j0- VjfP WEATEEB.
\D hi yVl —
J r<cresast jsaac ct Baa Praa- .
Cisco fcr.'thlrt^hcurs enainff
riiidnisAt, Uovemaer 24:
I 3an.Trancisco aatd vicinity —
blekrinr' Tpesaas llrht souti
.isiy^'wiaa;/ cnunrisz' to nortli-
McAJDIE.
J^~*~^rfG\stiAKX Forecaster.
Continued on Page 5, Column 1*
. LONDON, Nov. . 24.— A . dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Cherbourg: says that an
attempt, was : made on Saturday to derail
a* train in which the King and Queen of
Italy: were traveling through France on
their return to Rome from the visit to
King Edward. * Five large stones were
laid' on, the track a few minutes before
the train passed. An investigation showed
that A a soldier who was one of those de
tailed to patrol the line had placed the
stones ou the track. He was arrested.
Soldier Is Arrested for Placing Ob
structions Before the Royal
Train.
XING AND QUEEN OF
ITALY IN DANGER
First Officer of Francois Coppee Narrates
the Experiences ; -::^fAtilMseif:and.-':
Three of His Comrades.
There were twenty men all told aboard the French bark Francois Coppee when she struck on
a small rock at the entrance to Bodega Bay, about eleven miles north of Point Reyes lighthouse, last
Friday night. Seven of them perished and the tales told by the thirteen survivors find few. equals in
the great register of marine horrors. ' .
Four of the seamen — First Officer. Edward Nol ere, 7 August -Victor, Adolph; Victor and P.
O'Neil— arrived in this city yesterday afternoph. There -is no conflicting 'statements in their stories
of the wreck. They say that the bark was buffeted about for days while'trying to' reach this .port, and
that for forty-eight hours prior to her loss she was unable. to get bearings or soundings, so dense was
the fog and so raging the sea. When sliej struck the rock \the;, murk was so thick that the bewildered
crew could see only a few feet away, and Captain ''Inrye-and his officers did not know what part.of
. , "It was about i o'clock Friday morning when theiCo'ppee struck/' said First Officer Noler«
yesterday to a Call representative. "All hands were on /deck : at the time— indeed, not one of the men
aboard had slept an hour for two days— and from the -position the vessel ; assumed immediately after
striking it was evident to all that shie was doomed to destruction; She listed heavily to larboard, arid
Captain Inyre at once ordered the crew to 'man the; life , boats. In obeying the order the men
worked with alacrity and a coolness that •! have never seen equaled.
"I ought to. state here that two of, our boats
and -that we had only two ,i boats i to accommodate
FOUR SURVIVORS OF THE CREW OF THE .WRECKED FRENCH BARK FRANCOIS COPPEE. WHO WERE
BROUGHT TO SAN FRANCISCO LAST NIGHT AFTER HAVING REACHED SHORE AT PIERCERS POINT
ON A RUDELY CONSTRUCTED RAFT. . . :
• BERLIN, Noy. 24.— According to
Darmstadt dispatches Princess Frede
rick Ernest of Schoenburg-Walden
burg, who has been missing fourteen
days, has eloped with her coachman.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— A dispatch to
the Daily Mail from Berlin says that,
according to absolutely reliable infor
mation, Princess Alice, wife o*: Prince
Frederick Ernest of Schoenburg-Wal
denburg, has disappeared since Novem
ber 9. Her coachman also is missing.
At Dresden,, where the Princess form
erly resided, it isOgenerally supposed
that the Princess and her handsome
coachman have eloped together. Since
their disappearance it has come out
that the . relations between them were
not at all that of mistress and servant,
but that- they had been quite Intimate.
The Princess, who* is 25 years of age,
Is a daughter of Don Carlos. She mar
ried Prince Frederick Ernest (n 1837,
one son being their issue. Her sister.
Princess Elvira, it will be remembered,
created a sensation some years ago by
eloping with the painter, Folchi. where
upon ' Don Carlos repudiated her, de
claring:; J
"She is' no daughter of mine."
Herald Publishing Company
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New Toric
Daughter of Don
Carlos Deserts
Husband.
COACHMAN
ELOPES WITH
A PRINCESS
Of course they drank and in their
drunken condition began to search for
more liquor. In the cargo were some
carboys of carbolic acid, and in their
drunken frenzy the sailors broke into
them. The first two to drink of thl3
poison were the two with whom the
sailmaker had . had trouble. . and the
third is said to have been an innocent
youth who had signed for the voyago
only, for the purpose of reaching Cali
fornia. According to the captain's
story the first officer, who had profited
by the* former raid upon the cargo, was
on Watch, and missing the members of
the crew, he went to the hold and there
Three weeks ago Captain Breckwoldt
discovered a number of the members of
his crew, including his first officer, in
toxicated. Investigation showed that
with the knowledge of this first officer
the sailmaker had led several members
of the crew into the sealed hold and
there they had broken into casks con
taining whisky, a part of which they
carried to the first officer and to other
members of the crew. This breach of
discipline was duly punished by the
captain and for several days the inci
dent was forgotten, but within a week
the sailmaker, taking the lead of other
members of the crew, among them the
two with whom he had had trouble,
again entered the hold and showed the
sailors where the liquor was to be
found.
FIRST MATE INTOXICATED.
It was a srewsome story which the
captain told; a story of fights, revenge
and death, and it will be for the Ger
man authorities to pass upon the guilt
or innocence of the accused. Names
are lacking for the present, for the
reason that the captain has not official
ly entered a United States port. H»
has anchored off Port Los Angeles, but
has declared himself as still being un
der German jurisdiction and will re
main so until he can communicate by
wire with those in authority, under
whose orders and control he, considers
himself. Meantime the one prisoner
aboard the Octavia will remain in
irons, charged with murder, and it will
be for the Consul at San Francisco to
decide what course shall be pursued.
On July G the- Octavia sailed from
Antwerp laden with railroad Iron,
cement and a general cargo, bound for
Port Los Angeles and San Francisco.
She is a fast sailer and until after she
rounded the Horn the voyage wai
without incident except for the usual
fights which occur among sailors on
such a voyage, ilore than one of these
fights had been between two certain
members of the crew and the sail
maker, in which the latter was badly
whipped, and after which he is said
to have threatened revenge.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 23.— With her
sailmaker in irons, charged with a
diabolical murder, her first officer sick
unto death and her logbook showing
that three poisoned members of her
crew had been buried at sea. the Ger
man ship Octavia, Captain Breckwoldt,
140 days from Antwerp, dropped anchor
oft Port Los Angeles this afternoon.
The first thing that the captain re
ported when his barge touched the Ions
wharf and he was met by a customs
officer was that. murder had been com
mitted on his ship and he wanted to
know what could be done about it. Hla
next inquiry was as to a hospital to
which he could send his ftr3t officer,
and that being told him. the sick man
about whom he was so solicitous was
conveyed to this city and taken to the
Slstera* Hospital, where he lies hover
ing between life and death.
FIGHTS ON THE SEA.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Vessel Arrives at Port L03
Angeles With a Sail
maker Ironed.
Sailors Drink Poison
and Skipper Charges
Murder.
Appalling Events
Mar Octavia's
Voyage. *
Russian Agency
Reports Start
ling Advices.
Japanese Fleet Sails
to Intercept Czar's
Warships.
Will Prevent Their Joining
Naval Force Anchored
at Port Arthur.
ICE PACKS
CRUSH THE
ANTARCTIC
South Pole Expedi
tion Ends in
Disaster.
fp^cial Cabl*pram to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Ccmpjir.y.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 23. — A
seml-cfficial Russian agency has re
ceived from Tokio a report to the ef
fect that Japanese warships have been
dispatched to prevent the Russian war
vessels Tsarevitch and Baiar. reaching
Port Arthur to join the Russian squad
run there.
The report that the Japanese have
occupied Wiju. on the Ya!u River, is
not confirmed here, and is not given
credence.
LONDON, Nov. 24.— The papers this
morning publish disquieting rumors of
the situation in the Far East. These
reports eeem to gather certain signi
ficance from the absence of any re
liable authoritative statements con
cerning the actual situation.
In addition to a St. Petersburg ru
mor that Japanese warships have been
sent to intercept two Russian vessels
bound for Port Arthur, there is a re
port from Moscow which says the be
lief is growing that hostilities between
Russia and Japan have actually begun.
UOT CONFIRMED IN LONDON.
This alarming report cannot be con
firmed here. It is possible that it
originated with the statement of the
Japanese journal, the Nagasaki Shim
po, which, as announced in these dis
patches yesterday, was to the effect
that a Japanese squadron of twelve
vessels had left Sasebo for au unknown
destination.
The fact that such a statement shouid
be issued by a Russian semi-official
agency is. however, regarded as signifi
cant. Curiously enough, the Rugsian
newspaper Wret a few days ago ex
pressed the belief that communication
between Port Arthur and Japan had
been already interrupted.
In Cardiff yesterday renewed activ
ity was reported on the part of the
Russian and Japanese agents with a
view to securing further shipments of
coai.
Russia is described as showing the
signs of nervous tension and extreme
depression which frequently precede
the moment of decisive action in na
tional crises.
DE BOSEN'S SUDDEN ACTIVITY.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Mail represents the situation in un un
satisfactory light. He says ft is re
ported that Baron de Rosen, the Rus
sian Minister, received a long and urg
ent telegram from St. Petersburg,
whereupon he sent for Baron Komura,
th* Japanese Minister of Foreign Af
fairs.
According. to the same correspondent
M. Pavloff, the Russian Minister at
Seoul, has sent another note to the
Korean Government regarding Yon
gamphn, declarins that if Korea per
sists Is opening that port Russia will
take action. Korea replied that Rus
sia's interference with the opening of
Yongampho was a violation of Korea's
sovereign rights, to which she_strongly
objected. Korea concurrently notified
the~Japanese Minister to the same ef
fect.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1003. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
BUENOS AYRES, Argentine, Nov. 23.
Lieutenant Josem Sobral of the Argen
tine navy, who accompanied the Nor
denskjold Antarctic expedition, has tel
egraphed to La Prensa, from Santa
Cruz, some of the particulars of the
work of the expedition and the loss of
Its ship, the Antarctic. Lieutenant So
bral says the Antarctic attempted to
go to the east of Joinvllle Island, but
met many difficulties. The ship finally
entered the gulf of Erebus arid Terror,
where she was crushed by the ice and
sunk.
This occurred on February 3 of the
present year. Captain Larsen and all
of the members of the party escaped
and succeeded In saving some of the
provisions before the ship went down.
They started for Paulet Island and for
sixteen days they had to pass through
many difficulties, but all reached the
island in good condition. They spent
the winter on Paulet Island, subsisting
on seals.
The Argentine gunboat Uruguay ar
rived at the island on November 18 and
took on board Captain Larfen and
twenty-eight members of the expedi
tion. The gunboat then returned to
Louis Philippe Land, wher«j it took
aboard several boxes containing fossils
collected by the expedition.
The Nordenskjold party explored
Grahams Land, between Bramfleld
Strait and Cape Pramaes, <ts well as
King Oscars Land. It made numerous
observations and gathered valuable
zoological collections. All of the mem
bers are in excellent health..
Soldiers Charged With Murder.
SEATTLE. Nov. 23.— James Sullivan,
a barber, "was beaten into unconscious-
r.*-ss in the baok yard of the Log Cabin
saloon at Ballard last night and died
tr.-day. Private Joseph Vero, a sol
dier r.t Fort Lawson. is under arrest
and officers have been sent to the fort
Sto arrest Private Patrick HatXield, who
£'ro charted with the murder.
Continued on Page 2, Column ..'
Two Hundred Perish in Floods.
LONDON. Nov. 23.-A telegram re
ceived at the Indian Office from the Vice
roy of India. Lord Curzon. says that.ac
cording to reports received at Madras, a
flood In the Palar River on November 12
destroyed half of the town, of VanJzam
badi. in the Salem district. Two hundred
persons were drowned.
John ' Brown's Bank Fails.
LONDON. Nov. 2?,. — Th« suspension
wo « announced to-day of John Brown &
Co.. a small but old-established private
i*xik. The failure is cot of importance.
SAYS WAR
HAS BEGUN
IN ORIENT
SHIP'S LOG
TELLS STORY
OF HORRORS
r\ETAlLS of the wreck of the French bark Francois Coppee at Pierces Point, eleven miles north of Point Reyes, last Friday night, were brought to this city yesterday by four of the men who were saved by swimming ashore after
J^y the small boat in which they had left the doomed vessel was smashed to splinters on the rocks. These four men, with ijik nine that -were picked up by the steam schooner Scotia and taken to Bozvens Landing, make the total
number of saved thirteen. An unconfirmed report from Point Reyes is to the effect that tcvo more of the. crew had succeeded in reaching shore and ivere seen zvalking in the direction of the lighthouse. There zverc twenty
souls aboard the bark when she struck, and Captain Inrye is among the missing. He was in the lifeboat that foundered, and when last seen' he was clinging to a table that- had floated from the ztreckagc. First Officer Edward No-
Icre was among the four that succeeded in reaching the slwre, and in an interview zvith The Call he tells a terrible story of the suffering which he and his companions underwent from the time they left the ship until they reached the
mainland and obtained succor. All of the survivors pronounce as ridiculous the report that there was mutiny, or even dissatisfaction, among the crew, and the seamen unite in declaring that Captain Inrye zvas a gallant sailor and
a humane officer. They say he zvas last to leave the vessel as she was pounding to pieces on the rocks. Two bod[cs were seen in the surf at the Point Reyes lighthouse last evening, and two more zvere zvashed ashore at Bodega Bay.
Coasters that arrived here \cstcrday saw no zvreckage off the Marin or Sonoma shore, and little debris from the wreck has been reported by the men who are patrolling the coast. It is beliez'ed that the bark has broken to pieces.
FOUR SURVIVORS OF WRECK AT TOMALBS POINT REACH CITY
AND TELL STORIES OF THEIR TERRIBLE SUFFERING ON THE SEA
THE TBBATZBS. *
Alcazar— "A Poor Belatloa.'y
California— "At fhe Old Grots,
Beads."' ¦.'', y:j- . &^
CcntTii 'H^irtitiyTrt in CtlUA-.
town."
Columbia — Virginia Sanaa In
"Iris."
Fischer's — "Ssbes aad Sosss."
Grand — "Ben Hnr."
Orpheara — Vaudeville.
The Orates — Vaudevillo.
Tlvoll — Grand Cpcro.
PRIGS FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1903.
VOLUME XC1V— :STO. 177.
The San Francisco CallDENVER, Nov. 23.— Rev, Thompson L.
Smith, said to have been the oldest of the
ex-Confederate chaplains, died ; to-day of
paralysis, nt his home in this city. He
was 80 years of age. '
Old Confederate Chaplain Dies.
We soli a new gas -range, with! steel
oven, for $11.00, connected ready for use.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Compa
ny, 415 Post street. *
ST. PAUL. Nov. 23.— Cashier Ernst, for
mer banker and broker, was' arraigned in
the' Police Court to-day on charges of
forgery and grand • larceny. He pleaded
not guilty. . In default of $7000 bail he
went back to Jail. The date for 'his ex
amination has not been announced.
St. Paul Banker in Jail.
BOSTON. Nov. 23.— A search of the old
town records of Boston family records
and the original plan of thd South bury
ing place has resulted In the discovery of
the location of Governor Johrt Endicott's
tomb, which has been unidentified for
more than 150 years. The tomb is In the
northwest corner of the old Granary
burying ground, where the first tombs
were built. soon after the establishment
of the cemetery in 1600.
Find Governor Endicott's Tomb.
J'Rubes and Roses" at Fischer's The
ater is the funniest show on the stage.
Every one of the leaders was received
with vociferous applause at last night's
performance.
Fischer's.
The second week of the problem play,
"Iris," began last night at the Colum
bia before a large and deeplyjnterested
audience. The dramatic powers of Vir
ginia Harned are at their best in the
title role.
Columbia.
WORCESTER. Mass., Nov. 23.— A
table of the ages of love in men and
women has been compiled by Professor
Bell, a fellow in Clark University and
formerly an instructor at the Valpar
aiso (Ind.) Normal School. He has
reached the conclusion that neither sex
is safe from Cupid's darts after it has
reached the age of three years. In
fifteen years he has investigated ' 800
cases and his figures go to prove that
the maturity of a woman's heart is
reached at 22 and a man's at 24.
Statistics on Love.
"Ben Hur" commenced the fourth and
final week of its engagement last even
ing at the Grand Opera-house before a
very large audience. The attendance
at the superb production of General
Lew Wallace's story has broken all
records in this city.
Grand Opera-House.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— A six-point
decline In the stock of the Republic
Iron and Steel Company on the Stock
Exchange to-day, making a drop of
eleven points since last Friday, was ac
companied by various rumors concern
ing the corporation's condition. It was
Bald that a plan was under way to
secure additional working capital by
Issuing new bonds, but of this a lead
ing director said he knew nothing,
neither could he offer any explanation
for the severe slump in the stock.
The regular quarterly meeting of the
directors will be held on Monday next,
and it is expected that some statement
regarding the company's affairs will
then be issued.
Six-Point Drop in Republic Iron and
Steel Gives Rise to Disquieting
Rumors.
DECLINE IN PRICES
CAUSES UNEASINESS
Somehow or another they all laughed
in the wrong place at the Alcazar last
night — and it worried James Durkln,
who w»s essaying the difficult role of
Noah Vale in "The Poor Relation." To
tell the truth, an Alcazar audience is
not the best one, maybe, to appreciate
one of those plays where the tears and
the smiles have such a narrow frontier.
They might have laughed had Sol Smith
Russell ¦ been the poor, hunger-ridden
inventor.
That good old play, "The Poor Rela
tion," has not been with* us for so long
that it is a pleasure to see it. Such
sweet plays are not written very often
nowadays. The part of Noah is a hard
one and Mr. Durkin makes a worthy
attempt at it. Just a little short of
what it ought to be . is his rendition,
however. There is not enough by-play
to fill in the pauses. .The quaint humor
strikes the audience 'like an end man's
joke. in a. minstrel show and not as the
foil to the pathos which lie so near the
surface. It is not convincing.
,But Miss Frances Starr as Scollops is
the attraction of the piece. Who would
believethe dainty little" Miss Starr, who
does the sweet young thing parts in the
usual run of 'Alcatar plays, could get a
Sis Hopkins make-up, smudge. her face
and . be the real thing in tough girls?
But she does, and the whole house is
with her. Miss Block has only to walk
through her -part, as «- Dolly; there is
nothing else to do.- Nor does Miss Howe
find: very much to work on in "The
Poor Relation." The play is Sol Smith
Russell's and nobody but Sol Smith
Russell can be "The: Poor .Relation.''
Alcazar.
The new programme at the, Chutes
Theater was well received from begin
ning to end at both performances yes
terday. Carberry and Stanton were
most amusing in their sketch, little
Helene proved a clever juvenile per
former and the new moving pictures
were excellent. The amateurs will ap
pear on Wednesday night of this week,
as special attractions are to be offered
Thanksgiving. .
Chutes.
The manufacturers made an informal
proposal to supply cement to the Gov
ernment at $9 50 a barrel, the amount
required being 200,000 barrels. The Sec
retary was not satisfied with the price,
and caused an investigation to be made
of the possibility of manufacturing
cement near the site of the proposed
irrigation works.
It was found that good cement could
be made not far from the reservoir
site for $2 50 a barrel. The cement man
ufacturers have protested that v their
informal proposal was not to be re
garded as a bid, and they declare the
Government has no moral right to go
into the cement business and thus
compete with private interests. Hitch
cock has promised to give the cement
men a hearing.
Interior Department officials figure
that it would cost about $3 a barrel to
transport the cement from the nearest
railroad station over the high moun
tains to the reservoir site. It Is be
lieved, therefore, that while the private
manufacturers have named an exor
bitant price, they would not be able in
any event to overcome the natural ad
vantage which the Government would
have by making its own cement near
the place where it is to be used.
It is estimated that the saving to the
Government would amount' to more
than $1,000,000.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— Secretary
Hitchcock is considering the advisabil
ity of establishing a government plant
for the manufacture of cement in Ari
zona. The project is the outcome of a
controversy that has arisen between
the Interior Department and a com
bine of cement manufacturers in re
gard to the price of cement for use
in building the great Tonto Basin ir
rigation reservoir In Arizona.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Last night's programme could not
have- been better, chosen. All of the
artists save Agostinl took part. And
they sang. for all they were, worth, for
Maestro Verdi, for the place and people
they have learned '"¦. to like and for the
sheer fun of it. They began with the
"Ballo in . Maschera" overture and then
came the second act , of "II Barbiere,"
given with irresistible-fun by Tromben,
who was in better voice* than I 'have
ever heard her; Gregoretti.the splendid,
Travagllnl, -Tedeschi and • Cortesi. The
second number} wns. the : third act r. of
"Zaza,'"in.:which;DeSpada sang: with
fine sympathy. Then came Marcheslni
In a scene from "Aida," with' Dado and
chorus. Both were in fine form. Bene
detto was heard in, the ."Ave:7 Maria"
and "Canzone del Salice" from "Otello,"
Most fittingly the "little opera-house
'round the corner" closed its long and
honorable career last night with a
grand farewell performance in aid of
the Verdi monument fund. The
requiem was worthy of the occasion,
and the house seemed large enough to
insure the sprinklfng of the town with
monuments. Up to the Queer .little
cubbyholc-B in the ceiling there wasn't
a spot big enough to hold even a tailor,
and the enthusiasm was there • to
match. But it wasn't all joy last night.
There was a tear near and a queer
little catch in the throat as one looked
one's last on the old place. The funny
old red and green of it got all blurred
up and the lights shimmered in the
oddest fashion. Twenty-five years ago
they began to gleam — on September 15,
1878. They shone then on the Vienna
Ladies' Orchestra, the first of the
Tivoli attractions. They shone then
also on a main floor covered with small,
round tables, where one took frank
furters with one's Strauss. Last night
the Tivoli lights looked down upon the
performance of an opera, latest of the
most modern Italian school, and the
first production of the work in all
America! All honor to the Tivoli!
There is a long stretch between that
opening night in '78 and to-day. The
unpretentious little place has echoed
to the tune of symphony, grand opera,
comic opera, band stuff. Fourteen
nights only since its opening has the
house been closed. Famous people
have lent their fame to the Tivoli—Vili
ani, Zlpelli, Natali, Montaldo, Bianchi,
Bulalza, Parolini, Mascagni, Neilsen,
Zelie de Lussan, Salassa, Gustave Hin
richs, Edward MacDo well— the listf is
endless. Without any preaching the
little place has lived very nearly to the
"art for art's sake" gospel. They have
done more there for local music s than
any dozen other institutions the town
possesses. And this has been recos:
nized. There is a good deal of affec
tion and gratitude going the Tivoll's
way. People have liked to go there,
have liked the management that has
given them so much for their money,
have given the artists there a great
deal of personal affection. Every one
feels somehow as if they owned the
house, and loved it.. One can wish no
better to the Tivoli of the future,
whose Greek outlines are fast gathering
into shape not far, from the old stamp
ing ground, than just the place that the
old Tivoli 'now holds in the hearts of
the San Francisco music lovers.
About- this time Harriman was also
in possession of information to the ef
fect that antagonistic interests were at
work with a view of connecting Sac
ramento and Stockton by an electric
system, and he suggested to Hunting
ton that the welfare of the Southern
Pacific Company, in which Huntington
is a large shareholder, would be seri
ously affected if the plans of this rival
line carried. The Southern Pacific
Company, it was explained, would have
a valuable advantage if it' could ac
quire control of. the electric line oper
ating inside of the city limits of Stock
ton, and a deal was finally struck
wherein the obliging Huntington
agreed to transfer to Harriman his
block of stock in the Stockton road.
While Attorney Herrin was completing
this transfer Harriman's surveyors
were engaged in -mapping out a route
between the two cities, and when this
work had been quietly accomplished a
company was incorporated to Duild the
road in the event of Harriman deem
ing the. move necessary In the future.
What consideration Huntington re
ceived for his block of stock is, of
course, a secret. . .
A. A. Robinson of. St. Louis, presi
dent of the Mexican Central Railway,
arrived yesterday in a private car on
his way to the City of Mexico, which
he is in the habit of visiting several
times a year. President Robinson is
regarded as one of the most practical
railroad men in the country, a fact of
which the moneyed interests behind the
Southern Pacific and Union Pacific
companies : showed their appreciation
several years ago, when they offered
him the presidency of the former road.
The offer,- however, was declined on
the ground that Mr. Robinson .pre
ferred to remain with the Mexican
Central, which to-day stands as a
monument to his successful manage
ment of its affairs.
As a result of negotiations pending
for several months between E. H. Har
riman, president of the Southern Pa
cific Company and Vice President
Henry "E. Huntington, the large block
of stock of Stockton's street railway
company owned by the latter has
passed tato the hands of the head of
the Southern Pacific. The transfer was
effected recently, during a visit to Los
Angeles of W. F. Herrin, chief coun
sel* of the railroad company, and the
stock is now In his possession, await
ing an order from his superior officer.
Since the recent row with Hunting
ton over the latter's attempt to en
croach on the Southern Pacific Com
pany's freight territory with electric
railway systems, Harriman has taken
a strong liking to this new method of
railroading, and has arrived at the con
clusion that electric feeders to a steam
line are well worth owning. When the
two magnates finally effected a settle
ment of their differences In the south
ern part of the State and agreed to di
vide up among themselves and Senator
Clark the Huntington-Hellman syn
dicate Interests in that section, Harri
man quietly reminded Huntington that
he was aware of the fact that his vice
president was designing to gridiron
Northern California with electric roads,
as he had done in the south, and that
eventually these new lines would be
menacing the Southern Pacific traffic
north of San Francisco.
Government May
Go Into Cement
"D *
.Business.
Opera Stars in Verdi
Memorial Warmly
Applauded.
Huntington's Shares in
Stockton's Road Are
Transferred.
"All officers desiring \ to suggest
amendments will forward the same di
rect to the adjutant general for refer
ence to the board. Five copies of all
such suggested amendments will be
submitted for the use of the board in
addition to the original."
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 23. — Governor
Pardee has appointed a board of offi
cers consisting of Major General John
H. Dickinson, commanding the divis
ion; Colonel N. S. 'Bangham, assistant
adjutant general; Colonel George H.
Pippy, judge advocate general; Captain
Milton W. Simpson, Fifth Infantry;
Captain Francisco V. Keesling, First
Battalion of Artillery _ to revise the mil
itary laws of the State.
The following Is that portion of the
order issued from the adjutant gener
al's office, creating the board:
"A board is hereby appointed to con
sider proposed amendments to the pres
ent military law of the State, to the
end that the same may be made to
conform to the militia law as estab
lished by an act of Congress approved
January 21, 1903, and following as near
ly as the conditions in this State may
warrant, the outline of the gerieral
military law suggested in a circular
issued from the United States War
Department, dated October 8, 1903.
"The board will formulate the pro
posed amendments in such a manner
that they will be in proper form for
presentation to the next session of the
Legislature for consideration, and will
render a report of its work not later
than October 1, 1904, to the adjutant
general, for the action of the Governor.
Ej>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
Conductor J. P. Prenter, in charge
of the first car, drew a big maeazine
revolver and fired shot after shot in
the direction of the fleeing mob until
his weapon was empty.
During a fight at Forty-first street
Mrs. Charles Lett, a passenger on the
first car, jumped from the car and,
braving the revolver shots and all kinds
of missiles, ran, thoroughly frightened,
to a place of safety. Windows had been
broken near where she sat and her face
wm cut by glass.
All day long on State street the com
pany was hampered by the work* of the
mob, whtch piled obstructions upon the
tracks, drove pegs and splkeg into the
cable slot and cut trolley wires in many
places. The Archer avenue line was
badly damaged early in the day and
required several hours' work by a
strong force of repair men, who were
heavily guarded by the police. No at
tempt has been made to run cars on
this line since the commencement of
the strike.
CHICAGO, Nov. 23. — Fierce fighting,
in which the police used their clubs
freely and twice their revolvers, marked
the opening of the State street cable
line by the Chicago City Railway to
day. As far as can be ascertained no
body was seriously injured, although
there were many broken heads among
the rioters who came in contact with
the clubs of the police.
While the fighting was going on in
the streets the usual conferences were
in progress and propositions «nd coun
ter propositions were passins back and
forth. Late in the afternoon it was said
by Mayor Harrison, President Mahon
of the streetcar men and ths attorneys
for both sides that an agreement had
been reached, but little definite infor
mation was known concerning its
nature.
Police and Union Men
Clash in Streets of
Chicago.
Governor Names Board
for Guard Reor
ganization.
HARRIMAN GETS
COVETED STOCK
HITCHCOCK
CURBS GREED
OF A TRUST
TROUBLE OPENS
AS CARS MOVE
MILITARY LAW
TO BE REVISED
The Central Theater has the "real
thing" in melodramatic comedy this
week, its attraction, "Midnight in
Chinatown," answering every require
ment in plot, scenes and characters.
Rainy weather could not keep the peo
ple away, and the big audience en
joyed itself in the good old popular
price manner, demanding curtain calls,
and then bringing the actors out one
by one, so as to get the opportunity
of cheering the hero all by himself and
of emphatically expressing their hatred
of the villain by hoots and hisses. One
of the acts contains a suggestion of
the famous Barbary Coast, and an
other has a Chinese opium den, fitted
out in gorgeous style, and exhibiting
every facility for "hitting the pipe."
Throughout the play there is a surfeit
of blood and thunder and property pis
tols gleam sensationally at every cli
max. The villain of the piece is heart
less and conscienceless, but he seems
to lead a charmed existence the while
he is piling up his record of crime, until
he runs up against all his enemies in
a bunch supported by a squad of po
lice, and the time and the nlace chosen
by the author of the drama for this
consummation is "midnight in China
town." The bad man has lured the
heroine to the opium joint and is just
in the act of gloating over his prey
when the house is • raided and he is
dealt with summarily, to the accom
paniment of tremendous applause. TJhe
company does its level best. "Midnight
in Chinatown" is a howling success and
it will undoubtedly draw well all this
week. A special matinee is to be given
on Thanksgiving day.
Central.
POINT REYES, Nov. 23. — Buffetted
about for days amidst a seething sea
and unable to get soundings or bear
ings for over forty-eight hours, the
French bark Francois Coppee finally
found a resting place on the rugged
coast between ten and fifteen miles
north of Point Reyes lighthouse. Out
of a crew of twenty, thirteen alone re
main to tell the tale of hardship, pri
vation and extreme suffering from ex
posure. All hands- left the ship in two
lifeboats and nine in one boat managed
to reach land, safe from the fury of the
waves, and were ultimately rescued by
the sch'ooner Scotia and landed safely
and she was also at her best. The num
ber of the programme was, however,
the duet from "Puritani," done by Dado
and Zanini. The indispensable basso
sang gloriously and Zanini showed up
in a surprising way. Then and last
came the fourth act of "Rigoletto,"
with Master Russo, Borghese, Tromben,
Travagllnl and Marchesinl. And, hum
ming the "Donna e Mobile," the last
audience of the old Tlvoll filed down
the well-worn steps. The king is dead
to-morrow we may say, long live the
king. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
BARK BUFFETTED FOR DAYS.
Could Get Neither Bearings Nor
Soundings Ere She Struck.
SING REQUIEM
OF OLD TIVOLI
Officer Nolere and his three compan
ions deny most strenuously the report
that there was insubordination aboard
the Coppee. They say that officers and
men always worked with the utmost
harmony and that during the terrible
week preceding the wreck, when hard
situation and sounding the well, Cap
tain Inrye told the men that they would
have time to provision the boats and
get away rafely.x and in each of the
small crafts was placed provisions and
water sufficient to last a dozen men
several days without stinting them.
"For one boat the captain told off
Seamen Fred Olsen, Samuel Rays, Ed
ward Anderson, W. Taylor, Jean Con
vilk, Niel Louis, Fred Breken and C.
Augustus— nine in all. When the boat
was safely launched Captain Inrye or
dered those left on board to leave the
ship on the remaining boat. Only eight
of us succeeded in getting safely away
In her— Captain InryeJ six sailors and
myself. It was about 6 o'clock a. m.
when we shoved off, and the other boat
was nowhere to be seen. Before we
were out of sight of the bark she, was
breaking up on the jagged rock.
"Our boat was buffetted about most
fearfully. We could not get it away
from the reef on account of the heavy
sea, and finally a huge breaker bore it
upon a rock and it was dashed to
pieces. ¦ I swam blindly, almost smoth
ered by the flying spume and hardly
knowing where I was being Carried un
til I found myself ashore, so exhausted
and chilled that I was unable to stand.
After a little while I managed to stag
ger to my feet and look around and in
the murky fog I could see that three
others of the boat's crew had reached
the shore. They were in as pitiable a
condition as myself.'
"We could. see sufficient of our sur
roundings to feel confident that we
were not upon the mainland, but upon
a sort "of sharp promontory^ and we
subsequently discovered that we had
been washed ashore at Pierces Point
Across the bay we could see the head
lands loom up and we decided to build
a raft and attempt the passage. While
we were at work on the raft a huge
breaker rolled the corpse of one of our
late shipmates ashore and soon after
ward we saw Captain Inrye floating
on a ship's door, but he quickly disap
peared in the fog.
"When the raft was finished we suc
ceeded in punting It across to the land,
where we walked until we came to the
Moltzen place, where the family did
everything possible to aid us. Two of
us had only our trousers left and Mr.
Moltzen gave each of us an outfit M
clothing. We stayed with him and his
generous family until this afternoon,
when he drove us over to Marshall's,
where he presented each of us with a
railroad ticket to San Francisco and a
dollar. We left our benefactor at 5
o'clock this evening and it Is needless
to say that his kindness will never be
forgotten by us."
NO MUTINY ABOARD.
The four men tell a most harrowing
tale of suffering from exposure, but
also scoff at the idea of mutiny aboard
ship. They vehemently assert that it
was simple wreck, and that it was the 
fault of no one of the crew nor the
ship's master. In fact to Captain Inyre
they pay the highest tribute, asserting
he did all in his power to save his ship
from disaster, and even after they did
meet disaster gave orders how to pro
vision their boat, and in every way
looked out for their individual comfort.
He was the last to leave the ship and
would not get into the boat until every
one else was in. If he had left his ship
sooner the disaster to the second boat
might not have occurred. As It was,
she was dashed up agains^ the bark
and smashed to pieces. Then it was
every man for himself. The Francois
CAPTAIN "WAS LUCKY.
The men could not tell definitely just
where the wreck occurred, bur from
the description of the place where the
ship struck, and when they finally
made a landing on Pierce Point, the
wreck must be about eleven miles
north of the Point Reyes lighthouse.
The four survivors were unaware of
what became of the balance of the
crew, or at least those that were in the
other boat. Until to-day they thought
all had been lost but themselves. Cap
tain-Inyre, they are quite positive, has
been drowned, and one other of their
messmates they know Is dead, as his
body was washed ashore while they
were constructing the raft with which
to continue their journey to the main
land. __
The fog was dense and the survivors
in the boat floated around aimlessly
for hours, finally reaching shore at
Pierces Point, on Bodega Bay. At
this point they made a raft of logs and
brush and then proceeded on the main
land, walking four miles and finally
reaching the* ranch of Charles Moltzen.
Moltzen was at home and gave the
shipwrecked crew a hearty welcome.
One man, Nolene, was almost without
clothing, while the others were sadly
in need of nourishment. Food was pro
vided for them and clothing for those
that needed it. Two of the men were
nearly exhausted, but finally recovered.
This afternoon Moltzen took them by
boat to Marshall's. There he secured
transportation and all four left via the
North Shore Railroad en route to San
Francisco.
FLOATING AMID FOG.
The last seen of the ship'* master was
when he was clinging desperately to an
improvised lif*» -aft— a table. His crew
tried to reach him, but was unable to
assist him and was compelled to leave
him to his fate.
at Bowens Landing, in Mendodno
county. . *
Others were able to get into a life
boat only to be again wrecked. Four
of these alone survived after untold
hardship. These four are Augustus and
Adolph Victor, Edward Nolene and A.
O'Neil. Captain Inrye is presumed to
be drowned, as are also the others of
the crew.
Two bodies were, seen floating near
the Point R3yes lighthouse last even
ing, and the corpse of Captain Inrye's
little dog was also washing around In
the heavy surf. At 10 o'clock last night
a report was received at Point Reyes to
the effect that two more men had
reached shore and were then walking
toward the lighthouse, but at midnight
the report had not been verified.
It was reported from Tomales that
two bodies had been washed ashore
near there.' Coroner Sawyer of Marin
county was notified and he will leave
San Rafael this morning for the scene.
No trace of the wreck has been seen
by any one except the unfortunate ones
who were aboard her when she struck.
Coastwise craft that entered this port
yesterday from the north had not en
countered" any wreckage, and even
along the # shore between Point Reyes
and Bo'wen's Landing no wreckage had
come ashore. The surviving seamen
explain this extraordinary fact with
the opinion'that as soon as the sea sub
sides the wreckage will come ashore.
Just now, they say. the trend of the
tide is outward.' The sea was calm off
Point Reyes last night, but fog still
hovered over the coast-,.
The complete list of survivors is as
follows: First Officer Edward Nolere,
August Victor, Adolph Victor, P. O'Neil,
James Webb, Fred Olsen, Samuel Rays,
Edward Anderson, W. G. Taylor, Jean
Conviek, Niel Louis, Fred Breken and
C. Augustus. Most of the' -crew were
shipped in Australia, which accounts
for the comparatively few Frenchmen
on the list.
"Captain Inrye is certainly drowned,"
said First Officer Nolere, "as he seemed
to be exhausted and with no hope of
reaching shore when we saw him
floating upon the table near the shore.
It. was impossible for us to aid him at
the time. We watched and shouted
words of encouragement until he disap
peared in the fog. No man qould have
clung long to that slippery" table in the
heavy sea that was running around the
promontory and dashing in mountain
ous waves against the rocks."
work and lack of sleep would have
made most seamen irritable, the Cop
pee's crew obeyed orders with a cheer
fulness that was remarkable.
One man living near Marshalls, how
ever, arrived here to-night and report
ed that he saw considerable flotsam off
shore about twelve miles north of thf
lighthouse. i
He Investigated, but could find n«?
clew as to what ship the debris be*
longed. He stated, however, that while
he was en route to this place a rancher
informed him that while on horseback
this morning he saw a stranger several
hours before coming across the fields in
the direction of the hills. He was too
far away to tell anything about the
man and thought he was a tramp. Citi
zens of this town and Marshalls are
patrolling the coast in order to be of
assistance to any one who might possi
bly come ashore to-night. It is pre
sumed, however, that all the rest of the
crew of the ill fated French bark who
are alive have, either landed or else
have long since been, drowned.
The sea is calm off the lighthouse to
night, but there is still some fog hover
ing over the coast. Coroner Sawyer
will arrive here early to-morrow morn
ing and will drive to the place where
the body was washed ashore to take
charge of the remains. '
. ONE BY ONE GAVE TJP.
Progress was slow and the destination
meager. A landing upon the rocks was
out of the question. The men were buf
feted about by the waves, one by one
giving up. After daylight the contour
of the coast could be more definitely
determined, and about 7:30 the shiD
went to pieces. This gave the nearly
exhausted survivors better opportunltx
for their lives, as debris floated pasJ
them. The four men reached short!
several hours later. More dead than
alive they landed. The rock upon
which tHey found refuge was barren
and they at once set to work to reach
the mainland by means of an impro
vised raft. Just as they were leaving
on their raft one body was washed
ashore. When they reached Charles
Moltzen's place all was well. The men
were unaware that they were anywhere
near Point Reyes lighthouse, claiming
that the dense fog precluded them from
seeing the light at all.
They lost their bearings before they
reached Point Reyes and not being fa
miliar with the coast could not tell
where they were even after they
reached the Moltzen ranch. The light
house keeper at Point Reyes is wholly
unaware of any shipwreck occurring In
the vicinity of his station. Although a
constant watch wa3 kept during the re
cent storm for vessels in distress off
shore or ships wrecked upon the po!nt,
no one was reported in trouble. The
residents along the coast adjacent to
the wreck were also surprised that a
ship had gone ashore near here. Some
one of the ranchers is constantly pa
trolling the coast, but did not see the
Coppee on the rocks.
ONE MAN SAW DEBRIS.
The vessel struck on a ragged point of
land and settled almost at once. Cap
tain Inrye immediately realized from
the pounding against the rocks that his
ship was hopelessly wrecked and that
from the raging sea she would soon eo
to pieces. He gave orders to provision .
the lifeboats and leave the ship. Only .
two boats were available, the other two
being lashed fast and damaged and
wreckage was so piled upon them that
It was Impossible to get at them for
use. All hands were ordered into the
two boats, and after roughly provision
ing 1 them the order was given to- pull
away. Nine men were in one boat and
the balance In the other. The cap
tain's boat was the last to put off, the
other having left the ship's stern sev
eral minutes previous. When the last
boat was but a short distance away
she was dashed back against the ship,
swamped and broken to pieces. Several
men were knocked unconscious, while
the others swam for their lives. Some
stripped themselves of their heavy
coats In order to make progress . more
easy as well as to keep afloat. The
first boat was lost in the tog and the
men in the water thought they too had
been swamped in the heavy sea. The
waves rolled over the ship and some cf
the wreckage was washed overboard.
To this the men clung.
Coppee got out of her course on Wed
nesday while in a storm. Bearings
could not be regained from that time
till she struck, early Friday morning.
A shar? lookout was kept for sight of
shore and the sounding line was con
stantly kept in motion. The fog waa
very dense and It was impossible to
discern the shore line. The surf beat
ing upon the rocks could not be dis
tinguished from the waves at sea and
not until they struck did the lookout
know they were so close to shore.
SHE SETTLED AT ONCE.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
When Last Seen by Those Who Had Scrambled Ashore
the Qallant Skipper Was Clinging Desperately to a
Cabin Table That Had Drifted Away From Wreck
CAPTAIN OF THE DOOMED BARK WAS LAST
TO ENTER THE LIFEBOAT THAT WAS LOST
THE 'SA'N FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY/NOVEMBER 24, '"1908.
Wise merchants : put I their show win
dows in tl^e newspapers.
BERLIN, Nov.- 23— Herr von Eisen
decher, Prussian Minister; to Baden , and
one of Prince Henry's companions on his
American tour, was • knocked down - by a
bicycle. at Carlsruhe to-day and severely
hurt. ffl^SBhKSBJ
2
DR. PXERCE'S REMEDIES.
Many a garrison has been forced to
give up the tight and hang out the white-
flag of surrender, when laci of food has
weakened the men past all power to
continue the struggle.
v y< Many a man Is
/ \ similarly starved
"*\ out of business.
y^ \ His digestion iiU
/ <\ impaired. Hi%4^
< food does not
\ % nourish him, and
m f^ \ for lack of
stre^th to carry on
; the struggle he turns ya +rJ&t
his store over to an- V2 /^A.
Dr. Pierce's Golden \\A\fc^
Medical Discovery \j\ \\xT5n
cures diseases of the M » \J
stomach and other or- » |
gans of digestion and **«^ 1 ¦:
nutrition. It restores , * 5
strength to weak, nerv- fl» « d^
ous, run-down men and tC^?=v""Tn!
women. , /^^^w
"About ten T«ars ago t f MS y
began to be afflicted with / f£i t
stomach trouble, also diar- . f /A t
rhea," writes Mr. Wa I . J I J
Walters, of Antrim, Mo. \g .^ V I
«Ia warm weather it jrrew r^\ T* "
worse, until it would throw I I V
xae Into a cramping chill. -1 .- I *
Was troubled so often that I I <
I «ometimf» thought ray 1 I /
end had come. Tried many I j >
remedies, but they g=ve _JL: I C
onlv temporary relief. In g*3N_fe '
November, i*y>. thought I "^» 1ir " r >e"gg>* v 3
would try Doctor Pierce's 1ff55a=y
Golden Medical Discovery.
I set siz bottle3 and tooh fire in succession, then
thonzht I would wait for a time and take the
one left. Soon found 1 had symptoms of the
trouble cominff back, » took the sixth bottle
and it cured me. I have enjoved the be« oi
health this summer, and the credit a'.l he'.ov^.
to your *>Golden Medical Discovery. 1 I ca^^'
express ray many thants to Dr. Pierce for hii
remedy, for it did so much for me. Words can.
not express how severely I sutTered,
"If any doubt the abev^ statement let them
address me. and I will tate great pleasure ia
answering." "
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse tho
bowels and stimulate the sluzzish liver.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. ; __. .' _ -¦ ;
This Is to Certify that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney, liver and bladder remedy,. is purely vegetable and does
not contain any calomel, mercury, creosote, .morphine, opium,
strychnine, cocaine, nitrate potash (salt-petre), bromide
potassium, narootio alkaloid, whiskey, wine or any harmful or
iaabit producing drugs. Swamp-Root was discovered through
scientific research and study by Dr. Kilmer, who graduated with
honors and is now actively engaged in the practice of his pro-
fession, which calling he has successfully followed many years.
{State of New York, County of Broome, ) q '
City of Binghamton, j-o.c»
Jonas M. Xtlmer, senior member of the firm of Dr, Kilmer
& Co., of the City of Binghamton, County of Broome, State of
New York, being duly sworn, deposes and says that the^guarantee
of purity of Swamp-Root, as described in the foregoing
certificate, is in all respects true.
Subscribed and sworn to) /?Z r Su&yzesi
before me April 26. 1903. j . :.'"*'
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is not recommended for everything, but if you have kidnoy,
liver or bladder trouble, it will be found just the remedy you need. Swamp- Root makes friends.
Each bottle contains the same standard of purity, strength and excellence. .
To prove what SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder Remedy, Will Do tor
YOU, Every Reader ot The Call May Have a Sample Bottle FREE by Mail. ;
You may have a sample bottle of Swamp-Root sent free by mail, by which you may test its
mild, gentle and immediate effects, also a book telling more about it, and containing many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by this won-
derful remedy. When writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to mention read-
ing this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp- Root is what you need, you can purchase the regular
fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itchlnc Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour drusrtst will refund * money if Pazo
niBtment fail* to care you in 6 to 14 days. 50c*. VICTORIA, B. C. Nov. 23.— Tike
steamer v.Wyefleld. . which ; arrived - from
San-Francisco this -morning, brought
Captain Johnson/ a San Francisco pilot,
who was carried away, being unable to
reach the pilot boat in heavy weather
off the ! Golden Gate.
Pilot Johnson Beaches Victoria.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. — Senator
Fairbanks to-day introduced a bill <to
permit national. banking associations to
deposit bonds; issued Tor the construc
tion of an interoceanic canal, to se
cure circulation. It provides for the
amendment : of . the : canal act so that
"every national banking association
having on deposit,. as provided by law
bonds . of the United States, issued
under the provisions of Bald act, to se
cure its circulation notes, shall pay to
the ..Treasurer of the United States in
the months of > January/and July , a tax
of one-fourth of one per cent each half
year upon the average amount of ' such
of its notes in circulation as are based
upon the ; deposits .of said bonds; ; and
suchi, taxes shall, be In lieu, of existing
taxes on its, notes in circulation,- im
posed ; by; section 5214 of the; revised
statutes." . ' i
Measure Provides for Amendment of
the Canal Act. •
FAIRBANKS' FINANCIAL BILL.
In his opinion Judge Lacombe says:
. "It Is difficult to understand by what
process of reasoning a , provision as
plain as this (amnesty act) can be so
construed "„¦ as ? to transfer the title to
.property from the true owners to the
thief who stole It" -
NEW YfORK, Nov. 23.— Judge La
combe In the United States Circuit
Court to-day handed down an opinion
overruling the motion made by
Charles A. W. Neely, convicted in
Cuba of appropriating $45,472 of its
postal funds while acting as director
of finances of the postoffices in Cuba
during the military occupation of the
Island by the United States, to vacate
the attachment filed by the United
States against $20,000 cash ball depos
ited by; Neely with the registrar of
the United States Civil Court in this
district. Neely's counsel had moved
the dismissal of the attachment and
civil proceedings on the ground that
the act of amnesty passed by the
Cuban Congress in May. 1902,
whereby all Americans convicted of
crime in Cuba during the occupation of
the island were pardoned, removed with
it all penalties and disabilities and that
the money should therefore be returned
to him. ¦..
The United • States, which brought
the action prior to the passage of the
amnesty act, contended that the money
so . deposited properly belonged to
Cuba, from which Government Neely
had embezzled it.
Judge Lacombe Decides That Am
nesty Act Does Not Apply to
Defaulting Official.
NEELY WILL NOT GET
$20,000 CASH BAIL
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Nov. 23. — Ex-
Supervisor Henry MeCleary was run
down and instantly killed by the south
bound Coast Line Limited train, in
charge of Conductor Gould, this morn
ing at about 9 o'clock. He was driving
into town, as was his custom, and as
train No. 37, northbound, was passing
he decided to Vait until the track was
clear. Train No. 22, southbound also
was passing at about » o'clock and Me-
Cleary made an effort to cross the
track In front of it. He was hurled
about eighty feet. MeCleary was an
old-timer and much respected. He had
served one term as supervisor and was
a prominent Mason. He took much in
terest In Democratic politics and fre
quently attended the various conven
tions of his party. He leaves, besides a
wife, a son, John C. MeCleary, and a
daughter, Mrs. Ada Girard.
DRIVES ON A TRACK
AND IS HURLED TO DEATH
Weil-Known Resident of Mountain
View Loses Life in an Ac
cident.
The Senate Committee on Military
Affairs held a brief session to-day to
continue the investigation of the
charges against General Wood in op
position to his confirmation as major
general. Captain W. J. Barden of the
Artilley Corps, who was the engineer
officer in charge of the street improve
ments in Havana during Wood's ad
ministration as Governor General of
Cuba, was the only witness.
Favorable action was taken on the
request of Major Rathbone for sub
poenas for army officers, and permis
sion was given him to prepare a list,
with statements as to what he ex
pected to prove by each. This list will
be ready for summonses to be issued
to-morrow.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— That a
thorough and merciless probing con
fronts General Wood was emphasized
to-day when it was announced that the
Senate Committee on Military Affairs
would designate a sub-committee to go
to Cuba to take testimony regarding
the conduct of the* general. Members
of the committee have not been se
lected, nor has the number been de
termined, but the decision to investi
gate on the island, as well as here,
has caused a stir.
It is asserted that so much has al
ready been said about the conduct of
General Wood in Cuba that it will be
necessary to examine witnesses who
cannot come to the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Daniel Frohman Wed3.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23. — Announce
ment was made to-day that Daniel
Frohman and Margaret Illlngton, who
is playing the leading part in "A Jap
anese Nightingale" at Daly's Theater,
were quietly married yesterday by
Judge Henry Blschoff of the Supreme
Court. Miss Illington will conclude her
contract with Klaw & Erlanger, when
she will retire from the stage.
Solano County Pioneer Dead.
VAIiLEJO, Nov. 23.— Michael Carroll,
a pioneer of Solano, died to-day at the
residence of his son-in-law, D. M.
Fleming, on the Orphans' Home road.
Pneumonia was the cause of death.
Carroll cams to Vallejo in 1S55. being
the first pioneer, with Supervisor
Fleming's father, to fence any land in
Vallejo township.
VOLLEY OF BUCKSHOT
MAY DESTROY HIS SIGHT
San Franciscan Accidentally Injured
While Shooting Ducks in
Sonoma County.
SONOMA, Nov. 23. — B. Benditti of
San Francisco, while out duck shooting
near Fairville station, received a volley
of buckshot in his face from a double
barrel shotgun. The injury may cause
the loss of his sight. The gun was ac
cidentally discharged while In the
hands of a companion. Benditti was
standing about thirty yards away. His
face was badly disfigured.
Senate Committee to
Take Testimony
in Cuba.
WOOD'S CONDUCT
WILL BE PROBED
Several days ago Hurt went to Port
land for the purpose of going East to
look into the affairs of an estate, while
Apostle Greffleld was attending to the
enlargement of the Hurt College in
order to accommodate a larger num
ber of "Rollers." Hurt, however, did
not go East. Instead, he returned un
expectedly to Corvallls.and with his re
turn came the order to clear the prem
ises of the Rolling apostles. It is ap
parent that friends of Hurt managed
to convince him that he was being im
posed upon, and that It was time to
bring about a revolution.
CORVALLIS, Nov. 23— O.V. Hurt, the
Republican politician who fell under
the spell of the "Holy Rollers," to-day
ordered the apostles to leave his house,
which has been for some time the
headquarters of the fanatics, and he
publicly stated that the new faith had
no further charms for him. „,
Fanatic Apostles in Oregon Are Re
quired to Leave House of
Convert.
HURT ORDERS OUT
THE "HOLY ROLLERS"
FRESNO, Nov. 23.— Dr. Walter N.
Thome, one of the most prominent
young physicians in the city and a son
of Dr. W. S. Thorne of San Francisco,
began suit for divorce against his wife
to-day on the grounds of infidelity,
drunkenness and cruelty.
Mrs. Thorhe left here two weeks ago
for San Francisco. She was formerly
MiS3 Emma Smith, and Is well con
nected In San Francisco, her father be
ing an official in one of the leading
banks. During the Spanish war she
was married to a captain of volunteers
and went to Manila. She returned in
a few months, got a divorce and soon
afterward married Dr. Thorne.
Wife of Dr. Walter N. Thome Mada
Defendant in a Legal Pro
ceeding.
PHYSICIAN" OF FRESNO
SUES SPOUSE FOR DIVORCH
Practically all of the men who were
arrested yesterday by the soldiers were
members of the Miners' Union. They
are confined in the "bull pen" at Camp
Goldfield and a new "bull pen" which
has been established at the town of In
dependence.
Governor Peabody said that General
Fell has not been reinstated in com
mand of the troops at Cripple Creek,
but was sent by him to the camp to
investigate the Vindicator affair.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Coin., Nov. 23.—
Major General John C. Bates, who has
been sent .especially by President
Roosevelt in response to Governor Pea
body"s rail for United States troops to
control the strike situation, to make in
investigation into the actual conditions.
n.rrix-ed in Cripple Creek to-day, and.
afier conferring \vith Adjutant General j
Sherman M. Bell of the Colorado Na
tional Guard, made a tour of the dis
trict- General Bates will spend but a
day or two h*>re and will proceed from
this city to Tellurid», where, It was!
claimed, the assistance of Federal '
troops nas needed. •
"I fully believe that we have the right
rr.fn in custody," said Peabody. "All
of the prisoners will be turned over to
the civil authorities as soon as condi
tions, warrant it."
General, Bell Confident He Has the
Right Men Under Arrest.
DENVER. Colo., Nov. 23.— Governor
Peabody received a telegram from Gen
eral Bell to-day, stating that the mili
lary authorities had positive evidence
that several of the Miners' Union mem
bers now in the "bull pen" at Camp
Goldf.oM were guilty of having plotted
the explosion in the Vindicator mine on
Saturday.
MAY BE THE DYNAMITERS.
An extra session of the Legislature
will be called to provide funds to cover
the expenses incurred by the troops.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 23.—Gov
trnor^ Wells to-night decided to send
J he entire National Guard of Utah into
,, he coal mining districts of Carbon
bounty, where the miners have been on
strike for the past week. Sheriff Wil
cox notified the Governor on Saturday
night that the lawless element among
the strikers was getting: beyond his
control and asked that troops be sent
in order to protect and maintain law
and order. Yesterday Governor Wells
commissioned Brigadier General Can
non, commanding: the National Guard,
to investigate the conditions in the dis
turbed district and report as to the
necessity for troops.
General Cannon made his report to
ib* Governor this afternoon and to
r.ight Governor Wells announced that
he would issue an order calling out the
militia to-morrow. The State guard
numbers about 400 men and consists of
infantry, artillery, cavalry and Signal
Corps.
When the matter of fixing a date for
resuming the inquiry was discussed,
Watson said his eyes have been grow
ing weaker for several days past. For
this reason the referee continued the
hearing until January. . . ;
Watson declared that he got about
$6000 in dividends out of the Consoli
dated El Dorado Gravel Mining Com
pany. His attorney, De Frees, explain
ed that while Watson appeared to
have sDent much money for real es
tate, he only speculated in it and made
small payments.
PRIVATE PAPERS DESTROYED.
The witness said he could. not give
accurate answers to, many, of Attorney
Bach's Questions because he had de
stroyed most of his private papers.
Shortly before the close of the ex
amination Attorney David Gann asked
the witness a few questions on behalf
of the trustees of the Porter Bros.
Company. His queries were mostly,
concerning other stockholders in the
concern. . . - •»¦ ".¦¦ "¦].'
"Did you buy some from money
drawn out of the Porter Bros. Com
pany?"
"I'm not positive. I bought some
with dividends amounting to about
$7000 secured from the Booth-Kelly
Lumber Company. I also got a salary
of $10,000 a year from Porter Bros, and
$4000 from the North American Fish
eries, of which I was president for sev
eral years. I also had about $30,000 be
fore I went into business with Porter
Bros, in 1884."
"I borrowed most of it from various
parties, including a number of banks
and the Armours, at various times,"
was the reply.
"Where did you get the money to
buy these stocks?" asked Attorney
Bach.
Nearly all of these shares are hy
pothecated. Watson also scheduled real
estate of the, value of $97,079, most of
which is heavily mortgaged.
USED BORROWED MONEY.
HOLDERS OF WATSON'S NOTES.
Among the other creditors holding
notes of Watson cr the Porter Brothers
Company are given the following:
North American Fisheries, Seattle, for
$55,020; First National Bank, Chicago,
for $168,000;' American National Bank,
Los Angeles, for $50,000; Wells, Fargo
& Co.'s Bank. San Francisco, for $100,
000; London, Paris and American Bank,
San Francisco, for $50,000; San Fran
cisco National Bank for $150,000; Anglo-
CalifornJan Bank, San Francisco, for
$100,000; D. O. Mills National Bank
Sacramento, for $57,000; Bank of Cali
fornia. San Francisco, for $50,000; First
National Bank, San Jose, Cal., for $35,
000, and Charles Hathaway & Co., Chi
cago, for $55,000.
The list of assets includes these
stocks, at face value: Booth-Kelly
Lumber Company, $50,000; Consolidated
El Dorado Gravel Mining Company,
$105,000; Porter Bros. Company^ $430,
200; North American. Fisheries, $40,000;
Ruddock Trench Company, $37,800;
Clock Packing Company, $10,000.
Armour is said to be the principal
backer of the Fruit Growers' Express
Company,, while Robbins is its man
ager.
The schedules of Watson presented
before Referee Wean show the follow
ing secured claims: John E. Bleekman,
New York, for J6S.000; Armour & Co.
for $65,000; Fruit Auction Company,
New York, for $10,000. There are other
smaller claims for which securities
were given.
permit his examining the books of the
corporation for the purpose of account
ing for $1,069,170, which he Is said to
have drawn out of the Porter Brothers
Corporation.
OGDEN ARMOUR SUBPENAED.
Watson's revelations regarding large
rebates received by him from the Fruit
Growers' Express Company, amount
ing, it is said, to at least $1,800,000, have
led Attorneys Bach and C. W. Green
field to search for other evidence on
this line. For the purpose of getting
more details they have subpenaed J.
Ogden Armour and George S. Robblns
to appear before Wean on November
30.
CHICAGO, Nov. 23. — Extensive pri
vate Interests of James S. Watson,
president of the Porter Brothers Com
pany, were revealed before Bankruptcy
Referee Wean to-day, Attorney Albert
Bach of New 'York using the schedules
of the witness' own debts and assets
as tne basis for his examination.
It was shown that Watson was Inter
ested as a stockholder in a half-dozen
or more corporations, as well as being
the owner of much real estate, now
heavily mortgaged. The private sched
ules of Watson showed his debts to be
$1,295,000, much of which was contract
ed on account of the concern of w'hich
he was formerly president.
Of the total liabilities, only $104,375
was secured by shares of stocks. It
was for the purpose of learning the
probable value of these securities that
the New York lawyer pressed the in
quiry. This will be resumed on Janu
ary 13, at which time, it is expected,
Watson's eyes will be well enough to
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ten-Thousand-a-Year Salary Produc
tive of listed Holdings Ag
gregating in Value
$900,000. -
Action. Is Quickly Decided Upon, Af
ter General Cannon Reports
Upon th.e Strike Con
ditions.
Schedule o$ His Debts and
Assets Produced at the
Hearing.
Extra Session of Legislature
Will Bo Called to Pro
vide Funds.
Porter Bros. President
a Man of Many •
Affairs.
Entire State Guard of
Utah to Protect the
Coal Minea
Morgan said that he had consented
to the enactment of, the Spooner bill
only because of his confidence in the
good faith of the President in enforc
ing the law, and now th'at the Presi
dent had not seen fit to keep that faith
it remained to be seen whether the Sen
ate would support him In that position.
The President, Morgan said; had
completed his campaign against the
Spooner act by having Hay sign a
treaty with "somebody" who had no
authority except that conveyed in a
cable message from a Junta at Pan
ama. Morgan read the correspondence
bearing upon the revolution to show,
as he said, that "the President had
known of the uprising on the isthmus
before it began and stood ready with
armed ships to protect those engaged
in it."
The pretense in Assistant -Secretary
"I think the President's appeal to
party discipline to force his opinions
on the country and his measures of ag
gression on foreign countries, In addi
tion to his power as commander-in
chief of the army and navy, which he
uses with a dreadful latitude of con
struction, is so strong a proof of heart
failure In the present wild moments
that I am encouraged to hope that
there are still some barriers that we
may rely upon to protect the peace and
save the commerce of the country. I
regret that party discipline is to be
used as a domestic policy force to pro
tect 'the transit' in Panama and to
guard the interests of the new canal
company. That we will get a canal if
«ne can be built in Panama I have no
oubt, for the President has said so.
Yet this result is not nearly so certain
or so safe as If he should obey the
Epooner law."
On the motion to adopt the report
Morgan of Alabama took the floor and
addressed himself to . the isthmian
canal question. He said he did not re
gret his retirement as chairman of the
Committee on Interoceanic Canals. He
disclaimed partisanship in the conduct
of the affairs of that committee and
declared that he had not and would not
reverse his position on the canal ques
tion at the instance of any party cau
cus. He discussed at some length the
attitude of the President In the matter
of the selection of a route for the pro
posed canal, and In doing so accused
Mr. Roosevelt of using his official po
sition to advance his personal views.
He referred to the Spooner act and said
no one could nullify It. The revolution
In Panama, he said, was a Cesarlan
operation, which took Panama alive
from the womb of Colombia.
CRITICISES THE PRESIDENT.-
Morgan charged that the President
had made the canal question a party
question and added:
Hale then presented the list of Sen
ate committees as agreed on by the
caucuses of the Republican and Demo
cratic Senators.
; Newlands also advanced the argu
i ment that in asking for a reduction of
j the duty on Cuban products exported
I to the United States, Cuba was making
I an exceptional request, and he thought
I we should respond by offering political
I rather than commercial union.
For himself, he had had in mind
Cuba's interests in presenting the reso
lution and he wanted it understood
that he represented no Spanish dons
nor American speculators: He had of
fered -the -resolution in no spirit of
spoliation," but because he had be
lieved that the measure would appeal
to the good sense of both the Amer
icans and the Cubans. Xewlands said
that he had provided for the attach
ment of Porto Rico to Cuba as a coun
ty or province in the conviction that
such a union would give the smaller
island a stability of government which
it could not otherwise obtain.
Lodge of Massachusetts express
ed regret over the introduction of the
rt-v-olution. Many people of our coun
try, he said, did not understand the
distinction between the Introduction
and the passage of a bill, and if our
people did not appreciate this differ
ence the Cubans must have a much
smaller degree of understanding. He
believed- the present debate would be
of good sen-ice In giving assurance
that the bill did not represent the
wishes of the Government or the peo
ple of the United States.
Spooner gave notice that he wished
to address the Senate in opposition to
the resolution and the motion to recon
sider the vote of reference went over.
Newlands of Nevada expressed grati
fication that his resolution should have
so early attracted attention. He agreed
with Hale In much that he had said
concerning the progress of Cuba and
the character of its people. Still, It was
a fact that Cuba had been compelled
to confess her inability to cope with
other nations in business affairs. He
also referred to the concession granted
to the United States for erecting forti
fications on Cuban soil and to our su
pervision of the foreign relations of
the island, as well as to the conduct
of its sanitary affairs, and said that as
a matter of fact Cuba had already
pEsumed the attitude «f a ward of the
United States.
CUBA'S EXCEPTIONAL REQUEST.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. — Panama
and Cuba engaged the attention of the
Senate to-day, to the exclusion of all
other questions. Hale moved to recon
eider the vote by which the Newlands
Joint resolution for the annexation of
Cuba was referred to a committee and
several speeches were made on the mo
tion without disposing of it. Hale,
Lodge and Platt of Connecticut dis
avowed any desire on the part of the
United States to acquire Cuba and ex
pressed great regret that the resolution
had been introduced. Newlands de
fended the measure as presenting a
natural solution of the problem of the
relationship between the two countries.
The Panama question came up in
connection with the announcement of
the reorganization of Senate commit
tees, Morgan (Dem.) of Alabama being
relieved from the chairmanship of the
Committee on Interoceanic Canals.
Before the order went into effect Mor
gan took the floor and his speech proved
to be a discussion of the entire canal
Question, with liberal criticism of the
President for his course. He had not
concluded when the Senate adjourned
and will proceed to-morrow.
Before adjournment the Senate unan
imously agreed to vote on the Cuban
bill on December 16 next.
HALE" OPPOSES ANNEXATION.
When Hale of Maine moved to recon
sider the vote by which the Newlands
resolution for the annexation of Cuba
was referred to the Committee on Re
lations with Cuba, he spoke of a speech
in opposition to the policy proposed by
the resolution, saying that this country
had already declared its policy with
reference to Cuba by enacting the
Teller resolution into law. He would
not extend such an invitation to Great
Britain for the union of Canada to the
United States* or to Mexico for such a
union. In this connection Hale said
incidentally that he had no doubt that
there were men alive who would live
to see the annexation of Canada to the
United States. He closed by urging
the Senate- to take no step toward clos
ing progress in Cuba.
Privileges and Elections — Burrows,
chairman; Hoar, McComas, Foraker, De
pew, Beveridge, Dillingham, Hopkins.
Public Buildings and Grounds — Fair
banks, chairman; Warren, Scott, Quarles,
McCumber, Wetmore. Quay.
Public Health and National Quaran
tine — Spooner, Depew, Ball, Heyburn,
Long.
Public Lands — Hansbrough, chairman;
Nelson, Clark (Wyoming), Bard, Kearns,
Gamble, Burton, Dietrich, Fultbn.
Railroads — Clark (Wyoming), chair
man; Nelson, Hawley, Bard, Allen, An
kenny, Smoot. v
Revision of Laws — Depew, chairman;
Proctor, Fulton, Heyburn, Long.
Revolutionary Claims — Platt (Conn),
Alger. Ball.
Rules — Spooner, chairman; Aldrich,
Hoar. Elkins.
Territories — Beveridge, chairman; Dil
lingham, Nelson, Bard, Quay, . Burnham,
Kean.
Transportation Routes to the Seaboard
— Gamble, chairman; Clark (Wyoming),
Perkins, Ball, Allee.
University of the United States— Long,
chairman; Frye. Wetmore, Burnham,
Dillingham, Dryden, Allison.*
Woman's Suffrage— -Wetmore, Bard
Mitchell.
Additional Accommodations for the Li
brary — Cullom, Allison. Mitchell.
Industrial Expositions — Burnham,
chairman ; Hawley, Hansbrough, Lodge,'
Clapp, Alger, Fulton.
National Banks — Kearns, chairman ;
Penrose, Ankenny.
Investigate Trespassers Upon Indian
Lands — Dietrich, chairman ; Heyburn. '- '-¦
Standards. Weights and 'Measures—
Smoot, chairman; Dolliver, Long. ' "
Interoceanic Canals— Hanna, chairman;
Platt (New York), Mitchell, Mlllard, Kit
tredge, Dryden, Hopkins.
Interstate Commerce — Elkins, chairman;
Cullom, Aldrich, Kean, Dolliver, Foraker.
Clapp, Millard.
Irrigation — Bard, chairman; Warren,
Stewart, Kearns, Dietrich, Hansbrough,
Ankenny, Fulton. ¦
Judiciary — Hoat, , chairman: Platt
(Conn.), Clark (Wyoming), -Fairbanks,
Nelson, McComas, Depew, Mitchell.
Library— Wetmore, chairman; Hans
brough, Dryden.
Manufactures — Heyburn, chairman;
Proctor, Warren, Quarles, Scott, Foraker,
Alger.
Mines and Mining— Scott, chairman;
Stewart, Hanna, Kearns, Heyburn.
Mississippi River and Its Tributaries
—Nelson, chairman: Dolliver, Mlllard,
Hopkins.
Naval Affairs— Hale, chairman; Per
kins, Platt (New York), Hanna, Penrose,
Gallinger, Burrows. 1 ¦ "••
Expenditures of the Executive Depart
ments — Quay, chairman; Wetmore, Bev
eridge, Allison, Allee.
Pacific Islands and Porto Rico—Fora
ker, chairman; Depew, Wetmore, Foster
(Wash.), Mitchell, Kearns, Burton.
Pacific Railways — Dolliver, chairman;
Frye, Stewart, Millard, Kittredge.
Patents — Kittredge, chairman; Mc-
Comas, McCumber, Clapp.
Pensions — McCumber, chairman r Scott,
Foster (Wash.), Burton, Burnham, Al
ger, Ball, Smoot.
Philippines — Lodge, chairman; Hale,
Proctor, Beveridge, Burrows, McComaa,
Dietrich, Long.
Postoffices and Post Roads— Penrose,
chairman; Dolliver, Lodge, Beveridge,
Mitchell, Proctor, Burrows, Scott, Bur
ton.
Printing — Platt (New York), chair
man; Elkins. \
Private Land Claims — Hale, Kean,
Gamble. Burton.
Cuban Relations— Platt (Conn.), chair
man; Aldrich, Spooner, Burnham, Mitch
ell, Klttredge, Hopkins.
District of Columbia— Gallinger. chair
man; Hansbrough, Stewart; Dilllngham*
Foster (Wash.), Foraker, Scott, Gamble.
Education and Labor— McComas, chair
man; Penrose, Dolliver, Clapp, Burnham.
Engrossed Bills— Dryden, chairman;
Hopkins.
Examination of the Several Branches of
the Civil Service— Clapp, chairman; Hoar,
Ball, Smoot.
Finance— Aldrich. chairman; Allison,
Platt (Conn.), Burrows, Platt (New
York), Hansbrough, Spooner, Penrose.
Fisheries— Hopkins, chairman; Proctor,
Frye, Perkins. Fulton.
Foreign Relations— Cullom, chairman;
Frye, Lodge, Clark (Wyoming), Foraker,
Spooner. Fairbanks. Kean.
Forest Reservations and the. Protection
of Game — Burton, chairman; Depew, Per
kins, Kearns, Kittredge, Burnham, An
kenny.
Geological Survey— Foster (Wash.),
chairman; Elkins, Heyburn, Fairbanks.
Immigration — Dilllngham, "chairman;
Penrose, Fairbanks, Lodge, Dryden, Mc-
Comas.
Indian Affairs— Stewart, chairman; Platt
(Conn.), McCumber, Bard, Quay, Clapp,
Gamble, Clark (Wyoming), Long.
Indian Depredations— Allee, chairman;
Beveridge, Dilllngham, Kearns, Dietrich,
Smoot. " '. •.
Corporations Organized in* District of
Columbia— Aldrich, chairman; Hopkins,
Long.
Commerce— Frye, chairman; Elkins,
Nelson, Gallinger, Penrose. Hanna, De
pew. Perkins. Foster (Wash.), Quarles,
Alger.
Coast Defense— Mitchell. chairman;
Hawley, Alger, Ball, Ankenny, Heyburn.
Coast and Insular Survey— Ankenny,
chairman; Foster (Wash.), Hawley, Fair
banks, Allee.
Claims— Warren, chairman; Stewart,
Kean, Clapp, Burnham, Burton, Allee,
Fulton. Smoot. '
Cfvil Service and Retrenchment—Per
kins, chairman; Lodge, Elkins, Platt
(Xew York), Millard.
(Wash.). Dolliver, Quarles, Quay.
Appropriations— Allison, chairman; Hale,
Cullom, Perkins, Warren, Wetmore.
Quay, Gallinger. 1 :. -i'.;^
Audit and Control of the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate— Kean, chair
man; Warren. Millard.
Canadian Relations— Fulton, chairman;
Dryden. Hoar, Hale. Fairbanks.
Census— Quarlcs, chairman; Hale, Platt
(Xew York), McCumber, McComas, Bur
ton. Long.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— The Re
publican membership on Senate com
mittees was agreed on in the Repub
lican caucus to-day as follows: ¦
Agriculture and Forestry— Proctor,
chairman; Hansbrough, "Warren, Foster
Membership as Agreed Upon in the
Republican Caucus.
SENATE COMMITTEES.
Loomis' dispatch that It was our de
sire to maintain peace, Morgan de
clared, was the grimmest piece ot irony
that has ever graced diplomatic annals.
Morgan contended that Colombia had
a perfect right to suppress an uprising
on the isthmus, and declared that the
United States had failed utterly to ob
serve its treaty obligations in pursuing
the course it had taken.
With the understanding that he
should continue his speech to-morrow,
Morgan yielded the floor!
Republican Leaders Oppose Newlands' An
nexation Resolution and Morgan Bitterly
Criticizes the President's Ganal Policy
EXTENSIVE
INTERESTS
OF WATSON
GOVERNOR
ORDERS OUT
HIS TROOPS
SENATORS IN DEBATE
ON CUBA AND PANAMA
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, KOYEMBER 24, 1903.
Prison Guard . Accidentally, Shot.
FOLSOM. Nov. i. 23.— Guard Joe Long
ley accidentally shot- himself I Saturday
morning ; about j 2 ; o'clock: ; While he ; was
walking : to , the captain's office his i revol
ver accidentally dropped from* his pocket
and was discharged, the ball entering his
xi«ht WP» _^ ¦---— i-
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.. '
©©©•©^o»©o©©€s©oo0oo»9ooG©e©doeooeaoa>oicco«ce^
5 e
9 __ . c
• ©
9 9
q • No matter how weak £
© - v- y° u arc ' k° w foil of o
2 S**^ Jt3^\ aches and pains; how J
9 \. . Kjb** ~***^ feeble and old in your 0
9 Y AT s&fr' ' act * ons ' y° u can b e ma de •
5 \ \ V* 4 H&'' *^»^-* y a stronger and better £)
O \ ' / ,^~ — man ky wearing my Elec- Q
9 V^ I \' y^ *" c c^ w hil e J* ou sleep. 9
9 ' **' c k out l^ c mcn w^° *
© havc w °^ n m y e^- S ee §
® - 1 I J' them with heads erect, 2
5 Ji#| • I s* chest expanded, the 2
0 »/ • 'i / * glow of health in their g>
q **^^?\ )V \ i I Av/>^" cheeks, courage in their 9
9 * v *-«-^*^>. ,'t \ \ I ' / t J r^ /^ \^S hearts and a clasp of the &
9 *^-^I^3£nA 1-7/ ' x-%S£~~^ hand that ,, teIIs y° u * 41 °
© '^E^^^^^^^^^ZIIl is it with:,'g
lor •x-*-C?^ : 3-5f^§«7^&^^^\vvS^» matism and back pains, a
g ;.;^»^^!!^%U^N> a dull ache and weakness <£
© over your kidneys, dull ©
9. headaches, with a tired, stupid feeling? Are you losing your vitality? Do O
® you feel yourself, growing aged before your time? Are you nervous, ©
2 sleepless, short of memory and lacking in spirit and self-confidence? •
S Do you know that you are not the man you would like to be? 5
Q If so, I can cure you. What you lack is just what electricity sup- S
© plies. My Belt will cure you, and if you will come to me you will soon 0
<• be one of "DR. McLAUGHLIN'S MEN." " g
9 I believe that the best evidencejs the word of an honest man who 9
9 says "YOU CURED ME."..; «>
© Mr. James P. Davis. 709 Devisadero • street, San Francisco, says: •
2 .'.¦'Twelve years ago I injured my l^ck in an elevator accident, which in- ?
S capacitated me from labor for over a year, after six months in bed. S
9 Since that time I have not been myself. My back troubled me and I %
9 was weak. I doctored and doctored, without henefit. I beard of your 0
• belt and asked my doctor about it. He told me it was no good. I 9
9] thought I would try it anyway, as the doctor could not help me. The •
• effect was marvelous. After wearing it for three months it cured my •
2 back and now I feel as strong and capable as any man, jwung or old. I 2
0 cannot praise it too highly, and will advise every man, weak or in pain, JS
to use it and not to be persuaded against it by. any doctor." ©
0 Come to me and let me cure you. Twenty ye^rs of my life have been q
© devoted to my trade, and I have made my Belt popular with people who O
9 are tired, of drafting. I cure while you sleep. It's easy and pleasant. •
• My Belt gives a current that is a glowing warmth. N~ burn or sting. •
g I f . have a nicely illustrated book which every man should read. 1 2
r will send it closely sealed, free, if you send this ad. S
0 Call if you can. JJJ
I dr. m.c^ Mclaughlin, . iM 3K fc &&iS > £ff 1 "- J
' Office Hours^— 8 a. m.to_8.p. m.; [Sundays, 10 to .1. . . JjJ
itew advebtisem:ent&
2HES BOSA McAHAN" OF BTJTTE.
How After Two Years She Found a
Remedy for Dandruff.
Miss Rosa McAhan of 211 West Quartz
street. Butte. Mont_, says: "Hernicide
has thoroughly cleansed.by scalp of dan-
druff, with which It was entirely cov-
ered; and it has stopped my falling hair
I have tried many different preparations
In the past two years, but hone took ef-
fect except Newbro's Herpiclde." Dan-
druff is a germ disease and Herpiclde Is
an infallible destroyer of the germ. "De-
stroy the cause, you remove the effect."
Kill the dandruff germ. Ask your drug-
gist for H/prplcide. It Js*a delightful
dressing; allays itching; makes trie hair
poft as silk. Sold by leading druggists
SorA 3 0c In stamps for sample to The
Hcrpiclde Co.. Detroit, Mich.
PERFECT
TJsed by people of refinement
far over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
The grocer buys Schilling's
Best to sell at a profit.
You buy it to eat and drink
Ct a profit.
Money back.
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devote their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when.in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts "of a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an Excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so.pleasant, prompt and beneficial in it3 effects as
Syrup of Figg, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction.
Owing to the excellence) of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists 'to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name — " Syrup of Fig3" — or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attemptingto deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in ono case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is' necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the* front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go totoneof the better class ot
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
AND —OTHERS.
Why put it off any longer. Tour neigh-
bors all have eas ranges and you 'should
have one from San Francisco < Gas and
Electric Company, 415 Post street, •
ADVERTISEMENTS.Efrgert was known in every gambling
room on the west side of the Rocky
Mountains as "Smoker Bill." and the
news of his death will recall old times
to those who knew him In his palmy
days.
Ejrpert was born in Germany and came
to America thirty years ago. He quickly
drifted into the life of a gambler and
earned the reputation of being an expert
card dealer.
He ran a faro bank in this city with
John Massey and accumulated a good
sized fortune. In the early 'SO's Massey
was killed one night near the corner of
Kearny and Morton streets, end from
that time luck seemed to desert Eggert.
He took to drinking and soon found him-
Felf without funds.
For some time he worked as a porter
in the saloons where he formerly had
spont money freely, and when sickness
overtook htfn he was cared for by friends
of bis prosperous days, who will give his
body burial. *
William Egrgrert, once a prosperous
gambler, wai found dead last Sunday
morning In his room at 417 Kearny
street.
"SMOBXB BILL," A NOTED
GAMBLER, PASSES AWAY
jBoard of Trustees of the Swedish Evangelical
Lutheran Ebenezer Church (owners) with Fred
Miller (contractor), architect August Nordin —
All work . except grading, painting. , glazing,
stair work, gas and electric fixtures for a frame
church buildln? on SW corner of Dolores and
Fifteenth streets, W 95. 8 50:2, E 14:10, N
7:6, E 14:1%. N1:8.E 60:0%, N 41; $14,987.
Louise Bee :(bwner) with A. M. Wallen and
William E. Byron (contractors), —7-; archi
tect — All work for. a *¦ two-story livery stable
on E line of First avenue. 100 S of Point Lobos
avenue. S 50 by E 100; $9300. / ~
- Dr. M., J. Fottrell , (owner) with George
Healing . (contractor),'* architects Meyer: &
O'Brien— Alterations and additions to a two
story, frame residence on NW corner of Devlsa
dero-and : Sacramento streets, N 26:8^4 by W
110: $4490. <;¦-< . •
., Hyman 1 Bros, (owners) with C. : A. Ingerson
(contractor), - architects Henry H. !¦ Meyers and
Clarence : R. ">¦ Ward — Alterations * and • addition
to store at 106 and 10S O'Farrell street; $2300.
Builders' Contracts.
of Sickles street. 287 more or less W of .Wyo
ming, E 25 by N 99.03; $10.
Geodge and Kate Ryan to Alfred Holm, lot
on S line of Precita avenue, 75 W of York,
W 25 by S 100, lot 8. Ray & Plumbe's subdi
vision of Predta Valley, lot* 228 to 231; $10.
Fred A. Stelnmann to Fred Woerner. lot on
SE line of Athens street, 66 2-3 NE of Bra
zil avenue, NE 33 1-3 by SE 100. lot 4, block
72, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Joseph F. Renner to Lizzie A. Merralls, lot
24, block 41, Sunny-side; $10. •
Helen K. .Alexander to Gabriel Moulin, lot
6, .block D, Park Hill Homestead Association;
$10. . ¦ - . ¦ .. . ¦• ¦ . . .
S/ Ducas Company, (corporation) to William
and Louise Schafer, lot on NE line' of Twen
ty-seventh avenue. . 350 NW of P street, NW
25 by NE 200. lots 15 «nd 34, block 499, Haley
Purchase; f 10. ¦ ' • ,. ¦ . \ ¦
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— The following
Californians are registered » here: From
San Francisco— Mrs. T. Magee Jr., at the
Manhattan; Miss Anderson, at the Ash
land; Miss Bowie, at the Earllngton: L.
H. Butcher, E. Charlier, at the Criterion
Hotel; R. A. Ferand, at the Westminster;
E. M. Hopkins, at the Holland; R.
Knighton, at the Astor House; E. L.
Kohlber, at the Belvedere; Miss F. La
Prleston, at the Navarre; J. Lawscm, at
the Holland House: AV. K. Mcllvalne, at
the Astor House: H. M. Spencer, at the
Park Avenue: J. F. Valentine, at the
Broadway Central: T. Veghte, F. M.
Voigt. at the Westminster; W. J. Wayte,
at the Hoffman House; T. T. Williams, at
the Holland.
Santa Clara— W. Fosgate, at the Grand.
Los Angeles— C. E. Condon, at the Her
ald So.uare; A. Robinson, at the Bar
tholdi.
Stanford— P.' Q. Atkinson, at the Nor
mandy:
Californians in New York.
* * ?
The Arts and Crafts Club held Its
opening ; cotillon last evening at Its
home on Central avenue. The evening
was - pleasantly passed.
Miss Christine Pomeroy was guest of
honor at a pleasant and informal tea
yesterday, afternoon given by Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury. Miss Pomeroy will
lead the first german of the Friday
fortnightly.
Mrs. Robert Louis . Stevenson -will
entertain this afternoon In honor, of
Mrs. Ferdinand William Stevenson,
who has recently returned from her
honeymoon. •
Mrs. Sidney M. Van Wyck -held her
second reception of this season yesf
terday afternoon in her apartments at
the Bella Vista Hotel.
The second dance of the Entre Nous
Cotillon Club will take place this eve
ning in the new ballroom of the Palace
Hotel. .
In token of her appreciation of the
able assistance rendered her on the oc
casion of the recent tea tendered her
host of friends, Mrs. Frank W. Marston
gave on Saturday at her. residence, 2714
Sacramento street, a euchre party to a
number of young ladles. The party was
a most enjoyable, success. The prizes
were won as follows: Miss Olive Car
son, first prize; Miss Alberta McKenzie,
second prize; Miss Grace Ewing, third
prize.
won by Mrs. J. Frederick Linz, who
received a handsome cut-glass nappy.
Howard Lombard, a painter, en
gaged Sunday afternoon in feeding
candy to the Harnadryas. an animal re
cently acquired for the-.Slmlan Temple
at the Chutes. John Moody, an attache
of the zoo, escorted the kind-hearted
painter from the grounds and an alterca
tion followed. In which Lombard was
struck on the head with a stick Moody
uses for prodding the animals. Lombard
was removed to the French Hospital in
an unconscious condition and Is said to
be dangerously injured. .Moody was
taken into custody yesterday by Detec
tive Mulcahy and will be held at the City
Prison until the extent of his victim's
injuries can be determined.
Zoo Attache Injures Painter.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAY. NOVEMBER 23.
City an.1 County of Ran Francisco to Flor
ence L. May. lot on S line of Broadway,
171:10 W of Buchanan street, W 34:4»,i by S
ir,2:'j; $ .
George A. Kohn to Eva II. Knhn, lot on E
Jine of Scott ptreot 100 S of Clay. E 131:3
by S 27:SV 4 : rift
Jame* C. and Margaret J. Bourbln to Fred
L. Han^en lot on H llnp of Eddy street, 112 :S
E of Scott E ?5 by S 82:6; $10. '
John J. Rohrbach to Charles J. Keenan* lot
on E line of Scott street, 100 N of Oak, N
37:6 by E 100; *10.
Daniel Buckley to Aupusta D. H. Berman.
lot on N • line of Fulton street, 223 W of
Scott. "VV 25 by N 1:17 :rt Quitclaim deed; $10.
Annie AV. Porter to Peter Rothermel. lot on
PE corner of Baker and Clay streets, S 30 by
E 110; $10.
Peter Rothermel to Mary P. Rothermel,
Fame; gift.
! Jeremiah J. Sheeny to John J. Moroy, lot
on \V line of Lyon street. KM) N of Geary. N
":•( W 100 N 40:10 NW 104 S 113, E 201:0;
$10/ *
Judson and Catherine TVheeler to Frank R.
Orannls, lot on X line of • Sacramento street,
87:0 E of Spruce. E 50 by X 127:8'^; $10.
Eliza J. Stoddard to Joseph M. Toner, lot
on NW corner of Thirteenth and Harrison
streets. N .'S«:0i;. W M>. S 40:0%, E 80; $10.
William Mulviri to William A. Beneman, lot
on \V line of Rondel place 2S0»t S of Six
teenth <133:10«i E of Valencia) street. S 32:5
by W 47; $10.
Emllle A. Yieher to Glaeomo Oneto. lot on
SVV corner of Fifteenth and Xoe streets. S SO
by W 110; $10.
Christian M. and Olfta Hansen to Antonio
and It. Giovannoll. lot on W line of Chatta
noo«ra street SS 8 of Twenty-third. S 22 by
\V 12.">: *1O.
Andrew Jor»?ensen to Christine W. Jorgensen.
lot on S line of Duncan street. 2S1:8 W of
Church W 24:4V, by R 114; Rift.
E. D. Swift to Joseph and Elizabeth Coward,
lot on X line of Twenty-fourth street, 210 W
of Castro. W 30 by X 114: $10.
Adolph O. and Camllle C. Cordell to Mathew
Donoho. lot on X line of Eighteenth street, 75
W of Diamond. TV 2S by N 75; $J0. '.
Giles H. and Georg-e D. Gray (trustees of
Edward P. Gray) to Edward P. Gray, lot on
W lin» of Webb ptreet, 75 S of Sacramento. S
C2:6. W «4, N 9:4, E 18, X 48:2, E 15, N 5,
E 34; $ — . .:¦¦-;'--
Edward P. and Ida B. Gray to Emma ¦ G.
WrlRht, name; $10.
Concenclon F. Ramirez and Mary T. Grant
to Emma G. Wrljrht (wife of Cyrus) and Emma
A. Harrlntton (wife of W. B.), lot on W line
of Webb street, 75 S of Sacramento (126:0 E
of Kearny). S C2:fi. W 49, X £2:6, E 15, X
10. E 34: $10. '-I'?-
Willard B. and Emma A. Harrinffton (Gray)
and Emma G. and Cyrus S. Wright to John F.
Leicester. Fame; $10.
Pnme to same, lot on W lln« of Webb street.
7.1 S of Sacramento. S 64:8. W 64. N 11:6, E
15, N 4S:2, E 15, N-5, E 34, quitclaim deed;
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
par.y to Robert C. and Ellaa M. Bolton and
David E. Melliss (trustees), lot on N line of
California street, 62:6 E of Kearny, E 41:8 by
N 68:9; $5.
Gulsepp* and Rosa. Arata to David Figrone.
lot on S line of Greenwich street, 206:3 E of
Stockton.- E 16 by S 137:«; $10.
Owen M. Bre^inan to O. H. Greenewald. lot
en E line of Powell street. 77 S of. Sutter, S
61-5 by E 47:6; $10.
G T. and Annie Knopf to Charles and Sarah
M# RelUey. lot on E lln« of Hampshire street,
ift«-6 N of Twentieth, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Frank R. end Sophie Grannls ¦ to Judson
Wheeler, lot on S line of Lake street, 90 E
of Fourth avenue. E 30 by ¦ S 100; $10.
Porter Osgrood to Mray F. Oseood, i lot on S
line of Clement street, 80:6 W of. Eighth ave
nue. W 2« by S 100; gift.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to John C. and
Mary A. Pierce,' lot on E line of Second ave
nue. 50 N of B street, N 25 by E 105; $10. .
Henry ¦ Dederky Jr. - to George S. ' Graham,
lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 234 Nof D
street.. N BO by E: 120: $10. ¦
. Robert wid Christine F. ¦ McMillan to . Lil
ian O'Hara and Grace O. Livermore,: lot ; on
S line of J street. 82:6 W. of Forty-sixth ave-'
nue. W- 25 by S 100: $10.
German la Build lnK and Loan Association' to
Thomas and s Nannie Llewellyn, lot on N line
BUISUN, Nov. 23. — John Lewis. GeorVre
HlcUey. Walter Hardy and John Clark
pleaded guilty In the Superior Court here
to-day to the charge of burglary and
were sentenced as follows: Hardy, one
year in San Quentin Prison; Lewis and
Hickey. two years in Folsom Prison.
Clark, a boy. was sent to the Preston Re
form School.
ROME. Nov. 23. — Dr. B. F. Decosta.
formerly an Episcopal | minister of New
York, 'who was ordained a subdeacon in
the Roman priesthood November 15, was
to-day decorated a deacon by the Bishop
of Fiesole. near Florence.
ROME. Nov. 23. — The prefect of Turin
has forbidden the manifestations organ
ized there against the immigration of the
religious orders expelled from France.
Notwithstanding the prohibition, ten so
cieties held meetings to-day, which were
broken up by the police.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 23.— Robert L. Ru
dolph, former Alderman, was arrested to
night on a charge of soliciting and ac
cepting a bribe of $1000 for securing the
passage of a sidetrack ordinance for the
Milwaukee Malting Company.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 23.— Hunters to
day found the body of an unknown man
on the marsh near Ravenswood Landing.
It is Impossible from the information re
ceived to identify the person or to learn
the cause of death.
LONDON. Nov. 23.— It is rumored that
the house of the late Duke of Richmond,
on Belgravia Sounre, v.ill be purchased
for the T'nlted States embassy.
FLINT. Mich., Nov. 23— George J. Sle
gle o* Port Huron, Mich., supreme l-econl
keeper of the Maccabees of the World,
died in a sanitarium here to-day.
LAREDO, Tex., Nov. 23. — The cold
weather of the past week has worked
wonders toward stamping out the yellow
fever. The physicians believe the end
of the epidemic is in sight.
BERLIN, Nov. 23. -The hearing of the
testimonies In the trial of the Countess
Isabel Kwalecki, charged with presenting
a false heir toan estate at Wroblewo, was
closed to-day and the pleadings begun.
VISALIA. Nov. 23. — C. H. Smith has
been appointed Marshal of this city,
to fill the unexpired term of G. R. Wat
son, who was lately deposed by order of
Judge Wallace of the Superior Court.
CHICAGO. Nov. 23. — Two non-union
men who applied for work at the plant
of the American Hide and Leather
Company, where a strike is in progress,
shot and seriously wounded, two mem
bers of a crowd of strike sympathizers
to-day. The men who did the shooting
escaped. It Is. claimed that, they were
being attacked by the crowd.
Two men, Joseph : Polachesky and
Anton Zimmooski, are sufepected by the
police of havlne done the "hooting.
They formerly beloneed to the union
and left It to go back in the tannery.
They were turned away by the fore
man and after they left the place were
set upon by a crowd of rioters. The
men ODened fire and two of their as
sailants fell to the ground. The rest
broke and ran, while the non-union
men made their escape.
Non-Union Men Resist Attack by
' Use of Pistol3.
TWO STRIKERS ARE SHOT.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Qlarence Commings, a negro, Is in the
City Prison charged with robbery. At
an early hour this morning Cummings
attacked Lorenzo Cervelll, a capitalist,
on Broadway, between Kearny and
Montgomery streets, and, after strik
ing Cervelli on the face, snatched his
victim's diamond and emerald pin and
started toward Montgomery street on
a race .for liberty.
Cervelli shouted for help and Police
man Silver and Special Policeman
Burge, hearing cries, started after the
fugitive. At the corner of Broadway
and Montgomery street Cummings ran
into the arms of Policeman O'Brien
and soon was in Irons on ; his way to
prison.
When he saw that capture was prob
able Cummings threw the stolen pin
into the street, where it was found and
booked as evidence against him.
Negro Assaults Capitalist, Snatches
His Diamond Pin and Makes Fu
tile Attempt to Escape.
FLEEING ROBBER RUNS \
INTO POLICEMAN'S ARMS !
Fred Pierson. cashier of the John Mar
tin Company, returned yesterday from a
business trip to New York.
A. A. Spence Jr., a member of the well
known family of San Jose, is registered
at the Occidental with his bride.
Lieutenant C. B. Evans of the British
army is a guest at the Palace, having
come West to meet his parents, who are
due to arrive on to-day's 'steamer from
the Orient. -; \-\f:
Dr. and Mrs. George F. Shiels are up
from San Mateo and registered at the
Palace.
T. G. Harrlman, proprietor of the Hotel
Riviera at Long Beach, is at the Occi
dental.
Garrison Turner, an attorney of Modes
to, Is at the Grand.
H. L. Plerson, a land agent of Sacra
mento, is at the California.
W. A. ' Macklnder, an attorney of St.
Helena, is at the California.
J. Morris Jones, a grain merchant of
Colusa, is staying at the Grand.
Dr. George M. Bradfield of the steam
ship Mariposa is at the Occidental.
R. Holliday and F. J. Escombe, London
tourists, are registered at the Palace.
H. Iindln, one of the leading merchants
of Fresno, registered at the Grand yes
terday.
J. M. Collins, a mining man of Nome, is
at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The reduction affected seventy-eight
mills In Fall River, operating nearly
25,000 hands, and about a score of cor
porations elsewhere In New England,
employing about 7000 operatives.
The Fall River Iron Works, operat
ing four printcloth mills, will cut down
wages next Monday and on that day
alF<" nearly all Rhode Island and Con
necticut manufacturers will adopt the
lower schedule. A cut in New Bedford
will go into effect in two weeks.
BOSTON. Nov. 23.— The first of the
numerous reductions in wages an
nounced in the cotton mills of South
ern New England .and at half a dozen
points outside of that territory went
into effect in all but one Fall River
factory and at a nsmber of outside
mills. Although about 32,000 operatives
had their pay cut down, no general
strike occurred in any -mill. To-day's
cut averages 10 per cent and places
the pay schedules on ». basis with those
paid previous to the advance of March.
1902. - ; . V:
Ten Per Cent Reduction Goes Into Ef
fect in South New England Mills.
GENERAL CUT IN WAGES.
At the close of the - programme th*»
members spent a pleasant half hour In
social chat and tea was served.
Mrs. Laura Young Pinney presided
at the meeting and was ably assisted
by-Mrs. Charles J. Newman.
• The California : Women's Whist
League held a reception to all its mem
bers last Thursday, afternoon, and
awarded the. prizes wpn in ; duplicate
series. Just , finished. Straight whist
was played for a special prize, which
was iwonl by. Mrs. J. Costello, who car
ried: off all the honors of the series by
making, the highest score, for* which
she received the handsome gold brace
let .donated by . Mrs. E. B. Grace, the
president. The next series will begin
on Thursday, , December 3.. There will
be no game on Thanksgiving day. , The
straight ; whist prize , on Monday was
' Miss Genevieva. Gleason skillfully
rendered some -'charming compositions
and a letter was read from the poet
Edmund Clarence Stedman, congratu
lating Miss Ina D. Coolbrith, a member
of the association, on her poetical writ-
Ings./ '¦'¦¦ .v . ;.
Miss Louise Grossett rendered a num
ber of songs, accompanied by Edward
Strickland, the composer, and her. su
perb contralto voice was a source ; of
pleasure to her auditors.
Madame Emilia Tojetti entertained
with an explanation of .harmony of
song:, music- and words,, by singing a
number of charming ballads that won
the hearts of all present- The gifted
singer was; forced to repeat some of
the harmonies and she made clear to
all the artistic skill "of. the composers
who brought out the ideas of the writ
ers of the poems set to music.
The Pacific Coast Woman's Press As
sociation held Its regular monthly meet
ing yesterday afternoon at Century
Hall, 1213 Sutter street, and a very en
joyable time was ssent by the mem
bers. The programme presented was
a varied one and was artistic in every
number.
Miss Anna Frances Briggs entertain
ed the gathering with a delightful re
cital of her wanderings in the studios
of Holland and her word pictures of
the quaint surroundings of the people
of that country were enjoyed to a
marked degree.
A weddinc of interest will occur to
morrow at high noon at the Church of
the Advent. The principals will be
Miss Rene Farjeon and Dr. Robert
Thomas Legge of McCloud. After the
marriage a breakfast will be served to
the bridal sarty at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. Chark Burnham, 1121 Devisa
dero street. A large number of friends
have been invited to the reception from
3 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
Dr. and Mrs. Russell H. Cool will give
a house party over Thanksgiving in
honor of Richard Hotallng's birthday.
The guests will be entertained at their
home, "Dotswood," at Loa Gatos.
Captain Emerson Warfield gave a
jolly little dinner at the California Ho
tel on Friday evening* in honor of Mr.
and Mrs. William Wesley Burnett, both
of whom were school friends at Stan
ford University. The table was decor
ated with pink carnations and aspara
gus fern. Among those prescent were:
Mr. and Mrs. Burnett, Miss Jennie Dun
phy, Mrs. Lucie M. Hayes, Dr. Arnold
Genthe, Richard M. Hotaling and Gen
eral and Mrs. Warfleld.
Mr. and Mrs. Burnett returned yes
terday to their ranch near San Luis
Obispo.
Mrs. "William Thomas, Mrs. Frank Bates,
Mrs. Henry Crocker, Mrs. Frederick Beaver.
Mra. Mlddleton, Mrs. Adam Grant, Mrs. Fred
erick Lake. Mrs. Wakefleld Baker, Mrs. Henry
Clarence Breeden, Mrs. Edward Pond, Mrs.
Cary Frlfcdlander. Mrs. Gerstle. Mrs. Daniel
Drysdale. Mra. Eugene Lent, Mrs. Douglas
Watson, Mrs. George Sherry, Mrs. Charles
Welsh. Mrs. George Boardman, Mrs. Willard
Wayman, Mrs. Frederick Klmble, Mrs. II. Al
ston V.'IlHams. Mrs. Hilda Baxter, Miss Bolton.
A delightfully informal card party
was given by Mrs. Charles Farquhar
son yesterday afternoon, at her home.
Seven-handed euchre was the game
and the prizes were handsome and well
worth "the rapture of pursuing." White
chrysanthemums comprised the artistic
decoration. The guests were:
Mrs. Kindleberger, Ml*s Dutton, lire. Harry
Mendell, ' Mra.' Thomas Uenton Darragh, Alls*
lA-ontlne Blakeman, Miss Emily Wilson, MIbb
Charlotte KHlnwood, Miss Katherine Dillon,
Miss Patricia- CosgTare, Miss Elizabeth Cole,
Miss Bernie Drown, ' Miss Ardella Mills, Miss
Gertrude Van 'Wyck, Mrs. Paul Bancroft, Mrs.
Stafford Parker, .Mrs. Malcolm %Henry. Mrs.
George Beardsley Jr., Misa Ed nan Robinson,
Mrs. George Toland Cameron, Mrs. John Rod
gers Clark. Miss Lottie Woods. Miss Huntsman
and Mt»s May Colburn.
Mrs. Grayson Dutton entertained at
luncheon yesterday in the Palm room
of the Palace Hotel. Covers were laid
for twenty-four. J3 The guests of honor
were Miss Gertrude Dutton and Mrs.
Charles Kindleberger, relatives of the
'hostess. The*, table was made artistic
with violets and pink roses, while cor
sage bouquets of violets were provided
for each guest. Everything was per
fectly arranged and those present were
delightfully entertained. The guests
.were: .
The men eligible to appointment as
commissionea officers in the army,
through having achieved the highest
rank in the regiment last year, are
Robert Sibley, Henry Bronson Dewing
and Alan P. Matthew.
But now, even in the face of the re
port of Captain J. A. Johnstone, the
last Inspecting officer, the War De
partment has seen fit to put the Uni
versity of California on the list of col
leges that have fulfilled the require
ments. It is taken by men interested
in military affairs as a change of heart
in the administration at Washington,
at the very least, and by some is con
sidered not flattering to the inspecting
olP.cer.
Captain Henry De H. Waite, com
manaant of the cadet regiment of the
University of California, "was informed
to-day through the United States army
regulations for 1904 that the University
of California is among the few colleges
of the country that have come up to
the governmental requirements in. the
matter of drilling. Of the forty-five
military colleges in the United States
but twenty-two are accredited at
Washington, indicating that the au
thorities have been watching the de
portment of th'e various organizations
rather closely. Three of these twenty
two are Pacific Coast colleges — Cali
fornia, Nevada and New Mexico. ' .
The acceptance of the University of
California is more significant ;than
would appear at first sight. It was
only a short time ago that the uni
versity fought hard against the pro
posal that the cadets drill three times
a week instead of two, besides impos
ing other military duties. Besides this
the reports of the inspecting officers
these last two years have not been
very kindly. All of which made peo
ple think that the position of the uni
versity was a bit shaky at Washing
ton.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Nov. 23.
While there was no one in the kitch
en, the. baby toddled up to the range
and opened four Jeta in the oven that
were within his reach. The volume of
gas that poured forth communicated
with a lighted burner on the top of the
stove and the explosion followed. Doors
and lids from the range were scattered
around with great force and the stove
and apartment in which it was located
were wrecked. Occupants of the house
were alarmed by the loud report and
went immediately to the assistance of
the helpless child. It was some .time
before the little fellow regained con
sciousness and allayed the f,ears of his
parents, who though,t*thelr son was fa
tally injured. •' "
ALAMEDA, Nov. 23. — Senator and
Mrs. Joseph R. Knowland's 2-year-old
son was blown against a wall, render
ed unconscious and severely injured
through the explosion of a gas range
in the kitchen of the family residence
on Everett street Saturday night. That
the child escaped instant death is
deemed remarkable, as pieces of the
stove , were hurled' all about him and
buried themselves in the plastering of
the. room.. .When the: little .fellow -.was
lifted from the floor by his mother he
was limp and bleeding from numerous
wounds. He is now thought to be out
of danger. - - ' - -
Senator Knowland's Son
- Hurt by Bursting
Stove.
Cadet Regiment Comes
Up to Military Re
. quirement.
ENTERTAINS
HER RELATIVES
AT LUNCHEON
The San Francisco, Oakland and San
Jose Railway will begin running
twenty-minute trains and boats over
its new ferry system next Saturday.
That announcement was made to-day
by General Manager Kelly, who has
given orders for a new schedule.
In order to be fully prepared for the
new schedule the new company's ferry
boats : Yerba Buena and San Jose
have been -.on the dry dock in turns
during the last forty-eight hours un
dergoing ¦ some alterations to assist
them in getting up more, speed. The
boats, will have to go a little faster
than they do now, for after consuming
seventeen minutes out of every twenty
minute trip, there will be only three
minutes left in' which to load and un
load. The twenty-minute service will
be in use between the hours of 6 a. m.
and 7 p. m. each day.
The new company is negotiating with
Mrs. A. L. Acheson f or, . the purchase
of a strip of land at University ave
nue and Stanford place, with the idea
of building a depot there. A depot for
the new system is demanded, as there
Is no accommodation now ( for passen
gers at the terminal.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 23.
The matrons and their young charge
were guests at the St. John Hotel, in
which happened to be located the head
quarters of the Daughters. It was at
this hostelry that Mips Clary first met
young Barrette, the clerk of the estab
lishment, and a casual acquaintance
quickly ripened into a love affair. The
betrothal was a hurried sequence of a
few meetings between the young
couple, who quietly planned their wed
ding, which was solemnized without
the least attempt at ostentation at the
residence of Rev. Dr. Verehaw, rector
of St. Michael's EpiscopaP Church.
Immediately after the wedding Mr."
and Mrs. Barrette departed for Bishop
ville, S. C, the home of the husband's
parents. According to the message re
ceived here late last night it was the
intention of the bridal pair to at once
proceed on to Wilmington, N. C. where
it is their plan to visit a Miss Mears.
and from there they will go to Mont
gomery. Ala. Their bridal trip will ex
tend to New York, from where the
bride expects to return to California
with her husband.
Strangely the early morning mail
brought to the bride's sister, Ethel, a
letter from Maybelle, in which she
briefly referred to an acquaintance she
had made of a Mr. Barrette, but In her
missive she conveyed not the slightest
hint of her matrimonial intentions.
During the hours of speculation Mrs.
Clary often remarked that she was con
fident that her absent daughter had
made a good selection in a husband,
and while discussing the marriage she
said that she knew the young couple
were fully deserving of the parental
blessing that had been telegraphed
them in response to the surprising mes
sage received the day before shortly
after the wedding had ta"ken place.
Late last evening the anxiety of the
Clarys was relieved by a telegram re
ceived by The Call, in which the facts
concerning the truly romantic nuptial
affair of Mr. and Mrs. Barrette were
revealed. It was an event that devel
oped out of the convention of the
United Daughters of the Confederacy,
recently held in Charleston, at which
Maybelle Clary, chaperoned by Mrs.
Stephens of Stockton and Mrs. Voorhies
of this city, was an attendant.
MEET AT HOSTELRY.
LETTER, PROM THE BRIDE.
Mystery no longer surrounds the iden
tity of Charlton Shannon Barrette, the
news of whose marriage to Miss May
belle Claxy of Stockton in Charleston
yesterday came as a great surprise to
the . young social favorite's many
friends and admirers in this city and
proved a painful shock to her parents.
The brevity of the message from
Charleston which first conveyed to Mr.
and Mrs. Clary at the Occidental Hotel
the news of their pretty daughter's
marriage caused them many hours of
anxiety, for repeated efforts to learn
by telegraph who Mr. Barrette is
proved fruitless. It- was long after
midnight before the parents of the
young bride retired and only then after
they had been convinced that the hour
of night had passed when they could
expect an answer to their message of
inquiry.
The greater part of yesterday was
also fraught with anxiety in so far as
the loving parents were concerned, for
still they were kept in ignorance as to
who their new son-in-law was.
Fred Westphal, the missing clerk, is a"
Bon of J. C. Westphal. the senior mem
ber of the firm of Westphal & Sons,
owners of the Bay, City Milling Com
pany. He is about 27 years of age and
for the last two months has resided at
the family home, 1463 Eighth street.
The young man was recently married
and for. some time after his marriage
he resided at 925 Taylor avenue, in Ala.
meda. Hia wife was with him at the
Westphal home. She can offer no ex
planations* of his disappearance.
"He was always a little wild, more so
than any of the rest of the' boys, but I
did not think it possible that he would
ever do a thing like this, and I hate to
believe it now."
"My brother is not "a member of the
firm, but is employed as a clerk in the
office. He generally goes to dinner at
11 o'clock and returns to let me off at
noon. I was not in the office when he
left to-day and when he did not return
on time I thought he had been delayed
at the house and I left the office to go
to dinner.
"When I reached the house I found
that he had not been home to lunch,
but at the time I did not think any
thing of it. I returned to the mill and
found that he had not come back, but
before I had. time to try and find out
where he was the loss of the money
was discovered. Of course, Fred's ab
sence was at once connected with the
disappearance of the cash, and as some
thing over $800 was missing we at once
notified the police.
"I can hardly believe that my brother
took the money, but what elSe can we
think? He was the only one who
was alone in the office this
morning and the money was cer
tainly In the safe when the office
was opened. It could not have been
taken during the night, for not only
was the safe locked this morning, but
we also have a night watchman in the
mill from the time it is closed at night.
"I don't know of any reason that
Fred could have for stealing the money.
as he was getting a salary of $80 a
week and had no heavier expenses than
any other young man In his position. I
do not think that he gambled, and 1
never know from my own knowledge
that he played the races, but of course
he might have done both and I would
not have known of it.
George Westphal was reluctant^to be.
lieve .that his brother had stolen the
money, but said that Fred wasithe only
one who was in the office alone during
the morning. He told the following
story of the disappearance of the
money:
Eight hundred dollars tftsappeared
from the* safe in the office of the Bay
City Milling Company, First and Clay
streets, shortly before noon to-day and
coincident with the disappearance of
the money Fred. Westphal, a brother
of the members of the firm, dropped out
of sight and has not yet been located.
The loss of the money was discovered
by George Westphal, the bookkeeper of
the firm, on his return from lunch, and
the theft was immediately reported to
the police. .. :^--
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Nov. 23.
Though Noone is registered at the
City Prison as only 19 years old his
father said the son was more than 21
years of age. Until a week ago young
Noone had been employed at Kendall's
planing mills. He will be arraigned
to-morrow morning In the Police Court.
Harry Orbell and Frank H. Fergu
son, the men who were held up by
Xoone. each swore to a complaint
against the young man. Had they
only known last night what the detec
tives discovered to-day that Noone's
pistol was unloaded Orbell and Fergu
son declare there would have been no
yielding to their assailant's demands.
Noone's weapon was found this
morning In the rear of the lot at 1133
Filbert street, where he threw* the re
volver after being brought to bay by
Deputy Sheriff A. B. Moffatt. In
Noone's possession when he was ar
rested was found $2 60, the exact
amount which was taken from Fergu
son and Orbell. The victims figured
closely and told the 'police this morn
ing that Orbell parted with $1 10' and
Ferguson with $1 50.
That Noone tried to involve a
woman's name in the robbery is the
statement of Deputy Sheriff Moffatt.
The prisoner hinted that he had com
mitted the crime -.to get; money with
which to purchase Jewelry for a girl.
A year or so ago Miss Julia Brasher,
residing at 1317 Fourteenth street, was
attacked at Poplar and Fourteenth
streets by a man, supposed to be a
footpad. Noone appeared on* the scene
as a gallant rescuer. .The pair have
been on intimate terms since and Miss
Brasher was an almost all-day visitor
at the Chief of Police's office to-day.
Miss Brasher, however/ declares that
she has yet to be informed that Noone
intended to buy her any jewelry and
she puts the suggestion away as
absurd.
After making a confession of guilt to
the men who captured him, Martin
JCoone, son of M. J. Noone, a pioneer
a»d highly respected citizen of West
Oakland, was formally accused to-day
on two charges of highway robbery as
the result of his midnight expedition
early this morning and subsequent
capture. » *
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Nov. 23.
The official coun.t of the recent elec
tion was completed yesterday and the
Election Commissioners have handed in
their returns. There was one change of
importance in the count and that was
the election of Hocks for Supervisor by
a. majority of 27, as against LouKhery,
who, on the semi-official count, was
elected by a majority of 64.
The total vote polled was 59.824.
In the final count Crocker lost 12.
Lane won 2 and Schmitz won 34.
Following is the official count:
mayor.
j-ufpr.e t,. :»rnrr.nz <L. L.) 2*j,0.>0
Henry J; Crocker <R.) 19.6U9
rranklin K. Lane <D.) 12,58"©
Frank R. Whitney <S.) 1,091
Auditor.
Harry Baehr <P..) 20.305
Frank Conklln OJ. L.) 14,772
"William Brodertck (D.) 14,52"
W. 11. Hot* (S.) 11.813
City Attorney.
rercjr V. Long: Hi.) 2.1524
William G. Rurke «U. L.) 15.C03
W. W. Sanderson (D.) 15 3C2
;..-::• Brown <S.) 1.0SO
Sheriff
Peter J. Curtis (D.-V. L.) 33,549
llrr.ry H. Lynch in.) 23 21.1
Louis I. Salinger <S.) 1521
Assessor.
Wartlmrton Dodjre <D.) 35.440
George II. Bahrs <R.) ltl 050
Charles ];•:.! <?.) 1,307
Tax Collector.
Edward J. Smith (R.) 29 2S4
Miles L. Farland <U. L.) . 13,132
John T. Vinal <D.) 10,631
Geonre William* <S.) 1,S16
John E. McDougald <R.-U. L.) 41.724
W. M. Hinton <D.) 12.OT.3
John Measc-r (S.) „ 1,5C5
Esmond GcxJchaux (D ) 24 921
John C Williams <L\ L.) 14. a*tf
Louis X. Jacobs iR.) 14,173
6. Schmulowitz <S.) 1,472
County Clerk.
John J. Greif <R> 23 S0O
Powel FroOrkk (U. L.) 10 575
Alfred W.he (D.) 14,02»
Andrew Soren«>n <S.) 1,408
District Attorney.
L**is F. n.Mnston (D.-V. L.) 39 RXS
Edward f= Salomon <R.) isiott
J. B. Wells ,S.) 1M6
Coroner.
T. B. W. ;.. :n:.-i <D.) 25 SSS
John F. ,..,,- n <t.". L.» 10.447
Thomas U. Morris <R.) *13:>2S
N. J. B. Schulti (S.) llSiO
Public Administrator.
M. J. Hynee ,D.» 25 tlfi
William E Lutz iR.) 17,507
J. J. t.'onnnllj- <l". L,.) 12 277
J. M. Sutherland <P.) l!553
Supervisors.
L. A. Rei <R.-U. L.) SOOCC
<"harie 8 Boxton (R.) 23,127
tfamufi Uraunhert (!).> !!22'm!»9
A. *:omie Jr. (D.) 'J^'.i'j:'.
II. L'. Br£nden*t<-in <D.) 22^86
Fred EgKcru (R.) 21^812
A. A. iJ'Anoona (D.) 2l'a5«i
Kdw&i'd R. Rock (U.) 2O.C6S
Kred X. Kent (R.) '*0,bi£i
Tht<xjoro LunMrdt (R.) "i> !•>"
Her.ry Payot U).) !2ti!470
W. W. PandfTHon (R.) 19,284
John Connor <1>.) IN .T;!.",
Th«.raa« K. Finn (I". L.) 19,'lati
George Ali«r» <R.) 19.01* ;
.'ii^if? P. Rixdh <D.) is S.V) :
George B. Mt-<*lrl!an <D.) 18.«53 I
Oecar Ilocko ID.) ' 17,S«4
Robert J. Loughery (D.) 17 337
Kdward' I. Walsh <L*. L.) 17 «s>; '
Maxwell McNutt (II.) 174»44
John A. Lynch (D. » 17JS39
M. W. Coffey (U. L.) 17.272
Edward H. Aigeltinger (R.) 17.209 I
Krwl A. Gra*»r d».> l«.SC»|
Robm Vaase <R.) l6,8c>G,
Jow-jih S. Nr'aml (R.) I6.S0S
Horace Wilson (R.) 16.70(5
Goorse H. Wdlf iH.) lti.54-1
Frank J. Giacf <D. > 10,318
Edward II. G:ea«on (D.) 10.313
Orl \\>sterffl<j <I>.» 10/I77
Maurice L. Afher <R) IP 0tO
Fred W. Ktyrr (V. U) 15.928
Georse Dietterle «R.» 1S.8G9
Harry A. Knox <V. L.) 15 84'5
J. J. Furey IV. L.) «.ir..«Sl
11. J. Kerrican (C L.) lu.234
.Tohn Harr"tt <l>.» 15.OS.T
William Barton (R.) 15,008
Cary Friedlander (D.) 14.1WS
Charlcn a. Flfkron fU. I*) 14.S7;;
.T. F. Jewel! (U. L.) 14,00
Thomas C D-'ff «ft.> 14..19(»
W. .1. Hnlman <t\ L.) 14.34:)
K. W. Kent <.!'. L-> 14.270
John Rutherford U*. L.) 14 245
C. F. Buckley <C L.) 14,17n
James Xicol CD. D 14.101
T. J. Clancy <l\ L.) 14.031
J. I. Stephen <R.) .13.8»S
E. J. Dearer iV. L.) 13.«:5«i
G. G. Vlckerson OJ. L.) .13.4K0
Rruc<! A. Meyer <P.) l.C«7
Oscar Johnson <S.) 1.870
Charles Ott fS.) 1,.VK»
I. Roser.Wat <S> 1.5W
F. Roth^nt=U'!n <S.) l.r,50
A. G. Chamber'.Jn (S.) 1,549
Oywnld SPifert fS.) 1.544
L. W. Llr.dKr*n <S.) I.SU
Georce Xlftx-t <S.> l..%43
William Coftloy <S.) l.Ka
J. C. Wesley (S.) l.. r .2O
A. J. Oliver (&) « 1.4S3
George Kr.auft <?.).. 1.474
A. J. Slrelle rS.) 1.473
Hujro Lott!n (?) 1.470
I. Fherikan <S.) 1.425
Olaus Gafv*rt (S.) 1.42*
A. Schlieper <S.) 1,420
Police Judges.
Geonr* H. Cabantfs (D.-U. L..) 31.G23
F.dtnund P. Moffan (D.-U. I*) 33.070
Kdwin M. Fweeney <R.) lfi.291
Het.ry t«- Joachlmsen (R.) 17.456
Charles B. Kiler <S.) l.r.30
B. Eranler (S.) 1,527
Hecks' Majority Over Lough
ery Is 27— Total Vote
59,824.
Negotiating for the Purchase
of Land for Terminal
Depot.
Fred Westphal Leaves to Go
to Lunch and Fails
to Return.
Romantic Side of Daughter's
Wedding in Charleston
13 Kevealed.
Footpad Tells Officers About
Jewelry He Intended
to Buy.
PUTS UNIRSIIY
ON ARMY'S LIST
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— Every year for
forty-two years the warriors of Com
pany A of the Fifth Regiment of the
National Guard have given a ball on
Thanksgiving eve. They have laid
aside musket and sword, the military
bugle call has been superseded by the
strains of the waltz and the game of
war has given way to social amuse
ment on these gladsome occasions.
The forty-third of these events will
be given Wednesday evening, and in
stead of the great, barnlike armory,
the soldiers of the State will dance in
Maple Hall, Particular efforts will be
made this year to have the decorations
of unusual merit. Electric lights to
the number of 1500 will be. used, while
more than 500 flags will add color to
the walls. There will be special music,
and the indications are that the ball
will exceed in brilliancy and previous
efforts. In fact there has been so much
interest in- the affair that it was found
necessary to hold it in Maple Hall, the
armory being entirely too small. . . :
Company A of the Fifth Regiment
is the oldest National Guard- organiza
tion in the State, having been in ser
vice since 1861 without being disbanded.
GAS EXPLOSIO
INJURES CHILD
Reception — Captain E. S. Hunt. Lieutenant
F./W.-. Peterson: .Quartermaster Sereeant, M."
Herman, Servant* C.E. ; Ellis. ..¦-'." •¦ ' •
Floor— Manager, "•, Captain K. S. Hunt;: as
sistant manager. Corporal A. Boas; chief aid,
ttyroral P. N. Winlund; assistant aid. Quar
termaster Sergeant -'M. Herman; floor commit
teemen. Sergeant ; L - E. Francis and Corporal
E. W.. Berquest. ¦ .', . . .. , . , a*
Press — I-ieutehan# F. W. Peterson and'Pri
vates Maurice Stewart and H. B. Klinkner. -
Annual ball committee— Chairman. Lieuten
ant Charles E. Poulter; eecretary. Sergeant It.
E. York; assistant secretary Corporal P. N.
Winlund. - ;-. ' >
It has alweyg been a crack militia or
ganization and many of the most
prominent people in the State have
arisen from the ranks of this same
Company A: It was in this company
that Governor Pardee was first a pri
vate, and from it he finally graduated
as captain. Its records are closely in
terwoven with the history of Cali
fornia, and the "Old Guard 2." com
posed of ex-members of the organiza
tion, meets once a year to banquet and
tell stories of the past, when they were
all boys in blue together. All of the
members of the "Old Guard" have been
invited for this occasion, including
Governor Pardee. '
.• The committees in charge of the ball
are: . ¦ - r i >
Parents of Miss Clary
Finally Relieved of
Their Anxiety. .
Commissioners Submit
Final Returns of the
City Election.
Office Safe of Bay City
Milling Company Ri
fled of $800.
Martin Noone Hints
That Love Turned
Him Robb9r.
New Perry System Will
Give People Fast
Service.
Forty-Third Social Function of the Oldest
Guard Organization of the State to Be
Held in Maple Hall on Thanksgiving Eve
OFFICIAL COUNT
IS COMPLETED
BLESSING GOES
TO BRIDAL PAIR
TRAINS TWENTY
MINUTES APART
CLERK MISSING
AND MONEY GONE
BLAMES CUPID
FOR HIS CRIME
COMPANY A PREPARING
FOR ITS ANNUAL BALL
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1903.
Monday, November 23.
Strnr Eureka, Jessen, 32 hours from Eu
reka.
Sehr Mary C, Camrbell, 9 hours from Bo-
DOM ESTIC PORT&
ABERDEEN — Arrived Nov 23 — Stmr Co
qullle River, hence Nov IS.
6alle$ Nov 23— Bchr F. S. Redfleld, for Ban
Francisco.
I OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
ICov 23. 12 p m— A bark.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency, were filed yes
terday as follows in the United States
District" Court: C. E. Spraker, candy
dealer, Susanville, liabilities $1735 as
sets 580. He filed the "pauper's oath"
in lieu of the. fees. Patrick J. Griffin
carpenter, Oakland, liabilities $475. no
assets. HHBHHMHM
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
OAKLAND. Nov. 23.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Louis Anderson,
40, Vallejo, and Johana C. Carlson. 35,
Oakland; Joseph Medina, 28. and Mary
Roee. 16. both of Livermore; Celestlnon
Calderon, 26, and Mrs. K. Phillips. 26.
both of Oakland; John Costa, 26, Oak
land, and Mary J. Rapose, 18, San
Leandro; William L. Shiels. over 21,
San Francisco, and Elsie B. Bennet,
over IS, Oakland; Andrew McNair, 28
and Minnie Wilson, both of Oakland-
Albert N. Duff, 26. and Andree Chave
lire. 21, both of Oakland; Frank Lopez,
25, and Emma Hover, 24, both of Ala
meda.
Marriage Licenses.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— The reports of the
conclusion of . an Anglo-Italian arbitra
tion treaty are denied at the Foreign Of
fice and the Italian embassy. :
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WOMAN'S HEALTH
Depends largely on the condition
of the stomach. If this import-
ant organ is allowed to become
weak/ Constipation *¦ develops.
Then follow Sick Head-
ache, Nervousness, Insomnia and
General Weakness. To preserve
health there is nothing, so good as
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It
will aid digestion, promote regu-
larity ' and cure Dyspepsia and
Constipation. A tri^l will con-
vince you of its value. For sale
by Druggists.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
BSIDGEWOBX AT COST.
Why w«ar a cumoertome plate that covers
the roof of the mouth when you can bav« teet.i
without? Our rrofesaor of bridge work per-
sonally superintends this work and furnishes a
written guarantee for 10 years. Painless Meth-
ods Cleaning Free. Graduates Only. Extrac-
tion Free. Weeks Days. » to 0; Sundays. » to 1.
POST-GRADUATE DE2TTAI. COZASOB
San Trandsco — 3 Taylor Straet. •
. Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
San Jos« — 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento — 407 H . J Street.
|BHEUM'ATISM t HK|
jIHeipleM. thjslcal aad Financial noffarno lon^erH
HForinforcadtton.irrlta SAN LUiS HOT 8UL-J9
Bfhur springs, san Luis obispo. CalU'-'¦ The great 'trouble with .people who
can't sing Is that everybody else finds it
out before they do. •
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 23.— It developed to-day
that the sergeant o f the Marine Corps who
was Fhot and killed mysteriously last ni*ht
was James W. Eck. and not Fercuson. as at
first reported. He was here on recruiting
service. The police are as yet unable to solve
tne mystery of his 'death.
Vice Admiral Passes Away.
BRESLAU, Prussia, Nov. 23.— Vice Ad
miral von Waldersee, brother of Field
Marshal von "Waldersee, died yesterday
at Miesendorf. ,; : . .¦
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 23. -The
French bark M.; de Turenne, Captain
Roux, arrived at Port Los Angeles late
this afternoon. 163 days from Antwerp.
She. is the last but one of the five over
due vessels expected at that port. She
was nearly thirty, days overdue,,. the
delay, having, been caused by a series
of northwest : gales • after ; she" rounded
Cape Horn. All on. board are well. .The
vessel is laden with railroad | iron, ce
ment and a" small 'general -cargo. -
Overdue French Bark Arrives.
On the California Northwestern Bail
way.
On Thaalcsciving day. Thursday. November
y>. the California Northwestern Railway will
tell ticket* from Ran Francisco to all points
•v.^ntioned below at half rates or one fare for
li« round trip, with limit of return Friday,
•-""vetnber 27:
St. Vincent. Ienario, Novato, Petaluma. Co
•ati. Banta Ilosa. F"ulton, .Windsor, Healds
ourg:. Lyttom. Oeyserville. Astl. CloverdaJe,
1'rwton. Hopland, Gucrnevllle. Ehellvllle,
Vinehunt. Sonoma, Apua Cailente. Glen Ellen
Kebartopol. Ukiah, Calpella, Urdwood Valley, '
L*uchlln, TVlllits.
Tickets will be on sale at Tilrtiron ferry on I
rhack£Kivliiff fiay. - • i
HALF BATES
FOB THANKSGIVING
COPENHAGEN, Nov. 23.— The Norwe
gian bark Capella, bound from Arendal,
Norway, for Table Bay, Cape Colony, has
been wrecked off Borbjerg, Jutland. The
crew of fifteen men were drowned.
Fifteen Drown in Wreck.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 23.— The griev
ances of the street carmen against the
Pittsburg Street Railway Company
have • all been, adjusted. Rezln . Orr,
national treasurer, won came here' from
the' headquarters at Detroit to take
charge of affairs, says the company is
disposed to show the men fair treat
ment and all thoughts of striking have
been abandoned."
as bookkeeper, and who had j decamped
with a large . sum of his money.
Prom this * clew Jenkins' wife was
found In White Plains, N.' Y., and she
identified pictures found in William
son's, effects. Other letters were re
ceived from Mrs. Jenkins which made
the Identification positive. She related
that Jenkins was a native of North
Carolina and was given a college edu
cation there.
Pittsburg Carmen Satisfied.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— The State
Department has been , advised that an
Italian warship has arrived at San Do
mingo. It also was notified that a Ger
man warship had started from St.
Thomas for the same place.
SAN DOMINGO, Republic of Santo
Domingo, Sunday, Nov. 22.— President
Wos y Gil, in his efforts to bring about
a peaceful arrangement with >the In
surgent forces which are besieging this
city, to-day called on United States
Minister Powell, the Belgian ' Minister,
the Minister of Haytl and the Spanish
Consul to visit' the insurgent camp.
Consequently an armistice was agreed
upon, to expire at noon, and. the peace
commission consulted with . the insur
gent leaders. The latter, however,', re-;
fused to, entertain the; peace proposals
and demanded the surrender of the
city, but they prolonged^ the armistice
until 6 o'clock this evening.
The United States Minister's resi-
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 23.— It was dis
covered that the man who died at the
County Hospital several weeks ago.
and whose name was supposed to have
been Charles H. Williamson, was real
ly, Edward S. Jenkins, a .much wanted
defaulter from New York. The dis
covery: was made through papers found
among his effects, which had been left
in charge of • Secretary Hunter . of the
"tf. M. C. A.
Among , the papers left by decedent
was a ; package - of notes and checks
amounting to 528,000, signed by M. C.
Kervan. £ Several promissory, notes also
were! found for quite. large sums, pay
able Uo.. the same ; man. The Orange
Growers', Bank helped , Secretary Hun
ter to, get into communication with
Kervan." : -He - wrote that the dead man
was, : in j his ; opinion, Edward S. ; Jen-'
kins, who formerly had worked. for him
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.-Senator Quay
to-day Introduced a bill granting state
hood to Oklahoma. The bill is the same
which was intoduced in the House on No
vember 19 by Pelegate McGuire.
Oklahoma Statehood Bill.
PORT COSTA, Nov. 23.— While . en
tering the slip on this side of the
straits at 10:30 this morning, with the
delayed train aboard., the -big
ferry Solano broke a crosshead and
had to be taken off her run for repairs.
It will be several days before she will
\be able to carry passenger and freight
trains. In the meantime the Portland
and Ogden passenger, trains will run
by way of Stockton and local trains
via South Vallejo. *
Big Ferry-Boat Solano Disabled.
Man Who Died in Hos
pital Found to Be a
Defaulter.
Italy Sends Vessel and
Germany Is W^ell
Represented;
CENTERVILLE, Iowa, Nov. 23.— The
funeral of ex-Governor Drake was held
to-day under the auspices of the St.
John's Commandery, Knights Templar!
The body lay in state for three hours and
was viewed by thousands.
Funeral of Ex-Governor Drake.
PAPERS REVEAL
A HIDDEN CRIME
BUTTE. Mont.. Nov. 23.-A Dillon spe
.c!al to the Miner cays that George Pol
lack, convicted of the murder of Richard
Martin, has been sentenced to ten years
in the penitentiary. Pollack shot Martin
during a row over a drink of whisky.
Murderer Gets Ten Years.
SUISUN, Nov. 23. — The trial of George
Pensacola for the murder of Fred Potter,
on Suisun Bay, August 18, was begun in
the Superior Court here to-day. The
principal part of the day was spent in
impaneling a Jury. The prosecution Is
being conducted by District Attorney T.
T. C. Gregory and the defense by Archie
Campbell and Charles S. Perry of San
Francisco. The plea will be self-defense.
The case has attracted wide attention,
owing to the mysterious motive for the
crime. The evidence, will be largely; cir
cumstantial, as there was no eye-witness
to the affair. Pensacola and Potter were
both fishermen and the- crime committed
in a boat on the water several miles
from land. After the crime Pensacola
fled from the State and was captured in
British Columbia.
Jury Selected to Hear Testimony in
. the Mysterious Case of Pen
sacola.
SLAYER OF FISHERMAN
ON TRIAL AT SUISUN
BERLIN, Nov. 23.— Emperor William
has directed the German authorities to
officially recognize the republic of Pan
ama. An announcement of the recog
nition of the new state is expected
daily.
Kaiser Recognizes Panama.
•DENVER, Nov. 23.— A special to the
Republican from Casper, Wyo., says
the Sheriff and his prisoner. Tom
O'Day, stopped to-night about forty
miles from Casper. He came by an
unusual route and missed both the
would-be rescuers and the posse com
ing to his assistance.
Sheriff Dodges O 'Day's Rescuers.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— The State
Department has been notified by the
Minister from Panama that Ramon
Arias Feraud Jr. has been appoined
Consul | for Panama at San Francisco,
he being the second Consul named by
that republic.
Consul to San Francisco.
When Captain Breckwoldt learned
what had happened, the matter having
been reported to him by another mem
ber of the crew, he found the first offi
cer lying unconscious in the hold, two
members of the crew dead there and
another member of the crew so ill that
within an hour he too was dead.
The investigation which followed
showed the part which the sailmaker
had had in the matter,^*and inasmuch
as two of the dead men were those who
had had fights with him he was placed
In Irons. The three dead seamen were
buried at sea and every possible means
taken to save the life of the poisoned
first officer. For days the life of this
man was despaired of and he was in a
serious condition when the vessel
reached port. His life was saved only
by reason of the fact that as soon - as
he swallowed the poison he. realizing
the character of it, took a drink of
whisky, the best possible antidote for
carbolic acid poisoning.
Certain threats which the sailmaker
had made against members of the crew
caused suspicion to attach to him and
the captain believed that he had will
fully caused the death of at least two
of the seamen. He was therefore placed
in irons, not on a charge of Insubordi
nation, but on that of murder, and he
will be kept in irons until the vessel
reaches San Francisco and then will be
turned over to the German authorities.
also drank of the poison which had
been opened by the sailors.
THREE SEAMEN DEAD.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
TOPEKA, Kans., Nov. 23.— During
Sunday night Albert Bigely, Grant
Jones, Joe Dwlggins and Hawti Weth
erly. State prisoners, sawed the bars
of the City Prison and vanished. Weth
erly was recaptured this morning. He
said the wife of Albert Bigely slipped
the saw with which the work was ac
complished into the Jail on Sunday
afternoon. All of the men had their
cases set for hearing at the present
term of court.
Prisoners Saw Their Way Out.
COLON, Nov. 23.— A decree issued at
Cartagena, November 16th. sets forth
that no steamships shall be allowed to
clear from Cartagena for Colon or en
ter Cartagena coming from Colon. All
the foreign consuls and steamship
agents at Cartagena have protested
without effect against the decree.
Colombia Refuses Clearance to Ves
¦ sels To or From Panama.
Warring upon commerce.
SHIP'S LOG TELLS STORY OF HORROR
CHICAGO. Nov. 23.— After private fu
r.^ral services, attended by the widow and
a few intimate friends, the body of
Julian A. Kebler, president of the Colo
rado Fuel and Iron Company, who died
Fiiddesly in Denver on Friday, was cre
mated here to-day at Graceland Ceme
tery.
Kebler's Body Is Cremated.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— Because of
the large number of desertions from
British vessels while in port at San-
Francisco, the British Embassy has
furnished to the State Department evi
dence against alleged "crimpers" in San
Francisco that will, It is believed, result
in a rigid investigation and possibly a
number of prosecutions. The embassy
officials assert that the so-called "Sail
ors' Home" at San Francisco is head
quarters for "crimpers."
Statistics collected by the Commis
sioner of Navigation show that there
were 638 desertions from sixty-four
British vessels, carrying 1778 men. Brit
ish ships from Australia have .suffered
desertions amounting to 27 per cent
•ana those from Europe 43 per cent. In
the opinion of the Commissioner of
Navigation Congress has power to
remedy the present conditions by pro
viding that only regularly licensed
agents shall be allowed to supply sea
men to vessels. The State Depart
ment, it is understood, has • sounded
the British Government on this point.
The Commissioner, who has prepared
an exhaustive report on the question
lor submission to Congress, does not
find that the Sailors' Home is responsi-"
ble for deseiti^ns, but he suggests that
the British Consul General at San
Francisco, if put on the executive com
mittee of the home, would be in a bet
ter position to prevent "crimping."
British Embassy Makes
Complaint to Wash
ington.
The sale of the Mariposa (Cal.) farm
consignment followed. The highest
prices were brought -by the bay filly,
Queen's Heiress, sold to A. L. Thomas
of Omaha for $130. Hand Spring, a bay
horse, 2:23*4, sold to A. J. Welch of
Hartford, Conn., for $2600, and Con
seula S., bay mare, 2:12Vi. sold to C. P.
De Ryder of New York for $1250.
One of the features of the evening
sale was the disposal of Red Wilkes,
fcaled in 1874, and now at 29 years
showing but little trace of his age. This
old bay horse is the sire of numerous
progeny, three of which have, gone In
2:10, twenty-three in 2:15 and fifty-one
in 2:20. He Is termed the greatest
living sire of trotters. He Is by George
Wilkes-Queen Dido and Is a grandson
of Hambletonlan. He was sold to
Powell Bros, of Shadeland, Pa., for $775.
Eighty-one horses of the Mariposa
Farm string had been sold when the
sale closed to-night, at a total of $23,765.
Monbells, a bay horse (2:23%) brought
$500 from Harry Orr of Reading, Pa.,
and Rowena, a bay mare (2:17), brought
$875 from Henry Muhlbacs of Wheeling,
W. Va. Others of the string sold at
prices ranging down to $200.
About 200 buyers from all parts of the
country were in attendance. In all
fifty-one head from the Palo Alto
stable v:ere sold for $19,955, an average
price of $385. Expressive, a 12-year-old
mare, 2:12*4, by Electioneer, was sold
to John M. Dickenson of New York
for $1700, and Sunollto, a 6-year-old
mare, went to A. L. Thomas of Oma
ha for $425.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— At the ninth
annual Old Glory auction sales of light
harness horses, conducted by the Fa
sig-Tipton/Company, which opened to
day in Madison Square Garden, the
first consignment to be sold was that
from Palo Alto farm in California, the
last of the string of the late Senator
Lcland Stanford. Of these the mare
Helena (2:llVi) brought $1050, R. H.
Shaughnessy of Kirkwood, Del., being
her Durchaser.
PAPEETE. Tahiti, Nov. 11. — The Queen
Consort of Manitia, Cook Island, with 130
relatives, recently arrived here to visit
the Queen Consort. Mme. Mauro Salmon,
whose husband was formerly King Po
mare V of Tahiti. Since their arrival
there has been a grand succession of
hula-hula chants and dances, the natives
accompanying the dancers by beats on
hollow logs. A feature of the occasion
was the landing of the visiting party at
the old royal landing place on the sea
shore. The party was received in grand
style.
Natives of Tahiti Make Much Ado on
Arrival of Sovereign of
Manitia.
VISITING QTJEEN" CONSORT
GREETED WITH POMP
WARSHIPS HURRY
TO SAN DOMINGO
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— Rear Ad
miral Coghlan, commanding the Carib
bean squadron, cables to the Navy De
partment from Colon under date of No
vember 21 that General Reyes, the spe
cial commissioner of the Bogota Gov
ernment, tenders his sincere thanks to
President Roosevelt and Secretary of
the Navy Moody for his gracious treat
ment at Colon by our naval force. Ad
miral Coghlan confirms the press dis
patches that General Reyes has depart
ed for Washington via Port Limon,
Costa Rica, for a confernce with Dr.
Amador, a member of the Panama
commission, and others in the United
States. Before his departure he in
formed Admiral Coghlan that the Pan
ama Government had cabled Dr. Am
ador to await his. (Reyes 1 ) arrival. Ad
miral Coghlan further reports that
General Reyes expects to make amica
ble relations with the special commis
sioners for Panama now In Washing
ton.
The Navy Department also has re
ceived a cablegram from Rear Admiral
Glass, commander in chief of_ the Pa
cific squadron, from Panama, under
date of the 21st, saying that the con
ference of General Reyes and the au
thorities of Panama was without re
sult and that General Reyes had sailed
for the United States.
It is believed here that, aside from a
proposition for Panama to assume part
of the Colombian foreign debt General
Reyes' main purpose is to advance the
suggestion that the capital of Colombia
be transferred to the City of Panama.
This is equivalent to the annexation of
Colombia by Panama. The opinion in
official circles here is that, though flat
tering, the proposition will be rejected
by the Panama commission if for no
other • reason than because through
sheer weight of numbers the Colom
bians soon would control the adminis
tration of the reunited republic and the
situation as. to Panama would be as it
was before the revolution and separa
tion.
dence was destroyed during the pre
vious bombardment. The inhabitants
of .this city are In a state of panic.
The Italian third-class cruiser Liguria
and the Dutch j armored cruiser De
Ruiter have arrived here. The DomlnU
can warship Presidente went j to Azua
de Compostela.'abont sixty miles from
here, last night. . . . ,
The sanitary condition, of : San Do
mingo Is good, but the poor are suffer-,
ing from want of food. The prices of
provisions are very high. , ; .-.-.; ..
I am asked for information cpncernlne the
attitude of France. Here Is what has been
done. Having received notice ' that Panama
had constituted herself an Independent re
public, we had only to consider the necessary
conditions for the maintenance of order what
guarantees she offered. From the French point
of view we have not been without apprehension
for some time. It ,has be?n said at Bojsrota
for several months . that . the decision of the
Colombian Government prolonging the canal
concession was open to dispute, and that in
1904 the concession might be declared to have
lapsed. If this theory had ever been put
PARIS, Nov. 23.— Foreign Minister
Delcasse addressed the Chamber of
Deputies to-day in reply to questions
regarding campaign affairs. He opened,
with a statement in reference to the
Panama question, saying:
Delcass« Tells Why Panama Republic
Was Recognized. .
EXPLAINS FRANCE'S COURSE.
Sir Chen Tung Liang Cheng, the Chi
nese Minister, called at the State De
partment to-day to officially notify
Secretary Hay that his Government
had authorized him to extend the rec
ognition of China to the Panama Gov
ernment on the same terms as those ac
corded by the United States. -
Beaupre's status remains unchanged
so far as the officials here know, and
notwithstanding the menacing tone of
the notes addressed to him by the Co
lombian Minister for Foreign Affairs
as sent out in the press dispatches
from B.ogota the State Department does
not consider . that there has : been a
breach in the relations between the
United States and Colombia. The fact
that the Colombian Legation here is
still open for business under instruc
tions from Bogota is confirmatory evi
dence of the fact that there has been
no rupture of relations.
Beaupre has informed the Minister of
Foreign Affairs that the United States
has recognized Panama and has ex
tended our good offices to patch up
peace. The Colombian answer to this
last proposition has not yet been re
ceived.
forward officially we would not have accepted
It. It was our strict duty to demand from
the republic, of Panama assurances that all
French Interests. Including tne cana! conces
sion, be respected. This assurance had been
given us In decisive form, the following being
the textual form of th*» promise:
"The republic of Panama solemnly, ex
pressly and definitely pledges itself to vig
ilantly protect French Interests and to main
tain and interpret tn their widest sense the
contracts . made before November 3, which, re
ferring to the Isthmus, follow the transmission
of sovereignty and bind the Independence of
Panama. All these contracts are maintained,
notably the contract prolonging th« concession
until 1910."
Delcasse continued:
Under these conditions we had only to fol
low the example set by the United Slates and
permit our asrents to enter into relations with
all the agents of the new republic.
The declaration of the Foreign Min
ister was received with applause.
VALLEJO, Nov. 23- — On the afternoon
of Thanksgiving day there is to be a
crip race between picked men from the
Independence and other ships in port
and a team reoresenting the VaMeJo
Yachting and Rowing Club. Both sides
have been quietly, though zealously,
preparing Tor some time past. The
rrew representing the navy is made up
as follows: Cockswain, J. J. Howser;
stroke, Oa.rFir.an E. J. Nelson; second
ftroke, H. J. Gardner; third stroke, J.
P. Carey; bow, C. F. Sefbom; second
bow, J. J. Hyde; third bow, J. J. Des
mond. The definite choice of the Val
lejo crew has not yet been made.
Crews to Compete at Vallejo.
Last of the Late Sena
tor Stanford's String
Disposed Of.
SCENE IN THE CITY OP COLON WHEN* THE EMBLEM OF THE NEW REPUBLIC OF PANAMA WAS UN
FURLED FOR THE FIRST TIME, AFTER THE SECESSION OF THE ISTHMIAN STATE FROM THE CO
LOMBIAN UNION AND THE PROCLAMATION OF INDEPENDENCE.
A circumstance was recalled this
evening which adds to the murder the
ory. It is that an old German named
Ernest Hellam, who had quarreled with
the deceased, had died under peculiar
circumstances on July 12, 1902, In a hos
pital, and that before death, during his
delirium, he had mentioned the name
of Cartier and tried to tell something,
but died before so doing. Sheriff Nes
bitt will have the skull examined by
physicians and make a full Investiga
tion.
-SALINAS, Nov. 23.— The mystery of
the death of Alex Cartier, the French
rancher whose bones were found on the
San Juan hills, has deepened since the
investigation and Inquest. The skull
was broken in several pieces and seem
ed to have been crushed by a fall or
heavy blows. The Opinion of the Jury
was that the man had been killed near
his home, that his body had been car
ried in a wagon to the top of a cliff
and thrown over.
Officers Are Baffled in Efforts to As
certain How Cartier Met
Death.
MYSTERY OF SKELETON
NOW DEEPER IN SALINAS
The German East Africa cotton crop
last season, produced under the direc
tion of some of Booker T. Washing
ton's pupils, totaled 150 bales. Fresh
sowing this year are expected to triple
this crop. Toproland, German West
.Africa, also yielded several hundred
bales. The German Chambers of Com
merce are energetically supporting the
development of cotton growing.'but it
is recognized that the growing of cot
ton In the German colonies must re
m»!n Inconsiderable until railroads into
the interior are built.
BERLIN. Nov. 23.— J. B. G. Becker
of Hockley. Texas, has been appointed
Government inspector of cotton on the
plantations of German East Africa.
llis headquarters will be at Dar-Es-
Salam. The official announcement of
his appointment was accompanied by
the statement that Becker formely held
th«j "honorable office of County Com
missioner."
WILL INSPECT COTTON
IN EASTERN AFRICA
German Authorities Say That Texas
Man Has Been Appointed to
th« Position.
Tony then went away and when
about a mile from the winery sent a
bullet into his own brain. Most of the
men were Italians.
When chided by the company. Tony
went into a furious rage, threw his rifle
to his shoulder and Eckhardt fell dead
with a bullethole clear through hia
body. Tony pulled the trigger again and
another man also fell. Then a third
received a shot in the arm. The now
frightened miners took refuge behind
closed doors and Tony sent a parting:
shot which splintered the center panel
of the door but failed to do further
damage.
As was the usual Sunday custom a
dozen or so miners gathered at the
winery and during the day all Imbibed
freely of Eckhardt's beverage. One of
the number, Dutch Tony, familiarly
called, became angry with Eckhardt
and threatened to kill him:
AUBURN. Nov. 23.— An over-abund
ance of wine was the cause of a whole
sale shooting last night in El Dorado
County. The affair occurred at Eck
hardt's winery on Oregon Bar, about
ten miles from here.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Terrified Men Crowd Into a Boom for
Shelter and Narrowly Escape
Lead Fired Through
the Door. .^ »
Drunken Revelry on Oregon
Bar Terminates in
Shooting.
SHE OF HORSES
FROM PALO ALTO
The committee on boycotts recom
mended the greatest caution in estab
lishing boycotts.
In adjourning the convention Presi
dent Gompers declared that it had been
unquestionably one of the most mem
orable and significant conventions in
the history of the whole labor move
ment and that matters of the greatest
moment had been decided.
Furuseth closed by telling the conven
tion that Senators Platt of Connecti
cut, Lodge of Massachusetts. Hanna of
Ohio and Morgan of Alabama should
be watched with the greatest care.
"A few more I could name, but if I
don't mention them I will get along
better," were his words.
The report of the committee was con
curred In.
"'I tell you," he said, "and I want to
leave these words with you, that there
is in the Senate a party without a
name that deliberately and with malice
aforethought, step by step, is taking
from the working people every right the
men- have and that Is creating condi
tions which will make all your legisla
tion in- other directions of no use."
BOSTON, Nov. 23.— In the convention
of the American Federation of Labor
to-day the committee on grievances
handed in several reports. The con
vention accepted the recommendation
that no action .was necessary In the
case of the dispute between the riggers
and the bridge and structural iron
workers. A favorable report instruct
ing the Amalgamated Society of Car
penters to withdraw its members from
any work on which any union of the
United Societies of Carpenters have
struck was laid upon the table.
The report of the committee advocat
ing the reappointment by the executive
council of the legislative committee to
follow the legislation at Washington oc
casioned one of the most earnest de
bates. Delegate Barnes of Philadel
phia declared that the* committee was
unnecessary and he was supported by
other delegates. Duncan of the execu
tive committee defended it and he was
followed by another member. Delegate
Furuseth of San Francisco, the organ
izer of the Seamen's Union, and one of
the leading men of the convention. In
justifying the existence of the commit
tee Furuseth in a forceful manner de
livered an arraignment of the United
States Senate.
WILL SUPPRESS
THE "CRIMPER"
ROME, Nov. 23.— When the Cardinals
composing the Congregation of the Pro
paganda met to-day they received a
sharp reminder that they have at their
head, in the person of Prefect of Propa
ganda Cardinal" Gottl, a churchman of
clearly defined and strong opinions.
Those present at the meeting were Car
dinals Agliardi, Vannutelli. Segna,
Pierrote, Cassetta, Martinelll. Satolli,
Macchi, Delia Volpe and Gotti.
The Cardinal Prefect in his opening
address dwelt most earnestly on the
bad impression made on both the Pon
tiff and himself by the receipt of re
monstrances from Apostolic Delegates
and from Cardinals abroad against the
publication of the decisions of the Pro
paganda before they had been officially
informed of those decisions and even
before the decisions had been ratified
by the Pontiff. This matter had gone
so far, said Cardinal Gotti, that the re
sults of the meeting of the Propaganda
would be known in the United States
even before the meetings of the Cardi
nals had been actually concluded.
Continuing, Cardinal Gotti said that
he had in the strongest manner called
to the attention of all the clerks in
attendance on the Congregation of the i
j Propaganda that it was their duty to
observe the most complete secrecy, and
he wished to recommend the same
course not only to the secretaries, !
Monsignors Vacci and Savlli, but even
to the members of the Sacred College
themselves, although, he added,, he did
not suppose for a moment that any of
them would condescend to lower his
1 dignity by action contrary to the spirit
of the law regulating the affairs of the !
propaganda. j
Several Cardinals greeted the speech '
of the Cardinal Prefect by saying:
"Good," while others considered the
speech inopportune. These latter :
•thought that no damage could be done
to the interests of the church by the
publications of which the Cardinal
Prefect complained, as it was known
that the decisions of the propaganda
were not valid until ratified by the
Pope, while on the other hand it was
pointed out that the decisions of the
congregation were rarely rejected by
the Pope.
Some of the Cardinals expressed the ,
opinion that it would be assuming too j
much in these days of wireless j
telegraphy to hold that the announce
ment of appointments made by the I
congregation could be leisurely given
by mail after going through so many
hands. One Cardinal pointed out that
the Cardinal Prefect evidently had not i
considered the fact that in the matter
of time Home was six hours in advance
of New York.
The afternoon's reports show the
ftorm damage to be extensive. Fac
tory chimneys and windmills were
overthrown and roofs were blown away
throughout the central western dis
tricts. Heavy copperplates were blown
off the historical red tower at Halle.
on the Saale, and workingmen's tene
ments were unroofed.
The Prince Bismarck mine near
Brunswick caught fire during the storm
and seventy workingmen were with
difficulty saved, many of them being
badly burned. A house fell near Biel
feld, burying four masons. Two of
them were mortally hurt and the
others were seriously Injured. There
were five severe accidents, one of them
fatal, by the falling of a chimney near
Hanover, where the tower of a Catholic
church was demolished and the roof
half destroyed.
• rJEKMN". Nov. 23.— The high winds
orhicfa have been sweeping over Ger
many for thirty-six hours, accompanied
by a heavy rainfall, continue to delay
traff.c and interrupt telegraphic com
pgntatttctn and have caused several
railroad accidents. At Schlechburg the
wind started several freight cars which
•were on a Bwitch in motion, their
ejeed accelerated and finally they ran
on to the main line and collided with
en express train- No one was badly
hurt.
The Hamburg- American line steamer
Deutschland during the storm on Sat
urday tore out the pile to which she
was moored while unloading at Ham
burg and went adrift. The mooring
chain and the pile struck the vessel
and several plates were stove in, but
it was not considered necessary for her
to leave Hamburg for repairs.
MaDy Accidents Happen, Sev
eral Fatalities Being •
Reported.
Warning to Secretaries and
Clerks of the Sacred
College.
Declares That Hanna, Platt
and Lodge Should Be
Watched.
Two Killed, One Wound
ed, and Slayer Ends
His Life.
Deplores PreinaturePub
licity Given Vatican
Proceedings.
San Franciscan Speaks
Before Federa
tion.
Traffic Is Prostrated and
Much Damage Is
Caused.
WINE STIRS
ARMED MINER
TO MURDER
FURUSETH SCORES
THE SENATORS
CARDINAL GOTTI
UTTERS REBUKE
GERHHT SWEPT
BY HIGH WIND
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOYEMBEK 'J4, 1903.
Novel Peace Project by Which the Bogota Government Hopes to
Regain Sovereignty Through Removal of the Capital to the Isth
mus, While Dominating by Virtue of Excess of Population
COLOMBIA IS SEEKING ANNEXATION
TO THE NEW REPUBLIC OF PANAMA
5
This is the season of the
year when Scott's Emulsion
does some of its best work.
Fortifying the system against
the ravages of winter is one
of the most effective uses of
Scott's Emulsion; it builds
up the strength of the whole
body and puts one in a
healthy, vigorous condition.
Weak lungs, throat troubles
or bronchial affections get
more positive help and relief
from Scott's Emulsion than
from any other source.
Cod liver oil itself is very
scarce just now ; cheap adul-
terations and mixtures of
inferior oils are offered every-
where.
This is why Scott's Emul-
sion should be insisted upon.
It never varies from the high
quality and absolute purity
that has made it the standard
for thirty years.
Well send you • sample free, upon nqaest.
SCOTT & BOWNB, 409 Pearl Street, New York.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.Salmon are so plentiful in the rivers near Redding, it is
said, that a person not particularly venturesome might make
a bridge of their backs and walk from shore to shore of the
waterways. . This announcement, while a trifle late, makes
full correction and ample amends for the impression that we
were going tobe a little shy on fish stories this year.
Fresno has made another bid for the honor that attends a
reputation for culture. A police inquiry has developed the
fact that children 8 years of age in the town are addicted to
tobacco smoking. It is quite probable that no better age
could' have been chosen to demonstrate to the youngsters
the manifold evils of the habit they are trying to acquire.
WITH the coming of the rains nature renews her
promise to California of a new season of prosper
ity and abundance. This year the coming of the
first heavy downpour has been exceptionally opportune. As
a rule the" rains set in too early for some of the crops and
not infrequently there are heavy losses occasioned by the
first storms of the season. No such losses have been re
ported this year. -The. rains were late in coming, ample
time was" given to get all crops under shelter, and conse
quently the showers are everywhere received as benefits
whose effects are in no way diminished by any attendant
damages. 7r >? *-.-"- ¦<, ..'¦¦
¦i The showers, have brought about the only change that
marks 4 the seasons in ' our climate. The dry season is over
and the rainy season has begun. The effect of the change
is felt in' the freshness of, the air and its influence will reach
every living thing. When the clouds pass we >hall have
clear sunlit skies unmarked by the fogs that are so frequent
in" summer, we shall have green fields, we shall have bios-
THE PROMISE OF THE RAIN.
"The clergymen at Elmlra, N. T.,
have united in a protest against fun
erals being held on Sunday. They state
that a funeral necessitates many peo
ple working on Sunday who would
otherwise enjoy a day of rest, and also
that one doubles the duties of a min
ister on that day. This is not a new
argument, but it Is unusual for all the
clergymen in a city to join in action on
it- If the move be successful at El
mlra, other places may follow the lead."
—Springfield Republican. '
¦ Is this the first move toward a
clergymen's union?
Clergymen Protest.
A peasant woman migrated recently from the interior of
Russia to the city of New York and went hopelessly insane
from the .noise and confusing din of the metropolis streets.
What ¦a» shame it was that she did not continue her journey
to Philadelphia. A few Quaker promotion pamphlets, judi
ciously distributed in the interior of- Russia, might do some
A childless city, a city of long-haired,
barefoot, penniless saints— that is the
aim of the newest of freak religions.
This time it is in Michigan. Directly
across the lake from Dowie's Zlon City
a younger, weirder, more mystical band
of religious zealots has begun building
its stronghold. These zealots call them
selves the Flying Rollers, but the peo
ple of Benton Harbor, which city they
have taken as their own, call them the
long-haired saints— that, among other
things.
These zealots have actually taken
Benton Harbor into their keeping.
They swarm its streets, bareheaded
and barefooted. From Indiana, from
Texas, from Arkansas, from the four
winds they are coming, laying their
worldly goods at the feet of the lead
ers. Benjamin and Mary, and sitting:
The Middle West seems blest with
freak sects. Maybe it is the climate
which does it; maybe the peculiar tem
per of the people' themselves. But now
that Dowle has dropped out of sight
we have, according to the Chicago In
ter Ocean, another colony which goe3
Elijah one better. The Inter Ocean
says of it:
Worse Than Dozvie.
The miscreants who recently- attempted to wreck a train
in Colorado will probably be hanged for their abortive
crime This is as it should be, and Colorado is setting a
splendid example to her sister States. There are some of
fenses against society that should be punished to the fullest
limit of the law even if only the motive and intention and not
1 he accomplishment of crime can be proven.
The trackless trolley has made a very
favorable record in Europe so that the
asserted intention of the General Elec
tric Company to equip some of the im
proved highways In the neighborhood
of Albany with the automobile trolley
has a semblance of probability. The
experimental installation is to be made
In connection with the Schenectady
Railway along the State improved
"tolghway.from Newtonvllle to Loudon
ville. .The system comprises an over
head feeder system, the motor pro
pelled omnibus or cars and the flexible
overhead connections, but no tracks.
Several ingenious arrangements have
been devised to permit vehicles pass
ing each other, when both are fed from
the same overhead wire.
The Trackless Trolley.
Dr. Herran, representing the United States of Colombia at
Washington, says he has heard nothing from his Govern
ment in a month. This distinguished diplomat may find con
solation in the fact that if his Government hasn't taken him
into its confidence it has taken everybody else. Perhaps if
Dr. Herran will accept the news of what Colombia is doing
from the sources we do he may share our opinion of her
affairs and her conduct.
The United States Senate seems to
be growing more 'youthful. Thirteen
years ago a careful computation was
made from which it. appeared that the
average of its members was 60 years.
There were then but eight who were
less than 50 years old and one who was
less than 45. To-day the average is 59
years and 4 months, and in a slightly
larger Senate there are fourteen men,
instead of eight, who are less than 50,
and of these eight are less than 45. The
difference is doubtless due to the new
States which have come into the Union
since that time whose political leaders
were naturally younger men. The
Delaware overturn has also given the
Senate two youthful members. It is
almost a rule that the young States
have young Senators.
Only one Senator is more than 80, Mr.
Pettus, the junior Senator from Ala
bama, who was born in 1821. Fourteen
are between 70 and 80, twenty-nine are
between 60 and 70 and thirty-two be
tween" 50 and 60. The fifteen who have
crossed the three-score and ten line
include both Senators from Alabama
and Connecticut, besides Messrs. Teller,
Allison, Frye, Hoar, Gibson, Stewart,
Platt (New York), Quay, Bate, Proc
tor and Cullorn. The constitution of
the United States specifies 30 as the age
requirement for Senate, but by a
safe margin of ten years all of the
States have made good this condition.
Only one man In the Senate does not
give his age, Mr. Burton of Kansas,
and for the purposes of this computa
tion he has been rated at 50. — Omaha
Bee. \ :
Senate Growing Young.
* William Butler Yeats, the famous
Irish poet and prime mover In
the intellectual revival in hla native
land, is now delivering lectures before
Eastern universities upon the subject
of his life work.
Mr. Yeats' visit to America Is by In
vitation'of the Irish Literary Society
of New York. He is Identified with the
movement which, during the past ten
years, has aimed to reawaken a true
national consciousness in Ireland and
has already notably affected its poli
tics, literature and national' life. Of
the significance of this movement. It
has been justly said:
"The prospect of such a new Ireland
rising up out of the foundations of the
old with love and not hate aa its in
spiration has already sent a great thrill
through the land. It is a new and un
looked for situation, full with fate, not
only for Ireland, t>ut for the world.**
Some of the . organizations through
which the movement works are the
Irish Literary Society of London, the
National Literary Society of Dublin,
the Irish Literary Theater, the Feis
Coil Committee in Dublin, and the
Gaelic League. Two of its chief aims
are the revival of the Irish language as
a living speech, and the study of the
ancient literature with the creation of
a new Irish literature both in Irish and
English.
A Good Cause.
But. like every other detail in spar
ring, they must be mastered thorough
ly if they are. to be tried at all. An
awkward swing or an ill-timed hook or
Jolt will place you at the mercy of your
opponent. Moreover, there Is, with
most amateurs, a strong temptation to
swing or to hook on occasions when a
straight blow would be far safer and
more effective. Nothing but experi
ence, of course, can teach you the exact
occasion when a swing or hook is most
advisable,- but, by study and by prac
ticing carefully, you will gain a fair
working idea of it and future practice
will teach you the rest. For, In box
ing, more, perhaps, than In almost any
thing else, every man must buy his
own experience, paying for it in hard
knocks, and, if he be wise, profiting by
every detail of it.
In the tamest of sparring matches
one Is liable to receive a hard^blow;
to "run into" his opponent's lead or
to be the victim of that opponent's mis
calculation of strength or distance. No
blow from a soft eight-ounce glovp will
do you permanent harm. If it lands on
you more heavily than you anticipated
keep your temper. Don't sulk, don't
slug back. Take it as part of the day's
work and be thankful a glove and not
a bare fist dealt you the blow.
Draw on the gloves, stand on guard
and I will show you how. to swing.,
. Let your' sparring "partner lead '.*' for
your face with his* left. As he does so
move your heart to the right, just far
enough to avoid his blow (as in the
ordinary left counter for the face).
At the same time lower the left arm
from its position of guarding your heart
md turn the palm outward so that the
back of the glove and not the front
of the knuckles is turned toward your
opponent. Now bring your left • arm
around in a circular motion so that at
a certain point in that circle the back
of your knuckles will come in : contact
with your antagonist's Jaw. In deliv
ering this - blow your arm should S be
stretched to almost Its full length, be
ing bent at the elbow Just enough to
avert any jar to the elbow joint. As
you swine your arm around to meet
his Jaw throw the shoulder with it and
let the force and weight of the body
go Into the blow. In a swing remem
ber the back of the hand is always
kept toward your opponent, and it is
the row of knuckles joining the hand
to the fingers (not the middle row)
that should strike him first. Be sure
to bring the "body around with the
blow. This Is the easier because the
moving to the right of your head Is
part of the general motion. The mov
ing of the head and' thedellverine of
the swing must of course be simulta
neous. Practice this blow very, slowly
at first, gauging most carefully the dis
tance your arm has to. travel and mak
ing sure' that your hand, turns natur
ally.lristead of twisting stiffly and awk
wardly. "The swing requires co-opera
tion from almost, every other "part of
the body.. Without this co-operation it
Is awkward and lacking in. force, pre
cision and .speed. ' . " " _'. '\ *
Do riot raise^ the. .heels from the
ground in swinging for ¦ the • f ace. ¦/' Do
not swing when too close to or too far
away from your opponent. In the lat
ter case -you will miss him entirely. and
lose your balance, thus placing your
self at his mercy. In the former In
stance (if you are too close to . him)
your hand will go far behind him.
At first glance' the circular motion
would seem to be less effective than a
straight arm blow. But, "when correct
ly delivered, the swing and hook are
far heavier than any other blows
known to boxers> •
In all the foregoing lessons we have
dealt only with what are known as
"straight" blows — blows which are de
livered in such a way as to traverse
the shortest possible distance between
the position, "on guard," and the face
or body at which they are aimed.
As a straight line is the shortest dis
tance between two points, so the
"straight" blow covers the least pos
sible distance.
The '•swing" and "hook," however,
are delivered fn a circular direction.
It is such blows we will now con
sider, as well as an almost equally ef
fective blow known as the "jolt."
[Athletic n=p«rt New York Evening WorM,
Author of "Muscle Bulldlasr," etc.]
BY ALBERT PATSON* TERHUNE.
The Szving in Boxing.
SOME of our contemporaries are busy despairing of the
republic because a crowd of well-dressed ladies mobbed
the Goelet-Roxburghe wedding party in New York.
One concludes from it that "the American people, and es
pecially the American women, are crazy over titles," and that
"our admiration for republican simplicity is really only skin
deep." Now, we don't think the incident deserves such a
serious conclusion.- We think the nicely' gowned ladies, who
showed such bad taste in a struggle to get a sight of the
Duke, were actuated by no better nor worse feeling than
extreme curiosity. A Duke is a spectacle, a show, just
like Jumbo, or a baboon that eats with a knife and fork
and drinks his swipes like a man.
Every year are celebrated in this country international
marriages. .They are common between the sons and daugh
ters of artisans, merchants and financiers. The American
young man and young woman match with Germans, Irish,
Scotch, Italians, Russians, French and what not. Among
this enormous number of such marriages we have two or
three every year between rich young women and titled for
eigners Their thousands of sisters who marry foreigners
want husbands. They want titles, and we don't despair of
the republic because both classes get what they want. The
ladies who marry foreign titles don't stay here. They go to
the country of their husbands and are denationalized. They
lose identity as Americans, and there is so far no evidence
that their happiness is of such a high quality as to lure
many of their countrywomen to the same method of expatri
ation. They excite more curiosity than envy, and the re
public does not depend upon those who excite curiosity nor
upon those who yield to it, to the verge of vulgarity and bad
taste.
Human sentiment goes through continuous reaction. If
one generation goes wild over pageantry and pomp and cir
cumstance., the next, palled by what has become common,
runs to the opposite extreme. The English people under
went this in" the Puritan reaction against the pomp of the
court of the Stuarts and the' magnificence of religious ritual.
They went so far that legitimate human pleasures were
looked upon sourly, and life was made a prolonged penance.
Since that experience they and we have developed a more
3ane and sober mind than appeared in either extreme and
have not returned either to pomp or asceticism. It is only
necessary to see the resentment that is displayed by the vast
mass of our people, when they see any ostentation of wealth,
to feel sure that, our republican simplicity is safe. «The
masses resent not only sucjh ostentation, but they will not
be patronized by the rich. All this is a manifestation of that
spirit of American independence which is the safeguard of
our institutions.
The Duke and Duchess of Roxburghe have already passed
off the sensational stage, which they shared with the last
flood and cyclone, labor strike and train robbery, and Amer
ican liberty, is as safe and sound as it was when political
opponents were calling Washington an aristocrat and Hamil
ton a believer in a hereditary nobility.
"Well, we made them so well that
you people in Ohio used them for eight
years before you found out they were
built of wood." %'i
Captain. H. Z. Howard, superintend
ent of the Oceanic Steamship Company,
was born In Connecticut and takes
pride in the circumstance. A sailor
man from the ground up, Captain How
ard- has all the old-time mariner's
grufrhess, but like the barnacles on a
ship's bottom the sharp edges are all
on the outside and the plate beneath Is
good, smooth, serviceable steel. It
takes time and patience to reach the
steel ( and In the operation the seeker
may rub some skin off his inquisitive
fingers.
"His bark is worse than his bite" was
not said originally about Captain How
ard, but if it had been those who best
know the superintendent would have
chorused, "How apt!"
To return to the steel, however.
People who have braved the barnacles
and found the good metal beneath have
no hesitation in accosting the captain
in Jocular vein and In every case the
man with the fierce frown - and kind
heart has a Roland for an Oliver. A
lady from Ohio crossed swords with
Captain Howard the other day and
now speaks of the superintendent as
the Mark Twain of the water front.
"From Connecticut, you say you
came, captain?"
"Yes, madam. And proud of it."
"You ought to be. That's where
they make wooden nutmegs, Is it not?
Ever make any, captain?"
"You should not speak lightly,
madam, of our wooden nutmegs. We
deserve much credit for them."
"Credit! How's that, captain?"
Defends the Nutmegs.
ARE. WE ARISTOCRATS?
"Major General Plumer. who led a
battalion of mounted riflemen In the
Matabeleland campaign In 1S96, has a
reputation rivaling that of 'the mildest
mannered man that ever scuttled ship
or cut a throat.' In the thick of the
fight he is the politest of warriors. As
an example of his unvarying 'drawing
room manners,' as a brother officer once
styled them, a story is told of him that
during the Matabele campaign hi3
small force found itself in a very hot
corner, and men were falling rapidly in
all directions. Plumer had two ma
chine guns with him, and these, he con
sidered, were not doing as well as they
might. He called up an orderly* there
fore "and said to him: 'Will you kindly
go to Captain Blank (who commanded
the guns) and tell him that I think he
might do better If he would please
move his guns a little further to the
right? Thank you.* And then he calm
ly went on with his direction of the
fighS in the same quiet, easy manner.
Again, he was rather badly hit while
in command of^a column during the re
cent South African war and sent a mes
sage to his second in command to the
effect 'That he was rather badly
scratched, and he would be greatly
obliged if Colonel Blank would take
over the command of the force pending
further orders.' "
General Sherman's classic axiom that
war Is hell has found its exception if
the following story from the New Tork
Tribune Is to he credited:
Polite in Battle.
; In the Missouri town of Jefferson the courts have decided
that no one may "give away a glass of intoxicating liquor,
much less- sell it. What earthly excuse can the citizens of
that benighted burg Tia. e now to substitute for the:time
honored but fictitious hospitality of bibulous friends that
brought ruin to good intentions?
about to make themselves comfortable
in homes they declare they shall occu
py forever and a day.
The saints began gathering at Ben
ton Harbor last spring. They are there
to await the beginning of the millen
nium, which they believe will come In
1917. The fourteen years they want
for preparation are to be filled with
strange devotion to strange ideas, and
when the end shall come only the long
haired saints will be left on the face
of the earth. They believe they never
will die. They do believe that children
born to them before 1917 will die, and
therefore this man Benjamin and hla
wife have decreed that no children
shall be born In the City of Israel be
fore that time.
The fossil plants of the coal period
seem to indicate that the climate was
at that time warm and moist and uni
form, while the amount of coal accum
ulated shows that the air was more
fully charged with carbonic acid gas
than It Is at the present time. Of the
coal plants of Great Britain about half
were ferns, many of them growing to
Coal is an accumulation of vegetable
matter whirh has decayed under water
where oxygen could not get access to
the carbon to consume it and trans
form it into carbonic acid gas, as it
does in the open air. The conditions of
the coal fields, therefore, during the ac
cumulation of the coal must have been
that of vast swampy . regions, where
there was rot depth oj." water enough
to destroy the vegetation or to admit
of the Intrusion of gravel, sand and
mud, which, brought in from surround
ing highlands, would have rendered It
too impure for use. The character of
the vegetation which supplied these
Great accumulations ol coal is amply
shown In the fossil forms which appear,
especially near the top and bottom of
the coal seams, while in some cases the
entire stumps of trees are found still
standing In place, with their roots pen
etrating into the under clay which sup
ported the vegetation.
• • •
The Insignificant role which water
power In this country can possibly play
In keeping up our Industries appears
on brief examination of the facts. It is
estimated by the best authorities that
If the entire rainfall over the State of
Pennsylvania were utilized with a head
of 150 feet, It would not yield one-tenth
the amount of power that is now de
rived In that State alone from the con
sumption of coal. But on the most ex
travagant calculation ii would not be
possible to make available In that
mountainous State one-tenth of this
theoretical amount of water power.
What then would be the condition of
those vast areas of the Mississippi val
ley where water power Is far less avail
able?
If we look to the rest of the world the
prospect is not more encouraging. The
coal fields cf Europe are mostly con
fined to small areas In England and the
northwestern part of the continent.
Spain, Italy, Greece, Russia, Scandina
via and the larger part of the German
Empire are dependent on England for
their coaL At the present rate of in
creased production these fields will be
nearly exhausted In fifty years. The re
maining great deposits of coal are
mostly found In China, where they
equal. If they do not exceed, those in
the United States. It may therefore be
fortunate for the worM that China Is
80 Blow In her development that her re
served resources of fuel shall yet be
available when that in the countries
more advanced In civilization shall fail.
It is therefore rather startling to be
compelled to face the fact that coal
belongs to the limited and rapidly dis
appearing reserved stores of nature. In
using coal the human race is intrench
ing upon its capital and recklessly
hastening an ultimate but inevitable
castrophe. It is estimated by the high
est authorities that the total available
coal treasures of North America cover
220.000 square miles, with an average
thickness of six feet of workable seams,
which would yield 4S00 tons to the acre.
The total amount of coal, therefore,
that is possibly within our reach in
America could not exceed 700.000,000,000
tons. But in the year 1900 alone we
were mining but little short of 300,000,
000 tonF, while the expansion of popula
tion and of business Is demanding an
increase at such a rate that two or
three times that amount will soon be
necessary to meet the annual demand.
At the present rate of increase in the
use of coal, therefore, the entire
amount accessible in North America
would be consumed in less than loO
years.
Coal Is the chief cornerstone of mod
ern civilization. Nearly all the labor
saving appliances must have coal to
make them effective. Outside of the
muscles of men and eniraals the chief
sources of power available for the use
of man are gravitation as It is set free
in falling •water and heat arising from
the chemical combustion of coal. But
waterfalls are stationary, and even
with the ability to distribute their
power through electricity, it Is avail
able as yet over only a limited area. If
all the power of Niagara should be
turned Into electricity It could not
profitably be distributed beyond the
limits of Western New York, whereas
coal can be carried to the ends of the
earth and Its power set free for use
wherever it is needed. If the prairies
of the West and the comparatively
level regions the world over, where are
found the best agricultural lands, were
limited, as formerly, to water power for
running their factories and mills, these
would necessarily be few and Insignifi
cant. Such great manufacturing cen
ters as Cleveland, Detroit, Chicago, St.
Louis and Cincinnati would be impos
sible away from the mountainous dis
tricts. It would be a tremendous s&i.
back to the agricultural interests of
the Mississippi Valley if they were
compelled to dispense with steam
thrashers and steam traction engines
and substitute In their places the work
of innumerable droves of, horses and
mules.
fActhor of "The Ic* Ar« la North America,"
"3£an and tfc« Glacial Period." etc!
BT QEORGB FREDERICK WRIGHT,
A. M.. LL. D.
Coal Growing Scai'cc.
People naturally look around for the reason, for the mo
tive, and, right or wrong, they seem to find both in the
desire of the church to resume polygamy. Naturally, this
conclusion is reinforced by such speeches as that of Apostle
Grant. The Ogden newspaper, characterizing our article,
says: "Its basis is Heber J. Grant's humorous speech of a
week ago, which was not intended to be taken seriously,
and was simply a good-natured play upon Utah's past pecu
liarities. But the witticism has offered excuse for those who
seek to estrange Gentile and Mormon and ruin business in
Utah."
It must be admitted that Apostle Grant chose a queer sub
ject to joke about. His wit was in the present tense, not
the past. He declared that he has, not had, two wives, and
that he wants a third if the law will let him take her. If
business is endangered in Utah, it is by the apostle's peculiar
idea of humor, 'and not because of any outside desire to dis
turb the favorable industrial conditions of an American
State.
Polygamy was considered as a Federal question when the
Federal Government conditioned the statehood of Utah
upon a permanent guaranty that the church would abandon
plural marriage. If the Mormon church now proposes to
use the political power of the State to protect a return to
polygamy, the matter is still a Federal question. The first
Republican national platform denounced "those twin, relics
of barbarism — slavery and polygamy." One* has been abol
ished by the Federal constitution. The other is subject to
the same treatment. It is no invasion of the rights of the
States to amend the constitution so as to forbid polygamy,
make it a Federal offense ami put those who offend exclu
sively under the jurisdiction of the Federal courts. If the
Mormons have in good faith permanently abandoned plural
marriage, they can have no objection to such an amend
ment. Will the Ogden newspaper, and the Deseret News at
Salt Lake, promise that such an amendment to the Federal
constitution will be ratified by, a Mormon Legislature in
Utah? Do they recognize polygamy as an anachronism as
much as slavery is? Do \hey look upon it as the Gentile
world looks upon it? Do they recognize it as a moral and
legal offense, per se, or do they regard it as wrong only be
cause it is prohibited?
This is a question which affects the aspiration of New
Mexico and Arizona to statehood. It concerns the future
of Idaho and Wyoming,* and, to a. degree, of Colorado and
Nevada. It is so far, reaching as to warrant action now to
permanently remove it as a domestic question, local to the
States. When it is made a Federal matter and put in the
hands of the United States courts, there will be no further
danger of a~ return of old antipathies and a ruin of the bright
prospects of Utah. - ., v
AN Ogden newspaper of Mormon proclivities repub
• lishes The Call's remarks on the pro-polygamy utter
ances of Apostle Grant, and says it is one of many
anti-Mormon articles appearing in the press of the country
and that its careful reading will disclose the fact that the
author of our article is not a stranger to Utah affairs. . The
Ogden paper concludes, therefore, that ".these jnflamma-'
tory editorials are being inspired by a bureau of promotion
existing either in Ogden or Salt Lake, and having for its
object the arousing of outside public sentiment to antago
nize the Mormon people and re-establish within the State
the old bitterness that did so much to retard the growth of
industrial life and keep Utah in the throes of a religious
l warfare.."
As far as The Call is concerned we wish to disabuse the
mind of the Ogden editor in that particular! and to relieve
; anybody in Utah who may suffer from, the suspicion of en
gaging in the promotion of outside .criticism of the Mor
mons. We need no such promotion of our purpose to work
for the future peace and welfare of Utah by inducing the
Mormon church to act in good faith with the rest of the
country, by observing the pledges upon which : statehood
was secured. All the inside information we get is furnished
by the authorities of the Mormon church and the conduct
of Mormons themselves. ...
The United States does not propose to permit the re
sumption of polygamy in Utah. It is useless to plead that
resistance to it will disturb the industrial peace of the State.
If it do, the responsibility is with those who provoke that
resistance by violation of the law and breach of faith. Why
is the church in politics? What is the purpose\of its per
sistent control of politics? If it propose to keep faith and
observe the law it has nothing to fear from politics.!
The people of this country recognize Mormonism as a
form of religion, whose followers are entitled to that great
guaranty of. the Federal constitution under which all forms
of religion are free and equal. But when any church has
purposes which require that it control the political action
of its members, those purposes are inimical to the Govern
ment. The attempt to effect them through the political
power of the state is a substantial union of church and
state, which is abhorrent to the American spirit. It will be
admitted by every one in Utah that the signs are abundant
that the church throws majorities- either way in politics.
The people are at once suspicious when the members of any
church all vote one way, and make erratic and unaccountable
changes in political control, for which there is no natural
nor public reason.
It has been for some time evident that the Mormon
church puts itself first and the state plays a subordinate
part. Its colonizations outside of Utah are regarded with
apprehension, because wherever Mormon voting strength
appears it does not with stability of purpose divide on party
lines. Following the Mormon hegira from Nauvoo, that
people suffered great atrocities that made many martyrs,
but it was the destructive and inhuman explosion of pas
sionate resentment long accumulating and caused by just
such political subordination of the Mormons as is suspected
to be the practice to-day in Utah. So it would appear that
the habit of using political power for its own purposes is
inherited by the existing Mormon body.
"Come again," replied the cashier,
flipping back the double eagle that con
stituted the chief -part of the conduct
or's pile.
Slowly the conductor picked up the
twenty. He sounded it. He bit it. It
was lead, richly gilded, but'a counter
feit and a bad one. The passenger has
not since been "seen.
"I fixed him,", said the conductor
when he turned In his cash at the end
of his run. . . " ,- '
The passenger boarded the car, as
usual, and with a half apologetic smile
tendered his $20 gold piece.
The conductor took the coin, sank it
safely in an inside pocket and produced
five rolls of nickels, opened each roll
and counted the contents into the palm
of the passenger, withholding 5 cents
for that fare and a nickel for each of
the, previous free rides.
"Guess that will' hold him for
awhile," the conductor chuckled as he
walked forward to tell the story to the
motorman.
"Give me $20 in nickel?. I want to
spring a little bunch of small change
on a cheap guy who's been working
me for a week," said the wise con
ductor. -,r-:v.r:
He had traveled from Ingleslde every
morntng «for a week on the first car.
Each day he proffered a $20 gold pieco
when the conductor asked for his fare.
"I can't change that." was the con
ductor's daily plaint, and six times in
succession the man with the double
eagle deadheaded his way into the
city.
"I'll fix that fellow with the twenty."
said the conductor, as he stepped to the
cashier's window at the car barn.
The Last Laugh.
But no sooner was this land elevated
above the sea than erosive agencies
went to work to dissect it and to re
move its more elevated portions. Con
sequently it is estimated that more
than nine-tenths of the coal which was
originally deposited over Central and
Eastern Pennsylvania has been carried
away by the rivers and hopelessly
scattered over the bottom of the sea,
while the one-tenth which remains is
so folded up in the rocks that it is ob
tained with great difficulty. In the
more central portions of the Mississippi
Valley, however, the disturbance of the
strata has been less, and it is a com
paratively simple matter to obtain the
rich deposits.
the size of trees, the most of which are
tropical species. Indeed, • during the
coal period In Great Britain the propor
tion of ferns there to the other plants
was far greater than It is in the tropics
at the present day, while tree ferns are
now wholly confined to tropical regions.
Abundant tropical forms of vegetation
are found in the coal seams In Green
land and on Melville Island as far
north aa the seventy-fifth degree of
latitude; indeed, everywhere during the
coal period the climatic conditions not
only of the temperate zone but of the
arctic lands were closely similar to
those of the present torrid zone.
But, for man's use, it was neces
sary not only to have coal accumulate:
It must be preserved for distant ages
and brought within his reach. If the
Mississippi basin had remained forever
below the ocean level its stores of ac
cumulated coal would have been un
uvailable. But, through causes which
we can but dimly comprehend, at the
close of the coal period the land all
over that area, which had up to that
time been slowly sinking, reversed Its
movement and bejan to rise. This
elevation was produced by lateral
pressure, which folded up the Alle
gheny Mountains and produced a num
ber of diminishing waves, so to speak,
in the surface of the land extending to
the center of the Mississippi basin.
soming of' winter flowers, and over a wide region of coun
try the ripening of winter fruits. To us, therefore, this
change of season, which, in the East, will bring blizzards
and snowstorms, with discomfort to all and danger to many,
will bring only a new sense of the joy of living, new im
pulses to activity and a new round of both business and
pleasure.
Of course; one good rainstorm does not make a good
season any more than one swallow makes a summer, but
the appearance of the first swallow is very sure to be fol
lowed by the appearance of others, and the abundance; of
this fir^t good rain gives promise of a propitious season*
throughout. In some localities the fall has been inade
quate to the needs of the farmers, but as a whole the State
has fared well and the prospects are that we shall have a
year of prosperity equal to any that have preceded it. We
have of late been putting the railroads to a hard strain to
supply cars and locomotives, to haul the fruit , ready for
market, and it now looks 'as if we might' give them a still
harder strain next year. 1 ,
In the city the most notable effect of the rain will be that
of brightening up .everything as soon as the clouds roll by.
With cleaner streets to walk and a purer air to breathe the
people-will feel a new vigor as they go about their. business,
and from this time on. holiday trade will boom. The skies
may be gloomy for the present, but every cloud thati helps
to make the gloom. has a silverjining and carries a golden
promise. .-.Whatever may be the conditions elsewhere, the
winter comes to California with a blessing "for everybody.
THE UTAH SITUATION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24. 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPJECKELS, Proprietor .... ...... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <j^|||I|^£> ...•.••••••••••••• .Third and Market Streets, S. 7.
TUESDAY .../.. ........ ....NOVEMBER 24, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
6
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call?
f ornia street. Telephone Mala 10C •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound, in artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. *BRUTAL NEGRO FOOTPAD AND THE "WOMAN WHOM HE NEARLY
STRANGLED AND ROBBED OF*HER PURSE NEAR THE CORNER
OF HAYES AND LAGUNA STREETS YESTERDAY MORNING.
BAKERSFTELD. Nov. 23.— Moses Hart, who
came to Kern County about forty > ears a*o
as one of its earliest settlers, died to-day at
his home In Kern. He was 70 years of - age
gnj leaves a wife and sine children. • _ _
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 23.— Jonathan Rice,
first vice president, of the Rice-Stix
Dry Goods Company, vice president of
the Mercantile Trust ; Company and ; a
leading figure ; in commercial and reli
gious circles, died to-day, after an'ill
ness of ; several. weeks, 'attributable "i to
an affection or the heart. - .
St. Louis Merchant Dies Suddenly.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 23. — The
cruiser Denver left the Neafie & Levy
shipyard to-day for a two-days' trial
on the Delaware Bay. The Denver, was
given a trial recently off the Massa
chusetts coast, but failed to make the
required speed of seventeen knots an
hour. Since then she has b^een ; fitted
with new propellers. K5&I
Trial for Cruiser Denver.
HELENA, Mont.', Nov. 23.— The Su
preme Court:' to-day -heard ! arguments
in , the case of * John McGinnlss and
James 'Forrester against the' Boston
and Montana' Company," the action ? in
which Judge \ Clancy, at Butte granted
an ; injunction " restraining -the Boston
and Montana \ Company .; from " transfer
ring its , stock i or I paying dividends -. toi
therAmalgamated Copper. Company. It
was : Judge ¦ Clancy's order" in this > case
that j caused .the -Amalgamated Com;
pany. to ; shut down • all . its properties '•¦ in
Montana. 1 . '; The^ court • took ' the appeal
under advisement, _HH
' Argue • Montana Mining ' Case.
HONOLULU, Nov. -23. — Governor
Carter took the oath of office and. was
formally inaugurated to-day at the
Capitol. There was a large assembly
of Federal and Territorial officials and
members of the army and navy.
Edward S. Boyd, . Commissioner of
Public Lands, tendered* his resignation
and It will be accepted. All of the other
members of the Governor's official staff
will be retained, except Henry E.
Cooper, .Superintendent of Public
Works, and Alexander G. , Hawes Jr.,
private secretary to .the Governor.
Formally Inaugurated as Governor of
Hawaiian Islands.
CARTER TAKES THE OATH.
For years she was supposed to be
really dead, but she was not. The Su
perior Court of Pennsyslvania decided
she was legally alive. The Supreme
Court of the State, however, decided
she was dead again. . She now asks the
highest court in the land to make her
alive in lav.'. / .
READING, Pa., Nov. 23.— An appeal
has gone from Berks County to the
Supreme Court of the United States to
determine whether Margaret Cunnius,
formerly of Reading, now living in
Sacramento, Cal., is legally dead or
alive.
Wants to Know if She Is Alive. M
WASHINGTON, Nov.' 23.— The Secre
tary '. of the ! Interior has suspended from
office D.F. Campbell, clerk of the Town
site Commission of ! the Creek Nation in
the^Indlan Territory. After an investiga
tion, based on an indictment against him
for alleged unlawfully obtaining money
while a member of the Kansas Legisla
ture, the indictment his receipt
for $100 from the : Clerk of the District
Court at ¦ Oswego, Kans., following the
passage.; of a bill raising the clerk's sal
ary. The court the Indictment,
but . Indian ; Inspector- Wright Is making
an. Investigation • and has obtained an or
der from the ¦ court ,t or the stenographic
minutes of the grand Jury. .
CleTk of Townsite Commission of
Creek Nation Must Answer
Serious Charges. ¦
GOVERNMENT SUSPENDS
AN ACCUSED ATTACHE
Captain L. A. Thrasher, special Unit
ed States Revenue Agent, died on No
vember 15 in Lynchburg. Va. He was
sent to this city from Washington sev
eral years ago to work on the Wel
burn defalcation. Since he left here he
had been engaged in detecting moon
shiners in Virginia. *
Revenue Agent Thrasher Dead.
The men confirmed as brigadier gen
erals ¦ are: Jared A. Smith, ; Jacob B.
Rawles. Stephen »W. Groesbeck, John
R. Myrlck, Louis H. Rucker, Theodore
A. Baldwin. William P. Rogers, Peter
C. Hains, John H. Page, Charles A.
Woodruff, William L. Haskin, Charles
"W. Miner, James M. J. Sannow, Charles
W. Robe, James W. Reilly, Edwin B.
Atwood, Frank G. Smith, George B.
Rodney, Almond B. Wells, Peter J. A.
deary and John B. Babcock.
Willis Sweet, Idaho, Attorney General
of Porto Rico; Frank S. Ingalls, Sur
veyor General of Arizona.
The Senate also confirmed nomina
tions for appointments in the army
tnd navy. They number between 160
and 180, and include officers down to
the rank of second lieutenant.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— The "Sen
ate to-day, in executive session, con
firmed the following nominations:
George R. Carter, Honolulu, Hawaii,
to be Governor of Hawaii; Sanford B.
Dole, Hawaii, District Judge of the
Territory of Hawaii.
Consuls— Thomas J. Cummins, New
York, at Puerto Cabello, Venezuela;
Leo Bergholz, New York, at Three
Rivers, . Quebec, Canada; Martin R.
Sackett, New York, at Prescott, Ont.;
Edward K. J. Sullivan, New York, at
Erzeroum, Turkey; David E> Wilber,
New York, at Barbadoes, D. W. I.; H.
Webster, New York, at Niagara Falls,
Ont.; Dean R. Wood, New York, at
Ceiba, Honduras.
I A new chapter in the sensational
story of the prison break was written
when Harmon testified that on the
Friday preceding the big break, which
I occurred Monday, July 27, he had se
creted himself under the floor of the
prison chapel, as a part of the con
spiracy on the part of the desperate
men to carry out their plans to secure
their liberty. He and Gordon talked
the matter over, Harmon said, and
Gordon told him that Convicts Wood
(the defendant), Murphy, Eldridge,
Howard. Miller, Fahey aiyi Roberts
were in the scheme and that they could
be depended upon.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 23.— The prose
cution in the case of John H. Wood,
the Folsom Prison escape on trial for
murder, scored an important point this
morning, when it was brought out by
the testimony of one of the convicts
that Wood v.-as a ringleader in the con
spiracy to break prison last July.
John A. Harmon, a convict serving
seven years for a felony, was the wit
ness who gave the damaging testi
mony. He was put on the witness
stand by the prosecution, and, in
answer to questions by District At
torney A. M. Seymour, testified that he
had been approached by R. M. Gordon,
one of the prisoners who made his es
cape, and had been asked to join with
him and his confederates.
The statement was addresed to the
prisoner just before "the Judge sen
tenced him to imprisonment at San
Quentin for life, the extreme penalty
provided by law for the crime of which
Burbank wad convicted. When the
time arrived this morning to pronounce
sentence the prisoner's attorneys
claimed that Burbank had gone insane
in the few preceding hour's. Judge
Head allowed a request for an exam
ination as "to his sanity and nearly
every physician in the city partici
pated. All but one declared Burbank
sane. . .
' REDDING, Nov. 23.-'<l would not
have been surprised had the Jury
found you guilty of murder in the first
degree without anv recommendation. I
would not have been at all surprised."
With these words in the Superior
Court this afternoon Judge Head
showed that in his estimation John
Burbank should be hanged for killing
Dora Struber at De La Mar July 15
last.
Murderer Burbank De
clared Sane and
Goes to Prison.
Damaging Testimony Is
Given Against Fol
som Escape.
"WTirn eorae men ppt their freedom In
this glorious land of the free they are
Jr. the ox-convict class.
Senate Confirms Presi
dent's Hawaiian
Nomination a
WOMAN'S SLAYER
WINS NO MERCY
CARTER AND DOLE
TAKE NEW POSTS
Thomas D. Riordan. the well known
attorney, is dangerously ill. The work
of th<» recent political campaign was
too much for him anu he broke down
completely. So serious is hi3 illness
that he Wt Sunday morning for Pa
raiso Springs, accompanied by his phyi
cian. Dr. J. Pcrrs-olt. He will remain
there urtil he repairs h's health.
Thomas D. Siordan Seriously TH_
There was a big attendance at the
regular monthly meeting of the Pres
byterian Home and Foreign Missionary
Society held yesterday at the First
Presbyterian Church, Van Ness avenue
and Sacramento street. The subject
for the month in the foreign depart
ment was a descriptive and remarkably
lucid paper entitled "Korea," written
and delivered by Mrs. H. T. Ames. The
home mission branch ttevoted Its time
to a consideration of. the , work done
among the Spanish in New Mexico.
The ladies of the First Presbyterian
Church announced that there will be a
sale of fine work at the church begin
ning Friday eveninsr, December 4. The
gale will continue throughout the after
noon of Saturday, December 5. It has
been determined to devote the latter day
almost entirely to children. There are
to be game3 and an entertainment in
conjunction with the sale and the pro
ceeds will go toward the piano fund and
repairing the church. Among the la
dies who are making preparations for
the sale and entertainment are Mrs!
Breyf ogle, Airs. C. W. Slack, Mrs. L. A.
Kelley, Mrs. H. L. King, Mrs. Cyrus
Wright and Mrs. William Kirk Guth
rie. >^'(:£
First Presbyterian Ohurch Ladies
Plan Charity Entertainment.
ARRANGE FOB FANCY SALE.
When he met Mrs. Dougherty he asked
her how far it was to Market street
and she screamed. As he saw two men
running toward them he started to run,
as he was afraid if they caught him
they might beat^, him. The police do
not believe his story.
by Free, the butcher giving up the
chase, and Free continued to shout:
"Stop him; stop him." Chub turned
into Franklin street, and at Page street
Policemen Sweeney and Kearney, who
had been attracted by Free's shouts,
caught him. Chub was taken to Mrs.
CORVIGT TELLS
OF CONSPIRACY
Isaac Chub, a colored man, was ar
rested early yesterday morning by
Policemen Sweeney and Kearney and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of robbery. Chub Is employed to run
an elevator at 239 Post street and lives
at 17 Fourth street.
Mrs. Ellen Dougherty, an old woman
living at 409 Oak street, was on her
way to a butcher shop on Hayes street
near Laguna, shortly before 6 o'clock
j-esterday morning to purchase some
meat, and at the corner of Fell and
Laguna streets Chub grabbed hold of
her, threw one arm around her neck
to strangle her and snatched her purse
containing $S with his other hand.
Mrs. Dougherty struggled with him
and in his anxiety to get away from
her he poked one of his lingers Into her
eye, blinding her for the moment.
The butcher and Harry Free, a team
ster living at 43 Van Ness avenue, saw
the struggle between the old woman
and Chub and heard her screams for
help. .They ran toward the scene of
the struggle, and when Chub saw them
he broke away from Mrs. Dougherty.
By this time Free was close upon him,
and Chub made a motion aa if to draw
a revolver from his hip pocket and said
to Free: "Don't you come after me."
Chub ran down Fell street followed
"This is prayer in the highest sense
of the word. Not alone the prayer cf
sincere desire and supplication, but
more — the realization of God's all-pres
ence, all-power and all-life, yea, life
eternal."
"The aim of Christian Science is to
remove the cause, to awaken the '
patient spiritually and point out to him j
his true relationship to God. I
. "Every kind of sickness," said Judge
Haxina, "is the result of long ages of
human error, of straying away from
¦ God's law, and the Innocent suffer with
' the guilty. "We are all, more or less,
under the ban of these long ages of
transgression •jutil we come into an
understanding of divine law, by virtue
of which these human conditions may
be overcome and destroyed.
"Sickrj'eps Is caused by many reasons,
including vice, drink, sorrow, grief,
disappointment,, discouragement „ and
.depression. Remove them and you
have taken array a percentage of this
source of sickness that would go far
toward transforming: the earth into a
paradise. There is no sickness -without
a cause. Sickness does not come of it
self. The true office of the physician
is to remove the czvss. and not to doc
tor the effects. The best remedy for
tho<»e forms of sickness v/hich are
WnoTrn to be the direct result of wrong
Jlvir.g is to sU>p the wrong living and
go to livir.s rightly.
After sneaking of the experiences of
Rev. Mrs. Eddy t£at led her to found
the creed, the speaker stated that
Christian Science is founded on the
tenets of the mother church, which
constitute its declaration of faith.
He quoted the tenets of the creed,
composed of adherence to truth; the
belief in the infinite Ood; the acknowl
edgment of Christ, his Son; the un
derstanding that sin and evil are un
real, hence not eternal; the belief that
sin is punished, so long as it lasts; that
Christ's atonement is the evidence of
divine love; that man is saved through
divine love, truth and life, as demon
strated by the Galilean prophet in the
healing of the sick and the overcom
ing of sin and death.
".In speaking of the ills of mankind.
Judge Hanna said that evil and sin
and sickness were not the works of
God, that he did not create nor send
them, and they are no part of his law.
Judge Hanna handled his subject in
& clear and convincing manner, and he
anaJyxed his theme in the plainest of
langr-iajre.
The speaker dealt with the leading
phases of Christian Science, its aims
and purposes of uplifting and en
nobling. He explained the textbook of
the creed, of which the Rev. Mary
Baker G. Eddy of Boston is the author,
ixi.il which was first published in 1S75.
Christian Science was explained to be
a thorough exegesis of the Scriptural
method of healing all manner of dis
eases and of curing ail manner of sin
through the understanding of God as
an all-present. aJl-powerful, all-wise
&nd universal mind.
"Christian Science" w£3 the topic of
an acdrvss delivered last evening by
Judge Septimus J. Karma of Colorado
Sprirgs, Colo., that attracted an aud
ience to the Alhazibra Theater taxing
the building to its capacity.
The gathering was a representative
one, and the careful attention accorded
to Judge Hanna was a proof that all
present desired to obtain further
kxowledge of the cresd that is world
wide in its scope.
> The - Rev. Dr. Freeman T>. Bovard's
list of Bishops who are coming to San
Francisco for th© convention includes
the following:
Bishop S. M. 'Merrill. Chicago; Bishop E.
O. Andreas. New York; Bishop H. W. War
ren. Denver; Btehop C. D. Foss, Philadelphia;
Bishop C. H Fowler. Buffalo: Bishop W. F.
Mallalleu Boston; Bishop J. N. Fitzgerald, St.
Louis; Bishop L>. A. Goodsell, Chattanooga;
Bishop I. W. Joyoe, Minneapolis; Bishop Earl
Cranston Portland, Or. ; Bishop D. H. Moore,
Shanghai China; Bishop J. W. Hamilton, Ban
Francisco* Bishop C. C. McCabe, Washington,
D C. ; Bishop J. C. Hartsell. Africa: Bishop
Thoburn.- India, and Bishop Warns, Manila.
The Rev. Dr. George B. Smyth was
elected chairman of the executive com
mittee of arrangements and the Rev.
E. t P. Dennett secretary, and then a
resolution welcoming the Bishops \o
the city was unanimously and cordially
adopted. Various committees were
elected to prepare for the convention.
LARGE SUMS FOB MISSIONS.
The Rev. W. S. Mathews delivered
an address on the recent session of the
general . missionary *ommittee recent
ly held in Omaha. He gave an account
of the distribution of the money raised
for home and foreign missions by the
Methodist church throughout the Unit
ed States, which amounted to $2,421,000,
an increase "of over $180,000 over last
year. :^v~;'
The regular Monday meeting of the
Ministers' Association of the Presbyte
rian Church took place yesterday at 922
Sacramento street. The Rev. W. K.
Guthrie, minister of the First Presby
terian Church, gave some thoughts
that he said were suggested by read
ing Professor James' book on the va
rieties of religious experience. The
Rev. Mr. Guthrie said that Professor
James' standing was high scientifically
and that any work he published would
naturally 'attract attention.
He considered that Professor James
had treated his subject in a sympa
thetic'manner," holding that no special
class or school had endeavored to give
a fair hearing to the great many varie
ties of religious experiences. Value
was not determined by origin, said Rev.
Mr. Guthrie, but by results, and un
doubtedly in individual cases there
were many varied forms of religious
belief, he said, that brought peace of
mind, independence of character and
noble nature to individuals.
At the meeting of the Monday Club
of Congregational Ministers held at
the Young Men's. Christian Association
yesterday the Rev. "William Rader pre
sided, and a paper was read by the Rev.
Joseph Rowell, his subject being "The
Man Who Was Left."
Methodist ministers of San Frandsco
held an important meeting at Epworth
Hall, 1037 Markerf street, yesterday,
when the matter of the forthcoming
missionary convention, which will take
place in this city the latter end of April
of next year, was discussed at length.
. The Bev. H. B. Heacock was in the
chair. . Dr. George B. Smytb, mission
ary secretary on the Pacific Coast,
brought up the convention for discus
sion, and it was stated that no less
than sixteen Bishops of the Methodist
Episcopal church .will attend. At the
convention which closed In Philadelphia
last October there was an attendance
of over 6000, and it Is estimated that
almost that number, will b« present at
the convention when ita sessions are
opened in this city.
BISHOPS WHO WILIi ATTEND.
Audiencs Fills tha Alhambra
Theater to Listen to
Discourse.
Many Pained Bishops Will
Join the Important
Conference.
Missionary Society of
Methodist Church to
Meet Here. .
"Christian Science" Is
Subject of His
Addresa
JUDGE HANNA
EXPLAINS GREED
BIG CONVENTION
FOR THIS CITY
NEGRO ROBS AGED WOMAN AND THEN
STARTS ON WILD RUN FOR FREEDOM
Mrs. Ellen Dougherty, While on Her Way to a Butcher Shop, Is Held
Up at Corner of Fell and Laguna Streets by Isaac Ghufe, a
Colored Elevator Operator, Who Takes Her Purse From Her
THB SAN FISANCJSCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24. 1903.
Dougherty's home. She at first said
she did not think he was the man, but
after taking another - look at him was
positive in her identification. Chub
was taken to the City Prison and
booked on a . charge of robbery. He
had no revolver on him when searched
nor was the purse found in hlsj pockets.
He had, it was thought, thrown the
purse away during his flight. The of
ficers made a careful search over the
route taken by Chub, but could not find
the purse.
Chub denied that he had laid a hand
upon Mrs. Dougherty, and asserts he
made no attempt to take her purse.
He said he had spent Sunday night at
the Chutes, and as he had missed the
last car he decided to walk home.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Always _ Remember : the Fall .N§me .
f axative Rromo Qr^nine
Cores a Cold in One Day, Cripta 2 Days
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 5 XXOBTS — LAST 3 XATDnBZS.
TO-NIOHT AM) ALL. THIS WEEK.
Evenings at S— M&tlnees To-morrow, Thunixj
acd Saturday at 2.
SLAW & ERLAKGER'S
Stupendous Production of General 'WaJJscVs
"BEN HUR"
Dramatised by William Touac
Music by Edj-ar StillAan Kelley. ' »•¦•»
Positively Last Performance of "BEN HXJR**
Next Saturday NIcht, November 23.
Special Matlnea Tb.anksjrlvla.jr Say. *
i Prices — $3. S1.50. SI. 75o and 8Oc
- NEXT BUM DAT MATXNXB
Opening of the Kesrolar Combination
Season. For One \7eex Only.
Tho Famous Scenic Melodrama,
OVER NIAGARA FALLS
Artonndlnff Electrical Effects.
All Special Scenery.
Sont Miss the Realistic and Marvelous
Hlagrara Palls Scene.
Begrular Prices— 15c. 35c, 50c, 73c.
SEATS WOW ON SAM.
BEGTTIiAB MATINEES 1— - SXTJTDAT.
THUHSOAT Ajn> BATUKPAT.
TIV0LRS5&
TO-2TIGHT
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE
XX THE OLD HOME OP MUSIC AJTO
soara.
—IN AID OF THE—
VERDI MONUMENT FUND.
Special Selections from the Greatest of
the Grand Operas.
ALL THE ABTISTS WILL APPEAS.
¦ ' ' '
PBICES AS USXTAL.
ALCAZAR"M£~
_____ General Manajer.
"The Alcaxar Is to San Franciscans what th«
Empire Is to New Yorkers." — The News Let-
ter.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. 8AT. AND SUNDAY.
A TREMENDOtTS HIT.
A POOR s-
RELATION iir
Quaintly, bumorous. delightfully pathetic,
peopled with little children and reeoundlna* with
song-.
EXTRA 'MATINEE THANKSGIVINO.
Evg s.. 23c to 73c; Matinees. 13c to 80a.
NEXT — Tht» Romance of Russia,
A BOYAL PBISONEB.
CENTRAtr"*
Belasco & Mayer, Proprietor*.
Market st., near Eighth. Phons South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATTii»ES THANK8GIVINO, SA.TCRDAT
AND SUNDAY.
The Immensely Successful Comedy Melodrama,
MIDNIGHT IN CHINATOWN.
Vivid Pictures of Uf« In San Francisco's Ori-
ental Quarter!
Scenes on the. "Barbary Coast."
The Police Raid on tha Opium Denst
Thrilling Incidents! Humor In Abundance t
rKlvC3. Matinees 10o. ISo, 2Sa
Monday, November 30.
THB COUNTERFEITERS.
FINAL RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO PLAYER
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 29. at 3 p. ra .
to
STEINWAY HALL.
Another Piano Recital will b« given by Me.
Percival K. Van Ycrx at the piano, with
the aid of
TH IB ANGELUS.
SOLOIST,
Mr. Joe Rosborough,
Barytone.
Complimentary tickets may b« secured at oar
store any time before tha recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. ~.
Racing lllll^kiiw!
0AK1AND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing November 14.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Sals*. ;
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. ,
12:30. 1:00 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking la
Ust . two cars, which are reserved for ladles
and : their ; escorts.
Returning, trains lea v» track at 4:13 and
.4:43 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY . W. } TREAT. Secretary.
WEE^CALL
16 Pages. $1 pep YcaP
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Miss Rose Hennessy, well
known as a poetess and elocu-
tionist, of Lexington, Ky., tells
how she was cured of uterine
inflammation and ovaritis by the
use of lo'dia E Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
" DeabMbs. Pdteiam:— For years I
enjoved the best of health and thought
that'lwo aid always do so. I attended
parties and receptions thinly clad, and
would be suddenly chilled, but I did
n«rt J-bink of the results. I caught a
bad cold eighteen months ago .while
menstruating-, and this caused inflam-
mation of the womb and congested
oraries. I suffered excruciating pains
and kept pcrtinj worse. My attention
was called to your Vegetable 'Com-
pound and Um wonderful cures it had
performed, and I made up ray mind to
try it for two months and see what it
would do for me. Within one month I
felt much better, and at the close of tho
second I was entirely welL
• •• I have advised a number of my
ladr friends to use it, and all express
themselves as well satisfied with^ the
results as I was." — Miss Eosk Noba.
Heitxesst, 410 S. Broadway, Lexing-
ton, Kv. — $5000 forfeit If original efebov* l€tr
Ur proving genuineness cannot fce proiicti*
: : • '. at>v KH.TTanH
Tbe Band You Have Always Bought lias borne the signa-
ture of Ghas. II. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
" Just-os-good" are but Experiments, and endanger the
heal tli of CMldrexi — Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing- Syrtrps. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other INarcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys "Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cores Diarrhoea and "Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething' Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving: healthy and natural sleep. '
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend. t
Tie Kind Yrajare Always Boujpit
ym Bears the Signatnre of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
, TMB CCWTAUn COMPANY, TT MUMMAV STnKCT, KCWTOft* CITT.
Liebig Company's '
Extract of Beef
~ See that tha label baa
this signature in blue :
There are a dozen , Imitations.
some adulterated and worthies* '
and all Inferior. Some even bear ¦
the name "Lleblff." Avoid dU>
appointment by asking for the
¦ ' genuine
tjebig Company^
For forty y«ar« the first
j8lMUSE3HENTS.
fAblFORNIA]
UJ THEME HTDOTXS Ij?™*!
. J OVATION! \M li
AT THE GREAT CAST.
AI f\ ESTHA WILLIAM^,
\Jl^U JAMES BROPHY. '
PDO^^ JANE CORCORAN,
Wl\.Vy_?-? JULIA BLAJIC
ROADS. « dothe -
Til SPECIAL MATINEE l_Hi|
l| ¦- . . THANKSGIVING^ j g,^ |
HEATRUl
MATINEES EVERY 'WEDNESnAY. THURS-
DAY. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Annie Abbott; . Annenis-Ti to Quar-
tette; Bryant and Saville; Searl
and Violet Allen; "Wright Hnnt-
ington and Company; Three Zol-
lars; Serra and Bella-Rosa; The
Brittons and ' Orpheum Motion
Pictures, Illustrating the lite of
Napoleon. : -£g2jj
Reserved Seats 2,"*! Balcony lOo
Box Seats and Opera Chairs 60a
LAST 6 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATCTRDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
VIRGINIA HARNED
In Plnero's Masterpiece,
"IRIS"
This famous play has set all San Francisco
talking. ¦ •
Sunday Night. November 29 — German per-
formance by a strong cast.
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL"
("At the White Horse Tavern.")
Next Monday — Elaborate Production of
"WAY DOWN EAST"
THE OLD STORY PACKED AGAIN.
And This is the Last Week of
[rubes and roses"
MATINEE ON THANKSGIVING.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
I-O-U.
A Marvelously Funny, New and Original Bur-
lesque. Strictly Up-to-Date, Everything New
and Magnificent, Will be Seen Here on MON-
DAY NIGHT NEXT.
Our "All Stir" Cast. Including: KOLB and
DILL. BARNEY BERNARD. WINFIELD
BLAKE. MAUDE AMBER, GEORGIA O*RA-
MEY, BEN T. DILLON.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
First Appearance of the Althea Twins.
A Great Show EYery Afternoon and Evening
- in the Theater.'
SEE THE COLORED BABY IN THE INFANT
INCUBATOR.
HA.MADRYAS XJT THB ZOO!
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
AMATEUR NIGHT WEDNESDAY.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS THANKSGrVIXO.
When Phoning Ask for "Th» Chutes."
lalatV ece the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
flflfl « room, th* EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, tho
n j PALM ROOM, tha
Iff/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
UiaiUl LOR, and the LA.
nil DIES' WRITING
Hotels | room. i
13 Ban ppa H nS5 _i laa H
H ii H-ifill ,'81'^L HtL^JbI
Weak Men aod Women
SHOULD USE' DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
, - Great 1 Mexican Remedy : gives health and
¦trensth to sexual organic- Depot,- 823 Market.If our neighbors had as few faults as
ourselves, what a pleasant old world this
would be to live In.
BRADDOCK, ; Pa., - ; Nov. ; 23.— With Im
posing ceremonies and In th'e "presence
of a . large ; throng of • communicants | the
new.. $125,000 edifice of the St. Thomas
Roman; Catholic Church, the gift , of Mr.
and | Mrs:. Charles M. - Schwab, 'was ; dedl
cated to-day.>- ¦.: y >- A ; •
PARIS, Nov. 23.-The suit of Tod Sloan
the American Jockey, against the Jockey
Club for £8000 damages was' called for
trial to-day. The suit is brought on the
ground that the action of the Jockey Club
In excluding Sldan frojn the weighing-in
lnclosure and all training grounds - con
trolled by. the society was without Jus
tification., Sloan was accused of exercis
ing a horse. Rose de Mai, at Chantilly
without authority. = The horse v won the
Prix de" Diane on " May 20, after having
been backed down from 12 to 4 to LlThe
case, will be resumed next Monday, when
Maitre Meusser will present the argument
in behalf of the Jockey Club. '¦¦"*"¦;;»
American Rider Wants £8000 Be
cause He Was Excluded Prom
Jockey Club Track.
TOD SLOAN'S DAMAGE
SUIT IN PABIS BEGINS
A sinking master oft makes a rising
man. • % v -
,'rA' new and improved schedule of hours
and wages adopted by the Gas and Elec
trical Workers of the Street Railroads of
this city received the approval of the
council. , —
A vote of thanks has been tendered to
George B. Benham. resigned,, for his uni
form- courtesy while presiding over the
Printing Pressmen's Union. .'".""¦ -"
That there may be no collision be
tween employers and union hands, Secre
tary-Treasurer C. A.' Peterson of the In
ternational Carriage and Wagon
Union has 'notified- the '.uniontf^not' to en
ter I into any "agreement with their em
ployers except as to wages and hours of
labor. •
A. li. Smith of Fresno, C. Rosenhaim
of San Jose, J. H. Moritz of Oakland,
Miss Carrie Palmer of Stockton, C. B.
Scully of San Francisco, T. Bohen of
Vallejo.
Miss Palmer was chosen president of
the board. It was decided to apply to
the Shirt Waist and Laundry Workers'
International Union for a charter for the
new council. A request will also be made
to the national body for 'funds to assist
in the organisation of the French laun
dry workers of the.coast. A constitution
and by-laws were adopted. The question
of a uniform wage scale was discussed.
Arrangements ' were also mide for the
holding of a State convention of laundry
workers at San Jose on January 3. ,
A committee of three was appointed
by the Janitors' Protective Union to arbi
trate the differences existing between
the employers over the new trade rules
lately made by the union. A like com
mittee will be appointed from the Labor
Council at its next meeting to co-operate
with the janitors.
A meeting of the State District Coun
cil of Laundry Workers met and organ
ized with the following as a board of di
rectors:
Fifty men and more-than one hundred
women cloakmakers walked out on a
strike yesterday morning. The reason
assigned for the strike is the refusal of
the employers to give their help a half
day off on Saturday afternoons. Several
conferences have been held, and the ob
stinacy of both sides resulted in the tie
up. The executive council of the Labor
Council will take up the issue at its
meeting to-morrow night and try to ad-
Just matters satisfactorily to both sides
before declaring a boycott on the repre
sented firms.
Walkout Is Result of Refusal of Em
ployers to Grant^Half
Day Off.
UNION CLOAKMAKEKS STRIKE
FOR SHORTER WORKING HOURS
Sixth Race.— One mile; all ages- nur»- "^
<<«3 Modicum <D. S. Foun aln) :.. P e " 101
(5*55) Ben MacDhul (P. Rvan) : "i09
( SS?^ W *% Nlcht (Puerl WJlkVrsonV/.V 103
5320 Lacy Crawford (B Sehreiber? S
(5347) Diderot (J. P. AtkinV). .. . . . !. V.V.V.'.IOB
•Apprentice allowance.
PROBABLE "WINNERS.
Second race— Erne, X O V, Shtllmount
Thlrfl race— Ca.clae. p. E '. Shaw/MUl-*
tary Man.
G«£o1k. ""• - To " U - Oalantliu..
Plfth race— Mildred Schultz, Quiet
Evander. •>*»**» *,
Sixth race — Ben MacDhui, Warte
Wicht. Diderot. wane
upward ; R . a e C l»;g! X ' Url ° ng8: '^^^ and
(5313 'Quiet (H. E. Rowell) ....... • ....105
r??I « Jot / ny <Tade * Co.) 105
.v«2 Saintly (T. Crowe) . lot
SS2 t PouI PIny fJ - S - Nlch ol*> ..."I"!'. 9S
5ir 3 ?d a og e o"< j s. c R°ia (w - M - «*¦«>••••»}
5334 Loyal S (V. Gilbert) ".'.'.'. : ' 11 •«
4450 Evander (W. Fisher) ......'..'. 107
4,90 Tom Slavin (T. D' Clifford) lio
5340 'Mildred Schultz (H. I Wilion)' ! !! i." ! \«
.Wyoming (G. Berry) !lO7
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling:
(5.714) Grec-nock (J. Woods) lOK
(5826) Mfchanus (F. W. Doss) 108
5344 'Galanthus (Mrs. J. Coffey) ns
5342 'Burdock (H. F. Parks) ft«
5328 'Vflte.rano (W. Vlvell) &S
5341 'Invtctus (Mrs. Gabriel) ..: »s
(5311) Fossil (Parker & Co.). ..... . Kw
5311 Chub (Pelter & Co.) 105
0340 Pat Morrlssey (T. Wellman) 116.
C3.16 Handpress <\V. P. Magrane) lOtf
Second Race — Seven furlongs; three-year
olds and upward; selling:
Dora Thorn (W. Jensen) lot
5312 Sherry <J. Woods) 1C0
5.-S2S Krne fj. Curl) 101
47CK 'Yellowstone (W. P. Fine) 105
49(15 Shell Mount <T. Wellman) 100
5324 Adirondack (Shannon & Co.) 07
5340 'Step Around (F. Devln) 09
fit44 Cane.io <E. E. Merrill) 107
5341 I O U (C. W. Chappelle) 100
Third Race — Five and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse: /
5337 Military Man (T.* G Ferguson) 104
Ebony I Hamilton Stable) 104
5011 F E. Shaw (\\\ B. Sink) 110
5319 Libbi* Candid (O. A. Appleby) 101
4j20 Cascine (Burns & Waterhouse) 110
5337 Ananias (J. F. Schorr) \(H
The Jew (I. Wilson) 101
Ethel G (J. Burns) ioi
ENTBIES FOB TO-DAY.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
KCJO 'Nullah (George McKenzl*) ........102
S33O Flourish <F. Pclk) 110
6338 'Prince Bla«« (E. Herz) 105
6344 'Mountebank (Keating & Co.).. . . . : . .102
531R Rlnaldo (Slskiyou Stable) 103
4119 Jennie Hughes (W. Hughes) 107
5397 Augie (S.- F. Capps) 110
4205 Torilla <A. Ray & Co.) 107
Ed Lanlgan (R. Peters) no
5336 'Roltalre (Kirk & Co.) 105
was ruled off the turf by the stewards of
the Western Jockey Club.
Orosius had an attack of catarrrhal fever
at Hawthorne track la.«t summer and the
colt is now a bit thick-winded. The same
disease carried off a number of good
horses at the Corrigan track.
The Thanksgiving handicap, to be de
dued on Thursday, will be worth more \
than $3000 and promises to be a high-class
event. AH of the better class of horses
are entered. The weights were announced
yesterday and are as follows:
Winners of other than selling purse after
the weights are bulletined must carry five
pounds extra,
Kenllworth 117 Fort II 104
Claude lit, Futurlta i<w.
Lucien Appleby 114 Horatlua 102
Albula 113 Royal Rogue 102
Proper 113 Byron Rose 102
Corrigan m'Dlderot 101
H*au Ormonde 112 Alfredo 101
The Giver Ill Diamante 100
Folon 110 Ink 100
Ken MacDhul ll<>i Huntress* 99
Bcnwalbe 109 ! Barklylte W)
Leader 108|Jaretlerre d'Or .... flS
Incubator 10S Plrateer flft
Epicure 1C8 Forest King J»8
Dlvina 10S Watercure n«»
Carat 107 Jockey Club PS
Evea G 107 Lord' Melbourne ... 05
Fauleonbrldge 107 Arcade B5
Daisy Green 100 Harry Beck f)5
Yellow Tail Kk. Grail 93
Arabo lOCrCursus »4
Our Bessie lORINMgrette 93
Eonlc 100 Ishtar 83
Emshee ...lOSJBuccleuth 93
Dainty 105]Caronal »2
Major Tenny 105|Ro«arie 90
Hermencla 104 Lacy Crawford .... 90
Allopath 104 Ultruda 8S
Mansard IWjOro Viva 87
Honlton 1041
There will be a polo game beginning
at 3 o'clock on Thanksgiving day at- the
Country Club field at Burllngame.
The reds will be E. W. Howard, P.
A. Driscoll, W. A. McCreery and J. D.
Tobin. The whites will be C. Dunphy,
R. M. Tobln, Laurence McCreery and
Francis Carolan. . "¦«
Polo at Burlingame.
After, finishing his work on the bag
the champion did shadow fighting. He
held one-pound dumb-bells in his hands
and danced all over the improvised ring.
He imagined he . had Fitz before - him
and lunged out . in ' a businesslike
fashion. .., George kept this : up . for ten
minutes and then went downstairs for
a ; rub-down. In the morning he ; took
a two-mile sprint through the canyon
and satisfied himself that his wind and
limbs were in perfect shape.
-Gardner will do no more boxlng.'For
the last ', four weeks ' he has labored
In punching the bag yesterday Gard
ner landed knock-out blows for twenty
minutes and wa£ breathing naturally
at : the end of this energetic exercise.
The bag was a heavy one and Gardner
did not attempt fancy work. He sim
ply smashed the leathern globe with
either, hand as if he were aiming at
Fitz's jaw. Every blow resounded
through the gymanslum. < "Sandy" Fer
guson's blows on the same bag ten
minutes before were love taps in com
parison. • -."
GARDNER IN FINE SHAPE;
Fitz certainly has some of his old
time fire. In training he has shown ag
gressivenes and punching ability and
every visitor to the training quarters
marvels at his physical powers. In
private he has hammered Joe Kennedy
and Sammy Berger to his heart's con
tent. In public he has allowed his
sparring partners to lambaste him at
will. In fubllc he has coughed and
shown his awkwardness in order that
reports of his form may reach • his
young opponent. If Fitz hopes to de
ceive Gardner into a state of overcon
fldence he is deceiving himself. Gard
ner facetiously remarked yesterday
that "Fitz has more 'stalls' than a
livery stable." Gardner says he is
on to Fitz's tricks. He has seen Fitz
battle a number of times and knows
his style. He has the advantage of
the Cornishman, as the latter has ne.ver
seen Gardner In the ring. *-
Gardner is -in magnificent condition.
His "whole body is a mass of hidden
muscles. He is a handsome specimen
of manhood, full of vigor and confident
he will beat the lanky blacksmith.
Gardner's skin is as white as an in
fant's".' His head is supported by a
massive neck and his broad shoulders
would attract attention at all times.
His arms are well developed. The
muscles are supple and he uses his fists
with great skill. •.-.-¦
FITZ STILL FOXY.
Gardner will go into the ring a
heavier man than his opponent. He
will have the same reach, and, in the
opinion of many who have seen the
Lowell boxer perform, just as hard a
punch. Fur's shoulders are no broader
than Gardner's.
There seems to be but one topic in
ring circles nowadays and that is the
Gardner-Fitzsimmons contest, which
will be held ln Mechanics' Pavilion to
morrow evening. Interest in this
match grows keener as the hour of bat
tle draws near. The merits of both
men have been weighed and their
chances of-, victory discussed. Fitz
seems to have experience and the power
to land knock-out punches in his fa
vor. On the other hand, Gardner has
youth and vigor, cleverness and speed.
Despite all these requisites that have
made Gardner a champion in the light
heavy-weight class, the supposedly wise
men are picking Fitzsimmons to win
and the odds are 10 to 9. Those who are
playing the short end are banking on
the old adage that "youth will be
served." • .
"If I don't defeat Fltz," said George, •
"it is because he Is a better man than
I am. 'I have no excuses to offer. I
never felt better In my life. My hands
are in fine shape and I feel stronger
and am bigger than ever before. Fitz
is tricky and I will fight carefully, if
we get to in-flghting he will imagine
he has been hit by a battering ram. I
have not mapped out my fight. I don't
say I will crowd him as I did when I
fought Carter. The battle will develop
different moves on my part. I know
I am going against the 'foxiest* man
in the' ring. If youth, strength and a
desire to- win count for anything I
will win."
"Billy" Delaney, the veteran trainer,
will go behind Fltzsimmons. He agreed
to do so on one condition, that he re
ceive no compensation. He told Fitz
'that he would second him because of
LOWELL MAN CONFIDENT.
Gardner showed a few days ago that
he could handle "Sandy" Ferguson, the
big heavy-weight who Is matched to I
box Jack Johnson. Gardner boxed two
rounds with Ferguson and "Sandy" had '
enough. Gardner did not attempt to i
knock Ferguson out. He simply kept
jabbing Ferguson's head back and
making the big fellow look ridiculous.
Ferguson tried to even the score yes
terday by trying to knock Harry Foley
out. Foley showed to advantage
against the human "ice wagon." Harry
caught "Sandy" flush on the nose in a
mix-up and Ferguson tried to knock
Harry through the window, but Foley
side-stepped out of danger.
hard, and Is In readiness for the sound
of the gong. After being massaged by
Foley and Barry, he weighed in for
the newspaper men and tipped the
beam at 168 pounds. Gardner will be
gin "drying out" to-morrow, and when
he weighs ln on Wednesday afternoon
at Corbett's he says he will weight 167
pounds.
LIGHT HEAVY- WEIGHT CHAMPION' OF THE WORLD. WHO IS
MATCHED. TO FIGHT BOB FITZSIMMONS TO-MORROW NIGHT UN
DER THE AUSPICES OF THE YOSEMITE ATHLETIC CLUB.
OAKLAND BACETRACK — MONDAY, Nov. 23. — Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
5.14S. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling: three-year-olds; value to flrat. $325.
lndrx Horte and Owner. Wt St. H. '?• gtr - ** ln - Jockey. Op. Cl.
5320 Dotterel <F. J. O'Rourke) «? 2 ... S1^8o 2 •& 1 2 Kunz 3 5
531« Quatre <E. Tierney) SU 8 ... 3 % 5 4 1 'i 2 ns R. Wilson.. 5 ¦*
6330 Toto Gratiot <E. liarron) 102 1 ... 4 % 4 1 3 n 3 % Htlderbrnd « 0
WIG Batldor OV. P. Fine) .101 3 ... 1 h 11 4 >4 4 u, J. Martin.. 10 12
C:«0 Merwan (J. J McAllester)... 108 7... 813 n' 51 S3 I. Powell.. 10 15
M24 Tamra <\V. P. Magrane) 112 11 ...1110 7 2 7 2. «S Waterbury 15 30
5.124 Leash (L Levy) 0<J 4 ... 0 h 8 V a 8 1 7 >,4 Chandler . . 4 3
M12 Indlna (Stockton Stable) «4 10 ... 10 n 10 2 9 1 8 2 J. I^ewla... 30 40
51S(J iMaraie (Figaro Stable) 102 0 ... 7 n » 2 10 2 8 2 V, Jackson. 20 ao.
&.WW (The Counselor <YV E. Cotton) ©4 12 ... 12 12 111 10 1»<, W. Daly... 5<> ICO
4379 IA1 Callahan (R. PniJer) 103 » ... 9 1 XI 3 12 Jl 4 Haack .... 30 30
4433 |So Bo (J. C. Xealon) _.. 104 5 ..._2 4 2 _% _°_ '^l? D."H*U'.^ S 7
Time— :26Vi. :52. 1:16. At post 1U minutes. Oft at 2:l*Ht Dotterel, place, 2; Bbow, 1.
Quatre, place. 8-0; show, 4-5. Toto show, 1. \Vlnnrr, b. t. by Governor Foraker-
Queen Hird. Trained by A. C. Rldey. Start good. Won going away after a drive.
Xext four driving. Winner was best to-day. Quatre wan played and will take pome
beating ne*t time out. Matidor quit.' Tamm ott poorly. Learn had no epeed. So So
blew up. Indina showed early epeed.
tiii-V.t. SECOND RACE — Five furlcnrs; purse; maiden 2-year-olds; value to flrtt, $325.
Index | Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. %. % . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
.... !Otto Stifel (B. Schreiber).... 100 2 ... 1 h 1 2 1 1 h D. Hall.... S-5 7-5
45S8 (Sir Appleby (T. Q. Ferruaon) 100 5 ... a % 3 2 2 h 2 ?4 Connell ... 15 20
5.119 M. May Bowdish (njasinrm). 1C5 11 ... 10 10 0 2 4 2 3 2 Crooswalte 25 30
6325 Harbor (H. E» llowcll) 113 4 ... 5%5n51 43 Adkins .... 7-2 4
Ktt7 Florlana Bell CMiller & Co.). 10?. 1 ... 4h 71 « 2 52 Illldebrnd, . 7 12
Effervescence (Mrs. Coffey)..,10» 9 ... 8 1>44 >£ 3 h « *& L,. Spencer. 30 30
5325 The Bugaboo (Epplnger) 10:1 6 ... « n 10 0 9 2 7 2 J. Daly.... 7 8
4461 Bombardier (W. U. Jftnning>i).]lO3 7 ... 7 t$ 0 'i 7 >,4 8 H J. Martin.. 5 5
5341 St. Yusef (Kentucky Stable)..' 103 3 ... 2 1'42 1 8 2 9 Hi Chandler .. CO 100
5325 | Minimum (M. Jones) 103 10 ... 9 2 8 W0 6 10 0 Terrell 30 30
iMaxetta (L. Jeuness) |lO3 8 ... 11- 11 11 11 Hanck 1 30 30
Time — :2C. :52. 1:0j. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:4S%. Otto, place. 7-10; sl.ow, 1-3.
Appleby, place, 7: show. 3. Bowdish, show 4. Winner, b. c. by Saln-Wetunka,
Trained by W. Whalen. Scratched — Samar. Start rood. Won ln a hard drive of three.
Hall's riding landed Otto tlrst. He was looking for a hammock the last elphth. Miss
May BowUish could have won with a stronger rider up. Effervescence ran a nice race
after getting away badly. The Isugaboo got lost ln the discard. Bombardier will Improve.
o:i."»l>. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse; all ages; value to first, $325.
Ind*x| Horre and Owner. IWt St. %. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
< 5322) S*n Nicholas, 4 (B. & W.) ]1O9 2 ... 12^12 1 1 1 % Adkins 1 ' 1 4-5
<r>.{40)]MartlnmaB. 3 (Henshall) H07 1 ... 3 3 3 3 2 1%2 Vt Otis 3 16-5
5309 'Royal Rogue. 4 (Nealon) IOC. 4 ... 2 >4 2 2^3 2 :i 1«, U. Hall ... 2 5-2
5341 iDiingannon, 2 (Km-belkamp). . 83 3 ... 4 8 4 15 4 25460 Knapp 12 30
51S4 ;.St. Wilda. 4 (R. City Stable). 103 5 ... 5 5 5 5 J. Lewla .. 40 200
Time — :24* 4 . :50. 1:17. At post Vt minute. Off at 3:11. San Nicholas, place. 2-5: show, 1-5.
Martinmas, place. 3-5; show. out. Rogue, out. Winner., blk. h. by Reggie- Vlrjfinia Dara.
Trained by D. Stone. Start good. Won ridden out to the la«t ounce. Next two driving
hard. San Nicholas tired near the close and Adkins took him ln toward the rail. Otis on
Martinmas claimed a foul, which was disallowed. Latter was groggy as the winner.
Rogue will be difficult to beat on a dry track. Others outclassed.
5.151. FOURTH RACE — 1 mile and 50 yards; selling; 4-y*>ar-olds and up; value to first, $325.
I Index | Horse and Owner. WtlSt. % . vT. %• Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op] cT.
r.344 Thatcher. 0 (Hastings). 103| 3 1 3^1 2H1 2^1 2^1 2^4|J. Martin.. 4 8
B338 IDr. IJernays. a (J. Con.vay). .]10.i! 4 5 4 1J43 4 2 n 2 5 IW Waldo.. 4-5 0-10
C334 Iltoi"? of Jlav, 4 Udrk & Co.).| ns 2 3 % 2 2 2 2 3 8 3 4 |J. Lewl»... 3 4
."?31N iHed Tip, 4 (J. Henderson) 106 1 4 3Vi-'> •» 5 4 15 4 10 |I. Powell... 15 20
5342 !Max Iien<llx. 5 (SchrPlber). . . . Kx;| 5 2 1 :l U 5 5 5 ID. Hall 15 20
I Time — :25»i. :C2. 1 :20Vi. 1:18. 1:51. At pcFt % minute. OT at :t::tO. Harry Thatcher, place,
! 7-10; show. 3-10. Iir. Bernays. place, 2-5: show out. Rose of May, show, l-.'{. Winner,
l>. K. by Pirate of Petizance-MIss Lexington. Trained by J. H. Harris. Scratched — Red
wald. Start eo<vl. Won ridden out. Next two driving. Winner bid up from $400 to $700
and retained. Thatcher was ready and the going fitted htm. Dr. Bernays no excuse. Rose
of May ran a fair race.
r>ft.*>a. FIFTH RACK— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. %. a i. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
Cut; iPickaway <A. J. Jackson) Mi 3 ... 1 l'jl Hil 2 13 jj. Lewis... 6 7
K115 'Mr. Dingle (S. Judge) 108, 2 ... 5 »*'. 5 2^.4 >i 2 n |J. Martin.. 6 0
(Pluck (M. J. Daly) 10»| 1 ... 3 h 4 n 6 2>i3 5 |J. Daly.... 5 »!
5172 jPlratlcal (Kl Primero stable). !f.»j 7 ... 7 7 7 4 2 |L. Spencer. " CO ' 100
5312 ! Elfin King (P. Herzog) |105 5 ... 4 2 3 3 2 .>i 5 2Vi ! FerreU ml 15
6327 iOroslus tBuckley & Bailey). .(104 4 ... 2 2 2 l«i:t ty « n lOtls ™-5 7-'»
5*M0 l Ballroom B»-1I* (A. Josephs).. 94 « ... « lV.fl 4 Cl 7 JReed ...... 3 .9-2
S.T30 IDuk Martin (V. Gllh.*rt). . ¦ . . .jlQ0( Left ... *... |HIlilerbrnd 10 25
Tim* — :2r>'*.. :01, 1:14»4. At post 4Mi minutes. Off at 4:01^. Pickaway. place, 2: show,
1. Dingle, place, 2; show, 4-5. Pluck, shew, 1. Winner, rh. g. by Piccolo- Marcelle.
Trained by A. J. Jackson. Scratched — Bee Rosewater. -Start good for all but Dug Mar
tin. Won easily. Next two driving hard. Pickaway had speed to burn. After trying
to catch him, Orosius melted away. Mr. Dingle ran his race. Pluck was sore, but loos
e.n^d up through the stretch. Ballroom Belle no speed. Elfin King went the overland.
o.'t.Vt. SIXTH RACE — One mile; gelling; 3-year-olds and upward: value to first. f.t25.
Index j Hors- and Owner. IWt I St. »4~I *$] % . fitr. Fin. j Jockey. OfT CK
K46 (Lord Melbourne. 3 (Uender)..| 118 5 2 I'i2 n 1 n 12 1 « Oliphant .. " 4-5 1
(.-»310)'Glenarvon. 3 (W. Wsher) 10»J « In 1 1H2 2Vi2 3 2 \^ W. Waldo.. 3 9-2
<5341)IAnvil 3 U\ E. Murry & Co.). 103 1 3 »4 4 2>43 1>&3 1 3 \\' 3 Ferrell .... 4 16-5
KU0 :La«t Knight. 4 (Lsmasney). . 112 4 5^53 « 41&42 D. Hall 10 10
5304 ICambaceres, 5 (Gilbert & C.r).:iO4 2 « »! 5 n 5 3 5 0 Hildebrnd . 8 15
S-t3« JHgg Nogg. 3 (S. G. Morton).. | »5 3 4 3.3 1 '^4 1 « « Connell .... 10 12
Time — :2G, :5t>4. 1:18%. 1:4(5. At post minute. Off at 4:37. Melbourne, place. 2-6;
show. 1-5. Glenarvon, place, C-5: show. 3-5. Anvil, show, 2-5. Winner, b. g. by Prince
of Monaco-Gondola. Trained by S. S. Bender. Start poor. Won easing up.* Second
easily. Third driving. Lord Melbourne won at his pleasure. Anvil was poorly ridden.
Ix»st Knight Interfered with at istart. Cambaceres lacked speed. ,
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs-
Red, White and Blue won, Seagrave3 sec
ond. Circular Joe third. Time, 1:12.
Sixth race, six arid a half furlongs-
Dave Sommers won, Benmora second.
Alee third. Time. .1:25.
Third race, : six and a half furlongs —
Worthlngton won, Fleuron second, Fu
gurtha third. Time. 1:26%.
Fourth race, steeplechase, short course
—Sea Pirate won. Theory second, Mr.
Rose third. Time. 3:05'.i.
Second race, six furlongs— Lyons won,
Athena second. Miss Fleishmann' third.
Time, 1:20. , , '
First race, one mile— Beehive won, John
J. Regan second, Kilmorle third. Time,
1:49.
Sixth rage, handicap, one mile — Carbun
cle won. Unmasked second, April Show
ers third.* Time, 1:41.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 23.— Latonia. sum
mary :
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles-
Dramatist won, Fortunate second, Clover
Land third. Tme, 1:53.
Second race, five and a half furlongs-
Gold Dome won, /Jananogue second, Ni
skauna third. Time, l:09Vi.
Third race, hurdles, one and a half
mles— TrapezLn won. Draughtsman sec
ond, Meteorite third. Time, 2:53.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Alforton won,
Coppelia second, Peter Paul third. Time.
1:15 1-5. i
First race, one mile and seventy yards—
Ninespot won. Star ami* Garter second,
Miladl Love third. Time, 1:50 3-5.
Summary of the Event9 at. the Two
Eastern Tracks.
WASHINGTON, Nov. ;¦ 23.— Bennings
summary: • ; *
BENNINGS AND LATONIA BACES
"The latest suggestion on the subject,
which is -favorably received, is that
Messrs. Contes, Clark and Donaldson
should head three Beparate syndicates
and have three yachts, designed re
spectively by Watson, 1 Fife and Mylno,
the yachts to be raced throughout the
summer and the best one to be selected
to challenge in 1905."
LONDON, Nov. 23.— Peter Donaldson,
who formerly owned the famous racing
yacht Isolde, when questioned to-day
regarding the Glasgow Herald's state
ment, said that he was jiot connected
with the syndicate mentioned and
knew nothing abotit the matter.
BERLIN. Nov. 23. — Lord Lbnsdale,
who, on the occasion of his present
visit to Emperor William, is acting as
"Embassador of the American Yacht
Clubs," spent five hours with the Em
peror to-day. The delicate relations
between the Atlantic Yacht Club and
the New York Yacht Club were dis
cussed and a way satisfactory to all in
terested in the difficulty of selecting
fhe club which will present the Em
peror's trophy for a trans-Atlantic
yacht race will probably be found. In
the meantime no decisions have been
taken. *
GLASGOW, Nov. 23. — The reported
intention of Clyde yachtsmen to chal
lenge for the America's cup was to-day
confirmed by the Glasgow Herald. The
paper adds: f
* Eddie Hanlon and Young Corbett. the
feather-weight champion of the world,
were matched last night by the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club to battle twenty
rounds on December 20. They have
agreed to weigh in at 129 pounds at 6
o'clock. Corbett would not make the
match unless Manager Morris Levy
gave him 10 per cent of the irross re
ceipts as a bonus. Levy declined to do
this, but compromised by allowing the
fighters 50 per cent of the gross receipts
and Corbett 6 per cent and three rail
way tickets. The club's offer was ac
cepted by Young Corbett and the match
was made. Hanlon will go into train
ing at Croll's Gardens on December 1.
Harry Foley will look after him. aa
usual. Young Corbett will probably
train at Sheehan's on the oc*an beach.
Harry Tuthlll and Tim McGrath will
put him into condition. Manager George
Weeden will look after the champion's
interests.
The first preliminary will be brought
off promptly at 8:20 p. m. Every effort
will be made to have the big fellows
ln the ring before 10 o'clock. Chief
WIttman has detailed a large number
of officers to be on hand to keep the
crowd in cheek. Every ticket holder
is guaranteed his seat.
HANLON TO MEET COBBETT
Two good preliminary contests will
precede the main event. Johnny Ritch
ie, the ex-champion feather-weight, will
show the local ring-goers what he can
do in the ring. He is to box George
Curran six rounds for a decision.
Ritchie came here to fight Frankle Neil.
and if he defeats Curran decisively will
make a bid for the match. Mauro Her
rera, the Mexican, is to go six rounds
with Joe Bell at 135 pounds. Charles
T. Kreling, the champion wrestler of
the Northwest, and a clever judge of
boxing, will referee the bouts. Kreling
for many years held the amateur
wrestling championship of the coast.
He is a prominent member of the Olym
pic Athletic Club of this city and has
been in Alaska for the last five years.
Manager Coffroth is of the opinion
that Gardner and Fitz will fight before
a $26,000 house. The sale of seats has
been exceedingly large and he bases
his calculations on that.
PRELIMINARY BOUTS.
Dr. Clarence F. Tillman, the club's
official physician, will visit Gardner
this morning and examine him in order
to certify to his physical condition, as
required by the law. Dr. Tillman will
also take Gardner's measurements.
Manager Coffroth was busy; yester
day completing arrangements for nne
big battle. He announced that the gal
lery doors would be opened at 6:30 p. m.
and the doors leading to the lewer floor
of the pavilion would be opened at 7:15
p. m. . .
Fltz was out on the road in the morn
ing, well muffled, and when he returnei
to his training camp he was covered
with perspiration. In the afternoon he
punched the bag and did other gym
nasium work. He felt In better spirits
because he had broken up his cold.
This cold had been with him for the
last two weeks and had bothered him.
He thinks he will be well rid cf it to
day and when he goes into the ring
to-morrow night will be in his old
time form.
The men will weigh in at 3 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon at Corbett's.
Harry Corbett has issued tickets to
newspaper representatives, officials and
friends of both men to se? this im
portant ceremony. They will gain ad
mission on Ellis street. C '
FITZ BID OF COLD.
TACOMA. V.'aah.. Nov. 23.— In the
fiercest and cleanest football game ever
played in Washington the University of
Puset Sound defeated the University
of Nevada by a score of 10 to 0 in two
20-minute halves this afternoon.
Only once could Puget Sound's goal
be said to have been ln real danger.
Nevada twice prevented touchdown3
for the time by magnificent rallies in
side her 15-yard line. Both teama
played wonderful offensive games. Ne
vada's work with the ball, while th*;
more spectacular at times, was the
more erratic. On defensive Puget
Sound clearly excelled.
The local team toward the end of the
game tore through Nevada's line at
will and circled the ends for good gains.
At this stage of the game Kevada took
a wonderful brace. With darkness
closing over the field and the score 10
to 0, Fries, the fleet halfback, tore
around Puget Sc-und's right end, once
for 35 yards and again for IS yards. A
moment later the referee's whistle blew
for time.
In the second half Puget Sound
pounded Nevada's lln# at will. Steckle
retired with a broken collar bone to
ward the close.
the friendship existing between Fitz
and Jeffries.
"Frisco," Lind Is now engaged ln the
liquor business ln Emeryville, "Frisco"
President Williams stated on the ferry
boat last evening that when Ingleside
opens the California Jockey Club will
give two 51000 handicaps every week, one
to be run on Wednesday and aijother on
Saturday. There will also be other han
dicaps for $SO0 purses.
In his early two-year-old form before
he had been Introduced to the game with
the silk up, Barney Schreiber thought he
had a world-beater in Otto Stifel and re
fused $25,000 for the colt from the man
after whom he was named. Last spring
the two-year-old was taken sick at Little
Rock along with the balance of Barney's
best horses and has never amounted to
much since.
The case of the horse Harry Thatcher
i.« liable to become a badly tangled up
m«?ss before his ownership i* decided by
the courts. The horse is held by Mrs.
Hastings of Oakland on an unpaid board
bill. "Long . Willie" Johnson laid the
matter before the Justices' Court of Em
eryville and was declared the animal's
owner. Then Mrs. Hastings furnished a
bond and carried the case to a higher
court. After Harry Thatcher won yes
terday "Long Willie" Md the horse up
from J400 to Vm. If the higher court de
cide* in favor of Johnson the latter will
be the loser, for the California Jockey
Club will withhold the purse until the
matter is settled.
Dell Fountain is now the owner of Colo
nel Van. He purchased the clever per
former from Cy Mulkey for $1400
If trainer* persist in failing to have
their horses in the paddock the associa
tion will have to furnish the tardy ones
with alarm clocks. Samar was an ab
sentee from the 2-year-old race and P.
Lynch, the filly's trainer, was fined $25.
The ring was allowed twenty minutes to
make a new book.
Otey Evans, one of George Rose's right
hand ir.pn. who returned from the East
in poor health, is reported to be improv-
Al Itorrfney i.<= back for the winter sea
son, after a successful- season on the New
1 ork tracks.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Wally Brlnlcworth. blockman for Fred
Cook, arrived from Chicago yesterdav
Ho W Cook will be out here to book
some time early in December. The latter
?r!Tm* iT*" 6 2? ln En * 1! -«h I-ad. and
from all accounts he will be installed fa
vorite for the American Derbv of 1904 ln
the future books.
The Orosius etable folks thought
f h^re was nothing to the fifth selection
but their entry, and at 8 to :. the big
bay roit proved an excellent Ff Her He
didn't run like the Orosius that was
here last season, for he couldn't outfoot
f^'Y' 3 " « «° 1 shot, and finally
fell bark from the firing line Pick
away kept right on. scoring Msurelv
ftom Mr. Dingle by three op-n lengths.
Plurk moved up well in the stretch
securing the email end of the purse
rJp r r ' V fu D ,l y one horae in «he »"t
rare. Lord Melbourne, whos- stead v
?« n£t mU<3> ° utcl *^ the others shoes
r , V l II and galloped in flr.^t. Anvil
finished behind Glenarvon for the place!
•Bill" Waldo did his best with Dr
Bernayp. the 9 to 10 favpriti for the
mile and fifty yard run. but could not
put hfm over. Jack Martin took the
second choice. Harry Thatcher, out in
thp lead and he won in Dick Welles
fashion. The Doctor took some strong
urging all the way and did succeed in
finishing ahead of Rose of May for the
place. .
Barney Schreiber's Sain colt. Otto
Stifel. was herajded as a certainty for
the two-year-old scramble at five fur
longs. The youngster went into the
starter's hands a 7 to 5 chance, and
chiefly through D. Hall's clever riding
gained a head decision over Sir Apple
by. a 20 to 1 shot. Miss May Bowdish
another outsider, ran a close third. Ad
kins on Harbor had a very tempestuous
trip.
As Kunz, who rode Dotterel, is not
very well known in these dippings the
odds against Dotterel in the betting on
the first event went from 3 to 5. The
fllly met with fair racing luck and won
handily from Quatre and Tote Gratiot.
L<eash. which was made the medium
of quite a plunge, closing a 3 to 1 fa
vorite, failed to show any speed to
speak of.
Besides San Nicholas the other suc
cessful favorites were Otto Stifel and
Lord Melbourne, and both were heavily
supported by speculators in general.
While Dotterel came in for no vast
amount of backing, Harry Thatcher
and Pickaway, two other winners, came
a long way from being good breaks
for the ring, which lost heavily on the
afternoon.
For Just a few moments those who
backed San Nicholas to win the third
race, a six furlong sprint, at Oakland
yesterday, felt a feeling of uneasiness
creeping over them. It was when Otis,
who piloted Martinmas, lodged a claim
of foul against Adkins, the rider of San
Nicholas, with the Judges. The track,
of course, was muddy, which was all
in favor of the latter horse, whose un
derpinning is as rickety and uncertain
as the foundation of a Telegraph Hill
tenement house. He was enthroned an
oven-money choice and a furfong from
the wire It looked to be only a ques
tion of how far he would win. Sud
denly the favorite began flashing dis
tress signals and Adkins took him from
the center of tlfe track to the rail. This
brought him in front or Martinmas,
which was getting a bit groggy also,
and while it did not look like an actual
case of fouling it was a very close call.
The Judges concluded to place the
horses as they had finished, which gave
general satisfaction. Royal Rogue took
show honors.
Rattling Football Played
With University of
Nevada.
Suggestion I3 That Best of
Three Boats, Shall
Enter Race.
Teams of Two States Par
ticipate in a Spec
tacular Game.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Clyde Yachtsmen Are
Now Planning for a
Challenger.
SCOTCHMEN WILL
TRY FOR THE CUP
VICTORY GOES
TO PUGET SOUND
SPORTING NEWS OF THE DAY FROM RACETRACK AND TRAINING CAMP
FITZ LOSES HIS COLD
AND SAYS HE WILL WIN
Principals in To-Morrow's Fight Will Enter
the Ring at Weight, Each Determined to
Carry Away the Long" End of the Purse
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, XQY EMBER' 24, •1903.
First Choices Capture Three Purses and the Bookmakers Decide
the Talent Knows Something — Otto Stifel Is Hard Ridden to
Beat Sir Appleby — Lord Melbourne Easily Defeats His Field
SAN NICHOLAS HAS A VERY CLOSE CALL
FROM BEING SET BACK BY THE JUDGES
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARS
. Scrofula manifests itself in many ways. Swelling of the glands of the
neck and throat, Catarrh, weak eyes, white swelling, offensive sores and ab-
acesses, skin eruptions, loss of strength and weakness in muscles and joints.
It is a miserable disease and traceable in almost every instance to some
family blood taint.
<?rrnfn1a ic V,rpc\ in the f~Z3S&S~S Scrofula appeared on the head of my
bcroiuia is -brea in ine llttle (n-andcnlld when only 18 months
bone, IS transmitted f»r l-^5 old, and spread rapidly over her body,
from nwnt to child- HVa 2§ The disease next attacked the eyes and
irom parent to cnuu, «f V ff we feared she would lo«e her sight. Em-
the seeds are planted in V iJ\ J lnent physicians were consulted, but
infanrv and unless the \. *»/- couid do nothing to relieve the little in-
"liancy ana unless uc r-J^l/^ nocent. It was then that we decided to
blood IS purged and pu- .^SaifKZ** try S. 8. 8. That medicine at once made
rifled and every atom of p^^j % JSSSTfiSjf^SSSS?^ SSS'iSS
the taint removed Scrof- of* the di.ea. »tor eturn. ¦
ula is sure to develop at m gouth stre6t# **s. buth^erki^
some period in your life.
No remedy equals S. S. S. as a cure for Scrofula. It cleanses and builds
up the blood, makes it rich and pure, and under the tonic effects of this
great Blood Remedy, the general health improves, the digestive organs are
t _^ ¦_ strengthened, and there is a gradual but $ure return
f>-O fc*^ rp^ to health. The deposit of tubercular matter in the
3°* nt3 and Ek 11 '* 3 * s carried of! as soon as the blood
k^^J >^JtJ K*Z« jj is restored to a normal condition, and the sores, erup-
.^¦^ '^^^^•¦^¦^ tions, and other symptoms of Scrofula disappear.
S. S. .S. is guaranteed purely vegetable" and harmless; an ideal blood
purifier and tonic that removes all blood taint and builds up weak constitu-
tions. Our physicians will advise without charge, all who write us about
their case. Book mailed free.
THESWtFT SPECIFIC CO,, ATLANTA, GA.
SCROFULA k-EEr.Some men are born great, ,«some
achieve greatness and others manage to
crow smaller each day.
Miss Jean A. Dwyer refused to give
up her position In the South End
School yesrerday and It was necessary
to call in the assistance of Truant Of
ficer Tom Floyd to conduct the' lady
from the building. She positively re
fused to leave her position and insisted
on remaining in the school building,
so the board waa finally , compelled ; to
ask the officer's aid to carry, out its or-'
ders. ' :
Miss Dwyer Put Out of .School.
OSSININO, N. Y., Nov. 23.— Carmine
Gaimarl was put to death in the elec
tric chair in Sing Sing prison to-day
for the murder of Mrs. Josephine Lanta
Patro in New York City on October 6,
1902. A dispute over money due Gai
mari from the woman's husband led to
the shooting of Mrs. Patro.
Murderer Is Electrocuted.
Bent Sentenced for Assault.
Thomas Bent, a sailor, -who was
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon and convicted of simple as
sault by a Jury in Judge Dunne's court,
was sentenced yesterday to serve nine
ty days in the County Jail. He was ac
cused - of attacking Captain Jones of
the bark Ivenkip with a knife.
To Receive Odd Fellows.
There was an assemblage of 250 persons
in the Encampment Hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building last night, representing tho
subordinates of many different branches
of Odd Fellowship. They met to take the
preliminary steps for the reception of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge when it . meets
here next year. ? There ¦ was an organiza
tion, with the following ofBcers: J. TV.
Harris, president; C. TV. Baker, J. TV
Linscott, W. H. Woodbridge, " Stanley
Smith, Alma I. Jensen. Dora L. Gardner.
H. O. Brower.,8. A. Naismith, William
Nlcholls Jr., M. G. Gill. C. H. Wever and
J. A. ; Foster, vice presidents; TV.; H.
Barnes, : secretary; U. S. G. Clifford and
Mary E. - Donoho, assistant secretaries,
and George T. Shaw/ treasurer. An exec
utive committee will be named/with full
power to carry out a programme to be
adopted. The order throughout the State
will' raise $20,000 for the purpose.
Nominated ; f or " Pension ! Agent.
Word was . received in : this city , yester
day that the nomination of Colonel Jesse
Beech \ Fuller for the position of pension
agent.'a post he has filled for the last five
years i in San Francisco, had been sent to
the Senate and that there was no doubt
that the : nomination would be • confirmed.
When down \ town shopping it is not
necessary to [hurry home ; if you ; have a
gas range."Everythirig can be cooked for
dinner in a few minutes. Buy one from
San ¦• Francisco Gas and Electric Compa
ny,' 415 Post etreeti •
Walter Mansing, 14 years old, who
resides at :35 Congdon street, was
treated at the Emergency Hospital last
night for a lacerated scalp. The youth
was returning home from work, and
had reached Fourteenth and Harrison
streets, when he was struck on the
head with a Ijottle In the. hands of a
young hoodlum.* The assailant and a
companion who aided him are un
known. The injured boy claims that
his assailants demanded his lunch
basket, and : when he refused they at
tacked him. .
Boy. Hit With a Bottle.
William Jones, M. P., of North Dev
onshire, England, one of the Mosely
Education Commission, is now in the
city. While here he will make an in
vestigation of San Francisco's, public
school system. He will also visit the
universities at Stanford and Berkeley
prior ,to leaving the State. , Mr. 'Jones
is one of the authorities on educational
matters connected with the English
House of Commons. Last night he ad
dressed the Cymrodorion Society at the
Welsh Church on Fourteenth street
near Valencia on "The Passive Resist
ance Movement." To-morrow night he
will be banqueted by the society.
Among those who will be present are
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, David Starr
Jordan and Courtenay Bennett, Brit
ish Consul General. r
Noted Educationist Here.
One policeman states that soon after
the attack he saw a man and a woman
running from the scene, but was not
close enough to get a description of
them. Captain of Detectives Martin
can do nothing In the matter, as An
derson will not talk. ; "
"It is his own affair," said the cap
tain. "He evidently knows why he got
It and he must be satisfied that it was
coming to him."
Professor Waldron W. Anderson, a
dancing teacher at Saratoga Hall, who
resides at 330 Turk street, received a
handful of pepper .In the eyes and a
blow from a club on the head, shortly
after 7 o'clock last night. According
to the only witness, a man and a
woman committed the attack and
made a hasty escape from the scene.
The professor knows who the guilty
parties are, but evidently has good
reason for maintaining silence.
Anderson was walking on the east
side of Hyde street, between Ellis and
O'Farrell, when the affair happened.
His eyes were filled with pepper and a
well-directed blow on the top of the
head laid his skull bare. He immedi
ately shouted for help and Policeman
John N. McGee, who resides in the
neighborhood, ran to his assistance.
The man, crying loudly from pain, was
taken to the grocery store of F. Bab
horn and later to the receiving hos
pital.
Anderson evidently seems to think
that he deserved what he got, for, ad
mitting that he knows who the guilty
parties are, he refused to aid the police
in an investigation and is eager to let
the matter drop. The theory of the
police is that there is some woman in
the case and that the attack was. one
of revenge. What story lies behind will
be suppressed so far as the dancing
master Is concerned.
Assistant District Attorney Rolfe L.
Thompson made the opening argument
for the prosecution. He was followed
by ex-Congressman John A. Barham
and J. W. Rose of Healdsburg for the
defense and District Attorney Charles
H. Pond closed the argument. .
In the morning Mrs. Drayeur . was
taken over the scenes of the tragedy,
both by direct and cross examination.
She frequently cried during her recital
of the events preceding the, tragedy.
She declared that she struck her hus-
I band a light blow, on the forehad with
a stick of stove wood, but that the
force of the blow was Insufficient to
break the skin on the forehad or leave
a mark. Subsequently she heard Mr.
Drayeur's body fall In the bedroom and
then heard violent noises, as If furni
ture was being moved and broken, and
also heard the crash of crockery.
She testified to her fear of her hus
band, his repeated threats to kill her,
and detailed how at one time just pre
vious to his death she had called at a
neighbor's house for protection from
her husband. Drayeur, she said, had
driven her from their home with a^
hammer, and when a "neighbor went
over to pacify the- husband he was
found standing at the gate with a
heavy hammer In his hand waiting for
his wife's return.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 23.— Mrs. Sophie
Drayeur of Healdsburg was to-night
acquitted of the charge of murder after
a four days' trial. It was charged that
she killed her husband, August Dray
eur, a winemaker of Healdsburg. by
striking him on the head with a stick
of stove wood. She established a case
of self-defense.
Eiwcial DUpatch to Th« Call
Fred Bast!. 12 years of age, living with
his parents at 622 Green street, was
knocked from the step of a Bryant-street
car by a passing wagon near Eighth
street yesterday morning.
The car was stooped and the boy was
picked up, when it was found that his
head had been badly injured. He was re
moved to the Central Emergency Hospi
tal, where Dr. Hennessey attended to the
injuries and later, at the reques.t of the
United Railroads, the lad was taken to
St. Luke's Hospital.
Passing Wagon Strikes Fred Basti
and He Is Sent Flying to the
• Pavement.
BOY KNOCKED FROM CAR
AND IS SERIOUSLY HURT
Mrs. Drayeur Estab
lishes Her Plea . of
Self-Defense.
Man and Woman Make
Attack on Dancing
Master. '
The United Railroads of San Francisco
objects to a change of grade on California
ctreet. between Twenty-seventh and Thir
ty-first avenues. It gives as a reason that
its cars on this street are being operated
by eteam power and that Its locomoUveg
are not capable of doing effective work
on grades that exceed 4.5 per cent.
Do -Hot Want Grade Changed.
THROW PEPPER
AND USE CLUB
The men had been drinking and it is
claimed that the colored soldiers had
been insulted and when approaching
Van Ness avenue the car was brought
to a standstill to allow the civilians to
reach a place of safety while the dis
putants fought and scrambled and
maimed one another. Corporal Hodge
was cut across the arm. Private Ray
more's lips were cut open and Private
Robinson's eyes were closed as a result
of terrific blows.
In all probability there will be a full
investigation of the matter by the mili
tary authorities.
As a result of an argument o.n a
street car Saturday night, members of
the Ninth Cavalry, a colored regiment
that until recently has been doing duty
at the national parks of California,
and white troopers of the Artillery
Corps and the Tenth Infantry, Corporal
Hodge, Company M, Tenth, Infantry,
Private Robinson, Troop M, Ninth Cav
alry; Private Raymore, Company K,
Tenth Infantry, and several more sol
diers are under surgical treatment for
wounds and laceration*-.
Color Line Precipitates a Wordy War
Which Terminates in Actual
Coinbit. i
SOLDIERS ENGAGE IN
FIERCE FIGHT ON CAR
Mamie Kinder, who ran away from
her parents' home at Roxborough, Pa.,
last month and came to San Francisco
with a woman named Elsie Parker,
and who was arrested at the request
of her uncle, G. H. Saville, who is play
ing an engagement this week at the
Orpheum, was released from custody
yesterday.
Saville was in Omaha at the time his
niece left her home, and on receiving
a notification from the girl's father,
Immediately communicated with the
police of this city, whereupon she was
found and detained. At the time of
her detention by the -police she said
that she had made the acquaintance
of a young man on her journey out to
the coast, and they intended to marry.
The girl's plans, however, have been
changed and she will now be Bent back
to her home in Pennsyvania.
Mamie Kinder to Be Sent Home
by Her Uncle, Actor
Saville.
RXnTAWAY GIRL WILL BE
RETURNED TO HER PARENTS
The funeral of Mrs. Aiken will be held
to-day at 2 p. m. The service will take
place at the Hotel Berkshire. 711 Jones
street. Rev. William Kirk Guthrie offi
ciating. The remains of Mrs. Aiken will
be placed in a vault at Cypress "Lawn
Cemetery.
Mrs. Aiken came from a prominent
Eastern family and was a relative of
Ex-President Grover Cleveland. Her
writings have achieved a world-wide
fame and her poem 'Save the Ship"
was a patriotic appeal that prevented
the destruction oNFarragut's old flag
ship, the Hartford.
During the civil war Mrs. Aiken was
a prominent member of the sanitary
commission. She was related to the
families ,of theClevelands, Longfellow,
Wadsworth, Gould, Douglas, Rogers
and Sedgwlck of New England — names
that are interwoven. In the early history
of the republic. -> For some years Mrs.
Aiken resided in California, passing her
time between Los Angeles and Napa
county.
* Mrs. Aikan is survived by her son
Charles S. Aiken, editor of Sunset, and
two other children, William C. Aiken
and Florence C. Aiken, who live in San
Francisco. '
Mrs. Antoinette Cleveland Aiken, the
distinguished writer, passed away In
this city yesterday at the age of 73
years. Her death was not unexpected
as she had been an invalid for some
months.
Deceased Was Prominent "Writer and
Connected With Distinguished
Eastern Families.
MRS. A. C. AIKEN" DIES
AT AGE OF 73 YEARS
I. W. Truman Jr.. the attorney for I.
J. Truman, his uncle, and Turpin, stat
ed last evening that the trouble among
the stockholders began about four years
ago, vi hen Perry was deposed as mana
per of t*y bank. Since then. Attorney
Truman pays. Perry has systematically
fomented dlsastlsfaction. At the meet-
Ing which changed the executive officers
W. J. Bartnett resigned from the di
rectory and R. L. Lillenthal and J. C.
Currier were elected members. T. Ot
way Sadlier acted as j^cretary. Turpin
and Truman declare that they will fight
for reinstatement as long as they can
find legal recourse.
$55 a share
The 2^00 Issued shares of the Colum
ljiftn Bank are divided between six or
seven men— C.-O. Perry. J. H. Swift. T.
Otway Sadlier. Dr. Allen Griffiths, I. J.
Truman and F. L. Turpin being the
heaviest holders. Truman and Turpin
allege t fcat they ho-ld a majority of all
the Bharea, having 1339 of the 2500 Iss-
Fued ajid subscribed. They claim also
that the stock is ready marketable at
At the same meeting It was voted to
pell to. Dr. Allen Griffiths 500 shares of
the bank's stock for $30 a share and At
tortcy Thomas E. Haven was elected a
director. Truman and Turpin applied
to Superior Judpe Hebbard for an or
der to restrain the transfer of stock to
Griffith? and set forth in their applica
tion that the Phares were worth much
more than $30 per share. When the
hearing for the application came up
yesterday Truman and Turpin, through
tfrieir attorneys, deposited a sack con
taining $15.125 — or $125 more than Grif
lithp had paid for the stock — and an
nounced that 'they were ready to pay
that sum for the 500 shares. Their of
fer was refused and the court then de
nied the injunction. He said it was
Fimpiy.a case of the defendant trying
to get the stock at the lowest figure
and to hold control, and the law would
n<»t sanction the plea made by plain
tifTs.
But the lepal contention did not end
with that. Truman and Turpin have
applied toe an order to restrain the di
rector.s frofn ousting them from the j
presidency aird vice presidency respect- !
ively and ths hearing: of this case has I
wt for next Friday.
HOLDERS OF SHAKES. <
VALUE OF THE STOCK
Thpr' 1 .promises to be interesting do
ings at the annual meeting of stock
boljleni cf the Columbian Banking
Cozr.pany. • which is advertised to be
held on January 9, 1904. Directors and
*)S".cer5 are to -be elected for the ensu
ing year and the internal dissension
that is finding ventilation through the
Fuj>erior Court will probably be culmi
nated. Each faction claims ability to
swing enough Bhares to control the ls
eue.'
On one side are I. J. Truman and F.
L. Turpin, who served as president and
vice president respectively until last
Wednesday, when they were deposed
by what they claim was a minority of
the stockholders, who elected J. P.
bwift president and Dr. Allen Griffiths
vice president. The reasons for this
radical upheaval were Bet forth In a
resolution submitted to the meeting. It
etated that Truman made loans with
out the knowledge or approval of the
other directors: that he. with other
members, entered into an agreement
with the San Francisco National Bank
by which that Institution would carry
a large part of the Columbian Bank on
deposit •rithout interest as considera
tion for a loan by the San Francisco
National Bank to Truman and others
at a low rate of interest on their per
sonal nntep; that Truman, as president
of the Columbian Bank, permitted in
t orrect repc-rts of the business of the
bank to be made to the directors and
that he concealed information which he
should have imparted to them; that
Truman participated in the payment of
exorbitant salaries to officers, and that
his administration had been character
ized "by inexperience, incompetence
and mismanagement." Similar resolu
tions regarding Turpin were read and
approved and then the upheaval oc
curred.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
remanded to the State courts for trial
yesterday the suit of Angelina B. and
Bernard Dougherty vs. the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany and John Doe to recover $50,000
damages for personal injuries sustained
by Mrs. Dougherty on October 23, 1900,
at the hands of an insane man while a
passenger on the company's line.
In the case of the Contra Costa Wa
ter Company vs. Horace W. Carpentler
and Cortland S. Van Rehsselaer the
plaintiffs' motion to remand the case
to the State courts was denied. The
motion was made on the ground that
the Federal courts have not'jurisdic
tion in condemnation suits not orig
inally filed therein. The suit was
brought to condemn certain land in
Alameda County, for the purpose of a
reservoir for supplying waters for the
city of Berkeley.
Postmaster W. "W. Montague yester
day filed his return to the order to
show i cause why he should cease to
withhold the mail of Letson Balliet and
the White Swan Mining Company. His
proofs were that he was acting under
order of the Postmaster General. The
matter was submitted on briefs. Later
in the day Bert Schleslnger filed J a
batch of affidavits from stockholders
in the White Swan Mining Company,
Ltd., and of the Niagara Mining Com
pany, swearing: that they were satis
fled with the management and the
manner in which the mines were being
handled. One of them, August Wierich,
deposes that he has invested $12,000 in
the White Swan mine and has 20,000
shares ip the Niagara, and that from
the reports ,of the board of directors
he is satisfied that the mines are val
uable properties and are being dili
gently worked. '
s The Inspectors also Investigated the
loss of the steam schooner Ruth in
Fishermans Bay on November 11 at
9 p. m. The testimony showed that the
Ruth broke her moorings and struck a
rock In that harbor and sank. The loss
was $50,000. Captain E. Reed was in
command. The matter was taken* un
der advisement.
Owing to the position the mates were placed
In by the master leaving the vessel as he did.
and although they may have erred in Judg
ment in some ways, we do not blame them,
as they (succeeded in saving on the rafts the
twenty persons left on board, five of whom,
however, afterward succumbed to exposure.
The South Portland was equipped' with two
lifeboats and one liferaft. having in all a boat
ago capacity of 550 cubic fe«t. Kight passen
gers, nine crew and two stowaways were lost.
Twenty-two lives were saved. The vessel was
valued at $35,000 and her cargo at |27,000.
MATES ESCAPE BLAME.
Had he done so the boats would have pre
sumably got safely away from the ship, as
from the testimony tho wind was not high
nor the sen. rough, and the vessel did not sink
for forty-flve minutes after striking. More
over, we find that Captain Mclntyre did not
have fire and boat drills since he took com
mand cf the vessel: had he done so ther* would
have been better discipline of the crew and
they would have known their stations (which
from the evidence they did not) and be more
skillful in handling the boats. For reason of
such necllKence and unskillfutness as above
on his part as master of tha steamer South
Portland we have this date revoked the license
of Captain James B. Mclntyre as master and
pilot of steam vessels.
C. C. Bruce, chief mate was In charge of the
bridge "when the vessel struck, but was steer
ing the coursf and running the speed as or
dered by the master, who had charge of tha
bridge forty minutes before. After the master
left the vessel the mate was in charge with
twenty people on board with one raft only.
The first and second mates with the crew im
mediately went to work to construct a raft
from the only material available left on the
vessel- and had there been more time would
have been able to build a larger raft, which
would have been more buoyant or seaworthy
and probably would have saved all the people
left on board, as they were mostly crew (three
of the passencers having been drowned by the
capsizing of the starboard boat).
DID NOT DRILL CREW.
After careful consideration of tha testimony
in this case we are of the opinion that Captain
Mclntyre wag negligent and unskillful in navi
gating: the steamer South Portland on October
19, 1003: In running: that vessel full speed
and steering a course that would take her so
near Cane Blanco in a thick tog; and when
coming: In the vicinity of so dangerous a part
of the coast at CaDe Blanco and Orford reefs.
In not taking soundings more often and In not
uelrg the colored tubes Instead of trusting to
the length >of wire run out from the sounding
machine, to get the depth of water. Also,
after the ship struck and he found that the
vessel waa sinking- and It was necessary to
abandon her, that he did not stop the engines,
call all the crew on deck and station them to
the boats and raft* In charge of their re
spective officers and look tfter the lower end
of the boat himself, instead of leaving the
ship in the chief mate's boat.
Captain James B. Mclntyre, late of
the South Portland, Is out of a Job.
This fact was made public yesterday
afternoon by Captains Bolles and Bul
ger, United States local inspectors. In
an elaborate report in which they cen
sure the captain for his conduct on the
occasion of the wreck of the South
Portland and for having neglected to
have fire and boat drills. For these of
fenses his license was revoked.
The steamer South . Portland was
wrecked by striking upon a rock near
Cape Blanco, Or., at 4:40 p. m. on Oc
tober 19, 1903. Eight passengers, nine
of the crew and two stowaways were
drowned. The opinion was written by
Captain O. F. Bolles, In which, after
summing up the evidence, he says:
Judg2 Hebbard Denies a
ietition to Set; Aside
• Sale.
Local Inspectors Find That
He Was Negligent and
Culpable.
Letson Balliet Produces Affi
davits From Trustful
Investors.
George F. Reed "butted in" and was
arrested for burglary. His case came
up before Judge Mogan yesterday. The
defendant has been in the marine. ser
vice of the United States for fourteen
years and had a bundle of recommenda
tions that a hound couldn't Jump over.
Then he told his story. While passing
along the street he witnessed a fight
between Messrs. Powers and Bailey In
front of Murphy's grocery at 926 Hbw
ard street. Mr. Powers rudely and vio
lently threw Mr. Bailey through the
window, of Murphy's grocery. Bailey
was cryinsr for help, and the gallant
marine climbed through the orifice
made by the muscular efforts of Mr.
Powers and assisted Mr. Bailey to
make his exit. Then the Idea occurred
to him that he should patrol the deck
of the grocery to prevent a burglary.
Policeman Desmond came along and,
noticing the broken window, rapped on
the door. "Come in.!' said Reed, and
the policeman accepted the invitation.
Reed's story struck the policeman as
untruthful and he locked up the ma
rine for burglary. Judge Mogan
promptly dismissed the case with a
feeling In his heart that a faithful ma
rine like Reed should have a gold medal
instead of a commitment.
William Simpson, who was accused
of persistent begging on the streets by
the arresting officer, found an old-time
friend in Judge Fritz. "Why, Judge. I
knew you when you were a little boy
in Sacramento. You played around my
knee." Old home memories surged over
the Judge, like the .sound of the sea in
a shell, but he could not recall the face
of Simpson, who claimed to have pat
ted his head in boyhood. "Particularly
where do' you remember me In my boy
hood?" queried the Judge. "Why, you
were around the office of the Capital
Hotel in the old days." answered the
defendant. Then Judge Fritz went into
a trance. He recalled that Judge Con-
Ian also called Sacramento his birth
place and that the latter's father had
run the Capital Hotel. Simpson had
come Into the wrong court for tender
memories of childhood, and to-day will
be sentenced to do a sojourn at the
County Jail.
Hugh Higgins came up for sentence
in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday.
Twice he had invaded the home of his
wife on Natoma street, the meager
comforts of which. were created by her
own care and indulgence, and tried to
wreck the household when he over
indulged in drink. On the first occasion
Judge Cabaniss sentenced him to fif
teen days in the County Jail. These
he served with due vigilance, and when
released he proceeded to renew his
iconoclastic work. Judge Cabaniss
gave him sixty days in the same resort
on this latest occasion. As the defend
ant left the court room he requested
the Judge to make due legal provision
when he had served the sentence, as
he wished to' be protected against a
disturbance of the peace on the part
of his wife. "With the greatest pleas
ure," said Judge Cabaniss in his suav
est tones. "My commitment to-day
assures you absolute peace from your
wife for sixty days. At the end of
that time If you are brought before
me again on a similar charge I shall
put you in a place for six months
where your wife cannot possibly inter
fere with you unless she breaks down
the doors of the cell. Adios."
* • *
come up for further adjudication to-
Three small boys, Thomas Burke,
Danny Williams and Thomas Gorman,
have been stealing milk and bread from
doorsteps. They have left the shelter
of their parental homes, which, ac
cording to their testimony, are on Hen
rietta street, and the three of them
have decided to become bold, bad
"gazaboos." Judge Mogan * adjudi
cated their cases yesterday and issued
subpoenas for their parents to appear
in court this morning and tell whether
the boys should be sent to a reforma
tory.
JURY ACQUITS
ACCUSED WOMAN
Juvenal says in one of his time-over
powering satires that a man who is
tricked once is a fool. The second time
he Is tricked he is a scoundrel. There
Is a team at the Orpheum doing a
stunt at $11,000 a week or some such
figure, in which the woman performer
uses the same language. So down
through the ages trickles the wisdom
of the writers. Judge Mogan, who has
not read Juvenal since his college days,
had a case yesterday in which the com
plaining witness had been bunkoed for
the third time. His name was A. Ar
luck, which will naturally suggest
"hard luck." He runs a grocery store
at 1425 Fifteenth street, and had hired
a solicitor named William Robin.
Twice the solicitor, according to his
own admissions, sequestered the goods
of the complaining witness, tied the
horse and .wagon to a convenient lamp
post and decamped with the proceeds.
On the third occasion of this unseemly
behavior the complaining witness had
the defendant arrested. The case will
"Beware of the man of one book"!
says Aristotle, the pioneer philosopher
and vegetarian. Policeman Joy does
not read Greek in its raw Btate,
so he disregarded the warning of
Aristotle and attempted to arrest
Julian Bonnetta because a man named
Davis told him that the defendant
had assaulted him with * a knife.
Bonetta appeared in Judge Fritz's
court yestorday to explain his re
sistance to the due process of the
law. He naively explained that
when he had drunk a little good wine
he was given to tell, in his own compo
sition, the tales of his own, loved Cor
slcan hills. He said the policeman had
made a mistake. When he was arrest
ed, he said, he was depicting to a de
lighted audience of Italians, in a Ho
meric hymn, the tortures of a wronged
lover. So strong, said he, was the dra
matic fervor that permeated him that
when Officer Joy appeared to arrest
him he thought he was a bandit from
the mountains and struggled with hi:n
so vigorously that the policeman was
compelled to club him Into subjection.
Prosecutor Louis Ferrari, from the
District Attorney's office, gave the de
fendant an excellent character. After
the Prosecuting Attorney had talked
with him the prisoner produced a copy
of the "Divina Commedia," nearly every
word of which he knew by heart. So
much knowledge was a vindication for
anybody. When the weary grind of the
court room procedure was over Judg*
Fritz had Bonnetta out of the dock to
sing for him. Like Homer, whom seven
cities owned after his death, the mus
tached prisoner sang the glories of
George Washington, the judiciary and
the laws of the United States. Judge
Fritz thought that San Francisco
should. have an exclusive claim on Bon-'
netta, so he told him to go out and
work, admonishing him to declaim as
little as possible to the disturbance of
the peace and quietude of others. Pros
ecutor Ferrari assured the court that
the prisoner could get a job at once, as
he was a thoroughly reliable man.
• • •
Judge Mogan has under consideration
the case of the bailiff who turned on
the heaters of the^court room yesterday
morning and closed all the windows
while a hot sun was pouring through.
Under the stress of public business, the
Judge dropped perspiration all over his
blotters and after an hour of travail he
discovered the cause of his trouble.
Then he ordered all the windows open
and the heaters shut off. He will re
quire several days to look up the laws
of the Justinian code and the Spanish
inquisition to find some fitting sentence
for the bailiff whose blood grew cold
and old under the sunlight. When the
Judge discovers the proper remedy, a
grinning head on the guillotine during
the French revolution or an unfaithful
Turkish woman, drowned with her
gown wrapped tightly about her throat,
will be a picture of merriment compaf"
ed to the punishment he will mete out
to the bailiff.
Aflair3 of the Columbian
' Company Aired in
Court./
Circuit Judge Morrow
Decides Motions
in Cases.
License of . the South
Portland Captain
Revoked.
BANK DIRECTORS
ENGAGE IN SNARL
Finds Heaters Open and Windows Closed
in His Courtroom- 1 — Some Interesting Fea
tures of the Police Court Departments
RAILROAD SUIT
IS TRANSFERRED
MCINTYRE LOSES
HIS OCCUPATION
JUDGE MOGAN SEARCHING
FOR ADEQUATE PENALTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TU ESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1903.
9
G. A/ HENRY & CO.
• General Agents Pacific Coast Department.
215 SANSOME STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
"Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
Deasy Bros.; .Retired;.
Good shoes at ha^f price. 20 Sixth st
Come early, - \ *
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AITALBS
OF- THE
AssuranceCompany
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A D 1P02. and for the year ending on that
day as made to the Insurance Commlsaloner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Polit-
ical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
A r U C. S n f .?^ U !.. S^..^.. 1 !?$200.000 00
ASSETS. _—
rash Market Value of all Stocks and
C Bonds owned by Company *«4,277 00
Cash in Banks ' 78,884 47
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.629 82
Premiums in due Course of Collec-. '
tlon 73,663 12
Total Assets $608.394 »1
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $43,743 oo
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 850 00
Oro»s Dremluma on Fire Risks run-
nSr one year or less. $3S1,125 94:
SuAnce 60 per cent 190.362 97
Groes premiums on FIrt Risks run-
ning more than one year. $80.-
347 31* reinsurance pro rata 44.S67 83
Commissions and Brokerage due and
tn become due 13,056 S3
All other Liabilities 17.734 14
Tctal Liabilities $317.816 83
INCOME.
Net ca<h actually received for Fire
nremlums «4«»,KJB 7-
Ne P t«sh actually received for Ma- -
rine premiums 4 74
nic-lved for Interest and dividends
on Bond*,. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 13.459 21
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 13.204 i»I
*Total Income $456.205 83
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount raid for Fir* Losses
¦ /i,,oi,iaine $- . losses of pre-
(inciuuins • • *a~ AeTk r\'t
Net amounV'pald for Marine Losses
(including « . l<»ses of pre-
DiXarto^stJr-knoide^:::::::::: *<£ oo
Paid Jr allowed for Commission or _
Pal™ for Salaries, Fee. and other
charges for officers, clerks etc... 1.4S5 OO
Paid for State. National and Local
Another' " payments '"and i 'expendi: ' _~
tures 568 °3
Total Expenditures $409,869 31
T^ses Incurred during the year.. ..$282.624 21
— "~ '. " Fire . Pre-
Rlsks and Premiums. J Risks. mlumi.
Net amount of Rl»l"
written during the
year . . .....•••" $52,859,148 $839,018 24
Net amount of risks
&* . d . a . ri .^... t . • 54.842.080 845.060 97
0 !: 38.665.190 481.473 23
— ~ I Marine | Pre^
Risks and Premiums. Risks. miums.
Net amount of risks
written - during the
year •••• • •••- " ?* 74
expired during the
year . . 4 74
Net amount In fcrce De- '
cember 31. 1902 None. -
~~~~~ ROBERT C. RATHBONE. Prest.
R. B RATHBONE. Secy. I
Subscribed and sworn to before me this" 21st
day of February. 1903. . • • \ " ' ¦
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public
STATEMENT
— — OF THE
CONDITION AND AJETAIP.S
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IX THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December A D
1002. and for the year ending on that day as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ' th»
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 610 and «U of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner: .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stock* and
Bonds owned by Company J-H2 077 30
Cash In Banks 104.927 29
Interest dua and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* 1. 548 88
Premiums In du« Course of Collec-
tion 85.58D C3
Total Assets ICU.121 04
*'/'.' LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $49.03:t 00
Losses resisted. Including; expenses. 733 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; one year or less. $388,421 S6;
reinsurance SO per cent..*. 194,212 43
Grons premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one Teur. $76,-
279 05; reinsurance pro>ata 42,282 6«
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 1«.!H1 s*
Ail other liabilities 21.295 Z*t
Total Liabilities $324,310 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $124,092 33
Net cash actually received far Ma-
rine premiums 4 73
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources IS. 771 «»
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 10.117 19
Total Income $447^38 IS
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ . losses of previ-
. ous years) $283,272 70
Net amou'sr? paid for Marine Losses .
(Including $ . losses or previ-
ous years) 39 20
Dividends to Stockholders 10. (XX) 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 118.6S7 72
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 1.3S3 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 14.281 14
All other payments and expendi-
tures ..; • 4.983 43
Total Expenditures $413,879 21
Lotwes incurred during th* year $2$2.50rt 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums..
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year JW.eeUEO $748,347 CS
Net amount of Risks
. expired during the
year 64.334.413 6S3.361 38
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. 8C.984.302 484.703 91
— — — - __
RlikJ and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $ $9 43
Net amount of Risks
expired during the -
year 9 49
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902.
'. ~~. R B. RATHBONE. Prest.
. JOHN B. COONET. Secy.
* Subscribed and sworn to before*' me this 21st
day of February. 1908.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary PubUo.
FEED HER RIGHT
The Sure .Way to Hear a Healthy
Look in each package for. a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
WelH'Ule."
"I have had numbers of my scholars
try the food and I must tell you about
one case. She was a puny, nervous lit-
tle girl, and her mother told me she
did not eat enough to keep a bird
alive. All she wanted was candy and
other trash. When I told her mother
about Grape-Nuts food she followed
my advice and its effect upon this
child, shown in the awakened energy
of the body and mind, was simply won-
derful. • Her school work became en-
tirely satisfactory and she gained In
4 bodily strength. lost all her nervous-
ness and soon became a rosy, .chubby
younK miss." Name given by Postum
Co., Battle Creek, MJch. -
There's a reason.
"About that time I read ah article
about Grape-Nuts that convinced me
that my trouble was due to Indigestion,
something I had never thought of be-
fore. I sot two boxes of Grape-Nuts
and began to use them for breakfast
and supper with good rich cream. Well,
the change was something wonderful
and my "health came back In bounds.
"Grape-Nuts took the place of non-
nourishing food and I am now better in
health, brain power and spirits; sleep
•well and work longer and harder and
never fe^l nervous or worried. When I
have finished my school session. I still
feel I have lots of reserve foree and
energy left, and when I go to bed at
night I get sound and refreshing sleep
and fret up early, happy as a lark.
The relatron of food to comfort and
health Impressed an Iowa teacher, who
eays: <:cv.
"After teaching echool* for several
years I became* a victim of Insomnia,
and night after night it was 3 or 4
o'clock in the morning before I would
fall asleep, completely worn out. Of
course I lost strength and' brain power
and became terribly nerfous until I
was on the verge of nerwous prostra-
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iioshBtus
Notice 13 hereby given that the taxes
on all personal property secured by
real property and one-half of the taxes
on real property will be due and pay-
able, on Monday. November 2, 1903. and
will be delinquent on Monday, Novem-
ber 30, 1903. at 6 o'clock p. m.. and un-
less paid prior thereto, fifteen per cent
will be added <fe the amount thereof,
and that if. gald one-half be not paid
before the last Monday in April next
at 6 o'clock p. m., an additional five per
cent will be added thereto; that the re-
maining one-half of the taxes on all
real property will be payable on and
after the first Monday in January next,
and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April next thereafter at 6
o'clock p. m.. and unless paid prior
thereto, five per cent will be added to
the amount thereof.
That all taxes may be paid at the
time the first installment as herein
provided is due and payable.
That said taxes are due and payable
at the office of the Tax Collector. New
City Hall.
N. B.— For the convenience of tax-
payers unable to call during the day.
this office will be open continuously
during the month of November from
8:30 a. m. to 9 p . m., commencing Mon-
day, November 16, 1903.
Taxpayers whose assessed valuation
Is covered by mortgage will this year,
owing to the increased valuation for
State purposes, have a tax to pay.
and should in all cases ask for their
bills.
Taxpayers will greatly facilitate this
office and themselves by bringing last
year's tax bills.
(Signed) EDWAIU) J. SMITH.
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
Turkey Is King,
But when he is dressed it needs be that
the "dressing" is in keeping with the oc-
casion. So with men on Thanksgiving
day. any holiday, all days— linen must
accord with attire. 'Twill if we attend
to the laundering thereof. This is a first-
class laundry for Thanksgiving and all
the year 'round.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCE 1004 mabxet street.
Near Powell.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" Beauty is but ' skin-
deep n was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
"There is no beauty
like the beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
\, •
Sold all over the world. *
SOHfflllm
WSSSKk
V: SOLD EVERYWHERE. H
/ . H1LBEBT MERCANTILE CO.. M
Pacific Coast Agents. Js
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
S MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
V £& 1551XAB»T3t.l«t.6:k*7ti.S.r.:*:.
T Xfx The Largest Anatomical Museum io the \
A ~t!&3^. World. Weiknwsi or injr contracted Q
7 EcsCW d'* e *' e »>«.<«l»''7c«ro^hy the oldest Y
Q fSjSTl Specialist on the Cout Etc. j6 yean. Q
A flffrf & DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
\ w€%r<&m Conuiltati.n free and strictly prirate.
B a A#W? fi Trsimient personally or by letter. A j
? m Nf n U i»o»i«ve Cmrt in erery case undertaken. '
APff HA Wriie for B«k, PniLO«OPH Y .f 1 1
¥ • a r> JfAanuci:. mailed frbe. U 1
X Ik IL valuable book (or aim) ,
W DH. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. P. <
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkali no Water.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San Francisco.
¦ 4fc warn ¦ ¦ M ¦ n Cond to STAT CURED. Cm*
H Cl | I H fl H remold. Health rntored. At-
II ¦ M luB IB UckineTerrsrora. KathotrtUy
HO I I 8 fif In Sleep alioight. do M ythln«, g->
¦¦W ¦ ¦ I 1 1 1 1 1 mrwher.. No further need ot
medicine- Book CO FREE. Ninety xmtr—. alUbeni
A«thma»ndU»yFeTer. P. Harola Hay e«, Buffalo, N.T.
GRAPB-NTJTS.SHIP ALSTERSCHWAN WHICH
ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM
NEWCASTLE, AUSTRALIA.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later, than at Fort Point; the height of tide
is tbe same at both placed.
Cnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. ' Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
to" saiu
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
__—„___—— —>—^^_ _
November 24.
S. Monica. . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Phoenix Mendocino City II pmlPier 13
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor Pier —
Hj va j Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 20
Rainier. . . . Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
rct j c Humboldt 9 am Pier 16
Pomona.... Humboldt v l:30pPler 3
G W. Elder Astoria & Portlana 11 am Pier 24
November 25.
Olympic Whatcom & Fairh'n 4 pmlPier 20
Eureka .... Humboldt 9 am|Pler 13
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way 9 am | Pier 1%
G ae i| C China &. Japan ... 1 pmlPier 40
November 20. |
Iaaua .. Humboldt 10 am'Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amIPier 11
t Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm[P»er 20
"! November 37.
Coronado... Gra>"» Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Corona .. Humboldt 1 :3O p £Jer 9
Klcaria . Hamburg & Way.. 12 m|Pler 19
A llance."... Eureka & Coos Bay Pier 16
NewburB... Gra J' 8 Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Ou#en ruget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
vu November 28.
•f T^cirett I-^s Ansreles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Pt Arena.. 1>olnt Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Ian Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Alamrda .. Honolulu ../. 11 am Pier 7
C Svdney . N - Y - vla Panama. 12 m Pier 40
C. S>aney.. November 29, j
K Rosa pan DI *K° & Way. J» am Pier 11
Centralla V. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
nonlta . N«wport & Way... 9 an Pier 11
Columbia . . Astoria & Portland. 11 ampler 24
' * December 1. |
North Fork. Humboldt ..| 5 pm|Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
December 2.
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.lll am Pier 0
December 3. |
Coquille River I 4 pmlPier 2
H. K. Maru China & Japan | 1 pm|Pler 40
FROM. SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dirigo Skapway & Way Ports. Nov. 21
Al-Kl. Skagrway & AVay Ports. Nov. 25
Cottagre City. . Skagway <fc Way Ports. Nov. 27
Kxcelslor Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Dec. 1
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. |Dec. 2
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Dec 7
Sugar Prices Change.
NTEW.TORK. Nov. 23.— The. American
Sugar Refining Company has announced
a change in Its selling terms and reduced
Its list prices 15 cents per * hundred
pounds for all grades, making standard
granulated 4.63c. This price is net less
1 per cent for cash seven days and 5
cents per 100 pounds from invoice. No
further discounts or gratuities are al
lowed, thus eliminating tho 10 cents per
100 pounds formerly In force and mak
ing the net cost unchanged.
EASTERN PORTS. .'•/,
REEDT ISLAND — Passed down Nov 22 —
Ship Edward Sewall, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALETA BUENA— Sailed Nov lft— Br ship
Travancore, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sp.lled Nov 21 — Ger stmr
Mcra, for Kan Francisco.
TENER1FKE — Arrived Nov 21 — Ger stmr
Hercdot, hence July 24.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Nov 23— Br bark
Cn<lo?aii. from Newcastle. Aus.
TAHITI — Arrived Cct 28 — Fre-ici man of
¦war Protet, from Honolulu.
Sailed Oct 25— Bktn Tropic Bird, for San
Tranclscc.
In uort — Fr bark Sully, unable to secure a
crew.
NANAIMO — Arrived Nov 23 — Br «tmr Wye
fleld, hence Nov 20.
MANILA— Arrived Nov 22— Schr Polaris,
from Pujet Sound.
VICTORIA— Arrived Nov 23— Br stmr Wye
field, hence Nov. 20: Nor stmr Tellus, hence
Nov 19; Br ship Pass of Ktlliecrankle. from
Llvprpodl.
MAZATLAN — Sailed Nov 22— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Sibe
ria, hence Oct 23.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Nov 23 — Stmr Zee
land, from Queenstpwo-
SUEZ — Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Indrade, from
Yokohama, for New York.
LONDON — Arrived Nov 23 — Stmr Mlnne
tonka, from New York.
eg-on Railroad and Navigation Co.
Stmr Pennsylvania. Boggs, Comoz Empire
Transportation . Co.
SAILED.
Monday*, November 23.
Stmr Francis H. Leggett, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Centralia, Ericsson. Redondo.
fctmr Samoa. Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, San Pedro.
Stmr Gualala, K&nsen, Benders Landing.
Btmr Newsboy, AdlEr, Eureka.
Btmr N'evadan, Weeden, Honolulu and Ka
hului.
Br ship Ben Lee, Anderson, Newcastle, Aus.
Bchr Conflania, Johnson, .
. Tub Sea Rover. Thompson, Grays Harbor.
" . TELEGP.APHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 23. 10 p. m. — Weather
fogjry; wind south, velocity 8 miles p«r hour.
-v;* BPOKEN.
Per Br ship William Tillie— Nov 6, in lat
10 03 N. long 124 35 \V, Br ship Balmoral,
hence Oct 22, for Antwerp.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 22, 11 p m —
Stmr Bonita, for San Pedro.
Sailed Nov "3 — Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco. . " •
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Noyo,
from Redondo.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov 22— Stmr Edith,
hence Nov 18. Nov 23 — Stmr Santa Barbara,
hence Nov l'J; etmr Al Kl. from Skagway.
• Sailed Nov 23 — Stmr Humboldt, lor San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 23 — Schr Annie Lar
een. from San Pedro. ,; . .
TATOOSH— Passed in Xov 25— Br bark Mo
zambique, from Cardiff; stmr Mackinaw, hence
Nov 20, for Tacoma.
Passed in Nov 23 — Schr Rosamond, hence
Nov 12, for Taccma; echr Nokomls, from San
Pedro.
POR.T GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 23— Schr
Bangor, from San Diego.
Bailed Nov 23 — Schr Banuor, for Ludlow.
WHATCOM— Sailed Nov 22— Schr Lyman D.
Fc«ter. for Sydney.
. ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 22 — Schr Glendale,
hence Nov 17.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 23— Fr
bark Eucenle Fautrel, from Hamburr.
Inward bound Nov 23-rOer ship Ecuador,
from Cardiff.
Sailed Nov 23 — Stmr Luzon, for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 22 — Stmr
Coqutlle River, hence Nov IS.
Sailed Nov 22— Schr Fred J. Wood, for
Guaymas.
BAN DON— Arrived Nov 23— Schr Lizzie
Prlen, hence Oct 30.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Senator,
hence Nov 22; stmr Brunswick, henoe Nov 21;
stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Nov 23 — Bktn Mary WInkelman. for
San Francisco; schr Olira, for Tcpolobampo.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Nov 17— Schr Gem,
hence Nov 1. v
BALLARD— Arrived' Nov 23— Schr Chal
lenger, hence Nov 17; schr Stlmson, from San
Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 23— Br bark In
verneill. fro*n Newcastle, Aus.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Nov 23 —
Ger ship Octavla, from Antwerp; Fr bark
Marcchal de Turenne, from Antwerp.
WESTPORT— Sailed Nov 23 — Stmr Weit
port, for Westpcrt.
REDONDO— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Nov. 23.—
Ex- Mayor George R. Perry, charged
•uith having received a bribe of 53333
from Kant G. Salsbury while the Gar
man-Cameron water deal was in pro
gress, waived examination In Police
Court to-day and was bound over to
the Superior Court for trial. \ He fur
nished bail to the amount of $5000.
Ex-Alderman Adrian Schriver' has
pleaded guilty to the -charge of hav
ing received $235 as a bribe from Kant
K. Salsbury for his assistance In pusn
will be deferred, as Schriver will be a
raigned in the Superior Court and-af
ter pleading. guilty was remanded for
sentence. It is expected that sentence
will be deferred, as Sscriver will be a
witness for the State In the other pros
ecutions. Several other Aldermen have
confessed to their share In the deal and
are expected to become State's-wit
nesses. It develops that Salsbury was
to have received $125,000 cash when the
deal- was put through and that he was
to have been given $100,000 In bonds of
the water company that was to have
been formed.
Net Is' Gradually Being Woven
About Corrupt Grand Rapids
Officials. :;/>J
FORMER MAYOR PERRY
WAIVES EXAMINATION
The police are inclined to think that
he was net molested, but left the city.
He 'sold a half interest in his business
for $30 in the early part of the week
and is said to owe several small bills.
He was drinking to some extent on
Saturday.
The steamer .Eureka is the only boat
on which he could have gone and his
name does not appear on her list nor
does the agent remember his face
among those buying tickets.'. The po
lice have found no trace of him. ¦ *•
EUREKA, Nov. 23.— Fred A- Pooler,
who has been peddling salmon about
the city at cut rates, is missing and
foul play is suspected. He was last
seen Saturday night. at about 8 o'clock
with' his cart, selling his fish. The cart
was found outside of his fish house on
the Buhne wharf. The key was in the
door. Everything gave the appearance
that something interrupted his putting
up his cart.
Mrs. Leaddart. his sister, is firm in
her belief that Pooler has been made
way with, as she claims his life had
been threatened by certain ones among
those with whom he was competing.
His sister remonstrated with him
against going to. his fish house on the
water front at night. He replied that
he was not afraid as long as he was
armed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mystery Surrounds the Dis
appearance of the .
Man at Night.
Sister of Eureka Fish
Peddler Causes Po
lice Inquiry.
FEARS BROTHER
WAS MURDERED
Gaptain Forbes, Commander of the Duchalburn, Reports That on
Sunday He Sighted What Seemed to Be a Vessel on Rocks, but
People Stationed on Islands Report No Such Disaster
THINKS HE SAW WRECKED STEAMSHIP
ON THE SHORES OF THE FARALLONES
SEA MAY CLAIM
TWO FISHERMEN
SkiS and Its Occupants
Thought to Have
Been Lost.
Companion on the Shore Sees
the Craft Disap
pearing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, Nov. 23. — Charles Savage
and Charles Jewell of Orick, while fish
ing Saturday near the mouth of Red
wood Creek, were washed out to sea
and are supposed to have drowned.
The report of .the accident was
fcrought to Orick by Frank Hufford,
who accompanied Savage and Jewell on
their trip. He, however, did not leave
the shore with his companions when
they pulled their light skiff into the
stream. The current was very swift
end the two men in the boat were un
able to make any headway against it.
Finally the struggling men gave up
their attempt to battJe wlih the current
and the boat and its occupants were
carried out to tea, leaving llubbard to
¦witness the sad plight of his friends.
Searching parties have been sent out
since the accident was reported, but
have found no traces of the missing
TTf-n. It is thought that the boat must
have capsized and that the two men
\irre drowned.
LAWSUIT IS BEGUN
FOB A LABGE ESTATE
Belatives Allege Fraud in the Mak
ing cf the Bridget McDermott
Will.
REDWOOD CITY, Nov. 23.— A con
test over the $100,000 estate of the late
Bridget McDermott has begun before
Judge Buck at this place.
In May of this year an alleged will
of the deceased was produced by Mary
Anne Hums, a niece of Mrs. McDer
m!tt. by the terms of which she is
given all of the deceased's property,
with the exception of 57500. which is
bequeathed to a young man named
John J. Faunen, who has been residing
•with the McDermotts for the past fif
teen year?. A nominal sum of $1 is
left to each of two brothers and other
relatives. These brothers and rela
tives are contesting the will, alleging
fraud in Its making. While Bridget
McDermott had the faculty of making
and saving money, she could neither
read r.or write. All documents exe
cuted by her were signed with a cross,
and this Is the case with the will now
being contested. The contestants, it is
understood, will cl?im that this will Is a
forgery and that Mrs. McDermott died
intestate.
The proponent of the will this after
noon produced cs a witness C. Mich
fner of Snn Francisco, who swore that
he drew the will at the request of
Uridget McDermott on November 24,
1P02. a::d that he and one James Ker
v.-5n witnessed Its execution. Kerwin
is dead. The case will go on to-mor
row.
Captain Forbes of the British ship
Duchalburn, which arrived yesterday
from Antwerp, reports that on Sun
day he saw what might have been a
two-masted steam vessel ashore on the
Farallones. His view of the object was
not the clearest, however, and the skip
per thinks his eyes may have been de
ceived into taking the steep and ragged
rocks of the Island for a vessel. There
Is nothing due or overdue correspond
ing with Captain Forbes' description of
what he took for a wreck. The Weath
er Bureau cable to the Farallones went
out of commission during Sunday night
but was working all day Sunday and
it la hardly likely that a wreck visible
as far off shore as lay the Duchal
burn's course would have escaped the
r.otlce of the people stationed on the
Islands. As no word was received of
any vessel In trouble It is almost cer
tain that Captain Forbes was mis
taken.
away the grip, which ' contained valuable*
worth, -Weaver says, 550.
Coal Ship Arrives.
The German ehlu Alsterschwan and the Brtt
ieh ship William Tillle arrived yesterday from
Newcastle, Australia. The Alaterschwan
brought 3720 tons of coal and was 63 days
making the trip. The William Tillle was 70
days on the voyage. She brought 2031 tons
of coal.
Verdict in Case cf Councilman Mey
secturg Is Eeversed ahd Prose
cution Ends.
CASE AGAINST ST. LOUIS
BBIBER IS DISMISSED
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 23—The indictment
¦Safest Eir.il Mevsenbergr. once sentenced
ti three years' imprisonment on comic
tier, of bribery in connection with the
Suburban franchise deal, was nollo
Passed by jTjoge McDonald, on motion of
Circuit Attorney Folk. The Circuit At
torney's action marks the abandonment
of the !Jrjsc-nberg: prosecution.
Meyrenbrrg's sentence was set aside
the decision of the Circuit Court reversed
rnd the care remanded for a new trial
by the Circuit Court. Mcyscnberg was in
dicted witli Kratz and Murrcll. January
24. 1502. He was a member of the City
Council during the Suburban deal
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo.. Xov. 23-On
application of Prosecuting Attorney R.
Y. Store, who is under Indictment on the
charge of accepting bribe money. Judge
Hazel! to-day granted a change of venue.
The case will sro before a special grand
Jury that will be selected. Prejudice was
al'eg-ed by the defendant.
Captain Buford to Resigfn.
Captain Buford. commander of the army
transport Thomas, is going to leave the serv
ice December 1, when he will retire from the
sea and return to his New England home. His
successor has not bern named, but It Is
thought it will be Captain James Barneson.
formerly of the . Warren, and at present on
waiting orders. ¦
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship L.och Carron will load barley
here for Europe on owner's account.
The German ship Chile is chartered for lum
ber from Puget Sound to Callao at 32s 6d.
The French bark Alice Msrie proceeds to
Barbadoes Island and the French ehlp General
Foy to Havre in ballast.
Mariposa Arrives.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Jlar
lpo«a arrived yesterday from Tahiti on eche
dule time and as usual looking like a well
kept yacht. Among her pas«eng«rs were a
number of Honolulu people who went from the
islands to Tahiti and are making the return
trip by way of San Francisco. They speak
in glowing terms of the climate of Tahiti and,
accustomed to tropical delights as their resi
dence In the Hawaiian group has made them,
they found rr.uch that was new and delight
ful* on the other tropical isle. Of their stay
at Papeete, of the days spent exploring Tahiti
and of the smokeless, sootless trip to the
mainland en the well appointed MaripoAa, they
talk or ai something new and worth while in
the outing line. J. Sumner was in charge of
the Honolulu party.
The Marlpona brings little news from "IWii
tl. where everything is quiet. The weather at
Papeete was exceptionally fine during the
Mariposa's stay and the liner's officers report
that from a commercial standpoint tbe tropi
cal port is prospering.
The boatswain and his mate, ringleaders of
the mutiny on the French bark Sully, were
sentenced to Imprisonment in terms of twelve
and «three months, respectively. The crew of
the Sully, fearing that provisions were fall
ing 6hort. locked the officers in their rooms
and took the bark to Papeete. The boatswain
and boatswain's mate were the only ones
punished, but the captain was relieved from
duty and the Sully is at Papeete awaiting the
arrival of a new skipper.
The plague, which for a time raged in New
Caledonia, has been suppressed and French
war vw=se!» stationed in the South Seas are
again making that island a port of call.
The French cruiser Protet is at present at
Papeete. E. Cabrol. chief engineer of the
French gunboat Zelee, came up on the Mari
po«». M. Brlndejonc. captain of police, was
also » passenger. Both men are returning to
France, -having finished their term of service
in the South Seas.
The Mariposa brought 1130 tons of cargo.
Her passongers included the following named:
J. Sumn<?r. H. Meuel. Mrs. II. lleuel. Miss
6. Men^l. Mr*. Taupin. A. TV. Johnson. H. C.
Johnson. L. Keller, wife and three children;
E. Cabrol, Miss M. Jeanne. M. Brlndejonc,
wife and child; J. Jlquel. P. Perodean. A.
Terilmeeran and wife. Won Eon, Ah Waa.
Many Fourth-Class Postmasters In
California Are Named by the
Department.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.-The following
changes In the postal service In Califor
nia were announced to-day: Fourth class
postmasters appointed— California— Peter
F. Hamann, Blocksburp. Humboldt Coun
ty, vice Harriet A. Blockburger. resigned;
George Burt Scheer. Bowman, Placer
County, vice A don H. Thompson, re
signed : C. E. Wallcn. Gardena, Los An
peles County, vice Herbert JelTers, re
moved: Grant Halnllne, Knob. Shasta
County, vice Joe H. Hunter, resigned;
Isaac J. Frazee, Moosa, San Diego Coun
ty, vice Herbert W. Wullff, resigned;
George B. Long, Shumway, Lassen Coun
ty, vice Margaret E. Long. resigned-
Army orders— Captain Henry A. Web
eter. assistant surjreon, now at San Fran
cisco, ordered to Walla "Walla, Wash.
Exports for the North.
Tlie steamer Umatllla sailed on Sunday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise car
go consigned to the principal British Columbian
ports, valued at $15,CE3 and including the fol
84 pkgs fresh fruits, 45 pkgs fresh vegeta
bles. 5 bbls flour. 13.605 lbs dried fruit, 23.S22
lbs raisins. £So0 lbs meals, 20 cs canned goods.
1650 lbs beans. 403 gals wine. 5 cs olives, D ca
honey 41 bxs paste, 1*037 lbs peas, 2200 lbs
chocolate 13 pKs dried fish, 3460 lbs nuts, 19
pkgs provisions. 203 lbs cheese, 67S lbs leaf to
bacco. 19 Fks plaster, C cs nails, 30 cs electrical
supplies 21 cs arms and ammunition, 2 cs dry
Roods 19 cs 720 bottles drugs, 11 cs paints.
1CG!» ft hardwood. 70 rolls paper, 1 cs machin
ery 1975 pigs lead.
Tho steamer also carried 101,600 lbs dried
fruit and 47,000 lbs raisin, valued at $5907, en
route to Winnipeg.
Comes by Cape of Good Hope.
The British ehlp Duehalburn. which arrived
yesterday from Antwerp, had a most tuniult
uous passage and reached port minus eighty
tons of cargo which had to be Jettisoned* to
nave the eMp from foundering. Although she
made a smart paseage. 1C1 days, the Duchal
burn came the longfBt way round and that
after trying and failing to make it according
to original intentions. From 20 south to the
River Platte heavy southerly and westerly
gales were encountered, and it was- during the
worst of these that the eighty tons of freight
were thrown overboard. B<ing able to make
no headway off Cape Horn. Captain Forbes
changed his course and headed for the Cape of
Good Hope. The Duchalburn rasaed Tasmania
October 2 and came around the south end of
ICew Zealand. She was off this port for three
days.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
Tlie steamer Kosecrans, which sailed on Sun
day for Hllo via Honolulu, carried 840.000 gal
lons crude oil -In bulk, valued at $28,000, con
signed to Honolulu, and a general merchandise
cargo for Hllo, valued at $18,468 and including
the following: \ „'
1000 bales hay. 145 cs canned and 60 pkgs
pickled salmon. a40 lbs ham. C20 lbs dried fruit/
282 lbs nuts. 57 cs canned goods, 053 lbs candy,
105 crta potatoes, 572 bxs fresh /rults. 71 crts
onions 12 i kgs fresh vegetables. 1117 lbs beans,
670 lbs bretd. 1212 lbs meat. 110 pkgs grocer
ies and provisions, 4 cs fresh oysters, 4 sks
game, 110,375 lbs fertilizer. 18 pkgs rubber
eood"= 11 cs drugs. and sundries, 6 cs dry goods,
4" cs"boots and shoes, 20 pkgs agricultural im-
DTements. 2 cs benzine. 1 os alcohol. 1 cs paper,
« rols leather. 2 bales bags, 2 bales rubber
hose 12 pkgs wire. 25 bxs tin. 1 cs hats, 4 bdls
10 bars iron. 5200 lbs tobacco. 1 pkg cigars.
6000 lbs etarch.
BITES POLITICAL PASTY
AND GETS VERDICT
Court Holds That Organization Is
Bound by the Acts of Its
Trustees.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— A verdict for
S1950 has been awarded In the City Court
to Peter Felbiger against Eber Forbes, as
treasurer of the Socialist Labor party, 'for
money loaned to the newspaper called
The People, which Is managed by a board
cf trustees elected by the Socialist-Labor
beard. Counsel for Forbes argued that
the party, through Its treasurer, could
cot be sued, because it was an incorpor
ated organization, but the* Judge charged
the Jury that the board oLtrustees was an
agent of the party, with power to borrow
money If necessary to continue the publi
cation, and that the party was bound by
the act of its agent.
Lothian Makes Good Time.
The China Commercial Company's steamship
Lothian yesterday surprised everybody inter
ested in her by putting in an appearance two
days before she was expected. She came up
from Manzanlllo in six days, exhibiting speed
qualities of which she was not suspected. She
was three days at Manianlllo. where ehe land
ed 235 Chinese. They were transferred from
tbe steamship to the new detention aheds re
cently built at the Mexican F»rt by the China
Commercial Company. The Lothian brought
to this port six Japanese and five Chinese. Sh 8
brought 837 tons of cargo.
HELEXA, Mont.. Nov. 23.— The terms
of the will of the late Henry Klein a
well-known capitalist, have been made
known, although the will i 8 not t b
nied for probate until the arrival here of
one cf the executors. Besides liberal be
quests to relatives he gives to the WeB
leyan Methodist Unh-erslty and St. John's
Roman Catholic Hospital, both of Helena
JMOO each. The Consumption Hospital at
Denver will get $5000. as will also the He
brew Union" Colleee at Cincinnati. Tem
ple Emmanuel of Helena' will g e t $2500
direct and probably as much more from
the Individual beneficiaries.
Klein's Liberal Bequests.
CIICCnCNATI. Nov. 23.— John J. Ryan,
the principal witness in the late trial of
Miller and Johns, has been summoned to
"Washington by the Postofflee Depart
ment Tbe purpose of tbe call baa not
been made known.
Postal Authorities Want Witness.
Reinsurance List.
The British, barks Lurller and Talca were
quoted for reinsurance yesterday at 10 per
cent. The Lurlier is out 148 days from Liv
erpool for Callao. She was spoken July 14 in
33 north 16 west. The Talca left Liverpool
138 days ago for Iqulque. The rate on the
Thalia' has been advanced to 90 per cent. The
other overdue* are quoted as follows: Char
lonus. 10 per cent; Flfeshire. Co per cent-
Paris. 40 per cent; Llndlsfarne, 15 per cent-
La Bruyere. 20 per cent. The steamship Hard'
wick Hull, ashore at Farquhar Island is
Quoted at 80 per cent. .
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th% early morning . tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day-in the order of occurrence 'as to time; the
fourth ¦ time column gives the last . tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. -The- heights .given : are ' la
addition to the soundings, of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height.- and then the number
given is ¦ subtracted from the depth 'given , by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Loses yalise at Ferry Depot.
The fcarbor police are looking for the person
that stole from the Santa Fe ferry waiting
room yesterday a valise belonging to Henry
Weaver of 14 Jvckson street. Weaver was on
his way to Stockton. He left his vallee out
side a telephone booth and while he was in
side talking over the wire somebody carried
SMpping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, November 22.
Stmr Wbltesboro, Olsen, 18 hours from
Greenwood-
Monday, November 23.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, US hours from Victo
ria and Pucet Sound ports. : ?*SBfife»«K8H"|
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 41 hours \ from : San
James Dollar. . Twin*. 89 hours from
Se stmr' Maegie, Cornlngr, 4 hours from Half
ra gtmr Mariposa, Rennie, 11 days 19 hours 32
mln from Tahiti.
Stmr State . of California. Thomas, 41 . hours
from San Diego and way ports. " lVDIflPIMII
Stmr Coos Bay. NIcholBon, «2 hours from
e stmr Gipsy, ..Inland, 20 hours from - Moss
sunr Lothian", Williamson, 44 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 31 days, via Man
zanlllo « days.
Ger ship Alsterschwan, Ermann, 63 days
from Newcastle,' Aus. ;
Br chip Duchalburn, Forbes, 154 days from
Br «blz> William Tillle, Gregor, 79 days from
Newcastle, Aus. ;*.
CLEARED. ¦
- Stmr Nevadan. Weeden, < Honolulu & Kahu
lul. Williams, Dlraond & Co.
Btmr George W Elder, Randall. Astoria. Qr-
. Steamer. From. . I Due.
Newburg. .... Grays Harbor Nov. 24
Nlcaria Seattle Nov. 24
Chehalis San Pedro Nov. 24
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Nov.24
Iaqua.. ....... Humboldt .' Nov. 2*
Centennial...* Seattle & Tacoma...... Nov. 24 I
Alameda Honolulu .............. Nov. 24
Senator. - . - - • Humboldt .'...... Nov. 25
Coronado....- 8an 'Pedro ............ Nov. 25
Aitec... Tacoma ............... Nov. 25
H. K. Maru... China & Japan ;. Nov. 25
'Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports. Nov.- 25
Corona...... ¦ Humboldt ." ......'. Nov.- 2S
Newport.,...- N. Y. via Panama...'.. Nov. 25
Point Arena.; Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Nov.'lia
Santa Rosa. :. San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 20
Bonlta....... Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 2«
Columbia. . . • • Portland & Astoria. . . . Nov. 20
Hawaiian.... New York V. .....:...'.. Nov." 27
Czarina. . .".' • • Coos Bay .... .... .'. .'.": Nov. 28
Edith .:.....'• Seattle ... .V. .......... Nov. 28
Pomona..... Humboldt Nov. 28
Eureka ...... Humboldt-. Nov. 23
North Fork... Humboldt V.T... ..;.;.. Nov/28
Curacao.;.... Mexican Ports.....'.;.. Nov. 28
CltyPuebla.: Puget Sound Ports..... Nov. - 28
Abydos.. Hamburg & Way Ports. Nov. 28
Ventura. ;...'. Sydney A "Way Ports. .-. Nov. 30
Chicor. ...... Coquille River .;"...... Nov. 30
Coos Bay...... San Pedro & Way Ports Nov.- 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 30
E. Barbara. .. Seattle & Olympia.: . . . Dec." 1
G.W. Elder.. Portland & Actorla. ... Dec" 1
City of- Para; NV; Y. ; via' Panama'.-. ... I Dec ; '. 2
Umatllla Puget : Sound ': Ports.. '..|Dec 3
China....... CbXn* bm4 Japan....- .[Dec. *
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, ; U. : 8. ? N./ Mer
chants' Exchange, ' Saa -. Francisco. Cal.
November 23, 1903. .-.-¦ *
¦".Tee Time " Ball : , on " the tower ' of the Kerry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. . e.. ; at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time.: : J." C. BURNETTv*
Lieutenant U." S. N..* Ja Chars*.
THE SAN FBA» CISCO CAIiL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 3903.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24.
Sun rises 6:50 a. m.
Sun sets 4:54 p. m.
Moon .seta 9:50 p. ml
O |Tlme Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
* |H W L W H.W --. - L W ¦
24 4:02 4.9 8:63 • 3.3 2:38 4.5 9:13 04
23 4:44 4.9 10:08 3.2 3:33 4.2 9:67 08
26 5:25 4.U 11:20 2.9 4:39 3.9 10:45 11
27 .6:07 5.112:20 2.6 5:53 3.8 11:43 14
28 6:471 6.2 1:11 2.0 T:06 3.8 .. J
LW HW .... iL.W H W
29 0:34 .1.0 7:24 5.2 1:50 1.6 8:14 4 0
30 1:20-1.9 8:00-5.4 2:30 1.0 9-12 ¦- 4*2
10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Tr»ln. leare u nd -re do^to »rrU. . t
(Main Line. Foot of Martet Street)
' tIt T» — FKOM >'OT£MBK»-a. l'.-OS. — AB»IT«
7.00a VacaTllle. Wlnt-r», Kuiusey... 755f
7.0Ua Benicia. SaUnn. Elinlra and 8acrv
tnencu ..' • 7-2Sr
7JS0* Vnllejo. Kapa. CalistORa. Santa
Ro««, Martlnex, Sta R»moo B25p
7^0a Ntles. LiTermoro. Tracy. Lathrop.
Stockton ; — ;;• 72S *
8.00a 6b««* Express— (Via UarU).
WtHtamt (fur BsrUett Springs).
Willows. +Frato, K«<1 Bias.
Portland. Tacoraa. Seattle 753f
800* DaTls,Woodl»na. Knlgbts Landing.
M.-.rysvIi:e. Orovllle 7-55*
8 30» Port Costs. Martlnex. AnttocB.
Byron. Tracy, Stockton. New-
man. Loa Hanos. Memtvtis
ArmoDJ. Ilanford. VlsaMa,
PorterTlIle ¦ 4J5*
8 3CU Port Cotta, Martinez, Tracy. Lata-
rop, Jlotlesto. Merced. Fresno.
Gos.iwn Janctlon. Uanford.
Vlsatla. BaSmfleid 4.5o»
8^0* Kne». 8»n Jose, Llvermora. Stock-
ton. (tMilton). lose. Sacramento,
Placerrllle. MaryaTllle. Chlco.
Red Bluff 425^
8 30* OaMale. Ct»lne»e. Jamestown. So-
nor». Tnolnmne «nd Ansels 4 25F
9 00* Atlantic Kxpre««— Ox<lca<tnd E*<t. 11. 25*
9.30* Richmond. Martinez nnd Way
Stations 8 55*
10-COa The Orerland Lhntted — Oc<ten.
Denrer. Omaha. tUlcago. 825p
1000* V»llejo_ 12.25P
10.00* Lc» Angles Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kajr uiood. Fresno. Goahen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, VUa!la.
BakersSetd. Loa Aa^elea 7.25*
12 00* B«;ward. Kllesand Way StaUons. 3.25P
tl .00r Sacramento Klver Steameri tl 1 .QOr
330f Benicia, Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marytvllls. OroTllls and way
autions '9-§?*
XXOr H»yward.Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-6©>
X 30 p Port Coata, Martinez, liyroa,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way 3:v
tions berond Port Cotta 12.25*
I30y Martinet. Tracy. Stockton, Lodl... 10.28a
4 COP Martlne».Sanltnmon.ValleJo,Napa,
CallttORa. Santa Kosa 9-254
4 OOP Kile*. TracT. Stocktoa. Lodt 4.2S?
4.3Cr Ilayward. Xllea. Irrtngton. Saa \ t8.56A
. Jo6e. Llrennore 1 tli.B&A
6 OOr The Owl Limited— Sewmta. Lo*
Banot, Mendota. Fresno. Tulara,
BakertSeld. Los Angeles 8.854
BXO> PortCoaU. Tracy. Stockton 12?5r
t5 30f Hoyward, Sites »n«t San Jose 7.25a
6-COp Hay ward. Nile* and Saa Joae 9&5*
8C0p Eastern Express— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaha, St. Lonls. Chicago aad
East. Port Costa, Bcaicla, 3ul-
tnn, Elmln, Darts. Sacramenta,
Bockltn. Auburn. Colfsx,
Trnciee. Boca, Reno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemncca. 8-2Sv
• OOr Vallejo. daily, except Sunday I 7E5 ,
700p Vallejo. Snnday only f ••"**
7X0r Ulchmond. Saa Pablo. Port Cotta.
Martlnex and Way Stations 11.25a
805p Oregon * California Expreta— 8ae-
rameDto, MarysTiUe. Redding. ,
Portlaod, Pueet Sound and K«tt. S-SSa
9.10? Bayward. Nllca andSaa Joae(Saa-
dayoniy) 11.58a
COAST LINE Uarr»w «»«ge).
f^'oot of Market Street.)
8-15* Newark, OenterTlile. Saa Jote,
Feiton, Iloulner Creek. Saata "
Cms and Way Stations. 5-537
t2.16P Newark. Centerrllle. San Joae.
New Almnden.Los Gatos. felton,
Sonlder Creek. Saata Crux aad
Prtnetpal Way Station* tiO-554
4.16r Newark. Ban Jese, LoaGato* and S »3 55 »
way itntlons ) tlOBS*.
«9 30? Hunters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Retnm-
lDS from Loa Gatos Sanrlay only. X7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KUAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip l>
— 17:15 9:0) 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 CO 5-15 P.M.
rrom OAKLAN'D, F»ot of Broa.lway — t«:(M »:«
15:05 1U:0Oa.m. 12-00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE <B'»*d ««¦«•)•
jar- (Third ami Townseprt Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Sutions 6-3QP
7.00a San Jo»e and Way Stations 6-36P
8.00a New Almnden (Taes., Frid.. only). 4-10p
8X0a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jote, Gilroy (connection for Hol-
Uster). Pajaro. CastroYllle, Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso RoMea,
Bants Margarita, San Lola Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Surf
(connection fnr Lompoc) prln^
csl stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrorliie to and from
Monterey and Paciflc Grore 10.49**
9. CO* San Jose. Tret Plnos, Capltola.
8antaCruz,PaclflcGroTe.SallnRa.
San Lu!s Oblspo and PrlnelTal
Way Station* 4-1O
10.30a 8«n Joae and Wny Stations 1-20*
11 -30a Stata Clara, Stn Jote, Los Gatot
and Wny Stations 740
I^Op San Jose and Way Stationa 8.3CU
iJCQr PactacGroTeExpreaa— SantaCiara
ean Jose, Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific lirovc (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gilroy for Ilolltster. Tres
Pino*, at CaatroTllle for Salinas. 12.15*
ZZOr Tret Plaos Way Pastenger ',10 45*
t4 4tP Kan Jose. (Tt» Santa Clara) Lo»
Gatos, aad Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9.12*.
{5-J0r Ban Jote and Principal Way Stations ta.OOA
S.OOp Snntet Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose, Gllroy.Sallnas.Paso Roble s,
Ean Luis Oblapo, Santa Barbara,
Lot Angeles. Demlog. El Paso*
New Orleans. New Toric. Con-
nect! at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at Ca«troTl!!« for Psclfle
Grove and Way Stations 7.10a
t$.1B> 6an Mateo,Ber«sford,Belinoat.San
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 18 43 a
G.IOr Ean Jote and Way Stations. 6.33a
11 .ZQr South San Francisco. Mlllorme, Bar-
llngame. San Mateo, Belmont.
San Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.4Sf
•11.30* VayneM, Mountain View, Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose ,. t *... t9.4Sp
A for Morning. P for Afternooo "*
J Sunday only.
t&topt at all Rations on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
fTQnlj trains ttopping at Valencia 8u toath bond
axeS:10A.*^;:WA.M., 11:30 a.m.. 8:S0r.u.BQd i-.SOr.a.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEliN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCI5CU ANU NORTH PACIFIC
railway coaiPAjqrr.
Tlburoa Terry, Toot ot Maxiet Street.
SAZT PBA2ICISCO TO BA2T EAPAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:CO. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 5:10, «S:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trla
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
8UNDATS— S:0O. 9:30. U:00 a. m.; X:30. 3:30.
3:00. 6:W. 11:30 D. m.
SAN RAfAEL TC SA2T 7BA3TCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:50. 0:20. U:13
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:33 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; l:iOk 3:40.
4:55. 6:C5. 6:23 p. m.
Lecre I In Effect I Arrlv*
Ean Franc!sco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- J Bun- j Week
Days. I days. | Uon. | days. | Day.
7:30a 8:C0a 0:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Igsado. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p «:C5 p 8:20 p
8:10 p 3:COp 7:33 p
7:30 a . 9:10 a S:4Oa
8:00 a Norato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:03 p 0:20 9
6:10 p 3:."0p and 7:33 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a!10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. 7:33p 6:20?
8:30 p 3:SOp I
Windsor. I • __
T:30a 8:C0a Healdsburj. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton. ¦ „ ._
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyaervllla. 7:33 p C:20p
Cloverdaie. .
7:30 al 8:COa| Hopland 110:40 aJ10:20 a
, 8:30 a| 3:30 pi and Cklafa. I 7:33 pi 6:2O p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. | 7:35 pi «:2O g
7:30 a) 8:00 al |W:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p( 3:30 p| GqerneTlIl*. I 7:33 p| «:20 P
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I »:Waj 8:40 a
B:10p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I « :Og P< «»>P
7-ia.i s-no.l fl0:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| SebastopoL I :33 Pi 6.20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for Wh «• 9"lphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and^atart .£•«
SDrtn«s : at Lytton for Lytton Spring*, at Gey-
awrtlS'fSr Skaggs Springs; at Ooverd^ for
«>,„ n*T?*»T* n<ionevllla ana urmnwooa; at
Hopla°d y ""b^n e sprt n^ Highland Sprl^^
&,« B»Tton Spring Blue Lakes. Laurel
DeU "Sic P W tt«r Springs'. Upper Lake Pomo.
!KItS?Jt Usal- at Willlta for Fort Bragg.
vHt ££t* Sherwood. Canto. Corello. Layton-
'cSraStoS BelV Springs. Harris. Ot-
•cn's. D^r. Garbenrllle. Pepperwood. ScoUa
* D Satu*la'y a to Sunday round-trip tlckeU at iw;
dU On d Sunday round-trip tickets to an polnta
>,.vr.n.l San Rafael at half rates.
TicAt offlot. «30 Market .treet. Ornmtda
bn H d 'a*wHrrTKO. r. x. rtax.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
The Weekly Call
$!'- pet*. Year*'.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Mm carters
Positively cared by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, "Nausea, Drowsl-
Bess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongra
Pain in the Side, TORPID LTVER. They
Regulate the Barrels. Purely Vegetable.
Smal! Pill. Small Dose«
Small Price.
ITS NOT A STIMULANT
YOU WANT, BUT A CURE.
fScmeMerYs Remedies £%
Stimulate But Do fc'f
Is a Nerve tonic that cures and you etay cured.
NERVAN TABLKTS are for the cure of Ner-
vousness. They produce restful sleep and a
good appetite.
One of the leading druggists of this city
truthfully says: "If I were offered <1000 to
prepare a better formula than Nervan I could
not do It. It Is the most wonderful preparation
in the world." • ;-
Thin Nervous, Careworn persons and Brain
workers should not hesitate, but take NERVAN.
They renew Vigor and Vitality in young and
old.
You never hear anything but words of praiso
for them from people who have tried them and
know their worth.
The following are a few of thousands of ex-
pressions unsolicited:
The Delmonico. Guide Rock. Neb., Nor. 6.
1903. — Nervan Tablet Co., Chicago. I1L —
Gentlemen: My wife and myself have taken
three boxes of Nervan Tablets and I think It Is
the beit medicine on earth. We are both gain.
Ing In flesh and strength. "We both cheerfully
recommend Nervan Tablets to the suffering hu-
manity and safely vouch for its many qualities.
If the above is of any benefit to you you can
use it as a testimonial. We are ever ready to
vouch for Its good qualities. Tours for success,
T. J. MALONET AND WIFE.
Lock Box O. Guide Rock. Neb.
Nervan Tablet Co.. Chicago. 111.—
Dear Sirs : I am using NERVAN for general
debility and lost energy. As an energy builder
they cannot b« beat. I feel Ilka 25 years old
and I am 00. I would qot be without them and
I will try and induce others to take them.
S. A. READ.
Griswold, 111., Oct. 5. 1003.
DEU/ADE of liquid preparations that contain
DCnAliC alcohcl. They stimulate for a time,
but In the end do you great harm. You take
no chances with NERVAN TABLETS, as they
cpnfaln no alcohol or other Injurious Ingredi-
ents. »
¦ You who suffer from Vital Weakness, Losa of
Memory, difficulty in concentrating your
thought, loss of energy and ambition, dark cir-
cles under the eyes, weak back, etc., should not
delay, but take the peer of all Nerve and Blood
remedies. NERVAN TABLETS. They will
surely cure you.
Sold nnd recommended oy
T7XIOCT DKUG CO2XPAOTT GTOEE3:
214 Kearny Street.
Stockton and OTarrell Streets.
Market Street and Van Ness Avenue.
Sixth Street, corner Mission.
' 318 Montgomery Avenue.
40O Sutter Street.
Valencia Street, cor. Treaty-Third.
California and Fillmore Streets. ... '« .
or sent direct upon receipt of 91.
WEgVAIT TABI.ET CO- Chicago, HL
Coal Reductionl
American Cannel |
Sold by AH Reliable Dealers. 0
SaB Si S
BAEL& AY TB A VELw
j CALIFORNIA J
LIR1ITED TO GE3I6A8O 1
• Lcavas fiondays and Thursdays 5>j
I at 9:30 a. m., through In 8 days, w-
with diner and ail trappings. H
I
| Other Santa Fe Trains :
olS ?* m* I iot Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfield*
8:00 p." S) Merced, Hanford and VlaaUa.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Caayoa aad
' Chicago.
Ticket Offic-b: 641 Market St., aad Ferry
Depot. S. r. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal. .
ROSS VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily— 7: OOl 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
615 8 15 7:00 8:45. 10:80. 11:45 p. m.
raOMSAN RAFAEL, TO SAJJ FRA.NCTSCO
—Dally— 5 25 6 :35 7 :40. 8 :35. 9 :35. 11 :05 a.
xn~^ 12*0. 1%5. 2:65. 3:45. 4:45. 6:45. 8:45.
R'ft 10*20 d ' m.
FROM MILL, VALLET TO SAN KRJLN-
ClSfO— Dally— 5:45, B:55. 7:52. S:55. 9:55.
li:20Vm., 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05. 0:05. 8:05.
7-00. -9:00 10:35 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
. 8:00 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stationa.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays ezcepted)
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
Sundays only — 10 a. m., Potnt Reyes and way
stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave . TU 2ansttiU fory ¦ Arrive *
SanFrandsco Net tflUrk* a. SanFrancbco
Week Son* : , jmr ~Snn- Weak'
Pay*, days J&£aji&!£p\ dayn Days.
5:13r 1O:OOa XXJSSS&W S:SOr ,5:5Or
*- 5Op * :5 °*
•Comet tIA ifajg* ftt - T - Mya md Tiflrry Ctf
™S2, j 6a« Makjckt ST^(Norta Shore Railroad)"
«'iui» 1 aad Savsalito FKaav, Foot Market SoCHICAGO, Nov. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts.
85.000; slow and lower; good to prime steers,
$5®5 .'.0; pcor. to medium, $3 50@4 80; stock
ers and feeders. $284; cows. $1 50@4 25; heif
ers, $284 50; canners, $1 50<Q2 40; bulls, $2©
4 25: calves, *2 WXS7 25; Texas fed steers,
$2 ~&8 3 00: Western steers. $3<§4 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 52,000; to-morrow,
12,000; 10®15c lower; mixed and butchers'.
J4 40©4 55; good to choice heavy, $4 40@4 50;
rough heavy, *4 1504 40; light, $4 20@4 45;
bulk of sales, $4 35@4 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 30.000; sheep and lambs
steady; good to; choice wethers, «3 50#4 25
fair to choice mixed. %2 73®3 50; Western
sheep. $2 T5iu"4; native lamDs, $3 75@5 50;
Western lambs, 3®4 15.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Nebr., .Nov. 23.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 7500; steady; native steers, $3 50S)5 23;
cowa and heifer?, $2 6O4H: Western steers,
$3@4 25: Texas steers, $2 65©3 60; range cows
and heirers. »2 10@3 10; canners, $1 60@2 10
stockers and feeders, $2 50@3 50: calves, $2 50
g.">: bulls, stags, etc.. $1 50<3'2 75.
HOGS — Receipts, 5000; market 10®15c lower
heavy. $1 25©3 25; mixed, $4 30@4 35; light.'
$4 35ff4 43; pigs.- $4 30@4 45; bulk of sales
$4 30«4 35.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; active and stronger;
Western yearlings. *3 25©3 75r wethers, $3 15
03 60: ewes. $2 R0@3 15; common and stock
ers $2@3 40; lambs. $3 75«?4 75.
. ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Xov. 23.— CATTLE— Re- '
celpts. 3300: moetly 10c lower; natives, $3 50fJ
5 25: cows and heifers, ,11 6004 50; stockers
and feeders, $4 16©5.
HOGS — Receipts. 6000; 10c lower; light, $4 20
@4 50; medium and heavy, $4 20®4 30.
SHEEP— No receipts.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
The Besn <".ealers are endeavorlns to ar
range with the Merchants' Exchange to estab
lish annual standards of Beans, so that when
shipments are made to the Eai>t the Inspection
certificate of the exchance will. accompany the
shipment. This, it *a honed, will check the
continual rejections of California Beans . by
Eastern buyers on the ground that they ara
not up to grade.'-' I
, Pinks' continue firm at a further slight ad
vance, but the other descriptions remain quiet
and unchanged.
• BEANS— Bayos. $2 25@2 40; Pea. »3@3 25:
Butters $3 25; small White, $2 75@3; large
White. $2 35#2 50; Pink. $2 50#2 65; Red.
$3®3 25; Lima. $2 «5@2 95; Rea ividneys,
H 23; Blackeye, $2 15©2 33 ter ctl; Horse
SEEDS—Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus
tard |2 C5@2 85; Flax. Jl 7001 80; Canary.
oifisUe for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll@14c: Rape.
l?i©2Hc: Timothy, 6®G%c; Hemp. 3*4@3^o
per lb; Millet. 3®3*Ac; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
URIElTpEAS— Green, $1 S0@2 per ctL
Beansxand Seeds.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
•Wheat — Dec - March. May.
Opening 6 6V4 0 4V 4 6 2',4
Closing ..fi5»4 64>,4 0 2&
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 20 J)3 ,20 93
Closing ; 20 95 2100
Flour —
Opening 29 10 28 60
Closing •• 20 20 28 40
BUBGLARS CTJT FINGER
TO SECURE A DIAMOND
Thieves Pail in a Dastardly Attempt
to Obtain Young Woman'i
Jewels.
MARION, Ind., Nov. 23.— Burglars en
tered the home of John Shippey, a lum
ber merchant, last night and attempted
to cut off the fingers of his daughter
Edith to secure her diamond rings. The
girl's screams caused the burglars to
flee. Three men have been arrested ca
suspicion.
LYNN, Mass., Nov. 23. — Rev. James
M. Pullman, pastor of the First Unl
versalist Church, a clergyman widely
known in that denomination, died sud
denly yesterday of apoplexy after
preaching a sermon of unusual vigor.
Rev. Mr. Pullman was a brother o£ the
late George M. Pullman, the parlor car
builder. He was 67 years of age.
Dies After Preaching Sermon.
W. " W. Percival, principal stock
holder, has received so much encour
agement from business men that he
has announced his intention of rebuild
ing. It Is considered a rather extraor
dinary circumstances that three Tolo
County mill3 have been destroyed by
fire and in every instance the origin
has been mysterious.
Thirteen Thousand the Fire Loss.
* WOODLAND, Nov. 23.— It can now
be definitely stated that the loss, above
insurance, as a result of the destruc
tion of the flour mill Saturday night is
about $13,000. ' .
On .the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 16@23',ic. Eggs,
firm- at mark, cases Included, 23§2Gc. Cheese,
steady; 10@10}&c
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 28.700 30.100
Wheat bu 129,800 228,000
Corn 'bu 197.000 419.200
Oats' bu .'. 230.500 131.600
nye'bu 16.700
Barley bu 64,200 4.100
COTTOLENE^ — One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, OUc: one tierce, 9Hc; two tierce*.
Uc; five tierces, 8%c per lb. • .
Chicago was lower on large receipts of Hogs
and lower prices at the yards. There was no
change here.
The Chicago report of Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. eays: "Hog receipts were quite large
and considerably in excess of last year. Prices
at the yards were also less. This made some
8ellin!? pressure and while there are no Indi
cations that packers are disposed to market
products freely, they are. on the other hand,
making no effort to sustain prices. Scalping
trade is rather bearish. The distributive de
mand is good. Receipts of hogs are liable to
be liberal for the week and we are inclined
to think it will be a good week in which to
buy." *
CURED MEATSr-Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12'4c for light medium. 14^c for light,
15 He for extra light, . 18 %o for sugar-cured
and 20®21*>4c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14 He; California Hams,
13% c; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12012 50; Family, $13; prime Mess Pork. $18;
extra clear, (24; Mess, $19; Dry Salted Pork,
12c; Pig Pork, 528; Figs" Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at ~%e per lb for
compound* and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure.
»V4c; 10-lb tins, 0%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
Provisions.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. 1 $24 C0@23
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26S'26 00-
Jobbing. ?27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake. S21<g2J-
Corn Meai. |30$?31: Cracked Corn. . 130 60®
31 50: Mixed Feed. $22 50^23 50; Horse Beans.
|30@40 per ton. - ' .
HAY— Wheat. $14@I6 50; Wheat and Oat
$13 50@10 50; Oat. *13@15: Wild Oat,~ $11 50®
13 50; Barley, $11@13; Stock, »10@ll; Alfalfa,
S10812 50 per ton.
STRAW — 10©tS5c per bale.
The Government is advertising for bids from
Calfiornia, Oregon and Washington for 5435
tons of Hay for shipment to Manila. Tho mar
ket rules steady, with recelcts moderate.'
Foedstuffs continue steady, with fair to
large receipts of Bran and Shorts from tho
north.
BRAN— 120(321 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-420028 per ton.
SHORTS— 120©21 per ton.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. SO®Sli.Jc; No. 2
red, h2Vi<?84c: No. 2 corn. 43c: No. 2 yellow.
44c- No 2 oatn. SSUc; No. 2 white. 3Sc: No. 3
white. 3(Vf37»;c; No. 2 rye. 53Vfcc; Rood feed
ing barley, 37{?38c; fair to choice malting 1 ,
4Si05f>c; No. 1 liaxseed, 00c; No. 1 Northwest
ern 9tS*4c- prime timothy seed, $2 00; me*s
pork, per bbl. *11 37'^'Sll &0; lard, per 100
lbs. $6 tC^SO ITTH: short ribs sides (loo?e).
$6 5O&C 75: ehcrt clear sides (boxed). $<} 5o#
« 62>4; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 25;
clover, contract grade, $10 C5.
Gallons. Cases. Values.
New York 977.754 82 J32S.254
Hawaiian Islands .. 59.W*6 150 2C.491
Great Britain 37.395 14 14.438
Mexic.-) 12.7*3 6» 5,0«3
«>ntral America .. 7.679 132 4.277
Colombia 4,379* '..'. 1.752
Ecuador C5J*2 ' :..' 3..W7
Peru ¦ 15tJ '.-.. 78
British Columbia... 1,715 5 Wi
Tahiti VilO ... 1, fll'S I
Chin* ..-;; ».S37 5S 3.7.12
J«ran 4.819 10 1.630
Vsr,i!» «!7 ¦... 1U3
New Zealand 100 ....• 43
.-'aTTiOan Inlands .'..- 37 -..'. ;
Germany ...: : es 10 HO
• —
Totals 1.129,350 4S0 $391.SCS
la Odcberi !!)C2. the exports were 654.728
•:«::• nr ar.d 32.S csspf. valued at $109,659. la
thai moi.i: 471.474 gallon* and 5O cases, valued
.• >:>k.XSr.. went to New York and 14.450 ital-
I ne. valued at *C30O. to England.
Weather Report.
(1501a Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANC1PCO. Nov. 23 — 5 p. m.
The fcllowlnc are the ypas.or.al rainfalls to
dat> nr '•omj-are.l with those of tame .late last
s*ai«or; and rainfall In lact twenty-four hour*:
Last This Last
PtationF — 24 hourF. Scaron. Season.
Eureka ... 0.2* 13. S3 13.13
Red Bluff 0.01S 8.70 10.O*
taQram^nto O.O2 3.52 3.O
t^an Frar.rlsco 0.02 4.41 3.«»
Frr-!=no T. O.04 2.«7
Ind<T>ori<i<--ii-« O.OO T. 0.79
fan Luis C\>\?i>o (>.<Y\ 0.44 3.T.2
L<i» Anjelf* 0.00 O.43 2.47
San Diego * o.OO 0.C5 2.50
THE COAST RECORD.
O ~ 2 2 - t -
STATIONS. J 1 1 || |f |S. 1
;!!';! :
Baker S0.M 42 3« MV Cloudy 16
Caiwn 29.90 rv; 42 \\- Oear T.
Kt^r^ka 30.02 «52 5C NW Clou<!>- 2S
Freirio 2fl.S»6 66 R2 N Pt Cldy .<"«
Flapytaff 3<t.OO «4 24 W Pt Ody <O
Pocateiio rjrt.no 4* ::s e Cloudy <2<
Independence .29.S8 «s 40 g Cloudy .00
\jr» Anpeles...2Sl.h4 76 Vt W Pt Cldy it)
North Head ..30.08 4S 42 E Pt Cldy '.<H>
rho^nix 23.RS M 44 NW Clear .<K>
Portland 3O.10 4S 40 XW Fojrgy «i4
Red Bluff 30.00 m . . S Clear .r*
Itoseburg 30.10 4S 4»> NW Cloudy .51
harramreto ...29.1<« US 5*) NE Pt Cldy .02
fait Lake 30.02 .16 46 FE Cloudy T.
San Fran 30.02 «4 M W Cloudy S'i
P. L. Obispo. . .3O.C>2 70 50 W Clear .<«
Pan Diego 2f».tiS CS 64 NW Cloudy .<kj
Seattle 30.14 40 3» E Cloudy .00
Fpokane SO.ie 4O 30 S Ooudy T
Tatooeh 3O.O6 4« 42 E Pt Cldy T.
Walla Walla .30.1H 40 32 E Cloudy .44
Wlnnerr.ucca ..2».»4 M 34 S Cloudy .00
Turn* 29.SS f>2 52 E Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has ri»en slowly along the
coaFt from Eureka northward and has fallen
between the Sierra and Rocky Mountains. A
moderate disturbance overlies the Inter
mountain dlavrict and may move southward
over the valley of the Colorado.
The temperature continues high ever the en
tire Southwest.
Light showers have fallen from Fresno north.
A thunderstorm occurred at San Francisco.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight November 24:
Northern California — Showers Tueeday; light
aoutherly wind, changing to northerly.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather: probably showers in the mountains
Tuesday; fresh southeast wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Clearing Tues
day; light southerly wind, changing to north
erly. • A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 S5. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. (4 50@4 t)0;
Oregon and Washington, $3 »0@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 'MQ-i 40 for Bakers'. •¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 23 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, S3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. J7;
Corn Meal. (3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5CK3'4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, ft 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 00; in sacks. $6 75©S 10;
Pearl Barley. $U: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, f5 60 per IOO lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles. Open. Hlgn. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2 —
December, new. SO 80 79 tf 70*-i
May 78% 78% 7SH ™H
July 74% 74% 74»i 74U
Corn. No. 2 —
December 43% 43% v!2»4 42*i
May 42U 42% 41»i 41TS
July 4214 42% 41% 41%
Oats, No. 2 —
December 35 35% 34% 34ft
May 36>4 36*4 35% 35%
July 83% -33% 33>4 33>,i
Mess pork, per bbl —
January 11 40 11 40 11 22% 11 25
May 11 60 11 52% 11 35 11 35
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 6 57% C 57% 6 45 G 45
Mav « «0 6 60 6 50 6 52%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 0 05 0 05 5 02% 5 05
May « 15 6 17% 6 05 6 07%
. The. condition of the Honey market is out
lined in a statement in the first column.
Another car of Italian Chestnuts has ar
rived, but la reported in bad order.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7@9c for Royals and 9@
lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 485*4c;
sun-dried. 3V4@4c; Peaches. 4yj@6Hc; Pear«.
»J01Oc; Nectarines. 4®5*>4c; Figs, white. 4©4%c
In boxes; black, 4&c; Plums, pitted, 6®9c per
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2H©2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o- b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50- lb boxes — I^oose Muscatel. 2-crown.
6Wc per lb; 3-crOwn, 6%c; 4-crown, «Hc; Seed
less Muscatels. 4Hc: do floated. 4tfc; un
bleached 8ultanas, 4}4e: Thompson's Seedless,
6%c. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown- clusters, $2; 6-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3: Malaga Loose, 2
crown. Be per lb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4*4c; Pacific do. 3%c; Oriental do, 2%c.
Seeded Raisins— 16-01 packages, fancy, 8c per
lb; choice, 7%c; 12-oa packages, fancy. 6%c;
choice, 6%c: In bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, 7%c
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13V4@14c;
No. 2, 11*>4®12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13&13fec;
No. 2. ll@ll%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
IOMic for I X L, 10^4o for Ne Plus Ultra and
S%c for LangueiJoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for East
ern: Pecans. 11613c: Cocoanuts. $4 60©5: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 8®10c per lb, and ll@12^4c
for Italian.
HONEY— Comb, ll@13c for white and 9810c
for amber; water white extracted. 5@5%c; light
amber extracted. 4H£5c; dark, 3Mt@4c.
BEESWAX— 27®29o s x>er lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
• MONDAY. Not. 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha «5 05 Julia 00 07
Alta 01 02 Justice 10 12
Anefes 1* 13 Kentuck 03 04
Pelcher 13 13 Keyes Graes* — 1 8rt
Best & Belch. 1 25 1 40|Mexlcan 6O «2
Bullion 07 CS.Occldental ... 3« 4O
Caledonia 83 85:O?hlr 130 135
Challenge Con 16 l'.Overnmn .... 12 13
Chollar 10 12'Potosl Oft 10
Confidence ... 70 fUl Savage 13 15
Con Cal & V. «> 911 Scorpion .... 01 03
Con Imperial. 02 OH Seg Belcher.. 08 0«
Con N T 0:5 ©4'Slerra Nev .. 27 23
Crown Point. 12 14 Silver Hill ..52 54
Purexa Con.. — BOiPt Louis .... 11 —
Exchequer ... 11 12 Syndicate ... 04 0«
Gould & Cur. 1!> 20 Union Con ..34 37
Hale & Nor. 50, 51 Utah 11 13
Lady Wash.. — (HlYellow Jack.. 26 27
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.j Bld.Ask.
Colehan — ls'raymaster ... 05 OS
ESperanza ... — Cl Rescue 03 05
Gold Mount.* — 05 Belmont — 93
Hannapah ... — 10! Ton & Cal ... 18 20
Lucky Tom .. — OSNevada Ton.. 6 COT W»
MacNamara . 08 12 \ North Star ..3.1 37
Mlzpah Ex .. — 20; Midway 33 4'»
Montana. 1 07% 1 12*^ United Ton .. — 13
New York ..01 C3I
¦ ? ¦
DISTILLER IS ACCUSED
OF SERIOUS OFFENSE
Louisville Business Max^ Charged
With Detaining 'a Young Wo
man Against Her Will.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Nov. 23.— Charles
E. Lemmon, president of the Old Times
Distillery Company and having exten
sive business connections throughout
the country, was arrested to-dayj
charged with detaining Miss Ida Stew
art of Moorehead, Ky., at a hotel here
against her will. Lemmon gave bond
and was released. He said he had been
guilty of no discourtesy to Miss Stew
art, but had endeavored to be of ser
vice in directing her to a hotel because
she was a stranger in the city.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Board —
20 AUska Packers* Association 145 CO
10 Alaska Packers' Association ....144 00
15 Alaska Packers' Association 143 50
6 Alaska Packers' Association ....143 23 •
15 Alaska Packers* Association 143 0O
10 Alaska Packers' Association 142 50
5 Cal Wine Association... : 91 50
10 Cal Win Association (s 590) 92 00
10 Contra Costa .Water 39 75
10 Contra Costa Water ~. 40 00
50 Hutchlnson S P Co .'.. 10 25
200 S F Gat & Electric Co 60 25
160 Spring Valley Water Co 39 87%
Street — %
' 10 Contra Costa Water 40 00
30CO Oakland Transit 5 per cents 108 CO
65 Spring Yalley\ Water Co 33 b7ft
Afternoon Session.
Board — '¦ ". •
5 Alaska Packers' Association ....143 50
5 Alaska Packers' Assn (cash) .1 13 SO
15 Alaska Packers' Association 144 00
70 Cal Wine Association 92 25
5 Spring Valley Water Co.......... 39 87%
$5000 S P of C 6 pr ct bonds (1OOC)...1M 62?,
. Street—
I20OO S P of C 6 pr ct bonds (1906) 104 52%
California Stock andOHExchangc
MONDAY. NOV. 23.
011 Stock— Bid. Ask
Alma • 150*
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Cert....... 10" 20
Aztec " 85
California Standard .... • V, n
Caribou >.....'. .p.. .100
Central Point Con *...... 05
Chicago Crude ...../........ 19 2 l
Claremcnt ....... ...'.".. ..... 2.1 ¦ 30
Ksperanza I 1 05 - ....
Four 67 «g
Fulton .....4 23 ....
Giant ' . ...... .' . .'.'.". . IV.TIVT.W 1 . . : ,«j 20
Hanford .....;.... ..133 00 ....
Home 93 ICO
Imperial , is 00
Independence 16 17
Junction iy
Morning Session.
WATER STOCKS.
Centra Costa 30% 42 ] Port Costa. . — —
Marin Co ... 61 — ISp V W Co. 39 % 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 4%'S F G & E. 69 €9%
Mutual EL. — 10% S F Gas L. . 3 —
Pac O Im... 55 55% Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 55% — . U G & E... — —
Sac E G&R. — — * '
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 09 69%/
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.320 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 LP & A.... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..84 — Mer Trust... 230 250
Bank of Cal. 430 460 Merch Ex...— —
Cal Safe Dp. — 152% S F Nationl — —
First Nationl — —
. - SAVINGS BANKS.
Ge'r S & L.. — 2300 Sav & L So. 95 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. 100 110 Union T Co..— —
S F Sav U..600 —
STREET RAILROADS. f
California..— 205 I Presidio .... S9& —
Geary — SO I /
POWDER.
Giant. 65 67%,VIgorlt — 4%
SUGAR. .
Hana P Co.. — 80c Kilauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 43 45 Makuwell C. — 24%
Honokaa S C 12% — Onomea S C. 31 32%
Hutch S PC 10 10% Paauhau S C 14% 13&
#»> MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.143% — Oceanic S C. — 6%
Cal Fruit Co. 92 93 Pac A FA.. 4% 5%
Cal Wine As. 91 — Pac C Borx.167 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s — 100
Bay CPC 5s. — 103% Do con 5s. — 105
Cal C G 5s. — 100% O W G 5s.. — 9T
Cal C & B g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5b. — 102% Om C R 6s. 120 123
Cal-st 5s ... — — Pac G Im 4s — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 6s.lO6 107%
E L & P 63.120 — P & C H 6s. — —
K & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R 6s.ll6%120
Geary-8t 5s.. 45 90 Powell-st 63.113% —
H C & S 5%sl01 SEG &R5s. — 100%
H C & S 5s. — 100 SF & EJVSs. — 117
Hon R T Cs.104%105% S R of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Elec 5s.l04%105% S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. — 113 (1900) 107%109
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) .... — 109
Do gtd €s. — — S P of C 6a
Do gtd 5s. — 104 n»O5)Sr A.102<SUO3U'
LAP lem 6S.100 — <19O5)Sr B.103%104
Mkt-st'C Bs.llS — (19C6) 104%105
Do lem 58.112 114 (1912) ....114%114*i
NRR of C6s.i/rt%10<7% SPC 1 ct 6s. — —
Do 5s 114%11« Do stampd — 107
N P C R 5s. — ' 10? S P B R 6s. — 134
NCR 5s..*09 — S V W 6s... — 106%
>T C P C 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. 98% —
J* S R R 5s. — 95 Do 4s 3dm. 97% 99
O G L H 5s.lO7 — Rtkn G&E6s. — 102%
O T Co 6s.. — 117% U G & E 5s. — —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
... Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. 110% HlJi 4s qr cz> newlS-tVilSSU
4s qr reg. ..110% 111 hi 3s qr coup. .107% 108%
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Nor. 23—2 p. m.
Alaska Packers was the leading etock on the
morning session, and declined from $146 to
$142 50. with a number of small sales. Cali
fornia Wine was firmer at $91 50*J92. Other
wise the market was quiet and featureless.
The oil stocks continued dull.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers recovered
to $144 and California 1 Wine was still firmer at
$92 25.
CHICAGO. Nov. 23-. — Trading In wheat was
exceedingly tatne and the business was confined
mainly to local professionals. Larger world s
shipments than had been expected, lower ca
bles and continued favorable weather caused a
slump in itIccs at the start. December selling
ott to 79V t c after opening lower to %c
higher at 79%c to 8<>c. Outside markets were
also dull and weak early in the day and this
fact was a bear Influence on prices here. The
situation in the Northwest was still a potent
factor and with light receipts there the early
loss was quickly regained. The market re
ceived some Fuprort from a prominent local
operator, • who bought ireely of both December
and May deliveries, but toward the end of the
Emission trading became decidedly dull and May
ranged between 78 Uc and 7K%<g7S!4c and
closed V^felic lower at 78-%@78%c.
The sentiment in the corn pit was bearish
and there was some Felling early in the day
on thi» large world's shipments and the unsat
isfactory condition of the cash and export busi
ness although traders in general were not in
clined to sell much, owing to the small receipts
and the report of Fmall country offerings. De
cember closod Y*c lower at 42%c.
The feature of trading in oats was the sell
ing of May by commission houses, which caused
a weak market. December closed %c lower at
24 %c.
Provisions were weak on extremely large re
ceipts of hogs, with a decline of from 10c to 15c
In prices at the yards. January pork closed
20'322%c lower. January lard was off 17%c
and January ribs were down 12%@15c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah
and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
Mornine Session.
COO Mon Ton. ..1 12% I 20O Ton A Cal.. 20
700 Mon Ton...l 10 I ICO Ton N Star. 36-
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 15 .".in) Potosl 10
2CO Chollar 11 20O Seg Belcher.. C«
IOO Con Cal & Va 90 200 Sierra Nev... 27
30O Exchequer ... 11 100 Silver Hill ... 53
20O Gould & Cur. 2U
2OO Andes 13, 200 Mexican 62
1 no Caledonia ... 91 1 2t'O Ocidental .... S.'.
50O Chollar HI 20O Potosl W>
3<"iO Con NY f«| 2tn> Savage 14
2CO Hale & Norc. 50i lnO Yel Jacket. ... 32
10O Chal Con 1«| 10O* Ophtr ISO
ICO Con Cal & Va. 00; ICO Savage 1*
500 Exchequer ... Ill
'PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales en the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morninc Session.
Afternoon Session
Morning Session.
300 Mexican 62/
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange hoard yesterday:
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...fl 10'i $1 10»4 $1 10% $1 10H,
May 1.07^, ,¦ 1 07% 107. 107%
2 p".' m.' Session. •
May— $1 07%. '
December— ?1 10%.
OATS — The Government has advertised for
bids for 4320 tons . for Manila, and the market
Is rather steadier in consequence, though Ore
gon and Washington are also included in the
call for proposals. Otherwise there is nothing
new to report. Offerings are ample for current
needs.
Whlt». $1 20@l 30; Black. $1 40@l 60; Red.
$1 10-T1 22% for feed and $1 25@1 33 for seed;
Gray, nominal; none here.
CORN — The market continues weak and
slowly declining and large yellow Is a fraction
low^r. The other grades remain unchanged.
Western sacked. $1 27%«1 30 for Yellow.
«1 30 for White and $1 25® 1 27% for mixed;
California large yellow. $1 22%#1 32%; small
round do, $1 40®l 60; White. $1 25@1 30 per
ctl.
RYE— $1 25©1 SO per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— *2 25©2 50 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 32% ?1 32% $1 31% $1 .;• .,
December ... 1 34 V* I 84 Vi 1 34 1 Si
BARLEY — Prices for both futures and cash
grain rein/iined about as before, with both
markets quiet.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 10@l 13%; Shipping and Brew
ing, (1 17%fjl 22%; Chevalier. $1 20@l 45 for
farr to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 34% $1 34% $1 34% $1 ;!*¦*
May 1 32% 1 32% 1 32% 1 32%
2 p. m. Session.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
FUTURES
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California Whlto
Australian, $1 50^1 55; Northern Club, $1 40&
1 42%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@l 55; Oregon
Valley, (1 40@l 45 per ctl
CASH WHEAT
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
about the same. The world's shipments for the
week were as follows, in quarters: Russian,
•454,000: Danubian, 6S.0O0; Argentine, 17,000;
Indian, 64,000. The American visible supply
increased 1.518,000 bushels.
Chicago was slifihtly lower on the day, with
the trade getting bearish. Millers at Ohio River
points were reported paying 'JOc per bushel.
In this market futures \v?re slightly weaker,
but carh grain was unchanged.
Wheat and Other Grains.
FOR MONDAY, NOVEMBER 23.
Flour, qr i"ks .. 28,476 Feed, sks 1.5C0
Wheat, ctls 5,1}') Tallow, ctls 2V.i
Barley, ctls l.TOfl' Pelts, No 3.747
Corn, ctls 1.100 Hides, No. 91<*
Bearm, sks <>7t> Raisins, bxs ... 2.1V.
Potatoes, r,ks ... 7, «*o; Quicksilver, flks 11*
Ontons, sks .... 1.330; Leather, rolls •. . 82
Bran, sks ¦ 1,027! Wine, gals 21,750
Middlings, sks . S45jPowder, ear ... 1
Hay, tons 322' Brandy, gals ... 750
Straw, tona ..."". M[ Chicory, bftls .. 2"»
Hops, bales .... 72! Paper, reams . . 55
Shorts, sks 2ti3'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 7, 70S] Potatoes, sks .. I.Cilt
Barley, ctls l.S60|Bran. sks 4.r*M)
Oats, ctls 1.510|Shorts, sks ...» 1.S75
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr eks . . 4,072/
EASTERN.
Flour, qf sks .. 1.600/
Receipts of Produce.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranges. £2tt
3 50 per box; Navels. $2ft3 25; Seedlings. $1 75
©2: Lemons $1@2 50 per box; Grape Fruit,
$1 50R2 50; 'Mexican Limes, $4(83; Bananas,
$1 25© 1 75 per bunch for Hawaiian and *2 50
©3 for Central American; Pineapples, $2 50®
3 50 per dozen.
RASPBERRIES— $0 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $11011 SO; Jer
eeys. $10t@10 75 per bbl; Cooe Bay. $2 6003
per box. .
APPLES — Fancy Spitzenbergs. $2 25 per box
for Oregon and : $1 60®l 75 for California;
other varieties, $1@1 25 for fancy. 75®85c for
choice and 25@50c for common; Christmas Ap
ples. $1 DOS 2 50.
PEARS — ?1 25S1 50 per box for fancy Win
ter Nellls and 5O/g>75c for other varieties.
QUINCES — 50<57.->c per box.
POMEGRANATES — 75<385c for small boxes
and $1 60«J2 50 for large. .
PERSIMMONS — C0©90c per box.
GRAPES — 40@C0c for email boxes and C5@
90c for crates.
The fruit market was quite active en local
account as dealers seemed to be stocking up
for the holiday trade. Apples had the most
call and prices of good stock were well main
tained. Tteceipts from all sections were
heavy and It was estimated that those since
Saturday aggregated 12.0WO boxes. Grapes ar
rived freely from the south and met with a
good demand at steady prices. Receipts of
large boxes from Martinez were very light,
only 11 boxes being received, and they sold
at $1 50 per box. Quinces were well cleaned
up and firm at the recently advanced quota
tions. Other tree fruita were In ample sup
ply and prices stood as previously quoted. Re
ceipts of Berries consisted of one chest each
of Raspberrie-s and Longworth Strawberries,
and prices were largely nominal. Cranberries
were in good request and firm at ¦ unchanged
ratos.
There was very little doing In Citrus fruits.
Three cars of new Navels and a car of Grape
Fruit were received. Tropical fruits were un
changed. Three cars , of Central American
Bananas were received, but were too green to
be sold.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $llt?12 P«r
chest- large berries, per chest.
RASPBKKRIKS— SSQ10 per chest.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
. - . j .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days $4 80%
Sterling Exchange, sight ; — 4 §4.%
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight ...... — pat
New York Exchange, ; telegraphic. — • ' (Xi%
Silver, per. ounce — SSli
Mexican Dollars — 4554
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The followlnr ehows the shipments of Wine
from San Francisco by fa. during the month of
Octcber:
Wine Exports in October.
"The association announced the following car
load prices for this month: Extracted, white.
i%c per lb; light amber, 5^ic; comb, fancy
white. 13» a c: No. 1 white. 12c; No. 2 whlt-%
10c; iig-ht amber. 10c For smaller lots the
I rice is %c more en extracted. Late estimates
pat the crop or honey in the southern part of
the Plate at 100 carloads, which exceeds earlier
estimates. "
The Lyon County Beekepers* Association of
Nevada, which controls the- outjmt of the Ma
fon Valley district, announces that the yield
amounts to between 80.000 and 90,000 pounds
th4* season. Prices range from lie to 12c for
comb and frsm 5c to He for extracted etock.
The association has three cars of nm quality
Icr the market.
The circuler of the California Natior.nl Honey
Producers' Association says: 'Xastern mar
kets are pretty well stocked by the Eastern p.oj
vict. delayir-g tlie demand for California honey.
The onccmSng of cold weather will soon create
a greater demand for our honey. Colorado bee
ki*£per* are holding for prices on honey fully
c-qual to ours. The Arizona Honey Exchange
r*pcrt* five cr ttix carloads on band. It is bold-
Ing lor better prices.
Honey Quotations and Output.
which lost 7 points on the day. Circumstantial
rrports were In circulation of the necessities
of the company' for additional capital, which,
it was alleged, would be met by a bond Issue,
as well as by reducing the dividend on the
referred ctock. A more cheerful tone on the
I^r.dcn market wgg a help to the local mar
ket.
The bond market was more active but ir
reralar. Total sales, par value. $2,529,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
ln*l tall.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 17.100 C3&t, 64% C3H
Atchison pfi 1.3C0 S9\ S9H 81Hi
Baltimore i Ohio.. 7,700 76 75 75*i
Bait & Ohio pfd 87
Canadian Pacific... 700 119*4 liS% HUVs
Cen of New Jmwv 103
Chesapeake & Ohio. 500 30*4 29% 3OV4
Chicag-i & Alton... 1,200 31 30^ 3OV4
Chi & Alton pfd 66
Chi Great Western. 1.100 15 r i 15H 15*i
Chi Or W B pfd.... 200 27 V4 26^ 27%
Chicago & N W 163
Chi Term & Trans 8%
Chicago T A- T pfd. 200 lSVi 1SH 18%
C. C. C & St Louis. 71
Cclora.ir Southern.. 100 13 13 12*4
Colo South 1st pfd 62
Colo Sauth 2d pfd.. 100 21*i 21% 21Vi
Delaware & Hudson 100 155 155 154
L>ei. Lack * West 235
Denver & Rio G... 300 20 19H 21
Den & Rio G pfd 67
Erie 6.71X) 27'-i 2«»4 27Vi
Erie 1st pfd 6.300 C6* t «WV t W%
Erie 2-i pfd 300 48% 48% 4SVl
Onat Northern pfd 100
Hocking Valley.... 300 73ii 72U 73>>4
Hcckir.g % al pfd 82»,
Illinois Central 1,100 129 12S>4 128%
Iowa. Central 100 20% 2O=>4 20^i
Iowa Central pfd 36
K C Southern 19.
K C fcouthvrn pfd 33
IxmlB & Nash 15.400 103*>g 101% 103
Manhattan L 4,8fiO 18»% 13^t 4 1S»W
I Metropolltar. St Ry« 5.0C0 11C«m 114 11014
I Minn <Sc ?i Lculs 58
Missouri Taclflc 4.100 90% b\>\i i»0»s
Mo, Kan & Tex ... 300 m» 17 17»Hi
M. K .fc T pfd COO :j(5% 36 3«4
I Ntl KR Mex pfd... 2(«> :{7> 2 :*7 3«H
New York Central. .V*» 117Va 11*>~^ 117
Norfolk & Western. 100 55% 65% 5-'»%
Nor & West rfd 84
Ontario ft Western. 1.1C0 20% 20V 4 20%
Pennsjlvania 38.600 114% 113% 114%
P. O. C & £t Loulii .... 58
Reading 6,400 41»* 40 41
Reading 1st pfd 100 75% 75',4 73l{
IteaUtns 2>1 prd 57%
Rock Irlanrf Co.*... 2,100 24** 2S% 24U
llwi Island Co pfd 300 50% 59% 69%"
stL & t*F m pfd. ...-..' .-...-¦ .::. co
SlL A SF 2d pfd 44
St Lou!* S W.... 100 13% 13% 13
St Louis S W pfd 3Hi
St Paul 13,700 188% 137% 13S%
St Haul pfd 700 173 172 172
Fouthfrn Pacific... 74.2(K> 4«H 44% 4tfl4
Southern Railway.. 3.400 18% IS 1S%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,600 75% 74VJ 75^i
Texas A Pacific... 200 23% 23 V» 23H
T. St L & W U>0 21% 21% 21
T. f-t L & W rfd.. 100 32% 32% 32H
Union Tacific 71,80i> 73U 72 73%
i'nion Pacific pfd 83
Waba«h 200 1»% 19"ri 1«%
Wabash pfd 1.900 35U 34 33%
Wheeling ALE 14%
Wisconsin Central.. 400 17 16% 16*,
Wtdconsln Cent pfd 400 37% 37 37Vi
Express Companiej" —
Adams .... 220.
American .... 100
United States 1<*>
Wells Farjro 200
MlFcellaneous—
Amal Copper 15.500 SaU, 38% *S%
Amer Car & F 000 19% 10 19%
Amer C & F pfd W
Amer Lin Oil 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd 25
Amer Loco 100 13% 13>,4 1»>4
Amer Loco pfd... 100 79 79 77
Amer Smelt & Ref. 3.400 44% 43% ' 44%
Amer S A Ref pfd 8G%
Amer Sugar Ref .. 800 117% 117 117%
Anaconda Min Co f!2
Brooklyn Rap Tran 1.700 3fl% SS% OT%
Colo Fuel fk Iron.. 700 28% 27% 28%
Columbus & H Coal 10%
Consolidated Gas.. 700 17» 178*4 1"S%
I Gen Electric 400 155 153% 154%.
j Int»>r Paper 11
Int«»r Paper pfd .. .'. Ki
Inter Pump ...... ..... .... .... 30
Inter Pump r»M . . • 68
National Biscuit .. 500 3R1J 35^4 3fi^
National Lead 1.200 14 13 U HVi
North American.... 100 71% 71% 71^-
I Nor Securities 87 v 4
Pacific Mall &<O 2.V% 25% 25%
People's Qaa flOO. P4% IV! v* 04%
Pressed Ste*I Car.. 2.1OO 27% 25% 26%
Pressed Ste-el C pfd 200 67% 67% 67%
Pullman Pal Car .'. 210
Republic Steel 2,800 6'£ 5^ 6
Republic Steel pfd. 27,(»00 47 4t'H 40
Rubber Goods .... 2fO 14% 14% 14H
Rubber Goods pfd.. 2O0 70 70 «9V4 !
T»>r.n Coal & Iron. 1,300 2«U 27% 2«%
V fi Leather 1,600 7V4 6T4 7
U S leather pfd... 300 77 V* 77 77
U S Rubber 200 » 9 9 "
tT S Rubber pfd... / 86%
D R Steel 20,200 11% 10% 11%
U P Kteel pfd 85. OOO r.1% 50% 62
Western Union ... 300 84% 84% 8t
Total Fhares sold. 453.400
UINTED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23. — Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco: 21.000 at
?76 M>; 60,000 at $76 25; 6000 ft $76 12J%: 5000
at $76.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg...lO6Vi Hocking Val 4%s.lO5%
Do coupon 106*4 L & N unl 4s.... 98
Do 3*. re* 107% Mnhtn en gold 4s. 102%
Do coupon 107% Mexican Cent 4s.. 71%
Do new 4s, reg. 134^4 Do 1st Inc.... 14%
Do coupon. 134V 4 Minn & St L 4».\ 07
Do old U. reg..H2% M. K & T 4».... 98
Do coupon 110% Do 2ds 95%
Do Cs. reg 101 \i Ntl RR Mex con4s l>5
Do coupon..: ...101*4 N Y Cen gcn'3%8 99%
Atchieon gen 4s.. »9% >* J Cen gen 5s.. 129%
Do adj 4s 87 Northern Pac 4s.. 102%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 93% Do 3s 70%
Bait £• Ohio 4s..lOC% N & XV con 4s 97
Do»%b 04% O S L 4s and part 91%
Central of Ga 5s.. 104 Pcnn conv 3%*.. 05 Vi
Do 1st Ine 65 Reading gen 4s.. 97
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01 StL & IM con Ss.110%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73% StL & SF fg 4s.. R2%
C. B & Q new 4s. 0.1 Jjj, St L SW lets t»2
C, M&St Pgen4s.lOB Seaboard A L 4s. 72
C & N W con 7b.13O*4 Southern Pac 4s.. 88%
C. R I & P RR 4s 71% Southern Ry Ss...ll2%
Do col Cs 74% Tex & Pac lsts.,117%
C.C.C & SLgen 4s 97 T. Ft L & W 4s. 70
Chicago Term 4s. 75 Union Pac 4s.... 102%
Con Tobacco 4s... 55*4 Do conv 4s..... 94U
Colo & South 4s.. 84% U S 8teel 2d 5s.. 60%
C F & I con 5s.. «5% Waba*h lsts....:.113%
I>en & Rio G 4s. 97 I Do deb II...... 57
Erie prior lien 4s. 98 Wheel & L E 4s. 86
Do gen 4s 8* Wisconsin Cen 4«. 89
Ft W & DC lsts.lCCHl
NEW YORK MINING STOCK8.
Adams Con lO^Ontario 6 00
AMce l.TOphlr 1 20
Rreece 10. Phoenix «2
Comstock Tunnel.. 05'Potosl 19
Con Cal &. Via 90Savage 21
Horn Silver 1 OOSierra Nevada 34
Iron Silver 1 SOPmall Hopes 13
Leadville Con 02;standard 2 00
Little Chief 061 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDa
Money — Do pfd 52
Call loans ..CIS 6 West' house Com.. 06
Time loans 5Q6 Mining-
Bonds — Adventure 3%
Atchtscn 4s 99*>4 Allouez 4
Mexican Cen 4s... 09% Amalgamated .... 39
Railroads — Bingham 21
Atchlpon , 65% Calumet & Hecla.435%
Do pfd C4% Centennial 14%
Boston & Albany. 248 Copper Range.. ..82%
Boston & Maine. .170 Dominion Coal.... 72W
Boston Elevated. .140 Franklin 7%
N V. N II & H..193 Isle Royale 5>
Fltchburs pfd 138 Mohawk ».... 30 1
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
27,200 barrels; exports, 7700 barrels; gale*.
12.GC0 packages.
WHEAT— Receipts. 105,300 bushels; export?.
72.W0 bushels: spot, easy; No. 2 red. S7%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 87 T »c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, OOVic f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened a shade higher for May here on
foreign buying, but soon eased off with the
Western markets on larger Northwestern re
ceipts. After a midday rally on better cash
trade they df cl!m>d again under b?ar attacks
and cloeed easy at HS'ic net. lower. Sales
included: No. 2 red. Kk 15- 16® S3 Vie, cloeod
W&c; July, 7'.tH<§~7!> : )ic, closed 7tt l ,sc; Decem
ber, S7 1 ,-ic. closed 87V«e. -.i'll,
HOPS— Steady; Pacific Coast, 1003. 25fi2Sc.
HIDES— .Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady. _ ¦ ~., n ,,
COFFEE— Spot, quiot; Cordova, i^QVZVtC.
Futures closed steady at unchati2*et prices
to an advance of 5 points; sales. 31.740 bagj,
including December, 5.45c;. January, 5...J®
5.00c; March. 5.65c; May, CQ6.05C; July, 6.15c;
September, <J.2o<2tt-30c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining. 3V4c;
centrifugal. t»G test. 3Hc; molasses sugar. 3c;
refined, steady; No. «, 4.15c; No. < 4 10c; No.
8 4.C5c; No. », 4c; No. 10. 3.95c; No. 11. 3.00c;
No. 12. 3.85c; No. 13, 3.80c; No. 14 3.75c; con
fectioners' A. 4.40c; mold A 4.80c :_ cut loaf.
5.15c; crushed. 3.15c; powdered, 4.boc; granu
lated. 4.55c; cubes. 4.80c.
DRIED FRUITS. |
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues easy, with common quoted at 4goc;
prime, 5«i©5*ic; choice. 6@U%c; fancy, 7c.
PRUNEri — Show some Improvement and the
tone is rather steadier; prices stiil range from
2 V»c to «".c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Steady at full late prices.
Choice are quoted at &V4@»^c; extra choice.
lO^lOVic; fancy. 11615c.
PEACHES — Remain quiet; cnolce are quoted
at 7Vi«n*ic; extra choice, 7*iSS',4c; fancy,
Eutter is weak, as stocks are liberal and
Mirln County products are pressing the mar
ket. Tlie tendency- 'Is toward lower prices,
but the decline thus far is slight and not gen
eral., some dealers still quoting last week's
pricf-8, while others nave lopped lc off their
quotations. - • -' •
Supplies of Cheese continue too large for the
market to absorb and the feeling continues
depressed.
There is not much change In Eggs. Ranch
are still scarce and there are occasional small
salts over the top quotation.- Stocks of East
ern are still chiefly in the hands of cne house,
as mentioned at the close- of the week.' • •
Receipts were 2S,f)C0 lbs Butter, 5CG cases
Eggs and 1000 lbs Cheese.
. BUTTER — Creamery. 31^32c for extras
and 2C@2!!c for seconds; dairy, 21@25c; ttm
Butter, .17J»<8i:>c; cold storage. 24® 20c; East
ern. 23'®25q per lb.
CHEESE — 12©12*4c:for tho general market.
13c for select mild .new and ll@H'^c for
lower grades: Young America*? 134714c; East
ern 15ts<f»ltiVic; western 14©15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 02%©55c for choice and 45©
50c for small and -mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage, 28©32V4c; Eastern, 20(&2so
for cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Nov. 2.J.— Wheat— Steady; Un
changed. ¦ Bluestem. 70c; Club, 75c. | J
OREGON. • -
PORTLAND. Nov. 2:'..— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. 73c; Bluesteai. 78c; Valley. 77©7Sc. > '
Nor them Wheat A far kef.
SEATTLE, Nov.. 23.— Clearings, $025,032;
balances. $153,712. ' . .. .
TACOMA. Nov. 23.— Clearings, $381,773;
balances. ?*7.«4S. .
PORTLAND, Nov. 2.1.— Clearings, SSSCCCf!;
balances, $]?S.447.
SPOKANE, Nov. 23.— Clearing, $121,404;
balances, $:S7,700.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23. — The cotton market
closed quift and etertdy, net 1 to 5 points
higher. -
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Kem » 5 °°
Kern River * 10 CO 13 00
Lion « 04
Monarch (of Arizona) 47 -W
Monte Cristo W> £•-*
Occidental of W Va 1* Z"
Oil City Petroleum 27 28
Peerless 13 5O 14 «>
Pitwburg -•¦'
Reed Crude (old issue) - *J
S F and McKittrlck 2 7.. .....
San Jcaquia O & D * ™ ••;•
Senator <,'•» * a
Sovereign •» •••;
Sterling •; • ¦•
Superior j <£» ....
Thirty-Three » <*> S *£
Toltec 2t> 2A
Twenty-Eight * <¦<>
West Shore 2 9<> ....
.Associated Bonds «> t0
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 40 1 oj»
Alameda Sugar 2S CO
American Biscuit M w
American District Tel ••••
Cal Gas & Eleo Corp - .
Cal Cotton Mills S3 CO ....
Cal Jockey Club ¦• 10^ SS
Cal ShlcDinsr Co 27 i»»
Cal Title ° ina and Trust 130 0O 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland 60 Oo ....
Chutes Company S M>
Cypress Lawn Impt Co « art — .
Fischer's Theater 2 00
Gas Consumers' Assn -— -f'
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 1« M»
Northern Cal Power » W>
North Shore Railroad ,1'ii
Orpheum Company . 18 —>
Pacific States Tel & Tel ¦ ll.» 0»»
Paraffine Paint 33 0<> ....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 Oi» ..^
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 »» 3 CO
Sausallt" Land and Ferry... 1« »>0 ••-
Spern* Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 15 2£
Tesla Coal Co 32 «>0
Truckee Electric 13 25 ....
T»nion Sugar 23 50 ....
"United Gas and Electric 34 50 . ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
1C00 Superior •
500 Superior (s 30) v*
1000 Indepeniience .'.... ,j,";lo
ICO Monarch • 4J»
Afternooh Session.
50 Fulton * 50
5 Hanford (» 00) 137 <*>
100 Caribou lw
Mining Stocks.
ST. LOUIS, Not- 23.— Wool, nominal: me
dium grade?, combing and clothing. 17ig'21i4c;
light fine, tfiftlTKc; heavy fine, ll'fllic; tub
washed, 20<52.5c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
SHELLACS AND WOOD ALCOHOL —
Prices, are higher, as follows. In canes, per
gallon: Pure White Shellac. $3 2O9J5 50: pure
Orange. $5(g5 30; Columbian . White. $4 C5©
4 35; Columbian Orang* $¦', R5#4 15; WchxI
Alcohol, white. $1 45®3 75; Wood Alcohol,
orange. $3 3o<53 65.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follow*, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5. We:
Powdered. 5.7&C; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fin*. JV.BOc; Dry Granulated, coar*e;
5.GOe; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated flOO-lb bags only)", ft. 40c; Confectioners'
A. 5.60c:' Magnolia A. 6.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 5c; "D." 4.00c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; BO-lb
bag*. 10c more for. all kindj. Tablets — Half
barrel*. C.IOc: boxes 0.55c: II. & E. Crystal
Domlncs. 8.5Cc per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels cr its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6U«
7c per lb; White Lead. 6Vs©7o, according to
quantity.
OIL — Linseed. 40c for boiled ar.d 47c for
raw in barrels; cases 5c more; Castor Oil. In
rases. No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10^1 12:
Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw In bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels.
S5c; cases. 00c; China Nut. 55©70c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot. In barrels. 75c; cases.
6Cc; Sperm.' pure, 75c; Whale Oil, natural
white. 50<S55c per gallon: Fl*h Oil. In barrels.
50c; cases. 55c; Cocoanut Oil. !n barrels. 53o
for Ceylon and 65c for Australian.
COAL OIL— .Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15»4c: rear! Oil In cases. 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star. 22c; Extra Star. 20c: Elaine. 2Sc; Eocene.
25c; deodorized Siove Caroline. In bulk. 17c;
In cases. 23'^c; Benzine. In bulk, 13c; in cases.
19*^c; PC-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 21c; in
cases. 27*4c . ... .; .
TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon In cases and
74c m drums and iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5®5%c; ?an Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32©35c; Fleece Twine. 7 1 *
SSc; Cotton Fruit Bags. «%c. 6%c and 7&e for
the three grades; Brown Jute, »Mi37Vac,
COAL — Wellington, $S per. ton; New Wel
lington. $9: Seattle. $0 60; Bryant, $« 50; Bea
ver Hill, $5 50; Standard, $7; Roslyn. $7; C004
Bay, $5 60; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich,
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk ana
{14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannt-1, $8 60 per ton; Coke. $11 iO-j
13 tier ton in bulk and $15 in racks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
|12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
General Merchandise.
Local Securities show little animation.
Wall-street Stocks {inner on the day.
Local financial quotations shoiv little change.
Wheat continues quiet and featureless. Barley steady.-
Government advertising for bids on Oats and Hay:
I : cedstuits steady, "with sufficient stocks for current needs.
Bi-cn handlers trying to arrange official standards.
Corn, dull and still tending doivv.ivard: Rye very quiet.
Butter depressed, zvith prices beginning to fall.
Cheese still in excessive supply and zi-cak.
Eggs firm and unclianged, ziith light stocks.
Provisions declining under larger receipts of Hogs.
Cattle, Sheep cnid Hogs as before quoted.
Shellacs and IVocd Alcohol advanced. *
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in good demand and firm.
Receipts of good Turkeys light and prices high.
Game in bad condition, ozring to the moist weather.
Good Thanksgiving demand for fresh Fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, November 21. as compiled by
th» New York Produce Exchange, was:
Wheat. 2!>,472,0CO bushels; Increase, 1,546.000
bushels. Corn. 0.11C.0CO busbeis; decrease, 1.-
KU.C00 bu.«hels. Oats. fl.StKs.eOO bushels; de
crease, 4S4.0«K> bushels. Rye, 1.338.0C0 bushels;
Increase. 202.000 bushels. Barley, 5,«55,CO0
bushel»; increase, -J24.CC0 bushela. .
Visible Grain Siipply.
Union Pacific 73 Old Dominion S«4
Mexican Central.. 8% Osceola 57^
Miscellaneous — Parrot 17^i
Amer Sugar 117H Quincy 80
Do pfd 120 Santa Fe Copper. 1 Vt
Amer Tel & Tel..l25W. Tamarack 85
Dominion I & S.. 9^ Trinity' 5
General Electric 102 United States. ..-. IS
Mass Electric 17 Utah "• 27^
Do pfd 70 Victoria '. .... 2Vi
United Fruit 95%(WInona 7%
U S Steel 11%/ Wolverine CO
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. S3 13-10N Y Central. .... .121
Con for account.. 8$%|Nor & West 57%
Anaconda 3ft Do pfd 89
Atchison 67 Ontario & West.. 21 V»
Do pfd 1)274 Pennsylvania .... 5S%
Bait & Ohio 77%lRand Mines .. 9%
Canadian Pacific. 122?i|Reading .'. 20;fc
Ches & Ohio 31 Do 1st pfd 39
Chi Great West.. 15»il Do 2d pfd 23»4
C. M & St P 142*i!Southern Ry 18%
DeBeers 1*0141 Do pfd 78
Denver & Rio G.. 20",; Southern Paclflc. 4«ni
Do pfd &*% Union Paclflc 74>4
Erie 27-ii,l Do pfd 8!>
Do 1st pfd as% U S Steel 11 V*.
Do 2d pfd 50V. Do pfd 52^4
Illinois Central... i:):i% Wabash 19%
Louis & Nash 105 Do pfd 35Ms
Mis. Kan & Tex. 17^'
Bar Kilver, quiet. 20%d per ounce. Money,
3@3Vi per ceiit. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 4^4 l-lt>«per cent
ami fcr three months 1 bills, is 3 15-1U@4 per
cent.
Turkeys were the leading feature of the
Poultry market, receipts of all other descrip
tions being light, with prices largely nominal.
Twenty-four tons of dressed Turkeys came in.
and fine large birds, which were scarce, sold
off well and occasional sales were rer>orted at
lc over the top quotation. The receipts con
sisted chiefly of small and thin stock and
ferae very poor and scrubby lots were sold
below the quoted rates. Most dealers are firm
in their views and expect a scarcity of large
fat stock for the Thanksgiving trade. Receipts,
of Oregon stock will undoubtedly be light, aa
supplies In that State are belns shipped to
Seattle and other Puget Sound ports.
Game arrived freely and the bulk of- the re
ceipts came to hand in bad condition, being
more or less tainted, owing to the close
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 22@23c per lb:
live Turkeys, Ip322c per lb; Geese, per pair.
M 76$2; Goslings. *2®2 2.": Ducks. $4 JOw
C 50 per dozen for old and $•> 50#6 «>0 for
younjr: Hen?. f5??ts for small and $6 5007 50
for large; young Roosters. $C@G 50; old
Uoostrrs <5W. r > B0; Fryers. $."w«5 50: -Broiler*.
$4@4 50 for large and $3 50@4 for small;
Pigeons, #15*1 2t"i i»»r dczen for old and i'-ii
2 2?V for Sa'iabe.
GAME— Mallard Duck?. $2.6083 per dozen;
Canvasback, $3®5; Sprig. %1: Teal. $1 50;
Widgeon;' $1 CO: small £>uck!>, $1 25; Gray
Geese. S3; White Geese. ?lffl 50; Brant.
?1 2f, for small and ?2 for large: Honkers. «5
for large and S'i 50 for small: English Snipe.
$2 00; common Snire. $1 50; Wl!d Dove*. $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 7502 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
Brush; Hare. ?1 25.
Poultry and Game.
The following quotations are for Rood, sound
Livestock delivered In San less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers SffOc: Cows and Heifers,
• SSc: thin Cows, 405c per pound.
CALVES — 13-t^c per pound (grosa weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3*4©4c; Ewss. ZhiGZfte
per pound igross weight).
LAMBS — IVi&Sc per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to ISO lbs, 6*.4e; over
ISO lbs, 5c; Sows. 20 per cent o£f; Bears, 50 per
cent off. and Stags 40 per cent oft Xrom above
quotations.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®S%c; Ewes. S©SHc
t>er lb.
LAMB— 8*40100* per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%®9e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Angeles; Garlic, 6@Sc per lb: Dried Okra, 12*4c
per lb; Green Peppers, 35g5Cc per box for Chile
and 50@75c for Bell; Egg Plant. 40®50c per
box: Marrowfat Squash, $10315 per ton; Hub
bard, f 15(520. •
£115 lCs and future* at £117 17s. Locally tin
was quiet and unchanged at $25 40S25 60.
Copper was lower In London by about 10s,
with spot at £54 15s and futures at £54 10s.
Localy copper was quiet. Lake is quoted at
$12 5O@13, electrolytic at $12 0Cgl2 87»s and
casting at $12 50(512 75.
Lead declined Is 3d in London to £11. Lo
yally It was quiet at $4 25.
Spelter was unchanged at £20 12s Cd in Lon
don and at $5 C2Vi in New York.
Iron closed at 4Ss Od In Glasgow and at 42s 9d
in Middlesiioro. Locally Iron was quiet. No. 1
foundry. Northern, Is quoted at $15{?1G. No. 2
foundry. Northern, at $14@15, No. 1 Northern,
foundry and No. 1 Southern, soft, at $13 50
©14.
THE SA1S FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JNUVEMBER 24, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Xov. -23. — The London tin mar
ket was about 2s <Jd lower, 'spot there closing at
New York Metal Market.
Meat Market.
Quotations for air descriptions stand aa be
fore. *' ¦ ' : : --''':\
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
are as follows: ¦
, .-: BEEF— «®7c for Steers; and 4H8Gc per lb
for'Cows. '' -¦ 5 . ' .
VEAL— Larg«.' T^SS^c; -email, 8H©9*4o
per :1b. ¦ V
DRESSED MEATS.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, • 3®5c per lb-
String Beans, 4!56c per lb; Wax, 40:9c-
Lima. Beans. 4g5c per lb; Tomatoes,- 40@ 750
per box, for bay and : $1 25 ¦ per crate for Los
Angeles: Summer Squash. -,$1{H 25 per box for
bay and 75c©$l for Los Angeles; Cabbage,- eOc
per "ctl; Carrots," 75c per sack; Cucumbers '. $1
@1 50 ' per ¦ box ; for bay and " 65075c for Los
The Potato market .was active and all. .de
scriptions ruled firm at the previously quoted
rates.- The Oregon steamer brought down 1070
sacks and choice .lots found quick sale at the
maximum quotation. Two cars of. Sweets were
marketed and cleaned up well at slightly
firmer rates. - Onions were in good request and
firm nt previous prices.
Los 'Angeles vegetables arrived freely and
met .with a steady: demand at , maintained
prices. Receipts of vegetables from other sec
tions were rather light and prices • of most
descriptions were maintained. , A large .portion
of the receipts of the bay Tomatoes came to
hand in poor condition, showing effects of the
rain and prices ranged lower. Occasional sales
of strictly fancy stock were reported in a small
way above the quotations. - . • ,
: POTATOES— Burbanka from the river • TOO
90c per ctl; 8allnas Burbanks, |i@i 45 per ctf-
Oregon Burbanks, S5c«J$l 15 per ctl; River
neds.:€0®7Go per, ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1259
1 30 per ctl. ¦ . ' .'•-" '
ONI0NS—*l 10@l 50 per ctl..
Potatoes, Onions and. Vegetables.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about < lV&c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers,' 9c: medium, 8c: light. 7%c; Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy and 7 He for light; Stairs, 5c;
Salted Kip, 0c: Salted Veal, 10c; Salted Calf,
10"A®llc; dry Hides, 15c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
CalflSc" Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each;
short Wool. ¦ 4O0«Oe\ each: medium, 70®iK)c;
lone Wool. .lld'SO each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for laree and $2@2 50 for medium, 11 23
til 75 for small and 60c for Colts; Hors«
Hides dry, $1 75 for large and $1 00 for me
dium ' $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colt*.
Buck' Skins— Drv Mexican, 32c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 32c. 3oat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 73c; large and smooth.
50c: medium, 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4*£c per lb; No.
2, 4c: grease. 2W@3e. c V
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs. 99
lie: Middle County. 11612c; Northern Free.
11012c Northern Defective. lOQllc: Humboldt
and Mendodno. 12@14c; Nevada. 13jZ15c; Ore
eon fine '• lS@19c; Oregon' medium, 17e per lb.
HOPS 19@22c per lb for California and 10©
22c for Oregon. :1iB9HN|M|
Hides, Wool, Tallozv and Hops.
which caused this rise was unmistakable. It
seemed to b* viewed with equanimity. Con
fidence is felt that any real need for money
draw further gold from London. Sat
urday's arrivals of sold amounted to $3,5'J1.
fi23 which will {therefore figure for the full
week's average lfi next Saturday** bank state
ment. The demand for money is regarded as
normal to the la«t week cf the month. For
these reasons the current firmness of the call
money market does not neeni to disturb senti
ment. Another factor of possIMe «li*turbnnco
was th« collapse In Republic Steel preferred.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— To-day** stock mar
k*t rtood up well In the face of a number of
-•¦ wr.ri circumstances and cloved quite firm
at the top lerel of the day and on the mo*t
active market of the day. Southern Pacific
Mfumfd the leadership of an early advance,
which tras rather decidedly checked by an
outpouring of United State* Steel preferred,
trhl^h carried that stock down to 50% and
awakened renewed apprehension of Its further
demoralizing effect on the whole stock mar
ket. The persistence with which assertions
have reappeared that the dividend on the
common stock is to be suspended and that
en Use preferred stock to be reduced has made
Its Impn sslon upon speculative sentiment
since the authorities in the corporation who
have beer. aj,j>eaied to for information go.no
further tr?n to say that the Question Is one
remaining lor the future to decide. The *=ug
rertlon which round Us way to the public
to-day that a reduction of the dividend on the
preferred wculd consort poorly with the cor
poration's privilege to issue $50,000,000 of sec
ond bonds to retire preferred stock, seemed to
have a more reasg-rir.* effect on the specula
tors and helped the preferred etock. which
closed with a net gain of a point. The stiff
ness of the cal! money market was another
deterrent factor toward the rise. Call loans
touched "H- While the demand for mon*y
A r £t£> Kt?rAr .SVocfc Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
A LOT OF LARGE CHEAP MULE3 AND
HORSES will be sold at auction, alonsr with
a large assortment of wagons, surreys, buggies
and harness at 1140 Folsom St.. Tuesday, No-
vember 24. 11 a. nx
WEDNESDAY,
AUCTION SALES
SALE EXTRAORDINARY
ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.
"WEDNESDAY. Nov. 25. at 11 a. n.
By order of Overland Freight and Transfer
Company I will sell 6 pairs of condemned
Horses acd Mares, weighing from 1200 to 1«> 0
lbs. This is a rare chance for farmers and
those wanting good work horses and brood
mares at their own price. Also I will sell 1
Phaeton. 1 Coal Wagon. 1 Farm Wagon. 10
Sets of Harness. Everything must be aa rep-
resented or money refunded. Horses can be
seen at cur stables any tima before sale.
I JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FBAJSfCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1903.
12
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
G^ollGli^o"K?r42TposrTt. ; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all klnda help. 31» Stockton; Main 6188.
.CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A REFINED young lady wishes position as
lady's tr.aid; thoroughly understands halr-
dresslng and manicuring work. Call at 143
St.x:kton St., room 13.
WOMAN would like situation by the day,
washing and house cleaning. 1316, Shotwell
st., between 2Cth and 27th.
A CAPABLE, clean housekeeper will take full
charge rooming-house for use of three good
living rooms. Oox 4743. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing,
irrnlng, house cleaning; $1 35 per day. MRS.
S1EEOLD, 206 Rltch. St. .
ELDERLY lady desires position to do upstairs
work; care of children; good reference. Box
B, Call branch office, 300 Hayes st. . '
SITUATION wanted by lady as manicurist In
. a shaving parlor. Box 4730. Call office.
AN American woman wishes to take charge
of a roominsr-house or keep ' house for wid-
ower; no objection to cook for hired men.
MRS. H. COOK. 124 Eleventh qt., city.
A YOUNG lady, educated, of good family,
wishing to have her expenses paid East,
will go as lady's companion, nurse or in
almost any capacity. Box 455S, Call.
A REFINED middle-aged lady wants a posi-
tion as housekeeper for. a small* family. Ap-
ply or address Mrs. V. P., 1050 Pacific st.
A YOUNG colored girl would like a situation
to do light housework and plain cooking.
Box 45?3. Call of flee. . *¦-
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan k Church sts.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GARDENER, understands flowers, vegetables,
small fruits, first-class horseman, wants
work on private place; reference. Box 4745,
. Call office.
ADVERTISER will give $25 to any one pro-
curing him position; age 34; height 5 ft. S In.:
strong and active; no objection to hard work
of any kind. Box 4748. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN of large business experience
lately from the East is open for active em-
ployment; is an expert accountant; executive
or manager. Box 4751, Call.
AS bartender by respectable single middle-aged
man; easy position; town or country; good
references. Bartender, 9S9 Howard st.
A YANKEE' 30 years of age would like inside
position in office or store for winter: Ad-
dress E. S., box 4746, Call office. ¦
YOUNG man wants to drive a delivery wagon.
Box 4510, Call office. |
BARBER— Situation wanted by a thorough,
first-class man; city only. Box 4741, Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 4594, Call office.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address New Atlantic Hotel, 207
Montgomery ave., room C9. '
FIRST-CLASS Installment houses — For your
domestic dry goods department, experienced
salesman in linens, curtains, blankets, etc, ;
excellent etock keeper; first-class references.
Bor 4757, Call office.
ENGINEER'S position wanted, city or coun-
try, by an experienced engineer and machin-
ist nolding a IT. S. - Inspector's license; ref-
erence. Address Engineer, 204 San Jose ave.,
city.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or- country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 4594. Call office.
ENERGETIC salesman of good appearance, 7
years' experience, is desirous of accepting po-
sition as traveling salesman with mercantile
house; good references. Box 4529, Call.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper or as assist-
ant by young man of 5 years' experience;
quick, accurate and good penman; can give
best of references. Box/ 4554, Call office.
EXPERIENCED and willing young man wants
position In wholesale house -as salesman or
. assistant bookkeeper ;. good references. Box
45.il. Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundry distributer desires
position in -city; (J years' experience, some
experience in marking room. Address -box
4552, Call office. ..
Al CLOTHING «nd gents' furnishing goods
salesman, capable of taking full charge of
either department; 20 years' experience;
country preferred. Box 4762. Call office.
POSITION by experienced salesman from the
East; desires to locate here; has handled
cutlery and grocers' specialties. Box 4517.
Call office. ¦ ¦ ,
BARKEEPER, well recommended, first-class
mixer. New York and San Francisco experi-
ence, wants position; city or country. Box
. 4557, Call.
A RELIABLE young man, 22 years of age,
would like position In electrical line; has had
considerable experience.. Box 4565, Call office.
WANTED— By a first-class mechanic, painting,
- paper hanging or tinting, by the day or con-
tract; all tools furnished. R. D. MAE-
KHALL. 429 Douglass st.
GOOD piano player, as bartender, with few-
hundred dollars, wishes a position In saloon
business in country town. Box 4513, Call.
YOUNG man, German, clerk and typewriter,
best references, wishes position. L. MZL,
box 4761. Call office. ____.
A TEMPERATE colored man • would like to
obtain a position as Janitor or porter; best
of references. Aadress box 4550, Call office.
AN "elderly man, reliable, good . references,
wants position as night watchman. JACOB
.BAKER, room 110, Winchester House.
EXPERIENCED gardener, * best j references^
wants steady position in city or near by. Box
4533. Call of flee. ¦
YOUNG man desires position ¦ with . reliable
house where he may advance; 3 years'. office
\ experience; best references. Box 4526, Call.
WILLING young man, 19, and fine penman," de-
sires . position In office or wholesale house.
Box 4520. Call, office; . ¦ ,", r .\ : .
A YOUNG man would like to work In an auto-
- mobile shop to learn the business. Box 4578.
v- Call office. ; :' - w: ¦:^::- r :;'¦¦-¦ : 7 :::.¦¦,{
STUDENT wants position in dental laboratory;
has ha.il 1 year's experience. . Eor; 4532.' Call. .•
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — By experienced retail grocery man,
a few hours' work daily; cigar stand pre-
ferred. Address box 4593. Call office.
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whltener wants
work; has all tools. 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jackson' 1321.
TO publishers— Practical printer and Journalist
wishes management of publication. B., ?63
Market st. ¦
YOUNG German (24), industrious, willing to
do anything, wishes position. Box 4564, Call.
YOUfCG Japanese boy wishes situation as
schoolboy or half day work. M. NONAKA,
: 807 Polk it. ,, '
JAPANESE wants permanent position to wash
steps and sweep sidewalk every morning;
Address JOE. 1006 Hyde St.
JAPANESE wants position to do housework in
hotel or lodging-house. Address CHARLES,
lOOG Hyde st.
AN Amerlcanlze'd Chinese boy wlshos position
in wholesale house or office; speaks and
writes English. ED. 1011 Pacific Bt.
CHINESE, good cook, wants place for family:
good references; city or country. 734 A Jack-
son bt., room 21; phone China 146.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts. '
FLATS TO LET.
- ¦ ¦ " ¦¦¦ • i ¦ -
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage 'of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 213-259 Geary
st.. on the square.
TWO beautiful modern fiats. Just completed;
all the very latest Improvements ;' northeast
corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth sts.; 6
rooms and bath each; every room sunny;
grand marine view; swell location; walking
distance from town; rent reasonable; open.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
ELLIS. 824 — Sunny, 5 rooms; Just finished;
electricity for light and power; $45.
HAYWARD, 2, -off Harrison, near Eighth —
Sunny upper flat. 4 rooms; rent $11.
TO LET — Sunny flat, C rooms and bath. 113
Leavenworth st.
WALLER. 1303%. near Masonic ave. — Modern
0-room. flat: rent $35.
3 LARGE rooms to let at 665 Hampshire st.;
$13; no children.
$7— LOWER flat. 726% Harrison st.. between
Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — FCItXISHED.
MISSION, 114S— Elegant front flat; 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping; piano if desired.
• FLATS FOR SALE— -FURNISHED.
NEATLY furnished 3-room flat for sale cheap.
H. J. HARRINGTON. 8 Falmouth st.
ELLIS, 421A — Newly furnished flat, 6 rooms
.and bath: reasonable.
FOR SALE^ — Departure sacrifice; 7-room flat,
nicely furnished. 900 Jones st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES lncorDOrated. financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Ajrent. 322 Emma Spreckeln bldg.
rACIAIi MASSAGE. _^
A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: SOc. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors.- 704 Larkin st. : phone Polk 17.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
SOMK rare old easy chairs and bedstead ; rose-
wood and mahogany. 2231 Mission st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
HIGHEST price for furniture and rodse. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer, ISIS Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2756.*
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
KAIK DRESSING.
YOUNG woman wishes few engagements for
shampooing, manicuring, scalp treatment.
Phone Capp 3573. _^^^__^__
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
HOUSEKEEPER for 2. in the city. $25; young
girl for of flee, $15 and ralae; waitress, pri-
vate boarding-house, city. $20; housekeeper
for one. in Fruitvale, $15; woman for kitchen
work, - city. $20; two salesladies, Oakland,
$»• a week; 2 girls for light housework, city,
$15; nursegirl. city, references, $20; elderly
woman for very light housework, $10. S.
F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, 17 Fourth st.
A — COLORED cook for two in family; must
go home nights; car fare paid; wages $25.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
in 2 weeks; $9 to those entering now; 3. po-
sitions to till Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for tall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket 6t.. cor. Jones, room 94; position* secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class: call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS:. NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32V4 FREMONT ST. AND 187J
"MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, r evenings or spare time aad return to
us; . no ;• mailing or canvassing, ... $9 we«kly
. earned; materials free; Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.
No. S 4. Ninth St., Phlledalphla. Pa. ' ; * ,
WOMEN to sew at home, $3 per week- ma-
terials ' sent everywhere: free steady work; !
; plain sewing only: send addressed envelope
for full particulars. S. 1 D.,-Du Pont, Phil-
adelphia, 'Pa. ".... • . • ;_ : ,
WANTED— A neat girl for upstairs work and
waiting Rt tabte; must have good references-
inquire after 11 o'clock. 2619 Buchanan st.,
corner Broadway. «£§«£i£56^&a59lS|ICttttii
WANTED— A good lady : baroer, German, or
.- good "sober young man. Address JOHN"
'MENSJNGER, Baker City. Or. . .
THB^CALL
JOHN D. SPEECZELS. Proprietor.
;-AMress CCEEHBicciiDiis in IOHS KcSAD&HT, Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Afk fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Wltb the Department You Wish.
Pur!!csUcn Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct*. Per We»k. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
OrCer) :
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year..$S.O«.
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.<«
DA II.Y C.K LL — By Single Month We
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2-*"
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Year 1;<W
ropviCM f Dally... $*. SO Per Year Extra
r>n£rArP i Sundae. 4.15 Per Y-ar Extra
J-USTAUE. i Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS
Eamp'.e Cedes will be fftrwarded when re-.
quested.
Mail subscribers In crdenrs chare" of »<J;
Crtrt fhculd be particular to give both NEW ;
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt ana correct cen-.pliance with their re- ,
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
111S Brosawsy Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street Telephone Nortn 77.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hot-!: A. Brentano SI ;
VrAon Scuare: Murray Hill Hotel; Fiftfc-ave-
cue Hotel end HofTman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: .
enermu House: P. O. News Co-- °"*f
Northern Hrttl: Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Pa!n:cr Hcuse. '
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marquette Build*.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2C13. ) ,
EUFINEFS OFFICE c? the Pan Francisco ,
Cell, cc-rner Market and Third streets; open j
until 12 o'clock *-v*ry nirht in the year. i
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery ftreet. corner Clay; open un- j
til 9:30 p. ra. „
£0t< Heyes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C55 Lsrkir. street; open until Jr.SO p. m.
1!»41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£?€1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open :
until 9 p. m.
ICC, Eleventh street: open until 9 P- n>-
li!»«5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrtheart corner Church and DuncAn streets: ;
epen until 9 p. m. . :
Northwest corner of Twer.tr - second ana :
Kentucky streets; open until 0 p. m.
??ro ri'.irrore street; r-t^-n until 0 P- m. I
g^~^"" '"^ "*"*""" ¦ i
MEETI\G NOTICES. !
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. .'». R. A. M.. « |
»i!l n-»*: THIS (TCE6DAY) ;
IX<i. November 24. at 7:n» o'clock. /V\ :
M M d'3To? JJy order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN if. DAY. Pocrctary.
GOLPEN GATE Lodg" No. 3D. F. anj •„>!
* If.— Called meeting THIS (TT'ES-VV
DAT) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third /V\
d-pno. Of frfcr of W. M.
EPWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lo'ijre X". 144. F. and A. JB
M.— Third .ir.-ree THIS (TUESDAY) >fNT
EVENING at JiSO o'clock. /V\
A. S. HUBBXUD. Secretary.
STARR KINO Lodge No. .".44, F. and o
A. M . :>17 Devisad.-ro f?t. — Second dc-W
i::ee THIS EVENIXO at 7:15 o'clock. />T\
By order of the \V. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
THE office's ar.<i, members -— -jBS i
of Golden Gate Camp m . ,31l '
si>e<rtfuny retiuesl»-d to fc^^-^Tyj^yfeH-' ' J
attend th.p funeral or our V3^jy*ss^™^B"~"' |
late Tuicfcbor. A. JOR- ' ;
OESSEX. TO-DAY (Tuesday). Nov. 24. from j
Golden Gate Undertaking Parlors. 2473 Mis- j
sicn Ft., at 1 p. m.
\VM. CARR. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O'DONXELL, Clerk.
-FI'FCIAL meeting of Paper Box Workers'
Union No J'Cl to be field TUESDAY at 2
p. xr , 102 O'Farrell Ft. Uy order of ;
STRIKE COMMITTEE.
THE California Debris Commission having re- '
celvcd application to mine by hydraulic pro-
i's=s from Omega Mining Co., In!
Omega Tlaccr Mine! r.ear Washington. Ne- j
vada County, Cal., draining into Scotch- j
i^otchmar.s Creek. which reaches Yuba !
Hiver; from W. II. Murchie, in Murchie j
Mine, r.ear Nevada City, Nex-ada County, I
Cal.. draining into Deer Creek, which !
reaches Yuba River; and from W. I. Wad- ;
leiph. !n Badger Mine and Liberty Hill
• Mine, near Dutch Flat. Nevada County, Cal.. j
draining into Stump Canyon, which reaches i
Bear River, gives notice that a meeting will j
be held at room 90. Flood building, San i
Francisco. C&l., Dec. 7, l«03. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
IF you would rather let porch climbers and '
burglars have your jewels than to pay $5 j
for an absolute detector, that is your busi- i
ness. Sole agency. 40O Rialto building.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company Parrott building.
' " -« I
ATTOUNEYS-AT-LAW. !
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAV/.
Advice- free. Phone South 743.
Suit 322. Emma Spreckels building.
I Ivcro.i- quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes ; damages secured for injuries to |
person or estate; replevins for property un- <
lawfully detained ; attachments and garnish- I
r..e::-.t for lfbts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy I
proceedings; wills probated ; estates settled;
collections made In all carts of the U. S.
———_—__ _ __
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. P.m. 85. lilts Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how Etna 11.
attended to: attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John C226. Open evenings by appointment.
We eollcit an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See roe and wve money ; no pay in advance. !
G. W. HOWK. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. ,
Established 52 ttt.; rm». 1, 2. 3, 4 &. 5, "st fl
1122 Market et., between Mason and Taylor. I
Advice fre>. all matters. Detecttvea employed, i
A A — THE Legal Advisory, Inc.: reliable attor- '
not; practice in all courts; attachments, dt-
vcrce, et tarts, bmkrvptey, probate. 511 l
C1IA. 511B Crossley b!«g.. N. E. cor. N*w i
?4or.tgomery and Mission tts.; tel. John 2026.
P.OBT. W. KIN'G. auy-at-law. Examiner bid-
room Cll ; all cas«-j«. damages, estates, wills,
sttachnvus. collections, etc., consultation
fit*; n< advance charges; call or write;
fvenlr.rv by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no !>»n !n advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. S13 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advlca
free; open eveningg. 027 Market tl.. r. 301.
DIVORCE costs $12; quick and quiet: open
evenings. Examiner building, room 313.
L- 6. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Et. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
lsw bu?ireg«. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
BIRDS, DOCS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
l.lnds cf eocj; and farcy birds: eoldflah, seed
cuee*. etc. Give us a trial; we will please
vou. 1W Market ttt.
PTSIXESS CHAXCES.
A -THE RELIABL|T"aGENTS "' ~ ~A
KP.KDO & CO. 7Ci MARKET ST.
ESTABLISHED J5 YEARS
liin, LIST AT OUR OFFICE
$S00 — Corner e&:oon; good location; $25 <Ially
$:tcoo— Saloon, elegamly lined; $-50 daily.
S.ViiO — Hotel and bar. with real property*. i
A— $ £0; n. BAKERY and dellcatc-ssen: $10 j
daily; rent $17; <i furn. rooms. Kredo & Co. I
$6200— ESTABLISHED bakery, near Ean Fran- i
c!fco; town W>00; controls trade of 4 tov/rs; I
rreopts $4<KX) monthly; large counter trade, i
XREDO *'CO,. 7«.'» Market st.
FOR SALE — A ¦»«•;; established harness bu*i- j
ners in the thriving city of CMco. For par- i
ticuiarn call on L. D. STONE A CO. 417 •
Market .Bt.. cr write to box 263. Chlco. |
AN o!d established whol-asale produce commis-
fJon business for Rale; owner •wishes to re-
tire. Price reasonable. Box 4507, Call office.
A~FAFE INVESTM1ENT7
- $1(VK) cash and services secures half Interei-t
In established Int-tallmer.: house; investment
secured anJ $r<0 weekly assured.
OKRMANU IN'VFKTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma EprecfccU building.
CIGAR Ftore; Hejrant !ocM:cr..' fjoi-.tirg ii-e
entrance of two i-aloocc: ttoJt si Invoice:
a. snap for tli* rtrht party. Apply at CHAS.
MATTHEAS & CO.'S. 1420 Market st.
$2000 — PARTNEIt for k Ef.lcon wanted: nv»rage '
receipts $:::>: profits $:;f«>: guaranteed; refer- j
ence*. Hox S-"G. Call off.rc, Oaklar.d. ;
IOCS LARKIN ct. — I>rT~rr.akinz racers; fine
location for any other ?>u»in-?>a: houscl;»ep- |
lip rocn:*, f'jrr.l-r".:.
sfen :»"r — V.rf '<¦>»*<• t-m! i»*tr*i. dr<*Ffim?K!nj i
fe*!cs«s; «.--eIiiCi #i.*ial:-U lia- 47Cj, <~z'J. ]
i BUSINESS CHANCES — Conllnned.
iT <T WILKe! Real Estate and Business
I Agent (established 14 years). 2CV6 Kearny
j st., rooms 9 and 10.
A flCOO COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
' the water front, close to Market Ft.; dally
receipts about fOo; business clearing J300 per
1 month; trial given; a splendid offer: Investi-
gate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 26 hi
. Kearny st.
A $3.".<H>; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond; rent $100: rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company: board bill guaranteed by
company: owner never clears less than $3<K)
per mor.tb. Call R. G. WILKE, 2<>!i
Kearny et.
I A— ?;Hx»; SALOON on water front, with S fur-
nishod rooms: 3 iron b*d«teads in each room;
2>^ years' lease; rent $:5f>; rooms alone pay
J7" ptr month and saloon doing a good busi-
ness. Fee R. O. WILKE. 2G>^ Kearny st.
I a— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; mast be s-)id at once on account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2«'4 Kearny st.
• A— $1POO; HALF Interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front: lease; dis-
agreement dt partners cause of sale; will
Fell whole for S34OO. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 '•a Koorny ct.
j A — $1250; CORKER saloon on Fourth Ft., close
to S. P. fr»:eht *heds; 8 furnished rooms
nnd kitchen; a coed raying business. See
; R. G. WILKE. 2GVi Kearny s^
I A— $S00; I>A1RY produce and delicatessen
etore; rent $22; business clears abovt $100
per menth: living rooms; value in sight.
Call U. G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny 6t.
A— $2000; SAIjOON on Kearny St.. about 2
blocks from Chronicle building; place estab-
lished years and dolns a good business; or
one »artner will sell his Interest for $1000;
d!s&fcTeeir.ent cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE. £6V4 Kearny Et.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery; close to
Phelan building; a good paying business,
but must be sacrificed on account of owner
being 6ick in hosnital. Particulars R. G.
. WILKE. 2GV, Kearny st.
A— $3250; LEADING saloon on Market and
Mason ets. ; net rent $150; lease with priv-
liege of 5 years more; value in Eight. Call
! R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny et.
! A— $C50- CIGAR stand on Montgomery St.; a
$700 ciKar stand on Ellis st: ; stock at In-
voice; a $200 cigar stand on Third st.: stock
at invoice- a $100 cigar stand on Eddy «...
•tcck at Invoice. Call R. G. WILKE. 20^
Keorny st.
A— J12T.0- COFFRK saloon on Geary St.; rent
$15. R. G. WILKE. 2GH Kearny St.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION !
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Francisco? If so, we can
offer vou any number requiring an Investment
from $l r! 0 to $50,000; rvery business oppor-
turitv that passes through our office must
Ftan.l the closest investigation, and we can
plac«? you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or, ir. fact, any businpss you may prefer;
kinJly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT -CO..
Suit 321. Emma Sprcckels building.
A WORKINGMAN with $400 wanted aa part-
ner in store business: must ho steady, will-
ing to work and satisfied with 575 to $S3
monthly. MARIN CO.. 205 Kearny st.
(S'.GHT manufacturing business; over half
profit; s-mail cai'ital reauir^d. 570 Bryant
St.. near Fourth.
A^ : MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.
Do you wl."v to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of deslmMe applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Sprockets building.
CHANCE of a lifetime If you have $4C0 to In-
vest; experience not necessary. 49 McAl-
lister St., room 4.
WHOLE or half Interest In saloon: best of lo-
cations; $2500; no agents. Box 4753, Call.
f.3500 — BOOK, stationery, music, toy, picture
and framing store; in best of Northern Cali-
fornia towns; good location; complete and
clean stock: established 5 years; sales last
December $14C0; owner must sell because
sick; this is a Rood and honest offer; best ref-
erences in S. F. Box 4507. Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED Jewelry store for sale,
near the city: account sickness; $6 a day in
work. Box 4521, Call office.
$175 — WORTH double: store with second-hand
furniture and other goods; good location.
P54 Howard st.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
i WANTED— A man with $500 for half interest
in good paying business; paying $300 month-
ly. Address box 4579. Call office.
; $10,000 WILL buy half interest Sole Agency
United States two Imported waters. Ad-
dress box 4577. Call office.
1 STOCK and fixtures for sale cheap; delicates-
sen store. Box 45C6, Call.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store; good busi-
ness, good location; 3- living rooms. Box
4560. Call office. • -
FOR Eale — Good paying paper and laundry
route in country town, near city. Address
News Agent. Mill Valley, Cal.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
j -'-- -'
' (MARION GRIFFIN.)
(BUSINESS)
(IS)
! (BOOMING.)
'Room 40«, Examiner Building.)
j Phone Black 3607. Take eievator to 4th floor.
I 40 rooms — $3000: furniture ?.nd buildins NEW.
21 rooms and RKSTALRANT— $1000; clears
85 rooms- $5000; rent $250; ELEGANT furni-
ture.
I Co rooms — NEW; will furnish to suit buyer.
19 rooms — $1250; APARTMENTS; rent $75;
clears $M>. .•
SO rooms — NKW; will furnish to suit buyer.
18 rooms — $!KiO: SE. CORNER; clears $C0.
43 room? — $3000; one-third down: rent $125:
income $30S; 5-year lease; NEW house:
• NEW furniture; price reduced from
$4100: rlrath the cause.
1G rooms— $700; rent $70; clears ?61; 7 blocks
UOrtfa: owner In HOSPITAL; must sell.
50 rooms — $1500 cash necessacy: NKW house;
FINE furnishings; 7-year lease; clears
$'{C0 month.
20 rooms — EXTRA fine; 20 select boarders;
comer; beautiful lawn; very fine; clears
$150 month.
80 rooms— High claps; BEAUTIFULLY fur-
nished- GUARANTEED to clear $d0.
I 200 rooms- APARTMENTS: clears $1000 per
i month: SPLENDID ur-to-date house.
¦ 12 rooms; (900; rent $40: clears ?40; north.
44 room? — ttSOO'i TRANSIENT: cleared $4.'i-S in
October; books opon to bona fide buyer.
' BEST bargain in a large, dependable roomlng-
j house; very centrally located; CO rooms and
oil large, light and airy: furnished splendidly
«md Sn most artistic taete; lease for
eight years at very low rent; house " •
Is clearing $300 per month, jjuaranteed; price
$C00O; electric elevator; hot and cold water;
modorn improvements; cause of sale, owner
compelled to be out of ?ity on business;
V will pell or exchange for real estate.
MARION GRIFFIN. 4fHi Examiner building.
VERY nice, respectable house; well furnished
and full of roomera; In best of down town
locations: will clear $70 a month: thorough-
ly safe and trustworthy proposition; the rent
in $05 and the price is $1450. MARION
GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
cTeThIXKLEY PHONE MINT 79C
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH.
SQUARE DEALINGS. CLEAIt TITLES.
EASY TERMS.
10 rooms; clears ?25: rent $20; a snap.. $200
14 rooms; clears 645: a Rood buy WK)
fiO rooms; transient; liquor license 2750
19 rooms; rent $50; housekeeping 550
42 rooms: apartment house: Post st....3000
21 rooms; rent $45; price only ". .. K0O
10 rooms: rents ¥22 50 200
100 rooms; offices and country transient. 75<K)
SPECULATION — 17 rooms; clears SCO; rent
$15; price $750; easy term?.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
MODERN — 18 rooms: electric lights; lease:
clears $80; transient; nicely furnished; easy
terms; nee this. C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 Mrkt.
LUXURIOUSLY furnished 50-room modern
apartment hou«e; choice location; long lease;
Bwellest house of the size In the city.
HINKLE*". 1020 Market st.
MONEY-MAKER — CM rooms; transient; liquor
license; clears $500; 2 entrances; oak and
maple furniture: a dft at $2750.
HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
PARTIALLY furnished 10 rooms, piano lnclud-
1 *¦(": rent only $2S; nmar.ingly low price, $225.
NEWLY furnished 14 rooms; rent 535: choice
I location; large yard; oak and mahogany fur-
niture: clears $50. C. E. IIINKLEY, 1020
Market st.. opp. Fifth.
! FOR sal" — 4 flats of 11 rocms; a!«o lodging-
house 20 rooms, all elegantly furnished; <»x-
t c^llfnt climate; thriving town Southern Call-
foYnia; is paying 25 per cent en price asked;
owj^er ratift have nior.cy to meet business ob-
ligation, hence the Facriflce. Particulars
from ALEX. MURDOCK. l(i Chronicle bldg..
* San Frnr.cfsco.
SEE
TETLOW A- DEACON.
•¦ Phone Folsom 2!l57.
1C2T Market St.. between 6th and 7th,
i For hotels, rooming-houses and business
chances: any part of the c^ity.
A— $3000; PRIVATE 'boarding-hotiEc. with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Von Ness av>.:
rooms always ooeupted and flrst-clasj natron-
! ng<? ' Sc<? "• C " . wn - KE ' - U1 .'j Kearny et.
i ELEGANT comer fiat, 8 rooms. Western Ad-
<1HI<T.n: • rent $.".5; cheap. KKXl; largo'llst of
I'cwct 0 lr» 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL,
£12 Kearny ct. i
5 ROOVS clears rent: north of Market Ft.;
1 r f ol '«i-n'*urc: «nali r>«yment down. Call
I i\.=m SI, St. Ann's buHdirz. c E-ldy st. 1
To tell the praises of Call "Want Ads. The prosaic expression that "they
give returns" is sufficient to tell the person who has a want of any kind
all that he or she wants to know. When we assure you that you can fill
your want, be it what it may. we mean what we say. We base our asser-
tion on the experiences of those who have used them.
THERE IS NO NEED OF POETRY
SPIRITUALISM. _ __^.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott SS7.
MRS. HARLAND'S Thanksgiving test circle
to-night, 10c; readings dally: SOc. $1. 14S Cth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.. 10c; sit., 10 to 5. 143 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
10c: private readings daily. 619 McAllister.
MRS. C. KOTTER- Test circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Mon.; sittings dally. 34 6th st.
1IRS. A. R. SMITH of Portland. 706 Polk St..
room 26. The Gladstone, corner Eddy st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1C52 Elilc. readings dally.
9::5O to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
~ PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First ResUtered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmLst Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I 'all to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true,
cr false; tell you who and when you will marry;
In fact, 1 will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love.marriage.dl-
vorcc, business, speculation, raining, health and
lost vitality, etc.; hours 10 a. m. to S p. m.
32ti— O'Farrell Bt. — 320. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and" business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, rev>eals the
present happeninss and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented cr not satisfied in life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4568.
A— PRESIDENT DIAZ -
OF MEXICO says:
"You have demonstrated to what perfection
¦ your studies In this science have been car-
ried."
L— I— V— O— R— N— O,
THE WORLD-RENOWNED PALMIST
AND CRYSTAL GAZER, '
34 KEARNY STREET.
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Tel. Black 2435.
B_fSee portrait of Mme. Livorno and orig-
inal testimonials at entrance.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
in. to,A p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
- full life. So; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted ciair. & palm.,
has second *Blght; a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success; names;
L-, 5Cc; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
41S Post St.; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MME. VEINA, wonderful trance medium- and
card reader; just returned from long ab-
sence. 400 Geary* near Mason, room 1.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
names given; 20c up. C 4th et.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
23c, gents 50c; readings dally. 1S2 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason; no sign.
MRS. AVERY. clairvoyant card reader, 940
Howard st.: ladles only; 25c; no sign.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26^ Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c; gents SOc.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c. 50c. 5S0 Jones st. ; hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 448Mi Jessie et., bet. Cth and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED 'AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3S5-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co..'J. McQueen,
proprietor, 32J) Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propa.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2G3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 120.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. fiSSfl.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN furnished cottage. 114 Hawthorne
St.. near Folsom, between Second and Third.
CKEDIT CLOTHIERS.
C? F. ADAMS~ca
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
phoes ; everything up to dete at cash prices.
Creglt for all. 31S Mnson st.
_^ CTTBES BTJPTTJRE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1200 Market 6t.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
~~ DENTISTS.
DR GRUSS. 504-5-G Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing! drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1413 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new;- teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Pet toeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD filling? 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button •& buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmakln? & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure ;eve. class. 1019 Mrkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
H^AlCir¥^u¥n^is~c^LTEG^r24^oiTrs^
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and nlcht sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years.' 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; -both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin aZ
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind In the entire
West; 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons' bids., 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, .123(i
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day eves.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st., nr.
!Uh. Prcf. Foster: society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: -day, ev. ; eat. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, H3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.*
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equlDment. Special catalogue free.
SOPRANO just 1 from the East wants church
position; jrrxxl reader. Box 45C2, Call.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING.
Saratoga Hall, 840 Geary st.; call 2 to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION;... Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
ARITHMKTIC, boekkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
'-Call. V> pages, sent to any. address In the
Ucitco SUtcs ov Canada one year fcr SI.
HELP WANTED— MALE — -Contlnned.
A— MURRAY A READY.. KU-W6 Clay St.
Phone Main 5S!S.
Leading Employment and I>abor Agents.
1M)2 We Gavtr 1903 We'll G ; va
43.CCO Urn Work. fiO.WX) Men Work.
ARIZONA. .
ARIZONA.
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe syiter.i3; free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers, driliers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hanimersmen.
STABLES, FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm andortharrl hands. $•!<>. $£s $U> four,!;
milkers, $.'») to $.10 an d found.
! Stablemen, eity. country jobs. &U) to $CD,
3G3 wooiIchop»)'T3.
2s7 tlanMlnr*.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooka, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines ami
ranches, cttv u-M country. #-".0 to S7»> and
found; waitrr?. ( ;; y an j country, *25 to *»."»
and found.
MURR.\Yj_ READY. 634-6:;t> Clay st.
CAHINF.T-JIAKKRS. *.1 50 DAY.
HEAD DONKEYMAN WOODS. SOUTH.
Striper and Irt: rcr. all-round painter. *.: day.
2 coatmak?r«, £.-> ner coat.
Married farmer, J40, house; 2 boys learn
painting. $.'.
OLD MEX ICO— FREE FARE.
Carriage trlrampr. boss here.
COAL MINF.RS-OREGON-TOEB FARE.
Married waiter, chambermaid, hotel, fare *1.
$5O and found.
Man and wifn. rr.an section hand, wife as
cook, few men. ?i m day. ISO month woman.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters, factory, country $:j 30 day.
Blacksmith, factory, country, $3 day.
2 stablemen, rr.ine town. $no and found.
PLUMBERS.
3 plumbers, country, s months' steady Joto.
FOREMAN
For orchard., to start. $50 and found.
4-horse ranch teamsters. $20 and found.
Light wagon teamsters, $9; 2 bellboys- 2
teamsters, ranch. Santa Clara. $26 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
155 ITALIANS. NEW R R WORK
155 GREEKS. NEW R. £ WORicI
155 AUSTRIAN'S. NEW R. R WORIC
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
WHY psy big prices to have your ihoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 6O0
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission »t-
bet. 1st and 2d st».. or 11 Third st. ?
WANTED— For U. S. Maria, Corps. » b le-
bodled unmarried men, between 21 and 33-
good character; must speak, resd aad writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, oa land la our
Island possessions, and at naval stations :a
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. CsX. aaj
401 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Bright married man from 23 to 30
years of age; one possessing executive ability
end capable of managing other men; prefer
some one familiar with dry goods; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Apply box
4515, Call office.
WANTED — Active advertising and insurance
solicitors on new proposition; sells on its own
merit; exclusive territory to good agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m.,
suite 19. Columbian bldg, 016 Market st.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SAN BORN. VAIL &. CO..
741 Market st.
WANTED — A first-class finisher and polisher;
only those with good references and sober
need apply. Jackson Furniture Co., 523
Twelfth st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Boys from 16 to 18 years; height.
0 feet 4 Inches and over, to Join a soci— 1 mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia at., any
evening . between 0 and S o'clock.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade ta two •
months and secure good positions: catalogue
mailed free. MOLER System Collese. 63*
Clay Ht.
¦WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelaa
bigg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a larse stock of
new and second-hand shoes: chean. 33O 3d st.
WINCHESTEP. Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 33c night; reading room*;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2-1 sts.
j GET your shoes half sole<i while waiting: 2.Vj
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 21 *ts.
HORSES AXD WAGO.\S.
A LOT o* cheap horses, mules, wagons, si-.
rles. buggies, carts and harness will be sold
at auction Tuesday, November 24. 11 a. m.,
at 1140 Folsom st.
2 BIG ranch mares, $100; wagon. $23: cart.
$12 50; horse, $25; buggy. $12 50. 79 City
Hall ave. •
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
NEARLY new hack, coupe and phaeton.
O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave. and Polk. st.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 g'od horses.
327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 5.12 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2- hand wagons, buckb'd. sur- J
rey.harness.work.drlviEg horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-253 Geary
St., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house, 12 rooms, Cal-
ifornia, nr Pierce. Apply 37 Columbian bldg.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Probably on Jones, O'Farrell or Cali-
fornia st. car. a gold hunting case watch;
black silk fob with gold buckle attached: in-
itial R on front of case; owner's name on
inside back cover. Reward if returned to>
3CC0 Pine st.
LOST — Chinchilla muff on Van Ness ave., bet.
Pacific ave. and Sacramento st. Suitable re-
ward if returned to MRS. A. C. DODGE.
Hotel Baltimore. 1013 Van Ness ave.
LOST — A small female collie with deep white
collar and white breast;. answers to name of
Tootsle. 1218 Treat ave.; $5 reward.
LOST — On returning key to 2118 Sutter st.
Saturday afternoon, black feather boa. Kindly
return to 32O Walnut st.
LOST — Lady's diamond pin, between Ninth
and Mission and Sixth and Market. Reward
at 113 Ninth st. _
LOST— Mink neck fur on Sixteenth or Valencia *
st. car en route to ferry. Return to 237 Do-jf^
lores st. ; suitable reward. -,¦ ~**
LOST — Gold scarf pin; dragon; 1 diamond; re-
ward. 2050 Fell st.
LOST — Diamond screw pin, on Market st.. Sat-
urday night. Finder please return to
! CHARLES NEWMAN. Russ House, and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Collie pup. male, about 8 months old;
white on breast: no collar on. Return to
707 Ashbury St.: tel. Park 329.
LOST— Fox terrier; female: last year's license;
reward. Blackhawk Stables. 1C«> \alenc:a
st. Tel. Mlsalon 15.
LOST— Brindle and white bulldog: tas No.
4433. Return to MIS3 JOHANNSEN. 42j',
• Oak stw. and receive reward.
I LOST— Scar? pin. 3 pearls, small diamond In
! center. Return 210 Markft at. Rewari.
! LOST— Draft and two checks payable Ramon
; ' Diaz. Return New Western Hotel: reward. .
IT will pay to "•Remember" ttat xhu California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter «t.. needs old
• srold mid wl'ver to mske new wstch c»«»<.
~~~ MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist tor all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; JW
I years' experience; removed to 826 Post st
! MRS IR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all tt-
i male :roubles and irregularities; Instaa: r»-
! lief guaranteed. 10CS^ Market St.. opp. 5ta.
' VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
' sold: price ?'- 0O by express. Kasteur'a
I syringe and tablets; price $2 50. By expre< 3
only on receipt of price.. OSGOCD DKOTH-
i ER3. wholesale druggists. Seventh and
• Broadway, Oakland.
! DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are stck or
to trouble consult this specialist on fema _
; complaints: positively corrected; the cnforfJK
I rate helped; the most difficult caj» treatr 1V_. •
advice free. . Office, ma Market st.
Drs. Gocdwrn. 73U Turk, nri Van Ness — Expert
I In obstetrics, female complains: inst. relief;
j treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Fblaom st.. corner
MthJ ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
. DR. ard MR3. DA VIES and HINDOO HXRBS;
; original method of treatment. 1129 Market iv.
__B_-_____B______fe_a___K________________i
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Coo.
WANTED— 2 cooks, sanitarium. 2 cooks.
$30. $35; cook, small delicatessen. $30, sleep
home; second cook, lunch house, short hours,
no Sunday work, $7 week; housework. Berke-
ley. $23; 4 second girls, $20, §25; chamber-
maid and waitress, winter resort, $2o; 4
nurse girls, $20. $23; nurse 'or lady, $20;
woman and child for country, $20. fare paid:
3 waitresses for hotels, city. $20; nursegirl
for Vallejo. $20; 2 tray girls, sanitarium. $20;
laundress /for Sacramento. $25; dormatory
girl. $20; 2 laundresses. $30; waitress, small
delicacy store. $5 week; 44 general house-
work girls, city and nearby town?, $20, $25.
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., XM
Sutter st.
WANTED— Experienced and inexperienced
girls for bindery work. Apply SAN BORN,
VAIL & CO., "tl Market st.
WANTED — By a wholesale house, 8 youny
women to fill temporary positions: must be
accurate at figures. Box 450t), Call.
YOUNG lady wanted to make alterations and
assist in seillng in store. MARKS BROS..
1C6 Sixth st.
A WOMAN to go to country for general house-
work. Call 2512 Folsom st- ¦
NEAT girl; light second work; must be a good
sewer; wages $20. 11S0 O'Farre'l st.
WANTED — Experienced saleswomen. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young ladles good education train
. in private hospital; paid while train. Bx 474.9.
TYPESETTER on a monthly; $9 weelr; steady.
516 Commercial st.
GIRL to learn typesetting on monthly. $3 SO
week at start. 516 Commercial st.
EXPERIENCED arm waitress wanted; good
pay. 631 Clay st.
GERMAN girl for general housework: refer-
ences. Call between 0 and 12. 2614 California.
BOOKFOLDERS; experienced operator* want-
ed. F. MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento at.
WANTED — A respectable young girl for light
housework. Call 2030 Mission st.
BONBON dipper; steady; good wages. 63S
Washington st.
CANVASSERS wanted: permanent employment.
Room 9, St. Elmo. 508^ 15th St.. Oakland.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478 Parrott building.
GERMAN girl for a cook; also a girl for up-
stairs work. Call at 902 Eddy St.. between
10 and 12 a. m.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework.
821 Larkin st.
PROTESTANT girl for gen'l hous<«w'k & cook-
ing; must be comp't; $30. 3524 20th, nr. Mis.
COMPETENT saleswoman. State experience
and references. Box 4518. Call office.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 8 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LED-
ERER'S. 123 Stockton Bt.
OLD established business house wants a good
traveler; woman preferred; references and
security required. Box 4764. ¦ Call office.
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmorg.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Emp. Office-
429 Bush st C42 Clay st.
Presser and cleaner, first-class country
hotel $40 and found
Walter, country hotel, $25; porter, country
hotel, $20; second cook, country hotel, $C0;
storeroom bookkeeper, single man, country
hotel, 540.
Woodchoppers, $1 25, $1 50 cord; stableman.
Institution, country, $30; ranch blacksmith,
$33 and found; man about place, $25.
C. R, HANSEN & CO Emp. Agents
42!) JVish st 642 Clay st.
MEAT cook for Institution. $55 and found:
icecream maker.- $1S week: 3 woodchoppers.
$1 25 to $1 50 cord, see boss hert to-day;
man about place, $25 and found; fruit farmer
and wife, $45 and found; choreman for hotel.
$20 end found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st. ' '
3 BOILERMAKERS, San S*do. 38c hour; la-
borers, city. ?2 day; man. light work; Jap-
anese boy. rooming- house, city. $15 found.
S. F. Employment Bureau, 17 Fourth st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Night clerk, country hotel, $4<X
A COOK for country hotel; $G5. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A YOUNG man living with parents, about 18
years of age, accurate at figures, rapid,
legible handwriting and good address can
secure position In large wholesale house; ref-
erences. Box 4744, Call.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters, home
evenings. $9 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 4,
box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Young men between IS and 20
' years of age to set up toys; must be handy
with tools. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS'.
BARBERS — Largest and best paying barber
shop and baths In San Francisco for sale.
Inquire DECKELMAN'S. lOtt Ellis st.
AN apprentice for a laundry; a young man;
board and room; small wages to begin with.
Sausalito Laundry. South Sausahto.
BARBER trade taught in one month: new
method. Address W. C. B.. room 111. St.
Ann's building. 6 Eddy et.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; on account of
other business. "04 Polk st.
ACTIVE boy, about 14. for light work In
electrical factory. Box 4747, Cal'.
3-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 3230 Mission
street.
GOOD man for stove plumbing and repair
work. 517 Market st.
FOR sale — Good 2-chalr barber shop; 3 living
rooms in rear: $100. 529 Fourth st
WANTED — A hamessmaker. 122 Montgomery
avenue.
WANTED — A young man to open oysters; call
after 10 a. m. 133 Powell st.
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply 17 Drumm st.
COATMAKER wanted for the city; steady
work. DETMER WOOLEN CO.
BUTCHER: neat young man to drive wagon
and make himself gen. useful. 1004 Hyde st.
GOOD barber wanted at 1291 Folsom St., near
' Ninth.
WANTED— An elderly man to take care of
two horses. 119 Tenth st.
PAPER rulers; first-class Job -ruler wanted. F.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
( * — — —
DAY cashier wanted. 29 Stockton st.
BARBER shop wanted in good country towr>.
Particulars, address S. C. T., Napa, Cal.
WANTED — First-class assistant structural
steel work draughtsman; $4 per diem; a
competitive examination will be held for the t
above position December 2, 190.'!. For ap-
plication and further information address
"Commandant. Navy Yard. Mare Island.
Cal."
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 SO, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room II.
fifth floor. 3C5 Larkin st.. for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries. ag« limits, etc.;
day or evenings.
BARBER shop for sale; first class: best loca-
tion in Oakland. Cal.' EECKEL & PRE3H- i
ER. Oakland Barber Supply House, 367 i
Twelfth st. j
BARBERS wanted, to have shears ground ; j
. price reduced to 15c: first-class work guar-
antecd. DECKELMAN BROS.; 106 Ellis at.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. -PERSON
477 and 478 Parrott building.
TRY "our men's shoes, union mads, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 10; w« par
express or mall charges. 11 3d St., Exam. bid. |
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.- U
years' practice; references from thousands of i
' persons for whom I have secured pensions. !
BARBER wanted evenings and Sunday morn-
ing; steady. Bex 4732. Call office. j
CANVASSERS wanted; permanent employment.
Room 9. St. Elmo. 508»£ 15th St., Oakland.
BOY about 18 to drive butcher wagon. icc5 :
Euchanan St.; call early. '
MEN to learn barber trade; good positions f»ir- '
nlshed. Apply 611 Commercial st. i
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; snap! Hi
Pclk st ' - -- , . .;
BUSHELMAN and pants maker for country. ;
Apply REISS BROS.. 2 1 Sutter st. j
BOY to learn harness trade; one with some ex-
perience. 2310 Pine st
MEN- 16 learn barber trade; catalogue mailed, ¦
S. F. Barber School. 741 A Howard et. ;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, \ NOVEMBER 24. 1903.
13
-Steamer GEN. FRISBIE.or MONTICELLO—
0:4ft a. rn.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday 0:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7. a. m." 12:30 and 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a m.;:4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cents. Tel.
Main 150$. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock, HATCH
BROS.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamer* .
* First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 - and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
(¦OMPAQircS GENERALS T2_K3_TLASTIQ1I£
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ji^»»
Sailing every Thursday Instead of^iraZ^jHj
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. * irfEE*
North- River, foot of Morton street.
oce«Dics.s.co.=fSff
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Nov.2S. 11 am.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dee. 1. 11 a. m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec. 10. 2 p.m.
INBhtSate.t2aB-r_ti:untrl*.7.P_afl6tL
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.V
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S HONGKONG MARU *.
Thursday. December 3 1903
S. 8. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
.Wednesday, December 30. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
...Monday. January 23 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
BtED^CAL — Continued. ll
5ks. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
Epfcialin; ¦. private home before and daring
confinement; best medical care; low feefr
DR. NO TOY KKE. 319 Powell St.. opp\ site
T'tKon spuere: all cur»d by herb*;
MILLIXKHY.
LADIES — 100 ptyl!*h h-ti to select trorn'; lease
•old. m\m vacate February 1. 1904: sate
money by callir.r on MME. DOSCH. 207 Po»t
• MISCIiLLAMiOl' S— FOR SAL-C
BOILERS, enpin^c. 2d-hend machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1U5-197 Fremont st
DOES- YOUR ROOF LEAK?.
Repair it with tlaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
n«*eds no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin or thinprles; best for new roofs.
ELATEKITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market Et.
2D-HAXD machinery, boilers, engines, pump?,
p«lleTS. fhartinK. etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and nchar.ged: see Sunday papers
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y. CO.. L"iO-132 Beale st.
• .A — I*!ne Fuits. $7 DO; dress, pants, f2 50. Origi-
nal £tisfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
neer Bush; open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A t-~ ."BUYS. Felle or rents gear machinery, en-
(rtneV. toilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. •WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear rt.
2 72x16 'IORI2ONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINEERING
CO.. 1M Fremont ft., San Francisco.
TYFEWIUTERS. slightly use.lT Fold at cort;
• new I'ndcrwood visible typewriter catalog
,«*nt free. B. E. Revalk &. Co.. San Francisco.
•ALTERATION' sale— Be«t $? 50 hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. .'{"O K«arny st.. near
Pine; ¦open to fly. m. ; Sundays to noon.
LADIES' (rents' castoff clothing bought; old
Fold, silver, etc. COLEMAX WW Kfarny
*t. ; tel. Green S42.
TRY our rm-n's thoos at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot -form thoes at $2 50; we pay express
charscs. II 3d Bt.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
DCSKS and saf«=s; Fee the complfte line at 1KKJ
Market. Kb. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
GASOLINE *>r.gines for sale. Bay City Iron
Works. Third and W-irtiinfCton *t5., Oakland.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. r>re ! .' ! es, motor, cutter,
type, fixtures; doing gOM business. 2986. CalL
FA FES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battrry gt. -
A VERY fine dlsm^n't h«-art for $210 at W. J.
hcsthai;?, io sixth st.
3, <5 AND 10 hp. rasoline eostD**; 2<i-hs.nci; all
r'.Tfe; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Market.
N^W nn<l wo^nil hand machinery of all kinds.
KKOGH MNFG ro., 518 Market st.
MOVING pictures, mapic lanterns. f<a!e. rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post et.
MILr;? of rip* and fittings: all ttze*. EU-
GBXE RIL.EY & BOSS, 109 Vallejo Ft.
SAFCS— X»« and second hand] E. B. BECK
& CO., 322 Market Ft.
All bargains ;raTrp ptocit and rhairp; hammocks,
metal beds.mattressf?. .T.F. Uottor.712 MisFion.
Euiscn phonographs, records, pupplief, moving
picture machine*, films. Barifralupl. 933 Mkt.
GABOLIXE rogiw. automobile* and launches;
all yizey. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
APK for prices on uppond-hand typevvriers; ail
makfp. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montg'y.
u anscciAAaneoca wasts.
SECOND-H\ND gasoline *>ng!ne, S h. p. or
lf-f=»? wo«->d working machines. Box 4311,
CSa.ll office.
WHAT have you to exchar.ee for first-class
dentistry? Addrefn box 4742. Call office.
STARTED — A pood bicycle at 414
, McAllister et.; call before 9 a. m.
WANTED — Seccnd-hr.r.d music box. in good or-
der; Ftate price. g88| Twenty-Cfth st.
BOOKS and libraries b.-iught. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market St.; pboo* Jessie 8741. or postal.
I PS.Y highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
Clothing; fend postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
T1I.TOX wants pood second-hand clothing nnd
theatri'-ttl poods. i:,4 Jnh ft.; tel. Jessie 28T.1.
t,< RIGs price r*id for • F«»alFkins: send postal,
'"< St.; phone Bush 484.
MOXEV TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.~
• €01-C02-C03 Examiner building.
. tjuick settlements; no disappointment.
¦Save fxr*is(« hy dealinK directly.
Ksta?»-s scowl mortsaeen. undU-lded inter-
«-Ftt. astirfjm<-nts of re-ntn, property In trust.
«-tc\ : leracies. life estates ar.4 undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
CocrteouF treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Sfdi Money
s** nrjiMAX MirnpHY.
v .- — ¦ — — |
ADVANCES on fun.iiure and pianos without :
i»mov«l: to jk rrr.atvnt salaried people on
thvir note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rate?; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CKEDIT CO. CS and C3 Donohoe
; building. UTO Merkc-t Et.
ETniCTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur.
r.iturf pianos or to salaried people on their
v.ctf. proper treatment puaranteed. ILLJNIOS
• TRUST CO.. r. 1G. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY refn^ctabie private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market st.. tfl. MaJn 1C44. Branch. 19 Third. :
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- i
chants, trajiisters. boarding-houseE, without '
fpcurity; easy payments; largest business in '
4<5 principal cities. Tolroan. 553 Parrott bldg. i
A — 1 p*r rent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no cornmiss-ion. no publici*v;$25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2'i Mon Tomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant ave.. j
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. '
MONEY to loan on low interest; sold, silver. '
diamonds, pecrl? and precious Btones bought i
at __, J. HESTHAL'F. 10 Sixth Ft.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl- !
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F. j
Discount Ag-^ncy. 1*3 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place in city; no commission.
€12 Parrott building; phone South 655.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission ;lnstallment8 accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries conflden-
ti&lly: new.simple plan. Room CO, 819 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bldgr.
S% ON furniture & piano*; $15 up; no removal
V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy «t., floor 4.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savinra Bank bids.. 708 Market et. '
ALL loans en diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
no, S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyominjr loans money to
taiaried employes. R. 31L Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoraer, MORELI* 609 Examiner bldgr.
»ir SIC AL, IXSTRUMEXTS.
RENT a piano for 13 per month; t« allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
wish to buy; this gives you eIx months' trial
,cf the Instrument for nothing; if the piano
rented does not suit we allow the rental on
'_ — r.}' lsctrument in our stores; with such goods
f. as the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
actee satisfaction to every one la quality.
price and terms. 6ee the 8cott-Curta«
"Bijon." the smallest full scale piano in San
FrancUco. 6COTT-CURTA2 PIANO CO..
teo-€2-e4 Haye« at. .
ALL uprtrht* en our bargain slate to-day—
Collard. $35: Filsher. J&0; Sherman A Hyde,
1100- Weber. $G5; KlmbaM, $115; MansSeld A
Nctnl. ¥125; Haynes. (150; American. $165;
Chlckering. fl€7; Emerson. $172; Miller.
$175- 2 Steinways, large and small sire, $183
, «nd $230: Heine, large style, slightly used.
$."2!5 Rents $2 up, apply on purchase; |n-
*_.Uments M up. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-
237 Geary St.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
A CARLOAD of beautiful Draper Eros, pianoa
Jui>t received. They are offered ar the best
thing in the market for the price. $300. We
ha\> eiso a fine assortment of Behr Bros,
and Baume-ister pianos, Simplex Piano Play-
ers and all kinds of musical Instruments.
The ZENO MAUVAIS MUfilC COMPANY.
763 Market st. _^
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
up, including such nu. Ices as Chlckericg,
Vo#e. Kroeger. (Turtaz, Klrkham. Pease.
Hardman. Marshall A Wendell, Baus and
vtbens. BENJ. CUBTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell ft. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND Instruments; T. Besson, Paris, maker;
Gu« Maiwald. Agt. Pac Coast, 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; *d-hs*id Instruments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ.
two banks of keys and pedal basa; cost $7M>;
your own price. BOWERS fc BON, 11 Mason.
ALMOST new upricht; cheap: cash or lni-ta.ll-
mept. ECHMITZ A. CO.. 10 McAllltter st.
A STECK upright mahogany, nearly new;
must be sold. 216 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
A perfect order; sacrifice. KeefTe's.285 CFarrell.
Vr.redeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead Storage. 1C36 Market st.
EOIIMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cectlian plana
player. BYROX MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
BUPEHIOR violins, either*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AMEBICAIT I.I2TE.
Hvw Tork — Sonthampton— London.
Fhlla..Dec. 5, 9:30 ami N.York. Dec 19. 9:30 am
S. Louis. Dec. 12.9:30 ami St.Paul.Dee.26.9:30 am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT UXTD.
New York — London Direct.
Mesaba Dec. 5. 9 ami Menom ne.Dec. 19.9 am
Min'tka-Dec. 12, noon) Mln'p'ls.Dec. 28. 10 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.--
DOMIUION U5E.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passagn
Cambroman ....Dec. 51 Canada .........Jan. 2
Dominion Dec. 9) Dominion Jan. 23
EED STAR I.IWH.
ITew Tork — Antwerp — Paris.
Finland.Dec.5,10:30 am|Krn'ld.Dec.l9.10:S0 am
Vadrld.Deal2,10:30am)Zealnd.Dec.26, 10:30 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
Haw Tork — Qnsenatown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedrio.Dec. 2, 2:30 pm Teutonic.Dec 23, noon
Arable.Dec. 9, 9:30 am Celtic. .Dec. 30. 1 pm
Oceanic. Dec. IS. 4 pm Majestic. .Jan. 6. noon
Boston — Qaecnstown — Liverpool.
Cretlc Dec 10 Jan. 14, Feb. 11
Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 23. Feb. 25
BOSTOXT MEDITEBEAHEAS SERVICE.
. Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
ROMANIC Dec. 5 Jan. 16 Feb. 2T
REPUBLIC (new) ..Jan. 2, Feb. 13. Mar. 26
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
Ik^A££l£«S. MARSEILLES. G£NOaX_ I
lafHAPVfcS & ALEXANDRIA. ECYPT.iy
ROMANIC. Dee. 5. Jan. 18. Feb. 27. ApL 0
REPUBLIC (new), Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. 28
CANOPIC Jan. 30, Mar. 12
(Send for rates ajid Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are tho largest in the
Mediterranean service.
First class. $75 and 930 upward, mccord-
Injr to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool quo.?"**™
CRETIC Dec. 10. Jan. 14. Fein. 11
CYMRIC Dec. 24, Jan. 23 Feb. 23
' First class, $C5 upward. For plans, etc.
address «*r~ ¦
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State it.
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
"Columbia" sails Nov. ID 29 Dee. 9 19.
29. "George W. Elder" sails Nov 2* 'Dec.
4. 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all point.*,
all rail or steamship aid rail at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets inciwle berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. P&a. Dept.,
1 Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
O. /?. & /V. CO.
William Klelr, ' 85, 48 Tehama street, and
Catharine -McGrath, 30, 706# Pine street. •
Ryland C. Goodspeed/ 21, «38 Folsom street,
and Marian L. Parmelee, 19, 1402 Polk street.
Arthur E.~ Ward, 28,' 1068 Larkin street, and
Lelah B. Adams. 24, 1107. Bush street.
Charles Gibson. 38, Vallejo, and Marie L.
Eggers. 22. 402 Larkin street. -
¦ George P. Purlenky, 21, city, and Alma M.
Hlnk, 18, city. .
-William F. Snxder, 21, 2626 Sacramento
street, and Rose M. Nolan. 18, Oakland.
Frederic S. Palmer, 24, 808 Bush street,. and
'Georgette C. Smith, 23, 2312 Devlsadero st.
Fred -C. Rasmussen, 21, 12 Bowie avenue,
and Charlotte Hall, 18, 682 Ash avenue. ,-
William O. Patterson, 28, 673 Hermann
street, and Mae A. King, 26, 1908 Ellis street.
Ernesto Zaro, 24, Pleasanton, and Estertna
Bognl; 21, Pleasanton. " ' ¦
Arlchlbald McN. FJeld, 27. Vancouver. B. C,
and Rose L. Gaby, 24, city. >
Kosti Llnerein. 24, 23« Minna street, and
Selma Nuvi. 1U. city. ._;_:„-'" • - .
Joseph Davis. 32. 32 East street, and Anna
Hawkins, 30, 248 Fourth street.
Joaquin de Ahen, 38, 60 Jackson street, and
Maria L. Machado, 33, C20 Washington street.
Carl F. W, Voss, 27, 3<»1 Army street, and
Anna Schneider, -24, 46 Lundy Lane.
Eugene D. Valente, 33. 217 Broadway, and
Mae Beliew. 27. 1109 Montgomery street.
Afel W. Andersen. 24, 1840 Twelfth avenue
south, and Maren Nielsen. 23, 1842 12th ave. S.
Antonio T. Freltas, 24, CO Jackson street,
and Mary King, 17, San Anselmo.
Maurice B. McManus^ 21. 3215 sixteenth,
and Mildred M. Remley. 18. 257 Lexington ave.
Francis J. Monaghan, 21, 783 Hayes street,
and Sarah T- O'Reilly. 18. 1311 Guerrero st. ¦
Martin P. Schmidt, 24, 622 Clay street, and
Catharine S. Trost, 24, 622 Clay street.
Gregor McGregor, " 2S, Seattle, Wash., and
Lecil C. Kruti, 24, Seattle. Waah.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ,
BOBN.
AHERN— In this city, November 14, 1903, to
the wife of. T. Ahem, a daughter.
BECKER— In this city, November 17. 1003,
to the wife of F. AV. Becker, a daughter.
COOK— In this city, to the wife of Milton H.
Cook, a son.
CUMMINS— In this city," November 7, liXtt.
. .. to . the wife of- Edward A. Cummins, a .
daughter.
HURLBERT— In this city. November 22, ll>03,
to the wife of Eugene F. Hurlbert, a daugh-
ter. ?
STEINBERGER— In this city, November 22. \
¦ 1003, to the wife of Bert Steinberger, a son.
TRIEBER— In this city, November 0. f&03, to
: the wife of Conrad Trleber, a son.
WOODWARD— In Eugene, Ore., November 17,
ll>03, to the wife of the Rev. Charles F.
Woodward, a daughter. f_.
~~. MARRIED.
ANDERSON — PETERSON— In this city. No-
. vember 21, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelan-
' der. pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church, Charles Anderson and Svea Victo-
ria Peterson, both of this city.
ASMUSSEN— CAMPBELL— In this city, No-
vember 14,' 1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Ne-
lander. pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church. William Jean Asmussen and Isa-
bella Campbell, both of Los Angeles.
ERBEN— BEETSCHEN— In this city, Novem-
ber 22, 1003, by the Rev. R. F. Stelnbach,
Frederick Erben and Ellse Beetschen, both
of San Francisco.
HASWELL— REEVE— In Manila, November
19. 1903, William Clarke Haswell of Los An-
geles and Lorena Dorothy Reeve of Berke-
ley.
• HBJXTRUM— RENSTROM— In this city, No-
vember 14, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelan-
der, pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church. Arthur W. Hextrum and Tekla V.
Renetrom, both of this city.
OHLSON— JOHNSON— In this city, November
21, 1903, 'by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pas-
tor of the First English Lutheran Church,
Otto J. Ohlson and Anna S. Johnson, both
of this city.
PARKER— PFISTER— In this city, November
22, 1903. by the Rev. John Stephens, John
•Ralph Parker of Chicago-, 111., and Edna
Louise. Pflster of San Francisco.
VETERAN— FONTES — In this city, Novem-
ber 21, 1003, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
pastor of the First English Lutheran Church,
William E. Veteran and Laura M. Fontes,
both of San Mateo, Cal.
diedT
¦ Alken, Antoinette C. Mitchell, Emma O.
Basslllio, Catherine Matthews, infant.
Blau, Amalla Moret, Eugenia
Blum, Jacob McCarthy. Patrick
Brosnan, John D. McConville, John J.
Clark, Mrs. Isabel Munson, John A.
Da Valle, Vlncenzo Nichols, Wm. M. .
Dlxspn, De Witt C. O'Hare, Eugene Jr.
Duwer, William C. Punch. William B.
Dunn, John ¦ Reynolds. Patrick
Ftllppinl. Felix Schulz. Ethel J.
Fogarty, Susan A. Schuster, Bernard F.
Gerald. E. F. Sherwood, R. L.
Gibeau, Gerald Skinner, R. J.
Green, Dora -. Smyth, Michael
.. Hogan, Thomas P. Smith, Caroline
.' Hughes, John A. Strel, Alice J.
Jorgensen, A. B. Sullivan, James
Kelly, John . Tellier, George Leo
' Krlseldrofter, Annie Trowbrldge. Geo. O.
Kruse, Henry H. Wolf, Jeanette
AIKEN— In this city. November 23, 1903, An-
toinette Cleveland Alken, widow of Charles
Grant Alken. and mother' of William C,
Florence C. and Charles S. Alken, a native
of Utica, N. Y., aged 73 years.
JETFuneral to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
from Hc^el Berkshire, 711 Jones street. In-
terment private.
BASSILLIO— In this city, November 23, 1903,
Catherine, dearly beloved daughter of Mar-
garet Bassilllo ' and of the late Joseph Bas-
silllo, -and sister of Joseph, John, William
and Clara Basslllio and Mrs. George Brown,
and niece of . Mrs. George Nightingale, a
native of San Francisco, aged 21 years.
• CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral on
Wednesday, at 8:15 o'clock, from her late
tesidence, 216 Union street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repoee of her soul,
commenceing at '8:45 o'clock. Interment
i Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLAU— In this city, November 23, 1903, at
the residence of her parents, 18 San Carlos
avenue, near Eighteenth street, Amalla,
youngest' and "dearly beloved daughter of
Henry W. and Lena Blau, and sister of Ade-
Ua, Herrman and Otto Blau, a native of
Stockton, Cal.', aged 7 years 5 months and
18 days. (Stockton papers please copy.)
|E7"Servlces will be held to-day (Tuesday),
at 4 o'clock, at the chapel in I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
BLUM — In this clty.-November 22, 1903, Jacob
Blum of San Rafael, beloved brother of Mrs.
Anna Schudei. John. Blum, Mrs. Verena
Hass and Marx -Blum, a native of Canton
SchnrhauH.-n Begglngen, aged 47 years 11
months and 13 days. (A member of Tamal-
r.ais Lodge No. 60, K. of P., and the Fra-
ternal Order of Eaarles No. 256. (San Rafael
papers please copy.)- ... -
. (E7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero street*.
BROSNAN— November 21, 1903, John D., be-
loved husband of Mary Brosnan, and father
¦of James A. Brosnan, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 65 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 0:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.'". '
CLARK— In San Rafael,. Cal., November 23,
. 1903, at the , residence , of. her son-in-law
A. F. Pacheco, 1309 Fourth street, Mrs Is-
abel Clark, a native of Buenos Ayres, aged
: 74 years and 27 \ days. :
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited . to attend the funeral on
Wednesday; from her late residence 1309
Fourth street, at 10 o'clock, thence to St
Raphael's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
cf her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Tamalpals Cemetery.
DA VALLE— In this city, November 22 ' 1903.
Vincenro da Valle, beloved husband of the
late Rosa da Valle. and beloved father of
Emillo da Valle, Maria Cella, Lena Fabrls
and Alda Sresovich, a native of Italy, aged
63 years 4 months and 7 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
¦ residence, 1250 Montgomery street, thence
to Apollo Hall, where service will be held
under . the auspices of Roma Lodge No. 147,
< K. of P., commencing at 1 o'clock. Inter-
ment Italian .Cemetery.
DIXSON— In this city, November 21, 1903.
. De Witt- C.,/ beloved husband i of Mary;M
Dlxson. and /ather of Charles H. and De
Witt C. Dlxson Jr., a native of Sibl«yvllle.
N. Y., aged. 61 years 11 months and 1 day.
. (Saginaw, Mich., papers please copy.) .-¦
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
' of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Cre-
: mation Odd : Fellows' Cemetery.^ ¦ .. ¦•
DUNN— In thisjclty, November 22, 1903, John
- relict of th&> late ' Mary ' Dunn, and dearly
; beloved uncle of Mrs. p. J. Meehan and Mrs
J. Gunn.'a native of County . Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 87 years. v' ".
tC* Friends and acquaintances are respect -
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
' -¦ dence, *• 2103 * Powell street," thence ¦ to - ¦ St.
. . Francis ' Church. • where a . solemn requiem
F.*J. MONAHAN. Manager. K . Tel. Mission ;a."
MONAHAN; O'HARA & CO:
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
• . ;¦ 2339-2341 ! Mission st.,' near Nineteenth, '
; • :¦:¦-. ¦•- '¦; Sen : Francisco. . ¦ ' -¦ -
¦ James McGinn. ' Henry Hansen.
¦ ; james McGinn & , co.; - ;
¦ —Formerly -With McGinn > Bros., T- '
Funeral Directors and Embalmere.- — -¦
- ; ~t 214? Eddy st.; 'Tel. South 876. -¦ ~-t
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. r.—
Freight. office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Ager.t.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
e Steamers leave- San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangtl.
Juneau. Halnes. Skagway,
etc.. Alaska— It a. m.. Nov.
22. 27. Dec. 2. Changs to
company's steamers at Seat-
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Towiwnd, Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m., Nov. 22. 27.
Dec. 2. Change at Seattle to this company' 3
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 24. 30. Dec. «; Corona. 1:30 p. m..
Nov. 21. 27, Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anireles and
Redcndo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obtspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Nov. 25, Dec. 3.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Nov. 21. 29. Dec. T.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joa« del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas. Santa Ro-
aalla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.-
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PALMrsTRY. '•':'-,
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo^
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve, also. 139 Post st
MME. NEEKGAARD . has moved to her new
bldg.. 242 Post -.phone James 1; mall readings.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 615
Taylor gt., near Geary. Phone Black 501.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
K>21% Market ft., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to -diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market st. ¦
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body;- tor
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st., near Leavenworth. i
DR. i TONO PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li "Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. T27 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG, 710 Post et.; all diseases
: cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls«
eascK cured by Chinef«» herbs. "46-S Clay gt.
"^ SPECIAL NOTICES. ~ '
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Ph}ladelphla. Pa.
proposals: "~~~
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE OF THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, \ California. Novem-
ber 16. 1903.
Sealed propowils or bids will be received at
this ifflco at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
on Wadnesday, December 23, 1903. for the
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
King ' and Channel streets- en the water
front of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief i
Engineer of the Board und adopted by the i
Board Aueust 27, WU3. and on hie in this
office, to which special reference is hereby
made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing end erect-
ing a stone seawall with end embankments,
. and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
, about 00,000 tons of stone; the wharf will
' contain 36,000 square feet :>f wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
tend from the intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly along said water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end emhankiients
will consist of stone not subject to deconu
poeltlon nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognized.
The first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet in fair assortment cf size-
between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tion will be made to stone larger than four
cubic feet; this class of stone must be free
of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will Include stone of less
than one cubic foot,. In assorted sizes, but
no stone lees than five pounds will be ac-
cepted at the quarry.
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will- consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class, close, grained, Dousla*
yellow fir piles and yellow flr lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought Iron
bolts, splke6, etc., all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid will'- be received unless it Is made
on a blank form furnished 'from this office
and Is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
- the bid, payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on the
part of the successful bidder that he will
six (6) oays after the acceptance of
The bid enter into a written contract to do
eald work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond In
auch sum as the Board may deem adequate
with a surety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners
and conditioned for tho faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless- delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary at
the office ot the secretary, at or prior to
. 2:15 o'clock p. m. on - W ednesday, Decem-
ber 23. 1003. at which, time and place the
bids Will be. onened.
The Board .reserves the right to reject any or
. all bids if deemed for the best Interest of
tho State.
Bidders are Invited to be present at the ooen-
ln~ of the bids. .
CHAS. H. SPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTTED. NORTON. Chler Enslneer. ,
, ¦ JOilN'Mr TOY.' Secretary.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted. Notice is hereby
Klver. that sealed - proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at Its office, room 13, 320
{•'ansome st..' San Francisco, Cal., up to 11-
o'clock a. m.. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5.
1903, and opened immediately thereafter in the
presence of bidders, for furnishing -and deliv-
ering quartermaster and commissary (Upplleft,
etc.. for tho Veterans' Home. Napa County.
California (railroad station Yountvllle),for six
months, commencing Jan. 1, lOOi, and ending
June 30, 1004. Schedules with Information
and instructions for submitting bids will be
furnished upon application by the - under-
signed. Bidders will carefully follow the con-
ditions of tne schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless It Is In accordance with
such schedules. Bids on tea. coffee and sugar
, must be made on samples submitted. No bids
will be received from parties who are not'
regular dealers In and carrying stock of sup-
plies on which they bid. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified check
upon some well-known and responsible bank-
ing-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Klnce. treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract
upon notice of acceptance, as required by law.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, and to order any quantity over or
under the amount specified. Address JOHN
F." SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Veterans' Home of California,
room 13, 820 Sansome street, San Francisco,
Cal. , ' ,
By order of the Board of Directors.
_ . • JOHN F. SHEEHAN, Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washlncrton. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
December 15, 1003, and publicly opened lm-
i mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
"Wash., a quantity of arc lamps, fan blowers,
transformers, . electric * motors, wire, conduit
and fitting-*, miscellaneous electrle.il supplies,
nuts, rivets, washers, wire gauze, padiocks',
nails, drills, files, screw*, miscellaneous hard-
ware, various machine tools, Douglas flr,
Puget Sound ship spars, • bar Iron and steel,
plain and (ralvanlzed sheet steel, sheet lead,
'roofing tin, boiled and raw Ilnsoeil oil, kero-
sene oil, concentrated lye, white and red
lead, paints, polishing paste, graphite, gold
leaf, brass and steel tubes, pipe fittings, Iron
pipe, water closets, steam gauges, evaporated
peaches und apples, tinned roast and corned
beef, tinned bacon, lard, canned salmon,
pickles, tinned tomatoes, tinned corn, rice,
' tea, sugar, salt,- evaporated- cream, deck
i scrub brushes, oakum, curled hair, mattress
ticking, cocoa and rubber mats, squllgees,
bath brick, leather belting, magnesia pipe
covering, cotton Jacketed fire hose, sandpa-
per, chalk, gasoline, rope extension ' ladders,
hose carts, duplex pump, and construction of
three llnps* of sewers. Blans proposals will
be furnished upon application to the Navy
Pay Offices, San Francisco. Cal., and. Seattle,
Wash. H. T..B. HARRIS, Paymaster Gen-
eral. U. S. N. 11-10-03. '-¦¦¦- . -.. >
PROPOSALS for manufacture of clothing.
36 New Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal.,
Nov. 23, 1903. — Sealed proposals In triplicate
will be received here until 10 a. . m.,' Decem-
ber 7, and then opened for»the manufacture
-of- olive drab overcoats, "service coats,
breeches and flannel- shirts, as per, U. S.
standard and specifications.' All cloth, serge,
flannel and lasting to be furnished by the
U. S; The contractor to furnish all other
materials and trimmings, Including buttons.
All patterns, cuttings and remnants to re-
main the property of the United 8tates. The
United States reserves tnte right to accept -or
reject any or all proposals, or any part there-
of. Information and * blank proposals . fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
¦ proposaU should be Indorsed. "Proposals for
Clothing No. 0097," and addressed to MAJOR
C. A. DEVOL, Q. M., U. 8. A., Depot Quar-
termaster. •'¦¦-•¦¦-'- ' ¦ --¦¦-¦•. ;
OFFICE of Superintendent of Construction' U
S. Postofflce. Courthouse, etc., 1044 Mission
St.; San Francisco, * Ca!. — Sealed proposals
will be . received ot the above named Office
until January 13, ,1004, for the construction
packing, Bhlpplng and delivery of the Interior
finish, etc., of the IT. S. " legation s buildings
Peking. China. In accordance with drawings
and specifications, copies ; of which may be
obtained at this office.
,-¦ J. W. ROBERT8. Superintendent.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Nov. 23, 1903.— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received h»re
until 12 o'clock, noon, December 23, 1903, and
then opened. ¦ for. furnishing at San Francisco •
. Cal.. Portland, Or. , or Seattle or Tacoma.
Wash.. ; for shipment to Manila. P. I.; 8,040,-
000; pounds oats and- 10.870, 000 pounds hay.
Government reserves right to reject or accept
' any or. all bids in whole or In part. Inform-
ation furnished; on f application to WILLIAM
S. PATTEN, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
. eral. Chief Q. M. ¦ .'
> -iMABBIAQE' IilCEITSES. : .'
;. The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:- ; --'*•"••- ¦¦"¦¦ ¦:¦•:•;:.¦. . ., ¦ , ; ; ,.
-William H. Nash, 34, 438 Geary street, and
Susanne B. Williamson, 18, Chicago. .
Patrick S. Manning, 48, ¦ city, and Mamie E.
Cannon, 26. ' city; • > 'g5aatft»_g»«'«p»gCTWsMaBiwS
;- . Christian < Andersen, ¦" 41, . 1242 Battery '. street,
and Anne J. Nelsen, 34, 1242 Battery street. <
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
DESK room in lawyer's office: desirable loca-
tion for businessman. Rm 219, Parrott bldg.
STORE with large basement: below Kearny
tt.: rent t-'tO. Apply C3G Clay St.. room 1. -
TERSOXALS.
A SPECIAL LOW RATE 30 DAYS ONLY—
. M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since
Jan. 1. 1003. & for the ensuing 30 days only.
I will mak<£ a liberal reduction from all
prices for my special deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition in
the drug store windows may b»» seen at my
office this week from 10 to 5. In order to ac-
commodate tho*e who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
M. ELLA HARRIS,
7SI O'Farrell et.. near Larkin. Call or write
for book explaining method.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladl-is steadily employed can have
ltaron's clocks, suits, furs end tailor-made
suits to order, en weekly or monthly pay-
ment? 'plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON, 762
Market st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching fcalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at tfrug-glets'. hairdrefiwrs' ; ac-
cept no FUbFtitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk:
WUIXKLEP snd all facial blemishes removed
by new Parisian method; superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis; lessons given In man-
¦ tearing; terms reasonable. MME. H. -EAST-
WOOD, r. 702. Alto bldg.. Bugh and Kearny.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
th» manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewlnp-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
adJrees Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
DRt'N'KEN-NESS. morphine and all drug dis-
fas'f positively cured by 'Willow Bark Co.,
1S39 Polk rt. : consultation free; call or write.
ktASSAGB. hand-rubbing treatment; face vl-
bratory machine; g-tnuine tubs. Prof. Morris
4M G<-ary St., nr. Mason; nurse assistant.
AT leaa than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
nrM trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
LIQt'OR habit rured in 2 days or no charges;
puarant-ed. Acme Liquor Cure-Co., 997 Mar-
kf t Ft., room 203.
ELEGANT suits on *>asy installments; 50 cents
and up p»r week. LEON LEMOS 1127 Mar-
io t __, between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCHCG Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day eve*., Teutonia Hall. Howard st.,* nr.
Bth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
UASQVERADB costumes, play books, wigs;
murtry onVm. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ANI'i:R?ON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
a.i" oonumes rented. 'M O'Farrell st.
Sl'IT.^ to order on inFtallments. ?1 per week
Keohaas & Co., mfrch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
! SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric rippjjp. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse,. 11 70 Market.
j THK bm place to buy good umbrellas or have
them covered cr repaired is 120 Stockton st. .
; TAlI>->n-MADn suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. :
ALFREDUM*8 Egyptian Henna restores gray.
_ hair to its natural color; $1 ; at all. druggists'. !
J Superfluous hair and molee removed with elec-
trir ;;»ffj;p. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Butter.
j Jt'ArERHAXGlNti. PAINTING. ETC.
F> OOM S papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hf.rtrrsnn Paint Co.. 319 3d St.: tel. Main «13.
I ROC SIS FOR HOL'SEKEEPINgT
AT Knickerbocker Apartmente. 1340 Pine "stH
near Hyde — Furnished 3-room suits: $30 up; i
j gteam healed, electric lighted; free bath.
i GEARY, 878 — Sunny basement, 4 rooms; com-
plete Tor housekeeping.
; GEARY. 1933— For adults; 4 connecting rooms.
baiJi. toilet, gas. coal stoves; all necessaries.
j JONEH. :.9O— The Zola; newly furnished suites. |
•'< & 4 TJtia; al.«o single; water; steam heated.
i LARKIN'. S1PB— 4 nicely furnished front house-
__ke?nrg rooms; running water; bath, phone.
i MARKET. 1219— To let; C rooms, partly fur-
nish.^d: $12: rear; upstairs; cheap. WIL-
I LIAM BUIINS.
j MJSSJON, 10S3— Elegant front suite, complete
for housekeeping; running water, gas, phone.
j MISSION. 114S— Front su^t» complete for
_hous'krrpins: piano if desired.
j MISSION. i«82?4— 3~~sunnj rooms; furnished
j _ housekfeping; 2_ beds; coal stove.
I MODEL HOrf-E, 1206 Stockton Ft. — Newly fur-
nished rooms. $5-$12; bath, eas, phone.
OAK, 117— Sunny suites; $8, $12 and $16; gas
range, hct bath; laundry; adults.
• 3 PARTLY furnished rooms: rent $12. In-
qulre grocery store, corner 25th and Capp sts.
. SEVENTEENTH, 3945, near Castro— 3 beaut I-
fui defirable unfur. rms; no children; reason.
] SIXTEENTH. 30T7, near Valencia— 2 neatly
furnish. 1 rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
! R ? OMs To . LtET — Cnrn. and Unfnrn.
j A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st— Rooms
2Ec to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
I AT "Th« Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No 1
Fifth ct.)— Rooms. 2«c. COc. $1. $1 50 night;
j $1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlwhed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Ma»on— Elegantly
j furnished gunny rooms; prices reasonable.
| DEVISADERO. 152S— 1 or 2 sunny unfurniehed
. front rooms to let.
I GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
j to $1 50 r.ight: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
I HOWARD. 1310— Sunny double parlors and sin.
gl* room for gentlemen.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Bun-
ny single room.
KI . N T?' "F'GHesple)— Nicely furnished rooms,
$1 50 to SJ. 5o per week; 50c to 75c per night.
PINE. 7C9. cast of Powell— Elegant parlor
eulte, running water, private bath; also other
rooms in ek-gant furnished new flat; gentle.-
men preferred.
PINE. 1735, near Van Ness— Newly furnished
sunny bay-window room; electric lights; pri-
vate family.
POWELL -17 — Sunny front suite for doctor
or dentist; step other furnished rooms.
ROYAL Houfp 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; roome por night, 35c to $1 50; week $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooD-.s with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, lOrj^j. near Hyde— 2 large sunny
parlors, with outside kitchen or laboratory.
2 . F , U - RN I£ SH i :D rooms t0 let: good for man
and wife: *»_month. Apply 2C2/Thlrd St.
VXtJ^P STATES. 123 Eddy st.. nr. Market-
400 single snd family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 ,5 to $<j week; elevator; electric lights;
readlng-room^free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS. C 19— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d Bt...near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
350 tf, *1 5° r.isht; $2 to $8 week;', elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS. BUbscrlptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
BOARD.
HOTEL BaTtIMOr£
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST
AMERICAN PLAN.
«J?£2£^£ WVATE EXCHANGE 706. / '
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.'
MUNGER & ZKBERG. PROPRIETORS.
HOTEL. MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has charged hands; hereafter conducted
flrst-clam family hotel; table board specialty.
STEVENSON mansion, S07 California gt.— At-
tractive and siphtly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. v ¦ '¦
FIRST. 323— Rnom and board, $4 50 per week;
home cooking; house changed hands.
ROOMS AND BQAIU) AV ANTED.
WANTED— A suite of rooms wltii board for
man and wife la a first-class hotel or board-
ing-bouse north of Market street, on or near
Z-?? r .l ine: 8Uu rate «- Address Box 4470.
Call office. '
WANTED — Room and board in good hotel at
WO per month for a wnUwnan: _orth of
jzStc&tSL?" 1 ot Taylor - Addrgss "f
LABORING man wants ?1 special and good
meals per week and small room; lower part
of city. Box 4508. CalL
__TQ MT.
SHOEING, wagon and paint shop, 22x80. In-
quire in grocery, southwest corner Geary and
Mroaerlclc st^.
_,_ SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured; new method; 1 week'« treat-
ment fr*e. Dr. Ccttlngham. 204 Sutter st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
SPECK & CO., V
(507 MARKET ST., OPP. KEARNT.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors,
Full Charge Taken of Property.
SELECTED
MUST BE SOLD.
$223,00Or-Magnlncent downtown .EHls-st. cor-
ner; nearly 100 ft. frontage; 6 stores
- and 80 rooms above; good building;
giving leases and expending about $60U0
will rent for $1350 , per- month; no
choicer buy in the -market ; ofTer wanted.
CORNER NEAR MARKET. ' . |"j
$130,000 — First-st- corner; new brick building;
10 years' lease to one tenant; 9400 sq.-
feet floor space; a very choice buy.
• FOURTH-ST. TRANSFER CORNER.
•$60,000 — Main corner; 75x100 feet: stores and
apartments above; pays 6 per cent net;
very safe Investment to hold. , ;
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.;
$50,000 — 12 new, up-to-date flats; modern In
every respect; pays 15 per cent net by
assuming bank mortgage of $25,000 at
5% per cent interest; lot 87:6x84 feet;
0 blocks from new City Hall.' !
NORTHWEST CORNER.
J50.000— 137:tal37:0; substantial improve-
ments; insured for $20,000; mortgage
of $30,000 at GV4 per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net.
LARKIN-ST BUSINESS CORNER.
$50,000 — S7 feet frontage; stores and lodging-
house; pays ti per cent net; offer, of
$47,000 refused; such downtown - cor-
ners are scarce. :
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$48,000— One and a half blocks from Market
St.; 47 feet front; cheapest downtown
corner to be had near Market st., a
chance to make a turn at good ad-
vance,
TEN YEARS' SECURED LEASE.
$47,500— Corner; • stores and apartment-house:
60 rooms; 5-story building: 10 years'
secured lease; 1 tenant: $4400 annual
rents; will consider part exchange city
property; mortgage ?2.0, 000;. pays ovjfr 8
per cent net. :
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS '
$42,0C0— Lot 82x275; two frontages; 100 rooms;
rents $350: One tenant; can be easily
leased at $400.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.*
$22,000 — Stores and lodging-house; rents- $163;
lot 30 feet frontage; pays over 9 per
ceil* net.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500— O'Fnrrell St., east cf Van Neso; pays
t 10 per cent net by assuming $8000 bank
mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120; two
frontages. ..
$11, COO — Rents $119; downtown flats; lot OOx
SO feet.
$3.250— Yearly income $420: flats near Third
v and Bryant; lot 25x75 feet.
$1,400— Corner let, near Golden Gate Park;
23x100 feet.'
' SPECK & CO., C67 Market st.
THOMAS MAGEK & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
FIRST ST.
40 ft. front by 137:6 ft. deep and large brick
building.
IN MANUFACTURING DISTRICT.
$lQ.000.
LARGE VAN NESS CORNER. with f-ill
depth on another main street; brings In over 6
per cent now on good Improvements; an excel-
lent site to be Improved later by raising the
buildings and putting In stores. "~
MODERN ccttases: finished complete with
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooma— $2900.
6 rooms— $3250.
6 rooms— $3500.
« rooms — $3600.
7 rooms — $4100.
8 rooms — $4 COO.
> Located on First and Second ave., b«t.
Geary and McAllister st. cars and one block
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
— ~f . , i . . i
BIG sacrifice— ?1800 will buy chicken ranch,
four large lots, housa, stables, . chlcken-
housen, windmill, horse and wagon, 400 fine
laying hens, ducks, pigeons,' etc. ; part cash.
Call or write to LEOPOLD WEINSTEIN.
NW. corner San Bruno and Silver aves.
$350 DOWN and $20 per month, cottage. 5
rooms and bath; 4145 23d St.; the latest.
$300 down and $25 per month; 6- room hou°e
on Duncan st. : a snap.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
JUST opened a new tract of splendid lots In
the best part of Berkeley; terms'very attrac-
tive; call or send for map and particulars.
.S. F. and S. Home Building Society, 708
Market St.. S. F.
FOR SALE — Cheap, a fln« 5-room cottage on
Elizabeth et., near Douglas*; must be sold
this week; price $1500. Apply 'at grocery
store, corner Twenty-fourth and Douglas.
SNAP— Just completed; modern 1%-story cot-
tage, 6 rooms, bath; easy terms. 20 Merrltt
st.: take ISth-st. cars, get off at Hattie.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part, lot at 6 per- cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR bargains In city property, call on
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
REAL ESTATE — Conn try — For Snle.
FOR farms, orchard and vineyard lands stock
ranches and timber lands, call on or address
for catalogue, ROTHERMEL & CO., 507 Cali-
fornia st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
FOR sale — A house of 4 rooms, with 2 lots,
each 50x70 feet. In a town In Sonoma County.
For particulars apply at Call office. .
POIXT niCIIMQ yp REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts-
;maps. photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott . bldg.
Oakland advertisements
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
.I... - < ?*rck A^P, REAL ESTATE.
$500 CASH. $12 monthly; 5 rooms and bath-
l»4-story house. Queen Anne style; 3 fine
lots, 75x100; all fenced; good well of water
immense shade trees surrounding; extra qual-
ity soil; running mountain water: a cozy
home and a bargain: price in all. $1500- ad-
Joining East Oakland; near car line and fine
s<tfioolhouse. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh st., opp. Broadway Station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND GRAND HOTELS,
955^4 Washington and 510 Ninth sts . Oak-
land; furnished rooms en suite or single' with
or without board; special rates to families.
OAKLAXD FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the d^foT : baxs^Tnn^?u7nU
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th Bt..cOr.store.Oaklnd.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture"
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard Bt.. nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., o f-
!. Cce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlfce. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made- slo
Mission nt.; tel. Howard 941. F, W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
$10, $15. $20: slightly used; needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 10K1 Market st.
ASSESSMENT, NOTICES. ,
HONOLULU PLANTATION COMPANY— As-
sessment Notice — Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, location of principal place of business
San Franclscg-rfCal. — Notice is hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors
held this ICth day of November A. D. 1903
an assessment (Number -7) of one dollar
<$1 CO) per share was levied upon the ca >-
Ital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately to the necretary of the company
at the office of. the company, 327 Market
Et., San Francisco, State of California. Any
etock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the 28th day of December
1003. will be delinquent . and advertised for
sale at public auction; and unless payment
19 made before " will be sold on the ™8th
day of January. 1904, to pay the delinquent
assessment, together with expenses of sale
- '-'¦¦ ' ' - « H. W. THOMAS
Secretary of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, 327 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal
(Room No. 4. Second Floor). ' ,'
GREAT BARGAINS IN TJTEWRITERS^We
sell better machlhes for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par
. ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
' gomery st. _ . .¦^";.-~
2D-H AND . typewriters sold, rented, repaired
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market!
STUTTERING AND STAMMERINo!
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cum
In every case; individual teaching;. no: medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;bome cure,;
E7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully (invited to attend the funeral 'services
Tuesday, : November 24, 1903. at 10 o'clock
¦/¦ at : the parlors , of J. S. Godeau. 305 Mont-
. gomery avenue. ¦ - -
SMITH— In this city. November 23. 1^03. Caro-
: u line,'- beloved wife of John F. Smith, and
daughter of: Mrs. Caroline Helm, and sister
of Mrs. Frank Slebrecht, Mrs.- Herman
Locks ; and George ' Helm,' a native' of New
i .York, aged 39 yean and 8 months."?" 1 ; " :
SMYTH — In - this city. Norember>22. - 1900-.
Michael, - beloved brother of .Bernard and
- v John Smyth, a native of Derrylea, County
E7"rhe funeral will take place from his
late residence, 1123 California street, Tues-
day. November 24, at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment private.
SKINNER— In thi* city. ¦ November 21. 1903
R. J.; Skinner, aged 70 yean. ?
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend- the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodore Dlerk*. 057 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHULZ — In this city, November 23, 1903,
Ethel J.. dearly beloved daughter of An-
drew F. and Johanna E. Schulz, and be-
loved sister of Annie. Loretta, Andrew and
Margaret Schulx, and granddaughter of Mrs.
Margaret Schula, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 years 4 months ..and 19 days.
- (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday),- at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2870% Twenty-second
• street, between Alabama and Harrison. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHUSTER— In this city. November 23, 1903,
Bernard Fredrick Schuster, beloved child
of Joseoh F. and Ella Schuster, a native of
San Francisco, < aged 3 years 2 months and
26 days. . ;, ' . . ,
BHERWOOD — In this city,* November 22, 1903
* Robert Lincoln/ beloved son of Eliza Neill
Sherwood and the late Robert Sherwood." a
native of San Francisco, aged 33 years 1
. month and 21 days. -
. CTThere will be a solemn requiem high
mass at St. Francis Church to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 9:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. Kindly omit flowers.- ••
O'HARE — In this city, November 23, 1903,
Eugene Jr., dearly beloved son of Eugeno
and Catharine O'Hare, and brother of Hor-
ace. Kathleen and Genevieve and the late
Grace and Ada M. O'Hare, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years 2 months and 25
days.
PUNCH— In the City and County Hospital.
.November 22, 1903. William B. Punch, a na-
tive of Tennessee, aged 30 years.
REYNOLDS — In this city, November 21. 1903,
Patrick Reynolds, a native of Ireland, aged
65 years. «.'.;
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to> attend the funeral services
Wednesday afternoon, .at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 6520 Telearraph avenue, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
NICHOLS — In this city. November 23. 1903
at his late residence. 2219 Powell street.
William M. Nichols, beloved husband of
Margaret Nichols, -and father of Sister M.
Annunciata and N. A. Nichols, a native of
Ireland.
£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Brendan's Church.-
¦ where a requiem masa will be celebrated
for the renose of his soul, at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCONVILLE— In this city. November 23.
1903, at his late residence, 224 Arlington
street, John J. McConville. dearly beloved
husband of Mary O. McConville. a native of
San Francisco, aged 38 years 4 months and
24 days.
MITCHELL— In Alameda, Cal.. November 23.
1903. Emma Octavla, beloved wife of R.
Brent Mitchell, and mother of R. Brent
Mitchell Jr.. Mrs. W. H. Sellinawand and
Juliet E. Mitchell, and sister of Mrs. D C
Mackay. Mrs. W. H. Woodward, Mrs. E.
W. Davles, M. B. Augustine and H. W. Au-
gustine.
(C7" Funeral and interment private.
MORET— Iif this city, November 22, 1903. Eu-
genia Moret. a native of France, aged 75
years.
MUNSON — In Oakland. Cal., November 22,
1903, John A., beloved husband of Louisa
Munson, uncle of Nellie Munson, and cousin
of Mrs. Emma Gustafson of San Franc/sco,
a native of Sweden, aged 60 years 7 months
and 14 days.
(ETThe funeral will take ¦ place Tuesday.
November 24. at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Henry J. Gallagher Under-
taking Company. 20 Fifth street. Interment
strictly private.
KRUSE — In this city. November 22. 1903.
Henry H. Kruse, a native of Germany, aged
67 years and 1 days. •
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fujly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of laccherl. Duclos & Co..
020 Broadway, between Dupont and Stockton
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MATTHEWS— In this city. November 23. 1903.
infant child of Lee C. and Stella May Mat-
thews, a native of San Francisco.
MCCARTHY — In this city, November 21, 1903.
Patrick McCarthy, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, asred 29 years 3 months and 10
days. IA member of the Pacific Coast Ma-
rine Firemen's Union.)
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesduy), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 2820 Twenty-fourth street.
.Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KRISELDROFFER — In this city. November
22. 1903. Annie, beloved wife of Charles
Krlseldroffer, and mother of Louis . and
George Hansen, Mrs. F. T. King and Mrs.
J. Cas«erley, a native of Germany, aged 03
years. r
1 CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 632 Jessie street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FILIPPINI— In Oakland. CaU. November 22,
1903, Felix, beloved son of Felix. and Felo-
mena Filipplnl, a native of Nevada, aged
18 years 1 month and 1 day. (A member of
the Foresters of America.)
FOGARTY— In this city, November 22. 1903.
Susan A., beloved wife of John J. Fogarty.
and mother of the late Bessie and James
Fogarty. a »hatlve of San Francisco.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuiieral to-
day (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 12a Beulah street, between Waller
and Frederick, thence to St. Agnes Church.
Page street, near Masonic avenue, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Funeral private. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery- ¦ vir*':-
GERALD— In Alameda. Cal., Nov 23, 1903,
E. F. Gerald, aged 67 years.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
GIBEAU— In this city, November 23, 1903. at
the residence. 13 Minna street. Gerald, be-
loved son of Joseph W. and Jennie W. Gl-
beau. a native of Reno, Nev., aged 1 year
and IS days.
GREEN— In this city, November 21. 19W,
Dora, beloved wife of Mark Green, mother
of Hilda. Monroe. Arthur. Julian. Hazel.
Selma and Stanley Green, and sister of Mrs.
E. Simon. Mrs. L. G. Kaufman and S. M.
and Sol SeellRsohn, a native of -San Fran-
cisco, aged 45 years. \
IC7"The funeral services will take place to-
day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1322 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, - by 11 :30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
OFFICERS and members of Congregation
Sherlth. Israel are requested to attend the
funeral of Dora, tne estimable wife of our
member, Mark Green, this (Tuesday) morn-
inx, at 10 o'clock, from 1322 Golden Gate
avenue. CHARLES HARRIS. President.
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
HOGAN— Iri Oakland. November 21. 1903.
Thomas P., beloved son of Patrick and
Catherine Hcgan, and brother of William,
Joseph, Maggie and Mary Hogan and Mrs.
J. Marquardt and the late John Hogan, a
native of Peoria, III., aged 29 years 10
months and 28 days. (Peoria, 111., papers
please copy.)
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Son, 1067 Mission
street, near Seventh, thence to St. Paul's
•Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose" of fils soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. t
HUGHES— In this city, November 22. 1903.
John Ambrose, dearly beloved Infant son of
Joseph F. and Margaret A. Hughes, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
15 days.
IE? The funeral will take place from the
residence of the parents, 2525 Folsom street;
Tuesday, November 24,. at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
JORGENSEN — In 'Fly District, Napa County.
November 20, 1003, Andrew Bent, beloved
husband of Tlnnle Jorgensen, father of How-
ard A. Jorzensen and the - late Harold C.
Jorgensen, son of Jorgen and Cecilia Jorgen-
cen, and brother of Mrs. Sam Andersen,
Mrs. C. Pedlar and Henry Jorgensen, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 26 years 2 months
- and 2t> days. A member of Helga Lodge No.
3 of Dania and Golden Gate Camp No. 64,
Woqdmen of the World.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, November 24, 1903. at 1 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Cyprtes Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
KELLY— In this city. November 22. 1903. John,
dearly beloved son of John and Hannah
Kelly, brother of Reta, Agnes and Willie
Kelly, and trrandson of Margaret and the
late Jeremiah Whelan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years 3 months and 28
days.
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In«
tertnent Holy Cross , Cemetery.
DUWER— In this city. November 21. 1903.
William C, beloved husband of Bertha. Du-
wer, and father of August and Edward. Du-
wer and Mrs. J. Sheridan, a native of
Bremen, Germany, aged 65 years 1 month
and 23 days. A member of Court Hubertus
No. 15, F. of A.
YOUNG Men's Catholic' Union — A* requiem
high mass for the repose of the souls of the
deceased members of the Young Men's Cath-
olic Union will be celebrated in the cathe-
dral at 10 o'clock on Thanksgiving Day
(Thursday morning, November 20). The rela-
tives and friends of deceased members are*
respectfully invited to attend.
THE month's mind solemn requiem high masa
for the repose of the soul of the late Rev.
Denis Nugent will be celebrated at St.
Rose's Church. Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, to-day (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock. The reverend clerary. friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to bo
present.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1111 Goush street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:3(1
train from Third and Towcsend streets.
Please omit flowers.
CTFuneral services at chapel. 10 o'clock,
Tuesday. Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
WOLF— In this city. November 21, 19a!.
Jeanette, dearly beloved wife of W. Wolf,
and sister of Julius. Joseph and Jacob Ros-
enblum. a native of Poland, aged 70 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
Cavan. Ireland, aged 51 years X month am
23 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-daj
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlori
*>f McFadden.. McBreirty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between f Seventh and Eighth.
Int«rment Holy Crcns Cemetery, by 1:3(
o'clock train from Third and Townser.d
streets.
6TREI— In this city, November 21. 1903. at
the residence of her parents, 2317 Harrison
street. Alice Josephine, dearly beloved daugh-
ter' of William E. ana Alice &¦ Strei (nee
Cunningham), and sister of Vincent Strei. a
native of San Francisco, aged 8 months and
5 days.
ETThe funeral will take place from her
late residence Tuesday, November 24, 1903.
at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.
SULLIVAN— In this city. November 21. 1903.
James Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged
SO years.
TELLIER— In this city. November 23. 19Q:«.
George Leo, dearly beloved son of Eugene
and Maude Telller. and brother of Raymond,
Halary and Laura Telller. a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years and 8 months.
CTTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1.12 Rose avenue. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
TROWBRIDGE— At Mountain View. Cal.. No-
vember 22, 1903, George O., beloved husband
of Louisa M. Trowbridze, and father of
George T., Henry O. and Louis H. Trow-
bridge.Children ' like Plso's Cure. -It Is pleasant to
take and cures their coughs. At druggists, 25c •
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 23.— Jud^« Hart this
morning sentenced S. D. Butcher, who pleaded
guilty to the theft of a bicycle, to eight year*
at Folsom prison.
SALINAS. Nov. 23.— Francisco ¦ Martlnlz
alias Garcia, a Yaqut Indian, who en Septem
ber 21 of this year- attacked ?Mrs.- "Washburn,
aged 70 • years, • at Seaside, ¦ was found ; guilty
this afternoon by a Jury in the* Superior Court
after nrteen minutes' • deliberation. '•
Eight large windows of Pattoslen Co.,
Sixteenth "and Mission, are .filled with
beautiful ; dining-room • furniture. . Each
window contains a distinctly different
style of table; matched with chairs and
sideboards, as we admire, them. You may
choose from 42 styles of tables and over
100 different, styles of chairs. The range
of buffets, china-closets and sideboards
assures satisfaction. BBSBBBfSISK- *
The trial • of the suit of the "United
States aeainst Frank A. McKee and
Pearley Maxwell to recover $9000 dam
ages, the alleged value of tanbark and
tan oak cut on; Government land in
Humboldt County, was begun - yester
day before United States District Judge
de Haven. . • "
Tanbark Poachers on Trial.
The fourth ; of the series of lectures
by Rev. Edward L. Parsons . of San
Mateo, under; the auspices of the Sun
day School Commission of the Diocese
of California, will be delivered . on No
vember 25 at St. -John's Guild Hall,
Julian avenue, near Fifteenth street, at
8 p. m. The eloquent divine has taken
for his topic "The Great Prophecies of
the Late Exile. The Messianic Ideals."
Lecture by Rev. E. L. Parsons.
Joe Luporlnlvwasl tried yesterday be
fore a Jury in Department 2 of the Su
perior Court, ¦; Judge. : Burnett . of Santa
Rosa presiding, on I a charge of robbery
and' was convicted. He waived time for
sentence andUhe • Judge sentenced - him
to serve ten years in San Quentln. He
and JohnVBuschi ;, wtio; pleaded guilty
and Is awaiting sentence,' held .up
Walter Young., of '726 ; Green , street • In
front ¦ of his residence • on , the morning
of -August. 11.'" ',;
Sentenced for Robbery.
Complaint Against Louis Den.
United States District Attorney Mar
fhall B. Woodworth yesterday filed a
complaint against a Chinese named
Louis Den, charcrinc him with utter
ins a fraudulent certificate of registra
tion. The certificate was one of these
irsuod by William II. Dillard, the ne
prro clerk in the office of the United
States Revenue Collector and who was
tonvicted of issuing: fraudulent certifi
cates of registration. Den's bonds were
Zlxed at SHOO.
Mrs. Upson Not Poisoned.
Coroner teland held an inquest yes
terday on the body of Mrs. Lillian Irene
Upson. who died at 417 Mason street
on November 12. Autopsy Surgeon Ba
clfralupi testified that the woman was
mortally diseased and City Toxlcologlst
Dr. Charles L. Morgan reported that
there was no poison 5n the woman's
The Jury returned a verdict
cf death from natural causes.
Judge Morrow Going East.
United States Circuit Judge U r . w.
Morrow vrlll leave for "Washington, D*
O. on December 1 to attend a meeting
of the trustees of the Carnegie Insti
tute.
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
J. Joseph, a driver for W./Gans of
843 McAllister street, was arrested yes
terday by Officer McCurrie of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals for using a lame horse. Jo
seph was released on $10 bail.
HALF RATES ON
THANKSGIVING DAY.
On Thanksgiving- <!ar. Xcwmbr 26. the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway - will sell tickets
to *!1 Doints, exceot suburban, at half rates
or one fare for the round trip, with limit of
rtium Friday, the 27th.
Tickets will be oa sale at Tiburon ferry on
TLacfcisivlEC day.
Floating spots : before the Eyes, dim
ness of vision and weak eyes, cured by
Murine Eye Remedies. A home cure for
eyes that need care. - Drueelsts. • -•
The last named tribunal -holds that
the demurrer should not have been
overruled, an action In' the case Is bar
red by the statute of limitations. It
Is ordered that the proceedings be dis
missed. > Nothing la said as to the merit
of Jones' contentions and had he com
menced action at an earlier date he
might have won his suit." .
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that the Board of Police Commission
ers of San Francisco could not be com
pelled by law to ; reinstate Patrick J.
Jones as patrolman. The plaintiff was
dismissed in April, 1894.
In October, 1901, he commenced pro
ceedings to be restored to his old posi
tion on the force. The Police Commis
sioners demurred to the complaint in
the Superior Court, but were overruled
and judgment was rendered In behalf
of Jones. An appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court. . j. . ¦ - .
Supreme Court Declares That Patrick
Jones Is Not Entitled to Rein
statement on Force.
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
WIN A VICTORY AT LAW
The single rate->pn letters from the
United States to Great Britain Is 5
cents for each half . ounce. If this Is
not paid In advance there is a charge
of double the deficiency, collected on
the letter In Great Britain. It may be
said, also, that the foregoing penalty
is exacted on all correspondence in the
Postal Union malls.
The British Foreign Office has re
cently called the attention of the su
perintendent" of foreign mails, Wash
ington, D. C. to the fact that a recent
scrutiny of malls from the United
States Into Great Britain shows that
they contain a higher percentage of In
sufficiently prepaid letters than usual,
and the Washington authorities are re
quested to take some steps to bring
the matter more especially to the at
tention jof the American public.
Double the Deficiency in Postage Is
Collected in Great Britain From
Addressees.
No warranj will be issued for the ar
rest of. Attorney Hu Jones for the al
leged embezzlement of moneys belong
ing to the estate of Edward Mooney,
deceased. An effort was made by Cor
nelius Mooney, saloon-keeper, to obtain
a warrant on .Saturday from Police
Judge Mogan, but he was told to re
turn yesterday. He did not ' make his
appearance.
Attorney Frank Kelly, who repre
sents Mrs. Cornelia McNamara, the ad
ministratrix of the estate, called upon
Judge Conlan yesterday and said there
was no desire on the part of, his client
to procure a warrant for Jones' arrest,
as she was : ridt aware -.that Jones j had
embezzled' any jj funds ; belonging.' to the
estate of her brother. No'demand had
been made upon Jones by her, but! she
had instituted suit in the civil, courts
for ¦ the- recovery.: of . m&neys ':. from ! the
banks where ; they had been deposited
and withdrawn by, Jones. \
Administratrix of the Mooney Es
tate Will Not Apply for a
; Warrant.
FOREIGN LETTERS MUST ; '< v.
BE FULLY PREPAID
ATTORNEY JONES WILL
NOT" BE PROSECUTED
San Francisco had a little touch of
thunder and lightning yesterday morn
ing, which Is something very unusual.
The rain fell generally in Northern
California, Nevada and Utah. Clouds
were gathering over the southern por
tion of the State last night and show
ers for Los Angeles were predicted by
the officials of the Weather Bureau. (
Professor McAdie says that the weath
er should be much clearer In San Fran-*!
clsco to-day.
Bainfall Is General.
Without doubt the grill of the Lick
House, fashioned under the direction of
the proprietor, Mr. George W. Kings
bury, whose years of experience have
excellently fitted him to judge of the
needs and comforts of his guests, is one
of the handsomest and most inviting of
any place of its character on the coast.
The old Dutch style of architecture has
been chosen as best contributing to the
Ideas of the proprietor, whose chief mo
tive has been to provide a dining-room
that at once appeals to the artistic taste
of the patrons as well as caters to their
gastronomic sense. The walls and ceil
ing are papered in a deep red. set oft with
dark Flemish oak wood-work, that con
trasts most favorably and produces a
harmonious color effect. The tables and
chairs, the latter being the high back
cane-seated type, conform to the general
style. Three separate entrances, one
through the . hotel office for men, one
through the reading-room for ladies, and
still another from Lick, place giving a
short cut from either Post or Sutter
streets to Kearny-street patrons, all
together form a feature , of convenience
not found in any other dining-room in
town. The place has been undergoing
preparations for several weeks and every
detail of the service has been made per
fect. Before the plans were perfected
the steward, one of the most competent
in the business, toured ; the • East in
search of the most modern ideas and ap
pliances, and under -his direct manage
ment and the general supervision of Mr
Kingsbury patrons. may well *be assured
of securing the best meal a la carte to
be had in town. , .
Amid a profusion of flowers and the
glare of countless electric bulbs in dain
tily formed electroliers, the guests of the
new grill of the Lick House were intro
duced to San Francisco's latest creation
in dining accommodations.
Complete With |3 very
Detail of Service and
Equipment.
The farewell letter mentioned the
names of two prominent citizen* of San
Francisco whom the author accuses of
having treated him badly, and to Bave
them from unenviable publicity the
stenographer refused to disclose the
full text of the ante-mortem communi
cation.
During the dictation the visitor wept
copiously and when the letter was fin
ished and paid for he pocketed it, walk
od out of the office and disappeared.
Then the stenographer notified the po
lice of the occurrence and gave them a
description of the despondent inebriate.
He is about 60 years of age, respectably
attired, has gray whiskers and hair, is
about five feet eight inches In height
and of fairly stout build.
An aged man in an advanced stage
of alcoholism visited a stenographic
agency in the Mills building yesterday
afternoon and dictated a letter in which
he announced his intention of commit
ting suicide last night. The missive
was addressed to a boyhood friend of
the author now residing in South Da
kota, and it requested forgiveness for
the contemplated act of self-destruc
tion and pleaded inability to continue
the struggle for existence as the cause.
Aged Inebriate Employs Stenogra
pher to Write Farewell Letter
to a Friend.
ANNOUNCES HIS INTENT
TO DESTROY HIS UFE
2. To lower the grade at Golden Gate
avenue and Leavenworth street, now
established at 59 feet, by 13 feet, and
establish at 46 feet.
The proposition to reduce the grade
on Golden Gate avenue Is now in the
hands of a committee of property own
ers, who will report its desire In the
matter to the Supervisors' street com
mittee this afternoon.
Grades were ordered established at
certain polnt3 on Parnassus avenue,
Lotta, South Brcderick, Gordon and
Tilden streets and Park Hill avenue.
The roadways of Bryant street, be
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth
streets, and Twentieth street, between
Bryant and York streets, were fully ac
cepted.
An ordinance was passed to print re
ducing the width of sidewalks In the
vicinity of the Southern Pacific term
inals, on Fourth street, from Channel
street southeasterly to the water front,
and on Kentucky street, from Channel
street to Second avenue south, from
19 feet to 15, and reducing the sidewalk
widths on the southerly side of Six
teenth street, between Illinois and Sev
enth streets, from 15 feet to 8 feet; also
that the width of sidewalks on the
northerly side of Sixteenth street, be
tween Illinois street and a point 650 feet
easterly from Seventh street, be fixed
at their present official width of 15 feet,
a'nd from the point named to San Bru
no avenue they be reduced from 15 feet
to 10 feet; that the walk on the north
erly side of H street, from First ave
nue to the Great Highway, be abol
ished.
The. Board of Works was authorized
to expend $2125 for the construction of
a bituminous rock pavement on Du
pont street, between Pacific street and
Broadway.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
submitted a recommendation to the
Board of Supervisors that It would be
to the public Interest to change the
grade on Golden Gate avenue, at its in
tersection with Jones and Leaven worth
streets, as follows:
1. To lower the grad™ at Golden Gate
avenue and Jones street, now estab
lished at 43 feet by 11 feet, and estab
lish at 37 feet.
Lane also advised the Board of Su
pervisors that It has power to pass a
proposed ordinance restricting the
operation of cleaning machines and
engines on the. sidewalks and other
public places. Lane says that the
board's jurisdiction over such public
places can hardly be questioned, and
under ; the police power vested in the
board by the State Constitution and
the charter, it has the right to legislate
upon such subjects.
The report of the Judiciary Commit
tee that the ordinance is discriminating
and therefore invalid because it ex
empts machines used on public work
from its provisions, resulted in the ref
erence of the measure again to the City
Attorney, with a request that he ad
vise as to Its" constitutionality.
The petition v of the San Francisco
Labor Council that the ordinance
granting permission to Archbishop
Riordan, as president of St Mary's
Help Hospital, to maintain a spur
track on Filbert and Sansome streets
to connect with the belt road be re
pealed, was referred to the Street Com
mittee. The petitioner states that two
years have elapsed since the passage
of the ordinance > and, the grantee
thereof has failed to exercise the privi
lege which the Labor Council declares
will be prejudicial to the interests of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters and
kindred organizations.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
yesterday in which that official holds
that the Board of Public Works has
the power, if It sees fit, to Increase the
wages of laborers in the employ of the
city. The opinion is the outcome of a
petition from the Laborers' Protective
Union requesting an Increase of labor
ers' . wages from 52.50 to. $3 per day.
The opinion says:
"The. charter fixes the minimum
wage for laborers in the service of the
city at $2 per day, but also confers
power on the Board of Works to fix
the compensation of workmen under
Its control. Pursuant to power con
ferred upon the Board pf Supervisors,
it passed an ordinance providing that
the minimum wages of laborers shall
be $2.50 per day. Such action of the
Supervisors in so confining their leg
islation to the minimum wage left
room for action by the Board of .Works.
"The Board of Supervisors has
merely fixed the minimum wage and it
Is still within the power of the Board
of Works • to Increase the wage. In
so doing there would be no violation
of the ordinances of the Supervisors
nor of the charter."
The ordinance prohibiting the bribery
of police officers and fixing the penalty
for violations at $500 or by imprison
ment at six months was finally passed.
The amended ordinance regulating
the maintenance of shooting galleries
so as to permit the Golden Gate Club
to maintain an indoor range within the
city limits for the purpose of holding
revolver contests was re-referred to the
Judiciary Committee for the purpose
of redrafting it.
The Board of Work was requested
to inform the board what action, if
any. had been taken regarding the re
quest for a report on the safety of
buildings in Chinatown submitted
three months ago.
Supervisor Corrite presented a resolu
tion asking the Election Commission
to explain why the election booths are
not being removed from the sidewalks,
but withdrew the resolution when he
was informed that the delay was
caused by the necessity of the erection
of a suitable warehouse In which to
store the booths. .."
The board directed the Spring Valley
Company to furnish, not later than
January 5, 1904, an inventory of all Its
properties actually used In supplying
its consumers with water.
The Board of Works was requested
to furnish, not later than February 1.
1904, an appraisement of the properties
of the Spring Valley Water Company
for the purpose of fixing the water
rates thereon.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
took preliminary steps toward the fix
ing of the water rates for the next
fiscal year by adopting: a resolution
calling: on the Spring Valley Water
Company and othjt concerns or per
sons supplying water to the inhabit
ants of this city to furnish statements
regarding their financial operations
and showing the amount of money
actually expended annually since com
mencing business, and also their gross
annual cash receipts.
The petition of the Pacific States Tel
ephone and Telegraph Company that
it be granted an extension of one year
from January 12, 1904, in which to
change the, location, of its wires so as
to comply with ordinance No. 621, reg
ulating the erection of electric poles,
wires, cables and appliances, was re
ferred to the joint Committee on Police,
Fire and Streets by the Board of Super-
says that owlr^to
certain disputes which existed between
ft and its linemen for *«« "J 0^^
it has been unable to finish the wonc
necessary to be done under the ordi
nance This requires that all live wires
S be so far apart on the cross arms
as not to endanger the lives of line
-STSSS^fiSSrlot improvement
Association filed a protest against the
alleged poor lighting service^ the dis
trict named. The association claims
Sat the district Is often in darkness
"Sit the police should be instructed
to report lights that are out. that de
ductions should be made therefor from
the company bills, and it should be pun
ished for violation of Its contract to
Tupper says the police
do report all lights not burning, and
that last month the company's bill was
cut $336, representing 10.026 hours dur
ing which one light would not be
11 The^complalnt of J. L. Emanuel that
the lights on Presidio Heights are sel
dom ift was referred to the Light Com
"We. 6 claim of J. C. Green, a real es
tate expert, on the Laguna survey fund
for $115 23 was ordered paid.
A petition of -property owners that
sidewalks be constructed on Point Lo
bos avenue from Williamson street to
First avenue where they are no al
ready laid was referred, to the Street
Committee. The petitions say that .no
Bldewalk has been laid on the street
for 1800 feet and 250 children attending
the Richmond School are compelled to
walk over the street and thus endan
ger their lives.
A number of revised ordinances to
comply with charter requirements were
finally passed by the board.
Supervisors Direct Cor
porations to Pile
Statements.
Telephone Company Not
Able to Comply With
Ordinance.
Recommends Leveling
Golden Gate Avenue
for Two Blocks.
Lane Says the Board of
Works Has Neces
sary Power. ,
A DINING PLACE OF
RESPECTABILITY
Attorney Aylett R, Cotton, who rep
resents Captain John S. Madden in his
divorce proceedings against Edith
Madden, yesterday secured permission
to take testimony of Marjorie Kirk
patrick, an army nurse, on Thanksgiv
ing day and on each succeeding day
until her evidence is completed. - In an
affidavit filed by Cotton he states that
Miss Klrkpatrick is about to leave for
the Philippines, to be absent for a year
or more.
Suits for divorce were filed by Rosina
I. Starkweather against G. A. Stark
weather for cruelty, Celia Simpson
against John W. Simpson for desertion,
Lillian A. Harron against Ralph A.
Harron for infidelity and Elizabeth
Wedekind against C. B. Wedekind and
Mahallle Ley against J. F. Ley for
desertion.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Annie Hubenthal from
Peter Hubenthal for cruelty, Sol Low
enberg from Lillle E. Lowenberg for
desertion, Henrietta Menges from John
Menges for neglect and Florence Scott
from Irwin L. Scott for desertion.
On complaint of Frank E. Plantt
Judge Graham yesterday annulled his
marriage to Sarah Plantt. Statutory
grounds were urged.
Complaint on Statutory Grounds
Frees Unhappy Husband — Inter
locutory Decrees Granted.
FRANK PLANTT'S MARRIAGE
IS ORDERED ANNULLED
The party from this end of the rail
road system includes General Manager
KruttFchnitt, Chief Counsel Herrin,
Chief Engineer Hood, under whose per
ponal directions the important work
was carried out; Freight Traffic Man
ager Sproule. General Freight Agent
Luce and General' Passenger Agent
Goodman. After a thorough Inspection
of the new route the entire Southern
Pacific party, with the probable ex
ception of Traffic Director Stubbs and
Passenger Traffic Manager McCormick.
•who have business engagements in the
East, will proceed on to this city,
whence President Harriman, accom
panied by General Manager Kruttsch
nitt and Manager Alger, will start out
on a thorough inspection of the com
pany's lines in this State.
A special train, bearing the leading
local officials of the Southern Pacific
Company, left this city at 10 o'clock
this mofning for Ogden, where It will
meet the Harriman special Thursday
forenoon and. as part of the latter, will
make the initial trip with President
Harriman and his friends over the new
Lucin cutoff.
General . Jlanager Kruttschnitt and
Party Leave to Inspect tha
• Lucin Cut-Off.
RAILROAD OFFICIATES
ON THE WAY TO OGDEN
BIRD FAVORS
REDUCED GRADE
PREPARE TO FIX
RATES ON WATER
MAY RAISE PAY
OF ITS LABORERS
ASKS FOR YEAR'S
TIME EXTENSION
The- following named • received diplo
mas: Miss Laura J..Deasy, - Oakland;
Miss Elizabeth Glllon, San Francisco;
Miss Isabel M. Moore,' San Francisco;
Miss Estella V. Ryder, San Francisco;
Miss Helen B. Sarsfield; Oakland; Miss
Helen M. Stack, Ban Francisco; Miss
Margaret Sheehy, Watsonvllle; Miss
Bessie A. Watson, San Francisco.
"I have had doctors preach to me
that when a man is sick and they know
that he Is going to die that It Is mercy
to hasten the end and put him out of
misery. Man's life is God's, and It is
his right to say when that man shall
forfeit his life. I don't know whether
there are many murders committed In
this way, but it is murder. If a man
is to die and the physician thinks that
he has but a week' to live, let it be
left to God to eay when he shall die.
That. week that. he. has to live may
be the salvation of his soul. We look
on the priest and, nurse as ministers to
the body. You nurses take care of the
body and we of the bouL . - ; .
"We feel a kinship because as. long
as soul and body are united- we min
ister together. Be true to your motto,
'virtue alone ennobles.' When you go
home from a case that has caused you
many sleepless nights, if you have re
ceived no thanks for your I work, you
have the knowledge 'that. th?re is one
who has . appreciated that you have
done your duty."' ,:.'., ¦,
"No one knows better than the priest
the untiring devotion that the nurses
and doctors put into their work. Life
is Bacred. Man's life is God's. Man
has no right to commit suicide, has no
right to take his own life any more
than he has the right to take another's,
unless that other has shown that he
has no right to his life.
"The Catholic church looks upon the
trained nurse and physician as apostles.
Your motto is a .grand one, 'Virtue
alone ennobles.' Virtue in its wide
sense means devotion to duty. Any one
that does not fulfill his duty as a man
has no virtue. The soul is the greatest
that is in man. The priest is the min
ister to the soul; the physician the
minister to the body.
"The physician knows that the con
dition of the mind has a great deal to
do with the success of his treatment of
the body. He knows that the priest is
able to give to the sufferer* a peace of
mind that materially assists in the pa
tient's recovery.
"There Is a kinship between the
nurse, the physician and the priest.
You nurses have a very well defined
course before you. Nursing is a pro
fession almost as distinctly defined as
that of a physician. The physician
knows well that a part of his success
is due to the faithful work of the nurse
assisting him.
"If I "Were King," a barytone solo,
was sung by S. Homer Henley in a rich,
voluminous voice. Mr. Henley's effort
was received with so much applause
that he was compelled to render an
encore. He was very ably accompanied
by his brother, Charles Henley.
Archbishop Montgomery ' presented
the young women with their diplomas
and then made an address. In part
he said:
The programme was opened by an in
strumental quartet, composed of the
following named: Flute, J. E. Hax;
'cello, H. Bruenn; violin, H. Seekamp;
piano, Mrs. H. Seekamp. Miss L. Hack
melster, accompanied by Miss L. Ryder,
rendered a vocal solo in fine voice. Dr.
T. E. Bailly of St. Mary's Hospital
made a few remarks on the training of
nurses, their studies, the disagreeable
nature of their work and their untiring
thirst for medical learning.
A violin solo by Nathan Landsberger
was then ably given. Following the
violin solo Dr. George Childs McDon
ald, visiting surgeon to the hospital,
delivered a talk on "Nursing, Past and
Present."
The Maple room was prettily dec
orated with greens and the claes sat
beneath their motto, "Virtus eola nobil
itas" (virtue alone ennobles), strung
In large letters across the end of the
room. The programme was an excel
lent one. At its close, when the young
ladles were given their diplomas, the
audience greeted them with great ap
plause. Dr. Charles D. McGettigan pre
sided.
The class of 1903 of St. Mary's Hos
pital Training School for Nurses held
Its graduating exercises last night in
the Maple room of the Palace Hotel.
It was the first class to graduate pub
licly from that institution.
Nurses of Class of 1903 Grad
uate From St. Mary's
Training School. .
County Clerk A. B. Mahony and his
former chief deputy, John J. McGrath,
have settled the lawsuit in which, they
were principals, and each of them
claims to be perfectly satisfied with the
outcome of the dispute. Mahony gets
$1000 for his interest in the Golden Gate
Bottling Works and McGrath has en
listed a nevr partner in the enterprise.
The case was interesting as a revela
tion of how affairs have been managed
In the County Clerk's office. McGrath
was a blacksniith when he and Mahony
purchased, for 53750, an interest in the
bottling works, each of them putting in
the sum of J1S75. To obtain his share
of the purchase price, Mahony borrow
ed $850 from John E. Macdonald, a
money-lender, on a note which Mc-
Grath indorsed. A couple of months
later McGrath was appointed Mahony's
chief derutv, at a salary of $200 a
month. That was in January last, and
lor eight months McGrath held the offi
cial Job and also acted as manager of
the bottling works. Then he was re
tired for Inattention to duty and soon
afterward Mahony began suit for an
accounting of the affairs of the bottling
works and the appointment of a receiv
er. The case was assigned to Superior
Judge Hebbard's court and on October
12 an injunction was issued to re-
Ftraln McGrath from conducting the
business. Two days later John E. Mac
donald, the man who loaned the money
to Mahony. was appointed receiver and
on October SO McGrath appealed
from the order of appointment and kept
the receiver out by giving a bond. Then
began the negotiations for an amicable
pettlement, which were consummated
Saturday morning.
Mahony's attorney In the case was J.
A McKenna, a deputy county clerlt,
and Alexander McCuiloch was Mc-
Grath's legal adviser. The papers in
the case were kept in concealment un
til yesterday, and In explanation of
that (act Mahony said that he did not
want to have the suit made public un
til his Interest in the bottling works
had been disposed of. as he was afraid
publicity might interfere with a con
templated saie.
McGrath says that every cent of sal
ary he drew for his deputyshlp went
into the bottling business. The United
Brewers hold a $2000 mortgage on the
( stablishroent.
The Santa Fe Railroad Company was
granted an extension of time until April
30, 1904, within which to build a steel
bridge along a portion of Nineteenth
street over its proposed track system
at Indiana street.
The petition of J. C. Bates that the
official paper furnish the necessary affi
davits of the publication of the resolu
tion of intention and notices which are
required by the charter for improver
ment of streets was referred to the
Street Committee.
Bids for printing: the revised ordi
nances were received and referred to
the Printing Committee as follows:
Brown & Power, $1 23V« per page; Frank
Malloye. $2 10; Commercial Publishing
Company, $1 58%; Hayden Printing
Company, $161; James H. Barxy, $119;
Walter N. Brunt. $1 68%; Phillips,
Smyth & Van Orden. $1 18%; William
A. Heister Printing Company, 51 13%;
Recorder Printing and Publishing
Company, $1 58.
"Believing that this law makes it the
duty of the city and county of San
Francisco to provide a place for the
detention of such children, apart from
any prison or police station, we rep
resent that no proper place of deten
tion for such children has been 'pro
vided."
The petition was referred to the Po
lice Committee.
The Board of Works was requested
to grant the permission asked to cer
tain taxpayers who have petitioned to
erect at their own expense a concrete
safety station in the vicinity of Mar
ket, Fourth, Ellis and Stockton streets
similar to the one at present located
near Lotta's fountain. •
Superintendent Lewis of the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society and Secretary
White of the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children, rep
resenting the joint committee on Juve
nile Court, sent a communication to
the Board of Supervisors yesterday,
calling attention to the terms of the
recently enacted law making provision
'for the care of dependent and delin
quent children and particularly to those
sections providing for the care and de
tention of such children under arrest
and prior to the hearing of their cases
by the Juvenile Court. The petition
continues:
Board in Favor of Another
Safety Station on Market
Street.
Interesting Revelation of In
side Working of Clerk's
Office.
County Clerk and For
mer Deputy Settle
Their Suit.
Organizations Ask Su
pervisors to Provide
Quarters.
MAHONY RETIRES
FROM BOTTLERY
WANT DEPENDENT
CHILDREN HOUSED
YOUNG WOMEN
ARE PRESENTED
WITH DIPLOMAS
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1903.
ONE OF THE TRAINED
NURSES TVHO GRADUATED
LAST NIGHT.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r Every school and college!
I appreciates the musical ¦ .
qualities and intelligent I •
construction o! 1
PIANOS J
1 These instruments com- 1
bine to an unvsiial degree 3
musical and architcctual ¦
excellence. Tv 7 : J
&«Son wL
ISOI.E AOEWTS •
(Cnxtu Building-.) 1
16 O'FARRELl STREEF, S. F. I
San Jose. Fresno, Alameda, .8tocktop.^v
¦_;.... ADVERTISEMENTS. f-^
Will more than pay for your Thanksgiving Turkey Dinner. This is how we'll do it:
We've made too many men's business suits in fancy cheviots, cassimeres and worsteds,
and have selected 2000 of our $15.00 suits that will be on sale this week only at
This price ought to look good to you. Come and see these suits. Then you'll agree
that they are the best value you ever saw for the money. We want you to share in the
greatest money-saving opportunity ever presented. It is worth your while — don't miss it.
MILL TO MAN
jki, s-t-rLJiCTDQ BHmW^JBl^^ w w A DIRECT
5lO 518 rl ARKET ST. Montgomery