Sunday Call Literary SectionHoward's letter tells as. much as needs
be told about his experiences in the early
days of his struggles to earn a living In
XVn-A- MAN'S FACfi IN THE" LIGHT.
"If that • is your decision, God speed
you!" the lawyer said, and left the room.
When Jack had forced his way through
the holiday crowds along Twenty-third
street and across Sixth avenue, he did 'not
make any pretense of not looking for
Grace, but with, eager, eyes Scanned the
throng for. her familiar figure. Now that
he had resolved to know his fate he was
almost feverishly anxious . to realize his
hopes or— but he would not admit doubt;
she must love him because, surely the
best ' of reasons, .he loved .her so much!
He saw them approaching, walking more
slowly; .than, usual, . Florence talking ; ear
nestly to 'Grace and he hastened to greet
them., Grace .was, silent . and he saw that
she had : been weepingl ; He looked "from
her to "Florence ¦h»«»»/»hln»lv. And the la*-'
"In the matter of a choice of a wife?"
Jack interrupted, with a smile. "It Is
this: My choice of a wife shall be my
choice— If I am so fortunate as to be ac
cepted. Tou question me at a moment
when I can give a definite answer. \ To
day I shall ask Miss; Paxton to ' marry
me." ' '. ' ¦ . ¦'¦• '" " ... -.-
This determination was very | much in
his thoughts when Mr. Bannister came to
him one day and said, "Jack, your father
and mother will soon be home. What
am I to tell your father is your determin
ation in the matter oi. I" ;.' ; -i~.
. Howard lied to Grace, swore . that ¦ his
temporary difficulty.. was not nearly as
groat as she imagined, laughed at her
fears, and ¦. managed to send the • board
money and sometimes something., more,
though -he went without dinner to do so.
But Grace wap . not wholly beguiled,
though she never. guessed half the truth;
and now bent all her efforts to gaining
an order. from silk or wall paper makers.
How much her mind was troubled nobody
but one ; guessed. : .Jack Worthlngton di
vined more; than even Miss Hartley. It
had become his* almost daily custom to
meet Grace and her. lively witted friend
on their way home from the school and
with the quick' sympathy' of a lover he
saw that Grace was distressed; 'and he
was utterly miserable that he could not
offer aid — could not appear to know, even,
the real cause of her growing sadness.
But. he loved her more. He determined
to end his own suspense and then perhaps
she could be brought to give him the priv
ilege of ending the cause of her unhappl
ness.. . . • . ¦' , -
a field injured for him by his connection
with the Chronicle. . ' • ' • " .
- .Turnbull was wrltjng at the table. "We
must send some 'sort of word to Miss
Paxton," •; he said, -as George continued
his visits to the bedroom, his tramping
about the parlor, ; his, uninterrupted mut
terings.:
"Precious small store of gold and silver
about Howard's pockets," he said, "so
far as I have discovered! .I've a notion
now, Turnbull, that he was harder pushed
than any of us knew. Brass-plated Im
becile that I am! not,to have guessed the
whole truth instead of tht half. Here am
I, a scribbler of doggerel, a- town crier,
making more money than is good for me
while he— oh, if I'd only known!"
"And cut the man's heart out with an
offer of help!" muttered Turnbull, who
was still writing. When- he» finished,. he
showed this letter to, eGorge:
"Dear Miss Paxton:
"If a man will pursue the delights of a
reporter's life he must some time pursue
them out of town, and on short notice, as
perhaps your brother may have told you.
Howard had no time to write to you—
he ran me out . of breath on the way to
the train— but he asked me to attend to a
matter he'd overlooked and I do so by
Bending you ' for him the fifty dollars
you'll find enclosed. I think that his as
signment Is a sensational lot of , ship
wrecks up at the end of Cape. Cod, so do
not expect to hear from him for several
days. I heard at the office . that rail
road tracks and wires - are all down
in that interesting but stormy land.
If I did understand him as to the
amount, be : good ; enough ' to .let
me know,. If 'your holiday plans
require another remittance, as I have oth
er funds -belonging to Howard. Sincerely
yours. . .DAVID TURNBULL." ,
"Well, you're a ; cheerful- and : artistic
liar," George said. . : '• . '
appearances. Make my excuses again and
tell Madge any fib you think of to kedp
her from guessing why I'm. such a bad
correspondent these days. Also do not
be alarmed if I don't call on my regular
days, for my duties here may require a
quick Jump out of town any time.' There!
In a rambling way I've made my confes
sion. But it's not a confession of failure.
Not much! Play ball! Lovingly.'
, . . "HOWARD."
Daisy sank, so that Jack had to support
? T L. "« motioned to the footman who
stood by the open door of th 0 brougham
and the man quickly helped his master
lift Daisy Into the vehicle. "Come Mr
Bunton," called Jack nervously There
was no response nor waa Mr. Bunton in
sight. He hesitated. Other drivers were
noisily demanding the right of way an*
the rest of the party had gone to thk end
of the block for their carriages "To the
Buntons'-and hurry!" he said to the
footman, and entered the brougham. He
pressed a button that flooded the Interior
with electric light, and saw that Daisy
was motionless and seemingly uncon
scious. He had not reached bis « K& -tht3
conspicuously rich New Torker-^lthout
having had some experiences which made
him now consider for a moment If this
?h" ?„«,? t™ 1 *?* devlC6 ' but Abandoned
the thought, seeing that the glrl'a usually
high-colored face was deadly white and
that she was scarcely breathin*. Then
he became deeply concerned— alarmed.
It was but a short trip to th« Buntons',
he thought thankfully, and took the girl's'
cold hands and chafed them vigorously.
They had nearly reached the house when
she opened her eyes, stared at him,
moaned, and closed them again.
They were to return to the Bunton's for
JaJK"* 'a the party'. fi&itoJ
Jack was to carry Daisy and Mr. Bunton
t« 2!i 8 t OM T ?u C . tric brou «&am. the others
to follow In their several carriage*. There
was a crush at the exit. theTassage to
the carriages being half blocked by idler,,
peddlers, newsboys, carriage callers and
pickpockets, whom the police at Intervals
drove away. The men on the box of
£ IL .I***? *? d made a * ulck approach
to the theater front, and he. giving Daisy
his arm. started through the crowd. Mr.
Bunton following close behind. A news
boy a lad with a lighted matcft. making
persistent offer of It. and a peddler, calling
plaintively, "Sea food! Sea food!" blocked
the way. Jack felt Daisy start and trem
ble, and thinking she had been :ostled by
the peddlers, he thrust out a vigorous arm
to clear the path. The movement turned
the sea-food man around, until his smil
ing face, scarred by a number of fresh
scratches, came full under the glaring
electric light. "Don't push me," he walled.
"Seafood! Seafood!"
XVIII-DAIST BUNTON'S DISCOVERY.
Jack Worthlngton continued to look
happy as he sat in one of the boxes oc
cupied by the Bunton theater party that
night. He sat by Daisy, who was very
handsome, and looked so joyous that
others besides Isaac Bunton ascribed a
jouSysSiT*" 811 for *• •**« <* *•
' He wanted to advise her to let him help
Howard. He recalled their talk once
about the false pride of those who would
not take help from even those who cared
for them and wanted to help them. He
ventured: "Can we not arrange some plan
for me to help Howard until"— he began,
but stopped for the look In her eyes.
She did not say anything, perhaps she
could not speak, for the hurt he had given
her. But he saw, without one word be
ing said, that his advice could not take
the shape of an offer of the kind help he
would have - gladly extended to Howard;
that if he did not want to imperil his own
chance of receiving the word he longed to
hear ' Grace .'¦ speak,' ha -'must, respect the
pride . for : her brother he saw shining In
hefeyes." "May I see 'the letter you re
ceived T" he asked. -
In Mrs. Hartley's little parlor she did
tell him. Howard had gone out of town,
the night before, she said. That morning
she had received a letter from a news
paper friend of his, containing a message
from Howard. But the letter was de
signed to .keep from her some misfortune
of Howard's. It was meant to deceive
her, f he had felt sure, as soon as she
read it. Why? Tes, she would tell him
all— because it contained a sum of money,
as if coming from Howard, which she did
not believe Howard could have sent Her
fears aroused, she had gone at once to
Howard's bachelor apartment. She was
told that Howard had not lived there for
months, although he always called there
for. mail. He had done that.
Grace then knew to keep up the decep
tion, and this letter was a part of
the same deceit. Her heart was utterly
miserable. She had been a burden. In
stead of a help, to her brother: and if she
had not been blindly selfish, thinking only
of her own plans, never of his, she would
have discovered the truth before, and
gone to him and shared his poverty, per
haps helped to make It less hard; anyway
been by his side to encourage him. Instead
of burdening him with her selfishness and
extravagance— and she was very misera
ble. Now, Howard was always being ship
wrecked and she did not even know where
his room was, to go there at once, and
live near him and share his lot, whatever
it was; and be there to welcome him when
he returned from his shipwrecks. And
, she was very miserable and it had been a
relief to her to tell her troubles and she
wanted a man's advice and perhaps Mr.
Worthlngton could advise her. . -
Something in her voice exalted the
young man. The crowd, with its thou
sand interests, the busy, the idle, the
hunted, swept and surged about them,
few seeing, none caring, though some
may have mused a moment on one group
of the passing picture, a young man, with
exulting eyes, close guarding a young
woman whose eyes were downcast, and
filled with tears— but not wholly sorrow
ful.
"Will you tell me what makes you un
happy?"
"Yes." .
"No. no, no! Tou must not!"
They walked on for a time In silence.
dose together, so as not to be separated
by the surging crowd; and then, after
glancing at her sad face with a love
In his - own -eyes which she saw. and
sometimes met with her own eyes, steadi
ly, sometimes drooped her eyes before,
he said to h«r gravely, "Will you not tell
me why you are unhappy?" Her eyes met
his again, wistfully, as If It' would be a
relief to. tell him everything, but she did
not speak and he added, "Because I love
you very much and want to comfort you
If I can, to sympathize with you. to help
you— because I love you very much!"
He had forgotten every one of the thou
sand phrases he had thought of to tell
his love; forgotten the time, place, 'cir
cumstance he had Imagined would most
favor his declaration, and In the solitude
of the crowd, unmindful of the world that
pressed them close side by side— or else
would part them— he seemed to be alone
with her, and in homely words which he
had not numbered among all those he had
rehearsed, he told her over and over he
loved her. ' "
"No, no, no!" she»whlspered. "you must
not! I am unhappy! I am unhappyl"
"Not because I say I love you?"
t«r. with a responsive glance at Jack,
said, "I am going to shop; but Grace
Paxton, who has a headache because she
works all day and all night, and worries
the rest of the time. Is going as straight
home as ever was." She gave Jack an
other look as if saying, "and you are go
ing home with her." She avoided Grace's
detaining hand, hurried ahead a few
steps, turned, and said, "Mamma Is to
meet me, so you two go home and have
tea together," and rushed on Into the
crowd. . •
"Dear Grace— I shall certainly punish
you severely— as dear old dad Used to say
when we'd worried him to his wits' end,
but never got the punishment we de
served—If you breathe another anxious
breath about me. I am all right, dear
and we are all right. I'm as lion hearted
as a lion and never doubt that I'll come
bright side up with a smife. Now, after
that boastful language, I feel like a hang
man to have to write in this same letter
that I catnot send a red cent* this week.
Whew! perhaps it doesn't rasp a fellow's
pride to have to say that sort of a thing
for the firsfc time. But as It is the cheer
ful truth and as there's, no earthly way
out of telling it— why. there you are!
But don't you be anxious for old 'Paxy '
a3 I was known in football days to your
youthful rage. Remember?. I never was
a scar at running around • the ends but
at bucking the center, when we simply
had to make a gain, 'Paxy, » you may re
call, was not without hard earned Kudos
"Of course I've , done a lot- of cheerfui
lying to you"ahout my affairs, but you
must forgive that,' because l I had the best
of excuses— I thought I wouldn't be found
out. I've taken a reporter's . place
on the highly ornate,, but low sal
aried, paper whose letter head' I'm
using, but it's only a stop-gap. Turn
bull has been a trump * in showing
me ,the ropes, and -under his advice
I've filled up .the. offices of a dozen week
lies and*: monthlies with -short stories,
poems, Jokes— oh. but I'm" a Joker!— and
about every description '. of 'literary ware.
But one must wait for acceptance— or
rejection— and then most of them pay only
when the i matter, is printed. 'So I must
wait and In the meantime make confes
sion of my bankruptcy.. Just keep your
pre.tty upper.; lip firm and your dimple in
full play, and no one will bo the wiser.
Of- course Turnbull knows, but he is too
experienced to make my, position harder
by offering help. George, I've managed
to keep in ignorance. I think, for If he
guessed, he'd pawn his last possession
and offer me a loan! • Perhaps • George
suspects that I'm not -buying bonds: to
any great extent ; for he's strangely soli
citous about my/ dinners these, days. I
have to . accept more invitations to dine
with him than I want to under the cir
cumstances. In very fear that, if I decline,
he'll guess the truth. He says. that his
people enjoyed very much ; having; you
over ; with them ..Thanksgiving, and ithat
they are going back to the country over
..the holidays and we are to be asked. Tou
'must go," Grace, not" only" because you will
have a good . time, but for . the sake of
"From something I heard to-day,"
Turnbull said, as he gave the letter to
his companion. "I've a strong impression
thnt Paxton reveals In that letter facts
about his affairs which, he has tried to
conceal from his sister. If it Is so. I hope
it need never be. sent. I had good news
to tell him about some of his work— that's
why I followed him." '; •
It was rot strange that' Turnbull. with
his intimate knowledge of Howard's af
fairs and his sympathetic perceptions'
sharpened by his feelings for Grace, had
made so close conjecture as to the con
tents of the letter. Perhaps, had he read
it, he would have known better than an
other, the heart-ache, the bruised pride,
the stormy half-dazed mind, with which
the letter was written in its brave at
tempt to conceal the truh— yet tell It!
This was the letter:' r r
He was silent while George fumed and
fretted and swore; making frequent tip
toe trips to the bed room, and at last
busying himself putting away Howard's
clothing, which had been hastily thrown
about the room. He gathered up a num
ber of things fallen from the pockets,
among them a letter addressed to Grace.
"That's the trouble on his mind," George
said, throwing the letter to Turnbull.
"The poor fellow Is muttering her name,
over and over, in his sleep."
Turnbuil took the letter, laid it on the
table before him, and looked at it a long
time before giving it to George to return
to Howard's pocket. It was a letter
Howard wrote to his ; sister Just before
he started out on the story, Intending to
post it.
'•Nothing of the kind," Turnbull said
wearily. "In the first place we couldn't
get a witness. Even that half-witted sea
food man would not dare tp testify to
what he knows. . A,nd do we want
Howard's eisler to read the story? She
must know nothing If we can prevent It.".
the surgeon returned, which he promised
to do at noon.
Turnbull told George that he had been
at work in his office until nearly mid
night, and then had gone to the office
of the paper oh which Howard was em
ployed to. »ee him about some work he
had" found for him. He learned that How
ard was out on a murder story, and he
(Turnbull) was on his way to the police
station, where he expected to find How
ard, or learn where he was, when he
came upon him in his pitiable plight.
"The dogs!" cried George. "The Sioux!
The thugs! I'll find the murderer who
struck Howard and kill him. My father
himself shall prosecute the ruffian. The
cut-throat!"
"Oh. no!" she cried. "Because he knows
Howard's first thought la always of me!"
"I will see Turnbull," said Jack, "and
learn what I can."
"And find out where Howard's room is,
so that I can move tnto one near his and
be there when he returns."
"And I will come there for you,"
"For me?"
"To take you away as my wife."
"I have not said that I will marry you."
"But you willl"
"No. I shall lire with' Howard and
study and work— design— and help him."
"Howard will be a successful, busy man
and won't want you around him."
"Tou are a successful, busy man."
"I agree to try to be one when you are
ray wife."
"I haven't said that I love you."
"Tou do."
"How do you know?"
"Because you haven't said that you d*>
not."
It seemed only a minute or two later,
but It was really an hour, when Grace
said, "Florence and her mother are com
ing."
"May I tell them?" he ukeaL
"No. I haven't promised."
"Then I shall go." b« laughed, not at
all in the manner of a man wbo«e doubts
had not been removed. When he had
opened the parlor door, he turned hack:
"I'm going to the theater to-night with
the Buntons. It's a theater party, and a
long-standing engagement. If you care,
I'll not go— have an Illness."
"Have a good time." she laughed, and
ran Dast him and up the stairs. collldins;
with Florence, coming down. "Turn
around so that I can see your face In the
light, young man." Florence said to Jack,
who waited for her at the front door. "X
congratulate you." she added, after a
glance at his face. "
"I'm the happiest man In the world*" ha
declared. •- . , %.^ .-„ ; '
"Tou look it." was her comment.
Bhe showed him the letter. Tt kad beaa
written with overmuch artfulness to de
ceive her, but Jack,, reading it, said,
"Surely this is not so hopeless; Howard Is
not In the difficulty you fear. Turnbull
must know."
"He Is trying to deceive me about
Howard, because he " 'She stopped
with a blush.
Worthlngton looked up quickly from the
letter. "Because he loves you." he said.
Although the Bannister family had re
turned to their city home for the winter,
George kept and lived In his handsome
bachelor apartments. There Howard was
taken.' unconscious, but none the" worse
for the trip, the surgeon said. He watch
ed over Howard, resting in George's bed,
while the others talked softly in. an ad-
Joining room,: and; Just, before .-^daylight
reported .that Howard had ; recp,v.er.ejl .con
sciousness and was in a favorable con
dition, but was not to be disturbed until
"I've often heard Harry speak of Mr.
Paxton as the only boy friend he had in
the West, where he was to school. I
wouldn't take ! It." she added, weeping
softly, "only that we are so poor now."
The surgeon returned, saying that an
ambulance was at the door, and a minute
later Harry came back, with George Ban
nister. Th« latter was white and trem
bling with rage— he had forced the true
story of the brutal attack from Harry—
and his torrent of anathemas . was -so
unceasing, so picturesque, so baleful, that
the sureeon more than once looked up
from his . careful preparations to move
Howard to glance at the young man In
surprise.
"Harry?" repeated Turnbull vapuely,
not removing his fixed gaze from (How
ard's face.
"Harry, my hus— the sea-food man, who
helped you."
Turnbull glanced about the room. "We
shall not trouble the police— the vermin!—
about this. There's no trouble for. Harry
there." She was sitting on a trunk, he
on the only chnlr. The bed and a small
cookstove completed the room's furn'ture.
"Will you take th!s for the help Harry
has been to us?" and he gave her a ten
dollar bin.
There were a number of scratches on
the sea-food man's face, which the sur
geon quickly washed and dressed, stop
ping in his work to exam'ne curiously
an old dlmpte-Jike scar en Harry's cheek,
but saying nothing. Th^n Harry hurried
away, important that he was to be a
messenger in this wonderful affair and
to ride in a carriage! "He'll be gone
half an hour, I suppose?" the surgeon
paid. "I can get an ambulance— one off
duty— from Roosevelt Hospital in \ that
time. I served my tim* there."
"Thank you." said Turnbull. "Go to
any expense. You are very thoughtful."
The surgeon went away, and Turnbull
rat by the bedside, murmuring: "Poor
boy! Who Is to tell her? If I had only
caught us with him in time!" He was
staitled out of his troubled thoughts by
Bessie asking tearfully: "Will Harry Set
Into trouble with the police over this?
The doctor said It was a police club
wound."
"Can't the doctor do something for
Harry's cuts first?" asked Bessie timidly.
"I'll hurry," answered Harry excitedly,
changing his apron for an old overcoat;
one too old and torn and stained . to be
pawned.
"It's a bad scalp laceration only, so far
as the superficial wound itself goes," the
surgeon said, "but there are some symp
toms of concussion of the brain." '
"Can he be moved from here?" Turnbull
asked.
"Yes; better now than later— and he
should be. This Is no place for him."
Turnbull called to Harry: "Get in/o
the carriage we came in and go to this ad
dress as fast as you can. Don't come
back without the gentleman— Mr. Georgo
Bannister."
The doctor stepped to the door and mo
tioned to Turnbull. Bessie had quickly
cleared away all traces of the dreadful
work— the blessed work! — and Howard,
his head neatly bandaged, lay on the bed,
¦till unconscious.
"I've got a paper with his father's name
on It." Harry whispered mysteriously, as
if to force himself on Turnbull's atten
tion by startling his mind toward him.
"Do you know a deed? Does a man
listen, Mr. Turnbull— does a man own a
deed that was his father's, when his
father is dead? Eh? I could show It.
too. If it'e any good to him and the po
lice weren't told."
"Listen!" cried Turnbull. "Did he
moan?"
"Who is it?" whispered Nora. "Harry,
tell me, who is in there?"
"Mr. Paxton. Howard Paxton. I know
him."
"So do I." whispered Nora. "He's the
gentleman who gave me the money the
night I wouldn't have had the rent, and
when we had the nice dinner. That was
his. too— the money for that."
"Was It?" asked Harry, quick tears
coming to his eyes. "He was always bet
ter, kinder than other men to me." He
turned again to Turnbull. "Would I have
to go to court if I gave Howard the pa
per I've kept all this time?'
"What paper?" asked Turnbull, but so
sharply that Harry was frightened and
only raid, "I never meant to keep it. If
it's any good to him he can have it. Is
a deed valuable?" • - -.
"Always! Alwaysr Harry cried, eager
to free his mind on this Important sub
ject. "I'm from his home, too I'm Harry
Lambert. I always knew him. He was
nicer to me than any , one else. Helped
me with arithmetic and history."
But Turnbull was again listening for
any sounds from the front room, other
than the quiet even voice of the surgeon,
directing Bessie.
"Find cut for me at least If the man Is
p'fve or dead," he whispered hoarsely to
Harry.
"He's alive," said Harry, when he re
turned to TurnbulL "They shaved the
hair away and the doctor's stitching, and
Bessie——"
"Don't tell me those things, you hound!"
moaned TumbulL "Have you been say-
Ing that you knew Mr. Paxton? How the
devil did rou ey^r know him?"
Turnbull stared, to find the figure In
bed staring at him. "Aren't you one of
the girls who work In the office?" he
whispered.
"Yes, Mr. Turnbull."
"Then what in the name of heaven are
¦yep doing here?"
"She's my sister," Harry whispered.
"She's my sister. Tou know me. You've
written pieces about me— Smiling Harry-
I know Mr. Paxton. He always helped
me at school."
ITs.rry was In a frenzy of excitement
and kept repeating over and over, "We
were boys together; he helped Harry at
school."
Hut Turnbull had forgotten him. the
staring: figure on the bed. even where he
•was. In the eagerness with which he lis
tened for sounds he dreade4,to hear from
ikt> next room.
The poor woman, thinking that the
man's wavering mind had wavered wholly
out. began to try to quiet him. but the
appearance of two men carrying a bruised
and bleeding body between them called
all her woman's sympathies into prompt
and calm play, and without question she
prepared the bed and helped the surgeon
in ways that Turnbull could not. He
turned his head aside, weaker than Bes
sie, when the surgeon began his work,
but Bessie was a quick-witted assistant.
"Is there another room? Can I go
somewhere else— near by— until— for a lit
tle?" Turnbull asked of Harry.
"This way." Harry said, drawing him
to an inner room, where he lighted' the
pa-. Ac he did eo a little bent figure rose
tip In the bed In a corner and asked In a
friphtenod tone, "What's the matter,
Harry?"
Bessie was up. sewing, when Harry
burst Into the room and frightened her,
he looked so wild. 'Howard Paxton!" he
cried. "From my old home. He was al
ways kind to me. Hurry, Bessie! The
bed. Clear the bed. The doctor's coming
licre with him!"
"That's It, then." Turnbull said, as he
helped the surgeon lift Howard Into the
carriage.
or tare what, why Turnbull did not want
the story known; that meant that he
t;< <-d not fear a newspaper "roasting,"
trad to be the subject of that treatment,
especially when the "roasting" was done
by Turnout!, was an experience the officer
pn-atly feared. Thus reassured, he took
cVarge of the situation In a friendly man
ner. "Here, you loafers! Make room
there!" and he prodded the too curious
with bis club. "Give the gent air."
"He needs prompt attention," the sur
jreon said to Turnbull. "Decide quick
where Is to be taken."
"Here's Smiling Harry with the car
riage." the officer said. "If you want to
give Mr. Paxton quick attention take him
to Harry's rooms. They are only In the
nut block."
? "it of the crowd, that In less than a
minute blocked the sidewalk, a man
pushed forward to Turnbull's side and
i-i<;d quietly, "I'm a surgeon."
••'Jutck, then, for God's sake," Turnbull
wild. "Is It a very bad hurt?"
"it's too bad to be properly dressed.
'.k:-«>," the surgeon said after a brief ex
.i'viination. "Have you sent In an ambu
r., ce call?" he asked of the police.
"No ambulance/' Turnbull said sharp-
I; . "Ambulance cases are news stories.
Ttia must not get Into the newspapers."
- J s thought was of Grace.
The guilty police officer sighed with re
\'.<il. There was a reason, he did not know
Turnbull was not listening. "Poor boy!
Peer boy!" he whispered, as he rested
Howard's bead on his arm. "Run for a
carriage. Quick," he said, looking up.
Harry ran to tb© corner nearer Broad
way, and soon returned with a nighthawn
carriage.
'"So aid I." added another officer, who
had quietly crossed the street. "And so
did a dozen witnesses over on the corner.
"You can't make no holler about a police
outrage here."
One of my men?"
Turnbull fell to his kneei by the side of
Howard, lifted his head until he saw his
face and white with rage looked up and
said. "What devil work Is this?"
-He fell, Mr. Turnbull. Honest he did.
Why, these two parties here, Giinny and
this gentleman"— pointing to the thief—
"•j--;iw him fall."
"Well, ret to hell out of here with him."
the offioer said, noticing a man. not of
the neighborhood, approaching. "It's too
bad the gentleman fell and cut his head
en the curb." he added aloud, as the
stranger drew near. The stranger was
attracted by the attitude of the three
znen standing over the body, fallen, mo
tionless, silent. "What U It?" he said,
seeing the blood, dully reflecting a near
by electric light, but not seeing the face,
which was hidden.
"Hello, Mr. Turnbull!" exclaimed the
cflcer, "I'm glad you happened along;.
This Is one of your men, I think. He
slipped and fell, and seems to have a cut.
I wu Just going to ring; up an ambu
lar.ce."
«»» ARRT, frightened and horror
\ dumb, tent over the fallen man
Ij and uttered a piteous cry: "It's
•*• J Howard Paxton!"
•^ "Is It?" asked the officer uneas
ily, for he recognized the name.
It was only a short time ago that he had
Been the name, dally, la his favorite
morning paper.
Copyright, 19C3. by McClure. Phillip* & Co.
Next Sunday, following th© Sun
day Call's Literary policy of giving
Its readers the best and most absorb
ing- novels of the day, "The Golden
Fetich" will be published. The name
alone is something to conjure with.
You'll watch for this story after read
ing the first installment
0
£-p»HIS la the fourth and last in-
I stallmcnt of "Lees and Leaven,"
I which Is E. W. Townsend'B
X latest work, and a book that has
made a remarkable Impression, a
book to be read and reread.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
LEES AND SEAVENTHE SUNDAY C AIjIj.
3
"Too ar* much, better." he laid anx
iously.
She did not speak tor a momont or two,
and then murarured. **Wh© else saw him?
Mother? Father r*
"You fainted. Miss Bunton. The bad air,
and the crowd. Hera wa are at hom*.
Tour mother will ba here soon.'*
Ha helped her Into th* house, Pl"« d
her In an easychalr in the parlor, bril
liantly lighted for the expected guests,
and Bald. "1*11 call your maid, or ,
"No one. Gol" she said to the man who
had Emitted them, and who waited. see-
Ing htr ill. She rose unsteadily and stood
by a table, resting her hand on it until
the servant was gone. "I must speak to
you— alone— before the others come.
She had dropped her cloak In the chair,
and looked very beautiful in rich evening
dress, her face still pale, but her eyes
aflame with such excitement that - he
feared for her reason.
"I bee, Ml«s Bunton, that yooTl let ma
caU somt wonum to help yon. I tninX
you should go to your room.**
She raised her hand lmpatientlyi "We
have only a little time alone. That man!
I want him!" . __,
"Did ona of those men hurt you? ru
have the police— **
"No no I That mast The man who wae
selling sea food. Oh, my Godl Find
him!"
"He "tola from your*
En* shook b«r head a» If she eould not
«peak. her hands at her throat .;. .¦- >.
"Mies Bunton. I am seriously alanneO.
Tou munt let me ¦**
"Never mind mar she Interrupted,
¦peaking rapidly, now, but hoarsely.
"Listen to me, I muit know where that
man Is. Find him for ma I"
Worthington was shocked. He could
only believe that the girl was distraught;
and considered If It was not his dutv to
call a servant, though she forbada J*™
"Will vou find him. Take me to himr
"That man." he replied, epeaking quiet
ly. "Is a common fellow Tve seen at
times, as w« saw him to-nlrht If he
did nnt hurt you, or try to steal from
you. Miss Bunton. I shall not find him,
for there can be no purpose In my doing
so Your condition distresses me, and I
wish you would let me call your maid."-
In his real concern his voice had grown
kind. She had never heard that tone In
it. and tears came Into her eyes. She
spoke more calmly In reply, but with an
Intense earnestness. "Of course, you
don't understand— I must make you un
derstand. I am not Insane, as I see that
you think I am. Mr. Worthington. It Is
not to have that man punished—I—I—be
lieve me. I want to see that man— to
know where he is. Is it not for you to
know only that? Find him for me!"
"Miss Bunton. I can't do this for you.
I am compelled to say that you can't
know what you as* of me.^ That low,
common feUow cannot be^ "
"Stop! Stop! I'll tell you. Y\\ tell you
the reason." '
She etrode the length of the room, her
iiands to her temples: returned and stood
close to him. looking Into his eyes as she
spoke:
"Mr. Worthlneton. they— I know
wanted to make you marry- me— I know.
No. don't stop me now. I'll tell you!
You have not cared for me— you hated me.
Now learn to pity me. That poor man!
Find him for roe. please!"
"You have not explained."
"But you will do that It is a small ser
"A service I cannot undertake, if at all.
Trtthout the knowledge of your
That man can be nothing to you."
"He Is everything to me!"
"What Is he to you?"
"Now you hate me again. Listen, then!
He is my husband, and I love him!"
Worthlngton's mind was staggered. In
stead of the woman's startling statement
confirming his first Impression that she
was distraught It began to dispel that be
lief: for there was the manner of truth
about her now; 6he was outwardly more
calm and recoverlns from the shock that
had at first paled and drawn her face,
and shot her eyes with wildness. She
, might be mistaken, but he no longer
I thought her Insane— and was startled the
"Your husband!" he gasped.
"My husband! We were married more
than two years ago. They sent him away
from me! Tricked him away! They told
me he was dead. But I never believed It
I never believed It!" and she struck her
breast violently.
"Is it not probable that you are mis
taken—you saw him but a moment"
"No! No. not mistaken!" she cried. "I
would have recognized him In heaven or
bell, as I did there— positively: In an In
stant! Oh, find him for me!"
"Why is It not better that your father,
rather than I. should do that for you?"
"No, no. no! He would send him away
again. He Is accused— It is a wicked lie!
MrT Worthington." she added rapidly, as
If a new thought had suggested to her
why he hesitated to help her. "think as
meanly of me as you like, but not that I
under any circumstances would have
wronged you by marrying you. Even if
they had dragged you to consent to ask
me to be your wife I should not have let
you remain Ignorant of who I am — what
I am. Don't think that of me. Pity me—
and help me. Oh, did you see his poor,
scarred face! You are a man; I am not
asking an unmanly thing of you. Not a
thing a brave man cannot do for a wom
an. Help tne!"
"I will help you," he said, his blood
rising In his face. "First tell me, did he
recognize you— It will prove that you can
not be mistaken— did he recognize you?"
"Yes!" she whispered, a wonderful
change softening her face. "He knew me
—because h« smiled at me. Did you not
see him iznlle? I tried to speak; to call
out 'Harry,* when he smiled at me. but
my brain reeled, and before I could speak
we had started."
Worthington was silent for a little, and
then eaid. "I will bring you his address
In naif an hour," and he started for tho
door.
"Thank you." she sald« and she touched
his hand, not offering hers. "But do not
go— eend. The others are coming. They
would ask questions. Send. There is writ-
Ins material on the desk In the next room,
there. You will keep my secret for the
present?"
"I will."
Daisy went to receive the guests, and
Jack wrote this note, addressed to the
police sergeant of his home precinct
whom be knew: "Dear Sergeant:
Please learn, and send to me by the
bearer, the address of a theater district
character, called in newspaper stores
•Smiling Harry.* He Is a peddler of 6ea
food."
Jack addressed the note, gave It to his
footman to deliver, and Joined the other
guests at aupper, loklng so conscious of
his secret that It was the general opinion
at the supper table that he had devised
his early return to the house with Daisy,
for the sentimental reason suggested by
his happy bearing In the early part of the
evening. A telephone message from Isaao
Bunton explained his absence— an unex
pected meeting with some Western
friends at the theater exit detained him.
After supper, and in the confusion of gen-
era! departure, his servant gave Jack a
note. He glanced at It taw that It con
tained an addrees, and. gay* It, unnoticed
by the rest, to Daisy. ; X -^
XIX- THD SEA FOOD MAN'S BISEL
Isaae Bunion had Beta I the sea-food
TTinn Just when Daisy did, and h* had
been nearly as much affected. For a mo
ment h* did all but lose consciousness,
and saw nothing of the glare of light and
color, and the confusion of motion- about
him. •• His first impulse, when ha was con
scious of any,, was to stize Harry, but
when he looked around him the polios had
roughly shoved the sea-food man out of
tho way of Mr. Worthington, and that
gentleman was helping Daisy into j the
brougham. Bunton broke through the
crowd, circled It, hurried from corner to
corner, but the white-aproned peddler was
nowhere to b« seen. Harry, more -afraid
of tha police than ever, since the experi
ence of the night ' before, when he had
witnessed the assault en Howard Paxton,
now cunningly concealed himself In the
black shadow of a deep hallway, until tho
officers .who had . hustled him out of the
crowd should have moved on. But a
greater fear seized him there, a f e»r that
dazed and shook him; he saw his old em
ployer—from whom h* had stolen money
saw him searching for some one— for him.
Harry had not seen Daisy.
Bunton, trembling /and half stunned,
wandered about the streets aimlessly for
an hour before he thought to telephone to
his wife an excuse for his absence from
supper. Then, not daring to face her in
quiring eyes, the questions she would be
sure to ask about his haggard looks, went
to a hotel. But he did not. sleep in the bed
room v he hired, nor at all that night His
affairs were approaching a crisis In 'Wall
Street: he would soon make or lose a for
tune and he had come to recognize, in the
past few-weeks, that the chances were
much against him. The marriage of Daisy
to young 'Worthington and the. absorption
of the Bunton mining property ji by the
Worthington Interest at Burito'h's own
terms, meant his financial salvation.. But
Daisy had seen and recognized her hus
band In the sea-food man! She had
fainted at the door of the" carriage.. where
the sea-food man stood. That' told the]
story; ended Isaac Bunton's* hope of help
by the marriage. Morel Could he now
undertake the desperate hazard of selling
the land— with Harry Lawton alive? Cer
tainly not unless he could buy Lawton
off: make sure about the deed and destroy
it if In existence! Would he do It? Could
he do It? He asked the question a thou
sand times and for far Into the night the
only answer was, "If you do not— Ruin I
Ruin of your fortune, hopes, . ambitions,
reputation!"
Who was Howard Paxton that he was
to be considered? Must he be given the
property for which his father had paid
what now would not be a month's Income
on Its value? Had not Isaac Bunton done
much for Dr. Paxton — secured him office,
promoted his political designs at cost of
time and money? Men had paid as much
as five thousand dollars for an office, no
more desirable; arid was Howard Paxton
to realize from his father's loan— "I have
a right to consider It only a loan." he
thoucrht— was Howard to realize from that
"What did you say, captain?" 'he'; asked,
after the captain- had been at work for
five mlnutts on his reports. V. ' :' •
"You needn't tell me anything.-. I was
saying, unless you want>us* to take up
the case. If you do, tell m» enough for
me to know what we're working dn," the
captain* said. ¦ •;" " fti
"The young woman— I think— Is - my
daughter." -.v.fV [;';)
"But— they, are married."
IS BQ6 Of &£G? v *
"Oh, yts!" T ".\
This Information seemed to -give the:
captain excuse to return to his reports,,
and he did so. Isaao Bunton . wiped his :
forehead, looked out Into , the • dismal ;
street crowded with children of the tene
ments so young, so cold, so thin, so.
poorly fed, and so frequently under ! the:
wheels of passing teams that not one of
them seemed destined to become \ofi age,
or to have any one at all concerned over
that remote possibility. But neither the
scratching of the captain's pen' nor- the
shrill squeals of the children helped' Mr.'
Bunton to think; and. It was a long time
before he said slowly, "Yes, she is of
age, and they were legally married. I
may learn more when -I go -home; but I.
should like— If my wife doesn't know
where they are— to see that man. As soon>
as possible." ->* " -»
"I guess there'lUbe no trouble to locate;
him, Mr. Bunton."' All? mY ¦ men, . and \ a'
great many patrolmen, knowjhlm.v He's
easily,, identified, anyway." .V .' '" r7 - ¦ * .
j "Thank you. Shall I call here 7" .
"If It's convenient for you on y<?ur way
to your office. Or I'll report to you."
\. "Thank you." • 4-f
V' M Ypu'll i e t n, ft ]( now if you hear/ any
thing—at home— that will help U3."*j"'- •''.
VI -will, .Captain. Thank you/'; and
Isaac Bunton slowly left the officer look
lng;;years .older than he had the night be
fore.-.when he went to the theater'party
..w.-hiph; he: hoped might end in a way to
f end;'$also, his troubles. • j 'J'\- S
The- shrewd Captain of Police ¦¦> was
wrong 1 ;; there was great difficulty 4n ; lo
cating the seafood man. Weeks went, by,
!, and: no -trace of him was found byvthose
'.who searched. They lacked the right
clew; they had no hint which would 'send
£ them In search of a rapidly rising star in
'jthe comic opera world: a star polishing
' her brightness in the rough workshops of
¦ small towns, before flashing it on Broad
way; a newly discovered star named on
the bills of the play, "Marguerite Boyn
ton." The dapper little fellow who hov
' ered about her, in and out of the theaters,
happy surely In this restoration to such
bright and , Joyous surroundings— for he
smiled always— he could have told. If be
would, of Smiling Harry, the seafood
man. . . '~'
XX— CALEB BANNISTER ON THE
TRAIL.
Another man. more Important than
Isaac Bunton, was seeking Harry Law
ton; a man whose appearance , in the
case increased the Interest of the captain
of detectives measurably. This was Mr.
Caleb Bannister, chief adviser of the
Worthington interests, and a man in
whose behalf the Captain had done much
work; little of which was known to the
public and little of which appeared on
the re'eords of the Police Department
"Dld you get any notion of why How
ard • should go to bis assistance ? It was
a. rash thing, tor do." -
''Oh. let m« •eel" George replied, trying
to remember. _"Th* ! foolish fellow said
that he. went 'to" school with Howard, and
he said something — harped on some
¦ "About ¦ a— a** ¦ •
"About a deed V the lawyer asked, with
such- unusual -eagerness that bis , son
looked at him in surprise, and answered,
"Surely I «You'rt a mind reader, father.
That was it." , - ;
"And' what did he say about a deed?"
"Why. . dad. : I can't recall. % I think _he
would have said more— it was on our way
to his rooms, where Howard was then —
If I'd not threatened to throw him out of
the carriage if he didn't stop his chatter."
The lawyer, groaned. "I wish, my son,
you had some of your father's command
of 'temper." ¦ .
"And listen to a half-witted tea-food
man's prattle?" ''
• "You'll learn more by listening than by
talking." £
Htre a servant brought in the card of
David Turnbull. "Admit him," Mi. Ban
nister.' said quickly.
"Well, Turnbull. how ar« my honest
friends Carson-'and Faulkner?" he asked
when the reporter entered.
• "Both of those honest gentlemen are
prospering, ".Turnbull 'said gravely. "And
they are possessed by a great dcs.re that
I should obtain your views . on the pro
gress of the Iron f combine. It seems that
the- street is much disturbed in its own
mind by the hitch In negotiations, and is
torn by conflicting, rumors as to the
cause."- : ; ¦ \ : . .
"Dear me!"- exclaimed th* lawyer. "I
should be cruel, indeed,- if I withheld any
Information that might allay the fever of
the, street, .<What are the rumors?— that I
may talk intelligently." . »
"For Instance, that one isaae Bunton?
one of the Western plungers, is In a con
spiracy to hold up the interests you repre
sent and is elylnjc you trouble."
"Isaac Bunton? Now, would he be the
gentleman hailing from White River?"
Mr. Bannister asked, as if not quite cer
talnwho Isaac Bunton might be. !
' ."The same," Turnbull answered.
"Well, of course. If I have anv Infor
mation deeply affecting the Interests I
represent' I could not bear to withhold it
from my • honest - friends Carson and
Faulkner, no matter how much it might
injure my clients to disclose their plans."
"Of course not." Turnbull said, bowing
gravely. "I took the liberty :o say as
much when I was asked by your honest
friends to interview you. Seriously, Mr,
Bannister, is there any UiformaUon you
care to make public, as on authorized
statement, or otherwise?"
"There may be. Turnbull. Let me con
sider a little. In the 'meantime I must
tell you how distressed I am to hear of
our young friend Paxton's mishap."
"A bad business, sir. But by to-morrow
I shall, with the surgeon's permission, tell
him the good news I wanted to tell him
the night he. was hurt"
"That will hurry his cure, no doubt By
the way, have you spoken to him about
the curious claim the man— what's his
name: Harry Lawton— makes, that they
Isaac Bunton, and Isaac Bunton alone, to
have been killed more than two years ago,
and on the day Harry Lawton left Bun
ton's office for the last time Dr. Paxton
drew $5000 from a. bank, and on that day
he' visited Bunton's office, as his memo
randum book shows; and on that day
Bunton closed a deal In plgiron which we
have found out he had been trying for
several days to close. Harry Lawton.
Harry Lambert Um! A deed? Show the
gentleman in." this to the servant who
brought the captain's card. -
"They caught me by 'phone at the
twelfth precinct and I drov» right ov«r
here," the captain said.
"Hope I didn't take you away from any
Important business, captain." the lawyer
said, shaking hands cordially with the de
tective and offering him a cigar as he
motioned him to a seat They had often
conferred, these two men.
"A matter of no importance at all, only
it has riled my temper and I've been read-.
Ing the riot act to the plain clothes men
of that precinct Here I am. asked by
a gentleman to locate a well-known char
acter, and I say It will be no trouble to
do it, but I slip up. Why, if my ten-year
old boy had been sent out to locate Smil
ing Harry, the sea-food man. and didn't
do It In half an hour. I'd spank him; but
these plain clothes men have been potter
ing around like a lot of— what's the mat
ter, governor?"
They had talked together in low tones
and with deep, concentrated Interest for
half an hour, and then each sank back
In his chair and regarded the other
thoughtfully through clouds of smoke
from freshly lighted cigars.
"And you say, governor," the detective
at last asked, with a perplexed manner,
"that you cannot account for young
Worthlngton's asking for Smiling Harry's
address the very night before Bunton
asks me to find the party."
"What I say .s that I am almost posi
tive that it had nothing to do with this
suggestion of a deed. I can imagine a
reason: he was at a theater party with
the Bunions that night— my wife" was of
the party at my request— and the girl.
Miss Bunton, may have seen her hus
band. Smiling Harry, on the street and
asked Jack Worthington to find him for
her."
"That sounds like mighty good reason-
Ing, governor."
"But of no Importance as I can see, as
we already know that the fellow disap
peared the next morning with Miss Brun
ton—or his wife, Mrs. Harry Lawton, as It
seems safe to call her."
"Governor," the captain said, after^ a
pause, "I guess the detectives out th'ere
in White River are not a strictly first
class article."
"But we've had our men at work out
there." x
"They didn't work with all the N Infor
mation we have now. I'm feeling like a
few days oft on sick leave— I'll take them
in White River."
A week later the captain called on' Mr.
Bannister, and gave him the result of his
visit to the old home of the Buntons and
Paxtons. It did not seem to be very Im
portant, only that the captain had found
a man named Dan Mannlx, formerly em
ployed by Isaac Bunton, who recalled
tut Harry Lawton, when he last left
Bunton's office, had said to him, Man-
pleasanter— to you. So Miss Paxton has '¦
consented to make you happy?"
"She has, sir," he replied, radiantly.
"I hear a good . deal of th« Paxtons
through my children. The young man has .
good pluck." '
"Indeed he has. And she is as brave i
as he la. I consider that If I have no
other good fortune in life than to win har -
for a wife, I've had my share— more than
I deserve!"
The old lawyer smiled at the eagrsr
youngster, and said, "It is a good thing
for a woman to be so loved— and for a
man to love so. Does the lady give you j
hope of an early marriage?"
"She talks of years! She wants to stand
by her brother until he's well I enough j
established to marry, and have a horn*,
of his own!" • •• . -
"And then— sooner or later— she will
make you happy?".:
"She has : promised. If It were not for
their. prlder— " i
"Yes,- I, know," Mr. Bannister inter
rupted, -a'-little hastily. "If it were not
for their pride the brother would not ob
ject to prosper by means of a rich
brother-in-law. That wouldn't do. Not
do at all! I like his pride."
' "So do I— at the expense of a great daal
of patience." Jack laughed on his way
of the outer room, but before be reached
the door a clerk entered with a telegram.
Mr. Bannister glanced at the message. I
wrote the word "Yes" on a blank and I
told the clerk to hurry It off. ". ..':. I\
"You will find the study of plant life.** h
he said to Jack, as he walked toward the 1
outer door with him, "an aid to the un- K
derstandlng of certain human abnormali- W
ties. Now. I must be off for an engage- Ii
ment" ' I
The telegram he had received read: I '
"Bessie Day has bought a ticket for a I
train that leaves In an hour by the New ft
York, New Haven and Hartford. Can you E
go with me?" Eg
*' XXIV— THD CHASE ENDED. Ji
Bessie Day had been shadowed by the 1 1
police for many weeks, and when she I
went to the Grand Central station and k
bought a railway ticket her shadow tele- Di
phoned the fact to the captain of de- W
tectives. He hurried to the station, to
learned that Bessie's train would not B
leave for an hour, and notified Mr. Ban- W
nister of the situation. a
It was In the middle of the afternoon ft
when the tralnireached Hartford, and m
Bessie started off briskly, followed by the m
captain and the lawyer. She went at H
once to the theater, spoke a word to a fa
man in the box office, -and passed In. rj
The captain bought two tickets for the W
matinee performance going on. and they F
followed Bessie in. The chorus was on I
the stage, with some minor people, but n.
Bessie watched the chorus only, for she II
and some others of the newly engasrjd II
were there for that purpose. The cap- JV 1
tain watched Bessie. He seemed sur- IA
prised. She had Joined some other women ft,
and was talking over the work going on uk
upon the stage, in a manner too profes- W
sional to suggest that she was there in ¦
search of Harry, or expected to see tho a
woman who had stolen him from her. B
But when a little later Daisy came on j
the stage. Bessie started violently, and I
half rose from her seat She sank back. V
and her companions questioned her, but 01
the wealth and position now all but se
cured by Isaac Bunton: only needing this
land to be secured absolutely? , L 5
So all through the night he Juggled with
conscience and took advice with the devil.
Yet when morning came he was not-de
termined—so he told another Isaac Bun
ton who once lived on a farm and scorned
lying and falseness-rnot determined yet
to rob. But he would find Harry Lawton
and learn if the deed had been kept all
this time, and If lost, destroyed— why,
then he would consider.
.He breakfasted early, for he was eager
to- have the police find Harry for him.
He went down toward police headquar
ters, but it was so early he feared that a
call at such an hour would suggest to the
police more importance to his business
than he wanted to appear. So he went to,
his office and forced himself to wait there
for an hour. At headquarters he sent his,
card to the captain of detectives and was
at once conducted into the presence:, of
that official. "Captain," he said, and
though he tried to speak In a carelosa
voice the Captain looked up sharply— and
then looked away— "I want to be put Into
communication with a peddler of crabs
and such like, I saw near one of the thea
ters last night." . V~~ . ;
"Chap with a smile— always smiling?"
the Captain asked briskly. ,'
"Smooth face, white apron, basket cov
ered with a towel, cries his wares, 'Sea
food!' Is that about the description?"
"Precisely, as I remember."
"Not much trouble about that." the Cap
tain said, drawing a desk telephone to his
lips. He asked the Information
Bureau in the same building for a
connection and it was made with
surprising speed, and then he tele
phoned: "Sergeant, send a man out and
locate Smiling Harry. Be lively; party
is waiting here. You know the place,
ch? Well, send a man around there to
see If Harry is at home."
He shoved the instrument to the back
of his desk and said to Mr. Bunton, "He
lives only a block or two from the
Twentieth Precinct station-house. I'll
have word in a few minutes."
"As this matter is not quite In your
line. Captain — that Is, not criminal — I'm
disposed to pay for any trouble," Mr.
Bunton said.
"No trouble at all, sir," the captain re
plied, smiling, and turned to a pile of
papers. In less than a quarter of an
hour there was a ring at the call bell,
and when the captain caught the first
word through the telephone he nodded to
his caller, as If saying, "Here we are.
Quick work, eh?" ;H i"
He did not speak a word through the
instrument, but listened to what seemed
to his caller a long report. Then he said
to Mr. Bunton, "The party you inquire
for is not at home. I can give you his
address,* but I should tell you that it is
not likely that you will find him."
"Why not?" Mr. Bunton asked, in a
sudden fear the captain mentally noted.'
"Perhaps you can tell me that better
than I can tell you. But I don't ask -you
to tell. It's not Harry's habit to leave
his rooms before dark. But ° this morn-
Ing, a few minutes before the officer
called, he left his rooms. As he reached
the sidewalk a cab drove up. a stylishly
dressed woman got out of It, called to
Harry, who was nearly In a faint at see-
Ing her, they kissed each other, she
nearly dragged him into the cab, and
they drove off. The officer got the story
quickly and easily from a woman named
Bessie Day, living at the same address,
' and who was enough interested to rush
out of the house and run after the cab
until she dropped in a faint I'm sorry
to see that the story distresses you, Mr.
Bunton, but I supposed .you'd want to
know It I don't ask you to tell me what
the case is. but if you care to do so, I'll
do what I can for you."
Isaac Bunton was staring at the speak
er, not half understanding what, he -said
after the words "a stylishly dressed
worfcan." That told him too much!
The entrance of Mr. Bannister Into the
case, which now greatly interested the
Captain, came about through the fact
that the lawyer had a son who was
highly impulsive, and strongly emotional.:
The recovery of Howard Paxton was
rapid; a few days of careful nursing and
rest had him so much restored that the
surgeon said he mighttdo some writing.;-
A. little work, he sald/would do" the pa^ ;
tient less harm than the worry over not
working; and a few - days more found
Howard sitting at George Bannister's
desk,<;hard at work, and- delaying his
departure from his friend's rooms only
thathe'mlEht not be seen by Grace with
a bandased head, and therefore nave.- to
give, explanations, whjch, would -overturn
the pretty story; /Turnbull/had- Invented of
a-tflpYi^ stormy Cape . Cody Howard had
been v^informed' pti that story .(but not
of ¦the\ remittance ofj-money). . and.
read 'J up a "little on:- l-the . topogra
phy of the Cape.- and/ nhe .aspects of
Provin'cetown ,-;in. ; ,-winter, -. ' that .: he
might give, verisimilitude to the accounts
of .his supposed. Journey. /George^Bannis
ter was an untiring nursefand delighted
in the rapid recoveryvof. hiiT guest; but his.
stormy heart was ln'rebettfon against the
advice of Turnbull that no-.actlon; be ta
ken to punish' the thug inr police uniform
responsible for .^Howard's injury,;. What
troubled- young "Barinister> heart; showed;
in his face, andon his. visits home every
member of. the family saw; at once that
he was concealing something, which, they
knew from experience, . ( he % would reveal
sooner or later. .-••'•...
"Father," he said, one evening, when
he had contrived to be alone with him,
"I have something; to. say to you."
"So I have seen.-my boy. ¦ Is it money?
Your allowance has accumulated for a
year now. Don't let your pride bring you
a fall."
"My pride and purse are all right," the
youth answered, smiling. "I told you that
I would prove myself capable of support
ing a wife, and I've done so."
"You have, my boy, and I'm proud of
you, rather.- I dare say I'd be so wholly
If I quite understood your means of live-,
lihood."
"You're making fun of me, dad."
"As I understand . in it seems to be a
subject for Jest. However; we'll be seri
ous. You know, of course,, that it's not
a question of. your ability to make a liv
ing that stands between you and Gert
rude; it is Mrs. Marble's obstinate Insis
tence upon— but you've heard all that.
Now, I'll tell you something which may
please you; a certain business point about
which Mrs. Marble and I differed will
Boon be developed. in a way which will
convince even her that I was right in the
matter of our difference and when : she
admits that, why, I siippose^-eh !'* ' ...
George had Jumped to his feet, kissed
his father, rushed Into the adjoining room
and surprised his mother, and sister, In the
same way, tore back to his father,, raised
both hands aloft, and exclaimed.'-"Ger
trude! horizon of. my hopes and'.happi
ness; angel of my heaven: casket; of the
Jewels of my heart's soul; I love her.
Now, dad. .I'll tell you something that's
troubling me." '•
He told his father the whole ¦ story of
Howard's misadventure and concluded,
"And now what can we do to punish that
hideous animal, that worse than brute,
that Ravage beast unchained?"
"Meaninsr?" " « '
"The policeman." ¦
"As to him," Mr. Bannister replied In' a
manner George thought unsympathetic,
"Turnbull's advice • may be right.'. Per
haps" we should only ventilate a 'matter
very painful to Miss Paxton, without con-;
vlcting Howard's assailant. I will consult
with the . Commissioner, - and If anything
can be done, will do it Butvlet meask
you ; what was the ' name, did you say, of ;
that curious ; character ' Howard ; tried ' to
protect?".. .
"Smiling Harry." » V -
"You: mentioned a* full • name - In : your
story."/ ¦ . - .-¦: -.•¦¦¦. :-' r: - : ~ •¦¦¦
"Did I? Oh, yes, Harry Lambert." •
. "Did : you . say . Harry . Lawton ?" . • ; v
"Harry Lambert"
were schooueliows.' >
•"Not Lawton. Lambert. No. I asked
Ho'ward If he knew the fellow. He said
that when he went to help him be thought
he knew him. but that. « as a mat
ter of fact, the school acquaintance he
thought he recognized In the sea-food man
had been dead for a couple of years or
• *- "Did Howard mention the. name of the
"dead friend who looked so much like the
¦ sea-food man?"
. "He did not; and the subject disturbed
Howard so much that the surgeon for
bade us to mention It again." ¦ •
"Of course it has occurred to your mind
that the fact. that the man, Lawton "
"Lambert, sir." '
* "To be sure, Lambert. The fact that he
claims to be an old acquaintance of
Howard's suggests that Howard may
have been mistaken in supposing some
one to be dead. Rather suggests a mys
tery, eh?"
•"Oh, the sea-food man will suggest you
any kind of mystery you want. He raved
to me about a deed In which Howard
would be Interested."
. "Rather a droll ¦ fellow," Mr. Bannister
said. "What of a deed? George men
tioned it, also." "
"As I recall." Turnbull said, thought-,
fully, "he said that he had— no, he
said ". .
"What did you say, Turnbull?" the law
¦ yer asked as the other hesitated.
"Ah, yes! now I remember. He asked
"That Is, Lawton asked?"
"Lambert asked," Turnbull continued,
smiling, at the other's confusion as to the
sea-food man's | name. "Lambert • asked
me— now, sfr. jny reporter's brain is at
work. I can recall any language that I've
heard used, until I've written it down.
Then . It passes from my mind. . as If my
mind were a slate from which a penciled
record were erased." V -7"«~V ".." •
"Very Interesting problem : Involved
there. Very. Were you saying that "
"That that poor fellow, Lambert, .said
\to me, 'I've got a paper. with his father's
name on it.' "
"Meaning Howard's father?"
'•Yes. sir. Then he said— Lambert said—
'Do you know a deedJ^Does a man own
a deed that was his'ifather's, when his
father Is deadT Hot was in a frenzy of
excitement and : probably dlft not know
what he said." .
"Very likely." Mr., Bannister said, seem
ing to tire of the eccentricities of the sea
food man. ¦:•. ¦,¦' .- ,n\ .
"Can you give me , anything to print T'
Turnbull asked. > . ; .
. ."Pardon me," the lawyer said, "I'd near
ly forgot the purpose of your visit. Really
there's nothing .to say at this time— at
I least as coming from- me. But I don't want
your. call : to .be" without results.- -.You
might report that it's said on good author
• lty, but not mentioning me, ¦ that recent
developments: lead the interests which
have been trying to secure certain mining
. lands in the Iron ore country, to believe
.that the - title ,- to : the land Involved Is
• faulty, and— but dress It up to suit your
self.-. You have always been clever about
such things." | . j •
"Thank you," Turnbull said, rising to
go. .-"And your honest. friends Carson and
¦Faulkner will thank you.". ,_-• •
'.'Give them my .¦¦; compliments/; I say,
.Turnbull, did ] you ever experiment - in
bleaching celery .-for -Christmas eating?
No?. You would enjoy the study of- plant
life, I Bhould think. Good night. George,
show Mr. Turnbull out and go out with
him, . if you are disposed . to take. the air,
¦ for I have some work to do."- /
As the door shut on the young men the
lawyer -stepped- briskly: to the telephone
and." called up 'police .headquarters.
"Wherever, - the- captain of detectives Is
have him call at once at .the residence of
Caleb . Bannister.'* ¦ . "Certainly,'- sir." •
: Then: he , returned ' to : hii ; chair ¦ and
mused: "Howard said he mistook . the
: man . to ' whose assistance , he went for : a
/-man who has • been ; dead more ; than . two
years. Harry Lawton- was reported by
nix, "I'm going to dt. .raxion s nouse
¦with a paper the doctor forgot." Also the
captain found the Paxtons' servant girl,
and she was sure that Harry Lawton had
not called at the doctor's on the after
noon in question. She was sure, because
the local police had questioned her about'
all of the callers at the house on that
day— the day of his death— and If Lawton
had been among them she would remem
ber It.
But the present the captain received
from Mr. Bannister for bringing this in
formation was not email or unimportant.
"And now, captain," the lawyer ..Bald,
"we must locate the sea-food man." ; .
"Oh, I'll take that matter Into my own
hand, governor. I've got Bessie Day lo
cated already— the fools had let her out of
sight!"
"Bessie Day?"
"Yes, sir. A woman in the case. When
there's a woman In the case, wise detec
tives don't look for the man they want;
they keep track of the woman."
"Ah, I see! Captain, I've often urged
you to take up the study of plant life.
You'd enjoy.it. Good day to you."
XXII— THE CHASE BEGUN.
Jack had at last secured Grace's defi
nite promise to marry him, and it wa3 his
duty to impart that news to Mr. Ban
nister. Ur. Worthington Sr. and his wife
Had delayed their return; his health did
not Improve as much as was expected by
the physician accompanying them, and a
longer stay had been made in Mediter
ranean ports. But now the return was
definitely announced, and Jack went to
the lawyer to tell him that the will could
be changed as ordered.
"We'll take a little time to explain
things to your father, first," Mr. Ban
nister said with a faint smile. "Perhaps
the fact that the young lady he wanted
you to marry already had a husband may
alter your father\s views on the subject.'*
The young man^«tarted. He, certainly,
had not revealed to Mr. Bannister, nor to
any one, what he had learned from Daisy
when she confessed to him that the sea
food man was her husband. Neither had
he heard any gossip which led him to
suppose that the marriage was generally
known. He' had heard in casual small
tali^"that Miss Bunton was on a visit to
her grandfather In the West, but that
statement was accompanied by an "am
biguous giving out," or sign that It was
not accepted as the simple and natural
fact. Was the clever lawyer fishing?
"I do not understand you," he said to
Mr. Bannister— and it was the truth, in
one sense.
VI supposed that you know,, from some
thing I learned, that Mr. Bunton's daugh
ter was married." .
Jack, embarrassed, made no reply.'.
•'Understand." the lawyer went ' on,
"I'm not trying to learn whether it's a
fact. I know that it is."
"Even if it is," tha young man said, "it
may not alter my father's views as to my
disobedience. I refused to obey his com
mand, when there was no known reason —
If there be one now— why I should not ask
the lady to be my wife. My refusal con
' Btltutcd and completed the offense. An
existing husband would not clear me. un
der my father's process of reasoning." '
"We'll see.. I want to ask you a. ques
tion. Jack." ' ,
"I'm attention, sir."
"Do you object to telling me why, one
night several weeks ago, you secured
from the police the address of a peddler
known as the sea-food man?"
"No objection other than that I am not
at liberty to give my reason."
"May I ask another question?"
¦ "Fire away, '•' Jack said, smiling'.
"Was your reason in any way related
to our efforts to secure Bunton's mining
lands?"
"Not in the remotest"-^Jack began
lightly, and paused. "In no manner that
I : .was or > am > aware of," he continued
thoughtfully, "or can Imagine now."
"Well, my boy. I'll not bother you. any
more on the subject' There Is something
she did not reply.
"I think that's the party Bessie's been
looking for." the captain muttered, "but
she didn't expect to find her here. Queer.
If w« get our man. It'll be by accident.
But It's always safe to follow the woman
In the case. If they don't get the right
trail themselves, the devil puts them onto
It Just for fun." Then he said aloud to
his companion. "Nice show. Governor."
"Is It?" the lawyer said dryly. "Who
Is that young person singing? ->ha has
quite a manner."
"That party," the captain said, looking
at hl3 programme, "unless I'm mistaken.
Is Mrs. Harry Lawton, alias Marguerite
Boynton." formerly Miss Daisy Bunton."
"Indeed? I'm not a Judge of this form
of art, but I hazard the opinion that she
Is possessed of a high degree of chic."
Daisy heard this same Judgment, dif
ferently expressed, as she left the stage
at the fall of the final curtain. She was
met in the wings by Harry and a bent,
grizzled man in shirt sleeves. She smiled
at her husband, pinched his cheek, and
gave him to carry a light silk cloak she
had worn in the act, and waited for h?m
to throw over her shoulders a \ heavy
wrap, for protection against draughts.
Then she turned to the other man with a
look of eager inquiry. He took both her
hands, and said, ''Well, Miss Boynton.
you've put me out of a Job. You'll not
hear my cross old scolding voice again;
anyway until the next piece."
"Oh, do you mean It!" she exclaimed,
with a beaming face. .
"I'm going back to town to-night," he
answered, smiling. "Tour performance
this afternoon Was as good as I hoped to
see It In six months. You're all
right. If you don't knock Broadway silly,
I miss my guess."
"You dear old dear!" she cried, drawing
down his head and kissing him. Harry
smiled his delight In the scene. "If I
make a hit on Broadway," she continued.
"there'll be a'.blg diamond ring on that
hand you've raised In caution to me so
many times," and she kissed him again.
It was datk. and a raw, cold wind was
blowing when they left the theater, and
Mr. Bannister said to his companion. "I'll
go to a hotel and wait developments. I
feel disinclined to be present at your first
interview with these young people."
The captain laughed. "That's the way
with those who don't have a professional
interest In this business. They are keen
to be In at the death, until the game Is In
sight. But, governor, I'd rather have you
along with me. If the land lays as I've
figured It out we can clear the whole Job
up at the first shake out of the box."
As he spoke he was edging the lawyer
along, for Bessie Day was hurrying to
ward the stage door, and the captain, still
talking to the lawyer, was keeping her la
eight.- '
"Perhaps you are right." Mr. Bannister
replied, moving with the detective, but so
reluctantly that his companion smiled.
At the door of the theater one publlo
carriage stood, and Bessie easily learned
from -the driver that It was waiting to
take Mis* Boynton to her hotel, the ad
dress of which Bessie also learned. She
walked toward it rapidly for a time, then
ran, and then slowed her pace and con
tinued Irresolutely. At last, within a block
of the hotel, she stopped and waited until
a carriage passed her and drove to the
entrance of the hotel. Then Bessie sud
denly started forward, with more deter
mination in her movement, and reached
the hall entrance of the hotel Just as
'Harry came from the office with letters.
Joined Daisy and ascended the stairway.
Bessie followed them and the detective
and lawyer followed bar. -
The first couple went up bat ons flight
of stairs, turned and -entered a private
parlor, where a grata fire burned brightly,
and a table was already set with the
early, light "artist's meal" which Daisy
took ¦ between performances.
- Hairy laid aside t his wife's cloak, hat
and gloves, '. then glanced, with critical ap
proval at the cold fowl and salad and the
bottle of wine especially provided for
him, and was holding bade a chair at thoTHE SUNDAY CALL.
4
table tor Daisy, when tho door opened
and Bess) a entered. Harry uttered a cry
of dismay and shrank behind his wife.
"Who are you?" Daisy demanded, plac
ing a hand on Harry's arm, where ha
stood behind her, trembling.
Beesla was thinly clad in cheap, poor
stuff, which in design and color made a
pittful attempt at gay bravery; sho was
shivering with cold and hunger and ex
citement, and in tho full stress of her
rage at first confronting tho woman sho
so hated she could not speak.
"Who are you, and what do you want
here?" Daisy repeated. "Can't you speak?
Or shall I send for tho police?"
"No, no!" pleaded Harry, "not the po
lice—no trouble."
Bessie's power of speech was restored
by the sound of Harry's voioe.
"Who am I?" sho cried hoarsely. "Ask
him? He is mine. I want him!"
"You fool!" Daisy ecr earned, and then
she laughed. "You poor fool, he's my
husband!"
"It isn't so! Is It, Harry T Come back
to me, I've got work now. I know that
she stole you away. I'll forgive you."
"But. Bessie," Harry explained, "this Is
my vrlfe— my real wife, and "
He stopped and all but collapsed, as the
captain of detectives, whom he recog
nized, followed tho lawyer, quietly entered
the room.
"You lie!" Bessie cried, too angry to
notice the new comers. "Sho Is no more
your wife than I am— not as much."
"Well!" demanded Daisy, rearing her
head with rage at tho sight of tho men.
"Will some cno tell me what this means?
Is this my private room or the public par
lor of the hotel? Harry, send for t"|e ho
tel clerk ,and have this woman and these
men ordered out. Why, Harry! Harry,
darling! What is the matter? Who are
you?" she demanded, turning to tho cap
tain. "Blackmailers, come to help this
creature set money from me?"
She was in an awful rage now, but
gently placed her arm around Harry, and
drew him close to her Bide, turning her
blazing eyes from Bessie to tho men.
"Now. Beesle," the captain said, in a
quiet, cheerful voice, "we'll excuse you
for a little time. Just step outside whero
we can call you If you are needed, and
if we don't need you here, I'll want to see"
you afterward, any way."
As he spoke he smiled, but his eyes
were holding hers sternlj-, and hers
drooped undtr his gaze.
"Yes, captain," she answered faintly,
and then lifting her eyes timidly, .whis
pered beseechingly, "it's no trouble for
Harry, is it. captain? He's always been
straight, captain. He wasn't going to tell
on the officer who struck Mr. Paxton,
Were you, Harry?"
There was a brief, grim smile under
the captain's mustache, then he said,
"You are all right. Bessie, and Harry will
be all right, if ho Is a sensible little man.
You heard mo tell you what to do. Do it."
"Tes. sir. captain. Thank you," sho
eaid, and with a look of hatred at Daisy,
ehe left the room.
Daisy, who had been half supporting
Harry's form, now led him to a sofa,
¦where he sat down with a weary sigh, but
smiling, and holding one of her hands.
"Now. DerhaDS. I am to bo told what ex-
few threads holding a paper in
place between the cloth and lining, and
handed the paper to the lawyer. Mr.
Bannister gave It a searching glance, ex
amined tho acknowledgment and signa
ture, draw a long sigh of relief and turn
ing to Daisy said: "Madam, you are quite
right in demanding that your husband
shall not give up a thing of possible value
without some evidence to protect him in
an emergency. Will you bo good enough
to let me uso the writing paper on that
deek for a minute?"
She looked at him with Interest; his
tone and manner, so different from his
comp'anlon's, encouraged her to say, "You
show mo consideration, sir. May I ask "
"I am Caleb Bannister, Mrs. Lawton."
"Oh I I hope you will excuse my rude
ness. I feared that this might be a part
of the trick which onco cruelly separated
me and my husband. He has a very
sensitive nature, and I must stand be
tween him and those who for some reason
sought to part us once, and might do so
again." This wu in her gentlest man
ner, and a very pretty one, too, and as
sho spoke and her confidence grew in the
knowledge of whom ehe addressed, she
began to enjoy tho situation, her own part
in the Interview, its dramatic points. As
the lawyer sat at the desk and wrote
she returned to Harry and said soothing
ly: "It's not that old false charge, Harry,
dear; not the trick they separated us by
before. Mr. Bannister Is a gentleman,
sweetheart. He won't do us any harm.
Don't bo frightened, darling; I'll see that
' you're protected in giving up the paper
whatever It is."
"Now, Mr. Lawton," Mr. Bannister said
after a few minutes' writing at the desk,
"I'll give you a receipt for this paper,
when you havo signed here." Harry, won
derfully revived by his wife's words and
by being celled "Mr. Lawton" by tho
great lawyer, stepped over to the desk
briskly. "You see," said Mr. Bannister,
"this -is 'a simple statement that a paper
you havo voluntarily surrendered to me
was .given to you by the party men
tioned to deliver as set forth here, and
that through an oversight you neglected
to deliver it tnen; that it has remained
in your possession. continuously since, un
altered in any manner. A mere statement
of tho facts, you see."
Harry, with a great air of importance,
smiled, and blinked wisely, as he attend
ed to the lawyer's words, signed where
directed and took the receipt for the pa
per, as if concluding a very satisfactory
business transaction. Mr. Bannister took
his hat and looked inquiringly at the of
ficer. Harry was whispering to Daisy,
who nodded her head approvingly, when
he said aloud, "Gents, we'd like you to
stay and have dinner with us. A Email
bottle and a bird. Eh, captain?"
"Delighted!" answered the detective,
with prompt cheerfulness. "Governor?"
"I should like to reach the general post
office before it closes— It is some minutes
of 6 yet. And I have somo telegraphing
to do. You remain, captain, and meet me
at the train."
He bowed gravely to Daisy and left the
room. In tho hall he stopped and pressed
his hands to nis temples. "If I had not
seen it — actually seen It— I could not be
convinced. And I thought I knew human
some use of tha deed If he had saved it
from the wreck. ¦ ,
"No," he • thought; "if Harry had
the deed he would have ap
proached me, or Howard . Paxlon.
with an offer to produce it for a re
ward." This reasoning encouraged him
very much. Its faultlness, the fact that
he did not consider Harry's . cowardice,
would havo been seen by any reasoner
not so desperately Intent upon proving
his own safety. The time had arrived
when .ho must prove that he was both
justified and secure in making, an offer to
sell the land. So his decision met his
necessities. Having determined to play
his hand as fate had dealt it to him he
would play it boldly. Instead of ' calling
upon Mr*. Bannister he sent the lawyer a
note asking him to call, and he was glad
he had shown that evidence of confidence,
when he received a polite reply, naming a
time when the lawyer would call, "if it
suited Mr. Bunton's convenience."
The interview was a pleasant surprise
to Bunton. Mr. Bannister expressed his
satisfaction that the prolonged negotia
tions promised to come to a speedy end.
"You've mentioned tho very point In
volved," Mr. Bunton said briskly. '."Speed.
Now that I've made up my mind to sell
the property I want to have the business
ended am soon as possible." \ -
They discussed the details. The mat
ter of price no longer stood between
them. Mr. Bannister admitted that tho
recent exploration of the land had justi
fied Mr. Bunton's view, of its value. The
deal involved was so large, the necessity
of an assured supper of ore so admit
tedly great, ths peril to th'elr position,
if the Bunton land fell into the hands ot
a rival, so manifest, he. would not dis
pute the price.
ThLi was giving away his hand so free
ly that Bunton looked at the speaker to
see if he could divine a tricky Intention.
But the lawyer's expreaslonless face re
vealed nothing.
"I feel justified In saying," Mr. Ban
nister concluded on this point,- "that my
principals will agree to tho figure, or
one substantially that. A hundred thou
sand dollars one way or the other will
not keep us apart on the price, eh?"
"Certainly not," the other replied, and
he tried to repress the great sigh of re
lief with which he heard the words." As
to the manner of payment there was
some discussion. Mr. Bunton wanted the
greater part cash, the lesser part stock
and bonds of the proposed company; Mr.
Bannister asserted that the greater part
should be paid In the company's securi
ties, but again he was disposed to think
that Mr. Bunton's wishes would be met in
that respect also. The question of the time
of transfer brought them to a hitch. Bun
ton said thAt the title of the land had
been so often, and thoroughly examined
of late, the transfer should be concluded
after another merely perfunctory search
of the title.
"No," the lawyer responded, slowly and
thoughtfully, "that will not. do In this
case. If we were considering an ordinary
transaction it might do. But, as the at
torney for the intending purchasers, 1
must insist, in a case of this magnitude,
that a thorough and extended search, by
experts, must be made before we prt>-
for months, was a relief. It might have
been— oh, God! that, other thought had
been such a burden of dread that to hear
this fact was a Joy. < Daisy might suc
ceed. Women had . gone from a life as
sheltered as hers and succeeded and been
respected. In the exposed life of the
theater. So, gradually, in. the deep gloom
of her sorrow and misgivings /about her
husband, Mrs. Bunton came to think of
Daisy as happily removed from tho gen
eral worry and care with which her own
life was beset. Daisy wrote to • her
mother secretly, sending many favorable
newspaper notices of Marguerite Boyn
ton: and- as these notices grew in im
portance the mother's pride was aroused,
and she looked forward to seeing Daisy
perform, as her daughter urged that sho
must, when the troupe neared New York.
She did not tell her husband. of Daisy's
whereabouts. He had, after the first,
seemed not to want to know. where his
daughter and son-in-law were. She did
not even tell her husband when she
heard from Daisy that she had had a
"funny experience." A lawyer had come
and got from Harry a paper that her
father gave him to deliver more, than
two vears ago and which the dear, care
ful fellow had kept so well all the time
he was In such trouble that the lawyer
found It to be all right. Mrs. Bunton
would have told her husband of this had
he not seemed to suffer at any chance
reference to Harry.
Isaac had another cause for worry
just at that time. His father had seen,
in the AVhite River Advocate, the article
ropied from the New York paper about
the cause of delay In the Iron. combine
proceedings. He wrote to Isaa^c about
it. brt was not satisfied with the reply.
The White River papers frequently had
stories about the social and financial
triumphs of Isaac Bunton. and in this
wf y the old farmer-banker had learned
much to worry him about his son. He
wrote that the New York affairs of the
bank required attention and that he
would make that an excuse to visit his
son.
Isaac's- exposition of his financial af
fairs did not satisfy his father.
"Even if you sell the land, Isaac." the
market '11 have to go your way to let
you draw out without using up a lot of
the purchase price, large as it is."
"But, father, when I've sold this to
the Worthington interest the market, or
at least the shares I'm interested In, will
probably advance rapidly."
"Do you mean that they are depress
ing y^ur holdings to force you to sell the
land?"
"That's the judgment of. many shrewd
operators; the crowd I train with. The
stocks we are known to fancy have
Kilned strength, just on the rumor that
I'm going to let go of tne land, at l?st.
The deal will probably be. closed to
day, ns I have a. note from Mr. Bannister
that ho will call to-day. I'm glad that
you'll be at my office to meet him and
be In at the end — It will be a newspaper
sensation."
Mr. Bannister showed some surprise,
after being introduced t > the elder Bun
ton, and talking with him for a time on
Western affairs, that the younger man
did not suggest retiring 10 the inner of
fice for their conference. At last he said,
lawyer In the case was very reticent,
but did not deny that Mr. Bunton. had
parted with the land); her beauty, her
stage appearance— a suggestion of Car
mencita and Cleo.de Merodo— wero writ
ten ofvwith enthusiasm; and she was
envied, by ten thousand good women.
And her mother sat in her dressing-room
all of one evening frightened, ashamed,
stunned; while Harry hovered about,
smiling in the ecstasy of pride and Joy.
XXVI— A LETTER OF MARK.
On one of those February days whose
deceit we forgive for their beauty, when
New York, with unfailing faith, each
year believes winter vanished and
spring triumphant— and for its faith takes
cold in its forgetful head — on such a day
Howard Paxton turned into tho cavern
ous entrance to tho Brooklyn bridge, in
tending to mount therefrom to the Third
avenue Elevated. His frank smile and
brisk, buoyant step wero not wholly duo
to his delight in the fair false promise
mado by soft sky and warm sun; ho was
rejoicing In a promise as bright but more
real, and was hurrying home to share
with Grace the lightness of his heart.
"When she received that check for fifty
dollars for her carpet design she wanted
to do large and ' strange things to cele
brate," he was saying to himself. "It
took all of my etern brotherly influence
to dissuade her from a revel of tea and
jam, to say nothing of insinuating cake,
candy and all vain vanities. Sho would
have guests to share our realized dream
of riches! A serving maid sent in for the
evening to emphasize our grandeur and
advertise our splendor! But my reason
ing prevailed and sho consented to the
purchase of a spring wrap and necessary
gloves. But now! Now revel and merri
ment! Guests and ale and sausages, and
gaiety and gaiters and gas-stove cooking
beyond the dreams of Lucullus!"
These riotous Imaginings were pro
moted by an interview Howard had
Just had. The identity ho had
concealed under his pen names had be
come known to several of the editors to
whom he had sold matter. The discovery
had affected them differently. Some had
dropped his work indignantly; some had
laughed at the deception and continued
to use his contributions under his pen
names, and one had sent him a note to
call and talk the subject over. This edi
tor, whom he had Just left, had said:
"I think that a lot depends upon the place
where your work is used, whether It Is
hurt by your own name. Now, I've been
thinking that not one of our readers out
of a thousand ever saw your name In
the Chronicle, but they did see it often
while you were known as tho White
River Advocate Man, and would like to
see It again. In short, we've concluded
that, so far as our publications are con
cerned, your own name has a value and
we v.*?.nt to uso it."
There were many things about tho busi
ness of his profession of which Howard
was ignorant when he first went to New
York, but which ho had learned by paln-
bo out of trouble, I'm further in tne
woods than ever beforo In my life. Grace
and I are the owners of the sensational
mining lands I Please, Worthington, sit
down here and tell me as much as you
know— or tell me until I wake up."
Jack told tho story to his astonished
and delighted audience. Ho know It pret
ty well, for his father's return had made
it necessary— or expedient— that both tho
Worthingtons should be acquainted with
tho situation. Mr. Bannister had Im
posed secrecy upon Jack until tho ulti
mate legal safeguard had boen estab
lishes around tho Paxton title to the
land; and that had not been done to tha
final satisfaction of the cautious old law
yer until that day. Mr. Bannister, hearing
from George and Madge— so Jack suggest
ed in conclusion— where they , were to
spend tho evening, had given tho letter to
George to deliver, that tho occasion
might not lack any causa for celebration
tho lawyer could supply.
Jack took plenty of tlma to toll his
story, and so dawnings of what it all
meant began to light up Howard's con
fused understanding. When Jack finished
Howard's eyes turned to Madge, but sho
suddenly became crimson and frightened
and ran to her coffee urn. and only looked
up to dart a glance of intense scorn at
her brother when he laughed at her and
drew attention to her cheeks and eyes.
XXVII-MARRYINQ THB LAND.
It was not until ho had had many In
terviews with Mr. Bannister and the law
yer from Whlta River that Howard re
alized the story Jack ¦Worthington had
told him. Then ho began to regret that
it was true. Than, for Grace's sake, he
was glad that it was. Anyway ho should
go on with his work. There was a stigma,
on his name— undeserved, trot there— and
he would work as if 'this good fortune
had never come, until that stigma was
wholly removed. Mr. Bannister mildly
suggested that making a lw*« check
good by signing his own name to it was,
by way of removing a stigma, a better
process than making a poem sell by sign-
Ing his own nama to It— as this world
goes. Thon Howard said tha thing
bothered him. Ha knew nothing about
mining, and probably could not learn.
His work was affected already by thought
of mines and mining lands. Mr. Ban
nister had a way out of that trouble:
sell tho land. . Tha very thought was a
relief to Howard, and the transaction
went forward, but without speed. IX
dragged. Then Jack went to his father,
and asked, as a dutiful son should. If ho
had any objections to welcoming Into tho
Worthington family, as a daughter-in
law. Miss Paxton, sister of the gentleman
from whom they were trying to buy the
Iron lands. Jack thought the marriage
would, expodlto tha land sale tor which
his father was anxious. In reply tho
elder Worthington mado tho only humor
ous remark of his life. "My son." ho
Bai<l to Jack, "your father is a wiso
oldster, after all. I started out to have
you marry that land, and by Georgo you
end up by marrying it. Eh?"
He repeated that joko. not often, but
cuse there Is for this Intrusion," she said,
turning Instinctively to Mr. Bannister, as
the one she must look to for considera
tion.
"Mrs. Lawton." he said gravely, "our
visit Is In no way related to the \islt of
tho young woman who has Just left here.
Wo coma to make Bome Inquiries of your
husband which can be conducted briefly,
and without distressing you, I sincerely
hope." He glanced at the captain, who
eaid, in a tone of friendly confidence,
"Harry, all wo want Is that deed you for
got to deliver to Dr. Pax ton two years
ago last October, and which such a care
ful business man as you would not lose,
or part with, except to the right
party. Ah! I see that I'm right. It al
ways pleases me to start right, for then,
as the fellow In the book says— or was
It a play?— you can go ahead."
The captain had lengthened his dis
course, only because he saw that Harry
was speechless with fright, and he want
ed to give him time to recover.
Daisy had listened to the officer with
keen attention. "Is this eo, Harry?" she
asked. "Have you such a paper?"
The poor fellow's teeth were chattering
behind his smile, and he looked at her
plteously, but could not answer.
"Perhaps I can refresh his memory, as
the lawyers say." the officer continued,
with unabated good nature. "When you
left Mr. Bunton's office that day'—
Harry shook so at these words that
Daisy drew his head to her side, and pet
ted It— "you told Dan Mannix— nice chap.
Dan; sent his regards to you— that you
were going to Dr. Paxton's to deliver a
paper. Having to meet the present Mrs.
Lawton on that very self-same day, you
overlooked the errand to the doctor's—
as the Paxtons' servant girl was telling
mo the other day. Nice girl, that Then
when you reached New York, with that
blood-stained overcoat, which Katie
mended for you, she sewed up a paper In
the lining for you. And Katie's a very
respectable woman, too," he added, turn-
Ing to Mr. Bannister, as if it was a mat
ter of importance. Ho .was watching
Harry closely as he continued to the law
yer, "a decent woman. I was talking to
her tho other day. Keeps a respectable
boarding-house. Bui, sir, It's queer the
way women like her remember some
things— like they happened yesterday,
when they may have happened as long
ago as when Harry first came to town.
"For heaven's sake, stop that chat
ter!" Daisy exclaimed, turning upon tho
officer savagely. "What is it, Harry?
Sweetheart, darling! I sha'n't let them
hurt you. Have you grft the thing they
want?"
He muttered something about not
wanting to give it to tho wrong people
and get into more trouble. Then Daisy
turned to the men and said haughtily,
"I don't know who you are, or what
right you have to ask my husband to
give you anything. This sounds like
some sort of blackmailing scheme, and
I'll not let him give you anything until
I've seen ray lawyer. I bid you good
evening, gentlemen."
This was said in a superb manner, and
the detective nodded his head in approval
of It, but at the same time it was wear-
Ing on his patience. "As you please.
madam," he said. "You don't know who
I am. to bo sure, but Harry does, and he
knows what a warrant of arrest and
extradition looks like."
At the mention of such a remarkable
document Mr. Bannister glanced at the
detective and saw him draw from an In
side pocket of bis coat a legal looking
paper, which was tho lease of his Har
lem flat he had chanced to havo renewed
that day. At sight of It Harry burled
his face In his hands and wept He
called bis wife's name and she bent over
him to catch his whispered words.
Then she went to a trunk In a corner
of the room and took from tt an old
overcoat, which she tossed to* the de
tective. The latter quickly and lightly
ran his fingers over the garment, opened
a eeam with his pocket knife, cut a
nature!"
At the head of the stairs he met
Bessie. "Is It true, sir, that they are
married T' she asked.
"Ah. you are the young: woman Yen.
I advise you to go home."
She was weeping. "I love him! Must
I give him up? I've got work, now.
Must I give him up?
"I should suppose so," tho lawyer
sa!d. and again he made the unusual
motion of putting his hands to his tem
ple?. "Are you in need?"
"Won't this relieve your — will you
tnke this?" and he handed her a bank
bill, which she took.
."But Harry's in no trouble, sir,«lf you
please, is he, sir?"
"No other trouble than Mrs. Harry,"
the lawyer said, hurrying down the
stairs.
A few minutes later he had sent tho
deed in a registered package to Howard
Paxton's lawyer in White River and
telegraphed him of the fact, with di
rections to have it recorded without de
lay.
XXV-A GOOD DEED.
"Dear Mamma— I've found Harry. I al
ways felt that he was not dead, and that
I should find him again. He has suffered
much, but he is happy now. I forgive
papa, now that I have found Harry. Do
not worry about me. I am going to be an
actress. There is no use telling people,
until I succeed. I shall succeed. I shall
be famous, and earn money for Harry
and, myself. If that was what papa
feared, he need not fear any more. I
shall earn all the money Harry wants,
without asking papa for any. I have ta
ken all my jewelry, but nothing else. Af
fectionately, DAISY.
"P. S. — I am all right, so don't you
worry a bit. Tell folks, If they ask, that
I'm visiting grandpa. • D."
Thla was the letter that Mrs. Bunton,
her sad face tear-swollen, gave to her
husband when he returned home, after
learning at police headquarters that
Harry Lawton had gone away from his
room with a sty-Hshly dressed woman.
When he had wearily read the letter his
wife looked at him and said, "You knew
it, Isaac?"
"Yes, Carrie." .
"Do >u*i want to tell mo what you
know, Isaac>*
He was sitting bowed over a table, and
Shook his head in Mswer to her question.
After a silence, bro.Vn only by his deep,
troubled breathing, e,-id her sighs, she,
said, "Can we not go home now?"
He raided his heat/ and looked at his
wife for a time, but as if he did not see
her, then replied, "Not now, dear. Per
haps after a while. I— I can't, explain
now. You won't ask me now, Carrie?"
"No, dear. But if there is any other
trouble, won't you tell me? It seems as
if there was something— I don't know
something awful, Isaac, that's threaten
ing us."
He forced himself to smile, and said
with an effort, "Nonsense, Carrie! I'm
bothered by this, but we'll come out ail
right."
But things would not come all right.
He no longer made a pretense of playing
a game of skill in Wall street, but gam
bled in stocks with a dice thrower's in
fatuation and desperation. . Luck seldom
favored him, and at last a crisis came
when he had to realize on his only un
pledged asset— the mining land! Beforo
he made up his mind to take that step ho
considered long the chances agali»t him
in this last throw of the dice. He con
vinced himself, or said to himself that
he was convinced, that he had been fool
ish to suppose that the evidence of Dr.
Paxton's ownership was not destroyed.
Harry had escaped, to be sure.. but his
own eyes furnished the evidence that the
valise Harry carried was wholly de
stroyed. Now that he had some notion of
the life of the sea-food man, he argued
that such a wretched existence would
have surely prompted Harry to make
ceed further than to a written agreement
as to terms."
"And that will take a couple of weeks,
I suppose," Bunton said, with a show of
impatience.
"A couple of months would be nearer
the time. I think."
"The time is long. It will inconvenience
me in certain plans I have made."
"I regret that. I can only promise to
expedite my inquiries as to your capacity
to jfive title."
"My capacity, sir!" Bunton's heart beat
fast. "
"It is an almost obsolete phrase— but I
am an old-fashioned lawyer.".
"In the meantime I may lose an equally
good chance to sell." . i
"We will deposit $100,000, with our agree
ment, in escrow, to be forfeited to you if
we fail to complete a purchase— when it
is proved that you can give a good title."
Again Bunton started.^ He could not help
it, though he had tried to prepare himself
to hear Just such words. Was it a sharp
rlaw, suddenly, darted out and with
drawn, that had pricked him? No, the
heavy, well-colored face of the lawyer
suggested bovine rather than feline char,
acterlsties.
"Two months seems an unreasonable
time."
"We wish to be reasonable, but matters
of s>uch importance as are Involved In our
modern combining of great Interests de
mand searching investigation in every di
rection that prudence and experience sug
gest, lest some incurable flaw be discov
ered when it is too late to apply an hon
est remedy."
"Oh, of course!"
"And naturally, Mr. Bunton, you and I
are equally desirous that the first steps in
this transaction shall be s*o fair and open
that there- shall be nothing to conceal
from public scrutiny— so far as you and I
are concerned."
"Naturally, sir." Isaac Bunton tried to
say this without first clearing his throat,
but he could not. He inwardly cursed
that his voice was hoarse, and boldly re
peated. "Naturally, sir; naturally." "This
lawyer of great reputation seems to be a
prosy, rather thick-witted fellow," Bun
ton said to himself, "and is incapable of
playing with me, as his words In the
mouth of a bpigjtiter man might suggest.
Nothing to fear here!"
"Naturally, Mr. Bunton. So I Bhall pro
ceed in my way. hastening matters aa far
as seems prudent, an3 when I am satis
fied that the title you offer is perfect I
ehall communicate."
"The sooner the better," Bunton nald
hastily, beginning to tire of the lawyer's
slow talk, that had so many phrases sug
pesting' doubt where there could be no
doubt. 1
But could there be a doubt? Was the
lawyer suspicious as well as cautious?
Had he not % needlessly repeated those
phrases that made the hearer start; had
he not laid meaning emphasis upon them?
These questions would not leave his mind,
and, when the morning after the Interview
with the lawyer he saw in the Chronicle.
In an article on the iron combine, a sug
gestion that proceedings were dragging
because of a possible flaw in thfe title of
one of the undeveloped properties in
volved, he was possessed by a' sudden
fear and kept his paper In front of . his
face that his wife, might not see him, for
he thought he must be very pale— he was
so cold! " . -
But the wife knew-knew that Isaac
was in more trouble than ever before
and that now; for. the first time in their
llyes together, it was a trouble he could
not tell her. So she only grieved
silently for him; keeping up, : for he
seemed to wish it, their show of enter
taining and being entertained— of living
a society, life! Arid her heart broken for
him! For himrnot for -Daisy. ' •-
The shock of hearing ! that Harry : wa3
alive was not an unpleasant one to Mrs.
Bunton; nor was she deeply grieved that
Daisy had gone into the theater for a
career. That, as a solution" of the mys
tery of her daughter's unwatched hours
"Shall we go inside ar.d take up the
land matter?"
"We shall not be disturbed here," Isoac
replied.
"And will your father remain?" the
lawyer asked.
"Certainly."
Mr. Bannister was silent for as much as
half a minute, looking at the old farmer,
and Isaac saw the look and felt as-, a
prisoner must \f eel when he watches h
Jury return from their deliberations, and
sees "Guilty!" written on every stern
face. He would have liked to make soms
excuse to ask his father' to retire, but
he cou'.d not ppeak.
"Very well," the lawyer said slowly
and calmly. "Mr. Bunton" — he turned his
eyes on Isaac— "can you give me a better
deed for the land than 'the one you pave
to Dr.' Paxton. iwo yeara ago last Octo
ber. I refer to the deed this telegram
reports as having been recorded by How
aid Paxton's attorney, In AVhite River,
yesterday?"
Isaac moistened his lips several times
before he answered, but when at last ho
did speak it was in a quiet and natural
tone: "No, sir, I cannot," he said.
His father rose, staggered, and would
have fallen had not Mr. Bannister caught
him. «
| "What does this mean, Isaac, my son?"
the old man whispered faintly.
Isaac went to his father, put his arm
around him, and led him to a chair. "I'll
tfll you everything, father. Don't go,
Mr. Bannister. I'd rather-you heard."
He sat with one hand shading hla eyes,
the other idly fingering his watch chain,
his head bent, but still speaking In ; a
quiet voice. He told the whole story; not
Bhleldlng or excusing himself much ex
cept when he safd that he intended to
share with Howard, somehow; tell him
that his father had an Interest in the
land. At the end h e looked up, and ask.^d
the lawyer, "Do you want me to tell th's
to any one else — the law officers?"
Mr. Bannister looked at the father, saw
th4 unheeded tears course slowly down
his quivering face, the daze of shame aid
grief in his eyes," and then he said, as if
he had not heard the question, but firmly
and with intention. "I am sorry— very
sorry for you, Mr. Buntym; and if I can
be of any heia to you in straightening
out affairs, my services are at your com
mand."
He had, not looked at either as he
spoke, and no listener could have told
whether he addressed father or son. But
the father replied, "God knows, sir, that
we have no right to aBk your help— any
man's. I have never asked help of any
man before, but—"
The old man's voice faltered and broke,
but his eyes looked steadily at the law
yer. ' , ' ¦
They worked over, books and accounts
until far Into the night: and for many
days father and son went on with the
sorry task of settling the son's affairs, al
ways advised by Mr. Bannister. Tne
elder Bunton had at once placed all his
property at the lawyer's disposal, making
no complaint when it seemed that not
only all the earnings of his lifetime 'of
thrift would be sacrificed; but the inher
ited farm, as well. . .•.'..'.
"But I'ii save that farm for the old
man," Mr. Bannister res6lved, "if I have
to make Wall street pay for it.". And he
did— just the old farm and. the old home
stead: not , any other thing* of value. .
"Now, ylsaac," the old man said, with
no tone of reproach in his voice, "we'll
go back to the farm and begin life over
again." . ; '. ¦.• -. • ¦ ' - '
Before they left Mrs. Bunton. said that
she was going away over. one night and
they. did not ask. her whero. They knew
it was to see Daisy, but her name was
never mentioned now. •..::#*,
• All one evening Mrs. , Bunton* sat in
Daisy's dressing-room. The , date had
been announced : for . her* appearance in
New York ; : her \ identity was • disclosed ;
the Chronicle was in- Us element; ;she
was - pictured ;"? as the daughter of the
Western, millionaire, Isaac Bunton, ..who
had Just' sold some mining' land to the
iron combine at a startling . figure (the
ful experience since them. He knew that
this editor's use of his name would help
its value as much as the Chronicle's use
of it had injured it. and he was rejoic
ing over that thought as he turned into
the bridge entrance, promising himself
the pleasure of giving Grace a treat.
It was a notable supper at the Paxtons"
apartments that evening. Besides the host
and hostess George Bannister and his
happy fiancee, Mrs. Carr and George's
sister Madge and Mr. Jack Worthington
were present. And the menu was as good
as the company. Grace made Welsh rab
bit and Gertrude chocolate fudge. Jack
cut bread for the sandwiches and George
ground a paste of sardines for the same;
Howard presided over the store of bottled
beer for the men and Madge over the cof
fee urn for the ladles. George Bannister
made no less than a score of speeches
over the happy event they celebrated, the
passing of the eclipse of Howard's name;
that writer himself read a poem humor
ously describing the same passing of a
shadow; Gertrude burned the fudge and
her fingers at a chance allusion to Brook
lyn; and Madge, a wild pleasure of secret
joy in her eyes, was silently observant of
all, but now and then looked In impa
tience at her brother. George caught one
of those looks, blushed guiltily and drew
a sealed letter from his pocket and gave
it Ltd Jack, saying, "Father told me to
hand you this, but I forgot, until Madge's
reproving eyes reminded me. She must
know what it's about; I don't."
Jack took the letter, glanced at it, laid
It down hastily and went to Grace. He
was deeply in earnest and spoke to her in
low eager tones, so the others were dis
. creetly busy and noisy about their occu
pations. "Oh, George!" said Worthing
ton, glancing over his shoulder a moment,
"there's something in that letter about
you. Better read it."
Madge's wild eyes were dancing, now,
and she watched her brother Intently.
George ran his eyes down the letter un
til he came to his own name, and read,
"Say to George that the Consolidated
Chemical Limited goes into the hands of
a receiver to-morrow. It is an irretriev
able failure."
Having read these words George dashed
the letter- to the table, rushed to Ger
trude and exclaimed, "Love moon of my
heart's night! Guiding star of my soul's
flight! Anchor of my storm swept life!
The shadows 'of earth, the mists of
heaven are dissolved and banished, and
unending sunlight plays and dances over
the course of— of— Gertie, that damn
Chemical Consolidated . is bust, your
mother must admit that my father was
all right, and keep her promise. We
marry!" He turned to the startled com
pany and repeated in a voice of rapture,
"We marry!"
He caught sight of his ' sister's laugh
, Ing face, stopped, went to her, and salO,
"Madge, you knew this! Father told you,
and you have been heartless enough to
keep from your brother for. hours tEe
knowledge that the cause of difference
that has kept two hearts apart— Madge,
how could | you!" Ho caught Madgo
around the waist, and drew her over to
Jhis blushing and laughing sweetheart to
be! further scblded.
Grace. seemed to have heard news that
greatly agitated her, for her voice trem
bled when she said, "Howard, please read
that letter, and see If— oh, Howard— if It
is true!"
Howard, who, had been only smiling
good naturedly at the effects produced on
' his" two friends by their perusal of the
letter, now took It and with a prelimin
ary. "Ahem!" started to read it aloud,
but he suddenly sat down, and with
staring eyes finished it in a silence'
that was general. When he had read it
over many times, as It seemed to the
others, he turned, and said huskily, "Can
you explain this, Worthington?"
"I know it's true?" Jack exclaimed.
"I've known of it' for several days; that
it "was all but settled, so imagine my
state of mind, not being able to tell
•Grace, and claim what she promised when
you should be out of the woods."
"If to be out of " the woods means to
pretty reguiany, «uc U u« t ~«- o ... ._ ,r
company of sufficient versatility to behold
him in all his versatility. Ho repeated It
when ho and Mrs. Worthington went to
call on Grace, and again when Grace and
Howard first dined at tho Worthlngtons*.
His doctor said that it had done his dis
tinguished patient's health a world of
good to turn humorist.
Mrs. Marble, mother of Gertrude, wrote
to Mr. Bannister, father of George: "You
were right, and I was WTong, about
Chemical Consolidated Limited— if you
didn't wreck it to prove yourself right— so
the children may marry, so far as I am
concerned."
When his father gave this brief noto to
George that young man's eyes blazed, his
attitude was that of an orator, there wero
all the familiar signs that he was moved
to long and Impassioned speech. His lips
made some soundless motions, and then
he took his father's hand and said quiet
ly, "I love 'Gertie, father, and 1 believe
she loves me."
"Then, In heaven's name, marry her
Quick, before her mother finds another ex
cuse to delay the wedding." They wero
married that evening.
Marguerite Boynton conquered Broad
way. She was the novelty longed for;
Broadway raved about hejr and brought
her renown and prosperity. To Harry,
her husband, It brought happiness, deep
and unalloyed. Tes, unalloyed, though
there were those that fluttered about
Daisy, who laughed at Harry, and more
than wished him out of the way, asked
that he be sent out of the way. But Har
ry reigned supreme in her affections, even
when she discovered that many women
felt his fascination as well as she, and
that he was too gentle and good-hearted
to resent admiration. Surely, Daisy knew
that he loved her. Was that not enough?
Plainly it was not, for she grew fero
ciously Jealous, and they quarreled
briskly; and it was she, not he. who must
run to make up. to ask forgiveness, to
promise not to annoy, to bo obedient, or—
well there were other stars as great as
she, who appreciated him. She was not
wholly miserable; for there was a kind of
pleasure even in her quarrels with him.
He had made her very unhappy much of
the time, to be sure, but she did not losa
him. ' That was a triumph to boast of.
Once, before Harry, feeling the full of his
power over her, demanded, and got, the
right to draw all of her earn
ings, . once, before that, she sent
some money to her mother. It
came back to her. Her mother wrots
that they did not need It. They were- liv
ing on the farm, with Grandfather Bun
ton, and all worked hard, early and late,
as those who go to the earth for a living
must. "Your father was a farmer when
he was a young man, and he knows tho
work, and Is strong enough to do It. Wa
all work. We live as we can, not com
fortably, but honestly. Do not send
money."
With Grace— Mrs. John Worthington. Jr.
—away on her wedding Journey, Howard
would have been lonely In the spring, had
not Mr. Bannister made' out to have him
at the country placo pretty often. How
ard owned the charm of tho old lawyer's
society. When It was warm enough to
sit in the orchard Howard often told
Madge how much he enjoyed hla studies
of plant life, under her father's Instruc
tion. He had not been out to tho farm
much, to be sure. Perhaps it was that ho
cared less for her father's choice vegeta
bles than for his choice flowers.
His roses, especially. And of those, one
rose in particular, the choicest of all,
though a wild rose. And it had no thorns!
Had It— for him? And its color changed
so! look! Even as ono spoke. It deepened
the red of Its petals! And It was so
young, and fair, and sweet, that its pet
als sparkled yet with dew, and now they
grew crimson, and— I love that rose
Sweetheart! May I wear It forever, and
cherish it, there, on my breast, where It
sinks now? Your voice Is so low— yes?
ITHB END.]By William J. Shearer, A. M., PH. D.
PUNISHMENT OF CHILDREN-Fourth TalK
¦ * ",'¦*¦
will frequently be seen that the parent and not the child is deserving
of the punishment.
When possible punishment should be natural. For, example: If a
boy uses his. knife to cut the furniture he should be deprived of thp
knife. Punishments which are natural follow as the results of actions
and are always powerful as correctives. This is the fundamental char
acteristic of divine punishment.
Punishnjents should ndi destroy self-respect. Such as do are fiend
ish. The great object of moral training is to develop self-control and
self-respect, not destroy them.
Punishments should be inflicted in kindness. By word and man
ner the parents should show that it is an unpleasant task. Nothing
will cause the lesson to sink more deeply and be remembered longer.
There arc some methods of punishment frequently used, yet for
which no parent worthy of the name would say a word in defense.
They are never right under any condition. Among' those of more fre
quent use may be mentioned the following: Blows upon the head,
boxing op pulling of ears, violent shaking, calling of names, sarcasm,
scolding, 'nagging, threats, solitary confinement.
Displeasure of parents is one valuable punishment. Other things
being. equal, "the greater the love between the. child and parent, the
greater the effect of the expressed displeasure* Like the parents, the
child cares little for the criticism of enemies and much for the unkind
words from those whom he loves. Properly used, the heart of almost
every child will respond to it and inwardly resolve to do better. \
One of the most effectual kinds of punishment, with most children,
is that of depriving. them of seme privilege. If, in place of some ex
pected pleasure, the child is required to sit down and think over the
cause of the loss, he will come to the conclusion that it does not pay
to lose a great pleasure for a small one. ¦
The keeping of some record of a child's shortcomings may also be
made use of with good effect, with most children. ' This record may be
merely a number of marks made when the child fails to do as he should.
When it is found that a number willmcan certain punishment and that
by especially praiseworthy conduct some marks can be removed it is
remarkable how great an influence this device will have upon conduct.
. . Punishment should always be upon the fleshy parts op the body
with a switch, strap, piece of small rubber, hose or similar instrument,
which cannot inflict such injury as the parent may regret for years to
come. " ¦ ,- • : ' ¦¦'¦':.• •.¦ -.¦-¦-¦•
Parents should take great care -lest they inflict corporal punish
ment in such a wav as to make it appear that they are vindictive or
"'trying to get even." '. \, Y , - ¦¦:
.':'¦- The blows shouM not be more frequent than once or twice each
minute. If this'is done, and the strokes interspersed by such expres
sions and admonitions s s will prove that the parent desires only the
good cf, the child, the punishment will' be very effective. The loving
kindness "may have failed: the harsh application of the rod may not
give the de«ired results, but the combination of the two will surely
never be forgotten and is almost certain' to produce the desired result.
than in the preceding century. Compare the national feeling disclosed
in the Paston Letters of the middle of the fifteenth century with that
displayed in the writings of a Shakespeare or a Raleigh. The letters
are mostly the production of agitated times, when the crown of Eng
land was continually at stake.nevertheless there is not a gleam of pub
lic spirit in them from one end to the other. The nation clearly needed
an ideal, and when this came in the shape of conquest and discovery
and wealth and self-respect and weight in the annals of Europe, and
everything that we now call imperialistic, it raised the national charac :
ter to a height which a contemporary of the Pastons would have
deemed incredible.
T~~?_ M j-*' a HE influence of imperialism upon national char
l%J£nj||S«yj| acter the better admits of investigation, inasmuch
' !'• xjf-Fi I ]^»p as ** * s an i n^ ucnce on b' operative upon particular
l^*4.i! V^l nat '' on$ - those, namely, which have attained to
m^JR /^| great power and widely extended dominion, in
]* rV > -/JaL- :\f^~ || volvir.g in most cases a great accession of terri
< 0kbP ebb=b &&M tory, and very frequently the control of, and con
sequently the responsibility for, numerous peoples
of an inferior grade of civilization. The imperialistic sentimen£ may
be defined -as that feeling of complacency with which the citizen of
«uch a dominant nation regards the fact that his country counts for
tnnch in the affairs of the world. So long as the question is contem
plated from this abstract point of view it seems extraordinary that there
should be any difference of opinion upon the subject The proposition
that it is better to be the citizen of a great country than of a small one
seems as obvious to common sense as the proposition that it is better
to occupy a higher than an inferior position in society. When, however,
we descend from the region of idea to that of fact, we find that the
assertion of an imperial position is associated with many dangers and
inconveniences which may well lead a cautious statesman to" question
its expediency. With this aspect of the matter our inquiry is not con
cerned, but on account of the confusion continually arising between
imperialism and patriotism it is necessary to point out that the propo
sition that imperialism, however majestic in the world of ideas, is in
jurious in the sphere of material interest is one which may conceivably
be held by a good patriot Every imperialist is necessarily a patriot, j
but every patriot is not necessarily an imperialist On the other hand
it is easy to show that some of the charges brought against imperial
ism, as an influence detrimental to the national character,* arise from
confounding it with the general sentiment of patriotism. ;
Rowdyism Not Imperialism.
Such charges are bejt illustrated by concrete examples. We shall
therefore instance two phenomena of recent occurrence, justly consid
ered by reflecting men of all parties as discouraging signs of the times.
One is the foolish and undignified character of the popular rejoicings
over important successes, which has enriched or disfigured the lan
guage with the term "mafficking." The other is the systematic, break
ing up of public meetings by those to whom the opinions of the con
veners were distasteful, as great an offense against the foundations of,
British liberty as it is possible to commit These incidents were
charged upon imperialism, because the majority of those concerned
would have called themselves imperialists, but they had no more neces
sary connection with imperialism than with any other phase of public
opinion. They were outbreaks of an ill-regulated patriotism, which
might just as easily have, been maqifested on the other side had this
been numerically stronger than it wax. An imperialist has not, as
such, any more inclination than a member of the Peace Society to dis
turb a public meeting.. Either may misconduct himself in this man
ner if he is naturally akssionate and intolerant, and it is to be feared
that the only absolute^uarantee for good behavior is that he should
feel himself in a small minority or be aware that transgression will ex
pose him to the stern rebuke of public opinion.
We must, therefore, in any inquiry as to the influence of imperial
ism upon nstional character distinguish between patriotism, or love
of country, a sentiment liable to abuse; but indispensable to the exist
ence of the very smallest state, and imperialism, or that feeling of
patriotic pride which comes with expanded dominion, which could
therefore hr.vc had no existence before this dominion was acquired,
and whi£h, in the event of its disappearance, must itself pass away,
even though the patriotic sentiment from which it was developed
should remain unimpaired. Tbe, question is: Was the national charac
ter exalted by its manifestation while circumstances permitted? '- And
is it impoverished by its withdrawal? '•»•*'-¦- ¦' :'.'
The conclusion of reasoncrs. nevertheless, wt>uld be of little value
if they were refuted by the testimony of history. But the voice of his
tory is entirely conclusive as to the ennobling influence which the pos
session and the sentiment of power may exercise upon the national
life. The st6ry of Rome portrays a long course of education in public
morality, due to the development of imperialistic sentiment The age
cf Roman conquest under the republic is one of undisguised rapacity.
The age of Roman administration under the empire, until the irrup
tions of the barbarians, is one of order, and justice and general content,
the public weal munificently promoted. ;the pax Romana everywhere.
It is not meant that the genius of Rome was other than imperialistic
even under the republic, but that the imperial training was. imperfect.
It was only by governing that the Romans could learn to govern. An
equally strong instance of the value of imperialistic conceptions to a
nation is afforded by memorable eras in our own annals. There never
was a period in our history when the imperial spirit was more active
than during the reign of Elizabeth, or one "in which it was more inert
fRIMARILY there must be some punishment for
wrongdoing. But for this there could be no gov
ernment either in the state, or in the family, upon
which the existence of the state depends.
There are many who say that a child should
never be punished. Most of these mean that the
-, ? -,£ child should not be whipped. They have in mind
_ JJL the brutal treatment of children. Some may really
mean that they think a child should never be punished in any way.
This class is generally composed of those who have had little or no
experience in the management of their own children or of the children
of others. . .
In the divine economy it has seemed necessary to provide punish
ment for wrongdoing. Does it not appear senseless for.' mortals to at
tempt to improve upon his methods? While some punishment seems
absolutely necessarv, too great care cannot be taken by parents in order
that their mode of punishment may be such as will reach the desired
end without any of the evil consequences which are sure to follow in
judicious or ill-considered punishment. •
The one great object which justifies a parent's punishing a child
is the honest desire to reform the child and to lead him to do : what is
right. In every case of doubt the parent should ask himself the ques
tion, "Is this the best way to influence my child to do better?"
Another legitimate object of punishment is found in the fact that if
properly administered it condemns the wrong and upholds what is
right. i
If there are several children in the family, another very important
object of punishment is its effect in deterring all from doing wrong.
Punishment may be inflicted upon one child in such a way as to make
it unnecessary to punish other children for similar offenses., Happy the
child who lives in a family where the parent makes such use of it.
Every child should understand clearly the cause of the punishment.
Too often children are punished in anger before an explanation 'is
given. Under "uch circumstances punishments cannot,, possibly .do
good, but will certainly do harm. . ¦ :
Punishments must be just. A guilty child may seem 'to resent a
punishment, but in his heart he does not, when it is properly adminis
tered. Punish an innocent child and. in spite of love and respect, for
parents, he can : scarcely ever foreet it. - , /
, Punishment should be certain. Much more j depends upon cerr
tainty than' upon severity. To overlook an. offense at one time and
punish it severely at another time is an excellent way to encourage
children in wrongdoing. • / . ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦'¦
Punishment should be mild. It should never be more severe than
is necessary to reach the desired end. It is a kind of medicine,'-the'vir
tue of which depends upon its being used sparingly. / ;
Punishment should be. deliberate.'-;. If time is taken for reflection it
Whatsoever evil may attach to imperialistic ideas is likely to b«
minimized in the United States and Great Britain, from the necessity
under which, unlike the great military monarchies, these countries Ho
of depending as far as possible upon moral force. America must be
averse for msny reasons to sending expeditions by sea and the expan
sion to which she is destined in Eastern Asia and South America need
not involve th; acquisition of ' territory. She cannot, however, exer
cise a protectorate over these regions without skillful and cautious dip
lomacy and the clearest proof to the inhabitants that it is well for them
to be permeated by her influence. It may seem ironical to speak of the
moral suasion of a power which has achieved so many conquests as
England, but in fact the most important of her possessions ar* in
habited not by conauered alien?, but by her own children, jealous
of their freedom, susceptible in their feelings and keenly alive to their
own interests. To keep so widely dispersed a congeries of communities
within the imperial fold will be a feat of the highest statesmanship, im
possible without continual concession, conciliation and compromise
and impossible even then if the imperial idea had not in the meantime
taken deep root in the minds of the dwellers abroad and at home.
Thirty years ago the veteran officials of the Colonial Office, who had
no such idea, thought it impossible, and it may at all events be said
that no nation has hitherto attempted the like. But even in conquered
countries and crown colonies the progress of moral force as a political
agent is very apparent. The condition of the protected princes of India
is a remarkable instance. Half a century ago the tendency was to get
rid 'of them as opportunity offered and to incorporate them in the
British raj. This was seen to be wrong, and now nothinjr,is safer than
the throne of an Indian prince, so long as he does not aftisgovern his
subjects" or fail in allegiance to the paramount power. ' £ven should
he- do so the consequences will be strictly personal to himself. As
India is and must be governed on imperial principles, this seems a clear
proof that imperialism is not necessarily incompatible with justice or
synonymous with the lust of territory. It means, in farct. nothing more
than that it is better to be the citizen of a great state than of a small
one, and that character is ennobled by taking in the virtues which gain
and retain empire.
Force of Moral Suasion.
Proof of a converse kind may be derived from the examples of those
states which at one time took a leading part in the affairs of the world,
but have now fallen to the condition of second-rate powers. Such
are Spain and Sweden, and as regards the colonial empire which alone
made them great, Portugal and Holland. These countries may be as
patriotic as ever, but cannot be imperialistic, for imperialism is patriot
ism inspired and buoyed up by a sense of the power which they no
longer possess. Has the national character improved since these
losses as", if imperialism be indeed the demoralizing influence it has
been represented, it assuredly ought to have done? Do the inhabitants
of these countries at this time of day exhibit a finer type of character
than did their ancestors of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries?
Apart from the universal leveling up in enlightenment and civility,
which they have shared with all European nations, it is certain that
they do 1 not, and that they would be the last to exalt themselves over
progenitors, to whose days they look back as to a heroic age. Their
advantages over their ancestors are nevertheless many, but not one can
be connected in the remotest degree with the dying out among them
of imperialistic spirit consequent upon the loss of empire.
Let us now produce an instance of an opposite description. Littls
more than a hundred years ago the United States of America were ad
mitted among the family of nations, but it was long ere they ranked
among the great powers. They had not attained this position when,
in 1803, Charles Brockden Brown, best known as the first American
novelist, but also as a publicist, sought to persuade his countrymen
(who did not require much persuasion) to acquire Louisiana from Na
poleon. Writing in the character of a French Councilor of State,
he enumerates the causes which are thought to render the American
nation weak. Among these are "the want of national spirit, patriot
ism, sense of nation honor or love of national glory" — the very
things in which America has long superabounded. To what can so vast
a change be attributed but growing national strength and the con
sciousness of an imperial mission? And is not the last state better
than the first?
EFFECT OF IMPERIALIST ON NATIONAL CHARACTER
By Dr. Richard Garnett, C. B.
"I see no reason for the retention of the word obey," declared the Rev.
Julius B. Remensnyder. pastor of St. James Lutheran Church. New York.
"Because," he continued, "the marriage service of the church is historical.
and it was determined by the church which saw fit to omit the word obey/
"Luther translated the ancient forms from the medieval Latin into the
German liturgy of Cologne in 154.1- This was the first Protestant liturgy
ever published, and the men at the conference did not consider that the word
obey was authorized or demanded by the liturgical practice of the church,
and therefore they omitted it.
"In the Book of Common Prayer of the Episcopal church it was, how
eve;, used. This is one of the slight differences between the Lutheran and
Episcopal marriage services.
"In view of thi historic data and of the fact that the word obey has come
to be a mere unmeaning form which the bride, according to our modern con
ception of the domestic relations, has no idea of literally subjecting herself
to, there would seem to be no good reason for its retention."
TheWord "Obey" Not inLtitHeran Service
"In all my married life — and I have been married
happily for several years— I have never before had the ques
tion of whether or not a wife should promise to obey pre
sented to me," said Mrs. Ralph Trautman.
"It seems just a little absurd to me, for I am a follower
of the old school, and believe that a woman should look
up to and follow the counsels of her husband. .
"Even in disagreements,, separations and divorces which"
have come under my personal observation not once could
the cause of unhappiness be traced. to the word 'obey.'
"A man and woman who have been married should
strive to meet each other's views in every way. If this
means a little giving in on the part of'one, then let that one
yield. It will bring greater happiness for both in the end."
"The woman is 50 per cent of the marriage — not 49 or
48 per 'cent. She is not the tail of the kite.. If she loves
there will never be any question of obedience — she will do
what is right, not because' she feels that she must live up to
her marriage contract, but because she really and sincerely
wants to. If there is mutual love, sympathy and deep feel
ing the couple will strive to be happy together, each one
considerate of the other, and there will be no question of
obey."
Real Love Does Not Object.
"The question of equality between man and woman is one that comes no \
very frequently," said Baba Bharati, "but when it touches upon the marriage ,
service and the word obey, which is so important a part of it, I must ranae :
myself on the side opposing the elimination of the word.
"If there is love there is homasre, for love is homage. Wherever there
is a home you will find devotion, service and obedience. Without homaee
there is no love, without love there is no obedience. Love is a slave and
love is a master. • . .
"In India the man says the same as the woman; she makes no promises
that are not also required of him. Very often the woman is really the mis
tress., and the man through his great and deep affection for his wife becomes
her .slave. .
"The girl who objects to promising to obey will nevertheless obey her
husband in every moment of her life. It seems to me that women fence with
words, that they pay too little attention to the real meaning of the tenets
and customs of the land."
"Women War Over Words."— BabaBharati
"You might as well . strike out 'with all my worldly
goods I thee endow' from the marriage service as the word
'obey,'" asserted Miss Jeannette Gilder when asked her
views on the much discussed question of whether or not a
woman should promise bbedience to her husband.
\ "It is more of a farce for an impecunious foreigner who
marries an American heiress to say 'with all my worldly
goods I thee endow' than for the woman to say 'obey.'
"People as a rule pay no more attention to the Word
than if it were not there. It stands as a relic of another age,
when women were indeed the slaves of men, but it must no
longer be taken literally.
"Nowadays a woman does not actually promise to obey.
She may go through the form and utter the simple little
word, but neither she nor the man she marries looks upon
the promise as one actually binding her to obey him in every
particular. ,. ,
"To my mind there seems to be no more reason for the
woman to say this word than for the man, and it really
makes' very little difference about leaving' it out altogether.
"The general interpretation of the wqrd, according to
moflern views, is that the two promise to live together in
peace and happiness, which is, after all, the end in view,
or it should be.
"It is always possible, you know, for a woman to make
a mental reservation even if she does repeat the entire words
of the marriage service, but after all if she-love her husband
she is quite willing to obey him — within the limits of
reason." . ' .
Relic of Another Age.
Father John Talbot Smith of New York says that the
word obey is not used in the Catholic marriage service.
"The marriage sacrament," states Father Smith, "is an
agreement between the two parties. The man says, 'I take
you' and the woman says the same. There is no such word
as obey in our ritual. The couple are, however, exhorted to
mutual love and -acceptance of each other, which is the es
sence of marriage.
"The theory of marriage in the Catholic church is that
the husband is the head of the family and the wife owes
him love, honor and obedience, while he owes her love, re
spect and maintenance. He is bound to maintain her as
besthe can, but he does not have to obey her.
"To tell the truth, I do not think it is a practical ques
tion at all, this one of eliminating the word obey. It is
in the nature of things that the man should command and
woman should obey, no matter how many statutory pro
visions you make, simply because a man likes to command
and a woman likes to obev.
"What is the use of statutes against a natural proclivity
or condition?' You can see the wisdom of the church in
omitting th,e word from its ritual.
"A woman who refuses to obey might please her fancy
by the mere declination to follow a custom, yet she might
be the quickest to obey her husband.
"That is where nature is stronger than ideas. Ideas
may become fads,' existing for a short while, but nature
goes right on. /
"I notice that men are glad to get the women they, want
to" marry and the women are equally glad to marry, obey or
not, regardless of all fads and fancies." ,
"The Jews have no such word in the service. The first
couple, you know, were Jews, and they lived and loved to
gether, each a helpmeet for the other.
"If I loved a woman enough to make her my wife I
should want her to be my associate in everything. , She
should not say 'obey' any more than I. j The word implies
inferiority, and the angel whom we worship, whether it be
the man's wife or his mother, must not be made to descend
from the exalted pedestal to which man has raised her and
be brought to the level of a slave.
"I admire the pluck of the girl who the other day re
fused to promise to obey the man she was about to marry,
and insisted on having the word barred from the service.
That girl is a pioneer. She thought more of her principle
than of marriage itself and she has the stuff in her to make
a good wife. It was her womanhood that prompted her
to take the action, and womanhood counts considerably
toward making marriages happy."
"In feudal days, when women were nothing more than
serfs, when they plowed the fields and did the hardest part of
the work, sometimes yoked to oxen or dogs, they were com
pelled to obey their lord and master, but we have pro
gressed^far beyond such an unequal arrangement, and now
adays women arc entitled to the same consideration and lib
erty enjoyed by men — that is, of course, speaking generally.
"Chivalry prompts me to declare myself emphatically for
the elimination of the word obey from the marriage ser
vice," said A. H. Hummel, New York's famous divorce law
yer, adding with a smile: "Perhaps I could speak more
fluently on the actual tie itself. However, being a lawyer
and a bachelor does not prohibit one from holding views
on the subject of marriage contracts,' and it seems to me
that it is high time for us to get away from this particular
relic of barbarism, th»s making a woman promise to obey the
man she marries.
CatHolicR>i&ual Omits 4heWord
Eliminate tHe Word.
THE SUN DAY CALL.
5bmj^the,ced TiMB>oniMDi^
flftnr ASHET* By THT^.Jjrcsnp^j^- WOMAN,
LOVE HONOR AND (?) OBEY.
CT^O obey or not to obey la the, question now agitating th« mind of the modern bride-elect. Whether to
I promise obedience at the altar after the good old fashion followed by her grandmother and great -
I grandmother, or whether to declare herself at the outset as an independent factor in the matrimonial alli
"* ance is a discussion started by the recent action of a young woman in refusing to go through the mar
riage ceremony unless the word obey was stricken out.
Both sides of the question have been taken by men and women of to-day, and even suggestions as to
the rewording of the service have been made.
> Of the serious opinions from people who have given time and thought to the argument it would be dif
ficult to say which side has the more supporters for or against the elimin ition of the word obey.
5books. But whatever language he knows,
he <knows precisely; whatever, word he
pronounces he pronounces rightly; above
all, he is learned in the peerage of words;
knows the words of true descent and an
cient blood at a glance from the words
of modern' canaille: remembers all "their
ancestry, their Intermarriages, distant re
lationship : and offices they held in any
time and In any country-' Now, Isn't that
fine, Dan?" pleaded Priscilla. ,'. .
"And while this man of 'words', was
tracing "up their peerage his bosom friend
was ' stealing away the heart of his wife
and the foundations of his* home were
crumbling .beneath his feet I don't
know the . ancestry of many words ; but
there is one that is of. my own descent
It is. the wotf 'Honor.' You will always
hear me speak that plainly with the true
Carrol ¦ accent in s our home, for myself,
for you and for the children who may be
ours, please God."
"Oh, Dan," . whispered his wife softly,
and ", they discussed grammar no more
that day. \
Nevertheless when they ware eanterlns;
along together Priscllla's ears > were keen
to mark what was said ¦¦ amiss by her
husband, emboldened by his ever, chival
rous patience with her grammatical,ex
cursions. ' ' ¦¦¦.-. ¦ . '
"I feel Ilka I am the happiest man
alive to-day, Priscilla."
"Incorrect use of like/ " broke to his
wife, knowing better, but disregarding
the finer; instinct >-
"But, Pris, I don't feel 'as If— It's like.'
that I feel. And now that I think of it I
I don' t feel like I . was the ; happiest ' man
alive. Have I corrected ¦ myself V
Priscilla knew ; she waa venturing "too
far. 7 But • when do we ' ever follow ; our
strongest leadings? , . ' ;-\^
"Dan,, If you love me as 'you say you
do you : would take more pains to speak
correctly. Your : •shalls* and ". 'wills' put
In ' right would •¦ make - me sleep better
"Dan. you are simply great,'.' Priscllla
told him as , they rode - down . the hill
again toward home. "I'm proud of you
through and' through. But promise me
never — never— never again to take : so
dreadful a risk. . It makes me faint but
"Your man is too knocked up to
drive.** he tactfully explained, as he saw
the . ladles tremulous ' at the thought of
being trusted again to their unlucky
Jehu. «
She emerged from her crucible of agony
with an aching 'relief that her husband
was alive, while her own' soul, shriveled
by the refining fire, saw him with a larg
er vision, a deeper understanding.
Proudly he marked his chivalrous
bearing toward the unnerved, frightened
women, who lauded his exploit In words
of lntensest gratitude. /¦
She noted with a swelling heart his
bluff kindness toward tne bruised and
distressed ¦ driver, who came limping up
to see the extent of the calamity, bloody
and battered from his terrible fall.
He made light of what he had done,
calling it "nothing."
When the trembling animals were
quite pacified, greatly to Priscllla's\ ap
prehension her husband turned tha
vehicle around about— e. thing not done
without much ado on the narrow shelf
of a road— got Into the carriage and took
the reins with a firm hand to drive the
ladies to their home, which was "but a
mile or so • back." they had told him.
Priscilla lad his horse for him until he
could deposit his charges at their own
door. V^flBssss^sVSB
Their, brute Instinct -'responded to the
master without, fear. He stood at length
stroking their manes.'
Even then Prisdlla realized in a dim
unworded way a thing that was better
than the subjection of signs and symbols
to rule and law.
bits. This, too, ceased at Dan's command:
"Whoa, boysi Steady.-boysr*
Then she saw him, through a fear dim
med haze, rush just in time for the sal
vation of them all straight in front of
the :' maddened brutes, with arms out
stretched to stop ' them. Sha heard his
masterful command, "Whoa, boys I
Whoa!" as ha made a dash for their
foaming bits.
He sprang nimbly' from side to side to
avoid being * trampled under their hoofs.
Again and again; it. seemed that their
brute strength would overwhelm him as
they plunged forward straining to get
free.'- ¦¦'¦>.¦;- . '. , t - ." ¦
The man and the' beasts strove, it seem
ed to Priscilla eternal ages— until at last!
—at last be . was conquering them. With
mouths dripping. bloody foam, eyes start-
Ing from their, sockets, they finally stood
trembling/but' still, save for an occa
sional trampling and champing of .their
The carriage was. bounding violently
from eid« to side. The two women and
child in the back seat were at tha mercy
of the terrified horses, that were madly
running directly toward PriscUla and
Dan. Another moment and they would
be upon them. At the foot of the hill
was a rocky fora waiting to engulf the
fated occupants of the vehicle If they
should reach it silver
- Paralyzed by fear, PrisdUa knew in a
maze of terror that Dan sprang from his
horse, throwing her the bridle. . ,
nights. And your 'shoulds'.and "woulds/
if they would fall Into line and keep step,
my bliss would be complete!".
All of a sudden,' to their startled vision,
appeared around a turn of the narrow hill
road a team tearing with break-neck
speed down the steep way up which their
horses were climbing, and on which it
was impossible to pass them. The driver
was thrown . out as they rounded the
curve and cpuld be" seen struggling up
from a pile of rocks upon which ha had
been hurled far below, in the . ravine
which skirted the road.
t, j» — >y A OU was the prettiest
*{5£^VTg5ii2*jj one at the ball last
fojMf&wffilf aJght Priscilla."
il " Han g e<1 w Tou
Prisdlla putherhands
jSrjcgftti&EZixadd over her ears and re
peated the words "you wasn't" with out
raged grammatical scorn.
"The deuce! It's that old language busi
ness again, is it, Pris? I can't break off
old habits— not even the eternal one of
loving you, wife I"
Somewhat mollified by the tender tone
of his words, Prisdlla put on her trim
riding habit and was adjusting her hat
before the glass when Dan called up from
the lower hall:
"Oh, Prisdlla! Were it you who took
my gloves from tha hat rack?"
Priscllla's reply, "It was not" was of
so severe and stately a character that
Dan down below shivered with silent glee;
while up above the mirror reflected to his
wife a countenance over the Judicial
sternness of which a smile flickered like
summer lightning.
They were soon cantering down the
beautiful hedge-lined country lanes, Dan's
dog, Rev, bounding along behind.
"Will we go by Jackson's lane, Pris,
or across the Glen pasture?"
"Will we go?" echoed the girl. "Dan,
your grammar will kill me yet"
"What's up now, Priscilla?" Inquired
Dan, blandly.
"It is 'up' to you, Dan, to use your
'shells' and 'wills' properly." .
"Great Scott!" groaned her husband.
"Sha uses slang!"
Ignoring the Interruption, his wife per
sisted:
"You should, say, ''Shall we go flown
(Copyright. lBOS,'by T. C. McClum.)
"Listen, Dan, to what he says: 'A well
educated gentleman may not .know many
languages— may ; hav© read ~ very tvw
Jackson's lane r. " .
"I see, Priscilla I You shall go down
Jackson's lane whether you will or. not"
"Dan, you are simply absurd," half
laughed, half-pouted his mentor, who was
a bride just from Boston and doted , on
"language"— such language as shuddered
at the trenching of final letters upon the
initial ones of the. word following, and to
whom Italian "a" was fetish, and the un
defiled use of tha futures a cult
Dan's childish associations had bean
more with negro servants than * with
grammarians, all owing to the death of
his mother and the indolent irresponsi
bility of his father. He was unable to
change the habits of speech of a lifetime
— and even thought lightly of the "scru
pulosity" of expression of the few Yan
kees he had known.
He felMn love with Priscilla "head over
heels— boots and all," as he expressed it
when she came on a visit to an aunt of
his, living near his own. ancestral home.
That he had been able to win the girl's
heart showed ¦ that love laughs ¦ at gram
mars as well as at locksmiths; ;
She thought so trivial a matter as his
verbal Inaccuracies could be easily mend
ed, and he believed that what to him was
her puritanical primness of language
would soon give way before : the . breezy
ease and untrammeled freedom of manner
and speech of his beloved South, disdain
ful of cramping rules and 'technical for
malities. In short, he was an educated
man, in whom carelessness of expression
was ingrained, yet • whose vital and vig
orous Ideas were wont. to put to rout his
wife's valiant onslaughts in the : line of
rule and model.
His wife would attack - him .with Rus
kin, to' which he would listen with an im
patience only kept within bounds by his
love for her. '; .i$&nBfU9BBSSttBtRiSSf&B
# THE GRAMMAR OF LGVE--BY «. MARIE TALBOT. *
Quite naturally he fell to talking of his
story and the plot that would not come.
"The man Is an athlete, a splendid fel
low In every way. Him I have modeled
after Philip Lotrldge, a friend of mine
at college. He has won his way up from
the ranks, has my hero, and he is worthy
of any woman living, even the one my
Imagination has created for him. He has
been abroad, and I've fitted him up with
some of the experiences I had myself
while reporting on a New York paper.
But he is doomed to lose her. The Turks
say. you know, 'He that has many horses
hath no wives/ I've endowed him with
money and graces of body and mind, but
I cannot give him the girl he loves.
"And she. Miss Broadhurst If I can
picture her as I see her, should make
me famous. I thought one so sweet and
charming could not exist until I saw you,
and you are her counterpart"
It was no idle compliment no silly at
tempt at flirtation. Swiftly the girl
searched Cartright's mind and found him
sincere. "Thank you, Mr. Cartrlght," she
said simply, yet she colored with.pleas
ure. \
"It may seem queer," he continued,
"but there is a feeling, too strong to be
overcome, that I must part them. I
would give all I have, could they but
marry; yet they cannot It Is what I call
my literary conscience. Often I know
that my stories would sell better were I
to change in some cases even a single
paragraph. But I never do it"
That will ever be a golden afternoon in
Cartright's memory. At times he read
aloud from the book of poems with which
Miss Broadhurst had planned to while
away an hour alone by tha river. More
often they chatted of many things— plays,
books, mutual acquaintances, themselves.
And then long silences would fall, silence
more eloquent than words. In which each
seemed to read the other's unspoken
thought It was wonderful to the girl,
this perfect sympathy and companionship
with a man whom she had not seen until
a few hours before. Two little clouds oc
casionally darkened Cartright's sunshine;
he was plighted to another, and on Miss
Broadburst's slender, pink tipped third
finger a splendid diamond flashed. He
banished these thoughts whenever they
came. "This one afternoon shall be ours,"
be said to himself.
(Copyright, 1903. by T. C. McClure.)
l jf j) X ideal June morning.
n^jVJj^jjjT^B A chorus of bird songs
**i.\ 1^7/3^) VJ? aroused Cartright at
i*»J^//^w\A»*|j EUn up> and> 5' awnln £.
f dow. From pome pre-
J^^Lrtv^B^g historic ancestor, who
£3BJJ£sBBAJB>{£gBg!| killed his food with a
stone ax while the grass was still wet
Cartright had inherited a passion for
tramping through the dew. He dressed
Quickly and started out for a brisk walk.
But inspiration refused to come at Cart
riglit's bidding. With an Instinctive
grasp of the magazine's style, he had
sketched the principal characters of his
story. There must be two — a man and a
woman. The former must be fine and sin
cere and honorable, a gentleman in every
respect who had made a place in the
world by his own efforts. The girl must
be sweet and true, with softly curling
hair, and wide, frank, innocent blue eyes.
The characters must be ideal companions,
warm friends— but not lovers. Cruel cir
cumstances and their own ideals of honor
must send them through the world apart,
even though their very souls, as if alone
In a wilderness, cried each unto the other.
He had been mistaken in his feeling
that morning that the plot was about to
disclose itself, for after breakfast it still
eluded him. He could not think effective
ly in his 6tudy. The free, windswept
porch and his easy chair and pipe were
not the solaces and aids to «stfought he
usually found them. In despair he seized
a fishing rod and started for the river, a
half-mile away.
A Eplash in the water and a little cry
awakened Cartright from the reverie in
which he had fallen. A girl was stand-
Ing on the bridge; her sailor hat had
blown into the river and was floating laz
ily toward him. The fishing rod was
brought into requisition, and a moment
later, bowing, he was presenting the drip
ping hat to its owner.
She was the girl of bis story personified.
He had Imagined his heroine with wavy
hair curled softly about her temples, just
as this young lady's did.
A single glance and she knew him for a
gentleman. Soon they were seated side by
side talking like old friends.
He discovered that her name was Ruth
Broadhurst, and that she was visiting at
Banker Lawton's. Miss Broadhurst knew
of John Cartright, had read some of his
stories. The young man's character and
achievements had been highly spoken of
by the Lawtons, and although the irreg
ularity of their meeting at first troubled
her, the lack of a formal Introduction
soon ceased to make Itself felt
The girl unpinned a rose at her breast
She kissed it and handed It to Cartright
and went her way unseeingly, for her
eyes were filled with tears. She turned
once and looked back. He stood upon the
spot where they had parted. The rose he
held to his lips.
He held It between his own. and bent
impetuously toward her. "Xeetf *ve say
good-by?" he said. "May I not call to
night?"
She raised her eyes to his. They were
both glad and troubled at his words, yet
within their depths vas an appeal he
could not mistake — an appeal to his chiv
alry. "It must be good-by," she said
and then, "And ' so am I." he replied,
gloomily. "I suppose after the 12th of
September I must not even think of you
any more."
; "Wednesday, the 12th? Why, that is
my wedding day." —
"And mine."
Miss Broadhurst smiled as she turned
away. "Mr. Cartwright, there is the plot
for your story."
"Need it be written?" he asked pas
sionately, pleadingly. "That story is so
sad; the saddest I have ever known."
The sweet lips were tremulous, but the
eyes were brave and steady now. "It
must be written," she said softly. "Your
heroine was true and sweet Help her
to 'sweep behind the door,' to remain
true to herself and her promise. And oh
believe me! Though they parted, those
two In the story, she always remembered
him, and," breathlessly, "was sorry, per
haps," that— that they were not to be to
gether, nor even to see each other again."
"And he— the man in the story— was
more than sorry. He would have said
much, yet honor forbade. She gave him
a rose which he always kept And that is
the end of the story."
Cartrlght helped her to her feet every
nerve thrilling at the touch of her little
band.
Everything must come to an end, and
this incomparable day was drawing to a
close. With a start of surprise the girl
noted the slanting sun. "I had no Idea
it was so late." she said. "How the time
has flown." - .
His companion nodded. "I know the
feeling. When I was a little girl my
mother gave me the task of sweeping the
parlor. I did not like it, and at first I did
it hurriedly, leaving unswept the places I
thought would not be discovered. When
mother came to inspect the room her tone
of mingled teproof and surprise filled me
with shame when she said. 'And my Ruth
did not sweep behind the door!' That was
all, yet whenever I am tempted to shirk,
or do anything which is not right I think.
'I must sweep behind the door.' "
Her naive simplicity delighted Cart
right, and he led her to talk of her home
town, her friends and her daily occupa
tions. Yet there "was never a word of
the ring, nor the man who had placed It
upon her finger, and Cartrlght respected
the fine delicacy of her nature.
"Never say die. little glrL We will
S*. m P ?.i nothln « Bha " Prevent It. my
Frlscilla"
" T w U^' are * her °. Danl" The girt'
reached out her hand to him. and In
their clasp thrilled between husband
and wife the love that is above and be
yond all speech and language. ™
I neither will, nor shall, nor could,
should or would be a widow, ril die
when^ou do. Dan," sobbed Priscilla hys
terically. "
"Then you could, should and would
have been a widow. Priscillaf*
"I am vastly flattered by your faith ia
me," he said earnestly. "Still, business
Is business. Tell me how long tt la sine*
the vineyard has given you moderate re
turns?"
"Not since my brother died, three years
ago," she said. "Tha first year I hired
Juan Velasquez aa superintendent He
left at the end of the season and bought
a vineyard of his own down tha river.
It was my fault I gave him full sway.
Then last year, Jim Bartlett. "who owns
the San Joachim vineyards across the
mountains, took it on shares. The yield
was very good, but not as good as Bart
lett's-excuses. Velasquez did leave mo a
little money from an off. year, but Bart
lett took all tha money of a good year—
and boasted about it. too."
"The cur!" said Lee, hotly. "You see,"
be went on, "that's Just why I insist on
this agreement You've only known ma
since I bought out tha vineyard on tha
mountain eight months ago. I may be a
bigger villain than both the others com
bined."
"You differ materially from Valasquea
and Bartlett" she said.
"Heaven send I do." he said sincerely.
She came over to the desk and picked
up the pen.
"If you'll feel better about It, m sign,*'
she said.
"I certainly ¦hall." he asserted.
"Very well, then." she laughed, "only
remember. I shall expect great things,
and If you don't make enough for me to
afford a piano I shall have you la court**
"I'll make It pay as it never has be*
fore," he said earnestly.
"That's just what I fear," aha said, lay
ing down the pen. Tm afraid you wont
be honest— to yourself."
"Oh. I'll be honest enough ta> rayseUt,
never fear," he said, and added ta a Iowa*
tone, "about the vineyard."
"I want you to be honest to yourself
about everything." she said. "You must
be or I won't sign the agreement"
"Well. I can't be honest about tha
agreement"
"Why not?"
"Well." he said, "If I drew up ta4
agreement to honestly suit myself it
would suit the party of tha second part
far less than this one suits me."
"I Insist you draw It up that war," s*a«
said. "I can read It and If It Uat satis
factory I needn't sign."
"You won't be angry or thinly mM a
If I dor* ha asked.
"Of course not" she assured >>»*¦»,
"Very well. You make some more leaves)
on that tray cloth and I'll wrestle wltU
the ink pot once more."
There was silence for several momenta
while Lee's pen traveled rapidly over tha
paper. At length he pushed back tha
chair again.
"It is finished," ha said, "and ready for
your— your disapproval. I realise after a
reading of this I shall be cast Into outer
darkness. And so before that sad event
occurs I want to ask you to tW* aa
kindly of me as you can." Ha picked up
tha paper and faced her with a quaint
gesture of appeal.
"An agreement entered Into this day by,
and between, and so forth.
"Witnesseth: Party of the first party.
being a solitary resident on the bleaSf
slope of Bald Mountain, In a dismal shade
very dreary and lonesome, and further,
being subjected— thrice dally— to the culi
nary machinations of a pseudo-cook, one
Jose by name; said party of tha first part
knowing, moreover, a delightful place la
the valley just below him. and being pos
sessed of an honest sturdy, sincere affec
tion for the owner thereof, who Is the
party of the second part; paxty of the
first part agrees to love, honor and pro
tect party of the second part; to give her
all the happiness in his power so long as
they both do live, provided the party of
the second part will accept party of the
first party in the bonds of matrimony."
His voice ceased, and for several silent
moment she regarded him steadily.
"It's hardly satisfactory," she said.
"I knew it" he groaned.
"It's hardly satisfactory." sha said as
her eyes suddfefy fell and her face
flushed crimsonr. "because no mention is
made of the "hones V sturdy, sincere af
fection' of the party of the second part
If— if you can insert that I'll sign."
to think of It What If those awful run
away horses had killed you?" and aha
shuddered-iasssl "
seems to is a to be utterly superfluous.
You know I trust you fully."
. j J EB blotted the closely
pSSiJn^E?IsM written page and
flfoWvU'Aff pushed back his chair
ttli&J/aAjl from th0 daJnty desl1
\ll^«5£*i befor * h» had
T^H lO^jW/jiL been writing. Ha did
[(^^^('S| this that ha might feast
i iiiiir " i^Tillll his eyes on ths profile
of the young woman who sat beside tha
big, red-shaded lamp, her brown head
bent over some snowy linen In a diminu
tive embroidery frame.
The room in which they sat was large
and low-celled. It was, moreover, a
homelike*-^ comfortable sort of place.
There were etchings on the walls, skin
rugs on the polished floor, bits of dainty
bric-a-brac on tha mantel and desk; on
the great hearth a little blaze sputtered
cheerfully, bidding gay defiance to the
raindrops which rattled against the win
dows.
Lea thought of his own bare shack on
tha «lda of Bald Mountain— lt» rough In
terior; the clutter of papers and caps and
spurs on his desk; the walls devoid of or
nament save maps and advertising
prints; the floors long unswept and tha
smell of old Jose's rather erratic cook-
Ing filling every nook and corner. Aa he
contrasted his abode with this room he
sighed, and at tha sound the young wo
man glanced up quickly from her work.
"Completed V sha asked with a smile.
"Tea." he said, "after a fashion— a
rather original fashion. I fear. In the eyea
of the law. I trust, however." he added,
with a laugh, "it won't be carried into
court Here It Is." .
He picked up the page before him and
read aloud:
"An agreement entered Into en this, the
twenty-first day of March, A. D. 1901. by
and between John O. Lee of Banta Maria,
County of El Pladdo, party of the first
part, and Elizabeth M. Towne of Santa
Maria, County of El Placido, party of the
second part, wltnesseth:
"Party of the first part agrees to cultl
rate the vineyard of the party of the sec
ond part for the period of ona. year; all
laborers, implements and irrigation to ba
furnished by party of the first part; party
of the first part to harvest the yield and
to dispose of such yield In such manner
as seems most advantageous at the time
of harvesting.
- "Party of the first part further agrees
to pay to party of the second part one
half of the gross Income thus derived;
payment to be made to party of the sec
ond part upon receipt of money by the
party of the first part
"Witness my hand and seal,
"JOHN O. LEE,
"Party of the First Part"
"If If s all right you might sign beside
my name," - he said.
"The document is perfectly satisfactory
it Itself." she explained, "but really. It
(Copyright, IMS, by T. C McClure.)
By M. J. PKillips.
PLOT FOR THE STORY
LEES' LEGAL WOOING
By John Barton Oxford.
As he played he heard a window raised
in the house next door and reflected un
easily that come one would probably
shout across to him to keep his fiddle
playing for the daytime. However, no
protest came, and he changed the air ha
was playing to Schubert's Serenade.
Scarcely had ho taken up the-vmeasure
of this than he heard a voice acconuiany
ing him. N» words were sung: it^-as a
eort of hummlnz, but in a voice of so
pure a soprano quality that he was
thrilled through and through. Then ha
played one of Sauer's peasant love songs,
and the voice still accompanied him, this
time singing the words very softly. But
other windows in his own house were
It 'was not until business hours wer«
over, his dinner eaten and the violin and
himself in close companionship on the
little balcony that, he decided he was at
last in love. Then he took the violin
into his confidence, cuddling it up to his
chin and playing very softly, a little love
pong of the Rhine country. It was a
light thing, rippling and ] sunshiny, and
it seemed to express his feelings. He
wondered if Helen was musical. She
must be > her face was bo sensitive, he
decided.
blonde, untidy looking tcllow who so ad
mired her at first sight. Bl* Herman was
a handsome fellow, despite the careless
manner in which he dressed, ami the new
stenographer often glanced at him ap
provingly when she knew he was looking
the other way.
Mr. Drummond. the senior partner in
the firm. Introduced Herman to the new
stenographer. He knew Herman's lepu
tation for shyness, and only by a great
effort kept down a smile when he saw
the big German blush conspicuously upon
meeting the frank glance of the young
girl. The Introduction over, Herman
promptly turned to his books, more for
the purpose of letting the blush die away
than for any other reason. As he pored
over the books he reflected with delight
that the girl's name. Helen Dumont, was
a name that eminently suited her.
This went on al% through tha spring
and Herman began to lose flesh under
th« strain of trying to decide whether ha
was in love with a beautiful girl or a
beautiful voice. Time and again ha
wrestled unavailing with the shyness
which prevented him from getting better
acquainted ~with Helen Dumont He often
met her on his way home in the evening
and knew that she lived somewhere close,
but ha could never quite get his courage
up to the point of asking permission to
call on her.
Then ha made up his mind that ha
would sea tha owner of Tha Voice. Ha
knew that she lived In tha house next
to the place- where ha boarded, but a pro
jecting bay window cut off the view of
this house from his window and ha had
no way of knowing what room tha owner
of The Voice occupied.
One evening in June ha made his op
portunity. * At tha end of a wait* sons;
which ha had been playing, ha softly
laid down his violin and stepped, on to tha
next armed fire-escape balcony. Ha waa
long armed and athletic, bo It waa with
little difficulty that ha worked his way
along from one flre-escape to another un
til he had rounded tha point of tha bay
raised to protest at tha muslo. From tha
window where tha singer sat a silvery
laugh floated out. Tha window closed
and the voice accompanied bis music no
more that night.
Next day at tha office he stola many
furtive glances at Miss Dumont and tried
to decide whether ha was in love with
her or with the voice he had heard the
night before— already he was beginning
to think of it as The Voice, mentally cap
italizing the words. Before the day was
over he decided that h© was in love with
Helen Dumont. The graceful turn of her
head and the. purity of expression In her
big brown eyes seemed to him worth all
the voices In the world. But in the even-
Ing The Voice again accompanied his
violin playing and, for an hour, ha was
near to forgetting: Miss Dumont
And It was in the spring that he fell in
love. Not once, but twice. Now, it was
grateful to his Teutonlcally sentimental
eoui to fall in love, but it is difficult even
for a German musician to love two wo
men at one* with whole-«ouled enthusi
asm. Yet he was not exactly in love with
two women; he was In love with a woman
and with a voice. ,
The woman was the new stenographer
In the office of Drummond & Hart. Slen
der, brunette and dainty, sh© was ' In
every respect antithetical to the big.
¦ j "T'EEri ERMAN MULLEB
ksj^^^rapfri was thlrt >'» very 8hy *
Ti5B*\3j/B©'ii very muslcal and was
I l^n r* vcry mucn Jn love - The
I rr^B 7 § f2Ct thal he wa " very
r 't/|j!?.,S »|shy and very much In
1 ' 1 love disturbed him
UMsr*"™^£s- greatly and the fact
that he was very musical disturbed other
people, particularly the people in the
house where he boarded. This house was
In a very quiet part of Brooklyn, and
from it Herman went to his work in New
Tork even* morning and returned in the
evening. During business hour*, from 9 to
t he was Herman Muiler. head bookkeep
er for the Importing firm of Drummond &
Hart. After business hours he was "that
moon-eyed Dutchman who plays the fid-
Herman had tried one boarding-house
after another, but never had he found one
where violin playing by night was encour
aged either by landlady or the other
boarders. Finally, he had moved Into this
house and. In desperation, resolved to
brave all the unkind remarks. The quiet
part of the city suited him. and. really,
the other hoarders were not as entirely
unreasonable as some others he had
known. Opening on to his room was a
email fire-escape balcony, and he had se
cured permission to sit on this In the
evenings and play his violin softly. The
softness was stipulated by the concession
aries. It was very cold on the balcony
In winter time, but he was always cheered
vj> by the society of his beloved "fiddle"
and the knowledge that spring was com
ing.
(Copyright. 1303. by T. C. McClure.)
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Muiler live la
ona of Naw York's prettiest suburbs in a
cottage where violin muslo and singing
can disturb no neighbors. Tha wife la
just as happy as a woman can ba wh»
takes vast pride In her husband's talent
and stupidity; she is prouder aven of his
stupidity than of his talent. Herman—
well, he has never gotten over falling la
lova with his wlfa twice, a thing possible
only to stupidity like his.
And. onca having told his lor* with ths
violin, ha had less difficulty than ha an
ticipated when ha called on Helen Du
xnont the following evening and proposal
In dua form.
As he reached the point of the bay
window he peeped cautiously around it.
He saw a girl leaning out of a window
and he Instantly darted back. The girl
was Helen Dumont. He had not known
she lived bo close to him and he hoped
she had not seen him. He resolved to
wait where he was. until the girl with
The Voice should come £>ack to her win
dow. He had to wait only a few moment*
before he heard The Voice, humming the
refrain of the waltz song which be had
been playing a few minutes before. Again
peeping cautiously around the wall he
again saw only Helen Dumont. She saw
him and laughed that sweet, silvery
laugh he had heard before.
It struck him suddenly and very for
cibly that he was a fool, a big German,
musical, sentimental fool. Ths owner of
The Voice wa» Helen Dumont There
fore, he mutt be twice as much la love
with Helen as he had thought It possible
to love a woman, i Vary Quietly ho mad*
his way back to his own balcony and
picked up his violin again. 12. stupid fool
that he was, he could not speak for him
self, he could make his instrument speak
for him. The Voice was silent, but he
did not care. He knew that aha must
understand. As a finale ha played a com
position of his own and r»treat«d wlthla
his. own window only In tlma to esoap*
epithet* hurled at him from half a dozea
nearby houses.
window. The bright moonlight made him
easily visible on the flre-escape and ha
knew that he stood an excellent chancy
of being shot for a burglar, but physical
danger was not half so terrifying as the*
prospect of continuing longer with bis
love divided between a vole* and a
woman.
SUNDAY CALL'S
HALF HOUR
.STORIETTES
THE * SUNDAY CALL.
VERY LATEST
LITERACY
NOVELTIES
6
VOICE AND VIOLIN\\hen the extreme parlosjty of the hay business finally gained admission
to Mr. Careneedy's thought works he threw his pondering machine imo ! "ear
and proceeded to turn out a few wind and water proof ideas for the preven
tion of cruelty to dividends. In the course of time he stumbled over the con
elusion that the whole trouble was because he was believed to be of the
f^— QR. ANDREW CARENEEDY was a capitalist by trade and
vL«»"^' l '^]^'i: > ' a bf::c{actor of mankind by accident. That's the way man
£*¦/>•£/1& kind ls usu - 1 - ! >' bent-n'.cd. if the truth were known. Tne man
W ' 1Q startC(j out with tne deliberate intention of makms
: '*WA Uv ° b '"' lvics °' cra55 Srow where only one erew before
I wouId VTohzh] y c:i l h y pulling up the poor little blade that
| : S5S2^£jSSa3j: w& 6 already doing business. It's the man with one eve on
jE=sS5-5aea=fcsssii the market price of hay who succeeds in doubling— and
cornering— the world's visible suoolv of grass. But as we intimated above.
Mr. Careneedy's first aim and intent was to make an extra fine, all-wool
capitalist of himself. So far as he was concerned his fellow-man mieht emi
grate to Mars or Missouri or any other out of the way corner of the uni
verse, so long as the market for the particular style of grass that he was
cultivating: was not injured thereby.
For a time the *rass business flourished like a green bay tree — if the tree
can be bay and green at the same time— but as the years -rolled on and the
shekels rolled up the feeling beean to spread among the unfjfateful caters of
grass that they were payinz overmuch for their baled hay and were Retting
only an indifferent quality of chopped straw at that. Jn addition "to this sore
instance of base inRratitude. Mr. Careneedy's mowers began to murmur
among themselves and to insinuate that while they raked the hav and 'did
other Maud Muller stunts in the sweat of their brows Mr. Carencedv sat in
the lee of a roll-top desk in the shadow of the fretful telephone and the lo
quacious typewriter and did rather more than his fair share of rakine of an
other sort. In fact it was openly charged that while his barns were loaded
down to the Phrrlsoll mark with the finest quality of long green erass his la
borers were forced to content themselves with what they could comb out of
their hair after the day's toil was ended. These ignorant haymakers had
never learned that fundamental maxim of the business world that heaven helps
men who help themselves if they are careful not to get caught at it
¦- At first the worthy capitalist was too much engrossed in a scheme for
increasing the normal number of blades of grass three and even four times
-instead of only two, as was the old-fashioned business practice— by a iudi
acms process of irrigation to pay any heed to the jealous muttering of the
men who bought his hay or of those who cut it. It was not until receipts
began to fall off and there were rumors of a strike in the hayfield that he
wakened to the fact that his affairs were fast getting into a parlous condition
Now. no self-KSoecting capitalist likes to get into a parlous condition In
the first place it s a safe bet that he doesn't know what the word means
moreover, when he finds out he likes it even less, for parlous is merely the
French for all to the bad. •
tiv' "It's terrible," he says, "that .the Government sets back
and- lets such fearful . outrages go on. Then there's some
other things I've heard ab # out that nearly makes my blood
freeze^,. They say that' in some, places the railroads go on
keepih' grade crossin's because they don't want to spend
the money it would' cost to raise or lower their tracks, and
that sometimes they: run -over people and kill them. But
I know that 'can't be true." ;^/
It seemed to nearly take his breath away.
"Dobbs." says' 1., .. * ¦ $£§; -,
"Dobbs?" he says. "I'm glad to hear you say that. I
never seen a Dobbs yet that wasn't a sneak and a coward.
It would be a good thing if the % whole blamed tribe was
wiped out, and I'd; like to help do the wipin'."
So you can't always tell how terrible a fellow is by the
.way .he talks. '-'¦ .*''V' '
, The next day . I got into conversation with a real
Breathitt County citizen. He seemed to be a peaceable
sortof a chap, too, as fur as you could tell by his appear
ance.- But he was a great argufier. He told me he never
'.got mixed up in enny of the feuds and he didn't have enny
excuses to make for men that snuck up behind others and
shot them. '.. * . .. .. •
"But." he says, "it's terrible the way people act up there
in some of your cities in the North, and I can'r believe some
times that all we hear about it is true. Do they actually
run, them automobiles so fast through the streets that they
make horses run away and kill people?"
"I've heard of a few cases of that kind," I says.
Y ."And do, they mn the machines over children right in the
streets?" he asked roe.
. I told him, "I've heard about them doin' it."
bush, so I told him the first name that popped into my
head, which was my own.
"I knew by your look the minute I seen you that you'd
do it, but I beat you one. I've helped at five of them
kind of parties."
I didn't like the way he tried to. get up close to me, but
it seemed a little risky to move away from him, because you
-never can tell when these touchy people are goin' to get in
sulted, so I set there and let my flesh creep every time he
touched me. ' . . , . ; '
"Ever kill any white men?" he asked, pretty soon.
I didn't dare to tell him I hadn't, and yit I was afraid. if
I told him I had he might want to know who it was, and
me not knowin' him I might give him the name of some
body that was on his side in a feud.
I've seen things that seemed more, pleasant than bein'.
there alone in the dinin' room with that chap, and I made
up my mind that the place was as bad as it had been re
ported and there wasn't any use of my.stayin' to do any
more investigate'. I thought I'd leave as early as it was
light enough to see the next mornin', if I happened to be
livin' then: but while I was thinkin' about it the, landlord
came in and looked at us and then.went out again. When
we were alone once more the- bloodthirsty lookin* chap"
asked me again if I had any feuds goin' on, and I told him
I wasn't mixed up in any then, but that I'd had several and
believed they "were good things. ; - . .
"You bet. they are," he says; "there's nothin' like •
good lively feud to clear the moral atmosphere. What waa
the name of the man you shot last?" ' ' . '.
, "I. thought I was in for it then sure, but I knew it
would be faitle to let him think I was beatin' around the
I thought if I said no he might think I was not, in
sympathy with the way they do things down here, so; I told
him I'd helped at four lynchin's, and he leaned over and
said in a kind of whisper: „ .'.•¦¦ .
W?/ 3J^f £i IT down here to Jackson, Ky..
Wf figb **( 9 irom Mulberry Center this past week
to sc . c for myself about the terrible
'^¦^VZ^W^^m con^ snen °f tn e people in this unlucky
part of the countr y- l kind of cx 
\ffi**$ A*£| P*^ t0 set shot at when I struck
I \\ Ijff 1 Brcathitt County, but nothin' worse
*^ than a boy askin' in a sassy kind of a
way if I kept my mouth open when I
was lookin' around, because I seen out of it happened till
1 was eatin' supper up to the tavern.
There I got into an argument with a man who struck
me right off as a suspishus character. I could see by the
gieam in his left eye that he would as soon shoot a man
in the back as peel an orange, and there was something
about the way he drew in his under lip that made me fed
sure right off he was one of the degenerates we hear about.
I didn't want to have anythin' to say to the feller, thinkin'
it was just as well not to get into a fuss, but he started it
and I had to answer hhn, because I thought he might feel
insulted and want to pick a feud if I pretended not to
notus him.
"It seems to me," he says, lookin' at me with one of the
murderousest gleams I ever seen in a human eye, "that the
people in the North might be doin' a good deal better than
makin' a fuss about every little thing that happens down
here."
"Yes," I says, thinkin' I better agree with him, "they
might But one great trouble with most people is they
want to scold other people. It helps them to forget their
own troubles."
"Did you ever help to lynch a negro?" he says.
crossin's."
I could act shully see him shivcrin', it seemed to shock
him so.
"Great heavens 1" he says, "what kind of people are yon
to let such outrages keep groin* on right along? Why
don't you order out the militia to stop it? I'd be afraid
if I lived up there where such things happen to ever let my
children out of the house alone for fear I'd never see them
alive again. But there's one thing I've read about that
simply can't be true, and that's about the way they doctor
the milk sometimes with poison and then sell it to people
to give to their babies. Stranger, it's terrible what you say
about the automobiles and railroads runnirr* over and
killin' ' people, but I believe you are honest, so I wouldn't
doubt your word, although it don't hardly seem possible
that such things could be in a civilized land where the twen
tieth century's goin' full blast. But when it comes to the
poisoned milk for the babies, that's too much. I won't be
lieve that about anybody." '
* I felt kind of ashamed to own up, but I told him it was
true, and he set there and looked at me with the pittifulest
look I ever seen on a human bein*. I could see that he
thought I was crazy on the subject and was just tryin' to
make things out worse than they were because I was proud
of it
Yours for the protection of glass houses,
JEFFERSON DOBBS.
Copyright, 1903, by Simpson Hodges Co, Chicago
"I guess it is," I answered. "I've known of cases where
they killed fifteen or twenty people at a time at one of
them kind of crossin's."
, "Go on," he says. "Now you're just boaatin'."
"It ain't anything to boast about," says I. "Every few
days a baby or some old person is run over at one of those
THE ORACLE TELLS OF THE CITY'S BARBARIANS.
genus commonly known as tight-wad. People didn't object to his making
money by the pailful, but they were extremely sore over the fact that he im
mediately transferred it to a barrel and after driving in the bung with a sledge
hammer proceeded to sit on the barrel.
The only thing for our friend Careneedy to do in such a case was to un
limber his watering-can and sprinkle some of the blessings of Providence
and the hay business around among his fellow men. It wasn't so much that
he loved his fellow man as -that he didn't want him butting into his boudoir
some dark night with an injunction in one hand and a chunk of dynamite in
the other. Also he knew that it was more blessed to give than to receive—
what he was likely to receive if he didn't loosen up.
In accordance with this pious determination he forthwith announced that he
had decided to found a college for the study of decomposed languages and
the investigation of the private habits of dragon-flies. . .
By this time the worthy 'Careneedy's zeal was thoroughly fired with all
the furnaces going and the forced draught on. Not satisfied with the great
works for the uplifting of his fellow man that he had set on foot he said to
himself: "Go to. I will hold out the helping hand to my poor brothers
who faint in my hayfields. They have made hay for me while the sun shone
mighty hot and they have eaten their bread in the sweat of their browa —
because they couldn't afford salt. Now will I repay them even as a young
spendthrift to his long-suffering tailor on his way back from bis poor but
rich grandfather's funeral."
Then he called his hirelings together and gently broke the news to them
that he had prepared a special lot of benefactor stock to be issued free of
charge to his faithful employes. He omitted to mention that no dividend
would be paid on the stock until the holders of bonds and preferred and com
mon stock, the insatiable but necessary reserve fund, the fund for repair and
maintenance, and the fund' for the promotion of irrigation and general better
ment interests had been attended to. Being only ignorant workinjrmen the
hirelings jumped at the conclusion that a share in the hand was worth a raise
in the walking delegate's mind.
Then was all smooth sailing for the worthy Careneedy. His university
has prospered and became a power — one horse-^-in the land; his devotion
to the cause of science and advancement of civilization nets him half a bushel
of degrees every commencement: and he has a fair chance to go to the grave
amid the tears, of a sorrow-stricken populace, weeping because they can
touch his hand— or his pocket— never again. His hay is known and bought
by a grateful and loving people in preference to any one else's because he is
such a philanthropic soul, and his jolly(ed) haymakers have stood for two
cuts in their wages since they learned his philanthropic intentions toward]
them. i "I > '-" ? . „ ,. '^. :: '. :
The lesson that his career contains for all struggling capitalists every
where is that it pays to cast bread upon the waters if we are careful to tie
a strong string to it before making the cast.
6 Copyright, 1003, by Albert Britt
THE SUNDAY CAM*
WHY IS A BENEFACTOR?
FABLE for the FOOLISH
1^2-^5=3 HEN a married man invests in a talking machine the Cor
*i^r^Z!Q"~f5 oner's office should be notified.
'"'W^^jK Thcrc are lots of ways of talking, but only one way to
.\^/,iigJf£ hold your tongue.
r^£sl&&l A woman can cheapen herself until she is like a bar
• • •
If a woman be too clever men think her a prig; if she is not at all
deTcr they think her a fooL
• •
Despair murders hope and dies the suicide's grave. t
• • •
Contentment is as antidote ajrainst pessimism.
• * • •
Some people are so nniovely that no one would want to give them even
decent banal were it not for the neces-ty of getting rid of the corpse.
• * • •
If yon don't want to do anything don't do it; but if you do do it, do it
• • • .
People who are so verr sensitive regarding their rights are more ego
tistical than agreeable.
• • •
The man who is seeminglv a failure is often an epitome of courage.
• • •
Always love blindly- If roa »ee too much you may not love so much.
• • ?
A task that is cheerfully done is half done.
• * •
A home without love is like a van!t where soulless bodies He.
• • - • . /
When a woman ceases to love her husband she is generally hunting for
tremble and finds it. . .
• * •
When we part with hope and courage Despair tolls the requiem.
•• • •
Even a crown of laurel may prove a crown of thorns.
• . • •
It's all right to hustle, but never hurry. The fellow who hurries wor
ries.
• * *
To Idas and make up in time may save lots of alimony.
• • - •
Whea a rich man is wicked he is only delightfully, naughty and ec
centric, while the poor man is awfully bad.
• • • -;¦•»¦¦
When one is in trouble help him first and sympathize ' and lecture
afterward.
• • *
Cultivate friends rather than lovers. Friends are rational, but lovers—
oh, well, some women have had experience.
We may help scores to bear their burdens, but we are apt to be mighty
lonesome when bearing our own.
• • *
Never kits a married woman: the husband may sue for damages
• ? •
Worry will take all the ringer out of a fellow, while defeat will keep
him fighting mad.
• » ? ¦
A wife should always be well supplied with soothing syrup. Husbands
become restless at times.
• * *
Education may spoil a laborer, but a laborer is never spoiled bv edu
cation.
• • *
Domestic naughtiness is like trouble — if you go hunting for it, it will
surely meet you half-way. «
When a woman we* for damages the man fight*. No man wants dam
aged good* C O. D. ;/;.
It's the little things of life that make the mighty wheels go roaod.
A moral coward is often afraid to do that which he knows to be right.
* • • .
It may be very heroic to suffer and be 'strong. But when one really
suffers he is apt to feel rather weak.
• • •
People who are so good as to be good for nothing are very trying to
those who have to do the hustling for them.
If people were happy in proportion to the sagging of their purses the
millionaire would be too full to be comfortable, while the poor man could
not even purchase a "smile."
i • • •
It's real sad when an every-day club woman has to be her ows press
Even ft worm will turn if you tread on it, but it's mean to trtad
on it. ' • :'. •:
• • . *
It may be harrowing to one's feelings to hear people Quarrel in public,
but it's downright nauseating to see them spooning.
• * :•.¦-
You can always save money if you don't spend it
Women are born fighters. If you don't belirr* it watch the reports el
the Daughters and Mothers.
;::•'.• ;/?• .7
Money may not be the well-spring of happiness, but yon can't eres
take a "smile" if you haven't the price.
• • •
People who are paid to laujrh seldom smile when off duty. The sad
dest looking specimen of human misery I ever saw waa the editor of ft
comic weekly. . '
* * •; >
A desire to do as we ought to do may be ft spur to do fts we would 1
like to do, and by doing as we ought to do we may be able to do as wt
When a rich woman marries a penniless man does she becoxn#% Ball
carrier?
¦.:«• " • •
A pretty man Is one of Nature's sarcasm*.
A man sees life through his stomach rather than bis eyea, II bis
stomach is well behaved the world wears a imlla. II not. a djspegtic
B " n - , £ * •
A little woman who faints can put to rout a whole load of brrre (?) men.
¦ . ¦ * - • •
The sentimental woman who fairly drowns herself over the sorrow* or
the matinee idol and the ten-cent heroine is often the toughest kind of prop
osition when it comes to the sufferings of real life.
•;-.^\ ? ? ?
Where there's a will there's a way. That's all right, but which wmy?
The right way, the wrong way or the other way? On, pshaw t any old way.
.--. ... - . * - * •
A woman dresses to please herself, but it flatters a man's vanity to think
that she dresses to please him. He would pretty soon be sure of this if ho
asked her to wear anything she thought unbecoming.
• * ?
Women are born gamblers; that is why they take such reckless matri
monial chances.
' . ? ¦• •
When a woman is Rood, she's awfully good; but when she's bad she fa
devilish.
7
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
Db You See
Tliat Cat?
iFtinny, Isn't It?
Well, It's Not Half
as Funny as the
One You WH1
See on This Page
Next SundayAt last they stumbled . into a hostelry
kept. by -a man whose name was Arm
strong. Their horses were taken care of
Thus it came about that thre%. sup
posed drovers took their way to the bor
der by a route which drovers ; were never
known to , travel before . and besides this
they were traveling empty banded toward
England, whereas real drovers faced the
south with their herds before: them and
the north with' those herds sold or stolen.
Not. one, of the. three had Ih^hls vocabu
lary a single word pertaining to the cattle
trade and every, man with whom . they
spoke .knew at. once that whatever else
they might be they were not drovers, and
so the ill-fated three went, -.blundering
through the freebooters' country, climb
ing hills and descending dales, and fright
ening honest folk with the questions they
asked. WBBmBmBt- ¦
horses and are off to the border as fast
as two good steeds' can carry them."
When the ' cobbler came • to . the castle
with Sir David the King led the way to
one of his small private rooms and there
sketched out the argument on both sides
of the question with great Impartiality.
"Here are three men of open minds,"
said the King. "I propose that for the
next week, or thereabouts, we three shall
be honest cattle: merchants, who . will
mount our honest horses and take a quiet
bit of a Journey along the border." ,
"My good sir, you are mistaken; we are
on the" other rslde of [the ~ market: We are
sellers and 1 not buyers.", ¦ .
. . "So « was ; Judas," '. said ' the i Incomer, . his
politeness giving way to an .expression of
fierceness and : cruelty whicn .went. far* to
terrify, two . of the seated men; ' "Are" you
"You are quite right," replied the. King.
"I have in my. byres near by," continued
the man, "some of ' the finest ; stirks that
ever stood on four hoofs. Would you i be
willing to come and give me your opinion
of- them, -and say., how much you are to
pay. for. as, many; as: you. need?"
Again* the man swept his bonnet nearly
to the floor, and his six L men," who. stood
back against the wall as. -if .to give. the
speaker . the stage * In ;" the center ' of < the
floor; glanced one at" another. "¦• The King,
however, was - unruffled, ¦ and he - replied
with a twinkle In his eye : - " , ; .
stalwart Individual who cast a QUtcic
glance from one to the other of the three
who were seated. His eye rested on the
King, whom, with a quick intuition, he
took to be the leader of the expedition,
and • doffing his feathered , bonnet : In a
salutation that had more of mockery than
respect in it. he said:
"I hear that, like myself, you're in tha
cattle trade., and that you're anxious to
learn the prospect of ; doing . business In
this mountain • locality." _ . ..
- . ¦ .¦ ; . ... ... , . . * .*-»¦
you,, and what right have' you to" m&l
your, demands in such a'toa*?" ii\- ¦ •
'¦ "Ah, then, there's some spirit among
the. three of you.-. I am glad to see that.
Who am I? I 'am. Johnny Armstrong.
Did, you, ever ; hear tell .-of f him? -'And I
suspect that your cattle are grown In. the
high town of Stirling. Am I. right in that?
It , is , in '. Stirling -that ) you can . sell what
you ,:' may cllf t \ on - the. , border; 1 and ,your
cattle . will , be* paid - for '• in - King's . gold.'
You . are ' spies, . my „ fine V gentlemen, t and
know aa little about cattle as I know of
the , King and , his court.'/ \
The King rejoined calmly:
''The ° country , Is "at peace. . There can
be no spies except in time of , war. ".-.,.'/¦
"IsMt \ even: so? /.Then - what >; are ; you
three doing ,< rampaging ' up . and down ¦ my
land : on J the . border ?"'
"That the lands may be yours we do not
wstream, arriving ;at last, much to their
>[. relief, ¦ at a' stronghold; of vast extent, slt
; uated ;ori' a .beetling rock that overhung
s* the V river.*. : .
'. The prisoners were conducted to. a small
' room,*,whlch«.had. the roof .of ; the, tower
for, its celling."* In a corner of * the .cell
.¦cowered > a- very abject ; specimen of 'the
human race.ywho, .when ;the others came,
! seemed .anxious to attract as little at
tention as possible. ...
.{Armstrong 'ajrain-with; his 'owi;' hands
.¦ removed^ the f remaining .cords from the
prisoners/and the three stretched up their
arms, glad to find -them at liberty once
j more. ,_.-." ,< ...,.,.,' -^ .. ... v .
'"Place the torch; in its holder,"., said
Johnny. "Now, gentlemen.', that' will last
"long 'enough to light 'you to -your, supper,
which -. you . 1 will find • on •* the ' floor behind
you. I'm sure you will rest here com-
"Well, you see," replied Flemming,
"the rope's short, but It's very thick." ,.
"I don't see how that Is to help us."
"There are nine or ten strands that
"Oh, no: nor till late • in'" the day to
morrow. -They'll be down . there eating
and'- drinking till all hours. Then they
sleep long."
"Very well. Untie the other end of the
rope, and see you crawl back here with
out falling." -:,-,.-. .
As the prisoner obeyed Instructions
Flemming rose to his feet and began
feeling In his pockets, drawing forth at
last a large brown ball.
"What Is . your, plan, cobbler?**^ asked
the King, with interest. » . ,,i .<¦
"I'm wonderlngjf this man would ven«
ture out to the end of the beam and untie
the rope." .suggested Flemming.
"Oh. I'll.- do that willingly!" cried the
prisoner. "But what Is- the use of It?
It's about ten times .too short, as the
Armstrongs well know."
"Are we 'likely/.' to be disturbed here
through" the night?" asked Flemming.
Peter had drawn. In the rope and its
sinister loop lay on the floor, its further
length resting on the window sill and
extending out to the en£ of the beam.
The cobbler examined it with Interest.
% "Come," cried the King, "there is little
use letting a supper wait for the eating
merely because we seem to have gone
wrong In our inquiries about the cattle."
Neither th« ooet nor the cobbler had
any appetite for supper, but the King
was : young and hungry, and did justice
to the hospitality of the Armstrongs.
"Have you been here long?" he asked
of the prisoner .In the corner.
"A good whlle.Vjanswered the latter de
spondently. "I don't know for how long.
They hanged my mate."
"I saw that. Do they hang . many here
about T" * {
VI "think they do," replied the prisoner.
"Some fling themselves " down on the
rocks and others are . starved to death.
You see the Armstrongs "go off on a raid
and there's no one here to bring us food,
for the women folk don't like to tamper
with "^that ' machine that comes to the
lower* stair. I doubt if Johnny starves
them Intentionally, but he's kept away
sometimes longer', than >' he expects."'
"Bless me!" cried the King.' "Think of
this, happening in ' Scotland!? And how,
cobbler, what are we to do?"
.••J.rfve tou fair warning." he cr-.cd,
"that iT the KIiik's forcts are turne-i
fiK&inst the borderers, xny sword helps
my neighbors."
"And I say the same," shouted Cock
burn of Henderland.
Some of the opposition were about to
epeak. but the King held up his hand for
ellence.
••'That' is treason." he : said quietly.
"Adam Scott. I have heard that you are
called King of the. Border. Scotland Is
blessed with a number of men who are
King of this or King of that, and I am
sure I make no objection, as long as they
do. .not . fort'fit the difference that exists
between a King In name and a King in
reality. I asked for advice, but not for
threats."
Then to the whole assemblage he went
on:i ¦..;¦- •- . .
"Gentlemen. I thank you for, your coun
«eL. I shall give a. soothing- reply to my
uncle's Ambassador, keeping In mind the
peace that exists between the two coun
tries, and then I shall take what has been
said on each side into consideration and
let.vott know the result."
Accepting this as dismissal, those three
congregated withdrew, save only Sir Da
vid' Lyndsay, the King having made a
Eign for him to remain.
"Davie," continued the King, "send
down to th« town for the cobbler: send
for Flemmingr; he Is a common sense
canny body. He shall be the Solomon of
tbe occasion."
As the rhvmf r left tbe room Sir Don
ald Sinclair came clanking In, seemingly
In something of a hurry. •
"Was ft your Majesty's pleasure," be
ran Sir Donald, "to have detained Adam
Ecott and Cockburn?" -
"No. - Why do you ask?"
"Because : they have mounted . their
The King frowned slightly, but said
nothinp. and then Adam Scott of Tushie
law had to thrust his bull neck into the
noose.
booty with them.
The Khig gathered his nobles about him
and lai<J the case before them. Not a
tr.an anionit thein but what was '. older
than himself, and therefore more experi
enced. James requested advice regarding
the act^n U might be thought wise to
take. The . "English protest,' <hey:\ said,
was courteously made. The evil was un-.
doubted,- and had existed unchecked for
years, growing- .worse rather,': than bet
ter. Henry tVIII, who now occupied the
English" throne, ¦¦ was a strong and deter
mined roan, and this continued source of
irritation In the northern part of his
realm might' -easily lead to a deplorable
war between the two countries. In addi
tion. James of Scotland was nephew to
Henry of England, and the expostulation
from uticle to nephew was of the mildest,
without any .threat even intimated.
"In truth," " said the King, "I would
rather .lead ' an army against England,
with England In tbe right, than against
my own countrymen, even If they were
In the wrong."
This remark seemed to encourage cer
tain gentlemen there present, who .up -to
that moment bad not spoken. Tbe Karl
of BotbwelL as the highest in rank among
the silent phalanx, stepped forward and
said:
"Your Majesty, there are always two
Bides to a question, and. with your per
mission. I should be glad to put a word
for those border riders who have been
so ruthlessly condemned by men who
know nothing of them. In the first place,
your. Majesty, these border men have had
to stand the first brunt of all Invasions
ln£o our. country for centuries past.
There is one thing certain, that if the
King of Scotland exercises the power he
undoubtedly possesses, and crushes the
border forces, he will have destroyed a
stanch bulwark of his realm, and I quite
agree with those gentlemen who have
epoken so eloquently against the border
ers, that the King of England and the
people of England will be well pleased."
'It i« easy for those to speak well of
the nike who have not felt the prod of
Us point." cried Lord Maxwell, angrily.
"Few English invasions have reached
Stirling, but every one of them has cross
ed the border. What matters the lifting
of some English cattle? The Southerners
never scrupled to eat good Scottish beef
whenever they set foot on Scottish soil.
1 -vould hang the English envoy for dar
ing to ccite to a Scottish King with com
pluintn of cattle Uftiac."
THE King, wishing to decide wisely,
v.-*,s troubled by a conflict of evi
dence/ A courier from England had
brought formal complaint that,
while the two countries were osten
sibly at ptace, the condition alcng the
border was practically a state of war.
Raids were continually being made from
the southern portion of Scotland across
the boundary into England, and the rob
bers retreated unscathed to hide them
ffhfs among the hills, carrying their
(Copyright by Robert Barr.)
•The revenues of Scotland are sufficient
as they are, Armstrong," replied th«
King". <{||*3pB
"Harry, of England" will be glad to hear
that the King of Scotland has destroved
twoscore of his stoutest warriors."
•Tbe King of England Is my relative
and I shall be happy to please him. The
deference of Scotland Is my care and I
have honest men enough In my army to
see that It Is secure. . Hav B you anything
further to say ; Armstrong?" •"¦J r "" n s
"It is folly to seek grace "at a gTacelesa
? aCe ' J5k WC are for tne tre «. thenYo tS
tree with us. But if. you make this fa£
forest bear such woful fruit, you thall sea
the dav when you shall die for lack of
stout .hearts like ours to follow rou «
8t ?h a f lB day l9 "•* fatsU thirteenth."
. a 1 ?i.£ rty " ono treea fc 0 "* their ¦ burden,
and thirteen years from that time the out
law s prophecy was fuliUled,
"I will load your stoutest horse with
gold until he cannot walk. If you will
spare our lives." m
"I and my forty men will serve your
Majesty faithfully In your army if you
grant us our lives."
"No thieves ride with any of Scotland'*
brigades, Armstrong."
"I seem to remember him," he said,
"but cannot tell where I have met him."
"Perhaps this third man will quicken
your memory." and the cobbler came for
ward, dressed as he had been the night he
was captured.
Armstrong gasped, and a greenish pal
lor overspread his face.
"What Is your answer, Armstrong?"
asked the King.
, "Have you ever seen this man before V
and James motioned Sir David " Lyndsay
from the trooD at his side.
Armstrong drew the back of his. hand
acrc?s his brow.
"You will be better able to answer your
own question when you have replied to a
few of mine. Have you ever met me be
fore. Mr. Armstrong?"
The robber looked Intently at the King.
"I think not." he said.
"I have ever been a loyal subject of
your Majesty." said Armstrong, moisten
ing his dry lips. "I hope I am to take
no scathe for coming promptly and cor
dially to welcome your Majesty to my
poor district."
"Your Majesty has certainly the advan
tage of me as far as escort Is concerned?** I
"It would seem so," replied , James.
"You travel with twoscore of men; I with*
a mousand."
At. this. Johnny Armstrong violated a
strict rule of royal etiquette and turned
the back of his head to his King. 'He saw
the forest alive with mounted men. their
circle closing In upon him. He muttered
the wprd" "trapped!" and struck the spurs
into his horse's flank. The stung steed
pranced In a semi circle answering his
master's rein, but the fence of mounted
steel was complete, every drawn sword m,
picket. Again Armstrong, laughing, un
easily, faced the King, who still stood
motionless.
"I have come promptly In answer to
your Majesty's call," said Armstrong po
litely removing his bonnet, but making no
motion to pay further deference to the
Kins of Scotland. /
"It gives me great pleasure to see you."
replied the 'King suavely. "Yon travel
with a large escort, Mr. Armstrong.**
"Yes, your Majesty, I am a sociable
man and I like good company. The more
stout fellows that are at my back the
better I am pleased.". ¦
"In this respect we are very much alike.
Mr. Armstrong, as you will admit If you
but cast your.^eyea to the rear of you*
little company.*" . < ; k; ¦ *• *
Nevertheless, when... the King came to
the inn where he had been captured there
were but twenty trooper^ with him. Sir
Donald was the sDokesman on that occa
sion. He said to the. landlord, vhose rov
ing eye was taking count of the number
of horses:
"Go to Johnny Armstrong and tell him
that the King, with twenty mounted men
at his back, commands his presence h«re.
and see that he comes quickly. '
Johnny was not slow In replying to tha
Invitation, and forty troopers rode behind
him. " The . King sat on his horse, a little
In advance of his squadron.. As a mount
ed man; James looked well, and there was
but little resemblance between him and
the unfortunate drover who\ had been
taken prisoner at that spot . two short
weeks before. " '*
have gone to the making of It. and rra
thinking that each of those strands will
bear a man. Luckily. I have got a ball
of my cobbler's wax here and that will
strengthen the strands, keep the knots
from slipping,, and make it easier to
climb down."
There was silence now as the three
watched the deft hands of the cobbler.
It was a business of breathless Interest,
but at last the snakelike length of thin
rope lay on the floor at his disposal. He
tied an end securely to the beam just
outside the window-sill, so that there
would be no sharp edge to cut the cord,
then he paid out the line Into the dark
ness, slowly and carefully that It might
not become entangled.
"There," he said, with a sigh of satis
faction. "Who's first for the ropet We
three await your Majesty's commands.**
"Do you know the country hereabouts t"
asked the King of the man who had been
prisoner* longest.'
"Every Inch of it."
"Can you guide us safely to thm north
In the darkness V*
"Oh, yes, once I am down . »y the
stream."
"Then." said the King, "go down by the
stream. When you are on firm t ootlnjj
say no word, but shake the rope. If yon
prove a true guide tons this night we
will pay you well."
"I shall be. well paid . -wclth . my liberty,**
replied the prisoner.' crawling cautiously
over the stone sill and disappearing !n the
darkness. * The cobbler held the taut line
In his hand. No man- spoke; they hardly
seemed to breathe until the cobbler said:
When the King reached Stirling and
¦was dressed once more in a costume more
¦uited to his station than that which had
been torn by the brambles of the border,
he called to him the chief minister of his
realm.
"You will arrest Immediately,'* he said.
"Cbckburn of Henderland and Adam
Bc'ott of Tushlelaw and have them be
headed."
"Without trial, your Majesty?" aikad
the Minister in amazement.
"Certainly not without trial; but see
that the trial Is aa short as possible.
Their crime Is treason; the witnesses aa
many as you like to choose from our last
council meeting. I love and adhere to
the processes of law, but see that there
Is no mistake about the block being at
the end of your trial."
The Minister made a note of this and
awaited further Instructions.
"Place the Earl of Bothwell," continued
the King. "In the strongest room that
Edinburgh Castle has vacant. Imprison
Lord Maxwell and Lord Horn? and the
Lairds of Fairniherst. Johnston and Buc
clcuch In whatever strongnold Is most
convenient. Let these orders be carried
out as speedily as possibte."
Tbe next man railed Into tha royal pres
ence was Sir Donald Sinclair.
"Have you five hundred mounted men
ready for the road. Sir Donald?"
"Yes. your Majesty, a thousand If you
want them."
"Very well, a thousand I shall hnve. and
I shall ride with you to the border.**
¦jKd the trio sat down to a hearty meal,
«•«. had been their luck all along the bor
"Lttndlord,**'does 'this' "meat come from
England?'/, asked the King.. -. . . ; : , ; .,..} ./, .'.".. '•'
The landlord" caught his breath. He
stood stock still for a moment and then
replied: : .' ' > .....«"
"I hope it ls?to\your.Lbrdship's;likIng."
"Oh, I'm no -LiOrdshlp.'.'.isaldr James, "but
an honest drover' body,* trying to find new
markets'for my stock.", :¦; . '•..';
"I can see that," the landlord.
"Then you will know .that .this r meat's
raised by Scotchmen.''- 'i.V'
"Ralsedl" laughed :¦: the .'King.' -"Raised
where ? • In Northumberland ? . Are you
¦urej'lift' Is not'the'.word?you ! mean?" / ."•
"Sir!"' said";] the. landlord, gravely,
"there's i no lifting.* of ','¦ cattle ';• hereabouts.
This • Is not the Highlands. • ; All' ; In I the
neighborhood are "• honest : farmers ; or for- •
esters." ] : '¦ .'" ['/,¦¦ '-'¦*'.';."
The landlord,* seemingly^ not' liking the
turn : of; the conversation;;-* disappeared,",
and during the;rest of the "meal', they, were',
waited upon by a *'< lowering, '! 'silent -worn-",
an, who scowled "'- savagely j" at .; them ; and
made no reply .to theirailery'of the King,
who was in the highest spirits. ..; * \., ~V
As they sat there in great; content they;
heard suddenly, a commotion outsld.e and
the clatter of imany hoofs on r the . stone :
c&useway. The door -burst ; In,' and; theje .
came, trampling, half a ; dozen ; men,. who;
entered with scant : ceremony, led. by a
fortably for the nfght. The air is pure
at this height, and I think you'll like this
eagle's nest 1 ) better than a dungeon un
der the grounfl. For my own part, I ab
hor a subterranean cell, and goodness
knows I've been in many a one, but
we're civilized folk here on the border,
and try to treat our prisoners kindlyl"
"You must, indeed, earn their fervent
gratitude." said the King.
"We should, we should." returned
Johnny, \"but I'm not certain that we do.
Man is a thrawn beast ..s a rule. And
now you'll Just think over your situation
through the night and be ready to an
swer me in the morning all the questions
I'll ask of you. I'll be wanting to know
who sent you here and what news you
have returned to him since you have been
on th« border." tf. " .' ¦'/¦¦'
"We will irtve your request - our deep
consideration," replied the King. .
"I'm triad to hear that. : : You see,", we
are such merciful people that we have
but one rope to hang our enemies with,
whiie we should have a dozen by rights..
Still, I think we could' manage three at
a pinch If your ¦ answers should happen
to dlsaleasfl me. . You i will excuse the
barring of the door, but . the window Is
open'to you If your lodgings are not to
your liking. And so, good night, the
three of you."
"Good night to you, 2L\ Armstrong,"
sajd the King. •-- ' v
They";! were, carried outside and flung,
thus - helpless, • face -downward "on ' horses,
like so many sacks of corn,! each before
a mounted man. Armstrong sprang* upon
his horse and led his men from the high
road into the forest,; his followers number
ins something like a score. The captives,
from their agonizing positions on ;¦". tha
horses,' cpuld see nothing of. the way they
were ) being . taken,. except that they Jour
neyed on through dense woodland, The/
lost all knowledge of direction, and by
and by came to the margin of. a brawling
'-'.- "Bless 'my. soul," moaned the poet, "all
this* in broad daylight and in the King's
dominion.". ". ... V ' : . •
tdlspute, nor have we Interfered with
them. The highways are the King's/ and
we -there : ; are peaceful subjects " of -> his,
claiming, ,therefore,;the; right to travel on
I them i as we | will ; so *¦ long " as ' w"e "infringe
not his peace or the liberty of J any man."
"Stoutly spoken and bravely, , consider
ing in ¦-wHatklngVdomlnldn you'now find
.; yourself .;. You) have to learn that Johhny
;and Jamie is the king of the -border.
'.Andjwhen' : you're '.in the hands of a -man
named ; Armstrong ryou'll find how little
- a. boy named Stuart can do for you.: Tie
!them ; up!". ' . "
V ; ; Before one of the* three could move from
; the stool- he, occupied ; they. were set upon
¦' by.; the ruffians „ and i each :, Stirling .man
:. found . his ankles - fastened together,* his
; elbows tied; behind ; his back with a speed
? that amazed, him.;;'
"What s .partl of the; north?*'.,
\"My'i good r fellow, " cried the \ TtTng, ¦; bis
temper ; rising,'* !*you - have .' asked ' many
Questions and : answered none. Who **•
- "Oh," • said ¦ the bier man, '. "I .was: afraid
you were going to demand that amount in
English currency. [I It L Is ; evident t you '.will
do well atthe-tradelf you;can,flndVsuch
buyers.". ¦-...';: " ", / ¦/:'/ - /' v"/ 1 .- f
; "Then make. us an offer," suggested "the
King, ", with ' the . : air- of : a man . willing > to
listen* to reason/
;¦ '."Whereare your .'cattle 7" ¦ :
'"They're ; in the north.". '¦'•....'
"Oh." well,'.', said ; the. King, nonchalantly,
not J at * alL 1 llkinsr 4 the 'l turn affairs ", had
taken.rVI 'suppose 1 weT would'. be j satisfied
with ; '£20," {and ¦, this '<, being) received " ; with
a roar. of laughter, he added; hastily,' ''£3)
Scots."' 1 ""-' ¦;*;¦ ;•; •. - -'"/';-:- ."''Virv'.vy,-. v>^ ':¦
"I can well believe you. Still,- you must
know, something of the price of bcastson
hoofs. How much ' would you ; want;f or.' a
good, fat stirk? -Answer, me that!?.? ; <r,V ,
sure, sir, that the cattle you sell have no
two legs Instead of four?"
..."I. don't understand . you, 1 '- .replied ¦•, the
King. ¦ . ,
/."Is It .men<or*stirks you would give-to '¦«
r the butcher?"
"Still -I do not understand you," repeat
ed rthe^King.,;.,. .,..," . ¦
¦¦ l-.-.'Oh; ivery well. . How much are you ask- ';.,
inpr for your." cattle?" -v\ ; . • •. '. ' -. ; ' ; ; - •,
¦ "We, are here rather ' to B?e ', hew' much''
mpy be offered!'*"/ •* • '•¦ ' -.'.•: •• / T-. •".':<¦
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
THE KING INVESTIGATESbeautiful, bright spot^to lire ta that aS
she wants is to be merry and la he*
bubbly way she fairly radiates happiness
about her, for moods are -far more con
tagious than anything else under the sola*
nlng sun.- if you did but know it.
And ' the disease is a dangerous one.
too, if allowed, to go on and on without
being properly doctored. Those who are
blessed with bright, sunshiny thoughts
that bring only harmony and happiness
are a delight and a joy: forever, but mood
lness generally means numerous visits
from his satanic majesty, the king of
the "blue devils."- and th* -attacks grew
stronger and more fixed until there are
Indelible scars. on the mind and body that
never can b« erased. • " . ; " ,*.'
This frolicsome soul Isn't one of "¦-thoa*
girls who step out of\bed.'with the wrong
foot and is surly and cross all the rest of
the 'day In consequence. More than. Mkely.
b her eagtrjMM t» <*» 'ua.aaT carrying
the really, truly bud. Jealousy? 'Most
certainly not. A mere chance, and no one
would be unkind enough to fancy any
thing else, not even in a malicious mo
ment. She always was phllanthropically
Inclined and here is a most excellent op
portunity for it to come to the fore. And
so it happens that* her chosen ¦- few are
from the ranks of the forlorn, the dreary
and the drab. ' *
She has had enough .of being the small-
of artful and Innocent work you can
eventually tree him.
That's one kind of a girl who uses an
automobile. It's a snare and a delusion,
but such a delightful one, forsooth, that
one never dreams of . Its evil designs.
Miss Uncertainty uses it distinctly and de
cidedly as a business proposition, and if
necessary even goes to the expense or
buying one. And it's worth every penny
laid down. It would never occur to 'one
person in\>fthousand that the delightful
little outings were for anything other
than the mad pursuit of mere pleasure.
Then there's the girl "who loves to get
even." She's a nice sort of a purry .kitten
that sings and snuggles when the hand
strokes the right way, but beware of her
if there is any ruffling going on. There's
always a peck of trouble to pay. Under
the purr, and not far distant, either, is a
good sized growl; the soft paws are only
a covering for sharp, cruel claws, and if
things fail to "suit her ladyship and her
Ire is sufficiently aroused she will nght
tooth and nail, and she isn't the least bit
particular about sticking to any given set
of rules, either. .'-..
; She's a beautiful sort of a plaything,
but it's too bad she can't be caged' up
now and then ' and • kept there until ' she
learns better manners. At least until she
repents at leisure.: Apparently her one
object in life Is to spite , somebody else,
and she Isn't always .overly scrupulous
about her- methods of procedure.
- Generally she is a small woman and she
most certainly is possessed with a nature
that fits her stature. • If Mrs. So-and-so
gave - a luncheon ' and in a fit of ; absent
mindedness forgot to write her name on
the place cards, Miss Nasty-nice promptly
makes up her mind to give her one better
than she sent.* - So, with the ability of a
general,- she plans to celebrate on ' her
friend's first reception day. She'll show
Then her machine comes In good and
plenty. She plans so that she may have
the entire day to herself. There is every
thing in time, you know. And then she
easts her eye about for guests. For some
reason or other she manages to exclude
"There are as good fish in the sea as
•ver came out of it." she comforts her
•elf and straightway begins the contriv
ing of a net that will be certain to land at
least one.
Any mischief loving imp is plenty bad
enough and can successfully drive a man
to the ragged edge of despair, but the girl
with her hand on the wheel is the last
straw that breaks the camel's back. She
runs hither and thither, now and then
taking the trouble to smile in A particu
larly fetching manner, but she never loses
that exasperating I-can-take-care-of-my
self air that Beems to be such a sharp and
prickly thorn in the side of all mankind.
To be cure, there are girls and girls as
well as cars and cars. For instance,
there's the bud of some ten years bloom-
Ing. Her reasons for playing the chauf
feur are so personal and so designing that
she d rather suffer death by slow torture
than confess. She hates to acknowledge
even to herself that her position in society
U rapidly becoming a question difficult to
propound. Her friends who made their
gay little bow when she did have long
since married or moved away and left
her withering on the stem.
{"T\ HE girl with the automobile! Don't
I you love her madly or detest her
I thoroughly? She's so irresistibly
I breezy, so full of moods and so al-
together independent and Impu
dent. One minute she makes you feel
that you were all In all to her and the
very next she dampens your ardor by
treating you as though you were the very
dust beneath her feet. She's a continual
surprise party, and a mighty lively one at
that, so much to. in fact, that Just about
nine out of every ten chaps that have a
bout with her long to take to the tall tim
bers and hide themselves in the friendly
branches.
Don't back and filL Go straight
ahead.
Don't forget that the farmer's dogs
and chickens arc of value to him.
Don't forget that women are and
have been extended courtesies for gen
erations and are naturally more or less
afraid of a horse.
Don't jump up and scream when
there are frightened horses.
Don't abandon a car unless it is
pushed entirely off the road.
Don't forget the double blast of the
horn in passing.
Purring softly, she hands the rules and
regulations of auto touring about, laugh-
Ing at the same time. "We don't want
to disgrace ourselves as the Smiths did.
I'm sorrv for her, but wasn't her pass
ing the President's car - too absurd for
anything?"
Oh. she's a wizard is this Miss Nasty
nice. We all know her. And don't we
all hate her right cord'ally? To all out
ward appearances she has nothing but
sympathy to extend and unquestionably
she Is very sweet about forgiving stupid
blunders. Oh. yes. that's all very fit
and fine, but unfortunately the sweet
ness lasts just about a minute and a half
by actual 'count. Slowly and almost im
perceptibly It lessens and lessens until,
nine limes out of ten, but the bitter re
mains.
. It's, the cleverest way of knocking, and
truly the woman who is an adept at It
deserves a flowery palm. For really it
requires no mean amount of skill and
tact to say ill-natured, vicious things with
a . smiling face and alwavs obtain the
desired results. Yet deliberately and with
malice of forethought she lays her
schemes and then sits, back and watches
them mature with grim satisfaction.
She is the kind of a woman who means,
although she is not frank 1 enough to say
It, "a choo for a chop." She' doesn't
entertain with a feeling of hospitality but
rather of decided hostility.
But, thanks be, there is still another
class of cirl and It isNhe that does our
hearts good ; and that makes us feel as
though life really was well worth living.
She's as full of life and high spirits as
an eg* is of meat and she gathers her
friends about her because she is glad to
be alive.
She's somewhat like the woman whose
friend said of her. "If her home w*r» on
fire she might not invite you in, but un
der all' other circumstances she is the
very soul" of hospitality." Life is such a
huge joke to her and the world such a
Not content with playing havoc gener
ally with other peoples' affairs, this char
itable, love-your-neighbor soul will. If she
can without making It too apparent, take
a rap at some one else who at some time
or other had Inadvertently blinked the
wrong eye.
her a thing or two. Just waltl
So she resorts to her car, too. In order
to completely Insure her success she takes
those who are to assist in receiving and
bundles them off to the country ostensibly
for a breath of fresh air. And she makes
it; her;; business to see that they • get it.
8he % runs so ' fan away, -with : them and
manages one delay i after another so' clev
erly that 'the. last? ghost, of. a 'Chance at
being home on time fades and passes
away. It does no good to fume and storm
and tear hair, for people haven't as yet
learned the art of being in two places at
once, and behold, revenge is undeniably
hers. • . . t
Hospitality, or so-called hospitality,
there will always be. and the subtle art
of playing the hostess, the least easily ac
quired of all arts. will*, forever remain as
evasive as • it is now. There are no s«t
rules that govern the grounds of hostshlp.
but the girl who would gather and keep
her friends about her. whether it be in
her own home or In Mother ' Nature's
playground, would do well to ask herself
one question when she is planning other's
enjoyments: "Who am I that I ¦¦ should
dare to select all my friend's pleasure*?"
Probably she will come to the edifying
conclusion that she is only about deuc«
high, and ever after those whom she en
tertains will be the most envied of th* ea-
Tied— the freest thing oa toe faoe «* tM
CSXtlL
";.'V-"
out her latest Idea, she falls oat ne*4
over heels and races to the 'phone to ask
Tom. Dick or Harry to take a spta with
her.
:' There, rarely is anything definite about
her outings. Sh« Is too light and airy for
that, but for th» very reason that th«
luncheon Is not carefully chosen and
every moment of the day carefully sched
uled there Is always a heap more fun on
the tapis. The very uncertainty— th» salt
of Lie— keeps the animation at top notch.
She Is such a Jolly, rollicking girl that
the smaller matters of etiquette fail to
bother her in the slightest. What earthly
difference does It make to her . whether
the Smiths, the Browns and the Joneses
live up to certain rules and expect their
friends to go and do likewise? If one at
the guests climb over the sid» of the trara
Irstead of running around and sedately
going In the back door as she undoubt
edly should. Miss Hostess wisely l«ti It
go at that, for unless th* chaperoa.de*
mandi more dignity and the conn U jit—
more conventionalities there is no oora
si on "for raising a crop of gray hairs. la
short, it's a merry, merry world, and the
only trouble is that youth Is too fleeting.
.This girl is a born hostess. Instead of
cutting and drying a programme and
moving by clockwork, she . leaves her
guests absolutely fetterless. In fact, her
motto is to entertain no one. but to leave
all to come and go as they please. On her
Jaunts there is no one to grumble If a
chap and a girl think there is a fine bit
of scenery just over the brow of the bill;
neither is there any one to make nwfctiyf
remarks if some sleepy soul curls up un
der a benign tree and visits the fairies la
Norland. For isn't that what they are
there for? To have a good time, each one
in his own pet way?
Right early in her life she learned that
more depends on the making or the mar
ring of the day than mere Dread and Jam.
although she soon enough discovered the
philosophy of having a well filled larder,
for It is a hard fact that a full stomach,
whether It be masculine or feminine, goes
a long way toward happiness and con
tentment.
Don't pass the president's car.
; Don't change sour position in line.
Don't run closer than 50 feet to the
preceding car.
Don't run faster than 12 miles an
hour when smaller cars are, along.
They may not be able to keep up.
Don't pass a man in distress. Of
fer him assistance.
- Don't forget to always take . the
grade side in passing a team.
¦Don't pass faster than five miles an
hour.
Don't pass a team or car on tha
right-hand side.
Impatience, which is ' stronger than that
of a Blxteen-y ear-old school girl.
80 ye who are of uncertain ego cheer
up. ' Act ' as though you were worth fifty
million' dollars and bad half of San Fran
cisco to. boot.' You; see," there really isn't
a good nor * sufficient reason '\ for ¦ being
downhearted. If you cannot land the ob
ject of your. hand and heart high and dry
at ; home, don't get ¦ discouraged, but > in
stead take to the woods and after a bit
eat frog In the puddle, and It Is no trick
a.t all to figure out bow much easier It
trill be to shine In the midst of.dull.col
ored wall flowers, and shine she does, for
tier new found confidence in herself fresh
ens and brightens her up as though the
elixir of life had been ; gently sprinkled
over her. Year by year gently slips away
and when she Is positively certain that a
lord of creation Is sitting up and taking
notice her main trouble 1» in curbing her
Sunday Call Women and Children's Section
THE GIRL
AND HER
AUTOMOBILE
JAUNTtton of Us vogue was settled once and for
all. V
Certainly no ono' could help falling In
love with her own peculiar style of toss
ing up her black curls, and she was clever
enough to understand thai' the fashion
which set off her marvelous brauty when
she was the desplacd daughter of an Inn
keeper would suit her tietier than all else
when "she was the petted idol of a great
city. Because she- won n high tpositlon
by sheer force she tva» none the less
beautiful and her unlimited means only
gave her mor,e of nn opportunity to con
vine* people that she was the loveliest
bit of humanity, under the shining sun.
The girl of to-day "who tries to imitate
•her should first of alt prove to herself
that .the soft; fluffy baby curls are be
coming to htr, and when that question
; is -settled forever in her mind there Is
nothing left to do but toss them lightly
; Up.' . ¦ . - ¦ •. ¦.'.*'-•<¦
Toss it up, mind you. It's aa light as
can be, but it. Is not untidy or stringy.
First the great pompadour is put up with
a wave over one eye »nd the stray wlspe
of hair are allowed to fly In the breeze
as • they please. There's nothing stiff
about it. The back, for it U a low fash
ion of wearing the hair.: you know. Is
gathered at the nape of the neck and
either arranged In tiny puffs or if there
is enough hair In a figure eight, but It is
all as smooth as It can be and there Isn't
a vestige of, a long curL That Is an
afterthought, as It. were, and the curls
that are ¦ fastened on when the . hair Is
quite dressed are very much more satis
factory and never get out of shape.
Two 'of them, one considerably longer
than the' other, are tucked cunningly in
at the right length and are fastened se
curely'with a number of long hairpins,
because tt would be more than embar
rassing to have them drop off in. the
midst of a dance.
• And then U'comes to the flowers— roses,
• if one likes. Be- sure and use plenty of
them. Four and ¦ even ; five are not too
many, and there should be many leaves.
It's far easier and much prettier to use
a cluster, i o r they can be tucked close
to the ear. and. will fit themselves into
every nook - and cranny and form a be
witching frame. for > the face.
Peggy didn't use bows. In her lowly
life she learned to make the most ot
everything thai came heT way and cer
tainly flowers were plentiful In sunny
Tennessee, so she made a crown of them
one Instant and a garland the next. Ev
erything was Mowers, flowers.
And so tt came to pass that th* Peggy
O'Neal lassie of to-day must part with
many pennies If she would follow In the
regal beauty's wake, but she has one
immense satisfaction— a compensation In
Itself. They never fall to exhale their
subtle fragrance; they're a thing of
beauty themselves and they never were
known to be other than becoming, fresh
and dainty.
. to the doubtful honor, for that wouldn't
bother her In the- slightest, but' that peo
ple should credit her with such abom
inable taste. • She . was the personification
of all that wae dainty and *. sweet, and
some of the latest fads, plain, substantial
and unattractive, would have offended her
dainty ladyship beyond ail measure. '.
. .There are no two ways about It. The
Peggy O'Neal devotees .must discard all
things stiff or even so much as bordering
on that line, and take up the little.high
heeled boots, the flying fluff-fluffs and the
thousand and one odds and ends that are
always being designed to make women
lovelier, more winsome and more fascina
ting.' -' ¦' !-"¦*> -'.•,¦.;.•-¦ -•"¦,¦ = •, ¦
In ; the days % of her < great popularity
Peggy was regarded as a splendid mascot,
and of a truth she seems to live up to her
reputation astonishingly well even at thla
far distant , time. She ¦ took Washington
so by storm that all things new and novel
were straightway j christened the "Peggy
O'Neal.* 1 , and If by any * lucky chance It
pleased. her. fastidious highness the quea-
Other than thta they offer her necklace
and bracelet, a simple bit of Jewelry,
made of broad black velvet ribbons, with
here and there an Immense dangling
tassel or a medallion. But a word of
warning to the wise! No girl In the land,
unless she Is I very pretty- and winsome,
should dare try the necklace, for it fast
ens at the very top of the ribbon an'd
leave* the lower part of . the throat bare.
Before buying try It well in the privacy of
your, own home,: where folks are' brutally
frank, for It seems to •. have the happy
faculty of making a plain girl positively
homely, a piquant girl plain and a radiant
creature pretty. It's , more than disas
trous! ; - :- .... .
. More than likely If the lovely Peggy
could see the various sorts and conditions
of things that have been , named for her
she would feel like crying, aloud to' the
gods for revenge and gnashing her teeth
In a blind fury, Not that she wasn't used
But so far as that is concerned there
probably wasn't anything on earth, and
not much beneath It for that matter, that
escape* this lovely Peg. At this late day
and generation the Jewelers are playing
the part of tempters by offering tbre«
strands of corals finished with a' simple
gold clasp, and with them they show the
simple wreath of flowers, artificial to be
¦ure, or the studded ferns, both to be
worn as a crown or very low in the neck.
remnant of stiffness was taken away and
nothing but the delightful I-dare-you-to
fllrt-wlth-me look left
Such was and such Is the captivating
Peggy O'Neal. .
Yet this Is exactly what the exquisite
Peggy of General Jackson's administra
tion did. Bhe was so secure In her ra
diant beauty that she dared do anything.
When the ladles about her gleamed and
sparkled with diamonds she knew that
they were not for her,' and straightway
troubled her pretty head not a little be
fore she finally arrived at the conclusion
that a simple string of coral pleased her
the best. She didn't need nor want lus
ter, for her eyes were like stars, and she
had discovered in her early life that sim
plicity was more becoming and Infinitely
more bewitching.
Bo she tossed her. curly hair to the
crown of her head and held it In place
with an old-fashioned comb. On the side.
Just where it pleased her ladyship the
most, she added a cluster of flowers, and
then In a careless mood let one .or two
long curls fall over her shoulders just' as
they [wanted to. Her hair was' distinctly
rebellious and she didn't try to train It;
In fact, rather gloried In permitting It to
run away with itself. And. If you did but
remits* It, that's for all the world Just
what girls of to-day are doing. ' * •*
Her pompadour, billowy and fluffy,' was
as different from the one worn by the
kittenish, coy Janice as day Is from night.
In the- first place It was anything 'but
smooth and tt most assuredly I was not
round. Caught high with a free and easy
hand, it waved a trifle at the forehead
line and was tilted a wee bit forward. At
the side and where she fancied It looked
the best, she pulled a tiny lock down In a
coquettish fashion, and the last lingering
But the day of Janice is past! Ehe Is
dead! And now It Is: Hurrah! Long live
the fascinating Peggy O'Neal!
It Is one thing to lay down the law for
new fashions, but it Is quite another to
be brave enough to wear them, whether
any one else will or not. The slightest
deviation means attention, and it takes a
daring girl to successfully stand the
closest scrutiny and perhaps adverse crit
icism. ¦ , •
PEGGY CJfEAIi bu successfully
outrivaled the only, the rreat, the
one Janice Meredith.
Just why probably will always be
a mystery. It so chances that there
ere a few things In this world that never
can be explained satisfactorily, and one
of them Is the whys and wherefores of
certain heroines of fact and fiction sud
denly and without the least warning step
ping In and twisting the fashions of the
day to suit their own sweet wills.. Yet
•oca Is unquestionably the case.
Three short years ago everything and
everybody was simply overrun with the
Janice Meredith craze, and In a measure
Mary Mannertng was responsible for It.
No matter how strenuously she may deny
It. tt Is the one and sole ambition of
•very girl to be beautiful, and when she
saw the fetching ccrl, the nobby boots
and the waist a la Janice, she promptly
hied herself to the modiste, the shoe
maker and the hairdresser, and, what Is
more to the point, she got there just as
fast as she possibly could. To see is to
be convinced, and she knew tn her heart
of hearts that at last she wu on on* of
the surest and best steps of the ladder of
beauty, and the tdea completely fas
cinated her.
The fair Mary simply couldn't endure
Janice and dubbed her "a silly, simper
ing thing." and If she had had her way
about It wouldn't have deluged the coun
try with colonial shoes with red heels, a
pointed waist line, the queer little square
effect for evening frocks and th« tmmtni*
hoods that our grandmothers and theirs
before them used to think so chic.
At any rate. Janice bad her day, and
no one can deny that her Influence on
Dame Fashion was truly marvelous..;
Who doesn't know about her famous
curlT If there be any such don't for heav
en's sake acknowledge It. foe It has been
worn the length and breaath of the
United States, and, sad as It Is to relate,
often by those who were old enourh to
know better.
THE SUNDAY CAM*
10
THE PEGGY O'NEAL CURL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
k-oi* the Form and Complexion.
<<r <?»Jj^ Has be^i itiecw.
*£££&*£&*. , fuliT a "* 1 b » l «« < »-
iiJSpci? V&« a*tre»»«», *\m-
lJsOQi ••* • * a^ women or
l&J «y r Wherever applied
tS" "TTJ tt J* *n«txntly eb-
¦orbea tbroufa tb*
w *1 P«'*» oT tbe «kln.
t and its wonderful
\ nutrition feeds tn*
- f X^^ ****Xa* Ussue*
Inr^ \l> »sa*ovnro
Jfff&A **v**za
V*y h3n± \ X A * lt *» Jaatle. on*
* Wtwfr *£? wl . a * • ~«'S
•*-*•* able Improvement
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD la ' positively
tb* only preparation known to medical sclenc*
that will round out hollows j a the neck «j»3
pruduea firm, healthy flenb on tbln ch..7*
arms awl band*. «••««•,
rox DETsiorraa Tnr arrsv
Or breast* ebrunken from nursint- lt baa th*
hlchcst indorsement ot pbyiicUn*. Two bo»I
of :n n d sssssl lo "^ *• b ™ *?
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AJ*TD OTHra
DKPAHTMENT STORES DRCOoiItI?
Kesutar price. SI.CO a box. but to *ll «i
tak* advantage of tbts SPECIAL OFTER IbZ
send u« one dollar we will send two tt) boxes!
In plain wrapp«r. "' "*"*>
10 cenu.to pay for coet ot m^UnV StM
D* CHARIS5 CO, 1» P«* Plwa, Hw T«tBy Helen Whitney Clark.
JONQUIL'S BEQUEST.
These bags are made off stout bed tick*
ing and are about ten Inches' square. "The
bags are two-thirds fulL ' They .'should be
free from dust and not bo too heavy;
Bags that weigh not more -than' three
pounds are Just about right for ' the la
dies. ¦ • -'¦'?) -
In exercising with the bags . partners
should stand facing each : other and ' be
about six feet apart. The bag ' should be
thrown with each hand, alternating rapid-,
ly. Both hands should also be used, as
the walls of the . chest, are' strengthened
by the continual movement. A great deal
of fun can be had If two bags are used.
Each one tries to pass the bag while the
other Is thrown' forward. After some
practice great skill. can be developed and
the exercise becomes a pleasure.
A beanbag that ' is filled - with welt or
some other soft material will cause no
bruises. No matter .how swiftly- it :1a
thrown and how delicate the player may
be she will not suffer If the bag cornea In
contact .with ; her -face ; or, body. '¦ This • Is
why the simple game of beanbag 1 1st be
coming # so popular.- ¦ ¦-¦'-:,'- « .
How " often ' are \ wbmea ' ridiculed s for
their Inability to throw a ban «r any
other object. It is * true that their collar
bone Is shorter' than the sterner sex.. but
women -are hampered- because of , their
lack . of familiarity with their shoulder,
muscles. I would suggest that the ladles
practice thoroughly the exercises that will
tend, to develop -the shoulder muscles and
to Increase the extension of the arms, not
for ; the } sake ¦ of being ¦ sbl« to throw a
ball, but' for the' purpose of ; securing 1
strength' and comfort.' ; ' " ,
¦'¦" Women should j cultivate ; all the - exer
cises '¦¦ that : will give . suppleness - to the
body. There . cannot i be • grace < without
suppleness. A woman . who " exercises has
a better carriage than' one who does ''not
.When 'the ¦ body . Is held erect .the spine is
strengthened and is graceful in curve.
Five : or ten minutes of ;' this exercise
each,- day will -do 'much , for • suffering
women. - The : c6stumo'tb"be;worn during
these ' exercises ¦ Is a simple one. • No corset
Is ?: used. t*A*f sweater; or" Jersey, ' a pair 'i of
bloomers •; and ' rubber < shoes'; are essential.
The j sweater will * absorb the perspiration
and Is : comfortable < to » work In. Rubber
shoes are necessary when' exercising on a
htaei-fray eye* "How har» I deserved
this good fortune, X wonderf!
V Bab giggled in school girl fashion.
"Do you call It good fortune to have the
breath almost' knocked out of you?" she
Inquired saucily.
"I do, indeed, under the circumstances,**
retorted Mr. Basil Van Moyle with un
doubted sincerity. "May I walk home
with you. Miss Bab?" /
/"You 'may, and. welcome, so far as I am
concerned," answered Bab, airily. "But
Cassandra will kick about I it, , I can tell
you. Bo you'd * better ' think ' twice before
you venture."
Basil's smile vanished. "Is she still as
unapproachable . aa ever V . he asked. ,
.. "just aa unapproachable," sighed Bab,
with a sympathetic ¦ glance ) at : her com
panion. ' "You see. she says It's not
proper— r * '.'','_•
i '/.•Proper! -*I am sick of th« word" As if
It -wouldn't ' be . the most proper and nat
ural thing in* the world for Cassandra to
marry me, and let me take care of her—
and you!" _*"</.¦¦
. r ."That's> just what '.-I, tell her." flashed
Bab. "Only this very morning I talked to
adays parents send their children to col
lege in the confident belief that they will
receive physical as well as mental train
ing. In our own city the athletic clubs
are nourishing. Both sexes are beginning
to realize the necessity of exercise and
under the watchful eye ¦ of experiencd
instructors are improving their physical
condition.
Next to handball, the most popular
form of exercise at the Olympic Club
Is tossing the "medicine ball." Athletes
know that this form of exercise will put
on muscle and take off superfluous flesh.
The "medicine ball" Is seven inches to
one foot In diameter and is filled with
hair, weltjor some other material. It Is
covered with leather and weighs from
four to eight pounds.
I have arranged a series of exercises
to be used by my pupils and they never
find It Irksome. Some of the ladies who
have placed . themselves . under my caro
have decreased their weight and secured
development where it was. needed. The
ladles whose pictures accompany this ar
ticle have succeeded in taking"' off twenty
pounds or more by tossing the "medicine
ball." It is a mild form of exercise and
is attractive.
The ball is passed with either hand and
the body Is turned In every direction. The
back, arms and chest are strengthened
and the constant bending reduces the
girth. Many members of the Olympic
Club have developed ridges of muscle on
their stomachs from bending and tossing
the ball. For people who take on weight
easily the exercise will do much to re
duee them.
Beanbags are not to be despised as
means of exercise. They are social in
their nature, as a number of people can
play at the same time. The double bean
bag pass did a whole lot of - good for
Corbett and will certainly help ethers.
Fair, pupils of mine, who find the "medi
cine ball" too strenuous a form of ex
ercise, have adopted the beanbag. These
light and yielding things can be, thrown
back and forward with speed and in less
than two minutes the players begin ' to
perspire.
/"Well met.' MIss'-_"Babl" cried the as
saulted party, gracefully uncovering hi3
blonde head before the fair ; apparition,
while a smile of delight twinkled in his
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
a * T~Tf IGHT more blocks '.¦ to. walk—
' -/-V Caesar's i ghost!" gasped Bab,
- ¦ I f as she whisked around a cor-.
rr '. rlerand ran full tilt upon a
, young man who was striding
rapidly ¦ in the opposite direction: a tall,
young man," fashionably attired, from the
tops' of his 8tyUsh';ba£t6 the soles of his
up-to-date patent ieafher shoes. >
. "Come to 'breakfast; Cas! The coffee
la getting cold. I've made ¦ a/ round of
"Or. wigwam," suggested Basil, mali
ciously.
"I shouldn't care," persisted Bab. "At
least I wouldn't have to drum' up art
classes in ~ a wigwam. But here we are.
Isn't It a horrid place?"
, Basil's interview with the lady of his
love was an unsatisfactory one, and he
took his leave muttering maledictions on
the fate which, had placed a golden bar
rier, between them.
"Why don't your uncle do something for
his nieces, if he Is such, a Croesus?" be
asked. • • y
"Well, you see, he was always a rolling
stone, though he has succeeded In accum
ulating so much moss, pursued Bab, spec
ulatively. "The last we beard of him be
was getting tip an expedition to the north
pole. But I'm always hopeful he'll write
to us some day from India, or Texas, or
some such place and invite us to come
and spend the . summer with him at bis
bungalow, or hacienda, or— or-^*.
"Why*oo,": admitted , s Bab, • 'reluctantly,
"I didn't mean ' to " say Ve were actually
reduced to starvation, but when it comes
to baker's bread and coffee, day in and
day out—" she shrugged her shoulders
expressively. "We've eaten up both gold
watches Aunt Dprlnda left us," she went
on, "besides a trunkful of ball dresses,
and I suppose we'll begin on the old claw
legged bureau^ to-morrow. What are we
going to do when the bureau and the few
bits of bric-a-brac we have left are de
voured is more than I know, unless Uncle
Jonquil turns up In the meantime."
"Who In the— I mean who Is 'Uncle
Jonquil?' " queried Basil.
"Why,' he's our uncle— papa's only
brother, and the only relative we have
left in the world," confided Bab.
"Humph! Worth anything?"
"Rich as mud," declared Bab, with en
thusiasm. "That is, he was when we last
heard of him, but that was ages ago,
when I was quite a child."
Basil surveyed the fair, youthful cheek
of his companion with an amused smile.
Bab certainly did cot look her sixteen
years.
"Bab," Interrupted her horrified com
panion, "Is It really true that you have
gdne.ihungry?" '-!'•'-.. ¦¦¦ • "'.'¦¦'- •'•
"Of course she might," assented
"I'd almost marry you myself, as I told
Cas. rather than go hungry as I do. But
she won't — —" 9
"H'm, I shouldn't blame her so much
for not marrying the Shah of Persia," put
in Basil grimly. "But she might marry
me."
her like— like a Dutch uncle! There Is
Basil Van itoyle fairly rolling In gold,' I
told her, 'and here we are, as poor as
church mice, -Just because you are too
proud to marry into a family that don't
want you!' But bah! what does she caret
She wouldn't marry the Snah of Persia—
if his mother objected!" . ....
"So I am a portionless bride after all,
am IT" asked Cassandra, half Inclined to
pout.
"Portionless T No. Indeed. Ton are
worth a king's ransom In your own
right!" declared her adoring husband.
"See here, Mr. Impostor, fm not going
to keep your guilty secret any longer."
declared Bab, when the honeymoon was
over, and the young couple were »3!tled
In a cozy home of their own. "Oh. you
needn't pretend Innocence. I know all
about your daring ruse! Uncle Jonquil
never left Cassy and ma that fortune V
"Hey? How— how do you know that.
Miss Impudence?"
"Because we never /had any Uncle Jon
quil 1 X made the story up that day out
of whole doth! Name and all. So now
own up and make a clean breast of it!"
"Alas, mea culpa," groaned Basil,
bumping bis head against the wall In
penance for his perndltyj "I plead guilty,
but 'all's fair In love and war.* "
1 "Of course we dor* cried Bab. raptur
ously, jumping up to give her sister a
"bear hug." "Let's go right up and *•*
the money now, Cas, and we'll go to the
swellest cafe In town for lunch. I'm just
dying for some chicken salad. And, ok.
Cas!" Bab was fairly dancing with ex
citement "You can marry Basil now, and
his mother won't object, seeing you're aa
heiress!"
"It was a lawyer, Bab, dear, to tell us
we have Inherited a snug* little fortune
from a deceased relative of papa's, t'TiiM
Jonquil," she announced, half tears, halt
smiles. "The money Is In the bank and
we can draw It whenever we please. It
seems heartless to be so glad," she added,
remorsefully. "But. then, we never knew
the— er— Mr. Jonquil, and we do need tha
money to much I"
Bab still sat droopinx by the table when
her sister returned, brimming with ex
citement. 3BEW
Cassandra stared at her sister, aghast
at the. sudden outburst. Bhe bad never
known Bab to grow hysterical before, and
eagerly strove to soothe her, when the
landlady thrust a round. smiling face in
side the door.
"If you blease, dare to* a aa«nt!«ma&
to spike mlt you.** she announced. And
Cassandra nervously obeyed tie sushi
mons.
toast, and there's a dab of apple batter
that Mrs. Dilshneider sent In." wheedle*
Bab.
"Eat It yourself, dear," urged Causa
dra, responding to the persistent sum
mons. "A bit of toast la all I care for.**
"It Isn't all I car* for, then! You may
not have noticed It, Cas, but I'm '"^'"y
starving by. Inches. I'm dwindling away.
I— I want little nice things," snivelled
Bab. "Maccaroons and sardines and
pickled olives— and— and fried chicken!
And charlotte rosse and anxel cake, like
we used to have at Aunt Dorlnda's!"
time they do so is when sickness
overtakes them and It is absolutely nec
essary that they pause and think. Much
of the Eickness in this world can be ob
viated by proper exercise. Exercising for
health is a subject that is gradually Im
pressing Itself on the minds of the en
lightened. A few minutes' work In the
morning and again before retiring at
night will work wonders for those who
are not too lazy to wcrk. Walking In
the cj>en air and the proper care of the
body will add years to one's life..
There are many forms of exercise that
one. can take without tiring. Men play
baseball, handball and football because
competition makes them forget that they
are exercising. The fair sex cannot play
these games because they are too violent,
but there are exercises they may take
that will benefit them materially.
How often have I seen little, girls on
their way to school playing beanbag. This
childish eport has done much to develop
the little ones. It keeps them in the
open air. makes their cheeks rosy and
adds strength to thsir arras and body.
Watching the children at the game gave
me the idea that if properly developed
beanbag would be the proper form of ex
ercise for elderly persons. When James
J. Corbett. the famous boxer, was train
ing for his contest with Jeffries he played
beanbag. This may appear incongruous,
but it Is a fact. Corbett needed speed to
telp him in his work, bo his trainer pre
pared two beanbags which weighed not
more than three pounds each and the
pugilist and trainer would pass the bags
to and fro In a rapid manner. .It not
only developed Corbett's eye but also
made him agile. After playing the game
for a short time both men would be suf
fused in perspiration.
Thus. I say. beanbag has Its benefits.
If a man who Is training for the se.verest
kind of eport stops to play the game It
must be worth trying.
For women beanbag Is beneficial. It
win refluc* weisrht and bring color to
cheeks that 'lack color. It will put a
sparkle In the eyes and will bring health
and strength to bodies that need it.
The "medicine ball" which Is used by
athletes in training Is also a splendid form
of exercise. The ball used by men Is
much heavier than that which ought to
be used by women. Pupils of mine have
taken off many pounds by tossing the ball.
It- requires bending in every direction and
adds grace to the figure. At first one will
feel a trifle sore, but if the exercise Is
continued the soreness will disappear and
the person will begin to enjoy It
During the past years the science of
physical culture and hygiene haa made
rapid strides. The elementary laws of
health have been more widely diffused
and more intelligently followed by the
people at large. Air, food and sleep and
exercise when properly administered are
great remedies as well as great preven
tives of disease. This fact Is becoming
to be realized by doctor and patient. Our
bouses ere better ventilated, our table
more healthfully provided and the con-,
tfitlon of our families shows marked im
provement. Outdoor games are more pop
ular. Our style of dress has been modi
fled In favor of health and comfort. Now-
IN these strenuous times, when every
one Is hurrying and scurrying through
life, but one-tenth stop to consider
their phyeical condition. The only
wooden floor, as there Is no danger of one
losing: ! he^-' footing.. -, After -obtaining - a
healthful glow .all over -the . tody "a bath
will be found very beneficial. There Is
no sense* In 'jumping Into a" cold plunge
when the body Is heated.^ Let the water
be tepid and then gradually turn on Q«
cold water until you - can stand It- A
bri^k rub-down should follow.
If these directions are followed weight
can be reduced. In conjunction with this
I also give them other exercises -that will
teufi to max* tn«O graceful. V* ap
paratus la used. X dimply follow the
course laid down by William Greer Har
rison, president of the Olymplo Athletic
Club, who has made a deep study of exer
cising by both Hexes.
•"VEOBGE S. MIEHXING, teacher
I / cf physical culture and wres
" \/X tlin & at tlie Olympic Club, and
cnc of the best posted men in
this city on exercising for health, lies
v^ it ten a special article for the Sun
day Call. His experience in teaching
covers many years, and the results
he has achieved with members cf
both sexes add great weight to his
views. The men who wrestle under
liis diroc*ion ere fitted for this haid
work by reason of the exercises they
are given by the professor. He is a
handsome specimen of manhood him
self and has gained his development
by carrying out his own theories.
That these theories when put into
execution bring about the desired re
sult is evidenced by the physical ap
pearance of many of his fair pupils;
therefore those who would reduce
their bulk to graceful proportions
will find the following article in
valuable: •
THE i SUNDAY] CAIiti;
11
EXERCISING FOR HEALTHtral, and, bar none, ran cleaner or better.
The first time they had seen him since
he had made a name for himself and for
his road from Newport News to Frisco,
and. they meant now to kill him, dead.
You know about what It meant and
about how It went, how it had to go.
What could Martin say to the man who
had made him all he was and who stood
now a boy again among the boys of his
boyhood, and asked If fifteen minutes— a
quarter of an hour tor De Molay No. 4?
It threw the little chief completely off
his schedule; Just fifteen minutes was
more then enough to do that All the
work was done, the anxiety nearly past-
Martin had risen to rest his thumping
head. But fifteen minutes; once in a life
time—Bucks asking It.'
T)uffy turned to big Jack Moore stand
ing at his Bide ready to pull De Molay
over the pass and spoke to him low. Jack
nodded; everything went with Jack, even
We had seen a good many swell trains
that day, the swellest that ever pounded
our fishplates, Pullmans solid, and the
finest kind of people. Boston, Washing
ton. New York, Philadelphia sent some
pretty gorgeous trains. : But with at
least half the town on the platform,
when De Molay Four rolled in it took
their breath so they couldn't -yell till
the Sir Knights began pouring; from the
cronies of his youth. Little fellows they
were in railroading, when he rode the goat
with them, but now mostly, like him, big
fellows. Half a dozen old salts had been
pounding ahead of him all day over the
wire. They were to Join him and Mr. and
Mrs. Callahan for supper in the private
car, and the yellow cider lay on the thin
shaven Ice and the mountain grouse
curled on the grill Irons when De Molay
Four. Pittsburg, pulled into Medicine
Bend. ¦ ¦
day morning on. It was all against Duffy.
When | the , chief took the middle trick
there were fourteen Templar, specials still
to come with the last one just pulling out
or McCloud on the plains. ' They were
orflered to run with right of track over
all eastbound trains thirty minutes apart
all the way. through. ., ' . .;-.'
: A minute after Martin Duffy sat in the
conductor of the train below registered
out. " There ' .was • a" yell pretty soon and
away went the ' Baltimore ' crowd— and
they were corkers, too, those Baltimore
fellows, and traveled Ilk© lords, ../.
, At . 6* o'clock In the evening the : trains
In the west division \ were moving "Just
like clocks on the' hour and half— thirty
minutes,' thirty minutes, - thirty .' minutes—
and, as far as young Giddings -could see,
Duffy, , after five ;;¦ booming ; hours, was
fresher than when he took the chair. The
little dispatcher's capacity f or '; work was
something enormous; It' wasn't till after
supper time, with the worst of the figur
ing behind, him, and in the letting down
of anxiety, that Martin began to look
older and his dry Indian hair to crawl
over his forehead. By that time his eyes
had- lost 'their snap, and when he mo
tioned Giddings to the key, and got up to
walk up and. down the hall In the breeze
he looked like a. wilted potato vine. His
last batch of orders was only a little one
compared with those that had gone be
fore. But with the changes to the dif
ferent crews they read about like this:
Telegraphic Train Order Number 63.
Mountain Division.
Superintendent's Office, August 8, 1892.
For Medicine Bend to C. and E. of En
gines 664, -738, 810," 326 and 82. .
Engines 664, 738, 810 and 326 will run as
four < specials, Medicine Bend - to Bear
Dance. , Engine 826 will | double-head spe
cial 326 to summit of Eagle Pass.
, First No. 80. engine . 179, will run two
We worked the whole spring getting
things up along the line, from Omaha to
the Sierras, for that conclave. Engines
were overhauled, rolling stock touched* up,
roadbed put in shape, everything shaken
from end to end. Not only were the pas
senger records to be smashed, but be
yond that a lot of our big general officers
were way-up Masons and meant that our
line should get not merely the cream of
the business but the cream of the ad
vertising out of the thing. The general
.tenor of the instructions was to nickel
plate everything, from the catalpas to
the target rods. For three months be
fore the conclave date we were busy get
ting ready for it, and when the big day
drew near on which we were to under
take the moving and the feeding of six
thousand people one way- on one track
through the mountains,- the - cartinks
smoked cross-cut and the Russian sec
tion men began to oil their hair.
Callahan was superintendent under
Bucks, then general manager, and Martin
¦Duffy, chief dispatcher; Neighbor, super
intendent *of motive power, and Double
day, division master mechanic, and with
everything buttoned up on the West^3nd
we went that Sunday morning on the fir
ing line to take the first of the Templar
specials.
Medicine Bend had the alkali pretty
well washed out of its eyes and never be
fore In its history had It appeared really
gay. The old Wickiup was decorated till
It looked like a buck rigged for a ghost
dance. Right after daybreak the trains
began rolling in on Harold Davis' trlc!c
Duffy had annulled all local freights and
all through odds and evens, all stock
tramps east and* all west-bound empties
—everything that could be had been sus
pended for that Sunday, and with it all
there were still by five times more trains
than ever before rolled through Medicine
Bend in twenty-four hours. - ,
It ' was like a festival day in the moun
tains. Even the Indians and the squaw
men turned out to see the fun. There
was a crowd at the depot by 5 o'clock,
when the first train rolled up the lower
gorge with St. John's Commandery No.
River Junction — struck up on his mouth
organ "Put Me Off at Buffalo" they
dropped seven dollars odd and three bag
gage checks Into his hat while the crews
were changing engines. It appeared to
affect them uncommon to see a fellow
without any hands or feet play the mouth
organ, and before sundown Shorty made
the killing of his life. With what he
raked in that day he kept the City Mar
shal guessing for three months— which
was also pretty good for a man without
any hands or feet. •
All day it was that way; train after
train and. ovation after ovation. The day
was cool as a watermelon — August — and
bright as a baby's face air through the
mountains, and the Templars went up
Into the high passes with all the owing
and noise we could raise. ..Harold Davis
took it all morning steady from 4 a. m.
at the dispatcher's key. He was. used up
long before noon; but he stayed, and just
at 12 o'clock, while a big Templar train
from Baltimore was loading its command
ery in front of the Wickiup after an early
dinner the big Templar band played a
tingling twostep, Martin Duffy stuck his
dry, parchment face Into the' platform
crowd, elbowed his way unnoticed
through it, climbed the Wickiup stairs,
walked \ Into the dispatcher's I room and,
throwing off his hat and coat, leaned over
Harold Davis' shoulder and took a trans
fer. -.; ' • .-—.—..¦.... .
Young Giddings had been sitting there
in a perspiration half an hour, then; he
copied for Martin Duffy that day. j At
noon they figured to get the last Templar
over the' Eagle Pass with the set of the
sun. When Duffy took the key he never,
looked his force cleaner, only he was
tired; Giddings could see that. The reg
ular man had been sick a week and Mar
tin had been filling in. Besides that, all
Saturday, the day before, he had been
spiking the line— figuring ' what could be
annulled and what couldn't; what ' could
be run extra and- what could.be put Into
regulars. Callahan had just got married
and was going out to the , coast on - his
wedding tour Jn Bucks' car. He had rer
fused to look at an order after Saturday
night. Sunday morning, and from Sun-
silent, I expect, but p]eading-like. It
was left largely to Martin, for the young
fellow was already chief; and that was
the trouble — he hated to bear down too
hard; so he compromised by asking his
superintendent not to fire Bob. but to set
him back. They -sent him up as night
man to Rat River, the meanest place on
the whole system. That was the summer
of the Templars' conclave at San
•Frisco.
3 from Buffalo, and the Pullmans were
gay with bunting. The Medicine Bend
crowd gave them an Indian yell, and in
two minutes the Knights, with their
scalps In their hands as a token of sur
render, were tumbling Out of their sleep
ers Into the crisp dawn. They were Just
like schoolboys, and when Shorty Love
lace—the local curiosity who had both
feet and hands frozen off the night he
got drunk with Matt Cassidy at Goose
6o up and uo ladder he went. Mes
senger, operator— up to assistant dispatch
er, up to a regular trick dispatcher. Up
to' the orders and signing the J. M. C,
the letters that stood for our superintend
ent's name and honor. Up to the trains
and their movements, up to the lives,
then CHIEF!— with the honor of the divi
sion all clutched in Martin Duffy's three
quick rijrht fingers on the key and his
three quick left fingers on the pen at
the fan* Instant scratching orders across
Bob Duffy was taller than Martin and
I would repeat, handsomer; but I can't,
because Martin had absolutely no basis
of beauty to start with. He was parch
ment-like and palish from sitting night
after night and night after night over a
»ounder. Never a sick day In his life;
but always over the sounder until, sleep.
Ing or waking, resting or working, the
current purred and purred through his
great little head like a familiarity taking
old tomcat. He could guess more off
a wire than most men could catch after
the whole thing had tumbled in.
It was then that Martin reached out
a hand to his elder brother. There were
really Just the two brothers; and back
of them — as there Is, somewhere, back
of every railroad man — a mother. No
father— not generally; Just a mother. A
quiet, somber little woman in a shawl
and a bonnet of no special shape or size
just a ehawl and a bonnet, that's all.
Anyhow, the Duffy hpys* mother was
that way, and there's a lot more like
fcer. I don't know what gets the fathers;
maybe, very often, the scrap. But
there's almost always, somewhere, a
mother. So after Martin began to make
a record, to help his mother and his
brother both, he spoke for Bob. Cal
lahan didn't hesitate ox jolly him as he
used to do with a good many. He
thought the company couldn't have too
many of the Duffy kind; bo he said,
"Yes. sure." And Bob Duffy was put
at work— tame thing exactly: carrying
messages, reading hair-destroyers and
blowing bis salary' on pie.
But pie acts queer. Sometimes It makes
a man's head solid and his heart big;
then again It makes a man's head big
end his heart solid. I'm not saying any
thing more now except that pie certainly
acts different. '
Martin bepan work In the telegraph of
tfee: he really learned the whole thing
right there at the Bend under Callahan.
r>san carrying Western Unions stuck at
his waist under a hear-y leather belt. He
wore in those day*, when he had real re
rponsiLility, a formidable brown Stetson
that appeared bent on swallowing his
car?: it was about the time he was rising
trousers and eleven. Nobody but Sinker
ever beat Martin Duffy delivering m»
pafres, rd<1 nobody, bar none — Bullhead.
McTerza, anybody— ever beat him eallr.K
pie. It was by eating pie that he was able
to v.e.ir the belt to long— and you may
take that either way. But I Bpeak "gladly
of the pie, because In the usual course of
events there isn't much pie in a dispatch
er's life. There is. by very large odds,
more anxiety than pie, and I Introduce
the pie, not to give weight to the inci
dents that follow, but rather to lighten
them: thoug-h as Duffy has more recently
admitted, this was not always the effect
of th* pie itself.
I do not believe that Martin Duffy ever
had an enemy. A right tight little chap
he was, with always a good word, even
under no end of pressure on the single
track. There's many a struggling train
man that will look Quick and grateful
when any fellow far or near speaks a
¦word about Martin Duffy. Fast as he
climbed his head never swelled. His hats
rested, even after he got a key, same as
the original Stetson, right on the wings
of his ears. But bis heart grew right
along after his head stopped, and that's
where he laid over some other railroad
men I could mention if I had to, which I
don't— not here.
About the time it looked as If Martin
would make a go of It on the road, the
postoffice Inspectors were thinking Bob
would make a go of It over the road.
But he was such a kid of a fellow that
the postmaster convinced the detective
Bob's way of doing things was simple
foolishness, which It probably was, and
they merely swore him out of the ser
vice.
The 6ource of its illumination is be
lieved to be understood. I say believed,
because in a day when yesterday's be
liefs are to-morrow's delusions I commit
myself personally to no theory. Whether
it is a thing living or dead; whether ma
lign to mackerel or potent In its influ
ence on imperfectly understood atmos
pheric phenomena, I do not know. I doubt
whether anybody knows, except may be
Monsoon himself. I know only that on
the West End Monsoon's headlight, from
every point of view, stands high, and that
en one occasion It stood between Abe
Monsoon and a frightful catastrophe.
There have been of late studied efforts
to introduce electric headlights on the
Mountain Division. 'But there are grlz
rled mtn in the cab who look with dis
trust-silent, it Is true, yet distrust— on
the claims put forth for them. While
Monsoon-s headlight does its wofk-as it
has done even lone before Monsoon fol
lowed it to the West End. and will do
long after he leaves the West End— why.
they say. ar.d reasonably enough, take
en new and theoretical substitutes?
While the discussion deepens and even
rases in the Wickiup. Monsoon himself
Is silent. Brave men are modest men.
Among ourttlves we don't use adjectives:
where Monsoon :«< known it is not neces
sary to put anything ahead of his name—
except', may be, once a month on the
payroll when the cross-eyed accountant
adds A. or Abe or Abraham, Just as he
happens to be fixed for time. Monsoon's
name in itself stands for a great deal.
When his brother engineers, men who
have grown seamy and weather beaten
In th* service, put up their voices for
Mpnsoon's headlight: or when talkative
storekeepers, who servilely Jump at head
quarters' experiments in order to court
the favor of the hljrh. ppeak for electric
ity, Abe Monsoon himself is silent. His
light is there: let them take it or leave
It as they will. If the superintendent of
motive power should attempt to throw It
out for the new fangled arrangement
Monsoon would doubtless feel that it was
not the first time Omaha had gone wrong
—and, for that matter, that neither he
nor anvbodv else had assurance It would
be the last. However—
The ptory cpen? on Bob Duffy. - Bob.
right from the start, was what I call a
pood-lcoker. and being the oldest bey. he
had more of the swing anyway. When
Martin fame along his mother hadn't got
over thinking about Bob. Doubtless she
thought, to", of Martin, but he was kind
of overshadowed. Bob began by clerking
in the po*tcfnce and delivering mail to all
the pretty girls. His sympathy for the
girls was fn great that after awhile he
bepan parsing out letters to them whether
they were addressed to the girls or to
pomrbody « : 1«<». This gradually weak
ened his influence with the Government.
VERT able men have given their
lives to the study of Monsoon's
headlight, yet science, after no end
of investigation, stands in Its pres
ence baffled.
When young Giddings sat in the sun
was dropping between the Tetons. In the
yard the car cleaners were polishing the
plates on -Bucks' private car, and the
darky cook was pulling chickens out of
the refrigerator. Duffy had thirteen con
claves moving smoothly on the middle
trick. . The final one was due and the
hostlers were steaming down with the
double-header to pull. it over the pass.
This, the last of the commandery - trains.
was to bring De Molay Commandery No.
i of Flttsburg, and the orders were to
couple Bucks' car on to It for the run
west. De Molay— and everybody had no
tice—was Bucks' old commandery back fn
Pennsylvania, and be was going to the
erd of the division that night with the
hours thirty minutes late Bear Dance to
Medicine Bend.
Second No. 80, engine 284. will run three
hours and fifteen minutes late Bear Dance
to Medicine Bend. * "
•Third No. 80, engine no, will run four
hours and thirty minutes late Bear Dance
to Medicine Bend. J. M. C.
D.
It's up to the Chief. I'm not In It on
the orders, yon know. Martin," he
called, as Duffy bent his head, "they
want fifteen minutes here to stretch their
legs. Say they've been roasted In the
alkali ail day. Can you do anything for
the boys?" *
The boysl Big fellows In fezes. Shrlner
style, and slim fellows In duck, sailor
style, and bow-legged fellows In cheviot,
any old style. Chaps In white flannel and
chaps In gray and chaps In blue. Turk
ish whiskers and Key "West cigars and
crusaders' togs — and. between them.
Bucks, his head most of the time In
chancery. It was the first time they had
seen him since he had made our Jim
Crow line Into a system known from the
Boston and Maine to the Mexican Cen-
Bucks' old rang spied him. Modestly
back under the portico, he stood near
the ticket window, and they broke
through at him solid. They pulled him
and hauled him from hand to hand. They
stood him on his head and on his hands
and on bis feet again, and told him of
something they wanted and wanted right
off.
Bucks looked the least bit uncertain
as he considered the opening request.
It wasn't much In some ways, what they
asked; In other ways It was~a good deal.
He laughed and bantered and Joked
them as long as they would stand it;
then he called up to Martin Duffy, who
was leaning out the dispatchers' win
dow, "We'll see how he talks." laughed
Bucks In his great big way. "But. boys.
restlbules and gave Medicine Bend their
own lordly cheer.
Mahogany vestibules they were end
extension platforms: salon " lamps and
nickeled handrails: buffet smoker and
private dinar: a royal train and a royal
company; olive green from tender to
tall lights— Do Molay Four, Plttsburg.
Martin said right off he ought to go.
But there was the little mother up home,
the clip. Talk about ambidexterity—Mar
tin didn't know what It would be like
to use one hand at a time. If Martin
Duffy said 'right, trains went right, i If
he said wrong, trains went wrong. But
Martin never «ald the wrong: he said
only the right Glddlnga knows; he cop
led for him long enough. Giddinies and
plenty more of them can tell all about
Martin Duffy.
Bob didn't rise In the service quite so
fast as Martin. He did more of the so
cial act. and that pleased his mother,
who, on account erf her bonnet-and-ihawl
complexion, didn't achieve ' much that
way." Martin, too, was proud of his
brother, and as soon as Bob could handle
a wire, which was very soon (for he
learned things In no time) Martin got
Callahan to put him up at Grant as ope
rator. Bob got the place because he was
Martin's brother, nothing else. He held
It about two months, then he resigned
and -went to San 'Frisco. He was a rest
less fellow; it was Bob up and Bob down.
For a year he wandered around out there,
telegraphing, then he boDbed up again
In Medicine Bend out of a Job. He wanted
to go to work, and— well. Callahan—Mar
tin's brother, you know— sent him up to
Montalr as night operator. Three months
he worked steady as a dock. Then one
night the dispatchers at the Bend couldn't
fret Montatr for two hours. It laid out
No. 6 and a special with the general man
ager and made no end of a row.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
THE OPERATOR'S STORYoffice. Martin Duffy pushed his sallow
hair back for the last time, and, leaving
young Giddings to get the last O. K.'s
and the last Complete j on his trick, got
out of tho/chalr.
It had been a tremendous day for Gid
dlngs, a tremendous day. Thirty-two
Specials on the dispatchers/and Glddings
copying for the Chief. He sat down
after Duffy. 'filled with a riotous'import
ance because it was now, , in affect, all
up to Glddlngs, personally; at. least un
til Barnes Tracy should presently kick
him out of the Beat of honor for tha night
trick. Mr. Giddlngs sat down and waited
for the signature of the orders. •
Very soon Pat Francis dropped off Da
Molay Four/standing at Elcho.. ran
straight to the operator • for his '. order,
signed It and at once Order 79 was
throbbing back to young Giddlngs at
Medicine: Bend.' It was precisely 7:54 p.
m. when Giddlngs gave back the Com
plete and at 7:55, Elcho' reported Special
326 out," .;'. all • Just Ilka clock work.
What a . head Martin Duffy has, . thought
young Glddings— and behold! all t the
complicated everlasting headwork of'the
trick and \ th'e day, and .of the West ¦ End
and its honor, was now; up to the signa
ture of Third : Eighty at Rat : River. Just
Third Eighty's signature f or . the . Rock
Point : meeting, and the biggest Job ever
tackled by a single-track road In Amer
ica, Glddings thought, was done and well
done. ,. . •
So the ambitious Glddings by means of
whera he had absolutely nothing to do
but smoke cigars and drink champagne,
and Pat Francis In the aisles, and Bucks,
with Mr. and Mrs. Callahan and their
crowd In private No. 12— there was that
much shouting anu tooting and waving
that Martin Duffy simply couldn't think
for a few seconds; yet he held them all,
for life or for death, every last one, in
the curve of his fingers.
' So they stood reaay in mg gorge while
Duffy studied wearily how to handle
First, Second and Third Eighty against
them.
First, Second and Third Eighty! If they
could only have been wiped off the face
of the rails as easy as they might have
been wiped off a train sheet! But there
they were, three sections, and big ones,
of the California fast freight. High class
stuff for Chicago and New York that
couldn't be held or laid out that Sunday,
not for a dozen conclaves. All day First,
Second and Third Eighty had been feeling
their way east through the mountains,
trying to dodge the swell commanderies
rolling by impudent as pay cars. But all
the final plans to keep them out of every
body's way, out of the way of fez and
turban and chapeau and Greek cross and
crimson splashed sleepers, were now
dashed by thirty minutes at Medicine for
De Molay Four.
Order after order went out from under
his hand. New meeting points for First,
Second and Third Eighty and De Molay
Four, otherwise Special 32C.
Pat Francis snatched the tissues from
Duffy's hand and, after the battalion had
dispersed among their wives and sisters,
and among the sisters of the other fel
lows; after the pornponed chaps had
chucked the trombones and cymbals and
drums at old John Parker's shins: after
the last air-cock had been tested and the
last laggard crusader thrown forcibly
aboard by the provost guard, the double
header tooted, "Out!" and. with the flut
ter of an ocean liner De Molay Four
pulled up the gorge.
The orders buttoned in the reefers gave
De Molay a free sweep to Elcho. and Jack
Moore and Oyster were the men to take
It, good and hard. Moreover, there /was
glory aboard. Pennsylvania nobs,* way
up railroad men, waiting to see what for
motive power we had In the woolly West;
how we climbed mountains and skirted
canyon walls and crawled down two and
three per cent grades. Then with Bucks
himself in the private car— what • wonder
they let her out and swung De Molay
through- the gorge as may be you've seen
a particularly buoyant kite snake its . tail
out of the grass . and send It careening
skyward. When they slowed for. Elcho
at nightfall, past First and Second
Eighty, and Bucks named the mileage,
the Pennsys refused to believe it for ; the
hour's run. But fast as they had sped
along the iron trail, Martin Duffy's work
had oped ahead of them, and this. order
was waiting:
Telegraphic Train Order No. 79.
C. and E. Third No. SO, Rat River.
C. and E. Special 326, Elcho.
tha turntables that stock with other en
gineers. Martin In his shirt sleeves leaned
out ,tbe window and, looking down on tha
turbaned and turbulent mob, spoke so
Bucks could hear.
"What is itr* demanded tha most puis
»ant commander of De Molay, excitedly,
"what does he say, Bucks?"
"What says the slave?" growled a sac
end formidable crusader; "out with It!"
"All we want Is fifteen minutes."
"You wouldn't turn us down on fifteen
minutes this far from an oasis, would
you. Bucks V protested a glass-eyed
Bhriner.
Bucks looked around royally. "Fifteen
minutes?" he drawled. "What's a quar
ter of an hour in a lifetime, Jackman,
on the last oasis? Take off your clothes
you fellows, and take half an hour. Now
will you be »rood?"
De Molay put up a Templar yell. They
always get the good things of life, those
Pittsburg men; things other fellows
couldn't begin to get. They passed the
word through the sleepers and the women
began pouring from the vestibules. In
two aulck minutes out came the Du
quesne band in. red pompom, duck trous
ers and military Jackets white corded
with black. The crowd broke, the band
marched down tha platform and, strik
ing up the "Washington Post." opened
ranks on the grass plat above the Wickiup
to receive the De Molay guard. One hun
dred Knights Templar in fatigue de
bouched into a bit of a park and In the
purple of the sunset gave a commandery
drill to the honor of Bucks— Bucks and
the Wcet End.
It was Sunday night, and still as Au
gust could make it. The battalion, mov
ing silent and mobile as a steamer over
the grafis. marched, deployed and rested.
They broke, to the clear cut music, Into
crosses ar.d scuares and crescents and
stare until email boys went cross-eyed,
and wheeling at last on the line they sa
luted Buck*— himself a past grand com
mander—and the railroad men yelled.
Meantime the general manager's pri
vate car had been pasted on the tall end
of De Molay Four', and a pusher edging
up ctuck its nose Into the rear vestibule.
On the head end Jack Moore and Oyster
¦were backing down on the olive-green
6trlng with the two smoothest moguls on
the division. Bucks and Neighbor had
held back everything good all day for
D* Molay Four, down to engines and run
ners and conductor. Pat Francis carried
the punch, and the little chief sat again
Jn the dispatcher's chair for De Molay
Four.
And while the lovely women strolled in
the cool of the evening and the odor of
mountain sweetness and the guard drilled
and the band played the chief knit his
brows over hip train sheet. It looked now,
rearranged, reordered, readjusted and re
organized, as If a Glla monster had claw
ed over It without wiping his feet And
when De Molay Four got ready to pull
out. with Moore and Oyster on the throt
tles and old John Parker In the baggage.
back at him with Third Eighty's signa
ture. Under Giddings' eye, as he sat.
ticked Martin Duffy's chronometer— the
watch that spilt the seconds and chimed
the quarters and stopped and started so
impossibly and ran to a second a month—
the watch that Bucks (who never did
things by halves) had given little Martin
Duffy with the order .that- made him
Chief. It lay at Giddlngs' fingers and the
minute hand wiped from the enameled
dial seven o'clock— fifty-five, fifty-six,
seven, eight— nine. Young Giddlngs
turned to his order book and in
spected his entries like a methodical
bookkeeper, and Martin Duffy's chronom
eter chimed the fourth quarter, 8 o'clock.
One entry he had still to make. Book In
hand, h« called Rat River.
"Get Third Eighty's signature to Order
79 and hurry them out," he tapped impa
tiently at Bob Duffy.
There was a wait. Glddings lighted his
pipe the way Callahan always lighted his
pipe— putting out his lips to catch all the
perfume and blowing the first cloud away
wearily, as Callahan always did wearily.
Then he twirled the match meditatively,
and listened and grot suddenly this from
Bob Duffy at Rat River:
"I forgot Order 79," came Bob Duffy's
message. "I let Third Eighty go without
It. They left here at seven fifty"— fifty
something. Giddlngs never heard fifty
what. The match went into the ink, tho
pipe into the water pall and Giddlngs, be
fore Bob Duffy finished, like a drowning
man was calling Elcho with the life and
death, the Nineteen call.
"Hold Special 326!" he cried over tha
wire the instant Elcho replied.
But Elcho, steadily, answered this:
"Special — Three-twenty-six — left—
here— seven-fifty-flve." ;
Giddlngs, with both hands on the table,
raised up like a drunken man. Eighty
in the open and going against, the De
Molay Four. Bucka. Callahan. wife —
everybody— and Rock Point a blind sid
ing that no word from anybody on earth
could reach ahead of Third Eighty.
Giddlngs sprang to the open window
and shouted to anybody and ' everybody
to call Martin Duffy. But Martin Duffy
spoke behind him. ¦
"What do you want7" he asked; It
came terribly quick on Giddlngs as he
turned.
"What's tha matter?" exclaimed Mar
tin, looking Into the boy's face. "Speak,
can't you? What's the matter, Gid
dlngs?" .
"Bob forgot Order 79 and let Third
Eighty go without— and Special 826 Is
out of Elcho," chocked Giddlngs. . .
"What?" t^vvJk.*^
"Bob at— Rat River— gave Third Eighty
a clearance without the, Order 79."
Martin Duffy sprang straight up in tha
air. Onca ha shut his lifted hands; once
he looked at Glddings, staggering again
through the frightful news, • then ha
dropped into the chair, looked wildly
around, seized his key like a hunted man,
stared at his train sheet, i grabbed the
order book, and listened. to Olddlngs cut
ting off one, hope after, -another of stop
ping Special 326. .His fingers set mechan
ically and he made the Rat River call,
but Rat River was silent. With Barnes
Tracy tiptoeing ¦ In behind on the in
stinct "of trouble, and young .Giddlngs
shaking like a leaf, the chief called Rat
River. Then he called Elcho, asked : for
special 326, and Elcho again repeated
steadily: .
"Special — 326 — left — here — on — or
der—7£-^at-seven-flfty-five p.' m."
Martin Duffy, bent before tha message;
young Glddings, who had been whispering
to Trapy, dropped on a stool and covered
his fac«. '..'¦'. .
"Don't cry, Giddlngs." It was Duffy
who spoke; dry and parched his voice.
Doubleday and the company surgeon.
Dr. Carhart, rushed Into the room almost
together. Then cama with a storm tha
wrecking boss. Benedict Morgan; it was
only an evil hour that brought Benedict
Morgan Into the dispatchers' office. Stoop
ed and silent, Martin Duffy holding the
chair, was calling Rat River. [ Carhart
watched him Just a moment, then ha took
Barnes Tracy aside and whispered— and.
going back, bent over Duffy. Tha chief
pulled himself up.
"Let Tracy take tha key," repeated the
doctor. "Get away from the table a min
ute, Martin. It may not be as bad as you
think."
Duffy, looking into the surgeon s face,
put his hand on his arm. "It's the Da
Molay train, the special 326. witu Bucks'
car, double-headed. Oh, my God— I can't
stop them. Doctor, they will meet!"
Carhart unfastened the fingers on his
arm. "Come away a minute. Let Tracy
have the key," he urged.
-J'A head-ender, eh?" croaked Benedict
Morgan from the counter, and with a
frightful oath. "A head-ender!"
"Shut up, you brute!" hissed Carhart.
Duffy's hands were creeping queerly up
the sides of his head.
"Sure." growled Benedict Morgan, low
erlngly, "sure. Shut up. Of course. Shut
up."
Carhart was a quick map. He started
for the 'wrecker, but Duffy, springing,
stopped him. "For God's cake, keep cool,
everybody," he exclaimed, piteously.
There was no one else to talk, to give the
orders. Bucks and Callahan both on tha
special— may be past order giving now.
Only Martin Duffy to take tha double
load and the double shame. Ha stared,
dazed again/into the faces around as ha
held to the fiery surgeon. "Morgan," he
added steadily, looking at the surly
wrecker, "get up your crew, quick.
Doubleday, make up all tha coaches in
the yard for an ambulance train. Get
every "doctor In town to go with you.
Tracy, clear the Una." ; j .
The master mechanic and Benedict Mor
gan clattered downstairs. Carhart. run
ning to the telephone, told central to
summon every medical man In tha Bend,
and hurried out. Before he had covered
a block roundhouse callers, like flaws of
wind before a storm, were scurrying the
streets, and from tha tower of tha flre
house sounded the harsh clang of the
emergency gong for the wreckers.
Caught where they could be caught, out
of saloons, beds, poker Joints, Salvation
barracks, churches— the men of th«
wrecking crew ran down tha . silent
streets, waking now fast lntofllfe. Con
gregations were dispersed, hymns cut.
prayers forgotten, bars deserted, 3 hells
emptied, barracks raided as that call, the
emergency gong call, fell as a fireball, for
the mountain division wrecking train.
While the yard crews shot up and down
the spurs switching coaches Into tha re
lief train Benedict Morgan with solid vol
leys of oaths was organizing his men
and filling them at tha lunch counters
with huge schooners of coffee. Carhart
pushed again, through tho Jam of men
and up to the dispatchers' office. Befora
and behind him crowded tha local physi
cians with Instrument bags and ban
dages. The ominous baggaga deposited
on the office floor, they sat down about
the room or hovered around Carhart ask
ing for details. Doubleday, tall and grim,
came over from the roundhouse. Bene
dict Morgan stamped up from tha yard—
the mountain division wu ready.
All three dispatchers were in tha room.
John Mailers, the day man, stood near
Tracy, who 'had relieved GIddlnjs. Tha
line was clear for the relief run. Elcho
had been notified of tha Impending dis
aster, and at Tracy's elbow sat tha chief
looking fixedly at the key— taking the bob
of the sounder with his eye. A doien
men In the room were talking; but their
spoke as men who speaking wait on tha
life of a fuse. Duffy, with suspense deep
ening Into ' frenzy, pushed Tracy's hand
from the key and, sliding Into tha chair,
began once more to call his brother at
Rat River.
"R, T f— RAT — R, T — R, T," clicked
the River call. "R, T — R, TV Bob— Bob
—Bob," spelled the sender. "Answer me,
answer, answer. R, T — R, T — R, T
R. T"—
And Barnes Tracy edged away and
leaned back to where the shadow hid his
face. And John Mailers, turning from
the pleading of the current, stared gloom
ily out of the window across the yard
shimmering under the double relay of
arc lights: and young Giddlngs. who
couldn't stand It— Just couldn't stand It
bending on his stool, shook v-ith gulping
sobs. ' . , •
The others knew nothing of the. heart
breaking , In tha little click, but thsjr
Third No. 80. Engine 210, and Special 326
will meat at Rock Point.
J. M. C.
D.
With this meeting point made. It would
be pretty much over in tha dispatchers'
a pocket mirror inspected a threatening
'pimple on the end of his chubby nose,
palming tha glass skillfully so Barnes
Tracy couldn't see It even If he did Inter
rupt his , eruption, and waited for Bob
Duffy, the Rat River nightman, to coma
"It's nothing you — could help." He looked
around and saw. Tracy at his' elbow.
"Barnes," he said, but he tried twice be
fore his voice would carry. "Barnes—
they will meet In Cinnamon ¦ cut. Gid
dlngs told you? Bob forgot, forgot my
order. Run. Giddlngs, for Benedict Mor
gan and Doubleday and Carhart— quick!"
Glddings ran. tha Rat River call echo
ing c}own tha hall behind him. Rat River
was closest to Rock Point— would get tha
first news of tha wreck and Martin Duffy
was calling his recreant- brother at tha
river; but tha river was silent.
all knew the track— knew whera th«
trains would meet; knew they could not
by any possibility see each other till they
whirled together on the curve of the Cin
namon cut or on tha trestle west of It,
and they waited only for tha breaking of
the suapense that settled heavily over
them.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty minutes went,
with Martin Duffy at intervals vainly
calling. Then— as tha crack opens in tha
mountain slide, as the sea gives up at
last Its dead, tha sounder spoke— Rat
River made tha dispatcher's call. And
Martin Duffy, staring at the copper coil,
pushed himself up In bis chair Ilka a man
that chokes, , caught smothering at his
neck, and slipped wriggling to the floor.
Carhaxt caught him up, but Duffy's eyes
stared meaningless past him. Rat River
was calling him, but Martin Duffy was
past tha taking. Like the man next at
the gun. Barnes Tracy sprang into tha
chair with the I. I. D. The surgeon. Gld
dlngs helping, dragged Duffy to tha
lounge In Callahan's room— his chief was
mora to Giddlngs then than the fate of
Special 328. But soon confused voices be
gan to ring from where men were crowd-
Ing around tha dispatcher's table. They
echoed in to where tha doctors worked
over tha raving chief. And young Gid
dlngs. helping, began, too. to hear strange
things from the other room.
"The moon — "
"The moon?"
"The MOON'!"
"What?"
Barnes Tracy was trying to make
himself heard:
"The moon, damn It! MOON! That's
English, ain't It? Moon."
"Who's talking at Rat River?" demand
ed Benedict Morgan, hoarsely.
"Chick Neale.- conductor of Third Eigh
ty; their train Is back at Rat River. God
bless that man," stammered Barnes Tra
cy, wiping his forehead feverishly: "he's
an old operator. He says Bob Duffy Is
missing— tell Martin. Quick, there isn't
any wreck — quick!"
. "What does Neale say?" cried Double
day with an explosion.
Tracy thought he had told them, but
he hadn't. "He says his engineer. Aba
Monsoon, was scared by the moon ris
ing Just as they cleared Kennel Butte."
explained Tracy unsteadily. "He took
It for the headlight of Special 32S and
Jumped from his engine. The fireman
backed tha train to Rat River— see?"
While Tracy talked. Mailers at the
key was getting it all. "Look here," 1*»
exclaimed, "did you ever hear of such
a mlx-up in your life? Tha head brake
man of the freight was in the cab. Neale
says. Ha and the engineer were talking
about tha last Conclave train, wonder
ing where they wero going to meet It.
when tha brakeman spied the moon
coming up around Kennel Butte curve.
There's tho S2& Special!' he yelled, and
lighted out tha gangway. Monsoon re
versed and Jumped off after him so
quick ha knocked tha fireman over In
the coal. When tha fireman r;ot up— ha
hadn't heard a word of It all— ha
couldn't sea anything ahead but tha
moon. So ha stops the train and backs
up for tha two guys. When Neale- and
ha picked them up they ran right back
to Rat River for orders. They never
got to Rock Point at all— why. they
never got two miles east of Rat River."
"And Where's Special 320?" cried
Doubleday.
"At Rock Point, you loco. She must
be there and waiting yet for Third
Eighty. The stopping of tha freight gava
her plenty of time to make the meeting
point, don't you see, and there she Is—
sweating — yet. Neale Is an old operator.
By heaven! Give me a man of the key
against the world. Praise God from
whom all blessings flow!"
"Then there Isn't to he any wreck V
ventured a shy little lady homeopathlo
physician, who had been crimped Into the
fray to help do up the mangled Knights
and was modestly waiting her opportun
ity.
"Not to-night," announced Tracy with
the dignity of a man temporarily la
charge of the entire division.
A yell went out of the room like a tidal
wave. Doubleday and Benedict Morgan
had not spoken to each other since tha
night of the roundhouse fire— that was
two years. They turned, wonder-struck.
to each other. Doubleday Impulsively put
out his hand and before he could pull It
In again the wrecking boss grabbed It
like a- check. Carhart. who was
a pay
catching the news from the rattle of
young Glddlngg, went wild trying to re
peat it to Duffy without losing it In his
throat. The chief was opening his eyes,
try-Ins to understand.
Engineer Monsoon was a new man, who
had been over the division only twice be
fore in his life, both times In daylight.
For that emergency Abe Monsoon was
the man of all others, because it takes
more than an ordinary moon to scars a
thoroughbred West End engineer. But
Monsoon and his moon headlight had be
tween them saved D© Molay Four from
the scrap.
Bucks cot the whole thing when Do
Molay Four reached Rat River that night.
Bucks and Callaban and Moore and Oys
ter and Pat Francis got it and smiled
grimly. Nobody else on Special C6 even
dreamed of leaving a bone that Sunday
night In the Cinnamon cut. All the rest
of the evening Bucks smiled Just the sams
at the Knights and Knightesses. and they
thought him for a bachelor wonderfully
entertaining. -r
A month later, when the old boys, mora
or less ragged, came straggling back from
Frisco, Bucks' crowd stayed over a train,
and he told his Pennsylvania cronies what
they bad slipped through In that delay
at Rock Point.
"Just luck." laughed one of the Eastern
superintendents, who wore on his watch
chain an enormous Greek cross with "Our
trust Is In God" engraved on it. ' "Just
luck." ha laughed, "wasn't It?"
"May be." murmured Bucks. looking
through the Wickiup window at the Teton
peaks. "That Is— you might call It that
back on the Penn. Out here I guest they'd
call It. Just God."
• -
THE SUNDAY CALI*
13
-DE MOLAY FOURTIS
SPEARMAN
i — mimea—mn^...
Love's Victory
at the Polls?
This amazing triumph of the wom*n
of an entire State is just coming to i^ht.
It Is a feature of the :::::::;:::
' NE,XT 1
SUNDAY !
CALL \
Which every woman io the Vest will
read it ::::::::::: i ::::; D
Vatch for the n~w M
MYSTERIOUS THRILLING h
FASGNATING ROMANCE |
?.The. Golden Fetich, J
BEGINS NEXT SUNDAY. 'jBEAUTY AND THE MAN
-•-•By' BaEITo GORDON
Second— That under the State constitu
tion the Governor did not possess the par
doning, power, that function being vested
In a pardoning board, consisting of (he
That tribunal upon the hearing decided:
First— That the Territorial Governor was
vested by the organic act with the power
to pardon, but not with any power to
commute, and that the commutation of
sentence to imprisonment for life was in
valid. (
The Attorney General of the new State,
noting the departure of Janes, began- to
make it troublesome for the Warden
who had permitted him to go and that
functionary, who had some doubts as to
the legality of his action, wrote to Janes
requesting him to return. The liberated
man did so and proceedings were at once
instituted to determine the legality of his
Imprisonment by the issuance of a writ
of habeas corpus by the Supreme Court
of Nevada.
The existence of this pardon was kept
quiet for political reasons until after the
Senatorial election. On the day that it
was to take effect the Warden released
Janes, who thereupon departed for Cali
fornia.
A man named Janes shot and killed in
a saloon In Virginia City, Nev., a bar
keeper named Dowd. The quarrel grew
out of a semi-religious discussion and the
Influence of the Celtic population was di
rected successfully to aid in the punish
ment of the offender. He was convicted
of the murder in the first degree, and, as
was supposed, sentenced to death. Be
fore the time arrived for his execution
James W. Nye, then Governor of Nevada
Territory, commuted the sentence to im
prisonment for life in the penitentiary at
Carson City. A month or two afterward
the State constitution . was adopted and
Nevada was admitted to the Union. The
Territorial Governor was authorized to
act e/ Governor of the State until the
succeeding first of January. During this
Interregnum Nye issued an absolute par
don to Janes, to take effect the succeed
ing February.
So Balrd could never love any one but
a beauty! She , carefully refrained from
asking herself why this should ; pique her
particularly; since her plainness had never
interfered with their friendship, "¦< and he
spent far more . time with her than with
any of the pretty girls of their set.; Still—
"Well, I don't care," she said aloud,' as,
glancing at the clock, she arose and be-
"Perhaps you are right," was the mild
reply, and the conversation drifted to
other and safer subjects. But there was
a speculative look In Barbara's eyes for
the rest of the afternoon, which would
have told a careful - observer that she
was .turning some plan over in her mind.
Her usual hour of rest ' before dinner
she spent lying at full length on the divan
in her room, with her hands clasped un
der her head and her eyes fixed on the
open fire, thinking.
There was more heat in his tone than
he liked, but he wasn't able to suppress
it. Somehow he didn't enjoy being made
to feel that he was not at all like her
Ideal man — even* though they were noth
ing but friends. •
Dunham was but five feet six, and
though he was well knit and substantial,
with a clean-bred look that was in itself
a recommendation, he was a trifle sensi
tive on the score of the six additional
Inches of height that he felt should have
been his. ' >••;;<¦ ¦
"A man's appearance Isn't of much con
sequence," he observed, somewhat stiffly.
"His field Is action. It is what he is,
rather than how. he looks."
Dunham • glanced at her quickly. For
one startled moment he half thought—
but no, Barbara was too good a fellow to
give a man a fleck on the raw like that.
It was a mere coincidence.
"You are right," she agreed, . with im
personal candor. "All women should be
beautiful." There was a sliught pause, a
hesitation Just marked enough to give
force to the conclusion of her sentence.
"Just as all men should be big and
strong!"
These were the questions she asked her
self hotly, but her voice— that low, vibrant
voice that thrilled one with Its rich differ
ence from other voices— betrayed In its
full evenness no trace of the resentment
that surged within her. s
"She's a beauty, all. right," Barbara de
cided, as she kissed her in greeting and
conducted her to her .room, and, .though
she "kept up her part of their animated
talk about old times and old friends, her
eyes feasted themselves upon Amy's love
liness. The latter's most ordinary move
ment was endowed with a ;. grace ', that
made Barbara - half believe .that beauty
was the only thing after all. When other
girls lifted their hands and removed their
hatpins it was an action - scarce worthy
of notice. But when Amy's arms went up
with a languid grace and her rather large
but beautifully molded hands, . with their
long, tapering fingers, drew forth a glit
tering pin and removed her hat. Barbara
felt vaguely that she was witnessing a
rite— that she was seeing a poem.
But after a few days of her companion
ship the , glamour was always bedlmmed.
The eyes were feasted,' to be sure, but the
mind and heart were starved. ;, One wear
ied of heir rose-like, . fluttering 'color and
the : amiable but ..' unmeaning, smile,*, and
even ', of the very ';¦' perfect - rows ' of teeth
that 1 the smile exposed.'
.'"I'am going to. have a friend with me
for '¦ a month," Barbara bad ? told Baird
Dunham In preparation, "a girl - that I
gan to roll up the masses of her dark
hair, sticking the great shell pins In here
and there with reckless indifference. "I'm
tired of hearing him'talk that way. He
deserves to be punished. Beauty may be
the greatest thing, but ¦ it > isn' t greater
than all other things put. together!
"A few weeks of Amy. will be good for
him," she soliloquized as she went on
with her. dressing. Then, when she .was
ready for dinner, she sat down at her
desk and wrote a letter to her 1 former
schoolmate — the beauty of her class — urg
ing her to make her a long promised visit.
In the course of a. week or two the In
vitation had been accepted and Miss Av
enll arrived. That she was a beauty was
a fact as self-evident as that the sky is
blue (when it is so). It was a fact that
admitted of no difference of opinion.
Her; skin was like a La France rose,
her eyes deeply ; blue and her hair sug
gested mingled gold and copper. The
curves of 'her gracious figure swirled and
flowed m^lin4s so' graceful, so alluring
that even the most sluggish beholder was
kindled into admiration. • .: .. .;.
She had heard practically the same
thing from him before, but to-day for
the first time her patience gave way
utterly.. Apparently, all sense of her
womanhood had been sunk in their com
radeship. Instead of rejoicing in this
state of affairs, a feeling of injury out
rage — suddenly flared up in her heart.
Did he think that because her fea
tures were lregular and her complexion
dull. she was a girl who did not need to
be reckoned with? , Did he suppose she
was the less a woman because she was
plain?. Had he no Idea of the sting In
the remarks he was forever ' making
about feminine beauty? .
He paused and turned toward his
companion with a waiting, /expectant
look, as if he wanted to be sure that
she understood, and she answered the
unspoken question of his glance with
a slow smile that did not betray, by so
much as a flicker, the warm, .' reproach
ful, woman wrath in her heart. -
\ t I '-i jllTRlNO the long talks
r^Zjy^^j that those two excel
7t 2 1 lent friends — Baird
¦ 1 tofiV^fjt' B Dunham and Barbara
2 a Tffitnarln S° mers — had from
I -& -5 fa tlme to tlme about
ffifci ¦ ¦*^^\ T? Ufe. the world and
£S2ff as=fai!Ha Eiraa the men and women
therein, he had more than once confided
to her that never could he fall in love
with a woman who was not a beauty.
"I can't exactly explain how I feel
about it," he said one day as they sat
together in an art gallery, where his
worshiping eyes- returned ever and
again to a pictured face of rare beauty
that looked down upon them from the
warm, red walls. "It isn't that I think
they are the most fascinating. Wit
and beauty * are not too fond of each
other's company. Besides, the most
attractive woman I've ever known was
ugly — so ugly x that at first she made
you gasp. After that — well, she was
your criterion of charm. . When you
left her. things became stale and life
less. All the color and sympathy went
from the scene. You simply hungered
for her."
(Copyright. 1003. by T. C. McClure.)
"I don't believe you are thinking of me
at all I" pouted Mis3 AvexilL "I've spoken
If she had spoken all of her thoughts
perhaps she might have added: "So sweet
that at the end ot a month you will want
to kill her, or do something desperate and
outrageous.? But with .:¦ a commendable
self-restraint she banished this unruly
Idea to the dark chamber of unspoken
thoughts.
In the weeks :that followed she effaced
herself, pushing Amy Into Dunham's so
ciety, in every possible way, but doing It
so gradually and skillfully that he scarce
ly realized how little he was seeing of his
friend and comrade. ' If she saw: less of
him, however, she saw more of Jack Les
ter, whose companionship was a grateful
balm, because he was not forever talking
about beauty, however much he may have,
admired it.
At first Balrd haunted the house like a
spirit, while his plans for Miss Averill's
entertainment fairly tumbled over each
other In their eagerness. These plans, of
course, n 1 ways included Barbara, but
with a masterly skill she withdrew from
them more and more, until almost before
Baird realized what had happened, he no
ticed that he and Miss Averill were usu
ally, alone. With Miss Averill's exquisite
profile beside him, however, he was not in
a mood to complain. .
"Then, about the middle of the fourth
week, his soaring spirit suddenly touched
earth. He was guilty of a brutal, hereti
cal : thought. Right in the middle of a
long afternoon that they were to spend
together he was seized by a great weari
ness. For the life of him 'he could, think
of nothing to say. , He was bored! -
He stared at the beautiful Miss Averlll
with a sort of stupid wonder. It seemed
Incredible that the society of so exquisite
a creature should be so uncommonly like
muggy weather.' It seemed an age since
he ' had had a good, bracing ¦ talk with
Barbara.; Now that he thought of It, Bar
bara must be seeing a 7 good deal of that
Le3ter chap.' Vaguely, as if he : had hap
pened them in a dream, he recalled'hav
ing met them together several times
lately.
particularly want you to- meet. She's a
raving beauty and as sweet as she can
be." . • •
In the early days of Colorado the bench
"Scold me some other time, dearest,"
to you. twice and you haven't even heard
mo. It isn't nice of you."
"Eh— what?" exclaimed Dunham, trying
to call his roving thoughts together and
insisting upon hearing the remark he had
Inadvertently missed.
"I asked if you don't Ithlnk the Waldorf
is lovely? I think it's Just sweet."
"Yes," assented he recklessly, "that ex
presses It sweetly. It's just sweet," and
he cast about In his mind for some ex
cuse by which the - hours that stretched
before them might be shortened.' He felt
precisely as he had once In his childhood,
when he had surreptitiously bought and
eaten six charlotte russes.
Miss Averlll confided to Barbara that
night that she didn't like Mr. Dunham so
well as she thought she did.
- "He's so dull! Don't you think so?"
she demanded.
"There have been times when he seemed
so," Barbara confessed airily. Then she
wondered If Balrd's ears were aflame?
Three days later the radiant Miss Aver
ill's visit came to an end. Soon afterward
Dunham dropped in to see Barbara, quits
in his old manner.
"Ah, this Is good," he said gloatingly,
as he sank into the depths of bis favorite
chair. "There's so 'much talk to make
up," he went on In genial enjoyment,
"that I scarcely know where to begin."
Barbara turned her head to one side and
surveyed him with half-closed eyes.
"We might begin with feminine beauty."
she suggested helpfully. "There's' so
much to be said about It."
A pause followed in which several new
Ideas entered Dunham's mind. Then he
demanded, not without a conscious sense
of guilt: *>
"Just what do you mean?**
He leaned forward and studied her face,
and though she flushed under his keen
scrutiny her eyes looked back at , him—
proud,. unwavering and a bit defiant..
"I certainly admire beauty." . he . began
softly. "But I take back what X have
said about falling In love with one. You
see, little girl, I'm so used to you that the
beauties bore me." .
. "Really," "she scoffed, "for a worshiper
of the fair!"
But a. pair of strong arms were about
her and a rueful voice pleaded:
or eight men who became lost in the
snows. They camped and made a com
fortable shelter, but their supply of pro
visions after a few weeks gave out.
Packer, who was the most experienced
hunter in the party, went one day to try
and find a deer.
Returning late in the afternoon without
success, he was met by a German, who
"Boys." said he, "you ought to have
heerd Judge Geary sentence that thar
blank cannibal to-day. I tell you that
he talked meat to him sure. 'John
Packer,' sez the Judge, "you «on of a
blank, stand up. You have bin con
victed by a Jury of your countrymen*
sez he. 'of the highest crime known to
the annals of criminal Jurisprudence*
eez he. "Committed.' sez he. "under cir
cumstances of the most horrible charac
ter, and In defiance.' sez he. 'of the in
terests of the people of Colorado. Why
blankety blank your miserable low down
ornery soul,' sez he, *you not only vio
lated the laws of God and man.' sez he
•but at a time In the history of our
young and risln' commonwealth, when we
was all a doin' all we could, to induce
Eastern emigrants and capital to come
In here, you discouraged capital you
checked emigration, you reduced our vis
ible resources and blistered the reputa
tion of our noble State, by klllln' and
eatin' up what was then a majorltr of
the legal voters oX Guncisoa County.*"
Judge Geary had a friend and admirer,
a sort of barroom Boswell, who made it
his business to chronicle and laud the
acts of his Judicial friend. Packer at his
first trial was sentenced to death, as al
ready-stated, and in the Howlers' Resort
that evening the Judge's admirer stood
up the crowd against the bar, and gave
his version of th» sentence.
Packer was taken to the military hos
pital, and a party was dispatched to the
tcene of the tragedy. Berore their re
turn Packer recovered, and. not being de
tained, was found missing one mornlnj.
A few days later the military party- re
turned. They found the cams, but they
also found evidence that Packer's tale
was not true and that he had undoubt
edly murdered and robbed his companions.
Nine years later Packer was discovered
in a mirJnsr camp in Montana, and was
arrested and returned to Colorado for
trial on a charge of murder. In the
meantime great mineral discoveries had
been made In the mountains, a county
had been created within\whose bounda
ries was Included the scene of Packer's
crime. This county was attached to the
Judicial circuit over which Judges Geary
held sway, and he presided at the great
"Cannibal trial," as it was called. Packer
was convicted and sentenced to death,
but through some defect In the proceed
ing a new trial was granted, and on his
second conviction he was sentenced to
the penitentiary for life.
was a member of the party. Thi Ocrmaa
was flourishing a hatchet red with blood,
and. pointing to the bodies of the oth*r
members of the party, proposed to add
Packer to the list of his victim*. Packs*
finding that he had to deal with a deter
mined lunatic, and teeing no othsr way
was open, and, acting la self-defense, shot
and killed his assailant. Packer admitted
that for tha remainder of the winter h«
had subsisted upon the bodies of his com
panions.
of one of her circuits was presided over
by an ideal* frontier jurist named Geary.
No squarer man ' or " clearer-headed law
yer ev«r graced the ermine.
Before Leadvllle was. discovered, and
before the Denver and Rio Grande Rail
road Company had swung Its aerial road
bed with steel bars to the side of the
Grand Canyon of the Arkansas, and while
fendant Is discharged."
And Janes looked up and remarked, "I
suppose. Judge. I kin now go back to my
work in Strawberry Valley and not be
bothered any more with this foolishness?"
And Judge Mesick replied, "Yes, I sup
pose that you can."
all that section of Colorado was unoccu
pied by man, a party of emigrants w s ere
snowed in near the summit of the moun
tain. , There came Into the military reser
vation nearest to. this snowbound section
one day in early spring a man who called
himself John Packer. Ho told a horrible
story. He said that early In the preced
ing winter he was one of a party of seven
Then the District Attorney moved to
amend the Judgment, but Judge. Mesick
shook his head. "This Judgment," said
he. "was pronounced by the Judge of the
Territorial Court, and that court Is no
longer in existence. There Is grave
doubt whether the Judgment of a court
can In a case of this kind be amended
after the expiration of the term during
which It was rendered, and certainly It
cannot be amended after the expiration of
the court as well as the term. The de-
And there the Clerk's journal ceased.
It was not Etated whether the prisoner
would be hung by his neck or by his
heels, or by the strap of his pantaloons,
nor was It prescribed that the hanging
should continue until the death of the
culprit.
Governor, Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court and Attorney General, and that as
the pardon of Nye was not made opera
tive until the State Government was in
operation it was Invalid.
Third— That the prisoner was Illegally
In the custody of the Warden of the State
penitentiary; that the Sheriff of Storey
County was entitled to him and to. his
charge he was remitted to execute the
original sentence of death.
As the day lixrd in the original Judg
ment for the execution of Janes had
passed it was necessary to have a re
sentence, and application was made to
Judge Merick of the District Court. He
called for the record of the original Judg
ment. That record read as follows:
"That on (such a day) you be taken to
the place of execution Q|id there hung—"
In half an hour a notary appeared with
a complaint which had been prepared
for the occasion, averring that the Hornet
Company was the owners and in pos
session, etc This was passed through the
crevice in the door to Peel, who signed
It and Ewore to it as superintendent of
the Hornet Company and handed It back.
It was filed and served within an hour
and before nightfall a force of honest
miners, with picks and pistols, were at
work for the Hornet Mining Company.
The other company could, of course,
have commenced an action In ejectment,
but the suit in equity had precedence
and would have been first tried and so
the case was compromised.
Peel and his party were camped below
town, on their way to Montana, when my
client engaged his "professional" ssr
vices at a contingent fee of JoOQ. lor
which eum Peel agreed to take posses
sion of the Hornet mine and hold it for
twenty-four hours. Mr. Peel declined any
Assistance in his undertaking, avowing
that he could do the job better alone than
with his company. He required an ap
pointment—which was duly made — as su
perintendent of the Hornet Mining Com
pany. Thus equipped he strolled leisure
ly to the tunnel entrance -where the guard
called cut to him: "Here, you can't go
In there; It's agin' the company's orders."
"Not agin' rat." replied Peel, continuing
his walk. "I'm hired to take Dan Bar
low's place on the shift, and I'm, goin*
In to see the boss." The guard hesitated,
but offered no further resistance to
Peel's movements. Arriving at the end
of the tunnel unnoticed. Peel placed his
back acalnst the wall and cried out to
the miners, "Hold on, boys, I have some
thing to read you." Pulling a paper from
his pocket he rapidly read his appoint
ment as superintendent of the Hornet
Company. "Now, boys," said he pleas
antly, "those of you that want to work
for the Hornet Company can go to the
office any time this week and sign the
roll call and when I want you I will let
you know. In the meantime the same pay
you are setting from the jumpers you
can draw from us. Just at present you
can all get out. Hold up your hands, all
of you, and keep them up. Bill Mullen,
don't reach for your gun, unless you are
looking for a Coroner's inquest. Come,
¦tart now; I am sroing- to count twenty,
and then I shall begin ehooting at any
man remaining in this drift. To those
as don't know me I will remark that my
name Is Fanner PeeL One, two, three—"
Before the word twenty was reached the
tunnel was empty, the big plank door
closed and barred' and a email blue flag,
the signal that Peel held the mine, flut
tered from a crevice In the door.
"Farmer" Peel was a chivalrous desper
ado of the period. He had eliminated
several rival "bad men" from the scene
cf human activities, but In doing so had
always kept the law on his side. To give
the other man the first shot was an act
not unattended with immediate danger,
but It was Peel's unwavering custom, and
proof of his observance of it had always
secured his discharge by t.»e examining
magistrate. There was no Instance oa
record of the other man ever taking a
second shot at Peel, for the latter was
quick and deadly in him aim.
Vet to do this it was essential that the
plaintiff must be isi possession of the «.i:s
pured premise* at the time of instituting
proceeaings. In his complaint he was re
quired to state that he was the owner
and in possession of a certain mine; that
the defendant asserted that it belonged
to him; that defendant's claim was un
founded; that the assertion of it injured
plaintiff; that tii-fendant be required to
come into court and show his pretended
right, and that it then be decreed that
plaintiff was owner, and that defendant
hau no rights If the plaintiff was unable
to allege that ht was in possession, he
was cum:>elled to btgin an action in
ejectment, ar.d that meant a jury and
large disbursements.
My clitnt was the owner of the Hornet
mine, situated near Belmont, a mountain
In Eastern Nevada, but possession of the
property was held by a party of jumpers
and the initiatory problem was to obtain
possession so as to be able to institute
an action to quiet title. The work done
upon the mine was by a tunnel, which
had been driven in upon the ledge, about
SOU feet. Entrance to the tunnel was pro
tected by a heavy plank door, which was
Always closed and bolted when men were
not at work. There were two shifts of
tight men, each employed at dihiercnt
places in the tunnel.
After the adoption of the State Govern
ment the Judges were — as a rule to which
there were exceptions— honest, while Ju
ries, often composed of nomads and ad
venturers, were sometimes willing to ba
bribed, and it was therefore an object to
an lntencing litig-ar.t. If he had the rijht
eide of th« case, to bring his action In
equity.
(Copyright. 1903, by Thomas Fitch.)
fT\ HERE were In Nevada In 1S57 two
I methods of determining 1 tltlo to
I mining claims. One by ejectment,
I In which the action being at law
litigants were entitled to a trial by
Jury. The other by a suit to quiet title,
in which — the action being: in equity— the
case was tried by the Judge sitting as a
chancellor.
THE SUNDAY CALIj.
14
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECT
IONS OF THOMAS FITCH.He was in the cell about an hour and his heart felt keen despair.
Where the only one he cared to sec was his friend, old Billy. Mole.
And he thought that ne'er again should he breathe the wholesome air.
But when his heart was heaviest, he saw a little hole. .
And through it in the dead of night he quietly, cautiously stole.
He ran back to the market place, but alas! to his surprise
He could not see one friend of old with all his many eyes.
"There's nothing left for me to do," he thought in deepest pain,
"But to wander back to the dear old patch and start to grow again."
He trudged away to his garden home and crept into his hole
Who took him to a beautiful house built on the Queen Anne plan.
He was placed in a dish of china which contained the richest cream
And was told that he'd be eaten up, which he thought was very mean.
A great big man with a great big mouth took up a silver spoon
And poor Berry, all a-tfembling, thought he aaw hia hour of doom,
But when the heartless man smacked hia lips and flashed his eyes.
Little Berry fleetly dashed away, to the big man's- great surprise.
He jumped to the floor from the table high and scampered at hot pace
Not resting till he'd gone a mile from the man's fine Queen Anne place.
0
Old Crookneck Squash, the well beloved, was taken prisoner, too.
And he had a very difficult time to escape a vegetable stew.
Old Onion was hard pounced upon, but because of his wondrous strength
Many a policeman big and strong was quickly stretched at length.
But in all the great excitement General Pippin kept his head
And sent to the King a message, which after this fashion read:
"Most worthy and beloved sire, your subjects far away
Have very properly remembered this great and glorious day;
And everybody, big and small, sends greetings from bis heart
And wishes you, O mighty sire, of joy the lion's part.
Give our love to the gracious Queen, to you by heaven sent,
And believe me to be— the Committee, Mr. General Pippin, Gent"
Little. Willie Straw Berry almost lost his precious life,
And 'twas only by diplomacy. that he got back to bis wife.
When the market place was raided he 'was captured by a man
TBS BlU JS DAY CAXjE*.
15
N a bright and cheerful morning it flashed through Pars
'mfSS <^ jat ***• day waa an «nniversary of the start of Purr.p
80 the slender yellow fellow sent broadcast o'er the land
An order that all patriots celebrate in manner grand.
Parsnip waa one of many who had explored to distant parts,
And be knew that love for the far-off King was in all subjects' hearts.
"W« are miles and miles away," he said to Radish -red,
"But we oust honor as we should our royal sovereign head.
Well gather in the market place and let bur voices ring
In praise of our great commander— our good and glorious King.
Well send a cheerful message to the monarch and his Queen
.And wish for each a ripe old age and joy and bliss supreme."
All the subject* that had left their beloved father isle
And tonnaled their way under the sea for many and many a mile
Soon received official word that a celebration great
Would be held in the biggest market place of all the foreign state.
Willie Straw Berry left the sands on which he'd staked his claim
And hastened to the meeting place with all his might and main.
The well-beloved Crooknecked Squash and the tanned-cheek Bartlett Pear
Drove for miles in a Jaunty cart, leaving behind all care.
The brothers Rutabaga made the cart in which they came,
And m bufldera of fine vehicles the Rutabagas had great fame,
Bartlett Pear was the expert driver and he drove at lightning speed, '.
And all the time be well controlled each fractious hobby steed.
Pat Potato dropped his hod and donned his suit of green
And soon waa at the meeting place with his rich Hibernian mien.
From Michigan chubby Eggplant came in a sturdy little craft,
Spending most of bis time on the water, blue fishing fore and aft.
Old Uncle Turnip, proud and glad in his red-topped boots so trim.
Traveled to the meeting place with Pickle tall and slim.
When the hour appointed was at hand loyal subjects by the host '
Were present at the market place, their good King's health to toast,
The Very Honorable Grandpa Prune was master of the day
And in speaking from the platform, he started out this ways
"Subjects of our glorious King, it is our pleasure keen
To lift our voices this bright day for our monarch and his Queen.
I propose that every one hereat now give three mighty cheers */V, '
For the beloved sovereign whom we've loved these many, many years.*
Ho sooner had old Grandpa stopped than the quiet, peaceful air
Was filled with joyous noises for the King and his Queen so fair.
It seems that in arranging for the celebration great
The securing of a license was forgotten till too late.
A crowd of big policemen in suits of natty blue
Swept down upon the happy hosts and caused an awful stew.
Pat Potato was arrested for disturbing the common peace
And was taken to the county jail by the angry, haughty police.
In Whichi pra^Mjrs^^|Sff£i2
versary ; of ;| Merry liiiig> ;
PumpKi'ii^i I^ei|£n Is!
¦ Wild^ceiies^v--- " Sg ;
THE WONDERFUL KINGDOM
WONDERFUL THINGSTHB BXTISTDAY CALL;
These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which yo* may. select 11 you solrs all the pua
eles correctly: Treasure , Island, by Stevenson ; Two Years Bef ors ; the , Mast, 1 by Dana ; Samantha at
Saratoga, by Holley; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; A Christmas Carol, by Dickens; A Dog of
Flanders, by Ouida; Gulliver's Travels, by Swift; The Mapio Nuts, by Moles worth; The Littl* Lam*
Prince, by Mulock; The Blithedale: Romance, by Hawthorne; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Uncle Tom's
Cabin, by Harriet Beecher Stowe; Through the Lookirg-glasi and What Aiics Found There, by Carroll;
Vio—The Autobiography, of a Fox Terrier/by Marsh; Rip Van Winkler by Irving^Rab' and HisFriends,
by Brown; The Courtship of Miles Standish, by Longfellow; .The Adventures of a Brownie, by Uulock|
Black . Beauty, by Sewell, . and Lad die and Miss Toosey 's Mission.
. OR A BOX OP SUPERFINE FRENCH PAINTS.
Find the name of nine different things pertaining to modern farming represented by ths s»w%>t|
Puzzle Pictures on this page; and Trftte^itWt lii'fullin the space opposite the propeT corresponding num
ber provided for the purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill in the coupon with your
name and address and tha prize you desire— if you win— and send the picture, with the' coupon attached,
to the EDITOR OFfTHE NAME; PUZZLE JPAGE^ Sunday Call, Ban Francisco, CaL • * .
REMEMBER— To ttflPIEST^srm^ BOYS / f AND GIBXS who solvs %ths Nine. Htmt Puzzles
correctly, one of these SIXTY BE AUTIFtTL PRIZES, will be awarded. . ' ."?
And don't forget this next point/ fbentutT it is^rery important: ALL ANSWERS MUST BEACH
THIS, OFFICE BY; FRIDAY:!NOON.rTbli;gives all tLose in th«*country an equal chance to compete
Read everything on this page, to.be surV' that you overlook nothing that willhelp you to win a priss. *
THE NAMES OF TEE EUCSY "^^NNERS WILL '.BS PXTBLISHED IN THE tt at.t,
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, 1 November 1. * - » V : * . -¦.." v "- —
FICTXTBES! Pictures! j Pictures! JWhy, Children, you never saw anything like it. Ttiere is not the
slightest doubt that the NEfW.^HONORABY GALLERY OF PRIZE WINNERS is the most popu
lar feature of the entire series of name puzzles. The pictures are-coming in from* every quarter »of
the globe, big pictures, little pictures/ every sort -of picture. If "< you could only, see them as the
mail man delivers them, you would .realizejwhat those 'Sixty Prizes mean to the Sixty Clever Prize-;"Wln- '"*
ners every week. Why they are all delighted with the new department/; and with very good reason. It is
certainly, something to be very. proud of, to have won one of those beautiful books or a- box of imported
French Paints. Just keep your eye;on this page in the future. .Very soon'you will see it fairly coyer- .
ed with prize winners. ; ;Best of all—mayb^ you will be one of them. Won't that be Jolly?;':
So remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win a prize, but to get your picture pub- , .
liahed as welL The Puzzle Editor wants fall/ prize /.winners, from now onto send in their pictures— the
whole sixty every week if possible, y Begin right now. Don't wait The' mor«)the merrier. There cant b% ¦
too many. But remember only the prize 1 winn*m can have their pictures published.
Each of the Nine pictures in this, the seventh contest of the FIFTH SERIES of Name Puzzles, r«p- '
reseats something^ eeen on a f arm. Can you guessP Ahl There Is- rich ra-ward for you if you can,
Now is your chance. ! Remember there will b« a SPECIAL §5 and prize fox the highest percent
aft of the whole thirteen weeks/of the Fifth Series.
And now listen carefully: THERE ARE SIXTY PRIZES, and this is what you' must do t» wi»
cue of them! \ ¦ \J"' ' "*>:?!?¦. . ¦ J
street, San Francisco; Adeline Cofer,
Bedding; Gwen Clark, Orland; Louis
Bled, 305 Sutter street, San Francis
co; . Dorothy Hale, 19 0 9 Stockton
street, San • Francisco; Lulu Craig,
233 Sanchez street, San Francisco;
THESE are the names of the
sixty lucky children who won
prizes in the puzzle contest—
the Names of Famous Generals
—published, in? The » Sunday Call of
September 27:
Mabel Houston, Bound Mountain;
Sthal McAllister* 0486 Jackson
aiarwt, Ban Franeisooj lOldred Cur
tis, 918 Ellis street, San Francisco;
Lowell Entler, Los Angeles; Lenoxa
Fields, Playter block, Oakland} Bos
ale McFarlana, Sebastopol; darenoe
Do^e, Lodij Jack \ Neall, 602 Bast
Twenty-Hrst street,' Oakland) Blanche
Lindner, 1018 Ellis street, San Fran
cisco; George Nichols, Irvington;
p^i r >«;»« Woodbridge; \ S.' H.
Pellasclo, Valley Ford; Harold Fish,
Alameda; . Daniel .Turner, Irvington;
Edward Hulbert, 2810 K street, Sao
ramento; Ous ¦ Bennerscheid, Vallejo;
Bert Xteugnerty/;: .501
avenue, San Francisco; Gladys Van
Dyke, B street) Haywards; Marion
Souther, 525 E street, Ban Francisco;
Belle Hopkins, Bitterwater,' CaL; H.
N e vl m a r k, "Lob Angeles; Vera
Dougherty, 587 Lombard street, San
Francisco; Gus Martin, Bitterwater,
CaL; Kenneth Pyle, Gilxoy; Russell
Fettingill, Eureka; John Doud, Ben
Lomond; Stewart Bostwick, Eastland;
Arthur Poulin, 920 Harrison street,
- San Francisco; W.\ Cotter, 627 Market
Hanlotn Crump, 141 Hancock street,
Baa Francisco; George Spalding; 017
Van IT ess avenue, San Francisco;
Ethel Scott, 4156 Twentieth street,
Ban Francisco; Will Bryan, 3830 Sac
ramento street, San Francisco; Ca
milla Hediger, Stockton; Homer Han
som, Puxissima; Violet Starch, Stock
ton; Effle Squire, 1281 Waller street,
San Francisco; Lula Bacon, Sonoma;
Harry Blatchly, 1001 Pine street, San
gran cisco; Helen Harvey, Bedding;
Louisa Hlgel, Vail e Jo; Lenora Curry,
Stockton; Janie Feirano, Irvine; Ir
ving Martin, Stockton; Edith Sperry,
Stockton; M. D. Green, Chenery and
Diamond streets, San Francisco; Hen
ry Turk, 9 15 Bryant street, San
Francisco; Susie Hooper, 251 San
Carlos avenue, San Francisco; Irene
Hoge, 1138 Ellis street, San Fran
cisco; Xatherino Campbell, 727 Caro
lina street, Vallejo; Andrew Camp
bell, 727 Carolina street, Vallejo;
Hazel McEvoy, Menlo Park; D. Be
gan, 318 Fremont street:; San Fran
cisco; Olive Reid, San. Jose; Donald
Georgeson, Eureka.
These PTctui-ei Rep^sen^WrierDiFton* "Whs* Pe**-
SEND : IN YOUR PICTURES
16
NAME PUZZLES
. clve the Puzzles,
i ill Cut the Coupon
tna fcend It to
.ic iuiz.e Lditor,
LiiDcay Call, S. F.
Xc Fuzz.le Editor, Sunday Call,
Can Francisco:-
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine Different
Things Seen on a Farm.
1 ....,..,,«,.,......••'••••••••
fi .............................
3 • ".*•••••
4
& : -
e 1
* •
6
October 11, 1003.
Sam* ........ M
Street crP. O. w .
City ... M .
State 1 •....
If X win Z choose for prise
SIXTY GLEVER CHILDREN WHO GUESSED THE FAMOUS GENERALSSunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CAIili.THE SUNDAY CALL;THE SUNDAY CALL.'^DEVELOPMENTS in the Far East situation indicate Russia's intention to hold to the
JLJ Manchurian territory now occupied by her troops and to obtain a substantial foothold in
Korea, regardless of the attitude of the , Japanese Government. It is becoming more ap
parent day by day that the Czar's ministry is continuing conferences and negotiations with the
Japanese Government only with the object of gaining time while war preparations are carried
forward energetically. An official high in Russian Government circles has said that the inev
itable outbreak is likely to come within a few weeks. Russian soldiers and engineers are contin
uing the work of intrenching and fortifying the Manchurian posts which, on the Czar's pledge,
were to have been evacuated on October 8.
RUSSIAN ENGINEERS ARE SPEEDING WORK OF FORTIFICATION
WHILE CZAR'S DIPLOMATS COMFER AT TOKIO TO GAIN TIME
Continued on Page 22, Column &'
LONDON. Oct. 10.— A dispatch to a
news agency from^VIenna says it is of
ficially announced there that the Czar
has abandoned his proposed visit to Rome.
PARIS,. Oct. 10.— L« Petit Parisian-'s
correspondent explains that a. fear, that
tbe Zanardcnelli Cabinet Would not be
able. to guarantee the safety of Emperor
Nicholas is -responsible for his abandon
ment of his- proposed visit to Rome. '
CZAR NICHOLAS ABANDONS
PROPOSED VISIT TO ROME
Fear That Italian Cabinet Could Not
Guarantee His Safety the
Cause.
Continued on Page 22, Column 2.
PASSAIC. N. Y.. Oct. lO.-DuttonvIlIe.
near here, was one cf the worst suffer
ers by the flood of yesterday, but eo far
s.s known there was no loss of life.. Over
ir«0 houses were swept away and many
of them were wrecked by the immense
volume of- water which htd gathered
above the Erie Railroad. The flood poured
down into Duttonville. carrying every
thing before it. So far as can be learned
'¦*£'.• om reliable sources there was no loss
of life, and that* is considered miraculous.
, The village of Wallington. a suburb of
Property Losses.
Villages Near Passaic Suffer Heavy
HOUSES SWEPT AWAY.
Illumination Is Reflected From the
Clouds One Hundred and Fifty
Miles Away.
HONOLULU. Oct. 10. -The' volcano of
Maima Loa continues i.n a state of erup
tion. Owing to the inaccessibility of the
region, whichjs at an elevation of 13.900
feet, reports conflict as to whether there
is a flow of lava, but agree that the il
lumination is visibly reflected from the
clouds 130 miles away.
One reocrt^«ays three streams of lava
which started from the crater have
merged into one lower down the moun
tain. An excursion steamer loaded with
sightseers has left Honolulu and explor
ing parties have gone out from Hllo.
MAUNA LOA CONTINUES
IN STATE OF ERUPTION
Three houses are flooded by the over
flowing of the banks of the Delaware.
The Navesink Light and Power Com
pany's dam. upon which Port Jervls and
Middleton depended for light and power,
pave way and carried out part of the
building: and machinery.
£-. PORT JERVIS. N. Y., Oct. 10. - Two
men, whose names have not yet been as
certained, were drowned to-day, when the
«jSl-foot suspension bridge across the
Delaware River connecting Port Jervls
'. s.nd yatamoras, Pa., collapsed and was
carried away by the worst flood ever
ksiown on the Delaware River. Of three
men who were swept away with the bridse
one, Theodore Durant, who is a cripple,
paved himself by holding to a portion of
the bridge until rescued, after drifting a
mile.
Two Men Are DnfWned at Port Jer
vis, N. Y.
SUSPENSION BRIDGE . FALLS.
that when the final analysis of the assets
of the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany is made it will be found - that the
various shipyards are not worth much
from a debtor's standpoint, but that the
Bethlehem steel plant is a mint.
Besides attacking Dresser again, it Is
said that In the hearings before the spe
cial United States examiner next week an
attempt will be made to show that John
W. Young, who originally conceived the
idea of combining all American shipbuild
ing plants, is the culpable person.
J. P. Morgan & Co. are not considered
by the receiver or his counsel as among
those against whom they have a griev
ance. Morgan & Co. may be able to show
that services of adequate value were
given for the securities received. Samuel
Untermyer, senior counsel for the com
plainants, said to-day:
"We have no reason to believe that
Morgan & Co. knew of the existence of
the Harris-Gates selling agreement, nor
does that in the least concern us In this
case. It is not for a moment suggested
that Morgan & Co. had any knowledge
of or connection with any part of this
Tired of the stories that he is dodging a
subpena server, Schwab will receive ser
vice of the papers in the case now before
Henry D. Oliphant, special examiner. He
has not answered the letters asking when
It would be convenient for him to ac
knowledge service, the first of which was
eent to him as long ago as September 23,
but ho has let It be known through a
close friend that he would not dodge the
process servers as soon as It was possible
to leave Mrs. Schwab, who has been ill.
He desires to Inspect the various proper
ties of the Steel Corporation, too, and it
is known that his testimony is not want
ed In the suit now pending until the testi
mony of Lewis Nixon, John W. Young
and James Duane Livingston has been
taken. But very shortly Schwab will re
turn to this city, and then he will go on
the witness stand and under oath tell his
side of the whole affair, according to the
information vouchsafed by his friend.
It Is known that the Bethlehem steel
plant has been Improved In various ways
recently. It Is expected by the litigants
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Following the
fusillade of field pieces brgun last week
in the shipbuilding fight, heavy artillery
is to be brought Into play at once.
night It was announced on the highest
authority that the severest possible as
sault is to be made upon Charles M.
Schwab. A receiver for his Immensely
valuable Bethlehem steel plant, which is
earning 52,000,000 a year profits, will be
asked for. Schwab Is to be sued to cancel
his $10,000,000 second mortgage on all the
shipyards; also to cancel his mortgage
on the Bethlehem steel plant and to re
cover $20,003,000 of stock liabilities.
This bomb is to be exploded when the
preliminary report of Receiver Smith Is
filed next week.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Y PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 1L— The life sav
ing station at Towr.sends Inlet, N. J., re
r>cris that the Townsends Inlet lighthouse
rvas undermined by the high seas this
morning end is breaking up.
The storm along the coast prevails with
the same fury as was reported yesterday,
sni has apparently not moved from the
territory affected by it during the past
two day?.
P Propei ty hs* been damaged to the ex
•.e:it of thousands of dollars in this city
and vicinity. Scores of buildings were
f ooded and washouts reported on nearly
all railroads. Both the Delaware and
Schuylkill rivers are swollen far above
Tiormai, the latter stream causing serious
damage to mill property along Its banks.
It is estimated that €000 textile workers
are idle in Manayet because of the flood.
Late this afternoon the Delaware River
rose above the docks and piers and flooJ-
Od Delaware avenue, which runs alons
the river front for a distance of ten
blocks. Thousands of dollars' worth of
perishable freight was destroyed or dam
aged.
Pocks and Piers at Philadelphia
Under Water.
LIGHTHOUSE UNDERMINED.
PATEKSON, N. J.. Oct. 10.— The situa
tion to-night if very grave. The water
at Garfleld avenue Is higher by fifty
Inches than the point reached in 1302.
The (Jtssage to the city 5s estimated to
amount to over t2.CO0.O00. Crowds of pen
are guarding the gatehouse at the mill
race and at the first Intimation that the
g-ate will break away at Spruce street the
gatehouse will be blown up with dyna
mite to ea turn the water Into the
chajsa of tne Passaic Falls. People are
expecting it to go at any minute and a
gun has been f.red as a signal of extreme
danger. The dam expected to collapse
is the great Dundee. Should this give
¦a ay it is feared that there will be a repe
tition of the Johnstown disaster. The
bridges Ja the city are giving- way one
by one. causing a panic among tho peo
ple- Already to-night five bridges have
sone down under the strain of the weight
from the torrent. They are the Stralght
firect bridge. Hillinan. Market. Moffatt
r.r.d Broadway bridges.
At 10 o % cJock to-night th» water Is
Tvithin three inches of the bcll«r la the
Kdlrcn Electric Light Works. The bridge
of ihe company is washed away. The
large bridge used by the Susquehanna
Itailroad is weakened. The company
abandoned running trains over It to-night.
Passengers are transferred to the other
fide of the bridge. The women are car
ried over by the employes.
A three-story house at Athenia, three
miles frcra here, was washed away. There
¦tvere eighteen persons In the building, who
were rescued with difficulty In boats.
Five Bridges Give Way
Under the Strain of the
Torrent's Weight.
Effort to Be Made to Recover
$20,000,000 of Stock
Liabilities.
People Fear Repetition
of the Johnstown
Disaster.
Will Ask for Receiver
for the Bethlehem
Plant.
Shipyards Trust's
Investors Plan
Revenge.
Floods Mounting
Higher and
Higher.
CATASTROPHE
IS IMPENDING
AT PATERSON
ONSLAUGHT
ON SCHWAB
IN COURTS
: CE.DAB iRAPlDS.-Iowa, Oct. 10,'^Mrs. A.
j; Smettena*. ¦ wife of the nijrh 1 1 jailer *ln
police ¦ htadquarters.* hanged i her. one-year
old '¦ dauzhterv and ( herself last . night. •;• Iij
kanity'caused by 'Ul-h'calth was the cause.
". Han gs Child ". and ; Herself.
BERLIN. Oct. 10.— The Cologne Ga
zette to-day published a dispatch from
St. Petersburg as follows: "Russia Is
not disinclined to accept the modus vi
vendl in the Korean question, but tf much
pressure Is brought into ' the controversy
Will Not Yield Her Claims to Par
Eastern Territory.
RUSSIA PREFERS WAR.
' They" have ' three sites in view, one on
the Colorado' River, which would Irrigate
arid portions' of Arizona/ and Southern
California ; another on" Kings River, • which
.would ; bring wa ,ter • upon"; a -vast section
of the San. ;Joaquin Valley, and. another
at^ Clear/ Lake, .. which would; cause : hun
dreds of .thousands of acres in Colusa,
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 10.— If the Na
tional Government can make satisfactory
terms with vested rights it appears cer
tain that Northern California will' secure
one of the great irrigation v.-ork3 proposed
by the Newlands act, and within the next
year contracts will bo let involving an ex
penditure of 55,000,000 or JS,COO,000.
'The Federal Government is anxious to
establish irrigation works on this coast
without- delay, and' five -members of the
engineering 'corps have been In the field
tor the purpose of selecting 1 a site. Two
of the engineers, S. H. N. Savage and
Morris Bjen, .have^ returned^ from Clear
Lake, Lake County, with W. S/.Mellck,
secretary of .the State : Board, of . Examin
ers, and have acauainted Governor Par
dee with. their. plans.
Special Dispatch to The Call
INDIANAPOLIS,; Oct. 10.— The strike of
miners in Vthe district; composed 'of Colo T
ratio. New. Mexico and Utah ordered yes
terday by: the executive board of tho
United Mine : Workers of ; America will
bring on- the 'first real contest between
the National Employers* Association and
organized labor. ' In- this test of strength
the employers' organization ¦ will have a
51.000,000 defense fund ami power to in
crease It to $3,000^000 if the expenses of the
strike demand it: ; '."-¦ r " •
Officers' of = the Colorado: Fuel: and. Iron
Company and • the t Victor: Fuel. Company,
against which the strike has been ordered,
are . engaged : in : a > many.; sided business,
and as smelters and .manufacturers - are
members of , the - National \Assoclatiotf of
Manufacturers: /Much of the stock of.; the
two "companies "is .helddn -the East, '-and
the manufacturers who ;hold It and. are
Interested sin the two, companies are mem
bers of the Manufacturers' Association
also! ' ;•¦*?. ' :'.¦•• < ¦ '¦' ~. .-I ':.£'.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Craig and Stephens of Woodland - have
water^rights at Clear Lake In conjunction
with -a' great private Irrigation < project
which promises V them rich , returns ulti
mately, and. the: engineers have called
upon them to name a price to the Gov
ernment for surrendering those rights.
This is the only, obstacle ".hat appears to
prevent the adoption of the Clear Lake
proposition, and it Is an obstacle that Is
not present - with reference 'to the Colo
rado River, and, Kings River sites, where
title" may easily be secured. But the con
ditions in Northern California are de
clared to-be ideal, and it Is thought the
Clear Lake plan offers. the best opportu
nity. *• The engineers ' have * Inspected th«
Putah Creek water site and believe It wiil
afford ; storage -'for a' great quantity of
water for the proposed irrigation system.
The engineers are enthusiastic over the
Clear Lake proposition and declare they
have never seen a territory- of- such wide
extent with such possibilities for cultiva
tion as that which would be reached by
an Irrigation system centered at Clear
Lake. The lake surface spreads over '40.-
C00 acres of land. By an irrigation dam
five or six feet high at the head of Cache
Creek the water in the lake would rise to
the extent of 250.000 acre feet and. enough
water could be* carried therefrom. by main
ditches .running, through the. various
counties to irrigate more . than 230,000
acres. .
Glenn, Yolo and Sacramento counties to
blossom as the rose. .
A petition signed by 40,000 members of
the : Antl-F.ussian Union protesting
against the Russian action In Manchuria
and Korea has been presented to the Pre
mier.
idly. Baron de Rosen, the Russian
Minister, has not replied to Foreign Min
ister Komura's suggestion that Russia
reconsider her views, which are at va
riance with Japan's. - Minister Komura
and Premier Katsura to-day had a Ions
conference with the Ministers of "War
and the Navy. Komura also visited ths
Marquis Yamagata, chief of the Council
of Field Marshals, causing the suggestion
In some auarters that the crisis Is com
ing to a head.
rOKOHAMA. Oct. 10.— The Ruaso-
Japanese negotiations at Tokto do
not appear. ta be progressing rap-
Western Miners to
Bev Given a ;
Battle;
Northern Califor
nia May Have
Reservoir.
MAP OF THE DISTURBED AREA IN THE FAR EAST, SCENES IN KO
RL V A AND THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT'S REPRESENTATIVE IN
THE UNITED STATES CAPITAL.
GOVERNMENT
MAKES HASTE
TO IRRIGATE
ANTI-STRIKE
FUND TOTALS
MILLIONS
About 700 refugees arrived yesterday 'at
Pastrl, near Rila,' from Razlog. It is esti
mated that 20,000 refugees are" now in Bul
garia. - • .... , '•;. ;
CONSTANTINOPLE. OcL 10.— General
,G. B. . Williams, , representing the .Cramp
Shipbuilding?, Company of Philadelphia;
has arrived here - to arrange^ for - the:de
livery of. the Turkish cruisers which , the
Cramps are building for "the • Ottoman'
Government , " . .1. V.*/ "*
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 10.— The War Of
fice to-day ordered the complete mobiiza
tion of the first and second .classes of re
serves in the Korstendil district and of
the Thirteenth Macedonian Infantry. This
step, It is urged, was taken' as a precau
tionary measure, in view of the repeated
provocative acts on the Turkish frontier:.
The War Office also has ordered 20,000
overcoats for delivery on December 1,
and has decided, in view of the situation,'
not to send home anyiOf the reserves for
the present. ' ".
The Dnevnlk says the authorities are
surprised and concerned at the frequent
aggressions of the Turkish troops along
the frontier. The Bulgarian Ministry has
formally complained to the TurMsh. Gov
ernment on the subject and has .pointed
out the deplorable results which such"
conduct must have on the relations .be
tween the two Governments at ja moment
when delicate negotiations are proceed
ing. ,.."
The insurgents, when they became aware
of the presence of the troops, began to
roll huge boulders down the * mountain
side, killing four and wounding three of
their besiegers. The Turks maintained a
steady fire as the proceeded upward.
After a desperate conflict had been car
ried on several hours another • Turkish
detachment reached the crest of the ridge.
The Bulgarians were thus p:aced between
two fires. They rushed the • Turks, who
¦were clinging to the rocks on the moun
tain side, and forced them to fall back to
the less precipitous slopes of the-moun
tains, but lost sixty-five killed and a num
ber wounded in doing, so. The remainder
of the band escaped," but' to-day surren
dered, and 'were granted amnesty.
USKUB, European Turkey, Oct. 10.—
Official dispatches regarding the- recent
engagement between Turkish troops and
Insurgents at Kalmakchalan state that
100 lnsurcents were killed, including four
chiefs. A band of thirty revolutionaries
was destroyed near Vevrokop on Wednss
day.
MONASTIR, European Turkey, Oct. 10.
The military operations in the western
part of Monaslir vilayet are nearly fin
ished. The last remaining band in this
district was annihilated on October 6
after a desperate fight. The band, which
numbered ninety-three members, was
found by the Turks lurking in the moun
tains of Peristeri.
Orders the Mobili
zation of Large
Force.
BULGARIA
CALLS OUT
RESERVES
Japanese Premier Makes a Significant Visit to the
Ministers of War and the Navy.
The San Francisco Call
Pag&2£;to 32,
Pages.2Ito32
VOLUME . XppT^-NO. 133.
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY; OCTOBER 3 1, 1903— FORTY-EIGHT PAGES.
PRICE FJCVB CENTS.Pressman's Hand Mangled.
William Doran. a pressman employed
by the Examiner, had his hand badly
mangled by the press machinery last
night. Ho was removed to the Emergency
Hospital.
Letters were also introduced written by
Lloyd shortly before his death and after
the expose, asking Mrs. Skain-Lloyd to
make affidavit that she never said that
she was married to Lloyd or that she had
any papers to prove It. After the reading
of the letters the case was continued un
til next Monday.
OAKLAND. Oct. 10.— Frederick LJoyd,
who is contesting the will of his father.
Charles S. Lloyd, took the witness stand
himself to-day and connected as best he
could the testimony of the various wit
nesses who had gone before. He told of
the anger of his father when he attempt
ed to interfere with his alleged practices,
and reviewed generally the story already
told at great length.
The first witness of the day was a wo
man called Mrs. Mary Lloyd, who testi
fied that she was a Miss Skaln and met
Lloyd In Bristol, England, as far back as
1863. She said that she was the mother
and that Lloyd was the father of Mrs.
Elizabeth Nix, who sat In the courtroom.
She followed Lloyd to this country at his
Invitation and has lived In the vicinity of
Oakland while LJoyd has taken to him
self two different wives. She was be
queathed $1000 in Lloyd's will, while Mrs.
Nix was left $5000.
Lloyd Will Contest.
The route, which has been - deflnitely
determlned and along which its rights of
way in most instances have been grant
ed, is as follows:
Beginning at the point terminus at Sunset,
thence northwesterly across section 12 to the
east of the wells of the Lion and Golden West,
and crossing the properties of the Consolidated.
Xew Work, Golden West, Tiger and Sunset
center. The line here turns still more to the
north and crosses the properties of the Fulton
and Marlcopa on ssctlon one, passing between
the two most southerly wells of the Fulton.
Thence the road will run northwest over* the
property of the Superior and east of Its wells,
striking the center line of the northeast quarter
of section 2 at the dividing line between the
properties of the Wallace estate and the United
Crude Oil Company: thence north along this
line to the north Una of section 3, where the
present terminal will be.
The extension of the road for a distance
of about three miles Into the heart of the
Sunset oil fields was Btrongly advocated
some 'our months ago by prominent San
Francisco oil men.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 10.— Within, less
than thirty days the Santa Fe extension
to the Sunset Railroad will ba completed.
Edward T. Flaherty, the right of. way
agent for the Santa Fe Is here, and the
work of securing such additional
of way as have not yet been agreed to
arc to be obtained at once. Mr. Flaherty
expects that it will not take hlrnxmore
than two weeks to complete his labors.
It is announced definitely that not later
than November 1 the dirt will begin to
move along the lino of the extension.
Special Dispatch to TbetalL
Rails Will Be Laid Through
out the Important' Oil*
Region.
New Kern County Ex
tension Line Soon to
Be Completed.
RAILROAD MEN
SPEED THE WORK
ROBERT SMYTH, FAMOUS AS OLD TIME
HORSEMAN, PASSES TO ETERNAL REST
Followed Turf Sports
for Years on the
Coast.
y|-^y OBERT' SMYTH, who in his day
i/JV was one of the most remarkable
KJt^ ¦ horsemen In Ireland, passed
11.^N away In this city yesterday at
the advanced age of 80 years. '
Up to a month ago Mr. Smyth was fresh
and vigorous and enjoyed walking or rid
ing. He gradually declined until th« end
came. ¦ He ' leaves a wife and daughter
and a son, Robert Assheton Smyth, sport-
Ing editor of The Call.
Mr. Smyth was essentially an outdoor
man, knowing, nature as it Js given few
men to know her. He filled but two posi
tions'during a, residence of twenty-seven
years on this'' coast. He' was with ex-
Governor Milton S. Latham, at Menlo
Park until the tetter's death, and- then
entered the employ of Haggin & Tevis at
Stockdale, Kern; County. He retired from
active work eight years ago.
Mr. Smyth was born" at Inch, County
Cork, Ireland, in 1823. l As a schoolboy he
was passionately fond of hunting and was
exceptionally well mounted. He hunted
without intermission until 1866, during
which time the sport reached its highest
development. The peasantry favored It,
and there was no hint of the wire wnlch
In recent years has In a degree ruined
English and Irish hunting.
Mr. Stiyth owned and hunted for many
years at Llsqulnlan House, Castlemartyr,
one of the fastest pack of harriers In
Ireland. They had many famous runs,
one In particular, some twenty miles after
a deer, being famed in song and story.
Among the. packs. with which he hunted
were: ia:*v-£
Lord Fermoy'B foxSounds, Ix>rd Fermoy mas
ter, Traboljran. Whltegute, Cork. Union fox
hounds, Robert Fitzgerald Uniacke master,
Castletown. Kelelgh. These pack* are now
called the United Hunt Mountford Longfleld's
staghounds, Mountford Longfield master, Cnstle
mary, Cloyne. John Webb Roche's harriers,
Rochemount. Whlteg-ate. The Rev. | William
Bowies' foxhounds, the Rev. William Bowlss
master, Springfield, Castlemartyr. I Captain
Rowland's harriers, Captain Rowland master,
Kllbay, Cloyne. Mr. Wakeham's hnrrlers.
Spring Hill, Carigtwohlll. John ! Courtney s
harriers. Ballyedmund. Mlddletown. The fa
mous Duhallows, Lord Doneralle' master at that
period. South Union foxhounds, Thomas
Kncwles master, Oatlands, Klnsale. Edmund
Fltrgerald'B harriers, Clonmult, Mlddletown.
John Smith's harriers, Rathcourcey. Middle
town. Richard Tonson Rye'rf foxhounds of Rye.
court. .
RUSSIAN ENGINEERS.
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
BALTIMORE. Md., Oct. 10.— Several bay
steamers were blown ashore by the severe
northwest hurricane, which prevailed
yesterday and last night, but as far as
Steamers Blown Ashore.
LISBON," Oct: 10.— The Azores Islands
have been visited by a cyclone which dir
great damage • on the \ island of ; Fayal
Several small craft : sank at their moor
insra. * ;". . . - ; • \ ;
Cyclone Visits Azores.
ATLANTIC CITY, N, J., Oct./ 10.-
Beach front property has been damaged
to the extent of thousands of dollars as
the result of a fierce gale which is raging
along the coast. Within one block of the
boardwalk a dozen stores were entirely
or partially wrecked. The storm has
abated somewhat, but the wind is blow
ing a gale. The estimated damage will
rot exceed $75,000.
Beach Property Damaged.
known no serious damage was done. .Th>
corn and tomato crops . were practlcall;
ruined In many sections of the State. '
ROME. Oct. 10.— An American - named
Roosevelt and claiming relationship with
the President of the United States has
arrived here, charged by \ the President.
It is reported, with a confidential mission
to the Vatican. BliSMBigiBgg
Mission to the Vatican.
DENVER, Oct.. 10.— At the executlvt
session of the Council of the Brotherhooc
of Str~ Andrew to-night these officer*
were re-elected as follows: <¦ H. D. W
English, president; Hubert Carlton, gen
eral secretary : Edgar G. Crlswell, secre
tary, and George H. Randall, treasurer.
St. Andrew's Brotherhood Election.
TRENTON. N. J., Oct. lO.-The Penn
sylvania Railroad Company was able to
begin running trains from New York to
Philadelphia this afternoon.' The engines
plowed through water of such v a depth
that the fires had to be rekindled before
the trains could proceed.
There are no trains running between
this city and Camderi, and there will prob
ably not be any until to-morrow.
Pennsylvania Road Sends Engines
Plowing Through Floods..
TRAINS RUNNING AGAIN.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. 10.— Senoi
D. Ayala, the Spanish Minister and urn
plre of the Mexican mixed tribunals, hai
decided to leave Caracas on account o:
attacks by the local press, and last nigh
he handed over the Spanish Legation t<
the Secretary, Senor J. Gil Delgado. Th<
Minister will embark for Spain • on Octo
ber IS.
Spanish Minister Leaves Caracas.
Rain began to fall again to-night, but
not In such volume as to excite serious
alarm in this city.
NEW YORK. Oct. lO.-So far as New-
York City is concerned, the great flood
storm is a thing of the past, with the
exception of the Interruption of suburban
traffic In New Jersey. On many of the
New Jersey steam and trolley lines com
munication la either Interrupted or badly
crippled, and days will probably elapse
before normal conditions are resumed. In
all sections of Greater New York the
floods subsided during the day and urban
traffic is conducted as usual.
Flood Is a Thing of the Past in New
York.
URBAN TRAFFIC RESUMED.
Later Billings came to Meriden and ii
the course of years became a wholesali
grain and feed merchant. Marsh gradu
ated, but nothing was heard of him untl
to-day, when a letter Vas received b:
Billings with a check inclosed to cove"
the amount of the loan with interest
from Marsh, who is now a resident o
Los Angeles, Cal. Marsh says in his let
ter that he Is now a stenographer, in th<
employ of the district Judge and evei
since his graduation has been savlni
money to settle with his benefactor.
MERIDEN. Conn., Oct lO.-Twent;
years ago Elmer Marsh borrowed som
money from Stephen A. Billings to assis
him in continuing his studies at Wesleyai
University. Billings at that time was i
clerk in a store at Mlddletown. Mars!
was working his way through college
Billings was a friend of his and readll'
agreed to lend him. money/taking n'
security.
Elmer Marsh of Los Angeles Send:
a Check for Principal and
Interest.
PAYS A COLLEGE DEBT
OF TWENTY YEAJRS AGO
PARIS. Oct. 11.— It Is believed in of
flcial circles here that If hostilities an
precipitated between Russia and Japai
the latter will take the first step. Th<
Port Arthur correspondent of the Pari:
edition of the New York Herald denie:
that any force of Japanese has yet land
ed in Korea.
Japanese Have Not Landed.
The last train from' the coast arrived at
Norfolk to-night and brought many refu
gees. They reported a large flve-masted
Bcho'oher in the surf between Virginia
Beach and Cape Henry, and near her a
big passenger steamer was fighting a bat
tle with the northwest gale that was
blowing her toward the breakers. The
wind at the Cape Is over seventy miles
an hour and the surf Is piling over the
sand hills and back Into the mainland.
At the Norfolk Navy Yard, the cruiser
Olympia Is in the drydock with her bot
tom plates removed and fears are felt
for the cruiser's safety.'
Hundreds of small craft have come
ashore in the harbor. Norfolk experi
enced a gale and flooded streets all day. .
NORFOLK, Va.. Oct. lO.-The Virginia
coast, from Cape Henry to Damneck
Mills, twelve miles south. Is strewn with
the wreckage of ill-fated craft to-night.
All communication with the seaboard is
cut off, but It ia known that three ves
sels have been wrecked and several lives
lost. Of the coal barges Ocean Belle and
Georgia nothing Is now left except wreck
age on the shore. Captain George H.
Adams and Seaman Charles Peters of the
Ocean Belle were drowned. The fate of
the Georgia's crew is unknown and but
little hope is held out for their safety.
Both barges were In tow of the tug Rich
mond and the tug is missing.
The three-masted schooner Nellie W.
Howiett, Captain Gheem, lumber laden,
from Pensacola, Is a total wreck on the
coaet three miles from Damneck Mills.
The crew was rescued by the surf guard.
Fear Is Felt for Safety of the Cruiser
Olympia in Drydock.
WRECKS STREW COAST.
this city, was submerged by from six to
twelve feet of water and the Inhabitants
went about in boats to-day. At least 100
houses have been moved from their foun
dations and In some cases they have Toeen
turned completely over. ' '.
Continued From Page 21, Column 1.
EASTERN FLOODS.
The Russian troops In trans-Caspla an
alleged to be embittered in 'consequent
of the manner in which their province 1;
neglected In favor of Manchuria and thi
Pacific coast. . ;-. : r
lie Vienna correspondent of the Time:
has received information from two source:
confirming the reports that Russia 1;
making extensive preparations in view o
the contingency of war with Japan. ' J
well informed personage who was latelj
at St. Petersburg says the Russian mil
itary authorities expect the outbreak o;
hostilities within the next few weeks
The whole trans-Caspian territory as fai
as Samarkand Is seriously crippled as re
gards railway traffic by the large draft!
of men and material for the Far East.-
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The- Times corre
spondent at Tokio says that In reply to
Korea's proposal to open the port of Wlju
instead of Yongampho, -M. Ravloff, Rus
sian Minister, at Seoul,,. objects on the
ground that there were no trade prospects
at Wiju and that the unsettled state of
Manchuria rendered the opening of Wlju
dangerous.
Russian Military Officials Expect
War Within a Few Weeks.
OUTBREAK NOT FAR DISTANT.
by Japan Russia would rather that the
dispute come to war than yield her
claims. A sign that. Russia Is prepared
for the worst Is that the officers' fami
lies who were preparing to go to Port Ar
thur have been requested to defer going
there before* 1904, the ostensible reason
being that the buildings -for their accom
modation are not yet completed. Japan
has brought together masses of troops for
purposes other than mere maneuvers.
THE SAN FEAN CISCO CALL. SUNDAY. OCTOBER 11, 1903.
FAMOUS HORSEMAN AND FOR MANY YEARS ONE. OF THE BEST
KNOWN HUNTSMEN IN IRELAND WHO PASSED AWAY AT HIS
HOME IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY. j/M-V' '• '- V* '•" V- ; : •
22
ADVERTISEMENTS,
\ AN ABSOLUTE^ NECESSITY. A
So Thinks at Least One Traveling
. Han.
I would as toon think of •tartln* out with-
out my mileage books and grip as tTsurt out
en a trip without a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets In my vaJlse, said a traveling man
who represent* a St. Lou'.j hardware house.
¦Why? Because I have to put up at all kinds
of .hotels and boarding-houses. I have to eat
good, bad and Indifferent food at all hours
of th» day and night and I con't bellev« an7
man's stomach will stand that sort of thins
without protest, anyway I know mlna won't.
It haa to hav« something to break th« fall.
and Stuart's . Dyspepsia Tablets Is tha crutch
I fall back on.
" My " friends often "Josh" m» about It. teh
ma I'm an easy mark for patent medtcins
fakers, that advertised medicines ar« humbugs,
etc.. but I notlc* that they are nearly always
complaining of their aches and pains sad poor
digestion, while I can stand most any old klad
of fare and feel good and ready for my work
when It needs me. and I believe I owe my good
digestion and sound health to tha daily, regu-
lar Use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, year la
and year out. and all the "Joshing" In th»
world will never convince me to th» contrary.
I used to have heartburn about three times
a day and • headache about threw or four
times a week and after standing for this for
four cr five years I began to look around for
a crutch and found it when my doctor told m*
the best Investment I could make would be a
50-cent box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and
I have Invested about SO cents a month for
them ever since, and when I stop ta think 'that>
that Is what I spend every day for cigars I feel \
like shaking' hands with myself, for I can keep ¦
my stomach and digestion In first-claas order
for SO cents a month. I don't car* for any
better life. Insurance.
My druggist tells m» they are the moot
popular of all stomach medicines and that they
have maintained their popularity and success
because they do as advertised. They bring re-
sults, and results are what count in patent
medicine as much as In selling barbed wire.
I WILL GIVE $1000
WOMAN'S BREAST IS Wit
A lump or sore oa the lip, face or anywhere
six months is nearly always cancer. 120 pan
- book sent free with testimonials of thousands
cured crhom you can see.
The Dr. S. fi. Cbamley Cancer Care Co.
"Strlotly Reliable" Two lady assistants.
23 and 25 Third St, San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITS CANCEfi
DB. KILlttE&'S SWAMP-BOOT.
ARE YODB KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never
Suspect It*
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to bei considered that only urinary and .-^hbmbWBbW
bladder troubles were to be traced to the kid- .«Bggg5S?g|flalk
revs, but now modern science prove* that near- WT.-ifg^§
ly'&ll diseases have t^elr b^glnninp in the dls- vfiTSTHTgMitgjI^
order of these most Important orgar.?. taK?r«w
The kiCneyp filter and purify the blood— that f£^j=§k Stli
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak or out | 1 H
of order, you can understand bow Quickly your _ * J i jjj ¦ 9
entire body Is affected, and how every III H
orpan seems to fall to do Its duty. I 111 ii
If you are eick or "feel badly,' begin J ' 1 1 'I
taking: the great kidney remedy. Dr. Kil- II I
. user's Swamp- Root, because as soon as m j ' \ Ja
your kidneys are well they will help all 1 B I -. kV •
the other nrg^r.s to health. A trial will v^^/ '/ T\
v(>ak and" unhealthy kidneys are re- >^^%3^LMfcB^|^
5pon?lble for many kinds of diseases, and . .^tsSZlXSf/BSB&KSEBSEm&Bi^
if pormittcd to continue much suffering
¦with fatal results is sure to follow. ffjBgBBSllffifiKMiMHUMSfmnlMB^BBBA '
Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes i/£^Qffm\\ LUlit Mytlillf IBlllHlMggTHiaiBrCl
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and lrrita- iffiR^ yH^lra^nM^nmiiHH
ble. Makes you pay? water often during gllSfUlIf {"'falKt'lsltSaSrJ^iliilSSS^iM
the day ajld" Obliges yOU to gCt Up many fittSBX^mmmLmmmmmmmm^mimimm^mi^f^^
times during: the night. I'nhealthy kid- n|flgi| nn trit nrms WWim '
neys caus* rheumatism, gravel, catarrh I [H;f *»**• ».la..flt.K 7 S BlUa
of »^e hladder, pain or dull ache In the j }K.|I r>TT7 i ''AT* 1\f\f\T ll \a\\m
bacjT Joints and muscles; makes your » I W A Jflr -KUU1 91 i
headache and bark ache, causes lndi- 1 |BB| UUU1 iK H
gestion. Ftomach and liver trouble, you I iMStll Kidney. Liver and Bladder Im'S
t;ot ;t sallow, yellow complexion, makes IrijBt; ¦" flf^wi
>ou f^-el a^ though you had heart trouble; jfwjj CURE. | ™fl
> ou may have plenty of ambition, but no ! ifw j _,_____„_ (Ksm
Mipr-.gth; pr-t weak and waste away. \]\mv D.KetTiuws. f HESel
Th^ cure for these troubles is Dr. Kll- 'Hi! M «y toto ooe - two or three JlMfij
Rirs Swamp-Root, the world-famous '|Hfj te*«poonful» before or £Tterme«a U/Egtn
kidr.f-y remedy. In taking Swamp-Root Sfj aad«t beJt^no. IJImIH
you afford natural help to Nature, for |«f| Children lew according: to «ee. ll fy j5|
Pwamp-Koot is the most perfect healer Ka I UsTcommcncowithBxr.aadoeaj J/W :n
and gentle aid to the kidneys that Is |BI | tad inrrcss* tafulldessormere, B ;H
known to medical science. " jESlU « the r<ue iroulJ s:cm to require. I B|LjH
If there is any doubt in your mind as i[g|g TUf grcxt rcmedj rjre» «!1 ijSjgS
tr> your coi:dltiori, take from your urine 183 il Wdr «r- UTer, bladder and Urio jlmla
en rising about four ounces, place it in a 'S3 II Acii tro:I ' dIel and disorders due HBgln
*rla?s or bottle and let It Ptand twenty- t[M to weak Wdneyg. wch as catarrh f HUM
lour hours. If on examination It Is milky fctfgg of tte b^<5er. kt»tcI. rheuma- fl RjaS
or cloudy, if there Is a brick-dust Fettling, |5EH Uan « »\^«?o »™i Eriffhff vu. 1 g|9
or if small particle* float about in it, your InEJ fjf- w^ ci L ' the wom ronn <>« |j KiS
kidneys are In need of Immediate atten- I If] ki 3 u * 7 diMM «- ifl»l
tlon. I »ll pl«as»at to taie. Jfltwlw
Swamp-Rooty is pleasant to take and Is [HrI I prepared only BY i'St'II
t'5e<i in the leaiinp hospitals, recommend- ]i< Of I! ' ISraljR
ed by physicians In th^lr private practice, j" JS| DR. KILMER &, CO. ffi&Ha
and Is taken by doctors themselves who l'i!<fa RinTunuTnu u «/ CC?lw
have kidney ailments, because they rec- I J H BlhUMAMTON, N. Y. r|9H
opnlze in it the greatest and most sue- iill Sold by all Druzrdsta nlllZ
< f-ssful remedy for kidney, liver and blad- Ii H |» fc | tcftg : M
purchase the reprulax fifty-cent and one H ffl__
dollar size bottles at the drujr stores % psTO^fgK^^^^^ESSiSgS^^ffa
everywhere. Don't make any mistake, IS l/fiil^^^ ' *^^S*' ; H
Viut remember the name, Swamp-Root, H jg-S§£ 5r ' ¦ ~—^5=gs3||gJB
T)r. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad- **M^,ff — !^ — *Vt?; u Jft»i u "w_i. igp^a
dress Bingtoamton, X. Y., on every bot-
tle. . (Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take.)
EDITORIAL NOTE— You may have a sample bottle of this wonderful remedy,
Swamp-Root, sent absolutely free by mall, also a book' tellln? all about Swamp-
Root, and containing- many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women who owe their good health. In fact their very
lives, to the treat curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writing to Dr. Kilmer
ft Co., Blnirhamton, N. Y. f be sure to say you read this generous offer in The San
Francisco Sunday CalL i.,. -.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY WE WILL SELL
SEWING
K§> MACHINES
KVEIt OFFERED FOIt
$10, $15, $20
New Home Sewing Machine Go.
1051 Market Street.
SOKMIAN
i "King of ca Bottled Beers.** . I
( Browe&CrOXD Bohenaian Hope. I
soLO;evEavwHERE. I
H1LBEKT MERCANTILE CO.. 1
Pacific Coast AcenU. S
/ph SPHEROID (Patented) ($&
\j\ Eyc Giasscs /[I
\f^ Opera Glasses (£&
j j Scientific jJ
/ y Instruments 7^1
\^J Kodaks, Photo Goods W
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S grcatI
Museum of ANATOMYf
!' Q) 1051 XAXXITCT. tot. ttit7ta,S.r.CtLi
\ Cf Tfce Lurnt Autosiittl Museum in the \
$ -^b. World. Uutr.t<(i u iny rnntrtdcd B
i. KGr& da-Mi* P*»ili«*-l7 rare* bribe oldest T
* /Sjtf : »J»» cul '»««» th *C«M».. E»L9»ye»r«. O
i fl *3tf DR - J0R2AN-DISEASES QF MEN d
1 f { 5« Corvxltmtioo tree and strictly print*. \
§ I jS^£ TrMtiB^Pt prr«>Ml!j. or by Imtu A A
Tl Tl *—*— Cm* m erety cue laiderukea. T
dP 11 j I ft* I".r>ok. rBILOaiiPBTaf A
¥ • [p BtBKUCE, MAILED FREB. (AW
i'(X iJ. reliable book for Bra) \
OH. JOBD&K A CO.. 10S1 Mxrki-t St.. P. P. 9
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS.
TUSCAN SZiSSSk.
Open the year round. ALL. CASES OF
nHEUMATISM. GOUT AND BLOOD DIS-
EASES TAKEN UNDER A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IN. FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS-
TIME OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING
RAILROAD FARES* BOTH WAYS, RE-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Dropsy. Diabetes,
.-'lorn- in the Kidney or Bladder, Catarrh of the
Bladder. Cystitis. Diseases of the Genito-Url-
nery OTxane. Delicate Women. Sktn Diseases.
Scrofula and General' Debility are treated with
pre-eminent success. Any case ¦ of • Malaria
cured In Irom ten days to two weeks. Never
a failure known.
Amor.it the thousand* of case* that have been
treated here in the lart 15 years there has
never been a DEATH. <¦ Send 60c for a bottle of
Catarrh Salts and sample of Metal Polish
Product« of Tuscan Sprints. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
rtflc ¦ Railroad awat. TUSCAN ; MINERAL
SPRINGS CORP.. Tuscan Sprint*. C«l
FRANK J. HULEX. Manager.
AGUA CAUENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur sprints. 1 temperature 115 decrees. • No
. fctaclse. Fare. $1 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tub
•" and hot plunte baths. The l»rr»st mineral
•,wat*r swlmmlnjr tank In the State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs; swimming
» t earner, ffswcial rate* from -now on.- - Peek's
11 Montromerylrt. THEODOR RICHARDS.
Arua- Calif cte. i Eonoma Ctrontj. --•-•¦
"-..--;">¦;? ADVERTISEME2ITS.
gMm Honesty- — Reliability — Progress ' ,
mm^^^^r I « /fllf! jJXyDu I Established in 1850. the vear in which our State was born, each succeeding year has seen the growth of Kohler
£^*ZZ--~~$h 1 H^W'/uMs Ch ase keep pace with the wonderful advance of California herself.
*! e €Sta bljshment of Kohler & Chase is distinctly a California concern and is recognized as one of the most
' e wan *- y. on *-° ta^ e t^ s as your invitation to come and see us in otir new home at Kearny
// J»r!l^lii§iii» anc^ -P° st - T* lc g rowtn °f our business compelled us to seek new quarters, and made it necessary for
/ A^X^jffljj^^^^^ us to separate the wholesale and retail departments. Our retail business will be done in our new
/^^^l^^^^^p I home, and" our wholesale business will be carried on for the present at the old stand. In the new
- jmSB^S^^^^m^k I , building we have practically seven floors, which will be devoted to the various departments, each
J^Sf^^JfU^ffaSSE^Sff having exclusive room and accommodations. Everything is modern, and the stocks are full and com-
m^^^^^m pee SPECIAL— To each person visiting us during this week we will
i^^^Wi^m Present a twenty-five dollar Due Bill which we will redeem as cash
JHr^Hfi>Hr On any ncw P iano purchased within three months.
mtm~ il&la^iiaif *" e ' us a^ a ' n rc P ea t our Invitation for you to come and see us In our new home on our 53d birthday.CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— Methodist layman In
conference at Aurora hav« chosen Mrs. Lucy
Rider Meyer, leader In deaconess work, as a,
delegate to the qua.lrenntal conference of tha
church at Los Angeles next May. .
will be sentenced next week. He Is aa
ex-convict. He came to California when
a boy. about fifteen years ago. Griggs
spent four years at the Whtttler Reform
School. After that he was sent to San
Quentin for five years for burglary at
Santa Barbara, and since then has been
In county Jails numerous times.
Prisoner at San Jose Asserts Family
Connection With Former Cabi
. net Officer.
SAN JOSE, Oct. lO.-Joseph Griggs,
awaiting sentence in the County Jail for
grand larceny, is said to be a relative to
former United States Attorney General
•John^W.v Griggs. The prisoner asserts
that a relationship does exist, but will
not tell more of It.
.* Griggs stole a watch from George Ryder
at Gllroy. .Yesterday he ; pleaded guilty
to the charge in the Superior Court and
CLAIMS RELATIONSHIP
WITH A NOTABLE MAN
Filipino Students Sail.
MANILA, Oct. 10.— Forty-eight Filipino
pupils left here to-day to spend six
months in California for. the, purpose of
learning the English language 1 and be
coming acclimated. They- will' then be
distributed among - the ; leading colleges
throughout the United States.
Sheey Defeats Parnell.
DUBLIN. Oct. 10.— David Sheey, the
Irish . Nationalist ; candidate, has been
elected to represent: South Meath'infPar-;
llament by a majority, of „ 1214 "over J/,: Hr
Parnell, brother of the late Charles Stew
art- Parnell, who ran*, as an^ Independent
Nationalist. ".''.';-¦ . '
being readily recawea, wnen ne exienaea
his effort for economy, as far as the track
walkers, 1 and was ' rewarded by a ; series
of accidents that ¦ were r attributed : to the
lack ¦ of. careful along the . lines/
When- President- Hays, who is known as
a' man. of .liberal pollcyiin the;operating
of ' railroads, . assumed" his . duties here * he
at once began to restore the road to a con
dition of greater safety,' but before he had
fully* carried" out his : plans' he resigned.
General Manager; Kruttschnitt; again pro
prosed : a .' reduction,,; but his suggestion
was not followed for some reason... In his
latest effort., however, he has eclipsed his
previous ones, and ! the j fact Is the subject
of { talk , among the employes of the , road,
.who "are living, from day, to day j in: fear,
that 1 ; the * general ! manager is; not through
with his plans for curtailment.'%H|Bftg
The' crime- with which the; men., are
charged is the breaking open of a freight
car on - April 9 ,last while en , route from
San Francisco to Salinas and stealing
several hundred , cigars consigned by a
San Francisco fimvto customers in Yuma,
Ariz.
REDWOOD" CITY. Oct. 10.— William E.
Slater and Richard W. Hardin. two rail
road brakemen, were held to-day by Jus
tice of the Peace Hannon for burglary.
Railroad Employes Accused of Break
¦ ing Open a Freightcar Must
: Answer.
BRAKEMEN - ARE HELD .
ON A BURGLARY CHARGE
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Oct. 10.—
Captain Arthur M. Sewtll, the well
known Puget Sound pilot, residing here,
received the first Intimation of the loss of
his vessel, the Benjamin Sewell. on the
Pescadero Reefs, off Formosa, in the
press dispatches from London to-day. Ha
has f received no word from Captain Hal
stead, who commanded the vessel.
The Pescaderos are a network of coral
reefs and Captain Sewell. believes the first
report that the vessel and . cargo, are a
total wreck. The Sewell was covered! by
$10,000 insurance on her . hull, but the
freight was not protected, and .Captain
Sewell loses about $30,000 on the accident.
The advices that the master and eleven
men were saved leave grave doubts for
the safety of Mrs. Halstead and her niece,
who .were aboard, and also leave eight
of : th« crew to be accounted for. .
Detailed Advices About the Wreck of
- the Benjamin Sewell Anxiously
; ¦¦:.:„"¦ Awaited.
WOMAN AND HER NTECE
MAT HAVE BEEN LOST
BUTTE, Mont., Oct. " 10.— The bricklay
ers employed on the new Federal building
struck for higher, wages to-day. They
asked for $7 a day. They have been-"get
ting J6 for! eight hours' work. The;con
tractors later decided to pay the advance
under protest. . \ . ' ' '¦..'¦
CHICAGO. Oct. -10.— Hundreds of candy
makers went back to ' work ; to-day ,T; the
strike having been * formally : declared • off
by their union. No I concessions : were
granted by the employers. ; :: • - V
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— The Truck Team
sters' Union, representing 8000 men, has
announced demands for a scale of wages
that Is to go Into effect on 4 May 1 next.'
The -scale demanded is the same as that
now paid the coal teamsters— an increase
of approximately 10 per cent. : ; ¦ ;
JOLIET. III.. Oct. 10.— One thousand
employes of the Illinois Steel Company
were to-day thrown out of employment.
The converted billet and three rod millb
were shut down, while the blast furnace
and merchant mills will continue to run.
The officials of the company say that
they do not know when the plant will be
started again, but hope to resume opera
tions in a few days. Various causes are
assigned for the shut-down.
ALBANY. N. Y.. Oct. . lO.-Three hun
dred men in the West Albany shops of
the New York Central shops were laid off
to-day. This is said to be in accordance
with an order affecting the entire Van
derbllt system between New York and
Chicago and means the laying off of 15 per
cent of the shop force along the Vander
bllt lines. The reasons for the reduction
in f ore* i3 not given here.
The prison officials are unable to ex
plain how the revolvers were smuggled
into the prison, but say. the weapons un
doubtedly were taken In by, some of the
many callers at the penitentiary during
the last week. , : ¦
Governor Wells has offered a reward of
5300 each for the recapture of Haworth
and Lynch and the prison authorities
have offered an additional (100, making a
total of WOO for either man.
Dayton, the convict killed by one of- the
guards, was buried to-day in the prison
burial ground. When his clothing was
searched a slungshot weighing about a
pound and a half, was found. A similar
weapon was found in Abe Majors* cell.
Guards Wilcken and Jacobs, who were
wounded during the fight, are now in the
Holy Cross Hospital. Jacobs was badly
injured about the head, having four scalp
wounds and a cut on the chin. Wilcken,
who was shot while fighting Majors on
the prison wall, has a bullet wound in
the right leg, near the hip, which may ne
cessitate amputation of the limb. The
wounded convicts ' are all doing . well and
will recover.
SALT LAKE. Oct. 10.— James Lynch
and Nick Haworth, the two men under
death sentences for murder, who suc
ceeded in effecting their escape from the
State prison here last night, are still at
large. Posses with bloodhounds searched
the hills north and east of this city from
dawn to sunset without finding any def
inite trace of the pair and to-night the
prospect for their capture is not bright.
Both of the escaped convicts are well
armed and it Is believed that neither will
be taken alive.
One Thousand Men Are
Temporarily Out of
Utah State Prison Es
capes Elude Their
Pursuers.
ILLINOIS STEEL
PLANT CLOSES
HOUNDS UNABLE
TO STRIKE TRAIL
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. lO.-George B.
Chester, one of the earliest Kern County
pioneers, passed away late yesterday af
ternoon after a long illness. He came to
BakersSeld in 1865 and engaged In the
mercantile firm of Llvermore & Chester.
They also conducted several sawmills in
the mountains. Mr. Chester was born In
l6o5 at Groton. Conn. There survive him
two Bisters. Mrs. M. H. Park of this
State and Mrs. E. C. White of Cedar
Rapids. Iowa. - -*- -
Kern County Pioneer Dead.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 10.-D. H. Rob
ert, managing editor of the Examiner of
San Francisco., came here yesterday to
establish n morning newspaper for Wil
liam R. Hearst. Mr. Robert announces
his purpose in a published interview and
states that he will remain here until the
new nlarit Is In operation. .
The new dally Is to be of the same gen
eral complexion as the other Hearst or
gans throughout the country. - The pro
prietor will lease or build | auartene, and
his agent announces that a complete plant
already awaits shipment from New York.
He states that if satisfactory arrange
ments cannot be made with the Associated
Press the Hearst special news service will
be employed.' .
It has lonjr been known that Mr. Hearst
has had a desire to enter the local field
and several negotiations looking to the
sale tn him of the have been
undertaken, but evidently satisfactory
terms could not be made.' .It, is the gen
eral belief -among newspaper .men ; here
that Mr. Robert's", public announcement
of his. object ..immediately following his
arrival is Intended I to scare the Herald
management into a" deal at Hearsfs'own
figures.; It was only on Thursday that
the proposed acquisition of a morning pa
perthere by Hearst' was declared off.
Arrangements Made for the Publica
tion of New Organ in the
- South.
HEARST TO ESTABLISH
LOS ANGELES NEWSPAPER
SUISUN, Oct. 10.— From present Indica
tions it looks as though Solano County
would at no distant day be covered by a
web of electric railway lines. Surveys are
now being made for the construction of
an electric road from Benicia to Vallejo,
thence westward to Napa. This road will
be built and operated by a syndicate of
capitalists of Vallejo and Los Angeles.
J. E. Woolley, an English capitalist,
who has extensive property Interests In
this county, has applied to the Board of
Supervisors for a franchise to construct a
like railway from Suisun to Vacaville and
Dixon. thence to the Yolo' County line.
This line "would .pass through the great
fruit belts of Suisun and Vaca valleys
and through the prosperous and thickly
settled grain-growing section in the
northern part ' of the county. With the
construction of these railway lines a large
portion of the county would be supplied
with convenient means of .transportation.
Projectors of Electric Lines Are Busy
in the Begion Around,
Suisun.
BAILS HAY BE LAID
at.t, THROUGH SOLANO
BIG SAVING} IN SALARIES.
The taking off of c these trains /repre
sents a saving ; In ) salaries ' alone of I more
than ! $10,000 a month! also quite j a ( sum j in
wear -and; tear, and materially assists; the
officials i in - keeping : , down the Y. working
forces inlthe shops and along ; the lines. *;
? Itis ,the; second time^ within ;the[careef
of 'General » Manager ¦. Kruttschnitt \ on ] this
coast that he has made ; sweeping; reduc
tions ' over c the - Pacific system,' the first
Another and Important reduction , was
accomplished after several days' confer
ences between the representatives, of the
operating and traffic, departments. Their
meetings, it was given out, were for the
purpose of , considering a "few minor
changes" in the train schedules, but the
fact -that these changes were in the main
for the purposes of economy was not sug
gested by the officials.
Yesterday % this new,, time schedule [was
made public; through the Oakland office of
the company. There it was given out that
because of the Immense amount of freight
being sent ; East by Calif ornla producers;
and for the further reason that the orders
for cars placed Eastern t firms : can
not be filled promptly, the company • had
been compelled^ In order. to gain trackage
and . power ; for/ the to make, the
change in ;thet schedules of " many ; of its
passenger"' trains. _ In'j some cases it , had
dedded;to take the trains off the run tem
porarily, and 'in othersi for good.
.Among! the; trains; dispensed with are
numbers ,41 * and i 42, between >PortT Costa
and Tracy ;B1 ; and 52, between Tracy and
Los Banos;-139 and 140, between Gait and
lone ; 19 . and^20, J between Sacramento and
Willows: ¦; 23 fand . 24. V between iMarysville
and , El Paso ; ' 46; and 39; '; between ? Oakland
and : Ban ' Jose,; and 13 , to : Reno, and ¦ some
of the locals on the coast line. ¦¦; * : '
LOCALS ABANDONED.
While this curtailment was being
planned the operating department found
another opportunity for a cut of forces,
and an order went out dismissing numer
ous assistants along the coast route. Even
the night station agents along the coast
division, whose duty it Is to report trains
as they pass in the night, work for which
they receive but a meager salary, were
given to understand that their services
were no 1 longer needed by the company.
Jt was only about two weeks ago that a
night station was created at Menlo Park,
and one of the first to receive his notice
of dismissal was the new agent at that
point.
Some weeks ago a large force of men
was discharged from the shops at Sacra
mento, and yesterday It was common talk
around the railroad building that a .num
ber of men in the repair shops on Ken
tucky street are doomed to decapitation. •
The reduction of the force on the o.thier
branches of' the* western system Is pro
portionately as large as that on the coast
division, and will prove a serious, blow to
the men, who' find lfhard to secure lucra
tive employment as the winter months
approach: i^Vf; : »'
In the maintenance of way department
It was decided to lay off 100 men employed
on the construction of the double track
south of the city. The carpenter force in
the local shops of the same department
was next to suffer, thirty-five men being
declared off the roll. Apparently the cut
in this department . was not sufficiently
deep to. please General . Manager Krutt
schnitt, for soon after three working
trains were laid off on this side of the
bay. This means that three crews of four
men each will be Idle. As another means
of economy It was decided not to recon
struct the recently destroyed freight shed,
find it Is probable that' this decision will
result in the removal of a number of oth
er mechanics.
Among the first payrolls of the company
to receive a scrutiny was that of the
coast division along which men by the
score have been marked for dismissal.
The majority of these changes will take
effect to-morrow and the others will fol
low as soon as the company sees its way
clear to drop the men. One of the first
moves made was to consolidate the posi
tions of two train dispatchers and a train
master' 'on the narrow gauge system,
throwing all the duties of the three
places on the shoulders of the latter of
ficial, ""thus saving to the company the
salaries of two dispatchers. Then the po
sitions of traveling, conductors along the
divisions were scratched 'off the pay roll
and growing more reckless in the use of
their blue 'pencils, the chiefs of the oper
ating department turned their atten
to the recently created positions of train
agents, j They were promptly abolished,
saving to the company something llkr
$2000' a month.
WOBKINO TRAINS OFF.
Mindful of the fact that the business, of
the Southern Pacific Company, according
to Its own records,, has been Increasing
steadily at the rate of about 1000 cars of
freight per month above the same num
ber of the corresponding month of the
previous year, it was but natural that
Manager Agler, the division superintend
ents and the heads of important depart
ments, like the maintenance of" way,
should receive their Instructions with sur
prise. There was no alternative but to
obey them and in a few days they were
closeted together devising ways of re
duction.
CUT ON COAST LINE.
The keen-edged ax of the general man
ager of tha Southern Pacific Company Is
swinging fiercely along the Western ays
tern of the corporation. An order for re
trenchment on a scale unknown of before
In the history of the company has gone
forth from General Manager Krutt
schnltt's office and Is being followed most
rigidly by the managers and superintend
ents of the different departments. - \
It was learned yesterday that within a
few days between 250 and 300 men will be
discharged from the various positions
along the coast division and the services
of proportionate numbers employed on
the other lines' running out of this city
will be dispensed with. In all it is ex
pected that the present force of men In
the employ of the road on its California
lines will be decreased at least 1200.
For several days the heads of the vari
ous'departments of the Western system
have been holding secret meetings in this
city. Yesterday it developed that these
meetings were the result of a conference
held several weeks ago with General Man
ager Kruttschnitt, at which he informed
his assistants that retrenchment must be
gin at once and that every working force
on the company's lines must be cut to the
lowest possible number.
.Order for Retrenchment Along West
/ ern System of Southern Pacific
Is Obeyed With Wild
» Vehemence.
Twelve Hundred Are Marked
for Sacrifice at His
Hands.
Kruttschnitt Swings Ax
With Startling
Effect.
COAST ROADS
STREWN WITH
DECAPITED
THE SAN IBAKCISCO CALL; SUNDAY; OCTOBER 'll- 1903.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS. * •¦> V v ;. /
What the New Fall
Styles will be in
• ( 't ib^o&i 'Voii'f'Ti^ Siii.f c
/^^^^^mS^S^ISfe^ ew s^ a<^ es ?^ S reen » brown and dark
mixtures will divide first honors with
homespuns in green and white effects
jS^Jm^f^W^9^^^S^ for this fall ' s r ? ost p°P u1ar st y les - Mix -
tures and stri P es in cheviots will be
w om largely, as well as blues and blacks
p^^^n^^^^^^^^^S^Sk in serges and unfinished worsteds.
MM&r y^^'^^^^fe-P-^S^ These few suggestions may well guide
*3ggr* your purchase when selecting your boy's
new winter suit. We are showing com-
j^^^^^^^SS^^^k P^ ete * mes °^ tnese fashionable goods
i^^^^^^^^P^^ for young men from 13 to 19 years of
V'e make all our youths' clothing in our S^^S^
own workshops and sell direct 'to you and ltf^$S illPillpj
thus save you the middleman's profit, which ii^f^4 |fl|S^
is at least 25 per cent. It seems a good deal W%vjj?$*&< W^^^M
to claim that these youths' suits are equal to JP^KSf? *liPiife
garments which sell for $2 or $3 more, but &£$*§
the prcof of the claim is in the merchandise. v &^0 lllNliS
If you are not fully convinced after your f^^&%, ?
purchase you can have your money back. |P$&5§£ IINlilP'
Mothers: If you were sure you could save M^S '^^^P^
money in trading here— if you were certain l!*N?f! llllip'
you could procure the latest styles — if you W^m£.
were confident of getting satisfaction — of zm?sM
course you would buy here. vfe|?9 "p^^^
We know we can please you in every way and save w00%
People living out of town can order any advertised >jg§iakftiS£E' "^At^^«v
goods through the mail and be served as well as though jrar^Sy
they bought in person. Please address Dept. H when q^£2^ •
740 Market Street. ;
">V •¦"••• .¦• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WOMEN PRAISE PE-RU-NA.
For Diseases Peculiar to Their Sex There Is no Medicine
That Gives Such Universally Good Results.
v&v J-^-y ->v. The Actress and the Housewife Rely Upon
M ,- '"**** ¦ fu' Mla» Zelma. Rawlxton, 8 W. 29th St, Kew York ',',
1 ; pleasure In recommending it to my professional
¦ ' yBK^^B^8Bm«LkMwl3^i«^^^^^^^ M Peruna seems bo admirably adapted to catarrhal troubles
t0gWBs^^^^^^S^^^ =^^^^----'"':^gW H of . women tha t It rarely falls to Instantly relieve and
j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^T yjr.V.'-V^^^y 11 Jl *° sooner does a woman bejln to take Peruna than she
II Sometimes It is necessary to take It tie weeks and even
fl months, but the good effect becomes apparent at one© and
gradually continues until a curs Is perfected.
'*fp%=^pS§^^jjlp^pi^~^S3 Noted Women Who Use Pe-ru-oa.
. %^g= = =^^|=l^'^ir-^~f Mrs * Ve r° na E* Roach, wira of late Senator Roach of
,i^g|g====liiyil^il||^ Mrs. General James Longrstreet of "Washington, D. C.
B — - Mrs. H. A. S. Marsh, President Woman's Benovelent As-
g/V^ __^r— i ~~~Z soclation. No. 237 Jackson Park Terrace, Chicago, 111.
tt^^fL ' s§^ """^^^ - Mra - Robb-Maher, attorney-at-law of Kansas City,
f^^^ %r^^ -^p* *_ Kansas.
""""jSl^L Mrs. TheopMle Schmitt, wife of the ex-Secretary of tha
i — 3j an^ _^i^^V-^^^H Mrs. Colonel E. J. Gresham, Treasurer Daughters of the
r~ :gi^ y^zz. "/__— — Z~ J *"^^H Confederacy and President Village Improvement Society,
~ - __^^^^O3*^-^v?PI Mrs. F. E. Warren, 'wife of ex-Governor and now United
After the birth of my last child I felt weak and disabled. I tried | VL J«aS^^* f/
\\ several physicians with little relief, while Peruna gave me the \\
\ greatest possible benefit. It seemed to build up my entire . , <ryoB^g^g^gS^^^^^^^^^%3ycL
body, drive out pain and to vitalize me through and through. | \ArT^^a^Sw^^^^^W^^/r^^f^^^mSX\
and nothing troubles or worries me as it did when I was in fp*\ J v^*" j*^>
' poor health. I shall use my influence with my friends who are | MB^v|
1 sick to use Peruna as I know I do them a favor. . It is the best , l\ /Vy f*f J^V 0 ! 9 U r\ut m t *\ **\» /§
! medicine I know of to cure the ills of women." — Mrs. Mary i IV J 1 t *D. § iQ*Jr is&ilrM&C/\» /If
PELVIC catarrh is a phrase coined term that covers all cases of catarrh of thousands of testimonials to thl* effect
by Dr Hartman. covering all that the pelvic organs. There in no cure equal are received by Dr. Hartman every year,
large class of diseases that used to be in promptness and permanency to a short The good that Peruna has. accomplished
known as female weakness. The lower course of Peruna. In this class of cases can scarcely be
portion of the abdomen is called by Peruna does not relieve these cases by overestimated.
anatomists the pelvis. The organs con- temporarily mitigating some symptom, if you do not derive prompt and iatls-
talned in this portion of the body are but by a removal of the caus e. Many a factory resuUa from the U8e of Pe runa.
known as the pelvic organs. There are woman can testify that a local tre atment wrlt at once t Hartman g^g a
several of them, very delicate and very does not permanently cure A large multl- fu ,, statement of your case he win
ssss^^affs th^ w o w g° a m ns n i^oy^s^tTrSsyfis'tSSi jj^ss to <***«* tis i ° ad -
each case presents some minor difference nsent with little or no result. "
as to detail, they are all in reality alike. In Peruna these women find a prompt Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Pelvic catarrh, therefore, is a gynerlc and permanent cure. Thousands upon Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
OT= BEER. DECLARE
BtATz Beer
Saptrlor from all points at
rl«w; Poiieislay absolnt* pur*
1<T> proper &f* »a4 HosmtI
¦ TlATor. Adapted to all tastas
¦ according- to Brew and Brand.
EIPOST HUES FRIYATE STOCI MUEICHBER
As* for u BtATX" at Club or Bar.
YAL BLATZ BREWIKG CO., MHWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Go,, me.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST^ San Francisco.
Tel. lialn IMS. Wholesale D«aUr».
r — '— — _ —^_ — ; _
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OJP THJI
. WEST. 2* Pert «l. tea rnaetMO* CU.
Writ* far Uluitmtad c&UtofTM CCzWkTl!
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
VASELINE NO GOOD TOR HAIR.
Dandruff Germ Thrives in It as Well
as in All Grease.
A well-known Chicago hair specialist
Invited the Inter Ocean reporter to come
to his office and see, under a microscope,
how the germ that causes dandruff
thrives In vaseline. The specialist said
that all hair preparations containing
grease elmply furnish food for the
germs and help to propagate them. The
only way to cure dandruff is to destroy
the germs, and the only hair preparation
that will do that is Newbro's Herplcide.
'•Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect." Without dandruff no falling hair,
no b&ldness. Ask for Herplcide. It is
the only destroyer of the dandruff germ
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herplcide Co.,
Detroit, Mich.
i
i
T>* best W*»Vy mad* in SCOTLAND
ANDREW USHER
O.N/G I
j lANO
SPECIAL RESERVE ;
I To b» cbto-'.n t d th* World ovrr of '
WintM«rch»nt» «nd Dealers
WHUAM WOLJTdCO. *** n»**co
P*C>riC.CeA>T^ AtCNTJ
What does it cost, do you
think, to moneyback Schilling'r
Best?
. Ask your grocer ; he know:¦'¦ CLEVELAND. -. O.V Oct.: 10 —The Leader
to-morrow ""trtIII publish 'correspondence
GREAT ;, ISSUES J AT. STAKE.
DENVER. Oct. 10.— Governor Peabody
this evening announced the appointment
of a" general court martial to convene "in
Denver October . 13 for the trial of the
State militia officers against whom
charges of irregularities have been made.
Peabody Appoints Court-Martial.
NEW YORK, Oct 10.— Wedged on the
rocks of Execution Shoals, the most dan
gerous passage, in Long Island Sound.
the steamer City of Worcester, with 120
passengers on board. In a sea so heavy
that no small boat could live a minute,
struggled vainly to-night' to free herself,
while hundreds of persons .from City
Island, , five . miles away, . watched the
flickering Ujhts of the .vessel as she
to«sed In the heavy sea. A futile attempt
to pull' the '.steamer, from, her fastenings
on the .terrible rocks 'on which so'many,
l-.oatsf have gone to pieces was made
¦ vainly for , hour? . by " the steamer ' New
Hampshire, which finally returned to City
¦ Island. Then . an emergency call ¦ was
«nt to Pier 18, this city, " asTdng that *a
Special Dlepatch to The CaU.
NEW YORK, Oct. lO.^-Cbmptroller Ed
ward Grout announced '"to-day . his ' inten-'
tion to support George B.' McClellan,' the
Democratic candidate for ' Mayor, ¦ in op
position to the re-election of Mayor Low.
In answer to a question after be had fin
ished - his speech of acceptance :; of *; : the
Democratic nomination j for Comptroller,
Grout said: .'•;.¦'
"I will support. Mr. McClellan with every
power that I ! have." I
The notification of McClellan,', Grout and
Charles y. JFornes of their; nomination ; by
the, DemocratlcV city 'convention for ¦- the
offices of Mayor, Comptroller and .' Presi
dent of the Board of Aldermen, took place
this afternoon. ; Only three ; of / the ; seven
Brooklyn members of the city; notiflcation
comrhittee attcnoed. the meeting,- empha
sizing th!e revolt of 'the Kings or.*
NEW YORK, Oct. 10. — Madame Melba
was a passenger on the Campania, which
arrived to-day, and that vessel also
brought Sir Charles Mackale, the South
African railroad builder, < and J.F. Jones,
manager of the Chartered Company of
South Africa, who came to investigate
Industrial and railroad ' methods. Colonel
C. M. Watson, secretary of the British
Royal Commission to the St. Louis Ex
position, was a passenger on the Cam*
pania.
Madame Melb a Arrives.
Steamship Is Wedged
on Rocks in Long
Island Sound.
Brooklyn Committee
man' Angered at In
dorsement.
GROUT DECLARES
FOR M'CLELLAN
SCORES OF LIVES
IN CRAVE PERIL
McClellan ; In his ' speech of acceptance
declared that | If clecteTl he should assume
full responsibility for the conduct ' of the
police. , The laws, he said; should be en
forced in the spirit in 1 which they were
intended , with due regard for the : rights
of ¦ the citizens and " not .used as : instru
ments of oppression and ' blackmail/, nor
for the unwarranted curtailment "of Indi
vidual liberty. -Charles F. Murphy to-day
took steps r to carry ' the' fight into ' Hugh'
McLaughlin's territory -by preparing to
open .Tammany headquarters in Brooklyn:
¦ The * fusion campaign was opened?' in
Brooklyn to-night -Mayor Low>Borough
President Bwanstrom,-: City .Chamberlain
Gould and ; Frederick \W. ; Hlnrichs," nomi
nee for .;; 'Comptroller, vwere / the principal
speakers.^ Mayor.: Low, declared that the
present 'contest "for' 'municipal V control
.would .not be; considered lightly, 1 , for. it in
volved."uncompromising hostility to Tarn-'
many, Hall." .; . "¦•* ~ , ;-';
ganization. Senator McCarren was pres
ent." The four remaining members of the
Kings delegation 1 sent to Chair
man Craln 1 a letter of protest in which,
while they agree to support Colonel Mc-
Clellan, -they declare .their' opposition to
Grout and Fornes and regret j "the | com
bined folly, shocking lack of self-respect
and scandalous indifference to party prin
ciples shown in • the" nomination i of two
men who are as much * of an offense to
honest Democrats as they, have quite re
cently declared Tammany to be." '¦
There are 120 pasengers on the- isolated
steamer and no one has been able to com
municate with them from the shore. Those
on the New . Hampshire declare that a
wild panic reigned and that terror had
taken possession of the passengers. Men
and women ran all night all the decks,
In cpite of efforts to calm them.
tug and wrecker be sent in all haste to
the scene of the accident.
The worst storm ever known on the
Sound in the vicinity of City Island is
raging, and, in the opinion of old water
men and pilots, the vessel will go to
pieces in' a few hours, unless the storm
subsides.
WOODLAND, I Oct. ; 10. — J. Joyce wu killed
by a train near the cannery switch late last
night. The mutilated ¦ body was found this
mcrnlns. It was first erroneously Identified as
that of E. Callahan. but the proper name of the
unfortunate man- was learned very soon after
ward.
I am in receipt of a letter. from Senator Han
na, inviting- me to take fome part in the Ohio
campaign, now about to open. If agreeable to
you. - I *bouM like to accept. I am also In
vited to make a few talks in Kentucky and
one or two other States, and. with your < con
sents shoul-J like to spend th« last week or so
of the campaign in my own State. It now
seems ; probable that • the battlefield this year
will be m Ohio, and if your poliilc.il opponents
elect to make their full showing < of strength
in that ritate, I see no reason why your frlenJs
should | not; accept the challenge, rlt politics
were but , contests for the honors I and emolu
ments of o'.flce I should not have ernjiiK-U therr-
In, and »ould now wleh tu remain: etlpnt. but
principles which 'we both i><?U«jve . to ba of tha
greatest "moment, to i the Country are being, uc
xalled an>l for that reason - 1 iuvk upon the in
vitation as a call toduty.
vOn August 31; the President wrote to
Secretary Shaw as follows: V ;
. I am glad 'you are gttlng to Ohio and I agree
most heartily with all that you sax. The re
turn of Mr. Hanna to the Senate and the tri
umph or the principles for which he ctands in
the present contest are things that concern net
merely Ohio,, but our country an a. whole,. ana
I : congratulate you " upon having the chance to
do your share tf> secure not merely the triumph,
but j the ; decUive and overwhelming triumph ¦ of
Senator ; Hanna and; the- cause ; which he. repi«
•»"'•• " ffMBJIMT
between of the Treasury Shaw
and "President Roosevelt concerning the
pending Ohio campaign. Under date of
August 27 Secretary Shaw wrote to the
President: .
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The following
Californlans are in New York: From San
Francisco — Miss Johnson, at the-Manhat
tan: S. Bowman, at the Imperial; Miss
M. S. Brooks and Miss E.' H. Brooks, at
the Grand Union; A. H. Ellis, at the Park
Avenue; W. D.'Havre, at the Imperial;
Mrs. T. O'Reilly, at 'the Holland; the
Misses Plover and Mrs.; J. Plover, at the
Manhattan; J. F. Queeny, at the Marl
borough; F. C. Smith, at the Bartholdl;
F. C. Dumon, Miss Duttonand G.'Dutton
and wife, at the Albemarle; C. H. Holli
day, at the Criterion; C. Johnson and
wife, at the Manhattan; T. J.'Lamoreaux,
at the Broadway Central; W. P. Stimmel
rnd wife, at the Cadillac, and C- E. Wil
son, at the Manhattan.'. . , -' -
From Santa Barbara— E. Smith, at the
Herald Square. ; "
• From San Jose— J. O. Hcstwood and L.
B. Rhodes, at the Grand. .-. •
'.:. From. Los Angeles— L. . W. Morgan, at
the St. Denis, and Dr. T. J. MCoy, at the
Grand Union. ' ':J ->—^.f>,; :^;
Calif ornians in New York.
The Gaelic Dancing Club will hold Its
third annual grand Irish ball at Mechan
ics' Pavilion Saturday evening. October
31. Many novel and original features will
be introduced, including the San Fran
cisco Pipers* Club and a fancy dance by
150 children garbed in the costume of tha
olden time; -while the grand march will
be led by 100 couples in magnificent cos
tumes: •>, .
Gaelic Club Will Give BalL
LEXINGTON. N."C Oct. 10.— The last
witness to be heard In the trial of James
H. Tillman, charged with the murder of
N.. G. Gonzales. left the stand this after
noon at 4 o'clock, thus concluding the
taking of testimony. On Monday and
Tuesday' counsel, will address the jury,
seven hours being allotted each side. On
Wednesday morning Judge Gary will de
liver his charge, after which the case will
go to the jury. ¦ •¦ , . [
Tillman Case Evidence Concluded.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 10.— Under the Federal
law declaring thqt the telegraph com'
panics are common carriers and cannot
discriminate against Individuals in the
dissemination of information furnished
the mibllc, the United States Court of
Appeals j to-day reversed the decision of
the United States Court for the "Western
District of Missouri in the case in which
the Chlcaco Board of Trade sought to
secure a perpetual injunction against the
Chicago Grain and Trust Company of
Kansas City and the Postal Telegraph
Company, restraining them from using
the board's market quotations.
In reverslne the lower court the Court
of Appeals held -that the contract be
tween the Chicago Board of Trade and
the telegraph companies. In so far as it
excluded bucket shops, was not valid. The
Christie Commission Company refused to
sign a statement that it. was doing a reg
ular brokerage business and the tele
graph officials agreed. to furnish the quo
tations. From this, action the suit de
veloped.
Court Be verses Judgment and Holds
Contract Excluding Bucket Shops
to Be Illegal.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE
LOSES CASE ON APPEAL
EAST NORTHFIELD, Mass.. Oct. 10.—
Mrs. Dwight L.. Moody, widow of the
famous evangelist, died at 5 o'clock this
afternoon at her home in this town.
Mrs. Moody had been suffering for
some time from an internal trouble, but
her condition was not considered serious.
She became unconscious this morning and
passed away without regaining conscious
ness at 5 o'clock this afternoon. Her
younger son, Paul D. Moody, was with
her at the end, but her two other chil
dren, a son and daughter, are in Chicago.
The funeral will take place on Tuesday.
Mrs. Moody was born in England about
sixty years ago. She married Mr. Moody
about forty years ago" and they had three
children, all of whom survive.
Wife of Famous Evangelist Dies at
Her Home in East North
field.
MRS. DWIGHT I. MOODY
GOES TO HER LONG REST
During the last year more than eighty
students have registered at the Normal
School in this city and out of that number
there was not a single man. so it would
appear that the supply of male teachers
is not up to the demand and that tha
prospects of having: the number lncrea*«4
are not at all bright.
Among the principal speakers were Dr.
Jordan and Professor Dcnlway of Stan
ford University. Professor Richardson of
the University of California and Profes
sor Murdock of this city. The subject of
having more men teachers In the ranks
was taken up and discussed. It was
unanimously agreed that the subject was
a complex one and at the present time
was unsolvable.
The Schoolmasters' Club held its Quar
terly banquet in the banquet-hall of th«
California Hotel last night. About 1Q0
members of the organization from all
parts of the State were present. Profes
sor Dunlway of Stanford University pre
sided. v-.V- V>
Educators From All Farts of the
State Represented at Quarterly
Banquet.
SCHOOLMASTERS GATHER. .
AROUND FESTAL BOARD
Among those Invited by the President
to meet the visitors were James D. Phe
lan, former Mayor of San Francisco, and
Miss Phelan.-
After receiving Colonel Symons' - report, |
President Roosevelt descended the steps,
accompanied by Colonel Syraons and Com
mander W. S. Cowles, his naval aide. As
they reached the foot of the stairs the
bugles , sounded a fanfare, the company
presented arms, and the British colors
were dipped to the ground. The President
acknowledged j the salute by standing
with bared head. Lord Denbigh then ad
vanced and received from the President a
cordial greeting. After chatting a minute,
President RQOsevelt, accompanied by Lord
Denbigh and his Adjutant and Colonel ?
Symons and Commander Cowles, made a •
careful Inspection of both ranks of the
company, the President manifesting a
deep interest In the uniforms and tne
equipment of the men.:
The company, headed by the band, play-
Ing "The March of the British Grena
diers," marched to the entrance of the ;
east front terrace. There arms were
stacked, and the men, headed by Lord
Denbigh and the officers of the company, !
passed through the terrace and up the
main staircase to the vestibule of the
White House. In the Blue Room they
were received by the President and Mrs.
Roosevelt, members of the Cabinet and
the ladles who accompanied them, and the
other guests.
The London company was followed by
the members of the Ancient and Honor
able Artillery Company of Boston and
the Minute Men, each being warmly
greeted by the President.
After the guests had been received they
prissed to 'the state dining-room, where a
buffet luncheon was served. During the I
reception the Marine Band, stationed in
the grounds south of the White House.;
rendered a programme of specially se-.|
lected music. !
.WASHINGTON, .Oct 10,-President and |
Mrs. Roosevelt: this afternoon gave an
elaborate -reception in the "White House |
to' the; Honorable Artillery, Company of j
London, the Ancient, and , Honorable Ar- j
tillery Company of Boston and the Minute j
Men of this city. Invited, to meet the j
guests of honor .were the most prominent !
officers of the Government and leading '
members of Washington society. V
i Shortly before 4 o'clock the two visiting
organizations, under escort of the Minute ;
Men and headed by the Ancient and Hon
orable Artillery. Band, marched' from the
Arlington Hotel to the entrance' of the
east terrace of the .-White' House. There
the organizations separated, the Boston
company and the > Minute Men passing
through the terrace " entrance and lining t
up on the lawn immediately east of the
south front of the Wrilte House. The
Honorable Artillery Company entered the
White House grounds at the southeast
gate and marched to a point facing the
south portico of the White House. There
Lord Denbigh, the commander of the com
pany, formed his men in parade, facing
the White House.
After the parade had been formed.
Colonel Thomas W. Symons, the. military
aide of the President, descended the steps
of the White House, officially greeted
Lord Denbigh and received his announce
ment that the company was ready for in
spection by the President.
Ancients of Boston and Min
ute Men Are Escorts to
. Visitors.
Company of Honorable
Artillery Received by
President.
PARADE ON LAWN
OF WHITE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903.
24
.: . ADVEBTISEMENTS. -, . . ¦¦' - -. ¦'¦'¦ . .v-y. ,: -!.; ¦'•- '¦ ; .-'*'<<¦:¦¦ '?;-</-.'
BE^NS HERETOMORROW ... .— --
np.HE Silk Sale which, starts here to-morrow will unquestionably prove the Greatest Silk Event in our his- "^^Iftk £*%f! Kf "i
*V\ tory ' II wou ' d bc difficult— indeed impossible— to compare this with any silk sale ever instigated in this tfflSSll mil Wf%
•jlf* city. So colossal— so significant is it. We do not hesitate to say it was the most enormous transaction P|n ' |jSf \fO
we have ever made, for it involves a purchase of over 40,000 yards High-class Black < and Colored Silks that A M& EEF U -^
will now be offered at the Greatest Price Concession ever known. Our buyer was the lucky purchaser, secur- igL^ffir M
ing from one of the biggest American Silk Mills, which found itself greatly overstocked, these immense mmw^ ¦• ---^1^^ ¦¦ JL
quantities of silk— his cash" bid of 60c on the dollar was accepted, and now is your opportunity— it's the one chance in a thousand and will amply
repay you to invest liberally and secure silk values as you never did before. Novelty Silks that are actually worth $1.00,- $1.25 and $1 so styles such
as Plaids, Persians, Checked Taffetas, Moires, Louisines in the most charming color combination, suitable for complete Dresses Waists' and Petti-
coats, on sale at ~ •..,'......'?..'.. ..;.. •. ..".... ......'.[.. . . ... .50c yard
Hi^h-Ciass Black Taffeta and Peau de Soie— Much Under Price>
Black Taffeta. 6^c quality for 38c yd. Black Taffeta. 2.yin.. guar't'd. $1.25 make: 80c yd. Peau dc Soic'24-inch. $1.75 make f or ....g1.25 yd.
Black Taffeta. 21-inch. Si make for 7»c yd. Black Taffeta. 16-inch. $i:sb v make for..gl.lO yd. Peau de Soie. 21-inch. 8.sc make for. ... .. .O9c yd.
Black Taffeta. 26-in.. guar't'd. $1.83 make.DSc yd. Pean de Soie. 75c make for ... . V.V.. ',::. ;.49c yd. Peau de Soie. 21-inch. $i..«;o make for...gl.l5 yd.
Black Taffeta, guaranteed, ooc quality. .... :0Sc yd. Peau de Soie. 20-inch. St'.so make for. ... ..08c yd. Peau de Soie. .^6-inch. $2.00 make for...^l»45 yd.
f A FLANNEL SALE I f Splendid Offering } I GREAT }
H FLHlint-L OHLL and Tuesday. Cff j^ \\7A'fCTC t^.* *
For Monday and Tuesday we will hold a Special Sal* i |V VV A 0 I '¦»* f iSIUW^** il<ti<*/^l« #1 r»/\
cf Flamed, jutt the kind you will have to purchase now »J1JU1\ T T flL I 4^ 1 *J • fxlllfirirl H^t 1 fl^CLn PI S6
—the ccld weather demanda it— aa opportunity to «a-v« at (7 <rt ..rf to en ciil 11/ • * * a — *V»MR/VH A cV«.l VllUUV
least one-third from regular prices. $7.50 and $8.50 SHK Wa'StS for C ftff - T -«-»i. »ikk o. W
50c All-wool French flanne's for 39c yd. Another one of our surpassing *Al °? 9W Pieces Taffeta Ribbon, on SaJe g |>
a rhci>* varifty of r^in nannei»— a:«o fancy »eif color v.aist sales — one that you cannot H Caen. Every yard of this beautiful soft Ha Bv
•trw« e «n an the leading color* suitable ror waist, and afford to miss. Waists in the Ribbons is .worth i.sc and 20c a UXJr *&.
40^^15 -Wool Eiderdown Flannels for 29c yd. ve 7 l ? tcs * stvlc - with thc neatest hemstitching 2T»aglJ^5^U;MtToim*Mc.1m^a
4uc At. wooi ciQgroown ™™"™* L. and pleating: newest sleeves and cuffs- made of which the maker sacrificed, and you now Ret
a-ZVacT cf Plnk * Usht Blue< Red> Gray * Cream P«u dc Cy^c. Peau de Soie and Cr?pe de thc bcncfit Soft . and lustrou s Taffeta Ribbons.
2503 Yards tOs Canton Flannel for 7c yd. . Chine, in colors of white, black, light blue. 3|4 , inches wide in shades of cream white, light
rxtr» hea^-^««utr; bleached and unbleached; P«nk, .cardinal, etc, ; actual $7.50 and $&so-val- bl " e - V?/ di "f ;i! Iac W etc 'r nbbo 4 l L that ar 5
t wcrth inc. J On sale Monday $4.65 each we J* wortI:l ISc and 20c. Monday . . .1O« a yard
An Amazing Dress Goods Sale— Monday and Tuesday
f£N extraordinary Dress Goods Sale is plannedrfor Monday and Tuesday that will create unbounded interest, and if you. come here
* to-morrow you will get values absolutely not equaled th 1S season. The values are remarkable— because they possess quality and
tf style far beyond the degrees indicated by the prices.... Our advice, therefore, is to be on hand early to-morrow.
$1.25 Quality Colored Dress Goods for $1.50 Quality Black Dress Goods for
All-Wcsl Voile Etamlne. 44 Indies wide - - ActuaI value All-Wool Black Broadcloth, 52 inches wide - \ .
Ail-Wool Venetiais, 52 inchas wide - ¦ $l25 Yd . /r^ Black Zlbellne, Satin Finish, 48 inches wide CIQ^
AII-Wool Zibelines, 50 Inchas wide - ¦ all at London Twine and Voile Etamine, 48 In. wide all at Cj?(3 y
The Et«minea «xe llg*t wcls3:t In the leidlnjr colors — the Venetalns suitable for Tailor A ' '
«o*nt, In the newest Fan shades and Black— the Zibellnes In plain and fancy effects ;.als/> Three of the most popular Black Goods Fabrics, every yard guaranteed to wear well—
Black. All are remarlt».l>.s ralUCT. ¦ offered marvelouely low.
fP* J&& Here we present one of our Great Cheviot Offers— the
'¦'--' On sale for Monday only at ...... . . ,135c yard ' /^csSP'v rsESggsr. t
I Great Offering in Sheets, Blankets, Comforters.
ht.me dressmaking. Extra selling apace and c!erk» have been provided to Insure DromDt Every Item we offer for to-morrow Is of a standard quality, to U placed on««ale
service to a!l. i»i«t in«um much below -the' present'prevalllus; mill 'prices. '
ImSS-'S co^^'nd 0 "^,! b?£Sx i &--.- h A? scissors, a t23c 500 Sheets, 81x90, Regular Value 65c,, on Sale 55c ca
k2SS sEE worinrfnts 1 " 111 - SSr.^:-^ Sv o^ r^ 300 cloz. Pillow Cases,^45x36; Retf ular^ Value ISc^foWlOcea
<<:or!c £ .«:,ize,2.3. 4; pin" E c 25 sTiCK pixs 4c s « to ° lnche »: • j8<J $4.50 Blankets for $3.00 pr. SHkolInc Comforters, $1.25 ca.
uorth^andSOc. g-UW taw: worth f c f^J s ° B^ ,,ze. Heavy .nd fleecy. Good value at $1.50: full ,1^; with -mtU-
t ,,?» 1 RT_ WAIST SA^CTT PINS, all "d %Z *" eaVhTworti 40e liS , Grand value. , . ¦ est de.Urns: light and dark covering; white
SS&SaK WMM "S-^-- ¦ S60pB l a n Keur.rS4.. S p r . '"^^infoners tor S,. 95 '«,.
nr r^vffe h™* er/.f b^tk./, »^. A L L a n d CHAIN'S. 28c— In- All-wool California Blankets. Extra _T"~ — ~~ '
DE LO.NO S Hooks SEAM BINDUCO. 8OCKET SNAPS, dlan Beaded Styles- heavy. Be8t *»<!« Sllkollne Comforters: extra
en3 Eye*. . c card. all colors, 8 l-3c ea. 3c floren. worth 50c each ' " ' * ' l8J 8 ;9 b1 "! flllfd wtth P ure white medicated
I2^c Unlni for 8j^c yd. 30c Grade Sateen LlnlntL 19c vd $10.00 Blankets for $6.75 ea. cotton; «ie S ant value.
,* T1 ! e f 081 "S 6 QUaJltI "- 36 lac^ e « w»«*: # ia Extra iar« ¦«» for double bed.; in the $5.00 Sateen Comforters, $3.73 ea.
l llV^^^.^.. b !^ Oa .T^l% C °™ ' nmth * lead '" g Pe^^dl^sH^y^tcn^^ 8^
Bargain Surprises for Coat and Suit Buyers. special exhibit of
th» rai P oi l; S < dS. Sll i»?SSffi e ?» S? *2L T 001^ ?**", *"»; P" 1 "^ the bl«e«t kind of business to-morrow and m Y ¦ « > . Hr* . • . , •
Novel-Trimmings
Two Big Leaders in Suits, ma* '„*&£&£«£> 8, c^^o yd JSSTJ^^
S25.O0 WiLKHS SUITS lor WRT EfAMINE SXIRTSi Cold Cloth. Novel Fiber Braids.
»m'7i,rS.'4^^SO /1^ $17.50 VALUES-HOmr, g8ic?,gS3.<»JVard| ;'°;!^tos|c||§f:
morrow. The "f| ,^M A^ls'LJJL 11 " 1 TX^^V Silk Drop || fW^V*^~tt Trimmintfc Fihor Inpoc
etyle, material U 0*( 'jjff*** n#>«^\. Etamtoe Skirts, if. S3 ' W JL\%JP opailSiea IlimmmSS riDCl LUCeS.
ud workman- '¦» V*^.. 7** '^fVliJ^) "of Black Eta- ZSM / i 10c, 25c tO $4 yard 35c tO yard
Eh;;, are of the first order— C7-inch %\\\ Z'JtJY^X^J mine trinmed li B« X - >q ,-jj < : J
llnr-d jacket .aits, pleated front and back. >C^?T^ ..if' c .„ '• J&Z* ' &GtLs -
with belt effect: velvet collar and poach f / l\ . '¦¦• "¦•• • wltn e tailor Ay^muwma Colo nf FitiortitWkitt Pnhftc artti Qnfniioc
sleeve with cuff; of the choicest mixed / / \\ strap*, very graceful hanging; skirts: In OUlC Ol- t-IUcrUOWil K0D6S 0110 . OuGqUCS.
material" mat bancain * 1MJ5O f-arh li / 1'A *11 lencths and watet bands: s;ood value" " r\ ' r . ' • 'i "et •' ' . • .• _^ _"¦':.'
material, ereat Dargain ».i»j>o each /il \A at $17.60. For a special at.... *12.45 each Our first special offer in this line. rffY /"%, Qff
¥ERY EOBBT SOUS, (Like Cut,) // I \ \\ HEW MILITARY COATS AT " Robes of good quality eiderdown, fin- **fc *<.\7O
n /^^7IBa HA-ijK -'ished with sailor -collar nicely stitched *4s<J Each.""
You ccu'.d net u & Sflrf GLffR Sfr*f« I ccme and «e« M -^s/l) "-wl ?fl with frogs and cord, all colors and Rood
i rJew^£ u^ p jr £ /vflRirwk the ¦ -^E %W.'W-?r . value at. $s.op. ; - .;; , . r
¥ -I.^SST. " &* ** * eis.' JyJM! W\ r5* l ™°'T; ''lihCa. Dressing Sacqucs.
fSnr u b?ou a 4 a «i!i k wfti b^fd?r rl ~^ e^d tf/niVV vartety * ftnd wlthoat &£•! « v «y The regular $1.25 kind, face wool Rip- A>v
te^Sr^tS^S^wtS-^bSS! nntsh°ed anrtr lr nme^co' ned i 1 andMm f' Pic flannel, half fitted back, full front. ClM^
rr2nd aa AiSf f .? plnr ""H&Zi «d "bf.SS* win t^m.M.^ 1^ niocly finished.^^ in all colors and sizes: UOt
grand %alue at here Monday flU.tM on sale tO-morrOW -; . . ....... .• "
A/-*t —,1 - COUNTRY ORDERS RKCEIVE PnOMPT ATTENTION. --
ulove bale. dr *p : r ¦¦¦v-ii^i-- HosiePV Sale
Gloves, but the assortment rfcj\ i& jf JQ*f J&149) S3>irjA I STlM&O* For Monday only our 4"b«T!)| P
is somewhat broken. I n v^Pa'r M/W^W^sSiSX&^ASSM&^kdfZa^k 5oc Lisle Hose. Only - S - i'
this lot you will find the best colors. m \JF*S&Sm 60, dozen to be placed r *» P alr
also black. Sizes 55^ to 7. Enough BiW^ 1 141^^ 0 * on sa ! C- Ladies' Lace Lisle Black
to last for one day; sale, to close ""^Sy^gsaga^^^^J^fl^ffl^^"^*" " Hose in a great variety of styles, on
*...;.. .....65c pair' ~&r- sale Monday, only, 3, pairs for. ..$1.00
AD VERTISEMEHTS.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS antl EXPERT SPECIALISTS
jfOa* WE TREAT AND CURE
B"1?jf&E!L iSs. CATARRH Nos» and Throat Troubles. Nervous Diseases. Kld3«?
ftJs3tJZ$iL J$& ¦=«! G-er Diseases. Bladder Trilbies. H?art Disease. DIsmws oi
«$3gS2feP *¥& the Stomach and Bo-»el-». Piles. Fistula «ni Rectal Dises., . F«raa ,
BflRSv _^iS# Complaints, Chronic D. leases ot Women and Children, rackets. Spin.
wSftffM "Car \ "• Troubles. )?)tla Diseases. Deafntss Asthma. Fronchlal and Lun*
TOA\A «'t 1 Trouble". Rheumatism, Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hy*teria. Ear DU-
iT*4* e«teg. Goitre or Biff Neck. Varlcocele. Lost Manhood, etc. : B!no.l
ijj Dlseas's. Prlvats Diseases. ScrofuU and »U form* of Nervoa* ani
\ &\ Chrcnlc Disease* Uh at are curable).
A hT^ 1^ OUB MOTTO: A low f ee.T ($>5^^5N
v^Sjj^ rv*"w *alc* cuxe, mild fcnd patale«» '/^"^S^^^£^
Wh&llft^T^r^lg*! Conroltatloa In perioa or ««.
l^^^^^^K by latter ix— to alL CaU or W^
ti. A. I. Siursi. C ¦ O C»\ 3^»i!3
HOME CURES BY MAIL Y jf
Do not despair becaus* you llv« at a distance from thectty.'Dra. / sffi&s^
Fliores" new system of HOME TREATMENT makes tt easy to *et 1
expert advice and treatment at home. Their n*w symptom blank rVr MfxWrJ!/'
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to dlairnoie J^f-'h^mflyi
your case and tell you what your troubla U. wh at can be <ion« for JC^SpjB&Ktit fSjr
you. and what the cost of a cure will be. WRI TE If you cannot <^T s jSS7**^J^
call for their ni>w symptom lift and tak» advan tn«i» of tfc* i'lifg \>9f-Pyy?^f
EXAMINATION. Whether you Uk« treatmect or not. th» ad- . •
v5c« costs you no thins;/ ¦ Bi. Q. W. S&mx
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
o^d.^^^ui^Y^'rinc.r:^.^ SO^B^^ E fl wnen D^'cl k rea. R^ a -
Wi taww'pwwn our sWH la «urta« WANT TO CCRK.TOU wtth th« dUrinct
CHRONIC diseases by publlshiwr the man/ £" d ' rstaI Y? ln * thal we wtl1 not «» e o»an(»' a
voluntary testimonials tram home ' ptopl*. ** r ' « at » w « ««* '<»»• This .«fpUm to
«lvins; names, pictures an.1 addresses. Lo«» Manhood. Seminal Weakness. Sper-
Vc Can't ; Publish Our Cures In PrVs^u^i.nVS^ur.^"^ %,£*
Private Diseases : ¦
I>ee«os« It would betray confidence. Here* men.
we have to prove our skill In this class ot OFFICE HOURS: O a, m. to 4:30 p. nv:
troubi** In another way. This la our plan- Kver.ings 6:30 to 8: Sundays 10 a. m. to IX
Drs^ Shores S. Shores; Expert Specialists, 933 s^ 3^^,^*^,
I ; ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Ban F'rancUco. Suaday* 11 October. 1003.
'/ yf J £)* x >^\
Sk && 5^ h* ri&tZ^ rL^Sv
Finished golden color and designed for comfort-
Has a saddle-shaped seat and rests oa easy runners. *A'^
new pattern and a good one.
Same rccker in mahoganized birch also at £6". 50*
jpllllllfi ..A .stirring rug event — Monday morning 'til Wed-
nesday night. Axrainsters in two popular sizes priced
to induce quick buying. No telephone or mail orders
will be filled and no more than three rugs will be sold
to any one buyer.
Here are the sizes followed by prices — both special
and regular. Absolute savings in etch instance, and
not only a few cents, either.
Size 27 by 54 inches, regular price $2.75 — Special
prxi $1.95
Siz^ 56 by 72 icches, regular price £4.00— Special
price $2.95
Positively for three cays only — Monday, Tuesday ;
and Wednesday. See them in the west window to-day ;
' \ . - i ' -^V-"
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco;','¦¦¦¦-' .. ¦ \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, ;1903.
25
I Annual Sale medium and High &i*ade Furniture
x __ . __. ' m sy* i» - ¦- ' • ' ' ¦
i > j>^ v ,;^. J .. 4 g| . We are determined that every purchaser of good lines of furniture and carpets \^Hj ife^^^^!^SlL£ \
> rr^^^^Sirf LT^iH I c f S - — ji fe^Mifi^^fi' in San Francisco a "d vicinity shall know what a choice stock of this class of goods (¥4r-^*-^l
i '^^^^^0 [^f^^^S^^^^ We - Carry an - d re ° uIarIv seI1 for far Iess than simila r goods can be bought for in ex- . yj^^^pSs^^L^^ ifH^^^^C'
t M^^^>fTl<^^^ -"^M ti7 5il Woaffioro/1 ilii IV I « k M ». r*I.«V. * * tf^i*7C w iggg^Bsm t T hrgs -Piece Parlor Svlt (« above) — The soft 59 inches long; a very el e-
i Three-Wecc Bedroom Suit-As above, handsome quarter-sawed golden lS|j| "^ !!« M V; ! 1 « ' ' O^^ll iant massive ,uit in the modern Renaissance atyle. The frame i. beaud:
I oak, highly polished, the best of cabinet work and finish, the bed, M WWm W& ™ ManOgaOy Colonial Style DreSSlflg Table $37.50 4ife\ A W M7 graincd ' solid Cubaa maho S* n 75 & c uvnnp arc fin:Iy executed
I dresser and wash stand, regularly $68.50, for |-^ | \% |1 . |§ff /|j| $182.50 3-piece Weathered Oak Library Suit $155 50 i 1 h^ 1 gainpI " oi wood 8Cul P ture; v "y fincjt novcIt J r silk &172 ezn
i thissa!e •••¦•¦ &O4.&W Mm-Wm 5|i $52.50 Antwerp Oak China Cabinet Buffet , $39.60 covcring - ° ur ° riginallow pri " 5 "° redu " d to * w '* aau : .
i *-^~^33B3l^m? m ! cry Hand " i«i »ffi ill 7 - 50 Weathered Oak Writing Desk, now . S35.N IP^pSH an example of our xffffffev
J' @ @ H E"ab!: C than mthC If PS hBf '' U Weatherc^ 0^ k China popular Mission design, |^^^^B|j|| handsome sample of our [3^^^^^^^^. Lg
t "'-"^ * 6 7-5°. ll^^^^^^: ': Golden Oak Chiffonier— Made of select quarter sawed wood, l^^^^^SM 81Ze onl X' the s P indIcs in l^tS^^l
*: QJp iaS^^ST^^ reduced for this (^ i ffl « Un<l1 6;^ feet high, his large swinging mirror, French beve'ed plate, 24x26 "" «^C^W oval are all brass, OUrreg- '*' v -^' X$3 ?%l A > l«ipr*W^t'i ''^^
*: Uji^ sale to ' Q[ inCh "' '' X r °° my dr * Weri ' re 8 ularl y *55-oo, cut &>Ji'& Of} V M ular low P" ce S3°- oo » " H Q'' ; «^!'iPvX^
I Bv«ct-SFle G nt"p O e^ OdT AHHUBi Safe \ Of I^^^^M
j imen of the Louis XVI ! EN^^^^^^^^^^S ' ) & M B 19 &to B 'grnii • * v lil^^^^^^^^^^Pw^ chair> '* u htir 8tuffcd '" nd u ?-
f snie, 6 feet in width, | X > . tiF§B$ffl&B BSBPS&SbS* nS£BB+ttM3iW6& WS^^^^^^^Sk hohtercd with b«t »f«p. «¦¦
| immense size French %^^^^^^^m MnSB^BB  M tiMWIWS %&*8B JW«fI^ E^^^^^^l
I S ed of pIa !he m verv P^^^^^^S The beSt quaHtieS manufactured ' Our entire stock to select from, and there is' SoM
? fine^ au-rter sawed lliH S nOthing old in this stock ' New desi^ ns for P arl °^ reception rooms, libraries, dining .pte^^^^jf «? l *> J« »«J» 7* u.
J EeSy $ S feipl^^^l -oms bedrooms, halls and stairs and an abundance of them. °' |^^^^^ . SS^^ S^fiS
t -, pH to • p^Ms^^^^^* 11^^ \ Observe the regular prices that we quote below, and compare them with the f'^^^^^^^^m drawcrs - with gIa " p u1Is - hindt
i if * I Prices you have been quoted by exclusive carpet houses for the same identical <iT 7 cow
J. §128mQQ f ( goods. Then note the deep price cutting for this sale. ' -v - . y^^^^sa^aa"*^' 1^^^ . . .» ' " $98*75
| Mahosany Bed Davcnport-The carving carefully executed 5 We will sew, line and lay these carpets without extra charge. . ¦• •(f^^-S
J in the Renaissance style: it is 80 inches long and 33 A . M^ . ; Thfc Magnificent DesK— Solid gold- «|^^^W ' w'
I inches wide when closed; when opened as a bed it Wilton Axminsters, regularly $2.25 yard, for . .-.. . . . ... . $1.86 en oak> exact match for library 1^^^ I
$ iS 72 inches long inside and 48 inches Wide. Filling Royal Bundhar, regularly $2.10yard, for ... . ... .....'. $1.65 I taWe pictured elsewhere in this ad.rEliza. fl % \
i fh is all Of the finest Bigelow Axminsters, regularly $1.90 yard, for . ... ... . .$1.78 ( bethan design, swell front drawers, all B|l R
X 'r'fe'^^^^4^i»g|g5fe>^te^ Curled hair* SOlid R ° ya! Wilton VeI vets, regularly $1.65 yard, for- ; ...... .$1.37 , \ hand carved work, it measures 40 inches r . t JSS '¦
I HBKggg^. 1 : 85 ':--.-.--/:^ '-' c - tl: °---^ 7 : 50^^W
t fej^S^ia^as&i^^S^^fi shed he! Utifullv Bigelow, Lowell, Royal Wiltons, regularly W.OO yard, for ... $2.6O . Golden Oak- DrcSSer-AsplCtUrea,
i M0M^m$M0m Was S M fro m sa, n pU, Coots tote sMpp ci fr, m N cw York. CfS^c^cSS'
t ite^Pi^l S12 °° a Sa ' e Prke ¦ *">«»'* B- Wl re TaP estry Brusseis, 73c yard £~i"£"tj- S
x\ $89.25 [ Let us quote you prices for Window Shades. . -¦ -w. : -57?-.5<>. reduced g£Q m JQ 3
| Have You Joined Th® Emporium's Es%$sy®i@p$®sliB® SSflMEs'P
$ We are offering Chambers' New Encyclopsedia—the Autograph Edinburgh and American^Edition— the latest and the very best— 10 massive volumes— 200,000 subjects— |*
$ brought up to 1903— for much less than regular published price and on wonderfully easy terms. A set would make a superb Christmas gift. Every family should have it.
J ONE DOLLAR BRINGS COMPLETE SET TO YOUR HOME. Full particulars by mail, or see the books in our Book Department. v ___^
! The Demonstration 85c Silks 58c W^¥^ ' Millinery Mew Fall Suits
I of Nemo Corsets uun^T'Zs™ EE new . s i«c at *~ -^=« iS«fe^ $16.75 and $25.00
X -» - mn . llUMUICUa Ul ydlUb OI UeaUUIUI neW SllK at l^^Wvml f«tur« and jcm P on,-madc of silks, velvet and taf- .
x Begins Monday special sale to-morrow. The assortment includes f^cagMJ^* feta siik -in the popular Tioiet color, or brown, or . Two moderately pneed Runabout
i The two great systems of Nemo Mdv the new Peau de Rex so stylish for evening wear [ W ¦ b:ue ' or black> or ca$tor fe 5 q'5 I S* _,.^^ slt^/rLi^t/SSt
I SSu^SlS: a r nd Sl th n e e^// \ "f anrPeaS^fSmu^^ ......... . . .^^^S^^^-SI^SO ' j3T Pre«y^e//i,o Dross-
J- Reducing System, for stout ¦ >? ¦ V ana reau oe Armures. In the lot. you will find • • ' f 1^'"^ ft/ "" /VaV es-B^e, brown, green or black
*: women will be fully exploited by &8^K§ SUCh desirabI e COlonngS as French Buven-Trimmed with wings, q »nb and soft fold, of ,-lk-th-. »«;r'"«J -^C tVVVv —the three-quarter coat ctjle with
X ' .. T ..• '. ?*•. • * t J \ ,.¦'.! d j ... sailor shapes . .... . . . . . . . . . . . . ... • . . • • 5J»aO if/A \««? O W t. i *. , ••_: •
x t an expert corsetiere, who will be tall , f <m \ wt™ Reseda Tan Rose ¦ . •if\"~ \y\\ -nnaned even length skirts, a inn we
i h^re during this demonstration to FI0uR^^c. V£- -^i^ \ \ iV u Ma L* Brown Goblin Children's and Misses' Hats— Bearers, Ftench^ felts, shaggy effects and stitched brms /f |L\\ \*§. °. . tre confident you cannot duplicate
I assist our regular force of fitters. /^W .1 ThMe g T! ,„ ' „ , , , Etc. ;........ v ; . — ;: . 95c to $2.5O ¦ /if|fek\\|u/ elsewhere under ,
J She will be glad to Consult With (S^lf %j f%/ «' " !ks "? "m j ,! !" 1C " thaD 75 ° Children's Trimmed Hat, -Large bow, of ribbon and fold, of v^ and fished with {H«fil $20.00; Empor- fi? — ff
S every woman as to the require- MtS fe%W 85c per yard, Monday, your choice at. . . . . .,. . OW pretty steel buckle. ... ..... $3.95 and $5.00 \K\^|lfS fam price . . . . f O» 7O
»; merits of her figure,, and suggest J 1 hip "— ' ...... ... ' — — —*¦ — — : — qr — ; — \&M Wm Forth* woman who ivisJus apret-
t the proper Nemo model. y X f'£&L |\ IHriE&B&tl€&&*B/r*5hffa8g± *£# a *rmff Qinff^mr* *-*.& J^ m a km*& tm m j»*i «0» B9m&S— (Vnk\ hYfy 1 ty tailor costume, exclusively her
X The latest inventions in Nemop'^ $§£?\ |\ "*"*"*** ****** MIS. &fJG€*i3xt vafGo QW %*%*!* *€M M n&y DGU m . J^jMj J " own. we. show, only one of each style
I li^^^K^Hiiffi SI Linens/ and Other Household Supplies ' WX ¦ SlBt^2
J. new Fail i fashions demand a grace- S^M-jC 3? In conjunction with the great furniture sale which begins Monday we offer some unmatchable Ji l[\ \ \^rf^AlTZ?^ ?^
I S^lo^rlili T°h^ m nol/F^^^y\ curtains, draperies, bedding,. linens, etc. This sale begins: Monday and continues during week • \ - |\ -.S^^n^S^^
*: only fit to perfection, but they' ; J^ ! \\ fi£/ ) quantities last. All are high class dependable goods, specially priced : fqr' this unusual selling. . /jfm f \ \\ modeled thrce-qoarter Military Bioose '
I S n^, a C Ct r^.^r^ »( • Curtains-Portieres . Blankets, Uhens, Etc. ; | Tff : V |%^J£^1^J^ A "^ :
i miU m-pr the fitnirp V" i t^^^X w . • . / $3.50 White Blankets -Good Wool, Eastirn make, a Lttle cotton in the warp that / ' //// Y\ » \ ect l 7 mo del luit combined Style and
fc makeo\er the SDBUre. _ 1 S }- c - 0WCUT \ W f hw "cured hundred pair, of heary new style «pe,try portiere, from . prerent, linkage, «ze 63x80 inches; for thii «Ie. pair ... V. O -ii V // \\\ V>!!^ ° « A J7
K The Self Reducing XX Jobb " who wa$dosin § out thil brinch of h! « busine » « P ri «« whi «*. «nawi u. to ...... . .; &Z.7& l! -\_^^M Jx " ' h J f $25*00
J System L m * kc y° u the » vI ng» noted below. These go^ds are strjedy ¦ up-to-date ' in the most $10.00 Mission Blankets— Frcm the fainpus Golden Gate Mills; /cne; - J9g% " ' < ~ LX^^^ $3 O . OO » hzze or •
$ d «'»We coloring and fringed top and bottom. Beginning Monday and during week: of their b«t grades^ for this w!e, pair :. V. 7 ....... T— — - » - !
The Figure Building I ( $3 '°° Pornere$ * ' ¦• • • * usa * *»°-°° erc 57.55 P r . ,............;.............. $12.50 . ¦• _ ¦¦ f fcfMW e »f« -
J System \\^JPk\W FRONT l4.5°.PortJ«es ..... 52-0*9 pr Portieres. . .>.;50.*95pr Good 'ComforterJ-Solidly V^. white ' filled, hwvy weight;serTi«ablej" o _ r AnJiStOn/SMnffifaiO
* CcmF'«s a tcnei ;ot corset specialties made \fy/'NtllS $5.00 Portieres $3,38 pr Pcnieres . $11.85 V for tha tale -each . ..... . . . .' ..-....; &OG . An immense purchase of fine Swiss, cambric tnd nainsook embroideries, direct
i k*ig^ts^ JS.5S /^% stjzz; ¦ ¦ ¦¦ **¦**>• «-5.°-— |l!*^^ ; i^^^^^^^^.:? d :^ t%-!^j^^^ p !^-^/^«^tw^
fc' — — — ¦— —^i— —^"^i^i— — — — — — i^-— — «i^— ¦» 3 : . . . ........ 52I.O5 Pf ,1. j > « 1' tv - u'. .-1 . , n ..,.J m.l,, «,;tK n 'vn OS* The assortment includes hundreds of new, perfect and pretty pattern*
$ 6 Style Corset Covers ™.^\™!^r^^^^i^;..' Q to"en^h! y^.^ $1.95 v.-ib^c^-in.^-.^.i,^^
* . Those that were lae.oo pair . ... . *i/i atz '¦ ' * ¦ - , .. ' , 1fir» ne*f vH nimiitv will lit* Iif
5 j Big Values at Little PHceS Th<« that were J,|.boL ....*.'.' ' ' ' ' Sla f i TaWo Damaslr -The real bleached German mercemedmakes, most attract- per yO. M^/W W11 / ° 6 * * C
t r Laiies- French Style Co»et Cover, of fine nainsook, fidl /rent, trimmed with Those that were Jxa.oo pair .' [ ' m '. V ' .' .* J /J J . . ,1^23 incheV wide inuead of 6oc Varf I . J - . -»7O 25C P® F 9 UaHtieS Wl11 ?be 14C
J with ribbon, size, 3 a to 4 x. . . .. . S9O J ute Velour PortJerw-Doub'e faced; four rery fine pattern, and colon, pair 63 inches w:de| instead of 70c yard ..... fi^o 35C per yd. qualities Will be 19C
* Lad:a' French Style Corset Covers, fine nainsook, trimmed with wide Duchess ,"« «ry nne patterns and colors,. pa.r ..... aoxao Napkins, instead of $1.75 dozen. ... 5/»2«9 jn , 2 lt\ isxj Ml U«^X^
%' lace insertion, and lace edge, finished with beading and ribbon, all sires.. 986 •••,••••• • . • ... $38.00 aixia inch ,' Napkins "instead of $1.15 dozen. . .$1.48 4UC tO OlJC qualities Will UC XOC
I Ud Sh^c^i.cet«£o^^ JateV«loarT^leCov«r~Fo, Dining Room V 8-4^,4 p.«cm, «d' colorbg.; Wch . .^oWw^T^'i^^^/fiM flr^d^^te^T;; ;~^V^fe^i 65C tO 75C qualities Will be 33C
X tttinribbon allsres OOn >•--.. - . . $12.00 b cached Turk ; sh; one lot double twwt ecru Turkish; aU at one price, and all much _ < *• >
t LacS^r^Cot;, I'e nzin^oJc, r^nmei with o'roW oV (aci 1^*5 Mercerized Portiere,- Almost like silk, pair ... , $ 7M0 . $8.00 S9OO -Rvalue; -each - . . . ; . ... .; . .-. ..... . V 23O 85C tO $1.25" QUahtieS Wlll^be 48C
»• laces^uares, full front and fitted back, neck trimmed with Uce edge and r , ,, .-. . D . , N \L,' r '^x t, • T*'' €/ * /^?r; YH^ ,.; 18.lnch}Huck Jowellnj --Fully bleached, aU white; yard . .... . . . . . 6X? " " ' " , ' " '
Jf ribbon 1 . 7. . .v. ...$1.25 Co'o^lrUh Point Novelty Curtains-Pa:, . $W.OO, 5#/.OO,;$fJ.O0: ;$^^^ /»««^--f-*» AM #f # /rtff/>^ C
V Led ies* French Corset Cover— Fine nainsook, tucked back, 6 rows of fine lace Arabian Lace Bed Sets— Each . . • < '. : .;.. . "'.' . ; . $18,00 $2OmOO 8 1x90 inches; instead of 60c, each .......:. 4WO %Mnw2fSri%38 SMiiU Ui§U%tr&
X irj^don, M-idi dainty tucks between each row of lace, neck trimmed with „ P _. , . " ' --jJMgS ' ' * ' ¦ For single beds, 54x90 inches, instead of 45c eich. . . 36O O«-^*« JtiT«.. a *f n » Omm^i/'>/<»
5 L.^^t'T^^^^V^ ¦•¦;',•.¦¦¦.;. v^'- 38 n « F " n ™"- Th ; latMtd^ e « h -- $e.oo to $10.60 puow b^-^i^^^^i^^v : ,^ft-:^,5; r---7"^«P Some Monday Specials
$ S^£^S^S^^^S'SS!i^'l^ Satin D.ma,kPUnoDr.p«-Each. . ...... . . . $BA0, $7.50 Uo 200 BOXBS Kirk's White Russian Soap-Tht
X embroidery *t waist line, finished with rbbon . . ... 77 .. $1.69 Huvy Rope Portlew- AU colorv each*. . . -v .; . . ; . ;. . /..-.•. . $7.50 Pillow ; Ca$«-Extra 1^7-50x36 tochei, instead of i7#c eact, for thU sale. . 14o finest quality Uundxy.soap made, retail* in Other,$torc3 at s cent*
jSr '¦ : ' ' ' - — ' -•-•¦•¦ - ¦ ___________£_2___________2_^^ ' "'' per bar, our price Monday and while supply lasts
j: $1.OO Framed Pictures 72c '¦' : „ tou' *mw jtrrf* : ; h sOo boxofioo bars $3.40
* Monday only your choice of many daintily colored pastoral Tt T f S^ -/' A" Special Sale Goods RoytT f^-^^^ ? J^S
J scents and landscapes— some ofthe prettiest parlor, 'sitting and din. Opened by KeSpOH- JHff Ordered by ' Mail or Lucca' Oll-Cross'e &B:ackwell\ qt. Kentucky. Belle Bourbon-fuU quart
v sible Parties. Apply Telephone Will Not d^^^-^c^fS
x 1 ney arc mounted on black matt, in handsome gilt frames and brass loUur Credit ~~fb\ irnnrilf\ ~ 'i'nfl'1 I I IT : mmsji-J' 11 /^ * cartons, 3 for: /.... .«5o McMaUln's Porter— White Label, do..' TOPEKA, '. Oct 10.— Dr.^ J. i C. .; BrWnfl«id,"
who figured ¦ In the i Jessie 'Morrison " case ¦ at i El
Dorado as a witness . for., the ; defendant,; and
was . afterward prosecuted on a charge of per
jury,, will have to go to the penitentiary. The
Supreme Court , to-day •¦ affirms the decision of
the ' court . below, * which ; sentenced • Brownfleld
to the State prison for seven yearn. .
, MANILA, Oct. lO.^-Bx-Lieutenant Ruck
er, who has been convicted of being 'short
in money belonging to the commissary de
partment under his ' charge, - has : in addi
tion to .being .- dismissed - from ; the ' army
been sentenced by the court to imprison
ment in Jail for one year.* C» */•.••«
Bucker Sentenced to Prison.
MANILA, Oct. 10.— The steamer Victo
ria, on which the defaulting officials Her
man and Johnson made their escape from
Cagayan, Mindanao, has returned to that
port without the fugitives. Arming them
selves with rifles, revolvers and carrying
a supply of provisions, they took to the
woods. when Nerroe, an Island of the Vis
rdjas group, was reached. The captain
reports that when the missing officials
ordered him .to make a landing at Ba
yauan, in Negros Oriental, for water
and fuel, he ran the vessel ashore and
told them It would take several days to
float her. Upon learning this the men at
once proceeded to load up with supplies
of food, ammunition ' and money and
itarted for Negros Occidental. •'
The captain aays further that the presi
dent of Bayauan refused to arrest the
fugitives wben asked to do . so, and that
by this time they, must have attained ¦¦ a
long start ahead of the pursuing officers
and are probably now "well into the moun
tains. Reinforcements, will at. once be"
dispatched from " Hollo to" join in the
ucarcb for the runaways.
Herman and Johnson
Are in Mountains
of Negros.
DEFAULTERS QUIT
STRANDED SHIP
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The Financier
says: One notable feature of the official
statement . of the New York Associated
Banks last week was the unexpected net
increase of $2,739,800 in cash, an amount
not only much' greater than that which
was looked for as the result of the trace,
able movements of* money for the week,
but a little over $1,000,000 more than the
total of the estimated gains -in cash for
the fortnight. So great a discrepancy In
this Item of cash cannot be accounted for
on the theory that it was due to the aver
age system, and therefore it must be,at
tributed to the derangements of the bank
statement Incident . to the merger last
week of the Western National Bank of
the United States with the National Bank
of Commerce, which merger also tended
to derange other items in the statement.
The loans were increased by tho insig
nificant sum of $135,400, whereas more de
cided changes were expected. Deposits
increased only $400,700, an amount less by
$1,276,000 than the sum of Increase In loans
and* the net gain* in deposits, this sum
calling for. an Increase of $1,576,700 in the
last named Item. Therefore the'statemeht
did not balance. ':"¦
The reserve required as the result of
the gain in deposits was $100,175, deducting
which from the net gain ; in cash left
12,639,625 as the increase in the' surplus re
serve of $16,577,125. This is not only great- 1
er, by $15,048,775 than the surplus of a year
ago, but larger by almost ! $10,900,000 than
that . recorded ; In the week ' of- last year
corresponding with the current week, 'and
only $1,200,000 less than the surplus, on
October ' 25, 1902, when the ¦ reserve began
to-be decidedly affecfed by. the relief
measures which had , then , been ~ ; in
augurated by Secretary Shaw. Computed
upon the basis. of deposits, less those of
KC.5G9.300 of public funds, the surplus now
is $25,794,450. The : circulation increased
•40,100. 8BS8VS9SSBBB[
The; daily average [ot clearings for the
Statement of the Associated Banks
Furnishes Surprises.
LARGE INCREASE IN CASH.
Evans, resigned; Albert Haffenden. Wood
stock. Multnomah County, vice Minnie R.
Collins, resigned.
Navy orders: Lieutenant C. F. Snow, to
the Petrel: Lieutenant W. P. Cronan,
from the Alert to Petrel; Assistant Sur
geon C. H. Delancey, from the Hancock
to the Petrel. <
Army orders: Leave of absence granted
to Captain Francis C. Marshall, Depart
ment of California, extended to Decem
ber 31 next; Major Ogden Rafferty, gur-
capitalization of corporations is one \ of
the least heinous offenses found in the
list laid at the doors of the leaders of
the great inflation of the last few years.
False representations of .values and
earning power, reckless diversion . of
credits of institutions to promotion pur
poses and secret ! pooling agreements to
assure the first market for the securities
of insiders under manipulation of paid
market managers are j some of the . inci
dents brought within the range ; of the
charges. The result has^ been a feeling of
profound distrust. among the whole ,. class
of shareholders In new industrial securi
ties and suspicion of motives and methods
in quarters which have been followed
with ' unmixed ' confidence. The force of
these considerations has been 'sufficient to
overcome any favorable factors. -in the
situation. : .The ' dread ; of a. 1 money: strin
gency has definitely passed away and ' a
growing activity '. In the market. for mer
cantile paper has ' followed, relieving any
fears of a contraction of i supplies for
regular commercial I purposes. Borrowers
who have supplied themselves .with extra
funds in fear of stringency find their pre
cautions unneeded and are reloaning, thus
relaxing the extra demand and leading to
freer offerings by regular traders. The
progress of the crops . has been ¦ favorable
and a freer movement has been , reflected
in the traffic reports Z of the great rail
roads and in the supplies In the exchange
market V ,. '.,-. .... . . >.
Railroad earnings ' show decisive in
crease In the net return.'ln spite of large
increases in • expenses, ¦ largely ' due to
higher wages, ; according , to the i showing
in the annual reports of a number of rail
road presidents. r.'HJ^S
,',These factors, have only availed partly
to offset the feeling of disapproval with
which the incidents in the promotion field
are viewed. • . . - .-
The bond market ' has reflected the
growing ease in the money market in
Borne , revival of : investment - demand •¦ tot
a good grade 'of railroad bonds. United
States twos, threes and old fours declined
\i per cent each from the closing bid last
week.' , i. '. ¦.-.,..¦-.¦ " '.¦.¦;.." _ - V
of- interest to, people
op; the pacific coast
Several .New Postmasters Appointee 1
_ and Army, and Navy Orders
-Issued.-
WASHINGTON; Oct. 10. — Postofflc*
name — "California — Kelsey., E
Dorado County, to Slatlngton.
'- Postmasters commissioned— California-
Harry E. Martin, Hobart . Mills; Jame!
McGraw? Slatlngton'; Loran W. Traver
Little Rock.
'¦'Fourth-class postmasters' appointed-
Calif ornia^-Harry/ ¦ C. v Phares, Cecilville
Siskiyou ; County, 1 i vice Thomas B. Mark
ham. ,- resigned. „ Oregon— Britt . Aapinwall
Brooks, Marion . County, vice William' G
geon. is orered from, San Francisco to
Fort Monroe. Va.
Philippine Currency ~BVH,
MANILA, Oct. lO.-JTha Philippine
Commission has passed a currency bill
which provides for the creation of a gold
standard fund In the Insular treasury to
maintain the parity of the Philippine peso
with the gold standard peso. It also pro
vides for the establishment of a currency
bureau.
:; The changes in loans compared with the
previous week, other ¦ than those of ¦, the
Bank of Commerce, . showed - a : net ; . In
crease by , flve banks of ¦'. $1,400,000. .The
changes in 'cash by. these ! five institutions
Indicated a net loss of $l,700,000. v
week was $186,000,000, against $231,000,000 in.
the previous week, ' when the . clearings
were augmented by the October 'settle
ments. .
- Tho banks .merger above noted : resulted
in an Increase of $15,000,000 In the capital
of the Bank of : Commerce and a gain of
$441,000 in the surplus, of $7,408,600 in loans,
of 413,295,700 in specie, of $3,404,400 in legal
tenders and of $52,299,600 in . deposits, car
rying the latter to $109,411,400,, the loans,
specie, t legal tenders and deposits ,' being
taken : over ; from the Western National
Bank of the United States. 1 ,,
Governor Dockery, who arrived to-day
from Jefferson City, to-night made the
following statement : concerning . ,W." A.-
Morrow, his private - stenographer, who
has been indicted " in connection with
charges of naturalization frauds.
I shall not ask for Mr. Morrow's resignation,
and I would not accept it if tendered. I have
known him for years and for nearly three years
I have been in intimate and confidential rela
tions with him. There haa not been an act,
a word or hint by him during that time incon
sistent with the highest sense of personal and
public honor and rectitude.
Of the facts Involved I have no personal
knowledge, but I have a strong: and abiding
faith and conviction that he is innocent of the
charge against him.
charging fraud in connection with the
naturalization of foreigners during the
election of 1900 were, returned yesterday,
were arraigned before Judge Adams of
the United States Circuit Court to-day.
Both entered pleas of not. guilty. Mor r
row's bond was fixed at $22,000. JohnS.
Elliott of Booneville, Harvey W. Salmon
of Clinton and F. J. Wade of St. Louis
qualified as sureties. Morrow- came to
St. Louis from Jefferson City to-day vol
untarily.
Barrett, who was already under indict
ment on the charge'of abetting.naturaliz
ation frauds, was required to give an ad
ditional . bond of $24,000. This bond was
signed by Murray Carelton, president of
the St. Louis Transit Company, immedi
ately after the bonds were certified.
Judge Adams took charge of the indict
ments, notifying the clerk that under no
circumstances must their contents be
made public. The trial of Morrow was set
for. November 3. Barrett will be -tried
about the same time.'*
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 10.— W. A. Morrow,
confidential secretary of -Governor Dock
ery, and Thomas E. Barrett, former mar
shal of the St. Louis Court of Appeals,
against each of whom three Indictments
Morrow and Barrett Re
leased Under Heavy
Bonds.
INDICTED MEN
ARE ARRAIGNED
This spirit of irritation over conditions
of promotion and flotation is enormously
aggravated - by the disclosures contained
in the testimony In regard to the United
States Shipbuilding fiasco. The tone of
much of the discussion in the neighbor
hood of the Stock Exchange during the
past -week has been of i a bitterness and
scope that Wall street heretofore has re
garded as . narrow and prejudiced when
coming from outside surces. Heavy over-
But the prevailing topic In- Wall^ street
has been the irritation and disgust of
shareholders over; the developments re
garding the properties. in which they have
embarked their money, leading . them to
abandon hope of better conditions and to
throw ever their holdings for what they
would bring. The reduction of 'the divi
dend on United States Steel from 1 per
cent to a 2 per cent basis was the first of
these developments. The long downward
course of this stock in the market seemed
a sufficient intimation of what was to
come. But the fact' remains that a com
mon expectation In speculative circles
was disappointed, as it was supposed that
the retention of the dividend involved a
policy connected with the formation of
the corporation which would not be de
parted' from while funds were available
for the distribution. The wisdom of this
policy 'came in for criticism when the
corporation announced its bond issue and
the necessity for Increased working cap
ital which prompted the bond issue. In
view of the partial failure of the bond of
ferings and the marked decline reported
in the rate of net earnings and the heavy
decrease in the unfilled orders on hand
compared with last year's corresponding
quarterly statement, the wisdom of the
present' dividend -reduction is generally
conceded by disinterested financial crit
ics.
The enormous. market shrinkage in the
steel securities and the final outcome in
the dividend reduction r gives rise to dis^
gruntled complaint of t the original ' divi
dend payments as bearing on'stock'mar
ket* exigencies as much as on financial
SHIPBUILDING FIASCO.
OUTPOURING OF r SECUBITIES.
Developments during the week have re
sulted in a new outpouring of securities
on the market and an almost entire pa
ralysis of demand- for the stocks most
largely pressed for sale. The effect has
been a' renewal in the feeling of depres
sion and gloom which always gathers over
W&H street in a period of declining prices.
The liquidation has been of a most dif
ferent character from that of the recent
last,' which "was manifestly forced by
financial necessities due to 'the failure to
find a market for many of the new secur
ities formed out of recent promotion pro-
Ject*. This week the selling is attributed
to distrust on the part of the holders
over the Industrial outlook and over the
future earning. power of share- Incorpora
tions. There has been an occasional ac
count liquidated which seemed .to be
caused by the maturing of • a", loan on
v;hich extension could not be had and f or
wb;ch the collateral therefor came upon
the market. ,
The contest was wholly professional and
not based on any news so far as. known.
London helped the depression here some
what and sold stocks moderately. Fears
are entertained there that next week's
Stock Exchange settlement may uncover
some embarrassment. The tone of the
weekly trade reviews is somewhat con
servative and reflected the state of doubt
which has been caused by the reduction
in United States Steel dividends and the
decline in profits in the iron and steel in
dustries. - The reports of weekly . bank
clearings show sharp contractions as a
whole compared with the corresponding
week of last "¦ year. But in the analysis
it is found that the decrease Is wholly
due to shrinkage 'in New York, Boston
and Philadelphia, the four other leading
cities showing considerable increase and
the average for all other cities a small
increase. The market stemed encouraged
by the bank statement and rallied mo
mentarily. The increase in cash was con
siderably larger than expected. But the
statement Is so complicated by the mer
ger operations of the National Bank of
Commerce and the Western National as
to throw It out* of balance. It is Inferred
from tho small loan change that com
mercial borrowing has kept pretty steady
pace with the llauidation on the Btoc't
market. . The market closed easy and
quite active.
-NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— Demand for
stocks was apathetic to-day and left the
market vulnerable to very light selling,
and there seemed to be a professional con
test in the late dealings. The party of
reaction centered their attack on United
States preferred, 'forcing It down 2% to 69.
This, stock sold* at 58%" last ¦ month, but
otherwise never' sold before as low as
to-day's price. The . party favoring | sup
port in the market seemed most active
In Amalgamated Copper. That stock re
sisted the ' eeneral depression and' .was
marked up at one time 1% over last night..
There was some systematic buying also
of Chicago and Alton.
Reduction of Dividends of
Steel Trust Adds to
Depression.
Sharehol Aers Disgusted
Over Shipbuilding •
Disclosures.
STOCK DEMAND
IS APATHETIC
THE SAK -EEANCISCO, CALL, SUKDAV. OCTOBER, 11, 1903.
TSACRAMEXTO. Oct. 10.— -Governor Pardee
this aitrrnoon appointed Prank ' L. Caughley
and T. L. Weldon directors of the Forty-fifth
Axri cultural District, Mendodno County. ¦
26
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
((wsmmaBfy
Breaks Up Crip and
A Common Cold is taken by the skin be-
coming: colder than' Is natural. The In-
stant .a chilly sensation is felt the mis-
chief la done: but It can always be, recti-
fied so that no appreciable 111 . results will
by. the immediate use' of^DrJ
Humphreys' "Seventy-Seven*; restoring;
the" checked clrculatlon.startingr'the blood
coursing ¦- through the ..veins , and •^break-
Ing up"! . the ; Cold. This ; may be hastened
by taking some form of * gentle "exercise
or.' work, - and continuing; it until a,;pef-.
spiration . is f Induced/ manifested by ¦'»
sllKht moisture on ¦ the , forehead.
. "77" cures Grip, Colds,\ Influenza, Ca-
tarrh, Pains 'and Soreness in the liead and
chest, t Hoarseness, ; Sore Throat, t General
Prostration arid -Fever.. V, ''\ . ¦. '." .
,'5 The ; persistent use of "TV', will break up
a Cold that hangs on and has. not yielded
to v other - treatment. ,." r '•
; '¦* The tonlclty of *,T7? 'sustains the system
and the -vitality., n ' ; .
. ."77" is* a small ; vial of ; pleasant; pellets
that ¦; fits , the^yest ! pocket,' ever arid
ready, prepared^ to ~i take/*: /. , ¦'¦'¦ ;~r _. -, '. .
¦i - At ¦ Druggists', 25 _ cents, . or - mailed; , I
,.-, Humphreys'. Medical , Co., corner William and I
streets, N.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . - - -¦ ; ¦ /- . - ; • - . , ;
Stylish Fall Garments
' sit UnmateHabie Prices
S>J!!j*£?zitf.\, Modes and fabrics, cut and finish, trimmings and tailoring all con-
/y>Vvf»*jr! * ' sidcred, there have never been more striking or more stylish mod-
S^2f els shown than those we have selected this season for you. Every
\ 'Zsi~~^F s *$t?*^\. novelty worth consideration, and every really desirable design
\ *^S .Cw JrlHsli TW ' ias fo un d a place in our salesroom. Suits, skirts, jackets, coats and
iWV*^SSfl^ ' wa i sts at unmatchable prices. Specials for this week include:
llm/r/ w*X$\ ' A«f aa'Is the price this week for tailor-made " suits that are
X\mi' /; 'jfX> \ V/K l||l worth $30.00. They are made of best, quality, cheviot.
llat/^T \\ *\^ VW»"" There are two different styles; one is the blouse style
me)>^^* N \ %, ft—* with the long coat effect and cape over the shoulder; arid ; the other
Vi!M ! \ lV^LIr is the tight-fitted back with fly front coat 27 inches long; colors are
mW A\^^5 black and naVy blUC# - ;iP," • ¦
<l\ i\\ l\ fMA PA s e p " ce th ' s wcc^ on walking suits that are worth
llltt IVq m I HklU Kjl at least $25.00. They are made of fancy Tweed Mixtures,
nVxi S tJll7«t/W j n assorted styles, which include all the new, style ideas.
M l!v^^\im\ B The trimmings are new and neat. . ' .
I % li lilvi m make a specialty of large sizes in suits. .
\\ \- Awl ' * clllUI = lIlClVJC OEvII 13
/ jl • I t/m a- n a Is the price this week on dress skirts that could easily
/li j i fT \\ /ivfcV JkS (III for $7.06. They are made of fancy tweed mixtures, and
/ II \ V- I/vnV^V " SJJv«UV trimmed with bands of the same material. The cut is
v -fl.Jraft VvwT^^^ d*O A A * s *^ e P r ' ce IS week on dress skirts that could easily
\'"/»iir Ml (III $10.00. They are made of best quality^Black Cloth
S+^s c^S^A V«»"" and are trimmed with bands of peau de soie and silk or-
naments.
New Waists
a* ~- Is the price this week on waists that are £4 a a. Will be the price this week on regular $4.00
\\ -iK worth $175 They are made of fancy !K^ II II cheviot waists. They are made in pleats,
$l»VO. s triped cheviot with tucked yoke and W«vv forming the yoke, and have the Duchess
broad box pleat down the front, and trimmed with front. They arc trimmed with a double row of
large pearl buttons. •;- pearl buttons.
Dress Goods Specials Fancy Goods Specials
FIRST FLOOR FIRST FLOOR ;^\
The prices we quote below are for one week v v Splendid items from a stock that is complete in'
only. We sponge and shrink free of charge all every respect. Selections should be very easy.
dress goods bought at our store. . JV
£c Silk Finished Mohair, 45c a Yard. . Q/J Wool Novelties and Yarns.
This is a splendid wearing material for shirt We are showing in this section some new nov-
waists, petticoats and separate skirts. It is the ex- cities in Shawls arid Afghans, made in the latest
tra heavy iron frame weave, with very glossy fin- rainbow effect, of the best quality Zephyr. The stock
ish. The width is 46 inches, and there is a good of yarns comprises Saxony, Shetland Wool, Shet-
range of colors. land Floss, German Knitting Yarn, Gerrnantown,
$100 Black Zlbdlne Cheviot 59c a Yard. Zephyrs, Ice Wool, etc., in any shade you choose.
The stylish, hairy kind, extra heavy and all . Em h ro iderv Materials
wool. The width is 52 inches, and it is Ripley's : vj Embroidery Materials.
fast black. If you are interested in Indian Bead Work you
$1.00 Novelty Spot Zlbellnes, 69c a Yard. will be interested in knowing that we carry a
This is the swell material for long coat suits. It complete stock of beads looms etc. We also
- " '.'v, Z;*l ,nH tVn- rano-r of colorintrs in- have . embroidery and knitting silks, pompons; in
c S lu¥es n iight l^^^^§0^ir^. £**! everything necessary for any kind of fancy
Every thre at ?c fl Yaf(L 40c Swiss Tambour Scarfs, 23c Each.
Two lines of $1.50 novelties — They are 50 inches long, and the designs are all
56-inch long hair Zibelines, new colors. new. The edges are hemstitched or scalloped.
48-inch silk spot" Scotch Tweeds, all colors. .¦
Lace curtail special • ¦ • • . spe^aljijponierEs, .
flood vj-'ue at t'2 f>0 - . *" "^^^ M^^^"*^**** B^^^^Hfn J *-ij w^—...^^^^^*^'^^ Oriental effects.
e^lal thta^week. * «g^T|<Wt07-109POST ST. M " M^ gg TiglFifc ' Th| $3 klnd.|2^5
oecoooosoo •••••••••••••••••••••• «©oo oooeoojj
¦ HANDSOME == I
CHAMBER SUITS I
..;— . c
The very newest styles and designs. All new stock, in birdseve ma- •
pie, golden oak and mahogany, and at prices that cannot fail to please. •
Beautiful new goods in every line of furniture — parlor, dinine-room. 5
chamber and kitchen. A fine new line of Carpets in the latest patterns. $
Draperies, Rugs, Bedding and Stoves. We own our building, pay no ©
rent and give you the benefit in low prices and easy payments. Q
The J. NOONAN FURNITURE Co., I
1017-1023 Mission St., aft— . f
ooooooeeo«ooq«oeoooeo»Q3PCoeQaeoooeoe®goope
; ; j . ; t KEW ADVEBTiSEMENTS. _~
Within the Circle
OF YOUR ACQUAINTANCES
WHO 'ARE/THEY? THE REASON FOR IT.
In determining just who should use this new scalp The successive 1 stages of hair destruction extend
treatment you are apt to be fn error, unless you have over a great number 6f years, and the young man or
posted yoltrself and know that Prof. Unna, of Ham- young woman with abundant hair raay be harboring,
burg. Germany, discovered that dandruff, itching scalp onc - or a dozen, patches' of microbic growth, in the
and baldness are caused by a germ or parasite which " al P« * nd b .« wholly ignorant of it. Years maj- elapse
enters the sebacious glands of the hair follicles, where after the rai "obe enters the scalp before true dandruff
it sets up an inflamation. causing dry, brittle, or luster- fP p< V ars ; and ;. in fa .^' this appearance of dandruff is
operations deeper ,nto the hair follicle where it attacks Herpicide should be used promptlv and until the last
the haiT bulb and lastly the .papilla, from which the indication of microbic growth has disappeared. After
hair root receives its nourishment, after which chronic the dandruff has been cured and the falling hair
or incurable baldness will likely follow. Therefore, the stopped, Newbro's Herpicide should be used occasion-
persons who need the new antiseptic scalp germicide are ally to keep the scalp healthy and free from additional
not the hopelessly bald ones, but, practically, every microbic contagion, to which men, in particular, are
¦one else. Read the reason for this. . » ' liable.
ether. tlmlUrly «ffect«4 " $hfA J SSfeMtfJ AHSA B. UTTLfi, (Wc^vCoto.
MerpkMe. One b«ttle of It completely cared the <JUea»e, and I nowoieti but »nc«a week." ISignmS) W.A.SZtiOtCi. Dentist. Aabora. C*luV
It. lh«v»«lreBdypreacrifctdltln«nenib<r»fc«s«jM<lsh«JlconUaH«t»4»»«Uitl»«Joture." /»«»pcsjw*rai
¦'¦'' -- -__ " . iStyei} O.J.FUXEgTOfJ. M.D., Waterloo. I«w«.
»4 A Delizhtful HsJr Dressing. It Stop* Itctjlaj of tbe Sc*l? Ala art Instantly.
\ }\'\\- ;^ u/admimpi , , , . C 5l* f*-"- 1 *?*? 1 !? 1 . froa the F>ct3f 7- Kil*^^
WjfM^- ~ : {Om^I-cUT THIS OUT." 3.F \ J^ifSf/4/V
?^fc£?fl^V. The»acctMoX .Ne»br»*« Her- > w *» * ,'
J5^^O= '» 't picSde his caused tht market to' ,' I Inclose w cents la «Unip« to par postaje and t&'A&^A' t7
W'PmW&J*- knoodfdwjtn so called dandruff i' packing upon a sample of NewbjVs Herpiclde. i 1 t Hv*\A •' 1
i-'Vrto'i -' -i:lt germ dettro>eis. Doa*t expect i| i 2Zi£~ *oLf=^ 1 r*»
%f&ni '^ thing the druggist assured >-on < r * am ~ i r^iS^I&Yy^k 1
W.SL'iSfHiS wa * "J BStl|g K°od" Conicien- «, _ . M i *2ff-vS^QiV*'^ • /
t»oa* drntsists nerer recommend < Street and NO.————-— i, ¦Oi-^EEcreA
~*V~»iiU^5 substitutes. Applications of Her- < ' Vf >ti •§£ v5\
w^m i\^hi^TnY h^ Ci * and stats mimm
ji Healthy Hair. Destroy the cause— you remove the effect.' a* uoheaithyHair;
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
$1.50 the value=$1.00 the price.
It will -be to your advantage to get acquainted with this store. We
sell dependable Roods at reasonable prices and guarantee to satisfy you.
'-If you. are disappointed with anything bought here bring it back and the
. money is yours again. '
T - We offer values like this to get you acquainted: \
Oxford cheviot coif shirt, made of. heavy texture, material.' which is
now so popular: colors white, tan, blue and green, with black and other
colored stripes like picture above; cut full size, double sewed, oearl but- '
- tons, fast colored, stand the laundry; usual price $1.50. Introductory
: pri - c - m $1.00 : -
740 Market StreetTHE MOST WORSHIPFUL,
GRAND MASTER OP THE
CALIFORNIA MASONS.
Moffat Flays Great Up -Hill Game and
Overcomes Big Lead ' of
Crowa. .
. Only two -matches .were played .In the
Scottish bowling tournament on the park
rink yesterday. One was very close and
interesting, while the other was one-sided.
J. , C. Moffat was slow to start in his
match with M. L. Crowe, but k when once
fairly under way. he won end after end.
Crowe led at 12 to 2, but Moffat steadily
cut down his '; opponent's : lead • and at : . the
finish did some remarkable : bowling. The
score in his favor was 21 to 15. One and
all declared it to be the best match of the
tournament. ...j" '.-... lz-r. .¦.'.;.
The other match was somewhat of a
¦ w ¦ ;
EXOTTING MATCH ON"
paek Bowxnra green
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Oct 10.— The
matter of Tobias Richards and Frank
Gllkey, two life- termers,' who have served
twenty-three years in prison for a crime
which seven people have made sworn'
affidavits they could not have committed,
and which was ; exclusively published in
The Call on September 25, was one. of the
chief subjects of discussion at the meet
ing "of the prison directors to-day. The
subject came up at .the mornins session,
but .was also . discussed in executive ses
sion. •..¦': .:.•.-.
Attorney I James^ T. , Booker of Sonora,
who for. ten years has been collecting evi
dence to; show}, the men's innocence, was
present at the meeting to-day. He pre
sented a voluminous petition to the board,
asking them to recommend , the two men
to * Governor Pardee for - parole." Booker
reviewed the testimony, of 5 the , case and
read affidavits from seven persons in sub
stantiation" of his claim. One affidavit,
that of Mrs. Zeliz Tubbs Spooner, was an
especially ':¦ strong „ one. : . Mrs. "Spooner
swore ¦ that her •- husband • committed the
crime; that while intoxicated he, ; Charles
Tubbs, and ; ; a ; man -, named : Samuel Wil
liams left- hom« with .the avowed Inten
tion of robbing William Bergel ; I that she
remonstrated with them; that later Tubbs
returned ' with ~a ; knife and pistol and con
fessed , he; had -murdered^Bergel..
Affidavits from " Thomas Barn well,
Richards and Gilkey
Case Presented at
San Quentin.
A letter was . received at the Agricul
tural Department the other day asking
for two loads of "furtellizer." The writer,
having - received seeds from a paternal
government, .was anxious to get what
ever else was, coming to him. .:
DIRECTORS HEAR
PAROLE APPEAL
HUNTINGTON, W. Va.. Oct. lO.-The
main pipe line of the Standard Oil Com
pany through Wayne County has been
tapped near Echo and several thousand
gallons of crude oil taken.
Bough on John D. Rockefeller.
BERLIN, Oct. 10.— The Czar made a pleas
ant impression on the townspeopla during his
stay at Darmstadt. H» walked tranquilly
about tho streets attended by on« or two adju
tants, looked in the shop wlndowa and often
stood In a ground-fioor window of the old pal
ace, smoking cigarettes and looklr.gr out at the
people passing. The guardians of his person
axe rarely visible.
James Watson and Ella Watson claimed
that Tubbs confessed to them also. Oth
er affidavits read were those of John
Buckman, ' Mrs. Suttle and Peter Mlher
Jr.
"The men who committed that crime,'*
said Mr. Booker, "were Charles Tubbs,
Samuel Williams and . . George Tubbs.
Charles Tubbs Is living in Fresno County.
George Tubbs is dead and Williams Is
In parts unknown. He Is wanted now In
Stockton for the murder of a man named
Henderson In 1887. There is a reward out
for his arrest. If we can get Gllkey and
Richards out we can then land Tubba. I
would like a recommendation for their
parole. We already have a petition for
pardon- on file in Sacramento."
The board discussed the case at length.
but owing to much other business did
J. Duncan and A. Hay beat W. Hamilton
and Y. C Lawson, 21 to 19; G. C. Patterson
beat Gunn, 21 to 16; ; Robert Park and J. M.
Eareman beat Gunn and O'Brien, 21 to 12; A.
Foremand and-R. Aitken beat M. U Crowe
and John McLaren, 21 to 9; Eaton and Park
beat Wilkle and Black. 21 to 15; W. Watson
and J. D. Duncan beat Tlcknor and G. C. Pat
terson, 21 to 13. . ¦ \
disappointment. Dr. Hamilton, who had
previous to yesterday been bowling clev
erly and Improving steadily, fell down and
at no time had a chance against Joseph
Gray. The score was 21 to 7."
Several good practice games . were
played and resulted as follows:
The special trains will be in charge of
the following named: Golden Gate Com
mandery and blue lodges of San Francis
co, H. M. Owens: Scottish Rite bodies,
George Filmer: Oakland Commandery and
blue lodges, George H. Smith; San Jos©
Commandery and blue lodges, Dr. J. .W.
Davy; California Commandery, ' Brainard
Rowley; Grand Lodge, William Kettner.
The Siminoff Temple Is a magnificent
brick structure, two stories high. On the
ground floor are sixteen rooms, bath
rooms, a large smoking-room and library
lor the benefit of the aged and infirm
Masons. On the second floor is a spa
cious and artistically designed assembly
hall, fitted up in the latest style with ele
gant furniture and Is to be used as a
lodgerom as well as a chapel. Mr. Sim
inoff has personally supervised , the con
struction and furnishing and. has erected
to his memory, while in life, a monument
unsurpassed In the annals of Masonic
history in the State of California.
aids- Oakland Commandery and bhie lodges of
Oakland^ Dr. J. W. Davy of Ban Jose and
aWs; Golden Gate Commandery ui. »»
lodges of San Francisco; Boys 1 Band; Califor
nia Commandery No. 1. Knights Tenxplar. act
ing as special escort to the Grand o L? d S e ;
Grand Lodge. F. and A. M. of the State of
California, under the Immediate command or
Grand Marshal •William Kettner.
( not conclude th« Investigation. It will
be brought np again at Folsoxn next Sat
urday.
The procession will move up Post street
to Grant avenue to Market street and
along that thoroughfare to the ferry in
the following order:
Grand Marshal John Tonnlngsen and aids;
B«nnetf« Band; Major George Filmer and
aids; Scottish Rite bodies; George Smith and
BOUTE OF PEOCESSION
The grand marshal has appointed as
grand marshal of ; the day Past Master
John Tonnfngsen. who in turn has ap
pointed the following aids:
George W. Wittman. chief aid; Henry J.
Crocker, Colonel Charles Boston, Harry Baehr,
Henry H. Lynch. Fred Schmidt, Judge Fiank
Kerrlran, Milton E. Uneer. Colonel Kobert
Wienicke, Fred riazemar.n, C. F. Somera. O.
H. Umbsen. WiU Baylor. Michael Joseph Sav
age, J. C. Ev^rUing. Charles Thlerbach. Henry
Lunstedt. Frank Van Schaick, W. K. Fletcher,
Dr. Bertram Alden, Henry Lehrke, James
Ralph Plevln. Coloi-el T. Daniel Riordan, Dr.
Winslow An-lerson, Jessie D. Hannah, Rudolph
Volmer, A. G. Lang. A. de Lamar, H. D. Love
land, Colonel Frank W. Sumntr, Michael Ryan.
Captain Charts Janspn. Earnest. Busche, Dr.
Edgar Bryant. Captain Alex Woodside, Ira Co
bum, A. Hanselman, William T. Kibbler, lay
man C. Byce. Colonel Robert Mc.Milltan. An
drew Turpin, Frederick L. Turpln, Major Frank
MeGowan, Commander George W. Bauer, Cap
tain Bert Benedict, George K. Porter, William
Brurafield, Colonel -¦ Adolph Huber, N. P.
Batchelder. George Lelbold. William Conrad, K.
H. Algeltlnger, Dr. William C. Haspler,
Colonel George Habernlcht, Thomas Morton,
Thomas Morton Jr., Dr. J. William Likens,
Colonel R. Radke, U. Remenspercer. Adolph
Meyer, Dr. Tturlow Miller, Louis M. ThUr
bach. H. J. Grauerholz. A. W. Burgren, Thom
as P. Ross. Charles Gebhart. C. W. Dobie, Carl
Guiiruss. Lieutenant W. P. Humphreys, Z. A.
Grau. E>. Whipple. R. D. .Blaacow, Fred Hel
¦wlg. Henry May. Bert Read. Colonel George H.
Pippy, Edoucrd Pasquale, Dr. F. P. Marquis
and A. A. Anderson.
The grand marshal has also appointed
the following:
.Major George Fllmer. marshal pi the first di
vision; G. H. Smith of Oakland, marshal of the
Oakland division. Dr. J. W. Davy, marshal of
the San Jose division; chief aid, S. G. Tomp
kina. Henry M. Owens, master of California
Lodge, marshal of the blue lodges of San
Francisco; aids. L. C. Hunter. William R. 8.
Cwrpbell. A. Huguenin. James A. Snook, W.
A. T. Agard. J. F. Schroth. Theodore Cohn,
F. Geroke. William F. Baggett, J. B. Roberts.
E. W. Tucker. L. G. Kramer. A. C. Bauer, E.
B. Zambelll, \V. P. Fllmer, J. A. Bright and
John U. Boyd.
MARSHAL AND AIDS.
During; the session the SimlnoS Temple
at the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home in Decoto will be dedicated with
appropriate ceremonies. This temple,
which was donated to the fraternity by
M. Simlnoft of this city, a member of Fi
delity Lodge and of California Command
cry, K. T., will be used as an assembly
hall for the benefit and pleasure of the in
mates of the home. The grand master
was requested to dedicate the temple ac
cording to the ancient rules and customs
of the fraternity and he set apart next
Wednesday for that purpose, directing
Grand Marshal William Kettner, past
master of Visalia Lodge, to take charge
of the affair and make all necessary ar
rangements. It has been decided to have
a grand Masonic procession to start from
the Masonic. Temple. .
Tuesday morning and will be
opened by Grand Master Orrin Staples
Henderson of Stockton. The Grand
Lodge will thia year have a larger rep
resentation than at any previous convo
cation. <
HE Grand Lodgre of Free and Ac-
I cepted Masons will meet In the
1 1 Masonic Temple in this city In an
•H nual convocation at 10 o'clock next
Siminoff Temple at Decoto
to Be Dedicated With,
Masonic Rites.
THE SAN tBANCISCO CALL^SUjSDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903.
GRAND LODGE
OF MASONS TO
HOLD SESSION
27
FRAGERS j . . ._ PRAQERS . -_ , | - FRAGERS ':¦;. } PRAGERS | PRAGERS
l^NlNQtanttRfnKMHVMCMiatw^N Vi.' : ¦* '¦ ¦• ¦ "~~ ¦'¦¦¦"''- •».-*. * v- * '- ' ¦ : - • . ¦* * - "¦ '¦ -.-.¦...¦-¦-. .... ¦ ¦ . . . _ , .. ; x . ,
Extraordinary Sale Of The Best. Time to Boy Linens and
Cushion Cord and Tassel |K^ j&j&m*r Bedding is mgbt, now.
One-Half Price One-Half Price B^kH W1^jFtB[ *WnmfflS^M^^rW T 1 HIS is the season of ** y ear when care -
ZT mm^ mmmmmm ~ mm^^ "^T"™ 1 rm^ m ' ™T Lflili^pagl «. Pi |£i WgaT fel jr ok * housekecDers are looking for genuine
Entire Manufacturer's Line Secured nsm&&^ J^ >^^'%^' f&r' ~ J&^lsr bargains, we have them here and the vai-
SnpriAlIv fnv Thic C^roxt Rflrrrain Sfllp • great demand There is everything that is
specially ior a ms ureatcargaur^aie jg AJOW'&X'&r RELIABLE ' • ed for bed and thc Unen closet " this
ZmrI^ C^lTsho"n\wi fii?qft-12^ftMAl}KFTST^ 0^> TABLE LINENS.
/Afcgjfl^ season. It is extra heavy and p^"I^tJU l^WVl Aili\llL/I >/*• 35c a yard— Regular 50c table damask.
•^ * comes in all the plain and I II 3J>C a yar d_Re»uIar 60c table damask.
made to sell on S^^Sto^S^ork, but f T^—^ , » **r & yU ££°*^ l^^T^V
through a chain of circumstances we were able to Wftmei\ \ BT\A Children S Wear £ * yard-Rcsmkr $1x0 table damask,
secure the entire lot 'at a big saving, and to- V V U1I1CI1 O ttllU ,, VrHtHIl Cll O ? ? , 0 5c a yard-Regular $1.25 table damask,
morrow you will have the opportunity to reap . . . ' TOWELINCS.
the benefit. This cord has never been offered be- ' "UiT 1Uffs%#8A*«r**£v DmrAe « * 1 1
fore at less than 60c, and was considered a good I : oXj VIJL%JXL&YGl tt? I fj ICC5>i For rollers or Klass cleamns.
value at that. " 5c— Worth 8 x-.ic 12j^c— Worth isc
_ HESE few specials include the newest fall ideas in colorings and 8 l-3c— Worth 10c. 15c— Worth 20c.
styles in women's and children's gowns and skirts and infanta' bonnets 10c — Worth I2V£c. 20c — Worth 25c
Interesting lXews in Fancy oooas. and coats. gowns comforters.
NECKWEAR. $1.0O— Women's flannelette srowns, made of heavy teasle down in fancy fH? C o £ ach T A * TCSrula t $ V° V* 0 ?
25c each-2so dozen women's i stock collars. with hemstitched, tuckedyoke of solid colors, trimmed with silk cm- *1,B5 each-A renhr^ value,
made of Oxford, madras., fancy Oxford P*™ «£ ' of fine baby flannel with round yoke, finished with - BLANKETS. v ; , .
also pure si k, in blue jjink wh,te ; .black : and btack T trimmed with silk embroidered edge! colors, white with 93.05-Blankets that are worth $5.00.
PILLOW TOPS Toe — Women s skirts made of solid colored twm" flannel with deeo SHEETS.
* "'„«. . . ,. , ,. ,* •' • . • j * „ flounce, finished with silk-embroidered scallop; come in pink, blue and white. 4ft «:»,--?¦ ca Kv nn 5»c— Sheets -n bv 00
12/ a c each-A new. line of litho K raph and tapes- 45c_Children's skirts of fancy striped flannel, with ruffle finished with 2? cJ ! •'? I oil 9w!' Z hv^
try effects; over 20 subjects to select from. These silk-embroidered scallop; sizes 2 to 14 years. An excellent quality. l: 54c— Sheets. 6.1 bv 00. We- Sheets, 81 by go.
tops are sold at 25c each elsev:here. . I
Matchless Beginning Monday Some Noteworthy Big Saving in Shoes,
Handkerchief Bargains Values Will Be Offered in Our Stock A few sp^ais of un^ai ***** te
¦ 1 1 ...i J^ those who are making their fall and
WE have taken our entire stock— with- ~.~». • . »v r* J ¦ c*ll winter purchased! footwear,
out any doubt the largest of its kind Ol COOICeSt Dr©SS UOOOS and OllKS. MEN.
in the city — and selected these few - __ ,. . , A nt . m Ser of
Unes on which we have made unusual reduc- — — — — ~ broke'n l^'f "" k thrnLest A las°s U Tn be shoe O s £
tions. There is no question about the qual- \ X 7 E will begin a sensational sale in this department to-morrow. All the - lhere is a var i c ty of styles— Box calf, Vici
ity of these handkerchiefs, and marked at Vy lines are of the most reliable goods and very seasonable. The great kid lace Goodyear welt. They have heavy
the following low prices they are fine chances. discounts they will be offered at will make them a rare . shopping op- and medium- extension soles. The regular
oc each — 500 dozen ot women s linen lawn portunitv ' : T- ¦ «,.;»•* ;• «-. en
handkerchiefs: full size; K-inch hem. Regular * ™ *• DRESS GOODS _ Black< *"« IS * 3 * 0 '
1 va o'l e " t, , Frt j rt , An _* : _n n1irA i: n( . n h an d. ipl.OO a yard— 50-inch black thibet cloth: the best habit cloth made. We have ¦¦ , , . .. '£* n
'EMU g hem- fmg If «**«>*» I" 0<tcr the sa m e a. this extremely low pric, SeUs J^-^J^Snt^A^l
SSi lSvi ijJSol'^ lancy handk«r- "as. ?a ya5d-J-1nch mohair ser K e; a rich black tailkd material that wears like shoe for wet weather.. Sizes 8 to .1. ?1.35
ch?eh^ma7e W of finTlal »Sh" VncT embrSid- iron; worth 5 oc. Specia.. -Six« nii to a 5 -" **">*-
25c each— w dozen linen lawn, also pure to-morrow. SILKS- Peau de Sole. » ? " " S "" WOMEN.
linen fancy, handkerchiefs with v 1 » ce «™° ro^ c . red ; s Black Peau de Soie-unexcelled. These goods were not made for "specials," but 33 OO-An uo-to-date shoe for women; pat-
hemstitched borders, all pretty patterns. Valued . qualities bought from reHable makcrs> Our prkes , annot bc dupH . Kd top sT^ht/ flex-
35c each— 100 dozen very fine sheer linen cated elsewhere . i mrA _ x •¦ ,„ « T „ Vt ible soles and French heels. An excellent
Be Among the Fortunate Ones and Secure One This Is Fast Becoming Head- First, Sale of Hats Displayed During Onr
of These Pretty Suits, Coats and Skirts. quarters for Outfitting Boys """" Millinery Opening. "~~
Every Garment in Our Women's Cloak and Suit Section Reduced One. : . .fTn HE stock of this in- ' Pretty and Perfect, Copies of the Newest Parisian and Eastern Crea-
H.lf R^Miflr Spllmtr pricp . I eludes some of the choicest gar- 2=*^ —— —
Half Regular Selling Pticp. A ,,,^^.^0 be had. anywhere, -on -- - : ,1 -. tions at> Moderate Prices. ; ....
since the sale was inaugurated, and hundreds of women have the lowest. beauties. Only a few of tiie lowest priced ones are described
been outfitted with this fall's newest creations at unheard-of low . . SUITS. - here; we have hundreds of othe« at various prices. Many of
as on the opening days. three different colors. Ages 3 to 10 ' ity given to secure tnem.
?17.5O^ 5 o very stylish^Tif-'tailored suits, made of Vene- f""- TheSC are g °° d ValUCS St Shirred black velvet hat;' rolls slightly all around with high
tian cloth, cheviot, zibeline, English granite., and serges. They % 5 4.»5-Four lines of prettv sailor fe?t haT^flarine K?h 'off "the^fa^e "and^rim-
come in a beautiful assortment of colors-tans new browns, suits - in fancy mixtures: elegantly m^- w fth whTte bird and lU^S&lt
grays.. blues and fancy mixtures. Jackets are silk lined and.pret- trimmed. These are regular $6.00 and J^V^ ,X \? wit! ? shirred fid nn- and trimmed with black
Fily finished in braids and silks. The latest style sleeves. Skirts $6.50 'suits. Special for this week * ., Red , v \ 1 f «f r ™ hS brimmed WitU black
are full sweep, nine gore; some of them have silk drop skirts. J n f y . - heckle plumes. A very dressy hat.
Every garment is worth from $30.00 to $35.00. $4.95 — Long pants suits in fancy. ; : ,. . *.;, * . , . . ...
COATS — " tweeds They are not pure wool, Black turban, made of chenille and horsehair braid; close
$7.45—100 very stylish coats,' 19 straps, satin lined. The but very durable and neat. Perfect fitting, trimmed with velvet bow and quills.
latest corsette coat'. A regular $15.00 value. This, lot also, in- fitting. Ages 12 to 19 years. ?--i- . 5230. '^;:^-'';
eludes a fine assortment of tan, castor, black and blue coats. OVERCOATS. A new design in ready-to-wear hats — poke .shape. Made of
Nicely stitched and finished. S3.OO— Russian overcoats, made mohair felt and stitched prettily on the edge. Trimmed with
' WALKING SKIRTS. of good strong tweed. Double row velvet and quills.
$5.95— A bie assortment of all stvles and patterns of per- of- brass buttons down front and v . , . . T iyo '~ .
fectly tailored skirts. Worth $10.00 to $12.50. Also many other DC lt in back It has a velvet collar. Neat ready-to-wear hats in cas or oxford navy and black;
styles and values in this big surplus stock. Ages 3 to ? ycars> Special.- " " , pompadour shape, trimmed with felt and quills.
Extra Inducements Made for Buyers of Men's Clothing.
THE demand for clothing in this department during the last week was very great, and the sales' record reached the highest point since the store opened. Amon* the buyers
were many men who had been purchasers before and were so pleased with what they secured the first time that they repeated their visit. It is very gratifying to us, and can be
accounted for in but one way— excellent values. OVERCOATS.
¦ S11.0O— \nother lot of up-to-date fancy worsteds; neat, quiet patterns. All finely 99.00— Special in Oxford overcoat, cut 48 inches long, very full and finished with
tailored. Warranted all pure worsted and fast colors. slashed, pockets. Lined with heavy Italian lining.
II ipiO.SO — Fancy Scotch overcoats, in- three different lengths— 36 inches, 44 and 48 inches long. The la- 1 __.
test for fall wear. Hand tailored throughout, best serge and Venetian linings. -.Well made. : , | Green Trading Stamps Given.
8^ W*& I s e °^ e ot2&e^°^» or without
«fi* ' *' no 1655 can te complete. How
ISaxk B i^a k| t^^9 ' sweet ti* c picture of mother and babe,
tirTa tsmW B angels smile at and commend the
•a m jm± n /«k am thoughts and aspirations of the mother
S§ fifn| f| ga bending over the cradle. The ordeal through
lif H I ra (i S which the expectant mother must pass, how-
ygj gj v|^ Ben ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hoar -when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, arid _^ »--¦¦ n m mm n>^ n
great crisis in perfect safety ¦¦¦^^ *-* " « \*W
and without pain. Sold at $i.co per P^SP^l]^
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless in g^ i [|a ||i
value to all women sent free. Address g O[l |f.§ffl
BRAD FIELD REGULATOR CO* Ai/motm. Ga. B ¦ « ¦ H ¦ W BF
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
STOMACH A
If you are troubled with Con-
stipation, Biliousness, Sick Head-
ache, Kidney Ailments, Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia or Malaria, you
need the Bitters at once. It will
cure you and restore you to per-
fect health.
A fair trial will convince you.
Radwa/s
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption aad
healthful regularity. , . -
For the cure of ail disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder. , Female lr-
repularlties. Sick Headache. Blllousnees. Con-
stlpation. Plies and ¦ all ¦ derangements ; of tho
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At drusrlsts or
by mail. BAD WAT ft CO.. New Tork,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
f B. KATSCHINSKI.
f| Philadelphia Shoe Co.
1 10 THIRD STREET, SAH FRANCISCO. 1
Adjoining- Call Bundle g-. ||
| Neat But Durable I
Will Stand the Rain I
S Are you prepared for winter? H
Have you bought Ehoes that will H
jl etand the rain and slush? We offer M
come great values in winter foot- H
•jv-ear. For ladies— the best Vici^ Kid K
Lace Ehoes, with straight foxing, g
! Btylish toes and patent leather tips. |j
light double scles with Fair- r
j stitched extension edges and xnlli- 9
tary heels. AND OUR PRICE ||
ONLY Sl.Stf- Sizes. 2^ to 8; K
widths, A to E. h
! Boys' Porpoise Hide Shoes j
U A stock guaranteed for wear, i
1 Something new— porpoise Bkin Is g
' toujrh and durable and guaranteed R
waterproof, and yet is soft and pli- p
i able and easily adapts itself to the I
I shape of the foot. Solid quilted I
| pol«»s. We axe sole agents. Widths, w
I B to E. H
? Youths' sizes. U to 2 S1.5O H
j Beys' eizes, 2\± to 5H i$1.75 H
i m Sinn §
I Men's Kid Romeos j
S There is no place like home, so !
aj make it pleasant for the men and j
3 keep them th«re. This week a bar- i
« jrair.— Men's Black Vici Kid Ro- I
3 rneos. with elastic sides and plain |
U broad toes and flat heels. The price |
£ only 31.00- Sizes, 6 to 1L f-j
\ MEN'S RUBBER BOOTS FOR g
5 HUNTING. BEST QUALITY, il
84.50- p
I RUBBERS 1
fi Child's sizes, E4 to 11 2oC H
t| Misses 1 sizes, 11% to 2 30c t
,\ Ladies' eizes, 2hi to 8 33c B
*] Men's sizes, 5^4 to 12 oOc t
IB. KATSGHINSKIi
Philadelphia Shoe Co. jj
r 10 TEZS.S ST., San rraacisco. B
EVERY.HADE.MRRAHTED
EVERY WOMAN
, " J -l^fr is iaterertet} and should know
w^^^OV about the wondcrfii
MRDlfCI WHIRLING
•S^ v V.\ mAnVtL spray
\\t ¦' k.s> \ ' TS* • '.1 Injection and Suction.
V\ l .2e3 ' V ' C^*;OT Best— Safest— Most Ootv
S^T^v-'C^fr^TfeK^ vcaient. It Clean «e»
1^^^^ iMtaatly.
Aik Via injxlA f er tt- \ u f^^-rrrr^^^'
If h* rmnnot M.-pp!jr the \Vly'^f '"(//t'/;,ifS .
M.IRVKI»i;cfp!»« \ 'ZLffef*,.
vthcr. hut send uanig tar niu«- >i/ W «*i/'/\/
' < rt ; - .:"•!¦> »r * <.:rr t" r ¦; fnvaifjabW *\ f fm
tvlmdle- MJinVIXCr.. O*l %»»
!toom 2C3. Times Bdg.. New Tork. ,
:fflS\A/EAi<: yvvEN
-jy^Tfra Dlt HALL'S nZINVIGORATOIt
;_2a USy stop* ail tosses and ucr.ufjral di»-
ctuu-sea In S4 hours. Tou tee! an
i?^i E3? iniproveraent Irorn the Lrst io*e.
I*fl F"n W> have eo much confidence In cur
<)4*J Wb^. tr^atrr.er.t that we offer Five Hun-
fV3 F?* dred reward for any case we caa-
¦laQadsBl r.ot cure. This secret retried r curej
!.*: power nightly eroinions; wasted crgans.
• -iU<*t:-t. rleet. rtrlctures, kidneys, lalllr.g-
: .emery, drains In the urine, ronorrhoea. dls-
• ..•€ of the prostate glands and all other terrl-
i I* f.KtttB cf seif-abus« or excesses, which lead
• n U» consumption And death. Positively cures
I i worst rases In eld or younc of thtt mortirjr-
. ~ coiiCilion, quickness of the discharge, and
-. istlrjj to do. and yon can't. Sent sealed, $2
r ¦.:•>. thre« bottles, ti. Guaranteed to
• iry case.
an or ajfiress orders HALL'S MEDICAL
¦--STITI.-TE. Si3 Broadwar. Oakland. CaL
Also for tale at :OTSH Market St., 8. F. Send
fcr free bode •
WEEKLY CAXL, ?L00 PEB YEAB.:
/IDVEBTISEMENTS.
B B bS XLar I I Hi ajfl D B 6
"I liirre been ntins Cateareta for Insomnia, with
which I hare been afflicted for orer twenty years,
and I can »*y that Cascareta hara given me mora '
relief than any other remedy \ have erer tried. I
¦hall certainly recommend them to my friends as :
U* t all they axo W^^^-^j
Mr %^r The Bowel*
CANDY CATKART1C jjtl^
Pleutnt, Pal»t»b!e, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good/
NeTor Sicken, Weaken ox G ri pe. 10c. 25c, SOs. Kcvcr *
¦old in bnlk. The gennlna tablet ¦tamped , C C 0. :
Guaranteed to cure or your money back. -¦ ¦
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. . 507
AMHUiL Sfil F. TFW MILUOM BOXESCHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Dressed In- full uni
form. Lieutenant John Duffy of the Chicago
fire department was found dead to-day on the
banks of Mud Lake, with a bottle of carbolic
acid beside him. Duffy suffered from Inter
mittent mental aberration as a result of inju
ries received during a flre that threatened the
destruction of the Chicago packing: house dis
trict.
DENVER. Colo., Oct. 10.— The convention of
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew, In session here
to-day, selected Philadelphia as the next "con
vention city, the date to be fixed by the coun
cil. Among the council members elected are
H. Robert Braden. St. Mark's. Berkeley. Ca.1 ,
And Fred Rice Rowell. St. Mark's, Seattle.
WHATCOM, "Wash., Oct. 10.— Although
the physicians have not yet completed
their analysis of the contents of the stom
ach of Miss Clara Zlnk, who died under
peculiar circumstances Thursday night,
there is no longer any doubt that she died
from strychnine taken with suicidal in
tent, and that her successful attempt on
her life was the second one which she
had made within twenty-four hours.
Wh&tcom Woman a Suicide.
VENTURA, Oct. 10.— The Bakersfleld-
Ventura Electric Railway Company ,wlll
begin construction work next Monday.
An' engine and ten cars have been pur
chased from the Colorado Midland Rail
road for use in construction work. Ties
are now at Hueneme and rails will arrive
next week. A graders' camp has been
established at Oxnard. On Tuesday En
gineer Burson will accompany a Gov
ernment official over the surveyed
line through the Pine Mountain
Reservation. The Government has ac
cepted the electric company's map. This
trip is merely to check It up and the right
of way will be formally granted upon the
agent's report.
Electric Line Work to Begin.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 10.— District At
torney Seymour has given an opinion to
the Board of Supervisors of Sacramento
County that by the amendment of the
county government act passed by the
last Legislature the so-called ."one
twelfth rule" has been abrogated and that
Supervisors may legally at any time after
the beginning of the fiscal year expend
any sum that does not exceed 70 per cent
of the money placed in that fund for the
fiscal year.
Under this opinion the Supervisors of
Sacramento County have allowed a large
number of bills that had accumulated and
that hitherto had been held up because of
the restriction of the "one-twelfth rule."
This is a matter of interest to Supervisors
and contractors throughout the State.
Sheriff Smith escaped with a few
scratches, but no serious cuts. Thompson
will probably recover. He was at one
time an Inmate of the Mendodno State
Hospital.
He started to get into the Sheriff's bug
gy*. Then he drew a razor, which had
been concealed and which the officers had
overlooked when they searched him. He
cut his throat in two places. Another
tussle resulted before the officers could
secure the razor.
As soon as Sheriff Smith approached
Thompson drew a large pocketknlfe and
rushed at him. The deputies were sum
moned, and after a struggle of several
minutes the maniac was overpowered.
After the officers had secured the knife
Thompson said:
"All right, Smith; I'll go with you."
L'KIAH. Oct. 10.— Sheriff Smith and two
deputies had a desperate struggle with a
crazy man In the Fashion stables this aft
ernoon. Bill Thompson, who has been em
ployed at the Btables, had been acting
queerly, and the Sheriff went to arrest
him with the inetntlon of taking him to
the County Hospital until he could be ex
amined. '?lh"i~
Sacramento County Su
pervisors Allow Nu
merous Bills.
Insane Man Attempts
To Make an End of
His Captors.
MANIAC FIGHTS
WITH OFFICEHS
OPINION OPENS
COUNTY COFFERS
The recent inspection of the National
Guard is generally spoken of as "Division
Commander Dickinson's inspection," al
though it was on its face the inspection
of the higher office. The results present
ed have caused much criticism, which
calls into question some of the "right out
from the shoulder" blows dealt by
Colonel Koster, the inspector, some
of the officers of equal, rank as
serting that "Colonel Koster doesn't
know as much of military in
spection as he believes he does." Be that
as it may, the ' inspection reports have
awakened the guard to the fact that it
id not up to the standard that warrants
the taxpayers in paying the large amount
yearly to maintain It. It is probable thai
the various organizations will be given n
probationary term and that within a
short time there will be another inspec
tion by some one whose military knowl
edge and ability cannot be attacked and
upon whose report will hang the fate ol
a number of the companies.
An effort will be made to have the va
rious organizations assume the attitude oi
the Ideal soldier when on duty and avoid
the slouchy appearance that nearly every
company presents when at drill in the
armory or on parade on the street. More
attention ijteo be paid to the setting uj
exercise, srks to relieve the men of thai
tired feeling. But little attention has been
paid to these exercises, which tend sc
much to make the soldier have a mili
tary bearing that commands attention,
with the result that about nine-tenths oi
the men In the ranks present , an unpre
possessing appearance and many of there
look as if they . were ready to fall apart
Not only is this noticeable in the com
pany flies but in the "officers, some o!
whom are stoop shouldered, giving their
a most ungainly appearance. An effori
will be made to have setting up exer
cises fifteen minutes on drill night twict
a week. •
The indications are that during the cur
rent weekjAdjutant General George Stone
will retire from the position he has held
for eomo time in the National Guard of
California and that his successor will be
nominated by Governor Pardee. In addi
tion to Charles Jansen, commander of
Troop A, Colonel "W. J. Schreiber of the
Seventh Infantry Is named as a possible
successor to General Stone, but it is no
sure thing that either of these two will
be the successful man, although several
weeks ago there was every possibility of
Captain Jansen being placed in the posi
tion that would enable him to draw down
a yearly salary of $3000. The knockers*
club has been at work with its large and
small hammers to In3ure tho chances of
the two named. A strong effort is being
made to retain Colonel N. S. Bangham
in the office of assistant adjutant general
and to find one who will accept the ad
jutant generalship with Colonel Bangham
as assistant Is a matter that worries the
Governor not a little, because the friends
of Colonel Bangham, who are many, make
a strong plea for 'him, while those who
are after the place want the privilege of
nominating the assistant.
IMPROVEMENT DESHIED.
Effort to Be Made to Raise
the Standard of State ;
Soldiery,
Governor Pardee May
Name His Successor'
This .Week.
GENERAL STONE
TO RETIRE SOON
The rainfall in San Francisco for Fri
day and yesterday amounted to .13 of
an inch. The storm was working rapidly
eastward last night. The weather is ex
pected to be clearer to-day.
Better Weather Is Expected.
Admiral Kempff was highly praised in
the British House of Parliament for his
course of action, 'and a vote of thanks
was passed by the House of Representa
tives of. the United States for his judi
cious conduct
notice, of late years by his attitude at
the time of the bombardment of the Taku
forts. In . opposition to the opinions of
the Russian, German, English, Japanese,
Italian and Austrian admirals, he coun
seled atrainst the attack on the forts,
believing that such action. would tend to.
add more peril to tue positions of the
legations and foreigners In China. He
maintained this attitude until the Monoc
acy was hit by one of the Chinese shells,
and then concluded that this act on the
part of the Chinese warranted reprisal.
Accordingly he joined with the powers in
the subsequent actions.
PEKING. Oct. 10.— There was only half th«
usual attendance at the Dowager Empress' re
ception of the legation ladles to-day. All the
English women refused to attend. .
H. J. Keiser and J. W. Pettea wer»
convicted by. Police Judge Fritz yesterday
on a charge of violating the pool gelling
ordinance. They were arrested at th«
baseball grounds at Eighth and Harrison
streets while making pools with a hand
book. At the request of their attorney
the Judge suspended sentence in Reiser's
case till to-morrow and in Pattee's caao
till October 30. as an appeal will be taken
to the Superior Court to test the validity
of the ordinance.
Poolsellers Are Convicted.
Herrxnan Lesser, 015 Market Street.
Will have on sale to-morrow and Tues
day men's $10 and 512 suits for $3.35. Theao
suits are stylishly tailored and consist of
black and blue serges, cheviots and
tweeds. In plaids, checks and fancy
stripes; single and double breasted and
straight cut. Don't miss this opportunity
of setting: a good, serviceable suit at tho
special sale at 915 Market St.. op. Mason. *
Bear Admiral JLouis Kempff, 1 command
ant of the Paciflo Naval District,, with
headquarters In San Francisco, will ' be
retired to-day, having; attained the age
limit. Rear, Admiral Merrill Miller will
succeed him.
; Rear Admiral Kempff was born in Illi
nois and entered • the Naval Academy in
1857. As i ensign he was assigned to the
Wabash of ; the .Atlantic blockading
squadron and took part in the battle of
Port Royal # having charge of a howitzer
from the Wa bash, and accompanied the
troops j under General Stevens . in the ex
pedition'which resulted In .the capture of
Fernandina and Jacksonville, Fla., and
St. Marys, !Ga; .
He i was .commissioned a lieutenant in
1S62 an~ ' made likutenant commander in
1866.': In 1870. he was assigned to the Sara
nac of the ' Pacific sauadr on : and since
then almost alii of his service has been
on the Pacific station. < He has served six
years at the \ Mare Island' Navy Yard, the
last I two after : being commissioned rear
admiral, -when he • was r appointed com
mandant of ; the . yard. : He was In com
mand of the" monitor r Monterey from 1893
to ' 1895 ' and . raised her to a : high state of
efficiency^ By repeated trials at sea in
gales apd rough weather he demonstrated
the ; seaworthiness of * the monitor * type
oficraft He? was* the first officer to < go
from the, rank 'of captain to rear admiral
under,^the new, law.
•iHe '.was . in command: of the Asiatic
squadron during the bombardment of the
Taku; forts, ¦which "was his last sea ser
vice." He ': was ordered "¦ home ' in March,
1902, ; and ':, in ' June - of ; the r same year > he
became commandant of the Pacific ; Naval
District. ¦; In all* of : his forty-six : years of
service thirty of it was spenton the Pa
cific Coast.
- Admiral , Kempff came prominently into
Veteran Naval Officer
Reaches End of His
Service.
ADMIRAL KEMPFF
RETIRES TO-DAY
ADAMS,' Mass., -Oct.. 10.— A \ monument: to
President McKinley, ; erected ' b.y I the town,! was
unveiled to-day. In the presence of thousands of
persons ; from' points , throi^hout the r Berkshire
couxUrir.lMMMni&BHBHMMjAitf&MS9|gS&
; .That was the last she saw of Menzemer,
she claims, and, her suspicions ; '. were
aroused. She « made inquiry, and "discov
ered , that ; he . had not purchased 1 the] half-
Interest ; In ' the real ; estate ¦. business, <but
she ascertained that he had gone to Nelf
lie Woods, : a waitress in the Cape ' Nome
saloon, on Pacific street, > had \ shown '« her
the , money , and f had asked her : to ' elope
with him ~ to Wyoming, but she had re
fused. The "Woods .'woman, Mrs. ; Baty
avers, • says > Menzemer \ spent . $18 ' for ; wine
trying [ to induce ) her to change . her mind,"
but she .was obdurate. ' ' She : did ¦¦ not ;• see
him after^he'i left "her on' Tuesday "night,
and . she believed < he was not : in' the "city."
She ¦ accompanied* Mrs." . Baty^ to - the Jbond
and warrant ] clerk's 'office \ and promised
to assist Uhe: police In locating Menzemer.
" ' Mrs. Baty. says 1 that Menzemer, deserted
from . the ¦ army .-.while stationed j at ; Fort
Stevens, Oregon, in January or ? February
iast.C v C .'.¦ ¦•¦..-¦'; ¦:.¦¦'"¦*".'¦. ;v "''"•' .-•¦'¦• ¦-;,
Mrs. Lucy Baty, a widow, living at 1429
Mission. street, with her. two 'children, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Frl tz
yesterdayj' for. 1 the arrest of Glen ?Menze
mer on a charge of felony embezzlement.
The amount involved *la 1 $360. ; v ,
. Mrs.'. . Baty said she met Menzemer in
April last, and he began paying attention
to her.* They finally became. engaged and
were to have .been married In a few days.
Last Tuesday, she : alleges, he : told c her
that he could purchase a half-interest ' in
a real estate business " at , 235 Kearny
street for $300, and after talking the mat
ter over with ; him she gave . him ¦ the
money. .. \ _.'-¦¦' ,'¦¦•] .
Mrs. Lucy Baty's Trust
In Man She Loved
Is Shaken.
WIDOW MOURNS
LOSS OF COIN
BESTJLT OF INSPECTION".
There is still a great deal of guessing
as to who will succeed General Warfleld
as commander of the Second Brigade; but
no one is bold enough to assert who will
wear the star on each shoulder strap.
The following is the return of the sev
eral organizations of the National Guard
of California as inspected this year:
__ _____ _ _ _ __
H *• 3- ?5 il
ORGANIZA- 5 2- " n l« 3S
™ n - i; f 1 ij is.
: : : : : n ? -
First Infantry 8 391 98 489 61 79.95
Second Infantry... S) 455 98 653 61 80.47
Fifth Infantry.... 9 441 90 631 69 83.05
Sixth Infantry..... 0 398 166 664 62 70.66
Seventh Infantry.. 12 662 110 681 57 87.52
Cavalry 4 191 27 218 64 87.61
First Artillery 4 257 27 284 j 71 00.50
These figures show that the guard, ex
clusive of the Signal Corps and Naval
Militia, at the time of the inspection had
flfty-flve companies, with an aggregate
membership of 3322, or 672 in excess of
the aggregate of minimum formation. Of
the total number the aggregate of ab
sentees at Inspection was 627, or a little
more than one-fifth of the entire guard.
The organization outBide of the 'infantry
made the best showing, the cavalry hav
ing a percentage of attendance of 87.52,
while the First Artillery of San Fran
cisco had a. percentage of 90.50.
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 11, 1903.
28
818-82O /AAPKeT 3T. 5AK FPAKQ5Q0.
VZZX.ZB"OS, mallne or lllualon ex. COKSET COVERS, cambric.or.lawn.
fine quality; Teg. price 15c yard; circular neck; trimmed with em-
In black, white, pink, blue, red. broidery or hemstitched lawn ruf-
Nile lavender, brown and gray fle; reg. 35c; special 25c
at 8c Per yart JtAJiZj:a . DBAWE »s, Jersey ribbed;
BSAPE VXILS, a large variety to reg. price 35c; special 25c
r ° In : FOP - 35C elU = On .J l£ 1ADIES' HASTDXERCHIEPS, Eng-
clal at OC nsh lawn cloth with colored bor-
BIBBOSS at 3 !-Sc yd.; all pure °>«i. neat- hemstitch; reg. 5c;
silk, and fancy hair ribbons special «SC
worth 12c: special MONDAY and UAZ^XXTB OB XXATJSXON 1TSOK
TUESDAY at 3 l-3c yard FXJTTS, all colors, also black and
"VXX.TXT RIBBON, No 9— 1«4 in. MONDAT eR 'nnd rl TUESDAY P onfy
wide; black; reg. 20c yd.; special at jq c e a
at :..12*6c
WOMEN'S HOSIERY, gauze and
DB.ESS EEItLDS, Kleinhart's. dou- plain lisle; in plain black and
ble ¦ covered nainsooks, g^iaran- fancy stripes; reg:. price 25c and
tPt-d as to its merit; sizes 2 and 4; 35c pair; special at 19c
reg. 20c; special iiOc CO3CjtABS AWD j^
SHAWLS, hand-made worsted, in STOCKS, made of Venetian lace,
circular, square and scarf effects; in cream, Arabian and«*cru; in all
r>lnk. blue. red. black and white; the latest, shapes and designs;
special 91.50 ea from 75c to SfS.OO ea
LARGE INDUCEMENTS IN OUR JEWELRY DEPARTMENT
GZSTTS' GOLD PLATED WATCH CHAIN, ex. fine quality; reg. 51.00; re-
duced to Soc
GENTS' WATCH, a good timepiece; guaranteed for one year; stem wind
and stem set; thin model; regular $1.60 reduced to #1.1O
AIT 8-O AT MANTEL CI.0CK, decorated wooden - frame, cathedral gong;
strikes hour and half hour; reg. $6.60; on sale at... $4.75
books at cut prices. I BILLIARD TABLES.
The very latest copyright fiction 1111^1*111* Aiill^W, .
published at $1.60; our pr'ce w« have Just received a new stock
JSl.OS of the celebrated Carroma* bll-
The Yellow Crayon, by Oppen- Hard and pool tables in sizes 5, 6
helm; The Sherrods. by Me- and 7 feet. Just the thing for
Cutcheon; An April Princess, by the home; thoroughly practical;
emedley; The Main Chance, by prices from. 82O.OO to $50.00
Nicholson; Our Neighbors, by Ian
re pkge?°i%er Tr U nks at Factory Prices.
by Isham: The Gray Cloak, by -llUUIka Ol 1 OWW1 J 111VVO.
R a n Ol £ v it rw£ h T».S! I if r Sf A new lot of trunks Ju»t received;
?h ™^-.^^^ti« h^'T^hJnir better made. Improved and bet-
the Blessed Isles, by Bacheller. ter prices than ever; some as low
nni I I nil\'f*F as 83.OO and good ones, too; all
DOLL LOUMlt. in perfect condition; about %
Made of solid oak; 14 Inches long; dozen left of those discolored in
nicely finished and upholstered; the fire of last month at less
on sale 25c than cost
Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired.
Picture Frames of AH Descriptions Made to Order.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.WEAK MEN CURED,
ff^j^\ -ym. DR. UWRESCE'S WOXDERFl'L SEW IMPROVED |]
IB^ VACUUM DEVELOPER
1 "*^jg^ AND IHVtOOKATOK ?|
B'D^^a Has New Patented Perfect Diaphragm .-vnd Other Improvement!. Sold I
B ' f 'jnTJ Only by Us. |l
¦ . I « Quickly Restores Lost Strength. Permanently Cures Varlcocele. Drain*, li
I I 1 Stricture. Prematureness and Proutatlc Trouble* by a Simple and Coa- IS
If 'II venient -Home- Treatment. I
3. 1 fl - _. The VACUUM DEVELOPER stimulates and energizes the nerv« fore* It
B«i il "^^ ln<Juces . a 'ree circulation of blood into the debilitated parts thus I
Hi Pi permanently strengthening and develaplns them. ' ~J
W ill SPECIAL F2EE OFFFR In order t0 Jemorstrate »ad prove the merits H
B< !» niJf^tZTi.' i rCH# of our Vacuum Treatment we will send th« 1
Ha H Perfected Vacunm Developer free on ten days' trial and approval. H
fl I -v.t.m a^ W . , f ? r . car 6 *-Page Illustrated book No. 8. showing the male I
M I ATT ?.1c?.A P o^S lnsr our Perf^te* 1 treatment. Sent Dlaln seated free I
H *P "M rur^H hv ISEAS ES OF MEN. Contracted Disorders, etc.. treated and I
B P^k cw 2.£Z-? 1 ?7* p * cilinats - even when others falL |
B^ W 1^ a CONfe LLTATION FREE and confidential, at offices er by mall. Hours It
¦ "it-— a a. m. to 8 P.m.^ Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. ra. Open evenings. B
El Ko Money Required Until Cared. p
¦ Health Appliance Co., 6O ' F S^ a * t F^ B c a^ apket I
t ___^_ AEVEBTISEMENTS. \'\\'\^ -
We Will Buy
A 50c Bottle of Liquozone and Give it to, You to Try,
Liquoronc— liquid oxygen— is the the blood that no germ could live in t>y«entery— Diarrhea • scrofula— syphmu
?u 1 y.P« >duc * can kin gerrns - in any membrane or tissue. gy"Sa" Dropsy ' %£T? h * ro " ble » •
the body without killing you No Liquozone does that. The results &£££»,«»¦¦ ?u b °er C ua ble "
man knows any other way to destroy are so certain that we publish on F^ers—Gaii stones Tumors— uicer.
the cause of any germ disease. ; every bottle an offer of Jiooo for a SrVhfa^Gieet fegSWiSSSSSS U
It is new to America, and millions germ that it cannot kill. Yet oxygen ah diseases that. begin with fever-aii in-
wno need it don t know of it. For is Nature's greatest tonic— the very flammatlon — aI1 catarrh— all contagious dis-
that reason we make this remarkable source of your vitality.' Its . effects btoST" 1I '. the - reilH ! U :". oC tapure or pol8oned
otter. VVe will buy the first bottle are exhilarating, purifying, vitalizing. ,. In • nervous debility Liquozone acts as a
and give it to you if you need it We But germs are vegetables and this vltallzer> accomplishing what no drugs can do.
will do it willingly, gladly, to con- excess of oxygen— thc very life of an (=L(\r Rr*++1^ Er..^
vince you at once and forever that animal— is deadly to vegetable mat- oul DOlue rTCe. j
Liquozone does kill germs. . ten " ,»
We Paid 8100,000 - - i i5±'£& '^^f§^^M
, ,, . , T . , is liquid oxygen-thc . best thing in co "P° n - Wc W1 » then mail you an
for the rights to Liquozone ' for -the the world for you, yet certain de- ? r^ er . °\ y ?X T loc *\ <*™gg»st for a
United States. We tested this prod- struction to disease germs, where- full - si2 ; e bottle, and we will pay
uct for years m the most difficult ever the Liquozone-laden blood goes youT d/uggist ourselves for -it.. This
germ diseases; thenwc bought these ' -. i »s our. free gift," made to convince you;
rights for the highest price ever paid v p^ nm r»3cr#»c>c»^cs to show you what Liquozone' is. and
for a scientific discovery. viwi ill Ulovaowo* what it can do. ; In justice to yourself.
We paid that price because Liquo- ~. . , < please accept it to-day, for • it > places
zone does what all the skill in the lliesc are the known germ dis- you under no obligation whatever,
world cannot do without it Any cascs - All that medicine can do for Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
drug that kills germs is a poison to thesc troubles is to 1 help Nature over- j ' " " " '"' '" ' " '' -
you and it cannot be taken internally 9°^ thc S« rms > and^such results.are CUT OUT THIS COUPON
Thc best physicians, the world Over !"., *? Snd uncer * a » n - Liquozone tor this offer may not appear again. Fill
employ Liquozone alone for ecrm kills the germs,- wherever they are, out the^ blanks^d mail. it to the Liquid,
trouble; and any -physician who and : the .results are Inevitable. By ozone Co... =21-229 E. Kinzie St.. Chicago.
doesn't is almost helpless in any destroying the- cause ; of the trouble My disease u ......I
fierza disease. it invariably ends -the disease, and 1 have never tried Liquozone. but if you
forever. will supply me a 60c bottle free I'will'
v .*_ * ¦ l 1 take it. ¦ -'¦'/''¦ ¦ '
JUSt OXV den. Asthma . Hay Fever-Influenza
•^ C> * Abscess— Anemia ' Kidney Diseases
Liquozone is simply liquid oxygen %£?$&„ &£$&
— no drugs, no alCOhOl, in It. It IS Bright's Disease . . Liver Troubles ..........
the discovery of Pauli, the great Ger- gSS^SSSlr' SS?SS?5gS5i«i ' ° 14 ' " " •••••.¦••••.•,...••....••
man Chemist, WHO Spent 20 years On Consumption Plies — Pneumonia- Giv« full address— write plainly. .''
it. His 'object was to get Such an Colic— Croup Pleurisy— Quinsy . . ., .. . .._ . . '
„.,,, n f oxvcrrn in stanle form i"ntr> "•Constipation- . Rheumatism , Any : physician or hospital ;not yet using
excess Ot oxygen in SUDie lorm into Ciairb_«u.«r • su n di«moi Ltquozone will, be gladly supplied for a test.- ¦
. / ADVEEiTisEaoarrs. ' '
, Your luck is assured if you trade at the new store.
\. ' lliliifl MM^ IH Every article is guaranteed by an ironclad guarantee of
\^ ¦„- ™ffipj|f satisfaction or your money back. You will find an immense
>/||gjr stock carefully selected and at prices that cannot fail to win
; your approval. Do not fail to call if you are in need of any-
"^TSfeM® 1^^ thin £ t0 complete the furnishing of your home. '<^f— gl —
iBm(fii3KT' irT ft*3s*^ «^^^^M»*^^x^MKmM I cjoiQcn unisrij xnrcc Qicivvcrs * . *; . _ . fe^-~^^2pj* fl (i /j $ \ . -^%^jf t"^'*i
¦vffipgff'NJl * *• * •r*^» ¦ '" *¦ I r' ~'y* Js>*y, ",!' ' r/f^i I \* Ql Crn \ nn will TIPV^I* fp^i^i ' \ M r * -'T
HHsl I§3C?:$^J^ W jWjs* I §H I with bevel French pln.te r '*'^*"Scar- . '¦ )^mL^ >^ >^^$fj : ?*|fBil
\3HfTmg BBJfflBBl KM bHi\ nine uoor rug up to /jew KjL^ojJi^'IQiJlBLia.. e£\<L
will S3¥fi ieSsI 1 ? h* A- \> ii^^^TfiKW *9SMKi^ ¦ t.- ..If YS , \~i tf^-^ t )W6'w3ll i*** *
mil ouic IesSH iiVj//n\iiJ ' L^^ u79£tf/ ui mmi'i. mum. ' "" I I * ""ci ) vs^" <. J/^S *«**/ I3S1 3
! t3 , C0 , st Hw/lPfi/ \MMt^itBI M
W& iiPi IMJif W?W&$m& im W§S$h£BB& Ml vM, ! MJK ym century.
gUaldn* \k*9 Jm3 maSvfiS iMEfflAffH mat WbL^^^A rjHJBHL. tgn/al S0I9 tllS"
teed< O-MIjIIE {lWmtWEALTHY . YOUNG CHICAGO
AN WHO DIED SUDDENLY
IN THIS CITY.
Twelve million pounds' worth of leather
is required every year to provide boots
and shoes for the Inhabitants of Great
Britain.
Irving's Company Sails.
LONDON. I Oct. 10.— Sir Henry Irving
and his theatrical company sailed to-day
for New York on the Atlantic Transporta
tion steamer Minneapolis. Sir Henry's
company consists of eighty-two persons.
BELGRADE. Servia. Oct. 19.— Colonel
Alexander Machin, the former Minister
of Public "Works, who took a prominent
part in the assassination of King Alex
ander and Queen Draga, has been ap
pointed to the command of the Belgrade
and Danube division of the army. Tho
Skupshtina will adjourn next week for a
month, so as to give the Government tlmo
to draw up contemplated bills.
The Military Court of Appeal ha« con
firmed most of the sentences Imposed
September 29 on the army officers who
were charged with conspiracy against the
murderers of King Alexander and Queen
Draga. In the case of four of them their
terms of imprisonment were increased.
Colonel Machin Is Given Command of
Belgrade and Danube Division
of Army.
PB0M0TI02MS BEWABD
OF LEADING KEGICI353
. LONDON. Oct. 10.— A man named I* F.
Cody . left Dover for Calais at noon to
day in a collapsible boat drawn by a kite.
A good northwesterly breeze was blowing.
Great interest was manifested in Cody's
attempt to cross the English Channel,
which, however, failed. When a mile and
a half oft shore the navigator appeared
to be in difficulty and he ultimately aban
doned his attempt. After being three
hours at sea the boat was towed back to
Dover. In an interview Cody said the
kite served splendidly until the wind
failed. He is confident he can accomplish
the channel trip.
I*. F. Cody Fails in Attempt to Steer
Frail Craft From Dover to
Calais.
TRIES TO CROSS CHANNEL
IN A KITE-TOWED BOAT
, It is stated that on January 1, 1903, there
were 1124 bituminous .coal mines in opera
tion in :¦ Pennsylvania.^ as compared with
948 on December. 31. 1900.. . : .
SULPHUR SPRINGS, Colo., Oct. 10.—
James Kelly, a hunter and trapper about
GO years of age, has been found dead on
Chlpman Creek, nine . miles from this
place. "'.'.with two bullet wounds in; his
back. ,;Aa*the bullets were at different
caliber It Ia supposed he was ' shot by
two persons. It • is alleged that he had
incurred; the enmity of ¦. cattlemen by kill-
Ing steers for bear, bait.
A ged Hunter Shot to Death .
room. Kohn told him on the way to this
city that he had. not made a will. Jones
says Miss Webb- also went by. the name
of Mrs. Williams and another name which
he had forgotten, and she claimed to be
long to a family in Kentucky.
, Kohn had a pocketbook under his. pil
low containing $1000 in currency and $2000
in drafts, which Miss Webb. told him she
had taken, as she was without a cent
in the world. The witness expected to
get some change, hoping Miss .Webb
would send him to buy the railroad ticket,
but she sent the bellboy Instead and left
him without a cent.
Jones' statement In reference to the
Jones oh Thursday, , in _ order, to induce
sleep, also gave Kohn a dose, of two -and
a quarter teaspoonsful of dormio. a prep
aration of chloral,, a remedy that had
been recommended ' by Dr. Edwards I of
Corohado Beach last spring. ; He usually
took three teaspoonsful; but -.two -and'; a
quarter teasaoonsful/ was all ¦ that there
was In the bottle at : the. time*. !; The ".re
mainder, of the morphine the witness gave
in charge of the ' nurse when he left ¦ the
She had kept company,. with Kohn be
fore that time, but the witness never un
derstood that she was his wife. Since he
had been In the service of Kohn he had
never been absent long enough from
Kohn for, Kohn to have married any
body. At the date given by Miss Webb,
or Mrs. Kohn, as the time she married
Kohn at Beulah, Wis., Jones said, .Kohn
and he were at a watering place In In
diana. Jones met the woman first at Lake
Beulah last July, when she and Kohn oc
cupied a cottage together there.' They
came to San Francisco through the rec
ommendation of Dr. Shiels for, treatment.
They arrived here on Tuesday afternoon
at 3 o'clock. On Wednesday morning
Kohn's temperature was 102.6, and the
doctors persuaded him to remain in bed
that day, which he did. \ On Thursday
about 3 p. m. he went to. the sanitarium
and Dr. Gedge , told' him that he couid
continue the use of m'orpnine until Friday
morning, when the treatment would, be
begun. Kohn was of a very nervous tem
perament, and for that reason he request
ed Jones to remain, with: him ' 4 untll ; he
went to sleep. Jones administered a hy
podermic dose of one grain- of morphine
before Kohn went to sleep, which was ai
9 o'clock. Jones said he then went to the
Palace Hotel. He did not think that Kohn
committed suicide, because he did not be
lieve that Kohn .had the. courage to take
his own life. . i
KNOWS OF NO WILL.
Coroner Iceland's office and made a depo
sition in which he says he is a resident
of 2625 Indiana avenue, Chicago, and that
he is a graduated nurse of Bellevue Hos
pital of New York City.
On October 19, 1901, he said, he entered
the service of Abraham Kohn. He -and
his employer left Chicago a week ago last
Friday for the purpose of seeking medical
treatment In this city for the morphine
habit. He understood that Kohn had
been addicted to the use of morphine for
two years before he entered his service.
At De Kalb, 111., Jones says. Miss Webb,
as he knew her, Joined them.
KEPT COMPANY WITH KOHN.
woman who claims to be the widow of
Kohn made to the Coroner varies mate
rially from that he made to several of
his newly made colored acquaintances in
this city yesterday! To them he said that
the drafts of the dead man had been
turned over early In the day to a local
financial firm and by it shipped by ex
press back to Chicasro.
This plan, the valet intimated, was car
ried out in order to avoid any possible at
tempt on the part of the local Public Ad
ministrator to gain possession of them.
As to the statement that Mrs. Kohn en
gaged a bell boy to purchase her ticket to
Chicago, it can be easily refuted by tha
man who sold it to her at the ferry build
ing and by several persons who witnessed
her purchase the same and sign the name
of Mrs. Kohn at the bottom of the ticket.
One of . the last to bid Mrs. Kohn good
by was Jones, and If he had knowledge
that she was wrongfully in possession of
his late master's funds he made no effort
to regain them.
Mrs. Kohn, Just before she went aboard
the Santa Fe boat, referred to the money
she had taken from Kohn's clothes. She
said that when Dr. Gedge advised her to
proceed Immediately to : Chicago she real
ized that she did not have sufficient money
with her to make the trip and at once
went : to the t dead man's clothes, from
which she took all the gold they pos
sessed, a trifle over $150. She said that the
balance of his money was in drafts.
The woman Is now well on her way to
Chicago, where she will arrive a day in
advance of the body of .the man she says
was her husband." Just what will follow
Is only a matter of speculation, but those
who | were ' slightly -¦ acquainted with ' the
young woman believe that -¦ her ; relatives
there will see that she is properly repre
sented by . a', lawyer; and her widow's
claims laid before , the courts " In , which
the estate of the deceased young capital
ist is"", to' be settled. .
The refusal of the hospital attendants
to admit that Kohn was dead hours after
it had become known that he had died,
and after Dr. Gedge had so advised the
dead man's relatives in Chicago, is now
said by the hospital attendants to have
been due to instructions issued by Dr.
Gedge, who had charge of the case. The
valet, Philip Jones, on Friday, ten hours
after his master died, visited the hospital
on two different occasions to inquire of
Kohn's condition, and both times he was
informed that his master was improving.
It was not not until long in the afternoon,
after his return from his second visit to
the Adler . Hospital, that Jones learned
that Kohn was dead. E;ven then he was
unable to confirm the news at the hos
pital. Why the valet, who had been at
tending Kohn for two years and had been
the servant of the Kohn family for years
previous, should have been denied the in
formation is as much a mystery as the
other strange incidents attending the
death of the young man at the hospital.
Before starting for the East last even
ing Jones told several persons that it had
been the intention to quietly ship the
body East, but this plan was abandoned
when It was found that the newspapers
were looking into the case. Prior to hid
departure for Chicago Jones appeared at
MYSTERIOUS ATTENDANTS.
-The previous night the doctor gave out
the statement that Kohn's death was due
to tuberculosis. The young woman who
claims to be Kohn's wife, and who was
with him when he died, has made the
statement that her husband passed away
shortly after midnight Friday, over
nine hours before the hour mentioned In
the death certificate.
THE body of Abraham H. Kohn, ¦
the young Chlcagoan. whose sud- i
den death at the Adler Hospital •
early Friday morning has been
Ehrowded in mystery, was started
on its way to his former home last night
Accompanied by Phillip Jones, the former I
valet of the deceased, the body was ship- !
ped on the Central Pacific overland at 6 \
o'clock and with Its departure there was i
closed an incident that for a time prom- j
Ised to develop quite a scandal. '
So far. Dr. Gedge, who treated Kohn at j
the Adler Hospital, where he died, has !
failed to explain the reasons that '
prompted him to make contradictory |
statements concerning Kohn's death and |
to decline to furnish information regard- j
Ing the affair. He still appears in the j
light of making no effort to correct the
public impressions that have been i
formed. Yesterday morning he filed a
certificate of death at the health office, j
in which he sets forth that Kohn died
at 10 o'clock Friday morning, and that
the chief cause of death was morphinism '
and the contributing cause cardiac par
alysi?.
Contradicts Young Woman's
Claim of Marriage to
A. H. Kohn.
VALET DENIES
LATE MASTER
LEFT A WIFE
the sa^ ri? akcisgo call, sunday, October 11. 1903.
29
JOE ROSENBEBQ'S. _ | „ JOE * BOSENBERCPS. | : y- JOE EOSENBEEG'S. | ;• JOE BOSENBEEG'S. - . | /.,. JOE
ill 1 \L* ' ! f f 1 I ipC
g^ gj *p— , PRICE CUTTERS , >N^%^w ' 8 \
THF RF^T IVFIA/^ IM THF PAPFR TO-HAY* 1 V^^^SsyUvr^ ' '
tfUMrP )l\w™'t' / IIIL DLOl liLWO III IIIL. rttrLll IU I/HI. , *^> '
*«^JW*&>.>> __ __ There's bargain meaning in every line of this advertisement - prof itable L= •
¦\ reading in this list that follows. We have many more good offerings, but too small a quantity to advertiserf
fan Goods Are Arriving and Summer I The Scientific Fitting of Corsets a I .Odds and Ends. in Hosiery I What We Say Is. Exactly What We I it's Easier to Count Gash'Than
Good Must Go Specialty in Which We Excel. That fl we bought from a jobber - HflMi Merchandise
*v Se a?e Sl soi of our o f - l/the cirrent fashion the' abso- ™£ ; -five^per cc ,nt Have you ever worn the CHOW* tS!" ana
'tvfflk- ferings in LADIES* KNIT- i u te correctness of the corset is more ™ ! * jr 7 j u.?! 7 rKiacB WAIST? There is no better fitting /BIS "hall (traveling salesmen)
•¦¦:J%V> neck than ever of vital importance. Its effects, ladies' and children's. or wearing waist than these madel gf ffii%^co\^B e dffi^
/C-/X ' and no sleeves, • neck and ii nes either make or mar the beauty inequality now ........... 7c we were his preferred costomere and J8» V*Ji2& S?.^? i/^iU?; t*^
¦.W r a uT^ou^t,»^brafd d of the smartly modeled gown. Our «e quality now 10c he Eave them to „ aixty . flvo cents %
VS|k made of Italian B iik. in sk m e d corsetieres have made a close 25c quality now . 19c on the dollar— mostly all white, a 5^ wll J ««„ th . e benefit- of our
Ml i effect^n 0 trtSr r bluS QU a"S and careful study of the individual ¦ few in stripes and color—made of SSl.
white.' At the price-cutter's requirements of different figures, j^fes^fe3S^ffir^^^fSte imported Oxford, cheviot and pique, as ri t"<w C Sould. I ' tberally made "^ ****
;••••• 50c and w i t h this very thorough knowl- j§t^^v^ f jS^^U?^ box-plaited and tucked. This fall's A few examples of ths way we will
More Ladies' Ye5tS — the GOOd Kind. edge, together with the large S^™^^WV)\|?| newest creations. They are not the "Virst^LADIES' PETTICOAT, fln-
- Mado of mercerized lisle, high nock varieties of all different styles, they L'i^^^T^^^^^s^A^yA'^^'^ I cheapest at a poor price, but the lahed with an eleven-inch flounce and
sleeve™* Sd ° r the 1S kid!flUi^ d kind' are cnabled t0 fit P« rfectl y fi S* res <&r^^^W^ . best at the lowest. ZSi^teVU'g^TSli^&xtfSSZ.
Now..' ; "... .....4 -r of every, proportion. « ' . ' lf . - ni ?2.00 quality, sample price .. $1.25 % t rco^ e ' CUt^ni^ : '''vKmcoAT
RpfldAil fhain* 'M ?3Sfifi%5 This i8 dOne 1CSS tim6) &t le8S Whatever YOU BUY, TIllS IS the StOre ?2.5O quality, sample price ..91.75 m ade C of merceri^d meen. finished^ w&
DedUtU UidMb dUU Hebildieb. expense and, as a rule, f ar more sat- m , i ¦" «,,„." v«« u;««« S3.50 aualitv saiaBl« nrie« S2 fi«S ten-inch flounce, with a narrow ruffle
More in demand than ever, and you f V " fl . t L_ ,_ '„•+« ™«rf» +n Tliat SaVCS YOU M0n6y. i« «X 11* np , prXC0 ** ?<<J "* 5 and also dust ruffle; real worth J12.0O a
will find our prices a little lower. . . i*factorily than in corsets made to - A " u w watIt vat $4 * 50 «l«»Uty, sample price . . $2.50 dozen; sample price 75c
NECK CHAIN, full .2 inchts^ lonj; order. „ UE S in the latest fall styles; made of ===-========*===«==« a = == = =^^ . T.iliae* p Awn .
blue turquoise beads, four- Btrands CORSETS riTTEI) FREE. V fast black iron frame alpaca, box pleat- Motflimihr WaicfP LattieS U0W11S.
Klise^rf Sd 1O y n ou Fitting Rooms on Main Floor. w }a^a£fiiS?SilI? t !!!5i t&g «»JS^^ them l^g^iiS^^tSL!^
8 A fo E nW m ?> d ur P^^^^^^ -¦ ¦•¦'S^^^SffiSL'i. Another Ladies' Waist 100 Doz. Ladies' Vests. --
BEADED CHAIN or. NECKLACE., 54 Th = stout figure is AUUlUBr LdUICb HdlbL. Constructed on lines in accord- /Kfl \ Made of Australian wool,
inches lone, in turquoise or crystal, \ lengthened into Made of imported French flannel, trim- .jj.-'-jij, th . _ M(1 nf „„- „ „„, MNK4 \ hiirh neck and Ions
highly polished. You will not appreciate K > in L 1 j r ,-,c +h-Bl.n ?^ ed w L th , clpht t « ilor / stItche f d , tuck , s ance 1 tn « n «Q of such a gar- j&g3 ] slee ves. kid-fltUn>r. Jersey
thtm until you gee them at this low V^^ST shapeliness, the slen- down the front; also fancy stock col- ment. Adjustments have been prop- ¥1133 / knit; some ore slightly lm-
Good Morniag! WmS?m$MS More Good-Offerings in SampU W? Mi$W$^M
And here are some ¦ PettlCOatS. I1J Q|jj pgJJ B&8.UtlfieTS dild DldDB
|o°j offering m rib- R O yal Worcester— the Genuine Kind M ade of extra heavy fast black alpaca, Just RecdYed the Fewest Shaoes of v#rt« ft™ irriv^d
Ff^f 5 * ALL SILK TAFFETA _ , . . . . deep flounce, trimmed with tailor stitch- " Olp " wwwl « u i l «w HODCair kJiltt^Ca Ul \fl$ UaJB AlflYeU. •
t^J^^A. RIBBON, alpaca finish, _^f^^ ". Tney give.a cnic and ed ruffle.^ also dust ruffle. Liberal in EaUl'DOlSB Waists DRAPE VEILS-Made of all snk chif-
T,"*!. * 8 ?, U 5 ¦ d0 . tt<^ effe . c , t ' 8( J s l! & A daint y ZS***' with .an width and length; % less than or tquipuiao HJUilb. fon. M Inchei to^g. with [hemstitched
nbbon width full five inches wide, rich Eg ,} «l r of stvl^ and allow selUnff prlce S^.oO Quite an improvement on the old and chenille dotted borders. In brown.
l^l§^t0m%^^i ¥/$) r 7 p"rfect he«"l ta FdU IMkleir Il'lllMBf. fit p,rf,ct Iy and n, on. fi^^S^^pSg
More Honey-SaTing Prices in Kibbons. gj*g SSJ 1^ 1 ?^ ..^"V^,^ 1^^^ "S
cardinal, lemon, white and black; re^u- fits in firmly, inclining the hody to T, HE WALDOR k' -rT , * acriflced b 7 wearing the Hats draped free with theso new veils.
Sp^S^pPl^P gracefulness 7 ' ;For medium, slender ' 7||\ " SK |j!7| e£a Price ,. $225 Sal . 0WirriMtrMi j^
Teneriffe Lace or Wheel Work orstout flgures> Prlce " 59 Cents— Clocks From Schwarzwald Dress Shields. .
Is all the craze for waist or dresa trim- '..; ' f ft lIi C o -" Finished with pearl buttons. Trlce.3r»e n, > Washable and. odorless, nainsook
ming. Why not buy one of these wheels ¦ U0 HCab. THE MARGUERITE TAB and COL- ucmiallj. covered. Only to be had at the prtc*-
and make your own lace? Made of hard . *n, Made of fmnnrf*a WIapti LAR, made of heavy cheviot and Th«» <\1A v«*v., «»»». cutters at the low price of 6c tor
rubber, with five rows of perforated fW J"tte or imported Wteen, trimined with fagpoting work. In blue. ft --. «. f e ° ld Father Time medium size; large size 8c
holes so as to make five different sizes '. v¥ ¦ boned : "throughout with red and black. Price......... 25c fe- J§?, \ Clock, natural carved mv r * n. r t> • i%
makrthe S lLe Slm Ai%he h price a cu?ter- e Can '^t \ unbreakable- steels, cir- THE FEDOSIA. over tab and collar. M&&k& . wood, with white bone - K ° l "^3 M KMl
|gg|^^g^^g| : Hg^fiUSSHg^g^^ Illr -^;,lon ec hain^th . ' p W. p ha ve some .ood^U
xrj.. in f pn j c ,; W/,,- black or white. The ized band. Price 25c CggST heavy bronze pendu- PRICES. We hart «ie»e
P CHILD'S KNITTED COr" "vl^i ?^f D . " P LadlCS' "M[t MtlSMS. 1^ W A good time keap- Vfr^ SSJ^wft^Vffi SS
ij4 SE^^fsT^SI^ .S2S: 4p** Btraightfofront garters Made ofLonsdale cambric If «r. -You-can't-realtee W^| i fjcji Pj.
//k'M shrunk yarn, jprscyknit. double <V^ with button clasps at- and trimmed with two rows M what a pretty clock vtShS^-^ .. r r, P - it a:. d so will
VU-feJ-!/ rows °f washable buttons, ? o '«'h«ri "Vmi to-411 nWnrenfnto ?Via «Wl of insertion and finished with }|3 +>,,•«. j- „„.* >.t. •, -wr%&*-' s »' y X- " ,. , ,-_. ,, ,
gft S£^^.S v"u; d of the™ .rS-r^X.^ *g, pS'iHSS i SS.^T^lX as-^^ss^asS
Metiers ! •¦• — .-"^ 50c | ». &£ B « S^£ 11 a^su^s. 59c Bi^ kr ----^^
tSS-rfS TSS-uS^ftfeS™":-- .;-*«*-*«»- «~ 'r • »Z a S.?™Ki.i Wby Not Hue Comfort ZT S '--.-"°«" -»^- a^
CHILD'S VESTS, Swiss ribbed,' made 111/ QfA-po JTppn Hair Rm<lhP«l_WA y o-i.ao UUJf «Ul DdJC tUilllUn Hp-a price 75c
of fleece-lined yarn. hi K h neck- and Ions AM " lUiC5 > RCC P nali BlUiUC!) «t5 Tn Thfi^P Whn H^VP Mad? Hand MfldP anrt FflCP P^Sfl m ft MoV« ThiV n TW™ TiT« R T, n i
sleeves, medium weight, velvet finish; I/pan HllP Kind tTlP Rpct DUb ' 1(D0 nd¥e fflaQe UaQU-Mdue aflQ taSe • RfHq TO MaKO TlllS a BuSY Uttl. Uttl S
in gray or ecru .-25c ..¦••.¦AMp-UUO A1UU, IU0 DBbl- • Rfl ttftllllPFtf TldlfiS By wearing the new Floro- WjSi C Amft HHb Ttflme or Cmaii lhn/i ae
PANTS, ankle length, French band. Made of solid back, In clear white hog DttllCUUCffi 1111103. dora foh and sk , ft Ufter? u RTil bOIIId L1UI8 llfilDS ai offialJ ITICCS.
made of same quality as above. Price bristles; you -will appreciate the price „, . ' .__ ¦ We will sell them to you attaches to your belt or JSM-W BACK COMBS— Made of extra. h»ivr
• • --"5c when you see them ;35c for less than you can waist by a patent hook, and jS}f. : .\ Italian shell, long and ' smooth Thl
Ladies' Eqistriu Tights— tHe Par- a ™? «« *™^« t t%&iM *ml™Si^ » >Ef^SS 'M Sift^SFrHiS^
ticnlar Kind for Particular gk ' ¦ tEnsr&JP *r at «^ » t .i^r'SSlSW; savl ° S5tore «« SSffi.K^SSfS
gfr Women. @| SAAtS . ifkS^-".^^?^^..^^- ff A Surprise Party In OnrHislin
w. mt^p of nirkpd Fevnt'nn ored fancy stripes. Mikado •.-•-.•«* ~^. n B :». m .i ninmtm^f kind, small and medium siie3. Per
¥ »«!?'& .SsfTii ¦*$> tSrei »S- 5. nd .h«" P e ?K! Anotler— Bnrean Scarf or Runner. n i? lI ? n 2 r Dl gJ? l ?L r '^^^^siipi^i^M^^
ffi KS«b"Sdl"m Vel|ft.*T"u- cutter ' ! 4 » c 57 lnch« ions and IS Inohe, wide. m^d. |X KA^'lfiiSiS SHKAK^Stttt
JS SS**.^| 1 . Lower in Price f i^LSS^SLSffS: Si t^
tms P THANTniTwmiTnrY - Battenberg lace. A limited quantity at ij torchon lace also insertioiL t fe f p r Mriqrii^"' 1 v™^ 10 . C
_, . i% _, , . „ mm m j -tit THAN YOU WOULD lUJi.- ' j» a llmltpd nrice SS"I Tt p.i,,. "•*»*. lArft .MLAatnba — Numbered on
There s One TMnfi You Will Find — We pectto buy them for. £L UBUteQ p e »i.<o pnee O oc both 8ldcs; the 8Oft kind that wm not
lUW0»UUDimU5 1Ull UiaiUlU UO_ LO NG KIMONAS made of %^±:- break: 60 Inches long. Only.... l c each
nrpTrnthffll 111 OUT AfiVftrtlSfimfiniS - * German, eiderdown, in color- V«Sf B f\ f- BlAAriinmA TMF DDIPF PIITTFD Hooks and eyes, with DAVID
ArGllUlUlUllUUUlAUIOluacUiOUU. ed fancy llgured deaigns. Jap- \f$f lllr Via%FAIIrPl. ¦ 11 tl rKlttl-LUi I tK KEESER patent hump, in black or
We are overstocked in N^mandy • ane?e sleeves. extra wide fH\ iBIii |\ \S %3 1 I \ Bj 1 |* II ========== enamel, large or small sizes, 2 dozen
Valenciennes or Point de Paris lace; in skirt., sleeves and down the llU\ . ,-W "" l * vvl - l * l/t - l * v . for.... . le
fleur de Us, bow knot and flower de- front, trimmed- In solid col- tt/wiS ftIC M^i-I/nf oi. M .i ¦¦ fk'ir^^^^ll Oi-J>nn» SHIRT WAIST SETS— Mada "nf"n«rl
signs; the good, waahable kind; full four ors to match. Monday and uw ' . . Olb iVlarket OtrCCl. II 0 rarrCll btreet. mu metal- three plnj In a jet with
inches wide. Price .ISc Tuesday, price ............... ...... S1.7S MAIL ORDEBS SOLICITED. ' Q»b»on head ...lScaiet
ADVEBTISEoXENTS.
>©©o©©C9®oooee9oa©e©o©oeoooocoooooooceo©©to<
I THE SECRET OF SUCCESS,
> REPUTATION OF A PHYSICIAN DEPENDS UPON HIS ABHJTY TO PROP-
| - * erly manage his cases, and In no one class of diseases Is the result of Ills treat-
| Kent so manifest as in disorders of the male.
) . By, patient study and careful experiments I have dereloped a treatment for tha
) troublesome afflictions of men that has proven by the successful handling of hundreds
9 - ' _ of cases to be as nearly specific as It Is pcssible for a treatment
S S~' to "** — • treatment that cures CONTRACTET> AILMENTS quickly.
\ f ,^Cv sffely and pleasantly In 6 to 12 days. VARICOCELE la. 6 days,
./ ttWL- HYDROCELE In 7 days. STRICTURE tn 10 days. RCPTURJE.
9 [ SS PILES and FI3TCLA la 20 days. PROSTATIC TROUBLES In 3O
9 €5S <«*<v Ktjdays. NERVOUSNESS. WEAKNESS. LOST MANHOOD. KID-
| KH SQgS tfPf NEY AND BLADDEK TROUBLES In SO to 60 days, and BLOOD
* I / ft!/ FOISON la °° da ' r "'
l/Hb?^ -f My system of treatment Is reccgnlied and Indorsed by the
) tffl&fygfi // most eminent men In the medical profession and thousands of
9 IPp*** / people in all walks of life know frcm actual experience that my
9 St^eL' ' J\ statements are true. I furnish bank or personal reference if de-
I xb^kL—^^^V sired, and give a written guarantee to cure perfectly and perma-
S Tf^ /\ /» nently. or refund money.
I I mk /. CONSULTATION and PRIVATE BOOK on above ailments
I I J&l I FREE 'at office or by mall: -Terms reasonable.
C-.I/T HOI CM AM I*! Tl 729 Market st.. S. F. Top floor. .
'. IV. 1 I V-'l r .OJ»lr\l > l » I 1* VJ* Hours— U to s daily; Sunday. 9 to IS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
AS SURE AS
THE SUN RISES
So Certain Will Be Your Cure of Piles if
Tea Desire Imnsdiatj Belief
From Pain.
Are you suffering from the agonizing disease
of r'l-s? Is your life one of pain and un-
bappinete and misery? Do you want to b»
cured? Your cure will be certain, complete
and as lasting as your life by using a simple,
natural remedy that elves Immediate relief.
No knife, no torture, no pain and applied In
the privacy of your own home. The Pyramid
Pile Cure has never failed even In the most
aggravated cases. It Is in the form of a
suppository and is applied directly to the af-
fected parts, giving Instant relief. It will
cure you just as certain as you try It. Of this
there is no question or shadow of a. doubt.
A prominent Milwaukee lady says: "For
years I suffered intense agony from piles. My
•nerves were shattered and many time* I
prayed that death might release me from my
torture. No one on earth can ever know, what
misery and pain I endured. -Pyramid Pile
Cure cured me completely, thoroughly and per-
manently. For two years I have not , had a
symptom of piles. I can never thank and
praise you enough for this blessed deliverance."
pyramid Pile Cure is for sale by all drug-
gizts at GO cents a package. . If npt kept by
your druggist, will be sent on receipt of price
by Pyramid Drug Co., Main St., ,- Marshal;,
Mich.
Write for free booklet on the nature, treat-
ment and cure of piles. '
OCEAN. TRAVEL.
COKPAGXIE GEKEBALE TEANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINK TOT HAVRE-PARIS,
bailing every Thursday Instead °*^5jK?5»
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from PUr 42, «iar»gj
North Kiv*r. foot of Morton street. ~-
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
EHAL AGEXCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue.' - San Francisco.
TickHn «cM by nil Railroad Ticket 'Agents.
r il&x* I«laad and Vallejo 8 teaman.
Steamer GEN. FRIBBIETor MONTICEL.LO—
9:43 a. m.. :t:I5 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. »: « a.,m., 8:30 p.m. Leave . Valley,
7. a. in., 12::» noon, 0 p.; ra.. cx."SunfiayV: Sun-
<lay. 7 a m..' 4:15 p.'m.' Fare/ 00 cents. Tel.
Main I7*k. Pier 2, Misslon-tt. dock. HATCH
EROS. RSK
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m6dewt~
A Few Suggestions That May
Prove of Value.
A Record That Speaks lor Itscil— Sonic
Prices ca the Renowned DccKcr & Son
Pianos- A Siring ol Used Pianos —
General Pommer-Eilcrs Store News.
You are in doubt as to where to buy a
piano.
You are In do'-bt about which make of
piano to buy.
If a. naa upon whose judgment you can
rely told you that he boug-fat a piano from
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COMPANi'i
nearly two years agro; if he said that the!
instrument was always perfectly satisfac-
tory; that it had been pronounced a fine
piano by all of his musical friends and
callers; that he had been accorded most
courteous and considerate treatment by
the POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COM-
PANY, and that, last but not least, in
dealing with the POMMER-EILERS MU-
SIC COMPANY he had actually effected
a sartr.£ of something like $100 in the
price of . his ' piano, wouldn't this induce
you to come bere for your piano? It cer-
tainly would.
A VAST ARMY OF FRIENDS.
TYa commenced Business here about
twenty months ago.
We shall be fiad to supply you a list of
five hundred business men and •women of
San Francisco, all cf whom purchased
their pianos of us eighteen months ago
and who will tell you practically what we i
have outlined above.
There are 1L0O prominent business men
and women of California who have had
one of our pl&nos for over twelve months,
and there are over 500 who have owned
one of them for over six months. All. we
are sure, will cheerfully verify what we
hsve said in the above.
Would it net pay vou to investigate
this?
Other dealers who are not in position to
openly and fairly compete will permit
themselves to epeak disparagingly of
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COMPANY,
their methods and their instruments; but
bear in mind that you cannct very well
expect to hear of the good qualities of
our pianos and as to the reliability and
trustworthiness of this firm from dealers
v.'ho have instruments of their own to
sell.
No honest man will dare to dispute the
high class and character of the Instru-
ment* sold by POMMER-EILERS MUSIC
COMPANY.
' If you v.-ili investigate th« matter you
will find that with our facilities we are
in a posltlcn to furnish a better piano for
le?s money than can be obtained from any
other dealer or agency.
"We are now selling as many pianos as
.irp sold b\ any other two houses in Cali-
fornia. --..-• I
Watch rh»? onward and upward course
of San Francisco's "busiest and best
piano store." ....
WHAT WE CAN DO NOW.
A number of Deckers left over from last
wfdfc's sale arc still to be had at a very
si'tfctantial reduction.
iStip the beautiful mottled walnut Deck-
er npitftht. slightly used. $2S5.
Choice brand new Decker baby uprights
at a raving of S14S from regular price.
A beautiful large Orchestral Decker '
cabinet grand -upright at a saving of $1RS. i
A STKIKS OF USED ONES, TOO.
Scarcely Jv>day passes but what we take'
JK-veraJ old p'-aiias of various makes to- !
va!«] payment, of choice new ones: .some i
of tbcpinin fact, are yuite new. -Amongi
thr list to-morrow will \>e found:
EleRiint Kimball. mottled walnut, used ;
less than two years. $2£3.
Kroejr.fr. fancy walnut. 51®.
AnUscll, good tone. $13T>.
Fischer, mahogany <*ase. $165.
Foreign upright, $G5.
And alFo quite a number of excellent!
F<juar<» pianos at prices rarging' from JCS j
for a Vosi- in fair order to $s5 for a beau-
tiful Hailet & Davis square piano. I
AS TO PAYMENT.
All of our instruments are for sale on
the POMMER-EILERS easy payment
plan, giving the purchaser practically
thr«-e years in which to complete the pur-
chase. :'.J.-.-
Remember, too, that our unconditional
guarantee. "Money back if your instru-
ment is not absolutely satisfactory or as
represented." goes with every purchase,
large or small.
In addition to this we furnish a regular
factory warranty on every piano or organ
sold, which warranty If duly counter-
signed by us.
Do not forget the number. 653 Market
Ftreet. below the Examiner building.
POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COMPANY.
San Francisco's busiest and beet piano J
ytore.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
® Steamers leave Eaa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketrhikan. Wrangel,
Jur.tau, Halnes. Skagtvay.
etc. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Oct.
8, 13. 18. 23. 23. Nov. 2.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townwnd. Seattle. Ta-
ccma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 8, 12
l*i. 23. 'A. Nov. 2. Chana-e at Seattle to
this company's strainers for Alaska «md »j}. >T.
Ry. ; at Seattle cr Tacca-.a to X. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humbol(2t Ba,y) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Oct. 1.1. 19, 25. 31, Nov. 6; Corona, 1:30
p. n.. Oct. 10. 16. 22. 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Aneeles <v1a Port Los Angeles and
Redcndo). Ean Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Kohl, Sundays. 0 a. m.
Ftate of California, Thursday*. 9 a. m.
For l»s Aretes {via Saa Pexlro and East
San iv.dro*. Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. Fan Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueceme.
Cow Bay. 3 a. m.. Oct. 8. 16. 2*. Nor. 1.
nor'.ta, 3 a. in.. Oct. 12. 20. 28, Nov. 5.
For Kr.Fer.ada, Mardalcna l?ay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each j
month.
For further inforn-.etion obtain folder.
Rlrfct Is reserved to change steamers or tail-
in? <jgten.
TICKET OrriCES — 4 New Montgom-
«ry street (Palace Hcte!). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Fretcht offtce. 10 MarkM street.
C. V. DUNANN. Genera! Passenrer, Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
G. R. & N. CO.
••Co'.uir.Ma" sails r »ct. 10. 20. 30. Nov. 0. J9,
Zi. "Ofors'- W- Elder" s-ails Oct. 5. 15. 23.
Not. 4. M. 21. Only stramyhip l!a© to V\)VLT-
I.AND, OB., and rhcrt rail lin« from Portland
to nil i-o\v.lr EIt^t. TTirough tickets to all
rx.'.r.ts. all rail cr et?amsfclp and rail at iX)\V-
i;ST KATiCS. -Et'imer tickets Inoludo berth
*nd cit-als. ftc!»in»-r siils foct cf. Spear st. at
11 a. :.>. B. r. liOOTH, Oen. Afrt. Pa?rs. Dept.
! Wor.tsrrnery «».; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agi.
Krt'.fht l>'-rt.. 3 llor.tromery rt.
I9Y0 KISEN KAISHA.
(OZUENTAX. 6TEA1ISHU* CO.)
•E:e«J:itr» wtll leave i\harf, corner First and
Uraaaan ftreetn, at 1 ;>. m., for YOKOHAMA
s>nd HOXGKONO, oalllr.ir at Kob« (Hiogo),
. ¦<-: ii.s and Shanghai, and connecting at
i . ¦ ; .r ;. : v with eteamers fcr India. #tc. No
tarro received en board on day of sailing,
a. S. NIPPON MAni;...: = .
Thursday. October 15. 1003
E. E. AMERICA MAK«...^
Tuesday, November 10, 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU .'.
Thursday, December 3, 1003
Via Honolulu. Hound-trip tickets* at reduced
rat»fi. Ft frelrht and paEsace apply at «"om-
j.-ar.y - « c!flce. 421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVRBT, General Agent. ,
S.S. ALAKEDA, for Honolulu.Oct. 17. 11 a. m
F.S. MAIIIPOSA. for Tahiti, Oct. 20. 11 a m
P. K. SICRRA for Honolulu. Samoa. Aucitl
lsnd *rA .«y<Jn»r. Thurfday. Oct. 20. 2 p. m.
tt£iraffUi!m.88,i^.r«w«aB;M3rrittii
itt5ttB2J5t.3a tarkeJSLRtrlt UuSstl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMcBurney's ittK.
Kidney and )^|1|§
Bladder «
ONE BOTTLE CURB8.
'•¦' Chicago. 111.. April 8, 1896.
Mr. , W. P. McBurney, Los An- '
teles. Cal.— Dear Sir: It affords
me pleasure to testify to the ef-
ficacy of your Xldsay aad Blad-
der Car*. I _ have . been ¦ troubled
with my kidneys and bladder for
, over, four , years. , I have v been
treated by the best physicians of
this city during that time. (I
¦ mention two who stand at the
'head of the profession, viz.. Dr. C.
A." Purdy and Dr. Frank Walls.
* the latter being my son.)" 1 I, re-;
fret to say; they did m« no good.
was advised to spend the winter t
In your s glorious climate and > try
the ocean ; baths. I - visited ' - San :
Diego, Santa Monies and Santa
Barbara,: but received only tern- :
porary relief from ...e baths. On
the night I ; left -. home I got . a -¦
bottleof your medicine. The first'
j dose did me good, and I was well
when I. reached : home, and ; I can '
nay in conclusion that I am grate-
ful to i you. --¦ If . this : letter is of \
any use to you, - u»e • it. - - ,.
THOS.: WALLS.
Send 25c- for first, day'i treatment
and get relief In twenty minute*. Mc- V
Burney'B ¦ Kidney and Bladder Cur«. •
Prepaid. $1.60. 228 g. Spring \ 6tV Lo» .
Angelei. Cal. All Drug-glsts. -¦.: :, . ¦ ;
j Wi F^MnBURNgY 226 s. spring st \
'~j~. 108 A»91M5/CiL.';-'iJt:DrBffiiti.v*.Mrs. Elinor Glyn, who wrote "The Vis
its of Elizabeth" and "The Reflections of
Arobroslne," has finished a new book, en-
Tho first of Lord EUesmere's personal
reminiscences of the Duke of Wellington,
which Murray is to publish, promise to
make an interesting book. Lord Elles
mere was one of the Iron Duke's most
intimate friends, and he kept a record of
their association. These reminiscences
have not seen the light till now, when
they have been edited by Lord Ellesmere's
only surviving child. Alice, Countess of
Strafford. They rank in a way with the
Croker memoirs and with Lord Stanhope's
"Conversations," but cover different
ground.
number of novels, a department
in which this firm is making great
strides. Among these are "The Ad
venturer in Spain," by Crockett, which,
however, is not quite a novel; "Over the
Border," by Robert Barr; "The Wisdom
of Folly," being a tale founded on Cos
mo Hamilton's play of the same name;
"Wolfvllle Folk,"' by A. H. Lewis, author
of that well received book "Wolfvllle
Days," that book which, I believe, has
already created a great stir in America,
"The Kempton-Wace Letters." and also
"People of the Abyss," by that rising nov
elist, Jack London.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— We are now
beginning to learn what the
publishers intend issuing during
the season. Messrs. Isbister &
Co. are bringing out an unusual
In some cases the booksellers make s
kind of limited edition by buying sheets
from the publishers and preparing elab
orate bindings. Cedric Chlvers of Bath
pursues this course with Newnes" Cax
ton series, fifty copies of which appear
on Japanese vellum. The covers are band
painted from designs by that master.
Granville Fell, who is now the greatest
English decorative artist. Over the de
signs is spread transparent vellum, which
protects the colors, rendering them per
fect.
The practice of publishing limited! edi
tions, seems to be becoming quite an Insti
tution if one la to judge from the an
nouncements this week.
William Turner's work on "William
Adams," an old English painter and fa
vorite pupil of Wedgwood, a great book
for connoisseurs, is to be published in two
small editions, one of only thirty copies,
at 2 guineas, and one of 600 copies, at 3D
shillings. Messrs. Methuen also say they
have already disposed of the full edition
of thirty copies, at 5 guineas each, beforo
publication and of 200 copies, at 25 soli*
lings of Kipling's "Five Nations."
As most readers of Robert Louis Stev
enson know, his mother spent the years
1887-88 abroad with him. She then began
to write an interesting series of letters
to her friends at home. A first selection
of these, entitled "From Saranac to Mar
quesas," appears shortly from Messrs.
Methuen. Necessarily they have much
to say of the novelist, of whom English
readers never seem to tire.
titled 'The Damsel and the Sage." It
will be published by Messrs Duckworth.
GREAT MASTER OF ENGLISH. INTEREST IN "WHOSE LIFE WILL DI
RECT ATTENTION TO A SERIES OF LETTERS BY HI9 MOTHER.
SOON TO BE PUBLISHED.
» Special Information supplied , dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The revelation that California fruit-growers : are being robbed of the profit which belongs :, to
them by scheming, dishonest middlemen of the Eastern States; and of Europe suggests a congratula
tion and a plan of action. It is good to know that we have something worth* stealing and wise to ¦take
immediate steps to guard what is * legitimately* our own; ¦ ¦"; — •* ':'¦} ''r~ .'"-—— —
Toivnsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
• The Colorado, national guard is accused of the very serious' offense of having 'employed a gang
of superfluous and bogus generals and colonels during the Cripple Creek disturbances and of having
sought to pay the supernumeraries out of the State treasury... There is always two sides to a story,
however, and it is more than likely; that the Colorado national guard: will be able to prove that it could
not detect any difference between the bogus and the genuine .-• generals;-!- \;
Gabriel Dumont, who was. Louis Kiel's
right-hand man in the rebellion in north
west Canada eighteen years; ago, has re
turned to the territory from this coun
try, where ho has been living, since his
chief was executed after ' the suppression
of the trouble.
General Hunter, the gallant soldier who provoked an uproar of protest in British army, and
naval circles by declaring that the fire of the naval giins at Ladysmith was atrociously bad, says lie
is sorry he spoke, but his remarks still indicate 'his opinion. Everybody is consequently . happy, the
incident is closed and General Hunter, forgiven, has shown us how to re-express an opinion with
out cnangin & iu ; .
German warships are again hovering near Venezuelan waters in consequence of new and
aggravated outrages perpetrated upon German subjects by Castro. The bandit President of the
southern republic has evidently convinced himsel f that insult, robbery and murder from him must be
accepted by the nations as compliments.. He is rapidly forcing the world to believe that with him
there can be nothing to arbitrate.
"Star Spangled Banner," National antbem
V. E. A.
The audience is requested to arise and re
main standing during toe rendition of this
number.
March. "Alagazam" Holtzman
Overture. "Merry Wives of Winder," Nlcolai
¦\Valtz,« "IUcltii D' Amour" Waldteufei
Solo for Saxophone . '. . . • ...... 3. L. Mundwyler
Grand fcelectlon, "I'Lombardl" Verdi
PART II.
Overture, "Semeramlde" • Rossini
Descriptive fantasia, "The Dying Poet".. ... ¦
• ....:......... . Got t* chalk
Spanish ballet music, "Dlvertisement Espag
not" •• ....*. Desorraes
(a) Manana — Chilian dance. ........ . . .Mlssud
(b) Serenade ..". ....... Titl
' Benediction of the Pol unards Meyerbeer
"America."
Music at the Park.
The following programme .will be ren
dered by the Golden Gate Park band this
afternoon: ,
PART I.
Favors Geary Street for Boulevard.
Editor The Call: Permit me at this
time to address you on the Geary-street
matter, as the bond issue has been de
feated, and am pleased that it was and
hope that the city officials will see fit to
make the street into a boulevard, as the
city is amply supplied with street car
service and very deficient in driveways
for the coming automobile. The same
runs right through the center of the city
in an almost direct lino to the Cliff
House. In my humble opinion it would
be a credit to our city to have such a
highway established. Having such an
object in' view my vote was^cast against
the bond proposition.
AUGUSTUS JOHNSON.
City, October 9.
Andrews (Chicago Medical Recorder)
mentions the usefulness of the tuiing
fork in the diagnosis of fractures, espe
cially of the lone bones. The test is
made by placing the bell of a stethoscope
o% - er the bone near the supposed fracture,
where the soft tissues are as thin as pos
sible, and the handle cf a tuning fork as
close to the bone as possible beyond the
supposed Beat of fracture. The sound will
be transmitted through the shaft of the
bone to the stethoscope and through
the' stethoscope to the cars of the
examiner. When the bone Is intact, If
the test is properly made, the sound o* the
fork will be heard xvith great distinctness,
but if there is a lack of continuity the
sound will either not be »heard at all or
will be heard very faintly. By compar
ing the intensity of the sound on the «sus
pected side with the sound heard ! uuder
similar conditions on the normal side, the
question of continuity of bone can be de
termined. The test for fractures is based
upon the fact that bone is an excellent
conductor of sound waves, while the soft
tissue of the body conducts sound -waves
very poorly. The bell of the stethoscope
¦hould fit tightly to the skin and when
comparing the sound and injured sides
The investigations concerning the longi
tude difference between Greenwich and
Paris have now been completed. The work
has been of a particularly arduous and
protracted nature, necessitating enormous
calculations. Altogether the English and
French observers have carried out 230 ob
servations, equivalent to eighty nights'
work each. Two English and two French
observers have been engaged upon thp
task. The observations were made at
Greenwich and Paris simultaneously,
and in order to obtain absolutely similar
results the instruments were frequently
interchanged. The results of these ob
servation have proved both the Greenwich
and Paris existent meridians to be erro
neous, the calculations finally working
out Just between the two. The discrep
ancy, however, is very minute, being only
a small fraction of a second.— Scientific
American. ¦
Newton's law of gravitation, which
states that two bodies attract each other
with a force inversely proportional to the
square of the distance between them, has
been made the subject of an exhaustive
Investigation by Professor E. W. Brown
of Haverford College. Professor Brown
announces that his calculations show that
Newton's laws represent the motion of
our moon to within one-millionth of one
per cent and that no other physical law
has been expressed with anything like
the precision of its simple statement.
The lay of the land along the river and
the necessary height of the structure
above high-water plane made the ques
tion of approach a very troublesome one.
The difficulty was solved by John C. Me
lar of Hastings, who conceived and sug
gested the spiral approach, at the same
time donating the ground upon which it
is built. The object in view was to build
an approach that would not necessitate
the crossing or occupying of some of the
principal business streets of the city, and
at the same time would be long enough
to make an easy grade.
The spiral is a complete success in every
detail, and heavily laden teams find it
Just as easy to ascend or descend as the
straight approach on the opposite end of
the bridge. The ground inclosed within
the spiral has been converted into a park.
bridge over the Mississippi be
tween St. Paul, Minn., and Dubuque,
Iowa. The bridge and approaches are
constructed of steel and extend 75 feet
above low-water mark. Its length is 1370
feet, including approaches, and it has an
18-foot driveway and 4**-foot walk, which
terminates at the spiral approach end in
a stairway.
THE high bridge across the Mis
sissippi near Hastings. Minne
sota, which has now been in use
some time, has proved a success
In every way. Its cost was
$40,000. and it is the only free
According to Professor Richards of Le
high University, the waste gases from a
modern blast furnace are capable of de
veloping 10.000 horsepower if utilized In
suitable gas engines. It is interesting to
note in this connection that the great
Niagara Falls Power Company up to a
few months ago was only developing some
50,000 horsepower by its turbines, and even
now, the power available at three modern
blast furnaces would be capable of pump
ing back again all the water they use.
The principal outstanding difficulty in
utilizing these waste gases lies in the size
of the scrubbers necessary to clean the
gases before passing them into the en
gines. If they are not washed thoroughly
free from tar trouble arises from the
gumming up of the valves.
For manv months the oil consumption
of the world has exceeded the production,
for which reason financiers and merchants
have feared a possible exhaustion of the
oil fields. Reports published in the Man
ual of Statistics, however, show an ex
tensive decrease in the stock of crude
petroleum in the greatest of all Ameri
can fields, Pennsylvania, within the last
two years and figures of equal authority
indicate that for months the consumption
of oil from Pennsylvania and West Vir
ginia wells has been very largely in ex
cess of production. The stock of crude
Pennsylvania petroleum above ground in
December. 1900 was 13.174,717 barrels,
while in December. 1902, the amount thus
btored was only 5,539,127 barrels.—Scien
tific American.
the Instruments should be placed in the
same relative positions. The sound waves
will be transmitted through a fracture if
the two ends are crowded together: also
through a Joint, especially if the articular
Burfaces are forced together.
KT^Tioisr^LL rR/Rio-.A.TiON".
THE magnitude of the irrigation work undertaken by the Federal Government is just begin
ning to appear. Five great projects are under-way, one |in Nevada, one in Montana, one in
Wyoming, one in Arizona and one in Colorado. In California the Government has just with
drawn from entry in the Colorado Desert 760,000 acres, and last week filed on four' million
inches of water in the Colorado River, to irrigate. The importance: of this is at once seen when it is
known that this filing takes all the water, of the Colorado, not heretofore appropriated, and leaves
none for future private enterprise. This makes it supremely important' for the interests of the State
that this large amount of water be as soon as possible applied to the reserved land, that it may be
opened to the settlement provided for in the irrigation law.
Senator Newlands, the author of the law, says that the Nevada project is farther advanced
than the others. It takes water from the Truckee River in a canal thirty-two miles long, fifty-three
feet wide at the top and twenty-one feet wide at the bottom and fourteen feet deep. It is intended
to carry 1400 cubic feet of water per second, and will irrigate 344,000 acres. The fund to complete all
these works is derived from the sale of public lands, and amounts now to $i6> 197,836.
There has been much discussion about abandoning all State control of water and of irrigation
to the Federal Government. The consensus of opinion on that subject seems to be that such course
is not wise. The example, of Nevada is likely to bs followed. That State has a greater percentage of
public land than any other, as only about 3 per cent of its lands have passed into private ownership.
It would seem that there the Federal Government has a- freer hand than in any other part of the arid
region. Yet Nevada has passed a code of State irrigation laws; supplementing the Federal statute, and
providing for the co-ordination of the two jurisdictions.^
This is a subject of great importance to California, where but little land, comparatively, re
mains in the public domain. Under the law the Federal Government can file on the unappropriated
water of the Sacramento and San Joaquin, as it has on that of the Colorado. But the land that can
be irrigated by the water in those streams so filed is in private ownership. Taking away the water
makes its use for irrigation, by private enterprise, impossible. If the- landowners want the water
they must deal with the Federal Government. It will be seen that, such a situation requires the inter
vention of the State, and we can well afford to follow the example of Nevada in that respect.
The irrigation of the Colorado Desert is of very great importance, since it promises to bring
into action land that will add new. products to the list? of California crops. The Agricultural Depart
ment has conducted a long series- of observations on that desert, covering the chemistry of soils, tem
perature, air dryness and all the physical conditions which' affect production. These observations prove
positively that the region will produce in perfection the most valuable date of commerce, the deglet
noor, the date of light, which is now grown only- on the oases of the Sahara in Northern Africa. The
only requisite is water. When this is supplied the department is prepared to facilitate the supply of
a stock of date palms. At. present this greatest of the dates is transported by. camel caravans across the
desert to Mediterranean ports and is eagerly sought in Europe at a high price. But little of the fruit
reaches this country, as the nearer demand exhausts the supply.
If it is domesticated on the Colorado Desert it will add several -millions a year to our fruit
export and will further notify the world of the wonderful resources of California.
EPIRAL APPROACH WHICH GAVE SOLUTION TO KNOTTY PROBLEM
PRESENTED AT HASTINGS, MINN.. WHERE NECESSARY HEIGHT
OF BRIDGE AND PROXIMITY OF IMPORTANT STREETS WERE
TROUBLESOME FEATURES.
need guidance.
These matters have been in the -hands of the Treasury Department until recently. The crea
tion of the new Department of Commerce has transferred them from the treasury to the new de
partment, and they are now in charge of Secretary Cortelyou. Our mariners and commercial bodies
will find this a, favorable time to secure attention to these needs. They should see to it that the atten
tion of our members of Congress is called to the matter, and should seek, to directly reach Secre
tary Cortelyou. We have here only one lightship. When she needs repairs she is withdrawn from
her station for that purpose and no substitute is provided. The location of this lightship is given on
all the official charts issued to the mariners of the world. Many ships are at sea, en route to San
Francisco, and cannot be notified when the single lightship is. off station for repairs. In the night, or
fog they near our coast, on the lookout for the lightship. A stationary light is mistaken for that of
the ship, and instead of being sixty miles off the coast as the lookout* thinks, a ship may be near the
rocks and in danger of wreck.
There should be two lightships here, so that when one is brought in for any cause the relief
Much is said in Congress and throughout the country about the increase in our Pacific trade.
I It has increased and is increasing, constantly requiring more bottoms and more sailors and greater
I tonnage. But in all deep sea trade is the element of "risk as the coast is approached. If that risk is not
i provided against and reduced, shipowners and shippers will avoid the ports that are less protected for
those that are more protected. When the isthmian canal , is finished we are to have south of us the
stiff. rivalry of San Pedro and north of us that of the Puget Sound ports. In a fight for trade every
thing counts, and when it is sea-going commerce the safety of ' ships is far. from being the least of
the makeweights.
The pilots and the Pilot Commissioners and the association of shipmasters and the marine
underwriters located here can give our Merchants' Exchange and Chamber of Commerce and our
members of Congress much information on this interesting subject, and all concerned should move
! together in the matter.
The betterment of our coast lights, fog signals and buoying is not alone necessary for San
Francisco, but may apply to the whole coast, and the matter needs an expert examination from Alaska
south to Mexico. It is probable that the recharting of part of the coast waters, and especially of the
sound waters of Alaska, will be found necessary. When these conditions between us and rival ports
are equalized, and all have the best provisions for the safety of navigation, commercial rivalry will
be upon a basis of equality in that respect and primacy will depend upon enterprise alone.
WRECKS will occur as long as, men go down to the sea in ships. But the liability of wrecks
x along a coast is reducible to a minimum by proper lights, buoys, fog signals and' light
ships. The sea-going" commerce of California requires for its safety that the. Federal
Government pay more attention to these precautions for the safety of ships on our coast.
San Francisco is especially interested in this. We have powerful and highly enterprising
rivals for the deep sea trade, which has heretofore been attracted to us by the ample harbor and rail
shipping facilities which we enjoy. Any lack of coast lights and other means of guiding mariners
to our port begins to work against us. It is the opinion of shipmasters that, as compared with the
lighting of the ports of New York, Boston and other Atlantic coast points our coast and harbor
lighting is very deficient. In such equipment our coast has had but little improvement in the last
twenty-five" years. There is a lack of .means of identification of our coast lights, so that one is often
mistaken for another, and sailors are left to the mercies of dead reckoning at a time when they most
LIGHTS .AND BUOYS 'NEEDED.
SPIRAL APPROACH GIVES
SOLUTION TO A PROBLEM IN
BRIDGE CONSTRUCTION
THE ..'SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11; 1903;
LETTERS OF STEVENSON'S
MOTHER TO FRIENDS AT
HOME TO BE PUBLISHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS» Proprietor . .... . • .. -Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
SUNDAY....... ,................'.........;...........•. ........... ..^...... OCTOBER n, 1903
Pubiic-tion Office <J^^^^^> - - • • • • • • Third and Market Streets, S. P.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J A^S /SnSSm I* I'llThe rivers of Alaska swarm with fish,
there havlnc been no diminution in the
supply,' as also do the waters of the en
tire coast.
The distance from St. Paul to St. Louis
Is about 700 miles, following the channel
of the Mississippi River, and the fall Is
about 400 feet.
T. Hikada, a Japanese, was tried be
fore Police Judge ilojan yesterday oa
a charse of battery upon another Jap
anese and was acquitted. He was re
arrested while leaving the courtroom and
locked up In the "tacks" at the City-
Prison. He Is suspected of belsg a Jap
anese who Is wanted in San Jose for
embezzlement, but he says, although' ho
bears tha same name, he Is not the mart
and can prove that at the time of tho
alleged embezzlement he was In Alaska,
Acquitted and Bearrested.
George B. McCord, J. E. Alexander, M.
Fraser, F. II. Hausman and F. M.
Athearn, organizers of the McCord OH and
Development Company, brought suit yes
terday for a writ of mandate compelling
Secretary of State Charles Curry to Issue
them a certificate of incorporation. Curry
refused to grant incorporation papers on
the ground that Charles Edelman. before
whom they swore to the truth of their
articles of incorporation, was not a notary
at the time the oath was taken.
Oilmen Appeal in Court.
A bazaar will be held at St. Steph
en's Episcopal Church on the evenings of
October 14, 15 and IS and the afternoon of
the 17th. The proceeds of the bazaar are
to go toward a memorial to the late Very
Rev. Deaa.Lyon of , St. Stephen's Episco
pal Church.
A bazaar will be given under the aus
pices of the Bethlehem Congregational
Church on the evenings of October 12' to
17, Inclusive.*, . The .bazaar, will be held in
the church on Vermont street, near
Twenty-fourth. * ..".
Will Give a Bazaar.
A Golden Opportunity.
To-morrow and Tuesday we will place
on sale gents' $3 shoes for $2.25. These
shoes consist of box and velour calf, vid
and patent - kid. ¦ Latest styles and toes.
All sizes and widths. E\*ery pair, guar
anteed. One price to all is the motto of
Herrcnan Lesser, 915Market>street, opp.
Mason. . !>-••'
Select Site for Range.
Captains Howland ¦ and Stewart, who
have been detailed by General MacAr
thurto find a short rifle range In the
vicinity of the Presidio, have found a
spot • back of ; the old . Seventh Infantry
camp : where the men may shoot at 200
and 300 yards. Some cutting and filling
will have to be done before the range can
be used. JHBBJSJKSA,
James Reilly. a solicitor, was convicted
by Police Judge Fritz yesterday on a
charge of driving: off a horse and buggy
without the consent of the owner and
was sentenced to pay a fine of 5150, with
the alternative of 150 days in the County
Jail. On Thursday, while under the In
fluence of liquor, he jumped into a rig
belonging to Sherman, Clay & Co. and
drove the horse for seven hours around
th© city till the animal. was nearly dead.
The Judge said be would teach Reilly not
to Interfere * y wlth other people's prop
erty. • . '
B«illy Taught a Lesson.
Joseph Meligan and Thomas Riley were
near the train at the time and saw the
stranger, throw himself upon the track.
The dead man was 40 or 45 yeai's of age.
5 feet 6 Inches tall. The hair was brown,
mixed with gray: mustache brown, fea
tures thin, with high cheek bones; com
plexion light, eyes brown, nose large,
ears large, chin pointed and teeth very
bad. He weighed about 140 pounds.
H. B. Davis, timekeeper for the West
ern Sugar Refinery, called at the Morgue
in the' afternoon and after inspecting the
body expressed the opinion that the sui
cide had been one of the workmen In
the refinery but he was unable to Iden
tify the corpse. He said that the morn
ing shift changed at 6 o'clock and that
the dead, man probably was onthls way
to the refinery at the time he threw him
self under the wheels.
While temporarily Insane, a laboring
man threw himself in front of a
rapidly approaching freight train at the
crossing of Seventh and Mississippi
streets at 5 o'clock yesterday morning,
and before the engineer could stop the
train the wheels passed over the , neck
and shoulder of the suicide, almost sev
ering the head from the trunk.
W. R. Pldgeon was the enelneer In
charge. He was backing up a freight
train consisting of three cars and an
engine and saw the stranger walking on
the track. The engineer blew the whistle
and the stranger stepped off the track.
Then when the nearest car was within
a few yards of him he threw himself
upon the track with his head across the
rail.
As James Crowley, night watchman,
was patrolling McDonald's lumber yards
at IIS Berrv street at five minutes past
4 o'clock yesterday morning he heard a
pistol shot coming from the piles of lum
ber. He listened for a while, but heard
no further noise and concluded that the
shot must have been fired some distance
away. Two hours later he met Police
man H. "W. Crowley and the two made
a search of the yard. They found the
body of a man lying on his back between
two piles of lumber, with a gaping bul
let wound in the right temple and a cheap
bulldog revolver in the right hand. A
copy of the Saturday Evening Post dated
October 10. 1903, was lying beside the body.
The suicide was 6 feet 2 inches tall and
weighed about ISO pounds. He was dress
ed in a black Bult and wore a soft black
hat. He was not more than 30 years of
age. with brown hair and eyes and light
complexion, thin features, high cheek
bones, long nose, pointed chin and the
eyetooth of the upper right Jaw missing.
Trinkets found on the person indicated
that he was a recent arrival from Chi
cago. On his person were a cheap brass
watch and a brass chain and locket, all
very much worn. On the watch was a
monogram composed of the letters "C.
H. B." or "C. K. B." On one side of the
locket was an intaglio of an antique Gre
cian head and on the other a carnellan
disk. The scabbard of a small aluminum
comb bore an advertisement of the Chi
cago Mills, the. back of a pocket mirror
the advertisement of a hatter at 120 Clark
street, Chicago; an ivory match box had
a "want ad." advertisement of the Chi
cago Record and a spectacle case of an
optician at 93 Madison street. Chicago.
The spectacles were old fashioned and
silver rimmed.
Somebody eays that Newport is getting
fearfully common. People with only
$5,000,000 are moving In.— Exchange.
Suicide of a Desperate
Stranger at Day
break.
Man From Chicago Puts
a Bullet Into His
Brain.
Auditor Baehr decided yesterday to re
quest the State Board of Equalization for
an additional extension of ten days with
in which to turn over the assessment roll
of the city to Tax Collector Smith.
After the board had raised the assess
ment SO per cent Bae'hr was compelled to
ask for an extension of ten days from
next Monday, the day on which the law
says he shall turn over the books. "The
extension was necessary in view of the
fact that the matter was brought to the
Supreme Court, which has decided that
the State tax rate of 56.1 cents must be
calculated on the valuation of $530,000,000
as increased by the board, and the city's
rate of $1,076 as fixed by the Board of Su
pervisors last June must be calculated on
the valuation as returned by Assessor
Dodge, namely, $420,000,000. By the de
cision the new rate of 84.4 cents as re
enacted by the Supervisors on the third
Monday in September becomes void. -
Auditor Baehr will put nearly 105 men
to work beginning to-morrow extending
the taxes on the assessment • books. He
thinks that with the additional extension
of time which the State Board of Equal
ization can grant, him under the law he
will be enabled to turn over the books to
the Tax Collector before November 1.
Taxes will not be delinquent until the lat
ter part of November.'
SUICIDE FOUND
IN LUMBERYARD
THROWS HIMSELF
UNDER THE CARS
Auditor Baehr to Ask
the State Board for
More Time.
NEEDS TEN DAYS
TO FIGURE TAXES
Judge Eioss yesterday sustained a de
murrer to H. V. Ready's petition for a
writ prohibiting Police Judge Cabaniss
from proceeding with his trial on a mis
demeanor charge preferred against him
by W. Hock and ordered the petition dis
missed. Ready is a member of the firm
cf Murray & Ready, employment agents.
Last May he sent Hock to Fort Bragg to
work for the Union Lumber Company,
telling him there were no labor troubles
there. It was during the lumbermen's
strike and Hock promptly returned to this
city and Ewore out a warrant for Ready's
arrest, claiming that he had Imposed
upon him.
Heady Must Stand Trial.
Florence May Goddard and Joseph
Charles Goddard were married at Oak
land in April, 1901. They have one child,
aged 4 months. According to a complaint
for divorce filed by Mrs. Goddard their
married life has not j been a happy one
because of the cruelty of her husband.
She charges that he frequently cursed her
and accused her of being an unfaithful
wife and once assaulted her with a knife.
She also charges that a short time ago he
attempted to burn her clothes.
Judge Hebbard granted Mayme I.
Thomas an interlocutory decree of divorce
from Elijah Thomas for desertion and
Judge Sea well granted a similar decree
to Helen L. Marston from Jothan Mars
ton for neglect.
Helen M. Brown wants a divorce from
Wesley W. Brown and permission to re
sume her maiden name, Manning. She
says that for the last year he has com
pelled her to depend upon her own exer
tions and the charity of her friends and
relatives for her supoprt. They were
married in June of last year.
Desertion Is the ground on which Eu
phemla Lautner is suing Cleon E. Laut
ner for divorce. He is foreman of the
works of the California Casket- Company
at S23 Ellis street.
Joseph J. and Viola Rodgers, who were
married at Benlcla in October! 1900, are
not living in peace and harmony. In a
complaint for divorce on the ground of
cruelty filed by Rodgers he says that it
is his wife's fault. He claims that she
has preferred going to the beach and
Cliff House to cooking for him, and says
that when he remonstrated with her she
told him to mind his own business or
consigned him to regions noted principally
for the heat supposed to exist there. She
also told him, he says, that, despite his
objections, she would go "whev she
pleased, as often as she pleased, and stay
as long as she pleased."
SUPPORTS HERSELF.
Gottfreid Schmitt, a tailor, is being sued
for divorce by Kay Schmitt. They were
married in 1S96. Mrs. Schmitt says th^t
last February her husband told her he
had a "good mind to cut her heart out."
She says that as he was holding a large
knife In his hand at the time his threat
was made, Bhe became very much fright
ened and as a result suffered mentally.
Mrs. Schmltt's name was Brownlee when
she married the tailor and she would re
sume that name.
After graduating from the school Mar
guerite went to Seattle. She Journeyed
thither by water and on the steamer on
which she was a passenger she met
Charles J. Mackintosh, the chief engineer
of the vessel. It was a case of love at
first sight, and when the vessel docked
at Seattle Mackintosh had procured the
girl's promise that she would become his
wife. They were wed, and for a time —
a very short time — they were happy.
Then, according to the young woman's
complaint, Mackintosh grew harsh in his
treatment of her. Instead of kind and
loving words, she says, she received only
abuse, and it so affected her that she
became ill in mind and body. This harsh
ness, she avers, continued for months,
ending finally in threats to Injure her.
She left him on the 8th lnsL and returned
to the home of her mother at 1748 l^arkhi
street, where she is now. She says that
even at her own home she Is not safe
from her husband, and she appeals to
the court to protect her. In her com
plaint, filed by Attorney Steven V. Cos
tello. she asks for the issuance of an
order directing Mackintosh to refrain
from visitlne her mother's home, alleg
ing that he has called there and repeated
his threats to do her bodily harm.
Mackintosh is at present employed as
chief engineer of the new ferry-boat San
Jose. His salary, his wife says, is $175
a month, and she prays the court to com
pel him to pay her sufficient monthly ali
mony to defray her living expenses.
FEAES DISSECTION.
"LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT.
But little more than a year ago Mrs.-
Mackintosh, who Is still In her teens, -was
a pupil at a private school In San Jose.
She was pretty as a picture, bright and
vivacious and of an exceptionally charm
ing disposition. She numbered her friends
by the score, and in conaecuence when
graduation day came and she left the
school to enter upon the duties of life
there were many touching farewells. It
was in May of last year that she left
the convent.
Th« filing of a suit for a divorce yes
terday by Marguerite Mackintosh against
Charles J. Mackintosh is tha commence
ment of the final chapter of a romance
begun on the high seas In May of last
year. It Is also conclusive proof that
there Is considerable truth In the old say
lag that a hasty marriage means leisurely
repentance.
She Seeks Divorce From Man
Who Wooed and Won
Her at Sea.
Romance of Marguerite
Mackintosh Ends Un
happily.
SORROW FOLLOWS
HASTY MARRIAGE
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903.
31
POLITICAL CAKDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
Republican
Nominee
|For Public Administrator!
William E, Lutz
IRepublican Homineel
For Tax Collector
/ Edward J.
SMITH
ONCUMBEXT.)
Regular Republican Nominee
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I NEW STYLES IN |
I Tailor Made Suits j
I Any Price Between $10.00 and $50.00 . j
i An exquisite line of fabrics in plain |
I colors and mixed tweeds, walking 1
1 length skirts— not obtainable for less |
1 than $25.00 elsewhere, w «=r |
I our wholesale price ... .*&££} I
I SEE OUR WINDOWS j
1
§ Wholesale Manufacturers . o
I 1142-1146 MARKET ST. |
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TH5 VALUE OF^CHARCOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health, and Beauty.
Nearlr everybody knows that charcoal is th«
safest and most efficient disinfectant and pur-
ifier in nature, but few realize its value when
taken into the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more you taka
of It the better; it Is not a drug at all. but
eimply absorbs the pases and Impurities always
present in the stomach and Intestines and car.
rles them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smokln*.
drinking or after eating onions and other odor-
ous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Improves the
complexion, it whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which collect
tn the stomach and bowels; it disinfects th*
mouth and throat from the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell, charcoal in one form or an-
other, but probably tBo best charcoal and tha
most' for the money Is In Stuart's Absorbent
Lozenges; they are composed of the finest pow-
dered Willow charcoal. "and other harmless an-
tiseptics in tablet form or rather in tha form
of Urge, pleasant tasting loze&ges. tha charcoal
being mixed with honey.
The dally use of these lozenges will soon
tell in a much Improved condition of the gen-
eral health, better complexion, sweeter breath -
and purer blood, and the beauty of it is that
no possible harm can result from their con-
tinued use. but on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician In speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal says: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
sorbent Lozengea to all patienU «ufterlng from
gas In stomach and bowels, and to clear tha
complexion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver Is greatly bene-
fited by the dally use, of them; ; they cost but
twenty-five' cents a box at drug s tors, and al-
-.hough in KT.e sense a patent preparation, yet
I belie\ a I get mors and better charcoal in
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges than in any of
the ordinary charcoal tablets," *
ADVEBTISEMESTS.
11WHITE HOUSE
MONDAY, October 12, for One Week,
Great Exhibition of
900 French ' English, Italian and Spanish
Posters, signed by the greatest mas-
ters of this art, "Les Princes de l'Affiche" (as
they are called), viz.: Cheret, Colle,. Dinet,
Faure, Gray, Flammeng, Hylands, Ibels, Pateck,
Pal, Maurin, Stevens, Dudley Hardy, Bouisset,
Casas, Leman, Lefevre, Alucha and others.
Prices a25 to $10.00 Each.
These artistic posters are suitable for
decorating the Attic, Nursery, Billiard and
Smoking rooms.
In addition will be shown:
A C/Y Engravings, reproductions of the Old
AC? \J Masters (Musee du Louvre), including
Leonardo da Vinci, Raphael, Le Titian, Botticelli,
Rembrandt, Rubens, Greuze, Poussin, Lancret,
Watteau, David, Gerome, Courbet, Rousseau,
Breton, Millet, Gerarcf and Baudry. Executed
under the supervision of the French Govern-
ment Ministere des Beaux Arts. ¦ •
Prices $2.50 to $10.00 Each.
Q[T Superb Photogravures of masterpieces
£xJ by Murillo, Rembrandt, Raphael, Gains-
borough, Millet, Breton, Puvis de Chavanne,
Rousseau, Vigee Lebrun and Lesolle.
Price $15.00 Each.
/ Cor.Post&Kearny Sts.
[itallTUTO HOMES 'lfel|||§|§
I visit our big store during this Ladies' great y^^fe^^^^^^^^^^Rf I
I Table or Pedestal or Escritoire that you J^my^^i^^^^^^wi I
LADIES' GREAT FURNITURE DAY~
M » ' W this week only. K reat « massive Davenport, carved with wonderful art. .. * ., ". ,Z Jt 1__ j «-•
|| •*-** • . Hand polished— the back panel a masterpiece of finish. Made of »« niore tnan nan r_i ¦•— ¦-
H Cnonial Df*i/»n CQ flfl s0^ Cuban mahosrany. Beautiful Verona velour covering. its value. %.
a special price, »8.uu. Special, $250.0*0. | Special Price, $9.50.
H 'crtrk^iL ;.,/^^^^'^' ;: "' i '*'^~^k" ;n [ i :f j^ |1| containing all the access- . /0/lvwi'v cHrbs^ rJH»»
B ¥ Boudoir Chair. The Chair. Dresser and Pedestal — A $4.00 Jardinier or I t| 3 "I \
Hj - ' flT| Dressing Table in sets or separately, statue Pedestal, 24 inches high, 12 3 u |
|j Special Price, $6.00. Special for the Week, $1.95. y ¦ 9
M Princess Dresser- A rare j|J Ulllij.imuiirtlft *r ¦¦ » •
BJ design of Princess Dresser of S*±/^±/%±. RL*. i^mg^Epr x f\ t\ T«r1?»ei' TVrp«»«fne» TftM*.
K the time of the lo uls. The 1 *» «¦ «, W» A m V? • BlX The daintiest piece of furnl-
feists *vX:tota!QNHiim(Lm %S® mm
B Special, $40.00. "the credit house. 233-235-237 post street. Special far tllB Wfi8k« $22.50. *The San Francisco Eye
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden, dust: inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURING EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murlne at 50 cents. *
WHX HOLD CONVOCATION
IN TRINITY CHURCH
Clerical and Lay Delegates to Take
Part in Eegnlar Annual
Session.
About ISO of the clerical and lay dele
gates of Trinity Church will take part
in the regular annual convocation to be
l;eld In Trinity Church, on Gough street.
en Tuesday. October 20.
The efficers In charge of the convoca
tion are the Rirtt Rev. William Ford
Nichols. D. D., Bishop' of the diocese; the
Kev. "William Carson Shaw, dean of the
convocation; the Rev. Louis Child* San
ford, secretary of the convocation, and
George II. Hockc, treasurer of the con
vocation. '/' ¦
The morning meeting of the convocation
will be held at 10:30 o'clock and Trill be
in celebration of the holy communion.
The afternoon meeting will be held at 2
o'clock and the subject, "Are We Ready
for Church Expansion in the City?" will
be discussed by the Kev. N. B. W. Gall
wey. the Rev. W. F. Nichols and George
E. Butler.
The evening session, which will con
clude the convocation, will consist of an
evening prayer sung by the united choirs
of San Francisco and vicinity, followed
by an address by the Bishop of the dio
cese.
SAYS HE DIDN'T
SHOOT HIS WIFE
Colonel^ Griffith of : Los
•Angeles Answers a
. Suit. •:-.; ;
Divorce Case in the South Is
Like to Be Quite) Sen- a
sational. '. .
. "Mr. Griffith does not attack Mrs. Grif
fith in any .manner by his answer, and
as now" advised will not do so. He feeU
too deeply, and too sorrowfully the unfor
tunate sltuatlon'in which the family finds
Itself and that situation will not be made
worse by .any act of his. There will be
no sensation and only, such defense as Is
forced upon h,im."
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— Cojonel Grif
fith J. . Griffith, charged with at
tempt to murder : . his wife by
shooting, to-day * filed his' answer
to her suit for divorce. He denies that ho
shot his wlfe^ but makes no statement of
tbe facts' 'in the "case according to' his
version. 8 He at .first .declared' that Mro.
Griffith shot herself In an* attempt to com*
mit . suicide, and it is", still believed he
will defend himself' along that iine when
brought to trial on the attempted mur
der charge.' \ .
Griffith's attorneys to-day filed a motion
to have the divorce suit set for trial, and
this is taken to Indicate that he proposes
to fight. Colonel Griffith sets forth that
the entire estate, 'valued at $150,000 instead
of a million, as had been generally sup
posed, is his separate property.
He shows that the family expenses since
his marriage have been 5200 a month. He
claims, that if his wife were granted a de
cree and provided support out of his es
tate $100 to 1125 & month would main
tain, her at greater ease and In better cir
cumstances than she has enjoyed hereto
fore. Griffith's leading counsel said to
day: -
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Clyde Mathews, Dick Coughlin and John
Spaldlng were arrested by Chief of Police
WIttman last night on suspicion of being
Jewelry thieves.' Thetrlo entered the Al
exandra Jewelry store on Market street
and when they left the clerk 1 missed an
opal ring. He' followed them up and lo
cated them In Lundy's Jewelry establish
ment on Third street. He called on Witt
man; who' was in the vicinity, and the
latter placed the men under arrest. When
searched at 1 the: Central station several
pieces of jewelry were found on Coughlin,
but the officers failed to find the ring
that was taken. • ¦ ¦f
Alleged Thieves Caught.
Reduced rates on household roods to A from.
th* East & South. Brian's. 11 Montsomtry. •
Louis Paz, a fireman on the steamer
Ctyeen, fired two shots at Manuel Torez
In Qard- alley last night and then made
his escape. Torez was found by the po
lice and placed . under arrest for being
drunk.: The men are supposed to have
quarreled over a woman. .
Fires Two Shots and Escapes.
. Standard Oil I C?o. \ buys prlntlnr. and_blndln*
from the Mysell-Rolllns Co.. 22 Clay.Main 5031.*
day evening . Th© place. of the meetin?
will be announced to-morrow.- »• r : , .......
Miss Adair Defeats Mrs. Stout.
:. PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 10,-In the final
match in the\ Griscom- Invitation golf
tournament to-day Miss Rhona Adair de
feated Mrs. C.'T. Stout by 2 up.
Republican Meetings.
\ -The Republicans of - the > Thirty-fourth
Assembly. District will 1 rally next-' Thurst
, The Republicans; of the Thirty^ighth
Assembly District will hold a big ratifica
tion meeting at Mascot Hall, corner '•of
Golden Gate avenue and Webster* street,
next Thursday evenlrig. Senator ¦ E. "I."
Wolfe will be chairman. : Henry. J. 3 Crock
er, Isldor 1 Golden ' and • Daniel R.' Ryan
willajddress the audience. .: ¦ »
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Halght & Masonic av.»,
Automobile Huns Into Wagon.
An automobile collided with a milk
wagon at the corner of Baker and Oak
streets shortly after 6 o'clock yesterday
morning. The driver of the wagon,
George Landinl, was badly shaken up.
Tho automobile, according to Sadim, con
tained three women and two men and
they were all under the- influence of
liquor. Their names are unknown.
Trapper's Oil cure* rheumatism and neuralrfa.
Dru«lsts, 60c flask. Richard A CO..4M Clay. •
Did Not Get Any Stock.
C. J. Knauer, 1704 Larkln street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge Fritz
yesterday for the arrest of II. Llndholm
on a charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses. Knauer alleges that on April
SO Llndholm falsely represented to him
that he was a close, friend of H. Llnd
blom, a prominent Nome miner, who was
Interested in the Consolidated Alaska Min
ing, Dredging and . Developing Company,
and induced Knauer to give him $73 to
invest in the stock of the company.
Defendants Held to Answer.
William Foley, alias W. H. Kerns, and
Albert Holtz, the two boys arrested In the
Crescent corset house, 763. Market' street,
early Friday morning, were held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Po
lice Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a charge
of burglary in $W00 bonds each. . W. H.
Davis, a colored clgarmaker, was held to
answer by Police Judge Mogan on a
charge of assault to rob In $1000 bonds.
He and another man, it is alleged, knock
ed down John Frlal, a marine fireman,
on Jackson street on the morning of Oc
tober 2 and attempted to. rob him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 10.—Average
values of $1000 per ton In a pay " streak
four feet wide are being taken from the
Waterloo claim, situated at the head
waters of the North Fork of the Kettle
River, about 100 miles north of Grand
Forks, B. C. % - r
A. McCleod and D. It. Kingston, Grand
Forks men, who own tha property, have
Btarted a pack train and will bring out
ore all winter from. their distant camp,
which is fully ninety miles from a rail
way. The property Is silver-lead, with a
well defined ledge twenty feet in width.
In spite of the remoteness of the Water
loo from transportation, It Is believed the
owners can mine the ore and ship it out
at a substantial margin of profit. Many
specimens gave assays exceeding $1400 to
the ton. The news of the rich find has
caused much excitement in the boundary
country and a stampede. ) : '
Valuable Land, Reported
in the Kettle River!
Country.
NEWS OF RICHES
CAUSES STAMPEDE
Adelina Fatti
Sings, in San Francisco next January.
8he indorses the Apollo as the most won
derful piano-player made. She made her
approval evident by purchasing ' one tor
Craig-y-Nos Castle, ," Breconshlre," South
Wales. 4HH6H HBS&flMBafBB*£
THOUSANDS ATTEND
WOODMEN'S REUNION
Entertainment Is Given for Members
of Golden Gate Camp and Their
Families.
The social, family reunion, entertain
ment and dance given by Golden- Gate
Camp of the "Woodmen of the World, a
subordinate that has more than 1S50 mem
bers, on the evening of last Friday In Na
tive Sons' Hall was attended by more
than £000 persons. For the entertainment
of this large audience there was present
ed a vaudeville programme in addition to
an interesting and logical address on
Woodcraft by D. Oliver Jr., editor of the
Pacific Woodman, and a few words on
the benefits, of being Woodmen of the
World by Eugene E. Schmltz, a member
of the camp. The numbers on the pro
gramme included the following:
Overture, orchestra: welcome, J. 'Wlanom,
chairman of the evening; vocal selections, Miss
Hanah Berkowltz; coon song and dance. Miss
"Warner; violin Mlo, A. F. Worbes; contralto
solo. Miss Adelaide Blrchler: song; and dance
by the "talking: comedian," P. II. Brannigan:
trombone solo. L. Klotz: Irish Jig and reel
danclne, Eddlt and Frances Dousherty, and
vocal selections by the Manhattan Quartet, M.
O. Scanlon, F. E. Scanlon, George Sweeney
and .Robert Davis.
After the programme the entire audi
ence retired to the large banquet hall,
where sixty gallons of Ice cream -and bar
rels of fancy cakes were served. After
refreshments there was dancing.
During, the evening the chairman an
nounced that the camp had decided to ask
the lady relatives and friends of mem
bers to help increase the membership of
the organization to 2000, and' had decided
to give a prize of $15; another of $10 and
still another of $3 to the ladies who shall
propose and have " initiated the greatest
number of eligibles over a stated number
in each class and within a given time.
E. E. Schmits said that to make the mat
ter more interesting he' would give a
handsome gold watch to the lady declared
the winner of the first prize.
The affair was under the management
of John Wisnom.-A. F. Phreaner, J. A.
Hirsch. ,J. W. Staneart, P. % C. C, and JV
W. O'Donnell. HBh
VANCOUVER. B. C, Oct. lO.-Over 3000
tons of freight consigned to Dawson lay
at White Horse on Tuesday last, accord
ing to advices received to-day by the
White Pass Railroad officials here.
The news came south on the steamship
Amur. There waf also on hand several
hundred bead of live stock destined for
Dawson. \
With the water opposite White Horse
standing at fifty inches above minimum
low water and steadily falling, the ther
mometer at 44 degrees above zero at
White Horse and 14 above zero at Daw
son, and the close of navigation distant
but ten days or two weeks at best, j the
situation from a freight shipper's point
of view is not at all encouraging.
Dawson Polk Ma^ Fail
to Get Tons of
Provisions.
FALLING RIVER
HALTS FREIGHT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, ' 1903.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10. — Mrs. John Fisk. 20
years old, and her thirteen months boy, -were
f cur.d dead of asphyxiation to-day. A younger
child was casplng: for breath when discovered,
but a heavy cover over Its face, had delayed
the action of the pas. • Mrs. Fisk had been In
111 health and In believed by the police to have
planned the death of herself and children.
32
MEASURE MB BY MY W(>^K5
NOT BY MY WORDS
An Old Patient Of, Dr. McKanna's It is impossible to determine the merit of any enterprise, the value A Testimonial Letter Written to an
Writes of What the McKanna of any remedy, except by its results. In my fourteen years* success in Editor by a Physician Dr. McKanna
Cure Did for Him In July, 1893. treating the Liquor Habit, I have never exploited the battles I have won Cured In 1896.
IIOUSTOV Tex. July 5 1S94 over the curse of drink. Many generous, noble-minded men on leaving - * >- • -
Dr J J McKanVa: ' " ' " ' "txitariums have, out of their gratitude in being restored their man- T ° %\^J^'o^L
To-day one year ago I entered your hood - «ked me to use their names in hopes of releasing their fellows Sir: For twoprincipal consld .
cplendid Sanitarium for tjie purpose from the thralldom of drink. The best evidence of the perfection of ©rations I address you.,. the one that
cf shins your treatment for the liquor my cure is shown by the letters I am publishing from patients who Sd Yt°tlie h re™"it y ofTe«onai b friSiS?
habit a trial, and gratitude, if nothing waited years to determine the permanency of my treatment before in- Some; three years ago I met Dr. J.
etoj. prompted me to , »pre.. .to _ym. dors ; ng - J. McKanna^
L7 rulnnm'ntTf your My treatment is perpetual to the end, at upward of 14000 person, gjgj ffiSS&.lfri *£&"& Z™
promise to cure me of the abominable who have been treated at my various sanitariums will verify. the benefits of his skilled treatment.
tir,v^~, f K% nf rurwd drunkenness Myself a, victim of drink, it is un-
vir «Jlr „ vf«r ? htvii not^rlt °thi ' ' necessary to say how such habit was
lIBl Dr;j.a. McKanna |gg
rs^tt'SK •.. -.r 'Discoverer -of the .; ' g SSKfemte
I or any one who really desires to be -> ; ' •¦ '- ... : • . - - .,: n °t ' S™**?** * rom attending to my
S^f^ffiSSifffl^oSStlSl! 3«Day Cure for: Alcoholism. - 6 * 811
I thank God that I am a man once ¦¦<"*; J. H. HAYS, 1L D.,
more: a joy to my family and a. few — . •-¦ ~ <•-< * - - - 124 S. Florls st, San Antonio, Tex.
friends I possess. In fact. I feel that
life is worth living and I know that "t A /T^^»— . C?J. C? T*' "&*• Hays Is still practicing In San
I will n»ver fall from prace again. 14 vlC3.rV 31.. H . Antonio. Write him.
I find lliat same condition exists as . VJVUI J **-»*••$ *-*• * •
your "cs't.aniishinen't^hne i^ajTthere 1 ! Telephone Main 1037 A Leading Texas Merchant .Who
Some of them have pone back to their Knnu/« nf th* M.Kanna Troat-
hsbits and ar* pursuing their differ- IVnOWS OT me IViCNanna •reai-
*nt occupations, many of them filling Oman flav 1\TS*»Vif on/1 Cttn/fn^ ' msnt.
honorable places and the peer? of any U3LY 9 Illgrlt 3110 OlindaV -
of their fellow citizens. My experience : • • ': WEIMAR, Tex., May 30, 1SD7.
is that, unlike other so-called cure es- To All Whom This May Concern:
tahlishmrnts. your graduates do not * <- V ; *
atrain fail victims to the fascinations Sanitariums: Chicago. 111.; Kansas Citv Mo • rhla ls to certify that up to the 1st
of a silded saloon. In conclusion. I rt , - . __ _. _* ™woaa vi V , mo., of March> 1897, I indulged in the use
io honestly believe that had your UKIanoma City, O. T.; DCS Moines, la.: Seattle of alcoholic stimulants for- nearly
treatment the backing and advertise- xxr fr> ' twenty years.and I have drunk from
ment of ether Institutions claiming to ¦ WaSrl. DO not DC deceived DV impostors with mis- a Slass to a quart per day. While I
effect a cure, you would find even the ¦ .- .... * . , . 4« ,. —, never was down or greatly incapacitat-
huge State of Texas too small a sphere leaaing titles lor drink Cures. They are Simnlv ed to attend to business, the morbid de-
t or operations. ? M #«/.i,j..«. «„ _ 4. *• j sire for strong drink always had the
Success follow you and yours, and iraillCKing on my reputation and SUCCeSS. and Can- upper hand, I became bloated, lazy
may millions yet bless you as I do. ... . ,. -„__ *«._ . i_..,,_ m-ui* ; * V * nd indifferent I was prevailed upon
PHILIP H. FALL,, * . "Ol-CUrc tne Liquor nabit. to try. Dr. J. J. McKanna's cure, which
Western Union Telegraph Office. s ' - '-j_ '¦''¦ v - • I did, and In less than three days all
- ¦ " desire for alcoholic stimulants, was,
Mr. Fall is ptill a. teetotaler In the Send for mv Rnnklrt on Airnhnii.m ~.»n a «. gone. I have not tasted a drop of
employ of the W. U. T. Co.. at Hous- . 9C " U TOr my H00 WCt On Alcoholism, mailed free. wine, beer, whisky or any alcoholic
ton. and verify the above by wire. ' ' ' '^"•'" stimulants since, nor have I any de-
~ : : ¦ sire to do so. All persons addicted to-
Would Not Take a Drink for ?IOOO Read What Dr. McKanna Did for a Hke committing suicide, and it took strong drink have my most sincere'
" OU1U u i«^ea urini* lur »iuuu. R»u r nkit M»n Purorf n rAl«»h»n. m a11 m y moral strength to prevent me eympathy. and the only way I know
i; .. a 1<wl T . . .. ., KaiiroaO Man Cured or Alcoholism from doing the act, but to-day even--' of -letting the will power assert it-
vi?2. 3 \lLi™Jff i \? t*i« k ,,rSnt IT In 1893. thing looks bright to me andaJl my *«"" if by being assisted by Dr. Mo-'
SSS^S^KSSSffi Houston. Tex.. May | 1S9, Z^tTJVSFvStJSF*^ TSSSS^^S^^&
fwiJ folr tO y°e k ar 3 Dr ago M S^w n a a s%uVed at SS , l lost - a » of ™ Professional stand- full >'« E A ' B ARR. Merchant. \
before, I placed myself in Dr. Me- everybody thought the?l wa? no r" fe^T e " ",, 80 i :laI i t i. and M^ endBi "Write Mr. : Barr. He will tell' you
Kaunas hands." demnUon for me I would not take who p I jvas raised with avoided me how he ls to-dav.
H. J. MTLLER. JlO^fo" the benefit I received at th« as though I were some demon. lean . . ¦ \
««i Broadway. Oklahoma. Ok. T. hanTs of Dr. McKanna? I aV'now What a Prominent , Merchant Of,
The above is part of an affidavit ¦ ™«>«»« «v«ry day J^ween Cuero^d m e.Vthey h"pp«V5 In?h*S5«oR Burton, Texas, says.
¦worn to bv Mr Miller on the 12th JL°^ t0I Vr an % an ? 0 "^, ° t °. t t l l f e lf . " nt t 2 l tunate condition, I once was. . I say to
Sc^aVi^m^d^^Jf 0^^: i h bov^ng & th S e^S U^e S s t pSf t u°Uyr e £^5^^.^^? fi^K r Wh B JSP5'?J'
Kanna treatment to any one who H. HASKELL. nt£ • miS" nd be an honor to y™uwel£ T ° Wh ° m Thl " ' May Concern:
wishes to write to blm. Mr HaskeU ls stm ln . Houston and f» well as to your friends. The lnsti-^ On^June'10, 1895/ I was treated" by
What a Doctor Wrote In 1897 After ™ cheerfu »y «¦'« «>r inquiry. £J h «- %%%%%£ ln Dr y OU Mc^ a t n ur ti ffe £g£K?i&& Vt^iSS : .2d
Taklns the McKanna Treatment- A Physician Who Knows Some Jffi&.&M
To the people of Oklahoma, Ok. T.: Things About the McKanna Treat- strong drink has gone. Being a physl- after three days' treatment, and to-
., , .. .. « \ .^ * t-w t t m ..» dan of twenty-flve years' practice, I day Iwould say, If I was a drinkinsr
Having been advised that Dr. J. J. .ment. can heart u y Indorse It as being the man. I would give Dr. McKanna fim
Rddictcd to the liquor habit that Dr. WHARTON, Texas, Jsov. 1, 189*. through the State who may see this Any one that is afflicted with the de-
McKanna. an cure any man or worn- My Dear Friend: This is to certl/y will follow my. advice and go to be Blre of whisky drinking can surely be •
an oa earth of drinking and restore that 1 am a graduate of your liquor treated, and be a man. cured by Drf McKanna of San An-
-.^ta^i^fi^cSnJS.SS:. F A ' MCCAMBLY. M. D. / tonio. tU Yours respecA^ 11 A "
and know whereof I speak. -U'hen I entered your institute I was Dr. McCambly ls still located : at H..KNETTEL JR.-...
J. W. HENSLEY, M. D. one of the most confirmed drunkards Wharton,- is sober and enjoying a lu- Write Mr. KnettelJr If you wi«h
Gonzalcs County, Dewville. Texas. in the whole State, and at times felt cratlve practice. ,, ¦ . to know how he is to-day. ' '
"^r^^^W^i^^^^ quality of our undcr-
Jij-^S^S^J^^^il wcar .women have
v recognized the differ- '
"• mf"^ ''^^ ' ' ence- between the _in-
/* /- '¦¦„¦' ferior and superior
jM grade of undergar-
ments and now purchase the Magnin styles in preference to all
I . . others. Although the most careful attention is given to the details
I of manufacturing and only the best quality of materials' used our
I garments arc sold a't no higher figures than the inferior makes.
I .', -LADIES' GOWN, chemise style (see illustration); made of
I nainsook; low neck and elbow sleeves; round yoke trimmed with
I. : beading: ribbon and point, d'esprit lace; 3 rows of lace insertion in
I front with clusters of tucks between; sleeves finishedwith feather-
I stitched braid, lawn ruffle and. lace insertion; all sizes. 01 *7r
I Our own reliable make and an exceptionally pretty \| lh
I v. Sown VII IU
VY LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, made of silk moreen; Spanish (V,
jy+J flounce: trimmed with '4 stitched'bias bands; ruffle / ,•*:' Vsj^
l& faced with Italian cloth and bound with velvet. <t *J f\(\
A good, serviceable skirt &\>»\J\j
Negligees and Robes t M
* Our stock is now complete with an endless '/t* V /"\
v variety of house garments of every description, /***/& * I
consisting of sacqucs. robes, wrappers, tea X<T^-]P §
gowns, nichtincalcs. kimonas and bath robes. S£"**T I
LADIES' NEGLIGEE (sec /illustration), I
made of cood qualitv albatross: accordeon-plait- CX^TC^ l\^i I
cd irom yoke: one row of ecru lace insertion at /Wial^rV^\ 1
bottom; deep sailor co:hr trimmed with ecru lace / WnfJuVu \ 1
and insertion: accordcqn-plaited sleeves trim- | Mjt \\\\\\i 1
med with lace and insertion; colors light / 1/J \ ) \\\\] I
blue, -white, pink and red; ; sizes M to <>-» <»c» IJJj 1ft *A\\ V I
44. A ' very handsome jrarment ......y''OJ TgSft ii' e ;n»\\\ I
Children's Dress Dept. W W Wl
In this department will . , always be found r 1 jr£_3\' mjd
all the fashionable styles best suited for ijM'\- §\_- j!^l
children. At no other store is there such abso- " I
lute certaintv of getting what is' becoming as - /53i^ ? '^-5_> • I
' well as the best obtainable for the price. : .v"-',~>r^ "I
j CHILDREN'S SHORT "DRESSES of I
\ Jlfi?^? Jones' lonft-cloth; square tucked yoke; 1
/f-WU'ffizk shoulder ruffles of embroidery ; heck : and [•:'¦ |
JF;'fi:? : -- : f . V^i ¦ sleeves edced 1 with -Valenciennes' ' fff/\^> I
fc'iu '^i:v: ¦¦•^^1 \ lace; ages 6 months to 3 yrs. . '.. lv. . Ov C I
it Misses' Walking Skirts I
Aces u //'ft$>Vv'".'. : >v:,|l A variety of styles made- of- golf material, I
tears r < -''H'"''^^' ¦••^1 checked cheviot and all-wool ¦ fancj'- mix- • 1
fc{?n£ : '.r-:'-: I AaM tures; effectively tailor-stitched and cut with I
) te}S'W-*L'~::'-' &t « • graceful flare: lap seams:. finished \ with tabs 1
fe''£i'A >'':'. ; .-^'^ anc^ buttons: lengths 30 to 36 inches-^- , ;
'M*£i^-M l^ ? 'St ' $3.75; $5.50, $6.00, $7.5O ¦
A?T-i'.- ! 7/ ••'-*'¦'*¦'¦¦¦ fJi' '-^' : '¦-VA ® ur new • 1Ilus t'"a t « d cataJogue will be sent free
&¦¦*'*'¦'/!¦'•••$'''" 1"1.''^ ; '"'- : \ t ..*to any . address. ¦ ' .- .-
AJDVERTISEiyrENTS.
Black Dress uoods
Tifls week we will show a most elegant
stock of FRENCH and ENGLISH Black DRESS
FABRICS at exceedinglu low prices.
ti Aft™. 50-inch Black English Zibeline?
JUJUya. silk finish. -
<tl flfl vA 54-inch Black English. Granite
$l.UUya. cloth.
$1.00 yd. 44-inch Black French Voile.
tt K xrA 47-inch : Black English Pebhle
$I.2;3 yu. ; camels 1 Hair.
tt 75 vH 47 - lnch Black Noppe Canvas Sult-
t 1 *^?. / Ut ing.
$1.50 yd. 54-inch Black Pehhle CheYiot.
¦ m
. ¦ .
$1.50 ydi 44-inch Black NoDpe Etamins^
,,-"¦/ ? j ~ 'j >¦"'/ ¦¦ ° ' ¦ .
We will also show a full yarietu of fine
Nodd8 Canvas Cloths, Crepe Etamines, Silk
Camels 1 Hair, Broadcloth and Venetians. ~
We have just opened a yeru large ship-
ment of Ladies', Children's and Gents 1 Urn-
hrellas, in pure Silk, Silk Gloria, Silk Serge
and Taffeta Silk, These are in natural wood,
Ivoru, pearl, silver and oxidized handles and
range in price from 50c to 615.00 each.
M/^\T^"1II^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
* * E^j All orders for samples or goods filled and
" : shipped same day they are received.
xl8ifc ¦¦¦¦¦ €t*-*\
ill, 113, i!5, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I EXPERT OPTICIAN.
A NEW LAW
VERY IMPORTANT FOR THE
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
Th* Board of Commissioners In Optem-
«try, according to & new lair er»a.ct*l by
th» last Legislature, has Issued a c»rt!fl-
cate to Mr. Georg* Mayerl*. tt« G«no*a
Expert Optician at 1071 Market street, au-
thorizing him to practice optonwtry and
prescribe classes to those bavins weak
eyes and poor sight.
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC
INSTRUCTION.
George Mayerle— Dear Sir: Itffln rery
much pleased with the glasses you made
for me that I feel constrained 10 voluntser
my hearty commendation of your work. I
have used classes for forty-five years.
Uuriner all this period I hav* n«ver been
po well suited. I now enjoy comfort here-
tofore denied me. I wish that I had met
you years ago. Very truly yours, .
> J. W. ANDERSON.
Ex-Superintendent ot Public Instruction
for CallfcVnla. t ,
GEORGE MAYERLE.
German Expert Optician. Honorary Mem-
ber, .of the. Delaware and Iowa Stats
Optical Societies.
1O7I Market St., San Francisco.
Telephone South S72. German Eyewater 80c
Examination of eyes free.
- Tbe United Statca la not. as rrsarty peo-
ple ' believe, the greatest producer of
petroleum. Russia last year produced !*.-
000.000 tons, or S30.000 tons more than ths
United States. <
y}-;; advebtisemzhtts.
Oriental Goods j
At Wholesale Prices :;
W Offer Our Satire Extra Tia * Col-
lection of "
Oriental Rugs
' AND CURTAINS •::
At 25 Per Cent i
\ . ¦ •
, / SZseotmt Xxam regrnlar retail prteea, |
We are sola agent* for t
; JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CAKPETS
Chas. M. Plflm & Co. :
; Cop. 9th and Market sts. j;
BR USHES I*™- 5«b2Sfutti
. ~. bouses, billiard Ubl««.
brewers, bookbinder*.' candy-makers, cinatr*.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. aho« factoriea,
stableman, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BVCSAVAH B3OS.,
Brush MaauXactursM, 603 Saoramnio St.
' J^^^^5^s^ / ' -' for wear with Tail-
NA^f^ >^ • ored Suits. In felt as
well as in other styles;
trimmed with quills, wings, pon pons, etc., and rich
ribbons and velvets. These represent a wide range
of exclusive novelties in ready-to-wear t\f\
Hats at the very LOW PRICE of VU.UU
NPWPtf VpIvpI Wafcfc Introductory Showing of Women's
newBM VBifBi ff disis WooIen a ' nd Cotton ° Undcrwear
S^ftcl?^^ 5 ° f JrS^^pi to
«*i.u vi wuuiv. iui. »*iu t . supply your winter undergarment
SpeCfSi S2le PriCe. $3.95 requirements. The most compre-
hensive assortment in the broad-
est range of prices awaits you. The
Royal Worcester Corsets »^^ jsffis
at $2.00 . . C! * Your inspection is in "
strait front. Princess Hip A Great Hosiery Special
style No. 568; made of fine cou- Women's extra fine Kauge c im-
tille; long, taptrinsr waist, medium ported hosiery in new designs of
high, full bust; for intermediate and lace effects, full fashioned feet and
full figures wishing slender hit> ef- a very choice quality in black with
feet; all sizes. Ask our expert fit-- colored silk embroidery. Real val-
ters to show you our other perfect- ucs 50c and 75c.
fitting: corsets. Silfl Price, 3 pair for $1.00
SZJD.3)avi$ & Co
CdnSecny St andSrantctve.
AGENTS ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS.Continued on Page 35, Column 1.
George. A. Knight, the famous .orator,
stepped forward and received a reception.
Ho i had ¦ to wait a ", few minutes before , the
applause • had subsided, . and "when quiet
was restored he launched forth in' a' fervid
appeal -i to • the - Republicans ~ to » stand;- by
their party". He appealed ,to them not to
be carried away by. false* rumors.^ He ad
vised them- to" stand by tne: ticket and
¦give ,to : San Francisco a \ clean • municipal
government" In' part'-he spoke as follows:
Eloquent Plea for Republican Muni
• - cipal Domination.
KNIGHT'S MASTERLY, EFFORT.
Thomas D. Riordan, a member of the
executive committee cf the United Kepub-
Extends Welcome on Behalf of the
Campaign Committee.
BIOBDAN'S ADDRESS.
Charles F. Daley. George H. Bahrs, Clifford
McCIellan. R. G. Rock. II. W. Fraser. E. M.
Buckley. A. G. Fisk.'J. A. Barr. N. Vallanos,
E. J. Martin. P. J. Kelly, "IV. Wallen Jr., J.
E. Roach. J. T. Norton. J. A. Masterson, D.
L. Fitzgerald, II. B. Davidson. R. A. Grler,
Alex Anderson, W. J. Walsh, E. A. Beeler. T.
D. Riordan. J. R. Altken, D. W. F. McNutt,
J. A. Barr, John Tonningsen, E. W. Brown.
L. E. Clawson. C. G. Clinch, T. W. Collins,
Eugene Korn, "Joseph Fisher. C. A Fisher J
M. LItchfleld. J. H. Fisher, G. T. Shaw.'Hc'nry
B. Rusi. John I. Spear. M. S. Jeffcrs, A. D.
Cutler, F. B. Wlleon. Alex Olsen, Dr. # M. Re
rtcsburger, M. H. Hecht. A. W. Voorsa'nzer
Dr. C. C. "Wadsworthr- R. H. Lloyd. H JI
Holbrook. O. F. von Rheln. A. Sbarboro P c'
Rossi, Horace L. Hill, W. L. Gerstle. Leon
SIoes, J. D. Grant. Jacob Stern. John F. Mer
rill. P. X. Lillenthal. J. K. Wilson, F. K
Beck. W. J. Dutton, C. Mason Kinne, C. s'
Benedict, E. C. Burr. Wakefleld Baker, C. i!
Havens, L. A. Schwabacher, H. A, Bauer, A.
I* Ehrman. J. B. Johnston. C. G. Clinch,
Fred Severance, J. S. Elliott, J. S. Partridge,
O. R. Fletcher. II. McMahon, ' Major H. T.
Bime, George H. Pippy. O. A. Tolle. George
Jacobson. Richard Cox, Walter McCauley.
Cnarles Mitcbell.
Away 'on the Alps to-night the peasant, over
come with -his Journey, weak, footsore. -.about
ready to - give up in despair, drops before ' thw
cross, «ays his prayer, takes up his burden and
goes on his way. The silent prayer of that
poor peasant to-night echoes round the world
and maintains the organization ; of . the holy
church of God: that redeems : us ,¦ from . barbar
ism and maintains our civilization. (Applause.)
The sailor in the far off sea in the land of the
midnight sun.- caught fast by Arctic snows and
icebergs floating all around him, drops upon
Ladies and Gentlemen. Citizens of San Fran
cisco:' When a Republican President of the
United States' conies to a. city as fair as! San
Francisco, as beautiful in her surroundings, as
richly endowed with everything .that nature
and Hod himself could contribute to her: where
the workiagtnan Is better fed, ¦ bstter housed,
better clothed, .better paid, than In any. city
under God's sun to-day (applause), he has a
right to expect that the city's chief executive
is a Republican. (Renewed applause.) Civic
pride, love of our fair coast, endearment to the
surroundings of dear old California should
make every man. woman and child stand by
the organization that from the time of Lincoln's
debates with Douglass up to the present time
has maintained , the grand central . Idea of pro
tection "to American Industry. When I * was
21 years of age my fir3t vote. was cast for the
greatest: labor union organization the earth ha3
ever known (applause), a -union that draws no
distinction of color: a union of labor bo great
and so. grand that party purpose in the words
of the Immortal Lincoln, "Fondly do we hope,
profoundly do. we pray that this bitter scourgo
of war may pass from us; but If God's will Is
that ' It- --continue ''-until every -drop of blood
drawn by the -lash shall be paid by another
drawn by the . sword. . we are in favor of an
honest, a free, an untrammeled union of labor,
no matter what the- color of a man's skin may
be." (ApDlause.) And it is that kind of an
organization that i appeals to fair .San , Fran
cisco in, this "campaign. . .
lican League, opened the. meeting with a
stirring speech. Mr. Riordan was given
the closest attention • and was cheered
throughout/ He spoke as^ follows:
On behalf of the Republican campaign com
mittee it Is both my duty and my pleasure to
extend to you a sincere and a cordial greeting
and also our heartfelt appreciation at the gen
erous response that you have made to-night to
our invitation to assemble here at this. ' the
opening meeting of the Republican campaign.
(Applause.) It Is neither my privilege nor
my desire to-night to discuss with you any of
the vital principles that are involved In the
forthcoming campaign.- -I- may. however,- be
permitted to state to you that in our opinion
this Is and should be and will be a Republi
can year, and that it is essential that -the
men who shall be elected to fill >¦ the : various
offices to be voted for at the forthcoming
election be men In whom all, the' citizens and
taxpayers of this community can ; repose the
utmost confidence; men who can - assure them
that the affairs of this municipality during
the forthcoming two years will . be honestly
and faithfully administered.' (Applause.) It in
therefore but meet and proper that you should
have been Invited to meet us to-hlght so that
you may see the gentlemen who were selected
by the last Republican convention r to control
and guide the destinies' of thU municipality
for the next two years, and hear them renew
their pledges to support .the platform adopted
by that convention and all the principles and
policies of the ¦ Republican party and to as
sure us that during the next two years they
will give this city an honest and an econom
ical administration. /•We ' confidently .believe
and we beg to assure, you that' we* think the
men who were nominated 1 for the various .offi
ces at the lant convention fulfill to the ut
most extent all these requirements : and ¦• that
they will honestly and conscientiously admin
ister the affairs of •thla-.mnnicipallty during
the ensuing term. ."We also ¦ assert, but w*
believe. our assertion Is not necessary, that th<»
gentleman Mr. Henry J. Crocker (cheers), who
has b*en selected to pilot us to victory on
November's and who will bring victory to the
Republican 'banner at. the -next election. Is a
man In ¦ whom every voter and taxpayer In
this community can ¦¦ repose confidence and be
sure that when he dons- the Mayor's toga
after the first Monday In January he will give
to this city, as honest, aa conscientious, m
faithful and efficient an administration as
this city has. ever had. (Applause.) We can
also assure, you that Mr. Henry J. Crocker
will fulfill the pledges and will fulfill the
wishes of the voters who voted for, the bond
issue in September and will see . that that
money Is expended so that this, our beautiful
city will be a' newer/a better and a'rreater
San' Francisco. (Applause.) f I '
And now ladies, and gentlemen. I. hav« the
honor of Introducing to you a gentlemanf who
needs no introduction, who will act as chair
man • of > the evening.' - the Hon. George A.
Knight. 1 (Applause^) ...
HENRY J. CROCKER. REPUBLICAN. CANDIDATE FOR MAYOR/ADDRESSING THE BIG RATIFICATION
MEETING /HELD AT THE ALHAMBRA; THEATER LAST EVENING, WHEN THOUSANDS LISTENED TO
A STIRRING 'SPEECH BY THE STANDARD BEARER OF A HARMONIZED PARTY. - - •:..-:'
And let me tell yon. fellovr-cltl
triiH. that nltlionsli yon may stand
and debate— I am talking 1 to Repub
licans—n» to -whether '-we have any
*how In tuln mnutcipnl election. It
In my firm belief — and I »m a can
didate for no office now. and I never
will lie fn California— it Is my firm
belief that Henry J. Crocker will be
the nest Mayor of San Francisco
l K rrnt upplanxr). If the Republicans
of San Francisco will do their duty.
I have nothing to say as against Miyor
Schmitz nor FranVJn Law. I would hav*
somethlns to say were I speaker of the party
they represent on the Invitation o: some who
er* surroundinc them and . possibly may dic
tate tfielr procedure and their acts.
Now, Republicans of San Frandsco^ — and • I
appeal' also to some of you -who are not so
very stronrr in your political convictions as
to align yourselves with any party— San Fran
cisco has a fr.ture before her. rood, bad cr
Indifferent, that we have the nnLr.s of In
this election and those that are to fellow. San
Francisco has hardly begun yet to put on
her morning garments, that are to be the
emblems of prosperity axd the progress of her
situs and .. her* surroundings. You do net
realize until you leave her fair abode what
you San Franciscans have and should be proud
of. Look at , your street car system In San
yranclsco. .A finer. body. of. men never worked
together in that number in the knevn world.
(Applause.>- You cant find In the 'world three
and four thousand men working in the same
occupation' tbat can compare- with the street
car men ot . San. Francisco. (Continued ap
plause.) Intelligent, industrious, active. i.<y
venttve. sober, reliable, your equal. n,y equal,
the. equal of any man en earth. You can talk
to those men. .Those men want . to do what
is best for thU cltj-. They want to do what
Is beat = for themselves. They want to do
what Is best • for . us all. ; The way to do Is
to reason with them; the way to do Is to talk
to the labor - people of this city and county
and they are with you. Go down to the Union
Iron ¦ Works,' the builders of the Oregon. - the
builders of the ¦ battleships . that have taken
the palm of the .world for -their • Inventive
genluj. Those msn are sood citizens and they
You say. "What recks it?" or "What has
that sot ti> do with the politics of San Fran
cisco?"' That this ought to be on a broad
business bas}?. You begin with Ihe hamlet,
ycu go to the vlllane, from there to the city,
the county, the State and the nation. I don't
like to see or hear a ReDUblican say. "Why.
It makes no difference about city elections."
H It makes . no . difference . about a city elec
tion it makes no difference about a State elec
tion. You disorganize your party, disorganize
your lodsreroom. disorganize any organization
that is suusosed to b« for tood. for the per
petuity of sound principles, and you strike
a vital blow at the very institution Itself.
Would you trust a new-born babe, or a healthy
child, one even of fourteen or fifteen, or a
young man of twenty-one or twenty-two to
the party who would have strangled It at Its
birth? No, you would not. ?
\ext year yon linve a Presidential
content, a ticrht where the life of
tblM very nation may be at Ntake,
and' do yon mean to tell me that
San FranclMco, this rejrnant queen
with the future before her. with
the eyen of the world apon her. 1m
not grolnsr to. have the sense that has
alwayit characterized the Republi
can party from the days of '5O np
to the present tlmef Are yon iroinic
to nell yonr blrthrlicht for a mess
of pottage while qnlbbllnj? over the
doubt na to whether yonr nominee
for Mayor Is coins to win or notf
Stand by yonr organization, fellovr-
Hepnblicansi stand by the party
that has made this nation; stand by
the Htalvrart men -who have written
In In w. In constitutional amend
ments their principle*, and defend
ed their convictions by their lives
and their blondt and there Is not a
sentence that has been written,
there hits not keen a word penned
by the Republican party from the
flnys of Lincoln to the present time
bnt that every man in this audience
approve" of, and It has become a
nart of the statutory and organic
laiv of the land. (Applause.)
his kaeea and hai's the star-spangled banner;
although alone in. the. far north, it is.the Insig
nia of h's country, and he feels, although
away up in the frozen region of the polar bear,
that he is not alone; he belongs to ths mighty
organization known as the . republic of the
United States of America. (Applause.)
And you Republicans who believe there Is
nothing in organization, you Republicans who
are standing on the street corner and wonder
ing whether your nominee Is going to win or
not, so down in defeat like men, if need be,
carrying the banner, but preserve your or
ganization. (Renewed applause.)
«
publican purpose to give
San Francisco better gov
ernment were regarded as
signals of victory which
every voter could plainly
read.
The audience represented
the best type of citizenship.
It was composed of business
men, workingmen and tax
payers — the men who fur
nish the money for the
maintenance of local gov
ernment — the men who are
firm in their determination
to wrest the control of mu
nicipal affairs from the
grasp of professional poli
ticians.
Henry J. Crocker spoke
manfully and frankly to his
fellow - citizens. Mighty
cheers attested the confi
dence of the people in their
leader. Inspired by the
great reception accorded to
him, he goes forward with
renewed courage and added
energy to do battle in the
cause of San Francisco's
advancement on true lines
of greatness.
It is obvious to the clos
est observers of the political
situation that the contest for
Mayor is really between
Crocker and Schmitz.
Lane's much heralded meet
ing at Turk-street Temple
last night was a fizzle. Only
twenty voters attended. He
fancies himself in the race,
but "where ignorance is
bliss 'tis folly to be wise."
The' vast attendance, the
inspiring cheers, and the
earnest declaration of Re-
r T^ HE Republicans of
£ San Francisco, united
and enthusiastic, pro
pose to make a brilliant rec
ord of success at the elec-r
tion on November 3. The
great mass-meeting at the
Alhambra Theater last
night was a significant pop
ular demonstration. It sig
nified, to the wavering non
partisan voters that the peo
ple of San Francisco have
resolved to abolish "graft"
at the City Hall,^to oust
job-chasing political flim
flammers and elect Henry
J. Crocker Mayor of the
city.
n\ Weil. J. C Campbell. .C. R. C«pp. C Carpy*
K. L. J^nrfeW. W. Laraon/W. R. Van Loon.
J. T. WiUUme. J. M. WJlkins. J. D. Try forts
3. C. Alf^ritz.
A- D. CarviM. G. E. Carter. <3. F. Cavallf.R.
0, Chandler. .TV. H. Crfm. D. VaUl*sarato«,
J.C. gpaulilrg, G. D. Clark." W. J. Golcaer,
that were particularly appropriate to the
occasion. Governor Pardee' Was' also un
p.ble to attend, and he sent a hopeful tel
ejrran. Bennett's band played patriotic
melodies throughout the night. The meet
ing was not allowed to . lag. Candidate
after candidate was introduced and ad
dressed the assemblage.
On the platform were the following vice
presidents:
C. W. Slack, B, X. Xason, C. VT. Coburn.
C. S. Laumelster. F. Tillman Jr., I. J. Tru
man, Dr. C. G. Kenyon, George Stone, F. A.
"Will. C. E. Fredericks. Thomas Westoby E.
B. Cutter, G. W. Stafford. R. H. I'eaxe. J G.
OelBlng. George D. Cooper. I. I*. Rosenthal.
A. Carrigan. J. F. Runge. R. H. Collins. L. M.
P.obblns. \V. J. Getty. John W. Van Bergen,
W. \V. Brunt. Stanley Forbes, Lloyd Baldwin.
EL W. Haujhey. W. C. Mysell, J. L. Prior,
C. DicUe, John J. Hore, A. L. Hart. R.
"VVieneke, F. McXaciara. A- Davidson. M.
Klelehhackcr. William Little, S. Suasmtn. K.
A. Lundstrcm. J. Martin, E. C. Prlber -J C
Hkinner. E. B. Power. L. S. Beedr. John San
horn. Thomas Brown, I*. Klau. J. Spier» Jr
H. T. Lally. A. CheseborouRh, J. O. Harrcri!
V.'. B. Hamilton. D. P.lch. George A. "Wright.
J. M, Plait. C. H. E'.lnn, F. A. Pedlar, George
K. Morse. C. B. Rode, E. J. Bannlnr. S. S.
Morton. Dan T. Cole. J. A. Callahan. E. R.
LlHientha.1, I. Golden. C. Verges.
Julius Kahn. M. H. de Young. William Hau,
G. H. Cnibsen. A. P. Williams, H. J. Jurs,
f. B. "Wilson. A. H. Greenberc. William Ire
land. Alex McCord. Frank E. Booth W X
Heap. F. IV. Barnett. H. X. Beatty. W. J.
Kuudick. George A. Sturdevant. Fred Blrdsall,
vJeorge Penclngton, J. J. Sullivan. A. Van der
?;? j: l ea^ Jr - P - A - Berserot. C. T. Lindsay,
V\ . S. Brann. Dr. D. B. Plymire. Henry Stern
T*r. J. Lcffler, W. H. Coles. II. W. Hlgfrir.n
K. L. Turpin, W. W. Chase. John Tuttle H P
Howard, X. B. Llverroore, F. H. Johnson C
A. Hur, S. T. Leffman. W. B. Hunt J c"
l/emraer. C. E. Li^p, V. Kinfrswell. M. Uan'sen*
R. C. Van rieet, J. J. McQueeney, G P
Ayers, J. W. Reiss. B. F. Hubbnrd. John Mid
?lloton. Joseph Tulte. Oliver Dlbbl» B F
McKlnley. l)z. J. O. Hlrschfflder, Marc" \n
thony. c. M. Tatcis W. P. Redineton. John
A. llocy, A. Duffee, Dortoa Xichclls. William
Symon, John J. Van Xostrand. Georgo Wim
mcr, S. M. Davidson, William Placemann, C.
J:urjd«cfcu. Georg« H. Walker. George II. P.oos
r.H H. Well, R. X. Frick, Maurice Brandt, s!
C IrviE^-.
J. S. Spear Jr.. L. R. La r2 ei erei Georg«
Rcnner. E. M. Ritter. B Jackson G. R.
Pncath. E. E. Bothin H. B Madison II. J
I^ask. A. H. Powtrs, J B Jardlne " M P.
Holmes. S. V.-. \jtxr. J. J. Mahoney. Frank
Mitchell, George Francis I> li. Bowley J. L.
MoXab. J. W. K^rr. J. B Mahoney" A. D.
t^pllvalo. C. W. Jackson. F. S Joos't A W
*=pear. William L^ach. Julius 'Jacob* if B.
V/oodworth, M. R. HIggins. E C Bart-
J*tt, O. E. Johnson. O. A. Tolle. A A. tinar-
Ini. J. A. Plysilre. T. H. Breezo, Harry Sher
wood. J. J. Kecfe. J. H. Xrustader E-l
ward Kelly. P. Crow!<>y. C. W. Cordon, 'n. H.
I'aiTiih, Darby Laydon. J. C. Skinner, t' W.
Unwn. Max Goldberg. XT. p. Fuller. A. S.
Mui^ium, A. G. Tornf. W. S. Gage Charles
SialUnan. J. F. Kjdd. J. W. Hostile C. Wo'.l
j"rt. M. Joo?t. Daniel Ryan. %v. G. Hind. W.
U. <^>n]es. Joseph Tique. John F. Fenno. J.
E. Roach. Robert V.". Harrison, Jules Bcrs*?.
£>. Ti. Bowles, • L. A. Lundy. J. j. Jacob!
W*. M. Pearby S. J. Hendy, W. C. LoavUt,
X.. G. Sr<*^ovich, E. M. Lynde. J. T. V.elbv.
V.illiaTn Fzrrell. H. W. Peterson. Frank
French. G. Schnee J C. Welsh William Far
rcll. J. E. ir.Mott H. C. Ahpel. F. A. Vail,
H. L. Rothschild. R. J. Welch, Louis Roaen
fcl<J. B. P. Uliemh&l. H. L. Rothschild. J. H.
Pulr.hart. <:. S. Laumeist<!r, A. II. Kilay, F.
V. My«-rs. i;. I. Wolfe. W. C. Johnson. J. E.
Ufllman. G. F. Albertl. Dr. H. Gibbons. K.
IVerthcimcr. George G Boisson. Jesse B. Ful
ler. C. F. liaesett J H. Xell, C. W. Gordon.
R. S. AtVins. I. D. Eluiome, A. de la Torre
Jr.. Vr. I'. Ford. Charles Mitchell, John Ton
nir^sen. Charles F. Daley F. G. Huskey, C.
H. J. Trumsn. W. B Cltiff I. Poly R. P.
Hurlbut. J. Levi Jr.. H". II. Lincoln. ' George
A. Hill. William Lewi*. A. K. Buckingham.
<\ A. Mur<lock. S. G. K*11or*. E. Epstein. H.
Zadir. trharle--! Suiro. E. Pollltr. A, W. Beadle.
II. Goudall.
B. P. Flint. I. J. Aechheim. J. A. Wilson. S.
Ki!\erbenr. (% M. Gorliain. G. Pohlmen, W. C.
tlez^ll. M. Shannon. C F. Curry. A. P. Van
l>uzer. T. If. A"an Frank. F. J. Symmes, V. S.
Webb. Lippman i<ach«, William Loewy. H. F.
r»£!t. F. D. F, 1*. Trcadwell. R. C.
\en Fl^t. L. L. Solrnncns. Henry Rcser.feld.
J. C Wilson, i;. U. Powers. W. H Schooler,
•ifoncc W. Schell. BJ A. Sclfridge. W. J. Her
rin. K. R. Ltttenthal. Thomas Klrkpatrick, R. J.
Taustig. C. D. Pike. J. T. Xour»e Jr. J. R.
AHkon. T. E. Haven. Jolm Lackmann. II. S.
J^rtinn". C. J. Paddock, K. A. Keil. T II Rab
lohn. IT. fL Kinr. A. Hcrnison. Henry" Steil,
r. A. House worth, K. Ti. Page, Thoma» Mor
ton. TZ. L. Heater. L. Jockers. J. .T. Dare A.
r,. Valleau. H. If. Kent. Henry Ach. George
xv. Hin<J, A. E. «:«stl*-. John D. fepreckel* TV 1
and present leaders of the grand old
party the audience responded with the
greatest enthusiasm.
Samuel M. Shortridge- also was to have
*l>oken, but owing: to a, business engage
ment he was forced to be absent. How
ever, he tent a. letter In which he ex
j.reused his regrets and paid high tributes
to the leader In the present contest The
Sum Booth Quartet appeared" and with its
aced leader at the head eang some songs
Geo.-ge A- Knight made an Ideal chair
irsaii. His magnificent voice could b«
hoard in all parts of the- building, and as
It rang out in eloquent tributes to past
the big hall w&s taken and
the late- comers were content to stand
for hours to hear the splendid speeches
delivered by the leaders of the
pare- It wa» an enthusiastic meet-
Ing. "Whenever the name of Henry J.
Crocker, the standard-bearer of the party
at the coming municipal election, was
mentioned it was the signal for Intense
enthusiasm, and great cheers greeted the
rurnes of Lincoln, Blaine, Garfleld, Grant,
ilcKinley ar.d Roosevelt.
The arrangements lor the meeting were
perfect- The decorations were simple and
consisted of American flags and bunting.
Throughout the hall the banners of the
various candidates were displayed. The
candidates occupied seats on the* plat
fcrm with ether distinguished workers of
the party.
THE Alhambra. Theater was
packed to its capacity at the
ratification meeting of th« Re
publican party last night. Long
before S o'clock every seat In
I maintain that the best interests of San
Francisco, can b« best subserved by the dic
tion of that ticket headed by Henrr J. Crr»ck?r.
Why?. Just as the great and only and elo
quent Knight has ¦ moment ag-> f?l«l you they
try to eliminate all question* here pertain
ing to th« Issues Involvlns ui.ai American
citizen*. It never 'can be fersotr#n ar.d it
never should be forgotten, and of all the cities
In t*e world that should net farset it it is
San Francisco, that America to-day is .waging
a contest against the world for supremacy,
which if once attained, will b-? i worth more
to San Francisco than the election of all th«
officeholders or ofnce»eekers that coulJ be pro
vided from a generation. Xo chain I* stronger
than its weakest link, and r.hu U to »ay that
ize His Address.
Jud C. Brusie, one of the best cam
paigners in the party, was introduced and
created a great deal of merriment by h'.s
clever stories. There was a great deal of
sound advice in Mr. Brusie's speech, and
his auditors listened to him with a deep
interest. His little paraphrase on old nur
sery rhymes and hi3 parrot story caught
the crowd. He spoke In part aa follows:
Sound Advice and Humor Character-
BRTJSIE IS FACETIOUS.
Hon. Arthur G. Fisk. Secretary Campaign
Committee — Dear Sir: A professional engage
ment will -deprive me of the pleasure and priv
ilege of attendinc the meeting at the Alham
bra. to-night and Joining in ratifying tile ticket
beaded by our next Mayor, Henry J. Crocker.
That ha Is honest v.-ill not be questioned:
that he I* capable is not to be doubted: and
that— all things considered — he la the best man
for the place can. I believe, be' made plain ant
clear to all thoughtful citizens. I would attack
no man's character. I would Impugn no man's
motives; I would simply apply the Jeftersoniaa
test — lntesrlty, capacity, fitness. Measuring
candidates by that standard, it would appear
upon dispassionate reflection that the- city's
great interests will be best guarded and ad
vanced by the election of Mr. Crocker. Friend
of all legitimate business enterprises and
enemy of none, looking toward the steady and
profitable employment of labor and capital, his
election would meaii and be understood
throughout the Unton to mean that San Fran
cisco wants Industrial peace and harmonious
co-cperatlon of all her people: it would be an
absolute guarantee ot an Intelligent and pro
gressive and. at the sam« time, an honest,
conservative and safe administration.
If it be true that a city be known by th«
men It crowns, then as a citizen and as a Re
publican. I earnestly desire the election of
Henry J. Crocker.
I have the honor to remain, your* very
truly SAMUEL. M. SHORTRIDGE.
Samuel M. Shortrldge's letter was thea
read to the audience by Chairman Knight.
There were regrets that he was not pres
ent to charm with his eloquence. The let
ter was as follows:
SAX FRAN'CISCO. Oct. 10. 1903.
Sam Booth's Quartet sang: the stein
song -with words that appealed to the bir
audience. They sans the chorus with *
swing, and the crowd grew enthusiastic
again. The chorus ran:
We'll all stand together /
In every kind $f weather.
With a. cheer for Crocker
And a good sons ringing treat
Oh! we'll all stand tozethorr
In every kind of weather.
With shoulder to shoulder
We will go to victory.
Hon. Arthur G. Fisk. Mills, Building. Saa
Francisco: Illness prevents acceptance of
your Invitation. Every Republican should
vote the ticket headed by Henry J. Crocker.
There ought to be no doubt of Its election
and will be none if Republicans do their plain
duty. GEORGE C. PARDEE.
"When the chairman had concluded his
eloquent speech the applause was deaf
ening. After the audience had finished
shouting and applauding Mr. Knight read
the following telegram, sent by Governor
George C. Pardee:
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 9, 1903.
And when yon talk to the labor
people of Cnllfornin. and when you
talk to the laboring men of the
United Stntc* of America, all yea
nave to do la to nhoir them— you
don't have to ihoir them, bat recall
to them and to their mintla the
history- of the party that lias done
no math for the elevation of labor,
and In their hearts' conviction* and
their nonlK they are Republican*,
and frill so vote If not driven away.
(Renewed applause.)
I never had any fear of the labor
ljnsf men of the t'nlted States of
America. I never had aay fear hat
Tvhnt Tvhen the time came. If they
have been led astray by fal*e
prophet* and by walking delegate*
who have no heart in their move-*
ment. the time will come when they
will come back to the Republican
fold and acknowledse by their
-votes and by their talk, and by their
act* that the place for every labor
ing man In the I'nited State* of
America i* with the party that pro
claimed that the air of America wa»
too free to be breathed by a alave,
and that a man was entitled to an
honest ilny'» pay for an honest day'*
work. (Applame.)
And now, fellow citizens of, San Francisco,
feeling, as I do. the civic pride that every
American citizen should feel, and with the
hope that is no way tarnished by doubt, 1 be
lieve that San Francisco will achieve the r>ia<-'<»
deatised to her by the great Almighty who
brought us h*re and placed us upon the earth
to be active workers and busy bees In the hlv»
Of progress. -
Fellow Republicans and fellow citizens of
San Francisco. I appeal to you to-night for an
organization, the history of which I need not
recall to you to-nl^ht. but suffice it to say
that It Is crowned with more honor. more
glory, more peace, more comfort to liod'a labor
ing poor than any crowned head thut ever at
tracted the attention of the -world. tApplause »
It took the tanner Grant and emblazoned his
name en the shield of ths world's great heroes.
It made the towpath of GarflelJ ths broad
highway of progress. It took our Immortal
Lincoln with his love for the human race
(cheers) and set him among, the stars.
Vote the Republican tleket: -rote
It: stay with your organisation; a*k
your neighbor to do likewise, and
the peace and the prosperity that
come* from jjooi! riolnsr will be
yours, and the ninlle of our God Trill
rent upon your proprem. < Great
applause.)
are Republican* when you talk, to them. Tliey
can't be any tains else. (Applause.)
Immense Throng
Listens to the
Orators.
Candidates Are
Cheered to the
Echo.
VICTORY SIGNALS
ARE DISPLAYED
BY REPUBLICANS
Republicans Do
. Honor to
Leader.
Lane Is Charged
With Incom
petency.
Chairman Knight
Makes Able
Speech.
Ratify the Ticket
With Great
Fervor.
THOUSANDS CROWD THE ALHAMBRA
AND WILDLY CHEER HENRY J. CROCKER
SAN FKANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903.
#ages33td44
PagesiiStiBERLIN, Oct. 10. — By courtesy of Inspector
Roecburr of the Prussian military bands, the
combined bands of the Fourth Regiment of
Guards and Fourth Regiment of - Grenadiers
gave a concert to-T»y for George. W. Stewart,
manager of the musical department oi the St.
Louis Exposition, In the pavilion of ths Zoo
logical Gardens.
R. *H. E.
Nationals 4 9 0
Americans 2 5 2
Batteries — Weimer end Kilns; Altrock and
Sullivan.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 10.— Cleveland won both
games from Cincinnati here to-day In the con
test for the State championship. There are
three more games to the series, all In Cin
cinnati, two to-morrow and one on Monday.
The series now stands five to three in favor
of Cleveland. Scores:
First itame — R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 10 1
Cincinnati 1 4 1
Batteries— Moore and Abbott; Hahn and
Pelu.
- Second rame — R. ¦ H. E.
Cleveland , c 7 2
Cincinnati 1 1 5
- Batteries— Berohard and Abbott; Ewing and
Peitz. . .
Nationals .....' 2 8 1
Batteries — S levers and Sugden; McFarland
and R: an.
CHICAGO. Oct.' 10. — Weimer pitched his
third game in the series against the Ameri
cans to-day and won his third victory by al
lowing only five singles. Attendance, 5200.
Score : • • . '--. r .
T> "TX TP
PltUburg 3* 10' 3
Boston .7 11 4
Batteries — Phllippl and Phelps; Young and
Crlrer.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10.-T-The Americans and
Nationals broke even In a doubl»->ieader here
to-day. The Nationals made seven runs off
Sudhoff in the third inning of the nrt>t game
and hs was relieved by Morgan, who did
better. The becond game was well played.
Heidrirk's drive over the fence with two men
on bases was the feature. Attendance, 34S0.
First came — R. H. E.
Americans 1 A 4
Nationals 12 15 2
Batteries — Sudhoff. Morgan and Shannon;
Murphy and Ryan.
Second game — R. H. E.
Americans ?• 10 1
Young pitched a fine game for Boston and
was very steady with men on bases. Three
bases were again allowed for a hit into the
crowd. The visitors profited most from this
rule, five of their eleven hits landing among
the epectator?. some of which would have
been easily caught on a clear field. The batting
and fielding of Bransfleld and the lleldtng of
Wagner, Ritehey and Parent and the catch
ing of Cri«er were the features of . the game.
Both teams left to-night for Boston, where
they will play again Monday. Attendance,
17.800. Score: . . ¦ ,
PITTSEURG, Oct. 10.— The second largest
crowd that ever attended a ball- same at Kx
positlon Park greeted the American and Na
tional League champions when they appeared
on the field to play the fourth and last home
game of the series. Boston won easily, mak
ing three straight victories ror the visitors.
The magnificent record made by Phlllppl in
winning the three games he pitched against
the Boston pennant winners led the crowd
to think be could do so again, but in this
they were disappointed. As he walked to the
center of the diamond to begin th«' game he
was given the greatest reception ev<*r tendered,
a player on the local grounds and presented
with a diamond pin. He pitched a good,
steady game, but Boston's hits came when
mo« needed, while Pittsburg. could not bunch
theirs.
High jump — Titus, Santa Clara, first; Blake
more, Berkeley, second; Magerstadt, Lick,
third. . Helzht. 5 feet 6% . inches . ; - . .
. Broad jump— Mel vin, Oakland, first; Mager
stadt. second. Distance, 20 l*et 6 inches.
Shot-put — Rose, • Ukiah, first; ¦ Blakemore, '
Berkeley, second; Horton, Uktah, third. Dis
tance, 62 feet 6 inches.
- Mile run — De Mamiel, Lowell, first; Maun
drell, Lowell, second; Gibson, Lick, third.
Time. 4:04. •
The following were the . officials of the
day; \
George Elliott, referee; 'Smith, Tompkins,
Woolscy and H.; Smith, timers; Cadogan, start
er; Everett, • Brown, Uotts, Barker and Toung,
judges: , Cooley, Powell. Carroll, :.. ( WUcox,
.Wosterman and Irwln, field judges: ".Young,
Harris and Slnchelmer, Inspectors; Thompson,
announcer: Krenz, scorer; Montgomery, clerk of
course, assisted by Titus and Laumeister. •
. The following schools had men entered
In the events:
, Fresno, Modesto, Ukiah, Oakland, Berkeley,
120-yard hurdle: Final— Horton, Ukiah,
first; Titus, Santa Clara, second; Dozler, Oak
land, third.
220-yard dash: Trial— Schwartz, first. Sec
end heat — B«ch, first. Final — Schwartz, Low
ell: Bech, Lick: Whitman, Oakland. Time,
:23 4-5.
100-yard dash: Final — Schwartz, Lowell,
first; Middleton, .Oakland, second; Cope, Cali
fornia School of Mechanical Arts, third. Time,
:10 1-5.
120-yard hurdle trial: First heat — Titus,
Eanta Clara, first; Dozier, Oakland, second.
Second heat — Melvln, Oakland, first; Horton,
Ukiah, second. Time, :17 1-5.
S80-yard dasji — Byrnes, Fresno, first; Miller,
Berkeley, second; Tost, Lowell, third. Time,
:29 1-5. •
Berkeley .Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 10.
Just as the last event in the intercol
legiate meet of last spring decided the
victory of the day, so did the last event
of the interscholastic meet held this af
ternoon on the Berkeley oval under the
auspices of the Academic League decide
with whom the honors of the day were
to rest. Melvin's jump of 20 feet 6 inches
gave him first place In the broad jump
and his school, the Oakland, the neces
sary points to win over its close competi
tors, Lowell and Ukiah. The three lead-
Ing schools stood as follows: Oakland, 2S;
Lowell, 25; Ukiah, 22.
The only record breaking of the day
was done by young Rose of Healdsburg,
the giant shot putter. Rose broke his
own world's interscholastic record by
putting the twelve-pound weight 52 feet
6 inches. His former record stood 62.22
feet. The other performances on track
and field were of as high order as those
of former years, but the rain last night
and this morning made the' track so
heavy that it was impossible to cover the
distances in good time. In the hundred
Schwartz of Lowell was able to equal the
academic record of 10 1-5. The first two
trial heats were run In poor time.- In the
mile, two Lowell men, De Mamiel 'and
Maundrell, took first and second places
respectively. They both ran a good race,
but could not make time on account of
the heavy track.
The events and results of the day came
in the following order: - ... —
100-yard dash— Midaieton, Oakland, first;
Cope, California School of Mechanical Arts,
second. "Second heat — Schwartz, < Lowell, first;
Vesper, Oakland, second. Time, :11.
440-yard dash — Sheehan, Oakland. . j first;.
Rambs, Ukiah, second; Rathbone, Santa Rosa,
third. Time. :55 1-5.
BOSTON TAKES
ANOTHER GAME
MELVIN'S JUMP
WINS THE DAY
To improve shooting in the British navy
Gibson Bowles will suggest in the House
that retention, of commands. shall depend
on gunnery results.- & '
Skeotic "Wins Duke of York Stakes
LONDON, Oct. 10.— Skeptic won the
Duke of York stakes for 2000 sovereigns
to-day, at the» Kempton Park autumn
meeting. Happy Slave was second and
Glass Jujr came In third.
Reliance failed entirely to puncture the
college men's line yesterday. They never
made their distance once, though on the
defensive they forced Berkeley to kick of
ten, Berkeley's line is going to look big
to . Stanford when the sweaters are
stripped off for the big game.
¦The following was the line-up of the
teams:
Reliance.'. Positions. California.
Whlttner. L. — E. — R Hudson-Craig
Martin. ........ .L.— T.— R. Heltmuller
Gaffey-O'Toole. . L.— G.— R k • Overall
Cavanaugh Center Stroud
Smock ....'.' R. — G. — L. Stow
Hamilton. . ..... R, — T. — L. . .." Howard
Levitt.*.... R. — E.— L. ...... ..... DemerKt
Holt Quarter Belknap
Mueller. L.— H.— R.. Whlpple-Snecligar
Booth......;... R.—H.—L. ....... Minl-Rlsiey
Atkinson. ..... . .Fullback Boynton-Elllott
Umpire — Billy Magee. ' Referee — Everett
Brown. ' - .
Stockton. Alameda. San Rafael, Santa Rosa,
Healdaburg, California School of Mechanical
Arts. Mission; Lowell, St. Matthew's, San Jose,
Santa Clara. Napa. Palo Alto. Hitchcock, Trin
ity School and Polytechnic of San Francisco.
PLENTY OF MIRE.
Aside from the rich. black mud and the
occasional Jets of steel blue profanity
from Mr. Cavanaugh of the Reliance,
there was not much in yesterday's game.
Both teams wallowed through mire and
slipped on thefr own shadows. The ball
was sodden with moisture and cubed by
chunks of 'dobe, which made it almost
impossible to hold in a scrimmage.
Berkeley would have scored against Re
lianco by straight, clean bucking had the
ground been hard. Her backs showed
marked improvement over their former
half-hearted bucking. . If they had only
had solid ground beneath their feet they
could have beaten through the club line
for one touchdown at least. The appear
anceof little Mini at his old place behind
the line has added strength to Berkeley's
aggressive powers, for he goes through
a hole like a cat an« down. a. scattered
field as a hare in a course.
They allowed Boynton and Elliott to
take turns at fullback yesterday, while
Snedlgar took a chance at half, alternat
ing with "Whipple. " The hew men showed
up creditably. Belknap got out the ball
at quarter. It is now a mooted question
whether More, last year's quarter, will
take fullback's position with. Belknap at
quarter or retain his old place behind
center with the chances of developing a
good fullback out of the material at hand.
.Belknap certainly plays a cracking good
quarter and should, be in the big game.
BERKELEY FORCED TO KICK.
ture the same question to a Reliance
man he will reply with emphatic punctu
ations that. there was no score on either
side and 'that' Berkeley 1 was. "given its
seven points by the referee. The^ referee;
an" old Berkeley graduate, declared that
the college team scored a. field goal and
a safety, all kicks of Reliance to 'the con
trary notwithstanding, and so the official
score stands, California 7, Reliance 0.
Reveree ."Evvy" Brown worked as hard
thumbing the pages of his latest Spald
ing's Guide as any of the giants of the
moleskin. In the second half all of the
trouble came. From Reliance's thirty
five yard line Overall sent the soggy pig
skin flying toward the goal from a place
kick. It soared dangerously near the
left post of the goal, but above It. Brown
declared it a field goal. The rooters
went wild and Cavanaugh, the Reliance
granite man, swore in a manner most
ungentlemanly.
' Then later, when from their five-yard,
the Reliance center passed the ball back
for a kick, complications arose. Mueller,
Btanding behind the goal line, yelled
"down" as soon as the ball touched his
hands, thinking to make a touchback in
stead of puntlngMt out of danger. Two
Berkeleyites brought him to earth.
Brown, the referee,: grew nervous for a
minute and then declared that a safety
had been scored, which gave the college
team two additional points. Mr. Gaffey
of the Reliance team thereupon refused
to play in Berkeley's back yard and quit
the field. .
IF you ask a Berkeley man who won
the game on the college campus
yesterday afternoon he will prompt
ly say California, 7 to 0. If you ven-
NEW TORK, Oct. 10.— Mrs. Tree, wifa of
Judge Lambert Tree, the well-known Jurist of
Chicago and formerly United J States Minister
to Belgium and Russia, died on the steamer
Campania while on her return trip from Eu
rope. Death was due to syncope. . ;
Famous Stallion Dobbins Killed.
LONDON, Oat. 10.— Richard Croker's
famous American stallion Dobbins has
been destroyed on orders from his own
ers.. The old 'sire had. developed an en
largenffent of -one hind leg, from which he
suffered greatly.
INCIDENTS IN ATHLETIC CON
TESTS HELD ON TRACK AND
GRIDIRON AT BERKELEY.
Billy Brltt, representing his brother,
Jimmy, and Billy Roche, acting for
Charley Selger, met at Harry Corbetfs
last night and selected Eddie Graney to
referee the coming fight between the
lightweights on Friday night. But Britt
and Seiger are reported to be in' good con
dition and ready for the ring, so the fight
promises to be an exciting one.
Graney Named as Beferee.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn.. Oct 10.— Harold
F. Cribbles, a professional ball player,
smashed the world's bowling record on
the regulation alleys for ten pins, mak
ing twenty-nine successive strikes and a
spare on his thirtieth ball. He continued
to roll ctrlke* until he had rolled fifty
balls, his record being forty-nine strikes
and a spare. The best previous record
claimed was twenty-seven successive
strikes.
New World's Bowling Becord.
I^edy Pinta beat Little Sifter. 13-8- White
T5uck beat Alameda Led. 11-4; Wedge wjod
b*at C!at«<-e. »-5; Mike Rice beat Royal Sport.
6-1; Orw-erd Maud beat Flora Temple 10-4;
Ytung I •earless l*at OUo. 3-2; Cremo beat
Bfauty Ocid, 4-0; Mis* Or**n tx>a* Fr»e Port,
1<:-O; Medley beat Slievenamon. 6-1; Lily
Wright beat Mercy Lou 4-2; Boots beat Mag
tAy Stuff. 11-2; Roy Hughie beat Prometheus.
MJ; Cascade beat Rook and Rye. 11-2; Wattles
bpat May Connelly. .V2; Reta S beat Tyrone
Prince. •:S-0; R^nfjrade Aoache beat Shadow.
5-3; Linda Vlfta beat Margaret. 4-2; Mcnlo
Prince beat R^m'sso, 1O-4; Sofala b«at In
tender. R-O: Manhattan King beat Gilmore.
13-C; Donr.ybrook b«-at Advance Guard, 12-2;
Meddlesome beat Roulette 9-4- Yellowtall beat
Crockett 3cy. 8-0; Braw'a Hill beat Little
Mrrcy. 15-5; Duhallow beat Honor Bright.
11-2; Queen't Motto beat Bonnie Hughie. 6-0;
Oloverdale beat Rrgal Attire. 6-0; Little Lucy
beat October Lad. 6-4; Belle Lloyd beat Rag
time, 7-1; Tor>«y Turvy beat Tom Hurllck.
O-2; Equator beat Chu Chu. 4-3; Our Myra
beat Good Decision. 15-2; Luxury beat
Ploughman. 4-2; Odd Eyes beat Gold Lily,
f»-0: Tom Savers beat Babe Jenny, fc-3; Frank
Dunn beat Pure Gold, 11-6; False Alarm beat
White Mystery. 5-0; Flora Belle beat Rich
Argoey. 5-3; Mount Rose beat Anchor. 12-2;
Kittle Plunger beat Homer Boy. 6-4; Fair
Oak* beat Mountain Poet, 0-1; Progreso beat
Handsome Jim. 1K-.1; Irvinrton Tralee. beat
Concord Boy. 3-O; Dorothy M beat Katie Belie.
R-3; Dear Ga»ton beat Concord Lady. 5-0;
Mies Shirley beat Colored Lady. 3-2; Royal
Friend b*at Pepper Jack 7-0; Hesper beat
Piker. J4-3; Una beat Preclta Maid. 8-7: Lady
Menlo beat Black Flush. 4-2; Jerry Wright
beat Fair Glen. 6-1; Doreen beat Fine Gold.
ft-O; Lulu Girl beat Belfast. 5-3; Roxana beat
Vagrant. 6-1 : Pure Pearl beat Harvey M.
27-6; Idaho Boy beat Conroy. 19-4.
Half & dozen short ends came through
at odds that made the plungers guess a
blL The first course of the day was a
surprise. Lady Pinta beat out Little Sis
ter, a 2 to 1 choice that the wise ones
played to a finish, by a score of 13 to 8. j
Favorites came, through after that for
twenty courses and until Donnybrook took
the fiat from Advance Guard, a 1 to 3
favorite. Braws HIM beat Little Mercy
at 5 to 2. Belle Lloyd outpointed Rag
time at 3 to 1, Odd Eyes, a 2 to 1 choice.
#?ot the decision from Gold Lily, and Lit
tle Plunger won frcm Homer Boy at 3
to l.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thpmas Tierney's official scores:
Recent rains have put the- grounds at
Ingleside Coursing Park In a condition
that favor* the hares and in , the run
down yesterday of the big open stake It
was almoet even money that the trials
would be ended without a kill being
ecored.
SEVENTH RACE — Ona and thr««-alxteentl»
miles; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Joekey. St. «4 Fin.
3 to 2— The Bobby. 101 (J. Taylor) ft 8 1 nk
9 to 5 — Leenja. M (Howell) 7 3 2 5
20 to 1— The Way. 104 (Miller) 1 6 3 nk
Time 2:03^i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. J. Ogle's ch. g. by Inspector B-
Pansy Blossom. Baronet 101, Prism 92. Mor
ris Volmer 04, Lindenella 07. W. B. Gates 103.
also ran.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. BU K Fin. i
1 to 3— First Mason. 105 (Watson) 1 8 1 nk
10 to 1— Athelroy. 104 (Miller) 4 4 2 1
10 to 1— Yellow Tatl. 11* (King).. 6 2 3nk
Time 1:50 Start good. Won easily. Win
ner Oots' Bros.' ch. e. by First Mate-Manola
Mason. Neversuch 102. Bengal 100, Golden
Glitter 111. Treacy 104. also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Ona and a sixteenth miles;
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K T\n.
IB to 5— Bridge. 107 (Austin) 4 1 1 S
10 to 1— Brulare. 107 (Smith) 8-5 26
7 to- 2— Mino, 87 (Howell)........ 3 3 3nk
Time 1:14%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner J ' P Bratton's b. c. by Jullen-Brooklst.
Lady Vashtl 77. Avotd S5. Ed Ball 90. Kindred
112. Denzll 87, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Ona mile; Criterion handl-
BeUing. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Tin.
7 to 1— Pros, la Gal. 103 (Smith) 3 4 In'*
11 to 20 — M. Beaucaire. 115 (Shehn) 2 3 2 1
16 to 1— Pourquoi Pas. 82 (Calvlt) 113 3
Time. 1:43%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. P. Bratton'B gr. h. by Faraday-
Altlvola. Jordan 108, Jack Young 105, alio ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; Belling:
Betting. ¦ Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
4 to 1-Dolly Gray. 103 (Austin). 1 2 1 ni
6 to 1— Mlas Manners. 108 (Foley) 4 3 2 *,
4 to 1— Weird. 105 (Matthews)... 5 1 3 nk
Time l:15»i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. T. P. Hayes' br. t by St. George-
Palmette. Revenge Dare 107. Theory 10*.
Pepper Dick 107. Rollick II 107. S14 Sibrer
104 Helen Print 100. Ona Mor» 107. Daniel
107] also ran.
SBCOND RACE — One. mile; soiling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin,
11 to 5— Cogswell. 107 (Foley) 1 6 16
15 to 1— Haver Runa. 90 (Hensey) 2 12 6
12 to 1— Dr. Holscher, 109 (Shehan) 7 4 3 4
Time 1:45. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner P" J Miles" blk. g. by Jim Gray-Leola.
Latinay »O Oloneti 101. Crime- 101. Ora Mo-
Klnney 97 Leech »5. Hoedown, 92. also ran.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 10. — The Criterion
handicap was the feature of seven well-
Oiled races here this afternoon, and the
practically neglected Prosper la Gai won.
The rest of the races were won by fa
vorites. In the sixth. First Mason mad*
a show of his field, winning in a common
canter.
The weather was clear and the track
good. Summary:
FIRST RAVE— Flv» and a half furlong* S
purse : «_« ¦ r
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
¦ *<> 2— Anne Davis. HO (Austin). 2 111
9 to 2 — Lady Fre* Knight, 105 -• -- ¦"
(Foley) 4 3 2 a
4 to 1— Quaker Girl. 105 (Smith). 12 3 2
Time. l:W» a i. Start goti. Won easily.
Winner. T. P. Hayes' br. I. by Loyallst-Va
lerina. Woods Perry 107 Tootsy Mack lOfl^i
Port Warden 110, ida'Davis 88, Enlspone 103.
also ran. |
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SIXTH RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles on Withers course; handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
11' to 5-Eugenla Burch. 112 (Hicks) 1 3 . J IVi
8 to 5— S. Moments. 109 (Gannon) 3 2 2 8
7 to 2— Carbuncle, 104 (Redfern) . . 2 4 3 h
Time 2:014-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. L. CurtiB 1 b. f. by Ben Strome-
The Htunber. Lord Badge 100 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— The Morris Park Autumn
Stakes, weight for age. two and a quarter
Bettfrig. Hcree, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5— Shorthose. Ill (Fuller) 1 - J*
1 to 2-M. Daingerfleld. 124 (Odom) 2 1 2
Time. 4:01. Start fair. Won easily, ¦^in
ner. Goughacre Stable's b. c. by Athellng-Miss
Glennon.
FOURTH RACE— Eclipse course; maiden 2-
Betting. 'Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 5 — Tepee. 104MBurns) « 1 12
4 to 1— Piquet.' 105 (O'Neill) 7 3 2h
5 to 1— Colleen Bawn, 104 (Gannon) 1 2 .T6
Time, 1:10. Start fair. Won handily. Win
ner F. R. Hitchcock's ch. t. by Pontlac-Pon
cho\ Donnelly 107, Monsoon 104, San Remo
107. Ascetic 107, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Tha White Plain* handicap,
two-year-olds, Eclipse course:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Divination. 108 (Redfern). 5 11 1.
« to 1— Palm Bearer. 115 (Fuller) 3 6 2 1},
6 to 1— Race King. 122 (Gannon). 4 4 3 ~
Time. 1:00 3-5. Start fair. Won drKing.
Winner, A. Miller's ch. f. by Horoscope-White
Rose. Ed Tierney 100, Pulsus 12S and Crown
Prince 100 also ran. {
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, about two
and a half miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5. to 2— Manilian, 153 (Sartel) . .. . . 1 2 12
11 to 5— J. Newman. 163 (G. Green) i 1 2, 5
15 to 1— (Jascar. 150 (Pending).... 3 * 3 6
Time. 5:03. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. L. Oliver's ch. g. by Spendthrift-Phll
tppa. Zinztbar 15S and Bay Secret 158 also
-an. ...
The track was in surprisingly good con
dition, dust actually flying during the run
ning of the White Plains handicap. Only
two starters went to the post for the
Autumn stakes, and the poorer horse won.
Summary:
FIHST RACE — Selling, two-year-olds, six
and a half- furlongs, on Withers ¦ mile :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
9 to 10— Outcome, 106 (Fuller)... 3 4 1 }j
10 to 1 — Sals, 1C9 (Cannon) '1 3 2 1%
12 to 1 —Tim Payne. Ill vHlcks).. 2 2 3 1
Time 1 :21 3-5. Start lair. Won driving.
Winner, JWl Clay's b. f. by Sir Dixon-Ollio
Glenn. Green Crest 10«. and Tosic 100 also
ran.
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 10 Although
neither the weather nor the attractions
was up to the standard, the attendance
at the last day's races on the Morris Park
track was very large.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
3 to 1 — Mansard. 00 (Ferrell) 7 115
2 to- 1— Sir Hugh. 00 (Adkins) I 2 2 h
0 to 5— H. McDanlels, 105 (Phillips) 3 3 3 nk
Time. 1 :20 2-5. Start fair. Won In a canter.
Winner, E. J. Smith's b. g. by FIorist-Fedal
ma. I Know 112, Tonsoll 99, The Major 105,
St. Simonian 10C, also ran.
Time, 2:03 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. G. Morton's b. f. by Charaxus-
Vigil. Domtfdge 09', Compass 82, Lord Mel
bourne 93. Give All 07, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and three-sixteenth,
milts: selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
7 to 1 — Dodle S. 92 ( J. Booker) 1 4 Ink
2 to 1 — Barrack, 101 (Pollak) 2 3 2 5
0 to 5— Little Elfcin, 101. (Robblns) 3 6 3 4
Time, 1:16 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. F. Schorr's ch. h. by Domino-Belle
of Maywood. Federal 05. Nitrate 107, Scorpio
103, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
7 to 2 — Olympian. 114 (Reed) 5 1 1 h
0 to. 10— Jack Ratlin, 106 (Bonner) 1 3 2 h
7 to 1 — Muresca. 00 (Wilson) 2 2 3 1
Time, 1:56 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
\V inner. Ward & Harlan's ch. f. by Pirate of
Penzance-Belle Swift. Dr. Stephens 105.
Bondage 06, Albert F. Dewey 95. Wltful 103.
The Don 05, Luralighter 100, Judge Hlmea 118.
also ran.
THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles,
Liberty handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to 1— Ldy Jocelyn, 101 (Adkins) 1 2 1
Id to 1— St. Tammany, lOKDvissn) 4 12 2
7 to 2 — Major Tenny. 92 (S.BnnrUO 7 3 1
SECOND KACE— Five and a half furlongs,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
11 to B — Bardolph. 108 (Bonner).. 5 3 11
13 to 10 — Stemwlnder, 108 (II.
Phillips) 1124
10 to 1— Bensnhurst. 105 (Rbbins) 3 2 3 Vt
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
Gorman & Bauer's b. c. by Mlrthrul-Bermuda
Dance. Jimalong 100, Alb«marle 105, Miss
Mollle 85, Nabockllsh 112. Little Mission 100,
Anna Beall 100, also ran.
' CHICAGO. Oct." 10.— Lady Jocelyn. at 6
to 1, won the Liberty handicap at Worth
to-day. St. Tammany, at 10 to 1, was sec
ond, and Major Tenny, an added starter
and coupled with "Wilful as the S. C. Hll
dreth entry and held' favorite at 7 to 2.
was third. Judge Himes, one of the best
backed horses in the race at 4 to 1,
propped all the way and was a bad last.
The weather was clear and cool and the
track still slow. The largest crowd of the
meeting attended. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Seven furlong-?, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weisht. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
9 to 1— Chrlle Thcmpsn. 107(Blake) 6 114
» to 1— Sarah Maxim. 90 (Phillips) 3 3 2 1
9 to 2— Belle Mahone, 89 (Robblns) 5 2 3 1
Time, 1:00 3-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, K. Trotter & Co.'s b. g. by Appomattox-
ForRet-Me-Xot. Tiogo 09. "Wcrthing^on 112,
Four Leaf C .104. Fair Lady Anna 00, Barkel
more 102. El Ghor 104. Don't Ask Me 104,
Lola L. 00. Small Talk 09, Bluemint 107, Gua
dalqulver £9. also ren. - y;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge Himes Sulks Through
out and Comes In a
Bad Last.
Big Stake Brings Out Runs
That Go Close to Time ,
Limit.
Divination Wins the White
Plains Handicap at
Morris Park.
First Mason Makes Show of
His Field in the Purse
Event.
Coursers Are Given
Some Lengthy Trials
at Ingleside.
Filly Wins the Liberty
Handicap at Worth
Major Damgerneld Is
Beaten by a Poor
Ride. •
Son of Faraday First in
Star Event at St.
Louis.
HARES OUTFOOT
THEIR PURSUERS
AUTUMN STAKES
FOR 5H0RTH05E
PROSPER LA GAU
WINS CRITERION
LADY JOCELYN
RUNS GAMELY
t THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903.
Clubmen Dispute the Award of the Game to, the College Players
Upon a Goal From the Field Made by Captain Overall and a
Safety Inadvertently Scored by Mueller, Halfback of the Club
CALIFORNIA WINS FROM RELIANCE
ACCORDING TO REFEREE'S DECISION
34
. .: / ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The disease known as Contagious Blood Poison has become the tt V^^^^SJn^vV.
curse of all mankind. It is universal and world-wide, and existed \>?> v^jt^A A
centuries ago- and is older even than the Pyramids. \ |V*S ss*$H/^H
Upon the bodies of the a^cienf Kg} T ptian mummies nodes and \ yf /jm^ y
knots and other unmistakable symptoms of this horrible blood • in/' iff
taint have been discovered. Traces of mercurial poisoning have |)Mji|j
also been found in the bones and joints, showing this mineral was If \V <2^V \ fclr^
used in the treatment of Blood Poison in those early times. In all
uncivilized, as well as enlightened nations, this vile disease is GJ** W
found to-day in all its loathsomeness, entailing untold suffering
not only upon the one who contracts it, but saddest of all is the humiliation and shame
that is brought into the lives of the innocent by this degrading malady. So contagious .
is it that one can become inoculated by drinking from the same vessel, shaking hands
with or handling the clothing, of one infected with this disease. It is often transmitted
from parents to children, and sores;> scrofulous swellings, severe skin eruptions, sore eyes
and catarrhal troubles are some of the effects.
The first outward sign of Contagious Blood Poison ...i^S'KSSS^SffifS:
IS a small SOre or blister. As the poisonous virus done me in a case of Contagions Blood
spreads ttrough the system the glands of the groins f^iiJ^ '^".^"'^^^0=5?
Swell, a red eruption appears Upon the body, and for they are too weU known to be described.
ulcers and sores break out in the mouth and throat, \^2^»££?i&*a3g22?
the hair and eye-brows drop out and the body is and got almost past going. The disease
covered with copper-colored splotches and sores, and
the poison even works its way into the bones and lost in weight, was ma down, had sore
ini*Tit<? flTid attack*? the nerves - throat, eruptions, splotches and other evi-~"
joints ana attacKS tne nerves. _ deaces of tho z was Mytaliad
The time-worn remedies — Mercury and Potash — are shape when i began the use of s. s. s., but
stillused in the treatment of Contagious Blood Poison, £y SStSSi'Sf J£SSd xtaS\ta
but the of these drugs upon the system are courage to publicly testify to the virtues of
almost as "bad as the disease itself and the best your eaX Wood remedy, s. S. S.. and to
almost as DEC as ine disease ltseil, <&nu llie oest -recommend it to all blood-poison sufferers.
witnesses against these remedies are those who sincerely believing if it is taken accord^
have used^ them longest. Mercury only smothers g t SSS?'5iSLg7^»^^S
the poison in the system, and the disease is liable to cie of the virus, no matter how severe th«
return at any time, and that metallic taste in the OMemaybe - jamescurran.
mouth, tender gums, ulcerated 'throat,^ and other stark Hotel. Greensburg. Pa,
returning symptoms, show the poison is "still active and the patient far from a cure.
S. S. S. contains no mineral ingredients whatever, and we offer $1,000 for proof tothe
contrary. It is a simple vegetable remedy, but a sure . antidote for the virus of Contagious
' . ¦ ¦ . _^_ Blood Poison, and a certain cure for this horrible malady.
§d^l?«y^ It attacks the disease promptly, the improvement begin-
f tfj*"*l. f - n ™%. as s ? on as tlie s y stem g ets under the influence of
'¦\^^! I^W* \^^^^ e niedicine, and continues until every vestige of the
l^^i\ -.|^V|- poison is driven from the blood, and the patient is
jN*2sasd^ $ &^J3 completely and permanently restored to health.
' 1* S. S. S. is recognized everywhere as a specific for
blood poison. It has been tested in thousands of cases
and its success was established years ago. If you are suffering, from this debasing and
despicable: disease in any form, get it out of your system^ before it does any further dam-
age. We have a special book describing fully all the different stages and symptoms of
Contagious Blood Poison, which we Avill mail free. Write us all particulars of vour '
case, and medical advice ; will be furnished without, charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPLY, ATU^A W gj^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN jj
Quick'lu Cured I
MT PROMPT AND THOROUGH U
cures prove the correctness of B
my method*. They prove that my B
treatment Is absolutely scientific B
The fact that like results are ob- 5
tained by no ether physician rstab- R
lishes my claim to originality and g
dlstlnctivrness. For sixteen years I B
have been carnins my success and H
my reputation as a specialist in B
Men's Diseases. jj
My treatment may be I
. imitated^ but not I
equaled. I
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN, 1
Ia« Ltaiifig 6p etitllit H
/ am always willing to wait
for my fee until a cure
is effected.
"Weakness"
If other physicians have treated
you for so-called "weakness" you
were helped only temporarily, if
at all. end the reason is very ap-
parent when the cause of loss of
power In man is understood.
"Weakness" isn't a weakness at t
aM, but is merely a eymptom of ¦
chronic inflammation in the pros- B
tate gland. My system of local K
treatment removes this lnflamma- ¦
tlon. and ic the only treatment G
that ever has or ever can perma- "
r.'-ruly restore strength and vigor. Q
VARICOCELE— Absolutely pain- fl
lets treatment that cures com- I
pletely In one week. Investigate H
my method; It is the only thor- H
oughly sclentlflc treatment for this I ',
dlatease belnr employed. ft
CONTRACTED DISORDERS — H
Be sure your cur? is thorough. Not ¦
one of my patients has ever had a Q
relapse after being dismissed as E
cured, and I cure in less time than H
the ordinary forms of treatment re- n
quired. H
SPECIFIC BLOOD POISON— No I
rtar.rertiu* minerals to drive the B
virus to the Interior, but harmless, I
blood-cleansing remedies that re-
move the last poisonous taint.
My pamphlet," Live All Your
Years a Man," free at office or
by mail. You are at liberty to
consult me personally or to
write regarding your case.
DR. O.C. JOSLEN
Cor. Market and Kearny Sts.
Private Entrance 70S Market «U 1THE SUMMARIES.
Six furlonss, selling — Constellator. 100 (L.
RYAN IS SUMMONED
V BEFORE THE STEWARDS
Jockey Club Desires Information Con
cerning Alleged Turf Offense
at Fort Erie.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— John J. Ryan,
formerly of St. Louis, known as a heavy
turf operator, has been summoned to ap
pear before the stewards of the Jockey
Club to' be. questioned,. It is Bald, regard
ing his standing, in view of the fact that
he was ruled off by the -officials of the
Fort Erie Jockey Club for an alleged
Infraction of turf regulations five years
ago. Ryan was on hand at the appointed
hour, but a quorum of the stewards was
lacking and the matter was postponed.
Ryan had been out of the city for sev
eral days and was notified to appear when
he returned to the betting ring. He is
said to have an Interest In three books
now operating at Morris Park. Ryan de
clares he knows absolutely nothing about
The gray flier, E. M. Brattain, also
from the Johnny . Mellin stable, had. an
easy thing of it at odds of 3 to 5 In the
five and a half furlong spasm. Chandler
also booted this one, winning well In
hand from Skirmish and M. F. Tarpey.
Tho mile and fifty yards selling run with
a field of five answering roll call con
cluded the- day's sport. .
Grail was supposed to be something
from the oldest barrel In the cellar, and
Henderson astride Heather Honey spilled
it by downing the' good thing a scant
head. Willie See rode the favorite, Illo
waho. and Willie has far better talent
than he exhibited on this occasion. Jock
eys are like actors, though, and have
their off days.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Metlakatla, which went from even
money. to 7 to 5, turned up an easy win
ner of the four and a half furlong dash
for two-year-olds. Chandler had the leg
up, and taking the front position with the
filly In the run home, led Charlie Schweit
zer out four lengths. Annie Marie with
117 pounds up was a creditable third. Red
Cross Nurse ran as if short and. may do
better next time.
Away well to a straggling start, Maresa
earned' a nose decision over El Plloto for
the fourth purse. The latter sprinter was
heavily supported at evens and his down
fall Jarred some. Iva Powell took show
honors with Cambaceres.
MAItESA BY A NOSE.
Lee Jackson had the mount on Constel
lator In the first running affair, and the
Brutus gelding's odds receded from 4 to
5 to 6 to 5. This caused a panicky feel-
Ing, but the alarm was needless. Con
s tell a tor was never In difficulties and won
going away from Flamero at the close.
Little Secret finished third.
horsemanship, finishing a close third after
making his run on three different occa
sions.
Time. 2:22%. 2:23. 2:23.
Mamie Elizabeth (Maben). 3 3 3
Fortune, Lady Oypsy, Lady Madison dis
tanced.
Jackson), 6 to 6, first: Flamero, 100 (Tu'.lett).
second; Little Secret, 100 (Burllngame), SO to
1. third. Time, 1:15%. Respirator. Sherry.
Wachusett and Augie also ran.
One and a quarter miles, Los Angeles Derby,
three-year-olds— Diamante. 112 (Henderson), 3
to 5, first: Polonius, 112 (Tullett). 2 to 1. sec
ond: Iras. 107 (Hlldebrand). 5 ; to 2. third.
Time, 2:09%. Cazador and Dug Martin also
ran.
Six furlongs, selling— Maresa. 114 (W, Mad
dox). 5 to 2, first: El Plloto, 114 (Frawley),
even, ' second ; Cambaceres, 114 (L Powell), 4
to 1, third. Time, 1:14. Phyz. Christopher,
Chlleno and Miss Vera also ran.
Four and a half furlong*, selling? — Metlak
atla, 110 (Chandler), 7 to 5, first; Charles
8chwelzer, 110 (I. Powell), 6 to 1, second: An
nie Marie, 117 (Bozeman), 5 to 2, third. Time.
:55%. El Corteza, Flea, Red Cross Nurse and
Picture also ran. ¦ •
Five and a half furlongs, selling— E. M.
Brattaln. 112 (Chandler). 3 to 5, first: .Skir
mish. 112 (See), 5 to 1, second; M. P. Tarpey.
112 (L." Jackson), 25 to 1. third. Time, 1:08.
Americano,' Hercules, Loyal S and Minnie R
also ran.
Mile and fifty yards, selling— Heather Honey,
102 (Henderson). 2 tof.l, first; Grail. Ill
(Chandler). 3 to 1, second: Illowaho, 114 (See).
3 to B. third. Time, 1:44H. Dr. Shorb and
Max Bendtx also ran.
Hotel stakes, 2:30 trot, three in five, purw
$600:
Zorabowette (Becker) ...1 1 1
Babe (Phillips) 2.2 2
Continued on Page 36, Column 1.
The trro •clf-Htyled Inbor Mayors
—Mr. Lane and Mr. Schmttz— are
nlrcndy benmlrcltlnjgr encli • other
with acrimony that bod«ii 111 (or
their can«e, . Mr, Lane openly
cliarfte* corruption' under ~ Mayor
MchmlU at the City Hall. » If Mr. Lane
knew of thin before, why did he
vralt until now to expose It f (Ap
plnune.) Either Mr. Lane knew of
this and was silent or he did not
see It. - If Mr. Une had urenlt and
nan not ) amonflr the ¦ tirr.t to expone
what (or along time has been plain
to all, dare you entrant him with
Henry J K Crocker, who Is our local leader,
may not have been prominent In local politics
before, and some people may have taken a mo
ment to suspend Judgment, but they have
found in this short period of the ' campaign
that his acts, his words,- bis whole record have
already solidified sentiment . for Crocker und
the whole Republican ticket.' (Applause.) AnJ
that ticket Is not only one of the . strongest
that could be put up, but is stronger than
those of our adversaries.'
The Republican party is not on the defensive
in this campaign. We point to the Republican
national administration, we point to the lie
publican State administration, and we declare
to you that the candidates of your local ticket
will work for Republican principles and for
the general vote with the same Judgment, th«>
same patriotism that sustains your comrade at
Sacramento. George C. Pardee (applause) and
your comrade at Washington, Theodore Koose
velt. (Applause.) Patriotism Is not the prop
erty of a class. However, common gratitude
and common eense which, with patriotism, dis
tinguish our party, demand that the people of
San Francisco rally to the support of that party
which forty years ago fought and bled for frea
labor, which for forty years has extended our
markets and kept our laboring men In •luplny
ment and which for forty years Is battl:i.g for
protection of American industries. And this
city is the active perpetuator of these Republi
can policies and traditions.
Marc Anthony, one of the young Re
publican orators of this city, closed the
meeting with a forcible speech. In part
he said:
Edwin Sweeney, candidate for Police
Judge, was Introduced and appealed to
the voters to elect him to the bench. He
said he had been elected for four days
and was now ready to fill the position of
Police Judge in a manner that would be
a credit to the party and the people who
elected him. Judge Joachlmson was also
introduced and made an appeal for the
election of the entire Republican ticket.
George R. Wells, candidate for Supervi
sor, said he believed in the future of the
city and would do all he could to make
it bright if he was elected. Robert Vance.
Maurice L. Asher. L. A. Rea and Fred
Eggers, candidates for Supervisor, were
Introduced and made short speeches. Dr.
Morris, candidate for Coroner, was also
presented and told what he would do if
elected.
Hare Anthony Says Lane Is Be
smirching Schmitz.
EXCHANGE COMPLTBIENTS.
.The . race had a gross valuation of ; $750,
and af tar " Diamante, : the . Spiers'" entry,
had been excruciatingly slobbered over, by
Henderson, having been pocketed ; half ' a
gross ' of times. : the Baldwin colt was
awarded a nose decision \ over^ Polonius ¦ in
2:09%.' The finish was so" close that \ many
picked Polonius, and it certainly 'did : look
as if the latter colt's nose' showed in* front
as the wire was passed. Hilderbrand on
Ira also gave ' a slovenly/ exhibition ; of
Both Horatlus ¦ and VWarto Nicht were
absentees from the; Derby, which ¦ was
run over one and a quarter miles. Hora
tlus is in Oakland and ; Actor ; Puerl ¦Wil
kerson, who has, been "accused of running
foot races j In his little back * yard ! at pop
ular prices, : had his horse excused.'
In all one harness and six running
events , were decided. Diamante captured
tile Derby, ridden by Henderson, in a nose
finish with Poloniu8, ; starting a 3 to 5
favorite, and three other choices ¦ regis
tered first.
- The Hotel stakes for 2:30 class trotters
resulted In an awful bloomer for the un
wise talent. Lady Madison, the favorite,
threw a natural In the first heat and was
distanced, being unable to strike any sort
of a gait. Zombo wy ette, driven by George
Beckers and selling among the riff-raff
In the field, went on . and won in • threa
straight heats from Babe. ~
General A. W. Barrett and Ralph To
zier officiated in the stand and John Bron
ner attended to the scales. Ed j (Dutch)
Duke dispatched the runners and with
one exception his work was commend
able. Pffl^fffffiW!iW^l* < TOfWfflfPtf
The men with the chalk began with a
fairly liberal book in the first running
event, but later on the figures became
congested to a noticeable degree.
VICTOR IN THE DEBBY.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.— The fall meet
ing of the Los Angeles Racing Associa
tion opened at Agricultural Park this af
ternoon with a large crowd In attendance.
The old grandstand was well filled and
they lined up two deep against the out
side fence. Society came In automobiles
and tally-hos, and In all probably 5000
people saw some fair sport furnished
by a moderate bunch of horses, class be
ing entirely unrepresented..
To be sure, complimentary passes were
not as difficult to secure as Is an audi
ence with a king or an emperor, for as
a rule syndicators can afford to be liberal;
and this Is the one drawback to the meet-
Ing— the betting sphere is not a free-for
aller. In extenuation the management
pleads It is in the hole more than a dozen
thousand over the result of last winter's
fiasco, when a city ordinance closed the
park, and could not afford to throw the
ring wide open. - Could any reputable
layer have been allowed to cut in there
would have been twelve books at least
chalking prices. Instead there were five
books under the shed, a field book and a
combination book. There- was a paucity
of big coin, short money being much more
in evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Nose Finish With Pol
onius at Los An
geles Track.
DIAMANTE WINS
DERBY HONORS
I have heard It asserted here trvnight that
this is a. Republican city and that the Repub
licans have not elected a Mayor for some
years; but th* Republicans of this city are not
only going to have a good Republican Mayor
these next two years, but they are going to
have n good Republican ticket all the way
through. (Applause.)
I believe I can safely assert that I have be
yond peradventure of a dout>t the undivided
support of the entire Republican voting popula
tion of San Francisco. (Applause.) I believe
that I can assert, and I think It will be proven
true at the polls, that I shall have the support
of a great many sober-minded and thinking
Democratic friends who believe in good mulci
pal government. (Renewed applause.) I be
lieve, and I know, ladles and gentlemen, that
I will have the support of good worklngmen
without doubt (continued applause); and I will
give this city a government and an adminis
tration that shall do me proud. (Continuous
applause.) ¦'.,-¦
There are more candidates to speak, and
there are more things to be said, and I will
take no more of your time. I simply want to
give you a few figures, gentlemen, that have
been Introduced Into this campaign. Records
have been searched and figures brought forth,
and some of them no doubt are very Interest
ing. There have been figures on the census of
this city Introduced; there have been claims
made by candidates that they are entitled to
election to this office because they have a child
born in this cltj. One candidate says to him,
"•Why I have two more than you, and I am
entitled to this election." Now, gentlemen,
take these census figures, take this population
record, take the best candidate that has spoken
up to date, and I will win two for one. (Laugh
ter and applause.) . \y. • ; :
The commissioners appointed by the Mayor
of San Francisco will have the ordering of
these new clothes. They will control the ex
penditure of the money secured under the
bond issue. I pledge myself that I shall ap
polr.t men of known probity and honesty on
these commissions and men of standing among
their class. (Applause.)
As I have repeatedly asserted. I shall see
to it that the worklngmen of San Francisco
shall secure their full share of the money in
the shape of wages, and I shall also see to
It that the city gets value received for every
dollar she expends.
There are few cities in the world that are
so favorably located as is tnlB city of ours.
She ha* been most bountifully blessed ' by
nature. Situated as she Is upon her hillsides,
she should have the most perfect drainage sys
tem in the world. You have Just voted mil
lions of dollars to Improve that system. If
that money be honestly expended for these
improvements — and I pledge myself to see that
It is so expended — your sanitation will be well
nigh perfect, and you will have the healthiest
city in the world. (ApDlause.)
Our parks, our schoolhoui^s and our hos
pitals should challenge the admiration of man
kind. The people of this city have declared
In no uncertain tones that they want the best
that can be had — that our city mukt be beau
tiful and Improved In these particulars. I
promise you that If I am your Mayor I shall
take an especial pride In seeing to It that
your wishes concerning these improvements
shall be faithfully executed.
In accepting the nomination for the highest
office In the gift of this municipality I pledged
myself to support the Republican platform, and
I here unhesitatingly reiterate that pledge,
and I promise you that If elected — and I know
I shall be — I will carry out the policy laid
down la the platform. (Applause.)
San Francisco, within the last six years,
has had an awakening. Up to that tlm* we
were In a moribund condition. Her future
looked dark and forbidding. Her merchants
were despondent. Her mechanics and laborers
were unemployed and dejected. Then came
the thunder of Dewey*s guns In the Bay of
Manila, and the eyes of the universe were
directed toward this metropolis by the Golden
Gate. The world recognized the wonderful op
portunities that had come to San Francisco,
and under the fostering care of the wise tariff
and financial legislation enacted by the na
tional Republican party our progress has been
rapid and gratif ylng. Our merchants and me
chanics have taken heart knew, and only a
few days ago agreed by large majorities that
our city had outgrown her swaddling clothes
and th^t she needed an entirely new wardrobe.
Mr. Chairman, Ladles and Gentlemen: At
the very beginning let me state that I neither
pretend nor claim to be an orator. 1 am a
"plain business man" who loves my city, my
State and my country. And It is because I
lore my city, because I am proud of her past,
because I have unbounded faith In her future,
that I have consented to leaj the ticket recent
ly nominated by the Republican party, which
ticket we hava assembled here to-night to rat
ify. (Applause.)
Maxwell McNutt, candidate for Super
visor, delivered a short speech which won
him the good will of all present. Ho
spoke forcibly and well.
Chairman Knight thought the time was
ripe to present Henry J. Crocker to his
big audience and In a few words he said
he would do so. In an instant hundreds
were on their feet cheering for the candi
date for Mayor. Mr. Crocker was escort
ed to the front of the platform and when
recognlxed was cheered loudly. The en
thusiasm subsided and was renewed. Mr.
Crocker spoke as follows:
Henry J. Crocker Beceives an Ova
tion From the Gathering.
NEXT MAYOR APPEARS.
After the quartet had sung a song en
titled "Fairy Tales," the chairman Intro
duced Percy V. Long, the "candidate for
City and County Attorney. Mr. Long had
many irtends In the audience and they
yelled approval of everything he Bald.
The audience attested to his popularity
by giving him a splendid reception. In
part Mr. Long spoke as follows :
I take it that I am to take this place on the
stage this evening more for the purpose of be
tng Introduced than to make a speech; but it
occurs to me that while we are talking loudly
of the newer and greater San Francisco, which
we are seeking to make more beautiful, we
niay pause and remembtr that we owe a debt
of gratitude to the great Republican party.
Throush the policy of the Republican party
for many year* pa«t and for the last lew years
particularly. San Francisco has been enabled
to be sreatly advertised throughout the world.
LONG'S ABLE PLEA.
Candidate for City Attorney Creates
Favorable Impression. .• '*';
I «m a friend of the Native Sons, for I
have some in my own family and I want them
to succeed. I want them to buili up still
irreater this great and noble organization: but
I wast them to tie considerate of one thing.
We have in this State an organization which
is called the Promotion Committee, a com
mittee of citizens who are trying to promote
the interests of our great and glorious State.
They have epent thousands and thousands of
dollars to ad\-ertise cur climate, our resources,
our beautiful bay. our splendid valleys, our
magnlncent mountains, our woodlands and our
glens and vales to the whole world. We at
tended not lent a*o in this city the encamp
ment of the Grand Army of the Republic,
which brought 100.000 strangers to our city;
they were brought here to admire the re
sources of the Elate of Callfonil*. They
came here, they were no impressed with the
future of this State that hundreds and hun
dreds of their yount men have concluded to
come to California and make it their home.
Now, if you ten these men to come on here,
bring your energies, bring your money, bring
everything you can bring here to develop our
great Ptate. we welcome you with open arms,
but whenever you want * run for constable
look out that you are a N'ative Son (laughter);
now that 1s not fair to the Native Sons.
My frirnds. this city election is only a be
ginning of the great battlefield that awaits us
nest year. Let us do our duty here and we
will be In a fine condition to roll up such a
.wsajority next year that California will be
ranked among the first of the Republican
States, as it ought to be. There cannot be any
question about the political complexion of this
city. This Is a Republican city to the core.
We have a large Republican majority of voters
in this" city, and it Is the duty of every one.
as our chairman has told you much better than
•H am able to do, to turn out. to march to the
polls, - to speak to our neighbors, to Induce
every man to view this matter from the right
standpoint, and if we succeed in doing this we
are eure of victory. I believe that Henry J.
Crocker will be elected by a majority over
both of the other rival candidates. I honestly
and firmly believe that he will have more votes
than Mr. Lane and Mr. Schmitz together, and
be ought to have them. (Applause.)
I did not Intend to say anything for myself,
but since your chairman has been bo kind and
considerate and has mentioned my name as an
eld soldier and has referred to the early his
tory of my life. It seems to me I may be ex
cused for saying- one word on that subject.
There is one charge that Is brought against
me by the worthy gentleman who desires to
perpetuate himself In office, at least for a lit
tle while longer, and that Is a charge that I
cannot deny; but there are. some mitigating
circumstance* and I want you to consider
them. I am charged with one shortcoming,
and that !» that I am not a r.atlve eon. Now,
the mitigating circumstances in this case are
these: About the time when my friend, who
Is a native son. was struggling to get Into the
¦world. I was rtrjggllng to get out from under
a horse that was killed under me on the bat
tlefield of Gettysburg. (Applause.) And you
will ail perceive and agree with me that I was
so busy that 1 rtidn't have time to come to
California and become a native son. (Laugh
ter.)
I *ce before rr.e a sea of upturned, intelli
gent faces, and that is sufficient for me to
know that I am sddrf*?ir.g a meeting of stal
wart, good ru-publicans. I was pit-sent at the
birth of that treat party: I marched under
Its folds when its banner was carried by the
lamented Abraham Lincoln (applause): 1 fol
lowed it under the leadership of Grant, not
only to vlctoiy as & Ke'mblican, but through
this great land for the purpose of preserving
thlh grand and gloriou* temple of liberty that
has been erected for the benefit of all man
kind. (Applause.) I followed It under Gar
field, and under Blaine and under McKlnle>.
and now, my fellow- citizens, we are entering
upon the first battle of the campaign when
we will have to follow It under that great
standard bearer who uphrlds It now in the in
terest and to the credit of the Republican party
and for the benefit of all these United State:-,
Theodore Roosevelt. (Cheere.)
Chairman Knight introduced General
Salomon t-j the audience in a beautiful
speech. He told of the valor of the can
didate and of his services to the Repub
lican party. Mr. Knight grew eloquent in
his tpeech and when he presented the
general the latter was given a cordial
gre-etinp. The candidate for District At
torney spoke at length and won many
votes by his eloquence. In part he said:
Gallant Soldier Wins Golden Opinions
From His Hearers.
GEN, SALOMON'S ADDRESS.
Xt Is gratifying for me to be here this even
trt and to look over this large and intelligent
audience, and. I might say. of Republicans.
(Applause.) Th» poeltlon for which I have
been nominated Is an important one. I can
sty for myself and the ticket that, if we are
elected, we will give you no cause to regret
placing us on your ticket. (Applause.)
Harry Baehr, the Auditor, of the -city
aad county, made a hit with the gather
ing by his modest speech. He said In
part:
The Auditor !s not supposed to be a public
epeaker and I fill that part of the bill to a let
ter. We are In the midst of one of the most
Important elections that has ever taken place
In the city and county of San Francisco. The
people voted to bend this city for many mil
lions of doll&re for the improvement of public
buildings, public whoote. city and county hospi
tals, sewer 5>>tem. etc., and it behooves every
cltiten and taxpayer to be careful who the of
ficials will be to disburse this money. You
have selected as your standard bearer one of
the most prominent business men of San Fran
cisco; a man who has carried on his private
business with fuccew. ani I assure you when
he takes charge of the Mayor"* office he will
conduct the business of this municipality with
the cust care he has given his private buel
aras. (Ari'l&use.)
Johli D. McDougrald received a hearty
welcome when presented to the big gath
ering. While he was speaking the mem
bers of the Thirty-fourth Assembly Dis
trict Republican Club marched Into the
fct.ll and filled the place with their cheers
Xor Crocker and the ticket. Mr. McDou-
Caid eald:
Appearance Before Immenw Audi
ence Brings Forth Cheers.
CAOT>II>ATES SPEAK BBIEFI/Y.
(Great laughter.)
S*n Francisco Is net one link in that streat
chain which America i* «-nc!rcllns the world
with and putting herself above them ail com
mercially? The Kcpubllcaus of San Fran
cisco should take a stand behlnU Henry J.
Crocker as Itoej are poire to stand bthind him.
It la the only way. How could a iness&ee of
cratitude hive been sent to William McKIn
ley for what San FYancisco owed him had It
not been f«.>r the Republican party. I respect
the candidate of the L'nlon Labor party. He
made a creditable administration. N'o one
would he&r> abuse upon him. He la not de
•ervinjr of it. But where does he staad when
It comes to those treat bit matter* that per
tain to San Francisco? We are something;
more than a little village here. And where
does he stand when It comes to these treat
matters which help to shape the destiny of
the nation and of the world. Nobody has
•rer been able to find out yet. For a while,
he said, at the b&r.Quet of the Union League
Club, that rationally and that on the great
hlth planes he was a Republican. He also
proclaims himself to be an adherent of the
principles of the Union Uibnr party. Kot
ions" &ft> he took a flytnt trip East and c*n
vaesed a part of New York for a Democratic
rcmlnee for Conjrress. And at the very same
time he was hoping: that lightning might strike
from ih« clouds of Republican hopes and that
he woulA still be the standard-bearer of both
the Republican and the Union Labor party.
A. little child sat on his father's knee and said:
How bit Is Mayor Bchmitz, pa, that people
call him treat?
la be like old GolUth, tall, his epear a hundred
welrfc*-?
Is he so tait that he can stand, like soma great
•teepl* h'.ch.
Aa& while his feet are on the {round his hands
eta touch the sky?
Ko^ no, tay son, as larte as I or Uncle Paul:
Tl# not fcls stature makes him treat, it's the
greatness of his tall.
Continued From Page 33, Column 7.
and the policy of that party and the acts of
Us administration have been productive of
great prosperity to this city. The Republican
party has always advocated and Insisted upon
measures that would produce practical results
and redound to the honor and upbuilding of the
people.
It seema to me that the ticket headed by
Henry J. Crocker, that tried and tru« San
Franciscan, that native son who believes In
the future of hia city, who Is willing: to sacrifice
his individual business interests and *lve up
his time to the betterment of this city and make
It attractive to those who visit our city. Is the
right man to elect. As for myself <a voice, "Oh,
you are all rlehf). I elmply want to aay that
If I am elected to the office to which I have
been nominated I shall «lmply do a* I have In
the past — try to do my duty without fear and
without favor. (Applause.)
the "ringrins:" case In connection with
which he was ruled off at Fort Erie and
that he refused at that time to go be
yond Buffalo to defend himself. For that
reason he says action was taken against
him. He Is cuoted as saying ho will not
submit quietly to any measures barring
him from the bettlns ling: because th»
Jockey Club stands committed to th© at
titude of Ignorance that betting on thd
races exists.
THOUSANDS CHEER
HENRY J. CROCKER
THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY^ OCTOBER 31, . 1903.
35
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jBjSr mSSIT »?S^^fj85Kj33BB^aBii^^ffS^8BB^MBK'^™^*^ ** • » v^
tSlHBbI^^^ A Message to Hen Who Want Strength : Jr^!
fflw"' r "''lBl^fe^^^jBlH * have perfected a new Belt, better and stronger than I have ever made before, a Belt which will transform ;|/>vj£?
Mulfrfii fffllllll e wea^ cst » puniest specimen of "half man" into a perfect cyclone of strength, and I want every weak man to nse fj TT |\
it: - * want a test czse - Therefore I offer $1000 in gold to any weak man who will use this Belt under my direction }ULn/£
*V j^^^^^V^t^H^SI^B * or * our montns an d then show by examination of any reputable physician that he is not cured, sound and well. \£
J#tYrrt1V$\ H^^^K^^@^^Ms This is especially directed to men who have doctored for years without benefit. I want men with Rheuma- J^
\ I N J^w^^^^^MBB tism ' Pains m the Back ' Weak Kidnevs ' Sciatica, Lumbago, Varicocele, Prostatic Trouble (I cure this by a new V, hrtW
-\ j_| ?J |«K^r^|^^^ffl|S method), Locomotor Ataxia, Torpid Liver, Indigestion and Dyspepsia. All of these troubles in chronic form I . I.
<l V^' ¦P^^^ f^fe^i|^« can cure t * 1 * s new e^» even a * ter a^ otner treatments have failed. To every weak, debilitated man who wears i^UjyJ
jft SBraaHHsl Free Electric Suspensory for Weak Men. uMp
% J^^^^^^^^S^ This suspensory is made for the purpose of treating all special ailments of men, and assures a cure of all
Wtrrf(l\ waste of strength, early decay and debility. Its current is invigorating and of wonderful power. f\ jfc
- jlll VITAL WEAKNESS SCIATICA AND LUMBAGO GENERAL DEBILITY Iffl
4 k . -^^LS^raiss^^i^w^- tt^s^&^*^ rt ?Tj^«^^TV^- &F%
'//K^~A$* fid« / O r £hat ™i™ treatment ha B done for me. Very re- Tour Belt has ;ured me. and I will b* slad to recommend It. until now. when I am practically cured. Ifawgrttully ,^T-
* iTlTl W e^ctfully youra. ABRAHAM SPADY. Tours very truly. AUGUST FRANK. yours, DR. G. W. 8TEPHBN8ON. V>
_ Hi jf y OU C an call, come and see me, and I will show you my new Belt and prove to you. that it is a wonderful device. You • %k^^
MJ^H^I can feel the glowing current of life that flows into the weakened nerves. I will show you letters from your own neighbors telling how f Iff
£§T \f i cured them. I have over 50,000 testimonials in the past 21 years. . •.
yjforrfnZy If you can't call, write, and I will send you a book describing my new method, 1 with letters from many gratefu** fmen and *$^S^'
\ ' women. If you write, send this ad. and I will send the book sealed, free. Cut the ad. out and act to-day. - £?
O DR. M. C. MCLAUGHLIN, 906 Market Street irf
\ TTfrr above ellis, san francisco. {ml
NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES OR OFFICE HOURS: 8 a. m. to 8. p. m. \^'^^^W%
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"KAHT' ' I To INTRODUCE
_V H M § f\S M\ (Registered) H perior In many ways
—n— — wwiwiiui jjujuiiiw num *° tbe be 1 * heretofore
UNDERWEAR Cr"
! . *'3— $5 00 the Suit
Our LXNURET U a hygienic UNEN, preferred and commanded
because it is ai» form-fitticf, rightly sad durable. Ask about IL
¦ . fV ..-¦ • • • " -• •:.:••:•' - ¦- - ¦
..Ladle*' Knitted,- ..,-..,
VESTS and JACKETS f £&f^|>» jjU
— $1.75 iy fUw
Delightful ' to th* " . ¦— ' , tq . ' '._ " . ' ' " If
MrmWf^tyy: 60 QEARY STREET 1
OPEN SATURDAYS till JfeOO P.M. san Francisco J
APVERTISETVTENTS.
benefits to health and condi- I
tion of a perfect whiskey*
Marqtiette\ Whiskey has been. en*
dorsed by physicians and by con-
noisseurs as the purest product of
the still* It is recognized every-
where as the whiskey for the club
W,J. KEARNEY^ Representative* f
400 Battery St, San Frandsco.
Telephone Main 53^ |
<»OJEIES'& ULLRICH, Distillers,
_ ' Chicago, III . i|
Mar«2J\ietteThe Union Men's Lane Club wa« or
ganized last night at the Turk-street
"Temple. The ¦ attendance was not » r very
large, only twenty being present, "¦¦. but
what the meeting lacked in numbers was
more than made up for by, the display
of antl-Schmitz feeling. Though It i was.
In the language of one of the members of
the club, a "low-down" meeting, held for,
the purpose of showing that there 'were
at least a few union men who, would* not
support Schmitz; Franklin K.' Lane, the
Democratic nominee for Mayor, knew of
It i and was present.' . He made' a short
speech, in which be said that <hls chances
of election .were very, bright. I'."
Lane was ' applauded .\1f orously, and
when be 'left the hall the club resolved
Itself Into a committee of the* whole and
adopted a- resolution denouncing Schmitx
and bis administration and , Abe : Ruef.
DENOUNCE MAYOE SCHMITZ.
WILL ORGANIZE CLUBS.
An enthusiastic mass meeting was held
at 719 Market street last" night by. the
voters of the Mission and stfuth of Mar
ket street districts for the purpose of
planning extensive organization of Crock
er Republican clubs. Horace Jackson,
Republican ¦ commltteeman from the
Twenty-ninth District, was elected tem
porary chairman and H. II. James was
chosen temporary president.
Representatives from fifteen districts
were present. Speeches were made by
several well known Republicans of the
various districts and plans; for extensive
organization were perfected. It Is the
.intention of the leaders In this new move
ment to organize strongly in the Mis
sion and south of Market street districts
and thus lend. Crocker as much support
as possible. The clubs In each district
will be known as "Crocker clubs," and
each. will have its recular officers.
After the meeting those present marched
In " a body to the Republican rally at ' the
Alhambra Theater. Another meeting has
been called for ! next' Tuesday evening at
the same hall. It Is expected at that
time. that the clubs will -have been regu
larly established and preparations will
then be made to get Into the fight In
earnest * : i~'~
Mrs. W. H. Parks of Marysvllls and
her daughter. Miss Emily K. Parks, are
spending the winter in San Francisco and
are stopping at the Colonial.
a tour of a number of the mountain re
sorts before returning home.
SABBATH DAY SESVICZS
AT SITFERENT CHURCHES*
Home Parties.
Last Saturday evening the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Allan McKlnnon was the scene
of a farewell reception /to* Mr. and Mrs.
John McLean' and their granddaughter,"
Miss Florar Feretison, ere tnelr departure
for their, home in New Zealand on the
steamer Ventura, thus . completing their
trip around the world. It was char
acteristic Highland farewell, Interspersed
with Scotch music, Highland 'fling and
Gaelic songs, followed by a bountiful sup
per. The McLeans while in this city were
guests . of Mr. and - Mrs. Ferguson,- 215
Andover avenue. Among those present
were Mr. and Mrs. John McLean and Miss
Flora Ferguson, Mr. and Mrs. Allan Mc-
Klnnon, Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Ferguson,
Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Ferguson, Mr. and
Mrs. John - McNeil. Mr. and • Mrs. John
McKlnnon, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph McDon
ald, Angus . Ferguson, Calvin McKlnnon,
Miss Jessie McKlnnon. Miss Marlon Mc-
Klnnon, Miss Rachel Ferguson and Miss
Christy Ferguson.
A pleasant birthday party was tendered
to Miss Maude Woodmansee in her Fruit
vale home Saturday evening, September 6.
The evening was pleasantly spent In lis
tening to vocal and Instrumental selec
tions. Among those present were: Miss
Adel Hunt. Miss Ceclle Chlldps. Miss
Grace Grimes. Miss Ella Ward, Miss Elsie
Harwood, Miss Georgia Gunther, Ethel
Gunther, Nadlne Hilton." May Bouve of
Fruitvale, Miss lone Bright, Miss Phoebe
Coyle and Ella, D. Cortway of San Fran
cisco, Phil Grosse, Otto Herbsr, George
Kratesker. Harold Hilton, Sidney Hunt,
Ernest Hunt, Norman Manning, Charley
Woodmansee. ' Frank Wooamanpee, Neal
Fredrlekson of ' Fruitvale, G. KUnk and
Mrs. Woodmansee of San Francisco, D.
Gregory v Conway antl Clinton I. Baxter
'of Fresno.
A pleasant birthday party was given to
Agnes Darcy by her 'little friends at her
home # 22 Hoffman avenue. Among those
present were: Agnes Darcy, , Pauline
Clew," Emma Kline, Bessie Burns,' Lizzie
Teehan, Alice Osgood, Maggie Kennedy,
Mamie Cotter, Violet Galloway. Ella Rose,
Bessie Darcy, Master Bert McCoy, Arthur,
Eugene and Russell Clew; "Joseph Burns,
Joseph and James Darcy.
A. surprise party was given to Owen
Smith, at the home of Mrs. C. Spencer.
123 Silver street, between Third and
Fourth,, on Monday last. Among the
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. McGinn, Mr.
and Mrs. . Barry and daughter, Mr. and
Mrs. Snider. Mr. and Mrs. Dennlsoh, Mr.
and Mrs. Somerfield, Mr.. and Mrs. Hass,
-Mr.- and Mrs. Maloney,,Mri Burnam, Mrs.
Boudaw, Mrs. Sanders, Mr. Sanders, Miss
Ida Barry, Arnold Hass, Mr. and Mrs.
Conroy, Mr. Snider, Samuel Nelson.
'On Saturday evening,' the 3d lnst.; Mr.
and Mrs. F.E. Trimble, entertained about
thirty-five of their, fiends, It being the
fifteenth anniversary: of .their '_ marriage.
The evening ¦ was , spent In i dancing j and
games. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. 'Nichols. Mr. and. Mrs. H. _B.
O'Toole, Mr. and Mrs.' George Berger, Mr.
and Mrs. O. M. Katz,' Mr. and Mrs.' Wil
liam 1 Emmoins,-: Mr.\- and :;Mrs."- J^ D.
O'Leary,. Mrs.^Shields, Mrs. L. , Cronln.
Mrs. V'Swanson,',' Miss > Swanson," Miss
O'Toole., Miss .< Josephine :. Hanley.V Miss
Gertrude O'Toole, Miss * L. ¦ Baldwlg.iJ.
Fulreiv H.V Shields, . J. i Fertardo," T. Fer
tardo, S. Cohn, H. Cronln, H. Walsh,
Master Omer Trimble. : ' ,
:.- - Mr. and Mrs. ' Martini gave a ; dinner on
Sunday, the 4th Inst., In honor, of the
leading members of the Italian opera
company playing at the Tlvoll.
Las Lomas Parlor No: 73, N. D; G. W.,
will give a barn party at Findlay's Hall.
on : Seventeenth "street, near Valencia, on
;.Wednesday ; : evening, October 14, v for the
benent'of their sick. fund. ':-; -."•' •
Personals.
i» Mr.'-.. anSJL Mrs. - J.- Goodman • are - at the
Palace, having returned from their honey
moon trip to Los Angeles. Mrs.' Goodman
was ? Mrs. ; Rose : Loewenberg ? O f Portland,
Or.f^where' she was ' recognized ' as ' one \6t
the' finest 'contralto singers in the 'North,
.west. . »¦„' ";.-,-.- ¦..'..,-...-. '-. ,
f ' On" the ' occasion * of the eighth anni ver-'
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Brown and son of
, Mr. and Mrs.* Julius Joseph of 1025 Sev
enth avenue, East Oakland, will be at
home Wednesday, October 14, afternoon
and evening, and will be pleased to see
their friends.
Miss Mary Patton, who for many years
was head nurse at the City and County
Hospital, has been traveling In Europe,
Inspecting the. leading. hospitals in the old
countries. She is extravagant in her
praises of the hospitals in Paris, where
she finds the most completely equipped
private hospital on the continent. With
the knowledge there gained, Miss Patton
will return to San Francisco fortified to
resume the practice of her profession.
Dr. and Mrs. Robinson are now in Ba
kersfleld. Mr& Robinson has been In San
Francisco visiting her mother, Mrs. E. N.
Sylver. Dr. Robinson has been 111 since
his return and leaves In a few days for
the mountains.
sary.of their marriage, Mr.' and Mrs. Eu
gene A. Beauce entertained a number of
friends at their home last Tuesday even-
Ing. .
Misses , Eleanor and Aggie Gore van left
for a visit for a f«w weeks "In the north
ern part of the State. They will make
Major and Mrs. Lewis Smith, 17. 8. A.,
accompanied by their charming niece,
Frances M. Fuller, whom they will bring
out this winter, have gone to visit the
major's relatives in Washington.
Mr. and Mrs. V. Franz are jpending a
few weeks in the southern part of the
State.
Mrs. Marjory J. Qulnn and son, Charles
J. Jr., who have recently returned from
an extended trip to Honolulu and the
Orient, have gone to visit Mrs. Quinn's
father at bis beautiful country home In
Hay wards, accompanied by Miss Lou E.
Bergez.
Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Bailey of 641 Guer
rero street are in Salinas, the guests of
Dr. Canslll.
Irwin Belcher, secretary of the Seattle
Abstract and Loan Company, Is on his
wedding trip to this city.
Dr. and Mrs. Arthur H. Wallace have
left the Hotel Cecil and gone to house
keeping at 1927 Broadway. - ¦}'. ..¦¦. •
Mrs. M. H. Jacobs is in. the city and
stopping at 1774 Sutter street.
Mrs. Sheffield of Santa Barbara has
been the guest of honor of many social
functions this season, luncheons, theater
parties and dinners making her visit a
most pleasant one.
Los Angeles have returned from their Eu
ropean tour and are visiting Mr. and Mrs.
I. Lowcnberg, 1950 California street.
Rev. Father Mahony will preach this
morning at 10:30 o'clock In St. Ignatius
Church. Rev. Father Woods wtll preach
at vespers.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. Dr. H.
H. Bell.. D. D.. will give the third In his
serle3 of addresses before the Young
Men's Christian Association for men only.
Dr. Boll's subject will be "A Wealthy
Man Wfco Lost His Religion." The Rob
son orchestra will furnish music.
Second Unitarian— Morning. "The Creed
of John Ruskln." Pastor. Rev. Jay Wil
liam Hudson.
Trinity Episcopal— Evening. "The Prac
tical Side of Christianity," by Rev. D.
Charles Gardener.
First Unitarian— Morning. "The Great
Calm." Pastor, Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
First United Presbyterian— Morning, "A
Blessed Promise"; evening, "The Dignities
and Problems of Labor." Pastor, Rev. H.
H. Bell.
First English Lutheran— Mornlas, "A.
Prophet Like Unto Moses"; evenlnr.
"Fault Finding." Pastor, Rev. E. Ne
lander.
First Church of Christ, Scientist—Morn
ing. "Doctrine of Atonement"; the BIMa
and science and health, with key to tbe
Scriptures.
First Congregational— Morning'. "Exhor
tation to a Pura Life"; evening. "The
Questions Christians Ara Discussing."
Pastor. Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational— Morning. "Old
Paths and New Messengers"; evening*
"Tents on the Mountain; or. Luminous
Hours." Pastor, Rev. William Itader.
Plymouth Congregational— Morning, "la
the Things of My Father: or. The Glo
rious Completeness of Christian Service":
evening, "What Is That In Thy Hand?* #
Pastor, Rev. I. C. Meserve.
Services at the churches to-day win btt
as follows:
Evening at the First English
Lutheran Church.
B«r. E. Nelander Will Preach This
Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75 of the Improved
Order of Red Men has appointed Thomas
Roche. JI. J. Magulre, H. Dllpes, E.
Richard*. Robert Moody. H. Zltch. H.
Wehr. g! Hale. L. P. Ouedet. O. Dalln.
C. E. Johnson and H. Tanner a com
mittee to arrange for a select masquerade
ball to be given In Native Sons* Hall next
Saturday evening. The grand march will
be started at 9 o'clock. Thia Is one of
tho largest and most influential tribes of
the reservation of California. It has In
vited all the great chiefs of the order and
those of the Degree of Pocahontas to^at
tend the function.
Bed Men's Masquerade.
Pacific Parlor. Native Sons of the Ooli
en W>st. at a meeting last Friday night
appointed a committee of seven, with E.
J. Ljrnch as chairman, to consider an4
report on the advisability of getting ut
a grand open air tournament, athletic
and possibly military, in aid of the board
or relief of the Native Sons, which at
thU tlw*» In In need of funds because of
the unusually larse draft ttat Urn* b«ep
made upon it of ute.
Open Air Tournament.
SCHHITZ IS DENOUNCED.
Uaica Labor Central Club Adopts
Scathing Besolutions.
The L'nloa Labor Central Club met last
3 .ght. and in accordance with a policy
loicshadov. •,-d at a previous meeting 1 of
tie organization adopted the following
tlaicnient of reasons why the so-called
IJoloa Labor ticket headed by Eugene E.
£cbaHX should not be supported by the
\oleis:
The I'nii-n Labor Party Central Club. In de
l.t-u:Kii.K liUE-ne K. Schmlti as an enemy of
Lbc L"i..wii La-lior i»irty. did not act without
tije ui'i-reciavtou ci the gravity of the churse
fc&4 ta« Unssortattca Df the step taken. That
ti.u ytrty la greater than the man. and that
iw jiuuie ot me party ehould be oi. more la»
parlance than the tuiure cf one of Us crea
lui>-:-. »hou:<i *x ..; ; ar..-:;l to all. But, lest s»«
Ufl . i: ;«bur u.tn ai.J friends of the Union La-
L»..- (tarty, nut ij. ;:.k acquainted with the facts
ul :i.-> i-ire, should inisunJerstanJ our action In
lie in.it.vu, we will review the history of the
I !;i<-'] Labor | arty and the administration c*
J;i-K«i)" J-;. r'ehir.itz, which has been tried and
K-iisd wanting. -
in I'.'vl a t-onventirm of Union Labor men
w.-t. «-a!"t-vl to select candidates for the munjei
j ..! <if:ic. 2 or this city. The primary elections
had jut-t be^n held and at .them the Republican
I'rrrrwiy LeaCML of which Abraham Ruef was
the •¦> ;;;. .;.<.] boss and- Eugene E. Schmitz
tiiii <»« Its directors, had jugt been defeated and
thereto* saw r.o thance of obtaining any
ti»ii!s fT'.ni the Republican party. They there
fore, with <;ne John Shakespeare Parry and
ether rci^-ridf Republican Primary Leacuers.
encercu •nu> a conspiracy to capture the Union
Labor i-uiivention. In pursuance with this plan
John Shakef i-eare Parry was sent to the Union
Labor eucvcultoti ostensibly as a delegate from
a labor orjraiv.zatiuii. After the election of a
temporary cltainr&n the credentials of John
bsaJbttMBN Parry were questioned on the
n- or. iiut the temporary chairman, against the
protests of &. large number of genuine labor
union men. made the eald John Shakespeare
Parry i"..a.rir.a:i of the committee on credcu
titls and as *uch he reported all credentials to
be correct. Including his own. of course.
A ticket was nominated. Eugene E. Schmitz
being the* successful candidate for Mayor, and
the n •n.lx-rs of the Primary League, who had
I •<-•¦!» bo active In the ncminatisa of this man
Kugene E. Schmitz, could not even sign the
peution to place the Union Labor party and its
candidates upon the official ballot.
The Union Labor party and Eugene E.
Schmitx es Its candld&te for Mayor would have
be«n impossibilities If all voters, like he and
his Primary League followers, had vcted at the
primaries.
The word had gone forth before the prima
ries atkir-g all Union Labor men to refrain
from veffing at the primaries, bo that they
might J>e eligible to sign the petition by which
the Union Labor party and Its candidates could
have a place upon the ballot, but Eugene E.
Bcbmitz and his following of renegade Repub
licans, under the leaderefalp of Abraham Ruef
after having first taken caances with the Re^
publican party and lost, then . proceeded by
trickery and treachery to steal from honest
union labor men the results of their efforts.
Immediately after his election Eugene E.
Echmltx surrendered his public trust and turned
over to Abraham Ruef the office of Mayor, as
the following letter, which Abraham Ruef
raused to be published In all the dally papers
will show, the r&ltMul Republicans referred
to In It. being his renegade Primary League
followers, who, after proving traitors to the
Republican party, became wolves In sheep's
clothing among the Labcr Union- party:
"Mr. A. Ruef. Attorney at Law, 002 Ca'.ifor
nU. Street. City— My Dear Raef: Now that
th« election is over and I am to be Mayor o?
our ruitlve city. I wish to express to you and
through you to all your loyal friends and faith
ful Republicans who supported my cause my
profound appreciation of the generous, whole
souled, substantial and effective support ac
corded me in the exciting campaign which has
JuEt closed. Viewed from your prominent posi
tion In the Republican party,- I know the se
riousness of the step you took when you volun
tarily and unconditionally offered me your val
uable aid, and I cannot In words properly give
utterance to my deep feeling In this regard. I
can only eay that your . action Is worthy of
yourself, and that no higher praise can be ac
corded you.
"I have now for fifteen years enjoyed your
ac<jua!ntanee_ja«a friendship and yonr services
es my attorney In many capacities, and I say
without hesitation or flattery that I have yet
to find a more honorable, a more loyal, a more
able atterney or a truer friend.
"I feel that I owe a great deal of my buc
ee?s la this campaign to yon and your friends,
and I Fhall not permit myself at any time to
forget It.
•Though you fcave never asked or even sug
gested it. I shall, with the utmost confidence
and with a sentiment of absolute jecurtty. feel
myee'.f privileged at a!l times to consider you
a» my friendly counselor and to call upon you
whenever I may require assistance In the so
lution of any of the perplexing and complicated
questions which mu« necessarily arise In the
conduct of so vast and Important an office"
"I tru«t you will not hesltat* to say that I
may do eo. AraJn and again thanking you and
your friends, I am very sincerely yours :
"E. .E. SCHMITZ."
These men were meeting In confidence dally
therefore wfcj the necessity for this letter?
For what object wu it written? Why riven
rach wide publication in the dally press? ir
tfre answer U not apparent the result' at* this
date is pUiln. Abraham Ruef at the time Eu
rene D. Bchmits was elected to the of nee of
Mayor occupied two rfflee rooms; at this dale
he;occupip» practically the entire floor of a
larr« butlfllns.cn Kearny street. HI* court
practice has not » perceptibly Increased. T»
what then i* due the large increase of hia
bns1n*«*'? Was It the effect of this letter that
rtMrt-i nurtt a nui of. men who were «-on-
Auexlnte FaJoon* to engage Abraham Ruef a«
their attorney to obtain a license?. Was it th!»
letter wfclrti eauaed. the. police. ;of fleers who
were accused] . of receiving tnooey from fallen
Tromrn tn engar* Abraham Kuef as their at
tomey? Was it the effect of thin letter which
•>«it the «lot ma chin* men to'Ahrafciuri Uuef ?
TV«s !t through the Influence of this letter that
money could be rs!s:3 for ate ml the primary
¦ till creator rrfcj»on»UiiIi tie* • The
Mnjor, the nriv Mayor, will lmve
i« ii fold opportnnltleii to nwIimIIc the
people. Mr. CroeUer in the man
vrfco will prevent the cltj- l»eli»K
swindled. If you wiuil mediocrlty
nnd iurompctenry ro to Lane* If
;oo <ivnnt corruption iro to Scltniitz.
if you prefer clean and honent hot
eminent, mnnd by the party. tAl»
p!aa*e.>
The meeting cicsed with cheers for the
iirket.
Continued From Page 35, Column 2.
elections Just paused? Did this magic letter
prove mint enough to raise a campaign fund
of ?r>O.O«x> for this election, or are thtse electric
K'.sns. these banners, cards and newspaper arti
cles being paid for by his fellow nominees, who
are taming on an average $3 per day?
Fellow voters, this letter to Abraham Ruef
came from a man who is telling nlshtly that
no fault can be found with his administration.
And y»t. r.lar. we have more to follow; our
history so far hag not reached his administra
tion, nor his determined efforts to cripple and
destroy the Union Labor party and build up
the Ab« Kuef Primary League. In his letter
he thanked -the Primary Leaguers, bnt had no
time nor inclination to write one word of
thanks or appreciation of the efforts and hard
work of his honest union labor supporters. They
must have been too small to notice.
UNION MEN HEAR SCHMITZ.
I The Labor Union candidate for Mayor,
Eugene E. Schmitz, addressed the voters
of the Twenty-ninth Assembly District
last nicht in Alex Greggalns* hall on i
Sixth street, near Folsom. |
He arrived late and was accorded a '
j warm reception. His speech was not one
I to arotise any special amount of entluisl
; asm t and was almost entirely devoted to
attacking "his opponents and the parties
they represent.
He opened his remarks by attacking the
press, stating that it would probably an
nounce in the morning papers that "only '¦
i a hanuful of people were rrt the hall and i
! that those were mostly boys."
He said In part: '
I tddrws you as fellow union men. because
; I am still a union man, as I belong to the
: union the same now aa before I was elected
I Mayor. We have not tfce prens with us. We
have no public organ. Our only way to rain '
victory Is. for up to appeal direct to the people. :
.he recommendation we have to put forward -
| Is the record of the work of the representa
tives of the labor union during the past two j
yeais they hare held office. ........ •
Ovt opponents have used the combined ef- '
forts of capitalists to plare in power a man i
wfcesi they can use in their own behalf when i
they have need to further their ends. •
This Is not a question of the. election of any
individual; it Is a question of principle. This I
principle Rieans to the workingman peace and '
prc-sperity. In the times of strikes the wage- j
earner mutt have the same Justice as the em- I
ployer. I do not want to throw mud at the •
opposition, but when one of them states in his \
speech that It is necessary for the Republican j
party to succeed to save the city and maintain
tba chsrter. I wonder If he thought the charter
would be stolen and carried over to the Philip
pines.
At the election two years ago the ware-earn
ers began to realize that they had been voting
for the wronr party, and they determined to
have a :*rty of their own. They wanted to
save the city from the Phelan-Gavin-McNab
combination and they did it.
This '.n rot a fight between Democrats and
the Labor party, for the Labor party repre- ;
Rents nine-tenths of the Democratic party. The ;
Labor party is a new democracy, built on
broader views.
My views are to bring capital and labor to
gether and to look alter the rights of both.
Give me a backing and give me a friendly
Board of Supervisors to back me. Then I
shall be able to carry out plans to help and
benefit our party.
Then, the band played "He's a Jolly
Good Fellow." in the midst of which the
Mayor left the hall. i
Thomas P. Finn was chairman of the j
meeting. On the platform were J. J. Con- I
nolly. Harry A. Knox. Frank Jewell, M. I
W. Coffey. Powel Fredrick and several j
other candidates for office, who made
short speeches while awaiting the arrival
of the speaker of the evening.
POLITICAL MEETINGS.
Club Parties.
The Pacific Coast Woman's Press Asso
ciation will hold its thirteenth annual
meeting to-morrow at Century Hall. The
election ' of officers will take place at 10
o'clock. At 3 p. m. a reception to mem
bers and guests will take place. The fol
lowing programme will be rendered:
Song, selected, Madame Guido Spitzy;
reading, "Theater Party," from "Mrs.
Wiggs of ..the Cabbage Patch," Miss
Blanche Vilas; song, "Aye Felipe," words
by Miss Ina Coolbrith, musl<S by Mr. Ed t
ward Strickland, Miss Louise Grosseti
reading, selected. Miss Laurena Elizabeth
Hoag; solo, Mlss'Arristeine Schultz; lec
ture, "Coronation Day," Mr. Jack Lon
don.-
The fiftieth anniversary ball of Templar
Lodge, I. O. O. F., will take place on
Thursday evening, October 22, at Stein
way Hall.
The pupils of Mrs. Abble Carrington
gave a concert at Stelnway Hall on Fri
day last.
. • • • .
The third annual ball of the Deutscher
Club will take place at Golden Gate Hall
Saturday, October 24.
The Country Club heldMts October meet-
Ing. at Mrs. William Snyder's home, at
Nlles, on Tuesday afternoon. German
literature was the subject before the club,
and many members responded ably. Mrs.
Crafts kindly favored the club with a
piano solo, current events were discussed
by Mrs. Wamsley and Miss , B. Jullian
rendered a piano solo, which was much
appreciated. The club shows every sign
of healthy activity.
The El- Alma Cotillon gave its initial
dance at Cotillon Hall last Friday, even
ing. The cotillon was led by George Far
rell; assisted by Miss Frye and Miss
Upton.
Engagements.
Mr. and Mrs; G. Sena announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Jennie,' to
Loui3 Lesser. They will receive their
friends en Sunday; October 25, from 2 to
5 o'clock, at their residence, C82 McAllister
street.
• ¦. • •.;•
Tho engagement has Juet been an
nounced of. Miss Lucile V. Breslauer,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Bres
lauer, to Charles C. Cohen of this city.
The bride-tc-be is a stunning looking girl
of the demi-blonde type and is a univer
sal favorjte. She is a niece of the well
known club man, Teddy Morris. Tho pros
pective groom is the eldest eon of Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred E. Cohen of Seattle. He
is with the firm of Roos Bros. He 13 also
a member of several prominent societies.
The young couple will receive their
friends Sunday, October IS, from 2 to 5
p. m.. at 2113 Bush street. The date for
the wedding has not yet been set..
Weddings.
MIes Minnie Besby, daughter of Mr. and
Mr3. Milton Besby, and A. William Grant
were married last Tuesday at high noon
at the home of the bride's parents, 337
Grove street.- The house was charmingly
decorated . with white chrysanthemums,
white b^sronlas, ferns and smilax. In the
bay-window of the front parlor was sus
pended a large floral bell made of white
chrysanthemums entwined with smilax.
A hedge of flowers composed of ferns and
white chrysanthemums formed an artistic
background. The bridal party entered
the parlor to the music of the wedding
march from "Lohengrin." played by Mrs.
M. Murray. The bride entered leaning on
the arm of her father and was received
by the bridegroom under the floral bell,
where the ceremony was performed by
Father Ramm. The maid of honor was
Miss Nellie Besby. a sister of the bride,
and the bridesmaids \vere_ MJss Clotilde
Besby and Miss Margie Burke. The bri
dal gown was a creation of white net
over cream taffeta, trimmed with Valen
ciennes applique and panne velvet. ' The
only ornament worn was a sunburst, the
gift from the groom. "She carried a bou
quet of white roses, tied with white ma
line. The maid of honor was attired in
a white orcandie. trimmed with . cluny
lace, while the bridesmaids wore pink and
white. The groom was attended by
Charles Felix Butte as best man. An
elaborate wedding breakfast was served,
after which the newly married couple, re
ceived the congratulations of their
friends. The young couple left for the
south on the evening train: upon their re
turn from their honeymoon trip they will
reside at 341 Grove street. Among those
present were: ,. -. . .
Mr., and Mrs. M. Besby, Mr., and Mrs.
J. S. Burke, Mr! arid Mrs. Cutran, Mr.
and Mrs. Lee, Mr. and Mrs. Murray, Mr.
and Mrs. 'Keller, Mr. and Mrs. Rockstroh,
Mr. and Mrs. Schapter, -Mr. and Mrs.
Sevler, Mr. and Mr^.' Wilson, Mrs. Burke,
Mrs. Frazer, Mrs. Machefert, the Misses
N. Besby, C. Besby,' M. Burke. Margie
Burke. E. Schapter, F. Murphy, M. Mur
phy; the Messrs. J. Besby. W. Besby, E.
Besby, A. Besby, Bowman, Buckley, Don
egan, Herron, Horton, Mosley, MacPher
son. Schapter, Segurson, Vane and Wad
man, j ' -.
? •' • »
A very pleasing wedding took place at
Bodega, Sonoma County, on Wednesday,
October 7. The contracting parties were
Howard C. McCaughey and Miss Elsie
M. Tibbitts.tboth of whom are very popu
lar In Sonoma. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. T. M. Boyd of San Fran
cisco. The Presbyterian Church , was
beautifully- decorated for the occasion."
The bride's sister. Miss Mabel Tjbbltts,
acted as bridesmaid, and the groom's
brother, J. W. McCaughey of San Fran-,
Cisco,, as best man. The bride was. given
away ty her father, G. B. Tibbitts of
Bodega. Mrs. W. N. Cunningham of
Bloomfleld presided at the organ. Robert
T. Kee of Bodega and Thomas W. Han
nah of Santa Rosa acted as ushers. .After
the ceremony at the church the guests
retired to the home of the .blrde's parents,
where a sumptuous repast was Berved.
The bride wore white mohair over white
taffeta and carried white- roses. =The
young people were the recipients of many
valuable gifts. Following Is a partial list
of the guests: From Santa Rosa— Mrs. O.
V. Smith and daughters. Mines. G. E.
Williams and C. Ashley: Petaluma— Mr.
and Mrs. Gale, | Misses Mabel L. Hayes
and Angle Tibbitts; Valley Ford— Mr. and
Mrs. E. A. Norton; Bodega— Mr. and Mrs.
G. R. Roe, Mr. and Mrs. T. McCready,
Mr. and Mrs. G. . B. Tlbbltts, | Mmes. J.
McCaughey. W. H. Stump and R. H.
Cunningham, Messrs. Henry. Finley, A.
Li. Tcmassl; J. 11. Gallagher, J James
McCaughey and T. Keefe; Misses Mattie
Roe, Lulu Head.' Clara Kelthley, Annie
Joy, Elizabeth . McCown. Ella- Gaffney,
Gertrude Quinlan, May C. Furlong, Annie
C. Kcefe and Annie B. McCrea, .
Miss Belle Stamlseich, daughter of Mrs.
Maria Stamiseich, was married on Octo
ber 4 to Joseph Silverla at St. Patrick's
/^o OCIAT^ activity marks the ad
/P^ Z^ vsnee ol tho, season. - -Engage
\y»O^\mfnts and weddings are follow
- • !ns, the traditional outcroppings
(f—^y^ of the.' fall. It would seem that
midsummer - and ¦ autumn firi.
more young pecple contemplating matri
n-.ony than. any other period of the year,
and the reason is rot h^.id to flnd—prox
imity during summer days seeming '-."to
seal matters matrimonial. ' \ ?
. The clubs- arc now acUveiy.'cngnged with
the-Ir Imposed tasks or allotted pleasures
and are seriously getting down to work.
Whcthfr they work or play club life— as
women see It— is more or less serious, per
haps of Uie many new phases of life and
of people it presents to them. For. it must
be remembered' that it is only'*about a
dozen years since the* first club, ag we
now understand tho term, w,as organized.
With that limited perspective the devel
opment of club women is 8ne of the re
markable phases of our civic social life.
Church. The bride was given into the
keeping of the groorn by her. brother and
was atterid€d by, her sister at the altar.
Tha young, people received their, friends
after the ceremony, when a delightful
evening was enjoyed by the large circle
of friends that had been bidden to wit
ness the happy affair. - : "
. On October IE. Blcknell of Lake* Coun
ty -was united In marriage to Miss Marion
Bates! daughter of Mrs. S. A. Bates and
the late Captain George O. Bates of 2229
O street.* Sacramento. The. ceremony was
Foiemnized under a canopy of .flowers in
the handsome parlors of the bride's sister,
Mrs. h:' A. Devlh/ at the Ange'.us Hotel,
San Francisco. After an extended wed
ding, trip they v.-ill make . their home In
Lake County. , . . -
The wedding of Miss Selena Cohn and
Albert Lewis was celebrated on the even
ing' of October 3 in the presence of a
large assemblage of friends. - *
Miss* Martha Thayer ' and 'Forrest-; A.
Beekley, a prominent young stock* raiser
of .CcliiEa County, were quietly married
on Saturday at 12 o'clock noon by the
Rev. Mr.. Dobbins of Cotusa at.-the home
of the.- bride's parents.. The bride, who Is
a pretty plrl.of many social attainments,"
Is the daughter of ¦ Supervisor- A." A.
Thayer. The young couple will reside at
Grimes upon their return from a shor*
w€dding trip In the southern part of the
State and will be at home to their friends
after Tuesday, October 13. .
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE 5-A1ST FKANCISCO^/GATiL, SUNDAY, r OCTOBER 11, 1903.
36
. ADVEBTISEMENTa
¦IS YOUR FACE UNWOMANLY? ?!
¦ Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek
chin or person? If you- have, B. B. B. English
Caramel Ii-Just what you want. .:. .
It removei and cures this unfortunate blem-
ish. ¦ .-', r -,'¦" :, :•- ¦ ¦--¦:¦¦>. ;.• y;.:-
. ' Alter on« application your t ae» will ' b« u
free from hair aa the palm of your hand. -.
B. B. B. Bagliah Caramel is • Indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had twenty years of
successful practice In England and on the Con-
tinent. It Is, in fact, the only satisfactory, erad-
lcator of supprfhious hair known io science.
Elite Skin Food— Removes all btemlibes and
roughness; makes .'the': complexion : perfect;
keeps the skin clear, soft and vmocth. *< --•• . .-:,
Tbe. Elite Blackhead Eradlcator— Permanent-
ly " removes blackhea.ds and reduces" the pores
of the skin. — - ~n:r- ¦¦¦-.¦-.. '. ;: ..,- r -.
1 Elite Faca'Prfwtler — Chemically pure: a pre-
ventive" of 'superfluous hair, t- •"-*.;•. , ; ;,-,•
} Tlie 4 JEl!t« . Face Bleach— Kpr, remeyln* '¦- ttn
and freckles. ; It has no equal. - ' ¦-,'¦ \
¦ Prompt attention to mall orders with stamps!
,'¦', Elite Dermatology Institute,
' * 838 Market : St^ ". San * Francisco.^ .*; ' ]
ADVEBTISEMENTS.*
fe MADAM DEVAS
I IJm scientific .
JP Palmist & Astrologist
j^^^V« 3 Questions Answered
Free on Mondays Only
Full Readings $1.00
LIEBES BUILDING, 13* POST ST.
Booklet sent Free. .
w*r/r sxajutj. VwmKv^
s/fAJU, sax. ysr- via ¦ ••-¦^«SK8r/ 1
'•¦ j&ASSAc-js. jszjccrjvcfry ~<*r ¦ '
¦SXAArfO/r TJUJ W££St~ CAJU OJt
.- '- . / > f*7t/T£
DRk\milAM$
ADVERTISEMENTS. __"_;
g , - - y c^_ %
I Dry Goods Company, Ji
i AnnuaS Handkerchief Saie 1
.i 1
§ Special Importation of Linen Handkerchiefs |;
g, in the newest designs in Embroidered, . gj
g Initialed, plain and lace edge, upon which gj
: g we have placed very attractive figures. §
o Sheer Linen Hand-Embroidered Initial Handkerchiefs— I © j
g Priczs 60c. 75c, $1 and $1.50 a half dozen §j
g Embroidered Linen Handkerchiefs— g|
g Prices I5c, 25c, 50c, 75c and $1 each g j
• ¦ - . ' ©i
o o\
• Sheer Linen and Linen Cambric Handkerchiefs— g ;
o Prices 60c, 75c, 90c, $1.20 and $1.50 a half dpz. gj
o — ' o;
g Real Armenian Lace Handkerchiefs— § ;
g Prices 50c, 75c, $1 and $3.25 each g
o o
o • ¦ . • .,-•
9 An cxclusl.c novelty; fresh, n;at end da nty, and out or the ordinary ©
• ©
g CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
• Cc:rj zzi StocVtoi Straati, Unioi Squ'-ri. O !
• .a!
.. . NEWMAN & LEVINSON. __^ w^ N^ vw^^^— "* "*?* ¦^-^
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
•— — — ! -~» 1 »- B ~- 1^ ¦"" m^ mm ™ ¦ /Third Floor\
Firs,t Showing and Sale of • .(.k»»,s,j
Ladies' New Waists for Fall
' The new Waists have arrived — They are now on display and await your admiration. The
latest styles, made of the newest materials in the most charming effects, are here in an almost un-
lirnited variety. Many of the designs are exclusive, and of course waists of this class, possessing
character and individuality, are best selected now.
Twilled Flannel Waists, straight front with pretty stitched r Fancy Snowflake Brilliantine Waists, tucked front and
straps, tucks on shoulder forming yoke; ->*-,* back; large pearl buttons, all colors indud- etfcz
colors cream, black, red and navy, special at 52.50 ing white and black, exceptional value at. ... i W-*'f
All wool Botany Flannel Waists, tuttoncd on the side, Handsome Waists made of best quality white Oxfords,
cluster of tucks on the shoulders torming e<!> _. A in dainty new designs; tucked front and e/5 en
yoke ; black, cream, red and navy, each $O.DU back, fancy buttons... «?^».i*w
Stylish Waists of ail-wool Albatros, in neat Polka dot Waists, tailor-made of Fancy Vestings, with front beautl-
V: design on black, white, red, navy and light * . '-_ fully tucked and French back, colors white cc 9e
blue ground, made after the new models. ... «>4.2O and gunmetal, very fashionable; fine value at J.fc J
New Black Dress Goods (K?^)
; A Magnificent Display of Fashion^ Best
The Very best values obtainable will be offered in our New Black Dress Goods Department
to-morrow — The fabrics are the freshest, newest and most fashionable — every weave to be wished
for is at your disposal. |fe>;
Black Mistral, all-wool, Black Etamine, 44 Inches Black Sharkskin, hand- Black Zibelines, In natti
1 44 inches wide, In choice wide, a fine, high-grade, all some all-wool material, 44 effects, 48 inches wide, new-
natte effects, a material of wool fabric, In novelty Inches wide; beautiful bright est Imported weave, super-
superb quality in very latest check designs brought out lustre, with silk finish; lor finish: much in demand
weaves. -V , for this season. . suitable for street gowns. this season.
$1.00 a Yard. $1.00 a Yard. $1.25 a Yard. $1.50 a Yard.
'-¦*¦ • Two Specials from the (^eTlT) Excellent- Bath Robes
Leather Goods Department For $3^ 0 that were
TViat Mprit TriVP«;ti<yatioTl (Third Floor Kearny St.) t .
x nat Mem invesugation. Bath Robes for Ud|es or Gents> wlth hood attachnientt
Wrist Bags, made of best quality walrus leather, # made of the best quality of Egyptian cotton, in white,
silk lined, inside pocket and leather handle, each $1.35 w jth red or blue borders — regular price $5.00,
Auto Bags, made of Saffian leather, square shape, on sale to-morrow at the- extraordinarily low CA
with coin purse; chain or leather handles, each $1.50 price of each «fiJ.3v
Very Newest Laces Arrive (gzsfto
Why not come now and select your Laces when assortments are complete — You will find here
the largest varieties and newest ideas — in fact this store is recognized as having one of the finest
lace departments in America — -and prices are right.
Venise Lace Bands, in the very latest designs, Fibre Bands, the season's newest trimming, In
>2 to 4 inches wide....... 25c to (3.00 yard white, black, navy and brown 35c to $1.25 yard
Venise Galloons, in a large variety of medallion Venise Lace AHovers for waist covering. 18 inches
designs, that can be separated 50c to $6.00 yard wide, cream, white or black $ 1 .00 to $2.00 yard
Colored Cluny Lace Bands, new patterns, large Black Silk Laces, straight bands, all widths, in
variety to choose from 25c to JI.50 yard handsome point de gene effects 75c to $4.50 yard
In Drop Ornaments for Dress and Coat Trimming we are showing the newest and most attrac-
tive styles — solid colors, black, white and pretty color combinations i to io inches deep — prices
range from 10c to $2.50 each.
Notable Values in Winter Hosiery ff£^£)
Ladies' Fine Quality Cashmere Hose, full fashij^ed, Children's Black Cashmere Hose, narrow rib, with double
with Merino heels and toes, in black or gray, j».v soles, heels and toes, sizes 5 ,to 8#, an ex-, o _
per pair.... ...... . 5>UC celient wearing article, per pair o5C
Ladies' Cashmere Hose, finest imported quality, with Infants* Cashmere Hose, with silk toes and heels, narrow
Merino heels and toes, In black or gray, __ v rib, In black, white, pink, sky and tan, sizes __
per pair. :....... 7 DC 4 to 6, per pair 2 5C
Special Offerings In Towels e^r^r)
I Bleached Huckaback Towels, - size 18x^4, for home Bleached Huckaback Towels, size 18x38, part linen, extra
or, hotel use. superior weave fo.r durability, C( nft heavy quality; red or white borders, excep- e§
special per 'dozen. tlonally fine vaiqe, per dozen 31.50
Bleached Huckaback Towels, size 19x38, Bleached Linen Huck Towel, size 19x38; best
the kind usually sold at $1.50 dozen, *• » c value we have ever offered, worth $2.50 tff _^
our price $l.cD dozen. Special at .' $1.90
Write for our New Illustrated Catalogue — We Mail it Free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stunning Hats
I For Dairity Heads
H The splendid, unprecedented business
u we are doing In our Millinery Depart-
¦ ment this season ' means sometblng.
B Women don't "shop" all around town
9 - - and then come back here to buy with-
9 out an excellent reason.
H We think Itmuit be because . our *
h bats are more beautiful or less costly,
B or both. Some new Paris hats arrived
B yesterday, bringing with : them the •
¦ ; newest Ideas from over tbe sea.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all .other facial blemishes tra removed by
. UK. : and MRS. A. ¦ W. , TR A VEHSE. Donohu*
building. 11*0 Market - street,' cor." Taylor, rooms
2S-29, with the electric naedle without pain - cr
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.New Zealand sold abroad last year $11.-
DOO.000 worth of meats, "of which $2,250,000
was in beef,' $9,000,000 in mutton and $500,000
In frozen rabbits.
Wong Fook Sam was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a .charge of per
jury In $2000 .bonds. The alleged perjury
was committed while the defendant was
testifying in Judge Lawlor's ; court " In
April last in the case of Tom Sam On,
charged with felony embezzlement The
case of Horn Doon, charged with suborn
ation of perjury In the same matter.' will
come up for : hearing ; to-morrow after
noon. Horn Doon is one of * the ; Chinese
arrested In connection with ' the ' Chinese
substitution cases.
Held on Perjury Charge.
The Health Committee . agreed that the
matter had no phase "affecting the public
health and so sent it back to the board.
The ordinance was once before consid
ered by the board after the Judiciary and
Streets committees had ' reported in favor
of its indefinite postponement on the
ground that it was unconstitutional.
In view of the approaching election and
because the labor unions are urging the
passage of the ordinance the members of
the board were unwilling to take action
and so referred the ordinance to ' the
Health Committee In order to gain time.
Now that committee refuses to accept the
responsibility and reports the bill back
for consideration by the board.
M. Gerstle. representing the machine
cleaning company, desired an opportunity
to present testimony that the method
used is a benefit from a sanitary stand
point. Cleve Dam, attorney for the pro
testants, eaid he did not object to the san
itary feature of the method, but he ar
gued that the operation of the machines
on the streets was dangerous to life. -
P. Hi McCarthy, president of the Build-
Ing Trades Council, urged that, the or
dinance be sent back at once to the board
for action, as. the Health Committee has
nothing to do with the question.
The Supervisors' Health Committee yes
terday referred back to the board with
out recommendation the proposed ordin
ance prohibiting the use , of compressed
air house-cleaning machines on the pub
lic streets.
Supervisors' Health Committee Re
fuses Responsibility of Reporting
on Prohibitory Ordinance.
B0AED TO ACT ON AIR
CLEANING MACHINES
Peter Craig, an ex-convict, was booked
at the City Prison by Detectives O'Dea
and Mulcahy yesterday afternoon on a
charge of burglary. He is accused of en
tering the room of Charles Hillis at 696
Mission street on October 6 and stealing
a concertina valued at J95, which was
recovered bv the officers.
Booked for Burglary.
The, board of trustees' of the Preston
School of Industry met yesterday for the
transaction of regular business. The res
ignation of C. B. Ridden, superintendent,
was received, but action on it was de
ferred until the next meeting, which will
be held In Sacramento on October 23. and
at which it will probably be accepted and
his successor elected.
Superintendent Resigns.
Certain parties are using the name
* vroodyear"., in selling mackintoshes and
rain coats and letting the customer un
derstand they are Goodyear goods. The
genuine garment has the '"Gold Seal"
trademark on It. The Goodyear Rubber
Company has but one store In San Fran
cisco., which is located at 573, 575, 577 and
679 Market street, near. Second. . •
Goodyear Rubber Co.
The Democratic committee on vacan
cies, composed of Joseph Slye, Thomas F.
Gagan, Louis Ferrari and Thomas J. Pin
der, met in the offices of Thomas E. Cur
ran, -503 California street, at 11 o'clock
yesterday. Mr. Curran was appointed
chairman. The only 'business of import
ance transacted at the session- was the
nomination of W. W. Sanderson for the
office of City Attorney. Mr. Sanderson
is a member of the law firm of Beatty &
Sanderson. The next meeting of the com.
mlttee will be held to-morrow noon at
the same place, when nomination for Tax
Collector will be made.
Vacancy Is Filled.
Tax Collector Smith said:
"I have heard the rumor that a few of
the civil service ellglbles have started to
oppose my candidacy for re-election be
cause I decided to get along with $6000
less for extra clerk hire than formerly.
If I am to be opposed because I intro
duced business methods in the adminis
tration of the office and thus economized
to the extent of $6000 in the Interest of
the city I suppose I will have to stand it.
I have certainly proven my friendship for
the merit system, and I must admit that
it was entirely owing to the efficiency of
my regular civil service clerks and depu
ties that I was enabled to get along with
a lesser number of extra clerks. I can
only refer to the fact that I have always
endeavored to subserve the best interests
of the public, whose servant I am, in con
ducting the affairs of the tax office. I
submit that any taxpayer who has done
business with my office can attest to the
fact that he has been waited upon with
dispatch, and not one has been subjected
to the interminable waits which obtained
during former administrations. I believe
I have introduced a business system In
the office, which if it has resulted in a
saving of $6000 to the city certainly ap
pears to me to be no good reason for my
being opposed in my ' campaign for re
election,"
SMITH HEARS RUMOR.
"Rule 27: Participation In Politics — Partici
pation of civil service appointees In partisan
politics, except to vote. Is contrary to the
spirit of the charter and subversive of the best
interests of civil service."
Smith's course in saving the money for
other necessary purposes has, however,
earned the displeasure of several civil ser
vice clerks who would have profited by
the Increased appropriation, and on that
account some of them have begun to use
his economy as an argument against his
re-election. In the absence of the Civil
Service Commissioners, Chief Examiner
Moran said yesterday that the commission
could do nothing if men on the -civil ser
vice lists chose to meddle in politics. He
said:
There is no power vested In the commission
by the charter whereby civil service ellgibles
or even appointees may be disciplined for tak
ing an offensive part In political campaigns.
The commission regrets this omission tn the
charter, as it is of the opnion that civil service
employes should hold aloof from politics. & rule
which obtains in the Federal civil service. The
commission discussed the matter for a long
time, and. while deploring that it could not
prohibit civil service employes in the munici
pal government from engaging In politics. It
felt that there was a moral obligation on th«
part of ruch employes to refrain from any act
ive participation In political campaigns. On
that account it formulated a rule, which, how
ever, is only In the nature of an Injunction,
which reads at follows:
CLERKS ARE DISPLACED.
The attention of the Civil Service Com
mission was called yesterday to the fact
that some of the civil service ellgibles on
the list of ordinary clerks had threatened
to oppose the candidacy of Edward J.
Smith for re-election as Tax Collector be
cause that official had voluntarily agreed
with the Board of Supervisors to carry
on the business of his office during the
present fiscal year for $6000 less than
the amount he could be legally allowed.
The ground for opposing Smith is ad
mittedly a selfish one, as the ellgibles
claim that they will be prevented from
benefiting by the increased appropriation
which would have been spent for extra
clerk hire. The men give no thought to
the saving of $6000 to the city effected by
Tax Collector Smith, which would other
wise have been used In the payment of
salaries. The amount named was utilized
in thc sum appropriated for repaying
streets and other necessary improvements
and is part of the substantial results ob
tained by the taxpayers of the munici
pality.
When Tax Collector Smith informed the
Supervisors' Finance Committee at the
time they were preparing the annual
budget that he could get along with $3000
less than he had expended last year for
clerk hire the committee was agreeably
surprised, as Smith was the only city of
ficial who did not ask for an increased
appropriation. Smith explained that he
had systematized the work of the tax of
fice and had been enabled by his first
year's experience to Introduce business
methods In the conduct of the office, and
on that account he would not need a3
many extra clerks as he had employed In
the past. The committee was much grati
fied at Smith's economy, which It thought
could well be introduced in other city of
fices, and ¦was able to increase the appro
priation for permanent Improvements by
exactly the sum of $6000.
1. Do you understand the purposes and prin
ciples of the California LJquor Dealers' Associa
tion?
2. Are you opposed to any one of its ex
pressed declarations? ', -
3. Are you friendly or unfriendly to the re
tall liquor trade?
4. Would you. If elected, vote for an ordi
nance or amendment to any law In opposition
to the expressed wishes of the association?
5. Will you. If elected, support the declara
tions of this association, as they have been
read to you?
i For the purpose of making their oppo
i sition effective in the city campaign and
j probably also with a view of guarding
i against the necessity for added expenses
; that hedge about the license privilege,
1 the association has appointed a commlt
i tee of five to see all the candidates for
• Mayor and Supervisors and to propound
| to them the following questions, requir
i ing a direct and unevasive answer:
' 2. The asboclatton declares itself opposed to
I Sunday laws and ordinances of every kind or
character. ¦
3. That it Is in absolute opposition to in
creasing the existing license tax.
4. That It opposes any legislation against
the combined grocery and bar.
5. That it is opposed to any -change in the
present laws unless the change be first ap
proved by the association.
' 1. That the association is opposed to local
option.
The liquor dealers have evidently had
reason to be dissatisfied with the way
their affairs have been managed ' under
the present city administration. I£ may
be that Incidentals attaching to the mat
ter of securing a license such as attor
neys' fees, pull, etc., outside of the reg
ular fee therefor, have been irksome to
! some of the liquid caterers to the palate
I of San Francisco. At any rate, the Cali
fornia LJquor Dealers' Association has re
cently adopted resolutions, which, after
j declaring that the association is com
: posed of retail liquor dealers who have
: organized for mutual protection for the
; purpose of guarding, their business against
' unjust discrimination, go on to declare
j in effect:
Adopt Resolutions' Setting
Forth Their Stand on
Legislation, j
Few Ordinary Clerks Array
Themselves Against
Tax Collector.
Appoint Committee of
Five to Interview
Candidates.
Some Civil Service Men
Resent His Saving of
$6000 to City.
LIQUOR DEALERS
ENTER CAMPAIGN
OPPOSING SMITH
FOR HIS ECONOMY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIiL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11. 1903.
37
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND ATFAIBS
of the
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAXD, on the 3Ut
day of December. A. I>. 1902. and for the
}rtr cai'.ng on that da jr. as made to the In-
surance CcmiEiscloner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provliicns of Sections 610
and €11 of tbe Polltlc&l Code, condensed as
per black furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Heal Ertate owned by Company.. $427.S54 07
Cash &!arket Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 077.223 00
Caeh in Company's Office 3.369 34
Cash In Banks 102,589 63
ln'jereet due end accrued on all •
Stocks end Loans 10,337 49
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 167.579 74
12:. is receivable, not Matured.
taken fcr Fire and Marine Rltks 349 OS
Due from other Companies for Re-
insur&ac* on losses already paid. 6.108 00
ToUl Assets $1,695,411 27
LIABILITIES.
I/sw! adjusted and unpaid $37,372 87
lx>sses in procecs cf Adjustment
or :r. Suspense C9.S79 53
Loeaea resisted. Including: expenses. 7,600 55
Gross premlume on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $753,1C6 59;
reinsurance &0 per cent 376.5S3 23
Gross premiums en Fire Ricks run-
r.'.r.e more than cne year, $827.-
457 06; reinsurance pro rata. .. 446.077 S2
AH other liabilities 70,514 83
Total Liabilities $998,029 01
INCOME. ~ ~ ~~~"
Jf*t ca«h actually received for
Fire premiums $1,041,162 13
Received for interest and dividends
on BondK. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 44,078 61
Received for Rents 16.974 26
Received for profits on realization
cf Investment* 3,396 37
ToUl rnccmt .$1.105.611 37
EXPENDITURES. "
2*et amoral t>«ld for Fire Losses
Unduding X1&6.S51 19. losses of
previous yean) $596,603 44
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brckerara 239,144 27
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 82,065 67
Paid for State. National aad Local
Taxes 25,618 93
All other payments and expendi-
ture. 64.443 59
Total Expenditure* $1.007.881 82
Fir*.
Losses Incurred dnrtnr the year.. $541.178 01
Ricks &id Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
— _•^^ _^. .^_ j ___——* ¦— •— —^—^^»
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $131,805,358 $1,458,388 35
Net amount of Risks
expired - during the
year 146.130.727 1.668,194 39
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902 ..( 154.158.921 1.580.633 67
CHAS. H. POST. V. 8. Manager.
N. A. McNEIL. Asct. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23U»
flay of January. 1S03. H. E. FRANCK.
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager,
EEO. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager,
323 CALIFORNIA STEEET,
BAN FRANCISCO.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific Coast Directors.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE .
CONDITION AND AJTAIRS
— or the —
MANCHESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF" MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1002. and
for the year coding- on that dar. as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of Sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
dented as per blank furnished by the Com-
miHlmrr
ASSETS.
Real E«tate owned by Company.. *»."0O 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
end Bonds owned by Company. 1,326.660 00
Cash In Company's Office 2,158 34
Cash In Banks 21S.S34 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 8,324 17
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 273,859 03
Bills receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 188 40
Total Assets $1,839,534 49
LIABILITIES. ~~ "~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $34,254 19
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense A2.128 76
Loeees resitted. Including expenses. 37.343 39
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,090,-
871 So; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 545,433 92
Git** premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning more than on* year, $968.-
287 24; reinsurance pro rat a... (WO. 863 05
All other liabilities 77.133 18
Total Liabilities $1,247,162 48
INCOME. — — —
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,369,144 SS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 43.433 18
ToUl X&come $1,412,603 00 '
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amo»nt paid for Fire Losses
(Including $173,022 81. losses of
previous years) $S04,391 57
Paid or allowed for Commission or -j ~ *-
Brokerage , 278.070 81
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chairw for offlcers. clerks, etc' 112,357 73
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • •••• 42,479 74
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1C3.3S9 45
Total Expenditures ..jl.341.2S8 30
£ Fire.
Losses incurred fiurln* the year... $741,381 10
Risks aad Premiums. I Flr« Risks. Premiums.
Ket amount of Risks .
written during: thc
year $155,983,237 $2,009,044 80
Net amount of Risks
expired during: the
year 174.901,449 2.093,79138
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. | 17C.079.824 2.059.159 09
GEO. 8. A. YOUNO. U. S. Manaxcr.
Subscribed * and sworn - to before mt. this
23th day of January. 1903.
EDWIN P. COREY.
Commissioner for California In New York.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
THOS. J.CONROY, Manager,
GEO. W. BROOKS, Assistant Manager, /
323 CAIJrORNTA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. .
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.,
Pacific Coast Directors.
' AMUSEMENTS.
vULUIwIEjI A LEADING THCAiS
TO-NIGHT
AND FOR
ANOTHER WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY.
WHAT
PEOPLE
TALK
ABOUT
...
The World's Musical Hit. '
Octob«r It— Third Anniversary.
"FLORODORA"
With the Number One New York Company,
Headed by ISADORA RUSH.
GREAT BEAUTY SEXTETTE
CHORUS OF SEVENTY
FINER PRODUCTION
THAN EVER BEFORE.
LAST TIME NEXT BUNDAY NIGHT.
Beginning MONDAY. OCTOBER 10.
First Appearance In This City of
Robert Edeson
¦ In Richard Harding Davis*
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE
¦ Staise Vcrnion by AUGUSTUS THOMAS.
Third Successful Year.
SEAT COMMENCES THURSDAY.
C£NTRAir r ~
Belacco & Mayer. Proprietors.
Market st. Near Eighth. Phone South KW.
Matinee To-day — To-night. Last Time of
» T*e Great Comedy Success.
MY FRIEND FROM INDIA
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
Hoyfs Most Famous Comedy-Drama,
A MIDNIGHT BELL
Presenting the Eminent Comedian,
. L. R.8TOCKWELL
In His Original, Inimitable Role of .
" Dsacon .Tldd "
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 50c
rnlWCj Matinees ...10c. 15c. 25c
a X r\ 'h. rW - A • T^ Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR it&«.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL APPEARANCE,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
¦ • In David BeUsco's *ZF HL *jT n-'''
Master Work. *" f*\ JC* /"TL .
To-Morrow Might— First Time
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
In the Initial San Francisco Production , of
Pinero's Delightful .Comedy ,. Drama. . .
LADY BOUNTIFUL
Evrs 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat. & 8un., 15c to 50c
* ' MATINEE , NEXT. SUNDAY.'
Oct. lfr— THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
THE THIRD RECITAL of the Season Will B«
• 'J" Given at 3, p. m., '. v
Saturday, October 17th
STBINWAY HALL
i MR. PEKCIVAL K. VAN YORX will pre-
side at the piano with the "aid of, ¦ •
THE ANGELUS
The Soloist of the' Occasion; Will Be
MR. : HOMER j HENLEY. ; Barytone.
Complimentary' ticket*' may. be had at tlw
store any time before the recital. : SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO.; Kearny and Butter sta.'
- ¦-. At Manufacturer's^ Price.
J. . MAETT, 33 » Turk Street.
Factory-^826 i Howard Repairing.
/ ADVERTISEMENTS. M V __„___„
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY ¥ 11^ I^T
Saves a i^ JP^L \JL
_ _ J^_ Paralyzing Rheumatism Is Cnred
f S ty Electro-Chemistry as by
j^^S^li ' ' No Other Known Treatment.
'* flftHf^TfT ?$£'¦ 'A \ Mrs. Mary Rivcst, living at 522
I WsMg^l^tfr-'-^ tflt^ vff-t Forty- fourth street, Oakland, adds
: ' ¦'- ' Kh^?^' 8jfl^f k er testimony. Mrs. Rivcst says:
v - /JRftj 'WPP^ -' at times being so swollen that the skin
/?» - ' ' ' HMfefrffi^BBls^^T cracked open. I was given all kinds
Jf :^^i/T^^"'^^'' '«§«raeli| °f treatment in form of medicine,
J 1 E^HsW "**'*' BK^- r -l^^ move out of bed for over five months.
fea^S^SSsS^ X.^ v *^§j|§l|ffi?J Then I was only able to barely move
vuc «„,,„,„.. around with the aid of crutches for
mrSJ"f S«^Tii , the next six months. Even after be-
Ear.rty-f.crthStr.et.OakUni. Jng ab]£ tQ mQve thc q{
crutches some of the best doctors that I saw told me that the only thing to
be done was to have my leg taken off. Having heard of people being cured
of rheumatism at the Electro-Chemic Institute, 118 Gran avenue, San Fran-
cisco, I managed to go to their office, and before I had taken ten treat-
ments the pain had left my knee and I was able to take off the heavy band-
age that I had been wearing. In some five or six more treatments I was
able to walk without my crutches, there being only a slight stiffness and a
small amount of weakness, due undoubtedly to a year's entire disuse of
the leg and knee joint.
"It gives me great pleasure to recommend this wonderful Electro-
Chemic treatment."
Elect ro=Chemic Proof.
For nearly two years we have been publishing the testimony of cured
patients in the leading San Francisco papers. We have not asked the pub-
lic to take our unsupported word for our claims of cures. Some of the
best people of San Francisco, through gratitude and a laudable desire to
benefit other sufferers, have kindly volunteered their public testimony.
These Electro-Chemic cures are quick, they are permanent and they are in-
expensive. Patients have been cured of CONSUMPTION, CATARRH,
ASTHMA, RHEUMATISM, CANCERS, TUMORS, DEAFNESS,
RINGING EARS, PARALYSIS, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, PILES, KID-
NEY DISEASES, BLOOD and SKIN DISEASES, STOMACH, LIVER
and BOWEL DIEASES. WOMEN suffering from SPECIAL DISEASES
peculiar to them have been cured painlessly and kept out of the surgeon's
hands. MEN have been cured of WEAKNESS, PROSTATITIS, VARI-
COCELE, SPECIFIC BLOOD CONTAGION, etc., etc., after having lost
hope through failures under the older medical treatments.
QUICK and PERMANENT cures are what we want. They are the
best advertising that we can get We have the largest special practice in
San Francisco, but we can do still more.
HOME TREATMENT.
We loan to outside patients our Electro-Chemic apparatus for home
treatment free of charge. We advise all our outside patients, when it can
possibly be done, to come to our office for a thorough personal examina-
tion. In most instances the patient can return home the same day, tak-
ing the necessary treatment along. When it is impossible to visit us,
write a careful description of principal symptoms, and full instructions
will be promptly forwarded for home examination and treatment.
FREE M rZZ.» Electro=Chemic
All sufferers 'who are tired of being
sick, those who have worn out their f 1*1 J
stomachs swallowing drugs, those who I fiC* il ¦ I 1 ¦"¦£*
l.-ave found from bitter experience that f l|>l E I 11 |C
the older methods of treatment do not «>•*» w
help them— all are Invited to come to us ,, o r» --,„«. »..^ t%^ n *. «»
for free examination. We will explain Ho Grant AVC, COT. POSt St,
how Electro-Chemistry acts. We will fiAISJ cpiK'ricrn
demonstrate how and why it cures. Come o/l ' 1 ritrti^wiOWU.
at once, no matter what your sickness is Office hours 9 a. m. to 5 n m and 7
and no matter how long you have been to S p. m. dally. Sundays, lfl a m to 1
•sick or how rnany treatments you have p. m. Separate apartments for ladies and
usfd without being cured. . . gentlemen. _««"«*
In 1902 the world consumed 72.733.800 The number of employes in the New
pounds of silk. The largest consumer was York municipal service has reached 45 299
China, with over 14.000.000 pounds, fol- of whom 12.000 are teachers and 10 000
lowed next by America, with 10.780,000 members of the police and lire depart-
pounds. ments.
AMUSEMENTS.
D USS
N. Y. Metropolitan Opera House Orchestra
. 6o— ARTISTS— 6o
Soloists:
Mme. Nordica
MRS. KATHARINE FISK,
Contralto,
NATHAN FRANKO,
Violinist.
Magnificent Programmes. Great Novelties.
RIctard Strauss' Symphonic Poem. "Don
At ALHAMBRA "THEATRE,
Oct. 27. 28, 29 and 30
And Macdonough Theater, Oakland,
Night of October 28th.
Reserved Seats will be 13.00. 12.00. $1.00.
Mall orders to Will L. Greenbaum. Alhambr*
Theater.' ' .V.
|pAlilFORNi"A|
ll .TO-NIGHT— A .WEEK OF ]fr\
HILARITY. * ¦
The Noted Comedian.
EDWARD GARVIE
In Broadhnrst's Latest Musical Farce,
MR.JOLLYOFJOLIET
Furious fun— a superb cast— pretty
girls — stunning gowns and all the new
song hits.
.*-«_. NEXT— "IN ¦ OLD KEN- i Bxati ,
mil TUCK°Y." 1C
1 1 H E. AT KUI
T!VOLISS5&
NOTE— Performances besln at 8 sharp,
Saturday matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT— Last performance of ."OTELLO."
NEXT WEEK.
Monday, Wednesday. Friday and ' Saturday
: . . • Nights.
- Ambroise Thomas' Romantic . Opera, .
"MIGNON'
Marcheslnl. Tromben. Tedeschl. Tr&vagllr.I.
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Nights, j Sat-
urday Matinee.
GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
¦ Mascagnl's Masterpiece. .
"Covallerla Ruatlcana"
De Benedetto. Agostlni. Zanlnl
and Leoncavallo's Lyric Drama,
"[PrtCLIACCI"
De Spada, Ischlerdo. Qregorettt. Borghese. .
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. 60c. 75c
r •--.--•-. • Telephone Bush 0. ¦
GRANP8S&&
MATINEES ETODAY AHD SATTODAY OHLY
Week Beginning ...
MATINEE TO-DAY
Gorgeous Production of
The Burlesque Extravagaaz*.
CLEOPATRA
' Both well Browne as Cleopatra.
ISA CLEVER CHILDREN f£ft
lOU IN THE CAST IDU
A 8aee«sii3a tf Intirtslsiag Vmltiti
PDirCC Evenings.. 15c. 25c.. 50e. 75c
rKlWE3 Matinees.... 15c. 25c. fiOc
Beginning Xtzt Bands? Xatlaes
TfflB CHBI&TIAW
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Cottlow
The Great Planiste,
BLUMEIMFELD, Violinist
Lyrio Hall, Tuesday and Thursday Nights,
Saturday Matinee-
-¦Reserved Seats, 75c. $1.00. $1.60 at Sherman.
Clay, * Co.'s.. ¦ ;
Friday Night, Unitarian . Church, Oakland
C W.LEADBEflTER
Of London -Will Lecture Upon.
"telepathy. and mind cure"
in; golden gate. hall.
:¦'¦¦¦:•- ' "- •.-¦••. AT 8 ¥.* M.i -
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. -..>
the Weekly Call
ix 61 per -Vcar. _
Week Commencte*; THIS AFTER-
NOON. Sunday. October 11.
j MONSTER L
INEWSBOWin
The- European Sensation I
GOLOMBINO
and Quick Chans* Arti Jt-
SISTERS RAPPO
Russia's Greatest Dancers.
3 CRANE BROTHERS
Madtown Minstrels.
First Appearance In America, of
WALLACE BROWNLOW
The Distinguished English Barytone.
aTp. rostow
The World Famed Equilibria!:.
. Return, for One Week Only, cf
WOOD AND RAY
In •'THE OLD JOKES' HOME."
PANTZER TRIO
Presenting "A Gymnast's Parlor
Amusement."
Golden Gate Quartette
And FANNT WINFRED. Comedians.
¦ . t : Singers and Dancers.
Last Week of the Universal Favorites.
Clayton Marie
WHITE and STUART CO.
In the One Act Comedy. "Paris."
Parquet, any seat, 23c; Balcony. 10c;
Children, any part except reserved. 10c
A few front Orchestra Rows. Reserved.
COc; Front Rows of Balcony, Reserved,
23c.
UNION
COURSING
PARK
ANDREW DEAN. Judce.
JAS. F. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Oct. II, 1903
C\
FLEET RAGING HOUNDS
IN CLOSELY
MATCHED PUPPY AND
OPEN STAKES
Total Prize Money $1,000
SPECIAL. TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains leave Third and Towns*nd sts. at
10-18 a. m. t II a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m.
Twenty-firth and Valencia sts. five minutes
later. Returntnr at 4:43 p. m. and Immediate-
ly after the last course. 8an Mateo electrto
1 cars direct to the park entrance every flv*
minutes duiinc the day.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES F3EE.
Broke the record this week.
| THE F»/\ WAD ¦j. RS |
The very acme of perfection.
Best musical comedy ever seen her*.
saw \ NFVFR
SCENERY I L\Mj T JLR.
COSTUMES \
EJLJ equaled
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNET BERNARD.
W1NFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
'-'' v MAUDE AMBER. *
ELEANOR JENKINS,
¦ •
High-Class Specialties Efery Afternoon and
' Evening In the Theater.
TRASK AND ROGERS; JOHN TIERNET;
ALLAN WIGHTMAN: JOSIE AINSLEY;
FISCHER AND WACKEB: MAY LAMSON.
AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Visit the MYSTIC MIRROR MAZS.
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE_ZOO!
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be
UiCTUBES AND CONCERTS.
j^rSECSkfo BTEOTWAY " T -Ti
a^Brl ' X '' SSS^-S^k.^ii'i Mind.*' on
I^^P THE ELIXIR OF LIFE.
With Experiments in
Tickets. 25c and *50e.
/ ... • ' "—
VnhcP DON'T FAIL TO
laiaWW iee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/¦fill room, the EMPIRE
: r UU PARLOR, th«
n J PALM ROOM, the
linifiQ LOUIS XV PAR.
U1 unu LOR, and the LA-
U^4. n 1~ DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IWeTrusti
I the People:
• ¦ • 0"
0 Solid Oak Chiffonier,- con-' S
9 taining five large roomy draw- J
0 ers; solid cast brass trimmings; #
• shaped French plate looking- •
• glass. Positively the best bar- •
• gain ever offered in the furniture 5
2 line. Only ->x? 2
© £7 Q£V E «ch 2
q «*> y*~y. Worth $14.00 f
0 20O Tabourettes, solid oak, 2
• quartered and polished, extra #
• large size, ,#
5' 52Kr* F °c h ®
• OOy Worth.* 1.75 •
J SPECIAL— io per cent re- ¦ J
J duction ; on. our entire stock of; 5
Linoleum. We are showing- 9
• no different patterns, includ- •
• ing the latest floral designs. ¦ •
I Eastern^putfittin&Co. I
• 1320 1328 Stockton St •
t . ;#
• All Cars' Lead to . Our Store. •
S Country orders solicited." s-J
••••••••••••.••••••••••.
P.. I* ADVEBTISTSWRNTS.
Cut- Rate Prices
Tremendous Suit Selling
NO woader, when the VERY NEWEST and MOST FASHIONABLE Tailor-
made Garments are being offered at the beginning of the season at such AS-
TONISHINGLY LOW PRICES. You procure the BEST-MADE GAR-
MENTS, good material, and above all, YOU SAVE MONEY.
To-morrow— Monday — and Following Days' This Week:
$17.50 TAILOR SUITS— new mixtures . . <J> * c% ' EZf\
CUT RATE tJ>I!£*.OU
$20.00 TAILOR SUITS - in black, blue, gray, preen.. .... <fc 1 p~ AA
cut rate tJHO.ULr
$25.00 TAILOR SUITS— novelty mixtures and black .... CO A A A
; CUT RATE tj>25 U» UU
$35.00 HIGH-GRADE NOVELTY SUITS-in black, navy, brown, tan, cast.r,
.CUT RATE tJ)^O«UU
¦ •- . - .
Silk Coats .. Cloth Coats
$27.50 SILK NOVELTY COATS COfi f\(\
CUT RATE $j£i\J»W
" EW «i^:?^.^T*. $10.00, $l'2.50, $15.00
$10.00 JACKETS-cut rate .>.. $7.50 ) Sh3des of
$12.50 JACKETS-cut rats $10.00 > tan
$15.00 JACKETS-cut rate $12.50 ) and fclack
FUR JACKETS— choice quality $25.00, $30.00, $35 00, $50.00
ELECTRIC SEAL CAPES at.., $10.00, $12.50, $15.00, $20.00
RIVER MINK CAPES
at.... $10.00, $11.00, $I2.O0, $14.00, $16.00, $20.00
FUR BOAS in extensive variety $1.5O to $20.00
FUR STOLES-the* newest.. $5.00 to $35.00
MISSES' and CHILDREN'S COATS— Handsome Styles
at popular prices — $3.50 to $15.00. * *-* * J.\
1230, 1232, 1234 Market Street, near Jones.
" ' - .' , \ uOAKLAND, Oct. 10.— The following mar
riage licenses were, issued by the County
Clerk to-day: Richard W. Belson, 29 years
old. and -Anna C. Mackall, 27. both of San
Francisco; 'i Charles E. Walsh, over 21,
Vallejo,' and -Mattle E. Butler, over 18,
Lower .Lake; Roy Martin, : 23. and Anna
Lydiksen, 21, both of Oakland; Edward L.
Butler, 27,': San Francisco, and Anna E.
"Allemann. 25, Oakland; Ferdinand E.
Hueter, . 24, San Francisco, and Delia E.
\Veelar, 21,; Berkeley; Owen , J. Fowler,
'over. 21, "and Sophie ; Czaplk, : over, 18, both
of San Francisco; Josep^H. Priel, . 26,' and
Ethel M.^White, 25, both of Oakland;- Carl
E.* Jorgensen. . 40, and Christane ! Lund, 30,
both,; of i Berkeley; { Clarence E.", Ross; 23/
Elmhurst, and Carolyn Al, King, '21, Oak
land. :". ..' * : ' y .'¦'• '
Marriage Licenses.
Henry TVadsworth, receiver t orj Eppin
ger & Co., ' commenced t an" action' yester
day, against the American .National : Bask
of this ¦ city . to recover money he I claims
the defendant : received : June;,24 last 'for
the v benefit of the defunct firm.'. The
amount t involved is $547. ,
three. stores and a 'hall, with dwellings above;
the manufacturing Bite on the northwest corner
of Second and Silver, streets {between -Harrison
and ' Bryant), i 70 feet ion Second and; 00 feet ir
regular < depth : 1 150x114 ¦ feet, on ¦ the south line
of gtreet, J60 . feet, east of . Noe;
to 'close ¦ the estate : of : Henry,; Casanova ; 23x100
feet,'- with, cottace.on the ; eouth >ide of.Polnt
Lobos avenue, -; 107 :6 feet east of Ninth avenue;
27 ;6x$5 - feet.- and s two . desirable , flats ¦ at 3023
and 3025 Clay street, and 99x170 feet Irregular
on r' the west; side of Mission street, O'J -feet
north of .Fourteenth. ;., .„-..- .-- ,.., , ; .
Wadsworth Sues Bank.
- The United States transport Sheridan,
Captain Peabody, 1 arrived from the Phil
ippines last night and came to anchorage
at Quarantine at 10:30, o'clock. She sailed
from Manila, September, 15 at 6 a. m. and
from Nagasaki September 23 at 6a. nu,
which makes, her run to ihls port slightly
over twenty- five days. She brings TL9
first-class * passengers and 1041 . in the
steerage. In this list are Ib7 of First Cav
alry, 295 of the Fifth Cavalry, 137 of the
Sixth Cavalry, 208- United States marines,
'40 civilians, 28 prisoners and .46 discharged
men. ; . •
Transport Sheridan. Arrives.
0, FFICIAL Kansas is all amazement over a new clement thaf
has just obtruded itself into American politics and — won out.
Official Kansas is investigating, but meantime the women o!
an entire State are seeing* to it that their triumph of the last few
weeks is maintained and the cause of true love holds full sway.
They fought in a way peculiarly feminine for their risrht to recevre
their lovers. and to be wooed and won and married when, where and how
they pleased. The men fousrht against it, but the women won. and ia
pursuance of that victory they dragged the defeated candidates out ' of
office by main force. Hence official Kansas' perturbation. Hence,
too, official Kansas' effort to keep the facts quiet until it gets full
and final report of this astounding condition of affairs. Meantime Hy
men rules an entire State in a manner never before witnessed in all the
history of the world. The Sunday Call will put you in possession of all
the facts next Sunday, official Kansas* perturbation notwithstand
ing.
And did you ever read of Delaroo? He was an Indian. He was
more. . He was the shadow incarnate of Maje Sampson. He was even
more than that. He was the best railroad character that ever cauzht
the facile pen of Frank H. Spearman, who is himself the best writer of
American railroad stories in the world to-day. -This is Delaroo as
Spearman knew him:
"As long as Mai e would talk Delaroo would listen. That single
word was, in fact, the kev to Delaroo; Delaroo was a listener; for that
reason nobody knew much about him."
And this in brief is one of the most tense moments in all Soear
man's exciting narrative of Delaroo's career:
"What do I think of it?" muttered Neighbor, when the local operator
asked him for a report for Callahan. "I think there's two engines for
the scrap in sight — and the 264. if we can ever find anything of. her — and
about a million sheep to oav for— ". Neighbor paused to eive an order
and survey the frightful scene.
"And. Delaroo." repeated the operator. "He wants to know about
Delaroo — "
"Missing."
If you have been reading Spearman's new series of two-pace stories
you will not need even these extracts to keep you on a sharp lookout for
Delaroo in the next Sunday Call. Spearman's stories are the sort that
you never forget. Thev cet a grip on your memory like the mysterious
fascination of railroadine itself.
However. Delaroo is only one of the big things in the next Sunday
Call.as, for instance. "The Golden Fetich." It is a new mystery story
—more mysterious even than "The Mystery Box," more excitins? than
"Tainted Gold." more surprising by for than "Brewsfer's Millions" and
yet containing all the orijrinalitv of these three and more. You've read
them all in the Sunday Call. You know then what solendid oronme vou
may-expect in the first installment of "The Golden Fetich" next Sunday
. Then.thefe is "The End of the Line." by Mrs. Edwir * Knowt*>«
•The Man Who- Won.'Vby Edwin Lefevre: Miss ParSnwoVs " PrS;
Paris Picture: "The Etiquette of the Coaching Girl " by Ma<W Moor;
"Education "for Success." bv Sir John A. Cockbtirn K C a» fr- .'
of.a Kitty." bv Kate Thyson Marr; a fuli pace of orW'nWn'
graphs r from the Third San rrancisco Salon, and— but ther* 'iV'altn
gether too much to enumerate here. You'll have to see it all "for your-
; E. J. .Martin, general freight and pas
senger agent of the San Antonio and
Aransas Pass Railway, with headquarters
at San Antonio, Texas, is here on, a visit
to 'his old home. Mr. Martin was former
ly connected with . the , Southern Pacific
Company as assistant general freight
agent at San Francisco. He is accompa
nied by his wife. They are at the Occi
dental. < >
. C. L. Canfleld, Pacific Coast agent for
the Chicago, Milwaukee, and St. Paul Rail,
road, and. Mrs. Canfleld departed on last
evening's overland /or Chicago, where" he
will attend an annual conference ; of the
representatives of. his company. %:
I Sterling A. Campbell, a prominent poli
tician and , Collector of Customs for- the
port of Eureka, Is spending a few days in
this city, with his wife and is registered
at the Palace.'
V. F. Lassoe, a banker of New York, is
at the Palace.
I L. H. Wilklris, a mining man of George
town, is at the Palace.
\ \V. E. Lantry, of 'the firm which does
the greater, part of the construction work
for the Santa Fe.road, arrived from Los
Angeles yesterday and is registered at 'the
Palace. , ' . ?
LOVE'S VICTORY
AT THE POLLS
PERSONAL/MENTION.
Standing room was at a premium in
the caDacloua court at Central Park last
night. The final contest of the tug of
war tournament brought out a crowd
that taxed the grounds to their utmost.
During the previous evenings of the
trialu the adherents of the different teams
had always showed their loyalty In true
fashion, j but In last night's events the
spectators, nearly.- went = wild in spurring
on to victory the teams on which- they had
banked their confidence and likewise their
Saturday night's earnings.
Michael Casey's bunch of teamsters got
a drubbing from the plasterers.
When the- teams came together the rope
was hardly taut when the plasterers
started the teamster's going and kept
them on a run that would do justice to
-a ¦ hundred-yard sprinter out for a rec
ord. In Just nine seconds after the ref
eree had fired the starting shot he had
to explode another cartridge to tell of
the teamsters' awful failure.
The bridge workers took a fall out of
the carmen'after a long, hard pull that
lasted nearly half an hour. The carmen
were game, but never during the tug
could they get a cleat on their opponents.
Two teams that had not suffered jdef eat
during, the tourney came together as the
evening's event.
Eight heavy men that handle lumber
longshore were pitted against a team of
carpenters of lighter weight. What the
carpenters lacked in avoirdupois they
made up, In cunning and cleverness and
in a second or two less than &ix' minutes
took ' the city, : front < bunch over, the line
In a scramble and won the tournament.
: The teams at the finish stood as fol
lows: ¦-'-:.¦ -
Carpenters, undefeated, first;, longshore
lumbermen. ; second;, teamsters, , third;
bridge workers, fourth; cement workers,
fifth; laborers and carmen, tied for sixth
place.- ..'•,•¦
,:¦: ; According to . reports the tourney was
a financial ; success. • - ,
Knights of the Plane and Saw Beat
Longshoremen for the
Trophy.
CARPENTERS ARE FIRST IN
TTJG-OF-WAR TOURNAMENT
The civilian passengers through the
Suez canal last year numbered 92,000, and
the pilgrims, emigrants and convicts 40,000.
i-vj^ ERKELEY, Oct. 10.— Ill success
,^2^ in love caused J. 41!en McDon-
aid to take his own life some
'* time early Thursday night by
shooting himself through the
head in the rear of his little notion store
a.t S49 University avenue. West Berkeley.
The suicide's body was not found until
this morning, when J. H. Gentry, a bar
ber living next door, noticed the unusual
quiet about the store and began an In
vestigation. He found the lifeless body
of McDonald with a revolver tightly
clutched in the right hand. Close by waa
a carelessly written letter, dated Thurs
day, October 8. McDonald had evidently
meant the letter to serve both as a fare
well message and a will, as in It he gives
the money which he had on deposit in
the Hibernia Savings Bank to Miss Anna
Tham of North Berkeley. It is believed
the failure of McDonald's suit to win the
young lady was partly responsible for his
act of self-destruction. The letter read3
as follows:
Friends and Er.eml»s: I wish you all health
and happiness. The money that is in the Ht
bernia Havings Bank I will to Miss Anna Tham
of Vine street, b^ttveen Walnut and Oxford.
The money in the Berkeley Savings Bank 1
will to Mrs. J. Vf. Harlan of San Francisco.
1 think shn was Miss Christina McDonald. She
was my father's sister.
And everything 1n the store, with tbe excep
tion cf the counter and the shelves, I will
to the Rebekah Orphan Home of I. O. O. F.
In Gilroy.
I winh Mrs. Gentry to hare ray kitten. I
didn't have the courage to kill the kitten.
Fay my telephone and electric light bills.
I want John Strelghtif to conduct my funeral.
Cremate my remains and scatter them to the
winds. J. A. McDOXALD.
P. S.— Brother Strelghtlf. put on all my re
galia. Oood-by, my love. Life is too long and
weary without you. Oood-by.
The Miss Anna Tham who . Is to re
ceive the money in the Hibernia Bank Is
living with her sister, Mrs. Hermann C.
Boettiger, at 1701 Walnut street. Miss
Tham has been confined to her bed for
some time on account of nervous prostra
tion . due to long Illness, and her sister
has kept from her the news of McDon
ald's suicide. Mrs. Boettiger says that
the man only called' once or twice, but
was not allowed to see her sister.
McDonald has been In trouble several
times recently and it is believed that his
mind was unbalanced. He was about 40
years of age and a member of Berkeley
Lodge No. 270, I. O. O. F.~ The lodge will
take charge of the funeral, arrangements.
line of Twenty-third street, east of Douglass,
25x89 feet. Improvements cottage. Prudence
Building and Loan Association to William
Wleger, for $2400. f .-• '- ¦ "',
During the month of August the Rich
mond Land Company disposed of 243 lots
in the town of Richmond, and during the
month of September surpassed that busi
ness by more than $6000. The foundation
for the Christian Church was laid last
week. A franchise for a new electric road
running down Macdonald avenue through
the heart of Richmond, applied for by
the Standard Oil people, has been granted
by the Board of Supervisors of Contra
Costa County, and the bids will be opened
November 2. A deed has just been placed
of record from the Santa Fe Railway
Company to the Board of Supervisors for
a strip of land eighty feet In width,
which has been finely macadamized and
sidewalked. This avenue extends from
the Santa Fe depot at Richmond easterly
through Richmond. The Oakland Transit
Company has placed a force of seventy
five men at work on the electric line from
Oakland to Richmond.
MANY LOTS ARE SOLD.
The following sales are reported by Sol
Getz & Son:
Lot 25x100 on the south line of I street, C7:6
west of Forty-seventh avenue, to A. W. Best:
lot 70x120 on the west line of • Twenty-sixth
avenue. 1?5 north of A* street, to P. M. Ed
minster, $700: lot 2uxl20 on the c a?t line of
Forty-ninth avenue, 137:6 south of K. to Pau
line Fass; lot 26x120 on the north line of Call,
fornia street, 107 west of Eighteenth avenue.
B. Getz reports the following sales
made by him of his various holdings in
the Richmond, Sunset, Ocean Heights and
Excelsior Homestead districts:
Lot 50x120 on the west line of Forty-third
avenue, 100 feet north of K. street, also 25x120
on the east line of Forty-eeventh avenue, 250
feet north of U street, to Elizabeth Seott; 25x
100 on the north 'line of K street, 57:6 feet
west from Forty-third avenue, also 25x120 on
the «sa*t line of Forty-seventh avenue. 225 feet
north from U street, to Elvira Coleman; 30x
100 on the north line of K street. 82:6 feet
west from Forty-third avenue, to Jennie . and
Frank Fischer: C0xl20 on the' west line of
Forty-third avenue, 150 feet north of K street,
to Margaret McVlcker;. 75x120 on the east. line
of Forty- fourth avenue, 225 feet "south of J
street, to Sarah E. Coiner: 25x100 on the
south line of Q street. 107:6 feet east from
Forty-third avenue, to George .D. Rodgers;
50x120 on the west line of Eighteenth avenue,
300 feet couth of L street, to Michael and
Esther Boden; 50x100 on the north line of V
street. 57:6 east from Thirty-eighth avenue,
also 67:6x125 on the northeast corner of Tnlr*
ty-elghth avenue and D street, to Henry a.
Meyer; 25x75 on the northwest line of Madrid
street. 75 feet northeast of Persia avenue, 19
Joseph Hlliard; 23x73 on the northwest line of
Madrid street. 50 feet northeast of Persia ave
nue, to Howard T. Morris; 25x1 Oo on the north,
erly corner of Paria street and Persia ave
nue, to Thomas C. Hunter; 25x100 on the
northwest line of Lisbon street, 125 northeast
of Persia avenue, to Louis J. LavaronI; 50x
100 on tbe southeast line of Athens street. 50
feet northeast of China avenue, 'with Improve
ments, v from Mary C. Reader to Isaac Schnel
der. '
McAfee Brothers have sold on private
terms nearly 5000 acres of; salt. marsh In
San . Mateo County . for the Hearst estate
to Arthur L." Whitney. The lands front
on Belmont, adjoining the reclamation
William H. Bushnell was taken into cus
tody at his residence, 214 Seventh avenue,
last evening by' Detective Cody. Buahnell
Is accused by his father-in-law. Patrick
Ward, of having been responsible for tha
death of his wife, Catherine Cecilia Bush
nell. who died in the French Hospital oa
Thursday from burns received by the ex
plosion of a lamp. Ward alleges that dur
ing an altercation that occurred between
Bushnell and his wife, Bushneil grasped a,
lamp and hurled it at his spouse, setting
fire to her clothes and causing burns that
resulted in death.
Bushnell Under Arrest.
"In the case of John McGowan, who waa
sentenced to a year's imprisonment at
San Quontln, to begin December 9, 1902,
but later secured a stay of execution,
Webb decided that McGowan's term must
begin on January 3, 1C03, the date of the
expiration of the stay.
Attorney General Webb handed down
decisions In two cases yesterday. He de
cided that banks may have agencies in
any county they choose, but they- must
do business under the name of the main
concern. •
Attorney General's Decisions.
• The Holyroo* Hotel, at 820 Bush street, north
from Taylor, a five-story and ., basement brick
and frame building containing : 70 : rooms, , and
under lease for five years at,*4flo; per month;
lot S3 . '9x56 ' feet * to Cohen ; place, on the west
line or Leavenworth street,'54:6 south of. Ellia,
en which are four two-otory, houses;, lot 50: lOx
114 feet and; cottaere on 5 the' southwest '. corner
of Church, and Twenty-fourth streets,, with
four lots 25:G%xll4 feet adjoining," on' the south
side of Twenty-fourth street; southwest corner
of Mission and "Mary streets/ lot 67:6x160 feet
u> Minna, with tour frame buildinrs conta!nine
Properties will' be offered at auction by
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. oh- Tuesday, as
follows: ¦ ' .» •"
A theater will be erected in the Mis
sion on the southwest corner of Four
teenth and Valencia streets. Negotiations
for the lease of the property by the Peter
Dean Company to the Welch-Fischer
Company have Just been completed
through the agency of Shainwald, Buck
bee & Qo. The Welch-Fischer Company
will erect a structure that will seat 3000
persons. It is : intended ¦ to have a reg
ular, stock company. The construction
will begin about -November 2. There are
seven two-story buildings on the lot that
will be removed at once. . -_ y ... v
UNDER THE ; HAMMER.
Two auctions are to: take place during
the present week. G. H. Umbsen will
auction realty to-morrow and will offer
the following properties :
Lot 22x84 f est and Improvements at 770
Bush street, between Powell and Mason; lot
53x155 feet and two large dwellings at 912 ana
914 Pine street, between Mason and Taylor; lot
30x75 feet on the southwest corner of Gough
street and Ivy avenue, with two. houses, and
a cottage; lot 25x80 feet, on the. northeast cor
.ner of Ninch and Tehama- streets;^ lot 25x1 00
feet and two fiats at 3081-83 Twenty-fourth
street, between Dolores and Guerrero; lot 38: 'Jx.
156 feet, with flaU, at 134. 13tf and 138 Four
teenth street,, near. Ha ward; lot 60x100 feet on
¦ the , northeast i corner of Twelfth and Harrison
streets at partition sale; lot 25x112 feet, with
L, £Bx:J2 feet, and flats at 66 and <JS Kausch
street and CC8 Clementina street, between How
ard and Kolsom; lot 48x80 feet, with cottage,
at 3241 ' Mission ' street,, near the -Junction of
Mission and Valencia: lot 25x100 feet and
dwelling at 1004 Sanches street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth; four, build
ing lota on the north line : of > Twenty-fourth
street, between Valencia and Mission, and to
close the McMahon - estate, lot 30x100 feet, on
the east line of Central ; avenne,^ between Clay
and Washington 'streets/ and 25x90 feet on tlie
north line of Clay street, between Lycn : street
and Central avenue, subject to confirmation by
the Superior Court. . -.¦» -.'-- ¦
A 50-vara on the south line, of Geary
street, between Buchanan and Webster,
with twenty-four flats, has been sold by
Madison & Burke for Mrs. Emma G. But
ler to a client for $45,000. ' . ¦
•Chatfleld & Vlnzent report the sale of
1763 acres of grain and stock land in Yuba
County for J. R. Robson to B. W. Shar
ner for $44,075; 105 a?res northeast of Sac
ramento 105 miles for W. J. Thomeson to
M. T. Sparkes for $3500; also. 783 acres of
orchard, grain and stock land near Din
uba, Tulare County, for Z.- Y. 'Noyea to
Walter T. Rutter for $11,445; also 433
acres near Gait, Sacramento County, for
R. W. Noyes to R. B. Steiner.for $8666.
Speck & Co. report the sale of the
northwest corner of Scott and Lloyd
streets, 32:6x113:6 feet, and four flats for
Hugh Keenan to Dr. F. R. Axton for
$15,000.
Thomas Denigan has sold property on
the west line of Stockton street, 65 feet
south of O'Farrell, 27:6x82:6 feet, for 5S2,
500 to L. Guggenhime. ' ..
O. D. Baldwin & Son have- sold for
Samuel Goldstein to H. F. Woods 34:6%x
60 feet on the south line of Bush street,
103 feet east of Grant avenue, with four
story and basement structure,' occupied
as stores and lodging-house, and renting
for $225 per month. The price is $37,500.
Boardman Bros. & Co. have sold the
southwest corner of Stelner and Waller
streets,' 55x110 feet, with two! buildings
thereon, stores and five flats, renting for
$210 per. month. -The price is $28,000. The
sale was for H. A. Mayer to F. H. Wul
zer. .
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— A special to the
Record-Herald from Starke, Fla_, says:
Samuel Williams, a young white man,
was lynched at Lawtry. near here, last
night by a mob of citizens . who were
searching for Alta Williams, an \ older
brother, who is accused of maltreating
two girls. Samuel Williams refused to
divulge, the whereabouts of his brother
and was' strung up by the mob.
lands of. the buyer • and extend to Red
wood Creek. ¦
Mob String Him TJp Because He "Will
Not Reveal an Offender's
Hiding-Place.
WHITE MAN IS LYNCHED
FOR SHIELDING BROTHER
A SHOPKEEPER OF WEST j
BERKELEY WHO ENDED HIS j
LIFE WITH A BULLET.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 10.—
The varsity eleven defeated the Pensa
cola football team in a very cne-slded !
game this afternoon by the score of 34 to !
0. Only twice during the entire game did '
the Goat Island team make their distance j
on downs, and Fullback Jones was re-'
Bponeiblo for thes* gains In both In- j
stances. The ecore hardly indicates the !
comparative strength of the two teams, t
for three times Stanford relinquished easy j
chances for touchdowns in order to give |
left tackle Sprott a. chance to try for field
goals. Sprott seemed unable to locate the
goal posts accurately, although he had
three good chances, all from points inside
the thirty-yard line and one from only
fifteen yards. i
The showing made by the varsity was j
satisfactory to both -coaches and rooters!
except for th'e fumbling. Stanford f um- j
bled a half-dozen times, principally in the
becond half, after almost the entire team
had been substituted.
-Stanford played twenty-five men during
the game, carrying out Coach Lanagan's
intention of playing at least twenty- three j
men in every preliminary game. George j
Clark '04. who played a star game at
right end last season, played his first
game of this season' to-day, showing up in
varsity form. Of the eight men that
played halves and fullback for Stanford !
to-day it would be hard to pick out any
one man as the star— all played hard,
consistent and, at times, brilliant ball.
Jones, fullback, and Left End McKee of
the Pensacola team put up the best game j
for the Goat Island players.
Stanford's first touchdown was made In
less than three minutes of play, the ball
being taken over the line by Paul Tarpey ;
after a thirty-yard run. Five points of !
the thirty-four were made by "Savage"
Dole on a drop kick from the twenty
yard line.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford. Positions. Pensacola.
Clark. Smith.
Buttcrfteld L. E. R. Walker
Sprott. Monzinzo L. T. R Melville;
Thompson. ,
Frederickson L. O. R AcufS I
Hauverman Center ...Hull;
Hyde. Jacobs, j
Lachmund R. O. L..Bache, Stewart i
Stlllnmn, Shields.... R. T. L ..Tople '
•Preston, Stevens .... R. E. L McKee I
Bausbe.cn (captain). :
Lutserding Quarter Dars I
"Savace" Dole. " . • ¦ t
Hyde. U H. R .McClure !
P. Tarpey. V. Tarpe I
Chandler R. H. L Glenn j
Scholfleld. . ;
Chalmers, Shine... Fullback ..Jones (capt.) j
Umpire — Elake; linesmen — McGilvray, Ste- j
phenson. ' j
Sided Game at the Uni
versity.
STANEOED A VICTOR
OVER THE PENSACOLAS
Varsity Eleven Succeeds in a One-
AMHEBST ADMINISTERS
DEFEAT TO HARVARD
Yost's Michigan Team BunsTJp a
Score of 79 to O Against
Beloit.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 10.— Amherst's
readiness In taking advantage of Har
vard's inability to hold the ball enabled
h«r to defeat Harvard, 5 to 0. Amherst
failed to kick the goal. The game was
played in a rainstorm. In rush Amherst
was outplayed. Harvard played a faster
game and showed to advantage both on
the offensive and the defensive, but
fumbled wretchedly. The touchdown was
made when Harvard had attempted a
quarterback kick from her ten-yard line,
which AmherBt blocked and Coggswell
dropped on the ball, pushing it acroes the
line for a touchdown.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 10.— Tale
and the Springfield (Mass.) Young Men's
Christian Association Training School
elevens played a sensational football
game on Tale field to-day that erfded
with a score of 22 to 0 in favor of Tale.
For a considerable part of the game,
however. Springfield plowed through the
Yale line and seriously shook up the vet
eran Yale eleven. Far better than the
score Indicates did they play and Yale
was more thoroughly tried out, both as
to attack and defense, than In any other
game of the season.
PROVIDENCE. R. I.; Oct. 10.— In a
drizzling rain Princeton defeated Brown,
29 to 0. this afternoon. Princeton's play
ers outweighed the local men greatly, but
Brown put a stiff fight.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., OcU-10.—Univer
sity of Michigan 79, Beloit 0.,
MINNEAPOLIS, . Oct. 10.— Minnesota 46,
Ames 0. .' o ;
/MADISON, "Wls., Oct. 10.— Wisconsin 40,
Lawrence University 0. I >¦
ITHACA. N. Y.. Oct. 10.— Cornell 12, Col
gate 0.
HANOVER, N.. H.. Oct. 10.— Dartmouth
34, Union 0.
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— Columbia 5, Wil
llanis 0.
CHICAGO, Oct. 10.— Chicago' University
22. Purdue 0.
CHAMPAIGN. 111.. Oct. 10.— University
of Illinois 61. Rush Medical College 0.
ANNAPOLIS, OcC 10.— Navy 6, Vir
ginia 5.
COLUMBUS, Oct. 10.— Ohio State Uni
versity 21, • Denison B. . *
LAWRENCE, Kans., Oct. 10.—Univer
sity of Kansas 12. State Normal School 0.
BRUNSWICK, Me., Oct. 10.— Phillips
(Exeter) IS. Bowdoin 0.
MIDDLETOWN, Conn.. Oct. 10.— Holy
Cross 11. Wesleyan 0.
LANCASTER, Pa.. Oct. 10.— Carlisle 30,
FVanklin and Marshall 0. .
SOUTH BETHLEHEM, Oct. 10.— Leblgh
41. Ursinus 0.
ST. • LOUIS. Oct. 10.— Washington 0,
Northwestern £3. .
DENVER. Oct. 10.— Nebraska 10, Denver
University 0. . . '
J. Johnson to G. Talert. lot on east line of
Maeon street, north . of Filbert. 25x57 •« feet,
improvements, three? flats, $8000: E. Kahman
lo William Lafrenz, lot on southwest corner of
rtne and Broderlck street^ 20x100 feet lm
•provements two-story house, price $6400- O F
ven Rheln to Edward Downing. ' lot
on oorncr of O'Farrell and Laruna
etreeta. 40x100 feet. price $9500: lot
on north line of Taylor -^terrace, east of
Taylor street, 45x45. two flats, price $2000- lot
on southwest' corner of Octavla and Filbert
streets, 27:6x100 feet. Thomas Taylor to P
Deirartlni. $2500; lot on W line of Jones street'
south of Pine, 22:11x68:0 feet. C. B. Elliot to
C. A. Meassdorfier, mice $7250; . lot on north
line cf Fell street, east of Devlsadero 25x
,137:« feet, Ailc« Armstronc to E. Butler, price
£<000: lot on south line of Beulah street, east
•of Etanyan, 25x127:8 feet. H. J. .Cole 'to "C.
iftecsFdorff er. >21.V>: lot on south Una of Al
varado street, west of Sanchez," 50x114 feet,
Hot*rt Fltxrtralfl U» Eucene F.' O'Connor,
price SWi: lot on west line of Larkin street,
north of Green. 27x137:6 feet. Improvements
cottage, A. Lauterbach to A. Chichi zola, for
JC3375: lot on north line of Broadway, east of
Powell street 2CxA0 feet, with improvements.
17500. J. Sartor to B. Becaai; lot on 'south
William Ede Company to Moses Fisher four
lots. 25 feet by various depths, east lin- of
«'£*f lr ?t l> 123 'J™? 1 ct 11 " 1 . *s a whole.
&>&«>; Thoir.«s Beale to Chris Heinz, lot 27-0
*n:i:6 feet, north line of Jackson street, 192 : 0
• eft of Hyde. $4000: lUomas Seale to Mrs
California Newton, lot 27:6x137:0 feet, north
I7*"wv Of «i* ck * 0n rtre * t « W7:« west of Hyde.
$4000; Thomas Seale to J. R. Savory, lot 27 6
XI!. :0 feet, north line of Jackson street, 247 : 6
west of Hyde, »40W; Thomas Seale to Frank
H. Burke, lot 27:0x137:8 feet, north lin? of
Jackson street. 165 west of Hyde »40O<>-
Thomas Secie to J. M. Kepner. lot 27-6x137 6
fi-et^ north llr.e of Jackson street, 220 west of
Hyde, $4000; HibernU Savings and Loan So
edety to Charles E. Goss. lot 25x35 feet, south
line cf Thirteenth street. C5:8 west of Wood-
r n *M e \>- 3^. |2 ? 00; Mar R aret L - Henry Estate
to M. Perpoll. Improvements at,24H4 Mission
street and lot 24x90. west line, 1B3 north of
Twenty-first, J47SO; 8. Fossum Estate to J
Jtyan. northeast corner of Michigan and Slerri
streets. 50x100 feet, $«OoO; C. P Baushm^J
t > William Carroll. Improvements at Nos? 443-5
Fillmore street and lot 25x100 feet, for $5500-
Harriett Goslln* to A. Seidkin. improvements
•t S»17 CalJfornla street and lot 23:0x64 S ffeet*
»*.T«h line. 82:1W east of Second avenue, for
f-J50<>; H. C. Gump to John Nowlln. lot 75x01
north line of Halffht street. 63 east of Fillmore'
I12.OC0; T. Cook and wife to Augn.ta E ria nd :
•on. Improvements at 607 Florida street and
lit 25x100 feet, east line, 110 uouth of Twentv
rtrEt, *2S>00: Spencer Buckbee to J. C. CTMallcy
lot en «outl» line of Clay street. 200 west of
frruce. 25x127:6%. for $2500.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
.reports the following sales: .
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report among oth
ers the following recent sales;
MHT0B PEOPEETIES.
Mr». Ceorrle E. Mayh«w to Nathan DImcnd.
three flats and lot. 25:10x120. south side of
I'osi street. 16O feet east of Lamina, for $15,
ixK>: Jacob Goidberr from Mrs. Clara H. Mar
t'n, lot 40x127 :H\i. south side of Jackson
Etroet 50 feet east of Octavia, $7250: Mrs.
Elizabeth S. Martin. *C150 for two flats on the
test fide of Btejner street. 125 north of Sut
ter. lot 25x110; Peter ThoJe from Fernanda
Nelson, cottare and lot. 25x114. on the north
5 < iL£ wentr " flfth «reet. 240 feet west ot
An important tale has been effected by
Lyoa & Hoag for the entire "Western Ad
dition block No. &3, bounded by Haight,
Page and Ashbury streets and Masonic
avenue, at a price approximating $105,
d». The seller was Mrs. Veronica C.
Baird. who has owned the property for a
great many years. The purchaser is the
Realty Improvement Company. It Is the
Intention of the buyers to offer the* lots
in subdivisions at once. There are thirty
seven lots in the block, and they will be
ufTtred on easy terms and probably at
auction some time the latter part of this
month. This is one of the most Import
ant sales of vacant property that has tak
en place for pome time. The property is
rurrounded on all sides by a high class
of improvements and the streets sur
rounding the block are all bltuminlzed.
and there are car lines on three of the
streets. The earae brokers -have also sold
the following mentioned properties:
"'Sev*>riil tenants have been figuring on
leasing this ground for twenty years,
among whom is a furniture house, also
an Eastern concern whose business for
the jrcsent Is withheld, and a theater
project, but as yet nothing has been
dosed. If the theater people take the
lT.iltrt> the Improvements would consist
of a modern theater building to cost
J150.r00 t and not $700,000. as announced."
The purchasers of the northwest cor
ner of Sixth and Jessie streets, size 75xS0
foet, mention of which sale was made
Lift Week, are Frederick, Albert and Ben
jamin Baruch, Guatemala merchants,
uith offices in the city, and also owners
cf the Winchester Hotel, corner of Third
end Stevenson streets, who contemplate
the erection of a similar seven or eight
Ftory structure on their new locality In
the near future.
Through the agency of the Burnham
<fc Marsh Company negotiations have been
in progress for a lease of 100x137:6 feet
on the south line of Geary street, 137:6
feet west from Powell street. Mr. Marsh
says that a publication in a morning: pa
per relative to this property was erron
eous, and he makes the following state
ment o; the facts:
BIG DEAL IN VIEW.
John D. Griffin to F. K. Houston and Louis
Fried lander, lot and improvements on the
»outh line of Putter street l"7:0 feet ewt of
I'o.k. lot 27:Cxl20 feet, for $1(5,000; J. P. De
vine to Wiiliam I. Carllan. lot and Improve
ments on the «r>uth line of Turk Ftnet 192 '6
fwt Wfit of Pierce. Jot 27:6x120 feet for
$WX): Mrs. A. Ebberhart to E. Flaherty. 1330
Alabama street, east line, between Twenty
fifth and Twer.ty-Pixth. lot 25x100 feet, store
and fiat, for $2Cno
A number of large and a multitude of
emailtr properties have been sold during
the last! week In this city by the realty
brokers. The largest individual sale ac
complished was that of the Lachman &
Jacob! property to Marion Leventritt. The
land Is 160xo90 feet on the southeast cor
m-r of Second and Bryant streets, run
ning through to Federal street: also a lot
on Federal street 62:6x80 feet in size. The
improvements consist of a three-story
and basement brick building on the south
east corner of Second aad Bryant stre-rls
and cooperate shops on Bryant street.
Th«- price reported is J250.000.
Bovee. Toy & Co. have purchased for
a client from the United Realty Com
pany for 1103,000 a lot 30x1*) feet on the
northwest line of Mission street, 273 feet
northeast of Fouith street, with improve
ments consisting: of a new five-story and
Uisament brick bui'.dlng, which is leased
for five years at J7S00 per annum. Bovee,
Toy & Co. have also sold the Berkshire
Hotel property, on the wept line of Jones
*tre»>t_ 6S:9 feet north of Post street, ths
!ct being: 83:5x137:6 feet, with an L of 12x55
fret. The seller is Mis. Emily B. Hop
kins. The purchasers are Louis Friedlan
d<^r and others. The price was JS5.000.
Additional sales have been made by Bo
r«. Toy & Co. as follows:
Two modern flats on the northerly lln* of
Pom street. 35 feet rwt of Ooagh. lot 31:Sx
O:». for $12.0O«»: rerldence on the south line
of Oroadway. 155 feet west of Lacuna lot 43x
1^0 feet, for $H.n<i0 : lot and Improvements on
tie «outh line of Stevenson street, 255 feet
• art of Fourth. 2UxS0 feet, for fSOCO: residence
on the north line of Washington street. 114
ftet east of Steiner. let 23:3xl27:SVi. for $7200;
r»-Fi<iene* on the north line cf Nineto-enth
street. ICO feet ea*t of Valencia, lot £3xS5
feet, for $J2M; three flats on the v.-est line of
Brady street. 75 feet south of Colton. 25rH9
feet, for $4250; the northwest corner of Lake
t-treet and Twrritieth avenue. B7:telOO fett. for
$2(**>. and lot on the east line of Eighteenth
flvtr.ue. 175 ffet north of Lake street. 43x120
fret, for $1751).
Eastcn. Eldridce & Co. report the fol
lowing sales for the week:
Justice Terp*nlng was in town until
about 3 o'clock last night, when he left
for his horn*, taking his accustomed route
along the railway tracks. Several persons
saw him start for home. He limped
slightly from rheumatism and used a
cane. The Coroner's jury returned a ver
dict of death from being struck by a
train. .The funeral will be held at Milan
to-morrow. Terpenlng was a widower
and leaves one son.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. 10.— Mystery
currounds the death of W. H. Terpenlns,
Justice of the Peace at Elk, Wash., whose
remains were found lying near the Great
Northern Railway tracks at an early
hour this morning.
A. deep gash in the side of the head
seemed to indicate that the man had
been struck by a railway train, but there
are rumors of highway robbery, and
friends of the -Justice believe he was
killed by thuss and his body laid with his
head upon the rail. No money was fcund
on the corpse this morning. • which
strengthens the robbery theory. Two
weeks ago a man was held up at the
same swot and robbed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The negro, who had previously confessed
to the murder and defended Mr3. Koss,
now claims that she and not he killed
Mrs. L^roy.
At tbe close of the testimony Robinson,
the couriHcl for the defendant, a.skfd that
she be discharged on the ground that the
testimony given proved that the accused
woman d!d all in her power. Ireely and
without any hope of clemency to herself,
to disclose the crime and bring the guiity
person to justice.
Mrs. Ross' being held to answer oa a
murder.charge is due to testimony given
by Waikirez and certain letters she wrote
to him that were intercepted by the po
lice. •
Annie Ross, the white consort of Victor
Walkirez. the negro who Is 'now serving
a life sentence in San Quentin prison for
the killing of aged Mrs. Leroy, was to
day held to answer before the Superior
Court to a charge of murder.
The preliminary examination of the
woman wns completed this morning be
fore Judse Samuels.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Eroadway, Oct. 10.
One Deal cf Last; Week Re
ported to Be for Even
$250,000.
Body I Pound on a Railroad
Track and Murder Is
Suspected.
Judge Samuels Binds Negro's
Mistress Oysr to the
Grand Jury.
Transaction?, Large and
Small Combined, To
tal Well.
Mrs. Annie Ross, Con
sort of Walkirez, Will
Be Tried.
Strange Passing of Of
ficial in a Washing
ton Town.
J. Allen McDonald, Seeing No Hope of Win
ning Affections of Girl He Longed For,
Wills Her Money, and Shoots. Himself
NUMEROUS SALES
OF GOOD REALTY
MYSTERY VEILS
JUSTICE'S DEATH
MUST ANSWER
MURDER CHARGE
LOVE-LORN SHOPKEEPER
PUTS END TO HI S LIFE
THE SAN.: FKANCISCO CAIiLi SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903.
38
@ 1 1 1 n— — —^-g^'^^^^ 83 :^==
! FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
9 f
©
e
1 DEBUTANTE.
e ,
2 TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL
§ THE CALLTHE COAST RECORD.
t c'f o^- «.» 2
1 II u i H - 1
r ? % - ? ?
California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty will cive a ball In Golden Gate
Hail to-morrow evening; The committee
in' charge has prepared an excellent pro
gramme of dances, which will follow the
grand march to be' started at 8:30 o'clock.
Daughters cf Liberty.
The case of Hugo V. Schlam.' composer
and music dealer of. New York, formerly
of this city, who is accused' by Alfred
Roncovieri. School Director and compos
er, with embezzling the score of his
march, "Pro Patrla." has been dragging
along in Police Judge Mogan's court for
several days. Yesterday Schiam averred
that the last sixteen bars of the march
were deficient, and to prove his assertion
he trilled the bars In a powerful bary
tone voice, to the thorough enjoyment of
the Judge and spectators. He claimed
he was holding the manuscript of the
march for moneys he had expended. The
case will be argued next Saturday. There
is a civil suit also pending.
Schlam Trills a Few Ban.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10.— CATTLE— P.ecelpU..O0O.
Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery, I3H@20c; dairy.
14@lSc; eggs, steady, lS®19c; cheese, steady,
ll^ll^c. ;
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,400 16,800
Wheat, bushels lofi.300" - -£,11.800
Corn, bushels 302,400 .. SOT.OOO
Oats, bushels 261, OOO 131,700
Rye, bushels ;«»;»*t»'.«T*- 0.000 ¦. ; :. 2,300
Barley, bushels ........ .'. . .104,800 S.OO'J
Cash cuotations were as follows:
No 3 spring wheat, 79<J?79*$c; No. 2 red,
79^4$iSl J ,4c; No. 2 corn, •45?lc; No. 2 yellow.
47«lc; No. 2 oats. 38%c; No. 3 white, 37%@
:i!)c: No. 2 rye, D3%©54c; gocd feeding barley,
43tI43c: fair to choice malting. 47©58c: No. 1
flaxseed, 94c; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 02: prime
timothy Beed. $2 SO: mess pork, per bbl, $11®
11 12%; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 07^4: short ribs
sides noose). $8 25@8 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). *0 50^0 73; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 2.V/S DO; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 24;
clover, contract grade, $11 23®11 35.
Meat Market.
All kinds are In ample supply and quotations
¦how nocnanse. ,¦•¦*.¦ --' —
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a« follows :«'¦¦¦* • - • '
-¦-¦ BEEF — 8©7<s ; for Steers and 5©6%c < per lb
for COWS. • -' '¦•: : '•'¦ :'.'":" ¦ . - ,
. VEAL — Large, 6tt<@Sc ; wnalLj^ S®10c per
pound. -^SSMBBsjsjBg^^S
,. MUTTON— Wethers, 7%©Sc; Ewes, *7®7tfc
per-pound. • ¦ -. • ¦ •¦ • -¦ . . • •
Trad"! in vegetables was fair and receipts
of most kinds were moderate. Tomatoes
were the I most plentiful and prices were, un
changed. The regular trade purchased freely
at ; 30(530c, and as dealers were anxious to
clean up, canneis secured most of the surplus
stock at the minimum quotation. Choice Wax
and Lima Beani were in good request at steady
rates,, while String were dull, with supplies
large. . (Supplies of Green Peppers and - Okra
were . slender, and prices ranged higher, whilo
Bummer Squash " was lower under excessive
supplies. • ¦:'¦ • '¦.'•¦ ¦,' •'-.'-¦-<•-•
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 600
75c per cU: Salinas Burbanks, 81 25@1 40 per
ctl: . Oregon ' Burbanka." 75DS5c' per- ctl; River
Reds S0i&90c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 50
per ctl for Merced and $1 25 for Stockton.
ONIONS— C0@85c per ctl. , ,
-VEGETABLES — Green Corn, COc@$l : per
Vack or "crate: Green Peas. 2<f?3o per lb; Str.r.g
Beans. 1%<»2»4c. per lb: Wax,i 2V4«Mc: Lima
Deans. ¦' 304c ; i>er lb : Tomatoes. ~ 25©50c - per
box; Summer , Squash, 25@40c . per box; * .Cab-'
bage. -60c percti; Carrots.- 75c per sack;-Cu
cumbers," 40®50c 'per box: Garlic,. 2®-3o
per lb ; Green "« Peppers. 35550c per >. box - for
Chile and 504?75c for Bell: Green Okra, 50©
Conditions . in the Potato market . stood ex
actly the .same as at the beginning of the
week. Fancy Salinas were steady under a
fair local Inquiry, while river and j Oregon
Burbank3 were quiet with supplies excessive.
Sweet Potstoes were steady and unchanged.
A carload came In from Merced, but did not
clean up. having arrived too late for the regu
lar trade.' , Good Onions were in light supply
and fancy, stock sold off well at the top quota
tion. - : S£^(^^<^)nM|MM{H r w>ip4»tnrimMS
Potatocs, Onions and Vegetables.
Itcin has fallen from Point Conception rorth
•***£¦ Squally weather. In reporte.1 in Nevada
«in<! rp.ln has fallen eastward as far as Salt
Lake City. No rain has. yet -fallen In the
southern rnd of the San Joaquin Valley.
Light WirihTwt winds pre%ail from the
Fxralionfs to j'oir.t Keyes. The following high
winds are re«ert«l; Winretnueea, 32 miles
per -bour from the west; Ealt Late, SO. south-
XOItECAST.
The rrefsure has rii«en rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. From Cape
Mendr>cino to Ca;>e Elanco there has been a
rls« of .04 of an ind» during the pa«t twelve
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
I?.-..ter 29.90 54 40 3 Cloudy .10
? arson 30.00 M 52 H Cloudy .01
Eureka 30.36 G2 .. N Clcudy .40
F&rsukn .. ..30.10 Of CO NW Cloudy .14
rrrsno ...SO. "4 70 54 NW Clecr .OO
Plasutaflt .2?.*2 Cl 32 FW Clear .00
Independence ¦?¦>¦ M 78 50 NW Clear .00
Los Ar.geles... »».••< 70 56 "W Clear .00
Mt TasialpaJfc.ru. H S3 47 NW Pt.CMy .C2
KcrUi Hta-l.. £•.*.(>; M K2 W Cloudy .50
I'hocn'.x 29. tin SS M NW Clear .00
Pccfttcilo •Xt.'J* CS 43 W Hain Tr.
Portland 23.04 6S £2 W Cloudy .2(1
Point I try t». .30.05 fil 5fi NW Clear '.02
Itcd Bluff .V>.<« <U R6 FB Cloudy .04
Itottlmrz 50.10 C2 M £W Cloudy .04
Sacramento . ..1«.<jS C4 CS PV. Cloudy Tr.
Fult Lake 21«.S4 CS Cut FV/ Tain Tr.
i-zn Franciisco.30.12 «4 SS VT I't.Cldy .14
B. L. Obiepo. .30.10 70 54 W Clear .02
Pan Diego 29.S8 CH C2 NV7 Clear .O<»
Seattle 23. S4 M £0 S Cloudy .58
Fiv.ks.ne 29. S2 00 4* fin Cloudy .fs9
Tatooeh 29. H2 ZA 43 SW Cloudy .82
Walla Walla.. 23. *4 CA 48 S Cloudy .20
Wlnnemucca .23.98 DO 44 W Rain .01
Vum 23. K0 00 M SW Clear .00
Previous conditions rule. Wool Is moving off
falrlv, Hides are easy and Hops are rather
weak and quiet at the decline already noted.
HIDKeS AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium. .8%o; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c- Salted Klo, 8%c; Salted Veal, 9%c:
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides. 15@15%c: dry Kip,
13c* dry Calf. 17c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 23©
¦50c' each: short wool. 40® 50c each; medium, 7o
©90c: -long wool, $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides,
•alt $2 75 for large and fZffJt 50 for medium,
$1 23®1 ?5 for small and 50a for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 "5 for large and $1 50 for me
dium $1<8>1 23 for small and OOa • for Colts
Buck' Skins— Dry Mexican. • 32%c: dry salted
Mexican. 28c: dry Central American, }2%c
Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 1 75c; large and
smooth, 60c r medium, 33c: small, 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@4%o per !b;
No 2, 4@4Vic; grease. 2%&3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San t Joaquin * Lambs', 90
12c- 'Foothill, 10012c: Middle County, 11313s.
Quotations, for spring -clip are k as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino. 18«20c; Nevada. 13
015c; Valley Oregon, fine. 18019c; do medium,
17018c: do. coarse.' 16ifiJl7c per lb. ,
HOP g_2K924c per lb for California and 21©
24c for Oregon. •'
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 40
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert .'. ID £0
Aztec 80 .....
California Standard 11 , 12
Caribou 1 02% 1 10
¦ Central Point Con 65 ..;;-. "';i
Chlcago Crude 21
Claremont 25 35
Esperanza 125
Four 68 69
Fulton 3 00
Giant 20
Hanford 135 00 145 00
Home 97% 1 CO
Imperial IS 00
Independence ".. 17 is
Junction 20
Kern • .;...'-' 5 23
Kern River 11 CO IB 00
Lion:. 0.1 04
Monarch of Arizona 50 51
Monte Crtsto 75 77%
Occidental of W Va... 17 . IS -
Oil City Petroleum 29 31
Peerless 13 50 U 00
Pittsburgh................... 23
Re^d Crude SS 4\
8 F 4 McKlttrick 2 75 -
San Joaquln O & D.. 5 25 .....
Senatcr v 68 75
Sovereign .'.... • 40
Sterling ..;..;.. '....: 280 3 Ort
Superior 08 '07
Thirty-three 8 CO
Toltec .....•:.............. 21 .....
Twenty-eight 4 50 .....
West Shore 2 90 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 65
Alameda „ Sugar ......; 29 00
American Biscuit ;..:........ 83 00 85 CO
American District Tel .....
! Cal Gan &' Electric Corp....:?.,.L3SB......BJ
California Cotton Mills .88 00 95 OO
California Jockey Club 105 CO
California Shipping Co. . 25 PO
Cal Title Ins:& Trust Co.. .130 00. 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00 .....
Chutes, Company 8 23 ', ":.... \
Cypre»* Lawn Imp Co..:;... ;.."¦..'.'¦ T 80 •
Calif or n ia Stock and O il Exchange
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 78% 79% 78% 79%
May 78% 79% 78% 791i
Corn No. 2 —
October 44% 45% 44% 45%
December 45% 4Sy, 45 45%
May 44% 44% 44 44%
Oats No. 2 —
October .... .... 37%
December 37% 88** 37% S8%
May 87% S5% 87% 38%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October... .... .... 10 00
January .......11 90 1195 1185 1105
December 12 10 12 12% 12 00 12 10
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October 6 75 6 75 0 62% 0 67%
December .....6 62% 6 62% 6 60 0 60
January. 0 C2% 6 67% 6 60 6 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — .>.
October 8 60 8 60 8 65 8 55
January ....... 6 35 ; fl 4!) 6 85 0 40
May ....6 40 6 45 0 40 0 45
Besns continue weak, under liberal arrivals
of new crop, with Llmas the weakest sort, and
still lower quotations arc expected during the
coming week. There Is no change In Seeds.
BEANS — Bayoa, $2 35(g2 CO: Pea. $3 25;
Butters, nominal: small White, $3®3 15; large
White, $2 25<02 65; Pink, $2 40@2 50; Red,
$2 90®3; Lima. $3@3 20; Red Kidneys,
$4@4 25; Black-eye, $2 6062 65 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 40©l 50. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow,
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $170@l SO; Canary.
5S3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape,
1%©2%c: Timothy, 6®«%c: Hemp, 3i',^«.c
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@
23 r er ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0®2 per Ctl.
Bcz:is-and Seeds.
Chicago was firm, but .the market was a
dragging one. There was no change here.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c.per tb for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
15 %c for extra light, 18%c for suKar-cured and
19c for extra BUgar-cured: Eastern ¦ sugar
cured Hams. 15%c@15?;c; California Hams. 15
iv?l. r >V«c; Mess Beef, $11 50 pet bbl: extra Mess,
$12012 50; Family, $13$il3 50; prime Mess
Pork, $19; extra clear. $25; Mess. $20; . Dry
Salted Pork. 12%c: Pig Pork, $2S; Pigs' Feet,
$5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
VLARD — Tierces quoted at* 7%c per lb for
compound and 9&C for" pure; half barrels,
pure, lOVlc: 10-lb tins, lie; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins, ll%c. . .
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 9%c: three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
914c; fiv« tierces, 8%c per lb
Provisions.
fl20tb Meridian— Pacific Tims.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 10—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the earae date
last season, and the rainfall In the lact twen
ty-four hours: _
Lc»t This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
T^reka 0.78 3.17 .44
Red Bluff O.f>4 .44 Trace
Sacramento . Trace .12 • Trace
Fan Francisco.. 0.13 .17 Trace
Tresno O.O3 0.00 Trace
lriderender.ee .. 0.00 Trace .30
Saa Luis Oblspo 0.02 .O2 Trace
Los Acgeles ... 0.00 .43 Trace
gan Diego 0.0» .00 .'32
Weather Report
There Is no change to report. The hay
market continues in good shape for sellers, and
feedstuffs rule firm with light offerings.
BRAN— $21 60«?22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 50® 28 per ton.
SHORTS— $21 50JT22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $2t®25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26^26 50; job
bing, $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal. $32 50033; Cracked Corn, $33@33 50;
Mixed Feed. $22 30@23 50; Horse Beans, $23830
per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $13(816. with sales of extra
choice at $16 50; Wheat and Oat, $12 SO£p
15 00; Oat. $12 50@14 00; Wild Oat. $11 5&8>
12 50; Barley, $10@12 60; Stock, $9@10; Alfal
fa $10'!? 11 50 per ton. -
STRAW— 40® C5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 603
4 S6, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50® 4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for famtly and $3 90(34 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $8 25; Rye Meal. »3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4: Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 23; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 CO; In sacks, $6 73&S 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. : r ¦:' r, ;
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. Oct. 10. — There was a good gen
eral demand for wheat throughout and prices
showed good gains. The opening was firm on
the higher prices in foreign markets, due to
the uncertainty in regard to the trouble In th»
Orient. December being %c to %c higher at
78%©7S%c. One of the prominent bull opera
tors was an early buyer and there was also
buying of Northwestern houses, which carried
the prices Ftill higher. December advancing to
"'.'^T'.Hsc. Local traders took advantage of the
better prices to sell, influenced by the excel
lent weather, and the market eased off with
December selling down to 78%c.
Toward the noon hour prices again started
upward on a strong cash demand and the mar
ket continued strong the remainder of the ses
sion. After iellinur up to 78%c December closed
with a gain of %@%c at 79%!^79Uc.
• An easier tone prevailed in the corn pit early
In the day, due to selling by scalpers on fa
vorable weather and Bradstreet's annual re
port making an estimate of this year's crop
of two and a quarter billion bushels, with the
quality superior to last' year. Later the mar
ket advanced on the bull excitement In oats,
local traders buying freely on the upturn. De
cember closed with a gain of %@%c, after
ranging between 45c and 45$ic.
An improvement In the cash situation caused
a sudden upturn in oats, while trading was the
liveliest of any of the pits. Leading houses
were active on the buying side, and the energy
they displayed caused shorts to become thor
oughly frightened and the demand was aug
mented largely by covering by these people. Of
ferings were ecattered. December ranged be
tween 37%c and 3S%c and closed l%©l!ic
higher at 38%c.
The weakness In October lard, the only weak
feature In the provisions market, was duo to
lack of support. There was fair local buying
of January products, based on an advance of
Ofi'lOc in prices for hogs, and pork and lard
closed 10c higher. January ribs were up 0@
7%c. " •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
RAISINS — Following are opening prices free
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; Dehesa clusters,
$2 50: fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers, $1 65; 2-crown London Layers, $1 43; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels,. 6%Q7c per
lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels, 6<40
6%c; 2-crown standard Muscatels. G#6^c;
Seedless Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Muscateis,
floated, 5 Vic: Seedless standard Sultanas, 5c;
¦Thompson Seedleea standard, 6c. The follow
ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy, 16 ounces per lb, 7%c;
fancy, 12 ounces per package, ti%c; choice, 16
ounceB per lb, 7%c; choice, 12 ounces per pack
age. CUc: fancy, bulk, per lb, 7%c; choice,
bulk, per lb, 714c
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%c; No.
2,-ll%c; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils, 10%c for I X L.
lOViC for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. «®7c for Eastern; Pecans. II©
13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50g5: California Chestnuts,
10®12%c for small and 15@17%c per lb for
large. '¦¦-¦¦•
HONEY — Comb, new, 12%©13%c for white
and 9@ lie for amber; new water white ex
tracted,t5%@6%c; light amber extracted, 3c;
dark, 3%@^%c
BEESWAX-27@20c.
There is no change to report. Fruits. Nuls
and Raisins ruling firm, with a good demand.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 7#0%c for KoyaW
and 9@llc for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples,
4%(gUc; eun-dried,, 3%@4c; Peaches, .3©7c:
Pears, C@10c; Nectarines, 4@5%c: Figs, white.
4@4%c in boxes; Plums, pitted, 5@8c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%63Kc for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
FLOW OF BIVEHS.
Ths following tables give a comparatlr*
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubio fe«t p«r
second, ©r second feet, one second foot equal
ing 60 California miner's inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's inches. The figures for to*
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are- by J. B. Lippincott.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey;
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
September 27 16 13
September 28 1* **
September 29 1« J«
September 30 1« a }*>
October 1 15 }»
October 2 15 M
October 3 .••• 14 IS
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
" Second Feet.
1902. l*MXi.
September 27 53
September 2S W ••
September TJ Sj» ••
September 30 *> . .
October 1 -5 ••
October 2 «j» ..^
October 3 *5 ••
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
September 27 230 230
September 2S =50 23O
September 29 230 230
September 30 23O 2>j
October 1- =5° 5
Octobers 230 320
October 3 230 320
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
Second Feet.
PATK we. -I55T
September 27. 5000 4SC0
September 28 «>CO 4.S0O
September 29 3000 3000
September 3O.\ 5000 SOnO
October 1 50:W 52.'O
October 2 5CCO 022O
October 3 500Q | SZ.'O
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 3% 6 4%
Closing 6 3% 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 15 20 So
Closing 2125 20 90
Flour* —
Opening 29 63 28 15
Closing 29 83 ' 28 20
Foreign Futures.
Colehan M Co — 19 Pine Grove; ..83 89
Esperanza. ... 01 02 Rescue M Co. — 10
Hannapah ... — 14 T & Cal — 25
MacNamara . 14 16 Ton & Q W. £ 1 04
Mlzpah Extn. — 52 Ton N Star.. S2 33
Mont Ton ... 96 1 OOTon Midway.. 23 Vi
Paymaster .. — 20. United Ton... — 15
SATURDAY, Oct. 10—12 m.
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask.
Alta 03 04 Julia 0« 07
Alpha 07 OS Kentuck 01 02
Andes 10 20 Keyes 9« —
Belcher 17 19 Lady Washtn — 04
Best & Bech.l 23 1 60 Mexican 1 OO 1 05
Bullion 0» 09 Overman 22 23
Con Cal & Val 30 1 35 Ophlr 1 50 1 65
Chollar 22 23 Occidental ... 23 2»
Confidence ... 73 7* Potosl 23 23
Caledonia 90 02Seg Belcher . 08 07
Crown Point. 19 21 (Sierra Nev ..51 53
Challenge SO 32?avage 24 2«
C New York. 18 — |Scorplon 03 04
Exchequer .. 13 15!St Louis .... 1<> —
Eureka Con.. — 40 Silver Hill ... 57 50
Gould & Cur. 20 22 Syndicate ... 04 OH
Hale & Nor.. 53 eojUtah 20 23
Imperial 02 Oslunion 62 «3
justice 07 r^Tel Jacket ..43 *j
TONOPA*!' MINES.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — |4s qr (new). — —
4s qr reg — — U<s qr coup.. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 5s.. — 112V*
Bay CPC 5s.l03%104',i Do con 5s.lO3 —
Cal C G 5s. 103% — O W C K Es. — . —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s 75 79
m & ct Cs. — 102% Om C R Cs.121%122%
Cal-st Cs ... — — Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C Wat Rs. — 102 P E Ry 5s. — 110%
E L & P 6s.l25 130 P & C H 6a. — —
F & C H Gs. — 116% P & O R 6a. — —
Geary-st 5s. 45 — Powel-st 6s.. — 114
HC & S 5%sl01 — S E O&R 6s. — 103
H C & S 5s. 98%101 SF & SJVSs. — 118
Hon R T Cs.106 — S R of C 6s.ll2U _
L A. Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A 0s
L A Ry 5s..lll%U3% (1909) ....107% —
L A L Co Cs — — (1910) 108% —
Do gtd Cs. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 53.102 — (19O6)Sr A.102 —
LAP lem 5s. — 102% (19O5)Sr B.1(C!9J —
Mkt-st C es.US — (1906) ....104% —
Do lem 5s — 116 (1912) — —
NRR of C 6stO7 — SPC 1 eg 6s. — 119
. Do 5s .... — 117 Do stmpd.lOSVi —
N P C R as. — 10SJ4 S P B R 6s. — 138
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V Wat 6s.lO5% —
N C P C 5s. 100 101 Do 4s 2dm. 99%100
N S R 59... 100 - — - Do <s 3dm. 99% —
O G L H 5s. — — Stkn G&E »Js 98 —
O T Co 6s.. 119 121 V O & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 50 I Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co ... 61 — |Sp V W Co. 40% 41 K
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4% Sac E G & R — —
Eqult Gas .. 4% ?% S F G &. E. 68 —
Mutual E L. 11% — S F Gas ... 3 —
Pac G Imp.. 52 53% Stock G & E 5 —
Pac Lighting 54 — UGiE..— —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. Co 66%l .'. rjfcV 1
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 330 [
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 127 L P & A.... — 187%
Anglo-Cal .. — 95 Mer Trust ..225 —
Bank of Cal.475 490 Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. 140 160 S F Natlonl. — — .
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — Sav & L Soc 95 103
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.40O 5UO
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U..500 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.190 203 iPresldio .... — 41&
Geary — 80 1
POWDER.
Giant 65 GO |Vigorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 10c 20c Kilauea S C. — 6%
Hawaiian C. 45% — Makawell C. 21 —
Honokaa S C 12% 13% Onomea S C — 33
Hutch SPC 10% 11% Paauhau S C — 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 155 136 1 Oceanic S C. — 6%
Cal Fruit As 04 — Pac A F A. 2% — '
Cal Wine As — WUIPac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Hutchlnson S P Co. b 10 11 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 12 CO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 30.... 6tt 25
52 Sprir.s Valley Water Co, s 10. ... 41 00
$1000 Omnibus Cable 6s bonds .....122 CO
$3000 Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent 109 73
SATURDAY. Oct. 10—12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
2C0 MacNamara . 14! 3Co Mont Ton ... M
1200 MacNamara . 15! 230 Rescue 10
200 MacNamara . 16. 300 Ton Belmont.l 13
200 Mont Ton ... 9U : 700 Hannapaa ... 14
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester
day:
Horning Session.
TONOPAH MINES
300 Bullion 08! 100O Exchequer ... 14
2CO Caledonia 92. 50O Overman .... 23
300 Challenge Con 3<> 4CO Potost 2:
400 Chollar 23i 500 Sierra Nev .. 53
400 Con C & V.I 32% ".00 Union Con .. «4
400 Crown Point. 20' 20O Union Con . . 63
Following were the sales on the Faclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Th« exports of lurab*r from San FTancisco
br sea during the month cf September were as
follow*:
To — Ftet. Values.
Australia 931.571 $32.7n5
New Zealand 70.000 1.450
Tahiti 130.440 3,1197
Hawaiian Islands 116.341 3.1-JO
Mexico 314.35U S,680|
Central America C3.175 1.99.*?
Colombia 4S,1S« 1.221
Peru 191,297 6,422
Totals 1,K€3,3C9 $54,6SS
Dunsa-ps —
Gr«**t Britain 2O4.O0O 3.322
Belgium 37.000 555
Total dunnage 241.600 f 3.877 i
Grand toial 2.106.969 5S.&65
In September. 1502, the exports wera 1,340.-
C01 feet, valued at $2*5. Of!. In that month
MO.JiOO feet, valued at fSO42. were shipped as
dunnage on the grain fleet.
Current Trade Conditions.
Henry Clews eays, in his New York circu
lar:
••Trie important influences affecting values
In the long run are money, crops, industry
and commerce. Let us briefly review each.
The monetary situation is vsstly better than a
year ago. Liquidation has immensely relieved
the bank*, epeculative demands are practically
nil, loans are decreasing, reserves are larger
\than a year ago. the banks are generally in
ttrong ccnfiitlon. funds are ample to move the
crtpe. the eurplr of raoney is about $124.OO-J.
<XK> larger than last year and bankers continue
conservative in rranting credits to all classes
of borrowers; consequently the much-feared
monetary crisis wheih was expected this au
tumn is naw en exceedingly remote possibility.
Secretary Sh»« is entitled to much credit in
tMs iWtinWIVtl for hi* vigorous and resource
ful arti^n in counteracting Government ope
ntCtaw in the money market, and it is now
QClte lik'-iy that before rr.any months are gone
11 r.py will be plentiful at lower rotes. Gold
!r"ip^ris rarnct be far distant, owing to the
incrcaslrsK supply of commercial bills and to
th* fact that Eurore will be necessarily a large
bcyer of our food products. The curative pro
i.<=« is probably more complete in the money
market than in the «ock market, and before
l_r.g the anoniaijus condition cf money cora
mai.dins better returns than securities will
.'.-^ :¦.;.;•• *r. As to the crops there is nothing to
add to previous conclusions given in these ad
vice*, viz.. that the farming classes througTi
oi'i the country are practically sure of another
]TOF:x.-rous y<>ar. This fact cannot be too
itTMWtT impressed, for here is real Increase to
the national wealth, an abundance of traffic
Icr our railroads ar.d a good demand for all the
necessities of life. The West Is still enjoying
prosperity, and it is easy to forget that Wall
?tr«tt, though an important element, is not
the entire country. -Concerning industry and
commerce, or more strictly speaking the busi
ness eituition, there are both good and bad
features, the former unquestionably predomi
nating-. Some reaction must be anticipated.
Sharp economies will be practiced among the
wealthy, who have chiefiy Buffered in the re
rent stock decline. The chill received from
Wall street will inevitably result in some con
traction and new enterprises will be checked
and merchants will operate with greater con
servatism. Costs cf production, too, are often
too hlrh ar.d cannot be reduced without lower
priced raw materials. Labor will also have to
F.hare the reaction, either in the shape of shut
downs or lower wages, to which more or leeu
resistance may be expected. But these con
tingencies are somewhat remote and cannot
become acute cr pressing until we have more
positive indications of overproduction. Read
justment is progressing In the iron trade, and
i- is well known that much contract work is
being held back until prices of finished pro
ducts reach a more normal level and the de
mtiids cf labor ere moderated.
"All of these conditions, however, have been
over-discounted in the stock market, and when
buslr-efs reaction does come it would not be
surprising to find that Wall street had fully
anticipated the fact and was busily occupied
recovering from undue depression. Many good
securities are telling at bargain prices, and as
Uiere are no prospects of reduced dividends on
better class railroad shares, their purchasers
ax present prices will undoubtedly secure hand
tt&t profits in due time."
Feed $1 12%©1 15; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%®1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20@l 45 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 12 $112% $112 $112%
OATS — The trade reported a good demand
yesterday at steady prices. Offerings continue
ample for all current needs.
White. $120@132%: Black, $1400160; Red.
*1 2001 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Gray. $1 22%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market rules quiet and easy,
with plenty here. The western descriptions
largely predominate, and, in fact, California
goods are not offered very freely.
Western, sacked, $1 40 for Yellow, $1 40 for
White and $1 35 for mixed; California large
Yellow. $1 45@1 50; small round do, $1 70®
1 75; White. $1 50 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 2502 50 per ctl.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 30% $139% $139% $139%
1 BARLEY — The market closed the week firm,
with futures still higher. There was a good
demand for feed.
« ,.<!..*-. CASH BAItLEY. :
FUTURES. .
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40@l 45; California
White Australian. $1 WMJl 65; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 45; Northern Blue Stem, $1 5031 55;
Oregon Valley. $1 40®l 45 per ctl.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were higher.
Cables from abroad said that the Liverpool
shorts were covering, on fears of serious com
plications between Russia and Japan.
Chicago was about lo higher, with the
market unsettled and somewhat nervous, and
the Russo-Japanese situation beginning to cut
Romo figure as a factor. Domestic conditions
were otherwise bullish, but the export demand
was small, though 100,000 bushels was worked
for export, with talk of more. Minneapolis
wired: "There has been a good demand for
cesh wheat all this fall, but to-day was the
best of. any. Buyers Just gTab the wheat, with
nothing eald about prices."
Fututes were higher In this market, but the
cash grain continued easy and quiet.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Marin County "Water
Company, regular quarterly, 73c per share,
amounting to $4500; Giant Consolidated Pow
der Company, regular monthly. 6Oc per share,
amounting to $10,000; California Wine Associa
tion, regular monthly, 60c per share, amount-
Ing to $26,023 20.
Gould Central Oil Company of McKlttrick.
has levied assessment No. 5 of %c per share,
to become delinquent November 10.
The usual Saturday quietness prevailed on
the Exchanges and there were no fluctuations
worthy of note. Even Home Oil was tame and
sold at 00'397%c.
Sales on the Oil Exchange lest week were
28.225 shares, valued at $15,997, the leading
sales belnz as follows: Chicago Crude. 1S0O
shares; Four, 1295; OH* City. 7500: Monte
Crlrto, 110O; Superior, 1500: Sovereign, 820;
Monarch, 1000; Independence, 3000; Home,
9500.
100 Exchequer ... 13 400 Potosl 23
200 Keyes 94 ' 10O Savage 25
50O Mexican 1 05 3OO Sierra Nev... S3
10O Occidenatl ... 23 300 Union Ci
100 Ophlr 1 83,'
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Pue following were the sales In the San,
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: .;>::"¦
Morning Session.
Mining Stocks.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8GVi
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87V4
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars 47 4S
Exchange and Bullion.
Adams Cen lOlLittle Chief 08
Alice .... • }R 9. n £ rl ° •••' 4 60
Ureece 2?°,E hlr . x *°
nrurjm-lck Con .. 0» Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel- 00% Potosl 21
Con Cal & Va 1 20| Savage •• 22
Horn Silver 1 00 Pier ra Nev 50
Iron Silver 1 70: Small Hopes 20
L*adville Con 02iStandard 1 75
ISOSTOX STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— : - , pf d 59
Call loans 3 ® 4 Westing Com .... 07
Time loans ... ..5%W Mining-
Bonds— , AHouei 4
Atchison 4s . OS Amal Copper .... 16%
Railroads— BinRham .21
\tchison €2% Calumet & Hecla.435
Do pfd .... 87U- Copper Range,... 45%
Boston & Alban>'.247 Dom Coal ....... 69
Boston Elev 137 Franklin ........ 7%
N y N H & H..1W* . Isle Royale ...... 5%
Fitcl'burg pfd... .136 MohawR' 30
Tnion Pacific 6S% Old Dominion-... 5%
Mex Cent,. ...... lOUiOsceola ......... 52
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 1,700 t3% 62% 62 Vj
Atchison -pfd 400 87 S *>7% 87 1,4
Balto & Ohio .... 8,700 73% 72% 72%
Balto & O pfd ... 100 87 87 S6V4
Canadian Pacific... 2,900 119^4 118*4 118%
Central of N J 130
Ches & Ohio 2S%
Chicago & Alton.. 7,900 25 23'i 21
Chi & Alton pfd.. 300 C2 C2 62
Chi & G W 000 15Vi 14% 14Vi
Chi &: G W B pfd. 100 25H 25fc 25»»
Chicago & N \V 13o^a
Chi Term & Tran. 400 S'i 8 8
Chi T & T pfd NHi
C C C & St Louis. ". 69^i
Colo Southern 400 11% 11% 13%
Colo So l5t pfd 47>-j
Colo 6o 2d pfd.. 40O l'J 1S^ 1S%
D«l & Hudson ... 100 151 150 Vi 130
Del Lack &¦ West. 3uO 230 230 230
Dtwer & R G... 100 19 19 19
Drr.ver & R G pfd 100 C6^i (Hi 6tt^
Er.e 12.S0O 27% 26% 20^
Eri.% 1st pfd 1,500 65>4 65 64%
Eri« 2d pfd 200 47 46% 44%
Great Nor pfd l«0
Hocking Valley «5
Hocking Val pfd 77
Illinois Central ... 400 128*4 12s% 12*
Iowa Central 100 18% 18% IS**
Iowa Central pfd 32%
Kansas City So.. 400 18% IS 17%
Kan City So pfd 31%
Louis & Nash 1,200 97V4 96% 98
Manhattan L 600 130% 129% 129%
Metropolitan St Ry 1.40O 103% 102% 1<>2%
Minn & St Louis 44
Missouri Pacific .. 1.400 8SK 6«V4 »^H
Mo Kan & Texas. 2C0 10% 16% 1C
Mo Kan * T pfd. 200 34k 34 33
N R R of Mex pfd 100 37 37 36
N -Y Central COO 116% 115^ 115U
Nor & Western... 100 50% 6ttV* 5<H*
Nor & West pfd 87
Ontario & West... 7C0 20Vi 1«% " 1»%
Pennsylvania 18,900 118 117% 117%
Pitts C C A S L 09
Reading 5.200 45% 45 44%
Heading 1st pfd 75
Kraillr.tr 2d pfd 60
Kock Inland Co... 4,300 24 23% 23%
Rock Island Co pfd 400 59 58% «8
St L & S F 02
St L & S F 1st pfd U0
St L & S F 2d pfd. 2.S0O 44% 44% 44%
St Louis S W.... 200 12% 12% 12%
St Louis S W pfd. 100 30 30 30
gt Paul 6,400 180% 1U5% IM%
St Paul pfd l"0
Southern Pacific... 2.200 40% 39% 3u%
Southern Ry 2,900 17% 17 Vi 17%
Southern Ry pfd... 1.400 74% 73fc
Texas & Pacific... 100 22% 22% 22Vi
Tol St L & W 100 17% 17% 1.
Tol St L & W pfd 24%
Union Pacific 22,200 69% C8% vx%.
Union Pacific pfd.. "l00 84% 84% 84%
WabaEh pfd *.".;* i',500 30% 29% 29%
Wheel & L Erie 14
Wisconsin Central iots
Wisconsin Cen pfd •><»
Express Companies—
Adams • r52
American J'°
United States £°}»
Wells-Fargo " :w
A^aJg^TcoweT.. 40.000 37% 35% 36%
Xm Car& Found. 600 24 23% 23%
Am Car & F pfd 71%
Am Linseed Oil »%
Am Lin Oil pfd •• •••• ••-• 28
Am Locomotive ... 500 13 13 U
Am Locomotive pfd 100 .9 «» . <8Vi
Am Smelt & Ref... 2,400 41 -50% 40%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 10O 87 87 87
Am Sugar Refining 700 109% 10S% 108%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 000 65 <3'/« 03
Brooklyn Rap Tran 800 32% 3'JV* . S2%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. S00 40% 3S% 3X
Columbus £ H Coal ' 102%
Consolidated Gas 1<1
General Electric .. 100 144 144 140
Internal Paper 11%
Ir.ternat Paper pfd. 100 61% Cl% 61%
Intcmat Pump 33
lnternat Pump pfd 40
National Biscuit 35%
National Lead 12%
North American ... 100 70% 70% 70
Pacific Mali 19
People's Gas 600 00% MJ% 89%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 31% 81% 31%
Presied S car pfd. 100 75 75 74%
Pullman Pal Car 211
Republic Steel 200 8% S% ,8%
Republic Steel pfd. 000 58% C8 57%
Rubber Goods 700 13% 13% 13%
Kubber Goods pfd 67%
Tenn Coal A Iron.. 1,900 29% 28% 28%
TJ S Leather 100 C'-i 6% C%
U S Leather pfd... 100 70 70 75%
U S Rubbsr 10
U S Rubber pfd... 100 3G 30 S5%
U 3 Steel 11. COO 14% 14'.i 14U
U S Steel pfd 50.000 Cl% 09 50%
Western Unlcn Sl%
Total sales ...232,100
NEW YORK B0ND8.
U S ref 2i, reg.lW* LAN unified 4s. 98
Do couprm 106% Maji con gold 43.100
Do 3s. res 107^ Mex Cent 4s 71%
Do coupon 10S Do 1st lnc 14
Do new 4s, reg.135 Minn & Ft L 4s.. nflU
Do coupon 1S5 M. K & Tex 4s... 97%
Do old 4s. rg..lIO% Do 2ds 70
Do coupon 110',4lNRn of Mex con4s 72
Do Cs, rrg 102% N T C pen S%s.'. 97',i
Do coupon 102V. N J C sen 0a....l">-"v
Atch cen 4s 08% Nor Pac 4s 100?;
Do afij 4s S!)U Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C Line 4s nO'-i Nor & W con 4s. 04%
Bal & Ohio 4a...ino O S L 4s & part 90
Do 3%s 03% Pa conv 8%s n5»4
Central of Ga 5s.lO."» .Reading Ren 4f.. 05 W
Do 1st ine CS Is L A I M con 5s.lO9Vi
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01%|s L & S F fg 4s. 92
CM & Alton SVi«. 72%|St Louis SW Ists. 98%
C B & Q new 4s. 92»6 Seaboard A Lne4s CS
C M & S P gn 4s.lO4'4 So Pac 4a 8514
C & NW con 7s.irJl% So Ry 5s 112%
C, R I & PacRR4s 71 Tex & Pac Ists..ll4'i
Do col 5s 73% T. St L & W 4s. C8%
C.C.C & SL gn4s. flfl Union Pac 4s ...100%
Chl Term 4s 73 Do conv 4s .... 837<,
Con Tob 4s f<3 T7 S Stel 2d 5s... 70%
Colo & Fo 4s OT« Wahash lsta ....114%
Den & H!o G 4s. 0."»W Do deb B 82
rrle prior Hen 4s. ««% W & L Erie 4s.. m
Do cen 4s R3Vi Wls Cent 4s .... SO
F W & D C Ists. 103 Colo Fuel con 5s. 70
Hock Val 4%s...lO3
NEW. YORK MINING STOCK8.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Lumber Exports in September.
PARIS, Oct. 10. — Prices on the Bourse opened
firm, but later became hesitating and heavy.
At the close trading was inactive and the mar
ket was calm. • • ' . -
The private rate of discount was 2 13-16 per
cent. " ' ' - ¦
Foreign Markets.
Flour, qr sks . . 12.060 Wool, bales .... 232
Wheat, ctls .... 347 Shorts, sks .... 53
Barley, ctls ...102,477 Screenings, sks. 20O
Cornmeal (East) Pelts. No 210
centals 400 Hides, No. 6S0
Potatoes, sks .. 3,000i Sugar, ctls .... 1,300
Onions, sks .... 1.425! Raisins, bxs .. 600
Beans, tks .... 3,641 .Quicksilver, flks 90
Bran sks ..... 330 1 Leather, rolls .. 33
Middlings, sks.. 400jWlne. gals 83.100
Hay, tons 496iTallow. ctls ... 220
Straw tons .... 10; Lime, bbls .... 863
Hops bales .... 371 1
FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER 10.
Receipts of Pfoduce.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
quiet and small. Sales are reported around
recent quotations. Common, held at 4@3c;
prime. 5Vi@5Hc; choice, efSO^c; fancy, 6%@7c.
PRl'NES — In fair demand, with some ex
portation reported. Quotations range from 311
to 7c. ¦
APRICOTS— Firm at 9Vi©9^c for* choice,
lO^c for extra choice and lltflS^e for fancy.
PEACHES — Quiet; choice, 7V4@7%c; extra
choice. 7»i@SHc; fancy, 9}4@10yiC
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. : Oct. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17.4-14 barrels; exports, 8722 barrels. Quiet,
but holders firm in their view. Winter patents,
$'! S<>(74 30; winter straights. $3 95; Minnesota,
$4 50<34 95; winter extras, $2 90®3 50; Minne
sota bakers, $3 75@3 93; winter low grades,
$2 705:1 tr..
WHEAT — Receipts, none; exports, 80,432
bushel?. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, S4^c elevator;
No. 2 red, (i4%c f. o. b afloat: No. 1 Northern
Duluth, OO^jc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba. !i.5,c f. o. b. afloat. There was a sharp
opening advance in wheat to-day, based on
higher cables and a bullish Interpretation of
the Japanese-Russian news. Later it reacted,
under bales for long account, but maintained a
steady undertone. The market was finally ner
vous and firm on the cash situation, closing
9si&*sc net higher. May, S3@83Uc, closed
83Hc: December, S5y,8S5V4c. clcred 85^0.
HOPS — Steady; Pacific Coast. 1903, medium
to choice, 2C@30c; 1903 common to choice, 21 @>
2CHc: olds, 10©13c.
HIDES — Steady; Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
ISc; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 rounds, 14c.
WOOL — Quiet: domestic fleece, 28@32c.
PETROLEUM — Firm; refined New York,
Jfi 50; Philadelphia and- Baltimore. $8 85;
Philadelphia and Baltimore in bulk, $5 95.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady, 10@15
point? higher. Sales, 24,000 bags, including:
December, C«@5.10e; March. 5.25®5.35c; May,
5.45@ri.55c: July. 5.55(55.6Oc: September, 5.<J4@
5.70c. Spot Rio. steady; No. 7, invoice, 5 9-16c,
mild, steady; Cordova, 7@llc.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 3^0;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3*«c: molasses sugar, 3',jc.
Refined, firm; No. C. 4.35c; No. 7, 4.30c; No. S,
4.25c; No. 1), 4.20c; No. 10, 4.15c; No. 11, 4.10c;
No. 12. 4.05c; No. 13, 4c; No. 14. 3.95c; con
fectioners' A, 4.60c; mold A, 5c; cut loaf,
5.35c; crushed, 5.3Sc: powdered, 4.S5c; granu
lated, 4.75c; cube*. He.
Nav York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10. — Total imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at New York
for the week were valued at SlO.'SOJSa.
Exports of specie from this ,port for the
week were $416,423 silver and $10,760 gold.
Imports of specie for the week at New York
were $30,750 silver and $65,506
Exports and Imports.
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 23; winter varie
ties, f>ui;75c per box for cemmon and $1&1 zi
for Winter Nellls.
QUINCES— S50 50c per box.
FIGS — Black, $2 25 for large boxes from the
river.
I'RUNKS— 60®7."ip per box or crate.
PEACHES— 50@75c per box. .
POMEGRANATES— 50®75c for small boxes
and ' $1 254i2 for large. ¦
GRAPES — Isabella, 50©65c per crate; Cornl
chon, 30©fi0c-per crate: other varieties. 25a
40c for small boxes, 40®60c for crates and
S5c@$l 25 for large open boxes; Wine Grapes.
?lbi&22 per ton for Zinfandel, $15*m for Mis
*ldh and $12015 for White and Tokoy.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1©1 75 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 25@V5c per box; Watermelons,
5&15c each.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2 50@3 for
fancy Valenclas, $2&2 50 for choice and $19
$1 50 for standard: Lemons, $1<&3 per box:
Grape Fruit, $1 50@2 50; Mexican Limes, fi®
4 50; Bananas, $1 2532 per bunch; Pine
apples, $263 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $5@8 per
chest; large berries, $1 S0#3 for Mallndas and
$3&5 for the other varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $3©5.
HUCKLEBERRIES— ©38c per lb.
CRANBERRIES- Cape Cod. $8 50®9 per
bbl; Coos Bay. *2 50©.1 per box.
APPLES-7$1@1 25 per box for fancy, 50©
$~>c for good to choice and 25^10o for com
mon.
Attractive lots of ! Strawberries met with
ready Bale at good figures, while poor and soft
stock wont to the canners at the inside quota
tion. Offerings of Raspberries were liberal and
Included much soft stock that came in late on
the preceding day. Freeh arrivals were In
good request at steady rates, while old stock
was dull' and had to be sold to canners and
peddlers at -the minimum quotation. • -
Stocks of Citrus and Tropical fruits were
ample and prices were without quotable change.
A box of new crop Grape Fruit came in from
Orovllle and was offered at $4 per box, but
was not sold, as the stock wae too green.
The wet weather checked trade in the fruit
market and: the demand, whilo fair, was less
active than" usual on Saturday. Most fruits
were in ample supply and prices were un
changed, but some varieties which were in
small supply were firmer. Figs wero very
scarce and offerings. - which yrere in large
boxes, cleaned up quickly at a sharp advance.
Peaches were higher, supplies being slender
and the demand steady. Receipts of table
Grapes in large open boxes were light and
prices were firmer. Muscats were particularly
firm and occasional sales of strictly fancy
stock were I reported ' at $1 50. Offerings in
email packages were in free supply and prices
stood about ¦ as before. Wine Grapes arrived
freely and were easy, as the rain kept buyers
away from the market. The Melon market
was overstocked and dull. There was practi
cally no inquiry for Watermelons and prices
were largely nominal. Special brands of Can
taloupes and Nutmeg Melons sold fairly well at
full figures, but the common run of offerings
were neglected. Fancy Apples continued to
movo freely at steady prices, but inferior of
ferings were dull -with stocks steadily accumu
lating. Prices of the other tree fruits had no
change worthy of note.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Clearings at the local Clearing-house
durlnjr the week Just enrted were f 29. 174.475,
aealntt (29.111.1S1 during the corresponding
week, of last year, showing an Increase of
I8X2M.
Bank Clearings.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 10. — WHEAT — Unchanged;
blue stem, 79c; club, 75c.
PORTLAND, Oct. 10.— -WHEAT — Walla Wal
la, 75c: blue stem, 77c: valley, 76®77c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
west: Independence, 38, west, and North
Head. 38, southeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 11: '
Northern California — Fair Sunday; light
northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday, clearing by night;
warmer.
San Francisco a/id vicinity — Cloudy Sunday;
brisk westerly winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Fischer's Theater 2 25 .....
Gas Consumers' Association. 22 3O
Honolulu Sugar .* IS CO
Northern Cal Power »0O 05O
North Shore Railroad » CO 12 00
Orpheum Company 13 25
Paelilc States Tel & Tel 130 CO
Parafftne Paint 33 (X)
San Francisco DrydocU 47 0O .....
Sanitary Reduction Works... 2 25 .....
Sausalito Land & Ferry 1G 0O .""V .".•;.."
Eperry Flour Company 27 SO 30 CO
Standard Electric IS 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 CO
Truckee Electric 13 25
Union Sugar 22 50 ..... -
United Gas A Electric 34 50
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Home 99
100 Home '•>¦">
100 Home, s 30 05
100 Home, s 30 : >' ' j
1000 Oil City Petroleum V*
¦ 4000 Oil City Petroleum 2M
100 Occidental IS
100 Home, s 30 C3
300 Home, « 20 00
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The statement of av
erages of the clearing-house banks of this city
fcr the week shows: Loans, $913,101,500; in
crease. $198,400. Deposits. $S97.615,100; in
crease. $400,700. Circulation. 45,714.800; in
creise, $40,100. Legal tenders. $00,917,200; de
crease. $843,500. Specie. $171,003,700; increase,
$.'S,5S5,3UO. Reserve, $240,030,000; Increase, $2.
739, COO. Reserve required. $224,403,775; in
crease, $100,175. Surplus. $10,577,125; increase.
$2.659.C25. Ex-United States deposits, $25,79^,
•i50; Increase, $2,654,750. ;
Associated Banks Statement.
SEATTLE. Oct. 10.— Clearings. $770,742; bal
ances, ?210,401.
TACOMA, Oct. 10.— Clearings, $327,225; bal
ances, ?37,427.
PORTLAND, Oct 10.— Clearings, $439,899;
balances, ?40,S97.
SPOKANE, Oct. 10. — Clearings. $350,956;
balances. $30,50G.
Northern Business:
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 10.— Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing, 18@21c; light,
fine, 15#17c; heavy, fine. 17@22c; tub washed,
20@30c.
Receipts were 14,000 lbs Butter, 623 cases
Eggs and 6300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, i7O2Sc for extras and
26c for seconds ; dairy, 21(g24c; store - Butter,
17%<@19c; cold storage, 24®25c; Eastern. 22Q
24c per lb. • ' .:••.;¦- .
CHEESE— 12«4c for good flats, 13©13%c for
choice mild new, and ll©12c for low
er grades. ¦¦ Young America, 13>4@14c: Eastern
15H@lCV4c: Western. 14g 15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 45c for large white selected
and 40®44c ; for fair to choice; store, nominal;
cold storage, 26@28c; Eastern, • 21@2$c per
dozen.
The situation in Cheese remains as before.
Eggs are still higher, and the California de
scriptions are practically cleaned j up. .¦ Dealers
can get about what they choose to ask. But
there are plenty of Eastern and cold. storage
here, so there is no famine. ¦ *
Stocks of Butter continue large, and liberal
arrivals are expected to-day, so the feeling
continues weak.- Prices show no change, how
ever.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— The cotton market
closed steady, with prices 7@10 points higher.
Local bank clearings show less gain over last year.
Neva, York stock market about a point lower on the day.
Not much change in local financial quotations.
Business still quiet on the stock exchanges.
Wheat and Barley futures higher again.
Qcts in good demand and steady. Corn ivcak. Rye unchanged.
Hay and Fccdstitifs firm at previous prices.
Beans continue depressed, with heavy arrivals. - 2
Butter and Cheese still in large supply.
Fresh Eggs still higher and practically cleaned up.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins continue firm.
Provisions still dragging in the Western markets.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before quoted.
No change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
Wet weather checks the demand for fresh Fniit.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables show little change.
Poultry and Game clean up well at steady prices. ¦
NEW YORK. Oct. 10.— Demand In the local
metal market was quiet and no changes of
importance w«r» learned for the day.
Tin was no . more than steady at $25 90®
20 37tf for spot. - -
Copper prices were nominal and unchanged.
Lake. $13©13 23; electrolytic, $13«J13 12%;
casting, $12 87%. - ; ¦>,.•¦•;, .-- ¦'.;-, ..:;
Lead was $1 60. /:,-
Spelter was $6.
Iron nominally unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
RED AND WHITE LEAD~Red Lead. 6tf C0
1e per lb; White Lead. . 6ftQ7c, according to
quantity. °
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 10O-lb bags:
Cube*, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.SSc:
Powdered, 5.70c: Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6.00c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.60c; Fruit Granulated, 5.60c: Beet Granulated
<100-Ib bags only), 5.45c; Confectioners' A,
5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c; Gold
en C, 5c: "D," 4.00c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 23c more; boxes, SOc more: 50-lb bags.
10c mere for all kinds. Tablets — Half barreTs.
8.10c: boxes, 6.33c per lb. No orders taken fcr
lesr than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bnllc.
14%c; Pearl Oil in cases, 21c; Astral. 21c;
Star, 21c; Extra Star, 25c; Elaine, 27c; Eocene.
24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk. 17c;
In cases, 23%e; Benzine, In bulk. 13c; in cases,
I9v,c: 86-desree Gasoline, la bulk. 21c; in
cases, 27V*c.
-TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon In easea and
74c in drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5@5Kc: San Qucntln,
«.55c: "Wool Bags, 32#35c; Fleece Twine, 7ft
68c: Cotton Fruit Bags. 6Hc. 6%c and 7^0
for the three grades; Brown Jute. eVjS? h-tC
COAL — Wellington. $& per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 SO; Bea
ver Hill. $5 00: Stanford. $7; Rosiyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, |7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $3 50 per ton;
Coka. $11 60(31.1 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL— Linseed, 4So for boiled aad 47c for raw
In barrels: cases. Bo more; Castor Oil. la cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10®l 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 00c: cases, 95c;
China Nut. 65670c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
In barrels. 75c: cases. 'S0o: Sperm, pure. 75c:
Whale Oil. natural white. 30&55o per gallon;
Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c: cases, 50c: Coccanut
Oil, in barrels. 6Sc for Ceylon and 66c for Aus
tralian.
General Merchandise.
Miscellaneous — Parrot 10V&
Amer Sugar 103 Quincy 85
Do pfd 116 j Santa Fe Copper. 1>4
Amer Tel & Tel.122 Tamarack 75
Pom Iron & Steel. 8 M Trinity 5?i
Gen Electric ....140 United States .... 17%
Mass Electric ... 19 Utah 21
• Do pfd 77% Victoria 2*4'
United Fruit .... G414 Winona 6%
U S Steel 14 Vi Wolverine 62
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS."
Consols, money.88 11-16 j Mo Kan & Tex... 17%
Do acct 8S% N Y Central 120
Anaconda 3% Nor & West .... 57%
Atchison f.3Vi Do prefd 90
Do prefd PI Ontario & West. 20%
Balto & Ohio 75V4 Pennsylvania .... 60%
Canadian Pac 122% Rand Mines 8%
Ches & Ohio SOU Reading 23Vi
Chi G W ... 16H Do 1st prefd .. 30
Chi Mil & St P.130*; Do 2d prefd ... 31
DeBeers 19V4 Southern Ry 1«%
Denver & R O... IQ% Do prefd 77
Do prefd 69 Southern Pao .... 40H
Erie 27% Union Paclflo ... 71%
Do let prefd .. 68% Do prefd 87
Do 2d prefd ... 48 US Steel ...... 15^4
Illinois Central . .132Vi Do prefd 63U
Louis & Nash .. 09 Wabaeh prefd ... 30ft
Bar silver, quiet 20 9-lCd per ounce. Money,
lVJ@l?i per cent. ' The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 3% P*' cent 
and for three months' bills 3% per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Game arrived freely and cleaned up well
under a steady demand. Hare formed a large
percentage of the receipts, but . cleaned up at
firmer rates. Gray, Geese were a little higher,
while Snipe were steady.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 20@23c p«r lb for
young and 14 til 7c for old: Geese, per pam.
SI 75® 2; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks. $5@3 60 per
dozen for old and $5 50® a CO for young; Hens,
$5 5006 50 for large and $15O@5 5O for small;
young Roosters. $4 50@5 50; old Roosters. $4 60
@5; Fryers $3 50@4 60; Broilers. $3S3 50 for
large and $2 50@3 for small- Pigeons, $i@i 23
per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.
p GAME — Rabbits. $1 75 per dozen lor Cotton
tall. $1 25 for bush; Hare. $1@1 25 per dozen;
Wild Doves. $125 per dozen; English Snipe.
$3 50 per dozen; Common Snipe, $1 50 per
dozen; Gray Geese, (3 per dozen.
As usual on Saturday the receipts of Poultry
were light, and although the demand was noth
ing extra the market was well cleaned | up at
the close. .' There was continued, firmness in
large old stock, which : was in : small supply,
but young stock was weak, and some dealers
were making concessions , in order to clean up.
A car of Western came in, rnaklnc the fifth
for the week.' and was held over for to-mor
roWs market. '-
Poultry and Game.
Nominal. Good to- prime steers. - $5 10@5 83;
poor to medium, f3 50® 4 75; stockers and feed
ers, $2 25<&4; cows,$l 40@4 60i heifers, $2®3;
canners, $1 40@2 50; bulls, $2@4 35; calves.
$3 50ft5 75: Texas fed steers, $2 75®3 25; West
ern steers. *3@4 00.-
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 7000; Monday,
2200. 10c higher. Mixed and butchers. $5 2518
5 82}j; good to choice heavy. $5 15Q5 60; rough
heavy. I* 7O«5 10; light,. $5 23@6 80; bulk of
sales, . $5 10@5 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000. Sheep, " steady:
lambs, steady. Oood to choice wethers, (3 35(9
4; fair to choice mixed, $2 25®3 25; Western
sheep, $2 25rtt4 25; native lambs, $3 50Q5 75;
\Ve6tern lambs. $4 25@5 30.
75c per box: Egg Plant, 35@50c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. $10012 per ton.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in Ban Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8®0c; Cows and Heifers.
T68c: thin Cows, 4©5c per pound.
CALVES — *©5%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3V,iiS%c; Kwes. 3&i4ic
oer pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — %2 7563 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 150 to 230 lbs, B«J@5Tic;
under 1*0 lbs, fiHGSftc; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 00 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above Quotations.
LAMB — 9610c per ! pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. JUiSrDKc per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 11, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
.stock market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
5^ AUCTION. fe
CLOSING OUT SMLBS.
- R- H. Kason of DLxon, Solano County, retir-
ing on account of his extreme ace. 84 years,
consigns 40 head draft stock. 4 to 7 years old.
weighing from 1400 to 1S0O pounds; this Is tha
finest lot of heavy horses ever oSered In the
San Francisco market; there are matched
spans of blacks, dapole grays, bays and
browns; average -weight lttOO lbs; gentle, young
and sound and ready to work. Also 4 driv-
ing horses, two having records of 2:17 and
2:17K respectively.
A magnificent coal black "Belgium" stal-
lion. 7 years, weight 1S0O. broke single and
double, will be sold by same party.
ALTA STABLES. San Kafael. R. T. Koch,
owner, consigns 15 head of Driving Horses,
Rigs. Harnesses, etc.
All to be sold without reserve at
1732 MARKET ST SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY EVENING. OCT. 12. 1903,
At 7:45 o'clock, by electric light.
The attention of draymen and liverymen U
called to this sale.
Horses will be at yard October 10th.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
L. H. BURD,
AUCTIONEER.
Will sell Monday, Oct 12,
2240 Post St., II a. m..
The Elegant Furniture of 8-Room Flat.
I* H. BURD.
*\_. AT AUCTION TUESDAY. October 13,
/*-** 11 a. so., at 1140 FOLSOM ST.. I will
sell 1 handsome donkey cart and harness. 1 fast
road horse. 2 milk wagons. 4 surreys, 2 carta,
1 rubber-tire business buggy, 30 horses, 40 sets
of harness.THE SAN. FBANCISCO CALL, SUKDATi OCTOBER 11, 1903.
40
REAL; ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$45,000 — O'Farrell-st corner, down town; three
: frontages; old Improvements renting for
$158 per month; lot 50x90 ft ;•. mortgage
of $25,000 at ti per cent can remain.
$11,000— Rents $1200 a year; pays 11 per cent;
3 new flats, 6-7 rooms and bath; . lot
25x100 feet. (C. 3261.) .
$6,250— Mission st, near 20th; store and 0
rooms; lot. 28x122 ft; make offer.
$S,250— Sutter st. near Gough; house of 8
rooms and bath; rent $50; lot 25x110 ft
$2,200 — Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 60:6x105 feet; elegant
view of city.
$31,750— Fourth st. near Mission; lot 28:10x
82:0 ft; rents nominal; should be Im-
proved
$10,500— Franklin st. near Broadway; 3 mod-
' ern flats of 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $146 per month, „. „
$3.250— Lake st.. near Eighth ave.; lot 65x72
feet to public park.
$35.000— Fillmore and Sacramento sts. ; transfer
point; magnificent lot to . improve; *wll^
pay 8 per cent net. '
$9,000— income $900 gross per annum; 2 new
modern fiats on sunny sldo of Sacra-
mento St.; -will pay 8 per cent net; lots
26x100 feet.
$8.000— Central ave., near Pacific ave.: ele-
gant marine view; lot 40x«0 fe«t; ready
to build on.
$8,000— New modern flats, close to Jackson
st cable line; 6 and 8 rooms and bath
each; rented very low for $57 50; rents
should be Increased; lot 25x110 feet.
$7,200— Presidio Heights residence; Locust st.
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base.
ment and attic; 7 rooms and bath and
\ basement; 3 bedrooms and also room for
senant; lot 25x112:6 feet
$4,500— Presidio Heights residence lot: Clay
st, sunny side; marine view; near Lo-
cust St.: size 30x127 :8V4 feet
$4,250 — Jackson St., sunny side, near Baker:
lot 27:6x127 :£& feet, or four lots at
same rate.
$35,000— Mission st. corner; 100 ft frcnt; pays
over 10 per cent net: stores and apart-
ment house above; fine investment
$13,500 — Steiner st, near EJlls; 3 new flats Just
finished. 6-6-7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 60, $37 50, $37 50; total rents $107 50;
all leased for one year.
$16,500— California st. near Laguna; fine resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; large lot,
. 34:4^x132 ft; house will readily rent
• for • $100 per month. ' .
$8,100 — Sutter st., near Devlsadero: substan-
tial residence; stable; large lot; 69:3%x
- 114 feet; or will sell 34:3x114 feet for
• $6500.
$30,000— 3-story and basement brick building,
Battery st ; one tenant; leased five years
at $175 monthly; pays 6 3-10 pe» cent
net; lot 40x94 feet.
$17,000— FHlmore st.. near McAllister; fine
modern flats, 7-8 rooms and bath each;
rents $127 60 per month: lot £6x87:6 ft.
$6,000— Webster st. near Clay; 2-story bay-
window house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
¦26x90 feet to rear street.
$7,000— Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.:
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53; a pick-up.
Get a copy of our printed list- of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE _ CO.,
Real Estate Aeents,
218-220 Montgomery st
BOVEE. TOY & CO..
. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
117 Montgomery st., Opp. Occidental Hotel
$150,000— Pays over $14,000 per annum; new C-
story and basement brick building;
leased to one tenant for a long term:
only two minutes' walk from Kearny
and Market ste.: lot has a frontage of
almost 50 feet by a depth of 137 feet
6 Inches; owner will take sniiller down-
town properties In part payment
$37.500— Geary st, close to Powell; large lot;
old lmpts.; rents nominal.
$35,000 — Close to Market st. and Giant sve.;
rents $3600 per annum ; brick and f rame
building In finest condition.
$35,000— A splendid location for apartment
house, would warrant a good rental:
Broadway corner lot, commanding a
view of the entire bay and Marln
County; has a frontage of over 200 feet.
$25,000 — Cloee to California and Montgomery
sta.: good 2-story and basement brick
building; lot over 60 feet frontage;
pays 0 per cent net.
$15,000 — A splendid residence of 14 rooms and
¦ bath; large reception hall; beautifully
finished; on sunny side of Pierce st..
close to Alamo square; lot 37:6x112:3
feet; this property cost the present
owner $25,000; must be sold.
$15,000 — Powell st; rents $127 50 per month:
stores and lodging house above; lot
C0x60 feet
J13. 500— California St., close to Devisadero; 2
new flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath.
Just being completed; everything strict-
ly up to date; .rents $100 per month;
iot 27: 6x137 :« feet
$10,000 — Rents $900 per annum; Larkin st,
near California; key lot; 2 elegant fiats
of 6 and 7 rooms . and bath each ; lot
27:6x^7:6. - :
$9,250 — Close to entrance of Park Panhandle:
2 modern flats of 7 and ' 8 rooms and
bath; rents $75 per month; lot 25x100.
$3,250 — Rents $55 per month; two strictly
up-to-date flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
. bath; -lot 30x125 feet; Greenwich st.
near Broderick. * -¦: > •'..¦
$4,000 — Tehama st, near Fourth; 4 good flats;
rents $36 per month;- could be. made to
pay $42; lot 25x75 feet •¦¦¦ ¦
$900— Lot on Ocean boulevard, near Car-
ville; N. W. corner; size 82:6x100 ft.
- Further particulars Of '
BOVSE. TOY & CO., 117 Montgomery st.
P. B. SURRYHNE."
REAL ESTATE AGENT, ,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$7750 — Want an offer; Clay St.. near Polk: 2-
story.and basement house of 9. rooms and
bath; lot 25x137:6.
$7500 — Clay st. near Leavenworth; fine 2-story
residence of 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x114
to an alley: a bargain. .
$4000 — First St.. near Folsom; machine shop,
under lease at $48 per month; lot 20x72.
$6500 — Bargain; Bush st. near Flllmore: fine
- 2-story and basement residence of 10 rooms
and bath; large sunny lot. 31x137:6; build-'
In? could be converted Into 3 flats at small
outlay.
$9500 — Flllmore st.. near McAllister; business
block; 2 flats. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents
$65 per month; lot 25x147. .
$100 per foot — Actual sacrifice; Mission st,
near Twenty-fourth; 61:6x117:6 to an alley.
$2650 — Shotwell st. near Twenty-first; fine cot-
tage of 8 rooms and bath: lot 27:6x122:6;
! easy terms can be arranged if 'desired.'
$3750 — A snap; Union st, near Octavla; build-
ing lot. 60x110; nothing offered In this vi-
cinity under $100 per foot v - .
$3900 — Close to Foleom and Third sts.: 2 flats
of 5 rooms each; rents $38 per month; wait
an offer.
$6500— Stockton et., near California; 2 flats;
rents $55.
$5500 — Guerrero st, near Twenty-sixth; 2 fine
flats of 4 and 5 rooms; rents $45 per month;
driveway under building; lot 25x125.
$7850 — Northeast corner on Noe st, close to
Market; store and flat of 9 rooms and bath;
building recently built; lot 27x105; rents $65.
I publish a catalogue giving particulars of
all classes of property for sale in different
parts of the city; call and get one. •
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS 1
$500 to $1200— Only graded . lots fronting
boulevard, odean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot Fronting electric cars..
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $250 — Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000— New lots In Sunset District.
Graded and sewered, near cars. $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave., near H st
$150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Misslon-st. electric cars— $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, * $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500—4, D and 6 room modern cot-
tages. Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains! '
• Easy terms. •
SOL GETZ _ SON, owners and dealers,
Room 64, Chronicle building.
$15,000 — AN eleeant * modern residence: hard-
wood finish and floors: reception hall, din-
ing and breakfast .rooms; billiard-room; all
modern conveniences; laundry, wlneroom and
sen-ants' quarters ; furnace ; two bathrooms ;
large closets; Stelner st., near Vallejo; com-
manding beautiful and unobstructed, view of
the Golden Gate and harbor. .
. Also have under construction 10 modern
houses in different parts of city, which' will
sell at moderate prices. ¦ and within reach of
¦- all.*.- .- •;..-;•: ¦ : . ... ... .'-,•' •;¦
¦ For particulars and rates apply . at office,
26 : Montgomery st. room ; 8. .- '•'';
S. A. ' BORN, Owner and Builder.
$0500— RENTS $1003 A YEAR. .
,3 new flats. , •
_'. Just being completed,, ' ... '
, California st.; near Lyon. - . ¦
. These flats . are - the best value offered In
.;.' the city. They . are very . light, : eunny and up
to date In every particular." See them to-day.
. . DANEINSTEIN. Owner and Builder,
-,: 63 Chronicle Building.
FOR sale— As a, whole or' in subdivisions;- 60-
vara lot, -''south line Union st; 137:6 feet east
of ¦ Pierce ; • lot northeast corner; Green , and
Pierce sts. ; ; lot : 103:6x137:6 * feet/ .Inquire ;of
CHARLES C.iBEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
,' 221- Sansome et ....,'¦¦¦*. .'* - , .,-:,: ¦¦rV"'';..
$3750 — CALL , to-day ¦ and ' see ' my ! two - elegant
new; U- room houses; ; porcelain bath,' tiled,
, very high basement; could be converted • Into
-4 rooms; cement sidewalk; sewered; few steps
. : from cars: must be Been , to be appreciated;
23 and 27 Urazil ave. ;: take ¦ red ' Mlsslon-st
. car.' E. LEWIS. '630 Market st.
AN Y one .wanting, to buy a beautiful home or
> residence very reasonable and on easy terms,
1 •¦¦ address box 4053, Call. - -
. ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE,^
BIGGEST bargain in Ross Valley, on Lagunltas ;
Road near Ross Station: choice locations,
surroundings beautiful. fr°P««y c^ ta
of two houses, one containing 11 rooms.
electric Ughtlnjr and modern Improvement*:
the other, a cottage containing b rooms and
bath, modern. This property wou 'f,. a b « „ »
splendid investment, as the large house rents
for $100 per month, furnished, and he cot-
tage for $35. and as the lot is 400 feet deep
to an avenue other cottages could be built.
as there Is a bis demand here for cottages
Only 4 minutes' walk from the station. Price
$10,000. Address MRS. NELLIE RL STL-
MEYER, Rosa Station. Marln Co.. Lai.
THE Mann place. Ross Valley, will be offered
for sale tho next thirty days; price $20,0u>.
Address box 16. Ross.
REAL ESTATE TO E ?.^5 IA il£.^^
INCOME property; long lease; $310 month.
For property to Improve, box 4103. Can.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREATEST LIST OF PROPERTY EVER
OFFERED FOR SALE.
STARTLING PRICES! BIG BARGAINS!
Property Sacrificed and Bound to Increase.
INVESTIGATE AND PURCHASE A HOME.
POSITIVE INSTRUCTIONS TO SELL.
THE FOLLOWING MUST BE SOLD.
$2250— Six-room house; lot 33x150; modern; »
bargain.
$2250 — Beautiful 6-room cottaee; lot SO— 150;
fine location, a bargain.
$2500 — Fine 6-room house; lot 35x180; sacrifice;
a bargain.
$2850— Foreclosure: 5 rooms and bath: lot 73
xl25; one week; a bargain.
•3000 — The snap of the season: 5-roora. eottag»;
lot 50x150; with 3 finished room* In base-
ment; see this property.
$3500— Elegant 7-room colonial home; rer*
cheap. : .'¦_ V;;. : . \ ', ; .
; $4250 Nothing like It for value: superb loca-
tion; 8 rooms and bath; large lot.
$3500— Worth $0000; beautiful 10-roora home;
lot etaloO; finest corner In A_ne_»
DON'T DELAY PURCHASING ONS Of
THE MANY BARGAINS WE- ARE OFFER-
So THE BIGGEST AND FINEST BAR-
GAINS EVER OFFERED IN THE BEAUTI-
FUL CITY OF ALAMEDA. -\ "
PRfc_ E A^ M Ti_,^ D H^S_3 AT BT£_
RENTED AND BgAgD^
v . 1500 Park st. Alamad—
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOCSE9.
FOR rent— Nicely furnished house in Alameda ;
reasonable to responsible party: owner leav-
Ing for the East Address box C 833. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALLEN _ ELLIS' SPECIALS.
Here is a list of desirable, attractive prop-
erties that are exceptionally good bargains—
most of them offered for less than they could
possibly be produced:
$1450—4 rooms, hall. bath, pantry, laundry:
nearly new; in nice condition; near cars.
$2400 6 rooms; modern; nearly new; in good
order; near station.
$2000 7 rooms; new; quite attractive; in per-
fect order; nice situation; leased for $^0O
$325O_s y rooms, den and attic; a substantial. 2-
story house; in good order; 2 grate*;
front and back stairs: corner lot: makes
two flats: paved streets; ftna location;
east of Fulton; close to cars; snap.
$3350 — 8 rooms; new; complete; a good house;
sightly situation: convenience to U. C.
and trains; owner anxious to sell; price
cut. _ ; - -
$3750—8 large rooms; close to the V. C. and
trains; modern; nearly new; fine location:
needs paint and varnish: one of the best
close-in houses for the money.
$4000— 9 rooms; new; close in: substantial;
many conveniences: better Investigate it
$5000— A substantial, well-built house of ltt
rooms: In good order; near the university
and cars; front and back stairs; 3 toilets,
modern plumbing; leased for $600 per
year; decidedly the beat bargain in a
large house near the U. C.
$6000— A modern and attractive house of 9
large rooms; in a strlctty choice location;
extra large lot; owner anxious to sell and
this is a low price.
ALLEN _ ELLIS.
2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
ALL GOOD BUYS
$700 — 2-room house; large barn and stable;
lot 50x135: all fenced; close to cars; $000
cash, balance $5 per month.
$S0O— 5-room house: patent toilet: city water;
chicken house; lot 44x125; fenced; close to
cars; can sell on terms.
$1200 — 5-room house; lot 40x110; bath and
toilet; street complete; cement walks;
close to cars; only $200 cash needed.
$1500— 5-room house; new, modern; large lot;
$150 cash, balance $16 per month.
$2350 — Elegant 7-room house, barn, stable.
wagon shed, windmill and tank: street
complete: close to cars; well worth $3000.
$2e00 — Fine 7-room house and 2 lots, facing
different streets: street work complete;
every convenience: 3 car lines pass tha
door- only $C0O cash required.
INVESTMENT SNAP.
$.1000 Handsome new store and flat building;
finely located: will rent for $33 per mo.;
only $1000 cash required. •
W. C. MORAN. Lorin Station, or
[y«: c. C. EMSL IE. Ashby Station.
GET IN ON THE GROUND FLOOR.
Call and see those sightly acre Iota la the
University Heights Tract, adjoining the college
grounds. Prices very reasonable, terms to suit.
W. J.- MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center st, Berkeley.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY. ~~*
Lots In the beautiful Wheeler Tract a_ I
Daley's Scenic Park. Every lot has street work
done, view unexceled anywhere on the coast.
See our new houses tor sale. ¦
ANYWHERE IN TOWN. ! /{H
W. J. MORTIMER _ CO.. ¦ T*'
Successors to Mortimer _ May,
2131 Center St. Berkeley.
$2500— HOUSE of S rooms and bath; lot 42xl3».
$300o — House of S rooms and bath; Telegraph
ave.
$2350— House of 8 rooms and bath; lot 40x133.
$2700 — House of 6 rooms and bath.
$240O— House of 6 rooms and bath; near Ber-
ryman.
$2500— House of 5 rooms and bath: lot 80x133.
$2500— House of 6 rooms and bath; Telegraph.
ave.
$3500 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; every-
thing modern; near station and electric
railroad: cash or Installments.
$7000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; thor-
oughly modern; furnace, etc.; fine corner
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate.
I Eerkeley station.
CHENEY _ BERRY'S SPECIALS! ~ ""
$7500 — 600 feet on Clareraont ave.: —Ill sell
this as a whole or in lots of 100 feet frontage.
$650— Bonta ave.; hillside lot, 60x175; ma-
rine view; snap.
Factory site on -water front and railroad;
West Berkeley: $10 per front foot
$3350 — 6-room house, new: near car line;
street work done; easy terms.
10 lots near Grove St.; $400 to $500; install-
ments.
600 feet on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY.
;-- ¦•; ¦ ¦-. P. O. Block. Berkeley.
$1250 — BIG sr.an: cot tie* of ft rooms and
basement; well and fine tankhouse: large
lot; close to cars.
$1500— Good house, 8 rooms and bath: close to
station; easy terms; great chance.
JVTST THE THING.
$2700— New modern 2-story colonial house, S
, rooms, bath and hall, paneled dining-
room, tinted walls, combination fixtures,
etc.: fine location: close to station; Im-
proved street: easy terms.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station.
NO. 58 — ?1060 — Northeast corner; lot 50x133-
. suitable for 2 bulldtnss; close to street and
steam cars.
No. 100— $7250— Business property; the lot
Is worth more than askinc price.
No. 62— $050— Lot 45x120: North Berkeley;
cheap.
8. S. QUACKENBU.JH. '
Real Estate, ; ' '
Insurance, !
2171 Shattuck ave., '
- Berkeley. Cal.
$1500—1 ACRE, near station: cars and
Ch *-E5_> J ™ he V 11 "* r 1 r a c "icken ranch
$2000— 5-room cottaee. bath and toilet- •»
blocks from station: electric cars naw Hni™"
lot 40x120^,40, -^.™&SS-1S_:
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley "station.
LAWTON & ALBEE. real estate, have for sale
Berkeley homes, residence and buslnesi lot»
"i.™'^ P ricea = choice Investment proSertT
6 ***«*»« to 10 per cent net'r^Tto
either bank In Berkeley. 2138 Center it-
REAL ESTATE--CITY-- FOR- SALE.
LYON _ HOAQ..;....... 116 Montgomery st.
A GOOD INVESTMENT ON SECOND ST.
$4650— Two flats of tt and 7 rooms and bath;
brick foundation: new plumbing; Tent $45;
good future to this property.
$3000— Rents $28; fine cottage on Alabama
st., near 25th; large lot. 29x100; there is also
a splendid cottage of 6 rooms and bath in rear.
BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET.
$10.250 — Kolsom St.. near 5th; through to
Shipley; store and flats; In fine condition;
rents $87 50; all adjoining property held much
higher.
A FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$15,500-^Lot 60x90; on 24th st. nr. Folsom:
improvements consist of 5 houses, 3 stores and
2 flats; also 4 dwellings; total rents $111:
could be Increased.
$2500— $500 cash: balance $27 monthly, in-
cluding- Interest; a new house on Elizabeth st,
near Diamond; contains 6 rooms and bath; 2
mantels; cost much more than price asked.
$3250 — 15th st, near Howard; splendid bar-
gain; good 2-story house, 6 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; owner must so East.
SWELL FLATS CLOSE TO TOWN.
$11,000 — Jones st. : 2 unexceptional flats, con-
taining 7 and 9 rooms. . bath. etc. ; rooms extra
large; lot 27:6x112:6; rents $85.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$6800 — Two brand new flats of 5 rooms and
bath each; very prettily decorated; rents $50;
lot 25x137:6. ••._;
NICE HOME IN THE MISSION.
$3200 — Near Sanchez and 16th sts. ; modern
5-room cottage, with high basement and brick
foundation; good plumbing. -
£ $2700 — Near 17th and Diamond sts.; cozy cot-
tage of 4 large rooms and bath; in good condi-
tion; modern piumblns: lot has 2 frontages. ¦
$7000 — A snap: 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath; Clayton st, near Waller; rents $57 50;
street work done; abundance of light
$2650 — A fine 2-story house of 6 r. _ b.; large
basements; 2 flue mantels and modern In every
respect; brick foundation; easy terms; 25th st,
near Castro.
$1850 — Fine bay-window cottage of 6 large
rooms arid bath; large lot, 26x114; on 25th st,
near Dolores. This is a snap.
Call for our complete printed list of property
for sale In all sections of the city.
¦ LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery st
LOT 50x125; $400. m .,„„
TERMS, 10 PER CENT CASH.
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Splendid lots in the tract right at the station
of Mill Valley: wtreets graded; water mams
laid; over 90 lots sold within the past six
months: many attractive homes have been
built; new electric road is a great success and
will undoubtedly Increase land values. Agent
on the ground Sundays.
LYON & HOAQ, 116 Montgomery st
THE very choicest lots In the Panhandle Die-
Lo'ts In the block bounded by Haight. Pago.
Ashbury sts and Masonic ave. offered for the
first time; beyond question they are the best
la the famous Panhandle District
Prices $2650 and upward; terms, one-fifth
cash, balance one, two. three and four years.
Surrounded by fine Improvements; car lines
on three of the four streets; level; streets ac-
cepted: no land in the city at the price pays
as well when Improved: no land Improving In
value so rapidly; no better Investment; no
¦ choicer sites for flats or residences; get our
prices before buying.
• • • LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS, gQNTq6a< - CT „.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
New modern up-to-date 7 rooms and bath;
-only $1250.
20 LOTS. 20 LOTS.
Just put on the market: on Frederick st, one
block from Stanyan, facing into Golden Gate
Park: all ready to build on; a fine chance for
a builder; prices from $1250 to $1600; cheapest
lots in the market
SUTTER. NEAR FILLMORE.
12 new beautiful sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each: lot 65x137:6; all rented for $360
per month; price $40,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Only $1250; lot 25x112:6; street bltumln-
ized; snap. ¦'-."¦'
FELL-ST. FLATS.
Fronting on the Park Panhandle, near Lyon
st: 4 and 5 rooms; rent $46; lot 25x100 feet;
price $C000.
LARKIN ST.. NEAR SUTTER. CORNER
LOT.
Fine new eunny modern apartment house:
19 apartments, 3 and 4 room* each; bath,
closet and basin In each apartment; hot water,
gas, electric lights, etc.: guaranteed lease for
5 years at $500 per month; price $62,500.
CHEAP CORNER ON MAIN STREET.
South of Market, east of Eighth st. ; lot 75x
75;- store and fiats; rents $87 60 monthly:
price $11,000; the rents are extremely low;
spend $1000 and you can make the rents $150.
IN THE MISSION.
Two flats and two stores; lot 36:8x87:6; rent-
ed for $71: Price $7200.
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
ON EASY TERMS.
A FINE CHANCE
To secure a beautiful marine view lot over-
looking Golden Gate and the ocean; on main
driveway to Sutro Heights; gas and water in:
street cars pass; these lots will soon be worth
big 'money: buy one on easy terms; prices only
$350 up to $550; you won't get this chance
again.
FINE LOTS.
On north side of Jackson et., n«ar Devlsa-
dero; 27:6 feet frontage; prices $3750 to $5750.
SACRAMENTO-ST. CORNER.
60 feet frontage ; both streets bltumlnized
and accepted; cheapest corner in the Western
Addition; only $5000.
Send for list of cheap lots In all parts of the
city. McAFEE BROTHERS,
. 108 Montgomery st.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. ~
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 MARKET ST.
$7,000— Cash; pays 24 per cent per annum;
rents $1962; 2 stores and 6 new modern
',.-; v 1 '-: flats; porcelain tubs, sanitary plumbing;
everything the latest: lot 71:8x90. On
a fine business street of the Mission;
these properties are rented extremely
low , and are always rented.
$6,250 — Rents $720; 2 handsome modern flats
on Stelner St., near Sutter; lot 25x100.
$9,250 — Rents. low, $1056; north side of Sutter
st, near Flllmore; 3 modern flats; lot
, *- 25x100.
$8.500 — Rents $900; 5 fiats on Clementina St.
near Fourth.
$5,000 — Large handsome modern 2-story resi-
dence, 8 rooms and bath; on Castro st,
near Market: lot 25x1 00.
$9,000 — 2-story building used a? a factory;
could be converted Into 4 flats at a
very small expense; rents at present
$900; large lot, 50x100; on Tenth St.,
near Howard.
$12,000 — Two modern residences on the best
part of Stelner St.; rents $1200; the lot
alone, size 66:6x110, is worth the ask-
« "'V ing price.
$41,000 — 15:10x137:6; Main st, near Market;
3-story brick bulldlnz.
$6.000 — 2 modern flats on Fell ft,, facing
Golden Gate Park: lot 25x100.
$15,500 — 4 modern, well-built flats' on Webster
st, near Geary: rents low for $1410;
grand lot, 60x137:6.
$22,500— Double apartment house. 21 rooms; 4
flats on rear street; lot 41:8x120; north
side of Golden Gate ave.. near Van
Ness ave.
$7,500 — 3 modern flats; north side of McAl-
lister st; rents $840; lot 25x137:6; 7
years old; well built.''
$3,800—2 : splendid flats, nearly new, on 21st
st, near Castro: rented very low for
$432;. lot 25x114.
$3,100—2 new, modern flats, 4 and' 5 rooms
and bath each: new plumbing; fine con-
dition;- rents $372; on Glover st, near
Leavenworth. . .
$7,250 — 2 modern, . up-to-date "flats and a cot-
tage of 2 rooms; Scott st, near Girls'
High School; rents $310; one of the best
' buys on the market ¦:_",<¦'¦
$3,250 — Handsome modern residence. . 6 rooms
and bath: on California st. near 2d ave.
$250 — 2 good lots, ready for building-, in
Gift' Map No. 3: lots 25x70 each.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st
A FEW SNAPS. « - - ¦' ~~
Northeast corner Nlnteenth and Dolores ets.;
lot 120x126; opposite new park.
¦ Dolores st, near Twenty-fourth; 2 large flats;
lot 28x117:6 to rear street. :
¦ Dolores st, near Twenty-fourth; lot 25x117:6
to rear street. '
• $7700— Sanchez st. near Sixteenth; 3 flats, 6
rooms and bath • each.
$2000— Church st; fine corner lot
$2100— Church st : store and flat.
$2700—2 flats, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x125.
$2200 — Thirtieth st: 2 fine building lots. 50x
114 : small amount cash. - ;
$2300 — Sanchez st. ; cottage, 4 rooms.
¦ Waller st. : fine residence, , 9 roomi. and bath.
Pine st, near Taylor:, 3 new flats.
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall square.
MUST { sell my cottage," 6 - r. and bi in Rich-
mond District. 1 block from Geary-st cars;
- basement, brick foundation. etc.;< lot' 37:6x
'V-120; am asking $2500: terms If desired. Ap-
Ply. 334 Third ave.. Richmond District.
$100 DOWN and $15 month for cottage, 4 r. and
b. on Nevada ave. : Cottage of 4 r., San Jose
ave.. $100 dpwn and$l? 50 per month. 1
•' -$350 down and $20 month. 6 r. and b..'bn
' ; . Duncan ' at. . D. Coffin & iCo., ¦ 3303 ; Mission.
$3100— CORNER : lot 00x110; "Webster st.;'near
Filbert; level and ready to, build on; Rood lo-
cation for flats; must sell.?: See owner," P.' H
M.,' 3009 Buchanan st . "
HOUSES ; built cheap; plans free. :• Room 430
/.Parrott building. . ¦
FINELY 3 fin." residence,* complete In every : re-'
' spect; i fin. basement and attic. -; 830 Aahbury.
8AJC FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nlrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayet street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
tSi McAU'.rter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lerkln ctreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mls«lon street; open until 10 p. m.
_£1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
_ttl o v. m. : .>"3
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until t p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky artreets; open until 9 p. m.
g00 Flllmore street: open until P p. m.
REAL ESTATE^^ITjr---FOR SALE.
BPECK _ CO.. _
667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT
COLLECTORS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
BELECTED INVESTMENTS.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000— Annual rents $5172; beautiful modern
building; lot S7xS5; pays over 10 per
cent; rents $431.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,000— 137 :«xl37:6; substantial Improve-
ments; insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at 5's per cent can remain;
pays 6 per cent net.
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$4S,000— One and a half blocks from Market
st; 47 fert front; cheapest downtown
corner to be had near Market St.; a
chance to make a turn at good advance.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$40,000— Lot S2x275; 2 frontages; lOti rooms:
rents $350; 1 tenant; can be easily
le&sc-d at $400.
GOLDEN" GATE AVE.
$23.500 — Goldtn Gate, near Van Ness ave. I
42x_0: 2 frontares; rents $144: rents
can be increased to $170; fine site for
apartmrnt house.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$30,000— Stores and lodging-house; rents $165;
lot 30 ft. frontage ; pay* over 9 per cent
$18,600— Vicinity Haight and Scott; 68:3x
137 :«: fine Improvements; rents $140 a
month.
SAXSOME-ST. CORNER.
$17,500 — Businefrs corner: stores, basement and
floor above; rents $163; pays 11 per
cent.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17,500 — Choice location; 14 rooms and bathe;
8 bedrooms; lot 29x137:6 feet
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500— OTarrell «t., east of Van Ness; pays
10 per cent net by assuming $9000
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120
leet; 2 frontages.
WASHINGTOX-ST. RESIDENCE.
$15.000— Modern 12-room residence; marine
view; building alone cost more than
price asked; lot 40x128 feet.
PINE- ST. CORNER.
$12,000 — £outhe&«t corner Pine and Webster
•t». ; C2:<''XlOO; splendid site for flats.
ELEVENTH ST.
$13,500 — 50x200 feet; 'i frontages; old' improve-
ments; tine site for storage, drayage or
automobile garage purposes.
$7.000 — Three good fltts in Mission; rents $65
a month.
$6,500— Three fine fiats; vicinity Eighteenth
and Castro; rents $5S a month; lot
*T>xl25
$i,000^Kour good flats in Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.
$S,500 — Washington St., near Spruce: lot
00x127 :Sf*; worth $9000: want offer.
$2,C50 — New cottage in M2_ ion; « rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1.400 — Curner lot near Golden Gate Park;
25x100 feet.
SPECK _ CO.. 667 Market st
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
203 Montgomery St., Opp. Mills Bldg.
HOW
TO
GET
RICH
12 TO 15 PER CENT GUARANTEED.
SECURITY BETTER THAN U. S. BONDS. I
CONSTANTLY INCREASING IN VALUE. '
LOCATIONS WHICH MUST ALWAYS RENT
LOOK AT THE PRICES— THEN THE RENTS
PURCHASE PRICE SOON PAID
BACK BY RENTS
PRICE $6750 — RENTS $SS8.
Fllln-.ore-st. cars one block; 4 new flats; elec-
tricity and gas, tiled mantels, tinted walls, j
frescoed ceiling*, porcelain bath tubs, concrete
foundation; bitumen street, cement walks front,
side and rear; enormous sacrifice; must be sold.
PRICE $4750— RENTS $660.
Key lot to main car line business et. south
of Market St.; large frontage; 5 flats; $2450
xaortf&ge.
PRICE $5500— RENTS $S52.
Near Fillmore and Geary sts.; 3 flats, 4, 5. 6
rooms and bath; fully furnished; furniture In-
cluded in the above price: good condition; sani-
tary plumbing; brick foundation.
PRICE $4750— RENTS $588.
Main car line street routh of Market st,
north side: attractive well-built building; 4
Cats; good condition; near 5tb st.
PRICE $7000— RENTS $906.
Three new up-to-date Mission flats. 6-6-7
rooms and bath; few feet from 14th st
PRICE $10,000— RENTS $1176.
Pierce st.. 3 elegant new up-to-date flats, T
roo_s and bath t-ach; choice neighborhood.
PRICE $10,750— RENTS $1260.
Pa«-e «., north side; lot 25x100; 3 new up-
to-date flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; bargain.
NELSON. JOHNSON _ CO..
205 Montgomery st.. Opp. Mills Eldg.
™ R. D. CRANSTON _ SONS,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
114 Montgomery srt
LOTS.
CHOICE LOTS CHEAP.
LOTS.
Frcnticg en Ashbury St., between Page and j
Haicht: the cream of one of the finest residence j
sections o! the city: level and ready for build-
ing. See them to-day. Take Haight or Ellis
et. cars ar.J get off at Ashbury st.
$3,2T>0 — North side of Page st., between Cole
ar.J Shradcr; only one left; _>xl37:fl.
SPECIAL.
$1.200 — $300 below market value: two good
: ' j -%. bullcing lots on Eighteenth tt.. near
Cafitro: cars pass property: street bitu-
tntr.lzed; must be sold this week.
34,c» — Fine large lot. 27:0x137:0. on sunny
side of Haicht i>t., near Devlsadero.
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$3,100 — Look at this; just completed; splendid
5-room cottare In Mission warm belt.
tT.r.OO— A snap: rent StSlH a year; on Fell st,
near Buchanan, running through to
rear street: 27:«5xl2O.
$2,200 — A pick-up: two cottages paying o\-er
$30 a month, and lot 25x129 on 48th
ave.. near J st; crand marine view
110,500 — Magnificent home of 15 large sunny
rooms; beautiful lawn, garden, etc.;
mortgage of (9500 can remain; lot 37x
1O6: rimr Golden Gate Park.
$9,000 — Price reduced to close an estate: on
Athbury »t., near Waller; beautiful
new home of 9 rooms and bath, hard-
wood finish, etc.
$S,000 — Four splendid flats near Bush and
Franklin sta.; rent $816 a year; lot
60x00.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG _ CO.
Room 2, 7th floor, Mills Building.
$170,000 — Choice corner on New Montgomery
St.. new 7-story and basement brick
building: will pay 6 per cent net.
$15.000— Clay st.. Presidio Heights, new Col-
onial residence: 10 rooms, furnace* up
to date.
$6.000— Willard st.. College Heights; modern
residence. 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 37:0
fror.t; stable, etc.
$3,100— Welth st. near 4th; S flats; annual
rents $444 : water $2 40.
$10.000 — Washington tt.. west of Baker «t •
lot 75x128: splendid site for flats.
$35.00i> — Corner Broadway and Baker St.; 125x
¦ elevated lot. superb marine view.
$Z3,500 — Six new flats, modern throughout-
large lots, buildings detached, well
rented: pay handsomely. Broderick st.
near Union *t
15,750 — New flats on Greenwich st., 5 and 6
rooms each; pay fine Income
Ross Valley. Fine list of properties of every
kind, vacant and Improved, $320 to
$35,000. directly on line of North Shore
.new electric R. R.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG _ CO.
$1400— MODERN cottage, 6 rooms and bath-
city water: lot 50x100; $150 cash. $25 month'
J400 — Lot 40x135: near electric cars.
*4M_-Cabln. 1 room; lot S2xl25. nr. station
JJ7.Vj — Cottage junt built; 5 rooms, bath"
bfc*ement; lot 35x160: easy payments *
*350— Lot 40x100; fenced; $10 month.
$1500— Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 35x100; esey
payments.
$1200— House. S rooms, barn, well; macad
$1500— 5-room cottage: redwood finish- elec-
tric lights; hot and cold water; easy pay-
nwnts. ,
$_«O— A natural park of about 1 acre, with
fine oak trees, ravine and superb views- near
university grounds and new hotel site.
$2500— 2-*tory It-room house, barn, chicken
*heds. well, fruit trees; grazing land adjoin-
ing: lot 155x207: easy payments.
CHAP. A. BAILEY. 1050 University ave
ntar San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
CHEAP HOMES AND SNAPS.
$2400 — Cottage, & rooms and bath; lot 25x100-
Preclta ave.; cars pass the door; $500 cash'
$1300— Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25x80: Folsom st;
half block from cars; street work all done.
$3300 — $5(10 cash: 2-story. 7 rooms; modern; lot
20x125; fine neighborhood; between Twenty-
flrth and Twenty-sixth at*.. Fair Oaks.
$2100 — Cottage. .4 rooms and stable; unfinished
basement; can be made into a flat; Duncan
st. runny side, bet Guerrero ar,d Dolores.
$1100— Lot 25x125; Fair Oaks st. bet Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side; fine
neighborhood: lots in same block held at
C2O00; $200 cash, balance long time..
J. F. FLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
. AUCTION.
AUCTION.
. 1 AUCTION. . .....
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Of Investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom MONDAY,
October 12, 1903, at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
No. 773-5-7 Bush St., between Powell and
Maton; Improvements consist of 3 flats of 5-5-11
rooms and bath each; rents $78 per month; lot
22x54; subject to confirmation by the Superior
Court.
W. K. VAN ALEN ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Nos. 912-14 Pine St.. bet. Mason and Taylor
rts.: Improvements consist of 2 substantial
dwellings of 14-22 rooms and bath each; rents
$13S per month; an excellent location for an
apartment house or hotel; lot 55x155; subject
to confirmation by the Superior Court. •
ELLEN GALLAGHER ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
No. 405 Gough st. and No. 317 Ivy ave., bet
Hayes and Fell sts. ; improvements consist of
two houses of 7-10 rooms and bath each and
cottatre of 4 rooms;- all In good order and
steadily rented for $900 per annum; lot 80x75;
subject to confirmation by th«s Superior Court.
NINTH-STREET CORNER.
NE. cor. of Ninth and Tehama st*.. bet.
Howard and Folsom sts.; choice building lot'
2RiS0; this corner Is admirably situated on ono
of the coming business streets and a short dis-
tance from Market, Hayes and Larkln sts.
CHOICE MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 3681-3 Twenty-fourth tt, nr. Dolores; 2
modern, well-built flats of 4-5 rooms and bath
each; rents low, $33 per month; lot 25x100.
CHOICE MISSION INVESTMENT.
Nos. 134-8 Fourteenth st. N. line, nr. How-
ard; good substantial Improvements, consist of
4 front flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each and 2
flats of 4 rooms and bath each In rear court:
rents $108 per menth; all In perfect order and '
steadily rented: lot 38x156.
PARTITION SALE.
NE. cor. of Twelfth and Harrison sts.; un-
improved lot 50x100.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Noe. 69-8 Rausch St. and No. 668 Clementina
St.. bet. Howard and Folsom. Seventh and
Eighth; Improvtments consist of- 2 flats of 5-6
rocrns and bath each and 3 tenements of 4-5
rooms each; rents $68 50 per month; 25x112:6,
with L 25x82; two frontages.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 8241 Mission st.. E. line, close to the
Junction of Mission and .Valencia; Improve-
ments consist of cotatge of 6 rooms and bath;
lot 4Sx£0.
MISSION HOME. -
¦ No. 1004 Sanchez st, bet. Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth: a splendid two-story bay-
' window dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; lot
25x100.
CHOICE MISSION HOLDINGS.
Twenty-fourth Et.. N. line. bet. Valencia and
Mission; 4 choice building lots, 27:6 and 35x75;
two corners.
ALSO
No. 238 Bartlett et.. nr. Twenty-fourth: im-
provements consist of a two-story frame dwell-
ing of 10 rooms and bath, arranged and rented
an two flats; rents $42 per month; lot 36x117:6;
two frontages.
McMAHON ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
The following two lots must be sold to close
the above estate :
No. 1.
Central ave.. E. line, bet Clay and Wash-
ington sts.; unimproved lot, 30x100.
No. 2.
Clay st, N. line, bet Lyon and Central ave.:
unimproved lot, 25x90; subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court.
For catalogue and further particulars apply,
G. H.-UMBSEN — CO.. 20 Montgomery st
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$30.000— McAllister st. and Ash ave.; 2 3-story
houses of 10 rooms and bath on Mc-
Allister st. and 4 2-story houses of 5-6
rooms and bath on Ash ave. ; rents $150;
bay windows, brick foundation, etc.;
82:6x120.
$23,000— Near City Hall; 2 houses of 6 rooms
each. 2 flats of 6 rooms and 6 flats of 3
rooms *acfc; bay windows, brick foun-
dation, etc.; rents $18S; lot 103 ft. front.
$1S,000— Rents $1440 per annum; sunny cor-
ner: large lot: 3 elegant modern flats
of S rooms and bath each; should pay
$1800 per annum.
$16,500 — BuFlncss comer on Third et. ; old im-
provements rent for $<>00 per annum.
$14.000— Rents $1440 per annum; 3 elegant new
modern flats of 7 rooms and bath each
on Geary St.. near Laguna; 27:»5x87:6.
$3 000 — Builders, attention: beautifully situ-
ated corner. 100x87:6, overlooking the
, city and Golden Gate Park; both streets
accepted; a cheap lot.
For further particulars of the above, and for
the Real Estate Record containing a list of
properties for sale In all parts of the city. In-
quire at our • office.
G. II. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots; close to Du.
boce Park: bltumlnized streets; lots level
and ready to build on: a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price; dia-
gram, price and all further particulars at
our office. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$67.500— Larkin, near Geary; improved with
stores and flats, renting for $450 per month.
GEARY-ST. NEW FLATS.
$14,500—27:6 feet frontage; 3 new flats:
r^ntfi $122 50; in the most desirable portion of
Geary st. :.,-'
COR. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK STS.
$10,000 — Ul :«xll0; NW. corner Ashbury and
Frederick; fine site for residence or flats.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000 Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms
and bath each; renting for $S5.
Sold by order of the executors — Corner Steln-
er and Fell sts.; 35x100; corner Oak and Kill-
more sts.: 35x100: large Oak-st. lot. 40x137:0;
Oak st, near Stelner. The above property must
be sold at once to cloee an estate; no reason-
able offer will be rejected.
BUCHANAN-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
$8000 — 50 feet on Buchanan st., near Sutter;
very desirable locality for either a home or
flats.
MISSION HOME.
$S250 — 37x00 to rear street: San Jose ave.,
near 25th; 8 rooms and bath; In the warm belt.
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5200 — 41:6x125; Union st, near Van Ness
avenue.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4500 — Laguna st., near Union; two modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
CORNER GEARY AND BRODERICK.
$4000—25x92; improvements, flats renting for
$36 per month.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
2 lots, 25x87:6 each; Fillmore, near CFar-
rell; fine locality for flats; must be sold.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGE.
$2600—28x125; Diamond, near 18th; cottage
with stable; must be eold at once; cheapest
bargain in the Mission.
B. GETZ. ROOM 22, CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard LotsEU
New Level Block on the Market
All Lots and Corners Have Grand Ocean View.
FlretCome — First Served.
$100 to $400; Splendid Bargains; $5 Monthly.
19TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS I!!
THE CREAM OF THE SUNSET!!!
LOOK AT THEM YOU'LL LIKE THEM
Elevated— Level — Graded— Ready to Build On
On Very Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS'.!!
WARM BELT QF THE MISSION!!!
If You Haven't Seen Them Go at Once!
Choicest "Home" Bldg. Lots Perfectly Level
$150 up.... $5 month.... On Mlsslon-st car line
$300 to $1200.... Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$1000 to $5000— New Cottages — Easy Terms.
Eunset, Richmond and Excelsior.
"Buy Direct from Owner".... ..Title Perfect.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property. .
$13,000— Taylor-st. Investment near Sutter:
lot 22:11x87:6; new building here would
pay well.
$8,600— Fine house of 10 rooms and large
basement: Grove st. near Flllmore; N.
side; good neighborhood.
$4,500— Lots, E. side Vermont S. of 25th:
ready to build on: 183x100.
$5,500 — Lot north side Post st, near Buchan-
• an; 25:10x90.
$8,000 only for 19 lots on 13th ave. and B st.,
between Point Lobos ave. and Park"
must be sold as a whole; will front on
the new park; a snap. .
$5,100— Lot on SW. cor. Larkln and Lombard
sts.: 25x105; magnificent marine view
from everv window.
$3,000— Lot Franklin, near Filbert:' 53xlOO*
street sewered.
$2.000— Lot Filbert St.. between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin st.; 33:4x137:6; street
sewered and :>aved.
$4,000— Lot, Greenwich st, between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin st.: 06:8x137-6
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st
BEAUTIFUL home ; modern ; * 6 " rooms ; front
and back, garden; will sacrifice; 239 Parker
ave.; take Geary-st cars; see to-day.
REAL ESTAT_--CITY--F£R^SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
$24,000— Thtrd-st cor. : rents $125 month; should
be $1GO; splendid location for new im-
provements; this is one of the only cor-
ners on Third at. for sale and will dou-
ble in value In a short time; new plumb-
ing, etc. ; mortgage of $15,000 can remain
at 0 per cent.
$18,000— Rents $175 a month; new building, con-
taining 2 large stores and 2 elegant flats
of 8 rooms and bath each; fine business
corner In the Western Addition; lot
35x100 feet.
$12,000— Rents $125- a month; business corner
on Fremont st: store and 3 fine houses
of 7-8 and 16 rooms; lot 45x92:6 feet
$18,000— Webster St., near Hayes; 75 ft front-
age: 4 elegant bay-window houses of 6-7
rooms and bath; at a slight expense this
property could be made to pay hand-
somely on the Investment: present in-
come $11(54 a year.
$9,750— Rents $1020 a year; 2 swell flats of
9-8 rooms, porcelain bath; most elegantly
finished: on Jackson St., near Jones;
25x112:0 feet.
$9.750— Jones St.. near Jackson, 47 feet front-
ages; 2 flats of 5-6 rooms and bath; also
2-story house of 10 rooms and bath;
rents $840 a year.
$7,750 — Two swell modern flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath; basement and electric lighting
throughout; rents $65 month; large lot,
32x110 feet; sunny side of street: on
Pine st : mortgage of $3500 can remain
at 6 per cent.
$6,250— Reduced from $7500; 2 modern bay-
window flats of 6-7 rooms and bath; rent
$570 year; en Buchanan st, near Union.
$6.000— Biggest bargain on Golden Gate ave.:
3 bay-window flats of 4-5-6 roomn and
bath; 6unny side of street; rents $624 a
year; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$5,000 — Rents $504 year; three beautiful mod-
ern flats of 4 rooms and bath; nine foot ;
basement, with gas. concrete bulk head
and foundation; 30 feet frontage; owner
compelled to tell; near Jones and Union.
$4,000— Snap; worth $4500; 27:6x120 feet; with
2 frontages on Turk st. ; present im-
provements pay $360 a year: owing to a
large mortgage thle property will be
sacrificed. '
$4,000 — This property must absolutely be sold
this week; substantial building, contain-
ing store and flat of 7 rooms; the rents
are $47. 50 a month and could be In-
creased; established grocery doing a fine
business; near 4th and Harrison sts.
$4,000— Leavenwbrth st.; grand little bargain;
2 flats and stable in rear; rents very
low for $37 60 a month; 2 frontages;
splendid surroundings.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st
BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 25
$5.250— Bryant st, near Third; price reduced
from $6500; 2 flats of 4 and 6 rooms;
rents $38.
$4,000— Rents $40; Clement-st. building of 4
flats of 4 rooms each. ....
$3,300— Alvarado st, near Sanchez; new build-
Ing of 0 rooms and bath: lot 25:6x114;
easy terms can be arranged.
$6,500— Howard-st. residence of 9 rooms and
bath; lot 42:0x115 to rear street; bargain.
$3,250— Choice building lot on Howard st, ad-
joining above residence; 30x115 to rear
street.
$25.000— Rents $155; Leavenworth st. near
Turk; lot 25x137:6: front and rear
buildings in , good order; choice down-
town Investment
$24,000— Mortgage $15,000 at 6 per cent can re-
main; only corner on Third st. for sale;
will surely double In value within a short
time; pre'sent buildings In good order;
new plumbing; rents low at $1500 per
year; splendid location for new perma-
nent Improvements.
$17,000 — Only $7000 cash needed, balance can |
remain on mortgage at 6 per cent: new
property stores and flats; large lot. 73 !
feet frontage; rents $163 50 per month;
rents $1362 per annum net after paying 1
Interest on Investment of only .$7000.
$17,500 — Large corner. Improved with stores on
ground floor, rooms above: present rents
$132 50 per month — notices have been
served increasing rents to $186 per
month: this Is a splendid Investment.
$17,500— Extra large lot. 37:6x120, on Golden
Gate ave., fronting Jefferson square; an
Ideal epot for small apartment house or
hotel; present Improvements rent low at
$114 month; this can be made a hand-
some paying Investment If properly Im-
proved, and eold at a splendid profit
$8500— RENTS $81.
$8,500 — Rented low at $81 per month: can be
increased; large lot on north side of Sac-
ramento st. 31:3x127:8%: 4 flats in good
order and condition; very low rents; an
opportunity to obtain a bargain.
MADISON & BURKE, '
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
Sacramento st.. between Larkln and Polk; 3
houses and lot 55x118, paying: large in-
come; only $16,000 asked.
Flllmore st, corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Flllmore; the
larrest and finest corner on . the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st. 60-vara lot, corner Lyon; an ele-
gant, sightly building location; commands
grand, unobstructed view and best neigh-
borhood In city; only $30,000.
$8000 — To dose an -estate; Dolores st, near!
Sixteenth: 3 houses; rents $60; large lot;
must sell immediately; call for particu-
lars.
$9000 — Hayes-st. investment, near Buchanan; 2
buildings: rents $68 50 per month; 27:6x
120 to rear street.
$2350 — Shotwell st., near 24th; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 22:3x122:6.
Cheap home; only $2300; on Twentieth st.,
near Guerrero: 4 rooms and bath; cottage
and lot 25x114. •
LOTS
$4200— Stelner st, near ©"Fan-ell; 25x109:9.
$2500 — Lots on Larkln, near Broadway; $100
per foot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter, Post and
Steiner sts. in sizes to suit.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
' ave. and Baker st, in sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
$1500 — Snap; northeast corner Sanchcs and
Valley sts.; 26:6x100.
MADISON _ BURKE,
20 Montgomery st, opp. Lick House.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED 1-ROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORB
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUJL.DING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
"A PURCHASER OF PROPERTY OR
MORTGAOEE taking a policy of title Insur-
ance in the California Title Insurance and j
Trust Company has the advantage of an exam-
ination made by skilled experts, backed by
the guarantee of the company and coupled
With a great saving of time and expense."
THERE 18 BUT ONE WAY TO ATTAIN i
PERFECT security in purchasing or taking a
mortgage on real estate, and that la to have
the title Insured.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates,
regular trust company business transacted
under State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:.
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHO^ £_£_gi:
ROBERT BRUCE. G^^
HENRY L. pre8 , d - ent CallfornJa optical Co.
P N LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY. m •-
. .-¦ .¦ Olney & Olney, Atty s and Counselors.
CHARLES p PAGE icCutchen & Knlghtr 'aX^
A T SPOTT8
Mgr.' Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING piteiiBtj B30 • 6imm^. Bt
6-ROOM HOUSE AND 3 LEVEL LOTS. '
Easy monthly payments; • located half block
from cars- has barn, chicken houses and other
conveniences. OSCAR ¦ HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
5-ROOM HOUSE AND 3 LEVEL LOTS. "_ ¦; . ' '
On easy monthly payments; located half block
from cars; has barn, chicken houses and other
conveniences. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post - St.
114 PER CENT ON YOUR INVESTMENT.
We have two newly built flats of 4 and 6
rooms in Richmoca District, half block from 3
car lines; you can buy them on easy.; terms;
rent one. occupy the other; that's the way to
buy. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. ¦ ¦
N. H. LANG _ CO., 40 Montgomery St..
1 Exclusive Dealers in Probate and Bank Realty.
•4000— Stylish, up-to-date residence in : Mis-
sion warm belt; Just completed: containing .7
rooms and bath, elegant finished plumbing and
hardware throughout; adjoining . homes .. have
all found new owners within last two months;
sold to close partnership account; easy, terms
If desired. ¦ -"¦ '-. ¦-.-¦ .
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
$2100— Cor. Twenty-fifth and Wisconsin sts.;
new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and - : basement;
good location for grocery; $300 down $15 month.
$1750— Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement: $300 down,* $15 a month; Wisconsin
st ; near Twentv-flf th. ¦.
$2400 — House 1 of 2 flats 'and attic;' basement,
I rear house: vicinity Mason and Filbert sts.
REAL ESTATE CITY—FOR SALE.
CENTER _ SPADER, ' „, ,
11 Montgomery st. Lick House Block.
$26,500.
Hayes st: substantial business property; pay-
Ing over 8 per cent net; secured lease; large
lot, 35x120; two frontages.
$26,000.
Rents $165; choice corner on Washington st.
inside Larkln; well Improved; Urge lot. 60
ft frontage.
$23,500. ¦
Rents $175; 6 new up-to-date corner flats. 6
rooms each; choice location; largo lot, 90 feet
front. S4 feet vacant
$16,000. „_ ___
Rents $1320; modern building: 4 flats; SE. tor-
ner on Laguna st, near Haight; lot 27 feet
front
$13,500.
Snap: 4 modern flats. 7 and 8 rooms eacn:
large basement: rents $112 50 per month:
large lot. 50x137; choice location north of
Market st, and within easy walking distance
to town.
?G750. „ .„
Unlon-st corner, inside Larkin: 2 flats. 5 and a
rooms and bath, and 2-story house adjoining
of 6 rooms; well rented: lot 46 ft front
___00
Must be sold; 2 ur>-to-dat'e flats on Fair Oaks
St.. renting for $47 50 per month; large lot
30x120; make an offer.
$3750. ,
Washington st, near Cherry: bay-window cot-
tage, 6 rooms, bath and basement: large lot.
"¦' CENTER — SPADEC R.
$2250 — MODERN cottage; 5 rooms and bath; on
Twenty-third st: a genuine bargain.
$4000— 8- room house: on Sutter st, near
Baker; a snap; open Sunday. '
MISSION REALTY CO.. 2 29th gt -
MAGNIFICENT new flats for sale on Sixteenth
st.. near Church. Apply on premises; D.
CONDON, builder. .
BARGAIN— Two handsome new residences of
6 rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular: Nos. 966 and 96S
Clayton st. near Golden Gate Park: price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Montgomery «t. _|_
$11.000— APARTMENT houses: south of Mar-
ket; pays 10 per cent net after deducting all
expenses. THORNE - CO.. 312 Bush st
FOR sale— A 5-room cottage; lot 50x100 or 25x
1C0; same as paying rent. Apply 218 Brazil
ave.. Excelsior Homestead. •
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FINE income flats on Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st. owner.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to »ny address In the j
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
$7000 — EASY payments; 280 acres fine land for
fruit, table or wine grapes, Sacramento Co.:
100 acres Is creek bottom land.
$3000 — Improved dairy ranch of 40 acres,
bottom land; adjoins the town of Gait; cream-
ery Vt mile.
$C5VO— $2000 down: improved dairy ranch of
140 acres, V, bottom land; 6 miles from
Lockeford. San Joaquln Co.: plenty of feed.
$800— Improved place of 12 acres, close to
school; 9 acres bottom land: good house,
barn, water and plenty of wood; some fruit
and berries.
$400 — 10 acres choice fruit land, close to
school and neighbors; Sacramento County.
$000 For rent, 320 ocres; finely improved
grain ranch; near Acampo, San Joaquin Co.;
ForWrent on shares— Grain land, from 400
acres up; Sacramento County.
Address box 15, Gait
WANTED — To sell and exchange, fruit grain
and stock farms; city and town property;
no matter where located; salea made and
trades adjusted on ground floor basis; no
delays. INTERNATIONAL BROKERAGE
ASSN.. Inc.. 330 Pine st .
ALOHA fruit farm and Granvllle orchard in
Contra Costa County, for sale, as a whole
or subdivided: best varieties of fruit; estab-
lished places: send for pamphlet J. S.
REID. Attorney-at-Law. Mills building.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park, Colma:
fenced hedges around land; good houae;
chicken-houses, water: reasonable: chickens.
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
LARGE list of country property, fruit and
poultry farms, stock ranches, grazing and
timber lands; call or send for catalogue.
ROTHERMEL _ CO.. 507 California st
IF you want a stock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE _ CO.. 45
West Santa st.. San Jose. Cal.
$10 BUYS a 10-acre farm; write for booklet;
its free. WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. «XJ
J Bt. Sacramento. Cal.
ALALFA lands, stock ranch**, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. _ WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market st, »
LUMBER land — 060 acres redwood timber land
with new sawmill In Sonoma County will be
sold at a bargain. Box 4066. Call.
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery st.
40 ACRES vine land In Llvermoro Valley:
bouse barn and improvements; $2000. Box
4124. 'Call office. '
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit HAMILTON & KENDRICICPetaluma.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOMES
AT SAN MATEO PARK.
BAN MATEO.
Beautiful home lots, averaging about 1 acre
each, in San Mateo Park, the finest suburban
residence property near San Francisco; this
property the famous Clark Tract held for over
42 years* by the same owners, recently subdi-
vided Into cottage, bungalow and villa home
sites with wide and winding avenues; bor-
dered with thousands of costly shade trees
and comprising {he most desirable of all the
clljrlblo hom* sites in beautiful San Mateo.
Suburban electric trains now running every
20 minutes from San Francisco for San Mateo.
These villa lots will be sold on terms of one-
third cash, balance in one and two years.
For maps catalogues and full particulars
apply to or 'address BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
Real Estate Agents 25 Post st, 8. P.. or
FRANK S GRUMMON. San Mateo.
San Mateo office open Sundays. : '.- y;,, :
SAN MATEO. " ~ "~~
BURLIXOAME.
Best suburban home near San Francisco; no
ferry; electric railroad now running; lots and
residences for sale. We can sell good lots as
low as $500 each. We will be glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
TO INVESTORS.
. We have several large tracts suitable for
subdivision. We invite lnsoectlon.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco. Resident
Agent. S. O. GOODHUE, Western Union Tel-
egraph Building, San Mateo.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
OWN A LOT
IN THE CITY OF RICHMOND.
The California terminus of the Santa Fe
Railroad and Standard Oil Company la at the
city of Richmond, Just across the bay from
San Francisco, where these corporations, to-
gether with the Southern Pacific Railroad,* are
spending millions of dollars, which will make
It the greatest manufacturing city on the
Pacific Coast.
$5 per month. •
A good way to save and make money. Maps
free. RICHMOND LAND COMPANY. Crocker
building, San Francisco.
BUY A POINT RICHMOND LOT NOW.
SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
ALL LEVEL. $5 PER MONTH.
McEWEN BROS.. MS MONTGOMERY ST..
SOLE AGENTS.
WHO wants, to buy a first-class lot at a bar-
gain? Am 'compelled to sell. BROWN, 009
Larkln st. . t
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
MEXDOCINO COUNTY REAL ESTATE.
MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Great railroad and other developments going
¦ . -on there.
. Now Is the time to Invest.
We have for sale near Willits 1973 acres of
choice improved farming, fruit, grazing and
timber land, which we can sell as a whole
at the' cheap price of $15 per acre; would
also sell in subdivisions.
. . McAFEE BROTHERS.
103 Montgomery. St.. San Francisco.
OIL LANDS.
610 ACRES. ~-~~—~
Kern County, near Bakersfleld. McKltrick
district: title perfect, taxes paid: fine specula-
tion; price $3 25 per acre; It is for sale; make
offer. JULIEN J SMITH. Real Estate Agent
420 Montgomery, St., Can Francisco. Cal.
TIMBER LANDS. "
\ 640 ACRES.
Madera County ¦ of flcial report says, heavily
timbered. ' easy of aacess: only $7 per acre
JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent 420 Mont-
gomery^st; San Francisco. Cal. -¦-
REAL ESTATE ,WANTED."7~
$7500— WANTED, improved ranch' In bay coun-
ties; worth $7500, and $12,000 cash for a
new corner block with - Income of over $1500
a year; title perfect Box 4091, Call.,41
THE SAN FBAy C1SCQ CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 11, 1903.
EDCCATIOXAL.
A FASHIONABLE French kindergarten— Miss
Olga _«gur von Rappert. teacher of French
at the Beaulleu In Berkeley, begs to announce
that she will open a very select French kin-
dergarten on Tuesdays. Thursdays and Satur-
days, from l> to 11 a. m_. at her residence.
11C3 Van Nesa ave., near Geary at.. San
Franclaco. Cal.; tel. Hyde. 1S48. -
THE fan Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for men.
an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Student- bar*
gymnasium and other privilege*. Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Kills st*.
SHORTHAND la 30 days; Boyd'a Syllable; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing to confusa;
only 0 characters; easily .read; study by
mail; circulars, testimonials and first lesson
covering V* the course for two --cent stamps.
Chicago Correspondence - Schools. Incorpo-
rated. 62 National LIfo Bldg.. Chicago. 111.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. 3.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing.
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
,_ day and night sessions; lllas. catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course la all depart-
ments: handsom* catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.-- -¦'.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkia st.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured tor
graduates; modern methods; individual la-
strocUon. Write for lllust.-afd catalog-.*.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelaa bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the seaaoa.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1233
Market it.— Practical. progre-sr-». reliable;
day St evening sessions; write for catalogu*.
VIOLIN and viola instruction, lncludlnc en-
semble; beginners received: best method;
Una* moderate. Stndlo 805 Larkln. room 91.
HEALD'S School of Mines A Electrtcity.24 Post
st.. 8. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue fra*.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mla.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyaald*: day. eve.; est. 1864. Vaa
- der Nallian School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
tt., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPANI3H.Frene_.etc.Prof.D«Fi_ppVs Academy
of Lanruages,320Post;estab'dlS71: ablest profs.
ART lessons m drawing, painting, burnt work.
Klngsland Art Shop. Haight and Devlsadero.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate
ave. ; full business course; day and, evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTTNGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
KENT Law School, day and night. 538 Par-
rott building; send for particulars.
FOR sale^ — Child's violin; lovely tone. Box
4428. Call offlce. • ' '
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.: day or ere-.: $5 mo. 1024 M!»i«Jon.nr.ftth.
FLATS TO LET. •
A— HOUSES and fiats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; tt will save you time and
trouble. Cordet Furniture Co.. 2 45- _33 Geary
St.. en the square.
GREEN, between Laguna and Buchanan — 3
new flats. 7 rooms and bath and finished at-
tic; marine view.
GROVE 704 — Upper corner fiat of 7 rooms.
bath, storeroom; adults. E ASTON, ELD-
RIDGE ts. CO.
HYDE. 841. near Sutter — Eelegant modern fiat
cf 10 rooms: 2 ba.th*. McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.
LARGEST list of new flats and houses. Call
for printed list. LYOX St HOAG. 118 Mont-
gomery st.
POWELL. 0C2B — Elesant downtown flat; un-
surpassed marine view; 6 rooms and bath;
ear lines to all points.
CASTRO, near Twentieth— Upper flat. 8 sunny
rooms. latest Improvements. $27 50.
FREDERICK. 228 — Modem upper Cat of 8
room- and bath; rent $30.
HAYES. 1753. near Park — Upper sunny flat of
¦4 rooms, bath; rent $16; water free. .
MCALLISTER. 331— Unfur. parlor floor; 4 nan;
gas, bath, phone: $23;. adults; befcrs 3 p. m.
NEW. modern flat: all the latest Imp.: close la
to town. 1127 O'Farrell st., near Franklin.
SCNST bay-window flat, four rooms. 28 Weat
Mission st.. near Twelfth.
TEHAMA. 336— A nice flat to let of 4 rocir.s
and bath. ¦
UPPER sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath. yard. 18
Shotwell st.. near Fourteenth: >22 50.
$18 — 2»7A Shipley st.. near Sixth; Cat of 8
rooms and bath; nice yard: sunny.
$33 — ELEGANT corner flat. 7 rooms. 652
Church st.. near Eighteenth.
i A~BRANCH"offlcV"for~Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st.
FLATS FOR SALE FCR51SHED.
i NEATLY furnished flat of six rooms and bath;
party leaving city: will sell at a bargain;
rent reasonable. 862 Folsom st.
! SACRAMENTO. 1CC2— Furniture of sunny «-
room flat and basement for sale; reasonable;
seen Monday only.
FPRMTUKE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE 5-room bouse for sale; cheap
rent; large yard. Box 3512. Call.
FVRXITl'RE WASTED.
A WOLLPERT. 773 Mission. Dhone Rsd 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
r.iture. fiats, etc. 1105 Mission: tel. Mint 214 1.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. I_ K.
ni'RD. unctloiwr.ms Mkt. ;tel. Howard -75a.
STORAGE^
A— EMPORIUM Storage St Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. near Third: phone Grant 1C1.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * M jvwi; Co.. »f-
- flee Post and Powell sts. : tal. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances mada; 840
Mission »t.; tel. Howard 041. F. \V. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
- pany. 23-0 Fiilmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
SEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMER ISO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cura
In every case: individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cur**. home cure.
TYPEWRITERS ' AJiP SCFPHEsT"
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— Wej
sell better machines for leu money than any
house In th* city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 Callfornla;telephone Main 26&.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each : get par-
ticulars. l_ & M. auexasder, no Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriter* »old, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 308 Market.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of CaU-
- forola. No. 229 Crocker bldg.. Saa Fran-
cisco, Cal., Oct. 1, 1903 — Coupon No. 13. due
Oct. 12. 1W3. from first mortgage 6 per cent
bond*, of the Sierra Railway Company c.C
California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
cf this company, the Crocker- Woolworta Na-
* tional Bank of San Francisco. Cal.. oa ujuX
after that date.
8. P. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
. pany. Con. — A . dividend. No. 58. of fifty
-.cents (We) per snare on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at .the offlce of the company, rooms 202-
204-208 Hayward tooUdinr. San Francisco, oa
October 10. 1903. Transfer books e'ose Octo.
ber 3. 1000. C. C. <3UIX?f. Secretary.
LEGAL AD VERTiaEMKSTS.
TRUSTEES' BALE — The undersigned 'offer for
sale a stock of Boots and shoes, together
with the store fixtures and furniture
¦ . appertaining thereto, formerly belonging to
KAST & CO.. and located at 104 Geary at..
San Francisco. California. Aa inventory of
this property may be seen at the rooms of
the Board of Trade, 202 Market at.. San
Francisco. Cat., and also on toe premises.
104 Geary st.. where the stock . may be In-
spected on abdication. Sealed bida for tne
stock and fixture* as a whole, or separately.
' are solicited. ' to be addressed to the under-
signed and delivered to H. L. SMITH, sec-
retary of the C-iard of Trade. 202 Market
"" st/, San Franclaco. on or before TUESDAT,
Oct. 13th. 1903. at 10 o'clock a. m. A cer-
tified check for lo' per cent of the amount
offered mu.«t accompany each bid.- return-
able enly In case of rejection of bid. Right
reserved to reject any and ail bids. Term.*
rash. HENRY GRUNDELL. F. J. McWIL-
LIA.MS. Trustees. - - -.
For Additional Classified Advertiaa-
merits See Page Porty-Two.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE. : T^
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 24. 1803.
On the premises
At 1:30 p. m.
The Relchllng Houses
Northwest corner Linden and 8th sts., Oak-
land's prettiest residence section.
-, S Beautiful Homes.
in
S Large Single Subdivisions,
: With 0, 10, 11 and 12 rooms and bath each,
j costing originally $5000 to $11,500 each to con-
j struct.
Large Sunny Lots.
Large sunny lots with 43 ft, 60 ft., 69 ft.
! ar.d 75 ft. frontare ty a depth of 100 to 165
; feet. (Note size and depth.)
Lots beautifully terraced, above grade of
j street, with the most artistic stone coping unl-
; formly arranged around the entire frontage,
with palms and full-grown shrubberies ¦
I throughout each garden. Fcr '•ears this half
¦ block of residence homes has been the pride' I
of th« city and the personal care of the ov.-n-
i er. as one of the finest kept properties In Oak-
j land or San Francisco.
Artistic and substantial, similar to tJie
grounds of Golden Gate Park and the Schil-
ling's, Oakland's water park.
Rentals as an Investment.
As an Investment, the properties have al-
| ways retained steady* tenants. Some of them
have occupied same almost since their con-
struction,
j Present rentalls are $30, $45 and $G5 each.
A HOME LOCATION
Fronting on the only bltuminized residence i
rtreet in Oaklnnd; opposite and adjoining fine ]
' block of modern residences worth from $S30rt |
to $25,000: in the Fame block are the Havens' i
and Gearge W. McNetr's beautiful homes: j
three blocks of Market or Adeline station; ehort j
walk to Broadway business center: walking dis- j
tance to high school and finest primary, gram- ;
mar and private schools In the city, without •
necessitating children to cross street car lines. \
j One of the choicest, close in. convenient, j
strictly home neighborhoods in Oakland. |
AN OPPORTUNITY SELDOM OFFERED. j
THE PROPERTY MUST BE SOLD. j
SEVERAL INTERESTS MUST BE CLOSED.
OWNERS ANXIOUS TO SELL. '-
NOTE THE TERMS. ;
I
One-third cash, balance on mortgage In one i
and two years.
Fcr permission to see premises, get permit at j
office.
Sale Saturday. October 24, 1303.
1:30 p. m., on the grounds.
Write or call fcr catalogue showing photo- |
graphs of premises and giving full particulars.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
• . Auctioneers,
460 an_ 4«2 Eighth St.. Oakland, Cal.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO
4C0-4C2 Eighth st.. Oakland.
?15.000 — Elegant 12-rocm home; choice,
sightly location, on electric line: kss, elec-
tricity; marine view; house has lot 100_2S1;
double frontage; 17 nice lots adjoining In-
cluded; property fronts on three streets.
$20.000 — Modem 3-story structure; renling
for $1500 per annum; 5 years' l«:a-e; tenant
j pays water and repairs; adjoining one of Oak-
¦ land's finest business blocks; r&pldly advancing-.
$so.OOO — Adjoining the banklnrr center of
i Oakland; ."-story corner brick block; 100 feet
i frontage; land alone nearly worth this; genu-
i Ine Investment.
$10.000 — Fine Broadway lot. with 4 flats; 50
I feet double frontage; rents $ti0 month; bargain.
f __.".o — Nearly 2 acres, in best section of
j North Oakland; good for fine residence or sub-
! dividirr.
$3C5i> — Modern 2-story residence, with corner
, lot: close to car linen and locals; cost $6000;
j a model Hast Oakland home.
I $220<) — F'.ne. modern cottage: 5 rcoms and
bath; lot 33x112; prettily situated; near Ade-
line: chear.
J__00 — Splendid cottage. 6 rooms and bath;
J elevated lot. 50x100; picturesque spot In Pied-
' ment; cost $2800: one block from car line.
REDUCED FOR QUICK SALE.
$lSOf> — Pretty bay-window cottage; fi rooms !
j and bath; corner lot; one Dlock from San j
i Pablo cars and new railroad.
Jl^oO — Neat cottaee. 4 rooms: nice location;
j Juft the place for railroad employe.
LAYMANCE REAL. ESTATE <X>.,
400-402 EUaUl fct..
Oakland.
; A. J. SNYDER.
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
467 NINTH ST., OAKLAND, CALIF.
* Seventh-st. fiats: pay $3C0 a year on an in-
vestment of $27C0; near Adeline-st. Eta- i
tion; this property is in good condition; J
new plumbing throughout. i
Eixth-st. fiats; $540 per rear income on an in-
vestment of 54000; new.
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath: lot 30x103; n-est
of Telegraph ave; near in; only $1200
cash required.
! $300 and the balance In easy payments will
Kive you a gocd cottage of five rooms and
: bath: on West St.; not far out.
A. J. EN'TDEU. .
RKAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
4G7 NINTH ST.
J. II. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway, corner Eleventh st.
; $1_.V) — Cor-cr lot. CO-125: Broadway and
I Amethyst st. ; right en new ferry electric line.
$1M}O— SpUndld-lot. 50x140; on sunny side of ]
' E_st Fourteenth St.; convenient to all car
llr.es; worth $2250.
$2500— T«g acres near College ave.; right in
' line of railroad improvements. .
$0500 — Five • acres on College ave. : fairly
p: d huuse of 6 looms; reduced from 975UU to
make quick eale.
$5000— Elegant Telepraph-ave. lot, 64xlC0; _
fine v.clls or. property; fine for flats; right in
town.
ciii:ap__-ots. cheap lots.
$5 cash. $2 50 monthly; fine, level lots; coil
and location superb; price $75.
$10 e__h. $3 monthly; level Iota in new set-
tlement: -soil and location the beat; 50x145;
price $130.
?25 "cash. $7 60 monthly: extra fine lots, 100
xt_2;6; 75 homes Just »rcne up; has a great
future; see them; price $500; will build you a
home.
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining Hast Oakland: sec-
tion building np r.-lth good, substantial peo-
pl*: call or s«nd for circular. 455 Seventh at.,
Oakland opposite Broadway station; carriage
frte. II. Z. JONES, Owner.
DEATS FORECLOSURE SALE.
$34_0 — R-re opportunity to secure fine 8-
room bouse; n*w: never occupied; buyer can
move in at once: price reduced from $3760;
owner must _*t $-S50 cash to meet coming ob-
ligations; «n rapidly growing district "on 37th ;
tt.. near Telegraph ave.; near new ferry sys-
tem that soon starts.
Will the party who made verbal offer of •
$3700 please call again or send address and
obllsre ' -
S. M. DODGE A SON,
11C0 BROADWAY. i
ALSO AGRNTS FOR THE REALTY SYN-
DICATE PROPERTIES AND 0 PER CENT
INTEP.EST-BEARIXQ CERTIFICATES.
«4400 JUST completed; elegant modern home
of 8 rooms, with every convenience: 40-ft.
lot: sunny front; * -close- to Telegraph ave. ;
CEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
•3fl00— 7-ROO51 cottage, all In fine condition; :
few blocks from Broadway: downtown; de-
etrabSe neighborhood; 60-ft. lot; must be sold
at once: best bargain on the market' to-day. ]
OEO. W. AUSTIN tt CO., 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS-
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON St. CO..
Real Estate Agent* and Dealers.
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
- BE YOUR OWN LANDLORD.
BE YOUR OWN LANDLORD.
TAKE ONE OF THESE ON EASY TERMS.
TAKE ONE OF THESE ON EASY TERMS.
$2300 — Neat and cozy home of 6 rooms, all
new and modern: on north side of street,
close to Telerraph ave. ; lot U5xll5.
$2800— On Grove st.; splendid new and mod-
ern house of 7 rooms and bath; cars pass
the door; must sell: owner leaving town.
$3000— Fine corner on Telegraph ave.; nice 6-
room house; all modern and nearly new;
fine garden; good stable.
$3250 — Very desirable home, cloee to cars and
school; contains 8 rooms and bath and
has every convenience; built for a home;
. owner must sell.
$3250— In East Oakland, close to L*ke Merritt;
very fine home. Just completed: contains
S room- and bath, - cas and electricity,
etc.: sunny side" or street. •
$4000 — Not quite finished; very fine house of
S rooms and bath; will be a beauty, when
completed; sea it now; lot 40x180.
$4250— In Piedmont, on north side of the street:
fine new and modern home , ct 9 large
rooms and bath, gas and electricity; every
convenience.
j' $4500 — Beautiful new and modern home of 7
fine rooms and bath; combination fixtures;
large dlnlng-rcom, with two china closets
and beam ceilings; walls paneled 5 feet
hich; terms can be arranged.
$4650— This is a bargain: fine 7-room house,
with 4 bedrooms; lots of sun; all new and
modern: close to cars and local trains;
gas and electricity: large lot, 45x150.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th St., I
Oakland.
! FOR sale — Modern house, built 2 years: 7
large rooms, laundry and bath; porcelain
: tub, basins, closets, nickel plumbing; ter-
! raced lot. 6Cxlli; plenty of fruit; In Pied-
mont district, close to new ferry line. Ad-
dress 110 Laurel St.. Oakland.
j mm ;
' FOR pale — Three choice corner lots: close iff;
suitable fur business or flats; In growing
localities, with Increasing values; call and
see them. SESSIONS. Real Estate. 412
Tenth st.
I ?_600 ONLY — For a fine cottage of 8 rooms
: fixed for two families ; part rented for $16 00
> per month; balance occupied by owner: all
i street work done. Apply to P. C. LASSEN
j & CO.. 4HU Tenth St., Oakland.
I ?25C0 — COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
{ dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep;
i fine large barn; gravel driveway; nice nelph-
I borhood: street work all done; above San
i Pablo ave.; terms if you like. J. S. MYERS
cr GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 10C2 Broadway,
| Oakland.
i OAKLAXD^FURAITURE FOR SALK.
i TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaag. 11th st-.cor.store.Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
31 ILL. VALLETC REAL ESTATE.
I LOT 50x125— $400.
TF.RMS 10 PER CENT CASH.
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Splendid lots In the tract right at the station
of Mill Valley; streets graded; water mains
laid: over £H> lots sold within the past 6
months; many attractive homes have been
built; new electric road Is a great success and
will undoubtedly Increase land values: agent
on the ground Sundays.
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery gt.
FINANCIAL.
4 PER CEXT to 0 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
• Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company- Stock*. _» ¦
Selected fcr conservative investors.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON & CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers, i -
Hayward Building,
San Francisco. Cal.
A A— REPUTABLE attorney with large experl-
ence and unlimited means will entertain
proposition to advance , costs In meritorious
litigation of all kinds, or will loan his motley
on estates In litigation, undivided interests in
estates, etc.; good patents wanted. Box 2499,
Call office. i '.
HORSES AND WAGO.NS.
FOR eale— 2 thoroughbred mares for saddle
purposes; also pair mares, 5 and 6 years old,
full Eisters, weight 1200, sired by Grandee,
dam Gold Duet mare, gocd drivers, not
afraid of cars; all of these horses are per-
fectly sound. Can be seen at cwner's stable,
corntr Francisco and Octavla sts.
! HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at .IEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco,
WANTED — Good-traveling hor-e; state price.
Ans-rer before 12 m.. Box 4422. Call.
MUST be eold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th- Valencia
\ HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
I cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery,
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you- time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
; st.. on the square.
BAKER, 1S18. near California — Nine rooms and
bath, newly renovated. ?•;:», water free. Ap-
ply MADISON &_m/RKE.
VAN NL^S ave., 2104. near Pacific ave. — Mod-
ern houce; 10 rooms: rent $70.
EEFORE movlr.K get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 25 Post St.
HOUSES Fl'RMSUED — FOR SALK.
1'URNISHED house- of 8 rooms, cheap rent;
leaving city, vrlil sell at sacrifice If sold this
wwi. 124 Turk st., above Taylor.
FURNISHED house, « rooms and bath; $200;
JloO down: phone Larkln 3704. ¦
HOUSES MASTED— KURMSUED.
WANTED— To rent for the winter or longer.
a furnished houne of from tt to 8 rooms and
eitu&tfcd north of California and east of
Fillmore; must bo In good condition; best of
care guaranteed and highest references fur-
nlslird. Box ;U~.ll. Call. -
HOUSES WANTED. ~
WANTED — A partially furnished house con-
taining at least 10 rcocis, between Van Ness
and Central aves. ; California st. and Broad-
way. Address with full particulars, MANS-
FIELD LOVELL. 22 California St.
LOST ASD FOUAD.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbsrnla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of FREDERICK and AUGU8TA
O'NEILL, No. 2C3-440. The V finder will
please return to bank.
DOG Jest— On Monday.. Oct. 5, from 3700 Wash-
Ington et., a black cocker spaniel; white on
chest; small scar over one eye; tall short*
cned. Return to above address; suitable re-
ward. . . '
LOST — Between Clayton and Carl and Stanyan
¦ and Oak its.. 'lady's gold openface chatelaine
with pin attached; Initials on' case S. H.
Suitable reward If returned to 237, Geary it.
LOST— Female setter; color, ytjlow and white;
name ."Goldy" ; has one sore eye; address on
collar.' 2530 California at. ; liberal | reward.
LOST — Lady's silver-handled umbrella at Cafe
Zinkand Friday evening... Suitable reward'
given if returned to Occidental Hotel.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; monogram "C. M.
P." Liberal reward. Apply Superintendent's
office. HALE BRO3. . • .
TEN dollars reward for the return' of the oval
¦ pin. J. F. MORONEY. 200 Davis St.- ' ¦•¦¦¦-,-
FOUND — Fishing smack. Apply 1421) Bay St..
Alameda.
IT will pay to "Remember", that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter. St.. needs old
' cold and silver. to make new watch cases. '
MILLINERY. . ;
LADIES— 20© stylish hats to select from; lease
fold, must vacate; February 1, 1904: > save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines.- 2d-hand machinery ¦ McIN-
. TOSH & WOLPM AN. *195-107 Fremont «t. j
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ' ~~
Repair it with elatertte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingle*; best for new roofs.
ELATERITB ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumru,
pulleys, shafting, - etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.,
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
EDISON & MELLUS star moving"" Vietura
films, same as new. less than one-half cost;
1000 feet to select from. 'Novelty Theater,
Oakland. Cal.
A — Fin© suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50 Origi-
nal Mlsflt Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 50 DERBY abd Fedora hats $1 75 Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330. Kearny St., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. t Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, "sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear s't.
FOR sale — A bargain; 1 set Encyclopedia Brl-
tannica. Edinburgh edition, 29 volumes, half
morocco binding. 615 Larkln st. "
TRY our • men's shoes «t $1 and ¦ $1" 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalcg. free.
FOR sale — Several . tracts forest ' reserve at
il 75 per acre; good title. H. A. COWAN,
110 South Broadway, Los Angeles. Cal.
FRESH cows — HolMein, Durham, Jerseys:
springers, all graded; must be sold within 3
days. 5-Mll» Hi use. Ml s!on Read, Sliver ave.
i 1 8x16 ENGINE. 20 HP.: cheap: must be re-
! moved immediately. 707 Franklin St., Oak-
land.
AN elegant blue dress, never worn, $25; going
In mourning. 030 Eddy, right hand bell.
A $65 mirror, $40 Wedgwood range, folding
crib, child's velocipede; cheap. 220 Franklin.
FOR sale — Four Great Dane pups, 5 weeks
' old. Apply Call offlce.
SPITZ pup fpr sale; pure bred. 557 Page it.,
near Fillmore.
BEST Burbank potatoes, $1 25 the sack, de-
. llvered; phone Grant 70; write, call;' 115 Mkt.
3 GARNET stones- and 1 small ruby for sale
cheap; 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. 700 Laguna st.
SLOT machlne^ — First-class condition; . cheap.
Call or write, 1508 Seventh. Oakland.
FOK »ale — Petaluma incuoatoi, new; capacity
21C t-g^s. Box 40S7. C-ll.
FOR eale — Nice family cow, with flrst calf.
Apply 2522 Chestnut St., bet 12-3 o'clock.
PORTABLE baker's oven for sale; also a
large rug. 127| Arlington st.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG CO.. 519 Market st.
SAFES—^New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
i Montgomery et. J .
' SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ihammocks,
metal beds,mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLAXEOL'S WAXTS.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher prices for buildings and takes
less time to wreck and remove. Offlce, NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth; phone Mint 3011.
SMALL second-hand boiler and steam pump
for mine cheap. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
: BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1140 Market et. ; phone Jessie 3741; or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1S4 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2351.
A BIO price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484. .
•' MO.M-Y TO LOAM. ~
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. t
. .4'j-f.c tt G01-602-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
- •'¦ • Save expenses by dealing directly. !
Estates, ' second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
,. . ,. When You Need Money
j See HERMAN MURPHY.
I ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
I removal; to salaried people on their note
without security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; best terms; quickest service and
absolute privacy: special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 6S-6U Donchoe bid., 1170 Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT!
DEAL DIRECT; SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st, 24 and 3d mortgages, SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE In
probate; send full particulars ofproperty; no
answer otherwise. Box 2408, Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84b
Market st.; tel. Main 1641. Erancb. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail raer-
. chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
itecurlty; easy paymento; largest business In
40 principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, .confidentially: new
and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
M>. Academy of Sciences. 819 Market st.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no r«?mov-
i al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up; quick.
•private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, nn. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM %l TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAI/S. 10 Sixth st.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salarJe.1
pecple on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO U3 Phel&n bldg.
ON furniture. p!ano: no removal. E. W. LICK,
10O3 Mutual Savings Bank bldg., 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bids.
Z? 9 ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no remove:
V. THEM A IN. room SI, 6 Eddy sU. floor 4.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk. bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorngr. MORRELL. GOO Examiner hidg.
MEDICAL.
fc'AN FP.ANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE ¦
TREATS WOMEN ONLY
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red G321.
Every facility for the DEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select | patients. Strictly -confi-
dential. Fees- within the reach of all.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed; SO
years' experience; removed to 826 Pout st. -
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
roale troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S% Market at., opp.._th,
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating plli_
sold; price ¦ $2 50 by express. . Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $2 CO. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. "W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
. in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected ;- the - unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
Drs.; Goodwin, 7«3 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnet. relief;.
• treatment $10; ; hours,, 10 to 6; 23 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1119 Market— Reliable ladles'
: specialist; a private home before and during
confinement : best . medical care ; low fees. \ '
: "WONDERFUlTcures' 1 of totally deaFand deaf
: mutes • without - drugs; one free treatment.
EPHFHATHA PHYSICIAN8. box 4430. Call.
A maternity villa: private: secluded; conflden-
tlal, Dr. E. Funke. 1410 Eighth st..- Alameda.
DR.- ROSEN. i-OTed to 2305 Folsom st.. corner
2Sth:: relief $1D; ladies' ¦ exclusive offlce.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st;
DR. NO TOY KEE. 310' Powell it., opposite
Union square; nil diseases cured by herbs.
V V PALHISTRY.
'MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and astroio-
Klst. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
. 1 ,- to 6. : _nd Tuesday evenings. 139 Port »u
ir." JEROME iFOSELLT. seWntific palmist. B15
' Tavlor St.. near Geary. Phone-Black 561.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLEES.-415 Turk st.— Strictly modern. 4-3
room apartments: fur. or. unfur. for hskpg.
CxVLIFORNIA. 1514— Unfurnished rooms in
private family.
EDDY. 207 — Renovated runny front rooms;
housekeeping allowed; running water; no
transient. .
ELLIS. 717— Three sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms with gas, bathroom included; $20;
private family. ¦
FOURTH. 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single.
t GEARY. 1223 — Kousekeping suite 3 rooms; pri-
vate bath; also 3-roomed cottage: hkpg. ; gas.
HAYES. 92J>— Handsomely furnished sunny
parlor suite: separate kitchen; reference*.
HEKUEnT (Th?) — Sunny apartments for
hou*ekeerl-f; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nishtd. 1S30 Tolk st.
HOWARD. 938 — Two sunny rooms for house-
keeping. . -
TAYLOR, 911 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished, gas
range. $16; unfurnished. $15; single. $0 SO.
MISSION. 1221, near Eighth— Nicely furnished.
sunny, connecting front rooms; no children.
MODEL House. 1206 Stockton— Newly furnl_h-
ed rooms. $5-$ 12; bath; gas; phone. ¦
OCTAVIA. 1423 — Just finished; .l-room apart-
ment, furn. & unfurn, $C0, $43; bath. etc.
1 POLK. 1643. corner Clay— 1 large, nicely fur-
i nished sunny room; housekeeping; $9.
POST, CC9 — Cosy room for light housekeeping
i gas stove: $10.
I SEVENTH, 191 — Housekeeping rooms; nice
.bay-window room-. - - -. ¦ -
SOUTH PARK. 137— Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite; gas range; $12.
STATE. 130 — 3 rooms, kitchen, bath: light,
sunny, unfurnished; phone. 3417 Church st.
; SI7TTER, 047 — Front suite, unfurnished; also
I third room suitable for housekeeping.
I _ — _ ..
! TEHAMA, 3, near First— 4 pleasant house-
keeping rooms; central location; rent cheap.
THE Glllesple, 119 Ninth st, — Nicely furnished
rooms, $1 SO to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
TWENTY-THIRD. 372C. near Dolores— 3 tunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
VAN NESS. 706— Sunny parlor suite, kitchen,
reasonable; 2 sunny front rooms. $25.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
! ¦'¦! ' <
j APARTMENTS FOR HOl'SEK EEPIXG.
! EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel. located on the north side of Pine St..
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
. brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET~-Fnro. and Untnrn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
113 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
t WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 60 to $2 60 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH.
320 MASON ST.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell
With or Without Private Bath.
An Addition Just Completed.
Sun in Rooms All Day. •:. ' «.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c, 00c. $1. $1 GO night;
$1 60 to $10 wrek; bouse open all night.
ARDELL. 13 Page-rSunny furnished rooms,
$1 25, $1 SO; housekeeping rooms, $1 50, $2
• week; gas stoves.
j BUCHANAN, near Post — Nicely furnished sun-
i ny single room; gentleman only; references.
¦ Address box 3500. Call offlce.
'• BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
| nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
| CLEMENTINA, 327 — Flat A. middle floor;
' a neat, sunny front room; private; $6.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE, 815, cor. Fulton— Two rooms, fold-
ing door, grate, gas. bath, hot and cold wa-
ter, lavatory; nicely furnished: with or with-
out partial board; fcr gentlemen.
FILLMORE. 923 — Private family; nice sunny
room for ladies; rent $5. =
FIRST. 317 — A large front sunny room for one
or two. ' . " .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 260— Front room, suita-
ble for 2 gentlemen; 1 single room. -
> GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms SOo
' to $1 50 night: $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRISON. 784#. nr. Fourth— Finely furn.
• rooms; bath; all conveniences; $1 week up.
HOWARD, 701% — Nicely furnished bay win-
dow suite; man and wife or two gentlemen.
HYDE. lOCO 1^. corner Pine^ — Sunny furnished
! room". $3 50: gentleman.
JESSIE. S63. east U. a Mint— Furnished room,
$5 per month.
JESSIE. S12, 2d door frcra 9th — Neat room, fur-
: nished. for steady working girl; cheap.
JONES. 941. near Bush — Modern, sunny, fur-
nished room for gentleman In private- family.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny single room; suitable for
ggntleman; $4 50 per month.
MISSION. 2022 — A single sunny furnished
room ; gas.
NATOMA. 25 — A furnished room in private
family to let ; rent reasonable.
PINE, 2S30 corner Bakjr — Furnished room to
let.
PLEASANT. 7S>, oft Jone*. bet. Clay and Sacra-
mento — Single furnished front room; no other
roomers.
ROYAL House, 12tt Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, amoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 85c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30: elevator en ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 622 — Sunny front room-, with pri-
vate bath; rates reasonable. "ir_;; ;
SUTTEllt 1119 — Lovely furnished front room,
all conveniences, rent reasanabl*: also hskp.
. TENTH. 28?— Front bay window room, fur-
nighed; rent $H.
THE FALMOUTH. 1O43A Market et.; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water: elsvator; centra 1.
j TURK. 1218— Furnished rooms.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy »t.. near Market—
40O single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
SI 7.'. to $i; wck; elevator: electric lights;
reading-room: free bus and baggage. ,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
T.Zc to $1 60 nlrht: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
dec. lights; read ing- room; free bus; baggage.
$0 A MONTH— Sitting and bedroom combined;
sunny: finely furnUhed; central. G. D. H.,
bo-x 4427. Call offlce.- ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. ¦ . ¦ - - .
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best tabl* and
service: lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house.
home like, everything . first clans; sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ret.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WASTED.
RELIABLE yOun; man wants board In nice
family; Spanish lessoni In return. Box 4041.
YOUNG lady wishe* board and room In private
. family. Box 4057. Call offlce- ._
RCOMS WASTED.
DRESSMAKER wishes room with folding bed;
us« of phone; $8; respectable family. Box
4CT0. Call. -
STABLES TO tET.
COAL yard, stable and off.ee. ~ Third it. and
Sherwocd place, bet. Mission and Howard.
SEWIXG IIACHIXES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME sewing machine, this w»ek only,
. $1O. $15. $20; slightly used: needle- 20c do_.
NEW HOME P. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
;• PAPEItHAXGINQ. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 60 up"; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. -319 3d st.:tel.Matn 413.
;;.;¦; special notices.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliabla; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist
Oi«c)i*-t-r Chemical Co.; Philadelphia. Pa.
HERKELF/f ADVERTISEMENTS
KEKKl-LEV REAL ESTATE.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANT.
2H9 Center et.. IJerkeley, Cal.
RaJc or thir.e we have bargains In Berkeley
Property.
$Si0 tsxh — i defiant lots facing the ocean-
tBriftft
$400 each— 2 lots. 45x126; on macadamized
read; near li R. station.
$K>0 — rk-<re:hing extra; street work all done;
BtelSS. '
$123— Fine corner lot, 1 block from Grove-Et.
ctr i::ie. ncrtfc of Bancroft way.
$300 Ciliifly lot. 40x110: street work all done
ar.d Eidewalk laid; fine view; terms $250
down, ?lu r-er month, which Includes in-
terrFt at S> i,er cer.t; this is a bargain
$1000— U.t axis;., in North Berkeley; street
work done; 4 minutes from U. R. station
$Ci>00- ! :r.e corner. I:s>xl35. making 4 nice
|jj!!dir.g lots, facing on College ave •
str.-tt work done. '*
$1400 — 5-rotni cottage; modern plumbing- a
nice home for tome one; U block from
electric car line; easy terms.
$1750— New up-to-date 5-room cottage high
bawnent; near car line; sold on rmall
laymer-t down, balance at s per cent in
f.:-jt}l monthly payments.
$20O:— Fine new .cottage of ft rooms and bath
One plumbing; high basement; everything
f.m-class; street work all done; sidewalk
Li JX i 15: * block from electric
cars .which have direct connection with
:.*" for one fare; will sell on
wy easy terms; in fact, any one that
Mace re3t Caa afford to buy this
$2C50— New 6 rooms and bath; a well-built
S can^uThar^ *"' CU " :
$-000— New 7-room up-to-date house: etreet
T? v, l don ' : * ld ewalks laid: also round
w ,. , 8e; 3 relnu tes from the North
c-^w v- ey ftallon ; terms can be had.
koro-.Nev f-room houEe; lot 45x120- 3 blocks
t . rrtl Iro .? Ashby station; a sood proposition.
$4000— New . rooms and bath; elegant house:
eaEt of Telegraph ave.; in the swell part
of town.
$5200— New 10-room house; let 42x135: large
elegant rooms; beautiful view; location
rrst cla.«f; 6 minutes from Berkeley sta-
T "'Pop; will sell on terms.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2149 Center St.. Berkeley. Cal.
XX) NOT PAY RENT" *
5-rooa cottage, bath, toilet, stationary tubs;
large lot; cose to street cars and station;
Price $1500; ursii. $150 cash, balance $16
a, month.
="¦ O. A. RUDOLPH,
Oren Sundays. Lorin.
HOW IS Tills? ~ ¦
A 4-room high basement cottage, bath pat-
ent toilet, stationary tubs; lot 40x135;' fruit
trees and flowers: close to both ferry lines;
price $1800: terms, smell cash payment bal-
ance to euit.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
BIG BARGAIN. " ~
A r.ew 7-room house, bath, patent toilet,
stationary tubs; large lot; convenient to sta-
tion and street cars; price $2250; terms, $150
cash, balar.ee eame es rent.
~~ O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
IF you want a beautiful modern home for
$100 cr f200 cash ar.d email monthly pay-
ments, cull or write
T. FERFJER,
Berkeley Station.
J. J. MASON, "
Heal Estate ar.d Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal.
II ACRES adjoining university; whole or di-
visKw. r.»R. MOl'fER. owner. 707 Bush st.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
Ffl LIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
H. BAUKMEYER, !
No. 1206 Fruitvale ave., Fruitvaie. !
.SPECIAL BARGAIN.
A neat cottage cf 4 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern: ccmer lot. 140x176; fruit trees in '
bearing; also email store building; chick-
ea houses, etc.; situated in a fine location: ]
on macadamized street; an opportunity i
worth investlrating; must sell this week: ¦
price $24 w; J500 cash; balance on easy
installments.
$550— Rustic house of 2 rooms; lot 40xlC3;
city water; one block from car line and 10
minutt-s' walk to local train.
$1000 — Neat cottage cf 4 rooms, closets and
pantry; extra good well and pump; barn;
lot &0xl25; all fenced; near school and car
line. (Fitchburg.)
$1200— Cottage cf 4 rooms, closets and pantry;
bem; pood weil; let 100x2Ju; all fenced:
LarEf- two-ftcry barn'; only one block from I
car line.
$1000 — A bargain; bay- window cottage cf 6 I
rooms: K^rJ -finished: fine two-stcry barn; J
good welt, windmill and tank, chicken j
bous*-; Ict 110x135; on macadamized j
Etreet; 3 Mocks from car line; terms if
desired. . ;
$"t>X» — Splendid crtage otf 5 rooms and bath, j
large reception hall: ail modern; hign j
basement, concrete foundation; large lot; j
one block from Fruitvale Sattlon; email j
payment down, balance Just like rent. For ;
particulars apply to
H. BAP.KMETER, ha!f block from Fruitvale
Station. Cal.; tel. Brook C38.
OUR FPECIAL BARGAINS.
$250o— One of the tint st 3-acre chicken
rtnclKs ;n Kruitvale; ail in fruit tree*, and a
cciy 4-room cottace with line water; close to I
full rradt-J school ar.d handy to the street cars j
fcnei stores.
$$00 — A coiy 4-rocm cottage, one block frcm j
the electric cars; ict 56x100; ail in berries ar.d I
Cower*.
$2300— A new. modern cottage, just com- !
p!et*d; street work all dene; cement walks J
around the hciis*-; high basement and house I
' wirt-d fcr electricity and piped for gas; close i
to school, church and station ; don't fail to '
*e*> this.
We have lots in all parts of Fruitvale. Oak- j
land and Alamc-da. a.-. \ would like to chow '
you what we have. Apply to
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
J. C. WHITE. Manager.
1151 Twecty-third-ave. Station.
East Oakland.
CHAS. F. LEE, Phone Vale 23<£
't block Fruitvale station.
S225— -C'nly SV-T> down, balance $]<> month,
for a modem 5-roctn cottage, fciph basement,
brick fruruUtion, chicken houye. pigeon
houses and nests: fine rrbcr; Fplendid well
• end nump: iarge pump house; duck pond of i
concrete: 20 fruit tr-eve. rice flowers and i
l/**utiful thade tret*, sursouaded ty gooi
plcktt and wire fence; la.rg". lot. ll&xilO,
frontiry? on two streets*; j^chool. church, post-
office lt> '. cars clo*e by; price, all told. $1425.
ac3 easily worth $i*JOC.
$75 let*, |S rash. $."> monthly; Rota bee 1
Traft: no winds or lut* here.
CHARLES E. LKE, l'^rj Fruitvale ave.. »J I
block cf station. i
IMPROVED and unlrnju-ovcd Iut«, :.Cx1jO; very !
tfefcirebjp netgbtMTfcootf; public school near j
!¦¦}'; lr.qulre en r><-m:rcs. East Eighteenth I
rt. end FrL'.tvait ave.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE. 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND UKAL ESTATE.
HOLCoain. vwsrAy & baxcuoft
1V5U nitOADWAT. OAKLAND.
Cboi?e building !ots; 4<M20: rtreet work
««irr!fte; fla*- location an»l Rurroundings;
iort a Xew- left; cre-lialf ca*U. balance
|trW0 rp»-h — Balnrce ««ir.e ex rent.
yvvr 6-rour.i t-ottaKf: nearly completed «r.d
c little U-nuty; street work complete; fine
i eigbbflrhood; clofe io Telegraph ave.; Eee
j!a:it at effic*.
U'Tw IXVKSTKEXT. $270t>.
.Two 7-rc-eia liuuse*; ist C3xl3G; always
rested; des* to Ace line station, schools.
$::or rank 'property. $1700
Siore and ttat cf 5 rooms, etc.: en 7th
St.. n*ar Adeline elation; part carh; bal-
easy t?ru-;s. - '
$=730. HAXK I'itOPErtTV. $2750.
P-nmra bouse, bath, etc.; cement cellar; on
iln* corner; bam. dffraway. etc.; lot 75x
:.r.;4rc>rfity v'.n subdivide and give 3
«*tra Jots. m *
$4«O. $4000. $4000.
We are orr^rinjr ci. elegant home on W'eb-
rtcr «t-. within «asy walk of narrow-gauga
train: 9 room*; modern; fine order: ring
up M&in 147 and cet full particulars.
16C8
llomrs ? •;;• to cult your ideas on tmall each
j*yiner.t a*l balance a* paying rent.
HOLCOSIC. nnEED A BANCROFT.
100o BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAI*.
ALEX. MURDOCK, Chronicle bldg.. Ban Fran-
cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
HckJcto houre. 0 ras.; stable: Mason A Hamlin
«xan- Before 12 rn., 422 Oranga St., Oakland.
• ; MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY LOWEST PRICES AND BEST
VALUE.
Collard. upright .......'. ' $%1
Filsher. upright '.:.... .-.. . .. 90
Sherman & Hyde, upright 123
Manny fr Id t & Hotnl. beautiful curly wal Jf!3
Chlckerlng .......... --. 155
2 Steinway uprights, large, small . .$163 300
2 Heine uprights. large and small, used
less than 5 years $232 385
And 200 others. Squares from $10 up.
Rents. $2 up. apply on purchase: install-
ment* as low as $4. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary st.- Only manufacturers and
largest exclusive wholesale and retail deal-
ers west of Chicago.
RENTING Is our specialty; $2 up. apply on
purchase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 237 Geary.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We ray no rent, as we own the building-.
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
{ know we rent the best piano in the city for $3
I per month. ¦ Now we can sell you ona juat the
I same. Our expenses are so very much less
jthan other firms, why not Investigate our prices
; and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save
from $75 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 500-C2-64 Hayes st.
WHILE low -prices are the fashion you will
find that we are giving the most for the
money of any firm in the city. No better in-
struments than the Baumelster, Schubert or
Stodard are needed by anybody, and you can-
' not afford to buy until they have been ex-
| amined. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
j CO., 760 Market st.
I A FEW good upright bargains from $50 up, ln-
| eluding such makes as Chickering. Mason &
• Hamlin, Vose, Sterling, Curtaz. Kirkman.
I Halnefl, Weser. Pease and others. BENJ.
! CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st. No
i branches In San Francisco.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano 'cheap.
I Before our removal we will sacrifice any ln-
! strument- for cash or " installments. Call or
I write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
I & CHASE. Established 1850. 00 O'Farrell.
I BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker;
j- GU8 Malwald. Agt. Fac. Coast, 278 O'Farrell;
I skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
' A STECK & OABLER upright, nearly new,
i cheap; a snap. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
! RARE chance: cash or payments: elegant high
! grade upright. 10 McAllister st.
$00— GOOD tone square grand piano. 1228 Fll-
bert st. -
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
| cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1638 Market st.
I BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
j * perfect order; lacrlflee. Keefte % s.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cedllan pla=o
"player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
' SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
j OFFICKS AXD STORES TO LET.
i STORE with large basement; below Kearny
! st.; rent $30. Apply 636 Clay st.. roam 1.
|35 TO let: grocery corner: five living rooms;
; now vacant. Key, 2304 Fulton st.
! PIANOS AND ORGANS.
I ,.._... f ,. ¦ -¦ — — - — — ~
! PART of" our list of bargains In second-hand
1 pianos for September. 1303:
i Original
j ¦ Price. Now.
1 SCHUMAN & SONS—
' Walnut case, medium size, 7 I-o
/ octaves, "jihree pedals, raised carved
panels, in good condition $300 $140
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, small size, raised
carved panels, 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, slightly used, but In good
condition 300 lt5
1 SPENCER— . ,
Walnut case, cabinet grand, en-
l graved panels, three pedals, 7 1-3
i octaves, good condition 325 ISO
i 2 HOWARDS— »
Walnut cases, medium size, t 1-3
| octaves, three pedals, mandolin at-
I tachments, good condition; each.. «00 1S5
' 1 MOLLENHAUER & BACH—
I Walnut case, large size, raised
! carved panels, three pedals. 7 1-3
' octaves In very good condition... 3jO 100
i 1 NEWMAN BROS. —
j Walnut case, larce size upright,
I 7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renovatsd.
equal to new 350 200
i 1 LUDWIG & CO-
Oak case medium size, raised
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three
i pedals good tone. In fine condition. SoO 210
! Complete list furnished on application at
I our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
[ Corner Kearny and Butter sts.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox pittlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines: special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
GOOD Christian widower, middle aged, has
I good appearance, sober, with means an J
best of character, wishes a wife; desires to
correspond with a Rood Christian widow or
« single lady who would appreciate a good
¦ hueband. Pox 4408, Call.
I THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
i and Itching soalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy CO..133S Polk.
INFORMATION wanted as to whereabouts of
ROY DICKINSON, formerly with Tesla Coal
Company. CHARLES DICKINSON. Bakers-
fleld. Cal.
¦ RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
| chen»lle-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer In
I carpet twine, in Iiank or chain, at lowest
! . rates. Oeo. Matthews. 700 Filth st.. Oakland.
| PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt's Cal-
1 lfornia speeches can have fame sent to their
address by remlttlns 12 cents. V. THOMP-
SON. 231 Grant ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
BRAUN — Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital, Vienna.
Offlce 224 Starr King bldg., 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 210
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st. r
PHYSICIAN. 15. years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocoalce habit.- Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. : fee .moderate.
MARRIAGE directory free to all; pay when
marriot!: new. plan: send no monev. For par-
ticulars addre.«s II. A. HORTO.N, dept. 143,
Tekonsha. Mich..
LIQUOR habit cured. W» guarantee to cure j
the liquor l:abit in Z days or r.o charges.
Acme LIquw Curs Co.. 807 Market, r. 202.
! DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
! cases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
! 1339 Polk «t.; consultation free; call or write. ,
j REMOVAL — DR. W. C STRATTON has re-
• moved his offlc» from 2255 Mission st. to
; Tooms r.73 and 574. Parrott bids. (Emporium).
I DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, t-'aturday and ;
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
BED-WETTING cured; package of Pen-ine.
direction and booklet mailed free. Missouri
Remedy Co.. Pcpt. 020. St. Louis. Mo.
AT less ihan cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS",. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ' • ¦ " ¦ : : .
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and- up uer week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market sL, bet. Seventh and Eighth. . . -
?5 HATS n specialty this week. $16 O'Farrell
street; t -
OLD hats made new. 61G OTarrell st.
ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical r.nd masquer-
ade costumes rented. 2tf O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installment?. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tallors.727-72U Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trie needle. Dr. & Mrs.Tra verse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
ALL style* halrdre*s!ng 25c: hair goods: mani-
curing, 25c. O. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 00.
, Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play hook? . wigs.
, country orders. . GOLDSTEIN * CO.*,' 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S - Ksvptian Henna /restore* gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druzglsts*.
Superfluous hair and molea removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. -& MIeh Eaton. 1110 Sutter.
PHYSICIANS ASD .SURGEONS. ¦
DR.- C* C. O'DONNELL— Of See and residence.
•- 1U21% Market st.. bet. Oth and 7th: particu-
lar attention raid to diseases of women. ¦
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a epeclalty.
.: DR. BALL, 1073K Market st. ,
REilOVED— DR. .WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body? for
• past four - years at 115-117 Ma -io::: now lo-
cated at 6C7. Geary St.," near. Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY,' successor to Dr. LI : Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures ail diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
easea oured by Chinese herbs. 7tfl-8'Clay st.'
SPECIALISTS.
: CATARRH,. DEAFNESS and NOISES In BARS
; positively cured; 'new method; I- week's treat-
| - meat free.' Dr. Ccttingham. . 201 Sutter st.*THE SAN FBANCISCO^CALIi. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903;
42
ITELP WA vrKD— MALB— Ceti.
OPEN TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
MURRAY A READY. 634 and^636 Clay at
PHONB MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
¦ISO" 'WE GAVE » l»03 WE'LL GIVE
4J!oOO MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
Men wanted TO-DAY for An _ rftV
ARIZON ' A « NEVADA. ma °*'
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pfl Id
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS* DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs, Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES, TUNNELS QUARRIES.
' Miners all over State. $00 and $S2 50.
Laborers and muckers everywhere. $60. $73
STABLES?* FARMS. ORCHARDS DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands. $30 $35. $40 A fd.
Milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30 to $50
Se'choremen. coachmen. S* 1 "' 1^ 1 "":.,* 1 ':'' ¥&
10 .tablemen. cltr^ounUr^oba^gO^ $60.
634-636 Pay at.
SAWMILLS— WOODS.
633 laborera. no experience wanted. I4O to
$70 and found. ,:
196 mill and yard men. |50 to ?150.
365 WOODCHOPPERS. TaauJSXBa ,
mV,,a Cl e^fr^m^^X d |TO m T30.% r oo:*fo5:
* m MJ?R^Y l -* m0 R n E 1 APY, 634-636 Clay st_
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
21 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, «30 to*' 0 "-
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $40 fd.
Steward, country hotel. ... .„ - ,„.
11 butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $00 found.
. MURRAY & READY. 034-Cttt gay st
MECHANICAL.
Head Dolbeer logger, $30. ' „ .„„
3 painters, atripe, letter. $2 60 to S* a day.
2 coopers, factory. 20c fare. $3 25 a day.
Cut-oft sawyer: 12 boya to learn trades, city.
BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers all over California, *3O,
$00, $70, $80, $90 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
63C laborers and teamsters, city and coun-
try; some factories, milla, warehousea, exca-
vating, building, etc.: many In San Fran-
cisco; lots to board home. $2. $2 25, $2 B0,
$2 75 a day: 96 carmen and fnrnace men. $67
and $75. \
Positions not advertised.
COME^ — SEE.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY' S.
BIGGEST PLACES AT 634-630 Clay st
MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE. TELEGRAPH AND SPECIAL
LETTER DELIVERY.
ARIZONA.
903 MILES. RESCOTT, MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA TO-DAY. $1 50 FEE.
6 elack coopers, 9c; 5 cabinet makers.
168 woodamen. FRESNO COUNTY.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Teamsters, laborers, fare SZ 80, $75.
2 hydraulic miners, SE.. S3 day.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company, $40 to $55 fd.
Planerman, free fare, lumber co., $65 and fd.
2 waiters, camps, near city, $25 found.
Cook, lunch counter, 10c fare. $10 week.
Milker, Los Angeles district. $35 found.
JANITORS.
Janitor, .big side money made and $33 month.
Choreboy. 3 cows, fare $1. $20 found.
6 carpenters, finishing work, near city, $3 50
day.
Second cook for mine, north, $40 found.
Varnish finisher. $1 75 to $2 day.
Experienced club bellboy, country. $30 fd.
WANTED— J. ROSS. MACHINIST.
2 shlnglers. straight work, 70c M.
2 crosscut sawyers. L. Co.. north. $40 found.
GOVERNMENT JOB.
2 cement finishers, 8 hours. $4 50 day.
Butcher, slaughterer, south, fare paid, $16 a
week.
Milk wagon driver, city, *25 and found.
Butcher ahop. fare 60c. $40 and found.
Young man, butcher ahop. care* 3 horses. $25
and found.
Man and wife, man act foreman, wife cook
for 3 men, *5O and found.
15 two and four horse teamsters. $75.
Extra barber, $4 day.
Coachman, fare 70c, $30 and found.
' BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO.
16 laborers. FREE FARE, $35 to $SO A *fd.
2 sheepherdera, fare • 1 5O. *.1O and found.
MARYSVILLE, CHICO, PLACERVILLE.
186 carpenters' helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go; $82 50, $75,
$67 SO.
2 experienced concrete men. curbing, $3 day.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber. SfiO.
RESERVOIR WORK-
DO teamsters and laborers, fare $1 20, $60,
$67 (50.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
¦ 65 coal miners, Oregon, $3 to $5 day.
VERY MURRAY & READY.
IMPORTANT. 634-636 Clay st.
9 HOURS WORK. *
* 25 laborers, fare 85c, ?4S7 5O.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
WANTED— For retail store, boy about 16, who
lives with parents and ia capable of making
change and posting accounts; hours. 7 till 7;
wages $25 per month. Apply by letter, box
4421. Call.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 60;best shoes on earth. 11
Third at. Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market
TO tailors — Pantaloon-maker, willing to do re-
pairing or coatmaker for Oregon: good
wages; steady work; fare paid. 36 Geary
»t.. room 47. '
SALESMAN to travel In California with staple
line to country merchants; bond requlr«sd.
Box 603, St. Louie, Mo.
WANTED — At once, experienced traveling
salesman for California; none other need ap-
ply. Address Drawer S.. Chicago.
WANTED — Men everywhere; good pey; to dis-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack signs, etc.;
no canvassing. Nat. Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED everywhere— Hustlers to tack aigns,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no canvas-
sing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED — A sober, steady young man to es-
tablish a new soda water wagon route; good
wages for a start Address box 4411. Call.
WANTED — Boy 14 years or over, to make him-
self generally useful in machinery house;
chance for promotion. Box 405S, Call.
MEN wanted to circulate petition and secure
signatures; good pay. Apply room. 38, Phe-
Ian building, Monday, at 9 a. m.
HEAD wrapper for dry gods store; state expe-
rience references and salary expected. Ad-
dreaa box 4416. Call office.
SALESMAN for furniture department: state
salary expected, references and experience.
Box 4417. Call office.
SALESMAN for handkerchief department of a
large retail store: mu't be experienced. Ad-
dress box 4418, Call office. " ;
FLOORWALKER for dry and fancy goods;
state experience and salary expected. Ad-
dress box 4419. Call office.
BUSHELMAN. Apply 001 Market St., Sun-
. day. 10 a. tn. ,
BARBER trade taught In 6 weeks.- Address
W. C. B.. 647 Commercial st.
BOY for house-cleaning: living' home; call bet.
7 and 7:30 a. m. Monday. 1163 Market st
GOOD strong boy to work In blacksmith shop.
1322 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
A DISHWASHER wanted at 331 Bay at,
near Mason.
ERRAND boy wanted. 359 Clementina st.
WANTED — Salesman to handle line sundries
in city and bay counties. Box 4413. Call.
BOY 16 years; good opportunity: ateady poal-
tion. Caraon Glove, Co.. 123 Second at
DETECTIVES — Everywhere; good -salary; no
experience. Int'l. Pet. Agency, Milwaukee.
WANTED — Platen press feeders. • Northeast
corner Eighth and Brannan sts.
DRUGGIST — Permanent position. Call 345
Kearny st.
CLOTHING salesman. Apply 901 Market st,
Sunday, .10 a, m.
THOROUGHLY experienced man for delicates-
sen counter. Apply superintendent's office.
Emporium.
CARRIAGE trimmer wanted: also young man
with some experience. 718 Folsom st.
WANTED— Tinsmith at 110 Steuart st
GOOD can-tare blacksmith helper. 1370 Turk.
UPPER and sole leather cuttera. Wentworth
Shoe and Leather Co., 26 Main st ¦ ¦ ,
DISHWASHER wanted: one willing to help
with cooking; wages $7. 272 Brannan at
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted to work by
the week. 1170 Market at., room 12. ; .
BOY from 15 to 17 years to learn electrical
and - all kinds of mechandal work: those
seeking ateady position only need apply be-
tween 7 and S a. m. 1301 Devisadero st .
WHY pay big prices to hare your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done . for 25c. OOo
and. 60c while you wait at 363 Mlaalon at.
; bet : lat* and 2d ats.. or 11 Third stT
$75 PER month and traveling expenses paid
salesman to sell to ' grocers; experience un-
PURITY CO.. Chicago. \
YOUNG man, stenographer and -typewriter;
state age: salary expected ; references. Box
:. 4107,; Call office. v , .
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
- talker, eager : to make money. : F. PERSON,
477 and 488 Parrott building. _ . ..\ -
| EMPLOYMENT WANTEP— FEMALE.
A COOK, young, strong, wants cooking only
at $30 a month; has 3 years' references last
place; can do German cooking; call or tele-
phone. MISS PLUNKETT, • 425 Sutter at,
near Powell. . •
A STRANGER In city, from the East, would
' like a. position to care for old. couple or in-
valid; is a first-class housekeeper; home more
of an object than, salary; respectable and
highest references. Address G., 207 Leaven-
j worth at. : :
SITUATION by thoroughly competent atenog-
rapher; first-class salary: can operate most
any standard machine. 1111 Sutter at, room
14; phone Polk 1338.
DRESSMAKER and auitmaker: suits made at
home; a few more engagements In private
families; cut and fit to order. MISS BARSS,
1024 Mission st :
SITUATION wanted by refined German to care
for lor 2 grown children or light chamberwork
and sewing; references. Call Monday, 1250
O'Farrell at.
REFINED North German nurae would like alt-
uation as day children's nurse; can teach
German ; good references. Box 4400. Call.
BY refined young woman, position aa house-
keeper; capable of sewing and managing
houae. Box 4089. Call.
AMERICAN woman would like housekeeper's
poaltlon or cooking; no objection to country.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. 044 Mission bt . -
A COMPETENT girl wishea to do general
housework; wages |25 to S30; no cards an-
swered. Call 6 Willow ave., near Larkin.
WINIFRED PHILLIPS, trained nurse, room
107. Hotel Netherland, 18 Turk st; phone
Private Exchange C14.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady, no Incumbrance.
wishes position as housekeeper in country;
small wages; good home. Box 4084. Call.
POSITION, wanted by a colored woman at
. housecleanlng and laundry work. Address
Mrs. DONOVAN, 127 Second st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing.
Ironing or housecleanlng; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress Laundress, Call branch, 300 Hayes st.
WORTHY woman would like place on Fridays
sweeping. Call 443 Sixth st. Monday or aend
pcatal. .
YOUNG woman wishea to do second work in
American family; wagts $25. Box 4423, Call.
YOUNG woman like to do office cleaning. Box
4129. Call office. ¦'
GOOD dressmaker wishes engagements; fl 25
per day. Box '4415, Call. j
DRESSMAKER desires work by the day. Box
4001. Call. ;
WANTED — Position as governess by an edu- ;
cated, experienced and cultured young
woman, ! having had normal training and
holding kindergarten diploma. Box 4106. Call.
COMPETENT stenographer; any line; operates
Remington, Yost, Smith; wishes permanent
position; will substitute; salary. $55 per
month. Address box 4015. pall office.
LADY of respectability and refinement wishes
a position as companion; no objection to
country or traveling. Box 4081, Call.
2 GIRLS wish positions in a nice family. 1018
De Haro st. back of tha City and County
Hospital.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and talloress wishes
few more families; references; $1 60 per
day. Address Dressmaker, 1626 Clay st.
JAPANESE woman wishea poaltion, cooking or
housework In small family. 539 Stevenson.
EMPLOYMEKT WAltTED-.MALBj^
MAN of excellent habits, well educated, wishes j
position where reliability and common sense
are necessary; 0 years' experience In grocery
and wholesale produce business; good refer-
ences. Box 4052, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS coachman wishes position
with city private family; careful driver; j
strictly Bober and obliging; good references.
Box 4048, Call.
SITUATION* wanted by steady, reliable Eng-
llshtr.an as head waiter. C. A., 113S Howard
at, room 21. ' ;
GARDENER, young, sober, very handy In pri- '
vale place, wants position; S3O and found.
Box 4002. Call.
WANTED — Poaltion as night watchman or ele-
vator man; best of references. Box 4083, Call. ;
SOBER, reliable young man wants position of
any kind; first-class refs. Box 4088, Call.
BAKEK wants situation as helper In restau-
rant. Box 40{?5, Call. :
A YOUNG man wishes a situation aa an elec-
triclaira helper. Box 4050. Call.
MACHINIST and engineer wants poaltlon; iln-
gle; age 27. Box 4082. Call. .'
A SOBER, reliable man wants steady work of
any kind; can milk and care for. horses: no
garden work; city or country. Box 4110, Call.
GOOD, atrong, willing boy, 19, dealrea a sit-
uation of any kind. Address box 4105, Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position,
wholesale preferred. Box 4109, Call. . ' ¦
A FIRST-CLASS up-to-date landscape gard-
ener wantst poaltlon aa head gardener In pri-
vate place or park; renovating and laying
out a specialty; beat refs. Box 4104, Call.
ELDERLY man wants place private family;
useful In general; handy with toola and about
horses and garden; wages no object: good
references. Box 637. Call office. Oakland. ,
YOUNG man with several years' experience
as salesman and collector, desires position
with good furniture houae; references. W.
SANFORD, 317 Leavenworth at.
WANTED — Position aa atatlonary engineer,
quartz mill man or tool sharpener. Address
J. L. WETMORE. Brunswick Hotel, Oak- |
land.
YOUNG man (German) desires position in pri-
vate houae or hotel. Addreaa box 4115. Call.
JAPANESE wants situation in country; un-
derstanda milking cows, driving horaea.
farming, gardening, etc. 8. KATOH, 20
Lewis place. San Francisco.
YOUNG Chinese wants position as first cook:
private family or boarding-house. ON WEH
ON. 009 Clay at.
JAPANESE; good elevator boy. who has had
many yeara' experience, wanta position. F.
G.. 512 Turk st ¦
CHINESE, first-class cook wants position;
boarding house, hotel or restaurant S3
Wtverly place.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid for small fam-
ily in San Mateo. $25 see lady here; a
laundress for 3 In family, $30; a waitress
and parlor maid, San Rafael $30; a cook
for a hospital In city $40; a cook for a
German family. $35; 20 housework- girls for
city and country, $20 to $30. MISS PLUN-
KETT. 425 Sutter at., near Powell. ¦
A SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for house-
¦ work and cooking, 2 In family $30. see lady
here this morning. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter at., near Powell.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies ; in - our
waist department; only those with best city
references, experienced In selling waists,
need apply; good wages and Atcady position
to right parties. Apply Monday between 12
and 2 p. m. and a and 6 p. m., 43 Ellis tt.
YOUNG GIRLS ABOUT 10 YEARS OF AGE
FOR HAND FINISHING. STANDARD
FACTORY CORNER GOUGH AND GROVE
STREETS.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
: West. 233 Geary at. room 13.
< A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
; trade; manicuring. -i massage, etc.. "1236 Mar-
j ket *U.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
j ' at highest wages; day and eve.' class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
j both seasons taught -from start, to finish In 1
'month for $10; positions aa trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
. ' day and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A GOOD vest operator wanted; only those who
are flrst-clasa need apply; a steady poaltlon
la guaranteed, with union hours and union
' wages. Apply •: It. THOMAS, foreman vest
department, - S. N. WOOD A CO.'S factory,
27 Geary at. . ; ... .-.-¦'¦
WANTED— Experienced eowera - for altera-
tlona; apply, batween-9 and 10 a. m.; good
v wages;: ateady position. 43 EUia st.
• LADIES 'to do piecework home; we ' furnish
i materlala and pay * from $7 to $12 ;weekly.-
j "... Send envelope to Royal Co., E. 34 Monroe
, ;-. Bt. .Chicago. ; ::¦/¦¦'-' ''.' ¦'¦¦¦'¦¦¦-'• '" ¦'¦-.
I A^OPERATORS , on chlldren'a woolen . coata
j .: ¦ and : suits ; ¦ good pay. ¦ 066 Mission , St., third
; - floor. ' ¦-¦•-¦•¦.-¦.. ¦ -- y S-: -.v-y . ¦" _¦¦-•*¦/..¦¦' . ¦¦'¦¦
A WOMEN to take work home on ladles' and
children's underwear. 656 Mission at. third,
'/¦'floor.":' '¦;':¦¦'¦ **¦.'.*¦-•• •"'••¦'.*'"¦ "^:.'. r 'i" ' ""'•.-.'•¦'¦.'
LADIES to write letters home,. $25 a 100. Ad-
'. dressed envelope. -.American ' Novelty, Co.,
; 'dept.'. 101, -South 'Bend. Ind. I ....'::
LADIES i having • dolllea.:' centerplecea, f Batten-
berg, ¦ drawnwork ¦ for Bale. " aend • . envelope.
I Ladles' Exchange, D, 34 Monroe St., Chicago.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE — <?on.
BRIGHT. Intelligent young lady, under 20, to
travel . with doctor's family and engage In
pleasant profitable employ. 608 Van Ness ave.
125 a 100 WRITING letters; materials fur-
nlshed; no deposit. Particulars Woman's
Remedy Co., dept. U, Chicago.
$20 a 100 WRITING letters.. Addressed en-
: velope. Electric Remedy Co., dept. 101, 235
South Michigan, South Bend. Ind.
WANTED — Nureeglrl willing to assist with
light housework; good home. Call 'Monday
after 0 • a. m.. 713 Oak at. nr. Flllmore.
LADY stenographer with limited experience
to take pleasant position, with chances for
advancement. Address box 4425.
G LO VEM AK ERS— Experienced banders and
binders: also apprentices; wages. Carson
Glove Co.. 123 Second st
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands; also
apprentices. At LIVINGSTON BROS.. 123-8
Post :¦ at. -
WOMAN of Intelligence; business experience
unnecessary; free to travel. Box 4US8. Call.
BRIGHT, active woman for demonstrating:
good pay to right party. 231 Post «t. r. 5.
WANTED— Fitter; cloak and suit department
City of Parla Dry Goods Company, Geary
and Stockton sts.
CANDY aaleslady with experience Call to-day
from 0 to 1. BLUM'S Confectionery, comer
Polk and Sutter sts.
NEAT girl to assist with 14-months baby;
sleep home; wages $15; references. «21
O'Farrell at.
A— OPERATORS on ladiea* waists; good pay!
656 Mission at. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay. 050 Mission st. third floor.
A — WOMEN to do embroidery work at home*;
bring sample. 656 Mission St., third floor.
WANTED — A girl for second work. Apply at
2623 California at. "
GIRL for cooking and housework; small fam-
ily. Apply 9 to 12, 2502 California st
CAPABLE ¦ girl; housework, plain cooking;
large wash out; family 2; $20. 2224 Jackson.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman to assist with
housework. Call 090 -Tennessee st, Sunday.
WANTED Immediately — A commercial travel-
er. Box 4420. Call.
EXPERIENCED presser. Apply Dressmaking
Department, RAPHAEL "WEILL A CO.
GIRL wanted to do light housework; two In
family. 321^ Tehama at
GOOD woman for general housework. Apply
morning, 1780 Sutter Bt. \i
GIRL for light housework In email family.
Apply 193$ Bush tt.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands. EASTERN 1
OUTFITTING CO.. 1320 Stockton at.
GIRL for light upstairs work; fair wages. Ap-
pty PO2 Fulton at.
WANTED — Girl for light houaework; good
home. 3027 Washington at., near Baker.
WANTED— Flrst-claaa ironera. The French
Laundry Co.. 3372 Mission st
WANTED — Good pants finishers. Apply at :
once to S. N. WOOD A CO.. 27 Geary st (
BOOKBINDERY experienced hands and paid
apprentices; good chance for advancement
JOHN KITCHEN JR. CO.. 614 Commercial.
SKIRT and coat hands; also shopper and stock
girt. MULRONEY. 110 Geary st |
GIRLS and Ironers wanted at National Laun-
dry, 411 Sanchez «t^
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building.
WANTED — Young girl to assist In house-
work; small flat. 039 Devisadero st. Apply
between 9 and 11. '
GOOD sewers on cloaks and aults; also skirt
operators; good wages and steady positions.
Ratner Cloak Co.. 144 Union Square ave.
GERMAN girl for general housework. Call
7&0 Haight at., near Scott, bet. 9-12 a. m.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady work and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific ata.
GIRLS for gluing machines and tabla work.
WEMPE BROS.. 127 Mlaalon at. •
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LBVI STRAUSS * CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew on buttons by
band. Levl Strauss A Co.'s Shirt Factory,
36% Fremont at; see MR. HIND8HAW.
WANTED — Young woman who la an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' -
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label
and Lltho Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-at. entrance.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wage*.
Apply tt once, AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento at. ¦
WANTED — A eirl for general housework: Ger-
. man preferred. Apply 9O Twenty-ninth at.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 69 Columbian bldg., city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers fumlahed. Miss
M. G. Barrett,- instructor, 302 Montgomery-
WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER, 1200 Geary.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The.
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlaements and
subscriptions has been establlahed at 1090
Valencia at
HELP WANTED— MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620— SACRAMENTO ST— 520
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leldeadorff at
SPECIAL— Bosa Here To-morrow (Monday.)
DIAMOND MATCH CO.*8 WORKS.
CHICO BUTTE . CO CHICO
HALF FARE. FEE $1. HALF FARE.
10 2-horse teamsters, $2 25 day.
10 4-horae teamMera. $2 60 day.
SPECIAL. SHIP MONDAY. FEE SI.
ASTORIA. OREGON. NEAR PORTLAND.
FEE SI. -FARE S3. FEE $1.
25 rockmen, $50 and found; 75 laborers, S51
and found.
300 men. chop wood, ties, stave and shingle
bolts; big wages; all over State.
' Watch our ads In to- morrow'a (Monday) pa-
pers; your Job will be there for you. Call
and get a list of Jobs at PACIFIC EMPLOY-
' MENT AGENCY, 620 Sacramento St.
RELIABLE general agent wanted in every
. county to sell our popular accident and alck-
nrES policies; new plan; death benefit; wkly.
indemnity: specific Indemnity for loss of limbs
or eyesight: free medical attendance; many
other original and . popular features, annual
premiums $1 to S6; no assessments or dues;
j issued to either sex without regard to nation-
ality, color or occupation; all claims promptly ,
and liberally settled; more policies issued and
more claims paid under our aystem than by
any other company In the world, because we
' give the most popular and cheapest Insurance
written; exceptional opportunity to obtain solo
' control of territory by applying immediately;
previous experience not required, but financial
responsibility absolutely essential. Add. The
International Co.. 231 Broadway, New York.
WE • want derlts. stenographers.-: printers and
- all others who work hard for small wages to
learn . the new profession of advertisement
writing; : competent men are In demand all
over the . country — particularly the West;
¦ salaries < range from S20 to $150 per week;
we aid * you to get ' employment through our
/extensive- connections; aend to-day • for our
beautiful prospectua — free. THE GASKILL-
POWELL CO..- 506-8 Hyde st, San Fran-
cisco. .*. , -
LADIES' TAILORS. ATTENTION!
-You are hereby cordially Invited to attend
a mass meeting of the Ladies' Tailors' Union
of San Francisco, to be held on the 13th lnat. {
at their headquarters. 417 Poat st.' for the
purpose of completing organization; no initia-
tion fees. ••-••¦ J. • MESSIER, Prea.
. ROBT. HAINKE. Rec Bee.
SALESMEN wanted everywhere to handle
"Novelty Sign Cards": every merchant buys
,10:to 100 'on:. sight; -800 varietlea; catalogue
" free. ; Sullivan Co.. ,45 May at. Chicago, 111.
MEN wanted I to distribute samples, circulars,
tack signs, etc.; we have distribution for ev-
ery locality; good pay; permanent occupation.
ATOZ,- South Whltley. Ind.
TRAVELING aaleaman; an active, energetic
'man for California territory; staple line; es-
. • tabllahed high-rated house. . F. R, \ JEN-
'. NINGS, Sales Manager. Detroit, Mich. .
POSTOFFICE examinations will be held soon;
' excellent chances for appointments ; ' we , can
. prepare you for a successful grade. . For par-
l Oculars ; address National Correap. ; Inatltute,
,. 027 » Market at'.; San : Franciaco. ; : ¦
WANTED — Man familiar with glass and crock-
: ery trade to write weekly letter, for a glass
trade : paper. '¦¦ , Addreaa, - stating compensation
"wanted/ J. ; G. "'. KAUFMAN, box 1540. Pltta-
burg. Pa., '.'--..¦•¦• - •'-'¦,-'•¦/ - 1 -'., - ¦; '• ¦*
BUNDLE wrappers, youths from 18 to 20 yeara
! > of age. . "Apply superintendent's office, Empo-
. ..rtum.; •¦.*';. .-¦¦;' '•..•¦:.¦ ,;- ;.'.;:..-.. ¦ ¦ .¦;-•.-.:. .-,_,¦
YOUNG man to make himself generally useful
¦ in gents' furnishing store, '635 Valencia at
CHURCH SERVICES. I
EIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, corner
Haye* and Buchanan uts. — Rev. John Ste- (
phenf. pastor. 333 Haight et Subject of ser- i
inon at 11 a. m.. "The Gospeal According to
Mark." At 7:80 p. m.. "The Destiny ot the
Soul." Music by chorus under the direction of
I. E. Blake. Sunday-school at 12:30 p. ra..
C. B. Perkins, Epworth i
League at <J:3u p. m.. Dr. R. O. Moody, pres-
ldect.
GRACE Church (Methodist Episcopal), corner
Twenty-first and Capp ats. — Rev. Francis M. j
Larkin. Ph. D.. pastor. Sen-Ices at 11 a. ,
m. tr.ii 7:30 i>. m. Morning subject "The ]
Spirit of o. Prophet." Evening subject, ]
"Does Christian Living Pay?" AH cordially
Invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet \
and Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D. |
D., pastor, will preach at both services. Al j
11 %i m.. topic. "Exhortation to a Pure .
Life." At 7:45 p. ra.. topic. "The Questions
Christians Are Discussing." All are cordlally
lnvited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post ft.
near Webster.— Rev. L C. Meierve. D. D..
pastor. Morning worship at II. Sermon ,
theme, "In the Things of My Father: or. the ;
Glorious Completeness of Christian Service." j
Evening worship at 7:45. Sermon iheme, j
"What la That In Thy Hands: or. Our :
Tools and How to Uee Them." The quartet I
choir will sing the Magnificat In C (Haney .
Lohr). and the quartet, "God Is Our Hop* i
and Strength" (Weber). In the evening. The
people are welcome. I
THIRD Congregational, 13th »t. near Mission—
Rev. William Rader. pastor, will preach at
both sen-ices. At 11 a. ra.. "Old Paths— a
Study cf Jonathan Edwards." At 7:30 p. m. I
"Tente en the Mountain, or Luminous Hours.
UNITARIAN Chrrch (First), S. W. cor. Geary i
and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford Leavltt, I
mlnletcr. Rev. Bradford Leavltt and Chas.
A. Munlock. supts. of Sunday school. The I
Junior church and Sunday school are at 10 j
o'clock. The morning service la at 11 o'clock,
Rev. Bradford Leavltt will preach; subject, J
"TJoe Great Calm " Music by quartet, under
direction of 11. Bretherlck. organist.- Parents
may leave their children in the kindergarten
during sen-ice. All are cordially invited.
There la no evening service.
VNITAHIAN Church (Second), corner 20th and
Cajp sts. fTake Mission or Valencia st. cjr.)
Rev. Jay William Hudson, minister; resi-
dence. 600 Carp «t. The Sunday school is at
S>:<5 o'clock; \\\ O. Maxwell, superintendent.
UN morning sen-ice is at 11 o'clock. Her. '
Jay William Hudson will deliver the second ;
eennon of the series on the Religion of Great ;
Men; subject, "The Creed of John Rurkln." j
Music by orchestra and choir, under the di-
rection of Ja.bi*h Clement. All the seats aie ,'
free. No regular evening gen-Ice.
FIRST Pre*byterian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrle. pastor. Morning sen-Ice, 11 o'clock. '
¦Subject. "Service." Evening service. 7:30;
o'clock. Subject. "Christ Healing Man Blind j
From Birth." The pastor will preach at both •
een-tce*. Pahbath Kchocl. 12:30 p. m. Chris-
tlan Endeavor. ti:15 p. m. Wednesday. S !
p. m. midweek service. All are cordially I
Invited. !
CALVARY Pr^yterian Church, corner Jack- ]
eon and Flllmore etreeia — Rev. John Hemp-
hill. I). D.. j>a*tor. Morning service at 11 '
o'clock. Protefsor Hugh W. Giichriet of the
Theological Swnlnary of San Anselmo will
' preach. livening sen-Ice at 7:30 o'clock. ;
The pastor will preach; sermon topic. "A i
Trumpei Call to Souls Asleep." Sabbath j
school at a :.';<• a. m.; orchestral music. 1
Christian Endeavor meeting at C:30 p. m.
Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at H
o'clock. All are cordially Jin vited^ i
TRINITY Episcopal Church — Rev. Frederick '
W. Clami*ett. l>. D., rector. Holy cam- j
munion, T:3it a. m. Sunday-pchool. 'J:M>. ,
Morning prayer and litany, 11. Sermon by |
rector. People's one-hour service, S p. m., ;
by Rev. D. Charles Gardner. Subect "The
Practical Side of Christianity."
FIRPT Baptist Church. Eddy St., near Jones —
Preaching. 11 a. m. and 7:3l> p. m.. by Rev.
Chas. J. Hall; topic, morning, "Evolution as ]
Taught by St. Paul": evening. "A Young!
Man Who Was Sorry Because His Eyes Were
Opened." Bible achool. 12:30 p. m. Y. P. ,
S. C. E.. <5:3O p. m. Prayer meeting. Wed- I
nesday. 7:45 p. m. All are cordially invited j
to tfcese service*. 1
A GREAT rally of men -v-ill be held to-day at '
the YuunK M^n's Christian Association. Ma- ]
eon and KUis sts.. 3 o'clock: special address I
to men only by Rev. H. H. Bell. D. D.; *ub-
ject, "A Millionaire Who Lost His Religion." \
The Robaon orchestra will furnish music. Mr.
McCoy's "Life Question." Bible cla« and a
reception will follow Dr. Bell's address. Ail
men invited. I
FIRST Church of ChriM. Scientist. Central j
block. 2Zi Sutler «., bet. Kearny and Grant !
ave — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.; j
subject cf lessori-permon, "Doctrine of Atone- j
meat." Sunday school for children at the
same hour: \\>dn«>*day evening meeting at 8
o'clock: free reading room. 200 Kearny St..
rooms 509-510; all are welcome.
THE People's Church holds sen-ices Sunday
at S r>. m. in Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter at..
Central block. Subject this evening, "Above
Ail to Thine Own S*-lf lie True," etc. Pas-
tor. Mrs. Anna L. Gilleepie. i
THE Theofophlcal Society— Col. H. S. Olcott.
president-founder. Public lecture at 8 p. m..
tn Golden Gate Hall, Sutter St.. by Charles
W. Leadbeater of London: subject. "Tele-
rethy and Mind Cure." Admission 25c.
MEETINGS— SUNDAY.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S meeting to-night. 909
Market tt.. Iclanthe Ha.Il: admission free; no ,
i-eadinRS till Thursday account sickness; olr.
Frl. evg. at 10(*O Harrison; phone Mint 907. ;
MME. YOXNG? convincing teat circle to-night,
loe. 619 McAllister; all private readings
daily, 700 Central ave., nr. Webster, Alameda.
MME. SEELEY. in epirit costume; grand flow-
*r test mfetlng: good music; Friendship
Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. ra.; adzn. 10c.
•ATTEND Mrs. Harland'e circles evenings; to-
night, 10c; psychic readings dally. 148 6th.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test aeancea ever}' night
except Sat., 10c; sit.: 10 to 5. 148 Sixth Bt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sit. daily; test to all every night; 10c.
MRS. STODDARD gives genuine tests of spirit
return to each; Sun., Tues.; sittings. 27S 9th.
TESTS— Front hall. 909 Market; 2, 7:30; D~
Cowan. Mrs. Gilllngham. Wllaon. Prof.Gray.
FREE thought lecture. "Was Adam the First
Man?" Arthur M. Lewis. Odd Fellows'; 8.
MRS. HBERHARDT, spiritual test meeting. 8
p. m. aharp; 10c. 3250 Twenty-eecond at.
C. V. Miller's mat. eeance to-night 8 o'clock;
$1. 1064 Bush at; phone Larkin 4133.
MADAM ETAHR and Charlotte; circle Sunday
evening, 10c. 12fiC Market «rt., room 67.
EARLE'S seance to-night also Wednesday
afternoon, 2:30. 1052 Ellis Bt; 25c.
SUXDAY LECTURES.
AA — DR.. JOHN A. KEROAKS free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle,
80S Market ft.; subject, "The Accessory Nerve
System." followed by views of a tour around
the world; free tickets will be distributed for
X-Ray exhiblticn at sanitarium Tuesday
evening; remember the question box; special
music.
6WAMI TR'lGUNATITA will deliver his elev-
enth lecture on "The Purpose of Life" to-
night at S o'clock; ad. 25c; he also lectures on
the Glta every Monday night: ad. 50c. 3 tlck-
eU |1. Vidanta Society. 40 Stelner st.
O. N. ORLOW will dem-er a lecture
In Golden Gate Hall (upstairs), 629 Sutter St.
this evening at R o'clock sharp; subject
"The Power of Suggestion."
Good music and singing. Admission la free.
"THE Kingdom," "New Thought' • 11 and '
7:i0. ThacJdeua Fritz of Forward Movement
Occidental Hall. Larkin and McAllister sts!
TO-NIGHT. Stelnway Hall. 223 Sutter st. Dr.
Mclvor Tyndall's physic demonstration and
lecture; subject. "The Thought that Kills."
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown.
"Mental Dyspepsia." Odd Fellows' bldg: 8.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
MOR.SE Lodge No. 237. L O. O. F. .^vwwrw,.
— Offlcers and members are notl- -^rfcraShftfe.
Red to at the hall on
fiUNDAT, October 11. at 1:30 "^BWl^
p. r.i. to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother. THOMAS W. FISHER. All mem-
bers are requested to be present
.... W. H. FELDCAMP. N. O.
C BRIND. Recording Secretary.
EUREKA Lodge No. 0, IC of P.. 909 <£.
Market st — Attend funeral of our nSIK*^
late brother. GEORGE D. H. RECK. /•2k
TUESDAY. October 13. at 2 p. ra. J&Sk*.
By order FRED KLEIN. C. C.
. J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. cf R. and a
MEMBERS of Montezuma Tribe No. ai«>.
77. I. O. R. M., ere requested to \jg3ScS
Ettrnd the fun«-ral cf our late tiXSkj
brother. H. G. KIRSCHNER. from the fami-
ly residence. 1S2 Hawthorne St.. at 1:30 this
afternoon. COMMITTEE.
THE Stn Francisco Scottish Thistle v «-> v.
Club will hold its 22d annual HjU-3, >4tS«
lowccn ball. FRIDAY EVENING. \Kt^
October 30. 1903, at Lyric Hall. V^%
119 Eddy et Everybody, welcome. A gala
time assured to all. Good music. Grand
inarch at t>:30 p. tn. Admission '(.ayable at
door), 25 cents. Hat and cloak room* at dis-
posal of guests.
GEORGE W. MILLER, Royal Chief
GEOnGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ET. ANDREWS Society— "Heather" A *r»v,
social MONDAY EVE.. Oct 12, In3y,?i&7
large halt Distribution of he-a thei >J\I^
sent from Scotland. Members and
friends cord'.ally invited. Admission free.
LZTERARY COMMITTEE.
| BUSINESS CHANCES Continued..
$S0OO — HOTEL property; in one of the beat
. country towns In California; including the
whole property; profit over $400 per month,
clear of expense.
Sickness Cause of Sale.
THE ALDEN CO..
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
IF you desire to sell or exchange business, real
i estate or mines, no matter where located, or
desire to Invest money, try INTERNATION-
AL BROKERAGE ASS'N INC.. 330 Pine
St.. S. F.. Cal.
A RESTAURANT for sale. 194 First st T.
COLE.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140... $4000
&8 rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 200*)
24 rooms: corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20.... 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 660
120 rooms; good lease: low rent 6300
67 rma. ; apartments rWeatern Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotel*, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL A CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
A NEWLY furnished flat for sale; 18 rooms,
and all arranged for renting. '823 and 825
Polk st; apply 8:30 to 12 or 1:30 to 5, be-
glnnlng Monday; price $2250.
SPIRITUAL! SM. ~~~
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted peychlc for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st, nr. Octavla; phone Scott 887.
ETHEL CRINDLE, special materializing ae-
ance Sunday eve., 50c. 328 Ellis, 8 o'clock.
EIAVARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week For
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The. First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, wife
or sweetheart ia true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you' will reach the
¦ highest possible development in mental vigor,
health, happineas and capacity to earn
wealth; bo you will live fc".ppy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. m. to S
p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to S. 326 O'Farrell st, 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third at., next Examiner
bldg.; she reada your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals tha
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable, advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 456^
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located. at 1104 Market
tt.. *or. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. ro. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory aa In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't aend currency. Send postofflce,
\Vells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past present and future;
Iadle6. 50c; ' gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; SI 60. 126 Turk «t.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS WARD, arreat card reader; ladies 25c;
others fall; call on this celebrated medium;
satisfaction or no pay. 413 Mason ul. ;no sign.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
FREE— FREE — Your fortune told: send birth-
date and three 2c stamps. DR. BEST, 111 D.
0C5. Chicago. . ¦-
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life,, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5" 4th at, near Market
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 1S2 Sixth at.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader;ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 031 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. JAKEWAY, clairvoyant and palmist;
readings $1. 939 Eddy at. right hand bell.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
2t)Vi Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant card reader: alt-
tlngs dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
AIR, compressed, dry, ice cold, la now univer-
cally uaed in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prlcea mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 355-357 Tehama at; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.; Al work guar-
anteed, 3c. 1843 15th at; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning, 3c; tel. Mission 229.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattreaaes made over. 1432 Howard -.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Illusion 263.
CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet- beating Works,
833 Golden Gate ave.: telephone Eaat 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 60 Geary — AH
aliments of the feet cured: cor s. bunions. etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580
DENTISTS.
ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC, 800 MarkeTTt*
cor. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
our specialty; gold crowns, $3 BO up; plates,
$4 50 up, extraction free; office hours, 9
a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS, 604-5-6 Callaghan bldg., Market
and McAllister sts:, uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
' Ing. drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
. without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
> — No charge for extracting when plates are
icade; old plates made over like new; teetb
. from $8 per aet; extracting. COo; gaa given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set;all work painleas and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ccr.Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewl»t.204 Sutter.
dressmakers and seamstresses
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school
Will fit you for business.
Will give you practical course in full.
Will teach you to cut, baste, fit and finish.
Will give you the leading system of cutting.
Any pattern cut to measure. - 1019 Market Et.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, etew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
~ DYEING AND CLEANING. ~
SEA breezes sweeten all ' garments, ' blankets,
lace curtains, etc., . done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EMFL OyMENT^^OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post at; tel. Buah 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes beat help; contracts for farm help,' etc.
IF you want Japanese help, advertise in The
New World, Japanese dally paper,' 353 Geary.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japaneae-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5753.
A— GRAND Jepanese-Chlneae Emp. Office, 418
- Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment •' Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411^ O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kind* help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997/ BRADLEY & CO.. • 640 CTay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMAtiT
AMERICAN woman wants work by i the - day;
¦ ¦ ia willing; guarantee satisfaction; < carpet
cleaning a specialty; fine - laundrets; > $1 25
day. ; 174 ' Fourth at. ; one flight, room 10.
A NEAT, reliable young girl wishea a position
* to , do ; housework ¦ and ; help ¦ with I the • cooking
In ». : small ' family, 1 or : chamber ¦ work ; In r a
boarding-house ; no children; excellent refer-
ences; wages f 20-|25. Box 4412, Call.
I MKKTIVO NOTICES— Contlniied. |
TO the funeral detail of the Riggers' IT
and Stevedores' Union Association, jSft
Local 222 of the I. L. M. and T. /*SS
\ts>Klat!on — CummenclnK with \V. <rfSfi§
UYEHS and ending with GEOKGU Jg«Hr
BESS1TT. You are hereby notified SSlSffft
to be at our hall. tiO3 Front »t,
i TO-PAY (SUNDAY), October 11, at 12:30
p m. to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother THOMAS HARNETT. By order of
' THOS. F. BRYANT, President
! HENRY JEND, Recording Secretary.
! TO the funeral delegation of the Ringers' and
Stevedores' Union Association. Local 222, of
the I L. M and T. Association— Beginning
with EDWARD BRANDSTETTER and end-
I ing with FRANK T. BELT. You are hereby
notified to report at our hall. CO- Front at.,
TO-DAY (SUNDAY). October 11. at 1 p. m-.
to attend the funeral of our deceased brother.
OLE OLSSON^ B] y or*"*^ pie9ldent
HENRY JEND. Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15, V-^
American Association of i§£ T&Jrg^,
Maotem and Pi!otc— Officers i SI ¦ 5 JpaEflP^
¦ and members are hereby jBaW'^^^
notified that there will be a IT
smoker and social after our regular mec'n^ )
on MONDAY EVENING. Oct. 12. A gooJ ;
; attendance Is earnestly requested. Membra j
I ct Golden Gate Harbor No. 40 and visiting
brothers are cordially invited to be present.
D. S. AMES, Captain.
K. N. PIPPEY. Sec
' THE California Debris Commission. having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from George Wlest In Magnolia mine.
near Georgetown. El Dorado County, Cal..
I draining Into Otter Creek, which reaches
Middle Fork of American River, and from J.
t J. Hoffmann and T. M. Browne. In William
Roueh & Co.'a mine near Forest HIU, Placer
j County, Cal.. draining Into Volcano Canyon
Creek, which reaches Middle Fork of Am«rt-
' can River, gives notice that meeting will be
held at room 9«. Flood building, San Fran-
j dsco. Cal.. Oct. lfl. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice Is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of The Bank of California will
be held at the banking bouse In this city on
TUESDAY. October 13. 1&03. at 11 o'clock
a. m. By order of the board of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
I $1.00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. The
! manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladles' and men's
cress shoe known desire men and women
demonstrators everywhere. Ten NEW, re-
markable sight selling health and comfort
feature*; original selling plan; possibilities
unlimited. NO BISK. Write to-day.
Kushion Komfort Shoe Co.. 1165 Market st.,
j San Francisco. Cal.
' BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others: we start you In profitable mall order
business at your home; pleasant work; im-
i mtr.ft profits; unlimited possibilities; full In-
! lormatlon for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
I ARD CO.. Denver. Colo. ;
• LADIES make money easily Introducing our
goods among their friend*; active women
make this a permanent and profitable business
without capital. MRS. BURWASH & CO.,
38 State st., Chicago.
i WANTED — A steady man to travel and col-
lect; salary J2O per week; expenses advanced;
small ca*h security and references required.
Box 271. bacramento. Cal.
; AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that la
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Co.. .Parrott bldg.
• HOUSEHOLD novelty: 1OO.000 sold In Milwau-
kee- big profits; exclusive field; free sample;
ralary. Edgi;en Mfg. Co., Milwaukee, Wla.
! AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our
novelty machines; send stamp for circular
and price. FOOTE CO.. Los Angeles, Cal..
I S32 A WEEK salary and expenses for men
with rigs to sell poultry compound. Imperial
Mfg. Co.. dept. &4, Parsons. Kans.
MAKE $5 day; eell photos Paris life; list and
sample. 12e. W. GASTON, burrau 14, Parla.
France.
' NATIONAL Trio sells for 20c to 9 out of 10
persons. SMITH & CO., box 153S, Provl-
; dence. R. I.
! AGENTS wanted — Apply Halprunner Medical
Mfg. Co., 28 California at, afternoons.
i LADY or gent; $10 a day for intelligent talker;
Tunopah atocka. Box 4428, Call office.
ASTROLOGY. - '
! ARAMANCHA. Hindoo s€er. adept In astrol-
i ogy; obscure diseases located; horoscopes
I cast 105 Ellis at
~ ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice In Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy,
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat-
ents, estates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
ADVICE GUARANTEED.
CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED.
511. C11A. 511B Croesley Bldg. Tel. John 2926.
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
O. W. HOWE.
Attorney and Counselor at Law, i ,
Open Evenings 7 to 9. Phone Jessie 4711.
OMce« on First Floor — Rooms 1, 2. 3. 4 and 5.
1122 Market St., Between Mason and Taylor. <
.Almost Opposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. S3. 916 Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
organised; civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room Gil; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
eveninga by appointment Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate an£ all other law
rases: no fees In advance; open every even-
lr.g. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St., r. 31
LEGAL Aid Beneficent Society (Inc.) will help
meritorious cases. W. TEMPLE, Sec, 03
Chrnicle building.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; open even-
Inga. 927 Market st. room 301.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Room 612.
Parrott bldg.
L. e. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket at.; consultation free; no feea In advance.
AITKEN A AITKEN. attorneya, rs. 809-10-11.
Clunle bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful ; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market
BUILDINGS TO LET.
BRICK building In wholesale district 19.000
square feet floor space, to lease for long term;
additional story If desired: will put In order
to suit tenant. ASHTON A GARDINER. 411
Montgomery at
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HERE is an opportunity; a partner wanted in
the chief hotel and saloon In a rich mining
region In California: 55 rooms, parlors, etc.
etc.; office of two stage lines; open day and
night; sawmill, water, large lot stable barn
cowe. hoga and about 100 chickena owned by
hotel; no rent; no water bills; no milk bills;
electric lighted; one partner ill; $1000 cash,
balance easy. Further particulars from
RICHARD PHELAN, room 97, Golden West
Hotel.
SMALL investments have yielded large average
¦ returns — $20 invested ten months has pro-
duce! average earnings exceeding those of tha
Standard Oil Co.; opportunity still open;
straightforward, honorable business proposi-
tion, coming from a corporation with $1,000,-
000 capital; nat. bank refs.: write us. STAR
& CRESCENT CO.. 226 La Salle at.. Chicago.
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a new brick apartment-house of 175 rooms,
In the cUv*b awelleat locality; partly furnlah-
ed. and although Just | opened la over half
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; If you want an apartment-house don't
fall to get particulars of this at room 1404
and 1405. Call building.
$3000— BUSINESS requiring the attention of the
owner not to exceed S hours a day, guaran-
teed to pay $115 per month; Investment abso-
lutely secured by real estate. W. K. CONGER
A. CO.. 1601 Park st.. Alameda. _^
JUDICIOUS, systematic speculation in wheat la
profitable; $20 margins 1000 bu. 2c. Send for
free book on option trading. OSBORN Grain
I Co.. 17 Chamber of Commerce, Minneapolis,
Minn. •? ¦ -:
WANTED by lady from the East, party to
assist with . or take full charge of rooming
house at once. Box 3510. Call office.
. 1750 — PARTNER In well-eatabllahed fruit
and produce commission bus.; outgoing part-
ner retiring, account old age. Box 4054, Call.
FOR sale— General mdse. store. 50 miles from
San Francisco. See WELLMAN-PECK
wholesale grocer*. ¦ -
$500 ONLY— For a country hotel with bar; not
far from- Oakland, p. C. LABSEN A CO.,
Oakland. Cal.
I HALF Interest in . scow for 1 sale; plenty of
: work; good money. Apply 201 Shotwell st
ESTABLISHED dental office down town; easy
payments; owner going East Box 4414.' Call.
SNAP— Bargain; 14 rooms; central location**
price. $850. Weatern Realty Co.. 1007% Mrkt
| IF you are interested in patents and desire 1n-
I formation, call at 420 Montgomery 'st,;r/ 20.
MORNING paper route for ealeVTeadtng paper.
Apply box 835. Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE boy about 16; package department,
wholesale house: $4 50 start. Apply 161 First.
ERRAND boy wanted: about the age of 14.
Address box 4106. Call office.
HOUSE painter wanted for foreman. 1701 Suu
ter st. .
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, eble-
bodled unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K st. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — A traveling man at once: per-
manent position: salary $20 per week: ex-
penses advanced: opportunity for advance-
ment; references and security required. Ad-
dress box 271, Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced dry goods
delivery department man; one who has had
San Francisco experience; will pay $73 to
right party: state age. experience and sal-
ary expected. Address box 4101. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has)
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 23c to 50c per night
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLEB
SYSTEM COLLECT. C35 Clay st
YOUNG man; stock clerk for manufacturing
concern; state age. salary expected and ref-
erences. Box 4079. Call.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14, 28 Montgomery st, San Fraa-
dsco Construction Company.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED Middle-aged man; experienced la
grocery business. 3023 Laguna st.. 1 p. m.
ERRAND boy well' recommended. ROGER-
SON'S. 633 Valencia st.
COAT baaters wanted. $20 to $23 per ww»|
steady work. 27 Geary at.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REI33
BROS Sc CO.. 24 Sutter »t
a" NURSERYMAN anil Jobbing garden**
wanted. 500 Haight at.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; other busl-
neaa; a bargain. Box 4064. Call office.
McDONALD & PERRT have a large stock of
new and sec.ond-ba.nd shoea: cheap. 23d 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thoma* Post. O.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition la 3. T»
Barber School. 741A Howard at
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2<t Steoart st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar.
ket — 700 rooms. 33c night; reading room*;
fr*e 'bus and baggage to and from terry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. B63 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23a
to 50c. S63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2A sta.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Thomau K. Lynch. 32. 249 Polk atreet. and
Carrie M. Marsh. 27, 12 Page atreet.
B. Grant Maurer. 21. 420 Lily avenue, and
Lottie M. Smith, 21. 121 Olive avenue.
David Beguhl, 72, Vallejo, and EMsa Opper-
mann. 51. city.
Fred Beal. 20. 730 Harrison atreet and Lla-
zle B. Ellerby, 24, Marshfleld. Or.
Samuel F. Welnstock. 23. 183f Page street,
and Hannah Maler. IX. 030 Folsom street.
Alfred M. Nuckolls, 31. 226 Sixth- avenue,
and Anna I'.anka. 32, Ukiah.
Wllbcr W. Snow, 21, Sebastopol, and Cora
B. Martin, 18. Avoca. Mich. ;-
William Corser, 34. Seattle, Wash, and
Lena Forgerson, 26. 1112 Powhattan avenue.
Marx Schwlnd. 30. 311 Joost avenue, and
MacJalena Wledratann, 4::, 311 Joost avenne.
Antonio P. Flrpo. 32. 124 Landers street, and
Margherlta Toacantnl. 1». Us Landers street.
Joe Lamb. 25. 110 Jackson atreet, and Mary
Encs, 18, 11(5 Jackson atreet.
Nicolo Perata, 22. San Mateo, and AngJo-
llna Lamlfoslia. 21. 310 Broadway.
George A. Shayer, 24. 1500 Folaom street,
and Kate O'Brien. 22. city.
Simeon W. Newbury. 22. 236 Myrtle arenue,
and Alice Schuepr>. 21, 207 Main street.
Elmer W. Thacher. 21. 1»4 Oak street, and
Emily Parsons. 19, St. Paul, Minn.
Bartolomeo Agazzl. 29. SCO Seventh street,
and Jennie Lunglnotti. 20. 605 King street.
Mate Sussaln. 2<\ 61SB Lombard street and
Katlca Bleclch. IS. S1SB Lombard street.
Thomas O. Cook. 22. Santa Rosa, and Annie
Shawl. 21. 1220 Laguna street.
BIBTHS— HABRIAGES— DEATB&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per*
tons authorized to have the same publlahed.
BALZER— In this city, September 28, 1905. to
the wife of William W. Balxer. a daughter.
BOLGER — In this city. October 8, 1903. to tb«
wife of J. J. Bolger, a daughter.
CANTLEN— In this city, to the wlf« ot J"am««
J. Cantlen, a eon.
HALEY— In this city. October 8, 1903, to ta«
wife of C. E. Haley, a son.
JONES — In this city. October 4. 1903. to th»
wife of Hugh L. Jones (nee Duttke). a. son.
McKENNA— In Lorln. Cal.. October 8. 1803.
to the wife of Joseph R. McKenna, a daugh-
ter.
McNICHOLAS— In thl» city, October 9. 1908.
to the wife of Captain J. McNlcholaj. a
son.
MORGAN — In this city, October 4. 1803. to
the wife of F. C. Morgan, a daughter.
REA— In this city. October 1, 1903, to th« wlf»
of L. E. Rea, a daughter.
SCHAEFER— In this city, October 3, 1903, t»
the wife of Adam Schaefer. a daughter.
MAB.BIED.
BAKER— ALDRICH— In this city. October «L
- 19O3. by the Rev. L. C. Sanford. Despard
Dillon Baker and Gertrude Edna Aldrlch.
KUTNER— HUTSHING— In this city. Septem-
ber 20. 1903. by the, Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Louli
Kutner of Fresno and Bertha M. Hutahinf
i of San Francisco.
MEYER— BROTEN— In this city, October 8.
1903. by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Georg*
Meyer and Anna Broten.
PEDERSON— HANSEN— In tbto city. October
7, 1903, by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Otto H.
Pederson and Augusta N. Hansen.
WILSON— NOLTEMEIER— In this city. Sep-
tember 30, 1903. Ernest Wilson of Palo 'Alts
and Bertha A. Noltemeier of San Francisco.
DIED.
Allen. Edna G. Mead. Jamas VT. '
Banks, Rev. A. B. Miller. Ellxabetb
Brady. Thomas J. Moore, William
Bushell. Mrs. W. H. O'Day, Blanche 3C
Charller, Carl Owens. John M.
Coyle, Bridget Palmer, Marvin 8.
Desmond. William Parker. Milan
Fassler. Sophie Quast, Johann
Fellows, Mrs. F. A. Reck. George D. H.
Fisher. Thomas W. Rlchet. Eugene C.
Henlon. Ernest D. Rheln. Dorothy
Hlgglns. William J. SchmlUer. Sophie J.
Howe. Edw. T. 8eabright. William
Johnson. Alfred Shepston. Roals
Kalghin, Charles J. Smyth, George P.
Kane, Nellie Smyth. Robert
Klrchner. Henry U. Stecher. Otto
Kruger. Minnie Toye. Captain Joha
Levy. Jacob Van Crombruggaa,
McCooey. James Mary
McMartln, Edward Williams. Chauncy
ALLEN— In this city. October 9. 1903. Edna,
Gertrude, dearly beloved daughter of Ed-
ward and Lizzie Allen, and sister of George.
Ethel and Evelyn Allen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years * month, and IS
days.
fSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 243 Langton street Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BANKS— In this city, October 10. 1903, Rev.
Asahel Bill Banks, beloved husband of Sarah
M. Banks, and father of Edward Asahel. E.
Helen. Alice B. and Lucretla, O. Banks,
formerly pastor of First Baptist Church of
Sacramento. Cal., aged 54 yeara 4 months
and 5 days.
C^Frleads and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral aervicss
Monday. October 12. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at
the First Baptist Church. Eddy street, near
Jones. Interment private. Remains- at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2173 Mission street, near
Twenty-first
BBADY— In this city. October 9. 1903. Thomas
' - J.. beloved husband of .Annie Brady, and
father of Mrs. J. Burns and . Mrs. Georgs
Musgrave, a native of Windsor. Vt. aged 68
years and 5 months.
C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Valente. Marlnl A Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, between Union and Green. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BUSHELL— In this city. October 9. 1903. Mrs.
William H. Bushell. beloved wife of William,
H. Bushell. daughter of Patrick and Cather-
ine W*rd. and slater of Mrs. Josephine
O'Connor. Mrs. Mary Hudson, Mrs. Margaret
Patrick W. Ward, a native of Ireland, aged
35 years and 4 days. • ¦ .
*_F rF T iend " and "quaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday}, at 1 o'clock, from her Ute resl-Movements of Steamers.
sometimes occurs. The heights given ara In
addition to the soundings of tha United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, end then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is th» mean
of the lower low waters. —
AMERICAN SHIP W. F. BAB
COCK THAT WENT ASHORE
IN CHESAPEAKE BAY.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Rival Willapa Harbor (Oct. 11
Redondo Humboldt lOct. 11
F. H. Lessen Humboldt lOct. 11
Chas. Nelson.. Portland Sc Astoria lOct. 11
Arctic Humboldt |Oct. 11
Iaqua Humboldt Oct. 11
Pomona. Humboldt Oct. 11
Siberia China & Japan Oct. 11
Argo Eel River Ports lOct. 11
Mlneola Tacoma -. |Oct. 11
Phoenix Mendoclno lOct. 11
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. jOct. 12
Coronado Grays Harbor |Oct. 1^
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Oct. 12
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 12
Lakme San Pedro Oct. 12
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.. Oct. 13
Alarm da Honolulu Oct. 13
Chlco Coquille River Oct. 33
Uarda Seattle Oct. 13
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Oct. 14
CityPuebla.. Pugct Sound Ports (Oct. 14
Corona Humboldt ....iOct. 14
Eureka Humboldt IOct. 14
Santa Rcsa... San Diego & Way Pt«.. Oct. 13
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 15
Bairu'vtiuta. .. N>w Torfc via Panama. OcL 13
Rainier. Seattle & Whatcom.... Oct. 15
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Oct. 16
Arcata Cooa Bay & Port Orford Oct. 17
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria.:.. Oct. 17
North Fork... Humboldt ;. Oct. 18
Isis Seattle Oct. IS
Mariposa Tahiti Oct. 18
Umatilla..... Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
Sierra.. Sydney & Way Port*.. Oct. 19
Acapulco New York via Panama. Oct. 21
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 21
Coptic.'., China & Japan Oct, 23
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 11.
Redondo Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
S. Rosa..... san Diego & Way.j 9 am|Pier 11
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
October XM.
Eureka Humboldt 2 pm Pier 13
Kon'ta Newport & W r ay Pts 9 am Pier IB
N.Fork.... Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor. 4 pm Pier 2
" October 13.
Phoenix.... Mendocino Qty ... 1 pm Pier 13
Arcata Cooa B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt ...<. 1:30 p Pier 9
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay| |Pier 16
Samoa Los Angeles Ports..! 9 am Pier 2
October 14.
Chico Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt | 5 pm Pier 10
October 15. I x . .
State of Cal san Diego & Way. 0 am|PIer 11
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 ptniPler 10
N. Maru China- & Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 1G. |
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Corona Humboldt .:...... 1:30 p Pier 9
S. Monica. . kos Angeles Ports. . 0 am Pier 2
October 17.
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m|Pier 10
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Callfornian. New York 3 pm Pier 23
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
October IS.
CityPuebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
October J4O.
Uarda Hamburg Way Pts
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia.. Astoria &. Portlandill am Pier 24
October ~'2. I
8. Portland Astoria & Portland! 6 pm Pier 2
October 23. • |
Siberia China & Japan I 1 pm Pier 40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Humboldt Skagway 8c Way Ports Oct. 11
Oregon Nome Oct. 12
City Topeka.. Skagway & Wa.y Ports Oct. 13
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 16
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 10
Al-KI : . . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. lo
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 20
Nome City. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way PtslOct. 22
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort- Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE: — Tha hich and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about £5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. OCTOBER 11.
Sun rises 6:14
Sun sets 5:39
Moon rises 0:29 p. in.
D Time Time Time jTimel
t Ft" Ft. j Ft. ( Ft.
• H W L W H W |L Wi
11 3:27 4.5! 8:12 2.8 2:17 5.2 0:14 O2
12 4:30 4.5|0:17 3.1 3:28 0.110:16 0.3
13 5iS6 4.0!10:.'?<; <3.1 4:20 4.0 11:24 ~0.4
14 6:30 4.7111:56 2.9 5:43 4.8... .. .....
15 0:26 0.5)7:30 4.0 1:04 2.4 fi:0D 4.8
16 1:23 ; 0.6| 8:10 5.2 2:04 1.0| 8:10 5.0
NOTE — In tho above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and tho successive tides of 'the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as ,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
D. m. Greenwich time.
J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
' chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
October 10: '
Time Ball.
To Mexico— 1 180 gals 31 cs wine, 648 lbs
salt. 1440 lbs dried fruit. 400 lbs raisins. 405
lbs sugar, 716 pkgs fre3h fruits, 6 pkgs beer,
41 pkas potatoes, 30 cs canned goods, 28 pkgs
groceries And provisions. 159 lbs ham and ba
con. 123 lbs lard 353 lbs 1 cs bread. 183 lbs
butter, 13 pigs lead, S06 lbs potash. 4 bxs
paste, 6754 lbs eoda, 50 bdls shooks, 1SS pkgs
tank material. 42 pkgs machinery. 32 pkgs
paper, 7 cs drugs. 10 carboys acid, 17 bdla
pipe. 6*94 • feet lumber. 4 colls rope, 206 pes
rails, 22 pkgs railroad material, 27 pkgs nails,
229.eS0 lbs cement. 122 crates fire bricks. 8
pkgit paints and oils.
To Central America — 1094 bbls flour, 727 *als
14 cs wine, 845 lbs meals, 3000 lbs rice, 1020
lbs lard. 6 pkgs onions. 14 pkgs fresh fruit. 10S
lbs bread. 14 cs canned goods. 539 lbs ham
and bacon. 100 lbs dried fruit, 000 lbs raisins,
673 pkgs potatoes. 48,510 lbs salt. 270 lbs
spices, o0 cs 101 gals olive oil, 145 cs whisky,
14 pkgs groceries and provisions, 4 bdls leath
er. COCO lbs cement, 20 pkgs paper, 125 cs coal
oil. 1000 fire bricks. 33 sks coke. 100 kegs
spikes 3 bdls hose. 3 cs millwork.
To Colombia— 250 bbls flour, 1128 lbs
shrimps. 3 pkgs ironware.
To New York — 77,511 gals wine, 795 cs can
ned salmon 2S80 lbs rice, G pkgs machinery,
6 pkgs dry goods, 00 bales Junk, .1 crt bicycles.
86W lbs dry hides, G.S03 pifta lead.
To Jamaica — 25 cs canned salmon.
To Germany — C cs and 15 gals wine. 2 cs
shells
To France — 100 sks and 20 bbls shells.
The steamer City of Para sailed yesterday
for Panama and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $85,979, and dis
tributed as follows: For Mexico, $9570; Cen
tral America, $12,035; Colombia $925; New
York, $61.C64; Jamaica. $100; Germany. $385;
France, $1200. The leading exports were as
follows :
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
Stolen bases— Raymond, Dillon. Lynch. Er
rors—D*Ima«, Pabst. Sacrifice hits — Shay,
Spies. First base on errors — Los Angeles 2.
First base on called balls — Oft Llndsey 2, oft
Corbett 1. Left on bases — San Francisco 4,
L03 Angeles 7. Struck out — By Llndsey 2, by
Corbett 6. Hit by pitcher — Eagar. Double
plays — Smith to Spies; Hoy to Eagar; Spies to
Toman. Time of game — 1:40. Umpire — Mc-
Donald. . .
SUMMARY.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 — 1
Base hits 0 0 0 0 12 11 0— ,'.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 1 0 10 1 0 0 1 1—5
Yesterday was a sad day for Joe Cdr
bett. He stepped into the pitcher's box
with that air of confidence which be
speaks victory ere it comes. But it never
came. After pitching ten winning games
in a row and twenty-three innings with
out allowing the opposing teams a run,
the combination was broken up. The Na
tives got to the southern star for a tally.
This won the game and put the Jinks on
Joe's proud record. Score— San Francisco
1, Los Angeles 0.
Little Llndsey, the wee southpaw,
showed once again that he has the Los
Angeles team on his staff. For the sec
ond time this week he returned them
runless. His performance yesterday was
about the .brightest thing of the game,
and would have won him a reputation on
anybody's ball field.
The lone run of the game was secured
during the progress of the sixth Inning.
Young Raymond furnished a mild sur
prise when he chopped the sphere safely
over second base. The Angels were the
roost surprised of any individuals in the
lot, for when Llndsey laid down a bunt
to second base Corbett, Spies and Dillon
all went after the ball and no one covered
the Initial bag, so the little pitcher was
safe and Raymond went to second. Shay
sacrificed and both runners moved up a
notch. Then Meany advanced to the plate
and tore off a solid one that went at a
mad rate to Dillon. The capfleraed the
ball nicely, but for a moment he hesi
tated before throwing it to the pan. This
slight hitch was fatal, for when thejball
arrived at the rubber Raymond was a
nose ahead of It, and so happened the
only run of the game.
The southern giants executed three fast
double plays and went through the game
without making an error. San Francisco
committed two- mistakes, both on hard
chances. Corbett was the only man on
the Los Angeles team to hit at all. He
banged two singles out of four chances.
In the ninth Joe came to the bat with two
out and a man on second, but he failed,
to make good and produced only a little"
pop fly to Pabst. The score:
San Francisco. ( Los Ansreles.
AB. B. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Shay.2b.. 2 0 0 .I 4 ! Hoy.cf.. 4 0 12 1
Meany.rf 4 0 0 2 0 Sples.lb 3 0 0 1" •»
J>eahy,c. 4 0 0 fi 1 Smlth.3b 3 O 1 I 4
Kruff.cf. 4 0 0 2 0 Dillon.lb 4 0 -0 1 •>
Pabst.lb. U (> 1 S 1 Oravth.rf .10 0 10
Lynch,lf. 3 0 1 1 0 Ross.lf . . 4 0 0 0 0
r>€lme.rjb 3 0 0 1 1 Toman, s. 4 0 1 1 1
Kaymd.s. 3 12 3 1 Eapar.c. .'{ 0 0 7 11
Lindsy.p a 0 1 1 2 Corbett, p 4 0 2 2 2
Totals 29 1 5 27 10' Totals 32 0 ~5 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
The bark Homeward Bound was cleared yes
terday for Antwerp, Belgium, with 71,105 ctls
barley, valued at $S5,20O. and 32,000 feet of
lumber as dunnage, valued- at $480. The bark
also carried 22,111 lbs powdered talcum, valued
at $97.
Barley for Belgium.
Crude Oil for Hawaii.
The barkentlne Fullerton was cleared yes
terday for Kihel. Hawaiian Islands with 630 -
000 gallons of crude oil in bulk, valued at
NATIVES SCORE
ONCE ANO WIN
In addition to the cargo previously reported
the British ship California, which sailed yes
terday for Liverpool, carried 1U2S cs canned
fruits, valued at $5917.
Additional Cargo.
The French bark Marruerite MIrabaud is
chartered for barley to Europe at 13s 9d:
wheat etiffenlnp, 11s 3d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping 1 Merchants.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Coal Ship Arrives.
The British ship West Lothian arrived yes
terday, seventy-two - days from Newcastle.
Australia. She brought 2475 tons of coal.
The tug Sea Lion left Seattle yesterday for
Fredericks Sound to get the disabled steam
ship Cottage City. The Cottage. City broke her
low pressure cylinder and will have to be
taken to Seattle for repairs.
To Tow Cottage City Home.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship City
of Para, Captain Porter, sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports. Captain Porter was
appointed to command the Para In place of
Captain Zeeder, who was recently dismissed
from the company's service for misconduct.
City of Para Sails.
A. Bernardino, a cigar dealer living at 503
Broadway, cut his throat yesterday morning,
but made a bungle of the attempt at suicide.
At the Harbor Hospital, where his wound was
treated. Bernardino said he had been drinking
heavily and had cut his throat because ho felt
depressed. '
Cigar Dealer Cuts His Throat.
The news of the grounding in Chesapeake
Bay of the American ship W. F. Babcock was
received with considerable Interest in San Fran
cisco, where the handsome clipper is well
known and for which port she was bound.
It was with general gratification that It was
learned later that the tugs sent to her assist
ance had succeeded in getting her afloat. The
oxtent of damage. If any, sustained by the
Babcock has not yet been ascertained.
Sabcock Afloat Again.
The contract for the construction of the new
section of the sea wall was not. awarded at
yesterday's special meeting ¦ of Ithe Harbor
Commissioners. Mayor Schmltz/was present
and expressed his willingness to award the con
tract, but the attorney of the board was In
doubt as to whether. In the absence of Governor
Pardee and Commissioner Kirkpatrick, a legal
quorum could be considered as present. Under
the circumstances it was deemed advisable to
take another postponement until Wednesday,
at 2:30 o. in.
Contract Not Yet Awarded.
present position until taken away
In pieces. The loss of the Glfford once
more calls attention to the fact that the
North Pacific Coast of America is entirely
lacking- in adequate equipment for wreck
ing large vessels. The more progressive
of the local underwriters have tried re
peatedly to organize a company for this
purpose, provided with gear such as Is
used by the big wreckers on the Atlantic
Coast and at European shipping centers.
A large sum of money would be required
to acquire or construct the necessary ap
pliances, but although about 40 per cent
of the local underwriting firms have
promised liberal financial support, the
apathy of the remaining 60 per cent has
been such that the burden on the willing
ones would have been out of all reason
able proportion. Had there been a prop
erly equipped wrecking outfit at this port,
operated by men of experience. It is the
opinion of experts that the GifTord would
have been floated within a day or two
after she stranded. The loss on the Gif
ford represents a sum which would have
gone far toward providing an up-to-date
outfit and it is thought that the lesson
may result in the early establishment of
a salvage plant, which would find plenty
of occupation between this port, coast
points and Puget Sound.
THE British ship Glfford, wrecked
two -weeks ago near Mussel rock,
has been practically, abandoned
and •will not be moved from. her
Saturday, October 10.
Stmr, Columbia. Dora h,'. Astoria.
Stmr City of Para, Porter, Panama, etc.
Saturday, October 10.
Stmr City of Para, Porter, Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mall Steamship Co.
Stmr Corona, Johnson. Kureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co. .
• Bark Homeward Bound,- Thompson, Ant
werp; G W McNear.
Bktn Fullerton, Brigman, Klhei; Union Oil
Company.
CLEARED.
Saturday, October 10.
US «tmr Sheridan, Peabody, 25 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 17 days.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, 12 hours from Not
leys Landing.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts, 69 hours from New
port. . .- - -
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. 40 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson. 23 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Navarro, Weber, 49 hours from Eu
reka; up river direct.
Stmr I Newsboy, Adler, 42 hours from Re
dondo. • - ' '
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, 105 hours
from Olympla, via Seattle 10O hours; bound
for Redondo; put in to land passengers.
Stmr MarshfleJd, Dettmers, 44 hours 'from
San Pedro.
Br ship West Lothian. Davles, 72 days from
Newcastle, Australia.
Br ship TInto Hill, Jones, 70 days from
Newcastle, Australia.
Fr bark Jane .Gulllon, LeDevelt. 165 days
from Antwerp, via Dunkirk 161 days.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
OREGON CITY. Or.. Oct. 10.— Oliver Mar
shall/ the insane convict who escaped from the
asylum at Salem yesterday with 'four compan
ions, was captured here last night by Night
Officer' Shaw.- • - • - ¦ ¦ • - - • • - \- . ' •.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Mesaba,
for London: stmr Patricia, for Hambure, via
Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Etruria, for
Liverpool; stmr Finland, for Antwerp; stmr
Hohtnzollern, for Genoa and Naples; stmr
Kaiserin Maria Theresa, for Bremen, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg; «mr Anchorla, , for
Glasgow: stmr Pretoria. ' for Bermuda.
Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr Celtic, from Liver
pool.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Ara
bic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Cymric, from Liverpool,
for New York.
BOULOGNE — Sailed . Oct . 10— Stmr Rhyn
dani, for New York.
HAVRE — Sailed Oct 10— Stmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct 10- -Stmr Moltke,
from New York, via Plymouth, for Hamburg,
and proceeded.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Noor
dam, from New York. . ;
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr ! Ryndam, for New
York. •¦
ANTWERP— Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr . Kroon
land, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr St
Louis, for New. York, via Cherbourg.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Umbria,
for New York- ¦
Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr New England, from
Boston; stmr Victorian, from New York; stmr
Lucanla, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived Oct 0— Br stmr
Robert Adamson. from Seattle.
CALLAO— Arrived Sept 27— Br ship Conway,
from Port Blakeley.
STANLEY— Sailed Sept 20— Br shin Austra
sta. for^Puget Sound.'
TSINGTAL' — Sailed Oct 1 — Ger stmr Alster
nlxe, for Victoria.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Sept 22— Ger ship
D H Watjen, . from Sunderland.
MANILA — Arrived Oct 8— Br stmr Lowther
Castle, from New York.
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct 9 — Schr Mary E
Foster, from Port : Blakeley. Oct 10 — Br stmr
Iris, . from Vancouver.
• Sailed Oct 0 — U S «tmr Sherman, for Ma
nila; Nor bark Sigurd, for Port Townsend;
schr Algoa, for Hllo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
GRAYS " HARBOR — Sailed Oct : 10— Schr
Halcyon, for San Francisco: »chr A J West,
for Santa Rosalia: schr Nokomls, for San
Pedro; schr Jennie Stella, for San Francisco;
stmr Coronado, for San Francisco; stmr Se
quoia, for Redondo.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Signal,
from Coos Bay. for Saa Francisco.
. Sailed Oct • 10 — Stmra Francis H j Leggett,
Redondo, Arctic, Pomona and Iaqua, for San
Francisco; schr Emma Claudlna, for San
Francisco: stmr Fulton, for San Pedro.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 9— Schr David
Evans, hence Sept 22.
Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Humboldt, from Skag
way; stmr Robert Dollar, hence Oct 6; Br stmr
Deucalion, from Victoria. Oct 0 — Ger stmr
Eva, from Portland. Or.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Oct 10 — Br bark
Brunei, from Port Townsend.
BANDON— Sailed Oct 10 — Schrs Albion and
Gem, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 10— Br stmr Nlny
Chow, for Yokohama.
EVERETT— Sailed Oct 10 — Ger stmr Uarda,
for San Francisco.
8AN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr San
Gabriel, from Eureka; «tmr Westport, from
Port Los Angeles; schr Azalea, from Redondo;
schr Stlmson, from Ballard.
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Westport, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 10 — Ger atmr Uarda.
for San Francisco: stmr Centennial, for San
Francisco. ¦ . •
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Despatch,
hence Oct 6; stmr Aberdeen, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco; bktn John C Meyer, for San Pedro.
FARALLON ISLANDS — Passed Oct 10.
9:20 a m — Fr bark Jane Gulllon, from Ant
werp, ' for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed Oct 10— Schr Azalea, for
San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed in Oct 10— Schr Mildred,
hence Sent 27, for Whatcom: Nor stmr Hero,
hence Oct 7. for Ladysmlth; stmr Umatilla,
hence Oct 8, for Victoria, B C.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 10— Schr Dora
Bluhm, from San Pedro: schr Esther Buhne,
from San j Diego; schr Ida McKay, f6r San
Francisco.
Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 10, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind calml. —
DOMESTIC PORTS. i !
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per U S stmr Sheridan — Outside, bound in,
Br ship Acaols, from Newcastle, NSW.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Br ship West Lothian— Oct 0, Iat 37 24
N. Ion 125 39 W, Br ship Dovenby, from
Olympla, for Cailao.
Stmr Coronl. Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Wlnkel, Greenwood.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badser, Ventura.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, Redondo.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, Mendoclno.
Stmr National City. Hammar, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newsboy, Adler. Eureka.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka.
Br shin Nivelle, McMillan, Chemalnu* and
Cape Town.
Br ship California, Doty, Liverpool.
'Fr bark Emma Laurans, David. Queenstown.
Schr Gamble, Knudaen, Port Gamble.
SPOKEN.
Pacing— Prince Alert, b. r (Demarest).
Quarter, :3OV4: half, 1:00; three-quarters,
l:20K; mile. 1:59%.
2:10 trot, amateur, wagon race — Queen
Wllkes won two straight heats In 2:15. Wau.
ban and Louise Jefferson also started.
exhibition mile to wagon, trotting — Major
Delmar, b. g (E. E. Smathers). Quarter.
:31; half. 1:01; three-quarters. 1:31; mile,
2:03?i.
Lou Dillon, br. m (S. K. G. Billings). Quar
ter :31; half, 1:01; three-quarters, 1:30%;
mile. 2:01%. • ¦
He was not started against his own
world's record of 1:57. He was also ac
companied by runners. He went the first
quarter in :30m, but clipped off a quarter
at the half-mile pole, reaching it in 1
minute flat. Half a second was clipped
off at the three-quarters pole, which he
reached in 1:29V*. He went under the wire
in l:S9Va.
Lou Dillon then trotted out on the track
harnessed to a wagon. A thoroughbred
In front broke the wind and another be
hind her spurred her on.
She reached the quarter .in 31 seconds
and the half in 1:01. At the three-quar
ters pole, however, she slipped a quarter
second off Major Delmar's time, for she
reached It in 1:30%. The crowd went wild
when the figures went up in front of the
timer's stand. Down the stretch she came
with masmirtcent stride and it appeared
to the onlookers that she would overstep
her running mate In front of her. Dr.
Tanner, who was driving the runner in
front, took the pole and the three horses
went under the wire together in 2:01%.
Summary:
2:06 pace, purse $1500 — Terrace Queen won
the second, third and fourth heat* in 2:0S%.
2:10, 2:09%. Cubaaola won the first heat in
2:0S. Trilby Dlrecf. Rlley B, Sphlux S, Clip
per and Allerton also started.
2:24 trot, purse $2000 — Jay McGregor defeat
ed Patchen Mold In three straight heats. Time.
2:11%. 2:11U. 2:11.
2:15 pace, purse $1000— John M won two
straight heats in 2:10, 2:11. Or. Marvin. Ra
venna Wllkes. Conroy. Daphne Direct. Cred
ette, Vyzols and Go Direct also started.
2:21 trot, purse $1500 — McKinley won two
straight heats in 2:00»4. 2:O8!4. Dr. Strong.
Belle Kuser. Mary I>. Dorothy Redmond, Jim
Underwood. Dodie K, Palm Leaf and Fan
faron also started.
Major Delmar was the first of the spe
cial performers on the track. He was
accompanied by two runners, driven by
Spears and McDonald. Spears was driv
ing: a thoroughbred to break the wind and
McDonald was driving slightly to the
rear of Major Delmar. ; The trotter had
the pole. 'He reached the quarter in 31
seconds and the half-mile pole in 1:OL
He made the third quarter In 1:31, but
lost ground in the home stretch and went
under the wire in 2:03%. He had trotted
a half mile, consisting of the second and
third quarters, in one minute flat, but the
wind slackened his time in the first quar
ter and in the stretch, striking him at
right angles.
Prince Alert then came upon the field
to make an attempt at breaking the pac
ing record of 1:53 held by Dan Patch.
LEXINGTON*. Ky., Oct. lO.-The world's
trotting: record to wagon was twice
smashed this afternoon, once by Lou Dil
lon and once by Major Delmn r. and de
spite tha strong and biting west wind
Prince Alert (1:57) came within two and
a half seconds of equaling the world's
pacing: record, held by himself. The trot
ting record, exhibition mile to wagon,
was held until to-day by Lou Dillon, who
trotted the mile In 2:04Vi at the Cleveland
track. Major Delmar, with his owner, E.
E. Smathers, driving, reduced this to-day
to 2:03%.
•For* five minutes Smathers' gelding held
ttA world's trotting record.' Lou Dillon,
as 'if Jealous of the record which she had
Just' lost, appeared upon the field and,
driven by her. owner, C. K. G. Billings,
reduced Major Delmar "s record to 2:01?i.
The world's trotting race record to a
wagon was held by The Abbot and la
2:04*4, made on the Hartford track, and
is one-quarter second slower than thie
former exhibition record of Lou Dillon.
The track Itself was lightning fast to-day,
but conservative horsemen declared that
the wind made it at least three seconds
slow. ¦ - -
Lou Dillon Goes Exhi
bition Mile to Wagon
in 2:01 3-4.
TROTTING QUEEN
BREAKS RECORD
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11. 1903.
Inability to Move Vessel Into Deep Water With Available Appli
ances Again Calls Attention to the Fact That on This
Coast There Is Not a Properly Equipped Salvage Outfit
ESTABLISHMENT OF WRECKING PLANT
MAY RESULT FROM LOSS OF GIFFORD
43
dence. 214 Seventh avenue, near Clement
etreet. Interment Holy Croes Cemetery, by
carriage.
CHARLIER— In this city. October 0. 1003.
- Carl Cbsxller of Crockett. Cal.. a native of
Germany, aged 24 years. (German paper*
pl«as« copy.)
C7Reniaiii! at tho parlors of Carew ts.
Kngllbh. 29 Van Nee* avenue.
COTLE— In this city. October 10. 1003. Brid-
get, beloved wife of Thomas Coyle, and
mother of James Joseph, Thomas Peter. John
Phillip tnd Ella Mildred Coyle. a native of
County Leitrlm. Ireland, aged 53 years.
DESMOND — In th!a city. October 10. 1903.
William Dfsmond, husband of the late Mar-
gjiret r>reroond. end father of John and tbe
late Wllliaai and Daniel Desmond, a na-
tive cf Klr.sale, County Cork, Ireland, aged
CS years.
CfjrKricr.d* and acquaintances are retpect-
fuiiy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street.
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem hlch mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf hi? eoul et 9 o'clock. Interment '
Holy Crocs Cemetery.
FASfLER— In this cfty. October 8. 1903. 6c
phie. bt loved wife of Joseph Faseler. mother
of Sophie. Edith. Anita and Emily Fassler.
daughter cf Mrs. Catherine Schumann, and
Ulster of Bertha Dettlinc. a. native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years 9 months and 2S
Cn'.'f-
£>Trier.d8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
• ictcber 11. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
rtence, :..'> Niagara, street. In rear of I>2."J0
Miesica «tre*t. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
FELLOWS — In Oakland. October 10, 1903, Mrs.
Trances A. Fellows, widow of the late E.
C. FcIIcws. mother cf Nellie O. Fellows and
Mrs. Kate S. Adams, and grandmother
France* E. Dlxon. a native of New York.
(Syracuse. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
CT Friends enC acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tb« tuners! services
to-mcrrcw (Monday), et 2 o'clock, at her
late reslder.ee, j»40 Myrtle street. Oakland.
Interment etrtctly private. Kindly omit
flowers.
FISHER— In this city. October 5. 190X Thomas
W., dearly beloved husband of Ethel Fteher.
a native of Washington, D. C. aged 42
J'«-ar«. tWashinglon. D. C. papers please
copy.)
C7"Frier.<!t and acquaintances are respect-
fully nctlfied that the funeral takes place
f Sunday. October 11. 11(03. at 12:30 o'clock,
from the rarlors of Valer.te. Marlr.l & Co..
1C24 Stockton street, thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall. Market and Seventh streets, where at
1 :S0 o'clock eei-viccs mrtSt l>e held under th«
auspices of Morse Lodge No. 257, thence to
Laurel Hill Cemetery for interment.
HENION— In Arcata, Humboldt County, Cal..
September 25, 190.S. Ernest Dennlston Hen-
ion, a native of Niles, Alameda County, aged
<1 years 6 months and 12 days.
HIGGINS— In this city. October 10. l»03. Wil-
liam J., dearly be loved husband cf Lizzie
Higgina. and lovir.g father of Isabelle and
WilM* Higrins. a native cf San Francisco.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
«.f his father-in-law. T. P. Riordan, 1415
Post street, thtnee to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the rer>ose of his soul at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
HOWE— In the City and County Hospital.
Oetcber 10, 1003. Edw. T. Howe, a native of
Calilcrnia. aced 4'J years.
JOHNSON— In this city. October 9. 1903. Al-
fred, beloved husband of Emma Johnson.
father of Alfred. Axel. Ebenerer and the late
Carl Johnson, and brother of Charles John-
— «on. a native cf Wcrmland. Sweden, aged
t3 years 10 months and 10 days. A member
of Scandinavian Society and Swedish Society
of Ean Francisco.
CFrieuds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day «Sun-
<lay). at 2 o'clock, at his lat« residence, 70J
Fourteenth street, near Sanchez. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriages.
MEMBERS of the Swedish Society are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member. Alfred Johnson, from his late resi-
dence, 7C9 Fourteenth etreet. Sunday, Oc-
tober 11. at 2 o'clock.
ALEX. OLESON. President.
ALF. LUNDQUIST, Secretary.
MEMBERS cf Laundry Wagon Drivers' Union.
Local 250— You are hereby notified to as-
semble at 1:30 o'clock at 7(53 Fourteenth
Ftreft to attend the funeral of our deceased
brother. Airred Johnson.
JORDAN — Dennis Jordan, dearly beloved hus-
l>anJ of Mary Jordan, a native of Jonesboro,
Courjty Armagh, Ireland. ag*d 7U years.
K.MOHIN — In this - city, October H. 1903,
Charles J. Kaiphin, beloved husband of Mat-
tie A. Kalghin, and father cf Gladys
KalKhin, a native cf Salt Lake City, aged 4S
years 5 tn-Bti! and 24 daye.
C^Friendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2:0u o'clock, from his late residence, l.V>d
Fell street, corner of Central avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57. I. O. O. F. —
Members are requested to attend the funeral
of cur late patriexch. C. J. Kaijrhln, from
hie late residence. 158S Fell street, to-day
(Sunday), at 2:^0 o'clock.
R. B. DOW.VIE. Acting C. P.
KANE— In this city. October 10. 1W3. Nellie,
beloved, daughter of Cornelius and 'Catherine
Kane, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 10 days.
KIRCHNER— At his residence, 182 Hawthorne
street. October 9. 1903, Henry G., dearly be-
loved son of Mrs. M. Kirchner and the late
lienry G. Kirchner, and beloved brother of
Minnie R., George W.. Ida L. and J. TV.
Kirchner, a native cf San Francisco, aged
23 years 8 months and 1*> days. A member
of Momeiuma Tribe No. 77, Impd. O. R. M.
C^Frierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sonday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
rteiUenoe, 1R2 Hawthorne street, between
Second and Third, FolEom and Harrison, and
thence by carriages to Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery for Interment.
KRUGER— In this city, October 8, 1903, Min-
nie Kruger, dearly beloved wife of H. Wil-
liam Kruger. mother ' of Henry Kruger,
cleughter of Mrs. Lena Zahn. and sister of
Charles Zahn. a. native of Merced, aged 20
years t> months and 6 days.
C7Frieiids and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun»ral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 :.10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1515 Eighth avenue south. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LEVT — In this city. October 10, J903, Jacob
Levy, beloved *on of Rocla and the late
Isaac Levy, and brother of Lemma Her-
mann, Meyer and Ray Levy and Mrs. Hana
Berenson. a native of England, aged 37
years 6 months and 23 days.
JJcCOOET— In this city, October 10. 1903.
Janus McCooey. beloved brother of. Owen
and the laie Arthur McCooey and Mrs. eu-
ean Bassignano. and uncle of James, Thomas
and Patrick Comlsky. a native of County
Monach&n, Irel&nd. aged i 1 , years and 5
day*.
C7Rtm»in« at the parlors of McGinn
Bros.. 224-22G McAllister street.
ilcMARTIN— In this city. October 7. 1903, Kd-
werd H., beloved husband cf Sarah P. Mc-
Martin, and father cf Edward F.. Alfonso
F. and Clifford McMartin, a native of Buf-
talo, N. Y-. aped 66 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at II o'clock, from the funeral
i ..riors of the H. F. Maaas Company. 317
Mission street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
MEAD— In this city. October 0. 1903. James
W. Mead. late of lone, beloved husband of
Dollie ilead. and father of Julia. Arthur.
Eva. James and Raymond Mead, a native of
England, aged 41 years 3 months and IS
C*ye.
§C7Frie!ics and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the ]>arlors of
Jan:-f McManus, Seventh and Castro streets,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
MILLER— In this city. October 8. 1903. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of J. A. Miller, a native
of England.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from the family
residence, 121 Clicper street, thence to tit.
Stephen's Church. Fulton street, between
Webster and rillmore. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MOORE->-In this city. October 9. 1303, Wil-
liam Moore, beloved husband of the late
Hlizabeth J. Moore, and father of William
J. Moore, aged Cl years.
C^TFrleiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, from the Church of the Advent.
¦ Eleventh street, bttween Market and Mib-
. tlon. Interment private.
O'DAY— In this city. October 10, 1903, Blanche
M. O'Day. beloved sister of IJ. J. and H. J.
O'lJay, Mre. A. Jensen and Mrs. J. Marlow.
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
CFrienOs and acquaintances are respect-
§ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at «:.'» o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf her cousin. Mrs. J. K. Cleary. 753
O'KarrcJi street, thence to St. Patrick'*
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
iSuccebsors to Flannagan & Callagher.>
Daniel p. donovan. mst.
ruNEriAL ijiuectors aStd embalm-Ehs.
»U Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. !
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers -
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
' « Now at *»** MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Ee i*«* n Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth =t-
Fincit Equipments at Moderate Rates.
'™"f£Ska MCGINN & U COT HalUea - I
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
ru ** r ,»> DlrectorB and Embalmers
214 Eddy st.; Tel. South 570.
F. J. Monalian. President.
MONAH AN & CO.,
will be celebrated for the repose of her «oul.
• commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment HOiy
Croes Cemetery-
OWENS— Killed by Chicago end Northwestern
Express, In St. Paul, Minn.. September 25,
1903. John M. Owen*, beloved brother cf Ed-
ward. J. V., F. J. and Ellen Owens, a na-
tive of Ireland.
PALMER— In Oakland. October 10. 1903, Mar-
vin S. Palmer, a. native of Maa»achu»etts.
aged 82 years and 5 months.
PARKER— In this city, October 9, l»03. Milan
Parker, a native of New Hampshire, aged <s
years.
QUAST— In this city. October 10. 1903. Johann
Quaet. beloved brother of Mre. P. Duecker.
Mrs. John II. EchlesBelman so>d Johannes
Quast, a native of Hamburg. Germany, aged
C7 years 11 months and 16 days.
¦ C7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 159 Parker avenue, off Point Lobos
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
RECK— In this city. October 10. 1903. <*e or 8e
D. II. Reck, beloved father of George Reck,
beloved son of George F. Reck and the late
Margaret Reck, and brother of the late B.
W. Reck, a native of San FrancUco. aged
83 years 1 month and 9 days. Member of
Eureka Lodge No. 9, K. of P.. and McKinley
Grove No. 132. U. A. O. D.
(CTXotlce of fun«ral hereafter.
RHEIN— In Berkeley. October 9. 1903. Dorothy,
beloved daughter of Charles J. and Cath-
erine Rheln. and sister of Grace Rheln, a
native of Sacramento, aged 6 years 8 months
and 7 days. (Sacramento, Auburn and Col-
rax capers please copy.)
(E7"Interment private.
RICHET — In Alameda. October 8. 1903. Eu-
freae Charlemagne Richet. b*loved son of
\ P. Richet. stepson of Sarah Richet. also
Eterbrottur of Thcmas and Matilda Richet. a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years U
months and 2 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, October 11. l»03. at 1 o'clock, at
his late residence, 2S48 Central avenue,
which will be under the auspices of Oakland
Aerie No. 7, F. O. E.. of which he was a
member- also ex-volunteer of Spanish-Ameri-
can war. Battery H. Third Artillery. E.ghth
Army Corps. Incineration at Oakland Cre-
matory.
SCHMITZER— In this city. October 12, 1903.
Sophie J. Schrr.itzer. beloved daughter of
Ferdinand and Emma Schmitier, and sister
cf Willie, Freddie and Egan Schmitier. a
native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 18 years 8
months and S days.
EEAHIUGHT— In this citv, October 10, 1903.
William, beloved hu«band of Alice. Sea-
briffht. and father of Willie and Alice Sea-
briffht, a native of England, aged 60 years.
C^yNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
EHEPSTON— In Alameda, September 10, 1303.
Itcsie fchepston, dearly beloved daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. B. Shepeton, a native of Ala-
meda. aged 2 years.
SMYTH— In this city. October 10, 1903, George
P., beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. John Smyth,
and brother of John. Walter, "William and
Margaret Smyth and Mrs. James Geary, a
native of Oakland, Cal.. aged 33 years 3
months and 0 days.
JCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday)* at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1002 Eddy street, corner of Franklin,
thence to St. Man'" Cathedral, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. luterment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland, ty 11 o'clock creek boat.
SMYTH— At his residence. 40SH Thirteenth
etrret. October 10, 1903, Robert Smyth, dear-
ly beloved husband of Margaret Smyth, and
father of Robert Atsheton and Elizabeth A.
Smyth, a native of Inch. County Cork, Ire-
land, aced SO years.
C7"Interrr.ent private. Please omit flowers.
STECHER — In this city. October 7. 1303, Otto,
dearly beloved son of Elenore and the late
I'hllifP Stecher, brother of Fred J. and the
late Edward Stecher, and nephew of Mrs.
A. E. Weber of San Jose, a native of San
Francisco, aged 55 years C months and 10
days. A member of Gesellschaft Teutonia;
Schiller Stamm No. 278. U. O. R. M. ;
Knight? of tne Royal Arch. San Francisco
Lodge No. 2: Friend* of Golden Gate Verein.
and Bartenders' League, Local No. 41.
r^TTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
October 11. l»03, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
residence of his mother. 317 Minna street,
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
TOTE— At sea. September 7. 1903. Captain
John Toye, commanding ship Alerton. a na-
tive of Nova Scotia, aged 60 years. (Boston
and Nova Scotia papers please copy.)
VAN CROMBRUGGHE— In thi* city. October
10, 1003, Mary Van Crombrugghe, beloved
mother of George and James Van Crom-
bruRghe and Mrs. James Brlns, a native- of
New York, aged 46 years.
WILLIAMS — In this city. October 10. 1903,
Chauncey Burr, beloved husband of Dide M.
Williams, father of Mrs. R. H. Woods, and
F W . L. C. and Clara L. Williams, and
brother of Mrs. J. W. Cory, a native of
Ohio, aged 76 years 6 months and 12 days.
IT^rFrieiids are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 11 o'clock, at his late residence.
u24 Church street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers. ____^_____^__^^_^_
ffAjT ajBKg^BBMBByB^^BMH^Way s^JjMBs»lg^W^M^^Bi
SAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leare and ir* duo to arrl vo at
s.U FRANCISCO.
(Msln Lme, Foot of Market Street)
L»AT« — FaOK OCTOBXa U. 1*03. ¦ — ilBTI
7-00.4. BenlciA, Sultan. Elmlr* »nd S«cr«r
inento 7.23?
7 00a V«cmTi:ie, 'Winier*. IiumieT. ...... 7.2Sr
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon. Vailejo.
Kapa. t'ftl'.itoe*. Santa Kosa f.2Sr
730a Nlles. Llreroore, Ltthrop. Stock*
ton .25?
8.00a Dsrls.'Woodland.KnlditsLkndlBS.
lUryrrllle. OrovlUa 74Sr
8.00a Atlantic Express — Ogdensnd Kaat. 10»Z&a>
8 00a. Port Coata. Martinez. Antloco. By-
ron.Tricy.Stoc'nton.Sacnmento,
Los Banos. Mendota, Uasford,
Vlsaila. Forterrlllo 4.23T
BXOa Fort Cotta. Martinez, Tracy, Lath-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Gotaen Junction, Hanford, Vlr
Mlla. TU*er«aeld B.ZSr
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). WlUowm,
?Frato. Ued Blaff. Portland 7-S5r
8-30 a yiltB, San Jose, LlTermore, Stock-
toQ.lone,Saermmento,Pl!tcerTnie,
MarriTtiie. Cblco. Ked BIa2 4 25r
8.30a Oakdale. Cbraeie. Jamestown. So-
nors, Tuoiamne aad Annels ..... 4 25r
9. C0» Martinez and Way Stations 6.55p
10.00* Vailejo- 12.2Sr
10.00a El Paso Passenger. Eastbonnd.—
Port Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lstbrop, Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Haa-
ford. VUtlli. Bskenfleld, Lo«
Angeles and El Pato. (West-
bound arrives Tla Coast Line). .. «1-30>
1000a Tbe Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. S-2Sr
i 1200m Hay ward. Nllea and Way Stations. 3.25*
I 11.00P Sacrsraento River Steamers tH.OOr
3-30r Benlcls. Wlnten. Sacramento.
. Woodland. Knights Landing-.
MarysrlUe, OroTlllo »nd way
stations 1 9??*
3.30f Tlayward. Sties and Way Stations.. 7-55?
4.00F Martinex,8anlUmon.ValIeJo,Sapa,
Callstogm. 3»a t» Rout. B-2S A
4.00P Marlines. Traey.Latarop.Slockton. 10.25a
4 OQr Nllea, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25r
4.30* Haywsrd. Niles. Irrlngton, San » t8.55A
Joie. LlTermore * ill. 55a
6 00> The Owl Limited— Freino, Tultre,
BalcersOeld. Los Angeles 855a
B.OOr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton. Los
Bano. 12.25*
t530r Hayward. Nllea and San Joae 7. 25a
6.00r Hayward. iTIles and Saa Jose 10 25a
6C0p Oriental MaU— Orden. Denver.
Omah*. St. Louts. Chicago sad
E»st. Port Costa, Benlcla. Sal-
•an, Elmlrs, DstIs, Sacramento. -
line kiln. Auburn. Col fax.
¦ Truckee. Boca. Keno, Wadv
worth, Wlnaemucca. Battls
Mountain. Elko 4.25F
B.ODp Vailejo, dally, except Sunday — » 7 53 _.
7.00y Vtllejo. Sunday only f
7.00* B»a Pablo, Pon Coita. Martlaes ' „.
and Way Station! 1125a
8.051" Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle. Reading. J
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55.4.
t-10r Hayward, Mies and Saa Jose (Sun-
day only > 11.55a
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, LaUirop. Mo-
deito. Merced, Raymond (to Yo-
aemlte). Fresno, llanford, VI-
talla. BatenHeld 122SP,
COAST LINE (Sarrow Uaage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.45a bants Cru Excursion <Sunday
only) 8.10*
8.15a Newark. CenterTllle. 8an Jose,
Felton. Boalaer Creek. SanU
Crns and Way Stations. 6 25?
t2.15r Newark, CenterTllle, San Joae,
New Almaden, Los GatocFeltoa.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 1055a
4-ISjp Newark. San Jose. Los Oatos and
way station* (on Saturday and
Sunday ruas through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Crux). Connects at Felton to
andfrom BoulderCreek t8.55*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN HCA> CISCO, * out of Market St. (31!p *>
—ft: 15 S:0O 11:00 a JC 1.00 3-00 5.15 FM.
From OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — «:0O J3:00
13:03 10:t:iu a.m. 12 00 200 400 pm.
COAST LINE <UroaJ «i*«ite).
IW~ (Third and Tmrnscnd 8treett.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations 1-307
1700a San Jose and Way Stations 6.3&P
; 7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excor*
slon (Sunday only) 8.301*
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frid.. only), 4.10r
8 00 a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Bol-
lister), Pajaro. CastroTllIe, Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Boblea,
Santa Margarita. San Lola Oblspo,
Guadalupe. Surf (connection for
LouipoG). Santa Barbara, Saugaa
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Castrovllle to and from Monterey
andPadnc Grove 10.48*
9.00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
SantaCruz,Pac!ucGroTe,Sal!naa,
San Lula Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations.... .... 1-20F
11- 00a Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
Franclaco, San Bruno I.Cai"
11 -30-*. Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7 30p
o1.30p San Jose end Way Station* x7C0*
2-COr San Jose and Way Stations 13 40a
2. 30r Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 4.33*
tS.COr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Joie. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gange Points) 11245*
3.20? Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Harl!nirame.?an Mateo.Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, May field.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. Saa Joae, iGl'.roy. HolUa-
ter. Tres Plnos). Pajaro, Wawon-
Tllle. Capltola, Santa Cruz. Cas-
trovllle. Salinas 10 45*.
4 ZOr San Joie and Way Station! 848a
b-COr baa Jose. (t!« Santa Clara) Lo*
Oatos. Wright and Principal Way
Station* (except Sunday) 9. 00 A
S5-30r San Jose and Principal Way SWtlons ta.OOA
18.1&r ban Mateo, Beresford.Belmonc.Saa
Carlos. Hedwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 19.45?
6.30i" San Jo»e and Way Stations 6-3Sa
7-C0r SuEjet Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, Dtinln?. £1 Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrives via 9«n JoaqutaValley)... ir825 1
S.OOrPaloAlto and Way Stations 10-15a
II. 30r South San Francisco. MUIbrae,'
Burllnirame, Saa Mateo, Bel-
mont. Ban Carlos, Redwood, *aj».
Fair Oaks, Menlo Park. Palo • 12'iif
Alto, Mayfleld, Mountain View. «»«a*
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Jose J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. ? Sunday only.
I Stop* at all station* on Sunday.
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. tr Tla San Joaqutn Valley.
tV Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sontaboand
areS:10A.M..t7:00A.M..n:&OA.x..2:.»r.il. sad 5:30 r.n.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPACT.
Tiboroa rerry, root or Maxkrt Street,
SAN FSAHCXSCO TO SAJT RAFAEL.
¦WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. «:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra, trip
at 11:30 d. m. ¦
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1 :SO and 1 U30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; lTSO, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN SAFAEIi TO SAN 7BANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. »:2O, U.li
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :CO. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; l:4O. 3:40.
4:55. 5: Co. 6:25 p. m. - '
Leave I Ia Effect I Arrlv*
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Franclaco.
¦Weelc I Sen- I Deatlna- 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a I 9:10 a 8:40*
9:30 a Ignac!(X 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p '. I 6:05 p «:20i>
5:10 p 5:00 p . |7:35p
7:30a 9:10a 8:40 a
8 :00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a - Petaluma 6:05 p Q.ZOp
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p - Santa Rosa. '
7:30 a ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:0Oa Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p -
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg, 10:40 a 10:20 a
• Lytton, • •
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:33 p 6:20 3
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!10:20 *
3:30 a] 3:50 p I and Uklah. |'7:S5p| 6:20 p
7:30a! 8:Q0a[ WUUt«. |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( Cuerneville. | 7:35 pt 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:COa| Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:4O*
5:10 p| B:COp| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7;30a|8:0Oa| • 110:40 a!10:20 a
Si30p|3:3Op[ Sebastopol. | 7:35 pf 8:20 p
STAGES connect' at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
serville for Skag-gs Springs; at Cloverdala for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
KefseyvlUe. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay.. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah tor Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierly**.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HuUvllle. Orr"*
Hot- Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags.
Westport.- Usal: at Willlts for Fort Brastf.
Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covello. Layton-
vtlle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
aen's. Drer. Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
Saturday to Monday ronnd-trlp tickets at r«-
U On s'unda'y— Ronnd-trlp ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chnmlcl*
bU IL C S 'WH1TIXO. . B. XSTU
Gen. Manager. Gen. Tza*. XgU ;
BATLWAY TSAVEL.
f CALIFORNIA . |
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO I)
8 Leaves Mondays and Thursdays ¦
3 at 8:30 a. m., through In 8 days, t
H with dinar and al! trappings. B
Other Santa Fe Trains :
7:30 m. m. ) fof Stockton, Fresno, Bakersfield*
IftX **«*{" Merced, Hanford and VUalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kxasaa City, Grand Canyon and
Caicaffo.
Txckkt Offxcv: 641 Market St., and Terry
Depot. . S. r. Alto 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
¦TO SAN RAFAEL,
san que:jtin,
mill valley,
cazadero, etc.
via Sausalito Perry.
WEEK DATS^-(Holldays excepted) — 6:45.
t*7:15 8:45 9:43 11 a. m., 12:20, »1:43. 3:15,
4:15, '|5:15 *U:15, 6:45, 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does tct run to
U SUNDA« AND jLEGAL. HOL1DATS— 7.
*S. t*0. 1*10. 11. tH -30 a. m.. tl2:30. t*l:30,
2:25, "2:60 6. «. 7:30. 8, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays tho 3:15 p. m. trala
runs to Fairfax. -
FROM SAN KAFAEI> TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25, $6:25. 7:40, 8:13, $9:33.
11:05 a. m., 12:30. 2:20. J3:45, 4:50. 8:30. 6:45,
•10:20 p m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. tS:10. 0:4G. J10:55.
tll:45 a. m., 12:So. 2:30, J3:25. 4:40. J5:30.
«:53. 7:33. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t) start from San Quentln.
- FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week, days— fl:45. C:40, 7:45. 8:25.
9:45 11:10 a. m., 12:40, 2:45, 4:15, 5:10, 7:05,
10:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m., 12:03.
1:05. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10, 10:40 p. m-
THROUGH TRAINS. .;
7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. xn., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reves and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st
FERRY — Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Ik Snalito tntj Arrive
• 3— Fran. K<«tagk«ta, Saa Fran, t
Week """-- "•- WB ' " Soo> W«E"
Day- days Mf^mmk. d^r* Day,
»-.*ttA 8i00a KS*tgfage&M| I4:oo» S7TSI
l:46r 9:OOa \n»9S%f 13:&Or3:3Or
ftlftrlO:OOA W&refiy 3:30p 3:M>r
, „ i:3o? ysSw a-*.*-
I *:33fJ »*<*»»
fcfarssyt to\j, u»n Txrtni 9i 3Or.urmir ll:3Or
tlOMT j 55 Miim ST. (North Shore Railroad)
OmCB J aad Saosauto Fuiy, Foot Maxfeat SuOct. 10— The »ntp TT, F
Babcock. Captain Moxson. bound from Balti
more to San Kranclsco. coal laden, which went
ashore in the Chesapeake Bay. near the mouth
°L t j le J PaUpsco Rlvfr - yesterday was pulled
.. An entertainment ; is -to.be given in the
old Mission Dolores on t Monday, October
13,. under the auspices of the Young La
dles Sodality. The Columbia Minstrels
will perform; .
To Give Entertainment.
.The St. Andrew's Society will hold an
open meeting In Scottish Hall to-morrow
night. All ' people in this city from the
•."land.o* cakes" are invited to be present.
Heather Just received from Scotland will
be" distributed" anaong'the "audience.
WilV Distribute Heather.
The entertainment presented each Sun
day night by Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall has the
charm of • being at . once Instructive
etartlmg and amusing. After his lectures
upon psychic subjects the brilliant scien
tist makes demonstrations <, of the prin
ciples he teaches in a way which capti
vates his large audiences. His lecture
to-night will be upon "The Destructive
Power of Thought." ,,
Mclvor-Tyndall Pleases.
The ladies of Sacred Heart parish have
completed arrangements for their annual
reunion which will occur on the evening
of October 20. The programme will be
elaborate. The band music, will , be fur
nished by twenty < professionals and the
menu will be the best the ladies; can pre
pare. Those attending are dssuerd a de
lightful evening.
Sacred Heart Parish Beunion.
Robert Hess, who was convicted by a
jury in Judge Dunne's court on a charge
of -perjury, was sentenced yesterday to
serve • four years in San Qucntin. Hess
had G. ;b. Ludiow.^a buyer for Weln
stock, L.ubln.& Co., arrested in April last
on a charge of throwing acid in his face
and testified to . the same effect at the
preliminary examination before Police
Judge Cabaniss. L.udlow was able to
prove, a" complete alibi and- it was shown
that the burns on Hess* face were caused
by an explosion of gas in Hess" carpenter
shop on Point Lobos avenue.
Sentenced for Perjury.
Supreme Court Sustains a Verdict in
a Los Angeles Damage
Case.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 10.-By a decision
of the Supreme Court of California Just
received in this city the verdict of tha
lower court in awarding Mrs. Fannie L.
Harrington 510.000 damages against th»
Los Angeles Railway Company ha3 been
confirmed.
Arthur Harrington, a printer, was killed
by an electric car July 4, 1900. H e wa3 „
starter in a road race and in crossing San
Pedro street was struck by a car * O in*
at a high rate of speed. It was contended
that the motonnan of the car was proper
ly signaled to stop until the racers crossed
the track.
WIDOW IS ENTITLED
TO COIN FROM RAILROAD
Justice was tempered with mercy in the
United States District Court yesterday,
when the three Cummings brothers, in
dicted for counterfeiting, appeared for the
purpose of pleading:. In the case of Fred
r> Cummings and James P. Cummings a
nolle prosequl was entered on motion of
United States District Attorney Wood
worth who stated that the physicians of
the Marine Hospital had signed a certifi
cate to the effect -that the two named
were afflicted with tuberculosis and ; that
imprisonment would be fatal to them. It
was represented further that this was the
first time the prisoners had ever been ar
rested for anything, and that the ends of
justice would be subserved by punishing
George A. . Cummings, .who .had 'pleaded
guilty. . .- .
The Cummings brothers were arrested
last April by United States Secret Service
Agents George W. Hazcn, Harry W. Mof-
Two Counterfeiters Are Too Sick to
Punish and the Third Acknowl
edges His Guilt.
MERCY SHOWN IN COURT
TO THE CUMMINGS BOYS
Frank H. Fitzgerald, - employed as a
clerk in the freight' auditor's department
cf the Southern Pacific until a week ago
Friday. 5« missing. - Hisf.. wife and her
mother have made diligent search for him
and have importuned railroad officials of
the various lines centering in this city
for aid In endeavoring to locate him. So
\a.r they have been unsuccessful, but the
v.-ife claims to be in possession of infor
mation leading . her to believe that he
has gone to St. Louis.
There are stories afloat to the effect
that his sudden disappearance was co
incident with the departure of a woman,
also in the railroad employ, and It is
Wnted that the two eloped. Mrs. Fitz
gerald and her mother, who live at OH
J^eavenworth street, refuse to discuss this
phase of the incident.
Associates o{' Fitzgerald ascribe his de-
Freight Auditors Clerk Being Dili
gently Searched^ For hy His
Deserted Wife.
FRANK H. IITZGERALD '.
DROPS OUT OF SIGHT
The ; committee ; In , charge ; is f composed
of .William . M.'. Magulre,, ".chairman; WU-
The joint committee. of the Native Sons
of. the Golden West. having in charge the
memorial services of the order, to be held
this afternoon at 2 o'clock In Native Sons'
Hall, on Mason" sti-eeC' has completed ar
rangements for the occasion. 'The follow
ing is the order of exercises: • • K '>
March, "Funebre.V. Chopin, .orchestra; open
ins remarks. Chairman" William - M. f Magulre
4> Lead. Kindly lAxht," Buck, Knickerbocker
Quartet; Invocation. - Hav." Joseph I> Mc-
Quado: Our; Deceased Brothers,'- Secretary C
A. Boldemann ; bass solo, • selected, L. a
Larson; eulogy, Hon. Frank J. Murasky* sol
prano solo. "Nearer, 1 My. God to Thee," H J
Stewart. Mrs. L. Snider- Johnson; "In Memo^
riam," J. Ij. Crlttenden: "Ava -Maria,", Gounod
orchestra: oration, • Grand-" Second \ Vice Presi
dent James L. Gallagher: ' >5 Crossln» tha Bar"
Macy, ; Knickerbocker Quartet: benediction
Itev. Joseph P. McQuade; "Ajnus Dei," -, Bizet"
orchestra. ¦ ¦'¦.'". -.¦.".< . • - • - ,'
Place This Afternoon in Their
£>¦:: Hall. \;
Arrange Elaborate Exercises to Take
NATIVE SONS TO HOLD
MEMORIAL . SERVICE
Mam H. Hazell, vice chairman; - Charles
A. Boldemann, secretary; J. L. Critten
den, treasurer; H. Levlson, W. A. Peake,
J. Hirsch, F. Mayers and Frank Morde
cai. ¦
Fitzgerald left without the formality of
tendering his resignation to the railroad
company. His absence was thought to be
due to illness until his wife began search
ing for. him and then it became known
that he had disappeared. His accounts
are said to be perfectly straight' and it
is generally believed that his domestic
difficulties were the prim© cause of his
unceremonious departure.
parturc to the fact that his home life was
unpleasant and that he was deeply in debt
and constantly beset by his creditors
They profess to be entirely ignorant of
any entanglement he may have har with
any woman.
flit and Thomas B. Foster and' charged
with manufacturing counterfeit dollars.
The molds and \ other • apparatus were
found in the basement of a house-, in
Frultvale -which the brothers had rented.
Their father, James P. Cummlngs Sr., is
United States Commissioner in Oklahoma
and is also a' member of the Legislature
of that Territory. '
George A. Cummlngs will be sentenced
on Monday. . «
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;GAIjIi, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11. 1903.
44
HALE'S. I HALE'S. | 1~~~~^~-^ ' -L-.JJ-^SSSL^ .'— -'- ' . aAXE ' S '
To=Day's Messages for To=Morrow's Shoppers
E£^c*4- lVIia^*^^ All in Write for anything we advertise. Our mail order department affords country T^ihif* I irig^n^ Acr^lin
Wo^t Suits ¦ '^^^^Neonow prices^ .otohave;; .; g^ 1 ?
WOmen O OUllO. ; J . 6oc quality 4$c. .' S1.50 Mfl^iiw $1.19.
(Rushed ln by exp««» ye=terd*y.> j%^ T " -«- B««<ft &teZT H B ¦ $i.oo quality 88c. ; x Mercerized linens 50c 3*(f.
•'^^SS^ —More mixtures (like the picture) I rfg^^/ |" j| jf^ | ! S^T f Never any let-up in linen values at Hale's.
I %^^^^''" fo jW/ fl* $1275. JL V-r TV 4-/ I I I\^ @ The resources of this linen store are wonderful. Something
t?Wi&/ —Others at $16.50. . . . ! : <Enthu,ia 8 m x. Turned i^ 8 e.) " \ -T "?";V^.-; ,'.;•-! " . "new is developing almost every day. But it isn't so much the low
— Plenty of mixed zibclincs. ¦ i~ "TU r* rp L . \\7i • C ."r prices which big buying or inside buying enables us to ask as the
_£tr» r^-»n"o -ed zibclincs, $20." UUt 1 hey A>0ITie I HIS WeeK in a OeneS Ot quality we arc abl^to offer. We give that our first attention.
Z^llSI 6:30 p. m. yesterday. y^ yo^ | «• Hale linens are first good, then w hen they happen to be under price
i /^lll Here's the nevs women W illb ea nx- "CGmpariSOll -Sales ; they are worth double attention. VJ
/ J \w%-a ious to read this morning. It tells of * ..,•-.. - 45c yard. 54c Yard.
v'-^A^JtyW-t? iuSt thc SuitS they Want (which are T>r /-1, >» t? « C f_ CV« TT Ct. U "K.T TJT J A 'silver bleached damask. 62 In. wide; _ A 9 a 0 i*l® linen. 66 in. wide: ex-
V|» s ' ce j USt U% t and W earef?rtu- To Glve San Francisco Such a Stir-Up as She Has Never Had. sxSA- WC! ™ tlolta fflj^^^^lSB^S
«^::$J| nate enough to have them at raucB less Standard black silks, as good as gold, will all go at low prices— the lowest in the city— taffetas in 50c Yard. 88c Yard.
//'¦ r '--.-'V-'-'"-'Jfti than tli«*^' would pxnect to Dav. < «./U < "'»:.' .... , . •'".';¦- ! • , , , . , A mercerized damask that looks for all A handsome linen damask. 2 yards •wide.
cw» ftp- '¦ '¦'¦ ; »\ V- 7 eleven different grades, as well as peau de soies, gros-grains, peau de cygnes, corded crystals, t h«. world like a 5100 and sis linen with In m * n y i» v «iy patterns; on© of Ireland's
satin brocades and satin duchesse. ' ifi^tiBf S^^^ "^-d Goths? $14^
•^ M &5S^SSS^^^g?2i Those white Japanese silks (usually sold at 25c) will be 18c. %£?*£ '£ 'J&£^&3£&^8fc£&
M^S^% wc ' d avc HVv" 1 -, 1 "! 1^ came ls J 9t f thin » And a long line of fancy colored waisting silks is 50c. u^ 4 r !| ttl9 heavier * racle - - a iA - de '- \v^tL Vankin^ <St m Drvr
kf-f' : --S '^ftV yesterday. We think there is plenty for at J - j . ¦ is We jard. V V nite iNapKins 9I.I9 DOZ. .
h} :;-.•••': r ! '' - »\ least three or four days; however, it's well ¦ " . • . Napkins to match the latter grade. 22 ln. They're, all linen, a In. square, such as
MS.|m for no onc t0 dclay - f Not a good silk has been left out; not a poor, inferior quality has been admitted; not a common price SQUare ' are a75 a d0 " n - _ . , _ usu f * 8cU at > 110 '
>/V:l'-."-l3t\ ciT7c ritiAc •„ , , , r . , r , «. . ... . , • Special Toweling 7c.
JfiwtMm^ i ; »iS*i$Sa«S^iiSS »«*««*««'• 7 ' ««»*h-«wrf«« .«*«».£ «/ safcsMswe know cf, , A cotton crash, .8 inchc. wid« and » h»vy absorbent doth. « M «y
ifiT^ ¦.••¦/ '¦-¦ "•¦¦^•¦•:--W»®gL- ed front and back, double breasted, caught at * • ¦ • • — . som at;8 1.3c. . y ,'. -' *. . ." .
€2; ' ' / '¦ >\ : J : .:"YS& B! *^^ the waist with a patent leather belt; collar, • -., , ' . v _ • . , ¦ .„ ¦ . , .^:* u,.. ,.,1,,* .j.-..,,.,, :* rtff.r. ' 5 C f or another toweling, white, 16 inches wide, in the huck and dice
J^^_&^/ :.: %'-jisK^- -^» lapels and sleeves are on the coat order; jacket It s done for a purpose: To show you what a silk store we have: what resources it has; what advantages it ofters. weavc# .
gS^gjtwiSS^^ 1 *-^ is satin lined: skirt with seven gores, beauti- I Comparison will do it as nothing else will. How much bijzjrerthe moon looks 'down near the horizon, where TfirUck T™,-*1e rrr
fi£?^i~l—- »^**^ fully tailor stitched. » I , , , ¦«,.,» -. . . ... , ..... ,..-.¦¦' • l^C X III K1M1 1OWC1S I1C. 3
«ie.r>« one, ,-r. b,u^ «nd biark mixtor^ coi,arie«. trimmed with r ia.n doth, .utched; * thcr c arc trc « and houscs wlth which'to compare it, than it docs up in the sky. where it » all. alonel . G d h v j unbleached and frintred 20 by 40 inches jil
* tancy buttons M d M^ty of braid; jacket , 8 lined; skirt i. kilted. . So we have brouRht our silk store before you, where you may compare it with surroundings. We know there lwy loweis ' "nDicacnea ana xnngea, 20 Dy 40 incnes.
1^^^^^^^^^^, with > if&ith ««* »5« -. our -' u »- So customc »- Wc «! reader of this advertisement to know it.
fancy buttons. «uk ornaments, siik braid, and jacket silk lined. Compare the qualities: compare the prices; compare the varieties; compare the service. " ; . . - .
*^2.-,<> it a fancr trilxed zibeline suit. blou6<«, skirt e.Teri ; c^!!ar!cEs; capes over the should- Cnnmiritnn i« rr>nv-ir»ir>n ' 1 ' ¦ i5^f f* _._- n *"*---.._ <5^'
er*: triir.ired Vith fancy buttons; braid and eilk ornaments. comparison 15 convicuau. • . • ;: ' : -;V'- •^^^
f-5 ;?l v %. 1 :V.*^i*V :i r^' h h^s a tr*m": sLrt fn p th*e °-£i*v Corded Crystal Silks, 79C. Black Peau de Soies, 95c. Black Peau de Cygnes. ABHESSShV sss^l %*^ =r ~~J
effect, each kilt * lth larce button. heavy, beautiful black Value 51.25. Nay. there isn't a better Those aristocratic French silks, so " Jj **g^ ~j^S.
nilk?. specially adapted for wraps. 21 ,, nf h J, fhB ri.v fnr 11 'rif there is soft, lustrous and popular Just now for W^fe^P^ &£/%£ J^
inches wide. They usually sell at $1.00, cloth ln tho cit y for J1 - J (!r there ls costumes. . . - O^ST^^
4 Bl" 1 MusiC HltS Another new lot of and are in great demand even at that we want to know it) than this on* now 70c— 111 inches value $1. CO v^p **? P^V-i $&*!* iStwr (@J0 •^^SiSi'
& "" Co + ;m T^tff^.*^ T~>:uu »« prl.e now. Here they arc with not a a t Ofic. Ifs the best; our guarantee Oo< — 21 inches value $1.23 Jafe ¦ I — ' 3BW 1^ «P> SL»»i '>v iufT
15C Each Satin Taffeta Ribbons Ult lew la quality and welsht at e oe"w?th every yard- 23 inches wide. 51.1O-21 Inche. :... value 11. 60 C\ I . £\ J f* •
And -\\c arc fortunate enough to sell ' 5>c - ' •¦--,..- A positive saving: on every yard, and __, ,, \ / ¦ >' -i -^^- / .¦ •^^^5WO^y=-^
enrst time to-morrow. - thcn?t b thc yard leM than The Black Taffetas. Black Peau de Soies, 65c. >:§ u J^aiu". wor g t°h! d a cloth " " Wy^m\-^r^ fe-^t
"Altrayg ln the Way." Harris' latest. uliolc«alers sell them bv thc box. _ . • , , w ..n «.«¦ 5 ",,".!!. &B&&yg>jJ^
"Benltk." the new piece by Dewey; bcU T - r . *i£ inches * Such ¥°°^ Ju™ ?Z n ™f?l n tlltZ Ifs the cloth that never sells less Black Satin DuclieSSC, 45c. , V^^^N^'
A f- V 3/8 "ICheS. day an^ -^-^^^--^^ than 75c; 24 inches wide. Comparison if s a pure 8 ll k material, such as sell, ¦ WsWiW ><#/i^ -M F^
•Uhy Did We Drift Apart. :NeTr. 2OC : 4 mcllCS. Is returned or the poods replaced. We T.-1I1 show that you can save 10c a yard elsewhere at 75c; never ln a sale less "/ f//> • I, ' jlGtg "jV ftil&l'livM ilW0W't Ti-' **
"Don't Make Them Scandalous Eyes at . stand back of these lower prices ln the on it now - • ¦ than 50c; 24 inches wide. - We guaran- 7 *T /,///./ ¦/If.'ijp' . ' J 'iM ; ilu.flyW' ll ':> t -«vf //--/';£'<'
Me." 25c: J.;4 niches. Ba me rigid way that we would If you onu ™ ' tee every yard and give.it to you at i'._l.. •'.'.'/: Jf V«w*- "r- , ia f :.*<&.
25c is the regular price-one vou Fresh and pretty and perfect-not worth> • v.iue . »0c ' - Black Gros-Grains, 69c. 1?,° T? " " ' t> ,' c' •" "
are glad to pay for such popular pieces, even a poor -shade 'mongst them and in. WWWWV.:::: value Si.og , j . h usu sold g5 flne Black Cotton-Back batlllS 1 39c. • D^iO i4^7=f rizsW/^Q f H Q + C
Two of them arc scarce even at that, not a good shade nmsms.. White. Sgggifc g.« ' one> » . Inche ; and the 're those he .^^"w^gj-* 1 "*- lvecluY-LO= W Q3V OStS
But^e want to attract attention to our ««»". P^ light^bluci^urquoise. Nile. *i.<x>_27 in. value |t.25 H ale guarantee with it too where at 50c >ard. 19 inches wide. */
music department, so we make them ' k 'nd^Tvv ?£*$ W^* :::::::::::::::::value gS Black Gros Grains. 98c; U.25 grade; Japanese Silks, l8c; Many flcw st te wiU bc shown to . morrow __ some o f
itr gra}, Diacs. ana na\y. ..... -, extra heavy and extra irood-the kind Plain, 20 inches wide; such as every . . J . . J
The r^TWecttnn : Other SPCCial blaCk taffCtaS : ° Ur LthC " USCd Z * U * tUl1 Hi f^eTSron^e^ a th s°aifas W fowTs ™P»™&Y *«?.
Burnt Leather Kodak Arr_aecnon IS: :::::::::::::::::::::^1SS - lde - : — r^ f 8c -^*,, /—"Coivboy Felt Hats, 9 sc.
' Albums Xew PilIow Tops cs^ dzl{ y- wc=5? IS: :::::::::::::::::::::va a^e e ?^ Black Satin Brocades, 69c. Fancy Colored- ;Silks, All. at __ Tam Q'Shanters for little girls, 5 cc.
College designs, one for Stanford and Rlack Peau de Soies 8oc Comparison makes them worth $1.00. -39°^' ! —And iauntv Automobile Cats but 'nc
All new designs and all colors another for Berkeley; worked up in the , K ,^ L •„ It>8 an eleErant " cloth for se P arate S , t ( T lped n^^^V ftch l5ln ?iS' d^Sth Wi jaunty Laps DM D OC.
a A r-?t 111 college colors. Each has a football <Ie- fl c H or ?,^ ar V^ ?% lo*'-? fn n eh*. OU wwii skirts. The designs are small and very r d m s e v ly ° ,too a yard^Bu^they Ire . The ready-to-wear hats have risrht of way this week. They are spread out
Offered now at famous Wholesale ? i gn S a nd it looks like the real pisrskin S^vyJ "brTsht and 1O lusil»ui ' a*nd the effective. Hale guarantee goes with n^EVsVSble wthe? w«e then! « the salon in K reat fashion on the tables and counters,
price*. a '^ t ' ie y° un !? fellow is carrvine. Hale guarantee goes with 4 every yard. every yard.. .. . hence 30c- , ., . • Hundreds and 1 hundreds of them, and the beauty is so few alike— and all so
* t . They're both new and each is .soc for ; r' new and different. Hardly, a day passes but that we receive some new idea
Its a fortunate offering at a the top and back : LL /^ ' • /^ "tf %% • TW ' /T • "i direct from New York.
ifortrn-at«» timr Then here's a Native Son pillow top. •%| T -. -^ --^ W#*l/"k/^ -d#« 1 l-**/^/^/^ ' i W^\,/\ rii*^ Here's a simple stylish hat. received yesterday, in the colonial snap-. xnad« of r«d
XOrtunaie time. the best we ve seen. In thc center is a I f\ |T| |J *M TT | Vdlfl 1 11 ilir^SS" Illlllll^ and blue mohair felt, trimmed with rosette of blue stitched velvet, steel buckle
Among them S re all kinds of floral i^'"-,/ 0^" 5 vou rub^th? "fnfS!? riihi VUllllitll IdUU UillVO 111 1/1 VJJ lIUuUj AnoTn'er'ls a Gainsborough effect in navy blue stitched felt, trimmed with lighter
; ideas, including the California poppy; y c^ 5 JT . • ....... shades of velvet. It seems to be a new feature-«.75.
[also a clever desicn of a Chinese bov. Pillow Cords, to go around the pillow. We want to convince VOU that Hale values are the best valueS; — -tHat here you get the fullest return $1. 75 is the popular price, and at this price we are showinar about 30 dif-
:The colors are seal brown. Roycroft They're heavy, and with large tassels on - * •* , - i ferent styles, each new. each distinctive.
grten. tan and crimson. The leaves l Flo's PiUo^good full ones and tilled „ for your money. -U: . M Then we have a fine assortment of children'^ ready-to-wear hats from 7i5c
are heavy weight in black mdton paper; with the best floss- ' Seeing IS believing. : . - - .: V .,'.....". to ?2.2=. &*:?MZ':&
c<i- C c »c is nch. stc 22 inch. ° ° o r>i 1 -vr* ic •*• til ruviwu^.^ " Tam O'Shanters for little drls in white, gray, blue and red, only w.
5 10c-- bv 4 inches. »£::::::::::.1l!nch: £:i:!ik£-3 S3: Black Voiles at 89c. Black. Mistral Suitings, >5C. Colored Whipcords, 69c. They're in thc new zibeline. shae^v enough to look like a beaver.
I bv 6 inches" Value $125 - They are heavy, wiry They are handsomely embroidered One of tha dressiest $1.00 fabrics of Then there's the new Automobile Caps, which sell at 50c.
-jc— ., d\ o snencs. Tl*»ar!«: nnrl "Rro^ric «»in» ttipbIi mat«»Hai»i rt#«imsi« fr>r mtterials and quite dressy; porous the hour, such as is selling el»ewhere T . „ -„-,.« tu,. K- et «r a ii •"•»'••!•
35c— 6 by 8 inches, - JJeadS and JiraidS. twine mesh materials desirable for enough to let the lining show through. at $1.00 a yard: worth 1 every cent of it. Then comes the best of all.
f.. r -u.. ., :,, r t,- e Indian Beads, large bunches, ln every color; separate skirts and full costumes. Put if the lining happens to be some bright We've marked it 60c In order to draw
<Jjc / d> 11 incnes. 17c . some CIRCLE (1) SILK under It for a color, or perchance some changeable attention to the dress goods section. \I7/%#%, A t»'^ "¦'"**%%¦« *t%^»r" \A*%4-r+ 4-^ C A fl
$I.OO— IO by 12 inches. Larje^eaat. a!l iizes, .hares and colors; , ln , ng Jt will shine out through the $£fe sK^ard 6 beaUly ' Tney are B^ues.^ns, browns, castors, garnets W OITICR S. vOW.DOy O O-tS TO OCll
On the large sizes we will burn the Indian Bead Locms. 25c. threads, lending life and beauty to * • _ " o . . «4- AP/»
nair.es free of charge. It's a finer cVtTe XruWwSi them 50 inches wide. Black Cheviot, 95c. V *anqr Suitings, 39c. • . Ht V5C
Chr^tmas opportunity than will likely Uh c e r r e *^ k> $£*¦ : 10S Black Figured Mohair, 75c. Usual value $1.25 a yard; 8 team undeV 50^ I yard'^ey «me ?ta-ft5fc? It's less than we have ever known of their being sold for in San Francisco.
c\er come a2;ain tins season. a yard. sponged, extra heavy and extra wide Panama and stripe designs, pure wool; They're in felts, soft tints of castor. Oxford and pearl; 3 clever shapes: trimmed
One of the $1.00 qualities, comes in (52 inches). It's exceptional to find S7 Inches wide. Grays, tans, browns, ,„;?» nn-erl Irather hands We have had calk for them everv a«<4 „«
small dedgni; 44 inches wide. such weight and such quality for 95c greens, blues, and, cardinals. .... .... S? th^
6000 White Sheets at 50c /^^^s .¦& /^\ v^^ 000 *^ V 55^ jf^5^\ "~^ — —
£S *" %#HP| PzjT^CSJ^ ' 1& "Jm- Best Chance You Could Ask
% t XZ^%^? im *™^*^ aaAtt « im . \^^|^M mSm fflf for t0 Bu^' Under = •
Good standard cases and standard sizes They're as good as any we know of at "''*/.",. vifi-' v TY vCll •
The Great Offering Before Christmas
S^fthfm in tius lot which the manu- - . • ¥ j| _ V> J • ; '¦ - Every garment is so good and low priced and just what's wanted now,
facturer made up from ends of sheeting Colton-Filled Comforters, S^C. . 1T1\ LSfl. L ll £ F ' tlOOQS • -^ they would quickly sell without a newspaper mention. But it's advertise-
mto the regular size— 4jx36 in. > » U O V| t *** v 1-<VI * 1 ' 11^' 1 rvrv * 4j i ments we are after. It advertises Hale s market power in the most con-
More Special Sheets S grHe f °of d snk O c iiJe edS and 0 mied Purses of all Izinds—Chatelaine/Autamobilc, Carriage and Wrist Bags. Men's Card Cases, Cigar- vincing manner. W&^&i ' ¦
That we are able to sen you for ies S thar tafe1?S,«ft!i STSS Holders and Bill Books.' . v " i Women's Garments. Children's Underwear. .
you would pay for the muslin. They're it to you. ' r\ i • 1 i i£ / /• ' • ,i , ,r\ j ' V- , .. ' . t .1 ' 50c— value -75c. Plain flat natural gray 25c— Boys* merino, garments; shirts, pan-
all white and hemmed- " On IVIUCh yOU may SaVC a half (Sometimes more than a half ) and get OS pretty StylCS OS therefore. wool .vests and pants. Every size. • talets and drawers; plain flat, natural
47c :^cr«O. f.7c 72x90 White Wool Blankets <?4 -n TJ • e i « ; / •( - .• n - ,. \, . „ „ Wc-value 50c. -Ribbed, stiver gray wool gray garments. Sizes. 2 to 13 years.
ZZc: t3x90 d'e Slx90 '» 11Ilt lvwl ulli ' mcis > v4-o u - Here arc genuine Seal Purses (silver mountings),. 25c, that are very MilSlC Rolls, SOC. vests and pants; heavy soft and warm. sOc-Children's union suits,- ribbed silver
? Kc ....90x30 Those heavy fluffy ones, weigh full 5 rarely as low. as 50c. Other favorite ones at 15c. Wrist Bags at 25c, ' tl n ' P arments * th v t . ba yh»« S /r«S? u 5«HSkin < ? «ray or ecru, fleece lined.
But look at the quality of sheeting lbs., with pink and blue borders; 300 or not to be had regularly under 50c, many of them worth 75c Even ***% ' y 8 EvervTlze° shrinking. BOc-Mlsses' wool garments, natural gray.
SfSu^Sl S importa^fi^pr'ic 1 ?^ 5 gf« C ° me SS5 '" RFeClal BelUn5 at lhlS a feW bcaUtiful WWtC WalrUS Wrist Bags, worth ?I. 5 O, a? 35 C \ ?£ "^ Resular pric^ ggSSSlfev White or natural gray. ££ SS^? h tO keCI>
i__ Plenty of large bags: Automobiles, all colors and styles, at 75c/ worth . . Chatelaine Ba"SWC ribbed, wool vests and pants. Every Boys" plain natural eray wool mixed
- • . $i.7S and $2.00. Handsome Novelty Bags, in many styles and col- DO^S, 50c. sS^alue 50c. White fleece lined, ribbed garments, unshrinkable. Sizes. 2 to, !4
10c -Bleached Muslin at Sc Vnrd °™ *t *^ rc e ul v. % ric * $ 6 ™v s * m^ :Si? p t ft i SSr5ik v sahtt v ftSt: g^«- «r«i- 2 4 ¦*>-*».•*
lU^ UlCatllCU ITlUdllll ai OL IdrU $3-5° and $4.00, which you can't duplicate m the regular way un- with metal frames. t pants cut large and full. We haven't sSl? {?? S- *^-« f» =«• Mo-hm :i
_., . ri , -.-. _. r -. , . • dcr $6.OO and $7.OO. ' :\- .s, :?) # J-V- better values in regular stocks for 50c. . 4& ~ *ae— «xe -s. 60o-«ia» 34.
That s one of to-morrow s most stirring offers, for its hard to find a bar- ¦ Wrist Bags qoc. Here are all sizes. S5c. . Wntnpn'c fiirmp>M + <-
pin in a.,Ih J. «W»Dt a nice, soft muslin as this onc is; . 3 oo yards . y,, , fi Not manv of a kind but ..„„„ w,,^ So R W ,., ,r,« « .. al' Wr-^Ta." 4 "^ """ B^B^HrtW B «"™tr lrt «,
have been laid aside for special selling beginning to-morrow morning -56 U S a Dig sample line. .Not many OI a Kina DUt many lynas. OO In 6 all the lat«st styles. Some of them 45c-Fleece lined union suits, heavy fleece lined. wwwr weignt.
inches uide. " . " they are bargains worth hurrying for, especially if you have SrttSS? l .i n % r th^ t h l^. <i fi3S.. lrtth - ; 2S5S" th^hest^n e ; C 5. U 5 ST* r SL l SSd.' 11It * ribbed ' ' Uv «
/nrr *HBt • n • • • " some particular style in mind. If you haven't, it's as fine an „ ' .. Q 0 >»7'
0*-=^ jmf f*h , Her Ladyship' opportunity- as you could ask for to snap up a few Christmas Re ular rlce J150 andV'* '• r egs^_ Jm &
M& *- -^rP"*""*^ a/ Hole's. 15 ;:czc Netsuke Bags, 25c— New and up-to-date one?, sold regularly at 75c and r, , C r . X R »_ Ladyship when you /M/ JgRf^-
*® -*t^LOO0& GOO£>&^ models now being S 1 - 00 - • • ' Boston Snapping Bags, 7 $c. , ,., , r /Bt \^JSVOl > COOD^<r
i^Tt Street Neartbcth 1^™- I : P^^r^^gs^n0;to Market Street N«
marKet Sjtreet [Near i>ixtn. I Worth 50c and 75c Seal, walrus and alligator." take shopping with them, v .. £_; ; q Market btreet, Near Sixth.Years of . maternity have \ given the
Countess ; a staid!; sensible manner ' and
ber face Is very motherly, her," smile very
sympathetic. , . She was " dressed- 1 ; with 'a
simplicity^ that changing v fashion* ' could
not" effect. I But . we* soon ¦ discovered "-. that
ehe shifted the ; conversation f rom/ books
and socialistic doctrlpes— we were trying
to ie t , hit'. to 'discuss her. husband's ? doc-
laughed as ; she saw we .werOj somewhat
astonished. '- ."Ah, > you see?I .-love^pretty
things," she r said, in haifV apology. . "It
is so recently that I have ; seen j anything
of the '."world.".' - ,*. -'.•..'. *-— '
She 1 evaded ; skillfully r ajiy V criticism of
the Count's work and of life, ; , but
she "said "very -freely that she rejoiced in
bavins '.her eldest daughter back azaln In
"The 'Count • came * In ' for. a '. moment ..be
fore we left r extremely -feeble and looking
aged in comparison with this'', wife: ;He be
gan to talk ln:an*abruptiway; interested
to-know about 'America; but • haranguing
"against its " worldly /'spirit, I scarcely.; look
in e ' at - us : at all, ,' his :' eyes gleaming j with
a strange, fanatical fire. t
'w'a watched the Countess while she was
we make exceptions for Americans when
ever we can. . We feel that rthey- are Vour
best friends,' next' to- our \ own country
people."
trines— to the extremely feminine ; topic
of frocks.-"
' "You' have Just. come from Paris, • what
are, they; wearing?" she ',- asked, then
the family circle. This girl ,waa an ardent
disciple of her father's : aiid nearly ', ruined
her ¦ health-. by working Hn'- the' fields and
eating bad' food.
.'Another sign of progress among English
anti-meat' eaters is the: widespread ap
proyalof;the nien and women they have
entered 'in various athletic sports. G. A.-
OlIey.'.thiB vegetarian bicyclist, has had
so many triumphs this spring that he has
been selected, to represent England (vege
tarians ' and . meat eaters alike) at a' series
of international races to be held In Copen
hagen next mouth.
Vegetarianism in England has distinct
ly pressed ahead within the last t few
months. This Is mainly due to the '.visit
of Dr. Kellogg of the Battle Creek,
Michigan, Sanitarium and to the subse
quent opening of half a dozen English
institutions on' the plan of Battle Creek.
Mrs. ¦Ormlston Chant, the undenomina
tional • preacher, who lectures frequently
in America, Is' deeply Interested in the
latest .of '. the sanataria,f recently opened
within a „' few miles of London. "Mrs.
Chant says that' the health of nations
would be v materially improved if men and
women . would" make a -habit of , retiring
into":rest : cures once in so often; She be
lieves '•; particularly in the benefits of
vegetarian ; cures.
" r W. ' T. Stead, editor .of the Review of
Reviews, has extended }jiz liberal sym
pathy to yet another sect. The vegetari
ans are the object of his latest interest.
'Mr. Stead, although himself not yet con
verted tq^ a; vegetarian diet, heartily ap
proves of vegetarianism. That is why he
has given his, country house at Wimble
. don, near, London, for a vegetarian gar
den'party. Mrs. W. T. Stead Is also a
sympathizer and on September 12,
with Mr.. . Stead, received several hun
dred ' * guests. Vegetarians from all
over ¦ London and lts^ vicinity were
present. In addition to the garden party
proper, there .' was ¦ an exhibition and
sale of vegetarian foods and wearing ap
parel, f eatherless hats ' and leatherless
boots. The Vegetarian Society looks for
,ward to a day ; when- Mr. Stead will be
come a, convert to their system.
STEAD IN A NEW ROLE.
talking and her expressive face betrayed
the disapproval she would not utter. It
was so plain that we were all struck by
It. .She took occasion soon to interrupt
the- Count and bade us good-by with a
charming smile and almost a look of
pleading. We felt as If she had begged
our pardon collectively and individually.
The next day I wrote to her to ask for
a photograph and she replied at once,
sending:' several^ which she said had been
taken : by .her. eldest . son... and which she
herself thought were* . good likenesses.
Each " one bore her autograph, which I
had not been bold enough to ask for.
"Pardon the servant," she said. "Of
course, we could npt^posslbly receive (all
the travelers who call unlntroduced,' for
so many come , from - mere curiosity. But
"Well, here > I stay until she returns,"
dramatically exclaimed a girl in the
party, and we all promptly sat ourselves
down in the hall and looked • defiance at
the big 'Russian , servant ,in his - faultless
uniform and grand air. We had not long
to wait until one of the 'daughters came
through,' and, when .we' explained, that we
were Americans . she :• gave ( the ¦.' pompous
servant a sound rating. in. rapid Russian,
then bade us welcome in perfect English
and took us upstairs, where* Madame Tol
stoy sat reading in the drawing-room.
AMERICANS 7 WELCOME.
When we called at the Moscow, home we
went without letters of introduction 'of
any. sort, but our Russian guide told us
that being Americans, we would be sure
to be welcomed. But how to convey a
message of our nationality to Madame
Tolstoy was a different matter. The ser
vant at the door swore" that the Countess
was not in town. ' Then when' We . said we
knew she was, he swore that^she was
not at home. * "
Her receptions on Saturday when she is
In Moscow are crowded with bright, in
teresting people, strangers from many
parts of the world, the rich and the poor.
She Is gracious to every one, talks to you
In whatever language you like— German,
French, English, Russian— will^iscuss the
literature of your own or any other coun
try, can talk politics, science, or how to
bring up babies. Truly a remarkable
woman!
It is perhaps not so strange after all
that she is not an enthusiastic follower
of her husband's extreme views, seeing
she has suffered such great deprivation
on account of them. She thinks many of
the Count's ideas are true, but she be
lieves that the . family has a right' to
enough to eat. that the children have a
right to a good education and that she
has a right to pass her last days free
from the financial worries she "has always
had. "1 ,
DOES NOT INDORSE AXL.
as upon the country estate,' but every
thing bears the mark of a refined
feminine taste. The Count Insists on us
ing nothing but a pewter plate,' mug,
knife and fork, and they are /always at
his place at the end of the tabled Madame
Tolstoy presides at the other end and she
insists equally emphatically" on having a
well appointed : table for herself and her
children.
Queen Alexandra has in her time soft
ened many hearts In regard to charities,
but she admits that Sir Thomas Lipton
has been the greatest conquest she has
'ever made in that direction. When the
Queen made her memorable jubilee appeal
she had scarcely heard of Sir Thomas and
when the famous check came forth she
expressed the hope that "the poor jnan
had' not pauperized himself." How Sir
Thomas was "softened" Is not generally
known. It came to his knowledge that
the Princess, as she was then, declared
at a private party one evening, that the
one great Idea of her life was to raise
$500,000,000 for the London hospitals before
her death. Since then . Sir Thomas hus
been a constant subscriber to her Majes
ty's charities and many substantial
checks are sent that no one evtr bear*
Anything of. Bur
"July 31, '03, West Dean Park, Chlches
ter—Sir: In reply to your letter: I was
born In England and my father was a
naturalized British subject, but I have
many American relations. Tr. faithfully.
"WILLIAM ' JAMES."
One thing in particular which has led to
comment on the King and Queen's inti
macy with the James is the general im
pression prevailing in. London society
that the latter are Americans. Having
heard it asserted .so often that Mr. James
was a, son of the stars and stripes I ven
tured to write him the other day. asking
if this was the case, and received from
him the following reply, which settles the
matter once and for all:
JAMES NOT AMERICAN.
London babies are for the first time
In London's history to have a hospital
of their own. A big building near Hamp
stead Heath, the happy hunting ground of
the London "cockney" on holidays, has
been secured. A long line of Duchesses
are on the committee of management,
the Duchesses of Teck and Portland lead
ing the list. The Question puzzling the
hospital at present is, "When is a baby
not a baby?" The age limit has yet to
be fixed, but it is likely no children over
two" years will hereafter be considered
qualified for admission.
Since Kins Edward came to the throne
it has been observed, in society circles
that "Willie" James and his wife have
excelled all their previous records in the
way of entertaining. The fast friendship
that exists between them and the King
and Queen is evidenced by the number of
private visits their Majesties pay to West
Dean Park, one of the loveliest homes In
England.
The Queen has always been a stickler
for observing court etiquette and society
is therefore somewhat astonished at the
familiarity- she encourages with regard
to the Jameses. It is rarely that sha
visits the house of a commoner and so
that she may not excite tne jealousy of
aristocratic big wigs she forbids the
Court Circular to . record her frequent
visits to West' Dean Park. There is an
other thing that compels her admiration
for Mr. James and his wife. They maka
It a rule never to paragraph the society
papers with the fact that they enjoyed
the company of the King and Queen on
such and such a day. with the result that
their Majesties'- visits grow more and
more frequent- The servant In. the James
household who is caught babbling about
the appearance of the King and Queen
on such occasions does not get time to
look out for a fresh place, but is ex
pelled there and, then.
Mrs. Adair. who was made almost ill
by the grief and nervous shock following
the sudden death of her daughter-in-law.
Mrs. Wadsworth Ritchie, has gone to Ire
land to recuperate. She is on her own
estates at present, those she Inherited
from her husband, the Irish soldier. But
she expects shortly to go on a visit to
her sister, Lady Barrymore. who lives In
a wonderful old place called Fota Island,
County Cork. Mrs. Adair and Lady Bar
rymore are daughters of the late General
Wadsworth of Civil War fame and all the
Wadsworths of "Washington and New
York are related to them. Miss Post,
daughter of Lady Barrymore by her
previous marriage with Mr. Post of New
York, is at Fota Island also.
MRS. ADAIR IN IRELAND
Her Royal Highness, it seems, has
looked with envy on the humble folk who
joyously make their way about London
on the omnibuses. But not until this sea
son did the idea arise within her that she,
too, might taste this delight. It was no
easy thing to gain the permission from
her father, but this has at last been ac
complished. His Majesty will permit his
daughter to enjoy herself after her
heart's desire if she does it "incog" and
under as much cover as possible.
From an Inside source the information
comes that the plan made by her Royal
Highness Is this:
Later In the autumn, when people ex
pect her to be at Sandringham and won't
look for her in town, Princess Victoria
and one of her ladles in waiting will
travel up to London unannounced, put up
at some quiet club or hotel and go in for
"busing." Her Royal Highness la said to
intend taking the longest and prettiest
rides, as well as the one so favored of
Americans, through Whitechapel and the
Petticoat Lane .district .T-'-
average royalties, and she is now
preparing for a tremendous adventure—
the most thrilling of all her quiet career.
She is going riding on the top of an omni
bus. -
PRINCESS VICTORIA, the Kins'*
only unmarried daughter, is a
woman of Bohemian tendencies;
Bohemian, that Is, when con
trasted with the tendencies of
on in the world. It stands In a delight
ful garden and there is a brick wall seven
feet high surrounding it, so that the fam
ily live there almost as secluded as In
the country. The house Is low and two
storied, plastered on the outside, as it is
the custom in Russia, and with small
windows.
There is a small room on the first floor
where visitors are generally shown first,
then taken to "the drawing-room upstairs,
where the Counters is to be found. It
is a large room with a low ceiling, fur
nished very simply with. a few good pic
tures, a crand piano which both the
Count and Countess frequently use, and
a dainty tea table always -ready for a
passing guest.
Opening out from the drawing-room is
the Count's study, lined with books .and
portraits of friends in many parts of the
v;orld, and furnished with a fine old wal
nut writing desk. Before the Count's
long illness last winter— an illness which
still har.gs on and necessitates the fam
ily*E remaining in the country— the Coun-;
less ppent many hours of each day with
her husband in this study, helping him in
hi* work.
The dining-room is furnished as simply
CAPABLE ENOUGH FOB, TWO.
There she lived for seventeen years in
a lonely, deserted place, miles away from
any town. Tolstoy was then going up
and down the Russian empire studying
social conditions and absent from home
for months at a time. The Countess at
tended to her housework— they were too
poor to have many servants— she nursed
each one c f her thirteen children, she
dispensed with governesses and taught
them herself German, French and Eng
lish; gave them music lessons, made their
clothes and her own. Then as soon as
her husband began a book she began re
vising it, translating it from Russian into
French or German, copying it In her clear
handwriting so that the printer could read
it— she is about the only person who can
make head or tail of the Count's writ
ing—and attending to the publication of
the book when it was finished.
And every night during these long,
lonely seventeen years at Polyana she
dressed herself for dinner with all the
dignity that a Countess Tolstoy, wife of
the head of one of the noblest families in
Russia, should observe. She never had a
beautiful or costly gown for many years,
but she always managed to appear like
the great Jady she is, and she had a few
wonderful old Jewels which were family
heirlooms.
Count Tolstoy pays no attention at all
to the royalties on his books, and he even
¦went so far vears ago as to declare to
bis wife that they had no right to re
ceive money for his work. But as the
family property had to be sold piece by
piece to ect the money to buy bread for
the children Countess Tolstoy rebelled and
threatened to leave him unless he let her
collect the money which was due to him.
£he thought they had as much right to
it as the publishers who were getting rich
from the Count's books. So now all the
business is transacted through her.
THE HOUSE IN MOSCOW. f
She has paid off all the debts on the
estate and a few years ago she bought
a pretty little house In Moscow, which
gives her a chance to see something of
life and people and know what is going
LOICDON, Oct 10.— Philosophers,
authors, teachers, those who' go
to learn, those who go to wor
ship at the shrine of Count Tol
stoy, those who take the long
trip out to Yasnaya Polyana for
mere curiosity's sake, all of them catch
only fleeting glimpses of the wonderful
woman. Countess Tolstoy. Those who go
to the Tolstoy home on business— as I
hare lately done — pee more of her and ap
preciate to the full the fact that but for
her Tolstoy would to-day be a beggar; a
decrepit Invalid with his physical pow
ers wasted and gone years ago; practical
ly unknown to the world, without pub
lishers to scatter his teachings broad
cast es soon as he is ready to give them
forth.
Perhaps this sounds rather strong, but
the writer, who has sepnt some days in
the Tolstoy family, has had excellent op
portunities of judging of the great nov
elist's wife and has since had a rather
definite idea that she has deserved a
larger share of her husband's fame than
the public has generally accorded to her.
Madame Tolstoy, handsome, highly ed
ucated, practical, has been the power be
hind the throne, engineer of the elaborate
Tolstoy machinery, which so speedily
would have gone to smash without her.
She persists in keeping herself in the
background and is quite content to re
main unknown. But if she survives her
husband, as is more than likely, as she is
twenty years his Junior, she probably will
yet have the recognition which her intel
lectual powers and accomplishments
should bring her.
When Count Tolstoy met her she was a
mere girl, the daughter of a physician in
Moscow. He was already a jaded man of
the world, with etrange religious ideas
Just beginning to crop out. He knew the
women of the Russian aristocracy well,
and had decided In his own mind that
there were no good women in the world
and that he would never marry.
So, ix> his customary erratic way, he
sold the lovely old mansion on his coun
try estate, which had come to him
through his grandfather, one of Cather
ine th* Great's famous generals. Then
he met the Countess and she changed the
whole world for him. They were mar
ried in 1S62 and she began her life of con
stant self-sacrifice by going out to a lit
tle hut on the Polyana estate— all that
was left of the big house.
Melba to Give Up
HerHouseonthe
Thames.
Her Business Ability
Averts Utter
Ruin.
Talented Woman
Who Is Author's
Helpmeet.
Princess Victoria
Plans a New Ad
venture.
MADAME TOLSTOY'S CLEVERNESS, TACT AND SOUND JUDGMENT
IMPORTANT FACTORS IN SUCCESS OF HER FAMOUS HUSBAND
SAfc FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; OCTOBER II, 1903.
. ¦ . . * - - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ."...;¦"¦ -.*¦--. . t . " ¦ : " • ¦ - /V *'- ; * ¦,""-¦, ¦ , ¦ ¦
RUSSIAN PHILOSOPHER AND AUTHOR AND" HIS REMARKABLE -WIFE. "WHOSE - - INTELLECTUAL . : POWERS
HAVE BEEN. A SOURCE OF IN SP1R ATION ¦ TO ' HIM AND .WHOSE B USINESS ABILITY. HAS : PROVEN. A
BALANCE WHEEL. TO HIS EXTREME VIEWS.
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48mined to be an actress-I'd always wanted
to be— and went first to Rudolph Aron
son;at" the Casino;to" tell • him so. ; Mr.
Aronson' liked- Bomethine In my appear
ance, perhaps my 'dress'.'— looking down
at her Immaculate lines smilingly.
"I understand," I sympathized, taking
in again that wonder of stltchery. -
"And ho said: 'Yes. come down to re
hearsal in the morning, Miss Rush.'
Then, strangely, I * met Mr. -Reed just
after '• I, left the Casino.-«-We were old
friends and ho i asked . me « where I had
been. I. ,told him and he then
•Wouldn't you like to come with me? 1 "
"¦ "That must , have * been a ( .wonderful
gown!"/;"-;-; ;';v. ; v / . - .'; ....-¦
' '/Ohi ' leading ladies were not so plenti
ful then . asjjbw," .' she laughed. '¦ "But I
was hnugh tyTihen; of ¦. course, and I asked
Mr. Reed aR 'what -I should come.V -
" 'Ab Miss - Walton -; in , 'The -Woman
Hater,'. Mr."' Repd ¦" said.. _: 'Do ? you think
you . could do .it?'. -I ; told: him I thought
I , ' could •: do : Mrs. ;. Lucie Joy— the , le ad ! ; I
wonder « how.', how' I -dared. But Mr. j Reed
said: T rather like the way you sayjthat,'
and : he .actually: gave me the. part. It
was a. woman . of 43, by the way. j Then
one of the critics said after my first per : *
f ormance, j 'We have Isidore Rush back
with her. smile again,' and easy, finished
methods.' But I was mad! But Mr. Reed
said; it . was a great, compliment, only, I
wanted credit f or • a first T effort, you
know.". . ' \ . / .
"And ever afterward you continued as
'his leading lady?" •'...'.
"Yes," Miss .Rush confirmed.
.- "This . musical comedy work is new to
you?" v .-¦ .; •"-:
"My first offense, but I've always liked
comic opera." . ; ¦
"Do you sing? Oh, pardon me?"— as the
actress looked slightly surprised, "one is
not expected to sing in musical comedy.'.'
"Neither 1 do. I," she , laughed good
naturedlyr-rd like /fa on" Miss
Rush's laughs for ayear or two. .'Every
thing ; laughs, < eyes,' lips; voice, /even her
hair: seems' ; to '.'crinkle sweetness., "I
Bpring an occasional note, but it shouldn't
be held : against * meAYou know,' even" the
Greatest of Us"— and 'she opened herj eyes
in : mock awe^-"Ada J Reeve l ,' says she , can't
get •". the - effect • if "s she sings her ' songs.'
MISS ISIDORE RUSH, WHO TALKS TO THE INTERVIEWER OF HER
GOWNS,, OF COMIC OPERA AND OF NATURALNESS AS THE KEY
TO DRAMATIC SUCCESS. ;
Plays and the Players
George Fawcett's third annual play con
test is now^.under way, and several man
uscripts have already reached him at his
home theater. Chase's.. Baltimore, where
his company Is permanently located. "The
Favor of the Queen." in which Miss Percy
Haswell is to be starred this season under
Mr. Fawcett's management, was the win
ner last year. The prize is a substantial
one.- while a first-class production is guar
anteed of the winning play. Manuscripts
should be addressed to George Fawcett,
Chase's Theater," Baltimore. The contest
will close March 1. 1904.
"GERTRUDE G. *N0RRI3."
William A. Brady, under whose direc
tion Wilton Lackaye la to star In "The
Pit." and Chanrting Pollock, who adapt
ed the play from Frank Norris* novel,
announce the. receipt of the following
self-explanatory letter: "1 have -Just
finished reading your drama of 'The Pit'
and both Mra. Frank Norrls and myself,
his, mother, are immensely pleased with
the, character of Jadwin. It is faithful
to the original in the book and. faithful
to the original man— the character was
drawn from life. I think the closing
scene of the first act, where Corthell dis
covers the scattered rose leaves, 'very
good and the whole piece Is as striking
a dramatization a3 I have ever seen.
Both Mrs. Frank Norrts and myself wish
for a box the first night of The Pit's'
presentation in Chicago.
gis in "The Politician," and the first man
nish girl on the stage. ..,'".
"Tnie, too true," laughed the accused.
"Every man that has had his tie stolen
and his studs 'hooked* has me to thank
for it. But I was a nice, innocent, bil
lowy .girl before that, whose only loves
were linings and . lingerie. But Clemen
tina Sturgls was great fun. ' I used to
study every new tie, and collar, and cuff
that went up Fifth avenue. And I'd
watch eVery boy's walk. Then when
Clementina came to town every school
girl copied the *walk, and the raid on
brother's drawer . began. Oh, I've much
to answer for! Still, there were draw
backs. AH the suffragists used to come
to call on me, to ask my opinion on the
suffrage question. K Just as'.lf I wanted to
vote!"
"You don't?"
VNp; we" have enouch to do as it is," I
think," decided Miss Rush.
S "You were with, Roland Reed, sthen?"
I asked, for Miss Rush is the widow of
this clever American comedian and was
his, leading woman for years. "I had not
the pleasure of seeing Mr. Reed, nor. 'The
Politician.' " ,"
Mrs. Reed's sunny face looked proudly
out of the shadow that glanced across it,
as , she said: "You ; missed | seeing then
pardon me— one of the greatest American
comedians. American, straight ., through
and buttoned up the v back."
"You began with' Mr.: Reed?" . j
"Yes, in '90, ; thirteen years aero," she
answered, "as leading ; woman— the dignity
of it all, if you please." ' >
"How did you manaee'that?". . '.:¦¦;¦'. '¦
¦ Then she ¦. told _ mo in- her neat, rapid
English, as trim as her. gown.'of her.un
usual experience.' '
"I. went to'New York /one day deter-
IT was not rudeness but simple eelf
protection that led me to precede
Isidore Rush as we took the- Palace
elevator.
"Do you know Hiss Rush when
you see her?" I had asked the white
capped maid, the only Jerry's blooming
successor, as I sent up my card. I had
not then seen the Lady Holyrood of the
current "Florodcra."
The maid did not, but soon returned to
the little reception-room where I waited—
nice girl!— to tell me that Miss Rush had
been described to her and that she would
point her out to me.
It was kind, but superfluous. I had
only to trust to my knowledge of the
actress as a woman whose gowns are the
admitted despair of her rivals to be eafe.
If there were two Isidore Rushes they
would hardly cross the same orbit at the
eame time, and I knew the lady immedi
ately for herself as a slim, taut figure,
smartly sheathed in simple blacks, stood
before me. I had the unspeakable negli
gence, however, to forget to obtain the
maid's description. My own, undoubtedly
less picturesque, must serve. '
But it was clearly impossible that 1
thould follow Hiss Rush to the elevator.
I had no ardent desire to be taken for her
maid and the Inference would have been
inevitable with my workaday garb tag
ping after that poem In black etamine!
The conjunction of her incarnate neat
ness was difficult enough and had I been
addicted to the safety pin habit I think
I should have utterly collapsed. How
ever, we reached the parlors without dis
aster to my pride and immediately nes
tled into the obvious kubject of gowns.
Miss Rush took the rocking chair, but
was up again in a moment, joyfully in
sisting on my full taking-in of her 114
pounds— "in Turkish bath costumo, I al
ways say," she ended with careful.frank
ness.
-I was quite willing to look at the ac
tress, as she explained that she was once
the "too much" of 155 pounds.
Perhaps five feet five at a generous es-
timate is Miss Rush, but looking nruch
taller. She Is broad shouldered and .slim
hipped, with not a line of her, blurred in
the drawing. The gown— there is so much
of Hit* itwrii besides her 114 pounds in
her gown— was pleated from neck almost
to hem. where it flared out in finny fash
ion into a slim train. A collar, tiny,
white, trim, tautly clasped her slender
rock and at the waist behind was the ac
tress' one bit ot jewelry, a diamond
horseshoe. The hat was also black, with
a drooping veil that gave the one willful
line of the picture.
For the rest Miss Rush Is not unlike
a slim Lillian Rupsell. Her hair is bright
gold, eyes big and blue, and -She has a
mouth that holds as sunnily infectious
Fmlle as you will find. The coloring is
clear red and white and obviously home
made.
"I say 114 pounds because it sounds so
well," Miss Rush went on, lifting her
arms lightly for me to take them in.
"How did you manage It?"
"Punching the* bag, medicine balls, rid
ing, clubs and so on," she laughed, her
blue eyes dancing. She put back her
shoulders, flat as a West Pointer's, as if
every muscle obeyed orders, and bent
lithely this way and that in puro en
joyment.
"Oh no! I shan't come apart," she
laughed, as I looked a little alarmed for
the relations of her skirt and waist.
"Couldn't if I wanted to. I hate women
thRt come apart and safety pins and belts
and things. Don't you?"
I did, wondering if these were also on
Mary MacLane's humorous litany of
hates.
"this dress— all my dresses— are in one
piece," the fortunate, lady, pursued. "I
can put them on in one minute and know
that there isn't any divorce at the waist."
Ladies, Miss Rush fastened at the back
and her skirt, slightly yoked at the top'
was beaded with a piping as .thick as a
strip of vermicllli. boiled.
"Do you always fasten at the back?" I
asked, awe-fully.
"Not at all," she replied. "I've a gun
metal uown that buttons from the neck
to the hra down the front."
"And is joined at the waist?"
"And is Joined at the walst-always "
"I fancy most of us are given to the
shirt waist habit because of Its econ
omy." I ventured.
"But look at tho laundry bills," said
practical Miss Rush, taking her rocking
chair again.
"Anyway, you were the inventor of the
shirt waist girl," I accused Miss Rush,
who was the original of Clementina Stur-
She-.just talks them,- you know."
"You're exactly Lady Holyrood," I ex
claimed suddenly, the chic, fluffy widow
of Sl Florodora fI and "Tact", looming up
before, me.
"I like the part," Miss Rush confessed.
"It's a thankful sort of role. I've always
been a — a — flippant comedienne" — she
phrased it. "I had a semi-musical en
gagemen.t before this, by the way, with
the Rogers Bros. I followed Delia Fox
there as Belle Money in 'In Central
Park.* " .
"One of the Fischer girls Is their lead
ing lady now," I added.
"Ah, yes. Lillian Coleman. Very pretty
girl, iarge eyes, sweet contralto, graceful,
I can see her. now." Miss Rush said, and
I noted the same unstudied kindness In
her attitude toward every Derson men
tioned during our chat.'
, "And- you like musical comedy?" I
asked then.
"Oh, yes! And I'm going on with It,"
she bubbled enthusiastically. . "I'm re
hearsing now for The Medal and" the
Maid,', to be produced in January next,
another musical comedy. Yes, I enjoy
the life altogether. Of course, the one
night stands are a little monotonous and
"it isn't so cheerful to come on and be gay
when you've had no sleep for two nights,
¦ as it was with me -our first night here.
But we have to take the bitter with the
sweet. And when one gets an audience
of nice people in front It's like a cocktail,
pulls you together immediately."
f 'Of course you are— you all are—sensi
tive to your audience?" „
"I know whether they want me or not
after my second line," she earnestly put
It. "You have very wonderful companies
here in the summer, they tell me," she
said then, unexpectedly.
I told her of the summer harvest, and
more particularly of the splendid com
pany Henry MiUer brought here last year.
_, "Lawrance d'Orsay!" Miss Rush repeat
ed, from my list of the Miller people.
"Why, Mr. d'Orsay Is the hit of years in
•The Earl of Pawtuckef this season in
New York."
I told her Mr. d'Orsay had a very busy
press agent who told me so every week.
Also that from my Impressions of Mr.
d'Orsay; I was constrained to believe the
press agent.
"It is a*-matter of personality with
D'Orsay," the actress said. "He — er—
reeks with personality," Which I thought
a very good way of saying that D'Orsay
cannot say two words like any one but
Mr. d'Orsay. :
"You said a while ago," I recalled,
"that you did not believe in the dramatic
schools." . »
"I suppose I shouldn't say that?" sh«
said, "but»I believe it.. Now, : why,">and
she leaned forward earnestly, "why
should I use my. hand "like— Mrs. Wheat
croft,' say— to express some emotion? We
don't all use the same words to express
-thoughts. Why should we use the same
gestures? 1 find that most: actresses
taught in echools have simply to unlearn
most of the things they have been taught
before they can succeed. It is simply a
matter of being perfectly natural."
"Now, Miss Rush, isn't that absolutely
the most difficult art of , all?" # I asked,
"to be. natural, not oniy in another per
son's clothes, but in hl3 phraseology, in
his mental habits, in his emotional togs?"
"Yes, in that way," she granted. "But
my contention 'is that the cut and dried,
catalogued rules for doing these things
that are dealt out to you in* the schools
are a hindrance rather than a help and
that your own intelligence will place you
there* much more quickly." V . . .
"But what of the use of the voice and
. that kind of thing7"
>."The 1 less elocution the better." Miss
Rush r sized up the , situation. "V»*hen the
actor has the elocutory Instinct it is good
. by * to . his .' naturalness.*,* ¦
-"I mean rather the ability to throw the
voice over the footlights, pronunciation,
enunciation and that kind of thing?"
"What is the stage manager for?" MI33
Rush queried.
"But will the stage manager concern
himself with .such elementary needs?"
"If any girl will go to her stage man
ager and say, *I want to come down an
hour earlier to study that part with you.
I'm not sure of my interpretation. Will
you go over It with me?' the stage man
ager. I assure you. would then begin to
think the girl had something in her."
"But the time. Miss Rush":"
"Most of them would be only too glad
to give It," she said. "Now, for exam
ple, I had never kicked In my life when
I went to the Rogers Brothers, but the
stage manager there gave me the steps
I had to have and I practiced five hours
a day on them until I had them. And
Mr. Sea more would go through part.*
with me, suggesting a gesture, correcting
a wrong Inflection, pronunciation and so
on. all of which I would put on the fly
leaf of my part and go to my own room
to work out."
"The French are great believers In their
dramatic school, the Conservatoire."
"But they overact— Bernhardt, for ex
"You feel that?"
"Very much," said Miss Rush. "In
'Tosca,' for example, her arms are always
In the air" — throwing up her own, shim
mering through the etamlne to illustrate.
"To me, the less gesture with the Illusion
the better. You and I don't do that so*t
of thing, talking' here."
"But we're not 'Toscas,' I laughed.
"Then again there is the fact that actirg
la not being perfectly natural, but look
ing It, and that to look natural everything
must be slightly exaggerated- But this ia
getting overdeep and it's late." Misa
Rush had told me that she was going out
riding in Golden Gate Park.
"Ah, the horseshoe," I had replied.
"All the jewelry you wear?"
And Miss Rush, as we came out, one of
.the most famous experts on rubies in tho
country, and with a collection of gems
that looks like a Tiffany warehouse, said.
"Yes, I think stage people are sufficiently
conspicuous" without gems en the street.
Don't you?"
Advisedly, as I regarded the miraculous
simplicity beside me sllhoucted against a
drab wall, I replied "Yes."
THE SAN.- FRANCISCO CALk, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11. 1903.
46
WITH THE
PLAYERS
AND THE
MUSIC FOLK.SOME PROMINENT MEMBERS GF; SAN FRANClSeO FRATERNITIES.
The Maccabees.
Woodcraft.-
THE following was the programme
that was presented to a large audl
./ ence in Mission. Masonic Hall on th»
THE companies of the Uniform Rank
of the Knights of the Maccabees
have arranged for a series of bat
talion drills. The first of these was
held on the evening of October 8 in the
Golden Gate Armory, and the divisions
that were In the drill were San Francisco
No. 2, Oakland No. 11, Golden West No.
12 and' San Jose No. 14. " The next drills
will be November 11 and December 10.
toastmaster, called upon thirty of those
present to respond to^ toasts. All the
grand officers of the order spoke, as did .
also the grand officers of the Druidesses.
It was one of the most pleasant gather- ;
ings that has ever been held, in Druldic |
circles. The reports that were presented
showed ' that the association is in a pros-". v
perous condition, and that during last year
it did excellent work for the advancement
of , the order, in this city and -Alameda '
County. .- ¦ • .\ ¦ "
McKinley Grove United Ancient Order .
of Druids, No. 132, has elected the follow
ing ..forg the ensuing term: F. Coburn)
noble arch; J. II. Peterson, vice arch';: P..
A. O'Connor, recording secretary;" C. II. I
Drews, financial secretary;" Fred Manscn,
treasurer; \T. E. Griffin, conductor; ;, W."
jSIlva,' outside guard; Eugeno Wood, In
side guard ; Dr. B. *F. McElroy, surgeon ;
J. , Bignau, trustee. ; .Charles Wachter,
who, at " the* installation of the . new of
ficers*'will become. past noble arch, had
a committee appointed to' procure a. $15
emblematic' jewel, which tie will present
to 'the member who, during, the current
term,' shall have had initiated the great
est > number of- strangers Into ¦ the grove. .
; Boadicea '.Circle of ; the h Druidesses has
elected the following/ as -officers for the
ensuing. term: 1 ;, Mrs.' Jennie S.' t Clark," arch
Druldess';.. Lena Sorertsen, •first ',. bard;
Rachel .Samuels, second: bard; Annie E.
Massen, financial secretary; .William N.
¦ Dingle, —recording secretary; Frances
; Josephine Horn, treasurer; A. . S. Hall,
conductor; Mary ; Elias, Inside guard;
Sadie Wilson, outside guard.
iThe Initial social given, by _ ¦ Wneoln
Grove of the Ancient Order of United
Druids. in -Austrian Hall on the evening
of rOctober • 1, was attended by a large
number of members and .'stranger's. There
was a, programme of twelve numbers with
two " extras and good dance : music. The
affair, was -successfully, carried out under.
:the supervision of a committee' of .a'r
rangements composed ; of Frank Pratt, 1 . H.
: .V. Stuart,"; A. .Doehn, ' W. Z. Ruck and G.
>J. ''.Ferris;, with Henry "L. Faubel as floor
Ancient Order Workmen.
THE official organ of the Supreme
Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen gives the follow
ing as the official figures at the closo
of last July. Number of members in
good standing July 1. 1903. 464,733; admit
ted in July. 3421; reinstated' during the
month. 2374; suspended during July 10,220;
died, 493; withdrawn, 493; in good stand
ing August 1, 460,162; increase during July,
1000; decrease, 6595. * .
der the direction of R. D.' Barton, master
of ceremonies*
There was an official visit to Hesperian
Grove, at which the third degree was ex
emplified on six candidates, and three,
strangers made application for admission
by initiation. In the hall a naddress was
delivered by the noble grand arch. The
grove closed and all marched to a Powell 1
street rotisserie, where a supper ' was
served in honor of the head of the order
and attending grand' officers. After the
black coffee speeches were in order, when
the following named responded In answer
to tho call of J. T. Kidd, the toastmas
ter: George Beck, noble grand arch;
Ernest C. Stock, past grand sentinel; W.
G. Antonovich, grand marshal Louis F.
Dunand, P. G. N. A.; Louis G. Schord,
P. S. A.; C. F. Wedemeyer and Dr. G. W.
Sichel, grand trustees, and F. J. Horn,
grand treasurer.
The Past Arclr Association on. the last
Sunday in September Installed its officers,
for the current term. Noble Grand Arch
Beck was the installing officer, being as- .
sisted by Past Noble Grand Arch Gugllel
moni and Grand Marshal Antonovich.
After the installation the members of the
association and nearly sixty ladies par
took of- a banquet in the banquet hall of
the Druids' Temple, An excellent supper
was served and after the repast Past No
ble Grand Arch Guglielmoni, who was
manager.
Noble Grand Arch Beck, Deputy Grand
Arch DcLeigh, Grand Secretary Martin
oni and Grand Trustee Wedemeyer were
in Stockton last week when an official
visit was paid to Concordla and Joaquin
groves in joint session. There was de
gree work by, the officers of Concordla
Grove, and after addresses by the grand
officers there was an adjournment to a
restaurant wHere an excellent supper was
served. There were about 100 present,
which included a number of members 'of
Stockton Grove. P. D. Campbell was the
toastmaster. ¦ . . ,'-'
Gruetli Grove, which for a time met In
a hall on' Mission street, near the road
leading to Ingleslde, has taken quarters
in Mission Masonic Hall. At the meeting
last week the grove was paid a fraternal
visit by Grand Secretary Martinonl. who
was- accompanied by Past Arch L. A.
Woltf. • The grove has several petitions to
act unon and it is said that with a
change of "quarters renewed interest has
been taken by the entire membership. The
visiting gcand ouicer assisted the* officers
of the grove to initiate a candidate.
The noble grand arch- is visiting the
groves in the State of Nevada.
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Louise Zazzl
announces the following official visita
tions for the current month: To Novato
Circle, October 21;>Petaluma Circle, 22d;
Sonoma Circle, 23d; Jackson Circle, 26th.
On November 9 she will; visit Harmony
Circle at Napa:; ; Hth, Olive Circle at St.
Helena, and 23d, . Gilroy Circle ' in Gilroy.
Theater Party.
ON the evening of the last Tuesday
In September nearly 300 members
of the Order of the Eastern Star
attended the performance of "A Gentle
man of France" In the Grand Opera
house in honor of Miss Edythe Chapman,
a member of Harmony Chapter No. 124
of this city, who is the leading lady of
the James Neill Company. At the con
clusion of the second act? there was pre
sented to Miss Chapman a beautiful flo
ral piece bearing the words In gold let
ters on a streamer of cream colored silk:
"From the members of the Order of the
Eastern Star." After the fall of the cur
tain on the final act, the entire party was
invited to meet Miss Chapman on the
stage. The leading lady expressed her
gratification at the honor of the visit and
thanked all for. their kind remembrance
of her, then shook hands with each and
in that way brought to a charming con
clusion a pleasant evening that will be
long remembered by all. Among those
prominent In the order who were of the
theater party were Associate Grand Pa
tron Dr. Arthur Hill Millberry and Past
Matron of Harmony Mrs. Sallie Houghton
Millberry, Past Grand Patron George
Louis Darling. Past Grand Organist Mrs.
Nellie Augusta Darling and the entire
corps of officers of Harmony Chapter;
also delegations from Harmony, Golden
Gate, I Ivy, Mission and King Solomon
chapters. This delightful affair was ar
ranged by Dr. Millberry and Mrs. Anna
Ruth Cornehl.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
ON the last Thursday in September
H. C. Lewis, general organizer for
the Fraternal "Brotherhood. Insti
tuted a new lodge of the order In this
city. It has been named Aurora and will
meet in the Shlels tjuildlng every Thurs
day. It had thirty names on the petition
for a charter. The same officers recently
instituted a new lodge in San Mateo with
.the names of twenty-eight on the petition
for the charter.
On the last Friday In September Mission
Lodge had a pleasant meeting and took
measures to have another open meeting
and entertainment during the current
month at a date' to be announced later.
San Francisco Lodge, during the last
two weeks, initiated four strangers.
The lodge in Alameda' at its last meet-
Ing selected eight young women to act
as Its drill team.
The lodge In Fruitvale, at its last ses
sion, initiated ten applicants for admis
sion. • -*.'• '¦-'¦
In addition to Oakland Lodge with Its
600 members, three more lodges are to be
Instituted in^that territory, one In Oak
land proper, one in East Oakland and one
in West Oakland. ,
The entertainment and dancing social
given on the last Wednesday In Septem
ber in the Red Men's building- by Prog
ress Lodge was another of those functions
that has established the social feature of
this order as exemplified by this lodge.
The attendance was good, the musical
programme entertaining and the dance
programme pleasing.
last Friday In September by San Fran
cisco Circle of the Women of Woodcraft:
Overture by orchestra: song. Miss Anita
Smith; recitation, M. Doyle; Instrumental
selections,, Miss McCullough;_ recitation,
Mrs. Rush; dialect specialties, Samuel A.
Ray; recitation. Miss Kauffung; Instru
mental selections, orchestra; recitation.
Miss Arrensburg; violin solo, J. Case.
Then followed a voting contest, dancins
and the serving of Ice cream to all. The
event was under the supervision of H. J.
McClintock, J. T. Spencer, L. A. Ennls,
Grace Still, Mrs. Feegan. W. C. Clark,
Jessie Pierson, Anna Andrassen and Mrs.
Girwood. Mrs. J. T. Spencer was voted
the most popular lady and H. J. McClin
tock the laziest man.
This circle recently received quite aa
addition to Its membership 1 by transfer
card from Redwood Circle.
The smoker given by Pathfinder Camp
of the Woodmen of the World at 4439
Mission street on the night of the last
Friday In September was well attended
and the programme of entertainment was
of a superior order.
"Golden Gate Circle of tho Women of
"Woodcraft at its meeting on the first Fri
day in October had a good attendance of
members and Initiated a class of several
candidates. The circle decided to add a
new feature to the floor work," which it Is
expected will add much to its attractive
ness. ' ; ¦
Golden Gate Camp No. 64 was visited on
the first Monday in October by the visit
ing committee and there were present a
large number of the members. These were
addressed on the line of plans for the
continued Increase of the order !n this
city, the principal speakers, who ad
vanced a number of new ideas, being P.
F. Gilroy, David Oliver Jr.. editor of tho
Pacific Woodman, and M. J. McCabe. The
entertainment for members and their la
dies given during the latter part of last
week in Native Sons' Hall was a very
pleasant affair that delighted all who at
tended. A good programme of entertain
ment was presented. *
The cornerstone of a "Woodmen's new
temple was laid In Santa Rosa with ap
propriate ceremonies in the latter part of
September in the presence of a large
number of people. P. F. Gilroy of this
city, past consul commander of Mission
Camp, delivered the oration and John H.
Foley, head adviser, delivered a short ad
dress.
Redwood Circle will have a social in
Eagles* Hall October 13, when an excel
lent programme will be offered, and this
will be followed by dancing- .This circle
has instituted a "chip-picking- contest,"
with two sides, one under command of
Neighbor Ambrose. O. N., and the other,
MJs3 C. Wehx, for the purpose of securing
members.
DURING the latter half of
September Supreme Chief
Companion Mrs. M..J. Val
ente, in the company of
Mrs. George J. Berger, su
preme sub chief companion,
paid official visits to the circles of the
Companions of the Forest of the Ancient
Order of Foresters In Amador County.
Oro Fino Circle of Jackson was found in
a nourishing- condition, and the work was
exemplified by the initiation of eight
Etrangers. This was by the officers, as
sisted by a drill team, and these did so
well that, under the good for the order,
the visiting supreme officers bestowed
many words of praise upon those who
officiated, dwelling particularly upon the
manner in which the floor work was pre
sented and the secret work rendered.
During the evening a beautiful banner
was presented to the circle. After the
business meeting there was a banquet
at which the most tempting dishes were
chicken and ravioli. The supper was
greatly enjoyed as to a.11 things on the
table by all except the supreme sub chief,
who drew the line at ravioli. This circle,
noted for its hospitality and loyalty to
the higher officers, had transformed its
meeting place into a bower of evergreens
and flowers and did everything to make
the visit enjoyable. The following even
• ing twenty-two members of the circle ac
companied the visitors to Sutter Creek
in tallyhos, one driven by Mrs. C. Calvin
and the other by Mrs. Dougherty, both
rt^iderits of Jackson. At Sutter Creek
tr« visitors were welcomed by Compan
ions Richards and Muprford, who escorted
them to the hall of Diana Circle, which
was tastefully decorated with ferns and
flowers. There was nn exemplification of
the work and the officers proved their
ability to perform it in an acceptable
manner. The officers and members of the
circle were complimented, the former for
their efficiency &i<l all for their loyalty
to the order, and the hope was expresed
•by the supreme chief that the circle will
continue in the good work until it be
comes the banner circle of the northern
part of the State. The close of the meet-
Ing was followed by the serving of a
collation. The following: evening Com
panions Mr. and Miss Richards and Mrs.
Ferries of Sutter Creek escorted, the su
preme officers to Amador Circle in Ama
dor. This circle was found doing- splen
didly and it promises well for the future,
as the members fay that they are work
in? to socure the first prize, offered by
the executive council.
Upon her return to this city \he su
preme chief visited Ivanhoe Circle on-
October 1, Lincoln October 6 and will
visit Washington Circle October 13. Santa
Amada October 23 ar.d Ivy Circle at Cor
delia October CO. She was and will be
accompanied on these visits by a num
ber of the supreme officers and the mem.
t'ers of the board of deputies.
A few evenings since members of
Courts Lincoln and Wyersdale, to the
number of twenty-seven, took a trip to
the top of Mount Tamalpais and had a
lens but pleasant walk and an enjoyable
time when they reached the top of the
mountain. By a transposition of names
In an item it was made to appear that
Court Wyersdale had won the Duncan
trophy in the whist tournament. The
winners were the members of Court
Lincoln, who* after the decision, enter
tained the losing team.
Lincoln Circle No. 233, Companions of
the Forrst. A. O. F., on the evening of
September ~« cave a social In the assem
bly ha'.l of the A. O. F. building that
was attended by almost the entire mem
bership and a large number_ of their
friends, who had a pleasant "evening of
entertainment ar.d dancing.
California Circle had a pleasant social
,Jn the same hall on the evening of Sep
tember SO. Good dance music and a well
arranged, programme of dan«?*s kept the
company in the hall until midnight.
Court Justice will have a class initiation
on the evening of October 27. on which
occasion the deprf-r- trill be conferred by
the degree team of Court Bohemia.
On the last Friday la September Grand
Chief Ranger Sanborn paid a visit to the
juvenile court la thi.« city, when he was
greeted by a large attendance of the
members, and he witnessed the initiation
of two candidates. During 'the evening
the visitor gave the boys an instructive
talX. The same night he visited Court
Star of the West and spent a pleasant
evening with the members.
The Italian court in Alameda reports a
remarkable gain during the last quarter.
¦ — : •
Druidism.
A NEW grove of the United Ancient
/\ Ord^r of Druids was instituted In
* * Oakland recently with a good char
ter list, by Xoble Grand Arch Beck,
assisted by Grand Secretary Martinoni,
L. F. Dunand, P. N. G. A., and Past
Arches Bamman and Conrad and Grand
Trustee SieheL Subsequently the noble
grand arch, assisted by the grand secre
tary, Grand Treasurer Horn, Grand Mar
shal Antonovich, Grand Sentinel Cramer,
Grand Trustee Wedemeyer and Past
Arches Bamman. "Wolff. Teaser and
Worthington. instituted PaclOc Grove In
this city. -The petition for a charter has
iixty-two names upon it.
During- the last week C. Gtehen of Los
Angeles, as special deputy, instituted a
ttevr grove at San Pedro with a pood char
tor list. It will be known as San Pedro
Grove No. 161.
El Dorado Circle at its last session ad
mitted two strangers by initiation by the
degree team. Under good of the order
there were addresses by Past Grand Arch
Druidess Mrs. Prances J. Williams, T. G.
Brady of Oakland Circle and Arch Druid
ess Mrs. Mitchell of LIvermore Circle.
During the last ten days the noble
grand arch and other gTand officers have
been busy making official visits. .In this
city. In company of Grand Secretary Mar
tinoni. Grand Treasurer Horn, Grand
Marshal Antonovich and Grand Trustees
Sichel and Wedemeyer, he paid a visit to
Galileo Grove, where, after the routine of
business, the grove's team presented the
yecond degree work in a most impressive
manner, maintaining its reputation for
!>crfect work in that degree. The work
of the evening was followed by a colla
tion and short addresses by the visiting
officials.
The same officers and L. F. Dunand, P.
N. G. A., then paid a visit to Ms/lzanita
Grove, where the business methods were
exemplified in a very satisfactory manner
and then there was work in the initiatory
degree, which was followed by an ad
dress by the "noble grand arch and many
others. During the evening the grove, to
show its appreciation of the head of the
order, presented him a handsome gavel
made of manzanita and encircled with sil
ver bands bearing appropriate inscription.
After the closing of the grove there was
open hou«e and many strangers were ad
mitted and entertained with a programme
Of music, song and story,. presented un-
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903.
47
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMTHREE SOCIETY GIRLS OF SAN FRANCISCO WHO BY THEIR GENUINE AND INTELLIGENT INTEREST IN
CHARITIES PROVE; THE INCORRECTNESS OF THE POPULAR CONCEPTION OF BUDS AND BELLES' AS
' ?^BUTTERFLY -CREATURES .WITHOUT SERIOUS PURPOSE OR THOUGHT." ' . s
if there, is any phase of, social , life that
is warranted to 'excite pity in -the"; hearts
of those capable of it .it is. the appear
ance • in evening dress of; a -girl .whose
medulla oblongata (do -you know ; what
that* is?) threatens to come through' her
skin. ¦ For^ihe thin girl .who* persists .upon
o'ecollete gowns there Js nothing like i row
iric to ' save - the feelings of her : friends.
-* — : ~ . . ... - . „ . — — ¦ - , . — - .... .. -.. ~
She : will even* surprise herself at y the- t
dwindling of , unhappy - hollows -that
look like miniature Indian mortars " in ' her
neck, ¦* and V her .arms -¦will .;. become • a - joy
both. to^ herself \ancT her, friends.. - •
-v Why ; don* t the'- society girls \ follow, the'
lead;, of and;; adopt growing 1 for
a pastime/ instead of so much golf? - The
;amus'ement is just* as keen and the bene
fits accruing even more desirable."' "v" :
¦".¦ - '¦.-¦'. : • ' • ¦ •' ¦ "
'" ; - -^rfnMBojBIP ifflmnfn 1 m*mfljj»<7*ivmj'<m
'¦¦¦': That , was rather a bizarre thing for
Mrs.' Hugh^Te'vis to. do— to ; order., a* yard
'or two of. topaz (or Is, the plural
f rom\ Mr. ¦ Marcher 'otj Lbs lAngeles, ;¦ and
then when completed and sent ' to ; ; her to
•chap and popular with his fellows. He is
likewise a good soldier. ,
. The happy pair will reach San Francisco
In time to. board the Sheridan on the 31st
— Hallowe'jen— for.the Philippines.^And on
. the" same ship -will sail nine other, young
couples just wed. The- Sheridan, how
ever/ is a sturdy ship and the gallant cap-
' All hail, the Stanford girl! In addition
to her devotion to tennis/handball,
hockey, .golf, basket . ball and general
gym work, she Is going to introduce row
ing—rowing, girls, 1 Just as ihey do at Wel
lesley.. A N large -barge is about to : be
purchased and before many moons will
be riding on the \ University, lake. The
men's quarters will \ be moved • to the bay
when the . season is^on,*. and the .girls will
then hold sway over ". the water campus.
Now, ye maiden-' with ptpestem* arms,
think what this means. Likewise, ye maids
with . hollow .chests; and, deficient . busts.
It means a. development' of Just -those
muscles which from disuse or" misuse
have become . atrophied. ;: It j also *; means
that within a couple of months' ' rowing
over the * blue ; that those . scarecrow sis
ters can, venture into 'a\ ballroom* without
exciting : the . sympathy, of onlookers. '¦ For
says what she thinks, and the latter
thinks what she' says. .. - - -
The debutantes— bless ;¦ them— are plan
ning a merry time,, a'nd'it is a safe predic
tion that they will harvest what fun' is
going. Wh^, praypis fitted to pass Judg
ment upon the new ballroom better than
they? And they are frank enough to say
what they think. Therein lies the differ
ence between buds and belles— the former
Palace takes place, which . is * set for the
23d. The proceeds , of r r this affair— which
•will be the first big; ball' of the season
will be devoted to the. endowment of beds
in some available hospital - for the ' men
who wore the gray. If for no other rea-
Eon than this "the affair should be* a suc
cess. But as a social • function it is the
introductory ball *of; the season and a
brave showing of pretty ¦ women ' is prom
ised. The list of patronesses are from the
original chapter .the Albert Sidney^ John
ston, and Include: Mrs. Alfred Hunter
Voorhies, Mrs.. A/ W.- Foster, Mrs. VWil
liam M. G win, Mrs. William. B.; Herrin,
Mrs. William • B. Collier, , Mrs. Selden S.'
Wright," Mrs." J. ' Garber, Mrs. „ Eleanor
Martin, Mrs! Ynes Shorb White, Mrs. Wil
liam L. Duff. Mrs. William B. -' Pritchard
and Mrs.^ Wakefield Baker.
5, Mrs. Voorhies is in receipt of a letter
from .Mrs. Martin assuring her. that so
important a function will- hasten her re
turn to California. ;.; .
; ¦¦•) • • •
The clubs, with the exception of one
or two, were f rather quiet this week, the
California, however, presenting a pro
gramme of more than ordinary worth.
The clubrooms in the Y. M. C. A. build
ing were- thronged with members and
guests, who were graciously received by
the president. Mrs. George Law Smith,
and the reception committee. The hospi
tality of this club is. a -matter of much
comment among club women, but the se
cret is not difficult of solving^ It is the
personality of the presiding officer that
makes the atmosphere of the club what
it is, and. nothing can be more potent
than that very thing to render a club*
worthy of its name, for It is within the
walls of one's, club that one looks for
goodf«aowshipV?£nd It is good fellowship—
in, its highest and best sense— that maku
for the success of club UX«, ~ .
• • •
The Norris-Davis wedding on Wednes
day evening was a delightful affair.
Wealth, beauty and breeding, and all
that they stand for, were symbolized in
the attendant ceremonies.
The decorations were rarely beautiful,
overelaborateness having been studiously
avoided. Green, the most soothing and
therefore the most pleasing color, pre
vailed.-' The reception which followed the
ceremony^was a pleasant affair— and re
ceptions at weddings are usually lachry
mose and consequently stupid— but this
proved rather exceptional.
The young people will go to housekeep
ing on their return from Monterey.
• • •
Mrs. Salisbury gave a tea on Monday
last in the palm garden of the Palaco
in honor of Miss Bernie Drown. Flanked
by feathery ferns, the groups of dainty
maids in dainty gowns was a pretty
sight to see — and the ' men didn't deny
themselves that privilege either, for they
stared in a manner that small boys would
call "rubbering."
• • •
. Miss Christine Pomeroy will make her
debut on the 31st, Halloween, at the home
of her mother. The young bud is to be
chaperoned by her aunt, instead of Mrs.
Norma McLaren, as was first given out,
as her mother is In mourning. Miss Pom
eroy promises to be one of the favored^
buds of the season.
Apperson, are back from their trip to
Wintoon, and are now housekeeping In
their beautiful new home.
However, the women of the Confederacy
are surely too well bred to maintain a
feud of this character for any length of
time, and it Is to be hoped that the white
flag of peace will fly from the ramparts
of both chapters before the ball at the
"What a shocking time the Daughters of
the Confederacy had on Tuesday! Par
liamentary law went a-glimmering and a
double-headed body is the result. Whether
Mrs. Sidney Van Wyck of the Jefferson
Davis Chapter or Mrs. Victor Montgom
ery of the Los Angeles Chapter will suc
ceed in ¦wielding the gavel is a question.
There is, -however, absolutely no question
as to who is wielding the hammer. In
fact, the anvil chorus has been on the
programmes of both the original chapter,
the Albert Sidney Johnston and the seced
ing chapter, the Jefferson Davis, for -over
a year and a climax was thus inevitable.
And while no serious damage was done
to either side of, the opposing forces in
the fray— except the infliction of a few
nervous headaches — the whole affair was
unfortunate and no possible good can
come of it. The Daughters have banded
together for the very noblest of pur
poses—that of caring for the needy Con
federate veterans, they who served their
side so gallantly. And it really Is regret
table that women with so brave a cause
and so earnest In their endeavors to make
that^cause a success should risk the
¦wrecking of their enterprise upon the
locks of dissension. It is a law of nature
that where harmony prevaileth not, there
success flourisheth not.
Among the girls of the smart set who
unselfishly and unostentatiously go about
their -work of lightening the burdens of
the poor or unhappy — and thus beautify
their own souls, which, by the way, is
reflected in their faces — are Miss Helen
de Young, Miss Mabel Ayer, the Misses
Ethyl and Alice Hager, Miss Helen Dean,
Miss Mabel Gunn, Miss Grace Buckley,
Miss Elena Robertson, Miss Grace Mar
tin, the Josselyn girls and hosts
of others. Of these maidens most of them
are this winter devoting much time to
teaching little tykes of girls to sew— and
this Is but a part of the work they are
<foing. Miss Mabel Ayer, through her ef
forts in the Sunshine Society, has let
many a ray of hope and comfort into the
gloom of want. And herewith is an ele
ment of their giving and doing — it is done
with the delicacy that comes from the
heart and is en instinct as native as is
the love for children.
bers. This is the unseen"" power that
plucks out the weeds and undergrowths
of selfishness and indulgence, that, over
running the human soul that lives only
within itself, leaves it barren of fruit and
without the perfume that comes of good
deeds and clean thoughts.
A SOCIETY girl! Here indeed is a
classification that has suffered
eadly from careless usage and
to the popular mind— which, by
the way, is not given to o'er
dcep thinking— carries with it a
mental picture of a butterfly maiden,
flitting here and flitting there, sipping of
sweets in the golden sunshine, blissfully
content- in the pursuit of her pleasures
and in the glorification of her beautiful
self and her trappings; who. like the but
terfly, knows not the wherefore of her
being, nor the relation she bears to the
scheme of life as planned by the Father.
Her pleasures, her possessions, her grati
fications mark the circumference of her
life as she lives it, and mother, father and
friends are valuable only in so far as they
contribute to her Elysiaa life. The sick
ness, the sorrows, the sufferings of the
world have no part in her life— and thus
she drifts on forever in a turquoise sea
in a gilded bark!
Now, to him who knows her as she is—
not as fancy paints her— this popular con
ception of the society girl is not only ab
surd and ridiculous, but is absolutely un
just—and this is true not only of the
girls of the smart set in our own burg,
but of the same class in every American
community. But in our own city by the
sea the maids of society have set for
themselves the, tasks of lightening bur
dens wherever they find the heavy laden,
of softening the sorrows of children and
tempering the trials of the aged. To find
in our blue book a name that is not in
some way connected with a charity would
prove a weary search; hospitals attract
the tender ministrations of some, sewing
societies for needy children others; ser
vices in the settlement districts likewise
have their devotees, and if is this helpful
element in the social structure that
sweetens and purifies the lives of its mem-
• "> • • • "
Dr. Flint and his bride, who was Miss
? • *
The Herrins are in New York, where
Miss Alice will enter school for a year.
This postponement of her debut has dis
appointed many friends. However, to one
inclined to intellectual development, study
holds more precious moments than does
society.
• • •
The Colonial Dames held a reception at
the home of Mrs. Winchester, on Clay
street, on Thursday. Being the opening
reception, it was well attended by tha
members. Many stunning fait gowns
were In evidence.
some time.
Mrs. Rogers created quite a reputation
by lecturing before the Twentieth Cen
tury Club on musical matters.
• • •
Mrs. Phebe Hearst sailed on Wednesday
for the Orient, where she will tarry for
about two months. She was accompanied
by Mrs. Henry M. Rogers of Boston, di
rector of the Boston Conservatory of Mu
sic, who has been Mrs. Hearst's guest for
• • •
A delightful reception was held at tha
residence of Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Queen.
2212 Sacramento street, on Wednesday,
evening, when the Jefferson Davis Chap
ter of the United Confederate Daughters
received informally the Veterans of tha
Army of the South, their friends, and del
egates to the convention and theic
friends.
Music and song filled tha air and
"Dixie" supplanted many less spirited mel
odies. Songs of the cotton fields and tales
of the plantations made up the pro
gramme, which was brought to a glorious
finish by a Virginia reel danced in trua
old Southern style, in which' many young
folk and old Joined with a relish.
Miss Elizabeth GQdey's marriage to
Charles Frederick Kohl of San Mateo
was celebrated on Wednesday in Wash
ington, r>. c., by the Rev. Dr. Stafford,
rector of St. Patrick's Church, in tha
presence of about 100 guests.
The bride is a stunning girl of fine men
tality and good style and was educated in
the Convent of the Assumption in Paris.
The groom la a son of the late William
Levis Kohl of San Franci3co. who was
associated with Senator Miller, the first
president of the Alaska Fur Company.
Young Mr. Kohl is a university, man. be
ing graduated from, Pennsylvania and lat
terly from Heidelberg. *
The mother of the groom expressed her^
approval of her son's choice by presenting ,
the bride with a bowknot nearly six
inches across- holding twenty-nine large
diamonds and about 5000 small ones in Its
lustrous surface.
.The young people, after the honeymoon
trip, will pay a short visit to Rothesay,
the home of the bride, near Washington,
and will then come to California. Their
home will be in San Mateo, where tha
bride will be welcomed into the hearts
and homes of her husband's friends.
tain feels she can carry that load of lova
with safety if she doesn't run hn»
squalls. What a splendid time they win
have !
This has proved a prolific week for wed
dings. ¦' Prominent among these were the
nuptials of Miss Elizabeth Young, daugh
ter of Lisutenant General Young, chief of
staff, U. S. A., to Captain J. R. Hannay
of the Twenty-second Infantry.
v The wedding took "place In St. Thomas
Episcopal Church, "Washington, on
Wednesday last, and was witnessed by
the President* and Mrs. Roosevelt, Miss
Alice Roosevelt and all the prominent
people in army, circles in the capital.
T~he bride, diying her stay at the Pre
sidio, had endeared herself to a wide cir
cle of friends. both in and out of the
army, and her happy union with the man
of .-her choice — her own choice — is afford
ing much pleasure to her friends. The
young captain Is said to be a handsome
• .- • •
The commander, hardly blaming the
young, fellow under such provocation,
comforted the little widow and sent her
home, promising to take .the matter up
immediately. No court-martial yet has
been declared, but it is needless to say
that the young son of Mars will sit on
a. chair all h*ls own when he calls on
"Western widows again.
return them— with thanks onfy— at the end
of a month, giving the wholly satisfac
tory and sufficient reason that they didn't
look as pretty as she thought they would.
Now Mr. Marcher marched them back
to her with a bill for 5750, but, unper
turbed, the dainty widow repacked the
whole six feet of gems and sped them
back to Mr. Marcher, with the inclosed
permission to whistle for his money. Now
the unoffending gems that nature had
wrought in such good faith in her labora
tory lie. unclaimed in Wells.' Fargo '&
Co.'s office in Los 'Angeles — gleaming un
seen In the trloom of their workaday
vaults— and the Jeweler is suing for his
mone.y. ,
It' is said that the impulsive young
widow possesses a few feet of diamonds,
but^ these she desired to reserve for occa
sions of court, and it was as a substitu
tion for the .carbons that she desired the
two yards of topaz (topazes?). .
This. little matter might lead the phllis
tlnes to conclude that the little lady is
somewhat given ."to impulse and impetu
osity. Perhaps, It was these little traits
that brought out the "conduct unbecom
ing an officer" in the young naval officer
who visited her and her sister in New
York, when it is said— shocking to relate
—that he sat down on the arm of her
sister's chair. Now that certainly was
reprehensible conduct m any gentleman,
but in a naval officer it was scandalous.
So the enraged little widow betook her
to .the commander and preferred charges
against the demonstrative defender of the
flag and asked that he be dismissed from
the service.
THE SAN FBAKOISCO ;C^LIi, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1903.
48
SOCIETY GIRL AND HER CHARITY WORK