: Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
. Continued on Page 5, Column t>
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The repub-
CONSUL FERAUD.'S PROTEST.
¦ ¦ . •
rananta's Representative Clashes With
Postmaster Montague.
. NEW, YORK. Dec. 23.— One of the
wall3 of the- old Thirteenth, Regiment
armory, Brooklyn, fell to-day. Two
workmen ...W.ere killed and seven others
wiftt badly hurt
Falling .Walls Kill Workinsmeii.
Continuctl on Page 2, Column
WASHINGTON.. : Dec. .23.— Louis A.
Dent, Register t of .Wills^ for the District
of "Columbia, has resigned, ', to take ef
fect April 1.. It is understood that Cor
poral James Tanner, formerly Com
missioner of Pensions, is to succeed Mn
Dent ---
Register of Wills Resigns.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.—Announce
ment was made to-day of the ' appoint
ment t of CM." Waters as superintendent
of the division of salaries ard allow
ances of the Postofflce. Department to
succeed .-George W.* Beavers, to take
effect January;!.. .. Waters' is now acting
occupant of .the division. ,7 '
Beavers' Successor" Chosen.
I No time will now be lost by General
Reyes in -completing his communica
tion to the State Department. Hereto
fore, he has not been in any hurry to
conclude his mission to Washington,
thinking that in the meantime the war
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.— "War on
Panama means war with the United
States" is the substance of cablegrams
which General Reyes, I the Colombian
Minister, is sending to Bogota and to
his more influential followers through
out Colombia. Realizing the gravity
of the situation" General Reyes is en
deavoring to bring the Colombian peo
ple face to face with the situation as
he knows it here. He Is convinced that
the United States will not permit' a
Colombian army to land within the ter
ritory of Panama.
Endeavoring to Restore Reason to the
Bogota Government.
REYES COUNSELS PEACE.
Prompt Administration of Proper
Remedies Saves Life of Califor
nia's Mo«t Xoted Instructor.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23. — James C.
Pclton. the oldest and probably the
inost famous educator in California,
had a narrow escape from death at
his own hands to-night and only es
capf-d by the prompt administration
at th~ proper remedies. He is more
than SO years of age. very deaf and
almost blind. He has been suffering
from bronchitis for some time and
yns taking eucalyptus oil to secure
relief. In the semi darkness of his
room to-night hf got hold of a bottle
containing a solution of carbolig acfd
and took I a dope sufficient to have
killed him had the acid not been di
luted. The caustic poison burned his
mouth and throat and he rushed to
the bearest'jdrac i;tore. where alcohol
t. as administered. Then he was tak
en to the Receiving Hospital, where
further treatment was Riven him. The
physicians think he will recover.
Polton is a forty-niner and first
BUtrted a school in tJan_ Francisco.
When California v.as admitted into
the Union he originated in a general
k way the present public school system.
r He has devoted his life to thfc cause
of education and has written several
book? on that subject. He is spending-
Ihe evening of his life here and al
though he has devoted his life to th*»
service of the public he now has but
litUe means.
JAMES C. PEXTOX TAKES
CARBOLIC ACID BY MISTAKE
The result of- the test shows that, in
ease of, trouble with boats under water,
the crews could find an exit in this
manner and -that the danger of injury
would be , very . small.
NEWPORT. R. I., Dec. 23.— An im
portant test was made with one of the
submarine torpedo-boats a few days
ago, which sets at rest'ths idea that it
would be impossible for the crew of. a
submarine boat to escape if anything
were to happen to the boat while sub
merged. It was suggested that the
men could escape through the torpedo
tube at the bow of the boat, but many
naval officers thought this could not be
accomplished without Injury. It was
finally decided to have a test in this line
and two . large dogs were secured ' as
subjects.
The Holland boat Shark, attached to
the torpedo statjon, was selected for the
test;' and, "under the command of Lieu
tenant C. T. Nelson, went out into the
bay. After the craft was submerged,
one of the dogs was placed fn the tor
pedo tube, a wooden wad placed behind
the animal and the whole expelled in
the same manner as a torpedo. Many
thought that the force of the com
pressed-air charge wouU kill the ani
mal, but it came to the surface and
swam ashore as if nothing had oc
curred. The other dog was then ex
perimented upon and it 'likewise came
to the surface uninjured.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
The younger officials and the news
papers discuss the possibilities of an
alliance between Chlna.and Japan, but
the only available Chinese troops are
the -13.000 Japanese-trained men of
Yuan Shal Kai (t\ho was recently ap
pointed commander of the imperial
army and navy). — ••-• mijrht fight under
foreign leaders, but whose present of-
PEKING, Dec. -'3.— The optimistic
feeling in some quarters concerning war
between Japan and Russia is not
shared by the. other diplomats at Pe
king, whose knowledge of the present
situation entitles their opinion to the
highest consideration. It is positively
known that the Japanese Government
has drawn the line for a settlement,
beyond wfiich it will not make any ma
terial concessions, and that it is deter
mined to fight before yielding what it
considers to be Japan's vital interests.
It is believed that unless Russia con
cedes important points, another ex
change of notes will precipitate the
crisis.
It is also believed that Japan will
refuse any arrangement holding in
abeyance the question of the evacua
tion of Manchuria, which was one of
the terms of the proposed arrangement
recently announced from St. Peters
burg and which, it Is now supposed,
was intended by the Russian Govern
ment as a "feeler." This would be' a
violation of express pledges given to
Japan and China. Minister Uchlda is
reported ¦ to have said he would be
obliged to resign his post in the event
of such an agreement.
The most dangerous factor in the
situation is the confidence of the Rus
sian officials in the Far East that a
war would mean an easy victory for
Russia and the challenging tone of the
Russian officials and newspapers.
The intelligent Chinese officials await
developments with the deepest anxiety.
They foresee the many perils menac
ing China in the event of war and the
possibilities that a partition of the em
pire may result from China's inability
to maintain the neutrality of her har
bors and subjects.
JAPAN WILL. NOT RECEDE.
Diplomats in Peking Expect War Un
less Russian 3Iakcs Concessions.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.— Rear Ad
miral Walker to-day informed the Pres
ident that in his opinion it would be ex
pedient to leave to the marines the pro
tection of the republic of Panama, and
that it was unnecessary to increase the
force of marines already in Panama or
in isthmian waters. Regarding the
health of the marines, Rear Admiral
Walker told the President tljat it could
j scarcely be better. He said that while
the marines were welcomed and their
presence was realized to be for the best
interests of the republic, the sending
of regular troops might cause a feeling
of uneasiness.
Despite the peaceful report made by
Rear Admiral Walker, the probability
is that two more battalions of marines
•will sail next week on the Dixie from
I Philadelphia for Colon. It is felt at the
Navy Department that it will be well
to have a sufficient force in isthmian
' waters to permit of frequent reliefs for
the force ashore. Between now and
Monday the question will be decided
definitely.
The official announcement is made
that General Elliott," commandant of
the marine corps, will go to the Isth
mus, as the administration wishes him
to make a thorough inspection of con
ditions there, both from a military and
a sanitary standpoint- The Dixie will
carry a number of rapid-fire guns.
Commanding the two battalions will- be
Lieutenant Colonel William P. Blddlc
and Lieutenant Colonel L. W. Walter.
Among the other officers selected to go
are Captain C. S. Radford as chief
quartermaster. Captain H. L. Matthews
end Captain E. K. Cole. General El-
Hott will be accompanied by his two
aids. Captain Frank E. Evans and Cap
tain Harry Leonard. It is expected the
Dixie will sail from Philadelphia on
Monday. -.,...
A long cablegram was prepared for
Rear Admiral Glass to-day under the
personal supervision of Secretary
Moody. It was largely one of inquiry
as to conditions on the isthmus and
the probable . need for more marines.
On Rear Admiral Glass' reply witl de
pend to some extent the departure of
the two additional battalions.
"You are hereby instructed to accept
for registration mail 'matter 'properly
prepared and prepaid, addressed to
points in the .republic of Panama, and
to Issue registration receipts therefor."
lie of Panama, through its Minister,
Bunau-Varilla, has filed its first pro
test against the action of a United
States official affecting matters pertain
ing to that republic. In a long dis
patch to the Minister the Panaman
Consul at San Francisco, Feraud, has
notified him that the postal authorities
of that city had refused to accept reg
istered mail or parcel post addressed
to the republic of Panama. The Con
sul states that these authorities insist
.on mail being addressed "Republic of
Colombia."
The Consul refused to comply and
referred the ¦ matter to the Minister,
who promptly laid it before Acting Sec
retary of State Loomis. The latter at
once notified the Postmaster General,
asking him to take such steps as would
rectify the action of the San Francisco
authorities.
The Postmaster General, upon receipt
of the "communication from the State
Department, sent the following tele
gram to the Postmaster at San Fran
cisco:
General Elliott Will Sailon the Dixie With Two
Additional Battalions of Marines.
PANAMAS REPRESENTATIVE IN SAN FRANCISCO. WHO HAS
EMERGED TRIUMPHANT FROM AN ALTERCATION WITH THE
LOCAL POSTOFFICE AUTHORITIES.
ward part "of the hold," 'where "most
of the , 1400 steerage passengers were
quartered. So- loud' and tumultuous
became the noise "that the. purser and
the third officer rushed below to learn
its cause. . - -
The scene that met their eyes was
appalling. Men and women, were fight
ing, and struggling like mad to force
open the hatches and get up on deck.
Shouts of "Let us on deck," "The ship
is sinking," "The boat's going down,"
"Let us up, will you?" greeted the of
ficers.
When the fright-crazed people saw
that they would not.be allowed on deck
they broke, out once more in .wild
shrieks, revilings, threatening to attack
the two men.
The officers had to draw. their pistols
to keep, the mob back and the, moment
their backs were turned the \panic
broke out afresh. So '¦¦ uproarious and
fierce did It grow that Captain . KopfC
"went below and finally, after much ex
ertion, "succeeded '.in .calming j the pan
icky steerage pasengers.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— The Hamburg-
American liner Bluecher docked to-day
after the most exciting voyage in the
history of ocean ' going steamships.
During midnight. of the first day out
from Hamburg, while she was running
in a dense fog at only half speed, with
foghorns blowing, she was run into,
port side, by a 1500-ton tramp steamer
and a big hole was stove in her bows.
The forward compartment was flooded
and the ship had to" delay, one day at
Cherbourg to have hew. plates fitted.
The ill luck did not end here, how
ever, for, after leaving Cherbourg, she
ran into a stiff northwest gale and was
tossed and buffeted for the next five
days. ..
On" the night of December 19, when
the fury of tlie storm had reached its
climax and . the - Bluecher was rolling
and pitching, unable to make. any head
way against it, the officers and passen
gers were startled to hear loud "out
cries and groans co.ming fromthe for-
Special Dispatch to. The .Call.
SUBMARINE
CREWS NOT
IMPERILED
GREAT BRITAIN'S DIPLO
MATIC REPRESENTATIVES
IN BERLIN AND PEKING.
Dogs Used in Test of
Method of Escape
From Craft.
Panic in tlie Steerage
of Storm-Tossed
Bluectier.
REVOLVERS
AWE LINER'S
PASSENGERS
The leading financiers know nothing
of any Russian overtures to float a
loan of $125,000,000 in Germany, and
the report to that effect, published by
the Tageblatt in a dispatch from St.
Petersburg is regarded as unfounded.
Sir Frank Lascelles. the British Erny
bassador, who returned here from Ens
land three days asi>, is understood to
have imparted his impression unof
ficially to the German Government
that the British Cabinet apprehended
that war would result if Russia per
sisted in her present attitude toward
Japan. This expression of opinion by
the Embassador was stripped of all
suggestion that Great Britain might
participate, but great significance is
attributed to it.
BERLIN, Dec. 23.— The German For
eign Office, in estimating the probabil
ities of war in the Far East, fixes its
attention at this moment on Great Brit
ain rather than on Japan, for it is rec
ognized that Japan is only waiting for
Great Britain to give the word before
beginning hostilities. A new ami even
portentous element In the situation, aa
It is looked upon here, is the rising feel
ins In. Great Britain that Rus3<a mu*t
yield or Japan and Great Britain ought
to licht ner.
From the highest diplomatic source
it is learned that the German Govern
ment, while refusing to believe that
war is certain, is convinced now that,
if war between Russia and Japan
comes. Great Britain will take a part
in it, because the British Government
looks upon war as possibly the only
means of savins and re-establishing
her position in the East.
The wreck was caused by the break
ing of castings on a carload oi bridge
timbers on a westbound freight train,
which, had passed Laurel Run not more
than fifteen -minutes before the pas
senger train. .The wreck occuried on a"
curA-e and it was impossible for En
gineer Thornley to see far enough
ahead to detect the obstruction on the
tracks/ "The: bis Atlantic-type engine
plunged . into'ithe . timbers at a ¦'.velocity
of sixty miles an_ hour. Thf engine
plowed into the embankment and. the
baggage car v.as thrown intd the
You'chiogheny 'River! " The smoker*«"fol
lowed the engine and lanfJod. squarely
on top of it. This-all<nyed*tha escaping
steam- from' the erig/rie to fill -the car.
The smoker was-packed to" its utmost
CA.USE OFTHE DISASTER.
The moment the cars stopped rolling
there was a wild scene. Many persons
were pinned beneath the wreckage and
screams and cries rent the air. Many
of the injured, in their mad panic,
plunged into the river. Others, pin
ioned beneath the heavy timbers,
pleaded in agonized tones for release.
So terrific was the force of the collision
that nearly every passenger suffered
a moment's unconsciousness, and many
of the able-bodied men were unable to
assist in helping the injured from the
wreck because of having fainted.
The killed ' were mostly foreigners
who were in the smoking car, just back
of the baggage car. They were literally
roasted to... "death, the baggage and
smoker telescoping the engine and im
mediately catching fire. Many of their
bodies are lying burned to a crisp in
the baggage-room of the Baltimore and
Ohio depot, to be removed later to the
undertaking shops in the city.
A peculiar feature of the accident was
the fact that not a woman was seri
ously injured.
Suddenly the engine swerved to the
left and the coaches plunged down
over the embankment to the edge of
the Youghiogheny River.
I'lXMCD UXDER WRECKAGE.
The train was made up of. two bag
gage cars, two day coaches, one sleeper
and one dining car. and at the time
was carrying at the lowest estimate
l£0 passengers. The train plowed along
for a considerable distance and the
cars were torn to pieces, passengers
jumping, screaming or falling from the j
wreck as it tore along. •
The train left Pittsburgthis evening,
running h few minutes late, in charge
of Engineer William Thornley of Con
nellsvillp. When approaching Laurel
Run. over a particularly fine piece of
roadbed, the train was running at high
speed. Suddenly the passengers were
thrown from their seats by the light
ning-like application of the air brakes
and a moment later there was a terrific
crash.
PLUNGES TO RIVER'S EDGE.
Among those injured are the follow
ing: W. II. Hancock, Pittsburg, slight
injuries; J- W. Bromley, North Brad
dock, Pa., slight injuries; Annie Reese.
Greenwood, Pittsburg:. slight bruises;
Thomas J. Dom, lujcmwo^ Pa-, slight
injuries; Conductor- Hergth. the limited
conductor, HazeWood, slight injuries;
\V. Martin. Hancock, Md.. slight cuts
and bruises; J. A. Allfurter. Bealton.
W. Va., seriously injured; Henry Da
vics. Reckwood. Pa., badly injured; W.
E. Linford. East McKeesport. Pa., will
die; William ' Edwards. Cumberland.
Md.; Thomas Tippler. Philadelphia; I
Harry Dovlin, Connellsville, Pa.; W.
H. Stoddard, Connellsville. Pa.; E. P.
Kcifer, Somerset, Pa.; John K. Powers.
South Cumberland; J. W. Altman. Con
nellsville. Pa.; Aaron Verg, East Pitts
burg.
CONNELLSVILLE. Pa., Dec. 23.—
With a terrible crash the Duquesne
limited, the fastest through passenger
train from Pittsburg to New York on
the Baltimore and Ohio, plowed into a
pile of lumber at Laurel Run, two miles
west of Dawson. at 7:45 o'clock to
night. Sixty-three persons were killed
and thirty injured.
Arrest of Two Weil-
Known Women
in Utah.
Late this evening attorneys were en
gaged to defend the women, whose
bonds were placed at $1000 each. It is
t-aid bail will be procured for both to
morrow morning.
Mrs. Green declines to make any
statement in her own behalf and the
physicians attending Mrs. McKinney
•will not permit the latter to receive
inquirers or say anything about the
case.
name of Mrs. Elizabeth Billings was'
forged to a deed fer valuable city lots
in Ogden. The deed was in the names
Of A. C. McKinney and Hugo L. White,
for Elizabeth Billings. It is alleged
that on request of Mrs. McKinuey Mrs.
(Jreen forged the name of Mrs. Billings
to the deed, the property thus being
transferred to Mrs. McKinney. The in
strument was witnessed oy J. M. Kim
ball and was sworn to oefoie Notary
Public Charles Stoutt.
It is said that there are other counts
against the accused women and that
fther warrants will be issued within
a few days.
Mrs. Green and Mrs. McKinney are
both well known in Salt Lake and Og
fien. The former has borne an excel
lent reputation in this city and advices
from Ogden say that her alleged ac
complice is esteemed there. Friends of
the women declare that only one side
of the story has been told and that
v hen the cases come on for hearing in
the courts there will be some sensa
tional testimony on behalf cf the de
fendants. Just what the nature of the
defense will be could not b* learned
to-night, but hints are made of jealousy
as one of the possible factors in the
case.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Dec. 23.-The
first steps la uncovering what may
prove to be extensive real estate frauds
were taken to-day when two well
knonn women were placed under ar
rest, charged with forgery. The ac
iused are Mrs. Leah G. McKinney of
ogden and Mrs. Nettie Green, who has
for some time past resided in Salt Lake
City, but wh-» formerly lived in San
Francisco. Mrs. Green was taken into
« ustody at her home here this morn
ing ar.d was taken to Ogden at noon.
Mrs. McKinney is critically ill with
Typhoid pneumonia. Standing by the
bedside of the sick woman Sheriff Bai
ls: y read the warrant and formally
placed her in custody, although no at
isiup< -wilt bo made to move h«»r. Her
(condition is regarded as critical and
-h may not live to enter the court
rooaii
Tbe complaint against the women
t hargo that on November 30 last ths
Special Dispatch to The Call
Alleged Accomplice, Critically 111
With Pneumonia, Hears War
rant Read in Sickroom;
One ol tbe Accused a For
mer Resident ol San
Francisco.
That Great Britain has decided
to support Japan in a zvar against
Russia is the belief expressed by
a diplomat of high rank of the
German capital, and apparently
confirmed from other sources. It
is said that, St. Petersburg being
determined to force Japan into a
conflict, Great Britain will seize
the opportunity to increase her
sphere of influence in the Far East
and will adhere to the letter of her
offensive and defensive alliance
Zi-ith the Mikado. Russia's reply
to Japan, now ready for delivery,
leaves pending issues still unset
tled.
Tokio Will Not Re
treat From Its
Position.
Engineer William Thornier,
Hazelwood, Pa.
Division Engineer S. G. Hea
ton, Hazelwood, Pa.
Fireman Thomas Cook, Hazel
wood, Pa.
Herman Holmes, Emmelton,
Pa.
Jesse Hlnes, Tarboc, X. C, the
news agent. ¦-.
Charles Lindford, Confluence,
Pa.
Edwards, Pittsburgh
J. W. Martin, Hancock, Md.
Richard Duckctt, Baltimore.
Edison* Goldsmith, ¦ Cormells
vllle, Pa.
Rev. Father Fifelle, pastor or
the Italian Catholic Church
at Connellsville.
Charles E. Sanford, Wilnierd
in~. Pa.
,J. J. Edgerlyi Butler. Pa.
Fifty others, mostly foreign
ers and negroes, who were
riding In the smoking car.
The work of their identifica
tion has not yet begun.
THE DEAD.
War Is Certain Un
less the Czar
Yields.
PinionedPassengers
Jtre Burned to
Death.
FACE TRIAL
ON CHARGE
OF FORGERY
ADMIRAL WALKER COUNSELS
AGAINST SENDING REGULAR
TROOPS TO THE ISTHMUS
BRITAIN WILL BE AN ACTIVE ALLY OF JAPAN
IF THE MIKADO'S GOVERNMENT IS FORCED TO
TAKE UP ARMS IN DEFENSE OF ITS RIGHTS
Every Person in the
Foremost Car
Perishes.
SIXTY-THREE LIVES LOST IN THE WRECK OF A BALTIMORE AND OHIO TRAIN,
WHICH CRASHES INTO DUMBER CAR WHILE SPEEDING SIXTY MILES AM HOUR
T3E THEATEHS.
Alcazar — "Slue Jeans."
California — "?ozv Grandpa."
Central — "Alphosse and Gastoa."
Columbia — "E0U7 Varies."
rischex's— "X. O. IT."
Grand — "A I.it:le Outcast."
Orphensi — Vaudeville.
Tie Chutes — Vaudeville.
VK\C\Z VIVE GENTS.
VOLUME XCV-- KO: 24.
THE WEATSE3.
Torccart rsnde at Sis. Trsn
d-zo fcr tfcirty hoars endisar ct
midsifflit, D6CC3itcr 24:
San Trancisco and vicinity —
Pair Thursday; lig-ht n:rt!i
•prinds increasing- in fcrce.
• A. G. McAZDE,
District Forecaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER - 24, 1903.
The San Francisco CallSALT LAKE, Dec. 23.— James Wiggs,
for whose services as i pitcher the St.
Louis National and the Chicago and
Washington American League clubs
have been" negotiating, has " signed a
contract to pitch for the Salt' Lake
team next year.
Wlggs Will Pitch for Salt Lake.
A deed was placed on rec6rd yester
day covering the transfer from Her
mann Oelrichs to Theresa A. Oelrichs,
his wife, of the Fairmont Hotel prop
erty on the block bounded by. Powell,
Mason, California' and Sacramento
streets. The nominal consideration Is
given at $10 in the deed, which was
recorded at the request of George A.
Knight. The instrument was wit
nessed by A. K. Daggett and Charles S.
Wheeler and was executed by Mr. Oel
richs in" order to vest absolutely the
title to the property in the name of his
si-ife.
Transfers Property to His Wife.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 23. — Mrs. Josephine
Mino of Los G"atos to-day began suit
against the Phoenix Insurance Com
pany of Hartford to recover $2500
claimed to be due under a policy on
19,000 gallons of. wine burned Septem
ber 1 of this year. She also brings an
other suit against the Oriental. Com
pany, for $1100 insurance on cooperage,
etc., destroyed in the same fire. In
each instance she alleges that her loss
was greatly in excess of the amount o(
insurance.
Sues Fire Insurance Companies.
Oregon Millmen Arc Disappointed.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 23.— The news
from San Francisco that* the combina
tion of lumbermen which has fixed
prices in the export trade on lumber
for the past two years~"has dissolved
was received here with great disap
pointment, as it was thought by local
millmen that some sort of a truce would
be effected by the arbitration commit
tee. • Prominent millmen who were seen
to-nisht agree that v the disruption of
the combine will result in the loss of
millions of dollars to the lumber indus
try in the Pacific Northwest.
Noted Mnn\DieM in Copenhagen.
Eric Rltsau, a young Dane residing
in this city, yesterday received a cable
telling of the death of his father, E.
N. Ritzau, director of the Ritzau's
news bureau in Copenhagen. Ritzau's
'news bureau ranks with Reuter's and
Havas'. agencies as newsgatherers of
Europe and was established in 1866
by Mr. Ritzau.
Death Summons Millionaire Merchant
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 23.— D. E.
Richardson, the Chicago millionaire
grain merchant, died at his home in
Monteclto to-night after an Illness of
several months. Richardson has been
a regular winter visitor to Santa Bar
bara for some years past" and two years
ago purchased a fine property in Mon
tecito with the Intention of living there
permanently. He was an enthusiastic
golfer and previous to' his last illness
was a familiar figure oh the Country
Ciub links. i
SEATTLE, Dec. 23.— At the annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Seat
tle Club in the Pacific Coast League
held to-night, Al L. Cohen was re
elected president and Scott Calhoun
secretary. The offices of treasurer and
president were combined and Cohen
will fill both. A resolution was passed
calling for a winning club, no matter
what the cost. 'President Cohen^ will
represent Seattle at the annual meet
ing of the league in San Francisco,
January 2.
Seattle Club Elects Officers.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— James F.
Morley, billiardist and manager of the
champion baseball team of the. Pacific
Coast League, equaled a world's billiard
record to-night on a standard flve-by
ten table. Morley drove the cue ball
against eleven cushions. This feat is
said to equal that of Slosson, the
famous billiard expert, made several
years. ago. Morley first made the shot
last Friday night before a few specta
tors. As it was discredited by the bil
liard sharps he repeated the perform
ance to-night after fifteen minutes'
trial.
Morley's Feat at Billiards.
General Barrett is a Democrat and
Charles Rice a Republican, but political
affiliations are hardly ever considered
in Grand,, Army contests for leadership.
It Is noted, however, with more regret
than surprise, that ItX popular elections
both parties turn down the veteran sol
dier.
Politicians take enough Interest In
Grand Army affairs to note where the
honors of leadership are bestowed 'in a
Presidential year. General John C.
Black, thj£ national commander, is a
prominent Democratic statesman. Gen
eral Barrett has not yet attained prom
inence as a statesman, but he has an
excellent record as a soldier in time of
war and an office-holder m time of
peace.
It Is remarked in Grand Army circles
that General Shafter has displayed en
ergy and ability as a department com
mander. He has visited many of the
posts throughout the State and will
visit many others before his term of of
fice expires.
Grand Army men living north of the
Tehachapi range are receiving many
letters from Southern California in
which the candidacy of Charles Rice
of Riverside for department command-'
er, to succeed General Shafter. is com
mended. The encampment will be held
in Los Angeles next April. General A.
W. Barrett, formerly of Los Angeles
but now a resident of San Francisco,
will be supported for commander by
many delegations. It is common talk
in Grand Army posts of Northern and
Central California that the south is en
titled to the honors this year, but it is
added that the comrades dwelling south
of Tehachapi cannot win with two can
didates in the field. Success, will read
ily follow a union of forces In favor of
one aspirant.
General Barrett Is an old-time South
'ern Callfornlan. He was a resident of
Los Angeles when Governor Budd ap
pointed him to the office of adjutant
general. As Bank Commissioner his
appointment was accredited to the
south. He has quite a large personal
acquaintance in Los Angeles, and his
friends there continue to regard him as
a citizen of that city. , f
Makes Sensational Discovery of Gold.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 23.— Specimens
of gold were found this mornipg in the
heart of this city which will go thou
sands of dollars to the ton. The dis
covery was made by Leslie Tracy, a
lad employed in the Tidings office.
Tracy was sent into the back yard to
clean up the premises, and while shov
eling some trash away struck a chunk
of quartz. Its peculiar look caught his
eye and he washed away the coating of
clay, discovering that the rock was fair
ly yellow' with gold. Since (hen other
pieces have been picked up where the
find was made, and arrangements are
being completed to sink on the ground
to see if a vein exists. The find has
caused great excitement.
Two Candidates in the Field
to Succeed General Shafter
as Department Commander
CAPE HAYTIEN, Dec. 23.— A Do r
minican warship is bombarding Puerto
Plata.
Puerto Plata, a Port in Santo Domin
go, Undergoing a Bom
bardment.
WARSHIP IS HURLING
SHELLS AT A CITY
LEADERSHIP
IS THE ISSUE
rey County mystery has been solved.
About twelve months ago an eccentric
old German, John G. Kloughman, ,who
is also known as John Klarman and
as "Dutch John," suddenly disappeared
from his cabin near the Los burros
mines, where he had been at work. As
several weeks of strict search failed
to reveal his whereabouts, it was
thought that he had been crossed in
something and had walked to Soledad
and taken a train for other parts. He*
was almost forgotten, when yesterday
afternoon William Crinkshank, while
out hunting, noticed some clothing in
the bushes just off the t trail near
Klc-ughman's cabin and proceeded to
make an investigation. To his horror
he discovered the bones and clothing
of a man and through the latter iden
tified the remains as those of "Dutch
John." The bones were strewn around
as though the body had been torn by
vultures and beasts of prey. •
SALINAS, Dec. 23.— Another Monte-
Discovery Made by a Hunter Explains
the Strange Disappearance of an -
- Eccentric Old German.
FINDING OF BODY SOLVES
MONTEREY COUNTY MYSTERY
PERSONAL
Attorney W. H. Hatton of Modesto
is at the Lick.
Dr. C. A. Emery of Tuolumne is at
the Occidental. .
Dr. H. O. Bathos of Chicago is reg
istered at the Lick.
Dr. Cary Keith, a capitalist of Bos
ton, is at the California,
Colonel M. W. Mather, manager of
the Plumbago mine near Nevada City,
Is at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Parker Whitney ar
rived from their home in Rocklin yes
terday and are registered at the Palace.
T. M. Scumacher, traffic manager of
the Oregon Short Line, arrived from
Salt Lake last night and la at the Pal
ace.
John F. Davis, who was recently" ap
pointed Code Commissioner of Califor
nia, has established the office of the
commission in the Crossley building of
this city.
Hanlon Cuts Out Severe "Work.
Eddie Hanlon did not put in such a
strenuous day yesterday as has char
acterized his work during the last ten
days. He did not indulge In the fierce
slam-bang mix-ups with his tralnera
that have caused the many who have
witnessed the little fellow in training
to think that the go was a real prize
fight. Hanlon went on the read tn the
morning as usual with Harry Foley
and sprinted and walked seven miles.
In the afternoon he Indulged in bag
punching, rope-skipping, shadow box-
Ing and several rounds of boxing with
Fred Landers and wrestling with the
muscular Foley. From tni3 en Eddie
means to let*up In his training grad-_,
ually. By Monday he says he will b«L\
In as fine fettle as he has ever been on "
the eve of a fleht-
LONDON, Dec. 23. — "Madame
Sherry" was produced at the Apollo
Theater to-nig,ht under the joint man
agement of Charles Frohman and
George Edwardes. Though the play
was heavily handicapped by the ab
sence through illness of two of the
principals, Hilda Moody and Mark
Klnghorn, it went with a swing from
the start to the finish and in no way
disappointed the public, which always
expects good things from this dual
management. ' Violet Lloyd, Florence
St. John and Louis Bradfleld, all of
whpm are well known in the United
States, scored, conspicuous successes
in their respective roles. "Madame
Sherry" may now be considered as an
other addition' to Charles , Frohman's"
successes in London.
"Madame Sherry" Wins Plaudits of
-London Audience, Although Two
Principals \Are Absent.
ONE MORE SUCCESS
FOR CHARLES FROHMAN
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— Ascot Park,
Los Angeles' new racetrack, is con
fronted with a possible boycott, the re
sult of a determination on the part of
,the management not to employ mem
oers of a labor union exclusively in
any department. of the place.
Employment in the park is closed to
union men, according to a committee
which was appointed to interview the
racing association officials with a view
to obtaining consent for union waiters
to work in the restaurants that will be
part of the new resort. The committee
says it was informed by the Ascot man
agement that instructions had been
given not to hire. members of any labor
organization. Whether or not other un
ions will be drawn into the matter has
not been determined.
Secretary Lemuel Biddle of the Coun
cil of Labor says the subject is sched
uled to come before that body at a
meeting to be held this evening. He
had not learned to-day w ; hat the report
of the grievance committee appointed
for the purpose of interviewing the
park officials will be.
The Ascot Park officials gave it as
their opinion that the association's
rules will not be changed. The resort
will be open to union and non-union
men aliko in all departments where la
bor will be employed.
Union Labor Exclusively.
Management Decides Not to Employ
MAY BOYCOTT ASCOT PARK.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The Secre
tary of the Interior to-day refused the
application of the city of San Francisco
for permission to begin the necessary
construction toward obtaining a water"
supply from the^ Yosemlte National
Park. *
The city proposed to expend about
$39,000,000 on the waterworks, and had
a hearing before the Secretary of the
Interior some months ago, at which au
thority to take the preliminary steps,
so far as they applfed to the park, was
asked.
The Interior Department's adverse ac
tion is based on the fact that the organ
ic act creating the park requires the
government to keep it in its natural
condition.
It was pointed out tliat the law un
der which the application was filed
could grant' only a temporary privi
lege which would be revocable at the
will of any future head of the depart
ment. The city wished to build a dam
at the end of Hetch Hetchy Valley and
convert that valley into a reservoir.
It was also proposed to dam up the
end of Lake Elenor. The department
holds that such works would obliterate
or deface the natural wonders of the
park.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 23.— Judge
Kirkpatrick's order for the levy of a
$24,000,000 assessment upon stockholders
of the American Asphalt Company
threatens several capitalists of this and
other rities with financial annihilation.
The decree opens way for suits that
Biay mulct three men — George W. El
kins,, George Crocker and William J.
Latta— in no less a sum than $4,000,000.
It is certain that Elkins and Crocker
eould survive this blow and still have
a few millions on which to live, but
with William J. Latta the disaster
would be complete. Although promi
nent as a successful promoter, Latta,
according to repute, is not a rich man,
and the decreed assessment of $40 up
on each of his 3000 shares in the de
funct asphalt trust foots up a total
that menaces him with ruin.
F. A. B. Widener and his son,
George M., are among the hardest hit
of the original asphalt group. ! The
father stands to lose $2,000,000 and the
son $1,500,000.
Whether or not these suits in recov
ery can be successfully prosecuted re
mains to be determined. Receiver Tat
hall is certain that they can, while the
menaced millionaires say that they will
nght to the last ditch.
George W. Elkins, George Crocker
and William J. Latta have a special
grievance. They claim to have sur
rendered cash to the amount of $2,500,
000 and stock worth $1,000,000 to the
F.iddle-Cuyler Asphalt Company and to
have received nothing in return. It
was taken as an act of restitution and
It is alleged that Elkins, Crocker and
Latta were guaranteed against fur
ther demands.
WANTS MORE MONEY
TO ARMOR THE SHIPS
Secretary 3Ioody Makes Urgent Re
quest of Congress for an Appro
priation of $2,000,000.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21— By reason
of the greater rapidity with which the
new ships for the navy are being ad
vanced to completion Secretary Moody ;
has transmitted to Congress an urgent
request for an appropriation of $2,000.
000 for armor and armament to be made
without delay. The last appropriation
made for armor-' and armament was
based on the amount expended per
month last year, which was $139,708.
Since July last this item has amounted
to $1,109,980 per month, and after Janu
ary 1 the manufacturers of armor have
notified the department that a material
increase is to be made in r their output:,
Secretary Moody also has asked for '
an immediate appropriation of $200,000
to enable, payment to be" made to Cuba
for the land acquired by the United
States for the Guatanamo naval ( sta
tion and to inclose the same within a
wall or fence, according to the terms
of the treaty.
IDAHO STATUTES WILL
BAR GOVERNMENT AID
Assistant Attorney General Campbell
Gives Important Opinion Con
cerning Reclamation. *
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Assistant
'Attorney General Campbell of the In
terior Department has rendpred an
opinion to Secretary Hitchcock sustain
ing the latter in refusing to approve
the segregation of between 40i\000 and
600,000 acres of arid lands in Idaho,
which it was proposed to reeiaim. The
Commissioner of the General Land Of
fice had held that in view of an act
of tho Idaho Legislature of llarch 18,
1901, no further contracts between the
State and the United States could be
entered into so long as the State law
was in force.
This law provides that when a com
pany improved tracts of land by the
building of extensive irrigation canals
and within two years had not found
the necessary settlers for each 160 acres
of land, the lands should be deeded to
the companies making the improve
ments. This was said to be contrary
to the Federal laws. Under the decision
entered the auestion will again come
before the Interior Department at the
expiration of the two-year clause for
settlement of the lands.
capacity arid all of the passengers were
cooked alive. Not a single passenger
in this car escaped and it is estimated
that at least forty of the dead were in
the smoker.
Baggagemaster Thomas J. Baum of
Hazelwood, who was on the wrecked
train, proved himself a hero. With hls ( .
head and body frightfully cut, he man
aged to crawl* from the wreckage .and*
groping his way in the darkness) flag-"'
ged the west-bound passenger train No.
49. He had nothing with which to sig
nal the train except matches, and
these he made use of in his despera
tion, taking off his coat and setting
fire to it. He stopped the train just :
in time to prevent it plunging into the;
wreck and adding further horror to an;
already indescribable disaster.
COLLAPSES ON THE RAILS.
Baum collapsed when he saw he had
succeeded in stopping the train and
when the engine stopped he was lying
within a few feet of it. i"
An operator at "VR" tower on the
Pittsburg and Lake Erie Railroad,
across the Youghiogheny" River, was
the first to send word of the accident
and to send for relief. He was watch
ing the limited as it was speeding
across the river. He saw. the cars pile
high in the air and then sink back on
the tracks. . The screams of the injure^
and dying were plainly^ heard. Jn an
other second he was sending word to
the railroad* officials at Daweoh and
Connellsville. .'
For more than 500 feet both the east
and west bound tracks are torn up.
The engine was completely demolished
and the big 7000-gallon tank on the ten
der was thrown 100 feet ahead from
the wreckage. The baggage car was
thrown into the river, but was only
slightly wrecked.. All of the cars were
derailed and the trucks of all excep^
the diner were, torn completely from*
underneath the cars. Few persons were
seriously injured in the Pullman cars
and the diner, although few escaped ;
without at least some slight injuries. \
SURGEONS HURRY TO SCENE.
As soon as the wreck was reported
in Connellsville all the available physi
cians, were summoned^ including Balti
more and Ohio surgeons, and a special
train was made up and taken in charge
by General Superintendent Sims and
Superintendent Irwin of the Pittsburg
division. The relief train was run at
full speed and t}ie scene of the wreck
was reached at 9 o'clock. The injured
were looked after immediately and
every one was made as comfortable as
possible. They were loaded upon the
relief train and taken to the Cottage
State Hospital here. The dead were
placed in a long row on the embank
ment opposite the wreckage,, and in a
single line thirty-eight forms lay on the
frozen ground" Another row on the op
posite side of the wreckage contained
eleven, and scattered here and there
through the., underbrush were the bod
ies of many who had been able to crawl
from the wreckage but died before aid
reached them.
Under his engine lay Engineer Wil
liam Thornley, mangled almost beyond
recognition. It was impossible at the
time to extricate his body, and it will
be several hours before the wrecking
crew will be able to remove the engine
which pinions him' under Its huge mass
of steel.
Hardly had the bodies of the dead
been removed from the coaches before
thieves began robbing the dead of jew
elry and money. Special officers were
deputized, and with the aid of the Bal
timore and Ohio police force and Con
nellsville officers the work of the ghouls
was stopped. Several persons are under
suspicion and arrests will occur, to
morrow.
One man, after rushing into the
woods, came back again, went Into the
baggage car of the relief train and, sit
ting down, said, "My God!" The next
instant he dropped over dead without
another word. There was not a scar
on him. He had inhaled the steam.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
MARINES WILL SAIL* FDR ISTHMUS
CHICAGO 3IAN GETS
A COVETED POSITION
Lawrence O. Murray Is Named by
President to Be Assistant Secre
tary of Commerce.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Lawrence
O. Murray of Chicago has been chosen
Assistant Secretary of Commerce and
Labor. The pelertion was announced
to-day by the President, whj said that
the office had been tendered to and ac
cepted by Murray and that the nomina
tion would be sent to the Senate im
mediately after the holiday recess. The
appointment is made orf the personal
recommendation of Secretary Cortel
you, who has known Murray for a num
ber of years.
CHAMBERLAIN MAN
WINS' OUT HANDILY
Rowland Hunt Has Been Chosen to
Succeed Robert J. Moore in the
Ilou.se of Commons.
LONDON, Dec. 23. — Rowland Hunt,
Liberal-Unionist and a supporter of
Joseph Chamberlain's fiscal policy, has
been elected to represent the -Ludlow
Division of Shropshire in the House of
Commons to succeed Robert J. Moore,
Liberal-Unionist, deceased, by a ma
jority of 970 votes. At the last elec
tion Moore was elected without op
position, but at the previously con
tested election his majority was nearly
4000.
The issue was clear-cut. The con
test was fought exclusively on the
fiscal question. The constituency was
deluged with organizers and speakers
from Birmingham and representatives
from the Free Food League.
COLLISION IN ALABAMA.
eer Fatally Injured.
Colored Mail Clerk Killed and Engin-
MORRIS, Ala., Dec. 23.— The second
section of through train No. 3 of the
Louisville and Nashville Railroad, run
ning one hour and fifteen minutes late,
collided head-on with the Decatur ac
commodation train one-quarter of a
mile south of here this afternoon. The
dead:
HENRY ALLEN, colored mail clerk.
Fatally injured: Hollis Wright, engi
neer train No. 3.
Severely injured: Ike W. Starr, mall
clerk, Nashville: J. A. Williamson, ex
press messenger, Nashville.
Fifteen others were slightly injured.
TRAGIC FINALE TO
FOOLISH SEA TRIP
Master Is Killed at Sea and One Man
Navigates Boat Back Home
in Great Peril.
WELLINGTON, N. Z., Dec. 23.— The
two and a half-ton yacht Kiora, which
its owner, a man named Buckridge,
attempted to sail from New Zealand
to t London by way of* Cape Horn, has
returned here. Buckridge fell from
the mast and was killed when the
yacht was in the Pacific . a thousand
miles from land. His man and sole
companion navigated the yacht back to
Wellington and was in the greatest
peril for weeks, suffering from semi
starvation. Buckridge was 25 years
old. He served in the war in South
Africa and afterward became a mem
ber of the Antarctic expedition on the
exploring vessel Discovery, which was
fitted out by British scientific socie
ties.
GOVERNOR TAFT IS
. SHOWN MANY HONORS
An Enthusiastic Demonstration Marks
His Departure From the Phil- s
ippine Islands.
• MANILA, Dec. 24.— Governor Tart
was given ah enthusiastic farewell to
day. A military guard of honor es
corted him from the palace to the lii
neta, where from a stand Governor Taft
reviewed 5000 troops, followed by a
procession of civilian employes, accom
panied by a dozen bands. Thousands
lined the route of march, and many
delegations came from the outside
provinces^ Scores of boats accompa
nied* Governor Taft's launch to the
steamer, on which he sailed at mid
night.
CONDITIONS SEEM
GOOD FOR DREYFUS
Report of Mercier Has Been Received
and Commission Will Weigh
' It Carefully.
PARIS. Dec. 23. — The Dreyfus Com
mission to-day considered the report
of Victor Mercier. one of the directors
of the Ministry of Justice and' the
reporter of the Dreyfus Commission,
on the evidence submitted by War
Minister Andre. The members of the
commission say the documents in the
case are voluminous and they propose
to thoroughly study them, so that a
decision is not expected to be rendered
for some days. It is generally sup
posed that the commission will sup
port Mercier's findings and that they
are favorable to Dreyfus.
STEA3IKR PREUSSEX
HAS GONE ASHORE
Dispatch Says Vessel " Has \ Stranded
Near Zoulelande During Thick,
Foggy Weather.
LONDON, Dec. 23.— A dispatch to
Lloyd's from Flushing, Holland, says
the German steamer Preussen . is
ashore near Zoulelande. The!weather
is .thick and foggy.
According to the Maritime Register,
the German steamer Preussen, Cap
tain Prehem, sailed from Yokohama
October 31 and" Port Said December 5
for Bremen.
Jurist Resigns Under Fire.
HAVANA, Dec. 23.— Frederico Mora,
a Justice of the Supreme Court, who
has been charged with forging signa
tures in connection with real estate
transactions, has resigned. Public crit
icism of Justice Mora has i been very
strong. \ . _ - - •-¦«•-
Special Rates for the Holidays.
The Southern ' Pacific will ' gall round-trip
tickets at reduced rates Dec 24 and! 25. and
Dec. 31 and Jan. 1 between all local points
Jn California •where regular one-way first-class
fare doe« not exceed *10. Tickets -good return
ing till Dec. 28 and Jan. 4 respectively. Full
information from any ticket agent.
Unsuccessful Ending of the
Long-Fought Scheme of . a
Supply on Tuolumne River
HARRISBURG, Pa., , Dec. 23.—Haz
ards of railroad . life are sharply em
phasized In the annual report-.of I. B.
Brown, secretary of the Department of
the Internal Affairs, in which a parallel
is drawn between the casualties among
railroad employes in this State during
the last year and the Union losses on
some of the great battlefields of the
Civil War. The casualties among steam
railway employes in Pennsylvania for
the year covered by the report were 15,
382. The combined figures for steam and
street railways' show a greater number
of casualties during the year than oc
curred to the Union army in any one of
the great battles of the Civil War.
During the year the number of pas
sengers killed was 41 and injured 1727;
of the employes of the street railway
corporations 21 were killed and 252 in
jured; of other persons 185 were killed
and 1090 Injured, making the total num
ber of fatal accidents on the lines of
these corporations 227 and the total
number of non-fatal 3059.
In discussing the casualties figures
reported by the various roads, Secre
tary Hrown calls attention to "the sig
nificant fact that there was a decrease
in the number of employes injured last
year, as compared with the year be
fore.
More Than 2 2 7 Persons Met
.Deaths on the | • Lines of
Pennsylvania Last Year
MIGHT MAR THE BEAUTIES
STATEMENT IS SIGNIFICANT
Liability of Elkins, Crocker and
Latta Alone Amounts to Sum
Approximating $4<,000,000
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 23.— Rev. J. N.
Sheridan of the Congregational church
at Bessemer, the steel works suburb,
owes his life to his large mastiff dog
for able and timely assistance in re
pulsing an attack of ruffians who tried
to invade., hja. home.
Rev. Mr. Sheridan has bwn having
a war with a certain rough element and
has shown much boldness in efforts to
suppress bad conduct, and this night
raid on his house is attributed to mem
bers of the gang. Alarmed by the bark
ing of the dog late in the night Sheri
dan, who had armed himself for the
threatened attacks, found that several
armed men were trying to get the door
open. He ordered them away and was
fired^ upon. The clergyman returned
the fire, and immediately a volley of
shots -poured Into the .house. Several
more shots were exchanged, but in the
darkness no one is known \o have been
hit pn eith'er side. The enemy ( with
drew, but some further development of
the persecution is anticipated.
Minister Had Incurred the
Enmity of Rough Citi
zens Who Sought Revenge
Right of San Francisco to
Have Water Source in .the
National Park Is Denied
Thai* iii Civil War Battles
Statement Shows That Casualr
ties in Accidents Are Greater
SEVERAL SHOTS ARE FIRED
MILLIONAIRES WILL FIGHT
WATER SCHEME
KNOCKED OUT
HAZARDOUS LIFE
IN RAILROADING
Faithful Mastiff Alarms a
Clergyman at Night When
Kuffians Attack His House
Court Order Levying Assess
ment of $24,000,000 Upon
Asphalt Stock Appals Holders
RICH MEN FACE
FINANCIAL RUIN
MASTER'S LIFE
SAVED BY DOG
SIXTY-THREE LIVES LOST IN WRECK
. OF A BALTIMORE AND OHIO EXPRESS
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' -CALL?, THURSDAY, DECEMBER .24, 1903,
COLON. Dec 23.— The United States
cruiser Olympia arrived here to-day.
Other United States warships now in
the harbor are the Mayflower, Prairie,
Atlanta, Bancroft and Nashville.
Cruiser Olympia at Colon.
Gunboat to Convoy Torpedo Flrct.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.-U was an-
nounced at the Navy Department to
day that the gunboat Btnnington
would convoy the torpedo-boat destroy
ers Preble and Paul Jones from San
Francisco to Panama.
VALLEJO, Dec 23. — The receiving
phip Independence has supplied 157
men to the cruiser New York in San
Francisco harbor. They were taken
down on the tug Unadilla and upon
their arrival at Panama will be dis
tributed among the vessels of the fleet
there. The navy yard hag also sup
plied the New York with 600 tons of
coal, which was towed down on two
barges. Lieutenant Theodore C. Fen
ton has been transferred from the tor
pedo-boat destroyer , Paul Jones and
ordered in comand of the destroyer
Preble.
Cruiser New York Being CoaJod.
feeling in Colombia would subside.
Dispatches, however, from President
Marroquin and influential Colombians
have caused him to hasten his work
and it is his present intention to return
to Colombia and assume personal com
mand of the army as soon ap he has
filed his statement at the State Depart-
XUcJiV*
2
SEE THE PICTURES
"A LITTLE TRAITOR
TO THE SOUTH" ".
CONCLUDED IN THE
NEW YEAR EDITION
OF THE
y NEXT SUNDAY CALL . j
A Guaranteed Cure for Files. . :
ItrhJn*:. Blind, BltedinR- or Protruding Pitei.
four druetrict will refund money if Pazo
Jirumenl I ails to cure >ou In 6 to M days. 60c*
¦ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
uTsTSENATOR FROM ARKANSAS
RECOMMENDS ¦ TWfl&rm
fe^P^ilL/^ «=e> HoN.d.F.Hice. Jfcr fe
» .1*1 UWI rwr> "^yXnOi?^^ ¦ * t *"^*^*^
eRjg^§§-?2^k£32^g^ v Hon B. F. Rice. ex-U. S. Senator
K&M&* ' * rom Arkansas, now a resident of
*Cn^^y ..^ Oklahoma, In a recent letter from
fiy{jry) Washington, D. C. says:
!(<*> HiPb till tarrhal troubles has been so unieer-
w (^ <^^^?^^ r^^^Ss|^^SrS/4£iJkia-Nk^ sally approved and has been used
}*Vj) IIJ: A"":,.*^l^^^'^^^^^iriMsVi^li with such beneficial results by many
'i^l^^rr^^M. of my friends that I fully recommend
its 3 reat curative qualities."— Hon.
' * l&M&K&A^ Hon - B - F - Rlce is only one of
'* S^^^^^^i/{A'f^^ i^%^'i^ ovcr flfty membors of Congress
'^'"^^CsSS^^ tJ-izffit'wjyS^ whr> lndorse Peruna. Prominent
O<S> ITlf%n anrt wnms " all ov-pr the Unit-
* B^5'C^^ & ' ed States indorse Peruna.
Catarrh Poisons. desirable effect, and that remedy is Pe-
Catarrh is capable of changing all the runa - This r^edy strikes at once to the
life-giving secretions of the body into roota of catarrh by restoring to the ca-
scalding fluids, which destroy and in- £ illary vcssels healthy elasticity,
name every part they come in contact Peruna is not a temporary palliative, but
with. Applications to the places affected a rf^ 1 " 511 cure -
by catarrh can do little good, save to Send for Dr - "artman's latest book,
soothe or quiet disagreeable symptoms. 8ent free for a snort tJme - Address The
Hence it is that gargles, sprays, atom- Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. Ohio,
izers and inhalants only serve as tempo- 2 If >' ou do not de rive prompt and satis-
rary relief. So long as the irritaing secre- * actor r results from the use of Peruna.
tions of catarrh continue to be formed so wrlte at onc * to Dr - Hartman. giving a
long will the membranes continue to be £•" statement of your case, and he will
inflamed, no mater what treatment is vTce^ati! * valuable ad -
used - - , Address Dr. Hartman. President of The.
There is but one remedy that bas the I Hartman. Sanitarium, Cuiuinous, onto.
Ask Your Druggist for a Free Peruna Almanac for 1904.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Christmas Stationery.
-. 4p
I'm offetiBK s 9a» lln« ct Fancy Holiday
Stationery in beautiful Christmas boxes.
Latest deslffis and ttylc* as low as 5Oc
p«r box.
Also a line of Stationery Novelties in
Miniature Vaii»es. Trunks. Checker Boards.
Suit Case*. Writing Desk*. «te. Prices u
low a* if l.OO.
A beautiful tins ot Holiday Calendars tor
THAT MAN PITTS
T. w. PITTS.
1OO8 MARKET STREET,
Above Powell,
SAX FRAXCISCO.LEADING SINGERS OF THE NEW TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE WHO WERE GIVEN' A SPLENDID RECEPTION
LAST NIGHT BY THE MUSIC LOVERS OF THIS CITY UPON THE OCCASION OF THE OPENING OF
THE NEW TEMPLE OF MUSIC.
.Death Calls a Manufacturer.
ROCKEVILLE. Conn., Dec. 23.—
George Sikes, widely known as a
woolen manufacturer, died to-day,
BOSTON, Dec. 23.— Congressman W.
S. McNary announced to-night that at
the " meeting of the Democratic State
Committee next month he would pre
sent a resolution in favor of the candi
dacy of Richard Olney for President
and Inviting the cooperation of the
party in other New England States.
Starting a Boom for Olncy.
JANE3VILLE. WU?.. Dec. 23.—Rela
tives of Rudolph McCummings of
Janesville fear the young man has been
shanghaied on board a vessel on the
Pacific Ocean. Young McCummings
left Portland, Or., many months ago.
To-day his mother received a card from
the German Consul at Victoria reading:
'The Asternix, with Rudolph McCum
mings on board, has touched at this
port. If you wish to communicate with
him you must do so immediately, as. the
boat leaves soon for parts unknown."
Tbe card bore the date of Decem
ber 12.
The German Consul was wired to-day
asking; if the young man was detained
I against his will, and requested he be
taken from the boat. Relatives are de
termined to investigate the affair thor
oughly and have asked the^ aid of influ
ential political friends. '
FEAK THEIK RELATIVE
HAS HUES SHANGHAIED
The Princess, who is a daughter of
Don Carlos, the Spanish Pretender,
was reported some time ago to have
eloped with her coachman, but this
was denied from several sources, and
she began divorce proceedings against
Prince Frederick on the ground of
bodily injury and forcible deprivation
of her liberty. The Prince and Prin
cess were married by the present Pope
while he was Patriarch of Venice, and
the Prince and the Princess expect
that the Pontiff will agree to the dis
solution of the marriage.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23— Senator Har.na. who
has been confined to hi« room at the \Va'»dcrf-
AFtcr:a ty a -.-... cold. wa« so far recovered
to-r.lgfct that h« left for 'Washington.
SAN' JOSE. Dee. 23.— The Auto Traction
Company of fen Jos<\ which proposed to in
augurate an auto grocery delivery service, to
•lay began *uit against the t.'niversal Au:o
ij^icbil* Company to reco\er £3750 alleged to
J^ne been paid on a contract for four auto
wagon* which were to have be»n delivered on
December 1. but which have not yet arrived.
Father O'Reilly, spiritual director of
the league, and Father Kennedy were
next called upon and made speeches
fitted to th^e occasion. After songs and
speeches by other members the gath
ering brok* up, all expressing them
selves as having enjoyed themselves
thoroughly.
Lieutenant Williams responded very
neatly. He said that during th« last
year he had done his best to raise the
standard of the band, but the results
achieved had been due not so much to
his efforts as to the painstaking work
of the members.
With kindest Chrijtrr.a* gratings and b*>*t
•wifhes Xor the new year, we are Bincreiv
yours ' " *
E J. BL.ANCHARD. First Sensean'
W. F. SCHOF1ELD. Quartermastrr Serjeant
for the band.
"We realize that its present excellent stand
in? is <1ue entirely to your management and
appreciating as we do your uniform kindne*s
and patience toward u- we aek you to accept
this pold w?tcb nn a rir.all tck»n of our re
pard and esteem, assuring you it will b- our
aim to second your efforts in bringing" our
band to the proud position of second to ncn»
in the State.
The u.-ual monotony of the band re
hearsals of the League of the Cross
Cadets was broken in a very p'easant
manner last evening when E. D. Wil
liam?, the popular leader, was present
ed with a handsome gold watch— the
gift of the members of the band.
Lieutenant Williams was taken
whniiy by surprise. He had been in
strumental in arranging for a little
informal smoker and spread. After tha
wants of the inner man had been at
tended to and pipes lighted Colonel
Power was called upon and made the
presentation speech, a copy % of which,
vith the watch, was presented to
Lieutenant Williams. It was as fol
lows:
Lieutenant E. D. "UiliUrr.*: V.'« the mem
n*r* of th« !>>agu» of th<? Cro«s Cadets band.
*-* 1 *^e *¦} exo^psn to vra In « nm a
sincere appreciation for the deep interest a!iJ
painstaking efforts you have always main
tained in our beh&'.f. Fine* you assumed its
leadership.
BAND LEADER
REMEMBERED
The theater was brilliantly lighted
and rich in gold and artistic decora
tions. Crowded as it was last even
ing, the spectator who gazed upon the
scene of life and color from the top
balcony was carried av.ay by the spec
tacle! The side boxes surrounding the
orchestra, and opening directly into
the foyer, were filled with beautiful
women. In all parts of the house the
fair sex added brilliance to the scene.
It was like a first night of the Grau
grand opera season. Many of the fair
sex were attired in evening costumes
and their escorts were in full dress.
Between acts first nightcs crowded
the cafe and lounging places and dis
cussed the house. Little was said
about the extravaganza, every one
seeming to be ready to say something
nice about the interior furnishings, dec
orations and commodiousness of the
house. Many said the new playhouse
had come in the nick ot time and oth
ers expressed themselves as being de
lighted that this city now ha? a cen
trally located theater that can be
pointed out as an ideal place for the
drama, burlesque or oueral
The audience began to arrive early.
Before 8 o'clock the theater v»-as com
fortably filled and by the time the cur
tain arose for the first act there was
not a seat vacant. Hundreds stood in
the back of the house to watch the
performance and to gaze upon the au
dience- Many came early and went
from floor to floor to examlns :he place.
The view from the top balcony Is a
splendid one and those who filled it last
evening saw the performance from a
point of vantage. The big theater was
nicely heated and the ventilation was
excellent.
"What a glorious place for the Grau
opera season." could be heard on
every side, and this was the highest
tribute that could be paid, for the
grand opera season is after all the one
event in the lives of the music-loving
people of San Francisco.
BRILLIANT SPECTACLE.
The new Tivoli was opened to the
public last night. A more auspicious
opening could not have been desired
by the management. From pit to
dome the handsome playhouse was
crowded by an appreciative audience.
It was a critical gathering, and withal
a charitable one. It overlooked delays
and condoned incidents that brought
discomfort. Instead of complaints and
criticisms the management heard
praise. Kind words were showered on
those interested In the temple of music,
and the praise was deserved. There
is not a handsomer playhouse in this
city, or west of the Rockies. It. is
modern in every particular, and, what
is most important, its acoustics are re
markably good. Every word uttered
by those on the stage, every note of
the catchy music sung or played by
the orchestra could he heard in all
parts of the house. The seats are
roomy, the aisles wide, the seating ar
rangements highly satisfactory.
The opening of the new playhouse
marked an epoch in the annals of the
stage in San Francisco. The bf.st peo
ple in this $lty attended the opening
performance' and admire^ the beauti
ful interior.
/'The musical fame of San Francisco
has been maintained on many an occa
sion by the Tivoli management. Once,
I remeinber very ¦well, and I am sure
you all remember. It; I allude to the
time we were visited by that great
composer, Pietro Mascagni. (Applause*.)
Coming here as he did from Eastern
cities of the United States, that did not
accord him the treatment he should
"Don't be alarmed, ladies and gen
tlemen, I am not going to sing. (Laugh
ter.) I have been asked by the man
agement this evening to say a /ew
words for It and on behalf of the city
of San Francisco on this occasion, the
formal opening and dedication of the
new Tlvoll. San Francisco, as probably
you all know, is known all over the
United States as the greatest musical
city on this continent; not because it
has a musical Mayor (laughter), or, as
some of my opponents in the last cam
paign called me, 'a fiddling Mayor,' but
because the people of San Francisco
know what is and appreciate the best
In musical art. (Applause.)
"This great outpouring to-night is
not only composed of the best citizens
of San Francisco, but is composed of
the music loving: people of the city, j
those who love art for art's sake. The
Tivoli Opera-house in the last -thirty
years has done much to educate the
people in the art of music.
MUSICAL. FAME OF CITY. j
The llsror took his cue, and when
the greeting he received had subsided
spoke as follows:
Ferris Hartman. attired in a box
overcoat and posing as a man of let
ters, strode on the stage after the cur
tain had fallen on the first act. He was
followed by Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz,
who was on the management's pro
gramme to deliver a speech. The Mayor
did not know this until after he had
taken his seat in his box, and the sum
mons to appear behind .the scenes was
as sudden as it was unexpected.
"I wish to introduce," Hartman start
ed out to say. but the applause over
took him and he rhymed his short
speech by exclaiming, "Oh, what's the
use!"
Manager William H. Lejtliy was busy
the entire evening looking after the
comforts of the patrons of the house.
MAYOR SCHMTTZ SPEAKS.
Unlike the old Tivoli the house was
free from tobacco smoke. This inno
vation was greatly appreciated by the
ladies. The true bohemian who likes
to sit and blow rings in the air while
listening to the music of his favorite
opera had to seek the cafe or the
lounging-room on the top floor to
smoke.
An elevator that will carry ten peo
ple without danger of breaking down
or stalling between floors is .1 pleasing
feature of the house. Many availed
themselves of the opportunity to ascend
to the second balcony by modern meth
ods. When the performance was over
there was no crowding. The stairways
are wide and the audience was able
to descend without crushing.
Conductor Paul StcindoriT and his
orchestra received a tvarin welcome
when they took their seats before the
opcrJng of the performance?. Many
handsome floral pieces were s*nt to the
leading peot»!» in the cast. ¦
DRESDEN. Dec. 23.— The court has
dissolved the marriage of Prince Fred
erick and Princess Alice of Shoenburg-
Waldenburg. The court simply an
noilnced the decree of divorce without
"explanation of the reasons. The pro
ceedings were in secret, although no
concealment was made of the fact that
each side accused the other of In
fidelity. m&:
Frederick and Alice of Shoenburg-
Wnldenburjr Allege Infidelity and
. Divorce Is Granted.
COURT SEPARATES
PRIXCE AND PRINCESS
have received, San Francisco opened
her arms and honored him and the
Tivoli management did much to make
the great artist feel that he was at
home and among people whose hearts
beat as warmly as those at his native
land. (Applause.)
"In passing to-night I feel it a duty
to say a word for the orchestra of the
Tivdli Opera-house (applause), that we
in San Francisco have always looked
to as the best of its kind in our city.
We have, had at the head of piafc or
chestra men of world-wide reputation,
but, ladies and. gentlemen. I say to
night that we have never had a more
capable cr conscientious man at the
head of it than we have now in the per
son of Paul Steindorff. (Applause.)
"Now this great temple dedicated to
song belongs to you. It is true that
it will be managed by the Tivoli Com
pany, but it belongs to you and through
your patronage and by the giving or
withholding of it you can. compel the
management to rater to your wishes
and to give you the best. Let us hope
that this outpouring to-night is only
a sample of what will continue, and
let us hope that those who love art
for art's sake will, by their patronage,
show their appreciation of the manage
ment of this place, that has done so
much in the past for music. Ladies and
gentlemen, I thank you." (Applause.)
At the time the first bids were open
ed the suspicion prevailed that a ring
had been formed for the purpose of
forcing the Commissioners i to pay an
excessive price for the work, but if
this suspicion was shared by the
board it did not make known the fact,
although its rejection of the bids
strengthened the ganeral supposition
that it was inclined to take that view
of the matter. At -all events, it -was
satisfied that the bids were excessive
und this conclusion was fu!ly con
firmed when Gray Bros, yesterday
« greed to perform the contract for
The Board of Harbor Commission
ers yesterday awarded a contract for
the construction of 60f« feet of ?ea
•wall, to extend north frdm Channel
street, to Gray Bro?., and in accepting
the bid of that firm it clearly vindi
cated its members in their recent re
fusal to act upon previous bid? for
the same work. £ome weeks ago the
board opened a number of bids, the
lowest of which was SI 11.100. As this
bid exceeded by a large figure the esti
mate of the harbor *>r.gineer, the Com
rr.i«ior.er?. after a careful considera
tion of the matter, finally rejected all
of them and advertised again on the
same proposal, wiih the result that
the State is saved J1T.700.
Harbor Commissioners Vindicate Their
Jlecent Rejection of Bids for the
Construction of Sea Wall.
LARGE SUM OF MONEY
IS SAVED TO THE STATE
Patrons Praise Management for Giving Public a Modern
and Sumptuous Temple of Music.
Much^ must be allowed for. though.
Ape will doubtless improve the specta
• •">. As it is hot. however, it looks as
if every one but Teddy Webb had left
their fun up at the o!d Tivoli. Even
Ferris Hartman looked afraid of the
fresh pa!nu But the piece itself hardly
Cives the roral cast a chance. It is
bald of humor and story. Or.» gets fine
feathers, in fact, instead of fun. and
the substitute is a poor one.
But they are very fine feathers. Noth
: -r.s like this Christmas spectacle was
ever siven at the old TJvoli. The bal- !
et» are charmingly designed, and well
rried oct. There is a chorus and
¦mpany numbering altogether 150 peo- I
p>. and the groupings and costumings j
a of most picturesque and pretentious |
Ther^- is a cast that includes
Arna Lichter. Arnie Myers. Bessie
Tacaehin, Arthur Cunningham. Wai
lac* Bro-WTdow, William Schuster,
T>ddy Webb and Ferris Hartman. No
wonder that Mr. Meyerfeld, looking
• •\rr the Eastern field for new talent.
The prettiest theater in town opened
last night, its name the new Tivoli.
There wasn't a thing to remind of tbe
farrous old house across ths way only
Frederick McGreer's fine drop curtain.
The cheerful— and kippered— scarlet
and green of it has given way to a
delicate pistache and goia, the crook
kr.ee chairs to luxurious eeats, the
small stage to the Becond largest In
town, and the queer old auditorium to
one of the finest in America. For the
must of thirty years* beer and smoke
there is the smell of fresh paint, for
the crush of the tiny old foyer the
spaciousness of fine promenades. There
are perhaps half a dozen seats In the
house from which the sta^e may not
be fully seen; there are none where
everything may not be admirably
heard. Acoustically the new theater
is as fine as the Gr,eek Theater in
Berkeley. Ferris Hartman even looms
up as something within shouting dis
tance cf a barytone. Can more be said?
Everybody -was there, three thousand
of them, comfortably crowded into the
new theater. The play was not the
thing last cfght— rather luckily for
* Ixion." It was the theater. It was
the opening night of a house that from
its heredity should make history of the
noblest for our city. And nobody
missed it who was able to get in.
Musicians, theater managers and the
great army o' music lovers were out
:n force, with the Mayor at the head.
It was r.or wholly the fault of "Ixion"
that the spectacle fell somewhat fiat.
The occasion was felt to be grand op
eratic. The audience was a grand-op
rra audience, and Mayor Schmitz's
speech pitched in grand-opera key.
And -'Ixlcn" is only a Christmas ex
travaganza and net one of the best in
its present shape that the Tivoli people
have given.
And now one wishes again to the new
house that it may be a worthy descend
ant of the o!d.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
In a day or two. when the piece be
gins to go more aulckly— j t goes now
very smoothly— ard Mr. Hartman in
jects a few gags and jok»s, -Ixion"
will doubtless be much funnier. But it
Is as pretty ass it can be now.
But the ballets are the chief attrac
tion of the piece. They are excellently
planned and prettily executed. One,
the -Wines of California," in which
children and young girls clothed in
wine colors dance round a May pole, is
particularly pretty. The -Early Days
of California" is another very success
ful one. It is both elaborate and orig
inal. The lighting effects also are par
ticularly good and the scenery excel
lent.
decided that the old Tivoli comic opera
company was about as good as there
was going.
The additions, however, are valuable.
Anna Lichter is an old favorite and
looking prettier than ever, and Schus
ter's big basso will be handsomely use
ful when he gets something to do with
it. Bessie Tannehill is also favorably
known here for her work with the
Dunne & Ryley company, and Wallace
Brownlow, the new barytone, shows a
good voice, handsome presence and the
ease of experience.
Mr. Stelndorff drew first blood in the
applause. The popular conductor was
warmly cheered as he took up the
baton. Then Annie Myers, -who Is the
Ixion of the cast, came In for a hearty
round. Annie is the same plump and
piquant person as of yore, but even
this' gingery little soubrette cannot do
much with Ixion. Then followed Hart
man, who also hasn't enough to do with
the case, to the tune of a warm wel
come. Each in turn was bo greeted; In
fact, the audience clapped whenever it
had a chance.
Webb has the tingle opportunity of
the piece, and is ravishingly funny as
Minerva, in a blade psyche knot, and
breastplate. He drew the first laugh
and most of tbe rest, and certainly
makes the most of his material. He
has some good songs; one particularly,
"Oh. Be Careful," was hilariously en
cored. Arthur Cunningham has an
other good song. "When Jupiter Leads
His Own Brigade." He is in fine form
and set the heels stamping to his spirit
ed song. Wallace Brownlow Is cast as
Apollo and has no great chance to show
his mettle. He has a pleasant, rather
light barytone, and as before said, the
manner of an accomplished actor — also,
a penchant for stepping upon trains.
Anna Lichter's one song was one of the
bright spots of the evening. She is cast
as Juno— though it makes no • differ
ence. Others of the cast are Eunice
Gliman. a clever small girl; Aimee Lei
cester. Flora Norris. Nettie Deglow and
a tiny premiere danseuse. Baby Agnes
Russell.
Theater Is Opened With Christmas
Spectacle That Pleases
Big Audience.
Handsomely Gowned Women Fill
Auditorium and Present
Animated Scene.
Bonnet. Dr. John Morrissey. Mr. and
Mrs. M. A. Lang.
Mrs. 'A. E.. Coxen. Miss Coxen. Bert
Coxen. John Hind. A. Friedlander. John
Lynch. Jeremiah Burke, Mme. E. Tojetti.
Guldo Musto. Laura Musto, Mr. and
Mrs. John P. Barrett. Miss Tillle Lo
wenthal. Mr. and Mrs. M. Dannebaum.
Dr. and Mrs. E. L. PerrauU. Miss May
Schlessinger. Joseph Gottlob. Melville
Marx. Mr. and Mrs. Archie Levy. Ho
ratio Stoll. Charles Farrell. Dr. E.. S.
Howard and wife. Dr. and Mrs. Durbin
Miller. T. J. McLaughlin. Mr. and Mrs.
Andrew Christiansen. Mr. and Mrs.
Alexander Center. Mr. and Mrs. Daniel
Barr. Mr. and Mrs. E. Oppenheimer.
Sam Jacoby. Mr. and Mrs. J. Looney. N.
Ahrens. E. Getz. J. Liebes. Mr. and Mrs.
Claus Spreckels. Mr. and Mrs. Arnold
Pollak. S. S. Alton and party. Mayor E.
E. Schmitz. C. L. Ackerman and party.
Ed Ackerman and party, M. Meyerfeld
Jr. and party. Mrs. Ernestine Kreling
and party. Mr. and Mrs. Lecn Juda.
Mr. and Mrs. David ¦ Davidson. M.
Brown and family. A. Brown and fam
ily. Mr. and Mrs. Abrahams. Miss Pearl
Abrahams, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Day.
James Leahy and party. Charles Krause.
William McCormack and friends and S.
P. Moore.
OREGON* LEGISLATORS
COMPI^ETE TIIEIR LABORS
Re-enact the Old Tax Law and Appro
priate $100,000 to Purchase Right
of Way for a Canal.
SALEM, Or.. Dec. 23. — The extraor
dinary session of the State Legislature,
called primarily to enact remedial
laws to the tax laps, which in thfir
present state fail to provide for levy-
Ing and collecting any taxes for the
ensuing year, came to an end just be
fore midnight to-night, after re-enact
ing the old tax law, appropriating
$100,000 to purchase a right of way
for the Government's ship canal
around The Dalles of the Columbia
River and passing a number of bills
of minor importance. Many of th«
members of the House have left for
their homes and to-morrow will see
the last of them depart. A bill to
place the Governor and other S^ate
officials on a flat salary was pas3ed
by the House to-night, but when it
came to the Senate it went down to
defeat. An act designed to regulate
railroad transportation and traffic,
principally to compel railroads in
Oregon'to furnish cars for movement
of freight, with a penalty of $10 for
each day"s delay after cars are order
ed, -was killed in the House. The anti
gambling bill, a radical measure pro
viding extreme penalties for violation,
which passed the House this afternoon
by a bare majority, failed when it
came before the Senate.
Congressman Davcy Is III.
BAKER CITY. Ore.. Dec. 23.—Repre
sentative Frank Davey of Marion coun
ty, who has been in Eastern Oregfor
nearly two weeks organizing lodges of
a fraternal order, returned from the in
terior a few day3 ago and has been con
fined to a hotel here ever since. He ia
better to-day and will return to Port
land to-morrow.
The audience at the opening of the
new Tlvoll was thoroughly representa
tive. It was cosmopolitan in the ex
treme, just such an audience that San
Francisco turns out to do honor and
justice to any great adjunct that is
put forth for the city's enlightenment
and aggrandisement. Every phase of
character was there. The leading
lights from the musical, social and lit
erary world were all there in large
numbers. Among those in the great
audience were:
Mr. and Mrs. Crellins (Madame d'Ar
ville) and party, which included: Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Dean, Miss Emily Ha
ger, Miss Ethel Hager, Mr. and Mrs. T.
Van Ness, Miss Daisy Van Ness, W. T.
Sproule, Horace Platt and Louis L.
Wilson.
Judge C. A. Lowe, Judge and Mrs. T.
F. Graham. Judge Sanderson. Judse
Lawlor. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Maedonald.
Mr. and Mrs. James F. McNulty. S. Ben»
hard and family. Mr. and Mrs. William
Cluff and family. Mr. and Mrs. Holbrook
and party, William Newhouse. -Hugo
Newhouse, Mr. and Mrs. A. Kutner. M.
Levy, Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Alexander.
Mrs. L. G. Carpenter, Phil Beel. James
Fenell and party. Christopher Schmidt.
Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Meyerfeld, Herbert
Meyerfeld. William Greenbaum, Mr. and
Mrs. Louis Roesch. Rabbi M. S. Levy,
Colonel R. de Clalnnont, Charles Brown.
Judge Frank Dunne, John Coghlan,
Julius Brownstein. Ed Hamilton. Ashton
Stevens, Mr. and Mrs. James Prior, Mr.
and Mrs. D. Hirsler, William H. Metzen.
Louis F. King, James P. Wainright. Dr.
and Mrs. D'Ancona. Frank Marston. Dr.
.Grant Selfridge. Leo Alexander. L. Auer
bach. Pietro Marino. Mr. and Mrs. JE. L.
Head. Dr. William Friedhofer, Adolph
Cahen. A. M. Speck. John McNaught.
Michael Alexander. Mr. and Mrs. John
Ledwig. Mr. and Mrs. H. Bier. S. Kla
renmeyr, Mr. and Mrs. Max Gans, Miss
Mildred Newman. Mr. and Mrs. Chris
Schmid. Mr. ana Mrs. J. W. Taber. Miss
Taber, Isidore Meyer. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Goldstein. Dr. T. A. Rottanzi. Louis
Haas. Edward Parker. Robert Foster. C.
F. A. Sturtz. Mr. and Mrs. J. Steppacher,
Mr. and Mrs. Morton L. Cook. Mrs. H.
Grimm. John Hamilton Gilmour. Mr. and
and Mrs. L. Asch. Mr. and Mrs. J. G.
Mansfield. W. L. Sterett. Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Burns, Miss Sylvia Solomon.
Miss Alice Sorrells, Louis Metz
ger, M. F. Perkins. Mr. and Mrs.
L. Newbauer. Mrs. Belle Levy, Mr.
and Mrs. William Duffy. S. L. Ackerman,
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Carson. Mrs. Her
man Perley. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carpy.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin W. Joy. Mr. and
Mrs. Reinhold-Jents. John Mor
risey. A. W. Wolfsohn. Miss
Blanche Partington. Lillian K. Slinky.
Lillian Steil, Mr. and Mrs. F. W. McWil
liams. Mrs. Richard Partington. Samuel
Ackerman. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Marshall.
Herbert Schmltz. George Keane, Mme.
Caro Roma, Archie Rice. Etta Lombard.
Mr. and Mrs. E. II. Horbrook. Mr. and
Mr*. W. F. Bogart, Mr. and Mrs. Al Wal
terstein. Mr. and Mrs. Ben Boaz and
family. Professor E. F. Bonelli. Mr, and
Mrs. *E. P. Heald. Frank Jacott. Peter
Robertson. Dr. Blondin. Edmund God
chaux and the Misses Godchaux. Dr. E.
Lazaro, Rudolph Herold. Judge Frank
Kerrigan. Peter Dunne, Mr. and
Mrs. John Beck. J. Liebes. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Dannenbaum. Mr. and
Mrs. Al Roncovieri. Harry J. Lask.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Brooke. Herbert
Hauser, Dr. and Mrs. .Brackett. Robert
Aitken, A. Ruef. Miss Marlon Ruef.
James Booth. Oscar Lipman aiul party.
Dr. B. F. McElroy. Robert Barton, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Simon. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles S. Wheeler, Mr. and Mrs. 1. F.
MUSIC-LOVING PEOPLE OF CITY CROWD NEW TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
AND ARE HIGHLY PLEASED WITH THE SPLENDOR OF SURROUNDINGS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DFXEMBER 24, 1903.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Last Call
for Christmas Buying
OUR STOCK OF
SMOKING JACKETS and
BLANKET ROBES
has been greatly depleted by the rush of
holiday shoppers during the last few days,
but we still have a few left, o* ;* & j> j*
C To close them out we have cut the
prices decidedly. To-day is your last chance
to get one for Christmas, jt jt jt jt jt
XL We may not have all sizes in every lot,
but you'll surely find something here to suit
your taste. jtjt^>^^^^^.A
NOTE REDUCTIONS
ALL $15.00 JACKETS ....$12.50
ALL $12.50 JACKETS ...$10.00
ALL $10.00 JACKETS..... ...$ 8.50
ALL $ 6.50 JACKETS $ 5.00
ALL $ 5.00 JACKETS.... $ 4.25
ALL $18:00 ROBES $15.00
ALL $12.50 ROBES .$10.00
ALL $ 8.50 ROBES... $7.50
ALL $ 7.50 ROBES $6.00
ALL $ 6.00 ROBES $ 5.00
ALL $ 5.00 ROBES :..$ 4.25
KEARNY AT POST
ADVEBTISEirEIJTS.
Only those who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap, in all the
world.
HstabUsbcd orer too yeara.
An equal good — Schilling's
Best — to maker grocer and
vou. To maker and grocer big
trade and no trouble ; to you,
what you want and no trouble.
Moneyback.SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 2S— Strar Dolphin,
from SUaafway.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 23 — Stair Se
quoia, hence Dec 10. , ¦
Sailed Dec -U — Stmr Coronado, for 8*a Fran
cUca
A thirty-two-dog stake .will be de
cided at the initial meet of the Dixon
Coursing Club at its park j In Dixon,
Solano County, on Sunday. The meet
ing is under the jurisdiction of the Cali
fornia coursing committee. Martin
Kerrigan of this city will act as Judge.
The draw will be held to-morrcw night
at . "The Old Corner," Dixon. Entries
are expected from this city, Woodland,
Vallejo, Vacaville and other towns.
The park is a well appointed one.
Coursing at Dixon.
Eyes— Matched pairs, $20,000; run of
stock, $10,000 the pair; startled fawn,
sloelike, azure, dreamy, googoo and
other romantic varieties going well at
$8750 the pair; not sold singly; black
eyes, no demand but many takers, no
quotations.
Lips— Coral, $5600; ruby, $7400; Mobile.
Savannah and New Orleans, $3333; com
pressed, expressive, tempting and al
luring varieties much sought.
Cheek — No demand; market supplied.
Hearts— Marble, $3 25: noble, $1 75;
true, 50 cents: ducal, $1,000,000 to $40,
000,000.
Feet— All styles, $2680 the pair; $2 ex
tra for breaking a pair.
Hands— Heiresses. great demand;
shortage in supply; no figures quoted:
poker, 25 cents to $10,000; theatrical,
10, 20 and 30.-Chicago Tribune.
Ears — Small to medium, $3000; me
dium to large, $6000; extra large and
odd shaped, $7500 to $9000.
Scalps— Whole, $10,000; thin spot,
$9850; good, bald spot, $6000 to $7000;
fringed, $235.
Noses — Roman, Greek or ancient
Egyptian, $12,675: pugs, in half dozen
lots, $5000; singly, $1000; patrician,
$15,000. \ "
New York Markets.
Titled London Landlords.
Four Deers own the greater part of
the West End of London. They are the
three Dukes of Portland, Bedford and
Westminster, and Lord Portman. The
Duke o£ Bedford draws an income of
£12,000 a year fromthe tolls of Covent
Garden Market, and every orange,
every potato, every bunch, of flowers
that passes through the market con
tributes to his income. The Duke has
118 acres of the metropolis. The Duke
of Portland has 300 acres, covered with
great shops and houses, and the Duke
of Westminster has sold land for build
ing on at £6 10s per "square foot. Lord
Salisbury owns part of the Strand, inyi
eluding the land on which the Hotel^
Cecil and the Savoy Theater stand, and
the Duke of Norfolk is among the gTeat
land owners of the capital.— New York £
Commercial.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— The E. B. &
A. L. Stone Company to-day signed a
contract with the city to construct the
new main foutlet sewer through Thir
ty-sixth street, from Telegraph ave
nua to the bay. Two bonds in $75,
000 each, with a surety company, were
filed by the contractors.
Signs Large Sewer Contract.
Mrs. Joseph Hertzberg, who cams
to this city from New York City about
two months ago, complained to the
police yesterday that she had been de
serted by her husband, and Detective
AntKbny has been detailed to locate
him. After arriving in this city Hertz
berg deposited $2000 in a bank, which
money he drew out and took with
him. He also went to a safe deposit
where his wife had Jewelry valued at
$100 and took it with him.
Hertzberg Departs.
One act drama, "Day Before Christmas" —
Santa Claus. Marguerite McCarthy: teacher.
Marguerite Fitzgerald; Spirit of Christmas.
Bernie McAvoy; Man In the Moon, Theresa
O'Donnell; Euclid, Delia Lavlgetta; Jack of All
Trades. Alma Greerty: Old Father Time. Nel
lie Ward; Aurora Borealis, Ariel Griffin;
Teacher of Botany, Lily Treacy; Jack Frost,
May Kenin; Diana, Katie Cute; Hygea, Delia
Holland; Pupils, Katie Smith. Annie Holland.
Theresa ' Crosby, Annie McNally, . Gertrude
Murphy, Monica HcManls, Nellie Scully. Irene
Kenny, Maggie Dalton. Nora Ready, Mary
O'Brien, Genevleve Drlscoll, Nelson Finn, Edna
McCann. '"¦••-:
Opening chorus, "Come When You Will." by
the school; opening address, Mary Reilly; "Lit
tle Daisies," chorus by mlnimums; acrostics,
Tercy Read, Jeremiah O'Brien, Hubert Bradley,
Eugene Garrison. George O'Conif 11, Willie Mc-
Cann Louis Marshall; recitation, Ada Wall;
eonK," "Merrx Christmas," by the pupils of the
fourth grade. Farce, "Using the Weed — Caste:
Mrs. Bookworm (teacher), Mary Reilly; Claris-
Fa Smithers, Lizzie McPeake; Pauline Smithers.
Gertie Grow; Roberta Smithers. Josie McKee
jran; Mrs. Starch, Cecelia Lefevre; Mary
James, Mary Treacy; Mrs. Young, Annie Lacy.
Song, "Three Little Women" (in character),
Wanda Griffin, Irene Hearty, Margaret Barry;
recitation, in one voice, by the pupils of the
second grade; holly wreath drill. Belle Sicotte
Alice Kenny, Ethel Wright. Anna Farrell, Jes
sie Brierty, Eugenia Ortiz. Mabel Whitney,
Ethel Whitney, Evelyn McAllister, Annie
O'Donnell Rita Lucas, Jeanette Fulcher;
hymn, "Glory to God," pupils of seventh
grade; recitation, "Old Fashioned Christmas,"
Gertid Grow.
Christinas Tree.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — A Christmas
entertainment given yesterday after
noon in the auditorium of St. Joseph's
Institute marked the closing of the in
stitution for the year. The following
programme was rendered by the chil
dren, after which each of the pupils
of the institute received a Christmas
gift:
Pupils Take Part in Programme and
Receive Presents From, a Big
Prepares to Play Los Angeles Eleven
for the Football Championship
of the State.
BERKELEY, Dec. 23.— The Berkeley
High School eleven, champions of the
Academic Athletic League, left this
evening for Los Angeles, where it will
play a game against the Los Angeles
High. School eleven for the champion
ship of the State on Christmas day. The
eleven has been training faithfully for
a month and hopes to defeat the South
erners. The line-up will be as follows:
John Patton Jr., captain and left half;
Fred Shingle, right end; Robert Sduey,
right tackle; Vincent Witcher, right
guard; George R. Kerr, left guard; El
bert Solinsky, left tackle; Steele, left
end; Nicholas Duggan, right half;
James Schaeffer, quarter; Philip Hack
ley, right half; Melnot Peck, center.
Mrs. P. Roberts, a woman aged 30
years, was taken to the Emergency
Hospital yesterday afternoon from her
room in a house at 450 Ellis street.
The woman was found in her room
with the gas turned on and it was evi
dent that she had attempted suicide.
The doctors at the hospital also say
that the woman had evidently taken
some kind of poison. A receipt from
a: Sutter-street employment office
showed that she Jiad paid (2 on De
cember 9. 'for -a position as waitress
at a place called Cortland, near Sacra
mento. Despondency over inability to
secure employment is believed to have
been the cause for the woman's rash
act.
Woman Attempts Suicide.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Ferdinand
M. Kruse, 27, and Kate H. Behrens,
23, both of Pleasanton; Gwynne H.
Sharrer, 29, Milton, and Leslie A.
Grinnell. 25, Berkeley; Thomas R.
Curry, 30, Martinez, and Annie Keat
ing, 26, Oakland; Thomas W. Rankin,
S3, and Pauline King, 26, both of San
Franc'Sio; William S. Elder, over 21,
Oakland, and Jennie E. Wyman, over
18, Suisun; Harry P. Bray, 29, Oak
land, and Levena N. Nankervis, 24,
Lop Angeles; Sanford H. Hansen, 54,
Oakland, and Mary Eshilman, 52, Col
orado bprings; Arthur G. Saunders,
38, Oakland, and Libbie Rlnes, 33,
San Francisco; John M. Burke, 21,
San Francisco, and S. Florence Doug
las, 18, Berkeley; Christian P. Peder
sen, 28, and Edith S. Strandberg, 22,
both of Oakland.
3Iarriage Licenses.
SAYS HUSBAND WILL
STEAL THEIR CHILD
East Oakland Improvements.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — Charles L.
Welch, president of the Independence
Square District Improvement Club, has
submitted his annual report, which out
lines at* some length the work accom
plished during 19J33. Notably President
Welch dwells upon the Improvement of
Fourteenth avenue (Commerce street).
In this connection he says:
"It is the intention to grade, on the
east side. East Seventeenth, Nine
teenth, Twentieth and Twenty-first
streets from Commerce street to Six
teenth avenue, and to grade and mac
adamize East Sixteenth street from
Thirteenth to Fifteenth avenue, all on
the district assessment plan. Albert
Schmidt has in hand the project of im
proving East Fifteenth street from
Thirteenth to Fifteenth avenue by pri
vate contract. These improvements ac
complished will open up this district in
a manner that a year ago seemed im
possible of doing in less tfian eight or
ten years."
Mrs. Delia Trelease Asks Court to
Appoint Her to Act as Daugh
tvr's Legal Guardian.
OAKLAND. Dec. 23. — Delia Tre
lease asked the court to-day to ap
point her legal guardian of her nine
y^ar-old daughter Emma. The peti
tioner alleges that the father of the
child, William H. Trelease, a mine
owner of Arizona, is trying to steal
her. The pair have not lived together
for some time, but they are not di
vorced.
Notice of. an appeal from the decis
ion rendered by Judge Melvin ex
empting—Professor. Frank Spule from
paying his former wife; Ella Bacon
Soule, $70 a month alimony, has been
filed.
Flora Wallace has been granted a
divorce from George Wallace on the
ground of desertion. She was award
ed the custody of their three children.
Funeral of Brother Venantius.
OAKLAND. Dec. 23.— The funeral
of Brother Venantius, who died at St.
Mary's College Monday, was held in
the college chapel this morning. A
requiem mass was said, with Father
Sullivan of San Francisco as celeb
rant. Father Morrison of St. Mary's
deacon, and Father Carmwell of the
college sub-deacon. There was a
large attendance of priests and broth
ers who came to pay their respects to
the dead. The interment was. at St.
Mary's Cemetery and the following
brothers acted as pall bearers: Broth
ers Lewis. Timothy. Gregory. Dictu
rian and Peter. <.¦*,
Oakland Deaths.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — Cyrus D. Kel
ley, a well known agent, died at his
home, 675 Thirteenth street, to-day,
aged 49 years. He leaves a widow,
three daughters and a son. Heart
trouble was the cause of death.
Mary A. S. Duncan, a widow, died
last night at her home in San Lean
dro, aged 73 years. She lived in Oak
land for thirty-four years prior to her
residence in San Leandro. •
Miss Mary Paris died to-day at the
home of her sister, Mrs. George Coon,
1571 Filbert street. The young lady
was a resident of Livermore, but had
been staying with her sister for some
weeks.
John Parlow Abbott, who has been
colonel and assistant adjutant general
of the California Brigade of the Uni
form Rank of the Knights of Pythias,
died "to-day at his home, 1367 Castro
street. He leaves a wife and three
children, Russell, Mary and Eleanor.
Form Mining Company.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Articles of in
corporation of the Keynote Investment
and Mining Company were filed to
day. The directors are: S: W. Mont
gomery. A- F. Connett, Charles F.
Burks, S. J. Montgomery and E. o.
Burks. The amount of .the capital
stock is $50,000, which is divided into
50,000 shares of the par value of $i
each.
Death Calls Aged Pioneer.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 23.— George N. Gray
died last evening at his home, 1817
Everett street, aged 76 years. He was a
native of New York and came to Cali
fornia in 1S5L He had been a resident
of Alameda for the last~ fourteen years.
Deceased leaves three sons— H. C. Gray,
Henry D. Gray and George D. Gray— all
living in this city.
Oakland's Clean Health Record.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — The Board of
Health has reported that Oakland has
practically a clean bill of health, only
four cases of contagious diseases be
ing recorded at the health depart
ment.
Christmas at' the' l)e\vey.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— "For Mother's
Sake" is doing a splendid Christmas
business at the Dewey Theater. The
play is full of pathos and prettiness
and Is a real Christmas attraction. It
will run for the rest. of the week, with
a matinee on Christmas day.
CHRISTMAS PARTY AT
ST. JOSEPH'S INSTITUTE
Is Taken to Folsom.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — Mrs. Anna
Ross, convicted of the murder of Mrs.
Elizabeth Leroy and sentenced to life
imprisonment, was taken to Folsom
to-day. A few days ago the woman
begged the Judge to be allowed to see
her child before going, but her attor
ney stated he was unable to find the
boy and after four days the mother
had to go without seeing him.
BERKELEY HIGH SCHOOL
TEAM OFF FOR SOUTH
Third race, one mile, selling: — Cap
tain Gaines won. Barbara Frietchio
second, Ivernia third. Time, 1:41 3-5.
Fourth race, one mile and a six
teenth, handicap — Huzzah won. Myn
heer second, Ethics third. Time,
1:4S 3-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Palmist
won. Leal Dorsey second, Invincible
third. Time* 1:14 1-5.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Com
mena won, St. Wood second. Blua
Blaze third. Time, 1:42.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 23. — Cres
cent City summary: " . a
First race, one mile, selling — Burn
ing Glass won. Begone second, Jake
Weber third. Time, 1:41 3-3.
Second race, one mile and a quar
ter, selling — Ginspray won, Jack
Doyle second, Malay third. Time,
2:0S 2-5.
New Orleans Race Res a Its.
J. C. Campbell, the well-known at
torney, left for Washington. D. C, last
Tuesday for the purpose of defending
John A. Benson, the land agent, who
was recently arrested by Government
officials for alleged wrongdoing.
Before departing Mr. Campbell said
he did not expect any difficulty in
clearing his client of the charge made
against him. He said he had read the
telegraphic dispatch telling of Ben
son's arrest and he feels certain that
Benson is not the man that the Gov
ernment agents are after.
Attorney Campbell is prepared to
make an energetic fight in behalf of
his client.
Attorney J. C. Campbell Speeds to
Nation's Capital to Clear La ml
Agent John A. Denson.
TRAVELS TO WASHINGTON
TO DEFEND HIS CLIENT
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — The election
of officers of the Cooks' and Waiters'
Union will be held Tuesday, Decem
ber 29. The Australian ballot sys
tem will be used. Following are the
members in charge of the election:
Charles Brehn, George Dooley, "Ben"
Bales and John Climcovich.
Teamsters'" Unon Xo. 70 will elect
officers at a special meeting next Tues
day.
The following have been nominat
ed as officers of the Laundry Workers'
Union: President, Miss Tillie Wal
ters, A. W. Smiley, A. Giger and A. V.
O'Neil; vice president, H. C. Mathews,
J. Domeecq; treasurer, R. Spencer;
secretary, S. H. Gray; sergeant at
arms, H. J. Meyers; sentinel, James
Jenkins and B. Lyman. The election
will be held next Tuesday evening,
when delegates to the district con
ference will also be elected. The con
ference will be held at San Jose on
January 3, 1904.
The local Boot and Shoe Workers'
Union has received blank credentials
for delegates to the national conven
tion, which will be held in St. Louis
next year.
Several Unions Prepare for Regular
Elections — Laundry Workers
Nominate Their Officers.
Fines License Law Violator.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Charles Grib
ble,' a grocer at Seventh and Oak
streets, was fined $100 to-day by Po
lice: Judge Mortimer Smith upon con
viction of selling beer without a liquor
license.
Councilman B.H. Pendleton expressed
the hope that the matter of a public
playground for the young people of
West Oakland would be taken up and
carried forward by every resident and
property owner in that portion of the
city. He said: N .; ; . ¦¦ .
Every question has two Bides and It ia al
ways well to consider both. The city owna
nearly ten acres of land situated between
Eighteenth and Twentieth atreets'on Peralta,
and at present this land is useless to the city
and an eyesore to the resident* of this section.
This might be- filled In and sold or leased and
the city derive an Income from its holding, or
It can be improved and turned into a recreation
park and .playground for children. In my
opinion the greatest benefit would be derived
from the playground. At present the boys of
the High School have to go out to Emeryville
to practice baseball and football. We all know
what the surroundings are there and It Is
doubtful if wo would care to have our brothers
and aonn thrown into close contact with such
associations. Why not provide a park for Just
?uch purposes as thin, where the pupils of the
public . schools may come for their games and
sperts? s .. . . ¦ . . •
However, this improvement will not be car
ried through unless the people of . West Oak
land with it, . The Council will not force nor
foist anything upon them • and the matter rests
Wallace Alexander, president, of the
Aloha Club, opened the meeting this
evening with a brief address, stating
the object of the gathering. He said:
"The proposition of establishing a
recreation park and children's play
ground on this piece of marsh land
owned by the city is not a new one,
but although it has been talked about
for a number of years by the people
of West Oakland up to the present time
ho definite action of any kind has been
taken. The members of this club have
resolved to make an attempt to bring
about a realization of the project and
if we are successful we feel sure that
not only will the young pe6ple of this
section of the city be directly bene
fited, but that the property owners in
this vicinity will find that the improve
ment of what is at present a piece of
worthless swamp land will materially
increase the value of their property."
Mr. Peixotto, who is at the head of
the Columbia Park Boys' Club in San
Francisco, gave an interesting account
of the establishing of public play
grounds for children in many of the
large cities in the E£st and in San
Francisco. After explaining the system
of management of some of the largest
of these playgrounds he said:
"If the expense of improving the en
tire property is too great for the city to
assume at one time, it could be done a
section at a time as the money was
forthcoming. Of course, it would take
longer, but if rightly managed the re
sult would be the same in the end."
LAND NOW USELESS.
STATES PROPOSITION.
The suggestion of Mr. Pendleton that
a mass-meeting of the property owners
of West Oakland be called to consider
the proposition of presenting a. petition
to the City Council asking that body
to take! some action in the matter was
finally adopted, and as soon as possible
after the holidays a meeting will be
called, at which Colonel John P. Irish
and other prominent residents of the
western portion of the city will be
asked to speak. The question will be
thoroughly discussed and such action
as is approved by the majority of the
taxpayers of West Oakland will be
taken. .
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— The Aloha Club
of West Oakland, which is a social set
tlement organization backed by a num
ber of philanthropic people of this city,
has undertaken the laudable labor of
turning the ten acres of unimproved
land in West Oakland owned by the
city into a recreation and play ground
for the youth of the western end of
the city. The matter was discussed this
evening at a meeting of the members
of the club, at which Wallace Alex
ander, its president, Councilman Ben
jamin H. Pendleton, Sidney L. Peixotto
of San Francisco, William Walsh and
a number of others expressed their
views on the subject and suggested
various plans for carrying on the work
begun by the club.
At the close of Councilman Pendle-
Jon's address William Walsh, one of the
oldest supporters of the club and a
well-known resident of West Oakland,
spoke briefly in favor of the proposed
playground. He said in part:
"The people of West Oakland are not
in the habit of talking very much. We
pay our taxes regularly and attend to
our own business. I think, however,
that in consideration of the fact that
there Is not a single park in this part
of the city which is maintained at pub
lic expense we should interest ourselves
in this park, and when the residents of
this part of Oakland are ready to take
the matter up they will find that I am
ready to do all that lies in my power
to bring the matter to a successful is
sue."
AVEST' OAKLANDER SPEAKS.
entirely with themselves. The Southern Pa
cific will soon lmr>ro\> Its depot at Sixteenth
street and If this Improvement Is carried
through this section of West Oakland w:K be
a spot of beauty instead of an area of waste,
unprofitable land. Such a course would add
much to the value of property in this part of
the city.
If this proposition Is carried to a successful
end I would recommend that the park be put
In the hands of a commission of representative
citizens of West Oakland and I am sure that
if this Is done every dollar appropriated for
the playground will be wisely expended.
NEWS OF OAKLAND
LABOR ORGANIZATIONS
INTERIOR OF THE QUARTERS OF THE ALOHA CLUB, A PHILAN
THROPIC ORGANIZATION THAT HAS TAKEN UP THE WORK OF
SECURING A PLAYGROUND FOR OAKLAND CHILDREN.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — Osmin Comp
te, proprietor of the Pullman House,
Seventh and Pine streets, was fined
$30 to-day by Police Judge Mortimer
Smith, after conviction on a charge of
battery. C. W. Collins, a roomer at
the Pullman House, was the battered.
Collins ciaims that Compte objected
to his attentions to Miss Alice Adams,
a chambermaid in the hotel. Expos
tulations from the landlord failed to
convince Collins that he was not en
titled to pay suit to the fair Alice,
provided she did not object. In an
argument that followed Landlord
Compte threw Collins out of the hotel
and discharged the girl. The evicted
roomer caused Compte's arrest. Land
lord Compte was not satisfied with his
conviction. He has appealed to the
Superior Court.
Landlord Compte of the Pullman Ho
tel I s Convicted and Fined for
Battery on Lodger.
The wedding of Miss Alice Donovan and
Kerrman Halen took place last Saturday even
ing at the home of the bride's mother. OOrt
Snyder street. Tben were seventy-flv<» RU?st«
present, and* after the ceremony a w^ilrfin?
supper was served. I'pon their return frr.m a
honeymoon trip the young people will reside In
¦\Vest Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Dec. 23 — The members of th«
First Presbyterian Church will revive the cus
tom of singing Christmas carols on Christmas
mornirg-. The singers of the Christian En
deavor Society will rise at 5 o'clock In th»
morning ar.d ride forth In a tally-ho drawn
by four horses. They will visit many Berke
ley homes and arouse the Inmates with their
sonffs. After the serenading the party will s»
to the Presbyterian Church and there ba ro-
Italer! with a steaming hot br»akfast. Th<»
party will contain Miss Mlnala McAvi.y Mlfls
Marian Wenilt. \V. C. Smith. U I. Rc»rt' Miss
Marion Ainsworth. atias Nora Beatty and
Ernest Page.
EVICTS A PATRON WHO
• WOOED A CHAMBERMAID
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
A Christmas party was given last
night at the First Methodist Church
for the children of the Sunday-school.
The young folks passed the evening
with games of various kinds and near
the clc;Fe of the evening Santa Claus
appeared and presented each of the
children with a box of candy.
• • •
The Friendly Hour Club was organ
ized about six years ago and its pres
ent officers are: Mrs. J. H. Brewer,
president; Mr?. A. N. Beebe, director;
Mrs. Head, treasurer, and Mrs. Walter
Beebe. secretary.
Following are the directors of the
Social Settlement Clubr Mrs. S. T.
Alexander, Mrs. C. H. Gorrill. Mrs.
C. F. Playter, Mrs. Louis Tasheira.
Mrs. Sarah W. Horton. Miss Ethel
Moore, Miss Emma Wellman, Miss
Annie Sessions, Mrs. Sarah B. Cheek,
Mrs. Mary Alexander and Mrs. R. H.
Chamberlain.
Those in charge of the entertain
ment this afternoon were: Mrs. R. P.
M. Greeley, Mrs. P. M. Wollitz, Mrs.
J. W. Walsh. Mrs. Walter Beebe and
Mrs. G. W. Baldwin.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — The children
of the Oakland Social Settlement, at
Third and Linden streets, were enter
tained at a Christmas party this after
noon by the ladies of the Friendly
Hour Club, an organization of the
women of .the First Congregational
Church. A big Christmas tree was
provided, from which each of the lit
tle ones present received a suitable
gift, and a programme was rendered
toy the children and members of the
club. Following are those who took
part: Eva Beebe, Elma Wollitz,
Johnny Walsh, Lorane Hawthorne,
Marguerite Mau, Ruth Taylor, Mrs.
Beck, Ada Wollitz, Clarence Beebe,
Annabelle Walsh, Mrs. Xewman, Fred
die Mau, Nellie Beebe, Charles Wol
litz and Edith Head.
Young Folks Make Merry at Enter
tainment Given at the Oakland
Social Settlement.
APPROACH OF CHRISTMAS
MAKES CHILDREN' HAPPY
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — The Western
Union Telegraph Company began suit
against Alameda County to-day to re
cover $133 96 taxes it paid, upon it3
franchise, which it alleges was illeg-al
ly assessed by County Assessor Dal
ton.
The company makes .the contention
that its franchise is a Federal fran
chise; that it transmits messages for
the Government at a rate fixed by the
Postmaster General and that these
messages have tire right of way over
all other matter. It contends that it
is thus exempt from taxation so far
as its franchise is concerned. Dalton
made a departure this year and as
sessed what had never been assessed
before.
Western Union Begins Salt Against
Alameda County for Sums It
Has Paid.-'
HOLDS THAT FRANCHISE
CANNOT BE TAXED
ALAMEDA, Dec. 23.— Principal John
W. Young, who has been cennected
with the school department for fifteen
years, has filed his rrs:gnation with
the Board of Education and left for
Carpenteria, Santa Barbara County,
where he will engage in horticulture.
His retirement from local educational
work comes as a surprise to his many
friends and the School Directors, as he
had not intimated that he intended to
leave Alameda.
Principal Young explains that his re
moval from this city is made necessary
because of the ill health of his wife,
who has been advised to seeK a climate
that will be more agreeable to her.
Principal Young is the owner of a large
walnut prchard near Carpenter5a and
will henceforth devote a!i of his time
to improving the property.
For many years Principal Young was
in charge of the Porter School. When
the high school was located temporarily
in the Porter School building he was
transferred to the principalship of the
Haight School, from which position he
now retires. He was regarded as an
able instructor by trfe Board of Educa
tion and was popular with students.
No successor to Principal Young has
yet been selected.
The Pacific Incinerating Company's
new plan to establish its garbage cre
matory on tha West Oakland marsh,
west side of Wood street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
was recommended for acceptance
at a meeting to-night of the Ordi
nance and Judiciary Committee of the
City Council. A proposed lease of the
plant to the city and an ordinance to
cover the rates to be charged and regu
lating garbage collections were also
recommended. Under the lease as
amended to-night the city will receive
$750 a year and an option of purchase
at the end of ten years. Attorney Eells
of San Francisco, representing the In
cinerating company, said:
"The company has invested to date
$37,000. It is estimated that $30,000 will
be expended in moving the plant from
Twenty-sixth and Magnolia streets to
the new location. Of this amount $2000
or $3000 is for the site, $10,000 for a
foundation and the remainder for re
construction."
Under the ordinance the average
householder will pay 33 cents a month
for the removal of a ten-gallon can of
garbage weekly. The rates generally
are the same as recommended under
the first ordinance, which was indorsed
by the Merchants' Exchange and the
Board of Trade. Representatives of
the incinerating company said to-night
that a temporary plant would be in
stalled on the new site as soon as the
Council had enacted the legislation.
This plant would be in operation . ten
days and would be used until the large
retorts of the main plant can be erect
ed. The committee's action practically
settles the long fight that has been
waged and insures to the city a mod*
ern method of disposing of Its waste
and refuse.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 23.
But the student can thank his lucky
stars that the drill was not increased
to three times a week instead of two,
as was suggested in the council meet
ing this morning. Only the voices of
some professors, who protested against
such an action, prevented tlte adoption
of such a rule, although the sugges
tion is likely to come up again.
The reason given for the change of
hours is that the 11 o'clock drill inter
feres too much with the lecture pe
riods.
The Academic Council of the Univer
sity of California to-day decided to
change the drill for the university cadet
regiment from 11 o'clock in the morn
ing to 4 o'clock in- the afternoon. This
will be unwelcome news to the stu
dents who have to drill, and desertions
and mutinies are expected to occur
when the new term opens. To most.pf
the students 11 o'clock drill or any
drill is looked upon as a monstrous
imposition, but 4 o'clock drill will be
nothing less to them than a degrading
serfdom. The 4 o'clock drill will come
when every student will already have
done a hard day's work, in his estima
tion, and rob him of the pleasure he
used to count on for the rest of the
day. It will be hard on the man who
gets through at 2 or 3 o'clock, but still
must linger around until 4 o'clock and
then strut along in soldiers' clothes for
another hour, finally winding up on the
way home at 5 o'clock. It will be still
harder on the football squad next year,
because practice begins at 4 o'clock.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Dec. 23.
Claiming that she was evicted un
lawfully from heT home, with a three
months old baby and a sick husband,
Mrs. Fannie Sheehan, wife of John
Sheehan, told her troubles to-day to
Judge George Samuels, with whom the
husband filed an affidavit setting forth
his grievances.
Sheehan was sued by Charles Schoen
ing for two months' rent of the cottage.
1370 Fifteenth avenue. Costs added
brought the Judgment to $60. After the
eviction papers were issued Sheehan
claims that he was never properly
served with certain notices required by
law. He declares he lost his position
with the Southern Pacific Company be
cause it was represented that he was
trying to avoid payment of Just debts,
and Mrs. Sheehan declares that the
family Is homeless as a result of their
eviction.
Th£ documents in the case show in
dorsements that the papers were regu
larly served.
Judge Samuels will take testimony
concerning the claim that Sheehan did
not receive legal notice.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 23.
The hopes of Mrs. Frances Hall, who
Is asking the courts for $20,000 damages
her reputation is alleged to have suf
fered by reason of remarks made about
her by Mrs. Catherine T. Williams, re
ceived a severe blow to-day when John
Burke, a bartender employed in the sa
loon of "Tom" Flaherty, took the stand
and testified that Mrs. Hall was In th»
habit of frequenting the back room of
the saloon at night, where she would
sit and drink whisky "straight. 1 *
The defense gained a decided victory
when, after a day of arguments, the at
torneys for Mrs. Williams were allowed
to so amend their answer as to plead a
Justification of thte remarks one woman
made about the other. In the answer
first made a general denial of the alle»
gations was all that was attempted.
Since the progress of the suit, however,
it has been deemed necessary to shovr
that the plaintiff was deserving of criti
cism at the hands of her neighbors, and
to this end attorneys for Mrs. Williams
are now bendlng-their efforts.
The saloon in question is not far from
the Hall home. Burke said Mrs. Hall
and her sister, Mrs. Etta Hastings,
would come over there of evenings and
drink six and eight "whiskies'* In the
course of two hours. They stayed there
sometimes as late as 1 o'clock In the
morning, he said. Burke also testified
that the women, accompanied by him
self and the proprietor, visited a restau
rant after midnight.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
1118 Broadway. Dec. 23.
Temporary Plant Will Be Under
Operation on New Site on
the Marsh Within Ten Days
John Burke Says Plaintiff and
Her Sister AVould Tipple
Into the Morning Houra
Faculty Finds the Morning
Parade Interrupts Studies'
of Young College People
Professor States the Action
Was 3Iade Imperative by the
111 Health of His Wife
Magistrate Will Hear Testi
mony Concerning an Alleged
Failure to Notify Tenants
WITHDRAWAL IS SURPRISE
CITY RETAINS AN OPTION
EXPECT MUTINY IN RANKS
JUDGE SAMUELS INQUIRES
MUCH WHISKY IS IMBIBED
Sheehan Family Declare They
Were Illegally Evicted and
Left 111 Without a Home
Witness in Mrs. Hall's Slander
Suit Swears She Frequented
the Back Room of a Saloon
Alameda Instructor Retires
From School Department to
Give Time to Horticulture
Committee of Council Recom
mends Adoption of Pacific In
cinerating Company's Plan
Academic Council Decides
That Students Must March
at 4 O'Clock in Afternoon
TELL A STORY
OF HARDSHIPS
YOUNG RESIGNS
PRINCIPALSHIP
LONG BATTLE
IS AT AN END
CHANGE CADET
DRILL HOURS
SAYS REMARKS
WERE JUSTIFIED
Alohd Club Holds a Meeting to Discuss Plan of
Turning Ten-Acre Tract of Unimproved City
Land in West Oakland Into a Recreation Park
GREAT PUBLIC PLAYGROUND
FOR CHILDREN SUGGESTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 24, 1903.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Mayor Olney.
has been advised that the report of
Expert" Desmond Fitzgerald on the
Bay Cities "Water Company project to
furnish Oakland with a municipal
water supply will be filed on Decem
ber 31. /^ .'
Fitzgerald's Water Report.
It appears from a memorandum sub
mitted to the Secretary of War by Gen
eral Young, chief of staff, that the de
tail system Is a failure so far as ap
plied to the ordnance department and
the signal corps of the army. It is said
to be almost Impossible to obtain offi
cers for those branches under the pres
ent, method of selection. In the ord
nance department there are nineteen
vacancies and but little hope of filling
them. Vacancies in the signal corps
have been partly provided for by ar
bitrary detail from the line of officers
graduated this year from the general
service and staff college. In his mem
orandum General Young proposes the
abandonment of the detail system a3
applied .to those two departments and a
return to the former system of perma
nent personnel. — Boston Herald.
Failure of the Detail System.
The Death Substitute.
"I .had in my employ." says. one of
the missionaries to China, "a very val
uable Chinese servant, upon whom I
leaned with implicit confidence. One
day he came to me and said: 'I shall
be obliged to ask you to find somebody
to take my place, as in the course of a
few weeks I am to be executed in
place of a rich gentleman, who is to
pay me very liberally for becoming his
substitute." '
"I asked what possible inducement
there could be to forfeit his life for
any amount of money. He replied: 'I
have an aged father and mother, who
are very poor and unable to work, and
the money I am to receive will make
them comfortable as long as they live.
I think it is my duty to give up my
life to accomplish this.' " — Exchange.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping- Intelligence.
ARRIVED..
Wednesday. December 2T5.
Stir.r Grace Dollar. Olsen, * days from Ho
qUiam - SAILED. i
Wednesday. ' December 23.* A
Ger stmr Serbia. Kradhering. Seattle.
4
SEE THE PICTURE
THE 1904 GIRL
This Is the Most Dazzling-
ly Beautiful Creature
You Ever Saw. .
NEW YE AITS EDITION
NEXT SUNDAY CALLStory Is to the Effect That Smiths
Will Be Stisfied With Sum of
5125,000 Each.
PHYSICIAN* SAYS GIRARD
IS SERIOUSLY WOUNDED
RUMOR THAT FAIR
HEIRS WILL SETTLE
Koreans Invade MonsoUan Soil and
Arc Resisted by Hunschun Trooj>s.
SHANGHAI. Dec. 23.— The Tartar
general at Kirlin reports that an inde
cisive battle has occurred between four
battalions of Chinese from Hungchun
and 1500 Koreans, who Invaded Chinese
territory from Kyeng-Chung In North
east Korea.
BATTLE ON" CHINESE BORDER.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— Following the
announcement in London a few days
ago that an EngliFh experimenter had
found that his vacuum tube emitted
light for days after it had been discon
nected from his battery, W. J- Ham
mer, an electrical engineering expert of
this city, declared to-night that he had
obtained sounds from a vacuum tube in
the same way. After disconnecting it
he laid it down on a pasteboard box
ri'lcd with excelsior, in which It was to
be sent to a factory. Suddenly he heard
a low note in the room and traced it. to
the discarded tube. He called his wife
to hear the sound and both timed the
duration of tlu; murmur.
After five minutes had elapsed Ham
mer reconnected the tube with his in
duction coil and reheated the perforated
disk for a period of twenty 'seconds.
Then he disconnected It and laid it on
the board. This time the disk had re
sponded to the heat more readily, or
for some other reason kept up the sound
fifteen minutes. He said to-night:
"Evidently the unusual conditions in
the damaged X-ray tube made it pe
culiarly sensitive to sound waves in the
surrounding ether. .Mme. Currie ob
served the same sort of. phenomena in
connection with experiments with ra
dium—not that it gave forth heat and
light Indefinitely without loss of bulk or
weight spectroscopieally, for that con
tradicted all ideas of the conservation
of energy, but that the light waves In
the ether stimulated the radium so that
the radium gave forth Its wonderful lu
minosity." /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At rirst great fear was expressed that
the fire might spread and endanger the
best business portion of the town, but it
was held in check and prevented from
spreading to adjoining buildings.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 23.— The three
story brick buildins at the corner of
Nineteenth street and Chestnut avenue
owned by George Hopkins of San Fran
cisco was to-nisht destroyed by a fire
of unknown origin. As a result from
$10,000 to $15,000 worth of property was
destroyed and 'John Ramirez, a volun
teer fireman, lies in a dying condition
at the County Hospital.
The fire started in the third story,
which had just been furnished as a
lodging-house, and it had gained con
siderable headway before an alarm was
given. The firemen soon had four
streams playing on the blaze and the
first and second floors were saved from
destruction, but are badly damaged by
water. It is impossible as yet to form
an accurate estimate of the loss on the
building, but the furniture, valued at
several thousand dollars, was com
pletely destroyed. The loss is partly
covered by insurance.
A hose line was being run from the
roof of an adjoining building, and it
was while handling this that Ramirez
met with an accident. In the dark he
stumbled on the skylight and fell
through to the iloor beneath. His head
v.as badly crushed and he was removed
to a hospital in an unconscious condi
tion. A physician who examined him
stated there is not the slightest hope of
his recovery.
ST. PETERSBURG, uec. 23.—Rus
sia's reply to Japan is momentarily ex
pected to be delivered. The Foreign
Office officials and diplomats contl-nue
to express the opinion that, as both
parties earnestly desire a peaceful set
tlement, and as their allies have left
nothing undone to this end. war will be
averted. An early conclusion of the
negof._ll;:is, however, seems unlikely.
In regard to the Vladivostok dis
patch saying .Viceroy Alexieff had been
authorized to settle on the spot all
questions concerning neighboring
states, etc.. the Foreign Office declares
that the Viceroy's powers remain as
determined by the ukase Issued on Au
gust 3.
Early Conclusion of the Negotiations
With Jaimn Seems Unlikely.
RUSSIA'S REPLY IS READY.
Blaze Breaks Out on the Up
per Floor of a Three-Story
Brick Edifice in Bakersiield
Electrical Engineer Hears Low
Mnrnrar Following; Its Dis
connection From Battery
VACUUM TUBE
EMITS SOUND
Heavy Mail for England.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23. — The White
Star line steamship Teutonic, which
sailed to-day, carried 2S53 sacks of
mail for Great Britain. The shipment
included more than SOO.000 letters.
ROME, Dec. 23. — The situation in the
Far East is being followed with great
interest here. The rumor which gained
wide currency in Rome that 'war had
been declared between Russia and Ja
pan w as promptly contradicted by Oho
yama. the Japenese Minister to Italy,
who in an interview to-day said that
Japan had the complete sympathy of
the United States, which desired the
pacific development of Korea. The Min
ister said he did not know what atti
tude would be taken by the United
States Government in the case of war
between Russia and Japan.
•Rear Admiral Delibero, naval aid to
King Victor Emmanuel, has been or
dered to the command of the Italian
squadron in the Far East, rendered va
cant through the resignation of Ad
miral Mirabello as Minister of Marine.
Rumor Of Declaration of Wnr Gains
Wide Currency in Rome.
ITALY WATCHING THE RIVALS.
FIRE DESTROYS
A BIG BUILDING
LONDON, Dec. 24— Special dispatches
to the London morning newspapers
deal mainly with Japanese naval prepa
rations. The Daily Mail's correspon
dents to-day admit that the steamers
of the Nippon Yusen Kaisha have not
yet been chartered* and that no mobili
zation orders have been issued, but
they give a rumor of the intention of
Superfluous Woodwork on the, Mi
kado's Warships Beins: Removed.
JAPANESE SQUADRON' SAILS.
Inquiry about other loans, however, <
brought out the fact that on August 5, i
1&02, the trust company loaned to !
Olivr Wren, Schwab's secretary. !
J2.000.000, taking as security "United j
States Steel Corporation preferred I
stock, the loan being repaid on Decem- {
ber 5, 1902. Root did not know that *
Schwab was connected w ith this loan. !
provide funds for the loan, j ,
It was upon the New York Security !
and Trust Company that the $7,246,000
check was drawn by Schwab to pro
vide Nixon and Dresser with funds for
the purchase of the Bethlehem plant, j
and Root was questioned about ,
Schwab's daily balances at that time. ;
It was shown that Schwab's balance
was rapidly increased immediately ,
prior to August 12, 1903, to an amount ;
sufficient to cover the amount of the
check, bat Root could not say .whether .
this was by deposits from the Morgan '
account. * !
L. C. Root, third vice president of the '
New York Security and Trust Com- :
pasty, v.hich loaned $350,000 to Nixon
and Dresser on their note on August I
12, 1S02. testified that, so far as he '
knew, this loan of $350,000 was the only j
one made to Nixon and Dresser, and ,
that nc loan had been made to the
Trust Company of the Republic. It \
had been understood before this that '¦
the anwunt of this loan was $700,000, '
and that J. P. Morgan & Co. deposited '
this amount with the trust company to '
In regard to net earnings Ross' fig- !
ures showed that the earnings, $330,- !
17Q in 1901; had increased to $1,261,831 in !
1302. and 51,662,530 in 1903, dividends of :
J325.0C0 being paid in 1901, none in 1902 j
and $250,000 in 1903.
These last dividends, Ross said, went j
to the shipbuilding company, to be ap- i
plied on the $10,000,000 issue of bonds
held by C. M. Schwab.
RISING SUN, Ind.. Dec. 23.— Judge
Downey of the Circuit Ccnirt to-day
heard the habeas corpus case of James
Gillespie, Mrs. Belle Seward and Mr.
and Mrs. Myron Barbour, charged
jointly with the murder of Miss Eliza
beth G-illespie. The bonds of the
women were renewed and Myron Bar
bour was also released on bond, but
his ball was double that of the women,
$20,000. All the officials of the First Na
tional Bank went on Barbour's bond.
Gillespie was refused bail.
5300.000, he said, as shown by the books
of the company. The overstatement
•nas brought about largely by the in
clusion in live assets, he said, of bad
accounts.
Taking up. then, the alleged with
holding of. Bethlehem dividends, which,
so It is charged, was instrumental in
wrecking the shipbuilding company,
which owned the Bethlehem stock. Un
termyer obtained from Ross the state
ment that the Bethlehem, which on
April 1, 1502. had debts amounting to
S71 2.000. had by September 1, 1503.
cmerped entirely from debt, havins:
paid off $325,000 since April 1. 1303, and
$750,000 during the month of August.
In addition to applying this sum to debt
reduction, Ross said, the Bethlehem
company had. since July 21. 1903, in
vested 5313.625 in the Uruguay Iron
Gillespie Is Refused Bail.
Will of Lord Abinger
LONDON. Dec. ZZ— The lato Lord
Abinger. who died suddenly in Paris
December 12, in his will left every
thing possible to his mother. The new
peer, with whom the deceased was not
particularly friendly, gets only the
strictly entailed property, about 25.00 1 }
acres in England. Lady Abinger. the
deceased peer's mother, who was th«
daughter of the late Commodore Ma
gruder. U. S. N., gets the historic In
voilochy Castle and the town house,
with all its valuable collections of pic
tures and bric-a-brac.
Santa Clara and this city will be
visited next and then other points of
the county. This missionary work
will also extend throughout the State.
Nearly every Japanese not married or
engaged in business in this county is
said to have volunteered to go home
and fight Kus3ia; the others have
promised money for the cause.
SAN JOSE, Dec. # 23. — An agent of
the Japanese Consul" at San Francisco
Is at work among the Japanese resi
dents of this county enlisting aid in
case of war between Japan and Rus
sia. It is said there are about 100&
Japanese in Santa Clara County, and
they are promising financial aid and
offering to return home to fight If
war comes. The consular agent ad
dressed a large meeting of Japanese in
Star Hall at Alviso last night. The
place was handsomely decorated with
American and Japanese flags and pa
triotic addresses held the audience un
til long after midnight. Many of those
present became so imbued with patri
otic enthusiasm that they failed to
report at the various orchards for
work to-day.
The agent was taken for a cruise
upon the bay on" Alivso to-day and
treated to a banquet.
Promise to Return to Orient in the
Event of War With Russia.
PATRIOTIC JAPANESE.
In the Stock Exchange statement
current assets of July 31. 1902, were
overstated tn the extent of more than
Ross in his testimony spoke of the
discrepancy between the annual reports
of the Bethlehem company and the
Ftat^mcnt submitted to the Stock Ex
change committee at the time the ap
plication to list the stocks of the ship
building company was made, and "sur
mised" that the excess in earnings
piven in the later statement might have
been due to failure to charge off de
preciation allowed for in the annual
reports.
During a passe in the examination
?Juthrie broueht up another sensational
? xtraneous subject by stating that he
had been Informed that the process
prrver who served the subpena upon
John W. Gates yesterday had used
Outhrie's card to gain access to Gates.
Untermyer saM that the subjena had
bf>en served by an employe of his of
fice and that i? he had resorted to "any
such unprofessional conduct" he would
be immediately discharged.
DISCREPANCY IN IlEPOUTS.
Guthrte, replying, declared that he
had 5umn";oned three witnesses from
the liaper (the World) which pub
lished the correspondence yesterday
E.r.d asked permission to so into the
matter, but Counsel Untermyer ob
jected to the_ subject being injected into
the hearing. Referee Oliphant sustained
the objection ar.d directed that the
complainants next witness, Alfred
lioss, an accountant who made a^i ex
amination of the Bethlehem Steel Com
pany for Receiver Smith, be called.
Outhrie entered a protest against the
exclusion of his newspaper witnesses
and announced his intention of bring
:r.e the matter before the court.
Rrss testified as to the financial
s=iar-js of the Bethlehem Company
from July a. 1S93, to October. 1903,
his information prior to July 31, 1302,
being derived from reports of officers
of the firm. For the year and three
months since theb he had made a
direct personal examination. t
11 EFEREE CALLS HALT.
"Under such circumstances," he con
tinued, "it is absurd to claim that such
<¦ rr- tpondence is privileged."
L>urins: Untermyer's remarks on the
subject he referred to the "alleged
lack of courtesy shown by opposing
counsel ar.d efforts to sidetrack the
roal issues in the case."
"At another time," he added, "we
s^haJl tie very glad to- go into this
matter."
He taid he had learned that no less
than f:ftc..n copies of the correspond
ence had been made and distributed
broadcast fa New York; that he him
f-:f h?d had his copy only during the
examination. He said that copies of
the correspondence had been offered
fcr sale in newspaper offices in New
Y-rk.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— At the open-
Ing ot the United States Shipbuilding
hearing to-day. Counsel Untermyer
lock up the subject of the publication
cf the Alexander correspondence, de
claring that, so far as he knew, neither
himself, his associate counsel nor any
one connected with his office had any
thing to do with giving the correspon
dence to the press.
"However." he continued, "I do not
Eee hew the question of contempt of
court in the publication of this report
can be raised in anything but a Pick
wickian sense."
Accountant AVho Examined the
Bethlehem steel Company
Tells of Alleged Discrepancies
in the Reports of Its Earnings
At the conference to-day it was de- |
termined to authorize the issue of i
$7,000,000 of 4 per cent Philippine bonds,
redeemable after ten and within
thirty years. They will be offered for
sale early in January. An act of the ,
last Congress provided for the issue of
such bonds. They will be accepted by
the Government as security for the de- ,
posit of public bonds. j
Some details concerning the issue of
th€ bonds yet have to be worked out. ;
but no doubt is expressed that a ready
market for them will be found in this ;
country.
MANILA, Dec. 23.— The agreement
for the sale of the friar lands has been
signed, to take effect in six months,
the time allowed for surveys and ex
amination of titles. The bureau or
ganized to administer the affairs of
these lands will dispose of them when
possible to the present tenants on long
terms of" payment. Three-fourths of
this land is included within the popu
lated districts, which makes it a dif
ficult proposition for the administra
tive bureau.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.— President
Roosevelt and Secretaries Root and
Shaw had an extended conference to
day regarding the Issue of bonds for
the raisins of money with which to pay
for the friar lands in the Philippines.
Secretary Root Is in receipt of a
cablegram from Governor Taft an
nouncing that the contracts for the
purchase of the lands were signed yes
terday. The provision for. payment.
Governor Taft indicates, is that the
Government shall use due diligence in
the necessary surveys, examination of
title and sale of bends, and shall con
summate the purchase within a pe
riod not exceeding six months from
the date of contract. Unless new sur
veys shall differ materially from the
Villegas survey, the exact amount of
the purchase price of the lands Is
J7.23S.7S4. The lands to be purchased
aggregate 391,000 acres.
Governor Taft's cablegram con
cludes as follows:
"As soon as your recommendation is
received will post act reciting making
of contract and authorize you to issue
bonds much the same in form as laws
authorizing issue of certificates of in
debtedness."
BOULDER. Colo., Dec. 23. — Thje
Sheriff here has received word from
Elkhorn, a mining camp, that cracks
men entered a saloon at that place
and carried away the iron safe on a
sled. A quarter of a mile from town
the robbers blew the safe open and
secured 34000 in gold coin and jew
elry.
cure SIOOO in Gold Coin
and Jewelry.
Robbers Then Use Explosives and Se-
SAN JUAN. P. R-. Dec. 23. — A ca
blegram has been received from Sec
retary of the Treasury Shaw' accept
ing the resignation of Alonzo Cruzon,
Collector of Customs of Porto Rico.
It is believed here that W\ H. Elliott
ot Indiana. Commissioner of Interior
for Porto Rico, will succeed Cruzon
and he in turn will be succeeded by
R. H. Post of New York, who at pres
ent is auditor of Porto Rico.
It is reported that President Roose
velt will pe'rmit Senator Beveridge of
Indiana to name the new collector. 4
The resignation of Cruzon i3 the
result of the recent investigations into
the charges of smuggling made
against certain officers of the United
States navy and Porto Rican officials.
BURGLARS TARE SAFE
AWAY OX A SLEIGH
Fort to Step Ont.
Recent Investigation Into Smuggling
in Porto Rico Causes Officer of
COLLECTOR CRUZON*
RESIGNS POSITION i
MANILA. Dec. 23.— Governor Ta't
has pardofed several Filipino prison
ers on the appro-ach of tho Christmas
festival. Including the priest Leonardo
Depusey. who was under sentence of
death by a military court for burying
alive the Presidente of Taytay, which
had been commuted to penal servitude
for a period of twenty years.
Ladrones recently looted the munici
pal treasury at Bosobosc, In Luzon.
They captured the Presidente and cut
the tendons < f his heels. The constab
ulary pursued the band and succeeded
in recovering part of the stolen funds.
Governor Taft's departure, arranged
for to-day, has been delayed until to
morrow, the 24th List., when it i3 ex
pected be will leave fo.- the United
States, via Tok!o and Honolulu.
BEFEREE RULES AGAl'NST
TAKING UP THE SUBJECT
Area Aggregates Nearly 400,
000 Acres and Price to Be
Paid More Than $7,000,000
Bandits Rifle the Treasury
at IJosoboso and Seriously
Injure Town's Presidente
AGREEMENT IS SIGNED
Counsel for the Shipbuilding
Trust's Founders Clamors for
the Punishment of Persons
Who Gave Letters to the Press
«.
America Is Represented at. the
Function by Archbishop Se
ton and Mon.si<rnor Kennedy
HIS HOLINESS IS CHEERFUL
The assemblage then advanced and
kissed the Pontiff's hand and broke up
into small groups. Pope Pius speaking
personally to each of them.
The United States was represented at
the reception by Mgr. Seton (titular
archbishop of Heliopolis), of Newark,
N". J.. and Mgr. Kennedy, rector of the
American College.
Th*; address of Cardinal Oreglia was
of a religious character. The Pope, in
reply, spoke of the need of humility
and the detachment of all followers of
Christ from the world and the redemp
tion offered to all without reference to
social or political position. The Lord,
he said, came to save all the people,
poor and rich, although ho preferred to
hide his glory in the stable at Bethle
hem.
ROME, Dec. 23.— Th? Pope received
! all the cardinals and high prelates to
¦ day and they exchanged t"he season'"
. greetings. The function was unusually
; interesting, as it was the first of the
; kind under the present Pontiff.
The reception took place in the gor
: gecus throne room of the private apart -
j ments of the late Pope Leo XIII.. now
I renovated and used as Pope Pius' pub
! He reception room. The Pontiff, in
; spotless white robes, was seated on th?
j throne, while th? cardinals ranged
themselves in front of him, according
i to precedence. Behind them were the
; other church dignitaries in their or
j der. The dean of the Sacred College.
j Cardinal Oreglia, read a short, happily
! worded speech, to which the Pope re
i plied with his usual affability and mod
esty.
LADROXFS LOOT AND MAI3I
In common with other diplomats in
London, Baron Hayashi shares the be
lief that Russia's reply i3 not likely to
be decisive.
A dispatch to the Reuter Telegram
Company from Tokio says:
"Incessant activity prevails at mili
tary headquarters. The transport and
other arrangements are complete. The
Government is calmly awaiting the
Russian reply, which, it is hoped, will
be" forthcoming without delay. Pre3s
dispatches from Korea report continued
disturbances at Mokpho and the out
break of a Tong Haik insurrection in
Chol-La-To province. The Tong Haiks
are a party of malcontents, whose act
ivity was the immediate cause of the
war between China and Japan. These
reports create uneasiness."
Baron 'Hayashi, the Japanese Minis
ter here, in an Interview said:
"Nothing has actually been arrived
at between Great Britain and Japan
regarding the course of action that
will be pursued in the event of a Rus
so-Japanese war beyond the stipula
tions of the Anglo-Japanese treaty."
The Minister, while admitting some
such arrangement for the support of
Japan by Great Britain, fails to see
how Japan's demands can be modified.
"I am getting very pessimistic re
garding the e%'entual outcome," he said,
'"but 1 do not expect the question of
peace or war to be settled until after
the new year. If the dispute can only
be settled, by war, the present delay,
of course, is greatly to Russia's ad
vantage."
LONDON. Dec. 23.— The British For
eign Office declined to discuss the state
ments made in dispatches from Berlin
to-day. At the German and other em
bassies the impression prevailed, not,
however, based on any official infor
mation from the Eritish- Government,
that the Russian-Japanese negotiations
have reached such a point that it would
not be at all surprising if Great Brit
ain expressed her willingness, provid
ing Japan agrees to accept certain spe
cific compromises, to guarantee to back
up Japan, if necessary, by force of
alrns.
port TJiat It Will A lil Japan.
Foreign Office Declines to DIscn*s Re-
GREAT BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE.
"I see no hope," he says, "for China.
The partition of the empire, sooner or
later, is inevitable."
He is disgusted with the official life
I cf Peking and proposes to resign his
present position at the first ODportu
; nity. His experience is that of the
I majority of enlightened Chinese offl
¦ cials. He did good work in negotiating
: the commercial treaties recently signed.
I and was summoned to Peking and
'¦ given the vice presfdency of the Board
of Commerce. The president of this
important board is Prince Tsal Chen,
a youth, whose only qualification for
the position is the fact that he took a
hurried trip around the world when he
: represented China at the coronation of
| King Edward. Yet he vetoes most of
the practical proposals made by the
other members of the board.
Th,e greatest discouragement prevails
j among the provincial officials who come
! to Peking. They all declare that they
I never before found the Government so
! lacking in able men.
The nsw Chinese Board of Commerce
' has promulgated the railway laws com
piled by Wu Ting Fang, former Minis
j ter to Washington and now vice presi
dent of the board, of which Prince Tsai
' Chen, son of Princ^ Ching, is president.
'These laws are calculated to materially
' cripple the borrowing capacity of the
railway companies and to restrict the
! control of the railways to the Chinese
security holders. The regulations fur
ther restrict the holding of shares by
foreigners to a maximum of 50 per cent,
and prevent the companies borrowing
on land values, limiting the power of
' fleers are incompetent and of doubtful
| courage. ,
Sir Ernest Satow. who for more than
j three years has represented the Brit
! ish Government in Peking, sees only a
j faint prospect of war being averted.
Minister Satow was connected- with
the British diplomatic service in Japan
fcr a quarter of a century. He is one
| of the greatest living authorities on
j Japanese history ard literature and Is
in constant communication with the
i foremost statesmen of Japan. He is
; quoted as saying that any one who
imagines that Japan will not fight for
' v.hat she conceives to be her greatest
1 interests does not know the Jap'anese
: people.
Sir Richard Hart, director of the Chl
j nese imrerial maritime customs, said
to-day that he feared China would be
( the chief sufferer by the war. should it
! cccur, for she might be ground be
: tween the t^vo 'millstones.
The decadence of the Chinese Gov
j ernment has never been more conspic
i uou3!y displayed than in these times,
: when her Ministers go from legation to
; legation imploring other Governments
! to help China, without any thought of
j China 'helping herself. There Is abso
1 lutely no strong man among the ruling
i Ministers.
Wu Ting Fang, the well-known ex
j Minister to the United States, tells his
j official friends that he despairs of Chi
! na's future. „
Governor" of Philippines Ex
tends Clemeiit'y to Prisoners
on Eve of His Departure
| Felicitous Greetings Mark the
Reception Given by the New
Pontiff to High Dignitaries
Bureau iu Charge "Will Dis
pose of Holdings fo Present
Tenants on Longr Terms
In financial quarters, both in London
and Paris, confidence is still unshaken
that peace will be preserved. This con
confidence is reflected in the firmness
d Rufla'E bonds, which, though held
to only a small extent. in England, are
held in France at an amount between
$1,000,000,000 and 51.500,000.000, and it is
contended that this fact alone will in
duce Foreign Minister Dclcasse to take
the strongest efforts to prevent Rus
sia going to war. The amounttof Jap
anese bonds held in Great Britain is
said not to exceed $95,000,000.
Russia to seize Chinwrang-tao and re
port that a Japanese squadron of six
battleships has left Sasho. 25 miles
north of Nagasaki.
The Daily Telegraph correspondent
at Nagasaki says that the Japanese
fleet is replacing the local soft coal in
its bunkers with hard "Welsh steam
coal and also that all superfluous wood
work on the vessels te being removed.
The Japanese legation h*re has no
further news. Baron Hayashi. the Jap
anese Minister, and his staff will re
main in London over the Christmas
holidays.
the mortgage to the machinery and the
buildings. The railway companies must
apply for concessions to both the new
Board of Commerce and the foreign
Office.
I
', Continued From Page 1. Column 7.
PUBLICITY
ANGERS THE
PROMOTERS
POPE RECEIVES
THE CARDINALS
TAFT ISSUES
MANY PARDONS
BONDS TO BDY
FRIAR LANDS
BRITAIN WILL BE AN ALLY OF JAPAN
IF THE MIKADO IS' FORCED INTO WAR
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. DECEMBER 24. 1903.
From Los Angeles — F. H. Barnes,
at the Broadway Central; C. E. Cor
don, .at the Herald Square.'
NEW YORK, Dec. 23. — The follow
ing Californians are here: From San
Francisco — J. J. , Coleman, at the
Grand Union; W. D. Creighton, at the
Astor House; A. J. Kuster, at the
Grand Union, P. Moulton, F. F. Moul
ton and wife, at the Gilsey; P. M.
Pike, at the Union Square; O. McAl
lister. Miss E. P. McAllister, M. H. Mc-
Allister and wife, at the Manhattan;
Miss Herrin. at the Murray Hill; Miss
B. Mackenzie, at the York. .
Californians in Xcw.York.
XTXOX SCORES SCHWAB.
Says Statements In letter's Answer
Are Maliciously False.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— The follow- j
ing authorized statement was given '
out to-day at the office of Lewis
Nixon:
"Mr. Nixon has had many inquiries
as to his views relative to Mr.
Schwab's answer cf yesterday and so
gave out the following statement:
** There arc so many of his j
(Schwab's) statements that run coun- ¦
ter to my recollection that they had |
best be cleared up on the witness ;
stand. However, that I ever gave him |
or showed tb him a so-called prospec- !
tus on June 14, or that I in any way I
misled him is not only ridiculous, but j
maliciously false. I was anxious to '
keep the company going. Having sold I
none of my bonds or other securities, j
all of my interests were tied up in its I
success — and it would have been a j
success had any of the aid which a
constituent company, is expected to
give been forthcoming from Bethle
hem.* "
SUISTJX, Dec 23.— Sheriff ! Frank
Grace of Santa Rosa arrived in Suisun
] on the Oregon train to-night, having
in his charge James Girard, who was
arrested in Red Bluff yesterday,
charged 'with the' murder of Deputy
Sheriff MeKlnnon in Sonoma County a
.few weeks ago. Girard is suffering.
! from four gunshot wounds received at
the hands cf the officers who effected
his capture. Sheriff Grace was com
pelled to remain here over night "with
his prisoner to await the departure of
a train to Santa Rosa to-morrow morn
ing. Girard was given lodgings in the
County Jail and Dr. Downing was
called to "examine his wounds. The
physician says that the prisoner's pulse
is unfavorable and that he ;s undoubt
edly suffering : "considerable pain.
Girard. however,, Is very gritty and
when interviewed in the jail seemed in
different to his fate. He said . he did
not think his wounds serious, although
it,is thought one of the shots penetrated
his kidneys. ' 11^11111111^
Prisoner's Pulse Is Regarded as Un
favorable and He Undoubtedly
Is Suffering: Considerably.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23. — Rumors
are in circulation at Newmarket, X.
J., that the Smiths. heJrs of Mrs.
Charles L. Fair, have settled »r have'
agreed to settle. The story goes that
each is to receive $125,000 and dis
continue further contest. The truth
of this is doubted by the friends of
the Smiths. William " P. Smith has
gone to Colorado and this is believed
to have started the. rumors.
5
DR. PIZECE'S REMEDIES.
Babg Costs Ico fifocfi
V."i?a th<? price paid is the mother 1 * ;
health acd happiness. The father :
doesn't realize as* he ronps with the
child vbat vears of wifely suffering j
cast be set agairst the baby's laughter. '
Chronic invsiidisn is a high price to !
psv for the painful joy of tnatemity, yet !
it is &t E-^ch a cost that niany a rroaan !
* becomes a mother. Such a price is too |
such because it is core than nature asks. ;
Ey the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre- \
Kcription maternity is made practically j
painless, and a quick coavalestuce i« \
assured in almost every case. ? I
$SOO Reward fan Women
Who Cannot bo Ourod.
The proprietors and makrrs of Dr. Fierce'* ]
r-vor.te Prescription now feel rally war- ;
rzsted in offeric^ to pay $330 in" legal i
tsostf cf thr T'nited States, for iay case |
of Leucorrhea. Female Weakness, Pro!aj>- j
f us. cr Falling: cf Womb which they can- j
net care. All they ask is a fair and reason'
' able trial of their mean* of cure.
* Thrr; are thousands of sick ¦xoaicn dnjsiBg I
out a weary, «siser*b!e erittescr. who wtsuld be '¦
w«:: ±v.d hiopv did tfcey but bare my experi- j
ence with Dr. "Pierce 1 * Favorite Prescription."
wires Mrs. Annie L«i:s*n. Lady Cotriaander '
far cf Erth'ehesr. Loc^e No. 27. of so6 Jackson !
6"e^t AUasta. Ga. "Foe;: years aro I was j
c-or'vdead with :s£ar:isE;isa aad uJceratian. j
I fnfrwi diiiy ustsid a?snv. and life was « j
bu'i'a to rsn. I had used sediaae* irterciUy
sad extema:.y urti! I bad isade op inytaind J
that there wxs'co relief ia sight for me. A friend i
e « j-jjjj csdorsed your * Favorite Prescription.*
«.=¦!! eeter-nined thea to tire it a trial, it took
pit en-e ard perseverance for I was in a bad j
co='*iti=n. as £ had to cse yocr tsedicic; for
neariy f csr trrcnths betore I was cored, but what i
r. c*-^'=jre it brooirht : from despair to happirtess, |
from raisery to the delightful. exhilimtiE* fetl- j
i-jr thst ca!y health triads. I wocld not change
back icr a tho-jsasd dollars. Vocr *Prescn»- |
lisa ' is a. grand neeisae. I wish every eick j
wcaiaa trould os'.y try it and be ooaTJnced."
>Dr. Pitrce's Favorite Prescription con- j
tains co alcohol and is entirely free from j
cpirra. cocaine and all other narcotics.
The dealer who offers a substitute for
m Favorite Prescription " does so to gain
Ibc little rsor; profit paid on the sale of
less areritorioas medicines. His profit is
your loss; therefore, accept no substitute.
Dr. Pierce's Pellets resnlate the bowel*.
' AjDVEBTISE3£E2TTS.
a SLOANE 9 S"
AT
CHRIST/IAS
TIME-
Choice Selections to Choose From
Novel and Exclusive Designs
in every department.
We Invite inspection of
goods and comparison of prices.
W. & J .; SLO ANE & CO. ¦
Carpets — Furniture — Draperies
114-116-118-120-122 Post Street.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
$175,000
: : FOR : :
SAM FRANCISCO
Plan is to Treat the
Subject from a Practical
Standpoint. j
MR. A. N. JAChSOV \
Who purchased the entire stock
of the
BANKRUPT FIRM OF THE BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS OF BOS-
TON. MASS..
on the 19th inst., his secured the
premises at (
997 and 999 Market St.,
CORNER SIXTH,
¦where he intends to dispose, of ,
the same, beginning on
Monday \e.\t. the 28th inst.
The entire stock, consisting of
the latest in
Men's, Boys' and ;
Children's Suits, i
Overcoats, Pants, i
Etc. : : : : : i
will be thrown open to the pub-
lic at
Prices That Will j
Create a Furor
It is impossible to praise tliis event
too highly. Every man, u'oxnan '
and child will be enraptured with \
the great bargaia opportunities.
Wait and Watch for This
Great Event.
ALWAYS ON TIME
For Christmas or any other occasion
linen handled here is delivered whea
wanted and as wanted — In perfect condi-
tion as to cleanliness and finish — th»
shirts fit about the neck, collars and
cuffs are not rivals of saws and t'na
work in general is pleasing to the crit-
ical eye. ¦
Can you ask more or expect less? .\o
saw edg?s. .-/
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orrid: 1004 xabxst stseit.
Near Pow«ii.
Facrve Soati 430.
Gifts jff
( 'P EYEGLASSES
, h OPERA GLASSES \^
/'? KODAKS (i
j_ n J Acd Other Useful Artkfcs.
fMABKexSxVerdict of Murder Found.
. EVERETT, Wash., 'Dec. 23. — John
H. Hots, living near Snohomish, was
.shot through the heart ¦ last night by
a. chicken thief, for whom he was ly
ing in, wait. The murderer escaped.
There is no clew to his identity.
Chicken Thief Kills a Farmer.
War in the Far Hast seems an assured
fact, and many of our. Asiatic popula
tion are leaving"- for the fatherland to
fight their country's battles. There will
be a scarcity of cooks as a result, but
our San Francisco girl can save the sit
uation by buying a gas range from the
San Francisco Gas & Electric Company,
415 Post street. ¦ •
Pietrb Speranzini, "a shoemaker,- 35
iyears old, committed suicide yesterday
Iforenoon/by hanging himself in the
hallway of a hotel at 526 BroadwayT
•He was a native of Italy, and unmar
ried.- His peculiar actions % recently
gave his friends the Impression that
he was mentally deranged.
Shoemaker Hangs Himself.
REDDING. Dec. 23.— Two cars of a
southbound freight train left the rails
just north cf Delta this morning and
cut up the track for fully a quarter
of a mile. Owing to the' damage done
to the track the California Cxpres3
was delayed for several hours.
Freight Cars. Arc Derailed.
A jury is being impaneled in Judge
Lawlor's court to try the case of John
H. Powell, charged with the murder
of Special Policeman Robert A. Sam
ple 'on Folsom street, between First
and second, on the morning of August
11.' Charles Sullivan, who was impli
cated with him in the murder, was
recently tried and convicted of mur
der In the second degree.
Securing Jury for Murder Trial.
Seek Damages for Their Injuries.
Susan A. Smith, who on the 23d inst.
was severely hurt on a Fillmore-street
car, ; -d the United Railroads yester
day for$20,500 damages.
Nels N. Johnson, who while a pas
senger on a vessel owned by the
Northern Commercial. Company was
struck on the head by a piece of fly
ing machinery, sued the company yes
terday for $31,800 damages.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 23. — State
Senator Frank Davey of Marion Coun
ty has been missing from his home
since December 13 and his relatives
are much alarmed, fearing that some
mishap has overtaken him. The last
heard of Davey was at Whitney, Or.,
Grant County, from which place he
wrote to P. A". McPherson of Portland.
Oregon State Senator Disappears.
Judge SI0S3 yesterday sustained a
demurrer to . Treasurer. John McDou
gald's answer to the suit of R. H. El
der for a writ of mandate compelling
him to pay Elder's claim for $26 for
services rendered as a Police Court
stenographer and ordered the issuance
of the writ. A .stay of proceedings
was granted the Treasurer.
Elder Will Get Paid.
W. L. Marquadt. who, with M. C.
King, formerly conducted the Foun
tain saloon at 5 Mason street, sued
King yesterday to compel him to keep
his agreement to give him $1150 of the
$2000 they received for the place at a
recent sale. The money is in the
hands of Jerome Bassity, and pending
the determination of the suit he has
been restrained from turning it over
to either the plaintiff or*he defendant.
Saloon Men at Outs.
VALLEJO. Dec. 23. — The Manila,
one of the Spanish gunboats captured
in the Philippines, will be commis
sioned in a few' days, moored near the
receiving ship" Independence and
placed under the control of the com
manding officer of that ship. The Ma
nila will be in charge of a commis
sioned officer and a marine, guard of
ten men and will be used as a prison
ship.
Will Be Used as a Prison Ship.
Invert* in Pa^ndcna School Bonds.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 23. — The State
Board of Examiners to-day closed a
deal in which it purchased $50,000
worth of thl school bonds of Pasa-
•Vincent Gill and Salvatore Olieveri
were convicted yesterday morning by
Judge Fritz of drowning ducks and
fined $25 each. The arrests were
made by Deputies Ingalls and Cross,
who captured the culprits after a hard
night's work. The Fish Commission
ers are doing their utmost to break
up the practice of. drowning ducks
and offering them for sale in the mar
kets and on the streets of this city.
Broke Game Laws.
VALLEJO, Dec. 23. — Sergeant Kelly
of the marine barracks was robbed of
a watch in a lodging-house on lower
Georgia street Monday afternoon. The
door of his room was not locked and
wlusn Kelly woke up he. discovered his
pockets turned inside out and his time
piece, gold chain, locket and some
money gone. The police were notified
and David C. Carr, a painter, was ar
rested. He had sold the watch for. $10.
Srrjrcant of Marines Is Robbed.
Frank Monahan, the man who is en
amored of the wife of Walter B. Kelly,
whom he tried to kill, had the bullet
taken from his left arm at the Emer
gency Hospital yesterday by Dr. James
D. Murphy. The bullet after plowing
through the flesh of Monahan's breast
went into the arm and passed round the
bone to the rear, where it was located
yesterday and removed. Immediately
after the operation Monahan was re
moved to the City Prison at the Hall
of Justice, where he will be detained
until tried for attempt to annihilate the
Kelly family.
Monahan Taken to Prison.
SEATTLE, Waj?h., Dec. 23. — Steam
ers Jeaving Puget Sound ports for the
Orient are carrying hundreds of Chi
rese and Japanese passengers in their
steerage apartments. The heavy pro
portion of Japanese to Chinese pas
fengers is exciting comment among
I assenger official?.
Many Japanese Sail for Orient.
San Franciscan Purchases a Mine.
AUSTIN. T«x., Dec. 23. — Advices
were received here to-day from Santa
Kulalia, Mexico, that Albert C. Aiken,
an attorney of S;ui Francisco, Cal.,
has purchased from Mrs. Pedro Prieto
the famous San Juan mine, situated in
that district. The price paid for the
I-roperty was S'00,000 in gold. The
records show that this mine has pro
duced more than $50,000,000.
STEPFATHER ACCUSED
OF MURDER BY ACTRESS
Winnie Render Prefers Charges Against
C. W. Graves nnd the Man Is
Now in Jnil.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Dec. 23. — Win
nie Reader, or Mrs. Walter Halbach,
the actress, within twenty-four hours
after returning home, swore out an in
formation charging her stepfather, C.
W. Graves, with the murder of her
mother. The Coroner's jury had re
turned a verdict to the effect that Mrs.
Graves had been choked to death and
that fire had been applied to her body
afterward. Mrs. Graves' charred body
was found last Friday. The couple
had not been on good terms and di
vorce proceedings had been, instituted.
Graves is now in jail.
Judgment for the plaintiff was en
tered yesterday by the Supreme Court
in the cases of L. J. Maddux vs. J. M.
Walthall and W. D. Logan .'vs. H. C.
Keeley. Under the decision Maddux
and Logan will hold the offices of Dis
trict Attorney and County Recorder,
respectively, in Stanislaus County.
Contested Elections.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 23. — M. V. Don
aldson, a reporter, sent here recently
from Los Angeles for the purpose of
ftirring up t things politically and
otherwise, was this afternoon sent to
jail for 100 days by Judge Noyes for
contempt of court. Donaldson in a
recent article in the Los Angeles Times
referred to a "certain contractor" as
his informant concerning alleged
"grafting" by. the County Supervisors
in connection with the building of the
Courthouse. He refused to give the
name of the contractor when before
the Grand Jury and was cited for con
tempt of court. He was then given
his choice of paying a fine of $200 or
being imprisoned for 100 days In jail,
but was granted until this afternoon
to purge, himself of contempt. Fail
ing to do bo. and refusing to pay the
fine, he was committed to jail.
Refuses to Give Riverside Grand Jury
Information Concerning Charges^
Against County Officials.
REPORTER IS COMMITTED
TO JAIL FOR CONTEMPT
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 23. — At a
meeting: of the State Text Book Com
mission, held in the office of Governor
P?rd"e this afternoon, the selection
was made for the advanced State
series geography of the matter con
tained in the Natural Advanced Geog
raphy issued by the American Book
Company of New York. . The commis
sion ha* selected for the lower grade
geography the Tarr & McMorry's
Home, or Introductory. Geography.
State Text Books Are Selected.
BOSTON, Dec. 23.— Permission to use
Faneull -Hall for an exhibition of poul
try was denied by Mayor Collins to-day
in a message to the Board of Aldermen,
which had granted the privilege to the
New England Light Brahma Club.
"I regard such use of Faneuil Hall as
illegitimate and substantially a profan
ation," wrote the Mayor. "The hall is
a .esort of all patriotic visitors who
come to Boston and its use for a poul
try exhibition of any kind is ridiculous
and contaminates . acred memories."
Action of Board of Aldermen In Allow
ing Poultry Show Is Vetoed,
by the Mayor.
BARS A HEN EXHIBIT
. FROM FANEUIL HALL
After the shooting Kerr went to the
police station and told of the affair.
Policemen J. L. Murphy and W. Bolan
placed Phemister under arrest on a
charge of asault to murder.
Kerr was sent to the Emergency Hos
pital, where Dr. Boscowitz located the
bullet by means of the X-ray and sub
sequently extracted the leaden missile.
Kerr would not talk of the shooting,
and when pressed he -claimed that it
was an accident. Phemister was in a
drunken stupor when seen in his cell
at the Southern station, and he denied
shooting Kerr, who, he said, was an
old friend.
¦H. J. Kerr, a plumber, residing at 413
Harriet street, was shot in the fleshy
part of the left arm yesterday morning
by W. B. Phemister, manager of a sa
loon at the northeast corner of Fourth
and Howard streets, while the two were
engaged in a drunken brawl.
Kerr and Phemister were drinking at
the time and both men were in a quar
relsome mood. Kerr attempted to strike
Phemister, and the latter reached for a
revolver kept under the bar and flred a
phot at Kerr.
'Manager of n Fourth-Street Saloon
Wounds Friend During Progress
of Drunken Braui.
A delegation of police sergeants
waited on Mayor Schmltz yesterday
to urge himno use his influence to in
duce the Civil Service Commission to
hold the examination for promotion
from sergeant to lieutenant immedi
ately. The commission h.aa a rule
that an eligible must be six months
in his position before he can take an
other examination and this will pre
vent the newly appointed sergeants
from taking the examination if it is
held before six months have passed.
The old sergeants told the Mayor they
thought it unfair to bring the new
men in competition with them for
further promotion. The Mayor, while
inclined to the opinion that the new
men should have a chance, promised
to take the matter up. with the com
mission. It is more than likely that
another examination will be held be
fore the expiration of six months.
There is no eligible list of lieuten
ants arid as there are at least two
prospective vacancies it will be nec
essary to hold the examination soon.
Before taking action, however, the
Civil Service Commission will await
a request from the Police Commission
that the necessity exists for an eligi
ble list of lieutenants.
Police Sergeants Would Exclude New
ly Appointed Associates From
Promotion to Lieutenants.
H. j. KERR, A PLUMBER,
SHOT BY W. B. PHEMISTER
WANT CIVIL SERVICE
EXAMINATION HELD
SEATTLE. Wash.. Dec. 23. — Peter
A. Xeilsen. who claims that he was set
on the Siberian shore at East' Cape
last summer without clothing or pro
visions by John Rosen, president of
the Northeastern Siberian Company,
and others axting under Rosen's direc
tions, lias brought an action for $10,
150 damapes in the Superior Court
F.gainst the corporation, Rosen, E. B.
McCowan, who was general agent, and
one Conn^uton, who was master of the
>!anauense, from which vessel Neilsen
B.iys he was landed. Neilsen had en
tnred into a contract with the rom
patiy to prospect in Siberia for it en
equal share?.
Prospector Brings Damage Suit.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 23.— A strike of 9000
carrl^e drivers and teamsters in St.
Louis Is threatened. It is said that if
the Citizens' Industrial Association of
St. Louis, In its announced purpose to
enforce law and' order, interferes with
the proposed strike of cabmen and car
riage drivers, whlc* has been set fon
January 1st, the officers <f a dozen lo
cal unions of the Intern- ii -al Broth
erhood of Teamsters threaten that 9000
men wljl refuse to rvork r.nd that not a
pound of freight nor r ton of coal will
be moved by union* .. vntil the strike
is settled. ¦
The cabmen and carriage drivers de
mand an increase \n waj. es , of 20 to 30
p«r cent. August Donnelly, chairman
of the executive ccrr—iittee of the St.
Louis Liverymen's Aspoclation, de
clares that the liverymen will never ac
c-e to. the demands. O—cers of the
International Association of Teamsters
are here.
Drivers Declare That if They Are In
terfered With 9000 Teamsters
Will W r Hlk Out.
CABBIES IN ST. LOUIS
THREATEN TO STRIKE
UXIOXTOWN, Pa.. Dec. 23. — Con
victed of murder in the second degree
and then restored to his family, James
Swaney will pass Christmas with his
wife and twelve children at his own
fireside on ¦ the mountain . side near
Haydentown, where the crime was
committed. Then Swaney will return
to Uniontown to receive his sentence
And go to the penitentiary. The kind
ness shown by the court was agreed
to by the prosecution and four brothers
of the prisoner went on his bond for
$10,000. .*
The conviction grew out of the feud
between the Turner and Swaney fac
tions, which has been bitter for years.
It is said that William Turner, who
was the victim in this instance, was
sentenced several years ago to a year;
in Jail for a petty crime, and that, ow
ing to the inability of the Sheriff to
escort him at the time fixed. Turner
went alone to Pittshurg and presented
himself to the jailer 'for incarceration.
Convicted of Murder, James Swaney
Will Pass the Yuletide With
His Family.,
CHRISTMAS MEAL. FIRST;
THEN" TO PENITENTIARY
TACOMA, Dec. 23. — Arthur Whal
ley, a news agent of Dawson, has gone
to San Francisco to spend the holidays
with friends, including a young
woman, who will become his bride
next month. The bride-elect is Miss
Eleanor Soper, daughter of a San
Francisco physician. The marriage
will be the culmination of a Klondike
romance, though Miss Soper has never
been in the ndrth.
For a number of -years Whalley has
been associated in business at Daw
son with his cousin, Ernest M. Whal
ley, who was married in Dawson last
February to a young lady of San Fran
cisco. For business reasons it was im
possible for Ernest AVhalley to go to
San Francisco for his bride. Not der
siring that she should go north alone,
it was arranged that Arthur Whalley
should spend a month's vacation in
California last winter and on return
ing take his cousin's bride to Dawson
over the ice. He went south from
Dawson heart and fancy free. In San
Francisco he met the sweetheart of
the days of his earlier youth, with the
result that when he "left the Golden
Gate for the Klondike his former girl
friend wbs • wearing an engagement
ring. After their wedding in January
Whalley and his bride will spend a
part of the winter in Southern Cali
fornia, going thence to Dawson over
the ice. • • ¦ -
Arthur VVhalley of Daw son Is to Wed
3I!ss Kleanor Soper of San Fnm
cLseo Xext • Month.
RETURNS FROM KLONDIKE
TO CLAIM PROMISED BRIDE
PORTLAND, Dec. 23.— Shackled with
leg irons and attired in nothing but
his night clothes, Thurlow W. Parker,
alias Brown, the aJleged forger, who
has been eluding the Portland police
for weeks, walked off the sci;thbound
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany's train early this morning at
Umatllla station and made IrTs escape
while Detective Day slumbered in a
Pullman palace car berth. The officer
retired at 9 o'clock last night, leaving
his prisoner in charge of a negro por
ter, who went to sleep. Parker took ad
vantage of the porter's slumber to
make his escape.
Parker, who is but 21 years old, is
the son of -well-known residents at
Deer Lodge, Mont. He is accused of
forging more than $500 worth of checks
in Portland about six weeks ago. He
was located in Helena and arrested and
was being brought to Portland for trial.
Another man of national fame who
will address the assemblage is E. Ben
jamin Andrews, chancellor of the State
University of Nebraska. During the
campaign of 1896 Andrews was forced
out of the presidency of Brown Uni
versity for advocating the free coin
age of silver and the election of
Bryan.
Governor Heber M. Wells, a bril
liant orator and extensive stock raiser,
will have a place on the programme.
Another speaker who will attract wide
attention is Colonel John P. Irish of
San Francisco.
Paul BlcCprmlck of Montana, who
owns between 40.000 and 50,000 head
of cattle, will speak on "Market Condi
tions in 1903 and Their Remedy."
The local entertainment committee
has outlined a programme which pro
vides for one night's exploration of the
Chinese quarter, a theater party, a re
ception to the ladies, a Press Club
Fmoker and an excursion down the Co
lumbia River to th,e sea.
Perhaps the most interesting of the
many speakers will be Jerry Simpson
of Kansas, who rode into the halls of
Congress on the Populist wave of 1S92
and became widely known as "Sock
less Jerry." He w&s retired from poli
tics in 1S98 and went Into the cattle
business on a large scale in South
western Kansas. A year ago he sold
out his interests there and removed to
Roswell. N- M. For years lie has been
a prominent figure at cattle conven
tions.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 23.— The con
vention of the Natinoal Livestock As
sociation, which meets here from Jan
uary 11 to 15 inclusive, will bring to
gether a number of notable person
ages.
Special Dirpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE DE GUAYMAS, Dec. 23.—
Abraham Morales, who has just re
turned from Buenos Ayres, reports
that the savage Seri Indians who raid
ed the El Poso ranch about two weeks
ago, killing James, Fox and a number
of his men, have been cornered in the
Santa Ursula mountains by a pursu
ing party under Jose Marfa Diaz, pre
fect of police of this placed The In
dians have been pursued for days by
the persistent party under. Diaz, who
intercepted them and prevented them
from coming out in the open along the
coast and crossing to their native is
land of Tiburon. It Is believed that the
Indians are not well armed, as they
have, evidently feared to engage in a
fight with Diaz and his men.
' The band passed within a short dis
tance of Lamanga and Los Algodones
but. did not disturb the inhabitants of
either- place,- -who were prepared for a
fight, j Those . who saw the Indians say
they are all Serls and that there are
no Yaquis with them, as -was first sup
posed.* There are about thirty in the
band. The party under Diaz came up
on the remains of four horses which
had "been eaten . by the starving In
dians., When- last heard from Diaz and
his men had the Seris completely
hemmed in ' where they must either
fight or surrender, in which case their
leaders will undoubtedly be executed
and the remainder deported to Yuca
tan.
TOMBSTONE, Ariz.. Dec. 23.-Sheriff
Lewis of Coch!se County has given up
the hunt for Alvord and Stilus. He has
withdrawn all of his posses from the
field and except for the Arizona Rang
ers, ' under Captain Rynning, who is
still believed to-be in pursuit of the
escaped felons somewhere west of the
Huachuca Mountains, there are no
posses on the trail of the desperadoes.
. Deputy Sheriff Larrleu returned to
Fairbank this morning and reported
that Stiles and Alvord stopped at the
stone house of the Boquillas Cattle
Company Monday night and at the
point of two sixshooters compelled the
bookkeeper, the" only man there at the
time, to turn over two fresh horses.
They threatened to return and kill him
if he informed the officers that.thsy
had stopped there. It is now generally
believed that the outlaws havu doubled
back on their trail, dodged Uie rangers
and are now concealed at some of the
ranches In Cochise County, where they
have friends.
Special Dispatch to "fhe Call.
Entertainment Committee Out
lines a Programme of Sight-
Seeing for the Delegates
Officers Believe That Bandits
Are Being Assisted by Their
Friends ! in Cochise County
Fugitive Is Wanted in Oregon
to Answer Charge of Passing
I?ogus Checks on ' Merchants
Seris, Who Murdered Several
Men on a Cattle Ranch, Are
Thought to Be Short of Food
3AL\G LIST OF SPEAKERS
ALL TRACE OF HIM LOST
RANGERS IN THE FIELD
FIGHT IS NOW EXPECTED
Caroline Benson was a few dollars
short Friday in her room rent, and she
was also ill. When the landlady com
plained Caroline reviled her. The lat
ter had her arrested for disturbing the
peace. Before Judge Cabaniss. Mrs.
The outstretched hand of justice is
grabbing for Lily Langtry. She robbed
a man of J25 on Mission street. Admit
ted to bail, she went on her way, arid
Judge Mogan would like to see her. He
has issued a bench warrant for her ar
rest and the "entire police department
Is trying to secure her. There are ru
mors that Lily has drifted south with
the coast line limited, but if a process
from the Police Court can reach her she
will again Inhale the fog of San Fran
cisco.
• • ' •' .
There was a long wait in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday. Policeman Dan
Driscoll and Special Policeman Con
Regan were on Hand to testify to the,
worthless characcter of Thomas Hill
and Fred Tucker, arrested as vagrants.
As a matter of fact they robbed a man
by force, but the complaining witness
disappeared. In addition to this, they
are wanted for "short-changing"
Jirnmio Hoffman, the glass of fashion
and mold of form who presides over
the Bohemian cigar stand. His evi
dence would be corroborative of the
vagrancy charge. James came not,
even though he had been warned
through the process of the court. The
Judge raged. . He wanted the testimony
of Hoffman. As a final result, he issued
a bench warrant and to-day the "cig
arette idol" will have to plank -himself
on the witness stand to tell how he was
imposed on by Messrs. Hill and Tucker.
terday in Judge Mogan's court over
her only boy. His name is Frank Nel
son and he has been arrested a number
of times for petty larceny. Through
her tears the mother told the Judge
that the man was crazy. She said, he
had been kicked in the head by a mule
when he was a child and was perma
nently injured mentally. She was
was willing to toil for him with
her old hands to keep him
honest, but was unwilling to have
him go to an insane asylum. Nelson's
is rather a curious case. He will not
work and he refuses to live at home,
where his mother offers him enough to
cat and drink. He prefers to sleep in
box cars and get his sustenance by- pil
fering.* The police have arrested him a
number of times, but the pleas of the
broken-hearted mother have proved
availing. The Judge postponed sen
tence until to-day.
An old woman gave way to sobs yes-
Shackled With Leg Irons and
Attired in Night Clothes He
Drops From a 3Ioving Train
Party Led by Mexican Police
Official Overtakes Indians
in Santa* Ursula Mountains
Several Posses That Started
in Pursuit of Alvord and
Stiles Return to Tombstone
MEN OF NOTE
WILL ATTEND
Convention of .National Live
stock Associntion Promises
to Prove a Big , Success
Mrs. Nelson Says Insanity Caused by Injury in
Youth Is What Makes Her Boy Steal—Part
ners in Ocean-Beach Restaurant Fall Out
John Grace, the well-known master
of the hounds at Ingleside Coursing
Park, who. was charged with assault
to do great bodily harm on the person
of Thomas- Jordan, "was dismissed yes
terday by Judge "Cabaniss. His co
defendant, MichaelNealon, was held in
$500 bail. Jordan was formerly em
ployed on an afternoon paper and in
ah excessive zeal to secure advertising
for his publication grossly insulted
Grace and Nealon. As a result he re
ceived a beating.
• ..¦'•• •
Judge Conlan had- a bunch of vag
rants to deal with yesterday. The
Judge has an eagfe eye when he looks
dockward and all old-timers nrc known
to him. An even_.half-dozen of the in
spected "vags" were given six months
in the County Jail, lest . thoy should
attempt to force money from some
homeward-bound citizen on a dark
street. ' •• ¦,'...'
Theodore Ross was in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday charged with . belabor
ing Joseph Gadigan with a frying pan.
The alleged assault occurred .at S5 Ninth
street. :¦ After ; Rbgs : had worn out the
frying pan on the head of his friend
Gadigan he secured a carving knife
and did some further injury. "Gadigan
failed to appear in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday and. Ross was dismissed.
• • •
Edward Yarrow and Adolph Netter
went into the restaurant business at
1925 Ocean, avenue on Thanksgiving
day. Last Thursday Yarrow forcibly
ejected; his partner, Netter, from the
premises and so threatened him with
bodily injuries that he was afraid to
return to the copartnership restaurant.
Netter was before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday and testified .that he had fur
nished the capital to start the institu
tion and that. Yarrow was to furnish
the experience. There wasi no violence
proven, and the 'Judge concluded, that
it was a case that should go to the civil
courts for adjustment. The cause was
dismissed. . • ,
Benson told of her illness and poverty.
The complaining witness failed to ap
pear, so Caroline was sent on her way,
ill but rejoicing. She had beat out the
Goddess of Justice. During her brief
experience in the Police Court she ac
cused Judge Cabaniss of being in love
with the complaining witness. He mild
ly denied the charge. "Don't let this
kind of charge get to the ears of my
wife, because it might destroy the har
mony of a yuletide celebration," said
the Judge. "All right, your Honor,"
said the defendant, "but. you kept me
in Jail for two days on her sayso."
DARING FORCER
MAKES ESCAPE
HOSTILE REDS
ARE C ORNERED
GIVE UP HUNT
FOR OUTLAWS
SOBS AS SHE MAKES PLEA
FOR MERGY FOR ONLY SON
¦¦:,¦.¦- ¦ -•: - ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ . ¦--:::¦-:,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1903.
Look out fof 70 Fourth etreet (front of Keys'
»«¦"• fc«tt«a: (rcnulns ovf ulasses. 20c to 50a. •
' Figures recently published in Chris
tiania show that the amount of money
E««nt home from the United States by
immigrants' from Norway- last year was
SU.7S0.O0O.
j George GoettLnger sued the Central
¦Grain and Stock Exchange yesterday
jfor $3860 65 paid into the concern
by R. L. Walsh. A demand for the
: money by Walsh was not , complied
.with and he assigned his claim to the
'plaintiff. * . ¦: ! '
Sues for Walsh's' Money.
A Coroner's jury yesterday returned
e verdict that Mrs. Emma Benes died
on December 9 from the effects of a
gunshot wound inflicted by her hus
band, George Benes, arid that; Benes
was guilty of murder.
6
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
SEVEN FROM ONE.
It has been shown that one
bottle of Scott's Emulsion is
capable of building seven
times its weight of solid,
healthy flesh.
How is this possible ?
Because Scott's Emulsion,
is one of the richest and most
digestible of foods.
Because Scott's Emulsion
makes all good food do good.
Nothing of value to the body
is allowed to go to waste.
Because Scott's Emulsion
makes the stomach strong,
the appetite keen and the
digestion perfect
Because Scott's Emulsion
adds new flesh to the body,
puts new blood in the veins
and feeds the fires of life
called vitality.-
We"ll scad you a raicplr free opon request. '
frCOTT & B0WTCE. 409 Pearl Street, N p
ADVERTISEMENT^
Positively cored by these
Uttlo Pills,
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsf-
a<ss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
; Pain in the Side, TORPID IIVER. They
i Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dosa.
Small Price*
EVERYBLAiOftRRAhfTED
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S<?r '?>x. Steamers leave San Fraa-
/^vS^-SSX Cisco as follows:
fe%_ For Ketc&tkan. Wranjrel.
ICu ?2iS'**» vA Juneau. Hair.es. Skaguay.
! I VSS 1^ I I etc-. Alaska— 11 a. m.. r---.
\ I YPdSia/ j IT. '."-'. 27. Jun. •£. Chan«:«
\<\ Yi to company's iteamera it
VVO' -£V Seattle.
xS?t«Wi/ for Victoria. Vancouver.
r p ort Townsend. Seattle. T%-
coma Everett, Wnatcom — 11 a. m.. Dec. IT*
22. 27, Jan 2. Change at Seattle to this cottj-
pany"a steamers for Alaska and G. N. Hy. : at
Seattle cr Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at \ancouva*
i to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka tHumboIdt Bay)— Pomona. \:3O
p. m... Dec. IS. 24. 30. Jan. 5: Corona. 1:30 p.
m., Dec. 21. 27, Jan. 2.
For Lo« Anpelea (via Port Los Anseles *n<t
Redondo). San Diezo and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rcsa. Sundays. 9 a. m
State of California. Thur-flays. 9 a. in.
for Los Anrelea (via San Pedro and East
San Pedrc). £-'anta Barbara. Kanta Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford ISaa
LuJs Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 3 a. m.. L>ec. 19. 27. Jan. 4.
Bonita. 9 a. ra.. Dec. T.t. 31. Jan. 5.
For Easenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos» del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Panta Ro-
salia. Ouayma» (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacJi
month.
For further Information obtain foMer.
Right le. reserved to charge steamers or satl-
' ins date*. ¦
TXCXZIT OFFICES — 4 New Montgorn-
, ery ptreet (Palace Hotel'. 10 Market street and
I Broadway wharves. . ¦
Freight niflce. 1<> Mirket street.
CD. DUNANN. General Pa»sene»r A*ent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & /V. CO.
"ColuaKa" trails Dec. 29. Jan. 8. 13. 2S.
j Feb. 7 17 and 27: "Gecr?* W. Elder" sails
i Dec 24 Jan. 3 13 23 Feo. 2. 12 and 22.
? Only steamship line to FORTJ..AND. OR., arid
* short rail line from, Portlnnd to all point*
i East. Through tickets to all rolnts. all rail
• or steamship and rail, at LOWEST RATES.
: Steamer tickets lnctud- berth ami meals.
j Steam"* wills foot of Spear St.. at 11 a. m. 3.
tF. -BOOTH. G*n. A«t. Pass Deft.. ' X Moat-
: Korotry St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Ast. Freight
I>pt.. 3 Montgomery at.
AMERICAN LIN2.
Plymentli — Cfcarbourg- — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at »:o4> a- m-
Philadelphia ...Jan. 2] New York Jan. I»
St. Louts Jan. !)!St. Paul Jan. 23
SPECIAL NOTICE.
After January 1, 1904, American Line steam-
ers from New York for Southampton will call
I at Plymouth ard Cherbourg *> l* nd malls and
! passengers for I-omlon and Paris.
ATI^NTIC TKA2I3POBT X^JTE.
»sw Tori — iKjadoa Direct.
Minn?harui.Jin.2. 5 &m)Minnetnka.Jan.l5.3 ara
, I Mesaba. . .Ian 9, 9 ani|Menomnee,Jan.23.9 am
1 On!y First-Class PaS3enK?r3 Carried.
DOXIZnOZT LINE.
tj Portland — Xilvarpocl — Short sea passage.
I Canada Jan. UlCanarta Feb. •
Dominion Jan. 2M| Dominion Feb. 27
s BZTD STAS ItXITE.
> TXsvf York — Antwerp— Paris.
Finland Jan.2.1f>:W am: Krnld.Jaii.lii. 10 :o0 aaa
I Vadlrd.Jan.9. 10:30 amiZfylnd.Jan.23.10-.30 »a
1 WHITE STAB IJ2IE.
2ffew Tcrk — Qr.«enitown. — Xtlverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Celtic ..Dec. 30. 1 pml Teutonic, Jan. 20. 10 an)
XIaJestic .Jan. fj. 10 am'Cedric. . . Jan. 27. noon
Celtic ..Jan. 13. 2 pmlMajeatic.Feb. 3,10 ara
Cvmric .....TTT.... Jan. 21. Feb. IS, March IT
Cretlc Feb. 4. March 3» March 31
BOSTON ETODXTEBBAXTCAZr SZUVXCB.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples, Genoa.
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2. Feb. la. Mar. 2«
ROMANIC Jan. 16, Feb. 27, Apr. 9
CANOP1C Jan. SO, Mar. IS
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
. 21 Post St.. San Franelaco.
R I^^ZOREsT gTbCALTART^J JJ
li^AtorERS. ttAPSEILLtS. GZNOA^a E
jteT NAPLES 8t ALEXANDRIA. Yp THff«
REPUBLIC (new).. Jan. 2. F»b. 13. Mar. 26
J ROMANIC. »..:.. Jan. 16. Feb. 27. Apl. 8
CAXOPIC Jaji- 30. Mar. 12
I <3end for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
I Mediterranean service.
\ First class, $65 upwards
! Boston to Liverpool QuetSUn
CYMRIC Jan. 21. Feb. IS, Mar. 17
CRETIC Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
First class. $63 upward. For plans, etc.,
address
1 WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 Kiats «t..
I Boston or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post St.
1 1 '
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
.'. (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.) '
Steamers will leave wharf corner First an4
Bronnan ttreetg. at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
swd HONGKONG c&lUnj at Kobe (Hlogo).
t Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting as
i Hor.gkcn* with steamers for India, etc. No
; cargo received on board on day of -sailing.
B. S. SJIPPON MARU. (calling at Manlja)
....-.¦...-..Wednesday. December 301 1903
S, 8 AMERICA MARU
:.."... Monday January 23 1504
S.'S. HONGKONG MARC '
.... ...Wednesday. 'February -17. lS'H
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at re/luesd
rates. For freiRht and pa3i,age apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner Flr«t.
• W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
eeeafiics.s.co.ssi
SV S. SIERRA.' for Hcnolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Dec. 31. 1p.m.
S. ti.-MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Jan. «. 1004.
11 a. m.
S. S. -ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 9. 1004.
4j!s?3EH£Lli!lJS.M.,J^.rdslEnia > Si3S2rt::a
- f nt$tSSu.S2S Uartit llju He. l.tvBt II
COHPAGNIE GSSZ&ALZ TRANSATLA5TI133.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS, -^iiy
' Sailing rvery Thursday inyt-ac! of •*M\£Rtt)
I Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -»*f«E-^"
I North Illver. foot of Morton street.
¦First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond c!its« to Havre; *45 and upwaM. GEN-
' EKAL AGENCT FOR VNITKD STATES AND
! CANADA, 32 Broadway iHudson Butlding).
i ?;»w Ycrk. J. F. FUGAZl & CO.. Pacific Coast
ARt-nts*. 5 Montgcmery avenue. Saa - Francisco.
TlcKets soUl ty «11 Rallrotd Ticket Agcnta. 1
j Mare Island mad Vallejo Steamers.
j Steamer GEN. FRISBlE'or-MOXTICELLO-*
J 9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and S:S0 p. ra.. except Sunday.
I Kun Jay. 9:45 a. m.. S:3(> p. m. Leave Valiejo,
7 a. m., 12:U0 and C p. ra.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a.m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cetiti Tel.
Main 1ICS. Pier 2.- II ltslon-at.- dock. -HATCH
/ COTTOLENE.
I ®* s Reputation
1 Q^sL^> IstlieShorteningsllelI^ es
H flllK Tha quality of your fcod is all important, |
H kIH» y^^Hlil aS any g ° 0C * C °°k W '^ te^ y0U- 1Stl * S0 K
H ifiiiuM. y^^^nlll much what you eat and how much you eat, j|
Hi! w/llffl»>X *^J ySRllllI k ut " ra ther, how it is cooked and how easily fe
H i!i*ir^ y^^/j^lwR. ri d 'E ests - Food cooked with lard isn't the |
H «iiL s 4f Rimiii r]s^ sor ' °^ ooc * or any stcmacn • ft ' s k
PI ** sure to cause trou bl3 sooner or later. |;
Era ¦ g. On the contrary, the most delicate stom- I
Kg ' / 1 / ac^ can d'2 est e richest sort of food if I
H I , ii(V * H**«rrs* Gift item the Swsny $v*tk E
pi I \ Cottolena is pure, palatable, nourishing, 1
|§ I iV;i> v-A i s mada from refined vegetable oil and I
h§ If J choice beef suet, and contains nothing but p
laElIs/ * ia a^ w^' cn ' s healthful and easily assim- l£
SHiHliililllilinillllltlllllHulm Just throw your P rs J" udice for untried i
m ili 1 8 1111 Him thin * 3 to the winds and ask y° ur e rocer h
m Ilil 1 fflffllMVBft for a P ail of Cottolene. If you ever C o |
BPIIH back to lard, we'll miss our jtucss. |
pi Ppiillh. .^i- USE Vi L ESS. Cottolene being fc
|H a^ '• richer than either lard cr cooking: P
|pL4 j^ir _^ butter, one-third less is required. feOn Friday. December 25. Christmas day, the
California Ncrthw««tern Railway will sell tick
ets at half rates, or one fare for the round trip,
with return limit Saturday. December 2t», from
San Francisco to :he following points:
j-t. Vtnc*nt. Ipiaclo, Novato. Petaluma. Penn
Grove. Cctftti. Hanta Rcsa. Fulton. Windsor.
Healdsburg Lytton. Geyserville Astl. C16ver
rlale. I'rertnn. Hopland, GuerneviUe. Pchellvllle,
Vtneburs. Sonoma. An* Catlente, Verano. Glen
Eilrn. Sebactcpcl, Ukiab. Williu and points In
termediate. *
Holiday Rates.
Appointments by McClellan.
NEW YORK. Dec. ' 23.—Mayor
elect McClellan to-night announced
the appointments of former Assistant
Secretary of the Navy William Me-
Adoo as Police Commissioner, Maurice
Featherstone as Dock Commissioner
and John C. Hcrtle and William Har
mon Black as Commissioners of Ac
counts. . '
WELL KNOWN' 31INER DIES.
•James Butteruorth Randol. Prom
inent in California^ Yields to j
V Heart Disease.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.-James Butter
worth Randol, who was engaged ac
tively for the last thirty years Jn large
mining enterprises, died to-day at his
residence in this city from heart disease,
after an illness of several months. He
was born in Newburg. N. Y., in 1836.
He was an expert in the reduction" of
quicksilver" ores and was for ' twenty
four years manager of the New Alma
den mines in' California, v He was a di
rector of the Bank of California. He is
survived by a widow and five "children.
He was a member of the Pacific Union
Club of San Francisco. . ; . .; .. •
SAX JOSE. Dec." 23.— James TButter
worth Randol was for twenty-four
Jnct received, latest Parisian novelties. Xma»
rlnv* nr<1*r«. DftnicbefT. 121 (>ni«l •«« •
x\ Holiday Well Spent.
Holidays passed at Paso Robles Hot Springs
are well spent. Th- mud or water baths from
the famed medicinal springs cure the aches and
quiet the nerves; invigorating mountain air re
news strength, and trlorious golden sunshine
gives warmth and life: fine drives in scenis
country eurroundlns afford constant pleasure.
Best of fare and service at famous hotel. Round
trip tickets only 57 20, For reservations apply
to W A. Junker, manager, Paso Robles Hot
Springs California. :.*; • •«.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Dec. 23.— Pope
Barrow, Judge of the Superior Court
and who was United States - Senator
from 1882 to 1SSS, died suddenly to-day,
aged 62 years.
Former Senator Passes Away.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 23. — The most
exciting election ever held by the San
Rafael fire department took place last
night. The city Board of Trustees
has made the office of Chief Engineer
of the department a pay one and the
prize was sought after by three mem
bers of the department. Louis Hughes
was elected on the second ballot.
Hughes was chief of the department
during the flrebug scare here a year
ago and through hi3 knowledge of fire
fighting saved much valuable prop
erty. John S. Whitney was elected
secretary and City Trustee Henry
Gieske treasurer. The other, officers
are: Flr3t assistant, Daniel Schneider;
second assistant. William Nelson;
trustee, D. W. Martens; stewards, J.
J. McGuire and George Fitzroy.
Fire Fighters Elect Officers.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Rear Admiral
Edwin White, retired, was stricken by
apoplexy at the navy-yard to-day and
died before medical aid could be sum
moned. He had come from his home
in Princeton to visit Rear Admiral
Rodgers, commandant of the navy
yard.
Rear Admiral White was a native of
Ohio and entered the naval service on
November 29, 1861. He was made' a rear
admiral upon the day of his retirement
—December 28, 1S9S.
Death of Rear Admiral White.
DETROIT. Mich., Dec. 23.— Frank
C. Andrews, formerly vice president of
the wrecked City Savings Bank of this
city, who was released -from the State
Penitentiary on parole at midnight,
arrived at his home here to-day. In
a statement he said:
"My first care will be to clear up
the tiresome " controversies and end
the legal tangles, the continued pub
licity of which is placing the banking
institutions of Detroit in a bad light
"I'll work night and day until I
have paid every penny I owe. It. is
the ambition of my life to bring about
that day. I go equipped with good
health, energy, experience andi youth."
Disgraced Former Vice President
Says He Will Refund Last
Dollar He Owes.
BANK OFFICIAL SAYS IIE
WILL PAY MONEY BACK
Lincoln's Old Partner Dead.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.— Hiram W. Beek
wlth, a law partner of Abraham Lin
coln from 1S5S to 1S61, is dead at St.
Luke's Hospital here, at the age of 72.
His father was one of the founders of
Danville, in 1813.
LOS ANGELES. D*c. 23.— A. S. Rolllm. a
carpenter. CO years old and married, was run
down and instantly ktHed by the Ocean Park
"flyer" electric car while crosslnjc the track at
Sixteenth street and Western avenue this morn
ing. ¦¦
Ventura Loses a Prominent Resident.
VENTURA, Dec. 23.— L. F. Eastin,
a prominent citizen of this county
since the time of its organization in
1873, died last night at Nordhoff of
dropsy. The deceased was a lawyer
and prominent Democrat. He served
fourteen years as County Clerk of this
county and two years as County Com
missioner. He was for several years
editor and proprietor of the Ventura
Weekly Independent and was one of the
organizers and secretaries of the Ven
tura County Pioneer Society. He was
a member of the Masonic order.
Superior Judge Hunt, sitting for
Judge Troutt. yesterday signed a de
cree of distribution of the estate of
the late Lewis Gerstle. By the decree
the Gcrstle estate, which is estimated
to be worth a million or more, is now
the property of Mrs. Hannah Geretle,
widow of the deceased, to whom it
was devised in Gerstle's will. The
final account filed with the petition
shows Mrs. <5erstle will receive $82,-
C26 cash, a half interest in the firm
of Louis Sloss & Co., bonds of the
United Railroads worth 542,000 and
many other valuable securities.
Gcrstle Estate Distributed.
The finance committee will, begin
active work immediately after the hol
idays and there is no doubt that gen
erous support will be given to this
movement by all classes of business.
The committees in charge of the
San Francisco exhibit at the coming
world's fair are as follows: General
committee — T. J. Srmmes, chairman;
L. M. King, secretary; F. H. Colburn,
assistant secretary. Executive com
mittee — E. B. Pond, chairman; H. U.
Brandenstein. C. S. Laumeister, Irv
ing F. Moulton, Joseph Sloss. Com
mittee on display — James D. Phelan,
chairman; T. C. Jenkins. E. O. Me-
Cormlck. W. H. Mills. F. J. Symmes.
The committee representing the
commercial organizations that have in
charge the special San Francisco ex
hibit at St. Louis held a meeting yes
terday afternoon. Attractive propo
sals were considered, but the commit
tee will not place contracts until the
funds are actually available.
A fine set of colored stereopticon
views, also moving pictures, is being
prepared to illustrate the free lec
tures about San Francisco, which will
be given daily at St. Louis during the
exposition.
Photographs of the local markets in
holiday form were secured this week
and will serve to show our midwinter
fresh fruits and vegetables. At half
past 10 o'clock Christmas day a mov
ing picture will be taken at the Cliff
House beach, showing the members of
the Olympic Club swimming in the
surf.
Men in Chnnrc of the Exhibit of This
City at the Coming Expo
sition Convene.
SAN FRANCISCO WORLD'S
FAIR COMMITTEE MEETS
UKIAH. Dec. 23.— Philip Ha?re
mann. the proprietor of a bakery on
Howard street, near Sixth, in San
Francisco, was accidentally killed at
Philo this morning by a falling tree.
He was watching some men fell a
large redwood, when it suddenly top
pled over on him and crushed him to
death.
Killed by a Falling Tree.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — James Ney
lan, a pioneer resident of this city,
died at his home, 1267 Eighth street,
this morning at the ripe age of 75
years. Mr. Neylan came to California
in 1S50, was for years a successful
miner, later engaged in the wholesale
lumber business in Mendocino County
and for some years has been in' the re
tall lumber business in San Francisco.
He lived in Oakland for thirty-five
years. He leaves a widow and six
children, Joseph, John, James, Mary,
Ellen and Cecelia Neylan. The fun
eral will be held Saturday from St.
Patrick's Church, West Oakland.
Oakland Pioneer Dies.
VALLEJO. Dec. 23. — The residence
of Oliver Muth at Crockett caught fire
from a defective flue this morning and
owing to a lack of water and fire ap
paratus was badlv gutted. The fire
boat Leslie, while on the way to the
ecene from the navy yard, went
aground off Commission Rock and
whistled loudly for help, the whistles
causing jnuch excitement both in
Mare Island and Vallejo. The tug
Unadilla went to the rescue and after
tiard work towed the Leslie off.
Fircboat Leslie Runs Aground.
SUISl'N. Dec. 23. — Joe Howard,
aged 12; John Everding. 16. and John
Clark. 17. have been sentenced by
Judge Buckles to the Whittier Re
form School, the first two for implica
tion in the burglary of a saloon in
Benicla and the last for robbing a
freight car at Elmira. Howard and
Everding are from San Francisco.
Boys Are Sent to Reform School.
KANSAS CITT, Mo., Dec. 23.—Sam
uel W. Lee. aged 30, shot and killed
his sister-in-law, Florence Lee, aged
22, at his home here to-day and then
attempted suicide.
Lee was a widower and his sister
in-law, whose name was the same as
his own. had been his housekeeper.
To-day she announced her intention to
marry a man in Kansas City. Kans.,
and made preparations to leave the
house. After vainly trying to persuade
her to marry him. Lee shot the woman
four times and then fired two bullets
into his own'breast. When neighbors
broke into the house the woman was
dead.
Lee snatched up a razor and, run
ning into the street, followed by a half
dozen persons, slashed his throat as he
ran. He is fatally wounded.
Missouri Man Wreaks Vengeance on
the Woman Who Refused to
• Marry Him.
KILLS SISTER-IN-LAW
AND ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
years manager and general agent of the
New Almaden Quicksilver Mining Com
pany, which he brought from an almost
bankrupt state to great prosperity. One
son, Fred, resides here, where decedent
leaves a valuable estate. His age was
67 years.
DISTINGUISHED EDUCATOR
WHO DIED AT HIS BERKE
LEY HOME, YESTERDAY.. .
Accidentally Shoots Father anil Sister.
•
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 23. —Daniel
Lorenzo, a boy. was unloading a gun
at his home this morning, when he
accidentally discharged the weapon,
wounding his father. M. Lorenzo, and
his sister. Adelina. eight years of age.
Lorenzo was in a bedroom and the
charge of shot went through a wooden
partition into an adjoining room,
where his father and sister were sit
ting. The girl was shot in tho back
and the father in the arm and lej.
Their wounds are not serious.
BERKELEY. Dec. 23.— Feliclen Vic
tor Paget. emeritus professor of the Ro
manic languages and literature at the
University of California, passed away
to-day at his home, 2737 Dwlght way.
after a long struggle against illness.
Apoplexy is given as the immediate
cause of death, though Professor Paget
had been in failing health for more
than a year from other causes. His
illness was so weakening that he had
been unable to participate actively in
the university's work r and at the April
meeting of the Board of Regents, that
he mieht be relieved of some of his
burdens, he was made professor emeri
tus. He did not resume his work, how
ever, when the fall term* began, as he
became gradually weaker. A hamor
rhage three weeks ago decided his fate
and hastened the end that came at an
early hour this morning.
Anxiety for her husband and a long
period of nursing have had a grave ef
fect upon the health of Madame Paget,
and she is now so ill that she is not
expected to survive for long. She had
lately been unable to care for her hus
band and lies a hopeless invalid.
Professor Pacet had been a member
of the faculty of the University of Cali
fornia fc-r sixteen years. He* came to
the university in 1SS7 as an instructor
in French and Spanish, being the first
instructor in the department of Ro
manic languages, which was enlarged
from time to time under his direction.
In 1S91 he was promoted to an assistant
professorship. In 1893 to an associate
professorship and in 1S94 he was ap
pointed professor of the French and
Spanish languages. In 1S98 his title
was extended to include the French
and Spanish literatures, as weJl as the
languages, and in 1900 the wording was
changed to "Professor of the Romanic
languages and literatures." During his
long service Professor Paget endeared
himself to his many associates and stu
dents and was much revered for his
kindliness and generosity.
The nativity of Professor Paget was
Petit-Villard, France, where he was
born on June 27. 1833. his age being,
therefore, 70 years. His was an old and
honorable family of Franche-Comte.
He studied at the University of Stras
bourg, which gave . him the degree of
Bachelier des Lettres on November 6.
1S62. The University of Grenoble grant
ed him the degree of Bachelier des Sci
ences on November 7, 1S65. In his col
lege education his attention was de
voted particularly to the classics and
history, his researches carrying him to
many places about Europe.
When th« Franco-Prussian war broke
out, young Paget joined the French
army as an officer in the Francs Ti
reurs. In 1S79, while in Paris, he mar
ried Emmanuel Marie Jacquet, who
survives him.
At the close of the war Professor
Paget came to America and later to
San Francisco. He taught the French
and Spanish languages and lectured.
He was particularly interested in the
exposition of Victor Hugo and the phi
lology of old French. In collaboration
with Professor Edward T. Owen of
the University of Wisconsin, formerly
professor of French at the University
of California, he published annotated
editions of the "Les Travailleurs de la
Mer," by Victor Hugo; of "Ursule
Mirouet," by M. de Balzac, and " ot
"Cinq-Mars," by Alfred de Vigny. .
The funeral of Professor Paget will
be held to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock from the Jate residence. Rev.
A. R. Wooster of the Swedenborgian
Church o*f San Francisco will officiate.
The contract for bituminizing Dupont
street from Pacific to Broadway was
awarded to the City. Street Improve
ment Company, and that for construct
ing sheds and doing the yard work of
the Noe Valley School to J. J. Dowling.
The board was served with injunc
tion papers restraining it from inter
fering with the tearing up of Filbert
street for the purpose of laying a spur
track thereon, for which a permit was
granted by the Board of Supervisors to
the St. Mary's Help Hospital.
The petition of the Baldwin Contract
ing Company for permission to grade
Lombard street between Sansome and
Winthrop was denied. G. Folsom com
plained that the company had used ex
cessive charges of dynamite in blast
ing on the street and Officer J. N.
Beach was detailed to stop the opera
tions, as the Board of Supervisors had
rescinded all former blasting permits.
Action on the proposed grade changes
on Parnassus avenue from Third to
Seventh was postponed until . next
Tuesday. Protests were registered by
tht? Sutro estate and Attorney Snook,
representing the Regents of the State
University.
This decision on the part of the Civil
> Service Commission Is practically an
' ; approval of the star.d taken by the
; Board of Public Works in refusing to
; comply with the request of the Board
I of Education that James B. McSheehy.
! inspector of school buildings, be dis
j missed. The Board of Works insists
i that McSheehy, who is a civil service
| man, be retained to supervise neces
; sary repairs to seventy-five school
j buildings.' As McSheehy was certified
' from the list of inspector of school
j buildings, the board is fortified in its
! position by the mandate of the Civil
I Service Commission.
Attorney Garoutte and Assistant En
| gineer Forbes of the Spring Valley Wa
i ter Works appeared before the board
relative to the opening of Nineteenth
avenue. They stated that the directors
of the corporation will meet shortly
to take steps to convey the necessary
land to the city for the purpose, an ap
propriation having been made to pur
! chase the land.
TOO MUCH DYNAMITE.
The commission suggests that requi
sition bo made for the certification of
an aDDlicant from any of .these lists
for appointment as storekeeper of the
Board of Education. The comm>slon
has approved Commary's appointment
for December, but says that in* view of
the statement of the duties of his posi
tion such approval is not to be con
sidered a precedent for the future ap
pointment of Commary, who is a tem
porary nc-n-civil service employe, to the
position he now occupies.
UPHOLDS WORKS BOARD.
The Civil Service Commission yes
terday notified the Board of Public
Works that th^ duties now performed
by W. F. Commary as storekeeper for
the Board of Education should be per
formed by an eligible applicant from
any of the three following lists: In
spector t! school buildings, bookkeep
ers. Board of Public Works, and expe
rienced clerks". Board of Public Works.
The case of the "Xymphia." "decided by
Juijres Hebbard and Murasky, Is !n no way a
parallel case to this; the same 1* true of th<?
rase of Pon and Vincent and Lair, decided re
spectively by Judges Seawell and Kerrigan;
likewise the case of Sellinger. decided by my
self. None of the**, cases presented anything
having the best analogy to this. The case of
Paris, hereinbefore referred to, decided by
Judge Seawell, is similar to this case and. as
before stated, for the reasons given In Judge
Seawell's opinion in that case, the injunction
h«re prayed for must be granted. Plaintiff
will prepare flndlncs.
I can see no distinction between this case
and the case of Paris vs. Wltfman, tried and
decided in Department No. 1 of this court: and
for the reasons given by Judge Seawell In his
opinion filed In that case I am satisfied that
plaintiff herein ehould have judgment as
prayed for in his complaint.
Of course the injunction can only prevent
trespass and the unlawful acts of the defend
ant; that whloh the law permits him to do he
can continue to do. He undoubtedly has the
right to enter the premises for the purpoee of
serving a warrant, order, wriP or crocess of
court if any he bas. or to make an arrest for
a crime committed within his view or presence,
or to prevent treason, felony or breach of the
peace: but no man. whether he b-; an officer or
mere citixen, has the rleht to picket, blockade
or interfere with the legitimate business of
another, and to place officers or nen In front
of a man's place of business and stop every
person entering the premise?, to take th-ir
names or In any way to Intimidate those seek
ing to enter ruch premises, as an unlawful in
terference with the business therein conducted,
and can unquestionably be srevented by in
junction; it is unlawful and It is a trespass
against the rights of another.
It 'Is no answer to say. as does defendant's
counsel, that no place can be made a sanc
tuary for crime. It Is clear from the evidence
in this case, that no crime is even charged to
have been committed In the restaurant or
ctuar store of Dlalntlff, and If crime is com
mitted in the rear of the premises In which
plaintiff's business Is located the law Is am
ply sufficient to prevent Its becoming .a sanc
tuary for crime: a warrant of arrest will meet
the situation: or If the arrest is to be for
treason, felony or breach of the public peace
by loud and tumultuous noLses. the arrest can
be made without any warrant, because for
such ruryioses private premises may be law
fully entered.
Judge Cook handed down n decision
yesterday afternoon on the application
for an injunction made by Jean Pon,
owner and proprietor of a restaurant
and cigar business at 1129 Dupont
street to restrain the police through
Chief Wittman from trespassing upon
the entrance to the premises en which
his places of business are located, al
leging such trespassing to be an injury.
The Judge granted the injunction and
ordered the plaintiff to prepare findings.
At the same time the Judge handed
down a decision in the case of George
Sellinger against Chief Wittman deny
ing Selllnger's motion for a new trial.
Sellinger *s the lessee of th? buildings
in the rear of «Pon's restaurant. They
are used for immoral purposes and Sel-
Unger applied for an injunction to re
strainHhe police from trespassing upon
his premises, but the Judge refused to
grant it.
In regard to the Pon case the de
cision says: •
The tow completed to-night is the
longest ever undertaken on the Pacific.
Few tugs could have lived through tha
storms encountered by the Tyee on her
voyage north. She rode out gales
which wrecked the Nome steamer Dis
covery, with. the loss of twenty-five or
thirty lives, and which tested the sea
worthiness of such stanch vessels as
the Nome City and the Bctha. So rough
was the weather that it took the Tyee
nearly as long to make the run to
Dutch Harbor as it did for her to bring
the heavy and unwieldy tow back. The
tug reached Dutch Harbor November
18. She set out oh the return voyage
November 22.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Dec. 23.— Complet
ing one of the longest and most diffi
cult tows on record, the tug Tyee, with
the disabled freight steamship Meteor,
arrived to-nisht from Dutch Harbor.
Since leaving Seattle two months ago
the Tyee has completed more than 50<X>
miles of sea travel. Three months ago
the Meteor, in command of Captain
Charles W. Ames, set sail from this
port under charter to the North Ameri
can Transportation and Trading Com
pany with 2400 tons of coal and gen
eral freight for St. Michaels. She got
within less than 100 miles of her desti
nation, when en the morning of Octo
ber 6 she broke down in Bering Sea at
a point sixty-seven miles south of
Nome. Her mishap consisted of the
loss of her rudder and rudder post,
which in clearing the ship carried away
the flukes of the propeller. Thus dis
abled, the Meteor drifted sixteen miles
down toward the Yukon fiat, where
she was picked up by her sister ship,
the steamship Eureka, and towed back
to Dutch Harbor. The Eureka was at
that time under charter to the North
western Commercial Company, though
she and the Meteor are owned by the
Globe Navigation Company. At Dutch
Harbor the Eureka left the Meteor and
it was to tow the latter on to this port
that the Tyee. with Captain John S.
Boiling as master, was dispatched
north.
J. J. Aghew. husband of the preced
ing witness, gave similar evidence. He
acknowledged Dunsmuir as an intelli
gent business man with none of hi3
faculties impaired. The only business
transaction he had with him was in
regard to buying a pair of horses for
him. He testified as to the signing of
the will and gave evidence, as did his
wife, that Dunsmuir did not wish either
Willie ei\Edna (Mrs. Wallace's children)
to have any of his money, and that
Dunsmuir intended James Dunsmuir,
his brother, to be his heir.
The wedding of the late Alexander
Dunsmuir and Mrs. Wallace was a dry
affair, so said John K. Agnew, on cross
examination. Mrs. Wallace had sent
some champagne, but it was not open
ed. He had not. thought, he said, that
this was to prevent Alexander Duns
muir from getting it. After dinner the
will had been signed in his presence
and that of Messrs. Lowe, Taylor and
James Dunsmuir.
Mrs. Agnew was questioned at length
by counsel, tending to show there had
been a break in their friendship. She
said she had not visited Mrs. Duns
muir much after that, they having
been estranged on account of some
slight differences. She had tried to
see Mrs. Dunsmuir when she was dy
ing, but had been told Mrs. Dungmuir
would not see her.
Mrs. Wallace j had made a will in
1898. or in the early part of 1S99.
whjch the witness witnessed. This had
been given to Alexander Dunsmuir to
read. He objected to it. stating he
would not allow her to leave any of the
property to Mrs. Hopper, and tore the
will up and threw it into the fire.
As to Dunsmuir drinking, witness
said he was ill occasionally and Mrs.
Wallace had told her this was due to
excessive drinking.
In answer to a scries of questions in
regard to witness having consulted at
torneys who were preparing a defense
in this action, she said he ha,d expressed
strong disapproval of Mrs. Hopper's ac
tion In bringing suit on one visit paid
her by Attorney Heinman a^t her house.
She denied having said to some people
that ""two- words of mine one way or
the other would settle this case."
Counsel questioned at length regard
ing the interview of James and Alexan
der Dunsmuir when arrangements were
made for an allowance of a thousand
dollars a month to Mrs. Wallace. Wit
ness sa!d" Mrs. Wallace had often inti
mated tc her her anxiety regarding fu
ture financial arrangements, and al
ways had implicit reliance in James
Dunsmuir's good intent toward her.
VICTORIA. Dec. 23.— In the Hop
per-Dunsmuir will case to-day Mrs.
Ajrnew, who yesterday afternoon gave
evidence that Alexander Dunsmuir had
always spoken, to the effect that he
intended James Dunsmuir to be his
heir, was cross-examined by counsel
for Edna Wallace Hopper. She said
that as an intimate friend of Mrs.
Wallace she had known her relations
to Alexander Dunsmuir. Mrs. Wal
lace always. told witness she expected
Alexander Dunsmuir' to marry her.
The reason why he had not done so
at once was because he hacTfeared his
mother (who is an intervener in this
case) would cut him off.
Mrs. Agnew also told of having gone
to Rev. E. B. Shaw of Oakland about
a couple of weeks before the mar
riage at the request of both Alexander
Dunsmuir and Mrs. Wallace. She had
at that time told the Rev. Mr. Shaw
that Dunsmuir and Mrs. Wallace had
been living together under contract to
each other.
The choir of the Cathedral Mission
• >f ih^ Good Samaritan will sing carols
on Thursday evening as for many
years at the principal hotels of the
city.
The Church of the Ad%*ent will pre
sent a glittering spectacle Christmas
day. . Low masses will be sung at 6, 7
sr.d & o'clock in the morning, while at
11 o'clock the accessories of a great and
• •'.aborstc service will be present in
hundreds of lights, with music by pro
fessionals assisting the regular choir,
and altogether giving an effect that is
possible f««r high church ritual. The
new organ of the church is completed
p.nd will be used for the first time.
Father Parrish will preach--
St. John's the Evangelist, with Rev.
E. I.. i?anford as rector, will not be
behindhand in the elaboration and
boauty of its services and decorations.
Numerous services, \ ith added music.
are nnnounceit A children's festival.
mith a tr^e. will be given In the guild
room "n the evening of Tuesday fol
•.,-.v j r . = <*hristmas.
St. Mark's. Berkeley, announces an
eany celebration— at € a. m. Christmas
rr.crning, at which the mixed choir
vjii be present and participate. At S
o'clock a quiet celebration will be held,
and again at. 11. when a choir of seven
ty voices will sing hymns and an
thems appropriate to the day. Rev.
George E. Swan officiates at all the
services, ar.d will preach. A Christmas
tree for the Sunday-school will be held
on Tuesday, the 29th inst.
At Trinity Church the trimmings are
elaborate and in special good taste.
L^uis Eaton, the organist, announces a
magnificent musical programme, with
added orchestral effects. An early cele
bration at 7 o'clock will precede the
high one at 11 o'clock. A children's fes
tival, with tree and gifts, is to be given
to the Sunday-school on Tuesday. Rev.
Dr. Frederick W. Clampett will preach
a sermon appropriate to the season at
the Christmas service.
n the more 'prominent of the Episco
ral churches the Christmas season of
IS03 will be more elaborately observed
than for many years. The young peo
ple cf the parishes have taken charge
<•{ the adornment, and the result prom
ises a magnificent display of evergreen
and floral beauties. Especially is this
the case in Grace Church, which archi
tectural ;y is perfectly adapted for dis
playing taste in arrangement in fes
lootiing wreaths of pine and holly, with
which the pillars and arches are en
veloped. At this church there will be
the early eucharist and full service at
midday. An orchestra will be added to
the great organ, and an unusual pro
gramme is announced, that will be im
posing and artistic.
Young People Using Extra
Efforts in Decorating the
Various Houses of Worship
Court Finds Nothing, However,
to Warrant a New Trial in
the Case of George Sellinger
Rides Out Fierce Storm Which
Wrecked the Discovery and
Caused Heavy Loss of Life
More Testimony Is Given Rela
tive to the Signing of the Dis
puted Testamentary Will
Spring Valley Company to Con
vey Necessary Land for Ex
tension of Nineteenth Avenue
ENCOUNTERS MANY GALES
BLOCKADE IS NOT LEGAL
BLASTING 'IS STOPPED
SHARP CROSS - EXAMINING
FINK MUSIC PROGRAMMES
Civil Service Commission Says
Commary Must Be Replaced
by a Man on Eligible List
Tug: Tyee Arrives at Seattle
With the Disabled Freight
Steamer After a Rough Trip
Application of Jean Pon for
an Injunction Against Chief
Wittman Is Granted by Cook
Witnesses Declare That Alex
ander Duusmuir Was Always
Able to Attend to Business
Episcopal Churches Preparing:
for Services More Elaborate
Than Ever Held Before
Distinguished Instructor of Romanic Languages
and Literatures Passes Away After Long and
Illustrious Career at His Home in Berkeley
JUDGE DEFINES
POLICE RIGHTS
WORKS BOARD
IS SUSTAINED
BRINGS METEOR
SAFE TO PORT
WILL CONTEST
NEARINC CLOSE
PROFESSOR PAGET ANSWERS
LAST CALL AT RIPE AGE
MAKING READY
FOR CHRISTMAS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; DECEMBER "24, 1903.
7
SEE THE PICTURES
"THE TOIL FOR MIL-
LIONS"
By Senator Clark Who Has
Over Two Hundred
of Them.
NEW YEAR'S EDITION
NEXT SUNDAY CALLT
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Physician to the Late Pope Leo XIIL, and Now Phy-
sician in Ordinary to Pope Pius X., Finds
Buffalo Lithia Water
Of "Marvelous Efficacy in Gout Rheumatism.
Gastro-intestinal Dyspepsia, and in all the
Various Forms of Uric Acid Diathesis."
Following Is Exact Translation of Dr. Lapponl's Testimonial
as Wrltton by Himself:
Rome, August 24, 1903.— In the Hospital of San Giovanni OOibriU (del
Fatebene Fratelli) in Rome, directed by myself, I bmve largely experimented
irith ths natural mineral water, placed Oirer a I f| I ITH1Q WATT"?
in commerce under the name of IHIf FAUI LflfUA TOlfcK
and am glad to be able to attest that, by it» richness of composition of llthia,
it is of marvelous efficacy in cases of Gout, of Chronic, Articular and Muscular
Rheumatism, of Hepatic Congestions and Functional Disorders, of Gastro-
intestinal Dyspepsia, of GraTcl and Renal Insufficiency, of light Nephritic
Affections and of all the various forms of Uric Acid Diathesis. . '( ;.r
The same water is also to be recommended highly in the initial processes oj
Arterio-sclerosis and in obstinate forms of Bronchial Asthma.
May also be used as a good table trater. So much I declare for the truth.
(Signed) Prof. Gicseppi Lappoxi,
Principal Physician of the Hospital of San Giovanni Calibrita (del Fatebeng
, Fratelli) in Rome, Member of the Academy of Medicine of Rome, etc. , etc.
Dr. A. Gabriel Pouchet, Professor of Pharmacology and Muleri*
Medica of ike Faculty of Medicine, Paris; Director of the Laboratory of the
Consulting Committee of Public Hygiene of France, m an analytical report.
dated Paris, February xath, 1897, demonstrates beyond question the solvent
andeliminat- |h» G EIAl ITU1A Wax*7T> in vesical and renal calculi,
ing power of IHJI FALO LITHIA WftTfcK and. at the same time,
strongly confirms the claim made by Dr. Lappooi for this vater in Gout,
Rheumatism and all troubles dependent upon an Uric Acid Diathesis.
Both Springs, No. 1 and No. 2, are valuablc.and No. 1 specific in all chronic
Malarial Poisoning. # ."".' '
n, ,-, « , . r. _. «aj. ,..!¦-. is for sale bv Grocers and Druggists
BUFFALO LITHIA WflQTER generally. -Testimonials which defy
all imputation or question sent to any address.
PROPRIETOR BUFFALO LITHIA SPRINGS, VIRGINIA,
I aOLOarjto. bovxh as CO. rxacerserat*&). 8*a Traaciaco. CaJ.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SEVERElOLD
Is nearly always followed by seri-
ous complications. Protect the
system: from sudden Colds, Chills
or attacks of Malaria, Fever and
Ague by taking Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters. It is the best safe-
guard in existence and at this
reason of the year no home
should be without it. It will also
cure Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Ner-
vousness, Insomnia and Kidney
Troubles. Be sure to try it. Ask
your druggist for our 1904 Alma-
nac.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
W0FA* J - B0TTLED I
' SOLD LVERTWHCRE. ¦
UILHERT MKl'.CAXTILt CO.. Q
: Pacific Ci<ast Afreets. J
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great j
MUSEUM OF AHATOMY^
0 (2) if] «.twtf^M>wri>M»i
J JTr Tbc U-|ii Autoaica! Museum ia ib< \
|j V. or d W'e»k«*»««* «r *aj- ir»tr»».ird A
• /"¦£ £*Q d;i«<f p»»lil»r-ly rmr*>4 I j ?h» r.iatji Y
Q i^5 i3»| ipft.i,,ioa tkc Celt- fciL 36 jrrirv Q
a [•&**& DR. JOECAN-D'SEASES CF HEN A
\ *(£&/% M Cor*n'.Eatw» ftee «nd rtri'tly priT»re. \
A I TsSir If Tr««r»ent proes*"? ** br fe-ter. A §
V a rf W| M /war* C*n ia mrj cut uodrrttkea. T
A&f lift Write for B~k.rH!I-O«oriiY«r^
J « A lt*4 StnOMCE, MAILED TftEE. ( A Y
y A >X »»ru»b:e U»« foe ni»nl A
V DU JOBPiX A CO.. 1051 Market F. V
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
6li9 KEAB.\Y»T. E*tabiUhr4
In 1*34 fortli* trratm'-nt ••! Private |
D.«-«««*. Ix-i MaitiMod. DehlUtror
fli«eas- «-#3rinir«tn e*><lyanil niiurt and
Slct« D;iw<»*««- T»i* Doctorrur** «"•••¦»•
others f»li. Try him. «-li«rr*i» low.
(urr.itaarantrrd. CxIltMWrlle.
lir. J. Jf. OinCO>. ."ran rrs.uciM.-o. CiJ ;CIVIL SERVICE— Reader, City. Ap
pointments to the insular civil service
in the Philippines are made under an
act passed by the Philippine Commis
sion and rules promulgated by the
Governor of the islands. Tho
municipal service of Manila is
also classified and subject to
the provisions of the act and rules,
which are similar to the United States
acts and rules. The United States Com
mission, under an executive order, as
sists the Philipr 1 " board by conduct-
Ing examinations In th.? United States
for the Philippine service and In all
other practicable ways. These exami
nations are held only for positions for
which competent natives cannot bo
found, the natives beinsr preferred for
appointment. The United States rules
permit the transfer pt classified em
ployes who have -cry-Id for three years
from the Philippine to the Federal ser
vice. For further information address
tho United States Civil Cervlce Com
mission. Washington. D. C.
COLUMBIAN PAIR— A Subscriber,
City. The World's Fair, or Columbian
Exposition, in Chicago, was opened
May 1. 1893. and It was officially closed
October 30 the same year.
SAN FRANCISCO— J. I., Point
Arena, Cal. San Francisco is in lati
tude 37.47.35 north, longitude 122.24.15
west.
to Queries. *
HORSEPOWER-^M. S.. City. No ves
sel of the United States navy has a
greater power than 23,000.
Claim Revived.
When the United States Government
was an infant just setting up shop on
the banks of the Potomac there wasn't
enough money in the national strong
box to build a shelter for it. The com
paratively venerable commonwealth of
Virginia helped the struggling young
ster out by lending it $120,000. The loan
was authorized by the Virginia Gen
eral Assembly on December 27. 1790. and
the money was to be used by the young
Government for public buildings. For
sixty years the creditor made no ef
fort to collect this loan from Uncle
Sam. but In 1850. the Federal Govern
ment appearing to be prosperous
enough to Justify it. Virginia asked to
be reimbursed. The Washington au
thorities didn't pay, and now Senator-
John Warwick Daniel has taken up
Virginia's claim and introduced a bill
in 'the Senate for its payment with in
terest since 1850. The creditor State is
willing to have Uncle Sam deduct from
its claim any money due him, but It
believes it is time the advance was re
turned.—New Tork Sun.
Spain and South 'America.
It Is declared on the authority of th»
Madrid correspondent of the London
Times that the movement for closer
commercial relations betw?en Spain
and the South American states has
reached a stage which Is attracting
attention. It is a movement In which
the United States is directly concerned.
Racial and linguistic ties play their
part in commercial affairs, and it is
probable that the issue which has
arisen with Colombia over the canal
does not tend to improve th** relations
of other South American communities
with the United States. The South
American countries would find it con
venient to appea.1 to the United States
to assert the Monroe doctrine against
European aggression, but the political
relation which the doctrine implies has
heretofore contributed but little toward
the commerce of the United States wit*
South America.
Wanted:- Man Friday.
The presence of the Boer prisoners
in St. Helena caused boom times on
the historic island. It is suffering se
verely from the reaction, bo that the
local paper, the St. Helena Guardian,
one of the smallest sheets in the world,
is full of pessimism. Now that the 6000
Boer captives are all gone, there la no
longer a remunerative market for St.
Helena produce, and "vegetables are
left to rot." To make matters worse,
the visits of ships— the principal source
of income to St. Helena before the con
struction of the Suez canal— are getting
more and more angelic In their infre
quency. The editor of the St. Helena
Guardian Y. Glares .that "everybody Is
getting disheartened, the island is very
dull, and there Is very little amusement
beyond an occasional cricket match."
Really. Robinson Crusoe on Juan
Fernandez led a more strenuous life
than the hopeless individuals on S*
Helena.
the consequences of lnsufflci<
ishment and diminished care.
Registrar Walsh says in hisi annual report that of all
American cities we are the most economical in the con
duct of our annual elections. Mr. Walsh has .not taken
into* consideration the interesting fact that some of the
people .we elect in 'bur -wisdom to be office-holders in the
municipality would be dear at any price.
. President Roosevelt has promised that if Wood be
confirmed bythe Senate as a- major general of , the
United States army no further | honors will be showered
upon the ambitious surgeon during the Roosevelt term.
Mr. Roosevelt might clear the 1 atmosphere of this con
troversy materially by informing the** public what other
honor he has it in- his power to confer.
THE CALL recently referred to the climate of Cali
fornia as an investment made by nature for man
far greater in value than all the gold of the conti
nent. The State Board of Trade responds' to this senti
ment in one of our recent issues throu 0 ''. its president
General Chipman, to the effect that "the matchless cli
mate bestowed upon California is an asset of greater
money value to the State than the combined wealth of
ail its present inhabitants."
•General Chipman improves upon our terms. "Asset"
is the proper characterization, and he proceeds to dem
onstrate the unchanging and invariable value of this
asset, which no draft can exhaust, for he says: "As far
back as we have any recorded history, and behind this
embracing traditions com! .g through the early mission
fathers, we learn of the^same equability of temperature
the same balmy atmosphere, the same luxuriance of
vegetation. Our soil may. require renewing by fertiiiza-
CLIMATE AS AN ASSET.
Police sergeants seeking promotion in the local de
partment have expressed a very well defined fear that
the Civil Service Commission \ is beinjj manipulated by
politicians to defeat the law and show favoritism to men
with the required "pull." It would be in'.eresting. to dis
cover anybody who could prove that the Civil Service
Commission has ever done anything else or has been
'subject to any other influence.]
Hour of Deaths.
A French physician has utilized ex
ceptional opportunities for noting tho
hcur of death of 1830 persons of all ages
in a mixed population and during a pe
riod of several years. The statistics col
lected by him show that the greatest
number of deaths occur In the hour be
tween 5 and 6 o'clock in the morning,
the smallest between 9 and 11 o'clock
in the morning. From 10 a. m. to 3 p. m.
the mortality Is not high, and tho most
fatal hours are from S to 6 a. m. These
figures coincide with >on&M?stnblished
beliefs and they harmonize perfectly
With all that has been said for centu
ries about the ebbing of "tho tides of
life" at the chill hour of dawn. but.
curiously enough, tho oollector of fig
ures declares that the coincidence ami
the harmony are without thelf ¦up
posed meaning, that th« "tide of Ufo"
theory is all nonsense and that tho only
reason bo fur as he ran -find out why
more people die In tho hours of early
morning than In any other part of th«
day Is. b«caup« lu , those hour* mor«
people dangerously 111 ar« exposed to
The judicial authorities of Sacramento have exoner
ated from all blame ,the brutal prize-fighter who killed
another m the ring a few nights ago. This decision ap
pears to be in perfect accord with the notions of right
and wrong that prevail at the capital city. Public
opinion that has been educated to the point of refusing
to punish a criminal such as the convict Woods cannot
be expected to find harm in a violent 'eath in the prize
rinij.
The Queen.
December brings the Northman's snow.
And winds that from the ice-pack blow.
Harsh is December to the earth,
Yet sweet and tender is its birth.
O." sweet and tender! as a rose
That blooms against the trampling snows.
And smiles into hoar winter's sky,
A summer gift that will not die.
Bring snow or ice. we greet thee still
With a right merry Saxon will.
For still thy honest North Wind blows
To English air the Danish rose.
And all our hearts with music stir
For happy love and joy of her,
Dear to the North, to England dear,
TI30 rose of all the changing year.
'_-"'*¦-. — London Globe.
A Broken Sky.
A downtown merchant has a little
boy whom he rates as one of the
brightest youngsters in thi3 city. A
few days ago, while at lunch, as was
his custom, he began, telling how
bright the little fellow was. "Why,"
he said, "you remember, here a few
weeks ago. we had a light thunder
storm. I happened to be in bed when
the storm began. Just when the
storm was at its height and the rolling
of the thunder loud enough to fright
en most any one, my little boy rushed
in. His eyes looked as big a saucers
and he certainly was frightened. He
crawled into my arms and commenced
to sob. Finally he got his breath and
told me he was frightened because
'the. sky was all broked.' "
THE lover of the picturesque in nature will joy to
learn of pathways to the summit of Mount Whitney
and to the head of the Kings River Canyon that
will make it easier to reach those famous places. The
Inyo Independent tells of the Mount Whitney trail. The
people of Lone Pine, it says, "have made a direct trail to
the top of Mount Whitney from Lone Pine, which is easy
of ascent with paddle horses and pack mules. It is a
two days' trip by this trail from Lone Pine to the summit
and back, but the trip can be made in one day with a
good saddle animal."
The informant of the Independent is E. H. Edwards.
While fie reports that the trip can be made in one day he
suggests that to do justice to the scenery a longer time
should be devoted. "Parties not in a rush and wishing
to admire the beauties of nature should take three days
for the trip, camping at Lone Pine, Whitney Canyon, at
the Panaway Falls in Ibex Park, also at Deer Glen Mead
ows, near the timber line."
Other plans are in view to make Mount Whitney's lofty
peak accessible from another direction, the route to con
nect with the present trail by way of Visalia or Porter
vilie. It is also proposed by the people of Visalia, Porter
ville and Tulare to make a trail from the Saw Teeth
Mountains, gradually ascending the summit of Mount
Whitney, there to connect with the Lone Pine trail. Those
who wish can then descend to Lone Pine and complete
the circuit. Mr. Edwards writes to the Independent
that "if any party is not satisfied with being at the place
nearest to heaven in the United States, the summit of
Mount Whitney, it will be able to secure animals to Lone
Pine and a guide to lead in two days into the sink of
Death Valley, 500 feet below sea level, nevt to Hades."
The Visalia Times describes the new means of access
to the head of the Kings River Canyon. A new road will
probably be completed by the ist- of July next from
Happy Gap through the General Grant National Park to
the head of the canyon at Copper Creek. "This," says
the Times, "will make a direct route from Visalia and
from Sangcr to the Kings River Canyon. The grade
from Happy Gap into the park being eliminated, the trip
from Visalia or Sanger can be made to the canyon in
two days. The projected route from the park is by way
of the Tornado Meadows to Bubbs Creek."
These localities are familiar to the thousands of active
Californians who have at one time or another penetrated
to the Kings River Canyon to contemplate its indescrib
able grandeur. A hint of other path making to great
scenery is suggested by the Times, which says:
"When the proposed road has been completed to the
Kings River Canyon it will be in order to construct an
other from the latter to the Giant Forest, so that the
circuit could be made by conveyance, the road into the
forest having been completed early this fall."
PATHS TO GREAT SCENERY.
Berkeley, well equipped in all the advantages that en
dow and adorn the intellect, is now determined that she
will place her shoulder to the wheel of effort and make
herself physically good to look at. The pretty town lends
itself so well to decoration and adornment that the new
movement justifies already the high hopes of its success.
'A Poser for the Jurist.
None ranked higher at the bar of
California than the late Judge E. W.
McKinstry. In many respects he
stood head and shoulders above his
fellows in the law. His counsel was
sought by men who handled millions
in money and property. But the great
jurist was badly stumped once and
was compelled to go forth for assist
ance to save a humble Chinese cook.
It was in this wise:
.Judge McKinstry was trying a cele
brated land and riparian rights case,
involving $1,000,000. With him as as
sociate counsel was Walker C. Graves,
who was a relative of some of the liti
gants on McKinstry's side of the bat
tle.
Just before the noon recess one day
word came to the eminent attorney
that Ah Gow, his favorite chef, an
apparently peaceable toiler In the
McKinstry domicile, had. been arrest
ed on a charge of murder. Now Judge
McKinstry could imperturbably wage
fights that took him into the deepest
intricacies of land titles and what not,
but a police case completely floored
the distinguished Blackstonian. He
showed his mental distress so keenly
that Graves queried.
"See here, Graves, my cook has been
arrested for murder. What in heav
en's name shall I do?" pleaded Mc-
Kinstry.
"Do?" echoed Graves, not a bit sur
prised. "Do? Why, get him out."
"Get him out? I can't get him out
I don't know anything about this sort
of thing," declared the now thorough
ly excited lawyer,
"Well, I'll see what I can do then,"
said Graves, leaving McKinstry to
wrestle wit,h the million dollar trial.
Off posted the associate counsel.
When court reconvened after recess
Graves returned. *
"What did you do?" queried McKin
stry.
"I got youri Chinaman out and he
will cook your dinner to-night," re
plied Graves.
"Thank heaven for that," came fer
vently from McKinstry, who buckled
to work with evident satisfaction.
Gas for Illuminating.
By MALCOLM McDOWELL.
(ttVtfccr of rgboj) Talk on the Wonderi of the
Crafts.')
(CoryrlEht. I0C3, Ly Joseph B. Bowles.)
Many gas experts believe that the
time is not far distant when artificial
gas will be "piped" anywhere from
fifty to a hundred miles from the point
of its production. This means that
X>rogressive engineers are planning to
give farmers and the inhabitants of
email towns and villages the blessings
of illuminatir.g and fuel gas.
Natural gas has been carried long
distances. When the initial well pres
sure was high enoujrh no pumps or gas
compressing machinery were required.
The fortunate dwellers in the natural
gas fields and in towns and cities with
ing reach of the wells were given the
comfort and cheer which goes with
the use of gas. Many gas wells in
such territories have gv n out, and
the natural sas consumers have been
obliged to fall back on coal and wood
and return to kerosene lamps. The
advent of high-pressure artificial gas
promises to restore to those people the
fuel and light they have lost.
Near Chicago are several gas plants
which distribute artificial gas under
pressures ranging from twenty to thir
ty pounds to the square inch. One of
them, the North Shore Gas Company,
has its works at Waukegan and sup
plies a territory some sixteen miles
long, in which are' half a dozen good
sized towns, the military reservation of
Fort Sheridan, Lake Forest University,
some golf clubs and several schools and
academies. Intervals of two or thre?
miles between tCtvns occur, in which
there are occasional farmhouses. The
line is over fourteen miles long, exclu
sive of branches, and is constructed of
four-inch pipes, (hrough which the gas
is forced at an initial pressure of twen
ty to thirty pounds to the square inch,
with surprisingly small loss in pressure
at the terminal of the line fourteen
miles away.
The plant has been distributing high
pressure artificial gas for several years
and the results led its general man
ager, George F. Goodnow, to write as
follows:
"Constant observation of this meth
od of distribution leads to speculation
regarding the field of operations and
the use to which it may be put. Large
cities and towns may be girdled with
high-pressure mains, and distant regu
lators branched off to feed existing low
pressure mains at points where the
supply is adequate, and much expense
be saved In construction of large feed
mains and a much more even distribu
tion be maintained. The reason does
not appear why coke oven plants or
other cheap methods of manufacture
cannot be located near coal fields or
near navigable waters, where cheap
coal or oil may be secured and the pro
duct piped long distances under high
pressure to centers of population. The
extent of gas compression has not yet
been determined, and whether thirty or
forty or 100 pounds is the limit only
careful Ftudy ajid experiment can dem
onstrate, but that twenty-five to thirty
pounds' pressure docs not commercially
deteriorate the quality of the gas for
lighting or heating purposes I feel con
fident."
Great care is taken in putting togeth
er the pipe for high -pressure gas. The
pipe Is stronger and heavier than or
dinary pipe, and all fittings and valves
sre specially made. Several hundred
feet of the pipe line is coupled up on
the bank beside the trench and tested
with an air pressure of sixty pounds
to the square inch — at least twice as
much pressure as the pipe ever will be
required to carry. If It is found tight
the pipe is lowered into the trench,
handled very much like a long line of
large hose.
There are several ways of distribut
ing gas under the high-pressure sys
tem. One way is to build gas holders,
or reservoirs, in each center of popula
tion; the gas is sent from the central
plant under pressure to these holders,
but is distributed from the reservoirs
under ordinary pressure. Another way
is to install what are called "district
regulators." A regulating device which
reduces the high to ordinary pressure
Ss put in between the main line and the
Fygtem of branches which make the
district, and all gas in this district is
supplied to consumers at ordinary pres
sure. The other method carries the high
pressure to the individual meter. Just
before it reaches the meter a regulator
reduces the pressure so that the gas
enters the meter at the ordinary pres
sure used in houses. Devices .are placed
v, hi ch allow the gas to escape to the
outer air should the regulator be broken
or disarranged, soithat it is practically
impossible for the gas to enter the
house under high pressure. An air com-
X>resser. slightly modified, compresses
the gas to the required carrying pres
sure, and daily observations and care
ful comparisons fail to show that con
densed gas loses any of its illuminating
powers by being compressed.
This is what is coming with artificial
gas distributed under .high pressure:
The principal country roads lighted
from end to end by incandescent man
tle gas lamps; farm houses with gas in
every room and a gas stove in the
kitchen: crossroad villages illuminated:
thrashing machinery, hay choppers,
dairy machinery, farm pumps, the little
village factories and isolated industrial
establishments operated by gas motors,
and far out suburbs with sparse popu
lation enjoying: all the benefits which
Rough and Ready Defense.
(Athletic Kxpert New York Evening World.
Author of "Muscle Building," Etc.)
(Copyright, 1903, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
The golden rule for street fights is:
"Keer> out of them."
The man who wantonly provokes a
fight of any sort is a rowdy. The man
who willingly indulges in a 'street fight
is doubly so.
Moreover, these lessons are for the
purpose of teaching the graceful and
strength-Imparting art of boxing.
Slugging or rowdyism 'has no part in
them.
Yet one of the main objects of box
fne is to teach its devotees How to de
fend themselves should th* occasion
arise. And no matter how peaceably
inclined you may be the time may come
when you will find i^ necessary to fight.
Therefore it is well to know how to
fight. The^ man who is carrying $10,003
to the bank also carries a revolver.
He does, not carry it with the idea of
firing into the crowd or of taking pot
shots at any enemy he may see on the
opposite side of the street. He is armed
simply in order to defend himself
should the treasure which he is guard
ing be attacked.
There is the same difference between
the boy who fights merely in self-de
fense when forced to do sd and the
rowdy who goes around "looking for
trouble" as there is between the armed
bank messenger and the cowboy des
perado who used to rejoice in "shooting
up the town a whole lot."
If a man or two men should attempt
to "hold you up" it is well to know a
few ways of protecting yourself. If a
tough, drunk or sober, should take it
into his head that a thrashing would do
you good, would you not like to know
how tt\utillze your boxing lore In such
a way as to avert that thrashing? '
Now, let us get to work, beginning as
iisual by going over all the various
points we have thus far studied, from
left lead for the face down to pivot
blow and back swing.
In the first place let* me reiterate that
it is always best to keep out of a street
fight when you can. Do not do any
thing to provoke one, and keep out of
such a row even at the risk of incurring
the charge of cowardice.
But when a fight can no longer be
avoided do not give up while you can
stand. Keep at it as long as an atom
of life remains in your body. Poor
pottering, verbose old Polonius knew
for once what he was talking about
when he said:
Coolness Is next U valv, to courage
in a fight. If you lose your head and
get rattled" your knowledge, of box-
Ing will forsake you and you will be
just a trifle more helpless than u new
b OT n baby, if, on the other hand, you
keep cool and bring into use the box
ing m tricks I have taught . you the
chances are in favor of your conquer
ing a fellow twice your size.
For one thing, the tough who goes
around picking fights is often more or
less under the influence of liquor In
such condition a man cannot do jus
tice to his muscles. Drink often makes
a man long to fight, but it always less
ens his fighting powers. You may thus
find assailants of that sort far easier
to dispose of by use of a little skill and
coolness than you would imagine.
Another point in your favor in such
a contest Is that the tough or hold-up
Is seldom in condition. His style of
life and choice of recreations do not
conduce to athletic form, endurance or
great science. The athlete who is a
good boxer and who trains and exer
cises regularly is not as/a, rule the sort
of fellow who holds people up or tries
to pick quarrels with them on the
street. The street fighter Is usually a
drink-weakened tough, a loafer whose
muscles are flabby and whose wind is
poor, or else a longshoreman or work
man whose science is ill developed, and
who, while frequently powerful, is slow
and heavy in his motions.
Against all such men the trained box
er has an Incredible advantage. Cool
ness, speed, precision, endurance and
science all fight on his side and help
him to win.
Up to this point, as you will see, the
odds are all in your favor, and they
may be greatly increased by free use
of that Yankee attribute commonly
known as "bluff." ""*"
You know, for instance, what cards
your assailant is likely to hold. You
know he is vicious and quarrelsome,
you know he is likely to be out of
training or else slow and unskilled.
He, on the contrary, knows nothing
a'- out you,. He does not know whether
you are a weakling or a famous light
weight pugilist. If you can impress
him at once wi^i the belief that you
are the latter he will often be as eager
to quit the fight as he was to begin it
Don't, therefore, wait for him to as
sume ' aggressive r-d rush you.
When you see that the fight is inevit
able and that you have no chance to
back out attack Tiim at once. J V?« V
Next to avoiding a street fight the
first, last and best rule to observe on
such occasions Is this: Always strike
the first blow; strike it with full force,
full skill and with full speed. Aim it
at the point of the jaw if you can, and
follow it up by an unceasing volley of
other blows. Don't stop lone enough
to let your opponent assume the ag
gressive. Keep him on the defensive,
and at every stage of the game let him
know you are there and that you are
there to stav.
Don't rush' wildly, swinging your
arms like flails and wasting the .breath
you mar need for a long flght. But
plant every blow _as skillfully as if
you were in a prize boxing bout: be
as wary Jn guarding and make each
motion count in your favor. Take ad
vantage of every opening. - You will
find the work easier than a boxing bout
with your sparring partner,, fir '/'.he
chances are that the latter knows much
more about boxing, is in better condi
tion and will leave fewer openings than
will your street foe.
And remember throughout to keep
on attacking and to give your enemy
no criance to recover from the surprise
your first blow imparted to him. *
<¦•
THE CALL said recently that the question of sov
ereignty and the right of revolution, involved in the
Panama matter, could not be submitted to the
Hague tribunal. This view is now approved by the for
eign diplomats, and is expressed by one of them at
Washington, who says: "Nations can hardly be ex
pected to settle questions of sovereignty and national
honor at the Hague. Moreover, in my opinion, it would
not be within the province of the Washington govern
ment to grant such request from Colombia. It is to Pa
nama and not to, Washington that Colombia should ta>:e
such a proposition."
1 The Call also said that the assumption, of her due
share of the Colombian debt by Panama could properly
I go to the Hague, if not otherwise adjusted.' 1 The same
diplomatic authority indorses^this by saying: "There is,
however, a question between Colombia and Panama
I which with all propriety might be referred 19 the Hague,
and to which reference the United States will scarcely
offer objection. It is the question of the assumption by
Panama of a part of the Colombian debt. If General
Reyes should ask the United States to use its good
offices to have this matter brought before the Hague,
Panama might safely acquiesce in such a proposition."
Our views being so 'far entirely indorsed, we venture
further to say that the United States will effectively use
its good offices to prevail upon Panama to voluntarily
assume a just share of the debt, and we have no doubt
that the new republic will readily assent to that course.
It has merit that is not found in the alternative propo
sition, that Panama pay directly to Colombia a, part of
the $10,000,000 she will receive from us for the canal,
equal to her share in the debt. She will be far safer to
assume the share of the debt directly', because, with her
future prospects of prosperity and stability, she can
easily refund it. on longer maturity and lower interest,
and enjoy the use of what we will pay her, in the estab
lishment of. her nationality and institutions.
The diplomats also agree that when the European
powers recognized; Panama, they sealed with approval
the course of the United States. This was done in re
cognition of our right to realize the commercial needs
and expectations of the, world, in the building of the
canal.
Colombia's crude ideas are disclosed in the dispatch to
Reyes, in the statement that under the treaty of 1846 we
lack the right of initiative in protecting isthmian transit.
The language of the treaty is this: "The United States
; guaranty positively and efficaciously to New Granada,
I by the present stipulation, the perfect neutrality of the
before mentioned isthmus, with the view that the free
transit from one to the other sea may not be interrupted
nor embarrassed* in any future time while this tfeaty ex
ists." How can we make that guaranty good if the ini
tiative be left to Colombia? In transmitting the treaty
to the Senate for ratification, President Polk said: "The
importance of this • concession to the commercial and
political interests of the United States cannot easily be
overrated."
In 1835 the United States Senate by resolution called
on the President to consider the expediency of opening
negotiations with New Granada, for the purpose of "ef
! fectually protecting, by treaty stipulations, such com
panies or individuals as may undertake to build a ship
canal across the isthmus, and of securing forever by
such stipulations the free and equal right of navigating
such canal to all nations." The treaty made that reso
lution effective. Mr. Polk said of it: "We are more
deeply interested in this guaranty "than New Granada
herself or any other country. Such a guaranty is almost
indispensable to the construction of a railroad or ship
canal across the territory. Neither sovereign states
nor individuals would expend their capital in the con
struct Jon of these expensive works, without some such
security for their investments."
It will be sden by all this that if we had no right to
protect the isthmus, except when requested by New Gra
nada or her sovereign successor, Colombia, our guaranty
was not worth the ink in which it was written. In fact
I the concession to us was absolute. Our guaranty was
not subordinate to Colpmbia at all, for if it were it
wo: id have been a vain thing and the treaty an idle trick.
If we did not acquire the right of initiative we acquired
nothing. As Polk made the treaty, and it was ratified by
a Senate in which sat members who voted for the reso
lution of 1835, there can be no doubt about the meaning
of the guaranty clause.
'We are particular in developing this, history in which
tV.c purpose of the treaty must be sought and the inter
pretation of its text found, because of the vast interest
of ibis city and coast in the construction of the canal.
We v.-j'-h the readers of The Call to know that the steps
taken by the administration are not only essential to the
success of the canal, but have been taken clearly within
our rights to secure that end. While we regret that par
tisan spirit has' appeared to block the way in the Senate,
we are persuaded that such spirit has no. sympathy in
the country. The administration needs to know that its
efforts are indorsed by the commercial interests of this
coast, and we again suggest that our commercial bodies
assert themstlves now, when their influence upon th-
Senatc may be necessary and useful.
their city friends possess because of il
luminating and fuel gas.
tion, but our climate is as constant as t'le sun. The con
ditions which have produced the result are themselves
unchanging, and so must be the result."
It remains to reduce the value of this asset in climate
to terms understood. Mr. G. M. Wooster, director of the
State Board of Trade, does- this in. speaking of irriga
tion." .Irrigation is one of the results of climate. The
climate stores the waterj • the mountain snows and for
ests, and releases it at the precise season when it is
needed. The profit of irrigation, as well as the water- to
supply it, depend on the climate. We needthe equable
heat and dry season of the summer to get the highest
results and profits from the use of water. Our: climate
permits the. growth and gathering of many crops from
the same land in a single season. Mr. Wooster says:
"Three 'million acres in wheat and barley, non-irrigated,
last year produced commercially $22,000,000, while the
product of 300,000 acres . of irrigated land sold for
$50,000,000." •
These are facts, such as the State Board collects in
fulfilling; its function of giving reliable statistical infor
mation about the State. What could more startlingly
develop the value of climate as an asset? The climate,
by furnishing water supply and heat and other produc
tive conditions, makes possible the irrigation of the
three million acres which yielded cnly $22,000,000 with
out irrigation. If Olir climatic asset is used, it will be
seen that the three million acres would yield three hun
dred millions -of dollars, and, v added to the product of
the 300,000 acres already irrigated, would make the total
product of three million three hundred thousand acres
of California land $330,000,000 per annum. In that pros
pect what ample scope is offered to the enterprise of the
future !^ Is there a State in the Union, or a country in
the world, that can by reason of its 'assets in climate
offer that certainty to the immigrants who will till the
soil?
The imagination' is always captivated by contempla
tion of gold and silver, and the fancy paints sumptuous
pictures when gold and silver. mines are mentioned. But
the average annual value of gold and silver produced in
the world since 1492 is only $213,000,000. So our asset
in climate in California has put a potential annual value
into the product 'of three million three hundred thousand
acres of land that exceeds the annual average value of
the world's whole product of silver and gold by $ri7,
000,000. Tell this to the world. It. is in figures of money
and not figures of speech.
Suggesting an 'Answer.
In his law college, days Prosecuting
Attorney Isidore Harris was the envi«d
of many of his classmates because of
the marvelous capacity he possessed
for absorbing the hard dry stuff in the
books. It is a college legend that Har
ris . could memorize forty pages of
Blackstone without an effort end serve
it out to his lecturera and qulzzers as
fast as the questions could be put. Best
of all, Harris wasn't' a 'bit mean In
classroom and if a fellow student was
caught he was always ready to supply
an answer. It got to be a common oc
currence for the boys to depend on
Harris.
But one day Harris and his well-in
tended effort came to grief. Burbank
Somers was standing a "quiz" before
Judge Charles W. Slack. Slack was a
bit hazy that day and was floundering:
about as best he could.
"Now. Mr. Somers, what is a leading
question?" queried Judge Slack.
"One that can be answered by *ye3'
or 'no,' blithely replied Somers.
"No, no." excitedly whispered Harris.
"One that suggests the answer."
Unfortunately, In his haste Harris
had raised. his voice too high. Every
student in the classroom heard the
correction. Somers hesitated, looked
at Professor Slack and waited.
""Well, well, Mr. Somers," added
Judge Slack. 'The one who suggested
the answer suggested the right an
swer."
PANAMA AT THE HAGUE.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1903.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND WOMEN
THE SAN "FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ??????.??? Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O~lce <J^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY . . .'. \ • • • • • .DECEMBER 24. 1903
8
Nut and fruit candles at Townsend's. •
¦ ? ¦
Glace fruit cream bar at Townsend'a. •
Thousand* of packages ready it Town-
*cnd'*. , •
Choicest candles ami chocolates In flr»-
etchod boxen. Townsend's "15 Market.-*
Town.ieml mov«Kt from Palace Hotel to
715 Market. S doors from Call building.*
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candJrs. 50o a pound. TO artistic flre-
•iched bo*#*. A nlca present for Eastern
frUnds. T1S Market at., above Call bids. *
Bptctat Information supplied daily to
business house* and public men by th«
l*r*M CUpptns Bureau (Allen's), 230 Calt-
foruu iirwl T«l«pboa« -Mala iotl. •Prominent Society People Engaged.
Mrs. Isaac Reiss announces the en
gagement of her daughter Nanette to
Mr. Henry Morgenthau.
the pending of the divorce proceed
ings and although he had a letter
from her inviting him to call, he was
refused admittance. This refusal
continued until he threatened to take
legal proceedings to see hia client. He
demanded that he be allowed to see
Mr*. Anthony alone and this permis
sion was reluctantly given him. Car
penter's testimony was introduced to
show that Mrs. Anthony was unduly
influenced by the husband.
The plaintiff rested and an adjourn
ment was taken until : Monday.
Attorney Carpenter then took the
stand and testified that he had at
tempted to see Mrs. Anthony during
"While talking with him," said Dr.
Lux. "Dr. Anthony said the woman
was non compos mentis. Mrs. An
thony evidently . understood what he
said, as she turned to me and said:
'Dr. Lux, do you think I am insane?'
and I replied: *I don't think .so."
"Whereupon she said:, 'I would like
you to give me a certificate to that
effect.' Upon leaving the room I ask
ed Dr. Anthony whether he could
classify her form of insanity and he
said he could not."
Upon being recalled to the stand
Mrs. Anthony testified that she was
made to believe by her husband that
he could obtain a divorce from her on
the evidence that she was in a man's
room in Chicago. She said she was
unfamiliar with the laws of this coun
try and relied on the statements.
The witness swore that some of Jhe
statements in the affidavit, signed at
the request of her husband, were un
true. Attorney Savage made her ad
mit that she knew what she was sign-
Ing and that she was not coerced. He
proved that no pressure was brought
to bear upon her and that she signed
the affidavit asking Judge Hebbard to
grant the divorce.
The question as to her conduct as
a wife was put to the witness very
pointedly by Mr. Carpenter. - "As a
matter of fact, Mrs. Anthony, were
you guilty of infidelity?"
"No, sir; never," replied the witness
with vehemence.
he did not use violence on the street,
but did use persuasion. She, said the
doctor walked with her ten blocks in
order to persuade her not to visit the
home of her counsel.
The witness left the stand in order
that Dr. Frederick W. Lux might be in
terrogated in behalf of the plaintiff.
The witness said he visited Mrs. An
thony in the St. Helena sanitarium
in response to a letter from her. He
said he found the patient much
wrought up and suffering from low
ered will power. He suggested light
diet and Dr. Anthony, who was pres
ent, talked cuttingly about the ethics
of the medical profession. Witness
said he then informed the husband
that he appreciated the ethics of the
profession and had not intruded by
his own desire, but In response to a
letter from Mrs. Anthony.
DR. LUX TESTIFIES.
Korea is the granary of Japan.
Singiny. "Happy Christmas Day Ha« Come,"
by the Home School: prayer; recitation, "When
DfKltime Comes." Frankie Chn; son«r. "Christ
V.'as Once a Little Baby, end Sweet Cbrtit
maa" Bells," Cheen Fah and Foong Seem; dia
logue. "What I'll Be." five little beys of Occi
dental School; kindergarten exercises, by Mlsa
Ames' school; recitation. "The Pony anil the
Cart.-" Edward Chew; slneir.g. three songs, by
little girls of Occidental School; song. "Our Gifts
We Drfnsr." Keem Ting-. STute Ylng, Ah Fah,
Qul Mooie; aongr by the church choir; recitation;
"Nellie and the Star," Ah Lon: recitation.
"Did You Balieve in Santa ClauaT' Mansie
Chew; recitation, "The Chimney Drummer
Boy," Tlmmle Cliu; singing by the church
choir; address, "Wong Dan Wan; eolo, "Holy
Jfipht." Suey Leen; recitation, "A Visit to St.
Nicholas." Ah Ching; song, "Christmas all the
Tear." Ah Lon. Ah Ching and Margaret; dia
tribution of presents.
The Chinese Presbyterian schools
he!d their Christmas exerc'ses and
Christmas tree festival last night at
the First Presbyterian Chinese Church
at Sll Stockton street. The edifice was
crowded to the doors with curious and
intensely interested Chinese men,
women and children.
The following schools took part in the
exercises: The First Presbyterian
Church School, Evening School for
Men, Sunday-school, Infant Depait
ment. Mission Home of 920 Sacramento
street. Occidental School and the Clay
street Chinese Kindergarten. An ex
cellent programme was arranged and
its execution by the Chinese young and
old folks was e:uremely fascinating.
The audience enjoyed every number
and applauded in true American fash-
Ion. The church was prettily decorated
and next to the altar stood a beautiful
Christmas tree, laden down with gifts
for the women and children. The even
ing passed merrily away. Lattle Chi
nese tots got upon the stage and re
cited pieces in the English language in
a manner that was surprising and re
fiected gTeat credit on their educators.
The feature of the entertainment was
the choir composed whelly of Chinese
men and women, who sang so well that
one was compelled, out of sheer cu
riosity, to look again to see if the sing
ers were really of the Chinese race.
After the programme was completed
the presents were distributed. Not only
did the little ones and the children of
the schools receive some of Santa
Claus* goodness, but a vast number of
presents were distributed among many
heathen women, who were largely rep
resented there. The gifts were the do
nations of the Presbyterian churches of
the State.
The entertainment was given under
the direction of Rev. Dr. I. M. Condlt
and wife, who control the Chinese
Presbyterian church.
The programme was as follows:
Oriental Schools of the City
Hold Christmas Exercises at
the Presbvterian Church
CHINESE TOTS
SPEAK PIECES
The choir of the Cathedral Mission of
the Good Samaritan, consisting of thir
ty men and boys, vested in purple and
white, will sing a collection of ancient
and modern Christmas carols at
several downtown hotels to-night.
The great Christmas tree In
the court of the Palace Hotel
i
will be lighted as the boys march in at
7:30 o'clock. The St; Nicholas will be
visited at 8:30, the Pleasanton at 9, the
Nordhoff at 9:30, the California Hotel
at 10, the Russ at l&:20, the Lick at
10:40 and the Occidental at 11 o'clock.
Miss Brown, organist of the mission,
will conduct the choir. The programme
will be as follows:
Processional. "Adeste Fideles"; "From Far
Away" (Dykes): "Sweet Christmas Bells'"
(Stalner); "Hymn of the Angels" <Garrett);
"All My Heart This Night" (Gow); "The
First Noel" (traditional); "Shepherds' Nativity
Hymn" (Gounod): "Carol. Brothers, Carol."
duet: "See Xow the Altar" (Taure). arranged
by Dudley Buck; "Gool Klnsr Weneeelas"
r traditional), solos by boys; recessional. ¦"O.
Little Town of Bethlehem," words by Phillips
Erooks.
Choir of Cathedral Mission Will Ren-
der Carols at Hotels To-ni^ht.
TO SING CHRISTMAS SONGS.
CHARMING YOUNG WOMAN
WHO WAS PRESENTED TO
SOCIETY YESTERDAY.
Warrants were secured from Judge
Cabaniss on April 20 last and Dr.
Thrasher and Mrs. Funke were arrest
ed on the charge of selling a human
being. The case3 were dismissed on
May 5 on the ground that the corpus
delicti had not been proved. The prose
cution could not obtain the attendance
of Mrs. Beaglehole to give her testi
mony.
Since then Mrs. Fiest has obtained a
divorce from her husband and was
given the custody of the child, a" girl
now two years and two months old.
P*iest and his wife became reconciled
and she wanted to regain possession
of the child. She discovered that It had
been sold to a Mrs. Beagtehole, a .mil
liner, in Reno, Nev... the consideration
being JS5. The sale was effected by Mrs.
Funke through Dr. Marion Thrasher
of the " Donohoe building. Owing to
Mrs. Beaglehole's mistreatment of the
child, it was taken from her and given
to a family in Watsonville. where it was
recovered through the efforts of M. J.
White, secretary of the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children. .
A warrant was issued yesterday by
Police Judge Cabaniss for the arrest
of Clay H. Fiest, a motorman with the
Oakland Transit Company, on a charge
of child stealing. The complaining wit
ness Is Mrs. Laura 'Stoermer, 527 1-2
Birch avenue, sister of Fiesfs divorced
wife. Fiest is accused of stealing his
own child on Tuesday while the Iittje
one was in the care of Mrs. Stoermer.
The issuance of the warrants recalls a
sensational case that occupied the at
tention of the courts about seven
months, ago. Fiest and his wife had
been living apart and she, not being
able to take proper care of the child,
gave it into the keeping of Mrs. Eme
llne Ftinke, a midwife in Alameda. on
June 25, 1902. She promised to procure
a home for it.
Desertion is also charged in the di
vorce action commenced by Frank J.
Kreamer against Annie Kreamer. They
were married at Albuquerque in 1S30. .
Judge Hebbard annulled the marriage
of Elizabeth Kuenzel to H. E. Floyd
because at the time it was solemnized
at Marysville a few months ago she
was not divorced from William Kuenzal
the year the law reauires.
Interlocutory decrees or divorce were
granted to Edward L. Preston from
Mary L- Preston for desertion. Harriet
G. Meyer from Hose Meyer for neglect,
Mary Marum from Thomas Marum for
neglect, Andrew Tidell Jr. from Erne
Tidell for desertion* Isabella Williams
from Richard S. Williams for desertion
and Helen E. Davenport from W. A.
Davenport for intemperance.
Desertion is alleged in the c<" naplaint
for divorce tiled by Chella D. Garratt
against Milton D. Garratt of the firm
of W. T. Garratt & Co. They were
married at Chicago in May of iast year.
In November of last year Mrs. Garratt
sued her husband for support, claim
ing that he had abandoned her.
Thereupon Judge Graham ordered
the petition dismissed and consigned
the little ones . to the care of their
father, who, since he secured a divorce
last December, has kept the children
in a charitable Institution.
Police Otacer Charies B. Wedekind,
who is the defendant in a suit for di
vorce brought by Elizabeth Wedekind.
did not contest the suit. His default
was entered and Judge Mura^ky grant
ed Mrs. Wedekind a decree. She tes
tified that Wedekind wantedxher to
live on Third street in a room not fit
for habitation.
Helene Ericksen is the lawfully
wedded wife of Hans Pettersen. It was
so decided yesterday by Judge Gra
ham, who refused to grant the woman's
suit for the annulment of her mar
riage on the ground that what: it took
place in Sweden several year3 ago she
was under eighteen years of age. The
records offered in evidence in the case
showed that she had reached her ma
jority when she became Pcttersen'a
bride.
Clorinda Faccini begged for a word
of love or a sign of affection from her
four little children in Judge Graham's
court yesterday. She was anxious to
show the court that the little ones loved
her and would be happy with her— if
the Judge would modify the decree of
divorce in which they were awarded to
the custody of their father, David
Faccini. But she begged in vain. " The
little ones turned their tig brown eyes
toward her, but vouchsafed rot a word
nor a look that would satisfy the long
ing in their mother's heart. Even
Judge Graham, try as he would, could
not get the little ones to express any
love for their mother.
"Do you love your mother?" he asked
repeatedly.
"No," was the answer invariably re
turned by the children, the oldest of
whom is a boy of about eleven and the
youngest a girr whose head reached but
little above the Judge's knee.
"There have be«n a gTeat many re
marks that have not only annoyed the
witness, but counsel as well," said Mr.
Carpenter.
Attorney Savage was quick to inform
the ccrurt that he was not aware of
the laughter, and the court softly asked
counsel to proceed, as he did not think
it would occur again.
*"It is not right for them to do so,"
said Mrs. Anthony, with a sob in her
voice. "They are among friends, and I
em alon» and have to defend myself."
The witness tertifled that the doctor
bad entreated her to pursue the
course she had relative to the 4ivorc«
proceedings. She said that Dr. An
tbony prevented her from leaving the
house; that her wrists were blue from
strugsIirLg with him, and that her
children and llr. Siverson had watch
ed the struggles. Mrs. Anthony said
WOMAN" RKPRI3L\XDEl>.
"Why was it necessary for a divorce
to be granted if you were to remarry?"
"My impression was that Dr. An
thony had so much trouble tret he was
unbalanced. I thought it b-ifcc to do
anything he wished to please him."
At this juncture the witness turned
to Judge Hebbard and whispered, "Is
it right for ladies to laugh in the court
room?** Sho asked this question be
cause friends of Dr. Anthony seated in
the courtroom repeatedly smiled a.nd
laughed at her replies.
Jadpe Hebbard said it was rot verv
proper, and turning to the ladies sug
gested that they retain their smile's un
t.I tbc evidence was all In, for they an
noyed the witness.
"Yes, *ir; when I fell on my kne?s
and appealed to him. I was a proud
weman and I did not want to be sepa
rated frcm my children."
"Now, Mrs. Anthony, did you rely on
that promise?"
"To some extent I did."
"Did he premise to marry you after
he obtained the decree of divorce?"
ii5ked Attorney L. G. Carpenter.
"Since the divorce was granted he
has asked me a number of times. He
said once that after we left for Soutn
Atrica there would be no need of re
marriage, as we would live together as
husband and wife — that there was no
such thing as divorce."
PRO3IISED TO RE3IARRY HER.
'Did he make such promise to you
during the rending of the action for di
vorce?" asked Attroney Savage fcr th«
defense.
Mrs. Christina Anthony says she was
actuated by four motives in signing the
affidavit prepared by her husband's at
torney requesting Judge Hebbard to
grant her husband a divorce from her
en the ground of desertion. These mo
tives, she says, were, first, to prevent
her husband from -bringing an action
against her on the ground of infidelity;
second, to save him from being prose
cuted for perjury: third, to prevent her
children frcm being taken from her,
and because her husband promised to
remarry her at the end cf six menths
:' she would live a chaste life.
The witness asserted that the doctor
promised to remarry her. and especially
after her fronds came to her assist
ance to save her from the harsh treat
ment she alleses she received at the
hands of her husband. The promises
vner* made both before and after the
divorce.
"When Try friends cane to my as
sistance." sh-? swore yesterday, 'I was
more anxious to stand by him than at
any other time."
Affecting Scene in Court of
Judge Graham at Hearing of
Petition to Modify Decree
Child, for Alleged .Selling of
.Which Doctor and a Mid
wife Were Arrested, Kidnaped
She Says Husband's Promise to
Remarry Her Causes Her
to Make False Affidavits
"WIFE TELLS ODD STORY
PARENTS ARE DIVORCED
RECALLS SENSATIONAL CASE
An enjoyable and exclusive ball was
given at the Palace last evening by
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Guggenheim in hon
or of their daughter. Hiss Florence
Guggenheim.
M. A. de Laveaga was host at a
jolly dinner at the Palace Hotel on
Tuesday evening, complimentary to
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Welch, who were
recent'y the principals at a beautiful
and elaborate wedt'ing at St. Mary 3
Cathedral. Thos- who enjoyed Mr. de
Laveaga's hospitality were Miss Poor
man, Miss Cebrian, Miss Alice Butler.
Miss Zella Robinson, Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Welch, Mr. and Mrs. Andrew P.
Welch, Mrs. J. V. de Laveaga, Edward
Cebrian. B. C. Carroll. Edward L de
lAveaga and Samuel Poorr.ian Jr.
• • •
There will be a wedding this evening
at the residence of Mrs. Laura C.-Col
ton, at 1TS1 Green street, when her
granddaughter. Miss Evelyn Hackett.
will become the bride of Dr. WillarJ
S. Beach.
Mrs. Henry Breeden gave a pretty
luncheon yesterday at the University
Club. The decorations were in
keeping with the yuletide, consisting of
Christmas berries, holly leaves and red
shaded candelabra. The guests were
Mrs. Morton Gibbons. Mr?. Jules Brett.
Mrs. John Rodgers Clark. Miss Jenni*
Blair. Miss Kathryn Dillon, Miss Ethel
Cooper. Miss Suzanne Blanding. Miss
Charlotte Ellinwood. Miss Edith Pills
bury. Miss Grace Buckley. Miss Gene
vieve King and Miss Mabel Toy.
William A. Anderson, District Attor
ney of Tolo County, who resides at
Woodland, was married yesterday aft
ernoon at the Grand Hotel in this city
by Superior Judge Kerrigan to Miss
Ella Armstrong of Woodland. The
bridal party enjoyed a luncheon, and
then Mr. and Mrs. Anderson left for a
wedding trip through the sou/them part
cf the State. On their return they will
reside at Woodland.
Mr. and Mrs. Greeley were the re
cipients of numerous gifts from their
many .frier.ds and attache?- of the of
fice ia which the groom is a valued
assistant-
The bridesmaid was Miss Catherine
McDermott and the groom was attend
ed bv Dr. B. J. Mogan, brother of Po
lice Judse Mogan.
After the wedding ceremony a break
fast was served at a downtown restau
rant, at which al! the guests who had
witnessed the wedding were present.
The bride and groom left c-n an even
ing traia for a honeymoon trip to Los
Angeles and will return to Jhis city
early in the New Year and will take
up their residence in a cozy flat in the
Western Addition. ,
Jc-hn J. Greeley, assistant District At
torney of .the city and county of San
Francisco, was married yesterday aft
ernoon at St. Patrick's Cathedral to
Miss Ruby Woodman of this city. The
wedding ceremony was performed by
Rev. Father Collopy in the presence of
fifty-flve invited guests.
The bride was charmingly gowned In
white satin. She wore a lace veil and
a wreath of orange blossom3 and car
ried a bouquet of lilies of the valley.
A pleasant informal reception was
given last evening by Mrs. M. J. Ba
con at her home, 623 -Van Ness avenue,
for the purpose, of presenting her
daughter, Miss Carrye A. Bacon. The
reception hours irere from 8 to 11, dur
ing which time Efty friends were hos
pitably entertained. The rooms were
made specially artistic with clusters of
golden chrysanthemums and Christmas
berries, interspersed with foliage. Miss
Bacon is just IS and has a very at
tractive personality. She was educated
at St. Vincent's Convent and has many
devoted friends among the younger set.
Mrs. Bacon and her daughter were as
'sisted in receiving by Mrs. S. Shaben,
Miss Hayes and Miss Jones.
Warrant Secured From Police
Judge Cabaniss for the Ar
rest of Oakland 3Iotorman
Children of Florinda Faccini
Tell Her They Prefer to Re
main in Custody of .Father
Evidence in Anthony Divorce
Case Hints of Coercion, Per
jury and General Depravity
Miss Carrye A. Bacon Makes Her Debut Into
Society, Many Friends Gathering at Her Moth
er's Home on Van Ness to Congratulate Her
FIEST STEALS
HIS OWN BABY
BONDS CRUSH
WOMAN'S WILL
PRETTY BUD IS PRESENTED
AT AN INFORMAL RECEPTION
MOTHER'S PLEA
IS OF NO AVAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 24, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The Whole 1
World Sing I
XT YOU OWH A q
j Victor Talking Machine |
¦¦h Now that the Victor Talking Machine has reach- f|
i jrj ed what is considered perfection in the reproduc- if
y tion of sound, the attention of the company has A
8 been turned toward the improvement ,of the library. ||
i Some of the greatest vocalists of the world are now H
If under contract to render exclusive service to the g
|| Victor Talking Machine Company. Expense is not ||
i spared, $20,000 being sometimes spent to get the i
H records of famous singers. ||
I u We are in constant touch with this company, be- n
h ing sole agents for their products on the coast, and - «
II just as soon as a set pi records is received by tl^em H
|l we are able to offer them to you. The prices we p
h charge for these records are remarkably small when f|
h you take into consideration' the quality and the cost |J
M of. acquiring them. M
! || We have constantly in our local library selec- *j
a Sig. E. Francisco Signorina Grippa |
U Mme. Rosalia Chalia Arthur Pryor II
M Comm. Francisco Tamagno Sousa's Band y
H Mme. Louise Homer Metropolitan Orchestra |
il And thousands of other singers and organizations U
p who have delighted the world with their music. ||
ffi Victor Talking Machines are sold at a very rea- U
U - sonable price, many different grades being offered to ||
I suit different conditions. You can make a cash pur- J
B chase or take advantage of our easy payment offer if *|
H you choose. Why not one for a Christmas gift? |j
I SHERMAN, CLAY & CQ. I
i SUTTER AND KBARNV STREETS, S. F. J
r3S7CB3M IWW^ay I
fReal Easy^T^
S&ve lots of £*
Everything that's
Beautiful
Chins ware. Crockery
Q lass ware
Fancy Holiday
Ornamrnts and Noveltfes
Dolls, Lamps, Clocks
Rich Cut Glass
Dinner Sets
Come before Parting with
your Money
rQet our prices ft
Great imericai bnporticf _Jm
Tea Co. H
100 5tores f
That's the Reason. J i
fed Market. 1419 Pctk. 1SI3 Devlsadero.
l:. Grant »'•'¦ "¦-•"• Lir. :r,. 300C Eixteeeth.
1«(* Sixth. «"5 Haijfct. C21 HcDUtT a*.
"iZZ Payea. 2513 Mission. 22S5 Mlssioa.
Me Nir.th. 52 Market. S<>6 Third.
&CS Fill=cre. 2732 24th. 463 Fourth.
¦
j DO1TT POBOET TEAT
ED. EVATT
FOE 23 TEAB3 Wi-T-H. T. IiTnTTJT
Is at 7& Geary St.
V7:th a Use stock cf DUmcais. Watches,
Jewelry. Cut Gl*u asd Solid SUverwar*.
No nw>re CO per cest profit on roods.
Cos:* «r.J see ts.t and sav* isooey.
EVATT & HINKLE
76 Geary Street. ¦
t
o?rs rvxsnrcs.
Always Remember the Fall JM^me
g oxzthse fejromo Qiz?mne
CsreSaCoMiaOneDey, Grip in 2 Days
<a sffydfrvvsz,** fed. 25c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fresh milk is good ; fresh milk
and Mcllin's Food is better.
Try it with your baby.
Whether vou none your baby or ose Mtl-
Kn'a Pood you will find oar book, "Th«
; Care and Feeding- of Infants," very Cicfal.
| Simply write for it. It will be seat tree.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
Paian* dont fail to
1 aiaWW gee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
5J tin room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
ITfflTm LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aiiu Loa ud the LA-
U 1«1« DIES ' WRITING
Hotels room -
! '
| For Stomach Disorders
Coutand DvsDepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VlCr^ZZS CO., San Francisco.
A A sks | ¦ ¦ h ¦ Cond to STAT CVR2D. Cacs*
Pj 33 n nao^^t Hnlti> rntona. At-
W B 1IIIIJ1 aar^lwrs. Ho furti«rw5d at
bkJx-um.. Bcok 6OFBEC. Xl««yT»^«.«ll«» w rt
tithint *a J H * j F.ror. P. Haroia Sa^-aa. BuC&Io. H.T.
| AMXTSF.Tvry.ins.
Said the doctor to the glootar nrn 1 ,
'"It's hard to duU you through.
There's one chane« lftt to sare your life.
Ton must see
1 "I-O-U" \
Tbe Uproariously Funny Musical Comedy Sttll
Delighting Thousands.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including Kolb aad
Dill. Allen Curtis. 'WlnSeld BLake. Maad« Am-
ber. Georgia O*Ramey, Altbea Twins, Bea
DUIon.
In Conjnnctlon "With Oar Choras of Fifty ta aa
Entertaining Melange cf Mirth and Son*.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SPEOIAIi BTAT1HE3S CSSZSTaiAS
coxTAsr aisiis at a sxabp.
MATINEES TO-MORROW (Cnriatinas Day)
and Saturday.
Beaeflts la Aid ef «:•
widows' asd ospzAjrs* rnro
SAST 7SAJTCZSCO PIBB OSFASTXZTSrS
E. J. Carpenter presents the Sensational Melo-
drama.
A LITTLE OUTCAST
The Performance Will Conclude With the One-
Act Drama.
EOW TO TIGHT A 7XBS.
Characters by Members of the San Francisco
Fire Department and Police Force.
Beylmrfns Sunday Matin--. W. B. PATTOIf,
th# Peculiar Comedian, la "THE MINIS-
TER'S SON."
ADVANCE
ANNOUNCEMENT!
The world's greatest scngstress, -will appear ta
San, Francisco, her banner city, en the nisi: of
January 7 and the afterncon of the 11th.
Popular Prices,
One. two, three, four and five dollars, win pr*.
-vail.
— Full particulars regarding sal* ef seata will
be announced later.
Racing.'sp^^ Racing!
EVERT TBXEK DAT. HAIN OB SHtXB.
KEW CALIFORNIA JOCKST CLCB.
INGLESIDE. TRACK
Ccmmencins MONDAT. D«c«mber 1*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. ra. sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part cf ths city.
Train leaves Third and Townacnd streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves th* track Immediately
after Um last race. No imeUnc ta - last two
cars, which ar* reserrad for ladles aad" thatx
escorts. ° .
THOMAS H. WIIXIAMS. PresKUat.
PEBCX J7. TREAT, frscrsurr, -' r
I Last Shopping Day Before Christmas j
Double Green Trading Stamps
Given With All Purchases. After 12
O'Clock the Usual Number Wfll \
• Be Given.
¦
Store Open This Evening
I . .
9 acway^reljable
Pl233'125Oy«ARKETSr-»«»
I WANTED— 50 boys to help deliver packages ; most bring
letters from parents. Apply before 9o*cloclc !
A2IX7SE2CBSTSL
COLUMBIA S^SS
I A QT 3 arroHTS
*"****' * a KATX3VXZS
MATINEE TO-MORROW
A2TD 8ATT789AT. *
F. C. WHITEST YnmsttM
LULU GLASER
la Staaxs A Egwtxds* Dainty Orrralo C9«ra«
DOLLY J/ARDEN.
Next Monday — Charlea rrohmaa Freaesta
Clyde FttcJi» Beat Play.
THE GIRL WITH
THE GREEN EYES.
Strong cast of favorite*, taetadtay VDA,
COXQCEST. ROBERT DROUET. MIUiWHIF-
FEM. GRACE HENDERSON aad others.
SEATS NOW READT.
1 fl!MI Y TTTBTOS HOBS lJ
J UiiLI HIGHTS. m
] rUAY I special 1 # kJ
n Ar) 1 HAM I I **-^ * *NE3 I I
jj bnAnUrA | to-morrow. | y
ra biggest Inconh Hart Wl
{S HIT OF vlUocpn flaiL JM
fej HaW Carrie de Mar n
fl NEXT— ABE TOU A MASOS? JS
Bj Funniest Farce la Tears. f^l
1TATINEE TO-DAT. THCRSDAT. Dec. a\.
AC 2 S^axp.
Partraet. any seat. 23c: Balccny. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved 10c
Great Orpheum Road Show.
Merian'3 Dog Pantomime and ''Cae-
sar,'* the Mind-Reading Poodle;
Elizabeth .Murray: 4 Xightons; Ed.
F. Reynard; Ecklioff and Gordon:
Mela ni Trio; Albertiu and .Millar;
Henry Ilambertr, and Ernest Ho*
can. Mattie Wilkes and Company.
SPECIAL MATINEE CHRISTMAS.
TIVDLRS5&
MATINEES CHRISTMAS AND SATCRDAT.
AN EMPHATIC TRIUMPH. \
UagsiScezit Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle.
IXION
Or *"*' " " nf m t* t ; r.-wt a
A Mythological Mas teal Extra. va«ia*a la
Three Acts.
See Bfftiwell Bramt 1 ! 8«an£!fnl BaScts.
USUAL. POPUIiAR PRICES... 23c. 50c aad T3o
Prosceslum and Mezsanlse Box feat? II CO
Seats oa sale two weeks ia adziaca.
ALCAZAR "i™--
__^_ General Min<t«r.
TO-NIGHT— CHRISTMAS WEEK.
THREE MATS.— SAT.. SXTN. AND TOLAS.
"Capital perfsrtsanca." — Chronic!*.
"Unusually versatile coasaay."— CaU. |
Rf I TFT win
DLUC Never
JEANS out? r
GREAT CAST— WONDEH5XJ. REALISM.
The Brass Band. The Pet Ban. Th« Barbe-
cue. The Santa Claus Scene. The ThrtUisa 1
Buzzsaw SensaUoa. Order Seata Ja Aivanc*.
Evecisesv 23c ta 73c; Matinees. Uc to 50c.
Monday, Jan. 4 -A LADY OF QUALITY.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phon* South y^
—
TO-NIGHT— CHRISTMAS WKEJC
MATINEES XMAS. SATCRDAT AND
SUNDAY.
The Moslcal Extrarazasza.
ALPHONSE and 6AST0N
Richest. Raciest. Cleverest cf All.
Vaudeville Specialties tn ETery Act.
COMEDIAN TONY WEST.
MISS VIRGINIA AINSWORTH.
\- <¦¦ Aad Chorus d Forty "Birdie" Glrta.
PfflCF^ ETeninss.-. 10c to Mo
IG1CLJ Matinees 10c. 13c. S3o
New Tear's Weei. Decesher 23 — "THS
DAIRY FARM."
HijTh-CUss Specialties Every At teraoo*
and EresJssr ta thm Thoroughly
Xeated TSaaier.
TO-anGKT
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Coacludia; WIUj
NEW LIVING PICTURES
Presents from the Christmas Tree for AH Chil-
dren Friday Afternoon.
ADMISSION 10c I CHTI.DBEN 3q
CTben Phonics Aak far "Tke Chutes."SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
FAMOUS CAPTAIK OF CAR
LISLE INDIANS AND THE
TEAM AT PRACTICE.
All cheap selling races should be
claiming races, and the jockey club
makes a mistake in not conditioning
them so. The exception should be only
In high class selling affairs.
Little Anderson rides a fair race over
a distance for a beginner. .He piloted
Silver Fizz in the last event, which
mare was played from 12 down '¦• to » 4.
The pace was slow enough to give -one
of Superintendent Bill Fieldwick's har
row horses an outside chance.
wil be made at the Twenty-fifth street
station going, but both trains will stop
there returning after the races
The opening of Ascot Park to-day at
Los Angeles makes little impression on
the local game. Twenty-seven books
the largest number in several seasons,
cut in at Ingleside yesterday. This
does not include two field books and
one combination book.
Joe Yeaeer has wired his agent to
have Arthur Redfern. the jockey, re
pc-rt at Ingleside for duty. Redfern is
now at Los Angeles. Yeager is due
here to-morrow.
Tommy Burns was originally en
gaged to ride Position. Tommy had to
quit the track early to enable him to
catch the Owl for Los Angeles and
never knew what he missed.
Bummer warmed up sore, and if a
horse could not run over the track in
its condition yesterday he looks a poor
betting proposition in future.
Willie Haack is riding in excellent
form. He landed Ada N in front and
was placed *in three other events.
Tommy Burns, accompanied by Les
lie Cog&in. left for Los Angeles last
evening. Tommy will ride The Fog and
F. E. Shaw at Ascot Park to-day, re
turning in time to ride in the Christ
mas handfeap at Ingleside to-morrow.
Trains will leave the depot. Fourth
and Townsend streets, to-morrow for
Ingleslde at 1 and 1:15 p. m. No stop
5473 Discus (Johnson & Co.). 105
54V; Pat Morrlesey (T. Wellman) 102
55T7 Prestolus (F. Devin & Co.) 107
540(» Rio Chko (Harris & Co.).. ..102
5429 »The I/edaean (Boots & Hollen beck).. 100
S:>52 'Dug Martin (V. Gilbert) 97
&4SS Theodora L (P. E. Smith) 1102
0046 Colonel Smith (Uarsen & Co.) 105
•Apprentice Allowance.
FSOBABLE WINNIES.
Tint race — Cardwellton, Xtouls Wajr
ner, Evander.
Second race — Dick Turpln. E. I*.
Prank, Military Man.
Third race — Sad Sam, 7int Chip,
Money Moss. ** .
Fourth race — Caronal. Jockey Club,
KiqTette.
Fifth race — Shot Gun, Peter J, Keail
worth.
Sixth race — Brennus, £1 Orients, Bug
Martin.
NOTES. OF THE TRACK. .
Foley took the first couple of races
on the card, and Hildebrand followed
by winning with MIsty's Pride and Con
stellator.
IKOLESrDi: EACETSACI — WEDNESDAY, Dec. 23. Weather fine. Track good.
.VMM. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds end up; value to first. »325. j
Index Horse and Owner. Rvt'St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op- d
54S4 S. Towers. ¦iCStocktcn Stable). 112 S ... i 1 1 i j 1 n lh Foley 6 10
M4« Sir Preston. 3 (J. Hunter) 10»| 5 ... 3 .# 2 1 2 1 2 % Connell .... 12 30
&4i»l K.inn King. 3 <H. E. Curl) )lO7|l(» ... n u, 4 h 4 n 3 Mi Haack 4 o
Capable 3 (F. C. Moshler) ',103; 11 ... Bh 5h 9h 4h Bell 20 10
r»420 VeUowstone. 4 <\V. P. Fine). . . IllOj 0 ... -, n 8 »£ H h 5 »£ Kuxton 7 8
5498 Boutonniere. a (Johnson) llO9| '.» ... 11 7 h 7 1 « 1 M. Johnson. 12 20
5491 Quatre. 3 (K. Tierney) 104 4 ... 8 h 0 1 ti »i 7 6 Hildebrand 2 2
4791 Honeysuckle, 3 <Frtsco Stable) 91 9 ... Hh »1 » 1 Mi8 2 \V. Dugan.. 15 50
4(520 El Fonse. ft (C. P. Fink) 112 7 ...10 hit 10 1 VI C.Kelly 10 12
64U2 |Gibraltar. a (G. McKenzie)... 11SJ 1 ... 2 h 8 V t 8 h 10 1' 3 \V. Xarvaez 12 20
6112 jHllary. a (Piedmont Stable)... 112| 2 ... 4 1 10 1 11 11 |Uulln:an ... 10 12
Time — :25. 49*i, l:l«Vi. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:W. Sterling Towers, place, 4; show. 2.
Fir Prepton. place. 12; show. 6. Elfin King, «how, 4-5. Winner, ch. m. by Fitzjames-'
Quadruples. ' Trained by J. McCullough. Scratched — Puss in Boots. Start good. Won first
three driving. Winner had excellent racing luck and Is speedy. Sir Preston ought to win
a maiden <laeh. Away better Klfln King would have won. Capable is considered a "morn
ing glory," but ran well. Quatre ran a very cheap race. Too much weight on Hilary.
r.r.o.-.. SECOND RACE— Six furlong r, purse; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Index j Horse and Owner. jwt St. Vi . %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op]! C\.
5469 jMendon (Dayton & Co.) 1103 4 2 h 2 n 2 >4 1 14 Foley 5 7
54S7 iKockaway (Hums & Watrhse)|llO 2 ... SUln 1 >i2lit Burn* 7-2i> 3-10
5499 jlnstructor (Boots & Co.) 100 1 ... 11 42 3>i,3«i C Kelly... 40 100
51S7 |I,ord Wadsv-orth (Ferguson). . 110 « ... 4 'i 3 ti 4 n 4 0 Connell (J 10
iSolanus <\V. B. Jennings) 118 3 ... 5 8 5 12 5 12 5 10 J Martin.. 40 75
5441 [Play Ball (M. J. Daly) |10C 5 ... 6 6 « G W. Daly... 50 300
Time — :24Vi, :49'.;. 1:1jU- At post >i minute. Off at 2:29^. Mendon. place. 4-5; show,
1-5. Rockaway, place. 1-S: show. 1-2U. Instructor, chow, 2. Winner, c-h. g. by Dorian-
Pitonlsa. Trained by A. F. Dayton. Scratched — Otto Stlfel. Start good. Won first
four driving. Rockaway is either a fast track horse or Is stale. Burns rode him hard
ail the way. Mendon Is a clever youngster. Instructor showed improvement. Lord
Wadsworth ran out on -stretch turn.
r»."i(»(l. THIRD UACE — Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $3'J5.
Index] Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. 54. H- K'« Str. Fin. J Jockey. | Op. Cl.
(6X2D]*nsty*a Pride. 3 (Jones & Co )|10.i| 4 ... 11 1 h 1 «/i 1 1 Illilderbrnd 8 4
024'J ,'Americano. .'* (Baldwin) [ll'-i\ H ... 4 ij 2 2 22 22 |Bullman .. 8 15
iPlerce J. 4 (Mrs. Robinson).. 1081 7 ... 81 31 3h 32 Foley 20 50
5494 Cardwellton. 3 (DeArman)... 103 « ... 2 h 5 h 5 1 4 h lLarsen 15 15
5431 iFort Wayne, 3 (A. Hoss) 107| 5 ... 5 2 4 1 4 1,4 5 4 J. T. Shehn 5 5
5494 IFuturlta. 3 (W. H. Kraft).. ~. 1105112 ... 10 1 10 7 16 >i ic'smlth... 3 8
54.JO |Lapidus. 4 (M. J. Daly) |104J 3 ... « 1 7 2 « 7 1 W. Daly... 6*> 100
5442 I Bummer a (Winter & Co.).. 1109) 1 ... S.*£ 6 'j 8 ?i 8,'H |Ollphant .. 2 11-5
6481 Quiet 4 (II. E. Kowell) ilO!»i !i » Vj S lV-jft h 1» 2 R. Kins .. 20 15
5321 !Scotsman. 3 (Jennings & Co.KlllUJlO " ij 9 10 1 10 14 J. Martin.. 8 15
iLady Biiubo. 3 (Uagorgia) ..! B9J13 ... 13 1«. 11 1 11 >-.• R- Co'.ernan 30 10O
IThoth 4 (W. Purker) jHM| 2 ... ]| l |2 122 12 5 Haack .... 60 ICO
JiJiiL • c A aus i : ?- < -fLf 1 "- H.^Ryan). ...|109|ll .. . 12 1 13 13 13 IVickery... 60 100
Time— :24 1 ;. :4SVs. 1:02. At po«t 4 minute. Off at 2:57. Pride, place. 8-5; show, 4-5.
Americano, place t>; ?how. 3. Pierce, show. H. Winner, ch. f. by Handsome-Misty
Morn. Traintd by S. J. Jone?. Start good. Won cleverly. Second a.nd third driving.
Winnei is a faft filly. Americano ran well. Pierce J likfs a longer route. Cardwell
ton looked dangerous In the stretch. Fort Wayne blew up early. Futurita will im
prove. Bummer was and won't do.
55OT. FOTRTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards: soiling: all ages; value to first, |325.
lr.dexj Hcn?e and Owner. IWtiSt. %. %. %Vi Str.? Fin. J Jockey, j Op! CL
5491 [ConstelUtor. C (Keating) ¦ 104j 2 I 1 12 12 13 14 Hlldebrand ~2 2
,0192)'Arthur Ray. 4 (Clayton) t 107j 1 (J ;; t; 2 5 1 2h 2 U Haack 15 30
«54M;.l O U. -I (C. W. Chappell) |1O»'1(> » 14 7 h 81 4 1 .! >i Larsen 7-2 5
.V47« iFoxy Grandpa. 2 (Corfey) 1 Si\ 5 5 i, 4 h 3 U. 3 14 4 \\\ Daly... 30 50
r.4i<7 Iyinar. H (W. McLemoie) ,100: .{ 7 1 M II 1 « 2 .'» 2 lOllpnant ... 10 H
6*70 'Elle. 2 (G. l^nka) 1 85,12 12 111 9 2 il VI Anderson .. 10 15
j ".4SS ;Uieney, 2 (I*. Z. de Arman)..j HUill 10 5 10 4 1(1 1 10 :, 7 5 'J Jones 15 ••()
<54SS), Thank Haven. 2 (Clark) | 82 7 2 2 2 2 2 1 5 1 8 3 Greenfield . 0 !)
MM il'.illy Moore. 0 (T. T. Rector). ;1O5| 6 3 14 :: 1 4 2 !» >i 9 4 C. Kelly. 10 r>
5301 ;C. Schwitzer. 2 (Blasingame). . S7| i> 8 ».. s» 1 7 h 8 1*10 5 IT Butler 20 "Ml
MS« I'.ViFtarla. 2 .Mrs. Schorr) | 871 S 4 l" 5 2 (ihllllM Reed ...'.!'. 8 15
I 5491 iPrestolU!». 3 (Devin & Co.) 1110] 4 11 2 12. 12 12 12 |BuIlman ... 0 11
I Tirre— :25. :50 1:1.1*;. 1:42>4. 1:40. At po»t 2Y, minutes. Oft at 3:2«Vi. Constellator. place
4-o; tliow. 2-5. Arthur Kay, place. 12; show, «. I O I.', show, 4-5. Winner b k bv Bru
t-js-Conste!latl(.n. Trained by Fred HubbarJ. Scratched— Pat Morrissey. start good Won
easily. Next two driving. Gallop for winnor. Grandpa ran a cle'-cr race Better thines
Haven quit. So did Billy Mcore.
55OS. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index j Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. >i . %. % . Str. Fin. | Jockey^ I O p. CU
4734 ,'Ada N. 5 (Antrim Stable) Illll « C h (J 2 6 5 3 W'l M 'Heack k Z
5477 'Diderot. 5 (J. P. Atkln) |llll 2 11 11 1^112 3 W. Waldo" % " S
5497 ChrjTjs Boy. a (Robinson) ....11011 3 3 1 4 1 5 1 « 0 3 1 Folev I "ft l«
5197 IBill Ma ? sie. 5 (McAleeter). . . .|1111 5 4 1 3 "4 3 h 4 K 4 h Bullman*" 4 1» X
5407 .Mechanus. a (T. T. Rector)..|114i 7 7 52 2 1 2h 52 'illoar 5" ifl'ft
54S5 Illlowaho. 4 (H. Stover) 114] 1 2 1*43. h 4 >i 5 i' 3 (I g c kAw" I 3 14%
54S4 ilnwlwc. 4 (Johnson Co.). . . . llWj 4 5 2 7 7 7 7 'M. Johnson' | 50 "0^
Time— Hl%i :W'i. 1:10. 1:29>4. At post V, minute. Off at 3:54>A. Ada place 3- ehow
. «-5. Diderot, place. 3; nhow. O-5. Boy. show. 5-2. Winner b. m by Herald SanTa
Rowt. Trained by E. F. Frederick .on. Scratched— Colonel Van Start irood Wnn
land.ly. Second ard third dr.v.ng. Ada N shook the others off without r ffo?t ' In tVl
stretch. Diderot did well. Bill Manle ran a poor race. Meehanus almost "eft Other!
wise Tie might have won. lllowaho quit early. ¦vin^T'
.VtOO. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mJlesTselllngrXy^^
I noes) Horse and Owner. Wt|Et. M . y, . %. str. Fin. Jockey. 1 O p. d
54G1 Oliver Fizz. 6 (G. Lanka)... 101 1 6 8 4 u, 3 h 3 14 1 U. An<1i>r.7^ 77>
5437 IFrar.k Woods. 6 (Gar. C. Sta.) 104 5 7 S ,llti8-2> 2:i HUdebrinri' 7 o *,
5473 IKitty KMly. 6 (Stanfleld) 10* 4 2 2 2 1 1 h 1 h 3 Haack o , 9 "
5171 [Blessed Damozel. 4 (Chappelle) I 09 7 5h «2 72 «1 41, iV r ,-r. S 14 " 5
54:.2 IBurdock, 0 (H. K. Parks)..... 104 3 1 1 1 h 2 2 6 1 5 V, Chandler'" it S
5411« IPrlnce Blazes, a (E. Herz).. 109 2 3 % 3 >4 6 H44 1 « 16 Folev ' \\ 25
M05 jOutburst. 6 (J. McAIester). . . 107 « 41 5h 4 1i 2 7 1i'7 1 He I J« 1°
5454 iPo«ltlon. 0 (C. A. Durfee).... Ift4 8 8 .3 « 8 S 'lC. Kelly.'.'.'. 7.5' u 5
Time— :25. :50>~i, 1:18. 1:44%. l:oT At post 4 minutes. Off at 4:20 Fizz ' n i'.« — h T~~
4-5. Woods, place. 7-5: show. 7-10. Kelly, show, 1-2. Winner ch m Wv- %£' S 5- OW>
Tonique. Trained by M. Garrity. Start good. Won handily. Second «nd thuiTYi *. ox "
Winner toe best stayer. Woods late In getting r. D . Too far for ic"tt7 Kellv £ fI \ ? g '
could not scare up a gallop. y "-eiiy. Position
sixth race—One mile; three-year-cld* and up
r^Jisnit: . ( ¦
5CB Kl Ori^nte rW. J. Spier*) 10<>
'•¦V:s lllowaho fH. Stover) Il5
T.r.ts lirennuy <.?urj g> > A <».> j 0 -
F;fth iracs- Five and a half furlongs; three
>par-old» and up: purae:
.".is." Shot Gun <Jennlnrs £. Co.).. . 119
Mas Ke.illuorth «H. Stover) ' " ll::
r.4>l Peter J iE. J. HraitH) " j,4
M0S Km8b»e <S. II. Bell) 110
.'.JCO Amarea (Rowley & Co.) ! I .* 107
Fourth rare— One and a sixteen miles; thre«
jfar-olds and up; fellirir:
S4!»C 'Carcnal <C. \V. Chappelle) 93
r.477 X'.Kr«tte Uer.ntngr & Co.) «4
".L9 Pofritlon <C. IXirfee) JOl
:CO1 'J.x-k«-y Club { W. Fieher) flT
¦;.*Y\ 'Allopath (Lamasney .lirot.) ..104
1.154 l!;o thannoa (Mrf. J. Coffey) 102
Third race — Six furlcr.g?; three-year-olds and
ur: fe'I'.r.g:
r..-;S7 Mr.ney Mu*s I*. Dor.alecrro) 1 OS
T.445 "St. t\ lunifrlde <\V. B. # 99
r.4V#«» *Sad i-"am <H. CJreen) 104
M*4 Albemarle (E. Tiemcy) liKi
IVM 'Alice Carey <S. H. Dell) »7
W,f> Aunt Pcliy <OraJTort & Co.) *.1O7
.V!5* 'Mildred Schultx <H. 1. Wilson) ..101
MIS Vflma Clark iJ. MeAlester) 107
r>4y| •<;aptivat«' <P. Hiidteth) 10-J
.'.440 *Eryi>tian Prince** <F. J. O'Rourke). ." 02
5<t«7 Tl.o 1 Winter & Co) KM
First Cnij> <K. -K?san) 105
Dicl: Turpln <F. Regan)
f=»cor.d ra^e— Futurity course; two-year-olds;
puiee :
f*52 H. L. Frank (D. Carrercn) 110
M»:: Military Man <T. G. Ferjfuton). ....;. .11:;
S2i;s Dr. Row-Il (L. A. lilar'.ngame) 113
5470 Ked CrcRs Nurse <K. Crown) 110
M4B Potreto Grande *E. J. Haldwin) .104
frf.TO Hombardier (Jennings & Co.) 101
fr»'.)3 Flea. <V. GillM-rO 101
Frrrt race— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
Up; selling:
R4»4 'Optimo (Mrs. H. Robinson) 99
f.4*4 •I.'juic WsiKiier U. McAllister & Co.).. 09
K.VH; <ard»ellton (V. 7.. de Annan) 1O4
r.4»is Hungarian <Ounn) **
f>:>O<t Kvander (W. Kislicr) »<
f.472 'Marlln (Bender & Co.) 95
r.l'.tS »Nul!ah <G. S. McKenzie) '•>-
41M8 Brlesae <.J. J. Marklein) 107
KHfci •Oathcllo <OUyton & Co.) 92
r.2«i2 'Penance <J. <;. McCarthy) DT
T>4S»K Lungra <Mrs. McMirhaels). ............ 37
4.'AM FUy Hooker <T. Uattai 1"'7
5*S8 Rionda <R. Uu£he«> U7
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
In the opening six-furlong selling
eprint, with a field of eleven starting.
Ouatre was installed favorite and ran
a truly refreshing race. Hlldebrand
had the filly in a good position on the
back stretch, where she seemed to be
only galloping, but in the run home
was carried out on the undertow. Foley
pot away first with Sterling Towers, a
10 to 1 shot, and was not headed, beat
ir.g Sir Preston a neck. Elfin King ran
a fair third.
Misty's Pride, the "Queen of the Jun
ples» defeated quite a collection of
t-pee'd in the third event, a five furlong
dash The Oregon-bred trick was 3
and. 4 to 1 in the betting and early as
suming the lead reached the wire a
length before Americano, the Baldwin
entry, a 15 to 1 fhot. The latter was
the contender throughout. Pierce J..
a 30 to 1 outsider, was third. Bummer
ruled favorite, but was sore and. after,
displaying an inkling of speed, dropped
back.
On paper Constellator looked a good
thing for the mile and fifty yard selling
Dumber, still 12 to 5 was obtainable
about the Keatinp entry. Hildebrand
had the leg up and, getting away well,
it proved only a breeze for the Brutus
gelding.
LIXARS DISAPPOINTING RACE.
Willie Haack landed the 30 to 1 shot
Arthur Ray in the place, a neck before
I O U. Lunar, with Oliphant in the
Fiddle, came in for steady support,
but rsna disappointing race.
A new comer in the game, Ada N.,
captured the seven furlong run. fifth
to be decided. The mare opened at 8.
but cieated no stir in ring circles and
the price went to 8 and 10. The race
had a most open look, lllowaho, Mee
hanus and Bill Massie. all being listed
£t about the same price. Bill Waldo
on Diderot cut out the running for the
Lunch until the stretch was reached.
Then Haack let out his wraps on Ada
N. and she downed the pacemaker with
*ase. Bill Massie and lllowaho both
ran miserable races.
A ragged bunch of canines lined up
in the concluding mile and a sixteenth
selling fixture. Kitty Kelly closed
*>qual favorite with Position. The
former showed some epeedL, even if she
did run only third, but Position could
not raise a frallop. The winner turned
up in Silver Fizz, a 5 to 1 chance, which
finished a head in front of Frank
Woods at the wire.
The entire card wore an uncertain
look and favorites were knocked down
with great regularity. Constellator, at
3 to 1. i mild public choice, was the
only one to win.
The crack Burns & Waterhouse colt
Rockaway is rapidly being shorn of
his peacock feathers, for twice within
a period of five days has he been de
feated when an odds on favorite in the
betting. At Insleside yesterday the
eon of Colonel Wheeler .was held a 3
to 10 chance. With Tommy Burns on
his back, he was outfooted through the
stretch and was beaten half a length
in the two-year-old event by Mendon,
an S to 1 shot, ridden by Foley.
During no part of the running did
the favorite's chances look any too
rosy, for Burns was hard at ¦work on
him from the start. Now he has been
placed on the false alarm list, but it
is more than probable the slow track
was pot to his liking or else he is in
reed of a vacation. Instructor finished
third in the race at odds of 100 to 1.
. FAVORITES BOWLED OVER.
Misty's Pride Finishes Ahead
of a Fast Bunch of Sprint
ers-Ada X Is a Surprise
FAVORITES FAIL TO SCORE
Burns & "Waterhouse's Crack
Youngster Is Beaten by
Meudon, an 8 to 1 Shot
MONEY IS LOST
ON ROCKAWAY
CARLISLE INDIANS SHOW BRILLIANT FORM IN PRACTICE ON THE FIELD
Reliance to Play Chemawa Indians.
Arrangements were comoleted yes
terday for a match between the Re
liance football team and the Chemawa
Indians, to be played at Salem on'Jan
uary' 4- " Reliance plays its •" annual
game with Multnomah at Portland on
Kaw v*»ar*5 day.
have been filed at headquarters that it
has not been in use to any visible ex
tent. \
Before the last permit was granted to
the Sequoia Club its representatives
appeared before the Police Commission
ers and declared that It was a bona
fide athletic club. It was explained
that Bishop was acting as the club's
matchmaker. .Yet Bishop appeared the
night of the last fight as Woods' man
ager and chief second.
Mayor Olney's opposition to the con
tinuance of the contests is based en
tirely on his unwillingness to allow such
frequent affairs as the three clubs can
give. He considers that the West Oak
land Club, beyond question ,a legitimate
athletic organization, and the Reliance
Athletic Club were sufficient. But h»
has not been able to make up his mind
to discriminate against any applicant
and therefore his Honor has taken the
flat stand against the continuance r'
the sport.
The proposed boxing bout between
Harry Foley and Jim Scanlan, which
was to have taken place before the Re
liance Club on January 6, has been de
clared off. Foley wants Scanlan to
scale 165 pounds. The latter claims the
best he can do Is 170 pounds. It is pos
sible Scanlan and Joe Millet, who is
coming to the front rapidly, may meet
before the Colma Club.
Foley-Scanlan Fight Is Off.
The Reliance team^enowed up half
an hour later yesterday than their pros
pective opponents. The Caucasians
caught punts for a time and then went
through signal ' practice, as had the
aborigines. Reliance has plenty of ma
terial and will send a strong eleven
Into the big game. Yesterday the Cali
fornians went through their' routine
work with great speed and accuracy.
Their lice averages more than 200
pounds and the team will outweigh the
opposing force by nearly twenty-five
pounds a. man. Reliance has an ag
gregation of stars of the first magni
tude and there will be some sensational
individual plays, by the whites, In the
game to-morrow.
What Reliance lacks most is team
play. ..The men have not practiced long
enough together' to secure the best re
sults, nor have, they had sufficient
training to 'get into, condition that will
permit" them to 'play as fast as they
might otherwise. ¦
It is sure to be a great game. The
field is in ideal shape and if' it does
not rain before the 'game neither side
can justify itself by explanations after
the contest Is over. Arrangements are
being made at the grounds to accom
modate an immense crowd of specta
tors.' The advance sale of tickets is
heavy.
The officials' have not as yet been se
lected. , Mills, of this year's Harvard
team, happens to be in the city, and
he is likely to be requested to act- as
either referee or umpire. Another Har
vard alumnus, Reid of the Belmont
school, may also be invited to officiate.
Major' Collins of the . same institution
has been suggested as another likely
man for one of the important official
p'ositions.
Reliance will probably take a little
practice to-day, but it will be light.
The tw6 elevens wllllirteup for the
first scrimmage to-morrow as follows":
All California. P° sIt ' on V
Hamilton.....-..-. £• «• L ..Jude
Hobbs ...... «• «• L Dillon
Hauvermann. ..r.vfenter-. ., .,-... -Schouchuk
Kjv. naugh. . . . .... {gS&^—uESZ
M a fl . r " ?. ". ...... .U TV R Exendlne
1 1 ....... L- E. R.... Floreu
Mueller •.••«• H. B..... Charles
Oe1»w" .........L- H. B Sheldon
McGllvrky. Full William,
James Johnson, quarter and captain,
has a reputation for kicking field goals
almost as great as that of little Hud
son, who could send the pigskin over
the crossbar from almost any point
within the 50-yard line. Johnson prac
ticed kicking a few minutes yesterday
and his work looked serious to the Cali
fornians who watched him.
JOHNSOX CAN' KICK.
tricks in plenty and they will probably
rehearse these, however, before they
walk on Richmond field for the big con
test.
To-day the eleven will be taken to
Golden Gate Park and the beach for a
few hours of rest and recreation. War
ner says he will not have the ; men go
through -their signals -before the game.
It is known that the redskins have
Nlkofer Shouchuk, Carlisle's Eskimo
center, was of particular interest to the
spectators yesterday — mostly because
he is the only member of his race on a
football team. He laughs all the time,
as if the whole world were one big
joke. He is a solid little fellow, how
ever, and plays the game as if he had
inherited a talent for.it. Hauvermann
may*expect some trouble from him Fri
day afternoon.
S Charles Dillon, left guard, was also
closely inspected by, those who watched
the practice. He is the tricky lad who
hid the pigskin under his sweater In
the game with Harvard and ambled
100 yards down the field for a touch
down. It was related yesterday that
the eleven with the crimson hosiery
was asking for a microscope to find
the ball while Dillon was accumulating
that five points.
Carlisle has had a successful season.
She suffered defeat at the hands of
Princeton and of Harvard,- and was
tied by Virginia. She won from Buck
nell. University of Pennsylvania,
Georgtown, Swarthmore, Northwest
ern, Gettysburg, Lebanon Valley, Dlck
enson, Susquehanna, " Franklin and
Marshall and Salt Lake. The players
all agree they will appear at their best
next Friday. The Indians' outfit, con
sists of coach, trainer and seventeen
men. ¦ ,. t ¦
ESKIMO EXCITES CURIOSITY.
The strenuous redskins of the Carlisle
eleven and the Californlan gridiron
veterans who are to meet them in the
big game Christmas day were all out
for a good, hard practice yester
day afternoon on the Richmond
field: Eoth teams caught punts
and ran through their signals for
about two hours. When it was all
over .and the athletes were trotting
back to their dressing rooms the spec
tators did not dare to pick a winner.
The Indians put in appearance about
3 o'clock and went to work imme
diately. Coach Warner let his men
warm up by catching punts and falling
on the ball. Then they got into forma
tion and went through the signals for
routine play. Every man on the eleven
handles the ball in splendid shape and
if. the field i3 dry Christmas day the
Reliance team cannot expect to gajn
any ground as a result of furnbliog by
its opponents.
Despite their long trip across the con
tinent the aborigines are in the best
of condition. They are as active as
cats. There is no wait between plays,
for an soon as the ball is down the line
is ready for another rush. The quarter
gives his signals and puts the ball in
play in an amazingly short space of
time. The ends go down the field on
punts like a pair of comets. No one
has to hunt up* the center to 'give him
the ball. The backs start- like ten-sec
ond men.
It has been many a moon since the
California palefaces have seen such
team play. For straightaway, machine
football the copper-hued boys of Car
lisle are about as near perfect as they
make them. Coach Warner says this
team is superior to the one he brought
to the coast four years ago.
Both the Redskins and the Be
liance All-California Team
Will Plav a Great Game
FOOTBALL MEN
IN CONDITION
The usual ninety-six-dog stake will
form the card again this week at
Ingleside Coursing Park. The compe
tition promises to be keen, as the
greyhounds are well matched. The
first round will be run on Saturday,
commencing at 11:30 a. m. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
j E H V!" HaJdlneton; Bonnie Hughta vs.
Golden Bule: Orslna vs. Dorothy M; Donny
brook vsT Wcdgewood: Sliev»namon vs. Mi«
Wilson; Reta S vs. Manru: Harlean Gladys vs.
Kquator- Gold Lily vs. Roy Hughle; Gilmora
Girl vs. Haphazard; Articulate vs. Rag Time;
Conroy vs Texas Betty: Mark Twain vs. Irish
Lad: Stiver Cloud ML Pure Pearl; Emln Bey
vs Comlque; My Nell vs. Lulu Girl: Reckless
Acrobat vs. Belfast: Pepper Hill vs. Frisco
Lad- Pacin* Billy vs. Doc Burns; Lily Yor*
vs \pple Wosaom: Menlo Prince vs. Idleness;
Concord Boy vs. Yukon: Cloudburst v«. Una;
Rlack Flush vs. Colored Lady: Frank vs. Little
Pluneer- Topsy Turvy vs. Our Motto: Dart
away vs Money Musk; Ordinancn vs. Toronto;
Maid of Gowrie vs. Remlsso Animo; Miss
Gr*en vs. Idaho Boy." Little Mercy vs. Frisky
Barbara- Jingle Bells vs. Van Nora; Slskiyou
\s Texas Hoo Hoo; Medley vs. Little Lucy;
Rose of Gold vs. Mollie Me: P.iyal Friend vs.
Mountain Poet: Flora Belle vs. Cloverdale;
nagged Actor vs. Fenli; Queen's Motto vs.
Glaucus: General de Wet vs. Rich Arj:o»y;
Meddlesome vs. Brlc-a-brac: Mareuerette vs.
Old Ironmides: Lady Granard vs. Plowman;
VikinR vs*. Prometheus: The Referee ?». Irvtng
ton Tralee: Troublesome vs. Maid of the
Glen; Youngr Fearless vs. Jessie Dear; Ncrtli
ern Alarm vs. Flora Temple; Helen Hayes vs.
Free Born.
Event to Be Run Saturday
and Sunday.
Nlncty-Slx Entries Arc Received for
WELL-MATCHED GREYHOUNDS
IN INGLESIDE PARK STAKE
The Mayor thus expressed himself
concerning the strongly current rumors
at the City Hall that soon after the
holidays the boxing contest ordinance
will be repealed. "While Mayor Olney
pays he has received no intimation as
to the City Council's possible attitude
toward the recently enacted law, there
is no doubt that pressure is being
brought to bear at the City Hall to in
duce early repeal of the law.
Whence the influence i3 being exerted
has not definitely appeared. "W. B.
Fawcett, the Mayor's secretary, said
this afternoon:
"It looks very much as if the boxing
ordinance will be repealed and. In fact,
I expect to see the Council take that
action after the holidays. It does not
appear where the attack on the ordi
nance Is coming from, but there is an
opposition being manifested."
Behind the stir that has been made is
a story that the city officials would
have been content to allow the two
Oakland clubs, the Reliance and the
"West Oakland organizations, to con
tinue their monthly exhibitions without
disturbance. The Reliance Club con
fined itself to a main event of fifteen
rounds by professionals and a couple
of four or six round curtain raisers.
At the West Oakland Club the pro
grammes have Included four, five or six
four-round contests between amateurs.
Each club has a large following and
almost without exception the monthly
affairs have been more than satisfac
tory to those who enjoyed this form of
sport.
But into the fighting game came the
Sequoia Club, an organization which
has had much difficulty in establishing
its status as a genuine domestic, incor
porated athletic club, as contemplated
under the ordinance. The Sequoia Club
first appeared last March before the
contests were stopped and gave an al
leged fight at Dietz's Opera-house that
did not prove to be satisfactory. After
the -ordinance was signed, the club was
granted a permit In October, but one
of the principals failed to show and
again the club was in bad odor. Then
"Biddy" Bishop, an itinerant manager
of pugilists, sliowed as matchmaker for
the club and he handled the Woods-
Reilly fight last week.
It is the Sequoia Club that is the
disturbing element. There is a grave
doubt in the minds of some city of
ficials that the organization meets the
requirements of the ordinance. It ha3
a very limited amount of apparatus and
practically no gymnasium, using old
Dietz's Hall as its club rooms.
The police have kept a watch on the
hall to discover whether it was in ac
tual service as a club room, and reports
"I shall hot vote to grant any more
permits to conduct boxing contests,"
said Mayor "Warren Olney to-day.
"There are entirely too many of these
affairs going on in Oakland. One a
week or thereabouts is simply creating
a Mecca for the bruisers in this city,
and that is a very undesirable situa
tion."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 23.
Mayor Olney Announces That
He- Will Not Vote .to Grant
Any More Contest Permits
TRIES TO STOP
PRIZE FIGHTING
The Gold Firmer. 107 (Miles) : Golden Rul-.
138 (Redfern*: Redan. 112 U. KelfO; Orfw. lit
(J. Baker); Ila* Tag. 107 (U Spencer) •°™ 1 **:
114 (J. Ransch): Geheimness. 103 (J.
M F. Tarpey, 106 (Carson): Princess Titanta.
118 (Chandler); Best Man. 112: The Foy. 105 (T.
Burns); iVarte Mcht. 115 (Knapp); Bummer,
110; Sir Hugh, 103.
LOS* ANGELES, Dec. 23.— Ascot
Park, the new and splendidly equipped
racetrack, will open to-morrow for a
ninety days' season of racing. There
are Btabled at Ascot Park between 603
and 700 horses, including representa
tives from all the big stables now on
the Pacific Coast and comprising soms
of the best horses in the country. The
track is considered one of the best. If
not quite the best, west of New York.
All the buildings, including grand
stand, stables and other' appointments,
are in keeping with the excellence of
the track itself.
The officials who will serve during
the winter season are all experienced
and well-known racing men. Colonel
A. W. Hamilton of Mount Sterling.
Ky., who has for several years offi
ciated as presiding Judge at Harlem
and Hawthorne tracks. Chicago, -will
act in the same capacity at Ascot. His
associate will be Ed Cole, the well
known sportins writer of New York.
Ed Jasper, secretary of "Worth track,
Chicago, will be secretary and handl
capper. The starters will be Richard
Dwyer and Jake Holtman. who will al
ternate between Ascot and the San
Francisco tracks.
The opening programme comprises
six races, the feature of which will be
the Mount Lowe handicap, a sweep
stakes for two-year-olds and upward,
with $1000 added money. The distance
is six furlongs and the probable start
ers, with weights and Jockeys, are as
follows:
All the Big: Stables Now on
the Coast TVill Send Repre
sentatives to the Post
Los Angeles Track Pronounced
in Excellent Condition for
the Ninety Days' Season
¦»
MANY HORSES IX TRAINING
RACING OPENS
IT ASCOT PARK
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1003.
10
AD VEBTI5EMENTS.
Te>rhone Jchn 371.
=IN. S. H/\rSD=
the "Metropolitan BOOMS 1, 3 and 3,
Horse Owner*" and ,.«) nrnrn/Tnii or
•Intestate" Turf As. ||3 STOCKTON ST.,
•ociatlons vt New •
*ork. £w Fr*nci«cs, Ctl.
T*rciB (durlnc California «ea*oa oalvt. f2
P«r day or (10 per we«k.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/
HAVANA CIGARSSAN JOSE, D«c. - 23.— An open verdict was
rendered In the case of th« Italian found dead
In the htUa;near Morgan HtU yesterday, al
though Indications point to a suicide. D?ath
was due to » gunshot wound In the throat.
It is reported that Jonathan Hutchin
son has said that "when a man sneezes
heartily he may know himself to be in
the best of health," and that "no person
In poor health was ever known to
sneeze." The Scientific American, refer
ring to this reported statement, falls
foul of the English surgeon for making
so dogmatic an asertion when the fton
trary is so easily proved. The Journal in
question then goes on to relate many old
superstitions with regard to the ill luck
attending sneezing, some of which, while
proving nothing, are interesting.' It a.p
pcars that many savage, and. semi-civil
ized races of the Orient have, some curi
ous customs regarding the sneeze. When
the Sultan of Monomtopa sneezes, for in
stance, the fact is made known from his
palace by a certain signal. Instantly
every subject within hearing of ¦ the sig
nal sets»up a snout, the cry is taken up
by others, and so extends until it runs
through the confines of his empire. When
the Sultan of Benaar sneezes, on the con
trary, every woman in his harem or
within hearing tarns her back on him
and makes a sipn of contempt by smit
ing her hips with her hands— disgusted
that so mighty a personage should have
to sneeze like an ordinary mortal.—^Med
ical Record. . ' ;".
When a Slan Sneezes.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 23.— On account of
the peaceful, condition of affairs in the
Carbon County coal district/ two com
panies of militia were to-day relieved
of further active duty and ordered
home.
Militia Is Disposing.
At an early hour this morning Louis
Eratziatino, an Italian laborer, was
ambushed and fatally shot by Louis-
Oreo in front of the latter's home at
2160 Glen avenue. Oreo stood behind j
a tree when he flred the shots and
made his escape when his victim, with
two bullet wounds in the neck, .fell
to the pavement.
Just what caused the shooting the
police have been unable to ascertain,
except that it was the result of a row
the two men had earlier in the evening.
Captain Peterson and a posse of offi
cers are searching for the would-be
murderer, but as yet have been unable
to locate him. /
Oreo,. who is also a laboring men. re
sides with his wife and family at the
house in front of which the tragedy
happened. Eratziatino has recently
been making his home at the same
place and the two were presumed to be
fast friends. Something happened to
sever their friendship last night and
a row was the result. From this point
mystery, which the* officials have y« ;
been unable to unravel, arises. The
members of the family will not talk
and their neighbors, who are of the i
same nationality, remain silent.
Soon after midnight two reports of
a pistol were heard and when the po
lice arrived on the scene" Eratziatino
was found on the sidewalk, bleeding
from two wounds in the neck. He
was removed to the Fabiola Hospital, j
where the physicians pronounced his
injuries fatal. Captain Peterson, on
learning that the assassin had made i
his escape, picked a posse of men and
started for the seen*. Peterson found
that Oreo had stood behind a tree di
rectly in front of the house and fired
as his victim passed. Where the men
were after the trouble^ happened early
in the evening or what occurred be
tween them could not be ascertained.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cajl.
1118 Broadway, Dec. 24.
Holleywood, Los Angeles County, has
organized a board of trade.
According to the Ukiah Republican,
the articles of incorporation of the Sav
ings Bank of Mendocino County have
been filed. The capital stock is J50.00Q.
The Visalia Times i3 authority for the
statement that a new road through the
General Grant National Park to the
head of the Kings River Canyon will
be completed next summer, making *
direct route from Visalia and Sanger.
CHICAGO. Dec. 23.— The Grand Jury
to-night voted indictments against four
men prominent in labor circles- They
are J. E. Johnson, business agent Brass
"Workers* Union; L. E. Fisher, secre
tary International Order Machinists;
R. S. Crane, business agent Interna
tional Order of Machinists, and James
L. Lamb, business agent International
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.
The indictments voted charge conspir
acy to wreck the business of the Kel
logg Switchboard and Supply Company
during a strike which was productive
of much violence during the early
spring. Testimony was presented t©
the- Grand Jury to the effect that the
four accused men had visited officials
of the Kellogg Company and threat
ened to interfere with the business of
the concern unless the company came
to terms with it3 employes.
While indictments were vot«d
against these men the Grend Jury re
fused to return a tree bill against
Charles F. Lang, foreman of a local
printing house, who shot and killed
Emil Reichow, a picket allied with the
striking press feeders of the Franklin
Union. Lang was himself a union man
and was assaulted *by a mob of which
Reichow was one. He fired one shot,
which struck Reichow and caused his
death. Lang established a clear case
of self-defense.
"Do we still sell the old fashioned
family Bible, with pages in it for the
record of births, deaths arfd mar
riages? Oh, yes."' said the book
seller, "but not so many of them as
we once did.
"There are more Bibles sold now,
taking them all together, than ever
before, and the Bible is issued now
in an almost endless variety of forms
and styles; but the demand for it in
this particular form i3 now, I should
say, not more than one-third what it
once was.
"Still, we keep these record Bibles
to-day in a dozen styles, ranging in
price from $5 to $20. The blank rec
ord pages, these often illuminated,
are bound in between the testaments.
-In some of these Bibles there is
a blank presentation page upon which
may be written the name of the per
son to whom the Bible is presented,
with the name of the giver; and in
some of them is contained a blank
marriage certificate; and in some of
them are bound in with the pages for
the record of births, deaths and mar
riages pages for the record of tem
perance pledges. _ >
"These Bibles are more likely to be
bought nowadays by country people,
and it might be by people of the Ger
man race and by. Irish Protestants;
all likely to be substantial people of
comfortable means; conservative peo
ple who cling to time honored cus
toms.
"So, while the old time family rec
ord Bible, with pages for the record
of births, deaths and marriages, has
gone somewhat out of fashion and is
not sold to the extent to which it once
was, yet it is still sold, and the de
mand for it is stlU considerable. —
New York Sun.
The Red Bluff • People's Cause says
that the headgate of the Central Canal,
north of St. John, has been completed
and work is progressing on tha line of
the canal in Glenn and Colusar coun
ties. I v
The MarysvIIle Appeal says that the
women are in. earnest in proposing to
improve Marysville through the agen-'
cy of a Civic Improvement Club.
a million of the six millions of Cana-
Union;- Mu*t Answer Suit.
A demurrer to the complaint of E.
Gentili, a Bush-street restaurant pro
prietor, for an injunction preventing
the Cooks* and Waiters* Union and
affiliated bodies from maintaining: a
boycott on his place of business was
overruled by Judge Sloss yesterday.
The defendants were given ten dayg
in which to answer.
Mystery Surrounds Attempted
Murder in Italian Colony
Soon After Midnight Hour
Grand Jury in Chicago Pre
fers Charges Against Four
Accused .AValking Delegates
SHOOTS EN EMY
FROM AMBUSH
LABOR LEADERS
ARE INDICTED
DEMAND FOR FAMILY
RECORD BIBLES
Xot so Great as Formerly, but Still
the Inquiry for Them Is
Interior Fr^icht Handlers' and War^houf
rr.pn's l'nl"n No. T.U ?!*cted the following oMi
rers: Pr*^',icnt. Nicholas Winfky; vice presi
dent. Charles Warden; recording secretary,
Joseph Kenttell; financial »"<?re*ary. James
McTearnan: treasurer. John Madden; warden.
Welter Benson; trustees — Cari Hansen. Wil
liam Re«?d and Timothy Cronan; deleeatei" to
Labor Council — George W. Hubert. Carl Han
!>«n and Harry Witham; conductor, D. S O.
LaJly.
Felt and Composition Roofers' Union No. 1
ha* ejected the foUowinx-named officers:
President B. E. Power*; vice president. J. K.
Doyie: treasurer. E. C. Travis: corresponding
f^ecretary. C. P. St. John; financial secretary.
J. A. Gr«*en: warden. Edward Gillesple: con
ductor James Mahoiwy; trustee M Monte
delegates to Building Trades Council— B. E.
Powers. E. C. Tra\-is and C. p. St. John.
Barteniiers' League No. 4t has elected'offi
cers as follow*: President. C. F. Meyer; first
vice president. J. V*ra; s^oond vice president,
J. L. Wells; financial and corresponding secre-
Branch No. 8. wholesale market — Chairman,
H. J. Mcnterchard : vice chairman. H. Boase;
Fuir!.-. Charles Wepner Sr. ; jruardlan. V. Hag
fnauer; ttlgeMXttU at arm«. Charip* Ruppel. J.
Kratzmer; delegate to the joint executive
b-j&rd. Varies \\>nk.
Branch Xo. 2. sausage makers — Chairman.
John Funk; vice chairman. H. Cobbert: pulde.
J. 6chaber; raardtan. Cris. Kastner; yrrfft-ant
at arms. K. Kohler: delegate to the joint «•*
ecutive board H. Cobbert.
Butchers' Union No. 115 will give a
turkey to-day to every striking butcher
formerly in the employ of Miller &
Lux. The Restaurant-keeepers' Asso
ciation and the Cooks' and Walters'
hax'e not yet come to any agreement.
Union Branches 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 of
the Allied Provision Trades Council
have nominated the following named
to be elected for office for the ensuing
year:
Various Unions Select Men Who Will
Guide Their Destinies During
the Coming Year.
STRIKING BUTCHERS WILL
HAVE A TURKEY DINNER
tary. P L- Hoff; recording Mcretary and read
ing clerk. H. G. Randall: business agent. Al
Condrotte- treasurer. G. Renkfn; fnspector, J.
Ogood; Inside guard, P. Tanner; outside
Kuard H. Fiathmann: trustees — T. M. Scully,
C Tledemann nnd J Walsh: *xecuttve board —
s' Clark P. Tanner. C. Donlan. A. J. Foley
and E Smith: delegate to State Federation of
Labor.' P. Tanner: superintendent of headquar
ters. C. Tledemantt.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 23.— Thomas
Mack, a plumber, whose home is in
Hollywood, is lying at the Receiving
Hospital suffering from a fracture of
the skull. He fell from the roof of a
two-story building on North Main
street this afternoon, and for a time it
v.-as thought that his injury was sus
tained wholly by accident. Investiga
tion by several detectives, however,
leads to the conclusion that Mack was
a victim of attempted murder, that his
injury was sustained as a result of a
blow from a chair and that when ho
fell he was in a dazed condition and
was trying to escape from his assail
ant.
During a lucid interval to-night Mack
stated to the officers that he had gone
to a room in the Grand Central Hotel,
accompanied by a man named S. A.
Parker, to see a woman friend. As
soon as he entered the room he was
struck twice from behind, and then he
remembered no more until he was
crawling from a window to the roof of
the adjoining building. When he tried
to reach around the corner of the
building to a window his hand slipped
and he fell fortv feet to the street,
striking J. R- Vogle, a well-known
druggist. Vogle broke the force of
Mack's fall and prevented his death.
Mack had entered the hotel early in
the afternoon, accompanied by a young
man supposed to be Parker. Nothing
was known of the fight in the room
and no trace of Parker can be found.
An examination of the room showed
that it had been the scene of a des
perate struggle. Blood was spattered
over the walis and a broken chair
showed what Mack had been struck
with. The detectives believe Mack was
a victim of the "badger" game, but
they have been unable to find those
who assaulted him. He has about an
even chance of recovery.
_ — •£•
CASE PUZZLES
THE OFFICERS
Manager- of United Railroads
Intimates That Threatened
Demands for More Pay and
Other Concessions Will Fail
"The United Railroads has always f?n
fieaTcred to meet its men in a broad
spirit of fairness. The. twenty-five-cect
rate prevailing here before the last de
mands were made constituted the high
est rate general in any large city in
America. When the last demand was
made we submitted it to arbitration,
and Mr. Mahon, international president
3f the Carmen's Union, joined Mr.
Straus in raising the rate and creating
a graduated scale of wages, making in
certain instances no change and in oth
ers granting an advance to 26*4 and
27^ cents per hour. The decision signed
5y Messrs. Mahon and Straus expressed
th» belief that the award ought to and
would brinsr about a permanent and
long continued peace. It should do so
in ail good conscience, for the rate is
higher than our former rate, which was
the highest rate paid men on any large
system in cimilar employment."
'"The employer vrho pays the highest
wage?," paid Manager Chapman, "is
entitled to the best service. We are
discharging no nan except for clear
violations of the rules of the company
and not then until after careful inves
tigation, and I cannot conceive how it
may be said that our dismissals are
producing strained relations. There is
a place, somewhere, where this con-
Ftant agitation must stop. The United
Railroads is entitled to a season of in
dustrial p^ace. We have pone as far
as a man can go and preserve his man
hood, and a mistake will be made if in
the sprrnie we are confronted with fresh
demand? ar.d fresh troubles.- Peaceful
methods of securing peaceful ends are
about exhausted and for the sake of
a!l concerned I hope that no one is
looking for trouble.
"I do net ear** to discuss in detail the
dismissals from our railway during the
last year." continued Manager Chap
man, for they are not out of the ordi
nary. But probably some attention
should be ?iven to a charge, publicly
made, that the relations between this
company and its men are strained in
co nseqjienc* of dismissals of employes.
FAIRNESS DESIRED.
Mr. Chapman's* statement followed
the story published yesterday morning
to the effect that dissatisfacion exists
among the members of the union over
the rulings of the board of arbitration
as regards the wage schedule and the
report that has gained wide circulation
that the employes are contemplating
rr.aking formal demand for a revision
of the vage scale and for recognition
of the union in the hiring and the dis
charging of m?n. The latter proposi
tion is said to be the result of the al
leged wholesale discharge of employes
from the company on various pretexts.
but in reality r>ecause of their activity
in the affairs cf the union.
TIRE OF TTR3IOIL.
In language that will not admit of
misinterpretation Manager Chapman
Of the United Railroads yesterday is
sued a statement that can only be ac
cepted in the light of an ultimaum to
the employes of the street railway lines
over which he has supervision. It is of
a defiant character, plainly intimating
that the corporation of which he is
the directing medium is prepared to
meet all future demands of the Car
men's Union with a firmness not here
tofore exhibited by the company in its
dealings with its men in matters per;
taining to th»ir respective interests.
The quartet of criminals then .visited
the boot and shoe store of Max Wolf
at 820 Third street and looted it. They
took goods valued at $50. Then all
trace" of them was lost. The police were
at once notified and detectives started
to work.
Late last night Detectives Graham
and Fitzgerald, who were detailed in
the district, located four men who were
acting in a suspicious manner on Har
rison street and watched them. The
men appeared to be lying in wait for
somebody. A newsboy was then seen
to approach and give a signal to the
men and the four started off. The de
tectives were quickly upon the crowd
and had them* in irons. An old man,
who is supposed to have been another
•lookout." was also taken into custody.
At the Central Police Station, to
which the men were taken, it was
found that two of them were the no
torious Stafford brothers, who have
served terms in the penitentiary.
The newsboy also bears an unsav
ory reputation with the police. Some de
tectives "believe that they are the per
sons responsible for the crimes com
mitted on the previous night as well
as others which have recently caused
trouble for the police.
ENTER A SHOE STORE.
liOLD UP A MAX.
In South Park the burglars met Con
stantine Quasdika, who resides at 268
Brannan street. They ordered him to
! throw up his hands, at the same time
i placing two revolvers to his head.
| Quasdika complied with the command
! and two of the men went through his
'• pockets, taking a small amount " of
coin. They then ordered the man to
; walk in the direction of Third street,
while they disappeared in the darkness
of a side street. Regardless of the
fact that the police might be searching
the neighborhood for them, they re
turned to' Brannan street, between
Second and Third, and entered the
Teamsters' Exchange saloon while the
proprietor was drawing a pitcher of
beer for a woman who was waiting
outside. One of the men went behind
the bar. opened the cash register and
pocketed about $28. , The proprietor
turned, but the robbers rushed from
the place and ran toward Third street
Soon afterward the men appeared at
the corner cf Third and Brannan
streets and approached Antone Galicia,
who was standing in front of a saloon.
They demanded money from the man,
but he informed them that he did not
have any. They then asked him to take
them inside and buy them a drink, but
he* repeated his answer that he was
without funds. One of the robbers then
struck him on the head with the butt
end of a revolver, cutting a gash two
inches long. Galjcia fell* to the pave
ment, shouting for help, and his assail
ants ran off. The injured man was
taken to the office of a physician in
the neighborhood and the wound was
stitched.
' About ,10 o'clock. the crooks went t<
the store owned by Niven'& Veeder ai
210 Brannan street and, with the use q!
a "jimmy,' 1 forced off the 'shutters thai
protected one of the front windows
They entered the store, went to tht
place where the guns were kept anc
secured two revolvers and severa:
boxes of ammunition. They also se
cured other loot, which was not of a
bulky nature. Loading the revolvers
they started for South "Park. Acros;
the street they saw a Greek laborer
whose attention they had attracted,
and who watched as thev committed
the crime. Approaching the man, thej
commanded him to move on, at the
same time striking him on the head
and knocking him down. The victirr
of the assault made his escape as
quickly as possible, but was too fright
eced to hunt for the police In the vicin
ity until some time .afterward,
Four desperadoes started cm a tous
of crime south of Market street shortly
after 10 o'clock Tuesday night and thi
record of six daring deeds was soon ii
the possession of the police. The crim
inaJs committed burglary first for th«
purpose cf cecuring arms and ammuni
tion and their trail afterward* wai
marked by two hold-ups, another tilfr
glary, robbery cf a till and an assault
The victim of one hold-uo was strucl
on the head with a revolver and se
riously injured, but the other escaped
after giving up what money he had ii
his possession. A laborer who was t
witness tc one of the crimes was beatei
by the thugs. Detectives were glvei
a good description of the quartet anc
spent yesterday in a search for them.
Late last night Detectives Grahan
and Fitzgerald arrested six men, in
eluding a newsboy and an elderly man
and plaeed thoir names on the detinu<
book at the Central Police Station
Four of the men .are. believed to b*
the crooks responsible for the w'ork
and the other two .are thought to havi
been accomplices.
: STEAL. REVOLVERS.
Detectives Arrest Suspects ii
Company With a Newsbo;
and an Aged Man, Thought t
Be Accomplices of the Gani
The proprietors of the bakeries say
they have DO fear of a bread famine^
as many bakers are not participating
m the strike movement. The butchers
and restaurant waiters are holding a
meeting to decide whether or not to
join in the strike. . ..
The bakers this afternoon attempted
' to make a demonstration in front of
the Luxembourg Palace, "where the Sen
: ate "was sitting, but 500 mounted po
: lice took possession of the surrounding
' streets and the Prefect of Police, M.
• Lepine. personally conducted a rigid
j suppression of the disorder. All groups
' of. persons were prevented from gath
ering and a number of arrests were
made. The action of the police com
pletely broke up the demonstration.
j The strikers are gathering for another
I demonstration on the Place de l'Opera,
i where there are dense crowds of holi
i day shoppers. Mo-unted troops and po
j Hoe are preparing to prevent the dem
; onstration.
PARIS, Dec.* 23.— The strike here of
men empltjyed in the various branches
6f» food supplies'"' began to assume se
rious proportions to-day. The bakers
assembled .at the Labor Exchange and
adopted resolutions favoring a strike
throughout the baking trade to begin
to-day, declaring in favor of a general
strike in all branches of the trade and
announcing their intention not to re
sume work until Parliament suppressed
the municipal r employment agencies.
The indications are that a 'considerable
number of "butchers, grocers and pastry
cooks will take part in the strike.-
Anticipating demonstrations, the mil
itary and police have taken elaborate
precautions. Large forces of guards
are held ready at the various barracks
and many police are oa duty around
the exchange. Many, thousands of bak
-ers are parading the streets. .
The city has taken on a martial ap
pearance. Squadrons of mounted troops
and police are stationed on. the main
squares and in the principal thorough
fares.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.— The struggle be
tween the liverymen's and und ?rtaker3"
associations and the drivers' union,
which for the lasf few days has serious
ly interfered with the trtirial of, Chi
cago's dead, as no hiarses or carriages
have been available for funerals, is to
be a figrht to a finish, alj efforts looking
to a settlement of the strike by concili
ation having been abandoned to-nigrht.
For the last two days the prospects for
a settlement by arbitration seemed
bright, but to-day the contending par
ties drifted farther apart than ever and
all i>eace negotiations have been de
clared off by the employers.
At a meeting to-night of the employ
ers affected hy the strike it was decided
to open for business to-morrow morn
ing on the "open shop" principle and
employ union or non-union men. Be
fore this decision was reached ar
rangements were made to petition one
of the Circuit Court Judges to-morrow
; for an injunction restraining the strik
ers from interfering with the business
! of the employers. The conservative
element at the meeting: worked hard
to prevent the opening of the stables.
but was defeated. It was proposed to
make overtures to the strikers on an
arbitration basis. This was not given
he«-d by the more radical element,
which expressed itself as being tired
¦waiting. The unions predict trouble
v> hen the '"open shop" plan is tried.
In anticipation of opposition by the
unions the employers to-night called
upon Chief of Police O'Xeil for further
police protection against violence and
picketing. In reply Chief O'Xeil said:
"The police have bee n ordered to ex
tend you the utmost protection in car
rying on funerals. If you experience
the slightest trouble call up the nearest
police station, and if that does not heip
call me up."
Chief O'Xeil's plan is to have police
men in cabs accompany all funerals.
Members of the association said to
night that should the police fail to
maintain order the Sheriff would be
called uron for protection, and should
that fail the Governor will be appealed
to to supply militiamen.
The driver of an ambulance which
was taking a body to a train to-day
w;is made the target of abusive epi
thets, and in another instance mourn
ers were delayed by pickets until the
body which they were accompanying
had been placed aboard a train and the
train had left the station.
STEAL THE WEAPONS
THAT THEY CARRIE
BROADLY HINTS THE
POLICY OF (JOMPANY
Liverymen and Undertakers De
cide to Resume Business
Upon an "Open Snop*' Basis
City Has a Martial Appearance,
and Precautions Have Been
Taken to Forestall Trouble
OTHER TRADES MAY ACT
Boldly Throws Down Gauntlet
to Local Carmen's Union,
From Which Reports Come
That Trouble Is Impending
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS OFF
"\VitIiin_ One .Hour .Pesperadqej
. Stand Up Two Men, Assauli
Another;, Rob a Saloon Til
arid Break Intj o ' Two Store:
Men Show Discontent Because
Parliament Will v -Not Sup
press Employment- Agencies
Members of Drivers' Union anil
Former Employers in Chicago
Will Fi£ht to a Finish
SIX CRIMES
MARK TRAIL
OF THIEVES
CHAPMAN
ISSUES AN
ULTIMATUM
END OF STRIKE
NOT IN SIGHT
PARIS BAKERS
TALK OF STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1903.
11
SEE THE PICTURES
JUST WATCH FOR THE
FEONT PAGE
OF THE-
SUNDAY CALL'S
; NEW YEAR EDITION
I A CALENDAR I I FREE TO -READERS I
ART PICTURE =. °/™
[¦: FOR 1901 ,-.| 1 1 ¦¦¦¦CALI 1
;,--,-- .. }»% ,; -¦ *¦•*/* i /O' J%y V 22 3J k : ¦""¦ ' I • I t 4*Jt*~* ¦ -, Mw.-^ ¦ •¦¦* -¦
. ¦' - '¦' x&LWr £ ff /? | JfJ'. 4-4\ J5 & JT ¦ ' •^^^^^vSSSli^^^^^ ' ' TZJSi t ¦ t m ' *<k /ft 9 1 '¦ T ? 1 f^ !r 'fc 'i " •
"^ - :/ ' l''< ' '•' - II „ • i \
' "LADY IN RED/* [
A Striking Girl in Red. A Rich Calendar in. Three Colors
1«~ r >~ NEXT SUNDAY'S SUPPLE>IENT TIIE CAUL secured, for Its
exclusive use, the richest, most expensive and novel New Year's
feature that hns ever been offered by a newspaper to its readers.
j "A 1904 Girl" is one of Brysorfs last productions in pastel.
i portraying a ' decidedly chic figure in dashins colors, effecting a
' study that has in itself a distinct character. ______ m
- m^-~~~~ This will doubtless outlive this celebrated artist's former efforts, judg- ."
ing by the opinions expressed by art critics, who all have agreed that it
is one of the finest of modern studies from life. The picture is panel shape
"~~~~~~~"" ~""~~ with dark background, surrounded by an artist's sketch of the months of ~~— — -
the coming year, being furnished on heavy paper of the best quality, size
10&xl5 inches.
IMPORTANT TO BEAR IN MIND — That it Is * absolutely impossible ~~~""~^ j
to estimate the exact number that will be necessary to supply the demand,
and as these art supplements are manufactured for The Call by Its Eastern .
printing house, if you are not at present a regular subscriber, you arc likely
to be disappointed unless your newsdealer, carrier or this office is in-
I structed In advance to reserve for yon, as we are obliged to order in advance.
•> NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL »
Read The Daily Call— Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•I I RESTORE STRENGTH
Thooeaada of men are m»re pygmies of what
' jd/riTT^ cature Intended them— backward, over-fer.sl-
fl£3fc*\ Tli*. fparint to venture. tl*\i'-Aif-. easily 'ii;>-
f^J3y<y\ courmted. short of breath, weak-nervod, lack-
HRJ^P -Q inir in erit. th" "r^wi" ¦whi-" i h I* the pose'^ion
I <-f rtcoroui h»alth. They need Klf-r-tririty.
f\^\, . f' which is animal vitality. It is th* foundation
cf all visor. It Is the fuel to the engine which
lffWif^. run» the human machine. Klectridty, as I
>*C?*i^!»»^ &£$>%l apply it. i» a source of new life to all parte of
Dr " &Ic *- au g"fc lin ' s Electric Belt
yfc^teff- . •"•-V,* -SaipSrjfc i \ Restores the ?nar. the vim, ard visor of
-# 1 "-' "5£ \l youth. Any man v/h»» r\f>ars it <.an b*> a giant
TV~* fr&S&i'^ ¦"•"'* J*«Sr ' I ' n rr '" r - ta! nn ' i Physical d'vnlorjrr.T.t. M*n.
"-'' -r "£^£t&r Jl : ' r< * J " nu *' f; * lc - b* v * VO ' J paia- 4 in thf back,
/Nt?J%^ ~^&&&*&£&F .^ rJ^ varicocele. wak stomach. <-cr..-ti:>at:.in. lum-
bago, rh"tirr.ati?rn. er.larp-ri rr'.stra'e s'and. or
% ~£Szf*^SiKlf l BltyHP£^^ t^^-*_^ ar> °- l^° r<?-'' u!t!i of r- : >rly diss!r ; ition or over-
/ Tr^315Sy^ JSSSSS^^^ work? My rr.»tho<i of applyir.s? E!<-*-tricitv
I f JT-^JtmX r ' a^TWr**^ while you sli-eji »t nipht will cure you. It
fJj^pOO^/' JSSSift^^^' fills the nerves with the fin* of life.
T]r2f^)(^K}\^ READ THIS KVIDEXCE:
/ \&\?yZtJrt\l VxSf V^^ Tfce nM " vous weakne?«s I complained of the
<<5r\. K Y—Sry/ l/fillvivrvx la?t Elx or *<= v en months has entirely rone.
fOXllJrar / fffkW * X Vour IJett me in two months. The Belt
\V*#Jj5^ //• 1 1 'V;'-,!*!*' also done wonders for my sen. who had a
R • a^ ' I tad casr of rhftimatlsm. Since my cure I have
„ praised- your Belt to many doctors as well as
'^V * ethers and will continue to do so.
Yours sincerely,
* H. W. YOUNG. Port Uarford. Cal.
I bad b«m voStrinz for over ten years from oervous exhaustion and great weakness
of ritai force and had tried all triads of tnciicints and many doctor* without relief when
1 ccm^-encrd'the use of your Beit, but sixty days arter doing- bo I was completely cured.
OWEN ORR, Garvanra. Cal.
Fcr twenty years I have studied Electricity a? applied to the upbuilding of strength,
and my method of treatment, -now tried ,aad successful, is the result of my study «nd ex-
* Electricity is life to the weak parts and to the nerves of the body. They cannot live
) without it- Get back the power and maice yourself, a man amonj men.
•Write To-Bay Sox My Free XXLturtrftted Book aal Poll Information.
Dr. McLau«hlin'« book Is published for free 'distribution- to those interested In the
development of vigorous health in men and women. It is profusely illustrated and describes
ay method of treatment and appliances. Sent waled free on request- Send 'for it to-day.
Dr. M. C McLaughlin, '«*• »lS*SL2t
Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 1.Sun, Moon arid Tide.
United States Coast and . Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height ot High and Low Waters
The Time Hall on the tower of the Ferry
buildir.s was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at s u.
m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant- V. S. N., . in ¦ charge.
Branch Hydrosraphic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants 1 Exchange, £an ¦ Francisco, Cal.,
December 23.
Time Ball.
7hr J'arific Mail Steamship- Company"s
fct'.amsiiiii Acai-ult.o, Captain XV. J. Russell,'
v.rurh arrived yesterday frpzn Panama and-way
r.r.itf. was d'talnea fcr F'versl hours in quar
antine on acooui.l of the death on December
It of Ed«iirt! Jeffries, a cabin pass«>nE<>r. who
Joined the -teani'-r at Nicaragua. Jtalarfi was
giv?n as tho oatife of d^ath, hut the Federal
ijuaiaritinc nffirials tuck ro changes . of its
having bei-n rcnPthlne etot, and everybody on
heard was riven a tareiul examination. Jef
fries was "0 ycors o!J and a native 1 of Oak-
rasspngrr Dies During; Voyage.
liuled Statrs drcolt Court Adjourned.
Judge Harford yesterday adjourned
th<=> T,"ni<ed Ht«itf»s Circuit Court until
n* j xi. Monday.
*. Wednesday. December 23.
c u b stmr Bsnnlngton, Thomas, 3 days from
_Stmr Signal. Bendegard. 50 hours from Coos
.Bay. " f
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. 11 hours from Bow-ens
Landing.
' Stmr Whltesboro. Olsen. 16 hours from
oreenwood.
. Stmr Cjueen. Cousins. 59 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound Torts. -
¦ Stmr Porno, Wlnkel. 14 hours from Albion
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Y^'ftr Prentis *. Ahlstrum, 25 hours fm Eureka.
Los>Medanos direct. »
j fjmr Kureka. .lessen. 24 hours from Eureka.
¦- Flmr Arctic, Xeljon. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell, 21 days 22 hours
rrom Tanama. via MaratUn 5 days 19 hours.
_ Strnr Greenwood, ¦ Johnson. 27 hours from
•Nor Etmr Tellus, Arntzen, 04 hours from
Shipping Intelligence.
. . - ..arrived.;. {_...-;
R. K. Stubbs, a train grateman of
Oakland, filed a petition in Insolvency
yslerd.iy in the United States District
Court. He owes $643 and has $32
asset*.
Insolvent Railroad Man.
James L.* Flood, the multi-millionaire,
lias a warm ppot in his heart for those
vrho are not as fortunate as he from a
financial standpoint, and he makes a
specialty each Christmas of giving
larjrc sums of money to the needy.
This year, besides his numerous dona
tions to impecunious although deserv
ing: individuals, he has distributed S6500
to charitable institutions, as follows:
Protestant Orphan Asylum, $1000: Ro
man Catholic Orphan Asylum, $1000;
Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum. $1000;
San Rafael Orphan Asylum for Boys,
$1000; Magdalen Asylum. $500; Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society, $250: St. Joseph"s
Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind. $250; Armitape Orphanage, $250;
Hospital for Children and Training
S< hool for Nurses. $500; St. Francis
Technical School, $250: Home for the
Aeed of tbe Little Sisters of the Poor,
?2rA and Sisters of the Holy Family,
s:oo. .
Cliarilafcle Institutions of City
and Vicinity.
James L. I'lood Gives $6500 to the
CAPITALIST REMEMBICRS
SAN FRANCISCO'S NEEDY
The navigating officer of the IT. S. S. Bos
tan makes the following report of an un
charted danger In th<? approach to San Miguel
Bay. GulT of Panama: •-'Approaching San
Mig-ueJ Bay. Gulf of Panama, from the south
ward the following danger, not, noted on the
chart. H. O. No. 1010, exists: A rock about
three feet above high water lies N 48 degrees
W Urui»> from Cape E9carpado point distant
about IU miles. A reef extends out from Cape
E«carpado point to the rock and beyond. It
about '« mil* -to the northwestward. \'e«« e i s
from tV>e southward should giv« Cape Escar
pado point a berth of not less than 2»,$ miles •¦'
J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in' charge.
Notice to JIariners.
The French schooner Papjete was cleared
yesterday tor Papeete Tahiti, with the follow
ing cargo, valued at $2233: 25 bbls flour,. 1200
Jbs bread, _^,2ft1 feet lumber. ISO bdls shookt,'
25 bdls laths. 2!> tons coal, 3740 gals dtstillate,
»;C0 gals gasolin**. 2 bales bags, 3 pices hard
ware and 1 cs drusrs.
Merchandise for Tahiti.
Thp schocner Omega sailed yesterday for
Santa Rosalia. MexJco, with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $37,017, and includ
ing th» follow ins: 2000 bbls flour. 3370 bales
hay. l«i ctis oat», ISO.WO lbs sugar, 17 ctls
barley. 30,000 lb? coffee, S060 lbs cocoa, 3*0
lbs bread. .in.CCO lbs lard, 1100 bxs paste. 26S5
lbs rite. ."220 gals .20 cs wine, 12 pkgs gro
ceries and DTPVUionn, 1S74 lbs l.eRnH. UO0 IbB
l>eas ami lentils. 1AO cs salmon 152 cs canned
goods. 4O0 lbs dried fruit. :$6."i lbs coffee 25 904
teet lumber, S i>kgs druge. 12 pkgs dry goods,
11 tale* duck. 1410 lbs starch, 16rt cs lubricating
oil. 10CQ lbs tallow. .5 cs tar, 1000 lbs cement,
42 kets SDlke?. 'J reels steel rope, 02 colls 23
pkgs cordage. 31 lulls brooms.
The Fteamer L'matilla. which sailed on Tues
day for Victoria, carried an assorted cargo
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports valued at
*lfV.Ufl. and including the following:
4O.i2. r . lbs dtiod fiult, 5JM0 lbs raisins. 6.V5O
lbs malt, lbs bpans, 10.S pkgs fresh fruits.
44 pkg« fresh vegetables, 10W lbs chocolate. ISO
Ih* bread, 'S.'£ lbs coffee. 150 lbs dried fish, 0
pk£R crocriles and provisions. 10 cs canned
goods. S2.S lbs nuts. ."{45 gals 14 cs wine, 302
Ihs leaf tobacco. Z«) liales oil clothing;, 6 cs
arms and ammunition. 32 pkgs drugs and sun
dries. JO ?k« whiting, 230 bars Iron. 330,500 lbs
pig lead. :; cs paints, 1 cs hats, 2701' lbs sheet
lead. :; h\s marble. 1 bbl oil, 10 pk*s ma
chinery. S bd!s wire. 2 bars steel, 5 rollJ
leather, 3 cyls ammonia. 4 bbln tar.
\ Cargo for Mexico.
Exports for the North.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j J5"rom. 1 Due.
Coos Bay I San Pfdro & Way PortsJDec. 24
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. IDec. 24
W^rta Rosa... I P»n DIfko & Way Ports.lDee. 24
Phoenix. ..'... I Mendocino jDee. ,2."i
tj*i Norte...-. Crescent City |Dec. 2r>
Spokane ; Humboldt |Uec ".'5
S.Monica Grays Harbcr IDec. 25
Edith i Tacoma |Dec. 26
Orestor.lan New York '. . . Dec. 2tt
P. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Dec. 26
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 2«
W. H. Kruerer Seattle & Tacoma I Dec. 26
Chico rvinullle River IDec. 2«
Siberia China and Japan |Dec. 27
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma IDec. 27
Alliance Portland & Way PortsiDec 27
Arcata r 0 os Bay & Pt. 'OrfordJDec. 27
Chehalls I Orayn Hurbcr IDec 27
Eureka Humbo'.dt |Dec. 2S
Titanla. Nanalmo IDec. 2«
Pomona Humboldt ..[Dec 2S
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports I Dec. 28
Bonita....... Newport & Way Ports. IDec. 28
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Dec 28
Curacao Mrxlcan Ports ...|Dec 2!<
Mariposa Tahiti |n. c •*>
North Fork... Humboldt :. ..'iDec 2t»
J! er ";-'-- ¦¦ N «" w Yoi^c via Panama. I Dec. 30
?. ™- Elder.. Portland fk Astoria IDec 31
Lrnatllla Pufret Sound Ports iJan. 'i
J. Dollar Seattle and Tacoma ;jan. 3
# : — _
TO SAIL.
. Steamer. Destination.- I Sails.] Pier, j
December 24. . j | ~~
Newburg... Grays Harbor.. ( 4 pmlPler 10
G.Undauer. Grays Harbor .! 5 pmlPier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt 11:30 pIPler 9
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma:) R pmlPler 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll.amlPler 24
ChlngWo.. H.Konjr via Tacoma! I pmjPier 20
State Cal. . . San DIeso & Way.. !» amIPIer 11
Porno... 1 pt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 2
Centraua... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
_ , December 25. . | - |
Eu* cka Humboldt ...| 0 amjPler 13
December 26. | . |
Rival. ..... Willapa Harvor. . . | 4 pmlPier 20 !
Arctic....... Humboldt |10 nmlPter ->.
pLoZiV Pt - Arena & Mdcno 4 pmlPier 2
Barracouta. x . T. via Panama. 12 . mlPler 40
wn ftT" T ' os Angeles Ports. 4 pm'Pier -2
£• Monica.. l.os Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPler 2
S.Barbara.. 0 , Angelf* Ports. 4 pm|Pier 2
_ December 27. | |
v t «tVtt" Pan Dlefro adWkyil n amIPier 11.
r-;^?Sv'" AFtoria &.Portlandll0amPier 2
n?,«n Ran P«^ro-&- Way. 9 am Pier 11 |
§"""•;••'• Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8 '
Spokane.... i Iumbo i dt .... ; . . ...U:3o p Pi er 9
c . ._ December 23. I |
Phoenix.... Mendoeino Clty....[ 1 pmjPier 13 !
T>.'i«(»r December 29. | . ... |
i?2 n !" ¦••'¦' Seattl* & Whatcoml 4 pmlPler 10
AiHftnVe""' Coojl B - p - O'ord.112 m Pier IS
Columbia"'. Eureka & Coos Bayf Pier 16
coiumDia... a^j.^ & rortlandlll amIPier 24
xr •« «. ¦ December 30. | |
?i,.^f Chlna &¦ Japan...:] 1 pm Pier 40
Cnlco Coqullle River.....! 6 pm Pier 2
December 31. |- |
Bonita.. Xftwport & Way... 9 am I Pier 11
Sequoia ! Grays Harbor .... 12 • m Pier 20
Sierra...... I Sydney & Way.*... 2 pmlPler 7
Centennial..! Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amjPier 2
January 1. I |
North Fork. Humboldt ' | 2 pmlPler 20
January 2. , I |
Acapulco. . . N. y. via Panama. |12 - miPier 40
City Puebla Pug^t Sound Ports.jll am|PI«r 9
FROM SEATTLE. .
Steamer. Fct ~~ Sails, i
Dlrlsro Skaeway & Way Ports. Dec. 2fi
Excelsior Cenka'In'.et & Way Pts.lJan. 1
Cottage City.. Skagv.ay & Way Ports. | Jan. 1
Valencia Cooks Inlet A Way Pt 8. Jan. 1
Farnllon Pkagwft.v & Way Ports.i.Tan. 1 - 1
j Bertha.. i Cocks Inlet & Way Pts.|Jan. 10
Th* vessels on the overdue list were quoted
yesterJay for . reinsurance as follows: Paris.
r>5 per cnt: Willy FUekmers, 15 per cent and
W. J. Pirric, 10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
Th» little steamer Aurelia, which arrived
Tuesday night from Portland, lost part of her
decklrad in a southeaster encountered Decem
ber 13 off thf Columbia Rlv»r bar. B\g seas
boarded the coaster, and. yielding to th» bom
bardment, the lashingrs that held th* deckload
carried away. The vessel was not damaged.
John FoJmand. a seaman on th<» schooner
Pearl, was washed overboard and drown?d on
the voyage from here to Alaska. The Pearl
i« now on h<?r homeward way. Th? news of
the drowning was brought down yesterday by
Captain A. Stensland of the schooner Mary" and
Ida, which arrived here yesterdtv; nineteen
days from rnga. The Mary and Ida left h?re
October 1 with supplies for th* flshin* station
at Sand Point and brought back 75.000 codfish.
Captain Flen^land reports, havlns encountered
very heavy. weather in the northern waters.
Loses Dcckload in Gale.
Pearl IiOses n Seaman.
Major John Bigelow Jr., Ninth Cav
alry, arrived from Ord Barracks yes
terday and will take command of the
four companies of troops stationed at
the post.
Major Kendall of the United States
hospital will return to his duties Janu
ary o, 1904. He is at present visiting his
parents at Pittsfield, Mass.
The Presidio rost baseball team will
Co to San Jose on Sunday to cross bats
Tvith the all-professionals, which- team
they defeated last Sunday.
The last two battalions of the Thir
tieth Infantry departed yesterday un
der eomrrand of Colonel J. J. O'Connell
for Fort Crook. Nebraska. With them
wrnt the headquarters and the band.
Tfco model camp, which has been full
of life since the Thirtieth arrived from
Manila, is now the most desolate place
In the Presidio.
The ofllcei-P of the Fifteenth Infantry
that have been taking part in thu
pports and the baseball games left for
th^ir poFt at Ord Barracks yesterday
afternoon.
New Commander for Ninth Cavalry
Arrives at the Presidio' From
Ord Barracks.
THIRTIETH IXFAXTRY HAS
GONE TO EASTERN" POSTS
land. His hody was buried at s»a. Th* Aca
pulco brought twenty-one passengers and 632
tons of cargo; also treasure valuf-d at SSS.OV
< aptain Russell reports thpt on I>ecemh?r 10.
otf rane St. Lucas, he sighted thp barkentine
\\rr«=tl»r, bound Irom Grays Harbor for Santa
Rosalia.
Th» Acapulco's passengers included the fol
lowing namea:
Francis Kaur. Mrs. Eva M. Whittier. Huy
Clive. John J. Maboney. Mrs. F. Kaurz Miss
V. Petit. Miss Mabel Jarob* Lloyd Rawlings,
A. F. Reid. Earl D. Richard? F. G. Cr?st and
Fr»>d Krebs.
Movements of Steamers.
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
B«y. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE.— The hiRh and low waters occur at
the cltv front < Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fr.rt Point; the height
of tide Is th» iame at both places.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 24.
Fun r!sos , 7:22
Sun sets 4:56
Moon sets ,10:24 .p m.
a |Tlnie ; ;Ti:ne| ,Tlme! ITimel
£ I 1 Fi. | 1 Ft. ¦ 1 Ft. | 1 Ft.
? |H wi ;l w, !h w| il wj
Jt | 3:311 6.01 9:21 1 .TO' 2~ioj 4.1 1 !>:05| OS
25 ! 4:2S| 6.010:25! 2.71 3:49 3.SI o:51| 1.2
Vtf I 5:0:;i f>.2|l1:25 2.31 5:0li :$.6!10:40 lb
27 S:41| 5.212:14] X.flj »::2:{ K.0U:32j 2.0
2S i C:22 ! 6.3' l:flSl 1.3! 7:421 3.71 |
|L Wl ill Wj IL W| |H W
29 ! 0-.2S| 2.31 7:02i 5.5! 1 :10| O.6| S:M 4.0
NOTE. — In th«- above t xpieitinn of the tlJea
the early morninc tides are given In lha lett
hard column ami the 'successive tides of th«
| day in the order of occurrence as lo time; the
fourth time column gives the last tid* of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. Th» heights given are In
addition to th; soundings cf the United States
STEAMSHIP ACAPLXCO DE
TAINED IN QUARANTINE
FOP. SEVERAL HOURS.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, December 2.".
I Stnir G W Elder, Randall. Astoria; O R &
Xav Co.
Stmr Pomona. Swansen, Eureka; Pac Coast
s s o..
I Stmr State of California. Thomas. San Dieso;
Pac Coast S S Co.
i Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; Charles
Kelt on Co.
! (Jer stmr Serbia, Bradhering Hamburs via
: Seattle-: J P Sr>reck<?1« & Bros Co.
£?r bark Anconis. SaKer. Tftcoma; James &
Alexander Brown.
Schr Omesa, Lawjon, Santa Rosalia; Com
; pany de Bolco.
Fr schr Papeete. I.a Chevalier. Tahiti; Wi'
liams Dimond & Co.
; SAILED.
' AWdnesday, December 23.
I Ptmr Brunswick. Ellefsen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, CoralniT. for Ualfmoon Bay.
Rlmr Iaqua." Jorgenson. fcr Grays Harbor.
Stmr Bonita, Gielow. for San Pedro.
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen. Ladysmith.
Schr Omega. Lawaon, Santa Roealia.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodera.
Schr Argus Hardwick. for Blaine.
! Fr schr Papeete. Le Chevalier, Tahiti.
I TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I.OBOS — Dec 23. 10 p m— Weather
clear: wind NE; velocitv 12 miles an hour.
SPOKEN.
; Per ctmr Acapulco — Dec 19. off Cape St
Lucas, bktn Wrestler, from Grays Harbor for
Santa' Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
i REDONDO— Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Lakme. for
San Pedro; stmr Redondo. for San Francisco.
Arrived — Dec 23 — Stmr Despatch, hence Dec
21
REDONDO— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Brooklyn,
from Mendoclno.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 23— Br
ship Bldston Hill, hence Dec 14.
PORT TOWNSEND Dec 23 — Disabled stmr
Meteor, from Alaska for Seattle, passed here
at 4:15 p m in tow of Iur Tyee.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 23— Fr ship Beran-
Kere for Queenstown: Br ship Port Patrick,
for Sydney; stmr Alliance, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Nome City,
for San Francisco; Fr bark Amlral Halgan,
for Queenstown.
Arrived— Dec 21— Stmr Whittier. hence Dec
IS.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Dec 19.
Sailed— Dec 23— Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Lakme,
from Redondo.
Sailed Dee 23 — Stmr Lakme and Fchr Al
caide for San Francisco; schr Sadie, for
Umpqua- schr Spokane, for Port I^udlow.
SE:iAC— To sail Dec 0— Schr Pearl, for San
Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
feOVTIf- BEND — Arrived Dec* 23 — Schr Nov
elty I tree Dec 13.
BANTON — Arrived Doc 23— Schr Advance,
h'nce'D^c 6: schr Alpha, hence Dec 11.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Se
quoia' her.ee Dec 10: schr Lizzie Vance, hence
Dec 11; brifr Lurline. from Altata.
S<i'W. Dec 23 — Stmr Coronado. for San Fran-
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr South
Co»st. hence Dec 22.
Sail-d E.c 23— Stmr National City, for San
F/nnclRco. ¦
MK.Nl'OCINO— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Phoe
nix, hrncp Dec 22.
Sailed r«c 23— Stmr Point Arena, for San
Frenclscoi -T j •
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 23— Stmrs Geo Loo
mln and Santa Barbara, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 23— Schr Ida Mc-
Kay hence Dec 16.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 23— Bktn Re
triever, for San Pedro.
i ' TATOOSH— Passed out Dec 23— Schr King
Cyrus, from Tacoma. for San Pedro.
1 ISLAND PORTS.-
HILO— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Enterprise,
hence Dec 0. „„ „ ¦ „„
MAKAWKLT— Arrived Dec 22— Bark V, B
Flint, from Honolulu. ¦
HONOLULU— Arrive Dec 23— Ship Jos B
Thomas, from Newcastle. Aus.
EASTERN PORTS. ! ' ¦ .
NEW TORK — Arrived Deo 22 — Br stmr Sat
euma from Yokohama; stmr Seguranca. from
Colon: Br stmr Shimosa, from Yokohama.
galled pec 22 — Stmr City of Washtngton,
for Colon. FOn£IGN pORTS
ALGIERS — Arrived Dec 22— Br stmr Mogul,
from New York for Manila.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco: utmr City of Para, for Panama.
IQUIQUE — Sailed Dec 23 — Schr Kona, for
HONGKONG — Arrived Dec 22— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 22— Schr William
Bowden from Grays Harbor. &~'f-i
OCEAN STEAMERS. ;,.*:,
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 23 — Stmr GeorRlc.
from Liverpool; stmr Kronprinz Wilhelm, from
Sailed' Dec 23 — Stmr Amsterdam, for Rotter
dam: stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool; stmr Helio
goland. for Christensen.
LIVERPOOL. — Arrived Dec -'3— Stmr Fnes
land, from Philadelphia; *tmr Oceanic, from
*/ ANTWERP — Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Vader
land. from New York. '¦" - .
¦GLASGOW — Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Siberian,
from N<?w York. . - ,
• GENOA — Arrived; Dec 23 — Stmr Palatia. fm
New York via Naples. ,- ¦- - '
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Haver
ford for Philadelphia; stmr Majestic, for New
York. , . .'
Ladysmltit.
Schr Mary and Ida Stensland 19 days from
Sand roint.
Schr Ida A. Beck. 5 hours from Pt Reyes.
Schr Queen, Taulseii, 10 days from Fort
Gamble.
Schr North Bend. Jackson, 13 days from
Astoria.
Lucas Beck, a laborer, employed by
Miller & Lux at Dos Palos, died at the
German Hospital last Monday from
injuries received by falling off a wagon
on December 13 at Dos Palos.
Killed by a Fall.
It took all hands five days to clear the
wreckage, and during the operation the
rolling of the ship kept ih-j swaying
wreckage in constant motion. Axes
and cold chisels 'were plied with grim
industry. Sleep was at a premium and
when the work was done the Olive
bank's sailors were tired and dirty and
every man from skipper down bore on
hands and arms cruel scars and bruises
inflicted during the tussle by. the jagged
edges of buckled spar and frayed steel
stay.
Fair weather fortunately fa\ored the
dismasted bark and under jury rig she
made the last 1200 miles of her voyage
in good time. 1
Captain Henderson declined the ser
vices of a towboat on Tuesday, but
yesterday changed his mind, accepted
the services of a tug and is now safely
anchored off the quarantine station,
where she will remain until I>r. Cum
minjrs. with the aid of scientifically
prepared fumes, succeeds in suffocating
such disease germs as might have
stowed away in the ballast at Shang
hai.
Such repairs as could be made were
effected as well as heavy weather
would permit. Under ordinary circum
stances the bark might have made
Royal Roads with her spars intact, but
November 27, when about 1200 miles
west-northwest of San Francisco, or,
to be exact, in latitude 42.31 north and
longitude 148.17 west, a heavy north
easter was encountered.
The gale found easy prey in the
Olivebank, with her slackened shrouds
and generally strained rigging. The
main topmast came down with a crash
at 1 a. m., bringing with it the main
topgallant mast and all tho rigging.
The m-^sts and most of th » gear fell
overboard, but the main yard fell to
the deck, cutting a jagged hole in the
port bulwarks. The fore and mizzen
tops followed in rapid succession, and
within a few exciting moments the
Olivebank was lying helpless in a high
cross sea, dismasted, her decks piled
with junk stripped from aloft and the
wrecked steel spars still suspended by
the dismantled rigging, beating with
fearful force against the vessels sides.
All hands were on deck at the time
and that nobody was killed or even
hurt when that avalanche of spars,
blocks and steel stays crashed from
aloft is strange.
The Ollvebank left Shanghai October
IS, in ballast, for Royal Roads for or
ders. Everything went well until the
bark reached latitude 35.02 north, lon
gitude 154.24 east, which she did No
vember 9. A typhoon from the south
east struck the vessel on this day and
until late November 10 the Olivebank
had a wild time. While the typhoon
lasted the ship rolled heavily. From
port to starboard she wallowed. Down
on one side until the railtoo almost
leveled with the sea's surface, and then
back with a jerk and over on the other
side. As she rolled steel yards swung
and tugged at their fastenings, masts
swayed and the rigging groaned and
creaked at the unwonted strain. The
topmast rigging started and when the
typhoon had passed the OHvcbank was
in need of considerable overhauling
aloft. \_
bank, which was sighted on Tuesday
off the Farallones, was towed into port
yesterday by the ' tug Sea King and
later taken by the Dauntless to the
quarantine station, where her ballast,
taken at Shanghai, will be fumigated.
The vessel will be releassd to-day,
when representatives of th-e under
writers will inspect the battered hull
and count the cost of the Olivebank's
encounter with the elements.
The dismasted British bark Olive-
General W. T. Clark of the United
States Internal Revenue Department
at Washington, D. C, arrived in this
city yesterday morning and entered
upon on official inspection of the rev
enue office in this city. At all former
inspections during the incumbency of
John C. Llynch the office has been
rated Al.
Revenue Office Being Inspected.
The medal awarded by the Chinese
Students' Alliance to the Chinese
scholar in the public schools, gram
mar and high of this city, for the best
address on the subject, "The Relation
of the Student to China." was given to
Miss Caroline Lee of the Chinese
Methodist Home. The presentation
took place in the rooms of the Chinese
Six Companies yesterday. The Chinese
Consul made the presentation speech.
Miss Lee was a student at the Lowell
High School.
Chinese Girl Gets Medal.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 23.— The State
concluded its side of the Gravelle case
to-day and the defense will begin the
introduction of testimony Saturday, the
trial being continued* till that time.
Another witness testified to-day that
Gravelle told him of his dynamiting
operations and this witness brought
other threatening letters out of jail
written by Gravelle since his arrest.
This witness was John Reardou, a man
who was confined in the County Jail,
where he gained the confidence of Gra
velle. Two of these letter^ were to
the railroad people, one to th>; Northern
Pacific and the other to the Great
Northern, while one of the other letters
threatened the jury. Another was to
an acquaintance directing him what
to swear to and to deliver the jury
letter to its foreman.
Chief Special Agent McFYtridge of
the Northern Pacific, who has had
charge of the case and who has gath
ered all of the evidence, wwsj the last
witness. He identified many of the
exhibits used by the State and told
where they had been obtained. He said
that since the arrest of Gravclle there
had been no track disturbancs on the
Northern Pacific. *
The men declare they will not retur
to work until this is granted. The pa;
checks for last month were receive
to-night and are to be distributed i
the morning.
The strikers held a meeting this aft
ernoon and sent a committee to con
fer with Superintendent Burkhalter,
demanding that the company establish
an earlier and regular pay day Instead
of the irregular dates at which, men
say, they have been paid for year a
past. The superintendent expressed a
willingness to take the matter up with
the higher officials and see what could
be done.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 23.— The boil
ermakers, machinists and blacksmiths,
to the number of about 200, walked out
of the Southern Pacific Railroad shops
at Kern City, at 11 o'clock to-day, pur
suant to a threat made yesterday tc
Master Mechanic French that if the
pay checks did not arrive by that hour
they would quit work.
The switchmen employed in the rail
road yards at Kern joined the striking
shop employes in the afternoon and
the . work was badly tied up by theii
action.
Statements Made to Confidant
While in Jail Are Exploited
in Court by Prosecution
Declare That They Will >"oi
Return to Work Until Regu
lar Salary, Day Is Establishet
STATE CLOSES ITS CASE
MEN ABE DISSATISFIE
. John P. Irish, president of the board
of directors «f the Industrial Home of
Mechanical Trades for the Adult Blind
at Berkeley, has {submitted to Gover
nor Pardcc a report of that . institu
tion's progress during the year ending
November "0, and some of the infur
hxation furnished is encouraging to all
tvho arc interested in the State's ef
fort to make sightless men and wome"
self -support ing.
Broom making was the principal in
dustry engaged in by the inmates, and
during the year the sale of brooms,
whisks, mattresses, pillows and chair
j-eating brought a cash return of $1S.
313 '.:'. a monthly average of $1528 65.
i^upf rint< ndont Joseph Zanders is large
ly responsible for this excellent show
ing. As the shops were closed during
the administration that preceded the
return of Mr. Sanders to the supcrin
tc&deiH v. in June. lS'.'J. of course the
ir^dc had all been lost and had to be
Bought and recovered again from the
< hannels to which it had been diverted.
Not only was the home under the dis
advantage of lust trade, but Mr. San
ders found its finances burdened by a
deficit of SSS77 40. The institution did
not emerge from these disadvantages
and acquire means t<» open the shops
until November 1. KKKt. A statement of
the monthly returns from that date
shoves that the work of blind men and
women has produced in rash the sum
of $41,700 i?> in thirty-seven months, or
an averase of $1127 per month.
"The blind have again become earn
ers," saya the icp<>rt. '"Their wages
are economized in making provision for
their future, and the sting of depend
once is taken out of their lives. This
result is gratifying to the humanity of
the commonwealth, and should maka
( rery Califorr.ian prouder of his State,
which takes the stone of stumbling
from the path of the helpless and un
fortunate blind."
During the year the institution has
been constantly filled with inmates up
to its present capacity, and if all the
qualified were now in its shelter the
number of inmates would be doubled.
It is the opinion of the directors that
the n<-xt Legislature should appropriate
the funds needed to make the home
available to all of its intended bene
ficiaries in the State and also reduce
the risk of life and property caused by
the old and infirm building by replac
ing it v.ith a modern and comfortable
structure.
At the close of the year the home
had 121 inmates. The total expenditure
was $40,329 61.
Governor Receives Encourag
ing Report From Home of Me
tthahical Trades at Iierkclev
A LESSON IX SELF-HELP
By Their Handicraft the Sum
of $13,34,3 99 Is Earned
Daring the Past Year
Southern Pacific Hands Carr?
Out Threats to Strike Un
i less Given Their Pay Check:
One 3Iorc Witness Testifies That
Defendant Talked of His
Dynamiting: on .Railroads
Weakened by Battle With Cyclone, Her Spars % and
Rigging Yield Before Heavy Gale and Crash in
a MassVof Tangled Junk to the : Vessel's Deck
LEAVE SHOPS
AT KERN CITY
BLIND ADULTS
DO GOOD WORK
LOOKS GLOOM
FOR GRAVELLE
DISMASTED BRITISH BARK OUVEBANK
IS TOWED SAFELY INTO THE HARBOR
THE' SAN FRANCISCO' CALL; v THURSDAY. DECEMBER 24. 11)03.
12
SEE THE PICTURES
•QUEER XEW YEA K OF
GLOBE TROTTERS"
NEW YEAR EDITION
XEXT SUNDAY CALL
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at !):MO a. m., througrh la 3 day»,
with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa r« Trains:
T:KO «_ m. 1 for Stockton. Freino, Bak«r*flsld.
»:30 «. m. j- nereed. Hanford and Vtsalla.
S:'M» p. m. J
: 4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
I 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
! TICKET OFFICE — 641 Market St.. and
Terry -Depot, s. 7. Also 1112 Broad*
way. Oakland. Cal.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
ILiEJSSEJEi
SAN FrANGIauO aNj NuRTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAinr.
Tiburon Ferry, root or Market Street.
SAN rEANCISCO TO SAN BAPAEL.
WEEK UAYS — 7.30. 0:00. 11:00 a. ra.; 12:3y.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
SaturJays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. H:0O a. m.; 1:30.
, 3-.-30. 5:00. 6:£0, 11:30 p. m.
SAK EAPAEL TO SAN TBANCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. U:13
e. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:40. 11:15 a- m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:05. C:25 p. ra.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 2". 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:<M>al 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:::0p 8:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 1 8:10 a 8:40 a
S:00a Novsto. 10:4Oa 10:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetalum» 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3-30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:0Oa Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30p 3:30 p GeyserviHe. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 rl 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a | Willlts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
8 :00a I ? 110:40 a|10:2O a
3:30p[3:30p| Guerntvllle. | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. M):10a( S:40a
5:10 pi 5:00 pi Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p[ 6:20 p
~7:30a| S:COa| . 110:40 ail0:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| Sebastopol. i7:35p|6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Bra« for San
Quentin; at Santa Rcsa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark We«
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y-
serville fur Skaegs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Spring*, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
poit and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Spring*. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Deli Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lieny's.
Buekneir*. Sanh-drin Heights. . Hull vllle. Git's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags.
Westport, Usal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
Westporr. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville Cummmgs. Bell"s Springs. Harris, oi-
een'e. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at ra-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chonlcl*
bU H d 'a" WHITING. ' R. X.KTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HI TOSANRAFAEL,
j§£| ROSS VALLEY,
Iff! MILL VALLEY,
asl CAZADERO, Etc.
jggilll via Sansallto Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Daily— 7:00. 8:00.
V.W.- 10:00. n:00 a. m 12:20 ; 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
5-15 «:15. 7:00. S:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m. ¦
'FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 6:25. «:*5. 1 -* 0 ' Z-™' 0:5». 11:05 «
m.T 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 6:45. <$:«'
8-45. 10:2O P- m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN.
CISCO— Daily— 5:43. 6:55. 7:52, 8:55. 0:55
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:03, 6:05
7:05. 9:C0. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Totnalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tkns. . .
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes' and
way stations. '
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st. > ; ,
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market et "
BAH.WAT TBAVEI1
I The Only Double-Track Railway Between
I the Missouri River and Chicago. \
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath. Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three d3ys San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific, |
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North-western Rvs.
Leaves San Francisco daily at is.wi.ta. Two
other trains daily at 8.oo a. m. and 6.oo p. m.
.For tickets! sleepin? car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or ¦
R. R. RITCHIE.
torn! Ajen: Chicago 4 North Western Railway.
617 iMsrket Street.
SAX FRAS CISCO, CAL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave aixl are due to arri »• »»
»A> FUANC1SCO. -r\
(ilalD LJne, Foot of M»rfcet Street )
tuti — F«o» SoTimtilK. IXX. — a««it»
7.C0a VscaTllle. Winters. Bums«y 7 B5#
7 0J .» Benic!*, Salaua. Elmirs »n 1 3»rrv
mento 7-2Sr
7J0* TsIIpJo. N«pm. C»llste«ii. SaaU
Kota, Martinez. S»n Ramoa 825f
7J0a Ntle^ Llrermore. Tracy. Lat!iroj».
Stoekroa 7.25*
1.00* Shiuta Eiprcia— (Via UavtO.
wmram* (for Bartlett Springs*.
Willows. tFruto. Ked Clufl,
Portland. T*eoina, Seattle 7-53P
|.00a DaTU.WooUian<J. Kn!ghU L*ndlns.
M«ry»Tllle. OroTllle 7^5»
8 50* Fort Costa. Martinez. Antloch.
Byron. Tracy. Stocttoa. Sew-
man. Los Baaos. Mendota,
Armons, Hanford. Vital la, .
Porterrlli* 433* '
8^0* Port Cotta. Martinez, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modetto, >!erceil. Fresno,
Ooshea Junction. U an ford,
Vlialla. Bakersfleld *-53»
8 JO* Kllei, 8aa Jo»e, Llverraore. 8coctt-
ton, (tMtlton), lone. S*cramento«
PlaeervtUo. MarysvUle, Caica,
Red Blaff 4.23»
I. SO* Oakdale. Chlaete, Jameatown. 9o-
ncra. Toolnmne and Angeli 425*
• 00* Atlantic Exprew— O«;den»ndE*«. 11. 23 a
850* Elchmond, Martiner aad W«y
Stations 8 oaf
10 00a Tb« Overland Limited — Ojiea,
Denver. Omana, Ch!caj> 8.25F
1000a Vallejo 12^Sr
10 00* Loa Anse'.es Passenger — Port
Coats, Martlnes. Byron. Tracy,
LMhrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno, Goiaen Junc-
tion, Hantord, Letnoore. Vlsalia,
Bsfcertueld. Los Angeles 7-23*
IfXOv Bayward. Nlles and Way Station*. 3.2Sf
tiXOr Bacrsmeato Klrer Steamers. til 03»
l&Qr Benlcia, Wlatert. 8acrament«.
TToodland, Knlgats Landing.
MarysvUle, OrovUl* and »i; i.__
stations '2Pf*
rSttr Hay ward. Ntles and Way Stations.. 76S»
30r Port Coita, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Model to,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-2S*
I-SOt Martinez. Tracy. Stoeiton. Lodl... 10.25a
4X0p Mart!ne*.SnB Ramon. VsileJo,N*p«,
C alii toga. Santa Rota 923a
' 4 00p Nile*. TracT. Stocktoa. Lodt 4.25r
4 50r Hay ward. Nile*. Irvlngton. Saa» ?8.55*
Jose. Ltvennore ) HI. 55a
BXOr Th« Owl Limited— Sew«a»n. Lo»
Banos. Mendoia, Fresno. Tnlare,
BakeriSeld. Los Angeles 8.55a
6430t Port Costa, Tracy, Stocktoa 12 25p
tS 30p Haywartl. Nlles and San Jose * 7 25a
6. 00p Hayward. Nlies and San Josa 9.S&*.
S-CQr Eattera Express — O^den. Denver.
Omaaa. St. Louis. Cblcazo and
Kast. Port Costa, Bcnicla, Sul-
• ua. Elralrv Davis, Sacramento,
Kocklln. Auburn. Colfaz.
Tmckee, Boca, Keno. Wads-
worth, Wtnnemueca 5 S5»
i.tOp Vallejo. dally, except Suadsy.... I T ec«
7.00P Vallejo, Sunday only f • oar
7.C0p Richmond. San Pablo. Port Cos!**
Martinez an. I Way Stations 1123a
8.SBp Oregon * California Express — Sac-
ramento, Marysvlile. Redding;.
Portland. Poget Sound and Bast. 8.53a
t.18r H»y ward. Nlles sod San Jose (Saa-
dayonly) 1166a,
COAST LI N E (Sarrow «a B? «j. *
(Foot of Market Street.) f
•¦16a Newark. Centervtlle. San Jose,
Feltoa. Boniaer Creek. Santa
Crax and Way Stations S-5S*
t*-15r Newark. Centervllle. Sas Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gatos,Felton,
Bonlder Creek, Santa C;ux and
Principal Way Stations t10-53a
4.16p Newark. San Jose, Los Qatos and t »8 5Sa
way atatiooR I M0 55a.
C933r Hunters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
1ok from Los Gato* Sunday only. t7 28*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN >KANC1SCO, Foot of Market St. (Sltpn
-tT:'.5 »:U0 :1:00 a.m. 100 3 00 6-ISrjK.
from OAliLANP. Foot of Broadway — +«:0O *J:0»
18:C5 Hl:00A.M. 12 00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE <Uroad «»n*e).
tW ( Third «n<l l'ownsend Streets.)
6-10* Saa Jose aqd Way Stations. 6.30r
7 00* San Jose and Way Stations. 6.397
• 00* New Almadea (Tues.. Frl.l.. only). 4.1G*>
% CO* Coast Line Limlled— Stops only Saa
Jose. Gilroy (connection for Hoi-
Hater). Pajaro. Castrovllle. Sa»
Hnaa. San Ardo. Paso Kobles,
SantaMartTarlta,San Luis ObUpaw
Principal statiuns tbence Surf
(connection for Lotnpoc) princi-
pal stations thence Santa, Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Castrovtll* to and frota
Mfnterey and Pacific Grove 10.489
8J.M* San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capttola,
Bant aCruz. Pacific Grove. Sallnaa.
* 8an Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11-20a Santa Clara. San Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30
UOr 6an Jose and Way Stations S-3&* I
• X0r Pacific Grove Kxpreas — S»ntaClars> V
ban Josr. Del Monte, Mooterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clsra for Santa Cruz. BouMer
Crerk and Narrow Gauge Points)
st Gilroy for Holllster, Tres ,
Pino*, at Castrnvliie for Salinas. 12.15* "
SZOr Tres Plnos Way Passenger {10. 45a
14 4 ftP ban Joae. (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way S;v
,_ _. . tions (except Sunday) t9 12*
{5J0p SanJoseandPrlncipa'.WayStatlonf t8.0fl*
S.10p Bnnset Limited.— lUd word. Ssn
Jose.Gilroy,Sailnas.Paso Kobl's,
San Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demln?. h: Pa«a.
New Orleans. New Tork. Con-
Beets at Pajaro for Santa Crua
and at C«etrov1ll«» for PaciSo
Grore ana Way Stations 7-ISa
Ti-i6P SaDMateo.Beresford.Uelmoni.San
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Memo Park. Palo Alto t8.49*
P.70P Sin Jose and Way Stations 6 33*
11 .30* South Ssn Francisco, Millbrse. Bar-
Ilngsme. San Mateo, Brlmon:,
ban Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Memo Park, and V»\o A'.lo 9 41*
•11-30P ilaytleld % Mountain View. Suany-
?sle. Lawrence. Ssnta Clara and
San Jo«e ta.43y
A for Morning. P for Afternooa
! Sunday only.
¦ Etop» at all it^tlcnss on Susday.
1 Snnday excepted. « Saturday e«ry.
OT" Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soathN>n*4
ire»:10A.JC..;:CO*.M.. 11:30 A.M., S:30POI. and «:S0r.»>
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave fu Sjinlito ferry Arrive T
SanPrandsco fast of Ihrtw !& San Frail dace
Week Sun- ;¥ii.H Sun- Week
Day». dav-s /juS^j^v days Dav%.
•1I.M1 # 8:OOa f£&&y3?$l 12:O&p 10:401
•I:45p »:OOa USkTOroal? I:3*p3:5i>p
5:X5f 10:OO A 8:50p r.t.-vo.
H:O0a T^S^u/ 4:5Op9:50»i
_..__. 1:45p »:3Op _«
*BsM»et wia »t»yt tit V.-ptm. aed TilJa-» Cmb»
TICIIT j 625 Makkkt St..( N'orth Sbx>re fUslroadJ
OmCB ) »nd Sausaltto Kkx«v. Foot Market St.
Weekly Gall, $1 per YearStandard Electric • ¦ -i
Tesla Coal Company 23 CO 30 CO
Truckee Electric ••••
L'nion Sugar ••••
United Gas & Electric ••••
SALES.
Morsisg Session.
Board—
liV> Home » «"»,,
2t.i) Home i *- ">
500 Associated • **
Afternocc Session.
Board — . am
:c«> Sanitary Redaction Works I *-'
ZGQ Caribou If. 1
23<> Junction lj
Aiming Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE-
Followlng iwere the sales on tna San Fraa
cisco Stock and Exchang* Board yest-rday:
Morning Session.
4i:0 Alpha Wj lfiO Occidental ... 34
4<.O Andes 1>*; 2C0 Sierra Nev .. «
2lK> Belcher 2«J 2Ci) Union Ocn . . 4«
mo Caledonia ... «3 3»»> Utah «
20« Ctn C A Va. a* ICO Tellow Jacket 2O
IOO Gould * Cur. 2S
Afternoon Seasicn.
SGO Belcher 20 W* Crown Point. 1*
ifO CaledosU ... e3i SCO Sa--age '»
ecu Cun C A Va.l C»: 2iM> Union Con .. IT
000 Con N X .... lit
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer* th<" sales on the Pac!3o
S:qck Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
BOO Andes * . Wl 1"> Ophir 2 «
1C0 Cale.locia . . . *2j 3T0 Potcai 1*
20O Con C & Va. 9N! .td) Savage ; ...
:a^> C.n C & Va.l «>] 2CP ?i?rra Nev .. 43
5<TO Exchequer . . . I*. 2CO Sl!v-r Hill . . «t
WO Exchequer ... l'l •"*»« Silver Hill .. «S
SCO GouM & Cur. 2S> 2M Yellow Jacket 2O
Afternoon Session.
«60 Helcher *>! 1W Mexican 1 C5
4«W Chollar lTj lfiO Orhtr 2 C5
.Ti> Chollar » •*«<> Savage *l
3C0 Chollar 2»>i 20») Savage 42
:ts.u CroWn Point. 15 2T-O Sierra Nev .. 4.
2«*i> OouM i^Cur. -1«> SCO Yellow Jacket 20
2CO Justice «»'
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Followm* were th* sa!« on the San Fran
eisco and Tcnopaa MinlBB Exchange yeaterday:
Morclns Session.
5<W T.m Celtnrnt. 73? ICO Ten N Star.. -IO
ICO Ton IVlmont. 77 3Cu Toa X Star.. 39
CCOTon N Star.. 37! .
Afternoon session.
1 -COO F-jperanza ... *>i\ 2">O Ton Midway.. SO
*CO Mac S»tnar» . 11 ."«)»¦ Ton N Star.. 3»
SCO Mort Ten .1 22"-.; a00 Ten N Star.. 57
130 Mont Toa ...1 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDSESDAT. Dec- 23 — 4 p. m.
Bid. AdSc 1 DM Ask.
Ainna "2 •-'-* Jus«*c#' tn en
A »a 1" «K Kentuck <Xl O*
\ n( i M ....... IS 19 Kev<^ Graes. — 1 ">
j ivu-nrr V* 22 Lady "Va«h .. — ••3
T^st & I>!i'h.1 M> 2 CO Mexican . 1 03 1 *i>
n'tlUon «3 ».7"Orcidrntal ... -TT ~»
Caledonia ... « Kt Orhir 2 C5 2 t»
I Cha»#ni5» Con IS 2© Ov<rman 2»> 21
I Owitlar -. 2« 21 Poto*l tr» 2»
Cmfi^ence • • • •"•* "3 ! Savage 43 43
Con C" * V.t.1 0o t CSScorplcn 01 82
Ccn lmp«-riaJ. KT O3.'*f* Pitcher., w; 67
C,%n NT to 12 Sierra Nev .. 17 4.H
Crown roint. 13 t.-.-girrrr Hill... «1 r*
fTureka Con.. — 3ft SI Lout* «•> U
Exche<iner . . - 17 t* Syndicate ... 04 C*
t^unld * Cur. .*.»> 11! t'rion Cos ..47 4*
Hat^ i Norc ?»'• rxt Utah W* 1O
Ju'ij .-- <SI r.*« Yellow -Tjc.%«t 2O 21
TONOP.M1 MINES.
Diii-A-^lt i Bid. Ask.
Cir^v Q ;<—'• . — :an T«r» Frartion.' !•> 21*
MacNamara . H» ISJTon of Nev..tt25TJ
M.Vnt ''"on -.1 2<» — tTon N Star.. TXi
Kescue. n7 CT-T.m Midi--ar. . — «>
Ton Belaiont.. 74 77iTon .t S Lake — M
Ton & Cal... — 2ll United Ton— OB 13
TratHns? irv Vegetables was active and Peas
and Reans fron» Los Angeles cleaned up read
ily at advanced prices. Tomatoes were
abundant and prices of the Los Angeles ar
ticle ranged lower. Summer Squash and Epe
Plant from the south were in limited supply
and met with prompt sale .at higher rates.
Orcen Peppers *ere tn excersive supply and
continued, very dull.
POTATOES — Durbanks frcm the river, 60®
SOc ppr ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 230 1 40 per
ctl- OreKon Burbanks. S.VSI1 10 per ctl: River
Reds CCCt~"e per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 90c©$l per
ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 50 per eU. ¦ .
. ONIONS — Jlfil 3 per ctl. ;¦
VECETAoLES — tireon. Peas. Gt&Sc per Ib:
Str'ns Beans S4T.12U.C per Ih: Wax. $4*l2*ic;
Tomatoes, 5Ccffl$l per box'for bay and $1{SI 23
per box or crate for Los Ar.t?eles; Summer
Squash from Los Annrles. $V 25^1 50 per box;
cibbtisc 5Cc por ctl: Carrots 30c per sack;
Hothouse- Cucumbers $2 50 per dozen: Gariif.
f"Si7c |»*r lh:.Ej!s Plant. 10® 13c per Ibr Dried
Peppers. 5<fjSc per lb for Stockton and HSrt2Hc
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 30
per cent s'hrinlcage ror Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. SS'Jc, Cows and HeUera,
TOSo; thin Cows, 4g5c per Ib.
CALVES — *S'!;C per lb (gross weight).
SHEKP— Wethers. 3Ti©4c; Ewes. 3i;@3*4c
per lb (sro^B welctM.
taMBS — mO5u per Ib.
"HOGS — Live Host.-". 140 to 1?O lbs. 5*4c: over
ISO lb». 3c; so*s. 20 per cent off: Boars, 50 per
cent orf. and Stas?> 40 per cent oft from above
quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaushterers to dealers
are as follows:
! BEEF-^S"i!S7'*c for Steers and 5'gCc per lb
f0 VEAL^-Larse. S©!)c; «mall. !>©I0c per lb. '
MUTTON— Wethers; •'.i'SiS'-ic; Ewes.' TgSc
Der lb.
•LAMB— 0«4® 10c per tb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7©SUc per Ib.
.. LIVESTOCK MARKET^ f~r*'A'.\-
T1ier« Is nothing new to report In this
market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Weather Report.
i.l2Oth Meridiin— Pacinc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 23 — 5 o. m.
The following are the eeasm-al ralr.falls to
date a* compared with thow? of earn* date last
«ea«cn arJ ramf&.:i in lajt twenty-four hours:
Lazt This Last
Staticc* — 2» hours. Sea.son. Season.
Eurek« O.OO 17. 2S 2!r.4l
Red Bf-rfT O.CO 11. Rl 12.02
Kacrarr:«nto O.OO 4.43 5. ."JO
Sar. Fra-ncieco 0.00 6.02 5.13
Frusio 0.00 O.SH 3.13
Independence 0.C) 0.<2 0.S3
Kar. Lou!» Oblzrpo O.tO 0.82 4. OS
Lo» Ar.gelea 0.00 .0.43 4.97
Sin iJi'gj 0.00 0.40 «.<JU
THE COAST RECORD.
•— -j. j, z — t: —
c -i" <•-'— i ¦i <-T n
= z - ~ = •'¦ *• * —
stations. ~ Ia;: II-^S.'f? z
7 » "* c - 1 Z.
; c c - * - §
F. ra!I-n -TO.— M 32 N Or a r 7*)
Walter 3ii.«> 34 IS S*V Pt.Cld/ .'»)
Carscn 30 50 3S 1« N O.ear .CO
Hun-ka SO..-!* 52, : 28 N Clear .00
Framo S«L» 52 34 W Clear -CO
fr-iaCaS .T2 14 ~E Cloudy .OS
Pt Reyea SOlM «5 4S N t^ear .00
Pocatelio ao.4S- 28 22 W Clcody .10
In.V-en4*-nc« .3C-24 54 JS NW Clear .O0
U* A^seiea ..3O.t« «W *O W Clear .00
Mt Tam«*P»l'.*»,23 5t 44 N Cl-ar .(A
Pt.oecix ..r»O4 «2 :i2 NW Clear .00
P-Ttla'vd • ...30-3* ffl 3 N Forsy .02
Fed DIuff ..30.3(> «O 44 N Clear .«»
ii K<fbU r, . . .1O.5O 22 4O VT Clear .«4
Sa- r.rrrrf.to ...30.22 58 -"S NW Clear .00
?*!t Lake ..^«).*J Z2 2« NE Clear .tS
fian Franrtrco.3»'.2« C*J 44 X Clear '.OO
S L. <Jbt«po ..30.16 6* S2 N* Clear .OD
San Dte«3 30.04 «<> *<i NW Clear .«)
l«eattl<- :».«0 4<J 40 W Cloudy .01
gpokars 30-BJ M 2<". B Cloudy .00
Tavxwh •'»i.S2 4« 4C f Ooody .«
Walla Walla ..30..-.2 40 Z* £V. Pt.CIdy .«>
V.'innemucra ...•M>.3<» 3» 10 NW Clear ',•.<»
fuisa. ~ 30.10 CO 34 N Clear .irtl
There are no further developments In Hop**.
They rule firm, e.i-rwcialiy in Oregon, trh^re the
activity has been most pronounced of late.
HIDES' AND SKINS — Culis and bmnds «ell
about ; IV'C under quotatlcns. He.ivy j-alted
Steer?. 9cl; medium. !<r: light. 7"';: Cots Hides,
;uc for heavy ar.d 7Vjc for ::ght; Stags, 5c;
Salted Kip. Dc; Salted Veal. Vkri Salt'jd Calf.
lUViC: dry Hides. 15c: dr>' Kip. 13c; dry Calf.
!><c- Sheepskins, »hearlinjC3. 25^C0c «ach; short
Wool. 40-fieOe each: m«dium. 70S?90c; Ions
Wccl, $1^1 BOi Horse Hides, salt, $2 73 far
large and $2«2 50 for m-?d:nm. $1 25*81 73 for
small and 50c for Colts; Hurse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 CO for medium. $1 Qi 25
fcr small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 3lc: dry salt-J Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 3lc. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c; medium. :"3c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. t rendered, 4*-'c per ib; No.
2. le; srea?e. 2K:ffinc.
WOOL— Fali clip — San Jcaquin Lambs'. 9®
lie; Middle County. ll<g*2c: Northern Free.
114il2c: Northern Defective. tO@llc; Humholdt
aad Mendocino. 12014?: Nevada. 13815c: Ore
gcu fine, isSlDc: Oreson medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS — 204J21C per lb for California.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. STfcc: thre«
half barrels, S%e| cne tierce. Sl^c: two tierces,
S!;c; five tierces, $%c per lb.
Chicago was higher. This market continued
dull at the; familiar prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll"4c per lt> for
heavy. 12c for lisht medium. 14c for light.
l'V^c'for extra light. ISc for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern yugar-cured
Hams. 14c; California Hams. 13H@ITHc: Mpss
lieet. in 50 per bbT; extra M?ss. $12312 50;
Family, $1-'"? prime Mess Pork. $17: extra clear,
$21: Mess. 519; Pry Salted Pork. 12c: Pig Pork.
$23; Pigs' Feft. $5 25: SmcUed Beef. 15c per lb.
LARL> — Tierces quote'! at 7'ic per lb for
compound and Oc for pure; hatf-barrels. pure.
9>.ic; l(3-lb tins. i>"ic; 5-ib tins, UTsd 3-lb tins.
10c.
Provisions.
NEW YORK BONDS. j
U S ref 2s res -.106 ; Louis & N un! 4s.lOC"i
Do coup iw;4 Manhattan c g 4s. 102
Do Us reg 107 : , l 4 i.Me- Cent 4s 70
Do coui> 107* 4 i Do 1st ir.c 144
Do new 4a rcg-lSS*-*; Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do coup l33VijM K & T 4s 'JG4
Do oU 4s reg.li!»V>! Do 2ds 7S=5i
Do cou: HOijiN R Rof M c 4s. 75
Do oU 5-« reg..lolU ; N Y Cent g :;>i*. UJ";
Do coun lOl^iiN J Cent K 3s...i:;ti^» j
Atch gen 4a DO "fe! Northern Pac 4s.. K2"* I
Do adjt 4s ,*,7U! Do 3s 70'4 •
Atlantic C L 4s. 'ja^iNor & W c 4s... JXJ^i
Balto «t O 4s ...101 |O S L 4s & Par. 91*4
Do ::'i a •*• 03 Ponn conv 3','.s.. :'3 : '>s
C«nt Of Ga 3* .. .Vr.lY t \ Reading Gen 4s. ftti'4
Do 1st inc 70 IS L & I M c 5s.lU4
Chi-s t O 4 ! is...l02V;'t-t L & S F IK is. Si% j
Cii Jt Alton .tUs. 75U St L S W lsts... 7'>4 I
C n & Q new 4s. !)2*i' Seaboard A L 4s. 72' 3 J
C M & St P E 4s.ll()i;.; Southern Pae 4s. S-S ;
<*hl & N \V c 7s.l.">I'«i SouthTn Ry 5s. it 14 "1 !
C U I .t P B n 4s CSH Tex & Pao 1sts.ll.-,',i I
Do coi 3s= 74 i Tol St J. & W 4s. (iS I
CCC*SLria 'Mi Union Pac 4s . ..]"*J*£ j
Chi Term 4» 77>i' Do conv is . . Sj5% |
('on Tobacco 4s.. M-%|U S Steel 2<1 5i". ti*", I
Colo &; So 4s ... S5"i WabaHh Ists 1»U !
Denver & R G 4s. DO 1 -' Do Deb B CI4 ;
Erie' prior lien 4s>. m "[Wheel & L E 4s. S7U
Do gen 4s S8%lWla Cent 4s 01
Ft W A D C lsts 102^.1 Colo F & I C 5s. 70
Hockir.g Val 4'- J s.l0G "I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 ! Little Chief 00
Alice 13 Ontario 6 CO
Breeoe 10 Ophir 1 DO
Brunswick Con .. 04! Phoenix ...12
Oacutoek Tunnel 05 l iiPoto^?i 15'
Con Cal & Va i*! 1 Sa\-age 3tf |
Horn Silver 1 10 Sierra Nevada ... 40
Iron Silver 15 Smalt Hopes ...... 15
Lradville Con ... 02 ' Standard 150
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — | W^stlngh Com.... SO
Call loans 5«4 > 6(? Mining —
Time loans — 5 ©64! Adventure 2*4
Bonds — I Allouez 4*4
Atcfcifon 4s S)Si4| Amaiiramated 4S"*
MfX C*-* 4s ... ti$4 Daly West 344
Railroails — Bmgbam 24
Atchison ftSU Calumet**& HecIa.43S
Do crefd '. 924 Centennial .. 13
Boston & Albany. 2454 Copper Range ... i*i%
Boston & Maine.l<*fi Dominion Coal .. 77H
Boston L 140 Franklin 7'i
N I N H & H...19S Isle Royaie 6
Fitchburg prefd..l3.1 .Mohawk 344
Union Pacific . . . 7S54 Old Dominion . . . 7-y
Mexican Cent ... 9'-i Osceola 5s"
Miscellaneous — Parrot 21
Amer Sugar 125*i,Q»iincy §5 "
Di> prefd 121 j Santa Fe Copper. is»
Amer Tel & T..t2*4 Tamarack ....... Jk>
Dorain Iron & S. «"» Trinity 454
Gen Electric Ifi7 United States ... l.s
Mass Electric ... 17 j Utah 29*i
Do prefd 95 *i | Victoria 1^ .
United Fruit I0t> ' Winona 891*1
U S Steel 10"ii\yolverin<5 68 4
Do preff* 35"i1 ,
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23— FLOUR— Receipts.
24.tW) barrels: exports, C6.113 barrels; sales. :
12.7W packages; market moderately active and
firm.
WHEAT— Receipts. 3S.500 bushels: exports,
T.3,544 bushels; sales. 2.220. 00O bushels spot. 1
Spot firm. No. 2 red. 93^c elevator and M',c
f.. o. b. arioat: No. I Northern Duluth. t/o^c
f. o. b. afloat; No. I hard Manitoba, nominal,
f. o. b. afloat. Oytions opened a little unset
tled and for a time acted easy, but before
midday turned itrong on noteworthy support
at Chicago, various war rumors an.i light of
ferings. They continued very firm all day and
at the close showed to lc net advance. Ds
eerr.ber being i-trcngest on a further scare of
;hcrts. Sales inelua>;l No. 2 red. May. at 85"*
6fK%C closed IMHie: July. S2fis2Uc, closed at
S2-«io: December, Vl\t^i^^. closed 9:)»ic.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL- Firm.
• PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio firm: m:H. .firm. Cor
: dova. S*4013c. The market for coffee futures
closed steady at a net gain of 10 points, with
sales repnrted of 231.000 bags, including: Jan
uary. •>.o'5'gt>.75o: February. «i.70c; March." 0.95
Qm.OQc: May. 7.25-S7.35c; July. 7.4O^7.50c:
September, 7.().".g7 75c; October, 7.755 T.SOc. and
Nov-.mbtr, 7.S5c.
SUGAR — Raw ncminal. Fair refining,
3 1-li^i 3L.c: centrifugal, tW test. 3 9-10c; mo
lasses sugar, 2 13-l(VS2 7 »c. Refined quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Tfc* market is
qtriet but steady. Common are quoted at 4@
5c: prime, 3 l 4§54c; choice, (5<§64c, and fancj'
at 7 cents.
PRUNES — Are in fair demand from Jobbers
and rate firm at prices ranging- from 3%c to
64c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are quiet, with choice quoted at
9VjU4c; extra choice, 9T- 4 *rI0*ic, and fancy
at UtflSc.
PEACHES— Remain quiet, with choice still
held at 7V 4 '57 a '4C. extra chcic* 7%frSL4c and
fancy at tt^-JlOV^c.
Chicago Grain Market. -
CHICAGO. Dec. 23— The wheat market was
more or less a one man affair to-day, being to
a !anre extent dependent upon the action of
the bi^ bull interest. The leading long sold
on all sharp rallies, <;nly to buy back 4gaLa en
all breaks. Opening prices were ?tea-1y on small
local rtceipu. May being unchanged to a
shade higher at yil^c to .« *i y s^ *a o. Th« big
Ions bought rsenly at the start, but because
two or tfaree arominent commission housjus
were free sellers at the same time the tm
pressicn was created that he was selling more
than he bought. This belief led to a small de
cline. May going down to S24c. Shorts be
came active buyers at this figure and the price
rallied. During the latter Dart of the session
the market developed considerable strength on
advices from Dallas claiming that wheat is
dying all over Texas on account or drouth.
May advanced to i>34c, but heavy realizing
quickly caused a reaction. The close, how
ever, was firm with May 4c higher at S.'JUc.
Corn was influenced by the late strength In
whtat, but ciu: j ¦:•_• of thar 'there was little in
the way of news to affect prices. Closing
prices were firm. May cloac.t at 44 cents.
Fair buying of-oats by cash and commission
house?, together with the strength in wheat,
caused a firm market. The clo?e was firm.
May cicslng at 3"4c.
Provisions ruled strong on a good demand
from commission houses ani local shorts. For
eigners were moderate buyers of tart. May
pork closed .'JO cents higher, lard up 15c and
ribs 124irl5c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Ajtt:!es— Open. High. Lew. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
D*"-. (new) S0"^ SI ' SO SOTi
May S2-4 S3!£ S2li ' 83 3
July 77*; 7S 771, 77%
Corn No. 2 — .
December 41 H • 41% 41-^ 4Ui
May 43% 44U 43^ 44
July 43"^ 43><, 4^% 435s
Oat<« No. 2—
December W"j 33 "i% ' 33
May 37V» 37% 3«* s 3"ii
July •"*-» 34U 34 34S
Mesa Perk, per bbl —
January II «3 12 0O 1195 11 92U
May 12 10 12 4O 12 10 12 15"
Lard, rcr ICO lbs —
Jaruary «i «> 0 45 C 50 « CO
Mav « 72U t; S3 C 70 6 82 ! i
Short Kih5, rcr 100 lbs—
July 6 23 0 27*4 6 23 6 23
May »> 43 0 57 Vi 0 45 « 52 U
Ca-h inotations were as follows: Flour,
steady and easy: No. .1 wheat. 79'g.SO'ic; No. 2
red .V2fi < *'ic: No. 2 corn. 4l*ic; No. 2 yellow,
4;:'^.e- No 2 oats, S5i&0<B*ie' No. :' white,
.^'".C^i'.c; No. 2 rye. 52Uc; good feeding bar
ley '.tefii'Jc; l'air to choice malting. 43033c;
No.' 1 ftaxseod. OHc; No. 1 Northwestern, $1;
prim* tiiE'.thy seed. $2 00; mess perk, per libl.
$11 BTH<H2: lard per IOO lbs. $« C.(\fiC, C2'iT
short ribs sides iloose). $H 12Vj«U 17<- 3 ; short
clear si.J^ (boxed). $0 37'iffO 5<}; whisky,
basis of high winee. Jl 27.
Arti-Ies Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. " barrels 40.:'.00 25.500
WSeat. bushels 215.MX) :u.0««
Corn bushels :S4:i.90O 12^,800
Oat5. bushels 2MAM 75.400
Rye. buihels JWO 3.700
Barley, bushels 2C2.1P0 1.S.70O
On the* Produce Exchange to-day the Cutter
markcl Ka.i quiet and easy: creameries, lr^giic;
dairies. 14&21c; ess*, sttady to firm, 2C«27',ic;
cheese, steady. IO<gi*H<"- * -
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOU
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening '. « 4>-i 0 3*1
Closing CIS U Z%
PARIS.'
Wheat — ¦ Dec. Mar. -June.
OpT.ins 2155 2120
Cloi-ing 21 CO 21 20
Flour —
Opening 2S .TO 2S 25
Cloeing 28 5S 28 40
Nezu York Metal Market.
' NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— Spot tin • declined
15s to £12> Ss in London, while futures were
10» lower at £120 10s. Locally tin was quiet
and nominally unchanged at $2S 50. .
Copper declined 2s »M in London to £3fi 12s
Cd for eiwt anil £5<» 3a for . futures. I^ically
copper was dull. Lake is quot<»d at 12.37 V^f 9
12.li2'-.c. electrolytic at 12.25fffl2.30c and cast
ing at 12l2«il«2-".^c.
Lead d«:lln«'d Is .Id In London to EM Cs (M.
was steady and unchanged here at 54 37>-i fcr
email lots ami $4 23 for car lot*.
Spelter, tike otner metals, sat lower in
London, closlnr at a decline of 2s Od at £21
FRUIT— Apricots, TgDc for Royals and &3
lie for Mocrparkj; Evaporated Apples. 4'ff5&c;
sun-dried. Peaches. 44<&64c; Pears.
«e*0c; NectarJies. 4g3Uc;Flgs. white. 4S*^c
in boxes; black, 4"ic: Plums, pitted, esgSc per
1903 crop, 2^S2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Freswi. for 1303
crop: SO-lb boxes — Locse Muscatei, 2-crown,
5V4c per lb; -Krcwn, 5"sc; 4-crown. tf%c; Seed
less Muscatels 4>-ic; do. floated. 44c: un
bleaihed Sultanas, 4 Vic; Thompson's Seedless,
¦Uc. London Layers — 2-crown. Jl 25; C-crown,
$l":i5- 4-crown clusters, $2; 3-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; C-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown. 5%c: Valencia
Cured. 4>4c; Pacific, do. 3"4e; Oriental, do.
2^o- Seeded Raisins — l>5-oz. packages, fancy.
Pc per lb; choice. 7v»c; I2-or. packages, fancy.
fi"i,c; choice, C*Sc; in bulk, fancy. 1\c; choice,
T4sc.
NUTS — Walnut3. No. 1 softshell. I3*s@t4c;
No. 2 11U«12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13^l34c;
No. 2. llfSLl^c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
IQ'ic for I X*L. 10«- 4 c for Ne Plus Ultra and
S x ic for Languedec; Peanuts. SQ'c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50£5; Chest
nuts. ?#10c per lb.
HONEY — Comb. 10<§12c for white and S4@
iH"C for amber; water white extracted. 5^54**;
light amber extract?!. 44'SCc; dark. 34if*c-
BEESWAX— 27i}21)t; per lb. .
D ried tru its, Nu ts,Ra isi us, Honey
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Eiohanee sixty days..;. — 14 -Gl^i
Sterling Eschar.??. siRht — 4 So
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 81
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. ' — - 10
Silver.' per ounce .: — 55>4 j
Mexican Dollars, nominal... — 43 ¦
Wheat and Other Grains. !
f rr I
WHEAT — Th? only news worthy of rote 1
from the East ypsterday was a wire from Dal- ;
laa. Texas, saying that Wheat was dying all
ov^r the State frcm drought. |
There was nothing new here, either In cash
grain or futures.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 .TTV.'Sl 40; California.
Whi;e Australian, jl 5O31 52 1 ,-: .Kortbern «*lub.
$1 40>gl 41'4 : Northern liluestem, $1 5O81 51 Vi:
Oregon Valley, $1 40.'
FUTURES.
Session !) to 11 :'i0 a. tn.
Op*in. ' Hlcb. Low. Clnsf.
May *1 :55 s * SI 38*5 $1 33% *1 L *
Decemter— $1 »4 bid. $1 40 asked.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 3'1'i *l MVj $1 3«J $1 3tiU
BARLEY — Futures were higher, esp^oially
Deoember, which advanced •'<<-• on the morning
aessioo. Of the short interest of about lO.OOO
tons in December about half remains yet 10
b<? de!i**ered. Most of tfce current liberal re
ceipts are for this account. The cash graia
uynipathizes with futures and is a fraction or
so higher. .
; CASH BABLET. . , ;
Feed Jl ICiQI-I.";**; Shlpring and Br»wlnff,
fl 13&1 20: Caev-aiier, $1 20@l 45- for fair to
choice. • ¦ . -
. FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m. ' - :
May— $1 00 l -j bid.
December — *l 14 bid. $1 18 asked-.
2 p. ra. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ?1 08 %l «l*5 $1 OO 1 *; ?l 05*4
OATS — There ti no further chanse to report
in this market. Trade ia now quiet and of a
holiday character
White, $1 22'i'gl £5 for California and $t 27"^
01 35 Cor Northern; Black. $1 43#l 65; Red.
fl 20^1 32U for feed and $1 25'gl Co for sead;
Gray, $1 32 &,
CORN — The millers now report a quiet mar
ket and say that they are olTered Western at
the sew quotations below. Not mucfl activity
is looked for. until after the turn of the year.
California U also being offered freely in this
market from interior points.
Western racked. $1 23iil 27 4 for Yellow,
Jl 224'dl 25 for White and Jt 224 for Mixed;
California large Yellow. Jl 32*&; small round
do Jl 4O31 50: White. Jl 35 per ctl.
RYE— Jl C.'-gl 30 per ctl. ,
BUCKWHEAT— Jl 75-S2 p«r ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, J4 fiO<!J
4 35, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50<?{ CO;
Oregon and Washington, J3 90@| 20 per bbl for
Family and %-i 00^4 40 for Bakers".
MILLSTUFFS — Prices tn packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, J3 25 per 1CH> lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye M*al. 13; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. J3 25; extra oream do J4; Oat
Greats, $4 50: Hominy. $1 ©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50«4 73; Cracked Wlwat. $.1 75; Fa
rina, f 1 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $1 50: Rolled
Oat*, bbls, $7 25@S »i0: in sacks. $t} 75^8 10;
Pearl Barley. t6; Split Peas, boxes. J7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per let) lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is tiothirp nerv under this head. Prices
are steady and supplies about balance the du
nia n<V
BRAN— $l!W»20 per ten.
MIDDLINGS — $26 50<g2S CO per ton.
•SHORTS — $J0rf;2i> per tcrr.
FEEDSTUFFS^-Roiled Barley. J27«724 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at ihe mil!. J27^2S 53;
jobbing. $2U<$::0: Cocoanut Cake. $21g22; Corn
Steal. $iS CoCt'-'O W: Cracked Corn. $20^30;
Mixed Feed. t22t}23; Horse Beans. $"0340 per
tcn-
HAY — Wheat. $13 ."O016: Wheat and Oat.
$13#15 30; Oat. $12®14; Wild Oat. $11 50«S
13 50; Barley, $12OI-'! 5O; Stock, nominal — hone
here; AJfalfa, $ie<fj(12 50 per ton.
STRAW — 10@65c per bale. <
Beans anc{ Seeds.-
Tliis market like mont others, is now of a
holiday character, with bui er* and sellers
more or less Indifferent. Prices remain un
changed.
BEANS — Eaycs. $2 30@2 40; Pea. $3; But
ton". .$.1 23; small White. $2S31?3; larj;e Wtite,
$2 4C^2C0; Pink. $2 €.":®2 SO; Red. $3 50; Lima.
$J@3 i-J; Red Kidneys, $4@4 23; Blackeye. $20
2 15 p<?r ctl: Horse Beans. $1 50(82.
SEEDS — Brown ¦ Mustard. $.t; Yellow Mus
tard. $2 «5®2 SO: Flax. $1 SO@t !K); Canary.
EGS'Ac for Eastern;' Alfalfa. 11014c: Rape.
1MOSS: Timothy. <C*SS*« Hernp, .•;»4'S : l^c per
lb; Millet. 3@3V4c; Brooms Corn Seed. $2D5J2J
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, Jl SC@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Strictlr fancy offerings of table Burbanks
continued lb meet with a steady demand and
Orepon Rurbanks. ex-steamer, cleaned* up
quickly at steady prices. About 75 per cent
of the carpa brousht down by the last steamer
sola at- the maximum quotation. Salinas Bur
bar.ks. too. were In zirxt request, but rivers
were dull and accumulating in the warehouses
A car of Sweots was marketed late in the day
and met with a atrady nVmand at the recently
advanced quotation.. Onions were in k fai- 1 re
quest and ruled firm at the previously quoted
rates.
¦ UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. ll'> — 14s qr cp newl.^?V«134H
4s qr reg..!0OV^HO!-i;3» qr coup. .107*it0»i 3
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — I Do 5a 169*1104;
Bay <-r>C ?s. 101 lfKJ I Do con ."a. — I'L-.tj
Cal C O 5». — 1C6 [O W gtd 5a. — 87
Cal C & E k Oceanic S 5a. — 73
mlct 5?. — KW-i Om Cable «-*3l2T> —
Cal-st 5a .. — — j Pac C Ira 4s. 95 10O
C C Wat ."s. — 10!) ip E Ry 59.107 1CS
Ed L & Ptis.120 — IP & C H ««. — —
F & C H i5*. — 117 IPftOR S9.117U120
Geary-*t 5s.. 45*^ 90 ifowdl-« fs.ll-'H.i —
II C&S 5 Us. 104 — PE C'-R .Is. 09 —
H C £ S 5s. — Ki> : bF & BJV3* — 11*
Hon R T ts.104 IM [8 R -r c 63.112^ —
L A E!ec 53.1'H l'SU S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.Hl 113 0908) tO7%lC9
L A L Co B*. — — I <19l'» Ite4 —
Do gtd Cs. — — ! S P of "• Cs
Do gtd 5s. — lC4'-i; tlJX^Sr A.10& 103U
LAP lcm 5s. 1C0 1C2 1 <l3»5)Sr B. — HU^i
Mkt-st C «S.11S% — j • 19«,»;> HHUIC3
Do lrni .13.113 — 1 (1912) 114** —
XRR of CC9- — 108 [SPC 1 « 3». - 1174
Do ."a 114 1 -j — i Do »tn:rd.lW :1 i>07'-~
N P C R 5s. — IOS14: S P B E 6i - 1X1^,
N C R 5* . — 11D a V W «3..10»; —
N C P C 5s. — 181 Do 4s 2-im. !>9H —
N S R R 5s.lfW> 1W^; Do 4s ."-dm. 37 SS^i
O G L H 5s.lO7»i — Stkn C-&E 6s — IOO
O T Co «s..HSi-i — C G & E 53. — 1C5
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 JPort Costa.. — —
Marin Co . . 6T — IS V TV* Co. 3SV, 331;
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3$ 4^1 S F G & E. CKH —
Mutual EL. 7 S14[SF Gas L. .11* .1%
Pac G Im.. JV4 54?«i.-tin '". A E. ." —
Pac L Co... 53U — \V G &. E.. — 33
Sac E GAR. — — I
TP.USTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 66 67 I
LNSL'RANCE. «
Firem's Fnd320 — |
bank: stocks.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 iL P & A... — 170
Ans!o-Cal -.85 S>1 Mer Trust... 230 2T^5
Eank of Cal. t« 447 Mfrch Ex . . — —
ral Safe Dr». — 151 S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ocr S & L.22T» — Sav & L So. — 105
Hum S * L. — — Sec Sav Dk.40O SCO
Mutual Bar.100 1C5 Union T Co. — —
5 F Sav C.600 — *
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2C5 |i»res!dio 40 l i —
Geary — SO i
POWDER.
Giant 62 S5 ! Vieorit 4 u i 3
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 75c j Kilauea S C. — **
Hawaiian C. 44U 45 | Makawall C. 23 24
Honokaa S C 12Vi USflOaoaMS S C. — -Tl
Hatefa SPC — omPaauimu S C 14 15
MISCELL.\NE^t*S.
Alaslta P A. !.'.:> 110 1 Oceanic S C — «
Cal. F C A. 024 — Pac Aux F* 4*i 5^i
Cal Wire A. 9:»l, "Jl ¦ Pac C Bcrx.l«S7 —
Morning Se«aion.
Board^ —
10 Alaska Packers* Assn. b 10.. 140 00
CO Oceanic S S Co 5 w>
lit S F Gas & Electric Co B« SO
5 S ¥ Gas A Electric Co I S7 «»»
13.000 S P of Arizona' C91«> 108 73
- Street —
li> Hutchinson S P Co 0 50
15 Syrins VaiUy w- ¦• Co U0 0»
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 ilakaweii cash 2:i 0O
lt» Mutual Electrtc Light -. .. U «.v
10 Mutual Eiectrio Light !» 75
Street—
S3.CC0 S V 6 per cent binds 100 OO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— * Bl.l. Asked.
Alma 1 4i>
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Certlncatrs 1»
Aztec SO
California Standard It
Caribuu 1 40 1 W
Central Point Con fc'3
Chicago Crude I'J
Claremont Ho ....
Esperanxa 1 3O ....
Four 67 ....
Fulton 4 .*.">
Gianx ....
Hanford 135 CO ....
Home 1 021* 1 tt>
Imperial * .... ....
Independence ¦ 14
Junct l-.:i •-•-• - 17
Kern 4 5O 4 75
Keru itiver 10 CO
Lion -02
1 Monarch (of Arizona) 4<j
1 Mtiote rcisto C5
Octi.fent.il cf \V Va I.H
Oil City Fctroleum 27,
r^erlesM - H W
Pi-.f«hi;r s
R^e.1 Criidi- .... ....
S F t\ McKi:tricl£ * .... ....
San Jnaiuin O Sc O.. ....
Senator (52
Soverciim 37 40
E-tcrlm? 2 5* ....
Supcritir W " 17
Thirty-thret- ' 7 5<>
Tcttec 2O
Twenty-eitsnt 4 23 ....
West ¦ .... 3 05
Miscellaneous —
Ably Lam! & Imp T ..".;v I '0
A!amed;i Sosar
American Biscuit .... .
American District Tel '. ....
Cat Gna & .Klectrto Ccrp
California ' Cotton Mills S9 CO 93 0O
California Jockey Club . •
'California Shfpp*nK C« ....
Cal Title In* * Trust ....
Central Dank of Oakland.. .... ....
Chtttes Company ....
Cyprw* *L>r«wn Imp Co 6 5O ...-
Fischer'.* Theater 2Co 225
Gas ' Consumers* Assn ....
Honolulu Sugar
Northern California Power.. :t*^^SM i
North Short- RaUrocrt ....
OTpheuni Comr«>ny 15 5O ....
Paciflf Stats* Tel &. Tel...- t--- ••••
Paraffinc Paint *U> (At , ....
San Francisco Dry Dock
Sanitary Redaction Works... I 55 1 C5
Saasallto Land i Ferry ....
f Sperry Flour Company ....
Stock and Band Exchange.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 23.-2 p. m.
The hats woven in one piece, and
which sell here at from 10 cent3 to 30
cents apiece, and the straw hat rang
ing in price from 23 cents to Jl. could
undoubtedly be exported to the United
States to advantage. It is rather
strange that some of our enterprising
hat men have never procured models
from the United States, so that these
various^ classes of hats may be braided
to suit the foreign taste. An order
was received In this city a few day3
since fron> an interior city of the
United States for something like 1000
gross of palm hats, if they could be
produced in the shapes desired. There
is no reason why this trade should not
result in the exportation annually of
hundreds of thousands of gross f^r use
during the hot season in the United
States.— Modern Mexico-.
A line of industry which i3 in its
infancy, but bids fair in the near fu
ture to be of considerable importance.
i§ th? exportation of hats to the Unit
ed States. "While the wool and felt hats
will probably never bet a very impor
tant article of export, as their princi
pal market ia the extreme southwest,
and arnonsr the few who lik? to own
a "real Mexican sombrero," there la a
probability of extending the commerce
in straw and palm hat3 almost indefi
nitely. The finer grades of palm hats,
which are admirably adapted for th*»
summer season at seaside and In tha
country and in all picnic and puting
expeditions, can be laid down in the
American market at figures which will
enable them to compete advantage
ously with the various c!asse3 of:
straw ha.ts*in use there. Reference is
made to the classes known as "da
trenza," which rangre In price from Jl
to $20 (Mexican money), according to
the flnenes of the braid and quality of
the t>alm. •
Mexican Hats for Export.
There are now very few Cranberries left.
and they are firm and selling well.
[ Trading in fruits was le£3 active than on the
preceding day, as nearly all dealers, whole
salers and retailers alike, were busy with
Turkeys. The Orange market was ta gocd
shape for fancy well colored stock, which
was still scarce. Poorly colored stock con
tinued abundant and moved very slowly at
unsteady prices. The Apple market was rath
er easy but prices of fancy stock were un
changed. Ordinary and medium grades were
offering at easy prices and were in good
demand amons peddlers. Stocks of Persim
mons are- st«».iily d*creaslcK and prices have
a narrower range. ¦ Strawberries arrived rather
freely and gold slowly at $2 BO03 3O per cheat,
and choice Grapes were in igood request at
$1 23® I 50 per crate. Trootcal fruits were
plehtilul and unchanged. ThejPar.ama steamer
brought up 251 CUM Mexican Limes and 34
crates Pineapples.
CRANBERRIES — Cap» Cod. $1+316 per bbl.
APPLES — Fancy Spitzenhergs. *1 75@2 per
box; other varieties. $1 2C@1.3O for fancy. 759
90c for choice and 25'ij5Cc for common; Christ
man Apples. £1 M3J2.
PEARS— Winter Nellis frcm cold storage,
$1 50</2 p<=r box.
QUINCES — ?0'560c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75c4x$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 "<Q
2 50 per box for fanoy. $1 2531 T-0 for choice
anil Toc@Jl 2."> tor standards; Seedllrgs. 7-"c<g$-;
Tangerines $1 '2T> for half boxes and 75c6$l for
quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins, $l£l 50
for half boxes: Lemons, $lii2 per box; Grape
Fruit $2'(fH 30: Mexican Limes. S4Q4 50; Ba
nanas $l@2 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2@3
for Central American; Pineapples. |2®3 50 per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.'
TACOMA. Dec. 23. — Wheat— Unchanged ;
bluestem, 7'J<;; club, 75c. .
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Deo- 23.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
71@72c; bluestem, 77c; valley, 79c.
V *. L NKW Y0RK STOCK LIST.
SEalttmoreiohlo:: S.X S^ 7SS «*
Ii*lt: & Ohio pfd.. . s — "S
, Canadian Pacific .. 1.400 lis%" {{lil ,?!>
S°?& *&£;:: g* {^" ™$
Chi T& T pfd .... .400 'iiU 'iiii 17^"
C C C * st Loui« . 2,4<.«) 7:)\ 77 £ 71 *
¦colcrad 3 Southern. . SCO U it ii
Ccl Sc 1st pfd .. :**> 52ti 52 "
Col -fco 2d pfd .:.. ioo Ml £ sti
Delaware fc Hud.. 4.10<> 16S», I134 vii>'
Del. Lack A West., l.oco 2C3 2U0^ 2<^-!
Denver A R G * -iHi*
Denver i.RG prd '.'.".'" 755 ¦
Eri * «.S«X> 20* j 'tj'xI 2aS
1 Erie 1st pfd l.SOO «a<4 «-3 ««^
! Ert V :d v. ptd 30 ° M^ 50 1 * BO?
, Gt Northern pfd .: i«<>
I Hocking Valley ".I;". 72
Hocking Val pfd.. 30U 84 "si" 84
I IllinoU Central 1.300 13C»» 129»: 1*>
] Iowa Central 2<J0 21 20 u 20
! Iowa Cent pfd " as
j Kan City So ia
'. Kan City So pfd '. . S4U
I Louisville 4b Nash.. 1.5<)O 10Ti- 4 io<; lOV'C
Manhattan L 10.900 14.5 hi 142 14.1
: Met Bt Ry «,2U<> 124U 123'i 124?i
i kiiaa & St Louis tSO
! M!-K>uri Pacific .. 9,2fiO 0-1H a - :»i 94
; M K & Texas .... 200 17^ 17% 17 U
! M K & T t,M .... 21 v :2> 3S% :;*-I
I Nat KBofJU pfd MO 3« - ,Ti' 33^
1 N Y Central Cam) 120 HS'i 111* -\
I Norfolk & West .. 1.800 Z7S, 5«-- 4 57S
Norfolk A W pf,l ....'* S3
; Northern Securities 8S-S
j Ontario & West.. 2.4>jO 22'i 22 H 22 '.4
j Pen M?i\ania 24.0-i> Il.sH 117w 11SH
I P C C 4 St Louis Z ..... &t'
j P.eadlag 12.200 451 44^4 45^4
I Reading 1st pfd ! ..... 7^4
; Reading 2J pfd 1C0 ou^i, 014 W^
; Rock Island Co. .. 1S.*>"O 2:5 \ 22"« — ;*s
j R I Co pfd 2.9«J!> ia 1 -, 5» l 4 50
1 st L * s F in pfd. :. .... w
[Bt L& SF2dpM.. 700 4O'.i 33^ 33-'i
! St Louis S W 13 •„
j St L S W pfd 50O ;rj'^ 32 82
St Paul 14,«)o 14.T, H2U li;;--;
1 St Paul pfd 21*) 172'— 172'i 172U
{ Par-ific 5.3DO 48^ 47», 4^U
Southern Railway. . l.'JOO 2O"/i 2iMb 2«»i
! So Railway pfd . . 30«> 7S 78 7S
i Texas & Pacific. l.onO 23»i 24% 25
1 Toledo, St L & \V.. iX» 2:; 21 : ii 22 r -i
T St L *W pf J <:0G 35^ Xj' 33
T.'nlon Paciflc 13.S00 7S»i 7* 78V
; Union Pac pfd 20O Kt 88*4 8»Vi
) Wabash 1P0 2<> 2<> 20
; Waba«h pfd 800 37 3ti» a 37
Wheellr.g & L E.. 16
J Wisconsin Central l'W 17 17 17
! Wisconsin Cen pfJ. 200 38 ZlVt 38
Express Companies —
j Adams 223
American 300 197 1S3 1>3
United States 101
J Wells- Fargo 2li7
j Mi»ce!Ian«ous — I
Amalgam Copper. .. 22.400 4S T £ 47% 48
i Ann Car & Found. V10» »> 13S I»%
I Am Car & F pfd.. 100 6S^ CS^i 67
Amer Linseed Oil 9
i Amer Lin Oil pfd 23
j Aner Locomotive.. 1J00 1S% IS 18
i Amer Loco pfd .CO 7S*? 78 78
I Amer Smelt & Ref. 1.700 40^4 43>v 49
j Amer S & Ref pfd. 500 3.SV* 02- t 92
Amer Sugar Ref. . . 27.Km 121; 12;; . 125
¦Anaconda Min Co.. 2lX) 75 'i 75 77
! Brk!yn Rap Trans. 5fl.S0O 53 H 51 tj M
'Colo Fuel 4z Iron.. 200 2ti*i 2«H M
! Colura & Hock Coal 100 144 I4>i 14
i Consolidated Gas... 7,700 19-^i 1!)2 195
I General Electric... 1,900 l^Vi 185 1CS
i International I'atwr " 10tJ
Intrrntl Paper pfd. 10O 63 6S C3
I Ir.ternatJonnl Pump ' 2tK> £8 28 27.
I Interntl Pump pfd. ..'. .... 7O
National JS.wcutt... 100 37>i 37V4 36%
National Lead CuO 14 H lifi
North Amtricin 76V4
Pacific Mail ....' .... 2*
Peebles Gaji 4.!KX> ttO »7Vi 98
Prewrd Steel Car.. !>C0 2S!i 2S 2S>i
i Prrwcd S Car pfd w.»,
! Pullman Palac- Car 215'
j RejHJhlic Kfel .; «ii
Republic St»el pfd. 200 4O 40 4I> "
I Rubb->r G«cds 30i> 17"s 17*4 17^
nabbcr Goods pf.l 71^
I 7enn Coal & Iron.. 7.SJX) 3Ti*4 2T. 3Z\
i i; S Leather *XQ 7»4 v T V 7 /
I U * Leather pfd 2tf) 7C 7« 70*;
I* S Rubber 10
U S Rubber pW .' '. .. 33
U S Steel 3.100 10T* lO^i J0=4
U S pfd 3S.100 5544 ''IV* Si'i
Western Union \ -4«0 Sfi^ 85 'i : 85
Total falcs .:»3.C00 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.J.— Uond tranuacttons
United Railroad* of San X^raocisco;- 25,<X)0 at
7-?..
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— The stock market for
the moj?t part continues in a state of hiberna
tion. Practically all of the circulation in to
>i<«ys market nas within the t-tcck Exchange
lx»Jy itself, withcut any perceptible scare fr<An
outside sources. Tho feature of the day's news
was the increase a.ir.cunced in the Lake Shore
¦OBi-caanai i^'.ierA from 3U to 4 per cent.
Tie -itlwr Va.iderbilts responded to this news
anj it had a mild affect on the general market.
The three-point drop in Lake Erie ani Western
was a rcarked exception among the Vanderbtlts.
As a Lake Shore controlled company, the Lake
t-..ore ujviilenj increase seemed without encour
aging effect en Uilcc Erie and Western holders
en the supposition that the benefit from opera
tlou to the controlling company would be a nrst
cc=sid«ra:icn. The yearly statement ef ihe
Like there earnings was the subject of wide
spread rwnrrwnt in connection with the dividend
increase, ihe surplus a!ter charges and divi
i-rnds falllrg : o $Ti2.013, compared with *:$.
-.-.C>«> Ear th« previous year. The m.jvement
tn Ute \anr}^rbats revived discussion cf the ne
cessities of the Xe* York Central to be financed
.n connecticn with the extensive terminal im
prcvemenu projeottd in this city.
The subject of future raJlrea* bond issues
was kepi alive by the suppoaitiocs as to the
a:sp^siucn of the proposej Reok Island consoli
dated refunding i?sue o f $25«r0OO.<J0O. Any ru
murs co th:s subject were various and cendict
.ng as between the adoption of the plan Its
complete rejection and the lyyue of a separate
mortgage en bonded property ttt th« system for
m«re imm-Hiiati reeds. The generdl contention
that heavy borrow ia«* by various railr.md sys
ifi S , P«rpo4<- of fun.lir.g temporary loans
Jild fcr other pur;*is=e« are ahead of the money
jBarxet is a prime factor in aggravatins ihs
Z£*?Z d ? 1 ' T! <**- Another is the Far Eastern
war cloud, which is a persistent shadow over
*•' l ."- ™w>'l » flr^rrial markets.
The opinion holds ia financial circles that
wits a pcssibiiisy of a peaceful outcome the
chances are en the side of war
«.« « P *^ u! * Uv^ actlv *ty *as diverted to the
rr^nr."^ .s * desire to reduce comir.it-
Sr«rh aj-proaching holiday interval.
t*»Jj£ ex . c! iarg» weakened further to-tiay and
vtii^ 1^ fOr reiniuar - ce *" l^ht, the period
•I?i^ I T rel = :ttan^ to cover January obii
gition* hav-ing practically expired
The boni market was firm Rock Ia'ai.! 4.
tonds were unchanged on the last
New York Stock Market.
The Germanla National Bank will remove
to its new banking room* in the CroasTey
building, northeast corner of New Montgom
ery and Mission streets, January 4.
Tb£ agreement between th- shareholders of
the VIgcrit Powder Company and in** E. I. du
Pont de Nemours Powder Company expired De
cember 15 but as yet none of the stock has
been withdrawn. Negotiations are still in
progress,, however.
Beyond a decline in Mutual Electric la $$ 75
there was no particular change in ik>ca! secu
rities. Trading continued light.
Tha Consolidate St. Gotbard Gold Mining
Company of Nevada County ha* levied an as
sessment of 7 cents per share, delinquent Jan
uary 16. -~
The American National I>ank of San Fran
cUco paid first semi-annual dividend of
$2 oO per share yesterday, at the rate ct 5
per cent per annum.
SEATTLE, Dec. 23— Clearings, $S99,5C6; bal
ances. $KX\!?S4.
TACOMA. Dec.. 23. — Clearings, $400,665; bal
ances. $45,437.
PORTLAND. Dec. 23. — Clearings. $686,353;
balances. $97, 4W.
SPOKANE. Dec. 23.— Clearings, |417,326;
balances, $37,62). ,
,'orthcrn Business.
As the close of the year dcaws near activity
on the £u»ck Exchange is likely to be connned
within moderate limits. Clo»trg cf accoucts
asd all the movemeats Incidental ta the end of
the y^ar continue to divert attentlcs from the
»¦ -. market. The po«slti!5ty of a slight
Curry ia the money xaarket also restrains spec
ulation. Nevertheless there Is a more confi
dent tmdertone to the market and the release
at about $T45,00O.O0O for dividends, etc., after
January 1 is an important factor In the invest
ment <>ir.and. wrwclally as the amount will
be ia excess of last year's payments. Indica
tions c^rtately pcrst to renewed activity ia the
¦lock market aoca after we get into the new
year, and the urcbability is that then the
ireneraJ trend of values will be upward and not
downward. A* previously stated, however, the
market must be on the watch for eurpri»*».
pcMibiy tn the Far East or in case cf the
merger fiscisien.
HGNEY AND STOCKS
<i«n.-r»I bcs(ne«# (s fairly aitire for th« sea
«^o. CIccLr-.ng bouse returns and railroad eam
:r.s- ;!¦¦:»¦ oniy *iig*;t r^actlccary ter^PSiries.
gMrraTTy *sp:air.«-d rn the first case by lea
¦ested and is. the latter, by smaller
;r^er.t.<=. The W^»t seem* to be enjoy
;rs; ur.;r.ti>m^.t<?d pr-5??«rity and th* South is
partlcslaxtjr exuberant ever the high price of
cotton and the ccns»^;ueEt prosperity of plant
ers. The burden at dear cotton falls wtth
s*>ecial *^\fr.:y upon the mills, sonie of which
::.s; b^ forced into temporary curtaiiment, but
th* Srata as a -wftoie Is likely tr> have more
tucaey to rpena-io 19O4 than ever before.
Cotton also prcve-J to be an important factor
in >ur experts. Last rcccth (November) our
iwrrh-ir.fi.>-e esrporJs aggregated SI GO. COO, 000. cr
$35.C00,Oi0 mere than In the same month last
>t»r. Ntariy the whole of this increase, S32,-
MjtOt. «u in cotton, and was due to high
prices^ and backwardness of the crop. While
our T'cveEibfr esDorts were only twice ei
<*»*ded. cur irrcorts amounted to only $77,000,
t-O»j. ccrr^arM »ith S.S3.GG0.0G0 last yir. This
left an exetas of experts thi» year of J-S3.0C0,
?XCJ, arainat leas than S40.uOO.COO a year ago.
t»o favc>r«.bl< a trade balance easily explains
tfc<- rectr.i : nfiux cl gold zsid tafgnKM its further
continuance for a period, the present tendeccy
beisg lor diminished imports regardless cf the
expert movement, although the Utter promises
rood results for the carrent month.
GENERAI- DCSIStXSa
Kecry dm. the New York banker, says
ia tis circular:
AJ!a:rs in the *twl trade have been an im
portxnt factor, net merely b*-oaus* of I'nited
States Steel securities, but lareely beca.u*? ot
the meat importAce of that in*.tertal in the
industrial rTTfflH 1 "*, Iron and steel are J>till
the beet business bardtneutr, this industry
raore than any ether beUig tnAuecced by new
«:terj?rise and rrowth. As the country de
v»Icp« th« d«r:and fcr iron ajid steel espaniis
aiso. and fcrtunateiy th*re are no indications
of tai» rrowtn b< inr arrested; on the contrary.
there !i every tr.dicaticn that the growth U to
If'tfPft for sczr.e time to come. The chief ob
stacle has been that in I'J^ri. and IOCS we were
rotn« aaead too fast- Nothing cculd check
:hat recorfl-treaklng par* except prohibitive
prices; bcaec th« eitraordicary high levels of
ir-.res. ri~:£tj« acl waires. There is still a
Ux?e de&and Car irc:i and «tr*l products at »
trice, tut not at recent figures. There are still
n-ar.y txaportact entcqpcfaci projected that will
be <le:>rred ur.-.il the «t*>el market settles down
to a rrtcr» rjcrrsaJ baais. la New York city,
for Instance, many iniUioin of iron and «ste-?l
mrtS b« u*<»-i durir.g- ;!:•> next lour or five years
for Irccruved tracaportaticn facilities. Tte
earn? t* true also in ether large cities. Amer
ican railroai:- rr.jst, to-.\ ciic'inue heavy pur
cha»eni cl etc*l for thtir modemizatlan, which
is «uii BaoosuBicted. A new railroad across
th*> ceatir.est ia j/.-ojected ia Canada, asd cthtr
fn-ta.t *ort» such «..¦> the I'anama and Eris
i i.-.»li Ksat be ompleted. which will impose a
raed tiemand ui>cn cur ujuatllictlia rner
«1e*. Tser«- is tlecty cf businee* in sight for
the ctcel tra<se piailflad prices are not ton
;:Urh. Uki a; naca a* KtXoeB become settle and
aeanx bmtthJ we are likely tu witness a re
vival «.: activity in the steel trade, without.
however. the abnormal and unwholesome
JW\;5ts that fo»terf<I the boom cu!minat;ng a
year «•>. C^M r..iK"jr;ni: feature Is ihe evi
dent ¦nilUrureess r( lab«jr to accect it* fftare
¦ r r»a-,tt.?n in this important industry. Wages
tau tva trsuyuaily high and it was izEposEifci-?
to reduce ccsts without irnpcs::iE a share upon
lakor. whjch fcad *-njcyed escertlqcal advaa
tag--s. A moierat- decline in wagrs teems
". :k-:; r^ !>; aroepted without the friction and
bir;.lrar..je that were feared, which premises
well fcr the Estate. Ae eocn as materials and
wagfs in th* trcn trade get upon a reasonable
level the rn^re static will business ccsiitiona
be.
The Outlook Cheerful. With Re
tiezi'cd Activity Expected
With the New Year.
THE BUSINESS SITUATION
EASTERN MARKETS.
ing rlouly in the mountains; light north w:n<ls
increasing in font.
N'erada— Fair Thursday: brisk y north wind*.
San Francisco »nd vit-inity — Fair Thursday;
tight north wind?, increasing in force
A. G Me A DIE. District Forecaster.
All three descriptions under this head are
weak, though prices, except for Eggs, show no
particular change. Close buyers are paying
23c for fine creamery Cutter. 37 1 4c for the
bos: ranch Eggs and 12c for choice Cheese, and
supplies of all are liberal. Stocks of Egs*
are stiil gradually increasing. The tendency
in all descriptions Is downward.
Receipts were 20.700 lbs Butter, 660 cases
Eggs and 37.400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 23<@26c for extras and
22i82 Ic for seconds ; dairy. l$£24c; store Butter,
15017 lie; cord storage. 21@23c per lb.
CHEESE — 12312V-C for the general market.
13c for select mill new and 10® Uc tor lower
grades ; -Young Americas, 13S14c; Eastern, 15 &
eiti^c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS— Eanch. •"C'S3Se for chr.ice and 35c
for small and mixed colors; store. S^i^oSc;
cold storage, Z7.£G32%«; Eastern, KQSOc for
cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Flour, qr sks .. 7.83O' Shorts, aks .... 2.5CO
"Wheat ctls 5.5*nJFlaxseed. sk»... 1.960
Oats, ctls 1K0I
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 23.
Flour qr sks .. 10.43SFeed. sk» ....." 4
Wheat, ctls .'i.7C0 Eroomcorn. bales 12TJ
Barley ctls 13. 4*>5' ; Quicksilver, flks 6S
Corn ctls ...». «03 Leather rolls... If 2
Beans sks 1.S70 Wine (tala .... 63.9TQ
Potatoes, ska... 2.TO5, Pelts. Xo 3.C-SO
Onions, ska 720 Hiri-s No. 1.C.2
Bran sks r.10,' Tallow, ctls ... 220
lliddhnss, sks.. 1,030 Raisins, bxs .. 10
Hay. tons SCO'Susar. ctls 9»'>
Hops bales ... 344f Paper, reams .. 40
Wool, bales ... 12t
WASHINGTON.
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— Basing his
opinions upon data collected by several
explorers sent out by Morris K. Jes
sup of this city Dr. Frani Boas, curatsr
of ethnology of the American Museum
of Natural History, has announced his
belief that previous theories as to the
origin x>t the American and Asiatic
tribes around the north pole are found
ed in error. The curator declares that
ihe tribes around the Bering Sea and
east to Greenland are subdivisions off
one race, and that the Esquimau po
sition as a distinct race, so long con
ceded, can no longer be sustained. "It
seems clear," he said, "that the Isolated
tribes of Eastern Siberia and those o2
the northwest coast of America form
one race, similar in type and with many
elements of culture in common. Tha
invasion "of eastern tribes in America
has disturbed the former conditions,
but enough remains to lead us to thinlc
that the tribes of thi3 whole area must
be considered as a single race: or. at
least, that their culture i3 a single cul
ture, which at one time was found in
both the northeastern part of the Old
World and the northwestern part of
the New World."
Heretofore the dwellers of the Arctic
region were believed by many scien
tists to be the oldest existing race and
to be of pre-glaciil origin.
ST. LOL'IS, Dec. 23. — St. Louts wool, nomi
nal. Medium %m.&<is. combing and clothing.
17fxlSc; light fine. 15(gl7c: heavy fine. 12Q
14'>.c; tub washed. 2C*K»lc.
St. Louis Wool Market.
CHICAGO. Deo. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
12.00O. r Market 10c and 15c higher. Good ta
prime steers, $r><ho 75: poor to medium. ?3 40^3
4 0l>; s-tockers and feeders/ SI 73Q4; cows. $1 M
CH! heifers. $2JN 75; canners. $1 JC©2 10;
Uuils, ¥2iJ-U calves, $^S3 ifiJ.
HOGS-- Receipts, 2S,0(.D; estimated to-mor
row. 23,0GQ. Market .">c and 10c higher. —.Mixed
and but-jhery, H 4."«g4 70: good to choice
heavy. $4 ."w- ( i4 'i7'i: rOUgli heavy. $4 3X04 33;
light. *4 l. r m4 SSi bulk of* sales, St 43@4 «O.
SKEKP — Receipts. 10,000. Shpep steady;
Iambs steady, tlocd to> choice wethers. $;J 50
fflA; fair to choice mixed. $2 73@.t 5O; western
sheep. $3 35®3 T5; native lambs, ?4<@3 70;
western lambs, 73^S 30. •
Eastern Livestock Market.
Theory That Inhabitants From
Across Straits Have 3Iin?Ied
With the North Americans
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— The cotton market
opened steady wtth a decline of 4 to an ad
vance of 7 points and cii«*?<i easy with a de
cline of 3 to an advance of 7 points. .
New York Cotton Market.
New York Stocks from one to three points higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds featureless and dull.
Silver and Stcrlni<r Exchange shoTV slicht variations.
11 heat in Texas reported dying from drought.
December Barley higher under a brisk demand from shorts.
H'cstern Corn offered to local millers at lower prices.
Oats quiet and steady. Rye stilt dull.
Hay, I' ced stuffs and Beans quiet and unchanged.
Jhttter. Cheese and Eggs plentiful and weak.
Provisions higher at Chicago and dull here.
L at tie. Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Cranberries firm and almost cleaned up.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables moving off well.
Turkeys open firm, but decline under liberal receipts.
Fresh Frmis less active, but steady.
EASTOX INFLUX A CAUSE
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Dr. Franz Boas Believes That
Natives of Bering and Green
land Are of Similar Origin
NEW YORK. Dec. Z.i— Values keep con
stantly rising, but no activity «>n the part of
buyers of dry ' goods is evident, but " rather
increased caution. Where sales are consum
mated they are at asking prices, and often
these figures are materially above what would
liavo been considered by the buyer a few daya
ago.
Nczc York Dry Goods Market.
for. southern: Dried Ofcra. 12* *c per lb- Grten
Peppers SfS'e per lb: Mushrooms. 2€<B23e r*r
lb; Marrowfat and Ilubbsrd Squash. $10^12
per ton for round lots aad "-i@le per lb for
sacked.
Poultry and Game.
Trading in the Poultry market iras confined
almost entirety to Turkeys and all other de
| scriptions were dull. The market for dressed
' Turkeys opened firm with 2j<C-6c per pound
I asked for fancy prime stock, but as receipts
were heavy prices commenced to decline shortly
" after the opening and in the afternoon the best
stock could b*» obtained at 23§24c. while com
mon and inferior stock was bard to dispose
of at the minimum quotation. . Western chilled
and frozen sto«k was being marketed freely
at &Q23e and this* had a tendency to weaken
the marittt for Californlan. The exact re
ceipts of Cajifomian cculd not be ascertained,
but a conservative estimate placed the amount
- at about 2S0 tons. The market closed rather
weak with a heavy surplus unsold, and there
was little or no buying on speculative account.
as many dealers were holding -eft in. expecta-^
tion of a break in prices. Th^ expectation
will be realized if to-day's receipts are large.
j Live TurUjys were tn good demand for raf
fling and prices were steady under light re
ceipts.
; Supplies of Game were well np to requsre
! inents and prices were unchanged.
POt.'LTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 2C®26c per lb:
} live Turkeys. gOgge per lb; Geese, per pair.
¦ k'-Q- 23- Goslings. $21J2 25; Ducks, ?5 oOS« 50
S per dozen for old and ?7<g7 50 for young; Hena.
${ 30^3 at> for small and $3 5CMJ0 30 for large;
young Roosters. $3 30@ti; old Rccsters, $5@5 30;
Fryers. $oS5 3C; Broiler*. $i 50S3 for lars*
! and $3 3CX&4 for small: Pigeons. $1@1 25 per
'i dozen for otd and 52 25-52 5<» for Srjuabs.
GAiiK — Mallard Ducks. $3@4 per dozen; Can-
I vasback. $3--g4; !?prl?. 52 &Vg:i; Teal, tl 3O3
1 73; Widgeon. Jl 5««S2: small Ducks. $1 25.Jp
1 30; Gray Geese. $-J; White Geese. $l4?t 30;
Braat. $1 23 for small and $2 for larste; Honk
ers. $3 for large and $4 for small; English
Enlpo. $C; common. Snipe. $1 75; Wild Doves.
$1 25; Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 23 for
I Brush; Hare. $l@l 25. * "
MANY TRIBES
OF ONE RACE
.Ss. while here it was quiet with spot quoted
at ?5.
Iron clcseil at 4,0s .".J in Glasgow and jit" 42s
Od in MiddSesboro. Locally ir*n ' was un
changrtj. No. 1 foundry northern is rjuotp-l
at J15CE1C; tie. 2 foundry northern. SU'glj;
No 1 laundry s.-.uthern and No. 1 fouadry
s<HHhern soft, %l'l 5C®1*. .
$11 50- Cancel ?S 50 per ton; Ccke. $lt 3fM8
IS per ton in balk and SIS ta *aek»; Rociy
Mountain descriptions. Ill 43 per 2t«J0 lbs and
$12 SO per Ions ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: tar cases.
add 5c Ltr.3eed. 43c per RaHon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers* A\ $1 1C1S1 12: J-Ocot. 4lc Tor boile-i
and 42c far "raw: China Nut. 55@70c per sail"":
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels 33c for Ceylon and «5c
for Australian: extra bleached winter 3?«-rm
Oil Otic- natural winter Sperm Oil. «oc; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. «3c: natural Wbale
Oil 60c; extra winter strained Lard Ou. S>o:
Xoi t Lard Oil. 75c: pore Neatsfoot CM! 73c;
Xo. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil 43cr
dark Herring Otl. 43; : Salmon Oil S?c: bol.ed
Fish Oil 40c; rawtFIsh Oil. Zaci bci!«d Paist
Oil 33c; raw Paint OU. 33c. " ¦
COAL OIL, — Water White Coal Oil in balk.
15»4c- Pearl Oil la case*. 22c: Astral. 22c;
Star. 22c- Extra Star. 26c: EHa'se. 2Sc: Eocene.
23c- deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bu.k. lie;
in c"ase» 23»-c; Benzine in bulk, lie; In caa»s.
19 J*6-degree Gasoline, tn bulk. 21c; la
ca.-es 27V>c. . ,
TURPENTINE — SOc per ((alien in cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AMD WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. C*?&
7c p«r lt>; White Lead. C^^Tc. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows. p«?r lb fn ICO-lb ba^s:
Cub«s A Crushed and Fine . Crushed. 5.C3c:
Powdered. 5.30c; Candy Granulated. 5.30c: Dry
Granulated fine 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 4Cc; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Eeet Granu
lated eiCC-Ib bars only> 5.20c: Confectioners'
A, 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.tCc;
Gotden C &90ej "D." 4.7Cc: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 23c more; boxsa. 3Cc rr.ere; 30-lb
bas* 10c more for all kinds Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.90c: boxes. 6.13c: H. i- E. Crystal
Dominos S.40c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrets or its equivalent
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL THURSDAY. DECEMBER 24. 1003.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
BAGS— rtrain Bags. 5#5*;.e: San Quentln.
5.C5c: Woo! Bass. 32@3Sc; Fleece Twine. 7*±S
Sc • ¦ ¦
COAL— Wellinston. $S per ton; New Wel
lington $S: Seattle. $<5 50;. Bryant. $t> 50; Bea
ver Hill *5 5»>;. Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7;
Cocs Bay $5 50: Greta. *7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond $7 GO; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
814 23 tn sack*: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lamp,
y General Merchandise.
Th».- prewar? continue* high over the west
ern half of the cotjr.trx- No rain ha» fallen in
California, but ligSt rain la reported la the
mountain* of Arizona.
Tne tetcperature ha« remained n»ar!y sta
>t:««ary en tb* entire Pacific a!op* and con.li
uc=* »re favorable for h'avy frcsts In the in-
Jterior Thursday morn*?.
H!j!i north winds' are blorriag- la the Sierra
and, in the valley r.t the OoloraJo.
Forecast made at t?an Francisco for thirty
bt:ttTB etwiirar roSdai^ht December 24:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; brisk
north winds,
gomh-m Ca'Ucrs'a — Fair TBur*Say. becom-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND CEXEHAL
FORECAST.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . THURSDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1903.
14
HUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
lC~7i^Xv7lA££C~ttczl~E*i*te and Business
Aser.t (established 14 years). 20% Kearny
«.. rooms 'J and 10.
A— J1CC0 COFFEE saloon and i^estaurant on
the water front, close to Market et.; daily
receipts about $65; business clearing $300
per month; trial given; a splendid offer; in-
vestigate at once. See R. G. WILKE. 26Va
Ktarny st. '
A— $3S0O; HOTEL' and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Pc'.rit Richmond: rent $100; rooms always
occupied by timployes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
company; owner ne\"er clears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2U% Kear-
r.y st.
A— flSCO; HALF interest In one of the best
corner ealoans on water front: lease; dia-
eirreement of partners cause of eale; will
sell whole for ?34OO. Call R. G. WILKE.
1'CVi Kearny St.
A — $12tO; CORNER t-alorn on Fourth St.. close
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good paying business. S«e
R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny et.
A— $SOc; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value in sight.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et.
A— J12CP: COFFEE saloon and bakery; clow- to
Phelan building; a good paying business.
bu». must be sacrificed on account of owner
being sick In hospital. Particulars, K. G.
WILKE, 26H Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
In Monterey County, with 5 acres of land.
dwelling house, slaughter house, chos fix-
tures, boiler, tank, etc.; 8 horses, wagons'
ard a well ettabllthed trade; this is a nrst-
class business proposition. All particulars.
It. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy Et.
A- $;NX»; CORNER «aloon. about 1 block south
of Chronicle bldg.; established years and a
nrst-claES payiCff place; fullest Investigation
solicited; this '.& a very rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2<3!4 Kearny st.
A— W/Ki; GENERAL merchandise store about
€0 rr.iles from this city; a well-established
and f.rst-class paylne business; yearly sales
about $15,00O; all cash trade: a very rare
chat:re. Particulars. R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny tt.
A— JJ.'iOO; DELICATESSEN store with lunch-
ro<-m: rent $20; a good paying business:
larjre stock; owner clears at least above ex-
penses $12.") r«er month; elcknees only cause of
sale. R. G. WILKE. 2<i',4 Kearny st.
FOR sal* — Beautiful and Dlctur»sAe health
and mimir.er resort. 2 hours' ride from 8.
F., 20 minutes' ride from depot; has 20
acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flow-
ers: beautiful groves: 32-room hotel, with
cottage d2 4 rooms, all furnished; necessary
outbuildings, dajice pavilion, bar. bath-
houpe.«. lake for rowing; raises own veg-
etables, poultry and hay; 2 horses, buggies,
bus. Jersey cow and calf, chickens, bar flx-
tur«s. biliUrd table, new upright olano: 3
years' Ira*, at f.VX> per year, can get longer:
rtr.e miners! sprir.es; will cure many di!»-
eas-n: tTioney in •verythlr.it on place; round
tr-.r> Sundays $1 50 from S. F. : death cause
of sal*; jir!<-<" $22.V). CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.
WANTED- Partner. "$5C0: established com-
pl'xlon treatment, manicuring, hair draw-
ing rcrlnrs- swell location; everything first
cla**: dilnc hlg bu«mea«;. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Kfl.iy «t.
FOR na!**— n.?st litti- restaurant In city; rent
M.'i: centra! : rerei^tn ?.T5 to *4O day; m«»t
>«v- town: pr:c» tl2TO. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
FOR Mle or trade — Quartz mlne;flne prospect:
located !n Ca!. ; quay* f40 to %'i0 tnn; trade
for r'rr.'g h<-.ijs<« or business. Cameron. H Eddy.
A— TO buy or eell a business or real estate,
city or country- cal! on us: be*t facilities of
any firm in California; all classes of prcper-
tlce har.dled: lodging- houses a specialty.
Central Busir.ena Agency, WW Market st.
A— $450: ealocn: gocd locality: reat $20: 3 liv-
ing rocrr.s. Central Acencjr, P93 Market st.
I WILL buy a restaurant in a gocd business
location: don't care what the trade is at
frosent ?s lcng as !t Is In a location whfre
businiS' can b? worked up: state location
and lowest price it can be bought for: no
othtr pnsT.-trs noticed. Addro.'S ox 2S29,
Call cffc.e.
A— ftSCO: CORNr:^ grocery and bar: 0 living
rooms: fuil vmtcc m stock; present owner
tliere fcr ye2r»; nelll^g on account of other
business In the country. Central Business
Agency. 90;t Market Et.
INVEPT In Redding Gold and Coppr Mining
Citr.riny'* «tock; 2S«* p*r »}ixr». fully gijur-
ar.te*<l. with a flr*t mortgage. 6 p^r cwif.
Kt-yegr gnM houd: mining properties and
water rich'* in Shasta. County. Cal. Write
r.r cal! Safe fVj>o*;t huildfng. Ran Fran-
cisco.
WANTED — Partner with $1500; lady preferred:
moving plc'ur? ar.d vaudeville bualneoe;
handle yew own money; low rent; long
ieas»*. ic opposition : stand Investigation. Ad-
dress box SS3. Cal! office. Oakland.
WILL i>el! 15T0 tharts Central Eureka, stock.
futur Creek; pays 2 per cent monthly, actual
product cf.mi:i: price 85 cents. 306 Pine
Ft., rcc.tr. 4. ,
[U\T j °" »ny'hlng to r«ll or money t<> Invent?
Writ* ¦)« f-ir par'lrulars; agents everywhere.
Alt«d»ra lr"dtm»iii. Syndicate. 70S Market
»t.. t 9n Fr«r.<-!Rrn, Cal.
KOR rale — Dental practice, eetabltsbed 0 year*.
Instruments an<3 furnished house of 7 rooms,
JliyX 1 : or dentai rr-ictice $500. Box 4S«2. Call.
WANTED— Partner tvith ceOO in advertising
burin-ps : chance to make money. Call 813
Van Nofs ave.. T> tc. •>.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant at a sacrif.ee; easy
terrr.f. C3» Pest St.
RESTAUKANT end fixtures muet be sold at
nnce. 134 Third st.
SHOE stor». 12 years' standing, for sale cheap;
rood repairing trade. p,ox .1627, Call office.
DELICACY tie liquor store, living-rooms; sick-
n«*s cause: at ccs.t price. 1.">C1 Devlsadero.
*4.'iO— PARTNER: <-stab:>he'd business, paying
about JCfOO ar.Tiuaily. Box 4SS7. Call.
$SCO WILL b-.:y dyeing and cleaning works.
f.'O Sac.-ampnto tt.. r.ear Kearny.
A BRANCH crflc* of Th» Call fcr the r«cep-
t!cn of advertisements and subscriptions has
l-een cnened at "iOOS Market tt.. oppoelts
Kffth. • Civ-, until 11 r. m.
i I.ODOIXCi-IIOlSF.S FOR SALE,
|E*tjth:i»'/>»d elEhte^n year*.
|\V» win »ell nny house
MAHTON Ion rhe inetJiUment plan.
GRIFFIN. ji:iii!|r,en«- — Is — Booming
jCall. wrl*" or phone uii
)tnr biz fr»» ll«». of houses.
(Title nh«tract furnlched fr»«.
iBwim too. fTTamlner Htilldlng.)
I Phnn» Rlnrlt .W)7. Take •ItrvatOT to 4th floor.
Corner -T<1 and Jlfarket nt».. Pan Frandsco.
0 rwrr.m tn O'Farr»1l: SWIO; reduced to $4S0;
r»nt |4<»; a w»II fnrrlnhed snap.
100 ronrrn; r.r«t-<-!a*»i family hot^l: sll tno/1-
•tt» rnnver:'er.r«»: rulslne and nervlco np^sHal
floor.
CT, ro"!n«; new an>l nnodern huilrllng: "filendld
fiirnlphlntu; r.-yesr lease; cleam $*M> month.
21 room*: hlch-toned trannlent corner ho«*««:
n btorks of Market: clear* ll.'.O to tVA
moTith.
T.I rnn-m: rnrn»r hoii»». nnrth Market; rWJnrwi
to $22W>; ternm one-half down and Insmll-
meTitn. ot will "exchang* for smaller hoiis*
or resl e B tate
JR roorrn; corner; r! hlorV-« of Market* $l.""0;
rent $7K. • govvi. honest lodelnz-hnu»».
RO room*; new and modern: eitTa fine f-jrnlnh-
Inc*. hot "^ater ln~ every roo*n; v*ry it^peiij
?1WV» to $2000 !n cash n«ceaRary; lea*e,;
<•!•»« *I7O.
?A room»: n»w boo**: new furnlohlng*; rent
flOO; R*ver« «!ckr.eg« redi»ced the pr!c« to
$r.nno
23 rootrn: near Turk snd Marker; rent finrt;
clesrw fUS month; tl7Cl; c*ntra.l: *«*y
S7 room*: furnl«hed corgeo«»ljr In velvet «n»I
h'rdaeye maple; new; r>-year lease; hie profll.
K2 room»: ?.V>C>: rent f22T>; K'iar»nt»«<i »o b*
clearing $"50 month «hov» all «*xpe4iF»«; r»-
»riects""i' 1 : r..ypar ir-ase; nno corner hntin*.
2« roorr.f; $1250: great bargain; rnnut sail;
rent $'•<*: Tnll of people; oulet hou*»
E2 room*: correr *.rnrtment-hoo»» In spacloii*
Kroi'lld*: rent l\'2H: cl^iirn $200: well fur-
nlshed.
M rooms; ftOCO: rwell «?a.rtments; 4-ve«r
Irase; up t.* d»tp : new hoi:**: onylng hlg
dividend* ~ -;¦
in ronrn* >n fir* cro"nd«: lar?». «unll». m«n-
f»ion: magnificently furnlshcl; now clearing
H.~.i>. death ra»» ot *ale; hoardlnir-hotiiuk.
R."l-j-oom hotel with »mr; rtolre r»j*hlng hu?1-
reEF; oak anJ cherry furniture; worth f 10.-
0C0: Will »=ell for $nr.CO : d'.ctnliitinn «f DArt-
p*r«ifc!u-
l«-rootn rl'-Vtip: » holiday cift ff- »ome r)e-
nervirc lTdy; jrice S5W» cash: » resD*ctable
hnt;M c'.eurine S/.« monthly.. .
1R room*: S51W»: trinslent hou*». n»sr Mar-
ket; goo-} condition: mry terro»: make* much
f?Kt.T» W.4\TEn M4>-B— r< "' fl " T "' << i
A— MURRAY & READY. 'cM-tSB Clay st.
Phone Mala 8S«. .«..„._
Soo^Men'work. CO.OfO Men Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
LOOK. ., K
German or Scandinavian ccck and WOT no-
tel. $50 and found.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
5 cooks, $•;*>, fin. S50. $HO anil found.
BIG LUMBER COMl-'ANY.
"> crosscut .-utwyers, bosa here.
25 farm hands.
DON'T FORGET-*'.). r .^ r . r ,^- T .
ARIZONA TO-DAY PR £^J3
Steady jobs; 2 years. BIG \\ AOFte-
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chou wood; tools found.
NEW R. R. WORK.
1J5 Italians or PortueufS\ $U0.
1M Greeks cr Spaniards. $00.
155 Austrians or Mexican*, $S0.
LAUNDRY.
Ironer, laundry, south. $15 week.
CATHOLIC CHURCH.
Sexton, young or middle- aged man. $23 founo.
MURRAY & READY. iSllSfiClajrtt.
6 GRAVEL miners. BOSS HERE. $73.
LOOK.
Baker, Institution. $40 anrl found.
Paker. city, bread, cake. $W.
Teamster and wlf»\ ranch, fare 81: boa«
h»r#. $50 and found.
SIGN PAINTER; S boys learn trades.
Choreman. institution. $25 found.
LOOK.
Blacksmith, tool sharpener, mine, |30.
Blacksmith's helfiT. mine. $»57 50.
0 vineyard prunem, $26 found.
GOOD JOBS.
12 two and four horse teamsters. $C7 30 ana
$73 per month; good Jobs.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
WANTED — Young men to sell toys. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
crtlnpeolc sho a s. $3 50; best shoes en earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doora from Market.
WANTED— For XT. 3. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and S3:
good character; must speak. r?ad and writ*
Er.gilsh; marines uerve at sea on men-of-
war In a'l parts of the world, on land In our
Island pcrf'slon! and at naval stations In
the United St3tes. Apply *at recruiting of-
fice. 40 E:ii!> st.. !?an Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K st.. Sacnirr.ento. Cal. •
WANTED— An experienced yourx man as
stenographer for the country. Call or ari-
dress Pacifl-- Portland Cement. Co.. room 510,
Rlalto buildlne.
WANTED— An all around tcckblnder: on» vch>>
can do farward:ng and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL. & CO.. 741
Market St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know>
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, ha*
added ICO new rooms to the D»nver House.
217 Third St.; 2T>0 rooms; 23c to 50c per nigh:.
PALMER HKNDRIKSON. formerly of S-atf.e.
Is earnestly requested to Tcrite to his sorrow-
ing mother or ccme home.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRI3. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years' practice: references from thousands of,
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BARBER ?hop—^Cheap; two chairs; rent $3.
41S Larkln st.
BARBER: fine place fcr married mn; If you
have not $13O don't answer. Box .1607. Call.
FCR sale cheap: 2 barber chairs, 2 mirrors and,
pole. Apply 346'i Seventh, cor. Harrison.
MKN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe; *Isi-> rre»n
hands for whallrgr. HERMAN'S. 22 East it.
PENSION Rtty.. E. A. BuIMs. room 40. Pheian
bldg. Past Com. Geo. K. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRT have a large stock of
new and second-hand «ho*s; cheap. 239 :{<1 st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Ma^
ket — 700 roorrs: 35e night; reading room*;
free 'bus and basgage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH of«c» of The Call for th^ rec»rtUvi
of advertisements and subscriptions has lw«u
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open unYil 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoe*, slightly damaged, halt
price. S63 Mission »t.. bet.^lst and 24 sts.
GFT your shoes half soled while waitlntr: 2Tj"
to BOc. 5C! Mission st..- bet. 1st and 1M st*.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
MILK wagrn. $50: box wagon, $33: top wa-
gon, $30; buggy. $10; cart. $15. 7'J City llaii
ave.
FOR sa\~ — Handsome trap. ch?ap. Address
box o759. Call offlce.
FOR tale — 3 young horses; stogie cr double.
Apply 9C3 York st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping *i<oj
•sd go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission »t.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckhd. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlnir horses. 13th-V»l#a^i»
HOUSES TO LET.
'A— PRINTED list of house* to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage o?
this department: it will save you time ani
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-233 Geary
it., en the square.
NW. CORNER Goush and Bush— Fine resi-
dence. 11 rooms and bath. Full particulars
MADISOX & BURKE.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN' & HOWELL. 23 Post st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Case containing diamond ring and stud,
between Hayes and Devlsadero, Scott aivi
Fulton. 1208 Fulton st.; liberal reward.
LOST — Tuesday afternoon, unfinished lace-
handkerchief, silver thimble, pair of scissors
and bralo: reward. 460 Castro it. ¦
LOST— Fox terrier bitch; tag No. 1903. Re-
turn Signal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones st.
LOST — Small bay horse: reward. NEU-
M1LLER. 3 City Hall ave.
LOST — Female cocker spaniel: collar with li-
cense. 29CO Pacific ave.; reward of $30.
LOST— Red Men's badge. Inscribed "Pohonache*
Tribe No. 10"; return 2213 Hyde St.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that tha California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch caaea.
31EDICAL.
MRS. DR WIETH, specialist for all feaaal*
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience: removed to 8SB Post st.
MRS. DR KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant r—
lief guaranteed. 1CO8% Market St.. opp. 3th. -.
VALPEAU'3 female pills; best ¦ regulating pii:» *^
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $3. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Eroadway. Oakland.
DR. O. W. O' DON NELL— All who are stck or
In trouble consult thla specialist on femal*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult eases treated:
adTlce free. Offlce. 101S Market st. ;
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Xes«— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10: hours. 10 to 8: 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladle*'
(pecialist: a private homo before and durtn*
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2C9.1 Folsotn St.. corner
28th; ladies, relief or no fee: $10 t
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 112C Marlct »t.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Poweil St.. opposlt*
Unlo-j square : all dlse«s»« cured by herr><.
MISCELLANEOUS FOB SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hsnd machinery. MilN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-19. jremont iw
DOE3 TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte: In rolls eaiy -» «T.
needs no paintms or costing: good over oia
Ir-n. tin or ehlnsrles: best for n«w roofa,
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. i!3 Market »C
rD-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shaftine. etc.. etc. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 150-1.2 Bealo tx.
A-FIne rolts. $7 80; dress pant* $2 :5a Origi-
nal Mlarlt Clothing Parlors. 2J» Kearny St..
near Bu«n: cpen to 9 P- m.. Sunday to noon.
A Buys, sells or rents sear machinery. •»-„ A
fines, boilers, water pipe, shaftln*. pulleys. .#
etc. WH1TELAW. 25->2C3 Spgar st.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly csed. sold at cost:
new Underwc-od visible typewriter catalog
•ent fre*, R. E. Revalk A Co.. Eaa Frapclsco.
TRT oar men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair:
foot-form iihoes at $2 30; w» pay. express
charges. It 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog tree.
FOR sale — A fine young great Dane doc 13ZI
Mission st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES — Continued
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 4lfl
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518 s *.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best h-»lo at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estali. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN wishes Dosition as cook; French.
Spanish or Italian cooking. Address 17J7
Hyde st.
ELDERLY woman wishes a position as a
housekeeper. 138 Fifth st., between How-
ard and Mission.
WANTED — Work of any kfnd during day by
Protestant woman. Call or address 273
Stevenson at. "*
LADY wants a situation as companion, house-
keeper or governess in or near Ean Francisco.
Box 3006, Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan A Church »t».
WANT ads and subsciiptlona taken for The
Call at Kntnns Ilazaar. f.33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
WANTED — Permanent position by two broth-
ers, college education, age 21 and 23: cannot
accept without sure chance of promotion and
good pay; have care of large family; have
. worked In oil and lumber, in real estate of-
fice, and book atore; work Jointly or separate-
ly; best references. Address A., Call offlce,
San Jose, Cal.
Al ELECTRICIAN; 10 years' practical experi-
ence In -electric light and power plant of high
voltage; installing, setting up and all repairs:
wants position as superintendent of small
company or as electrician with construction
company: 2 years' technical training; best of
references. Box 3G.TS.- Call.
A SOBER Swiss commercial traveler, speaking
and writing English, German, French. Ital-
ian, Spanish, Is looking for a situation; best
references given. Offers to box 4541, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as doctor's driver
or coachman; first-class driver and A No. -1
references; reasonable. Box 4544, Call offlce.
GERMAN, 35, stranger In city, will give $5~for
Information by which he may procure work of
some kind. MEYER, 323 Grant ave.
GARDENER wants situation; flowers, vegeta-J
bles; single; age 34. Box 4543. Call office. ,
FIRST-CLASS cocks, man and wife; 'country
hotel, mining camp or large boarding
house; wife can do any kind of work. Box
3ti31. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS northern barber wants flrst-
class Job; state wages. Address box 3C44.
Call offlce. »
WANTED— Position as coachman; understands
milking and anything pertalnln? (a the care
of horses ami rows: must h^ve place at once;
re'e? elites furnished. Box 4533. Call office. ¦
WANTED — B»' experienced man, position hs
gardener on private place; understands flow-
ers, vegetables,, fruits: can milk; grocfm: best
of references. Box .SS6, Call office. Oakland.
; BY mlddlt-^aced mnn nnd wife (English) situ-
mini'j with private family r<r ranch: late
*t«>w»ril njul »l*iv»nlM« on ship: reference?.
A<lrirf>«!» A. TUCKKR. 210 East st.. S. F.
DENTIST— Intelligent younj man. desirous ot
learning profession, w|sh?s position in dental
office. Box 3608. Call office.
WANT position in butter or cheese factory;
1.1 years' experience I In New York State.
Address box 4SSS. Call. . .
! STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kind: can drive and care for horses.
Box 3C11. Call office.
YOUNG man not afraid of work; 4 years' ex-
perience as grocery clerk, with good recom-
mendations. Box 4S02. Call.
COOK in a lunchhouse or coffee saloon. T.
SOTO. 1525 Powell st.
GOOD barber seeks steady employment.
BARBKR. 1104 Face St.. city.
JAPANESE high school student wants, position
as school boy: S2 per week. Call on or ad-
• drcts by letter H. MOTOj 80" Polk et.
YOUNG Chinaman wishes . position at cook.
AH SING, fl2l Dupont st.
CLASSIFIED • advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch offlce. 220O Flllmora.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hu been established at 1099
Valencia st. ,
DENTISTS.
DR^GRUSS~504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing* drilllnB and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
cali at office^
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
vruiranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 SO; fillings, 60c;
plates $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
j[ ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth (150 up; crowns ?2 up;fllllngs 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c ; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pal n ; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
iHikssslaTcerFXxp^e^istiiksses
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
~ ' EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER &^reem^nT^Caflfornla~Business
College moves the first of the year to its
new home. 901-925 Golden Gate ave., occu-
pying 18,000 square feet, the entire top floor
of the new Pioneer Automobile bids., oppo-
fite beautiful Jefferson square; every modern
idea for health, comfort and progress of our
etudenta; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies larger space than any
other two business colleges on the coast;
•write at once for our 75-page illustrated
catalogue, giving full information about our
25 c«r cent removal discount. Address 300
Larkln gt. _ jL \
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
quarters 50 per cent; other schools are mov-
ing farther out to secure cheap rent: our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages in securing positions, also
convenient car service; experienced business
men as teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing: Gregg shorthand (used in half the
schools In America); typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1230 Market st.
AYRES. the leading fcuGineas college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established 18 years; life scholar-
ship, $50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogua
free. >
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing! established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.. j
between* Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes arc now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, lay and medical colleges;
ref., PreMdf nt Jordan or any Stanford pr°f>s-
sar; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON~ School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
West: 12 teachers: send for catalofrue. Na-
• tive Sons' bide., 414 Mason *t.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
Etructton. Write for illustrated catalogue^
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park,
Berkeley, bearding school for boys under 15.
BRO. GEXEBERN. Director.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Post
St.. K. F. ; a nractlcal school of engineering,
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thur-'day. Saturday. Sun-
day evrs.; Teiitoni.i Hall. Howard nt.. nr.
'tnh. Prof. Fostrr; society dancins taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, rain., mech.. sur-
; vey, assay, cyanlds: day. ev. ; est. 1S(14. Van
der N.-illlen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
I SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
< PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... : Night clasa.
ARITHMETIC. bnokkeeplng.gTammar. writing.
1 etc. ; dny or eve. ; $5 m o. 1C24 Mission, nr.Cth.
A WEEK'S news for .', cenU— The Weekly Call.
IK page*. In wrapnen for mailing. $1 per year.
PSMPI^OYMKjnrj'OFKICBS. ¦
GEORGK AOKI. 421 Post Tc; tel.. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chine** employment office: - fur-
. nlshes b»»t help; contracts for farm help, etc
A T£ RPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 42fl Powell. Tel. Main 0732.
THEi CALL !
J02H D. SPBECKi:i.S. _ Proprietor.
iTcns CcEEEaJgtBtTicTQWgciADEHT. Kaiagsr
W. J. MARTIN" Business Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Afk fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the D»partrr.er.t You Wish.
Publication OfSce Market and Third. S. F.
Ccitorial I'.ook§ 217 to 221 Ftevenson st.
*V::v»-r*<3 by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. "
Cts. Per Month. Sinple Copies 5 Cents.
Ttrrr.s by Mail. Including Pcstace (Cash W ith
Order) :
1>AILY GALL (lr.clud. Pund.i-V 1 year. .$?•<%
J^AILY CALL dnrlud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.O<.
XVMLT CALI By Ping'.e Month <^c
FT-.VPAT CALL. 1 Yfar 2.R0
WKEKLT CALL. 1 Year V. 1 ,
rnT , r . r% , f Dally... $S. SO Per Tear Extra
£255?,? J BttBoVr- * 15 Per Yrar Extra
>>OS. AGE. ( weekly.. 1-00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
B»c.ple Ccples will be forwarded wnen re-
quested.
Mail *ut*er!ber» In .rrierlng eh*rig* °* •£;
dress *hou!d be particular to cive both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to in»y« *
prcrr.pt and correct compliance witn tneir re-
quest.
IWS Broa.wa^^^T^^cne Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFtCE:
tl'S Cer.ter Street Telephone Nortn 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SfORTCN E. CRANE 140C G Street. N. W.
NEW YOHK NEWS STANDS:
"Waldorf - Astoria Hot^l; A. Ercntwo M
Tnion Square; Murray H'H Hotel: Fifth-*Te~
aue Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News
Northern Hotel. Tremcnt House; Aud.torium
Hotel; Palmer Houat-.
CHICAGO REPRESF-NTATn'E:
C GEOIiGE KROC5NEPS. ..Marquette BullG S
<Locg Distance Telephone. •¦Central 2619. I
NEW YOKK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOFK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Equar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of t^e Sa^ Francisco
Cc!:. ~>mer Markrt and Third streets; open
cnt:i 12 o'clo~k every nisnt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
CTT Montgcmtry street, corner Clay; open un-
til 'J-.ZO p. m.
SCO Hayes Ftrert; open until 9 p. m.
C» McAllister street: open until 8:30 p. m.
#U5 Lerkln Btreet: open until 9:20 p. m.
1941 Xlaatoa street; open ur.tll 10 o. m.
r2fl Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
octll 9 p. m.
ICC E:«?v»nth street; rpen urtll i» p. m.
\Wr, Vaiencia rtrert: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast rcrr.er Church tnd Duncaa streeU:
Korthtract ccmer of Twenty - secosd ana
Kentucky nrprts: open ur.til 9 p- ro-
r?eO FiHrrcre street; open vr.VA 0 p. ni-
MEETING .NOTICES.
ORIENTAL E-cair.pmerrt No. B7. I. °.;$V>53
0 F.— OfScrrs ar.,1 Patriarchs wW V^*
aEr.^-^b'.e &' Encjiinpmer.t Hall at /\
1 :20 p. m THIS DAY (Thursday). X \
to atten-* the funeral of l'atr-arch H. A.
PCTZMANJ*. t p AVILLIAMS . c. P.
A. HOVEY. Her. He<-.
TKiIka U'J<r.a Lr«JB* No. IS. L
. . F Otaccrs and members
ere hereby rctif.f>0 that IMge
w:j; meet TO-NIGHT <Tt>urslay> "T? 1^*
f 7 JO o'ciook. FRAKK KUL'LU N- G.
CHAK. A. WISrWELL. P.ec. Sec.
MAGNOLIA L.5dge No. 23. I. O O. fo
F — Th* r^ntral detai' wi!>. meet i»j*»»j>;
:r. cur lndr« room THT3 TH U US- "^fSSj^?
IjAY "at 1 :30 p. rr.. to attend
the '"ur.eral of «^i:r late brother. H. A. PUTZ-
MAH. SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
TTIK Sm Francisco Sc>?Me>. Thistle . C7 >j.
<•!:), nwls THIS iTHb'RHDA Y) $, f%Ol
EVENING, Fmtfraity Hall. :S
O'Ferreil st.. »t 6 o'clock. "Smo- TS =Z7>»
ker" fellows. Distributicn of tickets fcr Hog-
manay party.
GEO. W. MILLER. Hoyal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATKH3OX. Itscorrier.
THE annual meftlng of the stockholl»rs of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
ru«co, Cal.. will be hell at Us •banking
reuse. -Ml Montgomery street. San Fran-
cisco. Col., en Tuesday. Jarrjary 12. 1904.
>t 3:15 p. m.. fcr th» elation of directors
to eerve dur'.rg the ensuing year, aad for |
the transaction of sucti otter business at.
may ccoie befcre the mert'.r.p.
CIEOK1E -IRAUT. Sec.
5»n Francisco. Dec. 12. 330;'..
AGENTS W ACTED.
AGENTS — An e«T.cy for a proptaitlatl that i«
a <J^cid^<l inprjKX»c! on huiHing ar.<i ,'nin
:m worth bav.ne. 'Ir^at W%H» i u [mpror*-
rr.+r:* <~^mp«nv. Parr'-'t botiditut.
ATTO?.%CVS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER,
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Itio-e Sjuth 1iZ.
Suite 321*. Emma Sr r °ckpls boildlsg.
Divorces quietly ard iepally obtain*^ for
eight cauees; damages ?ecur»-<l for injuries to
person or rslate: rerl^vins for prcp^-rty •jn-
l«wful!y d.tair.od: attachments and sarn'.sh-
ments for d-bts; bcr.ds furniRheS: bankri:r>tcy
{^oceedlr.gij: wiils probated; • states settled:
oollections ras<i«- in all parts of the U. S.
A PJUVATEL qjicl; d.vr>rce for a Ftr.al! f^e.
S»>e m* and s»v» mnrwy: no pay in advance.
<i W. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Rstablish^i 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. S. 4 & ,V*lst P..
5122 Market Ft.. l»tween Mason and Taylor.
Advice fret, ai! matters. Detectives employed
B W. KING. AUorasy-at-Law. Exam. bids..
6!h floor, entrance room Oil; f^tablishrd 2rt
years; all cases: eeneral court and office i
j>iactice; no Tee in sdvanc? or for ounFulia-
thm; fvcninfTS by appointment. T^l. U»<1 30C1.
ADVICE free — I will advance co^t In mpritcri-
ovs casfs. divorces. prcbat» and all o'.her low
cares; no foe* In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M, THURSjON. 8:*J Ma'kei st., r. -H.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Acrn«*y.
Room 85. 016 Market Ft.: UL John C228.
DIVORCE <-o«ts $12; open rven'nps: fnan'j
<-jec*.e<J. $5. 9J« Market. r.€2;phone Black (SSL
DIVOrtCE— r;o?ts. f'.2; nuick. TJiet: advlc-
frce; open CTCTingK, C27 Market Ft., r. SOI.
L. S. CLARK. Eir.ma Sr,recUf>Is bklg.. 327 Mar-
Jcet ft.; consultation fror; no fees in advance.
ADVICE fr<»r; n« charge urkss successful; all
:«w bu«ir« - !'!'. W. W. Davidson. 1127 Market.
I1IIIDS. IKKis. ETC.
WaRBLJNG canaries, talking parrpts; au
k:n<Is of eoc; and farcy birds: co;dfli>h. seed
cajres. etc. Give u* • tnal: w« win pleasv
you. 154C Market St.
1IISI\!>S CIIAXCES.
STRANGERS. ATTKNTIOnT~~ ~ --
Are vou locking lor a fvafe ami profitable bus-
In^f.s cpenintf in San Frunci^coT If «o. we cbji
«-,ft>r you any nu!r.b»r reijuirin; kn Inve^tm«•IJt
(r^m $«C*j to {jO.WXi; e\er>' business oppoi-
tur.ity that parses through our offi^) must
rtaDd the closest lnveEtlgation. and wa caa
place you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or. In fact, any bUElne-ss you may prefer:
klndir ra.ll and Investigate.
¦GKRMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Bun 221. Emma, Sprockets building.
A~^ S TKR CENT MONTHLY.
c.n inverttnentr of ?l<0 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf ppoculatlon or gam-
fc'.inE acbeme.?bct a reputable, rstabllshed
»iusin«-'-s f-nterr'tise in San I'rancisco: cleared
SC.'.Wi* !aft y^ar on ?100.<X»0 raplial; stock
increased *20,<;o« to -nlarge the plant; call
or writ* for T'Hrtifuian'.
fiEHMAMA INVEST. CO.. :.'27 Market St.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENtTon! "
D*. >ru wish to rnlarse yojr business c ¦St
vou <Ji"*Jre u : :itl'.:;:-.l capital? If to. we caa
ta:-.«is-h you with an active or silent partser
xci.o will from Sl'K) to S50C0U- we
ha ¦«• a Isrs- ramlvr of A<virr.hW fippllcant*
cr our h<^.ks ««*kins: irix-xl tllMllinat op»n ! ncs
GEKMANIA IXVESTJIEXT CO '
Suit SSI. Emrai Hpreckeis building.
5"(\CCft nUQUlKED m bay cut partner In an
c!t1-cf!fcl>'i!shed ctimrr.l^firn house of oxcel-
i«-nt rump, with connections and elemrnts
that insuro tontinued fucccss: rrlncipaU
onlv. Address, witij rrfererccs, box SCI"*
Call. ;
CALI« and t»>e the lift of lodglr.jr hounds from
*i to 200 rooms: ch^sp rents: hotels, road-
!;ouscs. t>alo.->nK. rp*iaurants. groceries, livery
f-'.aWp* bnvtght crd wild and exchanged;
timrjcy loaned on chattels: mll!!ncry store to
rxchaage. EHJCL & CAHROLL. 212 Kearry.
ADVEKT1SKH. who is employed . by lar/re
ccrporatior., wr-uM like la meet party wj.o
wi!l invert JlfjOrt In rroDO«=Ition that will
clear $4000 In next JO tfays. Hex .~(j4:i. Call.
A— ¦WORKIVOMAN'S hoardinR-houw; E oort !o-
«*atlon: low "ent; i-teady boarders; no acent*.
LODGI X G HOUSES FOR SALE-— Con.
A CAMERON & CO.. Phor.e 1050.
3 Eddy *t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 r. ; grand modern apartment house;
beautiful building; elegantly furnished;
swell people; clearing $400 to $U0« a
month; i«ee this.
SO r. : rent $225; oak furn.: Brussels car-
pets; furn. 0 mo.; clears 5250 mo.: Vt
cash; sickness * 5< J00
-7 r. ; - rent $40; oak furn; good carps.; snap 3o<)
50 r.: new modern building: elegantly
furn.; long lease; cheap rent; Illness;
make 'offer.
14 r.; rent $75: oak furn.: clears $50 »00
7 r. ; upper flat; rent $50; well furn ¦*<»
125 r. ; first-class downtown house; 5 years'
lease; private baths; well furn; bargain.
9 r. ; rent $40; beautifully furn.: flat re-
duced • 450
22 r. ; rent $80: Nob Hill: well furn 2200
68 r. ; swell location; elegant building:
most luxuriously furn.; every modern
convenience: elegant halls; ' everything
up to date; called East by sickness;
a gem.
15 r.; Van Ness; cak. mahogany furn.:
bargain 12W
30 r.: rent $95; lease; well furn; clears
$100 ••• 2000
68 r. ; cheap rent: downtown; electric ele-
vator; electric lights; all modern equip-
ments; up to date; clearing $o00 to $100;
illneai.
12 r. : rent $47; oak furn: good carpets:
clean S" 50
10 r.: rent $40; furn.. carpets good: good
buy t0!) l
60 r. ; one of the most beautifully furn. of
the new modern houses; all full; clears
. $400 to $500; obliged to leave city.
C r. : oak furn.; moquet carpets: 4 months, sou
50 r.: cor.; oak furn : rood carpets; clears
$''50 4JW
72 "r. ; new and elegantly furn. family
hotel; swell location: rent $5 50 per
room: furn. 15 months: clearing $600
per month; will sacrifice.
22 r. ; rent $85: oak furn: clears $.5 1S0O
55 r. : rent $250: lease: well furn.: boarding 4750
46 r. : rent only $125: fine location; well
• furn.; part apartments: this house Is al-
ways full: clearing $250 to $300 a month. ¦
S r.;Vent $42: oak furn.: clears ?25 mo... .450
J4 r.: rent $*!5: first class: part cash 1400
56 r.: rent $225: new. 4 mos.; oak furn.:
clears $250 to $.°.G0 mo.: *i cash, bal ,1
per rent • ov^ 1
18 r.: rent $75: fine little apartment house;
12^ rent'$45; well' furn.;' clears $50.... 050
« r : upper cor. flat; good furn. carpets.. 650
11 r.: rent 50; furn. uood: clears $38; re-
34 r • fine "downtown house; money-maker 3200
21 r.': rent $S5: well furn. ; lease; clears
glOQ 1 <09
17 r • rent $70: Post; clears $71: part cash 1100
44 r.': cor.; rent $130: first-class money-
maker 300q
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap; 18 rooms in a One
location: Just furnished new: If you take It
quick a very low price will be made: don t
overlook this offer: there's nothing in town
to beat it. Apply H. S. RANSOM. 261 Geary.
FOR SALE— A BOARDINO-HOCSE: MEDIUM
EIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
T,nv nrcr TV THE CITY: LEAoK:
OWNER LKAVINGTOWN. BOX 2333.
CALL OFFICE. '
A— $3000: PRIVATPJ boarding-house, with 40
elegantlv furnlrhed rooms, on Van Nees ave.:
rooms always occupied and flr«t-cla»s patron-
age See R. O. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1100- 21 ROOMS: on Fourth near Market:
nicely furnished: clenrs $90: lease; cheap
rent KTTRKKA_JRKALTY fT> . 710 Market.
CORNER houseT^Trocma; renter of city; rent
$225- 5 vears 1 lease; clears $250 month, must
sell befo'rg January 1. Box 3640. Call office.
LODOIXG-HOCSKS WAXTED.
WANTED— A furnished lodging-house, about
4i)' rooms; not too far out: will pay cash;
state price and plvc location. Box .>636. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF Fr*<1 P. r>ann. noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
1112 Kdfly Kt.. nr. Octavia; phonn Scott 887.^
MPS fiLSIE REYNOLDS, materialising seance
Thursday evening. 50c. 328 Ellla st.
r v MILLER'S Christmas materializing se-
""ar.ee to-morrow morning 10:30, $1. 1084 Bush.
MEDIUM, card reader; ladles only: readings
2.1c up. 412 Vj T<-hama St.. bet. 5th and fitn.
EDWARD EARLE. 1062 Kills, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; iuwncew Sunday and Thursday.
AmYOYAWT8> .
A^PATTL DF.STTNE.
The Flr«t Registered Tranc* Cl»Jrv>y»J>t and
PalmUt Ever in San Francl»c«>.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Charg* No CharM
Unless you obtain th» Information tor which
ymi consult me.
J An hereby solemnly agree and iru»r*nt«« to
mak« no charge If I fail to tell your name. «o-
cipatlon «n<1 whut you called for; I promise to
tell yon If husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or faUe: tell who and when you will marry; In
fact. I will t»H "very hop*. f»>ar or ambition
N>H«>r than you can tell your»eifr I reunite th«
tw?P8ra««"l. restore lout affection*, cous* sp*««1y
8nd happy marriage. Klve yo" good luck, re-
store lost energy: 10 a. m. to 8 p. ro.; Sun. 2-8.
326 O'Farrell st.; low fee this week — $1, SI, SI.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and burin»»« medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. n»xt Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings an<l portray* events to
occur In tbe future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you win b« told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaranteed;
readings by mail. Tel. Black 45C8.
A LIVORNO.
The World-Renowned Palmist
And Crystal Gazer.
84 Kearny eU. over Hammersmith & Field's;
sen portrait of Mme. Llvorno and original
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
trance; 3 questions by mail. $1. Send month
and year of birth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; dont send currency; send postofQce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KR0NENBERG, palmist, clalr-
vcyant, card reader; when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave.
1IME. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary st,, near Mason, room 1.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L. Wlc, G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26V4 Kearny. room 20;- ladles, 23c; gents. 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Cth to 23 V£ eth: la. 25c, g. 60c.
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs. 11-12
gives names, datee. facta. Hours 11 to 9 p.m!
MME. MARSHA U. card reader; ladles. 25c:
gents. 50c. B45 Minna St.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44S^ Jessie st.. bet. Cth and Gth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
10 ragpf. in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year!
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: prlc- moderate
S. F. Cumpreyscd Air Cleaning Co. Call
building. Phone Main 5237. •
57JJEN you become illr.<iist<»d with your work
rend for SFAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 855-357 Tchama st. ; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beatlnc: mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 210.
WESTERN Carp»t Cleaning Works. ISO!) ilar-
Hsop st.: Al cleaning; :!c; tel. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. J02 Suttor st •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props!
UUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating worlca; prices
reasoncbl?. 17C3 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 203.
CO^ K i' IN ,' S Su^rior Carpet-beating Works.
."r.3 Golden Gate ave. ; teiophone Eart 120.
COLLECTION OK1«*ICKS~
PAD tenants ejected for S4:Tc^U?nT^nndV
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms H-10: tel. CiSO
CQEDIT CIiOTEIZXS. .
cTV. ADAMS~CO. "''"'¦ ~~~ r~~T~
SFECIAL CREDIT STORE. *
We clothe the whol»> family front hats to
fV.cs: everything up to date nt cash prices
Credit for a)l. 319 Mason st.
BUY your suits and overcoats at LICHTRN-
STF.IN BROS., 25 Stockton Ft., on small
weekly payments: eonds delivered on flr«t
payment. ¦
CXTOES BTTPTTJBE. ;
WHO DOKS ItT~HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send lor circular. Why will you suffer?
. . .¦ . Day and
Night class.
A NEAT LITTLE CELLULOID FIVE-FOOT TAPE HEASURE FREE
EXPEHT OPTICIAN.
GEORGE ~MATERLVi~GLAisES ere far su-
perior to all ethers for reading, working or
distance, weak eyes, poor sight, .leadache.
dizziness, nervousness, cloudiness of vision,
flratint; spots, rain In or about the eyes, be-
hind the head or in the tefnplea, eore or in-
flamed eye« or eyelids, watery, itching, smart-
ing, •twitching, scratching eyes, cross eyes,
gluey, crusty or heavy eyelids and many
cthfr eye troubles. Mayerle's classes are
' used by th; highest United States army, navy
and Government officials and most eminent
clergymen, educators, doctors, lawyers and
men who appreciate the soothing and strength-
ening effect of these glasses. GEORUF.
MAYERLE'S ETEGLAS8ES make an ex-
cellent Xraaa srift: sent by express: can be
tried before paying charges: German eye-
water. BOc. by mail C2c. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN. 1011
Market it,
TAC1AI. MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fine comp'exlon guar-
anteed, new method: BOc. M. LUTON. manl-
curlng parlorg. 7C4 Larkln st. : phone Polk 17.
FINAXCfAL.
WE have gilt-edge first mortgages for sale in
amounts $400 to $10,000. netting 6 per cent
interest: payment of principal and interest
guaranteed. FULLER & FRIERSON.
16CS Eighth st.. Oakland.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. VT. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanclal Agont. 322 Emma Spreckel? bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will ?ave you time am?
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department; lft us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion vou want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1030 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
LARKIN. l«lt: — FINE 5-ROOM FLAT: LARGE
YARD: DRY BASEMENT: FRENCH
RANUE: LAUNDRY: FINEST LOCALITY:
FURNISHED OR UNFURN. : A SNAP.
$27 B0— NEW. modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, lit Eureka st.. near Eighteenth.
TO LET KIRMSHEI).
S19 DIAMOND— Flat of 3 sunny furnished
rooms: hot and cold water.
FtnMTlRR FOR SALE.
FURNITURE for 4 housekeeping rooms, com-
plete, for sale cheap. 2411 Harrison st.
KIRMTIKE WASTED.
A — Hlghext price paid for fur.. carpets, etc. Mrs.
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
DURP. auctlcn«.er.lS13 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2758.
A. WOLLI-ERT. 77.1 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP , WAXTED— FEMALE.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter ft.
Delicatessen cooR, $30.
Cook. German style, no washing. $35.
Cook, restaurant, city. 535.
Chamberwork. private family. $10.
2 ladles' maids, eeamstresse*. $20. $25.
5 second gtrls and waiting. $20-. $23 and $30.
3 hotel waitresses, $23.
Second girl. Oakland, $30.
3 nurse girls. $20, $25.
'Parlr.r work and waiting. $3".
40 general housework giris. $20, $25. $10.
Appiy to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3:{4 Sutter.
LADY to tak? care of dining-room, institution.
$20 a month: a good home. CAL. EMP.
AGENCY. 50 Third st. "
A— "WANTED— Girls to learn halrdreaslng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
Jn 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; pcaitlons guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 23.1 Geary «t.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
jon; both seasons taught from start to flnUn
In 1 month for $10: positions as trimmer*,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stackton »t.. r- 1J.
A— LADIES to learn all branches fcalrdresslr.e
trade; menicuring. massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions securtd
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO/3
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1S.3
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
INDUSTRIOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co.;
genteel work: good compensation. Suite, 19.
Columbian building. 910 Market gt. |
WANTED immedlatel}- — A trustworthy woman
of fair education for business position: mar-
ried woman preferred. Box 3637. Call.
YOUNG or middle-cged woman to assist house-
work and child. Apply 43 Erosnan st.. near
Valencia. j
WANTED — A respectable young girl: light du-
ties: wages $15. Elsmere Hotel. 41S Sutter.
GIRL to learn typesetting on monthly: $3 50
per week at start. .*>16 Commercial st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Uarrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriatians has,
been opened at 1C0S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELI" WAXTED MALE.
AT.CAL^ EaiP.VAGBSCT.<»" ThW St.— Three
boilerniakers. free fare; 10 uamsters. $1 oO
* d8> ' WOODSMEN.
5 crosscut nawyers. $50 an<1 found.
Man and wife. logg!ns_camp. _
FARMER am! .wife. 5 13 and found; poultry
man $25 and found: cook for lunch kltch*n,
$50* German hotel waiter, and other?. J. F.
CRCSETT & CO.. t)?S Sacramento st. j
SAN FRANCISCO Employment Bureau, re-
moved to 27>«. Fourth st.— Wanted .'. flr*t-
rlass boWer-makers for south. $3 hO day; man
and wife for city restaurant.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 317 Stockton St.— Cook
«nall restaurant. $12 a week: broiler. $S.V
waiter. $10 week: dishwasher. $. week, eu.
A HOTEL GAZETTE. 2tt Montgomery, rm. 12
Elevator boy, reference. $1*.
WANTED — Men and women to l;arn the bar-
ber trade in the most practical colleges In
the United States; cheapest. Quickest and
most business-like method, for particulars
rail "r address Western Coll°ge of Barbers.
017 Commercial st.. San Francisco.
z i*
Tien to 1-arn the barber trade In two months
and ,ec««™«od positions: catalogue and IM
• ir.'ormMion mailed free. MOLKR System
Ccll>ce. 635 Clay st. -
WANTED— 50 boys to help deliver packages;
must brmg letters , from «««&, .42$^
tore 9 o'clock. PRAGER S DEPARTili.^.1
STORE. Marketjand^rones_sts : _
why cav bte prices to have your shoe* half-
™&S P tWr5u can get It done for 2fc^ Me
and CO* whne you watt »t »ra Ml mIob st..
bet. 1r' nnd 2d »ts.. or 11 Third St..
rpLW d &ff!^frr?J.K«7^» Montgomery.
man Address box M35. Call offlce.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a g"od
talker eazer to make money. F. FLKSUS,
BARBER wanted during holidays. 229 Fourth
street. ' ,
BARBER wanted for Christmas morning only;
|2. 52S Broadway. i
rnOTrbarler~Tnurhday and Saturday evenings.
C ggjfgnd Sunday mornlr.gs. 1415 Valencia.
BARBER wanted. 104^ Union Square art.
WANTED— A lunch waiter. C66 Fourth »t.
EXTKA waiter and dishwasher. MARTIN'S,
*15 Third »t.
•WANTED — Locksmith or vise hand. WIL-
LIAM GUTZMAN. 1706 Dwlght. Berkeley.*
TRY our men's shoes, onion made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair: foot-form shoes at $2 3O; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
BARBER shop— Price $60 if sold to-day; thl»
Is a bargain. 418 Larkln at. ;
BARBERS — 1-ehair shop for sale cheap. 238
East st.
BARBER for 10c shop. Call after 9 o'clock.
623 Clay «t.\ ¦ - •
BARBERS— 2-chair »hop for Bale: cheap. 1%
Polk at., near. Market. ,
To W&mit Advertisers i
Iii tine New Year's
Edition of The Call
OUT NEXT SUNDAY==
i A NEAT LITTLE
CELLULOID TAPE MEASURE
!¦¦:¦:. .;:, \y ¦ ... '¦ . -1 m .™-.»^ - * aS4 *'^ ' ' ' ¦¦¦'¦¦.'¦¦¦¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦¦ * . ¦¦: : ¦ '¦¦ . ¦¦¦¦-..-¦ ¦ ..-•..-...
For a thoroughly practical* useful article which will be taken
right into the home and will be absolutely sure to be appreciated
and frequently used, we highly recommend this tape measure.
Small and compact, light and strong, containing a five-foot tape
'which is controlled by a spring, it will certainly make a very use-
ful article for general use.
Offered Free as a Premium to Sunday
Call Want Advertisers omfly, aod can
be obtained in no other way : : : : :
Bring your little Want Ad. to THE CALL BUSINESS OF-'
FICE, Third and Market Streets; J008 Market Street, city, or to
THE CALL BRANCH at H18 Broadway, Oakland, and get one
of these useful premiums absolutely free.
This -Offer opens Friday morning and
closes Saturday night at 11 0 o'clock sharp
In These Columns You Can Sell Your Wares and Gain Your Wants.Potatoes that grow too near the sur
face of the ground, and are, therefore,
exposed to the rays of the sun. become
green in color. Sometimes only a small
gre«>n spot is seen, at other times the
green may cover most of the potato.
Such potatoes are harmful.
Kow Pong, a Chinese, who was sent
to the City and County Hospital from
his hovel !n Chinatown one week ago.
where he attempted to kill himself,
virtually ended his life by starvation.
He refused to partake of food from
the time he was received in the hos
pital until yesterday, when he died.
The body was removed to the Morgue.
Starved Himself to Death.
Men of influence are not the only
foreigners who receive the Sultan's at
tention. On the twenty-fifth aniver
sary of his accession to # the throne an
English tradesman who had long sup
plied tl.e palace with its cravats and
smaller sundries of raiment was sud
denly told that the Sultan wished to
know the man who had supplied him
with goods these twenty-five years. The
white-haired Englishman was dragged
from behind his counter, thrust into a
proper suit of broadcloth, and carried
to the palace as "fast as two fresh
horses could take him.'- He shook the
Sultan's hand with unrestrained en
thusiasm, expressing his sense of the
honor in such Turkish as he had
picked up in the course of trade. Then
the Sultan smilingiy expressed' his ap
preciation of the long years of
straightforward, honorable dealing,
and bestow.ed upon the shopkeeper
then and there the star of the Order
of the Mejidleh, first' class. — World's
Work. ' • v
Sultan and Haberdasher.
The police are actively employed at
the present moment in raiding those
wine shops in Paris where betting is
carried on. Innocent-looking wine
shops, these; and innocent looking the
proprietor as he stands behind the
bar serving out measures of thin red
wine, in his shirt sleeves. But his
pockets are full of betting slips, and
his cupboards contain betting books,
and the money passed over the coun
ter is more for betting than drink.
However, the police are a match fpr
the wine seller, and a match for even
less suspicious characters who secret
ly follow the profession of the book
maker. Recently, for instance, they
could not understand- why a certain
concierge received so many visitors,
and was so prosperous. Watched was
the concierge, and one morning he and
his visitors were searched, and the
usual betting paraphernalia was dis
covered. And our concierge was actu
ally attended by a valet and assisted
by a secretary. Among his clients
were a number of well-known and
influential people, and the servants
and small tradespeople of the quarter
deemed it an honor to transact busi
ness with so prosperous and distin
guished a concjerge. Unfortunately,
the fines imposed in such cases are
not severe enough to serve as a warn
ing, and it is hoped that a new law
will shortly be introduced which^wlll
deal sharply with the innocent-fook
ing wine seller %nd his fellow offend
ers. — London News.
The Betting Evil In Paris. .
The first report has been received
from the members of the expedition of
the Liverpool School of Tropical Medi
cine, which was sent to the Congo Free
State with the co-operation of the King
of the Belgians. Quarters have been
supplied in Borria. and will be provided
in Matadi and Leopoldville by the
State, and the local State physicians
have placed the native hospital, where
there are about ten cases of sleeping
sickness, at the expedition's disposal.
A missionary informed the expedition
that last year 4000 people died from
this disease in the district of Watken,
and it was stated that the depopula
tion of the country was feared near
Bundunda. at the confluence of th«
Kwango and Kassai rivers. Pest
,eamps have been established in various
districts, in accordance with the Gov
ernor's orders, and cases are isolated
in them under the care, of soldiers aa
they occur. The Government hopes
by these measures to check the spread
of the malady.— New York Commer
cial Advertiser.
The Sleeping Sickness.
tion.
They have not only gone through
the records of the department, but
have examined a number of* persons in
the department and in the bureau of
engraving and printing, which prints
the stamps, and have examined phil
atelists, including a prominent dealer
in this city, with a view to ascertain
ing the identity of persons who have
sold stamps to the dealers in those
articles. >' "
It has been the practice of the office
for a number of years to distribute
among department officials and other
prominent persons "specimen" stamps,
distinctly so marked to prevent their
use as postage, as an official courtesy,
and it is known that a large, number
of these stamps have found their way
into the hands of the dealers. The in
spectors are endeavoring to find out
who sold them to the dealers. The in
vestigation may be concluded this
week. — Washington Star.
The Postorflce Department is press
ing the investigation of published alle
gations that rare postage stamps have
illegally found their way from the de
partment to stamp speculators. Post
office Inspector Formes, formerly di
rector general of posts of Cuba and
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General
Bristow's chief assistant in the postal
investigation, and Inspector Williams
are in charge of the stamp investiga-
Postage Stamp Inquiry.
J. A. and Emily V. Marshall to N. R. Da-"
vidson. lot on E line of College avenue. 200
S of Dwight way. S 50 by E 135. block 3.
map property John Kearney, near State Uni
versity. Berkeley; $10.
State Savings Bank to Mary E. Astrue (wif»
of John C.V-lot on W line of Cyprens street.
65:9 S of -West Sixteenth. S 39 by W 78 por
tions lots 15 to 17. block 5S2A. Bagge Tract
Oakland: $10.
•Orpstes Pierce to Sally McKee Pierce, lota
78 to SO, block D. lands Oakland View Home
stead Association, portion Walsworth Tract of
100 acres. Oakland: $5.
Cittrens" Building and Loan Association to
Cordelia Harrison (wife of John), lot on SE
corner of Tyler and Calais streets. E .V) by
S 135 lot 12 block I. map blocks I. J and L
of Harmon Tract. Berkeley; $10.
J. S. and Amelia M. Emery to Irmandade
da Santlsslma Trlnldade de North Oakland,
lot at intersection of W line of Hollia street
with S line of plat 6. etc.. thence N 39:1. W
133. S 40 more or I«ss. E 103. being a sub
division of plat 6, Kellersberger's Map,
Ranchos V. and D. Peralta, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
M. E. Church Extension Society of Oakland.
Alameda and Berkeley (a religious corpora
tion) to same, same but third course, which
reads S-47 more or less, etc., portion block
17. map part plat e. Kellersberger's survey V.
and D. Peralta Rancho property, J. S. Em
ery, etc.. Oakland Township; $10.
Gustav Sonntag to Eline Sonntaff. ¦ lot on
N line of Allston way ICO E of Bonar »tre#t,
E 50 by N 14O. portion lots 17. 2O and 21.
block A, Bryant Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Alameda County.
H. B. and Susie L. Belden (wife) to Walter
B. and Florence Fawcett. lot on N line of
Hawthorne avenue, 69 E of Dwinells street.
E 34 by N 109.50. being W 32 feet of lot 13
and E 2 feet of lot 12, amended map College
Heights. Oakland; $10.
J. R. and C. M. F. Nixon to Visalia Rees.
lot on N line of Athol avenue. 64:6 W of
Newton avenue. W 32.5. N 123.24. E 43. S
125. being E % of lot II. block D. map Pe
ra'ta Heights. East Oakland; $10.
O. Schmidt (owner) with O. A. Craemer (con
tractor), architect William Koeni*— All work
except lumber, mill work, gas fixture, shades
and tiling for one three-story and one two
story Irame building on S line of Howard
street, 140 W of Fourteenth. S 120 by W 30;
$8500.
A. Schilling & Co. (owners) with John G.
Sutton & Co. (contractors), architect E. Kollo
frath — Heating apparatus for office building,
manufacturing warehouse and coffee roasting
buildings on corner of Second and Folsom
streets, NE 275 by SE 275; $2590.
Moses and Catherine Robitscher. to Charles
Marks. Iot3 36 and 37, block 41, City Land As
t-ociatii.n; $10.
Theodore and Catherine Richards to Pauline
Holm, lot on W line of Selgel street, 3^5 S of
Blaine, S 25 by W 70, let 413. gift map 1; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Horn hard and Rose Gets to - Bessie A. and
Lizzie S. McKillop, lot on S line of I street,
82:6 W of Forty-seventh avenue. W 25 by S
10O: $10r
John and Annie F. Fleming to Theresa C.
Horn, lot on K line of Alpine street. .".">» :5 l «
S of Ridley. S 25. E J>2:0\i. N 25:1%, W
bOAO%, let 10, JSlock 3. Park Hill No. 2; $10.
City and county of San Francisco to Anna
Breltzmann. lot on S tine of Vallejo street. 123
kW of Polk. W 25 by S 137:6; | .*
Louia and Jennie Friedlander va. Miriam
Martin, lot on N line of Geary street, 55 v% of
Laguna. W 27 :C by N 7:«: $10. <*,• ZJr~;
John W. and Sarah A. Flinn to TV . I.
Sterett, lot ou S line of Geary street, 137 :« t,
of Webster, E 137 :« by S 137:6; $10.
City and county of San Francisco to Nathan
Mana'sse; lot on N line of Washington street.
ICO W of Webster. W 27:6. N 127:SU» E «u.
S 35:3%. W 2:6, S 92:4*4; $ -.
Sophia Istel to Alphons*> E. Sachse. lot on
W line of Scott street. 100, S of C Fairs 11, b
25 by W 90; *10.
Henry and Kmellc R. J. Van Bergen to Mar
cus C. Sloss. lot on NE corner of Broadway
and Braderick street. E 5S:C by N 137:6; $10.
King and Mary H. Hedky to Frederick S.
and Selina Davis, lot on SW corner of Lyoa
and Sutler streets. W 20 by S 87:6; $10.
William J. McKillop to Hugh Kirfnun. lot on
W Une of Clayton street. U) 3 of Ualght. s
25 by W 06:10%: $10.
City aVd county cf San Francisco to Wll?
helmlne English, lot on N line of Fulton street.
103:10Vi E or Parker. N 1C9:S. E 6. SE IS.
SE ,94:81/4. W 25; $ .
Same to Martin Geraghty. lot on SW line of
Eleventh street. 200 SE of Folsom, SE 50, av*
70:6 NW 60. NE "3:2%: % . ¦
John F. Siir.s to John Diellng, lot on E line
of Howard street, 41 -S of Twenty-flrst. 8 28 :4
Minnie Wurthmann (by Ferdinand Reis Jr.
and William & Pardy, trustees) to Pacific
States Savings, Loan and Building Company.
19.13 D. 35. lot on K line of Twenty-second
street. 2S0 W of Noe, W 25 by N 114. trustee s
*O. H. Euiott to Jennie A. ArmiUge. Jot on E
line of Fair Oaks street. 110 N of Twenty
sixth. N 25 by E 125; $10.
.Robert and Josephine Ingenlath, to Harry J.
Bean, lot on E line of Fountain »treet. .0 S
of Twenty-fourth. S 31:8 by E 125; »1O.
Edwin Danforth to Frances O. Danforth. lot
on SW corner of Broadway and Battery street.
S 70 by.W 137:6: $10. *
J. Cuneo Company (av corporation) to John H
L Harms, lot on SW corner of Stockton and
Sacramento streets. S 40 by W 40; $10
Hermann Oelrlchs-to Theresa A. Oelrichs. lot
on NW corner of Powell and California streets.
W 412:« by N'275; $10.
R M Brangon to Isabel C. Pistoles!, lot on
W line "of Mason street. 20 N of Clay. N 20 by
W tO. quitclaim doed; $ .
Estate of Victoria Glry (by Philip I. Manson.
administrator) to City and County Investment
Association, lot en N line of Broadway, 44 E
of Jones, E 23:6 by N 77:6; $723.
Estate of Aime Giry (by same administrator)
to same, same; $725.
Din* Kuck to Ida S. Lewis, lot on NW line of
Welsh' street. 85 SW of Zoe. SW 20, NW 80,
NE 30 J»E 25 S\r«10. SE 55; $10.
James Reaney to Clara Reaney (wife of An
drew J.). lot cn-SE line of Freelon street, 510
SW of Third. SW 2O.by SE SO; gift.
Benjamin M. and Laura E. Gunn to the Em
porium (a corporation), lot on SE line of Jessie
street, 225 SW of Fourth, SW 50 by SE 70: $10.
Same to same, lot on NW line of Jessie
street. 175" NE of Fifth. NE 50 by NW 75; also
lot on NW line of Jessie street. 250 NE of
Fifth, NE 25 Ly NXV 75: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
R. Carrick, lot on NW line of Bluxome street.
275 SW of Fifth, SW 137:6. NW 250. NE 45:10.
SE 137:6, NE 01:8. SE 112:6; $ .
Licette V. Treichel (wife of Frank) to Charles
E. Wilson. let on E line of Twenty-fourth
street. 475 N of California. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Wednesday; dec. 23.
REAL) ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Without going into a scientific dis
sertation on breathing, it may be
stated that the lower portion of the
stomach plays its part in the proces3
of respiration.
Now the ordinary man. says thi3
investigator, allows the lower portion
of the stomach to play too great a
part in the process of breathing,
whereas the corset confines -the
breathinar of the fair sex more largely
to the upper portion of the chest, and
woman retains her crown of glory.
In the pursuit of his investigations
the chemist selected various animals
which breathe properly, and fitted
them with an apparatus which forced
what is called exclusively abdominal
breathing. Dogs, cats and even birds,
fitted with these unique and wrongly
constructed corsets actually lose their
hair or feathers after a few months
of wear!
On the other hand it is argued that
millions of men who do not wear
stays have an abundance of hair.
It has been set forth on competent
authority that at least 50 per cent
of the men of the present day are
more or less afflicted with baldness,
and that the percentage is increasing
alarmingly.
This fact alone rather upsets the
argument that h^s just been set down
and to it must be added the further
fact that thousands of men habitually
wear a belt, not necessarily of leather
or worn outside the waistcoat, which,
although they are unaware of it, acts
as a pair of stays with' regard to the
process of breathing.
From inquiries made in this con
nection the w,eight of evidence is in
favor' of a good head *of hair in the
possession of men who wear these
belts, which are sometimes mere
strips of flannel. — Milwaukee Sentinel.
Down with the dress reformer, who
usually "reforms" at an age at which
she' has no form to reform — for she
i3 the friend of the baldhead microbe.
For the corset has found a friend.
It Is declared to be u certain cure
for baldness by a scientist who will
not be denied, but comes forward with
baldheaded facts. i
He blames baldness on exclusively
abdominal or "deep" breathing, which
men affect, and in which the corset
does not allow women to indulge.
"Hoch'.' the corset!
German Scientist Says Wear a Corset
or Belt and Retain
llp.hr.
DISCOVERS PREVENTIVE
FOR BAL.DIIEADEDXESS
/ . • -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, /.DECEMBER 24, 1903.
15
ItF.AI. ESTATE— -CITY— FOR 8A1.EL
W. J. GUNN, ~~
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1750 — Cheapest lot In Western Addition, on
sunny Fide Union st.. ne<*r Broderick: 25x100:
grand marine view; *aey terms: $1CO first pay-
ment. $40 per month; ready for buildins; choice
location for flats; 2 fine flats to be erected im-
mediately on adjoining lot just sold; on tho
other side Is a tine residence. There is a great
demand for fiat* and residences in this local-
ity and they bring big rents; every one wants
a marine view, an* the demand is increasing:
there is nothing vacant in the vicinity; this is
a 12 prr tent a year income proposition, if
Improved.
W. J. GUNN. S30 CALIFORNIA ST.
$1100— CHEAPEST corner in Richmond: 49s
100: Clement st.; sewered, graded, ready for I
building. '
$400 — A bargain in Sunset: 25x110: Thirteenth '
ave.. nr. L Et. : a delightful view.
$400 — Only; a NE. corner on Market st. and
Thirty-ninth ave. :^25xl24; grand ocean view.
$S0 each— Some choice level lots now in gar-
den: 25x124; near good road and ocean beach.
CHAS. W. POPE, owner. 11 Montgomery.
NICE new sunny cottage 6 rooms, bath; fin*
wood mantol; cement ?idetvalk; high base-
ment; can be had on terms same as vent; %
block from cars; 20 Merrltt st. ; take Elgh-
teenth-st. car. get oft at Hattie.
START the new year In your own home; $250
and $20 per month, cottage 5 rooms and
bath: $250 and $25 per month, house. 0 rooms
and bath; $250 r.ew 5-room cottage and $25
per month. D. COFFIN. S303 Mission st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at G per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN, 530 California 6t.
STOP wasting water; we fix the leaks. AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 83U Howard st.
ftjSAIi ESTATE — Country— For Sale.
718 ACFES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
Jose: loo acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stabh-s, barns' etc.; fenced in 5 fields-
cost $1(50,000; price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st., San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. '
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH, Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 618
Market gt.
POIXT R ICHMO.VD REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCIIAXGE.
A HOUSE of 7 rcoms and bath in good loca-
tion In Oakland to exchange for email ranch
in Alameda County. P. C. LASSEN & CO .
406 Tenth St.. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.
$24,000 — GOOD investment; clubhouse~of 16
rooms; 4 flats; all new and now rented
for $1SO r*r month: within 3 blocks of
U. C. grounds and commanding fine ma-
rine \ir.vr.
$18,000 — Fine business block; 4 stores on first
floor; 1(1 large rooms on second floor;
paying 7 per cent on the price asked.
$6.250 — House, S r. & b. ; south frontage; street
work done; beautiful yard: 2 blocks of
station.
$0,000 — 3/4 acres; on Claremont ave.; will sell'
as a whole or in Subdivisions.
$2,000—5 r. & b. ; street work done.
ftJOO lots; street work done; 3 blocks of
Dwight way.
$200 — Good lot: 40x130; on easy terms.
CHENEY & BERRY. P. O. block.
Berkeley. Cal.
BEBKELEY ROOMS TOJJET^
THREE large, sunny rooms, two connecting,
bath; board if desired. MRS. BOLAND, 221S
Union Ft.. Berks-ley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
$3250 — OWNER must sell; house of 0 rooms;
bath; all modern and in first-class condi-
tion; lot 50x150; outhouses; large gardens;
first-class neighborhood and near business
center; terms only $500 cash. This place
must be sold; first come first served.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$1700 — WOULD be a bargain at $2500: 2-story
house of U rooms, bath, and In first-class
condition: only a few blocks from th«
main business street: street work all done;
near hocal train, school and cars. It must
be sc'-d it once.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$175 CASH, $:» monthly; ?i acre, more or leas,
with a rustic cottage of 3 rooms; chickeri-
hou?e. shed, etc.; nice assortment of full-
beanng fruit trees; fine living spring: city
water In house; 6-foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery: fine soil; no fogs nor raw winds;
nicely sheltered; Jusf the spot for chlcken-
raifin?: price $975 in all; 2 blocks from elec-
tric car line; 9 minutes' walk to local train.
S. F. : rear 2 fine s-hoolhouses and 2 churches;
adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for
circular. 453 Sevauth st.. opposite Broadway
station, Oakland: carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
BARGAINS in Piedmont residence lota, includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery: will
bclM tn futt. Kot S54. Call office Oakland.
OAKliAXD HOUSES TO LET.
MODERN 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath;
central location: rent $27. 1464 West at..
Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth st. ; sunny
suite« and single rooms for housekeeping
OAIvLAXD FURXITUR.E FOR . SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING, g
AT the Knickerbocker apartments, 1340 Pine
St.. near Hyde; apartments all taken; call
and leave orders for reserves.
BIRCH ave.. 615 — $%; 3 nice unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. 642 Grove st.
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
Hngle rooms.
FRANKLIN. 45 — Sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms. $15 and $18: single. $6, $8 & $10.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonably -
GILLESPIE, 119 Ninth st.— Sunny furnished
bedrooms and housekeeping:, $1 50 to $3 25
week; phona Mint 2S61.
Golden Gate ave., 622 — Sunny parlor cuite 3 rms.
completely furn.: gas range; bath & laundry.
HOWARD. 23S1 — 2 suites of well-furnished
sunny rooms; all conveniences; adults; $12
_or $14. \
JESSIE. 333— Large sunny frpnt parlor; fur-
nifhrd housekeeping. $14; furnished bed-
room. $7 a month. "v"
KKAKNY. 104 — Newly tinted . ninny unfur.
front suite & kttchen;coal range;no children.
MODEL Hotlse. 1206 Stockton— Newly furnished
rooms, $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
MISSION. 1219~l;et. Eighth and Ninth— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms: complete.
NATOMA, 2S4. near 4th — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; water; closets; rent $0.
O'FARRELL, 1390— Newly furn. apartments,
boarding or light hpkg; 1. 2 or 3 rooms.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonabfe.
VAN NESS ave., 700 — Two sunny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping: $23.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson »t.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also sir.gle; furnished or unfurnished}
marine view; now open; references. «
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine ar.d Taylor ats.: beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none auperlor: rna-
rise view. LYQN & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE GABLES. *
Cor. Clay and Larkln sta— Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences: reservations
can be made on premise*, l to 4; terms reas.
ET. CECIL. 115 Fell st., above Van" Ness-^-The
acme of perfection In modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; private ; baths,
steam he*t, elec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
~ HADDON HALL.
•51-EDDY ST. REFERENCES. : •'.
ROOMS TO LET— Forn. and Cnfnra.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom ats.— New
houae, new furniture: every room outside;
modern and ronny; prices from $1 50 per
S weak up; this is the only up-to-date house tn
thin jcicinlty: first-class grill attached.
' A— BRUNSWICK House* 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ASHWORTH, 320 Mason St., bet. Geary and
Post — Suite and ilngle rooma with or with-
out private bath: sun In rooms. all day.
AT "The^ Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night. -
AT the Pieroont, 450 Ellia— Newly furnished
rms.; elevator; hot & cold watgr; transient.
I BURNETT, 1426 Market (old* No. 1384) — Fur-
[ nished rcoms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason — 3Iegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
FILLMORE. 1021— Sunny newly furnished
suite; also eunny single room; rent reason-
able. .
FOURTH. 475 — Nicely furnished room in pri-
vate family; rent reasonable.
GEARY, i)0<i — Sunny front alcove rooma; hot
water; bath; no children. . ,
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; 51 to $3 week; reading-room.
HARRIET. 86— Kitchen, dining-room and bed-
room ; furnished or unfurnished. -
LAG UNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny singla room".
LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— Sunny rooma; elec-
tric lights; elevator: central; transient..
LARKIN, 816B— Small, light room, large hall. .
closet, bath and phoJie; reasonable. ' •¦
MISSION, ' 114S— Elegantly furnished front
suite: piano; single rooms from % 1 50 week.
NINTH, 119 (Glllespie)— Nicely furnished rooma
$1 50 to $2 50 per^wcfk; 50c to 75o per night.
POLK. 823— Be?t ftrrilshed rooms In the city
for the money; ..single or en suite; every-
thing new and plenty- of sunshine; terms
very, reasonable^ only , 10 minutes' walk to
Powell and Marlcet sts. "
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suit* for doctor or
« dentist; also other furnished rooms.' -r :
ROYAL House,' 126 Ellia — Incandescent lights,
reading-rcom, smoking-room and ladies' . par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to' $150; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floqr, rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STEVENSON. 522, bet. 5th & 6th-^Nlcely fur-
nished sunny front room; gent.; $8; mo. only.
SUTTER, 236 — The Crane — Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; aulte.or single; $10 up. -
THE FREMONT, 1*64 MARKET ST.— Strictly
first-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. 35c tn $1 night. $1 75 to $G week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome 6tinny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 56 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bua; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subFCiiptiona received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. "
rooms am) board.
£2~~ ~-^~~-
van ness ave.. near geary st.
american plan.
phone private exchange 7(w
select first-class family hotel.
hot and cold ocean water.
special rates by the. month.
munger & zeberg, proprietors.
a hotel hatton
se. cor. pine and taylor
This new and rustic constructed hotel i« sit-
uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomoly furnished throughout with all
the very latest conveniences, is now open for
occupancy; reservations can now be made on
premises dally.
CHANGE OF PROPRIETORS.
MANHATTAN HOTEL. Mark'et et.— A
etrictly flrst-clasa family and tourist hotel of
unquestioned respectability. American plan.
A \ — THE DRESDEN l
SELECT FAMILY HOARDING-HOUSE 144"
FULTON, BET. BRODERICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select location in
modern, elegantly furnished private home-
_table_unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTTN^T^TaTyltTand Van Negg
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
hotel; table board specialty.
P1^f» E^ 777 Z" I>lea8^ nt rooln '- good boa7dTba*th/
piano, phone; home comforts; young ladles
and gentlemen: $«. $5. $6 per week.
NEWPORT, 1018 Pine. near~Taylor— Large sun-
ny room; also single room; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion, S07 California— Fine rooms-
new chefs; colored service; table specialty. '
°Trn R 1 n tf EI ;^' 308-FurniTh^~ToTmTr~ho^
cooking: Qerman family; $8 p<?r week.
ROOMS AXD BOARD .WANTED.
A h^SSJSE. la( # W0u »<-~ilkTbo7rd and~roo^n
private family north of Market st. Box
STUTTER I^^AXD^JTAMMERIXn.'
MELBOURNE 'school. Van" New-Market'— Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no medl-
cine. inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
marriage licenses were issued
USZ^0% i 4^
PrSr n 24 W c,tS a "' 25 ' CUy - and SusS 'A-
Edward Simons, GS, 308 Leavenworth street
and imogene Ilouck. 41. Los Ange]e« e "'
Cornelius F. McCarthy. 3*». 120 Eighth street
and Clara Kallner? 31. 1039 Howard street
Pe^l'To'i^n'g-elef 8 "« '« "'
an^^llie^a?^ 0^. % &/Tr^
James J. O'Brien. 21, llNVi Morris avemiA
and I Lena C. Pfluger. IS. 353 Potrero avenue '¦
Went worth T. Crowell. 50. 1545 Mission
itrtet. and Mary A. Volkan, 50. $45 Mission
Samuel North. m| 418 Oetavia street and
Henrietta Herschman. 21 418 Oetavia street
T., Jol J?.,, MnUson ' - 7 - 327 ' Minna, street and
Ida William*. 24. 2S56. Twenty-second street
Walter K. Dryden. 25. 72$ Eddy street, and
Florence M. Watson, 21, 12flG Halght street
Cecil Abbott. 2S, Prtflskey. Uicbt ,
Blanche Mancn. 18. Petoskey. Mich.
. Charles A. Holton. 21. Oakland, and Isabella
F. Burdock, 18, Oakland.
John J. Mayblum. 29. 17% Sumrier street
and Ethel Sorensrn. 21, Oakland.
Albert E. Golden. 28, Oakland, and Susan
O. Caudlll. 20. Oakland.
John J. GreeJey, 26. 539 Howard street, ana
Ruby J. Woodman. 21. 501 Golden Gate avenue
William A. Anderson. 28, Woodland, and
Ella Armstrong. 27. Woodland. -
Donald H. Ross. 24, Reno. Nev., and Bertha
Gardner. IS. 603 Baker street.
• David Sickel. 21. 649 Haye» street, and Ray
Seaman. IS. 006 Fell street.
Charles E. W. McArthur. 29. ' Oakland, and
Amelia'Marryatt. i«. Oakland.
Frederick I. Zwlcker. 2o. 456 Page street,
and Helen* M, Ferlr. 10. city.
Willard S. Beach. 23. Ill Leavenworth street,
and L. Evelyn Hackett, 20. ljfil Green street.
Ignata Kline. 3S 521 Birch avenue, and
Louisa Braun, 31. l«t'7 E'l!« street.
"B1BTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
! in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charse. __ __
BORX.
TlIiET— In thh? city. December 22, 1903. to
th.» wlfo of J. P. Tiret. a son.
MARRIED. ¦ <\ ~
AITKEN— MURRAY— In thia city. December
IS, 1003, by the Rev. William Rader, Andrew
Aitken of Lodl, Cal., and May, Janet Murray
of Winnipeg. B. C.
AREY— CORTAGE— In this city. December 22
1003. by the Rov. William Rader. James T
Arey and Charlotte C. Cortage, both of Oak-
land. Cal. V
BLAKELY— JEFFERSON— In this city De-
cember 23. 1003. by the Rev. John A. B.
Wilson Charley Roy Blakcly of Kern City,
and Emma Jefferson of Richmond. Cal. '
BORIE — CAIN— In this city. December 22
V.sOi. by t'.<e Rev. William Rader. Jamea
Bogle and Sarah E. Cain, both of San Fran-
- Cisco. •
FE1GELER— KLEIN— In this city. December
10, 1W13. by the Rev. William Rader, 'Herman
T.- Felgeler and. Julia Pearl Klein, both or
San Francisco. • ¦
JOHNSON— WEBB— In this city, December 19,
¦ UXC; by the Rev. William Rader. Thaddeus
• Johntftn and Abble M. Webb, both of Wal-
nut' Creek. Cal. .
1 ¦. PERSOVALS.
j BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Yonnc '2di«s steadily employed can have
Bartm'a cloaks, cults, furs and tailor-made
z cutca to oro<r; on weekly or monthly pay-
trer.ts plan, at regular rnarlced prices. Con-
vine*; yourself by calling on BARON. 7ti2
Market Et.
THE Stsr Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, euros dandruff
or.d itching scalp; no stain or stickiness:
rieanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers: ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1333 Polk.
A— COME and tet our doctor* give you free ¦
examination ar.d advice; you pay for the '
jr.edicine only and at the lowest prices. LION '
PHARMACY. 1500 Mi£s!on Et.. cor. 11th.
NOT ho-.v rheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
iJ.Vr. EVANS, ager.t. 1021 Market st.
A NEW ii?ea in jewelry and Central American
curios, Ind'.in curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the rr.ly store in the city that carries
this. FROWKSS & fc'ON. # 12.T9 Polk, nr. Sutter
RAG »arr>?ts wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- v.ove rugs, tilk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lewest
rat«-s. r, fll . Matth'ws. 70S* Fifth st., Oakland.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dls-
easeE positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk st.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR he bit cured in 2 days cr no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co., 037 Mar-
ket ft. room 203; phor.e South 751.
AT l»ss than ccst, uncalled for suits, overcoats.
and trousers et CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT ralta on ea?y installments; 1)0 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mar-
ket et.. between Seventh and Eighth. s
DANCING Tursdsy, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgg.. Teutonic Hall. Howard St., nr.
Oth; Prof. Fotter; society, dancing taught.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
HANDSOME healthy baby girl for adoption.
MRS. PR."SATTLER SIMON. 1709 Powell.
MASSEUSE v is!:es engagements with ladles
only. Pbone Capp C23S.
Bon Marche Pants Co.: special $5 pants to cr- .
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel Drumm 44.
FINE genuine diamonds, watches.jewelry cheap-
er than anywhere. A. A. Rltter, 2J7 Kearny.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
j trie nceJle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAII>OR-MADE Full $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: Jl; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offt>e of The Call for the reception
cf edvertifenirnts and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
J SEWIKO MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES
A "WHITE" Christmas can be had without
snow. Have ycu teen our latest White
Sewing Machine? Automatic lift, chain-
stitch, lockstitch and hemstitch combina-
tion: we rent or sell on easy payments; we
want sewing machine men; come and have
a talk with us; phone Black 1U>6. SOO Post
St.; 1S41 Fiilmore st. and 708 Valencia St.,
S F. or rhone Brush 651 470 13th et.,
Oakland. "WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.
NEW HOME sewing machine; this week only;
5K». $1.'.. $20; slightly used; ceedles 2<Jc dor.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market gt.
SPECIAL .XO TICKS.
THE following children have been admitted to
tt>" San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: Charles E. Fritz, 10 years; Axinia
Kruegcr. 7 years, orphans: Michael Negy. 2
vfar«: Fk-rtha E. Johonason. 11 years: Agnes
M. Johonason. 3 y«-ar»: Dora Hertz. S years:
Gertrude Hertz. 7 years; Gustave Kuehne, 8
months, half orjjharr.
Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. S«nd 4c
ctami's f'jr particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mail. Aek r-our druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
rr.ent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE! AXD WAREHOUSES.
X^EMPCRIUM Storage &. Van Co.; rurnlture,
household goods t>U>red. moved, thipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant ltil.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell Ets. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN Wot Storage; advances made: 840
Mission ft.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuis.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmcre tt. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Mcntgomery
St.; UL Main 1840. Shipping at cu* rates.
Ti'PEWIUTERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN except icnr.lly good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $"^5; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th»
Typewriter Exchange. 53« California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $.>6 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2DHAND tyD'wrlters sold, rented, repaired.
We ester Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDEND KOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — CALIFORNIA SAFE
PETOSIT AXD TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For the
p!x months ending December 31, ltKKJ, divi-
dend? liave been declared on deposits in the
savings department of thia company, as Tol-
k'-.-.i-: On term deposits at the rate of
3 tj-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of it per cent per an-
um. free cf taxrs, mid payable en and after
Saturday. January 2. 19fM. Dividends un-
TRl.'fd for are added to tho principal after
January 1. 1004. J. DALZELL BROWN,
llana-rer.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5tli floor. Mutual Savings Bank
buildir.g. 70S Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half-year ending Hist »f December,
100.1. a dfvidf-nd has been declared at the
rate per annum of <12) twelve per cent on
capital stork and participating certificates,'
frr» of taxes., payable on and after. SATUR-
DAY. January 2 1301. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — SAN FRANCISCO
savings UNION. S.*52 California st.. corner
Webb. For the half yfar ending with the 31st
of December 190:j. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three and
(>ne-half <3'.%) per cent on term deposits
and three Ci) per cent on ordinary deposits,
free of tax**, payable on and after Saturday,
January 2. 1904. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery rt.. corner Sutter, has de-
clared a. dividend for the term ending Decem-
htr 31. 1!W. at the rate of three and cne-
qu&rter <:»Vi> per cent per annum on aJl de-
posits, free of taz«>, and payable on and af-
ter J2nuary 2. 19<vi
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMANT, Cashier.
A DIVIDEND in liquidation of S per cent on
all <le*ystt« has been declared \>y th« Cali-
fornia. Savings ar.d Loan Society, payable
OB and after Saturday. Jan. 2. 1004. at the
office of the society. Mills buildins. second
floor, room Wfi. San Francisco, Cal. CHAS.
_r>._FARQUH A RSON. Secretary. , --- ;
DIVIDEND Notice^ — The German Savings and
]y>nr. Bodety, r>2?> California *t. — For the half
year ei.dirg with December :51. 1003, a divi-
dend lias been declared at the rate of thre*
and one-quarter CJVi) per cent per annum on
all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday, Janimry 2, 1004.
GEORGE TCURNY. Secretary.
THK CONTINENTAL BUILDING AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION. S11 California M.. San Fran-
c-isco. Cal., hits declared a dividend for the
year ending December :'l. 190*5. of 3 per cent
en ordinary deposit*, flper cent on term de-
r>osit* and 8 per cent to stockholders, free of
taxea. DR. WASHINGTON DODGE. Presi-
dent. WM. CORUIN) Sec. and G«n. Mgr.
DIVIDEND Notice— Mutual Having* Bank of
Han Francisco. No. 710 Market street — For
the half-yesr ending December 31, 19"3.- a
dividend' has hen declared at tbe rate of
three and twenty pne-hundredths CJ.20) per
cent j.er annum on all dcpo*!ts.~free of taxes,
payable on and after KATITRDAY. January
2. 11)04. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
FRENCH SAVINGS UANK--For the half year
er.dir.jr Decemlier 31, K>03. a dividend ha*
been declared at the rate of three and one-'
eighth <3'.£) per qrnt i>er annum on deposits.
payable on or after Saturday, January 2,
ISM. LEON DOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
THE Humbcldt Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary st., ha« declared a dividend of 314
per cfrnt ner annum «.1T rteuoslts. • fre« of
tax-», for the term ending December 31, IDOi,
payable on and after January 2. 1004. ¦
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
WlSCELLAXEOr* FOR SALE Con. j
ALTERATION "Tale— Eest J2 50 hats. $1 50. j
Popular Pr.-^ letter, :~0 Kearny st.. r.ear !
I":ut; cpen to Op. m.; Sundays to nocn.
LAUNDRY machinery, natlvrs. extiactors,y
mangles, ironerf. etc. G2J> Bryant st.
SOME gc-od rrcrnd-har.d ?a«oline engines. 1 to
12 HP.. che?y F- M. Bt-ck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE ftcam autcrrrbile; llrst-c!aps running or-
der. W. V.. 120 Lyon rt.. San Fraucis-co.
SLOT machines chesp; cfc'czgoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 93'J Market.
XSTISKS ani ra;>s: MB the ccmptett tine at 1SH:
Marker, ab Van Ners. R1CHAHDSON BIJC£.
SAFES— New end *ecor.d-banc). THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. COT Battery Et. .
N£W and f-fx->ri2-hand machinery of all kinls.
KttOGH MNTG. CO.. !ilO Market st.
feSOVUCO picture, mscic larterr.s. «ale. rental;
bargains. Bullard ft BrceU. UJ Past «*¦
34ILES of pipe and f.tt:r.ss: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Vailejo at.
SAFES— New ar. 1 r?conJ-hand. E. B. BECK
A.- CO.. lirj Maxfcet ft. ¦
All rsr:rs!r.s:<-8mp stools and chsiirs: aammccks.
raetal beds.mattree^es. J.F.Hotter.7!2 Mission.
Kdison i h>>i:f craphs. rt-cord?. surV.ies. moving
picture mcchinrf. f.lms. Bactgaiupi. K'i llkl.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles antl launches;
ail Eizes. J. E. DOAK. iti Frcmcnt st.
Af^K for price* -on second-hand typewriters: all
n-akes. ALEXANDER &. CO.. llu Mcntg'y.
MI«jfi;LLA\KOtS WASTS*.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1145* Market «:.; phone Jessie 2715. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for *!1 kinds of cast-oS
c!otii::.g; tend postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants go^d seoend-hanJ clothing and
throtrical goods. 1S4 Oth Et. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
MONEY TO LOA.V
AAJL— HERMAN Ml'RPHY.
001-C02-<n£ Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disapr-ointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate*, ijecond mortgages, undivided inter-
Maj assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, lite estates and undivided ln-
»«r<"s-ts in property purchased,
•-'ourttous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Y'^i Need Money
see HERMAN MITRPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pUnos without
removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowleilge of
omployer; lowest rates: no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT «:O., C8 and t,3 Donohoe
building. 1170 Market st.
MON'EY l<^an<*d to salaried people, retail mor-
vhantf. teamsters, l>oa:ding-houses, without
wcurity; easy payment*-: largest business in
*t> principal cities. Tolman, Z^l Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY reFptrtsble private place to obtain
l:*HTal advances on <1isimon<lF. jewelry, at 2
pj* '-cnt. interest. J».il<lwin Jewelry" Store. '
Bw Market : ( tel. Main Wit. Branch, 19 Third.
ETEICIXT CONFIDENTIAL. LOANS en fuT-
r<;tur<«. p:anrs. < r to Balsried people on their
n-.t*-; prf^er treatment guaranteed ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. l<i. Pheian bid., tel. Main 7<H.
* A — 1 p»r c»-nt on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick
triv&te. confidential. 2<; Montgomery, rm. 7!
MUNICIPAL LOAK riFFirE. 10:; Grant ave.
LQAXg KHOJ) (I TO $H',0"«>
MONEY tn loan <n low interest: g<>M, Filver.
diamonds. j>r-arN ht><\ preciou« stones bought
ct W. j. RESTHAVS. 10 Sixth et.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes; abrclute privacy. Fidelity Loan
<"an:pany. rooms 4s-v>, chronicle bids.
TO calitrled people without m» III II J. «->n furni-
'ure; indorsed note* «nd other security S F
Pit-count Agency. 14"; Fhelan building.
AT lowe« rates on fumituro mil pianos; strict
privacy; no ocmmissi'in :ins:tal!r^e.nts accepted.
BONELLI. iitJl Kddy, Conservatory Iniildlr.g.
OPEN Credit Afip'n. Inane on snlsriV* r<mf,iirn.
tU!ly; iiew.cimple plan. Room 50. »1S Market.
ALL loans < :i <5f*mi-.no> and len-elry 2 r^r cent
wrr>. p. F. OoHat»raJ Loan B/uik, 'kk Kearny.
W OS furniture & piano<=; $15 up: no removal:
So mm. V. TREMA1N. ror^m M,« E-liy Ft.
1 PER i-ent on furniture tr r'iario. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bonk Mdg.. 7O Market rt.
FTAR Loar. Co. of Wyoming loans money to
t-aianf-i employe*. R. -11. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid. .
CASH loaned «-a!arf*1 iierj-Je on n<itrs without
lrcVrter. M< 'REl.L. »Xh Examiner bullJing.
MVSICAL IXSTRIJIEXTS.
A FEW SPEclAT^i^RIGirF^rANO^BAR^
GAINS:
CcIIard $:«; Emerson. $C3: Filsher. $70:
Miller, $1.5; Chickering. $167; American
1105; Heine. $2";5; Haynt*. $150; bteinway. I
J1S5; Stelnway. large etyle. $325. and fifty
i ethers. Rents. $2 up; installment*. $i up.
1 HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-227 Geary street;
Oakland branch. FUteenth and Broadway, old
r- O. bldg.
THE holidays «r» clot* a t hand and all who
contemplate t-eiecting a piano are advised to
K-ltct this wetk m as to avoid the delay ol
rt£h «cek. A email payment down will se-
cure the instrument and delivery can be
made when yr. u tvifh; $150 upward is a!l you
reed ray. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
COMPANY. Ji\!» Market st.
TTK rent the best piano In th« city /or $3 per
month; we allow nx months* rental and
cartage <$2P) eff purchase price, thus giving
you a rlx months* trial of the instrument for
nothing: cur terms and prices czr.net be
»qt:a>d in £an Francisco.
FCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5',0-C* Haves «t
A FINE lot of re^oad-hand uprights from $50
up. irx-Iudir.g ruch meke? as Chickerlng. Voee.
Kroeger, Curiaz. Kirkham. 1'esse. Hardman
Marshall tc WenJell. Baus and others. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell et. No
tranches in San Francisco.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice; unredeemed stor-
age pjanct and furniture selling to pay stor-
age: c:rt cheap. Whiteheads Storage. 1630
Mi_tkf-t tt. Open evtuir.gs.
BAND tnetromentf: F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Guj Matwaii. Agt/ Fac. Coast. 278 O'FarTell;
ekllirul repatrirg; 2d-han<5 instruments ?o!J.
$350— ELKGAN'T urright piano; will trade for
diamonds. Bex «IS89. Call.
$CS — UPRIGHT piano: fiterk mahogany; nearly '
new. HORNCXG PROS.. 215 McAllister st.
ALMOST cheaper tnan firewood; etcra.ge pianos
Sc fvrniture. 1<"-';G Market *t. Ooen evenings.
ALMOST r.ew upright: cheap; ra^h or install-
rr.tat. ECHMITZ tc CO., 16 McAllister st.
BKAI'TIFfL 3-pedal. Rteinway upright plane;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeff«'s.2«5 O'Farrell.
BOliMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian
rJayer. •JYRON* MACZT. 2CS-ni2 Post at,
SUPERIOR Motir.f. rthers. old and nwr H.
y MULLgir. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and kx-st in America— Tbe "Weekly
Cell. 1<J pages, fern to any address 1n th«
VrifA s":- t.> nr Ca«-is<l?i f.n» year for $1.
' OfyiCES AXD J»TrtllES TO~LKtT 1
TWO larye stores an.l f.nlshcd basement*: sirte.
walk elevators; Valencia »t.. near Seven-
t<-rn»h. For further particunrs oppy to G
H. T'MnfEN .«;- CO.. 20 Mor.tsomfry »t. .
rALMISTIVY.
MME. DEVAS. «-;entiftc pa'rt'Ist and astrolo-
gr:rt; ralm rfsiiing* $1; 3 f;urstions by ex-
prc*«. 41: fpen Tuesday eve. also. l.Tj Post st.
MME. NEERGAARD'S cIbk* in palmistry he"
Kins l>e-. 1. 6 p. m. C42 Pen St.; terms $10.
H. JKHOME FO6KLLI. ecientlflc pa'mlst, 515
Taylor tt.. rear Geary. Phone Black 531. '
P^Al'JiUHAXGlXG. PAJXTIXG. ETC.
C.-.LI. at €27 Turk it. or fhone Sutter l.'<4 for
j.ai>er»i3n«:r;*;. r-aiattrjr and paper clraned. |
"TlJVSICIAIWS AND SIKGEOXS~ \
l~)Ti C. C. O*D0NNELL — Office «id resitJer.ct.
HCl'i Marlu-t J^t.. be*. Ctl> and 7th; partlcu-
"ar attertU»:i paid to difeayes of wemen.
I.'R. -M. MATSUDA hut rptflnted from Orient.
Nor- at SE. cc-rner Gear>' ""T 1 Taylor *ls.
lilAKjl). tkin end rertal dl^asea a «peclalty •
Vll. I5ALL. 1C7.'>4 Markrt^i^ !
REMOVED— r.-It. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
tr.-oi* all rt.rcast* of the human body; for
past four jrare at I15-K7 Mason: now lo-
cated ct <C7 Geaiy St.. tear Leavenworth.
DR. TONO VO CUY. -uci-c«or to P>r. LI Po
Tci. herb 4<Ktor cures all diseases of human .
u*« of litth* r.nd teas. 72" Washlcgton at. j
T.ilfU. C. WO-N«3. 719 Post st_: all. diseases
«-jr?d l»y OhirK-fif herbs: consultation free.
1VOXG WOoT-hi. fnrnoKs herb doctor— AH di»-
fawii >¦>• Chines*? hctbu. T'''»-S Oiy rt.
I'UO 1'KK.TV W.1XTEU.
PROPERTY wactti by curycrymen: B to J5
arms; ranch to \<-n>e near Oakland. Box
•SZ. Call office. OakUcd. '
DIED.
Abbott. John P Lowell. Capt. A. T.
Albright. Major Geo. Lowrey. Annie
Bermudes George Lowry, Earle R.
Blumberg John McClelland, Maud A.
Bradbury. Dr. Geo. Mitchell. Mrs. Man*
Finley Margaret A. O'Connor. Catherine
Gillions. Frank Paget. Prof. Felicien
Gorman. John Pltto. Paul.
Grosbauer Sophie Putzniann, Hermann
Kobicke. Robert C. Seymour. Frances
Linari. Louia Walsh, John K
Lindsay. Alice C. Woods, Clara M.
ABBOTT— In Oakland. December 23. 1903. at
1S(37 Castro street. John Parlow Abbott, be-
loved husband of ! Margaret Abbott. v and
father of Russell Mary and Eleanor Ab-
bott, a native of Canada, aged 39 years 10
months and 27 days. Colonel and assisrant
adjutant general of California Brigade. Uni-
form Ran% K. of P. • ¦ .
ALBRIGHT— In Fruitvale, December 22. 1903,
Major George W. Albright: beloved ¦ husband
of Fannie T. Albright.' and father of G.
Frank. W. D. and Violet K. Albright and
Mra. Howard W; Bray, a native of Philadel-
phia, aged 69 years 5 months' and 10 day a.
(St. LouU and Philadelphia papers please
copy.>
' ' CTFriends and acquaintances are resrpect-
j fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday afternoon. December 24, 1903, at
2 o'clock, at his late home, 1251 Twenty-
seventh avenue, Frultvale. . Interment pri-
vate.
BERMUDES— In this city, . December 21, 1003.
George Bermudes, beloved son of Mrs. M. D.
Welll, a native of California, aged 19 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday
morning, December 24, 1003. at 10 o'clock,
from the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission
street, near Twenty-first.' Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BLUMBERG — In the City and County . Hos-
pital. December 23, 1P03, John Blumberg. a
i.atlve of Alabama, aged 55 years. -
BRADBURY— In Modesto. Cal.. Decemb?r 22.
.'. 1903. Doctor George F.. husband of Fanny
N. Bradbury, father of .William G. Bradbury,
and son of Nancy M. Bradbury, a native of
Indiana, aged 46 years 7 months and 12
days. . .
CTFriends are . respectfully invited to at-'
tend the funeral services to-day (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock at the funeral- parlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street, between
Twe.nty-seccnd and Twenty-third. Mission
/ Masonic Temple. Jnterment Redwood, City.
FINLEY— In thia city, December 22. 1903.
Margaret A., beloved wife of Robert J. Fin-'
ley, devoted mother of May E. and Henry
J. Finley. Mrs. John O"Keefe and the late
John S., Thomas E. and Robert J. Finley,
and erandmother of Violet and - Melvil
O'Kecfe. a native of Preston. England, aged
52 years 3 months and 25 days. (Hartford.
Conn., papers please copy.)
CyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1132 Kentucky street, near Elght-
' ocnth, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Hjiy Cross Cemetery.
GILLIONS— In this city December 22, 1903,
Frank Gillions. beloved husband of Lottie
«;ill!ons, and father of Alice. Mabel and
I'u-i.k'n Gillions, a native of Italy, aged 42
y<ars o months and 27 days. A member of
Ccurt El Dorado No. 31. F. of A. ' /
E7Frt«?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully ir.vited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the funersi
parlors of the H. F. Maass Company. 917
Mission street, where services will be* held
under the auspices of Court El Dorado No.
. 3!. F. of A. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
THE officers and members of Court El Do-
rado Xo. 31. F. of A., are hereby requested
to assemble at the funeral parlors of the
¦ H. F. Maass Company. 017 Mission street,
to-day (Thursday), at 1 p. m.. to attend the
frneral of our deceased brother, Frank GH-
lions-. By order
WM. O'CONNOR. Chief Ranger.
THOMAS F. ALFORD, Rec. Sec.
GORMAN — In San Leandro, December 23. 1903,
John Gorman, a native of Ireland, aged 66
years. .
lE^T Notice of funeral hereafter.
GROSBAUER— In this city, December 22, 1003.
at her rtsidenceT~214 Gough street, between !
Oak and Fell. Sophie, beloved wife of, the
late J. F, Gro»bauer, devoted mother of J.
F. Grosbauer Jr., and grandmother of Fredi
Louise and Leslie Grosbauer, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 79 years 3 months
and 10 days. A member of St. Paulus
Frauen Verein.
E7"Fnend& and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at- 1:30 o'clock, from St. Paulua
German Evangelical Lutheran Church, cor-
ner Eddy and Gough streets. Interment
Mount -Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. .
KOBICKE— In this city, December ' 22. 1903,
Robert C\. beloved husband of Minnie F.
Kob'cke. father of Iraa Kobicke, and be~
loved son of Christian and Sophie Kobicke,
a native of San Francisco.
(ETThe funeral services will be held to-day
(Thursday), at 12:45 o'clock, at his late
residence, 818 Grove street, between Webster
and Fiilmore. Interment .private.
LINARI— In this city. December 23. 1903. at
his residence. 13 Cuvier street. Louis Linari,
beloved son of -the late Rosa and Joseph
Linari. and brother of Mrs. Mary Cereghino
v and Paul Linari of Portland, Or., a native
of San Francisco, aged 20 years 8 months
and 21 days.
LINDSAY— In this city." December* 23. 1903.
Alice C. beloved wife of the late George
M. Lindsay, and mother of David F.,
Charles M.. Frank. Gawn J.. Thomas, Wil-
liam. R. and the late George M. Lindsay.
Mrs. John MeKee and Mrs. John Abrams,
a. native of Ireland, aged 77 years 10 months
and 11 days.
E?"The funeral services will be held to-day
(Thursday), at 4 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. Thomas Lindsay. 308 Elizabeth
street. # Interment Pasadena. Cal.
LOWELL — In Winslow. Wash., December 14.
1903. Captain Andrew T. Lowell, beloved
husband of Alice E. Lowell, and brother of
Mrs. George Cooper and Mrs. Frank Corbln,
a native of Bath, Me., aged 37 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 2-4, 1903. at 1 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first,, thence to the Church of the
Most Holy ' Redeemer, Diamond street, near
Eighteenth, where services will be held at
1:30 o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
LOWREY— In this city, December 23 1903.
Annie, beloved danghter of John and Mary
Lowrey. a native of San Francisco, aged 17
months.
LOWRY— In Salinas. Cal., December 21. 1903,
Earle Ronald" Lowry. infant son of Rolfe L.
and Clara L. Lowry (nee Ronald), a native
of California, aged 1 year 2 months and 3
days. . . • ¦ ¦- * • ,i,
McCLELLAND— In this city. December 23.
l«Wj Maud A., beloved daughter of Alice
:•;».] tli». late John McClelland, and sister of
Mrn. Blanch Rollins, a native of Grand
Rapids. Mich., aged 21 years 6 months and
20 OAys.
MITCHELL — In Oakland. December 33. 1903.
Mrs. Mary A. Mitchell, mother of George
J Louis A. and Edwin Mitchell, a native
o:' Philadelphia. Pa.
O'CONNOR— In this city. December 22, 1903.
Catherine.' beloved wife of Jamea O'Connor,
mother of Edward B.. Michael J., William
F.. Nellie C. Tessie M.. Mae E., James H..
France* C, Annie J. and John L. O'Connor,
and sister cf Mrs. Maria Vlautin, Mra. M.
Murry, Michael Nacle of San Rafael and
Richard H. Nagle of San» Francisco, a na-
tive of Ireland.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully intite<l to attend tbe funeral to-dn>
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lat«
residence, 2303 Howard street, thence to St.
Charle» Borromeo's Church, corner Eight-
eenth and Shotwell streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be, celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
PAGET— In Berkeley, December 23, 1903. at
his I residence'. 2727 Dwight way. Professor
Felicien V..' beloved husband of Madam E.
M. Paget. a native of Pctit-Vlllard /Jura).
France aged 70 years 5 months and 26 dayt.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this (Thursday.) afternoon, at 2 o'clock, at
his late. home. 2727 Dwight way. Berkeley.
. Incineration private at the Oakland Crema-
tor}'.
PITTO— In this city, December 22. 1903.
Paul dearly beloved husband of Katie Pltto,
beloved eon . of the late Lulgi and Anna
>Pltto, and brother of Joseph. Luke. Theresa
and James Pitto and Mrs. Katie Bardel-
Hni. a native of San" Francisco, aged 39
years. ._ .
PUTZMAN-N— In this city, December 21. .1003.
Hermann Putzmann. a native of Germany,
aged 02 years 4 months and IS days. A
member of Magnolia Lodge No. 29. I. O.
O. F.; Oriental Encampment No. 57. I. O.
O F.. and Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O.
U. W. , "
.E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 2 o'clock, from Memorial Hall. Odd Fel-
lows' building, corner of Market and Sev-
enth streets. Funeral under the auspices of
Jamea McGinn. Henry Han*«a.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
.. -Funeral Directors and Embalmers.— —
-214 Eddy at. :. Tel. South 678.
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mission „».
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2329-2341' Mission sC. rear Nineteenth,
Sun Francisco. J
TO ALL '¦WANT" ADVERTISERS IN THE NEW YEAR'S (ALL
Magnolia Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. F. Inter-
ment Monnt Olivet Cemetery.
SEYMOUR— In this city. December 22. 100.1..
Frances Seymour, a native of Ireland, aged
73 years. ¦ .
WALSH— In this city, December 22. 1903. John
K. Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 7S years.
WOODS— In this city. December 23. 1903,
Clara May. beloved daughter of Henry and
Rosa Woods, and sister of Noel and Harry
Woods, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
months and 16 days. ¦, City Attorney'Lane advisod the Su
pervisors . yesterday that Judge Sea
well's decision quieted the city's title
to two parcels of land lying south of
Mission block Xo. 42*£. formerly cov
ered by Mission Creek and Channel
street.
City Owns Land.
Buyers of Christmas Presents
Should visit Andrews' Diamond Palace,
221 Montgomery st., under Russ House,
and see large stock cf diamonds, watches
& jewelry at lowest prices. Open evga. -
( GRAXD RAPIDS, Mich., Dec.23. —
Ex-City Clerk Isaac Lamoreaux stood
mute when arraigned in the Superior
Court to-day on the charge of conspir
acy in connection with "the* water deal
and a plea of not guilty pro forma
was entered at the order of the Judge.
The case was put over until January
11. ~
Lamoreaux Refuses to Plead.
ROME, Dec. 23.— Camille Barrere, the
French, Embassador, .-senfa communi
cation to the Italian Government .which
says the , French Government , is now
prepared to sign an arbitration treaty.
between France and .Italy on v the lines
of the . treaty recently signed ; between
France- and Great Britain.' It is under
stood that such a treaty will be signed
soon in Paris. •-'
Franco-Italian ''Arbitration.
, LONDON". Dec. 23.— Henry, Norman,
M. P.. the author and traveler. 4 sailed
for New York to-day from Liverpool
on the Majestic. He purposes to inves
tigate the question of preferential tar
iffs in Canadal , •¦ . •
Xormnn Sails for Canada.
•You can't enjoy life if your . lun'n*, trouble
you. I'iso's Cure for Consumption -curei. •
ROME. Dec 2£. — Sicnor Savina. the Italian
Minister to Cuba, has r>r<-n authorized to Mg;n a
treaty of onmmfce and navigation b*tween
Italy and OirJw. f-lmilsr to that of isoo Nnv.-een
Italy and Mexico, »n<i including provisions lor
arbitration irr the ca*e of disputes.
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Kirk notified the board that there' is
not at present a sufficient .supply, of
the new grammar school United States
history -on l hand and. orders for the!
same are to be placed at once. i
; Miss I. M. Rolsman, a teacher in the!
Starr," King School, notliled the board
that she had changed her name to Mrs.;
I. M. Ly.tton.
The petition of Sunnyside taxpayers
for better school . facilities was taken
under advisement. ;; ;• < -..
¦ Professor Aaron Altman was appoint
ed' teacher of drawing of the Mission
High School during the leave' of Paul
Garin. "* '' ¦
. ,It^was resolved that at their mutual
request the following- transfers be or
dered: Mrs. K. Parrott, janltress Starr
King School,, to ..the Fremont School/
Mrs. Mary Normile; janltress Fremont
School, to the Starr King School, to
take effect -December 20, 1903.' ! ,•
., Miss Maude J. Coaa was elected spe
cial assistant of drawing- of the Poly
technic High School at I a salary of $75
per month, to take effect January : 11,'
1904. ' '-¦..'-¦''
The leave of'absence of Miss Alice J.-
Clark, vice.. principal ?of tho Hearst,
Grammar School, .was extended to the
beginning of the fall term, 1GC4.
Misa Emma Beardsley of ' the Jean
Parker. School was granted 'a leaved of
absence until the beginning of, the fall]
.term. .1904. , .... - V •
. ' The Board of Education ytsterday
elected five new teachers into tfie school
department by adopting- a resolution
providing that the following: named
teachers, being the next in order in
the competitive examination, held June
15, 1903, be placed on the substitute list
in the order o( their standing, to take
effect January 11, 1904:
Miss Nellie T. O'Connor, Robert A.
Lee. Miss Anna R. King, Miss Edith
Lapham and Miss Agnes K. Fahey. ,
Boanl of Education Tut on
Substitute List Those Next in
the Competitive Examination
APPOINT FIVE
NEW TEACHERS
LONDON. .Dec. 23.— The Jewish
Chronicle .announces that a joint meet
ing of the foreign committee .and of
the board of deputies of the .Anglo-
Jewish Association will be held on De
cember 2j to consider the question of
making representations .to 'the, Russian
Government through the Foreign Of
fice relative to the report that fresh
anti-Je\vish excesses are > threatened at
KIsher.ev on the Russian . Christmaa
day. The Jewish Chronicle adds that
it understands the matter is'already
engaging the attention of Foreign Sec
retary Lansdowne. . . . - . - ;
To Prevent Anti-Jewish Itiot?.
Wills Filed for Probate.
The wills of Catherine Keefe and
Margaret Spencer were filed for pro
bate yesterday. Mrs. Keefe leaves her
$10,000 estate to her children. To
Richard D. and Edward Keefe. two of
her sons, she leaves $500 each, the rest
goi'ng to her other four children. She
explains the special bequests to her
two sons in a paragraph in which she
states that she leaves them no more
because they have contracted habits
that do not meet her approval. She
also provides that in the event of any
of her children contesting the *111
they shairforfeit their bequest. Mrs.
Spencer leaves her estate, with the ex
ception of a few small *«£«¦" g
friends and a bequest of to St.
Joseoh-s Home and School for Mutes
to her nephew and niece. Herbert and
Grace MilHken. • •
Theatrical Folks Enjoy Dance
A Christmas supper ™a s * iven at
Lyric Hall last night by Miss De Mar.
Miss Dwight. MI53 Franklin and Mrs.
Williams of the "Foxy Grandpa" com
pany to fellow members of th? organi
zation aft*r the performance There
was a large attendance and the tables
were supplied with the most seasonable
viands. Dancing followed an.! was kept
up until an early hour this numlng.
Judge Harrison Offered Place.
The position of Commissioner of
the State Supreme Court left vacantby
the death of John Haynes has been
tendered Judge Ralph C. Harrison.
While no formal written communica
tions have as yet been exchanged, it
is understood that Judge Harrison will
accept the position.
All druMtsts »el> ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough
Balsam under a posim« puarante*. 23c. 50c. •
Anarcliist -Murderer Sentenced.
MONTPEL.1ER. Vt.. Dec. 23. — Alex
ander Garretto. charged with the mur
der of Eli Corti, at a riot between an-
SCENE IN THE COURTROOM OF JUDGE QUJNN OF OAKLAND DUR
ING THE ARRAIGNMENT OF WILLIAM McKOWEN FOR THE EM
BEZZLEMENT OF FUNDS OF THE STATE UNIVERSITY.
I • ,-.*... M -
Duke and Bride Honored
DUXBAR. Scotland, Dec. 23.— The
Town Council at Broxmouth Park to
day presented an address of welcome L.
inclosed in a silver casket to the Duke"
and Duchess of Roxburgh^, and the
tradesmen gave them a handsome clock
as a wedding present. The Duke heart
ily thanked the representatives of the
donors and expressed tho gratitude of
himself and the Dvfchesa for yester
day's splendid welcome.
Albert William McKowen. self-con
fessed embezzler of funds entrusted to
his temporary keeping as secretary of
the University of California, cut a sor
ry figure when he appeared for ar
raignment yesterday morning In the
court of Justice James J. Quinn-in Oak
land. His week's incarceration had i
shrunken his form and seamed his -face
with care lines, and consciousness of
the disgraceful position he occupied
was reflected in his shifting gaze as he
faced the bench and listened to the
reading of the complaint. His jaws and
chin were covered with a stubbly
growth of whisker, and he bit his
nether lip nervously and fiddled with
his fingers during tho perusal.
After informing him that Albert Wil
liam McKowen was charged by Nor
man McLaren with the crime of felony
embezzlement in having appropriated to
his own use the sum of $3315, the prop
erty of the Regents of the State Uni
versity, the Justice asked the prisoner
if he was the Albert William McKowen
there referred to. and the answer was
an affirmative nod. Then the court in
quired if the defendant had a legal ad
viser, and before a reply could be given
Deputy District "Attorney . Everett
Brown arose and stated that Attorney
Harry M. Wright, representing the de
fense, was ill at his home and unable
to appear, and had requested that the
examination of the accused be set for
January 6, 1901, a proposal which the
State was willing to accept. So the
hearing was accordingly continued. At
torney L. Church represented the
Board of Regents at the arraignment,
but took no active part in the pro
ceedings.
While waiting in the office of the pris
on to be taken to the courtroom Mc-
Kowen assumed an ill-fitting air of
nonchalance. He smoked a cigarette
and gazed listlessly through a barred
window at the street life, seemingly
oblivious to his immediate environment
until an incident occurred that tore
away his mask of pseudo indifference.
A ring of the telephone bell was .re
sponded to by Jailer Harry Clark, and
the ensuing conversation— from what
could be ascertained by hearing one
side of it — was. evidently an exchange
of holiday greetings between the officer
and a friend. "And amerry Chrtstmas
to _ you", were the words that shattered
McKowen's., false .pretense. They
brought tears to his eyes that could not
be concealed, and- he paced the floor in
apparent agitatjon until Constable Bert
Hem'pstead arrived to escort him to the
tribunal. . . = • j ¦ ,
When the constable . produced the
handcuffs McKowen started and a glow
of shame suffused his '-features, but he
submitted without- protest to being
manacled to his custodian. The march
to the courtroom' was marked by only
one notable Incident. A- little boy ran
in front of the prisoner and,', laughingly
looking up at his face, piped; "How do
you do, Mr.' McKowen?" With a smile
of recognition McKowen replied. "Very
well, , Willie; how are you?" Then he
informed the officer that the child was
a friend of his. • ¦ \ .'. .;
W. H. Smyth, with whom HcKowen
has lived ever since he came" to Califor
nia, twenty years ago," was in the court
room, and 'accompanied his" protege
back to the jail, preventing him as
much as. possible from getting within
range of the cameras that awaited him
all along the route. * v ; f ' \ . .
While in The Dalles Small ascer
tained from Chief of Police Woods that
the man for whom he was searching
was an ex-convict, who had been ar
rested under the name of Frank Slice
for burglary in Harney County. Ore
gon. While waiting trial he broke Jail
and had a battle with the officers at
The Dalles before he was retaken.
Small next turned his steps toward
Montana, and after making a search of
that State returned to Seattle and took
a steamer for this city. Accompanying
him on his remarkable pursuit are his
three children— two boys and a girl.
Small plainly stated last night that
he had no intention of harming his wife
If he found her, but in reply to a ques
tion relative to what action he would
take if he encountered Slice, he re
marked something about not missing
the first shot. Small is a middle-aged
man of good address and there is de
termination expressed in every feature.
He looks fatigued after his long jour
ney but declares that he will continue
the hunt. He Is particularly anxious
to find his wife so as to make a prop
erty settlement with her and then send
the woman to her relatives in Gervals,
Wash.
From his home town he journeyed to
Astoria and then to Seattle* and after
twenty-six nights and days of con
tinuous hunting he located them In
McMurray, Wash. Before he could
reach that" town, however, they had
taken their departure, and after hear
ing of them once In Seattle lost all
trace of them. Having been informed
that a couple answering their descrip
tion had been seen in British Colum
bia, Small visited the leading towns of
the northern province, but failed to
find a clew. He then searched Eastern
Washington and Idaho.
WAS EX-CON VI CT.
John Grant, alias Thompson or Slice. Is "S
years old weighs 150 pounds. Is 5 feet J> Inches
tall, black hair and mustache, round head and
face, scoop-shaped lower lip. Is very talka
tive wore blue checked vest and Derby hat.
Address all communications to I. B. Small,
Oswego, Or.
A reward will h<? paid to th» first person
Kivingr the present location of Man' A. Small
and John Grant, who eloped from Portland
August 15. .Th?y were last seen at McMur
ray Wash., wherp they ¦were known as 1'lara
Th'orjnpson and Frank Slice. They left McMur
ray September 10.
Mrs. Small is 30 years old. weighs lw
poqnds Is 5 feet H Inches tall, l-as front teeth
filled 'very large bluo eyes, medium com
plexion and brown hair. Sh* carried a tele
scope satchel filled with family photographs
taken In SUverton and Portland. Or. She
dresses very neatly.
REWARD.
ing is a copy. These he mailed to every
nook and corner of the United States,
and then started out to take up the
trail of the guilty pair:
archists and Socialists at Barre on the
night of October 3 last, was to-day
found guilty of manslaughter and sen
tenced to not less than ten nor more
than twelve years in State prison..
Judge Murasky issued a bench -war
rant for Mahony's arrest and fixed his
bail at 55000.
Casfidy sviore that he received but
two salary -rtarrants, one for 542 and
the other for V>0. He allegrs that there
is still a balaive of 576 due him for the
•work he performed the last time he
Trgs appointed to a position in the of
fice. He admitted that Mahony was
Indebted to him for certain sums of
money, but stated that he performed
the work of a regular clerk when he
¦was put "on the salary roll by the
County Clerk.
Finally, thp massive doors of the jury
rhambfr wero swung open and the
members of tho jury, followed by the
District Attorney and the clerk, sol
emnly filed into ihe courtroom of Judge
Hurasky. A. Storboro. the foreman,
delivered tho inctictaient into the hands
of thp Judg». ajid then the official
meeting came to an end.
John J. Caaddy. a. clerk in the claims
department of the- United Railways,
vas thr first witness called by the jury
during their extended session. His
testimony was, in fact, the only evi
dence of importance taken at the ses
sion, and he was closeted with the
jurors for half an hour.
CuHsfdy to!d how he had secured a
position in the office of the County
Clerk so»^n a/tcr the latter took his
Ffat, dunns: the month of January,
1202. Caatfdy Eiate,d that he was to
have received a salary of $150 a month
for his serWws.
1 He -worked in the office but a. month
and two days and left v ithout having
received a .rent for his labor. He
B*<ore that he had no further tran
, sa«~tions v.'ith Mahony till the first of
the present 'year, when he was made a
clerk in the office once more, and this
time his was fixed at 5100 a
month.
District Attorney Byinglon was clos
eted with the jury during the greater
pa"rt of th^ session. When the jury
finally deckled' to adjourn tho tip was
passed around th«» lobbies that Mahony
had be*n indi'*f>d and that the others
werp snfo for a few davs at least.
But swh was not the situation. "Wb^n
th<» Grand Jury had finish?*?, taking the
testimony of John J. C.issidy and
Frank French its members Jiegan their
confultation, which lasted for nearly
two hours. AH the evidence- presented
v &s carefully -weighed and the facts
were considered, and then the secret
indictment xemm -returned before Presid
ing Judge Murisky.
Yesterrlay afternoon tho Crand Jury,
sfter a long and tedious session, re-
Turned an indictment againsr County
Clerk Albert B. Mahony on a. charge of
felony; Contrary to exp>-jrta*.ir>nj:, no in
dictments were issued against Cassidy,
Brady, Pierce or Davidson, though it
is r/robable that they will share the
fete of Mahony when the jury meets
again.
It was known that the indictment
against Mahony would suncly be forth
coming, and when the jury remained in
seFsion for fo long a time the general
opinion prevailed that th<> others whose
rsmfs have boen linked ivith the scan
dals in the office of tho County Clerk
would certainly meet with the same
fate. "
Upon the disappearance of her moth
er Lona, a 16-year-old daughter, con
fided to her father that while at the
hotel Grant had taken advantage of
her. Heart-broken and thoroughly
aroused by what he had learned. Small
determined to • leave no stone unturned
to hunt down the fiend who had ruined
his home, and his wife particularly, in
view of the fact that the latter was at
times subject to dementia.
The injured husband caused to be
printed a circular, of which the follow-
ritory, but rather to persuade her to
break off an alliance that will only end
in disaster. As for the wrecker of a
happy home and polluter of his daugh
ter Small does not say much, but a pe
culiar glitter in his eyes signifies that
if a meeting occurs the crack of the
pistol will be heard.
Small conducts a hotel at Oswego and
his lands cover many acres adjoining
the hamlet. In the early part of De
cember, 1902. John Grant, employed as
a section hand on the railroad, made
his appearance in the town and took
up quarters at the hotel. He was a
pleasant, sociable fellow and readily
made friends. After remaining in Os
wego about two months he removed to
Portland, but often called to see his old
friends, the Smalls. On .^August 13 of
this year Mrs. Small disappeared, and
upon investigating" Small ascertained
that she had eloped with their former
lodger, Grant.
CHILD TELLS STORY.
Somewhat weary in body and spirit
after a four months' fruitless search
through four States and a portion of
British Columbia for an erring wife and
her unscrpulous paramour. I. B. Small,
a prosperous resident of Oswcgo, Or.,
arrived in this city yesterday still seek
ing a crew to the whereabouts of the
couple. The story told by the injured
husband at the Hall of Justice ' last
night would furnish ample material for
an enterprising playwright with melo
dramatic aspirations.
¦ It is not with a desire to wreak venge
ance upon the mother of his children
that • prompted the aggrieved husband
to institute the search that has car
ried him over thousands of miles of ter-
Davidson, Pierre. Cassidy and
Brady Will Probably Have
to Face Same A/'cusations
When Jurors Assemble Again
Journeys Over* Four States
and a Portion of British
Columbia Seeking a Clew
IS HELD TO ANSWER
L'XDER 85000 BONDS
PATHETIC STORY
OF WBECKED HOME
Grand Jury, After a Lengthy
Session, Brings in an n In
dictment Against County
Clerk on a Felony ; Charge
I.. B. Small Is Making a Ke
. markablc Search for Err
; ing* Wife and Her Paramour
Hears Reading of Complaint That Charges Him With
Grave Crime of Felony Embezzlement, and Shud
ders When He Is Handcuffed and Led to Court
CALL UPON
MAHONY TO
FACE TRIAL
SEARCHES
VAINLY FOR
GUILTY PAIR
McKOWEN GIVES WAY TO TEARS
AT GRY OF "MERRY CHRISTMAS!"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY. DECEMBER 24, 1903,
CuilleU"» . Christmas extra ¦ minre pies," ice
cream and cake. 005 Larkin et.; tcl. East IDS.*
RAN* JOSE. Ver. 23.-— Colonel A. K^ Whit
ton to-day filed notice "of- appropriation of
2*00 Inches of the waters of I.lagas Oreeb.
to be used for domestic purposes. , irrigation
and thi 1 Generation of power on the San Mar
tin rancho.- . . - ¦ - ,.--..
.'Red -Eyes and . Eyelids, ¦ Granulated
Kye'lids «nd other Eye troubles cured by
Murine Eye Remedy. . - •
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' . ' -.: '. '.' Q '
|H Double j|||
Green
Trading
Stamps
! Given on Turkeys and Groceries
j of all kinds when you make
i your own delivery : : : : :
i &^^J 1049 Market Street. <l§ilij
MARKS BBOS.
Here Are a Few Things
THAT SHE WOULD LIKE
..FOR CHRISTMAS..
* * • * • *
A Box of Our Christmas Hosiery
4 pairs in box: a choice of fine lislf.
fancy lace or elegant silk In solid
Hack or colors.
$1.00, $2.00. $3.00, $4.00 anJ
$5.00 a Box.
* • • * * • •
A Leather
Band Bag Is a Graceful Present
A Carriage Bag. an Automobile Bag,
or a Wrist Bag made of Black, Tied
or Brown Leather. Is what the Smart
Folks are favoring.
OLT. ASSORTMENT IS' UNSUR-
PASSED: ! !
Our Prices -50c. $1.00, $1.50,
$2 00, $2.50, $3.00 upward
to $10.00.
*••*?•
One of Our Handsome Lace Cape
Collars Would Make Her
Very Happy.
¦ ••• They are so Rich and Dressy and so
Popular.
You can make a lovely choice for
$1.50,- $2.00, $2.50, $3.00 up-
ward to $10.00.
* • • • • * •
Every Woman Likes a Stylish Belt
. Our Holiday Hns of Belts guarartees
you a choice of the Best and Newest
Stylos. Fashionable Plaited Patent
Leather Belts with silver buckles;
Kraceful Satin Girdle Beltn and tne
smart Rtd Leather Belts make ac-
i:-ptalilwBlft«> indeed.
Prlces£-2Sc, 50c, 75c, $1.00,
$1.50 upward to $3.50.
* • • • • *
Give Her One of Our Exquisitely
Pretty Stock Collars
Women Love Dainty Neckwear.
Charmlncr creations in Chiffon, hand-
Liberty Silk and Lace
make welcome acutssorles for Even*
In* Waist* and Dressy Gowns.
Prices -25c, 50c, $'.00, $1.50
upward to $4.00.
* V *rJ* t * *
Our Christmas
Handkerchiefs Are Beautiful
Each - 10c, 15c, 29c, 25c upward
to $1.50.
PerBox-75c. $1.00, $1.50 up-
ward to $5.00.
Six handkerchief* in-box. Lace on Em-
broidered.
* * ? • * *
A Mce 11 311 Jay Present
One of Our Stylish Fur Boas
Special To-Day at $1.50.
Worth $2.00, white or rray.
* • • * • • ;
GREEN* 'TRADING STAMPS GIVEN
' WITH EVERY PURCHASE.
Marks Bros.
1220-22-24 Market St.
Between Taylor and Jones.
OPEN TO-NIGHT. '
.HALE'S. i , . HALE'S.
ij Plenty hurry-up gifts for hurry-up folks fo-day.
Last-Minute Gifts
Extra sales help to wait upon yon promptly.
Handkerchiefs — Always acceptable A Feather Boa? — Don't hesitate
and especially these pretty lace any longer. Here are fashionable
ones at 25c and 50c. and even ones even at $10.00: much longer
fancier ones at 75c and $1.00. The than yon usually get at $10.00 (a!-
fancy. boxes arc not all sold. mt«t 5 feet). And a few at
Stationery — A good thing. Many $12.59 equally tempting,
of our fancy boxes arc sold, but A Wagon or a Velocipede for the
there rye enough here to-day to boys? Why not an automobile, a
make it worth your while to sec velocipede, hook ?nd ladder or a
them. Many of the boxes arc wheelbarrow? They're on the
made to u^e for other things af- 4th floor.
¦ tcr the writing paper is gone; for To ys and Dolls? Not too late vet
handkerchiefs, lor ribbons or Wc keep them all the year round!
trinkets. yon }. Ilmv
Christmas Candy— Hale's is the Books and Games? Don't forzet
place to get it-fresh, pure and them, and don't forget Halc's
wholesome here, put up in many
Christmas ways. 1
Crystallized Fruit— 45c box. That Hale
has been a great thine with us 1C11C
the last dav or two. The box is f~llr»\7** Ot»H#»»»cr
of California wood with Calitor- VJIOV e UraerS
nia scenes burnt on the cover. . Ju?t the gifts for little folks
Inside is a full pound of as- to buy. and especially Hale
sorted fruit. Glove Orders. Thev open the
Perfumery — Look at all these wa >" to the best and prettiest
" Christinas boxes and baskets gloves there are. Cash them
•we'll sell to-day — dainty holiday at any of Hale's California
missives. A few even at ioc. and stores.
many at 25c and 50c. Some Francisco,
clever and original ones at $t.oo Sacramento,
and $1.50. and some French boxes Stockton,
as high as $5.00. San Jose.
A Dressing Saque or Lounging Salinas.
Robe— Of soft, warm eiderdown. L etaluma.
How comfortable they are—and ' Lns AnKe'fs- •
how coveted. Plenty 'for you to A 5 P ecia ' cashier at the clove
select from to-day. " counter to make them out.
If you forgot anything come for it this evening.
It's the last chance to sec tht* Christmas store.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THISTLES AND DANDUUPF.
An Interesting: Parallel and a Valuable
Deduction Therefrom.
Cutting down thistles no more relieves
the land of thistles than does scouring
the scalp cure dandruff. In each case
permanent relief can only come from
eradicating permanently the cause. A
germ that plows up the scalp In search-
ing for tho hair root, whore it naps (he
vitality, causes dandruff, falling hair
and baldness. If you kill that germ,
you'll havf no dandruff, but a luxuriant
suit of hair. Xewbro's Herplcido is tlto
only hair preparation in the world that
cures dandruff and falling hair by kill-
ins the Kerm. '"Destroy the cause, you
remove the effect." Sold by leadlns drug-
gists. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
HpicturesE ••
Rk-I Carefully Selected and Proper- Yj
y\ ly Framed. ft;
m CANDELABRA K
|oj Gold Plated. Silver Plated and f A
Wl Old Brass Finish. l£
j4 Candle Shades h
IVJ Silk, Linen and Paper. y
fl CALENDARS and J4
Hi CHRISTMAS CARDS V
p] OPEN EVENINGS. Irj
H GALL AGHER" BROS, g
K\ 27 aSAXTT ATS. f
||! CLUETT, PEABODY A CO. jfc-j
gSS MAKERS Or !|i
Igjtf CLUETT «N3 ARROW COLLARS Rg J '
I JUST PURE BEEFJ
(LIEBIG * [
COMPANY'S
Extract of Beef
I Genuine with . f/L^^^^^^. I
I blue signature: /j * Tf - r * *^^J |
job sSaff lis* <m> \Xr dL