ONCE NOTED SCOUT AND BORDER DETECTp'Ei.WHOl.WrLL, GONDUCT
HIS OWN EXECUTION'IN CHEYENNE f TO-DAY, AND " STATE * EXECU
TIVE WHO HAS BEEN i THREATENED WITH" ASSASSINATION.
preparations for the arrival. of a, tiny,
visitor have been progressing for some
time at the horne of Mr. and Mrs/Wil
liam K. "Va rider bUt Jr. -
Mrs. Vanderbilt was Miss Virginia
Fair and was married to William K.
Vanderbilt Jr. on April 4, ' 1S?9. They
have had one child, a daughter, which
was born November 23. 1900.
Extensive Preparations for Its Ar
rival Have Been in Progress
for Some Time.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Extensive
TINY VISITOR EXPECTED
AT THE VANDERBILT HOME
. SALT LAKE. Nov. 19.— At a late
hour to-night Governor .Wells refused
to interfere with' the. death sentence
imposed on Peter Mortensen for the
murder of James R.; Hay, and before
noon to-morrow, Mortensen will be shot
to death in the yard at.the State Pen
itentiary. The decision of the Governor
not to -Interfere was "reached after he
arid two other members of the board of
pardons^ had listened to a long and
earnest plea of the prisoner for a stay
of execution in order that ,he might
prove his fnnocence. ,. He failed, how
ever, to' convince the board that he
could produce evidence not already
brought out. during his trial.
Earlier in the day the State Supreme
Court refused Mortensen's petition for
a rehearing : on, the second appeal of
his ' case',": and as a . last hope the pris
oner asked that" he be permitted to ap
pear before, the Board of Pardons and
show cause why he should not be shot
to-morrow. ~~*~~'
' All arrangements for the execution
have been ' completed. • The six guards
Governor of Utah Refuses to Com
mute Murderer's Sentence.
MORTENSEN MUST DIE.
Young was in charge of a Govern
ment team in front of the Pennsylvania
depot at 4 o'clock ; yesterday afternoon
when the President's carriage, contain
ing Mrs. Roosevelt and Mrs. Cowles,
drove up to the shed in front of the
station. The heavy wagc-n'in charge of
the soldier was in the path of the con
veyance from the White House, and
the artilleryman was requested to drive
on a few feet by Policeman Whalen. ;
Instead of .complying, Young began to
swear and was arrested.
When the case was called in court to
day Young said he had had a drink of
whisky and might have made use of
bad . language, but he was not sure.
Young enlisted in the army two years
ago. He was a resident of-Philadel
phia, where his parents now reside.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON; Nov. 19.—Wil
liam H. Young, '36 ywars old, an artil
leryman attached ;to the Fourth Bat
tery of Field Artillery, stationed at Fort
Myer, Virginia,^ was convicted here in
police court to-day of ; using profanity
in the presence of Mrs. Roosevelt. He
was sentenced by Judge Ivory G. Kim
ball to pay. a fine of $20 or spend two
months in the workhouse as an equiva
lent. He went to the workhouse.
Special - Dispatch . to The ' Call,
Army Man Curses
Before Wife of
President. }
Horn seemed to slowly yield and
finally] knelt "down and prayed with the
minister. . After the service, Horn de
clared to Mr,"; Watson that he realized
his position and that there was no hope
for him. .He then; told the minister that
he, had been "reading ; the Bible given
him and "that heVdesired, as a cowboy,
to -say he would -/'go straight" to his
Maker." . . . .
Horn, realizing that all . hope; was
gone,' prepared to-night to meet his
God. Rev. Mr. Watson of St." Mark's
Episcopal Church, assisted 1 by a choir
of three, held a service in the , cell of
the condemned cattle detective this
evening, at which Horn for the first
time succumbed to religious influence.
The service was a dramatis one and
during'the singing of the hymn, "Jesus,
Lover of^My Soul," Horn first showed
a' realization ' of his position. During
Mr. Watson's prayer "Jim" ; McLoud,'
who broke jail with Horn last summer,
burst, into passionate weeping.
CONDEMNED * MAN : PRAYS.
k Word was received to-day that
Horn's friends would attempt hls^ rescue
to-night. The, force of guards has been
doubled and ..the full strength of; the
militia companies is thrown I about the
jail. .If Horn's friends come there will
be one of 'the bloodiest battles In the
history of the West, arid if the attack
ing party should v succeed in storming
the Jail they will not get Horn, for he
will b? A shot down by the guards. These
are the orders given them."
GRIM. ORDER TO GTJARDS.
When Horn Is placed on the trap he
will set in motion the machinery of
death, his own weight opening a valve
causing water, to flow from a vessel.
When sufficient water has escaped a
heavy weight will fall to the floor,
jerking the hinged prop from under
the trap and Horn will drop six feet
and four inches. The gallov/s, -which
Is erected in one corner ' of the jail,
within twenty ; feet of Horn and In
plain view, was tested to-night with
bags of sand of Horn's weight. The
rope was tested ' with a 400- pound
weight. Everything is ih readiness for
the execution. ' . . .. ,
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 19.—Prep
arations were to-night completed for
the execution of Tom Horn, ex-army
scout, range stock detective, paid as
sassin of the cattle barons and reputed
slayer, of -half a dozen men, who will
be hanged at "11 o'clock to-morrow for
the murder of William Nickoll of Iron
Mountain. Horn -will be his own ex
ecutioner. He will be taken from the
death chamber at 10:30 o'clock, his
arms and legs strapped/and before
stepping on the gallows will be per
mitted to bid his friends good-by and
make any address to the newspaper
men he desires.
: Cheyenne is filled with cowboys from
all- parts of this State, Colorado and
even New Mexico/, Bets of $50 arid 5100
are being made at even money that
Horn will-not hang." -The officials ac
cept these bets as meaning there will be
an attempt to rescue Hern.
Yi Horn was given letters to-night from
,hls two sisters, one in Canada and one
in' Missouri; and their heartbreaking
farewells failed to break down his mar
velous composure." -
The vigilance of the authorities "and
their fear of the desperation of Horn's
friends is evidenced by the fact that
Charley Irwin, a prominent cowboy and
a devoted frisnd.of Horn, this after
noon obtained a letter from Governor
Chattertcm asking Sheriff Smalley, If
the latter deemed it safe, to permit Ir
win to speak to Horn In his cell. This
the Sheriff refused to, do.
GOVERNOR RECEIVES THREAT.
Governor Chatterton has received a
letter, written on stationery of the Al
bany Hotel, in Denver^threatening him
with death unless he commuted the
sentence of Tom : Horn, who is to be
hanged here to-morrow for the murder
of. William NIckell. The letter declared
in. substance that if Horn were permit
ted to hang, Governor Chatterton would
not live twenty-four hours thereafter.
The,. Governor does not regard the
threat seriously. \ •
Mr. Watson says that Horn is not an
infidel, altho-ugh his knowledge of re
ligion is most rudimentary. !
BAD WORDS
OPEN PRISON
TO SOLDIER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wyoming's Governor Warned That
His Assassination Will Follow
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 19.— At the
door of the Arcade depot, in the midst
of a crowd of 200 or more people and
before the eyes of scores of them. Hen
ry C. Roemer, until recently a consta
ble at Downey, this county, shot his
wife in the head, and then waiting for
her to arise and while her children
ivere clinging to her skirts shot her
again through the body. Before any
person cculd interfere he turned his re
volver upon himself and sent a bullet
through his heart, falling dead.
The tragedy occurred at 6 o'clock this
evening, when hundreds of persons
from the suburban trains and those
who were about to leave on/ outgoing
trains were crowding into the Southern
Pacific depot. The woman's wounds are
not necessarily fatal, and the surgeons
at the Receiving Hospital, whither she
was taken, say that she has more than
an even chance of recovery-
Whisky and Jealousy of his ex-con
vict brother prompted Roemer to com
mit the crime, which, had he succeeded
as he intended, would have left his two
little girls, aged 4 and 6 years, parent
less. They were witnesses to his at
tempt upon their mother's life and of
his own suicide. 'Possibly, the last
words he heard was the' screaming ap
peal of his elder daughter, who after
her mother had once been shot turned
upon the father and pleaded, with ter
ror in her voice and eyes.
"Oh, papa, papa, don't hurt mamma
any more."
In another Instant he had fired the
second shot at his wife and his third
ended his own life.
Roemer was perhaps the best-known
citizen of the Downey district. For
years he had been Constable" and
Deputy Sheriff there. A few months
ago he was convicted of selling liquor
without a license and paid a heavy fine.
As a result his Deputy Sheriff's star
was taken from him and he was obliged
to resign as Constable.
Four years ago his brother, Frank
Roemer, killed a man named Ullery
near Downey and was sentenced to ten
years in the penitentiary. Governor
Gage paroled Roemer and the latter
returned to Downey and began living
at the home of his brother. Henry
Roemer became jealous and after a vio
lent quarrel he swore out an insanity
complaint against his wife. She was
committed to the Highland Asylum.
A month or two ago she was dis
charged as cured and returned home.
Again Frank Roemer began showing
her attentions and this so enraged
Henry that the latter began drinking
heavily. A man of quiet habits when
sober, he was converted Into almost a
demon by drink, and for tho past two
weeks there had been constant quarrels
between him and his wife.
According to her statement, he final
ly refused to provide food for his fam
ily, and this morning there was noth
ing to eat In the house. She then told
him she would come to Los Angeles to
the home of her father and there se
cure food for her children. Despite his
repeated warnings she packed her be
longings and boarded the train. As
the train neared Los Angeles he en
tered the car. He, too, had boarded the
train without her knowledge. He de
manded that she return home, but she
refused. He waited until she had
reached the door of the depot and then
confronted her, and despite the fact
that scores of persons were crowding
past them, he stopped her in the nar
row passage and demanded to know if
Ehe intended to leave him. When she
answered that she did, he drew a re
volver and shot her through the cheeks.
There was a panic among those in the
depot and no person tried to interfere.
Mrs. Roemer fell to the floor, but soon
staggered to her feet and begged her
busband not to shoot her. Their terri
fied children were clinging to their
mother's skirts and screaming to their
father not to hurt .their mother, but
Roemer, as soon as the woman gained
her feet, pressed the revolver against
her right arm and fired a bullet through
her body. As she fell he sent a bullet
through his own heart.
While their mother was being lifted
on a stretcher to be conveyed to a
hospital the two little girls were lifted
over the body of their father and taken
to the home of their grandparents.
Late to-night it was given out at the
hospital that the woman will speedily
recover unless blood poisoning super
venes. . -
but only twenty-three members second
ed the demand— an Insufficient number.
William Alden Smith (R.) of Michi
gan demanded a division, and on a ris
ing vote the ayes were 335 and the noes
2L This passed the bill. : •
er entertained the appeal.
Payne moved to lay the appeal on
the table, and his motion was carried
by a. vote of 193 to 165, a strict party
alignment.
On the passage of the bill an attempt
was made to secure an aye and no vote, (
Just before 4 o'clock Payne of New
York said he did not care to talk fur
ther, and Williams moved to recommit
the bill to the Ways .and Means Com
mittee, with instructions in the line of
the amendments previously proposed.
The Speaker ruled the motion to be out
of order. Williams appealed from the
decision of the chair and asked to be f
heard on the point of order. Payne
raised a point of order, but the Speak-
"Well." responded Williams, "If I am.
the Lord knexs I am unconscious of it.
But I would say the length It would
take would depend upon the care and
etrenuosity brought -Into action at the
other end of the avenue. If you could
just half-way approximate the celerity
that has lately actuated this adminis
tration in connection with the new
born republic of Panama you would
have it back here in three days."
"But the minds of all the mighty
Caesars In another place have not op
crated on this Panama business yet.
and they have operated on this treaty,"
said Payne.
"They will operate In some way or
another." Eald Williams, "providing the
trust is not hurt. They are waiting
for us."
Payne replied: "The gentleman is try
ing to help the sugar trust by his
amendment."
"Protection is a system 'of taxation
¦whereby many are robbed in order that
& few may be hothoused by legislation
Into artificial prosperity."
Williams charged that the Republi
cans did not desire to enter upon tariff
revision for fear It would open the
doors to too extended a revision. The
Republicans had a majority In the
House and Senate and ''a very large
majority in the White House." Some
cf the pledges of prosperity of the ma
jority were aJready collapsing. The
people, he said, were beginning to find
that their laws were keeping In power
cot only monopolies, but public cheats.
WilU^ms (D.) of Mississippi, leader of
the minority, answering a statement on
the Republican side that the Democrats
forced the talk on this bill, said he had
offered to have a vote on the minority
amendment and the vote on the bill
•without debate. Replying to Watson.
Williams said:
Watson (R.) of Indiana, one of the
new members on the Ways and Means
Committee, favored the bllL
Sulzer (D.) of New York paid he would
vote for the bill, as it was, a little step
In the rig-ht direction.
Hepburn (R.) of Iowa followed,'say
ing at the outset that he would \-ote for
the bill, but with reluctance. He said
he was not one of those who believed
he owed Cuba anything. This country
had spent $300,000,000 or J400.000.000 and
sacrificed many lives that Cuba might
be relieved from oppression. Hepburn
Eaid he believed in Republican reci
procity—the reciprocity of McKinley.
In this connection he quoted from the
speech made by the late President at
Buffalo. He declared that there was
nothing in that speech that differed one
lota from the stable, established pollcy
cf the Republican party; there was
absolutely nothing in that speech to
chow that McKinley was approaching
free trade.
Broussard CD.) of Louisiana opened
the debate to-day. He opposed ' the
measure and said it was not In line
with Democratic tariff reform. . • .
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The House
/to-day, by a rising vote of 335 to 21.
i passed the bill to make effective the
• Cuban reciprocity treaty. The dissent
,*icg votes were about equally divided
1 between Republicans and Democrats.
i but there was no record vote, the
. minority having too few votes to order
the ayes and noes.
The Democrats, under the leadership
of Williams, sought to the last to ob
tain amendments to the bill in accord
ance with the action of the Democratic
.caucus, but were defeated steadily.
Williams made the final effort when he
tried to have the bill recommitted to
the Ways and Means Committee, with
Instructions to amend, but a point of
.crder. under the special rule providing
for a vote on the bill ¦without interven
ing motion, was sustained.
Cannon received Williams' appeal
" from his ruling, saying he preferred to
err. If he erred at all, in giving the
.K^use the right to express its will.
The appeal was tabled by a strict party
vote.
who will do the shooting have been
selected and the rifles and steel jacket
ed, bullets to be used have been thor
oughly examined. The riflemen will be
located in the prison. blacksmith shop,
concealed behind a screen In which
there will be an opening' only large
enough to permit the men to take care
ful aim' on the condemned man, who
will be seated In a chair with his back
to the prison wall. One rifle will be
loaded with a blank cartridge so that
nobody will know who fired the fatal
shots.- "
Out of thirty-five men who constituted
the crew of the work train only four
are living, and two of these are seri
ously Injured. Wreckage Is strewn
along the track for 200 feet and twenty
four hours will elapse before it can be
cleared.
One of the last bodies recovered was
that of William Bailey, who had been
thrown thirty feet into the air and held
In place by two steel rails which had
been pushed up between the locomotive
and the tender of the work train. The
workmen had been laying fails at dif
ferent points along the track.
The Injured were taken to the two
cabooses of the relief train, where hos
pitals were Improvised. One caboose
was taken to Morton, while the other
was taken to Tremcmt. Widows and
orphans thronged around the wreck to
night asking for information.
ENGINEEB'S LEAP FOR LIFE.
When about two miles from Nincrt
and enteriPS a cut, each engineer saw
the other f.pproachinj; train, and. real
izing that it was impossible to stop,
each threw on the emergency brake,
whistled twice and then leaped from
his cab.
The collision was seen by Russell
Noonan, who hastened to a nearby
house and telephoned to Tremont. A
special train with four physicians was
made up in a few minutes and in less
than a half hour was at the wreck. At
the same time another train arrived
from Peking, bearing Superintendent
Barnard of the Big Four and three
physicians. The second train bore a
number of Turkish rugs, and these were
utilized to carry out the bodies of the
victims. After working two hours the
bodies of twenty-six men were taken
out and laid on an embankment near
the side of the track.
BODY THIRTY FEET IN AIR.
The list of the dead follows:
ROBERT KING, Tremont.
THOMAS TROY, Txemont.
WILLIAM EADS, Tremont.
CHARLES E. MEYERS, Blooming
ton. •
GEORGE SMITH, Bloomington.
GEORGE HARMON, Bloomington.
JOHN DORAN, Bloomington.
JOHN SMITH, Bloomington.
FRED BACHMAN. Danvers.
JOHN SHAW, Mackinaw.
STEPHEN CULTER, Mackinaw.
Twenty unidentified men, mangled be
yond recognition.
Conductor J. W. Jude of Indianap
olis, who had charge of the freight
train, received orders at Urbana, it is
said, to wait at Mackinaw for the work
train. The freight train did not stop.
The engineer of the work train. George
B. Thacker, had orders. It Is said, to
pass the freight train at Mackinaw and
was on the way thither. The work
train was about five minutes late and
was running at full speed in order to
make ud time.
LIST OF THE - VICTIMS..
A 6econd after the collision the boiler
of the work train exploded, throwing
iron bars and timbers a distance of 200
feet., . . ... ... -. . - - •.-•.--
The collision occurred in a deep cut
at the beginning of a sharp curve,
neither train being visible to the crew
of the other until they were within
fifty feet of each other. The engineers
set the brakes, sounded the whistles and
then jumped. The trains struck with
such force that the crash was heard a
mile away.
PEORIA, 111., Nov. 19.— Thirty-one
men were killed and at least fifteen
injured to-day in a head-end collision
between a west-bound freight train and
a work train- on the Cleveland. Cincin
nati, Chicago and St. Louis Railrojfd,
between Mackinaw and Tremont, 111.
All of the bodies have been taken from
the debris, which Is piled thirty feet
high on the tracks — a huge pile of
broken timber and twisted and dis
torted iron and steel. The bodies are
mangled so that many are unrecogniz
able. All of the dead and most of the
injured were members of the work
train. The crews on both locomotives
jumped to save their lives.
The Count was asked: "Then Russia
has agreed not to oppose the open door
or commercial facilities ?' to which he
replied: SkSK
"The principle of Chinese sovereignty
must be upheld, with all it Implies.
Russian troops may remain as railway
guards, not as a sign of Russian sov
ereignty. The country must remain
China's, and the treaties will hold good
in every detail. New ports are opened
by China In Manchuria under her new
treaties. The door is open and our
traders are in Manchuria n towns now.
KOREA MTJST BE LET ALONE.
"Japan demands that the sovereign
rights of China and the open door for
trade should be maintained. Ih this
Great Britain - and the United States
support her. I do not think Russia will
or can object, but o£ course I cannot
tell you anything about the negotia
tions now pending."
Turning to Korea the .Count was
asked if there was any statement of
Japan's views that could be sent to
England. The Premier replied that it
was an avowed principle of Japanese
policy that no other power must med
dle with Korea. Any outside inter
ference there, he said. wouM certainly
be a casus belli, but nothing of the sort
was likely to occur.
The interviewer, remarked: "But
there have been many reports of recent
Russian encroachments and intrigue in
Korea."
The Premier said: "Some of these
reports are erroneous; due to excessive
zeal on the part of Russian officials."
"If Russia does not keep faith it is to
her discredit, but it is no casus belli to
Japan. All that talk is a mistake.
There Is no difference of opinion in our
Cabinet. The British opinion seems to
be that if Russia will not withdraw it
is no use making a fuss so long as tha
open door is guaranteed, with full
maintenance of treaty rights; and the
British view Is our view in this mat
ter."
Asked about the view expressed la
seme Japanese papers that Russia's re
cent action amounted to an attack;
that the retention of Russian troops in
Manchuria was fa challenge which Ja
pan must accept, the Count replied:
"No, it is nothing of the kind. That
is only a little newspaper sensational
ism. The agitation in the Japanese
press about Russia's pledge. to evacuate
Manchuria does not represent the views
of the Japanese Government. Russia
only said that to China as a mere vol
untary promise. It was no pledge to
Japan; it cannot be Insisted upon by
Japan as an obligation.
NOT A PLEDGE TO JAPAN.
"The outer world," he said, "is told
of one man who shouts for war, but
the ninety and nine who do not are not
mentioned. You, who live In Japan,
can see for yourselves how universally
quiet is the tone of press and speaker.
"If war should be forced upon us, that
is another thing. We are absolutely
prepared to defend our national exist
ence at any moment. I feel sure there
is no danger of any such emergency,
but we are ready."
The Daily Mail's Tokio correspond
ent has received telegrams from Seoul
saying that the Russian Minister has
again successfully interfered to pre
vent the opening of Tongampho, con
sent to which the Korean Foreign Min
ister was on the point of communicat
ing to the British, American and Jap
anese Ministers on Tuesday last.
The Times Shanghai correspondent
says that a private letter from an of
ficial at Moukden states that the Rus
sians have treated the native authori
ties with the vitmost Indignity, openly
declaring that $n».r»pc.iui 1 «atiaii ~,&a tn
tended as" an intimation that Russia
would not permit the exercise of treaty
rights in Manchuria and claiming that
the United States and Japan had re
cently concluded a convention.
Count Katsura, the Japanese Pre
mier, in an interview with the corre
spondent of the Manchester Guardian
in Tokio, said it was a great mistake
to think the Japanese were eager to
fight.
The Daily Mail's Tientsin correspond
ent announces that the Japanese have
occupied "Wlchu, at the mouth of the
Yalu River, and that the Chinese Gov
ernment has -withdrawn its note to the
provincial Governors advising them to
prepare for war.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— The Morning
Post's Chefu correspondent, ¦who has
just returned from the Yalu River re
gion, learns that It is Russia's inten
tion soon to occupy" Shaho in force.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New Tor*
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by th» New Yorlc
Herald Publishing Company.
Crews of the Two Locomo
tives Save Their Lives
by Jumping. •
Strictly Party Vote on Ap
peal From One Ruling
• by Speaker.
Jealous Husband Uses a
Pistol in Presenc3 of
Spectators.
Premier Katsura Makes a
Full Statement of Japan
ese Attitude.
Crash Makes Debris of
Cars Crowded by
v Laborers.
Democrats Make Fu
tile Attempts to
Amend,
Movement a Menace
to the Interests of
America.
Children Plead for
the Life of the
Mother.
Big Four Freight
and Work Train
Collide.
Only Twenty -One
Negative Votes
Recorded.
Tragedy at Rail
road Depot in
Los Angeles.
Troops to Occupy
Shaho, on Yalu
River.
SHOOTS WIFE
AND HIMSELF
IN A CROWD
THIRTY-ONE
MEN PERISH
IN A WRECK
CUBAN BILL
PASSED BY
THE HOUSE
CZAR PLANS
SEIZURE OF
NEW POINT
THE VE&TSEB.
V Forecast mad* at Ban Fran
cisco for thirty honrs vnWvg
mldnlsfht, November 30:
Ban Francisco and vicinity —
'aoudy, unsettled weather Fri
/&ay, wltn showers; brisk to hlfh
southerly winds.
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
TEE THSATXB3 V / •-¦
Alcazar — "Wi» CluV»",B»tiy7*/ *_,
Calif omia — '•3l»-Hopilas."- '.*
Central— ""Under ihe v Folar Star."
Columbia — Virginia Kansed'ia.
Columbia — Matinee To-O*jr-
Benefit In Aid of Theatrical*
Manayerm" Coarlty rnad.
Fischer's — "Rube» and Eotea."
Grand— "Ben Hut."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Cnutea — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — Grand Opera.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
VOLUME XC1V— NO. 173.
COWBOYS THREATEN ATTACK
ON PRISON AT CHEYENNE TO
PREVENT HANGING OF HORN
The San Francisco Call.Mining Man Js Found Murdered.
; MISSOULA, Mont.. Nov. , 19.— The
body^of M." M. "Johnson, a prominent
Montana mining man, has been found
. in a '! deserted cabin near Salteso. A
bullet hole In the breast indicated that
he ! had been murdered. L
ST. ' PETERSBURG. Nov. 19.— The
trial of. persons accused of participating
In ? the I massacre , of Jews , at; '. Kishenev
was I begun to-day.' before the Odessa
court, sittlnjj; at \ Kishenev. ¦¦' , , - ::-
OmTrial for Massacre of , Jews.
SAN ANTONIO, : Tex., Nov. 19.— The
official ¦- proclamation ; off Governor Lan
ham, raisin? the 'quarantine < against
San -Antonio,' went > into J effect - to-day
and towns and , ; counties throughout
Texas 1 have i lifting y, their V local
quarantine.! ; .Train service ' will be ¦ re
sumed "on ; all railroads ' to-morrow. '
Texas 'Quarantine Is Lifted.
' ' ] BERLIN, Nov. 19— The edition ; of the
Rheinlsch Westfaelische Zeitung of Es
sen has*- been confiscated for lese ma-,
jeste. T)ie. paper contained an article
translated; from • IIehry fi Labouchere's
. London\Truth, . giving anT alleged inter-.
(view] with''' the late Professor Mommsen
jin : which/ Emperor William was^sharp T
fly criticized. * The' newspaper is* one = of
¦ ;the ' Reading national -Liberal organs ' In
"iWest^Germany. "" " f? - . ' .'
German Newspaper Is in Trouble.
LOG ANSPORT, Ind. , r Nov. 19.— As
Paymaster Snee of "the : Pennsylvania
Railroad was : leaving the bank to-day
with , $42,000, ; employes', salaries, \ Sheriff
Buckley took from] him the satchel con
taining : the ? money, carried it to the
courthouse, arfd, pouring. It upon a
table, * seized nearly, $20,000. The Sheriff
was collecting judgments awarded two
men for injuries sustained on the Penn
sylvania ; lines.. . t
Seizes 'Satchel From Hands, of Pay-
IV '' master to Satisfy ; Two .. Court
Judgments.
SHERIFF TAKES SALARIES
V OF 'RAILROAD EMPLOYES
ST. L.OUIS. Nov. 19.— Lillie Belle
Pierce lost her suit against the estate
of the late Colonel 'Luther E. Imboden,
the sealed verdict opened in the Cir
cuit ' Court to-day declaring that she
was not the wife of Colonel Imboden at
the time of his death, and was not en
titled to the benefits she claimed.
Miss' Pierce sought to establish her
claim as the common law widow of Im
boden. By this suit she asked for the
granting~ot,a,$500 annuity, intending,
if successful, to bring to secure the
widow's share of the testate, which is
estimated to be worth about $500,000.
Mrs. Etaeleke' Imboden Parrish, the
daughter of Colonel Imboden, resisted
the suit. Miss Pierce is the daughter
of George Pierce, a former police ser
geant. She produced testimony that
¦she and Imboden entered' into. a com-,
mon ;law . marriage . agreement July 27,'
1898, with her mother 'as a witness.
Declares That Lillie Belle Pierce Was
Not Married to the Late Colonel
Imboden. '
JURY FINDS A VERDICT
AGAINST ALLEGED WIDOW
VIENNA, Nov. 20.— A lawsuit will
soon come beforeUhe courts in connec
tion with the deathbed marriage of
Count Pius Chamere and Wanda Blg.u
etein, a chorus girl. The Count .was re
cently injured in an automobile^ acci
dent. Two days before his death : he
married Wanda Blaustein and, made a
will in which he lef t-h'is widow his en
tire fortune of four million kroner.
Members of the Count's family have
declared their, intention of contesting
the will, that the Count was
not in a fit condition to dispose of hiq
property. :" ¦ *;. •
Assert Tliat Ho Was Mentally Inca
pacitated When He Disposed of
His Property.
RELATIVES OF A. COUNT
TO CONTEST HIS WILL
Any fool can tell the truth, but it takes
an artist to be a first-class liar.
NEW' YORK, Nov. 19.— A conference
of representatives of nearly all the rail
roads east of -the Mississippi River and
representatives of the steer, industry
was held here to-day. It was decided to
grant. a reduction of .33 1-3 per cent on
all iron and. steel manufactured goods
intended for export. . *
It was decided that' on December 1
there- will be. a reduction of 33 1-3 per
cent on' the present' domestic rates, to
apply to. export tariff on finished steel
products, Including - structural iron
plates, beams and rails. ' Twenty-seven
and a half cents per hundred pounds,
the Chicago • to New York rate, Is the
present basis.
¦ NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— Members of
the United States Steel preferred stock
conversion syndicate have been notified
that- they are to expect an Important
communication" regarding the syndi
cate. - It Is asserted that the present
syndicate will be. dissolved. It is also
asserted, but unofficially, .that a third
syndicate has been formed . which has
underwritten: the unsold balance of the
bonds at 65.
Liberal Concessions Are Made on
Manufactured Articles Intended
.for the Export Traded
BAILBOADS BEDUCE BATES
ON IRON.- AND STEEL GOODS
Dynamite Explosion Kills Three Men.
KALKASKA, Mich., Nov. 19.— By an
explosion of dynamite In a burning
store at Sharon to-day three men were
killed and a fourth fatally Injured. The
dead: Roy Dimes, blacksmith: August
Waglan, sealer; William Sharp, night
watchman. . .
Fatally Injured: George McClennan.
The heavy rainfall yesterday Jef t the
streets of the Mission in a flooded con
dition. The sudden and heavy precip
itation was more than the sewers could
carry off. Most of the street crossings
east of Valencia street and west of San
Bruno avenue from Sixteenth street to
Mission' Cre.ek / were, flooded, causing
pedestrians to seek the ! middle of the
street.
At the junction of Market and Do
lores streets a dangerous mass of live
wires had been torn from the poles. by
the storm and endangered the. lives of
pedestrians. Policemen were placed on
duty at the dangerous crossing to warn
the traveling public of the danger lurk-
Ing in the broken wires. : v^;-.C~
No damage of any great moment was
done, though many cellars were flooded
and a few sign boards blown down.
Live Wires Blown Down by the Storm
Prove a Menace to Pedestrians.
STREETS FLOODED IN MISSION.
"Oh, must I always be the veiled
woman? Will people always stare at
my face because it is ugly, just as they
were formerly attracted by my
beauty?" \
In the bitterness of her humiliation
Mrs. Brannen complained in this way
to her maid. A disease of the skin had
marred her beauty, and it waa testi
fied that she brooded over the fact con
tinually. Mrs. Brannen Is reported to
have once been one of the most beau
tiful women in Denver. Four years
ago she was taken sick. In the per
formance of an operation poisoning of
the blood resulted and her face was
marred.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— "Suicide white
temporarily Insane" was the Coroner'a
verdict to-day regarding the death ,o£
Mrs. Lulu W. Brannen of Denver, who
was found unconscious at the- Delprado
Hotel from the effects of , chloroform
and died later at the Chicago Hospital.
The body was taken in charge by an
uncle of Mrs. Brannen and will be tak
en to Denver.
Inquest in the Case of Mrs. Brazmen
of Denver Develops Interest
ing: Testimony.
LOSS OF HER BEAUTY
DRIVES WOMAN" TO SUICIDE
DENVER, Nov. 19.— Rev. Father Fe
lix Mariano Lepore, pastor of Mount
Carmel Catholic Church in this city,
who was shot in his apartments last
night by Joseph Sorice of PIttsburg,
Pa., died to-night and the physicians
say that Sorice, who was shot by the
clergyman, cannot recover. The story
that they quarreled over a card game
is discredited. It is believed that they
disagreed over money matters.
In an ante-mortem statement made
to Judge Sales of the District Attor
ney's office Father Lepore said> that he
believed his assailant had been sent
out to Denver for the purpose of kill
ing him. Since his first conversation
with Sorice when he came to this city
about a month ago, Father Lepore
said,- he had feared the man and- had
thought that his life was in danger.
Sorice refused to say a word either to
the District.Attorney's representatives
or to the detectives. •«?¦*;*!;
Before coming to Denver- in 1892
Father Lepore* 'conducted a banking
business in New York,'where it is said
he failed" for a 'considerable amount.
Among, the creditors, it is said, was
Giuseppe Pasquel, a partner of Joseph
Sorice, who. came to Denver with the
latter about a month and a. half ago.
Frank Lepore,' a "nephew, of the priest,
said that' Pasquel had made a demand
on Father Lepore a few days ago for
$240, which he claimed the priest owed
him. -Young Lepore. advised his uncle
to give* 1 the man the money, but he
did -not do. so. However, he provided a
house and employment , for Sorice. and
Pasquel./ Frank Lepore said that his
uncle had known Sorice and Pasquel
in Italy. Efforts are being made to
flnd-?Pasxiuel. It is believed that be
hind the' tragedy lies a jnystery evtctl
liig'l'ack" to old times"' In Italy, which
it'is feared will never be solved because
of the' secretive nature of the Italians.
.PITTSBURG. Nov.- 19:— Father Le
pore is. well known by •Italian priests
in .'Pittsburg. Besides being ' popular,
his friends 'say he invented a railroad
brake and other mechanical devices.
"Each body of immigrants, each ele
ment that has thus been added to our
national strain, has contributed some
thing of value to the national charac
ter; and to no element do we owe more
than we owe to that element represent
ed by, those whom I have the honor this
day of addressing."
"You are right, Mr. Chairman, when
you speak of the stand that the German
element in our citizenship ha3 always
taken in all crises of our national life.
In the first place, from the beginning
of our. colonial history to this day, the
German strain has been constantly in-
I creasing in importance among the many
strains that go to make up our com
"pjosite national character. I do not !
have to repeat to you the story of the 1
early German immigration to this
country, the German immigration that
began in a mass toward the end of the i
seventeenth century. You are entirely
familiar, of course, with the German
immigration that went to the formation
of Pennsylvania from the beginning.
That element was equally strong in the
Mohawk Valley in New York; and it
was equally strong in Middle and West
ern Maryland. For Instance, in the
Revolutionary war, one of the distin
guished figures contributed by New
York to the cause of Independence was
that of the German, Herkimer, whose
fight in the Mohawk Valley represented
one of the turning points in the strug
gle for independence, and one of the
New York counties is now named after
him. The other day I went out to the
battlefield of Antietam,*in Maryland.
There the memorial church Is the Ger
man Lutheran Church, which was
founded in 1768, the settlement of the
neighborhood of Antietam being origi
nally exclusively a German settlement.
"In the Civil War It would be difficult
to paint In too strong colors what -I
may well-nigh call the all-Importance
of the attitude of the American citizens
of German birth and extraction toward
the cause of union and liberty, especial
ly in what were known then as the bor
der States. It would have been out of
the question to keep Missouri loyal had
it not been for the German j element
there. It was the German portion of
the city of St. Louis which formed the
core of the Union cause in Missouri.
And only little less Important was the
part played by the Germans in Mary
land and also in Louisville and other
portions of Kentucky.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— President
Roosevelt received to-day in the east
room of the White House about 150
representatives of the German societies
of Washington, to whom he delivered
a brief address. The delegates called
on the. President formally to announce
to him the opening next Monday even
ing of their celebration of the two hun
dred and fiftieth anniversary of the
founding of Germantown, Pa., and to
ask him to participate in it The Presi
dent said:
Representatives of Ger
man Societies Call
on President.
Denver Police Unable to
Ascertain Cause of
Shooting.
5 SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 19.— The rainfall
throughout Marin County ha? been very
heavy \ for three days. From all points
reports indicate a steady I downpour.
For San Rafael and vicinity 2.67 Inches
rain fell in the^last twenty-four hours,
making 3.52 for the storm and 4.44 for
thef .- season.^.Graes-j Which.' has been
dried up fo'r some time' fs now.growing
rapidly, impToylng-tb/j condition of Ma
rin County's principaHncrustries, dairy
ing and chicken raising.- , .. ,
The rainfall"' yesterday' was general
over all of Calif ornia, north of the Te
hachapi and down the coast to Point
Conception. . Professor McAdie of the
Weather Bureau predicted last night
that the -storm, was -likely to extend
over the whole southern portion of the
State. A heavy southeaster raged
along shore all day yesterday and is
likely 'to '.continue to-day.- At Point
Reyes the wind attained a velocity of
fifty-five mites an hour, and McAdie
stated that, there was probably a wind
velocity of sixty miles an. hour in the
open sea. The rainfall amounted to 1.48
inches at Red Bluff in the twelve hours
preceding 5 o'clock last night. The rain
fall in San Francisco during the pres
ent storm" has amounted to a trifle, less
than a third of an inch. Unsettled
rweather is predicted for to-day. •
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 19.-The rain
fall here during the Jast two days has
been the heaviest ofi the? present sea
son by far. At 6 o'clock to-night the
water reached clear across Fourth
street In the lower end of town and
obliterated the street car tracks. Gut
ters were running full on every street
and in many places had encroached
half way across the 'sidewalks. At
street corners the water stood many
inches deep, and pedestrians were com
pelled to wade.
. Santa Rosa ; Creek is booming, the
water all running into that stream, as
the ground is. thoroughly soaked. The
rain Wednesday afternoon amounted
to 1.12 inches and to-day twice that
amount has fallen. The record this
season is somewhat below last season.
Grass Is growing finely and with the
recent rains will receive an additional
Impetus. -
NAPA, . Nov. 19.— Rain began falling
yesterday morning and has kept up
since then in steady downpour. Last
night 2.7 inches fell, making the total of
the season to date 3.75. At the same
date last year 10.84 inches ha'd fallen.
Bainf all Is Heavy in the Interior
V '- and Fills Streets of Santa
Rosa.
MOISTUBE " FBESHENS " .'
FIELDS FOR FARMERS
NEVADA- CITY, Nov. 19.— One of the
most distressing accidents recorded in
-this county happened- this morning at
the home of Louis Guenza, at Blue
Tent, about six miles above this place.
Humbert and Zacariah, two sons of
Quenza, were sleeping in the same
room. About 7 o'clock Humbert, who
is 10 years of age, Jumped out of bed
to dress himself . Zacariah, who , was
two years his. Junior, remained in bed,
but was wide awake. In a corner of the
room was a- small rifle, which the
father of the boys had bought for their
pleasure. -•
When Humbert left the bed the
younger brother asked him to hand
over the rifle. Humbert picked it up
and was In the act of handing it, when
a cartridge exploded. The bullet struck
the boy in bed, penetrating his forehead
and killing him instantly.
RECEIVES VISIT
FROM DELEGATES
PORTLAND, Nov. 19.— Although the
police were searching the city for him
and the newspapers were recounting
his crime?, T. W. Parker has for thr«;e
days QomiiiueiJ to issue forged checks
and gf t them cashed by various busi
ness men "who forgot to read the pub
lished accounts of the young man's
career.
Parker apparently hides during the
day and slips out at night to cash a
few checks wherever he can find vic
tims. He Is the sonof Colonel Parktr,
a wealthy mining man, stock raiser
and ex -Congressman, now living at
Deer Lodge, Mont.
Young Parker was onoo sentenced to
the "Walla Walla penitentiary for for
gery. Since Saturday last he has
cashed $300 worth of checks in this
city, and as no new losses are reported
the detectives think he has left for
other fields. His father wired a re
fusal to make the forgeries good.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARTINEZ, Nov. 19.— Andrew Caa
tro, charged with the kidnaping of Ade
laide Chatham, 4 years old, daughter ol
D. W. Chatham, a Martinez black
smith, has confessed his guilt to Sheriff
Veale. To-day in the Jail he told the
peace officer that he will plead guilty
when the case is called on Monday be
fore Superior Judge Wells. In hla con
fession Castro exonerated Ralph Young.
19 years old, who had been arrested
because he had been traveling with tha
kidnaper.
Castro's crime was as bold as It was
extraordinary- On Saturday, October
24, he drove into Martinez with a buggy
and passed by the Chatham residence
about 5 o'clock in the afternoon. Lit
tle Adelaide was playing in front of
the house when Castro accosted tha
child, inviting her to take a ride with
him. At first the little one refused to
go, but Castro persisted and at last by
promising to buy her a birthday pres
ent persuaded the tot to accompany
him.
With his innocent companion the
burly kidnaper started away # . Fortu
nately a neighbor noticed the'palr and
gave the alarm. One hundred of the
townspeople responded to the clanging
of the fire bell. Castro had driven
rapidly and was well out of the town
when the searching posse started.
Three hours afterward Castro was
overtaken on the county road. It was
only by the exercise of great self-con
trol that a lynching was prevented.
Cool heads took charge and the prison-'
er was speedily sent to the County Jail,
while the baby was restored to her anx
ious parents.
Sheriff Veale has been busy with his
prisoner, with the result that Castro
to-day made a confession. Young, who
has been in Jail since Castro's arrest,
will be released after his former com
panion's case has been settled in court.
The authorities have found that the
kidnaper served two terms in the peni
tentiary at San Quentin. having been
last discharged in July, 1901, after com
pleting a two years' sentence for grand
larceny in Santa Barbara County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BEHIND TRAGEDY
LIES A MYSTERY
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 19.— After
wandering about in the mountains with
snow up to his waist four days and four
ntghts, in the face of a howling bliz
zard, subsisting on deer; which' he had
shot, ' Frank Rogers of Nanaimo, for
whom . searching parties had been
scouring the woods since Friday, found
his' way back to Parksville, little worse
for his trying experience.
• Rogers -lef I' Parksville Friday on. a
deer hunt in the nearby hills, intending
to return in the evening. During the
day. a blinding snowstorm visited that
section of the country, during which
Rogers lost his way, going In a different
direction than he imagined he was trav
eling, with the result that he wandered
about the bush.for four days and nights
before he struck 1 a trail which led* him
home.
, Considering the terrible weather and
the in which he went astray,
his escape was almost miraculous.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Boy Handles Rifle Carelessly
and a Tragedy Is the
For Four Days and Nights
He Wanders Through
Deep Snow.
Contra Costa Sheriff Learna
of Prisoner's Criminal
Record.
Authorities Make Vain Search
for Wealthy Man's
Son. '
Accidental Shooting in
a; Home Near Ne
vada City.
Perilous Experience of
Nanaimo Man in
the Forest.
Andrew Castro Makes a
Confession in Mar
• tinez Jail.
Criminal Continues to
Victimize Portland
Merchants.
CHILD CAUSES
BROTHER'S DEATH
HUNTER STRAYS
IN A BLIZZARD
FORGES CHECKS
DESPITE POLICE
KIDNAPER TELLS
OF HIS CRIME
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If Jt fails to cure
K. w. Grove's slcnature la on each bax.'2&o. •.
HONOLULU, . Nov. . 19.-»The Ter
ritorial grand jury, which has "bieen
engaged, in investigating charges >' of
cprruption , made in connection with the
election; has '.presented two .'re
ports. The majority; flnds", that^-tbe ac-
Ciisationawere unfounded t and that the.
election"" was conducted^ practically,
without 'fraud.. Three' natjve members,
of»the > grand * Jury dissent'and /declare*
that indictable : offenses were corif-'
mitted. The minority members, how-*.
ever» signed both reports. »"•
Majority Finds "That Recent Election
Was Conducted Practically, .
.Without Fraud.
HAWAIIAN GRAND JURY
PRESENTS TWO REPORTS
MARTINEZ, Nov. 19.— Sheriff Veale
of Contra Costa County to-night re
ceived word from Portland, 'Or.', to call
for Louis Daulton, who is at present at
Portland, but who is wanted in Pinole
on a serious charge. This is one of the"
most conspicuous cases that has come
before the courts "of Oregon. Daulton
was accused ' by' Florence Archey' 'of
Pinole. The woman" declared that she
had been wronged. Before an arrest
could be made, Daulton fled to Port
land, Or., where his family resided.
Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa County
went to Portland with extradition pa
pers and endeavored to secure posses
sion of the accused man.
The Governor of Oregon "watf absent
at the tiifte, and Veale secured^xtradi
tion papers signed by the private secre
tary of the Governor. The friends of
Daulton who reside in Portland claimed
that papers signed by the private secre
tary of the Governor were not suffi
cient and as there was no Lieutenant
Governor in that State at the time,
Sheriff Veale did not know what to do.
The case was sent to the Supreme
Court of Oregon, but in the meantime
Sheriff x Veale secured extradition pa
pers from the Secretary of State of Ore
gon.
The extradition papers from the pri
vate secretary of the Governor of Ore
gon have been declared invalid by the
Supreme Court, but the extradition pa
pers from the Secretary of State have
been held to be valid. It Is upon these'
papers that Daulton will be extradited.
The case, has become notable because
of the clash of authority in Oregon.
Sheriff Veale made every effort to bring
his man back, but, was met at. every
turn with technicalities which were in.
terposed by the friends and relatives of
Daulton krOregorf.
Contra Costa Official
Wins Over Techni
calities.
GOVERNOR ASKS
CALL OF SHERIFF
King Edward Is Robbed by. a-* Clerk.
LONDON.-;. Nov. / 19.— King 'Edward,
for the' second time: in his brief *reign,
has been robbed by; a clerk in- the office
of the paymaster of the household.- On
this occasion checks amounting to $2500
were Illegally drawn and - cashed - by
Frank Lanham, who to-day confessed
and was committed for trial.
PORTSMOUTH, Va., Nov. 19.—War
rants were issued to-day for ex-Presi
dent Grpyer Cleveland, Dr. Paul Van
Dyke, Ernest Gittings and Andrew
Jones of Cleveland, the party who
were gunning on the preserves of the
Back Bay • Gunning Club, In Princess
Anne CountyAjtiarging them with vio
lating the new game law of Virginia,
which requires' every, non-resident'- to
get out a $10 license.
' The Cleveland party are now gunning
in violation of this law, but that their
failure to comply with it was an over
sight seems quite likely. On the first
attemptjtp serve' the warrants the par
ty were" not- seen,'' 'and the warrants
were'taarked acrdss'* the back "not
found.'-' '~i : f*T •*¦",* '*
Former President Is Shooting 1 Bucks
in' Virginia Without a State
' • • ' - License.
GROVES CLEVELAND
IN DANGEB OF ABREST
Honolulu Japanese Are Indicted.
HONOLULU,' Nov. 19.— The Federal
grand Jury has returned £5 indict
ments against Japanese, and one
against a white attorney. All are
charged with conspiracy to violate the
statutes of the United States regarding
the importation of women. The ac
cused Japanese are alleged to be mem
bers of the Japanese Brothers' Protec
tive Association, which, it is charged,
collect monthly assessments amounting
to $500 from female victims. The books
ai;d records of this association are now
in the hands of United States District
Attorney Breckous. Twenty, of the In
dicted men have been arrested.
The total taxes charged by Auditors
for county purposes is $15,244,686 62, and
th« total charged by the Controller for
county purposes $1,073,803 48, making a
total for county purposes of $16,318,
484 10. The total taxes charged for
State and county purposes is $25,282,
931 63. The total taxes charged for
county purposes in 1902 was $15,365,
494 43,>. and the total for State and
county purposes in the same year $20,
234,116 63.
The total. taxes charged by Auditors
for State purposes ' is $8,492,154 43, and
the total taxes charged by the* Con
troller for Stat* purposes $472,293 30,
making a total ¦ for State purposes of
$8,964.447 48, as against. $4,928,622 20 for
1902. %-•; fr
The total assessed valuation, exclu
sive of railroad property, for 1903 is
$1,513,756,482. The total .assessed valua
tion of railroads is $84487,758, making
a grand total of $1,597,944,240.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 19.-State Con
troller E. P. Coigan and his office force
have made up the total of property val
uations in the Sfate as'returned by the
Auditors of the v varibus counties, and
a considerable JncteasG over the valua
tions of 1902 is shown. '
Klenzendorf a few days ago received
rm anonymous letter at his home in
Folsom threatening him with death if
he tstified against Wood or any of the
other convicts. The letter was embel
lished with a skull and crossbones.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 19. — John
Klenzendorf, who was -one of -the
guards at Folsom prison in July last,
at the time of the break of convicts,
and who has had charge of a gang of
men working on the rock crusher,' has
been threatened witlj * death. He" is
here to testify in the case of Convict
John Wood, on trial for the murder, of
Guard William Cotter.
Prison Officer Receives
a Letter of Omi
nous Import.
The Controller's Report
Show3 a Big Raise
in Assessment.
THUGS THREATEN
FOLSOM GUARD
PROPERTY VALUE
MUCH INCREASED
.THE SAN "CALI,; FEIBAY, ; NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY PTTiLfl.
A GREAT, TRUTH.
How It Has Spread From Horns to Bom*
In San Franciaco.
In every part of San Francisco. In the
homes of the wealthy. In the humble
abode of the man of toil, 'tis now a
well-known fact — a grreat trutli — that
Doan'a Kidney Pills have brought more
comfort to backache sufferers and cured
more sick kidneys than any medicine or
modern time. _ .
John Lewis, tailor, rear of 721 Busa
street, says: "An attack of malaria, as
In the majority of Instances, was follow-
ed by inactivity of the kidneys and a
lameness and soreness across the sm »"
of my back. Sitting, as I am compelled
to do, practically stooped, strained tne
muscles of the loins; an aching ensued,
and when I straightened I couKI only
describe the twinges which shot t h ro«sn
the small of my back as «cruc ating.
With the passing of time pain in-
creased until I was compelled to stop
work. I knew something had l *? t _ bo ,?^ n ?
or my case might become serious, and I
commenced taking 8tandard m^, e a m n t fn
guaranteed to cure kidney complaint in
Iny of its -various forms. The results
obtained from the medicines ceased tha
moment I stopped their use. and ever on
the outlook for something to brine re-
u.f t a t last tried Doans Kidney Pills.
I knew after k dose or two they were
actlnl^irectly upon the kidneys, and a
"ntta uttton^f the treatment absolutely
stopped the last attack. I ha ve told a
great many of my friends and acquaint-
fnepa about the benefit I have received
ffom the u^ of Doan's Kidney Pills."
l5r «!• by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
FoSte'rSubura-Ca. Buffalo. N. Y.. sole
agents for the United States. _
Remember the name, Doan's. and taka
no substitute. f
OeAools and Colleges*
¦ ¦¦ _ u-.ri.i- - -i-n-rLr rui.nru- ji---T-i - -M v*^ J .~~~
LEADING BUSINKSS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST, 24 Post St.. Saa Francisco. Cal.
EstabliahetJ 40 years. Open entire y*M.
Write for illustrated catalos'is (£ret) %
ADVEUTISEMENTS. .'
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c I u s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
Ko Branch Etorea. No Agents.
Overcoat Models
by Thorough Experts.
Positive Individuality
Encompass Our Styles.
Skillful Tailoring
and Priced Correct.
It's Overcoat Time Now.
© ]J, ®
K e a r n y S t r e e t
T hurl o w B lock
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT^ ' ' ; - _ n^_.^ r '.^_. s _._.: Trr
MAKE STRONG MEN
Thousands Have Weak Kidneys and Don't Even Suspect It.
' __^^ About a year a*ro I "was suffering from what ' '" »^. m
- ...v.-.. I supposed was rheumatism. I became so bad . >^^*^*^si^«^ > * Nl "^^N w
j/^^':-. : -Z '.'¦; ¦¦' v i. :: ' :^v**^S. tliat J could hardly pet on my feet from a sit- ¦ /O' i^^vV
/y IiflK position. I lost in weight from one hun- • /s '^V*^
/^-^ . '< >\ ' ; ilrc <1 an'l ninety-five to one hundred and forty- .^r—^uUiii^iBl^&LiLLL iJr*-^tV
• // ' ¦¦ : -' ' '¦ \ 1 f<l!t ' hat ll vas helping- me. I bought two *//. ~ fi--~~ - 'JwSssJa '~~ * V'-i.
i S«- K . "."Jjs. -:"'% ¦¦¦'"¦¦' 'A more lar^e littles, and they have completely IV - ' Wiii£;i^jp i iis; ! '-.^^^rt ' "'?,'.
W^CJ :1 £pi5^ ' Lvv < ur^j ::>•. Must sincerely your*. I t^HBSp ~^lr^^? ;^^«^^v
LIEUT BAILY. Iff/ "^W^^/ K "j^ CHIEF REYNOLDS. Qf/
I w^ .i c.-aHsnt Fufferf-r for .t nurr.bcr of " <j^ jfiulh^ ' I cheerfully recommend and indorse the
year*, with a back aohe and frequent desire to iSZ^^^^&^M?^ Great Remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, for
urinate day and night and s> ¦¦metiuiea w.th / kidney trouble and bad liver. I have used it
Fmartinp ar.d burning F ensatj.>n. but aft.r \ I ¦:¦¦¦ ¦ <^^|-^fS^^^^a55//J5555^/ and derived Rroat benefit from it. . I believe it
mlng It. Kilmer- s Swamp-Root I am entirely \ \ j^S^K^^^^x^^/////////W////f I has cured me entirely of kidney and liver
cur. : and cheerfully recommend it to any who \SM^^^i^Sr^flllttllllllltll!!llUl trouble from which I suffered terribly. Most
snffer from these common complaints. Most \Wii^3rll^iff^hwlil!llslIlllflb7n gratefully yours, A. REYNOLDS,
"' ••¦'¦• ¦? " ; - \\. <: V.AUA \Wm^i^lt"HUl!wlhilW/ Oiief of Police. Columbus. Ga, .
ad Lieutenant of Police. Columbus, Ga. \W m%Wh$' t '$WM
/ .¦¦ " " ' . Nf*fc*.S; * *'\\ " le mo8t favorable resulis, and can cheerfully // lwll **^iwj« < * -"W
' '4.»i' : '"''->iipi'ii'i : ' ' :: Jrn^u' ' ' : ' \\ recommend it to the public as a reliable med- // • "T . "^ c\
\ ' * - - "- T ' ' * hav « used Vn - Kilmer's Swamp-Root for I J^^^^^fWK X J^i'^4^
V ; : -••'.;< ' I kidney trouble, with very gratifying results. I V '/, \''f'<^fiffl$*£S~3? *,%*i
/ '^ mended to d<\ and cheerfully recommend it to
<\Jt\ — '^V '" '1'"**^' T / Zjf s r any one affected with kidney or bladder C"yl\ nr-n^i'^ >-/.Vr-.CTt. — /5^"7
\a\\ SERET. PERRY. Ill 7 troubles. Truly yours. S. J. ELLISON. \X\<SERG T ELLISON, iff 7
V^>> J/ISJ ' . First Sersreant of Police, Columbus, Ga. W 1 ' ,
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for may be grieved to learn of their severe illness or-
more sickness and suffering than any other dis- sudden death, caused by that fatal type of kidney
ease, therefore, when through neglect or other trouble — Bright's Disease.
causes, kidnev trouble is permitted to continue, \ The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-
r ... famous kidney, liver and bladder remedy, Dr. Kil-
fatal res-alts arc sine to follow. mer « s s wam p-Root, is soon realized. It stands the
We often see a relative or a friend or an ac- highest for its wonderful cures of the most dis-
quaintance apparently well, but in a few days we tressing cases. Trial will convince any oiie]
EDITORIAL NOTICE— Swamp-Root has been tested in so many ways, and has proven so success-
ful in every case, that a special arrangement has been made by which all readers of .The Call who have not
already med it may have a sample bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about Swamp-
Root, and containing many of the thousands upon thousands' of testimonial "letters .received from men "and
women who owe th<;ir good health, in fact their very lives, to the wonderful curative properties . of Swamp-
Root. In writing t6 Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure and mention that you read this
generous offer in The San Francisco Dailj' Call. *
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take, and. is for sale at all drug Stores, in bottles of two sizes and two"-
prices, fifty cents and one dollar. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle.- ¦ . ;>v r " ¦LANSING. Mich., l.ov. 19.— A sensa
tion was sprung In the trial to-day of
ex-State Senator Holbrook, - charged
with attempting to bribe a Juror In the
Interest of E. L. Sutton during the lat
ter's trial for participation In the uni
form frauds, when the Jury that* ac
quitted Button was placed -«n the
stand. Juror Samuel E. Clay admitted
that his honest judgment was not ex
pressed In the verdict, and added that
before any evidence had been taken
Juror Everett had expressed the opin
ion that Sutton was lroiocent. Other
Jurors corroborated this testimony.
Jury Causes Sensation.
Twelve influential Deputies signed tho
petition. It Is pointed out that the appli
cation of the maximum tariff has resulted
In the absolute^ prohibition of the impor
tation of American pork, causing serious
loss to the business of French houses,
while France was menaced with reprisals
on the part of the United States, which
the Franco-American agreement pro
vides for. The petition closes with an
earnest appeal that the minimum tariff
be made thirty francs on a hundred kilos.
PARIS. Nov. 19. — A petition signed by a
number of Deputies was distributed to-day
In the Chamber of Deputies, proposing to
allow salt meats from the United States
to benefit by the minimum tariff.
Petition Is Being Circulated Asking
That the Minimum Substitute the
Maximum Tariff.
PARIS CATTT GET ALONG
WITHOUT OUR PORK
The bride of a week thinks she knows
more about matrimony than the women
who have been pegging away at it for
thirty years.
Since then there has been some cor
respondence between the priest and
Mies Gould. Another thing the priest
objected to was that a hymn was sung
at the opening of the affair. In her
reply to that complaint Miss Gould told
him it has been her wish to have the
daily sessions of the class opened by
reading from the scriptures, but out of
deference to tlw- Roman Catholic chil
dren she had refrained from having
this done. In the future her original j
wish would bo carried out.'
TARRTTOWN, N. Y., Nov. 19.— Rev.
T. J. Early, rector of the Catholic
church at Irvington, has forbidden the
children of Catholic parents in his
parish to r.ttend the sewing school
which for years has been maintained
by Miss Helen M. Gould. About 300
children attend the school. Father
Early's Crst objection was made when
some of thz Catholic children attended
a luncheon given by Miss Gould on
Friday. At this luncheon meat was
served and the Catholic children-par
took of it, unmindful of the day. As
soon as Father Early learned of this
he put the school under a ban.
Father Early Finds Complaint in the
Methods and Directs Children
to Stay A-way.
DRAWS THE LINE AT
MISS GOULD'S SCHOOL
It has repeatedly been charged that
the guards maintained by the Victor
Fuel Company around its property at
Hastings and Delagua have prevented
peaceable citizens passing through
the towns along the public highways,
although it is said Hastings is an in
corporated town and tha streets and
roads leading to the place have been
dedicated to public use. It is claimed
that the companies' guards have made
arrests without warrant and committed
other illegal acts. The miners' union
.officials say that every effort will be ]
made to prevent these alleged infrac- i
tions of the law. j
Sheriff Clark went to Hastings to- j
day and served injunction papers on !
the Victor Fuel Company restraining '¦
It from preventing entrance to the
town, and the case will be argued be
fore District Judge Northcutt to-mor
row.
MINERS' FAMILIES EVICTED.
Eviction of the miners' families from
company houses at Hastings continues.
Many tents and supplies were sent
there to-day by the union, the tents
being placed on the ground adjoining
the Victor Company's property. The
exodus of miners continues, 260 leav
ing to-night for points in. Iowa, Mis
souri, Kansas and Texas.
A hundred and fifty union miners
went to work at the Broadhead mine
to-day. This mine is owned by the
L-as Anlmas Coal Company, which
granted the union demands through
out a few days ago. So far this is the
only company in this district which has
granted the union scale.
Three masked men entered the Davis
caloon at Spris, a Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company point five miles from
Trinidad, and at the points of guns car
ried off a Mexican min*r. Tha men
did their work quietly and nothing has
been eeea of the Mexican since, al
though officers are working hard «.n !
the case.
One hundred and fifty men are work
ing at Primero and forty at Ercio.
These are the only camps in the county
now working, where C00O men were em
rloyed before the strike. The weather
has moderated and all is quiet In the
district to-night. ;.:.'
TRINIDAD. Colo.. Nov. 19.— Father
Berta, a Catholic priest, who has re
eided here for several years, was at
tacked by a mob of 200 women and
children to-night at Segundo, a Colo
rado Fuel and Iron camp, and severely
beaten and scratched before he was
rescued by officials of the United Mine
Workers, who luckily were in Segundo
at the time. Miners at Segundo and
other camps claim that Father Berta
has been working in the interest of the
fuel companies and this has caused
much feeling against him, especially
among the foreign element.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— President
Roosevelt has received a dispatch from
Governor Peabody of Colorado asking
that General Baldwin, commanding the
Department of Colorado, be Instructed
to 6upply euch troops as may be nec
essary to preserve order In the Tel
luride mining district. After a consul
tation between the President and the
Secretary of War, Governor Peaijody
was advised that It did not appear that
the resources of the State to keep the
peace had been exhausted and there
fore the request for troops was denied.
DENVER. Colo.. Nov. 19.—Gover
nor Peabody eald this evening
that troops would be ordered to Tel
luride to-morrow to guard the mines
end mills there, so that the operators
may make an effort to resume opera
tions. The Governor said he could not
eay Just how many would be sent, but
the number would be In the neighbor
hood of 400 or 500. It will be a mixed
command. Including Infantry, cavalry
and artillery, and will be under the
command of Major Z. T. HilL
Governor Peabody said that he had
received advices late to-day to the ef
fect that the few union miners who
have been at work timbering the
Smuggler-Union mine were called out
to-day and that they forced the non
union men to come out with them.
Otherwise the situation in the district
was unchanged.
MOB ATTACKS A PBIEST.
While King Victor Emmanuel and
Queen Helena were in London with
King Edward and Queen Alexandra
they visited the sale of Irish industrial
products which is In progress at Wind
sor.
Subsequently the cortege reformed
and the Italian King and Queen, after
half an hour's procession through be
decked streets, reached the Guildhall
without Incident. On entering the li
brary they were greeted by a distin
guished gathering, including the Prince
and Princess of Wales, the Duke of
Connaught, the Duke and Duchess of
Argyll and other members of the royal
family.
The scene at the Guildhall was very
brilliant. The Lord Mayor, Sir James
T. Ritchie, met the guests at the en
trance of the historic city hall and con
ducted them to the library, where the
Corporation's address was presented in
a gold casket, expressing lively satis
faction at the visit of King Victor Em
manuel and Queen Helena as a pledge
of the continuance of the friendship of
Italy and Great Britain and recalling
with pride the viFit of the former King
Victor Emmanuel to Queen Victoria.
Tho banquet was then served. After
the Lord Mayor had toasted King Vic
tor Emmanuel and Queen Helena, the
King replied to the Lord Mayor,
thanking him in behalf of himself and
the Queen for the splendid hospitality
extended to them and for the address
of welcome.
At the convocation of Oxford Uni
versity to-day the degree of doctor of
civil law was by diploma conferred on
King Victor Emmanuel.
Shortly after the return to Windsor
of the royal personages the Italian For
eign Minister, Signor Tittoni, had a
conference with Lord Landsowne, the
British Minister of Foreign Affairs,
and was later granted an audience by
King Edward.
The British and Italian sovereigns
dined together to-night. After dinner
they were present at a performance of
"David Garrick" in the Waterloo
Chamber by Sir Charles Wyndham and
his company, given under royal com
mand.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— The welcome of
King Victor Emmanuel and Queen He
lena of Italy to London, as the guests
of the Lord Mayor and Corporation, to
day, vrc.3 of a remarkably cordial char
acter. From the moment of the arrival
at Paddln&ton Station, except when
traversing Hyde Park, the royal pro
cession passed under one long canopy
of bright colors, enhanced here and
there by triumphal arches.
The Italian sovereigns who came
from Windsor In the Diamond Jubilee
train were met at Paddlngton by Lord
Grenfell and the headquarters staff.
After a brief inspection of the guard of
honor of grenadiers the King and
Queen, attended by the Duke of Port
land, entered King Edward's state lan
dau. Five four-horse state carriages
contained the suites. A sovereign es
cort of the Life Guards attended their
Majesties and a military contingent
also brought up the rear of the royal
cavalcade, which as it left the station
was received with rousing cheers.
Proceeding through Hyde Park, the
King and Queen reached the Italian
embassy, where was stationed a guard
of honor of Garibaldian veterans. At
the embassy they held a reception and
received addresses from the Italian col
ony.
State Militia Will Now Be
Ordered to Telluride
District.
Crowds Gather at Station to
Cheer the Distinguished
. Travelers.
President Denies the Re
quest of Colorado's
Governor.
Italy's Rulers Receive
Remarkably Cordial
Welcome.
LONDON GREETS
ROYAL VISITORS
REGULAR TROOPS
NOT TO BE USED
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALIi, FRIDAY,^ NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
3
NEW ADVEBTISEMEirrS.
WIBEI.ESS TELEGRAPHY. *
Is the Besult of Prolonged Study and
Deep Research.
Marconi — the wireless wizard — did not
etutable acc!denta:iy upon the principles
of his marvelous invention.
It was only by deep and prolonged
study of the cause of certain known
phenomena In nature that he was able
to produce the startling effect.
Many people. In speaking of Hair Re-
storers, have a way of bunching them
altogether without discrimination.
Herr'lcide It «• different from oth««r so-called
*"h»lr restorers" and "remedies" as day is from
r.ljrM.
It If & eci«stl3c preparation prepared for th«
*oi* purpose of destroying: the ecalp microbe
that causes dandruff end falling ha.!r.
Sn\i hy leadlne druK»ist». Send 10c in
rtatr.pi« for eanziAe to The Herplcide Co., De-
tP~1». Mich. ;
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children. !
T2ib Kind You Hare Always Bought
Signature of C&Z&tyffie&Jz/t?
Money goes further in Schil-
ling's Best
tea . balL-r-powrfrr tplces
cafi* tamxnxg extract) coda
excepting the soda; no loss in
itUtssVwp
Axyoci-cTootfit — wcjMd^
V:^ :^:i'i:V'/\ . ;.;v>^: advertisements. ' ' ¦. . /
¦ , :- ¦ . -: ...t. ".f '-¦:.¦ ¦ >r *.-**¦--: ,.;¦ ¦.¦¦¦¦_ r, ¦-,.¦¦¦. ,.¦,¦.. -: ¦ ¦ ; ¦. ¦ ¦ ¦-- \ - • ..._._.
Fall Styles in Boys' Clothes
i^^IhU ou^ y° u t*™^ a^ y° ur k°y * s vef y hard on his clothes. .^pNsfc
Most every parent does. The trouble is you pay more for the SiF^y J?
g goods than you need to. If you come here and buy direct from &$% A ..,
\ t»lf e ma^ er y° u save fully a third and if you were to keep an account, w.
you would find that we can reduce your boy's clothing bill many a Ji*%^
MM!^^^^S^^k Of course our clothes will wear out, but not until your boy
S^l^fe^^^S has had g° od service out of them. When a suit is cast aside you 4^^^Spi^pp|^P
wi " say lt was certa ' nl y wort* 1 th^ P rice - m •¦
We mention below a number of different values that will P^fc®^l8 H
iff ft?^^«taw A p°P u ' ar coat for b°y s of this a £ e is a lon § cut & arment > as
i : :''*& pictured on the left; it comes in Oxford gray and swell Scotch mix-
i tures and the prices are $5.00, $6.00, $6.50 and $7.50. We
1^ are showing the same style in a herringbone Oxford gray at $8.00 raH^^^ral^
teii^B^BBfl' and in a stylish black thibet for $9 - 00 -
Boys 5 Two=piece Suits V W^
"^ife|^KS^pr One of the most popular styles shown this year for boys from f|| ' Wm
IBl US 7 to 1> years is the two-piece suit pictured on the right. The de- ||| Bf
Jgtk Ira signs and colorings are by far the swellest we have seen. We have IS pf
j^^^^M'-'-^--- mm tbe 5U^ S n nay y blue cheviots and dark Scotch mixtures for $3.50;
i^^^ : and. in blue serges, blue cheviots and pretty brown mixtures at
sketched from ufe &jj&f0?''' $4.00; also in fine quality worsteds, unfinished cheviots and hand- " : [ '"^ " "fgsp-$^ §
ts^ ?f> ' some blue serges at $4.50, $5.00 and $6.50. *»«*atn*ijf*
Knee Pants I A little chat Oil I Youths' Trousers
Extra value in knee pants for \7 1 1 h c' I *tf" C Special in youths' trousers: Neat
50c. These pants are made of A \J U L 1 1 25 M 1 L 4& gray and brown mixtures $2.50;
remnants from our tailoring depart- • ,, . . . , , , , . ... swell gray stripes $3.00. These
ment, hence the low price. The § \ he "Ho-date y° un g "™ 1S particular about his attire. tro - users are cut the latest styIe
patterns are d-rk mixtures. He want5 > his garments in the latesc style and made from a and are unusually good for the price.
I swp.11 seasonahle pattern, here is where he will tind the I
¦greatest assortment to choose from and the prices are the
«kind his parents will appreciate. A soldierly bearing /s?**^
& is creditable to a young man. He will get it in one C^^^^^^^K
of our new sack suits, with broad shoulders, shapelv
back and smart cut like the picture shown on the left. {S^^^^^k
The prices^are $12.50, $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00, »^^^^^
r# ..- s -^ w . and the ages are from 14 to 19 years. The materials -4P
,:^§?^>-;.^y|w x are swell dark patterns and striped worsteds. The
•^^liift^ft^^ suits come also in single breasted style.
i These top coats are made of covert cloth in dark ftl®^^
0^ 0^ blouses and shirt waists for 50c, which were fl^is^iV^Pii^^^^O^
M^^^^^^X^^ formerly 7 Jc a garment. The colors are red, blue,-
brown and gray, and the sizes range from 4 ip 1 3 years. i^H^SKPS^P
vL ' We haven>t a11 th( L col ? rs in each size ~~ that ' s wh y we K^^^Slilfiil •
fel^^S Ever y P air of leggins in stock has been reduced.
tiiSlIf . fSilgi' The materials are leather, velvet, cloth, corduroy and
ra^l^^v"^""^"' \ U rc) y> m different colors ; $ 1 .00 and $ 1 .50. " <-**^ ; "" * A x|||p^
1 "-' 1 " "j/tetrFitff am Lift.' Boys' automobile :"arid yacht caps f rom^45c up. . f^m^Ufe.
Mail Orders g*^ m ¦ w A [f\^ jf^ IK^ r^ Catalogue Free
filled by mail as well as -W**^ B m l^#^ %J®f B illustrated catalogue.
though the purchase was M J * , ,, .' " '. '^¦^- You will find it of assist-
madem lperson - I . !. • 740 Market Street --./The. woman who wishes : for sympathy
will always llnd more. trouble than solace.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 19. — The remains of
Dr. Charles K. Decker, for many years
the Marine Hospital surgeon at this
port, who died in this city on the 22d of
last month, were taken from the receiv
ing vault to-day and shipped to the old
home In Battle Creek, Mich.
"o.'.ILLAND. Nov. 19.— News .has just
been received from the Philippine Is
lands of the death of Dr. Henry E.
Winslow of this city, who was con
nected with the .Philippine Constabu
lary Department, U. S. A. Dr. Wins
low was one of the " first members of
the boys' choir of St. John's Church.
He leaves a vtfdowed mother,' who re
tides at 876 Wood street, and several
sisters.
Dr. Henry E. Winslow Dead.
OMAHA, Nebr., Nov. 19.— An important
development in connection with the in
dictment last Monday by the Federal
Grand Jury "of United States Senator
turlng livestock on public lands Included
Hastings for conspiracy and bribery was
the sudden summons late to-day of
United States District Attorney Summers
to Washington. The summons. It Is said,
came from President Roosevelt and it
was Instantly obeyed.
United States District Attorney at
Omaha Is Called in the Diet
rich Case.
PRESIDENT SUMMONS
SUMMERS TO WASHINGTON
PARIS, Nov. 19.— In the presence of
a crotvded Chamber to-day Deputy Des
chanel, Republican, formerly president
of the Chamber, began the discussion of
the Foreign Office budget. The key
note of DeschaneJ's speech was the far
reaching effects of the Improved rela
tions between France and England.
He pointed out that England's great
commercial . rivals to-day were the
United States and Germany.
Adverting to Morocco Deschanel said
France had no intention, to make war
upon that country. France wished
neither military adventure nor the par
tition of Morocco and she had no desire
to conquer Siam. There existed no
question which could not be settled by
diplomacy or arbitration. The Deputy
further declared that those who were
responsible for armed peace were those
whq refused to discuss the proposal for
disarmament. It would be a crime, he
added, to Beek to" raise issues between
Great Britain and France. The' rela
tions between France and Italy, were
friendly, but the alliance with Russia
must be ' the cornerstone of ' French
policy. Deschanel said that the pos
sibility of a conflict in Central Asia .was
diminishing, and even Korea .was: not
likely to produce trouble, ¦ as the ; Gov-_
ernmenta of the United :', States : and
Great Britain were counseling Japan to
prudence. .
_The Senate to-day, rejected by, a vote
of 198 to 69 the committee i scheme for
the state monopoly of educational in
stitutions-, ; thus * leaving ...the < Govern-,
ment's project alone under considera
tion. -;..; .'¦¦ ¦¦•¦"~r ' .. 7 /. • ¦ ,
Says Republic Does Not
Intend to Make War
on Morocco.
The Discovery left Nome October 14,
carrying thirty-one passengers, in com
mand of Captain. J. H. McGrath of
Port Townsend.
While the life raft might have been
washed overboard during a storm, it is
believed now to indicate that the Dis
covery has gone down. She was last
sighted off Yakutat by the steamer Ex
celsior on October 28.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Nov. 19.— The
Nome steamer Discovery has not reach -'
ed Sltka. The dispatch from Skagway
last week making that announcement
was an error and marine men familiar
with the Discovery's voyage believe she
will never reach port. The steamer
Excelsior reached Sitka to-day, cover
ing the route between Valdes and the
Alaska capital that the Discovery
would have taken had she ridden out
the storms she encountered. The offi
cers of the Excelsior reported having
seen an empty life raft belonging to
the Discovery, but found no other trace
of the vessel.
MARINERS HAVE FEAR
THAT VESSEL WAS LOST
Steamer Discovery, Once Reported to
Have Beached Skagway, Still
Is Missing.
FRENCH DEPUTY
PREDICTS PEACE
ROME, Nov. 19.— For some time the
volcano of Stromboli has been showing
signs of increased activity, emitting
considerable quantities of smoke, ashes
and redhot stones, accompanied by loud
detonations.
The opening of a new crater was sig
nalized by a tremendous report. L
The eruption continues, but it is at
present impossible to Judge of its vol
ume or its consequences because of a
thick cloud of smoke and ashes.
Stromboli Is Emitting
Smoke, Ashes and Red
Hot Stones.
"Prince" Nanzeta Montezuma, who
claims that the blood of the ancient
Montezumas courses through his veins
and makes other assertions that would
cause many to suspect that he has a
right to lay claim of relationship to the
late Ananias, dropped into the city yes
terday and is registered at the Lick.
The "Prince," who says his domain is
located on the southern border of Mex
ico and Is known as the Sacred City,
is accompanied by his wife, an attrac*
tlve young woman, whom, he says, was
formerly a Miss Posey of this city. He
claims to have married her in Kansas
City about three months ago.
In Denver several days ago the
young descendant of the Aztecs made
the statement to the papers that he
was on his way to San Francisco to
marry the daughter of a former candi
date for Mayor and showed no hesi
tancy In discussing the proposed matri
monial venture. Last night, however,
he denied this interview and attributed
the fact that he did not acknowledge
his wife in Denver to a desire to con
ceal for "personal reasons" his mar
riage. . - 'y.J
For several months "Prince" Nan
zeta Montezuma has attracted atten
tion in the Eastern cities by his stories
of his duels in Mexico and his many
other adventures, which apparently
have all occurred in a very short space
of time, for he is only 28 years of age
and would look much younger if shorn
of his long, raven black hair. Accord
ing to his story he is the only lineal
descendant of the Montezumas and says
the killing of a rival for the hand of a
Mexican maiden resulted In a price be
ing placed on his head in Mexico. He
seems to be * possessed of plenty of
ready cash and indignantly denies the
stories published in the East that he
Is a faker and that he was in trouble
there over the issuance of a bad check.
The "Prince" claims that he and his
wife have come to California to spend
the winter.
"Prince" Nanzeta Says His Dominion
Lies Somewhere in Southern
Mexico.
CLAIMS TO BE LAST
OF THE MONTEZUMAS
CEDAR FALLS. Iowa, Nov. 19.— The
Cedar Falls Hub Clothing Company,
one of the largest clothing firms In this
city, was to-day placed In the hands
of a receiver on the request of credi
tors in Chicago.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 19.— T. S. B.
Sotham, the Hereford breeder, of Chil
llcothe. Mo., to-day filed a petition in
voluntary bankruptcy in the United
States District Court here. He placed
his liabilities at $128,318. assets $196,269.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The Farm
ers' National Bank of Henrietta, Tex.,
has bee"h closed by direction of the
Comptroller of the Currenry. Miller
Weir, National Bank Examiner, has
been appointed temporary receiver.
TRENTON, N. J.. Nov. 19.— A re
ceiver was appointed to-day for the
Brigantlne Transportation Company.
The application was made by the Con
tinental Trust Company of New York
to foreclose a mortgage securing a bond
of $75,000. The company has a capital
of $250,000. but, according to the bill,
has never earned operating expenses.
ELKHART, Ind., Nov. 19.— The In
diana National Bank of this city has
been closed by the Comptroller of the
Currency and National Bank Examiner
C. H. Bosworth has been directed to
take charge. The closing of the bank
vras the result of a steady ruh for sev
eral weeks. President Brodrick said
that the depositors would be fully pro
tected. He was unable to approximate
the deposits.
Comptroller of Currency
Directs Examiners
to Take Charge.
It was claimed that Thornton, who Is
a fiery Southerner, ueed that means to
satisfy his outraged dignity. But the
jury concluded after many ballots to
acquit the aged defendant on the
ground that the evidence was not con
clusive enough to prove guilt.
At the time of the shooting Purcell,
an expressman, was driving by Colonel
Thornton's office and was struck in
the back with a rifle bullet. A hole had
been cut in the fence along Thornton's
property. It was the theory of the
prosecution that Thornton had laid In
wait behind the fence and from his hid
ing place shot Purcell, with whom he
had quarreled a few days before." Pur
cell recovered.
POINT RICHMOND, Nov. 19.—Col
onel R. R. Thornton of this place was
acquitted to-day at Martinez on a
charge of shooting Frank Purcell at
Point Richmond several months ago.
The Jury went out last night and gave
its verdict at 1- o'clock this afternoon.
The testimony was wholly circumstan
tial.
Colonel R. R. Thornton
of Point Richmond
Is Free.
VOLCANO SHOWS
GREAT ACTIVITY
Music will add to the afternoon's
pleasure, among the numbers promised
being mandolin and guitar selections
by; the Misses Sherwood and songs by
Miss Edith Carlson, a graduate of the
Llndsborg, Kans., Conservatory of Mu
sic.
Mrs. R. ,C. Craft is chairman of the
committee of arrangements, and she
has been ably assisted by Mrs. J. W.
Scott, Mrs. O. M. Vesper, Mrs. Delia
Hilderbrand and Mrs. Joseph A. Span
gle.
Other pretty articles, suitable for
Christmas gifts will be sold, also home
made Jellies and candies.
OAKLAND, Nov. 1?.— A reception
and bazaar will be given to-morrow
afternoon at the King's Daughters'
Home for Incurables, on Thirty-ninth
6treet and Broadway. Th'e home is
pleasantly situated, and the large re
ception and dining rooms are well ar
ranged for such an affair as the ladies
have planned.
One pretty feature will be the little
booth in charge of the Sunshine Club,
which consists of five small girls,
whose busy fingers have made all the
articles which will be sold at their'
table. They are Adele Scott, Grace
Vesper, Marguerite Dewing, Marian
Miller and Edith Armes.
TWO NATIONAL
BANKS CLOSED
Dev?n went to a hardware store on
Third avenue, where he bought a piece
of rubber hose, into which he placed a
bit of lead pipe, and said to Nelson,
"Now we are ready for the Job."
At the last minute, when everything
had been made ready for the assault
upon Lewis, Nelson weakened and re
vealed the plot to the police.
During the proceedings there lay on
the desk of Assistant District Attorney
Nott a piece of lead pipe and two bot
tles, one containing chloral hydrate
and the other chloroform, which the
witness said were to have been brought
into requisition should they be needed.
Nelson said he had been employed as
a private detective and had met De
van, who was working In the same ca
pacity. He said that on October 2S
Devan had asked him to aid In the
robbery of Lewis, whose habit of re
maining in his office late at night had
been revealed to him by a girl whom
he met through a flirtation. Devan
showed bottles of drugs to the witness
and said:
•'If this job on Lewis goes through I
have several others mapped out, and it
will not always be necessary to use the
pipe, as we can use the drugs Just as
well."
NEW YORK. Nov. 19. — An astound
ing story of depravity and criminality
was revealed before Recorder Goff this
morning when Prosecuting "Witness
Oliver Nelson told of Edgar Devan's
plot to murder Samuel Lewis, the
wealthy manufacturer.
All that Devan expected co reap as
the reward of his crime was about $50
which it was hoped Lewis would have
in his pockets, his ring, which was
valued at about $150, and a diamond
pin worth $100. But, according to Nel
son, there were other affairs of the
same nature which Devan had in mind,
among them the assault and robbery
of an official of the Standard Oil Com
pany. Moreover, he told of previous
exploits of the same kind in which he
had taken a prominent part.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LACK OF DIRECT
PROOF ACQUITS
"I want to say to you that since the
State is making an imposing dried fruit
display counties will have to restrict
themselves in this feature to creditable
samples as showing that they pack
dried fruit, as it will be impossible to
give them room for large showings of
dried fruit, and besides it wcuid not be
advisable."
The committee decided to write to
Filcher that there must be some im
mediate understanding as to the allot
ment of space and no dictation as to
what is to be put in it or not one cent
of the county appropriation of $7000
would be spent and no exhibit would
be made at all. The collecting agent
of the Chamber of Commerce for the
exposition, R. D. Chittenden, said:
"If we are to be stood up in this
way we might as well quit."
FRESNO, Nov. 19,— A letter from
Commissioner Filcher was read at the
Fresno St. Louis Fair committee's ses
sion to-night that aroused the greatest
indignation. Dried fruit is one of the
county's most important productions,
but the commissioner wrote:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wealthy Samuel Lewis Not
the Only Man Marked
for Death.
Commissioner Filcher's Or
ders Makes a Deal of
Displeasure.
Accomplice of Devan
Tells Astounding
Story.
Dried Fruit Display for
St. Louis Causes a
Rumpus.
REVEALS BRUTAL
PLOT TO MURDER
LETTER AROUSES
FRESNO CITIZENS
All men are born equal, but with differ
ent quality, spoons In the mouth.
..OAKLAND, Nov., 19.— A meeting of
the Illinois Soclety f will be held in Call- 5
forniaj Hall to-morrow evening- to ar
range for the , banquets at the I annual
meeting, which ; will be held In this city
Friday,, December 18. A ¦ short pro
gramme has been arranged for the pre
liminary meeting at which ; the Rev.
A. . Drahams, Chaplain )ol San 1 Quentin
Prison, will give reminiscences r of ;: life
In '¦'Illinois, and Miss . Hoover of San
Francisco will recite. .
Illinois Society, to Meet.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— The safa in the
Tesla Coal Company's offices, First and
Madison streets, was opened la*t night
by a thief, who stole $15 from the cain
box. No violence was used to open the
safe the combination having been
worked.
VIENNA, Nov. 19. — A dispatch to the
Neue Freie Presse from Constantinople
reports that the Grand Vizier has re
signed on account of the efforts of the
palace clique to prevent the acceptance
of the Russo- Austrian reform scheme
arid confirms the announcement that the
Turkish Foreign Office has been ..notified
that if the programme is not accepted
this week Baron von Kallce. the Austro-
Hungarian Embassador, and M. Zlno
vleff, the Russian Embassador, will per
sonally present the Sultan with copies
thereof and hold him responsible for the
consequences of its non-acceptance.
Harassed by Russia and Austria on
the One Hand and a Court
Cliaue on the Other.
TURKISH GRAND VIZIER
QUITS DIFFICULT POST
SAN DOMINGO. Republic of Santo
Domingo, "Wednesday. Nov. 18. — Yester
day at noon another severe attack was
made on the city, without effect. The
rebels had many killed and wounded, but
the Government losses were small. The
firing continued during the night, the in
surgents using heavy cannon. . *
The situation here is desperate. The
poor are suffering for necessities and
prices of provisions are rising. The san
itary conditions of the city, however, are
good. ,
DOMINICAN INSURGENTS
LOSE HEAVXLY"!rN ATTACK
Capital ox the Republic Holds Out
Against Their Artillery On- •
slaught.
Mrs./N. Landon sued out a writ of
habeas corpus this afternoon- to have
her two children produced in court. She
says her husband, Bert Landon. has
taken the two children, one 2V t and the
other 1% years old. to the home of his
parents on Cypress street, and that Bhe
is unable to obtain possession of then.
She wants her husband to show cause
why she should not have the custody
of the children. The writ was Issued
by Judge Ellsworth and Is made return
able before him at 10 a. m. to-morrow.
The Landons live at Foint Richmond.
Mrs. Annie Colbert, the wife ot John
Colbert, who was arrested a few days
ago on a charge of beating her, filed
a suit for divorce this afternoon
through Attorney J. L. McVey.
OAKLAND, Nov. 19.— Mrs. Ida Fiest,
mother of the child in the famous baby
selling case, was granted a divorce to
day from Clay H. Fiest, a San Fran
cisco motorman. who charged her with
having sold their infant child for $100.
Judge Hall, in summing up the evidence
given In the case to-day, stated that
from the testimony Mrs. Fiest evident
ly believed that her child was bein?
addpted by people who would give it a
good home. Judge Hall awarded Mrs.
Fiest $13 a month alimony for the sup
port of the child and $75 attorney's
fees.
DIVORCE IS GRANTED
TO MRS. IDA FIEST
Mrs. N. Landon Sues for Custody of
Children — Mrs Annie Colbert
Wants Separation.
OAKLAND. • Nov. 19.— The body of
Hugh Mulholland, who disappeared
from his home on Friday last, was
found in Lake Merritt at the foot of
Twenty-third street this afternoon.
It had evidentaly been In the water
several days. death was
caused by suicide or accident Is uncer
tain.
Mulholland was 66 years of age, and
a trusted employe »>f the Oakland
Street Department. He leaves a son
and several married daughters. There
is no record of his movements since
last Friday, when he left his home at
the corner of Twenty-ninth and Wals
worth streets.
Body of Hugh Mulholland, Who Dis
appeared Last Friday, Is Re
covered From Water.
REMAINS OF AGED MAN"
FOUND IN LAKE MERRITT
The "infraction of the college rules"
to which Editor O'Connor alludes was
the last charter day rush, which re
sulted in the dismissal of three, sen
iors from the university. <.
Editor. O'Connor refused to give the
name of the man he accused in his edi
torial, though he Intimated, It would
putting two and two together it would
be easy to deduce the name of the of
fender. |
"I have said all I intend to say in
that editorial," said O'Connor. "I did
not write it with the intention of pick-
Ing on one man and satisfying any
personal feelings I may have. I will
not divulge, the name because I think
the editorial will accomplish Its pur
pose just as well if . the professor re
mains nameless. • I simply wish x to
make; it understood that the faculty of
this university cannot practice - these
Inconsistencies— can^piot ; punish the stu
dents for the very things they do
themselves." '. .
President Wheeler, to whom the edi
torial was referred, refused to discuss
It in any 'way. . ,- , ., ;„:.
Great is academic consistency.
A few months ago, in a great univer-
Bity not more than a thousand miles
from Berkeley, several students were
tried by a faculty committee on a charge
of aiding and abetting a serious infrac
tion of the college rules. In the case of
one of the students It sought to prove
that he was intoxicated. A particular
member of the committee, a faculty man
of prominence, urged this point especial
ly against the unlucky student on trial.
The student was convicted and was told
that he had behavedilike a rowdy.
Within the last week the particular
student who was convicted of drunken
ness happened to be riding on a street
car in the university town. On the car
he saw his accuser of the faculty com
mittee. The learned scholar was behav
ing In a peculiar manner. He seemed to
have been stricken with paralysis, a pa
ralysis that had especially attacked his
legs and his tongue. At a curve kind
strangers caught the professor and kept
him from being thrown oft* Into the mud.
Besides the student who had been con
victed of ungentlemanly behavior there
were ten people on the car who knew the
professor well. Many more saw him on
the boat and on the train. , ,
Under the caption "Academic Con
sistency" Richard O'Connor, editor of
the Daily Californian, the college paper,
prints this morning a sensational story
charging a member of the faculty of
the University of California with
drunkenness. The name of the offend
ing professor, who is described as being
a member of the students' affairs com
mittee, is withheld. The editorial is the
talk of the campus, and the general
opinion is that the scandal will result
In the dismissal of somebody from the
university, though Editor O'Connor
says he has no fear of a faculty inves
tigation. Here is what Editor O'Con
nor says in his editorial:
It is not only the undergraduates of a
university who have in their keeping the
sacred honor of the Institution. >
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 19.
f SAN DIEGO, Nov. 19. — The San Diego
Poultry t and > Pet Stock . Association is
making great preparations for the sec
ond annual poultry show, which , is to be
held here during : the first • week of ;• next
month. ; A larger number of entries ,than
could be exhibited in the old show rooms
used by. the ; ; club ; have . already been re
ceived and a committee ; has ¦¦ been: "ap
pointed to look up new, quarters.
WASHINGTON, Nov.' 19.— Secretary
Hitchcock .transmitted to Speaker Can
non to-day the draft of a bill to control
• grazing in forest reserves. The bill pro
vides a maximum fine or < $1000 or • Impris
onment not to exceed . one year for pas-
Dietrich and Postmaster. Jacob Fisher of
within forest reserves without a permit
from the Secretary of the Interior.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 19.— President
Elliot of the; Northern Pacific and party
of officials to-day looked over the termi
nal facilities In Tacoma. To-morrow
morning Mr. Elliot will go out to* the
shops at South Tacoma. In the after
noon he will meet a committee of the Pa
cific Coast Lumber Manufacturers' Asso
ciation.
TACOMA. Wash., Nov. 19.— About 1000
men in the Northern Pacific shops in Ta
coma have begun working ten hours per
day again. The usual winter time of nine
hours a day went into effect a month
ago, but the work demanding attention
compels a return to ten hours.
UKIAH. Nov. 19.— At 2:30 o'clock this
morning flre broke out in the tailor shop
of \. Leger & Co., on State street. All
the stock was lost. It was valued at
about $5000. C. E. Owens shoeshop and
the real estate offices of William Peery
were in the same building and were
damaged.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.—Representa
tive Williams of Mississippi introduced a
bill reducing by 20 per cent the duties on
all articles, the growth or product of
such countries as do now or may^ here
after admit natural products of the
United States to their markets free of
import duties. '-"A
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. — The Land
Office has withdrawn from all forms of
disposal four sections of land. -In the
Boise, Idaho, land district for use In con
nection with the Dubois irrigation pro
ject.' Thirty sections of the Blackfoot,
Idaho, land district also have been with
drawn from disposal for a reservoir site
on Boise River.
PATHS. Nov. 19.-The funeral o.. Edwin
L Weeks, the American artist. In the
American Church in the Rue Berri to
dav was attended by the leading Ameri
can artists resident" of Paris.
ROME. Nov. 19.— The Patria an
nounces that there will soon be signed a
treaty of arbitration between France and
Italy similar to that recently concluded
between France and Great Britain.
MEXICO CITY, Nov. 19.— A constitu
tional bill providing for the creation of
a vice presidency has been sent by Min
ister of the Interior Corall to Congress.
In all probability It will be adopted.
ROME, Nov. 19. — Pletro Saccardo, the
architect who restored St. Mark's, at
Venice, is dead. His death is said to be
due to the shock caused by the collapse
of the campanile of St. Mark's on June
14, 1902.
VALLEJO, Nov. 19. — Orders were is
sued yesterday for the distiller s.hlp Iris
to be put out of commission as soon as
possible. Work on the turning in of
stores and stripping the vessel has al
ready been started.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 19.— Patrick
Cahill. a switchman employed by the
Southern Pacific here, was run over and
killed about 6 o'clock this morning, while
coupling cars in the yards. r He leaves a
family at Delhart, Texas.
OGDEN, Utah, Nov. 19.— By the arrest
to-day of George* Wells the police se
cured t one of the ringleaders of a gang or
highwaymen and murderers who have
been terrorizing the country between Og
den and Reno with a series of crimes.
LONDON, ' Nov. 19.— Joseph Chamber
lain displays incessant activity in Ms ris
cal campaign. In a letter to the Tariff
Reform League to-day he invites public
subscriptions toward the raising of *>00.
000 for the purpose of carrying on the
propaganda.
SEATTLE, Nov. 19.— A special to the
Post-Intelligencer from Dawson rays that
the office of the Yukon Sun was wrecked
by an explosion of gasoline In the base
ment this evening. Fire consumed the
building and destroyed the plant. J.ne
loss was $25,000.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
--#— «
College Editor Exposes
'Faculty Member's
Condudt.
BOSTON, Nov. 19.— Mayor Patrick
Collins, Democrat, to-day was nom
inated by primary vote for re-election.
The Republicans nominated George N.
Swallow and the Socialists nominated
G. W. Allln. • . r^;; . .
Mayor Collins Is Renominated.
UNIVERSITY MAN
FEELS THE LASH
CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. 19.— The flre
at Vera Cruz yesterday destroyed sev
en block of dwellings, leaving 1500 poor
persons homeless. The commercial in
terests of Vera Cruz were not harmed.
The loss will not be great, as most of
the Luildings were huts. A gale con
tinues, forcing steamers to come into
port.
Fire Benders Hundreds Homeless.
The Glee Club will take In a larger
territory than ever before in its next
singing tour. At present its scope will
extend to Reno, Nevada, and it may pos
sibly be enlarged so that it will Include
Salt Lake. ;. ; :;,"
In an address delivered before the stu
dents taking: the short course in agricul
ture yesterday Professor E. W. Hilgard,
dean of the Agricultural College, said
that the education of the country youth
is lacking in nature study, and he advo
cated the introduction into the schools
of courses in that subject.
To-morrow is the last day remaining
for paying the Blue and Gold assess
ments and having photographs taken.
The freshman-sophomore debate will
be held in Stiles Hall at 7:45 o'clock
Saturday evening, when the following
question will be discussed: "Resolved,
That a democratic form of government
Is adapted to the French people." Tha
affirmative will be sustained by the fol
lowing sophomores: W. S. Andrews, W.
E. Moroney and J. P. Griffiths; the nega
tive by the following freshmen: N. H.
Eisner, E. M. Peixotto and T. H. Buck
ingham.
The students In the short course In
dairying at tho Agricultural College
have begun to make cheese under the in
struction of the faculty. These practical
tests are carried on with cream derived
from the college dairy.
Another number of the Pelican, the
college comic paper, will be issued be
fore the term closes. The staff has been
reorganized and each editor assigned to
a special department of humor.
The university song book that was re
cently compiled by a committee of tho
faculty and students is about to come
from the press. All the songs are those
written exclusively by students, alumni
or members of the faculty. The expense
of publication will be borne by the Asso
ciated Students.
The new dramatic club for the co-«ds
has been permanently organized by the
adoption of a constitution. The follow
ing are the charter members: Miss Tal
lulah Le Conte. Miss Edouardo Howard,
Miss Edith Reynolds, Miss Pauline Ack
erman, Miss Beatrice M. Snow, Miss
Thatcher and Winifred Osborne.
BERKELEY, Nov. 19. — Dr. Thomas
Walker Page will assume his duties as
instructor, in medieval history at the be
ginning of the next term. Dr. Page is
now professor of political science at the
University of Texas. He was formerly
connected with the university as instruc
tor in history, having served from 189S
until 1902.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Professor A. V. Stubenrauch of the
University of California will address
the tree planting section of the Wo
men's Civic Improvement Club of Oak
land to-morrow afternoon at 3:30
o'clock in Mayor Olney's reception
room in the City Hall of Oakland. His
subject will be tree planting.
The cities of Oakland and Berkeley
will join in celebrating Arbor day on
December. 1. The public spirited citi
zens of the two cities will gather and
carry out a programme for tree plant
ing that will have for its aim the beau
tifying of all the avenues.
This was decided at a meeting this
morning of committees representing
both cities at the residence of Mrs. A.
J. Ralston of 2616«Channlng way. Pro
fessor A. B." Lemmon and A. G. Bell
represented the Oakland City Council.
Mrs. Gorrill and Mrs. Borland the Wo
men's Civic Improvement Club of Oak
land, and the following named ladles
the tree planting committee of the
Town and Gown Club: Mrs. Ralston,
chairman; Mrs. Allan G. Freeman, Dr.
Mary B. Ritter, Mrs. D. B. Hunter,
Mrs. Charles Palmer, Mrs. Thomas Ad
dlson, Mrs. E. J. Wickson, Mrs. Benja
min Bangs, Mrs. John Hinkle, Mrs. J.
C. Lynch, Mrs. F. H. Payne and Mrs.
G. A. Easton.
, The meeting decided to plant trees
on Grove street. College and Telegraph
avenues in both citiea on Arbor day.
Joint exercises will be held in the open
air, weather permlttingt to consist
mainly of addresses by well known
speakers. Elm trees will be planted on
the streets named and bids will be
called for from the leading florists. The
committee will meet again within a
week to decide more fully upon the ex
ercises for the day and to consider the
bids submitted.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Nov. 19.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 19.— Damages in
the sum of $150 are demanded, by Mary
Holden from Franz Wlschnewiski for
being "hosed down with cold water."
She allowed the hose wielder to play a
stream on her on his guarantee that
the frigid water treatment would cure
her of an ailment with which she was
afflicted. Since Wischnewiski per
formed the operation the woman as
serts that she has felt worse than she
did before, and to-day began an action
against the water-cure man In the
City Justice's Court to recover the
amount sued for, alleging that she has
be»;n injured physically and mentally
to that extent. -Vv *;
In her complaint the woman avers
that she was employed by Wischnew
iski. and that when she became ill he
represented to her that he was a regu
lar medical practitioner and prescribed
for her a shower. bath with a garden
hoso. She submitted to the treatment
aud finding that the water cure did not
end her trouble, but on the contrary
increased its severity, dispensed with
the hose-wielder's services. It Is also
alleged by the plaintiff that Wichnew
iski "was never a qualified medical
practitioner, but practiced fraudu
lently upon her for the purpose of de
ceiving and injuring her."
When the detectives visited the Ban
nan residence they met the same state
of affairs. The Bannans had been at
dinner when their unwelcome and un
bidden caller made his hasty entrance
and exit by climbing into the house by
way of the front porch and a bedroom
window. Without disturbing a soul In
the house the thief speedily made the
rounds of the sleeping apartments,
gathering in -all of the jewelry he could
find and using the same methods as
were employed at the Crellin residence.
The value placed by the police upon the
list of stolen gems reported by Bannan
is $500.
Police Investigation caused the detec
tives to accept the theory that the
same man was guilty of both thefts. It
is conceded at police headquarters that
the thief or thieves are bright and par
ticular stars, and the detectives fear
that the cases will be extremely diffi
cult to handle In view of the character
of the operations.
After supper Mrs. Crellin went up
stairs, only to discover tc her dismay
the loss that had been sustained. After
an inventory of the missing jewelry the
police gave out the statement that
more than $1000 worth of gems had
been stolen, and not a trace of the
thief's identity in sight.
DISCOVERS HEB LOSS.
Apparently satisfied with his even
ing's expedition, the busy thief depart
ed by the way he arrived, leaving only
empty jewel boxes littered about the
chambers, muddy footprints on carpets
and window casings and disorder as
evidence of his call.
Reports from the two residences were
sent to police headquarters almost sim
ultaneously, the thefts having been dis
covered about 7:30 o'clock at each
home. Detectives were dispatched to
the Crellin and Bannan homes, but tho
best that could be uncovered from tho
conditions was the very evident fact
that a man or men exceptionally tal
ented in their peculiar line of thievery
had accomplished the crimes. ,
It was between 6:30 and 7: SO o'clock
this evening {hat the Crellin residence
was entered. The family was at din
ner, and all of the house servants were
on the main floor attending to various
domestic duties. The porch-climber
made his way undisturbed to a point
within reach of a bedroom window,
which was quickly opened. He» first
visited Mrs. Thomas Crellin'9 apart
ments, and evidently was well supplied
with burglar's keys and picklocks, for
he opened chiffonier drawers, escri
toires and Jewel boxes with a- facility
that indicated the use of a first-clasa
kit of tools. Watches, rings, pins and
anything else that caught the burglar's
discriminating eyes vanished. Then
Miss Mona • Crellin's boudoir was> vis
ited, and an equally complete clean-up
occurred there.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Nov. 19.
Daring porch-climbers invaded tha
Llkeslde district to-night and rifled
residences of watches, diamonds, rings,
brooches and j>ln3 valued at more than
11500. Those who suffered by the clever
work were the family of Thomas Crel
lin. president of the Central Bank, re
siding at 1394 Alice street, and William
Bannan, a San Francisco broker, re
siding; at 1437 Harrison street. The op
erations were identical in method and
equally successful, as not a vestige of
valuables remained in the apartments
visited after the bold and nimble
thieves completed the jobs.
The families were dining downstairs
while the catlike climbers went up tha
convenient porch-covering stanchions,
entered by windows and deftly and
speedily overhauled the sleeping apart
ments, gathering together everything
that looked like jewelry In their hur
ried but comprehensive search for
plunder.
POLICE ABE NOTIFIED.
Clever Crime Is Committed
in the Crellin and the
Bannan Homes.
Says She Feels Worse Now
Than Before Taking
Treatment.
Three Committee3 of Leading
People Meet and Discuss
the Plans.
Patient Sues Cold Water
Cure Doctor for
Damages.
Lakeside Residences Are
Rifled of Valuable
Jewelry.
Oakland and Berkeley
Will Plant Trees
Together.
CITIES ARRANGE
FOR ARBOR DAY
PLAYS GARDEN
HOSE ON WOMAN
PORCH-CLIMBERS
MAKE BIG HAUL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
Little Members of Sunshine Club Work Energetically to
Add Their Mite Toward Success of Reception and Bazaar
to Be Given at King's Daughters' Home for Incurables
CHILDISH FINGERS FASHION
PRETTY THINGS FOR BOOTH
LITTLE FOLK WHO ARE IN
TERESTED IN THE BENEFIT
BAZAAR.
4
WATCH FOR THE
BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
IN THE BIG
THANKSGIVING T
EDITION,
NEXT SUNDAY CALLVICTORIA. B. C. Nov.' 1 19. — The Brit
ish Columbia Legislature will convene
next Thursday. -.;¦;,.* ? ...... . ,
• Owing to stormy weather and rood shooting
between here and . Stockton, the Santa Fe has
extra car» for hunters on ; train leaving 1 . San
Francisco 4 p." m. Saturday and leaving Stock
ton 2:55 p. m. Sunday, to arrive In San Fran
cisco 6:25 p.'-m. ' ••¦'-.'.- '¦
Ack about ahootlnff grounds at <M1 Market
Extra Hunters' Service on the Santa
: ; Fe.: v v -. ; ; .. ¦ .
DUCKS!
WASHINGTON. Nov. 19.— The hy
drographlc office here has given notice
of the discovery of a great danger to
navigation in the Pacific. This con
sists of a. rock about 40 to 50 feet high,
and five to six times as long east. and
west, in latitude 32.44 north, longitude
139.41 east. The rock was discovered
by Captain M. B. Buford of the trans
port Thoma3.
Discovers Menace to Navigation.
Minneapolis Has "a Murder Mystery.
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 19.— With twenty
one stiletto wounds, the frozen body of
Salvador Battalia was found early, to-day
on the Franklin-avenue bridge. That
robbery was not the motive is clear from
the fact that about $65 .was . found in his
pockets. AJoaded revolver in his pocket
gives rise to the belief. that he had been
struck down from behind without a
chance to defend himself. There Is no
clew to the murderers."
FREEPORT. I11.V Nov. 19.— Dexter A.
Knowlton. aged 60. -well known in bank-
Ing and religious' circles' throughout the
.West, is dead. '-^nHBigMgugM
CHICAGO Nov. 19.— Marks Nathan, the
"Scrap Iron King." whose will has Just
been filed, left provision for the erection
of a synagogue in Jerusalem. He also left
instructions that land be purchased In the
Holy City and dwellings erected for the
free housing of the families of poor and
deserving Jews. Out of a total fortune of
$120.000— made in the buying and selling of
scrap iron— Nathan bequeated $46,500 to
charity. The amount named for expendi
ture in Jerusalem was $15,000. An equal
sum was set aside for the erection of a
Jewish hospital or asylum for Jewish
orphans.
Chicago's "Scrap Iron King" Leaves
815,000 for Erection of a Jew
ish Home in Jerusalem.
PROVIDES IN HIS WELL :
FOR POOR IN HOLY CITY
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Dunckley of
Portland, Or., are at the, Savoy. Hotel,
where they will be until Saturday,
when they leave for a tour of Southern
California,
Mrs. Frank A. Spencer returned yes
terday from a two months' visit to Los
Angeles, Santa Barbara and Coronado
and is at the Palace. She leaves for
her home in Portland, Or., to-night.
Mrs. William Watt gave a luncheon
yesterday in honor of Mrs. Langdon,
formerly Miss Ruth Dunham.
Mr. and Mrs. Marley F. Hay leave
for New York on Sunday night, where
they will reside for an Indefinite per
iod. Mr. Hay was the superintending
constructor' of the submarine torpedo
boats Grampus and Pike, built at the
Union Iron Works by the Hammond
Torpedo-boat Company. The boats
having now been fully accepted by the
Government, Mr. Hay returns to his
duties in the home office in New York.
terday afternoon for her daughter, Mrs.
Morley Hay, who departs Sunday for
New York. Many guests "were received
at the Cole-street home.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yester
day on the body of Prospero Migalo, the
bootblack who was shot In the head and
killed by Nicola Crudo on November 8
on Green street, near Kearny. Nothing
new was elicited and the Jury returned a
verdict charging Crudo with murder.
Crudo Charged With Murder.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— Charges
have been filed with Attorney General
Knox supposed to reflect on the char
acter of Judge J. C. Pollock of the Kan
sas Supreme Court bench. Judge Pol
lock is one of the several candidates
for the vacancy on the Federal bench
of that State, caused by the 'promotion
of United States District Judge Wil
liam Hook. At a meeting of the Kansas
delegation in Congress to-day, called for
the purpose of recommending a suc
cessor to Judge Hook, the charges
against Judge Pollock were alluded to
and postponement of action was taken
until Saturday that Judge Pollock
might have opportunity to present an
answer to the charges. The charges
have not been laid before the delega
tion.
Charges Are Filed Against Judge
Pollock, Who Aspires to Seat on
the Federal Bench. *-' V"V,-'
CHARACTER OF KANSAS
JURIST IS ATTACKED
DENVER. Nov. 19.-Should Charles
McKinney. Patrick Mullaney and
Thomas Foster be convicted on the
chaSe of attempted train-wrecking on
which they have been arrested at Crip
tTip Creek they will be liable to the
death penalty v under the Colorado stat
ute Adjutant General Sherman Bell
says that these men.' with others, were
shadowed by soldiers .in citizens
SotSS. who saw them in the act of
Amoving spikes and fishplates from a
rail on the Florence and Cripple Creek
Railroad, the apparent object being to
wreck a train carrying hundreds of
miners home from work.
Foiled Train Wreckers Stand in the
Shadow of the Gallows.
DEATH MAY BE THE PENALTY.
Dr. Mervy's Death RegTetted.
The death of Dr. Alphonse J. Mervy
of this city, which occurred last Tues
day evening at San Diego, has caused
the deepest regret among the numer
ous citizens with whom he had come
In contact professionally and socially
for numerous years. Dr. Mervy was
56 years of age at the time of his de
mise. He came to San Francisco from
Bordeaux, France, when a child and
early in life studied medicine In this
city, where he practiced for more than
thirty years. The late Dr. Mervy was
an enthusiastic yachtsman. Besides his
widow he leaves four children— Mrs. A.
A. Denison of Oakland; Mrs. George
McMillan of Portland, Or.; LI to A.
Mervy of this city, Mrs. Franklyn
Carty of Hawaii— and two brothers, U.
Mervy and Dr. E. C. Mervy, both of
this city.
She. had been absent from the gallery
about ten minutes when she appeared
at one of the doors of the ladles' gal
lery and, raising her right hand far
above her head, she shouted in a loud
and clear, tone: . "Saloons are an
archy; saloons are treason and conspir
acy!" She was preparing to go on.
when a doorkeeper caught her and
pushed. her out of the door. .;.'•:.
Detective R. D. Redfern of the.Capi
tol police force took a place by her side
as soon as she was expelled from the
gallery and prevented a further scene
by placing her under arrest.
The District police were informed of
the arrest and Mrs. Nation was taken
to police headquarters.
, ; Detective ; Redfern accompanied Mrs
Nation to the Police Court, where she
was arraigned before Judge Klmball on
a charge ; of disorderly conduct .and
breach of the peace. Judge Klmball
fined ;her $25 or thirty days in Jail, the
maximum J penalty for the offense
charged. Mrs. Nation made an appeal
for assistance and by the sale, of sou
venir hatchets added a sum to her
pocket supply of money- which allowed
her to pay the-fine.
Mrs. Nation complained sharply of
her expulsion from the White House
and said she did not know why she had
been so treated. «
COMPLAINS OF EXPULSION.
hatchet attached. She then went to the
marble room and talked with Senator
Cockrell.
HONOLULU, Nov. 19.— Fisk & Robin
son of New York have made a bid to take
at par the proposed Issue of $1,000,000 four
and a half per cent Hawaiian Territorial
bonds. Their offer has been accepted.
This issue of Hawaiian bonds is due In
fifteen years. The bonds are exempt from
all taxation and are authorized to be de
posited with the Treasurer of the United
States by United States depositories and
fiscal aprents as security for deposits of
United States funds. The proceeds of the
bonds are to be ¦ used in public improve
ments, the specific Items of improvements
having been named already by the Ha
waiian Legislature.
Take One Million Dollars in the Ter
ritorial Government's Paper
at Par.
NEW YORK BIDDERS GET
HAWAIIAN BOND ISSTTE
CHICAGO. Nov. 19.— Faithful em
ployes of the McCormick Harvesting
Machine Company, which sold out to
the International Harvester Company
In 1902, are to have a share In the prof
its of the new company, according to
an official announcement to-day. Em
ployes who worked five years or more
with the McCormick Company re
ceive certificates of stock, par $100,
to the extent of 5 per cent of the to
tal salaries they have earned during
their connection with the company
This action is taken as recognition
of the "co-operation which was uni
formly rendered by the employes to the
management." .
Employes of Harvester Company to
Be Given Certiflicates of Stock.
WILL SHAEE THE PROFITS.
Mrs." Nation went direct to the Capi
tol after leaving the White House and
appeared In the Senate gallery, a, few
minutes before the Senate was called
to order at noon. She was soon discov
ered and surrounded by pages and mes
senger boys, -«nd '(until prohibited by
the Senate officials did a thriving busi
ness in selling ] her 'cards with ; a tiny
Officers D.alrymple and Kemp were
obliged to use some force to induce her
to leave the executive offices and finally
conducted her, outside of - the White
House grounds. I
Secretary^ Loeb beckoned to Officer
Dalrymple, and the officer took Mrs
Nation gently by the'arm and estorted
her back into the reception hall. There
she began to rave about the President
conducting a liquor dive on his special
train. • . :.
"You are mistaken!" shouted Mrs
Nation hysterically. "These are the
people's offices. I propose to do what I
can right here and now to crush the
liquor reptile.' You tell me that the
President is too busy to see me but I
tell you that I don't believe It!"'
¦Mrs. Nation Immediately began to lee
ture them on the evils of the liquor
traffic. , . h?:,ic*
"Madam," broke in Secretary Loeb
"I am compelled to request you to dis
continue your talk. If you want to de
liver a lecture you will have Ho go out
side. These are my offices."
RAISES A DISTURBANCE.
"Well, that is funny!" she cried out,
remarking on the number of United
States Senators and Representatives
who were passing in and out of the
President's office. "I see a lot of men
going in and out of his office. I should
like to know why can see the
President and : we mothers and sisters
of the country can't get. near him"
She insisted that she must see Secre
tary Loeb. and in a few minutes she was
ushered into his office. While she was
awaiting her turn to talk to Loeb the
four Democratic Representatives of
Pennsylvania and two Republican Rep
resentatlves of New York happened to
pass through the office.
"I am going to pray for a prohibition
President, and we will have one— one
who will represent the people and not
the distillers and brewers. You may
put me out of the building, but if a
brewer or liquor dealer were here he
would have been admitted at once!"
Mrs. Nation called at the executive
offices and asked to see * President
Roosevelt. She gave her card to the
doorkeeper, Arthur Simmons, who, rec
ognizing her name, immediately prof
fered her an autograph album, In which
she inscribed the following:
''Carrie A. Nation, your loving home
defender.
: ••Vote; for prohibition of the liquor
Presently she was informed that the
President could not see her.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— Mrs. Carrie
A. Nation appeared in the principal
role of a sensational scene at the White
House to-day. Her request to see the
President being refused, she became vio
lent and had to be taken from the exec
utive offices by two police officers. As
she was being escorted from the build
ing she shouted at the top of her voice,
gesticulating violently:
Invades j White House
and Denounces the
President.
Father Brennan only recently 're
turned from an extended trip to Eu
rope and up to a few days ago was
in the best of health. He was stricken
down suddenly with the dread malady
and grew worse rapidly. Yesterday all
hope of his recovery was given up.
Father Brennan is one of the pioneer
clergymen of this city. He arrived
here in the early sixties and built the
Mission Dolores Church, adjoining the
famous Mission Chapel. He is a noted
scholar and a man of profound learn
ing.
Rev. Father Richard P. Brennan, the
venerable pastor at Mission Dolores
Church, lies at the point of death at
the parochial residence adjoining the
church. He is Buffering from acute
Bright's disease and his attending
physician. Dr. C. F. Buckley, says he
will not survive the attack.
Venerable Priest Is Stricken Down
Suddenly With an Attack of
Bright's Disease.
REV. FATHER BEENNAN
LIES AT DEATH'S DOOR
CARRIE NATION
CREATES SCENE
Experienced' men moralize as little as
youthful philosophers know experience.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19.— A man
sentenced to serve seven years In Sing
Sing under the name of George Gal
bert, but who is said to be the grand
son of a former Governor of Kentucky.
Is reported to have been pardoned after
having served three months. Galbert
was captured with several others in a
police raid on the Ariston baths in thi3
city. He pleaded guilty to a serious
charge and was given the extreme
penalty under the law.
Political Pull Saves a Felon.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The Senate
transacted no business in open session
to-day beyond the receipt of bills and
petitions. After an executive session
the Senate adjourned.
Idle Day for Senators.
It was rumored in Washington to
night that, because of the attacks upon
him, General Wood, would be ordered
home for an investigation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The in
quiry of the Senate Committee on Mil
itary Affairs into the opposition to the
confirmation of the nomination of Gen
eral Leonard Wood to be major gen
eral in the army was begun to-day and
the hearing, so far as it has gone, was
behind closed doors. Before closing
the doors there were exchanges of
opinion concerning the propriety of
making the proceedings public. The
point was raised by Senator Quarles
and sustained that as all the business
was executive In character the com
mittee had no right to make it public
without first obtaining an order from
the Senate.
Senator Scott made a plea for open
sessions during the hearing.
"It will all be in the evening papers,
anyhow," he said, "and I think it bet
ter to have an authorized report than
try to hide the proceedings."
In addition to the members of the
committee and the newspaper men.
Senators Teller and Hanna and Major
Estes G. Rathbone were present, the
last named three being prepared to
present objections tp General Wood's
confirmation. It was said that no
charges had yet been filed against the
general, but Senator Proctor, who pre
sided, said that he understood Major
Rathbone would present such charges.
Senator Hanna's protest dealt prin
cipally with his active interest in be
half of Rathbone, when he was under
prosecution for malfeasance in office as
director of posts for Cuba in 1900 and in
subsequent years. He said that Gen
eral Wood's requirement that Rath
bone should give a cash bond of $25,000
in American gold when he was first
arrested was beyond all reason, in view
of the fact that the amount he was
charged with having misappropriated
was only about $4000, and Hanna con
tended that a man who would be so
unjust and so unfair under the circum
stances should not be entrusted with
high command. He also spoke of his
long acquaintance, with Major Rath
bone and reiterated his confidence in
his integrity.
Senator Teller said that he had
known Major Rathbone for many
years, and, from his knowledge of him,
in public and private life, he
i thought the major had been unjustly
treated under the directions of Gener
al Wood. Teller then took up the ques
tion of the promotion of General Wood
and went into details to show that he
had been pressed forward in an "un
precedented manner." He said that
from the time of the beginning of the
Cuban war, when General Wood was a
surgeon with the rank of captain, he
had been lifted over the heads of al
most 500 other officers, of whom half
had seen service in the Civil War.
The committee will continue its ses
sions to-morrow.
Soon after the wagon and the cars
carrying the officers had left Thirty
eighth street two cars came up from
the opposite direction. As they were
crossing Thirty-eighth street the mob
let fly a shower of stones, demolishing
the car windows and causing four pas
sengers on the first car to flee. The
mob then swarmed upon the cars and
had beeun to beat the train crews
when the two cars with the policemen
and the crew of the wrecking wagon
came hurrying back.
The mob, which had greatly increased
by this time, was in an angry mood
and refused to move. The police drew
their revolvers and clubs and charged.
The mob used stones and curses, while
the police swung their clubs with vigor.
There was a warm fight, which lasted
about two minutes, and then the mob
broke and Jjled In all directions. A
number of those engaged in the rioting
were arrested.
The demand for a sympathetic strike
to aid the former employes of the Chi
cago City Railway Company was re
fused to-night at a meeting of the
members of the union employes on all
the lines running through the north
section of the city. Instead of taking
such summary action, the north side
men decided to give their striking
brethren financial aid, and to this end
$10,000 was voted to the strikers.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— Despite the
united efforts to-day of Mayor Harri
son and the Aldermanic mediation com
mittee to bring about a peaceable ad
justment of the Chicago City Railway
strike, there is little change In the sit
uation to-night. After an all day ses
sion of the board of directors of the
company, at which the proposal sub
mitted by the strikers to Mayor Har
rison stating the terms on which they
would settle was considered, a counter
proposal was prepared by the officers
of the railway company and sent to
the Mayor to-night. As soon as the
document was received at the City Hall
the executive committee of the strik
ers' union was sent for, but as only
half the members of the committee put
in an appearance no action can be
taken on the answer of the company
until to-morrow.
Mayor Harrison said that some slight
modifications had been made by the
company's officers in their original an
swer to the demands of the men. What
these modifications were the Mayor de
clined to say.
A serious riot occurred to-nieht at
Thirty-eighth street and Wentworth
avenue. The trouble began when a
wrecking wagon manned by a non
union crew and guarded by six special
policemen passed Thirty-seventh street
and Wentworth avenue. A crowd
quickly gathered and followed It. When
Thirty-eighth street was reached 200
men were around the wagon, which
they threatened to destroy and then
offered violence to the men. Just In
the nick of time two cars carrying
eighteen policemen came up. The
crowd drew back and allowed the wag
on to pass.
A proposition to amalgamate the
Western Federation of Miners with the
American Federation of Labor was
sent to the executive council, with the
understanding that a committee should
be appointed to bring about if possible
the affiliation.
BOSTON, Nov. 19.— The American
Federation of Labor to-day disposed
summarily of the "open shop" issue as
raised in the case of William A. Miller,
now employed in the Government
Printing Office at Washington, and the
Miller case Itself, by unanimously de
claring in favor of the union shop in
Government as well as in private en
terprises, and by petitioning President
Roosevelt to re-examine the evidence
offered against Miller, and if verified to
remove Miller. Although the resolution
adopted presented the federation's view
on both the "open shop" and the Miller
case, the issues are kept entirely dis
tinct. The re-examinatlon of the Miller
case is not requested because Miller is
not a unionist, a circumstance formerly
urged as a reason for his removal, but
because, the federation > believes Miller
"is totally unfit to be in charge of
working people."
When the convention reassembled to
day a hundred or more resolutions had
yet to be acted upon. The schedule of
the proceedings provides for the elec
tion of officers to-morrow.
The first business was the acceptance
of an unfavorable report on the resolu
tion that labor unionists be obligated
to use only union label goods.
• A resolution favoring the election by
direct vote of the people of the Presi
dent, Vice President, members of the
Cabinet and the United States Sen
ators, Supreme Court Justices and At
torneys General of the several States
of the Union was adopted.
The committee offered a substitute
for a resolution presented by Delegate
Furuseth of San Francisco that the
convention protests against the build
ing of an isthmian canal as leading in
evitably to interference with the sover
eignty of sister republics and to the an
nexation of all the territory between
Mexico and the proposed canal. The
substitute favored the construction of
the proposed canal, but suggested that
as there are hundreds of thousands of
Southern, European and Italian labor
ers who are citizens of the United
States, none but citizens should be em
ployed In the construction of the canal.
This matter was laid upon the table.
The convention hext unanimously
adopted resolutions that the Chinese
exclusion act be made to apply to the
Japanese and Koreans and other
Asiatic Mongolian labor in the Philip
pine and Hawaiian Islands, and that
the Chinese exclusion act continue In
full force in these islands. '
The Panama canal question was
taken from the table and discussed at
some length. Delegate Lennon, treas
urer of the federation, opposed ' the
building of the canal, declaring that it
looked very much to him as if the"
President of the United States had en
gineered the Panama revolution to put
through a great scheme In. the inter
ests of some of the great financiers of
the world. When the question was put
to a vote the substitute of the commit
tee favoring the canal was carried. 99
to 47.
She was at once taken in charge by
Superintendent Smith, who hastily
! summoned Drs. Vogt and Reinle, and
; after administering the first remedy in
; such cases they had her taken to the
j hospital. In her pocket was a letter
! addressed to Chief of Police Wittman
of this city, which said:
"I have not felt well since. What
ever you do, stand by Joe and be his
friend. You promised that to him
when you called at the house on Web
ster street, when his dear father lay
dead in the front parlor. Good-by.
"MRS. J. LINSKEY."
Mrs. Linskey's husband was a po
liceman In the San Francisco depart
ment and died about twelve years ago.
She has one son, Joseph, about 25 years
of ace, who is in the employ of the
telephone company and with whom
she has made her home.
Young Linskey. who went to Oak
land as soon as he was notified of his
mother's attempt to end her life, said:
"I do not know what could have made
my mother do such a thing. She has
not been very well lately and through
her absence from the company's office
lost her position. She has brooded over
this, and I suppose became despondent
and tired and thought she would end
It all. Her elster was buried In St.
Mary's Cemetery, and I suppose that is
why she went there."
Mrs. Linskey made her appearance
at Mountain View Cemetery about 10:30
o'clock yesterday morning, wandered
about for some time and then went
through the gate leading Into * St.
Mary's Catholic Cemetery, which ad-
Joins on the west. The day and the
storm and her general appear
ance caused her to be noticed
and an hour or so later one
of the attendants found her retching
on a crave and unconscious. While
carrying her to the lodge of the ceme
tery a phial dropped out of her dress
bearing the label of the Red Cross drug
store in this city and marked "Lysol,
poison."
Tired of battling longer with the
world and despondent over the loss of
her position as matron in the telephone
office in this city. Mrs. J. Linskey of
1214 Larkin street crossed the bay yes
terday and, going to the grave of her
sister in St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland,
attempted suicide by taking the con
tents of a four-ounce bottle of lysol.
She was found in an unconscious con
dition and taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in Oakland, where she now lies,
hovering between life and death. Stew
ard Borchert thinks that she will re
cover.
The evidence is all circumstantial.
The defense claims that Drayeur struck
his head against some furniture In hla
rcom, inflicting the wound on his fore
head, and causing the hemorrhage of
the brain from which he died.
SAXTA ROSA, Nov. 19.-Mrs. Sophie
Drayeur was placed on trial to-day be
fore Judge William P. Lawlor of San
Francisco on a charge of having mur
dered her husband. The crime is al
leged to have taken place at Healds
burg about August 9, the corpse of
Drayeur having been round on that
day. The deceased was a well known
resident of Healdsburg. where he lived
on Center street. He had been on a
debauch prior to his death. His wife
declares that she is Innocent.
The selection of the Jury occupied
most of the day, and only two wit
nesses were examined. These were
City Marshal Parker and Dr. J. Walter
Seawell. The latter conducted a post
mortem examination. v finding many
contusions and abrasions, a lacerated
wound across the forehead nearly
three Inches in length and a slight
fracture of the skull at the base of
the brain. A hemorrhage of the brain
had be*en the immediate cause of death,
resulting from the force of the blow
on the forehead.
She Swallows the Contents
of a Small Phial
Police With Drawn Revolvers
and Clubs Charge
Crowds.
Drops the Non-Union Side of
Fight Against Govern
ment Employe.
Mrs. Sophie Drayeur, Accused
- of Killing Her Hus
band, on Trial.
Urges Miller's Removal
Because of Alleged
Unfltness.
Mrs. J. Linskey Tries to
End Her Life on
Sister's Grave.
Mobs Riot in Chicago
While Negotiations
Drag Along.
Mysterious Healdsburg
Case in Santa Rosa
Court.
Mrs. James Boobar gave a tea yes-
Mrs. Robert H. Postlethwaite was the
hostess at a pretty tea at her home,
2349 Pacific avenue, yesterday after
noon. The tea was given In honor of
the debut of her daughter. Miss Marga
ret Postlethwaite.
The house was deeorateJ with yellow
chrysanthemums. The entrance hall
and stairs were set off with a profusion
of greens and palms, the table being
lighted by a soft orange glow from
prettily decorated candelabra.
Mrs. Postlethw '*c was assisted In re
ceiving by her daughter. Miss Margaret.
Mrs. H. W. Postlethwaite. Mrs. E. D.
Billiard. Mrs. J. A. Wright, Miss Ferris,
Miss Jessie Wright, Miss Emily Wilson,
Miss Helen Chesebrough, Miss Anna
Foster. .Miss Hel*n Morrison. Miss Me
lanJe Lancel, Miss Mabel Dodge and
JfiM Alys Chapman-
The Irving Club held an informal re
ception yesterday afternoon at Utopia
Hall. The attendance was restricted
to members, who gathered in the club
room for a social chat. Light refresh
ments were served.
• • •
Miss Mabel Hogg was the hostess at j
a pretty little luncheon and card party j
yesterday at her Sacramento-street j
home. Red roses and autumn leaves j
beneath pretty red-Ehaded candelabra
gave the r^ooms an extremely artistic
appearance. Each name card had a
daintily framed miniature with it, one
of a series of Watteau heads. Miss
Hojrg's guests were Miss Florence Cal
larhan, Mrs. Charles K. Harley, Miss
Bolle Harmes, Miss Mabel duff. Miss
Mabel Toy, Mies Eleanor Eckart, Miss
Ethel Dean. Miss Paula Wolff, Miss
Norma Castle, Miss Lalla Wenzelbur
ger. Miss Emily Stone, Mrs. Harvey
Toy and Miss Josephine Lindley.
• • •
One of the largest and most attractive
card parties of the winter took place
yesterday afternoon at the home of
Mrs. Douglass Sloan Watson on Val
lejo street. The pretty house was pic
turesquely decorated with greens and
many colored autumn foliage. Seven
handed euchre w-as played. There were
many prizes and the fortunate ones had
cause to be proud of their rewards.
Those present were Miss Ardella Mills.
Miss Harvey Anthony. Mrs. Ferdinand
Stephenson. Miss Malita Pease, Miss
Edna Middleton. Mrs. Thomas Benton
Darragh. Miss Marjorie Gibbons, Miss
Bo!ton, Mrs. Harry Durbrow, Mrs. Eu
gene Lent. Mrs. Martinez, Mrs. Charles
Farquharson. Mrs. Alpheus Bull, Miss
Castle, Mrs. Drysdale. Mrs. John Sut
ton. Miss Everding. Miss Sharp. Miss
Ethel Cooper, Mrs. Charles Jackson.
Mrs. Frank Winchester, Miss Sara
Drum, Mrs. Alfred Baker Spalding,
Mrs. Harold Cloke, Mrs. John Rodgers
Clark. Miss Bernie Drown, Miss Leon
tine Blakeman. Miss Charlotte Ellin
wood, Mrs. Edward Pond. Mrs. John
Partridge. Mrs. Harry Gray, Mrs.
Wakefield Baker, Mrs. Leonard Chen
ery. Mrs. Henry Crocker, Mrs. William
H. Porter. Mrs. Albert Sutton, Mrs.
Fletcher Ryer, Mrs. Samuel Buckbee.
Mrs. Arthur Brander. Miss Bertha Dol
beer, Mrs. George Martin, Miss Grace
Buckles'. Miss Ella O'Connor. Mrs. T.
Danforth Boardman, Miss Helen Wag
ner, Mrs. Frank Findley. Miss Laura
Hamilton. Mrs. George Armsby. Miss
Florence Smith, Mrs. Edward Hough
ton. Miss Edith Allyne. MBss Edna
Hamilton, Miss Eva Madden, Miss
Amy Gunn, Miss Ida Gibbons, Mrs.
Louis Ray Burgess and Mrs. Henry
Montague-
Mrs. John I. Sabin and her daughters,
Mrs. Redmond V>~. Payne and Miss
Pearl Sabin. pave a large reception yes
terday at the Sabin residence on Cali
fornia street. The house was prettily
decorated with white chrysanthemums.
More than 400 invitations were issued
and more than 100 gruests attended.
Mrs. Fabin wore a white crepe gown.
Mrs. Payne was attired in a pretty
blue and white grenadine, and Miss Sa
bin in white chiffon.
The reception was given in honor of
the return of Miss Pearl Sabin from an
extended visit to Chicago. Mrs. Sabin
had assisting her in receiving, besides
her daughters, Mrs. Louis Glass, Mrs.
Willard Wayman, Mrs. Gustavus
Browne. Mrs. Oscar Beatty, Mrs. George
Cameron. Mrs. William Taylor, Mrs.
John Clarke, Mrs. Thomas Darragh,
Mrs. Thomas Pierce. Miss Perkins, Miss
Alice Sprague. Miss Belknap. Miss
Louise Howland, Miss Alice Wilklns,
Miss Maye Colburn, Miss Mau and Miss
Jear.ette Hooper.
It was interesting to note that the
five bridesmaids who attended Miss
Grace Sabin, now Mrs. Redmond Payne,
were among those receiving.
Y • • •
Mrs. William Irwin's luncheon, post
poned from Tuesday on account of the
Cardan wedding, was held yesterday.
It was a delightful affair. The house
was artistically decorated with yellow
chrysanthemums and violets. Those
present were Mrs. Timothy Hopkins,
Mrs. Bowie-Deitrick. Mrs. Harry Men
del!, Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, Mrs. Wil
liam S. Tevis. Mrs. R. Schwerin. Mrs.
Russell Wilson. Mrs. Mountford Wilson,
Mrs. Joseph Crockett, Mrs. Ansel Eas
ton. Howard Colt. Mrs. Gordon
Blandir.gr. Mrs. Walter Dean, Mrs. Louis
Parrott, Mrs. Robert Oxnard and Mrs.
Fred Zeile.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sullivan gave an
elaborate tea yesterday afternoon, at
which their dauphter. Miss Alys Phelan
Sullivan, made her formal debut.
Those assisting Mrs. Sullivan in re
ceiving were Miss Phelan, Miss Ada
Sullivan. Miss Florence Mullen, Miss
Margaret Mee, Miss Frances McKin
rtry. Miss Eugenie Peyton. Miss Bri
Conroy, Miss Florence Callaghan and
Miss Helen Pettigrew.
'The Suliivan home was prettily deco
rated with chrysanthemums and fo- 1
liage. The reception room was attrac- ;
tively set off by yellow chrysanth?- ;
mums and the dining-room was abloom i
with American Beauty roses. -,
• • •
Mrs. Howard Morrow gave a pretty ,
luncheon yesterday afternoon at her j
home, on Leavenworth and Fine streets. ;
in honor of Miss Carolyn Ayers. one ;
of the season's most charming brides- ¦
elect. The luncheon room was one
mass of pink carnations, the table being <
most artistically decorated with a pink
effect. The guests, 'besides the hostess |
and guest of honor, were Mrs. Paul j
Bancroft. Mrs. Alfred Baker Spalding, !
Mrs. Morton Gibbons, Miss May Ayers, j
Mrs. Muscoe Garnett, Miss Lucle King, ;
Miss Gertrude Bates and Miss Edna <
Dickins.
One Appears Before Senate Committee on Military Affairs
as Avenger of Rathbone. and 'the. Other. Pleads Rights
of Army Veterans Less Fortunate Than Former Surgeon
FEDERATED LABOR
TAKES NEW TACK
WOMAN ANSWERS
MURDER CHARGE
END OF STRIKE
NOT IN SIGHT
MANY GUESTS
ARE PRESENT AT
THE SABIN TEA
HANNA AND TELLER OPPOSE
GENERAL WOOD'S PROMOTION
SEEKS DEATH
IN A CEMETERY
THE SAN FBANC1SCQ CALL, FRIDAY, NOYEMBER 20, 1903.
RAPIDLY PROMOTED ARMY
OFFICER AXD OTs'E OF HIS
BITTER FOES.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG
Prevents Many People From Trying
a Good Medicine.
Stomach troubles art- so common and
in most cases so obstinate to cure that
people are & D t to lnck with suspicion
on any remedy claiming to be a radical
permanent cure for dyspepsia and indi-
gestion. Many such pride themselves
on their acuteness in never being hum-
bugged, especially in medicines.
This fear of being humbu-ged can be
carried too far. so far, in fact, that
many people suffer for years with weak
digestion rather than risk a little time
and money In faithfully testing the
claims made of a preparation so relia-
ble and universally used as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one important re-
spect from ordinary proprietary medi-
cines for the reason that they are not
a secret patent medicine: no secret is
made of their Ingredients, but analysis
sbows thrm to contain the natural di-
fcestive ferments, pure aseptic, pepsin
the digestive acida, Golden Seal, btel
muth, hydrastis and nux. They are not
cathartic, neither do they act power-
fully on any organ, but they cure indi-
gestion on the common sense plan of
digesting the food eaten thoroughly be-
fore It has time to ferment, sour and
cause the mischief. This Is the only
secret of their success.
Cathartic pills never have and never
can cure Indigestion and stomach
troubles because they act entirely on
the bowels, whereas the whole trouble
Is really in the stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken
after meals digest the food. That is all
there is to it Food nut digested or half
digested Is poison, as It creates gas,
acidity, headaches, palpitation of the
heart, loss of flesh and appetite and
many other troubles which are ofttn
called by seme other name.
They are sold by druggists every-
where at 50 cents per package.
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men
MORAION BISHOP'S PILLd
have been In use over titty
years by the' leaden of tho
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cur« ta«
worst cases In old and youn<
arising from effects of sell-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette imoklnc Cur* Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. In«om-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnes* to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, emm Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner **J Mm vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are Immediate. Impart
vigor and potencj*- c ™ ' s to every function.
Don't ret despondent, a cure Is at hand. R«-
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box: « for
(2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to curs or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fre«.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st.
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third «t.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
OF ANATOMY^
\ Qr T he Lanrest Aaatoaical Mtuevm ia ibe \
A _jj\ji_ World. Weakaenc* or lay ceamcted J
1. ?55 S« di*e»ie p*alll«ely c «r*4n 7 the oldcit f
O /SSI s P«a* !i " oat! >eCout. Est.3« T eir», Q
A dfff A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f fVSfftB Con«ult»tion free tnd Mrictly printe. \
0 0 i*1St R T.-»«nB«in perioo»iljr or by letter. A §
T S y CJ w Pa*i t>»« Cur* ia cr«ry cata undertakes. \
6 P ff We WHt* for Book. PSao^ornT mt A
¥ • 1 II* HAMBlIAfiE. -MAILED **&*. (xf
1 q IL nhaable book for mm) \
¥ DC JOCDl.X A CO. 1041 Market St. 9. F. 9
Es BvlrJ m- vSora n ¦¦& ill P*- "
1 B| il »j m en bYrJI
Wl^^ llVT^ SBBl B^IBB^BBl^BBB^BBBBS* B BB>BBBSB^BBBBBB^^BBBBaBBBBBBBBBB^BBBBBBl
ElERCfS
l$L*m& FAVORITE
pESCRSPTION
H FOR WEAK WOMEN.THREE DISTINGUISHED MEMBERS OF THE CLERGY WHO WERE
THE PRINCIPAL SPEAKERS AT THE MASS-MEETING HELD IN
THE ALHAMBRA THEATER LAST NIGHT.
Charles Meidrick was acquitted by a
jury in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday
of a charge of burglary. He was de
fended by Attorney Archie Campbell.
He was accused- of breaking open the
telephone box In James P. Dunne &
Co.'s saloon, Stockton and Ellis streets,
on ~May 30.
Acquitted on Burglary Charge.
tion Adjourns After Two Days'
Conference.
California Woman Suffrage Associa-
After two days' deliberation the Cali
fornia Woman's Suffrage Association ad
journed yesterday afternoon. The day's
sessions were held in Golden Gate Hall
and were well attended." Papers of the
highest excellence were read In the aft
ernoon, and the morning's deliberations
were devoted to adopting amendments to
the constitution, hearing the reports o'f
the «redentials committee and the elec
tion of officers.
The election was conducted, with exec
utive ability and business-like methods,
and resulted as follows: *s
Mrs. Ellen C. Sargent remains hono
rary president; Mrs. Austin Sperry, pren
iderit; Mrs. Hatti'e J. D. Chapman, first
vice president; Mrs. Annie, L. Corbett,
second vice president; Mrs. Anna K. Bid
well, third vice president; Dr. Minpra
Klbbe, recording secretary; Miss Carrie
A. Whelan, corresponding secretary;
Miss Clara M. Schlingheyde, treasurer;
Mrs. Theresa S. Speddy, auditor, • and
Mrs. Park, second auditor.
Shriners' Pilgrimage.
About 150 nobles. of Islam Temple of
the Mystic Shriners will leave this city
for Stockton for the purpose of devel
oping the mysteries of the order to a
class of forty novitiates. Governor
Pardee, Lieutenant Governor Anderson
and "Uncle" George Bromley will join
the pilgrims. The. visitors will be re
ceived by a committee ! composed of
Cleves A. Farnsworth, Orrin S. Hen
derson, Charles Fontana, J. Jerome
Smith and E. C. Smith. On the day
following the session the visitors will
go on an excursion up the San Joaquln
River and will be taken. to the Model
dairy farm. Governor Pardee and Pres
ident Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
State University will be the special
guests on that occasion. On November
25 the members of Islam 'Temple will
give a ball. in- Native'Sons' Hall. , :. '
Snes for Renewal of Judgment
K. JL Reid filed suit yesterday for a
renewal. of judgraent for, $ 250/ which he
secured in the Justice's court five years
ago against F. Oberg, which judgment
has never been satisfied. Under the law
a plaintiff has the right to re-sue for a
judgment within five years from the date
when an appeal may be taken. Reid was
just in time, as he filed the stilt on the
very day of the expiration of the 'time
limit.
The : gas , range -works equally- well In
wet or dry weather. A gaa heater is
cood on a wet day. We fill telephone or
ders. San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 415 Post street. *
Detective Graham, who was detailed
on the case of Emanuel Cerf, . an ex
preseman, who said he was hit with
a brick and robbed byvtwo men while
entering his -barn at 109 Eleventh street
on Wednesday evening, has discovered
that the man who assaulted Cerf was
Jerry Williams, who is well known to
Cerf. Graham reports that Cerf was
not hit with a brick, but received his
injuries by falling. He is searching for
Williams. . ,,*,;:: ;^-
Cerf' 3 Assailant Is Known.
TERMINATE SESSION WITH
ELECTION OF OFFICERS
Whereas, This council has learned from
the daily newspapers that one Patrick
Henry Scullin of Local 338 of the Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners of
America has cortfe to this ¦ city, notably
in the interest of a measure providing for
compulsory "arbitration of all labor
troubles; and .
"Whereas, We believe such a measure
to be vicious, demoralizing: and detri
mental to the cause of organized labor;
and
Whereas, We have gained reliable in
formation that for reason3 given us said
Patrick Henry Scullin 13 . a mart whose
motive In this matter Is very question
able: therefore, be it
Resolved. That we, the members of the
District Council of Painters of San Fran
cisco, Cal., in regular session assembled,
hereby declare that we are strongly and
unalterably opposed to such a law as ad
vocated by the said Patrick Henry Scul
lin; and "be it further * '. •
Resolved, That we Instruct our law
and legislative committee to use all hon
orable means to prevent the passage of
such a measure; and be it further
Resolved, That we warn all organized
labor' bodies from giving any support, pe
cuniary or otherwise," to the said Patrick
Henry Scullin or his measure; and be It
further
Keaolved. That, copies of these resolu
tions be furnished the Building Trades
Council and the daily press. -
Signed by Robert Laurtn, E. 0- Brun
dage, R. W. Hause, W. A. Jenkins. J. F.
Boone, H. P. Badgley, E. F. Field.
The District Council of Painters does
not appreciate the motives that have
brought P. H. Scullin. from Seattle to
this city and has adopted the follow
ing resolutions relative to the matter:
Denounce Efforts of Scullin to Es
tablish. Compulsory Arbitration.
PAINTERS PROTEST.
Approves Employment of Asiatics.
LONDON, Nov. 20.— The Times this
morning says it Is understood that the
report of the Labor Commission, which
has just been signed at Johannesburg,
approves the employment of Asiatics.
ment made its presence felt and neces
sitated an adjournment.
"It is a fact." he said, "that the
wages of the American workingmen
are the. highest in the world, and I
would like to see them higher; but I
don't believe it possible for labor to de
termine on an absolute schedule of
wages. . I believe . in the largest possi
ble return for a' man's toil;' but, ladles
and /gentlemen, I don't believe, at least
in these latter years, the strike has been
an instrument either for the elevation
or advancement of j the worklngman. I
believe that the strike Has simply, been
an exhibition of strength.'';' ; .
Rabbi . Voorsanger. offered , as ; a sug
gestion that the subject of arbitration
be ' discussed each ": month by • men 'i of
ability, and in time the people might
be educated up to.* the necessity of set
tling "labor "differences by arbitration,
and : not by. strikes. , : .
At -the .conclusion . of Rabbi r Voorsan
ger's speech : the chairman: stated -• that
Mr. Scullin would explain his * arbitra
tion plan, ; and then" the disorderly ele-
RABBI VOOBSANGER.
Rabbi Voorsanger epoKe with the
earnestness that convinces an impartial
auditory. While disclaiming a deep
knowledge of. political economy, some
of his sentiments were littered with an
eloquence that bespoke more than ordi
nary study of the question under dis
cussion. He said;
-'I have never had any occasion to dis
cuss publicly the important problems
that seem to interest you to-night, but
that does hot mean that I have not paid
some attention to them. I believe that
the subject difecussed to-night Is the
most important one that can engage the
attention of the citizens of these United
States. I believe there is nothing: more
important. I believe that the peace of
the commonwealth depends upon the suc
cessful solution of the problem. 'I am
here not to speak in favor of this or
that— not to oppose one side or favor the
other. I am simply here as a citizen to
Join with all others who believe that the
main thing in. a. community, is not the
success of labor or the victory of capital,
but the peace of the community.
The speaker recalled when the first
trades union was established in his na
tive city, Amsterdam, thirty-five years
ago. He said his father was a labor
ing man and a member of the union.
He told ; how the union . succeeded in
quadrupling the wages, and that in
two years it raised the . schedule of
wages four times. The fifth time, he
said; the Beers Diamond . Syndicate of
Africa closed down and 10.0C0 diamond
polishers were reduced \o beggary.
< LABOR'S BIGHTS.
We need some one In power to go to
the bottom of these things. tThe labor
ing: man has reached the point in his or
ganization where he knows the feeling: of
power. "Now he needs to come to the
point where he learns and is able to use
the power of self-control.
had it in their own hands and the em
ployers could not do anything. So, in
Chicago during the hot days the deaths
of infants increased from 125 to 175 in
the thousand. And whose babies' were
dying? Not the capitalists; not the em
ployers on a large scale — they were not
suffering, because they were at cool wa
tering places, in shady nooks in the
country. No. friends, the babies that
were dying -were children of the work
ingmen. The Milkmen's Union had
stabbed to the hearts the interests jat
their dearest friends. Now, if there had
been a commission of the kind we are
discussing, and it had been called upon,
the matter would have been sifted to the
bottom and these things would not have
happened. ...
. At the . conclusion of Archbishop
Montgomery's a'ddress the Rev. Dr.
Adams was introduced. .-He assured his
auditors ; , that l\e: was a laboring man,
and then he discussed the conditions of
the laboring, man -from the beginning
of the Christian era, tracing their pro
gress through the intervening centuries
and' telling of their progress and - the
betterment of their condition. He said
they were ambitious « to* have the good
things of life, and all . they asked ; was
an equal division. Speaking about capi
tal, and . labor. : he; said : -\ ¦; , V .- ; : : y
You cannot hurt : capital without hurt
: Ing , labor. < You ; cannot ; pinch ; capital
without pinching labor. : .The. < moment
you; hurt .the capitalist so he .will with
draw > his • money . and the man who tolls
with . his hands Is : affected. The Milk
drivers' Union of Chicago decided they
would deliver milk butonce a day. - They
THE BE V. s DR. ADAMS.
I don't believe in, compulsory arbitra
tion; I am told by attorneys that com
puls6ry arbitration could'nevcr work be
cause it is contrary to our, constitution.
I am not a constitutional lawyer, but 1
am just' such? a lover of this country as
to .say. that ;we do not. have ; to" resort to
a violation- /of the constitution to bring
about. ; a' settlement of our troubles by
arbitration. ¦.
Affchblshop 'Montgomery paid a high
tribute to the board of arbitration ap
pointed by President .Roosevelt. -He
read /a portion of. the report of the
board in the settlement of the coal
strike, and said if the newspapers of
the country .would . print a portion . of
it, at the top of their columns the year
round strikes would never occur. r . -
I came here to-night to speak on one
point. I am not here to discuss the dif
ference between capital and labor. I
was invited to speak in behalf of indus
trial peace, to be brought about through
arbitration. It is to this thought I directed
what little time I have had. I feel that
arbitration is advisory. It may not be
the principle that will finally and ulti
mately settle tho relations between labor
and capital, but is the best that is seen
at the present time, and, consequently. It
is advisable, and I believe in every- in
stance it is humane and patriotic to ad
vise people to arbitrate their differences.
The three parties to a strike are em
ployers, employes and the public. The
employer and the employe must remem
ber that this third party— the public at
large, whether It be great or small, State
or nation— that third party pays every
cent that goes Into the finances of em
ployer and- employe/ Take this city for
an example. Here we have a system of
railroads which are owned by one com
pany, employing two or three thousand
men. The, public pays for the operation
of these roads and has given franchises
on condition that the public shall receive
uninterrupted service.
..WITHIN THE LAW.
When the chairman Introduced Arch
bishop Montgomery the distinguished
prelate was greeted with a hearty
round of handclaps. He said:
ARCHBISHOP MONTGOMERY.
The speaker then showed conclusive
ly that strikes are bad for all parties
concerned. He showed that by arbitra
tion strikes can be avoided, and proved
that Carpenters' Union No. 131 in Seat
tle had gained many concessions with
out going out on strike. He argued
that the contending parties should not
hide themselves behind closed doors,
but come out into the open and argue
their differences upon a common plat
form.
ure is not compulsory. It is absolutely
voluntary and if established to-morrow
neither side need abide by the decision of
the arbitration board. . .
In an opinion rendered yesterday the
Attorney General states that while there
seems to be a lack of any express direc
tion as to the purposes for which the
library fund may be expended, yet the
statutory powers and duties of the
board of trustees and of the librarian
may be looked to In order to ascertain
the purposes for which the fund may
be disbursed, and the conclusion - la
reached that such powers and duties can
not be so construed as to authorize the
board to lawfully expend the moneys of
the State Library fund for the purposes
set forth.
Mr. J. L. Gillls. state librarian. In a
communication to Attorney Gereral U. S
Webb, states that the board of trustees
of the State Library contemplate the con
struction of an additional room in the
Capitol at Sacramento to accommodate
the growth of the library, and that they
also contemplate laying cork carpet and
hardwood floors, putting in a revolving
door, an elevator, and installing a heating
system and an electric light system, at
an aggregate co« of $10,000. and the trus
tees ask the Attorney General if they
have the authority to expend the moneys
of the State Library fund for these pur
poses. --- .c-<
Officials Are Powerless to Spend
Money on Alterations of the
Building.
STATE LIBRARY TRUSTEES
CANNOT MAKE IMPROVEMENTS
James Whearty, 43 South Park, re
ported to the police yesterday that a
case of spool cotton, valued at $35, had
been stolen from the sidewalk in front
of the Spool .Cotton Company's prem
ises at SO Pine street. It Is suspected
that a teamster had, while passing,
lifted it from the sidewalk and placed
it in his wagon.
Steal Case of Spool Cotton.
NEW YORK, Nov. 19.— The following
Californians have arrived in New York:
From San Francisco— C. H Gray, at
the Manhattan: H. D. Scribner, at' the
Murray Hill; F. Kariger, at the Union
Square.; W. W. McCormick and wife,
at the Grand Union; L Bisslnger, at
the Xew York: C. S.Fish, at the Vic
toria; M. H. Hecht and wife and the
Misses Hecht, at the Netherland; Mrs.
F. M. Lindstrom, at the Grand Union;
M. F. Malossos, at the Belvedere. From
Oakland— H. W. McComas, at the
Ketherland. From Los Angeles— Mrs.
E. Babrut, at the Navarre.
Californians in New York.
John Hays Hammond, consulting engi
neer of the Guggenheim Exploration
Company; A. Chester Beatty, expert
for,, the same concern, and John W.
Brock of Philadelphia, president of the
Tbnopah Mining Company,.. who have
teen looking over a dredging property
near Oroville, arrived at the Palace
yesterday.'
Dr. Robert T. Legg of McCloud Is at
the Grand.
M. S. Arndt, a merchant of Stockton,
is at the California.
W. W. Curtis, a lumber man of Port
land, is at the Occidental.
Thomas Duncan, proprietor of a hotel
at Modesto, Is at the Occidental.
E. P. Dunn, proprietor of a hotel at
Santa Barbara, is at the Palace.
Dr. And . Mrs. J. W. Robertson- of
Livermore are at the California,
J. Craig of Woodland, proprietor of
Highland Springs, is at the Grand.
Former Congressman W. S. Woods
is down from Stockton and registered
at the Lick. -
Frank M. McCandless and Seth W.
Geer, timber men of Tacoma, are at
the Occidental.
John' J. Byrne,, general passenger
agent of the Santa Fe road, is up from
Los AngeJles a'nd registered at the Pal
ace.
B. Densham, a retired tea merchant
of London, is at the Palace. He is on
his way to Los Angeles to visit his
Bpn. • . •
F. Pearne, agent for the Pacific Mail
Flcaniship Company in Panama, ar
rived from the south yesterday and- is
at the Palace.
Dr. Goodfellow, former chief surgeon
of the Santa Fe Railroad, and wife re
turnied from the East yesterday and are
registered at the Palace.
Sir Andrew Armstrong, the British
C -* manufacturer, arrived yesterday
at the Palace and departed in the
afternoon on the steamship Sonoma for
Australia,
C. B. Shaver, a lumber man of
Fresno, and F. A. Boole, who is exten
sively interested in timber lands In
Michigan, arrived from the south yes
terday and registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL' HENTION.
Dr. T. It. Helntz of Redding is at the
Lick.
I want to show you that . unions ar©
good for the honest employer and the
honest business man. » They destroy cut
throat competition. - Unfortunately, 1 ,. we
have a class, qf employers who put in
estimates for work to be done at such
low figures that they have nothing to de
pend upon for a profit bu the. amount or
money they can filch. from labor, and/ as
a consequence, . they hire men at reduced
rates. In any country where the wages
are low you will find that it Is the worst
place for capitalists to invest: their
money. It stands to reason that where
wages are high the worklngmen rise - to
a higher standard and it puts more
money -Into, circulation. • t ¦¦ . .: •.-..)
I am a • believer * in high wages. I am
for ; th« ' lifting: up • of the masses, ' but ?i
am not a believer In advancing » one
branch of -¦ Industry at the expense ' of
another. I want to say here that my xneas-
Tq inculcate a feeling of mutual're
spect between the employers and the
employed was the common effort of the
three clergymen. They were given or
derly hearing by the folks who were
apparently there to create disorder, and
by the men and women who were seek
ing enlightenment solely their most
telling points were warmly applauded.
Byron Mauzy presided and- introduced
Mr. Scullin, who Baid: .
A PLAIN TALK.
But the people who were there to
hear the advertised speakers — and most
of those people showed their disap
proval of the interruption by leaving
the theater when the turbulence began
¦^¦received ample reward for their at
tendance. They applauded ' Mr?"Scul
lin's manly avowal'of his unprejudiced
attitude and his declaration' that he
was not a champion of compulsory ar
bitration, but favored the establishment
in this city of a board of investigation,
which should probe : the question at
Issue and' discover just what conces
sions could be made by each disputant;
so that 'the public— the third party af-.
f ected by every strike^coiild determine
where its sympathy'and support should
go. ; .
It was Mr. Scullin's purpose to ex
plain his- proposed system of arbitra
tion, but he was prevented doing so by
the unruly conduct of a number of So
cialists, who insisted on having one
of their own speakers take the platform
and in other ways displayed such an
obstructive spirit that the chairman,
to maintain the principle of peace, that
the meeting was called to promote, or
dered an adjournment. Another meet
ing will be called, and it !s needless
to say that measures will be taken to
prevent a repetition of the disturbance
that marred the proceedings last night.
Arbitration of Industrial disputes was
eloquently and exhaustively advocated
last evening at the Alhambra Theater,
among the speakers being such prom
inent humanitarians and students of
sociology as Archbishop Montgomery,
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger and the Rev.
Dr. George C. Adams. The audience
was small, but that fact did not deter
the orators from talking as fervently
as If the house had been crowded. The
spirit that possessed the speakers. was
fairly expressed by Archibshop Mont
gomery when, after thanking those who
had braved the storm to be there, he
said that' their attendance was evi
dence of their interest in the question
unfter discussion, and he' would rather
talk to an earnest dozen than a listless
thousand. •
; The meeting had been called by.? a
committee^of local lovers of peace, con
sisting of Fairfax H. Whelan, Judge S.
C. Denson", Byron Mauzy.'and R. B.
Hale, to enable P. H. Scullin of Seattle
to explain a measure which he had
built of the best features * of the
eighteen arbitration statutes enacted
by as many States of the Union! Mr.
Scullin has been a trades unionist and
an employer of, trades union, men for
thirty-five years, and he holds,testimo
nials from organized bodies of both
Bides of the capital versus labor contro
versy. He has been sent out by the
Carpenters' Union of Seattle to promul
gate the i policy, by which that union
has managed to obtain the highest pre
vailing rate of wages without striking
and without affiliating with any other
labor organization. In addition to do-
Ing all that, the Carpenters' Union of
Seattle has provided itself with a hall
which cost $20,000, every cent of which
has been paid.
AN TJNBTJLY FEW.
Miss Grace Freeman gave a violin
recital last evening at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium. Ow
ing to the stormy night the musicale
\vas poorly attended, but those who did
brave the weather heard one of the
best recitals ever elven in this city.
MIfs Freeman is an artist on the violin,
end was well accompanied by Henry
Ealz, who Is an apt accompanist.
Mrs. F. A. Berlin, who has a very
grood soprano voice, sang several .song's
which were greatly appreciated.
-The programme ,was as follows:
J>3war<J Griep, piano ar.d violin sonata in
'C iplnor op 45 — &H**to molto ed appassion
ato a',l*sreuo cxpr*>s»lvo alia romanza, alle
gro anirr-ato: Gaetatio Brara. fa) Reginnella;
Anton Dvorak <b> Songs Sly l»othrr Taught
Me: Johannrs Drahmn. ic) O. Fair ChwJcs of
KofUs; Sebastian Hax-h. pivlude and fug-ue for
vlo'.in Elono: Max Uruch, concerto tn Q minor —
aUesrro mojerato. adagio, allegro onejceico;
PeU'Aequa. Chanson Provencals; Giovanni
Pgambatt. ta) Ilcwr.anza; Pablo Sarasate. <t>)
Epknlfh Dances.
Miss' Freeman and Mrs. Berlin re-"
ceived great quantities of flowers, and
et the conclusion of the programme
were si craned with applause for en
cotes. '^ >
Hiss Grace Freeiaan Creates Sensa
tion at Recital Given by Her at
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.
VIOLINIST CALLS FORTH
STORM OF APPLAUSE
Thfe following box factories have been
declared unfair by the Labor Council,
and all union hands eiriployed have
walked out: Wempe Bros. Box Com
pany, Waizman & Thlebaut Box Com
pany, Western Box Company, . Enter
prise Box Company, Pacific Box Com
pany, Pioneer Box Company and Gold
en Gate Box Company. The only fac
tory granting the demands Is the Union
Box Company, 577 Mission street..
The long drawn out conference be r
tween the cattle butchers and the cat
tle owners may be settled soon. The
men have issued a circular to the em
ployers stating their terms, and It is
expected the existing differences will
soon be settled. The Butchers' Union
has donated another $100 toward the
striking butchers in Los Angeles.
The members of the Elevator Oper
ators' Union have presented their pres
ident, J. W. Murphy, with a handsome
gold watch as a wedding present.
STRIKE IN BOX FACTORIES.
Vice president. W. J. Goldkuhl; record
ing secretary, William Stanton and F. G.
Snallenberger; secretary treasurer.
James I£. Bowling, conductor, J. C.
Ayers; sentinel, Charles Ottersen; war
den, J. Corgrona; executive board — Cas
tro-street ¦ line, W. Chapman; Valencia
street, line, L. Peterson; Mission-street
carhouse (two to be elected), G. W.
Lane, P. Lynch. T. Winslow, J. W.
Brooks; San Mateo carhouse (two to be
elected). William Fitzpatrick. G. Mitch
ell, F. W. 'Clapp, W. R. Bell. J. A. Hick
ey; Kentucky-street carhouse (two to be
elected), Wt Tanner. J. Hawke, C. C.
Herne, G. U. Jane, S. Quinn; Twenty
fourth and Utah streets carhouse (two
to be elected), William Ewing, W. J.
McCarthy, F. Neilson, O. W. Clancy;
Haight-street carhouse (one to be elect
ed). M. J. Stokes. F. Collins, J. Ryan;
Hayes-street carhouse, S. Prout; McAl
lister-street carhouse, W. G. KIdwell;
Market-street power-house, C. Mitchell;
track department. W. J. McLeon; Fill
more-street carhouse (two to be elected),
W. S. Shafer, J. C. Rector. T. L. Leach.
F. Swan; Oak and Broderick streets car
house (two to be elected), T. Doran, T.
Murray; Geary-str«et carhouse (two to
be elected), J.' McKenn.i. B. Halverseh;
California and Hyde streets carhouse
(two to be elected), M. -O'Connor, J. Mil
ward; Union-street carhouse (one to be
elected). H. Molt. H. Elkins, J. Grogginfl.
A. Brlgrgs, J. Sanderup; Powell and
Jackson streets carhouse (two to be elect
ed). C. H. Blair, R. Dower; Sutter-street
carhouse (two to be elected). W. J. Cllft,
Robert H. Keyes; Polk and Sutter streets
carhouse (two to be elected), W. S. Neil,
F. Hardy; Sutro carhouse (one to , be
elected), G. Knauft. W. C. Lefflngwell.
Delegates to the San Francisco Labor
Council (eight to be elected) — J. N. Co
pus and C. Sutherland. Kentucky-street
carhouse; F. R. Whitney and W. G. Bur
ton, Sutro line; A. L. Burroughs. Hyde
street; E. J. Kerwin, Polk and Larkin;
W. R. Bel!, J. O. Jones and G. Mitchell.
San Mateo; T. W. Taylor. Oak and' Brod
erick streets; C. Eisenstein, Mission
street; W. S. Shafer. FilUnore street; C.
Dahmel. McAllister "street.
CABMEN'S UNION OFFICERS. .
The Carmen's Union held a meeting
yesterday and made nominations for
officers to be elected for the ensuing
year. Richard Cornelius, the present
head of the union, was nominated fQr
another term. The other nominations
are as follows:
• The- Painters' Union: has decided to
ask the various employers of painters
throughout the city for. an increase of
wages on March 1, 1904. The painters
at the present time receive $3 50 for an
eight-hour day, but they. will demand
$4 on and after March 1.
. It was' voted to wait until March in
order to give the various contractors a
chance. to. complete the .work they have
on. hand. The painters have five differ
ent local organizations, and are reputed
to be among the Strongest of the city's
labor organizations.
The motive for the deed, whether sui
cide or murder, is not known, but will
rflrobably be disclosed at the Coroner's
Investigation: Friends of Saunders dis
credit the suicide theory, for the reason
that the deceased was never known to
carry a firearm and also because either
of the two wounds would have, proved
fatal.
rfeaunders is survived by n. wife and
eifcht children.
Bped&l Jy.t patch to The Call.
OREGON CITY, NovV 19.— I* B.
Saiinders, a local hoy buyer, was found
dead on the street at Buttevllle about
7 o'clock' this morning with two bullet
holes In his breast, 'a' re velvet, was
f outod about two feet of the body, which
was lying on the sidewalk in front of
the residence ofR. V. Pafrott: . "
Saunders was the local' agent at
Buttevllle for Lilienthal & Co., well
known hop merchants of New York,
and had spent the evening playing
cards. ' lie started home late in the
morning. " A number of perrons heard
pistol shots In the early morning hours.
At the prison Mrs. M. Condon, ma
tron, took charge of the women and
children, fed them and provided ac
commodations for them. They said
they had 'comb to this city from Peo
ria, 111., a little more than four weeks
ago. At the time of their departure
they had $450/ Upon arriving in this
city less than half of the amount had
been spent. Hall says he took apart
ments with Mrs. Jane Grant at 415
Hayes street and paid $2(T rent for two
rooms. Before the month was up the
landlady made complaint about the
children, also about the use of flour
and wood by her tenants, and on
Tuesday they left. There was $5 due
Mrs. Grant, and Hall says he sold the
woman a pair of blankets for 51 50 and
that $3 50 is still due her. His trunks,
he says, were held as security. Tues
day and Wednesday nights were spent
In some lodging-house, the location of
which Hall says he does not remem
ber. He claims to have spent the last
of his money about one week ago and
says he was obliged to pawn his wife's
coat, a razor and a ring to secuVe suf
ficient money to pay for the lodgings
for the two nights. Hall, who is but
22 years of age, says that he has striv
en faithfully to secure employment
since he arrived here, but has been un
able to do so. As an explanation for
the disappearance of the money he
claims to have had when he left Il
linois, he says that it was spent for
the purchase of food and clothing.
Mrs. Grant says that Hall, his wife
and two-year-old son, Mrs. Severens,
her child and a man who purported to
be.. her husband came to the house
three weeks ago and engaged two
rooms. She says they were objection
able .tenants, continually drinking and
quarreling, and that after one of the
quarrels Mrs. Severens' husband left
and since has been working in a can
nery. On one occasion he, returned and
another fight ensued. When the party
gave up the apartments, she said, the
rooms were strewn with .beer and
whisky bottles. She says she did not
put the, people out and that they can
have their trunks when they call for
them. All claim to have relatives in
Peorlh.IIL.-. -" ,_,., - v ._ ....... v .
After spending nearly $500 in four
weeks. Earl Clarence Hall, his wife and
baby and Mrs. Bertha Severens and
her -four-year-old daughter sought
shelter from the rain under the trees
of Jefferson square last night. The
man, women and x children were found
by a passing policeman and' taken to
the city" prison, where they told, a tale
of penury- and hunger.
The trial was commenced about a
week ago and the evidence introduced
was of a positive nature and there
were no extenuating circumstances in
the defendant's favor. District Attor
ney Byington, who conducted the pros
ecution, was much disappointed with
the verdict and says he cannot under
stand on what ground the leniency
was. shown, except that it be out of
sympathy for Nihlll's mother and sis
ters, ..who. remained with him In the
courtroom while the case was belng^
heard. He will be sentenced next Sat
urday.. ''• ... ... ¦'.'-:
The crime for which Nlhlll is to
spend the remainder of his days behind
prison avails was a heartless one. On
April 21 of the present year he shot his
girl victim down in a grocery at tha
corner of Russ and Howard streets,
because she would not forsake her
home and return with him to a life of
evil. Nihill and his victim had lived
together some time before the affair.
Finally the woman concluded to walk
the straight and narrow path, married
and settled down. One child was born
to her and life with her husband was
one of contentment. On the day of
the murder she met Nihill and Jie
pleaded with her to abandon her child
and husband and go with him.
Mrs. Baker refused and requested
Nihill to leave her in peace. Instead,
Nihill followed the woman to a gro
cery, turned a revolver upon her and
killed her almost instantly. He then
placed the weapon against his own
head, but the bullet did little harm and
he came out of the hospital in a short
time.
The names of the Jurymen who ren
dered the verdict are: James O'Con
nor, foreman; James "Walsh. M. J.
Vaughn, Thomas E. Alaher, J. B. Fitch,
Hugo Judge, Peter N. Butt, AL Lind
heimer, N. D. Cohn, Peter A. Finnegan,
John L. McKinnon and Charles A.
Gawthorne.
"If this man Is guilty of murder In
the first degree," said the court, after
the jury had been polled, "he certainly
deserves to suffer death. If this la not
a case where the death penalty should
be Inflicted, then the statute providing
for such should be repealed.." The
Judge, making no effort to conceal his
displeasure, hastily adjourned court
and left the bench.
The jury In the case of Michael Ni
hill, charged with the murder of Bene
frida Baker on April 21, brought In a
verdict of murder in the first degree
last night and fixed the penalty at life
Imprisonment. Judge Carroll Cook, in
whose court the trial was held, was an
noyed at the verdict and expressed
himself that Nihill should be hanged
for the cold-blooded crime.
Michael Nihill to Suffer Life
Imprisonment for His
Crime.
Friends of the Man Feel
Certain That He Was -
Murdered.
Spend Coin Recklessly and
Are Soon Reduced to
£$£ Poverty.
Many Box Factories ; Are
Declared Unfair by Labpr
Council.
Judge Cook Rebukes
Jury for Not Hanging
a Murderer.
Will L Demand Increase
of 50 Gents Per Day
on March 1.
Hop Buyer Found Dead
on a Street in an
Oregon Town. i
Needy Families Found
Shivering in Jeffer
son Square.
MYSTERY VEILS
THE SHOOTING
TREES OF PARK
EXTEND SHELTER
PAINTERS WANT
HIGHER WAGES
COURT ANNOYED
AT THE VERDICT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
Archbishop George Montgomery, Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger and the
Rev. George C. ''Adams Among the Speakers Who Take the
Platform to Support the Policy That Averts Labor Disputes
ABLE ADVOCATES OF ARBITRATION
SET FORTH CONVINCING ARGUMENTS
6
SEE THE FULL ~ PAGE
PHOTOGRAPHIC
PHANTASY
. IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
BEAUTIFUL v
THANKSGIVING EDITION.;
: ADVERTISEltENTS. ; '^yj~"
Hll § 19^ U ISJ! |§% 4 n< * man y other painful and serious
ItiS I! B lilil B H ments from which most mothers
IPS § § § \a tyi su ff e r, can be avoided by the use of
E&S&iP EL i^S» "Mother's Frfeai." This great remedy
Hx i^ Ei JH til s a G°d* sen( i to women, carrying
"^ ¦ ™ ¦" •" ™ ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses "Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and .„ IBB ¦ B IT" SO. ¦ ***
its weignt in goiuio every n^^^-^JSi^ifc,^
woman, and will be sent free in plain §p|S&} S B 9 SJ3 W%X
envelope by addressing application to Ip Kg? W £§3 BUI If m
Bradficld Regulator Co. Atlanta.Ga. IT 1111 la ill IPALBANY. N. Y.. Nov. 19.— Sheriff E.
A. Smith of/Missouri arrived to-day
with papers of reauisltion for the ex
tradition of William Zeigler of New
York, accused of bribery In the alum
baking powder legislation in Missouri.
Governor Odell is out of the city and
not. expected here- berore Saturday,
v. hen it Is expected he will fix a day
next week for a hearing. '
Officer Arrives for Zeigler.
HONOLULU, Nov. 19.— The Republicans
and Home-rulers who are opposed to ex-
Governor Dole and Secretary Carter, who
have just been United States
District' Judge and Governor of Hawaii
respectively, have been cabling, to .Wash
ington in an effort to secure opposition to
the confirmation- by the Senate of these
appointments.
A report U current that Senator Hanna
has agreed to : oppose 'President Roose
velt's choices.
HAWAIIAN HOME BULEES
EXPECT AID OF HANNA
ST., PETERSBURG, Nov. 19.— A bul
letin signed by Dr. HIrsch, the surgeon
to the Czar, and Dr. Beni was issued
at Skirnlewce, Russian Poland, to-day
as follows:
"The Czarina has been suffering from
inflammation of the right ear during
the past twenty-four hours. There has
been no departure whatever from the
normal course, of the malady. Tem
perature, 37.6 centigrade; pulse, 68."
The reports of the Illness of the Czar
are unfounded. « ,
Surgeons Say That There Has Been
No Departure From Normal Course
in the Malady.
CZARINA SUFFERING FROM
INFEAMMATIOIJ' OF THE EAB
LONDON, Nov. 19.— A Daily Mall dis
patch from Sydney says Professor Hus
sey of Lick Observatory, in California,
who for weeks past has been camping
at Canoblas, near Orange, New South
Wales, has discovered ten new double
stars. He regards this as very im
portant.
The professor, who is visjltlng Aus
tralia in pursuance of the Lick Obser
vatory's scheme to establish a chain of
astronomical stations around the world,
has removed his camp to the Blue
Mountains for the purpose of. making
further observations. He expresses
himself as confident of making more
discoveries.
Special Cablegram to The- Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
France to Appoint Agents.
PARIS, Nov. 19.— The only formality
lacking in the recognition by France
of the republic of Panama is the ap
pointment of diplomatic agents, whteh
will follow here on receipt of the letter
which Bunau-Varilla presented to Jus
serand, the French Embassador to the
United States, in Washington yester
day, by which Panaina officially as
sumes the obligations of Colombia in
regard to the Panama canal.
"I greatly regret that the Empress'
sickness prevents our. coming to Darm
stadt' to stand by the Grand Duke in
his distress on the day of the burial
of the prematurely deceased and dear
ly beloved Princess . Elizabeth. We
sympathize from our .whole hearts with
the population of -Hesse, and pray God
Almighty to vouchsafe all his com
fort."
BERLIN. Nov. 19.— The burial of
Princess Elizabeth, daughter of the
Grand Duke of Hesse, who died on
Monday, took place at Darmstadt to
day.
The former Grand Duchess of Hesse,
Princess Elizabeth's mother, was pres
ent at the funeral, accompanied by her
mother. Princess Marie. Both left
Darmstadt immediately after the fu
neral. The Crown Princess of Rouma
nia also was present.
The attendance of the former Grand
Duchess of Hesse completely surprised
the court circles of Darmstadt. Up to
noon nobody knew that she was com
ing, and it was said that the Grand
Duke of Hesse had carried on lengthy
negotiations by telegraph with a view
of inducing the Grand Duchess to be
present. \*-?N
The Grand Duke headed the proces
sion, marching between Prince Eitel
Fritz, son of the Emperor of Germany,
and Prince Henry of Prussia. Just be
fore the coflln was consigned to the
vault the Grand Duke and his former
wife laid hands thereon in token of a
last farewell.
After the funeral the Grand Duchess,
accompanied by her mother -and sister,
drove directly to the railway station,
while the Grand Duke drove to the pal
ace. The Czar sent the following tele
gram :
»
Former Grand Duchess
of Hesse. Appears
at Darmstadt.
Lick Astronomer Makes
Series of Important
Discoveries.
COURT CIRCLES
GIVEN SURPRISE
HUSSEY LOCATES
TEN HEW STARS
BOGOTA. Tuesday, Nov. 17. — The
Colombian Government will protect the
American legation and American citi
zens here. There Is no fear of a demon
stration against them.
Will Protect American Legation.
PANAMA, Nov. 19.— It now appears
that the relations between the republic
of Panama and the Roman Catholic
church will show no departure from
those which exist between Rome and
the Colombian Government. The Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, Senor Esper
illa, sent a. cable dispatch to-day to
Cardinal Merry del Val, the Papal Sec
retary of State, in which he recited the
fact that the isthmus had declared its
independence; that the Government
was In charge of the junta and that
the new republic had been recognized
New Republic Asks That It Be Rec
ognized by Pope Fius X.
SENDS APPEAL TO VATICAN.
"It is doubtful if it will eventually
redound to the credit of President
Roosevelt and Secretary Hay."
The Pall Mall Gazette says: "Sec
retary Shaw's words that he is 'jealous
of the hour when we shall begin to
shovel dirt,' will be re-echoed by all
who wish to enlarge the area of com
merce."
The St. James Gazette and the Globe
rather criticise the diplomacy by which
the coup d'etat was accomplished. The
Globe says:
The promptness of the Washington
Government action toward Panama is
generally admired by the newspapers.
"It is with this deflnltene?s of ac
tion," said the Evening Standard, "that
political triumphs are secured. Amer
ica knows exactly what she wants, and,
having set about In the right way to
get it, she has it,"
The British Foreign Office has re
plied to the Colombian bondholders' re
quest by assuring them of its interest
in their case, but. not committing the
Government to any specific course of
action.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— The council of
foreign bondholders has received a
communication from Amsterdam say
ing that the Chamber of Commerce
there will request the Government of
The Netherlands not to recognize the
republic of Panama until some arrange
ment Is arrived at whereby the new
republic assumes an equitable share of
the Colombian debt. The majority of
the bonds are held in England and
Holland. 1
Want Panama to Assume Its Share of
Colombia's Debt.
BONDHOLDERS ALARMED.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— The Acting
Secretary of Interior has rendered a de
cision prohibiting the running of hogs
on public lands within the forest reserves.
"The separation of Colombia, which
my Government deplores, presents an
apparently Irremediable situation, In the
presence of which Peru can only ex
press regret at the loss suffered by the
South American republic, with which
it has always tried to maintain the
most fraternal relations."
LIMA. Peru, Nov. 19.— President Can
damo, replying this evening to a cable
message from President Marroquin of
Colombia, said:
But Peru's President Regards Situa
tion as Irremediable.
REGRETS COLOMBIA'S LOSS.
VALLEJO, Nov. 19.— Orders have
been received at the navy-yard to pre
pare immediately a large shipment of
stores to be forwarded to the ships of
the Pacific squadron, now at Panama.
As a result, a number of men in the
store section were obliged to work over
time last night In order to have the
shipment, which comprised stores for
all departments, aboard ship ready to
be taken to San Francisco by the tug
Unadllla to-day. The tug left the yard
shortly after 8 o'clock this morning,
heavily laden. The shipment will be
sent to the Pacific squadron by one of
the Panama steamers.
Large Shipment From Mare Island to
Vessels at Panama.
STORES FOR THE SQUADRON.
"This Is not my advice to you— whom
God has committed to my care — it Is
my 'command,' as God's messenger and
your leader," says the letter, which Is
published in Leaves of Healing.
"Realize by immediate sale the cash
proceeds of all your properties, invest
in securities or Zion land and come
with all your house to Zion City," Is
the command.
The general overseer declares that
the need of capital is not due to a de
pression of the business of the Zion
industries, but because the demand for
Zion products is greater than the pro
ducing power of its pr u sent capital.
CHICAGO, Nov. 19.— John Alexander
Dowie has issued a call for $2,000,000.
The head of the Zion Industries does
not make the call In the form of a re
quest for money or advice to his fol
lowers to take up that amount of ad
ditional stock which he is attempting
to float.
"Elijah" Calls Upor^His Followers to
Sell Their Property and Turn
in Proceeds.
TWO MILLION DOLLARS
DEMANDED BY DOWIE
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19. — Dr.
Thomas Herran, the Colombian Charge,
and Senor Brigard. the Colombian Con
sul-General in New York, are closing
the affairs of the Colombian Legation
here, preparatory to its closure.
Dr. Herran had been practically
Ignored by his Government, which has
refused to answer his cablegrams or
advise him at all regarding the isth
mian situation. If it shall be found
that his cablegrams have been held up
this will be a satisfactory explanation
to Dr. Herran. This is the only pos
sible explanation of the attitude of the
Colombian Government toward its
legation here.
Dr. Herran is appreciative of many
expressions of sympathy which are
reaching him from all sides. If things
take a better turn he will not close his
legation and he sincerely hopes this
will be the case.
His Cablegrams Unanswered by the
Bogota Government
DE. HERRAN IS IGNORED.
PARIS. Nov. 19.— Louis Ferrer, a
prominent Colombian, and a relative of
President Marroquin, has come out
strongly" in favor of Panama. He said,
in the course of an interview to-day,
that it was most desirable that the
departments of Cauca and Antioquia
be incorporated in the new republic,
owing to their long and loyal support
of the canal project agrainpt the oppo
sition of the other departments. Since
Panama was independent it was logical
that Cauca and Antioquia should share
in the benefits of its independence, as
otherwise their position wxmld be un
tenable, since their constant support of
the canal has estranged them from
Colombia. Senor Ferrer urges the con
solidation of Panama, Cauca and An
tioquia into one republic.
Senor Ferrer's two uncles represented
Cauca and Antioquia, respectively, in
the Colombian Senate and lost their
positions owing to their support of the
canal.
PANAMA. Nov. 19.— The Government
ef Panama will not consider any pro
posal from the Colombian departments
of Cauca and Antioquia to Join the
Panama republic. The reasons for such
refusals are clear. Panama would gain
nothing, but. on the contrary, might
become Involved in a troublesome if
not a dangerous war, as Colombia
could attack Cauca and Antioquia by
land.
Louis Ferrer Says Cauca and Antio
quia Should Be Taken In.
WOULD ENLARGE PANAMA.
The republic of Panama 'agrees to se
cure for the United States the lands
and rights that are required in the
towns of Panama and Colon to effect
the Improvements provided for in the
treaty and authorizes the United States
to impose and collect equitable water
rates during fifty years. At the end of
that time the use of the water shall be
free for the Inhabitants of Panama and
Colon except bo far as may be neces
sary for the operation and maintenance
of the water system and auxiliaries.
zone owned by the company shall re
vert to the republic of Panama.
Other important provisions of the
convention are:
by several of the great powers. ,The
Minister especially begged the Papal
secretary to present his respectful salu-.
tation to Pope Pius X and expressed
the wish that the Vatican should recog
nize the Panama republic.
Article V. The republic of Panama
grants to the United States in perpet
uity a monopoly of any system of
communication across its territory by
canal or by railroad.
POETS OPEN TO THE WORLD.
The remaining twenty-one articles of
the treaty deal for the most part with
questions of administration. For ex
ample, article VI declares free for all
time the ports at either entrance of the
car.al. including: Panama and Colon
ard provides that no dues of any kind
shall be imposed by the republic of
Panama upon any vessel using the
eanal or belonging to or employed
by the United States. It provides,
also, that the ports of Panama
and Colon and others leading to
the canal snal! be free to the commerce
of the world, and that no duties shall
be iwposod txcept on merchandise des
tined to be introduced for consumption
Into the republic of Panama and on
vessels which touch at Colon or Pan
ama and do not cross the canal.
. The Panama Government, however. Is
allowed under this article to establish
at these ports such custom-houses and
guards as may be deemed necessary to
collect duties on importations designed
for other parts of the republic To the
United States Is given the right to make
use of the ports at the two extremities
cf the canal as places of anchorage in
order to make repairs, for loading, un
loading, depositing or transhipping
cargoes which are in transit or destined
for service of the canal and other
work*.
INDEMNITIES TO LAND OWNERS.
Article VI further provides that all
damages caused to private land own
ers by inundation or by Uhe deviation
of water courses or in other ways aris
ing t»ut of the construction or operation
of the canal shall be appraised and de
termined by a Joint commission ap
pointed by the Governments of the
United States and the republic of Pan
ama and the United States in turn
agrees to bear the sole cost of the in
demnities granted by said commission.
In another article the republic of
Panama authorizes the new Panama
Canal Company to sell and transfer its
rights and concessions to the United
States, as well as the Panama Railroad
end all or part of the shares of that
company. It Is stipulated, however,
that the property outside the canal
Article IV. The republic of Panama
prams to the United States the use of
all the rivers, streams and waters for
navigation, or so far as is necessary
to the construction of the canal and its
auxiliaries, including purposes of san
itation.
Article III. The republic of Panama
grants to the United States the right
to exercise the same power and au
thority over such lands "as if it were
sovereign" and to the exclusion of such
power by Panama.
Article II. The republic of Panama
cedes to the United States live miles
on each side of the canal and three ma
rine leagues at each terminal and also
any other lands necessary to the con
struction or maintenance of the canal
and its auxiliaries.
Article I. The United States guaran
tees to maintain the independence of
the republic of Panama.
PANAMA'S LIBERAL TERMS.
The first five articles of the Hay-
Bunau-Varilla treaty are to this ef
fect:
From various sources additional in
formation in regard to the terms and
provisions of the treaty has been ob
tained. Under the treaty the United
States guarantees and agrees to main
tain the independence of Panama. It
is said that this clause was inserted
in order to set at rest all questions as
to the recognition of Panama as an in
dependent nation by other govern
ments. The United States undertakes
to construct modern systems of sew
ers and water works for the cities of
Panama and Colon and has the right to
collect tolls for the period of fifty
years in order to repay the cost of con
struction, with interest. At the end of
fifty years the eewers and water works
become the property of Panama and
Colon.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 19.— The Pan
a.T.a commissioners, Dr. Amador and
Frederico Boyd, to-day consulted with
Minister Bunau-Varilla^md Frank D.
Pavcy °* New York, legal adviser to
the legation. It Is said that they read
over the treaty signed yesterday by
Hay and Bunau-Varllla end discussed
its terms and provisions In detail. It
met their hearty approval. The treaty
will be sent to Panama at once for
ratification.
The Commissioners sent a telegram
to the Junta in Panama asking for a
conference to-morrow, but the Panama
Government declined to grant the re
quest. It is expected, however, that a
representative delegation from Panama
will arrive to-morrow to confer with
the Commissioners on board the Can
ada.
COLON, Nov. 19.— Generals Reyes,
Holguin and Ospina, th© Colombian
Peace Commissioners, arrived here at
5 o'clock this afternoon on board the
French steamship Canada. Orders
were issued by Admiral Coghlan that
the Commissioners were not to be al
lowed to come ashore. They were In
vited, however, to make their quarters
on board the gunboat Dixie, but they
refused to do so. _
American marines are guarding the
Canada and Panama troops are guard
ing the wharf at which she lies.
Representatives appointed by the
Government of Panama will* visit the
Colombian Commissioners to-morrow.
There is hardly a probability that any
sort of agreemnt will be reached. *So
far 'as can be learned the commission
has no credentials from the Bogota
Government, and if this is the case
the Commissioners probably will return
on the steamship which brought them.
There was great excitement on the
arrival of the Canada. Hundreds of
persons flocked to the neighborhood of
the wharf, but were prevented reach
ing the vessel by the marines.
-Captain Merriam of the UnlteAStates
auxiliary cruiser Dixie immediately
went aboard the Canada and invited
General Reyes and the other members
of the commission to come aboard the
Dixie, but the General and his com
panions declined the invitation. Ad
miral Coghlan, who had just arrived
from Panama, extended an invitation
to the Commissioners to board the,
Mayflower, but the Admiral's invita
tion also was declined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 O STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— Despite
the opposition of the white citizens of
Florence, S." C, President Roosevelt has
decided to reappolnt Rev. Joshua E.
Wilson, a negro, postmaster at that
place. The cry of negro domination
has been raised by the white inhabi
tants of Florence and t>t*y are demand-
Ing that a white man be named for the
postmastershlp when Wllsorrs term ex
pires next month. The President has
examined into the situation and has de
cided to stand by the present post
master.
Wilson was appointed by President
McKlnley four years ago and has made
a good record, so the • officers of the
Postofflce Department say. He Is pre
siding elder of the South Carolina Con
ference of the Afro-American Metho
dist Episcopal church.
Senator Tillman'rnay attempt to pre
vent the confirmation of Wilson's nomi
nation in the Senate."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Document Will Be
Sent to Panama
at Once.
Marines on Guard
at the Vessel's
Wharf.
Rev. Joshua E. Wilson Will
,. Be Reappointed at
Florence.
Bogota bnvoys Are
Kept on Board
Their Ship.
Amador and Boyd
Approve Canal
Treaty.
BERLIN, Nov. 19. — The Foreign Office here has express
ed entire satisfaction with the rapid progress of Panama
affairs and will congratulate the United States the day
when the first ship crosses the Isthmus, which, the officials say,
cannot come too soon. The German consular authorities im
mediately entered into relations with the de facto Government
of Panama when business required it, without waiting for in
structions from Berlin, and there is every prospect that the Ger
rran Government will recognize Panama formally and without
delay when the request is presented. The German press con
tinues to print the isthmian news prominently and the press ut
terances are singularly free from jealousy of the United States
or critical references to its attitude.
President Refuses to
Heed South Carolina
NEGRO RETAINS
THE POSTOFFICE
AMERICAN ADMIRAL PREVENTS LANDING OF PEACE
COMMISSION SENT BY COLOMBIA TO THE ISTHMUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 2Q. 1903.
7
REMEMBER f fgZ0£
Oft the Exceptional Musical Burlesque.
I RUBES AND ROSES |
Making Tremendous Preparations for
I "/. o. v.» I
Goes on Monday. November 3a
An Original. Novel Burlesque.
Seats Now on Sale. - \ •
Our "All Star" Cast. Including:
KOLB AVD DILL. BARNET BEJCfARD.
W INFIELD BLAKE. MAUDE ' AMBER,
GEORGIA O'RAMET. BEX T. DILLON
I MATINEE ON THANKSGIVING. A -
! I VuU house.
POSITTVELT THE LAST OB* GRAND OPSRA
TO-NIGHT. AND SATURDAY NIGHT.
Bellini' a Romantic Opera,
'M'PURITANl*' ?
SATURDAY MATINEX AXD 8UNDAT
NIGHT. ' *.
Leoncavallo's Greatest Wort.
"ZAZA" ; : ::^^v-
Prices as canal. 23c. 80c. 73e. T»J. Bosh I.
ThiB aftsrnoon, at ¦ 1 liiarp, Qr&dd
Charity Tuad Benefit at tht Columftl*
Tbcat«r. ¦ .*. ¦. ¦ ,..¦•; !_.
I7BBT THBATia MBrMXBZXTtt.
ALCAZAR
General M&nager.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEES SAT." AND SXKt.'
The Club's s?^
—^ 0 . Xmmtnea
. ... oauy.... »>^v
Evgs.. 25c to 73c; Mats.' Sat. ft Sun. 13c to 00c.
Next Monday — First Stock Production of Sol
Smith Russell" s Great Success, -
A POOR RELATION. '
EXTRA MATINEE THANKSOrVINO!
THIS AFTERNOON AT 1 SHARP.
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT AT THE
COLUMBIA THEATER.
EVERY THEATER' REPRESENTED. ¦ -,
fesaS IBB BP^laaa "*'"•
Proprietor*. '
Market st.. Near Elrhth. Phone South '533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE DAYS. _. •
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY,-
The Gorgeous Dramatic Spectacle, .' . ,- '
UNDER THE POLAR STAR
Introducing for the first time In the United
States the Esquimaux * nd Esquimau •. Do*
Train of KoltchofTs Arctic and Alaskan Ex-
hibit en route to St. Louis World's Fair.,
GREATEST ATTRACTION OF THE WEEK.
nnirxC.Erenlnga. • .........••.• • • • 1<>c - to W°
rftltcM Matinees 10c. 13c..26o'
Monday. Nov. 2»-^"Mldnltht In Chlnatawa."
- THIS AFTERNOON, at 1 • »harpV Oran4
Charity Fund. Benefit. at. the CWumbU.TlJ*»«iav
Every theater rejresenttd.
ADVEETISEME3rrS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
Is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a
trial boitle. The genuine bears
my sijjnature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
fO /! /lQ Tf f—^ei.OfriawBt
V(JL q^ggEEr Kew T.rk.
__ V v/VaInsM<» r?ftoU!«-t on (be
»"*r itrratmrnl of (tl§ro»e.t. 1
f RHEUMATISM .:«!Sa
' EeliJ«-». Physical and r!o»ncii» reffer no Ionc«r H
(For information, writ* SAN LUIS HOT SUL-W
(bhur SPRINGS, SAN LUIS OBISPO. CALU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOUSANDS
Of people will testify that Kidney and Bladder
troubles have at last met with a conqueror in
McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Cure. Ona
bottle cures. One dose relieves. Take time by
the forelock and purchase one bottle cf *
McBurney's /^Hlk
Kidney and 5^ gilB
Bladder Cure /?* *T&
And get relief In 20 R*^ '
: minutes. It Is a cer- £~ I
, tain and thorough J^* /k
cure for pains In the '-^^^ -^/^.
small of the back, stone In the bladder.
Brlght's disease. Incontinence of urine,
brick dust deposit, bed wetting, dropsy,
diabetes, rheumatism.
CHICAGO. 111.. March 20, 189ft.
i MR. W. F. McBURNEY. Los Angeles.
Cal. — Dear Sir: It affords me pleasure to
testify to the efficiency of your Kidney
and Bladder Cure. I have"be«;n troubled
. with my. kidneys and .bladder for over
four years. ,1 have been treated by
Dr. C. A. Purdy and Dr. Frank Wells *
the latter being my son. I regret to
'say" they, did- me no good. I was ad-^
I vised to spend the winter In Los Ange- *
leu. which I did. On the nlsht before
I left for home I got a bottle of your
medicine. The first doae did me good
and. I was well when I reached. home
and I can say in conclusion that I am 'W
grateful to you. If this letter is of any W
use to you. use It. THOS. WELLS H
| McBurney's Kidney and Bladder Ciir. i
prepaid $1 50. Send 25c to W. p ji c : D
Burney, i for five days' treatment* 226 ' H
S. Spring St., Los Angeles. Sold bv ' H
druggists. '-. . ..,,-" H
P P IT Q W 17 Q FOR BARB ERS." B A.
Dli U OilHO kers. bootblacks, bath.
houses, billiard tablts
brewers.' bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
dyeis,: flour mills, i foundries, laundries, • paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
ttableraen, tar-roofers, .tanners, • tailors, etc>
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
ENGAGEMENT LIMITED TO TWO W EEKS.
EVENINGS AT S O'CLOCK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL, MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
Charles Frohman Presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
In A W. Plnero'a Masterpiece.
"IRIS,"
This (Friday) Afternoon, at 1 Sharp.
QKA2TD CHARITT TVITD BS3TSTIT
At tlie Columbia Theater.
Every Theater Represented.
epicureanTaudeville.
neserved Seat. .^. .25c!BaJcony We
Box Seats and Opera Chairs we
THIS AFTERNOON* AT 1 SHARP.
CHARITY FUND BENEFIT AT THE
GRAND CHAKW£ bia THEATEB>
Every Theater Represented.
..CALIFORNIA..
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
ROSE MELVILLE,
The Original*
SIS HOPKINS.
Next Sunday— "AT THE OLD CROSS ;
ROADS." With Estba Williams. Jane Cor-
coranT James Brophy. Julia Blanc and
others. , / .
TO-DAY— At 1 p. m. Sharp.
CHARITY FUND BENEFIT.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented.
XSTG&XSXDS AUTOMOBILE RAC2S
SHOWN IN 'MOVING PICTURES
AND A GREAT SHOW. EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
SEE THE COLORED BABY IN THE INFANT
HABIADBYA^KLTICE ZOO!
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE.
When Phonln'y Ask fcr "Tho Chutes."
• THIS AFTERNOON AT 1 SHARP.
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT AT THE
COLUMBIA THEATER, ,
1 Every Theater Represented. \
' ' * ; PBAGEBS l£V
B Double the Usual Number of Green
I Trading Stamps Will Be Given
I With All Purchases Made
I in This Store
I There has been a host of bargains arranged
; I which include goods and novelties secured for the ,
I holiday as well as the regular winter trade. These
I may be had at unusually low prices with the extra
I advantage of "two for one" stamps. • - [• "
Ifp AIAVAY^RELIABLE
JM338- 1250 MARKET STi«~"» I
. AMUSEMENTS. " > ' *" '
COLUMBIA THEATER
SPECIAL!
THIS AFTERNOON,
AT X O'CLOCK SHABF.
i FIFTH AXOTTAXi BEUEFIT TCTOEB THE AUSPICES O7. TSS
\ ASSOCIATED THSATBICAL MAJTAGZHS Or SA3T 7BA27CISCO. ' * 'I
IN AID OF THEIR V ,
CHARITY FUND
\ Devoted to the Relief of the Sick and Needy In the Profession.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE.;,
TALENT 7SO3X GKAED OPERA-HOUSS, COI/tTMUZA THEATEB, CALI70H.
NIA THEATEE, OKFUZTTM, ALCAZAR, TIVOLI OPEEA-HOUSE, CE2T-
TBAL THEATEU, CHTXTES. - ';.^ '¦¦'' "*l ' T -
Tickets Are on Sale at the Box Offices of All Theaters. ; . , ; ,>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dress in Style
#By having your
suits made- to
order by good
taliors. It will
only cost you
|fP A WEEK
v$ *2$ by our plan and
O J»|j£\'you may wearthe
IH^^^tf clothes while pay-
Ing for them.
We guarantee every suit we
make to be satisfactory.
A. B. SMITH CO.
TTp-to-Date Tailors for Men
128-132 Ellis Street. Above Powell.
SAN FKANOZSCO.
PfliflfP DON'T. FAIL TO
I tuuvv , Bee the beaut i {ul
t COURT Lounging
ft Hfl room, the EMPIRE
ttllU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
SlTftflu LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul CM1U LOR^ and the LA _
H lilvL DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
0*s I IBI 4fe Ammunition, Hunting and
ftj|DEiI%* Sporting Goods. Larger
Hall lU stock. Lowest prices. Send
HI IBVBa B for catalogue.
U U I m UF SHREVE & BARBER CO..
v^: 739 Market at. and 311
Kearny at.
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 8 NIGHTS— LAST 4 MATINEES.
To-night and All This and Next Week.
¦ ; E%g«. at 8. Mat. Wed. and Sat. at 2.
KLAW AND ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of Gen. Wallace's
"BEN HUR"
Dramatized by William Young.
. Music by Edgar Stlllman Kelley.
Positively Last Performances of "Ben Hur"
. . Saturday Night. November 2S.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAT.
This (Friday) Afternoon, at 1 Sharp.'
QBASD CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
At the Columbia Theater.
¦ Every Theater Represented. . ¦•
Raciri|!^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
¦NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
, : . . Commencfng November 14. ,>' •
Racing Each Week Day, Rain 'or Shine.
V Siic^ or More Races Daily.
' Races ' commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
¦For special trains stopping at the track Uke
8 P. Ferry, foot of. Market street, at '12.
12:30. ;1:CO.»- 1:30 or" 2* o'clock. , No smoking in
laat two, cars. ; , which are reserved for ladles
and theirs escorts. - . ' r. • • •
-¦ Returning : trains leave' track at < 4:15 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS," President.
PERCY Wv TREAT, Secretary.
¦ ¦ *- . - .'* ;v ¦¦•'::- ' ¦. . - •A particularly malignant thief was convicted a few days
ago for stealing a ship's compass and will be sentenced
shortly. However long his term of imprisonment may be
it will not be adequate punishment for his crime. There are
some offenses for which the law provides no proper penalty.
The discovery of this man's atrocity possibly robbed the
seas of another horror. ;*
A GREATER OAKLAND.
OAKLAND'S movement for consolidation with Ala
meda and Berkeley is interesting from many points
of view. The trend of municipal development in
Great Britain and in our Eastern States has been toward the
consolidation of small communities so as to form a larger
unit of administrative government and at the same time
obtain a higher prestige as a metropolis. For some Teason
California municipalities have not hitherto been affected by
that trend of development and the Oakland movement there
fore will be watched by all students of municipal problems
to see whether it reveals any new impulse among the people
in that respect.
The movement in Great Britain and in the East was in
spired largely by economic considerations and by a desire
on the part of the public to have a more effective local gov
ernment than could possibly be attained by a small com
munity or by a considerable community divided into sev
eral small independent towns or villages. By reason of the
movement we have seen in recent years the extraordinary
development of such large cities as Greater Chicago, Greater
New York and Greater London, while a similar expansion
on a less scale has been carried out among hundreds of
communities of lesser note, both in this country and in
Great Britain. In no case, so far as we know, has there
been any dissatisfaction with the results of consolidation. It
is, therefore, the more surprising that the centralizing move
ment has as yet had little or no success in California.
The cities and towns along the eastern shore of, the bay
are in a good position to start the municipal expansion
movement for the State. It is evidently only a question of
time when they must form a single self-governing commu
nity, and it would seem they have now reached a stage of
development where the union might be made to the benefit of
all. Of course, there are local questions which will affect
the minds of citizens of Berkeley and Alameda and incline
them to maintain their present independence and isolation
but it is probable that every consideration of economy, and
efficiency of -government will be on the side of consolida
tion. . '
.Whatever, view, be taken by Alameda and Berkeley, it is
Here is another 6lde step: As your
opponent leads bring your right foot
around to the right in a semicircle un
til It is on a line with the left. At the
same time pivot on the ball of the left
foot, turning the body to the right.
The moment the right touches ground
throw the weight of. the body on it,
draw back the left and, If necessary,
take a step backward- If your adver
sary rushes he is likely to miss you
altogether or to trip across your left
leg. You will. In any case, be in a posi
tion to land with your right or left
1
! eprlnning the side step, only twenty-
Tour inches to the right of that former
rose. All this, of course, must be done
with lightning rapidity. With a little
practice you can Fide step quickly be
fore your opponent can recover from
his blow or rush. If he has ruehed he
will, of course, have moved his own
position. In any case, turn at once so
as to face him. The side step will have
thus carried you out of his way and
you will be ready to meet his next as
sault or to attack him before he realizes
where you have gone. This side step is
particularly useful when boxing or
fighting against a heavier or stronger
man than yourself.
A second side step Is to advance the
"left foot obliquely to the right (instead
of to one Bide) as your adversary leads
or rushes. Step Just far enough to one
side to avoid his body. Follow up the
left foot with the right, throwing the
weight of the body on the latter, and
pivoting on the ball of the left foot
(when the right has come up to it),
until you face your opponent; then
bracing yourself by falling at once into
the first "on guard" pose.
Be sure not to collide with him in
this move. Judge the distance so that
you will Just- miss his advancing body.
And remember that on speed, correct
balance and accuracy the whole suc
cess of the movement depends. Prac
tice these side steps against an imag
inary opponent when going through
your morning exercise Just after rising.
You will quickly "get the hang" of
them.
A variation of this last mentioned
side step is to step back obliquely to
the right, with the right foot (instead
of obliquely forward with the left),
bringing back the left foot at once to
position. Thus your opponent is likely
to overreach himself in his lead or
rush and lose his balance, leaving him
open to your attack.
for your face with his left. As he does
so throw your left foot about twenty
four inches to the left, letting it come
to the ground at that distance to the
left of the right foot and on a line wih
the latter. Turn the body to the right
at the same time, pivoting on the ball
of the right foot. By the time your left
foot touches ground you should be
standing at right angles to your former
position (see illustration). Your op
ponent's blow has whizzed past you,
or If he rushed he has tumbled across
your right leg. The moment you have
brought yourself to this position at
right angles to your former posture
cither use the left foot as a pivot to
wheel you Into eome new position, far
out of reach of the other man's rush,
or simply bring the right foot to a
position about eighteen inches behind
th<» left, wheeling to the left on the, ball
of the left foot at the same time until
;ou stand just as you stood Just before
It is planned to send these portable
rostrums to termini of electric roads,
which not only pass through large
towns and villages, but well settled
rural districts. Arriving at its destina
tion, the "knock-down" trailer will be
put together, hooked on to a trolley
car and taken to the first speaking
point. The portable switch, which Is a
combination of derailing frogs and
wooden, steel topped rails, will be
placed in position, and the platform
moved from the track. to the field. Tho
r-'teting over, the platform will !«e
pushed back, ready to be hooked on
the first trolley car which comes along
headed in the right direction, and
transported to the next meeting place.
In some parts of the country half a
dozen points a day can be covered by
the speakers using the traveling plat
form, ending with a big open-air rally
at night. The platform will be covered
with an awnings and will carry a
speaker's desk, chairs and cases of
campaign, literature, and will be large
enough to accommodate a good-sized
band. - -> -, ._. :.:;!• ~
• • •
This novelty is not the only one
promised for next year. A knock-down
"trailer" for trolley cars Is scheduled
to take a lively part In the political
battle. The shrewd campaign man
agers have grasped the possibilities
which lie in the electric streetcar lines
which operate in the rural districts in
many States. A mechanical genius has
Invented wfiat might b'e called a "port
able rostrum." It is a "knock-down"
or collapsible platform, provided with
light steel wheels of standard gauge,
and so made that it can be rapidly and
easily taken apart for shipment from
place to place by freight.
This platform carries' with it a
portable switch track, by which it can
be switched from the tracks of the trol
ley line Into the field selected for the
barbecue, fish fry or round-up. A
heavily insulated and flexible electric
cable, with a hooked pole, is to be part
of the equipment, designed to take the
current from the tr/)lley line for electric
lights — arc or Incandescent— if a night
meeting is desired. ' Jointed poles and
insulated wire are to be used for in
stalling the temporary electric light
system.
"Suppose the chairman of a national
committee selects a popular speaker to
be 'reproduced'? We take our record
ing apparatus to the city or town
where he lives, fit up a room and bring
him to it. We begin operations the In
stant he steps upon the platform. He
bows to us— his audience — and begins
his speech Just as if he were facing
a large hall crowded with yelling par
tisans. He will speak not more than
fifteen minutes and then he bows, steps
down and we're through with him. But
we have him and his speech, and our
apparatus is so nearly perfect that
every man in a fair-sized hall will be
able to hear every word he uttered,
while, at the same time, they all are
looking at his life-sized moving picture,
every motion fitting the corresponding
word and every word the proper mo
tion."
Mechanical "spellbinders" will take
the stump next year. The genial De
pew, the candid Hanna, the magnetic
Bryan and the caustic Tillman will
be seen and heard in hundreds of coun
try sehoolhouses and village halls. The
phonograph and moving picture ma
chine have been induced to work to
gether bo successfully that the clever
men who have "synchronized" the In
animate mimics say they act In per
fect harmony.
The man who has done this said:
"The first machines will be used in
next year's political campaign. The
big' oratorical guns of both parties are
to be 'phono-photoed," and every
crossroad village and little town in
close territory will have their first
chance to see and hear the great po
litical speakers of the day. Certain
spellbinders are always in such de
mend that they cannot be supplied.
Next year hundreds of operators will
be In readiness with machines to fill
all such wants, and the novelty alone
is certain to attract the crowds which
all campaigners crave.
BT MALCOLM 5rcDOWELL.
(Author of "Shop Talk on the Wonders of tha
Crafts."
Mechanical" Spellbinders"
• • •
First, let your sparring . partner lead
BT ALBERT PATSON* TKRITCNE.
(AUJetJc Exi*ert N«-w York nvenlne World.
(Author cr "Mu5cJ« Building-." etc)
Use the left hand for "long distance"
blows for the face, for blows for the
wind and for parrying. Use the right
only for guarding or countering. Never
lead with it except at close quarters.
In "mix-ups" or when an opponent ven
tures too near you your light is a ter
rible weapon. But at long range a right
lead is liable to throw you off your bal
ance. Moreover, it does not reach bo
far as does the left. Remember all this.
It Is usefuL
Now for some footwork that is far
more complicated than mere advanc
ing, retreating, distance gauging, etc. —
namely, the side step. I shall not only
teach you the Eide step which is learned
In ordinary boxing-schools, but also the
various Improvements on it invented by
such paatmasters as Corbett and Mc-
Coy and by Professor McDermott, the
old Brooklyn gladiator, who has been
christened "the father of the side
Btep." The side Etep as I teach It Is of
four varieties.
Finer Points of Boxing.
Bogota has shown no title to our consideration in her
quarrels with her provinces, beyond regard for her sover
eignty tempered by watchfulness of our own rights on the
isthmus and by her proved inability to keep the peace by
honest and upright government. Having set pur face to
ward our duty in the premises, there can be no step back
ward. If we owe anything to Bogota we owe something,
also, to the people of the isthmus, who, relieved of their
restraint by a government that has no sympathy with their
aspirations and holds them to it only to despoil them, will
join the world in going forward. They have established a
de facto government, which exercises de facto jurisdiction
over the territory needful to our enterprise of constructing
a waterway between the oceans. The peaceful enjoyment
of that great facility must always depend much upon the
friendship and good feeling of the isthmians. It should be
plain to every American that we would forfeit these and
make additional trouble for ourselves, if we now permitted
them to be subjugated by the savage government from
which they seek to escape.
The Panaman revolution is the first in our time in that
region that has been undertaken for the establishment of
enlightened principles of government, and to put a people
in line with the civil progress of the world. It is just as
much our right to x recognize such a de facto government
and to sympathize with those who have created it as it
would be to do the same for any people who have defied
any other despotism and taken a stand for the rights of man.
1 Of course, the incident furnishes another opportunity for
the enemies of an isthmian canal to fight from ambush.
They did this when we were trying to get a canal by the
Nicaragua route and had to get a new treaty with Great
Britain modifying the Clayton-Bulwer convention. Then
the opposition press, workingjor the enemies of the canal,
daily beset President McKinley and Secretary Hay with
slander and caricature, pretending an exalted patriotism.
They caused the failure of the first Hay-Pauncefote treaty
and held the canal up for three years.
On the Nicaragua route it proved that we had three sov
ereignties to deal with in Great Britain, Nicaragua and Costa
Rica. The situation presented difficulties that were im
mensely multiplied by the hampering abuse of our admin-l
istration by the opposition in this country. Then President
McKinley turned to the less complicated proposition of the
Panama route. The Hay-Herran treaty was made, with
the full knowledge and assent of Marroquin and of every
public man in Colombia. But they all broke, faith and de
feated the treaty. This has caused the independent aspira
tions of Panama, Cauca and Antioquia. If Americans sup
port the purpose of Bogota to reduce those states again to
misgovernment they are supporting reaction and absolutism
and are putting a canal among the improbable things
THE several protests of Colombia are now before the
world. They are issued in forgetfulness of the fact
that more than two months ago Bogota furnished the
United States a casus belli. When the telegrams between
our State Department' and our Minister to Colombia were
intercepted, and their delivery prevented by that Govern
ment, we had the right to withdraw our Minister, cease
intercourse and demand an apology. That we did not do so
was due to a spirit of patience with a willful and semi-civil
ized state.
Under such circumstances it was apparent that Colombia
could not be trusted to observe her international obliga
tions, arising in a canal treaty, and that .our future experi
ences with her would be a continual torment and expense,
not justified by the natural situation. In the independence
of Panama and the desire of Cauca and Antioquia to join
her, there is revealed the internal struggle between progress
and civilization on one side and retrogression and savagery
on the other.
The three states that stand for progress contribute the
most of the public revenues. They want a financial system
that will protect their commerce. They don't want to be
part of a nation where everything is at so low an ebb that
$1200 of its money is equal to only $i of the money of civ
ilization. The three discontented states have an aggregate
population of 1,128,000, or nearly half that of the whole
country. But under Colombian polity their civil governors
and military comandantes are appointed by the Bogota
Government, and they, have but little of that independence
and control of their domestic affairs that are the preroga
tive of our States.
Side stepping, leading and getting out
of reach, and the gauging of distance,
are things that require constant, daily
practice, until they are thoroughly
learned. After that they become in
stinctive and your feet will carry you
in and out at the right time without
conscious effort on your part, just as
the expert dancec goes through waltz
or two-step without counting or taking
heed of each movement.
You will find that this branch of box
ing will do more than anything else to
relieve the foot-awkwardness so fre
quent to boyhood. The rapidly grow
ing boy is prone to find his feet always
in his way and to be sadly deficient In
gracefulness. When he has learned
footwork in boxing he also finds that
he has learned to move about grace
fully in other pursuits.
In our next lesson we will take up
swings, hooks, jolts, etc. They are
pood blows to learn, and are not diffi
cult. They are also the heaviest blows
in all the science of boxing.
Remember always that I shall be
glad to answer any questions you may
care to ask. or to give advice on any
point that puzzles you.
It will take you Borne time to perfect
yourself in the various tactics I have
described in to-day's lesson. It is the
most important lesson you have thus
far had and the hardest to master.
band on the side of his face as he
passes the point where you have so re
cently been standing.
Or, when he leads, step to the right,
with your right foot touching ground
about on a line with your left foot, and
at once bring the left foot up close to
the right and fall into guard In your
new position, facing your opponent
from whichever point of the compass
he may recover himself from his rush.
This is the simplest of the side steps,
being literally a mere step to one side.
If you can do so without losing your
balance jump to one side Instead of step
ping when executing this manevuer.
Speed, as I have said, is an absolute
requisite in side stepping. - : ':/.'¦
COLOMBIA IS VIOLENT.
Special information supplied dally - to
business houses and public men by tha
Press CUpplng Bureau (Allen's), 230 CalU
fornia street. Telephone Main 1W3. •
Two men, accused of most glaring commercial frauds, are
seeking for more time in their trial before a local court 'of
justice. The kind of time they are likely to receive is not
the sort of time Uhey are demanding, but since they want
time, justice will probably see to it that they get it
¦ ,^ - . ¦ ' ***
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound, in- artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg. •
The little Oregon town of ; Grants Pass has started out
in the realm of fame to win a name for itself. By authority
of the action of its governing body it will be known as the
American city that, refused a Carnegie library. More than
this, but less striking in its presentation, is the fact that
Grants Pass is able and willing to buy a library of its own.
"The Kaiser lately reviewed a feath
ered veteran of the German army,"
says the Berlin correspondent of an
Eastern daily. "One of his regiments
has a pet magpie, which is full of mili
tarism and very proud of its parade
step. When the Kaiser visited the regi
mental quarters recently he asked for
this accomplished bird. In L'lllustra
tlon there Is a picture of the incident.
.There is the Kaiser sitting sternly In
the saddle, and there Is the magpie
with its martial stride, and there are
the officers of the regiment, with min
gled anxiety and pride plainly marked
on all their faces. Who can be sure
of a magpie's tongue? He might have
turned upon his sovereign with some
expression of private Judgment worthy
of a Socialist editor. Who can doubt
that, after such offense, he would have
been tried by court-martial for lese ma
jesty and Imprisoned in a fortress?"
"A Feathered Veteran.
"Mister, I see dat yer wants a boy fer
errands. Well, I'm a-Iookln' fer a job—
and— and. say. mister, would yer mind
givin 1 me a chanct? Ye see, I'm a
fambly man now. and I'm up against
it pretty hard. Say, mister, gimme a
show, will yer?" This from a tousled,
tattered kid of 13 or 14 years, hardly
promising or prepossessing, but terribly
in earnest, roused the fat old grocer
from his steam beer stupor into repeat
ing In sleepy astonishment, "You're a
fambly man, eh?"
;¦ "Dat's what I am," returned the lit
tle job-chaser. "I'se got a kid to take
care of— since our maw died — she's dead
two weeks now," said he, with an air
of bravado that fitted illy with the wist
fulness in his blue eyes. "And what
makes it tough, mister, he's got legs
what ain't mates, and he can't walk.
So all he does 's set an' cry all day —
when I ain't wit'm. So I t'ot if I got a
job near here — we's a-stayin* at de Set
tlement over dere at Souf Park— dat I
cud take 'm out on de wagon some
times—just till he got over cryin* fer
his maw. ' Say, mister— say, gimme a
trial, won't yu, an* I won't ask fer
union hours either ef -ye'll only let me
take de kid round" wit me sometimes,
when yu's not in a hurry."
• Now, It happened that the fat old
grocer had been hard hit a few months
before, when his only son had 'been
drowned In the dark waters of the bay,
and the wound was raw and tender.
There is no Ieveler like sympathy in
sorrow, and only ; he who has suffered
can feel for another, so the fat old
grocer hired the "fambly man," and
every day "de kid whose legs ain't
mates" goes about In the handcart with
his big brother, who fills the role of
The "Family Man/*
When de blizzard done — '
Den de big, round sun.
He shine so hot
Dat he make me run;
En I won't find peace
•Twel my day is done.
En I gwlne home in do mawnlng'I
— Atlanta Constitution.
When de rain don't fall,
De blizzard blow.
En he sling de sleet
En pelt de snow;
En dey ain't no hope
On de afrth below,
En I gwlne.home in de mawnin'!
'A Dissatisfied Brother.
•^ HANG CHI TUNG and Yuan Shi Kai, two of the
I higher officials of China, who are at the same time
v«^ among the few progressive advisers of the Emper
or's Government, are reported to be urging the necessity
of an alliance between Japan and China against the aggres
sions of Russia. This they advance as the only logical fruit
age of the recent rapprochement between the two Oriental
empires in the face of the impending depredations of the
Bear. Japan seems not unfavorably disposed toward the
project and only the blind adherence to obsolete ideas on the
part of the ruling councils in' the Flowery Kingdom seems
to stand in the way of the progressive measure. .
Nothing could be more natural than that the two repre
sentative Oriental nations should unite to protect common
race welfare and identical national interests. The trend of
the nations seems to be toward great family pacts. In the
labyrinth of latter day diplomacy Slav draws near to Slav,
Teuton seeks out Teuton, Latin approaches Latin. The col
umns, of peoples which marched out from that dim Aryan
land in the dawn of history are gradually drawing together
again into their separate tribes. Race ties are beginning to
determine twentieth century boundaries.
In the light of this great arraying of blood against blood
Japan cannot expect to profit greatly by any artificial ties
with a nation of the west. Should she draw nearer to Eng
land, for example, the events of a day, a change in the Eng
lish Ministry, a declaration of war against another of the
great powers on the part of either contracting party, might
snap the slender bonds and leave the little isle of the rising
sun without an ally.
True it is that in an alliance with China Japan would be
yoked with a nation which is unwieldy, antiquated, ca
pricious; but China has a potential power, which, if it could
be transformed into energy, would make the armed giants
of Europe seem drawfs in comparison. By a European al
liance Japan would be tied only to the selfish support of a
commercial diplomacy; by a pact between herself and China
she would be master of tremendous possibilities.
Now comes Colonel William Jennings
Bryan as an advocate of work. AH
aspirations for the Presidency being
cast aside the silver-tongued man from
the Platte Is reported to have delivered
himself of the following before a boys*
club in New Haven, Conn.:
"Don't think that happiness consists
In not having to work. If you have
sufficient money that you are not
obliged to work for your living, why,
your field for work Is only made the
larger; you then have others to work
for besides looking out for yourselves.
The most miserable man Is the man
who does not have to work physically.
He Is not only Impairing his physical
health, but he also lacks a. stimulus to
do the best mental work.
"All who have led a life of industry
know how true this Is. They know
that work is a blessing, not a . curse.
They should know that the thing which
curses labor is false ideas, erroneous
thoughts, ehaflng in the harness. A
man can just as easily make play of
work as youth can make work of play
on the gridiron and the diamond. The
busy man enjoys life and Us. emolu
ments, the idle man only gets a loafer's
reward."
Bryan on Work.
AN ORIENTAL ALLIANCE.
An announcement that "the Home
lelgh bloodhounds will meet at Thrux
ton Manor, near Andover, at noon on
Thursday next to hunt a man" has
moved the London Times to admit that
in most countries hunting, now that
't Is done neither for food nor for safe
rj, has become artificial in exact pro
portion as It has become more nearly
to being merely a source of f pleasure.
Even In so "doggy" a country as Eng
land, however, there evidently lingers
the delusion that bloodhounds are es
pecially huge and savage creatures, for
the Times assumes with what seems
to be more of hope than certainty that
the man hunted near Andover Is to be
in no danger. That accomplished. It
proceeds to point out that the hunting
of carted stags, or even of preserved
foxes, Is a strangely , different thing
from the ancestral efforts to supply
the cave with meat, and that there la
in such sport, injury to the feelings of
the zoophiles apart, little more than
the pleasure of riding a horse — not
"hard riding," but carefully regulated
progression that Involves a minimum
of danger.
Decayed Sport.
Because he claimed acquaintance
with several restaurant keepers on the
Barbary Coast and talked at length
upon "jinks and "times" he had with
the artists all the dear girls called him
a true bohemian. Therefore he was
careless about his dress and used to
drink steam beer with his meals — when
anybody whom he knew was with him
— and acted the part of the true bo
hemian to the best of his ability.
One night he took a party of the fair
ones who wanted, oh so much, to get
a glimpse of bohemia. up to the mar
ionette show on Broadway. How the
fluffy things did gurgle as they climbed
the ladder up to the little gallery and
what smothered exclamations of de
light they emitted when the curtain
went up and Orlando proceeded to woo
the lady with the maplewood face with
all the ardor that his jointed arms
would permit of. The bohemian put on
a wise expression with just a tinge of
the bored, as If he had seen these
things so many times that there was
nothing new or surprising to such an
old member of bohemia. Notwith
standing the signs, he smoked a cigar
ette to show how well he was known
by the management and to what
lengths an old habitue of the place
could go.
But Luigi, the man with the change
able voice, who reads the scores behind
the scenes, "peeked out during the In
termission and seeing suoh a distin
guished party of American ladies,
thought that he ought to interpret the
score In English as a mark of honor
to his visitors. So when In the course
of the old melodrama It became nec
essary for the fair heroine to berate
tbe giant who kept her in captivity up
In his gloomy castle, Luigi cleared his
throat.
The giant with the pasteboard crown
laughed a haughty laugh. Then In the
purest English the heroine drew her
self up to her full height of three feet
six inches and delivered herself:
"I teacha you, you — ?• !•!, for why
you kippa me een dlsa plaee — *• ? ! ! !
;»;_ \
That was true bohemia.
True Bohemia.
A. Maurice Low contributes to tha
current Harper's Weekly an entertain
ing character study of "Uncle Joe"
Cannon, the honorable Speaker of the
House of Representatives. One*of the
anecdotes which Mr. Low tells of him
gives one an insight Into the peculiar
powers of the man. It was in the last
session of Congress. Following' the re
modeling of the White House, there was
an auction sale of old furniture, and
among other things a sideboard, which
had been presented to the wife of
President Hayes by the young women
of Cincinnati, was sent to the auction
room. It seemed to one Democratic
member that a ruthless indignity was
about to be committed and he Intro
duced a resolution demanding an inves
tigation of the heinous transaction.
When he had finished, and while some
of the Republican members were quak
ing whether it would be their duty to
impeach the President, "Uncle joe"
Cannon arose:
"Mr. Speaker," he declaimed, "we are
told that In the early days of the re
public Abigail Adams hung out her
laundry to dry in the East Room of
the White House. Good God. Mr.
Speaker, where is that clothesline
now?" After that and the uproarious
shfut which followed, no more was
heard of the sideboard.
'Abigail's Clothesline.
THE coming banquet of the Merchants' Association is
; to consider- one proposition — the proper exhibit at
St. Louis to set for the position, capacity, resources
and achievements of San Francisco. It is a pleasure to find
our business men united on a matter of such immense im
portance to San Francisco.
Time was that this city did not. have to bestir itself to
maintain primacy of this side of the continent. But the
very development which the enterprise of San Francisco
promoted naturally raised up rivals, with whom we now
must reckon. We call them rivals in no unfriendly spirit,
since their rivalry is a needed stimulus to our own enter
prise. We cannot afford to sit down in front of a geography
and point to our position thereon. Boston did that, and
thought that with her geography and her East Indian wharf
she had t». oerpetual monopoly on the trade of the Atlantic
seaboard. New York penetrated the countty to the far
thest West with improved transportation, and while her cap
ital and energy raised up Chicago and dotted the Missis
sippi Valley with such centers as Omaha and Kansas City,
in the end they all proved to be her outlying tributaries,
benefiting her in proportion to her own prosperity. There
is no reason, in the natural order of things, that San Fran
cisco should not hold the same relation to this side of the
continent.
Some of our energetic rivals declare that we don't make
noise enough about our achievements. We are content to
do great things without u-^ing pains to use the widely
heard music of the trump of fame. So it is said that while
in our Ferry building we have the most imposing structure
of its kind in the United States and furnishing to the tide
of travel its best facilities, we said but little about it, except
to raise unjustifiable doubts about the sufficiency of its
foundation. In our new Federal building, on Seventh and
Mission streets, we have a structure which, in nobility of
architecture and charms of interior finish, ranks with the
Congressional Library in Washington. Yet its corner
stone is laid* without ceremony and its progress is noted
only by growls about the foundation on which it rests.
Chicago's new postoffice is an architectural monstrosity,
ignoble and unsatisfactory. Yet, when its cornerstone was
laid the President of the United States was invited and, with
his Cabinet, graced the ceremony. Millions of people in
the world will never see the Chicago building, but they will
never cease to hear Chicago's boasting abo-t its ceremonial
inauguration. In the nations of Europe it is the custom for
rulers and the nobility to attend the cornerstone laying of
public buildings, and so Europeans will always identify the
Chicago ceremony with those which have such august at
tendance. : •; '.""
There is no doubt that San Francisco may help herself by
giving more eclat to what she does. But we are a busy and
absorbed people and have been content to do and let others
find it out. The Merchants' Association will do well to put
a little more brass band into our heads by giving emphasis
to. the value of more publicity. It may be safely said that
San Francisco and all California far more than come up to
all the brag in which our people have ever indulged. We
have the goodr> and should advertise them better.
THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
mother, father and chum to the little
cripple. And the big, fat grocer doesn't
growl either when the wagon's a min
ute or two overdue, for the kid has to
be taken over home and comforted
with the promise of another ride
"bymby."
A scientist more sanguine than explicit has discovered to
his own satisfaction that it is always summer on the sun.
This announcement, however, no more makes old Sol a de
sirable place of residence than does the fact that the antipo
des of heaven is also always summer make it more popular
in general estimation. What most of us are looking for on
the other side is a comparatively cool place.
"As I unfolded my early morning ex
perience to him it rather staggered
both of us. Certain it Is that the
knowledge of that fire came to me
when I was sleeping soundly miles
away. What was It that sent the
news to me and gave that uncanny
call to duty?"
"You remember the big Baldwin Ho
tel fire?" said an old time newspaper
man to a little group of fellow work
ers gathered about the comfortable
fireplace in the Press Club lounging
room.
"I can tell you a story about that
fire," he continued, "which will give
you something to think about for a
few minutes. I had caught the last
boat to Oakland and was soundly
sleeping when the fire broke out some
where about early daybreak.
"Shortly before 6 o'clock that morn
ing in my dreams it seemed that I re
ceived a message from my city editor
to report for duty at once and to get to
the scene of the fire with all speed.
"So intensely vivid was this dream
that I awoke with a start. I hurriedly
dVessed myself and posted off for the
first boat to San Francisco.
"On train and boat I heard about the
big fire, but It was no news to me. As
soon as the boat landed I made all
haste up Market street and hustled
.about to see who was in charge of the
story. Sure enough, there was the
city editor.
" 'What are you doing here?* he que
ried, as if much surprised.
" 'Why, you sent for me,' I replied, a
bit disturbed.
" 'I did nothing of the kind,' was the
astounding retort.
" 'Well, If you didn't, who under the
heavens did?' I urged.
The Dream Voice.
gratifying to have such a movement started in the State by
a city of the size antl prestige of Oakland. The expansion
of cities and the consolidation of small communities into
larger ones, where such enterprises caa be carried out under
favorable conditions, are undoubtedly beneficial and tend to
improve municipal life. California has hitherto stood aloof
from the general movement in that direction, and as a re
sult our cities do not make a showing of growth equal to
that of Eastern cities. Oakland, therefore, is doing good
service by agitating the issue, even if it go no farther for a
while. In the end. however, there will be but one city on the
other side of the bay, but that one will be a city of first-class
rank.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. NOYEMBER 20, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Pr^rictor . > -Address All Commaniations to JOHN HcNAUGHTV Manager
Publication Office .....«...»•••••; cj^^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY ". ..•.-..¦....¦;..... ...................NOVEMBER 20, 1903
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDENTS
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
BIDE STEPPING.The ladies of the Society for Christ
>lan Work are to have a sale for the
benefit of their charitable fund in the
parlors of the First Unitarian Church,
corner ef Tranklln and Geary streets,
to-night and to-morrow night Friends
of the society and all who are inter
ested In its work are cordially invited
to attend.
Ladies to Giva a Sale.
Adams Is Vice President.
Word was received In this city yes
terday that the National Association of
Traveling Passenger Agents, who have
Just adjourned their annual convention
in Atlanta, elected as their president
E. J. Bennett, New York representa
tive of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, who is well known here, and for
their vice president they chose Jay W.
Adams, Pacific Coast agent for the
Nickel Plate line. The local railroad
agents are preparing a welcome for
Adams, who la expected back in a few
days. ...
Much excitement wag caused in
police and hospital circles last night
about 6 o'clock by a report from Third
end Brannan streets that two cars had
collided and a score of passengers were
Injured. Every patrol wagon and am
bulance not working at the time was
dispatched in great haste to the scene
of the supposed calamity. The South
ern station patrol wagon made a record
breaking run down Third street, and
ambulances left a trail of flying mud
in the wake of their speedy run.
When the maze of emergency wagons
collected at the scene it was found that
a Brannan street car In a moment of
friendliness had rubbed gently against
a south bound Kentucky and Third
street car. doing but little damage,
and slightly injuring one man.
J. B. Auga was the unfortunate vic
tim of the collision. He was removed
to the Central Emergency Hospital.
Motorman R. T. Stokes of car S53 of the
Brannan street line was unable to
fc-ing his car to a stop on account of
the slippery rails. It slid across the
Third street tracks and bumped into
the Kentucky street car.
Reported Disastrous Streetcar "Wreck
. BfiStfJt* i« Slight Damage asd
Injury of One.
WAGOHS FLY TO SCENE
OF SUPPOSED CALAMITY
The following committee has entire
charge of the ball: Louis Hinz, chair
man; E. Fleischer, vice-chairman; F.
Attinger Jr., F. Zecher and E. Trost!
An admission fee of 50 cents will be
charged every one.
The grand march will start promptly
at 10 o'clock. The music will be fur
nished by L. von der Mehden'a orches
tra. A well known costumer will be in
attendance at the hall ready to furnish
costumes to the maskers at reasonable
rates.
The active members of the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein have completed
final arrangements for their annual
masquerade ball to be given on
Thanksgiving eve, November 25 at
Turn Verein Hall, 353 Turk street.
The affair will be got up on an
elaborate scale and gives promise of
being one of the events of the year in
German social circles.
Annual Masquerade on Thanksgiv
ing Eve Promises to Be Pleasant
Social' Event.
TURN VEBEIN MEMBEBS
MAKE BEADY FOB BALL
Playgoers will crowd the Columbia
Theater this afternoon and swell the
fund that is raised each year by the
Associated Theatrical Managers to help
the needy and distressed members of
the profession. A programme of great
diversity will be presented. There will
be vaudeville turns, tragedy, comedy
and farce. All the theaters have sent
their best talent to strengthen the per
formance.
The Orpheum will be represented by
the three Zolars, European grotesque
acrobats; Warren and Blanchard, the
comedian and the singer; the Brlttons,
colored singers and dancers, and the
"Village Choir" quartet. Warren is one
of the best singers in vaudeville. His
rich, mellow voice has been heard to
advantage at the Orpheum this week.
The "Village Choir" quartet has been
singing itself into public favor and is
well worth hearing.
All those who have seen "Ben Hur"
at the Grand Opera-house and have
gazed upon the graceful form of Wil
liam Kelly and heard him rendering
the lines from General Lew Wallace's
famous book will be delighted to hear
him render a description of the chariot
race. All those who heard Miss Har
nette Keyes sing the solo In the second
scene of the fourth act of "Ben Hur"
will be pleased to N hear har render
"Since First I Met Thee," by Ruben
steln. Miss Keyes has a well-trained
voice and has a big Eastern reputation
as a vocalist.
"A Queen's Messenger," a drama in
one act, by J. Hartley Manners, will
be the offering of the Columbia Thea
ter. Virginia Harned and William
Courtney compose the cast. This was
originally produced at the Haymarket
Theater, London, and will be presented
for the first time in America at the Co
lumbia this afternoon. It is a gem in
its way and will be heartily appre
ciated by theatergoers.
The sextet from "Lucia dl'Lammer
moor" will be rendered by the best
artists now singing at the Tivoll in
grand opera. The Alcazar stock com
pany will present the third act from
"Lady Bountiful," from the pen of the
great dramatist Arthur Wing Plnero.
The play scored a big hit at the Alca
zar a month ago. An act from the stir
ring melodrama "At Valley Forge" will
be given by the Central Theater Com
pany.
Queen, Stowe and Felly will close the
big show with their acrobatic whirl
wind, "The Josshouse D,odger."
The programme will be under the di
rection of Harry Orndorff. Professor
Rosner and the Orpheum orchestra will
render music during the performance,
and Philip Hastings will look after the
performers.
Even though the weather Is Inclem
ent, there .will be a big attendance, as
more than half the house has been sold.
The benefit Is a worthy one and a
crowded house is expected.
Death of Mrs. de Santa Marina.
Mrs. E. J. de Santa Marina, widow of
the late well-known stock broker and
clubman, died shortly after 2 o'clock
yesterday morning at the Palace HoteL
The lady had been an invalid for some
time. Shortly after the death of her hus
band Mrs. de Santa Marina was strick
en with paralysis, and she succumbed
to a third attack yesterday. She was
a sister of Mrs. E. W. Hopkins and
Mrs. James Freeborn and aunt of Mrs.
Will and Mrs. August Taylor. She
leaves a large fortune. /
Suits for divorce for desertion were
filed by James C. Christcnsen against
Emily c. Christensen, J. H. Lynden
against Florence M. Lynden and Julia
M. Thornton against O. H. Thornton.
Cruelty is charged in the complaint
filed by Richard B. Day against Hattie
Irene Day.
W. A. Betts wants a divorce from
Maud L. Betts for cruelty, alleging that
because of her fondness for drink she
has neglected his home. They were
married at San Bernardino in Feb
ruary, 1837, and have two children, the
custody of whom Betts wants.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Frank P. Berger from
Sophie Berger for desertion and C. B.
Callender from Clara Callender for the
same cause.
Estella E. Fitzgerald Is suing Wil
liam H. Fitzgerald for divorce on the
ground of extreme cruelty. She says
that for a long time prior to the filing
of her suit he abused her in a shame
ful manner. She says her health has
been ruined because of his treatment
and that on more than one occasion
she had been beaten black and blue by
him. She says he once told her he
would never provide more than a bare
home for her and that she need never
expect anything more. Fitzgerald is
habitually cross and sullen, avers his
wife, and almost daily curses and re
viles her.
Laura M. Wichman, who fourteen
years ago was married to John Wich
man, a prominent candy manufac
turer and dealer in the Mission, secured
a divorce on the ground of extreme
cruelty in Judge Graham's court yes
terday. She testified that she had been
abused by her husband until she could
no longer stand It, and that he had fre
quently told her that he did not want
to live with her any longer. She cried
as she made the admission that Wich :
man had accused her of being an un
faithful wife, and had more times than
she could remember called ntrr the
vilest of names. Her testimony was
corroborated by that of Lotha F.
Meyer. Under a stipulation filed dur
ing the proceedings the community
property of the couple is to be equally
divided.
business meeting vas held, and reports
read by Miss Marian C. Voorsanger
ehotved the council to be in a flourish
ing condition. Mrs. Louis Hertz, presi
dent of the organization, presided. Tea
and other refreshments were served. The
meeting ns held in the Sunday-school
rooms of the Temple Emanu-El and
was •well attended.
. The speaker advocated the organiza
tion of a choral society. When these
things have been accomplished and
there is more harmony among the
musicians, he said, the residents of this
city would advance in music.
Professor Stewart was heartily ap
plauded for his paper. During the aft
ernoon there was singing by Miss Adele
Shaw. Mrs. Juliet Greninger, Mrs. Zil
pha Ruggles Jenkins, Miss L. C. Stone
and Miss Darby.
Previous to the lecture and concert a
Professor H. J. Stewart delivered an
interesting address on the "Musical
Xeeds of San Francisco" before the
Council of Jewish Women at the Tem
ple Emanu-El yesterday afternoon. In
the course of his paper he said that
there was not enough harmony among
the musicians of San Francisco, and
until the discords were obliterated the
standard of music in this city would
not advance.
He also said that there should be
more outdoor concerts for the people.
He believed these concerts were edu
cational in their nature, and although
the park band was doing its share it
was not sufficient for the demands
made upon it. Professor Stewart was
ot the opinion that there ought to be
chairs in music at the University of
California and at Stanford University.
He called attention to the fact that
Harvard and Yale colleges have musi
cal chairs, and he thought the subject
was important enough for the colleges
of California to take up. He eaid he
hoped to see the day when San Fran
cisco would have a concert hall like
Carnegie Hall in Pittsburg, Pa. An
other thing that is lacking in this city,
he said, is a musical library. He called
upon the Council of Jewish Women to
collect the old Hebrew melodies and
turn them over to the Free Public Li
brary so the student can go and exam
ine the priceless scores.
Professor Stewart Says
Harmony Is Lacking
in City.
Laura M. Wichman Gets
a Divorce on Ground
of Cruelty.
Big Benefit Performance
at Columbia This
Afternoon.
DISCORDS AMONG
THE MUSICIANS
TIRES OF ABUSE
OF HER HUSBAND
STARS TO ACT
FOR CHARITY
James Beaseley of Nome, whom the
United States authorities recently fol
lowed around the world and finally ar
rested-in South'Africa on a charge of
forgery, and who was brought back to
"Alaska, has been at the Palace Hotel
for several days. He is out on bonds
and ¦ has received permission i of the*
court i to * return . to : South Africa on
business. He leaves to-day for* Cape
Town.' . , ; , l
Beaseley Going to Africa.
The San Francisco Fruit and Flower
Mission is preparing Its annual distri
bution of Thanksgiving dinners for the
needy poor of the city. Each year it
has been the custom of this organiza
tion to collect groceries, provisions,
etc., for donation to those unable to
buy their holiday dinner.
During the year the mission has at
tended to the wants of the needy sick
in this city, giving them, doctors,
nurses, medicines and provisions and
looking after them generally. Through
the generosity and good will of this as
sociation many too poor to secure med
ical attention have been cared for.
The ladies of the mission now ask
the public to contribute turkeys, chick
ens) I money, pies, \ bread, fruit, grocer
ies and anything and everything edi
ble. The roofns of the mission will be
open Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday
for the reception of these donations.
It Is the Intention of the mission to
feed about 180 families, or nearly 1000
persons. .
The officers of the mission are Miss
Lillian Nathan, president: Miss Mir
iam '¦ K. Wallis, ¦ first vice president;
Mrs. "George H. Buckingham, second
vice president; Miss Annie Walnwright,
corresponding j secretary ; Miss • Ada
Clark, recording secretary; Mrs. Sig
mund Bower, treasurer, vice Miss Han
nah L. Leszynsky.
Ladles of Fruit and Flower Mission
Ask Public for Contributions
of Provisions.
WILL GIVE CITY'S FOOB
THANKSGIVING DINNEB
Biggy and Kelly were challenged per
emptorily. The following named were
impaneled: George A. Smith, John
G. Us, John H. Tate, F. P. Skelly, E.
W. Taggard, Henry Schussler, Alfred
E. Pryor, S. P. Holden. George D.
Clark, George A. Reynolds, H. E. Skin
ner and Chris E. Newman.
The taking of testimony will be be
gun at 10 o'clock this morning.
W. J. Blggy, Robert N. Carson and
E. Skinner were fined the costs. $2 50
each, for having failed to respond last
Monday when their names were called.
The Jurors were questioned as to their
religious affiliations, and only two or
three of., those examined admitted that
they belonged to or attended any
church. William J. Blggy, formerly a
Police Commissioner, said he was a
Roman Catholic and a regular attend
ant at church. D. V. Kelly said he was
of the same faith, and that if Archbish
op Rfordan should testify to one state
of facts and other wltneses should tes r
tify to the contrary he would believe
the Archbishop as against the others.
After close questioning of the citizens
called to serve on the Jury panel of the
United States Circuit Court yesterday
forenoon a Jury was selected to try the
case of Archbishop Patrick W. Riordan
against Belle Sprague to recover $21,000.
The suit was brought to recover on a
contract in an inheritance left by James
Merwyn Donahue to certain Roman
Cathollo charities. The contract was
signed by Ryland T. Wallace as attor
ney for his sister, Donahue's widow,
now Mrs. Belle W. Sprague. She de
nies that she authorized Ryland to
make the contract, and avers that at
the time it was made he did not hold
her power of attorney. The case was
tried a few weeks ago and the jury
disagreed.
Second Trial of Case
of Riordan vs.
JURORS ASKED
AS TO RELIGION
A mortgage was recorded , yesterday
covering the loan of $125,000 to. the Wil
liam Ede Company by the Mutual Sav
ings Bank. , the security given being the
property on' the southwest corner, of El
lis and Powell streets. ;
Records Big Mortgage.
-' Judge S. E. Benson is acting for
Wilkins. Last night notice was served
on the. Sheriff by the J. M. Wilkins
Company advising • him that he was
wrong in permitting an attachment to
be served on the property belonging
to that company, as the personal affairs
of Mr; and Mrs. WHkina were in no
way connected with the incorporation.
The Cliff House property has had but
three different proprietors. The orig
inal house was built in 1863 and opened
by,. Captain J. E. ; Foster, who; was its
manager for twenty years. Then came
Moss & Sheldon, who ran it for three
years. Then came Wilkins, who has
been irr charge for the last eighteen
years. The original structure burned
Christmas night, 1894, and Wilkins was
a heavy loser at that time as he car
ried comparatively / small insurance.
The present structure was .finished in
October, 1895. It has never been closed.
Mr. Wilkins, in speaking of the mat
ter, stated: "The promissory notes
which are the basis of this action are
both personal debts of my own and
are in no way connected with the in
terests of the J. M. Wilkins Company.
This company was Incorporated about
two years ago and owns all the. furni
ture and contents of the Cliff House,
Including barroom furniture nnd fix
tures, organ and stock of merchandise.
There are 25,000 shares of stock in this
concern, of which I hold 3000 shares,
and 2500 shares of this I have placed
up as a collateral, so in reality I own
but 2500 shares. The balance of stock
is practically all owned by B. Warner
Rice, who is. vice president and treas-'
urer of the company. I am president
and manager of the corporation*, for
¦tfhich services I receive a salary. Mrs.
Wilkins owns five shares. The business
of the house will be In no way inter*
fered with."
B. Warner Rice, In speaking of the
suit, said: "The J. M. Wilkins Com
pany, in which I hold the majority of
stock, is in no way connected with this
suit which has been brought against
Wilkins. The notes in question are his
own personal obligations and the com
pany has nothing to do with them. The
affairs the concern are in a flourish
ing condition. We are making money,
do not owe a dollar to any one and
have a fine balance in the bank to our
credit. I shall not let the business of
the house be stopped and Wilkins will
continue to manage the place so long as
I control the stock." ......
LAWYER GIVES VIEWS.
Two suits were brought yesterday
against J. M. Wilkins, proprietor of the
Cliff House, by John Sroufe to recover
an amount approximating $35,000, al
leged to be due on two notes given to
the plaintiff several years ago.
A writ of attachment in the sum of
$32,423 78 was served yesterday on Wil
kins, and keepers were sent out to the
Cliff House. Garnishments were placed
on a deposit box in the Western Na
tional Bank belonging to Wilkins and
also on funds in other banks and on
the stock in the Cliff House. ' .
The commencement of the alleged In
debtedness dates back about seventeen
years, when Wilkins first went to take
charge of the famous hostelry. Sroufe
advanced moneys and sold merchandise
to Wilkins and the sum has gradually
grown until it has reached the present
proportions. Attorney Charles A.
Shurtleff, who represents the plaintiff,
states that they do not in any way
wish to interfere with the business of
the Cliff House and have no desire to
injure Wilkins, but his client wants
money. So far as they are concerned
the business of the place will not be
interfered with. The house is still open
to the public, though the keepers are
in charge.
WILKINS IS CALM.
J. Sroufe Demands That
J. M. Wilkins. Pay
His Notes.
SUES TO COLLECT
HEAVY AMOUNTS
THE SAN TBA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
Would Care for Dibbern Estate.
Public Administrator John Fafnham
yesterday filed a petition for letters of
administration upon "the estate of j
Henry Dibbern, the merchant who died"
suddenly at the Palace Hotel Wednesday
morning. The petition recites that the
estate of the deceased is worth more
than $10,000 and that the names and ad
dresses of his heirs, if he left any. are
unknown to the petitioner.
LONDON, Nov. 19.— Henry Seton
Merrlman (Hugh Stowell Scott), tha
novelist. Is dead. He had been suffer
ing from appendicitis for a week.
Ten days later, says the plaintiff.
Manning called upon her and In the
presence of numerous persons asked
her mother, a . Mrs. Glascr of Mendo
clno Countv, If she had any objection
to Mm as a son-in-law. Mrs. Glaser.
it is alleged, told him she had none,
and thereupon Manning shook hand3
with everybody, kissed his prospective
bride, e»d then Joined in a general d!s
cussion of the wedding. Mrs. McGlynn
says she even introduced him to the
ladies she had selected to act as her
bi idesmaids.
Now comes the harrowing part of the
tale. The widow says that since that
day she has not seen Manning, but sha
cays shb has heard about him. and
what the has heard has caused her
the keenest mental anguish. She says
that she has learned that the reason
lor the last month and a half her recre
ant lever has not been near her is that
hi has put in his time running about
with other women, married and unmar
ried, and of good reputation and other
wise, and has lavished his affections
upon them, greatly to her humiliation
and pain.
All the preparations were completed
and. accordine to the complaint. Mrs.
McGlynn, accompanied by a lady frienrl
and Manning, on August 20 took a trip
to the little bay town. Mrs. McGlynn
confidently expected that she would re
turn Mrs. Manning, and her belief she
says was strengthened when Manning,
after leavlns the train, took her di
rectly to the house of a clergyman.
But the weddins never came off, for,
alleges Mxs. McGlynn, Manning was
taken sick at the home of the. minister
and all three were compelled to return
to San Francisco.
Louise Mary McGlynn, a comely
widow, who claims that she was Jilted
by Patrick Manning, a wealthy mining
man, wants $20,000 as balm for her
wounded feelings. A suit for that
amount for breach of promise was filed
yesterday by Frank P. Haynes, Mrs.
McGlynn's attorney.
Mrs. McGlynn and Manning first met
in November of last year. They be
came great friends and before a year
had elapsed their friendship had rip
ened Into love. It waa in August of
this year, alleges Mrs. McQIynn, that
Manning first let her know that his
regard for her was something warmer
than mere friendship and asked her
to become his wife. She says she ac
cep;ed him, told all her friends of her
new found happiness, then made prep
arations for the wedding. The mar
riage was to have taken place in Napa.
ten days after the announcement of the
engagement; ¦"' ' v
In his flight Kelly dropped several
bogus bills. When searched at the City
Prison more than thirty of - the bad
pieces of paper were found on his per
son. He made several other attempts
yesterday afternoon to pass off the
Confederate bills on other grocers and
fruit dealers In the same neighborhood,
but all these tradesmen were suspicious
and would take no chances.
Harry Kelly, a young man with an
air of prosperity, was arrested yester
day afternoon after a lively chase by
Patrolman Blrdsall at Sutter and La
guna streets and locked up pending an
investigation as to his operations and
movements within the last few days.
Kelly is accused of having passed off
numerous Confederate $20 bills on cor
ner grocery men and -secured good
United States coin in exchange.
Kelly numbers among his victims
four grocers and the number is likely
to be Increased ere long, as the police
think that they can trace many more
crimes of a similar nature to the* pre
possessing young man. Among his
dupes are H. Helnrichsen. Webster and
Sutter streets; C. H. Vensler, Hyde and
Geary streets, and Henry Schlen, Hyde
and Broadway. All these men were
handed $20 Confederate bills in payment
for merchandise and all gave good
money in return.
On last Thursday afternoon Kelly en
tered Vensler's store and purchased
a bottle of whisky. In return he gave
the bad $20 bill and was handed $19
in change. An hour later he appeared
at Schlen's place and went through the
same performance. Nothing more was
heard of Kelly till the following
Wednesday afternoon, when he went
Into Heinrichsen's store and asked for
two bottles of whisky. He requested
that the liquor be sent to a near by ad
dress and when the clerk arrived with
the articles Kelly was waiting for him
on the doorstep. He gave a bad $20 bill
In payment and received $18 in change.
Kelly's downfall came yesterday
afternoon when he walked into the
grocery at Laguna and Sutter streets
kept by W. E. Goetz. He asked the
clerk for a bdttle of whisky, and the
latter becoming suspicious, called In
Patrolman Birdsall. As soon as Kelly
saw the officer he started to run, but
made the grievous mistake of turning
into a near by blind alley, where he
was captured.
Says Patrick Manning
Has Trifled With
Her Afiectiona
Harry Kelly Is Accused
of Having Swindled
• Many Grocers.
WIDOW M'GLYNN
SEEKS DAMAGES
GETS GOOD COIN
FOR BAD PAPER
9
MATBIMONIAL
COMEDY OF THE
THANKSGIVING
TUBKEY
You'll , Boar With Laughter at
This Story in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
AJVEBTISTTMTSUTS.
;O©©#eo©©eoe©oo©©cc3oo©e<j0©Go®©ooo©eo3»««eo
: &5.00 down
>&;irVWHI secure tha Weal CHRISTMAS PRESENT, balance payabl© $1.00 p«r wtek.
j We refer to th« 4
| GRAPHOPHONE.
' Columbia Gr&phopbones and records were awarded the 'Grand Prize at the Parts
t Exposition of 1900, and by the Grand Jury of the American people la»t year. UU«
I year, and bo long as Talking Machines «hall be made. Machines rang* «n prlc*
| from $3.60 to » ICO. In record* we furnish every kind of talking machine cylindrical
. record*. BLACK. HARD AND SMOOTH A3 EBONY. Fit any macMna ustng cylln-
[ drlcal records. .
i£5 CENTS EACHi
» THbc records. 7-ln...C0 cents; 10-ln.. $1.00; 14-ln. $2.00 each. Fit any talkSax
1 machine ustng flat dlso records. t
t For aala anywhere by dealers and by the
; COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.,
I Pioneers and leader* In the Talking Machlno art.
| San Francisco*«125 GEARY ST. Oakhnd-468 THIRTEENTH ST.
j OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.- -^,1 "
Wt^Tl A Sick Woman's Devotion to Duty is a Heroism which a Well Person Cannot Understand. ¦'$, Wl^^^
[iiL^V How distressing to see a woman struggling with her daily round of household duties, when her back and head are aching K and every /// l\\Jv^^^
ilfu >v One day the poor woman is wretched and utterly miserable; in a day or two she is better and laughs at her fears, thinking IIIIIIyMII
Ink iS ftiwJ there is nothing much the matter after all ; but before night the deadly backache reappears, the limbs tremble, the lips twitch U'Bmii^^^^&m If 1 Pffiwl
jlll U r*~_it seems as though all the imps of Satan were clutching her vitals ; she "goes to pieces " and is flat on her back. MflwS^&ill^^^^Mj W ilillllll
riL / No woman ought to arrive at this terrible state of misery, because these symptoms are a sure forerunner of womb troubles. She mWo^&^^J^^^^b^ I II fl ill
Wgd^ must remember that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is almost an infallible cure for all female ills, such as irregularity mMmm^^f * Mmm^ W V illBl
jlgfllk of periods, which cause weak stomach, sick headache, etc., displacements and inflammation of the womb, or any of the multitudes M/Mf//M/^^^ \ >^^^^R if' Ifl^MlM
fl§tlil| of illnesses which beset the female organism. Read how Mrs. Frake wrote to Mrs. Pinkham when she was in great trouble. M/Mtfm^^^S U I I CiliPli
pS: ; :!SKv\ "I have read of your medicine making bo many cures and have been «i cannot thank you enough for -what Lydia E. Pinkbam's Ve^cta- * llulliulwUlllfwik WjE^eSMrkh? V
fc^3^^1'' : | advised to write to you, but I feel that it is of no use. The doctor says bio Compound has done for me. Wlien I first wrote to you I had suffered l/t//M I III M ill 'IliWl! V *^^^^^4s§ \j| I
lilpipH that I have womb trouble, but he does not seem to help mo a great deal, for years. The doctor said I had congestion of the womb was troubled llmlUUI W 1 EL 8
ggyglgr very nervous, and am troubled with leucorrhoea. I am very weak, cannot own housework. I stopped doctoring with the physician and took your /^Jjj^ ! 9
yA ivalk any distance or stand long unless I ache all over. I would like to medicine, and am now able to do my own work, have no more backache or ll!J!//is!l!i!li!!tl!Mlli!^l!l^^^^^^^ MCwSBSfSEF^^^^-^i^Ff' "Ha
|3iji^?M >^^3 know if you think your medicine would do me any good."— Mrs. Samuel weakness across me, and can do all my own work. I cannot praise your /f {^TY^^^^ffjfjM^^^S IfSfl BMAN WHO WILL. DIRECT THE
BERKELEY FOOTBALL. TEAM
NEXT YEAR.
NEW YORK. Nov. 19.— Phil Daly Jr..
whose Indictment for running a gam
bling house was dismissed on Monday
has been again indicted on the same
charge.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 19.— The funeral of
R. D. Kinney, who died on Tuesday, took
place to-day, members of the Grand
Army attending:. -Deceased was S3 years
of age and was formerly prominent tn
mining circles tn Nevada.
John Sonogtfni. 912 Illinois jstreet, a
riveter at the Union Iron Works, was
Etruck on one of his legs by a crate of
iron yesterday.The bone was/ broken
above the knee. He was treated at the
Potrero Hospital.
Biveter Breaks His Leg.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday In the United States District
Court as follows: ' Saturn ino Celayeta
farmer. Stockton, liabilities $7350, no as
sets; Frederick"- A. Lasell. clerk and mer
chant. San Francisco, liabilities $3400.
no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
The pilot-boat Pathfinder, which returned to
port to-night, reports the Oer «hip Magdelene,
from Newcastle, England, outside, with a pilot
aboard. OCEAX STEAMERS.
KEW YORK — Arrived J*ov 19 — Stmr Patri
cia, from Hamburt, Boulogne ami Plymouth -l
stmr Carpathla. from Liverpool and Queen**
town. " ¦"•^
Stmr Corona. Eagles. 27 hours from Eureka.
M1SCELLA XEOU3.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. November 19
J. P. Gray and Perry French are at
tendants at the Marine Hospital and
occupy the same bedroom. Yesterday
Gray secured a warrant for French's
arrest on a charge of larceny. Gray
says that French left the hospital on
Wednesday, taking with him clothing
and other effects belonging to Gray of
the value of $50.
Accuses Koommate of Theft.
Judge Septimus J. Hanna. C. S n a
member of the Christian Science Board ot
Lectureship of the First Church otrhl/
Scientist, in Boston. Ma» . Jin ££ "i
fre» lecture on Christian Science !n tht
Alhambra Theater next Monday evenine l
November 23. under the auspices of , h I
local church of the denomination Prior
to taking up this work in Christian
Science. Judge Hanna was a successful
and honored member of the bar and beich
Jn the State of Colorado. For nearly
ten years he was the first reader of the
mother church In Boston, and the editor
of the official Christian Science periodi
cals, and is thus well qualified to speak
authortf atlvely on this subject. Judge
Hanna is making: a tour of Oie Pacific
coast and will lecture In all the principal
cities in California. As the purpose of
these lectures Is to give the public a true
view of the doctrine of Christian Science,
the lecture Monday evening will afford a
jrood opportunity to obtain reliable Infor
mation on a subject that Is attracting
considerable attention.
Christian Science Lecture.
J. S. Terry, a recent arrival from Tu
olumne County, died in a lodging-house
at 32 East street last Wednesday night,
evidently of consumption. Letters
among hJa effects show that h« came
from Jamestown. Tuolumne County, and
that his mother and sisters reside in
this city.
Sudden Death of J. S. Terry.
,* L °t? I 1 0N ' ,?° V - "-"tttekn won
the Derby gold cup at the Derby No
vember meeting to-day. James R.
Keene s Surbiton was second. Czardas
was third.
Derby Gold Cup for Littleton.
PROBABLE WINWEBS.
rirst race— Pure Dale, 'Arthur Bay,
Educate. , . .
Second race — Felipe lujo, Ananias,
Judge. , • .. .
Third race — Dr. Beraay>,' Prince
Blazes, I»ady Sent.
Fourth race — Princeas Titania, Albula,
Bchwalbo.
Fifth race— Bay Wonder, Mildred
Schultz, Albemarle.
Sixth race— Dorice, Dunsrannon, Anvil.
Sixth Race— Onn mile; Relllns:; all ages:
6325 St. Yuscf (Kentucky Stable), :...". 84
KJOtt »Iras (J. Strlte) • • JJ2
5308 'Anvil (Murray & Co.) l>2
(512r.)*ResiKned /(Blanch! & McGovern) . . . . . t*
(5331) *Dortce.(B. Schrelber) ......a .9
.... Dunsannon (J. T. Yeager) 81
rttlB Mnvictus (M. Gabriel) 102
5315 I - O -U (C. W. Chappelle) .107
•Apprentice allowance.
45!>8 Velma Clark (J. J. McAlester).. 105
Last Knight (M. Goldblatt) . . . : 118
(6.112) Step Around (F. Devin) : .....1(12
5327 Gibraltar. (D. S. McKcnzie) 105
5127 Nanon (F Polk) ™ 7
5316 Albemarlf (Mosier & Co.) 1W
(M78)Mar«sa (B. E. Dolan) 107
3681 Plan (W. Fisher) ....10j
4CS2 'Ballroom Belle (W. Murry) ........ 02
. . . . Bay Wonder (D. Newman) ...... .". . .103
6310 Mildred Schults \ (H.- J. .Wltson). . ... .108
The Servian Club of San Francisco
held its second annual ball last even
ing in Union Square Hall, on Post
street. In spite of the rain, a large
number attended and the dance lasted
until a late hour.
Servians Give Ball.
Miss Dwyer Wants a Warrant.
Miss Jean A. Dwyer, who was dis
missed from her position of acting
principal of the South End Primary
School on Wednesday for having ad
ministered excessive punishment to
Frank A. Dulgan, one of her pupils,
called at the District Attorney's office
yesterday and asked for a warrant for
the arrest of School Superintendent
Langdon on a charge of perjury. She
was advised to return with a copy of
the exact words she alleged to be un
true, and she said she would do so to
day., JSB
The exhibition of dogs, poultry and
pet stock to be he^Id in Mechanics* Pa
vilion during the first week of Decem
ber promises to be one of the most am
bitious shows ever held in the West.
The liveliest interest is being taken by
owners of fine stock of all kinds and a
representative entry is assured.
Interesting Exhibition Assured.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
held an auction yesterday at, the sales
rooms on California street. In spite
of the rainy weather the attendance
was good and the bidding was spirited
in some instances. Properties offered
were sold as follows: Lot on the east
line of Devisadero street, between
Green and Union, $3450; lot on the north
line of Green street, east from Devisa
dero, $2900; about three-fifths of the
block bounded by Carolina, . Seven
teenth, De Haro and Eighteenth
streets, $9500.
Considerable attention was attracted
by the sales in the block bounded by
Kansas, Nevada, Rhode Island and De
Haro streets. The lots fronting on
Kansas street brought $500 to $600 per
lot; lots fronting on Rhode Island
street, $250 to $400; lots fronting on Ne
vada street averaged $650 per lot; cor
ner of Kansas and Nevada streets, sold
at $050; corner of Nevada and. Rhode
Island streets, $850. .
The remaining lots fronting' on Ar
kansas, Connecticut, Missouri, Michi
gan, Texas and Nevada streets sold at
from $150 to $600 per lot The entire
sale footed up $47,025.- :.-
Von Rhein Real Estate Auction
Brings in a Total of $47,025
for Holdings.
MANY LOTS ARE SOLD
ON DROP OF THE HAMMER
Owing to an engagement which will
detain him in the East In connection
with the Catholic University Bishop
Conaty j will be unable to lecture on
December 9 for the Catholic societies'
McKinnon memorial, as was hoped.
The committee that has the matter in
hand expects to be able to announce
the lecture for some date after the
holidays. •
Prelate's Lecture Postponed.
The primary purpose of the new con
cern Is to acquire |Itle to the Mackay
property, at the corner of Market and
Fourth streets, which was recently sold
to a number of capitalists, who are
the principal stockholders In the com
pany formed yesterday.
. It was stated yesterday by Jesse W.
Lilienthal, attorney for the company,
that the latter has many other invest
ments under consideration, none of
which, however, have yet developed to
a point where they can be made public.
The Market Street Company, capital
ized for J3.000.000, filed articles of incor
poration yesterday. Its directors are
Leon Sloss, Paolo de Vecchi, E. R.
Lilienthal. C. F. Kohl. Mark L. Gerstle,
Otto H. Greenwald, G. H- Umbsen and
W. L. Gerstle. L, :.•;¦-.
ganize Prior to Effecting Im
portant Deal.
Purchasers of Mackay Property Or-
CAPITALISTS IN BIG
INVESTMENT COMPANY
"Bis" Mackey and Arthur Finns. May
or Metcalf says the fights will be pulled
off according to schedule.
FINDLAY, Ohio. Nov. 19.—Prosecut
ing Attorney David received a tele
gram to-day from Governor Xash in
structing him not to permit the prize
fights scheduled for Friday night be
tween Con Riley and Gus Ruhlin and
No Prize Fights in Ohio.
An attempt will be made to find a
suitable home for the unfortunate chil
dren, as their mother is not a fit guard
ian for them.
A sad case of cruelty and neglect on
the part of a drunken, heartless mother
was brought to the attention of the
police yesterday in a squalid and filthy
room at €20 Sixth street. The unnatural
woman is Mrs. Maggie Simmons, wlfa
of a teamster. She was locked up on
a charge of being drunk and her three
small children were given in charge of
the matron at the Emergency Hospital.
The youngest of the llttleones is but
7 months of age and the oldest of the
trio is hardly big enough to care for
herself, yet she has been looking after
the other two as best she could for two
weeks, during which time the mother
has been off on a prolonged spree.
Three Little Ones Are Found Amid
Squalor in a Sixth-Street
House.
INTOXICATED WOMAN '>,'
NEGLECTS CHILDREN
Yerlra_ Buena Lodge No. 15, Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows, celebrated
the fiftieth anniversary of Its existence
by a banquet' at the Merchants' Club
last Wednesday night. There were
present nearly 150 members of the
lodge and a few specially invited
guests. A fine arrangement of the flow
er strewn tables was added to by the
tasteful arrangement of many Ameri
can flags around the clubroom in proof
tit the membership's patriotism, follow
ing the idea rece'ntly adopted of dis
playing the national emblem at every
meeting., The supper, in deference to
the law bt the Sovereign Grano" Lodge,
was served without wine. Frank Knell,
the noble grand, presided as toastmas
ter. During the repast Janke's orches
tra' discoursed popular airs. After the
black coffee was served the toastmaster
called upon Davis- Louderback, past
grand master, to respond to "Our Na
tion." Mr. Louderback made an elo
quent talk upon the growth, power and
standing of the greatest nation of the
world, and predicted that ' the time is
not far distant when the United States
willbe supreme in- commerce and that
"she will be mistress of the seas." W.
H. Barnes, past grand master, respond
ed to the "Order of Odd Fellowship,"
and traced in beautiful language its
growth from a small lodge of black
smiths to a membership of 1,320,000,
with lodges in every part of the world.
The Knickerbocker male quartet ren
dered several selections. W. W. Wat-"
son, past grand master, responded to
"The Odd Fellows' Home." Charles F.
Delong, a member of the lodge, favored
with ballads. L. L." Alexander respond
ed to "The Grand Lodge." John Thomp
son, grand trustee of the home, spoke
in the\absence of John S. Reed, one of
the old-time members, on "Recollec
tions." William D. ' Keyston, past
grand, told "A few fairy tales," and
William G. Humphreys, past grand,
representing the younger element of
the order, responded to "Yerba Buena
Lodge." '•
The affair was successfully carried
out under the direction of U. S. G. Clif
ford, Lester E. James. Jo J. de Haven,
William R.'Dorr and Frank Knell.
ODD FELLOWS CELEBRATE
GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY
Yerba Buena Lodge, Now Fifty Years
of Age, Has a Wineless
Yesterday Detective Taylor took Ed
ward Bruno, a boy about 17 years of age,
from a shoe shop on Stockton street,
where he is employed, to the young girl,
as his description answered that given
by her, but she said he was not the
guilty person, for he had brown eyes.
Brune had Just served two terms In the
County Jail for battery, and Taylor dis
covered that" he had been away from the
shoe shop on Wednesday from noon till
2 o'clock. Th« assault was alleged to
have been committed between X and 2
o'clock. Brune served his terms for at
tempting to assault young girls. He vfas
not detained, owing to the girl's failure
to identify him.
The police are still working to learn
the name of the youth who, it is alleged,
enticed Adelaide Christensen, a domestic
employed at 1715 Broderick street, into a
vacant house at California and Baker
streets on Wednesday afternoon, and, at
the point of a revolver, attempted to as
sault her. —
Alleged Assailant of Miss Adelaide
Christensen Not Yet Dis
covered.
POLICE SEARCH FOR
YOTJTHFUX SCOUNDREIi
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles —
Carbuncle won, Tribes Hill second, Mas
terman third. Time, 1:59.
First race, six and a half furlongs —
Ortwells won. Champlain second, Rais
third. Time. 1:22 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Lord of the
Vallev won. Monster second, Graziola
third. Time, 1:16 2-3.
Third race, mile and forty yards —
River Pirate won. April Showers second.
Wild Thyme third. Time. 1:47 4-5.
fourth race, six furlongs — Golden
Drop won. Clear the Arena second, Briar
thorpe third. Time. 1:17 2-5.
Fifth race, mile' and fifty yards — Tre
pan won. The Guardsman second, Arden
third. Time, 1:49.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Benmora
won. Alfred C. second. First Attempt
third. Time. 1:15.
WASHINGTON, | Nov. 19. — Bennings
results:
First race, six furlongs — My Queen
won. Olonetz second, Little Em third.
Time. 1:16%.
Second race, six furlongs — Dynasty
won. One More second, Eva's Darling
third. Time. 1:10%.
Third race, seven furlongs — Proof
Reader won. Jack Ratlin second, Ben Ad
kins third. Time. 1:28.
Fourth race, mile and fifty yards —
The Goldflnder won. Jim Hale second,
Arachue third. Time, 1:44>4.
Fifth race, one mile — Joe Ross won,
Hosbon's Choice second, Seagraves third.
Time. 1:44.
finder at Lrfitonia.
- CINCINNATI, Nov. 19. — Latonia re
sults:
WINNETtS IN THE EAST.
Jim Hale Runs Second to The Gold-
Stolen bases — Wheeler. Smith. Van Buren.
Error? — Cravath. Eager, Freeman. Blake. Na
dcau Butlt-r Franc;?. Two-base hits — Dillon.
Hall' Thielnian. Shea. First base on balliJ —
Oft Hall 1, off McFarlan 5. Struck out— By
Hall 1 Left on bases — Portland 7, Loe An
geles 3 Double play — Thlelman to Freeman.
Hit by pitcher — McFarlan. Time of game —
1:30. Umpire— Buck Francks.
SUMMARY.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 19.— The Port
land men's poor fielding game and their
Inability to hit Hal! resulted In a vic
tory for Los Angeles to-day by the
score of 5 to 1. Los Angeles scored five
runs on as many hits, chiefly because
the visitors fumbled the ball miser
ably. McFarlan pitched good ball and
with proper support would have made
It a close score. Score:
Portland— i Los Angeles—
AB. R. H. T. A.I AB. R, H. P. A.
VBurn.cf 4 0 1 3 OHoy.cf... 3 0 12 0
Fremn.tb 4 0 0 12 0;Whelr.2b 3 10 0 3
Blake.:ib 4 0 0 2 0 Fmlth.Sb 4 0 0 1 5
And.in.2b 4 0 11 l: Dillon. lb 4 1 1 IB O
Nadeu.lf 2 0 0 0 0 Cravh.rf 2 O O 2 O
Butler.lf 2 0 11 ORoea.lf.. 4 1 1 2 O
Francls.s 3 0 0 1 CKaymd.s. 1 1 0 2 S
Thlmn.rf 4 113 1 1 Eager, c. 3 0 12 0
Shea.c!.. 4 0 2 0 2lHall,p... 3 110 1
MFarln.p 2 0014 — — — — —
Totals 2i 5 5 27 14
Totals 33 1 0 24 1 i
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 O 1 3 1 0 O 0 x— 5
Base hits 0 122000O x— 3
Portland 0 0 » 0 0 <> 1 * °— *
Baac hits 1 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 2-8
W. L. Pet. I VT. L. Pet.
L Angeles. 12!i 75 .«£7' Sacramento 9S 102 .490
Seattle «7 V2 .51S; Portland .. 01 10.1 .460
ban Fran.. 103 1WJ .40.1. Oakland .. 83 123 .40tJ
Angels Score an Easy Victory Over
the Portland Nine.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
FATL TO HIT PITCHER HALT..
Op*n stake, ninety-six entrlejt — Otto va. Bea
con: Gold Lily vs. Roulette: Brilliancy va.
Golden Rule; Idleness vs. Lord Goff; Rich Ar
gosy va. Orslna; Odd Eyes vs. Yankee Boy;
Wattles v»>. Belfast; Good Decision vs. Fice
Born; Laughing Water vs. Pure Pearl: Mies
Green vs. E>cn Pedro: Lucky Shamrock v».
Sllevenamon: Rural Artist v*. Eraw'j Hill;
Cremo vs. Roy Hugbie; Cl-Voefell vs. Llttla
Lucy; Pacing Billy vs. Lord Granard: Slakl
you' vs. Full Moon: Miss Wilson vs. Special;
Lily Wright vs. Rose Tree; The Referae vs.
Half Moon: Queen's Motto vs. Sofala: Vaa
Alba vs. Irvlngton Tralee; Flora Bell* vs.
Pepper Hill; Tobasco Bob vs. Money Musk;
Mark Twain vs. Margueritte: Intruder vb.
Loretta: McHenry vs. Young Johnny Rex: Bon
nie HuKhle vs. Doreen: Gunpowder vs. Rector:
Jerry Wright vb. Little Sister: Dorothy M vs.
Prometheus; Reta S vs. Equator: Colored Lady
vs. Linda Vista; Jimmy Anthony v»l Wedge
wood; Regal Attire vs. Our Motto: Lady Pinta
vs. Maid of the Glen; O«r Myra v«. Rock and,
Rve; Mountain Rose vs. Mountain Poet; Vik-
Ink vs. Firm Fellow; Fenii va. Beauty Gold;
Comlque vs. Northern Lad: Roxana v». Grern
Girl; Jins'.e Bells vs. Pasha Pleasant: F-alen
dine v.«. Lady Menlo; Cloverdale va. Concord
Boy; Little "Plunger vs. Haddlngfon: Youn«
Klamath v«. Homer Boy; Monbe'.U vs. Com
mercial Traveler; Progresso vs. Cubancla.
A S6-dog open stake will be the card
this week at Ingleside Coursing Park.
A 48-dog stake will be run on Thanks
giving day. The draw for this will be
held on Tuesday night at Pythian
Castle. The draw last night resulted
as follows:
Holiday Event Is Planned for
Thanksgiving Day on the
Coursing Field.
NINETY-SIX GREYHOUNDS
IN INGLESIDE STAKE
Corbett weighs about 134 pounds. He
says he has been a total abstainer for
three months, and looKs the part.
Corbett is to flsht Eddie Hanlon be
fqre the Hayes Valley Club next month.
There are two conditions he demands
before he signs the articles — the fight
must take place in Mechanic^' Pavilion
and he must receive c bonus of 10 per
cent, as he is the champion. He will
discuss these matters to-day with Man
ager Levy.
Young Corbett, the feather-weight
champion boxer, accompanied by Harry
"Weeden, arrived in this* city at an early
hour yesterday morning, fresh from his
Eastern triumphs.
The triD across the continent upset
ths little champion and he went to bed
at the Palace l^otel immediately upon
his arrival. * Dr. McGettigan was sum
moned and found his patient merely
suffering, from the shaking up he re
ceived ca the way out here. Simple
remedies and a few hours' rest restored
him to his normal condition.
Several speeches were made at the
meeting last evening. When the time
came to elect a captain Stroud received
the unanimous vote of his fellow play
ers for the position.
Stroud played center in last week's
game, and has still one more year in
which to play. He played center on the
Oakland High School team until he
graduated, after which he took the
same position on the freshman team at
Berkeley. He made the varsity last
year, and has an excellent record on
the gridiron.
At a meeting of the. members of the
University of California football team
in Zinkand's last evening Benjamin K.
Stroud was elected* captain of the
eleven for the coming year.
Center Rush Will. Succeed
Overall as Foo;bali
Captain.
Featherweight Champion Is
Indisposed After
Journey.
CHAMPION FEATHERWEIGHT ;
BOXER "WHO IS HERE TO
FIGHT HAXLOX.
OAKLAND BACKTRACK — THURSDAY.Nov., 19. — Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
5330. FIRST RACE — Six furlong*; belling; 3-year-olds and upward; value to first, $323.
Index j Horse and Owner. WtlSt. Y*- H- ?i- Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
0C5« I Alta G. 3 (Mrs. Hertz<-H) »*! 5 ... 3 n 3 n 1 1%1 % J. Lewis... 10 13
5313 I Flourish. 4 (S. Polk) 110| 8 ... ft Vi 4 2^4 n 2 1% Fell 15 13
5313 |Foul Play, C (J. Nichols) 90 2 .... 2 1^2 1^2 n 3 1 jChandlw .. 10 8
5X06 Toto Gratiot 3 (Barren) 102 3 ... 7 2 7 2',4<! 1(44 n IFerrell 4 4
4771 |Past Master. 3 (C. P. Fink).. 90 10 ... 8 2^8 iv.,7 1 . 5 h |J. T. Shehn 6 10
6312 JMenvan. 8 (J. J. McAllister). |10fl, 7 ... 5h6n6^6 14|I. Powell... 6 15
B2KJ |I)ug Martin 3 (V. Gilbert)... 10l| 9 ... 11 n 10 2 9 1 7 2 iHIldebrnd .10 15
(511rt)iAma!>a, a (Rowley & Co.)...l'**! 1 ... lh In 5 4 8 6 J. Martin.. 4 11-2
5:118 Achilles, 4 (McCabe <fc F.)... '02 11 ... (t 2 11 2 11 9 2 lU Spencer.. 20 20
G313 Nullah, a (G. McKenzle) 07 12 ...12 12 12 10 1 Kunr 8 10
5-US Cherries, 8 (Tatc & Co.) 1081 8 ... 10 1^9 %1<> 1 11 0 |J. Daly 6 11-2
16288 Martini Brady' 3 (Schreiber).. |l07| 4 : ... 1 ip h 8^12 |D. Hall..-.. 8 16
Time— :25. :50, 1:17. At post Vi minute. Off at 2:13^. AltaTpIace, 6; show, 3. Flourish,
place. 0; show, 3. Play, 5'now, 'i-'l. Winner, ch. I. by Nephew -tdllle W. Trained by
G. March. Start good. Won' In a drive of four. Winner got through on the rail.
Flourish a supposed warm one lo-day. H« did not run out on this particular occasion.
Gratiot outfooted. Too far for Amaga. Nullah had no speed. Kunz a poor excuse.
Cherries ran a cheap race. •
5331. SECOND RACE>— Five and a half furlonga; selling; two-year-olds; value first, |325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. jWtjSt. «i . »£. * t . Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
(5314) Dorlce m Srhr<>!N>r> 107 3 ... 12 12^13 1 2« D. Hall .. 3 2
531ft Anirad (Mrs J. ColTey) »» 2 ... 2 1>43 IVj-i Vt 2 iy> Foley 10 10
6303 Metlaka-tla (J. D Mlllln) ICO 4 ... 6n 4n 51 3h Chandler -• 7 1»
5319 Durbar (J. Curl) ft 04 7 ... 7»/4S5 til 4h Knapp 7-2 9-2
Avenger (J. F Schorr) M« 5 ... 5h8h 73 5n Reed 3 13-5
4078 The Cur* (W. Fisher) 1"5 1 ... 4 1 2 n 2 1 « 1H Adklns 8 8
5190 Ruvia (Garden City Stable).. 05 8 ... 3 1\J7 V, 8 3 7 h J. Lewis... 60 100
5319 M. Ringlets (T. G* Ferguson) 106 0 ... 8 10 3 % 4 V4 8 4 J. Martin.. 6 10
5314 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 107 0 ... 0 0 0 0 [W. Daly - 60 100
Time — :24>£ :52 1:10*4. At port 4'4 minutes. Off at 2:40%. Dorlce, place. 7-10; *how,
1-3. Anirad place.' 4; show, 2. Metlakatla show 8-5. Winner, br. f. by Bain-Jennie
McFarlane. TTalnod by W. Whalen. Scratched— Ethel Abbott, Charlie Schweizer. F.
E. Shaw. Start good. Won quite handily. Next three driving to the limit. " Hall on
Dorice slipped the others at the start. Anirad a f.iir one. Durbnr slow to g.'t away.
Avenger can do much better and will win about his next start. The Cure showed speed.
T.:::vz. THIHD. RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-oi<l8 and up; value to first, $325.
Index! Hcrse and Owner. WtfSt. \i. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
f.313 Matt Hocan, C (Magran;) 107) 2 ... 11^11^13 1 5 D. Hall.... 3-5 11-20
5061* Herendos, 5 (J. Gre»r.) |l00 3 ... 2n 2 3 2 2U2 y, Adk'ns 4 &
(5301) Laureatea a (J. IMter) 106 1 ... 3 2 3n 3 1>«.'J4 Donovan .. 20 2o
530G J&alntly. .-. tT. Crowe) I 91 5 ... 5 5 4 Vi 4 2 Heed 8 8
53(tt |Lit. Margaret, 3 (C. Young). . |100| 4 ... 45455 5 ChandlT .. 8 10
Time — :24y., :J8 ! )i, 1:15^. At post 1 minute. Oft at 3:16. Ilogan, place, 1-4: show, out.
Berendos. i>!act\ 4-5; show, out. Laureatea, show, '2. Winner, b. g. by Wagner-Miss
HlRht. Trained by W. P. Macra-ne. Scratched — Snark, My Surprise', Glenarvon,
Shrllmcunt. Rey Dare, Puss In Boots, Botany. GallOD for the winner. Bn-endos ran
hff race. Little Margaret died away jn the stretch.
Ttti'.Ui. FOURTH RACK — One mil* and ICO yards: selling; 4-year-olda & up; value first. $325.
Index j Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. Vi- V>- %• Str. Fin. J Jockey. I Op. Cl.
f.22T|Mlracle II. 4 (jTcurl) ]101| 3 4 2144 2 2 2 2 1^1 94 JKnapp ....| 8 5
5323 C.B.Campbell. 5 (S. G. Mort)..| !M>{ 4 In 11 11 I H23 [Foley 1 3 9-2
KCft iHorton. a (Bianchl & McC3ov).|100l 0 « 6 3 1%3 5 3 10 IFerrell ....! 1-2 7-10
519« iRoparie, 4 (C W, Chappell). .jlOfll 255S46 4n4 5 |Stuart 15 60
5313 ICMleno. G (Blasingame) I 06[ 5 "4 3 n 4 n 5 4 5 >i jCrofswatte 20 30
4H91 jH. Thatcher. 0 (Hastings). . . .11021 12^2 2V65 ft 0 6 [J. Lewis ... 15 20
Time — :25, :51>4, l:17»i, 1:45 >4i i:Bl%< At post 2',-fc minutes. Off at 3:37>/4. Miracle, place.
4-5; .«how, out. Campbell, place. 1: show. 1-4. Horton. show, out. Winner, ch. b. by
Miracle-Annie L. Trained by J. Curl. Scratched— Illowaho. Start good for all but
Horton. Won cleverly. Next two driving hard. Miracle was a cood horse to-day and
Knapp rod« a vigorous race. C. B. Campbell no excuse*. Horton swerved at start, los
ing several lengths. Ferrell closed the ground lost, going a sixteenth of a mile on the
back stretch. Thatcher not ready. Rosarle ian do better.
f>*3Jrr FIF^tT^R^Cc'E^Seve^TiruiriongsTsell'lng; 4-ypar-oldr. and up; value to first. $325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. \j. %. Str. Fin, j Jockey. | Op. Cl.
53cT!Cane]o. 6 (S. Judge) 103 3 2 1V.2 3 1 V ( 12 14 Ferrell .... 10 12
5:515 Galanthus. 5 (Mrs. Coffey) 10« 7 4;% 3 n¥3 I>i4 4 2 n Foley 3" 16-3
(5.'124) Loyal S. 5 (V. Gilbert) Ill 3 In In 2 4 2 3 3 2>4 I. Powell... 6 «
5201 Myrtle H. 4 (Mrs. II»rtzell). . . 100 2 6 2 5 % « 8 3^41 Kunz 15 40
5.122 iRollIck 5 (M. Jones) 103 1 « >4 « 4 5 n « 5 5 10 J. Martin.. 4-5 0-10
4688 Rose cf May. (Kirk & r €o.) 98 6 3 >4 4 1 4 1 5 n 0 J. Lrwis... 10 12
.... Monna. 5 (Raisin C. Stable)., llli 8 .7 2 7 4 7 20 7 ... Tullm .... CO CO
B31S jParslfal. 5 (J. D. Fitzgerald). 10.H 48 8 8 » . ... [Knapp 15 4(>
Time :24W3t;49 1:17. l:30V&. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:02»4. Cane o, place, 4; show.
8-5. Galanthus, place. 4-5; show. 2-5. Loyal S. show. 7-10. Winner, ch. m. by Royal
Flush-Lady Emma. Trained by S. Judge. Scratched — Teufol. Max Bendlx. Start good.
AVc.n easily. Next thrae driving hard. Last time. Canejo started Dugan rode her. She was
due to start something. Galanthus ran a fair race only. ?'vrtlc H <d!d wt-11 under poor
handling. Rollick sulked. Rose of Ma >lJ^J]^P r^y^^^^i"P- f^-^^
0335. SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, $323.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U- *i- %¦ Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(5.117) Hen MacDhui. 6 (P. Ryan)... 112 1 2 2tfl % 1 5 10 1 S^lAdklna ....I 1-2 9-20
4730 Bvron Rose 6 (R. Wilson). . .1109! 5 5 5 5 3 1 2 6 |R. Wileon.. 5 7
Arcade 3 ('W. B. Jennings). .I103J 4 3 .Ht:i r. 34 2 1%::i!4:.f. Martin.. I 10 1(»
5.117 Bill Maaaie, B (McAllister). .. |10»;i :t 4 2U4 2 42 42 48 I. Powell.. 3 1S-3
51S3 |Oro Viva. 3 (Ward & Klng)..j Ofij 2 In 2 SVjZ-U, 5 5 Kunz ] 15 RQ
Time :25VJ. :50 1:10, 1:45. At poet 1 mlnuute. OK at 4:C2H. Canejo. place. 4; show.
out Rose place, 8-5; show, out. Arcad*. show, 4-5. Winner, b. f. by Ben d'Or-
Sierra Madra. Trained by P. Ryan. Start bad. Won easing up. Next three driving.
Ben shook off Oro Viva and won by himself. ! Byron Rose was a war poorly and the
others dropped back to him. Arcade ran a creditable race. Bill Massle did not like
the footing.
Special cars will leave Fifth and Mar
ket streets between 7 and 8 o'clock for
Colma. The sale of seats has been large
and a good attendance is expected. The
building is in order. The lights were
turned on last night and the manage
ment is satisfied with the appearance
of the interior. Every spectator will
have a good view of the ring. The gal
lery is only thirty feet away from the
ring.
The lightweights are in splendid
shape and ought to put up a fast bat
tle. Canole is much cleverer than
Seiger and faster with his mitts. Canole
did not let himself out while training,
it is claimed, for fear the betting might
be Influenced. Some weak spot must
have been noted In his defense, as
shrewd sporting men see nothing to the
bout but Britt. The latter is in perfect
shape. The twenty rounds he went
with Seiger helped place him in condi
tion. Jimmy has worked out daily at
Croll's and is as fast as ever. His
hands and his injured foot are in per
fect order and he promises his friends
he will go the distance at a lively clip.
Britt will be seconded by* "Spider"
Kelly, Tim McGrath and Curtis Rich
ardson. Canole will have Alec Greg
gains as his chief adviser. George
Gardner may als&> go behind him.
Harry Foley and Dave Barry will be
in Canole's corner.
Ring-goers will Journey down to
Colma to-night to see Jimmy Britt and
Martin Canole battle twenty-five
rounds for what virtually means the
lightweight championship. Britt claims
the title, which Is held by Gans, and
he will do his best to uphold it. In
Canole he will find one of the best men
in his class. Eastern critics look upon
Martin as a clever boxer, and betting
men. basing their Judgment on reports
received from the East? will play
Canole at the odds which Byitt's friends
have made. The betting is 2 to L with
Britt favorite.
Jack Welch will referee the battle.
He was selected yesterday by the prin
cipals after a short parley. Canole
wanted Welch and Willie Britt quick
ly accepted him. Welch has not ref
ereed a fight in many months, but he
is a competent Judge of boxing.
Referee Eddie Graney has gone Into
training for the bout. Eddie expect!"
some strenuous work when the big fel
iowg get together and is taking no
chances.
The sale of seats continues large at
CorbetfE. There is every indication
that there v.ill be more than a ?20.000
house.
Fitz has got rid of his cold and now
feels like a two-year-old. He has been
playing a heavy tattoo on his punching
bag and starring partner for the last
two nnedca and the men are beginning
to feel the forc-e of Fitz's blows. Fitz
has had no trc-uble making weight and
in fact will so into the ring weighing
164 pound?.
Each day sees a large crowd of spec
tators at the two training camps. Fitz
works out daily at CrcHl's and Gardner
Is quartered at Larkspur. Gardner
E.till hammers away on Greggains' chest
protector and Alec is suffering despite
the protection. George looks as big as
a house ar.d his admirers say he will
loom up heavier and bigger than the
blacksmith.
Public opinion seems to be divided on
the merits of Fitzsimmons and Gard
ner. Both men have large followings
and •each' is picked to win. Many be
lieve that Gardners youth and strength
will aid him in beating the Cornish
man, while the friends of the latter say
Fitz is still there with the punch and if
he lands on Gardner the latter will be
sent into dreamland.
GARDNER AND FITZSUOIONS.
Public Opinion Seems Divided as to
Boxers' Merits.
Third class, preliminary round— E. F.
Leilich vs. J. B. Adams; F. C. Adams
vs. R. Drolla; G. Lytton vs. C. C. Sayre.
First round, upper half — A. H. Brabant
vs. J. R. Lewis; D. M. Lemon vs. J. R.
Ryan; B. McFarland vs. C. Coleman.
Lower half— J. M. Baker vs. winner of
Lytton-Sayre match; F. W. Skinner vs.
C. B. McDuffle; H. Gabriel vs. G. Ea
cret; H. E. Skinner vs. L. C. Bozarth.
Fourth class, preliminary round — D.
B. Catton vs. H. Getz; C. S. Skaggs vs.
L. Gunst; C. W. Hall vs. C. S. Quick;
S. Hamilton vs. W. H. Martin; W. S.
Stapff vs. M. Burdlck. First round,
upper half— E. Turner vs. S. Corn; G.
W. Burnett vs. R. H. Griffith: J. L.
Darus vs. J. R. Turner; J. W. Ulienthal
vs. L. S. Howell; H. Hellborn vs. V-*.
H. Murphy; E. C. Saul vs. winner of
Catton-Getz match. Lower half, first
round — W. R. Lovegrove vs. G. X.
Guerin; W. S. Howell vs. M. Edwards;
F. Wollenberg vs. L. Joseph: H. Mc-
Lane vs. C. W. Burrough; G. L. Hall
vs. M. Long; H. Hilp vs. F. W. Kern;
C. P. Pritchard vs. Frank Glynn.
First class, preliminary round — R. N.
"Whitney vs. G. K. Bates; William Al
len vs. J. A. Code. First round — H. E.
Routh vs. J. D. MacGavin; G. L. Baker
vs. winner of Whitney-Bates match; H.
Russell vs. winner of Code- Allen match;
C. J. Dunlap vs. C. Griffin.
Second class, preliminary round — C.
G. Kuehn vs. Miller Hotchkiss; H. Long
vs. F. N. Baker; G. Jones vs. C. Foley;
H. Mann vs. E. P. Finnegan: N. Am
brose vs. W. G. Finch. First round—
Marius Hotchkiss vs. winner of Kuenn-
Hotchkiss match; H. Rolfe vs. S. C.
Gayness.
A class singles tennis tournament
will be held on the public courts In
Golden Gate Park on Sunday, weather
permitting. The entry is a representa
tive one. The Hraw for positions was
held last night and resulted r.n follows:
Everything Is in Readiness
for the Britt-Canole En
gagement.
The Men Entered Are Divided
Into Pour Distinct
Classes.
Fifth Race— Futurity, course; selling;; four
year-olds and upward:
"»« D -' M«r^.~. (T. Wellman & Co.).. 107
....Ink (D. Lamasney) ............101
4692 Ishtar (A. Joseph) ......T.r.r.Tvrr... 03
Fourth Race — Six furlongs; handicap; three
year-olds and upward: •- •--•
S321 Muresca (M. D. Miller) ;...... ;.;... 96
<5286)Princera Titanla (C. Young) ...107
6309 Schwalbe (B. Schreiber) 100
(5321) AlbulaV (D.- Lamasney) I'. 115
Third Race — Mile and fifty yards; selling
four-year-olds and : upward:
4183 Dr. Bernays (W. Fisher) 104
f..'!2t Man of Honor (Hamilton & Co.).....ioi
Ml" Frank Wood* (Garden City Stable). .101
4614 Greenock (J. Woods) .........;...... 10?
5117 Major Hooker (Larsen & Co.) 101
.... Bright Moon (J. Gilfoy) .......... ....101
6."!0R Baccleuth (B/ Schrelber) '...104
5323 'Grand Sachenv (A.'?A. : Moran). 06
43S3 »Lady Kent (T. Wellman & Co.). ...102
532.1 Prince Blazes (E. Herz) ,.....'..;.-. ...101
0318 'Del Vista (G. S. McKenzle) ........ no
6330 Achilles (McCabe & Co.) ......-....:. 104
Second Race— Five furlongs; purse- two
year-olds: : ' - ,
KWT Padua (A. Joseph) 111
5.107 Military Man (T. O. Ferguson) ".'.'.'. 108
&314 Captain Foraee (Albemarle Stable) 1OS
5325 Instrument (J. J. McAllister) . 105
.VU4 Youns Pepper <F. J. ' O'Rourke) .. "105
6314 Sol Smith (J. Cooper) 'iaq
4509 Florlana Bell (M. Miller) V"l0">
.... Trivial (M. Greenberg) ....102
(5323)Ananias (J. F. Schorr Jr.) 'lOS
0314 Judge (M. J.^Daly) .. I Mill
6314 Felipe Lugo (E.J. Baldwin) "m
6319 Targette (J. S. Gibson) ...... 102
Starter Dick Dwyer was criticized for
the start that Byron Rose received, but if
owners put up inexperienced boys on their
horses they must look for accidents.
Fred Taral, Henry Spencer and^Eugene
Snedeker. American Jockeys who have
been riding in Europe, arrived, in New
York the other day. Taral's riding was
done over the tracks of Germany, Austria
and Hungary and he won 101 races out of
365 starts, which establishes a record In
those countries. ¦ l '>v> :
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY'S RACES
ye^ds^ruSr 1^ C ° Ur ~ : •*»"*; t*re«
(J787)Pure Dale (U Thomas) . lOfl
G312 Batldor (W. P. Fine) .I":" "'I* 9?
0316 'Picka way (A. Jackson) ' 02
«2& »"*?, Murphy (James ShWKH&Hflia
47M •Little Sister (P. Smith) a?
44!>tt •Handpress (W. P. Magrane) loo
6308 Arthur Ray (J. U cTayt^n) . . ! ! ! ! " 110
0049 Florinel II (H. w. Hoag) n?
630CI •Roltalre (J. L. Kirk) ..." 102
B1SO Jack Richelieu Jr. (E. Quick) "**"""lO7
6313 -Educate (C. W. ChappMle) ..." 97
5324 'Egg Noes (S. G. Morton) .. ....] "" io{
Amasa can negotiate the Futurity
course, but six furlongs is generally a
bit too far for him.
Jack Martin said that Rollick sulked
under him all the way. The gelding Is af
nicted with'a ringbone and this must be
taken into consideration.
Fred Edwards let his watch run down,
and when the horses were ready to Irave
the paddock for the third race, Botany
was an absentee. The judges ordered the
horse scratched and gave the ring twenty
minutes to make a new book. Edwards
was fined $25.
Pat Reagan, well known as assistant for
the late Starter Ferguson, Is in town
after a two years' spell of railroading in
Nevada. Pat did the starting one year at
Sacramento.
TRACK NOTES.
D. Hall keeps moving right along. He
added two more winning mounts to 'his
list yesterday.
Dugan, an Oregon product, rode
Canejo when she finished last in a race
on Saturday, but for some reason Fer
rell took a trick at the wh°el yester
day. A well-known professor of math
ematics has been engaged at an enor
mous salary to figure out how many
pounds better Ferrell is than Dugan,
and expects to have finished his task
by Thanksgiving day. Canejo took the
running away from Loyal S on the
back stretch and won in . stake-horse
fashion from Galanthus, the second
choice. Jtollick, the 9 to 10 favorite,
showed no speed.
There was no holding Ben MacDhui
in the concluding mile purse run. The
Ryan horse was held at odds of 9 to 20
and led from start to finish. Away
poorly Byron Rose managed to get the
place anyway, those in front of him
stopping almost to a walk. Arcade,
carrying the colors- of W. B. Jennings,
finished a fair third. s
Billy Magrane's shifty mudlark, Matt
Hogan, had nothing to beat in the third
number and splashed . home an easy
winner over Berendos. Three to five
was about the best price obtainable.
Laureatea took the show.
Foley slipped away in front with C.
B. Campbell, leading Miracle II into
the stretch. Down the back stretch
it did not take Ferrell any longer to
close up his ground lost at the start
than it does for a train brakeman to
slam a door. This left the favorite
nothing to finish on. "Big Bill" Knapp
furnished a vigorous ride on Miracle II.
which was played from S down to 5,
and at the end won cleverly from C.
B. Campbell. The favorite ran third,
three lengths farther back.
Twelve moderate selling platers lined
up in the opening six furlong sprint
and the Montana contingent tried to
make some noise with Flourish. They
ran their coin through the board on
the big bay at 15 to 1. In a drive Alta
G. another 15 to 1 shot, beat him out
almost a length. Foul Play finished
third and Toto Gratiot, the lukewarm
choice, fourth.
DORICE WINS ALL THE WAY.
Avenger, the speedy colt from the
Schorr stable, opened favorite for the
two-year-old scramble, 'out there
seemed a lack of action and from 2
the price went to 13 to 5. Barney
Schreiber's Dorice . was backed from
3 to 2, and ridden by D. Hall won all
the war. Anirad, a 10 to 1 chance
from the Coffey stable, disposed of
Metlakatla for the place. Avenger met
with many mishaps.
FOLEY IN FRONT.
Rain and mud are not conducive to
tiptop sport in the racing line, but at
that three riders managed to paddle
across the line first on favorites in the
betting yesterday at Oakland track.
Outsiders captured the other three
events. The downfall of Horton, at
7 to 10,' was a stagge.rine blow to the
backers of the Burns handicap winner
of a year ago. The card throughout
was only a fair one, but attracted the
usual crowd.
Horton, which ruled a top heavy
choice for the mile and 100 yard run,
appeared to stand out as one of the
real mellow ones to speculate on. He
no doubt would have won but for a
stunt of Ferrell's at the post. When
Dick Dwyer sprung the barrier Ferrell
in some manner let Horton swerve, los
ing several lengths.
Potrero Man Will Be in
the Ring To-Night
at Colma.
Park Tournament Gives
Promise of Fast
Play.
SELECT WELCH
FOR REFEREE
TENNIS EXPERTS
IN COMPETITION
SPORTING NEWS FROM THE TRACK AND THE BOXERS' TRAINING CAMPS
HORTON NO LONGER A PUBLIC IDOL,
AS HIS BEHAVIOR IS TOO ERRATIC
Swerves at the Start When an Odds-On Favorite and Finishes
Third— Three of the Choices at Oakland Win Purses— Dorice
Scores Again — Ben MacDhui Defeats a Very Moderate Field
THE CALL'S RACING- FORM CHART.
THE SAN FBAB CISCO CALL, FRIDAY. NOVEMBEIt 20. 1903.
BEN STROUD
IS ELECTED
BY PLAYERS
"CORBETT"
IS HERE TO
BOX HANLON
10
MATRIMONIAL
COMEDY OF THE
THANKSGIVING
TUBKEY
You'll Roar With Laughter at
This Story in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALLIMPERIAL, Nov. 19.— A series of
light earthquakes, beginning at 6:05
o'clock last evening) continued to-day.
There were five distinct shocks of short
duration during the twenty-four hours.
No damage resulted.
a small part or portion of that, busi
ness, but I think no sane citizen be
lieves that the time will ever come
again In California when hydraulic
mining will, be allowed to be resumed
on the conditions that prevailed when
it was in the strength' of its prosper
ity." 'HT-
Earthquakes in the South.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 19.— Senor Don
Gonzales de Quesada, the Cuban'Min
ister, to-day called upon Secretary Hay
regarding the application of United
States copyright laws to Cuban
authors. It was ascertained that al
though the document had not been
made public, President Roosevelt sev
eral days ago issued a proclamation in
which he announced the extension of
the American copyright laws to Cuban
authors.
Copyright Laws Extend to Cuba.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 19. — A tele
phone message from Laramie, Wyo..' says
the police this afternoon found in their
home here the bodies of Gus Olson, an
employe of the rolling-mill, his wife and
their two boys, aged 3 and 1 years re
spectively. Olson and the younger child
were dead and the others dying. It is
supposed that some time last night Olson
crushed the skulls of his family with a
hatchet and then shot himself twice with
a revolver and once with - a shotgun.
Olson is believed to have been insane.
FATHER KILLS FAMILY
IN FIT OF INSANITY
Wyoming Man Uses a Hatchet With
Terrible Effect and Then Com
mits Suicide. ''./•')
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 19.— Coroner" Mor
gan was (lalled to Escondido to-day
to investigate the death of W. A. Starr,
whose body was found this morning on
the ranch of Charles Reidy. So far
as can be learned here, Starr had been
left in charge. of the ranch while the
owner was In Los Angeles and
when Reidy returned last night he
ejected him because he was drunk.
Coroner Investigates a Death.
WASHINGTON, \ D. C. Nov. 19.—
Postofflce to be continued November 30
— California: Spririgville, Ventura coun
ty, superseded by rural free delivery,
mail goes to Oxnard. Postofflce es
tablished — California: Edward J. Blos
somfBlossom. . L/>* ,v(
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
California, Wilbur W. Ayres, High
Grove, Riverside county, vice A. E.
MacBeath, resigned; Frank C. Pinriell,
Lodge, Fresno county, vice Silas Ruth,
resigned.
Washington: Emerson P. Williams,
Hussum, Klickatat county, vice C.L.
Gregory, resigned.
Army orders: Captain William
Weigel, • quartermaster, ' now at San
Francisco, is ordered to Fort Sheridan,
Illinois. Captain George W. Ruthers,
commissary, now at San Francisco, Is
assigned to duty as chief .commissary
of the Department of . California, re
lieving Major Charles R. Krauthoff.
Several. Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and Army Or
ders Issued.\
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
• SACRAMENTO, Nov. 19.— The Text
book Committee of the State Board of
Education, which Is composed of Gov
ernor Pardee. Superintendent of Public
Instruction T. J. KlrK and Professor
E. E. Brown of the University of Cali
fornia, held a meeting this afternoon.
It was decided that befqre accepting
any plates for the publication of text
books the text should be read, by an
examiner appointed by the committee.
It was thought the committee might
select a new geography for the public
schools to-day, but Superintendent
Kirk stated It was doubtful if any such
action would be taken.
Matter of School Reading Discussed
by State Authorities at
Sacramento. -;•": ;
TEXT-BOOK COMMITTEE
MAY MAKE CHANGES
The decision will be eagerly awaited,
not only by those financially interested,
but by the legal luminaries of two con
tinents. The Katz- Walkinshaw suit
jt now known as "the percolation case"
end the Supreme Court strives vainly
to solve it. So deeply are the Justices
engaged that no ether opinion has been
handed down for. several days.
When the case came up for a hearing
in bank various attorneys appeared for
.scores of interested parties. After
ward, when the court had ordered the
case submitted, briefs of great number,
length and wisdom were filed. Inas
much as the geological savants are un
able to explain exactly how fluids pass
to and fro beneath the surface, of the
earth. It may be evident that the Jus
tices of the Supreme Court of Califor
nia have a right to puzzle over the an
swer to the question of ownership of
subterranean matter which is not sta
tionary- . Outside of the dispute over
the oil and water phases of the ques
tion, the mining men are . wondering
about detritus.
A petition for a rehearing was filed
in the Supreme Court within the time
allowed by lav.-. In this document the
question of percolation was the vital
point. The Supreme Court Immediately
decided to reconsider. That was more
than a year ago.
Could some one in Kings County
commence suit agrainst the fellow who
was erecting ia derrick in Sonoma? ; If
a man owned land beneath which was
a wealth of oil, should he not have a
right to get some of it? Perhaps the
neighbor who had bored the first well
had merely struck a branch of the
first man's deposit of petroleum. If the
.frst person who tapped an under
¦fround river owned the entire supply,
wouJd not the same argument apply to
the possession of the oil flowing in
tiny Ktreamlets through the terrestrial
crust?.
The owners of oil producing proper
ties became excited when they were
apprised of the decision of the Su
preme Court. They began asking one
another who had tapped other people's
eubterranean reservoirs of petroleum.
Could the pentleman who first dropped
his drill through the enveloping strata
claim all the oil in Kern County?
OIL MEN ARE ALARMED
-Justice Temple, then a member of the
Supreme Court, went to work on the
tangle and at last produced an opinion
which Justices McFarland, Van Dyke,
Harrison and Henshaw and Chief Jus
tice Beatty signed In token of assent.
It was declared that the trial court
had erred in granting a non-suit and
•that Mrs?. Katz had some merit in her
contentions. A new trial was ordered.
The case would have gone back to the
Superior Court for a retrial, but a new
difficulty arose.
The matter was finally referred to
4he courts for adjudication. The case
was hastily passed up to the Supreme
Court. There were all sorts of water
cases on record. There were dozens of
irrigation suits, riparian rights suits
and drainage 6uits, but when it came
to subterranean rivers the law was as
unproductive of Information as the
wastes of San Bernardino County are
of mangoes.
When Mrs. Walklnshaw's artesian
well commenced to be productive the
water supply in the Katz well began
to fall short. Mrs. Katz alleged that
Mrs. Walkinshaw had tapped her sub
marine river. Mrs. Walkinshaw alleged
that she owned whatever of the under
ground stream might be on her own
property. The ladies could not seem to
come to a mutual decision as to what
were their respective rights. Each ac
knowledged the claim of the other to a
portion of the earth, but both were in
doubt as to the ownership of the waters
under the earth.
In the present case two score of Cal
ifornia's eminent jurists have been en
gaged In the preparation of arguments.
Thousands of the State's capitalists are
Interested in the settlement of the dis
pute; and the Supreme Court sits medi
tatively knitting its brows.
It all had a small beginning down in
San Bernardino County. Leah J. Katz
was the owner of an artesian well.
Slargaret D. Walkinshaw, who was the
possessor of property adjoining that on
which the artesian well was located,
approved of this method, by which
water could be so easily secured, and
determined to emulate her neighbor'^
example. A well was bored In mother
earth and eventually Mrs. Walkinshaw
was setting daily a generous supply of
the original natural liquid.
TSOXJBLE ARISES.
The Justices of the Supreme Court of
tills State are puzzling over what is
eaJd to be the most perplexing problem
ever presented to an American tribunal.
The case is absolutely unique In the
history of the jurisprudence of the
United States. There is apparently no
authority for a decision in behalf of
either of the litigants.
The members of the State's court of
f.nal appeal have pulled down all the
dusty old tomes from the top shelves
in a vain endeavor to secure some light
on the subject over which they study.
"Draconian law, Roman law, English
law and "the law of the other civilized
Countries appear to be barren of in
formation which would tend to eluci
date the question. The Justices would
Cclve further into the Jurisprudence of
antiquity, but even Solomon's decisions
are not a matter of record, to say
nothing of what happened in the tri
bunals of the eras of mystery and
doubt which preceded the dawn of his
tory.
Ownership cf State's Subterranean
Aqueous and Mineral Deposits Is
Involved in an "Unprece
dented Case.
Southern California Water
. Suit Assumes Great Im
portance.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 19.— With
whistles blowing to give warning of
her approach, the coast liner Geo. W.
Elder, in tow of the Ocklahama, crash
ed into the river steamer Kellogg late
this afternoon.
The Elder was being moved -from the
dock of'the -Willamette Iron and Steel
Works, where she had anew foremast
installed. Before passing through the
draw of the steel bridge the Kellogg
was noticed lying aty the south* end of
the Ains worth dockland 'the Elder's
whistle -was "blown for 'her to get out
of the way. "¦
The steamer Northwest' was moored
at the Bame dock,' just- below the Kel
logg, and it was impossible for her to
move" downstream. The Elder and her
big escort were carried on .the current
at a rapid pace- and the steamer In
front of them was caught in a trap.
The Elder crashed into her, splintering
the Kellogg's wheelhouse.
The Ocklahama managed to back oft
with her tow, but In doing so she threw
the Elder over against the pilling be
neath the bridge. No damage resulted
from this further than the breaking In
two of a city water main.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 19.— No doubt
now exists that the wonderful natural
gallery found several weeks ago at the
north end of Gabriola Island in Van
couver harbor is the cave described as
Malaspina's "gallery" in the Spanish
prints of over a century ago.
British Columbians familiar with
these old Spanish records have often
wonder\d if such a gallery as that de
scribedoy Malaspina ever existed. A
pleasure party last month came across
the cave in question. by. accident. The
gallery was found to be a. large cave
cut out of solid sandstone rock by the
action of the waves . driven by strong
north winds. The records at Nanaimo
and Victoria clearly indicated that the
discovery was none other than' the gal
lery described in Malaspina's records.
Professor Davidson of Stanford Uni
versity now writes to friends at Na
naimo, Inclosing a copy of the old
Spanish picture of Malaspina's gallery,
which corresponds in detail to the cav«
recently found. Professor Davidson
writes:
"Malaspina himself was never in
those waters, but under his commis
sion when he 'had gone to the Philip
pine Islands there were two vessels sur
veying at Burrard Inlet. Vancouver
came across them June 30, 1792, and
was entertained by them."
Special Dispatch to The- CalL
Tells Why Government Will
Not Appropriate Big
Sum: ...
Wheelhouse of the Kellogg
Damaged and Water
Main Broken.
Supreme Court Justices
Get No Aid Prom
History.
Famous Cave in Vancouver
Harbor Enlivens
History.
K. W. Burton is a bad actor when he
has assimilated an unwonted amount
of the kind of liquid that is handed out
by the bartender of a combined saloon
and grocery store. This much
he admitted to Judge Cabaniss
yesterday. But there was other
evidence to sustain his claim that when
he eschewed the allurements of the
bartender he was a capable mechanic
and followed his work sedulously.
The testimony went to show that he
entered the saloon and grocery of Os
car Shoenfeld on Fulton street and be
cause the Martini cocktail he ordered
was not "dry" sufficiently to satisfy
his taste he rendered the establishment
a discouraging wreck. One plate glass
window, valued at $50, was kicked
out In fragments on the street, the
crockery on the lunch counter was
ground up into an , Indistinguishable
mass with the crackers and bologna,
and the scales on which the ordinary
disbursements of the grocery were
made to the customers were rendered
Inoperative.
Other -things might have happened
from Burton's outburst, but the "' pro
prietor got a bung starter into action
and temporarily put him Into a state
of desuetude. When he recovered he
• ¦•¦- • •
At present she is running a candy
store at 24 Hayes street. The officials
of the gas company have had trouble
with her before and it was only after
they had forced their way into her
place of business and taken out the
meter' that "she condescended to visit
the office and pay down the money
which she is accused of having subse
quently grabbed up after she had been
furnished with her receipt. The argu
ments in the case will be heard this
morning.
The examination of trial jurors was
conducted on lines never before Intro
duced into legal procedure. The de
fendant wanted all married men and
exhausted all her peremptory chal
lenges either in fancied complaints
against the prospective jurors or be
cause they were not married and had
no families to feel the exactions of the
gas company.
The woman has a long record In
the police and other courts. As a
young woman she was the wife
of a man named Gibson, by whom she
has a son 15 years of age. who testi
fied that he accompanied his mother
to the office of the gas company and
5=aw nothing that would indicate that
she was in trouble. ' A pretty little girl
who was born "to her fotfr years after
the son was also a witness. She knew
nothing material about the occurrence.
She was the pathetic figure of the trial.
After she had been questioned she went
into the corridor and cried her little
heart out. She was becomingly gowned
in a sailor suit and showed every evi
dence of a careful mother's care. Big
hearted policemen and the attaches of
the Hall of Justice hovered over her.
trying to stop her tears. "They want
to send my mamma to jail and she is
the only friend I ever had." was all the
explanation she could make.
When the case was finally adjourned
the mother sought a rear seat in the
courtroom and quietly i nto a
valise she carried. The little girl
found her thus and broke down a^ain.
-Oh, mamma, you're not going to cry,
are you?" she sobbed, as she threw
herself into her mother's arms. The
mother recovered herself instantly and
carried the weeping child tenderly out
of the courtroom. - v i. ; ' -i
The mother has a remarkable record.
After she was divorced from Gibson
she was married to an engraver named
Cunningham, who claimed that she
substituted the little girl who w as a
witness in the case as a child ofi nis.
He maintained that the real baby* was
a boy and had died. On the showing
he made he was granted a divorce.
Next she married a man named Judd
Trove, who runs a livery stable at
Mission and Twenty-second streets.
He claimed that she nearly ruined him
and he obtained a divorce from her.
Two years ago, when she ran a candy
Ftore out on Valencia street, she shot
three times at a policeman named
Brown, who tried to arrest her for dis
turbing the peace of the neighbors.
According to the testimony of the
office force of the gas company, the
woman persistently refused to return
the money and made insulting remarks
to several of tha force when they tried
to coax her back to reason. The de
fendant, bright-eyed and glowing, fol
lowed the witnesses with cross-ques
tioning so persistently that she had to
be warned several times against con
tempt of court. In such cases she ac
cused Judge Mogan or unfairness and
he was finally compelled to fine her $20
for violations of respect. The fine was
Imposed more as a deterrent than a
penalty and will probably never go Into
the record.
It was a caee of a woman against
the gas company yesterday that oc
cupied Judge Mogan. From 11 o'clock
In the morning until the twilight fell
he battled with his conviction that the
defendant, who gave her name as
Laura Trevor, should be committed for
contempt, but he managed to last out
until the closing Hours of the court,
and the woman went, free until this
morning, when argument in the case
will be heard. ;;',V T
The defendant Is something of- a re
markable woman in her way. which she
evinced early In the proceedings. She
Insisted on being her own attorney,
against the advice of Judge ; Mogan.
During the morning and afternoon ses
sions, through which * the ! case lasted,
all the colleagues of the able . Jurist
wandered in, and took fronf seats to
watch his discomfiture. Between his
desire. to be courteous and a determina
tion to maintain the dignity of his
court ho had a hard battle. The. wom
an was accused of the larceny of $3
from the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company. Many of the office force
sustained the allegation- of the- com
plaining witness, Robert Bowman, who
Is cashier for the company. He said
that on August 27 the woman came
there and asked for her gas bill. She
was given it by one of the bookkeepers
and, taking it to the cashier's desk,
put down $3, which the bill called tpr.
He allowed the money to remain on
his desk while he made out the receipt.
After he had made his entries and
handed the receipted bill to the de
fendant Bhe crabbed the money and
thereafter refused to return either.
Senator Robert T. Devlin of Sacra
mento, attorney for the Anti-Debris As
sociation, attempted to correct certain
alleged inaccuracies. made by speakers
during the heat of debate at the min
ers' convention on Wednesday last, but
the privilege of the floor was denied
him. 'Mr. Devlin attended th'e session
to hear the discussion on the resolution
requesting Congress to expend $500,000
under the direction of the California
Debris Commission for the purpose of
constructing impounding dams.
In discussing the matter last evening
Senator Devlin spoke as follows:
"I dropped in accidentally to listen to
the proceedings of the miners' conven
tion, and arrived just as Mr. Ralston
began his speech. There were certain
statements made by him that were in
accurate, and I thought the Miners'
Association would desire to know what
the facts were. With that object I rose
to ask the privilege of addressing the
body so as to set them Tight on these
points' but Senator Voorheis moved
the previous question. I tried to obtain
permission when the chairman put the
previous question, and after- the motion
had been decided asked the privilege
of saying a few words upon the subject,
stating that I was not a member of
the association, but as some statements
had been made that were erroneous I
presumed the association desired to
know the exact truth. This permission
was refused, and as they did not desire
to hear the other side I left, as I had
no daBlre to hinder them in their work.
HOW THEY ERRED.
"In the* first place, it was, stated that
the Anti-Debris Association had used
the Miners' Association In securing the
appropriations for building a dam on
the Yuba River, and now the Miners'
Association has found that such dams
would do them no good. The fact is
that the Hon. Tirey L. Ford went to
Washington as the representative of
the Miners' Association to secure the
passage of a bill appropiiating $l,"025,000
for the erection of dams for mining
purposes. He was very plainly told,
however, by several members of Con
gress that the United States Govern
ment would refuse to appropriate one
dollar for hydraulic mining or any oth
er private interest, and the only way
in which such an appropriation could
be secured was by the insertion of a
clause in the river and harbor bill on
the theory that the dams would im
prove the rivers by holding back the
debris- already, lodged therein by the
miners by hydraulic mining operations.
"We of the Sacramento Valley recog
nized. that the ejection of these dams
would be useful *o us in holding back
that "debris, provided hydraulic miners
should not be allowed to resume opera
tions, and Joined in securing appropria
tions for that purpose. The miners then
had the hope that they some day would
be able to obtain permission to resume
hydraulic mining. If they have given
up that hope— and if they are wise they
will do so— that is their business, and
not ours.
ANOTHER ERROR CORRECTED.
"Again it was charged that the Anti-
Debris Association raised technicali
ties in court against permits issued by
the California Debris Commission. The
truth is that as attorney for the Anti-
Debris Association I agreed, in the case
of the county of Sutter against Jerry
Goodwin and others, to have the effect
of a permit passed on by the courts,
but when we came to trial the miners
withdrew all allegations relating to
such permit and the matter was not
before the court. In a later case, which
I conducted as attorney for the Anti-
Debris Association against the Polar
Star mine, the permit in effect was de
fective, but I stipulated that I would
take advantage of no defect and would
agree that it was a good permit, so as
to bring the question clearly before the
court. The miners said they desired
the courts to pass on the matter and
I did everything in my power to facil
itate the decision. The matter was
heard before Judge Davis of Yuba and
he. decided the mining company was
doing injury and they could not hide
behind a permit. They wished to ap
peal the case to the Supreme Court,
they said, but they failed to do so, and
I am only too anxious that they should,
bo that the matter shall be adjudicated
before the courts of last resort.
AS TO MINERS' DEEDS.
"Something was said about' compel
ling the miners to make a deed of their
mines to the Government to secure a
permit from the - California ipebris
Commission. This provision was in
serted by the miners themselves so as
to confer ostensible jurisdiction - upon
the United States Government. When
ever they wish we will consent that
they may strike that clause out of the
law. ¦ : • .
"Relative to suits brought by the
Anti-Debris Association, we have . no
power excetft that which any other
citizen has,, of applying to the courts
for relief and the grievance of the hy
draulic miners is not against us. but
against the laws of the land. If the
law does not justify us in the suits we
will not Judgment, and their
proposition practically amounts to; a
declaration that the people of-the val
ley must lie by and see:their property
destroyed without resorting to the
courts for protection. The truth in a
nutshell is that; many hydraulic min
ers caro nothing what injury they do
so long as their profit Is secured.
HYDRAULIC MINING 0PP033D.
"The Anti-Debris Association is- not
opposed to any other kind of mining
than 1 hydraylic and is only . opposed ¦ to
hydraulic when it does injury. It
would be. only : too. glad to, see some
mode devised whereby ; hydraulic ; min
ing could , be 'conducted without injury
to the navigable rivers of the State,
but it regrets to say that in many.: in
stances the miners are unwilling to in
cur the expense : that the erection '¦ of
works to. completely restrain their de
bris would ¦ Incur.', ;'-» .
•'The mining: interests of California
are large arid hydraulic mining is only
Judge Fritz issued an attachment
yesterday against the person of Robert
W. Mitchell because he refused per
sistently to appear in court to prose
cute David Baird. He had the defend
ant arrested some weeks ago on the
charge of assaulting him with a dead
ly weaDon. Youns Baird is "a some
what notorious character who inherited
a large amount from his father's estate
and has since then been going the pace
that kills. On the charge on which he
was arrested he was/4ccused of forcing
Mitchell, who is the general agent on
the Pacific Coast of the New York Life
Insurance Company, to drink with him
at the Rubs House bar. Subsequently
Baird fired a bullet through the door
of the barroom and was . convicted of
discharging firearms within the' city
limits. Judge Fritz wants Mitchell to
prosecute, the other charge: or give
some legitimate reason for dropping it
Johanna Mahoney was allowed to go
at liberty on Monday by Judge Fritz
on condition that she would appear
each day in the week in a sober state.
The allowance was fringed around by
certain conditions that she would get
six months in the County Jail, "pro
vided she broke her contract. Yester
day she tumbled into Judge Conlan's
court in a painful state of inebriety,
with an additional charge of petty lar
ceny against her. Some woman friend
had found her wandering the streets
and had taken her to a room. She
evinced her gratitude by awakening
early in the morning arid decamping
with a bundle of clothes belonging to
her benefactress, which she sold to a
second-hand dealer and spent' the
money for liquor. Miss Mahoney; will
spend nine months in the County Jail
in consequence of her indiscretion.
Jose Raymond is a Mexican carpen
dav SO Hl e T, JUd * e Cabanlss ye*£
tll\ S Wlfe had hIm arrested for
breaking up the crockery of the house
hold a few nights ago. She testified
through an. interpreter that a few
evenings ago he gathered a gang of
rowdies and brought them beneath the
family roof tree at 912 Vallejo street.
A Jug of wine and thou" made all
the trouble. Senora Raymond tore up
a family album of her husband's rela
tives that he modestly valued at $40
Then he threw the stove at the china
closet, put the dog in the fireplace, gave
the bed a cold bath and went forth
into the night to seek more congenial
company than the wife of his bosom
She had him arrested and they fought
it out before Judge Cabanlss. Jose was
paroled for thirty days, with the un
derstanding, laboriously pumped Into
him through a Spanish interpreter, that
he must not further demolish his house
hold goods which have been acquired
by the Joint 1 labors of husband and wife.
Harry Harnish will have to find two
people willing to go his security for
J2000 before he; again walks the way of
fiee men. He was bound over yester
day, by Judge- Conlan to the Sdperibr
Court on the charge of burglary. Foi
merly he was employed as a clerk in
the drug store of G. W. Burnett and
on the night of November 13 he was
caught coming out of the store with a
number of telephone slugs and nickels
in his possession. Investigation de
veloped a rifled telephone box. The
proprietor testified to the fact that his
Place had been entered frequently and
small articles stolen. He said he had
discharged Harnish some time before
the arrest, but that the latter had
never returned his key to the front
door _ The key was found on Harnish
nhen he was arrested.
• ... • •
John O'Brien found himself without
money or credit a few nights ago and
with a thirst that would brook no de
lay. Accordingly he accosted Theodore
Dish, fresh from a career on the salt
seas, and demanded money. Dish had
a lone $5 piece in his pocket as the re
sult of a voyage to the Arctic looking
for whales and he wanted to keep it.
O'Brien took it away from him. The
hold-up occurred at Third and Market
streets, and as the robber sprinted
away with his booty he was followed
by Policeman Jack Tillman and two
citizens, who overhauled him. The ex
torted gold was found in O'Brien's
pocket and Judge Conlan held him yes
terday in $3000 bonds to answer to the
Superior Court on the charge of rob
bery.
P. J. Hastings was bound over to the
Superior Court yesterday by Judge
Conlan on the charge of assault with
intent to commit murder. According
to the defendant's story, he engaged
apartments at a' lodging-house at 32
East street, where Joseph Davis, the
complaining witness, occupies the
exalted position of night clerk. Hast
ings 6ays he was called upon to pay
60 cents for his room and when he
arose in the morning he ascertained
that the regular charge for such ac
commodations was 15 cents. In an ef
fort to recover the differential he tried
to scalp the night clerk with a case
knife he had in his possession. This
hasty method of redress may mean a
term in the penitentiary for him.
Charles Taylor, who looks like a
Jamaica "nigger," was convicted on
general principles yesterday in Judge
Conlan's court. The specific charge
against him was exhibiting a deadly
weapon. The testimony showed 1 " that
he invited his Honolulu lady at a Pa
clflc-street dance hall to go to supper
with him. She didn't really want to ac
company him, but he drew a razor and
displayed such possibilities with It that
she got her wraps and went along.
When she passed a policeman she broke
away and called the officer's attention
to her peril. The weapon was recover
ed from the sidewalk and the insistent
hospitaler lodged in Jail. Judge Con-
Ian thought that sirch strenuous invita
tions to a little supper for two should
be abrogated and Taylor will probably
spend some months at a resort where
meals are offered regularly in a more
seemly manner,
was in the warm arms of Justice and
hugged up tightly.
Ju^ge Cabaniss was inclined to take
a lenient view of the matter and after
all financial claims had been adjusted
satisfactorily he allowed the eruptive
defendant to seek his employment
dgam under a promise to avoid vol
canic lmblblngs in the future.
Geo. W. Elder Smashes
Into a Vessel at
Stanford Professor Tells
of Malaspina's ' Gal-
Attorney for Anti-Debris
Association Gives
Views.
Judge Mogan Has Lively Time With Laura Trevor, Who
Insists on Being Her Own Counsel in Petty Larceny
Case Prosecuted by the Gas Company— Police Items
LABOR OVER
PERPLEXING
LAW POINTS
COAST STEAMER
HAS COLLISION
RECORDS PROVE
THE DISCOVERY
DEVLIN MAKES
CORRECTIONS
WOMAN NARROWLY ESCAPES
A CONTEMPT COMMITMENT
THE SAN TRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
VENTURA. Nov. 19.— George E.
Handley, 23 years old, employed In a
restaurant, committed suicide In a sen
sational manner in a saloon to-day.
Whlle^standlng before the bar he pulled
a revoTVer from his pocket, fired a bul
let into his left temple and fell dead.
Papers In his pockets show receipts
from an A. O. U. W. lodge at Grafton,
"W. Va.
Kills Himself in a Saloon.
In Bush to Escape- From Fire Two
Are Killed and Many-
Injured.
SANTA FE. N. M.. Nov. 13.— In a
panic In the Roman Catholic church at
La Punota, Rio Arriba County, caused
by a wax taper setting fire to the altar
trimmings, two children were tram
pled to death and fifty adults were
hurt, having ribs and ankles broken or
otherwise injured. The priest remained
at the burning altar and succeeded In
allaying the panic after the first rush.
PANIC IN A CHURCH
HAS FATAL ENDING
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 19.— Twelve of the
fourteen Chinese arrested last week
after they had come across the Mexican
line from Lower California have been
ordered deported and the remaining
two will be before the Commissioner
on Saturday. -
Eleven of the contrabands were tak
en away from their tour Mexican
guides by Chinese Inspector John Can
field and ' Constable Murphy after a
battle in which twelve shots were ex
changed in the darkness. The four
Mexicans got away and flveor six of
the Chinese, tnree of whom have since
been brought in.
Two cf the Mexican guides got across .
the line, but the other two stayed on
this side because they are wanted
there as badly as they are wanted on
this side of the line and would be more
quickly arrested and more severely
dealt with If caught.
The entire band of contrabands will
be started for San Francisco and rhe
Client early next week.
Special Dispatch to The C*iL
Prisons Below the Border
Await Violators of
the Law.
Predicament.
Custodians of Contra
band Chinese in a
GUILTY GUIDES
FEAR MEXICANS
11
THANKSGIVING OF THE
PLUMBER AND
THE BTJRGLAB.
BY OCTAVE THANET.
Strangest Story Ton Ever Heard
of in tha
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
ADV2BTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS- CONDITION AND AFFAIRS ;
OF THE —OF THE
AssuranceCompany National Standard
OF AMERICA INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF C\T NEW YORK. IN THE STATE Q£ NEW
VeW York, on the 31st day of December, vrion^ O n the 31st day of December. A, D.
A D 1002, and for the year ending on that 1902 and for the year ending on that day. as
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
of the State of California, pursuant to the stat« of California, pursuant to the provisions
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Pont- of sections 610 and Bll of tha Political Code,
ical Code, condensed as per blank furnished condensed as per blank furnished by the Cora-
by the Commissioner. mlssioner:
CAPITAL. CAPITAL.
A r u c n a ga f .? a . D .'. ta ?.. St . (X . k -. P .!' d .. PP^co.oco oo A "&h rf ..fy??.?.^.??!?..?mcojH ! a
ASSETS. ~ ASSETS.
r, -km !,«? i-a'm. nf nil Stocks and Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
C^nf r^eYby e ||ggg ?S2g}H £ o B gB JU owned j£«^0. **gg* »
Total Assets I6CS.3JH 91 . Total Assets , * 6 i^HL^
LIABILITIES. ~ " LIABILITIES.
ot AdJustm . e . n !.?r ms.745 oo ifsiSstt&zzttz »*.*> <*>
Lo?M«rSl"tfd.*rncludliii expenses.. 550 00 Losses restated, including wpenses. 735 00
GrosiDrtmlumi on Fire Risks run- Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
""*©£• year or less. $3*1.125 04: nlns one year or less. $CS.S,42l 86;
reinsurance -SO wr cent 190.562 07 reinsurance 50 per cent 194.212 43
Omss *Dreroluma on Fire Risks run- Oros» premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. *8O.- nlns more than one year. $78,-
347 31- reinsurance pro rata 44.867 89 279 05: reinsurance pro rata 42.2S2 66
Comml«s'lons and Brokerage due and Commissions ar.d Brokerage du« and
to become due 15,056 8.1 to become due 16.949 M
All other Liabilities 17,734 14 All other liabilities 21.295 38
Tctal Liabilities ...$317,816 83 Total Liabilities f^Ml^aS
INCOME. ; . ~~~ INCOME.
N>t cash actually received for Fire Net cash actually received for F1r«
BrentS m* $429,536 72 premiums ..$124.002 33
Vet cash actually received for Ma- Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums • * 74 rlrf? premiums 4 73
Itecelve'd for interest and dividends Received for interest and dividends
on Bond* Stocks, Loans and from on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all -other 'sources 13.459 21 all other sources K5.7T1 R*
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 13,204 31 Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 10.117 13
Total Income ......: $456.205 53 Total Income v $447, OSS 13
EXPENDITURES. EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid tor Fire Loss?s Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $— . lo*se« of pre- (Including $ . losses of prevl-
"lous years) 267.460 03 0U3 years) $263.272 70
Net amount oald for Marlns Losses jjet amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ . Iossea of pre- _ (including $ . losses of previ-
vious years) 39 Jj> oos years) ;... S!> 20
Dividends to Stockholders 10,000 00 Dividends to Stockholders 10.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or 1 _, c _« Paid or allowed for Commission or
. Brokerage 118.316 50 Brokerage ........ .: 118. "537 73
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other • p aJ( j ; or Salarte* Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 1.455 00 charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 1.335 00
Paid for State.- National and Local pa^ for State, National and Local
taxes •• --• 12.002 51 t a«« ...; 14.2S1 1*
All other payments and expendl- A ,, otner payments and expendi-
tures "•___1J___ tures 4.963 45
Total Expenditures SiSJ'S?? 5} Total Expenditures $«.\579 21
Losses Incurred during the year....$2S2.b-4 21 Logg^ incurred during the year.... $232.500 90
t^T ~?JZ~. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Risks and Premiums. Risks. mlums.
¦ — — _, , I '- . Net amount of RUks
Net amount of Risks . wyjtten during the
written daring the % y«*r $35,664,629 $748,347 CS
year • • • • - • - • $3.,S59.148 sww.ois - 1 Net amount of R!ski
Net amount of risks expired^ during the
N "»S°°31. ll&"...^ rn.im.lHI> «1.«3 » DW«mb«r 31. 10m. 3g.IBl.Mi! «M.7O3 »1
~ ¦ . ¦ . I Marln© I Pr*- * " Marino
Risks and Premiums. Risks. 1 miums. Risks and Premiums. KUka. Premium*.
Net amount of . risks ~ ; ~~ Net Jjnwunt of Risks
written during the . written during the ,
year '•• .•••••••••• #4 74 year ........... t« ¦«
Net amount of. risks , Net «nount cf Risks
expired during the expired "auring the
year • .- 4 74 year V. » 49
Net amount In force De- Net amount in force
-cember 31. 1902 None.. December 31. 1003
.'• ¦-¦ ~ ROBERT C. RATHBONE. Prest. ~~ R. B. RATHBOXE. Prest.
R. B. RATHBO.VE, Secy. JOHN B. COONEY. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st Subscribed and sworn to befors ma this 21st
day of February, 1903. day of February. 1003.
CHRIS. BAMBACH. Notary Public. CHRIS. V BAMBACH. Notary Public.
C A. HENRY..&. CO.
. .General Agents Pacific Coast Department,
I 215 SANSOME STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
- . ADVERTISEMENTS.
A m V iVprll !•
A irqgif/UlB of
- MILWAUKEE.
-A Good Hand
And a steady one. for It means
sweet words of approval.' The
"dispenser,", whether host or
dealer. Is never embarrassed by
the feeling that It won't please.
There's QUALITY back of It— .
Quality that > means "Elatz" In
every glass. Uniformly Pure
and Mature. '
Always the Same Good Old Blatz
Bliti Mill-Vivine (Non-Iatox) Toaij
':'_ Druggists or Direct."
Yal. Biatz Brewing Co., Milwaukee.
¦ Braniisclf eip;& Co., ac.
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco.
¦ Tel.? Main 1616. Wholesale Dealer*. ;
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength, to sexual arcana. Depot. 323 Market.UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT LOGAN WHICH WILL BE PLACED IX THE DRYDOCK AT HUNTERS
POINT TO-DAY TO BE SCRAPED AND PAINTED PREPARATORY TO SAILING FOR THE PHILIPPINES
ON DECEMBER 1. .^i';^ ¦ ',R
Movements of Steamers.
¦ The Time Ball: on y the tower of i the" Ferry
building was dropped exactly at ' noon' to-day—
l.'.-e., at noon of the 120th meridian,', or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time.* J. C. BURNETT, '-\">
KKKad Lieutenant L\ S. N.. in Cbaree.
Branch Hydrographic ; Office. = U. - 8. N., Mer
-. chants'. Exchange, ' San- Francisco. Cal.~
November 19, 1903.' •. <¦¦?'
Time Ball.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United* States . Ccast and*. Geodetic Survey — •
Time and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San : Frjanclsco
Bay. 1 Published by official authority of the
: ' Superintendent. . * " I.' '
- NOTE; — The high and low waters occur at the
clty.front (Mission-street wharf); about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
ls;the same at. both places. .':'" ••¦ - -.'V.':
-'-*. • FRIDAYT NOV. - 20.-1?
Sun rises *.V.;:..V. ....'. ;." ..;.'. ..Vv.6:5fl a..m.
Sun setsc. ..'..........,.;.....:".... :.4:C6 p." nv.
The Collector of the Port recently
held an exhaustive investigation into
charges brought against Ferem' by cJie
British Consul. The evidence gathered
at that Investigation Is in the hands of
the State Department and it is gener
ally understood that Congress will be
asked to cancel the lease of the Sailors'
Home and take It back under Federal
control.
perintendent, and when charges were
made against him they believed him in
nocent and said malice was back of the
allegations.
The bark W. B. Flint sailed on Wednesday
for Makawell. via Honolulu, with an assorted
cargo valued at $42,523 and including the fol
lowing: 138 bbls flour, 2919 ctls barley. 16.529
lbs middlings, 02.04S lbs bran, 319 bales hay,
56 ctls corn. 114 ctls wheat, .3208 lbs beans.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
Shipment of Crude Oil.
The steamer Argyll was cleared on Wednes
day for Honolulu with 27,000 bbls crude oil in
bulk, valued at $37,800.
Ths French bark Marechal de Vlllan : has
been rechartered for wheat to Europe at 10*
fid. The schooner Ottllie Fjord loads redwood
at Eureka for La. Paz and.Topolobampo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ; From. | Due.
Rival Willapa Harbor INovi 20
Del Norte Crescent City ....Nov. 20
M. Dollar San Pedro ..'.... ...... [Nov. 20
Arctic Humboldt Nov. 21
Centralla Grays Harbor Nov. 21
G. W. Eider.. Portland & Astoria'.... Nov. 21
Nicarta Seattle .'. ..|Nov. 22
Hero Oyster Harbor Nov. 22
Phoenix Mendocino Nov. 22
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Porte Nov. 22
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov. 22
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma . Nov. 22
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 23
Alliance Portland & Way. Ports. Nov. 23
Chehalis I San Pedro Nov. 23
Coronado j San Pedro Nov. 2;;
Marlpo3a Tahiti .Nov. 23
Queen Puget Sound Ports. .. ..Nov. 23
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 23
Olympic San Pedro Nov. 23
H. K. Maru... China & Japan '... Nov. 24
Alameda Honolulu "".... Nov. 21
L^th'an China & Japan ......... Nov. 25
Corona Humboldt Nov. 25
San Pedro Humboldt Nov 25
Newport n. Y. via Panama Nov.' 25
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 25
A / cata Coos Bay & Port Orford Nov. 20
iolnt Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 28
t>anta Rosa. . . f?an Diego & Way Ports- Nov. 26
Bonita.. Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 26
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 26
North Fork... Humboldt Nov. 27
Hawaiian New York Nov. 27
c ," ra S ao - • ,- • • • Mexican Ports Nov. 27
City Puebla.. p U get Sound Ports..... Nov. 2M
£ b >' d0B Hamburg & Way Porte. Nov. 28
c?> tu v a Sydney & Way Ports... Nov. 30
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla |Nov. 30
i ',".'', ¦ TO SAIL. , .
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
_ \ovember 20.
\?W* Humboldt ..... .w. 9 am Pier 2
W. Kruger. Seattle & Tacoma. B pm Pier 20
G. Lindauer Astoria & Portland 2 pm Pier 28
Arcata Coos B.& Pt. Orford 4 pm Pier 13
Chlco Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
November 21.
M. Dollar.. Astoria & Portland. 12 m Pier 20
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4pm Pier 2
Centralla... Los Angele* Ports. 2 pm Pier 10
N. Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Corona...... Humboldt ..... l:30pPler 9
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita.;... Newport & Way.".. 9 am Pier 11
Colon...... N.Y. via Panama, 12 m Pier 40
Rival Willapa Harbor . . 4 pm Pier 20
November 82.' * ¦'
F. Leeeett Humboldt ......... 0 am Pier 10
S. Roia... . San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 23. '> ,' I '
Ncvadan... Honolulu 12 m Pier 23
Phoenix Mendocino City.:.. 1 pm Pier 13
Chehalis.... Grays -Harbor .... ..:... |Pier —
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm Pier 20
November 24.
Rainier.... Seattle & ¦Whatcom >4 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt ........ 9 am Pier 10
Pomona Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 3
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
.. •. '¦ November 25. -i '
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 2,pm Pier 16
Coronado..'. Grays Harbor 4 .... 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay... San > Pedro & Way 9 amlPier 11
Gaelic. China & Japan ... lpm Pier. 40
Nicarta.... Hamburg & Way.. '2 pm Pier 19
November 26.' '
State of Cal San - Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
•November 27.' •
Newburg... Grays Harbor ;..*. -4 pm Pier 10
Queen .;...'. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier . 9
November 28. t •¦ : ' >
San Pedro.. Humboldt V.."....-.. 4 pm Pier. 2
Alameda. . . Honolulu * ...... .... 11 am Pier 7
C. Sydney.. N.~ Y, via Panama. 12" m Pier 40
November 2O. ' | '
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Centennial.. Seattle '& Tacoma.: 10 amlPier 2
.. ..; . . .FROM .SEATTLE. \ !
: .Steamer. .' ; For. -' • ' Sails.
Al-KI..:. ;..'. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov."20
Dirlgo.. .;.... Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 24
Cottage City.'. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 27
Excelsior.. ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Dec- 1 :
Valencia...".. Skagway &. Way Ports. Dec. 4
Bertha. . :. . . . Cooks Inlet & .Way. Pts Dec. , 7
Although she arrived here after the
Thomas, the army transport Logan
will be the first to return to the Philip
pines and to-day will be placed on the
Hunters Point drydock to be scraped
and Dainted. She will sail December 1
for Honolulu and Manila. The Thom
as, which sustained extensive damage
on the homeward voyage, will not sail
until January 1.
Logan Will Be First to Sail.
The British steamship Hardwick
Hall, now out 40 days 'from Delagoa
for Calcutta, was placed on the over
due Hit yesterday at 30 per cent. No
change was made in the reinsurance
rates of the other overdues, which arc
quoted as follows: Charlonus, 10 per
cent; Fifeshivc:. 45 r>er cent; Paris, to
per cent; Cadogan. 15 per cent; Lindis
farne, 10 per cent; Thalia, 75 per cent;
La Bruyere, 15 per cent.
British Steamship Overdue.
Mrs. J. A. Amesbury, I. P. David
son. Miss Evelyn Temple, F. H. En
gelke, C. E. Ingraham and T. H. Mer
riman.
There was- no sign of any Immediate
revolution when the Sydney left Pana
ma and the first those on board hearl
of the change of government was when
the steamship reached Acajutla.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship City of Sydney, which arrived yes
terday from Panama and way ports,
brought from Central America treasure
valued at $70,459 60 and 856 tons of
cargo. The Sydney brought twenty
five passengers, including the foliow
ing named:
City of Sydney Arrives.
i IQUIQUE— Arrived Nov ' 17— Br bark Aig
burth, from Port Gamble !¦ K
• IPSWICH— Arrived Nov . 17— Fr «hl» Du
quesne, from Portland, Or." ¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 18— Jan stmr
Hongkong Mara. • from China and Japan
- Sailed Nov 18— Br ship Queen Margaret, for
Sydney: bark Louisiana, for Port Town^nd:
Jap atrar . Hongkong Maru. for San ; Francisco
•Arrived Nov , 1&— Bark Albert, hence Nov 6.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 19 Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Pedro.
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr Lakme,
from Eureka. * .- ; ¦¦"
¦UMPQUA— Arrived Nov 16— Schr Caroline
from San Pedro. . . '
Sailed Nov '17— Stmr San Gabriel, for Eu
reka; schrs- Lucy and Louise, for San Pedro
schr Lily, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 18— Schr Sadie, from San Pedro
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 18— Schr
Henry Wilson, hence Nov 6. < .-.,
Sailed Nov 19 — Schr A B Johnson, foV San
Pedro; stmr Newburg. for San v Francisco
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 19 — Stmr' Na
tional City, hence Nov 18. .
ABERDEEN— Sailed Nov 19— Stmr New
burg, -- for • San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 19— Schr Henry Wilson, hence
Nov C. . .'•--! .- . . ¦¦¦¦¦- \ ¦
POINT. REYES — Passed Nov 19, 10-30 a m
—Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood, for Port
Harford." : - . .
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 19— Schr Annu
E t Smale, from .Everett; stmr Samoa, hence
" TATOOSH— Passed In Nov 19— Stmr Aztec
hence Nov 16. for Tacoma. *»*iec.
Passed in Nov 19— Stmr City of * Puebla
hence Nov. 17. ¦ . , . ' '
•- SEATTLE— Sailed Nov 19— Stmr James Dol
lar., for San Francisco. ' " ol
„ Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Valencia, from Skag
• i ASTORIA— Sailed , Nov 19— Stmr George W
Elder.- for San Francisco.
/\ .ISLAND PORT. ,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 19, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SE, velocity 38 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
Thursday, , November 19.
Ptmr State of ' California, Thomas, San Diego
and way ports. es&*ra
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Portland and As
toria. .
Stmr Sonoma, Herriman, Honolulu and Syd
ney. , ' . . .
Stmr Eanta Barbara, Zaddart, Seattle and
Tacoma.
Stmr Aurella, Erickson. Astoria.
. Etmr Czarina, Johnson, Coos Bay.
. Nor stmr Tellus. Arntzen. Ladysmith.
Br stmr Wvefleld, Watson. , Nanaimo.
Schr Oakland. Ewart. Tillamook Bay.
SAILED,
Thursday. November 19.
Stmr Sonoma, Herriman, Sydney, via Hono
lulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, Nanaimo; West
ern Fuel Co. V
Bktn S G Wilder. Jackson, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
CLEARED
Thursday,- November 19.
Stmr Bonita, Alb'rrs, 60 hours ¦ from San
Pedro and way ports. ; '
7 Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 3S hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 2S hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 20 hours from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Gualala, Hansen. 19 hours from Bihlers
Point.
Stmr Giosy, Leland, 20 hours from Monte
rey and way ports.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 40 hours from
San Pedro.'
¦ Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 41 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Inqun. Jorgenson, 31 hours from San
Pedro. __
-Stmr City of Sydney. McLean,' 22 . days 15
hours from Panama and way ports.
Fr bark Jean, Le Gal, 144 days from Swan
sea.
S(hr Newark, Relnertsen, * 24 hours from
Walsh Landing.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Moon seta 6.24 a.m.
3 iTime Time jTime ITimel
S- ,' ¦ -Ft. Ft. I— ' Ft. Ft.
? |H W| L W f H W| <L W|
20 0:51| 4.9:5:2(5 2.7 11:40 ,5.8 6:26—05
21 1:83 5.0 «:CS 2.9 12:17 5.fi 7:07—0.4
22 2:27 4.7 ti:5« 3.0 1:01 5.3 7:49—0.2
23 3:15 4.S 7:4S 3.3 1:50 5.0 8:30 0 1
24 4:t>2 4.9| 8:55 3.3 2:38 4.5 9:13 0.4
25 4:44 4.ltilO:OS| 3.2 .1:33 4.2 9:57 0 8
2ti 5:25 4.0111:20| 2.0J4:39| 3.9|10:45 1.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column glves_the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey, charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the'Tieight. and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The steamship Edith, which on her
last trip picked up and towed to port
the waterlogged steam schooner
Charles Nelson, sailed yesterday for
Seattle. The question of salvage is
now In the courts and will be settled
in due course of time.
Edith Sails for Worth.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
sailed yesterday for Sydney, via Honolulu, Pago
Pago and Auckland, with a general merchan
dise cargo valued at .$276,849 and distributed
as follows: For Honolulu, $49,018; Samoan
Islands, )$61 03; New Zealand, $01,383; Aus
tralia, $128,285; FIJI Islands. S3GQ; Fanning
Island, $4. The leading exports were as fol
lows :
To Honolulu — 1493 pkgs fresh fruits, 100
pkgs fresh vegetables, 300 pkgs potatoes, D8
pkgrs onions, 3.S92 lbs butter, JMi pkps groceries
and provisions. 379 cs canned goods, 4200 lbs
codfish, 136C lbs nuts, 843 lbs dried fruit, 542
lbs 1 cs raisins, 1C00 11)8 sugar, 7 ' cs candy,
1000 lbs 2 cs meals, 2S0 lbs chocolate, 875 lbs
cheese. 18 pkgs elder. 3274 lbs ham and bacon,
6 pkgs olives. 195 cs eggs, 15 cs drfased poultry.
6 pkgs oysters. 90S lbs 3- cs fresh fish. -443
lbs bread, 50 gals wine, 284 gals 25 cs whisky,
68 pkgs groceries and provisions, 24 cs hats
and caps, 3 cs drues, 30 cs boots and shoes,
5 eg matches, 3926 lbs 25 cs manufactured to
bacco. 7 cyls ammonia, 217 ingots copper, 27
pkgrs rubber goods. 8 bxs tin plate, 25, pkgs
machinery, 25 bdls iron, 21 pes stetl, 8 pkgs
electrical supplies, 11 bdls pipe, 20 pkgs paints
and oils. 13 pigs tin 10 bdls | twine. 90 pkgs
paper, 42 bxs soap, 20 pkgs agricultural im
plements. 3 bdls brooms.' ,
To Samoan Islands — 70 bbls flour, 1440 lbs
bread. 15B5 lbs beans, 28 pkgs freoli fruits" 81
eg canned ccods, 392 cs canned ftnd 15 pkgs
pickled ealmon, 780 lbs lard. 103 pk«s groceries
and provisions, 38 pkgs potatoes 12 pkgs
onions. 3 ctls wheat, 1040 lbs meals, 466 lbs
ham, 3 pkes raisins, 17 pkgs wagon material,
1 cs tobacco. 18 pkgs mlllwork. 7 cs paints,
1 pkg. machinery. 1 roll leather, 1 bx electrical
supplies, 4 cs boots and shoes. 87 pkgs naval
etores.
aJJL*,V - o Zeal *n<l-e9.»« lbs 1 cs raisins.
40.600 lbs 8 cs dried fruit, 16.384 lbs hops
39O5 pkgs fresh fruit.- 1108 cs canned salmon
2524 cs assorted canned goods. 295 lbs nuts
20 gals whisky. 3 cs liquors, 1840 Hn codfish'
9 pkus potatoes, 11,419 lbs coffee, 672 lbs
meals, 24 pkgs groceries and provisions 33 cs
chewing gum, 27,467 ft lumber. 120 rolls' paper
82 pkgrs bicycles and - sundries, 31 pKgs ma
chinery. 25 pkgs wagon material,' 35 cs cart
ridges, 7 bales overalls, 48 pkgs drugs and
sundries. 8 bbls oil, 134 cs boots and shoes
3 cs corsets, 22 bales brooms. 76 rkgs auto
mobiles, 6 pkgs saddlery and harness, 21 pkgs
typewriters and parts. 69 pkgs sewing . ma
chines, 5 pkgs leather, ' 65 . pkgs agricultural
Implements. 20 cs fuse, 8 cs, scales. ¦
To Australia— 70,930 ,, lbs hops, C9,000 lbs
codf rh, 13,437 lbs coffee, 1524 pkgs fresh fruits
17,37ri lbs dried fruit. J420 lbs beans. 7904 cs
canned salmon, 155 bbls 1512 half-bbls' pickled
salmon. 140 cs assorted canned eoods, 554 lbs
cornstarch.' ! 500 lbs shrimps. ; HOO lbs cocoa,
8 pkgs groceries and provisions, 31 cs grape
Juice,- 336 gals 1 cs whisky, 15 : gals ' wine
61,008 ft lumber, 7 pkgs leather, 71" i-kgs ma
chinery, 74 pkgs bicycles and sundries S bales
overalls, .19 bales rubber hose. 8 cs electrical
supplies. 46 cs plows; 24 bdls shooks, 7 cs
assaying materials. 1814 lbs • grease, • 8 pkgs
automobiles, 4 pkgs wagon material,' 166 pkgs
drugs and sundries, 241 rolls . newspaper 20
cs 5 bbls oil, ; 23 crts sewinjf machines' 34
pkgs typewriters and parts, 2 cs , corsets' 43
cs boots and shoes.
-To FIJI Islands— 60 cs canned salmon arid
69 cs canned- fruit.
¦ The steamer also 'carried $2000 in 'Mexican
dollars consigned to Suva, FIJI Islands. ¦•
Exports for the Antipodes.
24 ctls oats, 430 tons fertilizer, 6657 lbs oil
cake meal, 3000 lbs salt, 2049 lbs su?ar. 672
Kals wine, 400 gal» 25 cs whisky. 375 lbs
cheese, 300 lbs hops, 134 cs canned Roods, 3
Pkgs paste, 17 cs dried fruit, 30 pkgs - gro
ceries and provisions, 6 cs raisins. -149 lbs 37
cs bread, C7(J lbs ham, 125 lbs butter, 030 lbs
lard, 72.534 ft lumber. 2 cs cigars, 200 bbls
cement, 0 bales twine, 23 pkgs paints and
oils, 17 colls rope, 10 pjtss paper, 200 cs coal
oil. 400 cs blasting- powder, 42 cs caps and
fuse. 634 pes pipe, 0 tons coke, 4O4 bass
ammonia, 8 cs drugs. 18 bxs soap, Hi: bills 44
bars Iron, 8*5 sks coal, 40 pkgs potatoes, 5
pkgs - onions. 235 gals . vinegar, 2 cs matches,
1 pkg machinery.
The bark S. O. "Wilder was cleared yester
day for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at $27,975. The cargo Included
the 1545 cs canned goods, 15,157
lbs' bread, 1360 ctls barley. 1250 bales hay,
208 ctls corn, 10 pkgs groceries and' provisions,
29 ctls oats, 5225 lbs bran. 2400 lbs lard. 2J20
lbs meals. 125 Ids pearl barley, 50 bbls salmon,
1213 gals vinegar, 105 casks beer, 8219 gals 5
cs wine, 225 bxs soap, 25 bales waste, 2250
lbs zinc, 10 bxs tin plate, 2007 lbs solder, 7
p'kgs dry goods, 16 cs hats, 30,000 lbs starch,
10 pkgs paints and oils, 5 pkgs locomotive and
parts. 146 tons pig iron, 14 bales twine, 25 cs
blasting caps. 20 cs blasting fuse. 134 pkgs
mlllwork, 234 pkgs tank material, 64 bdls
paper, 3 cs electrical supplies, 12 pkgs ma
chinery. 1 cs clears. '
The steam schooner Charles Nelson
is still alongside the Sixteenth-street
drydock, where she is discharging her
cargo of lumber. She will not go on
the dock until all the freight is out of
her. Buch examination as can so far
be made reveals the fact that the ves
sel Is in pretty bad shape. Her engine
room is filled to a depth of four feet
with a combination of ashes and mud
and her machinery will require a lot
of overhauling. From present indica
tions the bill for repairs will be in .he
neighborhood of $20,000. Although the
amount of salvage claimed is $35,000. it
is thought that between $15,000 and
$20,000 wiy be all that the court will
allow.
Charles Nelson in Bad Shape.
The Sailors' Home, of which Ferem is
superintendent at a salary of nothing
a year and which he uses as a sailor
boarding-house on- strictly sailor
boarding-house lines, is a property
worth about $400,000.- It was leased by
the Government to the city at a rental
of $1 a year, to be used as a home. for
Eick and destitute seamen. The Ladles'
Seaman's Friend Society took charge
of the home and put Ferem In as su-
The articles of agreement under
which the sailor trust was formed are
said to be in the possession of Charles
McCarthy, who was appointed business
manager at a salary of $75 a month,
The agreement is said to be signed by
the following: John Ferem, Thomas
Murray & Son, Thomas Chandler, Fred
Hunt, Charles McCarthy, Jack O'Brien,
John Savory. Harry Hansen, George
Webb, Henry Lewis, Cane Bros., John
Cane. Henry Brown. Richard Graham.
Peter Holberg, John Curtin. William
Lane, Thomas Newman, Timothy Haw
kins and W. P. Herman.
AGREEMENT IS DEPOSITED.
Everything went lovely until it was
discovered that Ferem, taking full ad
vantage of the high figure to which
the ring had forced the blood money,
was shipping crews at Eureka and San
Diego independently of the ring. It
is also charged that he was taking
more than his agreed share of the local
business.
"When we found that Ferem ¦was not
giving us a square deal," said John
Cane yesterday, "we decided that un
less we were crooked our share of the
business would get lighter and lighter.
I then went to a captain and asked
him how many men he wanted.
"Fourteen," he said. "Tell Ferem you
want ten," I told him, "and you and I
will divvy up on the other four."
Then came Captain John Barneson's
refusal to pay blood money. With the
aid of W. B. Swears, shipping master
for the Pacific Mail Company, he se
cured crews for several and
knocked the ring's scale all out of tune.
The ring went out of business and
blood money became uncollectable.
Hawkins, Herman, Savory and the
Canes wanted back their $50. It was
in the bank, and the bank book, they
claim, was in Ferem's possession.
When they filed the suit, they say, the
money was drawn from the bank and
divided, all the members of the ring
but the complaining quintet getting a
share. It is for their share they are
suing.
The schedule with which they started
called for $25 advance. $35 blood money,
51 boat hire. This for each man shipped.
Ferem was to get one-quarter of all
the business, the remaining three
quarters to be divided equally among
the other boarding-house masters.
Each member of the ring, as a prelim
inary, paid in $50 for the founding, of
a contingent fund, or "fall" fund as
pome of the franker of the members
prefer to call it. The $61 obtained for
each sailor was to be split up between
the boardins^ouse keeper, whose share
was $45; the shipping master, who got
$15. and the boatman, who was paid
$1 for taking the sailor aboard the ship.
The boarding-house keeper and ship
ping master were each to contribute $1
to the contingent fund.
"This fund was a necessity," said
John Cane yesterday, "for many rea
sons. Sailors sometimes change their
mind about going aboard a shiD and in
being persuaded are liable to get hurt
and it takes money to square things
if anything serious happens."
Of this blood money, say the plaintiffs
In the Justice Court suit, the ship cap
tains got no share. Under ordinary cir
cumstances the higher the blood money
the bigger the captain's "divvy," but
the Ferem ring controlled the beach
and as the skippers had to come to
some member of the combination there
was nothing to be gained by paying
any commission for the business.
FEBEM BREAKS AWAY.
The plaintiffs tell their story as fol
lows. Three months ago a score of
Bailor boarding-house keepers r.nfl ship
ping masters formed a combination
that was to be a sort of sailor trust.
Between them they expected to control
all the shipping of crews for deep water
ships and they proposed to make the
operation as expensive as possible for
the ship owner.
A suit filed recently in the Justices*
Court of this city Is a direct outcome
of this split In the hitherto fairly solid
end always secretive combination of
sailor boarding-house keepers and
shipping masters. In this suit Ferem
and others are the defendants in an
action for the recovery of $250, and at
tbe trial the plaintiffs promise to admit
the existence of a ring for the extor
tion of blood money in order to prove
that Ferem, as the head of it, not
only took the lion's share of the profits
but has frozen them out and refused
to return their contribution to the com
bination. The plaintiff is W. P. Her
man, who represents John Cane, Joseph
Cane, Timothy Hawkins and John Sa
vory, as well as himself.
STORY IS TOLD.
When British Consul Courtney Ben
nett charged John Ferem, superintend
ent of the Sailors' Home at this port,
v ith using his position for the acquire
ment of wealth through the medium of
•'blood money" extorted from the own
ers of British ships, the Consul is said
to have satisfied the Federal authori
ties that he had warrant full and plen
ty for making the accusation. The evi
dence is now in the hands of the State
Department, and according to advices
from Washington will be submitted to
Congress before long. Bennett had a
hard time securing testimony on ac
count of the esprit de corps which at
that time held Ferem's fellow-offenders
loyal to "Johnny at Home," as Ferem
is called by his brother traders in
pailormen. That time Is of the past,
however. The sailor traders are now
at outs and in the confusion of the
quarrel not a little additional light is
being shed on their methods of doing
business.
Want Back Coin Paid to
Support Alleged Blood-
Money Ring.
Shipping Masters Sue
Sailors' Home Su
perintendent.
ACCUSE FEREM
OF BAD FAITH
As the Sonoma backed into the
stream she narrowly escaped ramming
her Btern through the river steamer
T. C. Walker and "that a miss was
scored was more a matter of good luck
than careful navigation on the part of
the pilot of the Stockton boat. A strong
ebb tide was flowing and half a gale
of wind was piping 'from the south
east. Once started, the Sonoma had
to ke*>p going. Stopping or even slowing
down would have resulted in the wind
and tide carrying the heavily freighted
liner against Broadway wharf and
completely wrecking that structure.
The Walker was a whai-Ts length to
the southward when the Sonoma, with
her whistle blowing, started to back
into the stream. The Walker was
skirting the wharves considerably clos
er than the law allows. Instead cf
slowing down or turning out the river
steamer held on her course and when
her stern-wheel cleared the Sonoma's
after end there was barely a foot's
length between the vessels.
A number of well known Honolulu
people sailed on the liner and among
the through passengers were many
eminent colonials. _¦,'•:
The passengers included the follow
ing named:
For Honolulu— Captain W. A. Clark. Mrs.
Clark. Aug. Dreier, Mrs. Dreier. E. T. Dreler,
Mr. Garlock. Mrs. Garloclt. J. W. Graham. Mrs.
Graham. Mrs. R. L. Halsey. Miss S. D. Hal
p«?y. Master C. A. Halsey, J. H. Hunt. Mrs.
Hunt. Mrs. C. J. Hutching. Mls« Doris M.
Hutchlns Mrs. E. G. Keene. H. W. Phelps«.
Dr. K. Plsehe!. Mrs. Plschel. Mrs. M. M.
Scott. Miss M. Scott. F. F. Sewall, Dr. J. R.
Shaw, Mrs. Shaw. S. W. Smith. Mrs. Smith,
Mrs. Anna M. Thomas. Mrs. H. V. Turner and
child. J. J. Walsh. R. Wllle and C. Wolters.
. Pago Pago — Dr. Henry E. Odell.
Auckland — P. .Y. Alexander, Sir A. Arm
strong, J. T. Hawthorne, Mrs. Hawthorne, F.
M. Jackson, Samuel Jackson, Mrs. Jackson,
MIfs Jackson, Miss Cissy Jackson. Miss K.
Jackson. Mrs. S. Jackson Jr., Mrs. Macdonald,
Miss MacDonald. C. Suggate.
Sydney— J. S. Badger. A. Balrd. Mrs. Balrd.
¦William Baldwin. F. S. Barnard. Mrs. Bar
nard. E. A. Cameron. A. A. Campbell, M. Car
rier. Mrs. K. Chester. Miss M. Chester. Mas
ter E. Chester. Master W. Chester, Thomas Da
vis, Mrs.. Davis. Alfred Devlne. Mrs. Devlne,
Rev. J. J. O'Drtscoll. A. J. Firkins, W. R.
Harris. Mrs. Harris, Miss Sibyl I. Harris.
Master Gordon Harris. E. Haydock, H. Ireland,
A. W. Johnston. F. L. Meyer. E. B. Moore
H. A. Munnon. H. C. Oswald. Mrs. Oswald,
Miss L. Pollard. Mrs. Z. C. Rennle, Mrs.
Rowan. M. A.-Par.ds. Major Taylor. Mrs Tay
lor. C. I. Todman, Captain R. V. Webster.
To Join at Honolulu for Auckland — C. B.
Camm, K. Hardy Tcpham and Mrs. Topham.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma sailed yesterday after
noon promptly at 2 o'oiock for Hono
lulu and the Antipodes. She i carried
many passengers and -her cargo
cluded a large shipment of brands,
the first of the new crop to be senrto
the Antipodes.
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Sails With Many Notable
Passengers for Honolulu , and Colonial Ports— Is Nearly Run
Into. by a River Steamer- as She Backs Into the Stream
STEAMSHIP SONOMA CARRIES TO NEW ZEALAND AND AUSTRALIA
A BIG SHIPMENT OF THE NEW CROP OF GOLDEN STATE'S ORANGES
SALOONS CATER
TO SOLDIERS
No Attempt to Bar the
Army Men Prom Pre
sidio Resorts.
Police Overlook the Men in
Uniform, but Civilians
- Are Barred.
COLON — Arrived " Nor - 17 — SUnr Allianca,
from New ' York. ;
Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Sejrar&nca, for J»ew
Sailed Nov 19— <Jer itmr
Silesia, for Hamburg. _ . •
ALGOA BAY — Arrived Nov 10 — Ship St Da
vid, from Puget Sound. ,«ri- .tint-
YOKOHAMA — Arrived *»ov IS — Br »tmr
Nov 18-Stmr Empress
Of GUA a YMAs21 a i C ,ed V Nov IS-Stmr Curacao.
to lead for San Francisco
— Ger itmr Eva. for San Francisco.
LYNN— Arrived Nov IS— Nor ship Norge.
fr pOR? C pnUE-S.-..n e d Nov IS-Bktn Jan. L.
Stanford, for Newca-V*. Australia
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov lfr— SUnr Roman
ic (late New England), for Boston, via Queena
t0 NEW YORK— Sailed Novl9— Stmr Main.
for Bremen; stmr La Savoie. for Havre; »tmr
Fuerst Bismarck, for Algiers, etc. ;"'¦•*#_
LONDON— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Mesaba. for
N HAMBURQ— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Deutsch
la S 1 UEEN n STOWN Y - k Saned Nov 19 -Stmr
Noordland. from Liverpool for Philadelphia,
stmr Odrie. from Liverpool, for New_ *<>«•
GENOA— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Lahn. from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples. - tf ,
CHERBOURG— Arrived Nov 19— Stmr F™«a
erlch der Grosse. from Ne-w York. tI» Fly
mouth, for Bremen, and proceeded.
LIBELS FILED FOR
WAGES AND DAMAGES
Cargo of Lumber Levied Upon for
Detention of a Vessel at
Wharf.
In the United States District Court
yesterday Peter Layton. a colored sailor,
filed a libel against J. & W. R. Wing &
Co., to recover $868. balance alleged to
be due him on a whale cruising lay on
the bark Cape Pigeon Horn in 1891. The
bark was seized by the Russian Govern
ment in Russian waters for an alleged
Infraction of maritime law. and for that
ilfegal seizure the United States Govern
ment recovered in 1902 for the owners
$38,750 damages, out of which Layton
seeks his alleged share of $868.
In the same court George U. Hind and
others filed a libel against 100.000 feet of
lumber belonging to the S. E. Slade
Lumber Company and part of the cargo
of the* Robert R. Hind, to recover $980
as damages for fourteen days detention
and breach of charter party.
Will Return to Atlantic.
The steamships Pennsylvania, Indi
ana and Conemaugh are to be sent
back to the Atlantic. The Pennsylva
nia and Indiana came out here at the
time of the Klondike excitement. They
were chartered by the Government as
transports during the Spanish war and
since then have found more or less
regular occupation on this coast. The
Pennsylvania will probably take a
cargo it salmon from this port. The
Indiana and Conemaugh will go to
Honolulu from Puget Sound, where
they now are, and load sugar for New
York.
WHOLESALE . LIQUOR FIRM
SAYS IT WAS SWINDLED
Warrant Out for Arrest of C. Julius
Janssen on Charge of
A warrant was issued by Police Judge
Conlan yesterdav for the arrest of C.
Julius Janssen en a charge of forgery.
The complaining witness is M. Rothen
berg of Rothenberg & Co.. wholesale
liquor merchants, 423 Kearny street.
Rothenberg alleges that Janssen call
ed at his . store on Wednesday after
noon and chatted with him for a few
minutes about meeting his brother in
Eureka. He then pulled a draft for
$18 50 cut of his pocket and ask 3d
Rothenbprg to cash it, as the bank3
were closed. Rothenberg at first de
murred, but finally handed him the
coin and received the draft.
The draft was made payable In three
days after date to the Janssen Com
mission Company and was to . be
charged to the account of L. P. Jacob
son. On the back was an indorsement,
"Pay to the order of C. Julius Janssen,"
and purported to be signed "Janssen
Commission Company;" then it had
been indorsed by Janssen.
Rothenberg could not find the name
of "L. P. Jacobson" in the city di
rectory and he went to the Janssen
Company, but that firm said it knew
nothing about the draft and declined
to refund the money.
WILL DECIDE WHETHER
THE DRESS FITS OR NOT
Judge Van Nostrand Hears Suit of
DTessmaker Against Customer
Who Kefused to Pay.
The trial of the suit of Miss M.
Ostrander, a dressmaker, against Mrs.
Maude Waters, for the recovery of $66 75
balance due for a dress was begun yes
terday in Justice of the Peace Van Nos
trand's court.
The testimony developed that Mrs.
Waters refused to pay for the dress on
the ground that she was overcharged
and the dress did not fit. Miss Ostran
der declared on the stand that the dress
was a perfect fit.
"Is it not a fact." asked Mrs. Waters"
attorney, "that the dress was too wide?'
"Indeed not." replied the witness. * I
could not make it tight enough to suit
her."
There being contradictory testimony
as to the fit of the dress, it was agreed
that Mrs. Waters attire herself in the
garment and appear in court this morn
ing, when Judge Van Nostrand will use
his - artistic judgment in deciding
whether the dress Is all that it is
claimed to be.
Though the officers of the post hav*
tried to put a stop to the selling of
liquor to enlisted men at the Union
street entrance of the Presidio, tha
practice is still going on under the eyes
of the law.
The saloons are not licensed to re
tail liquor .within a certain distance of
the reservation, and police officers have
been placed at the entrances of the
various resort3. Either the officers are
paid by the proprietors or have re
ceived orders to make no arrests, for
they pay no attention to the business
being conducted behind the doors. A
strange . feature of the case Is that
when a civilian asks for a drink it is
refused him. as "the house is not
licensed to retail liquor." In these
cases the police are vigilant, but sol
diers are served with liquor with im
punity.
Private John Khlert of the Twenty
seventh Coast Artillery, who acciden
tally fell from a two-story window at
the Presidio two weeks ago, died from
the effects of his injuries Wednesday
afternoon at the General Hospital. The
funeral services will be solemnized this
afternoon In the chapel, after which
the interment will take place at the
post cemetery.
Captain W. T. Johnston of the Fif
teenth United States Cavalry has re
turned to this city after making the
annual inspection of San Diego Bar
racks and Fort Rosecrans. California,
annual Inspections of the money ac
countability cf the disbursing officers
of Los Angeles and Yosemite. Sequoia
and General Grant National parks,
where he also made annual inspections
of the troops and camps at those
places.
IMPROVEMENTS ARE MADE.
The General Hospital at the Presidio
is getting more and more the dignity
of a separate post. A bowling alley
I and gymnasium are being constructed
for the Hospital Corps and convales
cent patients. The hospital will have
a guardhouse of its own. There will
be a post exchange and billiard room
connected with the Hospital Corps*
i quarters ajid a complete system of
1 lighting and ventilation for officers and
m Fo*r the benefit of those wishing to
mail packages or Christmas boxes to
men stationed at the Philippine and
Hawaiian Islands the following sched
ule of mall steamers has been ar
ranged.
Leaves Arrives rrl . x ; e9
Steamer. San Fran. Hongkong. Manila.
Korea N°v. IS
S?.::::::::t£» ¦::::::: g~§
55SE3 *;«.•§£• a 1 iin.-2 $£"•
pe^nT.::::"."^: a jkkVio ii^ia
&nMaru...D«c.3« Jan. =3
•Make Manila direct
The leave of absence granted Captain
Ulysses M. McAlexander has upon ap
plication been extended five days. Cap
tain McAlexander Is adjutant of the
Thirteenth Regiment of infantry and
at the expiration of his leave of ab
sence will report for duty at the Pre
sidio.
Leave of absence for two months,
with permission to apply for an exten
sion of two months, has been granted
Captain Henry E. Earaes of the Tenth
Infantry-
MOVEMENTS OF ENLISTED MEN.
Sergeant Thomas A. Grant, first
class, signal corps, will be sent to Fort
McDowell, Cal.. for duty with the sig
nal corps at that post, Intended for
service in the Philippine Islands.
First Class Sergeant George W. Hen
derson, signal corps. Fort .Riley to
Fort McDowell. Cal., for duty with the
signal corps at that post. Intended for
service In the Philippine Islands.
First Class Sergeant Theodore Schu
mann, H. C, from duty at Daet Am
bos Camarines. Luzon, to Luneta Bar
racks to await the sailing of the first
available transport leaving Manila for
San ' Francisco.
First Class Sergeant Arthur C.
Gwinn, H. C. Santo Tomas, Batangas.
P. I., will proceed to San Francisco,
Cal., for assignment to duty.
Post Quartermaster Sergeant Peter
Laursen (appointed November 7. 1903.)
from quartermaster sergeant Ninety
third Coast Artillery, now at Fort
Stevens. Or., will proceed to the Pre
sidio at San Francisco and thence to
Manila on the first available transport.
Sergeant George A. Markham, H. C.»
general hospital. Presidio of San Fran
cisco, is transferred to Fort Assini
boln, Mont.
The following named enlisted meay
have been placed upon the retired llsf^
Cook Frank Lewis, Troop K. Ninth
Cavalry; Mechanic James Campbell.
Twenty-second Company, Coast Artil
lery.
Judgment on a Bond.
United States Circuit Judge Morro-w
yesterday rendered Judgment In favor of
the United States against Ah Moon for
$4500. In 18S1 Ah Moon went into busi
ness as the Senate Cigar Company and
put up an Internal revenue bond for
$4500. Pfrter H. Hlnk beinsr the surety.
Shortly afterward Moon was arrested
for selling unstamped cigars and suit
was begun on the bond in 1882. A de
fault was entered last year, after the
case had been twenty years on the flies.
Decision Favors Orchardists.
Attorney General U. S. Webb has
rendered. an opinion to Governor Par
dee to the effect that the State Com
missioner of Horticulture has not the
authority to take possession of and de
stroy trees or vines In orchards or vine
yards which may, be affected with con
tagious or infectious diseases. The act
of 1897, the Attorney General says, pro
viding for county boards of horticul
ture and giving them authority, to
abate nuisances, applies only to trees
infested with scale Insects, codlin
moths and .other Insect pests, and has
ho reference to fruit tree diseases, and
there is, therefore, no officer in the
State authorized to destroy such dis
eased "orchards as a nuisance.
Convicted of Simple Assault.
Thomas Bent, a sailor, who was tried
before a Jury in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon, was convicted of sim
ple assault and will be sentenced to
morrow. He was charged with stab
bing Captain Jones of the bark Ivenkip
with a knife on October 28.
Sailor Poisoned by Opium.
James Martin, a sailor, who recently
returned from, the frozen north, started
out to see the town yesterday after
noon and wound up in a Chinese opium
Joint, where he Inhaled ' much of the
seductive drug- It affected . the sailor
seriously and he was ..treated at the
Emergency Hospital for opium poison
ing.
Lecture by Rabbi Nieto.
Rabbi Nieto will lecture this evening
at the Synagogue Sherith Isarael. Post
and' Taylor streets, at 8 o'clock; sub
ject, "The Talmud; "What" It Means to
the Jew." The public in • invited.
THE SAS FBAKCISCO ' CALL.' FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
12
-WATCH FOB THE
BEAUTIFUL PICTUBES
IN THE BIQ
THANKSGIVING
EDITION,
NEXT SUNDAY CALLDRESSED MEATS,
Wholesale rates from slaugnterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6®7c for Steers and 4H$6c per lb
f °VEAL^-Large, 7*4«Stfc; small. SH©9%c
PC MUTTON— Wethers, 7%SSHe; Ewes, 8®8tfc
per lb.
LAMS— 0%©10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hoes, «H®9c per lb.
. LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage forCattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8©9e; Cows and Heifers.
7SSc- thin Cows. 405c per pound. -
CALVES^-4@4i4c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— "Wethers, 3?*©4c; Ewes, 314©3Hc
per pound (gross weight). •;,
LAMBS — 4%©5c per lb..'
HOGS— Live Hogs. 14Q to ISO lbs, 5?4c: over
ISO lbs 5c; Sows. 20 per. Cent off; Bears. 50 per
cent off and Stags 40 per cent off from above
quotations. , ' ..
BAGS— Grain Bags." 565Hc; . £ an Quentln.
5 55c; Wool Bags, 32333c; Fleece Twine. 7%
6Sc* Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c. 6%c and 7%c for
the three grades; ; Brown Jute. 6V4OTHC .
COAL— Wellington. $S ' per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill $5 60; Standard, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay,* $5 50: Greta. $7 ; .-. « Wallsend. $7 ; Rich.
raond. $7 50; :. Cumberland, $13 : in bulk ' and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania' Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11-50; Cannel/. $8 50 per ton:' Coke. $11 50®
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 1 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand. '
' OIL— Linseed, 49c for boiled and ¦ 47c for
General Merchandise.
Stock — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 40
Apollo «
Associated Trust Cert 19 19
Aztec ' 85
California Standard 11
Caribou 100 .....
Central Point Con K5 ....
Chicago Crude 19 ....
Claremont 24 ....
Esperanza 155 ....
Four 65 69
Fulton * ~» ••••
Giant 20
Hanford 135 00
Home 95 100
Imperial IS 00
Independence 18 17
Junction 19
Kern * 75 6 25
Kern River ¦ 13 CO
Lion- 03 04
Monarch .(of Arizona) 49 so
Monte Crisrto 80 ....
Occidental of W Va 19
Oi^ City Petroleum 2» 29
Peerless « 50 14 25
Pittsburg 20
Reed Crude (old Issue) 40
S F & McKlttrlck 2 75 ....
Ean Joaquln O & D 4 00 .....
Senator .«... 65 75'
Sovereign M
Sterling 2 70 2 85
Superior 04 ,. 0G
Thirty-Three 7 00 8 00
Toltec •• 22 ....
Twenty-Eight 4 25 ....
West Shore 2 90 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Irr.pt... 1 so
Alameda Sugar 26 00
American Biscuit .... 85 00
American District Tel ,... ....
Cal Gtfs * Electric Corp f- ....
Cal Cotton Mills 88 00 - - .- .-...»
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 27 00
Cal Title Inn & Trust ..130 00 140 00,
Central Bank of Oakland.... (50 CO ....
Chutes Company $00
Cypress Lawn Impt CD 0 50 ....
Fischer's Theater .... 2 25
Gas Consumers'. Association 22 'SO
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 16 00
Northern Cal Power , ft CO
North Shore Railroad.. ....
Orpheum Company ............. 18 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel..... 115 co
Parafflne Paint 33 00 ....
San Francisco Drydock »47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works... 150 3 CO
Sausallto Land * Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 - 30 00
Standard Electric .... " 18 00
Tesla Coal Co .... 32 50
Tmckse Electric 13 23 «...
J*et few days from the inarket. The con
fc'n-.mation «f the >=«•» board settlement was a
*J" oring Influence on this claea of stock*.
pointing to tb* possibility -of absorption and
coiwolldatlon RTowir.g out of the recent
troubles and losses caused by the extensive
•hrinkage in stock market value*. Minor rail
read companies which have a strategic value
of position in the nfaU&ff cf rates, even where
tui'ifTected by an intimation that a new
•yndl.-j.to would be formed to take over the
bondhiidirigs of the present cse and under
write tl^ni at C5c. presumably with the pur
pew of Airvrmins of them at a profit to the
pubis-. Nothing- official was forthcoming re
rar<:ir,c the Fjr.dlcate operations before the
tr.ark*i closed. United States Steel preferred
rr.igrit bare been affected by the session of the
trunk l!n- officials to consider the request of
the stec! manufacturers for a reduction on ex
pon ttH freight rates. It was intimated, how
ever, that the railroad* were holding out for
si reduction eteei rails. Very discouraging
• reports were in circulation regarding the rat«
of earning* on the present output of United
E*-atei 6i»*l. end rumor* are very persistent of
the entry of large Interests In the old steel
companies tnto #ome of the independent combi
nations. The adxance of 1% In Republic Ptee!
L referred was a reflection of these rumors.
igbt buying for f rjreign account vas a factor
In the strength of the day's markets. The re
tention Of the rresent rate of discount of the
Ear.k cf England helped the foreign market*
and tbe advance In exchange rates here In
dicates that our r-Tf«rure {<>r « ;cl(1 WM r* 1 **** 1 -
Tbe outgo to the Icterior from the sub-treas
wry was en a rnoce.-aie scale again, and al
though New York exchange at Chicago rose
to a «!lgnt premium. fioo.COO of the transfers
were fcr thot !>oim. Minor railroad stocks
tnaintalned their conspicuous position of the
¦¦• the opening prico and quite active. There
tv»k notr'.ng in the news of tbe day to account
To- tbe strength In United States Steel pre
ferred, "but the identity of the brokers most
largely concerned la the buying caused the in-
Jereace that they were acting for tbe pre
ferred etock c&avension syr.illcate. Reports cir
culated In the day seemed to show that this
bu'yirg wa» incident to the closing of the «yn
d-ca'c's operations preparatory to its dissolu
tion The •eccr.d bonds rose vigorously 2\
on this report, the assumption being that the
bond holdings of t!ie syndicate had been mar
keted Tbe strength cf bonds seemed to be
X^TW TCRX, Nev. 19.— Prices in the stock
market «how«d a tendency to harden slowly
efjaia to-day. T*-.e most active stock was
United States Steel preferred, aad the late
strength cf that stock eaved the market from
*-.r reaction caused fcy profit-taking on the
•*rt of traders and trade the closing strong
New York Stock Market.
1 EASTERN MARKETS.
ST. JOSEPH. '
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Nov. 19. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts 1.100; active, steady to strong; natives,
$3 50;g5 35: cows and heifers, $1 60@4 65;
stockers and feeders. $2 50^4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. MOO; steady, to 5c higher;
light, $4 €0®4 80; medium and heavy, $4 45®
4 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1700: active; lambs, $5 25;
wethers. $2 65; ewes, $» 25.
OMAHA, Nebr.. 'Nov. 19.— CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 3500; strong and active; natives, $3 75
0^5 25- cows and heifers, $2 75@3 50; Western
steers. $C(g4 75; Texas steers, $2 75@3 65;
range cows and heifers. $2 10@3 25; canners,
$1 60<g2 20; stocke»« and feeders. $2 60@4; na
tives. $3ii5: bulls and stags, $1 60@2 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 5000; 5®10c higher; heavy.
$4 5O@4 75: mixed. $4 40£4 50; light. $4 45Q»
4 00; pigs. $4 40#4 55: bulk. $4 40@4 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, GOOO; market • active, and
steady; Western yearlings $3 35@3 65; weth
ers $3 20S3 50; ewes. $2 5O<33 20: common and
stockers. $2@2 40; lambs, $3 5O@4 75. ,
OMAHA.
High grade Salinas and Oregon Burbanks
continued firm under a steady . demand for
local consumption. Trading in river Bur
banks was quite active and although supplies
were plentiful. . prices were firmer. Dealers
reported a steady inquiry from outside points,
but no orders were placed, as prices were too
high to admit of profitable shipping. Carried
over offerings of Sweet Potatoes were closely
cleaned up and a car | of fresh stock was on
Bale and cleaned up readily at the previously
quoted rate. Onions ,/ were unchanged with
fancy offerings in limited supply and firm
Receipts of String and Wax Beans from Los
Angeles were more liberal than on the preced
ing day and prices were shaded. The demand,
however, continued active at the easier rates.
Receipts of Peas from the same section were
liberal and came to hand in poor condition,
and prices had a sharp decline. Bay Toma
toes were in ample supply and rather easy,
while Los Angeles lots met with a good de
mand at $1 25 per crate. Garlic was Very
scarce, with prices largely nominal. Receipts
of other vegetables were light and; prices
were ' well sustained. /
POTATOES— Burbankst from the river, 55^
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 40 per ctl-
Oregon Burbanks. 75c@$l 15 per ctl: River
Reds. 50®65c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 25
per ctl
ONIONS — 85c(g$l 25 per ctl for fancy and
6O(0'75c for lower grades.
VEGETABLES— Green Pea*. 2%«r3Hc per
lb; String Beans. 3^®5c per lb: Wax, 4©5c-
Lima Beans. 3%@5c per lb: Tomatoes, 50c@$t
per box: Cummer Squash. $1@1 25 per box for
bay and 75®85c for Los Angeles; Cabbage 60c
per ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumbers $1
0125 per box; Garlic, 607c per lb; Green
Peppers. 25®40c per box for Chile and 350 50c
for Bell; Egg Plant, 40@50c per box; Marrow
fat Squash $10®15 per ton; Hubbard, $15j?20
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
Latest mail advices from New York say of
Hops: "Telegraphic advices received from
Washington reported strong market in that
State. Growers were reported Indifferent sell
ers at ruling figures, it being figured that only
12.500 bales of the crop remain in their hands.
Advices from other coast markets reported
demand quiet, ' but prices firmly maintained
for prime to choice grades, but ragged for the
low grades. Reports from up the State were
of firm markets. It was stated that a prom
inent Western brewer was making inquiries
for choice grades, and that there also was an
export demand. Prices were firm on the basis
of 30@31c for choice. The local market held
steady to firm with a moderate amount of
hops moving into brewers' hands in the way
of deliveries on . contracts. Foreign markets
were reported unchanged."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l>4c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9c; medium, Sc: light, 7V4c: Cow Hldss,
7«ic for heavy and 7^c for light; Stacs, 5c;
Salted Kid. 0c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf,
10>A®llc: dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®30c each;
short Wool. 40S60c each; medium. 70©«0c;
1-ng Wool. $1«1 60 each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 75 for laree and $262 50 for medium. $1 25
Cl 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides dry. $1 "5 for 'ar*e and $1 50 for me
dium ' $161 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck' Skins— Drv Mexican. 32c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 32c. Goat
pklns prime Angoras, 75c: large and smooth.
00c: medium, 35c: small. 20c. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No
2 4c: grease. 2Vi®3c. j
• WOOL Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 93
lie- Mldftls County, ll©12c; Northern Free,
il«'l°c* Northern Defective, 10@llc: Humboldt
and Slendocino. 12@14c: Nevada. 13@15c; Ore
con fine. lSffl9c: Oregon medium, lie per lb.
HOPS— 19-822C per lb for California and «10@
22c for Oregon.
Hides, Wool, Tallow -and Hops.
Receipts of Beans were suddenly heavier
yesterday, being 10,001 sacks. Prices showed
no further variation. ; Dealers report a
steadier feeling In most kinds, with rather
more inquiry.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 2502 40; Pea. $303 25-
Butters, $3 25; small White. $2 75©3- large
White. $2 35<&2 60; Pink. $2 25®2 50;' Red
$3@3 25; Lima. $2 75<$2 95; Red Kidneys'
$4 25; Blackeye. $2 15(g2 35 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 50@2.
SEEPS — Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus
tard. $2 C5@2 85; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary
1><3Z> ',4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll®14c- Rape
l%@'-i,4e; Timothy. 6(g«^c: Hemp, 3^®3Hc
per lb: Millet. 3@3^c; Broom Corn Seed. $200
23 per ton. "
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 80@2 per ctl
Beans and Seeds.
Them la no further change to report under
this head. Feedstuffs are heavy, and the wet
weather Is interfering with the regular morn
ing Hay market by keeping buyers away.
BRAN— $20<a21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20<g2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20^21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $24 6OS25
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26<J?28 50-
Jobbing. $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake $21®2° :
Corn Meal. $30©31: Cracked Corn, $.10 50®
31 50: Mixed Feed, $22 50023 60; Horse Beans
$30<@40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $14®1C 50; Wheat and Oat
$13 50016 50; Oat. $13#15; Wild Oat, $11 50®
13 50; Barley. $US13; Stock. $103-11; Alfalfa
$10012 50 per ton.
STRAW — J06G5c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9?^c: three
half barrels. 9Wc; one tierce. 8^ic; two tierces,
8c: five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Chicago was firm, but showed little fluctua
tion. This market remained as before quoted.
CURED MEATS — Bacon.. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12^4c for light , medium, 14^c for light.
15^c for extra liirht, 18%c for sugar-cured
and 20@21i4c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14J4c; California. Hams,
13<!ic; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12@12 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork. $18;
extra clear. $24; Mm, $19; Dry Salted Pork.
J2c; Pig Pork, $2S; Figs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — TUrces quoted at 7Uc per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrels, pure,
S»Uc; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, i)"ic; 3-lb tins,
10c.
Provisions.
Wall Street Stocks.
R»nry CVWs financial circular sar«: "The
* "k> developments were net of an unfavora
l>!» nature. The rr.ost encouraging change wai
tfc* drop in sterling exchange, due to Increase!
cfWinps cf cotton and banker*' Mlls n also to
fimewhat warier conditions in London. En
tranemvntF agpresatir.K nearly $C.0O0.00ft of «<>l<i
hav» already b»-»>n ir.a'i*. and more Is likely to
lollow in spite of th» opposition of the Bank
of England. wMcJi. recognizing our. power to
drsw gnl<l. failed tn advance the bank rate as
ir.ticipstM. Cottcn exports, which have brer,
delayed ty backward eron conditions, are now
b*ir* rushe-i forward, adding materially to th<>
¦apply of ex'-nang*. The new security issues
of Pernsylvania. Lake Shore and other road*.
•pprccatin<r al^ut tHV>.o<X).(«v>. \ri!I also pro
¦ vide a »nore liberal Fupply of exchange, as 11
•"T^i durable portion of if>ese m-!ll no doubt find
a ready rr.arket In Eurci>e. While the placing
of these reci;r:tics when congestirn Is fo prev
alent if hardly a PUS argument, it nevertheless
Fhr-ws a cor.fiiler.ee anont bi«r bankers that
«ifd net exist a few weeks ago. The mon^y
thus obtained Is imperatively needed by our
»rr»>at mflrca/is to meet growing traffic. Its »i
j-»-n^:t'.!re will inruf fresh life Into the Iron
trade and k**"p much !ah»r well employed, ari
the Kec-jriUes which these outlays represent
car.nc't be accused of oarryinjr any water. They
arc perfectly legitimate creation*, and repre-
Ver.t rofitive growth an4 real necessities; so
thet even un<i?r present conditions they ar
likely to be .readily absorbed at a j>ric» by in
vfstinj? c1»sf«« abroad and here."
JVeather Report.
'12^th Meridian— Paring Time.)
PAN PBAVCXSOO. Nov. 1»— 5 p. m.
The fo!l'".w;rj: are the s*>aiK>nal rainfalls to
Sate. h> compared with thn*e of the same date
!spt F( i a*'iii..aiH the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hi-mrs:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka O.TA 0.00 13.13
V.r< Bluff 1.92 !i.£6 lf».C8
facrarr.ento 0.4K 2.17 3.69
San Francisco . O.C5 I."-*; :!.»iS
Kr. s.-.o O.O8 O.26 2.67
Independence O.OO T. 0..T9
S. L. Ob.spo fl.f« 0.16 3.:tS
;, Ar.s'Uts 0.<X> 0.43 2.47
Baa Dleco 0.00 0.05: 1.52
THE COAST RECORD.
•a i s r~ i 5
STATIONS, r = 2= Wi c I
r £ = E"?"" .¦* —
'• ~ % '¦ '. 5
I'akor 2S.<S 40 30 FK Clouiiy T.
<-i — -i C2 24 SW Cloudy T.
Eureka 2:>.74 CO f»S K Cloudy .r.il
Kara! k n ?¦).<+> Ti»> 54 S Rain .56
Fresno :y>.no 5S 52 SE ClouJy .«"H
FllSStaff 30.06 T4 24 ?W Cloudy J*J
ln-3»>r.en(ier.ee .23. « r.S 34 NW Cloudy .00
1^> Armeies... r,r..o»; «w no W Cloudy .00
lit Tiira!pi!.«.S).'a) f.-_» 42 FE Rain .««
Kortk B««4...3».eo 46 42 SE Ooudy .60
I'hi-cr.ix 30.04 74 48 W Pt.Cldy .f"O
Portland 29.fi4 3M 34 S Rain .42
Point Reyes... 2I>. 74 5»* 5<) SE Rain .36
Red BlufT 23. 7* K 46
P.rsebunr 23.66 54 3S S Rain .0,1
Facrainento . .23.W? <!0 4S SE Rain .43
8a!t I^ake P.O.OS 42 24 NW near .00
Fan Francise-c.29.fcR «rt 50 P Cloudy .24
5 L Obispo. ..TO.OC <a 3S S Rain .08
Fan Diego 30. 04 CS 4S NW Clear .00
Seattle 23.5$ 46 SS SE Rain .ft4
'Frxvkane 29. ** 30 22 E ClouSy T.
Tatoosh 23.44 R0 36 E Rsin .36
Walla Walla.. 23. 80 30 26 SW Rain .04
Winnerrueca . 23. K2 M 32 B Cloudy T.
Turr.a 23. »« 7«i 4S E Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
. The ftorm continues en the coast and has
caused rain over Calif oroia north of the Te
hachapl. Hiffh winds are reported at many
The temperature fca* fallen about 10 degrees
in the San Joa*juin Valley and ha« risen about
6 degree's in the Sacramento Valley; elsewhere
it has been nearly stationary.
The followirnr maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatooea, M miles per hour, from the
east: North Head. 36. east; Eureka, 34. south
east: Point Reree, &5. southeast; Southeast
Karalloo. 42. southeast; Sacramento, 82, south- ,
Forecast cad* at San Francisco for thirty
hours enfiin* midnight. November 20:
Northern Calif crola — Rain Friday; briik to
tish southeast winds.
Southern California — Probably rain Friday;
fresh southerly winds.
Nevada — Rain or how Friday.
gan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettlei
w-ather Friday, with showers; brUk to high
eoutheriy^w^n restrict Forecaster.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 60@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 OOS'4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 00<g4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, 17;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. S4 50^4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks, $6 75ig8 10;
Pearl Barley, $«; Split- Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 CO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The police were notified yesterday
that a thief had visited a building In
course of erection on Bush and "Web
ster streets and stolen several articles
belonging to the workmen. E. Maaserg
of 247 Oak street lost an overcoat, Wal
ter Bishop of 620 Folsom street a silver
watch. Martin Coburn of 253 Capn^
street a gold watch and chain and "W.
W. Eccles of 3340 Mission street a new
pair of shoes. No one saw the thief
around the building.
Steals Workmen's Effects.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 24S2&C for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. c b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 60-lb boxes— I.oose Muscatel. 2-crown,
BMc per lb; 3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown. 64c: Seed
less Muscatels. 4Hc; do floated. 4%c: un
bleached Sultanas.i 4%c; Thompson's Seedless,
64c. London Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 6*crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per lb: do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4VJc; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do. 2%c.
Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy. 8c per
lb: choice. 7%c: 12-oz packages, fancy. 6%c;
choice. 6%c: In bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13%©14c;
No. 2. 114@l2c; No. 1 hardshelL 13<gl3%c;
No. 2, Il@ll4c; Almonds, lie f or OJonpareiis,
104c for I X L, 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
S%c for Lansuedoc: Peanuts, 6@7c for East
em: Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts, 8®10c per lb.
HONEY — Comb, ll@13c for white and 9©10o
for amber; water white extracted, r.p.'Vic; light
amber extracted, 4V4®5c; dark, 34@4c.
BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb. ,
Dried FruitSjNuts, Raisins, Honey
10 Contra Costa Water 40 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 44 00
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 114 624
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 00
$1000 S P Cal 1st Con 5s (stamped)... .107 00
50 Spring Valley Water Co 39 CO
60 S F G & E, trustees' certificates. 69 25
Street—
$10,000 S F & 3 J V Bonds 116 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 75
$1000 S P of Arizona (1900) 107 50
40 Spring Valley Water Co 38 25
Street—
10 Makawell 23 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. i Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 1104111H <¦ Qr cp new.134%135^
4s qr reg 110%lllVi!3a qr coup... 107% 108 V»
/ MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. — — Do 5s 10SH1094
Bay CPC 5s.l02%103% Do con 5s. — 104
Cal C G 5s.. 1054 — O W C g 5s. — 97
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s 75
m & ct 5s. — 1024 Oc C RCs... 120 123
Cal-st 5s.... — — Pac G Im 4s — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s. 10641084
E L & P 6s. 120 — P & C H 6s. — —
F & C H 6«. — 117 P & O R 6S.116H12O
Geary-«t 5s. 45 9O JPowell-et 6S.113& —
H C&S 5%s.l01 — !S E G&R 5s. — 100»4
II C & S 5s. — 100 jSF & SJV5S.1164 —
Hon R T 6s.lO44106 S R of C 6s. 1124 —
L A Elec 58.10441054 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. 112 113«4 (1909) 10741M
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 108 Va —
Do gtd 68. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd os.102%105 <19O5)Sr A.10C%103U
LAP lem 59.100 -7 <1906)Sr B.103%104
Mkt-st C 6s. 118 — (1906) 104^105
Do lem 58.112 114 (1912) 114%1154
NRR of C6s.lO6% — SPC lcr 5s. — —
Do 5s 1144 — Do stmpil.106% —
N P C R 5s. 105 107 S P B R 6s. — 134
NCR 5s.... 109 — B V W 6S...10RH10C4
N C P C 5«. — — 1 Do 4s 2dm. 98% —
N S R R 5s. — 95 I Do 4» Mm. — 99
O G L H 5S.107 — Stkn G&E 6s 9« 102'$
O T Co 6s.. — 118 lU G * E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKa
Contra Costa 39% 42 iPort Costa.. — —
Martn Co.... 61 — JEp V W Go. 89H 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 4%!S F G & B. eS4 —
Mutual E L. 9% — iS F Gas L. 3 —
Pac G Im.. B5 554 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 55% — U G * E.. — —
Sap E G&R. — — I
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E.. 6S4 69
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 350
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P & A.. — 170
Anglo-Cal . . 80 85 Mer Trust . .230 —
Bank of Cal.445 4G0 Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 1524 S F Nationl. — —
First Natnl.. — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 23CO Sav & L So, 95 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. — 110 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 (Presidio .... 394 —
Geary — 8° I
POWDER.
Giant 65 66 JVigorit — 44
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. . — 80c Kllauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 43% 45 Makawell C. 234 —
Honokaa S C 13 134 Onomea S C. — 32
Hutch SPC 10U 10% Paauhau S C — 15%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.146 — Oceanic S C. — 6%
Cal Fruit A» 924 93 Pao A F A. 4 5
Cal Wine As 90 91 Pac C Borx.167 — 1
Morning Session.
Board —
THURSDAY. Nor. 19-.-2 p. m
Stock and Bond Exchange.
! CHICAGO. Nov. 19. — Wheat ruled irtrong
early in the day on active support from a
prominent operator and. Influenced by some
: higher cable* and after opening a shade lower
j to H@Kc higher at 79S79 % c, December ad
1 vanced to 79 %c. Northwest traders seemed
I to have wheat for sale and on the advance
I there was considerable realising by longs, and
j while there was a fair demand the buying was
I not sufficient to prevent a loss of early gains.
: December reacted to 78%c. Shorts covered
* quite freely on the decline and prices again
advanced, but the market showed little
strength the latter part of the session. De
cember clewed unchanged at 79@79%c.
Corn — Receipts dropped off materially in
1 spite cf excellent weather for the movement
i and this fact was the chief factor in eupport
ing prices. After selling between 42^#42%o
: December closed %c lower at 42%c.
December oats were In fair demand from
! Fhorts throughout the day and with only
! small offerings, the market ruled strong at
! times, but selling by local traders' held prices
I down. December closed %c higher at 34%c.
j Provisions sold over narrow ranges of prices
I and the volume of trade was small and xnost
; ly of local account. Pork closed 5c higher,
' lard and ribs being each 74c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low.^«Close.
¦Wheat No. 2—
Dec. new 7!Hi 79% 78% 79H
May 78% 7S% 78 7SVi
July 74% 74% 74^, 74&
Corn No. 2 —
December 42% 42% 424 42%
May 42H 42H 41*4 41 7^
July 42 424 41% 41%
Oats No. 2 —
December S4% S5% 34% 34%
May 35% 35% 35H 35%
Mes* Pork, per barrel —
January 11 52 14 11 55 , 11 50 11 6214
May 11 65 11 70 11 60 11 67H
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 0 074' 8 724 6 624 6 724
May 6 674 6 724 6 624 6 724
Short Ribs per 100 pounds —
; January 6 12& 6 l~\i 6 10 6 17»i
; May 625 6 25 620 625
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 3 spring wheat. 784@Slc;
J No. 2 red. S2%'g83%c: No. 2 corn, 42^c; No.
2 yellow. 44i4<345c; No. 2 oats, SS4c; No. 3
white. 344@3Sc; No. 2 rye, 534@54c; good
feeding barley, 36@2Sc; fair to choice malt
ing. 4tt#5Sc; No. 1 flaxseed. 94c; No. 1 North
western. $1; prime timothy seed, $2 S5; mess
) pork, per barrel, $11 37 He'll 50; lard, per 100
pour.ds $6 974136 90; Ehort ribs sides (loose).
$6 75(37 25; short clear sides (boxed). $6 60<{^
6 624; whisky, basis of high /wines, $1 25;
•clover, contract grade, $10 60.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
j Flour, barrels 34.100 280 900
; Wheat, bushels 236,100 32.400
Corn, bushels 139,500 198,100
Oats bushels 1S5.3O0 208.600
Rye. bushels 8,500 2.300
Barley, bushels 99.500" 42,100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
markei was firm. Creameries. 16@22%c: Dai
riee. 1SS19C. Eggs, firm. 22£24c Cheese,
steady, 10®12c
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening 6 4% 6 4% 6 2%
Closing «4% 6 4% 6 2%
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar. -June.
Opemng 2100 20 95
Closing 20 95 20 95
Flour-
Opening 29 10 28 40
Closing 23 85 28 35
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
9000. including 1000 Texans; steady; good to
prime steers. $5 15®5 60; poor to medium,
$3 50@4 90: stockers and feeders, $1 75®4 15;
cows. $1 50S4 25; heifers, $2ig4 75: canners,
$1 50^2 40; bulls, $2#4 30; calves. $3 50@7 25;
Texas £fd steers, $2 75@3 55; Western steers,
$3 10tfT4 15. , ,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow, I
25,000; strong to 5c higher: mixed and butchers. .
$4 60(54 80; good to choice heavy, $4 55®4 70; j
rough heavy. *4 3004 50: light. $4 40@4 70; \
bulk of sales, $4 60@4 70.
SHEEP — Receipts. 16,000; sheep, steady: i
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $3 60®
4 25; fair to choice mixed. $2 75@3 60; Western
sheep, $3 7504; native lambs, $3 75ff5 60;
Western lambs, $3 3O®5. •
Chicago Grain Market.
The Ean Francisco Gas and Electric stock
pool held by the Mercantile Truat Company
has been dissolved, the necessity for It having
passed, and the holders of the Trustees' Certffl
cates are requested to exchange their certifi
cates for stock of the company by depositing
the former with the Mercantile Trust Com
pany on or after November 23 for transfer.-
The Champion Mlnea Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 20 cents
per share, delinquent December IS.
Trading was light on all the local exchanges
yesterday, with no fluctuations worthy of men
tion.
their earning rower is small, are considered to
hf destined for ultimate absorption by the
larger railroad system*.
The bond market was notably firm and be
came decidedly more active. Total Bales,
fl,lT4.CM>.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
: the last ca!t.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — fiajps. High. Low. Close.
! Atchieon 20.400 05% 65 fi5%
! Atchison pM 900 BOH M>\ I*>H
Balto & Ohio 14,500 76Vs 75Hi 76
I Halto & Ohio pfd.. 400 87' 4 87 87
I Canadian Pacific .. 1,700 119^ 118% 11»4
! Central of N J 154
1 <*heji & Ohio 4.&00 80V 29** 3°H
I ("ttcairo & Alton.. 2.&00 Z2M 31 Vb 32
J rr,t 4 Alton pfd 6(5
<~hi & a w 2.300 15% lsv; iss
CM & G W B pfd. 900 27', 261* 27?,
Chicago & N W... 600 164 V» 163 1B4
Chi Term & Tran .' 8^i
Chi Term & T pfd. 200 US 18 I8V4
I C C C & St Louis. 100 71 71 71 *»
• Colo Southern 1.X0U I3«fc 12% 13
! Colo So 1st pfd ... 20ft 53S 63 53
j Colo So 2d rM •• 4<»O 21% 21% 21%
j Delaware & Hudson 100 157 157 1J6
D-I Lack & West. 200 235» 239 239 H
Denver & R G ... 3<K> 20 1914 19%
Denver & R G pfd. 700 6T^ f-6^, 67'4
Erie 19.600 27H 27^ 27>4
Er!« 1st r-M 3,000 t57^ 66*% 6T
Erie 2d pfd 1,000 49 1 * i>% 49
Great Nor pfd 160
Hocking Valley ... 200 71 71 70%
Hocking Val pfd .. 2>v) B3% 83 S3
Illinois Central ... 1.4nr> 129'h 129»i 129^
Iowa CentraJ 100 21% 21H 21
Iowa Central pfd.. 1"O 37 37 36V4
Kansas City So ... 100 l*i; 18U 1S^-
Kansas City Po pM 100 S3Vi 334 33\i
Louis & Nafh 2,000 U2H 101 ** 102
Manhattan L 1.900 139% 139% 139^
Met Pt Ry l.W'O m 114S 114^,
Minn A- St Louia.. l"0 «W fiO &«
Missouri Pacific .. 12. 100 S*> T i 8f>7» 80%
Mo Kan & Tex .. 1.700 17'j 17 17'*
Mo Kan & Tex piA 3,"0O 30% 36 36%
N R R of Mex pfd 1<*> 37 37 T.7%
N Y Central 3.U0>> US 117»i 117%
Norfolk & Western !>C0 MVi 55% 56 U
Norfolk & West j..fd 82
Ontario & Western 2. f.00 20 T 8 20 H 20%
Pennsylvania 71.500 115 113T, lH'i
mtu CC&SL. &5
Reading 2tJ,000 41% 40^ 41 Vi
Reading 1st pfd ... 100 76 76 75
Reading 2d pfd ... 20» iJS T « 67 584
Rock Island Co ... 10.3M 24\ 23 T i 244
Rock Island Co pfd 1.100 5U'j 59^ 59
St L & S F 54
.« L & S F 1st pfd. 60
S L A- S F 2d pfd. 2,»00 45 43% 45
St Louis S iW 200 l.t% 13^3 13li
St Louis S W pfd. 500 M 31 31 »a
St Paul 25.200 139 137% 13-S 7 ,
£t Faul pfd 200 17:14 1?34 l»2"' t
fck>uthern racific .. 20.000 41^ 42«* 43 H
Southern Ry 5.000 l«ii» 18 1S%
Southern Ry pfd .. 1,100 75% 75 75',-i
Texas & Pacific .. 1,800 2-5^ 23 i-J^
Tol St L A W T..K0O 22 1014 21 **
Tol St L & \V pfd :t.SOO 3.1 31% 3.T.4
Union Pacific 24,300 7'J*« 71?i 72*i
Union Pacific pfd 86
\Yaba5h 1.&0O 13% 19*» W%
Wabash pM 13.4CO 304 33'i, 35H
Wheel & Lake Erie 14
Wisconsin Central.. 3,100 17% 10% 17 4
Wisconsin Cen pJd. 2.»X> SS% 3*1^ 37S
Express Companies —
Adams 219
American 190
United States 100
Wells-Fargo 193
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper .. 27,gO0 39% 3S% 89%
Am Car & Foundry 400 IS", 19>^ 19Ti
Am Car & F pfd... 700 67 CCVi 67
Am Linseed Oil 9
Am Lin Oil pfd 25
Am Locomotive ... 2,500 14 14 14
Am Loco pfd 78
Am Smelt & Ref... 4.9C0 444 43 44
Am Smelt & R pfd. 4"0 87», fe7 87H
Am Sugar Refining S,4<«> 11»% U*Vi 118%
Anaconda Min Co. . 100 65 65 67
Brooklyn Rap Tran 12,900 39% :» S9V^
Colo Fuel & Iron..\ 400 20% 2S!4 27
Columbus & H Coal \ 104
Consolidated Gas .. 400 1774 H74 177^,
General Electric .. 2,300 157 132 156i 2
Internat Paper 11
Internat Paper pfd. 200 62 01^4 61 >£
Internat Pump 30
Internat Pump pfd 6.8
National Biscuit .. 200 37 S5Vi 37
National Lead 114
North American 71
Northern Securities 88*4
Pacific Mail 400 26% 25 26
Peoples Gai 2.000 »5H 64H 04%
Pressed SteeJ Car.. 1.500 28% 27% 2«V|
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 6*% 6S% 70
Pullman Pal Car j 210
Republic Steel .... 2.900 7% " 7Vi 74
Republic Steel pfd. 2,000 52 49% 52'
Rubber Goods 134
Rubber Goods pfd.. 200 69% -. 60 ffl»V»
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.500 29^i • 2«>-i 2»
IT 8 Leather 300 "V4 7H 7>£
U S Leather pfd... t>00 77 70^4 77>-i
U S Rubber 100 8% S% s%
U S Kubber pfd 500 36^ SfiU 3CU
U S Steel 17.900 11% 11 11%
U 8 Steel pfd 11.700 53 52% 52 T i
Western Union 200 SiV t 64»i S4
Total s aJes ...570,400
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YOP.IC. Nov. 19.— Bond transaction.
united Railroads of Ean Francisco: 1000 at
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg... 1(10% Hocking V 4V-*..1O6
Do 2s coup lCC=i L & Naeh unf 4s. 9S
Do 3a rec lC'-li Manhattan eg 4s 102 U
Do 3s coup lCTij. Mexican Cen 4s...' 71%
Do new 4s reg.l34V* Do let lnc ... 14?
Do n»w 4s coup.U4'i!M:nn &. St L 4s 97
Do eld 4s reg... lio^,j Mo, K & T 4s ' OS i
Do old 4s coup.llOUj Do 2ds 75U
Do 5» rcg 10H. | National Mx c 4s. 75Vi
Do 5s coup 101V4]N- Y Cen gen 3»<,s C»9»t
Atchlsoa pen 4s.. ICO |x j Con gen 5s 130
AtehUon edj 4s... £64'No Pacific 4s....lO2«4
Atlantic C L 4s.. 02i*! Do 3s .. 70
B & Ohio 4s 100'i N fc w con Vs'" 97 '
j Do 04» 95 [Ore SL 4s * par. 01%
On cf Gi 5s 103'ijPenn conv »i 95
Do 1st lnc 6414 Reading B en 49.." 87
Ches & Ohio 4HB101U StL & I M con 5s 110%
Chi & Alton 3»s... 73 1st L & S F tg 4s H"ii
C. B & Q new 4s. 03% 1st L S W leu 03 *
C. M&St P gen4s.lO9 Seaboard A L 4g 72U
Clii & NW con 79.130H So Pacific 4s... 67U
Chi RI&PacHR4s. 71 Southern Ry 5s. .'.112%
Do col os 73 Tex & Pac lsts 117U
CCC& StL gen 4s 06% Tol. StL & W 4s '. 70
Chi Ter 4s 70^! Union Pac 4s... i(r>»i
Con Tob 4s 55%! U P conv 4s. 94
Colo t So 4b 84 US Steel 2d 5s" 70
C F & I Con 5s.. C7 Wabash lsts . ..'.'113
Den & R G 4s^. W> Do Deb B 5714
Erie prior ll»n 4s. 8SU Wheel & L E 4s. 83?.
Erie gen 4a SSvi Wis Cea 4s gjj
F W & D C lst-.100»i
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con lOlOntario 6 00
Alice 13 Ophlr .1 jr.
Breece 10 Phoenix an
Cometock Tun 05 Potosi ( 07
<' C i \'m ....... 90 Savare 11
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev 21
Iron Silver 1 S5 Small Hopes .... 15
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 00
Little Chief OC
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — iWestlnghss Com.. 67
Call loans 5@o; Mining-
Time loars 54f<J Adventure 3W
Bends — iAIIouez 4
Atchison 4s 5K»',, Amalgamated .... SiHi
Mei Cent 4s C94;Daly West S5
Railroads — jBinghara ........21%
Atchison 05% Calumet & Hecla.445'
Atehiscn pfd R'.)%, Centennial 15
Boston Sl Albany. 24s iCopper Range.... 44%
Boston & Maine. 171 'Dominion Coal 74
Boston Ele%-ated..l40 Frwiklln 7V4
N Y". N H & H...195 ilele Royale 5%
Kltchburg pfd 1354|Mobawk 37
Union Pacific 72% Old Dominion.... SV>
Mexican Central.. &W Oeceola 57"
Miscellaneous — -Psirrot IS
American Sugar.. HS^'Vulncr 80
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 08»i $1 OOtf $1 08»i $1 00
2 p. m. Session.
December — $1 C9.
OATS — The market has turned weak. The
rainy weather naturally Imparts more or leas
softness and Oreson and Washington are now
offering heavy lines for sale here, and these
two factors combined are tending to lower
the quotations. Even black are quoted some
what lower and are I now freely offered, as
those who have been holding for the seed
demand are fretting rid of their holdings.
Whit* *1 20@l 30; Black. $1 40<gl 60; Red,
$1 10@l 22H for feed antf $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Gray, nominal; none here.
CORN— Western descriptions are lower and
California are also weak. The whole market
is dull.
Western sacked. $1 27^01 30 for Yellow,
$1 30 for White and $1 25<gl 27% for mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 30@l 35; sroau
round do, $1 40^1 60; White. $1 25@1 30 per
ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
Exchange. and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange." sixty: days.... — $4 80H
Sterling Exchange, eight .... — 4 SiVi
8terling Exchange, cables — 4 85H
New York Exchange, sight ...... — 02^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05 ,
Silver, per ounce .% — 68%
Mexican Dollars — 45 ,
Wheat and Other Grains. ;
WHEAT — The foreign consumptive markets
continue well supplied from the producing
countries, and are showing little change from
week to week.
The Cincinnati Price Current states thattB*
condition of the crop Is favorable. Minneapo
lis reports an increase in the Flour output
last week of 40.000- barrels, and the millers
report the domestic demand heavy but the ex
port demand light, aa the foreigners ara hold
ing off to- see how the Argentina . crop Is
going to turn out. Chicago was unchanged and
featureless. * •
In this market futures were weak, but there
was nothing new in the cash grain.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 45; California' White
Australian. $1 60«l 55; Northern Club. $1 40®
1 42^; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@l 65; Oregon
Valley, $1 40@l 45 per ctL f
FUTURES. v .7
Session 9 to 11:80 a, m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$134% $135 $184% $134%
May 133 133 * 1 83 133
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 82%.
BARLEY — The continued rainy weather kept
the market quiet and weak, with no change
in the cash grain. There were more aellers
than buyers. ,
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12%'ffl 13%: Shipping and Brew-
Ing, $1 17%ei 22H; Chevalier. $1 20®l 45 for
fair to choice.
NEW YORK, NoV. 19.— FLOTTR— Receipts.
20,000 barrels; exports, 11,000 barrel*; steady,
but quieter
WHEAT— Receipts, 164,400 bushels: exports,
20f»,100 bushels; spot, dull; No. 2 -red. 66 T 4e
elevator; No. 2 red, 87*»c f. o. b. afloat. De
cember wheat opened firm and higher on
further demands from shorts, but later gave
way with Western markets, following larger
Northwest, receipts, a poor export demand and
stop-loss selling. The close showed &o net
decline. May, S2 1 S@83%c. closed at S3c; July.
79 T ,ieS0c, closed at 70%c; December. 80»g©
81 %c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw. nominal. Refined, quiet
COFFEE — Spot, steady. Futures closed 5
points lower: sales. 63.750 baj?s. Including
! January. 5.0CSg5.6Cc- March, 5.80@5.S5c; April,
I 5.05c; May. tS36.05<\
; DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market con
| tinues easy. Common are quoted at 4®5c;
prime, 5Hg5%c; choice, e^Vic; fancy, 7a
PRUNES — Quiet in the local market, with
prices held at about the former level. Quo-
I tations range from 2 He to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Rule quiet. Choice are quoted
at i^i<e»Hc; extra choice, lOglO^c;- fancy,
n^mic.
PEACHES— Dull; choice. 7H©7?4c; extra
choice, 7*;@8}ic; fancy, 9^4(?10Vic
New York Grain and Produce.
CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranges. $29
3 50 per box; Navels, $2©3 50; Seedlings, $2®
2 25; Lemons. $162 50 per box; Grape Fruit,
$1 5O@2 50; Mexican Limes, $455; Bananas,
$1 25©1 75 per bunch for Hawaiian and $2 50
®3 for Central American; Pineapples, $2g2 50
per dozen.
PERSIMMONS — 50@90c per box.
GRAPES — 60@60c for small boxes, 65£S5c
for cratee, and $1 25@1 75 for large opea
boxes.
CRANBERRIES — Cape Cod. $11011 60; Jer
seys. $10@10 75 per bbl; Coos Bay. $2 5O®3
per box.
APPLES— Fancy Spltzenbergs, $2 23 per box
for Oregon and $1 5001 75 for California;
other varieties, $1@1 25 for fancy. 75@S5c for
choice and 25050c for common; Christmas Ap
ples. $1 50@2 50.
PEARS — $1 25@1 50 per box for fancy Win
ter Nellis and &O@75c for other varieties.
QUINCES — 4O@6Oc per box.
POMEGRANATES— 75@85c for imall boxes
and $1 50®2 60 for large.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $5012 per
chest: large berries $4g6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5®S per chest.
Trade In fruits was quite active for a few
hours In the morning, but the market was
very dull during the greater part of the day.
Grapes had the most call, and although re
ceipts from all sections were liberal, prices
were well maintained and the market was
well cleaned up at the close. Offerings of the
Muscat variety in large ' open boxes were
eagerly sought by retailers, and occasional
lots of strictly fancy stock commanded a pre
mium over the quoted rates. Strawberries
and Raspberries were In light but ample sup
ply . and eold at a wide range as to quality.
Huckleberries were offering again. About 15
boxes came in from Point Arena and sales
were reported at 10c per pound. . Apples ar
rived freely from Humboldt County, and the
market was steady, although' rather quiet.
The other tree fruits were in ample supply
and prices were without quotable change..
The Citrus market was amply supplied with
all descriptions and prices stood about as pre
viously quoted. New crop Tangerines from
Oroville were offering at $1 50 per 20-lb box.
The steamer Sonoma, which sailed yesterday
for Australia and New Zealand, took out sev
eral carloads of Oranges and Lemons, which
were shipped direct from the growing dis
tricts. The Panama steamer brought up 360
cases Of Mexican Limes and 62 crates Pine
apples, which had not been marketed up to a
late hour.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FOR THURSDAY. NOVEMBER la
Flour, qr sks... 14.40?yVooI. bales 4
Wheat. cUs 1.47: 'Shorts, ska 130
Barley.-etls 8.05.". Feed, sks 210
Corn, ctls COC Screenings, eks. 89
Beans, eks 7.916 Tallow, ctls.... 5
Potatoes, slcs... 5,645 Hides. No 90
Onions, eks 450 Pelts, No 239
Bran, sks 685 Quicksilver, flks. 465
Middlings, sks.. 210jLeather. rolls... 16*
Alfalfa seed, ska SOolLune. bbls 4fl$
Hay. tons lSltWIne. gals 39.SOO
Straw, tons 20 Fugar, ctls 4,000
Hops, bales 16 Paper, reams... 47
OREGON.
Potatoes, iks... SS/Wool, bales a
4 WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 16,843[Bran. sks 8.A4O
Wheat, ctls 480 Middlings, sks.. 560
Oats, ctls 2.290 Feed, sks 600
Potatoes, sks... 19S]
Receipts of Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
42s 7^d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed: No. 1 foundry, northern. $15®16:
No. 2 do. $14@15; No. 1. foundry, southern, and
do. soft. $13 50®14. ' :
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 19.— Wool, nominal. Me
dium grades clothing, 17@21%c; light fine. 15®
m£c; heavy fine, 12@14Hc; tub washed. 200
30c. ¦ . ¦ -
Northern Wheat Market.
• .¦
' OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 19. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 74c; bluestem. 7Sc; valley, 77978c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 19.— Wheat, unchanged ;
bluestem, 79o; club. 75c.
I Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Nov. 19. — Clearings, $651,970
balance*. $173,350.
TACOMA. Nov. 19. — Clearings, $340,042;
balances. $47,333.
PORTLAND. Nov. 19.— Clearings, $633,486;
balances. $87,836.
SPOKANR. Xov. 19.— Clearings. $364,380;
balances. $39,458. \
TONOPAH MINES. *
Bld.Ask.f Bld.Atk.
Colehan — 18; Paymaster ... — (X
Espranza ... ¦*— 0t! Rescue 03 M
Gold Mountn.. — ©SiTon Belmrrm. 92 K
Hannapah ... — lOjTonopah Nev.3 CO 6 V
L*icky Tom... 02 OT|Tcrn N Star... 81 3".
MacNamara . — 15 Ton Midway.. 34 SI
Mlzpah Ex;.. — 2=1 United Ton... — V.
Mont Ton 1 10 1 1^1
THURSDAY. Not. 19^ — i p. m.
Bid.Ask. ' Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia 03 06
Alta .-: 01 « Justic* 10 11
Andes 15 1« Kentuc* 03 P3
Belcher 1H 15 Keyes Graislr — 1 5*<->
Best & B?lch.l 25 1 M Mexican «3 €3
Bullion 07 0* Occidental ... 5-1 53
Caledonia .... 91 t>4 Ophir 1 3»> 1 35
Challenge ... 1* 1* Overman .... 13 13
Chollar 10 11 Potosi CO 11
Confidence ... 60 50! Savage 13 It
Ccn C & Va.. 93 MiPcorpion 01 03
Con Imperial. 02 03;Se« Belcher.. 03 06
Con N X 02 03iSl»rra Nev.... 27 T>
Crown Point.. 11 12 Silver Hill.... 64 35
Eureka Con.. — 5T. St Louis 11 " —
Exchequer ... 11 li Syndicate .... 04 06
Gould & Cur.. 2O 21 Union Con.... 34 37
Hale Sc Nor... 46 48 Utah 11 13
Lady Wash... — 04 Yellow Jack.. 33 3*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
20CO Brunswick ... 03 200 Montana Ton.l 15
500 Draper 14 10O Ton N Star. .. 32
SOCO Esperanza ... 01 200 Ton N Star. . . 33
Afternoon Session.
2C0 Montana Ton.l 10! 50 Ton Belrnont. 90
700 Mont Ton..l 12 Vl 300 Ton N Star... 31
600 Montana Ton.l 20i SCO Ton N Star... 32
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes.
terday:
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE
300 Andes 1«|» Mcx!c»n 60
60O Bullion 07; BOO Overman 14
£00 Caledonia 92.20O Sierra Nevada. 29
200 Challenge Con. 16I10O Union Con 35
COO Chollar 1OJ10O Yellow Jacket. 32
SCO Gould * Cur. . 20i
Afternoon Session.
80O Andes 16 I0O Mexican «3
200 Belcher l*l.2fK> Occidental .... 50
10O Con Cal & Va. 95! 200 Occidental .... 51
2€*> Con Cal & Va. 94'1<*> OpMr 1 35
20O Crown Point.. 13 SCO Potost 10
200 Gould & Cur. . 2<ii
The following were the sales en the Paelfio
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yesfer
day:
Morning Session.
10OO Bullion 07 ICO Mexican 61
3CO Caledonia $*> 2Ort Overman 13
10O Con Cal & Va »1 ICO Overman 12
3fO Con Cal & Va tX) K4> Union Ccn 35
3CO Exchequer ... 11 200 T'tah 11
20O Gould & Cur. 19 100 Yellow Jacket 33
1C0 Mexican eo
Afternonn Session.
100 Caledonia ... 91f2COOphtr 133
100O Con Cal & Va Ki] 2W> Sav«*<» 14
10O Occidental ... 50| 25O Silver Hill... 53
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
Siher aval Exchange about as before quoted.
Not much change in the New York stock market.
Loco! securities continue inactive.
Wheat in good supply and quiet ail over the world.
Barky weak, owing to the rain. Rye dull.
Oafs weakening under heavy offerings from the north.
Coy- dull and slowly tending downward.
¦;-,.. if n g ,., f[ a y checked by the wet weather.
Bran. Middlings and other Feedstuff s steady.
f fairly steady, with rather more demand.
r and Cheese in good supply and unchanged.
Egg* scarce, with steadily decreasing stocks.
Provisions show no change here or in the West.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before.
Best grades of Potatoes and Onions firm.
Poultry in moderate receipt and firm. Game plentiful and weak.
Fruit market well supplied and quiet.
i Am Sugar pfd 120 ISanta Fe Copper. l»i
I Am Tel & Tel... 125% Tamarack SO
Dom Iron & S.... 9^ (Trinity 5U
• ien Electric 155 lUnitcd States.... 181i
Mars Electric 18 Utah ....:". 27H
Mass Elec pfd... 76 Victoria 2%
United Fruit 97 Wlnona ~%
V S Steel 11% Wolverine 66
U S Steel pfd.... 52%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.SS 11-16 N Y Central 12m
Con for account.. 68% Norfolk & Westn. 6S
Anaconda 3% Nor 4 West pfd. 88
Atchison 67 M> OnUuio & Westn. 21%
Atchit-on pfd y2% Pennsylvania -.-... 59
Bait & Ohio ?£ Rand Minee 0%
Canadian Pacific. 12*?; Reading 21
Ches &. Ohio...:; 30% Reading lat pfd.. 39
Chgo G W«tn... It5 Reading 2d pfd... 80
Chgo. M & St P..142V4 Southern Ry 1ST*
De Beer«J 20*s Southern Ry pfd. 77VS
L>cnver & Riflf Gr. 20^ Southern Pacific. 44
D?n & R G pfd.. tSSV* Union Pacific 74U
Erie 281], Union Pec pfd. ... 89
Erie 1st pfd 69 US Sto^l... 1115
Erie 2d pfd 50 J 5 U.S Steal pfd M'i
JJlinr.is Central... 134M, Watesh/ . -0
Iyiulsvl &. Nash. .105 Wafcash' pfd .. J>5^
Mo, Kahs & Tex. 11%
Bar'eilver, steady, 27V4d per ounce. Money,
3'> per cent. The rate of discount in the open
market for short bills is 4Vi per cent, and for
three months' bills 4 per. cent. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cheeee is weak at the. lower quotations al
ready noted, and supplies 'are as large as ever.
Butter remains without variation. There is
plenty here, and the demand is Just about
Eurnlcient to check any accumulation. The
situation lacks snap, howjafr.
Receipts were 27,900 lbs Butter. 025 cases
Eggs and 37.000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 31©32tfc for extra*
and 26® 29c for seconds; dairy. 21@25c; store
Butter, 17%S19c;" cold storage. 24@26c; East
ern. 23*i 25c per lb.
CHEESE — 12©12^c for the general market.
13c for select mild new and ll@HHc for
lower grades: Young America*, 13@14c; East
ern 15ijigl6>/4c; Westtrn 14#15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 50@52i<ic for choice and 40®
45c for email and mixed colors; store, nom
inal; cold storage. 28#32 ftc; Eastern. 26<S29c
for cold storage. - .
It is anybody's market on Eggs. All sorts
of prices are quoted. It makes very little
difference as far as fresh ranch are concerned,
as there are practically none here. Stocks of
cold storage, too, are reported greatly reduced,
as drafts upon them recently have been heavy.
There was a street report yesterday that the
three great packing-houses of Swift & Co..
Armour & Co. and Cudahy, who control the
Egg market in the West, were trying to ab
sorb a controlling Interest in Eggs here as
we!l. but it could not be substantiated. The
trade eald that there were very few Eggs left
here to absorb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Union Sugar 22 50 ....
United Gas & Electric 34 50 ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Caribou I CO
8000 Independence I 18
2 Hanford 133 Co
700 Associated 19
79 Associated IS
Afternoon Session.
Board —
175 Fischer's 2 CO
5Trt Monarch 43
100 Esperanza 1 95
lfioo OlF City Petroleum 27
100 Caribou 1 C5
RICE— China. No. 2. $4 S5#4 45: No. 1.
$5 75©5 90: extra No. 1. $6 25©6 60; Hawa
iian. $5 25; Japan. $5 2305 SO; Louisiana.
$1 30@6 75.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.83c:
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.60c; Fruit Granulated 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated (10O-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A. 5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C. 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes 50c more- 60- lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.10c: boxes 6.35c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.50c per lb. No orders taken for
lew than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
raw in barrels; cases 6c more; Castor Oil. In
cases. No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10©l 12;
Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw in bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels.
85c; case*. 9Oc; China Nut. 55©70c per gal
lon,: pure Neatsfoot in barrels, 75c; cases.
80c: Sperm, pure, 75c; Whale Oil, natural
white. 60©55e per gallon; FUh Oil. in barrels.
60c; cases. 55c; Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 5Sc
for Ceylon and 65c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15Hc; Pearl Oil in cases. 22c; Astral. 22c:
Star. 22c: Extra Star. 26c; Elaine. 2Sc: Eocene.
25c: deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 17c;
in cases. 23^c; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; in cases.
19Hc; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; in
cases. 27
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «HO
7c per lb; "White Lead. 6H©7c, according to
quantity.
$1 60S1 75; . Widgeon, $1 75@2; small Ducks.
$1 50; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, $1©1 50:
Brant. $1 "5 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. $5 for large and $3 50 for small:
English Snipe. $3: common Snipe, $1 75; Wild
Doves. $1,25; Rabbits, $1 75 for Cottontails
and $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 2.VJ1 60.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Nov. 19. — Tin was a little
lower in London, spot declining 2s 8d to £116
10s. while futures were 6s lower et £117'15s.
Locally tin was a little higher I on the inside
prices, closing at $25 25025 60. •
Copper was a little lower also, declining in
London about 2s 6d, with spot closing at £55
12s 6d, and futures at £55 6s. Lceally cop
per was lower: ' lake, electrolytic and casting
are. all quoted at $12 75813.. ...
Lead declined - Is 3d In London. . closing at
£11. but was unchanged. locally! at $4 25.
Spelter was quiet at $5 62 Vi in the local
market and was unchanged at £20 15* In'Lon
don. •
Iron closed at 48a 6d in Glasgow and at
New York Metal Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Nov. 19. — The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of 5®11 points and
closed 0Q12 points up.
The receipts of domestic Poultry wer«* mod
erate and the market ruled firm aa the demand
was steady and there was no Western offering
Broilers and young Roosters were particularly
firm and quoted higher. A car of Western
stock Is due to-day. I>ealers reported a good
demand for live Turkeys . and the recently ad
vanced prices were well maintained. Dressed
stock was in light receipt and met with prompt
sale at firmer rates. :
Receipts of Game were . liberal . and • consist
ed chiefly of Ducks, which were quoted lower.
Trade however, was active at the revised quo
tations and the market , was well cleaned up
at 1 - the. close. V ; - ; ". '¦'- ¦'-• - '¦'¦¦¦¦ • -*r > - ¦ ¦¦'->:¦¦:: n
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 21 ©24c per lb;
live Turkeys. 16®20c per lb ; Geese, per , pair,
$1 75@2; Goslings. $202 23: Ducks. ¦ ' $4 60©
6" CO -per dozen for old .< and ¦ $5 50® 6 60 - f or
young: Hens. $5<8fl for small and »8 60@7 50
for large; young Roosters. $606 60;- old
Roosters. $5@r, 60; Fryers. . $5<35 50; Broilers.
$4@4 60 for large and $3 50Q* . for small;
Pigeons. . $1©1 25 per dozen for old and $29
2 25 for Squabs. .-¦¦..- -. v * .-¦.¦¦.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3 50tf?4 per dozen;
Canvaeback. $4®6;^ Sprig, $2 60©3; Teal.
Poultry and Game.
Meat Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Halnea. Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
7, 12. 17. 22. 27 Dec. 2.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. What com — 11 a. m.. Not. 7.
12 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2 — Changs at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 8. 12. IS. 24. 30, Dec 0; Corona,
1:30 p. tn.. Nor. 9. 15. 21. 27. Dec. 8.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aad
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Roaa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursda'/s. 9 a. m.
For Loa Angeles (via Saa Pedro aad East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 9. 17. 25. De& 3.
Bonita 9 a. m.. Nov. 3. 13. 21. 29. Dec. T.
For Ensenada. Magdaleaa Bay. San Jo«« del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eaca
month
For 'further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or sail,
lex date*.
TICKET O7TICZS— 4 New Montrom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street. •
C D DUNANN. General Passenger Ageat.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nov. 9, 19. 29. Dec 9. 19.
29 "George W. Elder" sails Nov. 14. 24.
Dec. 4. 14 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR and short rail line from Portland
to all ' points East. Through tickets to all
point" all rail or steamship aad rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berta
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass.
Dept. 1 Montgomery et.: C. CLIFFORD. O«a.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery sC
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* will leave wharf, corner First snd
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hcngkons with steamers for Ud!a. etc. No
cargo received en board on day of saiUas-
S S. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. December 3. 1903
8 S. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
Wednesday. December 30 1903
B. S. AMERICA MARU ;
Monday. January 23. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cora-
rany"s office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oeeai.ics,sxo. «ss?ss
E. ft. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Santos. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Nov. 19. 2 p. tn.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Not. 23.11 a-m.
B. 8. MARIPOS A. for Tahiti. ~*«e. 1. 11 a. in.
4J.t?iEHEUi!S3J.«..ll5tJ..rrtit3ta»,!431artiia
In&lKSa.U3firtit3Lrjrlo.ras2Elt
IOX?A65XE eXXXSALS TKA53ATLA5TI3CS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^w.
Sallinff every Thursday Instead of <CLfi5?$
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Arents.
Tf "e IiUni ana VaUajo StaantTf.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO^-
9-45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. *u. 8:30 p. m. Leave Va!l«jo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and « p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. SO cents. T»l.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Ml»!on-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
SEE THE FTJIiL PAGE
PHOTOQBAPHIC
PHANTASY
IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
BEAUTi-fc'UIi
THANKSGIVTNQ EDITION.THE FAN FBAKCISCO CALL, IEIDAY. NOVEMBER 2O, 1903.
14
j HELP WANTED— M Al.K- -Con ti^n w>d.
A— -MURRAY" -"READY. 634-636 Clay sti
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1903 we gave 1908 we'll give
45,000 men work 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA.
ARIZONA.
OREGON. XEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; fre#
pass
OX EVERY TRAIX.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters hammersmen.
STABLES FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands. $30. $35, $40 fd.;
milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
365 woodchoppers.
2S7 tlemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 and i
found; waiters, city and country. $25 to $45
and found; butchers., different Jobs. $40, $30.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay at.
EXGINEER.
For mine hoist engine. $105.
CABINETMAKER. $3 60 DAY.
Sticker hand. city. $4 day: planerman. lum-
ber company. $75 found.
Pastry baker, country hotel. $50 found.
HEAD DONKEY MAN. WOODS, SOUTH.
Striper and letterer, all round painter, $3
day.
2 coatmakers. $5 per coat.
Track foreman, lumber company, boss here,
$40 found.
Married farmer. $45 and house; 2 boys, learn
painting. $5.
OLD MEXICO — FREE FARE. .
Carriage trimmer, boss here.
Gang edgerman. lumber company, north. $63
and found.
COAL MIXERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
Married waiter and chambermaid, hotel, fare
$1. $50 found.
Man and wife, man as section band, wife as
cook few men. $1 60 day; $30 per month for
woman.
2 carpenters* finish work, fare $1. $3 50.
2 plumbers, north. 3 months* Job. $3 50 day.
Tinner, factory. 30c fare, $2 50 day.
2 bench hands, planing mill. Palo Alto,
$3 SO day.
Young man. city factory. $9 week.
Driver light delivery wagon. $9 week.
Young man or boy. clean castings, machine
shop, $5.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay at.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
LIVE active young stableman desires to sell
half Interest in one of the largest and best
paying brick 11 very stables; extra, long lease;
at moderate rent; select location; splendid .op-
portunity: principals only. SCOTT & MAU-
XER. 615 Sixth at.
A LOT of cheap horaes, wagons, carts, bug-
gies and harness at Fifteenth and Shotwell
ets.; closing out. 1140 Folsom at,
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St., San Francisco.
WILL call and clip your horses at your stable.
Address 79 City Hall ave.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses.
327 Sixth «t- ¦
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest araortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey. harness. work.dflving horses. lSth-Valencia
• HOUSES FURN1SUKD FOR SALE.
$900^—12 ROOMS, beautifully furnished; near
transfer corner; rent $57 50. 1421 California.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN - CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
NEW bouse. 8 rooms, line yard, $32 50; new
flat. 8 rooms. $28. House 134, flat 130 Sec-
ond ave., near Sacramento st.
HOUSE. 1305 Waller st.: 9 rooms, bath and
bill lard-room; modern: rent $50.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST.
At football grounds, or between there and
Junction of Market and Taylor, a gen-
tleman' n purse containing money and large
diamond ring, 1 diamond shirt stud. 1 plain
gold ring, etc. Finder please return to 329
Sansome st. and receive $300 reward, lnclud-
Ing money and purse.
LOST — Between Third and Fourth sts., on
Mission, Monday evening, one bead purse
containing money and receipts and watch;
"Julie Chardon" engraved In back of watch.
Liberal reward at 1141% Mission st.
LOST — In vicinity of Masonic ave. and Waller j
St.. collie pur>. male, about 8 months old.
white on breast. Return to 707 Ashbury st..
near Waller. ;
LOST— Plain gold wedding ring; gift of dead
parent; engraved "G. D. to A. T. F. S.";
liberal reward. Office. 361 Sutter st.
LOST — Brindle and white bulldog: tag No.
4433. Return to MISS JOHAXXSEN.- 429%
Oak St.. and receive reward.
LOST— Draft and two checks payable Ramon
Diaz. Return Xew Western Hotel: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California j
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
rolrt and silver tn make new watch rn«e«.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience: removed to 82S Post st.
MRS IR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief^gvaranteed^l008J%lIarke__t :: _o£p^J5th.
DR. O. W. O'DOXXELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Xess — Expert
in obstetrics, female complains: Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles-
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private: s?clude<l; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HIXDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN, resides 2995 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. XG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St., opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herb*.
~ MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Pn?t
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
L %
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
__________________ .
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating;, good over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
~ ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y Co.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2as Kearny at..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near
! Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
I A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
2 72x18 HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
and all fittings. TRACY ENGINE—RINli
CO., 151 Fremont St.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly nsed. sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk ft Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men'* sboea at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. : catalog-, free.
BILLIARD table. Brunswick-Balk* make; al-
most new; 4x8. Baldwin Annex.
Printing office. 3 C._P. presses, motor cutter.
type, fixtures; doing good business. 2988. Call.
SAFES — Ne.w and second hand.- THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
8 6 AXD 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
" sixes; new. E. B. BECK - CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and aecond band machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. B19 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard - Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pip* and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GEXE RILEY * SONS. 100 ValleJo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery St. •
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs :hammocks
I metal beds.mattresseg.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission!
' Edison phonographs.' records, supplies, moving
[ : picture machines, films. Badgalupl. 033 Mkt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —^MALE. _
JANITOR work by an experienced young man;
windows cleaned, carpets relald and beaten:
wood cutting and splitting by the day or
hour. Box 45S9. Call office.
ELECTRICIAN: steady * sober youn« man
with some experience would like position in
electric power or sub-station. Box 2076.
. Call office.
Al DRAUGHTSMAN. experienced In both
mechanical and structural draughting and
design, desires permanent position. Address
box 2957. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man around private
house; can take care of horses: good driver;
good gardener; handy with tools. Box 2980.
Gall office.
HONORABLE German gentleman desires posi-
tion; energy, executive ability. Address box
4596. Call office.
HONORABLE man. German, desires position
as bartender; experienced. Address box 4595,
Call office.
A PAINTER, paper hanger, whltener wants
work; has all tools. 1302 Webster St.; tele-
phone Jackson 132L_
TO publishers— Practical printer and Journalist
wishes management of publication. B., i65
Market at.- ¦
COMPETEXT. reltable coachman, wife flrst-
class laundress, desires a position; good ref-
erence. T. S., 77 Nlnthst. '
FRENCHMAN, speaking Italian, Spanish and
a little English, wants employment. V.
PELLET, general delivery. San Francisco.
AM wining to work at anything: strong, hon-
e«t. ambitious; handy with tools; best ref-
erences. Box 3446. Call office.
I AM an advertising solicitor of 15 years'
experience; would like a position. Address
box 2978. Call office.
WANTED— By flrst-clMs telegraph operator,
position with private concern; good letters.
Address ''Opera|or." box 2081. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes a situation
private family: all round handy; best refer-
ences. Box 3449, Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger and plasterer wants
work; very cheap. WILLIAM HAPP. 434
Fulton st.. near Octavia.
YOUNG man and wife would like to take care
of a small hotel or resort for winter: refer-
ences. Address box 849. Call office. Oakland.
A GOOD cook, wants situation; restaurant, ho-
tel or boarding-house. Please call 658 Fol-
eom at.
YOUNG man 1 - wants position collecting or
clerking. Box 2982, Call.
EXPERIENCED teamster, farm laborer and
woodchopper wants worlr. Box 2079, Call.
YOUNG Japanese boy wlffhes situation as
Bdioolboy or half day work. M. XONAKA,
S07 Polk Bt.
JAPANESE boy wishes position as a schooi-
- boy, ciay or country; speaks English. OGA-
WA. 509 Bush st.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants place: pri-
vate family. Address 021\Pupont st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertlBements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRAXCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. bITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
— —
A — HOUSES .and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURXITURH
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
DIAMOND. 819— Flat of 3 sunny, furnished
rooms, kitchen, dining and bay-window bed-
room; $14.
$7 00— Lower flat, 726% Harrison St.. bet.
Third and Fourth. .
WALLER. 1303%, near Masonic ave. — Modern
!»- room flat: rrnt $35.
3 LARGE rooms to let at 665 Hampshire st. ;
$13; no children.
SUXXY flat, C rooms and bath. I 115 Leaven-
worth et.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
SUNNY 3-room flat, complete for housekeeping;
gas, gas range, porcelain bath; adults; $ - J3.
332 Hayes st. - '
FACIAI. MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
.' anteed, new method: 60c. M.-LUTOX, mani-
curlng parlora. 704 Larkin »t. ; phone Polk 17.'
.FURNITURE WANTED.. j
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer, 1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 2750.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP "WANTED — FEMALE.
4 COOKS. German style. $30-$35; 2 parlor-
maids, ?25-?.'J0; cook, small delicatessen, $30;
4 second girls, $2U-$L>5; '£ laundresses,.' $.10 J
•maid to elderly lady, $25: 3 nurseglrls, $20-
$25;,: 2 nurses for Institutions, $20; kitchen
helper, $20; 2 waitresses, restaurant, $8 week;
waitress, country hotel, fare paid, $25; house-
keeper, man, 2 children. $22 CO; man and
•wife, fruit ranch. $45; 44 housegirls, city
and country. $20-$2r.-$30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter at. ..-¦¦ r
WANTED— A girl who understands halrdress-
' ing. shampooing, manicurlntr and switch
making, for country ;> wages $10 week. - Ap-
ply to J. F.-' CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AT 8. F. Emp. Bureau, 17 Fourth st.
Young girl for office. $15 Increase.
Woman for housework. Oakland, $30 found.
Waitress, private boarding-house, city, $25 fd.
Woman for kitchen work, city. $20 found. .
2 ¦ girls, salesladies. Oakland, $6 week up.
Woman, housework, city. *lf> found.
S. F. Emp. Bureau. Phone Grant 28.- .
A— WANTED— Girls to learn : halrdresslns;.
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
' teed ¦ at $10 per week up; leading school In
Weet. 223 Geary St., room : 18. - ¦ . a . .,'
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 p*r week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
A — LADIES ' to learn all branches halrdresstng -
trade; manicuring, : massage, > etc. - 1230 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wane*; day and eve, class) : call.;-
WANTED— Experienced Jacket and skirt alter-
nation hands.'- Apply : between • 0 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'. • : : :X * ¦ ':
"ANTED — Experienced ' dry ¦ goods ' wrapper.
.Apply between 9 and 11 a, m. «t HALB
. BROS.' : . .
BUSIXESS CHAyCES---Contlnned. _
K G. \\TlKE. H*al Kstate and Bu»ln?ss
Agrnt <establi*hed 14 yean). :.0*i Keaony
ft., rooms y and 10. 1
A $1COO coffee i-aloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market St.: dally
receipts about SC5; business clearing $300 p^r
month: trial given; a tplendid offer: investi-
gate at once. Fee U. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
A — $c;5O0; HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms,
in Point Richmond: rent $100: rooms always
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
compsnles; owner never clears less than $"00
per month. Coll R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kear-
ny et.
A— *900; SALOON on water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads In each
room: 2H years' lease; rent $."!>; rooms alone
pay (70 per month and saloon doing a good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny.
A— $400- CIGAR stand, close to Market Ft.;
Ftock will Invoice the price; dally receipts
$15; rent f30. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tf>4
Keerny «t.
A O1GAH stand close to Market and Ellis
Fte.; good will: 5700 stock at Invoice: rare
chance; b»-«i business location. Call R. O.
WILKE. 2U14 Keamy at. . _
A— $1050; STATIONERY and school supply
store on Geary »t.; this store is kept by pres-
ent owrer 1G years and will istand closest
lnv**tiKaticn. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Keainy St.
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office", dolnc a good
business; must be sold at ence on account
of sickness in owner's family. Call R. U.
WILKE. 26% Kearny 6t.
A— $4000; KLEGAXT and first-class ealooo
clcst to Market et.; net rent $125; Vt years'
lease. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny it.
A— $350; CIOAR stand on Third et.. close to
Call buildlcg; a gobd paying stand.' See
R. G. WILKE. 28% Keamy st.
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar with it
years' lease; rent $60; on leading business
etreet couth of Market; place established
yean. Particular* R. G. WILKE. 26H
Keamy st.
A— $1800; HALF interest In one of the best
corner saloons on water front: !e»se; disagree-
ment of oartners cause of rale; wir. eell
whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%,
Kearny tt.
A — $1250. CORNER saloon on Fourth Bt.. close
to S. P. freight cheds: 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen; a good paying business. s«
It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — $*00; DAIRY nroduce and delicatessen
store; rent $22; business clears above $100
per month; living rooms; value In eight.
Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A — $20C0; SALOON on Kearny St., about 2 blocks
from Chronicle building; place established
years and doing a good business; or one part-
ner will sell his Interest for $1000; disagree-
ment cauce of sale. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. .
A— $1200, coffee Ealoon and bakery; close to
Phelan bldg.; a good-paying business, but
must be sacrificed on account of owner being
sick In hosoital. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny «t. '
A— GENERAL MERCHANDISE "
STORE FOR SALE; a nice clean stock In the
best town In California; invoice about $4000;
low rent; long lease.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at.
DRESSMAKING parlors, completely fitted;
llvtng-ropms furnished; $125. 1005 Larkin.
FOR SALE — A well established harness bust-
ness In the thriving city of Chlco. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE & CO.. 417
Market St.. or write to box 263. Chlco.
"" A- SAFE INVESTMENT. "
$1000 cash and services secures half-Interest
In established installment house; investment
secured and $50 weekly assured.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
WANTED — Energetic man. no experience re-
quired, with $1000 to $1500 ca«h. to share
equally In profits of established moving pic- I
ture circuit; rare chance for person with
tatisfactory references. Novelty Theater,
Oakland.
PARTNER, email capital. In butcher Bhop do-
ir.g good business: man fine habits; investi-
gate. Box 4588. Call.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a eafe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from $1GO to $50,000; every bufiness opportu, I
nlty that passes through our office must stand !
the closest Investigation, and we can place
you In a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or,
in fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and inveticato.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
BEST bargain in a large, dependable roomlng-
houss; very centrally located; 60 rooms and
all large, light and airy; furnished splendidly
and in most artistic taste; lease for
eight years at very low rent; house
is clearing $300 per menth, guaranteed; price
$6000: electric elevator; hot and rtild water:
modern Improvement*; cause of sale, owner
compelled to be out of city on business;
will sell or exchange for real estate.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
*~ ~~ SEE
TETLOW _ DEACON.
Phone Folsom 2037,
1023 Market «tt., between Oth and 7th,
For hotels, rooming houses and business
chances; any part of the city.
A— S3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40 I
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st.
ELEGANT ccrner flat. 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition: rent $35: cheap. $000; large lift of
houses. 6 to 200 rooms. E'TEL _ CARROLL.
212 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. KrtJ P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia: phone Scott 887.
MRS. C. KOTTER— Te«t circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Men.; sittings dally. 34 Gth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
P:30 to 4: seance« Fundav and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmUt Ever In San Franc'sro.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no Charge if I fail to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart is true
or false; tell you who ar.d when you will marry;
in fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love.marrlage, di-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lest vitality, etc.; hours 10 a. m. to « p. m.
32<; — O'Farrell ft.i— 326. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she r«*ads your life correctly, gives an
i-.ccurate description of the past, reveals the'
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future: if you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or hav»
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome themt valuable advice in all af-
fairs of ilfe; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
A L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
L-I-V-O-R-X-O.
The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer.
34 KEARXY ST.,
Over Hammersmith & Field's. Phone Black 2435.
Three questions by mall, $1.' Send month
and >ear of birth. J
Captain Sigsbee of the Maine eay»: "Mme. j
Livorno's reading of my hand wan remarkably
clever." See portrait of Llvorno and original
testimonials at entrance. :
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and :
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. rn. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo meney order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gllted clalr. & palm,
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success named.
L.. 6Oc: G.. SI. 714 Franklin. nr.G. G. ave.
COME AXD HAVE YOtnTLIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. RAXDERS.
Ami' Learn Mental Tclcfiraphy.
41 S Post Et.: hours 10 to 8. • .
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader.- will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MRS. VEIXA. wonderful trance medium and
rard reader: Just returned from long, ab-
sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1. ]
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader;
names trlvcn: 26c and 50c. C55B Minna St.,
below Eighth. - .
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c no. S 4th «t.. near Market.
MISS WARD gives namen. dates ,' and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to a p. m. 413 Mason; no sign.
MRS. AVERT, clairvoyant card reader. 940
Howard st.; ladles only; 25c; no sign.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader, In city.
20% Keainy. room 20; ladiec 25c;. gents 50c
MME. LAMAR. wonderful palmist; card read-
t-r: 25c. 50c. f.20 Jones st. : hours 1-0 p."m.'
MRS. 6HAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; iilt-
tlrgs dally. 413% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
I CARPET V KEATING 'MD CLEAXIXO.
AIR compressed, dry. ice cold, is now unlver-
1 gaily used in sanitary cleanins carpets, on
I floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
\ erflfs. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
I WHEN you becomo dleguetcd wtth your work
, Bend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-307 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 1'25-
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. "McQueen.
I proprietor. 320 Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonaBle. 1703 Harrison Bt.: tel.Mlgslon 2C3.
CONKLIX'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
3::.; 1 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES-
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms fl-10: tel. B5S6.
I COTTAGES TO LET. :
$27 60^-t^ROOM cottage to let. Key at Park
House. 2304 Fulton st.
CTJB-B -.TJPTP-.E.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 120« Market et.
Send for circular. Why will you auger?
CBEDIT CLOTHIEBS. .
C. F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. SIS Mason st. __
- DENTISTS.
DR. ORUSS, 504-5-C Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at offl'^
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.EIeventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
-A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
p'.ates, $5; full ret; all work palnlers and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Se.t teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewttt.204 Sutter.
DKESSMAKERS AXD
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure;eve.clai's. 1019 Mrkt.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, b"
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; tllustrated catalogue free.
HINMAX'S Academy: a ?horough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now optn for the season.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin it.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSOX School of Acting, th*
I foremost Institution orthe kind in the entire
West; 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Natlvs
Sons' bldg., 414 Mason st. ¦
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238
Market et. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
flay and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DAXC1XG Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. : est. 1864. Van
dcr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity ( 24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTING~.
Saratoga Hall. S40 Geary Et. ; call 2. to 5.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
G^ollG^^OKT^r^o^rirT^tel7^iu7n~135^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
¦ A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chines* help. 42G Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese EmD. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 1GS; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman wants a situation to dc
second work in American family. Box 4584,
Call office^ ¦
A YOUNG colored girl would like a situation
to do light housework and plain cooking.
Box 458.5, Call office.
A YOUNG Swedish girl for light housework.
842 Potrero ave., near Twenty-first st.
A SWEDISH woman wishes laundry work by
the day. Call. 842 Potrero ave., near 21et.
ELDERLY American woman wishes position
for housework and cooking; good home and
moderate wages; no mall answered. 10ti5
Market st. ' ¦
AX experienced stenographer wishes to do out-
fide typewriting; terms low. Phone R:d 1657,
9 a. m. to 12 m. and 1 to 3 p. m.
ELDERLY woman wishes a position as house-,
keeper. 13« Fifth Bt., between Howard and
MlsB'on.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants position to do
general housework; wages, $20 per month.
1015 Carolina St.. bet. 25th and 26th.
A WOMAN wants .work by the day: under-
stands general housework and laundry; ref-
ere.-.ce. Addrefa 1435 Pacific st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress; can do children's
clothes in a first-class style. Call 2 Regley
place. Pierce and Greenwich sts.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work in fam-
ilies; stylish suits made in 2 days. Box
3445. Call office. .• _^
AN honest German lady would like to get a
few more days' light washing or houseclean-
lng. 412B Fifth st. ¦
A WOMAN would like to do washing by the
day; $1 25 per day. Please address MRS.
E. K.. 0«3 Mission Bt. ' ¦ ¦ •
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 033 McAllister st".
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . •
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MAL_7~
SITUATION wanted for a first-class • German
gardener or man about place; tx-st of refer-
ences. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C28 Sac-
ramento st.
SITUATIONS wanted for several first-class me-
chanics, cooks and laborers. See, J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
SITUATION — Eastern cook and wife, second
or waitress, large boarding-house feeding 100
to 200 men; a hustler; good references. J.
RAYBORN, 12 Cleveland st.
A YOUNG man would like to work in an auto-
mobile Fhop to learn the business. Box 4578.
Call office. . • - ¦ -.
POSITION by young man -in hotel or club as
porttr or houseman.- Address R. J. STAN-
TQK. 110 Turk at. ¦
YOUNG man, handy with tools, wishes position.
Box 4582. Call office. '
YOUNG man having 7 years' ¦ experience in
¦ China. Fpaaklng Mandarin dialect fluently,
good knowledge written . language, desires
permanent position, with some - mercantile
house. ' Box 4501. Call office.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thorouch-
ly; references. Box 4594, Call office.
A SITUATION desired on good private place.
¦ city or country, by thoroughly experienced
- young man (Danish); capable of taking care
of horses, garden,' etc., and * is a first-class
driver:; references. Box 3451.. Call. .
WANTED — By a first-class mechanic, painting,
paper hanging or tinting, by the day or con-
tract: all tools furnished. R. D. MAR-
. SHALL. 429 Douglass st. .:.
MAX, aged 35, wishes work; good house cleaner
and scrubber; good home more an object than
. wages; reference. .Address box 3150. Call..
WANTED— By experienced retail grocery- man,
a few ." hour*' work dnlly; ¦ cigar • stand ¦ pre-
ferred." - Address bcx 4593/ Call ¦ office, r Y -¦ ¦-*
HELP WANTED — FEMALE Con.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RTV-
• BTERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 22^ FREMONT ST. AND 1373
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
wages $15 per month;. sleep at home. Call at
- 1BB« Grcve st.
WANTED — An elderly woman to assist at
housework: one fond of children; wages $15;
car fare. 23 '^ Devisadero st.
FACIAL and manicure artist: state experience
und wages expected. Box 850. Call. Oakland.
WAITRESS wanted. 528 Fourth st.
BY a leading wholesale house. 3 traveling
saleswomen; flrst-claes positions. Box 45S7.
Call office.
GIRL for chamberwork and assist at table;
small boarding-house. 742 Tehama. nr. 9th,
GIRL foe general housework; small family
adults; good wageg. 2115 Broderick.
WANTED— A 'mangle hand. Apply U. 8.
Laundry. Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse; $3 per week. 1071 Market.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mlsa
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call .branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
PACIFIC EMPIX)YaraNT^GEXCT! ~~~
5'_>0— SACRAMENTO ST.— 520.
Phone Main lini. Cor. Leidesdorff Et.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
COAL MINERS. NEW MEXICO.
CHICO — BUTTE CO. — HALF FARE — SHIP
TO-NIGHT— 20 teamsters. $2 25. and $2 50.
2 tunnelm*-n. free fare. $55 found; 3 laborers.
?2 day; waiter, city. $30; 3 woodchoppers,
south. $1 CO cord: 50 tiemakers; 2 farmers;
3 men to Iorf* 3 different ranches on shares,
see bosses here.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 Stockton «t.— Walter,
oyster house. $10 CO a week; waiter, hotel.
$30- indaor servant. $30; butler. $35; bed-
maser, $7 a week; middle-aged man to run
elevator. $25 and board; porter for hospi-
tal. $30. etc. ¦
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth st. — 3
bollermakers, San Bernardino, free fare, 3So
hour; lots of new Jobs. Call and see us. _
WANTED — For U. S. army, able-bodied, un-
married men. between ages of 21 and 35, citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, Rlalto building. New Mont,
gomery Ft., San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing. Sacramento. Cat:
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14.
fifth floor. 305 Larkin st.. for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.;
day or evenings.
WANTED— Small boy for office by traveling
physician: bright colored boy preferred.; Call
on DR. PITTMAN, room 47, New Western
Hotel, between 10 and 12 a. m.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 50c
and 60c while you wait at 563 Mission st..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.T
APPRENTICE to photographer wanted: must
be honest, sober and Industrious. Box 4576,
Call office. ,-
PIANO player: must read music: good salary.
ALBERT LEO. cigar store. 773 Market st..
after 1 p. m.
WANTED — Experienced wrapper . for fancy
goods. JOE ROSENBERG, 810 Market st.
WANTED — A boy. Union Square Market,
stalls 1 and 3.
WANTED — Elderly man for dishwasher at 606
Howard St.; no Sunday work.
BARBER' Sat. eve. and Sunday that works In
short hour nhop preTerred. Box 4575, Call.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1055%
Folsom st.
WANTED— A good tailor on coats. 364%
Third at. \ .
FOR sale — Barber shop: 3 steady chairs; big
bargain. Western Realty Co.. 1007^ Market.
WANTED — An experienced wrapprr. Apply at
S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 718 Market st.
BUSHELMAN and pants maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
YOUNG man willing to -work for his tuition.
California Business College, 305 Larkin st.
BARBER 6hop, fully equipped, rent $10 per
month. 3570 Twenty-ntth st.
BOY between 15 and 19. who Is anxious to
learn good business In down town house;
<>tate age and salary expected. Box 4500,
Call office.
TRY our men's shoe*, union made, at $1 ami
$1 30 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 t.0. or
• orthopedic shoes, $3 SO; best shoes on esrth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— For XJ. S. Marine Corps, ablel
bodied unmarried men, between 21 .— nd 35;
good character; must speak, rfad and write
English; marines serve at sea on . men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land in our
Inland poceessions. and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
tlce, 40 ; Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal., and
401 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Boys from 10 to 18 years: height.
5 feet 4 Inches and over, to Join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia St.. any
evening between 6 and 8 o'clock.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two-
months and secure good peslttons; catalogue
, mailed' free. MOLER System College, 635
Cay at. ' . ¦
WANTED — Laborers ond mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rocms to the Denver House.
; 217 Third st. : 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from ' thousands of
persons for whom. I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's shoes. ' union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay
¦ ; express cr mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
MEN to learn the barber trade. Inquire at
611 * Commercial st. ¦ ¦
A PRACTICAL cutter of good appearance. Ap-
. ply S. N. WOOD - CO.. 940 Market at.
BARBER trade taught in . S weeks. Address
W. C. B.. 647 Commercial St. --
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S;, F.. Barber School, 741A How urd et.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
. bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pos»..O.A.R,
McDONALD _ PERRY have a large stock of
, new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third at., near Mar-
. ; ket— - 700 •; rooms, , 35c .night ; . reading rooms ;
"free 'bus' and baggage to and from ferry.
FOR . 8 ALE— Two-chair barber ehop. cheap.
. ,127 Clay st. ¦--.-.. '¦- y ¦¦¦¦¦¦- ¦-.. - -- .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
• Call Branch office, cor. . Duncan _ Cliurch sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
„ received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Fillmore st.
ALL s.'res men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. f>63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled white waiting: 25a
to 60c. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
MI SCELL.% >EOt'S FOft 5 A LE— Con.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slates. J. E. DOAK. 4fl Fremont st.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. UP Montgy.
" MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
BOOKS andlibrkries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.: phone Jessie J741. or -postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast&fj
clothing: send postal. MORR13. S.O Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing an4
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: tel. Jessie 2S31
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st : phone Bush 454.
aiO.NEYJTO LjJA-V
A A A— UEKMAN iXUKPHY.
eoi-«KK-eo3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing dirwrtly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ,
ADVANCES on furniture and piimos without
removal; to permanent salaried people ca
their note without security or knew ledz«_ or
employer; lowest rates: no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 6S and CD Doncho»
building. 1170 Market St.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on *£*'£
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
HIGHLY respectable private place to ob_la
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 819
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 1» Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; larges*. business la
40 principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bide.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or plan-.-: no remov«
al. no commission, no publlcity;$23 up; quick.
private, confidential. 20 Mcntgomery. rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant »»»..
LOANS FROM SI TO <10.000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; cold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stcnes bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security; en furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
TOU can borrow more money on your furnltur»
than any other place In city; no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South 659.
AT lowest rates on furniture, and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries conflden-
tlally; new. simple plan. Room 50. 81?> Market.
MONET loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chronicle bid*.
3% OX furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy wt.. floor 4.
1 PEU cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market at.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Keamy.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. BOO Examiner bldg.
MU S I C A L IX^SJRUMEVrg^^
RENT a piano for $3 per month; we allow six
months' rental of the purchase price if you
wish to buy: this gives you six months' trial
of the Instrument foe nothing; if the ptano
rented does not suit w* allow the rental on
any Instrument In our stores; with such good*
as the McPhall of Boston, the Schiller and
our own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every cne In quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtaj
"Bijou " the smallest full scale ptano In Saa
Francisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ P1AXO CO..
560-62-64 Hayes St.
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-day—
I Collard. $:I5: Fll.«her. $50; Sherman & Uy'.*>.
$100; W?ber. $65; Klmba'.l. $115: Mansfield A
Notni. $125; Haynes. $!50; American. $lrt5;
Chlokering. $167; Emerson. $172; Miller.
SlT.v. 2 Steiaways, large and small size. $15.1
and S29O; Heine, large style, slightly used.
t:--">. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase; In-
stallments 54 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
T-Yi Geary st. : Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broad— ay. old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
UNTIL Decen-ber 1 we shall offer special in-
ducements to cash buyers on all pianos anil
small goeds now In stock. We are special
agents fcr the celebrated Behr Bros, and
Baumeister pianos. Easy payments for thosa
who desire. Call and see. THE ZEN'O
MAUVA13 MUSIC CO.. 7C& Market st.
: A FINE lot of tecond-hand uprights from $50
up, including such tni-kes as Chlckertng,
Vcse. Kroeijer. Curtaz. Kirkham, Pease.
. Hardman. Marshall A Wendell. Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. If, O'Far-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments: V. Bcsson. Paris, maker:
Gus MaiwaM. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two banks of keys and pedal bass; cost JT.'.O;
your own price. BOWERS & fiO.V. 11 Mason.
ALMOST new upright: cheap: cash or Install-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
"BEAUTIFUL 3-pedaI Stein—ay upright ptano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Ke«ffe's.2.S5 O' Farrell.
A RARE chance: a Hornung Bros.' upright;
little used: must be sold. 316 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead Storage. 16TJ6 Market st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy -pianos. Cecillan ptano
player. BYROX MAUZY. 30S-312 Post at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ~hT
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pl«ic»».
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
$3T> — Large store; good business place and 3
rooms. 1C60 Howard. Apply%>et. 10 and 3.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
ft.: rent tSO. Apply tan Clay st.. room 1.
PEKSO.VALS. ; ;
A SPECIAL MATE. ~"~~" ~
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have, made prices to since Jan.
1, 1903. and for the ensuing SO days only. I will
make a liberal reduction from all prices for my
special and Inimitable deep-wrinkle treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition, for iom«
time past In the drugstore windows may be seen
at my office this week from 10 to 5, in order to
accommodate those who have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly in private.
I teach my profession. M. ELLA 1IARRI3.
7S1 O'Farrell st.. near Larkin.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth. stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at druggists'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1333 Pol'*
WRINKLES and all facial blemlshos removed
by new Parisian method: superfluous hair re-
moved by electrolysis: lessons given In man-
icuring; terms reasonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOO D^r. J02 ; _AUo_bldj.. Bush and Xearny.
NOT how: cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st. '. fee moderate.
HAVING left my wife I am not responsible for -
any debts or obligations contracted by her. "
R. E. REDMOND. 40G Greenwich st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dts-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S3S Pclk st.; consultation free: call or write.
AT less than coat, uncalled for sulta. overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor.^ 721 Market at.
CATARRH, asthma and bronchial troubles
cured at home: free treatment for one week.
Addr»5s Empire Medicine Co.. 707 Minna at.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Mar-
ket st.. room 203.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday Thursday. Saturday Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st. nr.
&tH; Prof. Fester; society dancing taught
MASQUER A DE costumes, play books wlgs-
courtry oniers. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
AXDERSOX— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 20 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments'. $1 per week
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market!
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best place to buy good umbrellas 'or
have them covered cr repaired N 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dreaa pants »" SO
Mlsat Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupontl
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores «r»»
hair to- Its natural color; $1; at all druirgists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
< trie needle. Mrs. & Ml», Eaton. 111!) gutter.
. palmistry] ~~~
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and aatrol^
gist; palm reading. $1; 3 . questions by
press. $1; open Tuesday eve, also. 130 Post at
MME. NEERGAARD has moved tn hw"~^ —
bldg.. 242 Postpone J— eT^nrSdiJgT
n^^rV-pho^ iSe^F
THE^CA-L
JO KIT P. SP-XC~X_B. Proprietor.
JMina ccEmi-tieis to JOM _a.PGHT, Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department Ycu Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rocms 217 to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 7f
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage «Cash Wlt>
OrCer): m
DAILT CALL <lnclud. Punday). 1 year..$S.OC
DAILY CALL <lnclud. Sunday). C mot.. 4.04
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ¦ 75c
PUNDAY CALL, 1 Year 2 •£'
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year l°0
-ORFIGV f DalIv - • - f?W> Hcr Tear £ Xtrt
»V?«5t?«?p < Sunda-.. 4.15 Per Year Kxtra
POSTAGE. i-vVeekiy.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Ccples will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail su^crtbere ia ordering change ofad-
«r»*s should b* particular to give both NEW
AND OI.D ADDRESS in order to «n"ire a
prompt and correct compliance with tneir re-
<juc*t.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
I11S Broadway Telephone Main 1053.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
S14S Center Street Telephone Nertn .1.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.... 1406 O Street. >. W.
NEW YORK NEWS 6TANDS: -
tr a!dorf - Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano 81
Union EQuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flftb-ave-
tue Hotel ar.d IloSrean House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
S*er-_n Ho-j.e: P. O. News Co.: Ores*
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel: Ptinier House.
CHICAGO ReFrESENTATTVB:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...MarQuette Buna».
CLong Distance Telephone, "Central 2C1». )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
E*7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til »:80 p. m. „ _.
800 Hayes street; open until »:30 P- m.
(B» McAllister rtreet; open until 9:30 p. _
615 Larklii street; open until 8:80 p. m.
1MI Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; ©pea
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
10»« Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncaa streets,
open until 9 p. m. . *
Northwest corner of Twenty - second aaa
Kentucky streets; open until 8 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9_P^_Pj
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K.
T.— llegu!«-r »istmbly TJUS EVEN- TU*~
ING at 7:30 o'clock. Order of Temple. JS
All fraters courteously Invited. W
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander. w
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder. __
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. F. m
and A. M— Called meeting THIS
'FRIDAY) EVENING. Nov. 20. at 8 /V\
o'clock. First degree. By order of
the W. M. p. FT. JULLIEN. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A M ; . «
Masonic Temple, meets THIS E\EN->*/\f
ING. 7 o'clock. 2 D. /V\
GEORGE PEXLINGTOX. Sec.
EPERANZA ITALIANA Lodge No. 218. B
F. and A. M.— Third degree nHSW
(FRIDAY) EVENING at 7 :30 o'clock. /V\
G. SCALMANINI. Secretary- ,
GOLDrX GATE Harbor No. fk^__
4ft, A. A. M. ar.4 P. of ?. ((^^^
V — Regular meeting THIS U%]^>>
¦ FRIDAY) EVENING. 8 g^~=*~^
f.clork. at Liberty Hall. IP""^
Pythian Castle. »09 Market J
et". S. F. Nomination of officers. The
worthy grand captain. J. C. Sllva. will pay
» an official visit. All members of the asso-
ciation coruially invited.
P. N. STOFEX. Captain.
J. T. JONES. Cuntaln's Clerk.
EAN FRANCISCO Tent No. > __^S*V
IV K. O. T M. — Review /WLiSy*
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- CftS ,<*» iSa
ING, at h o'clock. Pioneer G*ljl llvlJUl
Hall. 24 Fourth et. «fc? /JrAX \E|
D. B. RICHARD?. VoC^Ja^S/
Record Keej*r. >«_5^j<_r
REGULAR meeting and election of . C7 >
_ jf ncers of the Caledonian Club J. ck u/2
$ THIS EVENING at 6 o'clock. xKXX*
Polls open at 8:30 and close at ¦*«_?%
9:30. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st.
A. M. MACPHERBOX, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from United Gold and Copper Company
in Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near
Cherokee. Butte County. Cal.. draining into
Spring Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
River, gives nctice that meeting will be held
• t room fKJ. Flood building. San Francisco,
Ca!.. November 30. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTOR.\EYS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AXD COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
fult 322, Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight cjuf*;; damaces secured for Injuries to
f>ereun or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for lebtt; bands furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated: estates settled;
collections made in all Darts of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE. ~~"
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW _ COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. SS. 916 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to: attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
porations organized: civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John C226. Open evenings by appointment!
We solicit an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce far a small (ee.
See me and *ave money; no pay In advance
C. VF. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
E«'*bllrhed 22 yr*.; rxns. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ 5. 1st fi.
1122 Market st_ between Motin and Taylor.
Ad\ ice free, all matterr. Detectives employea.
AA— THE Legal Advisory, inc.; reliable attor-
iJfys,; j.-ractic* in all courts; attachments, di-
vorce, e*tates. bankrvptcy, probate 511
MIA. S11B Croefcley bldg.. X. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mltslon rts.; tel. John 2926.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room Cll: all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc., consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I win advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
<a*es: no fe»» m advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St.. r. 31.
DIVORCE — Coets. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market n.. r. 301.
DIVORCE costs 112: quick and quiet: cpen
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
DIVORCE costs 112; open evenings; tenants
elected. S3. 916 Market, r. 52; phone Black 651
ADVICE free: ao charge un!e«s euccessful: all
law bus! ncti. W. W. Davidson. «27 Market.
— ntnus. dogs. etc. ~~~
WABBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of eong and fancy birds; goldfish, eeed
case*, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
vou. 1S46 Market rt.
. BUSIXESS COAKCBS.
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS. "
A business man with $5000 caj*h can secure
interest in established business that will pay
hlci 100 p«r cent on his investment; closest
investigation solicited.
GEl'-MANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
WANTED — A man with $500 for half interest
In good paying bURir.»6s: pa^ng $300 month-
ly. Addrces box 4579, Call office.
110.000 WILL buy half Interest Role Agency
United State* two Imported waters. Ad-
Crcss bcx 4577. Call office.
SALOONS for rale by a wholesale liquor
house. Box «:, Call office, San Francisco.
|4C0 BUYS IIC00 restaurant ?n-day only; (50
gaily receipts; call early. 128 O'Farrell eu
A— PAETXER WANTED.
A young tnaji r.-lth 10 yearn* grocery experi-
ence in San Francisco denires to meet man or
woman who will Invest 52OvO in the businen;
hlrhest references.
OCRMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market et.
(900 — SALOON: liveliest country totra; SO
mlW .from San Francisco; best corner and
he»t equipped ealoon in town; S living rooms
and 2 side rooms; rent *-10; 2 years' lease.
Address . box 2447. Call . office.
T^. MERCHANTS/ ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
row desire eddlticnal capital? If eo. we can
furnish you with an active cr client partner
who will Invest from $100. to JM.OOO; «• •
have a Jarre number cf desirable applicants
on our twv>k* rceklns good business openlcgs.
OBRMA.VIA INVESTMENT CO..
Mail 221, Emxi Spreckels building. .
These grave men of business, who have made a success
In their various lines, are quite free to confess
That despite their hard work they'd have failed after all
If 'twere not for the help they received through The Call.
For It customers brought every day In the week
Of the class who had money and bargains would seek;
And besides through its Want Ads good clerks they could hire,
Who so faithfully worked there was no cause to flre.REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John H, Speck to Frank J, McGllnchey. _un
dividedli of lot on S line of Ellis street, 137:6
W of Larkln. W 27:0 by S 120; $10.
Ada E. Honeyman to same lot on S line
of O'Farrell street.. 137:6 W of Polk, W 27:6
by S 120; $10. : . ~
Beulah E. or Beulah Hook to Marcus fShef tel."
lot on E line of Webster street, 112:6 S of
Bush.-S 25 by _• 82:6; $10. •
.Emily Winters to Edward F. Franks, lot on
S line of Haight street. 100E of Webster, E
25 by S 120; $10.
Anton! Zlegelmeyer to Rosanna J.Espel, lot
on 3 line of Golden.- Gate- avenne. 25 E of
Scott street, E 25 by S 100:6; gift.
Elise M. and Alcemon B. Fay to Berthe Lip
man (wife of Isador). lot on S line of Bush
street...55 E of Broderick. E 24 by S 88; $10.
Jonas Berlund to Elvira Berlund, lot on E
line of Cook street, • 100 N of St. Rose, N
25 by E 120. block D, Junlpero Homestead;
gift.
"Adolph Slebrecht to San Francisco Builders.
Inc., lot on NW corner of Fourteenth and
Walter streets. N 88 by .W 33: $10. .
Caroline E. and Charles S.'" Peery to George
and Elizabeth Herold.' re-record 17SS D. 0, lot
on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 50 W . of
York. W.50 by N 104; $4300.
John E. and Martha Anderson to Jens P.
and Hanslne ! M. Jenesen. "lot on N line of
Twenty-eighth street, 160 W of Sanchez, W
63:4 by N 114; $10. ;
William J. Gilbert to Annie J. Rock.lot on 1
S line of Twenty-fourth street," 103 W of Cas
tro. W- 65. by S 114; $10. .
Oscar R. and Helen Jenigen to William E.'
Brodersen lot on N lino of Twenty-fifth street,
240 W of' Diamond. W SO by N 114; $10.
Lucy Pilger (wife of Joseph) to 5 John A.
Peters lot on N line of Post etreet, 137:6 E
of Hyde E 26:9 by N 120; $10.
Thomas Seale to Genevieve Savory, 'lot on N
line of Jackson etreet. 247:6 W of Hyde, W
27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
•Caroline Powell (Champeaux), wife of Wil
liam, to Roy Mauvals, .lot. on SE line, of Silver
etreet, 195 SW of Second, SW 22 :S by SE 75;
$10. -
Patrick S. Manning to Nora Keefe and Delia
A>_annlng. lot on NE Una of Harriet street,
160FE of Howard. SE 50 by NE 75; gift. . |
Theodore Altona to G. C. Martin, lot on N
Hne*of Twenty-second street, 75 W of Ken
tucky, W 25 by N 100; $10.,
Theodore Altona and G. C. Martin. to John
A. and Mary A. Lawlor, rame; $10.
William H. Forbes to Grace W. Forbes lot
on SW corner of California street and Ninth
avenue, S 110 by W 32:6; $1.
J. H s and Sarah M. Kruse to Annie Kafka,
lot on S line of Clement street, 106:6 W of
Eighth avenue, W 26 by S 100; $10.
Ellen A. and George S. Fife to Francis B.
Hunn, lot on W line of Eighteenth . avenue,
100 N of Point Loboa avenue, N 25 by W 120;
$10. ' '
John H. Speck to F. J. McGllnchey, lot on
SW corner of C street and Sixth avenue, W
1C0 by S 50; $10.
Albert Meyer to rV A. Crothers, lot en E
line of Twentieth avenue. 1S5 S ot I etreet,
E 120, S 21:4%. SW 12O:4»4. N 30:10; $10.
/ Jacob ' Heyman . Company to A. O.rlstlan
Schlundt, on E line of Twelfth' avenue.
125 N of K street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
- 8. Ducas Company (corporation) to Sarah H.
Howes, lot on W corner of Thirty-first avenue
and J street, NW 100 by SW 200, block 550,
Bay View Homestead; $10.
Margaret Cassidy to Joseph F. Dolan. lot
on N line of Cortland avenb^ 70 W of Ne
vada street, W 30, N 65, E 20:7, S 65, lota
1 and 2, block 1. Barman. Tract: $10.
Albert Johnson to Eliza J. Johnson, lot on
W Una of Bright street, 100 S of Sherman. S
25 by W 100, lot 33, block 47. City Land As
sociation; also lot on N" lino of Thirty-second
avenue, 75 W of G «treet, W 25 by N 100. lot
45. block 653. Bay Park, quitclaim deed; |1.
G. C. Martin to LIUIe Baston, lot on NE line
of Fifteenth avenue South, 175 SB of R etreet,
EE 25. by NE 100, block 203, O'Nell & Haley
Tract; $10. '
William B. Sharp to Hannorah M. Hynes
(Burk), lot on SW line of Twenty-first venue,
150 BE of K street, SE 25 by SW 100, block
423, South San Francisco Homestead, quitclaim
deed; $5. >¦¦¦ .::¦.:••-
Willis and "Cassie- Baldwin to- James W.
Kasebere. lot on N line of California etrect.
66:3 W of PoJk. W 60. JJ 137:6. E 25, S 60,
E 28. S 87:6; $10. ; , ¦
John . Gregory et al. to same, same; $10.
Harry *N. Hiikel and William: B. .and ; Ella
E. Dowilng to Johanna Johaasen (wife of -A.
P.), lot on S line of Hermann street. 23-W
of Church. S 82:8. W, 27:4%. N 6O:4»4, E
27:6; $10. ..-..• . ' .
Timothy T>.' arid Kate McCarthy to Niels C.
and Karen 'Mortensen,'. lot , on" SW , corner of
Golden Gate .avenue and Webster ; street. S
87:6 by W 40; $10.
Louis, and Emma Schnetrler to Nelli5 Bond
fwlfe<of Alexander)) lot on W line of Pierce
street. P5 8 of Turk,^ S 25 by W- 110; $10. •
Richard. .T. Gorman ,to Jeremiah and John J.
Mahony.-lot on ,N line of McAllister street, ,175
E of Lyon. E 25 by N 137:6; $2500.
•. Herman and S.J.' -Levy to Ludwig Arnsteln."
lot : on NE .corner of Hayes and Lyon . streets.
N-_7:«>by.E 137:6; $10." -V T
• John C. . and Ellen E. Cullen < to : Levitt H.
Cox. lot on S line of Frederick etreet. 300 W
of Clayton, W"25"by'S*137:6f 510. - ; .
City -and County: of San Francisco to A, P.
Hotaling Company : (corporation), lot ! on SW
line of Nintn street.' 125 NW of Mission. NW
6O.by.SW«O;i also lot on NW line of 'Mission
street. : 40 ', SW: of . Ninth. SW 40 by NW ; 95;
also lot on'SE line of Howard street, 100 SW
rdREIGN 1>ECOBA_IONS \- ¦ •
' ¦ i '\' v " ¦ i : FOS AMEBICANS
A 'Prohibition - of Acceptance Ex
i . pected in a> Short\ .
Time.
Those -persons who show, eagerness
to secure foreign decorations" will be
called to a sudden halt In a very short
time by practically a. statement of
policy] on the part ; of Senators wtto.jdo
not believe in allowing Government of
ficers to accept such banbles-for alleged
services, which, in^ many instances,
have turned- out to be personal matters
of a most trivial nature. A bill has
been introduced - in the Senate by
Mr. Cockrell authorizing the accept
ance j of decorations from- the French
republic by John A. Ockerson, a mem
ber of the Mississippi River Commis
sion; Casper S. Crowninshield, commer
cial agent of the United States in Italy,
and Miss Anna Tolman Smith, trans
lator of the Bureau of -Education. No
special information has yet been re
ceived by the Senate as to the reasons
for conferring decorations on .these peo
ple, but this one bill has been sufficient
to cause a discussion of the. matter,
with the view of laying down principles
for the guidance of the Senate in all
such matters.
In the last Congress there was a de
luge of such bills. A large number of
them were passed by. the Senate, and
again by the House of Representatives
with amendments. They came back to
the Senate and by that time there
were many other bills of a similar na
ture.- Some Senators . commented on
the number of these measures as indi
cating, that 'Government' officials were
becoming- extremely ambitious .to se
cure foreign decorations. There was
much pressure on the part of Indiyidu
,eil Senators for the passage of these
bills; 5 but Senator Cullom, chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
took; the "matter In hand in a strong
way -by moving that all suelr measures
be sent back to his committee. There
they, went arid there they _ave ever
since slept in obscurity.
It 1 is likely -that the same course will
be pursued in the present Congress. It
was declared that it never contem
plated that . Congress should pass bills
for the acceptance of foreign 'decora
tions conferred for most trivial reasons.
Information has been given Senators
showing that many .of these .decora
tions have been. the result of personal
courtesy on the part of officials of the
Government»toward prominent foreign
ers, who," to. show their appreciation,
have gone to their governments to ask
that a decoration be conferred. In some
cases foreigners have been escorted
about this city and shown the sights
by Government officials who have been
rewarded by the proffer of. a decora
tion. The" sentiment is growing in Con
gress that mere official acts and the
personal 'service bringing Americans
Into contact with foreigners cannot be
urged as a basis for the passage of a
bill to permit them to accept these
decorations. Such applications In the
future are likely to be considered fa
vorably only In cases in which a for
eign government desires to compliment
an American official for some. notable,
achievement in science or otherwise.
Even in such cases Congress is likely
to proceed much- more slowly In the fu
ture than it has in the past. — Washing
ton Star.
of Twelfth, SW 73 by SE 137:6;' also lot «n-
N»lin» of McAllister street. 137:6 W of Polk.
W 68:9 by N 120; also lot on- S line of Page
street. 165:2*$ E of Gough. E 100:9%. by S
120; also lot on SW corner of Haight and,
GougV streets. W 192:6. % 8' 115:7. SE 44i7ft,
NE 1S3:4. N 25 :S; also lot on NW corner of
Page and Gough streets, W 137:6 by N 120;
Gordon E., Grace I, and Lila H. Berry to
Harriet J. Berry, "lot on' N" lino of ¦ Twenty
second street, 92:6 E of Capp, E 30 by N
120: girt.
Walter R. Hoae to James H. and Mary A.
B. McClernon. lot on X line of Twentieth
street. £0 E of Sanchez. E 25 by* N 114: $10. .
James and. Julia Qulnn to Joseph H. : Rob
inson, lot on NW corner of Nineteenth and
Noe streets^ X 43 by W.83; $10. - - ¦ --.- ,
Charles . and Margaret von der I Kuhlert to
Mary Perry, lot on E Una of Tork street. 100
S of Twenty-second,; 0 25 by E 100; $10.
Edward and Cordelia Ralston to William
H. and Elizabeth McEvoy lot on E line of
Diamond ' street. 198 N of Nineteenth. N 25
by E 125; $10.
Max and Louisa Reubold to Marie and Phll
lipe Bachelet. lot on N Una- of .Winter place,
2t> E of Mason street, E 23:9 by N 22; $10.
Niels C. and Karen Mortensen to Timothy
D. and Kate McCarthy, lot on SE line of
Folsom street, 77:6 NE of Fourth. NE 60. SE
80. SW 20. NW SO,- SW 20. NW 80; $10.
Ella D. and Geneva Cohen to George M.
Mitchell, lot on NW line of Folsom street,
147:6 NE of Sixth. NE 1O by NW 80; $10.
Lillie M. Van Diveer. (Millardt) to Amelia
E. Burke (Emmel) lot on NW line of Clara
street. 350 SW of Fifth. SW 25 by NW 80;
$10. ' :
Josepha Martens to H. M. Wright. lot on E
line of Eighteenth avenue, 125 N of Lake
street. N 93, SE 31. NE 89:1114. S 102:6%. W
120; $10. . v
William M. O'Connor to City Realty Com
pany, lot on SE corner of Fourth asyenue and
H street. E 30 by S 100; $10.
Agnes N. Weston (wife of John A-) to Wil
liam M. O'Connor, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
James H. Kavanagh to Mary J. Kavanagh.
lot on E line of Tenth avenue 250 N of Ful
ton street, N 50 by_E 120: gift. .
Frederlka Hnrlbert to Othilie C. Pldancet
(wife of Adrien). lot on NW line of Caselll
avenue, 30 NE of' Mosa avenue. NW 119:7,
NE42. SE 113:7, SW S1:S«4. lot 24. block 3,
Mountain Spring subdivision 1; (10.
Frances M. Beckett (wife <>f F. A.) to Wil
liam Crane Spencer, lot commencing at most
N point of E line of Pope street, at Intersec
tion of Sllne of Mission, thence W 158:2. NE
109. NE 320:6.. SW 262:6. Bernal Homestead
Association: also lot on NE corner of Twenty-
third and Florida streets. N 104 by E 75; also
lot on SE corner of Fourth avenue and H
street. E 30 by S 100. quitclaim deed; $10.
Charlea C. and Susan A. Judson. Sophia. C.
arid- Courland S. Benedict and Charlotte D.
Judson to James P. Donahue, lot- on E line
of Alpine etreet. 119 N of Fourteenth N 25,
E 105:5ft, S 25:1% W 102:6%, lot 6, block
C. Park Hill Homestead Association 2; $10.
M. McCann to same, same; $10.
: Builders' • Contracts. »
Associated Greek Community (owners) with
Chesney & Durnford Contractors), architect
A. J. Barnett — Aft work for a one-story frame
church, hntldins. on E line of Seventh street,
25 S of Cleveland. S 33 by E 75; $1810.
Alameda County.
Edward C. and Harrison S.i Robinson to- Har
ry L. Holcomb, lot on 9 line of Sherman street
or old county road, 1S8.67 NB from the SE
line of Adeline. NE 81.8.3. SW 336.27. NW 69.
NE 289.17, Brooklyn Township, recorded No
vember lC. 1903; $50. .
Ernest W. and Magglt T. Perry to Henry
D Harington, lot on W line of Tenth street,
79 N of .Villa, N 40 by W 100, lot 17 and por
tion of lot 18, block 4, revised map of San
Pablo-avenue Villa Tract, Emeryville. Oakland
Township, recorded November 16. 1903; $10.
Isabella and E. G. George to Leonie Camales
(wife of Gules) lot on N line of East Eleventh
street. 137-.fi W of Twenty-eighth avenue, W
37:0 by N 100, lot 19 and portion of lot 18.
block H, Knowlea and Potter subdivision of
Kennedy Tract. East Oakland, recorded No
vember 16. 1003; $1600.
James E. and Vina F. Fassett to Ole and
Maria M. Hill (wife), lot on N line of Division
(now Eighth) street, B5 E of Pine, E 25 by N
100. block tSSS. Boardman's map, Oakland; $10.
Herman Pantoskey (single) to Jacob Pan
toskey, lot on N line of Third street, 125 D of
Broadway. E 25 by N 100. lot 26. block 31,
Kellersberger's map. Oakland: $10.
Eliza B. and W. S. Urmy to James L. Bar
ker and W. J. Mortimer, lot on S line of Thir
ty-sixth street, 3S1 W of Grove, W 40 by S
120:3, block C. property of Central Land Com
pany. Oaklar.d: $.1500. •
Alice M. and li. J. Ksane to M»chafl Me-
KIr.non. lot 5, block B. Golden Gate Tract.
Oakland; $10.
William J. and Ollle Klngsland and Calvin
H. and Cassle P. Hawley to Lester A. Pelton.
lot on X line of Eighteenth street, 68 E of
West, E 32, N 75, W 50, S 25. E 18. S 50,
block R, 2SS Barnes Tract. Oakland; $10.
Charles Louis Rilliet to Constant F. Rilliet,
re-record 912 D. 436, undlvide'd one-half Interest
in lot on N line of Elm street, 250 W of Tele
graph avenue W 50 by N 133. lot 48, block O,
map blocks O, P and L. Kelsey Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Elizabeth G. Henderson to Mary O. Hender
son (daughter), lot on N line of Channlng way,
500 W of Ellsworth street. ¦W -10a by N 130.
block 13, College Homestead Association. Ber
keley: gift.
Louisa CTTooIe (widow) to Emma J. Bartlett
(wife of Thomas E. E.). lot on SE corner Eu
nice street and Shattuck avenue. S 40 by E
135.- portion lot 2. block 12. property Berkeley
Villa Association. Berkeley; $10. :
James F. and Emma Peck, Charles C. and
Florence Boynton. Francis and Lizzie M. Fer
rler and Thomas N. and Emily Badger to Oak
land and East Side Railroad Company, lot 13,
block A Valley Road Tract. Berkeley; also
strip 60 feet wide, being 30 feet on each side of
center line as described in deed ; also lot begin,
nlng at above described point on N line of
Dwieht way, etc., thence ! SB 2S4.34 more or
less to S line of said Valley Road Tract, being
same center line as center line of right of way
laid down on map of said, tract, Berkeley: $10.
• Celia P. Cronk to O. IX Erwln. lot on S line
of Hopkins street, 1S4.53 E of Sacramento, W
07.53. S 130, E 25. N 14S.64. lot 32< Peralta Park
Southern Annex; Berkeley; gift: _ •
American 1 Surety Company of New York to
Frederick P Fischer. Interest, acquired trader
771 D 229 lot on NB corner of Railroad ave
nue and Paru street. E 54 by N 140, map En»
cinal and land adjoining. Alameda; $10. ,
James J McElroy (single) to Charlotte A.
French, lot on SE corner of Ninth and Brush
streets S 100 by E 75. lota 5 to 8, block 94,-
Kellcrs'berger's map. Oakland: $10.
Edwin C Clothier to H. W. Dolaa. lot on
NE corner' of Thorne and Racine streets. N
lOu by E 50. portion lots 15 to IS. block C.
map resubdlvlslon' blocks A_to F as map No.
3 Roberts and Wolf skill Tract. Oakland; $10.
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 1903.
15
HEAL^JESTATE CITV-j-KOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE XifoNS, ~~*
REAL ESTATE i AGENTS, ]
.. . 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
40 ft. front by 137 :t$ ft. deep and large brick
building.
IN MANX'FACTURINCf DISTRICT.
$10,000. , , .-
LARGE VAN NESS CORNER, with full |
dej'th on another main street; brings in over 0
pir cent now on'sood Improvements; an excel-
lent site to be improved later by raising the
buildings and putting in stores.
" — — - ' . / ,
POI.\T ItlCmiOXD IlE AL ESTATE!.
WATER, front lots and bargains; all tracts:
mapg. pho*Qg. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING. %£$
j BIF.CK 615 — Three Rood unfurnished rooms
: for housekeeping; $7. Apply «542 Grove st
I GEARY. S7S — Sunny basement, i rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping. %
I GEARY. iar5— »20; com. rooms. 2 beds, bath,
toilet, gas and coal Etoves; adults.
i FILDERT. 82ft— 2 fuMrifhed rooms for light
I 'housekeeping; rent $11: no children.
j FOURTEENTH. 720. north of Market— House-
keeping rooms; carrots new.
j GEARY 1223 — Cottage, three furnished house-
keeplr.'g rooms; gas, running water, garden.
j JACKSON, 1517—2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
: MARKET, 1219 — To let; C rooms, partly fur-
r.lFhed; $\2; rear; upstairs; • cheap. WIL-
LIAM BURNS. -__
! MODEL HOUSE, 12^ Stockton st. — Newly fur-
nif=hfd rooms. f5-$12; bath, gas, phone.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eutscriptlons has been established at 1006
Valencia St. - •¦ .
! llon«ekii(r HomtiK — Apnrtm't Honsei.
I THE Frederick. 901 Stapyan. opp. Park— Furn.
apartments; pri. bath; steam heater: janitor.
: ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
JUST OPENED.
HOTEL ORIKNTA (European plan). 140 Ma-
1 son et.. bet. Eddy and Ellis;- a new brick bnlld-
,' inir in the heart of the city; close to principal
i restaurants, theaters and r«tail I stores; mag-
¦ nificer.tly furnished rooms, single and en.sulte;
j hot And cold water; baths;, electric, lights;
I steam heat; telephone in every, room; an. all-
nicrit elevator service: first-class." ' Hammara
t baths in concection; rates very rt-at*Bable; ee-
' cure rooms quickly. -. ¦ .- ".*¦'¦ .- ,¦
' A— BRUNSWICK Housel 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to *1 per night. 1125 to $5 per week and
Itght housekeeping. rooms ;opeq all night.
j AT "'The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth ct.)— Rooms. 2flc. 50c. $1. $150 night;
tl 50 to $10 week; hcuse open all ¦ night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13C4)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721;- near Golden Gate ave. —
Funny front rooms; all conveniences; suita-
ble for 1 cr 2; $10.
* GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to SI tO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
j JESSIE, S63, ea*t U. S. Mint— Furnished room.
j $(i per month; for 2. $8.
1 LACUNA and McAllister. St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room. '
j ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-rocm. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to JS; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
Boor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath?.
j THE COURTLAND. 42 Turk st.; tel. Howard
2S17; neatly furnished rooms, suite & single;
transient" solicited. Mrs. M. Balrd. prop.
I 2 FURNISHED rooms to let; good for man
and wife: ?3 rncnth. Apply 2t;2 Third st. .
! UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy Ft., near Market—
400 aingle and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reafi'ng-rocm; free bus and baggage.
j VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
I WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d «t..\near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
X5c to $1 60 night; $2 to %H week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
1 ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Uranch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
j A BRANCH office for CaU advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SKS
Valencia et.
I ' ¦
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOXElTBALTlSoREi!
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECl-'-L RATES BY MONTH.
MUNGER & ZE3r:RG. PROPRIETORS. '
! HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
! STEVENSON mansion. 807 California st.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call,
16 cages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AM) UOAitU WASTED.
1 WANTED — A suite of rooms with board for
man &nd wife In a first-class hotel or. board-
ing-houpe north of Market street, en or near
: a car line; state rates. Address Box 4470,
Call office.
I I'R^I'O^LS^^
! - ro-u ' JLr - n -'-' ¦'¦'-•' LT.-.-L- .^¦L-.jwuwiwtm.^.-uuvi
XOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.
OFFICE Or THE BOARD OF STATE HAR-
bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, California, Novem-
ber 16. 1903. . ....
j Sealed proposals or bids will be received at
this t.-ffW Rt or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m. I
on Wednesday, December 23. 1003; fcr the
: construction of a tecticn of seawall and
wharf along saxoa to . be located between
Klr.g and Channel streets en the water
front cX the City and County of San Ftan-
cIfco. in accordance with the plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board August 27. 1903. _d on file in this
office, to which epecial reference Is hereby.
r.;ade. The work to be done under these -
specifications consists in furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
Ing a stone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. Il is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about SO.000 tons of etone; the wharf will
contain 06,060 Hjuare feet af wharf sur-
face. This section of the seawall will ex-
* tend from the Intersection of the ¦ northerly
line cr Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly along eaid water front line.
The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
position nor disintegration by the action of
tea water or air.
Two classes of stone will be recognized.
Th* first class will Include stone of one or
more cubic feet In fair assortment of sizes
between one and four cubic feet; -no object
tlon will be made to stone larger than four
cubic feet; this claes of etone must be free
of seams and marked lines of cleavage
The second class will Include stone of less
than one cubic foot. In assorted slses, but
no stone less than five pounds .will, be &i>
cepted at the quarry.
The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quanti-
ties of first class., close grained. Douglas
yellow. fir piles and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought' Iron
I. ¦¦¦its, *plke«, etc., all of the best quality
and rubjsct to a rigid examination..
No bid will be received unless It is made
en a blank form furnished from this office
tnd la accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the. aggregate ;'• amount of
the bid. payable to the order of the Secre-
tary cf the Board, as a guarantee on . the
part'ef the successful bidder that he will
within six (6) days after the acceptance of
the bid enter Into a written contract to 'do
t-jii'I work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications . prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this. Board a bond. In
' such turn as the Board may deem adequate
with '- a -surety company, to-be approved' by
the Board of State . Harbor Commissioners,
" and conditioned far the faithful performance
of rtch contract: ¦ nor will 'said" bid 'be con-
sidered by this : Board -unless delivered to the
ftecreUry .or to .the assistant secretary, at
the office of the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. .m. en Wednesday, Decem-
' ber -23, 1903.- at which . time and place the
bids will be ooened. ¦ ,'. _' -.'. ¦ ¦./ .-. . ,
The Board reserves the ¦ right to reject any or
all bids if -deemed for the best lntereet'of
the State. .•.-,<
Bidders are invited, to b« present at theopen-
Icr of the bids. •-• • ;i»vJ
CHAS. H. BPEAR.
JOHN O.. KIRKPATRICK,
.. ;. J. D.. MACKENZIE. ...
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FO Y. Secretary.
THANKSGIVING OP THE
PLUMBER AND .¦ /-;^.
THE BXTRGL—B.
BY OCTAVE TTTANET.
Strangest Story -You Ever Heard
of in the
- MEXT SUNDAY CALL
PCAJL ESTATE qTY«-FOB SALE.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TITSDAr....... ACCn . 0: Xovemb«- 24. 1903
At our BalesrootE!'. at 12 o'clock noon.
FREilONT KT INVESTMENT.
NV.\ cor. or Fremc=t ar.d Harrison eU.; ex-
tr«r.:tly large lot, 45x!?2:« f««: lmrrovemroU
coB3_t of throe i-story fratse bulldl2g^ con-
taming T-S-16 rooirf |JM Iar^ e etore; present
."^i^.low at J12S ;*r month; this is a most
ce»i:abi«> manufai tu:;r.i site- __.,„„_
GOLDEN GATE AVE. IN\ ESTMENT
N. line or GciU.-n «.Hie »ve.. «0 feet E of
FV.Iraore rt. ¦ No* J_ -'>• ** 30x100 feet; im.
I-rovetaents J" e)ef~"t ht BSJe* 8 rooms and bath
«*_; brick fooadalioa: b'.K" basement; rsat
$i>j; tnortFact 16000 fan be cbta:ntd.
POTRKRO UAXTTXCtVBSSa SITE.
SV\'. ccr. 13th and i'l-trero ave.; large parcel
of crotmd, 100x109 teet; **>& sell as a whole
or subdivide teto !ru::(2ins Ijts. 23x100 feet.
MISSION KLATS.
W. lice of Btiotwell et., 150 f*et north of
.21st; lot 80xl_HS fett; Nos. <5C2-C_V4; lm-
rrovemer.ts - tcautiful fiats, 4-5 rooms and
lath; beaut!:-: laws; large i>alra trete; build-
ln*r newiy ;:¦'.'¦' <*i: pSnmKua In flrst-claas or-
<ier; rent 541 1 r^r murth; concrete sidewalk,
bltujr.lr'.r.-J ftrett
WESTEKS ADDITIOX FLATS.
S. Kr.e til Pine Bt, <2:H feet E. cf \\>bster;
S fc_£sc.v.e f.ats, 6-T-8 roonis; permaneatly
rested* at $35 i'-;r nior.th; nsodera In every
reject.
MISSION FLATS.
S. lin* of 2.">tii ft.. ITS tr-ct TV. cf Sanchez:
Icire lot, 2*:<ixli4 feet; Xo. 4C23; 2 sunny
I"?tf. cor.tair.:rL? 5 roorsi ana bath e^ch; patent
t ts. brick :ouiidation, larg-e windmill ar.d
jfoivi.jrijjrn tar.k en premises; no wster bills
t> tay; rent $:i5 per menth.
LAGUNA ST. FLATS.
it. I'.r.e cf Lacuna ft.. 9<i feet S. of Filbert
StxlU teet; i'-o. 2UCS; iai^rovctneats. 3£ moc»rti
r.*:.'. C rooms ar.d bath. 12-foot basement; fin«
brick foundation; could »at'.!>- be made into 2
Bate: peal $40 per month
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
N. line of Chestnut st.. 123 feet W. of Vaa
*-'ess sac ; lot ST.-CxtST^i feet; particularly de-
frable neighborhood: flats erected could b«
ir.ade to r>aj" handsomely.
"SOUTH OF MARKITT INA*ESTMENT.
E. line cf Comeree Ft., 175 f^et N. of Bry-
ant, between Sth and 9th; lot £5x75 f*et; Xy».
€3 to 71; lsaprovemer.ts, 4 tenement flats; reTit
f".*. r^r menth; la good condition; bnck foun-
cation.
LANGTON ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line pf Langton ct.. 35 feet N. of Bryant
lot CSxSO feet; improvements on the premise
of dwelllae partially d^troyed by fire, whicr.
can ta.s!ly be remodeled at rllsht expense.
POST. ST. INVESTMENT.
N". Itee of Pott st.. 3C5 feet W. cf Frar.klin
larre lot. 50x137:6 fe^t; No. I3G0; present im.
I>roveinent consists cf ciagT.SScent 3-t.tory rest.
_dence'. 24 ri>ac:ous rooms an«l bath?: Fteedj
'tenant ready to take premises at ?175 pej
month; thi« portion of Post st. will coon lx
In-.portaat business property.
For further particulars fend for catalogue.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO^ .
CJ<vH=Tket st.
MODETRN ccttap-s: Cnlehed complete with
every convpr.!*-nce; eajy terras; large lots.
4 rooms— t:»0O.
€ rooms— J3C50.
rooms — *.".5<O.
6 rooms — $3000.
7 foorr.s— tiV<0.
8 rooms— ?»C0O.
Located on Flr?t and Second ave.. bet.
Geary and McAllister et cars end cr.e block
north cf park. F. NEL5ON. builder.
13U1LD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost irr.rxov. and part lot at 6 per cent,
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bulldin*.
FINE Jncime fiats oa Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 112 FVlton et.. turner.
FOR t&> — SE. DORWr of Vicksbunj £r.d Elii-
ebeth: lot 50x114: $2400. 2ZPA Howard st.
CKEATEST and tett in America— The Weekly
» Call. 16 pa^es. t*r.t to any address In tha
Vr.itVii Pt»:e* rr Cansda one year for SI.
Hi: II. ESTATE Country — For Salr.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY HOMES!
l!0 acr»» acljoirjing town; best land, barn and
fences; $3000. 11' acrt-S, all in pnMca. apricott
and peaches; aroo<i builfiir.rs; complete; $4500.
Other viaceii S to 8<«» acres.
I'ETERSON. REALTY CO., 1CC5 Market St.
ALFALFA lands. Etock rancbe*, orchv_.
vineyards; lnsp»K:ted bargains: monthly cat*-
¦CSOea »»nt free. C. M. WOC-STER CO.. C4S
lixrkrt rt.
FOIt eale — *. h^use of 4 rooms, with ~ lots,
each 5«i70 feet, in a tewn In Sonoma County.
For rarticulars apply at Ca.ll otflc-e.
A Tl EEK'S news fcr 0 cent* — The Weekly Cai'..
16 $>s.pe.«. i.T wrapper, for maiiirjf. SI per year.
ilERKEfiuiiVEKTISEMEiVTS
BKBKELEY RF.iL ESTATE.
A HOME in Berkeley; new acd up to date;
location the very b«rt: Email cash payment,
ruralnier in«ta"mpnts lesa than rent. S. F.
ar.d S. Hcme-huildin*; Society. 70S Market
Ft.. Fan F-anrisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAXD ROOMS TO LET.
VENDOME AND OR AND HOTELS,
655^ Washinjrton and 510 Ninth Ft?.. Oak-
land; furaishf-d rooms en suite or single, witb
cr without board: special rates to families.
Oa__d Xtoominr -H oases for Sale.
FOR SALE — Private house, 12 rooms, all full:
6«nin«T acrount of other business. Inquire
at 1066 Market «.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD Ft'nXITl'RE FOIl SALE.
TO-JIORROW the day fcr bargains in furni-
ture II. Schel'haas. Ilth Ft..cor.store.Oaklnd.
LEGAL ADVCIITISEJILXTS. .
>HjT7c^^fo~7?LATMA^TX^N"oVice^ is hereby
(Tiven ths.t tie tollowir.s: detcrlbed mer-
chandise has been ecized at this port for
violation cf tie United Statts revenue laws,
to- wit:
4 5-tael boxes prepared opium. Auk. 29.
1S03; fr«5 cirars, Jan. 2, 1KH; 4 5-tael boxen
prepared cpium. Aug. 13, 1S&6; lo u-iu-.l
boxes prepared opium, .*. uc. 13. liO6; 100
clears &nd 1<j0 citarcttt-s, Nov. 24, 1302; 1
packare filk. Nov. 28, VjG2; 2 pieces cloth.
rdt 11, llMi; 1 package cloth, Feb. 12, 1903;
100 citrars. Feb. 17, 1S»O3; 8 meerchaum
pipef, 14 meerschaum clpar-holders, Feb. 2t5,
1JW3; 12 bottles whisky. March 2, 13C3; 70<J
ci«ar«. Warcii 12. 11*03; 144 bottle* tin. 4S
bottles wlvisky, ..:< Ibe tobacco, 1550 cigars,
llRr«-h 12. IMS; 4C0 pkc» Chinese playing-
cards, iiar?h 23. 1603; <5 pieces eilk, 1 plec<
•root cloth, itarch 2T>. ISKKi; 12 pk;s. buttons,
3 fleees) cloth, ilarch 25, 11*03; S75 cigart,
I March 2S, 1»C3: 40 t!lk handkerchiefs, a lin-
en handkerchiefs. March 'M, 1003; <J3 eilk
cape. 200 clears. April a, lOaT; 1 pkff. eilk
klmona. April 9, 1303; 1 tea eet. April 8, 1SK>3:
I tea ¦«. April 8. 19G3; 1 tea Eet, 1 ellk
town, to ellk handkerchiefs. April 9, 10u3;
1 eilk umbrella. April ». 1H03; 54 »i!k hand-
kerchiefs. ZSQ clgam, April 0, 1903; MK) ci-
tars, April 1C. I'jd.'i; 1 lot miscellaneous arti-
cles. April 10, l'JCJ; GOO cigars, April 18
1903; 1CS0 cigars. April 20, 1303; 2525 cirars'
April 20, 19f>i; I cllk shawl. April ao. 1903*
1 eiik tiitwl. Arril JtO, 10C3: 4 pieces- wool
•loth. April SO, 1M3; 1 piece dre«g goods
30. 1»C3; 4 pieces cottoa cloth, 2 bed
cvmforters. April SO. 1903; 1 smoking Jacket
, May 4, 1903; 1 tea eet, May 4, 1903; 1 piece
k- ocl doth. May 4. i:»u"5; 2 pkss. giik gh.wla.
4. 1SC3; «>0 cigara, liay 4, 1JKC : 6l> 5-
utel boxes prepared opium. May 7, 1&03- «
pieces cloth. May 11. J&C3; 40 silk handker-
chiefs, 192 clears. Slay 20, 1V03; 2 pieeea
eilk. 3 pairs eUk hoee. May 23, l»03; 1 «Uk
shawl. 1 fan. 1 coat cf arms, 7 handker-
chief*. 2 napkin rings. May 28, 1903; 1 bolt
flik, I Batsuma cup find vase. May 'Js. l!>03;
250 cicerc. June 4, li/03; 128 pk^s. clgar-
ettra, 100 clears. June 11. 1003; 700 cigar-
ettes. Jure 11. 11>C3; t_ clear*, June 1L 1£>(»;
1 lot miscellaneous articles, June 15, l'j>xi;
I lot miicellaneous articles. June 15, 1903-
M00 cigar*. June 17. 130:5 : 430 pkgs. Chinese
• playing-cards, June 18, 1303; CM) cigarettes.
June IS. li»03; f»00 ci^ara. June IS, ion-
100 cIsjo-s. July 2, lKC'i; 1 tea eet, July l<j,
1903: -JOO cigars. July It. 10C3: 24 silk cap*,
75 clears. July 20. 1G03; 3»0 cigars. Aug. a
J903: 2<J<> cisarx, Aug. 5, 19C3; 3 B-tael Jara
feamfhu, Aug. S, 1303; 1 £-tael box prepared
opium. Aug. S, 1903; 9 embroidered Ellk
t i.av. >. c tilk handkercb-Jefs, Aug. 7, 1U0J;
• 2 carved emu ftg-gs. Aug. IS, 10C3; 1 dozen
•Ilk ' tanCkerchlefa. 2 eilk scarfs. Aug. 29,
1903: 1 case crockery, Sept. 1L l'JOi; 322
pkgs. . Cfcincse p'.aylnc-cards. Sept. 11, 19C3;
1 black tl!k dress. 2 crocheted skirt*. Sept,
11. 1S03; 2.rkcs. rtgarettes, Sept. 18. 19CU-
iOOO cigars. s*-pt. 25. l»O3: 1 pkg. cloth, Oct.
«J. 1903; 1 box decorated china. Oct. 9, 1903
A!l persons claiming the above described
merchandise, or any part thereof, are re-
quested to swear ar.d file claims of owner-
fhip *'lth the undcrelgned within twenty
_y*< from the first publication of this notice,
otherwise the fame wi!l be sold at public
auction, acccrdlnr 'to law, after due notice
being given. W. B. HAMILTON. Special
D«"jruty Collector.
Notice to CrcCltor*.— Estate of ALICE
EKAB, Deceased. BiiiUBI'lQilPirililllU
Notice Is hereby elven by the tanderBlgned.
the executor of the will of ALICE i-KAE. de-
ceaced. to the creditors or. and all persons bay-
ing cl&lzns against, th« 6aid' deceased, .to: ex-
albit Cbem," with the necer sary vouchers, with-
io\t«n <1C) raontha after t&a first publication of
*"¦• notice, to the rs:<J executor, at its place
JVfc^slncss. No.' 464 California street,- In th«
:ity and county cf San Franeitco, Sute of Cal-
ifornia. ' ' *
MERCANTILE TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
fPesi.] FltAJCCIPOO. Ly FREDERICK W.
ZHILE. Pr*«l<3ent, Executor of the Will cf
ALICE EKAE. Deceased.
I>aied at Ean Francisco. October 22d." lOOi
BAXLWAY- TRAV—C
SOUtHERNTPAClFIC
Trains leave anil are due to »rri ¥• »S
SAN FBANCISCO.
tMala Line, foot of MarHet Street )
inn — F«o» OcToaxa 21. 1903. — A»lX>a.
7.00* Benteia. Saturn. Slmirm tad S.icr»- " .
meato : ... ....... '7-ZSr
7.00a VttcaTllle. Wlaurs. RamseTj.. 76or
7 JO a MarUaes. 9u Kainon, Vallejo.
JT»ps, CalistoK*. Santa Bosa 8-ZSr
740a HUes, Ltvermore. Tracy. Li— rop. - ,: :
-8to«k:oa J.2Se
800* D«tU, Woodland. Eaightt Laadiag. .
MarysTUle. OroTlUe „ 7-55 r ,
800* AUasUeBxpre«»— Ogdea »adgaas..10.2&A
8 30a Port Costa. Martinez* An.tloeb. By-
ron,Tr»cj.3iocktoa.i»icrstaeaw, . ,.„ rt
Jftwinaa^Lo* Banoa, Uendott,
Annons, Lemoore, 'Baafordr ¦ •"*•--/ .
Vlsaila, PortertUle 4^5p
SiOi Port Contiv. Martlaes. Tracy. Lath- . ;
t ron, Modesto, Merced. Fre«no. . 1 -
Goahen Jaactlon. Lemoore, H»a- - -;
ford. Vltalla. Dakenaetd 4.53?
g JSa Sh««t* Eiprei* — Darls. wntUms * . ;
(for Bartleti Sprtnin). wnioirs,. •
tFrnto, I'.ed BlaS. Portlaad 7.55r
830a KOes, Saa Jose, Uvennore, 3toek>
ton,Ioae.S>cr»mento.Pliteervllle,
MarjaTllle. Chlco. Red Blaff 4.25F
0.30a Oakdale. CQtaeae. J»tne»WTrn. 8o- "
nora. Tttolomae and Angela ..... * 25 f
9 00 a Martlaej »a<l W»j Station*. 5§? r
1000a Vailejo. -.. A ... M^..^~ 12.2S*
10.00a " *
Port uotta, Jtarnnes, urwi.
Tracy. Lathrop. ¦ Stock loa.- 1.
Mereed. Raymond. FTeino,H»a». !
ford. Vlsalls, Baienflald. Los :
Aageles , <WesV _^
bound arrive* Ttt Coast Line)... #1.39*
10.00a The OrerUad Limited — Ogdea,
DenTer. Omaha. Chicago. g 2f *
12.00H Harvard. NHea aad Way SuUoas. f-25r
tUOF Sacramento Rlrer Steamers.. til.OO*
330r Benlcla. Winters. Sacrament*
Woodland. Kalxhts Landtag.
llarytTUIe, Otot111« aad way. n
statfoas ; •S'55 4 '
3 J0f Harvard. NHea and Way Buttons.. 7.65*
3.3G> Port Coata, Martinez. Byroa,
Tracy, Lattirop. Modesto. ,
Merced. Fresno aad Way Sta- —
Uons beyond Part Cona. .......' J2-2»>
330T Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. LodJ... 1825*
4.00r MarUnes,SaalUmon.ValleJo,Naaa,
-- . Callatosa. Santa Boaa. ... t-25A.
4 00f Stlea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt :....- 4^5'-
- 4 30* Hayward. NHea. Xrrlngtoa. Saa f tt.5d*
Joae. LtTermore '. I tl 1.55a
500* Tha Owl Limited— Xewmaa, Loa>-.
Banoa. M^ndou. Fresno. TularV ' .
BakeraBeld. Loa Angelas ........ >-55>
B OOr Port Coau. Tracy. Stocktoa. ...... 12 25f
t630r Hayward. Nllea aad Sao Jos« - 7 .25a
6.00* Htyward. Nile* and Saa Jote. 10 2Sa, .
8.00* Oriental Mall— Ocden. Daarar. V " T
Omaha, St. Loals. Chicago aad .
East. Port Coata. Benlcla,. SaK.* .'• .
aun, Elmtra, Dart*. Sacrameata> - •' - '
Rocklln. Auburn. Col fax.
Trockee. Boea, Be no, Wads-^ r •.
• worth, Wlnnemueoa, Battl*
Mounula. E5So mm 4.28*.
S.OOv Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 ES -
700* VaneJo.-Sandaf.OBly.,... -,C 4 . r" *
74)0* eaa Pablo, Port Coata, Martins* :J_ a-r
and Way Stations. ! .... ti-2SA %
84!6* Oregon * California Expreaa—Sa«c :^, -.
ramento,. Mary»rtlle» .Reddtnt;. '__ 1 •
Portland. Page t Sound and Eaat. 8.6?*. .
8.10* Hayward, NUei aad Saa Joae (Sun- ' Ht.
dayonly). ..- ._ 11-Ma,
COAST LI N E w (-'•arr.w fiaage). ~ ¦'
• (Foot of Market Street.) *
8-15* Newark, CenterrUleV Saa Jo»«. - •-•
¦ • Pelton. Boalaer Creek. 8*nu V* ,
Crut and Way Btatlona. S-JS* 1
t2-15r Ke-wark. CenterriUe, 8_ 'J (*«,, -•••,•. .
XewAlmaden.LoaOatoa,Fe:ton, .. •
0 Boulder Cr«4k. 'Santa. Cr_" and ' < vt
• Principal Way 8utloa» ,. 13 55a
4 16* 5ewark. 8an Jose, Los Oatos aad
. war *t*tlon!>... 'tS.aaa,
a9 30* Hnntera Tretn. Saturday only. 6aa
• Joae and Way Stations. Sunday J •¦ r
only retnrna froa Loa G*to»...j 17.28*^
OAKLANP HARBOR FERRY.
From S A N Fl'.AN CISCO. Foot of Market SL (3ltpl>
— n>U *:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3.00S.16.* —
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 «:•»
t9:Q5 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2-00 4 00 r.x.
COAST LINE tBraad ti»«.t. ¦,¦¦¦
UT~ (third anJ Towaaend Btracta.) . ¦¦
6.10a San Jot« and Way Stations,...,.... • JOr
7 COa Saa Joae and Way Stationa..... ... 8 33*.
8 00 a New Almadea (Tnea.. Frld., only), 4.1**
8 00a CoaatLine Limited— Stopa only saa . -. *
Joae. Qilroy (connection fir Hoi- - ,
Hater), Pajanx CaatroTllle. Sa-
llnaa. San Ardo. PMo Robles. .. ' . -
Banu Margarita, San Lola ObUpo, ..,'
Principal ataUona theneo 3urt
(connection for Lompoc) princt- ! .
pal atattona thence Santa Bar-
bara aad Loa Angeles. Connec- ' -
tlon at CaatroTllle to and from -
Monterey and Pacific Grore..... 13.41*
9.00a San Joaa, Tr«a • Plnos. Capitals. „•• .
8anuCrnz,Paclflc6rore,SaJlnaa. ,
San Lull Obispo and Principal
Way Sutlona 4.11>
1030a Ean Joae and Way St&Uona. 1.20*
11-30 a Santa Clara. San Joae, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30r
1.30* San Joae aad Way Stations ... .... 8 36*
3.00* Pacific GroTeExprena—SantaClara
eaa Jote, Del Monte. Monterey,
j Pacific GroYe (connects at Santa.
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
; '••; ; Creek' and Xarrow Gangs Polau)
¦«- '--at' Gilroy for HolUster, Trea „ '
** • *' Plnos. at CastroTlUe for Sallaaa. 12.1S»"
SJOr.Oilxoy Way Passenger j J10 45*
t4 4 5* San Jose, (tIa Santa Clara) Loa
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
.___. - tlona (except Sunday) „.. t9.294
«5-30r San Joae and Principal Way Station* *J.00a
6. CO* Sunset Limited. Eastboand.— Saa. .'
i \ Lnla Otilipo. Santa Barbara. Loa
Aogeles, I)emlcg. El Pa«o. New. . •
.Orleans. New York. fWestbound
• arrtTeajrta San Josantn VaUey). .. m^2Sa
T5.15* SanMs.teo.Bereifora.BelmoBt.Saa . .. -
'Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto tt-48*
6.30* San^Jose and Way Sutlona : 6.33a
11.30r South San Francisco, MUIbra«. Bur- - I
. . . , llngame.'*San Mateo, Belmont, • ' . :
. Ean Carlos, Bedwood, JT»!r Oakt,
1 ' Menlo Park, and* Palo Alto..:... S.45* ;
•11.30? Mayneld, Mountain View, Suany- . ¦
Tale, Lawrence, Sanu> Clara aad
San Jose. ¦. *-. tS^dgi* 1 ;^
A for Morniag. - p for Af temooa.
J Sunday only. i, ;» "-. „'
J £:opa at all autloas on Snnday.
tSanday excepted. « Saturday only. ..-,.
«Vla Ceaat Lin*. - tr Via faaa Joiqula VaUey. •
SVOnly trafns 1 topping at Valencia SCa«aiAbo_a
•Jre 1 :13 a Jl» t::C0A.M4ll:3O a.m.J 8: jOp.m. and fc30 r_ --
CALIFOBKU NOfiTH WSTEM Rt dK :
SAN FfiANGISCU AMO NQSTH PACIHC - :
B__WAY COMPAHT. '-V
TlDuxoa rexry. root ot Markst gUi— I.
8AS PBAKCISCO TO SAN SATAJOb. '<
WEEK DAYS— 7:.".0, 9:0O. 11:00 i. o.; 12:30.
1 3:30. 6:10.' 6:30 V. m. Thorsdaya— Extra ¦ tn? 1
at U:30 p.- m.-. .• •' .-\ .¦'.' . •• ¦ ' :-• , *
Saturdays— Extra trip iat l:?0 and 11:30 p.' ra. >
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. -9:80. *U:00i _ _: 1:80, 3iS9* "
B:00-frr20. 11:30 p.m. J- ' ' "'.
BAJX BATA2— TO SAK PBAJTCXSCOV
WEEK DAYS— «:06. T:S3. 7:BO. »:20. UO»
a. m. : 12:50. 3:40. 3:00. 8:20 p. m. - . ; .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:39 p, m.
SUNDAYS— S:<v>. 9:40. 11:13 a. _; 1:40. 3:40,
4:53. S:03. <:2S p. m. - • . • -. ...
Leave T In Effect - I Antra , •
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1803. ,|3ao Francisco.
Week I STin- i Peatlaa- • I Bua- I WT««]c ,
Days. I days. I . Uop. f daya, f "Daya.
7:50 a 8:00 a ~ '. 9:10 a S:40av
9:30 a igntLdo. 10:4OalO:29a
8:30 p S:30p , . . , «:0fl p 6:20 9
B:10p 8:00 p ¦ . -• . 7:»p ¦ .
7 30 af : - 9:10 a 8:4Oa
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petalnma. 6:03 p «:2Op
6:10 p 8:30 p and • 7:3Sp --
6:00 p . Santa Rosa - "
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fnlton. 7:35 p 6:20 9
1^0 pf 8:30 p{ f - - ' - ¦
¦Windsor. ' .-. -- .' . .
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdabur*. . 10:40 a 10-.20 a.
Lyttoo.
3:30 pf 3:30 pr G«ys«rvilU. 7:«3p «:20»
I . I Clovardale. . . -
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 ailO-.aO a
3:30 a| 3:30 pi and Uklah. \ 7:33 p[ 6:20 9
7:30a|3:00a| W11UU. |" 7 :S5 p| 8:20 P~
7:3Oal 8:00 a) - -- — \VX«i a|10:20 a '¦
3:30 pf 3:30 pf Cutrnwill*.' - |'7^3-pf-6-;ao-p>-
7:30 at 8:00 al .' Bcnoma. \. ¦- I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
B:10p| 5:00 pf Glen Ellen. I 6:06 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at 110:40" all0:2O •>•
3:30 tl 3:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:35 pf «:2O p
STAOES connect at Graen Brae for ' 'Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa Tor White "Sulpha
Springs; at Fulton for AltrurUr and. Mark West'
Springs; at Lytton. tec Lytton Springs; at Gey-
gervllle for Skates Sprtncs;. at Cloverdal* for
the Geysers. Boonevtlle and Greenwood;- at
Hopland for Duncan Sprbigs.- Highland SprlB»s_
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Sprina^ Soda Bay, Lake.
port and Bartleu £prin«;s; af Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blua. Lakes. Laar»I '
Pell Lake. Witter Spring*. XTpp«r Lake, Potno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. LJer!y* 3
Buckneira,Sanhedrin Iteuhts, HpHvUI*. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Compton*,- Camp
Stevens. Hopkins,. Mendoclno City. Fort Bras;*;.
Westport, Usal; at Wllllta for Fort Bragi,
Weatport. - Bherwoed-. Cahto. •Covello.--Layton» :
rllle. 'Cummlwrs, Bell's .' Springs. Harris, ©l-
aen'». Dyer. Garberrllle. Pepperwood. Scoti*
and Eureka. ' . ¦ - - - - • - - '
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at ra- - *
' dnced rates. ¦ - . • > "-¦¦•. «¦.-*¦< "¦
On Sunday ' round- trip • tickets to .'all paints- -
beyond. San Rafael at half rates. ' ¦• • -. "*
: ' .Ticket i oifics. 630 Utfrkat street, C_bolcl« -
building. .,.-.,- '--:."¦.
: .; Gen. Manager. .J . 'ICen. I^aasi. Ajrt.^ .,
; IVsT. Tamalpais RA'ibwiiY^!
• . . Leave. V Ti» Saas*mp.fsij ..irrive- ;; :¦
> SanFrandaco yprtrf EirkatSC-' SanFnndtc»-«
¦-Week Son- i_b- ¦¦- Sai* ¦¦. Week"
1 Days. • -dayr" jfiy^f^f^K. day* Day*. ¦
•U:W1'8:OOa E£&5s&&a VJ-.oir V$-40l'
•l:46p 9:OOa «sSSk_Hf l^if ?:5l)f
5:15p IO.-OOa lsl^«»Sv' 3:5 n r.%:AOr
«.^^.; 11:00a l^£gSaf 4:60f 9:5Or •
., *e»ai^Via atagi „ ' ?*'¦¦ JliSBaaai.TOs^esssi^'"
TICIIT I C26 Maur ST^(NortU Shora lUUroad)
«I_1 : 1 aa4 Sausauto Pkut. Foot Matkat St.
PROPOSALS — Continued,
PROPOSALS op Clothins and Equipage.
Depot Quartermaster's Of«e-, 36. New-Mont-
Bomery St., Salt Francisco,: Calif crnia; ¦ No-'
-veir.ber 0. 10(K{. — Sealed proposals.. .In. tripli-
cate, will be received at. this Cf fleet uTitil -10
o'clock a. m... Monday,- November 23,..190o,
Pacific Standard Tim»?, and' then" opened; -for
furnishing Rt either the Philadelphia/ Bos-
t»n. Chicago or San KraneiscT*. depotsy v *of-
Mattresses, Pillows. Mattress * Covers. Befl
bhests, PUlow Cases and Card Holdeis. .con-
forming in all respects to standards and
specifications to be seen.at this office.?- Qoaii'.
titles to be subject to an increase of 20 per
cent, "if desired by the Department. Bids
for the same articles will be opened same
time at the ether depots abive mentioned.
To avoid misunderstanding as. to tbff-exact
nature of; tfie" articles *o be furnished, •bid-
ders will carefully * examine tha. standard
samples and specifications, so that proposals
may be submitted by them '.-with a full
knowledge -of -what will be required, as an
absolute consonance with the standards and
specifications "will be -Insisted upon in the
inspection of the eoods. Unguaranteed "bids,
and bi(H .for delivery or' inspection -at oihen
t>oints than those :narrfed above, will not be
considered. Early- del jverles /are essential.
Bidders must state in their" proposals '. the
rate and time of dtlivery, should contract be
awarded to them... Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
«-qual (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
end such preference will be given to articles
of American production and . manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast to the extent
of 'the cor.sumoticn required by tha -public
service there. T*e United States reserves
the right 'to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will be indorsed, "Proposals Xo. S679," and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, •Quarter-
master, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
BIDS will be received by the Uniform Board,
National Guard of California, at the office
of the Adjutant General. Sacramento, Cal.,
up to noon of December 18, 1903, for furnish- :
ing and delivering 3740 dress coats and 3340
raps, new regulation, for the National Guard
of California. Forms Of bids and all in-
formation, connected therewith can be ob-
tained on application to Lieutenant Colonel
TOED J. H. RICKON. Div. Q. M., /recorder
of the board, room 236, Phelan building, San
Francisco. Cal. ; " • ¦
SAX FRAN'CISCO. Cal., Xov. 18, 1903.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., December IS, 1903,~and
then opened for construction of a. brick hos-
pital plumbing, gas piping and
heating) at Fort McDowell, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whole or in part. Information fur-
nished -on application to WM.- S. PATTEN,
Asst. Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS. :
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 Hi Market et., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ekin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st. (J
REMOVED— DR. WONG I HIM. herb doctor."
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TOXG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all disease* of -human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington' st.
DR. H. C. WONG, 719 Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dla-
easea cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay- st.
PAPERIIAXGIXG. PAIXTIXG. ETcT
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d et. : tel. Main 413.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the lot
owners of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery Asso-
ciation will be held at the office of the as-
sociation on FRIDAY. November 20. 1903, at
9:30 a. m., for such business as may be
legally brought before It. By order o£ the
Board of Directors.
¦ GEORGE PEXLIXGTON. Secretary.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
NJSW HOME sewing machine; this week only:
tlO. <15. f20: Slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market Bt.
specialTsts^ -
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat.
rr.pnt fr°e. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter St.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van~CorT7urntture7
household goods stored, moved, chipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third : phc^ie Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and' Powell sts.; tel. Prlve. E™ 571.
COXKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storaee; advances made; 840
, Mission St.; tel. Howard R41. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERIXG AXD STAMMERIXG.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cur»
In every case; Individual teachinc: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;home cure.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— i EVe
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
. ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery St.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented- repaired.
¦ Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. 508 Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Thomas A. Cavanagh. 26, 276 Turk street,
and Caroline Delahay, 23, 16.95 Bush street.
Clyde Landers, 21, 807 Golden Gate avenue,
and Gertrude J. Mann, 23. 234 McAllister «t.
Sterling B. Nourse, 31, Chlco, and Mabel
Forbes, 22. Sacramento.
Walter B. Young, 21. 214 Third street, and
Jessie R. Wood 21. 251 Lobos street.
Clifford J. Stewart, 23, Oakland, and Jessie
Bramel, £r>. city.
. Francis H. Tunison, 23, 428 Geary street, and
Ada L. Chacman. 17, 200 Gough street.
Kmili'i R. Guinasso. 25, 17 Jasper place, and
Maria G. Guinasso. 20, 15 Lafayette place.
(Max Reinhertz, 23, city, and Stella Stamper,
,21. city.
Robert Butler, 25, 207 Main street, and
Mary Dee, 24, GU3 Tehama etreet.
Jnb:i R. Parker, 2S, Chicago, and Edna L.'
Pflster. 19. 7 Elgin Park.
Arthur Klrtd, 37, 24 Sixth street, and Daisy
D. Smith, 20, Monterey. '
Pasquale Eeghetti, 38, Guernevllle. and Emi-
lia Vannuchl, 26, Guemeville..
James J. Griffin, 28, city, and Carmen L
Monroy, 18. city. ' .
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— BEAT^S, ¦;
Birth, marriage and death' notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of . per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
Irea of charge. ,
BORN. >
BEAUDIN— In Vallejo. November .17, 1903, to
the wife of P. A. Beaud In (formerly Lillian
Mitchell), a son. .
BURKE— In this city, November 15, 1903. to
the wife of Edw. R. Burke, a son. -
GUTTER — In this city. November 3, 1903, to
the wife of Louis Gutter, a eon.
6COW— In this city. November 16, 1903, to
the wife of Wllllaai C. Scow, a son.
MARRIED. ~
MATHENY— NELSON— In this city. Novem-
ber 18, l»03, by the Rev. Georsre W. White.
pastor of Central M. E. " Church, Edward
Matheny and Jennie Nelson, both of Tu-
olumne. Cal. - ¦ » ¦¦¦ • ¦
_______
' Baker, Annie . Hawton, Elizabeth L.
Beard, John L. Jackson, Aaron. E.
Pecker, Walter Lambert, Madallne
Bolton. Ann E. May, Edward
Broderick. Katie Minkel, Christian
Brown. Benjamin B. Moore, Newton C. • •
Carlson. G«orge G. O'llare, Ada M.
Ccmmlns, Leo R. Smith. Mabel H. *
Dibbera. J. Henry - Terry, Charles D.
- Eberwetn. Teresa ¦ w . Vosseler. . Chxistinfe :
Foin, Frederick A. ¦
BAKER— In. this cUy, November 19,.. 1903, An-
HENRY J. CALL ACH E R CO.
• (Successors to Flannng-an & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN.' Mgr. *
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS'
20 Fifth St., opposite • Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.. ; " . . •
UNITED UNDERTAKERS. 5
— ¦ —^Funeral Directors and Embalmers.———-
' : Formerly in MetroDOlitan Temple,'- - i
• Now ¦ at ¦ lst3C MISSION. Tel. South J 167.*'
< Between Fourth and. Fifth, near Fifth" st. * :
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. . ;;
• James McGinn. Henry Hansen.'
•JAMES McGINN & CO..,;;. l ."
•Formerly With -McGinn Bros.,' "
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers.
214 Eddy «t.: Tel. South 57H. - . .
! "nle. beloved wife of Frederick W. Baker, a
nativ* of Ban. Francisco.
BEARD— At hia - residence . near ., Centervllle.
! Xctv^mber /lO,rl?03.' John L. ,Beara. axed 58
j years and '5- manias? . v J 1 ¦';/.?' »-4 - .
t ¦ -ETTriends and acquaintancea are- respect-
j -full*' Jn*4ted to^aUend tas- fuMsal; services
' 'November.; 21.. 1003. .: at 10:30
» -o'clock,. at-.*is late resldence.vnqpr-Center-
) r- • ;, i ¦¦ "" .-;•:> ','*•
BgCJKER^rlV thi4^clty.. Noyemb/» 17. 1903.
'• "Walter, dearly beloved son of Balthaser and
. Emma Becker, and Jovlns. brother of Fred-
: erick Rrid Louisa Becker, a native ".of San
Fraiiclsco, a»;ed;-7^years,H.iatatIx^ana 27
"days. '.---.».'.•-# j.,-,.
(^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited tp- attend -the funeral; s«rvlo;s
1 Friday November '20, 1903, "at 1 o'clock, at
• the mortuary chapel of X. 3. Godeau. 305
J Montgomery, avejiue. i .';..} '
BOLTON— In this city. November 19, 1903.
¦ at her residence.. 2554_ Greenwich street.
! Ann Elizabeth, beloved wife of H.
. B6rtori. and' devoted mother- of- -JVilUamJ*.
i J.*n H-. Richard 'B. and Edward M. Bol-
ton/. Mrs. I.. DunlaD and Mrs L^ Block, a
native ef Dublin,. Ireland, a«Sd 56 '.years 8
months and 5 days. ;. ¦."
BRODERICK— In East Oakland, November IS,
190X Katie Broderick, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of John and .Ellen Broderick. and loving
sister of Eleanor. Margraret and Eveline
Uroderick, a native -of Bodle. CaU. aged 15
y °CyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend tlie funeral to-day (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock frrm the residence of the parents.
1274 Thirteenth avenue, thence to St. 1 ?* An-
thony's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
BROWN In thla city. November 19, 1903.
Benjamin B. Brown. A member of-Paper-
hantrere' Union No. COO. T,J~J~'Ji
CT" Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
' McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh J 'and Eighth.
CARLSON— In~ this city, November 13, 1903.
George Gustave, beloved son of Gustave and
Alma Carlson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months.
COMMINS — In this . city. November 19, 1903.
Leo Richard, dearly beloved Infant son of
James E and Maurle Commlns. brother of
Maggie Alice. Eyclene and Ruth Commlns.
and grandson of Mrs. Margaret Egan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 months, and
JKS days.
E2T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 22 at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 3430 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
DIBBERN-*-In this city,' November 18, 1903.
J. Henry Dlbbern. a native of Germany,
aged 60 years. , ¦ -
(C7"Friends are Invited to attend thefu-
neral sen-ices to-day (Friday), at . 10:30-
o'clock, at the chapel of NV Gray & Co.. 353
I; Butter street. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. ¦...
EBERWEIN— In this city, November 18, 1903,
Teresa, beloved wife of Martin D. • Eher-
wein. mother of William and the lata. Wal^
ter Eberwein. and sister of Mrs. T. Ratch-
" fcrd • Mrs.-M. Murphy^ and' Thomas,. .John;-
¦•' Michael ond Nora Gorman, .a 'native of
County Oalway, Ireland, aged 2« years '10
months and 20 days. (Loa Angeles papers
please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral " to-day
• Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1347 Minna . street, between Four-
teen th and Fifteenth, thence to St. Charles
Borromeo's Church, where : a requiem high
' mass will be- celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross.
Cemetery. < ,..'-.¦
FOIN— In this city. November 19. 1903, Fred-
erick A. Foln of . Fresno, , beloved husband
of Margaret E. Foln, lovlns; father of Llz-
ile Clarence. Owen and 'Rev. Father Leon
Foin of Sunbury. Pa- Mrs. G. V. Martin of
Woodland aad the late Harry Foin, a native
of Lorraine, France, aged 67 years and 8
months. ". ,, _ _ '
CTRemains at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street,, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
HAWTON — In this city, November 'IS, 1903,
Elizabeth L., beloved wife of Robert T.
Hawton, and mother of Frank J. and Maria
Hawton, a native of England.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
November 21, lt>03. at 10:30 o'clock, from
her late residence, 617A Vallejo street, thence
to Grace Episcopal Church, corner of Stock-
ten and California streets, where services
will be held at 11 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
JACKSON — In Palm Springs, November 17,
1903, Aaron Edward, beloved son of David
and O'ive Jackson, and brother of Frances
M. Jackson, a native of Missouri, aged . 25
years arrd 19 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, November 20, 1003, at 2 o'clock, at
the Twenty-third Avenue Baptist 'Church.
Interment private.
LAMBERT— In this city, November 19, 1003.
Madallne. Myrtle, beloved daughter of James
and Maggie Lambert, and granddaughter of
Martin and Maggie Mohr. a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 2 days.
MAY— In this, city, November 18. 1903, Ed-
ward May, husband" of Margaret C. May,
. father of Alice B.JMay, ,and brother of Mrs.
L. Livingston, a dative of Germany, aged
M years and 10 months.
ICTFuneral cervices • to-day (Friday), at
• 9 o'clock, at his late residence, lttSO Fell
street. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers.
MINKEL— In this" city. November 18, 1903,
Christian Minkel,' husband of the late Marie
"A. Minkel, and. father of John C. and Fred-
erick W. Alinkel and Mrs. Martin Holje, a
native of Germany, aged 88 years and 3
months. •.« • . - ; • ¦ ¦
ttCT-Funeral service* at the chapel of Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery to-day (Friday), at
11:45 o'clock. Funeral car will leave Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets at 11 o'clock.
•Friends invited.
MOORE— In this • city, November 14, 1903.
Newton Cad well, beloved' and only son of
Charles C. and Lillian May Moore, a native
of ¦ San ' Francisco.' a«ed' 7 years 9 " months
and 7 days. .' •'
IC7 Funeral private .Friday, November 20,
at 2' o'clock^ from the- residence of his
parents, 3100 Washington street. ' v
O'HARE— In this city, November 19, 1903.
Ada Mary, dearly beloved daughter of Eu-
frene and Catherine O'Hare, and sister of
Horace, Eugene, Kathleen and Genevfe've
and the late Grace .O'Hare, a native of San
Francisco,, aged .1 year 11 months' and 2
• days. • ' ...
SMITH— In this city, November 19. 1903, Ma-
bel Hilma Johanna, beloved daughter of
Charles F. and Cathrlna Sophia Smith, and
sister , of Mrs. Alice Wilson, Mrs. Mamie
Burke and Dennis and Helen Smith, a na-
tive ' of San ¦ Francisco, aged 12 years 6
months and 6 days.
TERRY— In this ' city. November 13, 1903.
Charles D. Terry, beloved 'brother of Albert.
A. • and John O. Terry and Mrs. Frances
Bennett, a native. of San Francisco, aged. 44
years 10 months and 9 days. .
B^TFrlends and acquaintances and - mem- '
bers of th« Theatric*' Mechanics" Associa-
tion No. 21 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral • to-day (Friday), at ¦ 10
o'clock, from his late residence, 516 Jones
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
. train leavlrjjr Third and Townsend streets
at 11:30 o'clock.
VOSSELER— In this" city, November 19, 1903,
Christine Voeseler, beloved mother of Chris-
tine, Ursula and Johann Vosseler, Mrs Mafia i
Gluck and Mrs. H. P. Petersen, Mrs. J.
Rein and Carl Vosseler In Germany and j
Martin Voeseler and Mrs. A. Bartcls of Min- ;
nesota, a native of Baden, Germany, aged
73 years. - . . ;
E7" Friends are respectfully invited to' at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 1 i
o'clock, from her late residence, 813 Polk
street.- Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. , ¦ • . ¦' ¦-.
'"JBg DnR.L.Walsll
Jt3 $KYv ' .haiMismil denial pr»«ti»s
«»M* 847 Ceary St.
tlrwtij eppaiiti 8»rateg» Hall
Reduced Ra tes for . Thirty Days
Painless Extraction .. ; . . 25o: .
Fillings . . . ;r? . . . . * . . . socV
Crowns . . . .'. .$£00 to $5.00
Plate Work ... $5.00 to $25.00 "
look roa this in. bach othie dax. -
v Delay Garbage: Crematory Fight. : ¦
;'i OAKLAND,': Nov. Council
committee, to-night' a'resoiulioh'j'touchl
Ing the garbage* cremat6ry.; matter wa*s
laid over : pending action 'by 'the', stock-
holders, of the Pacific Incinerating Com"!
pany 'In! the ,deadl6"qk; over ' the"*qpenlng
of ; the » plant at * its -.present;*.- location',
Twenty-sfxthf afriQ. Ma'gftoti ia* streets.:' It
Was '.reported'' to -.''the •' co'mmltteeX; that
there^^'^'dy^^rence.of opinion "arnorig.
the stockholders .on, theipoint whether
to/fightUo'retairirthis'locafioh. "or Vfto
move on to the jnar"s,hgs r west of Peralta
street. ;_ /¦"
;Durin'g r the.*ra*clnsr:' season;.; more 4 than,
. $1,000,000 a "day la- wagered on • horses. 7 -' -i'
RAILWAY TBAVEI*
[ 9ALIF0RN2A
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
Leaves Monday* and Thursday* B
at 8:30 a. m., through In 3 days* K
' with diner and all trappings. JH
Other Santa Fe Trains:
I : S *" „" I Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfields
».3Oa. m. >• M erC ed, Haniord aa4 VUalla. .
B:ou p. ra. j
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. ta. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon aad
Chicago. ¦ ; ,;
Txcht Offic*: 641 Market St., and Tmtry
Depot. 3. r. Also 11U Broadway, Oak-
land, CaL :
a TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILLVALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausali to Ferry.
Service." fetandard Gauge Electric — '\
Depart from. San Francisco. Daily— 7 :C0, 8UX>.
S»:0O. 10:00. ll:0O a. m.. 12:20, 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
Cas.'-ttas. 7:00x8:45. 10:2O. 11:45 p, nx - . *
FROM -SAN RAFAEL iTO SAN'FRANCISCO
—Dally — 5:23, 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 0:33ill:01 »..
ni.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:53. 3:45, 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8:45.10:20 p.m. > ' • ' .;.-•;. '•«•: ; .•
FROM < MII_ VALLEY , TO BAN FRAN-'
CISCO^-Dall)«-5:45/ 6:55.- 7:52; 8:55. 9:53,"
11:20 a."m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:06, 5:05, 6:05!"
7:05 9:00,10:35 p.m. - . . -
THROUGH TRAINS.
>8:00 a. m.- week days— Cazadero and , way
stations. -:.¦•' " - . ' - -
5;15 p.m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tom«le8 and w«y stations. -,*.'•¦ •_ -•
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way na-
tions. .. ,' * • '• r '¦'•'. " '.' ...
. .Sundays only — 10 a. m., Point Reyes and way"
stations. . .. •. • -.. t
.TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st. : ' . : . 1'
FERRY— Union Depot.- foot • oT • Market st. t - 'William". J. Robertson, , vice president
of the British- American Dredging Com:
panyof Atlln, B. C, is a guest at the
Alexander Hagan pleaded; guilty in
Judge Dunne's court yesterday to a
charge of burglary and will be sen
tenced to-morrow. He and John Mori
arity, who was tried and'convlctpd last
week, boarded the schooner General
Banning on ¦October .-,9 and stole ; the
ship's compass. Moriarity will .also, be
sentenced to-morrow.
Pleads Guilty to Burglary.
This Week's Town Talk.
This week's Town Talk — the Thanks- •
giving and household number — Is a no- ¦!
table 1 achievement in local Journalism. !
It is an artistic magazine containing ;
much that is of interest. to .the general '
reader. One of its features' is an analy- >
sis of the character of Grover Cleveland
byJohn P. Irish. A superb portrait of.
Virginia Harned is accompanied by her
autobiography, in which she defends Pi- i
nero's "Iris." , There, is a letter from
New York of ' interest to- women, sev- ,
eral ¦ breezy,- sketches, ; some . good verse, '
important*. news-, of v > the. navy,, together
with the usual sprightly paragraphs
about society people by -the rSaunterer
He tells among other things how ' Mrs!
Parrott is going to revolutionize local
society; also about Emily Rosenstern's !
latest venture, the crusade against Kath
erlne Ball, how Miss Dillon missed a tea
and how debutantes are boomed.. •
FAVORS SAFETY STATION
ON MARKET STREET
S£reet Committee Requests Board of
Works to Grant Necessary Per
mit for Improvements.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
yesterday requested the Board of Pub
lic Works to grant permission to
Charles Brown & Son and other store
keepers to erect a public safety station
at the junction of Market, Fourth, El
lis and Stockton streets. The work is
to be performed by the Board of
Works, but the expense,will be borne
by adjacent property owners. The
committee suggested that lights be
placed at each end of the station to
prevent accident by night. '
The committee recommended that
the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway Company ' be granted an ex
tension of time until April 30, 1904, to
complete the steel footbridge on Nine
teenth street.
The committee adopted the assess
ment districts for grade changes on
Parnassus and Buena Vista avenues.
The committee ordered stone side
walks to be constructed on Ashbury
street south of Haight; a sewer in An
derson street, between Eugenia avenue
and Powhattan street; a sewer in
Ninth avenue near N street south, and
the grading of Eleventh avenue near
M street. -
The petition of J. E. Miller to lay a
pipe line in certain x streets for the pur-
FAIL TO FILE STATEMENT
OF ELECTION EXPENSES
Several Defeated Candidates Neglect
to Comply With the Purity
Law.
Several defeated candidates for of
fice at the last election neglected to
comply with the purity law requiring
sworn statements of their campaign
expenses. They are W. Broderick, who
ran for Auditor; W. J.- Hlnton, for
Treasurer; Maxwell McNutt, John
Stephens, Edward Gleason, for Super
visor, and W. W. Sanderson, for City
Attorney.
The law makes such neglect a mis
demeanor, but -it is. not thought" that
any action will be taken. The District
Attorney has power to bring action
against the delinquents. Their neglect
might militate against them in the fu
ture should they be elected or appoint
ed to office.
APPOINTS ATTACHES OF
NEW POTRERO HOSPITAL
Health Board Names Dr. G. L.
Painter to Be Surgeon in Charge
of Emergency Branch.
The Health Board yesterday formally
appointed Dr. G. L. Painter surgeon of
the Potrero Emergency Hospital at a
salary of $100 per month: Robert Doeff
ner. day steward, and W. E. Leutendt.
night steward, at salaries of $70 per
month each. The hospital was opened
on November 15 last, and will be wel
comed In the iron works district .
The board ordered 'the immediate va
cation of premises at 19 and 21 Wash
ington alley, known as Fish alley and
belonging to George B. Keane. the
Mayor's secretary. The premises were
condemned as unsanitary last August,
and the board refused to grant a further
extension, of time to make the place san
itary, which the inspectors reported can
not-be done. ¦ . . ' .
The Board appointed George Schindler
cook at-the Almshouse.
The Old Camper
has for forty-five years had one article
in his supply — Borden's Eagle Brand
Condensed Milk. It gives to soldiers,
sailors, hunters, campers and miners a
dally comfort, "like the old home." De
licious in coffee, tea and chocolate. •
Among the other exnibitors whose
work is a decided addition to the art
store of San Francisco are:
Margaret Bradford, who /in water,
colors offered "San Mateo Hills,"
"April," "A Hay Field" and "The
Quarry."
Mrs. Charles W. Farnam exhibited
"11 a. m."
J. M. Griffln had "Sundown,"
"Storm," "Evening" and "Twilight."
Eda St. John Smitten presented "The
Silent Hour."
C A. Beck offered "Conscience Makes
Cowards of Us All."
Annie Frances Briggs had on exhi
bition "Near Berkeley."
M. de Neale Morgan had a splendid
water color called "Point Loboa Cy
press." . .
F. Edith Whitefleld offered "Gray
Day on the Lake," "Study— Alameda"
and "Chain of Lakes."
C. P. Nelson presented "Arches— San
Juan Mission" and "In the Chapel-
San Juan Mission."
Elmer Wachtel, - recently from 'the
south, had several good marines, en
titled "Laguna Coast." ¦ i&iV*-, • i
Willis .E." Davis - offered ; "Tiburon
Oaks," "A Corte Madera Bit," "Sketch
Portrait of. Elmer Wachtel," "Hillside—*
Bollnas Bay," "Coast Pines— GualaJa"
and "Gualala. Coast". ... - - . .
L. P. Latimer offered "Road In Mill
Valley," "Study— Big Redwood Can
yon," . "Study— Big ; Redwood Canyon,"
"Study— Mill Valley," "Valley Oaks—
Sonoma County." "Redwoods," "At the
Foot of Lone Mountain," "Brown Hills
—Sonoma County" and "A Bit of Mill
Valley."
Amanda Austin presented "Glimpses
of the Sacramento" and "Sonoma Val
ley."
Helen Fonda Walker 'offered "Old
Custom-house — Monterey" and "House
of the Four Winds."
Amy B. Dewing had on v exhibition
"Out of Monterey."
John A. Stanton had for sketches
"Winchelsea— England," "The Seine-
Paris," "Springtime," "Statue of the
Virgin— Ursuline Convent, Brittany,"
"Brittany," "Cypress Point—Monte
rey," "Flnisterre— Brittany" and . "Old
Moulin— Brittany."
Kate H. Maher offered "Grove at Ho*
and hardly less suggestive is his pic
ture of "The Housewife," with all its
air of calm content and sketchy, com
fortable coloring, that shows genius.
Nevertheless "Expectation" may be
made a great painting with further ef
fort.
John M-. Gamble has a striking port
rait of the late Gaylord S. Truesdell,
which somehow bears the marks of too
decided shading and still remains true
to life. It Is one of the most attractive
pictures of the exhibit
Mrs. Alice B. Chittenden, encouraged
by the favorable comment her first ex
hibit received at the painters' and
sculptors' exhibit, appears with nine
sketches In oil of Eastern scenes. Be
tween them It would be hard to make
a choice, they are all so deserving.
Fall and springtime, with all their
varied coloring, are so beautifully de
picted that one wonders at the extent
of her art in painting roses and the des
olation of an Eastern winter.
OTHER EXHIBITORS.
RALEIGH, N. C Nov. 19.— Because
he declared in a magazine article that,
save Robert B. Lee, Booker T. Wash
ington was the greatest man born in
the South during the last 100 years, and
parents In consequence threatened to
withdraw their pupils. Professor John
Spencer Bassett of Trinity College of
Durham, N. C M has offered his resigna
tion. The article containing the decla
rations about Washington has been
severely, condemned by many persons
and Methodist churches, it is said, have
demanded that ¦ Professor ! Bassett be
dismissed from the faculty of Trinity
College.',
Article Contributed by John Spencer
Bassett to a Magazine Arouses .
North. Carolinans.
tel Bon Air" and "Sketch— Lake Coun
ty."
H. Hammarstrom presented "Fisher
men's Wharf," "At the Hay Wharf"
and a sketch.
There were a host of other deserving
exhibits, mention of which is'prohib
ited by space. . ¦
During the evening an excellent or
chestra under the direction of Henry
Heyman rendered a delightful pro
gramme of music, which poured out
melodiously through the arches of the
vast building and added much to the
attractiveness of the exhibit: The ex
hibition will be open daily from 9 until
5 o'clock, commencing to-day, and on
the evenings of Wednesday, November
25, and Thursday, December 3, on
which occasion a musical programme
will be rendered under the direction of
Harry Heyman. Art and music lovers
should not miss the treat In store for
them.
DISMISSAL OF COLLEGE
PROFESSOR IS DEMANDED
Irene D. Reeves, a teacher in the
Polytechnic High School, through her
attorney, Stephen V. Costello, filed a
suit yesterday for an Injunction re
straining the Board of Education from
carrying into effect a resolution adopt
ed Wednesday placing her on the un
assigned list without salary. She
claims that the resolution was adopted
after the discussion of false and ma
licious charges preferred against her
by Walter N. Bush, principal of the
schoql.
Irene D. Reeves has been a teacher
in the,- department almost continuously
since 18S0. She was out for a time, hav
ing been dismissed by the Board of
Education on charges preferred against
her by members of the department. At
torney Costello took her dismissal into
court, and she was restored and given
Judgment for back salary amounting
to J3000.
Irene D. Reeves Asks Injunction Re
straining Board of Education From
Acting on Resolution.
OBJECTS TO BEING PUT
ON TJNASSIGNED LIST
A C0RN*ER IN* THE SEARLES GALLERY OF THE HOPKINS INSTI
TUTE, WHERE THE ANNUAL EXHIBIT OF THE SAN FRANCIS
CO ART ASSOCIATION WILL BE HELD.
the order that they be used instead of
the official forms.
Scherf said Irwin had ordered him
not to pay any attention to a telephone
call from one Klnney, who said he
would inform the Poundmaster If cows
belonging to A. Marty, a milkman, got
into his fleMd. Klnney did telephone,
but Scherf paid no attention to it.
Klnney finally located Irwin and de
manded that the cows be impounded.
Scherf said he was subsequently hand
ed $5 by Marty, but he did not know
what it was for.
Former Poundmaster Fred A. Osborn
was the first witness . and he testified
that the receipts for fees during his
term were about the same in amount
as those collected by Irwin, who now
has twice the territory to cover.
The inquiry will be resumed next
Wednesday at 2 p.m.
Grades were ordered changed on
Gordon street, and the Board of Works
was granted authority to bituminize
Dupont street, between Pacific and
Broadway.
pose of conveying water was referred
to the Board of Works. Similar action
was taken on the petition of M. J.
Lyon that the building ordinance be
amended so as to require walls of
brick buildings to be thirteen inches in
thickness.
j C A. Fries has two out of four. that
are wonderfully suggestive, although
the best of them lacks in composition.
Ee has a woman out on a moonlit road
awaiting the coming of her 'husband.
The pose and attitude of expectation of
the woman are superb; but the sky and
moon effects are crude. Better rendered
The exhibition is one of the best that
has ever been seen in the city. AH four
¦walls of the gallery are studded with
productions that would grace any home.
They are hung low for the benefit of
art buyers and some of them suffer
from the glaring lights. Without any
Idea of buying, an art lover may spend
several hours viewing the display
without once becoming weary.
Most of the offerings are sketches in
oils or water colors. Two black and
white drawings of Haig Patiglan in an
obscure corner at the entrance Imme
diately attract attention. The master
piece Is an Egyptian sculptor walking
away from the Sphinx, which really
needs no title, so thoroughly is ex
pressed the wonder he feels In the
'bird's claws, the beast's body and the
iiuman face that Darwin or Huxley
rwould pause Lt the revelation. It is a
(Btory of evolution and unconscious
•.knowledge. Scarcely less remarkable
is a pen and ink by Patiglan, repre
senting the hooded figure of an Arab
¦walking past the Sphinx and deliber
ately Ignoring the smiling face which
tells him so much. Both of these
sketches are classics.
3HNTATTJRES ATTRACT NOTICE.
As one proceeds he is attracted by
ift. F. P. Piazzoni's "Pool," which was
{exhibited at the painters' and sculp
tors' exhibition, and a couple of L.
¦Maynard Dixoh's pictures representing
jdesert scenes. Both of these artists de
serve special mention. In the same
voice one may include Miss May Ses
einger, who has five miniatures of ex
quisite taste and coloring. The other
¦sketches of Plazzoni and Dixon give
•promise, but lack much in composition.
One of the features of the exhibit are
three portraits by Olga M. Ackerman.
'They are exquisitely shaded and have
the full Joy of living in the canvas.
Particularly effective is a face of a
woman framed . so delicately in the
shadow that eho Is startllngly real.
Whatever gods there be that reign
over high Olympus In these modern
iflays, they have been peculiarly unkind
in the weather they have dealt out for
the two latest exhibits of San Fran
cisco artists. The painters and sculp
tors of San Francisco gave an exhibi
tion last week that lasted from
.Wednesday until Saturday night. Low
ering skies and mire under foot pre
vented any appreciable attendance for
two days. Then the sun burst forth
and the courteous manager and his as
sistants had to tax all their energies
to provide for the rush.
The San . Francisco Art Association
at its annual fall exhibit Is suffering
under similar drawbacks of weather.
The display in the Searles gallery of
the Hopkins Art Institute, which was
opened last night for a private view to
patrone, did not attract the usual at
tendance. The rain deterred most of
the first nighters and deprived many
of them of picking up bargains for the
adornment of their houses.
A. Scherf testified that while deputy
poundmaster under Irwin he had been
directed by the latter not to issue the
official receipts for fees paid for the re
lease of animals, but to use a form of
receipt given him by Irwin. Scherf
produced two of such irregular receipts
for $7, the money for which Scherf said
was turned over to Irwin. Scherf said
Irwin had given books of irregular
blank receipts to all his deputies, with
In the year from May, 1902, to April,
1903, 94S unlicensed dogs were released,
the licenses upon' which woold amount
to $2370, but it could not be determined
whether licenses were taken out for
these dogs after their release. The ex
perts' recommended that a license be
taken out before an unlicensed dog be
released. The experts 'find a dis
crepancy In the statements of dead ani
mals delivered to the Reduction Works,
the Poundmaster's records showing 3324
and the records of the works 3302.
Supervisor Wilson contended that the
report of the experts cleared Irwin of
charges of misappropriation of funds
and maladministration of his office,
but the committee decided to take evi
dence on that point.
Henry Stern, president of the Pacific
Humane Society, testified .that he had
examined the Poundmaster's records
and found no record for the release of
two horses belonging to one Jensen, nor
of the release of some cows and a horse
belonging, to A. Lynch. Stern said he
found a record of $4 paid by i, Mrs.
George Maklnson for H the release of an
animal, but claimed that she had
paid $5.
Former Deptuy Poundmaster Danzt
testified that while working for Irwin
on commission he impounded nine cows
belonging to Lynch, who paid $9 for the
release, of which Danzt received, 54 50
for his commission. A horse belonging
to Lynch was released on payment of
$1, which Irwin and Danzt divided.
Two horses belonging to Jensen were
released at 53 a head, Danzt said.
RECEIPTS IRREGULAR.
MANY DOGS RELEASED.
The Supervisors' Joint Committee on
Finance, Police and License yesterday
resumed its investigation of the ad
ministration of Poundmaster H. O. Ir
win, with particular reference to
charges made by the Pacific Humane
Society' that ' Irwin had failed to make
return of fees collected.
Iryvln filed a demurrer to the charges
on the grounds that neither the Board
of Supervisors nor any committee
thereof has Jurisdiction of the subject
matter of the charges or over Irwin as
Poundmaster, and that the charge Is
ambiguous and unintelligible. Irwin
demanded that the charges be dis
missed, but the committee denied the
request. In : his answer to the com
plaint Irwin denies all' the charges
made by. the Pacific Humane Soclety :
and requests that its petition to be
given charge of the pound be denied.
The experts of the Finance Commit
tee filed a -report, in which they state.,
that the.bOQks kept by _ Irwin agree
with his monthly reports. The experts
ascertain that no extortionate charges
were made by. Irwin for the release of
dogs, but that in some cases animals
have been sold for less than the amount
of the charges against them. The ex
perts recommend that in order to pre
vent possible collusion between the
Poundmaster and purchaser that all
large stock at least should be appraised
before sold.
Evidence That Unofficial Re
ceipts Were Issued for
_ Releases.
Supervisors Resume In
quiry of PouDdfceep
er's Office.
STILL SEEKING
IRWIN'S SCALP
THE SAN FRAKOIBOO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1903.
Opening Reception Is Limited in Attendance by Stress of Bad
Weather, but Display Atones Entirely for Lack of Visitors
and Those Who View Are. Delighted With Talent on Exhibition
UNUSUAL MERIT ATTACHES TO EXHIBIT
OF SAN FRANCISCO ART ASSOCIATION
16
I" A MUSICAL TRIUMPITJ
The instrument from I
which all American pianos j
are copied. j
I As Coast Representatives |
o! ChicKcring Pianos, we
are displaying in our show-
rooms the beautiful new
I styles in Quarter and Par-
lor Grand.
IBenj.ClirtaZsSon
SOLE AOSSTS ,
(Cnrtaz BnllOlnr)
16 OTAESELi STEEET, S. P.
ft San Jos*. Fresno, Aluoeda, Stockton.
, • ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oriental floods
At Wholesale Prices
C7e Offer box Entiro- Extra Ztae Col*
lection of
Oriental Rugs
AND GimiNS
At 25 Per Cent
Discount from rogrnlar retail prices. •
¦ / .- ' —
We are sole agent." for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Chas. 1. Plum & Co.
Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
MOTIBERSTIOOK AB0Ul r^
BeforeBuyingYourBoys'Glothing
'dtk Compare prices and qualities and >«^ s '
||r your own good judgment will tell
MSS^ you that Brown's is the store for Jt§ftf|i
B9J" your boys, little fellows and every flji §|||
ff^ljj male member of your family. It |: : fj «
|8jj is" the store that leads in assort-
'HJment, quality and best values—
the store -that saves you money.
Ages 2^ to 9 /^?fe^fetei ' A ges 8 to 16 Q
There is nothing better 0$^^^^ A coat or suit built on
for the boy than a warm manly lines is wnat pleases
woolen Overcoat which not li©pl|f the boy most. Our Suits
i i t_- .i and Overcoats are distinct-
only keeps him warm and f$M?£ : 3M • 1 • 1 «
t- , *i lK£S£3£l lvely manly in all proper
dry, but adds, greatly to p£y^|| styles - all popular pat-
his attractiveness. Our /;^p|^f^ terns. The boys' two-piece
vast assortment includes Bh li suit is the smartest dress
the latest colors and smart- S» jjj| and the b?st value money
est fabrics. || i can buy.
$K.OO IV $C.OO
. ¦ — REEFER 4^_,# —
u n «i io o'clock. 5l6'5l8 MARKET STmo^&ery «»«!
ADVEETISEMENTS.
: ¦¦¦¦ ; •. Friday. Saturday, Saturday Night
NO TRADING STAMPS SOLD HERE.
Trading stamps are never given away. They
are rold. and you foot the bill when you get
them. We give full weight and honest values.
20c lb. BEST MIXED NUTS. 15c.
TABLE RAISIMS, clusters 3 lbs 2Sc
Large, meaty Fresno ratsins.
. 20c QUART. CRAXBERRIE3. " 12^c!
EARLY JUNE PEAS 3 cans 25c
Sweet, tender peaa. Worth 2 for 23c.
NEW WHITE FIGS. POUXD, 8c.
BENZILEME SOAP 6 large cakes 25c
Saves time, labor, clothes. Twice value of
¦ Fels-Xaptha.
-- PIXK BEANS. 7 lbs. 25c.
BEST STORE EGGS, guaranteed, dz 35c
Large white. All good. See aample at itore.
CRISP DILL PICKLES. QUART. 10c.
MINCEMEAT. Mrs. Faber's 2 lbs 25c
See it made at Taylor-street store. Ona ton
"'*-.'¦. sold last season.
GOOD XX BRANDY. QUART BOTTLE. 83c
VIENNA COfFEE lb 25c
Whole or ground. Pure and strong. Tea store
price. 35c
OLIVE OIL, PURE LUCCA. $2.25 gal.. $1,89.
FRAGRANT TEAS, all flavors lb 38c
The kind you use. the kind you like. Te«
store price. COc.
VAN HOUTKX'S COCOA. 25c can, SOc.
PORT OR SHERRY WINB $1.00 gal. at..<Kle
EISEN PORT OR SHERRY^ $1.25 jral. at SSc
KENTUCKY O. K. WHISKY. $3.00 gal
»t »3.25
OLD CROW OR HERMITAGE WHIS-
KY. $1.00 bottle at 75 C
ZINFAN'DEL RED WINE. 65c gal. at 45c
COOKING BRANDY. $2.30 gal. at 91.03
SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY.
BEST FLOUR. Our best brands. Patent
roller process, sold all over town at $1.25 for
this Bale. 50-lb. sacks. $1.10. New gooda on
sale Saturday night: Apple, elder, boiled ci-
der, seeded raisins, cleaned currants, pressed
figs, apple butter, stuffed dates, figs, corn,
string beans, citron, lemon and orange peel,
etc.
1001 FILLMORE ST. US TAYLOR ST.
ISOHEMIAm
I Pure. Pale and Sparklins. Bottled |
j Only «t the Brewery in SULoals. ¦
I SOLD EVERYWHERE. |
1 HlU,i.KT MERCANTILE CO.. B
%. Pacific Coast Agents. m
.CUTFIiEPtf
IAf. X. HESS, 4
arotary Public ana;Attorney-at-IuMr.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013; daus Spreckela bldr
Telephone Main 0S3.
Residence S21 California st.. below PowtU.
Residence Telephone James 1801.
MARKS BROS.
Km - \^A V\l\*^ ._. — ¦ ~* tjL
kb fslifl i £_i A fr Jr fig
J SPLENDID F
j CHANCE I
fj For Parents to Pre- S
H pare the Little Tots 5
J for the Cold Winter ¦¥'
m AUTOMOBILE COAT, as Hlus- H
M tratcd, made of -a -good wear- WF
4 a!)!e quality of Venetian W,:
9 cloth; .deep shoulder cape; t
J fancifully trimmed with 5 ra
£§ rows of white soutache K
fl braid; papular puff. sleeves. H
¦ lined throughout, with an In- K
.mv terllnlng'.. of. warm fl:nn:l; 9
M full length ; colors Red, Royal L
fl and Castor ; sizes 2to 8/ m
£& Green Trading' Stempa Given m
9 With Every Pnronase.' ¦*
Jmark^bros. I
A ?'Honest Values" Hk
1 1220-22-24 MARKET ST. ¦
-X& ¦ Between Taylor and Jones. ¦