RESIDENTS IN EUROPEAN
TURKEY SEEKING TO ES
CAPE. MASSACRE.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Continued on Page 2, Column C
Continued on Page 2, Column 7.
Steamer Probably Lost.
NEW YORK. Sept, 18.— Since the gale
cf Tuesday nothing has been heard of
the fishing steamship Beatrice, which car
ried a crew of thirty fishermen and was on
the fishing grounds off Cape Charles when
last seen. It is believed the Beatrice went
dn *a with all on board.
The body of a man who was washed
ashore to-day at Bonds is unidentified as
'yet. . .;,..'.. .' : v.':
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Sept. 18— The
yacht Red Dragon, which left here on
Tuesday on a long fishing cruise, was
wrecked in the. storm of Wednesday
morning. The bodies of Captain Dewitt
Clark of the Red Dragon and Sailor Dan.
iel Murdock were found to-day on the
shore at Beach Haven, and the hull of
the Red Dragon came ashore at Havre.
Three other men, Sinbad Ducasse, John
Elin and Louis Swansen, were in the
party.
RED DRAGON WRECKED
IN FURY OF THE STORM
CHICAGO. Sept. IS.— A petition has been
filed in the bankruptcy court to have
Jiimes S. Watson declared a bankrupt.
Wateon. was president of the Porter Bros.
Company, which failed several months
j-«o. His liabilities are placed at $1,000,000.
Among the petitioners are the First Na
tional Bank, 525.000. and the Hibernian
Banking Association. $10,000.
Petition Filed in Chicago Against
President of the Porter
Bros. Company.
CREDITORS WANT WATSON
DECLARED A BANKRUPT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TjT ONDON, Sept. 19.— It
B is not surprising to find
B that cold water is al
ready thrown on the
story of the massacre at Kastoria.
The Monastir correspondent of
the Daily Mail, who is strongly
opposed to the Turks and who
was threatened with expulsion re
cently, telegraphs thus:
"It appears that the first mas
sacre at Kastoria . occurred Au
gust 7, when seventy Christians
were murdered.: All villages in
thc«4district- have since been laid
waste."
Xhe same correspondent, how
ever, sends a^fresh list of barbari
ties, which he says are not in need
of exaggeration,. as he claims they
are thoroughly authenticated.
Eighteen children, he says, were
burned to death in a baking oven
PARIS, Sept. 18.— Unofficial but reliable
information has been received here to the
effect that the proposed congress of the
powers for the purpose of revising the
Geneva convention.^ establishing the right
and treatment of prisoners of war, neu
trals," wounded etc., which was to have
taken place shortly, probably will be In
definitely postponed. France, Great Brit
ain, Italy, Austria and Russia named
delegates, but Germany has not named a
delegate, as it is understood that she
does not desire any change in the present
status of prisoners of war, etc., during a
state of belligerency. Therefore, in the
absence of a general international accept
ance of the proposal to revise the rules
of war, the meeting of the congress has
been practically given up.
Fails to Name Delegate to Convention
to Revise Certain Rules
of War.
GERMANY BLOCKS WAY
TO CONGRESS OF POWERS
Children Are Baked
in Ovens by the
Soldiery.
SOFIA, Sept. 18. — A
severe fight has oc
curred at Ulavitsa, in
the mountains of Krat
ovo, between 2000 Turks and 80
insurgents. It continued for eight
hours. The insurgents used
bombs with deadly effect. About
1000 Turks are reported to have
been killed and many more
wounded. The insurgents had
two men wounded.
A fight is also reported to have
taken place at Ruhelpase, near
Ceres, insurgent bands recently,
surrounding and annihilating a
whole company of Turks. The
bands then fled to the mountains.
Three battalions of Turkish
troops have been sent from Sa
lonica to pursue them. ?¦ v,1
A small body of peasant refu
gees, near Presba, who were
starving in the mountains, started
to seek for food. At Nakalets
they were met by Turkish sol
diers, who killed them all and hor
ribly mutilated two women. ;
A Turkish war balloon is re
ported to have been seen hovering
for the last three days close to. the'
Bulgarian frontier- in the vicinity
of Haskovo, 1
"On this understanding as to <our
views," Mr. Chamberlain concludes, "I
wish the league success and the support
of every one desiring the union of the
empire and the continued prosperity of
British commerce."
Consternation and excitement caused
by the announcement of Chamberlain's
resignation of the Secretaryship of the Col
onies prevails among all classes in the
United Kingdom to the exclusion of every
other topic. The great majority of the
public only learned the news from morn
ing papers and their astonishment In
many cases was so great as to prevent
the expression of any coherent opinion.
The Pall Mall Gazette this afternoon
apparently sums up the general feeling
by describing the present crisis as the
"most extraordinary in the whole history
of constitutional government," adding
that what will happen next no one caw.
"I agree with your views that we have
sufficient material in the way of facts
and figures. We have now to state our
conclusions and endeavor to get the peo
ple to adopt them."
Mr. Chamberlain then gives his under
standing of the position of' the Tariff Re
form League under two heads as coin
ciding with his position. Their objects,
he says, "are, first, a closer union to en
deavor to make the empire self-sufficing
as regards its food supply; second, the
employment of a tariff as a weapon to
secure greater reciprocity with foreign
nations; or failing such arrangements to
prevent the Ioes to the home industrial
markets under the competition of pro
tected countries by retaliating upon them
the treatment they mete out to us."
UNION HIS PURPOSE.
LONDON. Sept 16.— Writing to-day
from his home at Highbury, Birm
ingham, Mr. Chamberlain made his
first official statement since his
resignation. His letter Is in reply to C.
A. Parson, chairman of the executive
council of the Tariff Reform League, who
asked if Mr. Chamberlain coincides with
his view that the examination of the tar
iff may be considered as sufficiently ad
vanced and that the league should now
use its resources to advocate the employ
ment of a tariff for the purpose of con
solidating and defending the resources of
the empire and defending the industries
of the United Kingdom. Mr. Chamber
lain says:
Thousand Turks Are
Reported Slain in
Battle.
forecast with any degree of absolute cer
tainty.
The Pall Mall Gazette states that Pre
mier Balfour will fill up the vacancies and
carry on the Government until he meets
Parliament in 1004. Mr. Chamberlain,
also, does not look for an immediate gen
eral election, expecting at least a twelve
months' propaganda before the electorate
can decide upon his proposals. Other ru
mors are current that Mr. Balfour is un
able to find men to fill the vacancies and
that he will be obliged to hand the King
his own resignation. This, however, does
not appear to be. likely.
MILNER TO THE TORE.
The Westminster Gazette and other pa
pers forecast Lord Milner, the High
Commissioner in South* Africa, succeed
ing to the Colonial Office, and it is def
initely announced that Lord Stanley,
Financial Secretary t6 the War Office,
and probably James Lowther, Deputy
Speaker, will be among those promoted
to the Cabinet, but the details of its rec
ommendation are not likely to be known
until Mr. Balfour has seen the King.
Almost every paper has its own candi
date for the various vacant offices, but
few of the papers agree. The attitude of
the Duke of Devonshire, Lord President
of the Council, being unknown to the pub
lic causes further uncertainty. Lord
Rothschild's statement yesterday, how
ever, can safely be taken as an indication
that the Duke Intends to support Mr.
Balfour, at any rate until Parliament
meets.
The prediction that the markets would
not be affected by the Cabinet crisis has
been fulfilled; indeed, consols exhibited a
firmer tone. From all parts of the United
Kingdom and the empire editorial expres
sions of opinion on the crisis are pouring
in. The Government organs frankly ad
mit that Mr. Chamberlain's withdrawal
came as a bombshell. The Liberal
organs, though announcing the '/wreck of
the Tory party," which is described as
being "Hamlet" without the Prince,
nearly all agree in saying that Mr. Cham
berlain's resignation does ' not mean (vic
tory for free trade.
WATERLOO MAY COME.
"Though the mar' has gone," says the
Star, '"his policy ret. dins. This is Mr.
LOS AN'GELES, Sept. IS.— A well
dressc-d woman, who gave the name of
Mary Shaughnessoy. and who afterward
claimed that she is the wife of the Mayor
of Yuisa, Ariz., was arrested to-night at
the Instance of Peter Anderson, who
charges her with robbery. She declares
her innocence, but Anderson says that
with the assistance cf two men, who have
rot been apprehended, although they are
known. 6he took $30 from him in a room
at Third and Main streets. He says he
was an easy victim of the gang and was
rendered unconscious by means of knock
out drops.
Anderson showed the effects of the drug
when he appeared at police headquarters
and told hia story- It was to the effect
that he had met the woman to-niglit and
accompanied by the others had gone to
a room, where an hour was spent in
ordinary conversation. Then drinks were
ordered. Anderson says he drank four
glasses of beer when suddenly he lost
consciousness and when he revived his
former companions and $30 which had
been in his pocket were missing. He lost
no time In notifying the police and they
easily located the woman anJ are now
searching for her companions. When she
was told that the Mayor of Yuma is R,
H. Patterson and asked if that was her
true name she replied that the name of
Shaughnessey was an assumed cne. but
ehe refused to reveal her identity.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
IDEISTITY OF PRISONER
Woman Accused of Robbery Claims
to Be the Wife of an Arizona
Official.
ASTORIA, Sept. 18.— The British ships
Musselcrag and Pegasus, which sailed
some months ago for South African port3
from Astoria, had terrible experiences on
the trip, according to a letter received to
day from Captain Robinson of the former
vessel. Typhoons were encountered, and
for days the fate of the Pegasus hung in
the balance. She lost three of her life
boats and two sailors were washed Into
the sea and drowned. Heavy seas swept
the vessel fore and aft, and she was in
danger of foundering. She arrived at
Cape Town in a disabled condition.
The Musselcrag reached Algoa Bay
after losing two of her boats and jettison
ing forty togs of her grain cargo. Among
her men was one who had been shang
haied from this port under the namje of
A. Anderson. He had been taken aboard
by Paddy Lynch, now serving a long term
in the penitentiary for kidnaping, who
asked him if he wished to view the ship.
He was never taken ashore, but accepted
the situation philosophically and signed
articles after getting to sea.
Two Sailors Are 'Washed Into the Sea
and Sink in the Angry
Waves.
BRITISH SHIPS NEARLY
FOUNDER IN TYPHOONS
LONDON", Sept. 18. — A member of The Call-Herald staff to-day had
a conversation with a well-known Londoner, who has been behind
the scenes in British politics for many years past, and who said
an idea was prevalent that Mr. Chamberlain's resignation is part
of a very carefully thought-out scheme.
"Austen Chamberlain," said this authority, "is going to remain in
the Cabinet and the father's voice is bound to be heard through the
son.
"It is almost certain there will be a general election when the Lib
erals will come into power, but the Liberals cannot count on a long
tenure of office. Then there will be a turn in the tide, and Mr. Cham
berlain will be carried on the flood to the Premiership."
This theory is of course purely speculative, and omits all consider
ation of Mr. Chamberlain's loyalty, on which Balfour in. his letter laid
such stress, but it is worth recording as the view of a personage who is
as well versed in politics as any man in London.
Officer With Russian
. Decoration Dies
in Combat.
y ONDON, Sept. 19.— A'
B dispatch from Salonica,
B dated Thursday, says
that a battalion of
Redifs attacked a party of Chris
tian gendarmes at Mitrovitza,
wounding several. The rest es
caped to the Russian consulate,
where they are now besieged. The
situation is critical. It will be re
called that the Russian Consul at
Mitrovitza was murdered by Al
banians some months ago. .
There is a report from the
Turkish forces of an engagement
near Okhridu, in which 300 Bul
garians, including many officers,
were killed. One officer of high
rank wore a Russian decoration.
A dispatch from Samakov to
the Times sa'ys it is calculated
that there are about 20,000 Mace
donian' refugees along the front
ier between Bourgas and Kos
tendil,and the number is con
stantly ' increasing. They are
eagerly anticipating the day of
reckoning with the Turks, but
many are compelled to remain in
active because of lack of arms and
ammunition. The revolutionary
committees are apparently unable
to keep pace with the demand for
Former Secretary for the Colonies Explains in a
Letter His Attitude On the Tariff to
the Astounded Britons.
PBOMIN'EKT ENGLISH STATESMEN, WHOSE NAMES ARE CONSPIC
UOUS IN STORIES WHICH RELATE TO THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS
CAUSED BY SUDDEN RESIGNATIONS OF HIGH OFFICIALS.
PEKING, Sept. IS.— Private advices from
Seoul express apprehension that the Ko
rean Commissioner who is to be sent to
Europe for the ostensible purpose of at
tending the postal congress at Rome will
be conveyed to Port Arthur in a Russian
¦warship, thence to St." Petersburg in
charge of Russian officials.
It Is believed that he will be secretly
authorized to borrow 5,000,000 yen, which
it is known that Russia desires to lend to
Korea, directly or through the French.
The negotiations of the French In 1D02
failed because the security demanded was
tantamount 'to political -domination.
-Unless Russia desires to <ieiy JuiJairthe
agreement of 1898, by which Russia ac
quired the Liaotung peninsula, will pre
vent either Russia or Japan from secur
ing financial control of Korea. The diplo
macy arising from Russia's aggressive
ness in both Seoul and Peking reached a
stage of mutual browbeating between the
Ministers in their competition for prom
ises of the two governments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Agreement of 1898 With
Japan Stands in Way
of Plan.
Sir years ago Hutchens shot at Bren
mcke in a salcon, but the bullet lodged in
the ceiling. It is believed that the convic
tion this afternoon of William Trimble.
one of the rnen who took part in the
riots of July 5 and 6. had something to do
with hastening the tragedy. Captain
Brennecke has been one of the most ac
tive workers for the State and it is said
that his activity against the rioters in
creased Hutchens' animosity.
Captain Brennecke is still unconscious.
Frank Lutz is believed to be fatally hurt.
Patrolman Crovr was Fitting at a table
near the entrance of the German village
with Hutchens when Chief Heucke and
Captain Brennecke t~tere<3. Crow Jumped
to his feet and started for the detective as
soon as the first Fhot was fired. He did
not reach him. however, until both the
Chief and the captain had bo«n struck.
Hutchens then fired the shot that struck
Lrtitz.
"Whether he intended the shot for
iJ'ucke or Patro'.ir.an Crow is not known.
Both men were in the line of fire and It is
probable he intended to kill Crow for at
tempting to interfere. After he had fired
four shots Hutchens walked outside the
tent, and saying, "No man will ever live
to 6ee rne tried." placed the revolver to
his rfgrht temple and sent his last bullet
Into his brain.
The tragedy was the result of a long;
existing quarrel between Brenecke and
Hutchens. The cause is not known. The
s-hooting occurred in a tent at the Tri-
State Fair Grounds, in the presence of at
least 500 people. Neither Chief Heucke
nor Captain Brennwke had an opportun
ity to defend himself.
EYANSVILLE. Ind.. Sept. lS.-After
shooting and fatally wounding Chief of
Police Fred Heucke and Captain Bren
necke cf the Police Department, and seri
ously wounding Frank Lutz. a Councilman
of Booneville. Ir.d., Detective Thomas
Hutchens to-night shot and killed him
self.
Five Hundred People Wit
ness Tragedy in a Tent
in Indiana.
Political Domination Is
Anticipated by
Diplomats.
Agent From Seoul
May Visit Cap-
Two Fatally Injured
and a Third May
Not Survive.
DETECTIVE'S
BULLETS END
A LONG FEUD
An Officer Fires at
Men and Kills
Himself.
RUSSIA EAGER
TO NEGOTIATE
KOREAN LOAN
T\ISPATCHES from the region in European Turkey in which the troops of the Sultan and the Bulgarian forces are engaged in an
irregular but desperate warfare tell of the latest conflict, in which one thousand Turks were killed.
Three hundred Bulgarians, including many notable officers, are reported to have fallen in battle with the Turks near Okhridu.
One of the officers left on the field wore a Russian decoration. The situation in the town of Mitrovitza has become critical.
THOUSAND TURKS ARE REPORTED SLAIN IN A MOUNTAIN FIGHT;
HUNDREDS OF BULGARIANS WITH OFFICERS FALL IN A BA TTLE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV-XO. 111.
SAN FBAKCISCO, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
CHAMBERLAIN MAY SNATCH
THE PREMIERSHIP AT THE
TURN OF A POLITICAL TIDE
The San Francisco Call"Admiral Cotton cables from Beirut.
17th instant, that Beirut Is oulet and
nothing of Importance has occurred since
Saturday last. Some definite news about
the case of the Vice Consul is expected
soon."
Department.
WASHINGTON. Sept. IS.— The follow
ing bulletin was posted at the Navy De
partment to-day:
Admiral Cotton Cables to the Navy
BEIRUT IS QUIET.
Fourth,' . the project for a Austrian-
Russian joint occupation of Macedonia
has been wholly abandoned and there Is
not the least likelihood of a renewal of
the proposition.
Despite the fact that the Balkan sit
uation has grown worse, Turkish funds
rose again on the Bourse to-day.
The Emperors of Germany and Austria
meet at Vienna to-day. The Czar meets
Emperor . Francis Joseph September 29,
and will then visit the Kin^ of Italy.
Events are expected to remain quiet un
til after the 29th, unless Bulgaria refuses
to wait. s
Thl^ the meetings of the sovereigns
attended by their foreign ministers are
expected to clear up the obscurities of
the situation and enable German states
men to forecast the future.
First, does Russia regard that the- time
for the breakup of European Turkey has
arrived? The German ministers have
been unable to penetrate Russia's ulti
mate Intentions and note with displeasure
the concerted attacks of the St. Peters
burg papers on Germany, which is de
scribed as being in the background and
taking pleasure In the extirpation of the
Slavs In European territory.
Second, if Prince Ferdinand Is per
suaded that his throne~ts-dependent on a
war with Turkey, then war is certain.
Every effort should be made to tranquil
lize Prince Ferdinand's mind.
BERLIN, Sept.* 18.— The German Gov
ernment holds in view four points in tho
Balkan situation:
German Government Considers Situa-
V tion in Various Phases.
FOUR POINTS OF VXEW.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— A
special dispatch to the Journal
from Sofia, dated to-day, says : A
desperate battle is now in prog
ress around the mountain villages
of Lerman and Presbahco. Two
bands, under Kotesm and Chek
alaroffs, numbering 700 men, are
defending 3000 villagers against
a Turkish mountain battery of
2700 men. The refugees are
barely escaping with their lives,
and some of them have crossed
the frontier at Royengraty dur
ing the last two days.
Desperate Battle Beported to Be in
Progress Near Lennan.
FIGHTING AT VTIXAGESi
rifles, and weapons are arriving
slowly and irregularly.
Another dispatch from Sam
akov to the Times says :
"The American college here
has been informed that more than
3000 refugees from the vilayet of
Adrianople are now at Bourgas
and neighboring villages in a con
dition of extreme destitution.
They bring the usual tales of ra
pine by the troops in the Bashi-
Bazouk districts of Lozen, Kirk-
Kilisse and Vasiliko. Little ¦ is
known as yet of the real state of
affairs in this remote region,
which no foreigner is allowed to
penetrate."
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund your money If PAZO
OINTMENT falls to cure you. SO cento. • j
STANFORD . UNIVERSITY. Sept. 18.— The
Stanford chapter of, the scientific fraternity of
Sigma ; XI have elected the ¦ following new
members : > r>r. I. A. Storey. -. director of gym
nastics; Professor O Snyder, of the zoology
department; E B. Cope land, - Instructor in
bionomics; Professor R. E. Swain of the chem
istry department; B. H. Olssonsifter, assistant
In botany and A. J. Carlson, physiology as
sistant.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 18.— The dis
covery has been made' that rats -have
robbed the private wine cellar of the late
Don Caspar Orena of 10,000 gallons of rare
old wine. The cellar Is located in a build
ing' on De la Guerra street and had not
been ! opened for two • years. The .rodents
in the meantime had accomplished the
destruction by gnawing out the corks of
a large number of sixty-gallon demijoha
and larger casks. The wine poured out
on the floor and what remained in tho
casks soured from -exposure to the air.
Bats Destroy Bare Old Wine.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 18.— L. M. Gaffney. of
this city received word to-night of the
probable drowning of his son Frank in
the Puyallup River, pear Ortiz, Wash.
He was employed as a cook at a camp
of the Columbia Improvement Company.
On Tuesday of last week he went to
Ortiz on business. He did not return and
on search being- made his horse' was found
drowned in the river. A crosscut saw
which he had carried was also found In
the water.
Probable Drowning of Frank Gaffney.
PRESCOTT. Ariz., Sept 18.— The
eleventh annual tournament of the Ari
zona Sportsmen's Association opened here
to-day and is attended by crack shots
from all over the territory. The Gwynn
trophy was won by the Prcscott team,
composed of Morin. Burmister and Mc-
Donald, breaking 87 out of a possible 90
targets. Tanner of. Phoenix and Morin
of Preacott tied for the individual cham
pionship with 48 out of a possible 50 each.
In the shoot oft Morin won.
Crack Shots Attend Tournament.
GRASS VALLEY, Sept. 18.— The worst
forest fire of the year is raging west of
here and has swept over miles of densely
wooded country between Smartsville and
Spenceville. In addition to the heavy
loss from valuable timber being de
stroyed, much pasturage and fences have
been wiped out. In some cases cattle
men had hard work to sa\ r e their herds,
being compelled to drive them out of the
burning zone to safety. The entire sec
tion has been fighting the flames for dayB
and it is now believed the fire is under
control.
Forest Fires Sweep Wooded Country.
Alaska's commerce last year, exclusive
of gold production, reached $20,000,000, or
nearly three times the amount paid for
the territory.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 18. — The Santa Clara
County Fish and Game Protective Associa
tion's proposition to establish a thirty-acre
deer nark at Alum Rock is warmly indorsed
by the Park Commissioners, and It is now an
aFfured fact that tha paddock will be built
at an early day.
Am certain had It been possible Str Thomas
would have been delighted to have been pres
ent at the dinner. His condition is certainly
improved this morning, but he probably will be
confined to his hotel for several days.
It whs almost 11 o'clock when Presi
dent Roosevelt was escorted by members
of the club to his launch on his Journey
across the bay. As he left the landing he
was given three hearty cheers.
At this mention of Sir Thomas' name
the guests rose and cheered enthusiasti
cally and the toast was drunk with much
spirit
Just before the close of the dinner a
message was Bent to Sir. Thomas Lipton
expressing regret at his absence and best
wishes for his speedy recovery.
A telegram was received this afternoon
from the private secretary of Sir Thomas
Lipton, saying:
President Roosevelt was received with
great applause, all the guests rising. He
spoke In part as follows:
This club Is prominent for sports In which
the masters themselves take an active part,
while others desire men to do it for them. I
feel that this club stands as a type of sporting
club conspicuous for manliness and decency.
You ought to be encouraged, but I do not think
you need encouragement. *
During- the past summer all hav« been deeply-
Interested In the International yacht races. It
was eighteen years ago when the first of the
single stickers came to, begin that great duel
•which has boen a feature of yachting Interests
during all these years. It is a curious fact
that not only has our boat won the champion,
ships, but every race of tho series. "We owe a
.debt of prattUnle to the designers, the captains
and the seamen who contributed to tho winning
of tho races by the American boats.
Now, I am going to ask you to drink to the
health of our gallant opponents of the last
eighteen years, especially to the health of Sir
Thomas Lipton, whom we had hoped to have
with us to-night.
j Immediately after the arrival of the
President the guests, who numbered
about 100, sat down to dinner. It was an
informal affair, the various courses being
Interspersed with songs by glee clubs, in
which songs nearly all the guests joined.
Notwithstanding the fact that the
President was among friends and fel
low-clubmen, precautions were taken to
insure his personal safety. Two secret
service officers remained near him, and
additional precautions were taken by
the club itself.
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Sept. 18.—
President Roosevelt was the guest .of
honor at the annual dinner of the Sea
wanhaka-Corinthian Yacht Club at 'its
handsome and spacious home on Center
Island In Oyster Bn.y. -Many men prom
inently identified with yachting in the
East were present, and the dinner was a
handsome and delightful affair. An in
vitation was sent to Sir Thomas Lipton,
but he was unable to accept on account
of illness and because of his engage
ments in the "West. »
SOFIA, Bulgaria. Sept. IS.— Further re
ports from Kastoria say the city la burn-
Ing and that the massacre of its popula
tion, estimated to have numbered 10,000
persons, was indescribably terrible. The
Turks slaughtered indiscriminately Eul
garians and Greeks, men, women and
children.
Kastoria Is Burning.
President Is Entertained
at Oyster Bay Club's
Dinner.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 18.— Premier
McBride to-day completed his Cabinet by
giving the portfolio of Provincial Secre
tary to A. S. Goodeve of Roseland, one of
the ablest men in public life in the prov
ince. The new Allnister was sworn in
this afternoon.
Premier Completes His Cabinet.
Dr. George F. Bovard of Los Angeles,
Dr. F. B. Mather of_ Ontario, Dr. S. A.
Thomson of Arizona* and Dr. John L.
Pitner were to-day elected delegates from
Southern^ California to the general con
ference to meet here next spring.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 18.— The 'South
ern California Methodist Conference to
day adopted resolutions urging the next
general conference of the church, which
will meet in Los Angeles in May, 1904,
to make a "thorough and impartial in
vestigation of the teachings of the Bos
ton Universal School of Theology and the
Garrett Bible Institute, to the end that
the Methodist Episcopal church may be
informed of the exact facts in the case
and definite decision concerning the
soundness of such teachings arrived at
and a long standing cause of much anx
iety and sharp controversy removed."
The resolutions caused a sharp debate,
but were finally .adopted.
Names Representatives to Attend
the General Session to Be Held
Next Spring.
METHODIST CONFERENCE
EliECTS ITS DELEGATES
CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 13.—Travel
ers who arrived from Bulgaria to-day
report that the Bulgarian reservists are
belngr received everywhere with the
greatest enthusiasm and that a bellicose
spirit prevails In Bulgaria. Fifteen
Macedonian prisoners were brought In
to-day. Among them was an aide do
camp of General Sarafoff, the Insurgent
leader. The prisoners, who were chained
together In groups of three, were all
taken to the YUdiz Kiosk.
"Warlike Spirit in Bulgaria.
VISAL.IA, Sept. 18.— The city of Vlsa
lia to-day brought suit against G. R.
Watson, City Marshall and Tax Collector,
and his bondsmen, E. -O. Miller, D. G.
Overall, John F. Jordan, L. a; Johnsouf
and ' C. D. Stevenson, for the sum of
$1210 42, alleged to be due the city on ac
count of licenses collected but not turned
in by the Marshall and Tax Collector.
Two experts have been at work on the
books. One expert ' says the books bal
ance exactly, •while the other expert
claims a deficit of $1210 42. It has been
decided to let the courts settle the mat
ter.
Experts File Conflicting Beports.
WASHINGTON, Sept. lS.-The report of
the board of officers appointed to In
vestigate the recent accident en board
the cruiser Olympia at Norfolk finds that
Corporal Yerkes of the Marine Corps.
who was killed in the explosion of alco
hol, was mainly responsible for the ac
cident. The court-martial of two of the
enlisted men has been ordered.
Olympia Explosion on One of
the Victims.
Board of Officers Fixes Blam© for
CORPORAL RESPONSIBLE
FOR CRUISER DISASTER
FRESNO. Seut. 13.— But for the assist
ance of the Fresno Fire Department this
morning, which violated rules by doing
work outside the city limits, all "Russian
town" would be in ashes. As it was the
houses of Peter Leider and Mike Mitz
ler, their barns and a barn belonging to
Adam Johanes were completely destroyed.
The fire took place just across the city
limits line and Chief Ward saw that a
few minutes' work by his men would save
thousands of dollars' worth of property
from being destroyed, so he sent the men
over the line. They worked just long
enough to stop the progress of the flames.
The property loss is estimated at from
52500 to $3000, covered, by insurance.
Violates Rule but Saves Property.
SEATIX-E, Sept. 18. — Congressman
Humphrey of this city has entered a vig
orous protest to Hon. F. P. Sargent,
Commissioner General of Immigration of
the United States, against the system of
bringing employes from other parts of
the country for the immigration service
in the State of Washington. Humphrey
charges and claims to have evidence in
support of hig allegations that immigrant
inspectors and even stenographers for the
immigration service in this district have
been and are being imported from East
ern, Middle and Southern States to the
exclusion of competent men residing In
the State, who passed the civil service
examination and sought the positions al
ready given out.
Objects to Immigration Clerks Be
ing Imported Into Washington
From Other States.
CONGBESSMAN HUMPHREY
ENTERS VIGOROUS PROTEST
CHICAGO. Sept. IS.— An invitation to
come to Chicago to deliver his views as
the guest of the people of the United
States has been forwarded through the
Department of State at Washington from
the Illinois Manufacturers' Association to
Joseph Chamberlain. A reply is being
eag-crly awaited to a cable message which
was forwarded to-night by the associa
tion. The Invitation, which was dated
July 21 and wa« forwarded by the State
Department to Embassador Choate for
delivery, says:
The Illinois Mar.-jfacturers' Association ex
tends to you an invitation to be Its pupst and
would respectfully a?k that you address its
members at Chiciigo at Fuch time in this year
a* will best Fu;t ycur convenience.
The presentation of your views In Chicago
INVITATION" TO CHAMBERLAIN
Illinois Manufacturers Ask Him to
Deliver an Address.
ABERDEEN. Scotland,; Sept. IS.—Pro
fessor Alexander Bain, formerly lord rec
tcr of the university here and for twenty
years professor of logic and English lit
erature, is dead.
Professor Bain Is Dead.
GUEST OF HONOR
OF YACHTSMEN
There is still a feeling of resentment in
Colombia against Chile for refusing to
sell Presidente Pinto to Colombia during
the recent revolution in this republic, in
spite of the understanding on the sub
ject arrived at with the Colombian com
missioners.
limits recently defined by arbi
tration. The President of the .Senate,
Senor Caro, former President of Colom
bia, charges Chile with not having re
spected her word in refusing to sell to
Colombia the cruiser Presidente" Pinto in
exchange for Colombia's support at the
Pan-American Congress, held at the city
of Mexico in October, 1901.
President Caro's policy, it is asserted, is
to attack the Colombian Government by
all means. His latest blow, in demanding
the Chilean treaty, is aimed also at Vice
President Reyes, a candidate for the
Presidency of Colombia, who contributed
to drawing up the treaty with Chile, and
who, as a commissioner of Colombia at
the Pan-American Congress, was instru
mental in bringing about the understand
ing with Chile at the City of Mexico.
BOGOTA, Colombia, Sept. 18.— The
Senate has ordered the Govern
ment to send to the Senate the
secret treaty with Chile on the
The Sacramento Commandery voted to
attend the fair and forty,, of, .its members
volunteered for the trip. "It Is believed
the number from Sacramento will be in
creased to seventy-five.
Etiture uieetrngs will; be held and work
ing committees be appointed. Meetings
will also be held in Marysvllle, Red Bluff,
Grass Valley, Placerville and other cities
in the near future to back up the move
of Sacramento and Stockton and all the
cities of the San Joaquin Valley are ex
pected to fall in line.
Irving Martin, editor of the Stockton
Record, representing the Uniform Rank
of Stockton, attended the meeting and
said if Sacramento would take the lead
Stockton would follow with a delegation
of thirty-five or forty of Its Knights.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. IS.— A full meet
ing of the Sacramento Commandery, Uni
form Rank, Knights of Pythias, was held
here to-night to take the initiative in a
general movement through the northern
and central parts of the State to send to
the St. Louis Exposition for the pur
pose of practically advertising these sec
tions of the State a full regiment of the
Uniform Rank, to be composed of.dele
gations from each erf" the several cora
manderies.
Sacramento Commandery Takes Ini
tiative in Movement to Advertise
Northern Part of State.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS WILL
ATTEND THE EXPOSITION
London Journalist Finds Overwhelm
. ing Evidence of Atrocities.
LONDON, Sept. 18.— The Westminster
Gazette says a well-known London jour
nalist cables from Belgrade as follows:
"Starting with pro-Turkish sympathiz
ers, I have found overwhelming evidence
convincingly proving: that the Turkish
atrocities are rather underestimated fn
the reports of British Consuls, bankers
and uninterested people. Foreign Min
ister Tseokoff tells me he knows ease3 of
starving women in the forests killing two
of their own children to preserve* the
third. The forest wanderers will all per
ish of cold within two more months."
"Europe." adds the Westminister Ga
zette, dealing with the Kastoria reports.
"Is bound at once to Intervene, whether
by conference or as a concert."
KEPOBTS NOT EXAGGERATED
Former President Plans
Very Hot Campaign
¦^ Against Reyes.
DISTINGUISHED COLOMBIAN
WHO ASPIRES TO PRESI
DENCY OF THE REPUBLIC.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. IS.— Later
official reports from Cornel, In the Gov
ernment of Moghlleff, where the fighting
between Christians and Jews arose Sep
tember 11, increase the death list of Jews
to five. About 200 houses were destroyed
and 66 arrests were made. The OfHclal
Record says the disturbances at Cornel
were caused by the provoking attitude ot
the Jews toward the Christians.
Official Record Says . Massacre at
Cornel Was Due to Attitude of .
Hebrews.
FIVE JEWS ABE SLAIN;
200 HOUSES DESTROYED
The Foreign Office has no Intimation
regarding the rumor of the assassination
of the King of Servia. The report reach
ed the Bourse here through an agency
dispatch from Antwerp, saying a report
that the King had been assassinated was
current there, and it caused considerable
excitement and depression on the Bourse,
owing to the, absence of official informa
tion. The report was eventually attrib
uted to the excited conditions prevailing
at Belgrade. The evening newspapers
here published the report, but did not at
tach any seriousness to It.
PARIS,. Sept. 18.— A dispatch from Bel
grade states that the report of the assas
sination of King Peter of Servians with
out foundation.
Official advices from Belgrade Indicate
that King Peter's recent retirement of
Colonel Nichtich from the important posi
tion of Departmental Chief In the Minis
try for War Is the beginning of a move
ment looking to the separation of King
Peter from the conspirators who took
part In the assassination of King Alex
ander and Queen Draga. Nichtich, the
leader of ¦ the conspiracy, was conspic
uously honored and Is now degraded as
the result of widespread Indignation at
the favor shown by the King toward the
participants in the assassination.
The Temps' Belgrade correspondent
says the elections for members of the
Skupshtlna next Monday promise to re
sult in a majority favorable to the sepa
ration of the King from the regicides.
LONDON, Sept. 18.— A direct dispatch
received here from Belgrade says:
"The report of the assassination of
King Peter is entirely unfounded."
VIENNA, Sept. 18.— As far as is known
here there is not the slightest reason to
suppose that King. Peter of Servia has
been assassinated.
LONDON, Sept. 13.- When the Alaskan
Boundary Commission resumed its ses
sions to-day Attorney General Flnlay
was subjected by War Secretary Root
and Senators Lodge and Turner to a
fire of questions in connection with his
attempt to show that the boundary
should run from the head of Portland
Canal directly westward to the point
where the mountains, claimed by the Ca
nadians as the boundary. Intersect the
fifty-sixth parallel of latitude.
The contention of the United States Is
that the boundary continues up to Bear
River Valley, from the head of Portland
Canal to the llfty-eighth parallel. In
this connection Mr. Root called the At
torney General's attention to the fact
that Vancouver referred to Marsely Pass
as the head of the canal, and asked If it
was not natural to suppose that the sig
natories of the treaty Intended to follow
the Pass of the fifty-sixth degree.
The Attorney General replied that the
line under the treaty could not run far
ther than the water canal and from that
point must seek the mountains at the
fifty-sixth parallel. Senator Lodge sug
gested that this would mean that the line
must cross the mountains to reach those
points described in the Canadian case,
which the Attorney General evaded
touching upon.
The Attorney General passed during
the afternoon to the discussion of the
location of the line between the fifty
sixth parallel to Mount St. Ellas, assert
ing that if the contention of the United
States that the boundary should go
around the heads of inlets was admitted,
then correspondingly Canada should gain
by the tribunal deciding that • the line
should follow ten marine leagues from
the shores of peninsulas.
Judge John M. Dickinson of American
counsel said the United States was con
tending only for the heads of inlets and
not beyond, the Attorney General having
raised the point that the American claim
for tidewater as the boundary might put
the boundary far into the Interior of
Canada.
Location of Alaskan Line
Discussed by London
Commission.
Early Separation of the Ruler
Prom Regicides Confi
dently Predicted.
VIENNA, Sept. 18.— Emperor William
arrived here to-day from Bellye, Hun
gary, in the vicinity of which place he
has been stag hunting with Arch Duke
Frederick.
Emperor Francis Joseph met Emperor
William at the railroad station. The mon
archs cordially kissed each. other three
times and then shook hands warmly.
They were accorded an enthusiastic re
ception all the way to the palace.
At a state dinner which was given at
the palace to-night Emperor Francis Jo
seph proposed the health of the German
Emperor and expressed his keen satisfac
tion at being able to greet his faithful
friend and ally, whose visit woukl surely
impart greater strength to the bonds al
ready established between the two em
pires.
Emperor William in responding in simi
lar tones to this toast said he had wit
nessed with pleasure the march past of
the Austrian regiments, as the armies of
Germany and Austria sanctify and
strengthen the alliance existing between
the two nations for the welfare and peace
of Europe.
Francis Joseph Entertains Kaiser at
a State Dinner at the
Palace. .
EMPEBOB WILLIAM GIVEN
WABM WELCOME IN VIENNA
Macedonian reports received at
Sofia state that the Turks have
been severely defeated by insur
gents in engagements near Krat
avo, near Seres, and near Jervan,
suffering severe losses.
by Turks at Pisoder on September
12, and 200 -women were mas
sacred at Jervan. Fifty women
and children who had fled to the
mountains returned to their vil
lage under stress of starvation
and were murdered by soldiers.
Fourteen old men who were
working in fields at Resna were
murdered by Bashi-Bazouks, and
four villages near Krusheva were
destroyed and many of its inhab
itants massacred. The correspond
ent, apparently through the ac
tion 7 of Sir N. O'Conor, British
Embassador to Turkey, has been
allowed to remain at Monastir,
but has been warned to be more
circumspect.
Complaint was not so much in
regard to the reports he sent as to
insulting references he has made
to the'Sultan.
The criticism of the Email effect upon
the Government policy caused by Mr.
Chamberlain's withdrawal, and of the re
tention of h's son, is not confined to the
opposition. The St. James Gazette, which
warmly supports Mr. Chamberlain's pro
gramme, declares that the result is that
the "Unionist party will face the electors
disunited and open to all the attacks of
the free-fooders=. as it will be perfectly
apparent to the eiectors that the return
of Mr. Balfour involves sooner or later
the return cf Mr. Chamberlain and the
triumph of his policy."
Mr. Balfour has reitprated to friends
that his letter to Mr. Chamberlain was
not a formal expression regarding Mr.
Chamberlain's policy, but that he meant
what he eaid. On the Tace of it Mr.
Chamberlain and Mr. Balfour will con
tinue to work together, but the former
Colonial Eorrotary is free from govern
mental obligations and will be able to
conduct his educational campaigm along:
the line he has all along: advocated.
It is stated that Lord Lansdowne will
remain as Secretary for Foreign Affairs.
CHANCE OF A TRIUMPH.
It Is learned that there Is pood reason to
believe that the report that War Secretary
Brodrick will be transferred to the In
dian Office is correct The new Cabinet
Is erpecu-d to meet within a fortnight.
The persistency with which it Is ru
mored that AusUn Chamberlain, the
1'ostmaster General, will succeed Mr.
Ritchie as Chancellor of the Exchequer
emphasizes the extraordinary nature of
the relations which Mr. Balfour "still
maintains toward his colleagues. The
Liberal org-ans point out the fictltlousness
of any supposed change of heart on the
part of a go-vcrnment which Includes
Mr. Chamberlain's son, who has been al
most as active as his father In organiz
ing the preferential tariff agitatioil. Mr.
Ualfour's frank declaration in his letter
accepting 1 the Coloniai Secretary's resig
nation that he shared Mr. Chamberlain's
Ideas of a closer fiscal union with the
colonies also created doubt as to how even
moderate free traders, such as the Duke
of Devonshire, can remain" under Mr.
Balfour's g-uidance.
Chamberlain's Elba, He has yet to meet
his Waterloo."
This Is borne out by reports from Blr
mln«Ain. where the powerful feeling: in
favor of preferential tariffs is centered.
There, though the resignation of the head
and shoulders of the movement came as a
gTeat surprise, ceaseless activity prevails
and It la announced that Mr. Chamber
lain's previous arrangement* for his cam
paign will aJl be carried out.
Rumor of Assassination
Entirely Without
Foundation.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Americans Keep % an
Attorney General
very Busy.
will attract world wide attention, cause whole
some discussion and result in a better under
standing of the trade relationship between our
respective countries. The meeting. will be at
tended by representative manufacturers of the
United States. In accepting this Invitation you
will not only honor the members of the Illinois
Manufacturers' Association, but the progressive
business men of all commercial pursuits on our
side.
CHILDREN ARE BAKED III OVEHS,
BOUNDARY CASE
WAXES EXCITING
SERVIAN KING
IS UNHARMED
THOUSAND TURKS REPORTED
TO HAVE BEEN KILLED IN
FIERCE MOUNTAIN FIGHT
THE SAN FBANCISCO OALL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
CARO STIRS
UP POLITICS
IN COLOMBIA
CHAMBERLAIN NOW AWAITS
THE TURNING OF THE TIDE
TO GAIN THE PREMIERSHIP
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
OFFICER DIES IS COMBAT.
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Invite attention to their Fall display of
Children's Fine Coats
€L This selection of Coats embraces some of the
handsomest and richest conceits in children's apparel"
ever shown in this market.
CL In both style and material these goods are pre-
eminent, and they are certain to give the utmost satis-
faction to buyers.
CL Bring the children and let them see and enjoy
these beautiful garments. c
\4- O IT E? AA
Child's Exquisite White Rabbit Skin Coat, dotted with
Ermine tails, lined with rich White Silk Serge," White Kid
Belt. A little garment fit for royalty.
At $40.00
Blue, also Cardinal, Zibeline Coats, with 4-inch collars and
cuffs of real Chinchilla fur, White Satin lining, Black Silk
Frog fastening. Unique and effective.
At $37.50 »
Child's Cream Colored Zibeline Coat, with 4-inch White
Rabbit collar and cuffs, Ermine tails; lined throughout with
White Satin. Chic and Parisian.
At $27.50 ;
Blue Zibeline Coat, deep shawK collar and cuffs of Gray
Squirrel, White Satin lining, Smoked Pearl buttons. Ex- 5
quisite and dainty. /
At $27.50
Red Zibeline Coat, 4-inch collar and cuffs of Black Cony
White Satin lining, real Mother-of- Pearl buttons; also Brown
Zibeline Coat, 4-inch Brown Beaver collar and, cuffs, White
Satin lining, Brown Silk Frog fastening. Charming and
At $5.00 to $15.00
We are showing our strongest line of these attractive goods- ""*¦
at these prices, made in a variety of desirable materials,
that are unexcelled in values and represent the best possi-
bilitics for the rnon^v
. C A collection of Children's Hats of corresponding
richness, appropriate to be worn with these coats,-
will also be shown.
tt Out-of-town orders promptly filled. Write Depart-
ment B for new style book "About Clothes."*
KEARNY AT POST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
II
, : ; . _^ Will not- banish a drinking man's thirst
m 1^^^^ for whisky any more than punishment
will heal a consumptive's lungs.
The Liquor Habit
Is a self-inflicted disease, caused •
by alcoholic poisoning, which re-
quires a specialist's skill to cure.
My remedy for alcoholism has p?r-
„ manentjy cured' over 11,000
tims of the disease. My treat i
/*k ( does not incapacitate a man .
>/l 'business.
T ¦ ' ¦
I Cure in Three Days to Stay Cured
.»! DR.J.J.McKANNA
v ¦ .
CURE _: H Qeary Street, San Francisco
Telephone Main 1037. Elegant Accommodations for Women Patients.Ed-ward Overton Dies.
TOWANDA, Pa., Sept. 18.—Ex-Con
gressman Edward Overton, a member of
the House from 1858 to 18S1, died to-night,
aged 67 years. •
as} the national floral emblem of America.
It was then adopted.
After the usual votes of thanks had
been passed the convention adjourned
and the Eleventh National Irrigation
Congress came to an end.
Several Changes Are Made *in the
Postal Service in California
and Washington.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 18. — Postofflce
established— California— Quintette, El Do
rado County, Frederick H. Douglas post
master. ¦ .
Postmasters commissioned — Oregon —
George Wilson, Merrill. Washington-
Carl Tessman, Echo.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed-
California — Harry E. Martin. Hobart
Mills, Nevada County, vice Charles W.
Calvin, deceased. Washington— Annetta
Young, Kahlotus, Franklin County, vice
A. S. Durrum.- resigned.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.-Charles J.
Bonaparto of Baltimore, who has been r.p
pointed to investigate Indian Territory
affairs, had a conference t6-day with
Actln? Secretary Ryan of the Interior
Department. Bonaparte said he expected
to visit Indian Territory in making his in
vestigation, but did not know when he
would eo there. He said that he had a
tentative i>o11cy mapped out. but was not
prepared as >et to announce It.
Will Visit Indian Territory in Course
of His Investigation of Land
Frauds.
BONAPARTE CONFERS
WITH ACTING SECRETARY
Young Woman Dies From Grief.
PANTA CRUZ. Sept. 13.— Miss Annie
Pimcr.tal died last night at Olive Springs,
a^.d friends say that her death was canned
by sritf over the absence of her father.
Her father left here several weeks ago to
visit his parents in Portugal, whom. h«
had r.ot seen for twenty-two years. lle>
wan r.botit to leave on the steamer from
Niw Ycrk City when he received a tcie
grr.m announcing his daughter's death.
QUARREL BETWEEN BAKERS
ENDS IN FATAL SHOOTING
Solomon Trautwein Is Mortally
Wounded During an Affray
in Los Angeles.
LOS ¦ ANGELES. Sept. 13. — Solomon
Trautwein, a baker. Is dying at the Re
ceiving Hospital from the effects of two
severe ballet wounds received late last
night in a shooting affray at the corner
of Second and Gary streets. Edward Wil
helm, also a baker, Is in the custody of
the police. He is charged by the. wounded
man with shooting him as he was leaving
the bakery where he. is employed as fore
man. Wilhelm was arrested in his room,
and. according to the police, had evident
ly been running and could give no ac
count of his movements at the time of the
affray. The shooting is supposed to have
been the result of a clash that occurred
recently in . the bakery in which Truat
wein was Injured by two journeymen
bakers.
Crown Prince Appointed Colonel.
LONDON. Sept. 18.— Crown Prince Fred
erick William has been appointed colonel
of the First Regiment of the Guards. He
is the youngest colonel In the army.
Sloop Is Caught in a Storm.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 13.— The sloop.
Dashaway, which was caught In a storm
while comins from Puget Sound, was
towed to San Francisco this afternoon.
The owner his wife and child were the
only persons aboard the sloop during? th»
storm and for three days and a half tha
cwner never left the wheel.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. IS.-District At
torney Arthur M. Seymour has returned
frum Folsom. whore he attempted, with
The aid cf Court Stenographer Warren E.
Doanp, to secure statements from Con
virts Murphy and Wood, who were among
the escaped prisoners and who were cap
tured at Rtno, Nev. Although the two
; ::scr.ers were very communicative while
they were confined in the Sacramento jail
awaiting removel to Folsom, they had
nothing to say to the District Attorney
concerning the break or their capture.
Captured Convicts Are Reticent.
Joked about not reading the papers.
Ware replied that a press clipping bureau
was superior, and opened a letter in his
hand containing a bundle of scissored
matter. The Pension Commissioner's at
tention was called to the case of a Kan
sas G. A. R. post censuring Governor
Bailey for appointing an ex-Confederate
Justice of the Peace at Manhattan.
"That looks like a joke," laughingly re
plied the Commissioner. But after a mo
ment's reflection, he added: "You don't
hear of. any Democratic Governor south
of Mason and Dixon's line appointing ex-
Union soldiers to office, do you?"
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 18. — United
States Pension Commissioner Ware; ar
rived in this city last evening from the
Grand Army of the Republic reunion at
San Francisco and a week's outing in
Colorado. Ware's private business inter
ests will keep him in the city for several
days.
Has Something to Say Concerning G.
A. R. Criticism of Appointment
by Governor Bailey.
PENSION COMMISSIONER
WARE IS AT TOPEKA
REDWOODS THAT ARE TO
FALL- BEFORE THE WOOD
MAN'S AX.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. IS.— A report wa«
received this morning at the Sheriffs of
fice that the body of Miss Hertha Page
was flcatir.g near the cliff drive. The re-
I<o:t wis sent in by two ladles who are
stopping at Gartteld. Sheriff TraffJi :in
mnVctely went out on tbe cliSf, but found
that tbe ladies were mistaken. What they
took for a body proved to be a '03;. It
vas also reported that during the mghi
a wcmiin dressed in men's c'.othep was
seen or. the wharf, but the officers were
¦jr.at-le to find any trace of the woman.
Still Searching for Miss Page.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Sept. 13.— While
temporarily deranged from brooding over
the recent death of her father and moth
er, Mrs. Mary Williams, aged 17 years.,
formerly of Chattanooga. Tenn.. fired
two shots at her husband without effect
and then committed suicide by sending
a bullet through her heart. The shooting
occurred yesterday near Milford. -while
the couple were en route from this dtjf
to Arizona.
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn.. Sept. IS.—
Mrs. Luther Williams, who Is reported to
have committed suicide near Milford,
Utah, was the daughter of Hon. Blevlna
Thompson, a prominent citizen of Chatta
nooga, recently deceased. She has sev
eral brothers and sisters residing here,
all of whom are prominent. Williams was
engaged In the retail liquor business.
Mrs. Williams leaves an estate recently
left by her father.
Recent Death of Father
and Mother Causes
Insanity.
"Everyman" to Be Given at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 15.—
Tl>at Ben Greet's production of "Every
man" and "Twelfth Night" Is to meet
»!th an enthusiastic reception by the uni
versity community was evidenced by th»
rush this morninz to secure tickets for
the performances. The p!ays will be given
under the auspices of the Stanford Eng
lish Ciub. "Everyman" will be presented
on Monday evening and "Twelfth Night'
on Tuesday evening. It is expected that
a larcc number of people will come from
n«arby towns to witness the productions.
The four great timber-using industries—lum
bering, building, mining and transportation —
are r>ecullarly dependent for their future pros
perity upon a sustained supply of timber from
the Government forest reserves and special pro
visions must be made to pieet their needs. {The
use of the mature timber is often essential and
almost universally advisable in a healthy grow
ing forest, and provision 1» made by the law
for Its disposition to those who need it. This
use of the reserves will grow steadily greater
and more essential as time goes on, and every
care phould be takn to safeguard the young
frowtb for the future.
In th«? delicate and important task of ad
ministering the forest reserves, which are bo
vitally necessary to the well being of Indus
tries and communities throughout the West,
the Government is constantly met by the de
mands of conflicting Interests. In Its endeavor
to make the reserves as useful as possible to
all the people these interests must be most
carefully considered. In the region about a
particular reserve, Rheep grazing maybe the
most important industry, and therefore th»
first to be protected and conserved. In another^
stock raising of other kinds may predominate.
In the ET*at majority, the Interests of the
email rancher and the irrigator come first. In
each case it is essential that the administra
tion of the reserve should meet the needs of
the people, and that each reserve should be
given its highest possible present usefulness
while protecting with the greatest care its con
tinued utility to the community. The Idea of
permanent usefulness is fundamental In every
case. *
CONFLICTING INTERESTS.
El Paso won out in its picturesque fight
for next year's congress on the first
ballot. There was a desperate effort
made by the Northwestern States to
bring the honor to Boise, but it was un
successful, and but one ballot was neces
sary. It was apparent that the desire to
go to Portland, Or., in 1905 had much to
do with this action in giving the honor
for 1304 to the Southwest.
Many delegates left for their homes to
night, although several hundred will go
on excursions to-morrow through Cache
Valley, viewing the State Agricultural
School at Logan and the great irrigation
works of the Bear River Valley.
On the suggestion .of Chief Engineer
Newell and the Government engineers,
only three of the addresses on the pro
gramme for to-day were delivered in or
der to give more time for discussion on
the land laws questions. All the other
addresses and papers of the Government
experts will be printed In the official pro
ceedings of the congress. The following
addresses were delivered: "Forest ana
Water Supply," by F. II. Newell, chief
engineer United States Government;
"Forestry," by Gifford Pinchot, chief
forester United States Government,
"Forest Reservations in Utah," by A. F.
Potter, Government forestry expert.
Pinchofs address was in part as follows:
President Roosevelt has said that the princi
pal object of the forest policy of the United
States Is, and n:u«t be, to make prosperous
homes and to keep them prosperous. The ob-
J«-ei of the Government in dealing with the
Jorest reserves Is, therefore, to give them their
greatest permanent usefulness to the settler
and the home-maker. Accordingly the officers in
charge of the administration of forest reserves
must acquaint themselves fully and completely
with the needs of the people in each locality,
as the most essential step toward the proper
management of each reserve. Wise forest ad
ministration Is impossible without a knowledge
of local conditions and local needs, and with
out the careful adaptation of the forest reserve
rules to meet those needs.
Over the adoption or rejection of the
clauses of the majority report requesting
that Congress repeal the desert land act,
the timber and stone act and the com
mutatio hclause of the homestead act
occurred a debate of four hours' dura
tion, exceedingly bitter at times and par
ticipated in by some of the most promi
nent men in the work of irrigation. The
opposition to the National Irrigation Con
gress committing itself in any such man
ner was led by former Senator Carey of
Wyoming, Congressman Mondell of Wy
oming and former Congressman Shafroth
of Colorado, and when a substitute for
these provisions of the majority report
was offered by Congressman Needham ot
California, simply requesting Congress to
modily the land laws, the whole strength
of the opposition was thrown in its favor.
The result Is regarded by them as a de
cided victory, in that the national body
of irrigationists did not come out in di
rect opposition to the laws they so
strongly defended. The debate was pro
longed until evening, and although a
number of interesting papers were to
have been presented by bureau chiefs of
the Department of Agriculture, the con
gress, tired out by the long and at times
acrimonious discussion, adjourned with
out listening to them.
EL PASO WINS FIGHT.
Clark of Montana president and
decided to hold the congress of 1904 in El
Paso, and adopted a platform which re
quested Congress to make needed modifi
cations of the existing land laws In order
that the speculation and monopoly of
public domain be prevented. The great
fight of the congress came- up this after
noon when the report of the committee
on resolutions was made.
OGDEX, Utah, Sept. IS.— The elev
enth National Irrigation Congress
came to an end late this after
noon. It re-elected Senator W. A.
YOUTHFUL BRIDE
KILLS HERSELF
Mrs. Gilbert McClurg of Colorado
offered a resolution 'favoring Indian corn
Amid considerable confusion the roll
was called and resulted in the adoption
of the Needham resolution by a vote of
212 to 113.
Congressman Brooks of Colorado of
fered several other amendments to the
majority report relating to State and na
tional supervision of water distribution
on the ground that they are inconsistent
with the national Irrigation laws. The
majority report, as amended, was then
carried by a viva voce vote. ¦'-»"
Whereas, the timber and stone act, the
desert land law and the commutation clause
of the homestead act have in many instances
In their administration been found to result
In speculation and in monopoly of the public
domain to the exclusion of actual home build-
Ing, therefore, be It
Resolved, that we request the Congress of
the United StRtes to make such modifications
In said laws as will save the remaining pub-
He "and for actual settlers who will found
homes and live upon said lands.
Shafroth was followed by Attorney
General Donovan of Montana in favor of
the majority report. Congressman Mon
dell of Wyoming- followed in the negative
and William E. Smythe of Los Angeles
in the affirmative. Colonel John P. Irish,
against the report, and George S. Max
well of Chicago, In its favor, closed, the
formal debate. Under the five-minute
rule W. T. Johnson of Colorado, G. L.
Miller of Kansas, Congressman French of
Idaho and former Senator Carey of Wy
oming spoke against thp majority report.
D. Clark Gapen of Wisconsin, Colonel
Graves of Minnesota, Congressman
Reeder of Kansas and Senator Gibson of
Montana spoke In Its favor. Congress
man Needham of California offered a
substitute for both reports, as follows:
SUBSTITUTE ADOPTED.
. The report was adopted unanimously.
The report of the committee on resolu
tions and platform was then presented
and the delegates settled themselves
for the big fight of the congress.
Before debate on the report of the com
mittee on resolutions was taken up at the
afternoon session an amendment to the
majority report was made, commending
the plan of State commissions, such as
exists in Utah, to work in collaboration
with the Government in the great irriga
tion projects. Resolutions of thanks to
the Oregon Short Line for its courtesies,
and to Utah, the city of Ogden and the
press were also adopted. A motion to
limit the time of debate to three speakers
on each side, giving- each speaker fifteen
minutes, was adopted.
Former Congressman Shafroth of Colo
rado opened the debate in a speech
against the repeal of the land laws as
embodied In the majority report of the
committee on resolutions.
President. W. A. Clark. Montana; first vice
president. L. W. Shurtliff. Utah; second vice
president. W C. Johnston. Denver; third vice
president, John Hall. Texas; secretary. H. B.
Maxson, Reno. Nevada; and the following
executive committeemen: Arizona, B. A.
Fowler; California. C. B. I3ooth; Colorado,
Gilbert McClurg; Idaho. F. B. Roed; Illinois,
F. C. Tapping; Iowa. H. C. Wallace; Kansas
C. A. Schneider; Minnesota. Thomas Shaw';
Missouri. J. W. Gregory; Montana, Herbert
Strain; New Mexico. G. A., Richardson; North
Dakota. D. E. Willard; Oregon. M. A. Wordy;
Pennsylvania. I. M. Llghtner; South Dakota,
Wesley Stewart; Texas, James A. Smith;
Utah. Fred J. Kiesel: Washington. O. A.
Fletcher: Wisconsin, Clarke Gapen; 'Wyom
ing, Fennimore Chattcrton.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion then made its report, recommending
the selection of officers as follows:
El Paso 205. Boise 147, St. Joseph S. The
Boise delegation moved to make the nom
ination of El Paso unanimous and it was
carried with a roar of cheers.
OFFICEHS CHOSEN.
Lengthy speeches were cut off by a
time limit of five minutes put en nomi
nating speeches. Boise, Idaho; St. Jo
seph. Mo.; St, Louis and El Paso were
named and seconded. The roll was then
called. The first ballot resulted:
This cleared the decks for the fight for
next year's convention and there was no
delay In starting it.
drance to the usefulness of the reserves;
third, the sudden disturbance of business con
ditions when a reserve is created has some
times in the past occasioned serious losses to
legitimate business enterprises. When, as
sometimes happens, the continued use of an
area set aside as a forest reserve as it was
used before is no longer compatible with the
public interests, then, unless the public Jjood
absolutely demands sudden action, which is
but rarely the case, these private enterprises
should be given time to adjust themselves to
the approaching change.
When ignorance of the objects of forest re
serves disappears, opposition to them disap
pears with it. It Is gratifying: in the highest
degree that the opposition to the forest reserve
policy of the Government, at one time so ex
tensive and important throughout the West,
has almost entirely disappeared. The West is
now practically united in support of the forest
reserves. Occasionally opposition still appears
where private interests or private desires con
flict with the best good of the people as a
wholo. or where ignorance of the forest re
serve policy yet remains, but general opposi
tion to that policy no longer exists in any
State. The sentiment in favor of the protec
tion of water and of other Interests in the
West, through the protection of its forests,
awaits but the adjustment of a few differences
to become unanimous.
tain to disappear as the reserve management
Improves, but for the present a serious hin-
•There are two other mills operating
upon the slopes of Upper Pescadero
Creek. • One is known »as the Ryder mill
and the other the Carmichael. It is evi
dent that within a few years the red
woods in' yjis section will be nearly all
destroyed.
The superintendent of the timber com
pany has had a survey made for a wagon
road down the Pescadero Valley to the
lands. of the San Mateo Water Company,
commonly known as Moore's place; thence
the present wagon road leads out to the
Alpine road to Menlo Park. He has also
had his" men clear a good trail for the
same distance. It is commonly reported
in the Pescadero region that this same
company .proposes to establish other mills
farther down the valley and that the
wagon. road survey has been<made with a
view to rendering the sites of such new
mills available.
At the present time the machinery has
been installed and is being run for the
purpose • of manufacturing lumber with
which to erect the superstructure of the
mill Itself. About 125 men are employed,
but this number will be increased as soon
es operations have been begun in ear
nest.
MACH1NEBY IS INSTALLED.
A dam has been placed across Water
man Creek and a good sized ' mill
pond created. The mill is located on the
sidehill above this pond. No longer are
the logs hauled to the mill by teams of
gigantic oxen. A good sized donkey en
gine at the end of a skidway Is equipped
with two immense cylinders, upon which
wire cables are colled. The light cable Is
intended for hauling the heavy cable out
to the end of the skidway, which may be
a mile away up some gulch. The heavy
cable is then made fast to a row of im
mense logs fastened end to end by iron
chains. - A signal is given by the man In
charge of the log train, which at once
begins. its journey to the mill. At a cer
tain point the logs are uncoupled and
rolled into the mlllpond. A steam eleva
tor quickly raises the logs to the mill.
In which they are rapidly cut into board
measure. The mill has a .capacity of
60,000 feet per day.
The company Is the natural successor
of the syndicate which disposed of the Big
Basin grant to the State of California.
Having cut nearly all the timber In the
Boulder Creek region, except that con
tained in the 3900 acres sold to the State,
the syndicate either had to quit business
or seek new fields. ' As It happened the
Boulder Creek logging railroad reached
within a few miles of the San Ma^eo
County line and the headwaters of Pes
cadero Creek and all that was necessary
for the members of the syndicate to do
was to move their outfits over the ridge
separating Boulder Creek from Pesca
dero Creek and to begin operations in the
almost virgin forest of the Pescadero.
This they have done. They have buiit
a fine, wagon road across the San Mateo
County line and to a point in the south
eastern corner of section 22 on Waterman
Creek. Here they have installed one of
the most complete lumber plants in Cal
ifornia.
WAGON ROADS ARE BUILT.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 18.— The
days of the redwood trees
which have made famous
the valley through which
Pescadero Creek runs are
numbered. The principal owner of
the timber lands in the valley is Timo
thy Hopkins, who purchased them twenty
years ago at an average price of about
$12 50 per acre. He and his associates
own the larger portion of a thickly tim
bered . region more than eight miles long.
The land Is situated directly eouth of La
Honda and beyond what is known as the
Alpine Ridge. The Spring Valley Water
Works Company owns 640 acres in the
neighborhood and with the old San Fran
cisco Water Company controls the prin
cipal water rights of the Pescadero
Creek. There are also a few individual
owners of scattering parcels of land, but
the syndicate of capitalists of whom
Timothy Hopkins is the leader practically
controls the region. For twenty years
these capitalists have been holding the
timber arid have neither made any ef
fort to market it themselves nor have
they been willing to sell to others. With
Interest added the property now stands
them about $25 per acre, a price higher
than much of the surrounding property
will bring in open market at the present
time.
At last, however, the high price of lum
ber has tempted the capitalists and the
first energetic effort is now being made
to place the timber of the upper Pesca
dero Creek upon the market. The Cali
fornia Timber Company has been formed,
with H. L. Middleton. the lumber kins
of Boulder Creek region, at the head of
the corporation. This company has tak
en over the holdings of Middleton and a
portion of the land held by Mrs. W. H.
Dougherty of SaiFJose. It is further un
derstood that it either has or will control
the holdings of Timothy Hopkins and the
Other associates with him.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Sept. 18.—
Charles H. Smith of St. Louis, political
manager for R. C. Kerens, the Republican
nominee for United States Senator to suc
ceed G. G. Vest, was before the Grand
Jury forty-five minutes to-day. Smith
took an active part in the management
of the flght in the Republican caucus to
secure the nomination of Kerens for
United States Senator. Smith Is reported
to have testified that he did not see any
money used in behalf of Kerens, but that
he was aware that promises of Federal
positions were used as inducements to
get votes for opposing candidates.
Other witnesses to-day were S. W. For
dyce and J.A. Parks of St. Louis, E. J.
Gildersleeve. a St. Louis ticket broker,
who testified regarding the defeat of the
anti-scalping bill, and Rev. C. S. Brooks
of Jefferson City, who referred to Prose
cuting Attorney Stone recently in a ser
mon which aroused much comment.
Alleged Use of Money to Secure
Caucus Nomination Is Subject
of Investigation.
GRAND JURY QUESTIONS
R. C. KEREN'S MANAGER
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI
DENT OF IRRIGATION CON
GRESS ELECTED YESTERDAY.
TONOPAH. Nev., Sept. 18.— Eighteen
men are now under arrest charged with
inciting riot, robbery and murder as a re
sult cf the attempt of Tuesday night to
run the Chinese out of town. Three of the
Chinese were taken to jail this afternoon
and Identified Arandall, Lang. Bradshaw
and Sir.ks as their assailants. The three
latter are waiters. It is presumed that
six men were engaged actively in the raiJ
and two of them are still at large.
The Coroner held an inquest to-day on
the body of the dead Chinese, and from
evidence adduced it seems that the men
after leading the Chinese to the outskirts
of the town knocked them down and
robbed them, securing: about 11500. The
citizens generally will aid in prosecuting
The thugs now under arrest. Most of the
men in confinement are members of labor
unions, but so far no members of the
VIners' I'rJon are implicated.
Eighteen Alleged Participants in
Riot Are Now in Tonopah Jail.
MANY AKRZSTS ARE MADE.
EL, PASO, Tex., Set. 18.— At Chihua
hua, Mexico, during: the Independence day
celebration the evening of September 16,
Governor Terrazas. the cattle king, wns
liissed while making a speech and was
threatened with personal violence.
The mcb stormed his palace, threw
sticks and stones and demolished every
window pane foercin. The police tried to
interfere, but were routed and one police
man war beaten to death. Scores of per
sons were injure^ and much property was
damaged before the soldiers with fixed
bayonets pppearec! and dispersed the riot
ers. More than 200 arrests were made and
the entire city was thrown into a state of
great excitement and anxiety.
The mob was composed of the lowest
elemc-nt of the people, who ' took this
method of showing their displeasure at
the order recently issued by the new Gov
ernor suppressing all gambling within the
jurisdiction of his state. The common
people w.tc accustomed to find their chief
amusement on Independence day at the
gaming tables and when this was denied
them they became enragd.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Resentment of the Populace Because
of the Suppression of Gambling:
Causes a Brief Reign of
Terror.
Officer Is Beaten to Death
and Soldiers Make a
Charge.
A telegram was received at the State
Department to-day from the Governor of
Nevada in reply to the one sent yester
day retarding this attack, saying that
he has ordered an immediate investiga
tion and will take every action looking
to the safety of the Chinese residents of
Tonopah. A copy of this telegram will
be sent to the Chinese Minister for his
information.
WASHINGTON, Sept lS.-The Chinese
Government will make a claim against
ihe Government of the United States on
account cf injuries ir.nicted by residents
of Tonopah. Nev. p upon Chinese residents
of that place last Wednesday. The Chi
nese Minister has telegraphed the Chinese
Consul General at San Francisco to send
him. as many affidavits as he can secure
showing the names of the persons in
jured and the nature of their injuries, as
well as any property loss they might
have suffered. These affidavits will be
used as the basis of the claim against this
Government.
Governor of Nevada Orders
an Immediate In
vestigation.
Riot in a Mexican City
Baffles the Efforts of
Chinese Government to
Demand Payment
for Damages. •
MOB STORMS
A PALACE OF
A GOVERNOR
TONOPAH RIOT
BASIS OF CLAIM
California Timber Company Purchases Holdings in San
Mateo County, Installs a Large Plant on Water
man Creek and Begins to Clear the Forest
REDWOODS OF THE PESCADERO VALLEY
TO FALL UNDER THE WOODMAN'S AX
IRRIGATION CONGRESS URGES
MODIFICATION OF LAND LAWS
Opponents of Majority Report Gain Victory by
Securing Adoption of a Compromise Reso
lution Offered by Representative Needham
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
Opposition to the forest reserve policy has
arisen chiefly from three sources — first, mis
understanding of the Government's policy in
the creation of reserves; second, Vfxatious
and unnecessary delays and restrictions or-
SOURCES OF OPPOSITION.
For the present much the most important
use of the forest reserves Is to supply water
to the lrrlgator. and their utility In this respect
should be safeguarded In every possible way.
This use, too, will Increase with time, and It
will become n-.ore and more evident that the
foundation of the irrigation development of the
West lies in the wise administration of the
forest reserves. Not only can the present sup
plies of water be conserved by the rlsrht hand
ling- of the foie-t, but there is no questian wrat
ever that In many localities they may b*
largely Increased. From this point of view, as
well as from many others, protection against
fire is the first duty of the Government toward
the reserves. '< ¦
3
Article* that Trill make
Money for yon.
Why Americans
Are more mxcceaafnl
tlinn Brltona.
n y John Foster Fraier.
First of n series) of the T.est
Contemporaneous Thought
by worlcl-famoaa
men brclnx
Xeit Sunday Call. '
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
"H& Won't Die
Of consumption " is a remark often made !
cf a. fleshy man. The remark expresses;
the popular recognition of the fact that:
the siga of consumption is emaciation,
loss of flesh. On
gain is flesh is a /C*£^ ;/\
sure sign that ¦wast- /'/H^^ /ftb**.
:ng curd. y^Mna5pS§»^^
pie with obstinate jg|ggggBffi||j*||g^
coughs, bleeding i£| S§Sgt*Ji£*iiy
End weakness, have
Dr. Pierre's Golden JraSsf &£sCb)
Z»Iedical Discovery. GsliflL^S^r
of the cure were re- m$v^23r
corded in ounces TKB1Me£?
creasing weight. n3§mS9j3
When there is gain f^3 pSa
in ficsh the wasting ||gj |||a
surely cured. .fta* Sksj!
Mr. Will H.Whitmire.
of Arkton. Rocking- "^
ham Co.. Va.. writes : "Onr ion contracted a
deep cold about the first of July. 189J. and had a
terrible cough. We called a doctor and he pro-
nonnced it irritation of the bronchial tabes, with
ss*hd&tic trouble, and be informed me that my
eon was liable to die at any time. He told me
that if we could keep tbe bronchial tubes open,
he mirktCMT* him: bat after treating him several
weeks asd my «on rrowia* worse all the time
I concluded to try fir. Pierce'* Golden Medical
Discovery and ' Pleasant Pellets.* I had teen ;
several almost miraculous cures broorht about j
bv the Tise of tbe»e medicines, and of coarse 1 1
had wonderful faith in them. He used three ,
bottles of * Golden Medical Diacorery • at home ;
and one vial of the * relicts,* and was then well -
eaourh to ro to West Virginia, taking a supply ;
with "his. T am Just in receipt of a letter from ,
him from which I quOe : '/ am vxtt and hardy
end zciltnz very JUthy.'" .- , .j •
The Common Sense Medical Adfiser, .
100S large pages is sent free on receipt of i
stamps to pay expense of mailing only. ;
Sendsi one-cent stamps for the cloth- 1
bound volume or only 21 stamps for the
book in paper covers. Address Dr. R.
V. Pierce. Bcflalo. N. Y.
Schilling's Best Coffee is al-
ways the same ; but four kinds :
the teas are five ; it's a matter
iof taste.
Your grocer's; moneyback.
ADVERTISEMENT^
ABSORBING NOVELS
READ ONE READ ALL
THE MAIN CHANCE THE FIUQREE BALL
b/Mmdttb NlchoUoV; boy. ton**, be? or •**¦«; £"* " ££?£*£ Wt'^^1
steal It. For Tbe Mafci Ounce ha« »H the 5?,r' ll^, t! £*r r T^2? < nUT^S!
clesiMU of twentieth century rreatn«s.-CW- ™T« B*»- by Am>« K*therta«Cf»e«. raOwr
' imn JWt«-£W«n- «* The Ltsnttwrth Case. If yw» do. you wtfl
THE GREY CLOAK _ UNDER THE ROSE
Harold MacGrath. inter efTbe Puppet Crown. Tbe charm of Under the Rroe. by Frederic S.
wrote In The Grey Cloak* book which tbe rejrfer hhitn.lies In Iwllvety wtt.lts ieilcloos tooUn*.
could not lay down till he finished. la a bosy Its fine feellnf aad perfect taste. Too ferret It
in this Is an offense antnst Industry.— CN- Is MX reality and tacamb ts tbe aaita*r*s
Uf Tribimt. *p«II Hm?rr>, WttU?.
TMC •OBBS-MUKKILL COMPANY. PUILlSHEttS.SAN JOSE, Sept. 18.-The Santa Clara
County Editorial Association held .its
quarterly meeting here to-day. President
F. . W:- Blake of'iGilroy presided. • A' uni
form rate for all foreign advertising was
adopted.' It was decided that hereafter
all advertising of this character must be
transacted through the central office of
the county association. After a short
business meeting the editors adjourned . to
participate - in the entertainment of the
members of the California Press Associa
tion, which also met here to-day.
Editors Meet at San Jose.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 18.— The long-drawn
out fight between the city plumbers on
one side and Inspector Walker and the
Board of Health on the other is growing
more bitter and now threatens to draw
the Federated Trades Into the contro
versy. The contest has already resulted
in one strike and it Is probable that be
fore peace is restored a general strike
may be declared that will tie up all labor
In the city. The plumbers have retained
counsel and have drawn up an ordinance,
which will be presented to the City Coun
cil, providing that the office of inspector
shall be filled by an experienced plumber.
Plumbers' Fight Is Growing Bitter.
SAN DIEGO, Sept 18.— A sensational
family row, which has been partly aired
in the local, Los Angeles and Chicago
courts, is to be taken up again on a com
plaint which has been filed in the Supe
rior Court here. An action for divorce
has been brought by Grace G. Bohn
against her husband. John J. Bohn of
Chicago, 111. Mrs. Bonn has resided for a
long time at the Point Loma homestead.
Extreme cruelty j is among the churges
made against the defendant. Mrs. Mary
E. Green, Mrs. Bonn's mother, is named
as co-respondent, the allegations against
Mrs. Green being made on information
and beiief. A division of property and
the custody of the children are prayed for
by the plaintiff.
The Bohn family troubles first came to
light when John J. Bohn came here from
Chicago and attempted by habeas corpus
proceedings to take his children from the
Point Loma homestead, where they were
staying with Mrs. Bohn. He did not suc
ceed at that time, but later secured the
children through the Los Angeles courts,
and btlll has them with him in his Chi
cago home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Grace Bohn Re
news Legal Battle
With Husband.
The identity of the man is established
by the presence of two warts or moles,
one on either cheek, of which the officer
was told by the child before Meyer was
brought before her for Identification. The
crime exceeds the deed for. which Ortega
was sentenced to a long term of impris
onment two years ago from this county.
Meyer was arraigned and held to appear
for examination on September 24 without
ball.
SANTA CLARA, Sept. 18.— Anton Meyer
was arrested last night by Constable Dan
iel A. Toomey and was arraigned before
Justice Herrington this morning on a
chargre of assault. Hia victim is the 7
year-old daughter of a widow named
Grizzle, who lives at 975 Market street. In
this city. ¦ The mother goes out to work
by the day and five little ones dependent
upon her are left alone at home during
her absence. Ths^ offense was committed
on September 5. and Constable Toomey
has been at work on the case since.
Clara and Charged with a
Serious Offense.
Anton Meyer Is Arrested at Santa
YOUNG GIRL IDENTIFIES ;
HER CRUEL ASSAILANT 1 ,
BRINGS ACTION
FOR A DIVORCE
Tho position which has been offered to
Miss Peixotto is that of lecturer on so
cialism in the department of economics,
under Professor Adolph C. Miller, and
though the lady has not yet accepted the
post, it is understood that she will do so
and her reply to President Wheeler will
be mailed to-day.
In selecting Miss Peixotto for the posi
tion as lecturer on socialism. President
Wheeler has recognized the exceptional
ability of the lady. The study of eco
nomic questions and advanced socialism
has occupied the attention of Miss Peix
otto for some years. She was born in
New Tork, and waa brought to this city
by her parents when a child. She was
educated in the public schools and the
high school of this city, and was grad
uated from the State University. She
tinction by President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the State University, the
lady having received the offer of an ap
pointment aa a member of the. faculty
of the seat of learning.
MISS JESSICA B. PEIXOTTO,
prominent in literary and eo
cial circles in this city, has
been accorded a unique dis-
Many Churches "Will Be Represented.
WOODLAND, Sept. 13.— The General
Association of Congregational Churches
will be held in Woodland this year from
October 6 to 9. inclusive. There will be
present 175 delegates representing 125
churches. It Is said that a programme of
unusual interest has been prepared. The
association will be entertained on the
last day of the session by the Chamber
of Commerce.
' On * Sunday. September 20. the California
Northwestern Railway will run an excursion to
"Wllllts. It Is the first excursion since the
railroad has been finished to that point. The
ride between Ukiah and Willita is one of the
most picturesque in- the country. Each ticket
sold Insures a seat. Fare for the round trip,
S3 Leaves Tlburon Ferry 7:30 a. m.. on the
return leaves Wllllts 4 p. m. Tickets on sale
650 Market 8t. (Chronicle building) and at Tlbu
ron" Ferry. . ,";..•
Excursion to Willits.
holds the titles of bachelor of philosophy
and doctor of philosophy, conferred by
the 'University of California, and is a
writer of recognized merit.
After graduating from the State Uni
versity Miss Peixotto took a post-grad
uate course In Paris, 'France, receiving
high honor for her work on economic
subjects. ¦
She is the second woman upon whom
the University of California conferred the
title of doctor of law, the first woman
to receive the distinction being Miss
Millicent Shinn.
Miss Peixotto Is the author of the well
known work, "The French Revolution
and Modern Socialism," which she pub
lished in 1901. Her views on the great
upheaval In France that swept monarchy
aside and placed the first of the Bona
partes in power are recognized In all
seats of learning, and her publication is
listed as a text-book In many colleges
and has often been quoted by professors
of Columbia University.
Miss Jessica Peixotto is the daughter
of Raphael Peixotto, the well-known
merchant. One of her brothers Is a
prominent attorney, and another is In
terested in settlement work and the Co
lumbia Park Club for boys and a third Is
a well-known artist.
9
SUMMER SCHOOL
IS A SUCCESS
President Dailey Files
Report at Meeting
of Trustees.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 18.— The State Nor
mal School Trustees met here yesterday,
Trustees Addison, Mastick, Jacobs, Dow
and Babb and State Superintendent Kirk
and President Dailey being present.
The board decided to contract with the
Standard Oil Company for 1000 barrels of
oil for heating the school at 75 cents per
barrel. Dr. Dow, one of the local Trus
tees, had already made arrangements with
the Associated Oil Company .for the same
quantity at 82 cents per barrel. The l>oard
unanimously repudiated the arrangement
made by Trustee Dow and accepted' the
Standard Company's offer.
The salary of Miss Belle Mackenzie,
head of the kindergarten department, waa
raised to $1500 per year.'
President Dailey filed a report showing
that the summer school just closed was
a success. There was an attendance of
175. which was considered large for the
first term. He recommended that here
after the session of the summer school
be six weeks instead of ten. The recom
mendation was adoDted.
It was expected that an attempt would
be made to elect Professor C. W. Childs,
a former principal of the Normal School,
vice principal. Childs waa . deposed - by
Governor Budd. Professor W. W. Wil
son is at present vice principal. 'Childs
has been after the position for some time
and has many influential friends. The
rules provide that the president of the
school shall nominate the teachers.
Friends of Childs had secured an opin
ion that this was not necessary and be
lieved that they had the Trustees pro
grammed for Childs' election.
It is said that a decision sent down
yesterday by Governor Pardee upset their
programme, as the Attorney General has
held that the nomination must come from
President Dailey, and the latter refuses to
make the nomination.
VOSMER SMOKES UP.
There will be another biff time at Coney
Island, the new pleasure resort, near Cliff
House, Sunday afternoon. Professor Vos-^
mer will ascend in his monster airship.
There will also be a refined vaudeville
ehow and band concert. •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED. «
Friday. September 18.
Stmr Centennial, Klltgaard, Seattle.
PROMINENT MEMBER OF LITERARY AND SOCIAL. CIRCLES, WHO
HAS BEEN TENDERED POST OF LECTURER ON SOCIALISM IN
DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMICS AT STATE UNIVERSITY.
Dies From Bullet Wound in Sack.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 18.-S. K. TahuchI,
was shot last week by J. Kudow, died
to-day at the Red Cross Sanitarium. Ta
huchl and his wife were shot by J. Ku
dow, who afterward committed suicide.
Kudow was infatuated with Mrs. Ta
huchi and because she refused to elope
with him he concluded to kill her and
her husband and then himself. Mrs. Ta
huchl was instantly killed. ' Kudow, be
fore committing: suicide, Bet fire to the
house.
Chris Anderson, the proprietor of the
place, was uptown at the time or the rob
bers might have made a larger haul. The
leader of the highwaymen was more than
Bix feet tall and well proportioned. The
other two were average size. All wore
slouch hats and dark clothes. The masks
were made of dark cloth. As soon as the
robbers left the place the ' Sheriff's of
fice was notified. Deputies Starbird.
Dreischmeyer and Bache were on the
scene inside of fifteen minutes, but no
trace of the highwaymen could be found.
It Is believed the men must have had a
rig near; by in which to make their es
cape.
Shortly before 10 o'clock a young man
about 23 years of age entered and pur
chased a drink. A few minutes later he
returned with two companions.
"Throw up your hands," ordered one
who appeared to be the leader, and in
rtantly ten hands Ehot upward. J. F.
Rose, the bartender, was In charge at the
time.
All three robbers wore masks and went
about their work methodically. The lead
«*¦ was the only one that displayed a re
volver, and he kept all five men, who
had been lined up against the wall, well
covered. The other two thugs did tfie
searching. From the till 514 in coin was
taken. J. F. Rose, the bartender, was
robbed of $00 73. G. A. Shealy of San
Francisco, who was In the place, lost. &
and a silver watch. Harry Rose, V.
Granaden and George Teigler were
searched, but they had no coin. A quan
tity of cigars, cigarettes and liquors were
also taken by the rebbers. After complet
iag the robbery the three men hurriedly
left. Not a word aside from the command
to throw up their hands was spoken.
It la believed the men are professionals.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 18.— A daring hold -tip
occurred et Anderson's saloon on the cor
ner of The Alameda and Orchard 6treet,
Just beyond the city limits, at 10 o'clock
to-nlgbt. Three masked men robbed the
ealoon and five men that were In the
place. About $50 In coin was secured by
the robbers.
Ep*clal Dispatch to The Call.
Bobbers Make Their Escape After Se
curing: About $50 in Coin and
a Quantity of Cigars and
Liquors.
Bartender and Four Patrons
Are Coolly Searched for
Valuables.
CARSON CITT,.Nev., Sept. 18.— District
Attorney Moody and Sheriff Walher of
Nevada County, California, arrived In this
city to-day to disinter the body of Charles
Calvin, who died at Hobart Mills some
months ago. The purpose of the exhum
ing Is to examine the body and determine
If poison was administered to Calvin. Dr.
Shoemaker of Truckee performed the
work of removing the stomach and Intes
tines from the body, and an examination
for poison will b« made by a chemist In
San Francisco. The party left this even
ing for California with the portion of the
remains that they desired.
Calvin died . under peculiar circum
stances. Dr. Johnson of Hobart Mills,
the place where Calvin died, was the at
tending physician, and it is said he had
been paying secret attention to Mrs. Cal
vin before the death of her husband. The
fact that Calvin was sick but a few days
and was attended by Dr. Johnson created
more or less suspicion. Shortly after the
death of Calvin, Mrs. Calvin and Dr.
Johnson left the place and have been re
ported as living in San Francisco. Dr.
Johnson was married to the daughter of
District Judge Jones of this State. Before
he left her, it is said, he administered a
beating to her and told her to go home
to her mother. Judge Jones on hearing
of the Calvin case came to this city and
started the law in motion to bring the
doctor and Mrs. Calvin to time. The
Judge has announced that he will probe
the matter to the bottom, and . It Is be
lieved that he is instrumental In bringing
about the present action.
All of the parties are well known In this
city, where Mrs. Calvin was raised. She
left her son, a boy of 6 years, to be pro
vided for In this city before her departure.
The entire community Is agog over tho
suspicious circumstances of the entire
affair.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 13.— A Prine
vllle, Oregon, special to-day says: S. P.
Donkle, an old settler at the Pelton place,
on the Deschutes River, was murdered
some days ago and his body burled near
hla home by the person or^persons guilty
of the crime. The body, which was ex
humed by the Sheriff and Coroner of
Crook County, showed " that death was
due to a pistol wound behind the left ear.
In order to conceal the crime the mur
derers had built a big fire over. the grave.
The dead man's money was gone, but his
watch was on his person. Mystery sur
rounds'- the case. From the meager de
tails now obtainable, Donkle and his son
were camped on the bank of the river and
were engaged in putting up hay on the
James Pelton ranch. The son left ten
days ago on a cattle round-up and when
he returned Monday learned that 'his
father had disappeared.. Suspecting folil
play he started a search, but no trace of
the miEBirig man could be found for some
time. Finally the son found where the
earth had apparently been disturbed and
a flre built over the mound to divert at
tention. Digging down several feet at
this point a boot was uncovered and it
was found to be on the foot of the miss-
Ing man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
Body Is Exhumed and Stom
ach Will Be Subjected to
- ~"~ an Analysis.
Daring Crime Is- Com
mitted in a San Jose £.
Resorts :
• jv li ¦ ¦ ' ¦•¦•'• ' ¦
Bullet Behind Left
Ear Discloses the Cause
¦of. Death.
Build Fire Over Grave
in Hope of Conceal
ing Crime.
Authorities Suspect He
Was the Victim of
Foul Play.
THREE THUGS
HOLD UP MEN
IN A SALOON
CALVIN'S DEATH
CAUSES INQUIRY
MURDERERS BURY
BODY OF VICTIM
MISS JESSICA B. PEIXOTTO
TENDERED A LECTURESHIP
President-Benjamin Ide Wheeler Selects Woraian
Position as Member of Faculty of the State
"University^ to- Instruct Mainly on Socialism
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My Wife of Heart
Disease and
Myself of Nervous
Dyspepsia With*
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
and Nervine.'
If I had but known what medicine and
what physicians were reliable I would be
about fijooo ahead today, For years mj
wife had been troubled with fluttering and
palpitation of the heart accompanied by
weak, nervous spells. We consulted several
different local doctors and tried nearly every
patent medicine I heard of and my wife had
almost given up in despair when my druggist
advised her tp pive Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
and Restorative Nervine a trial. After tak-
ing one-hali bottle of the Nervine sh felt
better than she had in twenty years. She
bought three bottles of each and is todav en-
ioyin? better health than she did in all her
life. I know it is all due to Dr. Miles' Re-
storative Nervine and Sew Heart Cure, I
think Restorative Nervine is the best medi-
cine on earth. As a stomach remedy it can-
not be beaten. It cured me of nervous dys-
pepsia and if from any cause I feel nervous
and I think tay stomach is £oine to trouble
me I just take a few doses of Nervine and
Nerve and Liver Pills and I soon feel all
right again. Dr. Miks' Anti-Pain Pills are
the best remedy for headache and pains I
have ever used. I always keep a box in my
house. One Pain Pill will knock any pain
in thirtv minutes. I have been using Dr.
Miles' Restorative Remedies in my family
fifteen years and think they are the best in
the world."— Isaac Headley, Station Mas-
ter, Santa Fe R. Rh Wichita, Kan.
All drurz'izts sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies, bend f or,free book
en Nervous and Heart Diseases/ Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Iud.
.^J^CUTLERY
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December, A. D.,
1902, and for the year ending on that day, aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th3
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and Gil of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash : .....V. li?!^*^ 00
ASSETS.
Catsh Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company .$382,580 00
Cash in Company's Office 400 40
Cash In Banks 16,027 03
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans. • 2,650 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection 27,155 72
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid.... 283 C5
Total Assets .....$429.096 80
LIABILITIES.-
LoeseB adjusted ar.d unpaid $ 8,737 3G
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense. 11,473 05
Losses resisted, including expenses... 2,845 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-f
nlng one year or less, $182,787 10;
reinsurance 00 per cent ; 91,393 58
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $79,-
310 94; reinsurance pro rata 45,471 92
Due and, accrued for salaries, rent,
etc.TT 591 46
All other Liabilities 8.082 6C
Total Liabilities ._$168J595 93
INCOME. ~~ k
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $217,632 49
Received ¦ for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 9,352 24
Total Income $226,934 73
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $15,767 83, losses of previ-
ous years) $ 94,284 70
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41,188 27
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 20,105 60
Paid i for State, National and Local
taxes 6.721 79
All other payments and expendi-
tures 16,943 00
" ; Total Expenditures'...*. $179,243 30
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. .. .$100,808 38
Klsks and Premiums. Flro Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ....:... $23,033,745 $316,299 29
Net amount of . Risks
- expired during the
year 21,367,188 253,810 05
Net amount in force
December 31, 1002.. 21.041,148 262.008 10
— A . p> LogEE( vicfl President.
J. H. BURGER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2Gth
day of January.- 1903. EDWIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York.
Pacific' Department
314 California St., San Francisco
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department
ADVERTISEMENTS. . j
— — I
BUY '
. , 9
BJffiWSTER'S
MILLIONS
=YOUIU=
DEALER'S
TO-DAY
STATE/VVENT
-OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
Norwich Union Fire j
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OF Norwich. England, on the 31st day of
December. A. r>. 1902. and for the year ;
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance >
Commissioner of the State of California, pur- ;
Buant to tho Provisions of Sections 610 and '
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per j
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. i
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash ... v . $ 6C0.00O.0O '
. ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $ 289,500.00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 40,000.00,
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4,515,078.50
Cash in Company's Office 800.00 ,
Cash In Banks '1,148,377.34!
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 48,581.94 '
Interest due and acrrued on
Bonds and Mortgages ' 285.00 j
Premiums In due ' Course of Col- • |
lection 978,606.48
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine -
Risks 67,911.42
Total Assets $7,086,930.63 ;
LIABILITIES.
Looses adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $267,357.92
Losses resisted, Including ex-
penses J
Gross premiums on Fire Risks 1
running one year or less,
$ — ; reinsurance 50 per . -
cent 2.861,812.54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
% ; reinsurance pro rata. J
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 2.2S0.50
Due and accrued' for salaries.
rent, etc 15.000.00
Bills Payable 18.000.02
Total Liabilities |3.165,419.98
INCOME. =
Net cash actually received for {'¦'<
¦ Fire premiums $5,115,849.67
Received for interest on Bonds
•.and Mortgages 1.665.00
Received for Interest and dlvl-
, dends on Bonds, Stocks, Loans,
¦ \ and from all other sources 152.88S.79
Received for Rents 12,826.85
Received from all other sources.. 5.070.27
' Total Income $5.2SS,3O7.5S
I EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $ , losses of
previous years).... $2.456. 7R7. 50
Dividends to Stockholders 218.790.00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1,022,677.17
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 456,826.33
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes 101,729.02
All other payments and expendi-
tures 272.800.61
Total Expenditures (4.529,610.63
Fire!
Losses Incurred during the year... $2,393,249. 94
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
I | Jflre Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of »
Risks written
during the year... $1,949,788,855 $6,928,654.08
Net amount of
Risks expired
during the year.. 1,593,641,585 5.202,740.04
Net amount in
force December
81, 1902 1,611,870,110 5,663.335.62
FRANK A. CUBITT. President.
. C. A. B. BIGN0LD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
23d day of March 1903.
I. B. T. HALES. Notary Public
Pacific Department
314 California St., San Francisco
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains le»ve and are due to arrire at
SAN FKAXC1SCO.
(Main Line, Foot of M*rltct Street)
\nirn — From B»it«»beb 2, 1903. — -tmBXTM
7.00 * Benlcla, Sulsun, Elffilra and Sacra-
mento vsi*
7.00a V»c»YlIle, Winters, Bnmsey. 7.25*
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa, CalUtosa, Santm Bo«a 8-25*
7.30a NUee, LUermore, Lathrop. Stock-
?on - 7.Z8*
800a Davls.WfKj.lland. Kntgbt* Landing.
MarviTllle. Orovllle, (connecu
atMarysTllle for Gridley, Ulggs
andChlco).. -Z'Ss*
8.00a Atlantic Expreif—Ogden and East. 10.25a
8. 00a Fort Costa, Martinez, Antloch. By-
ron.Traey,Stockton,8acramento,
Los Banon. Menduta. Hanford.
Vlsalla, Fortenrllle 4.25*
8.00a fort Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
¦ rop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
Gosnen Junction, Hanford, VI-
salla, Dalcersfleld 6.25*
8.30a Shasta Express— Dava.. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows,
i fFrnto, lied Bluff. Portland /•08V
8.30a Nlle«. San Jose, Llvermore. Stocfc-
ton.Ione.Sucnrtnento.PlRcenrllle,
MarysTllte. Chlco, Bed Bluff..... 4.25*
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8>
nora. Tuolumne and Angels 4.25*
800a Martinez and Way Stailons 6 65p
1000a Vnllejo 12.25*
10. 00 a El Paso Passenger. Eastbound.—
Port Costa. Martinez, Byron.
Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced. Raymond, Fresno, Han-
fcro Vlsaltn, IUSersflfl.1, Los
Augeles and El Paso. (West-
bound arrives via Coast Line)... «1.3uF
1000a The Overlnnd Limited— Ugden.
Denver. Omnha, Chicago. 825f
1200m Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.25r
M.OOp 6acr«neDto River Steamers. tii.OO*
330p Benlcla, Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland. Williams. Colusa. Wil-
lows, KntKhts Landing. Marys-
Tllle. Oroville and way stations.. 10 55a
3.30* Hayward, Nlles and Wny Stations.. 7.55*
4 JJO* Martlnei.San Ramon. ValleJo.Napa,
Callstoga, Santa Rosa -ZZ2 A
400r> Marttnez.Tracy.Lathrop.Btockton. 10-25a
4.00p Nlles, Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25*
4.30* Hayward, Nlles. Irvlngton, Saa I J8.55A
Jose. Llvermore I til. 55a
6-OOp The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
UakersQeld. Los Angeles •.85a
6-00* Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Lo*
Banos 12 ,-?f*
t630* Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7.25a
8.00r Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 10.25a
6.00* Oriental MaU— .Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla, Sut-
sun, Elmlra, Davis, Sacramento.
Hoc kiln. Aubu-n, Col fax,
Trnckee. Boc», Itsno, Wads-
worth, Wlnnemocca, Btttlo
Mountain, Elko 428*
».. Reno. Truckee, Sacramento, Davis,
SuUun. Benlcla. Port Costa 7.55a
6.00f Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... J 7. 55*
700* Vallejo. Sunday only I
7.00* 6an Pablo, Port Costa, Martlnei
and Way Stations 11-25A
805* Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland, Puget Soucd and East. 855 a
8.10* Haywajd, Nlles and San Jose (Sun- .... _,
dayonly) 11.85*
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Raymond (to Yo-
semlte), Fresno, Hfcnford, VI-
salla. Bakersfleld 1228*
COAST LINE farrow U.nge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7-45a Santa Crui Excursion fSunday
only) i-10*
8.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, SanU
Cruz and Way Stations 8 25*
t2.16r Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Oatos, Felton,
Boulder Cr«ek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10-55A
4.16* Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Ennday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday ouly from SanU
Crui). Connecu at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek 1855 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KUAN CISCO, toot ..f Market St. (S!lpJ>
— tTtlS 9:00 11:00 a.x. 1.00 300 5.1 5 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t*:OQ J3:08
t3:03 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 *¦».
COAST LINE (BrosJ Usuge).
ty (Third and I'uwnsend Streets.)
8.10a San Joseand Way Stations 8.30*
1700a San Jose and Way Stations 6-38*
7.15a Monterey and Santa Crnz Excur-
sion (Sunday ouly) 8.30*
8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld., only), 4.10*
8 00 a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster), Pajaro. CastroTllle. Sa-
linas, San Ardo. Paso Robles, ,
BantaMargarlta.San Luis Oblspo,
Guadalnpe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Bants Barbara. Saagus
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Castrovllle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Urove 10.45*
8.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Capttola,
K«utn Cruz, Pacific (trove, Sal inns,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.10*
t0.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11.00a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05*
11.30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30>
«1.30f San Jose and Way Stations x 7 00*
2.00* fcan Jose and Way Stations.... 59 40a
2.30* Cemetery Passenger-^ South San
Francisco, San Bruno 4.35*
t3.00* Del Monte Express— Santa, Clara.
Ean Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at SanU
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) ti 2-15*
-. 8.20* Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Burllogame.San Mateo.Itedwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. Ban Jose, {Gllroy. Holllv
¦">¦';; ter, Tres Plnos), Pajaro. Watson-
Tllle, Capitols, Santa Crux, Cas*
trovtlle, Salinas 10-43a
4-30* 8an Jose aud Way Stations 8-38a
. 64)0* San Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatoa, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00a
15.30* Ean Joeeand Principal Way 8tattona {8.00a
tS.I&r £anMateo,Beresford,Be)mo:K,&an
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t9-4S*
6.20r Ean Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
7X0* EuDset Limited. Eastbound.— San
Luis Oblspo. Eanta Barbara. Lo*
Angeles, iteming. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York- (Westbound
arrives vlaSunJosqulnValley)... «8.25a
8.00* Palo Alto sod Way Stations ,. 10.15a
11.30* South San Frsncisco. il '.librae. ) -
Burllnga,me, San Mateo, B«t-
mont. San Carlos, Redwood, to *a*
Fair Oaks. Meclo Park. Palo Isicl
Alto. Mayfleld. Mountain View. »-««>»
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, Santa
Clara and San Jose J
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Baturday and 6undsy only. ? Snaday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
1 Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
t V ta Coast Line. tr Via Ban J oaqula Valley.
6 Reno train eastbound discontinued.
EVOnly trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
are«:10 A.X.. tf-.OOAJf ..11:00 a.m.. 2:S0 *.v. and 1:30 *.«.
"^ T
MISCELLANEOUS.
tCHOBBHOU AHD CBIKABY DISCHAB3Z3.
¦SSiBF - iV^HHBHfisMx^sf wS8Bm
¦Hay i F Mil i™ wtfnww
A CUBE i» 48 H0UB3.
--:.:: Tfa.ATT.Tr/A.Y IBAVZL
Are You Afraid
Of High Altitudes?
Yes? . [
- Then take the route of low altitudes — the f
El Paso-Rock Island Line. t
The highest point en route is several hun- j
' '^ dred feet lower than the highest point on any
other transcontinental line.
Thro* trains San Francisco to Kansas City |
and Chicago; sleepers, tourist car, chair car, diner. ,,
'*'.'- g^SBSBfeT ' Full information at Southern Pacific ticket offices, .
or by writing
iMM^nnl^.- F. W. THOMPSON', General Western Agent, I
JllJpgfigJiy&lll - 623 M^kct Street, Saa Francisco.
CALIFORNIA NORTHVESTEBN RY. CO.
lessee;
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAY COilPASTT. •
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot ot Hariet St.
SAXT rEAIICISCO TO SAN SAPAEIm
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:33. 2:30, 3:40, 3:10, 3:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
StTNUAYS — 7:30. »:CO. 0:30. 11:00 a. m. : l:3O.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. l\.:30 p. m.
SAW RAPAEL 7O SAW rKANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— «:03. 6:50. 7:33. 7:00, 0:20.
11:13 a. ra. ; 12:00. *2:00, 3:40. 0:00, 6:20,
C:23 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:S0. 7:35. 0:1*0, 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
' 3:40, 4:50, 5:CO. 5:20. 8:10. 8:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna^ | Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:43 a 7:43 a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Igr.aclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 8:20 p
5:10p 3:10p 6:2O p 7:23 p
I 7:25 p|
7:30a 7:30a 7:43a] 7:43a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9 30 a Petalama, 6:20 p 6:20 p
3:10 p 2:30 p and 7:2&p 7:23 p
| 5:10 p Santa. Rosa.
7:30 a! 7:30 a 10:20a<10:20 a
8:0Oa 8:00a Fulton. 7:23 p 6:2Op
2:30 p| 2:30 p | 7:25 p
"Windsor, j
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburjr. 10:20 all0:20 a
Lytton. >
2:30 p 2:30 p GeyaervUle, 7:23p]T:23p
' Cloverdale. [
7:30 a 7:30 a[ Hopland 10:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p 2:"0p| and Uklah. 7:25 p' 7:23 p
7:30 aj 7:30 a| Wllllts. [ 7:23 p| 7:25 p
S.OOal 8:0O a\ Camp Vacation. 110:20 a'10:20 a
2:30pi 2:3Op| Guernevllle. i7:25p|6:20p
8:0Oa 8:00 a| Sonoma. |«:40a|8'40a
5:10 p 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00pj C:20p
7:30 a! 7:30 a| 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bra» for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for Whlta Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonerille and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelswyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake,
port and Bartlett Springs; at tTklah for Vlch»
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurei
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Point.,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerly'a,
Bucknell'jr. Sanhedrln Height*. Hnllvffle, Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoctno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. ITsat; at Wllllts for Fort Bra^g.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildlns.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYA.V.
. G^n. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
I CALIFORNIA
a LIMITED TO CHICAGO :
f i IctTd Monday* lad Thundmyt »t »- » »_m.
j,j TiroujhinS d»y»wV.h tMa«t»tad ail tupplagi. ¦
li Our other tnta* go it
U 7:38jui 1 for Stockton, Fresno.
f j t:3ftm > Cakersfleld. Mercti.
| 1:00PM I Hanford, Visalia. " f ||
1 4;B0fm tor Stock toa. [j
I 9:80pu for Kansas City aad Cnlcasro. !!
I Office. 641 Market St.. aad la Ferry M
| Depot; II 12 Broadway. Oakland. I]
I Trains leave Market Street Firry. ||
HT0 SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERCETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEIT DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6:43.
t»7-43, 8:45, 0U5. 11 a. m.. 12:20. n:45. 3:10.
415. 15:15. »«:15. 6:45. l». 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not rua t»
M SUNDAY9 AND LEGAL nOLIDATS_7.
tS t»9 1*10 11 tll:ao a. m.. |12:^ t*l:30.
2:35 •3:50. £>, 6. 7:30. 9, 11:45 p m.
Traiiis marked (•) run to San Quentla
Those marked (t> to Fairfax except 5:14 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays tho 3.15 p. m. train
TltOU^APAEl.TO SAN FRANCTSTO
wvek days 5:23. ltJ:25. 7:40, a. 13, .J :.!/>,
11*3 a. £ .12*0. 2:20, t3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:45.
tif-45 a m!7l2:50. 2:30. t3:23. 4:40, t3:30.
6:55. 7:33. 10:20 p. m. .
Trains marked <{) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days-5:45. 6:40. *:«•. 8=23.
8:43, 11:10 a. «n., 12:40, 2:43, 4:13, 5:10, 7:00,
10 8UN%AY!*-6:33. 7:53. 10/11:10 a. in.. 12:08.
1-05 240 3:45 4:53. 6:05. 7:10. 10:4O p. m.
i.ua. -.» . T jj ROUOH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days — Cazad-ro and way
stations. ,,„._-
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way station*. •
3:15 p. m., Saturdays— Caxadero and way
stations. ¦ • ••
Sundays aad Legal Holidays — S a. m.» Caa*-
dero and way «tatlors.
Sundays and LegaJ Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations. • < -
TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market at.
FERRY— Foot of Market St.:
MOUNT TAAiALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave I Ti» StsaUto Nrrr Arrir* =
S— Ptm. fwttOUrft*. SaaFraa.
Week San- Sun- WeS*
.^H , /Sfrdi^V o»r».
*:45*J *:OOa ft£fut2££« lUiUO* 57T5X
1j45p< »:OOa C25fcS!g!g3» l»:»0r3:3O*
11:3oa *-aa> _
fctert»ri«alj. ihti ftrtnl 9;3Oy,trrrwl7, ll:3Qr
ncur leaMAsur St.. (North Stem BaitandT
MFICB | and Sausauto Fkxz y Foot Ttfirhi tC
Weekly Call Simper YearErnest Selby Sommerville sued the
Union Iron Works yesterday for. $5000
damages for injuries received in a fall
from a scaffolding while he* was at work
on the cruiser California. He claims the
scaffolding was defective.
Claims Scaffolding Was Defective.
Fresno Logger Startles Court.
James Donohue, a logger from Fresno,
interrupted the proceedings In Police
Judge Mogan's cqurt yesterday by stand-
Ing up In the center of the courtroom
and shouting, "I'm Innocent of the fif
teen charges against me. It's an outrage
to keep me here." The Judge asked him
to come forward to the bench, but when
he got into the aisle he hurriedly left
the courtroom. Bailiffs Illckey and Ma
honey went after him, but he had dis
appeared. Donohue was arrested for
drunkenness on Thursday night and was
released yesterday morning with the
other "drunks." It Is thought that he
was on the verge of delirium tremens.
Word was received in this city from
Brocklyn. N. Y., yesterday that Emanuel
Wyttenbach. formerly a well known lith
npraphic artist In San Francisco, had died
of paralysis after a long illness. De
ceased leaves five cnildren, three of
whom, together with a brother and a sla
ter, are residents of this city. i>
Dies in Brooklyn.
Mayor Scbmitr yesterday s«nt a com
munication to the Park Commission re
questing that skilled artisans in the em
ploy of the commission be nald the same
wage* as are paid by private contractors
for similar work according to the union
whcdule.
Pay of Skilled ArtisansC
THE tragic final© of Bizet's opera,
"Carmen." with its love and in
trigue, Its blood and passion,
promises sooner or later to be en-
acted in real life. Such a fore
boding might be commonplace were it not
for the fact that the principal roles in
the cast of realism may be filled by actor3
whose production of the scene of jealousy
and fury under the glare of the calcium
has brought emotion and animation to
many audiences.
Signer Domenico Russo swears to slay
Signorina Estefania Collamarini, not as
he has slain her a thousand times mimic
ally before the footlights, but with the
vindictiveness of a lover driven to madness
by the pangs of desertion. As in the play
an Escamillo has come between these two
gifted people and little Russo with the
blood of a Don Jose In his veins would
have) revense for the loss of his Carmen
at the poniard's point. V '
Many times Russo and Collamarini have
worked side by side through the mimic
situations of playdom. Russo wooes and
wins his love, loses her to the daring
toreador and then appeases his wrath In
murder. Standing at the gates of the
circus at Seville he Implores the fickle
Carmen to return his love. When she re
fuses to hear his prayers he kills her In
despair.
Since leaving this city, where they ap
peared together at the Tlvoll Opera-house,
the story of their lives has been the par
allel of the opera in which they won
plaudits.
RUSSO IS RUINED.
Russo loved and still loves Collamarini.
They found each other years ago and
traveled together from Italy to this coun-
Events have transpired that drove the
tenor to penury and misery and he Is now
at a resort near Fairfax nursing a broken
heart and vowlnp vengeance. The gay
Collamarini. who went from here with
him, has proved faithless and Is now
basking in the smiles of another on the
Italian coast.
John Smith and Dennis O'Brien, ex
convicts and suspected saloon robbers,
were able to present a complete alibi
before Police Judge Fritz yesterday in
regard to the charge of robbery against
them by Harry Elmers, a grocer at 1345
Sacramento street, and' were discharged
from custody. »
The Judre remarked that there had
been no hold-ups in saloons since the ar
rest of Smith and O'Brien by Detectives
Dinan and Wren, but he could not legally
take cognizance of that fact as evidence
against the defendants. He also pointed
out that Elmers did not identify either of
the men when he first saw them In the
City Prison and it was not until three
days later that he Identified Smith.
Smith on leaving the courtroom was ar
rested by Detectives Dinan and Wren
and taken back to the City Prison, as
he la wanted on a charge of burglary in
Oakland. He was later taken across the
bay by Detective Holland. He Is ac
cused of having broken Into a room in
the Windsor House, at Ninth and Wash
ington - streets, Oakland, along with
George Dunbar, who was arrested at the
time. -'-I/
Charge Against Them of Bobbing
Harry Elmers, Grocer, Is
Dismissed.
BOTH SMITH AND O'BRIEN
ESTABLISHED AN ALlBI
General Manager W. M. Rank of the
North Shore Railroad Company yester
day Issued a circular announcing several
changes in the operating department of
that road. B. H. Fisher, superintendent
of the company having resigned his posi
tion owing to ill health, has been ap
pointed chief engineer, vice John Gray,
resigned, and will have charge of all
construction work and maintenance of
way. E. L. Braswell, asistant superin
tendent, has been promoted to the posi
tion vacated by Fisher, and E. II. Shoe
maker receives the appointment of as
sistant superintendent. The changes are
effective on September 20.
Changes on North Shore.
The demurrer to the petition of Frank
Russo for an order restraining the Board
of Public \ Works from interfering with
his bootblack stand on Seventh and Mis
sion streets was sustained by Judge Sea
well yesterday. He was given ten days
to amend and the temporary restraining
order Issued when the petition was filed
was ordered discharged. The demurrer
was on the ground that the petition did
not state sufficient cause for action.
Sustains Board's Demurrer.
Russo's friends have the greatest sym
pathy for him and are urging .him to for
get the contralto and commence life anew.
This he eays he cannot do and reiterates
his promise to some day or other furnish
the "Carmen" climax in reality.
Nor was this* all of Russo's troubles.
He disco\*ered that Collamarini had given
all his costly wardrobe away and taken
his jewelry, even visiting a Jewelry shop
and securing a watch that he was hav
ing repaired. Then the tenor found him
self without a dollar, but with the aid of
friends came to New York in the steer
age, hoping that he might find the wom
an there and call her to accoun|. When
he landed on the American shores he was
penniless and among strangers and a
search for Collamarini came to naught.
Then he turned toward San Francisco
and arrived a few days ago.
It was whispered that he came to take
a part in the production of "Carmen,"
which is to open at the Ttvoll next week,
but those who heard his words of bitter
denunciation, and yet of love, for the
woman soon found that this was not so.
"She will die like Carmen," he said, "the
first time I meet her on earth. We have
played the part before; then it will be
real." .,• . .
TAKES HIS JEWELRY.
Collamarlni's tastes run in the direction
of glittering gold and fine dress. She
was an expensive companion for Russo,
but he catered - to her every desire and
humored her every whim. What he
earned was hers to dispose of as she
liked.
When the couple left this city they
traveled for a time on tbe road, then
went to Italy. In the country, near Milan,
they purchased a small villa and lived
among the sylvan hills a life of compara
tive peace. Russo never suspected dis
loyalty on the part of the singer and It
was not until recently that he discovered
what portion of her love was given to
him. With the Innocence of a child he
obeyed her command one morning and
started on a Journey to a point fifteen
miles from the villa. When he came back
at nightfall she was gone and with her
a man whose opulence was well kndwn
in Milan.
try. For a time they were parted, but
were reunited in this city and filled an
engagement at the Tivoli. So great was
the tenor's affection lor the contralto that
In Carmen he played with a burning heart
and in an air of reality seldom Imparted
to the theater. In the love parts he was
spontaneous and when the end came he
created a thrilling scene. Every word he
.•'poke and every note he sang conveyed
a mersase the depth of which the audi
ence never fully understood. On the
stage as well as In life he worshiped the
woman as a uoddess.
The undercurrent of the entire lecture
was an appeal to the citizens of this city
to save Telegraph Hill. The speaker
pointed out the magnificent view to be
had from this hisrh eminence which over
looks the bay. He told of its history and
also dwelt on the fact that certain con
tractors are gradually tearing away this
landmark. Captain Fletcher appealed to
the citizens to expend some money and
pave this famous spot. He suggested that
it could be fitted up as a park and he be
lieved there was no choicer spot in this
rity for such a purpose. The lecturer
told of the effort? of the women of the
rity to save the hill from destruction.
Mr. Fletcher's lecture was as instructive
ss It was Interesting. His p*p*"r abound
ed In Incident and anecdote. The pictures
of the famed spots of the country were
thrown on a big screen and the audience
applauded fr^-quently.
Robert H. Fletcher Makes an In
teresting Address in Favor of
the Landmark.
Captain Robert H. Fletcher, director of
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art and
one of the literary men of the West, lec
tured before a large audience in the Al
hambra Th< ater last evening. His sub
ject was "The Beauty of Cities." It was
profusely m illustrated with pictures col
kctcd by Mr. Fletcher and members of
the California Camera Club, under whose
auspices the lecture was piven.
AFPEAiLS TO CITIZENS
TO SAVE TELEGRAPH HILL
SIGNOR RUSSO, THE TENOR, AND SIGNOttlNA COLLAMARINI,
WHOM HE HAS SWORN TO KILL. MAKING SCENE IN "CAR
MEN." AT THE SEVILLE ARENA, ONE OF REALISM.
He states that for years his ward has
been known as the son of Speck. He
was born in 1S95. His mother is Lena
Herbst, now Mrs. Helen Gardner. Ac
cording to the petition, the present where
abouts of young Speck Is unknown, he
being In the custody 'off his grandmother.
He has been cared for by her for many
years, or ever since his father placed him
in her charge. (
H. H. McCloskey, the guardian of Al
fred Speck, the natural son of the
late Andrew M. Speck, the real estate
dealer, on behalf of his ward yesterday
filed an opposition to the petition of
Sarah Ann Speck, mother of tho deceased,
for a distribution to her of the estate
of her son. He asks that the estate be
distributed to his nanl on j|ic ground
that he was publicly acknowledged by
Speck as his son and is therefore entitled
to be declared the sole distributee of the
estate. <
Claims His Ward Is Entitled to Es
tate of His Father, the Late
Andrew M. Speck.
ALFRED SPECK'S GUARDIAN
OPPOSES DISTRIBUTION
Truxtun Beale Is Not In
cluded in the Ver
dict-
Divorces for desertion were granted to
Hattle Van Horn from Meldin P. Van
Horn, Mary Boone from Walter S. Boone
and Katherlne M. Shaw from Richard
Shaw.
Desertion Is charged in the complaints
filed by George P. Ralston against Clara
A. Ralston, John Schmitt against Isabel
Schmitt, Jennie Lloyd against Hubert
Lloyd and Hattle B. Sparks against
Frank Sparks. Cruelty is the allegation
in the suits brought by Katharina Braun
ag-ainst John A. Braun nad Luvemle
Shelton against Edward G. Shelton.
Carrie Taylor Schultz is suing W. A.
Schultz Jr. for -divorce on the ground of
Intemperance. She avers that he owns
property on O'Farrel! street and Steuart
street worth $15,000. but is so fond of
liquor that he is incapacitated most of
the time for caring for it, and allows her
to suffer for the bare necessaries of life.
She says he can easily afford to pay her
$100 a month, and she asks the court to
allow that sum as alimony.
Josephine -Beck is the plaintiff In the
suit for divorce brought against Sigmund
Beck. She charges that he has neglected
her for more than a year and has com
pelled her to depend upon the charity of
relatives and friends for her support. She
was Josephine Stein when she married
him in June of last year, and she asks
that she be given a divorce and permis
sion to resume that name.
She says she made the purchases in a j
store directly opposite the hotel. While !
there she was Introduced by the saleslady i
to a gentleman who happened in., She'
chatted for a few moments and then re
turned to her waiting spouse, confident j
that she wvuld receive his praises for her !
speed and for the excellent taste she dis- j
played in selecting his wearing apparel, j
She was therefore greatly surprised, she !
says, when her husband in a towering I
rage demanded to know from her how i
many times she had been fn San Jose be- j
fere, and informed her that he had wit- 1
nessed her meeting with the gentleman {
in the store. Shocked and hurt .to think !
that her heretofore loving husband shou!d»|
think that she cared for another •
than himself and should display !
such Jea!ousy, says the plaintiff, )
she told him as best she could between
her tears that the meeting was accidental, J
that she had never been in the Garden]
City before they arrived on their honey
moon and had no interest In any man but j
himself. She says that he completed her j
humiliation by refusing to accept her ex
planation. He lost his temper and abused
her in' a shameful manner, calling her
names too indecent even for reproduction
in a divorce complaint. He kept It up
during their entire honeymoon, she says,
and has since their return to this city
been so cruel to her, even in the presence
of strangers, that she deems It for the
best interest of her health that she be
freed from the ties that unite her to him.
She says that it was only a few days ago
while they were preparing to -retire that
he showed her a loaded revolver and said
to her: "You see that. There are three
bullets here for you and two for me."
Elvlrs Giacopettl dates her marital un
happiness from April 28 of this year, or
Just two days after she became the wife
of Alberto Giacopettl. She says In a com
plaint for divorce filed by . her yesterday
that on that date, while they were In San
Joee on their honeymoon, she left her
husband to go out and buy him some col
lars and shirts, leaving him. in their room3
at the hotel.
Fully twenty-five attorneys were re
tained by the plaintiffs and defendants
In the various actions. The principal ones
were D. M. Delmas, Walter Linforth, P.
F. Dunne and H. C. McPike.
The Wrights of San Jose— My ra E.
Wright, her husband, W. H., and Frank
V. Wrlgfit— who for the last two years
have occupied the attention of the Su
perior courts In three different counties —
San Francisco, San Joaquin' and Santa
Clara— have settled all their differences
and have taken themselves and their
troubles out of the courts. Yesterday
more than forty dismissals of suits in
which the Wrights were plaintiffs and de
fendants 'sve re tiled in the of3ce of the
County Clerk here, and the announcement
was made that their various claims had
been adjudicated outside of the courts.
The announcement and the filing of the
dismissals is the closing act of one of.
the bitterest family rows that ever was
brought into the courts of this State.
It was early In 1901 that the three
Wrights first came into court. In that
year a suit was filed by Myra E. Wright
and her husband, W. H. Wright, against
Frank V. Wright to determine- the rights
of each in the holdings of the Jersey
Island Packing,- Company, in which the
three were interested. The defendant in
this action filed a counter suit, in which
he made charges equally as sensational as
those Incorporated in the complaint of
his brother and his wife. The actions in
volved the title to the possessions of the
Jersey Island Packing Company. Before
they were settled another action was
commenced, the second suit being due to
a tow over the actions of. Frank V.
Wright in connection with the Jersey
Island Dredging Company. This suit also
brought forth a bitter answer and counter
claim. Then came an action .over the
properties of the California A*sparagus
Company, in which the Wrights were In
terested. This was followed by a suit in
volving the assets and liabilities of the
Sah Jose Fruit Packing Company. The
last action brought was one to recover
posesslon of stock in the Bay and River
Dredging Company. The suit over the
holdings of the Jersey Island Packing
Company was bitterly fought, for it in
volved a large amount. It resulted in a
judgment for $S9,95S for Myra E. Wright.
The tntire property Involved is worth
5230,000.
After the jury had retired Attorneys
Dunne and Creswell for the defendants
l^ft the courtroom, leaving Attorney -C.
N. Durbrow to represent them. When the
Jury's verdict was read Durbrow asked
for a Ftay of execution for ten days,
which was gTanted.
In o€t<»nrir.in>r whether or not th? defend-
RT.r a'ted in pe!f-defrn«v» you nut determine
cr not th»y used more fcrce thnn
MCMtary in re*!stir.r attack. If the plpa
¦ ¦ f splf-dpfpnfc is not found t>> be supported
by the «>\idence you mast brine in conip^n
«!to^- <1ama«r^B Tor the p'.alniiff. If you b»
iieve that, after hc.ving their attention culled
to the «;i^2«-d scandalous article In the News
letter, tli* de'endants' tempers had time f>
rv| ofT before th?y committed the assault
then you may award exemplary damage* as
s runltive meafupe.
When he had finished Attorney Peter
Dunne for the defendants announced that
he was ready to allow the case to go to
the jury without anrument for the de-
f * nsi*. Judge Slops then charged the jury.
He spoke in part as follows:
Th* i^fenaar.t? allege in th'.» cat* that th»y
p f>mm!tt<>d the action rotr.Elaired tt in *eir
•lof^rsp and the assault va» made under {Treat
provocation. Th:« second point in thfir d?
f>n*«» p.-vi" a'.-ir." to the reduction o* exemplary
• •r t.unitive da:naees and <Jo«i not the
assault.
The celerity with which the jury came
to a decision was a surprise even to
Hiram and Albert Johnson, the attorneys
for the p^ifntiff- At 3 o'clock Albert
Johnson (iafshed his long argument.
Judge Sioss read a set of instructions t<»
the tvdm arbiters in the box. and they
retired at £:ri o'clock. In a naif-hour they
returned to rrccive further instruction
from tho Ji:cgc and to seek information
upon the actual amount of the com;*n
satory dimages sought by the complaint
«.! the plair-UfT. When their verdict warn
i«ad it became evident that the jury had
allowed Marriott the full extent of the
expenses which he claimed to have been
incurred as the result of the assault com
mitted upon him. To this they added an
extra J10,0>3 23 punitive damages apainst
Williams. After beirg dismissed the mem
!>e!8 of the jury stated that Beale was
cleared from the charge against him on
the first ballet taken, and that the effort
to malte the damagres agalnft William!!
preater-was defeated as a punishment for
Marriott's permitting the scandalous ar
ticle aea'nst Eoa'.e's a*3anccd wife to ap.
r<"ar in the News Letter.
When ilie court assembled yesterday
morning to listen to the closing argu
ments of the attorneys Beale and 'Wil
liams were not present. Albert Johnson
proceeded to deliver his address to the
Jury, and he occupied a full hour and a
half in the mprninp snd a like amount of
thp aftcrr.oon's session. He dwelt on the
question of the power of money to sub
vert justice, and sought to impress the
Jury with the fact that the two mlilioraire
<lefendant5 were confident of acquittal on
account »of their wealth and social posi
tion.
Ti*>. tfc:> jury is the above entitled a -ion.
find & verdict tn ftvor of the pia;utiff and
ageinst the defendrr.:. Thjsias H. WlKlaas.
for the sum of $Hi.7«J.
GEORCJH 11. ARlWfROSC, l-Vreman.
Aft«r deliberating for an hoi:r and twen
ty minutes the jury In the damage suit of
Frederick Marriott against Thomas U.
tVilliams and Trurtvin Bcale rendered the
CcSowSas unanimous verdict yesterday
afternoon:
Struggle for Control of Prop
erties Adjusted Out
of Court.
Dismiss More Than Forty
Suits in Which They
Were Engaged.
Thomas H. Williams
Must Pay $16,780
for Assault.
Husband Sees Bride of Two
Days Meet; Stranger
and Gets Jealous.
Divorce Suit Follows an
Introduction During
Honeymoon.
Deserted by Signorina Estefania Collamarini
Near Milan, Italy, the Tenor Swears That He
Will Kill Her Whenever the Two Meet Again
JURY DECIDES
FOR MARRIOTT
CHANCE MEETING
CAUSES TROUBLE
WRIGHTS SETTLE
THEIR TROUBLES
SIGNOR DOMENICO RUSSO
FINDS A LIVING CARMEN
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALli, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19. 1903.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '......
£ Convalescence
Recovery is hastened, health
restored and vitality renewed by
the use of
Tk e perfect malt tonic. A food
nj^^^^in liquid form. It quickly builds
SPARICLIN3 IE * '
fl 5? h and ti 88^-
- m^^^^m Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louie, V. S. A.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
. ... ¦ -
e Steamers !*ave San Fran-
cisco a« follows:
For Ketchlkan, "Wrangel.
.Tuneau. Halnes, Skagway. • ]
•>tc. Alaska— It a. m.. Sept. •
IS. 23, 2S. Oct 3. Change [
to' company's steamers at i
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver, ;
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett.- "Whatcom — 11 a. m., Sept. 1?.
23. 2S. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Tty.; at (
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancou- •
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30 .
p. m.. Sept. 10. 25, Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30 p. m.. ,
Sept. 22. 2S. Oct. 4.
.For I..OS Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and '
Re<3ondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Ro«a, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. ra.
For Los Angelea (via San Pedro and East ,
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz; Mon-
terey. 8an Simeon. Cayuco». Port Harford (San
Lujs Obl;po), Ventura and Hutnem*.
CVis Bay. 9 a m.. Sept. 22, 30, Oct. 8.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Sept. 18. 26. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. r.i., Tth of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Rl?ht Is reserved to change steamers or sail.
lnjr dates.
TICKET OPriCES— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf. ,
Freight office. 10 Market street. .
C. D. DUX A NX. General Tasaenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
« I i
O. /?, <& N. CO.
"Columbia" falls Sept. 20 30. Oct 10. 20.
SO. "George TV'. Elder" sails Sept. 25. Oct.
5. 15. 25. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to alt points,
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer rails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pase. Dept. 1
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
1 Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.) i
Steamers will leave wharf, corner Firsthand
Brannnn streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAM V
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hloso),
. Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for" India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing
-^. S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19 1003
S. S. NIPPON MARU '..
Thursday. October 15 1003
S. S. AMERICA MARU .'..
Tuesday. November 10 1303
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market utreet corner First
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
oecanics.s.co.i»3£
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Sept. 17, 2 p. m.
S S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, S«pt. 20. 11 a. m.
8.S. ALAMEDA. for-Honolulu, Sept. 26, 11 a.m.
4J. IFKttHS & BHSS.C8^ *|b..TKlil8nia,S4 J tartata
MjStKla.129 BarbtSUisrU. l.fvStlL
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m- 3:15 and S::» p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 9-Ahm- m., 8:30 p. mv Leave Vallejo,
7 a m.. 12«0 noon. 6.p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-,
day 7 am. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 15C6. Pter 2. Mlsalon-at. dock. ' HATCH
ADVSBTISZMZNTa.
The real heroines of every day arq in our homes. Frequently, h<Trr-
ever, it is a mistaken and useless heroism.
Women seem to listen to every call of duty except the supremo
one that tells them to guard their health. How much harder the daily
tasks become when some derangement of the female organs make?
every movement painful and keeps tbe nervous system unstrung?
Irritability takes the place of happiness and amiability ; and weakness
and suffering takes the place of health and strength. As Ions as they
can 'dracr' themselves around, women continue to work and perform
their household duties. They have been led to believe that suffering
is necessaiy because they are women. What a mistake!
The use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will banish
pain and restore happiness. Don't resort to strong stimulants or nar-
cotics when this great strengthening, healing remedy for women is
always within reach. ' . *
FREE MEDICAIi ADVICE TO TVOMEX.
If there is anything: in your case about which you "would 1Uir>
special ndvice, write freely to Mrs. Pinkham. No man will sec
your letter. She can surely help yon, for no person in America
has such :v wide experience in treating 1 female ills as she has hart.
She has helped hundreds of thousands of women back to health.
Her address is T^ynn, 3Ias>.. and her advice is free. You arc very
foolish if you do not accept her kind invitation.
For proof read the symptoms, suffering and cure
5 . recited in the following letters:
«' DEiR MB3. Pixkham : — I wish to express to you the great 'beneflt I
have derived from vour advice and the. use of Lydia E. Plnkham*s Vege-
table Compound. My trouble was female weakness in its worst form and.
* I was in a very bad condition. I could not perform my household duties, my
back ached. Iwas extremely nervous, and I could not eat or sleep, and tfce
bearing-down pains were terrible. My husband spent hundreds of dollar*
to get me well, and all the medicine that the doctors prescribed failed to do me
any good ; I resorted to an operation which the physician said was necessary
to restore me to health, but I suffered more after it than I did before ; I had
hemorrhages of the womb that nothing could seem to stop.
" I noticed one of your advertisements and wrote you for advice, I re-
ceived your reply and cnrefully followed all instructions. I immediately
began to get stronger, and in two weeks was about the house. I took eight
bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and continued
following your advice, and to-dtyr I am a well woman. Your remedies and
help are a* Godsend to suffering women, and I cannot find words to thank
vou for what vou have done for me." — Mrs. 'Louie V. Xaylob, 1328 N. J.
Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C.
"Dear Mrs. Phtkham: — I write to tell you what Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done for me.
" I was suffering with falline of the womb and could hardly drag abo^t.
but after taking five bottles of iiydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound I was completely cured. I am now a well woman and able to do all
my work.
11 1 think your medicine one of the best remedies in the world."— Mm.
J. M. Lei, 141 Lyndal St., Newcastle, Pa,
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — Iiydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has done a great deal for me. I suffered so much from falling of the
womb and all the troubles connected with it. I doctored for years with
doctors' and other remedies but received only temporary relief.
il I began taking your medicine, and had not taken it long before I rrnn
feeling better. My husband said that I should keep right on taking it as long
as it gave me relief from my suffering, as I could not expect to be cured bv
one or two bottles. I did so and am now able to be on my feet and -work
hard all day, and go to bed and rest at night. Thanks to your Vegetable Com-
pound I am certainly grateful for the relief it pave me. It is the mother's
great friend. I would not be without it in my house, for when I feel tired
or out of sort3 I take a few doses and feel all right.
" I would recommend your medicine to all tired mothers, and especially
to those suffering 1 as I was.'" — Mks. R. F. Chambers, Bonnet, Seb.
$5* fi«l ft FORFEIT if ¦wo cannot forthwith produce the original Setters xni sJgnatu-M of
?T4 fl ! S I " I ***'* t««sf imonials, which Trill prove the!r absnlut* rrontrwaas*
ADVEBTISEMENTS. V
/7 >v 'v 160,000 Already Sold
BEST SELLING BOOK of the YEAR
%£*^ Still listed among the best selling books
in the United States and in Canada and
TO-DAY THE BEST SELLING BOOK IN LONDON
T0 If IS <§@i! : PKGcorgeHoracelorimer
Universally Pronounced
The Wisest and Wittiest Book of its Generation
Just Ask for it To=day !
NOTB.— These letters should not be confused with
' any of the alleged "Letters from a Son to kis Self- ¦ £&^
made Father" which are not written by Mr. Lorimer. >v^\
and which are entirely unauthorised iyjiim, although '
their authors have appropriated the names of his tlr^^V
characters. Ck v^V
SMALL, MAYNARD * COMPANY, Publishers, BOSTON
- : OCEAN TBAVTX.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW T<H:K-SoL"i HAMPTON— LONDON.
Fhlla.Sept. 23. 10 am N»w York. Oct. T.1O am
St Louts. Sept.30.10 am IPhila. .. Oct. 14. 1U am
ATI. AH TIC TBAASrO&V XaZTZ..
Uew York — Lcsflon Direct.
Uinne'pl9.Sept. U8.9 am Majaba..Oct. 10. 9 am
Min'haha..Oct. S. 3 pm Mn'1'ka.Oct. 17.1 :30pm
Only FJmt-^lass Pa«ser.e«"s I Carried.
soMxzrxoar x.isrE.
Boston — Queenitown — Liverpool.
Cojnnwnwealth.Sept. 24 Colutnbns(new).Oct. 1.1
N«w England... Oct. 1 Commonwealth.. Oct. 22
Mayflower Oct. « New England.. .Oct. 23
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada. -Sent. 2«i Dominion Oct. 1<»
Southwark Oct SSouthxrark Oct. 1?
Boston Mediiorranaan Dl «*t
AZOBES-QlBKALTAS-NAPt^S-GENOA.
Vancouver 3»t.. Oct. 10, Nov. 21
Cambrotnan Sat.. Oct. 31. Dec. U
Wm »xa> STAB i.IKE.
ir«w Vox*— Antwerp— Paxlm.
Kronln<1.8ept. 2«.1O am'FJnUnd-.Oct. 10. 10 am
Zealand.. .Oct 3. lOamlVadMand.Oct. 17.10 am
z .. whits sia» uarx.
2T«w York — Qneeastowa — Llvtrpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Oceanic Sept 23 7 amiTeutonic.Sept. 30 noon
Cymric. Sept. 25. 8 am Arabic. Oct. 2. 2:30pm
Victorian. Cept. 29 noonlGermanlc.Oct. 7 noon
C D TAYLOR. Pasaenner A«ent Paclfle Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco.
1 IMPORTANT! |
2 Change of Sailing Date. *
: s.S. stTpadl, I
• For Nome and St. Michael |
• WILX. SAH. ON q
§ THURSDAY, September 24 :
• * 2 P. M. •
© Instead of. 29th Inst, as previously n
advertised. Jf
9 NORTTIERX COMMERCIAL CO.. O
q 6J3 Market St.. San Francisco. 0
C0X?A6OTS GESZEALE TBASSATLANTlQtXS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of. ff*fi£f*
Saturday at 10 a. m.. from Pter 42. ***^m*r
North River, foot of Morton st.
F'-rst-class to Havre. |7O and upward. P-c-
ond-class to Havre. $43 and qpward. GEN-
ERAl. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
rAN'\DA 32 Broadway (Hudson Bulldln«>.
vVwYork J F.-FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Vzents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
i wl zst® m m IrW^iWashington Circle's Anniversary.
The" Sultan of Morocco/who lives in daily dread of
assassination, has been added to the list of Old World
monarchs who do not like their jobs. He has, how
ever, one distinct advantage- over the others. The
miserable wretch who might seek to murder him
might be induced justly to reflect that the, candle is
not worth the game. There is some compensation in
being little in "a big place.
Refuses to Make Accounting.^
F. H. Lof tis, secretary of the Cof-
Farin Company, at 400 -Jackson street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge Ca
banlss yesterday afternoon for the arrest
of F. M. Morrison on a charge of felony
embezzlement. Morrison was until re
cently vice president of the company and
Loftls alleges that he collected $33 owing
to the company and has failed to make
an accounting.
The Feast of the Exaltation of the Holy
Cross will he celebrated In Holy Cross
Church to-morrow. At 11 o'clock solemn
high mass will be eune and .the sermon
will be preached by the Rev. Father Har
vey. For the occasion the choir will ren
der Haydn's Imperial Mass, with orches
tral accompaniment. At 4 o'clock in the
afternoon a large number of children will
receive the sacrament of confirmation and
the service will terminate with benedic
tion of the most blessed sacrament.
To Observe Sacred Feast.
The people of Panama indicate that they wish to
rebel against the Government of the United States
of Colombia because of the rejection of the canal
treaty, which meant so much of prosperity to the
people of the isthmus. It is not even within the
range of possibility that Uncle Sam would look upon
such a rebellion in any but the most complacent and
self-satisfied mood. We have some enemies that are
too annoying not to be noticed and too cheap to be
punished.
A large audience assembled at the
South Park Settlement Association's hall,
where a highly appreciated concert pro
gramme,'arranged by Miss Alice Rhine,
was rendered. The following were the
numbers:
Quartets. "Sweet Tender Flower," "Dinah
Doe"; songs, "Until You Come." "The Vio
lets," Miss Alfroda Tibbetts; violin solos, "Ca
vatlna," "Caprice," Rodolph Buckly; songs,
"Oh. Fair and Sweet and Holy," "My Laddie."
Miss May Lippitt; quartets. "Lullaby." "Ye
Spotted Sr.akes"; ftonRS. "Oh That We Two
Were Maying," "What Pity is Akin To," Miss
Grace Ewine: violin solo, "Simple Avowal,"
Rodolph Buckly; duet from "Stabet Mater "
Mlsa Lippitt and Miss Ewlng. '
Good Concert Programme.
School Director Walsh made an Inves
tigation yesterday of a complaint that
Japanese children were being received
into the Pacific Heights schools to the
exclusion of white pupils. Walsh found
that there are only eleven Japanese pu
pils in the Pacific Heights School, dis
tributed in various classes, and three in
the Grant School. Walsh does not con
sider the complaint warranted by the
facts, but will pursue his inquiry in other
schools. He is of the opinion that more
Japanese pupils will be found In the
evening schools and the Polytechnic
School, which, however, are not over
crowded. The only remedy would be for
the Board of : Education to establish a
special school for Japanese as in the case
of the Chinese, but this will not be done
unless Japanese pupils are in sufficient
numbers to warrant the expense.
Few Japanese in Schools.
On the excursion to Willlta next Sunday,
September 20, those who participate will have
an opportunity to view one of the grandest
sights in California. Beyond Uklah the road
runs through the valley for 'about ten miles
and then It commences to climb the mountain
range, the distance to the summit being seven
and one-half miles. As you go higher and
higher the country keeps opening out until you
have a view of miles and miles of valley for
ests and mountains. Wllllts Valley lies Just on
the other side and from the summit you de
scend into it. Wllllts Is the terminus of th»
road and in the midst of the redwood country
Mendoclno County lies at the doors of San
Francisco and 'this trip will afford our people
an opportunity to get an excellent idea of the
Immensity, beauty and grandeur of that county
Fare for the round trip. $3. Leaves Tlburoii
Ferry, foot of Market «t.. 7:.1O a. m.; leave
Willlts 4 p. m. Tickets on sale at 650 Market
ft. (Chronicle building) and at Tlburon Ferry. •
Over -the Mountains.
In most cases the resistance was strictly passive
and no attempt was made to interfere with the offi
cers in the sale of property seized for taxes, but at
times there were evidences of a feeling that may give
rise to trouble later on should the number of resisters
ever become large enough to encourage assort to an
active resistance in place of a passive one.
the movement in another issue the Gazette says: "In
large numbers of cases proceedings have not yet been
taken and several months must elapse before the full
extent of the resistance can be adequately measured."
A careful study of the summonses . shows that a
majority of the resisters who have thus far been
brought before the courts belong either to the Bap
tist. Congregational or Primitive Methodist churches,
but other free churches are well represented, notably
the Wesleyans. Some surprise has been felt at the
indifference to the issue of the Society of Friends, as
the members of that church were strenuous leaders in
the former battles against church rates. Members
WHEN the new education bill was under con
. sideration in Parliament a number of the
more earnest opponents of the feature of
the bill providing for the support of church schools
declared that if the Government undertook to collect
taxes for the support of such schools they would
refuse payment. The programme thus defined, be
came known as the policy of "passive resistance" and
was the chief object of political discussion in the
kingdom until Chamberlain's imperial tariff issue dis
tracted popular attention from the subject. The op
ponents of the measure, however, are standing by
their guns, and we learn from our London exchanges
that the passive resistance movement has already be
come formidable and is steadily extending through
out the country.
The Westminster Gazette deems the issue of suf
ficient importance to devote almost an entire page of
a recent edition to publishing a record of the sum
monses that have been issued to compel the payment
of taxes by the resisters. It appears that the first act
of resistance occurred on June 2, when four residents
of the parish of Wirksworth were summoned before
the local magistrates for refusing to pay the school
taxes. Warrants were issued against their property
and sixteen days later the sales took place without
disturbance. Since that time down to September 4,
the day of the publication of the Gazette, upward of
3000 summonses were issued and the number of dis
traint sales amounted to sixty.
PASSIVE RESISTANCE.
The open meeting, or social entertain
ment, given jointly by San Francisco Tent
of the Knights of the Maccabees and San
Francisco Hive of the ladles of the same
order. In Pioneer Hall last evening was
attended by more than 300 persons, the
majority being ladies. Under the direc
tion of Sir Knight Miles B. Schofleld there
was presented for the entertainment of
the members of both subordinates and
their friends a pleasing programme of
music, songs and recitations. The several
numbers were: Instrumental selections, by
the Maccabee Club of mandolin, guitar
and violin players, under the leadership
of Sir Knight Heidon; "How Mrs. Casey
Won at Euchre." recited by Mary Par
lolnl; barytone solo, A. A. Bradley; vocal
selection, by the Maccabee Ladies* Quar
tet— Mmes. von Seiberlich, Casey, Peters
and Boxton; violin solo, "Ave Maria." by
M. Rowan, recently of the Grau Opera
company; vocal duet, Mmes. Casey and
Boxton; instrumental duet. Archie and
Milton Smith, and selections, by the Mac
cabee Club. At the close of the pro
gramme the guests of the evening were
served with icecream and cakes, after
which there was a social time for an
hour.
Maccabees Entertain Friends
The Calendar Club gave an enjoyable
entertainment In the guild hall of St.
John's Episcopal Church, on Fifteenth
street, last evening. The programme
opened with a vocal solo by Mlsa Marlon
Cummlng. which was followed by a vio
lin and piano duet by Messrs. Jounjrer
and Laughlin and a vocal solo by Mr.
Jacobs. A farce. "A Happy Pair." In
which Miss Francis Van Reynegon and
Bert Allen played leading roles, waa
much appreciated. After the entertain
ment the floor waa cleared and dancing
was indulged In. A sumptuous supper
was then served and good-night was said.
The proceeds of these entertainments,
which are given, quarterly, go toward
defraying the debt of the church.
Calendar Club Entertainment.
An Oakland man recently secured a divorce on the
score that his wife was an inveterate. and uniformly
unlucky gambler. The poor man evidently forgot,
?.nd the Judge did not choose to remind him, that in
his marriage he took a more desperate chance and
exhibited a more thoroughly inbred gambling spirit
in serious things than ever his spouse did in her
objectionable hazards.
Vogelsang reports also that four Chi
nese were arrested at San Pedro yester
day for having small abalone in their
possession and were fined J30 each. P.
Naba of San Rafael was caught with
one quail in his possession yesterday and
fined ?30.
State Game Warden W. F. Gray of
Montana wrote to Vogelsang in reference
to the matter, and the latter ascertained
that Pulitzer was to return to the North
west shortly after the conclusion of the
Grand Army encampment. The sports
man was caught 600 miles from the point
where the alleged offense was committed
and was compelled to make the long
journey back In the saddle,. The trial
will take place September 26.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the State
Fish Commission acknowledges that he
was a party to the recent apprehension
of Joseph Pulitzer, son of the proprietor
of the New York World, for violating the
game laws of Montana, The authorities
at Helena discovered that' the young mil
lionaire sportsman had indulged his taste
for shooting too far, but he was then
coming to San Francisco.
Iiocal Game Official Gives Valuable
Information to Montana Authori
ties About J. Pulitzer.
AIDS IN APPREHENSION
OF A RICH SPORTSMAN
Consider Compressed Air machines.
The joint Supervisors Committee on ju
diciary and Streets reported back to the
board without recommendation the pro
posed ordinance restricting the operating
of compressed air cleaning machines on
the public streets. The ordinance Is de
signed to prohibit the operation of any
machine or engine on the streets for a
period of more than one hour at any
given point, provided, however, that th«
provisions of the ordinance shall not af
fect machinery uspd in the prosecution
of public work. The committee was of
the opinion that the ordinance in Its pres
ent shape is invalid In that it is dis
criminatory. Cleve Dam. representing the
labor unions, who are advocating the or
dinance, said he was willing to take
chances on its validity. T*-e subject was
made a special order for Monday, Sep
tember 2S. at 3:30 o'clock p. m.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.-The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco — T. W. Donovan, at the Bar
tholdi; E. R. Dumont and wife, at the
Holland: Rev. J. J. Gannon, at the Sin
clair; "W. P. Lawlor, at the Holland; B.
H. Llchtensteln, at the Plaza; P. M.
Maher. at the Astor; M. J. Silk, at the
Sinclair; L. Sloss, at the Holland; C.
Taylor and wife, at the Bartholdl; Mrs.
Wright and S. P. Young, at the Grand
Union; W. Cresswcll. at the Grand Union;
Mrs. M. C. Day, at the Manhattan; Miss
M. S. Le Breton and Mr?. A. J. Le Breton,
at the Albert: Miss J. Pollock and A. Pol
lock, at the Murray Hill: E. T. Smith, at
the Rossmore; C. J. Foster, at the Na
varre: J. W. Norris, at the Gilsey.
From Los Angeles— Dr. Armstrong, at
the St. Denis; N. M. Kerehurich. at the
Netherland; S. D. Most, at the Imperial.
Californians in New York.
FOR a good many years it has been evident that
the white man would have to take up the bur
den of Morocco. The country is an important
one by reason of its relations to the Mediterranean
and the Atlantic and because of the rival interests of
France, Spain and Great Britain. When Lord Salis
bury made his famous speech some years ago about
"decadent nations" threatening the welfare of their
sound neighbors it was well understood that he in
cluded Morocco in the list. In fact the Morocco
problem has been quite a factor in European diplo
macy for a whole generation, and there have been
times when it threatened to become a cause of war.
Of late years the problem has been slowly solving
itself. After the war with this country Spain was
eliminated from the list of possible controllers of the
country. That war clearly demonstrated that Spain
can no longer be counted among the nations capable
of bearing the burden^ of empire. Morocco must
then pass to France W to Britain, for it seems to be
agreed that it cannot be much longer left in the
hands of the present incompetent possessors. For
the country as a whole the British have not had much
desire, but they have been looking with longing eyes
on a good port and harbor opposite Gibraltar. Some
of their naval authorities have declared the once for
midable rock fortress to be practically valueless in
modern war. It is true no power can take it, but
then no power except Spain wduld have any wish to
take it. Modern ships can steam through the straits
without coming within reach of its guns, and accord
ingly it no longer commands the passage as it <lid of
yore.
What is needed now by the British is not a strong
fort like Gibraltar, but a base of naval supplies and
a good safe harbor at the mouth of the Mediterranean.
Such a post can be obtained either in the island of
Minorca or on the coast of Morocco, but can hardly
be constructed at Gibraltar no matter how much be
the money expended. The facts have been frequently
brought out in discussions of the Morocco problem,
and it has been suggested that Great Britain should
give France a free hand in dealing with the country,
provided France agree to permit the British to take
possession of such a harbor as they wish.
No announcement has ever been made of any
agreement between the two powers on that or on any
other of their many points of antagonism, but it has
been more than once intimated that such an agree
ment is quite likely to be effected. It would seem
from the reports of the programme of French inva
sion of Morocco that some sort of understanding has
been reached. There are many ways in which France
could gain British consent to her occupation of
Morocco even without the surrender of a port as a
British naval base, for there are vexatious claims of
France in the Nile territory and in Newfoundland
whose settlement would be very comforting to a
British Ministry. It is therefore not improbable that
the French expedition into Morocco may be the-be
ginning of the end of that African kingdom' and that
within a few years it may be definitely annexed to the
empire of France.
THE MOROCCO PROBLEM.
There is thus ample evidence in the statistics of,
industry and of population to confirm the statement
of Mr. Northern that the race issue as it exists in
popular imagination is largely a bugaboo. With the
increase of wealth in the South there will corns an in
crease of schools and an increase of effectiveness in
the rural constabulary, and then lynch law will be as
rare in that as in any other section of the Union.
/^ INCE so much attention has been given to the
recent speech of John Temple Graves of
Georgia in defense of lynch law it is but fair to
note that he docs not in any way represent the domi
nant sentiment of the white people of Georgia, nor
did he accurately present the relations of whites and
blacks to one another in that State. His assertion
that the two races cannot develop a good advantage
while in contact with one another and his plea for a
programme of separation by a removal of the negroes <
from the South have been promptly refuted and re
pudiated by such rewspapers as the Atlanta Constitu
tion and by some of the most eminent men in the
State.
The most elaborate reply that has been made to
Graves comes frdm W. J. Northern, a former Gov
ernor of Georgia and one of the most careful students
of the race problem. In an extended discussion of
the subject, published in a recent issue of the Consti
tution, Mr. Northern begins by furnishing proof that
.i majority of the whites of Georgia do not believe in
lynch law as a remedy for any crime whatever. He
says: "During my administration I had occasion to
make a very thorough' official investigation that fully
satisfied me that the people of this State as a body are
n the fullest sympathy with the administration of the
law and that they are ready to uphold it at any and
all hazard whatever the nature of the crime demand
ing punishment."
Referring to the fact that lynchings have occurred
:n Georgia with considerable frequency he says:
"There have been in this State and in every other
State considerable violations of the criminal code, but
that does not indicate that the people are not pro
nounced against such iniquities." He added that the
undue prominence given in the press and in public
discussions to lynching cases leads to a. misconception
as to their frequency and that such outrages are by no
means so common as uninformed people believe.
Passing to a general consideration of the relations
of the two races Mr. Northern says they are now less
antagonistic and more co-operative than at any for
mer period since the war. He closed by saying:
'"We are now putting all the idle negroes to work and
the better negroes are helping to this end. Vice and
crime have greatly decreased ar/.ong them and we
are practically free from trouble. Let us stop the
continued abuse of the negro and rather help him to
be useful to himself and to the community. Com
mend him freely and generously and publicly, if you
will, when he docs well, and punish him severely in
the courts when he is vicious, and let that be the end
of it. We have no occasion for a constant crying out.
We have peace and abundant prosperity. Just let us
say so, publish the crimes of the people if it is best,
but let us be sure they have been committed before
we sav so."
Statements of that kind coming from men of known
influence in the South are far more cheerful reading
than the lurid rhetoric of men like Graves, who have
liardJy any other desire than that of making a repu
tation as lecturers. The problem of the races in the
South it unquestionably a difficult one, but the diffi
culties are being steadily overcome by the silent
workers who are going bravely about their work
•vrhile the orators are talking. The prosperity of the
South, which is so abundantly evident of late
years, is itself a proof that the two races are effect
ively co-operating in all departments of industry.
Moreover the latest census statistics show that for
the first time in many decades the population of the
South increased between 1890 and 1900 ih about the
fame percentage as that of "the North. That .fact
shows that the Southern people are not migrating to
the North and West in anything like the numbers of
former years. If the relations of the races were any
thing like 60 bad aj Graves and others like him de
clare we should have had a larger and not a dimin
ished exodus of Southern people from their homes.
A SOUTHERN OFTIMIST.
Edward Bedloe, a former American
Consul In China and now the represen
tative of an Eastern newspaper, and E.
S. Liittle. also a correspondent, who have
been attending the Irrigation Congress in
Salt Lake, arrived here yesterday on a
pleasure trip and are registered at the
Palace.
Senator J. B. Curtln of Sonora is at the
California.
Judge J. W. McKinley of Los Angeles
Is at the Palace.
F. A. Boole, a prominent lumber man of
Sanger, is at the Palace
Samuel B. Stoy. an insurance man of
Portland, is at the Palace.
Senator James A. Tyrrell and wife of
Grass Valley are guests at the Occiden
tal.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, is do\*n from Sac
ramento and is staying: at the PalaCo.
Bank Commissioner Guy BarhanS of
Los Angeles and his bride of a few •weeks
returned from their honeymoon last even
ing and are registered at the Palace.
Edward E. McCall, a Justice of the Su
preme Court of New York State, arrived
at the Palace last night from Yellow
stone Park. He is making a tour of the
coast
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Amelia Harrington was not entitled
to any portion of the estate of John P.
Harrington. The evidence showed that
deceased and the plaintiff married
in Michigan, but that a separation took
place a few months thereafter. Mrs. Har
rington alleges that she thought that her
husband was dead and subsequently mar
ried James Carley.
Her contention was that the last mar
riage was void and that as the widow of
John Harrington she was entitled to a
homestead. The Supreme Court holds
that her second marriage was "voidable,"
but not void. Mrs. Harrington, or Mrs.
Carley, then, can get nothing from the
estate in auestlon.
The court also declared yesterday that
Sotoyome Tribe. I. O. R. M.. must i>.iy»
a certain amount In sick benefits to Oith
edine Schou. The plaintiff's husband waa
a member of the order. He became in
sane and died.
She attempted to secure the benefit.-.,
which were refused on the ground that
Schou's illness waa caused by overindul
gence in liquor. The rules of the order
provide that no benefits are to be paid
in such cases. It was not proved that
Schou's Illness was caused by liquor ami
the court says that the benefits must bo
paid. ; . ' •
Supreme Court Settles Two Disputes
in Which Bereaved Women Axe .
the Plaintiffs.
Our Filipino fellow citizens are clamoring for a
larger and more significant representation on the
Civil Service Commission which has been organized
in the islands. ' The man who gave this national snap
away and told the litUe fellows of the south seas of
our gigantic governmental bunko game should be
tried for high treason and executed as an enemy of
his people.
ONE WIDOW LOSES CASE
AND ANOTHER TRIUMPHS
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 19, 1903
J0H1? D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. %
/carets All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAXL. The Operator Will Connect
Ton With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION' OFFICE. . .Market and Third, §. P.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Honth. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* fcy M«il. Including PocUre (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), cn« year f9.00
DAILY ('JILL (including: Sunday j. 8 moatha 4.OI)
DAILY CALL— By Etegle Month 73c
fUNDAl CAlXs On» Te*r > 2JJO
v.tEKLT CAJLL. Oam Tear X.O<>
f Daily... S8.8O Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POETAOB \ Bandar.. ¦?•16 Per Year Extra
I Weekly. . 1.00 Per Year Extra
All Pottmaiten are authorized to receive
¦nbacrlptlona.
e*mpl« eoDlea wUl be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber! In ordering- change of address should b«
partteclar to give -both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to t&rure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKL.V.M) OFFICE.
1118 Drotdwir Telephone Main 1OS3
DKHKBLKY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone Xorth 77
C. GEORGE KnOGXESS. Manager Foreign Adrer-
Uslng, Sfarqnctte Ilufldltisr, CblcaffO.
(Lonc Distance Telepbooe "Central 2C19.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
M0UT0.N E. CKAMS 140Q G Street, If. W.
SEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
6TEPHEX IS. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
ORAKCH OFFICES— *27 Montgomery, corner of Clar. open
urtll 9:80 o'clock. 300 Hayea. open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
tlcAIIliier, open until 0:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S SO o'clock. fWl Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22S1
Harket. ccrcer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Va-
Uncia. open until 0 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. ccrntr Church and Duncan Btreett, open
ur.tll 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
. («r. until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 o'clock.
The board of officers of the First Regi
ment. L. C. C. announce a full-dress hop
on Thursday evening, September 24, at
Native Sons' Hall.
It is announced by telegraphic report
that Miss Ruth Bryan, daughter of Wil
liam Jennings Bryan, is engaged to Wil
liam Homer Leavltt, the artist who
painted her father's picture. Now, that
is really a very- pretty story. Artists are
dangerous things to have about, where
susceptible young girls linger — especially
when they wield an Inspired brush, 4 ds
did this young Lochinvar. Papa Bryan
has not yet substantiated the story of
the betrothal, but It Is safe to conjecture
what the spirited young miss will do if
worst comes to worst.
Not quite in keeping with the original
plan was Dr. and Mrs. Joseph Marshall
Flint's going away. Instead of starting
for the sylvan shades of Wyntoon after
their wedding, they quietly slipped over
to this city and went straight to their
new home on Green street, near Scott.
The following interesting programme
was rendered during the reception hours:
Jewel song from "Faust," Miss Helen
Heath; monologue, Miss Lillian Qulnn;
vocal solo, . Miss Vivian Bailey; vocal
solo. Miss Golden; piano solo ("Noc
turne," by Leybach). Miss Connolly.
After the rendition of these numbers a
dainty supper was served in Elks' Hall.
On Wednesday night the members of
the George H. Thomas Circle 'No. 32, La
dies of the G. A. R., presided over by
Mrs. Mary Merrill Miller, held an in
formal reception at Utopia Hall in honor
of Mrs. Belinda S. Bailey.
'¦ The guest of .honor has been recently
promoted to tho national presidency of
the Ladles of the G. A. R., and deep in
terest was manifested at this function,
the first held in her honor by her own
circle. -
Channing Auxiliary Is arranging with
Mrs. Louise Benson for a course of her
Interesting discussions on questions Of
the day and literary topics, to begin early
in October. Mrs. Benson's talks last win
ter were much, enjoyed by those privi
leged to hear them.
The following guests enjoyed the hos
pitality of Mr. Harrison: Mis3 Margaret
Anglin, Mrs. G. Livingstone Lansing,
Mrs. Frank Grace, Mrs. Josephine de
Greayer, Miss Frances Jollffe, Miss Vir
ginia Joliffe, Miss Helen do Young, Miss
Queenie Russell. Miss Howell, Henry
Miller, J. r>. Phelan, Frank Grace, L.
Nethersole, Donald de V. Graham, J. C.
"Wilson, Mr. Burnett, Charles de Young,
A. Joullln and A. Dalton Harrison.
The decorations were strikingly attrac
tive, an electric fountain in the center of
the table scintillating brilliantly. Water
lilies and La France roses Jent their
beauty and fragrance to the festal board,
and a mass of maplo leaves, with their
deep green, accentuated the delicacy of
the blossoms.
Amadee Jouillin had laid his skillful
brush upon the guest cards with very
happy results, and during the evening
presented the guests of honor with a se
rious bit of his skill— a work In oils.
A charming supper was given on Thurs
day night in the red room of the Bo
hemian Club' by William Greer Harrison,
complimentary to .Miss Margaret Anglin
and Henry Miller. Seldom has a func
tion been* held beneath this rooftree ot
good fellowship that was more In keeping
with the congenial atmosphere identified
with these hospitable walls.
The food committee will also take up a
proposed modification of the standards
for ketchup^ and baking powders as a re
sult of so*hie samples being found deficient
In certain requirements.
Green believes that the Increase In but
ter fats will be' of Interest to the con
sumer and the decrease in solids, not fat,
will be of interest to«the seller of milk.
Green is not as yet prepared to make any
recommendation regarding the specific
gravity to be reaulred and does not ex
press any pronounced opinion as to
whether a change In that connection is
advisable. He says that very few ar
rests " are made for deficiency In total
Bolids In milk.
Green has made a number of analyses
recently as a result of milk raids by food
inspectors and states that the milk has
been found In the majority of cases to be
pure. No arrests were made in the last
raid, when fourteen samples were taken
for chemical examination. None of the
samples examined contained any forma
line. .
Professor Green, after exhaustive an
alyses of milk samples, covering a period
of many years, is prepared to recommend
that the present requirement of 3.2 per
cent for butter fats be increased to 3.4
per cent and on the other hand that the
existing exaction of 8.8 per cent for solids
not fats be reduced to 8.07 per cent, and
the food committee. It is understood, is
favorable to Green's recommendation.
This will change the present specifica
tion of 12 per cent for total solids to 11.47.
which Professor <2reen believes should
rule, 'owing to the peculiar conditions
existing In the milk industry of this city.
He points to the fact that owing to the
lengthened dry season pecullaryto this
coast it is a hardship to exact such a
high percentage in solids not fat in milk.
The Board of Health has under con
sideration a proposed change In the pres
ent milk standard and In all likelihood a
revision of the same will be put in effect
at no distant date. The matter has been
referred to the food committee of the
board, consisting of Drs. Lewltt and
Baum, who are In consultation with City
Chemist Green regarding the contem
plated modification.
Kxpert Cyril Williams ascertained yps
terday that an error has been made in
calculating the SO per cent Increase mado
by the State Board of Equalization on
San Francisco's total assessment of $427,
&11.64S. According to the Pdlittcal Cod««.
there is exempt from any raise which
may be made by the board named all
moneys, solvent credits, mortgages, deeds
of trust, contracts and other obligations
by which a debt is secured, it beins the
law that such assessments have a stable
value.
Williams has figured tr.at the raise of
30 per cent should be calculated on the
total roll less moneys, solvent credits,
etc., which would be as follows:
Real estate . . .' '^J'^'?^
Improvements 9S.»S*.1W)
Personal property other than money •
or solvent credits ai.5w.4uJ
Total subject to ra!«> fKM.W3.3JO
Thirty per cent Increase 11S..I...«7>>
Assessment by Board of Equal
ization $512.230.2'k.
Money, no! vent credits, etc., ex- rr
empt from ratse ,. 33..^H).0M>
Grand total assessed valuation $543,833.32*
Auditor Baehr is In receipt of a circular
from the State Board of Equalization giv
ing formal notification of the raise in the
assessment roll of this city, which con
tains the following Instructions:
In all cases -where the property Is subject to
a mortgage or trust deed the percentage of
increase must flr»t be added to the. asanwrnent
of the property affected and the deduction
made from the increased aysesment, and the
change must correspondingly be made In thi«
total vaiue column, otherwise there will be a
less amount of taxes raised than is necessary
for State purposes. To illustrate, if a man is
assessed for JtOOO on a tract of land subject
to a mortgage of $.VX> the "'> per cent In
crease would apply to the total valuation of
$1000 on the theory that the property has been
undervalued, so that the owner would pay
taxes on JGOO not covered by mortgage, plus
$20o raise, or $S0O. the mortgage of $500, of
course, to be assessed to the mortgagee.
The popular demand that the proposed issue of
these bonds, made a lien on the city, be voted down
and that another proposition be submitted making
them a lien on the road alone is not in opposition to
public ownership at all, but is rather in favor of it by,
forcing it into such strict business lines as will con
tribute to its success and lessen the chances for its
failure. If the Examiner can conjure any reasons
why this should not be done let it conjure and print
the result of its divinations in large black-faced type
on :ts editorial page, that the taxpayers may know
what it thinks it thinks about the matter. If
William Randolph Hearst will not buy the bonds
when based on the road only, why not?
As far as The Call's position is concerned it is un
affected by any speculation as to whether the road
will be operated by the city at a profit or a loss. We
merely insist that the bonds to acquire it be a lien
upon the road only and not upon the city. If the
Examiner have any objections to that it will please
state them and come down out of the air and into
Geary street. It is now quoting Mr. Horace Platt's
figures of the private operation of the road to show
that it will pay the city a profit. Mr. Platt's figures
are made upon what the road is doing and may do
under private ownership. They are positively no
proof that it will do better or worse under public
ownership.
We insist that the history of public ownership in
this country proves by analogy that the road will do
worse under public ownership, but that has nothing
to do with the demand of the taxpayers that the
bong's shall be based on the road and not be a lien
on the city. In Massachusetts eighteen cities were
lighted by gas and electricity by private companies.
Under the law of that State when public ownership
is undertaken all private property in the same line
that might compete has to be taken over, as in
England, so that public ownership shall have no pri
vate competitor. In the eighteen cities in question
the private companies were all making a profit. The
same cities have now had several years' experience in
public ownership, with the result that the cost of light
is double what the private companies charged, and
yet there is a heavy annual deficit that has to be met
by general taxation.
We are only holding aloft the lamp of experience.
San Francisco may be an exception in public owner
ship and may net a profit where other cities have
netted a loss. No man can say whether this will or
will not be the result of the experiment here. The
real opponents of public ownership are those who,
like the Examiner, insist upon an unbusinesslike be
ginning by wanting to burden the whole city with a
debt which the Geary-street road should bear alone.
The city proposes to go into the business of run
ning a street railroad and to do it just as a private
corporation would, by issuing bonds. The Exam
iner seems to think that it thinks the city will not
own the road unless these bonds are a lien upon the
city and not upon the road. By parity of reasoning
the private corporation would not own its property if
the bonds for it were based upon it alone. This is
rank nonsense from any business point of view. 1/
Mr. William Randolph Hearst is willing to buy the
bonds issued as a lien on the city, why is he not will
ing to buy them issued as a lien on the road alone?
He says: "If experience should prove that the city
cannot run the road at a profit there will not be much
lost" if the bonds are a lien on the city. We reply
that if the bonds are a lien on the road alone there
will be nothing lost if, as he says, private parties will
then be willing to lease it at a high price, for the
rent of the property must then pay the bonds and
interest and the taxpayers will lose nothing. .
THE Examiner, in the body of a page displayed
in large type, returns to a discussion of the
Geary-street Railroad bonds, in which it says:
"The opponents of the acquisition of the road make
the objection that it will cost the city more to run it
than the road will bring in."
THE GEARY STREET BONDS.
SUPPER GIVEN
IN BOHEMIAN
CLUB RED ROOM
HEALTH BOARD
MAY REVISE TRIE
MILK STANDARD
ASSESSMENTS
EXEMPT FROM
THE RAISE
It will be remembered that when the tariff question
was precipitated by Mr. Chamberlain some of the op
ponents of the education bill declared that the new
issue had been raised solely for the purpose of evad
ing the educational issue. The charge was unfair,
but there can be no doubt that the Ministers were
quite glad to get away from the denominational con
troversy which was threatened. Even as it is, how
ever, there is going to be trouble with the law, and in
some localities the struggle between the magistrates
and the resisters may become quite serious before
all is over.
of the "Passive Resistance Committee" are quo\gd as
saying that upward of 400 local leagues have been
formed to resist the tax and that the movement is
In describing the manner in which the distraint
sales are received by the public the Gazette says:
;\ "There was some feeling displayed at a sale of the
goods of Passive Resisters at Colchester yesterday,
the Rev. T. Batty, a Baptist minister, and the Rev.
Pierrepont Edwards, locally, known as 'the fighting
parson,' entering into discussion in the auction room,
but being stopped by the auctioneer, who said he did
his work during the week and he hoped they did
theirs on Sundays. At Long Eaton the goods of
twenty-three Passive Resisters were sold amid demon
strations of hostility to the auctioneer. A boy was
arrested for throwing a bag of flour. Six distress
warrants were issued at Loughborough, in Leicester
shire, while at Brighton the magistrates made orders
in nearly one hundred cases. There was much
demonstration in the court, the magistrates after one
•outburst leaving the bench and ordering the room
to be cleared. Some people were put out, but others
clung to their seats and would not move. The chief
constable appealed to all to leave quietly, but realiz
ing the ugly aspect of things^ he consented to act as
mediator and ask the magistrates to proceed on the
understanding that there was no further disturbance.
Thus the situation was saved."
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call,
#«mia street. Telephone Main . 1041 •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic ftre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg •
Alameda has in her County Jail a man who has been
waiting twenty years to be tried on a charge of mur
der. Let him read the results in recent Oakland
trials for murder and he will demand judgment on
the spot. Oakland is notoriously good to those' that
injure her
If one is to judge from reports which find-promi
nence in the press these days ability' for some women
of the American stage spells scandal. For some
actresses the guarding of their good name is in an
inverse ratio to their advancement in their profession.
And it is a bad manager and a worse theater that
will employ a woman who pleads such notoriety as a
bid for public popularity. \
A large,' number of people attended/the
anniversary entertainment given last
night In Golden Gate Hall by Martha
Washington Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America. The affair con
cluded with dancing under the direction
of S. Bchweitzer as floor manager.
6
. THE CAJLL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent dexn immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a close on Septem-
ber 24.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAIR SOFT AS SILK.
New Scientific Treatment Kills Dan-
druff Germs, and Hakes Hair Soft.
It is an accepted fact, a proven fact,
that dandruff is a germ disease; and it Is
also a demonstrated fact that Newbro's
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ. "With-
out dandruff falling hair would stop and
thin hair will thicken. Herpicide not only
kills tb* dandruff gcjm. but it also makes
hair as soft as silk. It is the most de-
lightful hatrdressing made. It cleanses tho
scalp from dandruff and keeps it clean
an* healthy. Itching and Irritation are in-
stantly relieved and permanently cured.
There's nothing "Just as good." Take no
substitute. Ask for "Herpicide." Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich. "
LISTEN
To the man who tells you that the United
States Laundry turns out perfect work.
He knows, because he's given us a trial
—and that's all any man'll require who
has the knowledge of what good launder-
infj Id.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OmCE 1004 1UBXET STSSXT.
Jv.- ear Pnwall.TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails.) Pier.
September 19. I
Alliance....' Eureka & Coos B-. 6 pm|Pier 16
Samoa j Los Angeles Ports. 10 amjpier 2
Centennial.. Seattle & Taeoma . C pmiPlcr 2
Argo ] Eel River Ports ... 4 pm I Pier 2
Rival ' Wlllapa Harbor... 4 pmfPler u
Pomona.... I Humboldt 1:30 p| Pier g
Pt. Arena.. , Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier a
II. K. Maru China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 20.
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. ,0 am Pier ID
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandill am Pier ''4
Mariposa... Tahiti Direct Ill am Pier *7
September 21. I
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford] 4 pm Pier 13
Chlco ... Coqullle River ...I Opm Pier U
Olympic Whatcom & Falrh'n] 4 pm Pier 2
8. Barbara. Seattle * Olympla.l 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 1.1
September 22.
Redondo.:.. Los Anjjeles Ports. 3 pm Pier -
Chins Wo.. <~hlna & Japan 2 pm Pier 27
Iaqua Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
corona Humboldt ll :30 p Pier a
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 13
September 2a
•Fan Pedro.. Humbnldt 4 pm Pier •»
Arctic... ., Humboldt 10 am Pier 10 I
cmiitilla... Puget Sfiund- Ports. Ill am Pier a
September 24. j i
St. Paul... Nome & St Michael | 2 pm Pier 20 '
htate of Cal. San Diego & Way. si am »>ler l»
Luxor Hamburg & Way. . 2 pm Pier 27
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
r. September 25.
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Mlnnetonka New York direct Pier 23
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Q. W. Kldel Aenria * Portland. 11 am Pier £4
September 2O. ..
Bonlta Newport Way Pts. 0 am Pier 19
Chehalis... Grays Harbor I 3 pmlPIer 2
Newburg .. Orays Harbor ....| 4 pm|Pler 10
City Sydney N. Y. via Manama. ]12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
September 2.S.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
September 20.
China China* Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado... Orays Harbor ."... 4 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sao
Steamer. For. I Balla.
Meteor. ...'.... Nome & fit. Michael... Sept. 20
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Cottage City. . Ekagway & Way Ports Sept. 20
Nome City. . . . Nome /Sept. 21
Humboldt.... SkaKway & Way Ports. Sept. Ul
Valencia Nome Sept. 22
Dlrlso Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 23
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 20
AI-Ki .*. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 20
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 28
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Sept.' 28
LINCOLN ROCK LIGHT STATION, page 48
No. 222 (Llet of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast. 1903. page «»)— On the 10th of Septem
ber. 1903. a fixed white lens lantern light was
<>stabIlEhed on a small island KB. of Lincoln
Rock as a guide for vessels navigating Clar
ence Strait. The light is shown from a tem
porary platform about 25 feet above the water
and will be discontinued, after due notice
when the light at Lincoln Rock light station
goes Into operation.
Left tangent to CofTman Island, SW. 94 S
(westerly); left tangent to Blaake Island W.
% S.; left tangent to Marsh Island, NW U, N.
The following change affects the List of
Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1903
page S9: .
TONGASS NARROWS.
TONGAES NARROWS ENTRANCE ROCK
BUOT, a R. and B. H. 8. second-cl&ss nun,
was- established September 4. 10O3, to mark a
rock recently discovered having but lfl feet of
water over It at lower low water. The rock
Notice is hereby given of the* following
change In tn<- aids to navigation In this dis
trict, which anTects the List cf Lights and Foe
Signals. Pacific Coast, 1903:
CLARENCE STRAIT.
Notice to Mariners.
\LASKA
A General Cargo for London.
The British bark Inverefk was cleared for
London yesterday with a general merc&ndise
carKo, valued at $lso,07.S and including the fol
lowing: 4!i,701 rs canned fruit. ,*.f0 cs canned
ealmcn. tw,s cs canned asparagus, 840 cs anricot
fi 1 ! P - "-44O ctls barley. 11.117 gals wine, 4G
Jibls pickles. 5 cs mustard and 172 cs sheep dip
The vessel alRO carried 18.000 ft lumber as
dunnage, valued at $330. . - •
The British ship Windsor Park (at Portland)
is chartered for wheat and, or flour thence to
one port in South Africa at 20s; if to two
ports, 21s 3d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shippings Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Colon for Panama.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Colon
will sail to-day for Panama and way ports.
title will take ten |>apttfngere.
Michael Cfcnway, a nreman. dlod at his post
on hriard the steamship City of Puf-bla ye.s
trrday Just «» that vessel wan passing out of
the heads. Captain Jepson returned and landed
the body for burial ashore.
Dies at His Post.
The American ship Susquehanna. which ar
rlvfd^ rhi:r.«<Iay evening 124 days from Balti
more, brought ."fC56 tons or coal. She encoun
tered home heavy storms during the passage,
and reafhed port somewhat the worsj lor
wear. During one of the storms a sailor fell
from the upper topsail yard. In falling he
?crabbed tho ma:n brace and reached the deck
unscathed. Jn the Kame gale the boatswain
received injuries from .which he subsequently
died.
Had a Rough Trip.
" Bl ., „ Friday, September IS.
Stmr San Pedro, Johnson, 26 hours from Eu
reka, bound south: put in to land passengers
Stmr Centralia, Ericcson, 31) hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. 24 hours fm Eel River
Stmr South Bay, Jamieaon, 42 hours from
San Pedro.
Rtmr WfBtport, Smith, 18 hours from West
port. '
Stmr Santa Cruz. Glelow, 11 hours from
Moss Landing.
Htmr Chico, Jensen. 49 hours from Bandon
Bark B P Cheney, Mohler, 17 days from
Naknek.
Schr Stanley. Wallstcdt, 38 days fm Ohkotsk
Sea.
Schr Fortuna, Olsen. 3 days from Eureka.
Schr Advent. Ol»en. 4 days from Coos Bay
Schr Sacramento. Mercer, 4 days from Slus
law.
CLEARED.
Friday, September 18.
Stmr Centennial, KUt&aard, Seattle- E T
Kruse.
Stmr Santa Roea, Alexander, San Dle«ro- Tun
Coast S S Co. B f c
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pac Coast
S 8 Co.
Br bark Invereek, King, London; Q xy Jic-
Near.
Fr bark Brlzeux, Gourio, Queenstown 1 Glr
vln & Eyre.
• SAILED. .
» ' Friday. September l'S.
Stmr Bonlta, Alberts. San Pedro.
Ktmr Ban Pedro, Johnson, Redondo.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria,
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Point Arena.
Stmr South Bay. Jamleson, Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendoclno.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler, Needle Rock.
Stmr Centralia. Ericsson, Grays Harbor.
Htmr Santa CruJs, Glelow, Port Harford
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Del Norte., Green. Crescent City.
Br ship Matterhorn, Warner, Antwerp. ..'.• '•';
Schr H C Wright. Nielsen, Mahukona,
Schr John A, Olsen, Eureka.
Schr Bella, I^azzarcvlch., Sluslaw River. ;»•'.-
Schr Guide, Olsen, Tlllanjook Bay.
Schr Mary Buhne. Dannft-Ig. Eureka.
Schr Bessie K, Merriam, San Vicente Land-
Ing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — Sept 18. 10 p m — Weather
thick: wind BW: velocity 8 miles per hour.'
MISCELLANEOUS.
Stmr City of PUebia, hence this morning for
Victoria, returned to the dock to land a sick
n " in " '' DISASTER.
MAZATLAN. Sept IS— Br ship Wemysa Bay,
bound from Newcastle. Aus, for Mazatlan, is
a total loss here; no further particulars.
SPOKEN.
Sept 17—00 mile« NW of Cape Blanco, strnr
Francis H Leggett with log raft ih tow; wind
light NW; sea moderate.
V MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Stanley — June 27, at Oollegk (Oh
kotsk Sea). Eric Raymond, a native of Sweden,
aged 25 years.- died on the beach .from exposure
and cold.- April 20— Thomas W»l!amg, a native
of California, aged 40 years,' jumped overboard
and was drowned. Sept 14— (300 miles NW of
Ban Francisco, saw a four-masted ship steer
ing east, domestic PORTS.
REDONDO— Sailed Sept IS— Brig Tanner,
for . 1
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 18— Ship
Branch . Hydrographlo Office, \J. S. N., Mer
chant** Exchange. San Franciaco. Cal
September 18. 1903: '
The time ball on the Ferry building wa*
dropped exactly at noon to-day. I. e at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time ft J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. In charge
-_•
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Time Ball.
The Hongkong calls at Manila this trip, and
among the passengers for the Philippine port
will b<» a number of Government officials, civil
and military. Of the freight about KjOO tons
ffot-s to Mani.a. The cargo include* 12W tons
of flour and treasure valued at $300,000.
Th* Japanese steamship Hongkong Maru
sails at 1 o'clock to-day for the Orient crowded
with liaFFengers and carrying .'{400 tons of
freight. In the cabin the Hongkong will take
eighty-five passenger*. Among them will be
P.arrn v..n Ljw«-nstPin, nn» of the officials of
the Hamhurs-Amprican line.
Takes Many Passengers.
Steamer. from. Due.
Iacjua Humboldt Sept. 1S»
Arcata Coos Kay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 10
Edith Seattle Sept. 19
Kureka Humboldt iS.-pt. 1'J
City Peking.. . ilnna & Japan. Kept. 1U
Uinatllla Puget Sound Ports. Sept. IS
Cocs Hay t-'an Pedro &. Way Pts. Sept. 10
Arctic Humboldt Sfpt. 20
Corona Humboldt Sept. 20
Luxor Seattle ISept. 20
San Matec... Tacoma JPept. 21
P. Barbara San Prdro [Sept. 21
Olympic San Pedro |S*pt. 21
State Callforn San LUego & Way Pta.. Kept. 21
S. Portland.. Portland fc Astoria ... Sept. 21
J. Dollar Seattle ft Tacoma Sept. 31
Redonrto Humboldt Sept. Tl
Nkwbtirg .Grays Harbor Sept. 22
F. H. L*geett. Portland Sept. 22
G. Lindauer-- Grays Harbor Sept. 22
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 22
«. W. EUer... Portland & Astoria Sept. 22
San Pedro San Pedro Sept. 23
Czarina Coos Bay Sept. 23
S. Monica.... IGrays Harbor Sept. 2:1
Cbehalis iGrays Harbor |Sept. 2:<
Pomona | Humboldt |Sept. 23
Bonlt-i Newport & Way PortsjSept. 23
Newport Ntw York via Panama. iSept. 23
Santa Rosa ... San Diego A Way Pts. Sept. 24
Point Arena... Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Sept. 24
Queen PuRet Sound Ports . Sept. 24
Coronado Orays Harbor Sept. 25
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 25
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 27
Ventura Sydney &• Way Ports.. Sept. 2%
Doric China & Japan Sept. 28
IriK Hamburg & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Rainier Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 28
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 28
Archie Beveridpo. a printer, was book
ed at the Ciiy Prison yesterday on a
c hare* of forgery. A charge against him
of attempting to obtain money by fais<5
preu-nses was dismissed by Police Judge
Mngan. Bcveriflge had been employed as
a printer by Sanoorn, Vail & Co.. but was
recently discharged. He made applica
tion to the D. H. Tolman Company,
money lenders in the Parrott building, for
a Joan of $190, representing himself as
August Blr.mberg. foreman of the print
ing department of Sanborn, Vaii & Co.,
hut the fraud was discovered before the
money wr.s advanced. The forgery charge
i* for rigning Blumberg's name to the
application for the loan.
Now Charged With Forgery.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front <MUslon-str*et wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height of
tide Is the same at both places.
_ SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10.
Sun rises 5:54 a . m .
Sun sets 6:12 p. m.
Moon rises 4:00 a. m.
O Time Time 'Tlmel Time
£ Ft. Ft. [ 1 Ft. Ft.
» L W H XV JL W| H XV
19 3:321 0.0110:20 5.4 3:511 1.6jl0:14| 3 7
20 4:2ll 0.2|10:5S 5.0 4:411 1.011:08 5.tf
21 5:04| •0.5|ll:33| 5.71 fl:29[ 0.71 ."-... f
H \V| L W H W L W
22 0:00 5.5 5:45 0.8 12:12 T..7 «:17 0.5
23 0:5S| 5.3 0:2rt 1.2 12:52 5.7 7:04 0.1
24 1:511 5.0 7:07 1.7 1 :.12 5.fl| 7:55 0.4
L'.*> 2:4»f 4.7 7:52 2:2 2:17 5.4| 8rS3| 0.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early -morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to tlnle; th»
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when the number.'
given Is subtracted 1 from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the" meaa
of the lower low waters.
The finding on Queen Charlotte Island
of wreckage and a boat marked "Cath
arl" caused the posting yesterday of the
Norwegian bark Catharina at 20 per cent
reinsurance. The Catharina is bound
from Puget Sound for Delagoa Bay with
lumbtr and Is now out 10S days. She is an
iron bark, sheated with wood; she is reg
istered at ?P0 tons net and was built in
1SS3. She is commanded by Captain Sam
uelsen. There was no change in the rates
of ether overdues.
THE British ship Wcmyes Bay,
bound from Newcastle. Austrialla,
for Mazatlan, Is reported a total
loss at the latter port. The
Wetnyas Bay is a vessel of 1409
tons and was built in 1S82 at Glasgow.
Sh< was formerly the City of Madras.
Her commander is Captain G. W. Mc-
Laren. In the cablegram received at the
Merchants' Exchange nothing was said as.
to the fate of the crew, who are presumed
to have been saved. The ship had a cargo
of coal.
is In ranRo with the timber on the NE. point of
Splrr Island ami right uangent of Walker
[•land.
Right turgrnt to Bold Island, E. % S. ; rifjht
tangent to Race Point. RE. S. : left tangent
westerly Blank Island, BSVfi M W.
By . order of the Lighthouse Board.
C. O. CALKINS, Commander. U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Tp ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
AMERICAN SHIP SUSQUEHANNA, THAT ARRIVED THURSDAY NIGHT 124 DAYS FROM BALTIMORE, AFTER
EXPERIENCING AN EXCEPTIONALLY ROUGH VOYAGE. THE BOATSWAIN DIED OF INJURIES RE
CEIVED DURING A STORM, AND ANOTHER SAILOR NARROWLY ESCAPED DEATH.
Captain Bcrmingham stated in his opin
ion that this was the first case of the kind
that had come to hi? notice; that the
next offender would be visited with the
full penalty of the law, and that the
local inspectors had no discretion except
to impose the full penalty, which was
revocation of the license.
The inspectors found that Captain Ja
cobs had neglected to enter in his log
book any record of boat or fire drills and
that in fact none of such drills had been
had for several weeks during the recent
voyage of the steamer.
The sentence imposed by I'nited States
I^ocal Inspectors Captains Bolles and
Bulger upon Captain Jacob D. Jacobs of
the steamship San Pfdro, whereby they
revoked his license, which had yet four
years to run, was modified yesterday by
Supervising Inspector Captain John Bcr
mingham by changing the sentence of
four years to fourteen days.
Supervising Inspector Bermingham
Cuts It Down to Two "Weeks'
Suspension of License.
SENTENCE OF CAPTAIN
JACOBS IS REDUCED
Heat your bath while you wait with an
instantaneous water heater from the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company. •
Charmer, from Port Blakeley; schr Honolulu
hence Sept 2; schr El Dorado, from Tslntau
stmr Pleiades, from Hongkong:
REDONDO— Arrlvp-i Sept 1&-Stmr Chas
Nelson, hence Sept J6.
Sailed Sept 18— Stmr Navarre, for San Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH— Passed out Sept 18— Stmr Ore
gon, from Seattle for Nome. j
TATOOSH— Passed in Sept IS— Strnr Rainier
hence P*>?t 15 for Seattle.
MONTEREY— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Orays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 17— Stmr Oregon, for
Nome.
SEATTLE— Sailed Rept 18— Stmr James Dol
lar, for San Francisco. j
PORT L.UDLOW— Arrived Sept 18— Ital ship
| Herat, from Port Townsend.
i CASPAR— Sailed Sept 18— Stmr Samoa, for
San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept IS— Fr bark
Pierrw Antolne, for .
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 18— Bktn Gleaner, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept IS— Schr Expan
sion, "from Tacoma; stmr Robert Dollar, from
Astoria; stmr South Coast, from Caspar.
Sailed Sent 18 — Schr Wawona. for Willapa;
bktn Katie Flicklnger. for Tacoma: schr Dora
Bluhm. lor Eureka; stmr Mandalay, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Sept IS— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Sept 17.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept IS— Stmrs Eureka
and Iaqua, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 18 — Schr Azalea, from Redondo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed. Sept IS— Schr So
phie Christensen. for San Francisco.
Arrived Sent 17— Stmr Chehalls, from" Eu
reka. Sept IK — Htmr Coronado, hence Sept 15;
schr Henry Wilson, hence Sent 2.
NAKNEK— In port S;pt 1— Ship M P Grace,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Arrived Sept lt>— Scbr Commerce,
<rom Newcastle, Aus.
L HONOLULtT— Arrived Sept 18— Bark S C
Allen, from Tacoma: Br stmr Gaelic, hence
S«>pt 11; bark Mchican, hence Sept 6; bktn
Amelia, from Eureka.
FOREIGN PORTS. „
i HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 18— Br stmr
Coptic, hence Aug 18, via Manila.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Sept 18 — Stmr
Sierra, hence Aug 27.
TWOPILiI-A — Arrived Sept 18 — Br ship
Banklelgh, Trom Whatrom.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 18 — Ger ship
Peru, from Portland, Or.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept IS — Stmr Celtic,
for Liverpool.
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 1* — Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Itamburg, Southampton and
Cherbourg.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 18— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr
Noree fmm New York^
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Sept 18 — Stmr Peru
vian, from Halifax.
LIVERPOOL^-Salled Sept 18— Stmr Arabic,
for New York via Queenstown.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept IS— Stmr
Moltke from Hamburg for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Sept 18 — Stmr New
England, from Liverpool for Boston.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Sept 18 — Stmr
Cedrlc, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Transport Sherman Docks.
The army transport Sherman, which arrived
Thursday night from Manila, docked yesterday
at I'olsom street wharf, where the passengers
landed.
Protet Sails To-Day.
The French cruiser Protet sails to-day for
Esquimault, where by courtesy of the British
naval authorities she will be allowed to use
the dry dock.
In the case of the petition of the Michi
gan Steamship Company, owner of the
steamer Progreso, for limitation of lia
bility ii was ordered that ten days from
date the petitioner give an additional
stipulation for the payment of interest
upon the appraised value of the steam
ship ProRreso, the interest to run from
the date of the giving of the original stip
ulation for such appraised value.
Several opinions in admiralty cases
were handed down 'yesterday by United
States District Judge de Haven. In the
matter of the ubel of the Ames Mercan
tile Company vs. the Kimball Steamship
Company to recover damages for goods
lost' and injured while being landed at
Nome in liehters United States Commis
sioner Morse was appointed to ascertain
and report to the court the amount of the
damages sustained.
In the matter of the petition of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company for limi
tation of liability for the loss of the
steamer Rio de Janeiro the order here
tofore made in relation to costs will be
modified as follows: The petitioner shall
pay all costs incurred in the proceedings
relating to the appraisement of the steam
er and freight pending, all other costs
to be paid out of the appraised value of
the steamship Rio de Janeiro and freight
pending when the same shall have been
paid into court according to the stipula
tion of the Detitloner.
The Chinese Bureau is« occupying a
strategic point in the rear of the prose
cution and is engaged in praying that
the Marshal's oilier and the pecret ser
vice men may apprehend the fugitives.
The word has been passed ail along the
official line: "Tell nothing to the pub
lic." and the injunction is being literally
obeyed. Should the officers fail to make
any further arrests Gamble will be
obliged to stand trial alone or fb plead
guilty alone, without the extenuating cir
cumstances in his favor of having turned
over his confederates to the hand of jus
tice.
Although vigorous search has been
made tince Monday for Tom Toon and
Wong Tin, Gambles confederates in the
substitution game, the officers have
failed to find them, and it is believed that
they escaped from the city and went
into hiding in some town in the interior
as soon as they learned of the captura
of the six substitutes on Friday of last
week.
Former (Deputy I'nited States Marshal
William P. Gamble did not put in an ap
pearance at the office yesterday, all ne
cessity for hi? appearance having been
obviated by the publication of his con
fession in The Call last Wednesday
morning. Marshal Shine was asked
whether he had vuspended Gamble from
liuty. but he refused either to affirm or
deny the fact. There is no doubt, how
ever, that Gamble has severed his con
nection with the office.
H was not until a quarter of 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon that United States
District Attorney AVood worth left his ot
lice after a day of very hard work with
I'nited States Marshal Shine and United
States Secret Service Apents \V. J. Burns
and Harry Moilitt. There was evidently
something important on foot, but the
mouths of all jiartlos were sealed. Short
ly before noon the junta called upon
I'nited Stales Court Commissioner Hea
cock with a signed complaint upon which
Judge Heacock issued a warrant of ar
rest. Two cuDies of the warrant were
made, one bting placed in the hands ol
Secret Service Agent Moffitt and the
other in the hands of a policeman in
jilain clothes. All the parties resolutely
declined to say a word concerning the
l>roRrcss beinj? made in the gathering or
evidence in the Chinese substitution
< ases.
Claimants Will Receive Value
of Wrecks and Freights
Pro Rata.'
Judge Heacock Issues War
. rant for Arrest of Un
known Parties.
Bound From Newcastle, Australia, With a Cargo Qf
Coal for Mazatlan, the Gallant Vessel Falls Victim
to the Elements Within Sight of Her Destination
New Orders Made in the
Rio and Progreso
Cases.
Prosecuting Junta Holds
Secret Conferences
With Officers.
BRITISH SHIP WEMYSS BAY WRECKED
ON THE COAST OF CENTRAL AMERICA
DE HAVEN HANDS
DOWN OPINIONS
GAMBLE'S AIDS
YET AT LARGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY/ SEPTEMBER 19, 1905.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
EMERYVILLE RACETRACK,
OAKLAND,
Haclng-ifeg lacing
GOLDEN GATE RAGE MEET.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Sept. 19 to Sept. 26, inclusive.
RUNNING. TROTTING AND PACINO.
BEST HORSES IN CALIFORNIA WILL CON-
TEST DAILY.
,:-,-- ADMISSION. 60c.
W M KENT, Treasurer.
' JOS. I. DIM0ND. Secretary.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
- RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAiBES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. SACRAMENTO
LADIES' DAYS;THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale, "8 Stockton at.
PalflrP DON'T" FAIL TO
raiatW Bee x the -beautiful
t COURT Lounging
51 fl /I room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
llT/Mli LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
U x i DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
AMUSE2EENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
Dog
Open Stake
10 Consolation Me
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Sept. 19 and 20.
First run-down on Saturday, beginning at
It a. m. sharp. Sunday coursing will begin at
10:30 sharp and continue till lant winning flag
TOTAL PRIZES--$960.00
All Mlf>alon-strp«t cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to park.
THOMAS T1EKNET, Judge.
EDWARD BHORTSTAO. Slipper.
WST"- « ¦ ¦ ¦ •• rii Props.
Market Street. Near Eighth. .Phore South 053
TO-NIGHT— LAST THRER NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Magntflccnt Production of the Gorgeous Mili-
tary Spectacle,
™CHERRYPICKERS
An Augmented Cast and Stage Settings of
Oriental Splendor.
nnircC Evenings N** to W>c
lUlWCJ Matinees 10c, lSe, Z5c
WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 21—
AFTER O/\RK.
MATIWEES TO-DAY and TO-MO JtEOW.
Every lady and rhlld presented with a sou-
venir picture of a Lilliputian at all matinees.
THIRD WEEK.
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
LAST NIGHT— The Japanese Musical Comedy
THE GEISHA
TO-Moaaovr matiitet; and jtioht
AND MONDAY NIGHT,
The Favorite Comic Opera
F^AUL JONES
PRICES— Erenlnss. 15c, 2.V. 60c. 73c.
Matinees. 15c. 25c. 50c
ALCAZAR IS™
Belasco & Mayer. Proprietor. .Phone Alcaaar.
E. D. PRICE. General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
in Sudermann's .Masterpiece.
- .../V\/\OD/\...
"Held audience spellbound."— Call.
"Strongly presented."— Examiner.
"Achieved dUtlnct triumph." — Post.
Evenings 25c to ?5c; Fat. Mat.. 13c to 30c
EVERY THURSDAY MATINEE.
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
WHEN NIGHT PRICES WILL PREVAIL.
ART PROGRAMME SOUVENIR.
HeXt Week— MIS3 ROBERTS In
"THE ADVENTURE OF LADY URSULA."
JOHN LffCLAIR
The Artistic Comedy Juggler, and a, '.:':}
GREAT SHOW OVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING lIN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA liORT."
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
RARE ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoning A»k for "Tlw O-utes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
EXCURSION
TO
On steamer ZINFANDEL. Will leave Wasb-
Ington-atreet wharf at 0 a. m.. SUNDAY. Sept.
SO. 19U3. Passengers will have ample ttm«
to get dinner at Xapa. Round trip. 50c 'Will
visit Mare Island an.l points of Interest. Qoo4
music and dancing. Come early.
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
All sorts of people use it,
all sorts of stores sell the
famous English complexion
soap. Established 1789.
Sold all over the world.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
_^^"?^jij%k about the wonderfol
UADUEI WHIRLING
* vo^\ vu\ IHAnVcL spray
**••.¦'¦ C&» V' ;^ 1 a be r ; cw VatinA 1 Syria re.
' S*'< I injection and Suction.
t '> ¦ C^i \ \ . ;5>»V»1 Best— Safest— Most Con-
*L*3RX C^**3frw venient. ItCleessei
•^^ -v^ yLSP^^^K,^, "v*>* InstaaUy
Jf hr cunnot *upf>!y the "'¦•¦/¦¦¦O ,
WARVEUscfeptBo \ ' tZfipXT,
ethrr. t>ut tend «t»mp forlilu*- \> f '',y/\f
trat-<!book— acnl^ifl. ItgiwsfiJl rjjv / ' M
* n jti a b vr i,' rc.. ' ]^\MiW!(gM
Bsom S03. Tlm«* &&*-. K*w Toric
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great t
Museum of anatomy^
A Ct& HZHU3XSieT.Ui.&tk7&,S.T.CHS
< )Sf Th€ hkrraX Anatomical Museum in the \
<S JL | World. We»knes«» or «ny conuictert ff
• Wt^ d:itne p«»itl»rlyc«r»4 hy the oldest tT
6 iW^l DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN Q
S V Wfti^n Consultation frre m<J ttrttljr prir«te. \
I Xm"*rtl Traatment pcnwntli; or bjr letter. A Q
m. flr ck a Ponttv Curt in crery case nulenakem. T
rn llfli Write for B-iok. rm.it.9nornir »t A
I H \\H BtRBl/kce. MAILED FREE. (AT
A A IL valuable book for mm) A
9 OB JORDAN A. CO.. 1051 MaricetSk.8. F. "
Jn Those sufferine from weak-
)jf* f nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ ¦ ¦ of life ehould take Juren Pills.
ut One bottle will tell a story of
marvclou« results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating:, vitalizins: force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $1.
Made by its orieinators C. L Hood Co.. pro*
prietors Hood's farseparilla. Lowell, litsi.
AMUSEMENTS.
fAtaiFORNi/T
1 J j LAST TWO NIGHT3 of the IS 81^
\J ( Great Laughing Piece, [y 1
A friend of the Family.
Featuring George Barnum. for years
leading comedian with May Irwln. and
Alice Johnson, leading lady of the orig-
inal Frawley Company.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
NEXT -IND'Y MCHT
Mr. Samuel Thall Offers Isadore Wlt-
niark's Famous Comedy Opera,
THE CHAPERONS.
Original New York All-Star Cast.
First Bi? Musical Comedy.
50 — Singing People — 50
Augmented Orchestra.
T'l DON'T MISS IT— ONE fjrat
WEEK ONLY. W
HEATRU
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), SEPT. 19.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
E. ROUSBY'S Latest Spectacular Novelty.
"IIN F>/\RIS"
An Electrical Review in Four Tableaux;
Arnesen; James Richmond Glenroy;
Princess Losoros; Frederic Bond
and Company and the Biograph.
Last Times of the Original Bio
Brothers; Alrront and Dumont and
Fischer and Wacker.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL PERFORMANCE.
HENRY MILLER
AND
riARGARET ANGLIN
"THE AFTERMATH."
Next Monday — Ileisry XV. Savage announces
THE MERRIEST MUSICAL COMEDT.
PRINCE OF PILSEN.
By Pixley ft Luders. Authors of "Kins Dodo."
Great MetroDolitan Cast.
SEATS NOW READY. ,
I I V ULI HOUSE.
NOTE. — Performance commences at 8 sharp.
Matinee on Saturday at 2 sharp.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Sunday Night. Bellini's Grand Opera,
"LA SONNAMBULA"
TO-NIGHT, Last Performance of Verdi's Im-
mortal Work,
"IL TROVATORE."
Next Week— "CARMEN" and "LA TRAV1-
ATA" (Camllle).
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. 60c. j 75c.
Telephone — Bush 9.
"WELL?" WHAT DO YOtT SAY*
You Want to See a Big Double BUI?
_ Then Waste No Time, but See
"The Glad Hand"
— ani> —
"The Con-curers"
They Have Never Been Excelled.
Our "All-Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAL'DE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, 25c. GOc and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matln«es, 25c and
50c. Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Eddy Street, above Mason.
LAST KATXHXE TO-DAY at 3 P. X.
POSITIVELY LAST NIGHT
The XT Centnry, Morality Play,
"EVERYMAN"
Reserved Beat*— $1.00, 81.50 and $2.00
Box Office, Sherman, Clay ft Co.'i.
Coming— AUGUSTA COTTLOW, Ptanlste.
PATURDAY, September 19, at 3 p. m.. la
STEINWAY HALL.
The Initial piano recital of the season will be
given, with Mr..Perclval K. Van Yorx at
THE ANGELUS.
Soloist. Mrs. Lillian Birmingham, contralto,
who will Bins the "Elll.'and Cycle of Songs," 1
by A. von Fleliti. This has never before been
done with the accompaniment of a mechanical
piano player.
¦ Complimentary tickets may be secured at oar
store any time before the recital.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Hears? and Sutter
Sti.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, S23 Market.
_^ _ ADVEBTISKMEKTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signature of s^*^^^
Js8gltz&mj& Ab«o!ut«h Cu»c)P j IS 11 ll ILaLs9
y^^^^^PBILIOUSNESS. f ¦ j
SICK HE^'ACHE. I jj \B fP jQP
i^S^rt TORPID LIVER. \ ,M ¦ W fcn ¦%
/JMB VlA PURREOTONGUE.R I M^ n n n if^
fflffl |a INDIGESTION. I ;| OH 11 L S ffl
*H iLf. CONSTIPATION Jg.-'J
SALLOW SKIN. If!" mt mM W^^^SSmM^T x
¦9 I %t m n r—i 8m *" mtU
—.-^ ,,-».,. | I %# i&a LJ , Small Doml
They TOUCH th« L, § V & ri Ismtn Priet.
Genuine Wrapper Printed on ,t — yFOOTBALL GIANTS USHER IN SEASON AT STANFORD
Are Arrested for Cruelty.
G. Goete, a vegetable peddler, and
Harry Crummv of 101 Flllmore street,
were arrested by Assistant Secretary Mc-
Currie and Officer linger of the" Humane
Society yesterday for driving horses unfit
for service.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Fftitlons in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: George Loehner, boiler
makers* apprentice. Oakland, liabilities
$2S0. assets $31; Eliza M. Powell of San
Francisco, boarding-house keeper, liabili
ties 31344, asset* SStt.
Swallows Carbolic Acid.
Leo Ellis, a young man aged 18 years,
swallowed a quantity of carbolic acid in
a room at 454 Minna street yesterday.
He was taken to the Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Boskowitz administered suf
ficient alcohol to counteract the effects of
the poison. Ellis will recover
the universities at a cost of $250 each.
The universities of California and Wash
ington are desirous -of purchasing: the
boats and await an answer from the
Stanford University. The shells will be
made on th* model of those In use at
Cornell University. When each of the
three Western universli.es owns one the
crews representing them will -be placed
on an absolute equality as regards their
boats
Manager "Pete" Smith of the Reliance
Club will take a formidable eleven to
Palo Alto to-day to play the Stanford
varsity in the first big game of the sea
son. The team will be picked from the
following players:
Cavanagh. center: Gaffey, Smack and
Fleck, guards; McDonough, Hamilton and
Martin, tackles; Le we tt, Gochen. Thomas.
St. John and Whitman, ends; Evans and
Holt, quarters; Getsler. Mueller. Magee*
and Woolrldge, halfbacks; Dave Atkinson
and Graham, fullbacks, and Erwin, Ba
con and Beckett, substitutes.
Reliance Eleven a Strong Team.
The California Lacrosse Association Is
creating Interest In the popular Canadian
pastime In this city. A return match has
been arranged between the Huron and
the Tecumseh teams to take place at Na
tional Park, Ninth and Bryant streets,
to-morrow at 3 o'clock.
These teams are evenly matched. Much
rivalry exists between them_ and a close
and exciting game is expected when they
ccme together on the field. They will
line up as follows:
Huron — A. W*. Jones. ' J. G. Brennan, F.
A. Burden, F. Beardroan, F. H. Lynch. J. A.
Wilson, F. B. Mtnto. G. K. Williams. W. E.
Judge. J. T. Darrajsh, J. E. Crilly. L. Keith.
Captain. Dr. J. A. McXauehton.
Tecumseh — M. J. Tansey, Charles Car
roll. William Began. W. P. Scofleld. C. E. Ren
wick. S. A. Wilson, P. T. Lyons, H. W.
Coutts. A. Q. Heberce, M. J. Lyon*. H. G
Beckwlth, A. E. Kenny. Captain, William
Black well. ¦ ? r
Lacrosse Teams in Action.
Affairs are culet among the oarsmen
of 'San Francisco and neighborhood," the
annual championships being settled and
the Astoria regatta over. The Ariel and
South End Rowing clubs are busy about
their new quarters near the oil works.
The members of the Olympic Boat Club
seem to be taking more interest in ca
noe-sailing than in barge and skiff row
inff. . .. x
Many members of the Alameda Boating
Club go out in the evenings and on Sun
days on Oakland Estuary, but only for
purposes of recreation. No contests are,
in sight. The Mackie challenge cup for
four-oared barges is in the custody of
the Alameda Boating Club, but there are
no signs of a challenge for it.
It is reported that next spring there
will be a • regatta between the universi
ties of California, Stanford and Wash
ington. The boating men of the univer
sities of California and Stanford are in
correspondence with the rowing associa
tion of the~Unlversity- of Washington,
and also with the experts at- Cornell Uni
versity. The graduate manager of row
ing at Cornell has made an offer to. build
three cedar four-oared racing shells for
No Competitions Are in' Sight for
the Rowing Clubs of Bay
or Estuary.
SAN FRANCISCO OARSMEN
ARE TAKING LIFE EASILY
Jarnee Gray vs. D. E. Collins, A. B. McGulre
ve. Alex Craic, Thomaa McNaught vs. John
!'.»rid. James Ilutchlnson v«. V). Dalzlel, Joseph
Oray a by*-. Dr. Hamilton v*.^Tho.roas G. Alt-
J-'n. J. ilcLachlan vs. James Hutchinsnn,
Huph Barr v». Dr. Crawford. D. I*. Dunn vs.
J. C. MolTat. M. L. Crowe v«. Robert Park.
liuph F'.£ie vg. J. Stott, R. Foreman vs. J.
11. EErtman. John McLaren vs. A. R. Patter-
Kon. J. D. MKJIlvray vf. James 8. Webster,
T. K. L^UIirxT vs. Wallace A. Cook. A. A.
Mt-VScar vs. William R. Eaton.
As a rule the tournament games are
r'.ayed Saturday afternoons. No matches
are played on Sunday. l\zi\y of the bowl
t-rs who live near the park get out for a
little practice after working hours.
The following matches will be played in
ihe second round.
Those who know are of the opinion that
Thomas McNaught and John McLaren
will come tocether in the final round.
With Mr. Lawson out of It. the honors
should fall to one of these two men.
The second round of th© Scottish bowl-
Ing tournament will commence this after
ncon on Golden Gate Park rinks. The
round closes October 3, by which time all
of the matches must be played. The com
petition of the flrEt round last Saturday
leaves thirty-two out of the original six
ty-four players entered to compete for
final honors. In the opening round there
was but one default and three byes, twen
ty-eight of the matches being actually
played.
~Z. C. Lawson. the winner of the last
tournament and considered by many the
best bowler in the club, was beaten in
the first round by a one-sided score.
Having won the previous tournament,
Mr. Lawson wished to stay out of this
one and give another man a chance to
win. He was finally persuaded to play,
»>ut did not exert himself and was beaten
by a man considered not nearly so clever
a* himself.
Will Commence the Second Bound
This Afternoon on Golden Gate
Park Green.
SCOTTISH BOWLZBS BEADY
FOB. TOUENAMENT PLAY
Ike Walters. Eddie Householder and Bill
Gannon are still "bush leaguing" down In
the Santa Barbara district. This is quite
a come-down to men who rrere' rated as
stars a few short months ago.
There Is but one man now on the pitch
ing staff who is competent to win games,
and that is Mr. Whalen. The others do
not seem to have the goods that baffle
the opposing batsmen, and consequently
no difficulty is experienced in beating San
Francisco when the club goes up against
any team that Is in condition to play ball.
The chase for the pennant is about set
tled. Los Angeles has the flag copped,
artd in a walk. Interest* Is now centered
in the/race for last place and the race' for
second honors^ } At present the home .team
is second— a badUsecond, to be sure, but
still it holds the position. How long^it
will be there remains to be seen.
It seems Oakland's sudden burst of
speed will be stopped by. the Los Angeles
aggregation. The southern club-wlelders
are in the game at all times, and if they
do not 4 win one week they make up for
lost time the next. If Oakland can possi
bly get away with a majority of - the
games of the present .meeting. Peter and
his crowd will be rated as dangerous
enemies to the other clubs of the league.
If Mike Fisher can make Phil Knell and
Youngey Johnson pitch ball he may-have
a chance to do something. . It would be
funny, indeed, if the twtrold men got. in
and pitched Mike's team Into second
place. Had Fisher a formidable pitching
staff his team might be a beadllner, -but
those youngsters are not there when Uiey
are needed. V. ;v v
Any old kind of a ball team that plays
ball at all could easily get in and rout the
home bunch In their present condition.
Such a patched up ball nine does not look
good in a big city like San Francisco, and
consequently the home talent does not
draw the crowds it would with any kind
of a half decent line-up.
There is hardly a sound man in Harris'
Une-up at the present time. It is a pitiful
sight to see Zearfoss, Pabst and Iberg
hobble about the field when they begin to
play ball; lt.is just about the limit.
leaguers a run for second money.
Mike Fisher's team has been on the slide
so long that it is just about due to get
busy and come through with a little
sprint. If Fisher's tossers begin on San
Francisco they may keep up the spurt,
and then perhaps make a strong showing
against the northern clubs.
THE Senators are beginning to come
strongly now, and it "seems they
may give Uncle Henry and his bush
Only three teams are In the third class.
It is expected Miss Vera Beyfuss and Miss
Hazel Naylor, the holders, will again
prove victorious.
There will be no tournaments on the
California Club courts for some time.
The annual election Of officers will be held
next Saturday. There will be no radical
changes.
The women of the club will meet to-day
on the public courts. Play will be In
doubles and will be confined to the second
and third classes. In the second class all
the six teams entered are closely
matched. Miss Allberger and Miss K.
Lindstrom are favorites, but will have to
play their best to win.
The Baker brothers of Oakland will
play from scratch and with the hanSlcaps
allowed stand a good chance of winning.
They play a steady, safe game and the
handicaps should not bother them. Routh
and Dunlap, the other scratch players,
are In the opposite half and the- chances
are they will meet the Baker brothers In
the finals.
Some of the teams on the "2-6" mark
will prove dangerous opponents.. Foley
and Lewis, Janes and Russell and the
Hotchkiss - brothers all have a chance.
The Long brothers, wKh odds of "15 1-6,"
will be hard to beat.
Homer and Marlus Hotchkiss were In
the lead with two victories to their credit.
The former has left town and his place will
be taken by his brother, Miller. The only
teams which have won the cups and are
playing are Routh and Dunlap and Whit
ney and Brady. Smith and Allen and
Church and McKay, one-time winners,
will not compete in future.
The tournament to-morrow will be a
handicap doubles for the silver loving cups,
which must' be won three times. Many
new teams are In the tournament and It
Is expected two new names will be in
scribed on the trophies.
courts are being built, not half the
players can be accommodated. All of the
ground adjacent to the courts has. been
utilized and if more courts are laid out
it must be In some other part of the park.
When thirty-two teams enter a doubles
tournament It Is evident the game has
made giant strides in public favor.
TENNIS Is increasing -in popularity
at the public courts In Golden Gate
Park every day. Although new
Record Entry Shows the
Strides Game Is Mak
ing in Public Favor
Uncle Henry Will Have
to Strengthen in Order
to Make Fust Finish
TENNIS MEN
WILL MEET
IN DOUBLES
HOME TEAM
IS ON THE
TOBOGGAN
FOOTBALL PLAYERS OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY WHO ARE EX
PECTED TO PLAY A PROMINENT PART IN THE SEASON'S GRID
IRON CONTESTS, WHICH COMMENCE TO-DAY WITH A MATCH
WITH THE RELIANCE CLUB ELEVEN.
Bo"ynton and Sterns are rivals for full
back, with the chances leaning toward
Boynton. Boynton was full back and cap
tain of last year's freshmen team. By
some of the critics he is considered a
better player in that difficult position
than even Whipple was last year.
More finally got Into the gams again
Wednesday after flirting around for a
week or so making up his mind whether
he would play or not. He has played
three years with the varsity and knows
the game thoroughly. Belknap, -who has
played with Dartmouth and last gear's
alumni team, and Geary, who was a var
sity substitute and captain of the second
eleven lastVear, are More's opponents.
It Is hard to tell Just how the fresh
man team will line up. There are eighty
freshmen on the field every day, all de
termined to win a place on the. team by
exhibiting an immense amount of dash
and fight so that It Is no easy Job to
pick out a team.
Barton is the freshman most likely to
play center. He is a big. fellow, weigh
ing eomethlnu like 230 pounds and with
considerable speed notwithstanding the
avoirdupois. Allen will probably play
left guard. His weight Is 205 pounds.
Jackson, another big man, will play left
guard. The candidates with the best
chances of making: the team are: Cen
ter — Barton, Haley; guards— Allen, Allison,
Killian. Jackson; tackles — Eg-gers, Swee
ney, Clark ( Lachman; ei.ds— CamanettI,
Gillis, Kleinschmldt, Stevens, Mlllard;
half-backs— Tweedle, Kern, Taylor, Crow;
fullbacks — Gabriel, Booth, Schaufele;
quarter-backs— Sell, j Hanna.
The first freshman game will be played
to-morrow, the Oakland High School
team lining up against Berkeley.
Stroud. center; Overall, right guard;
Stow, left guard, and Howard, left tackle,
are men whose positions are already as
sured. They have had the experience that
comes from Intercollegiate playing and
besides are bis men and clever. Howard
was a varsity substitute last year. He
went into the intercollegiate game after
Albertson had been Injured early In the
play.
It is a "toss up" between Heltmuller
and Forse for right tackle. Heitmuller.
however, was so confident that he would
get the place that he did not begin prac
ticing until Wednesday of this week.
Forse is a big man with a good head and
would have played last year had he been
eligible.
Hudson is a candidate for his. old posi
tion of rieht end, but as he has been ill,
for a week with malarial fever he may'
be prevented from playing altogether. In
his olace the coaches have been trying
various men of the second eleven.
The left end station will probably go
to Demeritt. though he has a sturdy op
ponent In "Craig, who is playing against
him on the second eleven. Demeritt was
a substitute last year.
Jack Whipple and Graves will fight it
out for the honor of playing right half.
Whipple played full back last year on the
varsity. This year he is making a try
for right half. Graves played for a time
last year, but got out of the game early
in tha season when other matters en
gaped his attention.
Three men — Muther > Risley and Snedi
erar—are out for left' half. Muther and
RHsley were varsity substitutes last year
and had the advantage of playing in
the preliminary games. Snedlgar Is play
ing a good, stiff game now on the second
eleven.
C. E. Maud, formerly of the Riverside
Polo and Golf Club and holder of the
amateur championship of the Pacific
Coast Golf Association, Intends to make
his home in Northern California. He will
join the San Francisco Golf Club. As
Mr. Maud Is generally regarded as the
strongest amateur In the West, his com
ing will b« a welcome addition to the
strength of the Presidio team.
W. E. Falrlie, the brother of Frank
Falrlle, the Scotch amateur. Is a fine
golfer also. Recently on the North Ber
wick links he made a score of 71, which
Is a brilliant one. At the top of his game
he Is eaual to the best amateur or pro
fessional Kolfers. He is the inventor of
a patent Iron club with which It is im
possible to send a ball off at a tangent
through striking It with the "hose," or
neck, as the blade is set on In front.
These irons are extremely useful when
a ball is In a bad lie, but hardly a bad
enough one to call for the niblick.
A British newspaper Is offering $1000
for competition among professional golf
ers. Only members of the Professional
Golfers' Association are to be permitted
to take part and the competitors are lim
ited to thirty-two. .Preliminary qualify
ing rounds over thlrty-slx holes will de
termine the selection of the players. The
final tournament Is to be held on Octo
ber 13 and succeeding days at Sunning
dale, under match rules, over eighteen
holes, except that the- final round will be
over thirty-six holes. All the eight com
petitors who remain in at the close of
the first day's play will receive prizes as
follows: Winner, $300; second, $150; third
and fourth, $75 each; next four, $50 each.
the second eight trophy of the San
Rafael Golf Club, between W. J. Casey
and Douglas Hardy. The winner will
hold the trophy until the next competition
for it take? place.
The golfers of the San Francisco Club
are engaged In another before-breakfast
handicap tournament, the five matches In
which must be played before 9 o'clock in
the morninK. The entry list closes to
morrow, and the five rounds of nine holes
each, of which the tournament consists,
must be completed before October 10. The
handicaps will be allotted by Robert
Johnstone, the professional of the San
Francisco Golf Club, who is thoroughly
familiar with the strength of the players.
A similar handicap of ten rounds was
completed recently. Dr. and Mrs. J. R.
Clark tying for the two prizes with net
scores of 418 each. L. B. Edwards was
third, with a net score of 419. In the
coming tournament, which Is a handicap
against "bogey," there will be a prize
for the winner.
HAPPY VALLEY golf course will
be the scene to-day of the final
round, over thirty-six holes, for
Winner of Second Eight
Cup Will Be Decided
on Happy Valley Link^
Tommy Hall of Merced has a promising
candidate In Wild Bill. M. C. Dclanos
McVey. which will be one of the young,
est dogs In the stake, is considered tha
fastest greyhound of his age In America.
With Fair Tralee out he la considered to
have an excellent chance. C. C. Grl3wold's
Ml Amigo must also be reckoned with, he
having done all that has been asked of
Mm up to this time.
Frank McComb has bought Manhattan
King from Victor Noble. This gives him
the entire Fetter Free-Motto litter except
Ml Amlgo.
W. H. Kocher has bought Fancy Free
from M. Dillon.
An eighty-dog open stake will b« tha
feature of the card at Ingleslde Park to
day and to-morrow. The running •¦will
commence to-day at 11 o'clock and to
morrow at 10:3). The likely winners look
to be:
Silver Lass. Doreen. Royal' Friend. Jlngl*
Bells. Maid of th« Glen.. Marguerite. Gunpow
der. Odd Kyes. Iteta S. Little Plunger. Una.
Old Ironsides. Roy Hughle, One Burns. Fannie
Hughle. Menlo Princ*. Medley. Articulate.
Pure Pearl. Fain Glen. Sofala. Hesper. Irvtnu
ton Tralee, McIIenry. Bonnie Hughle. Roxana,
Kittleman. Flower of Kerry, Oold Lily. Your.*
Buck. Yukon. Haddlngton, Imperious. Rock
and Rye.- Rienzi. Topcey Turvey. H.irlean
Gladys. Intruder. Younff Johnny Rex. Wattles.
One week from to-day the California
Coursing Futurity will be run at Union
Parjc. This is the richest event of the
year for young greyhounds. It bears an
unusually open look, r.o greyhound stand-
Ing out above his fellows.
T. J. Cronln's Fair Tralee, which was
thought to have the Futurity at his mer
cy,'will hardly be able to start owing to
an Injured foot. He had the speed over
everything In th«? stake, being particular
ly fast out of slips. If he does pot atart
in the Futurity Mr. Cronln offers to
match blm against the winner for JTjCO a
side.
Complimentary tickets of Union Park.
Ingleslde and of all the parks represented
en the committee will be accepted at the
pate. Special trains will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 10:15. 11. 12 and X
o'clock. The likely winners look to be:
California Coursins Committee itake— Vaa
dal. Palo Alto, rocatelll. Lord Brazen. Hap
hazard. Beacon. F.elle Free. Gambit, Rector,
Sacramento Boy. Silver Heel*. Mount Rc*«.
Open stake — Idaho Boy. Otto, Recltlean Ac
robat. Fontenoy. Dorothy M, Firm Fellow.
Yankee Boy. General Detret. Vina. Sllverland.
Homer Boy. Red Pepper, Tralee Boy. Red
Rock. Master Rocket. Honest John, Ruby Pan
key. St. Cann. Luxury, Pomona. Bonnie Pasha,
Wedgewood. America. False Alarm.
The occasion will be a benefit for tha
coursing committee— the first It has en
joyed. The proceeds of the meeting will
be used in the advancement of coursing
on the Pacific Coast. The fleetest grey
hounds in America are owned in Califor
nia and the best twenty-four of these
were placed at the disposal of the mem
bers of the committee.
Many out of town coursing men will
make a pilgrimage to this city to witness
the running of the stake. The Sacramento
delegation, headed by Dan Walsh, will
include Messrs. Shultis. Scott. Condrey.
Raught, Nethercott and O'Brien. Denny
Healy and Alec McLeod will bring down
a delegation from Petaluma. W. J. Brown,
ing of Tipton will also attend. Los An
geles will send Elmer Grimm. Henry
Lyon and Charles Gasagne. John Heen
an T Collins and Dan Maloney of Fres
no' will be present. Dr. F. P. Clark of
Stockton will come down to see his nom
ination run.
The students of form have figured that
Palo Alto and Pocatelll will fight It out
at the top of the card, with Rector and
Silver Heels the best two at the bottom.
Palo Alto and Pocatelli are expected to
meet In the third round, which will ba
run about the middle of the afternoon.
The winner at the bottorn of the card
In the third round will enjoy a "bye"
course in the fourth round. This will
place it in the all Important deciding
round.
tracted more champion greyhounds
than any previous stake or Its size ever
run hi America.
THE California Coursing Committee
stake, whjch will be run at Union
Coursing Park to-morrow, has at-
Best Twenty-Four Grey
hounds in California
to Start at Union Park
SAN RAFAEL
GOLFERS IN
LAST ROUND
Last Sunday, the wind being light in thi
upper bay. many of the yachts cruised In
the channel. Among them were the flag
ship Thetis of the San Francisco Yacht
Club, the sloops Challenger and Annie
and the yawl Wave. Th? sloops Queen.
Ariel, Curlew and Halcyon, with the yawl
Royal, sailed to Paradise Covel The
schooners Chispa and White Wings went
out last Saturday afternoon, returning on
Sunday. The yawl Gypzie, the sloops
JessiwE and other boats of the Califor
nia fle«;t were also cruising In the channel
on Sunday.
Percy Bun of the yawl Kittiwake, to
which the regatta committee of the Pa
cific Inter-club Yacht Association award
ed the second flag in the 20-fooJ special
race sailed on Admission day. has notified
a member of the committee that she
fouled one of the stakeboats anchored at
the starting line off Powell-street wharf.
This disqualifies the yawl and gives the
second flag to the »loop Mistral of the
San Francisco Yacht^Club.
The handicap regatta cf the California
Yacht Club for the cup presented by ex-
Vlce Commodore Robert Vincent, owner
of the yawl lola, will not take place to
morrow, as set down on the schedule, but
on Sunday, the 27th.
This afternoon the yachts of the Corin
thian fleet will leave TIburon Cove and
will make Vallejo to-night. As It Is high
water at San Francisco harbor entrance
at 10:14 to-night, the tide serves favorably
for a run up to Mare Island. To-morrow
the fleet will sail back to Its moorings at
Tiburon.
Next week the yacht owners will be
busy preparing their craft for the annual
regatta of the San Francisco Club, wnich
will take place on Sunday, the 27th inst..
over the channel course. This event will
be under the management of the regatta
committee, which consists of George E.
Smith, chairman, J. B. Levensaler and W.
L. Spencer. The start will be off Powell
Btreet wharf, Presidio shoal buoy and the
dredger at Blossom Rock being used as
marks. . ' / —
To-morrow morning the sloop Ariel,
chartered by the Haley In others, will eall
from Sausalito, bringing up to the cove
non-owners and yachtsmen who are not
able to make the trip this evening. When
all the yachtsmen and their guests arc
assembled to-morrow morning a big cook
ing range will be constructed on shore
from the bricks abounding in that region
and clam ' chowder, with other good
things, will be prepared under the able
supervision of "Jim" Logan, the chowder
chef of the San Francisco Yacht Club.
After a suitable interval the nautical
games and sports will begin. The first
event will be a swimming race for a suit
ably engraved cup and a rowing race In
yachts' yawls for a similar trophy.
There will be a race In which the con
testants. In a skiff, paddle with their
hands to a yacht, at the crosstrees of
which a prize will be hung. The man
who climbs the rcast and succeeds in de
taching the prize keeps It. Then 'here
will be a sack race, the winner receiving
a silver key ring, and a foot race for a
matchbox; also a three-legged race and
a partnership race. In the last event one
partner carries the other for half the
distance and then is carried for the re
mainder.' The prizes will be leather
belts. This is the last event of this kind
the San Francisco Yacht Club will hold
during the present season and no efforts
will be spared to make it as successful as
possible.
leave Its moorings at Sausalito and
will cruise to Paradise Cove. At 11 o'clock
to-night hot frankfurter sausages and ac
cessories will be served the yachtsmen on
the shore. "
THIS evening the fleet of the San
Francisco Yacht Club, with the ex
ception of the Bloop Ariel, will
FINE FIELD
TO MEET IN
BIG STAKE
San Francisco Yachts
men Will Enjoy Clam
bake and Other Sports
the enthusiasts their first chance
to see of what material the varsity team
will be made. Taking it altogether, there
does not seem to be any great difference
between this year's team and last. The
list Is filled with the names of men who
made the varsity last year and with those
who nearly did so. A number of really
good men will be kept out of the team
this year for this reason, there being too
many old-timers left over to give any
body els© a chance.
BERKELEY, Sept 18.— The line-up
of the football men at the Univer
sity of California this week gave
One of the most promising: men in tHe
freshman equad is bis "Jim" Weller, who
« ntcred college last Christmas, and easily
won a place on the varsity track team
in the spring. He is eligible for the
freshman eleven and is a candidate for
the position of tackle. His speed and
weight make him a. possibility for the
vacancy on the varsity. In Goudy, Blood,
WDhelm, Chalmers, Minturn, Dole and
Stephenson the entering class have a
likely bunch of fast men from which to
choose a back field trio. Stott. Stagner.
Xing and Cole, candidates for quarterback
on the '07 team, will furnish an abundance
of material from which to select a man
for that position.
To-morrow's game with Reliance will
afford the lirst chance of judging of the
possibilities of the '03 varsity. The team
will bo almost a. new organization, prob
ably not more than 'five cf last year's
team lining up against the clubmen. In
the scrimmage Wednesday the varsity
players lined up as follows:
Squad A. Position. Squad B.
Preston It. — E. — L, u. Tarpey
Weller n. — T. — L. Sprasue
Van gickel K. — G.— L. ilonzlngT
Jlauverman Center Christy
1- rederickpon L. — G.— R Jacobs
Ftlllrnan l.—t.— R fchl»l<is
Buttertwld '01 L. — K. — R • Stanford
1 .« n ; 1 .a < h Quarter Stott
Foholneld K.— II. — L, P. Tarpey
UuttertieJd '07 L..—U. — K Chalmers
G. E. Dole Fullback Parker
Wilfred Dole, '05, varsity halfback, has
been In the Students' Guild Hospital in
Palo Alto during the past week as the re
sult of an attack of malaria. His condi
tion is improving:, and it is thought he
¦will reappear on the gridiron in a few
days. He is considered the strongest
man behind the line among: the many can
didates for the back field positions.
The class of 1M7 has brought with it
some promising football material. Al
though the freshmen are, as a rule, rath
er light in Wright they seem to make up
In grit, determination end speed what
they lack in weight. In Q. E. Dole, 'Til,
Um freshmen have a punter who is ab'e
to hold his own with any of the varsity
men on the field. He is a likely candidate
for one of the back positions on the
frtshman eleven. Minturn, '07, has also
!-howed marked ability m booting the
jiigskin.
afternoon this week the coaches
lined up two freshman elevens for
a few minutes" hard scrimmage, while the
varsity candidates began scrimmage
work with a first line-up on Wednesday
-afternoon. But little team work can be
expected of the varsity In the centest
nith the Reliance eleven to-morrow be
cause of their unorganized condition at
this early date.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 18.
—The gridiron is the scene of
marked activity at present. Every
Interesting Game Is Expected To-Day on Stanford
Campus — Few Changes in Berkeley Team.
SAUSALITAN
TARS SAIL
UP THE BAY
CARDINAL
TO OPPOSE
RELIANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 3903.
8
A Stndy '-% Plrner.
One r
Josephine Dodse l>n-knm'«
Storlen complete
' In the
Sext Snndar Call.Olympic Club Boxing 1 .
Billy Roche, who Is managing Seiger,
the hard-hitting light-weight, Is trying to
get a match with Britt. The principals
have agreed on terms,- bat find lt diffi
cult to get a club to handle the affair. It
is possible the San Francisco Club may
make overtures for It. Seiger knocked
Turner down N flve times during their re
cent meeting.
Jack McClelland and Manager Mason,
who came here In quest of a match, leave
to-night for Seattle, where McClelland is
to fight Herrera. They were to flght in
Portland, but the police would not permit
the meeting-.
"Los Angeles, Sept. 18.— Manager Mc-
Carey of the Century Athletic Club has
signed an agreement to match Gus Ruh
lln with Bob Fitzsimmons, the affair to
occur during the latter part of October.
The agreement for Ruhlin was made by
Billy Madden and a telegram wds sent to
Fitzsimmons in. New York."
"If the Fitzslmmons-Ruhlln flght is on
in Los Angeles, the Millett-Ruhlln match
is off in San Francisco." This is Alex
Greggains' summing-up of the situation.
Greggains has commenced to figure on
other matches. He can bring Seiger and
Rufe Turner together and Abe Attel of
fers to flght Frank Nell at 118 pounds.
Champion Neil was matched yesterday
to fight Johnny Reagan In- Los Angeles
on October 16. The boxers will weigh In
at 116 pounds at 3 o'clock.
• . was received by Manager Olbbs of
the Colma Club that Sandy Ferguson was
afraid to meet Jack Johnson and refused
to come West.
Gibbs then opened negotiations with Mc-
Vey and Johnson and clinched the match
by telegraph. Johnson announced at the
Lincoln Club fights that he was matched
to flght McVey at Colma on October 27.
Late last night a wire was received from
Los Angeles announcing that Johnson and
McVey had agreed to fight there on Octo
ber 27. This is the best drawing card In
sight now and all the managers are ap
parently bidding on lt.
It is not likely that Ruhlln and Mlllett
will flght here, according to the following
dispatch and Greggains' comments there
on:
HERE was a lot of activity among
' I' , the fight promoters yesterday and
' I a general upsetting of plans. "Word
Heavyweight Not to Meet
Jack Johnson — Pro
moters' Plans Upset
FERGUSON
DECIDES TO
STAY EAST
Chicago • 3 7 -2
Batteries— Howell -and Beville; Owen and
Slattery. • ; .
Second same — R. ; H. B.
New York 6 0 1
Chicago ............ ......." 1 ,9 ¦¦ 6
Batteries— Wolf and Beville; "White and Sul
livan.
header from the Chicago* here to-day. Wolf
and White were the opposing pitchers In the
opening game and the former held the visitors
well in. hand all - through. Howell had only
one bad inning, the eighth, in the second con
test, while the locals hit Owen with good
effect. Attendance. 8000. Scores:
First came— R. H. E.
New York r «« ••••. ? 11 2
Mike Fisher, who Is ever original, show
ed the fans at Recreation Park yester
day that he is still young and in the
running. 'Twas tipped about the grounds
before the game - that the Sacramento
magnate would go Patrolman Harry
Hook a heat of fifty yards for a purse.
When the fourth round had been played
Fisher and Hook appeared near the Sac
ramento bench with their coats off and
each adorned with a baseball cap. They
lined up back of first base and as soon
as the rules of the footrace srarno were
explained to them the signal was given
and they were off.
A wild yell went up from the multitude
as the pair began to wabble away from
the mark and the earth began to shake.
On they came. Fisher leading by several
lengths, but the copper going gamely and
looking for a chance to sprint ahead.
Mike would have walked away with the
purse only his curiosity got the better
of him. As he'neared the home stretch
he turned around to see if Hook was com
ing. Hook was coming and so fast that
he caught the- magnate Just as he reached
the finishing line. The race was declared
a dead heat.
FOOTRACE ENDS IN A TIE.
2:09 pacing, purse $1000. two in three — Cu
banola won the second and third heats In "iiV.ij.
2:00. Gold Brick won the first heat In 2:07%.
Nonamie. Al Bock and Brown Heels also
started.
2:07 class, trotting, purse $1500, two In three
— Wentworth won the second and third heats
In 2:08, 2:09. Rythmlc won the first heat in
2:07%. SuEle J and Prince of Orange also
started.
last 200 yards the champion harness
horse, Dan Patch, would have succeeded
In his attempt to-day to lower his record
of a mils in 1:59, made at Brighton Beach
a few weeks ago.
Paced by one runner, the quarter was
made In :30, the half In :59Vi. From there
on he had the benefit of the two runners
and reached the three-quarters In 1:29%.
The record seemed to be trembling, but
on getting Into the stretch a heavy bit of
track was experienced whicn tired the
pacer so much that he reached the wire
In 2:00 flat. It " was generally believed
that had Dan Patch been favored with
the same track conditions as those pre
vailing on Monday, when Major Delmar
made his effort at the trotting record,
the pacing record would have been
broken. Summary:
2:17 class, pacing, purse $1000, two in three —
Gracie Kellar won two straight heats in 2:11,
2:12. Miss Brock, Direct View, Prince Caton,
Nlckellette. Nanlta. Wild. Wind, Kaasall, Dr.
Short and Aline -ilao started.
READVILLE, Mass.. Sept 18.— It
seems quite probable that but for
the slowness of the footing in the
Heavy Bit of Track Is
Blamed for Keeping
Him Outside Record
DAN PATCH
PACES MILE
IN 2:00 FLAT
Runninp. 3-year-olds and up, seven furlongs,
S175 — Sally Goodwin won. Rasp second Brown
Prince third. Time. 1:2814.
Running, four and a half furlongs — Adr.or
won. Aurora B second. Classes third. Time,
Consolation Wins the Salem Stake.
SALEM. Or.. Sept. 18. — Result* to-day: ,
Consolation. 2:17 pace, non-winners Greater
Salem Ftake — J. T. Turner's Vision won. High
Ball second. Rajah third. Best time. 2:15%.
Trotting-. 2:30 class — Getaway won. St. Pat
rick second. Lord Kitchener third. Best time,
2:2.1.
The Grutli Rifle Club met last night
to receive the silver loving cup presented
fcr their victory over all the Swiss shoot
ing duhs of the State. Dr. II. Satorl
made the presentation address. John S.
Leutenegger. Drepident of the Grutli
WrcJn, received the token of victory In
bohalf of the winners. ' Addresses were
made by George R. Ilauser, A. Gehret
end others: At the conclusion of the pre
sentation ceremonies the members and
their families enjoyed a banquet and
dance given by the Grutli Verein.
Rifle Club Receives a Trophy.
Mayor Schmitz.
XEW YORK. Sept. 18.— L.. L.. Whitman
nf San Francisco, who last night com-
I-lctc-J an automobile trip from that city
lo New York, called on Mayor Low to
day and presented a letter from the May
or of San Francisco. Mayor Low con
gratulated Mr. Whitman on the comple
ticn of his trip.
Jj. I*. Whitman, Automobilist, Pre
sents Hayor Low Message From
SAN FRANCISCO MAN
COMPLETES LONG TRIP
Sixth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds,
handicap — Miss May Bowdish 90, Pat Buljcer
S5. Annie Marie 10S, Ruvia 85, Metlakatla 07,
II. L. Frank 115, Sembrlch J05.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, three
yenr-oldn and upward, selling — Dark Secret
112, Arthur Kay 112, Uug- Martin 99, El Orlente
103. Marelio 109, KIckumbob 100.
- FI f th race, six furlontfr, three-year-olds and
upward, pPllins — Toto Gratiot 102, Lady Wads
worth 102. ArsreKor 00, Little Margaret 05,
Hllou 0« Captivate 104 Canejo 107, Flamero
107. Grand Pachem 1)6. Skip Me 101, Bob Pal
mer 90. Mme. ' Bishop 101. Royai F 110,
Mountebank 101. Caronal 107. ,
Third race, one mile, three-year-olds and
upward, sd'ir.sr — Irvlctus 107. Anvil 99;
Heather IToney 99, Expedient 111, Catnbacerea
111 Ultruda 111. David 8 109, Rosarle 111,
Bcii MacDhui 122.
Second race* five furlong*, three-year-olds
and upward, felling— Educate 109, llaresa
103, Hercules 110, Snark 109, Botany 109, Billy
Moore 109. Yellowstone 112, Troy 109, Rol
talr» 109.
An excellent card Is presented for the
opening day, consisting of one harness
event for which 2:19 class pacers are eligi
ble and five running races. ' A syndicate
ring will not be tolerated by the Cali
fornia Jockey Club. Last night It was
figured In turf circles that the following
bookmaking firms would cut In: Harlan
& Co., Johnny Lyons, Caesar Young,
Ilughey Jones, Henry "Wendt, George
Crowley, Johnny Mellln and one or two
others.
Racing will begin to-day promptly at 2
o'clock. The entries follow:
First race. 2:19 class, pace, mile heats, two
In three — Nance O'Neil, Monogram, Penrose,
N L B.
For the next seven days, . Sunday, of
course, exec-pted, the Golden Gate race
meeting hold full sway at Emeryville
track.
Golden Gate Meeting. Opens This
Afternoon With a Card of In
teresting Events.
HARNESS AND RUNNING
RACES AT EMERYVILLE
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Black Hussar, Bonni
bert, Aristocracy.
Second race — Land of Clover, Lava
tor, Rowdy.
Third race — Hurstbourne, Gim
crack, Janeway.
Tourth race — McChesney, The
Picket, Mocn Daisy.
Fifth race — Wistaria, Funny Side,
Sneer.
Sixth race — Irene Llndsey, Plater,
Eva Russell.
Seventh race — Mordella, Pristina,
Stumpy.
GliAVESEND ENTRIES.
XEW YORK. Sept. IS. — Gravesend entries:
First race, one and a elxteenth miles, handi
cap—CauEhnawapa 12fi, G!en Water 118, Bon
riijert 122, Leader 114. Aristocracy 110, Sir
Voorhtcs J11O, Erieand 106. Lord Badge 104, Sa
tire ttO. Slidell MS, Ethics »9. Sheriff Bell 93.
3 - .: Hussar 96. Pol Ilocer 84.
rico-ond race, about two and a half miles,
;.:.-- Highway Fte*-plechase. handicap^
Lavator 170, Land of Clover 1C6, Zinzlbsr 153.
r.owfiy 15.{, Jim Newman 14!», Caller 145,
Ju<M?e Phillips 140, Baron Pepper 133, Step
Lightly 144, Gypeic ISa
Third race, one and three-quarter miles, the
Hindoo, three-year-olds — HurFtbourne 118,
Boutooniere 103, Athelroy IOC, Gimcrack 114.
Janeway 1O5.
Fourth race, one and a half ir.Ilea. Second
Fpeclal— McChrenoy 120. The Picket 110, Wa
tf-rboy 121, Hermis 121. Goldsmith 121, Hcno
121. Irish Lad 113. Moon Daisy 107, Sheriff
Bell 110.
Fifth race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing — Prince Vic 34. Monet 103, Asrua ICC. Ani
rad 101. Anna Hastings »4. L.!da I-*-ib 104.
Funny Side 107. Gamey J02. Oriel loi>. Sneer
itO. GolCfrink 1*7. Wistaria 'J4.
Sixth race. Fix furlor.F?, selling— Irene Lind
pry 104. Duelist 103, Eva Russell 05, Sweet
Alice 104, Captivator D9. Counterpoise 00. De-
Trurrer 1««, Joe Frty 10.". Praneey 103, Inter
val 1OS. Forward 103. Ocjcood 102. Athlana 94.
:,..-. 101, Itfcd Damsel 1UU. Trir.Hy Bell 103,
J'later 104, Choate loC, Dtkabar 88.
Seventh race, five and a half furlongs, fall
ing, two-y^ar-olds— Mordcila H4, Short Cake
m. Silver Days 110. Gypsy Ben liM, Stumpy
»4. Bab Murphy 102. Vibrator Iu2, Ka«le UK),
Uuapala SO. Florlzel S9, Yo San 104, Prlstina
10«.
Weather clc-ar. Track eocxi.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Federal, Redan,
Gracious.
Second race — Duke of York, Paul
aker, Itacatiara.
Third race — Talpa, McGee,
Schwalbe.
Fourth race — My Gem, William
Wright, Auditor.
Fifth race — Major Dixon, Bard of
Avon, Frank M.
Sixth race — Iitiralighter, Orfeo,
Pirateer.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
FIFTH RACE— Kivp furlonffg; selling.
Batting. Kcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Fox Lake. DO (H. Phillips) 12 11
H to 1— Iloceo 05 (Cok-xnan) 4 1 2 2*i
10 to 1— Edwin Hale. 108 (Wndrly) 9 8 3 l'j
Time, 1:11. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. R. Ellison's b. c by Water Level-
Vlgllette. Sol Smith 103, Soldier of Fortune
104. Tokalon loo. Trapsetter 98. Lawndale US,
Dorice 104, also ran. . \
PIXTH RACE— One mile; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
a to 5— Carat. 107 (Wilson) 4 4 1214
40 to I— Rabunta, 107 (Ferrell)... 3 5 2 li
7 to 1 — Fingal. 107 (Robbing) 2 1 3 «
Time. 1:40 1-5. Start lair. Won easily.
Winner. J. McAllister's b. r. by KinR ReKent-
MIes Knight. Marincuse 107, Alline Abbott
107. Lou Woods 107, Pirate's Daughter 107.
Kinp Rex 107. Iwanta 107, also ran. (Brook
ful Jr. left at post.)
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Sept. 18. — Hawthorne entries:
Flirt race, six furlongs — Qalanthee 108, Re
can 109. James J. Corbett 108, Fleuron 107,
Sir Christopher 105, Frivol 105. Charlie Graln
per 105, Lady Kent 105. Federal 104. Dutch
Carter 100. Bagdad 100, The Rabbit 100, Gra
cious 100.
S<?cond race, handicap, steeplechase, short
course — Duke of York 157. Oliver Mac 146,
Mrs. Grannan -141, Paulaker 14f>, Itacatlara
irjtj. Limelight lS. r >. Snowdrift 135, Galba 130,
First Past 130, John E. Owens 13S.
Third race, six furlonc*. Fleetfoot handicap
— The Kentuckian 110. N'ellle Waddell 110,
Beau Ormonde 110. Schvrrdbe 107, Sylvia Tal
bot 103, McOee 104, Talpa 101, Gypzene 100,
Federal 9b, The Forum 9O.
Fourth race, five furlongs, handicap — Audi
tor 122. Toledo 111. William Wright 10t$, My
Grm 05. Trompeuse 100, Testimony 100, Fon
casta 103.
Fifth race, one mile, spiling — Emma A. M.
IOC, King Rex 93. Major Dlxon OS, Mr. Dingle
06. Max Bendlx 95. Rube 95. Bard of Avon 05.
Antolee 93. Ida V 05, Moor 95, Frank M 02,
Reckless 83.
Sixth race, one mile — Orfeo 111, The Don
111. LuraliBhter 111. Pirateer 107, Tioga 104,
Blue Miracle 107, Pallor's Dream 104.
Weather clear. Track Blow.
San Francisco County
to Try Its Skill Against
Alamedan Cricketers
ON the eround at Webster street,
Alameda, to-day the last series of
matches between the city cricket
clubs will be begun by a match
between the San Francisco County and
Alameda elevens. This Is the last game
that will be played during the present
season between the two clubs that are
In the lead for the Brown pennant of 1903.
The Alameda team will be made up of
F. A. Stahl, J. H. Saunders, B. Bird,
F. Croll, II. Bird, J. Cowie. Harold Ward
Jr. (captain), XV. J. Richter, J. Brown,
J. Bird and C. Banner.
The San Francisco County representa
tives will be chosen from the following:
E. G. Sloman, Harold B. Richardson
(captain) B. Kortlangr, E. Petersen, E.
II. Wilkes, P. K. Johns, W. G. Rowley,
H. Roberts. T. J. A. Tiedemann, W. R.
Stewart. R. H. Corbett and T. J. A.
Tiedemann Jr. If the San Francisco
County team should win the match lt
will give to that club the championship
pennant of 1903. If the Alameda team
should beat the San Francisco County
team to-morrow and should also win its
match ag-ainst the representatives of the
Pacific Club on Sunday, the 27th, the Ala
meda team will be In the lead.
riTTSBTjna wins pennant
OF THE NATIONAL LEAGUE
Takes Both Gomes From Boston by
Hard Hitting in the Ninth i
Inning'.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 18. — Pittsbursr gained
the pennant to-day by winning two games
from Boston. Both games were "won in the
ninth Inning by hard hitting. Attendance,
8000. Scores :
First game — R. H. E.
Pittsburg _. ...._._._.. 7 12 2
Boston 6 8 1
Batteries — Leaver and Phelps; Malarkey and
Second came — R. H. B.
PlttBburg 6 12 1
Boston 5 12 ' 0
Batteries — Thompson and Smith; Pittlnger
and Moran. Umplre^ — Hurst.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 18.— Cincinnati gave
the last game of the series to the New Yorks
to-day by numerous errors at critical stages.
Attendance, 1900. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 16 4
New York 7 11 2
Batteries — Suthoff. and Peltz; Taylor,
Matthewson and Warner. Umpire— -O' Day.
. CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— Both games were
lco^ely played to-day. The locals won the
flrct by a margin of one, a single, a pass and
two errors giving them the winning run.
Chick Frazer pitched a remarkable game in
the second, shutting: /Chicago out without a
run or hit, while his team found both the
local's new pitchers for fourteen hits and ten
runs. Attendance, 1200. Scores:
First tranie — R. H. E.
Chicago ~ .«.. — .. 6 10 3
Philadelphia 5 0 4
Batteries — Wicker and Kline; Sparks and
Dooin.
Second jrame^ — R. H. E.
Chicago -. - 0 0 3
Philadelphia 10 14 4
Batteries — Graham, Currle and Kllrfg; Frazer
and Zlmmer. Umpires — Emslie and Moran.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. IS.— Philadelphia
and St. Louis played two games to-day and
broke even. Attendance, 4400. Scores:
First came — R. H. E.
St. Louis 8 8 0
Philadelphia S 0 1
Batteries — Sudhoff, Morgan and Sugden;
Bender, Plank and Schreck.
Second came — ' R. H. E.
St. Louis 0 15 0
Philadelphia «*.... 3 0 0
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; Henley, Ben
der, Fairbanks and Schreck.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 18.— "Washington won
both games to-day and for the lirst time this
season took the whole series froai a club.
Injnkle's splendid pitching in the first game
scored a shut out. Detroit cave a local
amateur a trial " at short and his work cost
them the second game. Attendance, 1700.
Scores :
First game— R. H. E.
Washington —....- 4 0 0
Detroit 0 7 2
Batteries—; Wilson. Dunklo and Klttredge;
Kissinger and McGulre.
Second game — . R. H. E.
Washington 0 0 1
Detroit • '. 5 9 1
Batteries — Patten and Drill; Klt»on and Bu
low.
BOSTON. Sept. 18. — Boston won its third
straight victory over Cleveland to-day in an
exciting finish. Parent knocking a home run
in the ninth with a man on bases. Attend
ance. 4700. Scorm:
R. H. E.
Boston 7 10 0
Cleveland .6 0 5
Batteries — Dlneen and Farrell; Killian and
Abbott.
. NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The local American ,
League team took both games of A double- j
FOrRTH RACE— One mile; selling.
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Alrlieht. 305 (Spencer)... 2 3 1 14
7 to.2 — Christine A. 102 (Knapp). 1 4 2 H
14 to 5 — Fading LJght. 105 (Wilsn) 0 O 3 3
Time, 1 :40 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, S. S. Brown's br. t. by Lamplighter-
Sunbeam. Serge 97. Safeguard 102. Mauser 102.
F!ore?tan JW. Morendo 90. Tioga 07, Little Mis
sion 09. Jove 1U3. also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— North Wind. 104 (d. Bnnr) 4 3 15
9 to 10— Moor, 101 (Knapp) 2 124
5 to 1 — Lr-aroyd. 101 (Ferrell) 14 3 5
Time, 1:32 3-5. Start perfect. Won easily.
Winner, A. Banner's br. c. by George Klnney-
Ocysete. Jaubert 104 also ran.
SECOI^D RACE — Six furlongs; purse,
letting. Horss. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
15 to 1— Callant. 107 (Phillips). . . 14 11
4 to 5— Delagoa, 104 (Wilson) 2 2 2 1>4
CO to 1— I-rd. Mlbrnc, PS (Ollpnant) 5 5 3 2'^
Time, 1 :1C 3-fi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C D. Hutiler's gr. g. by Flatlands-
CalllopsI?. Ahola 101. Hindus 104. Anna Beall
OS. Omdurman 107, also ran.
practically the feature of Haw
thorne's very ordinary card to-day. Her
defeat was not more surprising than the
-victory of the ?ray eliding Callant. which
has had a meteoric career on local tracks
this season. Ho was practically neglected
In tho betting at 1"> to 1 and proved much
the best, winning by a length and going
away. The track was drying cut fast.
Tho weather was clear and cold and the
attendance unexpectedly good for Friday
with no special feature on the card.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Fiva furlongs; purse,
letting. Horse, Weight, Jooney. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Chockkjotte. 115 <Adklns). 2 111
S to 1 — Go Between, 100 (Wndrly). 6 4 2 n
3 to 1 — Ap-ile, 1C« ( Wilson) S 6 :(2
TIruc. 1:04 .1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, "Ward & Kalian's ch. g. bv Huron-
Funny Eesler. Envcrile 108, RJan 105, Coroner
Kelly 108. Sky Pilot 10S. Instrument 113 Vir
ginia Boy 10S, Plantus 1C5, Charlie Slide 108,
Oleometer 1C&. Clanger 108. also ran.
CHICAGO. Sept IS.— Delagoa's de
feat In the second race. In which
she was an oCda-on favorite, was
Spoclal Diepatch to Tho Call.
CITY TEAM
MEETS BLUE
AND WHITE
Captain D. W. Donnelly will have charge
of the affair. He is the "father of the
club" and takes an active interest In Its
affairs. The organization will take a deep
Interest in amateur sports and will have
entries in the various tournaments dur
ing the winter months.
Address. William Greer Harrison, president
of the Olympic Athletic Club; wrestling by
members of the Olympic Club; selection. Press
Club Quartet (A. E. McMillan. K. H. Hunt, R.
E. Keens and G. R. King); Roman rings,
Mrssrs. Bchlltter and Cornell; song, Miss Cheri
dah Simps-on; swinging lire clubs, members of
tho Olympic Club; specialties, George
Ryan; boxlnB, members of the Olympic Club;
tenor solo. R. H. Hunt: pyramids by members
of the Olympic Club; Dutch act. Masters Mori
orlty and Penaluna; selections, Press Club
Quartet.
As the Burlineame and San Mateo peo
ple are interested in the club a large and
fashionable attendance Is expected. The
programme fellows:
have a metropolitan flavor, as
Leader John J. Gleason of the Olympic
Athletic Club has charge of the pro
gramme. He has a long Hst of artists,
which includes the name of Miss Cheridah
Simpson, recently of the. Grand Opera
house, whose Infectious laugh Is alone
worth going far to hear, to say nothing
of her slnsinc
President William Greer Harrison will
deliver the dedicatory address, "which Is
sure to be a felicitous effort. "With Mr.
Harrison will be Kenneth Melrose and
other members of the Olympic Club di
rectorate. A special car will leave the
Olympic Club this evening at 7 o'clock
with the invited guests.
THE new clubhouse of the 8$n Ma
teo Athletic Club will be formally
dedicated to-night. The affair will
Hawthorne Attendance
Is Good for Friday in
Spite of a Poor Card
Callant, Neglected in the
Betting at I 5 to I, Is
Winner by a Length
SIXT7I RACE: — falling, for three-year-olds
end upward, cne and a sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
3 to 1— Lord Turco, 82 <Des=auza) 1 4 1 *•;
C» to 1 — Harrison. 100 (Sailing)... (J 2 2 1>4
15 to 1— Stonewall, 105 (ON'elll).. 3 7 3
Time. l:4U2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. \V. C. Smith's b. c. by Lord Hartlr.s
ton-Turcok. Hoodwink 105. Kinip-alne IOC.
Carroll L> 107. Knight of Garter 102. Baikal
IMJ. Sir Roche 102. Melsterflngf r 1O\ Gallant
EmUb 69. Joe Cobb 1C5, Man o 1 War 110, also
ran.
Time, 1:50 3-5. Start talr. Won easily.
Winner. T. W. Coulters b. c. by Sir Walter-
E'.Ele li. Guy Park US, Jola 110, Halora 109,
Uuecn Elizabeth 108. Ert* 1O>, Kins Carter
112. WilliamEttad 112. Dr. Birpel 109. The Loop
108, Tom Lais-son Id*. Nult Blanche lOa, Pasa
Book 112. Albany Girl 110. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Ptlling. for maiden three
y^ar-olds, one and a sixteenth miles:
CettinK. Uons«>, Weight. Jockey. J?t. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Capt. Buckle. 112 <Bolsen).12 5 14
4 lo 1 — PaR-et. 1CW (Burns) ti 4 2 h
SO to 1 — Bolina. 103 (Cannon) 7 9 3 4
FOURTH rtACn— The FlaUand Selling
Flakes, for two-year-olds, five and a half fur
lones:
l'.ettins. Horf=e, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
J« to 1— Letoia, 01 (Creamer) 1 1 1 114
a to 2— Fiaxnmula. 100 <HiFglr.sK. 4 2 2 8
IS to 1— Mordeila, S'J <W. Fisher). 9 C 3
Tlir.e, 1:08 1-5. Start bad. Wen driving.
Winner. W. B. Jennings' ch. f. by Star Ruby-
Lencoeia. Tcm Cod 107. Thistle Heather 83.
Juvenal Maxira 107, Avtr-Bfr JO4. Mimon K*.
Hath Beach M, Reveille &'J. Tendercrest to,
luso ran.
Tlmi-. 1 :54 4-5. mart fair. Won driving.
Winner, Goughacre Stab'e'e b. c by Aihellnu-
Mlss Qtesaan. Charles Elwood 122, Tribes Hill
H7. Color.gay 00. Lord Badge 100. Circus 'J5,
also ran.
THIRD RACE — Handicap, for all ages, ono
snd an eighth miles:
Betdnc. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
2 to 1 — Phorthose, 115 (Odora) 5 2 12
4 to 1 — Wild Plrat«\ 102 (O'Neill).. 6 3 2 2
4 to 1 — lllvcr Pirate. 113 (Hicks).. 3 6 3 h
Time, 1 :a> 3-.V Ptart poor. Won driving.
Winner. D. C. Johneon'a b. c. by Knight of the
Thistle-Liady Alice. Hedman 107, lliverdale
J1O. ltub liuy 10T. Tower Io7. Hello 110. Hylas
107. Orthodox 112. Hydrangea 107. Dutiful 113.
£hady Lad 107, Kuby llempstead 107, also ran.
SDCOXD KA.CE — For maiden two-year-olds,
five and a half furlorjrs:
Boning. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
?> to 1 — Jacquin. 110 tF"uller) 6 4 1 Hj
15 to 1 — TUhonic. 110 (HiKgins). .11 3 2 H
20W to 1— Belle c? Portland. 107
UJoisen) 4 1 3 h
Time. 1 :11 4-5. Start bad. Won driving.
"Winner. W. C Daly's b. c by Bain Lucas-
Ilithyia. Gold Saint 10i. also ran.
otter day durirs the racing sea
son. Tbe satcrnalia re&Uy began -with
the first raco. wbea Elyria, backed uovrn
fronx S to 1 to 4 to 1, defeated Parislenne,
Wealth and Vtra-r ear-old G-old Saist.
Refifcrn roie Holy's colt, evidently neither
cf his own lails l>eiLg good enough to have
tto mount to-£*y.
Dave Johnson's stalwart ngnr© appeared
in the bettics rlns early la the day and
r.hen the secosd race vts called the spe
ciric reason for his presence iras appar
ent. Ilia highly regarded colt Jacquin,
vjo early in the yuir was expected to
a great stake, at last made good and
his owner backed him so ¦well that he
v.uj accredited 'with a. handsome day's
w*inl£|js. Jt Is no sure thins that John
pon would have won bis bets, however,
but for the fact that tho favorite, August
Helmonfs Orthodox, was so badly pinch
t<i oJf at tho start that he never had a
chance. Hello of Portliind, at 100 to 1, was
third la this race.
FI11ST UACE— Handicap, for all ages, six
furloaci:
Urttlng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1 — niyria. 97 (Kc-dfern) 1 1 1 hi
4 to 1— I'artsience. 11* ((yNeiU).. 6 2 2 6
2 to 1 — Wealth. 12* <Ooburnj 2 4 3 h
GRAYESEND, K. Y., Sept. IS.— iloro
good thi=s3 -srero turned loose at
GraveseEd to-^aj- than oa any
Fptrial r^.sya:;*] to Tie Csll
Jacquin Makes Good
and His Owner Takes
a Fine Day's Winnings
ept Season of Racing
Easy Things Break Every
Record for the Pres-
GRAVESEND'S
CARD IS FULL
OF MARVELS
DELAGOA'S
DEFEAT IS
A SURPRISE
President William Greer Harrison and Other Olympic
Club Directors Will" Play a Prominent Part in the
Evening's Exercises to Be Held in the New Building
SAN MATEO ATHLETIC CLUB HOUSE
WILL BE FORMALLY DEDICATED
SPORTS OF THE TURF, THE PRIZE RING AND THE FIELD
UNCLE'S MEN
MAKE RALLY
IN EIGHTH
Pull Game Out of Fire
With the Score 4 to
2 in Favor of Fisher
PENCILERS
DROP COIN
AT DELMAR
Four Favorites and Sec
ond Choice Successful
in the St. Louis Races
Cold WeatherCausesthe
Fans to Shiver and Has
Effect on Ball Tossers
Little Scout the Winner
of the Feature Event
in the Ordinary Card
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coaat League.)-
W. L. Pet. I W. , L. Pet.
Los Anjrls..f>5 66 .r.T.0, Portland ..65 *O .447
Fan Fran.. 86 71 .5-11 Oakland ..71 93 .433
Sacramnto.78 74 .514! Seattle ...63 »4 .434'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
T. LOUIS, Sept. 13.— Of a very or-
dinary card at Delmar Park this
afternoon the fifth race attracted
most interest. It was won by LJttle
Scout, an odds-on favorite. As four fa
vorites and one second choice were suc
cessful the bookmakers received an awful
drubbing. The weather was clear, the
track heavy and the attendance fair.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; sellinff:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Alcom R. 87 (Hanne3«ey). 2 114
8 to 1— Bugle Horn, 00 (McKinney) 1 3 2 H
6 to 1 — M. Monarch. 112 (Castro), 3 4 3 lt>
Time, 1:21%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. R. E. Watkins & Co.'s ch. g. by
Henry of Navarre-Flitter Mouse. Capital 82,
Zulma 104, D'Arcy 90, Ponchartraln 65, Duke
Dashaway 104, Badger 108, Galolt l<r.\ also ran.
SECOND RACE— iOne mile and seventy
yards; sealing:
Betting. Horse, Weisht, Jockey, fat. 9i Fin.
6 to 5 — Worthington, 103 (Scully). 2 115
2 to 1— Aules. 06 (Shea) 1 2 28
8 to 1 — Varna Fonso, 80 (Perkins) o a 3 1
Time. 1:54. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. M. Goldblatt's gr. g. by St. Julien-
Ida Glenn. Satin Coat 100. Counter Tenor 80.
also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weisht, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 5— Quaker Girl, 10-1 (Smith).. 1111
4 to 1— W. of Ivy, 110 (Austin) 3 2 2 12
O to 1— Leech, 103 (Birkenruth)... 5 5X2
Time, 1:12. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, W. M. Rogers' br. f. by Montana-De
mure. Lady Free Knight 105, Ocyroche 105,
Bertha Van 100, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; sellln*:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey, at. «i Fin.
Even — Stand Pat, 101 (Austin).. 3 112
4 to 1 — Lt. Opera, 100 (Livingston) 2 4 2 1
6 to 1— Barca, 104 (Birkenruth)... 4 3 3 1
Time, 1:40%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Hayes & Jackson's b. g. by Luke
Blackburn-Vlstage. Uranium 98 aide ran.
FIFTH RACE — One- and three-sixteenth,
miles; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 10— Little Scout. 110 (Shehn) 1 1 1 *6
7 to 6— Slddons, 101 (Castro)... 3 2 2 15
13 to 1— W. B. Gates, OS (Scully) 2 3 3
Time, 2:00 Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. C. Bennett & Co.'s ch. c. by Lamp
lixhter-Llttle Indian.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
2 to 1 — Dave Sommers, 108 (Shea^ 4 2 17
5 to 1 — Spencerian, 87 (Perkins). 3 ti 2 1
12 to 1— Maghoni, 109 (Sheehan) ..84 31
Time, 1:20. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. W. Elliott's br. c. by Hlr.doo-Lady
Macbeth. Geortuga 104. Cap and Gown 94.
Comora 92, Requisition 112, Tlomalne 87, Cay
bon 69, also ran.
AS the banks of fog were beginning
to descend gently on the ball field
at Recreation Park yesterday, and
Umpire Jim McDonald was wait
ing to call it all off. the native talent
suddenly came through with a rally. It
did not last Ions, but when it was all
over the Senators were routed and all
the glory was Uncle's. Score. 5 to 4.
The Senators managed to cop out the
lead early in the flght and threatened to
hold It for a while. The home team did
not seem risht and could not stop tho
onward march of the Senatorial gang.
Iberg was pitching great ball for a sick
man. but somehow the Senators managed
to amass four runs.
Every one seemed to have conceded the
game to the Senators and no one held
out any hope for a rally till it came un
expectedly.
In th« eighth, with the score 4 to 2
against them, the home sluggers took a
brace. A hit by Meany and two bases
on balls filled the bags. Then Pabst flew
to left field and Meany beat the throw
to the plate. Krus went out, and It did
not look good.
Delmas responded with a drive that
went through Casey and both Irwln and
Zearfoss registered, making the score 5
to 4 in favor of Uncle Henry. The score:
Sacramento— I Ean Francisco —
AB. R. II. P.A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
Cisey,2b. 4 O 2 4 2 Lynch. If. 3 © O 1 O
Hildbd.lf 4 O o 2 o Meany.rf 3 2 13 0
McLgh.rf 3 10 1 0 Irwln,3b. 2 113 8
Epan.s.. 3 0 0 0 2 Zearfss.c 3 113 1
Twns.l.lb.4 i 1 8 0 Pabst.lb. 3 0 0 13 0
Shehn,3b 3 0 0 3 2,Krug.cf. 4 10 2 0
Uoyle.cf. 4 12 1 0 Delma.Zb 4 O 1 1 1
Hcgran. c 3 O O 5 O Raymd.s. 3 O 1 1 S
Keefe.p.. 2 10 0 2 Iberg.p.. » O 0 O 3
•Graham 101O0
' Totals 27 3 8 27 11
Totals 31 4 6 2J 8 1
•Batted for Keefe in ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0> O 2 O O 2 O 0 0—4
Base hits O © 2 O O 2 1 O 1 — «
Ean Francisco O O O 1 O 1 O 3 x — 5
Ease hits 0 0 10 0 2 0 2 x— 5
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Raymond, Doyle, Irwln. Er
rors — Casey. McLaughlln. Iberg. Egan. Two
base hits — Raymond. Irwin. Sacrifice hits —
Hogan. Egan. Hlldebrand, Zearfoss. First
base on error — San Francisco 1. First bane
on called balls — Oif Iberg 3, off Keefe 5. Left
on bases — San Francl3eo 5, Sacramento 7.
Struck out— By Ifcerg 3, by KeeJe 4. Double
play — Casey to Townsend. Hit by pitcher —
Kheehan. Paired ball — Hogan. Time cf gama
— 1 hour 50 minutes. Umpire — McEMuald.
OAKLAITD TAKES LONG GAME.
Defeats Los Angeles After Thirteen
Innings of Fast Play.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 13.— Gray had th«
Oaklanders chut out up to the very last of the
ninth lnninc, and the score should have been
1 to 0. With two men out In the ninth and an
easy throw to catch Messerly at first. Gray
threw the ball ten feet over Spies' head and a
moment later Messerly scored on Graham's hit.
The scora then stood 1 to 1, and it required
four more tnnlnna to end»lt. In the thirteenth
the visitors tumbled tf> Gray's curves and bat
ted out four runs. The game was one of the
fastest and »naspiest played here in a long
time. Pete Lohman was put out of the grounds
for talking too much and Gorton was fined $5.
both Gray and Graham did some marrelo.ua
pitching. Score:
Oakland — t Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
O'H'ra.cf 7 0 O 3 O Hoy. cf. 6 0 1 ,3 O
Dver"x,s 6 0 13 3 ',Vh p ler.2b 6 0 3 3 7
6chrtz,2b 5 1 2 5 C Smith,3b 5 0 114
Mrduk.rf 6 13 3 0 Spies. Jb « 0 1 21 0
Kruger.lf 4 112 0 Crvth. rf 5 0 12 0
Mssrly.lb 6 1 2 13 0 Robs. If. 6 O 3 O O
Baxter.3b 3 O O 1 2 Toman. • ti O O 3 S
Gorton, c 4 O 1 0 3|Hurlbt. o 4 1 2 5 1
Grahm.p 5 0 10 «|Gray. p. 5 O O 1 3
Mkmn.ob 1 1 1 J> 2
Total3.4D 1 12 30 20
Totals. 47 5 12 SD 19
RUX3 AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 000010000000 0— 1 •
Base hits 102120012110 1 — 12
Oakland ........ OOO0000010O0 4 5
Base hits 110200110001 6 — 12
• SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Hoy, Ross, Toman, Murdock.
Errors— Hoy, Gray, O"Hara, Gorton. Three
base hit — Murdock. Two-base hits — Hurlburt.
Gorton, Wheeler. Schwartz. Moskiman. First
base on errors — Loa Angeles, 1 ; Oakland. 1.
First base on called balls — Off Graham. 2; off
Gray, 3. Struck out — By Gray, 6; by Graham.
t5. Left on bases — Los Angeles, 11; Oakland.
8. Sacrifice hits — Schwartz, Kruger, Graham.
Mosklman. Hit by pitcher — Gorton, Hurlburt.
Ttme of game — 2 hours and thirty minute*.
Umpire — C Connell.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. IS. — Delmar entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Ruth L flS.
Pope Leo 107. Ultra Vires 101, Laeache 93.
Called Back 10T, Peaches 09. Harry Griffith 99.
Stub 101, Ben Brainard 104. Goo Goo 98,
Goudy 98, Helen Hay 98, Certain 104, Charles
C 104.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
Athena 1O«. Hugh McGowan 06. "Walnut Hill
99. Wenrick 99.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Galanthus
107, Postman 104, Budweiser 93, Duela 102,
Broodier 104, Irene Mac 96. Tangent 101. Eliza
Cook 104. Zlrl 104, Crime 101, Aline S 90, Star
Gazer 104.
' Fourth race, seven furlongs, St. Francis
handicap— Dqji O'HIgh 92. Belvlno 103, Hilee
116, Pounxuoi Pas 93, Crolx d'Or 107. Jordan
108.
Fifth race, five furionss. purse — True Girl
105, Matt Wadlelgh 100, Black 105, Ida Davis
100, Interrogation 100. Baggerly 103, Ingol
thrift 103. Arlo 103, Cardona 100, Brick Fow
ler 105, Bradley Bill 105, Frank Collins 100.
W. P. Palmer 100.
Sixth race, one and three sixteenth mllee,
selling — Vlccerne 93. £1 Caney 100. Kingstelle
98. Branch 103, Galolt 91. The Bobby 103, Tony
Lapping 100.
Seventh race, six furlongs, selling— Miss
Manners 99, Sweet Dream C9, Bluegrass Girl
102, Dr. ScharlT 105, Sid Silver 101. Pierce J
110, Miss Gould 100, Balrd 107, Bernota 110.
Sweet Charity 108. Dynasty 107. Gus Lanka
107.
Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Harry Griffith, Charles
C, Peaches.
Second race — Hugh. McGowan,
Walnut Hill, Wenrick.
Third race — Duela, Irene Mac,
Budweiser.
Fourth race — Hilee, Jordan, Don
O'High.
Fifth race — Baggerly, W. P.
Palmer, Black.
Sixth race — The Bobby, Branch,
Tony Lepping.
Seventh, race — Sid Silver, Dr.
Scharff, Gus Lanka.
GREY SURPRISES CROWD
BY OUTPOINTING CAIRNS
Exciting Game at Portland.
PORTLAND. Sept. 19.— Barber held Portland
down to eight hits to-day. The *ame was
close and exciting. For seven Innings Butler
was invincible, but after that was hit hard.
Smith made a home run in a drive over the
right F.M.I fence and Van Buren made two
sensational catches. Attendance. 2000. Score:
r ? : £ ¦¦*-'" R. H. E.
Portland 10 0 2 0 0 0 0 0—3 8 "4
Seattle 10 0 0 0 0 2 2 0—5 11 2
Batteries — Butler and Shea; Barber and
Dyers. Umpire — Levy.
This seemed to puzzle Cairns, who would
run into it every time.
Bill" Johnston, the husky butcher boy,
earned a decision over Jim Fox after four
rounds of fighting that savored of the ol3
tlme article. Both men were bleeding
profusely from the first round on. Both
fought gamely and cleverly every inch of
the way. Johnson had the better of the
argument In .every round and was an easy
winner.
In the other fights Ed Kehoe received
the decision over Joe Crowley, Jack
O'Brien outpointed Abe Label, Harry
Fallon cot the decision over George Lar
kln and Willie Wolfe knocked out Jack
Hopkins in the second round.
Young Boxer Shows Wonderful
Cleverness and Wins Easily
From Olympic Club Lad.
A new boxing wonder in the person of
Jack Grey made his bow in the roped
arena at Mechanics* Pavilion Annex last
night under the auspices of the Lincoln
Athletic Club. Thto boy. who has been
trained under the watchful eye of Alex
Greggalns, showed he has the fighting
blood coursina through his veins. After
a pretty four-round exhibition he was
awarded the palm of victory over Bob
Calms, the much admired Olympic Club
lightweight.
Cairns took the lead in the first round
and seemed to puzzle Grey with his
swings and Jolts. The latter came up
fresh in the second- and from that time
on he had no difficulty in showing Cairns
up. He blocked every punch which the
Olympic Club boy shot at him and met
his opponent with an ever ready left jolt.
THE SAN FKAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
CAPTAIN OF THE SAN MATEO ATHLETIC CLUB, THROUGH WHOSE
,, UNTIRING EFFORTS THE ORGANIZATION HAS BEEN ENABLED
TO SECURE A COMMODIOUS AND WELL APPOINTED CLUBHOUSE.
BOSTON, Sept. 18.— Manager Collins of
the Boston American League team was
notified to-day by the owner of the club,
Henry Klllllea of Milwaukee, that a se
ries of nine games for the world's cham
pionship" between Boston, champions of
the American League, and _ Pittsburg,
champions of the National League, has
been arranged. The series will begin in
Boston about October 1 and will consist
of four games in each- city, with a ninth
game -here or at Pittsburg In case a tie
results. - -
Championship Baseball Series.
Leader J. J. Gleason of the Olympic
Club has matched the following boxers
for special bouts In the club next Thurs
day night:- x-
James Lineger vs. Bgb Lundy, catch
weights; George Murray vs. Bill Johnson,
catch weights; G. W. Flnnegan vs. Joe
Crowley, 106 pounds; "W. J. Leonard vs.
Jack Hughes, 127 pounds; Edward Anstett
vs. Dick Hyland, 122 pounds; Jack Grey
vs. George Braun, 135 pounds ; Jack Mc-
Carthy vs. Bob Cairns, 138 pounds.
9OAKLAND, Sept. 18.— Suit for dlvorco
.was •. begun .- to-day by .Jennie Buchanan
againsi Edward J. . Buchanan ; on the
cround of failure to provi^
Sues for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Sept. 18.-The following
marriage licenses "were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Thomas E. Mc-
Kee, 28, San Francisco, and Daisy L'.
Severy, 25," Berkeley; Ernest Roberts, 21,
and Jennie Victor, 15, both of Oakland;
Max Ranft, 30, and Fanny Sander, .21",
both of Berkeley.
Marriage Licenses.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.— The Gypsy Girl,
one of the missing fishing yachts of the
Fulton Market fleet, came into port to
day. Almost the smallest vessel in the
fleet, she went through the storm of
Wednesday without damage. The Ettle
Peterson, with a crew, of twenty-one, and
the Emily P. Wright, with seventeen,
have not been reported-
Fishing Yachts Missing. •
Five laborers, Patrick McAvoy, David
A. Jenkins, Goldie Silvernealer, Clemmle
Payne and Joe Gitard. were badly shaken
up and injured through an explosion while
drilling holes in a rock at Warren's quar
ry on San Bruno road yesterday after
r_oqn. The injured men were taken to
the' City and County Hospital, where they
were attended by Dr. McElroy. Sllver
ncaler's rase was the most serious and
It*}- prove liituL ..
Laborers Injured at Quarry.
The patrbling special police officers of
this city held a meeting at Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street, yesterday after
noon, organized and joined an association
to be known as the Patrollng Special Po
lice Officers Protective, and Aid Associa
tion. J. J. Smith was elected chairman
and Paul Schmidt secretary. The asso
ciation was formed to' aid the sick and
disabled, as well as the widows and
orphans. Another meeting will be held
Monday, September 21, at 2:30 p. m. at
the same hall.
Special Policemen Organize.
Ellas Wiberg filed a libel in the United
States District Court yesterday against
the American steamer Westport to re
cover $0000 damages for personal injuries.
The complaint alleges that while the
steamer was lying at San Pedra on April
20 of this year the capstan broke and
fractured both of Wiberg's legs, besides
inflicting other minor injuries. It is a i
legtd further that the owners and the
master of the vessel knew that the cap
stan was In bad condition and liable to
break and that thry should be held re
sponsible in damages for his injuries.
Libel for Injuries.
The Mission Park Association held an
enthusiastic meeting at Native Sons" Hall
last evening. A large gathering of Mis
sion citizens who are Interested in the es
tablishment of a park In that section of
the city were present. Eloquent addressee
were made by Eustace Cullinan. the pres
ident of the meeting; Supervisor John
Alpers, Principal Joseph O'Connor of the
Mission High School, E. R. Pease and Dr.
J. Brady. Mayor Schmitz dropped In to
ward the end of the meeting and assured
the assemblage that the movement • had
his best wishes. A band furnished music
between the speeches.
Advocate Park in Mission District.
Rudolph Manacha, a 'laborer, residing at
405 Turk street, was found by the police
lying on the sidewalk at Sixteenth and
Bryant streets at 1 o'clock yesterday
morning. Buffering from several cuts and
bruises. The injured man was taken to
the City and County Hospital, where he
Etated he fell from a streetcar. His In
juries may prove serious, as he com
plains of severe pains in his chest and
abdomen.
Falls From a Street Car.
Three boys— Joseph Sylvester, aged 14
years; CharUs Spano. aged 16 years, and
buy Bogano of the same age— were ar
rested at the foot of Fillmore street yes
terday by Policeman. Maher and charged
at the North End station with grand lar
crny. The trio captured a peddler's outfit,
consisting of a horse, wagon and several
boxes of fruit, on the water front and
started out to realize on the sale of the
fruit, when they were caught and
locked up.
Boys Face Serious Charge.
CYNTHIANA, Ky., Sept 18.— In the
trial of Curtis Jett to-day for killing
Town Marshal Thomas Cockrill. eleven
witnesses testified that they heard the
shots fired and immediately afterward
saw Jett come out of the courthouse, thus
corroborated the six witnesses yester
day. Howard Blanton said he heard Jett
say: "This is the forty-fifth that ,1 laid
low, and' I'll visit my kinfolks."
MORE WITNESSES TELL
OF JETT'S PRESENCE
There was a collision at D o'clock y«3
terday morning at tho crossing of Twen
ty-fourth and Castro streets between two
cars of the United Railroads Company.
There were but two passengers on board
of the Castro-street car and they jumped
and avoided danger. At the time of the
collision car 107 of the Castro-street line
w ; as descending a steep grade on ita
course south and car 107S of the Twenty
fourth-street line was inbound. Both cars
were considerably damaged. The rear
portion of the Castro-street car was de
molished and the trolley car had its front
windows and woodwork smashed.
Street Cars Collide.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination at San
Rafael October 3 for clerk-carrier in the
postofflce service in that city. Age limit,
18 to 45 years. Persons who desire to com
pete should apply to the Consolidated
Board of Civil Service Examiners, 301
Jackson street, San Francisco, or to the
auxiliary secretary, San Rafael postofflce,
for application form 101 and instructions
to applicants. Form 101 should be proper
ly executed and filed with the Consoli
dated Board at San Francisco.
Examination for Clerk-Carrier.
A party, consisting of members of the
National Association of City Ticket
Agents from various points in the East,
who have been holding a convention in
Salt Lake, arrived here yesterday morn
ing by way of Portland and registered at
the Occidental Hotel. There are about 100
In the party, the majority of whom have
frequently visited this city and are con
sequently well acquainted with it. At the
convention the association was repre
sented by 300 delegates, but many of them
returned home after adjournment.
Those now here decided on a trip to the
coast, via Portland, and were afforded
ample accommodations for making the
journey, which will include a visit to Los
Angeles. The Southern Pacific Company
will endeavor to make the stay of the
visitors as pleasant as possible, although
they prefer to be left alone for their en
joyment.
Visiting Ticket Agents.
Edwin Blanchard, 22 years of age, who
says he is a farmer, was arrested early
yosterday morning on Dupont street by
Policemen Orr and Reade on a charge
of battery. He was accused of attacking
Louie Bing. a Chinese. Yesterday Louie
Sing Informed Detective McMahon that
Blanchard had not only struck him, but
had taken 510 cut of his pockets and a
charge of robbery was booked against
Blanchard.
Accused of Robbery.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. Mrs. Mary E.
Jahn and her 13-year-old daughter. Pearl,
died to-day from burns caused by light
ed gasoline, and Harry, the 10-year-old
son of the woman, is also fatally burned.
The boy had been in the habit of help
ing his mother about the stove during the
day. He was a somnambulist and last
night he went through the operation of
turning on and lighting the stove in his
sleep. A fire resulted and Mrs. Jahn and
Pearl ran to the boy's aid.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER
DEAD; SON" WILL DIE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 18.
Ex-Mayor R. W. Snow was attacked
and severely beaten last night in front of
his residence, at 914 Eighth street, by
Adolph Goldman, who conducts a crock
cry store at 307 Washington street.
Snow's face and head were severely
bruised and scratched in the encounter.
Goldman says Snow owes, him money.
The ex-Mayor thinks his assailant is la
boring under hallucinations.
The ex-Mayor said:
Goldman has been hounding me ever since I
was Mayor. I once did him a favor and he has
since been trying to strike up a friendship, and
his conduct is very offensive to me. When
I refuse to associate with him he becomes
angry and threatens my life and that of my
»Hf " I nave been living Jn constant fear
of him for more than a year. «
When I went to Chicago he followed me and
remain'd there a week, dogging my stepw.
Klnce my return to California he has still
hounded me. I^st January, while I was living
in San Francisco, I was compelled to seek po
lice protection. Chief Wlttman detailed a
bodyguard to protect me. To evade this insane
pursuer I have constantly changed my place
or residence. On three different occasions I
have taken pistols away from Goldman and
twice I have re'ieved him of razors. I have
been at a loss to know how to rid myselr of
his constant annoyance.
Last night I returned from an outing on the
American River. While there Goldman vis
lted . me three times, repeating his threats. Last
night as I stepped, from tho train he was
iL. 8tatIon to meet me. - He insisted on
walking with me and as we reached my home
at T L Eighth street he BUddenly assaulted me.
I have never been associated with Goldman
In business and I do not owe him any money,
unless he considers that I am Indebted to him
because In his excessive friendliness he has
spent his money in taking me to theaters and
dinners.
I may have the man arrested for insanity. I
can at least have him arrested for disturbing
my peace.
Goldman has gone Into' hiding.
We more two day« finding- out what the
cium o* U»e trouble was. It began Wednesday
nijrl.t. ¦*_ "¦• the tappera In the homes of mem
txrr» ¦* ***• . -iunte»r Fire Department buzzed
and *¦„% ""» * wcrk properly. A* a- precau
tion i>*'; """¦-•- »rP*r ayBtem "cut out" until I
could a««f>ii«!n where the trouble lay. There
were 22HO vclu running through tha light wJre
and if a person ahould have touched one of the
house tappers when It was charged the result
would very likely have proved fatal.. I am at
a lot* to account for the dastardly deed. I
have notlfled the police of my discovery.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 18.— Lives were en
dangered and the efficiency of the fire
alarm system lessened by the criminal
act of some miscreant who connected the
tapper line of the system with a wire ot
the electric light department which car
ries 2300 volts. The connection was dis
covered last evening by Superintendent
G. A. Wiese of the municipal light works.
It was made with a copper wire in a
tree on Broadway near San Jose avenue",
through which the light and alarm lines
pass. From the workmanlike manner in
which the job /was done Wiese concludes
that the vandal was an expert lineman.
Why any person should seek to damage
the city is a ! mystery, and the general
belief is that the connecting was done
by some one bent on inflicting damage
to the local x telephone system and wno
made a mistake in joining the fire alarm
and electric light wires when he intended
to connect , the light wire with a tele
phone wire.' The result would have been
that the powerful current would have
burned out all the telephones on the cir
cuit. In speaking of the matter Superin
tendent Wiese said:
OAKLAND. Sept. 18.— Whitely D. Byrd.
a Southern Pacific switchman, was ar
irsted to-day at Port Costa by Detective
George Kyte on a charge of aggravated
battery, alleged to have been committed
on a girl at his home in San Antonio,
Texas. Byrd denies the charge and claims
that his wifp. from whom he is separated,
is responsible. He will be held pending
the arrival of an officer /rom Texas. He
says he will return without a fight on
extradition.
Wanted in Texas.
Adolph Goldman Makes
Vicious Attack' on
Former Official.
Vandal Endangers Lives
by Tampering With
Electric Wires.
The members of the Automobile Club of
California have commenced work in earn
est on their race meeting to be- held at
Ingleside November 7 and 8.
A number of racing men are expected
from the East. A handicapper will also
be brought on who Is familiar with the
men and the machines they drive. There
will be cash prizes and trophies for pro
fessionals and valuable trophies for ama
teurs. Los Angeles, - Fresno and other
coast cities will be represented.
The struggle of Caroline Casagrande to
upset the will of the late Stanislaus An
toldi, which has been on in Judge Cof
fey's court for the last two days. Is a
one-sided affair so far as the evidence so
far taken in the case is concerned. The t
claim made by the contestant that the
date line In the will was Interpolated af
ter the document was filed In the County
Clerk's office - was effectually disproved
Wednesday by the offering in evidence by
Attorney Garret McEnerney of a photo
graphic copy of the will taken at the
time it was filed. Yesterday three dif
ferent people who saw the will the day It
'was filed and several day3 after testi
fied that the line was there when they
saw the document. It was also shown irr
a copy of thu will made the- day follow
ing the filing of the testament. McEner
ney himself took the stand and testified;
about the filing of the will and said that
unquestionably the disputed date line
was there at the time. The case will bo
All Saw the Date Line.
EASTERN RACING MEN V'v/
FOR AUTOMOBILE MEET
EX-MAYOR SNOW
IS ASSAULTED
W. R. Marks, known as "Beefsteak
Bill," reported to Policeman Gaston on
Thursday that some one had attempted to
burn down his roadhouse on the San Bru
no road. He said h«* discovered a fire
burning in a shed adjoining the house
about' 1 o'clock that morning and was
able to extinguish it before much dam
age was done. He suspected one of his
neighbors. Captain Martin yesterday not
ified Fire Marshal Towe and an investi
gation will be made.
Incendiary at Work.
¦ A report was circulated In Chinatown
yesterday to the effect that the Chinese
Six Companies had offered a reward to
any highbinder who -would kill any white
man or Chinese engaged in the defense of
Woo Sook. charged with robbery. Woo
Sook's attorney is William S. Barnes and
the preliminary examination of the de
fendant will be held before Police Judge
Cabaniss next Wednesday. No credence
was placed in the report.
Woo Sook is accused of being one of
the highbinders who on the early morn
ing of May 30, 1902, broke into a store at
726 Dupont street for the purpose of rob
bery and during a free fight Wong See
Cheong, one of the proprietors of the
store, was shot twice.
Wong Kee was the leader of the gang
and was arrested at the time and iden
tified by Wong See Cheong. He is now
serving a term in San Quentln, along
with another member of the gang. Woo
Sook was arrested in. Portland last month
and was brought from there by Detec
tive Ed Gibson on August 28.
Trouble Brewing for Any One En
gaged in the Defense of Woo
Sook.
CHINESE SAID TO SEEK
LIFE OF AN ATTORNEY
It is not expected that Sir . Thomas
will be able to leave his bed for the
greater part of a week to come, and it
will be at least ten days before he is
able to travel.
CHICAGO. Sept. IS. — The condition of
Sir Thomas Llpton was pronounced tn
nisht by his physicians to be entirely
satisfactory, and it is believed that all
danger has passed, though the doctors
say that it will be several days before
they will be able to make that statement
with entire confidence.
"W»» see no reason," said Dr. Thomas
to-night, "why Sir Thomas should not
mend rapidly. All dangerous symptoms
have subsided to almost nothing, and
while it is still too early to say that
there is no danger whatever, we think
there is no doubt of his rapid recovery."
Show Resentment for Principal Who
Refuses Them Permission to
Play FootbalL
LA CROSSE. Wls.. Sept. 1S.-A large
crowd of students of the local high
school gathered on the campus and
burned In effigy Principal Hemminway.
because one of them had been refused
permission to play on the. football team
this season.
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
BURN TEACHEE IN EFFIGY
Cashier O'Connor states that he has no
knowledge that any employe has signed
the payroll before the amount of his sal
ary was filled in. He denies that a $1400
man had been replaced by a $600 man
who received the higher salary, and he
declares emphatically that wherever a
substitute was employed he received all
the salary that . was opposite his name
on the payroll. He says that Secretary
Richardson was placed on the rolls as
cashier about two years ago on an order
from Washington at a salary of $2600.
This statement effectually disposes of
the charge that Postmaster Montague
was directly or Indirectly instrumental in
having Richardson paid for services which
he never performed.
Richardson has been traced to Lacon
ner. In the State of Washington, where
he is sojourning with his wife. She Is a
resident of that town, and Richardson
went up there about three months ago
and married her.
It is also charged that 51100 per an
num clerks on sick leave for two years
have had their places filled by $600 per
annum substitutes who received $1400 per
annum for such services. Another case
is said to be that of a $1000 per annum
clerk absent more than a year with his
place filled by a JGOO clerk drawing the
salary of $1000.
Latest charges published against the
management ,of the San Francisco post
office are that Daniel S. Richardson has
been drawing $2600 per annum as cash
ier while acting as secretary to the
Postmaster and while the duties of the
cashier have bc n »i exclusively performed
by E. A. O'Conriui. who has been known
as the acting cashier for the last ten
years.
FAVORS FOR RICHARDSON.
The Society of Cosmopolitan Chileans
celebrated the anniversary of the declara
tion of the independence of Chile at Un
ion Square Hall last night. The attend
ance was enormous. There was not evea
moving room.
The programme was an enjoyable one.
Juan M. Astorga Pereira. Chile's Consul,
presided, and he was supported by Juan
B. Leith. Pascual Caleguri, Manuel An
drade, Enrique Woodville and Tomas T.
Williams. Mayor Schmitz also occupied
a seat on the platform.
The reading cf the act of independence
was allotted to Carlos F. de Berna. and
the official discourse was given by Consul
Pereira. The national songs of America
and Chile were sung amid the greatest
enthusiasm, and dances and vocal contri
butions by numerous clever people fol
lowed. The celebration was in every sense
a success.
Great Gathering Hears Addresses and
National Songs by Patriotic
Men and Women.
OBSERVE ANNIVERSARY OF
CHILE'S INDEPENDENCE
DEATH CURRENT
INVADES HOMES
Troy had a battle with Dimmick night
before last during one of the dentist'f
violent moods. Of his experiences Troy
said to-day:
Dimmick showed no signs of improvement
during our stay at the camp. In fact" he grew
worse and we were compelled to watch him
closely. Wednesday night he became violent
and attacked us. Before I could restrain him
he struck me over the head with a bottle,
shouting:, "You're trying to kill me."
Then he scrambled cut of the tent, clad only
in his underclothes, and disappeared down the
road. He did not return for several hours.
Thursday morning Dimmick tried to attack
me, and we decided to bring him home. Brit
ton and Mrs. IMmmlck started for Oakland, but
fcefpre they had driven five miles Dimmick
Jumped out, yelling, "You're trying to send
me to an Insane asylum."
That's the last we saw of him. Mrs. Dim-
TROY FIGHTS MANIAC.
OAKLAND. Sept. 18.— Violently in
sane was young Dr. Edwin F.
H. Dimmick, the dentist, whose
body was found in a creek bed in
Moraga Valley this morning by a
searching party that had been looking
for the young Oaklander ever since his
disappearance last night from a camp
near the Fish ranch, on the Contra Costa
side of the foothills. For weeks Dimmick
had been giving evidence of a mind de
ranged and it was in the hope that the
outing would do him good that the camp
ing party was arranged. With Dimmick
and his wife went R. E. Troy, Leonard
Campbell and Frank Britton of 755 Grove
street. Troy Is chief ranger of Court
Oakland, Foresters of America, of which
Dimmick was a member, and the latter
refused to make the trip unless Troy ac
companied them.
The remains were sent to Martinez and
are now at the Morgue there. Mrs. Dim
mick, Mr. Troy, and Dr. Dimmick's broth
er are there to testify at the inquest.
The Coroner summoned a jury last night,
but adjourned for a few days j because
he had word from Sheriff Veale, who
went to the place where the doctor was
found, to put off the inquest until his
return, as some things in the case seemed
suspicious. '"'v -
It is strongly suspected that Dlmmick's
insanity was caused by over-indulgence
in cocaine or morphine.
D. S. Mulholland. a rancher, found Dlm
mick's body in the creek near his ranch
house. An hour before the farmer saw
Dimmick running about as if in great pain
and then saw him fall and roll down a
hillside into the creek.
Dimmick resided at 1061 Willow street,
where it was said l»e had been insane for
months.
The young man had been associated
with his father, Dr. Joseph Dimmick, in
dental practice at 473 Fourteenth street.
The parent felt positive that his son was
sane, but from various sources tile story
of the young man's mental condition was
verified. His friends, while averse to go
ing Into details, have said enough to make
it evident that Dimmick had not been of
sound mind for a long time. He was 30
years of age and had been with his father
for twelve years, ever since his gradua
tion from the Oakland High School. The
parents' home is at 2445 Channing way,
Berkeley. The body will. be brought to
this city as soon as the Coroner at Mar
tinez has completed his inquiry as to the
cause of death.
mlck and Britton notified the Sheriff's people
at Martinez. ' - • —
OAKLAND DENTIST, WHO BECAME VIOLENTLY INSANE WHILE
CAMPING IX THE HILLS NEAR MORAGA VALLEY AND WHOSE
BODY WAS LATER FOUND IN CREEK BED. ...
The following non-graduate veterinary
surgeons passed an examination and have
received their license to practice: Nor
man Nielsen. San Francisco: R. A. Boyle.
Oakland: L. C. Kennon, Chico; J. Grif
fiths. Hanford; H. M. Hunter. Vlaalta;
Oliver K. Shlpman. Wrights; J. Phelps,
Redlands; Joseph Pomeroy. Redwood; C.
E. Gallup. Mendoeino: E. B. Hearn, Coul
terville; S. Adle, Ukiah: G. A. Waddle.
Lodl; O. J. Osbom. Whlttler; F. H.
Moxey. Fresno; George R. Ward. San
Francisco; B. Williams, Fresno. Under
the law that goes into effect to-day, all
diplomas granted by the State board win
be to graduates of recognized veterinary
colleges only.
The State Board of Veterinary Exam
iners met yesterday in the civil service
examining chambers in the new City
Hall. The following graduate veterinary
surgeons received their license to prac
tice: George J. Donnelly. Oakland; d.
Glasson. Wawona; Thomas E. Carroll,
San Jose; George II. Locke, Lockeford;
Joseph A. Welsh, San Francisco; P. 11.
Browning, San Jose; Theodore Petersen,
VIsalia; August J. Ryilberg. San Fran
cisco; James F. McGovern, San Fran
cisco; Martin A. Ryan. Oakland; William
C. McLean. San Mateo; L. G. Kraker,
San Francisco; M. J. Brady. San Fran
cisco; A. F. Defoe. San Jose; C. K.
Graves. Santa Cruz; F. P. Galvln. Sun
Francisco.
New Law Governing Practice Limits
Same to Graduates of Recog
nized Colleges.
GIVEN DIPLOMAS AS
VETERINARY SURGEONS
"Word has been received by some of the
minority that the Democratic convention
will not be permitted to meet in Native
Sons' Hall because of the uproar at the
last session. The manager of the hall is
quoted as saying that he was willing to
rent the hall to the McNab men, as they
were law-abiding, but he would not allow
the "Horses and Carts" to come in, as
they were too noisy.
Colonel Choynskl, William Hoff Cook
and George Gallagher are resting their
voices and expect to take a hand In pro
ceedings at the next meeting.
There is a well-defined rumor In Demo
cratic circles that Judges Mogan and Ca
baniss, who were nominated on the Union
Labor party ticket, will be asked to stand
by their party. The plan is to make both
Judges declare they are for Democracy,
and if they decline refuse them the nom
ination on the Democratic ticket.
The "Horses and Carts" held an in
formal meeting at the California Hotel
last evening. Another meeting will be
held on Monday night.
The committee of eighteen appointed by
the various districts of the Union Labor
party held a meeting in Eugene E.
Schmitz's headquarters, at 993 Market
street, last night. All candidates for Su
pervisors on the Union Labor ticket were
present and were called in and interro
gated minutely by the committee. Each
candidate was subjected to a cross-exam
ination. He told his entire history. The
delegates made it a point to ask each
candidate whether he had been an elector
of this city for the past five years. They
will submit their report next Tuesday
night.
There are stormy times ahead for the
Democratic Municipal Convention, to
meet in this city next week. The minor
ity, or "Horses and Carts," as they are
usually called, expect to make things lively
for Gavin McNab. Despite the state'ment
of Chairman Thomas W. Hickey that he
will not permit any delegate to Insult the
convention by placing MeNab in nomina
tion for an office he does not aspire to,
the" O'Brien aggregation intend to carry
out their programme. They will do every
thing possible to delay the convention.
Motions, amendments and roll calls will
be as numerous as Job-chasers after an
election.
"Horses and Carts" Making Prepara
tions to Give Gavin McNab a
Lively Time.
DEMOCRATIC MINORITY
READY FOR HOT SESSION
Toward evening the congress was the
scene of violent altercations between the
various deputies Interested In the election
of .the executive committee of the party.
For a full hour gross personalities were
indulged in.
Prior to adjournment Herr Singer, who
presided and at whose table throughout
the session sat three police officials, an
nounced that he had received informa
t'on that the numerous detectives in the
hall were trying to entice delegates and
others Into compromising conversations.
He therefore warned his comrades to be
extremely careful what they said. De
tectives are posted in all parts of the
town, and show particular interest in the
foreign journalists who are in Dresden
for the Socialist congress.
As fifty-five delegates have given no
tice of their intention to speak, it is prob
able that the congress will sit through
nxet week.
DRESDEN, Sept. IS.— At to-day's session
of iho Socialist Congress Her von Volt
mar spoke for four hours in reply to Herr
Bebel. The essence of his discourse was
that there was no crisis in the party ex
cept a personal crisis, Herr Bebel seeing
with grief his leadership In Parliament
threatened. Herr Bebel, the speaker
added, spoke to the congress as Cromwell
spoke to Parliament and exercised the
right to judge and condemn motives. He
desired to convert the party into a church,
with himself as supreme pontiff.
: NOT IN CONTEMPT.
j Commissioner Hitchcock ruled that his
: subpoenas were not operative outside the
i southern district of New York, except on
request, and that as a result the persons
Eubpoenaed in Brooklyn were not in con
tempt.
To a further statement that the defense
wished to subpoena George F. Miller,
manager of the Brandt-Dent Company,
and others to prove that there was no
evidence, as alleged in the indictment, of
the payment of money to Beavers, Dis
trict Attorney Burnett replied that from
what the attorney for the defense pro
posed to prove it was evidently the inten
tion of the defense to turn the examina
tion into a trial. After adjourning until
next Tuesday counsel for the defense, ac
companied by Commissioner Hitchcock
and Messrs. Bushnell and Wise, appeared
before United States District Judge Holt
for a process compelling District Attor
ney Youngs and his stenographer. Miss
Wrenn, to obey the subpoena and appear
before Commissioner Hitchcock Tuesday.
Judge Holt ruled that to bring the mat
ter before him the defense would have to
-make an application to punish for con
tempt the witnesses who had disobeyed
the subpoenas.
Later the application was formally
made. Judge Holt being asked to decide
the question at issue some time before the
next hearing, on Tuesday next.
No argument was made and all pro
ceedings closed for the day.
For the first time on record in this district
the Government seeks to have this accused
man sent to Brooklyn without the preliminary
examination that has been accorded every de
fendant arraJsiied for extradition in a quar
ter of a century-
We want to know whom the Government
seeks to shield by this Indictment. We contend
that ir permitted to go Into this case here
we will prove that there is not only a
lack of cause to believe that a crime has been
committed, but so far as Beavers is con
cerned it i« a. cue of absolute lnnnocence and
we hoi>e to prove It. But for some reason the
Government seeks to suppreis the evidence.
General Burnett said the defendant had
been indicted in the eastern district and
would be given the opportunity to prove
his innocence there in due time.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.— At' the examina
tion of George W. Beavers, the indicted
postal official, charged with conspiracy
I with the Brandt-Dent Manufacturing
Company to defraud the Government,
which was resumed to-day. Commis
sioner Hitchcock announced that lie had
decided to overrule the motion made' by
the defense at the previous hearing to
dismiss the proceedings because of the
' invalidity of the indictment. The defense
contended that the indictment charged
three separate and distinct offenses under
one section of the Federal statutes in
stead of one as required by law. He also
¦ repeated his ruling that the properly cer
tified copy of the indictment returned in
Brooklyn was sufficient evidence to make
: out a case of probable cause and to war
'. rent the return of the accused, properly
• identified, to the district wherein the in
; dlctment was returned.
It developed in the course of the exam
; ination. and was admitted upon the rec
' ord by District Attorney Burnett, that
subpoenas had been served by the defense
upon District Attorney Youngs in Brook
lyn and his stenographer and a subpoena
for the production of certain papers upon
Postmasttr General Payne, the defense
! s-tating that It wanted the Government to
• make out its case before the District
; Commissioner in New York, in order that
! the defense might prove that Beavers had
! nothing whatever to do with the making
' of the contract between the Government
, and the Brandt-Dent Company. The sub
; po«nas had been ignored.
j DECLARES BEAVERS INNOCENT.
! Attorney Stivers for the defense said:
DANGER PASSES
FOR SIR THOMAS
Business has made moderate progress
during the past week, despite unusual
opposition from the elements. When all
other industries are to a considerable de
gree dependent upon agricultural condi
tions, reports ot serious injury to crops
by cold and wet weather are not calcu
lated to stimulate confidence. Subsequent
corrections indicated that the amount ot
damage had been exaggerated, as usual,
and prospects brightened.
The car shortage is beginning to be felt,
especially in the Pittsburg district, where
sufficient labor cannot be secured for
handling freight. Manufacturing plants
are well occupied as a rule, even the tex
tile mills reporting less idle machinery,
and at Chicago there is notable pressure
for implements and hardware. Lumber
is in better demand as structural ac
tivity revives. Payments are seasonably
prompt, except where the late crops de
lay settlements, and the outlook for fall
and winter business contains much that
is encouraging. Railway earnings thus
far reported for September show an aver
age gain of 10.36 over last year. In the
iron and steel industry quotations have
been declining for some months, and a
large tonnage of business Is held back in
the expectation that still better terms
may be offered. Uneasiness over the la
bor situation aggravates the difficulty,
although the latest developments In the
building trades are most encouraging in
this respect.
Failures this week were 219 In the Unit
ed States, against 199 last year, and 19
in Canada, compared with 25 a year ago.
Conditions still display Irregularity, but
except where crop and weather develop
ments have been distinctly unfavorable
the tendency is still to take a favorable
view of the general outlook for fall and
winter trade. Heavy rains and killing
frosts in the Northwest and In portions
of the West, with drouth, followed by
cool weather and destructive wind and
rain storms along the Atlantic coast have
tended to retard expansion in fall trade
In wide sections of the country. All sec
tions, however, have not been affected
alike. The Northwest returns relatively
the poorest reports as to the current
distributive trade, while the Southwest
and Pacific Coast and some sections ot
the South give excellent reports of busi
ness already booked or In prospect.
The outlook for average crops is still a
good one. Nothing in the nature of ac
tual shortages as occurred in 1901 is in
dicated, and while trade opinion prob
ably inclines to the view that the boom
is over in several industries, none the
less the belief is maintained that a good
average fall and winter business is in
prospect.
Wheat, Including flour, exports for the
week ending with September 17 aggregate
1,909,083 bushels, against 3,045,040 last
week, 5,435,323 this week last year, 3,840,574
in 1901 and 3,535,857 in 1900.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending with September 17
number 170, against 165 last week, 182 in
the like week of 1902, 158 in 1901, 1S3 in
1900 and 147 in 1899.
In Canada failures for the week num
ber 19, against 12 last week and 18 in this
week a year ago.
R. G. Dun & Co.'s "Weekly Review or
Trade to-mbrrow will say:
NEW YORK. Sept. IS.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say:
Among the speakers were Dr. J. A.
Roberts, Thomas Kase, J. A. Powell, A.
P. I^orentzen, Jacob Hoeck, Herman
Scholten. Bert Fisher, Ben J. Smith, F.
W. Voogt and Halvor Hauch.-
Resolved. That it is the sole and only ob
ject of this body to demand and secure the
submission of this franchise question to a voto
cf the people as provided for In Alameda city
ordinance No. 270.
\\ hereas. Certain inflammatory language has
been uttered upon one occasion at one of our
meetings by one individual, which language
does not in any sense express the sentiments
of those demanding the submission of thi«
question to the pecple; now. therefore, be It
ALAMEDA, SeDt. IS.— Resolutions dis
avowing the incendiary utterances of
Charles W*. Bassett, who urged at a meet
ing of the Board of Trade last Friday
night that tar, feathers and rope be ap
plied to the City Trustees because of
their attitude in the matter of the rail
road franchises, were adopted by the
Board of Trade at a meeting held to
night. Dr. J. A. Roberts wanted Baa
sett's statements supported end in tha
course of his remarks said that "kid
gloves and soft words should not be used
with thp City Trustees."
In the absence of Henry Rosenthal,
president of the Board of Tndo, Green
B. Majors, a non-member, acte.l as chair
man of the meeting. The following wers
appointed as a committee to Investigate
and report upon the cost of installing a
municipal train and ferry system: Georga
F. Weeks, E. H. Lancel. Henry Rosen
thai, I. N. Chapman. II. A. Thompson.
The resolutions adopted were introduced
by Halvor Haueh and were as lollows:
Whereas. We. the citizens of Alameda, are
and have been meeting under the auspices of
the Hoard of Trade of Alameda for the sola
and only purpose of Insisting upon our right*
to have the questions of granting railroad fran
chises reterred to a vote of the people; and.
The strikers during the afternoon sent
a committee to confer with President Fos
ter regarding the reinstatement of Watch
man McDonald, whose dismissal, they
claim, is their only grievance, but the
president of the road declined to receive
the committee. It was later announced
that the Sailors' T'nion of this city had
agreed to send men over this morninp to
take the places of the deckhands who had
gone out on a strike.
A dispatch from Santa Rosa last even-
Ing stated that the section hands all along
the line cf the California Northwestern
road "had quit work in response to an or
der from the strike committee of the U.
15. R. E.. but this bit of news did not seem
to worry the railroad officials, who said
that there are few men working along
the road and that th^se so engaged were
simply doinc unimportant repair work,
•which could be deferred.
Sheriff Taylor of Marin County kept a
force of deputies on guard at the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railroad's shops all
night and compiled the saloons of the
town to close at 9 o'clock, a measure
which the officer deemed advisable in
view of the fact that during the previous
day the majority of the strikers had been
paid o!T and the temptation to indulge in
lirjuor might lead to trouble.
At Tiburon during the early part of the
day the members of the C B. R. E. suc
<-eoded in inducing a few laborers to quit
work, but all efforts to persuade the Io
comotlre engineers to join the strikers
proved futile. About fourteen engineers
positively refused to go out or lend their
support in any way to the strike move
ment. Considerable ill feeline was ex
pressed by many of the strikers because
a number of members of the Marine Fire
men's Union went to work on the ferry
boats, but the latter claimed t*hat they
properly belonged there and would pay
no heed to the protests of the U. B. R.
E.. with which their organization has no
affiliation.
There was no material change yester
day In the strike situation on the Califor
nia Northwestern, a fact which both sides
frankly admitted, although the contending
forces differed somewhat as to the prob
able outcome. The representatives of the
I'nlted Brotherhood of Railroad Kmployes
declared that the strike would certainly
< xtend to all the departments of the road
unless Watchman McDonald was rein
stated in his old position, bat President
l'oster scoffed at any such possibility.
claiming 1 that he had the assurance of
numerous employes of the company that
they would remain loyal to the road.
Among these he eaid were the engineers,
tircmen and trainmen, who are not in
sympathy with the strike and are not
affiliated with the brotherhood. Review
ing the situation, President Foster said:
I f j*nt the greater Tart of the day over at
Tiburon and found matters very quiet there.
The men who are out on a strike have fhown
no diprotltinn to carry matters to an extreme
and I do not fear any serious trouble. Pursu
ant to a te!esrra!>hii % r»qu€*t made by mo. our
niperintender.t at Tiburon t-j-day roi>orted that
the total number <,f n,»n who have struck at
our yards on that wide of the bay is sixty-Fix,
to which are to be aiid-d about n dozen men
r>n this t=ide. among them being the freiRht
•¦.: •¦¦ ' ¦ !¦ »>nd deckhands of th<» ferry-boats. W«
hivp received many applications for employ
ment, but as yet no effort has been ma<J«> to
till the places of the fhojunfii or the freight
bandlers on this ?i<1» of the bay.
It is not the intention of the company to
< ir:;i!oy f-hotjrun men and bring about any
dash on the docks'. We will receive freisht sn
!nn»r as we feel that «e are able to handle it
and nh<>n we find we cannot it will rest with
the public whether or not freight traffic is> to be
allowed over our lines. The only guards we
have are thr-se en our own property and any
trespassing there will, of course, be met with
proper resistance, but at ail time* within the
law. Our trains are a'.l running and tho only
lneom-enienoe the company is experiencing is
in its repair shops. It is possible that the
Ftrikers will carry the fight farther «p the
line Rj-.d induce pome of the Faction men to
join them, but I am net worrying a srrcat deal
over the matter. There is not the slighteFt
chance cf the Ftrikers tyin? tip the road, as I
p.m '.nformrd they have threatened to do.
Good Pall and Winter Busi
ness Is Now Deemed
Certain.
Members Wish Only to Se
cure Submission of Fran
chise Question.
Counsel for Defense Asserts
Government Is Suppress
ing Evidence.
Engineers and Trainmen Are
Not in Sympathy With
Those Now Cul
Von Voltmar Bitterly Ar
raigns the Leadership
of Herr Bebsl.
Board of Trade Disavows
Fiery Utterances of
Ba?sett.
CaliforniaNorthwestern
Strike Situation Is
Unchanged.
Commissioner Overrules
Motion to Dismiss
Proceedings. .
Rain, Storms and Frosts
Affect Trade in Some
Sections.
Violent Altercations Oc
cur at Congress in
Dresden.
MEN HOPEFUL;
COMPANY FIRM
HITCHCOCK RULES
AGAINST BEAVERS
SOCIALISTS DEAL
IN PERSONALITIES
WILL NOT HANG
CITY TRUSTEES
AVERAGE CROPS
IBE IN PROSPECT
BODY OF INSANE DENTIST
FOUND IN BED OF CREEK
Doctor Edwin F. H. Dimmick Grows Violent in
His Camp, Deserts His Friends and Afterward
Meets Death in Wilds of Contra Costa County
T±1±J fcrAJN JftfAlN CISCO CALL, • SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
10Chicago Grain Market.
No further change In prices is reported
Feedstufts are weak as a rule. ! Choice Hay
remains steady, .but dealers report tho medium
and lower grades In oversupply and weak.
BRAN— $22i??23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 50©28 per ton.
SHORTS— $22®23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. S24025 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. S2&320 60; job
bing $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21©22.
Corn Meal, $33©33 50; Cracked Corn, $33 600
34 60; Mixed Feed, $22 S0@23 50; Horse Beans
$28®30 per tan. .
HAY— Wheat. $11® 14 50. with sales of extra
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat, $11013 B0; Oat
S10&13; Wild Oat. $0 50® 11 60: Barley. $9011 -
Clover, $S BO@11; Stock. $8@9; Alfalfa. JO 50®
10 60- per ton. , • ¦ '••-
STRAW— 35®C5e per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The cool cloudy weather added to the dull
ness which usually prevails In the fruit mar
ket on Friday and. the demand for local con
sumption was light In consequence and con
fined chiefly to strictly fancy fruit. The Pu
cet Sound steamer took out some large ship
ments of table Grapes In crates, most of which
were shipped direct from the growing districts.
Dealers reported that order* for other fruits
were very light, as the northern markets are
well supplied with home products. Bartlett
Pears continued scarce and firm at previous
prices, and fancy Spltzenberg, Gravensteln and
Bellfiower Apples moved freely at $1@I 25 per
box. Common Apples continued plentiful and
dull. Prunes continued to strengthen under
steadily decreasing receipts, and Figs. Pome
granates and Quinces were steady. Peaches In
small packages were offering freely and al
though the demand was steady prices were
•haded. OfferlncB In bulk moved slowly and
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18. — The cotton market
closed steady. 7011 points higher.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 603
4 £5. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50*94 tiO;
Oregon and Washington. $3 wyg 1 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages *re as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Ry»
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, 84 5O@4 75; Cracked Wheat. ?3 75: Fa
rina $4 50 ; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 «0;-ln sacks. $6 Tfwgs 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs..
Flour and Millstuffs.
' The markets under this head continue re
markably quiet and featureless and prices
show no change. Butter Is dull. Eggs gteady
and Cheese In large supply and heavily offered
by teveral oversupplled houses.
Receipts were 15, COO lbs Butter, 300 cases
Eggs and 4700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 30c and occasionally
31c for extra* and 20<£?2Sc for seconds; dairy.
•.'l«?24c: store Butter, 174@19c; cold storage.
24@25«:: Eastern. 22@24c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12®13c; Young America,
13Sllc; Eastern. 15®16c; Western, 14@15c
— Ranch, 36©374c for large white se
lected and 30®35c for fair to choice: store.
•«.'24&27c; cold storage, 24@26c; Eastern, 2244f
*274o o*r, dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Nc7v York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.- -With a material de.
crease of operations to-day' » etock market
continued Its irregular and downward course,
the weakness, however, being confined almost
«xclualve!y to the Industrial gcoup, which suf-
H-re-d heavy recessions. Aside frum the per
sistent reports ef depressed trade conditions
r.o news wjuj heard to account for steady
liquidation of thet>e issues, especially United
Mates Steel common, whjrn sold down to tat?
i''*«t i>oint yet recorded and vji without
*upport at its weakest point. The heaviness
of tfcls Btoc-k was reflected in the lossts sus
tained by Tennessee Coal, Republic Steel,
Arr.crican Car and Foundry. Pressed fcteel Car,
rjioM-Kheffleld Steel ar.d American Locomotive.'
others In the same group ruled heavy through
out the day and were vigorously i*>unded at
the close. To this list " should be added
• rucible Steel preferred, which sold aown over
29 points from the last recorded cale over a
year aca. Outwardly there were no lndica
l!on« that the New York market was at all
i.r.- u j by the split in the British Cabinet.
American securities were slmplv neglected.
The general list held well during the flirt
hour t»n the continuance of buying cf certain
railway ehares, presumably for Western ac
count. There waji also some disposition oft
th* part of traders to cover their contracts
because of a more hopeful view regurdinr the
crop situation. Amalgamated Copper advanced
on buying orders, wblcn were *-J J t<> come
ironj Boston, and the early rise In Sngar
was believed to have resulted from the ruling
cf the Treasury Department regarding duties
en bounty-paid sugar imports. Later there
vtocits went down in the general decline.
Arbitrage houses bought moderately of Erie
lor London, which was probably a teller on
balance. The market continued irregular and
became decidedly heavy in the list hour, when
Fteel common touched its lor/ point, with re
rultant weakness to other issues, including
the tractions and some railway shares. The
'losing was tlstle&s and weak. Although.
Western demand for money has not been so
very active In the last few days indications
point to a heavier drain on the local each In
the currency movement than was anticipated,
tl* known movement for the week chowlng
«. lo«« of more than $4,500,000. Time money
hardened slightly on a further demand to
meet year-end loans. There was another ad
vance In foreign exchange, with an active
cemand for elxty-day bills. Gro«i> Increases
for the closing week of the month were shown
by .- number of railroads. Including Wabash.
Canadian Pacific. Norfolk and Western, Mls
rouri. Kansas and Texas and . Denver and Rio
Grande.
The Industrial stocks, which had been heavy
all rtny broke violently in the last hour
under the lead of the steel croup, which ln
*luded United State* Steel. American Car and
Foundry. Pressed fltwl Car, Tennessee Coal
end Iron. B>n>ubl!c Steel and American Snselt
lnr and Bveflnlng. United States Steel com
mon broke to IK in tne last half huur. as com
parr-d with I8H. the previous low record
price. Ste*l bonds declined about one point.
Anwlcan Car and Foundry common declined
mrr 3 points to below 27, and the preferred
14 to 8O4. Tennessee Coal declined to 03.
compared with 334. tf >e previous low record
of the year, while Pre«*ed Steel Car common
?tork and American Smelting were extremely
WM!k.
The bond market was <rnlet and Irregular
r:A without any changes of importance. Total
tales, $1.400,000.,
Spelter remained quiet and unchanged at $6
in New York, advancing 2s 6d to £21 2s 6d In
London.
Iron closed at 50s 7d in Glasgow and at 45s
3d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was quiet; No.
1 foundry Northern, $17: No. 2 foundry North
ern, $ltt 60; No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1
foundry Southern soft, $!•"• 60@16.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18. — There was a decline
of 2s Ed in the London market for spot tin,
leaving that position at £120 12s Cd, while fu
tures remained unchanged at £120 15s. Locally
tin was quiet at $27 20®27 50.
Copper declined 5s In London, spot closing
at £50 12s Cd and futures at £56 7s Cd. Lo
cally copper was quiet and more or lens nomi
nal. Lake Is quoted at $13 75; electrolytic at
$13 C2V-S13 "G, and casting at ?13 25®
13 374" ->
Lead was firm and unchanged at $4 50 In
New York, but declined Is 3d in London to £11
2s Cd.
Ne?v York Metal Market.
The sixth car of Western Poultry for the
current week was on sale and cleaned up well
at steady prices. Receipts of domestic stock
were liberal and the market was hardly as
firm .is on the preceding day, as retailers had
teen purchasing all week and were pretty
tfell supplied. Hens moved rather, slowly and
were quoted lower, but prices of all descrip
tions were unchanged. Ducks and Geese con
tinued to meet with a good demand at high
prices. There was a better demand for Game
owing to the cool weather, and the light re
ceipts cleaned up quickly -at higher rates.
POULTRY — Yourg Turkeys, nominal: Gee»e.
pei pair. $1 00@l 73; Goslings. S2@2 25:
Ducks, $4f/5 per dozen for old and $,"Vffil
for young; Hens. $4 50® 5 50; young Roosters,
S5©0- old Roosters. $4 50(&5; Fryers, $3 50ft
4 50; Broilers, 53QT3 50 for large and $2 5003
for small: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
(1 50412 for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 2G@1 75 per dozen: Hare,
$1 25 per dozen; Wild Doves, $1 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 64
67c per lb; White Lead. «4©7. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In lOtt-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.S5c:-.
Powdered, 5.70c: Candy Granulated. 6.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
S.COc: Fruit Granulated. 5.60c: B*et Granulated
OOO-lb bags only). — ; Confectioners' A. 5.(5Oc-
Magnolia A. 5.2Cc; Extra C. 3.10c; Golden C
5c: "D."' 4-OOc; barrels. 10c more; half bar^
rels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels,
a 10c: boxes. C.H5c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18.
Flour, qr ska... 14,349 Straw, tnns .... 10
Wheat, ctls 1.46O!Hops. bales 88O
Barley, ctls 61.071! Wool, bales 152
Oats, ctls 4.633 Feed, sks 67
Corn, ctls 5O Tallow, ctls .... 229
Beans, sks 3.152'Pelts. No 1,375
Potatoes, sks .. 2,250 Hides. No fini
Onions, sks 400 Quicksilver, flks. 2.V>
Bran, sks ' 13.1 Leather, rolls... ¦ 103
Middlings, sks.. 95lWine. gals 31.0<*>
Hay, tons ..... 5751 Lime, bbls ..... 220
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ...... 2,000
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil In cases. 20Uc: Astral, 2O4c*
Star. 204c: Extra Star. 214c: Elaine. 20^c;
Eocene. 234c; deodorized Stove Gasoline In
bulk, 17c: In cases. 23Hc: Benzine, In bulk
13c; In cases. 194c; S6-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 21c: in cases. 274c.
TURPF.NTINE— 7Sc per gallon In cases and
72e in drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5<354c: San Quentin.
5.55c: Wool Bags. 32fi55c; Fleece Twine. 7 4fr
8c; Cctton FiUlt Bags. «>4c, t»ic and 7'ic for
the three grades: Bro,wn Jute, G4@7'Je.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. S-S; Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. $U 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 00: Stanford, $7: Roslyn. S7: Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland. S13 In bulk and
(14 25 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $U;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Canntl. $H 50 per ton;
Coke. $11 01*21.-; per ton In bulk and $13 In
racks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $s 43 per
2C0O lbs and $S 30 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Lucol ts hlrher. Linseed. 49c
for boiled and 47c for raw in barrels;
cases; 5c more; Castor Oil. in cases
No. 1. 7Cc: Bakers' AA. $1 lOfll 12: Lueol, 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels:. Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 95c;
Chlm Nut. 5.1070c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot.
In barrels. 75c: ca^es. ROc; Sperm, pure. 75c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 504133c per gallon -
Fish Oil, in barrels. 45c; cases. 50c; Cocoanut
OH. in barrels, 5So for Ceylon ar.d 53<* for Aus
tralian.
General Merchandise.
EASTERN MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market U
quiet, but shows an easier tendency as to new
crop, with prime for October-November deliv
ery quoted at from BVigo^c: common. 4$r!>c:
prime, 6 l ;<i5"ic; choice, OCtjti'fcc; fancy, 0?4(g
74c.
PRUNES — Spot prunes, quiet, firm, on a
fair jobbing demand which for the moment
shown a preference for the medium sizes.
APRICOTS — Are firm, with choice quoted at
0U«i94c; extra choice, D?i@10y>c, and fancy,
104<Jl-'e.
PEACHES— Rule steady; choice, 7%@7?lc;
extra choice, 7%@84c
DRIED FRUITS,
WHEAT — Foreign futures were lower.
Chicago declined IVic. Wire? from there
reported that in solte of the worst frost ever
known under similar crop conditions the trade
was vety bearish and seemed to regard It as
beneficial. The Southwest were heavy sellers,
and a good deal of long wheat came out.
Minneapolis reported a good demand for Flour
and milling wheat, but a Hsrht export demand.
There was no change in- this market, beyond
a decline In futures.
CASH WHEAT.
California C:ub. $1 4."<ai ."2'i: California
White Australian, $1 C501 CO; Northern Club,
$1 45*fl 50: Northern Blue Stem. $1 5301 574:
Oregon Valley, $1 524-
FUTURES. /
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Ix>w. ' Close.
December ..$145% ?1 45% $144% *1 44%
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. ' Close.
December ..SI 444 SI 414 $1 44V4 SI 44V',
BARLEY — Futures were lower but the cash
grain remained unchanged. Offerings wer«
sufficient for the demand.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, ?1 124^1 15; Shipping and Brewing,
SI ¦-'(rill 23; Chevalier. $1 X>s<tl 50 lor fair 10
choice.
FUTURES.
Scsplon 0 to 11:00 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 14 14 $1 14ft $1 14 V4 $1 14%
2 p. m. session.
December . .$1 14%
OATS — The only change la a further advance
in the asking prices for Black, and buyers
have to pay them to get the goods. Receipts
of all kinds amounted to 10,033 ctls and as
a good many came In the day before It will
be ceen that there are plenty of Oats on the
White. SI 20(01 324: Black. SI 45(81 05:
Rod. $1 20@l 224 for common and $1 2.I1SI 35
lor choice; Gray, $1 274 per ctl.
CORN— The stream from the West con
tinues. 2000 ctls coming In from that source
yesterday; Prices are unchanged, but the
market Is easy.
Western, racked. ?1 42401 45 for Yellow
$1 424 for White and $1 40 for mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 5001 05; small round
do. $i 70fll 75: White, $1 55 per ctl.
RYE — The demand is advancing prices and
quotations are now-$l 25@1 30 per ctl. with a
very firm market.
BUCKWHEAT- S2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
FRIDAY. SEPT. 18.
Stoc k— Bid Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 1C0 1 10
Four Oil 67 70
Hanford Oil 133 00 135 OO
Home OU 824 87VJ
Imperial Oil 19 OO
Independence Oil 17 IS
Junction Oil 2t> 21
Kern Oil 4 50 5 00
Lion Oil 03 04
Monte Crlsto Oil 75 80
Monarch Oil M 65
Oil City Petroleum 30
Peerless Oil 13 50 ....
Reed Crude Oil 44 46
San Joaquln Oil 5 50 ...»
Sterling Oil 2 75 SCO
Thirty-three Oil 7 25 8 OO
Twenty-eight Oil 4 00
ITnion Oil 68 CO
I'nited Petroleum 10O 0O
West Shore Oil 2 90 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land St. Impt 1 o0 1 .j
Alameda Sugar •- 29 Of
American Biscuit SSCO 93 M
American 1 1st Tel ....
Bay Count!--* Power ....
Cal Central Gas & Electric ....
Cal Cotton Mills S3 00
Cal Jockey Club 103 00
Cal Powder •-••
Cal Shipping Co 25 CO
Cal Title In» ft Trust 1.10 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 6O OO ....
Chutes Company 8 23 ....
City ft" County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 25 ....
Eastern Dynamite ....
Kwa Sugar Plantation ....
Equitable Gas
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 B0
Honolulu Sugar IS 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal Power 8 60 9 50
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 900 ....
Orpheum Company 15 23
Pac States Tel & TeJ 123 BO .
Paraffine Paint 33 0O
Postal Device ft Impt
San Francisco Drydock 47 OO ....
Sausallto Land & Ferry 16 CO
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 32 OO
Standard Electric 19 OO
Truckee Electric 13 25 1« OO
Vnlon Sugar 225O ....
I'nited Gas ft Electric 34 SO ....
Wr stern Fish Company ....
OFFICIAL SALE3.
Morn Ins Stsston.
1AO Monarch ....••••••••••••••••••••• 54\
300O Reed Crude 44
15 Sterling 2 75
100 Home 87*4
ICO Monte Crlsto 75
2000 Oil City Petroleum 30
loo Apollo 40
1CC0 Tol»ec 20
Street —
1 Hanford 134 CO
2 Hanford 13O OO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10O Monarch 5.1
200O Superior 07
tOO Alma 135
t t'-> Reed Crude 44
lOOO Sovereign • B SO) 4:!
3CCO Oil City Petroleum 30
. 1 Hanford ". 133 OO
X Hanford (S 00) 132 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following wer« the sales In th« Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
ftf>O Chollar .... 25 10O Sierra Ner. 63
2WCC& V1..IU 10O Utah 1*
20O Potoai 23 100 Yel Jacket. 54
100 Savage 29
Afternoon Session.
200 Mexican ...1 10 200 Union M
2rt» Best A Bel.l 65 BOO Own Point. 14
:jv\ Alpha 00 BOO Imperial ... 05
300 Storm Nw. «S BOO Con N York M
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, $1©1 50 per
sack: crates 'rom Alameda, $1 25@1 75; from
Berkeley. 75c© Jl 25; Green Peas. 203c per lb;
String Beans. 3@34c per lb: Wax, ;
Lima Beans, 24tfWV4c per lb; Tomatoes, 35®
05c per box: Summer Squash. 25S40c per box;
Cabbage, 60c per ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, i!o<(jH0c per box; Pickle Cucumber*.
38934c for No. 1 and l(F?24c per lb for others;
Garlic, 2£?3c per lb; Green Peppers, 30<S£0c
per box or sack; Green Okra, 30@50c per box;
Egg Plant. 35© 50c per box; Marrowfat Squash.
ONIONS — 50@65c per ctl.
The shipping demand for Potatoes was
email, but local trading was fair and as re
ceipts were light prlcea were steady. Sweet
Potatoes continued easy. Supplies were large
and Included much poor stock, which dragged
at the minimum quotation. Onions ,. were In
free supply and unchanged. Changes'in veg-*
etables were slight. Supplies of all descrip
tions wore ample and the demand was nothing
extra. Tomatoes 1 arrived freely and were a
little easier. Occasional lots sold at 75c per
box. but the quotations cover the general run
of offerings. Lima Beans were offering more
freely than on' the preceding day and prices
had a wider range. The demand, however,
was good, and choice offerings cleaned up
readily. String Beans were In small supply
and cleaned up quickly at firmer rates. The I
other vegetables stood about as previously :
quoted.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 6Oc0
$1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 40 per
ctl- River Reds 80090c per ctl: Sweet Pota
toes Jobbing at $1 3531 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Weather Report.
<12Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FliANCISCO. Sept. 18—5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
— v * -> en "¦
1 » $1 ;i n-i
STATIONS. J I|1f=§ I? ?
"• p •> & "» C
. *.».••. o
e c b
'. * ? '.
P»ker 30.04 72 44 Calm Pt.Cldy .00
< "arson 23.90 f-0 44 W Clear .00
JJureka :t0.12 f>2 5<> NW Cloudy .CO
KaraJlon 30. 03 .'.4 82 NT\' Cloudy .00
Fnseno 29.88 92 M NW Clear .ro
Flugrtaff ....23.M 72 32 S\V Pt.Cldy .00
Independence 52 .
I»s Anjreles. .2».O« 7«> r.s W Oar .00
Mt Tarralpais 2S».»9 78 «5S NW Clear .<*>
North iirad. ..'JO. J8 M 00 S Cloudy .02
Vhotnix 23.82 QS «2 NW Clear .f^
J'.icatello 2a.9'i 74 H<» SW Clear .00
T"r.lar.d SO. OS 74 50 NW Clear .00
ru Reyes.. 29. 97 50 49 NW Clear .00
.led Bluff 29. KS 92 &S SE Clear .00 1
liost-burjr :^>.<i« 7S 46 N Clear .00
i-"a.eramwito ..29.H8 KS 5S S Clear .0<i
Sa!t Lake 23. 9S 74 4« NW Clear .00
San Franoisco.30.02 Zui U> SW Cloudy .<X)
!-»n L Obispo..T0.C2 72 D6 W near .00
. u »n Diego r>.94 72 «2 W <"lear .00
t^-attl* 3<».1O «'4 4>> s Pt.Cldy .00
Hpokane 29.90 74 4S S^V Clear 00
T~t.-,o*,h -TO.06 9t M S Rain Tr.
Walla Wa::a..29.'^<i 7S r»6 SW Pt.CHy .fO
Wir.nemucca. .23.96 80 3<J W Cl**r .00
Yuma 10<J t;4 W Clear .HO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is b-jrir.ning to fall rapidly
ower northwrsiern Washington and Vancouver
IfUnd. A mcwlerate dit-turbanco will probably
nr.vo in rapidly from the North Pacific and
f.<> eastward over the northern tier of States.
F"< Eg> weatjrer prevails along the coast of
<"a!ifurnia from Point Sur to Cepe Mendocino.
j'alr wtath«r i#evails In the interior of the
S'nt-. Cooler weather is reported at nearly
&'.'. joints.
Potccut made at San Francisco for thirty
hours rndlcg midnight. September 19:
Northern California — Fair Saturday except
cloui;- along the coast; lisht southerly wind*.
Southern California — Fair Saturday except
cloudy In the moriilng along the coast; con
tinued cool: frt*h westerly wind?
Nevada — Fair Saturday cooler ,
Kan Krancisoo and vloir.lty— Cloudy Satur
c»y. bris-k monttrmrtmt winds with fo#c
A. G. McAIJIE, Dirtrtct Forecastisr.
There were slight variations In Sliver and
Sterling l^chr.npr.
Sterling Exchange, sixty, days . — $4 S3
Sterling Exchjmge, sight — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 074
New York -Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 57Vi
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45*4
Exchange and Bullion.
The following quotations are for jrood. sound
Livestock, delivered in Pan Francisco, less 5C
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — S'-ers.- 8.gt>c; Cows %nd Heifers.
7@Sc: thin Co vs. 435c cer pound.
CALVES — IJ?54c per pouna (rrosa weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 34@4c; Ewes, S5j34c per
pound <ctoss weight).
LAMBS— 42 73g3 per head.
HOGS — Live H0R5, 150 to 1150 lbs. C.c; under
150 lbs, CHfi"> T ic; Sowt, 20 per cent eff; Boars.
50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per oft from
above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaushtercrs to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — fc"@7c for Steers and 5t«8c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 64®$4c; small, OtHOc per
pound.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7U®S4c. with flna
stock occasionally 9c: Ewes. 7jJSc per pound.
LAME — ftflluc per pound.
PORK— Dre«s»d Hor5. 8>^©0V»c per pound.
There is nothins new to report. Hogs con
tinue to arrive freely and there Is no scarcity
of Beef and Mutton.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Hea\y Salted
Steers. OTJc; medium, 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and 8c for lisht; Stags,
0c: Salted Kip, S4c: Salted Veal. 04c;
Palted Calf. 10c: dry Hides, 15@154c: dry Kip.
33c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<f»
30c each; short wool. 40<g50c each: medium. 70
®00c; Ions wool. $1{21 50 each: Horse HMes,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium,
$1 25<gl 75 for small and 50c for Co'ts: Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for larce and !1 00 for me
dium. |1©1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 324c: dry salted
Mexican. 26c: dry Central American, 324c.
Goat Skins — Prime Ansroras. 75c: large and
smooth.' 50c: medium, 35c; small. 20e.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 44@4»4c per lb:
No. 2, 4@4V4c: grease. 2Vi03c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. 9f?
12c; Foothill. 10®12c : Middle County. 11#13c.
Quotations for cprinc clip are a? follows:
Humboidt and Mendoclno, lSS?20c: Nevada. 13
(f(15c: Valley Oregon, fine. lS<ai9c; do, medium,
17ffilSc: do. coarse. 16^170 per lb.
•HOPS— 22©2Cc per !b. with most growerB
asking an advance over these quotations.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 124e per. lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
154 e for extra light. 17 %c for sugar-cured and
184c for extra sugar-cured: Extern sujrar
cured Hams. 15%c: California Hams. 154<J.
Mess Beef, $11 5O<@12 per bbl: extra Mess. S12
$12 50; Family, $13 50: prime Mess Pork, J13;
extra clear. $25; Mess. {20: Dry Salted Pork,
124c; Pis Pork. ?2S: Pigs* Feet. $5 25:
Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%e per lb for
compound and 104@10%c for pure: half bar
rels, pure. ll@llVic: 10-lb tins. llVi@114c:
5-lb tins. U%c; 3-lb tins, 1J%C.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels, J4c; one tierce, 9?ac; two tlorces.
Oftc; five tierces. 94o per Jb.
Chicago was rather firmer again at a slight
advance. This market was dull and feature
less.
Provisions.
<"'>rn is maturing tslowly. as it n«t~ds wann»r
• rather. I'otatn blight is r«"pcrt«"<1 to l>e
Fpread'.ng in the coast counties. Elsewhere
tnls orop *s in excellent condition.
Prune drying \:i.t- b^corr.- general, and with
good weather during the next two weeks a big
rrop will be secured. I'»ars are ripe and be
tnsr marketed as rapl3!y as possible. Late ap
% iea continue doing well, and it is exp**-t<"l
e*KT«it two-thirjs of an average crop will be
harvested. ..
By the end of the «e»k hop pioklnr will be
fractically completed. Lice and moid have
li^n more common than uut-ual. but the conse
quent damage was not rn great as expeoted,
• r.d the growers generally ("Hirers themselves
«»¦ «;uite plenscd with the yields, both as to
Quantity and quality.
Th* r^i>ort of Edward A Beals. Section Di
rer-tr-r. United Ftstes Wes'.her Bureau, for the
t'TT-gnn Crop Bulletin for the week ended Sep
t'mber 15 is as follow*:
Th* week has lx>tn wet and COOL Not more
thai, two cr throe ftood «iays of han-eptlng
wouthcr orourred In any section, and th»» grain
In thook hae become damp and In danger of
i-nrnuting. But little wheat remains' to »>e out.
:¦:-..! threshing Is Miell advanced. In tosic n^r
ti'ir.«, hnwwtr. it will take, at b»?t, two week*
1 rter l>efore the grain is all harvested.
The soil has boon FUffirior.tly softened by the
r«inF lor fall flowing, which is now being done
In Riany piaoea. Grays hai= made a nice Ftart.
ir.fi oor.sequently feed in the pastures and on
th» ran»M is 1- -•¦, and pt-vk is in excellent
;<-r.dition.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — [ Mining —
Time loans r.'i^r? Adventure 5
Call loans 4 ©CiAllouez 4%
Bonds— .Ualtic 39
Atchison 4s 084JDaIy West 44%
Mex-Ont 4s 71 (Bingham 23%
Railroads— leal & Herla 45O
Atohison 65 Centennial 17%
P" 69% Copper Range ... M%
Boston & Albany. 250 ,Dom Coal 70
Votirm Elevated.. I3d Franklin 8U
K YNH4 H...1934 Ittie Royale 7
Fitchburg pfd 134 Mohawk 40
I'nion Pacific 52S Old Dominion ... 8
Mexican Central. 11V4 Onceola 60
Miscellaneous — 'Parrot 19
Am Sugar ,. .112% 'Qulncy ...*...... $$
Am Tel &.,Tel..,.13ft% Santa Fe Copper. ' 1 '¦
Dora Iron & 8... 11 jTamarack ... 8tJ
General Electric. 166. Trinity ..... 9
Mass Electric ... 19 linked States ..." 19
Do pfd 78 Utah 2.">>.i
tTnlted Fruit loo Victoria 3«?
U 8 Ste«l 18 Wlnona 7
Do pfd 6«4 Wolverine ". w
Wcstlnghouw era 82
Adams Con 14 Little Chief 06
Alice 17,Ontario 4 73
Ureece lj ;Qphlr 175
Brunswick Con U»j ; Phoenix On
Comatock Tunnel . 09 Potosl . 23
Con, Cal & Va ...1 45i£ava*e 2C
Horn Silver 1 tiO Sierra Nevada 64
Iron Silver I C3;small Hopes 20
Leadville Con O44lstan<!ard 3 H>1
United States 2s advanced »$ per cent on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atrhison 42.2K) G6V; «3H 65
AtcWson pfd 7.10O 90% 80% *»
Bait & Ohio 4.300 80% 79% 79?i
Bait & Ohio pfd 86
Can PacifU- LEW 122tf 121 121H
Central of N J 157
Ches & Ohio 700 32V4 31 H 31
Chic & Alton 2<XI 21% 21 H 21H
<-hie & Alton pfd.. 100 (RV4 «>T-4 f!2Vi
• ¦hie & a w i^ooo i5=vi ir>u isv*
Chic & G W B pfd 100 27'i 27'-i 27H
Chio A- Northwest. ?,'>} 160 1594 158
Chic Term * T... 200 9 9 9Vi
Chic T & T pfd.. 100 18% IRSi 19
C. C C & St. L 70H
Colo 'southern W»> 12% 12S l-'^S
<'n]r, South 1st pfd 2OO r#\ 50Vi 58
Colo South 2d pfd. 2r>0 2OVj 20^ 20<i
Dela & Hudson... 200 l»5O 150 15S
D«la. I^ack & W.. r!00 2.I6 235 235
Denver & Rio G.. SCO 2.T, 23 H 23
Denver A R G pfd 200 "0U, Tfii^ 75
Erie 5.700 2«H 27>-, 27»i
IZrle Ift pfd 1..VM «r,ij 6fl fio%
1>1»- 2.1 pfd 700 f-0 49 49
C.reat Nor pfd 160
Hocking Valley 67
Hocking Val pfd 79^4
Illinois Central ... 800 132*4 1"2 131 s *
I Iowa Central lK^i
Iowa Central pfd 2(1
Kan City South 21
Kan Cty South pfd 1O0 37 37 37
lx>uis & Nash 7O0 1O4>4 103% 103
Manhattan L 1.400 1334 132 131%
Met Street Ry 2,200.113)4 lHVi lU'a
Minn & St Ijouis.. 2t^<) 55 65 54
Mi*s Pacific 7,soo j»:4 f»>% m%
Miss Kan & T. . . GOO 19>i 19 18%
Miss Kan & T pfd 39
Nat RR of Mex pfd 40
N Y Central 2.7'X) 121 119% 11.>S
Norfolk & West... 000 CUJ 61 4 ' 61 4
Norfolk & \Y pfd £8
Ontario & Western 400 22 21% 21%
Pennsylvania 6.100 124>-i lSTiW, 12. - !>-4
P. C. C & St L CO
Reading 14.50O r>Ov; 4914 491^,
Readlr.s let pfd 7»>
Reading 2d pfd 474
Rock Island 7.000 27 25% 25?»
Rock Isiand pfd... S00 03% CS «2Va
St L & S F 54
Ht I. & S F 1st pfd 6">
St L & S F 2d pfd lfO 4^4 4S14 49
; St L Southwest... 1(TO 14% 13% 14
i St L Southw pfd 344
: St Paul 14.500 1404 • 1394 l.iU4
i St Paul pfd 300 173 173 1724
i South Pacific 5.100 44 42% 42%
Southern Ky 1.7i*t 21% 21 21
Southern Ry pfd... 5"O 85 84% R4%
Texas A Pacific... 700 26% 25 25U
T St L & W is
T. £t L & W r'd 27
Union Pacific .... 27,500 73% 724 72V-
Union Pacific pfd. R0 '"
Wabash f.00 21',<, 20 20
Wal.ash pfd 1.2(XI ."12% 31 St Ul 4
W & L, Erie 300 I64 lii\i, m%
Wls Central 200 17 17 17'
Wlsron Cent pfd ~3J*4
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American IM)
I'nited States 100
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper . 28.400 4(>% 44% 44 >i
Am Car & Firy... 14,fi<i0 3O% C14 26%
Am Car & Fdy pfd JfX) 81 4 7S% 794
Am Linseed Oil ... 100 11 11 10
Am Lin Oil pfd 45
Am I«ocomotlvi» ... 3.2OO 17^4 1<>4 1*>4
Am Loeomo ?fd .. 1.3OO 854 84 84
Am Smelt & Rfsr.. 6.900 43% 42>-i 42*^
Am Sm & Rfg pfd 300 90V, 9t» 90 '
Am Su?ar Refining 2.000 1144 1124 1124
Anacon Mining Co. 2O0 70 76 70
Brooklyn Hap Tran 8.1Oi> ZS ' 374 37U
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3O0 43 424 424
Col & Hook Coal.. loo 14 14 ' 14
Consolidated Gas . 300 1714 1714 171
General Electric . . 20O 157 l."MJ% 157
Ir.ternatl Paper 124
Int Paper pf-J 64
Internatl Pum^ 35
Int Purrm pM 10O 75% 75% -70'
National Biscuit 3SV4
National Lead 14
North American .. 400 744 74 74
Pacific Mall loo 204 204 20^
People's Gas 800 flrp; 914 M14
Presred Steel Car. 2.7OO 3«4 33i; 33
Presd Steel Car pfd 200 77% 77^4 77^1
Pull Palace Car » 214
Republic Steel G00 9"i 94 fc 94
Rep Steel pfd 5.9OO 04 4 62 \\ ft4
Rubber Goods 1.600 l<t»i l(j i«
Rubber Goods pfd. 7<K> 72 70 ti04
Tenn Coal Fc Iron.. 6.3OTI 3r>4 33 23%
T* 6 Leather 7i»O 7»^ 7li 7C
IT S Leather pfd... 200 5*4 574 57 •»
IT S Rubber \\\L
U S Rubber pfd 40
D S Steel 56.400 19% 18 18
IT 8 Steel pfd 10.100 en'4 <5S-% ftS%
Western Union .. 300 82 82 81%
Total sales 333,000 Rhcres.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NI?W YORK, S*Dt. 18.— Bond transactions
I'nited Rallrcada of San Francisco, 9<j00 at
$79 50. CCOO at $79 624. 15.00 at $79 50.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg . .109 4 Hooking V 44s.. 104%
U S. ref 2*. coup. 110 L & N unified 4». US*
U 8 3>>, registerd.lOS !Man con gold 4s .101%
U S 3s. coupon ..108 jMcx Cen 4s 72'
D P New 4f. reg ilZSUllCeJC Cen 1st Inc. 154
U S New 4s. cou.l35: % iMi.nn &. St L 4s . ft'!
D S Old 4s. reg .109 4 Mo, K & T 4.i ... !«
U S Old 4s, cou .1104 Mo, K & T 2ds 774
U 8 Js, reg 1014JN RK of M con 4s 7tt'
L b 5s, coupon ..101-j N Y Cen gen 34s 05 •;
Atchlson gen <s .100 \fi J Cen gen 5s ..12s
Atchison adj 4s . 9«4 Korth Pac 4s 100*,
Atlantic C L 4* . 90 jXcrth Pac 3s 70%
Baltimore & O 4s. 101 4: Nor & W con 4s. H7
B & O 3H»s a« jOre S L 4s & par WO
Central of Ga Ds.1051.4 Penn conv 34s .. «J5%
Cen of Ga 1st Inc 74 jlteadfng gen 4s .. 944 '
Ches & O 44s ...102 |St L & I M con Sslll I
Chicago & A 34. 7-I4|St L & S F fg 4s SOU
C, B & Q new 4s. 9i'4.Pt L South I*ln .. 9,li.
C. M & St P 43 ..1OJ I fc>a Air Line 4s . 77
Chi & N con 7s .VM Til South Pac 4s R«%
C. It I & P 4s .. 73 South Ry 6s 113
C, R I &, P col 5s 55% Tex & Pac l«ts ..114'4
C C C & St L 4s . 90 T, St L & W 4s . 71
Chi Ter 4a 73 Union Pac 4s .... 9it%
Con Tobacco 4s .. 5«4 Colon P conv 4s . 04
Col & South 4s ..»8.J4 U S Steel 21 5s .. 75U
Denver & R Q 4» »S%|WabaFh lsts 114%
Erie prior lien 4s W* Wabash Deb B .. 571.
Erie gen 4s 83 Wheel & L E 4s . 86
F W & D city llst!02 Wls Cen 4s 8D
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%l?13Hc for white
and 9^-llc for umber; new water white, ex
tracted, 5H*F»'tt!c; licht amber extracted, 5c;
dark. 3%@4H=.
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 7©9o for Royals
and 93?llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
5@8c; Peaches. 5%&7c: Pears. tM&dc; Nec
tarines. *U*¥iC for white; Figs, white. WO
4%c In boxes; Plums, pitted, Va~c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%«£3c for the four
sizes; 1902 crop, 2%i&2fcc for the four sizes,
with 1 i*Uc premium for the large sizes.
.RAISINS— 1903 prices are as follows: Two
crown. Gui.'ic; three-crown. CVifrtiVac: four
crown, G%@7c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell.' 12^; No.
2, lO'.<4c; No. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 2, 10c; new
Almonds, lie for Nonpareils, KHjC for I X L.
10$4c for Ne Plus Ultras and 8»ic for Langue
doc; Peanuts, 5<g7c for Eastern; Pecans, 11@
13c: Cocoanuts, ?4 50©5.
Honey is still quiet and talk of a short out
put seems to produce no effect whatever upon
buyers.
The Southern California Walnut Association
has fixed the price for new soft shells at 12 %c
and hardsbells at 12c.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
stock, which la being exchanged for shares la
the new Spring Valley Water Company.
Th« Cypress Lawn Improvement Company
paid a quarterly dividend of 10 cents per shar*.
amounting to SlO.dOO. on the 17th.
The General Electric Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 2 p«r cent or»
the common stock, payable October 15.
The Mutual Electric Light Company hai
mortgaged all Its property to the California
Safe Deposit and Trosf Company as security
fcr a bonded Indebtedness of 1100,000 in 3 per
cent thirty-year bonds.
Some recent street quotations are: Italian
American Bank. $110 bid. and Central Trust
Company. $107 bid. Sill asked.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIt>AT. Sept. IS— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BOXDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask.
4s <jr coup.. — — Us qr e (WW) — — . -
4» qr reg. .. — — |3a qr coup. .107 —.-
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AWSa. — — Dob — —
Bay CPC 5r.lO3 106 Tx> con 9s. 103 105
Cal C O 5». — — O V»(C O 6m. — —
Cal <} ,£ E % Ore«nlc S Sau — —
m & ct 5s. — — Om C R «a.l24ttl23
Cal-st 6s ... — — Pac O Im 4a — —
C C Wat 8s. — 105% P E Ry Bb.110 111
Ed L t. P Cs. — — P A C R 8a, — —
F & C H ft*. — 120 P A O R to. 115 U7lf
Geary-st r.s. — — Powell-rt ««. — US
IIC St S 5H" — — SB OAR Ba. — — '
at C & S Ss. f>»H — SF4 SJV Bsll9«ilSl
Hon R T 6s.lO«x;iO* B R of C ft. - —
L A Elec Sa, — — S P of A Cs
L A Ry 5s.I13 — (1909) .... — —
L A L Co-«s. — — (1910> — 100*;
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C «¦
Do gtd 5». — — (19OS>Sr A. — — <
LAP lcm 5s. — — <l»0S)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C fls. — — (19CW> — —
Do lcm 61. - I13H '1912) ....118HH7*,
NRR of C6s. — — 5PC 1 eg 5*. — —
N'RC of C 5« — — Do strapd. — —
NPCRBs. — — iPBRIl- —
N C R 5s... — — « V Wat 6«.10BH106ti
N C P C 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N 3 R 5a.. — 101 Do 4» 3dm. — 10O
O G L H 6s. — — iPtkn GAB «¦ — —
O T Co h.. - — L' O ft E Si. - —
WATER STOCKS.
Tontra Costa — BO IPort Conta. . — — •
Martn Co ... — — iFprln* Val.. 84^ M
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 4 5 Pae BOAR — —
riult Gas... — — SKGAE. « '.—•.*«..
Mutual E L. 13 — S F Gas — —
Pac G Imp.. W«.i 54^ Stock G & E — —
Pac Lighting 55^i — TJ O ft E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 67*1 68V4'
INSURANCE.
FIretn's Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
AmNatlBk.120 128 LP&A...— —
Anglo-Cal ... — — Mer Trust...— —
Bank of Cal. — — Mereh Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Natlool — — .
First Natlonl — —
-• SAV1NG3 BANKS.
Ger S * L. — — Sav A L 80c. — —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.. — 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California . . — — .Presidio. .... — 41
POWDER.
Giant «5*i 67 /Vlgorlt — 8%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 10c — Kllauea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. 45V; 48 Makawell C. 21 21*4
Honokaa S C 13Va 14 Onomea S C. 31V» 32
Hutch SPC13 14 Paauhau S C 10*s 1«%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.154 156 (Oceanic SC. 6% T
Cal Fruit As. 94 - Pac A F A. 2% -
Cal Wine As. 9«Vi 97^1 Pac C Borx 167 — -
Morning Session.
Board — -
5 Alaska Packers Assa 156 25
5 Contra Costa Water 49 Ou
5 Onomea Sugar Co 31 00
"23 Paauhau S P Co 16 50
$20(»i Pacific Electric Ry 5s 110 25
50 9 V Water W 75
$500O S V 6s 10« 0O
Street —
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 15* BO
3<> Makaweli 20 CO
-!> Paauhau S P Co 1« 37S
10 S V Water 84 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — '
25 Contra Costa Water 49 0O
25 Giant Powder Con 63 23
15 Giant Powder Con «3 62Vi
10 Giant Powder Con «* 00
30 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 43 23
5 Makawell 21 50
5 Mutual Electric Light 12 5t)
Street —
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 115 75
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money. 8S 13-16, N Y Central 124
("onsols for acct. 88%'Nor & Western. .^63%
ftnaronda 3 T H ! Do pfd 91
fVtchison 67% Ont & Western .. 22%
Do pfd &2% Pennsylvania, .... 63b
Halt & Ohio 62% Rand Mines 20
Tan Pacific 126 Heading 25%
rhes & Ohio 33«4 Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Ot Western. . I6V4 Do 2nd pfd 34
1 hi M & St P 144 Southern Ry 22%
DeBeers 9% f Do pfd 87%
pen & Rio G S4«4i«3ou Pacific 45
Do pfd 79% Union Pacific 76V4
Erie 29 Do pfd 88%
Do 1st pfd 68 US Steel 18%
Do 2nd pfd 51 Do pfd 71
Illinois Central ..185% Wabash 21
Louis &. Nsh 100% Do pfd -33%
Mo Kan & Tex... 20
Bar silver, steady, 20 7-16d per ounce.
Money. 3@3% v«r c«nt.
The rats of discount In the open market for
short bills is S'^&3 15-16 per cent; for three
months' bills Is 3 15-16&4 per cent. '
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— The following table,
compiled by BradMreet. mows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
September 17. with the percentage of Increase .
and decrease as compared with the correspond- I
ing week last year:
—Percent—
Inc. Dec.
•New York $1,012,003,570 «7.5
•Chicago 171.3C6.70O 7.5
•Boston 120.743.606 6.3
•Philadelphia JW. 701.092 11.2
•St. Louis 5O.S91.098 6.3 ....
PUtsburg 61,712.886 3.8
•Pan Franalsco... 35.770.811 14.0 ....
•Baltimore 21.901.180 .... 11.8
Cincinnati 20.788.350 .... 3.0
•Kansas City 23.6h2.407 83 ....
Cleveland 14,952,775 12.3
•Minneapolis 15.023.074 4.6
•New Orleans Il.9h4.786
Detroit 10.464.104 12.3 ....
•Louisville 9,704,372 2 2
Omaha 7.887,617 12.7 ....
•Milwaukee 8,573.030 23.U
•Providence 6.404,900 3.4
•Buffalo 6."fi»j.057 10.3 ....
•St Paul 5.61S.150
I Indianapolis " rt.472,lS9 21.3
! Lib Angeles 7.2»52.201 41.7
! *?t. Joseph 5.396,823 15.7
! Denver 5.(X<2.744 .... 5.1 j
! Richmond 3.01K.804 1
'Columbus 4.2Sr..<500 .... 0.2
Seattle 4.660.386 ..":. 9.1
! Washington 3.S10.290 IB. 7
•Pavsnnah M B0. 300 13. 0
I Memphis 2,289.158 10.2
i Albany 3.100.S43
! Salt Lnke City... 2.02>,3SS 14.3
: •Portland. Or 4.43.S.3S* 21.8 ....
(•Toledo 4,1«7,473 20.5 ....
I Fort Worth 3.410.074 27.1 ....
Peoria 3.212.505 4.1
i Hartford 2.358.612 6.5
Rochester 2,295.158 IS. 4
j Atlanta 2.5S7.870 1.1
. Des Molnes 1,002.117 5.4
! New Haven 1.757,425
¦Nashville 2.10S.437 18.8
: Spokane. Wash... 2.2«>.S10 28. 3
Grand Uapids 2.03S.84S 12.2
! Sioux City 1.04D.0C2 59. 0
fJprinjrneld Mass. 1,557.389 7.4
I Norfolk 1. 335,570 1.1
I Dayton 1.742.22S 10.9-
Tacoma 2,245.032 .50.7
(Worcester 1.552.761 5.0
Augusta, Ga 1,422.70.1 7.2
1 Portland Me 1.601.0S4 12.5
Scrcnton l.C34.flO3 32.4
I Toptka 1,4I5.C2'J 4.0
i Syracuse 1,242,29.9 o.b
' Evansville 1.174.930 12.0
; Wilmington. Del.. 1,212.200 5.5 ....
; PlrmlnKham 1,1O3.17« G.6 ...?
Davenport 82«.0:n .... 17.6
1 Fall River 75S.335 IS. 2
; Little Rock 747.443 12.7
: Knoxvllle 1,153.180 34.7
I Mccon 781. 0C0 3.0
WWkesbarre 820.319 20.7
; Akron 728,100 3.3
Pprlngfield. Ill 714.113 18.5
! Wheeling. W. Va. l«3,059 .... 9.5
'Wichita «45.8!»3 27.2
; Your.Rstown f;02.334 25.1 ....
Helena 555.756 18.8
Lexington 5S5.349 24.2
! Chattanooga £47,21 ft 26.4
Lowell 4K2.851 10.2
¦ New Bedford T.21.5.V) 7.7
I Kalamatoo r>70.13« 25.2
¦ Farpo. N. D r.25,300 11.0 ....
I Canton, O r>S«.000 21.5
I Jacksonville. Fla. 042.4(58 103.4 ....
Greensburg, Pa... 400..122
Rockford. Ill 4«0.fiS5 13.0 ....
, Springfield. 0 314.021 0.4 ....
i Blnjrhamtcn 427,500 14.7 ....
: Chester. Pa 385.600
, Bloomtngton. 111.. 4O0.377 3fi.fl
I Qulncy. Ill 3in.»15 11.7
i Sioux Falls. S. D. 204.530 13.8
i Manifleld. 0 194.(r>tl
Jacksonville. 111.. 14."t.0O2 29.5
Fremont. Neb 1 56,«13 14.7
IJtica 2.861. T25 2!).l
Pe^atur. Ill 2«3.0C2 5.2
1 •••Houston 12,405.485 8.6
i •••Galveston 8,055.000 10.4
'Charleston. S. C. W4.RR1
j Guthrie. O. T. ... 7H3.909
Total*. t T . S.V.$l,821,fl8B.6O5 27 1
Outside N. York 809 023.119 0.9
CANADA. %
j Montreal 520,018. 704 13.0 '
i Toronto 15,737.2."S 3.8 j
' Winnipeg 4.M«.«fiO 4.3
Halifax 1.771.2r5 16.3 '
Ottawa 1,9in,429 7.1 i
: Vancouver. B. C 1.4«a.fi23 10.4
: Ouelrt"C 1.689.3R5 22.3 ....
1 Hamilton 1,141.130 28.4 ....
St. John, N. B • c mr>,720 23.2 ....
! Victoria. B. C A 809.542 31. «
London 830,449 10.3
j Totals. Canada $51,108,209 0.C :
•Balances paid in cash. "'Not Included In '
1 totals because containing other items than i
clearings. '¦
tNeiv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.780; exports. 27.752. Less active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 54.050. Spot, easy; No.
2 red. 84}ic elevator and 8e?;» f. o. b. afloat:
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 92%c f.< o. b. afloat; j
j No. 1 hard Manitoba. 94 Vic f. o. b. afloat. Op- !
j tlons pustalned further losses to-day under llq- I
uldatlon brought on by fine weather, antlcl- 1
I pau-d larger receipts, lower cables and more J
active threshing operations. After 'midday the
market rallied on export talk, but finally weak- '
ened again und«r liquidation, closing lc below !
la?t night. May, 87 l-ltiS87»ic. cloEed 87'^c;
September, &i%Qg7c. closed SC?»c; October,
tG'H.«i^7 : )BC 1 closed oC^ic.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
PKTROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot, quiet. The market for coffee
1 future* cloned steady, net 5(310 points hlsher,
I with sales of 24,000 bags. October, 4..30@4.35c;
I November. 4.4004. 43c; December, 4.C5@4.70c;
I January. 4.75c; February, 4.S5c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, firm.
Cash quotations were as rotlows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat. 80®S7c; No. 2 red,
75UeS0c- No 2 com. 50»ic; No. 2 yellow; 52c;
No 2 white oats 41c; No. 3 white. 38%@30%c;
No. 2 rye 6G@56>ic; fair to choice malting
barley 55<3«Oc; No. 1 flaxseed, !Wc; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 04: Prime timothy seed.
$3 30; mess pork, per bbl. $13 60UJ13 65; lard,
per 100 lbs, $0 4.".^O 50; short ribs sides
(loos*) $3 75«3tf>- dry salted shoulders (boxed). !
$6 62%36 75; short clear sides (boxed). $8 75® I
0; whisky, basis of high wines. }1 23; clover,
contract grade. $9 75glO.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ) 10.700 14.100
Wheat, bu 120.000 61.700
Corn, bu S2S.3O0 478.300
Oats bu 204,100 2S0.0O0
Rye bu B.700 1,600
Barley, bu . .' 58, 800 3.400
On the Produce Exchange to-day the buttar
market was firm; creameries. 15®20%c; dairies.
13517%c. . Chwe. firm: 10%@ll^ic. Eggs,
firm; at mark. 18®lS%c
Foreign Futures. •
I jl VKR POO I *, '
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening « 4 V« fi 4^ O 5* ;
Closing i «4% 6 4% 8 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— ¦ Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening ......' 21 05 21 20
Closing 2100 2120 !
Flour— ;
Opening 30 40 28 25
Closing 30 35 28 30
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 18.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4500; slow; good to prime steers, $5 40@3 (&);
poor to medium, ?41?."i 20: stickers and feeders,
f'i 5Of?4 15; cows. *1 50(M BO; heifers. 52^#
4 SO: eanners, $1 5<Kfr2 <50; bulls. $25?4 00;
calves. $3 50? 7 10; Texas fed steers, $3fJ-l 40;
Wertern steers. ?3 25^4.50.
HOGS — Receipts to-riay. 14.000; to-morrow,
10,000: strong, ltk: higher; mixed and butchers,
$5 7(»®6 23; to choice heavy, $5 85s'itf 15;
rough heavy, «." 65©5 80; light. $5 7O@0 25;
bulk of sales. 55 75'ilJ K>.^
SHEEP — Receipts. 15,000: sheep, strong;
lambs, Ptronn; good to choice wethers, $3 25«
4; fair to choice mixed. S2 2r>©3 25; Western
sheep, ?2 75113 75; native lambs, $3 50.^6 10;
Western lambs, $3 .WQ5 45.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Sept. 18.— The offerings at the
yool auction sales to-day numbered 13.382
: bales. Including a large supply of scoureds in
fine condition, at higher prices. The offerings
i of merinos ¦were larger and they sold steady.
i Cross breds were In strong request and several
parcels were taken for America.
Northern Business.
i SEATTLE. Sept. IS.— Clearings, $635,932;
! balance*. SUO.444. !
TACOMA. Sept. IS.— Clearings, $221,779;
balances. $.10,15*.
PORTLAND. Sept. IS.— Clearings, $493,125;
balances. $r>4.4ir>.
SPOKANE. Sept. IS.— Clearings. $296,738;
balances, $22,195.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. IS. — Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 77c: blue stem. Sic: valley. 80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. IS.— Wheat, lc higher; blue
stem, 83c; club, 70c.
AVre York stock market weaker.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and devoid of especial feature.
Slight variations in Silver and Stcrlin*g Exchange.
Wheat and Barley futures and cash Barky lower.
Western Corn still arriving liberally.
Seed Oats high and /inn. Rye continues to advance.
Beans developing more tone. Seeds still nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as previously quoted.
Southern Association fixes prices for Walnuts.
Honey quiet in spite of short crop reports.
Provisions firmer again at Chicago and dull here.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs in ample supply.
Lucol Oil marked up.
Poultry quieter. Game in better demand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in their usual good supply.
Cooler zveather operates against the Fresh Fruit market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles. Open. Hlffh. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— „„„,
September, new. 79% <9J« <!> 79
December, new. 8m £1% Sp% 80%i
May S.5V4 »3Vt 82% 82%
SeSber' 0 :..^ 51% Bl% 51 61 %
DeceXr 81 Vi 5}% W% 50%
May 51U 61Vi 50^ 50%
Sep^mlir 0 "..^ 37% M*6 37% 37%
December 3S»i 3»H 38% 38»i
May -10 40^ 30 % 40
Septemb^r^.tlS^" 13 60 , 13 «0 13 60
October ..... 13 55 13 70 • 13 55 13 70
May 13 50 13 57% 13 45 13 62^
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September » •"» ft 5° • M B 4 "%
October 8 20 « 27% 8 17% 8 25
January 7 27% 7 30 7 25 7 27%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 9 00 9 00 0 00 - t> 00
October I> 00 9 15 ©00 0 15
January 7 00 7 00 6 »2% 6 97%
Large white Beans are very firm and a lot
sold on the wharf at $2 02ty. The other de
scriptions showed little change. The tone of
the market has been somewhat firmer of late.
BEANS — Cayos $2 7002 00; Pea. $3 25: But
ters. $3; small White $:ifr3 15; large White.
$2 65Q2 CO; Pink. $2 75<02 85: Red, $2 90-33;
Lima. $3 40<?3 50; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye. $2 60^2 C5 per ctl; Horse Bqans,
$1 4f)@l 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70@l HO; Canary.
B@n'/4e for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
194©2V'jc; Timothy. €(g6V4e; Hemp. :Ui©3Vic
per lb; Millet. .'i'&HHrc: Broom Corn Seed. $20@
" DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 60@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
FRUITS AND NUTS—
AlliKtr Pears, ea.2."><S<5r> Limes, doz — <f20
Almonds lfi&2" Umont, doz 16(023
Apples 3@ 5 Nectarines, lb .. StfilO
Blackberries, dr..25ig>3;> Nutmeg Mel, ea. JiftlO
Cantaloupes .... 15©no Oranges, doa .... 25^50
Cranberries, qt.. — <S 25 Prunes. Jb 6© 6
Crabapples, lb . .— <$ 5 Pomegranates. ea24<35
Pecans — @20JPeaches, perlb.. Bij? 8
Braxll Nuts WW—lpears, per lb... 5@ 8
Bananas, doz. ...35@50 Pineapples, ea. . .25*>'.V>
Chestnuts — ©u:vi | Quinces, lb 8® 5
Cocoanuts, each.. —^JIC Raisins, per lb.. X>Q\J>
Dried Figs, pr lb — ©10 Raspberries, drw50@75
Fresh Figs, lb 8@124 Strawberries, per
.Grapes, per lb...3@5 drawer 2<1if.V)
Orape Fruit. dz.75cQ$l Walnuts, per lb. .l£»<f»20
Hucklbries. lb.l0g:l2V'» Watermelons, ea.25«J50
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes, doz.. 40(g 50 Onions, per lb.. 1® 2
Asparagus, lb lOjmlOkra, green, lb. 5i*» «
Be«>U. dozen 10S— Okrs, dried, lb..— «i25
Beans, white, lr>. iVS— Potatoes, lb 2521b
Colored. p« r \U 5ffi — Parsnips, per dz.l5*?20
Dried Lima. lb.. <un. 8 Rhubarb, lb — Q f>
Cabbage, each... r.-fi Irt Itartishes.dz bch^lS'^iO
Celery, head .... ri'nrlOSage, dz bunches23(W —
Cress, dz bunch. 15«J~ String Beans, lb. 6<g> 8
Cucumbers, dz. ..10^/15 Summer Squash,
Garlic — <? C per lb 3@ 5
Gre«n. Corn, doz.2r^riO Sprouts, per lb.. C® 8
Green Peppers. lb 'AU 3 Rplnacn, per lb.— ff? 5
Dried Peppers . . . 10422? Tweet Potatoes, '
K«g Plant 3@ 5 per lb 2'i» {
Green Peas, lb. . 42! (t rhyme.dz bnchs^.'-ifiSO '
Lettuce, per doz. lS'fiCn Turnips, per dz.. — @15
Let-ks,ilz bunchs.l5(S20 Tomatoes, lb ... i"5 3
Lima Beans, lb.— @ 0
• pjgjj
Parracouta —<Q\T> Sea Bass — tfJ15
Carp 10(31:."- Smelts — (ft 15
• "attlsh — ftYSM Soles 12Hfr1."i
Cixlflsh — ®l^u. Skates, each 10K15
Flounders \f<Jf.— Squid --^10
Halibut i:.fi— Tomcod 12',i.?—
Herring — ki — Turbot 2o«i —
Mackerel — #;;15 Trout. Salmon... — ®:«
! Do horse 13(fi- - Trout .-. — 640
I llockflsh — «T 15 Brook Trout — ftf"5
I BaJmon. fresh - <Q — Whltefish 100 —
: Do smoked ... — #23 Clams, gallon ..50^ —
| Fardlnes lOtt— Do hardshell. lb S^IO
I Shrimps — (Slo'Crawnsh. lb ..IO@12^
I Shad 10?/ — (Crabs, each — 0 —
( Ftrlped Bass . ..— ftlSjMursels. quart. — «12>i
Perch lOff — lOysters, Cal. 100.40350
! 1'omplno --tfiaOi Do Eastern,Uz.3C@4O
! Rockcod — itfiul
DAIRY PRODUCE, EfTC.—
Butter, choice, sqttX^S Common Ew-SJgSS
Do good 45(355 Ranch Eggs 4 °2i°
Do pecked. lb274fi#0 Eastern Eggs — ©30
Cheese. Cal 15©2« Honey, comb, P«*^
Cheese. Eastern . 2O#25 pound :-*~I2t?
Cheese, Swiss...::;. - Do extracted.. 8«10
MEATS, PER POUND—
Bacon 15022 Pork Sausage.. 12%®15
Hams 1«@1S Smoked Beef —©20
Lard 124^-
The San Francisco Butchers" Protective As
sociation gives the following* retail prices for
meats:
Roast Beef lOg20 Hindqrtr Lamb..l«'ff20
Tenderloin Steak.l5#18 Foreqtr Mutton.. S®10
Porterhse, dolt^." Leg Mutton ...12V4@15
Blrloln Steak.. 124^15 Mutton Chops. .124018
Round Steak ..100124 Mutton Stew ....'H&IO
Beef Stew — (ff 10 Roast Veal . 12#20
Corned Beef 8®10 Veal Cutlets 15*1-20
Boup Bones 4© — Veal Stew ...,12Vi©15
Soup Meat 5@10|Roai!t Pork ...12u.*v«
Lamb Chops ....— 02OTork Chops 13&18
ForeqtrLamb .12%©15l
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 60@80|Geesi\ each $1 75
Young Roosters, (Goslings $2 00
: each CO@75 'Pigeons, pair ... — @3O
Old Hoosters, ea_50(|.«5 Squabs, p*r pair. — @50
Fryers, each ...50@«) Rabbits, each....— ©23
Broilers, each ..40@.Y> Hare, each — @20
Turkeys, per lb.23©2t»|Wlld Doves, dz..$l 50
Ducks, each 75c<g$l I * - V
Eggs and Cheese remain precisely the same
as quoted last week, while full-weight squares
of Butter are a little higher. Comb Honey Is
still, rather scarce and high.
Meats and Fish show no changes worthy of
note. Poultry is In good supply, but several
descriptions are higher owing to an unusually
brisk demand for the approaching hon-
Vegetables are abundant, with prices of all
descriptions reasonable. Some kinds _of fruit
are becoming scarce and prices are a "™ le
higher, but most kinds remain as quoted last
COAL. PER TON— .
Wellington .$—©10 00 New
Seattle $ — © 8 CO Wellington? — & 1O on
Roalyn S— & 9 00 Coo»- Bay . •$— <f ' £>
Richmond ...$— @ 0 50 Greta $— @ 9 00
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 2562 50 per
crate: Nutmeg Melons, 75c®$l per box; Wa
termelons, 15(g20c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50@3 for fan
cy Valencia*. $1 75@2 25 for choice and f 1 23{>
1 ftO for standard; Seedlings. Sl&l 25; Lentous,
$1©3 per box: Gra«>« Fruit. $1 757J2 25: Un
lean Limes, $S@9; Bananas, nominal; Pineap
ples, $2@3 per dozen.
PEACHES — Small boxen. W>£90c: carriers.
60#75c; large open boxes, .TOG Tie; per ton. $20
625 for Salways.
POMEGRANATES— 60@75c for small boxes
and $2 50 for large.
GRAPES — Seedless, 75p®$l per box; Isabel
la, 75@85c per crate: other varieties, 35{*50c
for small boxes; 5Og75c for crates and ?5c<&$1
for large open boxes; Wine Grapes. S20@24 per
ton for Zlnfandel.
It was difficult to obtain over $20 per ton for'
canning stock. ¦ as the cannera were IndlfterentN
buyers, being busy on Tomatoes. The demand ,
for Melons was light, owing to the cool cloudy
weather, and prices of Watermelons had a
sharp decline. Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Mel
one were In light receipt and although the con
sumptive demand was limited dealers contin
ued to exact high prlcrs for choice offerings.
Prices of table Grapes stood about the same,
with the demand rather light, except for fine
shipping stock. Wine Grapes moved off well
and occasional sales were reported In a small
way at a slight advance over the quotations.
Prices of Citrus fruits had no noteworthy
change. There were no ripe Bananas offering.
Pineapples were plentiful and easier.
STRAWBERRIES — $2©3 CO per chest for Ma
lindas and $4§5 for other large varieties; L ng
worths $4©5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $486 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 60 per chest for or
dinary and $5<35 50 for fancy from Santa Cruz.
HUCKLEBERRIES— e@8c per lb.
APPLES — 9Oc@$l 25 per box for fancy, 60©
75c for Kood to choice and Z3@40c for com-
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 25<gl 50; winter varie
ties, 40@76c per box.
QUINCES— 40©60c per box.
FIGS — lOcg$l per box, according to size of
box.
PRUNES — 65©75c Ber crate and 50©^0c per
box.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKEi\
corn belt caused an additional break In prices,
notwithstanding the frosts of several States,
this morning. On reports that the crop had
not suffered to any great extent there was a
rush of ». selling orders. December closed at
60%c, a 'loss of 1M.C.
The oats market . followed wheat and corn.
December closed Vic lower at 38%®38*4c.
There was an early depression in provisions,
but the market later became firm on buying
by pit traders. October porlc closed 7%c high
er, lard 2Hc lower and ribs 124c up.
The leading, futures ranged as follows:
Continued on Page Thirteta.
There was rather more fluctuation In local
stocks,' under the usual moderate business.
Makawelt Sugar advanced to $21 50 and Olant
Powder to $66. while MutuaJ Electric declined
to.' $12 50. There was more doing in the oil
stocks, . as will be- se«n. Spring Valley Water
cold up to $84 75.
The Spring Valley Water "Works will pay a
monthly dividend of 42 eents per share Septem
ber 21. This Is the final dividend on tb* old
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Sept. IS.— The decline In corn,
the exceptionally fine weather Northwest.
weaker cables and lack of export demand sent
wheat down with but little support. Long
wheat came out in large quantities early, ¦ and
selling order* were In the market throughout
the session. December, starting at 81iic tb
81 ',4c, J /i094o to %o below yesterday's close,
finished at the bottom, 8OV.c\ with a net loss
of l«4@l%e. There was wm« buying by St.
Lou in house*, but not sufficient to cause a
rally. The weakness of Southwestern* market*
influenced considerable selling and foreign ad
vices were bearish.
Reports of fair and warmer weather in the
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
Auction Sale
40 head BROKEN and UNBROKEN MARES
and GELDINGS. Suitable for alt purposes.
Also span stylish bay carriag» geldings. 1«.2,
one single-footing saddle mare.
Consigned from Slskiyou and Lasaen counties.
Sale Takes Place
Monday, September21,1903
At 11 a. m. at
SALESYARD. 1732 MARKET ST.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses now at yard.' t ... . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SKFTffMBER 19, 1903.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FTanclse©
Call, corner Market and Third streets; ©pen
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street: open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Btreet: open until 10 o. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. .
:096 Valencia etreet: open until 9 P. m.
Northeaet corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
22u0 Flllmore gtre-et: open until 9 p. m.
KIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.— Preaching to-
morrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7:20 p. m..
by the pastor. H. H. Bell, D.D. Morning
theme "Abiding Work." Evening theme.
•¦How' a Business Man Lost His Religion.
Fabbath-school. S:45 a. m. C. E. »__|ft|f»
at 8 -SO and 6:30 p. m. Strangers cordially
invited to all services. Pews free. Courteous
ushers. Come and bring your friends. T
MEETING AOTICKS.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. T. a_d A. CJ^
M.. will meet THIS (SATURDAY) VST
AFTERNOON. Sept. 18. at 2 o'clock; /V\
first degree. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary-
GOLDEN* GATE Lodge No. SO, F. and fi
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (SAT-VY
URDAY) AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock; />T\
vecood degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
MISSION Ltxlge No. 168. F. and A. M. O
— Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) YY
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; second /VA
degree. R. E. AJ.LAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 2». F. and A- M.— e[
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) >fY
EVENING. Bt. John's Hall. 7:8O/V\
o'clock; U-rt degree; Master Maeons
are cordially Invited. By order of th« Mas-
ter. J. R- GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
TO the regular funeral detail of the /»7gl.
nrfers' *nd ftevedjre*' Union A»o-
elation Local 222 of the I. L. M. and T.
Awn.— The detail beginning with the name
rt C. F. Anderson and up to and including
Frank Agin will assemble at our hall. <S03
Front st,. SUNDAY, September 20. at 12 m..
to attend the funeral of our deceased x p lc«
president. Brother LEOPOLD JUZIX. By
order of THOMAS F. BRYANT. President.
HENRY JEND. Recording Secretary.
MEMBERS Local 64, I. U. S. E. — You are re-
quested to attend the meeting of Sept. 21.
1903. Business of special Importance.
CLARK C. BRADFORD, Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraullo
process from C. A. Poare, In Phelps Hill
mine, near Washington. Nevaia County.
Cal.. draining into Jefferson Cre«k, which
reaches South Tuba River; from Plumas
Minec Company. :n Plumas mines, near
Quincy, Plumas County. Cal., draining Into
Bqulrrel Creek, which reaches North Fork of
Feather River: from Excelsior Hydraulic
Mining Co— ip— ny. in Excelsior mine, near
Lowell Hill. Nevada County, Cal.. draining
Into North Fork Steep Hollow Creek, which
reaches Feather River, gives notice that
meeting will be held at room S«. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.. September 2S. 1003.
• t 1:30 v. m.
ATTOR>E YS-AT-LAW. \
ADVIC E FREE^ ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS!
Divorcee a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market «.. offices 1, 2. 3. 4 and 5.
BETi ARE OF FRAUDS.
Any ore can adveriiw. but unless the adver-
tiFement mvs "Attorney Bt Law" the party
advertising is not a lawyer; don't be fooled.
'. ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAV.' AGENCY
Rm. BS. i"16 Market; tc!. Rod fil*; bad tfn-
t-its ejTfd Fp*^dily sn<l reasonably; collec-
tions attended tc: attachments; t orporallona
Tganired: civil and criminal practice.
KOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. fill; all cas»s. damages, estctes. wills.
•attachments. «~ellectiom>. etc.; consultation I
fre<»; no advance charges: call or wriU;; i
»venings ry apj>ointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance co5t In meritori-
ous case's, divorr-cs. probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; rp«>n every e~ CD> i
ing. J. M..THURSTON. H9 Market St.. r. MJ j
DIVORCE — Costs $12: quirk, quiet; open even-
ings. S27 Market St., roc— i 301.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckeis bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN &¦ AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11,
Clunie bids.. 5C-3 California t=t.; t_L Main 727.
ADVICE fr<H»; no charge unless successful: all
law business. W. W. Davidscn, 027 Market.
ADVICE free; all cases; open evening?. M. L.
HTAX. S. r ;0 Market St.. ccr. Stockton.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots.55 earh:Gfrman singing
canaries, $2: we will try to please you; every -
thing in our line at right ptlcfs. 1M6 Market.
Bl'SlM2i»S CHANCES. ~~
A CHANCE of a lifetime; a "orttne for 40 per-
»^>n«. 1 for each State; first month'* receipts
pays cost. Why rion't I keep a good thUnf
mys»lf? Because I have the patent right tu I
more territory than I can handle. Call or !
address E. PRICK, room 22. !«S»3 Market *t. ; I
7 to 9 n. zn.: en Sunday 1 to fi.
1700 BUYS crocrry and bar; low rent; good j
trade; bargain. 3«J8 Eleventh «•.. !
WILL tell cheap; a good restaurant; fine Iota- (
tton: or l«*ase; low rent; no reasonable offer
rrfused: must go East; no agents. Box 1757
Call offle-. .
FOR SALE — Good paying creamery, butter and
eggs depot. Box ?C4. Call offlce, Oakland.
WANTED — Energetic man with several thou-
sand dollars to take charge of moving picture
rijrutt: $300 to $500 easily made monthly.
Particulars Novelty Theater. Oakland.
WILL furnish machln* that will take out every j
particle of free gold, for placer proposition I
Box 12&4. Call office.
$300— BAKERY In Monterey; good ruslness; 2
horses, 2 wagon?, all appliances fcr bakery-
Apply M. B. SMITH. Monterey, Ca!.
20- YEAR established butcher business for sale;
party desirous of selling owing to other butl- |
ness en hand. Apply 432 Third st.
CIGAR and notion store; 3 living rooms; a bar-
saln. 1S6 First »t.
FOR eale— Dyeing and cleaning works; will
teach party. 1421 Point L*>bos ave.
FOR SALE: — An lr.eide route en this paper.
For particulars apply at offlce.
LODGlNti-HOl SKS FOR SALB.
30© ROOMS; nous- for men: rent $1*0 $4000
M. rooms; south of Market: r»-nt $100.. 2<XW
:."4 rooms; comer: part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good income: rent $20 nSO
21 rooms; watrr front; rent $40; lease.. CK)
12n rooms; good lease: low rent c.VX)
T>~ r— is. ; *S3Ertmert*;Wertern Add.; rent 2,",0
Money loaned «t 1 w>r cm.
Hotels, madhouses, flats. 0 to 100 rooms
EITEL - CARROLL. 212 Kearny ft.
LODGING-HOUSE of 23 furnished rooms 1
bath, kitchen; good location on Market it •
a!l new furnishings; no agents; sure to make
money. 12CC Turk st.
LODGING-HOUSE: sunny corner: long lease;
rent very low ; 70 rooms; weil furnished'
Bex 1267. Call.
|^^i^^^"^"M"W"W»»~M~M~--------W-M---_|___i MWBW ,^ I
SPIRITUALISM.
SCHOOL of parlor entertainment, mystery and
occult learning; parlor entertainment every
evening, H o'clock nharp, except Sunday; 25c.
Hsonj 12fi. Uurpby fcldg.. 1236 Market st.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa.
ir.cus psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
»t.. near Octavla.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
*:3O to 4: «eanee« Sunday and Thursday.
CLAintfOYAKTS.
ATTENTION^ $~1 $1 |1 $1 $1
My regular $3 readings this we«1c for
SI (1 $1 SI SI SI SI
PROFE6SOR PAUL DESTINE.
The. flret registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
' do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupxticn and what you called for; I promi«e to
'ell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false; I tell you whom and when
>ou will marry; in fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can
tell yourself: I Improve your character bo that
you m-lll reach the blghret possible develop-
ment in mental vigor, health, happiness and
capacity to earn wealth, so you will live bap-
py and contented th« rest of your life. Hrs — 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sunday. 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell.
mme. m. Bernard! the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma- .
netitly located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; ehe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and pcn.ra.ys events to
occur in the future: If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
— real medium and you will be told bow to
*>¦»»!— otoe there; valuable advice In all affairs
rf life; 25c up; satisfaction g 1 oaranteed; reatd-
lBgs bj- mail. Tel. Elack 4369.
HELP WASTED- -MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY.
PHONE MAIN 6S48. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT and Labor Agts.
Offlce half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
5 for distribution 7 a. m.; also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET ONE FREE. German.
Italian, French. Spanish, Portuguese, Greek
spoken.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS. "iVi
t We know no distinction between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE GAVE 1803. WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. CO.OOO MEN WORK.
TO-DAY WE SHIP FREE TO
NEVADA, ARIZONA.
OREGON, LOS ANGELES,
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLITS, UKIAH.
AND ALL POINTS 37 P. and Santa Fe.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every description, in-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men,
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters.' $5, $4, $3, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay ¦-
CARPENTERS FREE FARE.
4 carpenters, large winery, fare $3. $40. fd.
Carpenter, ranch, 30c fare, $40 and found.
SPECIAL.
IB carpenters, 6 helpers, big water power,
south. $90 and $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
COME.
863 laborers, teamsters, city and country
Jobs, $2, $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work. Come, see.
155 Italians, $2 25 day. *
Your board yourselves. - Steady Job*.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away, $43
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $5 day.
105 laborers, teamsters, Wllllts, Ukiaa, free
fare, t«7 50.
Do You Know — Free Fare.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'» own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra, gangs,
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
180 teamsters and ax men. $75. « .
107 laborers and drillers, $75.
15S track layers, ballast track. $87 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60. $75 found.
96 miners and timbermen, $00 found.
1S3 quarrymen. also drillers, $82 to $90.
86 carmen, furnacemen, $75.
STABLES. FARMS. DAIRIES, HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to $45
and found.
38 milkers, buttermakers. $30, $35, $40 found.
156 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50. $3 day.
6S choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found.
18 stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
SS men for brickyards. $35 to $S0 and found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wlven. farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $4*rto $70 and found.
« MURRAY * READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located in Four Slates.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE — FREE — FREE.
. fiO5 laborers, no experience, wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
188 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
H*3 tvoodchoppers, $40 to $50 and found.
386 woodchoppers, tiemakers, ,' shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 630 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
26 cooks for .harvest and fruit ranches, hay.
presses, etc., $70, ?60. $50, $40, ?30 and
found: very few men to cook for; no wo-
men there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $65. $50,
$40 and found.
48 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
£2 waiters, different place?. Including cafes,
grills. ?45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. ?15 to $30 and found.
9 rxjrters and brdmakers. city and country
positions, $45 to $20 and/found.
£fi dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California. ?40 to ?25 and found.
18 boys to learn trades and work in factories,
$G to $12 v.eek.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st ;
ARE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted; any-
body can do the work: a man or a boy who
can cat fruit can pick fruit.
$1 FEE. $1 FARE.
FRUIT t37 5O found. FRUIT
PICKING ?3O found. PICKING
TO-DAY. «34 fovnd. TO-DAY.
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go. ccma
back with ?W) to S120. I We ship NORTH.
EAST. SOUTH; also many to the great
wineries.
MURRAY A: READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL —BY— TELEGRAPH.
MIDNIGHT —BY — PHONE ft LETTER.
Deck hands; also freight handlers.
Man nail up cases, city. $f) week; cook,
restaurant, 10c fare. $70; 3 young men. city
factory. $9 week; young man delivery clerk,
olty. $2 day; waiter, cafe and grill. 50c fare.
$30 found: porter. tend bar. age 40. $10
week; driver, light wagon, city. $9; 3 bell
boys. $20. •
MARYSVILLE PLACERVILLE.
Laborers, teamsters, carpenters and helpers,
$W).
INSIDE FACTORY WORK.
25 laborers, fare paid $60.
TO EL D — CO.
26 laborers about mill, fare paid. $45 found.
EIG NEW TUNNEL.
25 drillers, muckers. $2 fa»<\ $«2 60 $75.
AMONGST THE BEANS. '
25 men or boys, fare $1 $45. $U0 and found.
IN CITY BOY TO WASH WINDOWS.
SPECIAL.
Piga* feet shaver, factory. $2 25 day up.
12 carpenters, gold dredge building. $82 50;
j boss at our office to-day; 12 carpenters,
frame work, lumkvr company. «|90.
NIGHT SWITCHMAN.
R. R. car factory. $14 Wfek; laborer, learn
furnaclng for mine. $75: bojemaker, factory.
20c fare $2 25 day; 3 handy men. city, no
tools, • $C0; blacksmith. H. M. Co., fare $1.
boss here. $00; young man, work In stable,
fare $2 $30 ar_ found. '
w ______
12 butchers, different Jobs. $50 to $00.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
3563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
COME SEE.
FREE FARE — HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
55 Italians. Spanish, Mexicans, Portuguese,
Greek*. .Austrians, Slavonians, as laborers,
?35 f.nd found.
Big Lumber Company — Free Fare.
THIS IS IT
' 25 laborers. 9 hours' work, 70c fare, $67 50
SS2 50 MONTH FOR
12 laborers for a gold mine. j»S2 50.
ELECTRIC LIGHT. POWER
AND WATER SYNDICATE— MINE DIS-
TRICT—FREE FARE,
i 25 laborers, you'll suit, steady job, $67 50.
2 waiters, same place, fare $1 50. $S week fd.
I.lackymlth, vineyard, Santa Clara County,
s;;.j found.
Second baker, city, ?IO.
2 carpenters, fare SOc, $3 day.
8 cabinetmakers, country; cook. Nevada. $50.
4 young men, city mill, you'll suit, $!) week.
FREE TO WILLITS. UKIAH— FREE.
To-day, teamsters, $67 50.
Butcher, shop and wagon, fare $150, $30 fd.
Handy man with butcher knife, city, $2 25
day. •
Cooper, packing-house, $3 25 day.
2 lathers, $2 50 per m.
. 3 slack coopers, 9c; second butcher. $50 fd.
Cutoff sawyer, city; ''. boys to learn trade, $D.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, first-class lumber company, $60
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
82 laborers, bis?, good lumbsr Co.. SCO to $75
RESERVOIR WORK. '
25 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50. $67 50
LOOK! FARE PAID.
2T> laborers, manufacturing plant, $67 50.
flS TRACK MEN. NEW WORK. $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $.'{ 50 day.
2C lumber pliers. Santa Cruz County, $80
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, teamsters, axmen, $75.
NORTHEAST-+- SOUTH— FREE. ' ':'-.':
2555 RAILROAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS.
Experienced nailing: machine man, city $75
WAREHOUSES.
12 laborers, fare Si. you'll suit, $3 day. \
Dumpeart driver, mine, $35 found.
56 laborers, soecial electric R. R.. $60, $75.
36 drillers, water company NORTH. $75.
30 drillers, muckers, etc.. $75. $60, free fare.
" -SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS.
165 ironmen. splkers, track laborers. $75.
. 12 laborer*, track gang on railroad, $3 day.
3 meat cutters. $15 week: blacksmith, fare
$1 $3; wood turner. $3 50.
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY* S
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay st!
FREE FARE. v
65 laborers to shovel coal. $2 75 day; not far
away; only SOc office fee.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 636 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$150 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third St., Kxam.bld.;
open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room* 14. 26 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
"WANTED— First-class drapery, cutter; stats
¦experience and references. Box 1286. Call..
WANTED — A ' young man to drive butcher
wagon. 1919 Fillmore st.
ERRAND bay ¦ with good • recoriimendatlons.
ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCT.
020 — Sacramento st. — 520.
Phone Main 1191. cor. Leldesdorff st.
Steamer sails to-morrow morning.
Be sure you call to-day to go to Astorta.
ASTORIA. OREGON, near PORTLAND.
S A'.I winter's Job. FEE SI.
T Rare $3, with berth and meals.
0 25 laborers, $51 fd; 23 : rockmen. $r>9 fd.
R Company work; iio discount.
1 We fire the only office shipping.
A. Ship on O. R. N. Co/s fine big SS.
Willits, Uklah route, te? $1.
SO teamsters and laborers. $2 25 day. fre«
fare, fee $1, free fare.
Tlmberman, mine, north, $157 50 found.
2 furnacemen, mlr.e, $65; second man. chores,
private place, see boss here, $30 found.
Coachman, private. $30 found.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY.
SHIP TO-NIGHT— CHICO— FEE $1.
Half fare. Half fare.
800 teamsters, laborers and rockmen. $2 25 to
$2 SO day; 25 concrete laborers, $2 25; 20
tunnelmen. bos3 here to-day.
Diamond Match Co.'a own work. f# $1.
ISO laborers, track, ballast. lronmen and
splkers. $2 to $2 M> day. fee $1. boss here
to-day, shtp to-night.
FREE FARE— HUMBOLDT CO.— FEE $1.
25 laborers, Italians. It. R. In woods, large
lumber company, $35 found.
BIG TUNNEL— NEAR CTTT— FREE FARE.
FEE $1: 10 muckers. $60; 5 tunnelmen, $75.
MANUFACTURING CO. LABORERS.
15 laborers, you'll suit, $45 found; FEE $1.
SOO men for sawmills, yards and woods, all
over the State. $2 to $3 50 day.
10 trackmen. 10c fare. $2 25 day; 10 laborers,
private R. R-, near city. $2 23 day; 10 la-
borers, large lumber company. Humboldt
County, cheap fare. $37 SO found.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S own work. FREE FARE.
200 section and extra gang men. all over
State; also Merced and Fresno: FEE $1.
MISCELLANEOUS.
2OO laborers, different Jobs, soma city; 20
S miners, 200 muckers and carmen, $60 to $75;
circular saw filer and hammerer, small mill.
• see.boes here, $75 found; 300 men and boys,
pick fruit and work In dry yards, etc.; sea
us to-day; baker, country shop; cook. B. H.,
$50 found; 2 tallymen, lumber company:
rough carpenter, factory. $3 day: waiters and
dishwashers. Men. we have 6OO other Jobs
not advertised. Call and see us and get a
free list of Jobs AT PACIFIC EMPLOTT-
MENT AGENCT. 520 Sacramento st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 ani
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, $.1 60; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam., bldg.. 5 doors from Market;
] open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
"WANTED — First-class experienced* bookkeeper
to take position in country: must have good
local recommendations as tn ability and In-
tegrity. Answer in detail, giving salary re-
qulred, box 1283. Call offlce.
STRICTLY first-class experienced bookkeeper
and cashier; about 30 years of age; familiar
with wholesale grain and hay business;
state age, experience and refs. Box 12S7. Call.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
gcod character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruittng offlce. 40
¦Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222^i N. Main
et.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St., Sacra-
. mento. Cal.
WANTED — Educated man to learn our business
ard take responsible position when qualified;
position permanent: salary $900: references
required. GEORGE L. SHl'MAN & CO.. 64
Columbian building.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third fit.: 250 rcoms: 25c to SOc per night
MEN" to learn barber trade; only^S weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; .catalogue
and full information mallei free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid while
learning. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED— A wood turner. R22 3d st.
COATMAKERS wanted: $24 per week: steady
work all through the year. Apply 27 Geary.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bull's, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED — E.\peHenced art goods saleswoman.
one who understands stamping. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.''
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe anil
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
nubrcrlptlons has been established at 1006 Va-
lencia St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mljslon st.. bet. 1st and 2d st*.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to KOc. SKi Mission rt.. bet. 1»t anil ?1 »ts.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale — A stylish black mare, suitable for
family horse; is very gentle and free driver.
CHAS. LUSCHER, Redwood City.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store.
H45-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
FOR sale^ — Handsome trap: cheap. Box 1050,
CM! offlce.
Largest assortmt --hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. 1 5th- Valencia
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
•gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^P^BTTE^i!sT^Mimn^rtoricTrsend for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and *flat3 to let; an Immense list;
serxlce absolutely free: take advantage of
tills department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
FILBERT. 122.T — House to rent: 7 rooms, bath;
garden; water free.
VAN NESS ave.. 21C6. near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms: rent $70.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET ITUMSHED.
NICELY furnished sunny corner house of 12
rooms to rent on Van Ness ave. Apply CEN-
TER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house: 10 room*
and 2 baths: large garden: grand view.
LOST AN1> FOUND.
LOST — September 17, small terrier; head and
back brown: chest and part of body white;
long ears and tall; collar; answers to the
name of Bill. Return 2110 Larkin St.: re-
ward.
$10 REWARD — Lost. Sept. 17, on or near the
Tiburon fer— »boat, a lady's pearl breastpin.
Finder will please return to C. H. EVANS.
183 Fremont st.
LOST — September 1. bulldog; color brlndle.
¦ white chest and feet: ears and tail cut; collar
and license; answers to name Major or Kid;
$10 reward. 1310 Baker st., near Geary.
LOST— In Call bldg.. diamond stud. Return S.
F. Club. Call bldg.; reword.
LOST — Sunburst pin, small diamonds. Return
to 1005 Mission St.; reward.
LOST — Lady's purse containing $50: liberal
reward. Finder please address box 4322. Call, i
LOST — A St. Bernard doj about 2 years old.
Return to 848 Thirtieth st.. Oakland; reward.
LOST — Sept. 14. Irish setter pup; white breast
and tip of te.ll. 3355 Mission st. ; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter ~st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
z MEDICAL. "
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience;. removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S',i Market St., opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick. or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: tnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a. private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
A maternity vllls: private:* secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsora »t., corner
26th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 31» Powell st.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
YOUNG man would like position In cigar stand
In the morning only; experienced. Box 4304.
Call office. 1,
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation; city
"*>or country; can do his own .repairs; reference
given. Box 4144. Call office.
EPANISH engineer and experienced machinist
In machinery of mines deetres position. Ad-
dress Hallhard Hotel. 507 Pine st.
A REFINED old gentleman desires a position
as companion. Box 1278. Call office.
JAPANESE couple want place in family, man
good cook, wife wait on table and house-
work; speak well. OHAR. 423 Stevenson st.
A JAPANESE high school student wishes situ-
ation as schoolboy in small family; plain
cook; $2 a week. SAKA, 807 Polk st.
A JAPANESE, having some experience on
drawing and painting, wants a situation con-
cerning the kind. Apply to (with letters
only) K. B.. Japanese Mission, 1304 Post St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1099
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL. '_,__^_,. l
rpER^ CEXT^TO~6~?ER~CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
I lay ward building,
San Francisco, Cal.
TO INVESTORS — Subscriptions from $100 up
wanted in a new manufacturing enterprise:
. large profits assured; Investigation solicited.
' Address GUY H. SALISBURY, 520 PaVrott
building. San Francisco.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive in every town; applicant must be able to
give bank security It required. Address box
12S3. Call office.
FLATS TO LKT.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Corde* Furniture Co., 245-209 Geary
St.. on the square.
TO l?t— Fiat. 2S65 ISroderlck, SW. cor. Filbert.
7 rooms, bathroom (Including servant's room
in basement); rent $35; open from 9 to 6
daily; new and in perfect condition; grand
marine view; a few steps from Union-st.
cars. W. J. GUNN, 530 California St.,
Savings Union building.
FLAT— 5 rooms, etc.; Ellls-st. corner; rent $30;
furniture for sale on easy terms; 3 rooms now
occupied; brings rent; this Is " a bargain.
MURDOCH, Chronicle bldg.. .San Francisco.
NOE, 1056. cor. Elizabeth — A new (5-room flat;
all modern improvements; convenient to Cas-
tro and Twenty-fourth st. care; rent reason-
able.
BEAVER, 57. 1 block from Market and Six-
teenth — Modern S-room flat very cheap.
2 ELEGANT new flats, 6 and 7 rooms; rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
GROVE. 731 — Upper flat 6 rooms, bath; light,
sunny; adults.
Upper flat 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
Kss range, bath: reasonable. 2.'511 Jackson st.
UPPER and lower flat. S943-3947 Seventeenth
St.. half block from Market ct.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free:, #18. 336
Tehama Et. .
FLATS TO LET ITUMSHED.
FURNISHED sunny flat, 7 rooms; modern Im-
provements; gae range; adults; r*t. 4.1S 14th.
FLATS FOK SALE — KUK.MSliKU.
FOR sale — Cheap, furniture cf ti-room flat. Call
*»47 Devlsadcro St.. corner McAllister.
FLATS FOK SALK.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 1VI CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FUKNITliltE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairp, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1103 Mission; tel. Mint 2481!
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpots, <Hc. : te!. Larkin 3«;i. 634 Ellis.
HELP WAATKU FEMALB.
WANTED — Cook. 8 adults, |35; 4 cooks, $30,
$.'.5; cook and second girl, same house, $35-
$2.">: 4 second girls, $20-$2J: 3 nursegirls. $25;
lady's maid, $30, slerp home: housework.
£25, slccn home; 2 men' find wives, $45; '£
waitresses for sanitarium, $20-$30; housework
girls lor country. $ - -5-$3<»: laundress. -4 Jays
•week, ?2 day, steady place; 2 parlormaids,
$'J5-$3O; French maid, $2">; 4 hotel waitresses,
city and country, $'J0-*25; ."• chambennaids,
waft <->ne meal, $2i)-?23; Is5 hovseglrls, city
and countr-% at J<2'J-?25-.$30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT _ CO.. 334 Suiter Ft.
A LAUNDRESS for a country hotel, $30. fare
paid; 4 waitresses for commercial hctelr In
country, $25. fire paid; a nurse for 4 chil-
dren, £50; 50 cooks and housework glrlb fori
city and country places, 420 to $3o; see par-"
i ties wanting help in the office. MISS
5 PLUNKETT. 423 Sutter si., near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing,
manicuring, etc; trade taught from A to 2
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading uchool in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresalny
trade: manicuring, massage, etc.; 123C Mar-
ket fit., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton it., r. 13.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
*nd canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan st.,
between Third and Fourth. t
"WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32Vi FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. -
WANTED — Good girl to care"for 2 children in
Ran Rafael, Apply 1S6 Belle ave., San Ra-
fael. .
¦WANTED— Experienced dressmaker to bo to
country; own responsibility: free rent. Ad-
dress L. H.. box 30. Call offlce.
WANTED — Flrst-claes jacket alteration hands.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' '
GOOD seamstr*"!* wanted. Apply -GOLDSTEIN
&. CO.. 733 Market St..
WANTED — Girl for general housework; good
'wages. Apply • 3277 Harrison st. '
"WANTED — A girl In a small family for gen-
I eral housework. Call 120 i Ellis st
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con.
EDGE basters and finishers on coats wanted;
good pay and steady work. S. N. WOOD &.
CO.. 27 Geary »t. ¦
WANTED — Pants finishers; union ehop; union
wages. Apply 8. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary et.
GOOD position for an ambitious woman as a
representative for wholesale house. Box
1280, Call offlce.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sacra-
monto et. -^
FIRST-CLABS waist, skirt, cloak, sleeva
hands and assistants. Apply 1200 Geary st.
LADY agents on salary. Call- 9 to 5, offlce 69,
Columbian building. 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subs:ript;ons has been established at 1006
Valencia «t.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN^CO/S . . '. Agency
429 Bush St 642 Clay St.
Ship Dally This Week for Nevada
100 laborers, Fenelon, Nevada $2
100 laborers, Reno, Nevada $2
100 laborers. Beowawe, Nevada $2
100 laborers. Golconda, Nevada $2
Board $4 60 week
Absolutely Free Fare Offlce Fee $1
For Western Division, California ....
Extra gang $1 70
Muckers, tunnelmen, laborers, Marin Co...
¦ $2 25-$2 60
• ...Absolutely Free Fare for All Above....
.New Work— Marysville. Chico. Placervllle.
Hockmen, laborers $2 25-$2 50
Woodchopper. spring* $1 75 cord and fd.
Milker and wife. ?50: blacksmith, country
shop, $3 day; brlclt molder, 25c M; farmers,
milkers, buggy washers, fruit pickers, coop-
ers.
Cook and wife, springs, steady work, $<V>,
fare paid: cook, country restaurant. $6O-$7O;
cook and helper, country hotel. $75; head
cook, mines, ?70; waiter, country hotel, $3.\
fare paid; oysterman, $40; lunchraan, $4<>;
porters, dishwashers, potwashers. kitchen i
hands, waiters, bell and elevator boy*;
marker and distributor, country labxidry, ;
f 13 50 week
Checker, restaurant $50
C. R. HANSEN & CO. .Employment Agency,
420 Bush st 642 Clay st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Sd St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA— FREE FARE— NEVADA.
200 laborers. Southern Pa'-Iflc's own work,
new job, $2 a day. $18 board.
We Ship Every Day— Kree Fare.
40 section hands: all part3 of California.
EUREKA, HUMBOLDT' COUNTY.
Far». advnnccd per steamer Pomona.
Ship To-day (Saturday) at 12.
R lumber pliers, $35 a month and board.
S laborers, -535 a month and board.
We advance the Fare.
2 spool tenders. Southern California, $55 a
month and board.
WOODSMEN.
2 timber fallers. $60 a month and board.
2 second fallers, $55 a month and board.
2 buckers. f!>0 a month and board.
4 barkers. $50 a month and board.
2 lookouts. S40 a month and beard.
2 waterbucks, $40 a month and board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
7 coal minors, 6-ft. vein, $1 a ton.
CAL. EMP. AGENCV.. 59 Third st.
WANTED— 2 first-class cemept finishers;
country job; see boss here; 85 a day. CALI-
FORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 59 3d.
MINER and wlf» as cook and nurie. $100:
K lineman for legging outfit, $70 and found: 3
larmers and wives, *40. $50 and $55 and
lound; farmers. $25. $26 and $30 and found;
chore buy, $15 and found; woodchopper*.
$1 50 and ?2 75 cord; 8 fruit pickers. $1 15
day and board; slack work coopers; 2 muck-
ers, S2 50 day; laborers for mill and woods.
$40 and board; blacksmiths' helpers, $2 50
day; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
HOTEL second cook, $r,0; night cook and
waiter, $r,5; 2 hotel waiters, $2T. and $35;]
bc-erdtng-house waiter, ?25; oysterman. $40:
dishwashf-r for institution, $30: restaurant
porter, 530; bell boy. $15; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st^
A YOUNG man to welt at table and make
liimsalf useful; ?3f>, boanl anil -room: see
party here. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
et., near PoxvelL
A MAN and wife for country hotel, man to
manage, woman as housekeeper; only experi-
enced people need app'y: see party here early j
this morning. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
tt.. near Powell.
A^-HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Vegetable man, ?U0; bell boys, $15.
EXPERIENCED wanted. Apply S.
N. WOOD &-. CO.
TAILORS — Bushelman wanted. Apply, ready
for work. S. N. WOOD & CO.
BASTERS on coats wanted; steady r-ork 8nd
gcod pay for the right people. Apply S. N.
WOOD fc CO.. 27 Ueary st.
WANTED— A boy of 16 or 17 to learn pants
pressing; union shop; union wages. Apply
S. N. WOOD <fc CO.. 27 Geary et.
WANTED — Pants finishers: union shop: union
woges. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary st.
MANAGER for a cloak and suit department;
one who Is thoroughly familiar with the line,
both managing and buying; good salary to
right party; state age. experience and refer-
ences; all communications strictly confiden-
tial. Box 4323, Call office.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25c, 50c
and f!Cc, while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and M sts.. or 11 Third St.; open
evenings until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
INTELLIGENT, active young man (20) for
out of doors work; high school graduate
preferred; Job perm.; good chance for adv.
Call Sunday. 10 to 12. ¦ 123 California, r. 400.
WANTED — Strong boy to learn painting; not
afraid of work. Apply 212 Jersey st between
7 and 8 a. m.
WANTED-- Experienced young dry goods man
and to assist floorwalker. Address M. E. &.
Co., box 1296, Call office.
WANTED — Strong boy box department. Mu-
tual L. and L,. Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-st. entrance. ,
WANTED— Two experienced markers and dis-
tributors. Fresno Steam Laundry, Fresno,
Cal. . . .....
GOOD 3-chalr barber shop for sale, cheap. Ad-
dress D.. WHITE," 12 East San Fernando St.,
San Jose, Cal.
'BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
21 East st.
BARBER for Saturday, from 6 to 10 o'clock.
428 -sixth -st. --
BARBER to take charge of «hop for few weeks;
wages $18 per week. C. JORDAN, St. Helena.
WANTED — Elderly kitchen man. 211 Steuart
street,
WANTED— Machine hand. Home Mfg. Co.,
656 Brannan st. ' '
~~ / . :
WAITER for restaurant. 126 Ninth st. .
WANTED— Waiter. 281 Flrfet st.
WANTED— Waiter at new Golden Gate Hotel,
1C4 Fourth et.
EXPERIENCED salesman for corporation se-
curitlcs. 1^. THORN E & CO.. ; 207 Montgomery.
BOAT builders, helpers, lumber pliers. H. T.
CARLSON, ISth and Illinois sts., Potrero.
MILLINER".
LADIES, you are Invited to visit my milliner?
opening to-day and to-morrow; imported an-1
Xtw York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post st.
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at h*r millinery parlcrs.221 G<ary.
H1SCELL.4XEOLS— FOH !>ALB.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? " ~~~~
Repair «t with elaterlte: in rolls ea«y to lay:
needs to painting or coating; good over oM
iroa. tin cr shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINQ CO.. 713 Market n.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting 1 , etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-1.T2 Beale st.
A SNAP — 5-room house partly furnished: fresn
Jersey cow; new Home sewing machine; par-
ties leaving city. M0 Loboa st.. Ocean Vtew.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at J2 60: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free;
open evgs. until 10 o'clock, except Sundays.
Fine suitsT $7 BO: dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open t» 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open till 9 P- m. Sunday to noon.
j^ BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines "boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR SALE— A lot of very fine moving pic-
tures- same as new. Novelty Theater. Oak-
land, Cal.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery- McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
Al ENGINE. 16x30, slide valve, as good as
new; bargain. Postofflce box 2CS6. &¦ F.
SAFE — Price $50. Bell* Union Phonograph
Parlors. fc05 Kearny »t. ____
A FINE 4%-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth st. '
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-mlnute repeating
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth si.
PAIR 3-Uarat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth gt.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. «ale. rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Pest at.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;ba— i— locks,
metal beds.mattresses. J.F.Hotter,7li Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies. mo\lns
picture machines, aims. Bacigalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engine?, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter*: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mont'gy.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES'.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741, nr postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clcthtng a£i
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 48-1.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA A— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-602-60--J Examiner building.
Quirk settlements; v no disappointment.
Save expends by dealinz directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried pt-ople on their not*
without security or knowledge of employer:
lowest rates; best t?rms; quickest service anil
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and t?achers. The National Credit
Co.. r. f8-«) Donchoe bid.. 1170 Market .<*.
HIGHLY resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48
Market st.; tel. Main 1S44. Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people.' retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Pairott bids.
j _ __
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM ?1 TO J10.C00.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE rOU.^EY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gc!d. silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stone* bought
at W. J.'lIESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK,
1C08 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 7C9 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth ftoor. Chronicle bids;.
ZTo ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
V. TREMAIN, room SI. « Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonda and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank/ 53S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual fiv.Blt.M-I.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. VORRELL. W3 Examiner birtg.
~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ARE NOT THESE BARGAINS?
Sherman &. Hyde upright $117
Filsher «5
Singer 16.1
2 Steinways 9185 30>>
2 Chickerings 85 !5i>
2 Heines 237 3*5
Rents, $2 up, apply on purchase; Install-
ments. $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO., 2S5-237 Geary St.. larg-
est exclusive piano house of the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high class East-
ern manufacturers will be sold at actual cost
to save return of freight. 237 Geary si
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
YOU dc not take any chances when buying
from js. Our methods are well known to b«
open and above board. "Big bargains, not
big ads." Is our rule. All goods guaranteed
83 represented or no sale. Call and see laraa
assortment of ne— ' and used Instrument*.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ket st.
A FEW good bargains, from |C0 up. Including
such makes as Mason & Htnitln, Vose,
Sterling. Marshall & Wendell, Fischer. Kirk-
mann. Carlitt. Wes— , Peaae. Kohl#r A Chas*
and many others: easy payments. Benj. Cut.
taz & Son. 16 O'FarrolI; no branches In S. F.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any in-
strument for cash or Installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
6 CHASE. Established 1850. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson, Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwald.Agt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
RARE chance; cash or payments: elegant bUh
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright plane;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farre'.l.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceciltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. :3C8-C12 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
PIANOS AN P ORGAXS.
PART of our list of bargains In •ecoxt d-hand
planoa for September. W03:
OrtghuU-
Price. Now.
2 BARNES * SON—
Walnut cases, large size, colonial
style.' three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves,
equal to n«w $330 $275
1 EMEHSON-
Walnut case. cabinet grand,
carved panels. 7 1-3 octaves, three-
pedals in fine condition, slightly
used .'. «© zn
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand,
very latest desgin and finish, nearly
new 450 30O
1 SOHMER—
Mahogany case, medium size, full
swinging desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
new .500 3_j
1 WEBER — •
Rosewood case, fancy carved,
largest size. 7 1-3 octaves. In ex-
cellent condition km% qw>
1 BRADBURY—
Rosewood case, large size. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new i^ « M
1 BRADBURY— 3M
Red oak caae. cabinet grand.
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new *«#. ~_
Ccmpleta list furnished on application a»
our .tore. SHERMAN. CLXY t CO
r Comer Kearny and Sutte* its.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Con tin -ad.'
ISMAR. the Egyptian rypsy. clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, SI:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't »end currency. Send postofflce.
Wella-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, bom with a double veil and sec- [
ond 6lght; tells the paat. present and future;
ladles, 50c: tents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; SI 60. 128 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convlr.ee yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sUht; a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 50c; G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 2Sc up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium and palm-
lst: 1. g5c g. SOc: no sign. 413 Mason st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26 V4 Keansy. room 20; ladies 25c. gents oOc.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 448H JesBle st.. bet, 5th and 6th.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per get; extracting. SOc; gaa given.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set ;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set taeth $1 60 up; crowns $2 up: fllllnga S5c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. S5c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
' 10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free-
New York Dentist*. 900 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, 51 per year.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYEING AND CLEANING.
SEA bre«ies sweeten all garments, blankets,,
lace curtains, etc, done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day and evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue fr?e. 1295 Market, cor. Oth.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years; Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bjokkeppLng: typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the lading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer course In all depart-
ments: hanOson-.e catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $ rn); day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin St.
"A thorough school" ; positions secured for
graduau-E; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HINMANS Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
l^t»-e<>ii Pine and California: both ttdult and
childr^r's clause? are now of>en for the season.
THET-yceum, an accredited preparatory school
Icr the university, law and medical colleges;
rcf.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines & EIectricity,24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a, practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
j ENGINEERING— Civil, dec. min.. mech., sur-
vey, as?ay. cyanide; d^y. eve.: ost. 1R64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
I DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teuto-nlp. Hall, Howard
I St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
j GOLDEN Gate Com'I College. 530 Golden Gate
aw. ; full business course; day ana evening.
SCHOOL OF lUSCSTBATlON Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.: day or eve. ;?5mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
Chicago Iiusiness College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittma^i shorthand, typing, bookpg.. $S mo.
CAIIPKT BKATING AND CLEANING.
All'., compressed, dry, ice cold. Is now univer-*
fa.V.y used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: pi Ices mod-
crate. Apply S. F. COMPJIEf-'SED AIR
t'LEANINO CO., Call bid.; phone Main 5£t7.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
*end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-337 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison *t.. Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY KOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating:
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard .South 216
j ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUCOLI'H &. CO.. carpet-beating works; prices I
I reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlr.g Works,
| 333 Golrtm Gate sve. ; telephone East 126.
cmnoponisTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary^AU
ailments nf the fort cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BANGHART & WEYER. — -
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Et. Room 37.
j BAD trr.ants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5M0.
KMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
| GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
I Japanete-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes b'?.«t help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPI1EUM Employment Office — Japanesc-
Chlnewe lie! p. 12ti Powell. Tel. Main 8752.
A — GRAND Jaiuiiwse-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton; t«L Grant 1C«; expert, reliable hel^.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— IJest help at
Lccn t?<=uns'«. 411 Vi O'Karrell; tel. East 42b.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main r>lss.
CHINESE ani Japants; holp; eatab. 20 years.
Tel. Main tSO7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
I .. LM1 ' 1>IM J»«d.vr xvavi'kh — kkm.vll:.
A FRENCH cook, understanding French and
American cookir.g; also a young French sec-
end girl with beft of references, want work;
they most be seen in the offlce; wages ex-
pected. $35 and $25. Please call at MIS3
PLUNKETT'S. 41!5 Sutler St.. 'near Powell.
A RESPECTABLE middlt-as:ed woman from
the country wants situation as seamstress;
cuts and fits children's clothes; a good but-
tonhole maker and thoroughly understands
family sewing; will make herself useful.
Call from 10 to 3. room 21, 223 Powell st.
ELDERLY lady would like to assist In light
housework; small compensation; more for
home: temperate; is a good worker. Ad-
dress fi. A. W.. 101C Howard st., first floor.
ELDERLY German woman deeires position for
cooking and housework. HK> Valencia gt.
WOMAN wants to do day's work. Call or ad-
dress 023 Howard st.
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wants work by the
day. Address 1021 Sanchez st.
SWEDISH girl for general housework. Call S3
Eleventh st.
COMPETENT laundress wishes fancy work at
home: silks and satins a specialty. 1671
McAllister st.
AN ex-public school teacher desires position a« !
nursery governess, lady's companion or aman-
uensis. Address box 1277, Call offlce.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation for light
housework and plain cooking. Call 701 Bry-
ant Et. '
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT* WANTED — MALE.
BY a competent young man, a position as
clerk or all roend man In a general mer-
chandise country store; references. Box
4321. Call office.
SOBER, steady, married man, position as
' -watchman In city; good references. G. A., 30
McAllister et. .
GERMAN, -sober, reliable, wants position as
coachman "or care for horses; can milk; city
or country. Box 1297, Call office.;
A MIDDLE-AGED Swede wants work In a
warehouse or lumber yard, or any kind : not
afraid of hard work. Box 1290, Cajl office.
There's a templing array of good places each day
In this paper's Want Ads and at wages that pay,
So don't worry or fret, for a fine Job you'll get
If you look o'er our ads— none hav e ever failed yet.•p-PAT. ESTATE TBA2TSACTIO:rS.
Ccntiiitied Fran Page Zlsres.
FETDAT. SSPTE3C3EE . Vi. . . . -
Xsia X- Stxxcrty to- Abbte E. Massrty. j-a- f
diTl<i«<i 1-* cf let on. X •Cse.oC Halsit street, f
127;(5 W «rf GousX W 27^S ty'X lt»; Jl.>.
- S«c!ti* H*rxf <Lier ta Carr"* Vaa Vliet. lot !
« S to cT Van. street, ST:* E of. Baciasas. I
E 3 J7 S H2:«: *Mt _
JsTtaa Has* iixss. cartyj. itlsa Ilass iseccad I
party* as<I Jali=» A. Kaax » tairi f arty f t£» f
J:xlrx3. tf:-^ aail Ju!i3» A- Eioj; ax qq s)
jj-«. of Sagra nantj street. 57 r« E cf Locsst. |
E 2S fey 5 . 1W; al«r diTUIiss- prop«erty. ««c& t
party ccaTtrs t» *»£&¦ etlwr aa csdrrtdaJ l-a 1
la, above prac«rtT: li.
.VTaHare asd Axses B. E=*df>;rf aad Ad*Ua I
T. a=«2 Aarsn. Scaiisa. £¦> L*wis L CffwrEU.- Jot !
ca "W rise- of ITi^t* : street. I«^ S of VTast- f
ttBTMti S 3ztA "ST 4T^v X S.JST .lat^X «:« -t.W L
EE 7*; *13l ' ' ' f
Wallace _asd Asses B." EtwSfari t» Adelia, |
T 5cilo«3 twC« cf Air»>. let ca X li=e «f
cut cskiL ii vr or Mast^ w ;:•> by- S
' WSLaiia j"a3'-i Hirtx B. Borramiaj ta J:a«7&
K_ Ewraar'n. i:t -:a SS !i=* c< Himrrt
l-<? -"ite of TSirte-cOr It Jk aver K=e> *tt<I w^->i-. I rj
I» SWF SC VW It): »1.
jcsesls H. B;rr=aaa t^> TTCXixa J. *&i
ltar-Jk B^ E.:rrr:.T.rn. sasi*: ft. '"".2:
Tt*re-« K Bro«:i» t* ITary A- Nelaca. tet
ca X Cn- 5(HS mtf; Z»:ll E cf SaucSa*.
E 3Oin ty rc 11*: *J*
c* H^ scrwr.. m:l» B of S*act«. E SJ^U
Ksae Ftr» aai Harts.* Iratmar* Crtsp^— 7
t> A!i«rt U*i=*r. lot ca X! -* J; f J T . i=: ?:
1I F ; r»=3t < "l£»h£iti to Esii^a .\- & Pfsefei.. fcrc
en CTT cscstZT of BroaiTrij- tar! 3Ii«ca sir-eet*.
W LTT * *T S TT.-J; *!»> • tat en X U=e of
13T.S- lie: : ' ; ¦'-' -'- „ __
- Aston** BL SXcCrwrr » L *^Pl* '?' :C T ! n T '
sce S31T W SJ: *!*• _ „_ . __
Shba DJaacatJ t> Vtrjr E. G»t>. Lj« on S^T
Us* of Su=*r strict. 2S»> £S Hj-Jnirri. SH t5
¦'EU«3 A. MBifCieaFi S. TO; O J FruA
EiH H m 8 E=* SEsth i»«5e. 125 S Cf
£aii S 23 t T E t»: «1».
Jofia C «o« Ascse M. S;e=cer t> A3r» K.
Eeetrr {wife Xj.rias>. lot en 'W E=» PTfta«Kli
aveaiii? ICO S of Cfesant str«et. S =3 fcr 'W
tea- Jto
vftEIam K- *=«J Gz*r« Lcwrr to DccaSl
\f-.»»»fTifj lot cn ?TW «crB*r ttf S*Tecai *re-
BWOd ?A- rtrtsrt. X ie«> br W 33.4; nft.
EiJwvI Kartfcti* tt» Otsa GiraiswKT. Bat
._ eorafer of Sfcsccw i»l t=st!a.str-'«3. S
13«» &T "W l'»- *"«• *- fc^ 4 •"!. Ss=«l3icr Krcirt-
SjU,, ti> SIS? t»C CC A« CCTMT Cf Er=S»
•»ici *=d tJtTJTett* straet*. W13trX 1C«1«.
lot 33 W«»t Rntt Hjc:««t«ii; JI9
««ni» to »ar»» fist ©c " E tia* rrrrn-t sthtmc
TCty <rw" eCrer artcw- 5S 1<» fcT XE ICOt
iota 5s 17 39 «»* 3S. Hecrr "a«TalI«*« part cf
airer "terrace: ai»> lit ce S Ca« «f F^nrr;^
street. 4Ct>.SE SEtrer *Tesa«f. SS 3«>.lrr XE
ICft. lets 33 *E | 2 S*. tstsufz RQ.
Ettaieti K*rr to Jtxrjarta KeTrfaa. fat
ca 5W Ca* of Effir*=£* street. »-t N^V Prc*
cect *T^iai* \TT 2S.-S &T 5"S" I*, let* lil tc
%ah*oc tot ta. cemetery; $«>.
• 0<M "r»Il«arrf" Ceraswrx Aaaociatiraa t» E.
PACTFIC STOCK UXCHAXGS.
T&e OEttowtPME * « r? t :-.< aaUs> Is ti» FaetSe
Stscat Ex;2iass« yesterday:
M.-yr{sr S«a»Jcst
»> E*!e=-r ... 2» I 2tx> &iua « C. 5O
Ki> Cha2=#« Cs IS ! 2» Saraar* 2»
Jt'.i* CfccOar 2» : &V i-j Be!*rft«r 1*
2» C C Jk Va-.l » : 2r» Stlr«r K2. «T
rr*> Cs= X T-jtSc I> * *.¦<> V^cn. CSai. •»,.
Aftersoon SesaSco.
ic*> Cal*2e=ia . W I 2r*> Or-r=aa .. 23
5»CCiri..II3 -. 2d> 5a.TZ2% 2»
2t«> Cr^rs Ptist 14 j ld*> Stsrrx Xer. «
3»>* CiSid * C. »> • f 2:» fata* Caa. CS
Z.V* Kexicas ...1 OC^ir
TOXOPAH 3EDCECG-E3CCHAXG2L
Tb* fsE.y1ris.3- w*r» ti* saies ta tie T :=<:;. is
Tf^'^T Exssascs y»aterd»y:
itsrsiss SMsisa.
«»» E^Terasxa . fit | U STsec T;s. . SS .
3» iIa^:Ni=Ar» 17 § lt» P*_ae Grwe. 57
Zi«v Vr-v.T»n 14 F 75 Rears* I*
+» 5Ca?8i 3S | 3C»> T=a A Ca!. 2»
T.iy> EBT^rassa. . 6C - ?» Ptre <3ro»» - «>
1C«> Eai» Cjc... SO ; 1O> Toe Jk Cal. 2T
2Si> G^y Q^a«a 2* V«> Too X Star *.!
I0»» Vr'->-'*' 17 y*> T«a X Star 4*
- =!•¦«» i£*e>:*=iara 1<» I 3T*> Taa X Star 43
3«* Metct Tea.". SO -ls»a> Ciut*4 Ton. 13
1«O Psae GroT*. £> •
CLCSdG Qr0TA7I0?TH.
FHTDAT. S*5C 13— 3:30 P. 3t
a- r-i . is i-«:r-a.ir "Waii — ?»
Alsa « «S M<3Ccz&aua 1 X*X13
AI?!ta CS CXOceSficsa: .. 33 2»
BaUisa e* «BlCpSiT X *» I *»
Ca!<-lt:sia ... VS #»'Or«r=aa .--- 23 27
CtaII«i» .... S K?Pc«al - 23 3*
Cicilar 24 SSa**** .. 23 29
C N<-» Tartt. 1* l^^ts E«iisey . U Q
C?^«""p^lstl Ti li J;*rr» N<ri*II CS, «T
r^tiserrser .. K 14 5i>w E=3 .. «T O
E3r»i*C33 . ?> K(i: I«S» .:~ — IS
t«rs^l jc CUT. Z> ** JJITHIt a— J .... — B^
Hi:* 4 Xs . M 5KY*fiiw Jart. « »
r=y-r^: e* «a*r=aca cs <•
ik«st3ck ' c; «*
-TOXOVAH sm.-23L
CafcAxs — . 23 Ptor Grrre ., » --
yv«-^--Ti ... C *3 IUscs* CS I»
Cfc»y <J=«a- — ».Tan Brt=seit-' — 1 »
«iail it -.-: . — 1* T A CaJ -23 - »
Lou^y x*~»r > - — i'- v T-'aapai X*» — - 5 *•
-v»— *•-%. . ii l*,?da J» £tar . -O. 4»
jtir^ii y^r-»-» — SSjToa MldTray. «X «S
y~- Tsx ... » SSTaa A S Lais — 43
X T Tsa -..- — l«Csarf T» . U —
Pajnaata- ..19 l^
Goc«» «;=23 pecs a»i erTt=»; r*rwt2«r»
are stia c*?e Ea Es?Il3!s' U'sr courts «=d
tie Kccse c* Loris a=«S ts tic Frtaca
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Eartjcfeck* as<2 0!ja. P. GtrzikTraiT. Ix la t
eesaetery: HZd.
Builders* Ccnrracts.
t^iais Sclsaits ls»3et wtti Fr-rt US«r f=ea- I
tracs^r^. arcSitect. T. Fmterrca Ecsb — A3 »utfc f
exreyt sasteia. tiltsy. tu sxtsres. fisi»a Sari- t
wa«. sttssStss as-i paistlsy f:r a r»o-«tsry [
asd fcaj«2«st tm:<i tir.iii.r.g >tx.iA> ca S lis* t
Gf Pierce street. 1C0 N" cf Csics. S3)tjEj
Ey tlie use of Uqn«fl««i g3t3es exrr»=:etT j
lew tersp«5ratt^^». t= the s«IxsVx-!ico2 c* |
ZS2 desT?<»3 Fa£r«2£eit belaw z -.: : . caa j
eaafly te obtained.
_ - ¦ ? ¦
TH£ SA5 FBANCISCO CAU* SATUBDAY, SEPTEMBER 19. 1903;
13
ea«
Refle^tloa*
of the
Boaaaxa - -trsv
rrl»o 1 '.
Clrdle of zt»Id
Aroiad tae> w«rtd.
By Thoaws Kttca.
T**s Sitv*r-to«s^»^* Oratatr,"
PSexisi ia
Veit iaaday^i CaO.
PEaSQ^AU. I
a— faci>x Ei.rry.np.E^ fixiio\"Er>-
">"j:Jfcier. yeii- . w Jjii Sitiy «-*'". -< — " — i-<r«
•n:illiv» pitriss* aad scars scieit^cal^T r*-
¦.-. tiact * art: re isaaaac ei KTtrlcity or
raters**; sptctal e«s*esstratice* ti^i w^Ut
- t.: :r wrttt Dr. "U fflUiAVi. 3TI G-arj.
- v^ — R^4i«-i fcr tse =ocii cs_"7. Sc=*
r ft;:* 1 .!! ttar yen eas as y^^r awa [
¦— *- -v=.->Tir< wriaki«a, tas. LetxiUI. :<a.»- I
. ~ x *iii oar »"¦* sEsoetS" t; be v « - c— T s^ \
-r» eS«. O»U cr wrtt* It fT T * EARS:?, i
• '•- OTarrefl st. »
Star Ksjr P^=eiy re«t;risi rray iair. &s- ?
jr »<•* r.« rr wt.*.i-cr« f-%:r.x.^r— •_x^i'n5 .
*•-¦! tr-T'ra: seals: zja staia cr sti:iiiea« : ¦
rrfl^si» »c*^P : at dr-ixr^^ts . i ilrtr— «»— » :ae- j
<-»;t r-. -<i:sr2T=Ti- Star Bee«^iyC7- 2s3-i*4ry. j
CT tew caeip. tut tiw -j ta* avKS> et 1
'i* sasifactsnrs cf rs* Cxs^i P-=tiry i
t: *siir^. ti* »ewis«-=a=siae cr xz-£jlj. J. 1
'»»'¦ EVAN'S, arest. ia v^ht- «t.
• tiiTEtCIA-S. li j'arr sasxztsaea. 'rir»a p*r-
=»>«» Bsorsteac, c->^ise sastt. C«I1 cr }
¦*2S" Cer - tri^ Fiar=acy. 221 Grass are, |
HH'>l'*»»e« rr- ¦¦'-» a=ii 4— ir=Z di»- •
«*s»s DRartiTe^* eared ty TTC^w Bark Ov. '
?"^t tt. : ee=«s:t»ncs free; »*" ar rr.tt ¦
F-E3IOVaI^-2R. \T. C. ET2ATTO3I its re- •
ccn><; kai cfi^e «T3 2i^5 aiisstia st. ta :
r^g^ ;T3 xrjt ST4. Parr^tt tMg .2=yr^sj. j
HA1RT F^S£ING ts aZ tr»scs«s ti^rit: » f=r j
2 w-#kj. C;-to-r:*t* Eairi.-?sa.sa; Pariax
" l^y Itt.-t't st.. r:<:= 1. -;«tsurs- i
IiA>"CING T:?<ij, T^ir^l^.7. 5ir^-ijty isi 1
Scr-dar «-rec_=cs at Tert^fL^a Hali. _H:-war-i
AT !*•¦ liar cc«t cr..:ai:->i f:r r^iti. cr-r-xats !
s = i trje-^m. at <~HAP^Z3 LT0.VJ, I«'~'' l JS •
. Tsil.tr. T2I Market st. 1
fJI f<t»r ;r.r^ ;c;l frr ji-i^a' er ricta' ,'
ca «r -e* c^jtiiaK ir-i a^ articid <rf ¦raC^e tl j
T~r ~iTAyT sslts cs easy •-¦«*¦« "—!»*•-«- 10 csats '
ssi cs per r?»i. LXOr: LE31O3. HIT :
atxrket st^ twtwics £<tt»s*^ asf Exi'—
tiHKz: u JjCx cxotaxit a :.*-«» ioa- en. i
Call cfice. j
(T.ii.:-JT."Crs v^-~ izii eseiea it— u»id ir ;
• electn: a*ei:«. Ilf.fcaij-i.TrkTer^e.ur> Vrrt. ;
?r?.;:::; t=rrr=*r: n. haej?^3. 40 n:.s st^
TITZ i*»t pjac* -a bear f-«d 1 —^>j~ila3 r* ¦
iare tseri cc^ered cr repaired ts 123 Stseittcn.
A 1 11 *tj «J *^^—i»«y** y : (Ticii "*" & ~r~
csj-ier. 25c O. !.»-.rp.TTt St. i
T>rL»:?— HaTIS Bsfli IT »: cr«a £*=--! QSC ,
lfj-t C .-— rLj rvcr. x^i ---? c'~ ,
XiASviTTP vr ? Jti=<r*. ; ay torics. •r-jr*.
cc«=s=ry crl-rs OOt_I^TEI>" ft CO- iitx ;
ilTrJiryj ESTPtits Kesra rert^res r-vj
tai- *r trs satsra. .- :- $1; at all in*T-str.
EstyerSrscTLa !iatr aad =^'^s -_'. 1 cd w^ti ejec-
•j-.t =~-t;« li-. A V t» Xat^a. Ill* »m*r.
PALfilJTHT. ,
rit pl^s Tf3.ll=jt3~rL *Br=ri 11 *3 12 asd
'• '-- '. ¦*•.* T-escay ¦»»»"*~g~« 13 F;«s st
Ttr'-cr r: . s«ar I-earr-. PiJ=* "'^acii S-H.
PHisiciAXS aad srnuEOsa.
EH. O C CrrOXNEI-L. — Of2ce asi reaiiesce,
1CS.*b a^aritgt gt.. Set- £xtil aad Serea^a.
VZ^C»yz>. tkis ar-I reirrjj j-j««jri a specialty.
P.»:J. l.~^ itirScet st.
treats ail i_*ess«* ef ti* ft=r-an t»iy; f=r
past frcr rears at iii-ilT JCaecs: s»:w Lo-
a cxte4 a-t €r.T O«sa f il. sear Lea.»e=r»crlS.
DSL TGNO FO CHT. sr=.c«?eascr ta Dr. U Pm
Tai. ier S iacssei ¦- '-res ali lljeajea cf >— *-«^
ty us* if r-rtsi jls I t*ts. TTT TT«i?"-f — r st.
:- TTO«*>. tl» fiisca h^rb dictor— AC dis-
• 3jj»« — a-~i *ry Cii=.-^e iert»«. T4<-S iT^.y st.
• ROOKS FOa UOC«£K££J>Ua
A COZT 3-t-JCts a?«rt=Lest; SCO =?; fr«e set
Satis; eiectrv; lirsn: call to-day. Esi^ker-
vxjlsc jLZ*rzz*siZ3. V*~> ?*ji-s st.. sear Hji*.
•tcc ajar*"n*TTs: fsr. cr c-r^r. tsc iiipc.
~ri_l_ Z_> — ~Ziii£a=L-—7 r-imafce-i «=.o« f:r
~rTH. 4CS — S^Lf** rxci SI ;er "r*«i; ioca*-
Pigg'^v 11C4, ccr. 3*we=ti — Kicely i^r-
?TT~rZS.T 'Tiei — esssy apartsicsts fcr j
fifloeu«iXtf; ros "tt; tas oe«tj Ebs> i
-iSivL :x :.q k.
J - '. ~. 1-. :S ?trj», sear ?:»«: — 3 r~. *¦:—'«>«» '.
LsG**'*eepiss; r'«-!=.»: Sit; JIT.
OjlK. 1IT — X.stlT r-r=.iai*d snire ; jxs " n=«e. •
act tats. AT"ir-y: ais^s; 12 t3 a w*ei.
P*:>eT, 1SS— Is tasScta Ctt, 2-:; rccr^, i-^se-
k-eptsj yciTliesrw. fr-ss $13 C5-
ST. .* * fs ?y. SliAmst-r ajii Tj — :- v p-^r-
risireJ «— y BBtt*. artck k^i-^ BBaaaf
szxtcses.* y*^ rxsaje * *^j wf-'.^rf - -j* i.~-?i*a5—
tiep^^". «15 -p.
r-i;siji (1 \, it. ;er w««; ;i.t<;
A S^jOCCH cJSce. fa- Call ai-gertijg— ;e- 1* asi
. *atiarrtjrii-Tat. Sas teea eatiii^sSi-i at 12M
Va--^rLa. st.
UoOKs TO LETT— Psrs. and Cslara.
A— ES-SJ N s^V ICS Ertae. Its S^ni — Eocisa
2^; to II ;«w sifit. SI 23 ts (i per we** asi
; : -. Sc=aeieepii«T r>in2 . cct=. ' a^: rijhr
JLT XiH AJrvcse." <H3 ataxjtst st. %-r r.";. 1
st. •— Fio>Jt=a, 25c. *X. ft 5<i -^fit;
Jl 5«> t.3 CO weei; sees* cpes 3^1 sijsi.
E'-"E^r=rrT. :cs i^tri.'-.— .-:i sc« tao- lfta»
Stated rxszs. s^ite. g^^le ; al*> cs^srsUs-d.
CUTFPED, 2:H ETH's. c-^r. Values — Sleg-i.rtJy'
f-:rT_si*d r^stj r-acias: pr-.-«ta .¦?lacrayA
S2GH7H. 10"-; — H*T-wt=^ijw KboC ncta fsr
f»— •'¦¦*•*— t; asd wife cr tws g-» * - '>r»*
::_iv: i.:utr«~. TOi a=d ll^s-cs— ?>:=a Me
ta *1 :¦¦ r.-^rr: ; J^ ta S3 swi: reaiiSff-rj'-Xi.
ECCEL C2ATSTCNS.
«S Geary st: ctso« E=ah. SSQ.
Cer=S-ilIy iecatsi Cr-?r-r>:f fcaHii eie«*stly
fsrsi'ied s^-tes. wui tatis asd sissies.
¦TES-iZE. :•-. tiJt cf U. S. ir.s:— r^r=lsi&;
r?cc^. t3 p»r =;csxi; f:r 2. Jl ;
rta*;cai;*: central; trivai* rini.r.
I^»F.srr». S«* — *-rr.z7 rjrjrU tavck r:c=i; s-^tii-
t> f :r jestl«SAS; S per 7in-?>
?r:?."TK: I12 — I *;r*t* sussy rocc; rest reo*:s-
ofsces: eieTratcr; «jee. Urass: dar. w^eeis, rsj.
r*a iir~f -rscc. estciisj-ro-isi asi ladies' jar-
Icr: rscsis c*r siast, S3c t» 11 50; weei. 12
ta 8S; g.-rerta. S» ta O: ei«Tat=r cb. rrcnsd
fyy; T* «-<*•« with, ict asi ccii water; fc*r w *
CT. JA2IES. KtATiater aai T^g-T~* — JTr^rt
•crjry r^»T— s; ail cew; Tnery ciaap; teiepiic*
Fag* em.
TTTTiS. I21S— FSrsiasgd. ¦-if^rslsied asi
hcsscaYepiss; r.i-S^.
VXTTHTA STATES. 123 Siiy st.. rear Stark-t —
4J<> *tssle asi fanity i-xxsa; C3c to $1 =_jrSt;
fl 73 ta S3 weeJt; eJeraicr; ei-ctio: l^i-j;
reiiisy-rtcsa : ire* fr=» asd ta*rai«.
"WTN'rHESTEra BflCaV 44 3d st.. BKST aiark»t—
3£:i«t «i.-aTe-i*st asj resiectiSie; TOO rvrss;
2Se t> SI 50 sifit: 12 t> H week: *!eT*ror;
«I«<^ ns^tts: readr=*-rrx?c=: fr^e *a=i. tajrrofe.
.» ?HaVCH rfi^e Tzr fXl a-I » ei LiJeaseats aad
¦aaa :. rt iia Se*s escaiiljte-i it l<:©<!
:.¦;¦:* Oi' BOARD.
S^~^^I5N~aiIas^=. S«7 CCifcraia st. — At-
g trs-ctiT* asd starStTy twsa; beat tali* aad
mtL m.t ; to west ratgg-
VX5 XZ^= are.. ir:t— Prfrrte tcard-=c-cccse.
f^— » etc, rr«rytiisy Srst eixss; sassy
«-!£«*: s^jjI* ttc=s: esct^e foca£ty: r»l.
I3OART> csd Icdy^s^ ts prixxte fa.-rfTy; sns=y
fr-.nt Terras- iZZl ?J"tr st.
*" OR4CK AVI» tt^BEHOCflES.
A— E3CPOHrrU Et^nur- * V12C1: r=r r it^?-
. "taas»tc;i ?»ds Bterrf. t=sred. silrped. 725-
nj Ecwari St.. sear TSird; phase Urast 1O.
rrETJTE-H.Or>fjl^ > H Stcrace * 3S-*riay Co.. cf-
«y-» Peer ini Poweil sts.; BBL PrtT. Ex. -71.
"il»e. 2S~O^es Cat/Vve-: ficg* East 121
-r.tX-OT tr«t EwtiT: a;fras=es t=iii; >4J
aCiasics st. ; teL Haeiri »4I- f- Z^if^»»
Pji«-TFIC 5tjsr»*^ a=.-J Far=ir=r» 3I-5«tST Co«=-
yaay. t*"^') yr— /n-» aVJ pfeooe Jicisue 2S1.
'"ErCINS Vas asi Storage Co.. II ai?ttrs=ery
st.7 uL 3£ais 1H^. £si;;isir at'est rs.:^g.
~raOFO?Al-S.
t.-N F-RJUS CISCO. CaU As*-ist 22. ISiSL —
cemle* • mccaala. la tri»ij<e»te. wd t» r*-
ce^Tix! i*re =til U o'doea a. is.. S«pt*=i«r
22 li*'^ asd ties ageacd for isnsstisj as«*
*rectisy a 5fl.<3d» piUca tasie ca 50-£oet rts-
•> «r^ f«r rrasa»tsr «sd re-enens* »
Z0.CCO call-to task, at E«=i«=a Eimtiu.
<-^r GcKtrcsxaz i'**-**-* rix*s ta niecx
cr accec* aTtr or an bids to wsci* cr ta.
tart. lafrraatiea f=r=i*ted 0= AppEcatiCti
ti C. A. DEVOI* C^rtfinsastex, Ciief Q- at |
BBaMaiAa aiiii iiiiii i mil !*¦»»¦ w tim, ¦¦^¦——Mi^SrflMgft nWtfhahflWBIMl
tad Soott itrsets; wiar* a r«qr!«a . fei»a
; C3*s wt2. te ceJeirxtsd far tie reyese cf his
ax l&.c'cisck. Istcrsaast H=Iy Crass
Ce=t*t*ry.
' IGXATXAS OrrscC JCa^ 33. T. 31. L— SEeci-
bers are t«rety reqaestei ta asaessils at tie
cease c£ ssocrsis* ta attead the trseral cf
ear Ute fcrcts«r. Jess J. FarrtO. Per crier
IL J. cinpnTj PranSisst.
e I^. E3JTEB. Secretarr.
> FEA>* — Is tiis city. S*rt«ai«r 15. 1303*, KJIA
EL Feas. a satire ef £ssx Frasciacav azsi 22*
rears.
; EOFKTSS— Is tsrs city. SeptaeSer t3, 13CC
at ii* restlfiice cf the Barests. 28 Aliert
las*. AITrei Benarf. beloved sob. of W125a»
B. asi A"^>-» C=a-lro E.:riiss. *^ broefcer
<rf May. rjrrte. "WTSIie ssd. Hazel Eocfctss as<I
El=*r aai Astra Csadro. a eatrre cf Sas
Frasdsca. asei 4 years 2 cacsis »^>ff 9 days.
¦ EDvTELL— Ettsred tst» rest. Se^tasaS*? I(t
13»a. Bt»s J. EnreH Jr^ daariy ftelOT^rf
tssiaai erf Oassle- Ho«r»a. ociy son of Swxa
[ J. asi LitrtJa Eo^reO. ani broticr c< a— t^
Eowell- asd 3Crs. T.rnl* I- Drrrare. a, ea-
tirt cf Scrwr.rrTn. Psu~ a^sti 23 years 3 — «g»fTt
asd 15 days. A sw.i«r c< LfcessesT* Csfcc. I
Lccal BBa. 1H. *z£ Cocrt CafrrrhU Xa. K,
A. (i F cf A.
CyFrtasiI* asi aersaSstasces ar« respect- :
ra2y tsruei ta attend tfce fsaecC ta-iay ,
t=at3niay). at 1 e'lisci. frata fcta lats res*- !
teac*. 2 Sisi5«co. piii». oC Ftrst street. b*>
' tweea Harrts<ni asd Eryast. Ister=esr iCscst i
OCret Cesi*»ry.
ErsSO^T— Is tsts cfty. Septassber IT. 13G3,
ST«t, dearie telared wtfe eS Ettward Bsr-
scn. toTts« aw S*r sS Startla E,. Jaaa B_
Eafcert J- asd Tfeoaia* P. Esrsca. Xrs.
«Tiaisas Z«=«scs asd airs. J.uses JCiOoc-
ald. aad d«arty beloved ststar cf Jtrs. aiary !
D«iaa. a sa-tiv* cf tlaa rartss ef Carrafis, j
CcnstT Cilw»y r Irelasd. a««d ZA rexrs 4 I
racrrhs asd IS days.
Cry-tenOs rnsxi actpialstaooesi ar» resjiect-
f=^y tsvttei fc> attesd t!*e fcseral to^txr <
t£anriayh *t 9^30- o'cleck. ttoxs her lats
resSdscca. 34*-i RtsyHi street. tNtre* ts St.
Jcsejs's CssrcS. ws«r» a scieaa t«c^sieai
wift ia be ee!ebr*t*d Car ti* repoa* c* her
sect. c:~rz-tr^:~£ at 14 c r ciocSc T^«i ..¦^rr»
Eoly Cnsa Cesietery.
JOEXSC-?T— Is Sas Bofaal. Septataber 1?. 13C3.
ilrs. Eaisa. G. Jctsscts. wtf* oc Gt* lats A.
J. Jofcssca. asi isctlMr <rf ICxs-i. As«^ata. '
Fred. llay r Asgrist asi AiUpfc Jofcasoe. a !
satr»»-.oc' oweden. aared 5+ years i saastss S
asi 1? days.
ETFrienia a=i act^iaiatascea ar» respect-
felly fc.irtte.1 ta attesd tie fsserx: Saiilay.
Septetsier S> *t 2 oV^srar.- frco. ter lats j
residescs. ICS E^w strset. Isiertsest 3Xacst I
JUZIX—Zz. tsis cit7, Septetsier 15, 13C8. Leo- i
pcli. betarei sea ct th* • !at* L^trcli -~-1
Lccisa. Joan, aai fcrctier cr Val*ry. Kecry
asd Locis JnSLx, Its. G. Cress asi airs. J.
?. Ccc&sy. a sattrs cf Saa Fn-rtaca, ajtd
Sii years & ccsris asd IS days.
CTFiiasiis zzd actjeaistasces ar» rw^ect-
faiiy tsTttei ta axtesi .ti* fsseral Essiay.
a Se;teccSer ¦». 13>X1. at 1 if clack, trim. il>
late- residence. 22SVj Eicsti street, trter-
sact StJBSt Oliret Ce=i*tery.
KSlATIXe^Is tsis dty. EeTtesber 1.% 13C3,
Mirj Jeas, wtra si ti* Lit* DessU Seattij-.
asi isctier cf Jobs J. asd ts* Ut* ltssi<s
asi Decsls Xeatis*. a sattre ci ¦ Ireixsi.
agei 65 years. [ -
CTTse Cuceral wilT txiM place ta-iacM. ;j*m j
C5as<iay>. as »:1- o'cloci. fc-jo tar lit* rs»S- i
d*sce-.-1321 Xitctsa. street, tiesae ta SC
Cliarles Borrcneo's Csursi for serrlccs as f
3:43 o*doci. Izterrsest Ecly Crsn Cess*- '¦
t*ry.
EE3iH— Is tiia ciry. Se?t«sber IS. 1303. ACot
Msi-iella, teicT*; .Jajixiter cf Ec6«rt Gecrre 1
ar:d Vit"** K.err. ascl sister ot "STiniaxa r
Frxscia asi ITiry 3Hlsai«ti Serr. a saifr» i
cf Sas FrascUco, a?»l I y*ar 8 acttia asii ;'
14 days.
C7 Friends asd acy"if~i*"i-«8i ir» respect- j
fany tsvttad ta attsci tie fssaral to-ccrrmr .
»Saa.t^jr>. at 1 o"cloo£. fraea tie pare: ita* j
residence. +Z3- Ct«a*n.tiaa> street. T"resagqt I
E^Iy Cress Cersetery.
3fcLAKZ— Is tsis d-7. S«pt«=:5er is, 13C3. '
Jasiesi D^ t«ior«d sas ci Cur: is 1^ Cats- j
eris* ITcLas*. asi fcr:ti«r cf Csarlss A. '
Frasi. Prafer. Citierise. Ecae asi tie lata !
E^rt^ri F. 3g.-r*r;e. a aattre of Fras- \
claco. " ~
CFFrteais asi ajqiaistasces are respect- \
fsSiy ts-rtrsd ta ac«id tie fSseral ta-iiT '
(Sairsrda7>. at 3:-t5 o'cIccX frca ti, laxa !
r»sii>sce. 222» St*i=«r street. ti*so» to St. i
r^jdislc's Church, wiers a re>;-xlesi aijit ;
Class wCI t* cel«6rat£d for tie repc»e cf fell j
mi, ecci=ieTLCi=« at 13 o'doci. laterieti*
Erty Crc«s Cc=iet«r7-.
MOEE- Is CVa-h. Se^tinter IT. 13C3. J. Essryi
afctr. d*arlT 6ei;v»ii isaiasd oi A& iToir
fiti«r c* Artisr llrir. ace cf Hts/h. aI '
Staffers, asi brotiar cf Csarl«s it^tr asd ;
Sirs. Ivjcis* TTUt. a saiira cf Sas. Frascts-ar. :
ared» year* a=i Vi =icct2Ls.
*-J~ * rtecai* aid aoyxara ra rvres are r«sr«ct- '
faliy Esvttei ta aiteci tie ricerxl ta-aoti-jw '¦
'3usdxy>. it 1:« «"cIc<Jc fr^ts tis Ui« rest- '
taK*, SSOi Laritls str-et. ttesc* o Xr.*7» ;
Scss' PiTI. 414 Ui^rt street, wser* servtcea \
•Hi t« tell csier tie assiJtces ct Xiricnii ,
Parlor, codatenciay »t 2:3O o'clock. later- '
n«K L (X O. F. Ouaetdry. Pteas» «ait !
0H2T— Is tsis dty. Se^tesiier IS. 1300, Znnts '
Oiss. teijTsd hastasi at Csristts* Otsi. i
fitier ci Mrs. ¦ O. Etaertss;. itrs. R. lt«r- '
tiss. atrs. E. E*rr?sa.ssd WiXa=» F. Otra. ¦
as.i fcrcti-r of Ctarles OBSak a nasfr* of •
Prusala. Ccraay. assi S3 years tl T»-rifffv T r
a3*il5 days.
ff^Friesiis asi. acrr=a:=tasce« ir» reapect-
fsUy ts-nted L> attssd ti* fsssrol Scsdar.
Sepcri" 'tier 2?. at 1:30 Vc&jca. fr^ni sis Iat*|
rwiiisce. C3*-j Laytirs str~?t, t*tw*»a ;
El^itaecti asi Xtset*ests, VtZarieia. aad \
Guerrero. "¦'"¦¦'"¦I 3i ocst OtiT«t Ce=etery J
ty carrtis*.
PE.E3-CQTT— Ls. tiia city. Sestmn^r 15. 13CT. I
Tsruiiaai A-. befcTwi scs cf c *^--'f »-,^ IJcttI* ;
Firesccti. bntier of G^cnrt. iriiri«. Essr7 '
aad IX.1- ! • Prwcctt. asi itepfcrcti«r cf j
G*cr?«. Jcs;*?!!.- asd TTIsieid Eai^r. a aatlTi» '
cf Eslesi. Hist.. ar»i Z3. ?»ars and T ;
dontisv
CTFrie&ia a=d agtiTrafT-art-es are respect- j
fally i2.Trite<i -ta attain! tie runerol to-tnuiTow I
t.5csia7K at »US> o"crocit. rr:is ti* partsrs ,
et ts* Tsitai UaiirtaksT*. SSS Uiaaics-strset. j
»!«• serrfces wtu te tali Isterssrtj
Lasrel Eia CetseterT-
; EOWAX-I3 tii» ctty. Sept*=b«r 1^ 13C.X I
Peter Sinris, t«£c-»*d bestiwr cf J-awut as.1
• Itiry Riwaa. Mrs. G. C- Terrill aa«i \trs. 1
I-- Stac«. a catire cf Ccttscy iLxj :. Ir»- ,
!asi. a«»<l 3J> years. A nesiier ef Pr^s-
r«rL:y Lctps No. 3C3. A. O. L*. W^, asd j
Court Eclite« N*0v I*. A. O. F- cf A.
C^FrKEiis xnd a«iiuttstar:Ge3 ar* rssyect- 1
filly tsTit*! to> attend tie f:i=erxl r>-iay I
C=at3rday>. at si o'cleck fr^ct tie carters oi [
3ic5"ail<i«2. MtrBrearty A Grwa. IIT1 Itia- j
stcc street, ticsce tj St. "^ isc»=t d* PaaTs I
Chsrci. ccrser StTtser asrt Grtes streets, j
irated f:r tie rejese cf his srcl it » ycJcci ;
Ist?metit K:ly Cress Ce=eti»ry.
FROSPfjaiTT I/toXa 3C9, A. O. tT. ¦ST.:'
OCScers ami d*t=.5*?r3. yc«x are re-ri^atsrl t.> I
att»nl ti* I=enl of ccr lit* tr->tir*r. Pet*r ;
P-:wa.a. t-j-iay tSa-tsriiy). a: ,« o'clcci. fresi ¦
ti» csiurtakisar cartors of MiFa.iiS!s. H:- ¦
Ersarty & Grees. Iltl ILaslcn. sir*et.
J. F. SXTLLXVAN. 3J. -HT
R. H. ir^PEESSOX. P^ecttnfer.
TVTA1CLET — la cfty. S*pt»niter 1^. I3CJ. !
Jfnrte, reH*rt of Riciarti Ta an all jl aad te- '
kTrei cctier cf "STUlIasi R. Twissi^y .t-»,f ,
airs. JJiry ITcCcrtaiek. a Battra cf Casaia. ;
TrtTATSON— la tie City as.i Oaisty Hispttal. •
a*5t(>n:ter 15. I3«5«. Dasiet 'Witscai. a satiTe
cf 'r:i.-.i ;.u aged 2S years.
XVALXEK — la OaiTosd. S*rte=.ier IS. 130TX '
iTr». A=a=.li A. TTalier, a-xst of T B. '
"CTaller cf 931 W.I^r street. Oaiitsd. a sa- •
trie cf Kistscir. as*i T> years U eojuss
smS * diys. .
WOOD — Is tiis eiry. September IT. 13C3. Jcaa j
Wesley, fcekrrei haatitsul at Aidie E. Woc»i. i
a native of Carawali. N- T.. ajeii T4 y-ara
+ nu;ctia said 15 dors.
CT'Frieaiia asa. acqaaistasces ar« r«spect- j
- TsllT tsrtted t.j attesd ti* fsserai Scsdiy. I
S*ptis:ier 20; KCSy at 2 f-nct ts* 1
eiapel cf Cd i Fallows* Cssutary. Ssrrtres
will te crsdacted ty A=sa L. Geaeajt*. i
,. T?arrri«— « it th«f oortaary ciajrel cf tse !
GcUitn. Ga.t» Vaii<!rtakis«- Coincaay. S-tT5 •
atisauja street, ceax Tweaty-trsc g^^r I
cc;it fcj ¦* i* s.
V» 1 ri"i2TBACB — ts ErrwklTS. N'. T.. Septssx- :
ter IT, 1303; E5=assel Wyttscbacit. fitter
cf Eug-w*. Pisl. Artssr. asd H#Ua i
¦Wyttectaci. aai fcrctier of Mrs. H. Hiber- I
zilf of Eiywxri*. CSlL. aiai C. E. F. Wytrea- I
taica of tai» ctty. a native or Bern. Switxer- j
Iasi. a«ed «2 y*ar» t aicati. ami 13 iays.
; ZIC52X — Is &mts Sas Fr»sci*c<\ 5«;t»n:ber j
1*. 15«J3v IxxlIs, fceli^wi sne cf Jc&s and 3iirr i
Zick«J. asd devoted fcrctier cf Jots Jr.. j
Gecrys asd Hssrietta Ziclwr asd tae ut*
Assi*. Asdxrw asd Eitia Z. • i •»!. a caiir* o£ :
Saa Fnsciaco. a-r^i CS years 1 siocta. »"-^ 1
day.
E7Tri*=is asd actyzalstisces ar* resp«ct- j
fsny tSTtted ta attesd ts* faaeral t>cjcrra» !
iScsdajK at - 1 C clock; * iroci ti* rwidanci* j
' cf his Barest*. Eailrca.i asd Tfcirty-secccd I
axirsiss*. S«3«tt Saa Frasciscct Istensaar i
Maust Oiiret Cetaetery.
CARD Of THAX5S.
Ti* C3d*rsli5=ei herewith tegr ta ej^.t»s»
tsair siscerest t?ra.ria for ti* rreas att4ai-
asc» asd-.!=as7 fceaatiTsl tak«S3 at or ha#-
fcas<rs trsarai. Also Rev. Fatier RissaaJ
Fcsr. O- F. It. for tie fcfsd asi synpatsti-
f-g w-rrfS la ti* KT2KO.
CATHARIXA RSGLI asd rfrfMrrrr.
KE1I. .__EJSTATB~CrTT— FOR aA j^ I
TEC3IAS 3IAGSE & EOXS. I
¦REAL ESTATE AGxTSTS.
X&. 3 3COXTGOMXB.T ET. |
STOCSTON' STXEirr.
ICO.itO— 4-Vft. Crest, witi Sse 4-strry «¦*" ce- j
niest ;.i«r-.:t tcildlsxx leased ta cc« j
tssast far SOO a Ecsts: tesast sstiets I
it uia adnsee; th3 m^*. Cs* c*ri=« |
f3 .^X— F-ssts «-'53 a stcsti; 3 sew £a.zs, taOt :
only a f*w ccstss; ca test pcrtica cf :
Thirtsests St.; eT*ryisls* cc=ri«t« asi |
-.--.-.. cars z.i*.-£.
Price rclsce-i Ca «C0»>; sisst t« *zl£. tj efTict ¦
as ir-.— ¦,*>*-* vaZ* t « rocxs* asi tats, t
w-.ta g."i - 'f M asi piaster*"! taaeissst; .
e>rrtric l^ttis*-. Tery Lirye asi tx.ep- ;
uccally «i"~-y iocse; fise Ttew cf Pre- :
siio a&i 3tir-ja CacstT ti2a; firsvclasa ;
¦CTE3STSTS-ST. H3CB BCHJDDKI IXTT.
J3.3X — n-ft. fkvot witi 2 gcf-iges: a ftse site j
tx 2rTt-cia*8 hc=e; tetwees 2 «ail«
Cses asi wttsts 2$ Btsstca cf djwa.
x.^»^.
,Ci23H3
J2.CO5 — TTrS ft. fr^st ty l~A ft. 4ee;: ts a lo-
cality tsax is rasiiJy b*tr* fctrllt cr; t
ise si=* let f-r a seise- cr 2 2ats.
h •-¦.:-rtf rr^-er. hzstdtxce.
$i:CC— As ex=e;ticiiany w-r: boCl tct=» cf 7 j
rorrtsa. :..-.-. »-¦•! Ssistei s«jesi«cs; lae i
ClTl3T:fl CL; tisae *j is £rst-cLiM crier. !
fST.KO — Krrti. sife cf t=tter. set far frca i
J:s<is; rearty 23 ft. frcst. wtti. a ccoi !
*— :*— T" ts;s 'jj ts ss«x»aei lacsllty i
izx a dictir'e r«si.i*cc«.
zzn
_ - - . - _ -
. I
J3,TZ.V- A Cm ir: J :¦•¦-«¦ tot cs •VTssstT'gtsa st. j
crscsizi x narslicess c*w rsstiasoe;
3^ilii r^ sls<; Prtsiila Keljsta.
AT-ST. KTSH>E2rC3.
flZ.ECC' — gleicsst sew ic=se ca acrts slle cf
y-.t-r; iLirtw^r.d ixrr ts liTtsjr-cccsu saH '
asi •tisisg'-rccc; teasied ceills*- is ¦*'--
tr^-rccas; 5 teiirrrass. 2 batss; e>ctrts ;
' f *•-». ise fas trt'ires; ererytiisji; tie j
very :-•;-- z-i : t--2- tiis is a t«f -tiTal :
— m* - —^¦^ te sees, to te a^£x > e€lat£i.
V * 1 JT.TrV.gT'_ F.t'--! ! g*Vf*7T.
PT.im 'l<lT tZxZZT:*.; a very wefi fccilt 2-st=ry !
reavies^e witi attic »--^ ta*i=iest; 1> ;
r-:ct=a asi ta.ti: erery r-yn iaa sea Is
it; Sr»t-*:.a.T» rsatie^ce Lscaiity.
C4JBQ0 — H^sts $123 sew. teS as be aiiei tac t
as SCtTT:~ f^ a still Ti.-ant a=il ciz S^ '
a f?w =cstss asi an rested; ccstais T
r:c=« asi : -i :^ cacs.
¦ THOatAS 3IAGZS & £0^3.
; arONTO-CMXHT =T.
WXZX2XSI tc-rr.r tt~?-
sc^crorrr.o cotr>*TT.
Bsslseas l»:t*; tc'.^iisj icts; rritss wtthis
ti* rsaci tf aH; tsTest aow «*''« ii« prixs
are Liw: TSTCits ts ti* terrsisss ci tie Caii-
forsii Ncrti ¦^eaters Rallrcai; »t« >rTcver- •
¦*V.» vu tie tJTTi^-ai Its t: r .»ii started: I
wies ti* ter=ri=» ckartged tc TTrl»T» rt dii
ti* f.i_-_- a-.i WBBta. w.^i tts riii s?ir-
riusdisc c-TTisrry. siiat sarsrsJIy foiicw ta
ti* "T» Us*; see tsis pr-:t««rty cc eixs»lay. '
St;t«ster 2!:ti: Scat :*tm TJO t7 Titcra
Ftrry: tickets. S3 rcssi tnr. asi fr»e tuaes
win ccerreT yea ta tia ;r:c«rty: tiiitets cas
irt t*nrr,-*tl at crzr cCSce. or at STO Vvrtret rt.
W. E. c ~N — r 'X, !— i-tta Cccntry T -«--'
~*EV?JVh1v1I & HABSa CCICANT. 2U!
; Hist^:=ier7 st.
= ~
A EAP-GAIX— «42K; COSJTSa I>OT. 1
JT d__*^ A 2. 4u<J« .ill iT. i.^* * ; - J "^ - - 2a* '
I
E.lEOA3'-T-»-! V»-*i.-i--> -ew r»siieace« cf !
t> rtens asi tari: m-T. =oders asi sp ta I
<!*:• 1=. every pasOeaaKn ?»»- S»W aoi 6^8 ;
•Ttiytcai »t.. Mir CiUxi*s. Gat* Park; prtce
ZSZM a=i «*:<>. Aj-Iy R. D. CliANSTOX j
i SON'S. 11 1 3£;st»-risery st. ;
FCHCED sa:« cf 2 e=ttirss I r. asi fc. ca :
2^Us st^ sear Castrrs; cse ciss-'e Is a life- ;
ts«: 1".^ Cawa asi J2> str execta. 1243 '
Sasciez; fa'O dcw^i a=»i *2I rer scsti. :
3. CO>'V"«-V A CO. . 33C3 H ri.-:-. SC I
JC-<"":> — 2 HOCHSX new iats: cdy I fcXcc* '
Ksa 3iiric«t as! S*^ttff»sti. Is^sir« li »
E^*Tsr st.; as extra ?-;c»i tsT»s-^sest.
Hi. I-LD- cs yrxr BS£san«*d realty: we !<»i !
fi!l <rrst !3:rt-?r a-.i car: let at <S per eect. ;
MAXEATTA N' lyDAX CO.. O5at~ ttxildia*. [
f S-BOC1X tocM art? ijct£ufllf=«s ; free water; '
«3Staii* frr prcitry cr baisis: iss^itS ft.; i
Bte uslsirrr?*; TTxlS. li> Palssetta a**, j-
FC'?. sa:*— K:t;s* • r=s. : si«i taserr^r.i; s=ssy ;
si-Ie lid. bet. Valescia a=i Stiswiito- Co -- • u. f
s—^r r«r=sed. St-cie=i & O?.. Usisa-*c> v>* j
i A >¦. i^.S"S -»ts f:r ¦' c»sta — The CoH. i
:<5 ;ar^. is wra~*r. f -. r — int=r. K r»r tvz? ;
TTs!':*^ Pta.t^s cr Casaia. cee y»ar trr tt.
REAL. ESTATE Caaaiir F«r >tl«. L
2 ACE.SS jvii. aij'^i=« CsLts Park. Cctsa; 1
fescei se<iyes arr^sd lasd; rxi fiwxae; I
cslTiis-iccses. ••rtur: rws-icail*: estricess. '
•is-to. R. S. THOP^rrCX. 414 frt- «~o w^ I
aUaUa iaiii. stcck rxscies. crtiards.
Tt^eyajris: &*p«<rt*ii t«rca^«: cata-
I-:eT:^i sest free. C IX WCOsJTiiS CO.. 643
Mir>«t
PO!M RTCHMOVT) REAL ESTATE. |
TTATrin fr-ait Ists asi tarralss: all tracts; •
—pa. pa—as. «ee. 'ptt.t. 417 Pirrcct i *x J
PEOPERTi TO EXCHASCE.
! FOH «**. cr wci ¦ - . -j.-x» Cot rrLts 1.1^. ':
Sarrasiesta cr Sas J :«iis csusties rr«- ;
ferr^l. a S -' • stock cf reseral tser^sasiise. ;
rrccertes asd Er^Tiaiora; also tie stcre fcdii- 1
t=«. tarn -as.i dwetTlsx — desired; va^i* •
I-rnr Ai!— « 4». F^rg-Ht. CaL f
pbopebti wasted.
V-."aNTZT>— Flrst-cliss tittle rases. £raa Hi- ;
U.t) t3 C3.6CO; =sst sare firA. warer. rasye. '
e»=- Arawer te detail to FHEI> A. ESIT- i
Try 4^1 Ext-h, a*. . Saa Frxaciaeo. |
ALAMEM ADTERTISEMEXTS.
A LAKES A RE VL ESTATE.
i jvst v.iu: roc a_&e lgqxzsg real
A FEETTT EQaiO: IS -*T^\nr^a
EcTrresded t7 *L.'«»"t asd frsit trees: *t*t
trais asi scisx!s; csly fS£&-. lat TSzlSi.
(STice 5-r3c=i ccttajf e asi SatS.
AX-V3ISr>A LAXT> CDaO»A^T.
T»l. r-tr-j i«:t iztXr p-u^t. St.. AlasMrfa.
j FRCTYALEaDVERTISEMENTS
FRrrrvALE BC - VI * estate.
$22SO— aiODEZX cottiy* rf « rooca asi tats:
si?i ta«=iest; tirs. f»r> tzii w*r/« -»'>t : j
f»r-!?r orciarJr tct SCxttOt Isqrsir* cs cr«s- !
i«es. fis»t isccae <ra Fresscart it*.. cS East •
raart—Q -r.. Frr:ir»»I^. C G. D.OTMZT. j
JOAKLiND ADTEHtlSEMENTS
Cmo, 111S iJEOADWAY.
; OAKLi-XD B&U, ESTATE.
; S13f> CASH asi $«<> a r — "] fcsy» seir. fnr^^*^*
tccs«; Sse stirtae rimr: cestra! asd cca-
vesiest; iistsx-rjcsi saseioi Ls csrlz red-
woci; ce«s asi r i-; ri=ttsa-; lot !0x
1*3; icrrcsTsitiJ fry cajrsiAcert bcases;
cter prefers ta sen n tertsst ritier- r>» 1
rr=t: «3<> a Eaui reSaaed as recs fcr" tiia
ic^se; a rare cr>art=sity ta ftcx * =aj-
siicest feasie sasie as payis* rtst; aboo-
tattl7 as ntcresestei aci tru* |I!K0 Leaa
tsas ccst ts c^^Cisate.
G£ORG2 ~. AUSTIN i-jr J. S iTTEStS.
{ ICta Brca-jiriy. Oixlajj.
oakum) rcB5mac for sale.
TO-3£OH£Ow"'t5«"«ay for tarsoiss ts "fKrsi-
C3T». H. £.±*Csaas. Ills st.c«r.stsr«.Otaisd.
SEWISG MACHIAES ASD SCFPU£.« |
JTITW KOifE »ewtST '-""*•¦'—. >•>¦¦ we«ic ccjy, J
n«. *1S. »29: sii*StJy used: need>» 3Dc dc*. C
J NEW EO3C: ST at CO^ ICIl Slarkst st- J
iPECLLL SOTICE3. [
JfOTiCkl ts t«r»tr *tr«n »>«» tte Trarafar '
&»<ts fcr tie trasaier e? • :c<i of Tfe* Basi •
cf dCTorsia -wo. fc« ciMei e«pt«!=t«r 13^
ISCS^ ac 3 arelcdk p. sx. asi vi2 «cr«a cci i
Friday. October 2 1308. By eric o£ tsa
E«*rl «2 Dtr*ciat»
AT.T^TC SL CULT. 6«er«tarT.
S*t««s>er 3. OCO. v
DS. A. E. XSOfKIHTga. , STirr»ca— gjectal
a~^r*Vii. s^ttki ts tae«tical «—^* « . »'^; iia-
. eases o? wcts«s. eavaaes cf tse "tlrer. stoct- '
ara asd bcw«£a. 513-tt Starr TT-^y ttif,
IS. G»arT st ; teL PrlTate Esciasr* Si
syEciAiojTa.
QLTAEEE, DSAFXE6S asi XOISES & BAB9
Ec«.tiT«iy c=red; ae-w setsod; 1 w-ek's tr*at-
ciest tne. Et. Cbctlsssasi. ZS< Setter st.
sTiTriinc atd srAJtHEKnra
3£SL3CCE>TE Scsocf. Vas Xas«-a£irkK — Cere
is «-rery case; tsdtrtteal tiaci^sar; so =*£- i
els*- Izij-zl-* tst j warLdgrfal csra ; fectae ccr*.
TYPEHR1TEH5 AJ»D SCPPLIK^
GRSA7 EAESADt 3 r?T 'rvraw HTT^Rd— We [
s«ii betiir suiSa far !•¦» zzcaerj >»>-»^ aisy j
tccs« Is tse dry; r«c:aU $X Tse TypeTiier
TTi^4r.rg>. £33 C«JJtfjcs^3i; tela^tcse 3t*is*5«.
A F-TW pws tyj*^rrtters a; $S> «&:s: grt ;ar-
tlcaUr*. I* * 31. irjrXAJTDga. US Mart-
C^r^«f j j st.
21>-HAXI> UfcWW.Ucis sni-i. r»st*rl. repaired.
tr t ii«t«r Tr;<Trr.tw Iss?«e. Oa>. SC3 MatSm^
MABaiAGE LICENSES.
Tb» ;;;;;-»— j carrtac* Hcs-taea v»r« Isscsi*
T«st*riay:
Ti*c<icr* ilassfiilt. 38, ctty, asi Es*«ia. !
I» TtcdS«cn. 30. ctty.
Jxszjea B. £ii<»Iia. K. TT*i Fctsoci smsiss, j
«Sd Mary C. StTrrr. W. 2TH Filscca. aransit v
Asii«o Farbnsl. S Sac. PefrOi. asi Cestn. !
Pu.«is*U£. 13. aas Pedro.
Hesry E. V7Vi*r. 2*. 334 Eis dries a-r-=e>, j
asi Arses B^:r-.a:rsre. 21. 14« Feil strw*.
A^iert \L. Dtcksoc. 21. 23 v*"* str««c asi ;
afa~:g Wasstixrs. 13. Z£rt Vzico. street.
Frasi O. GrofL 21. Ewa li.Use*v l^n, asi j
Ei^le JT_ OUt«t 15. Freasa.
Jibs J. 3£jras. 30. 2S1T SCsalca street, asi i
alary Ucarser. iS. 13SJ Sasciea street.
Aiaasiir P*n:«3. 21. 312 Eyi* Jtreat. asd i
VjLT.t BoClSffSe. 1». Ala— J<«<.
Eartijclctse-w Dessesy. 25. 515 Er»orl str»et. j
a=d V* Casey. 24. 412 Foerster street.
J<rfra C. Ptwncc. 41. MarysTi^e. aa»l As^y
Chariea 5. Pcc«. 23k 1S25 Tiylar street, asi
2IariCB. Eoiiss. 23. 2K5 Sxsrxisesto street.
Tee Sisr. 44>. 123 "VTaTerlry riA«. *=*i Ai
T^i. 27. 133 WaTtrlgy gCu«. ;-^v: '
EIEfE3-MAmASE3-SEAfE&
BtrGS. dtrrlax* ssi 4eata notices sest £y j
i-tijT wi2 sot be isj«rt*J. Ti«sy tssaz t* tasi-d
ts r: either cf ti* cchlicati^a eticea as«l ta i
tsicrsetl wtti tie -»n-» as<l resiisso* cf j«r-
sccs astiitatsei tc U<« ts* sasie jubfiiseil.
BOB2T.
GKEOG-^-Za tiis ziZr. Septe=i«r 13^ I3C3, t> |
tse wtf s of Harry 3. Gres^r. a iisyst«r.
aiOPJlIaOW— ts tsis d-y. 5ept«=iber IT. 13Ca. i
ta tie istf « c£ C R. 3t:rrlsoc of JTew Tcrk. !
a <txisi;«r.
TVCKSS— & tsl« ctty. SeyteniSer 19. 1»S» ta
ti* wlfs- of J. T. Tscker. a dxs^Ster.
Earie=. F. H. .TisfT. Lecpeli
5«X3X FTaric K«a.^Lsy. JCarr J.
F-»— »-. Jcta. C Kerr. .Kl- : » H.
EoTrsas. v»7 ilcl^se. Jtsiesi D.
Er*i:.:-w. H«r=aa M=sr. J. Hssry
E=rssa=i, lUri* A. Otst. L«i3
Ccs'se-xy. JItcs*aI Prescctt. WCi»a A.
CnsiCL G«ctts 3£. Ectbus. Pstar
rmTt««. C*7-e E-a'^td TwaSiisT. J-easI*
&——:<->;. Dr. F. 2i E>«=iel
Farreii Jets J. 'Wariier. Vrm ±—^-* x
Fsas, Silts E. Wici. Jess. W.
ILrClisa. Aifr*l B. T7ytt*ci!Lei, :v ~^- r
Ej-wta Ens J. Jr. eel
Eirjca. EH«i EckeS, LecU
JatataaB. 3£rv ~— — •»
BAKZ7E3P— Cs tSi» d:y. S<?5*e=ib«r 14. 13C3.
F. H. Baries. a satir* ct ilj_r.-», SkTsI 41 t
rsirs.
E^Frvssi* assS a«jsaistasces ar» res;*:t- '
fs2y is-rUsd t» art*al ti* fsseral B*r*tc*s j
tarir-lxy. S.»;t«si«r 13. 13CJ. ai 2 c^cii^X I
it iS» — -^— :.»-y cha;«l <3< J-^ITis S. Go<£ea3. j
30*5 3f.>cc«-:c:'-ry a»«=iie. I=t«r=i«it J-asrel r
ES C«=aetery.
BOBOtOT-^El ztls dry. 5sf<«=ier IT. 15C3. !
Frasi, esarty teJcfwi ss»tas<l ct Assi* !
Basset, asi tarts* f atier cf y*r-*a. Mis- i
sie. Rsts. Wilrar. Eni«a* asd. >£arsal^ i
&t:.-,i. a sa.tiT« of Frx=ce. are»i 42 year* -I j
cocti» asii 29 ¦iiya.
CT'Frlis.is asi u;-n *-.f s, n c«g ar» rea^ect- f
fsily tsirt;*! tc? att'?ni tie f^seral s«rTtce« f
Essiiiy, S^^tersier 20. 1502, at 1 a'cL^i. *t
his U.:» reali<s:e. 1*42 Ccrtlasd iTessa, raar
Sas Bnso rra.i. Istira«isr Cyrras* L*'an
CftEetirr-
¦EO"KT£A2? — la tiis ctcy. S*;c*=ili«r MS. 1303.
• ::-=. C-. b*&2T»-l 1- -j -•_-.! cf tie tate Ai-
*-;s-i Riw »-¦. fatSer .-f H#=ry A. tl-i — »-_
asi tr:tssr cf Csriatiasa TiesJiiS. a sattT» [
cf G<r=asy, aj^-i t* years 1 =cst^ aai I
days.
CTFtUsfti ssi i:;-:l^jl:.>j ar« t'3,ect-
f^ilT t=vu*l to attend tie f-i=j»ral SoSiiay. i
&»-pt»=ii«r 20. 13C5. at 1 o'-i-:<:jc. Srcni tS< j
ircrtuary -ia.r-: of ti* O--^l«a. Gate C3il»r- |
tiit'-j Cbntpaav, 2-(T3 U..<v. . c street, sear !
Tw-str-fLrst. I=.;<nsKSt Cr;r«s Laws C«se-
tary. ty carrtaz^.
EGTntAX— t tsi» r^rr. S«Ttessi»r IS. T3CJ f
Mary, tekrrei wife of Tt<rtsaj b.->« — -it x i
ca.tzv-» of N»w TorSc ie*i 32 years.
IL-T" K l Tt*nii» ani »'-i^-t ¦»:"*»-.-»•« ar"» r^s^eet- •
f=Uy tSTitati as att«ni ti« rsr»T3J: t3-aamw !
(3ssia.y>. at I'>i3«> o'cisck. Jnts ts* fiseril i
parlors of McOlsa Erc».. 2C«-iK StsASistar
str«t. Isrer=«st La=rsl HiZ Ce=«tirT.
EKEDLC-'C— Is tiis city. S<5tssiN»r li. 13C3.
E*r=ias. t«Iovni t=3S«jKi c£ H*n.r*.»tt* Br»<i-
Ictt. asii 'I*-«ro«eiJ fat^«r cf Hernias Jr^. Oct.2.
AsieLLi. JLIier; !=¦! F5-!T-.q Br^iijw a=.I Mrs.
E. A. E-=Trjr>:iS&c£. a raui-rs cf Pc-e*^ Ger-
Eisy. a«*l 53 y-ars I tscsts asi 11 dors.
A c*3i«r *f Vertfs E3str*iSt. Qirp<»st£TS'
Usicc N'5. i2 asd Hirrscc7 Lc<i<?« Xa. 9 U A. I
O. C. W. |
C?Fr-.«s>is anil i:<r:a^;irn!a are respect- I
fslly tsrxteil to attaci tie te»nl to— ncrrsw
<Sfcn<iiy>. at 1 o'c£o«^£. Cr-nn fais lit* rest-
ixsce, U3 r Rlpi^y street, c^t-wens "nrr=.:7-
etgst It asi T"wssrr-cists. Foiacsi as.J , Hir-
risca. Istemert it.^ist Ottnt O^etery.
ETFJXUXSl— Is. Caklisi S-Tt«=ii«r IT. I3C3v
Kir*.« Jtsiza. fcelovei iosjiiter cf JL St asii
Marta. G. Bar-h.or7. a cotr«» of Ostklasi.
ajre<i 3 years T coc:is ar.i IS >iars.
COrrrrAT— Is tSU city. SeptastSer 1«. 13<:.-U I
H.ciae! Ccsway. t«I«rrexi fcrscser cf 3Irs. I
J»=m SaTasasjs. itrs. P*t«r C^rry asi Urs. •
¦^TUlliSt Ccgiilas. * sxtiTe cf tie partas cf j
Leitrv=. Ccusty CilTray, Irelasd. a^*i IS j
years-
C7Frt*^ii3 lii aCT3a.£a-tasce» are respect- ;
fiily tiTtred to attod tie f^=«ral to-cB^rrour :
<Scr-ia.T>. »t 12:3> o'el'^i. frets, tia farmers f
of HcFaiiss. McEr»art7 ft Grass, 11H ids- j
slca strwt. t"rr»*a S«T«sti. asd El^itlt. i
ti«sce to St. Pitrtck's Ch-^rzb. frr ser-rU:e3 at !
* 1 octoci. Istertrect Ealy Cross CesieMry-
CHAXTJAii. — li til* ctty. Sf7te:=.b«r l£ 130:5. f
G*rr«e 3i^ te^-red tsataci cf Stary E. f
CrasdaS. as-i fitser cf VTtma=i S. Bad j
C.ctj» A. Crxali!! asi lira. J. U Essiir- t
B3V * satire cf Plttats-ws. K. T., aff»J C |
; ¦ ? .i.-s asi & iays.
ITTse f^sj«ral w21 tak» r ;.ice tc-ti;
fSatsriiy}. at !> cfcUxlc. frets at» late resi-
decce. T—'- Brcsalway. between Eyia ac.il
L«»ieiiw^rti streets. I=t?rc=*st prtrate. S»-
ti:nal Cesietery, Prssliio. Please cait
Cowers. »
DATISS— Is this clr7. SejteEter 1^ 130S.
Ca?tais EaTli DaTtea af tie :Ii«stsoc»
tender Vi<*rm»a telovei tsstasi cf Assie
Ea-rUs. asi fati*r of JCrs. J. R. Crtisar
asi Cftrtel^. a=i Da-rti C. !?».•»?•». a nattT* t
c* Cardigan. 'W"ala». ax*l T2 years. A cieis- {
ter cf CaSf^rsiA Eartcr N"o. IX
ETFrtesia asi '¦ acc.salstiscts asd tb» f
ise=i<r» ct Ci^rcrsia. Hortcr N'3. 13 ar» r*- f
srectfslly tnted to artesi the fsaeral to- [
inerr-yw <Scsi*y>. si 1 ofclcca. frets tse far-
ters of H. P- Pfttersea. 22S 5£^AHist?r street,
trtarment 3tcc=.t €Ht»et C«t=«tery by eXeutiU;
fnueral ear trcta. EljSteesti. asi Gaerrera
street*.
DHT^I<rS— Is Ccstn. Ctsta' C-scsty. S^zsrs.- \
ter IT 1303. Dr. F. E. H. Dt=t:k. fc*L&v»i t
tssSaisd cf Flcr-cce E-isaslciv sott cf Hr_ [
ami ttrs. Xas«5& Ei=3ii<;ie. asti fcntfcer cf 1
Virzie. EHis. Carrcll ard T.iTTtan Dim.d£ck_ f
a cattr* c< W£=ii3cr. Cal. as^I 21 years 1
Eccti* asti IS days.
CT-Xatjot cf fssersi bertaJTter.
FAKKEXir— Esterei Ista reat, Seztssiter 16.
isoa. Jets J.. beloTei • tusiasd of Wi&la
Farreii. fatSer ct Catbertse E. FarreO. sen
¦ ef fatierlse ms£ de late Jobs. Farreii a=i±
trctier oi TScnia* FarreK. itr*. afjjrrarat
Casa-ras. Itrs. P. Garety aai tie late Peter
Farreii. a natire ci >f*w Tcri City, arsd SS
y»ars 2 iscsti* asd 4 days. A Ee=i»r cf I
Km! 23. Y. M. L .
tyFrissd* ssd t»t^ilstssces are re3;ect-
faay terttei ta attesi th« fcserxl Satsriay,
SeptaciSer ». at 9rl5 a'clodt, frets il» lxt»
resiieEce. 1504 <yFarr«Il street, ojruer of
\Tetatter. tlieace t» Eaty Oosj d=rcX Eidy
HENRY J. CALL ACKER CO.
CSccecAcr? t3 FUssaxxs 4 Galt**s«r J
DAXIEI. P. DOXOVA.V. H*r.
t'LNJ-Si-*-L» DlRECTOSa ANO E34EAJL3CEH3.
3> Flfti St.. eppcatte Unecis Sciocf.
Tilestcs^ Sc«t» SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
! Fsaseral Dtrectars azii ESsiaissers
Fbrsaeriy t.i MstrspuUtaa T-isipl*.
Slew at HOi. 34XSSION. TfeL Scuti 1ST.
Betwees Fccrrs a=il FtftS. X»ar Flfti it.
n=e«t E-ril=s»=ta at iX iii^rat.i Eate*.
Jaccs) U :O;ss. Eesry B.« ~-H"t
JAMES VeCTVX & COl. "~
Fan=«rt7 Wlti McGiaa Brest.
FsaeraJ DCrvrtsrs aai F^''r ; »r-nmn_
214 EVKy st.: Tel. Sssth. £TS> '.-
i Dovcnis'c 1 j free with
* Dili dull u Or NEXT
j "gfiOUETTE" 1 SUNDAY
1 *' i" .
• ,
¦ f^tS^5br^^S«fe^5»^Wl^S>E^'^^';w-SJ*§g i *::rir.'tily ' ¦.^MMt3Bpa^MyMwas^aMl^Ki^^*'^frr |^S-'f v [ 1 *'^*V 'I*^* *• J .*j * * T? >> *• *^S*
* "— - .*^.' . .j- r^ .*.. ¦ -**- ' — . ,.-£ ' ~* ,¦ ~ j*^. ~"~ , ',:--•&' ~ e v *^-'._^ ;^~. ~^* .'. .*^'^ j^*tft-^y c rT^^^^^^?3^i^f***^
:^ v LADY IN RED.
I FREE ART PICTURE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL. September 20
[TRAIN NWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
\ Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
I THEY ARE -FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS
I 1 l£2 Fsll3iii| Aft Djahis in M2t'3| a S;2£iiltj si Fnasj Gill Ait Slants: -
SACHA1IEXTO — HiTensr. llier & str^t; GagVs art sl=r». 5JJ East SA2» DIEXKi — W. P. Filler & Co,
Co. «;» J str&et; C N. Daria. toolc Va!^ street; Wssei's art a-.;rs. 425 Tl F stre^t.
: store- SIT K street. East iLiis stre»t. FRE5NO — Sr-s^se & TJftx.
t PETTALViU. — H. S. GcLtenatsta. J. JIAP.YsVILLH — G. TT. HaIT. RilDI>ES"a — VT. E2. Eerf^s. "B€rj2»
3X. "Wyciofi. OAKLAND — E. J- Saai-. 13 TeZe- Fsrsittir* Cc=pi=y": T. J. H;-sstcs.
» £ VX JOSS — G«or«;* D«Lu.e; M. Lea- rraph a.T«iue; A. A. Earlo^r. 3S3 H^uarca Farslt^T* Coepasx-
? sea & Son- Twelfth ttreet. RZI>TCCOI> CITY — W. I.. TT! 1 -*
t STOCKTON — Morris Brns.' bcci ALA3IKDA — C P. ilaxa^icaw 1I5J SANTA CRUZ— K. E. IrtsX Cccxs
r store "*<> Nortii El Dorado stra-t; Park stn?st. Brcs^ F- R. E«tt. G-crj^ Hiiis.
? Stocitca Racist storey III Hist ilsis. ¦ CHICO — Fetters & ITHliasssL JACKSO?f — E. G. Fr««=aci Co.One of the able elocutionists of the as
sociation, Miss Alice Van Reynegom, will
recite an original poem entitled "Com
munion" and Miss Frances Van Reyne
gom may; have a literary surprise ready
to reveal to the company.
The final vocal number, will be the sing
ing of .-"Aufd'Lan'g'Syrie" by the mem
bers, which will be followed by the bene
diction of the blessed sacrament.
The hall is to be decorated in lavender
and white and the dining-room is to be
decorated with yellow. The flowers and
plants for the college hall are to be sent
by Superintendent McLaren from Golden
Gate Park. : -< ¦-.., ¦.'
gramme, and will herself contribute solos
on the piano. The whole of the company
Is to sing the chorus "Praise Ye the
Father," which will be followed by a vo
cal solo by Mrs. M. Somers. Miss Clara
Baker will deliver an address, and then
will come a double piano duet by Miss E.
Sresovlch, Mrs. C. Fenn, Miss Annie Oli
ver and Miss Grace St. John.
Every user of Dr. Koenigsteln'a Red
Salve is a walking advertisement of its
merits for skin complaints. •
now suggest that Reuben Lloyd and myself
divide the work between us and that we make
such corrections aa we deem proper, having
In view the fact that equity require* us to
be as easy on the printer as the circumstances
will admit.
The report was adopted.
H. WELCKEB'S fine ROOSEVELT MARCH,
t»iu at "go." at 331 Pine, or leading "tores. •
The . San Francisco . Architectural Club
will hold its second annual exhibit at
Mechanics' Institute, on Post street, on
October 2. .A gr ( eat deal of preparation
has been made by the members of the as
sociation for the exhibit, and it promises
to be a very high class affair.
Art Club's Exhibition.
Strong men at j the head means good service for
you. Mysell-RolHna,22 Clay.printere&blnders. •
'Michael Coyle and Michael ; Buckley
were arrested yesterday by Patrolman
Feeney, charged with stealing bricks
from the city corporation: yard. They
were seen Special Officer Dalton in the
act of 'loading a cart, and as they could
show no authority for their action they
were arrested.
Caught Taking City's Bricks.
: For & tenacious & persistent cough, Plso's Cure
for Consumption is an effectual remedy. 25c. •
The San Francisco Eye
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and ' mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness. Itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are. .the results
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives. quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye. pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murlne at 50 cents. •'
that .the word "description" stood for the
word "arsenic" in the prescription. By
this explanation Eisenschimmel sought to
prove that his statement yesterday in the
Police Court tallied exactly with his evi
dence given before the Coroner.
Alfred Voligny, a conductor on, the Cal
ifornia-street line, was then called to the
witness stand. His testimony was of lit
tle value to the prosecution. The witness
testified that as a member of the order
of Odd Fellows, to which Martin L.
Bowers belonged, he had visited Bowers
at his home and at the hospital, once a
week. The prosecution sought to show
by the witness that Bowers had not re
ceived the same proper treatment at his
home as he had received at the Waldeck
sanatorium, but Attorney Drury was suc
cessful in keeping out the testimony as
not being material to the case. The fur
ther hearing of testimony was then ad
journed until Monday morning next at
10:30 o'clock, _._..
At a regular meeting of the Onward
Club of the Third Congregational Church
held Thursday evening, September 17, the
following resolution was - adopted;
Resolved, That the members of the Onward
Club are heartily in /avor of a bond Issue to
provide a park for the Mission district and
that we respectfully ask ourfriends, particu
larly those residing in the northern and west
ern part of the city, to vote In favor of the
bond issue to provide funds necessary for this
purpose. UEV.- WILLIAM RADER.
EDXA GRIFFITH. Secretary. President.
Mission Park Wonted.
The Looker On department this week con
tains interesting gossip, and. Elsie's society
letter contains full details of the smart set's
movements, with bright comments thereon.
"Junius" continues to tell all there is to be
told about the political situations.
In its editorials, comments, financial, liter
ary and dramatic reviews the News Letter fur
nishes the best reading in the West. •
The letters from "Special Agent" in the S.
F. News Letter have been attracting much at
tention and causing both consternation and
amusement among the underwriters. The let
ter in to-day's issue Is particularly good.
In its continued crusade against the College
of Physicians and Surgeon* the News Letter
reproduces the advertisement by which that in
etltutioa sought to make embalming and un
dertaking rart of its course.
To-Day's News Letter.
While attempting to dodge between
cars headed in opposite directions on
Powell street. Dr. J. Coplin Stinson of 533
Sutter street wrecked his automobile and
with Miss F. Meyers, who resides at the
Kentlworth Hotel, was thrown from the
vehicle to the pavement. Neither was
Injured seriously. The accident happened
in front of the Columbia Theater about
9 o'clock last evening.
One of the cars which caused the ac
cident was standing in front of the thea
ter preparatory to moving on the turn
table. The other car. in charge of Grip
man Rellly and Conductor Tutt, was on
the .table.. Stinson came down Powell
street and finding the street to his right
blocked by carriages steered behind the
car going down and over the track used
by the car Just moving from the turn
table. He then attempted to Bwing to
his richt and cross In front of the first
named car. From the statements of the
railroad officials both cars were in mo
tion. Stinson says they were not, at least
until after he had crossed behind the
downtown car. At any rate his machine
was pinched between the two cars and
badlv- smashed. . .
¦ ,When the crash came both Stinson and
Miss Meyers were thrown out of the
vehicle. The gripmen, applied their brakes
immediately and prevented further Oc
cident. When the couple was picked up
by spectators,' who rushed to their as
sistance, it waa found that the physician,
with the exception of a slight bruise of
the knee, escaped unscathed. , Miss
Meyers, however, was not so fortunate.
She was bruised about the legs and hips
and the right' side of her head.. The
young lady refused to be taken to the
Receiving Hospital and was taken to the
Kenilworth.in a hack by her escort.
CARS SPLINTER
AN AUTOMOBILE
TALENTED GIRLS WHO WILL
TAKE PART IN NOTRE DAME
EXERCISES. ¦ »
Yesterday Tuthill went down to the
Third and Townsend street depot and in
formed the passenger agent there that
he wanted to have his special aluminum
car put in order so that he might go to
Germany with his wife. He became such
a nuisance that the officials had him ar
rested. Since arriving at the hospital for
the second time Tuthill has lost his rea
son completely, and his condition has be
come critical as well as pitiful.
It was learned that the "unfortunate
man had been drinking heavily, and this
is thought to be the cause of his mental
collapse. • ¦ .
Tuthill is evidently a man of refinement
and means. He is about 40 years of age
and well dressed. From papers . in his
pocket it was learned that he Is a resi
dent of Seattle and that he is a property
owner in that city. A number of blank
checks were also discovered among his
effects, but only a small amount of
money.
Stretched out on a bare cot In the In
sane ward of the Emergency Hospital,
pitifully crying and moaning for some
thing imaginary, lies Frank C. Tuthill
of Seattle. He was first brought In on
Thursday night and released a short time
later. Last night he was arrested- on
complaint of the Southern Pacific offi
cials, and this time he was locked up in
the insane ward of the hospital, where
he is gradually becoming more and more
Insane. v. \.-
Seattle Man Occupies a
Padded Cell, His
Mind Gone.
ALCOHOL DRIVES
TUTHILL INSANE
The witness- testified that in his opinion
the word "arsenic" in the forgea prescrip
tion was in natural handwriting, while
the name "McLaughlin" was disguised.
The attorney for the defense con
fronted the witness with his evidence giv
en before the Coroner, the record show
ing that the witness had said that the en
tire prescription was in a natural hand
writing. Witness Eisenschimmel explained
ths.t the difference in testimony was due
to an error on the part Of the shorthand
reporter who took down the evidence giv
en before the Coroner. The witness said
that the word "prescription" in the rec
ord should have been "description" and
that the evidence before the . Coroner
chould read that there waa no disguise In
the "description." Toe witness explained
Carl Eisenschimmel, the handwriting ex
pert, was called to the witness stand by
the prosecution. He identified the forged
prescription for arsenic as being in the
same handwriting as the examples of
writing of Mrs. Bowers given to the po
lice and also similar to a letter written to
Harry Bowers by Mrs. Martin L. Bow
ers, one of the defendants.
Attorney Drury sought in cross
examination to prove that Drue
Clerk Peterson was mistaken in his iden
tity of Mrs. Sutton and that the descrip
tion he save to the detective led the of
•flcer to bring Mrs. Harry Bowers to the
drug store for identification.
?/£« * ?. Sergeant Thomas L. Ryan
testified to arresting Mrs. Bowers and
her sister. Mrs. Sutton. He also told of
pojng to the drug Ftore at the corner of
Fifth and Clementina streets on the night
of August 27 and finding the forged pre-
Bcripuon for arsenic to which the name
* McLau Sh»n" was attached
Xne witness recounted a number of
conversations held with Mr*. Bowerland
Mrs Sutton at the office of the Chief of
Police, which statements have been pub
lished the gist of the statement* of the
accused women being a general denial of
the theory of the police and prosecution
on the murder of Martin L. Bowere The
detective recounted how he had taken
Mte. Harry Bowers and Mrs. Sutton to
the drug store in question and that Drug
Clerk Peterson had identified Mrs. Sut
ton as the person who had presented the
forged prescription for the arsenic.
WRITING EXPERT OU STAND.
At the close of the examination of Ler
vey Attorney Drury moved to strike out
all the testimony of the witness, and
Judge Cabaniss took the motion under
advisement.
The prosecution failed to prove by Ler
vey a single Incident that would tend to
strengthen the theory that Mrs. Bowers
and her sister had murdered Martin
Bowers by administering arsenic to him
or that love for the witness was the
motive for the crime.
The grist of I^ervey's testimony was
that he had been acquainted with Mrs.
Martin L. Bowers for some months pre
vious to the death of her husband. He
admitted visiting her frequently at her
home and to keeping engagements with
her at a number of saloons. He also
reluctantly testified that Mrs. Bowers had
called on him on the day her husband
died and that he ppent the night at her
home and also the following night. Not
a particle of evidence was produced by
the prosecution to show that anv illicit
relations had existed between Lervey
and Mrs. Bowers, and the prosecution
failed to prove by the witness that he
had the watch of Mrs. Bowers in his
possession when he was arrested by the
police. He admitted that Mrs. Bowers
had given him the watch, and Detective
.Ryan later on testified that Mrs. Bowers
had informed him that she had given the
"natch to Lervcy for safe keeping.
DETECTIVE BYAN TESTIFIES.
Lervey, or O'Leary, hesitated to answer
the many questions put to him. He
ehowed that he was nervous and realized
the position he was placed in. Questions
had to be repeated to him arid read by
the court stenographer, and Judge Ca
baniss was kept busy in explaining the
questions propounded to Lervey and pass
ing upon the rapid-fire ODJectlons of at
torney for the defense.
HESITATES TO ANSWEB.
In order to strengthen the contention of
the u* fense that the actual cause of death
of Martin L. Bowers had not been proved,
the attorneys for Mrs. Bowers and Mrs.
Eutton placed Autopsy Surgeon Bacl
galupi on the witness stand. The doctor
tc-stified that he had only removed the
stomach cf Martin L.. Bowers at the au
topsy and twe portions of the brain for
analysis by" tho City Chemist. So far the
pros'-cutluii has not proved the cause of
death of Bowers to be arsenical
pcisoning. Tho evidence admitted proves
that Bowers' death was due to fatty de
peneration of the kidneys, which might
have been caused by arsenic or by natural
causes or from many other reasons.
Patrick I^rvey. alias O'Leary, was
thtn x>ut on tho witness stand by the
prosecution. Lervey has been in cus
tody of the police for some weeks, and
he proved either a stupid or an unwill
ing witness. His examination by Dis
trict Attorney Byington disclosed nothing
of material value, and the attorneys for
the defense declined to cross-examine
him.
Attorney Drury forced Expert Carl
Eisenchimmei. the man who poses as
as knowing al! about handwriting, to con
t'adict limself. He made the wltners for
the prosecution admit that the testimony
he save yesterday was not the Fame as
he gave before the Coroner in the same
case.
' The day's proceedings were mainly
taken up by Attorney Frank Drury for
the defense, who scored an important
point and succeeded in keeping from the
record considerable testimony that the
prosecution desired to cet in.
Tfte principal witness la the case, Pat
rick IxTvty, alias O'L«eary. on whose tes
timony the prosecution relies to prove a
rnolSve for the murder, was made to
Frtcna a very uncomfortable hour on the
witness stand. Every question made
by the prosecution was met by
& cross-Sre of objections on the
part of th<_- attorney for the defense, and
though JuOge Cabaniss was willing to al
low every latitude in the introduction of
evidence, the defense scored at every
point. Lervty. or O'Leary. as he is
known, madf a poor showing and the
prosecution simply succeeded in proving
by his evidence that he had known Mrs.
Bcwers, the wife of the deceased, for
Fome months and had visited her at her
hem*- and met her at other places. Not a
particle of evidence was elicited from
Lervey to show that he had the slightest
connection with the alleged murder of
Bowers or that he figured in any manner
as a motive for the murder, if Buch took
place.
DEFENSE SCOHES VICTORY.
Further hearing cf testimony in the
case of Mrs. Martha E. Bowers and her
sister, Mrs. Zylphia C. Sutton. charged
\rith the murder of the former woman's
husband, Martin L. Bowers, by the ad
ministration of arsenic, was continued be
fore Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday af
ternoon.
Mrs. Bowers and Mrs. Sutton
Are Unconcerned at
Evidence.
Miss Marie Giorglani, the well-known
organist, , will direct the musical pro-
a MID a wealth^of beautiful floral
/\ and : gay-colored banner decora-
A==\ tlons the Alumnae Association
, of the College of Notre Dame of
San Francisco will hold its first
reunion next Sunday at the college,
j Punctually at 11 o'clock in the morning
members of the association will be called
to crder and the business meeting will be
opened, when reports of officers will be
read and matters pertaining to the asso
ciation will be considered. The businesS
meeting will be followed at 1:30 with a
banquet, during which an impromptu en
tertainment is to be given. Later in the
afternoon a literary and musical pro
gramme will be enjoyed, and then will
come one of the most pleasant offices
when the members present will present to
the Sister Superior a token of their affec
tion.
Prosecution Does Not
Show Motive for
Tragedy.
Alumnae Association to' Celebrate Its First Year on
Sunday in Hall Where Student Honors Were Won
With Grand Banquet and Musical Entertainment
DEFENSE SCORES
IN MURDER CASE
BRILLIANT SCHOLARS OF THE COLLEGE
OF NOTRE DAME TO HOLD A REUNION
A suggestion that hay and other ma
terial in the park be insured was consid
ered by Commissioners Lloyd and Sulli
van. The point was raised that the char
ter did not give the Commissioners au
thority to enter into a contract for in
surance and therefore the policy, if is
sued, might be void.
Bids as follows were received for sup
plying 1500 cubic yards of mission loam
for Columbia Square: Daniel O'Day. 90
cents per cubic yard; Sullivan & Sons. 63
cents; Peter McHugh. 84 cents: A. B.
Clute, 90 cents; J. P. Leonard, 70 cents.
The contract was awarded to Sullivan &
Sons.
The boat concession held by Mrs. Ohni
mus was extended for one year.
IN MEMORY OF SCOTT.
The following resolutions, introduced by
Commissioner Sullivan, were unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, Irvlns M. Scott, one of the former
Park Commissioners, has lately died: and
Whereas, He waa pre-eminently distinguished
for qualities that make for good government
and for a trust such as the Park Commission;
and
Whereas. The ability that wan shown in
the construction of the battleship Oregon was
freely ttiven to the care of Golden Gate Park,
to the end that it might be. with the leaat
possible expense, the pleasure ground of . our
citizens; and
Whereas. This talent was Joined to a nature
strikingly sociable an* gentle; therefore be It
Resolved. That we. the members of this
Park Commission, regret his death as a dis
tinct loss to the community.
Resolved. That this preamble and resolutions
be spread upon the minutes of the beard and
that an engrossed copy thereof be forwarded
to his family. '
Commissioner Sullivan, to whom was re
ferred the matter of the printing of the
report of the Park Commission, submitted
the following:
Every page of the report as printed is full
of grammatical errors and should be revised
and reprinted. There is no necessity far print
ing the long list of shrubs and trees and (low
ers, which fill many pages, and these can.
with advantage, be eliminated. I favor pay
ing the printer, who has in good faith com
pleted the Job, but I think he ought to make
the changes required at the laast possible ex
pense. Kay under $100. ' He tells me that the
report is In type and this can be done. I
The board, on motion of M. Jasper Mc-
Donald, authorized Superintendent John
McLaren to accept the honor of appoint
ment as member of the park census com
mittee of the American Park and Out
door Art Association. The correspond
ence soliciting the services of Mr. Mc-
Laren shows that he is recognized as a
park expert of national renown.
The superintendent was authorized to
purchase sixty-five stone lanterns of a
collection at Kobe, Japan. The price is
$225.
and mufflers should be applied to sup
press the noise. After full discussion, In
which all the Commissioners Joined, a
motion prevailed to refer tne subject to
President Spreckels with instructions to
select a route by which the automobiles
could be run to the Cliff House from the
south drive.
On motion of Commissioner Altraan a
vote of thanks was tendered to Mrs.
Grayson Crane for a valuable contribu
tion to the natural history department of
the Memorial Museum. The collection
embraces many birdskins. Commissioner
A. Altman said it was a beautiful col
lection. The plumage of the birds was
exceptionally attractive. Max Braverman
of Visalia was thanked for a gift of ob
solete paper money and many other
articles. The paper money package con
tained Confederate notes and State bills.
The secretary presented "a report of the
receipts and expenses of the children's
playground for thirteen months ending
July 31, 1903. The receipts were shown to
be 127.039 45. The disbursements were
S20.6S0 07. The profit was therefore $6353 3S.
The Question arose whether the charges
should be reduced or the attractions of
the playground enhanced. Commissioner
Reuben H. Lloyd said the figures of re
ceipt and disbursement were obtained in
order to bring the subject before the
board for definite action. Commissioner
M. Jasper McDonald favored new equip
ment for the quarters— new horses and
new merry-go-round. President Spreckels
suggested the use of electric power instead
of steam and recommended the spending
of the surplus to make the playgrounds
still more attractive. Similar sentiments
were expressed by Commissioners Sulli
van and Altman. On motion Superintend
ent McLaren was authorized to get esti
mates of the cost of new horses, improved
equipment and electric connection.
POLICE PROTECTION NEEDED.
Failure of the city government to afford
adequate police protection in Golden Gate
Park was dwelt upon by the Commission
ers. The members of the board expressed
their minds with refreshing frankness.
President Spreckels remarked that he had
spoken directly to the Chief of Police on
the subject. Mr. Lloyd fancied that the
Chief was not to blame. The trouble was
that the number of policemen was not
sufficient.
SPEED OF AUTOMOBZLES.
Commissioner Lloyd held that the speed
should not exceed eight miles an hour
Commissioner Frank J. Sullivan spoke
of the restriction placed on automobiles
in Prospect Park, Brooklyn. N. Y., where
only one avenue was opened to such ma
chines; He remarked that the history of
the automobile was a history of blood
and advised that measures should - be
adopted to limit the speed of automo
miles on the great highway.
Commissioner Sullivan suggested that
the superintendent be authorized to ex
pend $500 in boring an artesian well to
make sure of more water in the event
of the surface. well becoming exhausted.
The • subject of water" supply for the
park was discussed at considerable length.
The commission decided to invite bids
for another pump. The superintendent
was directed .to go ahead with artesian
well development. It was the judgment
of the board that the windmill had proved
remarkably successful. There Is no steam
or electric power connected with the plant.
The wind furnishes all the power and
the power is greatest during the summer
months, when water Is most needed.- ' t
The board on motion of Commissioner
Lloyd decided to open the iway for auto
mobiles to reach the Cliff House from the
Ocean boulevard or great highway.. The
automobiles are now allowed to. use the
south drive of the park out to the ocean.
It is proposed that an ordinance shall
be framed which will allow the machines
to run along the ocean beach highway
to the north side of the park and thence
via Forty-seventh avenue to Sutro
Heights and the Cliff House. It was
the judgment of the Commissioners that
the direct road from the highway to the
Cliff House was too steep and narrow
and so crowded with carriages and pe
destrians at certain hours that it would
not be prudent to admit automobiles to
that road.
WATER SUPPLY ABUNDANT.
Commissioner Lloyd expressed the opin
ion that the supply of water was abun
dant. There was no expense to speak of
attached to the pumping of the water, as
the wind eave the power.
The Park Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon at the lodge in Golden Gate
Park. All the members of the board at
tended and the president. A. B.' Spreck
els, presided. The board decided by unan
imous vote to put In another pump at
the windmill on the ocean beach. The
additional pump, together with an exten
sion of the well, will cost $2000. It' is
estimated that the pump will cost $1365.
The mill at present raises 20,000 gallons
an hour, lifting the water from the well
to the reservoir one mile distant and 150
feet higher than the plant.
President Spreckels explained that the
supply could be Increased to 40,000 gal
lons per hour by adding another pump to
the plant. He did not entertain the
slightest doubt concerning the capacity
of the well. The constant operation of
the pumps would not exhaust the flow.
•Commissioner McDonald asked if more
water was needed. Mr. Spreckels replied:
"We cannot get too much water, j "We
need all we can get to irrigate that sec
tion of the park near the ocean. We
need it for trees and meadows. There is
a continuous flow of water in the well.
The power of the mill, seventy horse, is
ample to operate another pump and 'we
can at very little expense double our wa
ter supply."
Success of the Dutch Wind
mill Is Recognized by
the Board.
Park Commission Ready
to Grant Certain
Concessions.
LIMIT TO SPEED
OF AUTOMOBILES
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1903.
14
HALE'S. | HALE'S.
Sale School Stockings.
i^c ones at \2)Ac. 25c ones at 20c.
25c misses' stockings at 17c.
School is open now. The boys and girls need heavier stock-
ings. Hale's have 3 special ones they're offering this morning.
At I2j/£c wide and narrow ribbed stockings, in very heavy weight
long and elastic. Every size from 6 to 10. They're stockings that
usually sell at 15c. ¦ &
At 17c are some misses' stockings worth 25c; fine ribbed in medium
weights, extra long and with smooth finish, full fashioned heels and
At 20c are heavy children's stockings." Usually sold at 25c. So heavy
almost hke double thickness, ribbed and elastic. Sizes 6 l / 2 to 10.
Flannelette Wrappers To-Day. S&^jggsg*^
Four items to show you what
Hale's can do. Each of them is £^^^^^^^^^^^^
above the ordinary. For buying in
a lump as these six stores do they
get a leverage on values few con-
cerns in this country get. >v5^^**^fe§T
AT Sl.OO — Are of fine quality flannelette. Bl5P^
turn-down collar, new bishop sleeves. ) * ™r
straight cults, the belt, yoke and cuffs t— *" | J_ // *- _.
trimmed with braid: skirt is full with I Kl r**.s&
AT $1.25 — Are flannelette, with roll collar, |S^w/«p'
full sleeves, new cuffs, fitted ve3t lining. [jM^aOSp
over the shoulders are ruffles, with fancy ( I tf<f? t »S
braid on the yoke, collar and cuffs and •jJW^^s^n^
ruffle; tlcon ruffle on the skirt. jfZ^0r0 i i.'> o i£''>
\T K1.5O — Are of very heavy flannelette, ' Kr<J^-??^f- : JZ' T
with fancy pointed yoke, new military ¦ +<]&&&}
collar deep fancy cuffs, capes over the G?
shoulders, beautifully trimmed with white r
braid, deep flounce on the skirt: reds, Another Great DaV fof
blacks and blues, and Btripes and figures. -.*. " *-"*y fur
AT «1.J>5— Fine heavy flannelette wrap- T* •«;?*-, -~. «. J XJ J.
pers" with round yoke, ruffled, straight mil- I FlITl ITlCCl flatS.
ltary collar, large sleeves, fancy cuffs "~~
trimmed with white braid, full ruffled ~
eklrt - 5475 °nes especially.
100 Sample The variety i7~rkh and broad.
NeCk RuffS TO-DaV. The prices are as low at Hale's now
They're all different. £$£ *" * th * ™« <* «* «-
All in the height of style and But the styles— that's the key-
at an average of half price. *j 6 ™«{Jl $5«j$w£ Thlt
In fine liberty silk and net; some makes these $4.75 hats so remark-
in neck ruffs; others in cape effects, able. Let's look at a few.
50C, $1.00, $1.50, $2.0O, 52.50, $3-5° Here's a black close-fitting Turban of panne
nnH «cno " velvet, edged with chiffon and narrow
ana rhenllle braid, which also forms a rosette—
50c ones are worth 75c and $r.oo. 14.75. " * ">««»—
$I.OO ones are what you would Another stylish etTect in black and white
nnv cn for reetllarlv And SO on. medium-size Turban: brim is of black
pay $1.50 ior reguiari>. j\uu »«" • panne veJvet edse of s0?t bIack and wWte
They are in plain black or wnite material, trimming of nuiiis— 14.75.
and black and white combinations, Another black Turban, with velvet brim,
trimmed in many pretty ways with «£wd J et tnmmin*.
ribbons and laces. A tailored roll, rim stylish. In black stitched
. felt and folds of plush, with chiffon ro-
C4-i<ffa/1 Haroc 1 0r **"*• as weU as black and whit e quills
Ol lilted DaicS lUC. for trimming— $1.75.
They're put up In neat little boxes. In
the dates are grated nuts, which make ' __
them delicious and wholesome. <^^aE^fr&7 ., /ff/ m
They're the usual large rolls, that sell AS/ -^ . — ¦ — -^"^
at 5c. But we make this special price JSt •~^j m^00O_00OO» l^ r
for to-day. Z
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lundstrom
Hats
Are a "home industry" product.
We've our own factory— not a
mythical one, but a real one in
the rear of our Market street
store. Open for your inspection,
too; you'll be welcome If you
call. You'll find our stock large,
varied and up-to-date. Always
the latest novelties as well as
the conservative shapes. We've
two qualities,
$2.50 and $3.50
And we guarantee every hat we
sell. Union made.
Pacific Coast Hat
XXT 1
TV UiJwj
"The Big Busy Hat Shop."
1458 Market Street,
Opposite Central Theater, and
605 Kearny street.
R. McCOY & SON
UP-TO-DATE GROCERS.
SPECIAL SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Fresh Creamery Butter, per sq 4Oe
Good Butter, per sq 3Oc
Folding Lunch Box. reg. 23c 15c
Coffee, fresh roasted, per lb 15c
Tea. English Breakfast, per lb 20c
50 lbs. best Stockton Flour $l.lf»
Fresh Eggs, per doz 3Oc
19 lbs. Dry Granulated Sugar 91.OO
Canned Cream, per can oC
156 NintlT Street.
Phone Folsom 256.
t
SO HEM IAN
KINO"' — BEER>S «
V. SOLD tVBRYWHEKE.
I HILKKKT MfclRCANTICK CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
gpi BBSS
jsHIRTsi
I ARE THE BEST J]
p] AT THE PRICE.!
y CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. ||
gwj , MAKERS p- 1
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIES. CO., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*^£^3> J" Jm—K. \/ CZ^ FT* 1^
$Jsl^&jP Latest Ribbon Novelties Tied l|v!iv^ik
/%%/ 5c Yard ~~| Ribbon I 20c Yard j
///#/ B00O yards of FAN- D ncoe F A N C Y STRIPED
Uf/ff CT WASH RIBBON on I\Uac5> AND DRESDEN \\Yk.
JIN Special Sale; -3 inches ii nj>. WASH RIBBON; 4 to v\\V
jifljl ;'.-. wide 5c AIL 7 inches wide -Oc \\V\
Ul ¦ KIMIT" UNDERWEAR Ml
I I 98 Cents I Priced Within I baSr^SJn
I II IMPORTED WOOL p oao L rt f fill VESTS; fleeco lined; • I
I VESTS; long sleeves; ¦ IxgdCil Ol All ions sleeves; heavy jj
II all colors. ¦ - weight.
I The Season's Most Favored Fashions
THRILLING NEW LACE COLLARS— We have collected some of the best fl
BARGAINS in the extra large Venlse and Irish Point Styles; round or with
long, etole ends; in white, cream and Arab, at . |
-H $1.75. $2.50 and $3.50 1 |
| Beauties in Veiling Handkerchief Find
I OQa k^3?ra?.h-5S^?ul O*\ |st1tched S ha H nd:
jU -f^-i|C i iV, f^ Ushades:1^ -fifi KERCHIEFS; excel-
\\m Ui/U | yards long. | OU ¦ \ lent quality of lawn. |
II CORSETS— EXTRA OFFERS:
f A|>A - WARNER'S CORSET. I A . _ j~ W. B. CORSET. I
MH PI "It Extended hip; hose VI KM Latest etyle front:
y OliZO S r t t e1v 8 sh^e C d hed:eX ' :- OllUU sTz r is eCt ahape; »" | '
ii STRIKIMG BELT SPECIALS
II ill " ' •' ; ' «_ -#» ¦*¦• Latest style in SILK
I/Jfll _ A princess • 9nP nflf 7nP braided belts and
IN II '"Klin LOOP BELT. tvlUj OUlljIJbj PEAC DE SOIE
H Hi 'nilli Latest fall novelty; Cl (10 Ol CO BELTS. Gilt and oxi- i
1111 ****** colors. black and OliUUi OliOUi dized buckle front and I
IHUI white. - ' ¦ I ' I back. 1
ii HERE'S ANOTHER TREMENDOUS BARGAIN
III 1 STOCK COLLARS — As they came to us somewhat late in delivery, rT<-»
lij II selling price instead of 25c... Ov
(111 ' "GOOD QUALITY, HOSIERY,' from a well-known mill. They are all sam-
I II ** pies and the most perfect, goods.
n Ladies' Red Lace Hose. Children's School Hose. Ladies' Plain Black Hose.-
1 F^I^redI 12^" Cents IS.Ccnts
I LACE HOSE on spe- , -' BICYCLE Made of finest grade
| clal sale for "to-day; RIBBED HOSE.. of cotton; fast . black;
Ml. double heel and toe., " V. All sizes. . double heel and toe.
1 | TRADING STAMPS GIVEN WITH "EVERY PURCHASE.
[J ,"v""-;**; : SEND FOR OUR FALL AND WINTER CATALOGUE.
I tt >^fr fc yf 1% D U C D DA C ' 220-22-24 M arkct St. '^^
y^&Zyfy IVlAKlXO DKUO. Bet. Taylor and Jones. $Tv^/ '
fa/r CLOSED ALL DAY TUESDAY, SEPT. 23.',