VOLUME £CrV— TsO. 52.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., July 21.— A bloody
battle was narrowly averted in the moun
tains . six miles north of Thermopolls to
day, when Sheriff Fenton transferred Jim
McLoud, the alleged murderer of Ben
Effort to Hold Up
Wyoming Depu-
I» ties Fails.
PRISONER'S
LIFE SAVED
BY OFFICERS
Thoughts of Woma*iVide Expressions of
Sympafhy Cause Jfiying Pontiff to
BeamLikeaHap^^Child.
POPE LEQ 11EJOICES IM mS€mSING HOimS
OVER TRIUMPH OF HIS POLICY' OF PEACE
: Dr.'Baccelll, the Minister of Commerce,
who is ' a : celebrated r physiclanVTias"al-.
ways been an opponent of. the^ papacy, but
ho' made an" open offer of his services if it
seemed .that his., skill .-could do anything
to avert, "so great a catastrophe as the
death of -Leo.'!- v'" •*• •'¦¦¦ * < * < T
As ;f or • the-' pebple of^Rome, ' Cardinal
Rampblla ; saysr itiey^ 'never ' T knew > how
much' they" loved" '.'Papa PeccP'Cuntll; \\
really .appeared j that : his ; Holiness ' ' was
mor^ai like' the« rest, of ; mankind. 4 - < , ;
;. Cardinal: Tripepl -is > certain; .that/: the
Pope's fervor 'while" receiving* the',"viatl-'
cum" 'left an" V Impression 1 on' ¦¦ the: Cardinals
Is > believed by; the Cardinals! to .have.at
tained » the:. highest level of • sound t and
brilliant- journalism; with the papal" crisis:
Continued on Page 4, Column 2.
ROME, July 21.— The .Vatican authorities
are very much pleased with the messages
of condolence received . from i Secretary
Hay. They feel a special gratification
over messages from Protestant -countries
or those having no representative ; of | the
Holy See. • '>'-:>*.-.- ' '
Pleased by Hay's' Tribute.
.Director Wilkins stated to-night i that
he was^at a loss to understand the affair,
but thought Donohue must have met with
foul play.
accountable manner, on Saturday even
ing, the l£th inst. I have caused an in
quiry to be made and have so far ascer
tained the following facts: Young Dono
hue started back to the prison from town
at 11:20 p. m. so as to get back 'for' duty
at 12 p. m. Those who saw him say he
was entirely sober, and this is tho last
that was seen of him. ~ He had consider
able money on his person," and while in
town displayed twenty-dollar gold pieces
at several places. There were- Beveral
tough characters about town that evening,
attracted thither by a picnic and dance
which took place in the vicinity.
"Donohue was seen in . company with
some of them before he left town and it is
likely that he has met with foul play. I
am making a rigid Investigation of the
affair." / /- '
Prison Director J. H. Wilkins is in re
ceipt of a letter from Warden Wilkinson
reciting the facts of the attache's disap
pearance and asking for any information
possible. The letter is as follows:
"Represa, Cal., July 20.— Hon. J. H.
Wilkins— Dear Sir: J. J^Donobue, a man
from your county, disappeared in an -un-
Folsom concurs in this opinion. Donohue
lived in this county and his parents re
side in Tomales. He has not been heard
of in Tomales and Inquiry there utterly
fails to elicit any solution of the mys
tery.
At 7 o'clock in the evening the Govern
ment forces arrived near the center of
Ciudad Bolivar. For two hours previous
ly firing had diminished, but it was heav
ier at 11 o'clock and Illuminated the sky.
At 3 o'clock in the morning, when the
inhabitants of the commercial and for
eign parts of the city, near the Ala
meda, eaw the advance* of the Govern
ment troops, they abandoned their homes
and sought refuge in other parts of the
city, crossing the streets amidst a hall
of bullets and shells, the women carrying
their children, the strong helping the
All the roads and streets run
ning to the Capitol are guarded by
government troops and the escape
of the revolutionists after the cap
ture of the Capitol, which is in
evitable, seems impossible. They
must either surrender or die.
At 7 o'clock to-night the Cus
tom-house was taken after a ten
hour fight. A correspondent count
ed sixty killed as a result of this
fight
The Dal ton block, where the
American Consul and many for
eign business houses are located,
was carried at 5 o'clock. The
revolutionists are without provis
ions and water. Their situation
is considered desperate and hope
less. The shops are being pillaged.
*
CITY 2?aw IN BUTE'S
Heartrending Scenes as Assault Is
Hade by Invaders. t
SOLEDAD, Venezuela. Monday. July 20,
19 a. m.— Since the last dispatch was sent
at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon, the bat
tle between the revolutionary forces at
Ciudad Bolivar and the Venezuelan Gov
ernment army, commanded by General
Gomez, has raged madly. Block after
block v.-as destroyed, the Government
troops entering the city slowly. All the
houses had been barricaded and the rev
olutionists had been forced from fiat roofs
called azotoas.
When the revolutionists finally abandon
ed the houses, after having taken all
that cculd,.be used for barricades or to
otherwise stop the advance of the Gov
ernment troops* they were immediately
occupied \,y the Government, soldiers,
who bored b!g holes In them, so as to
communicate with the next house. The
city appears to have been struck by a
cyclone. .
At the same time General Rivas,
General Gomez's chief lieutenant,
with 2300 men, succeeded in de
stroying a barricade erected
around the Miranda plaza, the key
to the Capitol, where all the sur
vivors of the revolution were con
centrated.
SOLEDAD, Venezuela, Mon
day, July 2O, 7 p. m.— The fight
ing in Ciudad de Bolivar from
I o'clock this afternoon has
been horrible, and at this hour the
only places that still resist the on
set of the government troops are
the jail and the Capitol.
Early in the afternoon the gov
ernment troops, which had re
ceived all the reinforcements
available, together with ammuni
tion, and which numbered in all
5200 men. were ordered to make
a general attack upon all positions
still held by the rebels. At 5
o'clock this afternoon the Zamora,
called the Sebastopol of Ciudad
Bolivar, was stormed and cap
tured. Ninety-four dead rebels
were found inside, among them
being General Azanza, one of the
revolutionary leaders, whose head
had been blown off by a shell. It
is impossible to render an idea- of
the carnage which occurred at this
point.
Desperate Fighting Reddens
the Streets of Ciudad
Bolivar.
SAN RAFAEL, July 21.— The friends of
J. J. Donohue, the guard at Folsom
Prison who is missing,, feel sure that he
was murdered. Warden Wilkinson of
Special XMtpatch to The Call.
Warden of Folsom
Thinks a Man
Was Slain.
Revolutionists Defy an
Army From City
Strongholds.
Venezuela's Forces
Cause Terrible
Carnage.
MURDERERS
MAY GUARD
A MYSTERY
REBELS FALL
AMID CRASH
OF CANNON
OME, July 21.— Cardinal Ram poll a,
A; -S interviewed by the correspondent
Fm^ of- the Catholic Journal this
i^ morning, said:
."Leo - lived to witness >the
triumph of his policy of peac&— an experi
ence' which- filled him with an ineffable
sense of gratitude and Joy. Tho .world's
tribute- to the church, as 'exemplified by
tho papacy of recent years, cpntrlbuted'a
warmth, to the Pope's final. hours which
the hand of death could not, chill. Many
times | during, his illness, we found, his
Holiness beaming like a happy child and
learned on inquiry : that he was v thinking
of the messages which were arriving' from
every: part of the earth, testifying to the
unity.- of : Catholics and to • their devotion
to the Holy : See. ; 'J
"Protestant- messages of appreciation;
many, of : which were, strong and, earnest,
deeply gratified his ' Holiness. '•• He regard
ed theni: as: indicating > that the mists of
prejudice : . were 1 dissolving /and . .that'\in
telligent people in'alhlands'were^acquir
ing ability to, see moreclearly* in religious
matters. ,. Leo's jj unfaltering and ,unques
tioning faith on the : threshold : of the.fu
ture-Is aii-'exaample; of r spiritual' ascend-,
ency^that" surpasses 'description". 1 ' 'p'/^'yV, \
f- .MEMOBIES ; THAT\; SURVIVE. ; .'
.* Many beneficent 'memories^survive"; the
pain '. and '/ excitement""' of . the ;¦ past " few
weeks. The. Liberal' pVeWs, .which Catholics'
accuse of. haying : harped? at,; sneered ; ; at
and prevaricated ; about' Leo * for a" quarter
of -a century.'has 'overflowed' with rever
ence and .• admiration ',f or/ him". In" hls^role
of Pontiff 'when '.he .was 1 stricken with dis
eased ¦ ': The.Glb'rnale DJItalia, in particular,'
VENERABLE DEAN AND NOTED MEMBERS 'OF THE COLLEGE ,OF. CARDINALS, ONE- OF WHOM MAY : BE
ELECTED TO THE SUCCESSORSHIP TO THE THRONE OFST.' PETER>BY'THE 'CONCLAVE CALLED-TO
FILL THE VACANCY CAUSED BY LEO'S DEATH. -'¦ • ¦ . : " - ' v --..
Continued on Page 2, Column" 3.
EVERETT. Wash- July 21. — Tho
bodies of Misses Solomon and Warner
and P. G. Foster, who were drowned
Suqday by the overturning of a sail
boat, were recovered to-day a few feet
from where they went down. Both
young - women were found clinging • to
Foster.
Everett Bodies Becovered.
• OYSTER BAY,. N. ,Y.. July 21.— The re
ported Invitation to the Prince and Prin
cess of" Wa!es" to; Visit this country and
to . be the' guests of President Roosevelt,
it-can': be^said.- is .without foundation in
fact.* It is said to -be quite unlikely that
any such visit is in contemplation by the
Prince > and ." Princess' of ; Wales.
SON. OF . KING*- EDWARD
HAS NOT BEEN INVITED
BERLIN, July 21.— The news that the
Chicago police have discovered a plot
against the Emperor was a complete sur
prise to .the Berlin officials, who preserve
an air of the greatest mystery and do not
indicate! the steps they intend taking, but
express • great appreciation of Chicago's
vigilance and prompt""" communication.
They are evidently arranging for the ap
prehension of the suspected persons, who
are in Sweden.
News From Chicago Police Surprises
Them and They Act With
Mystery.
BEBLIN AUTHORITIES
WATCH FOB ASSASSINS
Scouts guarded the advance, the front
and the rear and either flank, but when
thecattlemen saw that. the soldiers were
alert. for, battle they quietly slipped away
and by making a detour carried Therm
opolls. With them. was Tom O'Day, the
notorious \ character, who Is alleged to
have been mixed up In the killing of Mln
nick and for whom Sheriff Fenton has a
warrant. *.'
.McLoud '.was at: once, placed in the cell
formerly* occupied by . Walters, the con
demned-murderer, ¦ who was shot to
death byja mob' Sunday morning, and a
strong guard, placed about" trie Jail.
expecting a battle.
Mlrnick, from the city jail at Thermopolls
to the county Jail at Basin.
Sheriff Fen ton left Tne'rmopoiis at 6
o'clock' with \ his prisoner under the es
cort of the Basin Light Artillery of forty
men, and fifty deputies. Armed men had
been sent out at sunrise and they report
ed that a .large force of cattlemen and
the ; friends of -McLoud were camped on
the, trail near Cottonwood Creek and from
preparations being made they intended
to; hold up. the Sheriff and his party and
deliver, the prisoner. Consequently when
Fenton ' left Thejrmopolis he went ahead
LONDON, July 22. — The Times this
morning says it is anticipated in official
circles that Parliament will be dissolved
early in the next session and that an
election will occur early in March.
In connection with tnls announcement
rumors were current yesterday that
Premier Balfour Intended In October to
make a strong speech in support of
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain's fiscal
programme, and that thereupon Chan
cellor of the Exchequer Ritchie and the
other free trade Ministers would re
sign, which course* virtually compels
Mr. Balfour to resign also and recom
mend a dissolution of Parliament.
Rumors Current in London That the
Dissolution of Parliament
Is Near.
BALFOXJB MAY PLAN"
TO RESIGN HIS POST
Geronimo Is an enthusiastic worshiper
and is said to have made a public con
fession of his many bloody deeds com
mitted when he and his tribe were on the
warpath. He has issued a proclamation
to his people urging them to give up
dancing and other worldly amusements
and repent of their sins. Geronimo'a
change of heart has caused a sensation
among the Indians of Oklahoma and In
dian Territory.
AUSTIN, Tex., July a.— Deputy Sheriff
F. C. Carter of Lawton, Okla., who was
here to-day, says that Geronimo, the no
torious chief of the Apache Indiana, who
led General Miles and the United States
troops long and desperate chases through
out Arizona several years ago, has be
come a convert to religion at Fort Sill,
and that he has united with the Methodise
church.
Imprisoned Apache With a Bloody
Becord Becomts a Worshiper
and Confesses.
N0T0KI0US GEK0NIM0
IS NOW A METHODIST
There are signs that there may afaln
be some delay in completing the triumph
of Secretary Hay in getting these open
ports. Japan seems to nave been left
completely out of the matter and cables
report that the Japanese Government la
seeking a new arrangement with Great
Britain by which these two Governments
shall make a demand on Russia, not for
two, but for five ports.
LONDON. July 22.— The Standard's
Odessa correspondent sends a report that
120,000 troops are being mobilized from
central and northern garrisons in Russia
for immediate dispatch to the Far East it
He also reports that immediately upon
the return of General Kuropatkln a spe
cial council of state, which will be attend
ed by the Czar, will discuss Manchurlan
and cognate questions.
WASHINGTON, July ZL-Offlclal Wash
ington continues to be somewhat mysti
fied by the interview which Count Cas
sinl. the Russian Embassador, gave in
Paris and which was published to-day.
Count Cassini said that at his interview
with Secretary of State Hay, when the
latter called upon him on Sunday, Juno
28, they only casually mentioned the mat
ter of open ports in Manchuria and that
the call was but an informal one. Wash
ington has been led to believe that the
call of Secretary Hay, which was very
unusual in view of the fact that the Sec
retary of State only on one previous oc
casion had called on an Embassador, was
in the nature of an official call.
The impression, too, was given out. and
that impression was not discouraged by
Count Cassini, that the Manchurian ques
tion had been discussed and /that when
Secretary Hay departed little was left to
be done excepting the designation of the
ports which should be opened.
Remarks Made by Embas
sador About Secretary
Hay Yet a Puzzle.
Garrisons Send Forth
a Hundred Thous
and Troops.
Tremendous Army
v Now Being Mo
bilized,
WAR SIGNAL
IS AWAITED
BY RUSSIA
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, ; JTJLY 22, 1903.
The San Francisco Call.CHOBUS OF TOLLING BELLS.
The quiet of the evening was broken by
a chorus such as the world has "seldom
heard, On the stroke of 8 all of Rome's
400 churches commenced to toll bells for
the' passing of the soul of Leo XIII. In
from the seven hills and from every
quarter- of the city which - contained
churches came the constant cla:ig, until
all was one vast reverberation. The
harsh. Jingle of. the smaller chapel bells
striking quickly and more, of ten. was not
drowned by the solemn strokes that came
in mourning measure., f md .. the great
dome of St Peter's. It .was as if a great
fire raged and every bell in Rome were
vying with every other in anxiety t to
warn the populace. Except In this com
mon motive and common sorrow it was an
amazing Cdcord, which continued an hour
and which will recur nightly until the ob
sequies arc over. 1
The vUc#ra of Pope Leo. which to-<Jay
were placed In an earthen urn and pro
visionally deposited in the - crypt of St.
Peter 1 *, ,was removed at midnight to a
magnificent urn which, carried by Mon
signors Marzolllnl and Angel!, was taken
In :»'. Vatican carriage to the Church of
St.: Vincent Anastasius. . The mysteriously
picturesque scene was. such as is possible
only In Rome. The. carriage was met at
the door of .the church by priests carrying
torches, 5 which flared In .the breezes, the
flickering light having a • weird effect on
the j faces ; of those present. The . viscera'
of; all : the Popes, ; except i Plus . IX. * were
deposited In this church, which was se
lected because it stands . In ' the • parish
of the Qulrinal, formerly the home of the
To-morrow morning the diplomatic body,
the high dignitaries and the Roman aris
tocracy will enter the hall to pay - their"
tributes of respectito all that remains of
the Pope who won the respect and ; af-
Leo's physicians : say that the Pontiff
showed himself a marvel of patience and
Obedience. Dr..Lapponl said:
"He followed our orders with perfect
docility and. took the . food we. prescribed,
though he often felt disgusted with all
food. He helped to remove his own
clothing whenever we wished- to make
an examination. . He constantly excused
himself for the trouble he was giving.
When- he crept out of bed two or three
times to get books from the library, he
answered our. remonstrances by saying
that he had finished his sleep and wished
to amuse himself without troubling the
weary watchers."
The body of Leo XIII lies to-night In
the hall of the throne room, a few steps
from the room, in which his death took
place. . The same vestments — the hood, the
rochet and , the white , gown, which were
put on yesterday— cover the form, .which
rests In semi-state, surrounded * by ' the
lighted candles, the noble guard and
Franciscan penitentiaries.
PATIENT IN SUFFERING.
spiritual food for the rest of their lives.
Another distinguished prelate,' who knelt
In the antechamber during the moving
scenes that preceded L^o's "death, said
this morning that he was thrilled by hear
ing the Pontiffs voice repeating... thTj
formula of the confessional, "Mea culpa.
mea maxima culpa"— "My guilt, ''my very
great guilt"— in tones of most beseeching
humility.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
New York City has more Jcws'lhan
Jerusalem an4 London together.
Office for Marlborough.
LONDON, July 21.— It Is announced that
the Duke of Marlborough has been ap
pointed Under Secretary of State for the
colonies.
Mr. tnd Mft. A. W. Garrett, Mr. and Mrs.
John Favour, Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Rowland.
Mr. and Mr*. George H. Warfleld. Mr. and
Mrs. R. E. Baer. Mr. and Mrs. John McDon
ough, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hone. Mr. and Mrs.
J. Sllberstetn, Mr. and Mrs. William Rowland.
Mr. and Mrs. Janes Seawell, Mr. and Mrs C
L. Kimball, Mr. and Mrs. F.~ W. Cooke.
Colonel Fairbanks. Major Ducat. Dr. Sebwell
Dr. Weaver, E. M. Norton. J. C. Keene. Miss
HoslHne Moore. Mies Mabel Eeawell, Miss
Walters, Misses Hicks, Miss Gum. Miss Smith
Miss Minnie Rowland, Mrs. Luce. Mltces Luce.
Mies Annie King. Misses Veva. . and Alice
Halgh, Miss Jennie Burger. Miss Violet
Lutdke. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hazen. Mr and
Mrs. H. W. Cummlnrs.
Colonel Hayes at a banquet this
evening thanked the citizens' committee
and the people of Healdsburg for the
courtesies extended to the regiment. He
said the camp and the conveniences
afforded were the best they had
ever had, and every member of the
regiment was thoroughly enjoying himself
and greatly profiting by the instruction.
Colonel Hayes' address was responded to
by the members of the committee, and
in the response they expressed the feel
ing of the entire community.
Colonel Fairbanks, the old colonel of the
Fifth, was also present, and said that he
had never witnessed a more instructive
or more enjoyable camp. The invited
guests were:
HEALDSBURG, July 21.— The Fifth
Infantry Regiment of the National Guard
is making the most of this year's encamp
ment and officers and men are combining
with a season of profitable military' in
struction a time of social pleasure and
healthful recreation.
Officers and Men 'Are Combining
Social Recreation With Useful
• Military Instruction.
FIFTH REGIMENT MAKES
MOST OF ITS ENCAMPMENT
SANTA CRUZ, July CL— The work of
the Twin Lakes Baptist Assembly com
menced In earnest this morning with a
large attendance. Rev. B. B. Jacques of
the Baptist chapel car Emmanuel led the
boys' and girls' Bible class at 9 o'clock,
which was followed by the teachers'
training class, led by Rev. A. P. Brown
of Fresno. The subject under discussion
this morning was "The Religious Educa
tional Association and its Mission."
Rev. A. J. Frost of Wisconsin con
ducted the study at 11 o'clock. The sing
ing was led by Rev. L. A. Driver of Reno.
This evening the lecture was on Shafts
bury by Rev. H. J. Vosburgh of Oak
land.
BAPTIST ASSEMBLY IN
SESSION AT SANTA CRUZ
Work Commences in Earnest and
Many Participate in Various
Exercises of Day.
Baldwin will probably be all right
again in a few weeks, for he insisted on
being taken home in a carriage, despite
his injuries, which are severe because
of his age.
PASADENA. July 21. — EL J. — better
known the State over as "Lucky"
— Baldwin this evening narrowly
escaped death in a runaway. He
was driving on South Fair Oaks
avenue in company with Colonel
Hennessy when his horse, a young and
nervous beast, took fright at an electric
car. Baldwin could not manage the ani
mal, which ran, throwing both men vio
lently to the pavement
Baldwin landed on his back and arm
and was stunned. He was taken to the
Pasadena Hospital and cared for. It was
found that no bones were broken. Hen
nessy, who was less severely hurt,
caught the horse and later drove home.
y^OME. July 21.— The body, of Pope
g Leo to-day reposed In the cham
#<r^ ber where his last death-struggle
¦* took place, which for the time
being has been transformed Into
a mortuary' chapel. Late .this afternoon
the body of Pope Leo was embalmed and
clothed in full* pontifical jobes, prepara
tory to the funeral obsequies.
Through the night and early morning
many simple emblems of grief had been
displayed, but the main thoroughfares did
not present a spectacle of general mourn
ing. No flags were half-masted and no
buildings were shrouded In crepe, as
when the Imperial rulers pass away. The
Corso and other busy centers presented
the customary scenes of animation.
It was in the poorer sections of the city
that the evidences of grief were more
manifest. Entering the Borgeo district,
leading to the Vatican, the hum of •ex
citement attending the" event was more
apparent. A steady stream of carriages,
bearing Cardinals and diplomats, swung
through the narrow lane called the Via
Borgeo, leading to the piazza of St
Peter's.
Coming now to the piazza of St Peter's
a scene of vital Interest began to unfold
itself. There was not the slightest evi
dence of bustle or confusion. The vast
expanse enclosed within the stately col
onnade looked majestic In Its serenity.
Although groups of people hurried hither
and thither, their presence was complete
ly lost in the Immensity of the whole.
NO SIGNS OF MOURNING.
Nowhere about the . Esplanade was
there the slightest outward sign of
mourning, neither on thej church front nor
on the columns of the dooYs of the Vat
ican. The main entrance of the Vatican
showed the chief evidence of activity.
As the equipages drove up with distin
guished prelates the' heavy iron, chains
continued to l4op back the crowds leaving
a narrow aisle for the arriving digni-
taries. pack of .the chafns were massed
a crowd of. curious sightseers/- The of
ficial presence of the Italian' soldiery was
kept noticeably; in" the background. : -. At
the foot of the stone steps stood an .of
ficer of Italian grenadiers in fatigue uni- ;
form and cap. with. a small detachment
of troops bo broken; Into squads that they*
did not have the appearance uf being in
martial array. With them .were the Vat
ican and municipal troops in somber uni
forms, with broad chapeaux, some tipped
with little olue pompoms. The ponderous
doors of the Vatican were closed. The
only means of ingress was a small open
ing which had been cut through the solid
bronze bas reliefs. 'Behind this tiny en
trance, only wide enough to admit a single
person, stood a Swiss guard with fixed
bayonet. As the Cardinals and diplomats
came up they went to the tiny door,
knocked and were admitted. Outside these
favored few the exclusion was absolute.
PREPARING LEO'S TOMB.
Inside the magnificent church of St.
Peter could be heard the sound of ham
mer and chisel already preparing Leo's
temporary tomb. A massive wooden plat
form had been rolled into the basilica,
reaching half way to the celling, to the
left of the nave. Around this rough'
staging stood a crowd waichlng a half
dozen workmen prepare the niche in
which Leo's coffin will soon rest. High
above the niche they had driven into the
solid masonry three enormous steel hooks
from which the tackle will be operated to
hoist the coffin into placo. The resting
place for the casket-; Is a marble slab,
about fifteen feet! above the pavement,
forming the upper casement of one of the
massive door*. On either side are great
marble cupjds. while the light comes
dimly from above from two domes sur
rounded by exquisite mosaics, one show
ing the apostles and saints and the other
an angelic chorus. Two workmen pound-
Pope Rejoices Over Triumph of His Peace Policy.
WORKMEN INVADE CHAPEL.
Within tho right nave still another
preparation for the Pope's obsequies was
going on. This was the preparation of
the Chapel of the Holy Sacrament for re
ceiving his body after Its removal from
the Vatican. Cardinal Respighl, the Vi
car of Rome, had given orders for these
arrangements. Although Cardinal Oreglia
has supreme command of the interests of
the church, it is Cardinal Respighi who
has been given immediate charge of the
personal affairs relating to the dead Pope,
Accordingly, the beautiful chapel was for
the time being invaded by sweepers and
cleaners, who poured buckets of water on
the mosaic pavement and began scouring
it. . The front of the chapel is cut off from
the main church by a massive trestle,
through which the faithful can look upon
the altar within. This is of solid brass,
with heroic brass kneeling angels. Be
neath It is a space where Leo's coffin will
be deposited when it comes from the Vati
can. This space Is so small that the foot
of the casket will extend to the iron trel
lis. The purpose of this arrangement is
to carry out the ancient ceremony by
which the actual foot of the dead Pontiff
will extend through the Iron barriers, to
permit the kneeling, faithful to approach
and kiss the last remnant of former pa pah
authority through It. This morning people
crowded about the grating and gazed at
the preparations going on within.
ed and called out .their commands In
strange contrast with >the solemn sur
roundings. VThe interior of the church
was as, yet undraped with mourning. The
massive crimson hangings had been re
moved,'-Bringing out" the ghastly white
ness pf the marble nave.* At .the further
end could .be seen groups 'of priests,
kneeling about the tomb of St. Peter,
where scores of tapers. burn unceasingly.
Only the usual masses were said during
the morning, as the ceremonials Jn con
nection with the death of the Pope have
yet to be arranged.
Loses Control of Horse
and Is Thrown Out
of Carriage.
The other counties to be heard from
are Alameda. Santa Clara, San Luis
Obispo, Sonoma. Stanislaus. Butte. Cala
veris, Del Norte, El Dorado. Fresno,
Lassen. Riverside. Trinity and Tuol
umne.
A careful compilation of the figures cf
those Assessors who have sent in the.r
reports shows that the property
increase as given by them is
$22,385,550. but there are still fifteen
counties to be heard from, and an in
formal report from Los Angeles states
that values in that county have in
creased $50,000,000.
SACRAMENTO. July 21. — Property
returned for taxation In the State of
California has increased during the past
year at least 580,000.000. and this sum
may be swelled to 5100,009,000 by tire
time all of the counties in the State
have been heard from. These figures are
based on the returns made by the As
sessors of the State as received up to
date, and semi-official reports from those
counties which have not as yet pre
sented their reports to the State Board
of Equalization.
Will Not • Seek to Exert Influence
Upon the Conclave.
PARIS, July 'SI.— The Associated Press
Is authorized by the French Foreign Of-
FRANCE TO BE PASSIVE.
Continued on Page 3.
POPE'S WILL NOT OPENED.
ROME. July r.-The will of Leo XIII
has not been opened. Consequently all
reports concerning It and the million3 he
Is s^ld to have left to the church are not
authenticated.
A death mask was taken to-day by
Commendator Galll. director of rtie Vati
can Museum. The delicate work was suc
cessfully executed and the result is con
sidered highly satisfactory. For some
time If was believed no death m«k
would be taken, but the great sorrow ex
pressed over the first decision not to
have such a precious memento Influenced
the family of the Pope to reconsider and
change their tarller decision.
SPEAKS ON BOER WAR— Captain Henry.
formerly with the Boers during the late war.
delivered a lecture on the Boers *nd British at
the German Lutheran Church, Eddy and Gougb
streets, last nlsfct. ; . ¦-
Workmen Are Preparing the Tomb to^ Vficewe the
Bodyof&d/&&eo^XIII.\t
Property in State Shows
Gain This Year of
$100,000,000.
PERMANENT TOMB OF POPE LEO XIII IN THE MAGNIFICENT BASILICA OF ST. JOHN LATERAN. FOL
LOWING THE LATE PONTIFF'S EXPRESSED WISH- THE NICHE IN WHICH THE BODY WILL LIE WILL
CORRESPOND TO THAT WHEREIN REST THE MORTAL REMAINS OF POPE INNOCENT III.
NEW YORK. July 2L-After a short
session, dealing only with business of
pressing importance, the Board of Alder
men to-day passed resolutions expressing
profound grief at the death of Pope Leo
XIII. and authorizing a special committee
to co-operate in holding memorial ser
vices.
Aldermen Pass Resolutions.
LONDON. July 21.— King Edward has
commanded Irish Secretary Wyndham to
express to Cardinal Logue. the Arch
bishop of Armagh and Primate of all
Ireland, his Majesty's deep regret at the
news of the death of the Pope, and to
ask his Eminence to convey to the Sacred
College his Majesty's sincere regrets.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 21.— The Rus
sian press unanimously praises Pope.
Leo's catholicity of view, his comprehen
sion of the historical mission of the pa
pacy, his grasp of social problems and
his unfailing interest In everything fur
thering the peaceful progress of mankind.
These, together with the late Pope's
quick perception, strong will and temper
ate, politic disposition. Justify, the papers
add. jrlvir/g him. the title of "the great
Pope."
. THE HAGUE, July 21.— The Foreign
Minister this morning personally express
ed the condolences of the Government to
the Papal Charge d'Affaires. who notified
Queen Wilhelmlna. of the'Pdpe's death.
The flags of the various legations were
placed at half-mast. ;
• MADRID, July 21.— King Alfonso to-day
visited the Papal Nuncio to present his
condolences 'on the death of the Pope.
at Leo's Death.
British Euler Expresses Deep Begret
KINO EDWARD GBIEVES.
LARGE INCREASE
IN VALUATIONS
Thousands of people lined the streets
and wharves cf Kingstown awaiting the
errlx-al cf their Majesties. While they
were gathering a note cf mourning was
Eoursfled amid the general rejoicings. It
came from the great bell of the Roman
Catholic Church of St. Michael, which
was tolled solemnly In memory of the
Pope, whose death undeniably mars the
spontaneity cf welcome. His Majesty
raid he remembered the kindness with
which his Holiness had so recently re
ceived him and the interest which Pope
Leo took in the welfare of the English
people.
It was late in the afternoon when the
viceregal lodge was reached. Their Maj
esties lunched with the Lord Lieutenant
end the day's prograirme was concluded
vfth -a formal visit by their Majesties to
the Duke of Connaught.
The whole day's proceedings were not
trarred by any unpleasant incident- be
> ond the ceremony of handing the keys of
the city to the King. The City Hall alone
cf all public buildings was not decorat
ed. To-morrow will be devoted to re
ceiving addresses from public bodies and
to the levee, which will be held in the
Castle at noon.
DUBLIN. July ZL— The entry of King
Edward and Queen Alexandra into Dub-
Jin was made the occasion for a general
holiday. The decorations of the city sur
passed anything hitherto attempted, not
excepting Queen Victoria's last visit. The
grandstands erected at various places
vere crcuded, while the people were
massed en the sidewalks. Their Majesties
continuously bowed their acknowledg
ments to the warm greetings, especially
at the College Green, which was packed
ty a multi|ude of people. '
"LUCKY" BALDWIN
HAS CLOSE CALL
BALTIMORE. July 21.— This was a
great day for the thousands, of Elks at
tending the national reunion' of their or- ,
der, and the consensus of opinion is that
the present meeting Is the most enthus
iastic and successful in the history of the,
organization. From .eaxly in the day
numerous bands marched through the
streets and were followed by multitudes
of applauding people. '• .; ¦'• — ¦ -
At Elks' Hall there was a surging
mass of people golri~g and coming con
tinuously, while all the hotels and cafes
were filled with crowds. }£lk badges and
other devices of the order were visible
everywhere and there, was , : scarcely a
business house that was not gaily deco
rated. It is estimated that there are 30.
000 Elks in the city. - , .
At the session of the Grand Lodge
which continued until after 9 p. m., the
following officers were elected: Grand
exalted ruler. Joseph T. Fanning, India
napolis, Ind.; grand esteemed leading
knight, Charles A. Kelly, Boston; grand
esteemed loyal knight, Richard J. Wood.
Sioux Falls. S.D.; grand esteemed lectur
ing knight, C. F. Tomlinson. Winston, N.
C: grand secretary, George A. Reynolds,
Eaginaw. Mich- (tenth term); grand
treasurer. Samuel H. Needs, Cleveland.
O.; grand tyler. .Charles W. Kaufman.
Hoboken, N. J. (re-elected); Robert W.
Brown. Louisville. Ky.. was elected a
grand trustet to serve three years.'
The selection of next year's meeting
place will be decided to-morrow. Resolu
tions of sorrow upon the death of Pope
Leo were adopted. The. annual reports
of the officers show that eighty-one new
lodges were organized during the year
with a membership of 27,594. making the
total membership of the order' of Elks
153,722. This is the largest increase in the
history of the order. During the past
year $47,000 was expended in the purchase
of homes for aged Elks, and over $10,000
was expended for flood sufferers in Kan
sas City, Missouri and Oregon.
During the year 1234 members of the or
der in good standing died. 3445 were
stricken from the rolls for non-payment
of dues, and ISO suspended or expelled.
The amount of money expended during
the year for charity was jlSS,t>16.
Popes. The viscera. of Pius IX was not
taken there, as It was feared at that time
that some untoward incident might take
place during its transporation.
The peaceful manner in. which the cere
mony was performed to-night Is regarded
as a fresh proof of the Improved relations
between the church and the state.
His identity as Arthur Hewitt has been
clearly established by officers of the
Leavenwortb . prison . who came here for
the purpose. The prisoner has confessed
that he is Hewitt and says that he will
never be taken back to . Leavenworth
sflive. It is understood that the United
States authorities have requested Gov
ernor . Lanham to pardon him in order
that he may be returned to the scene of
the murder and there tried for murder.
The request will be granted. Hewitt was
serving five years for larceny in the
Leavenworth prison when the mutiny oc
curred. ¦':., .
RUST, Tex., July 21.— Arthur Hewitt,
the convict , who led the mutiny at the
United States penitentiary at Leaven
worth, Kans., on November 2. 1902. in
which a number of. persons' were killed,
has been located in Texas penitentiary, at
this place, where he is serving four years
for horse theft and burglary committed
at San Angelo, Tex. Hewitt is, one of the
few convltts engaged in the Leavenworth
mutiny whose- capture was not effected.
He was admitted to the penitentiary here
on December 22 under the name of Jim
Cook..
flee to say that the French Government
has taken no steps to exert any influence
upon the conclave, and it is believed the
other Catholic States will adopt the same
course. It is improbable that a change
in the head of the Holy See will result m
any change in the relations of France to
the Vatican, unless the new Pope proves
to be another Pius IX, but that is a mat
ter whereon it is impossible to express
an opinion until the new Pope Is electeu.
While the French preferences lean to
ward Cardinal Rampolla. no steps are be
ing taken in his favor.
The Cardinal Archbishop of Paris has
ordered a solemn mass for the repose of
the soul of the Pope at Notre Dame oa
Tuesday next. «
A partial list of Injuries to persons aad
other accidents due to the storm Is as fol
lows: Two unknown persona. Injured in
a runaway on Jackson boulevard; cab
man hurt in stampede of horses; street
car wrecked by runaway team in Madison
street; man. name unknown, leg broken
in trying to stop runaway.
A team of horses attached to a heavy
dray crashed into a girder of the long
viaduct on Milwaukee avenue, causing the
collapse of a portion of the structure.
Great damage was dor.^> trees and fo
liage in the parka and thousands of panes
of glass in greenhouses and conservato
ries were demolished.
CHICAGO. July 21. —The wcrst storm of
the eeaaon passed over this city shortly
after noon to-day. Torrents tf raia fe'.!.
accompanied by a high wind aad a terrific
precipitation of large hailstonts. which
crashed through skylights and windows
and pelted horses In the streets. Dozens
of runaways resulted.
Joseph Fanning of Indian
- apolis New Grand Ex- "
alted Ruler.
Failure to Decorate the City
Hall Causes Slight Un
pleasantness.
Must Now Answer for Lives
Lost in Outbreak He
Engineered. ;
People Are Injured and Great
Damage Is Done to
Property.
Irish People Give Ed
ward and His Consort
a Royal Welcome.
Convict Who Headed
Leavenworth Mutiny
Located in Texaa
Thirty Thousand Mem
bers at Convention
in Baltimore.' -
Rain and Hail Frighten
Horses and Break
Windows.
DUBLIN GREETS
KING ANO QUEEN
ORDER OP ELKS
NAMES OFFICERS
MURDERER FOUND
IN PENITENTIARY
TEMPEST VISITS
THE WINDY CITY
FINAL INTERMENT OF DEAD PONTIFF WILL OCCUR ON SATURDAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1903.
SAN RAFAEL. July 21.— A man whose
name is unknown was found dead at 10:30
o'clock to-night Just north of the Corte
Madera tunnel, on the North Shore Rail
road. It is presumed he either committed
suicide, by Jqmping off the train, which
left Sausailto at 9:30 o'clock, or was
thrown from the platform. while rounding
a curve. A buckskin purse containing
$120 was found in the trousers pocket,
while a card of the Vigilant saloon, north
west corner of East and Clay streets, was
in a waistcoat pocket.- f On the back of
the card was the name Ed Hillenbrand,
Swiss Hotel. €21 Commercial street.
The body is at the Morgue in San Ra
fael.' The man was about 45 years of age,
five feet two , inches tall, wore a blue
serge coat and waistcoat and dark brown
trousers; had gray hair and a goatee, but
no mustache. . . •
JUMPS OR FALLS FROM
A NORTH SHORE TRAIN
fection .of the world.. In the afternoon
the body will be arrayed in'all the glory
of the pontifical robes, the miter replacing
the hood, and at sunset It will be taken
Into the chapel of the sacrament of St.
Peter's, where for three days. the public
wiu.-be given an' opportunity of paying a
last farewell. The interment will occur
on Saturday evening..
' r OF DEATH.
To-day was- notable for- the impressive
ceremonial'of the recdgnition of the death
of the Pope, wtflch occurred in the morn
ing in the . chamber . in which he died.
Thereafter only those were admitted who
were concerned In the embalming of the
body, an o Deration which occupied six
hours. Meantime the authorities of the
Vatican proceeded with the preparations
for the funeral arid the conclave and the
acknowledgment of the condolences that
had been received. Among the latter was
a notable message from the German Em
peior. '--¦ . • - , ¦
Throughout the day the Vatican was
surrounded by crowds, which Increased
toward night. Several hundreds entered
St. Peter's at vespers and Joined In
prayers for the departed. Among those
,were many Italian officers, ..whose troops
shortly after sunset were marched from
the Vatican back to -their barracks.' ,' "At
no tftn« had their, services been needed. It
Is not the custom in Italy" to ;, wear; the
conventional emblems of mourning, hence
the I crowd * which, V in consequence of . the
closing of many, places of business, wan
dered | the gtreets to-night, had more the
appearance | of an aimless holiday-making
throng than one sorrowing for the death
of the Pope.,
"¦ In nearly all; of the churches, however,
hundreds not often \ seen Jn places of de
votjon flocked to vespers to say a hurried
prayer. Afterward they loitered outside,
reading the deep, black-edged proclama
tions of Cardinal Reeplghl. the vicar of
Rome, 'concerning the, funeral arrange
ments, the. meeting of the conclave and
the church ceremonials.
2
ADVEBTISELTENTS.
RED HOT I Fl/IM'Q
PRICES AT LL VINO
fU 35-37 Taylor Street.
PRICES FOR ALL THIS WEEK.
iin. Potts' Irons, eet of 3 for UOc
Babbitt Soar., all week. 6 bars ITSc
Naptha 6oap. all week. 6 bars 25c
Falrback's Dandy Soap. 12 bars .....IKSc
6c CuJaby's Cactlle Soap, 2 bars 5c
Large 10c pkr<- Pearline on sale fc>«
Res;, tl.15 cepper bot. Wash Boiler.. 7»c
X1.23 Iron-lined Gas Ovens for 75c
Large 10c Japanned Dust Pans' 5c
20c tsteel Fry Pan* for IOC
10c Child's Hose Supporters. 2 pair.... 5c
Reg. 62 Ink Writing Tablet*. 2 for 5c
Re«. 11. IS Meat Safes for 05c
Black Satin £to\-e Polish tor 15c
25c Vrooman Sink Strainer 15c
B«st Wax Candles. do«en 15c
All color* Illusion, yard ....lOc
«-qt. 6Oc Agate Covered Saucepans... 45c
Reg. TAc l«^jt. Agate Dishpans 5Oe
25c 3-<jt. White Agate Saucepan
50c «-<jt. Agate Covered Saucepan aoc
?0c Agate Fry Pans for .....:45c
15c <ilass Covered Butter Dishes 5c
Reg. 25c 2-<jt. Glass Pitchers for 15c
2 fcalt or Pepper Shakers for 5e
25c Decorated China Creamers for. ...lOc
10c Crockery Cup« and Saucers Re
10c Crockery Plates for Be
5c Best Parlor Matches. 2 packj r»c
$2.50 Bt»eU Carpet Sweeper »1.S7
Reg. $1.75 Challenge Wringer k^l.lU
Wool Moreen, all colors, yard
Mk Elack Silk Moreen, yard 2*c
60c Tape Corsets for 35«
36- la. 23c Mercerized Lining, yard 15c
Reg. 25c Window Screens for ..." 14c
Good Pins. 3 papers for. ;..:'.?:.. :...;. 5c
Ladles' Embroidered Handkerchiefs... 5c
All elres Steel Beads, bunch UK?
KITCHEN REQUISITE^
Drugs in Your
Pastry.
or
Baking Powders are half Corn
#/^fl\l starch, the other half being Acid-phosphate,
I l#lf^Hr / or Alum. Some of these are said to be
I I T5ttl/ ver y injurious, and quite unreliable.
yl^f^b, Good Baking Powders are one-fourth
Rice Flour, one-fourth Soda, and one-
half Cream of Tartar.
• \ These cost 13 cents per pound to manufacture, but
you must pay fifty cents per lb. for them, at retail.
And it takes $4.40 worth of this Baking Powder to
make a $6.00 barrel of Flour into Tea Biscuits!
" PRESTO " quick - flour needs no Baking Powder, and
very little " Shortening."
It is the finest flour milled in America, being rich in
Gluten (muscle-former) with a comparatively low per cent-
age of Starch (fat) , while Baker's Flour, for instance, is
chiefly Starch, with little Gluten.
"PRESTO" quick-flour has the exact proportions of
Cream Tartar, Soda, and Salt, that such flour needs,* al-
ready blended uniformly into it, by machinery.
These chemicals are the purest made, mixed with the
flour when they are fresh and strong, and then sealed up
in air-tight packages that Grocers retail at 10c and 25c
The very best flour, and the purest Cream of Tartar
and Soda are thus sold in "PRESTO," at the price of
common flour, combined with Baking Powder, — why?
Because—" PRESTO " carries only a cTVKllcr's profit
on the whole product, instead of a Druggists profit on the
Baking Powder, or 44 per cent, portion.
Then, there's the great labor saving, and the certainty
of results, to consider in its valuation.
_'•:_/ "PRESTO" makes the quickest, surest, lightest,
whitest, and most economical of cakes, biscuits, and pastry.
See comparative costs in other advertisements.
FOR CAKES I '-f\l11/*lr PIE-CRUST •
BISCUITS • V^ UlOlV.- SHORT- CAKE
PUDDINGS' pt-. 114^ MUFFINS* •
PUMPLINGS J? lOlir V DOUGHNUTS
Of all good Otecwt, (or Th« H-O> Co, FnffHtQ In tS« aad 1— pstcWg^suSCENES AT THE CATHOLIC CHURCHES IN SAN FRANCISCO, WHERE
SPECIAL PRAYERS WEREOFFERED FOR THE REPOSE OF THE
SOUL OF LEO XIII, AND ONE OF THE CELEBRANTS OF -MASS.
CHICAGO. July 21. — It la probable the West
ern railroads will adopt the form of clergy per
mit which la now in use on the lines of toe
Central Passenger Association. A meeting of
a joint committee representing all the Western
acaociationa was held here to-day to consider
the adoption or a clergy certificate, and It waj
decided to Tecommend the change flrafl
A Snap
With a camera creates a life long remem
brance. The Photo Supply Department of
Sanborn & Vail's. 741 Market atn. 1 **, has
everything in the photographic line. •
OAKLAND, July 21.— Prayers for the
repose'of the soul of Pope L.eo XIII were
offered by the members of every Catholic
church In this city to-day. The sanctu
aries were draped . in mourning. At 0
o'clock this morning high requiem mass
was celebrated.
In the Church of the Immaculate Con
ception, which was recently the scene of
Father King's jubilee, ¦ Father King was
celebrant, Rev. Father Morrison deacon
and Rev. Father Gleason * sub-deacon.
The responses were sung by the church
choir.
Father McSweeney celebrated the "ills
sa" cantata, and Palestrina's plain chant
was • sung by the Sisters of the Sacred
Heart Convent, headed by Mother Augus
tine, superior of the convent.
., Black , drapings were festooned over the
entrance and in the Interior of St. An
thony's Church in East Oakland, where
high mass was celebrated by Father
Yorke.
\ In Sacred Heart Church Rev. Father
Serda intoned a ¦ mass and the responses
were sung by a quartet. The altar was
draped in mourning.
-Father J. B. McNally is absent from
Solemn Requiem Masses Are Chanted
by Priests.
IN OAKLAND CHTTRCHES.
FEATURES ARE , LIFELIKE.
The white veil was then removed from
the dead man's face, revealing the cameo
like features of the departed Pope, ren
dered sharper and more transparent by
death. So lifelike was the body that
those present, half expected Leo to raise
his hand in the familiar gesture of bless-'
ing.
A moment of breathless silence ensued
and then the Cardinal Camerllngro, taking
the aspcrsorium, sprinkled the late Pon
tiff with holy water and said in a firm
voice: "Gioacchlno" (the Christian name
of the deceased Holy Father). When
there was no answer the same word was
repeated three times, louder and louder,
after which, turning to the kneeling Car
dinals, the Camerlingo solemnly an
nounced: \
"Papa vera mortuus est" (the Pope is
really dead).
As the words were uttered there arose
though private. It was conducted
with great pomp and was most impres
sive. All of the Cardinal present in
Rome, numbering twenty-nine, assembled
in the Apostolic Palace to view the re
mains of the late Pope Leo XIII and to
officially pronounce him dead. Cardinal
Oreglia, dean of the Sacred College and
Camerlingo of the Holy Roman Church,
had to put ' aside Cardinal's robes as a
sign of deep mourning and was gowned
entirely in violet. The other Cardinals
Vore crimson robes with violet collars,*
indicative of mourning.
•Within the death-chamber the body lay
with a white veil over the face, on the
bed, surrounded by Franciscan peniten
tiaries, wiille outside the Noble Guard
maintained a solemn vigil. The pro
found silence was broken only by the
chanting of prayers for the dead. Into
this solemn presence came. the mourning
procession of Cardinals, who, kneeling,
silently prayed. Then the prelates rev
erently looked on while Cardinal Oreglia
approached the remains. For this morn
ing's function the Pope's bedroom had
been transformed into a kind of mortuary
chapel, with the altar at one end, having
in the center a crucifix surrounded by
six lighted candles. Four candles stood
at the bed corners.
—^OMK, July 21.— This morning there
MM began the first ef those grandiose
F^T and unique ceremonies which fol
& m» low the demise of a Pope, and, al-
The Italian Government has given or
ders to the railroad officials '.that Cardi
nals cominc - to Rome for ' the conclave
Fhall b« considered princes of the blood
and have reserved comi>artments or ¦ sa
loon rcrs placed at ;thelr disposal from
the % frontier. In addition instructions
have' bteh given « to all the Government
authorities > to 'put themBelves at tha dis
posal- cf.; the •Cardinals,' if they, aro' re
quested t6 ; do no, and to leave ; nothing
undone for their accommodation and pro
tection.' ¦;?'"' / -
GOVERNMENT IS GENEROUS.
<St|CT*d> DK. GIUSEPPE LAPPONI,
Pontlfval Physical nnd 8anltary Officer Dele
iCilfd to the Vatican by the Nuncio of
Him*. . ¦
From the Vatican. 20th of July. 1003.
To the Illustrious Mayor of Rome, the Cap
ital: With grief I announce to you that at 4
p. in. to-dfy there ceased to live, from ady
namlc pnmimonla, follcwred by . hemorrhaglc
pleurisy, the Holiness ofl our Lord, Leo XIII,
Pope,- formerly Gloacchlno Peed, - of Carpi
neto. Province of Rome, at the age of 03 years
and S :nonths.
Dr. Lapponi yesterday sent to Prince
Colonna, Mayor of Rome, the following
notice:
The following telegram has been re
ceived by Cardinal Oreglia from the Ger
man Emperor:
MOLDE, Norway, July 20, 1003.— I am
painfully affected by the sad news I have just
received^ I send to the illustrious College of
Cardinals the expression of my sincere sym
pathy at the grievous loss the Roman Catho
lic Church has sustained through the demise
of the Podc I shall always retain a faithful
memory of the exalted and venerable man
who was a personal friend of mine and .whose
extraordinary Elfts of heart and mind com
pelled my admiration anew only a few weeks
ago »n the occasion of my last visit to Rome.
* WILHELM. I. R.
KAISER EXPRESSES GRIEF.
The Cardinals present In Rome met this
morning, under Cardinal Oreglia, in a
preparatory congregation held In the Hall
of the Consistory. Oreglia communicated
to them tho first instructions he has
given since the death of < the Pooe, in
forming them of the numerous messaged
of condolence received from all parts of
the wcrld^ and of the universal mourning
for Leo XIII. An exchange of ideas took
I lace regarding the ceremonies preceding
the conclave. When Cardinal Oreglia ask
ed for the advice of one of the Cardinals
pifsent the latter replied:
"It is difficult to give advice. Indeed,
you must teach us what to do. as none
of us has ever participated in a con
clave."
Cardinal Nettlo,, the patriarch of Lisbon,
who, when he arrives, will take over hl3
own duties.
The government of the Catholic church
has been officially assumed by Cardinal
Oreglia as dean of the Sacred College
and as dean of the Cardinal Bishops. He
will be assisted by the deans of the other
two orders of- Cardinals, Cardinal Macchi
of the Cardinal Deacons and Cardlna'
Rampolla for the "Cardinal Priests, the
last, however, merely as a substitute for
CARDINALS ARE CONVENED.
Cardinal Rampolla intended to leave the
Vatican last night, immediately after tho
death of the Pope, when, having officially
announced the demise of the Pontiff to
the diplomatic body accredited ' to the
Vatican and to the papal nuncios, with
instructions to have the news communi
cated to the various foreign rulers, he
considered his duties as papal secretary
of state -to have been ended. Rampolla
was on the point of leaving when Car
dinal Oreglia insistently begged him to re
main in the- apartment- he. had occupied
for more than sixteen years and the sec
retary of state acceded to the request.
The Vicar of Rome, Cardinal Pletro
Respighl, has caused to be attached to tho
doors of the churches an announcement of
the death of Pope. Leo, with instructions
regarding the prayers to be offered and
also giving information about the fun
eral cervices. ;
from the kneeling Cardinals a sigh— a
tribute paid to the late Pontiff by these
princely heads of the church.
After this, in voices trembling with
emotion, the ranking Cardinals recited
the De Profundls. gave absolution and
sprinkled the body with holy water.
FAMOUS BINO REMOVED.
Following the ceremony of the recogni
tion of the death of the Pope by the Sac
red College came another, shorter, but no
less significant and symbolic. On Leo's
finger was the famous fisherman's ring,
which the' Camerlingo, with a whispered
prayer, drew gently off, and which later
will be broken in the presence of the Car
dinals, reset and presented to the new
Pope when he is. elected. / ;
The ring is of very great antiquity. It
is even said to have belonged to St. Peter
himself. It is a stone of little value, cut
with the scene of St. Peter drawing in
fishing nets. It was first used about the
year 1265, but for secret documents it was
only used later. Officially It is one of the
symbols of office most prized by the
church. Although lost two or three times,
it has always been recovered.
Impressive Ceremony Is Conducted With Great Pomp by the
Members of the Sacred College.
City Marshal and Party of Horse
"raders Exchange Shots and
Two May Die.
DES MOIN'ES. Iowa. July 21.— A tele
phone message from Eddyville states that
one man was fatally wounded and three
others furiously injured in a battle be
tween City Marshal McHugh and a party
of horse traders. About twenty shots
•were exchanged.
The inJur^d-W. H. St. John, one of th»
traders, Ehot through the abdomen; Har
vey Pea. shot in chest, collarbone frac
tured; Mrs. Pea. phot in ankle; C.ty Mar
f hal McHugh, phot through hand.
It is said that St. John and Harvey Pea
cannot recover.
FOTJB, INTTJBED IN BATTLE
WITH IOWA LAW OFFICERS
St. Ignatius Church of the Society of
Jesus, located on Hayes . street, was
the scene - of an impressive requiem
service. The wide porticos of the building
were draped in , long sweeps of Mack
cloth, while the massive pillars of the in
terior were covered by the same somber
drapery. The altar and sanctuary were
garbed in mourning and' the interior of
the building presented a solemn aspect. ¦
The Jesuit j Fathers intoned low mass,
commencing at 5 o'clock in the moi-ninjr,
and at the hour of 9 the solemn requiem
mass for the repose of the soul of the
dead Pope was chanted. Father Allen, S.
J., was the celebrant. Father Butler, S.
J., . deacon and Father Prelatto, sub
deacon. The splendid male choir of St.
Ignatius rendered # the Kyrie, Sanctus,
Benedlctus and Agnus Del of Cagllero's
requiem mass, the Dies Irae of Lutz and
an offertory by . % the same composer.
St. Dominic's Church, Pine and Steiner
streets, presented a somber aspect yes
terday morning, though the wcrk of drap
ing the exterior and interior of the edi
fice was not. completed. Father Breene
was the celebrant and the ; musical por
tion of: the 'mass was eloquently rendered
b> the choir and' organ.
/ In St. Boniface Church, on Golden Gate
avenue, the high mass of requiem was
hi toned by Father Augustine, O. F. M.,
tho- celebrant. The work-of draDing the
church was not completed by tl.« tlms
the mass- was said, but it will be com
plated durlnp to-day. ;.
"v Owing . to." previous arrangements for' a
privaJ e requiem , masa to be held In &t.
Mary's Cathedral yesterday morning. the
solemn service; for, the repose of the soul
A large number of persons was present
at the requiem mass in St. Mary's Church,
California and Dupont 6treets. The deco
rations of the altar had been removed and
the structure was draped in black. A
representation of the Pope's bier had been
erected in the aisle and was flanked by
tall, lighted candles.
The "Mlssa Cantata" was conducted by
Father "W. E. Hopper and impressed all
present by its solemnity. The offertory
was the "Piu Jesu" and Werner's
"Requiem" was skillfully rendered on the
organ by Miss Glorgianl.
Father Hopper delivered a brief address,
deploring the death of Pope Leo, who. he
declared, was the true friend of every
human being.
In accordance with the Instructions by
Archbishop Riordan, a solemn mass of
requiem was Intoned yesterday morning
in all of the churches and special prayers
were offered for the repose of the soul
of tho dead Pope. .
draping the entrances and sanctu
aries of the houses of worship was not
complete, but all will be in place by this
morning.
mOMBER emblems of mourning ap
& peared at all the Catholic Churches
. B yesterday in token of grief at the
passing of Leo XIII. The work of
The various Catholic churches will re
tain the funeral drapings until after the
obsequies of the late Pope are held Jn
Rome. Special prayers will be offered
daily In all houses of worship for the
repose of the soul of the dead Pontiff. '
As soon as information reaches Arch
bishop Rlordan of the date of the funeral
in Rome the various members of the
clergy in the diocese 1 will be notified by
the Archbishop. On the day of the fu
neral a requiem high mass will be in
toned in every church in the diocese at
0 o'clock in the morning, but the chief
tribute to tho dead Pontiff In this city
will take place in St. Mary's Cathedral
at 10:30 o'clock on the day of the funeral.
The pontiflclal requiem mass will be
intoned by Archbishop Rlordan, assisted
by all of the clergy attached to the ca
thedral. The entire clergy of the diocese
has been invited to be present at the
cathedral services and the musical por
tion of the mass will be one of unusual
excellence.
of PnDe Leo will be held in .the cnthe
dral this morning at 9 o'clock. The al
tars cf the cathedral have been draped
in black cloth and all ornaments' havo
been removed. '. he massive candelabra
have been draped In black and white. The
front panels of the altar are covered by
black lambrequin, on which silver and
white crosses are fixed. Graceful fes
toons of blr.ck cloth cover the galleries
of the catnedral, the somber garb belns
relieved by edges of white lace and bows
of white satin. The entrances and doors
of the edifice are draped in black and
the interior of the cathedral is imposing
In its mourning emblems.
CARDINAL CAMERLINGO CONFIRMS
THE DEATH OF THE HOLY FATHER
Prayers Are Offered for the Repose of
the Dead Pontiffs Soul.
GARB OF MOURNING
ON CITY'S CHURCHES
the city and the mass in St. Patrick's
Church was chanted by Father John B.
McNally Jr. The responses wcro ren
dered by the regular church choir. The
church was draped in black and a- large
congregation paid tribute to the memory
of the departed Pontiff. _
Flags were at half mast on all of the
parochial schools and on St. Mary's Col
lege Solemn-high mass will be celebrut
ed at the college to-morrow morning and
daily services will be held in all of tha
churches In memory of the supreme Pon
ln St. Columba's Church at Golden Gate
services were, held to-day in accordance
with the direction of Archbishop R{or
dan. v
According to tradition the Camerlingo
is entitled to have his apartment watched
day and night by a picket of the Swiss
Guard, but at 9 o'clock to-night Cardinal
Oreglla sent word that the eight Swiss
guards posted at his door should with
draw, j . |
ROME. July 21.— Monsignor CagJano.
the majordomo, assisted by. the papal no
tary and Monsignor Bisleti, master of tha
chamber, to-day searched all tha drawers
and boxes in the papal apartments, mak
ing a minute Inventory of all objects of
value found. These were entrusted for
safe keeping to : rlnce Rosplgliosl. tha
commandant of the Noble Guard. Car
dinal Oreglia in giving instructions to the
commanders of the papal armed bodies
said: v
Although the relations between the church
and the Government of Italy are less »tratned
than in 1878. so that certainly order will tf»
maintained outside »he Vatican. I remind you
that it Is your, duty to watch closely Insldo
the Vatican to prevent, especially during th»
conclave, the Interference ot any extraneous
influence.
LEO'S EFFECTS SEARCHED.
All Objects of Value Are Entrusted
to Prince Rospigliosi.
Presently the visitors arose and slowly
filed past the bed, kneeling io kiss tha
dead hand as they passed. Count Camillo,
ono of the nephews who knew Leo best,
accompanying him always when he went
into the gardens of the Vatican, was
quite overcome— more so, in fact, than
at .any time since his uncle's death oc
curred. ".' ' i\ '¦'¦
ROME, July 21.— There was a touching
scene at the Vatican this morning when
the nephews of the Pope, with their fami
lies, entered the dea— chamber to taka
a last farewell of their uncle, for whom
they had an intense reverence. The elders
were dressed in black and the children In
white. As they entered the younger chil
dren, avre-struck and frightened, began
to cry at this, their first acquaintance
with death, but the beauty of the scene
soon quieted them. The little party ad
vanced on tiptoe, and circling around tha
bed fell to their knees and Joined in tha
prayers of the penitentiaries. The white
ness of the children's gowns added a
pleasing notj to the rather highly colored
scene.
Relatives of I<eo XIII Visit the
Chamber of Death.
PRAY AT THE BEDSIDE.
The Cathedral will be draped In mourntn*
within and without until after the month's
mind (lasting thirty days). Every evening un
til after the funeral, at the hour of the da
profundls. 7 o'clock, the Cathedral bell will bo
tolled for thirty minutes.
This is the programme which- has been adopt
ed for the Cathedral. No doubt the pastors
of the other churches will make similar ar
rangements. : -
BALTIMORE. July 2L-Before Cardinal
Gibbons departed for Rome he left with
Rev. Dr. "William Fletcher, rector of the
cathedral, an outline of the services h»
desired held in the churches of this prov
ince and which will be followed by all
Catholic churches throughout the United
States. The plan is set forth in the fol
lowing statement given by Dr; Fletcher
to-day:
Prior to his departure for Rome his Eminence
desired that a solemn pontifical requiem mass
be celebrated In the Cathedral, to which all
the Bishops ot this province and the reverend
clergy of. the Archdiocese will be Invited. The
mass In the Cathedral will, take place on the
day of the funeral in Rome. Monslgnor Fal
conto of Washington will pontificate. The dis
course will be preached by Right Rev. Bishop
Donahue of Wheeling. The ceremoni-s and
music will be of the most Impressive charac
ter.
Heeded Throughout America.
Cardinal Gibbons' Wish Will Be
PONTIFICAL REQUIEM MASSES.
On Thursday the wholo people of Roma
will be allowed to view the body of th«
Pontiff, while requiem masses will be
celebrated in the different chapels. The
same morning the third meeting of the
congregation will take place. The congre
gation also will meet on Friday and Sat
urday night the body of the Pope will be
sprinkled with holy water by the chapter
of St. Peter's. It will then be taken at tha
head of the procession around the basil
ica and entombed to the strains of the
"Miserere" . Intoned by slngera of tha
Julia chapel.
In the chapel choir, where the inter
ment will occur, the bier must enter head
first according to the church law. The
ceremony will end with the celebration of
a requiem on Sunday.
On Monday. Tuesday and "Wednesday of
the following week the meetings of the
congregations will continue.
Three grand funeral services will oc
cur, but the dates have not yet been
fixed.
On morning the
second meeting of the Congregation of
Cardinals will take place to discuss meas
ures relating to the conclave. The diplo
matic body, the Roman aristocracy and
the high dignitaries of the church will at
this time have an opportunity to take a
last view of the Pontiff before he is laid
in St. Peter's. In the afternoon the body
will be arrayed In full pontifical robes
and in the evening the remains will be'
transported to the basilica of St. Peter.
where they will be taken charge of by
the chapter of the basilica and deposited
in the chapel of the sacrament.
•NOME, July 21.— The programme for
M M tne nine days* ceremony as far as
F^T established, but still open to pos
• • sible change. Is as follows:
In consequence of Leo XIIFs long
reign, these parties have entirely disap
j!rar.ed. In the present conclave there
will be only one Cardinal, Cardinal Oreg
lia. who was not appointed by Pope, Leo.
As a result of these changes, the ap
proaching concla\"e will be much more
under the influence of individual candi
dates than in the past, rendering it im
possible to forecast the election with any
degree of certainty. It is considered
highly probable that the new Pope will
be a mar. at present not thought of and
rot talked about-
The Tribuna to-day published an in
trryiew with Cardinal Svampa, Arch
ie ishop of Bologna, who, the paper says,
has quite recovered from his stroke of
I aralysls. The Cardinal is quoted as say
irg:
I believe that the conclave will be very
f'^rt. aj> «(>r» the Ian two. At the utmost
J •.hir.k it may take one we. k. as now there
cops not exist In the Sacred College the mark
*i\ rolttWI rt!!*pr«To»s of other times. Thrre
tt r». It will be possible to arrive at an under
f.andlnx more easily and quicker.
POLICY OF NEW PONTIFF.
The interviewer asked the Cardinal
vhat he thought the policy of the future
I'opp would be in regard to the j=;o-cailed
It-man question. "Would it remain rigidly
or would the new Pope in-
BSCOXatC a modus vivendi, which many j
persons in both camps wish for? Cardl
r.al Svampa replied:
No rn» to-day Wn say with certainty eny
thinr about it. Put it must not be forrotten
that whoever ts Hf-rt.d will brini? something
r^rional into the attitude of the Holy Pee re
tarding that question, fometh'nu which mor*
nr !«•{>» miift 'Jirr.Tentiate from the attitude of
the former Pop*. Besides, every historical
fact of grreat importance brinjrs with It
rhs.r.pr-F which ameliorate or aggravate pre
*ii*t:r.r condition*. Every sunrise of each
new day throws, fresh light on men and thinys.
At this morning's meeting of the Con
gregation of Cardinals Monsdtgneur Merry
del Val. the first Apostolic delegate to
Canada, was provisionally appointed sec
rrtary of the eons!«?torial congregation.
replacing the late Monselgneur Volplni.
This probably will be followed by making
Ibc provisional appointment permanent.
The position of secretary of the consis
ts rial congregation has additional im
portance, Fince it will lead to the nomina
tion of Mor.feigneur Merry del Val as Car
dinal by the new Pope.
PASTIES HAVE DISAPPEARED.
Then, there were parties composed of
cardinals appointed by the same Pope,
¦who" usually ranged themselves into
separate bodies. In addition to the mem
bers of the Sacred College appointed by
the Pope who had then just passed away,
there were usually considerable numbers
chosen by his predecessor, and, even a
Jew nominated by the Pope preceding
him.
nearly every cue of which was represent
ed in the colleges. These always exerted
rerjr powerful influences , In the election
cf a Pope. At the present time there is
only one scion of a great Roman house
mncag the cardinals, namely Cardinal
Battista Cas?ali del Drago, who, from the
Ftandpoint cf the election of a new Pon
tiff, is relatively ur.important.
ceedings.
An Embassudor accredited to the Vati
can says the question of Pope Leo's suc
cessor Is a peculiarly open one at the
present moment. The personality of the
candidates plays a much more Important
part than :n any preceding conclave, since
the conditions prevailing In the past are
no\e entirely changed. Formerly the
Sacred College was divided into seven
distinct parties. There was, first, that
composed of the cardinals \eho were
members of the great Roman families.
' y^. OME, July n.— According to a
jf M Btateraeat coming from a high
F(y^ ecclesiastic arrar.pemrnts at the
Vatican an being pressed forward
¦which xelY enable the conclave of
cardinals to begin sitting on August 1.
However. It is row believed the sessions
may last coR£id<rably longer than at first
expected — even long enough to permit
Cardinal Moral of Sydney, N. S. W., to
arrive In time to take part In the pro-
Three GrandFun*
eral Services to
Be Held.
Result Cannot Be
Forecast With
Certainty.
Conclave to Begin
Its Sitting on
August 1.
Programme for
the Nine Days'
Ceremony.
NEXT POPE MAY BE A MAN PROMINENTLY MENTIONED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1903.
3
' UXW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PACT PROVEN
Should Convince Even the Most
Skeptical of Its Truth.
If there is the slightest doubt in the
minds of any that dandruff germs do not
exist their belief Is compelled by the fact
.that a rabbit inoculated with the germs
fcecame bald in fix weeks' time.
It must be apparent to any person
• therefor* thsV the only prevention of ba.:d-
. t>r«* Is the destruction of the grrm — which act"
is euccepftfully accomplished in 100 per cent of
raws by the application of Ifewbro's Hernl-
t:i<if ,
Dandruff it rau*«»d by the earae germ which
rsusff baldm-r* end can be pf'^nted with the
MUtn- tempo 1 }- — NVwbro'g HerpicJde.
Accept no mbstitutc. "Destroy the cause you
rpmove the effect."
Sold by leadir.K druFKi&ts. Send IOc In stamp*
for parrr!e to The Herplclde Co., Detroit.
. ailch.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tbs Kind You Hare Always Bought
Bears the srf yZ^Z^T
Signature of *~6uzjty£ J't6>CC*uA£
When you pay ioc for a
. package of pepper, which would
you rather have: ioc of pep-
per, or 5c of pepper a»d 5c of
else?
Then buy Schilling's BestBreaking -Bridge Kills. Workmen.
SALMON ARM. B.' C. July 21.— The
bridge between the Canadian Pacific Rail
road and the • Columbia River Lumber
Company's smjll at Cnrlin. gave way' to
day while a gang of the Columbia River
Company men. were '."walking on It. • C.
Kowri of Kualt and J. Russell of New
foundland were killed and two more were"
seriously Injured.' The 'bridge at this
point Is about 100 feet high. " , . > "'¦ . - \
The. grand body, will hold another sca-
Bion to-day- and in the evening, the new
officers and, the delegates . will be the
guests at a banquet tendered them by
Burnaby . and .; Pickwick lodges of this
city... ...,_, - ... ¦:, . - . ,.£:;-;¦:'
J. H. Cocking of Nanalmo, B. C, grand
president: W. G. Johnson of San Fran
cisco, vice president: Thomas Poyser of
San Francisco, secretary: William Meek
of Los Angeles, messenger: T. W. Butch
er of San Francisco, treasurer: W. H.
Noy of Alameda, trustee;,
•The reports of the grand officers were
presented and read. They Bhov that. tho
order la /In a flourishing, condition and
that- there has been during the last year
a satisfactory gain In membership and in
finance. ¦ * ¦ , . . .
The grand body, In which were repre
sentatives of the various subordinate
bodies on the Pacific Coast, was called
to order at" 10 o'clock In the morning by
Worthy Grand President W. H. Fuller,
and the first business after receiving the
report of the committee on credentials
was the conferring of tho Grand Lodge
degree on those 'delegates who had not
already received the same.
In this order the grand officers are not
ejected by the Grand Lodge delegates, as
Is th« rule In other orders, but are voted
for in the subordinate lodges and the re
sults sent to the grand body, where the
returns are canvassed. The canvass
Bhowed that the following named were
elected:
A white standard with the red cross of
St. Georgo thereon floated over Red
Men's Hall. on Post street yesterday, be
cause the Grand Lodge of the Sons of
St. George was ln-sesslon there.
Officers Who Have Been Chosen to
Rule Over Order for Cur
rent Term.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE MEET
IN GRAND LODGE SESSION
Frank Neil, the hard-hitting bantam
weight boxer, will settle down to-day at
Croll^S Gardens, Alameda, to train for
his fight with Harry Forbes next month.
Joe Millett. the heavyweight boxer,
returned yesterday from Honolulu.
While there he defeated a number of
good men. He won in such quick time
as to take away the breath not only of
his opponents, but also of the specta
tors.
Boxer Joe Millett Returns.
McEAE DENIES HAVING
WON LOVE OF MRS. SELBY
Furniture Dealer Asks That Suit for
Damages Brought by Minis
ter Be Dismissed.
Donald McRae, the furniture dealer,
who. a few days ago, was sued for $25,000
damages by Isaac Selby, an Australian
minister, who claimed that McRae had
alienated the affections of his wife, filed
a demurrer to Selby's suit yesterday. He
makes a general denial of the charges
made against him by Selby. and asks
that the minister's suit be dismissed on
the ground that his complaint does not
state sufficient cause of action.
Selby in his suit for damages, alleges
that McRae ruined his home and de
stroyed his peace of mind by coming be
tween him and his wife. A few days af
ter it was filed Mrs. Selby brought an
action for divorce against Selby, charg
ing him with treating her cruelly. His
cruelty, she alleges, consisted of making
repeated threatB to expose her alleged re
lations with the furniture man by insti
tuting a suit for damages against him.
The suit, the says, is but a piece of
spite work.
The storm was accompanied by the
heaviest thunder and most vivid lightning
seen here this season.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., July 21.— A storm
which occurred here late this afternoon
assumed the form of a cloudburst west of
Prescott, causing Immense floods in
Granite .and Miller Creeks. The two
streams unite at the northern edge of the
city and the high waters flooded two
blocks along the creeks, but no lives were
lost. The property loss along the creeks
is heavy. Hall fell to a depth of se^eral
Inches on the Sierra Prleta Mountains
west of Prescott and at dark the moun
tain side was perfectly white as If cov
ered with snow.
Causes Floods Near Prescott From
Which. Property Loss Is
Very Heavy. . ....
CLOUDBURST DOES
* * DAMAGE IN ARIZONA
The Government commander, seeing
that only the artillery could make a
breach in the barricades of the Alameda,
ordered twelve guns to open fire on them,
and at the eame time the Venezuelan
fleet, which had changed its anchorage
so as to bring Its guns to bear rffectively
on the city, opened ! fire. The soldiers
have had no food for two days, no am
bulances are being used, and yet the fight
ing continues.
Monday (4 p. m.)— The advance of the
Government troops has reached the mar
ket place. The old custom-house and the
water works have been taken. The Dal
ton block, the property of the United
States Consul where all the leading Ger-
weak. Many men In trying to protect the
women fell, struck by bullets.
In the middle of the streets, what with
the firing, the yell of the wounded and
the crying of the women and children, a
terrible scene was witnessed, bad enough
to disgust anybody forever with civil
war. The Government troops, however,
acted with humanity, especially the
forces of General Riveras, who, fighting
bravely, was the first to order the at
tacking party to be merciful.
At 8 o'clock this morning the Govern
ment generals, having effected a junction
of their forces north and south and hav
ing received further supplies of ammuni
tion, decided to push the attack on the
center of the city. At 10 o'clock the Gov
ernment troops had captured the north
side of the Alameda, the public park of
Ciudad Bolivar, which had been defended
by a double row of barricades. Behind
one of these were found more than thirty
dead soldiers, lying on top of each other,
while wounded men were Eeen on all
sides.
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
man and French reside. Is now being at
tacked. The jail is the center of a ter
rible resistance. All the defeated revo
lutionists have concentrated there. I( Is
estimated that more than 200 men have
been kitted in that vicinity.
The artlllerv of the revolutionists is
fiercely replying to" the attack of the fleet.
For two hours" vast the fleet has been
shelling La "Soledad. which has suffered
terribly. ...
A legal contest was- «-aged In Judge
Murasky's court yesterday between
factions of the Republican party. Rang
td on the eide of those who at present
hold the balance of power w*cre Abe Ruef,
Tom Rlordan and Henry Ach. Opposing
them were N. C. Coghlarv Colonel
Thomas Eddy and Martin Kelly.
The war was brought on by the petition
of Kelly for a writ of mandate compelling
the Board of Election Commissioners to
allow his faction of the party, the "regu
lar Republican organization." a place on
ihe ticket at the coming primary election.
The petition was demurred to and Judge
Murasky took the matter under subr
n:ission.
Attorney Tom Riordan spoke for an
hour on the rights of political parties
end gave numerous reasons why Kelly's
petition should not be granted. His
Xirincipal objection was based on the name
adopted by the Kelly faction. It sounded,
he eaid. too much like Regular Republican
party, and was therefore misleading and
liable to cause confusion.
"Confusion," said Rlordan. "was not
desirable and It was to avoid confusion
that the primary law was enacted."
At the afternoon seslon Ruef gave
pome more reasons why Kelly's faction
Fhould not be on the ticket. He also
attacked the method used to obtain a
rlace on the ballot, holding that the
present proceedings were useless, claim
ing that mandamus will not He in such a
case.
Ruef and Riordan were answered by
Coghlan and Eddy, Coghlan holding that
the present proceedings were proper, that
mandamus would lie. He also said that
the name was not misleading, and said
Jhat to call It such and to say It would
confuse the voter was a reflection upon
the intelligence of the man who uses the
stamp.
Eddy closed the argument for the Kelly
fide of the case by quoting from
the opinions of the Supreme
Justices. who had declared every
primary election law up to the law of
1901 unconstitutional. He said that every
voter had a right to object to the way
in which his party was managed, and
that there was no law to prevent him
organizing another branch and wresting
from those in control the management.
lie practically admitted that such was
the object of Kelly, and said the Election
Commissioners were not, by any law or
net. given the power to prevent such
action ats ayiy elector chose to take.
Henry Ach closed the day"s proceedings
by an attack upon the petitioners, saying
that the selection of the name borne by
the Kelly faction was an attempt to com
mit a fraud upon the public, and that It
was done simply" for the purpose of caus
ing confusion in the Republican ranks.
To-day at 3 a. m. Judge Murasky will
hear Kcliy'e second action, a suit for an
injunction restraining the Registrar from
placing on the ticket the names of the
delegates selected by the regular party.
The suit is brought on the ground tnat
the regulars have no governing com
mittee, and are, therefore, not entitled to
recognition.
It was decided to make the Southern
California exhibit a collective one "wherein
each county shall retain its Identity and
display some special feature Illustrative of
the products of Its section.. Secretary
Wiggins gave an outline of California's
A. B. Cass was elected chairman and
Frank Wiggins" acted as secretary. An
executive committee was appointed con
sisting of A. B. Cass, chairman; ,J. R.
Newberry, Robert McQarvin," C. M.
Brown" and L. B. McClure. The Central
Bank of Los Angeles was appointed treas
urer. • '
-LOS ANGELES, July 21.— At the Cham
ber of Commerce to-day the Southern Cal
ifornia St. Louis World's Fair Associa
tion was organized, the following named
county delegates being present : L. 8. Mc-
Clure, San. Diego County; Charles W.
Brown,' San Bernardino County; C. *W.
Me'rrltt, Santa Barbara j County; Francis
Cutle, Riverside County; A. B. Cass, J. R.
Newberry/'H. 8. McKee, J. S. Slauson.
Robert | \ McGarvln, i Thomas Pascoe and
Z. D. Mathuss.Los Angeles County.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The article Insinuated that uald lands were
Jumped by people of the Pacific Oyster Com
pany. The names of C. P. Overton, J. R. Dag
jrett and \jt \i. Smith were mentioned. I* W.
Smith is not now nor in fact has not at any
time been a stockholder .of the Pacific- Oyster
Company.
Mr. DRggett and Mr. Overton are stockhold
ers of the Pacific Oyster Company, but at no
lime have the directors of this company- au
thorized anybody to "acquire land for this com
pany by any other, methods than by purchase.
The members of the Darbee & Immel Oyster
Company own the controlling interest In th«
Pacific Oyster Company and If any of the
stockholders of this company have chartered an
armed sloop for the purpose of Intimidating
owners of oyster -lands, this company la In no
way a party to such methods of acquiring title
to property. *L. P. EATON,
0. ¦ Secretary Pacific Oyster Company.
In one of the newspapers on Monday there
appeared an artlc'e relating to the Jumping of
oyster lands In Alameda County by ' alleged
pirat<s.
These alleged Dirates have even Jumped land
to which the l'acific Oysjer Company has abso
lute title.
i This Jumping has been done without our
knowlff!j;f> or conoent and our company would
not eunder any circumstances stoop to eucls
methods of acquiring property. _ -
The Pacific Oy8t*r Comparty has bought and
pntd for every acre of Ha land In San Fran
cisco Hay. having: purchased the titles of Cap
tain William Roberts. Henry «• Martin. Mm.
M. Martin ard Han* Mathlenen. also all of the
right ami title of the heirs of the late Peter
Mathiesen to all of their claims.
Both Overton and Daggett are reported
to be men of ample means and it is hard
to understand exactly " what motive in
spires them in their present actions.
The Pacific Oyster Company in sub
stantiation of its position in the premises,
make? the following statement: ,'
EXACT MOTIVE UNKNOWN.
Roberts originally valued his 1500 acres
at f40,000, but quite recently offered to
sell for $1500, The Smith corporation ap
parently thought even this sum too
much and preferred taking the property,
if it could, by. means *of surveys under
new. filings, which, are now being prose
cuted under the ''protection of what the
San •-.Lorprtzoitcs call the ."armed; pirate
sloop."
The Smith faction to vindicate its ac
tions in the premises say that "the Rob
erts faction, has not lived up to the con
ditions of the act under which It was
granted Its lands, not, having complied
with the act.regarding the encouragement
of the cultivation of oysters."
When Overton and Daggett bought into
the Pacific Oyster Company they thor
oughly examined into the titles of tho
lands of that "company, and to make as
surance doubly sure, suggested that the
company, procure quit claim deeds of the
property from the original files of 1S79.
This was done. A short time since, when
Overton and- Daggett found they could
no lyct full swing 'of the Pacific Oyster
iirrVyariy, they announced that they were
d.es.!t:u?.ed with the management of the
'-.enc-'-n and wanted to sell out to those
holdir>» the majority of the stock, stating
as a reiiori that, "your way is not ours.".
Now com.8 the scheme in which they are
stated io be the alleged ringleaders. In
defiance of their belief that the title of
the Roberts-Martin contingent claims are
good, they not only have 'filed on the 1500
acres of tho Roberts claim, but have also
jumped 160 acres of the ' Pacific Oyster
Company's "property in which they them
selves own two-fifths.
WILLING' TO ACCEPT TITLE.
I The title irf* these tide lands was vested
in 1879 Jn W. Roberts, II. B. Martin, Mrs.
M. Martin and H. and P. Mathiesen under
what is known as the "oyster act."
The . real purpose of the owners or
managers of the "armed pirate sloop"
that is occupying the attention of those
Interested in- the oyster beds adjacent to
West San Lorenzo is not at present fully
apparent. The alleged owner of the armed
slopp-ls supposed to be a corporation
called' >he Smith Oyster Company, the
principal stockholders being I*. Wj Smith,
C. V P. Overtpn and J. K. Daggett. The
two last 'named are stockholders in the
Pacific Oyster Company, but this com
pany indignantly disclaims any connec
tion • whatever with the present piratical
proceedings.
From the statement of L. P. Eaton, the
secretary of the Pacific Oyster Company,
It appears that this > company was organ
ized early in 1500 and capitalized at $100,
000. Its property adjoins the lands in con
tention and is valued .it from $40,000 to
$50,000. I The officers are , C. P. Overton,
president; S. U. Darboe, vico president,
and L.. P. Eaton, secretary. It appears
that, Overton and Daggett own two-tilths
of the stock of the Paqtflc Oyster Com
pany and have been' buying out all the
small stockholders, with the intention, if
possible, of obtaining complete control of
the plant. Failing in this, they, deter
mined to start out and secure oyster
lands for themselves.
Court Will Determine If He
Is Entitled to place on
the Ticket. . •
Owners of Little' Vessel
Still Surveying at San
.. Lorenzo.' . .
Preparations Are Being Made
for a Great Display of
Products.
Claims of Politician Are
Now in Hands of
Murasky.
Pacific Oyster Company
Is Not Jumping
Oyster Beds/
World's Pair Association
: Organized at Los
Angeles.
KELLY'S SUIT
IS SUBMITTED
DENIES INTEREST
IN ARMED SLOOP
SOUTHERN MEN
PLAN EXHIBIT
TROOPS OF VENEZUELA
SLAUGHTER THE REBELS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1903.
allotment of space at St. Louis, but stated
that the exact amount which will go to
this State cannot be decided until each
county has given an expression as to what
It will reaulre.
According to a late report of the secre
tary of the Presbyterian board of churcn
erection fifteen church buildings are erect
ed In the United States every day la tna
year.
COMMANDER OF THE VENEZUE
LAN FORCES WHO ARE SLAUGH
TERING THE REVOLUTIONISTS.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS V
'< " "' ' ' ~ "" % ' .i^— ¦! g*
Tin Rollers. yi |l
I WINDOW SHADE WISDOM. 11
11 Do you realize what an immense inference there V { *
M is between the Improved Hartshorn
M shade roller and all others? 4$W$m&[ f^i
i Doyou know how it saves worry jlPfflH| pi \
M Do you know that it has h I
M wood, better spring?, is better made in .Ubsj& <-.^ |1 y
la every way than any other, stronger, j^a^^B (^
H simpler, easier working;, and is alto- B»^^g g|
M gC Do you know that it requires no "^I|^fw fcl
M tacks, but that four simple holders, Mp\ H
B each put on with one tap of a hammer, "^gggBpsL^^^I!
m^ fasten the shade firmly to the roller
|| so that it never tears out ? >^^pr
13 Do you know that there are lots ot ¦¦ , ||
1 i imitations and substitutes that promise well, but wncn |;|
m used worry you every day in the year? . R |
M If vou want your window shades to hang stratenx, gui |
I run smoothly and Hve; out their ***<*l£?^± lj
M you live yours—look on your rollers for this signature, j^y
t : . ? ¦ ' - • ¦¦•; '.¦¦' : : ;: t^-,: »
: - , **...: '
¦ . *'--»' ' -' •'•'¦.'¦¦ •'¦"•' ¦""•"¦ : . v ':'¦¦'¦¦¦':¦ .-<-• :-"::1
*- ' ' -- <1
¦ : •: ' . :¦',,,¦¦ ¦ -'; .. I
-" - ' , . , .:,. . . ¦.;• .:.;.-• : . •.- ;|
": "' ' ' " <• • - *
' '¦¦¦*¦¦¦- ¦¦"¦"¦" ¦¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦, ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦.-.¦•¦¦¦¦¦¦¦'•..¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦.:¦ -'•¦...:¦ :¦:¦¦.¦¦ ¦: ¦¦. ... .-: ¦+*§&$Pjfy*_i^ ; ''./".-. . .-¦ -¦ • • ' SnR&J^| '••-'':¦• ¦' ' JfflBJj^SM^BflB'BJBM
" ;' "HOME, SWEET HOME."
The Old Homestead.
BY HENBY P. SMITH.
Free Oil Painting
With Next Sunday's .Call.
There is nothing in the wide, wide world quite so appealing as home.
Be it ever so humble there is no spot like the habitation of the individual
man. Rich or poor, high or low, good or bad, prince or pauper, the in-
clination is for home, and any picture that represents home ties or home
features touches the warmest spot in the hearts of all men and women.
Apropos of this, The San Francisco Call presents as its art supple-
. ' . ment next Sunday an oil painting which is a perfect reproduction in color
of the celebrated picture by Henry P. Smith entitled "The Old Home-
stead." It represents a New England farmhouse and possesses artistic
qualities of the highest order. Its composition is well balanced, its color
harmonious and there is a satisfying fidelity in the completeness with
which the details are elaborated. There is an element of outdoors in the .
whole beautiful scheme. The farmhouse, with its antique, cozy character,
its great elm tree in front, its rich greens surrounding and its air of
shade, comfort and coziness are peculiarly attractive. . . f _
Smith, the artist, is one of the most successful of New York pic- .
ture-makers and he is one of the most cultivated men in the art world.
Hitherto he has devoted himself largely to Venetian scenes— pictures of .
architectural wonders of the Old World. The present effort is an innova-
tion; it passes from the grandeur of Granada and Seville to the homely
comforts of a New England homestead. The change shows great versatil-
ity in the artist and has in it an atmosphere that is peculiarly graceful
California readers will be especially interested in this attractive pic-
ture of Eastern homeliness and natural luxury, conveying as it does a de-
V licious sense of coolness that seems to exude from the canvas.
f REE, of Course, With Next Sunday's Call.
The Call is Sold by All Newsdealers on the Coast
They Are Framing Call \rt Supplements
The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing .
Gall Art Supplements:,;,,
Petaluma— H. S.,Qutermute, J.IH. Itarysville— G. W. Hall.
'. ¦ Wyckoff. •"¦ L^ ? . San Diego— W. P. Juiler & Co.,- . :
Sacramento— Hevener, Mler.& Co., 71 F street.
615 J street Oakland— XL J. Saake, 13 "Tele-
San Jose— George Denne, $L Len- graph avenue; J. A. Barlow, 369
V',\v- . sen & Son. Twelfth street.
Stockton— Morris Bros.» Bookstore, . Fresno— Sronce & Dick.
; 2O.North Eldorado^street; Stockton Redwood City-W. L. Kline.
S& W^er's art store, 425 East \^. Bros., P. B. Hew, George, Hoba*.
Main street.v : " ! V; * Alameda— C. P. Magagnos, 1338
.. ; Bedding— W. . H. Bergh, "Bergh Park street. - -
Furniture Company." - Chico— Fetters & Williams. .
DOAN'S KIDNEY PT1YL3. '___.__;¦
>G«eo©Gooooo©e©«o#e©©©o©oo«©ce©©»e«©e©©coeeoaoG£>ce©©oe©<SQO«GO©©Qaoo
The Kidneys ought to take about 500 grains of impure matter out of the blood every day\ They %
are the sewers of the human system. But suppose they fail to do their duty. Suppose the sewers 2
become clogged, and the 500 grains of |
>Qj3||||k. poison instead of being carried off is forced O
J&g^|||||$|ft back into the blood; carried into the veins %
JMSr^2£S£g£SH and muscles until the whole system is sat- -|
V35^fe^^^^ * s an y wonc^ er l^ at erc * s trouble ©
f^ l^A'^v when the kidneys do not do their work? J
/\ . l^^anrj ¦ \ n y wonder that backs ache and heads •
/ \ 1 V swim ? But there's a cure. , 9
I JeN§ ? It' \ Doan's Kidney Pills I
il^* vwi^^ /Sfilbk c k^ ne >' s to do their duty. Cure §
\ * ,AwZa^ X \ backache, ]^mz back, urinary troubles, ©
/u V /JtV- / j&J&j^ffos \ \ di a betes — everything hut the advanced o
[vU\ j^Pa\ ' >^®ftCww' J StagCS ° f Brig:ht ' s Di3case — nothing will \l
X^^^^^^^g^^SSsa^^ £an Francisco I?roof. %
C^^M^^a^^^^^^P^^ r - T - Colllne. silk hatt*r of lCrtOVj Hy6> str<?»t. ©
1 "» S^»^iM» »*yji: "It It a. difficult mutter to give greater prttise a
V -' J^*^8w^^™*w"QSB3Bgatt t> Dean's Kldnoy Pills than thair rem»ikab!e pro;>or- S
« • «^&/r : ~^r^^ v ih£ " v •>' s -;^V;a S ties deserve. ¦ Por several years I was botherea more • S'
V, • B^SsSSttBE'?* 1 ' cr less with kidney complaint, particularly If I con- .**
V ]g££Q2gtaMffiEgg! S£i|§@tgi%8 traded a cold, which was suro to »«at Itself in the 9
V gjBjfcgjg^qTOySaj^BHa^fti region of my back, just ov»r the kidneys. I fooled ©
V < Bfiy§l&>£T?'g*B^/^~ r r fet* *l tround for a long time trying ciefilclnes of various ®
V- ¦PWffie'^lBpJy £rV v-ft-V^-ffi kinds, none of which even help»d, tnd finally ,Mre. A
f' K^^^*8Kg«^g*B^rg| Collim, who had been reading: conilderable about 5
/!*^t«»K&3»3Bta3tX£w4*yfc«^ @£*^ipP^ Doan's Kidney Pills, advised me to take a course of X
// j'-'CWt^sS^^'^^^K^WEt t>le treatment. If the first box ha.l not brought re- J*
tsr\. § - "^KBMKBKWBflfeBflaB cults I can positively guarantee thin, I never would y
ii ' i'i nBJfiiiflffTMftiWSarPgwl ¦' ll * ve l >" u *ht a second, enrt If the second had not ©
t^^frAwSSL'«flHa¥dE^a8'i5S«'W»t?v stopped the last attack, and what Is better there ©
V3MKgyy^?<HaB%aBBB^wSWBaaSa^ has not been a symptom of a recurrence for e!jc ()
T^^^^ 1 ""^^^^^ months, I could not be Induced under any clrcum- A
stances to publicly recommend the preparation." q
Doan's Kidney Fills are for sale at all drug stores— 50c a box. ©
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y. |Window-Cleaner Killed.
So this mornini.lf the United Railroads
keeps its word, it will bringdown enough
time sheets from its offices to the court
room to nearly fill the room. .- ¦ :_ ...
The" case is ? taking much longer, to be
heard than was originally '/expected. •¦'-: At
the morning recess ; the opposing counsel
had. a short talk and as a result : came
to the conclusion that the case would
not be closed until , about /August 10.'- ;
Willcutt clearly showed that he had
the patience of Job. Llvernash would
ask him the same questions a dozen times
and each answer would come as distinct
ly and clearly as the first time"., Llver
nash attempted tor prove that the , time
vtable used by the men was manipulated
by the United Railroads In such a way
that it was impossible for a man to make
any overtime. While cross-examining
j Willcutt on this subject, Llvernash asked
the secretary if he would produce the pay
sheets of the platform men from March,
1902, to March, 1903. ' The company has
produced already the sheets for one
month and Attorney Moore thought this
ought to be sufficient. -..
"What Is it you want?" asked Moore.
"You want to sec what the actual earn
ings of the platform men have been . for
a whole year?"
"It will be quite a job." suggested Will
cutt. ."to produce all these sheets."
' "Everything seems quite a Job when 1
ask for it." answered Llvernash. ... - r
"Air right, all .right,',' said Attorney,
Moore. "Bring them all down, if it takes
ahorse and cart to fetch them. Do you
want- them this very minute, because ; if
you do we will get them," -said Moore..
"Oh don't be silly., about It," " replied
Llvernash. "To-morrow will do." '¦;. -
Hour after hour yesterday Attorney
Llvernash, r representing the Carmen's
Union, plied Secretary Willcutt , of the
United Railroads with questions at the
arbitration proceedings which are now
pending between the street car corpora
tion and its employes.
Jt The : sentence which Whitelaw was
writing trailed off in a scrawl. He shot
a sidelong glance at the aged woman;
who was swinging the prison doors shut
upon him'' with her, words/ and then he
began to trace* hasty, nervous hieroglyph
ics on the yellow paper *efore him.
"That man ; there— that' Whitelaw . grab
bed me In * his ; arms / and threw ¦: me be
hind theT parlor . door. Then he ¦- struck
me three » times with his ' revolver on the
head ; and the . blood , poured . into. my. eyes J '
v, Swiftly ' slid Whltelaw's pencil over the
yellow; pad/ Crazy squares; spindling tri
angles, meaningless dots or grinning faces
Mrs. Mathews began her story of *the
assault. upon her at 543 Halght street on
'March 4 andean easy smile played over
the-thin,: cruel- lips of .Whitelaw. He
carelessly- Jotted down a note and passed
to Attorney Barnes. "."'•-,
\-",When those three men entered the
house," Mrs. Mathews was saying, "I saw
Daws shoot the bolt in the door and I
knew I , was lost. Those three brutes
against me, alone and ¦ helpless."> . •
A piece of yellow legal foolscap, crowd
ed close with grotesque figures,' wavy cir
cles,-rhomboids askew and trembling
links of lines which looked like prison
fetters— this was the mute evidence which
escaped the eyes of lawyers* in Judge
Carroll Cook's court yesterday. It was
the nervous pencil of Bernard Whitelaw,
accused thug and. robber, which traced
these meaningless scrawls while Mrs.
Emma Mathews toid from the witness
stand of the pitiless blows rained upon
her arms, her head, her mouth by the
hand which was there busy with silly
tracings.
With arrogant confidence branded on his
face/already white with-*' the'- prison pal
lor, Whitelaw quitted. his unsavory. comr
panions, Nolan and . Davis, in the pris
oners'-.-dock and seated himself by the
side of his attorneys, W.S. Barnes and
C. S. Farquhar, when the Judge took hi3
seat. He chatted easily .with the men
who are fighting for his liberty and'thenr
as Mrs. ! Mathews took the stand, he seiz
ed a pad. of foolscap with a grand air as
If <? pin his accuser down to legal tech
nicalities.
To-day will be the last opportunity for
voters 'to register for the primary elec
tion. Registrar Walsh will keep his
office open frpm 8:30 a. m. until 12 mid
night to enable those who have not reg
istered to do «o or to note any changes
of residences.
Last Chance to Register.
Wyoming Goes to Sea. '.
The monitor Wyoming went to sea yesterday
for tarcet practice. . . 4
Willcutt Spends Anoth
er Day Answering
Many. Questions.
Mrs. -Mathews ¦Tells of
His Merciless
Blows.
When you get a fountain pen that suits
your hand. One that writes without any
shaking or coasing. We have them at
prices from ?1 to $5 each. Money back if
not satisfactory. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
Fen Troubles Disappear
ARBITRATION
DRAGS ALONG
WH ITEIAW FACES
ALLEGED VICTIM
Victoria Savllle, who was arrested last
May on a charge of grand larceny sworn
to by R. P. Smith, and who was subse
quently released in the Police Court^flled
a suit for 55000 damages against Smith
yesterday. She says her arrest was sl
piece of maliciousness.
Sues Smith for Damages.
"After Whitelaw and the other two had
ransacked the china closet, the chiffonier
and the clothes closet, "Whitelaw came
to where I was lying In my blood and
rubbed his pistol barrel on my cheek, de
manding where I kept my diamonds. He
said he would blow the top of my head
off If I did not tell."
Faster wpnt the scratching of "White
law's pencil. HI* trembling fingers in
dited wavering spirals that narrowed and
narrowed until they shut in the pencil
point. with strands of lines.
"When the noise of my rescuers came
from the front door Davis and Nolan ran
out the back way, but Whitelaw, stoop-
Ing over me, threw back my head and
choked me -with both his 'hands. Then
he clubbed jj his revolver and beat me
across the mouth until I was strangled
with the blood."
Slowly and distinctly fell the last words
of .the witness* accusing story and White
law's pencil, racing hither and thither on
began to^appear from that nervous point
of lead. -
the paoer, left behind It heavy black
lines, crossed and recrossed like the Iron
bars of a prison.
Unshaken remained the testimony of aU
the witnesses to the circumstances of tho
cowardly assault and robbery. The sto
ries which had helped send Docia Nolan,
the crafty leader of the gang, to prison
were again told to weave the' net which
is surely, relentlessly dragging Whltelaw
to the penitentiary.
Police Captain George Russel first swore
to the correctness of the diagram which
he had made of the scene of the crime.
Mrs. Ida Tuttle. \dauchter of Mrs. Math
ews, next told of^the forged telegrams
sent her. by the th.'^yes.to lure her out
of the house. Miss if: Keene, the tele
graph otwratnr at 2 H^pes street, and
Herbert Popplewell. ¦ the imessenger^ boy
who carried; the telecrhm. then told
straightforward stories. \
District Attorney L. E. fiyington and
C. E. Lindsay conducted the \pr os > ccutlon -
The case will be resumed at*Jl? o'clock
this morning. V
The California structure .will be entire
ly unlike any other on the exposition
grounds. For this reason its advertising
power will be great.
"^he front of, the structure will repro
duce the Santa Barljir_ mission, with the
exception that Instead of one wing flank,
ing the towers there will bte two, one on
either side of the towers.
The architects whose plans : were ac
cepted are Newsom & Newsom. . , Three
other sets of plans were considered, pre
pared -respectively by Shea & Shea. Mc-
Kay & Kraser and Harvey L. V. Allen, tho
last named being from Los Angeles. Their
ideas did not embody the mission form
of architecture sufficiently to please Gov
ernor Pardee, who had the decisive voice
In making the final decision. The. build
ing Is to be of staff and will cost $15,000.
Governor Pardee, said that his . Idea is
that there is no architecture distinctively
Calif ornian that is adapted 7 to such a
structure as a State building with the
exception of the mission type. No visitor
to the exposition, seeing the mission re
produced, which will be set on a hill, can
fail to know that there California is rep
resented.
Governor Pardee conferred with Com
missioner J. A.. Fllcher and. Secretary
"Willis of the St. Louis Exposition Com
mission yesterday afternoon - and fjnally
approved the plans for the California
building at St. Louis, of which a* picture
was published in The Call a, few days
ago.-
Adopts Mission Building
to Represent State
at Big Fair.
GOVERNOR GIVES
FINAL SANCTION
PALO ALTO. July 21 —The Rev. S.
Fraser Langford, pastor of, the
Palo Alto First Baptist Church,
has resigned his position here and
will be in the pulpit for the last
time next Sunday. He leaves to carry
on work in the Rochester /Theological
Seminary in New York.
Mr. Langford has been minister here
for the last year, having, however, filled
the pulpit of this church for several
months three years previously, during the
absence of the regular pastor, the Rev.
Robert E. Whltaker. Mr, Langford was
originally a resident of Oakland, where
he studied in the Baptist. College. Later
he went East and. did several years' work
in the Rochester . Theoiogical . Seminary,
returning to California to take the posi
tion In Palo Alto. . It is probable that he
will take-up the work here again In a.
year. . ... . : ..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Palo Alto Baptist Church
Loses Rev. S. Fraser
Langford. _
Attorney Hiram W. Johnson, who is
representing Horst. thinks he has a clear
case agaltrst.the defendant. "I am con
vinced that Mr. Horst has been wronged."
said Johnson, "and we are going to fight
this case to the limit. I Jiave thoroughly
investigated the matter and there is'no
question in my .mind that the ¦ How
ard Company owes Horst tire $6000 for
which he is about to sue. '
"He will ask $*500 for the loss of his
barley from the sacks, $900 which he lost
in false weights and $600 which he has
already 6pent in trying to straighten out
the case. Mr. Horst shipped most of this
barley to England and the firms to whom
It was consigned complained that all the
shipments were short."
John L. Howard, president of the How
ard Company, takes the matter very cool
ly and states that the firm is In no way
indebted to Horst. "All warehouses de
duct a certain amount from each sack of
grain 6tored with them," said Mr. How
ard, "but when the cleaning-up time
comes they allow the firms who do busi
ness with them this amount back.
"We offered to settle with Horst and
give him just what was due him. but he
refused, and wanted four times the
amount coming to him. As far as the
other charges go, I will simply state that
they are false ar.d will prove it in open
court. The rase is In the hands of our
attorney. Sidney Smith, and he will look
out for our Interests in this matter."
Horst states that he Indignantly refused
to settle the case for anything like that
sum. He demanded that Howard pay
him $4500 for the grain deducted from his
*acks and $900 which he alleges he lost
by short weights.
HOWARD DENIES FRAUD.
] According to Horn. Howard admitted
i that it was the custom of his company
, to deduct two pounds from every five
! sacks stored in the warehouse. He ad
mitted, according to Horst. that tfils had
been done in his case, and then agreed
; to pay the latter $1200. which Howard
) said _wa« the value of the barley deducted
j from Horst's pile.
When the time came for settling up
the accounts Horst says he discovered
that the Howard Company had deducted
two pounds from every five sacks of the
barley stored in the warehouse. Horst
began an Investigation at once -~d states
that he discovered he had been cheated
in his dealings with the warehouse com
pany. He then made many vain attempts
to have an understanding vith the How
ard Company, but. according to his state
ments, he could get no iatisfaction. Two
days ago. he says, he went to see How
ard about the matter and demanded an
explanation from the latter in regard to
the alleged falsifying of the weights and
deduction of the barley from the sacks
stored in the warehouse.
HORST'S ACCUSATIONS.
According to Horst. his firm delivered
to the Howard Company 88.000 sacks of
barley to be stored with them. Shortly
afterward. Horst alleges, he discovered
that the barley had been weighed in false
ly and that he was .rendered receipts by
the Howard Company on these urilrue
figures.
dds interest to the case.
The suit will be watched ' with r great
interest by the grain dealers and the gen
eral public as well, for, coming right on
the heels of the Epplnger scandal, much
more attention will be paid to it than
at anv other time. The fact that the
principals in the suit are well known and
highly esteemed in commercial circles
Another crain scandal is likely to de
velop fr«m a suit filed yesterday in the
Superior Court by H. Clemmens Horst,
the well known dealer in hops and bar
ley # against the, Howard Company, the
warehouse corporation. He asks 56000
damages, claiming that the Howard Com
pany withheld from him a large amount
of barley and that the grain was falsely
weighed. Balfour, Guthrie & Co. are
made co-defendants In the case, as the
grain was stored in their warehouse,
though Horst did business directly with
the Howard Company.' ;>.
Claims Barley Was With
held and That Weights
Were Falsified.
Brings Suit to Recover
$6000 From Howard
Company.
HORST ALLEGES
HE WAS CHEATED
MINISTER
WILL TAKE
NEW FIELD
- THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, , JULY 22, .1903.
PALO ALTO BAPTIST CLERGY
MAN WHO WILL GO TO THE
EAST.
An. aged window cleaner .employed ;-J by
Julius Levy; Nos. 5 and 7 Sansome [ street,
fell.' from; the sill of a third-story window,
of that building I yesterday j afternoon ' and
was Instantly killed. ' He; was, known ; aa
"Fritz" 'and "Dutchy,". and was supposed
to ; live In Alamedal , The body was taken
to'the Morsue for identification. ';¦:"..
5
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
And Have It Guaranteed to Look Better, Wear
. Longer and.Cost Less Than the Best
White Lead Paints,
___________ ¦ • ¦
. '¦¦¦ . . • ¦ ¦ . .. ' ¦ • ¦
Never Fades, Cracks, Chalks, Peels or Blisters and Is Not Affected by Gases— Our
Pacific Coast Distributors Will Send 50 Sample Colors and
Illustrated Booklet Prepaid to Any Ad- -
; dress Absolutely Free.
The rest of palntinz the bouse and barn, ' fades, never cracki. never blisters never peels
outbuildings and' fences Is a heavy burden, covers more surface than the highest-priced
Cheap paints soon fade, peel or scrape oil and, paints and costs less than the. cheap mixed
white lead and oil costs to much and has to paints that' injure instead of protect. There Is
b« replaced so often that it is a constant ex- but one Carrara. It is made by the Carrara
pense to kcti» the bright, clean appearance so Paint Agency, Cincinnati, Ohio, and any one
(fcsirable In the cozy cottage home or the ele- having a house to paint should send to our Pa-
Rant mansion. The fyllowing' are a few of the clflc Coast distributors. The Johnson-Locke
larse users of Carrara Paint: The Waldorf- Mercantile Co., 123 California st., San Fran-
Actoria. New York, one of the most.magnifl- cisco. or.O. C. Zahn Paint Co.' (Inc.),- 231 W
cent hotel* in the world, has used tons and tons First St., Los Angeles, for 50 tret sample colors
of the ¦world-famous Carrara l'alnt: Penr.syl- an d our ?handsome, booklet,' showing many
vanla II. n. Co.; Pullman Palace Car Co.; Chi- buildings reproduced: In all. the colors, Just "as
cago Telephone Co.; Ontral Union Telephone they are painted from this great paint that has
Co.; Field Mueeum, Chicago; Kenwood Club, stood the most rigid tests for years and,. bear
Chicago; Cincinnati Southern: C. & K. I. R: It.- In mind, that It Is the only paint ever, nianu-
Co.; Denver & Rio Grande R. R.: Wellington factured that Is backed 'by a' positive guarantee
Hotel. Chicago. . In every case. Write to-day < and .save half
Carrara is used because It lasts loncer. never your taint bills in the future. -.'">;
¦- ."-.. —i ¦ .' ,'¦ ¦ ¦
Safe from Summer Complaints '
All mammas, and papas too for that matter, dread the heat of summer
with it's danger for the little folks, especially the babies. It is simply
¦jjJJfKgfr. heart-breaking to read year after, year
¦^^.tLttSSfc about the great death rate among children
J&* lja§L caused by the summer's heat. Yet it is
S, j|||gS easy to protect the infants against all sum-
AC<^ fj^Hjf mer complaints, because we know that all ,
a these fearful perils have their beginning
' A^^^ffir - * n stomac^ an<^ bowel troubles,
S^^^sT • /SS and we nave a P erfect family
I V^^/fp^ medicine that will keep the del-
Jk \ > icate machinery in a"child's body
f^\ >lr^>\^ clean, regular and irihealthywork-
A^ \ tS' 4^ ing-brderin the hottest weather
V- />sA^£^5 . —CASCARETS Candy Cathar-
I 1 t ' c> e P' um P» bouncing, crow-
Ea^^y^Qv " w^[ Ar winter, and summer. Nursing
WKj^i^C^^^ XVISr mammas take a CASCARET at
JF^^^B^^^Y \v-^ ¦ bed-time, and it makes their
W&^E>r mother's milk mildly purgative
*^^^ " and kce P 3 the bat>y J ust "S' lt '
X^^ Xf^P^ Older -children like to take the
fragrant, sweet little candy tablet, and are safe from colic, gripes,
diarrhoea, summer rash, pfickly heat and all the mean troubles that
summer brings with.it. .
. >«_^Y. • v . - ; 5% ;i B t for the Bowels. - ' All drugaiits, 10c, 33c, 50c. Nevsr told In bnl*. -
/rVr^PflTlPl^ -The eenuine tablet stamped C C C. Guarantee^ cure or your none/
UV^VWVVW b k » jjampls and booklet free. Address
i^^^ggg^^^ Sterling Remedy Co.. Cbicaso or New YorJu 10
THE EMPOBIuk. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMi-ORHJM/
i ¦ *HmBi2i**l D~~l,~ Accour/lscan be opened by responsible \ 3Sc Charity Purses
| &CnOOa BOOKS parties. Apply to our Credit Bureau. To-Day 32c
X attSi SUppKlCS ' S/9 J@^ f "• A large lot of those pretty and convenient little
| Everything that will be required during the C ° ?D Pu " CS ' ** h ° H n1ckcIs ' dim " ° r 6vC *
\ coming term by N scholar» in the . Primary, Gram- „ Vn^V f IF doIlar 8 oId P lcce^ cjther silver or gun metal
i mar and Hgh .chools, and .tudents in the finish; suitable for lady or gem'eman-to-d.y:
» ., ,. i r> ,. «"'¦"¦¦¦•' "^H^^Ss^»^^^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE _. ,_ , . . ... . . . #o '
g Medical Colleges— at department Store v *^ - , ¦¦-¦ t ' The 35c kind, without chains, 12c
» Special Sale Goods ordered by mail _. __ , , . .¦ . . n ~
jj prices. -, , . or telephoneu'illnotbesentCO.D. The 50c. kind,, with chains .¦ gJc
| \ Phegromenai Handkerchief Seiiiheg To-Day
if I Ladies' I5g, 2Oc and 25c Handkerchiefs for tOc
J? Ju:t 250 dczen in this lot of Women's Pure L : nen Hrmstitched Handkerchitfj— -all of . them that we could buy at the price. 'S^^4^
j •£ Vaiio« widths of hems—^,J^ and I inch; all at the uniform price— to-day only.. . .... . 3 <ij?iur
|| Ladies' Mid-Summer Styles Not in Carpet Combine
S M v*.. m MB n - Our Usual Low Prices Prevail
I J >Ji • ' *r% B iSMITSi UFSiSGt* ift*£Ge . We did not join the carpet combine told of in the Examiner July 16th,
&° $3u F 4 1 "' tm" F *^> to ma^ nta ' n h'gn prices on carpets. We have the largest stock of carpets that
it sjr£> %JUSi in By express. we have ever had at one time before, all standard makes in the very latest
* '<<£ly New Wash Dresses, $13.50 -Accompanying picture ilujtrates designs, and marked at cur rcgu:ar low department store prices, which mean
* %"L ooe style oi thrm. The/- ire worth $18.50. They are the ht:st mid- b . nnrehase-i
* - T^5fN «um ner product on b itreet and outing wash it-ties, material fine lin:n * 8 rcal saving IO purcnaseiS. .. . % . -
T n. vM\ pique, ntw i 7 seam blou e, frocic cokr, erery teim neatly corded and Smith s Axminsterj and Smith j Wool Velvet Carpets-the cho:c= of over *£ « *£ g-
* / : V^ifv\\ stitched, here oaly at . . . $13.50 aoo pieces in the best F att:rns, jewid, lned and laid, per yard *p M B/Gm%J
I * h ? Wilt ? C ' n:at y tUckjd ' C ° rdrd ' nd $hter ' * m ° !t ""SS ' plain square 3-inch l,g,, well rn,de and well
\$ V/ // // / //rV New Pcd «« tpi an Skirts for Early Fall Wear— Just in', tional price P/f^^ W^^^n^^^
I >' fain/ 1 i aidalready mjrlced at end of »easonp-ices;.Zibiines, Mohairs, Cheviots, DaVinportJ— Probably the handsomest as:lrt- ' || |»' f fe
'J^ Pirnilr' Brcadcoth, Scotch Matures and fancy material?, in n:w coljtingj and , ment b C-lifbrnia; comfort, roominesi and / r 0t^\ | | Wi 8 '
jj I \\ «ombhad:nsj they ars inarkel :— '//. '.' durability, combined w'.th good style; je: our /jby/ZWfi 1 H \ R
* V \V GA *CT Wo «7 C/l i, n 4n 4t1K 6-foot m>hogany frams Davenports at . . . Wf CSzS^I &i Wi 3 H
$ \l ' II v^V Black Lawn Waist, 98c— Ju«t paced on sa'e Colonial Davenport— Finest crotch mahogany <g V 2 I |
J \ M^s. ¦ : -: 1 ; yesterday, the .'atrst thing, well made, full cut, and nfatly frame, upholstered in frieze mohair plush . J EL \f it *f
i- /4\ ll\"^^^ White Wash Waists, 78c -Made in Oxford i you would expect to pay $150.00 for <&
% B \ T> effects, fill pleated fronts, ful sleeve, a good $r.ob value , this Davenport. Good Dining Chair-Solid oak, full box
» l >— JJ-* ' for. . . . . . . . . . . . . ... : .' 78C Buffets— AH woods, all styhs, all finLhss^ frams, cane seat, French legs, for only . .
5 . : -___^ from the modest highly polished cne at $2mOO
i* ...... . . .. ¦¦ , ¦ . / , $Q.5O to th: very elegant cne at Other Dining Chairs $1.00 to $13.50
*[ \fa/£&'i£f % &% AM (T^StBWM&'M^Srt ' $100mOO China Cabinet — No fancy prices on these, we
5 " 4MmM*MM %JM %0€MMMM**J CM ¦ ¦ PIate Rack— Good, substantial cne in golden off « » S 00^ subsunti^l one in golden oak at
»' Cmmgmg% %RJFS4&B jrf&^?l>&$ oak, with hooks to hang cups on and double v; SiSmOO
jf rrtG wwnn.- <&unuui ¦ f^ym tey< hv *^x*hM* mB te,«iijm A Tcry much , arger chin 7 c Z t *&
%i f?Aim^^ B*ffdr*M*f* \\Wr-\\ *j)) * " " *. ' '• O/.C/O curved glass ends at $25. OO
* &Uia& Bsouggn* wv9srG other styles $I - 5 ° io $6 - 5 ° others u *> io $"s-°o
% Every boy wants a watch — almost every boy needs a \&~£?%y ~~"""— ¦— "— ~ -^ — 1»^ — -™._»_
J new luit afthis time. We are giving both for the price of — OSWOB^tUStQ GSlSlSS &Vfi?#*© &&$G
»' one. If your boy prefers a Brownie Camera with his new' suit he can have , *
K that instead of the watch. The watch is full sue, open face ; and an excclent timekeeper. We f^^ MaSOIl FrUlt Jarg— The Standard smooth finished top
j» call particu'ar attention to these three values in Boys* Clothing: I J==^\ j ar Mason porcelain caps, to-day only;
J Boys' :Nor/oik and Doubie-Breasted Suits-Au-wooi fabric, 3 - la \ pints— 45c dozen; Quarts— 55c dozen;
j; mcely tnmmed and perfect fitting, .*« for 8 to 15 J«* , • 9***3 l\ \ GalloilS-rOC dozen.
If WM^^^^^-^^ $*'95 WS Lined Covcrs-For Mason Fruit Jar,, instead cf^'a
jf . . , \^\&^ dozen, special to-day. ..' 2Otz
K mmmt^^ m^ mm^ mmmmm^^^^^ mmmmmm^ mm^ mm^—mmmmmmm—^mm——mmmmm^—mm l| i J ' * X » S P CCW * IO-&VJ * dozen. . .'. ," > . "V ..'.'. . SC
K -r«.^^« irw MAA «ff MM /m, Q4tMUoh Jt& Ice Cream Glasses— On foot, imitation cut glass, regularly
j; These Exceedingly Stylish dozcn ' t0 dav 66c
%" Patent Leather OxfOrdS l!im®2&3&%& Olivc Dishes— Imitation cut g'ass, regularly 72c dozen, to-day each. . . . 4 C
S* tf O &%{% /wJnBffil^P* Colored Tumblers — Thin blown, red or iridescent, i dozen in a box, regularly
-, *p&M*M%M jjgRSBBI^ i^Q $2.12 a box, special to-day — per dozen . . . . ¦ ;" fyi:.. . . . $J m 25
SYou have never seen a better shoe value than BfwF Lemonade Set— Colored glass, pitcher, 6 tumblers and si'.verine tray . $1.65
K this. Ladies' all Patent Leather Oxford Ties, JPJBH Ale Glasses— Thin blown, gold band, dozen . . . ' . $1.25
»,; the very latest style toes, with Goodyear >g^5^ Claret or Lemonade Tvmblers— Thin blown, gold bands, dczen. . . $1.00
Jf welted soles and the popular military heels— «^^ Punch Bowl — On foot, a splendid imitation of cut glass, 14 inches across, com-
«f , in fact the kind of shoes that many stores throughout the country- sell at pletc with 1 2 handled lemonade glasses to match, for $4,00
ft? $3.50— all siz=i v here at ..../. . . . ¦¦ . . . . . . $2.5O Fruit Dish on Stand— dear glass, 1 2 inches across 5Q C
¦i fiM—fsiMn Qisalg* I Grocery and Liquor Values India Linons,
I UUrtain &ate Wednesday and Thursday n^»JiLZ fL
$ !90 Pairs of Cable Net and Madras Weave YeFocros Java and Mocha- 1 lb. packages, Port or Sherry -5 bottles . . . . $1.OO UrffanOieS, BLXC.
jt NoUingham Curtans-3^ yards long, 50 C1 ,h er ground or bean . . . . 2Oc Hire's Root Beer— Carbonated, 3 bets. 25O Sale of White India I innn«— a
Jf to 60 inches wide; not. more than 4 j*jg Hawa|i , n g p ineapple _ LargCit & tins 2%o Schil , e ? f Be$t MaIt T onic-Do«n $1.65 fin C clo^wetvefz inches
J any one style, w<r 5 J4.oo.to ?6.oo a pair, R „ tf , Monte, 10 lb. Port, Sherry or Ange!ica-Our 7 year old flnC ' C ' OiC . wcave ».32 »ch« .Wide,
I t<Ml.yandThurdaay- ...•.;•- cloth sack| . 366 f 1. 50 qualify. gaUon $1.05 * D1Ce . fabm " for children's
JC . $3mUU IO $4*88 Worcestershire Sauce — Lea & Perrln's, Gannymcde "76" Pure Rye— full c,ts. Q5o dresses, ladies' waists and suits,
J. 250 half pairs" Nottingham Lace Curtains— pints. . ... 4-tC Old Dominion Whiskey— Good straight bour- instead of 17 *4c a yard, to-day on V
SV 3^ yards long, 50 to 54 inches wde, are Salad OH— Best Union, quarts. . . . .18o bon, gallon $1.98 #O
it divided into four lots, marked just half torn Meal— Best Yellow, io lb. sacks 25O Old Highland Scotch Whiskey— Wm. Wil- * * * '• * •*«»«?
•£ what they ar-- worth— . , F or(e , Shredded Wheat Biscuits or Grape Barns', for high balls, bottle 80O Colored Organdies— 32 inches vr.de, tcj nne
i 20Ow 35C. 75C, 85O Nut», for the two days, l packages . 25O yOId Holland Gin— Pmeapple flavor, bottle fibric « V^ln colors only, pink, bl«, r=d,
* 300 pairs Muslin Ruffle Curtains in dotted, Electro Silicon- Silver polish, 3 boxes 20O 65o '^ndcr, nUe, white and black Ar ladies'
K figured and other design*, are marked for Extra Caret— a qualty that you cannot du- Extra Sauterne or Relsling— Dinner wine*. waists or evening wear, per yard t^J 12YzO
Jf special sa e to-day — . - plicate anywhere at 50c a gallon, for the gallon 75C Covert Cloth — Very fine twill, heavy make,
A»* ill. 00 styles, 68c 1 1- SO styles, S8O two days, 3 gallons $ 1. 00, gallon jrmmm LJbby's Deviled Ham or Potted Tongue, 6 suitable fjr outing suits and borne use, a full
J? $I*.»5 styles, 78O *i-75 «yle», $1mO8 • ~ &OG tins 2SC assortment of color?, per ya.i . . . 12 x /iO
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SimpfeRemedy
«. Jfior m
ShinTmuble
E Bathe tre affected part with EZ
{I Kelakell's Soap, dry with a soft E
jjj towel, and with the finger apply H
j SeixkeU'B Ointment. One applies- B
fj tion a da*y. for a short while, usu- ¦
j| ally .cures — never required moie H
rl than twire a day — for a complete B
fi cure of I itniilcs. Blotches on Face. H
\\ Barbers Itch, Totter. Erysipelas, D
|j Salt Hheuni. Staid H«jad, Ring- n
W worm. Jteh. I'lcera. Kurns, Scalds, H
ts Ulcers .n Kar. Sore Nose and Eye- rj
il lids. Itching Piles, and any erup- B
I] tion o* the skin. ZXelskelTa Oint- ¥
I aent cures where all alteratives, F
Jl sarsa'jarillas. Iodides and mercu- ft
il rial medicines fail. It is very t
j.j soothinjr and ooollng. making the e
H skin beautifully fair and smooth. C
R rtetvmmei.ded and used by physician* B
» for fifty years. At druggists'. &O cents. ¦
p S*rd for book of testimonials. FJ
( JOHITSTON, nOLLOWAY & CO., B
B^ £31 Commerce St., Philadelphia. JB
Stenog-" I
% Ehould ha.v« every raclllty for the J
'(. execution of your work. Puch * "S
j- typewriter desk as the cne fcere t"
>. ehown Is dedded'y -en exreUrnt in- £
J vestment. There are no sticking
J\ drawers, no stubborn slides, no
1 *prtng-halt In the shifting &erle*. j
j: E'.mply and tastefully finished la >;
% jclden O»k. Its price. P
I $40.70 |
£ Art" to ' «ee No. 4233. We shall |
S b« rlad to show you on our sales 7
•'• Cocrs a number of dlSerent varle- i
2 tlf» of t ypewrtter desks in both r^
J flat azid roll top. ranging In price ;•
from $20 to f75. |
% Ttwmu fls Erbc ZXf %. Co. i %
% 635-G39 Mission St. \
f\ l»hcne Main X7»0.
s n. i * ' _ f » WHAT
(/Wi UR eyes
CURES ALLEY! DISEASES. \ ~- £m?
IKFUKE3 DtS,SCAIIS OH UDS^*fc__.
CRANUIATION ETC. '¦ZR^ZlJr
California tur.hckt. strcng winds ar.i ajkali
6\itl cause eye trouble. Little troubles fro-w.
Alurine Is a favorite ic'.let requi<lt«, restore* a I
faded eye to ruttunj brllU&ncy. doean'C smart.
•ootbes eye pain.
The laboratories of the Murine Eye Remedy
Co., Chicago, are the largest in the world pro-
ducing en exclusive line ef eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
AND VALISES AT
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES
J. MARTY, 22 TUBK ST.
Factory &26 Howard St.
©Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BI?HOP < S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
yc-ars by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and ¦ their
followers. Positively cure the
¦n rn cases la old and young i
p-rising from effects of setf-
ebuse, cissrpation, excesses or j
cigarette smoking. Cure I>o»t
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Klgbt Losses, Insom-
r..'a. PsUaa in Cack. Kvll Desire*. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Lo?t ef Seni^n. CS f\ Vartcocele or Con-
•tlptition. 'Stop ICor ~ p \J vous Twitching of
KyeliOs. Effects are Impart
vlpor and potency «- fc/ " * to every function.
Don't get desjxmclent, aicure Is at band. Ke-
etcn tmall, undertlor»ed organs. Stimulate ;
tbe brain and nerve centers; SOc a box; 6 for .
%Z to by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
v^rtury rffundpd with « boxes. Circulars free.
Artirpss BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St.. j
Fan Kranc-sco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. *3S
srf 4<i Third «t.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
f gUSEUH OF AHATOMYf
k gS ::::ai;rsr:r.bci.£:i*:i,:.?.:^, 4
\ Or The Larr«t t.mjs-m.ci'. M'jsrux in the \
A tM\_rm_ W <» : <1- **eak«e»ie» cr n.y enntracted m
r Vf" f*tft c^M p.«lil»»'.'riiri^tr ihtciiol *
© fjS Ml bpccu.l:st on the Coast. 1-st. -.', years. 9
0 /iCgl DR. JORDAN-OtSEASES CF KEN 6
! I vtSfeE CosMi'tahcn free and itrirtly pri»a»r. \
i+?I H Tre»t«ne?.t ptrscni! j- <t by IrtTer. A m
J f TSl m /•«..• f t Curt in every case txiilerukea. T
r/ •' r* Write for Hook. miLOKUPBYaf 1
* 4 n't aiA.ItllIA.Ci:. KAIILU fil_£. ( A W
A Jl il va'uaSle booic fur men) \
9 on JOBDAS * *"O.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. 9
JA Those ficlTcrins from weak-
6^ liesbfs wLich Kap the pleasures
* ¦ P of life should take Javcn Pills.
in On* bottle ttUI U-ll a story of
rr.Rrvclons result*. This medicine has more
r'jjvcnatine. vitalizine force than lias ever
b*f-n off»Tfd. Sent by jaail in plain package
only on r**c<?i;>t of thin adv. a.nd $L
uadt tr it* oriyir.&tors ('. I. Hood Co.. pro-
tocitSon IIikxYh ti&rpaparillx Lovrell. Mass
rv483B^~m MENANDWOMEIV.
jp?-S~fi. iui <:«Tt/@ «iifcclj»r«es.in£»r.imttions.
t*\si* Guirictttt V? irritation! or ulcrratloBJ
ft*»J? boi u «rtei=re. of ran coon niembr&nes.
tr"-*!' 1 rmnii cmutIm. p«ln<eu, and not Mtrla*
y^ifTHtEuxcCriygtlC?. eent or polsonotn.
*Cf» ClhCIHKiTI.C.ggQ Held hy DrarcUtS,
'S^iV C. e. a. jSsF or i«nt la plain wr*pi>«r,
<^k \, T »ipr»". prepaid, for
tl.CO. «r3bj».tl»'it2.T5.
# ¦ Circcla*- tect en rcguezt.
y j MARKET 5 F
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue ana Price Lists Mallei
en Application.
1 AC RflYFS rr f» fcfcll*!cs Butcher*. 1M
UCHBlCXTlXa OILS. I.COXARO * Et.f.:g
<:s> J-'rcnt st.. S. r. ¦ i'l.pne Male 1713.
Weekly Call. $1; jeriYear |The large' and distinguished community of highr
waymen which thrives among us and prospers in ill
gotten" gain seems no lpngerUo be ¦content in* simp'le
robbery, but , insists' that every victim shall b\» 'beaten
and abused as : well as despoiled. M idnight maraud
er^ of the mask arid bludgeon might. take a little
friendly advice and' reflect; that- there' is a stage at
which the worm will turn.
Russia has resorted to the unusual and apparently
unnecessary precaution of denying a rumor in refer
ence to her intentions in her foreign policy. If the
St. Petersburg Government purposes to refute all the
rumors which arc circulated regarding its affairs it
will have to organize a bureau of denials more form
idable and more industrious and indefatigably ener
getic than ail her other public departments combined.
REPORTS published some time ago to the ef
fect that Mr. Cannon would oppose all ef
forts at currency legislation during the com
ing session of Congress and would make use of
the issue to bring to a test the relative powers of
the House and the Senate appear to have been
exaggerations. Cannon believes the present currency
system to be sufficient for the needs of the country
and willoppose legislation in the way of reform or
alteration of any kind.' He believes in ; letting well
enough alone, and on the currency question as on
that of the tariff will stand pat. It is not true, how
ever, that he will use the powers of the Speakership
to oppose the efforts of the reformers, nor will he
undertake to make it an issue between the House
and the Senate.
The correction of the original report clears the
situation. It is now. evident that the controversy
over the currency will be waged upon the merits of
the issue and that there will be no outside antagon
isms brought into it. Under such conditions it
seems probable that some kind of reform providing
for an elastic currency will be adopted. Senator Gal
linger of New Hampshire in a rccent'speech at .Con
cord declared positively that such legislation would
be had. He is reported as saying: "Don't get dis
couraged. You are probably business men and feel
the pinch of money, but I tell you that when we get
back to Congress next November we will pass a cur
rency bill that will remove the pinch."
It is not yet possible to forecast • what form of
elasticity will be recommended by the committee of
the Senate that is now investigating the, subject. A
new plan is reported to have been submitted to the
committee and to have found favor with Senator Al
lison. A dispatch from Washington giving an ac-r
count of it says: "The plan authorizes the issue of.,
additional currency by- national banks, up to 25 per
-California. 8ouvenJre=—Gredt: variety at
Sanboriv& Vall's/ 741'; Market street.' •
Professor Herrick of Chicago, who has shed his
intellectual light upon the summer school at Berkeley,
is said to be cynical, satirical and unmerciful to the
teachers with whom he comes in contact. Independ
ent of the professor's desire to shine in the only quali
ties he probably possesses, some concession must be
made to his Chicago connections. Anybody coming
from Chicago may be excused for anything disagree
able.
CURRENCY LEGISLATION
A Kansas jury has given a verdict for $400 dam
ages to a man whose neighbor called him "a Kansas
jackass." The other man has appealed the case on
the ground that it is not slanderous to the average
man to call him after a jackass who has the advan
tages of a Kansas training.
Special information supplied - daily to
business houses and public men- by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 200 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •
| Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st., above Call bldg. •
The County Leitrim Social Club met
last evening and perfected the arrange
ments for the thirteenth annual picnic
to be held next Sunday at Harbor View
Park. A .varied programme will be given
and many valuable prizes will be offered.
The committee In charge of the picnic
consists of P. McGushen, P. J. Meehan,
R. J. O'Reilly, M. J. Moran, P. C. Mor
ton, James Bohan, Peter McKeon, James
Reilly, Frank Conlan and James Mor
ton.
County Leitrim Club Picnic.
BLOOMINGTOX. 111., July 21. — W. f E.
George, formerly master mechanic of the Colo,
rado Southern, has been «ppolnted master me
chanic of the southern division of tho Kansas
Southern Railway. •„. ,;
A lecture will be delivered this evening
by Barnett Franklin before the members
of the San Francisco Architectural Club
at the elubrooms, 14 McAllister street.
The subject of the lecture will be ••Pos
ter Artists and Their Work."
To lecture on Art Work.
The vacancy In the United. States
Internal Revenue office, caused by the
death of Senator George H. Williams, has
been filled by the appointment of G. G.
Bolsson, Assemblyman from the Forty
fifth Assembly District. " Mr. Bolsson had
been a. candidate for the position before
Senator Williams 'obtained It. The In
ternal Revenue district, which will be
under Mr. Bolsson's charge, embraces all
that part of the city north of Sacramento
street.
Senator Williams' Successor.
An entertainment will be given on the
evening of July 23 at the rooms of the
African Zion* M. E. Church. . Stockton
street, between Clay and Sacramento,
for the purpose of raising funds for re
pairing the church edifice. A varied mus
ical and vocal programme will be given
and Mayor Schmltz will preside.
To Raise Church Funds.
Hypnotism, odic force, suggestion and astral in
fluence may be pleaded as the reason for this change.
But the real reason is the hopeless vulgarizing of life
and the sacrifice of all that was once dear because
personal and confidential to the desire for publicity
and sensation. *--/
IT is the cge of things mysterious. In physics we
have the X-ray and radium, the new force that
transcends all others and seems capable of giving
off destructive dynamic influence without diminution
of its own bulk and power. The capacity of the
atoms which enter into cosmic matter is being in
quired into, and man walks upon forces that in
proper crystallization hold the planet together, but
by atomic changes may explode it into fine flinders.
All this is the mysterious of the physical. The
mysteries of the psychological are far greater. Gen
erations ago Mr. Mcsmer made the world familiar
with odic force, but went no further in its application
than to amuse audiences by making clergymen pick
each othrrs" pockets and grave citizens stand on their
heads. It was to modern hypnotism what the X-ray
is to radium. Hypnotism is mesmerism with sug
gestion added in surh way as to make seemingly nor
mal people cut capers and commit crimes under the
control of their "influence." Perhaps this newly dis
covered influence may account for ancient witchcraft.
It is written in the annals of witch-burning in New
England that one j-oung fellow procured the burn
ing at the ?take of a girl who had rejected his
amatory suit because, he said, he was unable to sleep
'¦or thinking oi her, and therefore he must be be
witcv^ and he probably was, but not in the way
he thought.
Hypnotism has had many things laid at its door.
People zrra.^ned for crime have pleaded hypnotic
suggestion, ut.<ier which they have committed mur
der and theft.
A local paper r^w gives full-page publicity, with
pictures and interviews, to another phase of hypno
ti*m. It is accused of having broken an engagement
between two young people! This is the most serious
charge yet made against it. The course of true love
was running as smooth as. molasses, when suddenly
it became as rough as the breakers on Columbia
River bar and turbid as a slickens-bearing stream,
and then in a jiffy it was all off between Jack and Jill,
and its centrifugal force sent them apart.
There is something, however, more serious than
hypnotic force in this case. We who had the simple,
old-fashioned training were taught to believe that
the domestic reljLtVons and the proceedings antecedent
to the foundation of a family and § a home were so
intensely personal that the papers and the public had
nothing to -d o with them. In those wholesome days
it was a of decent self-respect to preserve in
violate t^he confidences of the person, the heart, the
bomr. an d tnc family. All this seems to be passing
aw ay- The affairs of the heart are given glaring pub
'licity, and the parties most interested in their confi
dential nature blab volubly to reporters and give up
their pictures to illustrate the story. Things once
sacred are publicly discussed as if they were no more
sentimental than the purchase of a chicken in the
market or trading horses at the crossroads.
Talk of romance' She has become a painted jade,
a mixture of gossip and hussy, discussed by the par
ties mo?t concerned as freely as if she were a milch
cow, a racehorse or a rabbit-chasing hound. AH re
serve is rudely set aside. The down is rubbed off the
peach and the bloom from the grape, and vulgarity
sits in the blare of publicity, where once rose the
shaded shrine of domestic and personal privacy and
decency.
SOCIAL HYPNOTICS
Native Sons" Hall to-night. Un
der the auspices of the literary and social
committee of the Native Sons this, the
fifteenth of their successful entertain
ments, will eclipse all previous efforts.
Presidio Parlor is to be the host of the
evening. Under its management m the
guests will be made to enjoy every minute
of the evening. Miss Mattle Neubert is
the first of the evening's entertainers.
She will render a soprano solo. Miss Vir
ginia Fischer Is to give vocal selections
and F. A. Monaghan a barytone solo.
George Schlltter. the expert on Roman
rings, has promised to be a member «t
the entertaining corps.
"Mr. Bob," a farce, will bring out tha
histrionic ability of Charles Kenyon, A.
C. Dollinger,'. W. D. Ferguson, Miss Dor
othy Walswvrth, Miss Alice Martin, ifes
Beatrice Ragland and Miss Anita Allen.
Of these Miss Ragland, the leading mem
ber of the cast, has distinguished herself
before in many amateur performances.
After the programme dancing will be
in order until a late hour.
A FARCE and a varied programme
of selections by well known ama
teur musicians will be combined
to make a delightful evening at
NatiVe Sons' Literary
Committee Prepares
Entertainment.
Miss Ida Diserens, the pianist, has gone
to .the. Hotel de Redwood in the Santa
Cruz . Mountains to spend her vacation.
She i is", accompanied by Mrs. L. A. Lar
sen, one of the Trinity choir singers, and
Miss Anna Jacobs.
Rev. Burr Weeden and wife have gone
to Canada for. a month's stay, as Dr.
Weeden assists : in holding services every
summer in tha vicinity of the Thousand
Islands in" the St. Lawrence River.
+ V:.- * t- - '*
' Mrs. Lawrence <Poale left for Tahoe on
Saturday and will be this guest of Mrs.
Harry Babcock.
Mrs. Hearst i« resting just now at her
home on the MCCloud River. A little
later , she will go to . Monterey to meet
Mr. and Mrs. Henry. Rogers of Boston,
who were recently her guests at Pleasan
ton and with whom she Intends going to
Japan after the marriage of her niece.
Miss Apperson, in September.
• » »
Invitations are out for the wedding of
Miss Ida Mary. Russell, daughter of- Mrs.
John Adam Russell, and George Albert
Webster on August 5. at 8 o'clock. St.
Luke's Church will be the scene of the
nuptials and St. Dunstans, the present
home of the bride, the place' of tho re
ception. Miss Julia Mau and Miss Dollie
Ledyard will be bridesmaids Rnd Janet
and Lottie Painter will be little flower
girls. The groomsmen will be Dr. Vo
wfnckel and Dalton Harrison and Hub
b§rd Dunbar will be best man. George
Daly, George Coffee and Robert Dennis
will be ushers. _.- .
Mrs. Carrie Pfuffer announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Miss Pauline,
to Lloyd L. Chlpman, a young business
man of Kansas City. The bride to be is
a charming young woman possessing: a
very fine contralto voice. The wedding
will take place in a few weeks, after
which they are to leave for Kansas City
where they are to make their home.
Rev. and Mrs. Bradford Leavitt and
family are spending the month of July
at Santa Catallna Island. Miss Katherlne
Bunnell of Berkeley Is with them.
Miss Katherlne Fox Willey and Max
Newberry, a well known newspaper art
ist, both of this city, were quietly mar
ried in Reno on Monday evening. The
bride, who belongs to a prominent Los
Angeles family, is a brunette, tall and
handsome, with good figure and striking
personality. She is quite young And was
prepared for a stage career when the ro-.
mance which culminated In her marriage
began. Mrs. Newberry had excellent of
fers from Crane, but her matrimonial
venture will put an end to rWr stage- as
pirations. Mr., and Mrs. " Newberry will
reside in this city.
Cards are out announcing the marriage
of Miss Harriet Cecil Carter and Andrew
Lansing Kerr, both of thia city.
The wedding took place at the home of
the bride, Hotel Marguerite, 421 Larkin
street, in the presence of thirty invited
guests. Pink and white sweet peas and
roses comprised the principal decoration
and were arranged with pretty effect.
The bride was attended by Miss Marga
ret Kealon, maid of honor. Albert Hamp
ton, brother of the bride, was best man.
Robert Hampton, the bride's eldest broth
er, gave her into the keeping of the
groom. The bridal robe was an artistic
creation of white and pale blue Just
cloth with French lace. No veil was
worn, a wreath of Bride roses belne ar
ranged in the hair. The bride carried a
bouquet of Bride roses.
Miss Realon wore a white cloth gown
and carried pink roses^
The ceremony was followed by a recep
tion, during which refreshments were
served. Later in the day Mr. and Mrs.
Finch departed for a brief wedding trip
and will return on Thursday to take pass
age on the Doric for Manila, where the
groom is enaged in the postal service.
The bride .-is pretty and a clever musi
cian. She is a. daughter of the late Mr.
and Mrs. Robert riampton, who formerly
resided in this city. The groom is a son
of Mrs. Mary W. Finch of this city.
IN a bower of roses, Miss Claire
Hampton and William H. Finch ex
changed their nuptial vows Monday
afternoon. Rev. Father McGlnty of
ficiated. *
Miss C. Hampton Weds
William H. Finch at
Hotel Marguerite.
sires. . _ : *
' The Liberals, moreover, are not the only elements
of the people who are preparing candidates, com
mittees and programmes for an immediate election in
case one should be called. The supporters of Cham
berlain are equally, active. A recent dispatch from
London says: "Enormous funds, are being obtained
from British sympathizers which will' enable* rMr.
Chamberlain's candidates to be run in all constituen
cies where the Ministerialist is anti-Chamberlainite.
Two hundred Ministerialists, therefore, who have. up
to now been hesitating, are faced with the dilemma
of having cither to accept Mr. Chamberlain's pro
posals or be opposed by Chamberlainite candidates,
who have a good chance of slipping in between them
and the opposition candidates." .
When the Liberals are ready and Chamberlain is
ready it will not be easy for Balfour to intervene and
prevent an immediate conflict. Moreover, the issue is
rapidly taking definite form. While neither Chamber
lain nor any one else has presented the public with
a specific programme of protection, showing to what
extent it is proposed to carry the new policy, the
ceaseless discussion of the subject is gradually
surely bringing the question to one of economic prin
ciple. The Liberals will undertake to represent the
protection policy as a scheme to tax the food of the
people. They have already begun to term the pro
} tectionists "dearloafers" and to insist that the Cham
berlain policy will increase the price of every loaf of
bread consumed in the kingdom. On the other. hand,
Chamberlain's supporters arc busily engaged in circu
lating statistics showing how British industry suffers
under free trade and how work and wages would be
increased under a protective system!
The issue, then, appears to ( have been made up,
and the contending factions arc rapidly forming for
Uhe struggle. It is therefore not improbable that the
executive committee. of the London Liberal Federa
tion is right and that a general election is imminent.
It may even come this fall.
jl CCORDING to the Westminster Gazette the
l\ executive committee of the London Liberal
*¦ *¦ Federation has submitted to the council, qf
the federation a report on the political situation, cJos
ing with the words: "There can be.no doubt that a
general election is imminent, and every Liberal as
sociation that is worthy of the name should be fully
prepared with candidate, committee and programme
before the present month may have expired."
It may be that the report, is nothing more than an
effort to revive the zeal of the rank and file of the
party by raising , expectations that an election is at
hand, but there are evidences that the statement is
not altogether an electioneering dodge. 'The issue
raised by Chamberlain's proposal for the establish
ment of a protective tariff for the United -Kingdom
has given rise, to so keen an agitation that it is quite
possible the Ministry may be forced to appeal to the
country. It is true that Balfour is doing air he can
to hold his party together and to tide over the crisis
by appointing a committee of inquiry irito the in
dustrial conditions of the time, but there are signs
that the people will not be willing to wait for the
committee to report. They desire to pass upon the
issue themselves, and as public opinion has a large
control over Parliament, the Ministry may be com
pelled to go to the country much sooner than it de-
CHAMBERLAIN'S CAMPAIGN.
Wu Ting. Fang, returned tci his native land, after
services varied and brilliant as a diplomat in .foreign
countries, is now in total political eclipse. He-prob
ably would like to modify "the historic opinion that
the besetting sin/of 'republics, not despotisms,fis in
gratitude. ¦ Or perhaps a few Chinese cuss 'words
would fit the situation better. ' ''¦ . '- .
During the recent visit to city of
Frank P. Sargent. Commissioner General
of Immigration, it was found that cer
tain attorneys engaged in the business of
landing Chinese through the bureau and
the courts were in the habit of obtaining
writs of habeas corpus for their clients
before the officers of the Chinese bureau
had an opportunity of examining, much
less passing upon, the claims of the im
migrants. The object was to have the
applicants taken to the County Jail and
coached. . It was found also that the cal
endar of United States Court Commis
sioner, Heacoch was incumbered with ha
beas corpus cases awaiting trial. .
In many of these cases, the subjects of
which had been denied a landing. Judge
Heacock found the documentary and
other evidence without a flaw, and often
gave expression to his surprise at the
action of the Chinese bureau. A case in
point was that of a Chinese girl claiming
to be a native American returning to thia
country a short time ago. She had
brought, with her a "return certificate"
made out here on her departure for Chi
na, bearing her /photograph, her name
and description i/nd the seal of the bu
reau. It was admitted that the paper
and the photograph were genuine, that
the photograph was that of the applicant
and that it had been placed upon the cer
tificate before the seal of the bureau had
been impressed upon it. In other words,
the girl had made out a clean cut case
and Judge Hearock -so decided and al
lowed her to land. Chinese Inspector John
Lynch was present on behalf of the bu
reau and on being interrogated by Assist
ant United States Attorney Duncan E.
McKlnlay as to the reason, if any, why
the bureau had denied a landing, 'failed
to give any satisfactory reply.
Such peculiar cases as this gave rise to
a rumor several months ago that the bu
reau had decided to deny a landing to all
Immigrants claiming to be native Amerl-.
cans, no matter what their credentials,
and to compel the Immigrants to apply
for writs of habeas corpus and thus
throw the responsibility upon United
States Court Commissioner Heacock. Unit
ed States Immigrant Commissioner Hart
North, who has been in charge of the bu
reau since July 1, was asked as 1 to the
truth or falsity of the rumor and replied
that there was no truth in It, so far as
he was concerned. He sajd he had in
structed his deputy Chinese inspector,
Charles Methan, to be very strict in en
forcing the provisions of the exclusion
act and to require the best evidence In
all cases. Mr. Meehan also denied the
truth of the rumor. He stated that the
cause for every denial of an application
to land was marked on the records. In
June of this year the bureau landed for
ty-two native-born Chinese and eleven in
July, he said.
The number Qf Chinese habeas corpus
cases In- Commissioner Heacock's court
has become so large that the entire time
of some one of. the United States Dis
trict Attorneys ia taken up in their con
sideration. For this reason a recom
mendation has been made to the law de
partment that another Assistant United
States Attorney be appointed to give his
exclusive time and attention to Chinese
cases coming under the exclusion act.
The matter was brought to the attention
of Commissioner General Sargent recent
ly and received his approval.
"A revolutionary proposition looking to
ward the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus without the constitutional condi
tion of martial law will be made by Unit
ed States District Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth to United States District
Judge de Haven on their return from
their vacation. Judge de Haven will be
asked to refuse to grant writs of habeas
corpus to Chinese immigrants claiming
to be natives and citizens of the United
States, unless it shall be shown that the
Chinese bureau has denied a landing to
the applicants. This request will be made
under" instructions "from the Treasury De
partment.
©he -t^^&£*5 $8sdLii.
WEDNESDAY JULY 22, 1903
¦ -¦ ¦ * -¦
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, ProP^^
t cents AH Ccrr.munlcotlon* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PIBLICATIOX OFFICE.. .MarUfl and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL HOOMJ* SIT to 221 Steremon St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, T5 Ct3.
Per Month. Single Copies R Cents.
Terms by Mall.' Includtr.gr Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year «S.0O
DAILY CALL rtnrludfcig Sunday). 6 months 4.OO
DAILY CALL— By £ir.e!e Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. One Y*ar 2.5O
WEEKLY CALL. One Year l.OU
f Dally... *S.8«» Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE 1 Sunday.. 4.15 ftr Year E«tra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Eitra
AH Po«tmai(eri arc authorised to recelre
• nbacrlptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requeated.
Mall subscribers In crderinf cnang-e of address should be
particular to five both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS -In order
to lcaure a prompt and correct compliance with thtlr requeat-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
111S IJrondMKv Telephone Main 1O83
DERKEl^V OFFICB.
214$ Center Street Telephone Xorth 77
C. GEOIIGB KROGVESS, Manager Forelarn Adver
tlninsr. Marqnette Hnlldlnfr. Chlcatvo.
<Lon« Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:.
MORTON E. CRANE 14O« G Street, N. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH 30 Tribune Building;
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS;
•Waldorf- A rtoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 I'nlon Square:
Murray HIM Hotel; Klfth-avenue Hotel and HofTraan House.'
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Greet Northern Ho(.'l.
Tremont Hous*; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer Hou*e.
BRANCH OFFICES—- 527 Montgomery, coiner of Clay, open
until 9:S0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larktn, open until
9:Zi* o'c'.ock. 1941 Mission, .ori^n until 10 o'clock. 2161
Marlitt, corner Sixteenth. open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. ' 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 22<>0 Fillraore. open until 9 p. m.
MARRIED
IN BOWER
OF ROSES
AMATEURS
WILL GIVE
A FARCE
SEEKS TO SHUT
A LOOPHOLE TO
THE CHINESE
So, feeling himself hampered everywhere else, and
even the witness of frivolities in the body of the
church, it is no wonder that, turning to the New
World as a shepherd thinking of his distant flock, he
said, "I am Pope only in the United States." This
meant that under our system of absolute religious
freedom, in which Rome, Lhassa and Mecca have
equal right and privilege, he could devote his highly
spiritual quality to the gpvernment of his church and
was not diverted from things spiritual to things tem
poral. In this country h'e had the warm and enthu
siastic love of his Catholic people and the sincere
respect of all Christians and of Jew and Gentile alike.
In his affectionate ascription to this repablic one
reads his high conception of the Papacy as a spir
itual office only, and so it appeared in a fashion
as his ascription to the division of church and state.
Feeling that he was in reality Pope only in the United
States, he praised as none of his predecessors had
the separation of church and state as the best for
both. Around him were the ruins of the former
union of church and state, and everywhere built on
them a historic antagonism to the Papacy— England
with the denunciatory clause in her coronation oath,
Germany with the May laws and ¦ France with her
disestablishment of the orders^ all celebrating with
violent effusion the end of that union between church
and state, which our constitution makes forever im
possible here, and here only was the great Leo
Pope in that sense which seemed to him the very
essence of the office.
Of course his successor will be an Italian. That is
the. policy of the church. Originally adopted to
keep the Holy See at Rome and emphasized by the
exile to Avignon, it has in later years been seen as
a greater necessity to guard Rome as the seat of the
church. All of its traditions are there, and if trans
ferred it would be. stripped of its romance, its high
sentiment, its boary* associations. So a majority of
the Cardinals are Italians, and one. hears but little
any more of the contests between the Montanists and
the Ultramontanists over the control of, the Sacred
Leo will have a countryman for his successor, but
there may be many Popes before one comes again
with, the peculiar, kindly and gentle quality of this
friend of mankind.
THE death of a Pope is of a different significance
now from thnt 01 such an event in pa r -..agc*.
While much controversy has been cau.*d by
the Joss of Papal temporalities, and there be those
that believe that the fullness of his spiritual primacy
of the world can "only be when united to the tem
poral, sovereignty of Rome, yet there are others who
arc convinced that the loss of temporal power has
increased the spiritual influence of the Papacy. Leo
XIII maintained the attitude toward thejoss of the
temporalities that was assumed by his more militant
predecessor, Pius IX, but his spiritual and political
diplomacy was of a much finer and more gracious
quality, and the great, bodies of Protestant Christians
which discuss feelingly the union under one sacra :
ment of all believers have felt that such a union
would be easier under Leo than any other.
Hi? position in European politics was that of an
arbiter, and it is now a pleasant memory that in his
last days he received the heads of two great Protes
tant empires, England and Germany, each in a way
the head of branches of the Christian faith, and that
he also had occasion to acknowledge the polite and
tasteful attentions of the President of the United
States, the greatest non-religious state that has ever
existed. Times have changed since the Pope was
both a spiritual and temporal successor to the Cae
sars, and Kings and Princes resorted to Rome, and in
the case of Henry IV even went to Canossa,, through
fear of the material power possessed by the head of
the church. Still Leo, by consent of mankind, by the
respect accorded his character and wisdom, probably
has influenced the modern world for good as much
as any. in the long line behind him influenced the
ancient world for the benefit of the men then living.
Still he seemed to feel hampered in Europe.
Whether the church and politics were too much
blended, by design or necessity, or whether he felt
that worldly ambitions were more potent than spir
itual real among his followers, he was never wholly
happy in his European realm. The great progress
of the anti-clericals in Italy, France and Spain, mak
ing a campaign that was keenly felt to be personal by
the gentle-minded Pontiff, was the cause of anxiety,
while the misfortunes that during his pontificate fell
upon the Hapsburgs, the last of the great Catholic
dynasties left among the royalties of Europe, were
to him in the nature of personal afflictions, for the
concordat will be between Austria and the Papacy
when it i< nowhere else.
THE PASSING OP LEO.
cent of the amount of their capital. On this the Gov
ernment would place a tax of, say, 5* per cent per
annum. Because of this tax banks would call for the
additional currency only in times of stringency. That
is, interest on loans would have to be- higher than
5 per cent to induce a bank to go to the expense of
issuing additional currency. 4 As soon as interest
rates dropped: below -5 per cent* this currency would
be retired automatically. The success or failure of
the plan depends upon the fixing of the tax. Its ad
vocates who have made this a special study say that
5 per cent should be the rate. An issue of $200,000,
000 of additional currency would be possible under
the plan." . • r^-
That wide differences of opinion exist among the
advocates of reform has long been apparent. Could
those differences Have been harmonized we should
have had the desired legislation at the last session,
for there can be no doubt that reform of some kind
was advocated by a majority in -both houses. It is
to be presumed that agreement on the disputed points
will be reached during the summer and that the. bill
to be reported by the Senate committee will -have', the
support of all who Believe in an elastic currency at
all.. Otherwise it would not be easy to understand
why the reformers; are. so sanguine of success when
Congress meets in November.-; '; '" '"• .
IHE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1903.. '
POPULAR YOUNG WOMAN
'WHO BECAME' A" BRIDE" ON
MONDAY AFTERNOON..
CLEVER GIRL WHO WILL
TAKE PART IN NATIVE
SONS" ENTERTAINMENT.
The local suicide who died the other day, leaving to
his landlord ¦ enough money." with " which to ' ; pay for
the gas he had used.as an .instrument of death..cer
tainly- possessed- a ; Quixotic scn^e- of responsibility,
that would have led i him to a I '.better end had it been
diverted into a proper channel
The Legislature of Hawaii, running riot in the full
flush of youth, is supplying us with scandal after
scandal. Money, of course, is the. source of the evil
and time and prison bars the remedy. When the Ter
ritory becomes older we may expect much of it as
it was caught young
While the financial plans for the fitting reception
and entertainment of theGrand^rmy. of the Republic
are 'progressing admirably, the peopie of San Fran
cisco should remember that much money is needed
and that no worthier cause than. this -has appealed to
our generosity and our, spirit'of hospitality.
General Miles jumped into the saddle the other
day and rode ninety miles in nine hours. And still
the Jaw decrees that the commander of the American
army has reached the age when he must retire to the
ease and sloth of private inactivity. It is well to
know that we have, in time of need, such specimens
of sturdy American manhood in retirement.
6
Specialties
Advertised by Responsible firms of S.F
wht not.ride' a ' T m T?T?zr m ~ mmm - mi —t
WOLF-AMERICAN _ MORPHINE
BICYCLE Z Llq«r HiiiU Poii-
Thu fi'on? - P, tlTriytnd Quttily
Tb. New Mod.l. Ar. 1 S™-,*™ "*";
; . Now In. . || 1*0 SOTTMtna.'
- J EDWIN MOHRIG.' V, fh» Wl!ln» P»rV >«
and Sporting M ID8 WiHOW Hail tO,
'1622 MARKET 8T. Lm«^E!!££!mLJL^
IN THE HOUSE OF
THE LOVING HEART
Here Is Something So Truly Out of the Ordinary That It Will
Make You Gasp. The Pictures Alone Are Stunners.
Just Watch for Them in the
NEXT StNDAY CALL
The Superfine Printing of the Best Modern Photographs Obtain-
able Is Not the Only Thing That Makes the Sunday Call
So Tremendously Popular. Just Bead
These Features:
"THE GIRL WHO LOVES"
"WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD"
by Charles M. Taylor Jr.
"Why China Is Now Sitting Up and Taking Notice"
By a Titled Oriental Potentate, Who Is Now Paying Nearly $3000
Every Day Just for His Hotel Bills Alone and Making
Things Hum Generally From New York
to San Francisco.
"Ode to the Summer Girl" * "The Bear In the'Chlna Shop*
By Edwin Markham. ' By Edgar Saltus. '
And the Best' Novel of tha Hour, Which Shows the Cause of Ec-
centric Extravagance in the Bich, the Impudence of .-
Titled Foreigners and Why Americans Are
the Greatest Money-Makers
FREE-THE SPENDERS-FREE
Then, if You Want a Good Laugh to Every Square Inch of Every
Page, Turn to the Great ' •
C0L0BED COMIC SUPPLEMENT.Lay Aside the Pleasures of Their Outing Long Enough
to Celebrate a Solemn Military Mass — A Public
Reception in the Evening Is Largely Attended
LEAGUE OF CROSS CADETS
HONOR MEMORY OF LEO XIII
Temblor Shakes the Island. J
ST. THOMAS, D. W.. I., July 21.— A se
vere earthquake was felt throughout the
Island of St. Vincent early this morn
ing.
AUBURN, July 21.— A peculiar accident
hapened at -Loomis last evening. "While
coming down stairs, Miss Lois Piaggi fell
and in falling broke her neck. She lived
but a few minutes after the accident.
Falls and Breaks Her Neck.
Will Bepair Theater Bepublic.
Th« Board of Public Works yesterday
directed the City Architect to issue a per
mit to J. B. Lankershim to alter and re
pair the Theater Republic building on
Fifth street, which was recently burned.
The board has had tHte application under
consideration for some time and finally
decided that Lankershim was legally en
titled to repair the fiuilding.
The German steamer Theben, Captain
Schultz, sailed from San Francisco April
18/ for Hamburg and. . as before reported,
grounded in Gray Channel, Straits of Ma
gellan, but afterward got off badly dam
aged, and subsequently was run ashore
at Cunningham Island, July 14, to prevent
sinking. i;iv
PUNTA ARENAS! Chile, July 21.—Con
tracts have been made with local salvors
to save the cargo of. the German steamer
Theben for*10,000 pounds sterling,; and the
ship at 5000 pounds sterling on the princi
ple of "no cure, no pay.".. .
Salvors Agree to Recover Cargo for
$50,000 and the . Steam
ship for $25,000.
WANT STIFF PRICE FOR
SAVING THE THEBEN
CONSTANTINOPLE, July 21.— Accord-
Ing to dispatches from Salonica a battal
ion of troops has been sent to Dorian, in
the Villayet of- Salonica, to reinforce the
Turkish forces. There are already 1ID0
troops at Dorian and severe j fighting is
reported to, have occurred. It is believed
the revolutionists are resisting effectively.
Eleven additional battalions have been
mustered to replace sixteen which were
recently disbanded.
Eleven Hundred Soldiers Are at
Dorian end Severe Fight-^,
ing Is Reported.
BEINFOBCEMENTS ON THE
WAY TO TURKISH TB00PS
Members of the local parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West, acted as a recep
tion committee. The park was decorated
with Chinese lanterns and bunting.
The public reception held in the park
this evening was well attended. Francis
A. Oulnn, on behalf of .the citizens of
Santa Clara, formalry, welcomed the ca
dets. Colonel James E. Pov.-er responded.
The non-commlssianedofflcers then took
charge' of the platform and gave their
annual ball.. The committee of arrange
ments consisted of the following named:
First Serjeant M. F. Kent 'chairman).-Reg
imental Serjeant Major Ben Crawford. Battal
ion Sergeant Majors F. McGovera and B.
Burns, Commissary Sergeant Joseph Dwyer,
Color Sergeant George Shaw, Quartermaster
Sergeant James Neeley. Hospital Steward
James O'Dea, Sergeant J. Kane. Sergeants F
Cresalla, M. Buckley. Mllo F. Kent. Wllllam
McCrea. Edward Gleason. B. Dougherty
George Drew. H. Stoore. F. Rufflno. Frank Mc-
Carthy. P. Funebeon. II. Spring, J. L. Flynn
O.. Hurley and J. Tuttle. . ' '
he was received with presented sabers.
Father Kennedy was delighted with his
reception.
Rev. Father Cornelius Kennedy of St.
Paul's parish. San Francisco, in whose
honor the camp is named, arrived last
evening. He was met at the depot by
tho regiment and escorted to camp. As
the popular prlestVstepped from the train
Father O'Ryan took, occasion to pay a
tribute to the distinguished dead. He
spoke in part as follows: . '
My Dear Boys: A Breat Borrow, has fallen
on Christendom. Death has at • last claimed
the man of raji.at whose bedside the entire
world haa kept vigil. Leo XIII lies cold in
death ¦ In the Vatican. " and not one human
heart but has felt the pang of grief and lot>s.
I ' do not wish to pronounce any eulogy this
morning on him. We -are too near him to es
timate his work and his greatness. . .
"Lumen In Coelo"— the Light In Heaven —
has set in darkness here below, but through
faith and hope we trust and we are confident
that It. has risen more brilliantly on the eternal
hilltops and that It will, shine forever before
the face of God. ¦ r
- . ' • / 0 - • . -
City" and the "Last .Honor" dirge were
rendered. At the elevation j sabers were
raised to a present and drums beat at
the'elevatlon,- sanctus 'and' communion.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS CELEBRATING IN THE OPEN AIR AT CAMP KENNEDY SANTA CLARA,
A SOLEMN MILITARY MASS AS A TOKEN OF REVERENT RESPECT TO THE MEMORY OF THE LATE
HEAD OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. .. ...,..,„ ._.v
Democrats Organize.
The Democratic League Club of tho
FOB FOBTY-THXBD DISTRICT.
The United Republican League Club
of tho Forty-third Assembly District
met at Golden Gate Hall last night.
Following ls a list of the officers and
executive committee of the club:
Walter 8. Brann, president; D. J. Beban,
vice president: Marc Anthony, vice president;
Dr. T. B. Dewltt. vice president; Luther El
kins, secretary; S. H. Kent, treasurer: P. A.
Lelch, sergeant at arms; W. W. Sanderson,
vloe president to central committee; James D.
Brown, commltteeman to central organization.
Kxecutive committee — I. J. Truman Jr., Mel
ville Hermann. Philip J. Haskins, Thomas M.
McCarthy. John C. Skinner, Charles Kaufmann,
George Walton. Walter Dlzon, George' H.
Foulkes, John B. Rlley, William Gallagher,
Ernest A. Leigh. M. M.^Ogden, Norman H.
Hurd. T. D. Rlordan, L. H. Clement, O. M.
Marsh, R. B. Treat and Walter Hanley. ?>*BK£
The Regular Republican Club of the
Forty-second District held a spirited
meeting last night at Saratoga Hall on
G«ary street. The meeting was inaugu
rated by the election of the following of
ficers: President, E. P. Flint; first vice
president, George W. Lewis; second? vice
president, William McGeney; third vice
president. A. L. Hart; secretary, William
J. H*ney; treasurer, Dr. F. E. Allen.'
Resolutions were adopted condemning
the United Republican League and es
pecially its members wflo are actively
working in Mayor Schmltz' behalf.
Speeches were made by many of the
prominent voters of the district, in which
they denounced the action of the United
Republican League and criticized very
forcibly certain of its members,' especial
ly those of the Forty-second District.
Active preparations will be made at
once by the members of this club to make
a strong showing at the coming primaries.
It is expected that the membership of
the club will soon reach 500 and the lead
ers are doing all in their power to defeat
the United Republican League in the
Forty-second. Another meeting is called
for next Tuesday night at the same hall.
BALLY m FORTY-SECOND.
The Thirty-seventh Assembly District
United Republican League held a meet
ing last night at 444 Devisadero street
W. J. Ruddick presided, and among the
speakers were Arthur G. Flsk. who
disclaimed any idea of nomination for
office. However, he was loudly cheered
when it was said by C. B. Perkins that
Fisk was the right man for Mayor of
San Francisco, and the speaker was
cheered again when he suggested that
Fisk be asked to allow himself to be
nominated for the position. Other
speakers were Senator Bauer, General
E. S. Salomon, W. J. Waldheimer, Judge
Bahrs, Dr. W. L. Williamson, C. O. Bur
ton Solomon , Bloom, Dr. C. D. Sal field
and Major H. T. Sime. The club will
meet every Tuesday evening at the same
address.
Would Nominate Fisk for Mayor.
The drums were muffled. The band
played Chopin's funeral march at the be
ginning of the mass and later the "Holy
Thirty-flrst Assembly District held a
meeting last night at its quarters 867
Bryant street, at which the following of
ficers were elected: President, D. H. Nor
ton; vice president, James Lucy; secre
tary and treasurer, William Henry.
Speeches were made by /Morris Flynn, W.
Henry and D. H. Norton. One hundred
and sixty members signed the roll of the
club. :
At 10 o'clock the regiment formed a hol
low square facing the simple altar erect
ed at tb« base of the tall flagpole. The
Stars and stripes and the regimental col
ors drooped above. Father O'Ryan, spir
itual director of the League of trie Cross,
was celebrant. He was assisted by Fath
er Raggio and Father Foote of Santa
Clara. Hospital Stewards Solen and
O'Dea. the acolytes, wore khaki uniforms
in place of the cassocks usually worn in
church. . •
HEADQUARTERS BAN FRAN
CISCO CALL, CAMP KEN
NEDY. SANTA CLARA, July
21.— Camp lost its joyous .aspect
for a while this morning. A*feel
ing of gloom spread over the cadets be
cause of the death of the Pontiff. Flags
flew at half mast. The band played dirges
in preparation for the solemn military
mass.
The selection of the nominee for Mayor
should be made by the convention and
not bv a coterie of politicians or the po
litical bureau of a corporation. The de
feat of Asa R. Wells, Republican nominee
for Mayor in the campaign two years
ago, was simply due to the fact that the
delegates were elected on a programme
to take orders* and the order to nominate
not only Wells but every other candidate
on the entire ticket was given in writing
to the chairman of every district delega
tion in the convention. At least 8000 Re
publicans resented the intrusion. Several
thousand voted for either Tobin or
Bchmitz, while others did not vote at all.
It is hardly conceivable that the Republi
cans will permit a repetition of such folly.
Delegate tickets must be filed in the
Registrar's office by July 31. The duty is
now up to the Republicans in the various
districts to put forward the best men of
the community for service in the nomi
nating convention.
The organization committee of the
Democratic County Committee has select
ed J. L. Romer as temporary chairman
and D. J. O'Xell as temporary secretary
of the Regular Democratic Club to be
organized In the Forty-first Assembly
District.
The Democratic League Club of the
Thirty-eighth Assembly District met
Monday night at Powers' Hall, Turk and
Pierce streets. The meeting was very
largely attended. Permanent organiza
tion was effected by the selection of the
following officers: James D. Mulcahy,
chairman; Clarence D. Clough, secretary;
J. E. Vorn. treasurer; Frank Dunn, vice
president; Frank Zacharlas, financial sec
retary; J- B. Kennedy, sergeant at arms.
The two factions of the Democratic
party of San Francisco now organizing
clubs in the several Assembly districts
and making ready for the battle at the
primary electiqn on August 11 have prac
tically agreed to elect delegates who will
nominate Franklin K. Lane for Mayor.
It is also regarded as certain that the
Democrats will renomlnate' Washington
Dodge for Assessor. The regulars and the
horse and carters will find other spoils to
contend for along the line of the munic
ipal ticket. No doubt efforts will be made
to induce the Harders-Ber&er faction of
the Union Labor party to indorse Lane's
candidacy for Mayor.
Republicans are taking note of the ac
tivity in the Democratic camp and are
not overlooking the political Incident that
Lane carried San Francisco In the last
gubernatorial election by 10,000 majority.
The Republicans, however, are well or
ganized. Ther/e has been a very large
enrollment of voters under the auspices
of the United Republican League, but in
the Twenty-eighth, Thirty-eighth, Thirty
ninth, Fortieth and Forty-first Assembly
districts the league forces will encounter
resistance at the primary election for del
egates to the convention. The wisest Re
publicans — the men who perceive the
strength of the Democratic organization
hold that all the elements of the party
should be brought together in support of
the Republican nominee for Mayor.
The party's candidate for Mayor should
be a well known citizen of sterling char
acter and tested ability. There ought
not to be any pledging of delegations in
advance of the convention. The surest
method of achieving Republican success
at the election next November is to
create a convention of citizens who are
deeply concerned In the welfare and pro
gress of the city and who are not depend
ent on politics for a livelihood. Repre
sentative men of each district who con
tribute to the maintenance of the local
Government by the payment of taxes
ehould be placed on the district tickets
to be voted for as delegates to the Re
publican nominating convention.
Both Democratic Fac
tions Agree to Sup
port Ilane.
GOSSIP IN GAMP
OF POLITICIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1 1)03.
7
People say It Is great, the new bill on our slat*
But go early for seats — It won't do to be late.
It caught on right away and the show's her* to
stay.
If you'd join In the fun, for a quarter you mar.
The Talk of
All Theatergoers.
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE/
Combined With
"THETHREE MUSKEETERS"
The Wonderful "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL AND BERNARD. MAUDE
AMBER. WINFIELD BLAKE, HARRY
HERMSEX^AND C. C. WHELAX. eta, etc.
ONLY MATINEE SATtTRDAT.
—THE BIGGEST POSSIBLE HIT—
TO-NIGHT
EVERY NIGHT.
RAYMOND AND CAVEBLY
* And Our Superb New York Company taa
The New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity.
| IN WALL STREET
The Same Production as Used by the Rcgeri
Brothers at the Victoria Theater.
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC
PRICES— 25c. SOc. 75c. ' .' "¦
HANLON'S PANTOMIME COM PANY and
Mill-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE • .
Pound and One°HaIf Baby
AND HIS COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO. '
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDF>EN. Be.
> CONCERTS, LECTURES, ETC.
¦artJAUiYi/m o market sst.
Every. Afternoon and Evening.
POLITE VAUDEVTLLLE.
LESTER and CURTIN.^ HATHAWAY and
WALTON; HANK WHITCOMB ; UTTLE
BLOSSOM; SAM AND I1»A KELLT; THE
BURROUGHS: THE GREAT ZANO: CLIN-
TON MONTGOMERY and THE BIOSCOPE.
Prices— Night. 23c, . 20c. 15c and 10c; Mati-
nees, 20c and 10c. Phone for Seats. South
1022.
PafarA D °N' T fAIL T0
1 aiaWW tee the beautiful
1 COURT Lounging.
Ofin room, the EMPIRE
OllU PARLOR, the
. „ - PALM ROOM, the
lira fl n louis xv par.
llidllU LOR and the LA-
„ . - DIES' WRITING
Hotels ROOM -
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
• S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORA-
I tor and Nervine.
The most -wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonte for the Sexual Organs, tor both soxos. .
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of til*
Kidneys and -Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Acents,
823 Market st.. S. P.— <Send for Circulars.) '
©lERCE'S
%mW FAVORITE
pSCRIPTION
ML FOR WEAK WOMEM>
IA/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AH9 AT70S5EY-AT-LAW,
Ttnth Floor, Room 1019. CUaa 3prec*»U bid*.
Telephone Main 983. '^»«— ~Vj
Residence, 821 . California st.. below PovaU.
L Residence Ttlenbons Jaats IWi. . .
X.EADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Post Ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
write for Illustrated catalogue (free).
JMtcal business bookkeeplr.c; or.ly expert ac-
eouctasu and reporters as teachers; Gres;g
shorthand easiest, fastest and ra*5t readable.
pay and evening. Send for catalogue to Col-
lece. 1236 Market et.
» POLYTECHNIC
jgL * Business Collfgre and
j^oLj _ Fchocl cf Engln^r-
*Mjn^^Pv. " lar, Oakland. Cal.
tm SmnCp^rl Largest ar.d beft
jCSoDs-S **5SiSl 'Q'-irp^ fchocl of
gWgpLTj m ~yj*~-J business. Fhorthand
SaX^Snim tSSa 1 er ' d "•.fr'.nffrlne west
Sj. o BW e ' rh^n'i of Ct-.irago. Perfect
wmj*ti&*r**}&?Krl*fc&'- cUn-.ate. expen sen
•* low. Write for fre*
100-page cattlorue.
MILLS COLLEGE A\D SEMINARY
(FOR YOUNG LADIES).
Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
6«nlna.ry course accredited to the unlTersl-
tle» and leading Eastern colleges; rare oppor-
tunities offered In rounic. art and elocution.
Tlilrty-eljrhth year. Fall term opens August
12. ISKB. Write for catalogue to MRS C T.
MILLS. Pres.. Ml'.ls College P. O.. CaL*
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND. CAL
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
FERALTA PARK. BERKELET.
Bo&rfiinp and day *ehocl fcr boj-s under 15 veare
of uec. Studies commence MOXDAT. August 3
ItKB. S^-nd for proypectun to Bro. Genebran. '
C A 2i> • ern Scnool. 500 po-
Q I IVCCji* "itlons In past year.
1&7T* I A /C2v^ «0page catalogue.
T|Ol I e<\w 3os lasxiv st,
- \~S San Francisco,
COLLECE OF NOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSE. CAL.
Fifty-eecana year. Confers degreei. grants
Clplomas. College preparatory accredited. Con-
servatory course. Intermediate and primary
oepartments for younger chlliirea. Studies re-
sumed A i: rust 4. 1803.
— J VtN jntVtKbCk r L
t«l FVLTfjX ST.. San Francisco. Cai.
Leading Muelcal College of the Coast.
Z^argest echool. thorough course, able teachers.
Write for 1Jhj3 Catalogue.
BOSS 2UBZES AND KISS HUGHES'
ECHOOL FOR GIHLS
AT PALO ALTO. CALIFORNIA. Formerly th«
TEOECEH SCHOOL.
Prepares for the Universities and Colleges,
West and Hatt. I'r.K-erslty lectures open to
•tudent«. Pem«-Eter begins August 25.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
1HV1XGT0N CAL.
A fclffh-rrade Military School for a limited
ccaiber of beys cf good character. Xext term
feeglnt August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON 1 . Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
A.JTO VAN SXSS SEMIfTAEY,
1S49 Jackson tt., s. V. Hoarding and day
•chool for rlrls. A^redlted by the leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
nven to raus'.c. I>c;^>ns August 10. 1903
JARAH P. HAML1X. Principal.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited pi-eparatcry school for the. uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Is well
known for Its careful and thorough work. Come
«nd be with us; we prepare you well- refer-
ences. President Jordi.n or cr.y Stanford pro-
•eeeor. Phelan buHcir.g.
L It- «iRAU. Ph. P.. PrlnclpaL
THE JENNE MORROW LONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
btage and platfcrm positions guaranteed-
languages: diplomas. Cataloyue. 2162 flutter
tt. Pbone West 11&. Heot>ens Seot^mber 2.
SCHOOL OP ILLUSTRATION,
PARTIXGTON'S. 424 PINE BT.
Oldest School In America.
New Term Begins MONDAY. Auc. 3.
DAT AXL> KVSXIXG CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOlT"
FOR BOTH, Menlo I'ark. California. Prepares
for any university or for business. Send for
Illustrated catalogue. IRA G. 1IOITT, Ph.D.
Vrtnclpal. Fall Una .opens August 11.
BEL.MONT SCHOOL,
Foa uors. BEXMONT. cal.. '
Opens for new pupils August 10; for former pu-
pils August 12. Catalogue and bock or views
•r. application.
TV. T. REID. A. M. (TtarvarC). Head Uaster.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVEN'UE.
Dpens August 1& Home and Cay school. Ac-
erected ty leadini? cclleges. Tor catalorue a4.
<irees MAItY B. NVXST. Principal.
TONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
CERKELUY, CAL.,
Reopens Monday, Angnst 3.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
BAN MATEO.
Accredited to Stanford, reopens August 26th
tn new bulldlncc on Monte Diablo are. Modern
teprovements. For further Information or dr-
tulars address (MIES) I. L. TEBBETTS.
— *
Hitchcock Military Academy,
BJLX BATACL, CAX.
Eeparate bulldln: for little boya. X""» term
will begin on Aug. 17.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
DOAXUDIXG AND DAT SCHOOL FOB
Urour-g ladles and lltUe girla, 2128 California
»t.. will reopen Auffuct 3. 1903. Accredlttxl to
tfee Unlrersltles. REV. EDWABO B.
CHCT.CH. A. M.. PrlnclpaL - ¦ -
DDTTCLIT7O Fo^ barbers, ba-
DilUOnijU kfr «. tcotblacks. bsth-
" w houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
fcazucers. printers, painters, shoe factories,
ctablemea. tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BUCKAHAK BBOS,
Smsli XassTactnrcrs, 609 Sacnusest« St.
_ J. FXTLTON CO.
I find that Fulton's Compounds cure
Brights Disease and Diabetes. Will
make affidavit to this effect, for a num-
ber of my customers (pronounced in-
curables) are recovering under these
Compounds.
B. S. Dickhoff, Druggist
Cor. Geary and Fillmore. 'Phone West 1W6
San Praadsco, July 14, 1903.
Fusion's Renal Compound for Brights and Kidnry Disease. Jl.PO;
for Diibetes, $1.50. Jwo. J. FtrtTOW Co., 409 Washington Street,
ban Francisco, Sole Compoundcrs.
ADVEBTTB KM KNT8.
It is our aim to serve you with the best.
HUNDREDS OF CAREFULLY SELECTED PATTERNS, many of
them exclusive designs, at prices that cannot faO to please. Particular
people are our best customers; those satisfied with anything find what
they want* in the first store they enter.
The following quotations are sharp and decisive and
point to the matchless values to be found here:
¦' \
BODY BRUSSELS— Rich Oriental and Floral patterns; beauti- 0 g g m-
ful in design, effective in coloring, luxurious to the tread; the J% I wT\
quality that will give you lasting service. Price *|JB»BW
BRUSSELS CARPETS -Superior grade. Oriental, Floral ud A£> A
Medallion designs; with and without borders. An exceptional *-f z\ §z
value. Price. vWU
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS— Latest designs and colorings, both OA#v
Floral and Medallion. Soft and rich In effect, lasting In quality. £% I I f*
With and without borders. Price. . **\JO
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS— An excellent grade, suitable for parlor, m m
living room or bedroom* Some very beautiful designs at irre- IT
slstible prices. Price * . .- \J\J\P
ALL-WOOL INGRAIN— The good old-fashioned weaves that appear never
to wear out. Large or small designs on light or dark grounds. /> m
Some very beautiful designs. Reversible; full yard wide, oi^fi
Price . ' . . . ** **
AC ATE PRO- BRUSSELS —Sanitary, moth proof, reversible; fall Af\n.
yard wide. Price^ 4UC
COTTAGE CARPET— Some exceptionally pretty effects. Re- «TJ mm
versible, each side a different design. These goods are moth dfta^fL,
proof, sanitary, full yard wide. Price. ; . . . ******
INLAID LINOLEUM- Another large shipment of Inlaid Lino- |Tk I |A|
leum, beautiful Mosaic designs. The kind that goes clear Jft 9 I
through to the back. Price. . . \ym%mamZ
JBrrtl |*H li [jftq ~|&yrifcJM PeCj flyw$rPlP*' J K'T fell Jk£UsU|^^
KITCHEN REQUISITES. ' ,
H Jim Dumps, at Buffalo,* went through 5^ 5^^5^55^' I
Kj Large mills, and mor© delighted grew n r >^ll8L I
g At every step. " How clean !" said he. t r P UpSfflnl I
H He saw them mingle skilfully ""* —* *^ I
|4j 'Malt, wheat and sunshine— strength for him. E. ?» /^rT" BHfflSl I
U "And that makes 'Force,'" nods "Sunny Jim." V, W t 9&42*&jB^ I
,..«/ "^^^^ 'CIs>anlin««» th» Chtt.r&.cter2stlo. EH
( m &VFFAlO Mir " ~^^. '*¦¦' " I b*™ thoroughly Inspected the mills aad the method of mannfMtnrinB th« '¦¦% H
3* 1 * j-7* if Vj ¦ \^>- product called » Itorce? ' I tod that the sola lnaredlonts— wheat and extract of malt H
¦I J / 1 \>»-2K»fB -*re of the highest possible qnnlity and of absolute purity, and that ererr step in || H \
! f te^a&SEf tho Process of manufacture la characterized or perfect cleanliness. The final B§
! / fw\ drying, or roasting, thoroughly sterilize* the product, and from the time the grain v ¦
' - ' *JST\»..— i_ ls delivered at the mill until the final sealing of the packages, the food is handled P9
' •..••'. entirely by machinery.'- '- ; -. ; - - . Hirbert M. Etiix, if
2»g5»£-v^, . , ; "Analytical Chemlat UnJTgslty of Buffalo, and Chemist of the City of Buffalo." J&
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. July 22.
Parquet, any stat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, apy part except reserved, 10c.
NEW ATTRACTIONS!
Claude Gillingwater and Company;
Ethel Levey; Orpheus Comedy
Four; Three Polos; Qeorga W.
Hunter; De Kolta; Bailey and
Madison; Hodges and Launchmere
and the Biograph.
Tl VOU3S5&
TO-NIGHT
And Every Evening; This Week— Saturday
Matinee.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of
CAM1LLE D'ARVILLE
Who Will Appear In Smith and D« Koven's
Bright and Tuneful Comic Opera^, v ,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
EDWIN STEVENS AS FOXY QUILLER.
Annie Myers, Bertha DarK Marie Welsh.
Ferris Hartman. Arthur Cunningham. Edward
Webb and the Bl* Tlvoll Chorus and Orches-
tra Will Combine to Make the Production the
Kvent of the Operatic Season.
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 60c. 73o
. . Telephone Bush 9.
I V7BBH 0 a ¦ ¦IT^sinmrn proprietors.
Market St.. Near-Eighth ;. Phono South 533
TO-NIGHT — ONE WEEK ONLY.
The Brilliant Young Actor,
MR. HERSCHEL MAYALL,
Supported by the Superb Central Stock Com*
¦ ¦ pany, in a
Magnificent Spectacular Production of
FAUST.
The Wonderful "Brocken Scene."
CFF The New and SUrtllng Elcrtrlcal
x -'V a -' and Mechanical Effects'
NO ADVANCE IN
DDirCC Evenings 10c to BOo
riul'Lj Matinees :..10c, 15c. 25c
Monday. July 27— MR. HERSCHEL MAT-
ALL in -A LION'S HEART."
ifAb.FORNTlT
B m To-nlght and All This Week. BBS
I VJ TREMENDOUS SUCCESS M I
of the Incomparable
.75 NEILL-MOROSCO CO. .75
_.» Presenting Crawford's fE>e- — — .
jjO llghtful Romance. T f)Q
25 InthePalaceoftheKiflg 25
POPULAR PRICES.
Bargain Matinee Thursday,
T25c and 50c. DBS
Next— HEARTS AFLAME. K^
HEATRU
bULUmBBA 10D1SQ THFATa
MATINEE TO-DAY
AND AGAIN ON SATURDAY.
Thrs Week— First Time Here.
AMELIA BIIMGHAM
. And Her Company, Presenting
Clyde Fitch's Latest, Wittiest and Best Play,
THE FRISKY
MRS.JOHNSON
Next Week— Last Performances of the AME-
LI A BINGHAM SEASON— REPERTOIRE.
ALCAZAR HT
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY. •
, Overwhelming- Success of MR.
WHITE WHITTLESBY
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
Evgs.,25c to 75c; Mats.Thurs. & Sat. ,15c to 50c.
SECURE SEATS NOW FOR
NEXT WEEK'S GREAT OFFERING,
THE WANXMAN
By Halt Caine. author of The Christian.
FIRST TIME. IN- BAN FRANCISCO. - •
iWHITEWHITTLESET in the role heretofore
played • only by Wilson Barrett and James
CNeill. *Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TJ. 8. N.," Mer
chants' . Exchange, , San * Francisco. Cal..
; July 21, 1803. v.,.,. .-..¦¦..
The Time. Ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at • noon to-day — 1. e., at noon
of the - 12Qth < meridian, or at 8 ¦ p. ; m. • Oreen- •
wlch.tlme. 1. J. - C* BURNETT, •
Lieutenant. U.S. N.,i in charge.
Fell From Electric Car.
Mrs. G. C. Sutton was ' sitting on the
dummy of an electric car on Monday af
ternoon on Devlsndero street' and as the
car * crossed McAllister street the fuse
flewl outViwIth, a loud noise * which so
frightened '-Mrs. ; Sutton that : she fell off
the carv Policeman BuFdecte, took her to
the' home of : her sister at 1536 : McAllister
street ; and Dr. Hawkins was • summoned.
He found .that: her left shoulder was dis
located," there -was a cut under, ber^ chin
and her lower jaw waa broken.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.| Pier.
Jolr 22. ~)
Alliance.... Eureka & Coob Bay 10 amlPier 10
laqua Humboldt » am Pltr ••
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 'SI
Rainier Seattle &. Whatcom 4 pm Fler 10
North Fork. . Humboldt 5 pm Pier •'
July 23.
Phoenix Pt.Arena & Mndcno 1 pm Pier 13
Centralia. . . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier i;i
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 13
Dcrlc. ...... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
.Inly 24.
Corona. ..... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier- 10
Herodot Hamburg A Way.. 2 pm Pier 2H
Ramona.... Ban Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier II*
July 25.
Newburg. ... Grays Harbor .... 4 pro Pier 10
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
S. Monica... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chico Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Olympic. .... Whatcom & Falrhn 5 pm Pier 2
Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
City Sydney. N. Y. via Punama. 12 m Pier 4U
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
July 20.
S. Rosa..... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
July 27.
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt .fl:30 p Pier la
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma. . |in am Pier 2
Arcata...... Coos B.& Pt.Orford|12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier Z
July 28.
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Lothian China St Japan.... 1 pm Pier Hi
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 9 pm Pier 10
Argyll Nome direct ;.....
* July 29.
Rival....... Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
. July ao.
Queen..... J. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Jnly 31. ,
N.'Mara.... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Nevada n. . . . -Hnolulu fc.Kahulul 3 pmlPler 20
FBOM SEATTLE.
Steamer.: Fon Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway &. Way Ports. July 22
Oregon.. Nome July 2J
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July 23
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. July £«'•
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. July 27
Nome City,.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts July 2»
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. July JO
Ohio.......:. Nome A St. Michael... Aug.' 1
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. X
Aztec. ....... Nome • • Aug. 1
Roanok« ...... Nome & St. Michael... Aug.. 4
Senator...... Nome .......Aug. S
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet & Way PtsjAug. ?
TRI'CKEE, July 21.— Dan O'Connor,
who has worked around Truckee for
many year*, was rut to pieces at Schaf
fer's lumber yard by a train last night.
He attempted «uicide last week and was
undcr^ surveillance, but escaped from his
keeper.
Cut to Pieces by Train.
Tuesday. July 21.
U S stmr Wyoming, Cottman, from target
practice.
ritmr San Mateo.^Loeke, 86 hours fm Tacoma.
Oakland direct.
Ktmr Alliance. Hardwlck, ty, days from
Portland, via Coos Bay and Eurnka 23 hours.
Stmr Eureka. Jesaen, 2.1 hours from Eureka.
! • Stmr Alameda. IXiwdell, 5 days 23 hours fm
Honolulu.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander. 02 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound vorts. .
Stmr Ramona, Eagles, 52 ',4 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Br stmr Lothian, Williamson. 09 days from
Hongkong, via Kobe SI days, via Manzanillo
13 days and CSuaymas 7 days.
Bchr Newark. Relnertsen, 12 hours from
Stewarts Point.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, July 21.
Stmr Pomona, Swanaon. Eureka; Pac Coast
5 S Co.
Htmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon R R
6 Nav Co.
Schr H C Wright, Nielsen, Mahukona; The
Clias Nelson Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday,' July., 21.-.
TJ S stmr Wyoming, Cotman, target practice.
Ktmr Pasadena, Kasmussen, Eureka.. . ' -
Stmr Anro. Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Stmr Edith. Hall, Seattle.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Casoar.
Stmr Pomona,' Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, Eureka.
Bktn Gardiner City. Walton, Eureka.
Bktn Newsboy. Chlpperfleld, Port Blakeley.
Schr Fannie Adele, Sorrins, Grays Harbor. I
Schr Lizzie Prien, Anderson, . Nehalem.
Schr Bessie K, Mertiam, San Vicente Land
ing, j
I TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnOS— July 21, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind W; velocity 12 miles an hour.
SPOKEN.
Per Etmr Alameda, from Honolulu, July 21—
July 15, 12:U5 p ra, oft Molokai, met a bark
bound SW. ,
. July 15, 2:37 p m — Lat 21 41 N. long 167 W,
met four-masted schooner bound SW. ¦ ,¦»-
July 18— Lat 31 9 N. long 142 10 W. stmr
City of Peking, hence July 15 for Yokohama
and Hongkong; 11:40 p in. lat 32 1 N, long 139
11 W, stmr Sonoma, hence July 16 for Honolulu
and Australia. -
July 20— Lat 35 27 N, long 129 08 W, a three
masted schooner bound WNW. ¦ 4 ¦ .
July 20 — Lat 35 19 N. long 130 22 W, ship
Et Francis, hence July 17 for Unalaska, report
ing all well. . ;-"•.';;.
MISCELLANEOUS.;
LONDON, July 19— Cargo of Ger atmr The
ben, previously reported ashore on Cunning
ham Island, to pave from sinking must be dis
charged. Her main deck has >be«n lifted. - -
LONDON, July 21 — Br ship Glencona, -from
Tyne for San Diego, previously reported, ashore
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The bark Martha- Davis returns to HIlo and
the barkentlne Archer to Honolulu with gen
eral carso. .
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Marlborough Hill Is char
tered for barley to Europe at 16s 04 and the
schooner Americana for redwood from Eureka
to Sydney at 40s.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The rates of reinsurance were advanced yes
terday on all the overdues. The Hermis. Mil
ton J J ark and Kdouard Detallle were marked
up to 15 per cent and the Helen Brewer to 25
peir cent.
Reinsurance Advances.
The boy was taken to police headquar
ters and after l>elng told of his narrow
escape from the crimps, he promised that
he would not attempt to run away from
home again. His father left for home
with his so:^by the first train, as he said
he was afRld the boy might be kid
naped. • '-?}'£
The boy was walking past Hansen's
place after he reached the city and a man
accosted him and induced him to enter.
He was kept there, practically a prisoner,
until rescued.
Elder at once started for this city, ar
riving yesterday morning, and hurried to
police headfiuarters. Detective Coleman
was sent with him to 17 Vallejo street
and Coleman says when Hansen was
asked if such a boy was there he denied
It. The boy was seen to hurriedly leave
by th^ rear door, followed by a man, and
when Elder declared that there was
ecmething wrong a man whispered to him
that the boy was afraid of being arrested
in connection with a bicycle he had
bought before leaving home. The boy had
been taken round the block and put in a
rear room, where Detective Coleman and
hie father found him.
Through the assistance of tlje police, \V.
B. Elder, a farmer from Selma, rescued
his eon, Cleve Elder, 16 years of age,
from the hands of crimps yesterday morn
ing. The crimps had arranged for the
usual blood money to send him to sea on
a deep-water vessel.
The boy. who is entirely ignorant of the
ways of the world, ran away from his
home on July 12. His parents did not
hear anything about him till Monday,
when his mother received a letter from
him asking her to send him the photo
graph of his sister and a few personal ar
ticles as he had obtained a good job as
cook on a steamer which was to sail from
this port for Liverpool. England, on July
22. He wrote that he. had beeri promised
lots of money when he reached New
York, wh^re the vessel would touch, and
he would send it to his mother. The let
ter was dated from Harry Hansen's sail
ers' boarding-house at 17 Vallfjo street.
» .
Police Find Farmer's
Son in Sailors'
Resort.
NOTJO — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence an to lime; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, n.<
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus t — )
fign precedes the height", and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the
mran of the lower low waters.
IX) ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
ST. LOUIS ENTBIES.
ST. LOriS, July 21. — Delmar's entries for
to-morrow are:
First race., six furlongs, purse— Require 107.
The Advocate 107. Ranchman 107, Jake 1»7.
Leon De 104. Fast Mate 102. King Rose 104.
Second race, mile and seventy yard*, selling —
Leila Barr 95. Dr. Clark 102. Kitty Clyde 100.
Axares 08. Chandoo 108.
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Dolly Hay
man 102 Ancke 102. Olonetz 104. Howling Der
vish 104. A Lark 107. Mlmo 104.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Scalper 1O4,
Talhouet iai. Forehand HO. BrillUnta 103. Im
boden 107. Clifton Forge 107. .
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Star Gazer 111.
Orleans Wit, Josie F 107. Bengal ltrt. Lord
Roberts 100. Menace 104. Undenella 104.
- Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Viccerne ft». Marchioness 102. De Facto 104.
Pearl Diver 1C2. Immortelle 100. La Cache 90.
Discord 107. Burlap SH>. Crime 102. Lou Beach
100. Sid Silver 104. Tangent 107.
Weather clear; tract fast.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIOXS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Fimt Race Require, King? Rose,
Ranchman. «-....»
Second Race Dr. Clarlc, Kitty
Clyde, Chandoo. • _^ ' -^ -
Third Race Olonet*. Dolly Hay
mi Foarth ar Rne« Imboden, Clifton
Force. Forehand. •
Fifth Race Joaie F. Menace. Ben-
K *sixth Race — 1*» Cache, Mar
cblonesa. llurlitp.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, July 21. — Hawthorne's entries for
to-rr.orrow are:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Freck
man 110, Black Wolf 110. Wm. Wright 110,
Harfang lit). Chapel 110, Instructor HO. Mai
well? 110, Martini" 110, Lanark 110, Honest
John 110. Sir Andrew 107, Liberty Bell 107.
Appolllnarls 107, Miss McMeekin 107, Polk Mil
ler 107.
Second race, short course steeplechase, han
dicap — Ceylon 145. Arius 145. Harvey Bennett
138, Paul Aker ISO, Alma Girl 134. Slapdash
13Q, Spurs 140, Nata 125. (Alma Girl tttd Paul
Aker. Bradley entry.)
•Third race, one mile, handicap — Bragg 110.
Toah ICS. Lucien Appleby 105. Schwalbe 102.
Huzzah OS. Warte Nlcht !>4. Ahola 90.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Scotch Plaid 1C9. Marcos 107. Bard of
Avon 1C0. Wine Sauce 105, Louisville 1C2. Zella
Knight 102, Barrica 102. King Rex 102. Rol
lick II 102. C. B. Campbell 101, Ed Adack 101,
Ktlmorle ft.t. Banana Cream 89, Anna Beall 89.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Father Tallent 103.
Blumenthal 1C8. Sol Smith 1<»«. Pat Hammon
ICS, Buccaneer 1CX. Walter Duffy 108, My Gem
1C5, Sweetie 105. Trompeuse ICS.
Sixth race, one mile — Postmaster Wright 11 1,
Galba 112, Rossmond 112. Sir Hugh 1C9.
Weather cloudy: track fast.
IIAWTIIOIIXE SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Flrnt Knee AVilllam Wright. Mar
tin*. Freclininn.
Second Race Alma Girl, Ceylon.
rani Aker. .
Third Rare— Locien Applel>r. Haz
ziili. Brass:. -
Fourth Knee— Barrlca, Lonlnvllle.
Sro«ch Plaid.
Fifth Race — Dlnmenthal, Pat
Hnnimon. Sweetie.
Sixth Race — Postmaster A\ rlttlit.
Sir Hash. Hiwmnonil.
Trunks and Dress-Suit Cases.
Call for up-to-date traveling bags or
suit cases. Do you need a new trunk?
Carload prices to the user. Leather Goods*
Department. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. *
TO SAIL.
Steamer, j From. 1 Due.
Chlco ..J Coquille River Uuly 22
Corona. ...... I Humboldt July 22
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma July 22
Alaskan. New York July 22
Phoenix Mendoclno & Ft. Arena July 22
Mackinaw Tacoma July 2.1
Santa Roea... San Diego & Way Ports July 2.1
Newport......; New York via Panama. July 2.5
Del Norte Crescent City July 2.'C
Titanla Nanaimo July •>'$
G. W. Eldf>r..i Portland & Astoria July 2i
Silesia J Hamburg &. Way Ports. July 24
PolntArena.. Point Arena July °1
M. Dollar.... Everett July 23
Pomona Humboldt July 25
Argc Eel River Ports July 25
S.Barbara... San Pedro j July °5
S. Monica San Pedro j u i y 25
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 25
Coos Bay Newport 4- Way Ports. July 23
Rival Wlllapa Harbor July 2T,
Hero Oyster Harbor July "',
Eureka Humboldt July "(j
Queen Puget Sound Ports July 28
Curacao Mexican Ports July "7
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. , ." July M
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports July 27
Ccronado Grays Harbor July ''S
North Fork... Humboldt July *>S
Clavering China & Japan July "S
City Para New York via Panama. July 2t>
Ramona gan Pedro & Way PortslJuly 20
Columbia Portland & Astoria lJuly 2">
Centennial . . . Seattle & Tacoma July •>!)
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports lulviii
Siberia China & Japan Tulyiu
Alliance..:... Portland & Way Ports. Aug 1
Denderah . Seattle Aug 1
STAR PITCHER. TA1JLS
DEAD ON THE STREET
Ernest Nichols of Spokane Club Ex
pires Suddenly While- in Com
pany of Teammates.
SPOKANE, Wash.. July 21.— Ernest
Nichols, the star pitcher of the Paciflu
National Baseball League, died suddenly
at Natatorium Park last evening of heart
trouble. Nichols, apparently In good
health, had been talking and laughing
with other Spokane ball playera while
taking a plunge In the natatorium pool.
Later while waiting for a car, First Base
man Nordyke saw Nichols' head fall for
ward as if in a faint. His comrades
placed him on a bench, but could not re
vive him.
Nichols was a native of Nevada and but
21 j-ears old at the time of his death. Ho
first gained prominence as a pitcher for
the Reliance team in the midwinter
league last year. Hl3 ability was soon
recognized and he was siffned by the Spo
kane club. He has tjeen by long odds the
stellar slab artist of the Pacific National
league, having won 21 out of 23 games
this season, a record that has not been
equaled on this coast for a long time.
Nichols' remains will be brought to.thit
city, where hi3 relatives reside. He vJU
be buried here. The members of the lUQl
ance team will act as pallbearers.
SHAMROCK III IN FORM.
With Her Owner on Board She Makes
Great Showing.
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS. N. J.. July
2i._ After her narrow margin of victory
yesterday, Sir Thomas Lipton's new chal
lenger for the nautical blue ribbon was
again in racing form to-day and trimmed
her trial horse by 33 minutes 17 seconds
in a twenty mile race. Much of her vic
tory was due to a fluke in which she cov
ered miles of water, while Shamrock I
hung idle in a calm. Another thing which
the sailors say brought luck to the new
boat was that Sir Thomas, after watch
ing the race from the Erin for several
days, sailed to-day on the challenger.
Her crew declares he rarely fails to bring
good luck.
The race, was to have been for forty
miles, but a shift of wind spoiled the
plan and the boats sailed a close reach
east-southeast from Scotland ship and
back, the last five miles about dead to
windward. Shamrock I was just passing
Sandy Hook lightship four miles away
when the challenger rounded Scotland
lightship and finished.
The boats then took a broad reach a£
six miles south along the Jersey coast
in a 10-knot wind. Shamrock III ran
away from the- old boat at about an
eighth of a mile on the way out. beating
her by a few hundred yards back to the
lightship. She clinched her victory by
outsailing her by several minutes in a
thresh-up through Gedney's channel and
the ship channel to their moorings in the
horseshoe. The victory was decisive on
every point of sailing.
There are 19S Baptist churches in Rus
sia, with 22,244 members, and last year
1254 were added by baptism.
WASHINGTON*. July 21.— The Papal Dele
gate Jn this city has received notice from
Rome of the appointment of the Rev. Charles
O'Rellley as Bishop of the new diocese la
Eastern Oregon. His headauarters v^tll be at
Baker City.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 19— Stmr Moltke,
from New York via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 21— Stmr Cevlc,
from Liverpool.
Sailed 'July. 21— Stmr Victorian, for Liver
pool; stmr Kaiser Wllhelm III. for Bremen,
etc: Btmr Auranla for Liverpool. .
LONDON— Sailed July 20— Stmr Lancaster,
for Boston.
Arrived July 20— Stmr Mlnnehaha, from New
York. 21— Stmr Anglian, from Boston.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 21— Stmr
Haverford, from Philadelphia, and proceeded.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 21 — Stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver for Hongkong.
SYDNEY. NSW — Arrived prior to July 21 —
Stmr Moana, from Vancouver via Honolulu and
Brisbane.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 20— Stmr Zeeland,
from New York. •— - • ¦ .
, LIVERPOOL— Sailed July 20— Stmr Caledo
nian, for Boston." ;-i •' ,,-*¦'.-"
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived July 20— Bark
Challenger, from Mazatlan; Br stmr Indrasam
ha. from Hongkong. -
TABLE BAY— Arrived July 20— Br bark An
cona, from Chemainus. N
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed July 19— Br ship
Machrlkhanlsh, from London for Santa Rosalia.
VENTNOR— Passed July 17— Supposed Fr
bark Nantes, from . Hull for Han Francisco.
BARRY— Sailed July 19— Fr bark Marie, for
Oregon. .
CHERBOURG— Sailed July 13— Fr bark
Bossuet. for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Sailed July 19— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
EAST LONDON— Arrived July 17— Fr bark
Max. hence A»rl| 13.
PORT ELIZABETH— Arrived July 18— Br
¦hip Wendur. from Chemainus. Prior to July
21— Fr bark Eugene Pergellne, hence April 23.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived prior to July 21— Fr
bark Bayard, hence April 23: Oer bark See
fahrfr, from Oregon.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed July 19— Br ship
Andorlnha, . for San Francisco.
REIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed July 20— Bark Edward
May. for Maka well. ¦
HONOLULU— Arrived July 21— Stmr Ven
tura, from Australia, and sails to-nlgbt for
San Francisco. '
ISLAND PORTS
NEW YORK— Arrived July 20— Stmr Yuca
tan, from Colon.
PORTLAND— Sailed July 21— Bktn John
Palmer and schr John A, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 21 — Slmrj Robert Dollar, from
San Francisco. -^
VANCOUVER— Arrived July 21— Ship TWo
Brothers, from fan Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived July 21— Schr Advent,
from San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed July 21—
Stmr Alcatraz. for Snn Francisco.
MONTEREY— Sailed July 21— Schr Maweena,
for Seattle.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed July 21— Bktn Arago,
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 21— Stmr Rfedon
do, hence July 19: schr Jas A Garfield. from
Coos Bay; bktn John C Meyer, from Port Madi
son.
Sailed July 21 — Schr" Sadie, for Umpqua;
schr Expansion, for Port Townsend; schr Al
bert Meyer, for Whatcom; schr Ludlow, for
Port Townsend.
EUREKA— Arrived Julv 21— Schr Mary
Buhne, hence July 10.
Sailed July 21— Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Lakme, for San Pedro.
EASTERN PORTS.
REDON DO— Sailed July 21— Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco; BChr, J A Campbell, for
Port Towns* nd; schr E*j. for Eureka.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived July 21—
Stmr Scotia, hence July 20.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 21— Schr
John G North, from Tonga.
BANDON— Arrived July 21— Schr Ruby, fm
San Pedro.
POINT LOBOS— Passed July 21— Stmr West
port, from Wfstport for — — .
PORT HADIjOCK— Arrived July 21— Stmr
Montara. from Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed July 21— Stmr" Mlnneton
ka. for San Francisco; stmr Spokane, for
Alaska.
Arrived July 21 — Stmr Mlneola, from San
Francisco. •
COOS BAY— Arrived July 21— Schr Webfoot,
hence July 3.
Sailed July 21 — Stmr Signal, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
l'ORT BLAKKLEY— Sallrd July 20 — Back
Prussia, for y»n Francisco.
Arrived July 20— Schr Balnbrtdse, from San
Tedro.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 20— Stmr Portland,
for Nome; stmr Dirico. for Skagway. 21 —
Stmr Mcntara. for San Francisco via Port Had
lock; Etmr Hpokane, for SItka; stmr Cone
tnaugh, for Nome.
TATOOSH— Passed In July 21— Sehr Henry
K Hall, from Honolulu; bark Coloma, from
Sallna Cruz for Everett.
HONOLULU, July ?1— Br stmr Clavering.
previously reported at Honolulu; salvage claims
reported to be over ?2.\0OO. . . ;
LONDON', July 21 — Assistance has gone from
Buenos Ayres to Br ship Glencona. previously
reported ashore at San Bias.
HONOLULU. July 21— Br stmr Clavering.
previously reported ar-hore here, cot off; now
in harbor: sustained no damage.
•j. r v
at San Bias, has Jettisoned 200 tons of cargro
and In bunniUit heavily; cannot be got off
without assistance.
CHINA COMMERCIAL COMPA
NY'S LIN'KR WHICH AR
RIVED YESTERDAY.
NOTE— The high ami .on: waters occur ft
the city front (Mission--neet wnarf) hbout
twenty-five minutes lit* 1 - than nf Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. Jl'LY 22.
Sun rises 7... 5:03
Sun sets 7:28
M<K>n rlres 2:5!) a. m.
C Time Tlme| Time Time
t Ft. -I Ft. Ft. Ft.
* L. \Y H W| U W II W
22 I 5;33J — O.SilO:46 4.7j 3:151 2.7| J«:2H| oH»
03 ] 4-20\— 1.1|11:31 O.Oj 4:091 2.G!10:ltij «.:$
21 1 5:051 — 1.2(12:14 ,1.2f 5:021 2.4111:10 «5.2
25 1 D:r.ll— l.lll2:B5 5.31 5:5«| 2.3|
II W ;i..*\V |H W !L, W
20 0:00! CO! «^{6— 0.SI 1:35 5.5! H:5l 2.1
27 1:CO! S.fii 7:20;— 0.3! 2:15 5.«] 7:52 ].»
28 2:02| • "5.21 «:W»t • O..T| 2:69? 5.7| 8:5S| 1.7
United States Coast and Geodet-c Survey —
, Times and H»izht« of Hlz'i and Lo.v
Waters at Fort Point. onrrai:e to Kai.
Francisco Bay. Published i> cffl.-ijl au
thority of the Superttiterrjen*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
1'iomptiy on schedule time and as nriVal
crowded with passengers, the Oceanic Steam
ship Co-npuny'r. Alameda arrived yesterday
afternoon ."rom Honolulu. She brought a full
cargo and her passenger lift Included many
people pron:ir.ent in the Hawaiian capital and
well known here, a number of navy officers
from Midway Island came up on the Alameda.
Chi»-f of them was Commander C. F. Fond,
who went from thf steamship »4ltect to Yerba
liuena training station, where he at present
has his horre. .Z. T. George of the Santa Fe
freight department returned on the Alameda.
The passengers imludrd fhe following named:
Dr. Alvarez. Midshipman I. S. Arwine,
George Andrain. Mr. Barry, Mr. Harwell, F.
J. Bertolaln and wife. Mrs. Dartlett Miss K.
D. Burke, Captain C. Caplos, Thomas Clark,
J. C. Cohen and wife. Mrs C. Crane Mrs.
AV. A. Clark and daughter. Miss A. M. 'Dletss.
Brother Ferdinand. S. Fujiyama. Z. T. George
Dr. Garvin and servant. K. Icfaikawa. W. A.
Johnston. Mrs. Lieutenant T .A. Jones and
child. H. Kohn. Miss D. Kirkland, J. M Kirk
land. Kimura. H. Koga. Father Libert. 'Bishop
of Ziif'Kma: F. B. Langstroth, Brother Mat
thias. Joe Millet. Miss McTlgue. S. Matsuua
ga. F. J. McLaughlln, Muranaka. T. Naka
shlma, S. Xakamura. Edward Osborn, Mr.
PendT. Captain Pearce,' Captoln Pattiron.
Commander C. F. Pond. C. H. Plcard. Miss
Regelsberger. Mrs VV. H. Rice and daughter.
Miss N. M. Sturtevant. S. Schweltxer. Father
Sylvester, S. Sugiyami. Midshipman T. L.
Stltt. R. H. Sterling and wife. Brother Theo
dore H. Tajiaka. F. Thomas and wife P. L.
Unger. J. Vlerra, C. II. Wheeler. J. H Wood
son. W. O Walker. H. M. Whitney. W. p.
Whlttey. S. Yamamoto. II. Yamaguchl. Miss
Bush.
Alameda Arrives From Honolulu.
The I'matilla shipment included fifty
two bundles of whalebone, valued at $36,-
OuO: sixteen barrels of Ivory, valued at
12250, and furs in smelly, unsightly bun
dles, which in their present state repre
sent a market value of $2S,996.
ered in northern latitudes by the
men engaged in the whaling, hunting and
trapping industries. Although a small
part of the ultimate harvest the shipment
of whalebone, ivory and furs brought
down by the Umatilla is valued at nearly
J70.000 and, as a forerunner of the rich
spoils yet to come, attracted considerable
interest in that no small part of the local
world that depends for a livelihood on the
annual catch of the wild things of the
far north.
THE Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Umatilla, which arrived yes
terday from Puget Sound, brought
down the first of the harvest gath-
SAVE BOY FROM
CRIMPS' HANDS
Matinee Races at Tanforan
on Admission Day.
The members of Golden Gate Park
Driving Association met last night in the
Palace Hotel and outlined plans for a
programme of matinee races at Tanforan
track on Admission day.
Instead of throwing the races open, as
in the past, it is proposed to have a pro
gramme of four invitation races in which
the horses will be carefully matched. The
races will be for cups and ribbons. One
artistic cup has been offered already for
competition in a special race.
President Edward Aigeltinger will ap
point committees to take charge of the
affair at the next meeting- of the club*.
Speedway Horses Will Take Part in
DRIVING ASSOCIATION
MEET FOB SEPTEMBER
McChesney will be pent to Saratoga to
morrow under the care of Frank Taylor.
The nature of McChesney'n injury is* not
positively known. It might bp cured in a
week or it might take a month. There is
no chance of the Western horse taking:
part in any race within the next ten
days, hence the proposal of the Metropol
itan Jockey Club to offer $10,000 for Mc-
Chesney and Waterboy to meet at Jamaica
could not be entertained, although both
Messrs. P. J. Dazc-1 and P. II. McCarren
said they were willing to make such an
offer on behalf of the racing- association.
The first race at Saratoga for which
both McChesney and Waterboy are eligi
ble is the Saratoga Champion stakes, to
be run on August 15. Both horses are
entered for the Saratoga Cup, to be run
on August 22, and the Champlaln stakes,
August 25. It is understQod Waterboy
will be shipped to Saratoga within ten
days.
NEW YORK, July 21.— There will be no
match race at Brighton Beach to-mcrrow
between Waterboy and McChesney. The
latter pulled up lame after h:s jrallop to
day at Gravesend track. He injured his
off foreleg. In the workout the first mile
was done in 1:42, with a last quarter in
:2S. The lameness was so pronounced that
the special waa abandoned. Word was at
once conveyed to John Boden Jr., secre
tary of the Brighton Beach Racine Asso
ciation, and h<», with murh regret, posted
a bulletin announcing the special could
not be run.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Flrnt Itsrc — rnturliu. Sunanto
CoBBterpniiie. *
SerontI Rare Walter rienry. Gnm
Honcj, KlKhbre.
Third Itaer jLndj- William*. Klnir
llalnr. IIbUv Green.
Fourth Itnee— Tlie Soatbrrner
rmisft Entry. Tim Payne. •""¦•"f.
Fifth Ilaee _ Kno^ ledjfe. Don.
Bell,. Flornl Klnif. ' IJOn
Sixth Itace Gavlota, KII a Snyder
Coorlenay.
liRIGIITOV BBACB SELECTIOXS.
<By the New Tork Telegraph.)
Fifth rac*. six furlongs, maiden two-v*ar-olds
-The Buck 112. Flying Machine 109 Twetdie
109. Flf^adale 109. Topic 122. Sunshine Vfilr
Uain 112. H«.lle of Wakefleid 103° KnoTvlJdee
J12. Mldshf^man 132. Phaser 112 Mr Siste?
HW. Regian 1C9. Gold Tip 112. Anna Haninss
Its Floral Kir^ 112. r af , ar.u Gown l(i Don!
ft^ly 112. Gold Spot 109. Lida Lieb 1<», Eclectic
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, fhree
y^ar-nlrfs end up — Sam Crai* 114 De k'aher
1f2. El!a Snyder U«. Dutch Dan 114 £nt?y
1M, Fi' EH*r*lle 112, Courtenay 114. Gavloti
Weather cl^ar: track fast.
BHIGHTOW BEACH ENTRIES.
toSrnI° a R r?; JU ' y 21 — Br^btons entrie. for
Firyt race. Fix furlongs. three-vcTr^M»_
Futurita 101. Duke of Kendal 1^' Pal^ate^
K»l. Navapota 1C1. Lajara 1<C IUvria Kjif
Tr^pass ioi. Counterpoise ics/ Squinio 103
<.r*. Prig l.jii. Athelroy 111. Our Xugget «
r«r 14<.. Maniitan 155, Gum Honey IS Hiir
bef 1^3. Tour Grace 14«». George Keene 1 '5
Holland 184. Librette II 14C. Waltw O*?*v iS
. Tr «rf. r '- on * and Bn et^ ht h miles, seliiru—
«1 d3 t \ U11 t ms '"• DaiF >" Gr " n ««• THbef Hill
HI. I^dy Potentate s#8. Goldsby 111. Earl of
la" 1 "*"' ?^? M0 - K' 0 *™ 1 " 1 " *<*•¦ St "ever
Fourth race, f.x furlongs, two-year-oij? The
Montauk— Long .Shot 1(J7. Tim Payne 115' Yel
low Hammer 1<>7. Juvenal Maxim 107' The
Foutherner 1<)7. llohave Krr. Gold Spink 11 j
nob Murrhy 13.'- <VeIIow Hammer and Juvenai
Msxirr.. Pajet «ntriej=.)
SIXTH RACE— One »n<l a sixteenth milef
..-year-olciF ar.fl u": sen:ng:
IV-ttir.g. Hor»p. Weight. Jockey. St K Fin
23 to 1— Khitai. 107 <Dangman). . . 2, 4 l *:
«• to 1 — Rite Victor. 107 <Fu!ler) 7 3 2 •»
4(. t-» l— Anak. llo fCochranl 8 S ah
iv^T"- i}'*J?-'2- Ptart driving.
\\ ni.fr, 1L Griham's rh. jr. by Blue and Grav-
I'ti'..csra. Gibson Li?-ht 107 The Reeent li-'
HeUa^ 310. Annie Grace ion. .Scoffer no
nan) j 3 t |
* fi 1— Liu!e Em. 102 <Redfern).. 8 5 3%
T;n>p. 1:14. Start Jalr. Won driving. Win
r7- T - riV, tChc T k Jr>e ch c - b y Myrthful-
Flower rvilis. Hazelwood 111, Jim Kelly 110
<,old Dome K«. Pol Roger IOC. October Flower
102, Gyj-yy IJ,n l<.->. Orod-II 102, Destiny 102
alfo ran.
riFTH RACE— Six furlongs: 2-jear-olds
purse: | , .,-]
liettinR. Horse, Weight. J.x-k»y. Pt »i Fin
7 to 0 — Jocund, 111 < Hums). ..."... 2 1 1 h
P to 2 — Montana King. 110 (Bull-
FOURTH RACE— The Nautilus Selling
£t*kei-: one and ti> einrhth miles:
Bettinit. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 1 — Andy William*. 110 (Odom) 6 2 1 ;j
S to 1— Bellirio. 96 (McCafferty). 5 1 2h
IS to 1 — Irascible. »3 (Rpdrem)... 4 4 3 2
Time. 1:53 3-5. Start good. Won handily.
W inner, A. Shields b. h. by Klngstock-Car
ir.encita. Etnie* lr<6. Bon Mot 1W Home
nead Kv3. The Rival 10C. Coruscate 1W i'enin-
Fula 10S. also ran. '
THIRD RACE — One and a quarter miles;
handicap; 3- year-olds and up:
Eettine. Hor*e, WVtclii. Jockey. St. ~i Fin.
16 to .'• — Circus. SS <R<*dfern). . .". . . « 6 1 3
2 to 1— Articulate. 116 (Larson).. 3 1 2h
f« to ft— Sambo. Ill fOdom) 1 5 3h
Time. 2:07. Start good. Wen cleverly. Win
ner, J. G. Langs b. h. by Charasus-Xione.
SECOND RACE— Six furlong*; 2-year-olds;
wiling:
I>Uing. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
K to f. — Dinah Shad. 106 (Burns).. 4 1 1 «*
]O to 1 — Luminosity. 104 <Redfern) S 4 2 s «
15 to 1— Ned Moore, lfla «FuIler).. 2 5 3 2
Time. 1:15. start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. K. L. Graves" ch. t by King Krlc-T».>
Hearts. Short Cake «4. Flower 104, Florizel
120, Sandhurst 107. Stromah 101. Hopeful Miss
104. ilighwind «7. La Grecque 101, Arthur 106
Long Distance 102. Klngsboro 104. Ruth Par
ish 104, also ran. The laet three fell.
NEW YORK. July n.— During tta<? run
ning of the second race at Brighton
Beach an accident occurred, in which
three horses fell. Beauchamp. one of
the unfortunate jockeys, was badly hurt
about the head and left side and suffered
great agony. Michaels escaped with a
cut on the head, while Cochran was un
hurt.
The accident happened at the head of
the ctretch, where Cochran, on Ruth Par
rish, attempted to come through on the
rail. In doing so he bumped against High
Wind and fell. I-org Distance, with Mi
chaels up, and Kinsgt>oro. with Beau
champ up, stumbled and fell. Both Mi
chaels and Beauchamp were stunned and
report had*lt that all throe jockeys were
kil!e<5. This, however, proved Incorrect.
Summary:
FIRPT RACE— Highwelght Handicap: six
f tirlonBs :
Hetting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *« Fin.
to 1— Operator, 323 (Matthewc). 7 5 12
into 1— Forward. 117 <Burn«» «5 3 2h
8 to 1— Inrold. 124 (Cochran) 2 1 Sta
Time, 1 :14 2-5. 8ta.it bad. Won driving. Win
tier. H. B. Durham* b. h. by Victory-Thanks.
THieliFt 11». Knight of Harlem 112. St. Daniel
122. <"af=svi!ie l«ci. Cartiv»tor US, Cinqueva!!!
JIM. Fiyiiig Buttress 11T Wealth 117. Tim D
Jr. 1X8. A^ril Showers 122. Locket 115. Cand
ling 11-1. also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and one-eighth miles.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 1— Mernphian. ltU (C Bonner) 7 7 11
7 to 5 — Murmur. 1>7 (D. Austin).... 8 5 2n
12 to 1— Baronet, 104 *F. Smith) 4 8 o 1
Time 1:57*1- Start good. Won easily
Winner. J. C. Ghio's ch. c. by Requital-
Dclphine. Eugenia S ltti. Goo Goo 92. Galan
thus 97. Charles Ramsey 113. Belle Simpoon
lta. Ida Poniancc 102. Miss Eon 92. Fon
tfpray 104. Chickasha 9O. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
25 to 1— Ivernia. 95 ( Breden) 4 3 In
7 to 2— Evea G. 95 <L. Jackson).. 3 12 2
1« to 1— Oudenarde. 10O (ShilUng).. 2 4 on
Time. 1:17. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. L. S. Sires ch. f. by 3t. Leonari-
Queenston. La.«so 10O. Golden Glitter 95. Tony
Lepping 97, Mynheer S>7. Hook Se Oka SK). also
ran.
FOt'RTH RACE — Six furlocgs. handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. %, Fin.
4 to 1— Crotx'd'Or. 102 (F. Smith) 5 5 1 n
0 to .%— Kindred. 107 <I>. Hall).... 3 4 2 t,
H to 1— Bridge, 02 f Shilling) 1 2 o b
Time. 1:16%: Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. Mulkey's ch. g. by Poc Hart-
Golden Slipper. Malster 100, Mabel Winn 10s.
Frank Bell 111, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a haft furlongs,
sellinr. '• . _
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Athena. 102 ID. Austin)... 2 4 In
7 to 2— *Oc> rohe. 107 (Drldewell). . 3 3 28
2 to 1 — 'Pretension. 107 (t>. Hall>. 4 2 3 J^
J* to 1 — T>r Cartlecjge.lCB (F.Smith) 1 1 4 Vi
12 to 1— Sartor Resartus.Ott (Howell) 5 5 5 i
Time l:103«. Start good. Won handily.
Winner T. P. Hayes' b. f. by Halma-Bessi-;
Lee B. ' Town Moor lufi. Lady Ray W>. also ran.
•Ocyrohe and Pretension disqualified for foul
ing. .
SECOND RACE— One mile, selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.*
« to 5— Nearest^ 1C8 (F. Smith)... 5 b 1 »
ft to 1— Reducer. 1C9 tBell) \ 2 in
5 to 1 — Dr. Kammerer, S»2 (Howell) 4 3 J n
Time. 1:44%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. K. Hughes" b. m. by Knight of EI-
J«r»Ue-Dearest. MacBeth 10T. Clalea 102.
Leonid no. Poyntx 110. Lilly Long W>. Mister
Dooley i)». Venus Vlctrix 103. Broodier 100. also
ran.
ST LOUIS. July 21.-The best that the
card offered to-day at Delmar Psjfk ™»
the six furlong handicap. , t whi «£ tt £">**
dOr won in a drive, after Siting a
rather bad start. The weather was clear
and the track good. Summary -
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs. P"™^ _
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. .St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Lord Hermce. 105 (F.Smith) 4 4 IT
U to s-WlKwam. W3 (J. Sheehan). » J J
5 to 2-Don Alvaro. 109 (Troxler). . J I -3 3
Time. l:O4. Start fair. W on ***"/¦ J" '""
ner. J. F. Daniels * Co. • Dv c b, -He™*"^
Biddy Doyle. Dusty Miller lt^S. Bu .»"fT iVh'
Slgnorlna 102. Enigma 1C2. EufleHorn £?•
Port Warden 105, MiUbrook 110. Se>en Oaks
107, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and a sixteenth: pnr»e:
Betting. Hori»e, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Sid. C. Love, 100 (Wr.drly) 3 3 1 »£
3 to 2— Glassful, 01 (U Wilson).. 12 28
8 to 1— Airtight, 94 (Helgesen). . . 2 3 33
Time, 1:47 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. G. Stutte"s eh. c. by Dr. Rice-
Constance IV. Sailor's Dream 9t>, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — The Giver, 112 (Domlnick) 2 5 1 n '
00 to 1-2-Prlde of Galore, 98 <Forst) 3 12 1
30 to 1— Fr. Wentker, 117 (Boland) 4 3 3 n
Time. 1:15 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner C. T. Boots" br. c. by Tiger-Miss Gift.
IVEtrlenne 114. Callant 111. "*he Major Ut».
Inventor 112. Semper Vivum 110. Handley
Cross 111, Safeguard 100, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Mile, selling:
Betting- Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
17 to 1 — Cornwall. 107 (Henry) 5 4 lh
12 to 1— Frivol. 98 (B. Davis)..... » 1 2n
3 to 1— Alfred C, 101 (Williams). 2 2 3n
Time, 1:42 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. H. Slack's br. c. by Faraday-Alta
Blue. Major Tenny 104. Rolling Boer 100.
I.lnea 102, Echodale 104. Major Dtxon 102,
Black Dick 111, Albert Enrlght 106, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile and an eighth; handl
cap i
Betting. Hors». Weight. Jockey. Et. *i Fin.
11 to 5 — Nitrate. 103 <C. Gray) 2 2 12
80 to 1— Zazel. t»0 (Helgesen).. .'. .. 4 3 21
12 to 5— Modicum, 88 (Adkins) 1 1 3n
Time, 1:54 3-0. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Durnell & Herz's b. h. by Tea Tray-
Nlnevah. The Conqueror II 103, Barca 92.
Frangible 00. also ran.
SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 1 — Auditor. 105 (Helgesen) 4 i. 1 *»
S to S — Peter Paul, 114 <Dominick) 2 1 2 A
H to 1 — Commodore, 105 (Booker).. 5 8 o .i±t
Time. 1:07 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. 8. 8. Drown's b. c. by Esher-Alccst's.
Nettie ljutehman 102, Blue Darter 105, Elwocd
105. Codex 102. also ran. Jim Tyrrell 1UC. ran
out!
CHICAGO, July 21.-The principal race
on the programme at Hawthorne to-day
was the mile and a furlong handicap for
3-year-olds and upward, which was won
by Nitrate after a hard drive through the
entire stretch. The other events were of
very ordinary caliber. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. &t. fi tin.
2 to 1— Orfeo, 102 (Wonderly) 2 1 US
10 to 1 — Ocean Dream. 102JKnapp) 1 - - -
3 to 1— Serge. I1O (Helge*en> 3 « SI
Time, l.'it. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. Limi & Co.'s b. g. by Orsinl-Moonllt.
Ueauttful and Best 110, Sherry 104, Miss Man
ners 1UO. Klr«t Chip 100, Swlftwing 09. Flores
tan 03 I.ady Matchless IO. Eggncgg 0.. Fad
ing Light »», Hindi »7. Odran \>i, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Beauchamp Sustains Severe
Bruises and Suffers
Agony.
May Meet Waterboy at Sar
atoga, Both Being En
' tered There.
Auditor, With a Pull in the
Weights, Outfoots Peter
Two Horses Are Disqualified
for Fouling in the Third
Race-
Serious Accident Mars
the Second Race
at Brighton.
McChesney Injured in a
Workout at Graves
end Track.
Zazel, at Thirty to One,
Gives Him an Argu
ment.
Steamship Umatilla Am^
of the Arctic Hunters' Harvest, Which in Quality
and Quantity Holds Promise of Very Good Season
JBestinthe Six Furlong
Handicap at Del
mar.
FALLING HORSES
INJURE JOCKEYS
SPECIAL MATCH
DECLARED OFF
NITRATE STANDS
A LONG DRIVE
BRINGS WHALEBONE, IVORY
AND FURS VALUED AT $70,000
CROIX D'OR WINS
FROM BAD START
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1903.
8
ADVEBTISESTENTS.
LENOX
*
CIGAR
_J__ ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ In the early dtys of Blatz brewing the height of beer perfection was
aimed at and achieved. To maintain this standard— to brew that self-same
rood beer without variation in flavor or quality became a fixed Blatx ambi-
tion. Every detail from selection of hops and barley to the filling of the
bottles Is a Blatz science. At Club or Oaf* or Delivered la Bottles to the
home.
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE J* Non-Intoxlcant-For^onlc Purposes.
BRAUNSCHWEIGER & CO., Inc.
8 epd T Drumm SI. Scp Frcrjelico. Telephone Main 1646. Wholesole DeolersBELATIVES AND FBIENDS
HONOB A TOWN FOUNDER
Mrs. Edwards of Crockett, on Whose
Farms Municipalities Started,
Entertains. •
CROCKETT, July 21.— The home of Mrs.
Mary Edwards, a pioneer of the State,
was thronged with relatives and friends
last Sunday, when • she. celebrated her
eighty-fourth birthday. Mrs. Edwards
was warmly congratulated. on her excel
lent health, and generously entertained
the host "of guests.
She came from; North Wales in 1837 and
crossed the plains In 1S50. Sha settled In
Stanislaus first', ahdj"; with : her husband
founded Independence, the county seat of
Inyo, and also the town of Crockett.
Both towns started on the Edwards
farms. , Mrs. Ea'wards has eight children,
of whom five survive. Her; husband died
twenty, years ago. .
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers last evening Patrolman Edward F.
Ward was promoted to the position of
corporal from the civil service list of eli
glbles, vice Thomas Boland. retired.
The charge of neglect of duty preferred
against Patrolman George H. Graham
was dismissed. Patrolman A. G. Hostet
ter was fined $25 for unofflcerlike conduct
and using abusive language to a superfor
officer. , . ..
Considerable testimony was taken in the
case of Patrolman William F. Kruger.
who is charged by Joseph Desmond with
having used insulting and threatening
language and beaten the complainant
without cause while in the patrol wagon.
The matter went over until next Thurs
day when several more witnesses will be
examined and a decision rendered.
The charge of neglect of duty preferred
against Patrolmen Henry S. Prowse and
William Doran by Sergeant Shaw went
over for one week for a decision.
Patrolman Jack Stelzner, who at the
risk of his own life saved a child from
being ground to death under the wheels
of a Geary-street car. will be presented
with a gold watch by Colonel A. Andrews
and a medal by Horace G. Platt, presi
dent of the Geary-street Railroad, at the
meeting Thursday afternoon. The officer
had received a communication from Mr.
Platt asking that he accept the tokens,
and in conformity with the rules of the
department the matter was referred to the
commission, which granted Stelzner per
mission to receive the gifts. :,>.
G. Baflgo and G. Campl were appoint
ed special officers for the Scavengers'
Union to watch any transgression of the
laws by the scavengers of the city. George
S Urquhart, Charles A. Whltehead, Harry
L Jones and Alexander Hamilton were
appointed special policemen. The charges
of unofflcerlike conduct and making an
unwarranted arrest preferred against Spe
cial Officer M. Deasey by Nelson Higglns
were dismissed.
Patrolman Stelzner Will Be Pre
sented With Gold Watch and
a Medal for Bravery.
COMMISSION HEARS
CASES OF OFFICERS
Three boys, John Elliot, Arthur Moor*
and Eugene Mooney, whose ages range
from 8 to 14 years, were arrested last
night by OfQcer Scott after they had
broken Into the showcase of a Market
street store and stolen a quantity of
cigars. There were four more in the com
pany, but they managed to make good
their escape. The lads were booked at th«
Southern station and then taken to the
City Hall station to await the action of
the Juvenile Court.
George Parnrick. 5 years of age, who
lives at 229 Franklin street, was knocked
down by a wagon near his borne last
night. He was stunned by the shock but
otherwise uninjured. Alexander Pollock,
the driver of the. wagon, was arrested
but later released on (20 cash bail.
To-morrow the examination of the Ep
plngers and Bernhard Ettlinger before
Milton J. Green, register in bankruptcy,
will begin in Mr. Green's office. What
effect the proceedings of the Grand Jury
will have upon the testimony to be given
by the partners of the grain firm, bo
fore the register remains to be seen.
The Grand Jury will meet this after
noon and will bring In an indictment
against Herman Epplnger, so It is sup
posed. Bernhard Ettlinger of the firm of
Epplnger & Co. probably will not be In
dicted.
EPPINGERS WILE TAKE
UP THEIR ATTENTION"
To the President and Members cf the Jour
neymen Stonecutters' Association — Gentlemen:
Since misrepresentations of the matter at issue
between u« have appeared In the press lately,
we deem It but Justice to ourselves that we
should put the facts before the public in their
true light
First — We have offered to arbitrate our dif
ferences arbitrators to be chosen in the usual
way. which offer naa been absolutely refused
by you. *
Second — We have also proposed that we
would put members of the Stonecutters' Union
on the planere at such periods a» would not
destroy the efficiency of our planers during
completion of present contracts, taken long
before you made these demands, you well
knowing that they are necessary to success
fully carry on our business, and keep our
agreements. We even agreed In the Interest
of peace that your members should be paid
the asual rate of stonecutters' wages during
apprenticeship, and that only the regular
union hours should be worked, stipulating only
that our present skilled planer hands be al
lowed to work a second «mft till our present
contracts are completed.
This last proposition was practically adopted
at a general meeting of your union by a good
majority. Without further discussion or vote
It was rescinded the following day. We have
the Interest of the trade at heart and »tand
ready to make any arrangement that will not
be unjust to our present employes, your union
or ourselves and we should have sufficient
business sense and mutual forbearance to ar
rive at this result.
We must emphatically deny that the men
now employed upon our, planers are unskilled,
some of them having worked with us for nine
years and a majority of them for over tnree
years! while the members of your union at
present here are absolutely unskilled In the
use of these machines.
We have sent this statement to the press as
the true facts in the case and stand ready to
abide with everything expressed therein.
COI.USA SANDSTONE COMPANY. Per
THOMAS BRADBURY. „„„„
McPHEE COMPANY. Per D. McPHEE.
THE McGILVRAY STONE COMPANY. Per
JOHN D. McGILVRAY.
In answer to the representations of the
striking members of the Journeymen
Stonecutters' Association, the employers
whose yards are affected by the strike
have published the following statement:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 20. 1903.
Reasons Given Why Present Strike
Seems Unreasonable in
Their Eyes.
STONECUTTERS RECEIVE
EMPLOYERS' STATEMENT
Clark represents the contracting firm
that laid the cable and Barwell is the
chief electrician for the cable company.
Pendar is the grandson of the famous
father of cables. Sir John Pendar. who
backed Cyrus Field in the first cable en
terprise, and A. E. Wolf Barry is the son
of Sir John Wolf Barry, who constructed
the Tower bridge of London. The two
last named gentlemen simply accompa
nied Captain Pattlsorr as his. guests on
his tour of the world by the Suez Canal.
Captain Pattison stated last evening
that, while the cable had been connected
on July 4, the contract work would not b«
accepted by the cable company until Au
gust 4. by which time the contractors will
have made their guaranty tests. He also
added that it would probably be sixty
days before the cable would be opened
for general use by the public, for it would
require that time to complete the cable*
buildings at the various stations and per
fect the connections at the Manila end.
Captain G. Pattison. superintendent of
the Pacific Commercial Cable Company,
under whose direction the cable between
the Philippines and the Hawaiian Islands
was laid, accompanied by H. D. Pendar.
T. Clark. H. S. Barwell and A. E. Wolf
Barry, arrived j on the steamer Alameda
from Honolulu yesterday and all ate reg
istered at the Palace Hotel.
structors Return From Their
Trans-Pacific Work.
TTNDER HIS DIRECTION
THE CABLE "WAS LAID
Captain Pattison and Party of Con-
These visits go to show the man had
some object In being in that neighbor
hood, though what it was is a question.
And after all his wanderings have been
traced the whole thing resolves itself
down to one puzzling Question, "What
was the man doing In West Berkeley and
why did he linger about In the neighbor
hood of the Brennan barn at 7 o'clock?"
when he was seen by Mrs. Annie Wilson.
Three men who thought the man was
one who had applied to them for work
and assistance looked at the body to-day,
but went away satisfied that he was not
the man they knew. D. W. Standeford of
Eighth - and Market streets, Oakland,
thought the deceased might have been a
man named Allnut, who came to him
looking for work with a recommendation
from Professor F. H. E. O'Donnell of the
State Deaf and Dumb and Blind Asylum.
When Standeford looked at the body he
was unable to say that It was that of the
same man, and later Professor O'Donnell
visited the Morgue and said he was posi
tive it was not the man to. whom he had
given a letter. Peter Johnson of b73 Thir
teenth street thought it was a man to
whom he had loaned a dollar on the
strength of a story of hard luck, but
when he examined the man's features he
said it was a different person altogether.
Charles A. Brown, a horseman known
as "Pe'digtee'-\Brown, thinks he saw the
unidentified stranger at the Sausalito
poolrooms last Wednesday. Among the
effects 'in the murdered man's pockets
was a return ticket to Sausalito.
LINGERED AT BARN.
All this conversation took place about five
minutes before 11 o'clock. I drove around tr»
three, or four places, delivering orders, and
finally reached Carman's saloon Just as the
whistle was blowing at the noon hour. As I
drove toward the saloon on San Pablo avenue
I saw thla man come out and start toward the
barn, where he was afterward killed. That
was the last I law of him. '
The stranger paid two visits to West
Berkeley In the course of day, and
what he was doing there is a mystery.
Erickson, of course, saw him on the first
visit and Mrs. E. R. Burcher, F. A. Con
nor and Frank Deach saw him on the
second. The second visit was made about
3 o'clock. The old man went into Con
nor's Blue Front saloon about that time
and asked the way to the Burcher house,
which is in the neighborhood. He asked
one auestlon there: "Does Burcher still
run this place?" Upon being told that
Burcher hau quit the business he went
out, going '•! the direction of Burcher's
house. Connor and Deach were in the
place playing cards at the time and they
remember 1 ii'" man well.
Soon after leaving the saloon the man
met Mrs. Burcher and her daughter in
the front yard of their home. Of them he
asked the way to the road. Upon being
shown the way by Mrs. Burcher he
started oft toward the road, Mrs. Burcher
and Miss Burcher following a little dis
tance behind. At the end of the block
i..e man stopped, and allowing the women
to catch' up to him asked If ..e might have
a glass of water. Miss Burcher went
back and got him a glass of water and
then he went -— At no time did he ask
of them anything about Mr. Burcher, and
Burcher himself says he never heard of
or saw the man In his life.
• I don't remember from Juat what direction
he came, whether from the east or the went.
When I first looked at him I concluded that
he must be a collector for some San Francisco
firm But I noticed he didn't go as If he had to
Ket anywhere in a hurry or for any good rea
son. ¦ „ . ,
As soon as he saw me he changed his
course and came toward me. When he reached
the wagon he said, "Are you going to Point
Illchmond to-day?" I said. "No; we keep *
wagon over there all the time now and I don t
BO there any more."
After a pause for a moment or two he «ala,
"Well, can you change a five-dollar piece for
me*" I said, "Of course; I've always got a lot
of silver on hand." I pulled my purse out of
my hlD uocket. unrolled it and counted out
five silver dollars. In the meantime he had
taken his purs* out of his pocket and taken out
a five-dollar gold piece. As he did this I could
hear «ome money rattle. I didn't pay much
attention to what he had, but when I leaned
over to hand the silver to him I saw several
gold and silver piects In the purse. There was
considerable money In it.
Well, after he had fixed the thing up, I said.
"Do you want to take a ride up to the ave
nue?" He «aid. "No; I've got plenty of time.
I guess I'll walk."
The last thing I said to him was, "Will you
have a glass of beer?" He said, "No, thank
you, I don't care for any." Then I drove off.
That was the first time a man on the road ever
refused to take a drink from me. I meet lots
of men on the road and some of them are bold
enough to ask for a drink, but thla one did
not." I thought he must be a superior kind of
man.
GOLD PIECES IN PURSE.
' I was at Malcolm's when I first saw the
man. He was dressed in the same way as the
other people -described him. with an overcoat
on his arm and a cap on his head. I didn t
notice his other clothes particularly.
Erickson was making his usual rounds
"of the West Berkeley district with an En
terprise bottling wagon last Friday and
remembc j the stranger well. He met
him in two different /places within an
hour. The first time was at ¦ Malcolm's
grocery, near Corbln station on the South
ern Pacltlc Railroad: the second time at
Carman's, saloon on the. San Pablo road.
Erickson said;
The. man who saw the stranger with
money is George Erickson, a driver for
the Enterprise Brewery Company, who
lives at 417 San Pablo avenue, Oakland.
Krlckson is positive the old man had a
purse with considerable money in it, for
he changed a $3 gold piece at his request,
and during this transaction the open
purse revealed a number of gold and sil
ver pieces. This discovery shows that the
man was not poverty stricken and de-
Bpondent. as has been supposed all along,
and It disposes altogether of the suicide
theory.
That the man found dead near the Bren
nan barn on San Pablo avenue with two
bullet holes in his head and his skull frac
tured was murdered there is now not the
least doubt, for the searchers after clews
discovered a man to-day who had seen
him with a purse full of money on the day
of his death, and having money the man
must have been murdered for It, for he
had not a cent in his pockets when his
lifeless body was found.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, July 21.
Miles is 21 years old. in comfortable cir
cumstances and the couplers relations had
been of the happiest.
Miles was crazed by the accident. Ha
rushed Into the street like a madman and
then back into the house, being followed
by passers by. A close watch was put on
him to prevent him taking his own life.
COLVILLE. Wash., July 21.— James A.
Miles, a young man who recently married
a girl of IS, this morning shot his wife
through the heart and she died the next
moment with her arms clinging about his*
neck. The shooting appeara to have been
purely accidental.
Miles was about to start on a fishing
trip and had taken out his hammerlesa re
volver to carry with him. He says ha
was leaning over hl.s wife's chair, talking
to her, and must have pressed the trigger
unconsciously, for there was a sudden re
port and the next Instant she was clinging
to him. He did not know she was shot
until he saw the blood trickling from her
bosom. By the time he had carried her to
the bed*she was dead.
When the dog died Mrs. Vogel called
in a Park-street plumber who laid out
the deceased animal, measured it and
made a zinc coffin into which he placed
the body and hermetically sealed the cas-
Het. This Mrs. Vogel has constantly kept
by her and whenever she moves from one
house to another, as she has done in this
city, "Trixle's" ejicofflned remains are
gently handled.
ALAMEDA, July 21.— With a little me
tallic coffin Inclosing the embalmed re
mains of her pet dog "Trixie," Mrs. A. N.
Vogel has left here to Join her husband,
the director general of Alameda'3 last
spring carnival, who is now at Eureka,
Humboldt County, "Trlxle" ceased to
bark nearly a year, ago as a result of be
ing run over by her mistress* buggy. The
body of the dead canine has been treas
ured ever since by Mrs. Vogel, who is a
strong believer in the reincarnation of the
souls of animals. She often explained to
friend3 that she expected the spirit of
the departed dog to return to please her
as a sweet warbling canary instead of a
cheerful canine with a merry bow wow
and a glad tail. Although "Trixie" has
up to date failed to come back to earth
in any form, Mrs. Vogel asserts that she
believes the reincarnation of her late pet
will soon be consummated.
Believes Its Spirit Will Re
turn to Earth in Another
Form.
Saw Man Afterward Found
Dead Display Gold and
Carelessness in Handling a
Pistol Brings Sorrow to ,
a Happy Home.
Alameda Woman Cher
ishes Memory of De
parted Pet..
George Erickson Gives
Information Bearing
Terrible Accident Ends
Honeymoon of Young
Colville Couple.
SAYS STRANGER
SHOWED MONEY
SHOOTS WIFE
THROUGH HEART
CHRIS DEAD
DOG WITH HER
OAKLAND. July 21. — The following . mar
riage licenses were tnsued by the County Clerk
to-day: William Painter,' 34, and Carrie Cox,
30, both of Alarm da; Burton J." Rose. 24 and
Henrietta M. Heywood. 20, both of Berkeley;
John O. Losan, 20. and Annie J. Wilson, 21.
both of Alvarado; Albert T. Johncon. 32, and
Hilda Olson, 31, both of Sacramento; Charles
M. Peterson, 44, Marvsvllle. aim HIMa >M. An
derson.-30, Sacramento; William U. HIgglns. 27,
Uhio. and Nellie Patterson, -5. tiakcrsfield. .
Marriage Licenses.
ST.; LOUIS. July 21.— Right Rev. Muehl
slepen, vicar general of the Catholic
Archdiocese of St. \ Louis, died to-night,
aged 68*years, after suffering six months
from the effects of a stroke of paralysis
which was' followed by other complica
tions. He had been in a comatose state
for twenty- four hours. Monslgnor Muehl
siepen was born. in Mlntard, in the prov
ince of Rhine. Germany. He came to St
Louis in-1855, was ordained priest in 1S57
and upon the .death of .Vicar General
Brady in 1893 succeeded to that office. i n
1896 the titles of f'Papal Monslgnor" and
"Right Reverend" 'were' bestowed upon
him at the^ instigation of Archbishop
Kaln, *_ -
RIGHT REV. ! MUEHLSIEPEN
OF ST. LOTJIS IS DEAD
Two deeds disposing of the r«al_ prop
erty left by the late Major William B.
Hooper, who was proprietor of the Occi
dental Hotel, were filed with the City
and County Recorder yesterday by Gavin
McNab attorney for the heirs. One trans
fers the entire holdings of the deceased
to the Central Trust Company in trust
for the widow and three children, to be
held as such durins the life of Mrs.
Hooper, and the revenue to be appor
tioned, two-fifths to her and one-fifth to
each of the children— George Hooper,
Mary Hooper-Perry and Rose Jlooper.
The othtr deed provides that upon the
death of the widow the entire estate shall
be divided among the surviving children,
share and ohare alike. The real prop
erty consist* of the land and ten flats
on the corner of Tenth and Folsom
streets valued at more than $50,000; prop
erty on Natoma street, near Fourth: a
lot and improvements on Vallejo street,
near Buchanan: country land at Moun
tain View, and an orchard in Butte
County, all of which are valued In the
sum of S100.000. .
The will of Major Hooper, which was
executed shortly before his death and
which disposes of his personal property,
will probably not be filed for several
days. It is expected that it provides for
charitable bequests and leaves the bulk
to his Immediate family. The value of
his personal property is estimated as high
as $100,000. -
HOOPER PROPERTY TO
BE HELD IN TRUST
Szontagh was one of the most dis
tinguished chemists in • the United
States and had long had a national repu
tation'as a metallurgist. He was born
in Austria. fifty-one years ago and was
educated in Vienna and Germany. He
was widely known in Colorado, Salt
Lake and San Francisco. He was the
first manager of the i Portland smelter.
He had been out of employment for six
months, and 'financial troubles are
thought to have been the motive of sui
cide. ; ¦•:¦! C : - \ . . '
SPOKANE.. Wash.. July 21. Oscar
Szontagh, a prominent mining^ man, re
cently manager of the smelter at North
port, Wash., committed suicide by
shooting this morning In the room in
the Hotel Spokane.
Oscar Szontagh, With National Rep
utation as a Metallurgist,
Shoots Himself.
WIDELY KNOWN CHEMIST
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
Chan Chuns. proprietor of the Chinese
nttaurant on Jackson street, swore to a
complaint before Police Judge Conlan
yetterday charging Joseph King, former
pugilist, with, assault to commit murder.
Tbe charge of assault with a deadly
weapon against King was accordingly
dismissed. King was released on $2000
l<onds. King was a member of the Chi
nese Six Companies' squad but was dis
charged and he blamed Chan Chung for
Ms dismissal. On the night of July 12,
¦while Chan Chung was entertaining some
friends in his restaurant, It Is alleged
that King entered and beat him on the
head with a club.
Chan Chung Will Prosecute.
Mayor Schmitz will entertain the French
admiral and party, to-morrow. They will
make a tour of the city sightseeing, start
ing from the transport docks at 10 a. m.
The party returned through the park
and drove directly to the Palace Hotel,
where it arrived shortly before 4 o'clock.
The Embassador left for Pleasanton,
where he will be entertained by Mrs.
Hears t-'
Mayor Schmitz. as the city's represen
tative, paid a courtesy to the Italian Em
bassador yesterday by showing him the
sights of the city. The party consisted
of the Italian Embassador, Mayor des
Planches^ the*Italian Consul, Count Carlo
F. Serra: Mr. Patrlzi. editor of the Ital
ian newspaper; A. Sbarboro. Chevalier
Calegaris, A. Roncovieri and Mayor
Schmitz.
At 10 a. m. the gentlemen left the Pal
ace Hotel In carriages. After driving
about the business streets of the city
they proceeded out Van Ness avenue to
the Presidio, where they were courte
ously received and shown about the great
military reservation. The party then
spent an -hour driving through Golden
Gate Park, arrivinsr at the Cliff House
shortly before 2 o'clock. At the cliff a
very enjoyable luncheon was served, dur
ing which the Mayor made an address
on behalf of the citizens welcomine the
distinguished visitor. The Embassador re
sponded to the address with words of
thanks and praise of the sights shown
bim. : '.-:>' ¦'«
ITALIAN EMBA3SAD0R
ENTERTAINED BY MAYOR
Dr. St. Sure, the liner's surjreon, pare the
stowaway the full benefit of his skill, but when
Blnnegan climbed down the Alarm-da's ladder
yesterday on Ma way to Angel Island, to the
quarantine section of which he is consigned
for his sins, it was a ead barber, pale, un
ehaved and shame- faced, and in his head were
still throbbing the echoes of that "good time."
Before full explanations could be made the
effects of the Honolulu "good time" manifested
themselves In the Ehape of delirium tremens
In violent form.
"Don't wanner eo t* Alameda. Take me
back to ferry- Don't like Alameda. Don't like
Oakland."
"Wherethelami?" was the next sign of
awakening intelligence.
"On board the Alameda. I'm the purser.
How did you get here? Who are you? Where's
your ticket?"
"Smarrfr," he remarked to Purser Smith
when that officer tried to arouse the unknown
and unaccounted for passenger.
Oustave Binnegan. barber, arrived yester
day from Honolulu on the liner Alameda. Hl«
name does not appear on tbe passenger list.
As a matter of fact, until the A'.ameda was
well at sea neither the ship's officers nor
Blnnegan himself knew that he was on board.
Ulnnegan has lived In Honolulu long enough
to learn the effect of every variety of strong
water, but a few days b'fore the Alameda
railed. In the effort to have an extra good
time, he overreached his powers of assimila
tion and was far beyond the jag* stage when
h? wandered aboard the liner, found a secluded
corner and settled there.
The Involuntary Stowaway.
Washington— Augustus W. Ottlngnon,
Seattle, depurator; Michael E. Reilly, Ta
coma, window shade; Ira B. Richards
and G. H. Gllman, Tacoma. car unload
ing plow: Henry H. Warner "and C. II.
Guman, Tacoma, wrecking supply car.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 21.— Army
orders announce that Captain Robert E.
L. Mlchle, Twelfth Cavalry, "will &° to
Fort Clark, Tex., to superintend shipment
of public property to San Francisco,
thence to take the transport sailing Aug
ust 1 for Manila. Captain Davis Price is
transferred from the Thirty-eighth com
pany of Coast Artillery to the unassigned
list and to San Francisco not later than
September 1, to report to the adjutant
general by telegraph for further orders.
Rural free delivery to be established
September 1 as follows: California— Long
Beach, Lordsburg and Rivera, Los An
geles County, each one route: Newark,
Alameda County, one route; Rlalto, San
Bernardino County, one route. Rural let
ter carriers to be appointed to begin Sep
tember 1st: California— Hanford: Z. C.
Whiteley, August Tomer, Owen H.
Wynee; substitutes: James E. Whiteley,
Frank Smith. George Royce. Oregon—
Hillsboro, William Richter; substitute, J.
Binkley.
Ernest A. Hartman has been commis
sioned postmaster at Waplnitia, Oregon.
The postofflce at Whiteaker. Marlon
County. Oregon, will be superseded by
rural free delivery September 1st.
W. E. Slade of Auburn, Cal., has been
admitted to practice before the Interior
Department. The Comptroller has ap
proved an application to organize the
Petaluma (Cal.) National Bank with a
capital of $100,000 by Charles Martin,
Henry Schluckebler, Henry Brunner,
Oliver Ambrose Hale, Adolph John Bloom
and Dennis John Healy. The First Na
tional Bank of Portland, Wash., has been
made reserve agent for the First National
Bank of Clarkson.'
These patents were granted: Califor
nia—Edward L. G. Ayers and W. F. Cof
fee, Modesto, metal sign; Henry Bluen
berg Jr.. Daggett, sulphur burner; Frank
Bosch, Crescent City, vehicle spring;
Louis Brand, Los Angeles, non-reflllable
bottle; Horace G. Dunston, Santa Monica,
wrench; Lester R. Leland, San Francisco,
napkin holder; Augustus Lotz, San Fran
cisco, can body blankfeed mechanism;
James D. McFarland Jr., San Francisco,
gas engine; Mary Schubbert, Los An
geles, flat iron stand; Fred Stebler, Riv
erside, fruit or vegetable brusher; George
X. Wendllng, San Francisco, clamp for
drying lumber. -
Oregon— John W. Gay, Sodaville, rail
way rail Joint: Adam Loeb, Portland,
piano truck; Larranius Winans, Hood
River, water gauge.
Anny Orders, Improvements in the
Postal Service and Patents
Granted.
fornla, has Just been appointed
principal of the Insular Normal School
there. This is the second position In point
of Importance .in the educational work
now being carried on In the Philippines,
the firBt being that of general superin
tendent of instruction, and is looked upon
as a great feather In the cap of the uni
versity.
Mr. Beattle was called to the islands
In the summer of 1S00 and assigned to
the position of superintendent of the Di
vision of Negros. Division superintend
ents in the Philippines are something
more than mere educational officers. Of
the teachers It has been said they are
really the peacemakers of the Islands,
rather than the soldiers. Their tact and
wisdom in meeting the problems which
confronted them had more to do with
smoothing the path of the Philippine
Commission than all the army regulations
put together.
The province presided over by Mr. Beat
tie was one of the foremost in educa
tional movements. After the elementary
schools were well established it was found
expedient to start secondary schools and
the first experiment was tried at Baco-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
BERKELEY, July 21.— The inter
esting news comes from Manila
that George W. Beattle. a grad
uate of the University of Call-
Wells was born In Louisiana 65 years
ago of rich parents. He early began the
study, of sculpture, under the tutorship
of the best instructors of the time. He
achieved fame abroad, and several years
ago took up his residence in this city.
The deceased was a sculptor of great
talent and his work attracted attention
wherever It wns exhibited. He lived in
lavish style until his funds began to grow
low. A short time ago he was forced to
apply for admission to the City and
County Hospital, as he was unable to pro
vide for himself longer.
Wells was one of the charter members
of the Bohemian Club. He leaves a wife
and two young sons to mourn his loss.
Francis Marion Wells, the noted sculp
tor, writer and former clubman, died at
the City and County Hospital shortly aft
er 2 o'clock this morning. Wells had been
confined in the hospital for several weeks,
suffering from general breakdown of the
system, and his death was not altogether
unexpected by his family and his few re
maining friends.
lod > where the Rlzal Institute,/ presided
ove'r by another University of California
man, Ray Howell, 1900, is doing excellent
work. It has been a great factor in the
education of the young people of the
higher classes.
The Normal School at Manila, of which
Mr. Beattle will now have charge, is de
signed to preoare native teachers for
work in the schools. Mr. Seattle has
great faith in the future of the Filipino
teachers and he believes the province of
the American teacher is to prepare them.
He finds they are very ambitious and
anxious to please. In dealing with them,
however, he has found them somewhat
timid, especially the women, and his ex
periences have heen varied. At. one time
a teachers' convention was called, but
the women feared to travel far without
escorts. This difficulty was overcome only
when he hired a steamer and went about
the coast collecting the teachers, who
were satisfied when they found his wife
on board ready to chaperone them. *
Mr. Beattle graduated from the univer
sity in 1899 and received his master's de
gree In 1901. Before entering the univer
sity he had been County Superintendent
of Schools of San Bernardino. He was
secretary of the State Educational Com
mission in IS39, and was instrumental in
securing the constitutional amendment
which provides State aid for high schools.
MABI0N WELLS DIES
AT COUNTY HOSPITAL
Sculptor Who Designed Many Not
able Works of Art Goes to
Final Rest.
GRADUATE OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA WHO HAS BEEN
APPOINTED HEAD OF THE NORMAL SCHOOL SYSTEM OF THE
PHILIPPINE ISLANDS.
Thursday will be devoted to sight
seeing, the principal feature being the
trolley ride over the city electric lines,
starting at 9;30 a. m. from the foot of
Post street. This Includes a luncheon at
the CHS Hou*e.
Meetings will be held to-day at 10 a.
m. and 2 p. m.. and in the evening at 7
o'clock the annual banquet will be
served at a downtown restaurant.
The programme yesterday consisted
of the presidents address, by M. C. Os
born. and Secretary . J. B. Grlmwood's
report, a practical talk on the protec
tion of metal surfaces In gas plants by
L* P. Lowe, and a lecture on liquid elr.
accompanied by experiments, by Profes
sor G. A. Bobrlck.
F. H. Eichbaum. who has been con
nected for a great many years with gas
companies here, was elected an honorary
member.
I>A6t year the membership was 120. and
this year It has been increased to 164.
The eleventh annual meeting of the
Pacific Gas Association commenced the
first of its sessions in the lecture-hall of
the Pacific Gas Improvement Company
at 10 o'clock yesterday morning. About
sixty members were In attendance.
The main feature of the meeting was
the ratification of the proposition to ad
mit the corporations as associate mem
bers of the organization.
The following corporations joined the
society: United Gas and Electric Com
pany of San Jose; Suburban Electric
Light Company of San Leandro; Walla
Walla Gas and Electric Company of
Walla Walla. Wash.: Stockton Gas and
Electric Company: Chlco Gas and Elec
tric Company: Colusa Gas and Electric
Company: Grass Valley Gas and Elec
tric Company; Nevada City Gas and
Electric Company: Petaluma Gas and
Electric Company: San Rafael Gas and
Electric Company; Woodland Gas and
Electric Company; San Luis Gas Com
pany and San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company.
It is hoped that all the gas companies
<>f the coast will join the association, eo
that a permanent office can be estab-
Ijshed.
GAS ASSOCIATION HOLDS
ITS ANNUAL MEETING
Thj. China Commercial Company"*! steamship
Lothian arrived yesterday from the Orient by
«ay of Manzanltlo and Guftyrr.as. Her com
mander. Captain Williamson, is well known
here, having been last In this port as captain
or the army transport Lennox when that ves
sel was towed In disabled through the Golden
Oate by the fteam schooner Iaqua. The Ix>
tnian. like the Chlnr Wo carried a large num
ber of Chinese to Manzanillo. I.Ike the Chlng
vl o. she was detained In quarantine, and as
In the Chlnir Wo's case, the Ixithian's passen
rers resented the detention. Unlike the Chin*
Wo"* eklpi>er. however. Captain Williamson did
not take refuge on the vessel'* bridge, did not
arm hi* Bailor* and waiter?, neither did he
mount the steam hose nor call on the Mexican
military authorities for »R5lstance. With a
few well directed Anglo-Saxon expletives he
tav* the Chinese to understand that he was
captain of the ehlp and that he wished and
would have jx-ace on board. And lie got It.
Captain Williamson thinks, however, that the
strict Quarantine enforced against the ships of
his line Is the work of the company's com
petitors. The Mexican authorities have been
etlrrcd up. he says, against the immigration
they once favored and some direct Influence
is at work to make matters as unpleasant as
possible for the Pacific Mall Company's com
petitor. The Lothian had .'»9S Chines'*, of
whom 273 were landed at Manzaniilo. They
had a clean bill of health and no sickness dur
ing a voyage of thirty days. There was one
death which the quarantine officials who saw
the body dlacnosrd as heart failure. For all
this, however, the Lothian was held in quar
antine thirteen days. Every passenger was
inoculated with plague serum and th£ vessel
was fumigated five times. And during the
period of detention the quarantine official!) en
tertained their. shore friends lavishly as the
vessel's commissary would afford in the Lo
thian's cabin.
Steamship Lothian Arrives.
It is alleged that the murder of sheep
man Ben Minnick was the work of hired
assassins and this has greatly enraged
Mlnnick's friends and sheepmen gener
ally.
The cattlemen, being the first to settlo
In this section, feel that they have more
right to the public range than the sheep
men, who are new comers, and prepara
tions have been quietly going on for some
time looking to the making of a determ
ined stand against , the advance of the
sheepmen.
BAKER CITY. Ore.. July 21.— A war Is
brewing between cattlemen and sheep
men In Grant. Malheur and Ilarney
Counties. The cattlemen have posted
notices threatening to kill sheepmen un
lcss the latter keep their flocks out of
certain districts. Several encounters have
taken place already In remote districts,
but no one has been killed.
MEETEfTSE. Wyo.. July 21. — War
clouds are gathering in the Big Horn
County and it does not seem possible
that a bloody conflict can be avoided.
The creation of foresi reserves has cut
down the acreage of the big pastures un
til now a stockman, whether sheep owner
or cattle raiser, must fight hard for suffi
cient range to keep his flocks and herds
alive.
The Circuit Court of New Jersey, tie
has declared that corporation Insol
vent and appointed a receiver. Under the
common law this court could do nothing
more than confirm the decree of the New
Jersey Judge, but these are equity pro
ceedings, and he was willing to give the
parties full latitude In the presentation
of their case. Judge Putnam In adjourn
ir.g court remarked:
"It Is not one learned In law. but a good
business man that you need to help you
out of this difficulty."
Judge Putnam remarked In the course
r.f the hearing that the Bath Iron Works
and the Hyde Windlass Company, two
main corporations whose future Is said
to be at stake In this case, went Into the
combination with their eyes open and noid
out to the United States Shipbuilding
Company their titles to all their property.
PORTLAND. Me.. July 21.— Judge Put
nam of the Circuit Court Intimated to
day on a petition for an ancillary re
ceiver for the United States Shipbuilding
Company that he might have to confirm
the decree of Judge Klrkpatrick of New
Jersey, who declared the corporation In
solvent and appointed Former Senator
James Smith Jr. of that Sta-te receiver.
The hearing to-day proceeded Inform
ally, no answer to the petition having
been filed. There were present twelve
attorney?, representing Interested par
ties, who are opposed to receivership pro
ceedings.
ej<eclal r>1rpatch to The Call
Trouble Brews in Big Horn
Region and Battle
Is Feared.
Judge .Will Probably Con
firm New Jersey Tribunal's
Oregon Sheep - Owners
Warned to Avoid
Pasture Lands.
Shipbuilding Company's
Affairs in a Maine
Court.
TRUST FINDS
MORE TROUBLE
CATTLEMEN POST
THREATS TO KILL
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1903,
George W. Beattie, Graduate of University of Cali
fornia, Class' of '99, Appointed to the Second
Highest Educational Position in the Philippines
CHOSEN TO SUPERINTEND
INSULAR NORMAL SCHOOL
SANTA CRUZ. July 21.— Ground was broken
to-day for a parochial residence to be built by
the Rev. P. J. Fisher of the Catholic church.
The rectory will cost $7000. •
Resources— Bank premiss. $955.846 12: real
estate taken lor debt. Jl.ttM.003 80; miscellane
ousi stocks Tand bonds. $13,928,041 44: loans on
real estate, $38.0*7.1)58 05; loan« on stocks,
bond* and warrants. $2,792,670 68; loans on
Sonat security and overdrnfts $1,336,151 64;
loans on other securities. $391,027 07; due from
banks and bankers. $6,233,124 34; money on
hand $1 M3.396 41: other assets. $364,435 55;
total 'resources. $67,391,647 99. t.
Liabllitle- — Capital paid In coin. $4,160,055;
reserve fund and profit and loss. $2,267,806 07:
due depositors, $00,673,933 67; due banks and
bankers. $30,976 02; State, county or city
money, $282 80: other liabilities. $250,393 53;
total liabilities. $87,391,647 99.
The Board of Bank Commissioners re
ports that the fifty-seven interior sav
ings banks of the State are more pros
perous than ever before. Since the close
of last year, these institutions have made
an aggregate . gain. of 56.920,001 62 in de
posits and J7.168.5lS T9 in assets/
The statement of their combined re
aources and liabilities at the end of June
is as follows:
Interior Savings Banks of California
Are All Enjoying Unprece
dented Prosperity.
ASSETS AND DEPOSITS £%;
ABE MUCH INCREASED
9
.__¦_-__ . . -i-i i-- ¦ . - 1- 1 — - 1- — i ¦ ¦- - *
Mrs. Anderson, a prominent
society woman of Jacksonville,
Fla., daughter of . Recorder of
Deeds, West, says : &jgmw&
* " There are but few wires \ and
mothers who have not at times en-
dured agonies and such pain as only
women know of. I wish such women
knew the value of I/jrdia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. It
is a remarkable medicine, different in
action from any other I ever knew and
thoroughly reliable.
. "I have seen cases where women
doctored for years without permanent
benefit who were cured in less than
three months after taking your Vege-
table Compound, while others who
were chronic and incurable came out
cured, happy, and in perfect health
after a thorough treatment with this
medicine. I have never used it myself
without gaining great benefit. A
few doses restores my strength and
appetite, and tones up the entire
system. Your medicine has been tried
and found true, hence I fully endorse
it."— Mrs. E. A. Axdebsox, 225 Wash-
ington St., Jacksonville, Fla. — $sooo
forftlt If original of aboo€ testimonial proving gtru-
Intntsa cannot tm produced.
The** experience and testimony
of some of the most noted women
of America go to prove, beyond
a question, that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound will
correct all such trouble at once
by removing the cause,, and re-
storing the organs to a healthy
and normal condition- , '
POSTUM CEREAL.
Back to the Country.
A young woman of Bradford. Vc. made
her way to a good position In a big Bos-
ton etore and gave It up because of sick-
ness at home, but it all came out right
at last and 6he tells the story this way:
"Two years ago I had to leave a position
as bookkeeper in a Boston department
6tore to go back home to take charge
of the old place, as mother's health seem-
ed chattered, and what do you suppose
proved to be the cause that forced me to
return?
"I found her very weak, unable to sit
up all day and with a dizzy feeling jf
she tried to move about. She had been
advised to stop coffee drinking, but as
she had used It from childhood It seemed
as though nothing could take its place.
I had settled down to etay at the farm
when one day I got to thinking over the
situation and concluded to try an experi-
ment. I got a package of Postum Coffee.
It W2S not cooked right the next morning-
and we were all disappointed. That was
because we had tried to make it like cof-
fee. Next morning I had Postum made
according to directions and we were all
delighted. In a few days you should
have seen the change in mother. Since
that time we have never drank coffee and
now we all drink Postum twice a day
and Bometlmes three times and think It
superior to coffee.
••The change in mother's health since
ehe quit coffee and took up Postum has
been wonderful. She Is once more able
to take the work again, quite well In fact,
with no more weakness and nervousness,
no more *our stomach, no more trouble
of any kind. To cut a long story short she
is now entirely welt and I am going back
to Boston in a few weeks, thanks to
Poetum." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek. Mich.
Ice cold Portum with a dash of lemon
is a delightful "cooler" for warm days.
Send for particulars by mail of exten-
Fion of time on the (7,500,00 cooks' con-
test tor 7Z5 money prizes.WASHINGTON. July 21.— The petition of
the commissioners of the District of Columbia
for Judgment In the suit Instituted to recover
$10,183 from James M. A. Watson Jr.. a former
clerk, was granted by the District Supreme
Court to-day. Watson Is now In Jail on the
charge cf embezzlement of $73,000 from the
District. v ' .
The Santa Fe has on sale a special cou
pon ticket, which included rail and stage
fare, hotel bills en route and accommo
dations in the valley at Camp Curry for
a complete trip of five, seven or ten days,
as follows: Five-day trip. $37.50; seven
days, $41.50; ten days. $45. 50. Make your
reservations during July. Eull Informa
tion at 641 Market St.. Santa Fe office. •
Take Advantage of the Santa Fe's
Low Rate.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
SERVICE MEN PROMISE
A FINE ENTERTAINMENT
Camp General Fremont's Programme
Contains Many Interesting
Numbers.
Camp General Fremont, Service Men of
the Spanish War, will give an entertain
ment and dance at Golden Gate Hail to
morrow night that promises to be a most
successful event. Arrangements for the
event were completed yesterday and the
committee to whom the work was in
trusted reports that everything is in read
iness for a jolly as well as instructive
evening.
The entertainment will consist princi
pally of stereopticon views by Rough
Rider King, who has a fine collection of
more than 200 views, taken by active par
ticipants in the campaign in Cuba. Skill
ed vocalists and instrumentalists will fol
low Kingr. and at 10 p. m. the floor will
be cleared for dancing, which will con
tinue until midnight.
citizens swelled the solemn- line that
moved out to the Masons' and Odd Fel-
Iowd' cemetery. Among the mourners was
Railroad Commisioner O. S. Henderson
of Stockton, who is a neDhew of the
deceased.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VALLEJO, July 21.— Flags were at
half mast to-day over the City
Hall, over the halls of the Masons,
Odd Fellows and Red Men' and
over the firemen's quarters out .of
respect to the late O. L. Henderson, who
was buried this afternoon.
For thirty-five years a prominent busi
ness man of this city,' a Grand Army
veteran, twice Sheriff of this county, at
one time a City Trustee, at another chief
of the fire department, prominent in fra
ternal circles, always popular— it is but
natural that there was a large . con
course of mourners at the obsequies of
Henderson.
• The funeral was conducted under the
auspices of the Masons. The procession
was headed by the Independence Band,
followed by Naval Commandery, No. 19,
K. T.. and Vallejo Canton, No. 16, P. M.,
in full uniform. The Red Men, Odd
Fellows and firemen were represented
among those who marched, while county
and city officials. Grand Army men and
POBTLAND THE WINNER.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 21. — To-day"* game
was uneventful up to the fourth Inning, when
Van Buren's error rave Sacramento two
scores. In Portland'* half of the fourth Sac
ramento went to pieces all round, the combi
nation of hits and errors netting Portland
three runs. In the fifth Fitzgerald was hit
hard and with the assistance of a couple of
«rrors Portland got elx more runs. Thlelman
pitched a steady game, letting up in the ninth,
allowing Sacramento to score twice. Score:
R. H. E.
Portland 0 0 0 3 6 1 0 1 •— 11 10 ?
Sacramento 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 2—4 8 5
Batteries— Thlelman and Hess; Fitzgerald
and Graham — Umpire— Levy.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 21. — Oakland played
better ball both at bat and in the field and
won easily. Score: r r -
Seattle 1 * 0 0 0 0 O 0 2 — 3 6 8
Oakland 0 00113010— « 10 U
Ratteries— Carrlck and Boettlcer; Lee and
Gorton.
PERSONAL MENTION.
PHILADELPHIA WINS
TWICE PBOM ST. LOUIS
Superb Pitching and a Great Batting
Streak Make an Irresistible
Combination.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, July 21. — Philadelphia
won two games to-day, the first through Ben
d*r's mperb pitching, the second by a prcat
hatting streak in the seventh and eighth in
rings. Umpire Hansell was unable to officiate
0*1 ng to an injury to one of his ears. Attend
ance. 11,000. The scores:
First game— ~Tt. h. E.
Ft. Louis 0 3 2
Philadelphia 1 g 0
Batteries — Sadhoff and Kahoe; Bender and
Fchreck.
Second pame — - R. H. E.
ft. Louis 3 8 3
Philadelphia 11 15 1
Batteries— Powell and Sugden; Henley and
Echreck.
NEW YORK. July 21. — Howell wa* in ex
cellent form and held the vi«iton« to two hits,
rue of which was a home run by Hickman.
¦W right had good control for four innlntrs but
nftrr that the local* hit him frequently. " At
tendance, 1450. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 9 10 1
Cleveland 3 2 2
Batteries— Howell and Beville; Wright and
Abbott.
WASHINGTON. July 21.— The tailender*
ma/ie it four straight to-day. The visitors had
three pitcher* in the box and Orth. of the lo
cals, was replaced by Patton at 'the end of
the filth. Patton did not allow the visitors a
h!t during the remainder of the game. Attend
ance. l"i<0. Score:
¦Washington lft" 12 2
Chicaro 7 10 3
Batteries — Patton. Orth and Kittredge; Alt
rock. Flaherty. White and Slattery.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW TORK. July 21.— The New York and
Brooklyn teams cc-lebrated their return from
th»>_ Woi«t with a very fast and enappy game.
Oafvfn rlteh<<d Fflendldly. The Brooklyn* hit
Matthews in timely fafhlon. Attendance. 5500.
Pcore :
T> ,,, ¦ "• E
Brooklyn 4 8 0
New York 1 5 %
P-atterif* — Garvin and Rltter; Matthewson
and Bowerman. Umpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS. July 21.— St. Loui* outpointed
Cincinnati tt *vory angle of the came. The
locale battod Ewin* for nine rafe hit*. In
th* ninth lnr.inc <Tindnnatl tied the same
only to lore it arain on Burke'* single and
Hackett's triple. Attendance. 2400. Score:
R. H. E.
fit. Loui* 5 11 0
Cincinnati 4 9"^ 5
Baturi*-*— Dunleavy. Ryan and O'Neill; Ew
lrjr and Br-rgen. Umpire.— Moran.
CHICAGO. July 21.— Kllng's butting and
ciev«-r catching was the chipf feature to-<iay.
Mcnrfee pitched a er< at came and but for
Uadlry'e muff of Ke-nnedy'* fly would have
•cored a Fhutout. Attendance. 2C00. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago » 9 2
Pittsburj? 1 C 2
Battf-rir*— JArxiet+e and Klin*; Kennedy and
W>avor. Umpire — O'Day.
Squadron Arrives at Lisbon.
WASHINGTON. July 2L— Secretary
Moody received a cable message to-day
from Rear Admiral Cotton, commanding
the European station, saying that the
pquadron. consteting of the Chicago. San
Francisco and Machias. arrived at Lisbon
to-day from Portsmouth, England. In a
cablegram from PorUsmouth, dated to
day. Rear Admiral Cotton eays there were
no desertions from the squadron during
Its visit there. There were only two
desertions when the squadron visited
Kiel.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
J. A. Scott, a merchant of Spokane, is
at the Grand.
O. G.-Eeeton, a merchant of El Paso, Is
at the Occidental.
Earl N. Daggett. a fruit grower of
Visalia. Is at the Lick.
G. W. Tolle, a wealthy land-owner of
Tolle's station, is at the Grand.
H. H. Yerrington. the well-known
mining man of Nevada, is at the Palace.
A. W. Slmpjon, a wealthy lumber mer
chant of Stockton, is stopping at the Oc
cidental. :> ' "
Dr. L. F. Alvarez of Honolulu arrived
on the steamer Alameda yesterday and
registered at the Occidental.
W. Douglas of Btsbee.. Ariz., managing
director of the El Paso and Southwest
ern Railway, is at the Palace.
J. M. Israel, assistant cashier of the
Union Trust Company, has departed for
the Blue Lakes, where he will spend his
vacation.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
western system of the Santa Fe road,
arrived from the south yesterday and is
at the Grand.
John J. Byrne, general passenger agent
of the Santa Fc road in Los Angeles, ar
rived from the south yesterday and is at
the Palace.
Judge Mahon^ F. G. Munzer and A. L.
Hall of BakerBfleld, who have been on a
fishing expedition along the McCloud
River, are registered at the Lick, en route
to their home.
K. J. Imanishi. an official of the Yoko
hama Specie Bank, has arrived from the
Orient and is registered at the Occidental.
A. S. Auburn, a mining man of Auburn,
is at the Occidental.
Mrs. William P. Cody, wife of the
famous American ccout,. familiarly
known to the entire world as • "Buffalo
Bill," and her grandson. William Cody
Bool, arrived from the East yesterday
and are registered at the Occidental.
They~are here to meet Mrs. Cody's son
in-law. Lieutenant Clarence A. Stott,
who is expected here from the East to
day on his way to the Philippines.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK. July 21.— The following
Calif ornlans have arrived at the hotels:
San Francisco— R. Brownlee at the Hol
land; T. J. Crowley an0 wife, Captain E.
D. Parsons at the Gllsey; J. Coleman at
the Imperial; L. Eschen, J. Israel, H. G.
Dinkelsplel, Dr. T. E. Moore, A. McD.
Riddle at the Herald Square; J. R. Hod
son. Miss I. Dearns, I. L: Gilbert at the
Cadillac; Miss E. Keltner at the Park
avenue; W. B. Brown at the Netherland;
Mrs. W. Chalmers, R. Dalzell, A. H. Ing
raham and wife. Miss S. B.' Smith at the
Grand Union; S. C. Houghton at the As
tor; T. C. Laughlin at the St. Denis; M.
B. Puck at the Manhattan.
Los Angeles— G. A. Fitch and wife, W.
H. Harrison. G. S. Porter, H. G. Krohn
at the Herald' Square; A- L. Brode, F. A.
Hlnes at the Imperial; Mrs. A. B. Stogal
at the Astor; S. MacNeil, Mrs. H...L.
MacNeil, Miss M. MacNeil, J.- Slauson at
the Murray Hill.
Sacramento— A. M. Smith at the Grand
Union. %
San Jo£c-1. E. Lcvi at the Earlingtoa.
Fire Wipes Out Hamlet.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 21 —A
$100,000 flre early this morning wiped
out the milling hamlet at Harrison
River, British Columbia, destroying the
fine mill of the Harrison River Timber
and Trading Company, the residence of
Manager Trethelry. six cars of lumber
the Canadian Pacific Railroad station
and piles of lumber in the yards.
Japan Is getting the, bicycle craze- It
Imported $2,700,000 wx>rth of wheels last
year mostly of the cheaper grades,. cost
ing from $12 to $25. They are chiefly used
for business purposes,- also in tho army
Impressive Funeral Cere
mony for Late O. L.
Henderson.
R. II. E.
Salt Lake 0 112 13 12 4—15 16 6
San Trancisco ...0 0000043 0 — • 11 10
Batteries — Hindbaum and Anderson; Stovall
and Zeaxfoss. Umpire — Coshlan.
T» TT t*
Seattle 00101402 •— 8 12 3
Tacoma 10 0 12 0 0 0 0—4 7 C
Batteries— Maupln and Stanley; St. Vraln
and Byers. Umpire — Mahaffey.
SALT LAKE. Utah. July 21.— Salt Lake
walked away with to-day's game. Stovall be
ing found safely in every inning but the first.
Errors were numerous on bcth sides, but as a
rule were not costly. Attendance. 800. Score:
K. H. E.
Lob Angeles.O 03000010000—4 12 2
Helena 4 0 0 0OOOO0O00—4 8 1
Batteries — Puttmann and Carrisch; Thatcher
and Hlldebrand.
SEATTLE, Wash.. July 21. — For five innings
the locals could not touch St. Vraln. After
that they pounded out enough runs to win.
Mapin pitched steady bell. Score:
HELENA. Mont.. July 21. — Los Angeles and
Helena played a twelve-Inning He to-day, the
arame beint called at the end of the twelfth
inning on account of darkness. The game was
a snappy one from t>tart to finish, each pitcher
being well supported. Score:
DABKNESS STOPS GAME.
PROMINENT CITIZEN OF VAL
LEJO WHOSE FUNERAL WAS
HELD YESTERDAY.
At 9 o'clock to-night all three cup de
fenders were towed into the harbor by
their tenders and safely anchored. Noth
ing, however, was seen of any of the
other vachts and it is likely that the
race will be called off. It is hoDed to
ttart the fleet back to Newport to-mor
row.
Meantime, the Columbia, followed by
the Vigilant, picked up a southerly. breeze
and slipped out ahead. The Columbia
rounded Vineyard Sound lightship, seven
teen miles from the start, at 6:01, the
Vigilant at 5:05. The Reliance managed to
Eet out of the calm, at the entrance of
Buzzards Bay and was timed around the
lightship at 6:23. At that time the Con-
Ftitution was lying absolutely motionless
two miles astern. At 5:30 a fog came up
end ehut out the yachts from eight. The
wind, which had hauled to the northeast,
died out and j>t 8 o'clock to-night the
regatta committee gave up hopes of see
ing the yachts and made preparations to
return to the harbor.
The yacht* left Newport harbor about
ID o'clock this morning in a northwesterly
breese. Within fifteen minutes after the
KtBTt the wind died away almost com
pletely, leering the boats almost motion
less. The Reliance and Constitution
managed to work down nearly to Buz
zards Bay, where they were becalmed for
an hour.
VINEXARD HAVEN, Mace., July 2L—
The New York Yacht Club attempted to
carry out It* programme by a thirty
eeven-znlle run from Newport to this port
to-day, but up to S o'clock not a single
yacht had shown up at the finish. The
Columbia wa« last seen about 6:30 p. m.
leading the fleet at which time she was
off Cuttlhunk. Soon after a thick fog
•hut in and the wind dropped, leaving the
yaxhts at th» entrance of Vineyard Sound.
J. E. Vauchan of Los Angeles won the
championship cup in the bluerock shoot
ing tournament, making 25 out of 25 birds
in the final. Arnold of Oxnard was sec
ond and Greenfield of Hueneme third.
Santa Barbara— B. C. Boe"£ke, R. Fer
nand, J. L. Colby and E. J. Boezke.
Charles Maud of Riverside acted as.um
pire.
Misses Florence and Violet Sutton won
the final In the ping pong tournament,
defeating Miss Teague and Howard Trus
low, 3-6. 6-4, 6-3. This ends the doubles,
but a special match will be played be
tween the winning Sutton sisters and the
challengers. Miss May Sutton and Rob
ert Roos.
SANTA BARBARA, July 21.— Never be
fore in the history of polo events in this
city has there been a larger or more
representative gathering of society than
that which attended the game here to
day between the Burlincame and Santa
Barbara teams in a contest for the mid
summer tournament cup. The field was
in excellent condition and the players at
the best. The Santa Barbara team won
by a score of 5 to 2, although the result
of* the game was in doubt until the last
period. The game was characterized by
several long and spectacular runs, and
honors were divided until the 'end. The
line-up of the teams was as follows:
Burlingame— C. W. Clark, F. J. Caro
lan.. TJ A. Driscoll and F. D. Hudson,
The latter Is from Kiverslde, and was
called in to fill the team for the first con
test . ,- <:
The close ties of relationship that bind
the Bates and Cutter families naturally
intensifies their mutual grief and anxiety
over the -unfortunate affair. In speaking
of the accident last evening Mr. Bates
said that his own grief over the condi
tion of his only boy was almost inconso
lable. He, however, readily appreciated
that the shooting was purely an accident
and he keenly felt for the Cutters in their
sorrowfdr realization that their" own son
had been the unfortunate cause of the
mishap. .
Hovering between life and death, with
a; frightful gunshot wound in his abdo
men, the result of the playful handling
of a dangerous weapon, Dudley C. Bates,
the seven-year-old and only son of Frank
D. Bates, the well known » Front-street
merchant, lies on a cot in the Lane Hos
pital.
Mr. and Mrs. Bates and their eon up
to Friday last were. enjoying an outing
in Mill Valley and residing at the Blythe
dale Hotel. E. B. Cutter of the firm of
Cutter & Mosely cf this city is also liv
ing in the valley, where his young son.
about the aze of Dudley Bates, found
an enjoyable companionship in the last
named boy, who happens to be his cousin.
Friday afternoon the little fellows were
playing happily together, when a third
boy, named Murphy, appeared on the
scene with a gun. • The weapon event
ually fell into the hands of young Charles
Cutter, who. while playing with it, acci
dentally pulled the trigger. There was a
loud repopt and before Cutter had re
covered from his fright resulting from
the explosion of the gun his cousin was
lying upon the ground, writhing in the
agony of a terrible wound in the abdo
men.
Assistance was immediately summoned
and a hurried examination eff young
Bates showed that he was badly wounded
and with all possible haste % the unfortu
nate little fellow was brought over to
this side of the bay and conveyed to the
Lane Hospital. Later In the day an ope
ration was performed by Drs. Rixford
and Stillman, It havinc been developed
that the- boy's intestines had been per
forated Jn four places. Although still in
a critical condition, the surgeons hold
out hope for the recovery of their youth
ful patient, he having showed some signs
of improvement during the last twenty
four hours.
According to George Von Of en the af
fections of Josephine Von Ofen, his wife,
are mercurial. In a complaint for divorce
filed by him yesterday he alleges that
she regulates them by his salary. He says
that when he earns $150 a month she has
the deepest regard for him, • but that
when he comes home on the first of the
month with only $65 or $70 she has no' use
for him and tells him 80. Because of the
misery this fluctuation in his wife's af
fections causes him he wants a divorce.
He also asks the court to restore to him
a $5000 residence on Lyon street which
he says he deeded to her in March,- 1892.
and which she subsequently had declared
a homestead. .The Von Ofens were mar
ried April 3, 1878. •
Isadore Less, who sought the office of
City Treasurer on the Labor ticket at the
last election, was sued for divorce by
Annie E. Less. She charges him with
cruelty and says that for many months
past he has been in the habit of threat,
ening to take her life and has on several
occasions cruelly beaten her. They were
married May 23, 1891, and have four child
ren. Mrs. Less asks for a divorce and
for $20 a month alimony.
Suit3 for divorce were also filed by An
nie Connolly against James Connolly for
neglect; Clinton E. Hobbs against Alice
Hobbs for desertion and James Bronnell
against Sarah Bronnell for desertion.
Chester F. Wright, the corset manufac
turer, who is being sued for divorce by
Tahoe D. Wright, filed an answer to her
complaint* yesterday. He denies that he
has treated her In a cruel and Inhuman
manner or has ever beaten her as she
charges in her complaint.
Judge Murasky granted Interlocutory
decrees of divorce to H. J. Mahler from
Evelena Mahler for failure to provide
and David W. Critchlow from Alice
Critchlow for desertion.
When Last Seen the Co
lumbia Leads the Entire
Fleet.
Game Is Closely Contested
and Is Marked by Sen
sational Play.
Frightful Results of the Un
expected Explosion
of a Gun.
Seeks Divorce Because Her
Conduct Hurts His "
Proposed Race of Thir
ty-Seven Miles Is
Abandoned.
Charles Cutter Acci
dentally "Wounds Dud
ley Bates.
Lose First of the Polo
Matches at Santa
Barbara.
Von Ofen Says His Sal
ary Affects Lbve'of
BURLINGAME MEN
ARE DEFEATED
DRIFTING MATCH
FOR CUP YACHTS
CLAIMS SPOUSE
IS MERCENARY
VALLEJO'S
CITIZENS
AT GRAVE
SERIOUSLY SHOT
BY A PLAYMATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- WEDNESDAY, JULY" 22, 1903.
There are nearly 270 different r*H«tox»
In the United Kingdom. -¦ xmu * imM
n- .^ S 'w July a ~ An ordinance was
passed by the Board of Supervisors just
before adjournment yesterday regulating
the speed of automobiles on the roads in
this county to . a speed not greater
than fifteen miles per hour. It requires
?\ a1 ' mountain roads that automobiles
* m » e °i lt9lde # ot the urade to prevent
accidents from frightened animals. It
I sVK iif" J t \ e h c , hauffeur come to
«i«iSS #hi V l \ hls . ma chlne upon tha
Ing. riding or leading any horse.
To Regulate Automobiling.
10
SOUTH ERN PACIFIC
QUta LIB*. Toot f Martret «tr— > **
J«at» - YmoM Jg»» «• »l* — ******
"TJtO*. Benida. SatsMk. Klxstra so* feerar ~_
meato vCl
7.00a VM»»me, Wlnwrsw B«i»eT....— . JJW
* W Jf«p*.C«lUto««.8««t«,Eosa ••»»•
730a Jltles, Latbrop. StocMtoB. v . :: . r; .. JJ&r
100* iaTls.Wo«l»Md. Kaltaw LspdlB*.
* MarrsTllle. OreTllle. Jconaectt
sti/.ryrrnle for OrMley. Bigs*
• 00a ACaBUe^xpresi^gdeViaijEMJ: t0^«A
I CO* Port Corta, Xartloei, Anttocn, By-
9Jn rt>»,Tr« ! y.Sto«ktoii : 8acr»B« ? tj,
Los Baaos. Meadota, HaaXot*.
Vbnlla. pnrterrill* ............. s»4Oa»
t.C0A fort Coeta, MarUaefcLatbrop. Mo-
Imta, Bed Bluff. PorUwU.-.j. 745»
I 30* Kile*. Sao Joee. LTrenaorw. »*•«*•
imrioaewSaertMaeBU^PtoeeTjrni*. -
MarTsvlHo. Chlco, Bed Bl««..... 425»
norn. Tnolntnwi and AageU 4.Z5J
9 00* MarUneiUKl W»y3tollen» i|JI»
110.00* Crescent "aty"Bxjpre«». b ** I ?i
—Port Ccsta, Btjob, Traej, , La- ,
Ihrop, Btoskton. Merced. R*/* S*%A
hcnl. Fre^o. HanfortLVlialla.
Bakertfleld. U» An**** •**
Kew Orleaaa. ("Westboaa4 a»-
rlres m Paerac Coa«t Kxpresa,
¦»i» Cot4l Line) *I*BM
10 00a Tie Orerlaad Lrmlted — Ogdaa,
1 Dear er. ©m»H». Chicago. |4t»
1200X Hayward. Sllesand Way 8taU*aa. *•*&*
i\JD0r SacrsmeBto Blrer Stoamerm. fii-OOV
J30r Benida, Winters. Baeraaenta.
Woodland. ¦Williams. Coros».wn-
lows, KnUhts landing. Mair*>
Tllle. OroTille and war staUon*.. 13H*
S30f HaTwsrd.NlleaandWayStatlona.. 7M»
4.CQT M»rtlne».S«nIUnioa.VsileJo,IIapa,
CalUtoga, S»nt» Rosa. «_"• .5'12*
4.00T M»r«nex.Tra«T.L»U»ro|>.8to«ktoa. >0|f «¦
400? Ulles. LWerniore. StocktOB. L<»dl.. *•£&*
4ZOr Hayward. Klles. Lrrl&«toa, Baa » J8-6|*
Jose. LlTcnnor* » t11.6o»
6 CCr The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare.
Bakertneld, Loe Angales; eon-
(*ru at Saogaa for Baata Bar-
bar*. .— MS*
5X0f Port Costa. Traer. Stockton. Lcs
Banos 'tis*
16 J0t yileo. SibJom Local / 25*
S.OOr Hsyward.NIWsand San Jose....... 10.23-*
i.COr Oriental Mall— Ogden. DesTer.
Omaba. St Loala. Chicago aad
East. (Carries Pullman Car pa«-
•eogers raly o«t of Baa Tran*
ctoco. Tourist ear aod eoaeb
passengers take 7X0 f. k. trsla
to Reno, coottnvlag thence la
their car* tr.u.l rain eastward.. 4£3*
Westboond, Basset Limited.—
From 17ew Tork. Cbleagov Hew
Orle*D». El 1-18O, Lo« Ascalea,
fresno. Berenda, Raymond (from
Tooemlte). llarUnez. >rrtT«.. tJl*
TCOf Ban Pablo. Port Costa, MarUnea
and War Statloaa. 1125*
i7Cf> Vallejo 7.&5»
74)07 Port cocta. Bentda, Salsa*. DstIs,
Baeramento, Truckee. Reao.
Stops at all statical cast of
fiacranaento ...................... 7.63*
t.OSr Oregon * CallTomla Expr^as— 8ao*
ramento, MaryiTlUe. RedtUas.
Portland. PagetSoaad aad KaM. B-53*
ttAOr Bayward. Nile* aad Saa Joae (Soa-
dayonlj) $11.55*
HJSr Port Costs, Tracy. Lattrop, iro-
dei to. Merced. Raymond (u> T*.
Semite), Fresno 12 2 S »
Hanford. Vlsnlla. Bakertfleld B-ga>
COAST LINE (!«»rr»w «m«*V
(f&at of Mnxtft Street.)
*l7-45* fcaat* Cruz Kzcarsloa (Saaxlay
only).... t«.10»
S.ISa Newark. Cenlerrllle. Saa Joee.
Fclton. Boalaer Creek. 8snt*
Cms sod Way Stations „.. 6 2S»
1X.15p New»rfc, CentnrrUle. Saa Jom.
New Almaden. Los Gato«.7eltoa,
Boalder Creek. Santa Cru* ao4
Principal War Buttons ......... tO-SI*
4.18*" Newark. 6aa Joae. Lo« Oatoa and
way stations (on Saturday mad
Banday ran* taroagh to Ssnt*
Cruz, connecta at Frlton for
Boulder Creek, Mondaj oaly
from Santa Croa) ; tB-SS >
m OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN *KAJi CISCO, fool of Market St. (Slip *>
-t7:13 9:C0 11:C0a.m. 100 3 00 B.15».i.
rrom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1*:00 »:&*
18:03 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE <Broa«l Uaa««j.
(Thlrrt and Tinrnsend Street*.)
6-1 0a Sao Joae and Way Stations......... 7.ZDr
17 CO* Pan Jc«f and Wajr butloao..... ... t.SCr
fl CO* New AlTnaden y4.10F
17.15a Monterey and Santa Crux ExcuT
ilon (Snoday only) 13 3O
«9 COa CotttLlne Limited— Stop* only Saa
Jo*e.Gllroy.noUIster.FaJaro.Caa-
troTllle. Salloa*. Sun Artlo. Pm»o
BoMes. Santa Margarita. Saa Lnla
*>b!«po,f principal ma tloc« thence)
Fanta Barbara, and Los Aa-
geles. Connection at Caatrorlll*
to and from Monterey and Pacific
Grove sod at Pajaro north bound
from Capitols and 8anta~Cruj.... 1045»
140a Son Jose. Tres Pino*. Capitals,
6«nu Crux. Pacific »roTe.8a!lB*s,
Skb Lul* Obinpo and PrlaclAi
Intermediate Btatlons 4-10*
Westbound only. PaciCe Coast Ex-
nre»».— Frcin Kew Tork.Cnlcago,
New Orleans. El Paso. Loa An-
'»0-|Oa Ssn Jose and Way Station* 1.20*
I 1 JU* San Jc»e, Loa Gatos and Way Sta-
tions , SZBr
°2-30* StnJose «rd Way Stations.. ..'..... x7 CCr
..*;«* San Jo«e sod Wsy Button {9-40*
lli.COrljri Monte Rxprex*— Santa dar*.
.-. • San Jest?. Dei Monte. Monterey,
l'arlflc Grove (eonnecta at Santa
Clara for. Santa Cms, Boalder
x ,__ Cree k and Narrow Gaupe Poinu) t12.18>
«3 ACT BnTUORame. San Mateo. Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Also, Mayfleld.
ilountaln View. Lawrence. Sanl»
Clara, ban -Jose, Cllroy (connee*
tic* for BolUster. Tren P!nc«).
Psjaro (cosDcctioii for Wsttoa*
»i:ie. Cspltola and Santa Cnu).
Pacific QioTe and way stations.
Connects at Caatrovlll* for Sa>
.--- .«»>«« 10.43*
•j-SP* Ban Jose az.d Way Station* tt-i&M
•tSXOP San Jo»e. <-»U Santa Clara) Los
Uato*. Wrrg&t and Prlnctpal Way
>r ,^_ „ Stations... «. r900A
•55JOy SsnJoieasdPrinclpalWayStaUoas t*/nfll
•18.1b> SanMateo.Beresford.Belmont.Saa '"•*'***
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
. _. Menlo Park. Pslo Alto t8.48a
6-ZGr fian Jose aod Way SutloD* fiTcI
•7X0r 8na*«t Limited. E*»tboand.— Saa
Lota Oblspo, Santo Barbara. Loa
Angeie* peming. El Paao, New '
Orleans. New Tork. (Weatoovad
a --• r riT«*»»a 8«n Jotqaln Valley) r t n .
B.COr Palo Alto andWay Stallonn... . in.i2l
¦11^0*Mlllbrae,ral» Alto aad Way Sx^ 1M5a
tlons «a ..
«11J0i> MlllbraeV'sVa* JoiV "wtf wWTlit W * 6 *
««¦« :.:. *«j«-
X e |.f-rS.y 4 :B r d al B "« U nd.y «*? ' OT A^»^
.5 Btop» at all tutlon* ou Sunday.
1 Banday excepted. J Snnday oaly.
• Bataraaj only.
• Cosnecta at Goahea Je. with train* for — --- -
1 Stopi Santa Clara sooth bonnd ontr ~— '
STATEMENT
OF THE ./::*"
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
HANOVERFIRE
Insurance Company
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF VEW
,««I Ork - J on th * 3l8t day of D*cember; AD
1902. and for the year ending on that day as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th#
State of California, pursuant to the provision^
of sections «10 and 611 of the Political Cod"
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mlssloner: j
/ CAPITAL. N
Amount of 'Capital Stock paid up
tn CMh .$1.000.000 W
ASSETS. : v!"
Real Estat* owned by Company .. $450,000 00
Loans on Bond* and Mort«ra(r«« 3500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks '
and Bonds owned by Company... 2.537,812 62
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities a* collateral... r.(V> 00
Cash In Company's office -19 731 01
Cash In Banks 309*564 *»7
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 16.981 00
Interest doe and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 14 58
Premiums In due Coun«e of Col-
lection 434.0f!| 14
Rents due and accrued 1.C03 SI
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 21.393 sa
Total Assets .S3.7t>5.167 33
LIABILITIES. "~ ~>
Losses adjusted and unpaid $103,133 3*
Lftises In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 130,76.134
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 41.3SS 30
Gross premiums on Fire Rkkx run-
ning one year or l»«s. $1,737.-
788 82: relnsuranr* 50 r>er cent... 869,891 41
Grow premiums on Fire RlsV* run-
plnr more than one year. C1.600.-
213 88: reinsurance pro rata 869 "51 S3
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to h«om« due nn 140 it
All other Liabilities 41.93ft 43
Total Liabilities $2,143,314 "so
v INCOME. =====
Net cash actually received «Jr Fire
premiums $2,242,033 30
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages J73 u
Received for Interest and dividend*
. on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources oa y>$
Received for rent* ...» • 2"' 52? 55
Received from all other sources.... 82J8R2 69
Total Incomt $2,438,819 *8*6
• - -
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses .
. (Including $?47.GG7 81. losses of '
previous years) ! $l,infl.m» Rn
Dividends 1 to Stockholders 80.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 439.328 27
Paid for Salaries, F»*~ and other
en urges for officer*, clerks, etc. 153,244 02
PaM for State, National and Local
taxes 60.609 43
All other payments and expendi-
tures 169.838 35.
Total Expenditures .".' S2. 01 2.003 R7
Losses Incurred during thfcjear. .$1,174,143 68
Risks and Premiums.' IFire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksl I
written during thel "
year $315,624,760 $3,243,033 C7
Net a mount of Rlsksl
expired - during thej
' year I2C4.309.804 2.707.120 40
Net amount - In ¦ forcel ««*¦*..*><. uw«wi*Vm
December 31. 19C2...I 333.874.514 3.344.002 70
~ ~~ CHAS. A. SHAW. Prest.
.. ... JOS. McCORD. Secy. , .
' Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
2Qth day of January, 1003. ' ¦
.CHARLES F. SHAW./"
Commissioner for California In New York.
STATEMENT
HOME OFFICB,
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' OF THE
Aachen &. Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EM-
plre of Germany, on the 31st day of
December A. D.. 1902. and for the year end-
Ing on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner. ~~
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Caah $450.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $938,183 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.782,900 5ti
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,166.083 S2
Cash In Company's Office 61.070 SI
Cash In Banks 528.066 13
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 84,807 04
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 69S.168 10
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 203.187 73
Total Assets $6.302,470 28
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid; losses.
In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense; losses resisted. Includ-
ing • expenses ....: $347,750 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '> j»
ring one year or less. re-Insur-
ance 50 per cent: gross premiums
on Fire Risks running more than
one year. re-Insurance pro rata. 2,203.463 RA
Cash dividend* remaining unpaid.. JIP.2 SO
All other Liabilities 612.661 77
Total Liabilities $3,164,433 87
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for •
Fire premiums ..'..' $2,878,631 61
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages ......... .'... 77.619 31
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans.' and
from all other sources.' 74.1R2 29
Received from all other sources... 83,167 25
Total Income $3,115,490 86
I ~
EXPENDITCREa
Net amount paid for Fire Leases
(Including $77,823 90. losses of
previous years) $1,1(69,977 4S
Dividends to Stockholders 338.540 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 498.877 41
Paid for Salarlex. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 323,787 79
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes .'..; 27.00S 94
AH other payments anil expend!- •
tures \ 126.170 69
Total Expenditures .....: «2.674.S62 21
Losses Incurred during the vear.. $1.421.107' 00
Risks & Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks '
written during the V '
year .....;.. $2,604,861,760 $5,138,181 82
Net amount of Risks ".' . •¦• .
expired during the -
year 2.433.481.798 4,813.625 62
Net amount In force - ¦ ; . -
December 31. 1002. 1.633.619.333 2.867.216 04
ROBERT VON GORSCHEN. Prest. -
. FRITZ SCHROEDER.,rGenL M«T.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 10th
day of June. 19O3.*^3^*ft«$g)ti****»»'»«»MMHg
FRANKLIN BEAUDRT, •
( D. S. Consul. ; .
STATEMENT i-
UNITED STATES BRANCH
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
—OF THE—
Aachen &. Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EMPIRE
of Germany, on tha 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for the 1 year ending on that
day. as mads to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to tho
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blapk furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Caiih Market Value of all Stocks
- and Bonds owned by Company. $734,533 00
Cash In Company's Office 95 03
Cach In Banks 147.337 80
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
' tlon '.: • 151.59S 90
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken, for Fire and Marine Risks. ; 1,878 70
Due f<om other Companies for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid 83 02
Total Assets 81.035.023 5_6
LIABILITIES.
Lorafs adjusted and unpaid J6.254 98
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 63.662 68
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 9.441 74
Gross premiums on Fire , Risks
running one year or lers. $C37,-
113 89: reinsurance 50 per cent. 318.510 94
Gross premiums on Fir© Risks
running more than one year.
S3S2.2M 91: reinsurance pro
rata 220.728 40
All other Liabilities 34.070 81
Total Liabilities $652,713 65
-
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $777,787 78
Received for Interest and dividends ;^*V • '
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sourcea 25.906 82
Received from all other sources.. 67.512 40
Total Income $861.207 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including 575.537 78. losses of
previous . years) -...,.. $389.896 97
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• 137.833 68
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other _;-,->.
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 77.65 J 83
Paid for 8tate. National and Lo-
cal taxes :......S 18.930 03
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures ••• 97,73102
Total • Expenditures $742,046 49
Losses Incurred during the year.... $384, 882 57
Risks and .Premlums.iFlre Risks. Premiums.
Net ! amount of > Risks . V • '
' written during the
yea".:...........-. $78,008,902 $1,082,669 61
Net amount. of Risks \
expired during the •
year. .............. 89.822.678 806.562 60
JtH amount In force ¦
December 31. 1902.1 74,964.661' 1.010.368 80
: . , ¦¦•¦¦-" J. A. KELSET. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3d
day of February. 1903. •*
C M. DOUGHTY. Notary Public
BATXWAY TRAVEL.
latffcSglB TO SAN RAFAEL,
i^®^^ SAN QUENTIN,
I^#^^S MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
jaJ^a^^y^Sl v * a Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS — (Holidays excepted) — 6:45.
t*7:45. 8:45. 9:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. *1:45. 3:13.
4:15. t5:15. VS-A&, 0:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
+8. 1*3. t*10. IX. +11:30 a. m.. tl2:30 ri:30.
2:S5, -3:50. 3. «, 7:30. 9. 11:43 p. m.
' Trains marked <*) run to £an Quentln. Those
marked <t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Week tiays— 5:23. t6:2S. 7:40. 8:16, C9:35.
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 5:20, 4:00. 5:30. 6:45.
J0:2W P. ni.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:35. tS:10. 9:40. J10:55.
$11:43 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. »:25. 4:40. »:50.
C:55. 7:35. 10:20 ». m. *
Trains marked >t) start from San Quentin
VRfXii MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week daye — 5:45. «:40. 7:45 8-25
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45, 5:15, 5:10, 7:05,
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m., 12:05
1:05. 2:40. 3:«5, 4:53, «:C5. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:«5 a. m.. week daye — Cazadero atfl way
stations. ¦
5:13 p. m.. wrek days excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. in., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
£ondays and Ix-gal Holidajs — S a. m., Caza-
Aero and way stations.
Bandays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Rryr« and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market »t.
FERE V— Foot of Market H ..
California
Limited...
to CHICAGO
|^jg|^| An Ideal Train
fg^^^^gj For Those Who
Seek the Best
SANTA FE TBAINS
Leave Market-street Ferry Etepot.
~* I Local I Llm'd I Local I OVrfd
1 Dally I Dally | Daily ) Dally
I.v. San Fran..) T:30 a 9:S0 a 4:00 p) 8:00 p
Ar Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p[ll:15 p
" Merce.i.... 1:05 p l:.V>p J:2S a
•¦ Fresno .... 2:40 p 3:20 p : 3:15 a
" Kanford .. 4:5S p 4:07 p «:50 a
•• Visjilla .... 4:55 p 4:4H p 5:0O a
" Hakersfleld 7:15 p H:00 p 7:35 a
" Kansas City 2:35 a 7:0O &
" Chicago I 2:15 p 8:4> p
a for mornlns; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
. ft:30 a. m. Monday and Thursd-»v Is the
CAXiXPOKZTIA IiUfflTED, carrying Pal-
ace Sleeping Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car mr.s to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
stiiners. No necond-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
. l»:30 a. m Daily, Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Recllnine Chair Car between Bakers-
fi-ld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. ro. daily. ;•- -
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Fr^e Keclinlnc Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper which cuts out at Fres-no. Cor-
responding tra.i> arrives at 6:25 p. n. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San . Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Uroadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COSCPAHT.
Tiburon Terry, Foot of Market St.
SA2T rSAHCTSCO TO SAZT BAfAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. S:00. 9:00. ll:C0 a. m.;
12::55, 2:30. 3:40, 5:10. 5:30. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:0O. 0:30. U:C0a. m.; l:S0,
2:30, 3:40, 5:10. 6:3i), ll:.'50 p. m.
SAN BAFASL TO SAN F^AKCZSCO.
WEEK DAY»-«:05. 6:50, 7:.T3. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m. ; 12:50, t2:(.i«. 3:40, 5:0O, 5:2O.
«:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00. 5:20, «:10, 6:23 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays. "
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3, 11)03. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- f Destlna- I Sun- | Week
Days. I days^J tlon. | days. | Da>n.
iTsoa 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:00 a ,.'.» 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:COa «:30a Ignacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2-30 p 2:."0p C:tX)p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p C:20p 7:23 v
7-:25p|
7:30a 7:30a 7:45al 7:45a
8:00a 8:00a Nova to. 10:20 a 10:2i> a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma «:2Op «:2O p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:2O ajlO:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p % I 7 :25 p
Windsor. »J
7:30 a 7:30a Healdsburg. 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland I10:20-ell0:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| and Ukiah. [ 7:25 pj 7:25 p
7:30a| 7:3Oa|- Willita. | 7:25 pj 7:25 j>
S:(X)a| 8:00a Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p Guernevllle. I 7:25 pi «:2Op
K:0Oa| 8:00 al Sonoma. I S;40a| 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 0:0«> p| B:2O p
7:30 a! 7:3<)a| |10:2O a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:25p|6:2Up
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyeervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cljver-
dale for the Geysers, Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land .Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Day. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly's. Bucknell's. Banhtdrln
Heights. Hullvilie. Orr's Hot Springs, Half-
way ' House. Comptche, Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins, Mendoclno . City. Fort Bragg. Westport,
Ural: at Wllllts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo, Laytonville, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Roflnd-jtrlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tia StostUi* Tmj Arrive
S«nFr».n. >*f*rk»ft, | San Fraa.
Week San- _jftm_ Sin iir_ L"
!^!lj;|o: *;";!:!!:
nimSi i *** "*•'*** St - « N «>rth Shore Ra,lrc«d7
OmCB I and Sausalito Pckky. Foot Market Su
PAGIFiG COAST DERARTMENT^
• 423 California StPeet.
CESAR BERTHBAU, Manager - ¦¦- - - ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager.
MARTIN RASCHBN and GUSMESSINCER, City Agents.
APVEaTISEMENTS. . . , —
River and Chicago.
WThree V§t TrainsjjV
jl Chicago and East II
Vrm itf*V vii a ruff rw ££
m^V %¦ VIA ins. jr^Y Aim
1& l| Southern Ptclflc, Union Paclflc and Chicago t Ncrth-Wirteni Rys. || o
B Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment J&jB
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; §s£y
\a \9^ For sleeping car reserrations. tickets and Information i gr Jg
mL^&K apply to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to JSrjJ&t
MSvNEfcv R. R. RITCHIE, Generil Astnt. JwJ&^
>^^^ CHICAGO ft NORTH-WESTERN RY. jf^rMrDried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
I EASTERN . MARKETS.
Wheat — - July. Sept. Dec.
Opening :-.. -•-•* 2% 6 2«»
Closing « 2Vi 6 2«i
¦ PARIS. J
Wheat—- - July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening ••• 24 05 22 15
Closing ........24 95 * 22 20
Flour— . • ¦ -¦¦
Opening 32 35 29 00
Closing , .:.....'..... SI M 29 85 '
Nczv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. July 21.— Spot tin clcsed at
£124 and futures were 10s. lower at £121 3fe.
Locally tin was a little lower* -but the market
was about steady at $27 30(827 50.
• Copper was also -lower In London, spot there
declining 12s 6d to £55 17s Cd and futures 10*
to £55 2s «d. In New York copper Is dull and
more or lees nominal. Lake • and electrolytic,
$13 37^C13 62*4: casting. $13 12H613 25.
* Lead advanced Is 3d in London to £11 8, o<J.
Locally spot is scarce and prices were raised to.
fcpelter was , unchanged at £20 10s 3d and
Iron J 'wa« quiet No. l' foundry. Northern.
$10fil9 60; No. 2 foundry.,* Northern. $17 50ia
16: No. 1 foundry. Southern and No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, soft. $17 75CI8 25. .
BAGS— Grain Bair*. 4.75«5c: San Quetrtla.
5.5Jc; Wool Bags. 32'835c: Fleece Twine. 7H©
Sc; Cotton Fruit Eags. 6 l ic 6\ic and 7Hc for
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association announces the following
price list for 1903 pack:
—————~ J5 m 5 si
•J* 00— * 5
= »3 =i i
FRTJITS. ' - i 2 2"
1L11
Apples !$r55!$r30'$l 20 $1 10
Apricot* I 50i 1 2O| 1 10* 1 OO
.Blackberries t «O| 1 4O! 1 301 1 JO
I Cherries. R. A 2 15 1 9O| 1 70 j *%
Cherries, white 1 75! 1 Ro| t aft
Cherries, black 2 0<»l 1 75 1 60J 1 ZS
Grapes 1 35M 2W 1 lOt.l.Qp
Yellow Free Peaches.... 1 CO{ 1 30| 1 l«t 1 itt
Lemon Clinjt Peaches. ... 1 75j 1 43! 1 20! 1 10
Do. diced 1 75! 1 451 1 20J 1 10
White Hth. Peaches 1 751 1 45! 1 20t I lft
Pears 1 W>| 1 5O| 1 30( 1 1.1
Plum* 1 35i 1 13 1 63! OX
Raspberries 2 501 2 25 2 W. 1 9n
Straj>-tHTr1es ¦ 2 OOi 1 75! 1 gp? 1 40
LIVERPOOL
Foreign Futures.
General Merchandise.
WEATUER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
HoIHster — Crapes ilolng well: prospects good
for a Urce croj).
Hanford — Fruit, grain and vegetables in
fine condition: no eomDlaint from rancher*.
Riverside — Cling* nnd frets ripening well.
Willows — Fruit ripening *lowly.
Colu?a— Wheat not of good quality; yield
fair. Fruit conditions unchanged.
Kama Maria — Similar cool weather and eim-
Uar fivciablt crop conditions as before.
Llvormore — Dceplte phylloxera the grape
crop promises the beet ulnce 1837.
Palermo— Weather still comlnuea favorable
for *!! crot»»-- f
Xapa — Weather conditions favorable for ail
growing crops. '. V
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
Kama llosa — Crop conditions favoratle.
Stockton— E*r!j • variety peaches being
shipped Hart in small quantities.
'Cloverdale — Conditions good for ripening
fruit. ' . . ¦ . •
K 2 3 2 O <
5=33 a ? 2 s si 55.
Je ?s v - -0 0.5- &
stations. 23 s 3 § 5 ;,- :':o
S 5 is : : :
: : U : : :
CTover-Ial- 79 M Clear 777. ~
Coluea Bl ."^% Clear
Kureka ..... .. «2 54 .... Clear W Lt.
Fresno «* M Clear W Lt.
Hanfcrd 91 33 Clear ..... ..
HoKister 7» 61 .... Lt.Fog
Independence . SS «>O Clear SE 2!»
King City M 4S fHear N Fr.
Llrermore 77 5.T .... Clear
Lo» Angeles... 7« 54 n»ar
Xapa 71 47 .... Clear 6W
Newman tM 01 Clear
Palermo M W) Clear '
PortervUV .... W .">2 Clear NW ..
FV-d Bluff M M Clear SE 6
Kiversl.lt M 63 .... Clear
Kacrarcento ... 7»« .'.2 near SV* 14
Saa Diego 72 «0 near W «
Han FranciMM.. C2 P2 Pt.Cldy W In
Sftn Jo»e "'•'• M • • • • Clear
t* L Obl*r«... «»* W». ;... Clear "W 14
Santa Msria .. 70 54 Clear W
Fanta Rota ... 72 50 .... Clear
Ptoiktcn 7* Wi Clear
WMowj &3 52 .... Clear S
The following quotations are for good, soon*
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. &80c; Cows and Heifers.
7$Sc: thin Cows. 4t?5c per Ib.
CALVES — ISStic ver Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3Htf3»ie per Ib
<£ross weight).
LAMBS— Spring. $2 7S'5$3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 110 to 200 lbs. 6ti<J«H'r;
under 140 Ibe. SHfjec; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent oCT. and Stags. 40 per ceut
off from above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
VEAL — Lar*e. 7S9c: small. »£0%aC per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SQOc; Ewes, 83S»-jc per
pcund.
LAMB— Spring. 10-gl04e per Ib.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. S'i60Vjc per 1J».
Beef is quote<1 weaker, with most of th# re
ceipts thin ar.d poor. Mutton continues In
rath»r light supply. *s the continued car short
age Is keeptng back importations from Nevada.
Hogs are unchanged, large and fat stock belns
lq moderate supply and small overplentlful.
DRESSED MEATS. : <£¦¦
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
arc as follows:
BEEF — «Jt»7c for Steers and 5<36c per Ib for
Cows.
Meat Market.
Flour and Millstufts.
. ' No further, change In prices Is reported.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 40©
4 «5, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 30®
4 40; Oresron and Washington. $3 7004 per
bbl for Family and $3 7004 20 for Bakers'.
M1LL8TUFF8 — Prices In packages * are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $X;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groat* $4 50; Hominy. $4tf 4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Fa
rina. $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
OaU, bbls. $6 7.V&8 60; in sacks. $6 25©8 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 60; Split Peas, boxes. $7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per ICO lbs.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December .. M% »«tt M?* 85%
OATS — Dealers continue to quote a quiet
and steady market at prices which have ruled
for several days. Offerings are still moderate.
New Red. $1 l.'"Sl 25 per ctl.
Old crop— White. $1 17H«1 25: Black. $1 10
(tl 17U: Red. $1 I2m?l 17V4 for common and
$1 20S1 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Quotations continue nominal, as
there is k« little here that It Is difficult to
make a market. Buyers have to pay what
sellers choose to ask. and that settles It.
California large Yellow. $1 4031 45: small
round do. ft 7001 75; White. $1 4031 45;
Egyptian. $1 45$1 50 for White and $1 40tf
1 45 for Brawn. /'•'-•
rYF steady and unchanged, with moderate
offering* at $1 10@l 15 per ctl for eld or new.
BUCKWHEAT— $2©2 50 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. • Hlfth. Low. Close.
December .. »4»; 95H 94*i 95«4
Seller year, new — 92';c bid.
2 p. m. Session.
Feed. new. $1 ©2^61 05: new shipping and
brewing fl 12H«1 I" 1 *: old brewing. $1 15®
1 20; Chevalier. $1 1561 30 for. fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY,
Open. HUh. Low. Close.
December ..$1 42 $1 44 $1 42 $1 43U
BARLEY— Wa* firmer aga'n. with hljrh»r
prices for both futures and cash grain. The
undertone of the market has been strong for
weeks, and lt takes very little to harden quo
tations.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ..$1 40% $1 42 SI 40% $1 42
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
8ecslon 0 to 11:30 a. m
California Club. $1 40«ei 42'i: California
Whlt«/ Australian. $1 504J1 52H: Northern
Club. $1 *0<Q\ 424: Northern Blue. Stem.
$1 4S\©1 50: Oregon Valley, $1 47^,.
CASH WHEAT.
This market continues firm, with light of
ferings, and buyers paying full, figures. Fu
ture* are higher again.
New Wh»at. 11 37!afil 42>4 for shipping and
$1 47HW1 52!i for milling.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The spot markn con
tinues quiet, weak and overburdened with t-—
nage at It's Od. usual European options, w.ih
the charter of a vessel for barley at this rate.
The chartered wheat fleet In port has a reg
istered tonnage of 30.440. against 35.C00 tona
nn the same date last year; disengaged 76.
070 ton*, against 22.4S0: on the way to" this
port. .H)5.700 tons, airalnst 2>i.3OO.
WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris future* were
both lower. There Is no Continental demand
at present, and In answer to a cable from this
*Ide inquiring the reason Antwerp and Ber
lin cabled back that ©wins to the tremen
dous crops In every country Europe needs no
Wheat from the United States except at min
imum prices.
Chicago advanced -\c. A MlnneanolM esti
mate gave the Spring Wheat yield the follow
ing flsrures: North Dakota and Northern
Minnesota. 80 per c»nt; Southern Minnesota.
ft<> per c»nt: South Dakota. tlO p*r cent and
th« Canadian Northwest. «o,nco.COO bushels.
IVhcat and Other Grains.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin
For the twenty-four hours endinr 5 p. m.
120th meridian time. *-an Francisco. July 21
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
F«ir weather prevail* over the Pacific slope
except clcudy in Northern Arizona anJ West
ern Washington. Lipht ehowera have /alien in
Northern Utah and Southern Idaho.
The j»re*«ure has risen rapidly over the north
ern portion of the Pacific slope and fallen cast
of the Kocky Mountain?.
The temperature has falteti over Western
Oregon an<l Scuthem Idaho and risen in East
ern Was-hinjrton and Southern Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 21':
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, except
clondy or foggy along the coast tn the" morning
ani at nlcht: fresh we^t wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
we«t »-in4.
Nevada — Pair; ooler Wfd n'S'lay
gan Franc!*?o and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day, except cloudy or foggy in the morning;
fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLKON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily in Charge.
Sterlirg and domestic Exchange were higher
Silver dropped back Kr. The recent ad
vance In -Sliver 1*. said to f-e du* to a good de
mand for Indian and American Government
accounts, which has ferccd London shorts to
cover.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.. — $4 S4*;
Sterling Exchc-ige, sight — 4 87
Sic rlintf Exchange, cables — 4 ,VS
New York Exchange, eight — C5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07*4
Silver, per ounce — 55'
Mexican Dollar*, nominal — 42
Exchange ard Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
large and of good quality. Stock are heaithy
and in guod condition. Trie streams are (ailing
fast.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Warm, clear weather ' prevailed during the
week, exc-ept alcnr Ihe coast, where It was
*PK«y and eomewhat cooler. Harvest is In
progress in ail section*. Early wheat, barley
and oat* are yielding excellent cror>» in moat
places. The large crop of hay is being rapidly
baled and stored. Sugar b?*t» and beans are
doing wtrll. Beet harvest is progressing, ond
the sugar factory at Santa Maria ha\? com
menced operaticr^! with an excellent croa to
work on. Apricot drying ts in progress; the'
fruit is or FUpertor quality, but the yield is
light. Other deciduous fruit* and oranges are
doing won. Grar>e* are in rood condition arrd
will yield heavily.
LOS ANGELES SL'MMART.
Cloudy mornings along th; coast good for
beans. Seasonal fruit drying- is in full opera
tion. Honey crop is rot as large as expected,
owing to much cloudy and foggy weather. Corn
1* the best for yearn. Baling an unusually
I large ha> crop.
EUREKA SUMMARY.
Foggy and misty weather greatly improved
the condition of crops: the outlook ts more
promising than a month ago. and late sown ;
grain will yield better than expected. Apple
trees are heavily loaded and thinning is neces
sary.
U 'cat her Report.
«120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July I'l— 5 p. m.
— ~ * — — —
STATIONS. \ 4=|2|= |" |i
: : '•-! Li L.;
i Baker •J».T<; I»4 (5i NW Pt.Cldy .00
! «"artcn 20. T 1 * S2 4* NW Clear .Ou
I Eureka :w.O; «2 54 \V Clear .CO j
| Fr<**no a».J!O SH) 54 W Clear A*i \
Flagstaff 23. 94 1H .VI E Cloudy 1.0S |
Independence .29.K0 x» W HE Clear .(*)
Ix* Angela. ..^"9. us T8 54 W Clear .W j
Mt TamaIpais.:^t.(M <a 4»J SE Clear .01
North Head... 30.00 &S M tE Rain Tr.
Phoenix I 1 *.!* 104 Tfl N Clear Tr. !
PocateJlo 29.^6 S4 70 SE Clear .01
Portland -ja.'jo T'i .W SW (.near .«X>
! Poiqt Heye*...Z4JA4> . iO IT ff - Clear . .«0
j Red Bluff..... 'Jlt.vn Mf 5« SE -Clear .00 1
Roseburg 23. OS 76 3« NE Clear .06 1
[ Sacramento . .^>.I>4 7s" 12 ,SW Clear .<X»
; t-alt I^ake £9.M> M 70 NE Clear . Tr.
! San Francisco. 30. «4 - «2 52 W Pt.Cldy .W) j
ISanL.ObiEpo.S0.ru; oj 50 VT Clear .0«J
' Diego 1"9.W 72 ?«> \V Clear 00
' SeatUe 29.02 H2 M p\V Clear 00 i
!-pc.kane L"9.70 96 5S Nff Pt.Cldy .fw ¦
I T.tcXAh 29.B2 58 4* SW Clear .00 I
! Walla Walla.. 2». 70 loo «H SW Clear .Oft'
: WinnemuccA -2!».7G »*S «4 W «;iear .00 I
Tuaa -J9.76 104 7S s Clear .CO !
HIDKS AND SKIN3 — Culls and brands sell
about l L '-c under quotations. Heavy saiterl
Steers. 10'ic: medium. O^c; light. S4c: Cow
Hides. S'jc for heavy and SVic for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kin. Uc; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. 104c; dry Hides. ltJ'ic; dry Kip. He:
dry Calf, l&c; Sheepskins, shearlings; 233:i<\;
each; short wool. 4'raf.V each: medium. 70>Qr
00c; lontc wool. Jlyl 50 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2 SO for medium. $2
for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 SO for medium. $1@1 25
fcr small and 50c for Colts. Buck skins — Dry
Mexican, S2'jc; dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American, 33c. Goat Skins — Prime, An
goras, 73c: large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
small. Hfc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5??3Hc per Ib;
No. 2. 4fJ4Uc; grease. 2H«:34c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs'. 91J
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Menuocino. l*-«2Oc; Foothill,
defective. HQl.'Sc: Nevada. 1'2'fljr; San Joa
quin, defective. IMJllc per Ib: Southern. 9i*
lie; Valley Oregon. Brie. 13319c: do. medium.
Ififll7c; do, coarse. lo^lSc; Lambs', 13c per
pound.
HOPS — Are selling second-handed from deal
ers to brewers at ZO'QTic, with 17H#20c being
paid in th» country. For 1903 crop a« high as
16VjC is bid.
Hops are now quoted steady, as already
noted, with sales frcm dealers to brewers at
22c down. The grower*, as previously men
tioned, are firmer in their views Owing to
diminished crop prospects, and report bids for
Hhk: good* of i'P-i..
Hides ir» casv In sympathy with tSe East
ern markets, though prices are no lower. Tal
low is lower an.l weak. -
. Wool continues Crm and is still moving tiff
well. The only change Is aa advacce In Valley
Oregon.
Hides, Tallozi.% Wool and Hops.
Clear weather prevailed during the week, and
• the terspwrsture was slightly below normal.
Harveetin*. thrashing e=d ha>b*lin« progmseil
repidly. liarly wheat and barley, are yielding
good crop* in nearly all eections. Late wheat
hss bwi improve! by the cool weather, and In
« r few places will yirld a small crop. Peaches
•re ripening art1 Tuscan clings are nearly ready
?cr pickfnif. Tragedy prone* are befng gath
er^ at Palermo. P*am are being shipped ia
ccn*i<lerabl<> quartttirs and the crop will be
large. Large «ii!r>rnenis of Cried apricots are
being made frcm Ccluca County. Orapes are
in excellent condition *ad a heavy crop is
T.robable.
COAET AND BAY FECTIOXS.
Cocl «nd feegy weather prevailed during the
tv»*k la the toast district* and generally clear,
warm weather in the interior. The fogs re
tarded fcarvejting in ecme place*, but were
brn-Scial to late wheat." The grain crop is
beiss rapidly tar-vested end thra«hed and is
nearly average la rnost erction*. though » few
place* report a light yield. Hayballng is pro
gressing. Corn, beets ar.d beans are In good
crmfiiOon. Nearly all fitciduous fruSU *r«
yleiaing crcellect crops. Apricot drylE* 1« In
T:rogress: th* yield la San Benito County Is
r*tter than expected. Orapes continue in spleii-
CM confiltlon ar.d large crops are looked fcr.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLET.
Cle«r weather with wartn days and cool
right* prevelled during the past week. These
••crjiSltions have been mo*t favorable for har
vesting grain and ripening fruit. Harvesting
end thrashing ccstinae In most places, though
finished la same. Whrat and barley ere fair
orcps, but In torr.e places llrfeter In weight
than Ja*t j-ear. Grain is cdng to warehouses
iu large quantities. A email amount of the
third crop of alfalfa Is being cut. Fruit cut
ting and drying are prcrressing: early varie
ties are nearly exhaurt*d. Large- quantities
«;f p*« r he» •«4 pear* ere being shipped to
Eastern isarkcU. The watemtelon crop is
SACRAMENTO VALLET
Tee weekly re»crt of A. G. McAfi'.e, section
director cf the cllniate and cv:p service ct t&e
Wather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Clear weather prevailed during the week la
the interior districts ar.4 feggy or cloudy
TmatfcT Jn The coast filstrtct*. The tempera
ture wa* sitghtly below normal in all sections,
but coTJiltltn» were gentraily favorable fcr ell
crip*.
Harvesting. thra»hinr and hayba'.lsg are pro
grr«Ur.g rapidly. In Southern Califorr.la the
y>W of wbtst. catt and barlry is reported th*
\ <«-.:'»• for several • »er> ..r.-l the grain is of
txcellent quality. The hay crop In that fac
tion is ¦-.'¦> very -¦ - < In the central and
rorthern district* the berley crop is not quite
up to average, but is considered very fair;
earty wheat is turning out tr.u<-h b'fter than
, x >>ected a few week* *go. and In many places
iii about average. Late »fc»*t is improving.
itpreial!} aJocg th« cva*t, and thexe will be a
" aniall crop In tosit sectiens. Sugar b«t harrect
1- In progress. »nd the factories have com
ti:«r.c*d eperation*: the jl'ld Is reported good.
* lirai* corn and vegeubles are doing we'.\, but
t.rt* are not in satisfactory condition.
FraJt-<JryinJB •« pro«TMsiBg in alt eections.
*e<J Urc» Bhipicent* of the dried fruit are be
ir.s made. A good crop of apricots ha» be*n
c«th«-»^ in iomt rlac*«. but the yield is gen
" tralb brlow the average; the fruit is of better
tjuality than usual- Other dertduous fruiu are
maturing and some to market: the yield will
ifobebly be ebout avcragf. Grape prospects
• .%nt!nu« excellent In ell eectlor.s. and a heavy
yield cf raisins U cxi*ctcd. Oranges and dives
lA doing wcl!.
The Weather and Crops.
The following retail rrt<^» *or Meats are
c quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
tociaticc:
BEEF — Prime Roast. 15©l£c: Pcrterhou»e
£t«*k. l*$224c: Tenderloin Sfak. lSijlbc;
F'.rlois Steak. 124015c; Top Round Steak.
124c; Beef Strw. 10c; Ccrped Be*f, fcglOc;
Bon* Bones, 4c; Soup Meat. 5&1CC.
VEAL— Loin Roast 15€2Oc: shoulder Roa*t.
12 l -S15c; Chops or CutUts. U»Q20c; Stew, 124
«iI5c.
MUTTON— Log 124615c: Forequarter. Sff
H<c: Stew. «-v;- ¦• . Prime Chope. 124© lSc-
LAMB — Chops. 20c; Forequarter. 12 «- 5 15c:
H:rdQuarter 1>>620c; Shoulder Beast. 10®
12 Chops 15€18c.
PORK — Roast. li'itjlSc; Chops. 15glSc.
TT»ee* prices &t> not cover the cheaper grades.
a* lt is impossible to quote regular prices on
tfc<:r..
• Quicksilver Trade in June.
The experts of Quick*!! ver from £an Fran
cisco by sea during the nscnth of Jure were
a* l&llous:
T«-_ Flasks. Value*.
Cfetaa l* 10 $40,000
j ar na 120 5.025
Mexico «3! 28."°
f'estral America 45 1,935
lir.Usfc Columbia W 433
Totals 1S2* $75.5'W
la June. 1V2. the exports mere 2-"X Casks,
valued at *1<».14(«. The receipts at tills port
la*t month were 4012 flasks, against 13*0 Casks
:n June. 1J02.
1 Exports for British Columbia.
The tteamer City cf Puebla sailed -to Monday
fcr Victoria with an assorted merL-handige
cargo consigned to the port of df-siiaaticn and
CM rrmcipel British Columbian ports, valued
• t J17.OS4 *nd including the following: 271S
TkXa frtsh fruit, 40 jjkgs freth vegetables, 43.
oT4 lbs dried fruit. 25O lbs bran, 331 tks cn
icct, 191 tk* petatc**. 25C0 lbs raisin*. 67.030
lb« Kalt. 3>0 lbs 3 cs cheese. »»i« Ib* mill
«tuff* 40« c~s canned rood*. 107 yals whi*ky.
ZM bx« p««t*. **> *¦•« rnapl* rugar, 5 cm honey.
¦ 14 pfcg« «TO<^erie* and rTt^-ielon*. 25 c» black
berrj- br»r<y. £S kexs pJclflee. S7t lb« 15 cs |
hop». 75 cm ihampagnc, 27 pkes Cragt. 11 cs j
tirrat and ammunition. 1U7 pkgs mach!ner>'. 15 j
M!» 42 bars iron. * <-yls gas. » btlt surhaltum, j
'M<j c» matches, 24£< lbs soda.
Tvl'o Cargoes for Hawaii.
The ship George Curtis was cleared en Mon- j
day fcr H'jsclulu with an assorted merchandise j
cmm. valued et $19.S34 and including the fol
lowing: 100 bbl* Cccr. S»7 ctls barley. 88 ctls
wheat, 1SC» baie* hay, 1«.C25 DM corn. 40
|4crs groceries and provisions, 45 ijbls salmon.
1130 gal* VteCgar, W9T Its bread, 170 cs earned
fruit. 2222 jabs 30 c* wine. 22 cs liquors. 20 I
tbls be*r. 54 gals mhlsky. 12.SC3 ft lumber. 84
I kgs furstture. 17 pkg* paint*. K7 rkg* J>aper.
\U) c* »o«p 1OO btois lin*e. *•** «ks **-ment, «a j
bbls T« c» oil. II" pkg» wewlng machines. 30 1
r.fclt piaeter, 75<> k#«» m'hlte lead. 3 bales twine. '
15 bbls tar. 34 pkr» machinery. 60 pes 2 bcl'.s
:ron. 15 coils ccrdace.
The schooner H. C. Wright was cleared yes- i
ter*i*y for SUhukona with car«o valued at j
fUlSSl. The cargo included the following: 450
bt!* flour. I4S)3 ctl* barley. 23.WI Ibt tslddlings. !
IZi tAles hay 2sW> lbs salt. 34«* lbs beans. 121 I
. tl* «*eat. 4ifcl lb« cats. 70.341 Ib* bran. 555
!hs cern. 35 j.kgs potatoe*. 5 pkgs eiilons, 1<:5 I
caaned goods. V2u lb« coansh. «a pkgs gro
• ¦er:es «nd jrtrv'.sior.*, 37W» Ibe l«rd. *0O* lb« j
tread. 3752 Ibe rugar. 54 bxs paste. M> bbl* 20 ,
ca palmcn 10 c* *hlsky. 3 bbls b»*r, 20 gali •
»-.K» 10» pkE« rair.ts and oils. 7 pk8» «Jrugs.
M fcx* »<>ai> .*> coils rope. 5400 lbs cement, 50 j
r'gs natl» 15 Pkgs paper. 200 cs <.?&! oil. 4^ I
,ks coal 500 fcrick*. 477 lbs tallow, d pkgs
rcn. 1500 railroad ties, 2 roils leather. 14 bxs
CITKUS FRUITS— Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges. $1 50«2 50 per box; Seedlings.
$l?'l 25; Valencia*. $1 7*g3; St. Michaels. $2©
8: Mediterranean Sweets. $1 25^1 .V); Lemons.
75cf?$l for. standard. $1 25^1 75 for choice and
$2©2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1(31 23; Mex
ican Limes. $4 5095 50; Bananas. $1 50>&2 50
per bunch for Central American and 75c<3$l 50
for Hawaiian: Pineapples. $1 5CQ2 50 per doz.
CURRANTS — $4fitS per chest.
A«PPLES — 75ci6$l S5 per box 'for choice and
fancy and 40fi03c for common: Crabapples. 40O
5Oc for small boxes and 75c«fl for large.
PEARS — Bartlett*. 40cfl$l per box: Dear
born Seedlings. 40<S50c per box and 40360c per
basket. •
FIGS — WVS75c per drawer; large boxes from
the r'ver, 85c<9$l 23.
PLUMS— 2o«j 10c cer box and 4&C60c per
cfat*.
PRUNES— Tragedy. 4O«50c per crate and
35«40c ver basket; Slmoni. 50060c p*r crate.
APRICOTS — 50«C5o per box or crate; m
bulk. $15935 wr ton.
PEACHE5? — 5C©75c per box; baskets from
the river. «OS75c.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coach>Ua $1 25
©1 50 per crate: from BakersZeld, $1 2it?l 75;
from Winters, $1 75fi2; Nutmeg Melons from
the river. $1 50 per box; from Fr*3no. $1 23;
Watermelons. $5©?0 per hundred.
GRAPES— Thompson's Seedless from Vaca
vllle. $1 50 per crate; other varieties. 5C<875c
per crate.
Receipts of most descriptions of fruits were
light but ample, and choice stock moved off
well. Fruit Is maturing slowly, owing to the
cocl. cloudy weather, and the receipt* of ripe
stock are llRht-ln consequence and such offer
ings sometimes command a premium over the
quotation*. The river boats brought light car
goes, and basket lots cleared up readily at good
prices. No- 2 Bartlett Pears were dull, al
thcugh effered at easy prices, but good, sound
stock sold off well and occasional tots «old at
a small premium. Apples were abundant and
choice offerings met with a steady demand.
Of the Gravensteln variety. 4-tler boxes were
preferred, ami readily commanded the maxi
mum rate, while 5-tler boxes were In fair re
quest at J161 25. Plums. Prunes and Apricots
In small packages «tood about as previously
quoted. Peaches and Figs were firmer. Re
ceipts of the Utter were very, light. Apricots
In bulk sold at a wider ran«e. a conshlerablo
portion of the receipt* being of poor quality
and very small. No. 2 stork sold at $15*j?SJ
per ton and the better grades were steady at
$23£30, with tome fancy selling l;f>a small way
up to $35. Melons and Grapes were offering
freely and prices were lower, as the cocl
weather checked the demand. Red and white
Nectarines were offering at CSfiCSc tfer box or
crate, but found fen- takers. Receipts of Lo
ganberries wrre light and prices ranged hlgh*r.
Otherwise ther« was nothing new to -report In
Berries. Currants had a sharp advance. Only
12 chests came In.
The cool weather checked trade In Citrus and
Tropical fruits and prices had no noteworthy
chanee.
STRAWBERRIES— $4117 per chest for Long
worths and $2f»3 50 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4«7 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $2«4 p*r chsst. - ; ,
BLACKBERRIES— $2 5C#4 p»r chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 10fl24e d«t Ib. -».
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
" Butter Is more or leas unsettled, with wide
divergence In the views of dealer*. Some are
disposed to advance, and others to lower, price!".
Two house* yesterday sent out cards offering
their best 'creameries at' 25c. Stccks are not
large, but the demand Is poor.
The advance In Cheese is hax-ing: the effect
of checking the demand, and some houses who
quoted 131-.C for flat* on Monday dropped back
to 13c yesterday. The market is very unset
tled and each dealer seems to have his own
price. Prices are likely to be uncertain until
conditions become settled again.
Eggs are firm . at a further advance. The
lower grades such as store and Eastern, art
particularly tlrm. and the advance In them Is
especially marked. Stocks of all descriptions
are moderate, and. receipts are steadily de
creasing. ' ¦
Receipts were 35.000 lbs Butter, 010 cases
Eggrs and SOCt> lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 24 4926c: dairy. 224fJ
24c; store Butter. I7#20c; Eastern, nominal.
CHEESE— New. l:Jc; Youns America. 144ft
15c: Eastern, 144S13VJc; Western. USUic
per Ib.
EGGS — Ranch. 20U27c for large white and
21625c for mixed colors; store. l*523c; East
ern. 1SQ21C r«r dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The third car of Western Poultry for the
current week was on sale end moved ofr slowly
at fair prices Receipts of domestic stock were
Kberal and the market generally had an easy
tons. Large young fowls met with a fair de
mand, but second-class stcck was dull. Do
mestic Hens were very weak, as the three cars
of Western stock that were marketed since
Monday were mestly of that description. Re
ceipts of Game were unusually heavy ana con
sisted chiefly of Doves, which were quoted
lower. Hare and Rabbits were In light re
ceipt and f.rmer.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal : Geese,
per pair. »1 2^1 50: Goslings. *V25ei 80:
Ducks *3tf?3 50 per dozen for old and $J oO©
4 50 for young; Hens. $l©5; young Roosters.
$«©*: old Rocaters. $465: Fryers. * : 5<>84 «O;
Broilers $3£3 30 for large and $282 50 for
small: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old ana
$1 SO for squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 50<gl 75 per dozen; Hare.
$1 25^1 50; Wild Doves. 73cS$l P«r dozen.
Poultry and Game.
LONDON. July 21. — Consols. 92 3-16O82H:
• liver. 25 7-10d; French rentes. 07r 474c: wheat
cargoes on passage, very Inactive; English
country markets easr.
LIVERPOOL. July 21.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California. Os 64dfiCs 7d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Parts, dull; French coun
try markets steady.'
COTTON— Uplands. tUCc.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. July 21.— WHEAT— Steady; blue
stem. b'Jc; club, 78c.
WASHINGTON
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 21. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 77fc7Sc; bluemm. 80c: valley, 80c.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. July 21— Clearings, $S07.415;
balances. $270,805.
TACOMA. July 21.— Clearinss. $353,109;
balances. $31,087.
PORTLAND. July 21.— Clearings. $4l«.02S;
balances, $64,526.
SPOKANE, July 21.— Clearing*. $"13,S9-';
balances. 170.7CS.
Northern Business.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7»ic per Ib for
compound and $>*ifJ10 l ic for pure: half bar
rels, pure. li*ei04c: 10-lb tins. 104©llc; 5-lb
tins. U>%en4c; 3-lb tins. 10% Oil
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c: thre*
half barrels. 94c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9'ic; five tierces, 9i»c per ib.
Cottolene is < 4 c lower.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 124c per Ib for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
154c for extra light. 17 4c for sugar- .••jr*-.i
and 19c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Haras, lo'^c; California Hams, 144613c;
Mess Beer. $11 5O<@12 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12Q12 50; Family. $13 50: prime Mess Pork.
$13: extra clear. «26; Mess. $20: Dry Salt-l
Pork. 124c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $3 25;
Smoked Beef. 15c per Ib.
The Chicago market is srill dragging, and
wires from there say that there is nothing In
sight to change the feeling of weakness per
sistently underlying Ihe situation. Stocks at
all Western packing points are large and get
ting larger.
This market shows no further change, and
U culet.
Provisions.
j CHICAGO. July 21/ — With the exception of
a little wsakneoe at the start, due to free scll-
I Ing by Armour, under which September sold
'off from the opening, ".">%& 75'^c to 75%c to
, 73'Jc; there was a firm undertone In -wheat
. and prices showed a steady advance to 7b 4c
j Shorts covered freely and there was good buy
! ing. both by commission huuses and local
! traders, who were Inclined to believe that th«
¦ market had been too persinently hammered
I and more short selling on tho breaks had been
• too pronounced.. They were also encouraged by
I the moderately bullish torn of the weekly
: Government crop bulletin and by a showing of
' receipts, half a million bushels under last
. year. The close was firm end showed a gain
for September of %Cp%c at 7OU&7(J%c.
Corn showed greater flrnine#s than wheat
¦ and with a good general demand offerings
i were at no time, urgent. The clo*e was ktrong
I with September We higher at 4f>T*c, hiving
! sold up with but little hindrance, from 4&\c
at the opening.
There was a good trade In oats and Sep
tember closed ftS'Sc higher at 32>i<*32')s,c.
with a range for the day between 31«4c and
32=SiC.
Provisions opened easy and sold off on selling
! by locals on fair movement of hoc,s. Septem
1 b«r pork at the close showed •. loss ct 5c,
; lard down IJfrc and rlbe off 24c.
i The leading futures ranted a> follows;
! Articles-^- Open. High! Low~ Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
July (old) ..... 75 7*% 75 75T&
1 July, (new) .... 75 75% 79 ¦ 751^
; Sept. (old) ..... 75% 7*54 73*4 ¦ 7«'
¦Sept.i(new) .... 75% 764 ViV* 76%
i Corn No. 2— . •
! July 4S% J9% 4Sf; 4ns;
September 48% 4!»% iSS 49%
December 43 4!H 4 47*4 40S
Oats No. 2 —
May 3»4 35 :jji; 35'
July 36% 3* ;:e-\ 37«;
September 31* 4 32% 31% 324
December 32% 33«; 32j; 33»,
Mess Pork, pet bbl —
September 14 20 14 35 M 15 U 25
Lard, p-r 100 lbs~
September 7 90 7 85 7 'OVi 7 83
October 7 60 7 674 7W4 7 60
SShort Ribs, per l"0 lbs —
September K 35 8 424 8 30 8 374
October 7 074 8 10 7 05 S (74
Cash_ quotations were as follows:' Flour
steady," unchanged; No. 2 red wheat, 75*277c;
No. 2 corn, 49* t c: No. 2 yellow, T»O'ic; No. 2
white cat*. tOV«c; No. 3 white. 37>4<;; No. '_•
rye. 4»V,e.'.2e; good feeding barlev. 42c; fair
to choice malting. 46#50c; No. I iiaxsred, tile;
No. I Northwestern. 'J*c; prime timothy sted.
$3 45; mess pork, per bbl. $14 n.vgu 10; lard,
per 100 lbs, $7 6"4<S7 70; short rib* sMi-*
(loose), $S 20$?K 35; dry salted RhouKlors
(boxed), 74ff"%c: short clear sld>s (boxed),
84SS%c; clover, contract grade. $129 12 ."0.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14,iJ5)<) 13.223
Wheat, bushels «1.200 24.060
Corn, buthelg 2$7.30o . 468.«50
Oats, bushels 2ft2.200 205.250
Rye bushels 1.000
Barley, bushel* ...\. ..'..'. 26.400 3.630
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy. Creameries. 114612Hc;
dairy. 16218c. E«gs easy at mark, cases in
cluded. liyi.V. Cheese steady. 110114c.
Chicago Grain Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market rul«d
steady, offerings being moderate, although de
mand U not active. Common are quoted at
4$04c; frlire at 3»i$6c; choice, OUCtiHc;
fancy, 6?»&74c.
PRUNES? — Are in moderate demand an-1
show 110 chanres from the conditions recently
noted. Quotations range from 3c to 7c for all
grades.
APRICOTS— Remain steady. Choice. ,\if
74c; fancy. 1C&124C
PEACHES— Steady, unchanged, at 7ff"4c
for choice and SglO!,c for fancy.
1 NEW TORK. July 21.— FLOUR— Receipt*,
j 21.900 barrels; exports, 2S9O barrels. The mai
: ket was more active and steady with wheat.
I WHEAT — Receipts. 94.000 busheU; exports.
: 8000 bushels. St>ot. steady; No. 2 red. t>04c
' elevator and 814c afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 024c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manl
! toba, 01 Sc £ 0. b - a^at. Under liquidation
i wheat showed a further decline this morning.
Impelled by lower cables, favorable crop newt
I and talk of larger, receipts. It fully recov-
I ered on bullish weekly bureau reoorts and
1 after a strong afternoon market In which
fchorts figured conspicuously, closed 4@%c
! net hiifher. July closed S04c; September,
|M4c: December. SU*c.
HOPS-^-DuH: Pacific Coast, 1002 crop, lt>Sf
21c; 1001 crOD. 10Q15c; olds, 4f/5c.
HIDKfi— Qulel.
WOOL— Firm.
i SUGAR— Raw. flrra: fair refining. 3 3-16c;
! centrifugal. Ort teit, 3 11-16C; reflntd, firm.
¦ COFFEE — The market for coffee future*
closed quiet and unchanged. Sal«s were onl>
250 basB. September. 3.80c. Spot Rio, quiet;
I No. 7 invoice. 5Vic: mild, easy.
DRIED FRUITS.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
LONDON. July 21. — A amall supply was of
fered at the wool auction sales to-day. . Bid
ding was brisk ar-d price* were much steadier
than they were last week.
LONDON. July 21.— The offering* at the
wool auction a lies to-day numbered lO.OtO
bales. CroMbreda were In fair supply, suit
able parcels being taken for America.
Scoureds were in good demand, but Merinos
were frequently withdrawn on account of the
low bldv
London Wool Sales %
?T. LOUIS. July 21.— WOOL— Fairly active.
Combine. 18g22c; light fine. ir.gi.Sc: heavy
fine, 12tJ13c: tub washed. 200204c.'
St. Louis Wool Market
Retail Meat Prices.
Peaches. 4354c; Pears. 4£44e for quarters
and 5®«4c for halves; Nectarines. 48*; for
white; Plum*. 4£ttc for pitted and ICI'jC for
unpttted; Figs. 34@4c fcr black and 4t{5c
for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2H<J2He fcr the four
sizes, with 491c premium for the large »lzes.
RAISINS— 1D02 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose • Muscatels. 50-lb boxes. &Uc per
Ib: 3-crown. 5* t c; 4-crown. 6c: Seedless, loose
Muscatels. 5c: Seedless Sultanas. 5c: Seed!ess
Thompsons. &4c; 2-crown London Layer*. 2O
1b boxes, $1 4O per box: 3-crown. 41 5O-. 4
crown fancy clusters. 2i>lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes. $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresao. fancy.
1-lb cartons. 7*;c; choice. 74c-
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 sofuhell. 124ffl3c;
No. 2. 1049114c; No. 1 hardshell. 114tfl2c;
No. 2. 10"gl04c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
104011c (or 1 X U 10®loVic for Ne Pius Ul
tra and StJ34c for Lanraedoc: Peanuts. 5#7c
for Eastern; Pecans, 11313c: Cocoanuts. $4 5«j
65.
HONEY — Comb, new, nominal: new water
white extracted. 5 L j'g6c: light amber extract
ed. ."?;"> j •; dark, nominal. »
EEE5WAX-27©2J)c per Ib.
Receipts of new Potatoes were liberal and
prices- were lower, but the market was fairly
trtive and cleaned up well. Fancy stock moved
off well under a fair local demand and there
was some inquiry 'or medium grades for ship
ment to the Southwest, the low prices having
stimulated the demar.d. Offering? of Early
Rose and Garnet Chiles were limited and
prices were largely nominal. Old Oregon Bur
banks were easy. Onions were dull and lower,
with stocks steadily accumulating.
Choice Green Corn and Bell Peppers were the
firmest articles In the vegetable line, supplies
of both being limited. Asparagus and Peas
continued to sell off well at steady price*.
Other vegetables arrived freely and prices gen
erally had a downward tendency. A large
portior of the receipts of Tomatoes wert green
and the top quotation was obtained only for
choice ripe offerings. Easier prices ruled for
Cucumbers. Summer Squash and Green Okra.
supplies being too heavy for the market to
absorb. Strinx Beans and Chile Peppers were
POTATOES — New White, 50cf?$l 10 per ctl
in raefcs and 65cS$l 25 In boxes; Early Rose,
75cC?l: Garnet Chiles, $1§1 15; old Burbanks
from Oregon. $1 2t<gl 50 per ctl.
ONIONS— E5^e5c per ctl. ..
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. $1 25^1 i5 per
sack: crates from Alameda. $1 254J2: _ from
Berkeley. $1 25gl 50: Asparagus. *1&1. oO per
box- Green Peas. 3«|4c per 1b: String Beans.
24£*c per lb; ,Wax. 24©4c; Lima Beans, .c
per Ib- Tomatoes, 5»;igeoc for small boxes and
$1 50@2 for lanre boxes from the river; Sum
mer Squash, 5C«K5c per box; Cabbage, 75c@«l
per ctl; Carrots. 75cffU per sack: Cucumbers.
•JiS.ICc per box for Marys^llle and jCS»5c tor
bay: Garlic. 24<33c per Ib: Dried Peppers. 5c
per Ib: Gretn Peppers. toc€$l per box for Chi.e
knd *i 75<g2 for Bell; Green Okra. 73©!>5c per
box; Egg Plant. $181 50 per box.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS^ — Brown Mustard, 'nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax, $1 9C@2: Canary. 54c
for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape. I".fi2i-r ;
Timothy. ts©64c: Hemp. 3i' ( Q34c per Ib: Mil
let. 3@34c: Broom Corn Seed. $18320 per ten.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $2g2 25 per ctl.
The chipping movement In Beans Is now
about a carload a day — just enough to redeem
the market from stagnation. The feeling Is
steady and price* are unchanged. There Is
nothing doing in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 60^3 70; Pea. W 25ft
3 50; Butters. $3 25: small White, ft 1593 30;
large White. $2 00(ff3 15: Pink, $2 R503 10;
Red. $2 90(83: Lima. $3 4593 t'O: Red Kidneys,
nominal: Blackeye, (2 5C&3 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 25 31 35.
Beans and Seeds.
BOSTON. July 21. — Many woolen,manufac
turer*, fearing n sttuction somewhat similar
to that which has confronted cotton mill men.
have come Into the market of lite for large
supplies of raw material. i-'nU.i have been
enormous, almost reaching the unusual total
Cf 10.000.000 -pounds last week. The rrnrket
Is gradually strengthening Irv tone with prices
steadily tending upward on all grades. Tha
only weak point in the situation is the reluc
tance of manufacturers to advance the prices
of coods. The new clip Is fast disappearing
from the West.' In the Territorial. «ectlons thera
is little that is desirable left, except in Mon
tana. In that State large salts ar» being made
every day ah-J the latest advices say trm the
tendency of prices Is. upward. The top.prlce
of the seascn was 17 4c, raid for a. well
known cllr> by a Boston house, which price
wa* exactly half a cert higher than paU for
the «ame clip a year ago.
S&Ies: New Northern, choice, -lfi 22?: aver
age, 181?lftc; middle counties. l«t*l"c: frith*
ern. 12#lf!c. Oregon — Eastern staple, 170184;
clothing. 14S16c. Territory — Idaho, fine. \*ii
15c: fine medium, 164<B17VSc; medium, lift
184c: Wyoming, fine, 14@15c: fine medium,
I«4iffl7c; medium, lt<4ftlOc: Utah and Ne
vada, fine. 15911k;; fine medium. 17318c; me
dium. 19820c: Dakota, fine; l.VOlfic; fine me
dium. 16441174c: medium. 10820c: Montana,
fine, choice. 18©10c: fine average, l(54©174e:
fine medium, choice, is©19c: average. 17<»
174c: Colorado. New Mexico, etc.. fine. 110
12c; fine medium. HglBc: medium, 15910c;
coarse, 14@l!c.
Boston Wool Market.
Local stocks cr.d bonds still inactive.
Silver dropped back %c. Sterling and Domestic Exchange higher
Wheat Urm and in demand. Freights lozv and dull.
Barley slightly higher again. ¦ Oats steady.
Corn very scarce and nominal. R\c quiet.
Flour inactive. Millstufts in fair demand.
Lively times in Hay last Saturday and Sunday. , \
Bran end Middlings firm, with light offerings.
Small daily shipments of Beans oi'crland. Seeds dull.
Butter and Cheese unsettled. Eggs higher again.
Small sales of new Dried Fruits at steady prices.
Provisions still plentiful and weak at packing points.
Wool nrm and moving off well. Hides easy. Tallow loiver.
Hops quoted steady and fairly active from second hands.
Beef rather lourr and easy. Mutton in moderate supply.
Live and dressed Hogs as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Onions in large supply and lozi-er.
Poultry weaker and Game firmer.
Ccol Zi-cather operating more or less against Fresh Fruit.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
I rario an.l Southern issues. Lake Erie and West
| ern preferred, Brooklyn Ra; M Transit. Metro
; politan Street Railway, Pacific Coast and Peo
ria .and Kaetern.
There was the usual large crop of rumors,
I but nothing definite could be learned. At seme
i of the banks which have close Wall street cun
j nectior.s it was «ald that a number of loaui>
I ha<l been called.
Much of to-day's selling was for out of town
j account. The West was again a very heavy
seller; the gossips declared that a prominent
St. Loots Interest had been forced to sell out A
line of 4U.CUU sliar*s.
The day v.-as not without some news of a fa
vorable character. The quarterly report for
the Tennessee Coal and Iron Company showed
I surplus increases of over $500,000, with an In-
I create of almost $OOO.WO for the half year. In
. *-pit- of this, the stock was among the. weakest
I In the list.
The steady decline In the Steel stocks created
I great uneasiness.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stc-.k — Sales. Hlrh. Low. Close.
1 Atohison 10.000 64»i tt{«^ 63*.
' Atchlson pfd 2,eOO )*S4
' Dalt &- Ohio 14.600 S2 M«i S2
; B?lt & Ohio pfd... 400 »14 904 01
I Canadian Pacific... 7.100 122S 121W 1214
! Central of N J 153
j Chesa & Ohio 2.400 .13«, t :«*, 32 s ;
1 Chicago & Alton... l.CdO 24 4 21 . 24 '
'Chi & Alton pfd... 200' «6 6tf BO
Chi & Great West. B.5CO ' 17 lti?i 16»»
C & O W. B pfd.. 200 34 ¦ 34 S.%44
Ctil & ?C W. V 2.400 1*M Vl«2li' 1B24
Chi Term Tran»... 1.200 12 10U 10^
I Chi T Trans pfd... 10<t 21 'i ' 20 20
! C. C, C i St L lrtO 74 7» 73V»
i Colo Southern 2.20<> 14 13 13»,
J Colo South lrt pfd. 200 50 flo 50
Colo South 2d pfd. «W /224 21*4 21»i
j Delaware & Hud... !>00 167 \W 1W
I Dal. Lack & West. 100 2H!Wi 239^ 237
; Den & Rio Grande. 4«o 24*i 24H 24V
; Den & Rio G pfd.. NX> 7SiJ 7*V, 7««J
Erie 3O.CO0 30*, 29».g 2O'»
! Erie 1st pfd 6.400 «7 63^4 «51 a
i Erie I'd pfd 5.000 51 Vi 4S**» 30
, Great North ptd... .100 17« 176 175
: Hocking Valley ... 75V4
Hocking Val pfd.. 300 S7 S5 K6
Illinois Centra .... 4.500 130 12S»i 120H
Iowa Central 21
Iowa Central pfd 30^
: Kansas Oty South. 100 20*; 20ft 21
Kan City Sou pfd X*%
Louis & Nash «.10O l<>6»i 105 104*!
Manhattan Elev... 2.300 i:«2 131 H 131 J?
Met Street Ry «.40O 117^ US'-, 115%
M<nn & St L 7.".
Missouri Pacific ... 2..100 OS JM»; »7»i
Mo. Kan & Texas. 1.200 19*i 19tt 19
M.-K&Tpfd 300 40 30^ 39»i
Nat R R of Mex.. U}\ s
N R R of M pfd.. «00 ?.a 3.«S' .""Vj
New York Central. 23.000 11«>j llfl^ 117V;
Norfolk & West... 2.400 CIV, «1»^ (Kt'.i
Ncr & West pfd... 2.200 SSVi HS4 88
Ontario & West fi.300 2.1 22>4 224
Pennsylvania 27,.VK> 121 12»H 12<J»»
P C. C & St L 400 69 63V4 67
Reading 33.500 49U 4&h 4** 8
Reading l*t pfd... K<> 81 81 bl
Reading 2d pfd 20rt «7»i 67^ «7H
Rock Island Co.... 2.400 25% 24 24H
Rock Island Co pld 3.9C0 t» 64 . 64%
St V & San Fran M
St U A 8 F 1st pfd «S ;
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1.100 50 4S 4S? t
St. L & S W 200 14%; 14 14i^
St L * S W pfd... ««> SI 32 32b
St Paul 30.000 141?i lint, ltO-H
Kt Paul pfd 600 172 172 170
Southern Pacific... 21.7f>0 45^ 44U 44tj
Southern Railway.. 6,400 21% 21 21 ,
South Ry pfd 100 S3% R5»; 85
Texas £ Pacific. . 2.000 26»i 25* t 2i\
T. Ft I.. & W 1,200 21 21 10*;
T. St L & W pfd.. 1.200 33U 30 29% |
Union Pacific 32.700 76% 75Vi 75^
l.'nlon Pacific pfd 85
WahaFh 1.20O 21% 21ri 214
Wabash pfd 4.S00 tiKV, 3TH 37Vi !
Wheel £c Lake Erie 3<*> 1ST, 19 1, 18 ;
Wisconsin Central. 2.40O 17 16 164
Wis Cent pfd 400 07>i Sb«i 36&
Express Companies—
Adams 212
American 300 178 178 178
United States .... 400 100«i 100 V4 l"0
Wells-Fargo 1S5
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 52.800 4<?H 44^ 44%
Am Car & F 1.500 33 t, ;«^ 3.1U
Am Car & F pfd.. 100 51 *<5 M*i
Am Linseed Oil.... 100 10 10 10
Am Linseed Oil pfd 500 32 32 30
Am Locomotive ... 2.500 IS 17 17
Am Locomotve pfd TOO SI 81 84
Am S & Refin 2.200 124 -lit; 424
Am S * Refin pfd. 2.600 01 !» W«» '894
Am Sugar Refln... lO.ftOO 114 112>i 113
Anaconda Mln Co.. 3.S00 79«,S 77^ 7*
Bklyn Rapid Tran. 20.RW 4S 45S 3«4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 500 504 4» 49
Ol & Hock Coal.. 300 15 15 15
Consolidated Gas .- 500 1*0 Ittn; ¦ 1*3 •
General Electric .. 1.100 162 1C0U 162
Intfr Paper 100 U% 134 «4
Inter Paper pfd... 100 67 «7 «««4
Inter Pump "00 3. 3C4 32
Inter Pump pfd... 74
National niscult .. 500 37H 37 364
National L*ed .... • 100 15U UH 15^
North American . . 400 82 SO SO
Pacific. Mall «00 214 21 . 21
Peoples Gas ..... 3.400 93«4 03 «; 034
Pressed S Car ... &00 WK "4> 45
Preeeed 8 Car pfd. 300 84^ . 34% 84
Pullman Pal Car.. 300 2014 20Hi 201 .
Republic Ste*l .... 1,700 12»i .12*4 12*,
Republic Steel pfd. . 1.R00 70 67 . «7
Rubber Good* 200 20 20 19^i
Rubber Goods pfd. BOO <S i3 74
Ter.n C &Iron.... U' 400 45 ?i 41^* "4
U S Leather 50 S 7*i ¦ 7S
U 8 Leather pfd.. S00 81' S0?» 8O4
U 3 Rubber •• •••• 114
V S Rubber pfd... 400 474 47 4«4
XT fi Steel 137.500 25 W 22%
U S Steel pfd 5O.9O0 74 70 70H
Western Union .... 1,200 S3 82UV 824
Total rales . •". t .617.200
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
N'EW YORK. July 21. — United Rallroadsof
Ean Francisco bond transactions: 3000 at 764;
5C0O at 7tt%-
NEW- YORK BONDS.
U 8 rcf 2s.*reg..lO«H;St««l 78U
Do coupon .*.... lOdJi'ManhatUn 100
Do St. reg ....105$i[L & N unified 4s. 08S
Do coupon 108H Mex Central 4s.. 724
Iio new 4«. reg. 134 W Do let lac . 19
Do coupon 1354} Minn A St L 4s.. 904
Do old -4s. reg. Ill M.^K & Tex 4b.. M%
Do coupon Ill Do 2ds ........78
Do 6s. reg .••.101%!n Y C gen34s.. 9«
Do coupon ......103 •- N JC gen 6s 128%
AtCh gen 4s W« Nor Pac 4s ..:..IOOJ4
Do adj 4s «7 Do Ss ......... 71^
Bal & Ohio 4s. ...100% Nor & W con 4s.. 97*
Do 34s W Reading gen 4s.. 04*4
Do conv 4s ... .100 St L & I M con5s.ll!
Can So 2ds 106 St L & 8 F 4s... O64
Central of Ga fis.1034 St Louts SW lsts. roi-v
Do 1st inc ;....1O3 I Do 2cU U ,
and 414 for the preferred. In the May 9 panic
of 1901 the common sold at 24 and the pre
ferred at C9. To-day's drop was in the face
of open buying by banking interests which con
ducted the corporation's syndicate transactions.
The financial authorities of the corporation de
clined to be officially quoted as to the truth of
the rumors. that the next dividend on the com
mon was to be paeeed. The usual rumors cir
culated also that the urgent liquidation was due
to .financial embarrassment by this or the other
Important capitalist. But the market seemed
to take these rumars with a good deal of equa
nimity and there was a considerable absorption
of standard railroad stocks, so that* price* In
many instances rose at one time a point or more
over last night. New York Central was in no
table demand. There was a demand for this
stock also in the loan crowd on the exchange,
which caused an Impression that a considerable
chert interest had been built up In the stock.
The thorts were an elemant In the~buylng at
other pcints. There was little . In the day's
new* to explain the action of the market. The
Weather Bureau's weekly crop bulletin was
considered less than reassuring as to the spring
wheat situation, and the action of the whole
market confirmed this impression. The only
notable effect In the securities market was a
sharp decline In the Burlington joint 4s. Great
Northern preferred, however, jumped six points
In the face of the general movement of the
market. Denial* were forthcoming of some of
the recent rumors of annual borrowings by rail
road corporation*, but the possibility began to
be canvase?d that Improvements would be cut
off. except where necessary to be carried out
because already entered on. rather than venture
ijt temporary loans In the present stringency of
tTie money market. News of railroad earnings
were favorable, the Louisville and Nashville
¦<n>1 the Illinois Central making guxl returns of
net earnings for June.
There were weak spot* In the bond market,
but the market as a whole was irregular. To
tal sales (par value). S2.377.0CO.
United States bonds were unchanged on Iasl
call.
Bear attack*, coupled with further forced
liquidation, resulted in a new low level for a
numbrr of securities in to-day's stock mar
ket. Declines ranged from 15 points to 3.
while inmc of the better grade stocks showed
losses of a point or more.
Hallway shares of the better class were mod
erately firm, but in little demand, and there
was no evidence of "bargain buying" In these
Issues. The attack on prices began at the
opening and wa* continued with more or lees
regularity throughout the day. In fact, lowest
prices for some ixsues came almost at the close.
The United States Steel shares were most
severely pounded, with net losses of 2% ani
:>> in the common »n1 preferred respectively.
Sales of these stocks aggregated over 1m!,»"hmi
shares, over 132. ouo shares cf common chang
ing hands. Trading In the Steel stocks com
prised considerably more than one-fifth of the
day's business. Steel common ctosed at 22. a
low record figure, while the preferred stock
touched 70.
Besides the Steel issues, the lowest prices
ever recorded were scored by Tennesssee Coal
and Iron. Colorado Fuel and Iron. Republic
Iron and Steel preferred. United States Realty
and Virginia-Carolina Cnemicei. In the rail
way group there were new records In Rock Isl
and common and preferred. Kansas and Texas
preferred, Chicago Terminal. Big Four, Colo-
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 14,000; to-morrow,
28.000; left over. 3000: choice, steady: otlwrs,
5c to 10c lower;' mixed and butchers. $5 SO<S>
5 75;good to choice heavy. $5 50-&5 70; ropgh
heavy. $5 25<?5 50; light. $3 40^5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 10.000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers. $3 6O&4; fair
t6 choice mixed. $3@3 60: Western sheep.
f3 23«4 25: native Iambs, ?4S6 35; Western
lambs, $5 50@«.
CHICAGO. JUly 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
3500. including 1500 Texans: Western, steady:
good to prime steer*, $5 20#5 55: poor to me
dlum, $4 25®5 15; stockers and feeder*. $2 50®
4 60: cows. $1 6034 50; heifers. $2 2.1-S.". 15;
canners. $1 «X?2 50; bulls, $2 254?4 35: calves,
$3 50tf6 40; Texas fed steers. $3 50Q5.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
0
The shipment includes 7016 boxes of pears. 2024
boxes of plums. 10,000 boxes of peaches and WO
boxes of prunes. ThU fruit should arrive in
London next Thursday. Just two weeks after
leaving California.
Cons for money.02 3-161 N Y Central 12f»U
Cons for account. 92UINor & Western.. 04
Anaconda 4*i • Do pfd 91
Atchl«on «** Ont & Western.. 23^4
Do pfd VO*i Pennsylvania t«
Bal & Ohio 85 Rand Mines 10^
Can Pacific 124% Reading 25
Che* & Ohio 34Vi Do 1st. prd.... 42
Chi Great West.. l"Vi Do 2d pfd 35
Chi. Mil & S P. .l*4ti So Railway 22 U
De Beers 20U| Do. pfd 894
Den & Rio G 25*i.^o Pacific 40H
Dd pfd ... v 81 Union Pacific 77S
Erie 31 Do pfd 884
Do 1st pfd ti7?» U S Steel 25V»
Do 2d pfd 53 Do pfd 77>i
111 Central VOt Wabash 22Vs
I.ouls &. Naih 10!) Do pfd 30
M. K & Texas.,.. 20?j - .'.
Bar silver— Steady, 25 7-16J per ounce.
Money — 1»;©2 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
*hort bills is - l t per cent and for three months'
bills 2S oer cent.
Miscellant^us— Quincy 98
Amer Sugar 113 Santa Fe Copper. I
Do pfd 11S4 Tamarack "84
Amer T*l & Tel. .13Hi|Trtmounta!n *t
Dom Iron & Steel. 1 4 *«¦ Trinity" 4»i
Gen Electric l«0 (United States .... l« T i
Mass Electric ... 2UJ Utah 24
Do pfd 80 Victoria 3
United Fruit 101 Wlnoaa 7V,
U S Sttel ~U Wolverine 6'JS
Do p.'d ...: 70 .
¦ LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Adams Con 101 Little Chief Oft
Alice ,.... IS Ontario 6 50
Breece 15 Ophlr :.... 130
BrunBWlck Con... . '04 Phoenix . 0*
Com Tunnel 07 Potosl 20
Con Cal & Va... 1 25 Savage l 40
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev 4*
Iron Silver ...:.. 1 «0 Small Hopes 25
Lead vllle Con ... ,05; Standard 2 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .' • * 1 Westing Com ...85
Call loans 3%#4V4 Mining—
Time loans ..4*1/*^ Adventure 4*£
Bonds — ' Allouez .......... 44
Atchlson 4b OS 4 Amal Copper 44 %
Mex Central 4s... 72 Blngham 22»i
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.425
Atehlson «34 Centennial 10VV
Do pfd S7 T * Copper. Range ... 404
Boston & Albany.245 I Dom Coal 85H
Boston & Main*. 165 | Franklin 7V t
Boston E>v 13* Isle Royale 6%
N Y. N H & H...100 Mohawk 36'a
Fltchburg pfd 131 Old Dominion ... 11
Union Pacific .... 75S Osceola 40
Mex Central 1» ¥j Parrot 1"4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Ches & Ohio 4 4*. 102*4 S A & A Pass 4s. 77
Chi & Alton 3Ws. 74% So Pac 4s .. 85
C. B & Q new 4s. 89H 6o Railway 5s....ll2Vi
C,M A StP gn 48.107 Tex '& Pac lsts.,114
C4 NW con 7S...13OU T.St L & W 4s.. 74
C, R I & Pac 4S..100 Union Pac 4s. ....100
C.C.C & StL gn 4s 95 Do conv 4s.... 03
Chi Term 4s 78 Wabash lsts 114%
Colo & So 4s . 87 Do 2ds .... 10*
Den &Rlo G 4s..- 98 Do deb B 624
Erie prior Hen 4s. 97 West Shore 4s 107 %
Do gen 4s 82 W & L Erie 4s.. 90
F W &. D C lsts. 104 Wi* Central :4s... 87
Hocking Val 44». 104*4 Con Tobaccos 57
Pennsylvania .... 94% Colo Fuel '. 804
Rock Island "8% .
amounted to 10.000 tons, while those la Hollis
ter and San Benito were much Urger. It ap
pears that the farmers were the gainers In this
business, for after holding out stubbornly for
some time they compelled the dealers to pay
their asking prices. Some dealers go • > far
as to say that all the crop has been bought up.
while others, more conservative, doubt whether
half the crop has b«en secured. But the fact
remains that the dealers have got at least the
lion's, chare of the Hay. and that no. lower
prtcts.are looked for this season. The market
Is now very firm.
There is little change In Bran and Middlings.
but they are strong and In light supply.
BRAN— $2* 50«25 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27fi30 cer ton.
SHORTS — $24823 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22g23 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2t*e26 50;
Jobbing. J27S27 50: Oocoanut Cake. $20321:
Corn Meal. $27 50f?2S 50; Cracked Corn, $2s 50
©20 50: Mixed Feed. $22tf23; Horse Beans.
$3C per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $12314; Wheat and
Oat. $11@13; Oat. $lOgl2 60; Barley. $9 5O311;
Clover. $1*310; Stock, $3#9; Alfalfa, $S©10 per
ton.
STRAW— 35360c rer bale.
THE SAN FBAKC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1903.
. NEW TORK. July ;.21.— The ¦ first shipment
of California fruit for the London market will
go out to-morrow by the steamship £t Fauj,
California Fruit Shipment.
It leaked out' yesterday that there- was con
siderable excitement In the country Hay mar
kets last Saturday and Sunday. On those two
days San . FrancUco and other large dealer*
went out Into the Sonoma. Livermore. Hollltter
and other , important districts and bought -up
everything they could lay their hands on. The
sale* In Llvermore during those :'. two days
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW. TORK.. July 21.— Cotton opened
eteady at an advance of 2 to «'f>olnis.' closed
steady at a net advance of .T$30 points.
NezO York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. July 21.— The stock market
made a pretty cood stand during the greater
part cf the day against scattered liquidation of
the same kind *s that of yesterday. But the
slump In the United State* Steel stocks at the
end of the day cost the market about atl the
trains that bad be«n achieved In the course of
the day's trading. Other specialties scored
losses of fairly sensational proportions, but they
were with no euch inflnence upon sentiment as
the headlong downward plunge In the Ln'.ted
States Steel stocks. The common sold at 22
•nd the preferred, with the quarterly dividend
o? l«i deducted since yesterday, sold at 70.
makli* extreme declines of l«i fcr.the common
New York Stock Market.
COAL— Wellington. 15 per ton; New Welling
ton. S3: Seattle. $fl 50; Bryant. 16 30: Rostyn.
$7; Coos Bay. *5 50; Grtta. $7; Wallaend. $7 50:
Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Welch Anthracite Eyg. $1.1;
Welsh Lump. $11.50; CanneL $8 60 per ton;
Coke. $11 50Q13 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
20OO lbs and $8 5O per ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per Ib. 4%i«;
rases, regular. 5c: cases, extra Urge. 5He:
Eastern style. <c: boneless. 6e; "Norway." 6c:
There Is no further change* to report. The
few new evaporated .Apples coming In are sell
ing at 54c the new Peaches at 4 4tj5c for
fair average stock, and the new Pears at 7c.
New Apricots are steady and moving off well
at the quotations established at the beginning
of the season. There Is not much, doing in
new Prunes.' though there are continued reports
that Europe Is getting a few at 3c basis for
Santa, Claras, with outside stock (haded. - The
market for this fruit, however, has not yet
opened and late reports show packers and
growers firm in their views and not disposed
to make concessions In view of the crop failure
In Europe. visJasW l «Mn0WHpsVwB0sM*|
The Honey market continues quiet,- with
sales of the new crop at the quotations below.
FRUITS — New Apricots. 7©$c: old Evap
orated Apples, 4 S3 He; sun-dried, *H?4c;
"Narrow Gauge." 6%c: "SHver King." THc;
blocks, "Oriental." 6c; block*. Seabrtght. 6Hc:
tablets 7c: middles. 7C$He: boneless, $g»c;
pickled Cod, bbls, |7 50; pickled Cod. hajf obis,
$ I 7.V
COIFFEE— Co«ta Rica — 121»lSHc for strictly
i prime to fancy washed. llf?H*»c for prime.
, washed. l(H4Qlle for eroo.-J washed. 949111)0
1 for good to prime washed peaberry. *%S9i;s
for good to prime peaberry. MHOHe for good
to prime. 7©S*ie for fair. 4$6*ic for common
to ordinary.
Salvador — ll©12c fcr strictly prim« washed.
I 8*«©104c tor goo>J to prime washed. 74ff*o
j for fair washed, HtflOHc for fair to prime
washed peaberry. $8**ic for good to prim?
stmi-washed. 7SC8c for superior unwashed.
f ' Continued on Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
jfes fe fe
THE FINAL SALE
—or—
Trotting Horses
From SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased).
Will Take Place
THIS DA?.
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1903.
Commencing at 10:30 a. rn.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
24C Third St.. S. F.
This sale Includes all the mares, eolts. geld-
ings and fillies on the farm. Among then are
many with records, and seven three-year-olds,
that have trotted quarters better tbaa 85 sec-
ond*, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (stre.
of Lon Dillon. 2:03% champion): Direct. 2:05 s *:
Pal<» Alto. 2:08)4: Inferna. 2:24H: Altamont.
2:24; Beau B. 2:16%; L. W. Russell. Almonl-
tlon. 2:24%. etc.. out of famous broodmares—
the finest Individuals as well as the choicest
bred ever led. Into a sales ring. All are thor-
oughly broken. . handsome and gentle. They
represent the result of many years' stttdy on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after hlgri
class trotter* and pacers, splendid brc4dnr»res>
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, wtll get
what they want at this sale. It wtll be tha
last opportanlty ta get such well-bred hor»e»
at aucUcn. No reserve or limit: every animal
must be sold. Catalogues Issued Tueiday.
July 14. Horses at salesyard July 19.
WM. G. LAYNO. Livestock Auctioneer.
£a* fc* -^
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OF
HORSES WAGONS HARNES3
WEDNESDAY. July 22. at 11 a. in.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH
ST. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN IIX'KKCI&COV CALL, WEDNESDAY^ JULY 22, 1903.
12
WAXT^^Af^--Cna.
AT THE_CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND . UTAH
. • » S. P. CO.'S OWN WORK.
600 laborers. $1 75 to $2 25 a day
100 section men in all parts of California.*
WE SHIP DAILY.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen $3 a day. - t
MENDOCINO CO.— CASPAR.
«• BIG LUMBER CO.
10 tunnelmen $2 75 a day
10 muckers and teamsters $2 25 a day
* 10 laborers $2 a day
10 men for mills and yards. $30 to $00 a
month and board. FREE FARE.
CHICO. BUTTE COUNTY.
CHEAP FARE.
50 teamsters and rockmen..... .$2 80 a day
60 laborers and axmen $2 25 a day
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE. OREGON.
25 coal miners $1 a ton
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Second cook. $43; 2 housemen, $25; night bell-
boy. $30: bellboy, $15; dishwasher, $30; pot-
washer. $30; pantry man, $30; help waiter,
$25. R. A. Brown, cook, call at this office.
A COACHMAN for a private family, wages
$45 and found: a second butler for family,
wages $30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St., near Powell.
THE Golden West Beneficiary Employment As-
sociation, 24 Drumm et.— 1 kitchen man. $8
per week, one day off; 2 stable men, 20 labor-
ers, 3 women cooks, S waitresses and cham-
bermaids, 2 pantry girls, girls for candy fac-
tory.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations sooi;
applicants prepared by mail. Write to Dept.
M., Polytechnic Business College, Oakland,
Cal., for free information.
WANTED — Young man who can run an elec-
trical lever elevator. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
PHARMACIST in manufacturing department:
give age, experience and references. Box
4fO2. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced male stenographer
about 23 years of age; state salary expected
and references. Box 4603. Call office.
WANTED — Boy .with horse to carry morning
paper; must reside in the. Mission. Call, 338
Thirtieth St., between tt and 7 p. m. - '
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair; foot- form
shoes at $2 50; we pay. express charges. H
Third st.. Examiner big.; catalogue tent free.
RELIABLE boy about 1«. $4 50 start: extract
dept. Apply PAUL RIEGER. 161 Flrst^st.
GERMAN boy to learn the plumbers' trade.
WM. LOANE. 439 Fifth st. V^- -~
BOY about 10. wholesale house, $4 50 start;
references required. Box 4212. Call office.
WANTED — A good dishwasher. 236 Townsend
street. ¦ . ¦ ¦' . vV^--
WANTED — Man for kitchen work. 35"Market
. street. •:
GOOD bootblack wanted at California Hotel
barber shop. .
HELPER for "general blacksmith ¦ shop. W.
HOPPE. Baden, San Mateo County.
BOY not over 18 years for beer bottling estab-
llshment. Call at 1510 Ellis st. :-.'- \
WAITER wanted. 613 Clay st. -> .
GOOD barber wanted Wednesday evening, Sat-
urday and Sunday. 515 Hayes st. J
CANDYMAKER. go<ld all-round man. for re-
tall store. Box C. Call Branch, 300 Hayes.
WANTED — Boy to learn trade and do errands.
13 Trinity st., bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
WANTED — Second cook and. dishwasher at
New Golden Gate Hotel, 164 Fourth st.
TWO experienced cylinder press feeders. 520
Market st. ' ' ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
malt charges. 11' Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — For the U. B. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and writs
English: marines' serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land In our Isl- |
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.: 222% N. Main
St.; Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st.. Sacra*
inento, Cal.
YOUNG man to take charge of cash and who
can-keep complete set of books; also short-
hand and typewriting; must be able to give
first-class references and bond; good salary.
Box 4204, Call office. : -
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. Placervllle, Cal., or room 14.
20 Montgomery st, San Francisco Construe-
. tlon Co.* ' _^ :
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50. or orthopedic
shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St., Examiner building. 5 doors from Manctt.
PICK hops in August: enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery et.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
- months to : complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
. Moler System Barber College; 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that: Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
"iruns Denver House,- .17 Third. St.; 150 large
rooms;. 25c per night; $1 60 to $3 per week.
WANTED — A bookbinder for all round work
in forwarding and finishing. 'Apply SAN-
BORN. VAIL & CO. 741 Market st.
WANTED — A ¦ baker, second hand, on bread;
wages $10 per week. I. S. MULFORD, Eu-
reka. C»l. . ,.
EXPERIENCED building' and loan- men; new
' territory; salary and commission. Box IS'JO,
Call office.^f :-. •.:¦¦' • • .-. :
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50;' we pay express or
mail ' charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
BARBERS, attention— Shaving parlor for. sale;
living rooms.: Inquire 1541 Geary st." \
'A BOY about 16 for dry goods department. M.
: FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post st.
FOR sale or lease— 2 chair barber : shop; rea-
¦ . sonable. 1034 Golden Gate ave." -
WANTED — Competent gardener '¦ and • wife.
Apply between 9 and 10. 2304 Van Ness ave.
PANTS finishers wanted' by • S. - N. WOOD &
... CO. .Apply i at 27 Geary- st. ..-•¦-'. - 0
BOY wanted to learn pants pressing. 259 Ste-
.: venson'st., bet; .Third and Fourth. -
BARBERS— Shop: '¦ 2 ' chairs; > 4 ; living-rooms;
• lease; snap.' : 230S Howard st.'
RELIABLE cash boys. S. N. WOOD & CO..
> 740 : Market st. • •
BOY-' In 'tin; shop;;- learn trade; age 10 years.
633 MlBslon st. i > . .
WANTED— Men- to learn barber trade; ", cata-
logue. , 8. jF.: Barber. College. 741A Howard. '
WINCHESTER* Hotel/ 44 Third st-V near Mar-
ket — 700 brooms;- 35c 'nlghtr reading rooms;
'¦',- free -/bus and' barca-a to- and from -f«r— ». .
V; HELP WANTED—MALE — Con.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 5S4S. PHONE MAIN M4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT*
MADE US FAMOUS. -___,_,_
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
• MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1WW We'll Give
45\0C0 Men Work. «. . 60.000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU :. FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden. Utah. All Parts Nevada.
Los Angeles .County, Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana. — Oregon.
San Fernando. Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona. Wllllts. Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST,
SOUTH. INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fenca
builder?, drillers, single, double and machine
men, earner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck lenders, .car dumpers, teamaters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, -ivaiters. engineers,
Wacksmlths, etc.. $5, $4. $3 50. $3. $2 50 and
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? - ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
WKAT IS IT? ~
40 laborer! for -oods. In timber, etc.; no
experience wanted; $40 and found.
WHERE -IS IT?
MONTEREY COUNTY. YOUR FARE PAID.
MURRAY &' READY. 634-636 Clay St.
TO PARADISE— BOSS HERE. .
65 teamsters", laborers, $75.
55 drillers aiy] hammersmen, $75.
OREGON— FREE FARE.
26 coal miners, $3 to $5 day.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc., different divisions, lnclud- ,
Ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Obispo. Milton. !
Farmington, Gllroy " Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit. $75.
GOLD AND SILVER.
COPPER AN'D COAL.
96 miners, single and double hand, some 8
hours. $S5. |90.
16 timbermen, different Job-, $90.
165 muckers, different Jobs. $75.
3G4 laborers, no experience required. $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
265 drillers and hammersmen. $75, $85.
364 laborers, no experience required, $60.
$67 50 .
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work. Including
¦factories, excavating, buildings, mills, etc.,
$2 50 and $2 day. located In San Francisco
and all parts of California
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
j 164 hay and harvest hands, $1 50. $1 75, $2
an j $2 50 a day.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
263 general hands. 15 frftlt pickers. $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
96 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30,
$40 and $50 and found.
16 hay balera. 20c and 25c a ton
- STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCE3.
16 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75. $70
and $60.
20 choremen $40 $35. $30 and $35 and found.
MEN "AND WIVES.
16 farmers and wives, different Jobs. $70, $60.
$50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc. $85 $60. $50 and found.
564 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers..
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helper*, city and coun-
try, $3 50. $3, $2 50, $2 day.
9 wagon and carriage makers, $3 50, $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs, $4,
$3 5O, $3 day.
9 machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare, $50 and found.
15 coopers, lie: 5 carriage painters, $90; 8
brick molder?, $3 50 day; plasterers, $5 50;
structural iron workers. -
12 bench hands and paperers, fare $1, $2 25
' to *3 5O day. /¦
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
67 cooks, all over California. $90. $SO, $75.
$60, $50, $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloon?, harvest outfits, etc.
18 waiters, $35, $40. $30 and found.
3ft pot and dish washers, $3o, $30, $20 and
found.
IS bell and elevator boys, porters, bed-
makers. $30 to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $1S week up.
6 bakers and helpers. $35, $40, $30 and found.
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay St.
YOUR FARES PAID ~~ "
TO 80 SAWMILLS.
WOODS, YARDS, ETC.
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located In 4 States and 2 Territories.
S<>9 laborers without any experience, $35 to
$70 and found.
• ' 67 men for planing mills.
lrt full day crews for woods, mills; 0 night
crews for woods and mills.
126 men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages, $150, $100. $'JO, $SO, $7l>. $«U. $50. $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE TO FREE FARE
FRESNO.
25 laborers; call early; your railroad fare
FREE. /
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARE • B L FARE
TRUST.
Manager here; see h^G to-day. <
15 laborers, no experience wanted, $33 to $S0
and fu'.ind.
Swampers, line pullers, bakers, tree fellers;
sawyers. Jack screwers. $40 to $S0 and found;
big lumber company..
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BIG LUMBER SYNDICATE. '•
Located in Heart of Gold Mines.
2 Dolbeer loggers. $90; millwright, $100.
3 spool tenders, $00; 2 log loaders, $60.
8 buckers, $55; 5 two-horse teamsters, 160.
10 laborers to pile lumber, $60; S swampers,
$35 and found; machinist, $90; blacksmith,
little shoeing, $90; blacksmith helper, $«7 60;
blacksmith helper, woods, $07 50; man to
handle logs on dock, $67.50, board, etc., 45c
a day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
" MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONED TELEGRAPH and -MAIL.
Steward, country hotel. $40 to $50 found.
Young man about city paint store, $9.
LOOK!
Young man take charge of boys. $30 fd
Third cook. Eureka, $30; machlnUt. country;
private family choreman, $30 fd; camp cook,
$55; second cook, $40; also waiter, mine., $30
fd; picture framer; 3 boys, city factory. $«;
old man, butcher, ranch, fare $1: $30 fd;
stableman, mine town. $35 fd; sack sewer.
$75.
Tallyman, lumber company, boag here, $4 fd
TRACTION ENGINEER. $3 DAY.
3 men, 4 hours' work dally. $2 day.
3 boys, learn manufacturing trade. $15-$20
and found.
Solderer'for cans, country, 20c to 22^c hour
Horseshoer, camp, fare 30c, $3 day.
5 Austrian laborers, free fare.
Stableman, Alameda Co.. fare $1 SO. $30 fd.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
12 men among fruit, etc.. fare $1, $26 found.
LOOK!
Carriage setter, lumber company, boss here,
$3 75 day.
¦ Shingle sawyer, fare paid, north. $10 found.
Butcher, sl-ugnter-house. fare $2.
Boy, printing office, $6; baker's helper, $30.
2 beam hands, tannery. $2 to $2 25 a day.
German-Swiss milker, fare paid $35 found.
6 track laborers. R. R.. fare 15c, board In
hotels. $2 25 a day. steady Job.
Budder. nursery, $40, and found; 2 milkers,
60c fare, $35. "^
25 laborers to make shingle bolts, $7 50 per
hundred tolts ; tools, found, board 00c day.
FOR ONE SAWMILL.
Cook, $45: second cook. $40; dishwasher. $33;
waiter. $35. >
VIA SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA.
65 men. all classes of work.
Blacksmith, lumber company, $3 <j ay
S bellboys, $15.
3 mlnera. fare $4. It's a good mine $75.
Cook. 4 men. $20; cook. IS men. $40; cook 7
men,- $30; dredger, camp and ranch.
Crispmaker. $10 week; boy. hardware store
$4 to $6; private family choreman. $_5-
baker, shop, south. $50. v *
Second cook. $50; porter, city store $40
TOGETHER— FARE PAID '
Gang edgerman. $30 and* found; "saw flier
and hammerman. $S0 and found
Blacksmith, camp. city. $3; clerk.' good Job
LOOK! IT'S GOOD.
16 laborers, private Job. board yourselves
$2 23 day.
FREE TO WILLITS,' UKIAH.
26 teamsters and . laborers, free fare " SR7 v>
NEW WORK AND FREE FARE.
29 Austrlans. free fare. $_ to $3 d
26 Italians, free fare, $2 to $3 dav
65 Greeks, free fare. | 2 to $3 day
' 12 hay balers. * *
MIDNIGHT MURRAY & RE VDY
ORDERS^ 034-636 Clay 'st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Euroi>e and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. .
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
COc up: soling cheap. 023 Howard St.. nr. 3th!
PENSION atty.E.* A. Bullis. ro^, 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomjf Post,Q. A.R.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. * r
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 563 Mission ; St.. bet. 1st ¦ and 2d sts.
GET your shoes ; half ; soled ' while waiting- 25c
<*n B0c / 5«3 Mission st.. hot. 1st and 2d st*.
_ HELP WANTED— FEMALE — Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Hello. Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
20 -waitresses, different springs, fares pald..^
........•«.«.«•••••¦ $2o
Waitresses, commercial city hotels $25
Chambermaids, city, country resort ho-
hotels , *20
Chambermaid, wash silver and K lasSP ,f-
country $ 2 «
Fancy Ironer, Lake Tahoe. free fare both
• ways, excellent chance for two months va-
cation ..$35 and found
Starch Ironer -first-class resort $35 found
Cooks. . laundresses, chambermaids. .$20. $10
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, housegirls second girls, nurseglrls.
city and country $15. $30; call and read our
lists; woman and child, country, see party
here $25.
C. R. H ANSEX & CO 423 Bush Bt.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS,
¦ . • 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1S73 MISSION ST
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED.
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING .OPERATORS AND RIVETEKS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTpKli.
! 32% FREMONT ST. LEV! STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
I A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO..
656 Mission st.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists:
i good .wages: steady employment. 656 MIs-
elon St.. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children' • and in-
fante' wear: steady position; good wages. I.
MAGNIN & CO.. 050 Mission et.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish in 1 month
for $10; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton St.. rm. 13.
1 WANTED— Experienced, millinery saleswoman
to accept a position out of the otly; state
age, experience and salary expected. Address
box 4604. Call. ¦_ ' - ¦
WANTED— Experienced cloak and i.uit sales-
woman to go to a city not far from Pan
Francisco; state age, experience anl salary
expected. Address box. 4909. Call.
WANTED — Lady, cashier for restaurant; one
who would go out of city if necessary. Ad-
dress box 4209. Qill office.
GIRL about 14 assist - light housework: small
fami;y; sleep home; $8, 4546 Twentieth St.,
corner Douglass. ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladies'
tailor-made suits; steady position: cloak de-
partment. M. Friedman x & Co.. 237 Post st.
WANTED — Experienced | millinery saleswo-
man; state age, 1 experience and salary ex-
pected. Address box 4010, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN or German middle- aged wo-
man for family of two: If .wanted,' sleep at
home.- ASML'SSEN. 016 Capp st. . \_
UPSTAIRS Klrl to do plain washing, $30. Call
016 Leavenworth st.
WOMAN, light housework; plain cooking, small
family. 2600 Sacramento St., Wednesday.
GIRL for general housework; a good place tor
a good. girl. Apply- at 1404 McAllister vl.
GERMAN Klrl for general housework; $25 per
month. . 2314 California st. ,*.*
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; $12 to ?15.
1084 Post st.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 200
Minna st. __ .
YOUNG girl for second work and sewing; ref-
erences. Call Wednesday, 1117 Post st. '
WANTED— Experienced stenographer: one
who is familiar with the Smith Premier
typewriter. Apply between 0 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.' '
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
• very profitable cutlnc for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery at.. San Franc.aco.
i OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
EXPERIENCED, alteration bands on ladles*
tailor-made suits; steady position. Cloak
department. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post.
GIRLS for factory work; good wages; no ex-
perience necessary;- .: steady ! employment.
Gulf Bag Co.. 700-711 Front st.
WANTED — Experienced feeder on tuling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741
Market st. •
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
NEAT, reliable girl ¦ for general housework In
small family; good wages r references re-
qulred. Apply 2020 Oyen st. . *
WANTED — Blonde youmi woman and a child
under 5 for stuge. Apply Alhambra Theater,
between 10 and 12, Wednesday.
GIRL to wrap gum. NEWTON . GUM CO.,
Second and Folsom sts. ' .-• -
GIRL to care fcr two children. 601 Natoma
street. . -
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply- at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles'. waists'. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Bills at. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch of flee.. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at loaa
Valencia st. ' ¦ '
HELP ; WANTED— MALB^^
6 2-HORSE teamsters. $60; coachman. - city,
$35 to $40 and found; butter maker. $40 and
found ; farmers, > $26 and $30 . and found ;
milkers. $30 and $35 .' and . found: ¦ old man
to care for place; $5 and board; fruit ranch
farmer |oo and i found; man about . place,
$25 and found; locksmith and saw. flier, $2 50
day; shingle sawyer/$C5 and- found; drag
sawyer. $00 and found; band sawyer, $90 and
found ; miners. $2 50 and $3 < day; ¦ quarry-
men. ?2 25 day; fruit peddler. $20 and founds
' chore boy ' for,:' ranch, -:' $12 and ' found, ; and
others. J.%. F. . CROSETT & CO.. : t>23, Sac-
' ramento'tt.- »- ; »-*•' - '¦" -¦:--• '* ¦ . '¦
BROILER. $75; restaurant cook.- $70; Scandl-
• navlan porter for Institution," $25 and found;
porter, for • springs $23 and • found ; hotcJ
waiter, . $30 ' and found;- dishwasher. $25 and
found. ¦ and others. ¦ J. ¦ F. CROSETT & CO.,-
C29 Sacramento st; ;:,•-'• "¦' ¦ - ~.
ANDRE'S Office.': 317 Stockton St.— Restaurant
cook, $20. a week; broiler, $75: third cook, $45;
. potwashcr. $30 ; , dishwasher," $7 a week ; diah -
washer, small': place.1523; waiter, coffee-
house, $10 a'-week; German,! to tend bar and
; help: waiting, $30 and found; porter. 1 and drive
'' bus. : hotel; country. $20; porter for first-class
springs. $20; experienced man for ' poultry
farm. $30 and found; elevator boy, $15, etc. ;
BOY • wanted to learn plumbing. 91 Jackson
| EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— FEMALE.
WANTED — Home with old couple; no children;;
small pay; uood cook. .Address. 363 Sixth
ave., Richmond district. San Francisco; no
postals. . ..,-.: , • *
• SITUATION wanted by young Swedish girl to
tlo cooking and general hoii*ewcrk. Address
233 California ave., bet. T\venty-nlnth and
Thirtieth, off Mission. m ¦
COMPETENT woman, good cook and laun-
dress, • wishes position In American family;
eood references: moderate wages. 794 Fol-
eom st.
COMPETENT seamstress wishes few more en-
gagements in private families; $1 25 per day;
9 till 5. SEAMSTRESS, .box 4905. Call.
PROFESSIONAL ladles' nurse would like-en-
gttgemeuts in confinement casfs. Address
Nurse, Call Branch. 300 Hayes st. ¦
AMERICAI* women wishes situation as hquss-
keeper or cook on ranch; neat and reliable.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotatl. Sonoma County.
A GERMAN woman wishes work by the day.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter. Tel. Green 721.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper.
19 Sixth st. " ' ¦
A RELIABLE woman would like washing or
house-cleaning for Thursday and Friday.
Room' 3. 1050 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED laundret-s wishes work by d*y
or. week. Address Laundrots. 615 Larkin Bt.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.l
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
1 GENTLEMAN, nine years' office experience,
| desires clerkship in office or small hotel,
or cashier position in restaurant; best of
references. Address box 4210. • Call office.
WANTED — Position In or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8 years' ex-
perience; day work preferred. Address box
43. Petaluma. Cal.
A GOOD head gardener, well recommended,
married, wishes situation. Address F. S.,
516 Twentieth St., Oakland. Phone Black
5339. -' -
RELIABLE young man wishes position; has
had some experience as salesman and ship-
ping clerk. Box 420S, Call office.
RELIABLE, honest young man, German,
steady, sober, wishes situation as bartender;
citv references. Box 4200. Call office.
CARPENTER, millwright, factory, city or
country: best- of references. J. L., box
4211. Call office. .
POSITION as nurse by a refined colored wo-
man for a child or with family going East.
Address J. E.. 1006 Clay; phone Grace 1044.
YOUNG man would like work as carpenter In
city; 6 years' experience. Box 4207. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as nurse or valet;
city references. 359 Grove st.
WANTED — Position as coachman or groom:
good driver; references. Box.4912, Call office.
NEW YORKER (23), with highest local cre-
dentials, capable, energetic clerk, French,
German, desires situation here or elsewhere.
Box 40CS, Call office.
COACHMAN, Al driver, first-class all around
man; capable of taking entire charge; strictly
sober and reliable; best of references. Box
4C09, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, reliable and competent, de-
sires position with responsible* house; best of
references given. Box 4900, Call office. .
A GOOD varnisher and polisher wants work by
the day or job; very reasonable; estimates
given. Box 4205, Call office.
WANTED — Cutter, reliable man, would like to
change situation. Address H. W. CLAY. 636
Twelfth st.. Oakland. Cal.
DESIGNING, furniture and Interior, wanted by
first-class designer. Box 4904, Call office.
JAPANESE wants a position to work coupla
hours; phone Green 250. B. Y.. 315A Mason.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmoro.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established - at 1098
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock i
and bond Usues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock -.accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
i MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
' ~— ————— ————— ~————— —*———— ————— ————— —————— - 1
FLATS TQ LET.
HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list: ser- j
! vice absolutely free; take advantage of. this
department; It will sav* you time and tro_b!».
Conies Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary st., on
the square. . • *'¦;•> -':
PARK flats; Saw; elegantly 'finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C ct.. one block to McAllister
care; 6 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 Xo f-if.; sunlight all around: open.
6 ROOMS and bath, high basement, yard; new;
sunny; rent reasonable to permanent tenant.
3952 Nineteenth St.; Castro cars. . . j
511 — COTTAGE of 4 jsunny rooms, yard. .132
Rose ave., bet. Gough and Octavia sts.
BRYANT, M7Vi. near Seventh — Flat of four
rooms and bath. Call at 017 Bryant st.
FLAT. 7 rocms and bath: sunny; convenleht:
suitable for doctor. C24 Green st. •
GRKENWICH. 2727 — Upper; sunn); - rooms;
new; marine view; {25: open.
TO LET— Flat ol 4 rooms; 1K>7 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LSN'T. 14 Post st. ¦
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
A FLAT to rent and new furniture for rale;
bargain. 1553 Post st.; Inquire forenoon. -
FLAT to let and furniture for sale ' at 226 I
Eleventh Et. . - j
FLATS WASTED.
FAMILY of four adults wants S-roorn house or
flat In vicinity of Panhandle; rent $35. Ad-
rtress box 1X34. Call office. ¦¦ - •
yUKMTURE FOH SALE.
EIGIIT-room house newly furnished cheap; go-
lng away. 1*35 Mission nt. ¦
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rfftty. repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
WANTED — This forenoon, a neat second girl
for nice r>lace in San Jose, $25, see lady at
our office: nurse, care for baby 5 months
old. $25; parlor maid and waitress. $30;
nurse for 2 children, $25; sepond girls, $25;
refined nurse, $25; ecandlnatlon, second
girl, $25; second girl for San Jose, $25; sec-
ond girl and sewing, $25; nurse for Oak-
land, $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Kitchen helper, $25; dishwasher,
- $3 a week; cleaning woman for Institution;
cook for children, $40. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. "
WANTED — Ironer for laundry, $40;. laundress
and chambermaid, $25; lanudress, country
hotel, $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &.
CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— A second -girl, Menlo Park. $25,
see lady this forenoon; German or French
nurse, Oakland, $25. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. _"
WANTED — Waitress, country hotel, $25;
chambermaid, assist waiting, - $20; waitress,
family hotel, $22 50; head waitress, $55;
waitress, small resort, $30, fare paid. Apply,
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 8utter st.
WANTED — Girls for housework for San An-
selmo, $25; Mountain View, $35, see lady
this morning; Ross Valley, $30, 2 In family;
Alameda, $25; cook. Belvedere, $30. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — 4 cooks, German style, $30; second
cook, family hotel, $25; cook, plain wash,
3 In family, $30; cook, email restaurant, $8
week. .Apply to- J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter at.
A LADY'S maid, $30; a second girl, for" Mare
Island, $25; a parlormaid and waitress, $25;
a girl to do second work and assist in doctor's
office, $25; a nurse for. 4-year-old child, $25;
a Eecond girl, for city, $25; a waitress, for
Santa Cruz. $25. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Butter, near Powell. •
A LAUNDRESS, $30; chambermaid, $30; sec-
ond girl, $25; housework girl, $35; cook, $35;
weman with child 15; Infant's ' nurse $25.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter ct. ,.,
A -YOUNG lady, 18 to 21" years, as saleslady
In' candy .store; no 'experience necessary; $7
week. MRS. M.E. DAY; 351 O'Farrell st.
! HAIRDRKSS1NG, manicuring,'- :. massage, hair
work; remc val of* superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks, for $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
A— Ladles, learn ... all , branches halrdresslng
trade; •. manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
. k<»t st., cor. Jones, room 04;, positions se-
cured at highest wages; day & eve; class;call
WOMEN and .girls wanted. to work on fruit-
and canning; steady work; .' highest wagns.
'Apply California -Canneries -Co.,- Brannan
St., bttween Third .'and Fourth. ¦ '¦ .
A — Practical Millinery School; estab.' 14 yeaii;
terms easy." 810 O'Farrell,- for.' 1000 Van Ness.
YOUNG apprentice! wanted; -paid while learn-
ing. 1320 Larkin 6t/JjWM_Saw?WMW_H_B
• AX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th« San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Th'.rd streets; open
cctll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— $27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:00 p. m.
200 Hayes ctreet; cpea until 0:30 p. tn.
C33 McAllister ctreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet; open vctll 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mieeion ctreet; cpe& until 10 p. o.
22C1 Market ctreet. corner Sixteenth; open
e-tU S p. tn.
206 Eleventh street; open tir.ttl 0 p. m.
1C06 Valencia etreet; open until 0 p. m.
Ncrifcwe«t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 FIHmore street: open until 9 O. m.
MIXTIXG XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council of Kadosh .SEW
No. 7. A. and A. £. R.. C_5 Sut- nSHi
ter «. — Called meeting THIS (Jl {91 fjj
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING nt re_$f?3K«_
S o'clock. Thirtieth degree. All fS*£A*iE**|
Knights Kadosh cordially in- — Ja •"¦
vited. PRANK li. LADD. r___1
Thirty-third degree. Preceptor. * 1E "" 1
CHARLES JELLINEK. Recorder.
EXOELSIOK Ixxige No. 1C6. F. and A. _>
M.— Third degree THIS (WEDXES- yy
DAY) EVENING »t 7 o'clock sharp. /^r\
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lodpe No. US, F. and A. M.— -,
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) v'V'
EVENING at 7:.J0 o'clock. Tlilrd de- /^^
v yree. R. L'. ALLAN. Secretary. '
WALUALLA Encampment No. 7, LO.fc *
0. F. — The olficers and the funeral
comir.ittee of the above named En- y\^
-• campment are hereby notified to as- X X
Eercble at Oad Fellows' Hall, cor. Market ana
Seventh ets.. on THURSDAY, July 23, 1903.
at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose cf attend-
ing the funeral of our late Brother and
Tatriarrh, JOHN FLEISCHMAN. P. Ch.
Patr. By order FRED L. HORN. C. P.
CH ARLES ijUAST, Financial Scribe.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, 1. O. O.
r'.—Ti-.e clflcers ar.J the funeral .^iSG^v^
<~ r :rr.rr.: ttt-e oJ The above named •l*vj^3_v*"*
Lodge are hereby notified -to as-
Eemble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market
and Seventh «=ts.. en THURSDAY, July 23,
Ji«J3. et 1 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late Brother
JOHN FLEISCHMAN. P. G. By order
A. PAUBA. N. G.
CHARLES QUAST. Financial Secretary-
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194. 1 *^
1. O. O. F.— Initiation WEDNES- -3_t5S££*>
DAY EVENING. July 22. V:>:t-
ors cordially invited. ~*Z3fXf& r
GUSTAVE A. HUEBNER, N. G.
ANDREW J. CLEARY. R. S. ,
THE olflcers and members _ rt _^ m . —fl
cf Golden Gate Camp No. w^y*~r M
• illj requested to nttend C^^rXtPJJl-jgrS: > y
the funeral >. : our i;i:» t— a^f** sB~"^ k *^
nfiphbor T. J. MANNING
TO-DAY < WEDNESDAY*. July 22. from h'.s
late residence. _C!7 Howard e=t.. at !*:."50 a. m.
WM. CARR. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O'DONNELL. Clerk.
El'KEKA Grove No. 4. U. A. O. D.—
The officers and the funeral committee jyV
of the above :.:¦.•-¦: Grove are hereby
notified to assemble at Druid's Hall. 41."5 Sut-
ter tt.. «t 1 o'clock p. m.. on THURSDAY,
July 23, li»03. for the purpose of attending
the funer&l of our late Brother P. A. JOHN
KLE1SCI1MAN. Dy order
A. PAUBA. N. A.
CHARLES QUAST. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual ;
meeting of the stockholders of the Spreck-
r\i Sugar Company will be held at the office
cf tbe ccirpar.y, 327 Market et.. S-n Fran-
circc. en MONDAY, the 27th day cf July.
1&C3. et the hour of 11 a. m.. fcr the pur-
pose of electing c board of director* to serve
*cr the cCEU'r.£ year and for the transaction
cf eueh other butlness as may come before
tlse meeting. The transfer books will clcse ¦
en Friday. July 24. 1S#O3. at 3 p si.
W. H. HANNAM_ Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders cf the Monterey
County Water Company will be htld at the
office cf the company. 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, rn MONDAY, the 27th day of
July. l»03. at the hour cf 11:30 _.~in.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to eerve tor the T.suinK j car and for the'
Transaction ct such other business as may
books will cicye on Friday. July 24. 11KH. at
3 p. m. W. H. H ANN AM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Sieoilr.s— The Risdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Works— The ar.ua i meeting of the
ftockholders of the Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees ;
fcr the ensuing year and the transaction of
n:ch ether business as may be brought be-
¦ fere, the meeting, will be held at the office
rf the company. No. 20S Steuart street. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
tust, 1003. at 11 o'clock a. m.
Arar?Trs TAYLOR. Secretary.
THi: only authorised life of Pope Leo XIII.
Written with the ennuraeement. appicbatlon
a:id blueing of his Holiness by Mgr. Bernard
O'Reilly, D. I».. LL.D.. who for eight years
lived in th» Vatican as domestic prelate to
the Pope. This distinguished American au-
t .¦ r «Zf summoned to Rome and appointed
I'y tht- Pcpe as his official biographer. Ap-
proved and recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
arid a!I church authorities as the only <jf-
n>:a! biography of the Pope. Over M>>
races, magnificently illustrated. Published in
Hr.gliFh. French and German. Untaralleied
opportunity for agents, liest corr.mlsslon.
Kif-ear.t outfit free. THE JOHN C. WIN-
STQN CO.. 32S Dearborn St.. Chicago. 111.
ASTItOLOGY. *
IMBfcM taught, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
Tror.<«; borkftore.Ma Ellis. V.y mall If desired.
ATTOIl.VEVi* AT LA\\\
r.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law Examiner bid.,
rm. Cll; all cases, damages, estates, wllis.
_ttachir.ents. cclitcticns. etc.; consultation
Iree. no advance charges; call cr write;
*ven:r.gs ty appoirtment. Tel. Red'3G01.
PK0MPT iitttction to all cases;divcrce. estates,
ccliectlor.s; r.o fees unless successful; call or
write; eve*. Tu»-e. and Fri. : est. 15 its. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. l'.7 Market ;tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probcte and all other law
cases: no fees la advance; open every even-
ir.g. J. M. THURSTOX. S19 Market «t.. r. '31.
ADVICE free: divorcee a specialty ;qulck. quiet;
r.o charge without success; established 15 yrc
G. W. HqWE. 1122 Market st.. opp. Haje'c.
AJTKEN & AITKEN. atttorneys r». 309-10-11
Clur.'.e tldg.. 503 California st. ; tel. Main 727.
V.'ICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law €32 Mar.
ket ct.. room 23; legal advice; bank ref».
ADVICE free; no cnarse unless successful- all
octet; op-n evg«. WAV. Davidson. 827 Market.
L. ". CLARK, Emma fipreckeU bldg.. U27 Mar-
k«*t ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
,- ' BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG tiiking parrots,$5 cach;German «lngir._
canaries. $2; we will try to please you: every-
thing In cur lir.g-at right prices. 1546 Marker.
nUSJIXESS CHAXCES. — -
BARGAINS! BARGAINS! -¦" -- -
10 cigar etorts; money-makers.
_5 lodging-houses; all bargains.
10 saloons; good locations.
1 beer route agency for city.
1 frifit ttorc; horse, v.-agon; a bargain
3 candy stores on Market et
EDWARDS. 331 Kearny ct.. room 12%.
$S0OO— Business proposition that pays $500 per
month, lor lady or gentleman or 'or both
THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. OakS
ENAP— Roadhouse, furnished complete- r>rlr#
IZM. ALDEN & CO.. Ills Broadway, oak?
ADVERTISER offers business house immediate
unique and penetrating advertisement la
fcandwich Inlands. FIJI, Samoa. Philippines.
Honduras, Havana, etc.; best possible mel
c-ium for advertisln.; could also Introduce
trade. FREUAR. box 4C05, Call office.
FOR SALE— Daily newspaper route In Califor-
nia tov.n of 25.000; pays well; clean work.
Address M. J. T.. Call office,
r _T_3 lu«er~rt° Od ***** restaurant. $250.
HAIRDHEHE1NG parlors; cheap; value In si__7-
good location; retiring. 1153 Mkt.. b«t.7th.Sth.'
BAKERY and delicacy etore^for eale- must be
scid; ovner going away. 715. McAllister st.
AX o-it*M. -nut- for rale. Apply C».H office.
- C .r A ""'. E ?L""? -AT."! G Ay P_ _S___V XIXC '
AIR, cemprwssed. dry. Ice cold. !s now univer-
sally used in eanltarily cleaning carpets on
floor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main S237.
WHEN you become disgusted with vour work
*cnd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ir.g Works. U5.V357 Teharoa St.; tiL gouth 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen
rrcprictor. 22a Guerrero St.; tel. liitslon 4X
TRY IlOl'KE L'ROS. ; excellent carpet-beating;
mat tresyc-s irade over. 1432 Howard ; South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter if
tel. ria'.n Zl>4. Geo. WALCOM & CO.. Props.'
HUDOLPH & CO.. carpct-bcatlng work*; pricec
reasonable. 1703 HarrSscn et. : tei Illusion 203.
CONKJ-DTS Superior Carpet-bearing , Works.
3."T Goldrn Gate nve. ;. telephone Fast 12C .
CHI ROrO PISTS. *
XJUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50" Geary— All
ailment* cf the feet cured; corns, bunions. etc
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE. |
> H. C. DECKER, »06 MARKET ST.
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
6 roome. modern flat, new furn $.>00
20 rooms, sunny N. Market, cor., only l.jOO
f- 1- room corner house, only Z'TZr
21 rooms, only $-<*> cash. bal. paymls. 1,100
II rooms, only $150 cash ... 350
12 rooms, on Geary St.. near Powell.. bjM
£6 rooms, on Market St.. clears $200... 1.050
24- rooms, on Grant ave.. only... ••••;•• 2 -™X
12 rooms, new furniture, cost $1200 600
4* rooms, clears $300 per month. -•'•••. R.°00
38 rooms, on Howard st., clears $200... l.'OO
53 rooms, elegant corner, clears $350. . . 5.800
Hotel and bar. to rooms, clears $500. ..10,000
24-room house, on Howard st..... 350
100 houses from 5 to 500 rooms; all prices.
H. C. DECKER. 900 Market Ft., cor. Stockton.
Phone John C31.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
6S rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
?4 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; cood Income; rent $20 S-">0
21 rocms; water front; rent $40; lease. C50
120 rooms: good lease; low rent C500
67 rms. :apartments; Western Add; rent. 253
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, madhouses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny iL
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 400, Examiner bldg. —
Totel*. apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paees. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.. J
EXTRA fine modern lodging-house. 15 rooms,
$1575; rent $C5. CLARK, 10C7 Market ft.
SPIRITUAHSB1.
RHEUMATISM, kidney and bladder troubles
cured by Hlstlonic suggestion; diagnosis free.
Institute of Science. 105 Ellis et.
JOHN SLATER: circle to-night 8U5 sharp:
readings dally 10 to 4. 33C O'F'arrell st.
ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance
Wednesday eve.. 50c. 1115 Post St.. 8 o'clock.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening.
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS. :
A^ CALL AT~ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1. It. $1. $L «• II. *l-
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant ami
Palmist Ever In Ban Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise j
to tell you whether busband. wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites ;
the separated causes speedy -nd happy mar- |
riages rnakei you successful and prosperous, 1
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p." m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third sU. next Exam-
iner bldg.: che reads your life correctly.
Elves an accurate description of the past, re- j
veals the present happenings and portra>'3 j
events to occur In the future; if you are in
trouble discontented or not satisfied In Hie, (
cr have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them; valuable advice
in all affairs of life; 25c tp: satisfaction
guaranteed: reading* by mall. 'Tel Black 166J-
¦ : ']
\ CASHMIRE. the eminent trance clairvoyant j
adept can be consulted regarding all matters of I
business love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation changes, law. reunttins separated. I
etc.: everything revealed: secret power to 1
change, influence or control any one or anything
as you wish in 3 tn 21 days; reduced fees for
this' week. 1007 U Market nt.. bet. Cth and 7th. 1
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant «nd
palmist, permanently located ar 1104 Market i
Ft. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. 1
m ' to 5 p m.: readings by mall a? satisfac- I
tory as/ in person; 3 «.uestions answered, $1:
full UfeV $5: «nd lock of hair, date and year
o? birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
X MME. PORTEB. scientific clairvoyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
cr.d sight: tells the past, present and future; J
JatJles. OCe; rents $1: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 12C Turk St.
Mr?. A. H. Krcnenber-. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, Trill give a good reading. 10e. for :
a ehort time only; when others fail try Trie to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MADAM CAROL. Just arrived, will tell your
past, present and future life. 901 Buchanan
ct.. corner Fulton: no sign.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
OLDEST lady pslmlst and ccrd reader in city.
.20'^ Keamy. room 20; ladies 25o, gents 50c.
MME. GINSBERG, preatest clairvoyant: ladles,
25c; gents, 50e. 35 Cth st., rm. 0, 1st floor.
A wonder; have ycu seen her? LELA, palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th st., near MJssion.
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tings dally. 44SU J»s.«ie st- bet. 5th and Cth.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES. !
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speed !ly. CO- j
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. So. !)16 Market; J
tel. Red C18;'collections; gen'l law business. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* made: !
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION j
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: t-I. 55S0. j
DE.XTISTS. i
DrT^LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh j
— No charge for extracting when plates are j
made; eld plaies made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given, j
REMOVAL. )
DK. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re- !
moved from 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg., j
room C14. corner Geary and Kearny sts. i
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break; j
¦warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50:^fillings. 50c; I
plates. $5: full set: all wcrk painless and war- j
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlcrs. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush — |
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fllltngs,25c. j
GOLD flllir.ee "5c. stiver 35c, crowns $2; no i
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutt*r. j
10 PER CENT off thUi month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 0C0 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
JUUESS31AKERS^& SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELLi Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION. Eunburrt & knife plaiting, btew-
art'i? button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor, j
PYEUTO AITP CXEA-fllTg. "
fcKA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets.
l*ce curtains, etc., done by the Presidio j
Heights ape Works, 3315 Sacramento; phone
for wago-. 'Test 453. H; HICKMAN. prts. j
EDCCATIOXAL.
A — CALDWELL College of~OratoryT' Act Ing,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West:
"14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
1,'Ki.ih ocpt. 7; day &. evening clasn; beautiful
new catalogue free, 12U5 Market., cor. Ninth.
GALLAGHER-MAP.SU BUSINESS COLLEUt,
conducted by experts; be6t combined cnort-
hand and ccmmerciH.1 course to be had; In-
dorsed by otflclal court , reporters. 1332 Mkt,
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special cummer course in all depart-
ments: handscme catalogue free; life scholar'
thlp. $50; d-y and evening sessions.
.DANCING — Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 Geary" st..
ft-om 43; ladles' and gentlemen's private In*
ttructlon; reception dally; phone Black 373S.
HE ALD' S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
et^ S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
rummer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1964. Vair-
dtr Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
fall. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market st.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F.;fllla every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SPANISH Arademy— Professor Arribas: classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Patnt-
lng from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.eth.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8 mo.
HEALD"S nusiness College. 24 Post st, S. F.-
founded 1SG;; new SO-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for C cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
E31PLJ0Y3IEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE! AOKI. 421 Post «t7T7e_"iBMh~135^
Japanese-Chinese employment " office;' : fur-
nlthes beat help; contracts for farm help.' etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752. .
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1«;S; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Mai- 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 year*
Tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO.'. CIO Clay.
HORSES ASP WAGO5S.
ON" account of going to build, entire stock oJ
"wagons buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia its.
TWO truck horses, 3S0O; 20 work and driving.
1732 Market st.
SOUND young horse, true and gentle, weight
' about 1500 pounds, cheap. 2S43 Mission st.
fi A TTED saddle horse; ride or drive: swell ap-
pearance. Club Stables. 400 Taylor it.
10 GOOD horses from the country for sa!»
chea p. 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale chean. B32 Mis-Ion at.
HOUSES TO LET.
• privtED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.,14Montgomery
BRO\DWAY 1518. near Van Nesa— Sunny 8-
room house: newly renovated: stable; yard.
BEFORE moving get our printed Ust of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post «t.
¦ HOUSES TO LET — FCR.MSHED. ~
A WELL furnished house, piano 10 rooms:
very sunny; fine location: 1375 Maaonlo ave.
Apply MASISON & BURKE. .
FURNISHED house, 6 rooms and bath to let
cheap. 390.1 Twenty-fifth St.. near Church.
»' ' '
HOUSES WAXTEa
H^^EsTHOuiifirTibusEs—
We are In need of houses for eizht cuitsra-
ers. MOSSMAN. S50 Market St.. roo.n 5.
LIVKKV STABLES.
TOMKINSON'S livery stables. 67-5*-Cl Minna
St.. bet. 1st and 2d— Vehicle* of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Mam I5J.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST*— On Howard St., package of tolts, ham-
mer and wrench; $1 and thanks to know
where to get It. J. G. JAMES. 403 Kear-
ny st. ______________
LOST — Fox terrier bitch. Monday, opposita
"Palace"; brown ears, stand straight; blac'x
spot above tall; reward. 102 Powell st.
GOLD rimmed eyeglasses and chain; Turk.
Market or Powell sts. ; reward. 206 Turk st.
LOST— Sunday, July 19. Halght. nr. Flllmor*.
t brlndle gray bitch. Return to 214 Linden ava.
LOST — An Irish terrier dog: docked tall: short,
wiry brown hair; answers to the name of
Pat. Return to Calif. Safe Deposit A Trust
Co. and receive reward. ______
LOST— School bonds of Laurel district. Ata-
meda County, for $1600; somewhere betweea
Sausallto -"* broad-gauge boats; $20 reward
for return to J. R. CRAIQ. Haywarda.
LOST — Sunday night, tor Vise shell comb, set
with pearls. Liberal reward for return to
Orpheum box office.
LOST — Chute.*," Sunday night, diamond stud.
Return to Nat. Laundry. 472 Geary. Reward.
LOST— July 18. gold diamond set shirt stud;
spiral broken. Shepherd. Sw Baker. Reward.
FOUND— Two mastiffs. Apply L. J. McDON-
ALD, Howard and Beale sts.. city.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calif ornl%
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
¦ " gold and silver to make new watch canes
. ¦ 1
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH, specialist for all femal»
complaints; In3tant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post St.. near- Jones.
MRS. DP.. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on f Final*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— ReUable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB9;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female ccmp.: 23 yrs. exper"nce.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2095 Folaom st., cor.
2Cth; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE, ."19 Powell St.. opposita »
Union pquare; all diseases cured by herbs.
Ml.MXC AXD ASSAYIXG.
I' HOLD a four months' option on valuible irn!_
mine; I also have parties in the Kast re-dy
to purchase. Want a party to Join me who
can furnish expense money to close the deal:
will divide profits. Address box 4011.
Call.
MISCELLAXCOLS — FOK SALJJ. T
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment: you
can buy from us diamonds, watihes. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest changed; it will pay ycu to ex-
amine our roods and prices: established 1S30
LICHTENSTE1N BROS.. 25 Stockton it.
DOES YOUR KOOF LEAK?
. Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no palntlngr or coating; good ov-r old,
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rested and,
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S WHITH
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beala «_
GASOLINE engine. 8 HP., rua 10 days $123:
10 HP. steam B. and En*.. $123. _210 _
st., Sacramento, Cal.
A — Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., nea~
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear toachinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TWO Irish national flags, cne bunting, on«
silk, at half price If sold right away. Ap>
ply 1217 Market st. C. J." BARRON.
FOR sale— 1 pool. 1 billiard table, flrst-clas*
condition, with complete new outfit. Presidio
Post Exchange. Presidio. 1
MILES of pipe and fitting-; all- a lie*. EU-
GENE RILEYJk SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film" and rong "slides! 103
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools and chairs hammocks.
metaJ beds. mattresaes.J.F.Hotter.'l- Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 833 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 43 Fremont sC
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. UP Montgy.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
$:00O WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3932. . *¦
MOXEY TO LOAX.
AAA— HERMAN MUKPHY. -
C01-t50--COJ Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly. •
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust.
etc ; legacies, ltfe estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private placo to obtatn.
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store S4H
Mattet St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned tq^ealarled people, -retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, wltheut
security: easy payments; largest business tn
46 principal cltle-. Tolman. S53 Parrot bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no removal:
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rra. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant »¦»•.
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano*
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
_ Sav. Bk. bid. 708 Market: phone Main 818.
B. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to*saUrl*d
Th- TOUSLEY CO 'fff'p&Vn* foT*
MONEY to lean on low Interest; gold stiver
diamonds/ pearls ami precious stones bought
at W. J. HF.STHAI.L-s. jn sixth »t.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
<HK>O; any recurfty. 3»2 Monuromery. room 1
fL°5J2S l 5?ir * olann-; sis nx>: no removal; ,
V. TREMAIN. room SI. « Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamond* and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny
' T^e^?a.5?-y g?sy. l %,. l sy M -%'-y
1 The glad day has beeri*flxcd and this fond couple now
' r. On the home they're to have are In discourse intent—
As to where It shall be, if 'tis better to buy.
Or their new life begin in a flat they may rent.
AVe give them a pointer: they are certain to find
In this paper's Want Ads just the place to their mind.
For the folks who are wiso in The Call advertise —
No one e'er goes elsewhere who our columns once tries.CaliforniaStock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Caribou OH Co 85
Four OH : • 71
Hanford OH 115 00 125 00
Home Oil 3 00 3 05.
Imperial Oil 10 00
Independence OH 16 17
Junction Oil - 21 22
Kern OH ........"..". 5 24 5 50
Lion Oil ... ............ OS. 06
Monte Cristo OH' '...... 95 1 00
Monarch; Oil ..............'..: 54 . ;>5
Oil City Petroleum...; 30 32
Peerless OH . - 1 1 W
Reed Crude Oil 40 . ¦ 41
San Joaquln Oil 5 75 . , . . .
Sterling Oil .....:.......:... 3 0» , 3 10
Thirty-Three OH .........'.. .... S 00
Twenty-Eight Oil -i 5 00
Union Oil • 68 00
United Petroleum ..*. US 00
West Shore OH V .... 3 50
Miscellaneous — ..
Abby Land & Impt 1 20 1 40
Alameda- Sugar.........../ .... 2» OO
American Biscuit' ........... !>5 ui> 10O 0O
American District Tel....... '
Bay Counties Power V. .'.'. .'.." .... v . . .'.
Am Ntl Bk.125 — ]Lon P & A. 163 —
Anglo-Cal ..94 — Merch Trust.200 255
Bank of Cal — 575 Merch Ex .. 55 75
C S D & T. 1424160 S F Natlonl — —
First Natlonl — —
" • SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL. — 2275 Sav & L So — 100
Hum 8 & L — — Sec 8av Bk.400 6C0
Mut S Bank. 95 — Union T Co. 2150 —
S F Sav U.600 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..199 205 [Presidio — 43
Geary — 60 J
• . POWDER.
Giant ...... 71% 72 /Vlgorlt 44 54
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 05c 25c 1 Kllauea S C. 5 8
Hawaiian C. 43 44 Makawell 8. — 23
Honokaa 8 C 12T4 — . Onomea 8 C. 224 22%
Hutch S P C 14Vi — I Paauhau S C 154 17
X\ *¦ . A MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl504151 . Oceanic S Co 7*4 . 74
Cal Fruit As 89% — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As — 09U Pac C Borx.106 —
Mornlne Session.
$4,000 S F & S J V Bonds .120 00
Street —
$3 000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 68 00
$10,000 8 P of C 6s Bonds (1912; 118 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con 71 8*4
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 43 25
10 Honokaa 8 Co 13 00
30 Hutchlnson S P Co ,, 14 50
30 Pacific Gas Imp... 63 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 52 75
I 25 S V Water ....83 25
10 S \* Water 83 50
$1,000 Hawaiian C & 8 Co &b* 98 00
$5,000 S F & 8 J V Bonds 120 50
Street—
$6,000 Market-st R R Con 5s Bonds.. 118 00
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G &. E. 65 674/
¦ • INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 — /
• BANK STOCKS.
Cent L & P. — 5H Sac E O & R 39 —
Eqult Gan .. 44 8 SFG&E67 6S
Mutual K L. 124 13 S F Gas ... 3 3K
Pao G Imp. 524 '-^i Stkn O A E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 55 57 U.G & E .. 344 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Bld.Ask. Btd.Ask.
4s qr coup.. — im« 4s q c (new).135Vil3«U
4s qr reg ...111 111% 3s qr coup.. 1O8V4 100
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s — J-' ¦
Bay CPC 5s. — 1054 Do con 5s.. 100 105
CCO4E..-r 107H Ok W C g5s — 10O
Cal G&E g Oceanic SC5s — 83
m and ctSs — — Om C R 6s. 124 125
Cal-st C 5s. — . — Pac G Imp4s 96 —
CC Wat 5s. — 105 P E Ry 5s.. — 10.8
Ed L & P 6sl28 — P * C R 6s. — —
F Cl R 68.1164 — P*OR6s. —
Geary-st R5s — — Powell-st 6s.ll6U —
H CAS S48.102U — S E GAR5s. — 104
C H & S 5s. 08 100 SF & SJV5s.l204120\
I£on R T 6s. — 108 8 R of C 6s.ll0fell24
L A Elec 5s. — — 8 P of A 6s
L A Ry 8s. — J164 O»«» — 108ft
L A L C 6s. — — <101ft) 108ft —
Do gtd 6s. — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 59.106 — (1905)Sr A. 1034104
LAP lem 5810341041^ <l»0B)Sr B. — 105U
Mkt-st C 6s. 122 125 (19O«) _ 107}«
Do lem .'.3.117% 11!) (1012) — 119
N R of C 6s. — 100 " S P C lcg5s.l2O4 —
Do 5s — 121 Do stmpd.108 —
N P C RR5s — 1084 § P B R 6s. — 140
N C Ry 6s. — 1144 s v Wat *"• ~ 10T%
N C P C 5s. 100 — Do 4s 2dm.l004101
N S H 5s.. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. — lOOVi
O G L H 5s.H0 — Stkn G&E 6s — 101
Oak T 6s... — 122 U G * E 6s.lO5 105U
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 58 61 1 Port Costa.. 64 664
Marln Co .. 60% — I Spring Val.. 854 86
UNITED STATES BONDS.
TUESDAY. July 21—2 p. m,
Stock and Bond Exchange.
AVIlllam B. Hooper to Central Trust Com
pany (trustee). Eleanor C. George K. and Rose
Hooper and Mary H. Perry, lot on N line of
Vallejo street, 200 E of Laguna, derived from
Calltornia''.TItie'and Insurance Company: ateo
lot on Folsom street, near Tenth, derived from
Gavin McNab and wife; also lot on NW line
of Natoma street, near Eighth, derived from
Central Trust Company; also lot on SE line ot
Minna street, near Fourth, all property of first
party, trust deed: gift.
Same to George K. - and Rose Hooper and
Mary H. Perry, same; gift.
Louis and Lusha or LuBhor or. Loue Houser
to Florence M. O'Connor, 'lot on N line of Ellla
street. 00 W of Buchanan, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Ferdinand and Marie Helduska to Antonl
Zlegelmeyer. lot on S line of Golden Gate ave
nue. 25 E of Scott, E 25 by S 109:6; $10.
Emma V. Anderson (wife of Smith) to Rich
ard Finking, lot on W line of Devlsadero street,
2«:T K of Sacramento, 8 26 by W 110; $10.
Peter and Marie S. Peterson to Maurice An
derson, lot on S line of Sutter street. 04:5Vi
W of Lyon, W 2I:9»; by S 87:6; $10.
Maurice Andersen to Hanna Andersen, same;
gift.
Gavin M. and W r llma McNab to William B.
Hocper. lot en N corner of Tenth and Folsom
streets. NW S5 by NE 1S5; $10.
Edward I. Clawlter to same, lot on NE line
of .Tenth street, 85 NW of Folsom. NW 40 by
NE 1S5; $10. /
Margaret A. McDonald (wife of John) to E.
E. and Ottllle Bach, lot on N line of Liberty
street, 155 E of Castro. E 25 by N 114: $10.
Ernest R. and Bella Ltllenthal to Alfred T.
Powell, lot on S line of Nineteenth (Eagle)
street, 49 W of Noe, W 1 by S 86; *10.
Mary E., or Mrs. Alexander C. or Mrs. A.
C". and Alexander C. Beede to Ellen and Mary
Neyland. lot on W line of Noe street, 115 S of
Fourteenth. S 30 by W 96; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Annie
Brady (wife of Owen E.). lot on SE corner of
San Jose avenue and Twenty- fourth street. S
130 by E 90; $14,000.
Clara W. Rogers to Nellie M. Holstead. lot
commencing 350:6 W of Castro street and SG:6
W of N terminus of Henry street. N 115 by W
38:6; gift.
Henry F. Lynn to John Tunnlcllffe, lot on
S line of Duncan Btreet, 225 E of Dolores, S
114 by E 25: $10.
Clay M., Francis M. and William Greene and
Bell* U. Sawyer to Harry A. Greene, undivided
lot 7:9 N of Sacramento, 172:84 E of Kearny,
E 45 by N B0:6; $10.
Harry A. and Oda M. Greene to Clay M.,
Francis M. and William Greene and Belle U.
Sawyer, lot on NW corner of Sacramento and
Powell streets, -W 91:6 by N 137:6; also lot on
NE corner of Golden Gate avenue and Franklin
street, E CS:9 by N 50; also lot on S line of
Post street. 82:6 E Of Gough. E 55 by S 120.
all Interest In Cedar avenue; $10.
Estate of Harry A. Greene Jr. (minor). ' by
Harry A. Greene (guardian) to same, undi
vided l-18th same; $4777."
Mary Hartlgan (wife of Patrick) to Christian
Froellch. lot on W corner of First and Howard
streets, NW 25 by SW 80; $10.
Daniel and Eliza A. O'Neill to Mary White
lot on SW line of Second street, 47 N W of
South Park. NW 22:6 by SW 74; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to John Tamoriy. lot on N corner of Te
hama and Ninth streets.. NE 80 by NW 25; $10
• Ollnto and Nellie Rlceoml to Eugenlo Cam
plnl. lot on NE line of Ninth street, 125 NW of
Harrison. NW 25. by NE 100; $10.
Claus and Anna C. Spreckels to Charles T
Spader, lot on NE corner of Nineteenth and
Harrison. N 275 by E 124:3; $10.
Charles T. and Anita L. Spader to Weston
Basket and Manufacturing Company, same; $10
E. L. and Anna Heuter to John Miller lot
on S line of Humboldt street, 75 E of Ver
mont. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Mary R. Barstow to Augustus L. Rhodes,
lot on W line of Iowa street. 200 S of Twenty
third. S 100 by W 100: also lot on E line of
Iowa street. 225 S of Twenty-third 8 225 E
100. N 100. W 100, same as described In 169
D 315: $10.
Carrie C. Elliott (Prager) to Henrietta Wien-*
er (wife of Mark), lot on NE corner of Fifth
avenue and Lake street. E 32:6 by N 100; $10
Ernest W. Kaufmann to Emll Kaufmann,
lot on E line of Seventh . avenue, 120 S of
H street. S. 25 by E 120: $1.
Charles and . Mary Colson to Bernjiard Gctz,
lot on N line of L street. 82:6 E of Twenty
third avenue. E 25 by N'lOO; $10.
George. M. ¦ Mitchell toThomaa Mitchell, lot
on W line of Nineteenth avenue, 25 8 of N
street. W 115. by. S 25: $10.
Therese. Gustav, ' Alfred, Oscar and Anna
Sutro to S. . Ducas Company (a corporation),
lot on S- corner of Seventh avenue south and D
street south. SE 75 by SW 100. lot 8. block
14!) South San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association; also lot on SW line of Sev
enth avenue" south. -150 SE of C street. SE 75
by SW 100, lot 6. block 150. same; $10
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Hanz
Boysen lot In cemetery: $45. . ; ---.
. James M/ and Rachel - Ellis to Isaac Weln
berg ' lot . on \W line of Ware street. - IC»:4«ii
N of San Bruno, N 25. W 04:5Vi. SE 30:6%.
E 7fl. ' lot' 2. block 7. Garden Tract Homestead
Addition; $10.
.. . S ; Ducas to same, same; $10.
California Title Insurance' and Trust Com
pany to William B. Hocper, lot on N line of
Vallejo street. 200 E of Laguna, E 74:3 by N
137:6: $10.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Local stocks and bonds continued culet with
no 'fluctuations worthy of note.
The Savage Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share July
29.
The- San Diego and Coronado F«rry Com
pany has levied an assessment of $35, delin
quent August 21: Tonopah Monarch Mining
Company one of 2c, August 3; Sonera Quartz
Mine Development Company. August 20.
Flour, qr sks.... 1.300 Wool, bales .... 83
Wheat, ctls .... 1.5C0 Tallow, ctU .... 213
Barley, ctls 3,910 Pelts. No 350
Oats, ctls 1.240 Hides. No 1,09ft
Beans, sks 85 Quicksilver, flsks 220
Corn, ctls 35 Leather, rolls ... 167
Potatoes, sks ... 2,325: Wine, gals 74.100
Onions, sks 440, Paper, reams ... 700
Hay, tons . 4111 Lime, bbls ¦ 816
FOR TUESDAY. JULY 21
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER — The following retail prices were
adopted April 10; Pine, ordinary sizes. $219
28; extra sizes higher; Redwood. $23^30; Lath.
4 feet.. $3 60; Pickets. $2i; Shingles. $3 25 for
No. 1 and $2 for No. 2; Shakes. $14 for split
and $15 for sawn: Rustic, f36©46.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6@
6%c per lb; White Lead, 6@6%c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44, 60®46 for local use and
$43 50 per flask for export.
SALT — The- Amalgamated 6alt Company
quotes as follows:- Genuine Liverpool, $14®16;
Bales, common. $1 00; Dairy, per ton. $13 25;
Half Ground. $12 254*12 75; Rock Salt. $10 500
12 25; imitation Liverpool, $13 25©11; Granu
lated. $13 i.VaH per ton.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-lb bass:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, B.75c;
Powdered. _ 8.60c; Candy Granulated. B.60c;
Dry Granulated, fine, 8.80c; Dry Granulatedi
coarse, 6.50c; Fruit Granuated, 5.50c;. Beet
Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.40c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.S0c; Magnolia A. 8.10c; Extra C,
6c; Golden C, 4.»0e: "D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c
more; half barrels, 20c more; boxes, 50c more;
r>O-lr. bags, 10c more for all Kinds. Tablets —
Half-barrels, 6c; boxen, 6.25c per lb. No or
ders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equiv
alent.
• @7»4c for gTeen unwashed 79ie8V4c for good
to superior unwashed peaberry, 4©6c for in
ferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua— ll^ei-ic nominal for. prime to
fancy washed, BQ 10c nominal for fair to
strictly *ood washed. 7©7%c for good to su
perior unwashed 7%@8c for good to prime un
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— ll®14c for prime
to fancy washed' 10@10?ic for strictly good
washed. 9i;@9?ic f or good washed. 794@^%c
for fair washed. «@7^c for medium. 4©«c for
inferior to ordinary, 8%®10^c for fair to
prime washed peaberry. 8^8 Uc for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. 7QSc nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
CORDAGES — The local company quotes as
follows, 60 days or V, per cent discount for
cash: Manila 14Hc: Sisal, llf^c; Duplex.
lO^c: Bale Rope. llff?ll' /a c per pound.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 20Q32c; extra
heavy. 3C@40o per lb; medium. 27©20c; light
,24«2«c; Rough Leather, 26®28c: Harnesa
Leather, heavy 35@30c for No. 1 and 30@35c
for No. 2; medium 30@37c: light. 29«35c:
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 36S38c: Collar
Leather 15©16c per foot: Trace- Leather. 40>9
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40@60c per lb; V«al. Hn
ished, r.O@ti-Oc per lb: Calf finished. CSce$l per
lb; Wax Sides. 10@17c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits 14®16c; Rough Splits. . 8©10« per lb.
TANBAHK— Ground, |25<g28 per ton; stick.
$13 80S 16 per cord.
OIL— Linseed 48c for boiled and 46e for raw
In barrels: cases 8c more; Castor Oil. in cases..
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' A A. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels: Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 05c;
China Nut. 57%@62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot In barrels, 75c : rases. 80c: Sperm, pfire,
70c; Whale CHI. natural white. 8O@55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels 45c; cases. 50c: Co
coanut Oil. In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and B5c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil in cases, 20%c: Astral. 20Hc;
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c: Elaine. 26fcc;
Eocene. 23V4c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 17c: In cases, 23>^c: Benzine, In bulk,
13c: in cases, 10Hc: 8ft-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c: in cases. 27%c
. TURPENTINE — 70c per gallon In caaes and
Ctc in drums and Iron barrels.
Continued From Page Eleven.
Cal Central Gas & Electric ....
Cal Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal Jockey Club,,.... 105 00
Cal Powder ...;.
Cal Shipping Co 2* no 30 0O
Cal Title Ins & Trust ISO OO 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland. . . . 60 00
Chutes Company 9 00
City and County Bank ....
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 12Vi •••»
Eastern Dynajnite .... ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation ....
Gas Consumers' Association 22 5O
Honolulu Sugar 19 00
London t: S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust ..: •. .... ....
Northern Cal Power 0 73
Nevada National Bank. .... ....
North Shore Railroad V> 00
Orpheum Company 1.150
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Paraffine Paint 33 OO ....
Postal Device & Impt ¦ ....
San Franciseo Dry Dock 47 0O ....
Sausalltn Land & Ferry It) 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company
Standard Electric IS 00
Truckee Electric 11 no IS 00
Union Sugar 2*J :¦» ....
United Gas & Electric 34 5o „ ....
Western Fish Co . ...
•~r' v OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
40O Monte Orlsto, b 5 1 <*>
6OO Monte Cristo P5
100 Monarch M
100 Home : 3 •*
Afternoon Session. » > '. -
Board—
500 Independence, b 30 17
100 Oil City Petroleum 32
5O Cal Shipping 25 00
100 Home 3 05
8AN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia ...133 10O Mexican »
10O Con C & Va.l 35 ICO Mexican ....1 0f»
1000 Imperial 04 100 Union ..'..... IS
Afternoon Session.
10O Andes 09 100 Julia 04
20O Andes 10 200 Occidental ... 34
ICO Bullion 08 100 Ophir 190
100 Con C St Va.l 43 500 Sava*s 15
200 Chollar 21 20O Peg Belcher.. 07
100 Crown Point. 21 100 Silver Hill . 88
40O Crown Point. 22 100 Union SO
1500 Imperial .... 04 SCO Union 81
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher . 43 300 Occidental ... 94
300 Caledonia ...1 33 200 Occidental ... $5
1C0 Caledonia .1 87^4 100 Ophir 1 42H
20ft Challenge Con 48 100 Sierrs. Nevada 54
200 Cballenga Con 47 200 Silver Hill .. 81
200 Con C & V.I 37H 200 Silver Hill .. 87
400 Con C & Va.l 40 80O Utah $5
BOO Con Imperial. 05 200 Yellow Jacket TO
20O Mexican 90 800 Yellow Jacket T2
100 Mexican 1 ©0
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia ...1 35 200 Silver Hill .. Sfl
200 Con C ft V.I 42»4 200 Silver Hill .. 83
200 Con NY 15 ICO Silver Hill .. 82
200 Gould & Cur. 401 100 SUw Hill .. gl
SCO Mexican 1 00 30O, Union Con .. 80
10O Ophir 1 47*4i 200 Union Con .. «1
20O Potosi 22! 30O Utah 84
30O Savage 15 3PO Yellow Jacket 72
COO Seg Belcher.. Ofti $00 Yellow Jacket Tl
300 Sierra Nevada 55
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
risco and Toaopah Mining Exchangs yester
day:
- Morning Session.
4500 Esperanza ... O6 10O Ton A. Cal . . 89
415 Mont Ton ...1 00 20O Ton & Cat .. 40
200 Ton &. Cal . . 89 COO Ton N Star. 58
Afternoon Session.
5000 Esperanza .. 06 140O Ton N Star.. 5S
100 Mont Ton ..I 00 1050 Ton N Star.. 60
100 Mont Ton . . 03
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. July 21—4:30 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 O6|julia C3 04
Alta 05 0« Justice 14 13
Andes 08 to Kentuck .... 03 05
Belcher 42 4o Lady Washtn — ff*
Best ft Bech.l 80 — Mexican 90 1 00
Bullion 04 03 Ophir 140 143
Caledonia ...1 30 1 33 Overman .... 27 2S
C C & Va 1 35 1 40 Potosi 21 Tl
Challenge- ... sa 35 Savaw 15 IK
Chollar 20 21 Seg Belcher.. 07 «S
Confidence ...1 20' 1 M Sierra Nev... 55 37
Crown Point. 21 22 Silver Hill... M> *l
Exchequer ... — 01 Union 70 }<C
Gonld & Cur. 88 39 Utah 31 33
Hale & Nor. . 54 56 Yellow Jacket «9 ~tO
Imperial 03 04 :
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan M Co IS 19| Rescue M Co. 17 2O
Esperanza ... 05 Ots.Ton Betmont.l 75 2 OO
Eula Con ... — — T & Cal 38 41
Gipsy Queen. 26 — Ton Fraction. — 1 00
Gold Mtn Con 10 — Ton & Gt W. <W 10
Lucky Tom.. — 10 Ton of Nev.. —8 00
Macnamara . 24 25: Ton N Star.. 68 bO
Mlzpah Extn. — 43|Ton Midway. — 43
Mont Ton ... ©9 1 00|Ton ft Salt L — 65
N Y Ton .... — l»;Ton Union..-. — —
Paymaster .. 15 20!United Ton... — IS
Pine Grove... 6O —'Utopia M Co. 30 38
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SA!NFB AN CISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 21— Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
PORT- TO WNSENI>— Arrived July 21— Schr
Henry K Hall, from Honolulu.
ABERDEEN— Arrived • July , 21— Stmrs . O C
Llndauer- and Cbehalls.- hence July 17; stmr
Coronado,' hence- July IB. ,
. ASTORIA— Arrived 'July 21— Br stmr Indra-
Bahma, from Hongkong. ' •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED. ,¦
' - Tuesday, July 21.
Stmr. San ' Pedro, Jacobs. Eureka.
:-•• ¦ ,, DOMESTIC PORTS. , \
13
llR.tl, ESTATE — CITY — FOR SAMS.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO. 6CS Market gt.
AUCTION.
1 AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY July 28, 1D03
At our talpsrocms, OSS Market st.,
at 12 o'clock noon.
FULTON STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
S line of Fulton Ft. 84 feet \V of Puehanan
St.. No*. 717. 71!>. 721, 723. 725. 727. Improve-
ments consist of 2 stores and 4 new flats,
renting for ?SS .10 per month. Lot 27:CxS7:t>.
Mortgage of $f.(X» can remain. This a most
excellent opportunity for a-psfe investment.
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
N line of Pine st. 112:0 feet \V of Taylor
et. No. 1026. Lot 25x75. Improvements con-
sist cf an excellent 2-story house. 10 rooms
and porcelain bath, open modern plumbing.
This property is boi-nd to double ir value
within 5 years.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
"W line of Fillmore ft. 40 feet S of Chestnut
st. 2 fine lots 20xSO each. Excellent location
fcr flats.
MISSION FLATS.
W line of San Jose ave. 125 feet north of
Twenty-fourth st Nos US 118A-B-C rent-
ing fcr $32 a month. 4 flats »in excellent con-
dition. Very lanre lot 37'.6x75. ! JSOOO mort-
gage can remain.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
N line of Day st. 130 feet W of ("lurch st. ;
fine level lot ready for building. 2."xll4.
NOE-STREET COTTAGE.
E line of Noe el. S5 feet N of Twentieth St..
No. 057; extra t\ze lot 28:0x105. This pieca
of property will be sacrificed.
RICHMOND FLATS.
\V line of Wood st. 125 feet S of Point Lo-
bos ave.. Nos. 135. l.C.V. 2 absolutely new
flats .*> and ti rooms and bath. Alwajs rented.
Thl s is a vrry pretty portion of the Richmond
district; must be seen to be appreciated.
LEA VEX WORTH-STREET INVESTMENT.
W 4fne of Lravenworth st. 112 feet N- of
.lacks. n Ft., lirgc lot .'52:6x182:0, Including
right of way to alley running 73:10% W of
Lcavenwcrth bt. thrcush to Jackson Bt. Im-
provements consist of 2 buildinrs used for
laundry purposes, renting for $31 60 a month.
i'OTKERO MANUFACTURING SITE.
E lino of Florida st. 125 feet S of Eighteenth
ft.; large parcel of ground HWS feet frontage
by J<>0 feet depth. O1<J Improvement*, renting
for $12 7."> a month. This is a most desirable
site for manufacturing purposes.
ECRnKA-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
W !ine of Enreka st. 24s feet S cf Seven-
teenth t-t. Extrfernely large lot 49x120 feet.
Property all eenered and street work done.
This property could be Improved with flats
which would bring In a handsome revenue.
For further particular* and catalogue see
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C3S MARKET ST.
NEW house? and flats on Second ave. and C
st. for sale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars: prices to suit you: open.
6-ROOM house on Twenty-first near Castro.
J. ANDERSON, builder.
KEAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, ttock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., C48
Market St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees: near
train and schools; only J2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE,
EUSINESS and residence corner for sale in
Alameda: the NE. corner of Central ave.
ar,d Sixth st.. M feet on Central ave. by
123 feet on Pixth St.. containing cottage of
?> rooms, bath, patent closets, etc., on
Sixth st.; also store building on corner with
living rooms; now doing a fair business; S.
P. narrow gauge station opposite; satisfac-
tory rf-a.vjns for selling. Apply or address
H C. BALLHEIMER. CCl Central ave.. Ala-
meda. en premises.
$SOO — store and two rooms, lot 3.".xl22; close to
station; thickly settled neighborhood; good
for grocery, bakery or notion etore. C. C.
KMSLIE. Ashby Station, or W. C. MORAN.
Lorin Station.
BARGAIN — Well-built 10-room house: murt be
sold: owner leavirir. 2433 Warring st.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
BULL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TERMS 1(T PER CENT CASlT ~.~-.~..-~~
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Fin<» large lots right at the station 0:1 graded
streets: beautiful trees., charming views* no
hills to climb; prices very low; only $8 to
$12 a front foot: will double In value; don't
fall to see them/ over SO lots sola recently:
money advanced for building purposes: tend
for illustrated booklet; agent on tlic ground
Sundays. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OmCE, 1118 BROADWAY. .
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$0000 — NEARLY new, modern colonial cottage
of 6 rooms, high basement, brick founda-
tion, porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing;
•11 in fine condition; lot 50x140 (note the
sire); Street work all done;- stone side-
walks laid; cr-en lawn; choice residence
location near Grove st. ; fine barn, gravel
driveway, garden and a few fruit trees;
must be sold: owner away; cannot be du-
plicated at the price: must be seen to be
appreciated; terms of payment if desired.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
Cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
aAJCL^^D^J^^3^5Jg_FOR- SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap thU month, h".
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh at.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 308
3d rt.: $3 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
FOLSOM. P2.1 — Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping: $1 50 weekly.
BARTLETT. 413. near Twenty-fifth— 4 TargZ
eunny rooms.* gas and. bath. $14. ; ,.¦-
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nished. 1&30 Polk Et. . .-; ;-; v ,
KEARNY. 104 — Sunny unfurnished front suite.
$15; references. 1
LINDEN ave., 3S2 — 2 or 3 nice, clean, sunny
housekeeping rooms; every convenience.
MrALLISTER. 63%— Sunny front furn. room,
$10; gas range, bath, laundry: suit, $7; adult.
MINNA, 206, corner Third — Housekeeping room
to let.
MISSION, M5— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; nice yard for children.
OAK, 117— Extra eunny lurnished suite; gas
range, hot bath, laundry; adults; $12.
STOCKTON. 1200 — Model house; new furnished
housekeeping rooms; $5 and $12.
TAYLOR. 911— Sunny housekeeping room: fold-
ing bed: gas range: $8; single room. $7.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3728. near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window furnished room; nice, neat: com-
plete for housekeeping. Apply 3728 Twenty-
thlrd st.
VALENCIA. 187— Three large, sunny rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping; «eparat«
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
no small children: rent $22 50.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unforn.
A.A.— City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market St.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
¦ Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free or chant*
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or HoteU.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. IS TURK ST., 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A— BRUNSWICK House.. 143 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 50t, $1. $1 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk — 3. 4 and & room apart-
ments for hkpg.; ftrictly mod.; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents:
bath; running water; references. 889 Post st.
BURNETT. 1428 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlfbed • rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FILBERT. S32 — Sunny front furnished room*;
Spanish family. ¦ . . ¦¦
GtfARY. 402 — Furnished eunny front ' rooms,
with or without kitchen; $2 50 to $5 week. ¦
;..'.'/¦ ¦" OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco aa follows:
For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
Skag-way, etc. Alaska — 11 «_
m.. July 20. 23. SO. Aarust
4. Change to company* •
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom— 11
a. m., July 20. 23.-30. August 4. Changs at
Seattle to this company's steamer* for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for T acorn* to N.
P Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka, (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, t :30
p. m., July 21. 27. August 2: Corona, 1:30 p.
m.. July 18. 24. 80. August S.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Aagelea and
Redondo) San Diego and Sant* Barbara—
Eanta Ro'sa, Sunday*. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m. '
For Los Annies (Tia Saa Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa. Barbara, Santa, Crui. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cuyacos. Port Harfordl
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura and Huenam*.
Coos Bay. 8 a. m..' July la, 24, August 1.
For Ensenad*. Magdalena Bay. San Jose, del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La P«Jt Santa Ro-
salia. Guayma (Mex.), 10 . m. 7th of mc*
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to chang* steamers or tail.
"Ticket Offices—* N«w Montgomery
street (Palace HoteU. 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight Office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN. General Pustngvr Acrat.
10 Market St., Saa TnaclsctK
O. R. & IV. CO.
"Columbia," sails July 2i Au«. 1. 11. M. «.
••George W. Elder" sails July IT. 27. An«. «.
lfl 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR. and short rail line from Portland to all
points Eaat. Through tickets to an polntaaH
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets lnclnda berth and
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m S F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Paaa. Dept^l
Montgomery st. : C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agt. FW.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.> * '¦'¦¦:¦
Steamers will lear» wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONO, calling at Kob* (Hlogo),
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
carxo received on board on day of vailing.
SS NIPPON MARU.... Friday. July 31. 1903
s! 8. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 26. 1903
S S* HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma-
nlla) Saturday. Septemb«r 19. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets «t reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
cany*s office 421 Market street, corner First.
*^ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Oceanics.s.to.
a. S ALAMEDA. lor Honolulu. July 23.11 A.M.
S a VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 6. 2 P. M.
S S MARIPOSA. for .TahltLAugust 13.11 A.M.
AMPKKEIS i BMS.W., 1&.J&& flffia.543 lariats*
fr«itO15ct.lM larfcitSL.fltrla. I.PaeiftSl.
C0X7A6OTX 6S5XSALX TBA9SATXJLXTIQ7J
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of •€AQX4
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. ~*-JSW»
North River, foot of Morton stre«*.
First-class to Havre. $70 and u award. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $-i3 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGEN'CY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. S2 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. Saa Pranctscx
Tickets* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Kar • ¦ Island and VsJ3>l</ Stianini
Stiamer GEN. FRISBIE cr MONTICELLO
\): 45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:20 p. m.. *>%. Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. SO cants. T#!.
Main 1503., Fler 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. MATCH
BROS.'
n , wcsxcax rysTapwEirrsJ ~|
A »^* MBE A t . ct Eood P^rci returned from !
a^Z \" ** eold * l creatly reduced prices, i
ie«rtV£ u lrrftn:n)t ni« *re Sfveral of the
<i\ I make *' oth * T bargain*:
I £lrr..)all. walnut upright, celluiord keys..** i
* Hfln » J2.-W to $.»5
• 55SSSV ::::::::; I-VIS
f? ux> ' »»°wed on purchtse; ln-nail-
T;!«? *} Up: P lan =>-Pl»>«Ts from *90 up; new
J:.' an^f_ f r. ORl JUT 00. HEINE PIANO CO..
* 7rr- N A A Y t ° » riefc l- le*l~b> : prt\ate party.
*1O: Ki*at pargain. 237 Gf-ary tt. I
J"«SJ?«r**** Pianos troru fTO. eotr.prU-
•Ph-rJ^t?' fri!n *. Jaeobson. Schwechten.
li.i^^." M * ser - Marshall & Wenfleli.
Li-V?; 8 ' Evrett arid o:tierr; «*aey laymtnti.
•KI.NJ. CURTAZ £ SON. 10-20 O Farrell st.
No tranche Is San Frasrigco.
TH J J V,* rt * k we * iv « B1G BARGAINS instead
o. el* ads." Our pr!ces are «l! lipht and !
"">"**«=» ea»y. THE ZENO MAUVAIS i
__M_VfIC CO.. 7CT Market bU !
BAND ir«tr:nr.cr.t!«: r Ue«Fcn. Parle. maker.
Cus Maiwald. Art. Pac. Coa?t. 278 OFarreii:
tKlilful repairing; Id-ncr.d Instrument* eold. !
E rHT fllrert from the factory sn1 save 50 per
cent. HORNTNG. 210 McAllister st.
! KOHLER A:' CHASE. :i0 O FarreU St.; largest
and oidert rlar.o house.
j MAGNIFICENT Knabe .J-rxial urrtcht pl»no j
at great loss; leaving city. '.»?(' O'FarreU St. .
I BEST rectlnp ri«f".o <n city for *1 per month, j
SCOTT-CUKTAZ PIANO CO.. M0 Hayes «t. j
I BARGAIN: goo<« ujrijrht; rr.uet b» sold at j
ence. SCHMITZ & <X).. 16 McAllister st.
' BOHMER, Byron IfaoXT pianos. Ceellian piano j
; player. BYRON BEACZT. SCS-312 Post ft.
.'SUPERIOR Clol&S, i!th»-rs«. old and new. H j
MH.LFR. msk>-'- > repairer. 2 La'.ham place. !
__ OFFICES AXM STORES TO LET.
; ONE or two »ma!l offices, centrally located, j
I furnished or unfurnished, suitable for flrsl-
« cl&es Ptenoprapher. Box 4002. Call office.
STORE with large basement; near Kearcy st. I
See owner. CJ6 Clay st.. room 1.
EAN'SCME. 712. n-Rr Jackson— Hand*cme large
rtcne to let cheay.
PERSOSALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby tkin. birthmarks.
emallpcx. pitting^ and scan scientifically re-
mcve-3 without cutting, massage, electricity cr !
medicine: rpeclal demonstration* this week.
Ca'.l or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. o71 Geary.
MORPHINE. cp:um and laudanum habits cured
at home by a palnlees home treatment: in- ;
<5or»ed j>nd used by leading physicians; corr*- I
rpondence tlrictly confidential: in r!a:n. *-a>!
envelope: call or write to-day. India I>rug
Cure. Turk ft.; Bruce D. Kirr.rr.is, Mgr.
WANTED— 1*99 men with scalp <2!*ea*e«; los*
cf hair and baldness prevented <can treat by
mail, blank for stamp); consultation free:
8:30 to 6. Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GARLOW. Specialist, room 218. 997 Market.
THE Star Hair Remedy retteres gray hair, im-
proves it* growth; stops failing, cures Candniff
end Itching scalp: no rtain or stickiness;
cleanses cca!p; at druggist*', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Cc^iGeary.
NOT how cheap, but bow good, if the motto ot
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
f-tacdard. the eewlng-macfclne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
rr.anently morphine, cocaine habit. CaJl or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter et. ; fee n-.oderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday anj
Sunday wtulugl at Teutonia Hall. Howard
M.. near Ninth; manapement Prof. Foster.
AT let* than cost, uncalled fcr t'jit?. overcoats
ard UOUW, at CHARLES LYONS'. Lesion
Tailor. 721 Market gt.
ELEGANT m;ts on ca*y infia!lm»nt»: 50 cents
end up j~r week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
k»t tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
fcl-'ITS to order or. in*-talln;er.ts. (1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tai!ors.727-720 Market. !
ALL etyles hairdresfing. 25c; hair goods; manl-
curlnr 25c. G. LEDEKER. 123 Stockton «.
TAILOR-MADK in;lt $7 &0; dress par.ts $2 50.
Uitfit Clcthirp Parlor, cor. Buih and Dupont-
Fl'l'ERFLUOL'S hair and moles removed by
'Metric needle. Pr.&-Mrg.Traverse.ll70Market.
UAMCOUOE cof.umw. play books. wl<s.
«-cur.try crders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores rray
V.alr to i:s natural color: $1: at all druscists.
Surrf.upu* hair & moles removed with eJec-
tr!c needle. Mrs. & MU> Eaton. Ilia Sutter.
VARICOSE v-ins and catarrh <-ured at home.
C«;; cr write 'i-T testimonial*. Dr. WILL-
TAVP CO . I4f» <\~*r\- n «e. y
palmist:* v.
M. BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 65 Third rt.:
ladle*. C5c: gents. 50c; hrs.10-9 <ex. Sunday).
PAPERHAXGIXG. PAINTING. ETC
KOCUS papered. *3 SO up: tinting, palming.
Hartrr.arn Paint Co.. 315 3d st. : tel. Main 41?
.PHYSICIANS AND £URGEO\S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and~resTdenc«]
1021 Vs Market et.. bet. Sixth ana £e%-enth.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. ".era doctor:
treat* aJI diseases of the human tody; for
past four year* at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at €C7 Geary et.. near Leaves worth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. euccessor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use cf herba aad teas. 727 Washington st.
ELOOD fkin and rectal diseases a *peciaitr7
DR. BALL. 1037H Market st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
»ax-« cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay rt.
— -'^^r^ — »
n EXIL^EST ATE— -CI T Y FO R SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do Tcu Want to Make Money?
Then Select Lots in Our New Blocks.
Choicest Locations. Lowest Prices. Easiest
Terms.
$300 to $1000. Sunset District. All Graded
ecd Sewered. $10 Monthly.
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H
Street, Open Sundays and Holidays.
"Oeeanside" Lets, Jurt Being Graded!
Nothing Like It Ever Offered Here!
Every Lc* Has a Superb Ocean and Park
•"^ View!
H Street. 46th. 47th end 4Sth Avenues.
Fronting Park and Ocean Electric Line.
Onljr Graded Boulevard Lots Fronting Ocean!
Don't Mies Seeing Them To-Day!
All Sold on Easy Terms'.
Call for Diagrams and Prices!
Oeeanside Branch Office on Forty-ninth Avenue •
. and K Etreet. Open Sundajf
New Level Lots in Excelsior Homeste&d.
Only J2O0 Each, $3 Monthly.*
Near Mission-rtreet Electric Car Line.
*12no. $2000 to $3000, 4, 5 and 6-Room Modern
Cottages in Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
UomestcsQ. Eaiy Terms.
60L GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 1-4, Chronicle Building.
JOPFTPH STRAUB. 630 Market St
$«0;>0 — 2 flats, 8 rooms, baw-mt-nt; rear house
4 rooms; bastment of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
b*Tt «6.
$2500— 2-ttory house of 12 rooms; basement
Ot 5 room*; peps -19 per cent.
j'-.rviv— C.od income property; nice locality;
5 bar- window fiats; basement; sun all day;
V»yt over II r #r cent.
£K»o — Hous* and lot near M ft. and Tenth
«vt.; south of park.
Nice level l^t*. on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
t-. «> . easy installment or cash; couth of park;
marine view.
*200— Choice level lot?, ready to build on;
Excelsior Hon;enead: Mission: Installment.
A BARGAIN. '
A :, ov * Iy l!? m *- T rooms, bath and basement;
tnjllt in 1IK-1 by a manter mechanic and con-
tctor for his own use and thoroughly done;
— ireuiar windows; inlaid polished floors; par-
lore, birdseye maple; hall oak; others In
harmony: crsr.d view; private gas plant;
very tasteful!]; finished; mut be seen to be
appreciated; investigate; complete; $60O>;
house alot>e,$450Q. MQSSMAN.^0 Market.r.5.
$1&00 PAYMENT on 2 new flats on Mission
* l » VL : * ! " **>' 22 pr ct: rents $43 mo.
I1..00 payment en 2 new flat* on Army st..
nr. Mission; will pay 2<» p r c t; rertu $38 mo.
D. COFFIN, ayq Minion st. Op^n Sunday.
1 ?^ 1^ CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANT. 511-M2 Callashan buildinj, will buy
5-ou a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment: $8 per month pays principal and
interest on fach_tK*K> of balance due.
Park on Carl. Cole.Phrader A Parnassus are.;
(tlens. term*, prices to suit- annlv nremlses
?£MES P.OUNTREE^ CO.-, m
*"°^ n ,'^Z n^rt 7" 8 ' : hl|?h h»«ement: sunny
tiAf luth. btt. \aUnria * Mission; no re*;.
, offer refund. Sle ; ,fcr- ng & Cm Pow ,,,,
FOR aale— A lovely home near Glen Park See
|PhotO.« MOS.2MANE. 800 Market. rSom 3
creek. boat at 11 o'clock. Please omit flow-
¦ ers." • • -• • • " ¦ ' ". : :.'*---N*V' : •'
MALONEY— In this city. July 20, 1003. Den-
. nis, beloved brother of John T.. Michael and
Timothy Maloney and Mrs. P. Kenny, a na-
tive of County Cork. Ireland, aged 24 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday)., at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O"Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where mass
will be celebrated for the reiKjse of his soul
at 9-o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARLOW— In this city. July 21. 1903, Sidney
William, beloved child of William L. and
• Josephine A. Marlow, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months and 23 days. .
O'CONNELL— In this city. July 21, 190.1, An-
nie, dearly " beloved daughter of John 'and
Kate O'Connell, and sister of Julia. Joe. Jeff,
Dan. . Alice, Eddie, Willie and May O'Con-
' iit-ll. a native of San Francisoc, aged 23
years 5 months and 19 days.
VT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at; 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 5B McLea court, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'HANLON— In this city, July IS. 1903. Ed-
ward O'Hanlon. a native of Ireland, aged »0
• years. ¦
.EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ''to attend the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of -Me Avoy & Co.. 1239 Market street,
thence -to St. -Brendan's Church, where a
fcolemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose - of his soul, commencing at ti
o'clock; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city. July 19, 1905. Bridget
Agnee, dearly beloved, wife of William
O'Keefe, daughter. of John and Mary Melia.
mother of William, Daniel J. and John E
O'Keefe and sister of Mrs. M. Loftus 'and
Mary. Abble, Katie. James and Michael
O'Keefe, a native of, County Mayo, Ireland,
aged 38 years. (Massachusetts papers please
. copy.)' •
G7"Frlendii and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Wednesday), at u o'clock, from her late
residence, <& Blake street, off Point Lvboa
road, thence to Holy Cross Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
. o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REICHHOLD— In Oakland, July 21. 1003.
Louisa Reichhold. mother of Louts and Fred-
erick W. H. Reichbold. a native of Ger-
many, a«ed 62 years. ' . • , . .
ECHN1EDEK— In this city, July 19, 1903, Mar-
saret M. Schnieder, dearly beloved mother of
Francis Joseph and David D. Schnieder, sis-
ter of Mrs. Mary McKee and Katie and John
Reed of Lowell, Mass., and cousin of Jamen
Garrlty of "- this city and Henry Oarrlty of
Lowell, Mass., a native of Lowell. Mass.,
aged til years. (Lowell, Mass., and Read-
ing, Pa., papers please copy.)
C7Friend6 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, July 22, 1903. at 8:S0 o. 1 clock, from her
late residence. 1751B Howard street, corner
of Eric,- thence to the Church of St. Charles
Borromeo, corner of Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated, for the repose of her soul,
commencing, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SHELDON— At Inwood Farm. Sonoma County.
July 18. 1903, Henry H. Sheldon, beloved
husband of Laura P. Sheldon, and father o»
Dexter B.. Laura F.. Frederick N. and
Henry F. Sheldon and Mrs. Mary M. Oettl,
aged 82 years and 11 months,
SMITH— In thU city. July 19. 1903, Isaac Platt
Smith, beloved brother of Albert C. William
and George E. Smith, a native of New York,
aged 68 years 3 months and' 20 days.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. July 26, 1903, at 10 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. WOO
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STENSON— In this city. July 20, 1903, Robert
J.. dearly beloved husband of Ellen Stenson.
brother of Maria Stenson. and uncU of Rob-
ert P. Kavanagh. a native of County Kll-
dare. Ireland, aged 76 years and 3 months.
(CTFrlends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wedneeday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence. 464 Hickory avenue, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10:30 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WAGNER— In this city. July 21. 1903. Lydia,
beloved daughter -of Fred and Frances Wag-
ner, and sister of Frances Wagner, a native
of San Francisco, aged 11 months and 22
days. -
hardt, Mrs. AT D". 'Cameron, ilra." A.'. C. Le-
deme. Mrs. H. J.' Breuerand the late Wal-
ter A. Burkhardt. a native of Frankfort.
Germany, aged . ta> years I \ jnonth . and 25
days. * A member of ' Veteran Firemen and
I Bay City Lodge N.p.. 71, .!..£. O. F.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully.' invited to' attend the funeral' Wednes-
, day. July 22, 1003. -from Odd Fellows' Hall.
Seventh and Market streets, where services
,'wlll be held,runder '.tli* 'auspice* of 'Bay City
. Lodge, ¦ commencing at 1:30 o'clock," thence
. by. electric funeral .car from Eighteenth »nd
1 Guerrero streets.* -"Interment, Mount JOllvet
; Cemetery. , fStigffctV
OFFICERS- and' members of the Veteran Vol*
uhteer Firemen'* Association ' will '¦ please
.assemble at hall, 2S3_ Jessie street, on
'- Wednesday; " July 22. at 12:30~"pT m. sharp,
¦to attend . the funeral of our- late brother,
George Burkhardt. By order .
. ; "-^ s. BDNNER," President.
J J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Sec. : .
CLAYBURGH— In this city, July 20, 1903,
Albert, dearly beloved husband of the la W
Lflutia ClayDurgh, father of Bella, Delia. Etta
and Carrie Clayburgh.' Mrs, George 'Hewlett,
Lee H. and .Louis A.. Clayburgh, and brother
of Mosca and Simon Clayburgh : and Mrs.
Lena . Konlsshelm. a ..native of Bergentrich,
Westphalia,. I Germany, . aged ¦'. 69 oeara 11
' months and- 6 days. ;';¦ .-• {-S'V •',
* ICFrlends end acquaintances are" respect-
1 fully* Invited ta attend th* funeral to-day
; (Wednesday), at U:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3216 Masonic avenue. Inteimeut
Home of Peace Cemetery, by. 11:30 o'clock
train f<om Third and Townsend itreeta.
COONEY— In this city. July 19, 1003, William
M., beloved son of Catherine and the late
Judge ' M. Cooney, beloved husband of Isabel
B. Cooney, and father of John A. Cooney, a
native of San Fj-anclsco.
[CT Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the •' funeral to-day (Wednesday),
from his late residence, ,468 ¦¦Fell street,
thenoe to Sacred Heart Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated forjthe
repose- of his soul, commencing at J>:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Kindly omit flowers.
DEMAREST— In Berkeley, July 21, 1003. Mrs.
Lena, wife of J. D. Demarest. mother of
, Ella, Blandtna and Reynaldo Demarest. and
sister of Miss Fahrenberg and O. V. Lang,
a native of New Jersey, aged 45 years and
• 0 months. .
DUFOUR— In this city, July 21, 1903. Mary
Jane, beloved wife of Franklin Dufour, and
mother of John J., Samuel F., William P..
Maurice and Mary F, /Dufour. Mrs. B. F.
Splllman and Mrs. F. L. Robb, a native of
Gray Abby, County Down, Ireland, aged 78
years 1 month and 7 days; (Los Angeles
Times and Riverside Enterprise please copy.)
FLEISCHMAN— In this City.. July 20, 1903,
John, beloved husband of Anna Fleischman,
father of Mrs. W. F. Rochester, and brother
of Mrs. William Hessler and Charles and
George Flelschman, a native of Ooelhelm,
Germany, aged 72 years 8' month* and 14
days. A member of Walhalla Encampment
No. 7, I. O. O. F.; Harmony Lodge No. 13,
1. O. O. F., and Eureka Grove No. 4, 'Druids.
(New York papers please copy.)
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to- morrow
< Thursday), at 2 o'clock. . from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner of Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Harmony Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at
the funeral parlors of the II. F. Maaas Com-
pany. U17 Mission street.
FRAZER— In this city. July 21, 1903, Henry
C. beloved husband of Belle C. Frazer, and
brother of Miss Susan C. Fraxer of Lan-
caster. Pa., Reah Frazer of the U. S. N. at
Philadelphia. Pa., and Wilson Frazer of
Philadelphia. Pa., a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 03 years 4 months and 3 days. The de-
ceased was a member of Franklin Lodge No.
221, F. and A. M.. ot Pittsburg, Pa.; Sacra-
mento Royal Arch Chapter No. 3 and Sacra-
mento Council No. 1, Royal and Select Mas-
ters, of Sacramento, Cal., and- Golden Gate
Commandery No. 16 of San Francisco and
Islam Temple. Mystic Shrine.
ICTThe services will be Tield under the
auspices of Golden Gate Commandery No. 16.
Friends and acquaintances are. respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral services Thurs-
day. July 23, at 3 p. m., at the chapel of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
GEARY— In this city. July 21. 1903, Henry
Joseph, beloved husband of the late Jennie
F. Geary, father of Harry J. and Thomas
Geary, and brother of Thomas J. and Daniel
Geary, a native of Boston, Mass,, aged 42
years 4 months and 8 days.
IE7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chaoel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co.. lftOO Mlpslon street, between Fifteenth
an* Sixteenth.
GRIFFIN— In this city. July 21, 1003. Mary
L.. beloved wife of Frank D. Griffin, and
mother of Bertram Griffin, and sister of
John L. Ferris, a native of San Francisco,
aged 36 years 7 months and 21 days. A mem-
ber of Y. L. I. No. 3.
ETFrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late,
residence, 3«12 Twenty -second, street, thence
to St. James Church, where a req'uiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose^/ of
her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and Member* of Young Ladles' In-
6ltute "No. 3: You are 'hereby requested to
attend the funeral of our late sister, Mrs.
Mamie Griffin, Thursday. July 23. from her
late residence. 3812 Twenty-second street.
MAMIE DEASY. Pres..
BELLE G. BOYLE, Sec.
GRIFFIN— In this city, July 21. W03. Jamei
Griffin, a native of England, aged 54 years.
HANSON— In West Berkeley. July 20. 101W.
Annie, beloved wife of Charles Hanson, ' a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y.. aged 43 years tt
. months and 14 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services.
Wednesday atternoon. July 22. 1903, at 2
o'clock, at the Church of the Good Shepherd,
corner Ninth and Bristol streets, West
Berkeley. ¦ Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
HARRIS— Entered Into rest. In this city, July
19, 1903. Dora Harris, beloved mother of
Slgmound Harris, Mrs. W. Gans, Mr*. Ida
Sell* of Seattle and the late Isador Harris,
a native of Prussia, aged 82 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 10 o'clock, fromsher late residence'
StM McAllister street. Interment Salem
Cem-tery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets depot. Please omit
flowers.
HOWELL — In this city, July 21, inai ElllnoT
H. Howell, a native of New York State
aged 55 years 2 months and 25 days. (Phila-
delphia papers please copy.)
C7" Friend p and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral services at Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery to-day (Wednesdav), July 22
1003. at 3 p. m.
JACOBS— In this city. July lf>, ll>03. Infant
1 daughter of Hyme and J. Stella Jacob*. 1
JOHNSON — In this city, July 21, in03, Ellse
Johnson, a native of France, aged 61 years.
KIERSKI— In this city. July 21. 1903. William
beloved husband of Malvina Klerskl, beloved
father, of Mrs. Albert Wllzln, Mrs. Hannah
Kaplan and George, Fred and Henry Klerskl
, and brother of Mrs. Amelia L. L^szynnky a
native of Germany, aged 66 years 10 month*
and 23 days. . • •
(?TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
KREYE— In Alameda, July 21. 1003. John L,
beloved husband of Anna L. Kreye, and de-
voted father of Lizzie Kreye, a native of
Melnbursr, Germany, aged 61 years. A mem-
ber of Hannoveraner Vereln. (Sacramento
papers please copy.) ' ,
C7"Notlce of iuneral hereafter.
LEON— In New York, July 20, 11)03. Phil Leon
beloved brother of Mrs. S. Korper. 1
LINDEN— In this city, July 19, 1903. Edward
J., beloved husband of the late Mary Linden
father of Edward J. and Frank J. Linden'
Mrs. Charles Stenzel, Mrs. John Hair and
the. late Catherine Linden. Fahrman and
brother of Daniel Linden. ¦ a native of Ire-
land, aged 70. years 2 months and 0 days.
LOHNER— In this city, July 20, 1003. Albert
Lohner, beloved brother of Charles E. Loh-
ner; a,nativo of San-franclsco, aged 50 years.
LYONS — In Los Angeles, July 19. 1903, Cath-
erine M.. dearly beloved daughter of Mrs
Annte Lyons and' the late Richard J. Lyons,
and sister of Richard J. Lyons, Mrs. W. T.
. Grubb and Mrs. J. Kenny, a native of San
Francisco.
•C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, between Union and Green thence
to St. Francis Church, Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue, where a requiem high
ma^s will be celebrated for the repose of her
, bouI, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
I Holy Cross Cemetery.' ' • . ¦
MANNING— In this city, July 20, 1003. Thomas
J.,-. dearly beloved husband of Mollle ¦ U.
Manning, loving son of Mrs. Sarah J. Man-
ning, and brother of the late Mrs. William
W. Schlff, a native, of Manchester, England,
aged 34 years ' 4 * months and . 20 days: A
member of Oakland, Cal., Lodge No. 171,
B. P. O. of Elks, and Golden Gate Camp
No, 64, Woodmen of the WorM. (Birming-
ham. Conn., papers - please copy.)
<E7Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend • the funeral > to-day
(Wednesday). ¦ at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2217 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's /Church, Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:45 o'clock. .Interment
. private. . St. Mary' a Cemetery, Oakland, via
B NEAREST THE CITY ¦ -~\\
\ t OFFICE: 916 MARKET SJ. jj
H ENRY J. CALLACHER CO
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, . Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth Et., opposite Lincoln- School. , ¦ -
Telephone South 80. . . ;
UNITED UNDERTAKERS;
Funeral Directors and" Embalmen-
• ' Formerly In Metropolitan Temple; -. .• '¦-
Now at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167/ .v -I '
• Between Fourth' and Fif th, • Near; Fifth St. '¦'
. Finest Equipments at Moderate Rate*.
ROOMS TO LET— Fern, ami TJnforn.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night: ?2 to ?6 week: reading-room.
HOTEL' ST. VINCENT. 641 Sixth— Beautifully
furnished rooms; tingle or en suite; $1 per
wetk up. . . . ¦ , ,..;...•
JESSIE. 359— Two nicely furnished trcnt rooms,
$10-$7i back room. $5: ,gas... phone. _;
LARKIN. 81«H — Large; sunny front room; use
piano < If desired; $15 per month. -. •;»
1514 MISSION., near Eleventh— Sunny single
front room; private house,: $1 25 per week.*
O'FARRELL.' 20 — Sunny furnished rooms. and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day. .week. mo.
ROYAL House.. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies', par-
lor: rooms per. night. 35c to $150: week,- $2
to SS; month. ?S to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.-
¦ — * i : — : ! — t"
TO LET — A newly furnished front bay-window
room in new modern flat, with use of bath;
15 TOinutep from Third and Market sts.; north
1 side cf Market: handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Box 13. Call office.
TURK. 416. Regir.a — Beautiful sunny suites tc
single: latest Impts: lowest- rates in the city.
UNITED STATES 123 Eddy St.. riear Market
— tOO single and family rooms; 35c' to $1
nlrht; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator, electric
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Renpvated; handsoma
sunny furnished suites front rms; mod.'.conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel.44'3d sC. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights: readinK-room: free bus; baggage.
•¦ • rooms and; board. - '
BOARD at a coiy, 'prettily situated ranch, close
to city. . perfect climate; no children: being
hlgli and dry:'speclally"adapted forthose *uf-
¦ ferlng from rheumatism or. lung trouble.' Ad-
dress box K4, Sunol, Alameda County.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
a Strictly first-class family hotel: sunny rooms,
suite or single: billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 1714— Select private boardlng-
house; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
. cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California at.— Attractive ln-
terlor: exceptional table; free bllllard-room.
TABLE board .In family hotel; very cheap.' C
P. H.. box 1830. Call. / ' ,
THE JOHNSON. 60S O' Farrell St.— Sunny
suites and single rooms, with board: rets.
ROOMS AND BOARD WAXTEd!
WANTED— 2 or 3 furnUhed or partly furnished
rooms, parlor floor, near Jefferson Square
preferred; references. Box B, 300 Hayes fit.
SEWIXG MACHINES A.VD SUPPLIES
$15 50 drop-head oak, guaranteed: second-hand.
$6 to $15; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M. Exchange, 033 Mkt.
Et.. bet. 6th and 6th; phone South 433; eleva-
tor; branch. 285 Geary st. ; phone Main 750.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH?loEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 204 Sutter st.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye, ear. nosa and
throat. Removed to 428 Edly st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PI ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
Mission st. : tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
! pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STCTTEBIXG AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^TY^PEWRnrERsl^W^
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. < • ¦
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co., 209 Sansom*.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco. July 20, 1903. — At
a regular meeting of the board of directors
of this company, held THIS DAY, a dividend
! was declared, payable on and after July 22,
1903. LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
I DISSOLUTION OF CO-PARTNERSHIP.
The undersigned members of the firm of
MITCHELL BROS., groceries, doing busi-
ness at 2!W9 Twenty-fourth st.. hereby give
notice that the above firm is dissolved from
date by mutual consent, and that FRANK J.
MITCHELL will continue the said business,
assuming all outstanding liabilities, and will
collect all accounts due said firm.
FRANK J. MITCHELL.
JOHN MITCHELL.
San Francisco. July 17, 1003. |
PROPOSALS. —
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, office of
California Debris Commission, Flood build-
ing. San Francisco, Cal.. July 21. 1903 —
Sealed proposals for building portion* of dam*
< known as Barriers Nos. 1 and 2) on Yuba
River. Yuba County, about 14 to 15 miles
above Mary»vllle, Cal., will be received here
until 12 noon, August 5, 1903, and then pub-
licly opened. Information furnished on ap-
plication. R. P. JOHNSTON, Captain, En-
glneers. Secretary. i
MAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: • t
John Gannon, 30, 243 Fremont street, and
Katie C. Murphy, 23. 77 Rausch street.
Arthur S. Rosenblatt. 21, 2901 California
street, and Carrie G. Sachs, 21, 615' Leaven-
worth street. ,
Joseph W. Pfaff. 30, 6106 California street,
and Alma E. Smith. IS, 6106 California street.
Antonio La Bue, 21, 000. Greenwich street,
and Rosa Gallurlo, IS, l>0« Greenwich street.
Gerbrand Jansens. 24, 702 Vallejo utreet, and
Adele. L. Green, 32. 702 Vallejo street.
Julius P. Gerlcke, 23, city, and Therese H.
Corrler, 21, city.
Nlcolal F. Marxen, 45. 263 Perry street, and
Mary A. Krone. 50, 26.1 Perry street.
James McColgpn, 32, 615 Howard street, and
Mary Crowlt-y, 29, city.
Peter F. Roller, 21. 408 Geary street, and
Cora B. Lutz. lft. 403 Geary street. ¦ ¦
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at eltber of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
> i^ B0BN.
MICHELSEN— In this city. July 21. 1903, to
the wife of Ferdinand Mlchelsen (nee Rode),
a daughter.
SMITH— In this city. July 17. 1903, to the wife
of Al Smith, a son. .
MARRIED.
DUNKER— ROEMER— In this city, July 20
1003., by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Adolph John
Dunker and Minnie Dorris Roemer. "
HOPKINS— DAVIDS— In Dawson. Canada
July «. 1003. by the Rev. Dr. Grant, F. M.
Hopkins of Daweon and Tlllie K. Davids of
San Francisco. ...
SHIPMAN— PHEIFFER— In this city, July 20
1W)3, by the Rev, J. Fuendellng, Lloyd L.
Bhlpman of Kansas City and Pauline A.
Phelffer of San Francisco.
VON AHNDEN— DEOENER— In this city.
July 14, 1003, by the Rev. J. Fuendellnc,
John Henry von Ahnden and Martha Louise
Mathllde l>egener. - ' ¦¦ ' v - . ¦ ¦ .
~~ ~ DIED. — —
Bergman. Emma Kreye, John L.
Burkhardt, George Leon. PhlT '
Clayburgh, Albert Linden, Edward J.
Cooney, William M. Lohner, Albert •
Demarest. Mrs. Lena Lyons. Catherine M.
Dufour. Mary J. Manning, ¦ Thomas ¦ J.
Flelschman. John Maloney.- Dennis -,
? Frarer, Henry C. Marlow, Sidney .W.
Geary. Henry J. • O'Connell, Annie
Griffin, Mary L. ' O'Hanlon. Edward
, Griffin, James O'Keefe, Bridget A.
Hanson, Annie Retchhold, Louisa ¦
Harris. Dora -Schnieder, Margaret
Howell, Elltnor H. Sheldon. Henry H.
Jacobs, Infant Smith, Isaac P.- >
Johnson, Ellse Stenson; Robert J.
Kierskl, William Wagiw, Lydia 1
BERGMAN— July 19, 1903. Mrs. Emma Berg-
man, dearly beloved widow of August Berg-
man, daughter of. Mr. and Mrs. S.. Nelson,
and sister of Mrs. R. F, Simmon and Nellie,
Gilbert. Fred and Frank Nelson, a native of
San Jose, Cal., aged 23 years 1 month and
18 days. . \ . .
BURKHARDT— In Taylorvllle. July 20,' 1903.
George, beloved husband of the late Anna
Burkhardt, and father of George. rAlbert,
Hubert, Edward, Frank 'and Nettle 'Burk-Judge- Murasky yesterday cited the
members of the Board of Public .Works
to appear before him on July 27 and show
cause why they should not .be ! punished
for contempt for ¦ falling to obey: a .court
order directing them to remdVe certain
fences in the • University ¦ Mound • district.
The citation was issued on petition of Q.
W. Round y. :*
Board of Public .Works Cited.
¦'"Vacation 1903,',' : Issued I by, this company,
tells where to* fcunters can stop,! terms/, etc. , *
¦ To kill a deer.' Is an ambition we all possess.
We are never too' old . or too young for this
sport.' b lf we could only Jump up and "get
there" quick! In this respect the residents of
the bay counties 'have the advantage over the
residents . of. any other ' part' of the United
States..' Mendocino .-and . Sonoma counties : are
practically a deer. park and only a few hours"
ride from San Francisco. . Leaving San Fran
cisco In the morning,' the. hunter reaches Wll-
Uts, In the heart of Mendocino County, In time
for dinner.- and Qeyservllle, Cloverdale, Hop
land, Uklah and other Intermediate rail points
c6nslderably"earlier/'lf you'do not plug a deer
that evening : you : are = in good shape . for an
early morning start. The deer throughout this
section, - along , the .. California Northwestern
Railway, are more plentiful .this; season than
for years.' The game has. been, well protected.
So • many, of the farmers take boarders, they
have learned the value of deer as an attrac
tion,- and- have Joined hands with' the" law In
protecting them.N - . ••• ' • ' ,
The open eeason, for deer in Sonoma County
Is from July > 15! to August 31, inclusive, and
In '; Mendocino County;. until September 3a In
clusive. ». : , -;%"•¦ ¦".¦*¦": ¦'¦•"'•• • : -
• For how many months doea thli "tale of hit
shoot" interest • himself, If not his friends.
Mis recital may: vary,' but no matter how many
he may tell; of. having seen after (hooting this
one,, and . how - easily - he ! could have brought
them down (but- not how many 'he may have
shot' at)' he will'- Invariably wind up by stat
ing that he Is a • "gentleman' sport", and would
not ¦ kill more than . the - one, - that being suffi
cient for the- time for himself and friends.. '
-There Is . nothing. that affords so much.pleas
ure to the busy' denizen of the city as the kill-'
ins of a deer. How joyfully, and buoyantly he
will carry -to his camp or summer ..boarding
house a lead that In the city he would con
sider nt only for a horse. Ww'vwhat prkle he
will- show it to: US'. friends and dilate on the
details olr his, successful 'hunt. And If ladles
be present, he ocon r begins to feel himself a
hero.' ; ¦ •' • :'¦'.:'.' ¦ ¦':' ¦;-*'•
The grain men outside of the "Big
Four" who succeeded , in haying ' a' nom
inating committee brought In that was .to
leave McNear off ' the , ticket ; carried out
their programme yesterday at the polls.
The lowest vote for any candidate other
than for the present president of the ex
change'was 55 votes. McNear. had but
two votes for director. ;The full .vote: as
officially announced was as follows :! ;¦ Wil
liam Babcock, 68; W. H. Crocker.. 73 ;. : ;.W.
J. Dutton, 72; E.~> W. Hopkins,'. 73; Juda
Newman, 71; R. P. Schwerin, 73; H.'Sher
wcod, 55; Leon SIoss, 73; F. W. Van Sick
len, 73; F. M. Wheelan, 68; E.'K. Wood,
73; G. W. McNear, 2. l :^-^ j, I;
The judges of election "were ; Emlle
Gauthler, E. Mehlert and "A. A.vAdler.
After the election the result was posted.
The new board of directors will meet to.
morrow to elect , a new president, secre
tary and other officers. G.' W. McNear,
not being a member of the board, : is \ de
barred under the i . by'laws of the: ex;
change from re-election as president.
The Merchants' Exchange yesterday
persisted In Its plan not to' re-elect. its
president, George W. McNear. The, elec
tion of directors took place and' while the
old board was re-elected with only one
exception, that exception was George W.
McNear. ¦ ¦"'¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ -. . ¦ . • •.
Outside Grain Men Carry Out Pro
gramme to Keep McNearjOut
of New Board. . >.
So Say They All.
The cafe at Hztel Clarendon Is pronounced
by connoisseurs to be the finest west of New
York. A la carte, at popular prices, and the
best service imarinable. 543 Post street, be
tween Mason and Taylor. A. D. Renfro,
manager.
Animals Unfit for Work".
Peter Reid, foreman for John Kelso,
contractor, was arrested yesterday by
Policeman W. T. Hooper and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of cruelty
to animals. Hooper says that he went
out to Twenty-first avenue and Eighth
Etreet and found 20 horses and mules at
•work. Out of the number two horses and
four mules were totally unfit for work
of any kind.
Pictures and Frames.
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures,
and everybody can have them nicely
framed If they will let us do the framing.
New moldings, new matboards and bind
ing papers Just received. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. •
Tries to End Life.
Maria "Wilson, a recent arrival in the
city, being without funds or means,
sought to end her life by turning on the
gas in her room in a rooming-house at
Montgomery avenue and Kearny street
Monday njght The odor of the escaping
fluid attracted the attention of the night
watchman,, who had the woman sent to
the Emergency Hospital, where she soon
recovered.
One-fourth of the people on the earth
die before the age of 6, one-half before
the age of 16 and one person In every
hundred lives to the age of 65.
Reduced rates on household goods to ft from
the East & South. Brkln's. 11 Montgomery St.*
The Investment In the Government
printing office Is $2,423,000.
All bine paper Is not Bank gtock paper, but
Bank Etock oaoer Is always bine and has Us
watensark. Hold It to tbe light and tte. •
The estimates of the population of Pe
king vary from 500.000 to 1.600,000. • .
Without peeing the. Diamond Palace
¦would be like visiting Europe without see-
Ins Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco and is conceded to be the most
beautiful jewelry Ftore in the' world.
Visitors or purchasers equally welcome.
221 Montgomery St., bet. Bush and Pine.*
To Visit San Francisco
Joseph Bibbon, who is employed in the
Del Monte Dairy at 1919 Bush street, se
cured warrants from Police Judge Ca
baniss yesterday for the arrest of Jere
miah Raidy. Arthur Marron.'John Egan
and Paul Bannuchi on a charge of dis
turbing the peace. He said he had spent
the evening with the four defendants and
after he got. into bed at the dairy »ey
broke open his bedroom door and played
the hose on him.
Played the Hose on Him.
Ladles Did Not Get Disappointed
When Kelly & Liebes. 120 Kearny street,
announced their great removal sale and
that prices will be so low that all the
ladies would talk about the sale. They
did not disappoint the public. The cloaks,
suits, skirts and waists are selling at such
low prices that the store Is continually
crowded with buyers. Special new bar
gains are placed on the counters daily.
Everybody talks about the $30 tailor suits
pelline at $12 50. •
John Ryan, who was charged with
grand larceny, agreed to plead guilty to
petty larceny before Police Judge Ca-
Lacles yesterday and the Judge sentenced
him to serve five months in the County
Jail. John Davis, captain of a scow
Fchooner, wandered into a dance hall at
Jackson and Kearay streets on Saturday
right and while dozing on a chair Ryan
*toie a 520 gold piece out of "his pocket
and spent half- of it in drinks for the
•women who frequent the place.
Took Another Man's Coin,
Janet.Arodlri, the^/our-year-old daugh
ter of Adolph Arodin,' fell out of a second
story window at her home,' 11 Scott place,
at 8 o'clock last night. Dr. Musante was
called- In -and "said he' feared the child's
skull had .been* fractured. She was re
moved to the Children's Hospital.
Child Falls From Window.
. Immediately upon- receipt of the brief
from his Holiness, Leo-XIII, Father Li
bert, wrote, toTArchbishop* Riordan asking
to* be consecrated": Bishop in San Fran
cisco. Archbishop Riordan at once replied,
Inviting Father Libert' to come to this city
for. the purpose' of the r ceremony.
-The Bishop died January 4, last, and on
May 12 Father Libert • received a cable
message from the Superior General of tbe
Order of- the Sacred Heart in Paris first
telling him that he," had been appointed
successor to the late Bishop; then, on
June 10, last, -Father Libert received his
briefs from Leo XIII, announcing his ap
pointment as Bishop, of- Zeugma, the ec
clesiastical tltle,held by the 1 present Arch
bishop Farley when coadjutor to the late
Archbishop Corrigari of 'New York. The
title has. nothing at" all to do with the
church or .mission J of the Hawaiian
Islands, but is a title :taken "from one of
the ancient dioceses of : Syria.
. The "Bishop, feeling that his recovery
was uncertain, appointed Father Libert
.Pro-Vicar or- administrator, which prac
tically* placed him in charge of the whole
of the mission of the Hawaiian Islands.
IS CREATED BISHOP.
and before leaving that district, in 1895,
he had the satisfaction of seeing a third
church erected in the locality. He then
removed to "\Vailuku, r the central part of
the island, and while there his services
were • also required at three other mis
sions. There he found schools in excel
lent condition and' doiiiR much good, the
boys' school-being under the direction of
brothers and the girls'- school conducted
by the . Franciscan Sisters of Syracuse,
New York. ' ' " ' ¦
Father T Llbert' remained . at Wailuku
until December. last, when, hearing of the
serious illness of Bishop Gulstan Ropert,
he hastened to his side at Hllo to give
him spiritual comfort in what proved to
be a fatal illness:
Father Libert was appointed to the mis T
6ion of the Hawaiian Islands In 18S1. In
1882 he was stationed with the mission at
Kauai. and worked 1 diligently throughout
that northern part of the island. So sat
isfactory were the young priest's- labors
that he was transferred in 1833 to the
southen part of Kauai. He built chapels
In the northern districts, adding: to the
already established places of worship of
the Roman Catholic faith. One- of the
churches built through his instrumental
ity bears the native name, Lihue. He
also added churches in the; southern part
of the island to the already established
places of worship.
Father Libert, after 'much, .work' and
perseverance, erected a church at Eleele
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
ELECTS ITS DIRECTORS
YOUNG PRIEST LABORS.
The Bishop-elect was born in Antwerp in
1857. He is a sturdy man- with- distin
guished bearing and is genial, extremely
kindly in manner and considerate to a
degree. • • .
Father Libert before leaving the islands
was almost prepared to hear of tlTe, death
of the Holy Father, the daily cables to
Hawaii having conveyed , reports' that
gave warning of the approaching end of
the Pontiff. • .' . ', * -
The consecration will therefore have
much that is saJ for the Bishop : elect,
as his appointment by Leo XIII'. may be
said to have been one of the j Pontiff's
last acts. . . •"'•¦•
bert Boeynaems from the: Ha
waiian Islands. Father Libert has ar
rived in San Francisco with | a. brief : from
the late Pontiff, Leo XIII, creating him
Bishop of Zeugma, to which high office
he will be consecrated at 8 o'clock on Sat
urday, morning at St. Mary's Cathedral
by his Grace Archbishop Riordan.
AMOXG the many to arrive- in port
yesterday on the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's liner Alameda
was the Rev. Father-Libert Hu-
Attacked a Consulate Clerk.
T. J. Newman, proprietor of a sailors*
bcarding-houae at 78 Jackson street, ap
peared before Police Judge Cabaniss yes
terday on a charge of battery. He was
accused of having struck Arthur Cham
bers, a clerk in the office of the British
Consul, on Monday morning because
Chambers objected to his presence while
some sailors were being; paid off. The
case was continued till Friday.
men. From the offices of the United
Railroads on the eighth floor General
Manager George F. Chapman. J. W.
Boyle^ A. L. Palmer. H. T. Jones, C.
J. Bashford. L. M. Adams, F.
wasser and George Wlllcutt were brought
to safety. From the fourth floor J. T.
Mulligan, L. Siedenberg and J. M. Warl-
Ing had to carry Miss Josephine Jewett,
who was almost overcome by the smoke.
Mrs. L. Badger. Mrs. Mary Pierce, Mrs.
T. Siedlincer. Mrs. Swanson. Mrs. H.
Flint, Miss Eliza Trickier and Mrs. Mary
Hall, a., janitresses. were partially over
come in the upper halls and would have
suffered suffocation had not J. McBride
dragged them through the smoke to the
street below.
WOMAN IS UNCONSCIOUS.
One of the last women to be carried
unconscious from the building was Mrs.
L. Flynn, a janitress employed on the
sixth floor of the building. The moment
that she noticed the smoke she ran into
the hall rind was advised by one of the
firemen to bo ud to the roof until the
smoke cleared away from the stairs. She
accordingly went up on the roof and pa
tiently awaited to be rescued. In a short
time a flremairwent for her and she was
carrjed downstairs. The smoke was so
thick that sh« became unconscious and
it took Feveral minutes to recover when
she was eventually eafely landed on the
sidewalk.
By chopping through the roof of the
sidewalk vault the firemen finally got sev
eral streams of water turned on the
flames. By great effort a line of hose
was dragged up the twisted stairways
to the top floor, where the flre had made
its appearance after eating' its way up
the dust shaft. From this hose the build
ing received a damaging drenching before
the flre was nut out.
'¦' Although all of those renting offices In
the building, to the number 1 of about sev
enty-five. ¦ were losers by smoke and wa
ter, the heaviest damage was confined to
the two lower stores facing on Mission
street. .-:'
The heaviest loser is the Standard Elec
tric Construction Company. This firm
had between $40,000 and $50,000 worth of
electric fixtures in the basement, which
are more or less damaged by water. They
have the contract for furnishing the Ho
tel Francis and the new Flood building
with electric . fixtures and they were
stored in the basement, awaiting the
completion of the buildings. These fix
tures are a total loss.
The Yawman & Erbe Manufacturing
Company has about $15,000 worth of office
fixtures and desks, which were stored in
the basement,, ruined by water. The firm
carries about $13,500 insurance, which Is
distributed with the following companies:
Commercial Fire Insurance Company,
German-American Insurance Company,
Continental Insurance Company of New-
York, Phoenix Insurance Company and
the Royal Insurance Company of Hart
ford, Conn.
The Wagner Bullock Electric Company
had $25,000 electric stock In the basement,
which was ruined. They carry between
$18,000 and $22,000 insurance.
H.W. Law, one of the owners of 'the
building, places the davage to the prop
erty at not more than $500.
According to J. M. Bowen, manager of
•the Yawman & Erbe Manufacturing. Com
pany, the flre was due to the carelessness
of some carpenters who were construct
ing a partition in the basement and left
the electric wires dangling with the in
sulatiqn rubbed off.
Accused of Forgery.
Henry Mohr, a grocer of 876 Mission
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest
of ' J. . H. Muenz on a charge of forgery-
He said that on July, 18 Muenz asked him
to cash a check for. J33 purporting to be
signed by D. McRae, secretary of the
Donald McRao Furniture Company,
drawn on the City and County Bank, and
he advanced him $23 on the check. When
the check was presented at the. bank the
signature of McRao was declared a for
gery. .
FATHKK LIBERT, RECENTLY APPOINTED BISHOP OF ZEUGMA,
WHO ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM HONOLULU. COMING UP FROM
THE ISLANDS FOR THE PURPOSE OF BEING CONSECRATED.
- When the smoke began pouring up the
elevator and waste paper shafts Dan
Flynn and Chris Brandhorst, the two
elevator boys, proved themselves heroes.
In .the murky blackness they continued
to run their elevators, taking excited pas
sengers from every floor until. after eight
or ten trips their machines caught flre
and had to be abandoned at the top floor.
By the time that the flre companies
arrived the. roof was lined with people
whose escape had been cut 'Off, and from
some. of the windows of the upper floors
vigorous- cries for help were being sent
down. The firemen could not get into
the building on the ground floor on ac
count of the smoke, but a ladder was
hoisted to the third floor and from that
several of them entered the building and
piloted the panic-stricken \ inmates to
safety.
With wet towels about their mouths,
the men and women from the offices be
gan to be led out into the street by flre-
A few minutes before 6 o'clock H. Chains ,
the night e'evator boy, while changing
his clothes in the basement, detected the
presence of a blaze in the cellar of Yaw
man & Erbe's establishment. He called
Night Watchman Leavitt and together
they tried to extinguish the flames with
a small hose, but to no purpose. Falling
in their efforts an alarm was turned in
from box 2S6 and later a second alarm
was .turned in.
The flre, which started in the basement
of the store of the Yawman & Erbe Man
ufacturing a Company, 635-639 Mlsslpn
street, was quickly communicated to a
large dust and waste paper shaft which
runs up the whole length of the elevator
shaft to the. top of the building. It was
from this that the smoke poured out into
every floor, making escape to those on
the upper stories impossible for the time
beinsr.
For half an hour yesterday afternoon
more than half a hundred people were
penned on the top floors of the Rlaltp
building:, corner of Mission \ and New
Montgomery streets, by volumes of chok
ing smoke arising from an incipient fire
in the basement. Before they could be
led 'to places of safety by the firemen
several women were overcome by the
dense fumes and were carried unconscious
down the smoke-filled staircase to the
safety of the street.
Without the slightest warning people
in offices more than a hundred feet from
the street were suddenly driven to their
windows and the roof by black clouds of
suffocating: smoke, which came from
some unknown source. To the *fear of
flre was added the element of panic and
it is little short of miraculous that many
people were not forgotten in the confu
sion and left to suffocate. ,
SMOKE PREVENTS ESCAPE.
Dan Flynn and . Chris Brandhorst,
Elevator Boys, Prove Themselves
Heroes \ by Sticking to
Their Posts.
Several Are Overcome by
Noxious Fumes Before
.; \ '/, Help Arrives.
£anic in Rialto Build
ing-Due to Base-,
XXlUIlu JO IX U« ¦
FATHER LIBERT ARRIVES
FOR HIS GONSEGR ATION
Having Been Appointed Bishop of Zeugma by the
Late Pontiff, Leo XIII, the, Prie/t Arrives From
the Hawaiian Islands for Religious Installation
SMOKE CUTS
OFF ESCAPE
TEMPORARILY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL^ WEDNESDAY, JULY 22, \1903.
14
Special Sale
r^ ;•
Novelty...
Gommencing this flan, Julg 22fl, we
will have on special sale 450 pieces
High-Class NoveltQ Rihhons, consist-
ing of Satin Taffetas with self-
colored dots and fancn satin stripes."
The goods are full 4 Inches in width
and we have all the leading colors,
such as Pinks, Blues, Cardinal, White,
Cream, Maize, Lavender and Turpoise
price 25c yard
Regular value 35c and 40c
We will also have a special sale of
Ladies' FancD Lisle Hose in a good
variety, all this season's importation
PRICE *^ r% PAIR
Regular price 50c and 60c nalr
N 111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Tortured
Babies
Rest for Tired
Mothers
In Baths, With
And gentle applications of Cuticnra
Ointment, '-purest and sweetest of
emollients and greatest of skin cures.
This * Is ;. the purest, . sweetest, most
speedy, permanent and economical treat-
ment for torturing, disfiguring^ itching,
burning, bleeding, scaly, crusted • and
pimply skin and scalp humours, ;, ecze-
mas, rashes and irritations, with loss of
.bairV of Infants and children, _s well as
adults, and Is sure to succeed when all
other remedies and physicians fall.
-~-~JSummer. cures are speedy, permanent
and ¦economical.'
¦ Bald throughout Iht world Cstlenrt 8o«p, lie., Oinl-
mnt, Me^ KhoItiiii. We. (In form of Choeouta Coated
, Villa. U«. per Tial of 00). DopoU i London. V Chatter.
' bona* Sq.i P»ri«. 4 Kn« d« la Falz; Boatoa. 137 Columba*
. At*. Potter Drag * Cham. Carp . Sol* Proprlatora.
. mrftmi tot " Catieura 8kln Book."
ASVXSTZSE31S13TS. * T;
1 ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
ONE BOTTLE CURES*
§McBurney'sg
KIDNEY j
' *•* •« M ' n'
and s
g BLADDER CURE f
S Certain and thorough cars for pains In 5
« the amall of the back. Irritation of the ¦
¦ bladder. Brlght'a disease, female trou- ?
gj blea. Incontinence of urine, brick dust B
I deposit, bed wetttn* of children, gravel, Z
JJ frail atones, thick, turbid frothy urine, 5
¦ dropsy, diabetes and rheumatism. **
¦ t Send 25c for five days' treatment and B
B net relief In 20 minute*. n
H Kidney and Bladder Cur* IX M m
g Liver and Blood Purifier $1 23 S
9 FOS S AM BX *•»•-?- DSTTOOI3TS ¦
w C7If your drunlst "*o«* not keep B
B McBurney*a Kidney and Bladder Cure. ¦
Q will send to any address (express pro- ¦
g paid) on receipt of price. q
B W. 7. KcBUajTCT, Sola Kfr. ¦ N
I 826 •. Spring- St, Z.oa Ang-ilas, CU. ¦
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦111
We
BEERS
Guaranteed Pure.
None So Good*
Sold EVtrsbforn '
.GUTUERY
EVEBY.BLAl£MffiANTro_
l^VVX f\ v ' \ C * B °l>'»i» «U«n«th tad rijor
EKtV''^ - V - .la-filaV *J tb9 ¦•• » f DR - PISJtrK-3
XlBCTRIC BKLT." A W»a-
vWC_U«Sfe- 'T?v\ 8«l«>uao Xl^uUal ippU»»e«
VcnMoa 5U=Stal thl. b»u tm, C«U «r and tor
tola . /] V*» ' m " "Boonar !f o. t.~ err wHtt to-d*r.
'•p-- _ * r>rce Electric CoJw West 24th
Street. y«w York or 206 Post St. . S»nFr»nd3co, Cat . J
~ : ~~ -—'."i
rt ft B R tt 5 eds - Chairs. Stovts. etc
Mil HIS aj J* a t» for rsnt and tor H^
Urtifil ?? d Sportmr Good! atna
%•* I Blglf ««r C*talogu«. Sar«T« A
•ad B21 Kearay s*.
g&<
fHl M US WF ! ®-l ? S the J Oy of thc hoU9 ehold, for without
mSL Ha »S W ' il no happiness can be complete. How
|yp||g|| jggffi M* y^S sweet thc Picture of mother and babe,
"¦¦^ •¦ ¦•^^^ angels smile at and commend the
¥/E5k H /ggk ngg thoughts and aspirations of the mother
nil R S" Wm bendin S over th e cradle. The ordeal through
11 18 9 S H ffl the cx P cctant mother must pass, how-
Hat* H HB cver ' IS so ful1 °f danger and suffering that
r 1 *u -. •„ !. he lo ? ks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
7J;,, E J7 wom v an sh ? nld kn <>w that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the cse of Mother's Friend.
value to all women sent free. Address MP Wfk H gP W&Z W M
GRAOriELD REGULATOR CO.. Atlmatm. Cm. H yBlBiBWBg
ADVEBTISEMENTS.^ ; _"_¦_ _
For Comfort, For Looks,
For Service, For $4.20;
Your choice of this Upholstered Rocker in either Golden Oak or Mahogan*
ized Birch. Hand polished. Broad arms. Flattened oval spindles in high
back gives it a Colonial look and makes it a really restful rocker. Rich
velour on seat and head. We'll be pleased to show this rocker at $4.20.
._ -% Being Reminded
'^^^^^'^^^T^TfT.v. i"i&Zr vou %V 'N I'kcly come and get one of
\ \ ' > " 1 1 ; ; t » }j ry » dn'^i ' l y Vr i\ W 1^ these tables now. If you wait till
M rSt \1C\bV ou mus^ have such a one and pay
r./B Vila $2.50 or $j.oo, you 're not likely to
R:j icj vtv |ti be as well satsified as with this one
It Si \li! For $L45
1 1 Hj lit m Golden Oak or Mahoganized Birch,
nft Hi IHj & \ 24x24 inch top; handy shelf adds to
1 in Jr' -, -¦¦^4'ftA\ strength and use. nice finish.
An Awkward Corner II \
may be transformed into an attractive **&
part of the room with a jardiniere on a XSabourette UKfi "this
Solid polished golden oak, shaped top . for DO Cents.
16x16 inch top, 20 inches high. Thoroughly well made and looks it, 90c.
Everyday Needs in the Drapery Department.
SI 6 Silk Portieres Reduced to $7.50 Zk. Pair
Striking L'Art Nouveau designs. Delicate shades and rich
colors. Full size; fringed ends. Ask to see them anyway.
S9 Heavy Mercerized Portieres Reduced to 4.50
3 yards long, heavy fringe, very pretty patterns, both sides.
Tapestry Ta.ble Covers, 54in. sq., for 75 Cents
Oriental patterns, both sides. All colors. Heavy fringe.
Reduced from $2.00; 75 cents while they last.
Closing Out 15c. SilkaJine for 7 1 Cents
Best 15c grades, big variety of pattern and color— 7Kc .a yd.
233 235 237 Post Street