Tcrecart siad* at S«a " Traia- 1 *
clsco for thirty tout esCsi,
rnidctrht. Kcv ember 13 1
San Francisco »™* vic±=!ty—
Probably rain Saturday; brisk
to hire southerly winds.
A. O. XcASZS,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 1G7.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATUKDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CETSTS.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador, Nov. 13. — General Piaza, President of Ecuador, has cabled to President Marroquin of Colombia sympathizing with him in the recent events on the isthmus
of Panama. President Marroquin has replied, thanking General Plaza and adding that Generals Reyes, Ospina, Caballeros and Holguin are marching on Panama with a large
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13. — Both Secretary Hay and General Young, chief of staff of the army, had retired when the bulletin announcing that an army from Colombia was
march ing against the isthmians came, so that it was impossible to learn what action the Government might take to meet the issue which will be raised. Rumors were current to-day that
the Government intended to send United States troops to the isthmus, but positive official denials were made that such was the intention of the administration, which, some time ago,
asserted its purpose to prevent fighting that would endanger free transit of the isthmus.
ARMY OF COLOMBIA IS MARCHING ON PANAMA
TO ATTEMPT SUBJUGATION OF THE NEW REPUBLIC
Continued on Page 2, Column, 1.
Continued en Page 2, Coltxsxn 6.
held a watch in his hand, but no request
was made for it. He also had his week's
wages in his pocket. The conductor also
had a watch and a portion of his salary.
amounting to C5. which was concealed In
his hip pocket. He did not pass this
money out. Forrest mads a report of
the matter as scon as he reached tha
Hayes-street car house and Captain of.
Detectives Martin was communicated
with. In response to the call Martin de
tailed Detectives Jerry Dinan. a&d Ed
Wren on the case, and they fcmnsdlately
started for the scene. Both Forrest and
Emlet describe the robber as being about
5 feet 7 Inches In height, appeared V> oe
smooth-shaven and light complected. Ha
wore a black slouch hat and a short
black overcoat. H2s trousers were also
! of a dark material.
When the news of the crtxse reached
the Stanyan-street Pol!c« Station, which
is but a short distance away. Station
Keeper Dugan dispatched every avail
able policeman to the scene with Instruc
tions to search tha neighborhood thor
oughly and to arrest all suspicious char
acters. Among the patrolmen who were
detailed were F. C. Krecke, John O*Shea
and George Clark. These officers rcda
along Hayes street for some distance and
were returning to the terminus when they
observed two men. standing la th» shadow
of a telegraph pole near Clayton street.
ARREST TWO SUSPECTS*
Krecke and O'Shea slipped from the ear
and came upon the men unawares. Both
had their right hands in their pockets and
they were quickly seized and made prison
ers. It was found that each had re
volvers and ' that their fingers rested on
the triggers. The prisoners were taken
to tha Hayes-street carhouse and held
untn the gripman and conductor that
had been held up returned from their
downtown trip. When they arrived they
Inspected the two suspects and wera
asked if either had anything to do with
tha affair. Gripaaa Emlet stated that
one of*the men. who gave the name of C-
I*. Good, appeared to be the man wanted,
but Conductor Forrest would not b« posi
tive In identifying him. Tha other man
gave the cania of Lester Good and tha
Both conductor and gripman were
startled and did not comply on the,in
stant. It passed through the conductor's
mind that the whole thins xnlzht be a
joke, but that Impression was soon
changed when the muzzle of the revolver
came closer to his head and In angry
tones the robber again, commanded both
to raise their hands and be quick about It.
'/which one of you has the 'dough T "
asked the highwayman, pointing his re
volver first at ona man and then at the
other. Neither answered and the ma^
with the; gun ventured an opinion.
"I guess you have," he said to the con
ductor, after he had looked at - both
badses. "Now hand It out quick."
Forrest started to comply without ar
gument. He reached his hand Into his
pocket and drew out dollars, half-dollars,
quarters and coins of smaller denomina
tions. The robber took all of the money
and when the conductor's pockets were
emptied was about _to deposit it In his
own. The conductor then asked If he
might keep the nickels and dimes for
change on the downtown run and tha rob
ber, graciously acceded, handing such
coins back to. him.
"Xow don't say a word about this un-
The bandit entered the rear cf the car.
a black muffler covering the lower portion
of • his face and a revolver In his band.
•Throw up your hands, you fellows," he
said, "and be culck about it."
BAHDIT ENTERS CAR.
kept for persons answering the descrip
tion of the highwayman. Two arrests
were made.
Before leaving the bandit expressed his
Intention of continuing operations in the
vicinity, and made a : request of the car
employes not to mention the matter until
they arrived -downtown, that the work
might': go:. on without Interruption. ¦ Tho
use of the pronoun "we" by the highway,
man leads'. the police to believe that two
men were engaged in the crime and. that
one: remained on guard while the: other
gathered In the plunder. Policemen and
detectives swarmed Into the district, and
the destination of every suspicious char
acter was requested. A close lookout was
This departure from the usual hold-up
In this city occurred Just as the car was
about to start on its downtown trip. Con
ductor Forrest and Grlpman Charles W.
Emlet had turned the vehicle around and
were seated opposite one another in the
forward end of the closed portion when
the highwayman made his appearance.
No one else was present and no help was
at hand. There are several saloons in the
neighborhood. - but ¦ the nearest -of - them
was one block off. So the robber played
his game alone and his escape was un
hindered.
the teeth he made the custom
ary demands for money, enforced them
In "hurry-up" tones, and when he backed
away and disappeared in the sylvan gloom
of Golden Gate Park Conductor Martin
Forrest was about J29 loser by the transac
tion. . -._..: .\. : . ¦¦'•:. ¦ '-'
a HE first person to board car
m Xo. 224 of the Hayes 6treet line
B at its Stanyan street terminal
U at 7:40 o'clock last night -was a
bandit. Masked and armed to
XEW YORK, Xov. 12.— Andrew H.
Green, the "Father of Greater Xew Ycrk"
r r-A one cf the city's eldest tudjszcsl re
markable citizens, was shot a— d Instantly
killed en the steps of his home on Park
B.VB&SC to-day ty Cornelius M. Williams,
a negro, who is believed to be insane.
The shooting was evidently the outcome
cf an insane delusion on the part of the
negro :*•»• Green had slandered him, for
whe= he was s^ked why he ccmriitted the
nv-rcer he replied: "I did it to save my
character.'
There were three witnesses cf the trag
edy — Mrs. .-.r.r.a Bray, a domestic in
Green's is^ii'.y; Emil Michelsoii, an errand
toy. a-^<i Patrick Dyer, a cabman. Ac
cording to these witnesses, the negro must
have been waiting fcr Green to come
tome from his cffict.
The negro was standing in the vestibule
cf the ho:ise &r.i as Green started to as
cend the steps leading to the hall door
Williams advanced toward him. There
was a brief interchange of words, and
then the negro drew a revolver and fired
five shots in rapid succession. Green sank
to the Etoae paven-tnt. biocd streaming
from his head, while his murderer, re
turrlng the revolver to his pocket, leased
against, the railing cf the stoop as if
awaiting arrest.
William H. Bums, carriage starter for
the Murray Hill Hotel, was one cf the
first to reach the negro, whom he seized
as he was about to walk away and turned
him over to a policeman and a detective
who rushed up a moment later. A physi
cian was on the spot almost immediately
fcnd pronounced Mr. Green dead.
As the negro's aged victim fell a young
woman rushed cut cf the house and took
t_he dead or dyir.g man's head in her lap.
*i the «4ie time cabling upon him in pit
eous tone to speak to her. As she tried In
vain to get a response. Williams turned
t:pcn his victim and shouted: "D^ you,
I told you I would get even with you!"
THREE FATAL WOUXDS.
One of th» negro's bullets imbedded
itaelf in the ceilirg of the vestibule. It
is believed that all of the others tock ef
fect. A curscry examination of a physi
cian ard the Coroner revealed one wound
In the left eiie cf the head, one In the left
temple and another at the base of the :
brain- Ary cr:e was sufficient to cause In
stant death.
ilrs. Bray tcld the pcMce that she was
Just about to enter the house when she
uv Mr. Green accosted by Williams and !
heard the former say. In answer to some j
wcrds acfressed to him by the negro: :
•Go away: I don't know you." Then Wil- !
•i«y» drew his revolver and shot the old
The colored wn was hurried to the sta
ticn-hcuse, where he was subjected to a
searching examination, the result of which j
left little doubt of the negro's insanity, j
Besides the revolver the police found in ;
Williams' possession a razor and a purse !
containing JlO. Williams appeared to be j
perfectly self -possessed. He said he was I
single. « years old. and lived at IS* West <
Twesty-eixth street, at which place, hew- i
ever, he is not known.
The prisoner answered without besita- j
tion cr any show of Irritation all ques- j
tions rut to him and spoke like a man !
firm in the conviction that he had been }
deeply wronged by the man he had mur
dered.
He told a rambling story about a col
cred woman. Mrs. Bessie Davis, who. {
until about four months aeo, kept a lodg
ing-house for negroes in West Fifty-third
street, who, he said, haa circulated a
statement derogatory to his character,
and against whom he had been trying to
bring «utt for 133.000.
The tremble, he eaid, dated back to the
¦ year ISS5, when he was one of her lodgers.
; Her stories reached the congregation of
j the Mount Olivet Church, of which he
! was an attendant, and he was forced to
; give up his membership there because his>
', fellow-worshipers pointed the finger of
: scorn at him. Her slanders, continuing.
! he said, over eight years, cost him nearly
; all his friends. "I would have been mar- ;
ried now only for her." he added bitterly.
Continuing, he said he had not been ab!e
to find the woman, who had been spirited
away by powerful friends. He blamed
i Green for befriending the woman and en
¦ abling her to continue her slanderous sto
j ries. He said he had asked Green to "Get
; after her." but he had failed to do so.
PBOITD OF MURDER.
"I am not sorry I shot him." exclaimed
the prisoner. "He got what he deserved.
I may not" be justified by society, but I
i am justified in the eyes of God. I am
j willing to go to the electric chair if neces
; sary to vindicate my character."
Employes of the Murray Hill Hotel told
i the police that they had seen the colored
! man walking up and down the street in
I front of Green's house every day for the '
past week. They had heard him mutter- !
ing to himself and waving his hands about !
him. and decided that he was crazy.
Green," who -was a bachelor, lived with
his nephew, Timothy R. Green, and h!s
three nieces. Timothy R. Green said to
night that his uncle had never before seen
the man who shot him; that he had never
heard of the colored woman, Bessie Da
vis, and that he had never had any col
ored servants in his boose. The' story
told by Williams was, ¦ said the nephew,
pure fiction.
No trace of the Davis woman could be
found. The police are disposed to believe
that the Davis woman ' was merely the
figment of an Insane Imagination.
HAWAIIAN MAIL IS
DESTROYED IN WRECK
Large Quantity of Matter Destined
to Coast Points Is Burned Near
Tehama.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The Postof
flce Department announced to-day that in
the wreck of the Southern Pacific train
near Tehama, Cal., on November 1. a
large amount of the mail matter destroy
ed by the burning of the mail car was
destined from Hawaii, the Philippines.
China and Japan to California,' Oregon,
Washington. Alaska, Western Canadian
provinces. Idaho and Montana. A small
quantity was from Eastern and Southern
States for Southern Oregon and Northern
California.
Disabled Steamer Is Towed Into Port.
SEATTLE, Xov. 13.— The sternwhecl
steamer Caoital City has been towed in
disabled. * She lost her wheel in 600 fath
oms of water off Three Point on her way
from Tacoma to" Seattle. •
ORIENTAL SOVEREIGN AND
ONE OF THE UNITED STATES
DIPLOMATS.
| ain and Japan have combined In favor of
opening- the port of Yongampho.
This Government has made considerable
progress in the matter, and it Is stated
now that United States Minister Allen,
who has been stopping at Yokohama, is
about to proceed from that port to Che
mulpo, Korea, on an American warship in
pursuit of this mission. The purpose is
to honor the Koreans by the presence of
an American vessel of modern type, and
it is stated that there is no intention to
use pressure of any kind.
The original request of Korea, was made
by the United States Charge d"Affaires, '
and now Mr. Allen is going to reinforce
it. Wiju lies directly opposite the port of
Antur.g. which Is to be opened to trade
by China, under our new treaty, and Is an
important post on the great road running
from Peking to the Korean capital.
United States naval officers recently have
inspected the place and have pronounced
In its favor as against Yongampho. and
it Is also pointed out that the possession
of a considerable concession at Yongam
pho by Russians might involve interna
tional complications in the presentment
of a claim for an open port there.
~T Yy -^ ASHIXGTON, Nov. It-It
e| $3 y s learned here that the
B ¦/» X United States Government
Bf^ Is seeking to have thf
r r port of Wiju. Korea,
opened, while Great Brit-
Warship Is to Visit
Chemulpo to Hon
or Natives.
COXDUCTOR AM) GRTPMAX OF A HATES STREET CAR WHO WERE
HELD UP BY A MASKED MAX AT THE STAXTAX STREET TERMI
XUS OF THE LINE.
til you get dowctowE," requested tha
crook. "We are going to do this line up
properly to-n!ght." Then he backed out
I of the car still holding the gun on tha
two men. "When he reached the rear plat
form he tapped jthe muzzle of the weapon
on the g!as3 window and started to run
In the direction of the park. There waa
an electric light on the corner, but tho
shade cf the trees In the pleasure ground
soon envelooed the thief and he was lost
to sight.
When the robber . entered, tha gripniari
Murderer Is Evidently In
sane and Harps on Love
and Slander.
Aged Man Shot Down
on the Steps of
His Home.
Andrew Green the
Victim of an
Assassin.
from the Colombian capital :
"COLOMBIA, Nov. 10.—Act
ing President Jorga Holquin told
The Call correspondent to-day
that Colombia would never recog
nize the independence of Panama.
" 'My government will exhaust
its last drop of blood and its last
I cent in putting down the rebel
lion/, he said. 'I wish to^make an
announcement to the wt>rld that
we will not submit- to "isthmian in
dependence.' *'
General Rafael Reis has been
appointed generalissimo in chief
of Colombia's righting forces and
all here are confident he will force
the United States to comply with
the treaty obligation of 1846,
maintaining the sovereignty of
Colombia on isthmian soil.
Reis leit to-day lor the coast
with a large and well equipped
army. He announced he had left
behind a force of 100,000 men,
ready for any emergency. All
the departments and parties have
promised their unconditional sup
port and financial aid to the gov
ernment. The people are furious
over the revolution. Bogota con
tinues in a state of siege, but the
United .States legation is well pro
tected.
Soon there will be forthcoming
an extremely important cable com
munication from President Mar
roquin to Roosevelt. Marroquin
has also communicated with va
rious Spanish-American presi
dents. It is stated here that it is
known on good authority that the
isthmian movement is not unani
mous. The government asserts
that it has assurances from the in
terior provinces of Panama. They
are not in sympathy with the re
bellion and can be relied upon to
assist : n putting it down.
The Colombian government
and people are satisfied that Co
lombian patriotic sentiments will
prevail, and before long the isth
mus will realize the error of its
course and will return to the
mother country before Colombian
blood shall flow.
In Panama it is declared false
that any provinces are not enthu
siastic for the new republic The
report that General Reis is coming
with an army is declared only a
part of a shrewd political game.
LIMA, Peru, Nov. 13.— The
Colombian Minister to Peru has
published here cablegrams re
ceived from his government, dated
at Bogota, November 10, .1 1 and
12, respectively. The cablegrams
say that the Colombian govern-
PANAMA, Xdv. 13. — Cable
service with Bogota has
been re-established. The
following is the first important
disoatch since the rebellion sent
Special Dispatch to' The Ca'.l.
Citizens Furious
and Eager to
Fight.
NEGRO KILLS
AN EMINENT
NEW YORKER
UNCLE SAM SEEKS
TO HAVE A PORT
OPENED BY KOREA
State of Siege Now
Prevails at Bo
gota,
MASKED ROBBER HOLDS UP
CONDUCTOR AND GRIPMAN
ON A H AY ES -STREET CAR
Daring Crime at the
Sianyan - Street
Terminal.
Police Capture Two
Suspects and Jail
Them.
ZSS T22ATX3S.
/nraniT — T£.a Tzrrxt* Secre
tary."
Calif oml»— Herrnsna tie Great.
Central — Tzxle Ten's Caotn."
Coluzabia, — "Tie Storks."
Fischer's— TRubes and Eases."*
Gra=.d Opera- ICaiise— "Ben Eir."
Orpberrr — Vaudeville.
Tie Chute*— V»udeTO2ft»
Ttroli— Grand Opera.
The San Francisco CallPHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. 13.— The Arizona
Bankers' Association was formed here to
day by representatives of all the banks in
Arizona. The officers chosen are: R. X.
Fredericks, Prescott, president; A. G.
Smith. Clifton, first vice president; J. J.
Sweeney, Phoenix, secretary; J. M. Orms
by, Tucson, treasurer. An executive
council and a vice president for each
county in the Territory were also chosen.
Arizona Bankers Form Association.
House Adopts a Resolution Providing
for Three Years' Service "With
\ San Francisco.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand. Nov. 13.
The House of Representatives haa
adopted a resolution for a three years"
mall service with San Francisco and au
thorizing the Government to subsidize a
fortnightly and trl-weekly service be
tween Vancouver and New Zealand. The
subsidy will be $100,000 a year, provided
the trip from Vancouver is made In
eighteen days.
SUBSIDY FOB MAIL
CONTRACTS ON COAST
The police are satisfied that the two
men were engaged in the hold-up and
that they were waiting for an opportunity
to rob another car when they were cap
tured. It is supposed that they burled the
plunder they took from the conductor of
car 234 somewhere In the vicinity, that
it would not be found in their possession
should they be taken by the police. Both
prisoners were locked up in the tanks and
the investigation will be continued to
day.
Detectives Dinan and Wren took the
men to the Hall of Justice. C. L. Good
was found to have an open box of
cartridges in his pocket and Lester car
ried five extra shells In his purse. About
35 cents was found In their clothing. The
men said they resided at the Llndon
House, on Market street, and one gave
his occupation as that of a waiter, while
the other said he was engaged in open
ing oysters in a restaurant. They claim
to be in the neighborhood of 21 years of
age and say that they hail from the coun
try. When asked what they were doing
In that locality they stated that they were
out seeing the town by gaslight and
could give no other excuse.
two claim they are cousins. Both deny
the crime.
Continued from Page 1, Column 7.
A new situation, said the Premier, had
arisen since the present fiscal policy of
the British empire had been established
and further developments of world con
ditions were sure to follow. It seemed to
him little short of lunacy If they not only
did not face the present situation, but if
they did not prepare themselves for thts
dangers which were foreshadowed.
BRISTOL, Ens., Nov. 13.— Premier Bal
four was the principal speaker at a din
ner here to-night in celebration of tha
anniversary of the birth of Edward Col
ston, the philanthropist. He devoted him
s^f principally to the fiscal question, but
did not advance any new arguments.
Premier Balfour spoke appreciatively of
Joseph Chamberlain, who. he said, had
given up everything for what he co'nsld
ered the good of the British empire. He
admitted that the tariff, like the navy,
might be abused, but said he could not
see why that consideration should debar
the Government from using either wisely.
MASKED ROBBER HOLDS UP,
EL PASO, Tex.. Nov. 13.— W. S. Cock
rell, son of United States Senator Francis
M. Cockrell of Missouri, has recently be
come a citizen of Mexico and forswore
his allegiance to the United States.
Cockrell passed through here to-night
on his way home for a visit after an ab
sence of six years, which long residence
In Southenv.. Mexico has given him the
right of naturalization in that country.
He is a wealthy sugar planter 400 miles
south of the City of Mexico.
Young Cockrell of Missouri
Forswear3 Allegiance
Here.
Chamberlain, He Says, Gave
Up All for Good of
United States Lawmak
er's Boy Now Citizen
of Mexico.
Premier Declares Eng
land Must Prepare to
Meet Any Danger.
BALFOUR UTTERS
WARNING WORDS
SENATOR'S SON
NOT AMERICAN
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Colon,
which arrived yesterday from. Panama
and way ports, met the Boston October
31 off the southern Mexican coast. It
was learned that she had left Acapulco
under sealed orders bound, it was
thought, and as proved to be the case,
for Panama.
According to the officers of the Colon
and people from Panama who damo up
on the liner, tho secession of the isth
mus was a step long in contemplation
and an act to which the people of | Pana
ma have been driven by the inconsiderate
treatment of the Colombian . Government.
From Panama, say the officers, Colom
bia derived her principal and almost only
revenue. In spite of this, however, the
official treasury was ever closed to the
needs of the isthmus. . Panama has long
realized, the need for sanitary improve
ment, but the Government at Bogota re-
Colon's Officers Say the People Were
Driven to Revolt.
PANAMANS' GRIEVANCES.
The ceremony Incident to th© reception
of Minister Bunau-Varilla and the pre
sentation of . his 'credentials occurred in
the blue room of the White House at 9:30
o'clock this morning. At a few minutes
before that hour Minister Bunau-Varilla,
accompanied by Secretary, of State Hay
in the letter's Btate carriage, arrived at
the White House. The Secretary's car
riage was followed by a landau, the only
occupant of which was Minister Bunau-
Panama Minister's Credentials Are
Accepted "With Usual Formality
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.-President
Roosevelt to-day formally received M
Philippe Bnnau-Vartlla, the duly accred
ited Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary of Panama to the United
States. The reception of the Minister
marked tho birth of the new republic of
Panama into the family of nations and
paves the way for negotiations between
the United States and the infant republic
precisely -as they may be. conducted be
tween other sovereign nations.
PRESIDENT RECEIVES VARILLA.
After a brief chat and the exchange of
personal felicitations, Secretary Hay and
Minister Bunau-Varllla withdrew. The
latter, accompanied by his son, drove di
rectly to his hotel, while Secretary Hay
returned to the State Department.
its exceptionally favored territory.
"For yourself, Mr. Minister, I wish you
success In the discharge of the import
ant mission to which you have been
called."
ing steamer Charles Nelson. The
waterlogged coaster looks every Inch a
derelict. Her hull seems to be In fairly
good condition and her houses and masts
are standing. From amidships aft, how
ever, the Nelson Is awash. Inquisitive
porpoises might now explore her dining
saloon and fish of smaller size would find
comfortable swimming accommodations
in the maindeck staterooms. The bridge
Is in place, and, although somewhat bat
tered, appears to be a fairly substantial
structure yet. In what condition the ves
sel is below decks, how her machinery haa
fared since the propeller made its last
turn or how the stout frame has withstood
the bombardment of the floating freight
cannot be learned until the derelict is
placed on a drydock and freed from water:
Captain Hall sighted the waterlogged
Nelson at 11:30 a. m. last Sunday. She
was then ten* miles south of Cape Blanco
and about eight miles off shore. Her deck
load had been washed away, the aban
doned vessel was floating on a fairly even
keel and at first glance there appeared
little the matter with her. She was not
traveling, however, as goes a vessel con
trolled by rudder, and the peculiarity of
her course is what attracted Captain
Hall's attention.
The Edith steamed close to the water
logged coaster and a boat in charge of
Chief Officer Austin carried a stout steel
hawser to the derelict Slow progress was
made at first, and shortly after nightfall
there developed a strong gale which kept
increasing in fury until early morning,
when tho Nelson broke away. That dere
lict and collier did not part company dur
ing the night was due to the clever sea
manship of Captain Hail. Handling the
collier so that her big hull formed a wind
break for the Charles Nelson, he hung oil
bags over the Edith's sides. The oleagi
nous fluid trickled from the bags, covered
the surrounding surface and prevented
the angry seas from breaking over the
vessels. ¦
p-jr^ HE big collier Edith, Captain
1 Charles Hall in command, came
! into port yesterday afternoon trail
*^ Ing behind her the derelict coast-
TIENTSIN, Nov. 13.— It is reported here
that Russian troops marching toward Shan
Hal Kwan encountered a force of^Impe
rial Chinese troops and that fighting en
sued; the Russians, It is asserted, pre
tending that the imperial force was a
band of Chinese robbers. Altogether over
1000 imperial ¦ troops have crossed the
frontier into Manchuria.
Battle Is Reported to Have Occurred
and Russia Makes Expla
nation, v* S-
CZAR'S SOLDIERS EIGHT
WITH CHINESE TROOPS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The State
Department has learned that Messrs?
Boyd, Amador and Arosn^gn, the com
missioners appointed by the Panama Gov
ernment to assist Minister Bunau-Varllla
in the negotiation of a canal treaty with
the United States, will arrive in New
York next Tuesday, In Washington the
following day. The treaty negotiations
are expected to begin formally at the mo
ment of their arrival here.
It is stated that the Panama Govern
ment favors the making of a perpetual
lease with the United States to cover a
canal stria ten miles wide across the
isthmus. It Is urged that this plan is
more politic than the original proposition
to . give the United States a fee simple
title to the land, a proceeding: which
would go far toward confirming the sus
picions of eotne of the South and Central
American countries respecting territorial
designs on the part of the United States.
It is expected that a call will be issued
next ' week for a constitutional conven
tion and that in thirty days the new Gov-^
ernment of Panama will be permanently
established under a constitution patterned
closely after that of Cuba. When this Is
done the President will accredit a Min
ister to Panama, but meanwhile work of
a diplomatic character will be intrusted
to Mr. Gudger, the Consul General at
Panama, who should reach that post
about next Monday.
Secretary Hay had a number of Con
gressional callers before the Cabinet meet
ing to-day and several of them discussed
briefly the Panama situation, particular
ly with reference to possible action by
Congress. The Secretary tola them that
he was prepared to submit to Congress
Immediately an answer to the Hltt reso
lution calling for all correspondence rela
tive to the Panama revolution. The sub-
Btanco of this has already been published.
Negotiations for the Canal Treaty to
Begin at Once.
COMMISSIONERS EXPECTED.
In spite of oil and seamanship, however,
the derelict got away in the morning and
the Edith lay to for eleven hours, shelter
ing the waterlogged prize as much as pos
sible and watching for a chance to make
fast another line.
The second line'was in service yesterday
when the Edith brought her prize through
the north channel. Gales did their worst
on Tuesday and Thursday nights to rob
the Edith of her salvage. The steel haw
ser, the powerful collier and the seaman
ship of Captain Hall made an invincible
combination, which worked so well that
the Charles Nelson has been redeemed
from the list of the lost.
Captain Hall on Thursday afternoon
sent his son, William Hall, who is the
Edith's second mate, with three sailors
on board the derelict, and they remained
there, , watching the tow line until the
Charles Nelson" was safely anchored on
the flats of Mission Bay.
AH hands on board the collier were tired
out when the vessel reached port. Cap
tain Hall had had his clothes on since
Sunday morning. With sleep he had been
a stranger. His razor had been out *of
commission and the salt water and wind
had roughened and reddened his genial
countenance until the surface cracked
every time the skipper smiled. The barber
that shaves Captain Hall will earn his
money and the operation will not have
much of pleasure for the mariner, but he
will not mind a little thing like that' in
view of the substantial consolation he will
derive from cashing the check for his
share of the salvage.
The amount of the salvage will depend
upon the condition In which the surveyors
find the Charles Nelson. If her machinery
Is in good condition the owners of the
Edith may receive as much as $30,000. How
much of that will be distributed between
Captain Hall and the other members of
the Edith's craw', depends upon the own
ers' generosity. Representatives of the
underwriters boarded the Edith yesterday
and received Captain Hall's report of .his
experiences with the derelict. They made
a hasty inspection of the waterlogged
Nelson, but will postpone their official
examination of the vessel until she is dry
docked.
fused to appropriate even the small sura
necessary to secure the cutting of the
fever laden brush in the immediate vi
cinity of the isthmian port. Government
officials stationed at the isthmus, even
the men who collected the republic's rev
enues, had difficulty in getting even a
portion of their salaries, and it Is years
since a soldier stationed on -the isthmus
has received a cent of pay. The people
were tired of the burden and when the
Colombian Government refused to ratify
the canal treaty the isthmus decided to
strike for Its independence.
PANAMA'S FEAR AUjAJYED.
Assurances Given ¦ That Invaders
Will Not Be Allowed to Land.
COLON. Nov. 13.-Cutters from the
American warships here were dispatched
this morning to stop the German steamer
Markomannia, which was seen two miles
off towing a launch toward the harbor.
It was thought that the Markomannia
was coming from a Colombian port but
it appears that she had been chartered
at ¦ Bocas del Toro to bring: the Alcalde
of that port to Colon. There was a big
scare at Boca« del Toro , on * the receipt
of the news via Port Limon, Costa Rica,
that the Colombian ! Government was
sending 5000 troops to retake the port
which had recently declared its allegiance
to the new republic; and the Alcalde left
on ; the ; Markomannia for • Colon ; for the
purpose of obtaining arms and ammuni
tion with which to equip 500 volunteers
WATERLOGGED DERELICT THAT .WAS TOWED INjTO PORT TESTER
DAY BY TllE STEAM COLLIER EDITH, AND THE -MASTER OF THE
RESCUER, WHO WILL. GET A BIG SHARE OF SALVAGE MONEY.
to resist the expected Colombian attack.
The Alcalde, however, has returned to
Bocaa del Toro to allay the fears of the
populace and to give assurance that the
landing of Colombian troops there will
not be permitted.
The naval collier which arrived here
yesterday has gone to Porto Bello to coal
the United States gunboat Nashville. It
is expected that the Nashville will re
turn to Colon to-morrow. The cruiser At
lanta will sail to-night, and it la under
stood she will go to Bocas.del Toro. The
Mayflower has not arrived.
This part of the programme was
outlined to The Call to-night by one
of the minority leaders. The Demo
crats say Secretary Hay's announce
ment that the action taken was for
the world's pood will not bear analy
sis in view of the precise wording of
the Spooner canal act. They insist
that the President was not obliged
Xo recognize the new republic because
it was not a question of canal or
no canal. It was only a question of
routes, and the Congress wisely put
in an alternative proposition to meet
difficulties which arose when Colom
bia neglected to ratify the treaty.
Senator Hanna, who is to be chair
man of the Senate Committee on
Interoceanic Canal to succeed Mor
pan, and who was at the White
House conference last night, said to
night:
"I still hope that this will not be
made a party question, but if it is to
be made such we will be ready for
those who are, for the sake of occupy
ing a position of obstruction, willing
to prevent any canal at all."
Secretary Hay is the administra
tion's most effective whip in the sit
uation. If the Democrats organize
to oppose the canal treaty they will
at least be able to block its ratifica
tion for a long time. Secretary Hay
is resolved not to send another treaty
to the Senate unless he is sure it will
escape the fate of the first Hay-
Paunccfote convention. So it is
practically certain tbat although the
negotiations of a new canal treaty
are eure to be quickly concluded, it
will not be sent to the Senate for ac
tion until the administration is sure
of its ratification.
Senators Bacon of, Georgia and
Cockrell of Missouri, 1 credited with
being radically opposed to tne admin
istration's Panama policy, were both
at the Department of State this
morning. The desire of the South
to have some canal built quickly is a
point on which the.Premier lays much
stress in his talKs with Southern
Democrats, whose support must be
obtained if the treaty is ratified.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.—What
ever Colombia may do, whether the
question comes up in Congress at
once or at the regular session, it is
certain there will be a fierce and mem
orable struggle over the administra
tion's action in recognizing the new
republic of Panama. Democrats and
Republicans alike are preparing for
the fray, and all the influence of the
administration will be used to break
the ranks of the Democrats.
The Democratic leaders are on fire
for the present and they wish to see
the correspondence for which Con
gress called before they finally deter
mine their position. It is known,
however, to a practical certainty and
not denied by a single Democrat in
Congress, that the roinority will con
test the issue at e\-ery possible step.
They wiil not only oppose the offi
cial acts of the Government in what
they call at present the "most re
rnarkable diplomatic incident in the
history of the world," but will criti
cize unofficial acts and alleged re
marks of members of the administra
tion and partisans of the Panama
route.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
PARTIES ALIGN
FOR A BATTLE
IN CONGRESS
merit has taken measures to sup
press "the isthmian traitors," and
adds that all parties and all classes
have offered to the government
their lives and property in defense
of the national territory-
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
MARCHING ON PANAMA.
THE HAGUE. Nov. 13.— The Venezuelan
arbitration tribunal to-day adjourned sine
die, the arguments having been conclud
ed. The court will consider Its decision
and will notify those interested of the
date of its delivery.
The closing proceedings were brief. Re
plying for the United States, Judge Pen
field, solicitor of the State Department,
explaining 1 the blockading provisions in
the protocol of February 13, abandoned
all claims for preferential treatment. The
United States, he declared, would remain
faithful to the cause of arbitration, even
though the decision rendered is unfavor
able to America.
The tribunal announced that complete
statements of the claims might be depos
ited with the Secretary General up to De
cember 15. United States Minister Bowen
will go to L»ondon to-morrow and Judge
Penfteld will sail for the United States
November IS.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund . money If Pazo
Ointment falls to cure you In 6 to 14 days. 60c*
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
"I feel that I express the wish of ¦ my
countrymen in assuring you and through
you the people of the republic of Panama
of our earnest | hope and desire : that sta
bility and prosperity shall attend the new
state and that in harmony with the Unit
ed States it may be the providential in
strument of ' untold benefit to the civil
ized world through the ; operation of a
highway of universal commerce across
"This way from Europe to Asia, follow
ing the pathway of the sun, is now to be
realized. The early attempts to find such
a way unexpectedly resulted In the great
est of all historic achievements, the dis
covery of America. Centuries have since
rolled by, but the pathway sought has
hitherto resulted in the realm, of dreams.
To-day. Mr. President, In response to
your summons, it becomes a reality."
In response President Roosevelt said:
"Mr. Minister, I am much gratified to
receive the letters whereby you are ac
credited to the Government of the United
States in the capacity of Envoy Extraor
dinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of
the republic of Panama. ¦ .:.-..¦ .
"In accordance with its long established
rule, this Government has taken cogniz
ance of the act of the ancient territory of
Panama in asserting, the right of self
control, and seeing In the recent events
on the isthmus an unopposed expression
of the will of. the people of Panama and
the confirmation of their declared inde
pendence by the Institution of a de facto
government, republican in form and spir
it, capable and resolved to discharge the
obligations pertaining to sovereignty, we
have entered into relations with the new
republic. It is fitting that we should do
so now, as we did nearly a century ago,
when the Latin peoples proclaimed the
right of popular government, and It is
equally fitting that the United States
should be the first to stretch out the hand
of fellowship and to extend to the new
state the rules of equal Intercourse that
regulate the relations of sovereignties
toward one another.
"It owes it« existence to the outburst
of the indignant grief which stirred the
hearts of the citizens of the isthmus on
beholding the despotic nation which
sought to forbid their country from ful
filling the "Oestinies vouchsafed to it by
providence. In consecrating its right to
exist, Mr. President, you put an end to
what appeared to be the interminable con
troversy as to the rival waterways and
you definitely Inaugurated the era of the
achievement of the Panama canal.
. "From this time forth the determination
of the future of the canal depends on two
elements alone, now brought face to face,
singularly unlike as regards their author
ity and power but wholly equal in their
common and ardent desire to see at last
the accomplishment of the heroic enter
prise for piercing the mountain barrier of
the Andes.
Secretary Hay formally presented M
Eunau-Varilla to President Roosevelt as
the accredited Minister of the republic of
Panama. Minister Bunau-Varilla in pre
senting his credentials delivered a brief
address, to which the President feelingly
responded. The exchange of addresses
was impressive by reason of the circum
stances and the addresses themselves are
regarded as felicitous and patriotic. Min
ister Bunau-Varilla spoke as follows:
"Mr. President: In according to the
Minister Plenipotentiary of the republic
of Panama the honor of presenting to
you his letters of credence you admit
into the family of nations the weakest
and the last born of the republics of tho
new world.
The Berlin Clinical Worchenschaft con
firms the statement of the doctors that
the operation on Emperor William was
for a harmless polypus. It is learned
from Bonn that Prince Henry of Prussia,
in a conversation with Burgomaster Spi
ritus, declared that the illness of the Em
peror was not at nil serious. Were it so,
Prince Henry says, the Emperor would
have revealed the truth to the people.
At a meeting of the Laryngological So
ciety, to-night Professor Schmidt was
greeted enthusiastically, the members
rising as he entered. The president of the
Bociety, Professor Frankel, congratulated
Professor Schmidt on the success of his
operation on the Emperor. Professor
Schmidt, in reply, said that the operation
was not concluded with any special view
to the exalted position of the subject.
When he put the knife to the Emperor's
larynx he forgot, as far as the operation
was concerned, who his high patient was.
\ arilla's young eon. Secretary Hay and
the new Minister, both attired in con
ventional morning dress, entered the
White House, accompanied by the Min
ister's Bon, and were shown into the blue
room. They were joined almost immedi
ately by the President and Secretary
Loeb.
Dr. Schmidt remains at the new palace
to make a more particular examination
of the wound by the laryngoscope and
sprinkle the wound. The Emperor is for
bidden to rise, epeak or to eat seasoned
foods and drinks. The feeling- at the pal
ace is nevertheless quite cheerful.
The result of the microscopic examina
tion was in the hands of the Emperor
and his physicians after six hours from
the operation. This unexcelled record in
rapid induration, coloring and preparing
of microscopic segments is due to a new
invention of Professor Orth, which was
used for the first time and is unknown
outside the immediate circle of his med
ical friends. The invention Is a very
rapid process of indurating tissues for
microscopic investigation where reasons
of jurisprudence require the speediest pos
sible determination of facts.
The Frankfurter Zeitung prints the fol
lowing details of the Emperor's operation,
obtained partly from Dr. Schmidt, who
belongs to Frankfort:
"The polypus had no stem, as usually
is the case, but spread itself on the edge
of the lelt vocal chord. For this reason
the Emperor's case was more complicated
than with an ordinary vocal chord poly
pus, inasmuch as it required cutting
around to make a stem. Cocaine took
effect on the patient excellently, so that
Dr. Schmidt could use a laryngal knife
with precision and separate the polypus
from the adjacent tissue with the excep
tion of a slight ligament. He inserted a
laryngal forceps and extracted the whole
polypus in the first effort.
"The operation made no disturbing mo
tion. The bleeding wa3 somewhat pro
fuse, but it did not require important
treatment to check. At first the vocal
chord was inflamed and reddish before
the operation, and it took considerable
time to restore the normal condition. Such
an affection of the chord is nothing un
usual. It is no Eign of a more serious
condition."
POTSDAM, Prussia, Nov. 13.— The fol
lowing bulletin was issued this morning:
"The healing of his Majesty's wound is
proceeding in bo satisfactory a manner
that the next bulletin will be issued the
day after to-morrow."
Solicitor for United States
Abandons Preferential
Demands.
Ruler Remains in Bed, But
Feeling at Potsdam Is
Cheerful.
Details of the Operation
Furnished by Sur
geon.
Venezuelan Claims Tri
bunal Hears All the
Arguments.
HAGUE SESSION
IS CONCLUDED
KAISER'S WOUND
HEALS RAPIDLY
THE SAN FBANClSCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 34, 1903.
After Five Days' Maneuvering in High Winds and Stormy Seas
Captain Hall's Big Steamship Tows the Water-Logged
Coasting Steamer Charles /Nelson Back to Her Home Port
COLLIER EDITH BRINGS RICH
PRIZE SAFELY INTO HARBOR
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13. — Governor Pardee
to-day granted a pardon to Slnda Chlpp. an
Indian woman, who bad been sent to San
Quentin penitentiary from Modoc County to
serve a terra of one y*ar for burglary. She
will be released next Monday.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla is uiMjuestiona-
bly the greatest blood and
liver medicine known. It*
positively : and \ permanently
cures every humor, from
Pimples to Scrofula. It* is
the Best* ¦
Blood Medicine.
...^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
_
ITS PURE SINGING TONE AND
A WEARING QUALITIES ASSURE
/ A SATISFACTORY PIANO
Recognized for Superior Merit at
J PARIS BUFFALO LONDON
\ 1900 1901 1902
*-. WORLD'S EXPOSITIONS
The WJjcyXAiicn Co,,
j ' 931-933 Market St., ?? a n nci5«.
[til STANFORD j
CALIFORNIA
' May the Best Team Win.
Marquette Whisky vs. the other kind —
the J3EST HAS WON : : : : :
Marquette Whisky wins easily ' in all
I contests for quality ::::::: |
B CROMMES &. ULLRICH, VV. J. KEARNEY, Representative. 0
H Distillers, 400 Battery SL, S. F. f]
H Chicago, - - III. Telephone Main 53G. a
JMa.r^\iette
IWHiskey IPreliminary Statement Shows Auxil
iary Products to Be Valuable.
. WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The Census
Bureau to-day Issued a preliminary re
port showing that during the calendar
year 1902 there were mined in the United
States 4211 short tons of emery and corun
dum, . valued at $104,333: 335 tons of gar
net, valued : at 5132,829: 12,433 short tons
of marl, valued at $12,741, and 62 40 short
tons of Infusorial earth, trlpoli and pum
ice, valued at SS4.53S. exclusive of $1433 in
value mined as a by-product of soaps tone
and talc.
Self-conceited man looks upon 'every
rosy . cheek as an invitation.
i BOSTON, Nov. 13.-The board of gov
ernors of the National Structural Build
ing Trades Alliance at a secret seselon
held in this city have decided that a gen
eral strike should be inaugurated in all
the principal building trades of New York
unless the existing difficulties between tht.
Building Trades Association and the Iron
League and the Bridge and . Structural
Iron Workers are speedily adjusted.- A
committee has been appointed to attempt
a settlement, and a conference was sched
uled to be held In New York City. "
Strike in New York Urged.
SHAMOKIN, Pa., Nov. 13.— A fierce flre
is ragins In the No. 8 vein of the Enter
,prl3e colliery. The flre started last, night
from an unknown cause. The colliery is
owned by W. L. Connell & Co. and em
ploys 600 men and boys. Employes are
fighting the blaze.
Big Fire in a Mine.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 13.— Officials of the
Builders' Construction League announced
to-day that the lockout of all the building
trades In the city affiliated with the
Building Trades Council will go Into ef
fect to-night and will continue Indefinitely
unless all sympathetic strikes are called
off. About 10,000 men will be affected.
Serious Strike Is Imminent.
Motions that a special committee be ap
pointed to consider the matter of State
federations and that the constitution b©
amended to provide for a regular com
mittee of this kind, was adopted. Joseph
Valentine of California, vice president of
| the Federation of Brass Molders* Inter
! national Union, was appointed In Mr. Mit
j chell's place on the committee on educa
j tion, from which the latter was relieved.
BOSTON, Nov. 13.— A mass of resolu
tions was delivered to the secretary of
the American Federation of Labor to-day
and in order that various committees
might consider them the convention was
adjourned until to-morrow, one hour after
the delegates had assembled. The busi
ness of the convention was in grave dan
ger of being seriously blocked by the reso
lutions, which number 2SL The feature
of the brief session was the. adoption of
a resolution expressing sympathy for the
streetcar men of Chicago in their strike,
together with the hope that an early set
tlement might be made. Secretary
Morrison telegraphed the action of the
convention to the strikers.
Convention in Boston Adopts Resolu
tions Favoring Chicago Strikes.
SYMPATHY FROM FEDERATION.
BEMIDJI, Minn., Nov. 13.— William
Read, cousin of Opie Read, .the novelist,
and a son pf Colonel Read, who is prom
inent In business and social affairs in
Minneapolis, was arrested to-day on com
plaint of his father, who charges that
the son has •violated the conditions of
his pardon from the penitentiary, where
he was sent for grand larceny in 1901.
Young Read is 39 yeara of age. He is
charged with being a victim of the mor
phine habit and being dissolute. He
came to Bemidji more than a month ago
to begin life anew. None knew of his
past record and his father's indorsement
got him an introduction to the best fam
ilies. He Is handsome in appearance,
well educated and of pleasant address.
He soon became a favorite with both
married and single women and was cut
ting deep into the affections of all when
the father was Informed of pending dis
turbances In several families. He visit
ed Bemidji and after investigation caused
the arrest of his son and will have him
returned to the penitentiary, expressing
the belief that at least he could do no
damage there in breaking hearts and dis
turbing family ties.
Opie Reads Cousin
Figures in a
Sensation.
Governor Peabody to-day ordered that
the number of troops In the Cripple Creek
district be lowered to 200. The cavalry
has all been ordered home and in a few
weeks the guard will be reduced to fifty
or seventy-five men.
"Frank P. Morrison, Secretary Conven
tion of the American Federation of La
bor: In the interest of organized labor
waste no time in your convention discuss
ing appropriations of $1000 to the Western
Federation of Miners. The metalliferous
miners under the leadership of President
Moyer and the coal miners under Mother
Jones have joined hands In battle for an
eight-hour day and we are going to win.
"W. D. HATWOOD,
Secretary Treasurer Western Federation
of Miners."
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 14.— Colorado
union miners are now very much con
cerned over the. outcome of the resolu
tion before the American Federation of
Labor asking that body to appropriate
$1000 to assist the miners in carrying on
the strike. The following telegram was
sent to the convention now in session at
Boston this afternoon: "
Colorado Strikers Confident They
"Will Win Eight-Hour-Day.
MINERS ARE ENTHUSIASTIC.
Miners Insist That the Union Must
Be Recognized.
TRINIDAD, Colo., Nov. 13.— For the
first time since the strike of the coal
miners In this district was declared on
Monday. J. T. Kebler, general manager
of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company,
is said to have made advances to effect a
settlement. To-day, it is authoritatively
stated, he requested the striking miners
to appoint a committee of five men to
confer with him in his office at Trinidad.
This proposition was rejected by the men,
¦who say the United Mine Workers of
America must be recognized before any
settlement can be made. The proposition
is said to have been made in both Stark
vllle and Engleville, two Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company's mines, which have
OPEBATOBS OFFER TEBMS.
Terms en Eight-Hour Schedule.
LOUISVILLE, Colo., Nov. 13.— As a re-r
eult of the concession of an eight-hour
day by the operators all the striking
miners in the northern fields will return
to work Monday morning. This was
practically determined upon at a confer
ence here this afternoon between the
operators and a committee representing
the miners.
The operators agreed to grant an eight
hour day pending the settlement of the
strike in the southern coal fields, on the
condition that, if that strike terminated
without granting an eight-hour day by
the southern operators, the men should
i be put back to work on a nine-hour day
i basis in the northern fields. The commit
tee of the men received this proposition
with favor and will submit it for a ref
erendum vote to-morrow, when It is be
lieved that It will be accepted by the
unions, and that the miners will return
to work Monday.
This eight-hour concession Is the re
sult of several conferences held In Den
ver by the operatqrs of the Northern Coal
and Coke Company and John F. Ream
of Ohio, a member of the National Exe
cutive Council of the United Mine Work
ers of America, and National Organizer
Chris Evans of Ohio, representing Presi
dent John Mitchell.
Ream said the men would agree to a
10 per cent reduction of wages If given
the eight-hour day.
Operators and Employes Come to
MINEBS TO GO TO WORK.
Guinness Will Not Challenge.
LONDON, Nov. 13. — The Hon. Rupert
Guinness telegraphs from Valence,
France, in response to an inquiry as to
whether he Intends to challenge for the
America's cup:
"There Is no truth in the statement."
BUFFALO, N. T.. Nov. IX— A Pennsyl
vania passenger train which left Bnffal*
at 11:43 for East Aurora was derailed a
quarter of a mile east of the city limits
at midnight. Four passengers were In
jured, two of whom may die. The en
gineer Is missing and It Is feared that ha
Is under the wreckage.
Passengers Injured in a Wreck.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 13.— The Internation
al Eastern Company has signed the con
tract for the construction of a railroad
from Kair Feng Fn to Ho Nan Fa, with
a probable subsequent extension to Hain
Fu.
N"ew Railroad in China,
PARIS, Nov. 13.— After an extended de
bate the Chamber of Deputies adopted a
resolution by M. Berry (Conservative)
creating a committee to investigate the
alleged political conspiracy in connection
with the Humbert affair.
Conspiracy to Be Probed.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— The Lord Chief Jus
tice to-day ordered the removal of the
Whltaker Wright case from the Old
Bailey to the High Court of Justice, so
that, owing to Its complicated character,
it may be. heard by a special jury.
Whitaker Wright Case Removed.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11-The depart
ment at Washington has ordered the fol
lowing changes In the postal service- on
the Pacific Coast:
Postmasters commissioned — California —
Benjamin Pauly, Nelson Point. Wash
ington—Ole B. Nelson. Pateros.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed-
California — Arthur C. Harvie. Ryde, Sac
ramento County, vice William A. Kesner.
resigned. Oregon— Mary E. MIddlebnsher.
Trail. Jackson County, vice Sareptae
Inglow, resigned: Mrs. Tempa 1L Hardy.
Trail Fork. Giliiam County, vice^Nancy
M. Mattingly. resigned.
Army orders— First Lieutenant Robert
K. Splller, Twenty-sixth Infantry, relieved
from further treatment at the hospital.
Presidio. San Francisco, and will Join hi*
company.
Postal and War Departments Order
Changes in the Service.
OF INTEREST TO PACIFIC COAST.
TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 11— Mrs. Cora
Casey, wife of Alexander Casey, mining
man and capitalist, owner of the Wlllard
Hotel in this city and rich mines at
Gleason, Ariz., commuted suicide to
night by taking four ounces, of carbolic
acid. She died in great agony.
Mrs. Casey placed a note between the
leaves of her Bible, which was found be
neath her pillow, reading as follows:
"I am out of my misery. When I am
dead I hope Mr. Casey will be happy. I
want to die In Tucson, where I was
cursed. Had not others meddled there
would not have been trouble between us.
I have always done right. God will right
things some day. I am not afraid to die."
Mrs. Casey was 23 years of age and
had been married to Casey eleven months.
Casey fought a duel with officers a few
weeks ago and frightened all cf the
guests out of the hotel by shooting
through the walls. He was crazed by
drink at the time.
Wife of Tucson Mining
Man Swallows Car
bolic Acid
WORCESTER, Mass., Nov. 13.—Al
though the doors of the bank of the house
of WInslow & Co. are closed and
probably . will never be reopened under
the old name, the business of the Samuel
Winslow Skating Company will be con
tinued by the receivers who took cbarge
of both concerns to-day. It is believed
that the liabilities will reach nearly
$300,000.
Bank Closes but Auxiliary Enter
prises "Will Continue,
WrNSLOW'S LIABILITIES GEEAT.
"I cannot tell what I will reply until I
know what they will ask. I will do all I
can, however, to prevent disorder In con
nection with the strike."
It is said by the labor leaders that they
will have a delegation numbering fully
1200 when the descent is made on the City
Hall to-morrow to present their demands.
Mayor Harrison when asked about the
matter said to-night:
That the police be restrained from rid
ing on the cars of the company during
the strike, and failing to secure the con
sent of the Mayor to this an attempt be
made to secure an injunction to restrain
the police from so acting.
That the State's attorney be urged to
institute quo warranto proceedings into
the right of the police to ride on the cars.
That all street car companies be pro
hibited from using electricity as a motive
power.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— Organized labor
will to-niorrow attempt to bring sufficient
pressure to bear on the municipal authori
ties to prevent the police from flding on
the cars of the Chicago City Rallway
Company during the existing trouble. A
call was sent out to-night for all mem
bers of the Chicago Federation of Labor
and the various leagues that advocate
municipal ownership of public utilities to
meet at 2 o'clock prepared to make a call
on Mayor Harrison and Chief of Police
O'NeilL
It has been decided to present the fol
lowing requests to the city government:
That no more franchises be granted to
street car companies, but that they be
operated hereafter under the license sys
tem.
•WAJfT POLICE KEPT OFF.
Strike Leaders "Will Submit Bequests
to Chicago City Authorities.
CHETENNE, Wyo., Nov. 13.— In an In
terview this evening Governor Chatterton
made public the result of his investiga-
I tions during his recent trip to Central
Wyoming in regard to the responsibility
! for the Sioux outbreak.
The Governor ascertained that shortly
before the fight It was reported te Sheriff
Miller at Newcastle that a band of Sioux
Indians were not only illegally hunting
; game along the border of Weston and
! Converse counties, but were also slaugh
j tering cattle of the ranchmen. These re
ports were so authentic that the Sheriff
i organized a posse of six men and started
! on a search for the Indians, meeting them
on the dry fork of the Cheyenne river.
When the officers first reached the Indian
camp the bucks were out hunting. Upon
their return the Sheriff demanded their
' surrender. Some of the Indians were will
! Ing to come in, but others were not, the
i latter saying- that they were under Char
ley Smith, or Eagle Feather, his Sioux
name. Smith became defiant when the
Sheriff told him that the Indians were
', violating the law and replied that Miller
had not men enough to take them. He
then ordered his party to break camp.
As they started the Sheriff and his posse
went with them for some distance, urging
them to surrender and submit to the law.
Smith refused and the Sheriff retired and
added five ranchmen to his party. The
Sheriff again overtook the Indians on
Lightning Creek the day after about sun
set- Demand was made upon the Indians
to halt and surrender. This was repeated
three times, when the Sioux opened flre.
the officers replying immediately. The
Indians fled es soon as they saw that
some of their party were shot.
The Governor states that there can be
no question as to where the responsibil
ity lies. The Indians were violating the
laws of the State of Wyoming—knowing
ly and willfully— and the murdered officers
were martyrs to their duty.
The Governor declared that he would
Insist on a thorough trial, If for no other
reason than to vindicate the dead officers
and present their sacrifice in proper light
before the people.
been closed down since the strike was de
clared.
A number of miners were taken to
Primrose this morning In a caboose of the
Colorado and Wyoming Railroad. Several
armed guards went with them and they
were taken to the mine under guard.
FATHER'S NOD
SENDS SON
TO PRISON
"The members of the Republican Na
tional Committee are hereby called to
meet at the Arlington Hotel in the city
of Washington. D. C, at 12 o'clock noon.
Friday. December 11.. It Is expected that
the session will continue Saturday, De
cember 12. The business before the com
mittee being to decide the time and place
of holding the next Republican national
convention and to transact such business
as may properly come before this meet-
Ing."
member of the committee a
letter calling them to meet at the Arling
ton Hotel. Washington, on Friday, De
cember 11. The call is signed by Perry S.
Heath, secretary. Tt,5 committee will
meet on Friday for the purpose of ap
pointing sub-commlttee3 who on Satur
day morning will hear the claims of the
cities aspiring to be selected as the place
of holding the 1904 convention. Senator
Hanna will entertain the members of the
committee at a dinner at the- Arlington
on Saturday night of December 12. The
call follows:
WASHINGTON, Nov 13.—Sena
tor M. A. Hanna. chairman of
the Republican National Com
mittee, to-day mailed to each
Governor Reports on
Recent Outbreak in
Wyoming.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Nov. IX— The mail
steamer which has just returned hero
from Labrador brings no news of the ex
pedition to explore the Interior of Labra
dor headed by Leonidas Hubbard Jr. of
New York, assistant editor of Outing. All
the sailors believe the party perished. A
tribe of Montagnis Indians that has been
trapping In the Interior recently visited
the coast and say they saw nothing of
the Hubbard expedition, although the In
dians went ISO miles Inland.
BELIEVE PABTY PEBISHED.
No News Received of Hubbard Ex
pedition to Labrador.
Senator Hanna Calls
Committee To- .
gether.
REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COM
MITTEE CHAIRMAN WHO
HAS CALLED MEETING.
Lady Roberts said this morning that tfie
condition of Lord Roberts wa3 quite sat
isfactory and that he was making favor
able progress toward recovery.
. the unveiling at Windsor on No
vember 6 of the memorial to Prince
Christian Victor. He is not. however, ia
danger.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— Field Marshal
Lord Roberts. commander in
chief of the forces, is suffering
from pneumonia, contracted at
British Commander
Has Contracted
Pneumonia.
The company had announced that it
would put on enough cars to handle the
usual evening traffic, but at the conclu
sion of the last trip in the afternoon de
cided not to attempt handling cars after
dark and the plan was given up.
versy submitted to arbitration. After to
day's meeting one of the arbitration
board said that the indications were that
the management of the company would
agree to arbitrate all the demands of the
men with the exception of the recogni
tion cf the union.
ONSTANTINOPLE.Nov. 13.—Tew
/f flk Pa^ha, the Foreign Minister,
HL. called on the Austrian ano\ Rus-
sian Embassadors yesterday and
notified them that the Porte's re
ply to the latest note of the two powers on
the subject of reforms in Macedonia would
speedily be presented and that it would be
satisfactory.
This is in accordance with the views of
the Grand Vizier, who opposed the previ
ous rejection of the reform scheme and
consequently was threatened with the de
privation of his office. His position is now
secure. <
COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF
GREAT BRITAIN'S ARMY,
WHO IS ILL.
Demand of Powers
for Reform Re
spected.
FOREIGN MINISTER OF TUR
KEY, WHO IS CONCILIATING
THE POWERS.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— Twenty-ftve cars
run en the Wectworth-avenue line with
out damage to the cars or injury to the
cor.-ur.ion employes operating them was
•what the Chicago City Railway Company
was able to accomplish to-day, ¦with the
E.5sist£nce of the Police Department. The
rars were run at three different times,
leaving the Seventy-seventh-street barns
at 6:30 a. m.. ten leaving at 10 :« and ten
at 3:30. in the first two runs the round
trip was made in about three hours; in
the third, in about one and a half hours,
the usual time. During the entire trip, a
distance cf ovfr eight miles, only one
missile was thrown.
While there was no active interference
with the handling of the cars, such as at
tended the attempts to run cars yester
day, the crowds that lined the streets
;*ered and booted the police and the non
cstoa men almost without intermission.
But two stones were hurl^vi at the cars
during tr.e <iay. one being thrown by a
¦woman, who made her escape in the
crowd before the police could reach her,
end the other being hurled from the new
joEtcffice building now being built.
Neither stone did damajre worth mention
ing.
At nightfall the officials of the street
car ffflnpany were inclined to view the
day's work as being successful and on
the whole satisfactory. They announced
that cars would be run to-morrow on the
V.'tntworth-avf-r.ue lire at the same hours
as to-day, end that attempts ¦would b«
made to operate other lines which were, ;
however, not specified.
FIE.E3IEK" WALK OUT.
Shortly after this decision was an
nounced the situation was complicated for i
th< company by a sudden strike of the ;
Cresses employed in all six power houses j
owned by the company.
Tb* Firemen's Union made an ajrree
rr.-r.t two days ago with the company f
which was to last for a year. There was i
a clause in the contract, which gave the;
firemen the discretion to go on a sympa-
tr.etic strike if the company declined to ;
arbitrate with the employes now on i
Ftr:ke. The company explained its atti- !
tude en arbitration and said that it had j
always been willing to arbitrate the ques- j
t:on of wages.
The f.renv=n then signed the contract, ;
m-hich uas repudiated to-night. The of- '
ricrals of the Firemen's Union declared .J
that they had ordered the strike because ;
the company had declined their offer to
m*diate between the company and the ;
employes now en strike.
The calling out cf the firemen involves
cilers, water tenders, coal passers, ash '
handlers, ccal and supply inen, 230 in
all. The real danger in this last strike !
lies in the attitude of the teamsters. They j
may decline to deliver coal to the com- !
pasy if non-union firemen are employed j
and the company has but three days" I
supply on han-J.
ARBITRATION PROPOSED.
During the afternoon an effort was !
rr.c<2e to bring about a peaceable adjust- i
ment of the strike. The members of the |
State Beard of Arbitration called upon !
Manager McCulIcch and upon the latter's •
HSCeation went into conference with H. J
R. Bliss, counsel for the company, with '
the hope of arranging a settlement, cr at '
least a conference between the strikers !
and the cfScials cf the road. Nothing ]
definite was accomplished at the confer- '
ence, but another meeting has been ar- •
ranged for to-morro-vr, when a second at- j
tempt will be made to have the contro-
Although. Chie Line Is Operated All
I>a.y Without Hindrance, Xew Con
ditions 2Iay Render Arbi
tration Necessary.
SAYS INDIANS
WERE TO BLAME
The trip planned would consume several
months and would be on the order of
General Woods' pleasurable Jaunt to the
Philippines. Secretary Root, is now con
sidering the request. It is strongly sus
pected that the real purpose of General
Carter Is to postpone his arrival in the
Philippines until General Wade, now In
command there, has been relieved.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— Brigadier
General W. H. Carter of the general staff
of the army, who was temporarily ap
pointed to that body when it was organ
ized with the understanding that he was
to go to the Philippines in December In
accordance with his own request made
several months ago, has asked that in
stead of being sent direct to the archi
pelago he be assigned to make an exten
sive tour of Europe to study military
problems.
His amended request was made directly
to Secretary Root o%-er the head of Lieu
tenant General Young, chief of staff, and
has brought to light a smoldering but
bitter row within the general staff.
There has been a disturbing element in
the general 'staff from the day it was or
ganized and the charge has been freely
made that it was General Carter's bicker
ings and rows that soon became too
much for General Corbin and he got out
by asking to be allowed to change places
at once with General Chaffee, then com
manding the Department of the East, who
is to be the next chief of staff.
Special Ksratch to The Call
YOUNG BRIDE
KILLS HERSELF
The facts were brought out during an
examination in the case of Mrs. Annie
Armitage Park Hilton against TV. S. Mc-
Cornick. Mrs. Hilton was once sealed for
eternity to Dr. C. H. Park. She afterward
married William Hilton for time. On Dr.
Park's death she sued for a widow's In
terest in the estate despite her second
marriage. The property, amounting to
about $40,000. had been bequeathed to the
University of Utah, but the Supreme
Court decided that "sealing for eternity"
constitutes lawful wedlock and she was
entitled- to her dower right. The suit
against McCornick. a trustee of the es
tate, is a sequence. Elder Penrose was
placed on the stand by N. V. Jones, a
Mormon,, attorney for Mr3. Hilton, to ex
plain the rite of sealing and its signifi
cance.
This and similar testimony is likely to
be used In the Senate's investigation of
the Qualifications of Senator Reed Smoot
to occupy the seat to which he has been
elected.
Elder Charles W. Penrose, editor of the
church organ, the Desert -News, declared
"celestial marriages" are being performed
daily by church authorities and that co
habitation under these marriages is not
considered unlawful. According' to the
laws of the church, as expounded, there
are . three forms of marriage. The first
is for both time and eternity, the .common
form of wedlock. This is supposed to> last
durinc ; the existence on this earth and
throughout the life In another sphere.
The second Is the marriage for time only,
lasting for the life on earth and ceasing
with death. The third is the "sealing"
.for eternity only. According to the teach
ing's of the church a person may be
"sealed" to one mate for "time" and an
other for "eternity," the second relation
ship beginning where the first leaves off
—at death. But Elder Penroso testified
that the celestial relationship cften be
came of a decidedly earthly character and
that pairs thus joined some times even
now live together on this earth as hus
band and wife, regardless of other nup
tial ties
SALT LAKE, Utah. Nov. IX— Polygamy
in one form is being practiced continually
with the sanction of the Mormon church,
according to the sworn testimony of one
of its leaders to-dav.
Powerful Allies Reject Agree
ment and Join the
Carmen.
Failures this week numbered 2S3 la the
United States, against 311 and 27 la Can
ada, compared with 24 a year ago.
Readjustment of wages and abnormally
warm weather are not calculated to
stimulate distribution of merchanrii.se.
especially wearing apparel and fuel. Sev
j eral other staple lines are rather Quiet, as
is usual at this season, yet the splendid
I profits of agricultural communities can
not fall to put large sums of money m
circulation and provide a market for com
j modities. Prices of all staples were
slightly higher on November 1 than tn©
month past, but in the past two wee&s
the level ha3 fallen somewhat. Settle
' meats of labor disputes la llthograpaias
j and several minor industries are offset by
! new struggles in the building trades.
streetcar lines and coal mines, while the
cut la wages of iron workers and spin
ners may result ia strikes. A special
event was the resumption of work In the
coke ovens.
After the shock of new prices was over
the iron and steel markets became more
active. There is more satisfaction ex
pressed than otherwise over the lower
figures, since they are calculated to stim
ulate activity.
Hides are steady, with a firmer tone.
In Canada failures for the week cum
ber 13. as against 13 last week and 13 last
year.
NEW YORK. Nov. IX— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s Weekly Review of Trade will say
to-morrow:
Chief among the depressing features
brought to light this week are the re
ports that finished steel products kava
been cut, that wages of iron and steel
and cotton mill employes must coma
down, and that some new strikes, notably
a general shutdown of Colorado coal
mines, are menacing Far Western, manu
facturing and railway activity. On th»
other hand the fact might aa well b«
faced that high prices have checked de
mand, that manufacturers of lroa and
steel believe that the demand can be re
vived if price concessions are made and
that the wage reductions are calculated
to render this policy more effectual, not
withstanding that a decrease in earnings
and consumptive power results tem
porarily.
I The lumber market Is Irregular. RaUd
j ing activity is favored by the late faC
' Wheat (including flour) exports for th«
I week ending November 12 aggregate 3,653.-
S23 bushels, against 4.340.2S1 bushels last
week and 3,440,160 bushels last year.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending November 13 number
210. against 206 last week. 201 la the Ilka
week of 13C2 and 2C3 la 1301.
A fact that has not been given full
weight is that there Is now hers such*
great accumulations of stocks as threaten
sacrifice cf valuea.
Quietness and evert repression go»era
general trade and Industry, but prevail
ing pessimism cannot hide the fact that
seme really encouraging signs are vis
ible. Taken as a whole, general business
this week is rather larger, due to the ex
pansion In retail trade- at the Northwest,
where it Is favored by cooler, settled
weather, and at tha South, where an enor
mous Quantity cf cotton is being mar
keted at excellent prices. Wholesale
trade Is still Quiet as a whole, awaiting
developments In price and demand. Ex
port trade aeenrs to be at last expanding.
Exports of leading products aggregate tha
second largest total ever recorded la. Oc
tober.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say:
Trouble Brewing
on the General
• Staff.
Mormon Leader
Says Polygamy
Is Practiced.
Greatly Affected by
Strikes.
¦
Business in General Has Been
Situation in Chicago
Now Seriously Com
plicated.
Conditions in Northwest
and South Brighten
Outlook.
FIREMEN IN
CARSHOPS GO
ON STRIKE
ARMY CHIEFS
WAR AMONG
THEMSELVES
THREE FORMS
OF MARRIAGE
NOW IN UTAH
GENERAL TRADE
IS DEPRESSED
ROBERTS
YIELDS TO
ILLNESS
TURKEY'S
REPLY IS
PROMISED
WILL FIX
PLACE OF
MEETING
THE SAN FBANCISCO. CALL, SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 14. 1903.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The funeral of
Rear Admiral Lester A. Beardslee, U. S.
N.,t retired, who died In Augusta. Ga.^
Tuesday night, was held here to-day. The
remains were cremated and the/ashes de-»
posited In the National Cemetery at : Ar-
Uneton.
Funeral cf Admiral Beardslee.
CENSUS KEFOBT ON MINES.
3
OBw PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
weafi?
Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery
CURES Weak
Lungs.
$3,000 FORFEIT
T7IU be paid by the World's Dispensarr
Medical Association, Proprietors, Buf-
falo, N. Y., if they cannot show the orig-
inal signature of the individual volun-
teering the testimonial below, -and also
of the writers of every testimonial among
the tho-osaads which they are constantly
publishing, thus proving their genuine-
ness.
•Whea I cotsiaeaced tafcir.g yonr oedkiscs,
eighteen sioath* ago. xsy health was co=pl»tely
broken down." writes Mrs. Cora L. SnaderUnd.
cf CliasewiUe, Ca'.xxrt Co.. Md. "At ti=es I j
could rxt'eren w*Hc across the room without ;
pains -a :=v chest. The doctor who atUndei me
I3.ut I had lung trouSle, and that J atruld never be
taeU cgazn. At last I coadaded to try Dr. Pierre's
pedidaes. 1 bought a bottle of'Coldea Med-
icsJ Discovers- ' tack it, &nd sooa conusenced
to feel a little better, thea von <Iirected nse to
take both the * Goldea Mecic*! Discover * acd ,
th* * Favorite Prescripticu.' which I «iid. Alto-
gether I hive taien eig^hteea bottles of* Goldea
ii^iiepl rjisooverv.' twelve of the ! Faforite Pre-
scriptiaa.' a=<i fife rials of ! Pellets. 1 I anx now
alasst satire:? weH. aad <io tH vsy work with-
out asy paia w-haterer. **>* can run witlx acre
ease thaa I coeld fsnserly wal>. n
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse
and regelate the bowels.
Schilling's Best make monc
-go further, life more comfor:'
able and the grocery busine. :
better.
Moneybzck.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§T A MTT.I.TON HAPt>Y A2SZ31C&X
fl 4£g2&- gjJMg*' 1 '' CHILDREN are k-pt healthy with
II iPfilfJFf: IflBBTi- V CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. Qocd
H Ik ' w ' ord3 spoken by their rcanzas for
S fgcNpSflaEKr 1 y^^j^l \\\ CASCARETS to other mamas have
U fjHsS^^fc i^ \w made CASCASZTS successful until
3 Jl£B * *CK tte sale nc ' w ' i3 OVE3 A 2JILIJON
I jg82$M TT" V \S^^ BOXES A MONTE. W27 do little
fl Jggflf f^\ W^* tSfcik 8 ' olk3 V^ 9 CASCAHETS? Because
S^^^»//* r 3#( *v"*"""" "»^"*\^. ti:sy are a STee '- palatable, frag-
¦ \ Swlk is railt lltt2e tao!et ~ ta3te "wood, do
H Bfwll M*» F»;/) 1^ ffood— never cjrlp nor gripe, but act
*3 SE^ .iraL-^^SR 1^ UX-J&Jx C enU 3\ naturally, positively. Medi-
*S jff^XTXCijt*^^ O&M/A cls^ that a chUd dislikes wL< not do
¦a , WBtBKkF It niucb. cood. Children are always
i WS^v^^' / , .W'-Wr ready to take CASCARZTS. THS
|i PERFECT HOME MEDICINE, ask
k / / J^s^ for them acd are kept beaitcy al-
ffi f \ ways and saie a^alns* tie dac^er3
*q ~''^&to ' s ' y. °* childhood's ailments. Best for
gj yXxS^^EiS. -\ tte B 0 '** 13 - AU druggists. lCc. 25c.
yj I E5§£3S&/"""7\i 50c ' Never BOl(i to *rcli. Gennlna
if \^3P^\>«t M tabIe * stamped C C C. Sample and
If \ I 4£ f booklet free. Address
a W- . \/->l /* 7 STERLING REMEDY CO..
m "They make m» lU'W A Chicago or New York.
M feet to good.." ¦¦'¦r m m
l^b l *fe£ ANL *' / CATHARTIC % S xJgg£^^^ -
1 ANNUAL SALE -TEN MBLLCOW BOXES
|^ . Greatest in the World m». . Friday.". November 13.
* Stmr Eureka, Jeesen, 30 hours from Eureka.
Schr Defender. Hellineaen. 23\days from
Pnako. • .
SAILED.
,' % ' .' ' " ' ' Friday, November 13.
j ,r Btmr Del Norte. Green, Crescent City.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen,-.— — . • • •
". . i !¦ ~- : DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived -. Nov 13-^Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skagway.
PORT BLAKELfcY— Sailed ICov 13— Br ship
Cambu«kenneth, for Port Ludlow.
. > OCEAN STEAMERS.
. GENOA-i-Sailed ;.Nov ,13 — Stmr Princess
Irene, for 'New York,- via -Naples. ¦ , ~; '¦¦¦:
QUEENSTOWN'— Arrived . Nov ¦ 13 — Stmr
¦Etrurla,* from: New": York, -for 'Liverpool, 1 , and
proceeded." • ~ • . , ¦¦-
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
F. W. Zehfuss of the Golden West Stor
age Company, 840 Mission street, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of Mrs. Loretta Mc-
Donald, wife . of Henry McDonald,., on a
charge of grand larceny. Zehfuss alleges
that . he holds , a mortgage on Mrs. Mc-
Donald's furniture, executed on April 24
last, and that on-Wednesday she sold the
furniture for $300. Mrs. McDonald's hus
band played the principal part in a sen
sational suit about five years ago. He
claimed to be the heir of the late Captain
McDonald and he was awarded J50.000
from the estate.
Young Matron in Trouble.
Mitchell denies that he" fired any shots
at his wife, and his denial is borne out
by the, fact that when Policeman Ceinar
took the revolver if rom him it was loaded
in each : chamber and the muzzle bore? no
sign of smoke
Thomas H. Mitchell, pipe fitter. Nine
teenth avenue and N street. Sunset dis
trict, appeared before Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday on the charge of assault to
murder. His wife Matilda accused him of
bitting her on the head with the butt end
of a revolver, and when she ran into the
street he fired five shots at hen, This Is
supposed to have occurred on Thursday
night.
Mrs. Mitchell was in court, and when
the Judge asked her if she would swear
to a complaint against her husband she
promptly replied that she would. After,
the complaint had been sworn to. Mitchell
was Instructed and arraigned and the
case was continued till. November 19. Mrs.
Mitchell told the .Judge : that she would
at once file a suit for divorce.
She Swears to a Complaint Against
Eim^and He Is Arraigned in
Court.
MITCHELL DENIES FIBIKQ
FIVE SHOTS AT WIFE
When we are interested enqujjh to In
quire about a man we U3uallv find out
something that we did not want to hear.
Tho California State Floral Society held
its regular meeting yesterday in Elks'
Hall at 223 Suttcr street. Pleasant dis
cussion on flowers contributed to the af
ternoon's business.
Floral Society Meets.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 13.— The funeral of the
late Mrs. J. G. Bliss was held this after
noon from the family residence on High
street. Services were conducted by the
Rev. William Norman Guthrie of Christ
Episcopal Church. Officiating as pallbear
ers were Wlnfleld McKean, Harry R. Tay
lor, Harry Terry and Fred Linderman. In
terment was in Mountain View Cemetery.
Mrs. J. G. Bliss Laid to Best.
A judgment for $500 was rendered in
Judge Troutt's court yesterday, in favor
of Miss F. M. Boyere against George
Whlttel Jr., son of a capitalist of this
city. An air of extreme mystery has been
maintained in regard to the case. The
plaintiff could not be located In the city
and H. M. Owens, her attorney, refused
to divulge the whereabouts of his client
or the particulars of the cause of action.
. The suit was brought under the section
of the Civil Code covering breach of
promise cases, and the only evidence in
troduced was a deposition on the part of
the plaintiff. This was withdrawn from
the records previous to the declaration
of judgment.
Charles Hanlon, attorney for the de
fendant, is out of the city, and at the
home of the young man all knowledge of
the suit is denied. It Is understood that
the plaintiff comes from the East/where
the cause of action is said to have orig
inated. * * **L ,
SON v OF CAPITALIST
SUED BY YOUNG WOMAN
James Hearn was run over by a switch
engine at Eighth and Townsend streets
at 2 o'clock this morning and fatally in
jured. He was removed to the Emer
gency Hospital.
Bun Over by an Engine.
Notice Issued to Teamsters.
A notice has been Issued by the Team-
Bters* Association to all drivers of wag
ons requesting them to take particular
care of Third street, from Market to
King, in order that this thoroughfare
may b« kept in good condition. The cir
cular draws particular attention to the
fact that Third street is one of the best
paved streets in the city, and In order
to keep It in good condition drivers are
requested not to use the car tracks for
one wheel, which practice cuts a gutter
on the outside.
The members of the Deutscher Club
will hold a reception at the Tlvoll next
Monday evening to honor their fellow
member, Paul Stelndorff, this being his
annual testimonial. ,
while the cause of much pauperism is
lack of education. At such a parental
school Mr. McClymonds advocated the
teaching of the useful arts.
William A. Pinkerton. the well known
detective, accompanied by Allan Pinker
ton, grandson of the founder of the Pink
erton agency, arrived from the north
yesterday and registered at the Palace.
They are on a tour of inspection of the
Pinkerton agencies. v ¦ -
John Dexter of Chenik. Alaska, who
was the first white man into Nome, •ar
rived from the north yesterday and is
registered at the Grand. -
Former Governor W. A. Richards of
Wyoming, and now. United States Land
Commissioner, with his two daughters,- is
staying at the Occidental. He is travel
ing for pleasure and has just returned
from Shasta, where he has been visiting
bis brother.
DV.~:E > ngllsh and wife of Vacaville are
at , the v Lick.
- Fred' S wanton, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz', is at the Palace.
J^ H. Kahn, a banker and merchant of
Merced, is at the Palace.'
Dry J. E. Plckard and wife of Virginia
City, Nev.,' are at the Palace.
Editor. ,y. 78. McClatchy of the Sacra
mento ' Bee"' is at,. the California. ' .
"J."T. Roberts, son of a well known
banker of Madera, is at the Palace.
Adjutant General George Stone depart
ed for the East on business .Thursday
night.
P. L. Williams of Salt Lake, chief
counsel for the Oregon Short Line, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
J. Murray Forbes, a member of one of
Boston's oldest and wealthiest families,
is at the Palace, having arrived yesterday
from Santa Barbara.
PEBjSONAL MENTION.
The Injunction which, for the last two
years has prevented ¦ the Board of Su-,.
pervlsors from enforcing ¦ its ordinance
prohibiting burials in Laurel Hill Cem
etery, was dissolved yesterday by Judge
Hebbard. The motion to dissolve the in
junction was mado by Attorney Garret
McEnerney and Assistant City Attorney
Sims, both of whom contended that the
recent decision of the Supreme Court in
the case of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
declaring the ordinance valid, practically
decided the case at bar.
Acting on the advice contained in a
communlcaticn frem City Attorney Lane,
the Board of Health stopped issuing cer
tificates for burials in Laurel Hill Cem
etery at noon yesterday. Lane said that
owing to the dissolving of the Injunction
by Judge 'Hebbard there were no legal
proceedings pending which would prevent
the enforcement of the ordinance prohib
iting burials in the city limits.
Judge Hebbard Dissolves the Injunc
tion Bestraining the City From
Enforcing Ordinance.
Mrs. Frank Boskowitz, Well Known
in This City, Passes Away at
Home.
Mrs. Frank Boskowitz of 1701 Post street
died at 1:30 o'clock yesterday morning.
She was E2 years of age. a complication
of stomach troubles caused her death.
The dead woman was prominent for her
charitable work, to which she devoted a
great part of her time.
She was born in Richmond, Va., In 1S51
svnd came West to Nevada, where she was
married In 1S75. She has been a resident
of this city for the last twenty years.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
morning at 9:30 o'clock from her late resi
dence. The body will be cremated at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
CHARITABLE WOMAN
SUMMONED BY DEATH
BTJBIALS AT LATJBEL HILL
NOW, A THING OF THE PAST
The officials at the union depot In this
city were informed yesterday that five
children had arrived at Halsey with the
body of their mother. The children gave
the name of Taylor and said that with
their father they had come from the East
to bury their mother. Their father be
came separated from them at Portland
and his absence was not discovered until
they were well on their way to Halsey.
They have received no word from their
father and the little ones are left strand
ed. A search has been begun for Taylor,
but no trace of him ha3 been found. The
children with their charge are being held
at Halsey awaiting some solution of the
mystery or a message from their friends.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 13.— Five ycrane
children are waiting by their mother's
corpse at Halsey, Or., for their straying
father.
Father Disappears While Escorting
Them From the East With Body
of Their Mother.
LEAVES FIVE CHILDBEN/
ON A TBAIN IN" OBEGON
During a spell of absent-mindedness this
afternoon Mrs. Frances Weir, wife of
William K. Weir, First Ward represent
ative on the Board of Education, walked
in front of a Southern Pacific local train
at Berkeley station and received injuries
from which she died immediately. The
engine struck the unfortunate woman a
terrific blow upon the head, fracturing the
¦skull and knocking her under the wheels,
so that the engine and four cars passed
_over her body.
The tragedy occurred at 2:50 o'clock, at
which hour the local train was drawing
into the station. Mrs. Weir was crossing
Shattuck avenue with some bundles in
her arms, making in the direction of the
street cars then standing at the corner
of Center street. She was apparently pre
occupied and to spectators who saw her
danger did not seem to hear the ap
proaching train. She was in the middle
of the tracks when the engine thundered
down upon and crushed her beneath it.
After striking her down the train passed
over her and mangled the body fright
fully. .* •
Besides her husband Mrs. Weir leaves
two children— Miss Louette Weir, a senior
at the Berkeley High School, and Robert
Weir, a civil engineer in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company in Nevada
County. She was 40 years old and a na
tive of Illinois. The family lately changed
their residence to 1604 Scenic avenue. No
arrangements for the funeral have yet
been made.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street. Nov. 13.
Payne rose to a point of order and in
sisted that the question of privilege be
stated first The Speaker suggested that
a resolution would inform the House as
to what question th« speaker desired to
present. He finally sustained the point of
order, cries of "regular order" being
heard on the Republican side. On motion
of Payne the House adjourned.
"Indications are that in the Panama-
Colombia matter the President is in
vading a constitutional prerogative of
the Congress and It seems of high Im
portance to the dignity and authority of
this House that both be dispelled forth
with."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— When the
House met to-day Payne of New York,
chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means, reported the Cuban bill and
gave notice that on Monday he would call
It up for consideration. By unanimous
consent the minority of the Ways and
Means Committee were given further time
to submit a minority report. Immediately
after the reading of the Journal Livernash
of California arose to a question of per
sonal privilege. Reading from manu
script, he began by saying:
Speaker Puts an End to Congress
man's Criticism of Boosevelt.
LIVEBNASH IS IGNOBED.
Several of the unions are to give an
niversary balls— the Electrical Workers'
Union .No. v 6 on November 21 at the Me
chanics' Pavilion; Pattern-makers' Asso
ciation" to-night at Union Square Hall;
Retail Clerks' Union, Thanksgiving eve at
EIntracht Hall. O
The Actors' Union will hold a benefit at
Sutro's baths on November 22, the pro
ceeds to go toward getting more suitable
quarters for their meetings.
Several large wholesale houses have
agreed to meet the demands of the Jan
itors'^ Union 1 for 153 a month for nine
hours' work.
A communication was received from
Los Angeles Labor Council to the effect
that a boycott had been declared on the
packing-houses of Cudahy, Simon Maier
and.Hauser of that" city. .
The San Francisco Labor Council held
its regular weekly meeting last night at
1159 Mission street. President George B.
Benham presided. v
President Cornelius of the Carmen's
Union read a report In regard to the find
ings of the late arbitration committee. He
said the decision of the committees was
unsatisfactory to the carmen. It was
quite evident, he said, that the corpora
tion's desires were to crush the carmen's
unions whenever and wherever they could.
Reports were read from the bootmak
ers', shoemakers' and shipbuilders' un
ions. An application from the Riggers'
Protective Union for a charter from the
American . Federation of Labor was re
ferred back that they might get the in
dorsement of the local council before the
larger order could take any action. The
district council of painters Indorsed the
action of the local union of ship and
steamboat painters for an increase in pay
to $3 50 a day.
Delegates From Various Unions of
the City Bead Reports of Their
Conditions.
"Hanlon is undoubtedly a wonder in his
way," said Corbett, when discussing his
coming engagement. "His defeat of Yang
er probably gave you Chicago folks an
Idea as to his fijrhting ability. I fancy
he will find himself up against it when
we cross arms again. I will be in far
better shape for this encounter than I
was on the former occasion, when he
managed to hold me to a draw. My con
dition was none of the best then, but I
promise you there, will be no excuse on
that score this time. I will be acclimated
and will be able to do myself Justice."
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— Young Corbett. the
king pin of the feather-weight division of
boxers, passed through the city to-day.
He is en route for San Franciaco. where
he is scheduled to box Eddie Hanlon.
who recently defeated Benny Yanger and
who has a draw with the champion to
his credit. The famous Denver boxer ap
peared in the best of health and spirits.
He carried a good dear of fat in the re
gion of his waistband, but thi3 was not
surprising, as it is a well known fact that
he accumulates flesh rapidly when out of
training.
Promises to Be in Good Condition
When Next He Faces Eddie
Hani on.
YOTJNG CORBETT BESTS
AT CHICAGO EN" BOUTE WEST
LOOAX LABOB COXTtfCLL
HOLDS WEEKLY MEETING
Mr. McClymonds stated that the Juve
nile court and the compulsory ¦ education
law* are ' Indispensable to one another.
As truancy Is not a crime truants are not
eligible . to .the reform school ; .therefore a
parental school is needed. In many.coun
ties , the ex'pense .is;;ag.;gn»at -to.;, maintain;
the paupers as for "educating the -children.
The law is now" being very successfully
enforced in Oakland. The truant officer,'
who is the principal of the evening school;
has already 6aved forty-three boys and
girls. This officer makes his daily rounds
early in the. morning. By the. use of the
telephone he knows by- 9:05 o'clock just
what children are delinquent. . He goes
immediately to each child's home to as
certain the reason. ¦ >. .
The civic department of the California
Club is inaugurating a vigorous campaign
to enforce the new Juvenile court. The
first necessity is to see that the new com
pulsory education law is obeyed. ,_ .
On last Wednesday morning the depart
ment listened to a very, able- discussion
of the law by Professor J. W. McCly
monds, superintendent of the Oakland
public schools. Professor McClymonda
said that many do not understand that
the law is intended for children, who have
outgrown parental and are ' defiant of
school authority.
The ideal truant officer should be some
one loving, kind and who does not use
force unless absolutely necessary; in fact,
one who has the same qualities ' that a
good teacher possesses.
The California Club will hold an open
meeting on next Tuesday afternoon, when
the subject of "Juvenile Delinquency in
San Francisco" will be discussed by Miss
Landa Stebbens, Juvenile court officer of
this city. William Langdon, Superintend,
ent of the San Francisco public schools,
will speak on the question of "Truancy
in San Francisco."
Mlfli Hobbs was j hostess at a pretty
luncheon at the Colonial Hotel on Thurs
day.
Miss Estelle Miller and Mrs. Oscar N.
Taylor were "at home" yesterday after
noon at 120S Leavenworth street. They
are receiving on each Thursday in No
vember.
Mrs. Rose L. Bushnell, Donnelly gave .a
delightful afternoon tea Wednesday , at
her beautiful home on Fillmore street iii
honor of Mrs. James H. Budd. She; was
assisted by Mrs. J. J. Owen. The appoint
ments were perfect in every detail, and
the color scheme of. gold and violet, was
carried out with much originality. A/bril T
liant coterie from the Pacific Coast Wom
an's Press Club graced the pretty table,
ladened with the choicest viands and re
splendent In the glitter of gold, and silver.
The feast was enlivened with -music<
toasts and, bright repartee. Other invited
guests were: Mrs. H. B. Pinney, president
Pacific Coast Woman's Press. Club; Mrs.
E. J. Foster, Madge Morris Wagner, Iiia
Coolbrith, Mrs. T. E. Reamer, Anna Mor
rison Reed, Mrs. C. J. Newman and Mrs.
Professor Willis.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Nathaniel Gray
gave a theater* party on Thursday even
ing, followed by a delightful supper, com
plimentary _.: to Mrs. Charles Perkins.
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Porter Bishop and Mr. and Mrs.
George Cameron. Mrs. Perkins, who ar
rived on Monday from Honolulu, left yes
terday for Southern California, where she
will visit relatives until Christmas: time.
Mrs. William Dutton and her' debutante
daughter, Miss Gertrude Dutton, gave
their second "at home" yesterday after
noon. Pink chrysanthemums comprised
the pretty decorations. Those invited to
assist were Mrs." Henry Dutton, Mrs. E.
E. Brownell, -Mrs. Hilda .Baxter, Miss
Pearl Landers and Miss Leontine Blake
man.
Miss Elsie Tallant, Miss Margaret Wil
son and Miss Ethel Kent, three new
debutantes, were guests of honor at a
pretty Informal tea given by the Misses
Beth and Ruth Allen at their home on
Washington street yesterday afternoon.
Those invited to assist were Miss Gladys
McCIung, Miss Kelcey ' Patterson, Miss
Jessie Wright and Miss Mabel Toy.
Mrs. George D. Toy, Miss Mabel Toy and
Mrs. Harvey Marshall Toy held the sec
ond of their "at homes" at 1806 Vallejo
street yesterday, afternoon. Pale yellow
chrysanthemums and foliage were ar
ranged in the reception-room, and the re
freshment table was made artistic with
pink roses and soft-shaded candelabra. A
large number of callers availed them
selves of Mrs. Toy's charming hospitality
during the afternoon. Those invited to as
sist were Miss Katherine Powers, Miss
Catherine Herrin, Miss Elizabeth Mills,
Miss Pearl Landers, Miss Harriet Austin,
Mies Mabel Hogg, Miss Gertrude Van
Wyck and Mrs. William Belcher and Miss
Mai ties of Oakland. ,
i- .-.. ¦ . • • •
SOCIETY GIVES
PARTIES AND
MAKES CALLS
The body of John Gerlach, a cabinet
maker, was found within a hundred yards
of his home at Third and Oilman streets
at daylight this morning by the crew of
the West Berkeley local train. Gerlach's
watch was stopped at 7 o'clock, and it is
believed he was killed at that hour last
night while on his way home. Just how
he was killed is a mystery that will prob
ably never be cleared up. Whether the
man was struck by the train while walk
ing along the tracks or fell off the train
in front of the 'wheels nobody knows.
The body was badly mangled, the head
being cut open, both legs fractured be
tween the knees and ankles and the left
arm broken In two places.
The. dead man was a native of Germany
and 60 years old. He leaves a widow and
two children. The Coroner will hold an
inquest.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Nov. 13.
"I am much pleased with the invitation
and thank you for it. I wish I could be
with you."
Numerous others sent letters of regret,
among them being James D. Phelan; P.
Livingston Dunn, president of St. An
drew's Society; Charles S. Greene, libra
rian of Oakland, and Miss Mabel Gray,
president of Ebell Society. Over sixty
persons attended the banquet, including
the following:
Professor R. E. Allaxdlce. Stanford; Charles
F. Alston, Dr. B. B. Baker, Mrs. E. E. Baker,
Rer. W. A. Brewer, Mrs. W. A. Brew»r,
Georc* St. J. Bremner, R. D. Colquhoun, Mls«
Ina Coolbrtth, Miss Churchill. Miss Kittle
Clark, Mrs. Sidney Cushing Miss Laura Dean,
Mrs. Elder. Mrs. Eyster, Robert Edwards, J.
P Far. Mrs. J. 8. Foster. Profeescr H. R.
F*Urclou«h of Stanford, r>r. • W. N. Guthrie,
Hiss Mary E. Grtswold, President David Starr
Jordan of Stanford. Fred Ilaen, William
Jenkins. Mrs. William Jenkins, John Knell,
Mrs. John Knell, Miss Maud B. Langton, Knox
Maddox, Professor J. B. McChesney, Mrs. J.
B. McChesney, M. Mohr, Mr«. McClennan,
Miss McClennan, Mr. Pratt. Mn. Purdy, Pro
fessor H. W. Rolfe of Stanford. Harry Roberta,
Mrs. F. M. Ryan. C. P. Rust, Julea ¦¦¦ Sam
maneau of Monterey. Georre V. Stead, Mrs.
George V. Stead, Alexander M. Sutherland,
Mrs. Alexander M. Sutherland, Dr. W. ; F.
Southard. Mrs. W. F. Southard; Walter C.
Taber, Mrs. E. Ballard Thompeon. . Sohuyler
Thompson. Mlu Ada Trefetben, Charles
Vetlar. Mrs. Dora Norton Williams and Ballsy
Mlllard. " • ._
Professor H. Bellyse Baildon, professor
of English literature, Dundee University,
Scotland, and biographer of Stevenson:
"I am greatly touched by the Invitation
to take part in the celebration of my deaf
friend Tusitala's birthday in far San
Francisco. It will be as- impossible for
me to be present in body as It will be to
be absent in spirit on that occasion."
ADMIRERS OF THE AUTHOR.
S. S. McClure, editor of McClure's Mag
azlne:
Lord Rosebery, president of the Scot
ish Stevenson Monument Association, by
his secretary: "Lord Rosebery is hon
ored by the invitation of the Stevenson
Fellowship Club of San Francisco and
regrets that It is impossible for him to
accept it." .
Elbert Hubbard, editor of the Philistine:
"Dear Mr. Sutherland — Thank you very
much indeed for the invitation to be pres
ent on the birthday of Robert Louis, the
beloved. I will surely be with you in
spirit. So here are all kind wishes."
A. J. Balfour, M. P., British Prime Min
ister, by his secretary:
"Mr. Balfour desires to thank you for
your Invitation. He regrets, however, that
it will not be possible for him to take part
—but he wishes it all success."
Rev. R. F. Coyle, D. D., moderator of
the General Assembly, Presbyterian
church, in the United States, thus ex
pressed his regrets:
"Stevenson Is one of my favorite au
thors. I often dip into bis works and en-
Joy their perusal exceedingly. As a liter
ary man he stands pre-eminent among the
writers of his day."
Other letters of an interesting charao
ter were as follows:
From John Watson (Ian Maclaren)—
"Had it been possible I should have
gladly availed myself of the opportunity
to offer my tribute of praise to the mem
ory of the greatest Scots writer of our
generation. I trust the gathering will be
very successful.
"I have pleasant recollections of San
Francisco and especially of the Bohemian
Club."
Albert Shaw, editor of the Review of
Reviews:
"I am glad you keep in memory the
birthday of Robert Louis Stevenson."
FHOM LOBD BOSEBEBY.
Another, dated London, October 21, was
signed by W. Robertson Nicoll, and read
as follows:
"I am much honored by your very kind
Invitation to the Stevenson dinner. Alas!
San Francisco is too far off. But I hope
to see the city some day and meet my
kind friends there."
"It •woul<K s afford the President much
pleasure to be present and Join with you
in paying tribute to the memory of Rob
ert Louis Stevenson."
During the evening many letters from
prominent persons throughout* the coun
try, in which they expressed their regret
at not being able to be present, were
read, one from William Loeb Jr., secre
tary to President Roosevelt, containing
these lines: • •
Address, "Stevenson Memorials," Rev.
Ernest E. Baker, D. D., Oakland; "Who
We Are and Why We Are Here," Alexan
der M. Sutherland; "Some Stevenson Let
ters," by the recipient, Jules Sammaneau,
Monterey; "Stevenson's Claims as a
Poet," Rev. William Norman Guthrie.
Alameda; song. "Over the Sea to Skye"
(Stevenson), George St. John Bremner,
San Francisco; "Personal Recollections,"
Mrs. Virgil Williams, San Francisco;
"Stevenson's Place in Literature," Pro
fessor II. W. Rolfe. Stanford University;
"Auld Lang Syne"; "Evening Prayer"
(Stevenson), Rev. Ernest E. Baker, D. D.
LETTEBS OP BEGB-ET.
The Stevenson Fellowship Club, organ
ized by the friends and admirers of the
late Robert Louis Stevenson for the pur
pose of perpetuating the memory of the
famous writer, held its third annual ban
quet at the California Hotel last even
ing. The guests and members of the club
assembled early in the evening in Ports
mouth square, and after decorating the
Stevenson monument they adjourned to
the main dining-room of the California
Hotel, where, under the direction of
Chairman Alexander Sutherland of Oak
land, the ceremonies were carried out.
President David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University acted as toastmaster and de
livered an address, in which he eloquently
referred to the literary achievements of
the late author. The rest of the interest
ing programme was as follows:
George Querbeck was arrested yester
day afternoon on East street by. Police
man J. F. Mackey for the murder of
Mrs. Annie Wilson on the evening of No
vember 1 at 5 Capp street.
From the time of the unfortunate wom
an's death up to the hour of his arrest
Querbeck had been In hiding. He ven
tured out. only to bo seized for the brutal
crime laid at his door. Then, his nerve
falling him, he confessed that It was he
that left the black marks found on the
woman's dead body and that It was he,
angered at her final rejection of his suit,
in a moment of brutal ferocity, de
stroyed the wedding gown she had prom
ised to wear when she plighted her troth.
Mrs. Wilson was found dead in her
rooms on the evening of Querbeck'a last
visit to her home. She was lying on the
floor with all her clothing torn from her
body and several contusions established
the fact that she had been kicked to
death. She was engaged to marry Quer
beck and he had bought her a trousseau.
This was found cut to pieces when the
body was discovered. The autopsy show
ed that the woman had died of fatty de
generation of the heart, but shock from
the beating she received was' given as
the Immediate cause of her death.
Since then the ' police searched for
Querbeck. He remained In hiding and
shaved off his mustache to conceal his
identity. It was known that he had been
engaged to marry Mrs. Wilson and had
given her the wedding dress. When she
broke the engagement he demanded the
return of his presents. It was In an ef
fort to recover the marriage dress that he
inflicted the violence on the woman that
now forms the basis of the murder
charge. /
"When I was bending over to get some
of my things," he said when placed in a
cell, "she hit me on the back of the head.
I then got up and we engaged in a fight.
She was screaming and kicking all the
time. I did not intend to "hurt her when
I fought with her. . I knocked her down
and kicked her several times while she
was on the floor. Then I destroyed the
wedding gown and left the house,"
The friends of the home filled the house
very well and applauded enthusiastically
at the cleverness manifested by the chil
dren. No pleasanter amateur perform
ance by children has been given in the
city. Fcr the most part the children did
about as well as those who have had more
stage experience. This afternoon a mati
nee performance will be Riven. This even
ing "Dream Faces" will be performed.
In addition to the worthy motive sup
plied by a desire to aid the home attend
ants will be amply rewarded by what
they se« and hear at both entertainments.
There were numerous ballets, a large
number of soncrs, many pretty costumes
and much pretty acting. Marguerite and
Rosalind Marx appeared in the quarrel
scene from "The School for Scandal,"
and made It Quite amusing. Little Nina
Frellsen showed her skill in toe dancing.
The "Flower and Storm Fantasy" was
performed by the older girls and boys.
A good orchestra was strongly and effec
tively in attendance.
NTJIIEROTJS BALLETS.
Out of the "Doll Shop" were devised a
variety of scenes. There wore three acts,
6howing reFp^ctlvely the interior of the
shop, the scene ¦when the fairy awakens
the dolls and sets them to "skylarking"
and the "Gems of Arcadia."
The list of "dolls" in the play included
Margaret Blair, Frefierlcka Gomez, Alice
Titus, Florence Piper, Violet Oatman,
Anna Meyer, Helen Hurd. Gerald' ne
Burke, Marguerite and Rosalind Marx,
Arlie Vice, George Miller and Flora Die
trich. The others that took part, so far
as the programme revealed, were June
Bryan. Edna Bryan, Elinor Smith, Myrtle
Cook, Kathllne Hermansen, Sybil Greely,
Flora Davis, Wynne Martin, Claudia
Massy, Alma Birmingham, Marl* Coffey,
Hazel Mayer, Etta Regan, Margy Win
hall, Helen Heathe, Edith Simpson. Alice
Dray, Edith Norton, Helen Gravls, Evan
gellne Gilmore Helen Kendrick, Marion
Regensburger, Nina Frellsen, Toy Lyons,
Alma Erickspon, Marie Cutten, Helen
Wright, Dorothy Bashford. Rulof Cutten,
George Martin, Cyril Davis. Alfred Rob
ertson, Martin Regensburger, George Mil
ler, James Dixon, Roy Dixon, Ethel Wal
ters, Muriel Burnham. Ruth Hosmer,
Irene Walters. Rose Murh, Bertha Loh
man, C. Logan, E. C. Wynne. A. Rich
ardson and C. Worth. Miss Jean Logan
rounded out the programme with Greek
poses.
LIST OF PBETTY DOLLS.
The entire performance hinged on the
rendering by the children and their adult
assistants of "A Day and a Night in a
Doll :Shop," which was adapted from the
German. "Die Puppenfee." George Denl
eon was the shopkeeper, Ed C. Wynne
the maid. Dr. Sieberst the Dutchman and
Charles Logan the expreesman and letter
carrier.
The children that participated were at
least two score In number and they
ranged in ace from very tender child
hood upward to misses and lads in the
higher gTa<Jp« of the grammar schools.
The charm particularly of the Ingenuous
ness of children was a great attraction.
No Email amount of labor was needed
to train the dancers and Elngers and to
contrive to make the many scenes in
which they appeared duly eatisfactory.
Miss Jean Logran was credited on the pro
gramme with the preparation of the en
tertainment. It did h«r credit, and the
same general praise might be fairly ap
plied to "all those that were on the stage.
A v>ry pleasing entertainment was given
la*t evening In Lyric Hal!, on Eddy street,
for the brneflt of the Protestant Episco
pal Old Ladles" Home. The performance
*u in very large part Ly children of
the several Episcopal churches in the
city, but adults gave efficient assistance
on the Ftagp and in the preparation for
the event.
"The Presldent,has deemed the subject
of sufficient importance to convene an
extra session of Congress In order that
the convention, may become effective be
fore the commencement of the harvest
of the new sugar crop in December.
"This explanation will result in no harm
to any American industry. The product
of this country, like the articles embraced
in this convention now Imported from
Cuba, receive the very highest protection
of any in the same schedule. The duty
on sugar was placed above the protective
point- for the purpose of revenue. The
bill provides for a reduction in the in
terest of reciprocal trade agreement,
which it authorized the President to
make. The duty on tobacco has fcr years
been much higher than, any necessity re
quired on account of the competition of
Cuban tobacco. The reduction in this bill
leaves It amply protected."
The report closes with an argument
setting forth the advantages to both this
country and Cuba which will result from
a reciprocal arrangement provided in the
legislation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.-The House
Committee on Ways and Means to-day
authorized a favorable report on the bill
making effective , the Cuban reciprocity
treaty by a vote of 14 to 2. Metcalf (Re
publican) of California was present but
did not vote, , and Robertson (Democrat)
Of Louisiana and Cooper (Democrat) of
Texas voted against the bill.
Two amendments were offered in com
mittee, but both were rejected by the Re
publican vote. One extended the provi
sions of the treaty to all other countries.
The other abolished the differential duty
on refined sugar. The report says:
"The enactment of the bill into law Is
necessary to give effect to the convention
providing for reciprocal trade between
this country and Cuba. This results not
merely because the convention itself pro
vides that it 'shall not take effect until
the same shall have been approved by
the Congress,' but because the constitu
tion gives no power to the President and
the Senate to make a convention or treaty
changing the rates of revenue. That
power is now expressly lodged in Con
gress. It is not Intended here to cite au
thorities or advance reasons on this prop
osition. The records of Congress abound
with unrefuted arguments on the affirma
tive of this- connection, and the practice
of Congress has been uniformly in the
same direction.
Dr. A. J. Knox telephoned to the Soci
ety for the Prevention of Cruelty, to Ani
mals and Special Offlctr McGTurria an
swered the call. The Board cf Public
Works was in turn communicated with
and a barrier was placed about the dan
gerous BpoL Later In the day It was
found where the contact came from and
the defect was remedied.
About * five minutes afterward a milk
wagon, owned by Witt Bros., and drawn
by two horses, approached and the ani
mal to the left dropped to the street
as soon as it came in contact with the
water. The driver Immediately \ set the
brake and jumped to the ground. As In
the case of the first, animal that felt the
force of the current the horse lay mo
tionless, but had been dragged away from
the pool by Its mate. When the horse re
vived and was assisted to Its feet the driv
er reached up to release the brake and re
ceived a shock that threw him several
feet away. He did not lose consciousness
and in a few minutes was abla to drive
away. •
As early as C o'clock In the morning
canines ran howling about the streets
after they had stepped on the moist
ground near the pool, but the cause of
their torture was not known. Finally a
youth, riding a 'horse, came along, and
the animal stepped with his front feet
Into the water. Instantly he was thrown
to the ground and the lad was pitched
several feet away. For a time the horse
lay as If dead, but soon recovered and
was led off.
A pool of water over an electric wire
conduit at the corner of Mason and Ellis
streets became a menace to life yester
day morning. Several dogs, two horses
and a man received severe shocks, but no
fatalities resulted.
MANGLED BODY
LIES ALL NIGHT
King Victor Emmanuel pave Slgr.or
Marconi many evidences of his f.ivor "aa
he considered the aristocracy of brains
equal to the aristocracy of blood. Klnir
Victor took the young inventor in the
royal automobile, after which he further
honored him by taking him into Pisa and
leaving him at the Grand Hotel, where
the inventor is staying. The King and
Marconi were recognized and given a
great reception by the people.
ROME, Nov. 13.— Signor Marconi ar
rived at Pisa to-day to superintend the
arrangements for the erection there of a
powerful wireless telegraph station, which
is to communicate with the Argentine
republic. The station is to be erected on
the royal estate, near the King's hunting
lodge at San Rossore.
TRAIN KILLS
DAZED WOMAN
The young woman was taken in charge
by Matron Reed, and ten minutes after
the physician had finished his work Miss
Coffin was singing blithely and chatting
merrily with other inmates of the wom
en's department.
She refused to talk about the occurrence
except to say:
"I *-as so despondent over being taken
to jail again that I did not care what be
came of me."
Arrested several weeks ago for way
ward conduct, Miss Coffin, though barely
17 years old, has proved a puzzle to the
authorities and to a number of benevo
lent women who have tried to induce her
to forsake the paths of pleasure that
have been eo alluring to the headstrong
miss. Beyond the control of a heart
broken mother, the girl has defied all ef
forts at her reform. During a few weeks
of probation Miss Coffin has persisted in
her refusal to remain under the family
roof-tree. Hence her arrest last night.
Police Judge Mortimer Smith held an
interview with the young woman to-day,
but has not decided what action to take
concerning the case.
George Omerod, a boy who has a record
of fourteen charges of fighting and other
disturbance registered against him at po
lice headquarters, decided this afternoon
that he would rather die than serve the
four months' sentence imposed upon him
this morning In the Police Court. In the
midst of a crowd of other prisoners the
boy stood on a chair in a large cell,
wrapped a blanket around his head and a
gas fixture and turned on the flow. Not
one of Omerod's fellow prisoners made an
effort to restrain the youth, because they
were afraid he would give them a hard
battle. But the bravest among the lot
set up a tremendous yelling that warned
the Jailers of something wrong.
' Omerod was dragged to the open air
and resuscitated by the City Physician.
Miss Gertrude Coffin, pretty but way
ward, was the first of. the pair to at
tempt to end what was to her a miser
able existence. Wretched because she had
been ordered back to jail, the girl turned
on the eas in the captain's office at the
City Prison, where she had been tempor
arily detained. The jail officers do not
think the girl could have accomplished
much in the direction of self-destruction
because there was an open window In the
room and the gas escaped almost as rap-
Idly as it poured from the open burner.
Miss Coffin had not been in the room ten
minutes before an officer noticed the odor
of escaping gas, and quickly went to the
office and shut off the key. City Physi
cian von Adelung -was called and speedily
revived the desperate girl, who had, ac
cording to the police, simulated uncon
sciousness.
The suicide germ worked overtime to
day at the City Prison, a pair of despond
ent prisoners coincidently 17 years of age.
one a boy the other a girl, trying to es
cape earthly woes by gas Inhalation. That
both" the city's wards failed of their pur
pose was due to speedy action on the part
of the attendant jailers.
Oakland Office San Frtncisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 13.
Extol in Speech and Song
His Achievements in
Literary World.
Wanted on Charge of M ur
dering Mrs. Annie Wilson
at Her Home.
Horses, Dogs and a Driver
Knocked to Ground
by Shock.
President May Call Extra
Session to Adopt Con
vention. I
Despondent Prisoners Make
Attempts That Speedy
Jailers Block.
Wireless Station Will Be
Near Sovereign's Hunt
ing Lodge.
Scenes in a Doll Shop Are
Found to Be Very At
tractive.
George Querbeck J Alias
Smith, Placed Under
Arrest.
House'Committee Is in
Favor of Reciprocity
Treaty.
Benefit for Old Ladies*
Home Attracts Large
Crowd.
Friends of Late Author
Hold Their Annual
Banquet. v
Liquid Over ."¦ Conduit
Becomes Alive With
Electricity.
Marconi Highly Favored
by the Ruler of
Italy.
Girl and Boy Try to End
Their Lives at the
City Jail.
CHILDREN GIVE
ENTERTAINMENT
MEET IN HONOR
OF STEVENSON
POLICE CAPTURE
WOMAN BEATER
CHARGED POOL
ENDANGERS LIFE
CUBAN BILL WINS
ON FIRST VOTE
PLAY A DOUBLE
GAME AT DEATH
KING HONORS
THE INVENTOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIv SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1903.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— The following
marriage licenses! were Issued by -the
County Clerk to-day: George C. Crowell,
aged 57 years, and Deborah S. Brown; 67/
both of . San " Francisco; . Harry W. 5 Davis,
over 21, and Julia Colimorio, over 18, both
of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
QTJEEU" VTCTOBIA'S TTATR.
Its Great Profusion Was Always a
Cause of Wonder.
Even at the ag-e of SO years, Queen
Victoria's hair was a marvel of luxuri-
ance. The court physician, following
Prof. Unna's discovery, undoubtedly
treated her Majesty's ecalp with a germ
destroying preparation that was not
made public. It is now known, however
that the remedy for dandruff, the eerm
destroying element. Is embodied in \"ew-
bro"s Herpicide, the only hair prepara-
tion on the market that does destroy the
dandruff germ. Without dandruff, hair
will grow profusely, and falling hair will
be stopped. "Destroy the cause you re-
move the effect" Sold by leading drug-
gists. Send 10c In stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co.. Detroit, Mich.
$£ 35? k 1 m Jm
TTCTPT.ATurrm OTJKB TREATED
And cured. Loose ' teeth strengthened. Dls>
«at-f-d condition of t.':e mouth made healthy.
EXTRACTION Free. PAINLESS Methods.
CLEANING Free. GRADUATES Only.
Week <3a», 9 to 9. Sundays, 9 to 1.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
San rrancieco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
San Jose — 45 East Santa Clara street.
Sacramento— 407 H J Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
111., After Baby Comes
there is nourishment for both convales-
Illlllll cent mother and nursing child in
raH s jtfAHEUSER-BUSCtffc
SHSi^^It is an already digested food easily.
HKiSP|OT retained by the most delicate stomach.
[^^^^^^^^^ It restores health and strength— supplies
y^^^W^^^^iV-^^ nutriment needed— builds flesh and
£ Ul AHOH ••"wXJCAKT III J " ool *C»
f%4SS.*|A real malt extract-not an intoxicant;^
i e ss than 2 % of alcohol. ***
b^\S^^^?J^Ca All druggiste sell it." ' Prepared by tfca
Klfii^Bfii Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
•^Sy^^^P^ St.Loui3,U.S.A.TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 13.— A carload
of : f roztn salmon; left Tacoma
for.New York by rail, ¦ en . route 'to 1 Ham
burg." Germany. .It; will i be, -followed, by
several, large shipmentn. ~ The 'transit ] will
be" made In ) refrigerator: cars [and * steam
er*.^, The ¦ ftsh are • sockeye * and ,' steelhead
salmon, averaging nine . or- ten .'pounds.
Frozen Salmon Shipped to ; Germany;
The class of '97 : of . the University of
California held : its ', fifth annual banquet
at the Cosmos Restaurant , on . Powell
street, h near r Post, last night Feastlnz
and . merriment . were . Indulged - in. Toasts
were responded to by Prpressors -.. Hugo
Schilling. George W. Edwards,. JW A
Haskell : and C. ' L. Cory. Those
were: G. W. . Bauer, * L. :hj Brownstone
M. B. Cerf. J. H. Collier/ N. English J
D. Hatch, E. C- Hammer, ,W. c. Jurgens
A. A/ Lauson. W." F.i McNutt, j. v R.~ Met
calf. H. 8. . Parker. H.^U. j Roeding,^ Q=P :
Reinh&rdt, , G. H. i Swingle, , William : Voor
sanger. • R. R. Van Fleet, -A. t F. V Well," H.
JJ-Whlte, 8/Ai-Wood and Professors Cory,
Haskell, -j Putzker,; Wait, j Edwards,' ScN 1 
ling, Magee.'McKeown end'Denieke.; ¦'*¦
Class of 797 Banquet
Tnlare Secures the Convention.
SKLMA, Nov. 11— The Fraternal/Aid d!s.
trict convention^ of the San Joaquln val
ley met In-, Selma .to-day.' with "delegates
from all sections of the Aalley. in attend
ance. The local members of. the-associa
tion entertained the : " visiting I delegates at
a banquet to-night ! The society ,'• which
meets semi-annually, decided < to J^iold the
next district convention . at .Tulsrev
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13. — Governor
Pardee has approved the plans and speci
fications , for the new wing to the San
Diego State; Normal School and; has sub
mitted the same i to State Controller Col
gan. v The improvements call for an ex
penditure of nearly, 150,000. . . /
Governor Approves the Plans.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 13.— Local Union
No. 470, United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners, voted last night to .withdraw
from the Tacoma Trades Council and will
now treat independently as a union with
the Contractors' Association to effect a
settlement of existing differences. The
plumbers left the Trades Council early in
the difficulty with the contractors. D. c.
Lillls, walking delegate - for the- Trades
Council, says the other unions will -stand
by. the Trades CounciLSBfli
"Withdraw From Trades Council.
Decline Offer of a Carnegie Library.
. GRANTS 'PASS,, Or.,; Nov. ¦13.— After five
months of debate and consideration, the
Council of Grants Pass has decided to de
cline the offer of $10,000 made by Andrew
Carnegie f or . a library . for the city. The
City. Council - did not approve of '¦: certain
stipulations attached to the offer of, tho
steel king. . '
Yukon Fleet Is in Winter Quarters.
. VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 13.— With the
exception of . one steamer, the Canadian,
the entire upper Yukon river fleet of the
White Pass and Yukon route is in safe
winter quarters. ¦ It Is hardly likely that
any damage will' occur, to the Canadian
from running ice in the spring, as she is
frozen In at' Steamboat Slough.
CHICO, Nov. 13.— A fire which destroyed
the planing mill and box factory, of . the
Sierra Lumber Company broke out early
this morning in the center of the mllL
When the fire department reached the
factory it was a mass of flames and at
tention was turned to saving an immense
quantity of lumber piled in the yards ad
joining. Rain during the previous day
had dampened ¦ the lumber in the yards
and about 12,000,000 feet were saved. The
mill and factory Is a total loss. The esti
mated loss Is $40,000, insurance 516.000.
Plant of the Sierra Lumber Company
at Chico Is Burned to the
Ground.
FIBE DESTBOYS PLANING
MILL AND BOX FACT0BY
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 13.— The old
barkentine Jane A. Falkenburg has been
sunk by the Northern Commercial j Com
pany as a breakwater to protect thff dock
in St. Michael Bay, Alaska. The vessel
was built at New Bedford. MasjC, In 1854
and for many years was operated as a
whaler, first on the Atlantic and later on
the Pacific Ocean.
Old Whaler Is Used as a Breakwater.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 13.— The San Joa
quin Valley Federation of. Women's Clubs
adjourned this evening after a two days'
session.' A resolution favoring the preser
vation of the forests and especially the
famous Big Trees of Calaveras County
was passed. Mrs. E. D. Buss of Bakers-
Jield and Mrs. G.' S. Hutchins of Kt* n
were nominated for district president and
secretary respectively.
Favor Preservation of Our Forests.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 13.— An era In the
history of San Diego harbor was marked
by a popular demonstration at the Chamber
of Commerce to-night, the occasion cele
brating the completion of the first eighty
five-foot cut across the harbor, giving a
channel depth of thirty feet at mean low
water and making the safest bay on the
coast available for the largest vessels.
When the Government dredging is finished
there will be a thirty-foot cut nearly 300
feet wide across the bar. The Chamber
of Commerce was crowded and addresses
were made by Dr. R. M. Powers, Captain
A. F. Dill, Captain A. A. Polhemus, ex-
Mayor D. C. Reed, L L. Boone and
others.
San Diego Citizens^ Show Their Ap
preciation of Work Being Con
ducted by Government.
CELEBRATE COMPLETION
OF CUT ACBOSS HABBOR
TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 13.— M. S. Neff. a
well-known mining' man and freight con
tractor, met with an accident three miles
from this city to-day that probably will
result fatally. Neff got off his ' wagon
with the reins in his hand, when the team
started and dragged him under the
wheels. Both his legs were crushed, one
arm was broken and he also received
serious Internal injuries.
Mining Man Is Badly Injured.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 13.— A spe
cial from Dawson says: "The big strikes in
the Alzac and Shalkwalk districts, north
west of White Horse, are growing in im
portance daily. The town Is now deserted
so far as floating population is concerned,
and people are pouring into the districts
from half a dozen different directions.
Late advices show that pans as high as
$325 have been secured by several miners.
Miners Make Rich Strikes.
Young Girl Is Burned to Death.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 13.— Gertrude War
ren, a 17-year-old girl " of Los Alamltos,
fifteen miles west of this city, was burned
to death yesterday while ' attempting to
light a* fire with coal oil.
Stampeders ; Head for White Horse.
SEATTLE . Nov. 13.— The steamer City
of Seattle, down from the north, reports
the La France, .the last of the Yukon
River boats,-* due-.; at; White Horse with
150 passengers. Stampeders -are still head
ed for the ; White Horse diggings.
SELMA. Nov. 13.— J. E. Whltson, at
one time Treasurer of Fresno County, suf
fered a stroke of; paralysis last night and
his condition is deemed critical. He Is a
pioneer resident in this section of the
State and materially assisted in the build
ing of Selma. . ~
Former Treasurer of Fresno HI.
TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 13.— Hermosillo
advices state that Walter McCurdy, the
young American attorney, who has been
in a Mexican prison nearly a year await
ing trial on the charge - of forging tele
grams in connection with the transfers
of the stock of the Yaqui- Copper Com
pany, was acquitted yesterday. McCurdy
has yet to stand trial on the charge of
assault on one of the stockholders of the
Yaqul Copper Company. McCurdy was
private secretary to W. P. Harle, presi
dent of the company.
Acquitted on Forgery Charge.
NAPA, Nov. 13.— The Trustees of the
town of 'St. Helena have adopted a reso
lution instructing the Marshal to rtrictly
enforce the law in regard to saloons. The
resolution also provides that the license
on all nickel-in-the-slot machines, be re
voked after December 1; that the 12
o'clock ordinance be enforced In saloons,
and that no gambling be allowed, j This
is the first step in a, general movement to
stamp out lawlessness In St. Helena.' --
Slot Machines Are to Be Barred.
ASTORIA. Ore., Nov. 13.— Local salmon
packers are elated over the announce
ment from Washington that Senator Ful
ton has Introduced a bill making it a
misdemeanor to falsely label salmon or
other fish caught In any of the States. In
the past Pacific Coast salmon has • been
falsely labeled to an alarming extent. It
has been the practice of unscrupulous
dealers to bring salmon to this city in
unlabeled cans and here to label the fish
with brands which would convey the as
surance that the salmon "was packed on
the Columbia River. Usually these false
labels have contained the name Astoria,
and this city being the center of the sal
mon Industry, the inferior product has
brought a much higher price than other
wise would have been realized. It is not
ah uncommon sight to see dozens of per
sons, whites and Chinese, at woVk on local
docks placing labels on canned salmon
shipped in from coast streams.
The more daring of the fraudulent lab
els announce that the packing-houses are
located at Astoria, while other labels bear
a fictitious canning company's name.
Hundreds of thousands of cases of sal
mon have thus been labeled.
The fraud is perpetrated at Astoria,
Portland. Seattle and San Francisco.
Believe That Bill Introduced at
Washington Will Prevent the
Use of False Labels.
ASTOBIA SALMON PACKEBS
ABE IN A JUBILANT MOOD
NAPA, Nov. 13.— At an adjourned ses
sion of the City Council of Napa a res
olution was adopted directing, the City
Attorney to prepare an ordinance, calling
a special election to vote upon the propo
sition to incur a bonded indebtedness for
the following purposes : To purchase land
and establish a city park on the Johnson
and CampbeJl properties; to improve
squares and parks already owned by the
city; to build a bridge at North Brown
and Pearl streets;, to extend Napa street
to Little Creek and build a bridge to con
nect it with Seminary street, and to pur
chase a steam lire engine 'and fire appar
atus. The improvements ¦ proposed mark
a new era in the history of the city. r
Napa City Plans Big Improvements.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 13.— The Grand
Jury which was impaneled ; last Monday
returned an indictment to-day against
Louis David Bruno, charging him with
the murder * of his : father, Antone Bruno,
at Pleasant Valley on Monday afternoon
last. After the Inquest young Bruno was
brought , here from , Pleasant Valley and
has since been* in the custody of the
Sheriff. After/ the Grand Jury had pre
sented the indictment this afternoon, on
motion of District Attorney Peters, the
court ordered that . the defendant 'appear
for -arraignment on Monday. Charles- A.
Swisler will "conduct the defense of the
unfortunate boy.
The Grand Jury has ordered the District
Attorney to see that the law against slot
machines is enforced , in El Dorado
County.
Pleasant Valley Youth Who Killed
* His Father to Stand Trial in
Superior Court.
INDICTMENT FOB MUBDEB
IS FILED AGAINST BBUNO
Several days later her ears began to
swell, blood poisoning having set in, and
all efforts to save her life proved fruit
less.
About three weeks ag-o -another one of
theitelephone girls appeared In the build-
Ing with a pair of diamond earrings she
had received as a present. Not being ac
customed to wearing them, the girl took
them off and several of those who were
around her admired them.
Miss Saylor finally tried on the earrings.
As she had not worn earrings for some
time it was with difficulty that she put
them on and it took her some time to re
move them.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 13.— Twelve days
after she had tried on a pair of diamond
earrings belonging to a girl friend. Miss
Hattie Saylor, a telephone operator, was
dead from blood poisoning, due to lacera
tions in her ears made by the* Jewelry.-
Fastenings Lacerate Her Ears, Blood
Poisoning Sets in and Death
Soon Follows.
DIAMOND EARRINGS KIKL
A TELEPHONE 0PEBAT0B
Attorney Packard then took the stand
and testified to having examined the
premises and that they were in the same
condition now as they were immediately
after the- shooting. Just before court ad
journed Attorney Irwin withdrew the ob
jection of the defense in the presence of
the room of the aged mother of the mur
dered officer, Tibbet. and during the aft
ernoon she sat inside the railing but a
few feet from the man charged with the
murder of her son.
Charles Davis, Fritz Stumpff and John
E.- Caldwell testified to having accompa
nied Hulse to his room at the Josshouse
at different times prior to the murder and
meeting McKinney there and discussing
the details of his escape from the offi
cers In Arizona and Kernville, and of his
coming into the city.
The balance of the day was taken up
•with further testimony regarding the
bullot-holes on the walls and ceiling of
the josshouse. and the direction and an
gles of the buJleis as Indicated by these
marks.
¦ E. P. Davis, proprietor of a livery sta
ble, testlned that Hulse rented two horses
from him. It is supposed that theee ani-
were used in bringing the outlaw
McKinr.ey and his guns and ammunition
Into town.
EAKEKSFiELD, Nov. ll.— Btt>p by step
the prosecution Is the Hulse cose is draw
lex th« set of evifienoo around tho do
leniszit. The feature of tho trial to-day
¦was tha testimony of J>o Solomon, for
merly clerk ia a local store, that Hulse
•had purchased tho ammunition found In
the 3ossb.oua« and with which Tlbbet was
killed. This purchase was made April 13
end on the 14th Hulse bought the ax
which was found in his roora, and which
it is supposed McKInney and himself In
tended to use in the commission of some
other crime. Attorney Irwin put the
witness through a very severe cross-«x
eaUnation In an effort to sha&e his testl-
Ocry, but without success.
City Marshal Bert M. Tibbet, the slayer
«f MeXinney, and brother. of the man
with whose murder Hulse is charged, tes
tified that the defendant came to him be
fore the crime and obtained a horse from
Mm.
SpadaJ XXap«tcb to T*% CUL
The leading horticulturists of the State
will be here and many V of . them haver
promised to furnish papers on subjects of
vital Interest to the fruit grower. Governor
Pardee has promised to attend unless pre
vented by some unforeseen pressure of of
ficial duties. The delegates will . be wel
comed to the city at the opening session
by Mayor Stephens. The "convention will
be held, as usual, under the auspices of
the State Horticultural Commission, of
which Ellwood Cooper is president. -
Papers on vitlcultural subjects will be
read by Percy T. Morgan, president of
the California Wine Association; Presi
dent Robert Root, Vice President T. E.
White and Treasurer D. D.- Allison of the
Raisin Growers' Association, and M.Theo
-Kearney. Newton B. ' Pierce, an expert
pathologist and authority on the Anaheim
disease, will read a paper on "California
Vine Diseases.'* i
FRESNO, Nov. 13.— John Isaac, secre
tary of the State Horticultural Commis
sion, is In tho city to-day to confer with
the local .committee appointed by the
Chamber of Commerce to arrange for the
State convention of fruit "growers in Arm
ory Hall on December 8, • continuing until
the 11th. Isaac expressed himself as
pleased with the outlook . and says that
the interest is general over the State. The
attendance Is usually from 300 to 500, and
all indications point to the maximum
number at the Fresno' meeting.
; The president of the associated . lumber
mills of Portland, which cut a large per
centage of ¦> the .' entire lumber ' product '. of
Oregon, eaid to-day :
."Mr.« Campbell; contrary to our expecta
tions, j is : displaying -, no • anxiety to confer
with us upon the -outrageous .treatment
accorded .the* lumber '-/interests' by the
Southern Pacific". Our: trade with.Califor
nia, built : up , at great expense * and , care,
is In danger of .being annihilated. We as
suredly will .nbt» stand idly by and see
•this disaster. take its course. -We are now
preparing , an appeal to the courts and
should . the present | laws be Insufficient to
relieve us we will see that the next Legis
lature makes a new law."
PORTLAND. Or., . Nov. 13.— B. Camp
bell, assistant -. .traffic" director of ¦ the
Southern Pacific,- arrived this morning
from San Francisco with his family/^ He
made a round of the_ Southern Pacific and
Oregon ; Railroad and " Navigation office s
and during jthe \\ morning was '. in confer
ence"; with President. A: , L. Mdhler of the
latter •company. : While in. Calif orn'a
Campbell ¦ , received : a message ¦ from the
Retail > Lumbermen's -Association setting
forth ; the' poor seryice and discrimination
along the Southern Pacific line in. Oregon
and asking him to" meet a delegation upon
his ."arrival f_ in i Portland. . The reply.' re
ceived by the association evaded, the ques
tion^ of a, conference and no answer "of an
affirmative nature has been given. When
seen to-day Campben positively refused
to; make any statement. ¦/"•.'." >
Special " Dispatch to . The CalL
Taking heart at 'the rapid success qf
the San Francisco grocers, Spokane re
tailers launched the Inland Cracker and
Candy Company, and at the present time
are offering merchants all over the coun
try goods at a lower figure than the trust.
Now Tacoma comes to the front with
an appeal to the retail grocers to follow
in the steps of San Francisco and Spo
kane and break the trust. Seattle has a
small plant operated outside of the com
bine, and a proposition has been made to
establish a similar concern In Portland.
With these facts confronting the compa
n!es which have controlled the trade for
years. It is likely that a war of prices
will be instituted in a few days to compel
the outsiders to come into the fold.
"How eoon war will break out I do not
know," said the manager of the Pacific
Coast Biscuit Company to-day. "One
thing is sure — I will not stand idly by and
see the business ruined by a lot of small
fry who merely want us to buy them out.
Jset as soon as we find that the action of
these small concerns is injurious we will
meet them. So far as the Mutual of San
Francisco is concerned, it is a small fac
tory started by the retail grocers. We
have had propositions to buy them out,
but we have quit buying those kind of
plants." ¦ •
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 11— War against
the cracker trust has been declared, and
some of th« concerns connected with the
©omblnatlon ar» considering th« question
of slashing prices.
Various retail grocers' associations are
responsible for the turmoil. For a long
tlm» too cracker trust has had absolute
control of the trade on the Pacific Coast,
and included eight concerns. Schedules
of prices were signed by every firm In
tha business. Retailers claim that prices
at once Jumped from 15 to 0 per cent.
Retail grocers in Ban Francisco orga
nized the Mutual Cracker and Biscuit
Company. A plant was established and
tho products of the concern placed upon
the market at rates varying from 10 to 40
per cent below the figures quoted by the
combine. The business increased until
the Mutual had the temerity to enter the
Oregon field and cut prices up to the
threshold of the trust's factories.
Bp*olal Dl«p*tch to TH« Call.
PLACERVI1*LE, Nov. U.-Sheriff Bos T
quit received a : message 'from" the Sheriff
of Washoe County, Nevada, and also one
from the Sheriff of Onnsby County^ yes
terday, asking him to arrest a horsethief
who^had Btolen two horses from a farm
between Reno and Carson and who had
escaped Into' this State.: It was stated
that the thief , was 'headed ' toward Placer^
ville, traveling on the ' Lake Tahoe '- State"
road. ; In^medlately upon V receipt -of ' the
messages the Sheriff dispatched his depr
utles Dallas, ; Bosqult and Lahr.V to'; the
Pacific House with instructions to inter
cept and arrest the fugitive.; The; man
came In sight of the waiting officers at
the'Paclflc House this morning and Dep
uty Bosquit, accompanied by Lahr, went
out, to the road and ordered him. to halt,
He \ did not reply, but, spurring upw his
horse, reached back into his hip; pocket
for a pistol and dashed.pa.st the officers.'
Bosquit at once opened '¦ fire with his : re
volver and" is satisfied that he hit the
man. for at the third shot he fell for
ward over the pommel of ¦th>' saddle. }
When the fugitive started to make his
dash for freedom he i dropped the rope
by which he was leading the two stolen
horses. These the officers brought to this
city. . |
At' Fresh Pond, a mile this side of the
Pacific House, the officers found .where
the thief had left the road and went down
Into* the canyon of the American River:
A party of Washoe Indians are encamped
at Fresh Pond and the deputies employed
three of them to trail ; the fugitive. /A
posse from the Sheriff's office will return
and take up the trail to-morrow morning
and will. use every endeavor to apprehend
the fugitive.
Special Dispatch to .The Call.
Manager of the Combine Say-i
He Is Ready to Meet His
Business Rivals.
Pa^ty of Watih'be Indians Are
Now on the Trail of the '
Fugitive.
It Is Shown That Ho Bought
Ammunition That Silled
Tibbet
Make Complaint of Poor
Service Given by the
Southern Pac'fio.
Governor Par dee Promises to
Attend the Sessions at
Fresno.
Small Companies Pre
pare to Give Battle to
Cracker Trust
Damaging Testimony Is
Given Against the
Prisoner.
Take a Lively Interest
in Their Coming Con
vention.
Lumbermen pf Oregon
"Claim Their Trade
¦Is in" Danger.
Criminal Escapes, but It
Is Believed That He,
Is Wounded."
WAR OF PRICES
WILL BE WAGED
FRUIT GROWRES
PREPARE PAPERS
COILS TIGHTEN
AROUND HULSE
MAY ASK RELIEF
OF LEGISLATURE
OFFICER FIRES
AT HORSETHIEF
THB SAN FB ANCISGO OAtli,, SATURDAY, S^OY EMBER 14, asnaf
5
4 RAILWAY TBAVIX.
iGALiFORNaA |
I LIfSITEO TO CHICAGO \
¦ Leaves Bondaysssd Thursdays £
B at 9:30 a. in., through In 3 days* G
fe with diner aad all trappings. J I
Other Santa Fe Trains :
T:30 a. m. j for Stockton. Fresno, Bakerafieldt
8-00 p*m*(" Merced, Haniord and Vlaalia.
4.00 p. ta. for Stockton. '
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canyon aad
Chicago.
Ticxxt Omci: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. 9. 7. Also ' 1U2 Broadway* Oak-
laad, Cal.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN IRAXCISCO.
(Main Line, foot of Marfcct Street )
um — Fsoii Octobkk?!. 1803. — A*Mir-m
700a Beatda. Sotaan. £lmlr» and Sacra- *
meotu Z-?* F
7.00x VacaTllle. Winter*, Ramsey- 7 oSi"
7J0a Martlnex. San Ramon, VaJleJo,
Kapa. Callstos*. S&ata Bo»a 825?
7.30a Kile*. LtTermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
6tock:on 7.2Sr
8.00a DaTla,TToo<lland. KnfKbta Landing. -
MarysTllIe. Ororllle 7-SSt
8 00a Atlantic Kipres»— Ogden and Ea»». lC25»
8. JO a Port Costa. Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron.Tracy,StocIcton,9acramento.
Newman. Los Banoa. Mendota,
Armona. Lemoore, Uantord.
TlMlla. Porterrllle 4.25?
8Ma i*ort Coita. Martinez. Tracy. Latn-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fretno.
O«inen Junction. Lemoore, U»n-
ford, Vltalfa. Bakersfleld 453?
8.35a Ebasta Kxprew— DaTla. WUUam*
(for Bartlett Springs). Wlllowi,
tFrnto. Ited Bluff. Portland 7.59F
B^SOa Ktles. Saa Jose. LlTermore. 3tock-
lon.Ione.Saeramenio.l'UcenrlUo.
MarynTllle.Chlco.Ued Bluff 4.25*
830* Oakdale. Chtne^ Jamestown. So-
nor*. Tuolumsle snd AnjeS Z?? r
900a Martlnei and Way Statlona. .5-5? p
10-DOa Vjllcjo- *-..... ~ 122»F
10.00a " ~
Ten costs, saaranex. Byjoa.
Tracy. Lathrop, Stocfetoa.
M«rceJ. Kay mood. Fresno, Haa-
ford. VIs»l!m, B»Sersfl«ld. Loa
Angeles fWest-
bound arriTes Tia cvast Line)... «1-30p
10.00a The Orerland Limited — Of don.
¦ - DenTer. Omaha. Chleairo......... g-ZSP
1200m Hayward. Nlleasnd Way Stations 3.2Sr
t14)0r Sacramento RlTer Steam«rs. tl i.OOp
3J0r> BenlcSa. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysTllIe, .OroTille aad way
— stations ...... 10-5»*
3.30* Harward.NlIes and Way Stattoas.. 7-SSr
3.30r Port Costa. Marttnex. Byron.
Traey, - x Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced/ Fresno and Way 8t»-
tlons beyond Port Cosu 12-23*
330p Martinez. Tracy. Slockton. Lodl... 10 25a
4J!0r Marttnej.SanlUraon,ValleJo,Saps,
Callstosa. Santa Rosa. ... 9 25*
4 00p TTlles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4 25r
4 ZQr Hayward. Ktles. Irrlagton. San I 18.55*
Jose. LlTermore f til. 55*
6 OOr Tha Owl Umlted— Newman. Los
- llanos. Mendota. Fresno. Talare.
Bakersneld. Los Angeles 8.58*
S.00r Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton ....... 12-25P
t5 30p IUTward, Ktles and San Jose ..... 7.25a
600p Uayward.Slles and Saa Jose. 10 25*
E.OOr Oriental Mall— Oeden. Denrer.
. Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
E.vt. Port Costa. Benlcla. 3ul-
•, tan, Elmtra, DaTla, Sacrameato.
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnckee. Boca. Reno. Wads-
. . -worth, Wlnnemucca, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4.25*
G.OOf Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 S5 _
. 7.00? Vallejo, Sunday onlr f
7D0p Ean Pablo, Port Costa, Martlaes
and Way Stations. 11.25a
8X5* Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento, MarysTlUe. Redding. •
Portland. Poget Sound and E»»t. 8-SSa
9.1 Op Hay ward. Slles and Saa Jose (3oa-
-\ dayonly)...: 11.55*."
COAST LINE (S»rrpw ««¦<•).
(Foot of Market Street.)
b-15» Newark. Centerrllle. Saa- Jose,
Felton, Boulaer Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Stations......'. 5SS»
r2-16* Newark. Centerrllle, Baa Jose.
New Almadea. Los Gatos,Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Croa and
Principal Way Stations 13 35a
4 IB* Newark. Saa Jose. Los Oatoa aad
way stations tS-55*
¦J3 30* Hunters Train. 9»turday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Sunday
only retarns from Los Oatoa.... ;7 25 *
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN VltAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SlIpO
-tl:13 1:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3 CO 6.15 P.M.
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 7i:»
t8:O5 10.0O a.m. 1200 2 00 .4-00 *¦».
COAST LINE (Bread tiauireu
tW (Third aatf Towasend Strsets.)
6.10a Saa Jose and Way Stations. f 30*
700a Saa Joie and W»y Stations..... ... s 33?
, 8 00a New Almaden (Tue»- Frld., only), 4.IC*
8 00 a Coast Line Limited— Stops only 9aa
' Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster), Pajaro. CastroTttle. 3a-
- Unas. Saa Ardo, Paso Robles.
Santa Margarita. San Luis 0 blspo,
Principal stations thence Sort
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal nation t thence Santa Bar*
bara and Loa Angeles. ¦ Connec-
tion at CaatrOTllle to aad from
Monterey snd Paelflc Grore . 10.4S**
0.00a Saa Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitola.
6aDtaCrcz,PaciacGroTe.Sa)iaaa>
Saa Lnls Oblspo aad Principal
_-Way Sutloos ...... 4.10*
1030a no Jose and Way Stations. 120*
11.30a Santa Clara, Saa Jose, Los Gatoe
and Way Stations 7J0»
, 1-30r San Jose and War Station* ... .... - 8-3 5a
O.OOp Pacific GroTe Express— SantaClara
; 6an Jo*e, Del Monte. Monterey,
. Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Giage Points)
st Gllroy for Holllster, Tres
Plnos, at CanroTille for Saltnaa. 12.1S*
3JCp GUroy Way Psjaenger 110 45a
I4 4 5P San Jose. (Tl* ¦ Santa Clara) Loe
* Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9-28*
45-30r San Jose aad Principal Way Statloos tsVOSa '
6-COp fionset Limited. Eastboand.— Saa
Lais Obispo. Santa Barbara, Loa
Angeles, bemlng. £1 Paao. New
Orleans, NewVork. (Westbotind
arriTesrlaSaaJoa<)uln'Val1ey>... »3 25a .'
TS.15* 8anMateo,Beresford,B«tinont.8aB
Carloe. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Par*. Palo Alto tS-48*
6.70* Ss^Joie and Way 9t»tlon§. 838a
11 ,30r South San Francisco. 3tf Ulbrse. Bor-
llnirame, San -¦ M* t*o, Brlaont.
Saa Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Pulo Alto...... 9 4Sp
¦11.30* Mayneld..Moanutn View. Sunny.
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
Ban Jose...:............. :. 'tMfr'.:
7 - A for Morning. . , P. for Afternooa.
. t Sunday only. •
. I Steps at all suttoae on Saaday.
. t Sunday exeepted. , a Saturday only.
¦ * Via Coast Una. . w VI* &«n Joaqula V»ll«y.
B*"Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
we<:lQAJi,t?KXUJi^n:aOA.M^a:3Dp.M.aBd<:«l*x.
The Weekly Gall
81 per Y ? a>.
ADVEBTISEMZSTa
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mast bear
Fac-simile Signalnre of /&e~jg&Zr£
Abso!utet¥ Cure! WT i i ¦ L&
SICK HEADACHE. |p|] | \& ET E3
TORPID LIVER - pcM "^
SALLOW SKIN, rrr^tt^^*^^-*^- 1 ***
It (¥=• af=* 8ma " Pl11 *
They TOUCH the ti-^. Q tf B— -t iTl Small Pric*
Genuine Wrapper Printed. on * _*T ~~
RED PAPER. BLACK LETTERS S&&£<c*^^C?zrzf
book fo* th« Signature * V~~^^ T^'*' *£.
'.- ¦ ¦ .- '.. , B3BQAL SHOES. _ - ,:_._¦'
'phere are men who buy shoes simply
for service-— they want long, solid
weai^ every hour of wear tiiey can
get for their money.; They don't care
for style, but don't object to it. • .^
We are looking: for these men.- King: Calf Shoes are
what they neecC Kirig^Calf is a: leather which we con-
trol absolutelyr— it is a leather i that nearly_ never wears
out. Itis as^ tough as iron and pretty nearly as flexible
as lad. : ; It is practically; waterproofs VVe put a King
Calf fupper on a. « double sole, of ; oak^tanned sole leather,
aiid "makej absolutely the most durable \ shoe in the world.
And the sjyle is there too. it fits. It has the com-
fort of an old 1 shoe. The price/ $3.50r-bnly one price for
Regal;Shoes.;
60 Regalistores, 20 of mem^iri^Greater: New
where the; styles originate; The new styles are on sale
at [our San Francisco store, at ; the same time as in -the;
New York stores. Other dealers get> them a year later.
•'. : . ,; ; ".' • : .- : : -"•'¦.;¦" --- i' : '¦,-:} :.\\:':^. ,\ : ..;*:--\\ : ' -:. '-'.'¦':., '¦ ;C :¦:¦"¦;. '¦':.' ..
Sold Oniy in 61 »eg-«a Shoe 8tor», rion : Stw York to 8u rnnclico ud
r v London. 'Alto by Mali. :"¦' '. ".
San Francisco^ Store, C^r.Gea^ian^ Stockton Ste. _. s
RATLWAY TBAVEIk
The .- North Western 3
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unnsnal opportunities for. an
economical aad satisfactory journey to
ChieagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally Conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday. 1
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier. I
Choice of routes. __ r I
For full InfoTTDitJcQ tpoly to or ft<2<Ircss 5
R. R. RITCHIE, . S. F. BOOTH. g
Cenenl Afcnt. Ceoi A;ent Fast'r DcpC^ n
Ctiic»go Sc^Smth- Western Ry. Union Pacific K. R. a
617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St. B
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 3
I CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
! LESSEE
SAN FRANCISGU AriO NURTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COM7AST.
Tiburoa Ferry. Toot or Market Street.
SAS TSANCISCO TO SAIT BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:S0. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5-10. 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. -as.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30, 11:00. a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
8:00 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— €:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
i a m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00,- 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.; . • ¦ ' ¦ - ;
- Leave I In Effect I Arrlvo
San Franci*co.| Sept. 27. 1903. .| San Francisco.
We»k | Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignado. 10:4O a 10:2O a
3:30 p 3:30 p . 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5.00 p 7:35 p ¦
7 SO a • ~ 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 p
" 5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
- - ¦ 5:00 p Santa Roaa ' I .'-"-¦
7:30 a • ••.- 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a j Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p I
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p| Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
; 'I CloverdalO; | '
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
. 8:80 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a] 8:00 al : . 110:40 allO:2o"a
3:30 p| 3:30 pf Gueme^lle. | 7:»S p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a) Sonoma. pB-.lOal 8:40 a
5:10 p( 5:00 pf Glen EUen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect it Green Brae for San
Quentln;- at Santa Kosa for White Sulphur
. Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Hark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skarga Springs; at aoverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Spring*; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley John Day's, Riverside, L.ier!y*B,
Buckneirs. Sanhedrin Heights, HuUvllle. Orr'i
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. , Usal : at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, ' Covello. Layton-
ville Cummlngs, Bell's' Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's', Dyer, Oarberville. . Pepperwood. Scotia
aD Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. * • • . •- ¦ ¦ -
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San. Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, C30 Market street. Chrcnlcla
bU H?cf. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. .
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILLVALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sansalito rerTy.
I Suburban' EenrlceSUndard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco **"£—. J;™- % :**
2:§ s^f nth p 3^
Ml*!®.' 3: «- 4: * 5 - »:«. 6:45.
S: F 5 KO 1 M 2 °MI P Ll7'vALLET 7 TO SAN^ FRAX-^
8:00. a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
"^"lTp m- week days (Saturdays excepted^
Tomales and way stations. .
8:15 P. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
* Sundaya ' only— 10 a. m.. * Point Reyes " and
way i stations. •- t^asBAssdHBis^vjsjapfM
-¦ TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market St.
¦•' FERRY — Union Depot." foot of Market at.
IMt^TamalpaisTRailway
-•Leave ' Tia Snssiits t *rj Arrive
* San Prandsce Fbst sf Mar xst 8t - San Francisco '
-Week 'Sun-; ¦ :~>~^jma '¦- ¦- ¦ Son-. Week -
Days, days d/Sfllf3B3tL days Days, j
•ilJOi* 8:00a fSgijgfiBia l«:O5pfST40l !
•1:46r 9:00a Igfc S» l:3Sr S:S(>p i
5:15r 10:00a WS^otW »:50p 5:5Op j
_., 11:OOa % W 4:SOp 9:5Or
. ...:.:.... l:4Sp • ¦*•-**»* 7~*..,' I
-.«— . 'S:15f • T'Un. .— - -, '
: '. *fan»8t wia »tay> kt , T^ : Mrs»> tag TlPsw Cajst t >j
k ncin J sas Majuut St., (North Shore Railroad) jj
MFICB I and SAUtALrro Pbjuiy, Foot Market Su
ADVEKTISEBEENTS.
The more purely negatiTe soap is,
the nearer does it approach perfection.
Unless yon have used Pears' soap
you probably do not know what tre
sicaa by a soap with no free fat or al-
kali in it — nothing but soap.
Established over xoo years,
THE MAN
WHO KNOWS
Gopd laundry work doffs his hat to our
product and acknowledges Its euperiortty
of fit, finish and cleanliness.
You can't do otherwise upon compar-
ing: it with the ordinary slipshod work
of less equipped laundries.
It's the kind you want, and the kind
you'll hare If you'll call phone South 420.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orrxcs 1004 mabiet street,
Near Powell.
CCKCEKEZa AJB) CUBIST DISCEAKSXi,
.aMa£3l\33 1 E? US* sEvJak
k^Kw jw "fsfaSr '^Sb^ fw^y
A CURE W^ '•*«" HOURS.
123 B-SSi *m a 1T'«^ WJES H7 -
i j i'*^ * a* *^ ep 99% f*\
KT3 MSB
Hk *k m t— .& _jr ~-M r^r^^j, "J^ ]\B
srL C3 m i j T m iTff a73 PSM rfaiB.vus
i'a a fc * .;- 9 smffi m «fasa» M
Always .Remember the Full JN^me
Jaauve Rromo QiunmQ
Cores a Cold in One Day, Gripm 2 D«y»
-^S/» /^X^Ot^gO boi. 25c
WL ATlllfl Q Ot«Jt«gTATa'EED.C«si '
Kt V I U nH A r " BOT **- Hm1U> r«iw*L A»-
II a\ I? tl Hfl II ** fk «— — rrassrii. E>tb>«rtfly I
fl VJ . I I If I ii at^l^^^iK^i 5OVERALL SEES
NOTHING AHEAD
BUT VICTORY
__ j —
overtrained as teams have
been in the past. Only one
of our men — Hudson — is
injured, and he may be able
to play through the game.
I think the team is better
this year than last, all the
talk to the contrary notwith
standing. There was a
slump early in the season,,
but that happens on the best
regulated teams. Veteran
teams especially are given to
carelessness at times. We
have had hard work devel
oping our backs, because
they are not veterans. Mini
is the only man playing in
his old position. I think we
will si. jrise the people who
have been saying Stanford
has the swiftest backs. I
can see nothing else but vic
tory ahead of us." — Captain
Overall of University of
California, in an interview.
* V I \ HE team is about as
JL near perfect as the
coaches could get it. The
men are in the best physical
condition. They are not
\ X T E are not confi-
V V dent by any
means, for there are no
grounds for confidence, but
we are determined. I don't
think Berkeley has it on us
much, and if the men put up
the best game^they have in
them I shall be satisfied. I
am relying on fast, well-exe
cuted team work to score
against California. We will
play straight football and
rely on that to make our
gains. The players have it in
them to beat Berkeley and I
expect every man to play the
game of his life. The team
is united, has had good back
ing from the rooters and will
have! it during the game. . I
don't think weather condi
tions will make any difference
in the comparative showing
of the teams. They will be
as fair for one side as for
the other. A wet day will
favor neither." — Captain
Bansbach of Stanford Uni
versity, in an interview.
"STANFORD IS
DETERMINED,"
SAYS BANSBACH
*Cy- THINK we have just
J[ about an even break
for the intercollegiate game,
and that is as far . as I can
prophesy. We have no more
show to win this game than
,we had to win the freshman
match, and you know what
that means. The team has
worked hard and every man
on it is in good condition.
They have not been over
worked, and yet they have
done everything asked of
them. We shall -play
straight, hard football from
the beginning to the end of
the game, and ,if that can
not win it is not in the
eleven to do it, that's all.
Berkeley has an advantage
in the line that will be hard
to overcome. They have it
on us in weight about sev
enty pounds in their three
center men." — Coach Lana
gan of Stanford University,
in an interview.
COACH LANAGAN
SAYS TEAM HAS
AN EVEN BREAK
"/^ALIF.ORNIA is
\^ putting a better
team in the field than it did
last year. The men have
trained faithfully and con
scientiously. It is stronger
on the defensive than it is on
tile offensive, but that does
not mean the offense is
weak. Our backs, I think,
are every bit as fast as the
Stanford backs. Weller is
the best man Stanford has
behind the line, and he can
not play the whole game.
We have backs who will
be able to make ground
through S.tanford steadily.
I am afraid of trick plays,
though our men were taught
a lesson in the Nevada
game. If the field is heavy
it will make the playing
slower and will reduce the
scoring, evening up the
chances of the teams. I have
the greatest confidence in
the ability of our men to
play a good, machine-like
game."— Coach Whipple of
University of California, in
an interview.
COACH WHIPPLE
SATISFIED WITH
BERKELEY TEAM
R. S. Stall, a i workman employed by
Sanborn & Vail, who resides at 359 Minna
street, dislocated his,- shoulder; yesterday
while lifting a heavy package. The dis
location was - reduced' at the t Emergency
Hospital.
Dislocated His Shoulder.
Beginning . Tuesday. December 1, . the
arrival time ' of , the Santa Fe's Califor
nia limited will be 10:50 p. m. instead of
11:10, as at present, and the train will be
operated dally, Instead of semi- weekly, as
now. No change has been decided on by
the company as ; to the departure and ar
rival of other trains. - ' -
Train Time Changes.
Twenty crack shots of the department
here have been practicing for some time
at . the range at Harbor View, and oh
Tuesday the six men to snoot in the
match will be selected. Great interest is
being manifested, and Chief Wittman
says he feels satisfied that he will have
the pleasure of receiving a . silver , cup
from the Washington team. It Is expect-;
(A that a team in Cincinnati will also
compete, but no definite arrangement has
been made to that end.
¦When Chief Wlttman was In Washing
ton, D. C, during his recent. trip East
he arranged with Superintendent of Po
lice Sylvester for a revolver shooting
match between eix picked men from the
Washington and six picked men from the
Ban Francisco department, the losers to
present, the winning team with a silver
cup commemorative of the event The
match will tak© place on November 2L
and each team will fire in Its own city
and telegraph the result. George W. Fos
ter, the secret service agent at Washing
ton, will represent the San Francisco
team there, and John Hammersmith of
Hammersmith & Field will . represent the
Washington team here.
San Prancisco and Waanington Will
Each Strive to Win a Silver
Cup.
POLICE TEAMS TO COMPETE
UJ" A B.EVOLVEB MATCH
The yawl being built for Peter Ahern
in East Oakland is ready to be launched.
She has an over all length of thirty-six
t eet and is designed specially for cruis
ing. All the three boats mentioned will
Join the California Yacht Club. Other
members of the club may have new
boats next season.
Yachtsmen are already at work on the
construction of boats for next [ season.
John T. Carrier, who designed and built
the fast sloop Jessie E, which after win
ning several trophies in races of the Cal
ifornia Yacht Club was sold to and is
now owned by Louis Rosenfeld, is hard
at work in his home at Alameda on a
floop, which will, no doubt, turn out an
able boat. John J. Sherry, another well
known member of the California Yacht
Club, has a model for a boat forty-five
feet long over all and with a length on
the water line of twenty-five feet. He
is putting the frames together, at his
house In Oakland, but Is giving out few
of the details of the design.
At the annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the California Yacht Club Building
Association the following officers were
elected for the coming year: Charles P.
Doe, president; Allen M. Clay, vice pres
ident; William McBaln, secretary; E. N.
Walker, treasurer; George M. Shaw, Jo
seph M. Kelley, August R. T. Brandes,
Sydney S. Marshall and O. L. Wakeman,
directors.
Members of California Yacht Club
Building Association Elect
Board of Directors.
NEW YACHTS BEING BUILT
FOB THE NEXT SEASON
Edgar Stern, fullback, played fullback
on the Arcata High School eleven for
three years. He was fullback on his
freshman eleven.
Benjamin IC Stroud, center, played
guard and center on the Oakland High
School eleven and played center on his
freshman team. He made the varsity
last year and still has a year to play.
Samuel M. Stow, left guard, played
tackJe three years on the Belmont team
and the same position for his freshman
team, of which he was captain. When a
freshman he substituted Clay at guard
on the varsity, but since has been playing
on the varsity.
Ilarry Howard, left tackle, played
guard with the Oakland High School
eleven and alno for his freshman team.
He substituted for Captain Albertson
last year. This Is his first varsity year.
Reno Demeritt, left end, played end on
Belmoct team and also on the Berkeley
High School eleven. He played end on
his freshman team, and was a varsity
substitute. He played on the varsity the
first time last year.
John F. More, quarter, has played his
position four years on the varsity. He
was on the Belmont team two years and
played fullback on his freshman team. He
played against the Carlisle Indians.
John C. Whipple, right half, was a half
back on the Centerrille High School
eleven. He made his freshman team as
half and played fullback last year.
Elvezlo Mini, left halfback, was a half
back on the Vallejo team, and also filled
that position on the freshman eleven.
This is his third year as a half on the
varsity.
The men who will represent California
are all players who have had more or less
experience on the gridiron field. Captain
Orvai Overall first played with the Visa
lia High School, filling the position of
fullback. When he came to the univer
sity he made the freshman team as a
guard. In his freshman year he also
made the varsity as guard. Since then be
has played on the varsity twice and to
morrow will be the third year.
Harry Hudson played quarter and end
at St. Matthew's School and end on his
freshman team. He has thrice been
chosen to play end on the varsity.
W. F. Heitxnuller played tackle on the
Lick School team and made the '05 fresh
man eleven. Last year he made the var
sltr. He is eligible to play next year, and
will be one of th© few veterans left for
the vaxslty.
BERKELEY, Nov. 13.— The Univer
sity of California football eleven
is in fine fettle for the play to
morrow on the gridiron at Richmond.
The two months' training wound up with
signal practice on the campus this after
noon, and to-night the football heroes re
tired early in order to get a long night's
eleep.
The men all seem in the best possible
condition. Each one eays be is feeling
as fresh and powerful as a young lion.
There Is hardly a bruise or a lame limb
in the eleven. Hudson does not know
whether his old Injury will permit of his
playing for any lengt^of time. He is the
only one about whom there Is any doubt.
The players will go to San Francisco tor
morrow morning. After luncheon they
will rest awhile and then ride out to the
Richmond field In a coach.
Two Months' Work
Shows Good Re-
Blue and Gold Men
Are Free From In
juries.
.In our youth we.long for chant m. la
af ter^ years we . dread , them.
Small ¦ minds - need an - anchor; great
ones - defy ; anchorage, .
1W»— April. Fill RUer. Mass . knocked out
Pete Sullivan, 8 rounds; August, knocked out
Allen Alberts." Boston, 4 rounds; September.
knocked out Willie Keefe, 3 roundj Fall River.
Mass. . :^tmJ9um*mtgmnm ' /
190»— January., Borton. knocked out WUJUm
Melody, « rounds; March. Boston draw wlm
Martin Flaherty. 10 . rounds; May. decision
over Jack Cf Keefe. Boston. 20 rounds; Ausrust.
knocked out John ITahan, Boston, I round.
March. Fall River. Mass.. knocked out Tommy
Kin*. 3 rounds: April. Thornton. R. I., knocked
out Pet« Mullen. 13 rounds.
" Th© bazaar being held by the Ladles'
Aid "Society of the Emanuel Evangelical
Church In Foresters' Hall. 102 O'Farrell
street, has been a success financially la
spite of the weather. There is still a large
assortment of choice articles in the va
rious booths to be disposed 'of, and on
that account the bazaar will be continued
during to-day. The remaining articles
are to be sold by. auction in the evening
at 8:30 o'clock.
Bazaar to Continue.
. ¦ It ' is i expected : all ] the ' members of \ the
club be on hand '.when the big match
Is called this -afternoon." At: the conclu
eion of the tournament a meeting -will, be
held- to \ arrange,: for i' another event,"- to
commence, next*; week. -"
The Scottish bowling tournament, com
menced on the Golden' pate Park green
in the latter part of August, will "be
brought; to \ a conclusion this .afternoon.
The ; contestants in the final match this
afternoon will be James Gray '.and *J.-> C.'
Moffat. ; The * five matches >won \ by each,
man show, how, evenly ;they are matched.
When the tournament; started v it was
thought almost a certainty that John' Mc-
Laren and Thomas McNaught would meet
in the finals. Y. : C. Lawson, ' the winner
of . the first tournament, refused to par
ticipate and with ,. him , out of • it . either
McLaren or McNaught appeared a sure
winner. : McNaught ' was ¦ beaten i easily by
James Gray ; and - on the same day :¦ Mc-
Laren was. beaten. with : equal ease, by
Wallace Cook. tCook In'turn«was beaten
handily by'Moffat.' ¦'¦-'¦ .¦--¦¦¦ -
James Gray and J. C. Moffat Axe the
Only Survivors of Sixty-Four
¦/ rr,*\'~ Players."
SCOTTISH BOWXERS BEADY
FOB . THE DECIDING MATCH
¦ The pupils of the Wllmerdlng School of
Mechanical Arts have elected the follow
ing to edit -their school paper, the WII
merding Life:; Editor in chief, Mott
Marston,' '02; . associat editors, William
Egenhoff, '(M: William Heidneich, '03;'ex
change editor, Earl Stephens, '02; artists,
Frank, Little, '02; Joseph Gould, ;^03; ath
letics, *'" Oliver Raser, '03; business man
agers," Fred Brey, '03; Chris Hilliard, '03.
play right end; Shields, a new man, will
start ! at right tackle ; ; Jacobs, a new man.
will play right guard;. Hauverman," a yet-;
eran, : will snap \ the ball : Thompson, an
other? veteran,; will - play left guard;
Sprott, a veteran," will be at left tackle;
Clark, ¦ also a •' member of ¦ other 3 varsity
teams, .5 will '¦'.. play , at < left ; end ; • Captain
Bansbach will ¦• play quarter; Chalmers, a
new man/ will' be at right' half; "Savage"
Dole, \ a veteran, "will < play left half, '• and :
.Weller; a new man. will play full.
'i Caif ornla -will line-up las £ follows: Hud
son,; right Tend ; ''• Heltmuller, * right tackle; ':
Overall,^ fright, guard; Stroud, center;;
Stow, left guard; Howard, left tackle; De-.
merritt, ': left end; More, . quarter; •* Whip-:
pie,* right half ; Mini, ; left half ; Stern," full.
«-; 8tevenson ; will I play ?one • end
and '.Tarpey 'one half for Stanford • before
the . game ; Is \ finished, v Snedigar may : get
¦ a', chance : to : play half I for California and
i Forse \ may /succeed f . Stern v at full.' '> Bar
ring i accidents,/ the ' initial line-up will 'be
maintained throughoutithe .contest." - '-'
K-' Both teams have been working hard the
, last '.week \ to^ learn I to : keep T on side ¦ and
to • refrain ' f roni holding,^ bo ; the : penaliza
tions are not expected to amount to
enough' to'' be an" important factor in- 1 gala- \
ing J scores for cither, teanu. . , -¦'--'
Pupils, Elect Editors.
Canole's. record, as shown by the fol
lowing list of ; his ; battles, Is not an' ex
tended one:
January, Fall, River. Mass., - decision
;over-Tom Boyle.;6 roond«; February.^ knocked
out Fftte SiUUvaa, & r < "Ti*V, SVm JEUs*c, vf ?iij:
, He is a. well-built lad. supple and pos
sessed of • much grace in his movements.
His - best punch Is a straight left and a
left hook and he seems to be able to land
either with the ' utmost accuracy. • How
game ' he is remains ¦ to be seen, but one
thing Is , certain-^he will keep Brltt going
for a few rounds at least. ¦
Yesterday the little boxer went to work
early. After doing '. some hard work in
the morning he Indulged In hia usual rub
down,, took a nap after dinner and again
repaired to : the' gymnasium. Then the
crowd began' to arrive and Canole began
to warm up. First he tried the wrist ma
chine, next he did a little shadow boxing,
then the bag was brought into use for a
few minutes, after which he donned the
mitts with . Fred Landers, the amateur
lightweight. ijJEBfflBSfflHWPBP
, The, pair, went several fast rounds and
those who had never seen Canole go be
fore were surprised. 4 Herushed his man all
around the improvised ring, landing bard
and ; often and getting . away from every
wicked punch aimed at his bead or body.
He has a peculiar, style of getting in the
breakaways and Landers was bewildered
when Canole got started and mixed it
Now that the weather is bad and the
roads muddy the fighter from the Hub
has to devote most of his time to Indoor
work. ' puring the first few days of his
sojourn at Larkspur he spent many hours
each day in wandering around the hills
and valleys and drinking in the fresh air.
He Is forced to abandon the outdoor life
for awhile at least and content himself
with doing the . ordinary Indoor stunts. .
Martin Canole, the young Boston light
weight, is fast rounding into shape for
his approaching battle with Jimmy Brltt.
Canole has already fallen a victim to the
charming surroundings at Larkspur and
the large crowd of sports who Journeyed
from this city yesterday afternoon went
away thinking well of the little fighter
for his condition. The way he performed
In the gymnasium Impressed every one of
them.
Jimmy Britt's Next Opponent Sur
prises Crowd of Admirers With
His Fast Work.
CANOLE TRAINING HARD
• FOB, TTTR COMING BATTLE
PLAYEES 'ABE PICKED. ;
. The coaches i of ¦¦ the rival - elevens » have
selected >¦ the>' twenty ;-two ;_ men "who will
start*' the ~i game. £ Several'; others .will un
doubtedly Jt>e ¦ given' an opportunity .. to .win"
their k^C'.V or. their ;"S" - before the second
half is over. ; ?SB89H9g:v "" : " '
; For ; Stanford/.! Smith', -a! veteran, will
. The ; game will be played in the block
bounded :• by California and Lake streets
and i Seventh and Eighth 4 avenues. To
reach the: field one may^ take any of the
cars that go to the Chutes and; transfer
to the Sacramento street . extension; ) the
O'Farrell, Jones and Hyde street lines and
transfer first to California street and then
to the dummy line;; the California street
line and transfer to the dummy, line,', the
Sacramento street - line and '.transfer^ to
the park extension or the I Butter street
line • and transfer '¦ to ' the ; Sutro : line."
.;The game will be ' called , at 3 io'clock.
Ben Dibblee, Harvard's famous" back, ( will
referee. ' Charles Dudley,' a prominent fig
ure in Yale's football history, will act' in
the capacity of umpire. Dr.* A. C.; Steckle,
coach for the of i Nevada and
a former, celebrated end on the University
of ; MIchlgan r eleven; will be head linesman
and- timekeeper. ; Everett ; Brown" of ¦Call- ;
f ornla ' and A/: C. Blake ; of Stanford ¦: will
regulate the < pace of the stakes. Canvas
has ; been ; laid over i the . top of the ; grand
stand < so ' that I those fortunate 'enough I to
have secured the best seats may defy the
Btorm.l§Sfgii8!j85fe|jg£f :-''*.. ,v\- : ' ' " - \33Hfif
The betting favors California," ¦, which ; is
an 8 to 10 choice. Odds are being given
by the J supporters ', of both teams in pri
vate wagering. If it rains, as Mr. McAdle
predicts, the betting ; should be even, for
the teams would .; then, have- about an
equal ' chance to score. V;.
EVERYTHING except the gridiron
is . ready for the great annual
championship football game to
day between the University of California
and Stanford University.. The men are
all in fine shape and each team is confi
dent of victory. The officials are past
masters of the sport. The attendance
will be enormous, and lucky is the man
who can purchase a seat this morning.
The field will be slippery, and. worst of
all, Professor McAdle, . the Weather Bu
reau's meteorological expert, states the
chances are ten • to . one in favor of . rain.
He asserted last night that a storm had
struck the coast in the north and was
coming this way fast i enough ; to I reach
the Richmond field, long, before the ref
eree's whistle would announce the begin
ning of the battle. Mr. McAdie said there
was a possibility the moisture would get
shooed off somewhere along the line, but
he added ' that people must not expect
such good fortune.
If it rains the game will be slow and
every play will be uncertain. The men
will slip and flounder, and field goals will
be almost impossible. It will be hard for
the center and the quarter to make ac
curate passes, and harder yet >i. for '. the
backs to hold the slippery pigskin. > End
runs will be barred. The play will neces
sarily consist of line plunges, with pos
sibly a few tricks. :
However, there is a chance the weather
will be clear, in the afternoon. The field
is sandy, and if ¦> it does ; not rain this
morning an attempt will be made to dry
it with > sawdust. ¦-. Owing to .the recent
rains the* gridiron cannot be put into the
best of shape, no matter what the condi
tions may, be.
BETTING FAVOB9 CALIFORNIA.
Large Attendance Will
Witness the
Sodden Gridiron Is
Expected for
Contest.
FOOTBALL. ELEVENS OF UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AND OF STANFORD UNIVERSITY AS THEY WILL
FACE ONE ANOTHER THIS AFTERNOON : ON RICHMOND , FIELD IN THEIR ANNUAL GAME. THE
PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE COLLEGE ATHLETES ARE BY BOYE.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 13.
Everything is In readiness for the
football contest of the year with
California. The men are trained to the
hour. They are la superb physical con
dition and capable of playing as hard and
as fast a same of football as conscien
tious, thorough coaching and a strict ob
servance of training rules can make them.
Whether the cardinal eleven wins or loses
In to-morrow's contest, the players have
the united support of a body of loyal root,
ers, who will leave the field knowing
Stanford has played Us best.
The spirit that pervades the Stanford
campus .to-night Is not one of over
confidence, or even - confidence, but a
dogged determination to win Is every
where in evidence. It is admitted the
chances are favorable to California, but
they were more so in the freshman con
test, when one presumptuous critic said
California was bound to win 20 to 0, and
yet the Berkeley youngsters were clearly
outclassed. The Stanford freshman eleven
had the "Lanagan spirit," which is but
another name for the true Stanford spirit,
and the rooters feel sure the head coach
has thoroughly instilled this spirit into
the varsity eleven.
The one thing that appears to be most
disadvantageous for the Stanford varsity
is the disproportionate weight of the cen
ter trios on the two elevens. California's
three center men will outweigh Stanford's
middle men at least seventy pounds— a
large handicap for the lighter men to
overcome. Berkeley's center trio will av
erage over 200 pounds to the man, stripped
weight, making Stanford's 173-pound cen
ter men look like midgets. It does not
follow, however, that weight cannot be
overcome. The Stanford linemen have
been' trained for speed, and the coaches
depend on this quality to overcome the
advantage of weight. .
Hauverman, center; Thompson, left
guard; Sprott, left tackle, and Clark.. left
end, are all varsity veterans and have
proved their worth In Intercollegiate con
tests. Jacobs, right guard; Shields, right
tackle, and Smith, right end, have won
their positions this season as the result
of a hard and determined fight among a
large number of candidates. Although
none of these men are of the average ot
weight as varsity, linemen go, neverthe
less they have played In varsity form dur
ing the preliminary games this season,
and much is expected of them to-morrow.
Behind the line Captain Bansbacb at
quarter Is a veteran of four seasons. Be
sides using good generalship, the stocky
little quarter Is a strong man at backing
up the line and running interference.
"Savage" Dole, left half. Is the only vet
eran in the back field trio. He can be de
pended upon to play the most consistent
game of the eleven men who will repre
sent the cardinal. Chalmers, right half,
is a freshman, having entered Stanford
this fall from Portland. His college stand,
ing was not arranged in time to permit
his playing on the freshman eleven, but
his work during the season has justified
the coaches in placing him on the varsity.
"Jim" Weller, fullback, played his first
football as candidate for .the freshman!?
eleven this fall, but his work has been
so | brilliant that already he is rated as
one of the best fullbacks Stanford : ha3
ever produced. The cardinal backfleki
quartet will outweigh their opponents an
average of nearly five pounds to the man.
This additional weight rests largely with
the cardinal fullback, who weighs fifteen
pounds more than his opponent.
Trainer "Dad" Moulton is well satisfied
with the condition of the players. He
said to-night: "The team is in perfect
condition; there has never been a team
on the coast in better condition nor, one
better coached than the Stanford; eleven
has been this year."
Expect Their Speed
Will Overcome
X lullUlvuL/Ot
Cardinal Athletes Are
Trained to the
Hour.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, NpTEMJB-EK 14, 19O3.
FOOTBALL
ELEVENS MEET IN ANNUAL MATCH
FOR THE GRIDIRON SUPREMACY OF
UNIVERSITIES
6HORSES II* TRAINING HERE
AND A POPULAR RACING
OFFICIAL.
Co ntinued on Page 10, Column 4,
FOR the next three months the
principal topic of the baseball fans
and the magnates will be about
players who are to perform on the Pacific
Coast next season. The present season is
as good as ended and every one who fol
lows the game of baseball is naturally
interested in the outlook for next year.
As usual, the magnates are all orating
about what swell ball teams they will
control, but this kind of a talk Is not al
ways taken with seriousness by the fans,
for is it not repeated year after year, and
how often do the gentlemen who do the
talking make good?
Mr. Morley seems the leader in signing
'em up for the coming campaign. Al
ready he has a pretty fair sort of a ball
team corraled. If he is successful in en-
CALIFORNIA is, apparently, the
Mecca of the prinicpal coursJng
men of the Middle West just now,
as many greyhounds are being sent on to
compete for the valuable stakes to be de
cided h*re this' winter.
Wilson & Allen of Kansas have sent
three— Barefoot Boy, Troublesome and
Apple Blossom— which are already here.
The firm will also send on Tours Truly,
runner-up to Rubber Ankles in the Wa
terloo; Path5nder, winner of the Fu
turity; Advertiser, Crank, Corkscrew and
Bill Dugan. Advertiser was conceded the
fastest puppy in the Futurity, but he be
came eick after winning three courses.
Cecil Lyon of Texas Is sending twelve
greyhounds in charge of Peter Olnio.
Blake & Smith of Butte will send North-
cheered on by thousands of
college enthusiasts, the thoroughbred,
too, has his admirers, and another vast
crowd promises to pay tribute, rain or
shine, to the opening of the racing sea
son at Oakland track.
*It is no exaggeration to say that there
are more" high-class horses here and a
greater number of turfmen, riders and
bookmakers than ever visited California
before. Although may not all be
present at the track across the bay this
afternoon, there are plungers headed out
this way who bet thousands with the
sang-froid that a ferry-ticket seller passes
out 'your change. Not that plungers are
a necessity to good and clear sport, but
it demonstrates that the quality of rac
ing furnished here Is attracting the at
tention of the world.
The card for the opening bristles with
the names of famous mudlarks. It is
superfluous to add the track will be slop-
WHILE the giants of the grid
iron who will meet on Rich
mond field to-day will be
Men Who Can Field and Hit
Are Sure to Be in Great
Demand in Coast League
Esistern Owners Are Send
ing On the Pick of Their
Hounds to Start Here
A Striking Array of
Mudlarks Is Pre
sented.
LEASHMEN FIND
A GREAT FIELD
IN CALIFORNIA
FAST PLAYERS
REQUIRED FOR
NEXT SEASON
Continued on Page 10, Column 5.
i Jack : De ¦ Mund, ' : the . entry ?of ; Sidney
Bender,' is capable J of hanging up, records'
in ;muddy 'going, 1 '; so all the Chicagoltes
say. :v Jack '¦ showed : some signs \ t>f lame
ness on* Thursday J morning, but Sidney
says '."that's the animal's way 'of ¦ going."
Claude" has not been^doing much at Oak- ;
land and is Inot.; fancied by : "clock
ers.". Schwalbe, 'the Schreiber entry, has
been going 'sore and- has also been passed
,up " by - the ~ railbirds. . j Yellow:. Tail was
never partial . to - mud, but Captain Hack
ett's horse is > in well at the weights . and
mlght ; furnish i the surprise. ; "•> , ; 4 :i ;
• VAs * published r. in : i The ; Call Sat', Friday,
t rom^ the' outlook J last : night fully . twenty-'
five bookmakers i will, cut" in.. , Barney
Schreiber 4was I due : last ¦ evening * and f , will
'' be on the \ block ': to-day.*! as the . St.' Louis
man 1 ; loses * no time. .Willie
jiottman & -Co., Tom . Stevens,; Johnny
py. All interest, of course, will: center
in the Opening .handicap, \ the feature
event, at a mile, with $2000 added by the
California Jockey . Sixteen -horses
are carded -to. face the barrier, but four
and possibly six are more than likely; to
be absentees, I making a nicely balanced
field. .This will insure, the race being run
true to form.;; Kenilworth has top weight.
Stover's big brown ; horse* is notoriously
fond of Juicy footing and 119 pounds. will
set I lightly, on his , back. . Ben r MacDhui,
now In -the stable 6t- "Packy" Ryan,
worked a mile and a furlong. better than
1:55, the first mile in 1:40 or possibly a
shade worse, and:they may not all beat
him.'!''"' ' v ,-•,''¦¦- ¦ •¦ ..' . -. ¦, .' .;.• - >*."]
* JACK ? DE ? MTJND A FAST oVb.
FLEET HORSES
TO SPORT SILK
IN HANDICAP
Hijrrette, 99. .......... . J. Martin
Eonic, 99. . ............ .Chandler
*Orail. 97. . ... - ..... . V. . . ...
•Doubtful starter. ' y;/ v
Opening: handicap, S2000 added.
One mile, three-year-olds and up
ward, starters and probable
riders: .
Kenilworth. 119. W. See
Claude, 114 j. Daly
Albula, 111. ..:.-. Haack
Ben MacDhul. 109. Adkins
Tellow Tall. 107 .•WTaterbnry
*Horton. 107. . ......... :: ,
Koyal Rojrue, 107 W. Narva ez
Jack de Muni. 107. .... .OUphant
Horatius, 107 «I. Powell
Warte Hicht, 106. .... . W. Knapp
Tha 1 Pretter. 106.
Schwalbe, 104. .......... .D. Sail
?Pirateer, 103. .Otis
PBOBABLE WriTNEBS.
Pirrt ' rac e — Bedwald. Captivate, El
Piloto. . -¦'¦:' ' • ¦ ¦ - .
Second raca — D on Homo, Padua, H. l.
yxa^i. mi* , ¦. ¦ ¦'. .¦' . -- ' ™ ... -' t
Third race— Meehanns, Prince Blazes.
Bard Burns. ', : .~-.. ¦ - .•.,¦'--- ¦¦ •¦ ¦ • ¦
. rourth - race — S enilworUi. Jack da
Mund, Ben MacDhui. - r J
-.- rif th race— Epicure, "¦ Bornls ; Bunton.
John A. Scott. '¦ ••.. ."•*,¦¦ . .
- Sixth race— Totuil, Horton. Th« Dos. * .
',; .Third \ race— Seven ' furlongs; selling ; , three
year-olds . and upward. i^aBRiJrti{s i mj>t>'nafc|gMi
5100 Anvil .": :. .: . .1011 8197 Arthur. Ray. . .113
(51S5)Meehanus 7...1CS .... Buccleuth ...105
(4015) Bard Burns .'.107 6304 Miracle -II % ..109
(529")Bllly Moore ..lOOi 4609 Galanthus .;.10U
6225 niowkhtf'..... 112 ....^Pr.; Blazes ..105
J4158 Rollick. ..".;... 106!(51<H)Flourish *...;. 106
Second 'race-^Puturity,: course; 'purse; two
ye&r-olds. / h '-'-¦' ' r '^^~ '',- : --- . *-. X
4574 Military Man.107 .... Sailor Knot ..110
. .. Don Demo ..115 (51»9)H. L. Frank;.lll
. . . . Instrument <--.104 (4829)Padoa ,...:. ; .107
5261 C.*c 8cbweUer.'.104 5252 Lust Iff ....'.r.107
6261 Sol Smith ....107 :,-.._ '
Folio win* ar« the entries for . the racing to
day at ¦ Oakland i ?St!p?f&tt48&mt1?**fmsfr4laA
First * race— S«ven • furlong* j ¦ellisg; three
year-olds and upward. ;. - i , .. • .
4788 »Gd. Sachem.. 97 6303 El Pilcto ;.Y.1O9
s 4620 Canejo ...... .105 5300 *Iraa ... ... .101
Captivate ;.. 102 4425 "The Counselor 9*
4280 Saintly ......104 4517 Man of Honor. 102
.4956 Redwaid.iV.ilOa 4664 Steri.- Towers.105
B198 TotO'Oratiot::iOi' ..'.V Aggressor r ...106
ENTREES ; FOB. TO-1>AT.
Though the summer visitors have de
parted from Maria County, the resident
members of the San Rafael Golf Club are
still enjoying their favorite game. Lau
Saturday mixed foursomes were played
on the Scotch plan, each competitor pipy
ing his or 'her own ball Instead of taking
alternate strokes with his or her part
ner. Mrs. E. J. Hooper and R. J. Davis,
with a handicap of fourteen strokes, re
turned a score of 105, less 14. net 9L Mrs.
George H. Roe and R. Gllman Brown,
with a handicap of 101. returned a gross
score of 107. with a handicap of 12.
brought in » score of 109. net 97.
The ladies held a putting contest, each
competitor holing out five balls on thr>«
gTeens. Mrs. R. G. Brown holed the fif
teen balls out in 31 strokes. Mrs. G. H.
Roe's score being 34.
An approaching contest was also held
among the ladies on the same day. Each
competitor approached . with five balls
from a distance of 1<X> yards from th»
edge of the green, the , distance of the
three nearest balls to the hole being add
ed. Mrs. E. J- Hooper's three beat ballj
were a total distance of 123 feet away
from the hole, while Mrs. R. G. Brown'*
three best balls were 133 feet away.
„ In a driving match for men Douglas
Hardy was first, bU best ball having a
carry of 157 yards. E. J. Hooper's b«st
ball bad a carry of 192 and R. J. DavU*
best ball one of 130 yards.
On the course of the San Francisco Golf
Club this afternoon, beginning at 3
o'clock, there will be , a handicap over
eighteen holes against "bogey." The two
players who make the best net scores will
receive prises.
GOLFERS IN HANDICAP
ON PBESIDIO C0TT&S3
Sixth race — One an* a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing- three-year-olds and upward.
(5008)Fo»sll ....104! 52SW Chub ........ l&i
4«92 Horton ...... 103| 4355 Constable ..V.10O
6101 I O U ;.. 104! .... 'Dodle S......102
.... •The Pon .... 89, (5203) Erne 104
4532 Mr. Dingle ... 9.1; KQ4 Grail 104.
....¦•I*. Melbourne. W.
•Apprentice allowance.'
Fifth race — Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
upward.' : -' • - ¦ -
(4631) Epicure ......117! .... John A. Scott.105
¦4668 Fort Wayne.. 103! .... Bur. Btjnton..l07
.... Martinmas ... 99! (4534)MUd. Schults.104
.... AlbemarU ;... 99]
Fourth race— Opening handicap; $2000 added;
three-year-olds and upward; one mile.
. Ptrateer 103! 5196 Ben MacDhui.109
'4682 Horton ...... 107f .... Schwalbe ....104
<4345>Claude .......1U 6177 Horatiaa .....107
Hfti3)Rcyal Rogne.,107 4668 The Fretter..l0«
5304 Grail • 97 (5258)"Warte Nlcht-.lOe
" . . . . Jack de Mund.107 Albula Ill
B259 Kenilworth \. 119 4375 Yellow Tall. .107
4682 Eonlc 891 •
ALTHOUGH many members of the
South End, Ariel and Dolphin
rowing clubs on this side of the
bay and of the Alameda Boating Club
on Oakland Creek have gone out for rec
reation, and practice in barges and skiffs
during the past few months, there has
been no regatta nor organized event to
attract the attention of the oarsmen.
At a meeting on Monday night in the
headquarters of the Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union in the Emma
Spreckels building arrangements were
made for a race that will excite great in
terest among the rowing men of San
Francisco Bay and the Pacific Coast. In
deed, years have passed by since a cham
pionship rowing event of equally wide
spread interest has occurred on the
waters adjacent to this city.
On January 3, 1904, A. "W. Pape of the
Olympic Athletic Club and the Dol
phin Boating Club, for several years
the champion single shell sculler of the
Pacific Coast, and F. W. Ayers of the
Alameda Boating Club, the Pacific Coast
champion in the outrigged skiff, will race
on Lake Merrltt, Oakland. The race will
be started at 9:30 1 in the morning and will
be over the regular championship course,
distance one and a half miles, with a
turn. Both contestants were present at
the meeting at which the arrangements
for the contest were made, W. B. Hinch
man . representing • the Alameda Boating
Club and W. A. Remensperger being the
representative of the Dolphin Boating
Club. The prize will be a trophy
value $35— the most valuable permitted by
the rules of the Amateur Athletic Union.
-The following officials have been select.
fd: John J. Gleason of the Olympic Ath
letic Club, referee; Robert Me Arthur of
the South End Rowing Club, starter; J.
S. Earls of the Dolphin Boating Club, B.
G. Lyons of the Alameda Boating Club
and T.< J. Fitxpa trick of the South End
Rowing* Club, Judges at the turn; W. A.
Remensperger of the Dolphin Boating
Club, - Z. T. Thorning of the Alameda
Beating Club and J. A. Geddes of the
Ariel Rowing Club. Judges at the finish;
Sidney Cavill - of th« Olympic Club.
Charles H. Smith of the Alameda Boating
Club and A. P. Rothkopf of the Dolphin
Boating Club, timers.
It is intended to arrange for some barge
and outrigged skiff races to take place
on. the same day.
CINCINNATI. Nor. 18.— Latonia resolta:
First race, on* mile — Sailor's Dream won.
Melbourne Eclipse second. Choice third. Tlm«.
l*44*i
Second race. Ut« and a half far tones— Anal*
Hastings won. Sjambok second. Athena tUrd.
Third 'race." one and a sixteenth mile*—la
bin won. Lore's Labor second. Tofts third.
Time, 1:51V*. _ _ __
Fourth race, steeplechase, saurt eottr**—
Charawlnd won. Sea Pirate second. Ceylon
third. Time. 3:08*4. ¦*¦¦
Firth race, six furlongs— Major T. J. Carsoa
won. Varlore second. Idle third. Time. l:lT«i.
Sixth race, one mile— Arachane won, Troea
dero second. Jigger third. Time, 1:44.
L ATONTA RACE BESULTS.
NEW YORK. Not. 13.— Although
four favorites won at Jamaica to
day the crowd went away grum
bling. Two of these choices wer*
at prohibitive odds, while the heaviest
played favorite. Carbuncle, in the Liberty
stakes, was beaten a head by Sheriff Bell.
chiefly because of a poor ride by Redfern.
Carbuncle opened at 7 to 5, bat was
quickly played down to even money, all
of the big bettors getting aboard witi»
confidence. As Sheriff Bell and Mono
graph rushed off in front to set a killing
pace Redfern put Carbuncle under a
choking pull and let the leaders get away
from him. Sheriff Bell, instead of follow
ing suit, kept on under a magnificent rida
from Fuller and lasted long enough ta
win by a head. The summary:
NEW YORK. Nov. 13. — Jamaica results:
First race, «lx furlongs — Mamie Worth wot,
Princess Tulane Mcond. The Captain tilrd.
Ttme, 1:18.
Becond raee. one and an elchth mile*, ull
ing — Wild Plrat* won. Hoodwink second. All
Gold third. Time. 1:53 3-3.
Third race, handicap, six furlong* — Reticent
won. Pol Roger second. Reliance third. Tins*
Fourth race, one *nd a aixtMSth mU«a. Lib
erty utakea— Sheriff Bell won. Carbuncla sec
ond. Ethics third. Tim*. 1:47 4-3.
Fifth race. ttv» and a half forlonsa — Clear
the Arena won. Belle of Bellezaeade teconi,
Gaanasne third. Time. 1:CS.
Sixth race, wlltnir. on* and a ilxte«ota
milea — Unmasked won, Grarisa second. Hot
third. Time. 1:47 4-3.
;; Gene Porter, at one time connected
with Riley Grannan, got oft last evening's
overland. \ Gene ': gave the game here the
go-by for six* years; but decided to try,
it ' again. . Roy Carruthera was • a fellow
passenger. ;"."
: Lex Morris and John Hlckey, two reg
ulars to " California every winter, regis
tered on time yesterday. ;
Henry : Forsland, the . New York form
chart man. Is another late arrival,
y. Black . A Fitzgerald ¦- have secured : the
field book " privilege at . the- new Los An
geles track. :
Ed Noel, a Chicago newspaper man,- is
here again, after - an ; absence of two
years."
Paul Miles, now. at Oakland, expected
three of, his horses from the Eastern
country yesterday. . I
Two more stables, those of E. W- Fitz
gerald'- and J. L- Boorbar, .were due at
Oakland from Latonia last night.
C, C. McCafferty and Thomas Hatfleld
will ship their stable's from Latonia for
California to-day.
Fred •. Morlock,* a ' member of George
Rose's crew, says -the California layer
got even on the season at Aqueduct and
Jamaica. One day at the latter track
George dusted out $13,000. At one stage
he was more than $30,000 to the bad. Mor
lock says Rose was riot nettled at being
unable" to secure the field books this year
and will be here about Christmas time to
book. ' ,
The, stables of Gus Lanka and George
Wentworth reached Oakland yesterday
from- Chicago. . •
Dick Dwyer, one of the most popular
and capable starters in the country, will
handle the barrier. Dick is no stranger
to . California racegolngr crowds and fur
ther-comment on his work is unneces
sary. He will have for assistants Arthur
McKnight and Charley Weber.
In the judges' stand E. C." Hopper will
again preside, with C.H. Pettingill as
associate. Judge Hopper is the best liked
of any official that ever occupied the
stand on this coaat and his rulings sel
dom bring out adverse criticism. He
reached here from Latonia yesterday and
was accompanied by Colonel W.'R. Letch
er, the newly, appointed handlcapper.
James Devine, .who ¦will have charge of
the field books, representing John . Con
don, arrived from Chicago Thursday
night. Johnny Cella made the trip with
him. ' \,V^
DWYEB AT THE BAKRIEB.
Coleman, Ed Slocum. Joe Harlan, Jim
Davis, M. A. Miller, Jimmy Jackson and
Caesar Young are some of the best-known
firms that will lay prices.
Although Tommy Burns, Bullman and
Redfern will be a trill e late, in arriving.
there Is no dearth of first-class riding
talent. D. Hall, under contract to Bar
ney Schrleber, Is a boy who, it Is Bald,
will, quickly become a public favorite.
Jack Martin has ridden out here before
and needs no introduction. Then there
is Willie Haack, an exceptionally clever
lad; "Big Bill" Knapp, the Burns & "Wa
terhouse midget, Coleman; Jimmy Book
er, Ivy Powell, Adkins, the best of all
the Chicago riders; Johnny Daly, Otis
and Foley. I From the old school are See,
Frawley, Bozeman. jWaterbury. Chand
, ler and others.
Ayers and Pape Will Race
for Championship of the
Coast in Single Shells
Carbuncle Beaten a Head
by Sheriff Bell in Lib
erty Stakes at Jamaica
Kenilworth Is Choice
for the Opening
Handicap.
OARSMEN LOOK
FORWARD TO A
GREAT CONTEST
REDFERN'S RIDE
MEANS DEFEAT
OF A FAVORITE
THE SAN FEANC1SCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEM 5ER 14, 1903.
RACING
WITH FINE FIELDS AND CLEVER JOCKEYS
WILL BE INAUGURATED THIS AFTERNOON AT
OAKLAND
7
AD VEBTISEMZNTS. ____^
; "H^^ i/^V /"^ "MT^ T""^ / 0^-i : '' : -
RQQS BROS.
College Men Attention
PREPARE FOR THE
BIG GAME TO-DAY
I BY CALLING ON US TO GET YOUR
Winter Suit r Overcoat or Raincoat
j WHICH ARE CHOCK-FULL OF
! STYLE AND SNAP AND ARE
I 1 SPECIALLY BUILT FOR YOUNG
j I FELLOWS LIKE YOU : : : : :
j €L A little more pronounced in cut . (L Our regulation button badges,
and color, a trifle extreme if you >; :. .... . r /
will, but they.give that strenuous whlch we have distributed for the
look, that athletic physique, that last eight years, are now ready—:
* air of perfect' development, which * ,j
you all strive to attain. call and get your colors.
California and Stanford Pennants - - - 75c
Wear the CROSS Gloves to the Game - $1.75
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POSTThe'^gay^ and bibulous ; spirits,^ male, and female, who
loaded'iip' on intoxicants -the "other; day and then raced an
automobile through the streets to disaster should .'" have
been arrested as enemies of They should be im
pressed by the law's penalties ¦ that booze and an automobile
are ya. combination ) clearly 'within the .category ¦' of » things
tabooed 'as menaces :to : civilization;^ . ¦' ". ::,-..'., "'
' Mr. . Pinero's expression, in a public
speech in London, of a hope that some
day serious plays ; would begin at 7 o'clock
ln'-.the evening, so as to end; at 10:30, : or
not "¦ much later, has been favorably ' re
ceiv. ; d by some of : the critics and other
persons interested in theatricals, > but for
the most part it has served as a text "for
the « commentators to \ hurl ' sarcasm and
ridicule;at the modern play; and more
particularly at th^ modern playgoer. The
critics would, of course, all like to get
back ; to the i newspaper ' offices " in . time to
write' a well considered •; criticism of the
performance," -Instead of the hasty notice
they * are : now > generally.' compelled \ to be
satisfied -with,* and , actors I and t managers
wovlii like, ,it seems, to get to bed earlier.
Outside ; of .these ! comparatively ;, restricted
circles,'": however/ the ' general opinion is
that .the; London -playgoer, having; dined
; fully.' arid \ with «¦ a : leisure i that per ml t s a
rounding • out Z of .that fullness, goes
tui . theater . not ' to think, l but : to be en
tertained ' Just sufficiently to stimulate the
processes;of^digestion.! With ~ persona of
less " leisure ; who '¦ toll ' at . shop . or,- ractory
up to " th t r blowing Z of : the : whistle, and
Dinner and the Play.
Echoes From St. 'Louis.
The herbs with which the. Indian "med
icine man" used to heal the red man will
form an interesting exhibit at the World's
Fair. Dr. J. W. Blahkenshlp, botanist at
the State experimental station at Boze
man, Mont, is making the collection. The
collection will also embrace many things
that grew wild and were used by the In
dians as food. Among these food products
is the sunflower. From the seed of , the
sunflower, the Indians ; made a nutritious
bread.-. Dr. Blankenship says many, of the
wild , herbs possess , medicinal ,-, properties
which science has heretofore overlooked. ;
; One , of 5 Louisiana's • prominent \ features
in the palace of agriculture at the World's
Fair will 'be a •• model sugar-house.'. >'AH
the modern , apparatus arranged I accord
ing to most approved methods ; will ' enter
into . the . display. . -.' All \ the ~ products • ; of
sugar . cane~ will be * shown, ; and ¦< commer
cial grades . of all ; syrups. : sugar/ and mo
lasses will be displayed.
Then we have that large class of epi
thelial cells whose work it is to flltet out
from the blood certain materials and to
manufacture from them substances which
the . body needs in Its various activities.
Saliva, tears, gastric Juice, the pancreatic
fluids, the bile and a* large number (no
one knows how many) other fluids are
produced in this manner. These most'In
teresting phenomena will be 1 discussed
more fully when we come, to, consider; the
function of secretion. For f he present we
mar eay that the cell,* which 1* • bathed In
(Editor Health Culture Magazine. New Tork.)
Of all the wonders of cell life perhaps
the most striking Is the immense variety
of the cells, which may be divided into
four classes— epithelial cells, connective
tlasue cells, muscle cells and nerve cells.
Of these the most numerous are the epi
thelial cells, which are of the greatest
possible variety in form and function., In
the skin and the lining surfaces of certain
organs, such as the mouth and throat,
they form a protective covering. Upon
the surfaces of the throat and bronchial
tubes we find, epithelial cells s provided
with tiny arms, or cilia, as they are
called. These cilia move incessantly back
and forth with a peculiar motion, like the
stroke of a swimmer's arms— a short,
quick stroke toward the mouth, then a
Blow stroke backward. The object of this
movement Is to propel toward the mouth,
¦where they may be ejected, the dead cells,
particles of Inhaled dust and other mat
ters which adhere to the surface; of the
throat and bronchial tubes. These tiny
cells, so small that it would take many
thousands of them placed side by side to
reach one Inch, know their duty so well
that not one ever makes a false stroke
always a Quick push stroke toward the
mouth and a slow withdrawal. Were the
stroke to be reversed, were the • mucous
and foreign matter adhering to the sur
face to be propelled backward into the
lungs, the result would be • serious de
rangement of the general functions, if not
death. But the wise little cells know their
duty.
BT W. R. C. LlATSOX, M. D.
Cell Functions.
/.Thepast generations thaO felt] the .whblesorne discipline of
mamma's slipper ; when youthful mischief got the better of
youthful ¦discretion were pretty good* generations 1 of people.
CANDIDATE HEARST lays the eggs of an idea
under every chip. When these are developed the
people will have a complete' ground plan and front
elevation of his opinions on sociology, government," morals;
manners and everything except .why, an ox sweats through
his nose and the nose of a dog is cold.
The latest is the elaborate statement of his idea about the
discipline of children. His feelings are : hurt by the occa
sional correction of unruly youngsters by their mammas in
public. If a mischievous little : one gets so full of ginger
that it insists on wiping its muddy shoes on the immaculate
skirts of a strange lady and refuses to desist until it becomes
r.ecessary for the mamma to slap its hands Mr. Hearst ad
vises that any one who sees this maternal atrocity shall walk
over and, hit the offending mamma a sounding thwack on
the head or a "right hander on the solar plexus, remarking
by way of explanation, "How do you like it yourself?" In
some cases he would vary the treatment by strangers calling
the mother "a' brute." •
The , proof ' of the string, is in chewing the pudding, or
words to that effect. A reformer should have the courage of
his convictions, and we beg to suggest that Candidate Hearst
try it on. The nextjtime he sees a mother correct an unruly
child. when; moral suasion has failed let him go up and^box
the offending mother's ears, or give her a punch "in, the cor
set, or call. her a brute. , We are of the opinion that as soon
as her husband or other male protector can identify him the
candidate will have an opportunity, to acquire s ecchymosed
optics and maybe a broken nose, 1 if not the sufferer by in
juries still more serious. • - \ .
. No one advocates the whipping of children and the cases
of punishment in public or private are so rare that they rather
provetheruietobeabstention from that method of correc
tion: V, But Mr. Hearst sees the rule to be the other way. and
his' desire to mind everybody's business induces him ; to i ad
vertise American "motherhood .as a system of unfeeling
tyranny, requiringas; a remedy public assault upon
mothers in" street fears and other public p laces.'
Here starts the trail—
This redwood tre« —
Walk down the cool
Dim depths with me;
No need . of . guide.
We much urefer
A butterfly - -
For courier! **
And If the path
Should prove obscure .
We have the brook
For troubadour •
To lead and lure *
.With slngt njc sweet
Beck to the trail
Our ¦trayins feet.
Is that the wind
Amone the trees.
Or soundlns of
Pacific seas?
AE&ln, again.
Ah, 'Us the sea.
And troubadour.
It calls to thee!
Down, down we stray.
The woods grow dense.
The air is rife -
With - frankincense.
The odor sweet •
Of fir and pine. .
For weary ¦ hearts
The anodyne:
— Clarence Urmy la Sunset.
The Trail Beautiful.
PRESIDENTIAL IDEAS.
It is as hard to account for the popu
larity of certain tunes as It Is for the
popularity of certain books. One time it
was "McGinty" whose adventures at the
bottom of the sea took possession of the
whistling and organ-grinding world; later
it was "Mr. Dooley"; now It is "Hiawa
tha," which . is described as r "the mad
melody that will not stop." "Hiawatha"
has not yet crossed the ocean; "Mr. Doo
ley" has. During the summer just past
I spent a few weeks in North Wales.
While lying one day in. the heather at
the top of a mountain 1000 feet above
the village of Penmaenmawr, with noth
ing but the occasional note of a bird to
break the silence, up from the village
below came the sound of a hand organ,
and the strains of "Mr. Dooley" were
wafted to the mountain. top. . "Is there no
escape from this, all-pervading "tune?" I
thought, as I wandered farther back up
the mountain to get rid of it, but all the
way I stepped in time to the music that
I thought I had left behind me in New
York. Later In the season I crossed over
to Paris. One evening I was driving back
of the open-air; theaters that line the
Champs Ely,sees. Stopping the carriage
for a moment I said to the friend who
was with me: "Walt a minute and you
will hear a characteristic . French song"
I had scarcely spoken the words when
"Meester Doolee" floated out over the
lanterns and "fairy lights" and above the
noise of the popping corks.— The Lounger
In the November Critic. -,¦¦¦..
Popular Tunes.
THE spite shown against Americans in Bogota by ston
ing their houses and shutting them indoors is not dis
quieting, for it is nothing new. The opponents of the
administration will point to it as caused solely by the Pan
ama affair. 'But it is simply a fresh expression of the con
tempt for Americans and their" rights that has been the rule
for years in most of the Latin-American states.
Our citizens have \been 'robbed by Salvador and ordered
to leave. or stay and be, killed. They'have been imprisoned
in Honduras, while their property was being stolen, and then
released without trial and ordered out of the country without
explanation. American gentlemen have been attacked on the
streets of Central American capitals, insulted in clubs, de
spoiied and ] humiliated,'; and our Government has ; not ex
tended its protection because tKese outrages were committed
by "our w eak sister republics."- .. While we have ¦'¦ protected
the integrity of their, te-ritory and sovereignty against Eu^
rope by. the Monroe doctrine the most unpopular and unsafe
man down there has always been the American. It; is time
to- change this. Once let^ it be understood that injury or
denial ¦ of justice to an American will be', swiftly and sternly
punished and there will be a change. If the Panama' matter
be the means of such a change of policy it will be vindicated.
.Our people must \ be instructed in the nature and customs
of those Governments. "'They have excellent republican con
stitutions, which are, as much regarded as*tea_ chest labefs.
With few exceptions the administration is entirely autocratic.
What Khan, . Shah^ Mogul^ or Emir in Asia, . in ; all \ history,
was: evermore absolute than Castro of Venezuela?^His ex
ecutive order suspendsithejbiir of in the constitution
and drags a man from hiv pillow to a dungeon to ; be chained
to; the walls, : scourged and 'murdered. So also it takes i' from
his family, at midnight a'Justice of the Supreme Court, throws
himina dungeonVandat'daylightputs another on; the bench
with orders to reverse : a" decision that was not agreeable to
ther President. If Panama will furnish an example of en
lightened and truly republican government its revolutionary
establishment will be i remembered \ as the origin of a useful
missionary -movement 'in'; Latin-American politics.
COLOMBIAN RAGE.
In the scandalous into the charges that local
police officers thrive upon the bribery of saloon-keepers
nothing, strangely enough, has been said to indicate that
our Market-street dives pay dishonest, money to continue
their iniquities in spite of the protests of decency. Is it pos
sible that these dens enjoy protection more powerful than
that of ordinary policemen?
A New York widow, unduly impressed by the value of
money, died in squalor the other day and left five hundred
thousand dollars to two daughters. The young ladies will
probably correct the mistake of their parent and live justly
observant of the rights of society to share in a judicious
circulation^ of cash.
Old Jokes the Best.
"It must be very discouraging to the
menjwho^wrlte^ comedy, and especially to
the men "who 'write the librettos of the
musical comedies, to realize that the old
jokes are the ones that invariably get
the laugh," said the 'veteran theater
goer. "I have frequently observed this
state of affairs. The original humor that
the author places in the mouths of his
characters never seems to appeal to an
audience like the moss-grown Jests that
are evidently interpolated. In fact, the
older ar Joke is, the more welcome it
seems to be. I suppose it's on the prin
ciple that old friends are best. I at
tended a performance the other events
that was full of , laughs, and most cf
the lines were original; but the thing
that struck the audience as being tha
funniest bit In the show was when the
principal comedian drinks champagne for
the first time, makes- a grimace and says
•It feels Just like your foot was asleep.'
Then the people howled and nearly fell
out of their seats. And yet I'll venture to
say the joke, if you can call it a Joke
Is at least twenty-five years old. It Just
goes, to show that familiarity doesn't al
ways breed contempt."— Philadelphia Rec
ord. /
'Answers to Queries.
RUSS GARDENS— Newcomer. City
The Russ Gardens, which in the early
fifties in San Francisco was a popular
pleasure resort, was located on the
southwest corner of Sixth and Harrison
streets.
VICTORIA HOSPITALS-C. B. City
For information relative to " medical
schools, students in such and hospitals
in Victoria, B. C, address a letter of
inquiry to Abraham E. Smith, United
States Consul at that place.
PRESIDENT— Subscriber, City. There
is no limit to the^number of times an
eligible person may run for the office of
President of the United States, but in
view of the fact that George Washington
set the example It is very doubtful if any
one would be elected for a third term.
BOOKS-J. N., City. In answer to your
question, "Have written two books and
would be pleased if you would inform
me as to how I can make my talent
known to the general public?" this de
partment suggests that you have the
books published and distributed to tha
book sellers.
INDIA MUTINY— J.'F. D., San Diego,
Cal. Mutinies in the Bengal army. India,
at Barrackpore, etc., when several regi
ments were disbanded occurred in March,
1S57, and again on May 10, 1S37. at
Meerut," near Delhi, when the mutineers
seized Delhi, committed many outrages
and proclaimed the King of Delhi Empe
ror. >,
SNOWBAX»L PARTY— H. M*. S.. Fol
som, Cal. A «nowball party, such as was
recently given by an organization in San
Francisco, Is ordinary dancing party
at which between numbers the dancers
pelt each other with "snowballs." These
are tissue. paper filled with small bits of
white paper, like confetti, and when one
strikes a person it breaks and the white
fragments are released in a shower.
TAMMANY HALL— Subscriber, City.
Some time before the year 1800 there ex
isted in several leading cities of the Union
many , societies named Tammany, after
a" Delaware chief noted for his age and
virtue. In the course of time all these
organizations passed out of existence ex
cept the one in New York City. Kvhich wa3
established May 12, .1789. Its object in
the beginning was wholly in the interest
of charitable effort, but in the "process
of the suns" the original purpose was
entirely lost stjrht of and it became iden
tified with' the Democratic party.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c 'a' pound, in artistic ,flre-'
etched boxes. . A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at. above Call bldg. •
- Special information supplied dally to
business houses and ¦ public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia* street. . Telephone Main 1042. *
The number of persons at t the noon meal
in Chicago's 1200 restaurants, 300 hotels
and numerous saloons with cafe accom
modations may be safely estimated at
300,000. or an average of 100 at each. This
is probably an underestimate. The Audi
torium serves on the average 2000 meals
a day.-yand in times of rush as high as
35(w a day (allowing one meal for each
person); and some of the. big restaurants
have from 500 to 1000 patrons at noon.
The cost of a meal varies from 5 cents tc
?5, but, by striking an average of 20 cents
a total of $40,000 is obtained as the amount
spent daily by the 200,000 downtown work
ers. This sum is considerably increased,
perhaps to J100.000, if we include what is
paid for breakfast and supper by persons
who regularly get those meals at hotels
and restaurants. This makes a yearly ex
penditure of {36,000,000 by patrons of hotels
and restaurants. It is hard to ascertain
the cost of living in families, at best no
more than a rough calculation Is possible.
The daily expenditure for provisions for
a family of five Is probably as much as
$1 on the average, of 20 cents a head
making a total of $400,000 a day for the
2,000,000 who regularly get two or three
meals at home. Here is a grand total of
$180,000,000 for feeding Chicago's. 2,200,000
people one year. The Item for meat alone
is $36,000,000, or $100,000 a day (for 1,000,000
pounds at 10 cents a pound). The item for
bread (and its equivalent In rolls, dough
nuts, cookies, etc) is $18,000,000, or $50 000
a day (for 1,000,000 loaves at 5 cents each).
As the number of persons accustomed to
luxurious living is continually increasing
the yearly outlay for the. city's food
may be as much as $200,000,000, or about $90
per capita.— The World To-Day.
Feeding Chicago.
r "Well, sir, the ,' way General Shafter
came down that slope was something to
remember. Finally he tore up to • the
wagon and we hauled him in over the
tailboard. Then' one of the men shot the
bear. ¦
"When Shafter had got his breath
some he turned to Miles and said: 'Miles,
I don't think much of your new carbines
out here. They, would not be of much
good in a forced retreat.' And he broke
the gun at the, breech and showed Miles
the empty shell, which had lodged In the
chamber."
After we had been on the road some
hours we spofted an old she one and her
cubs off on a little level flat some rods
% from the road. We let the general take
a shot at the bear, but he missed arid
she went off into the bushes. Nothing
would do but that Shafter must go af
ter her, so he started and the rest of us
staid In the wagon so that he could have
all the sport of bringing her down. Well,
Shafter disappeared in the bushes and
there was no noise for a minute, and then
we heard a shot. We were Just saying
that the general must have made his kill
when we heard a yell, and here comes
Shafter. "
¦ ''He came out of those bushes on the
jump, waving his gun and going over the
high places like a rabbit. You know that
must have been. going some for General
Shafter. Behind him about a hundred
paces was the she bear with her back
humped up and slapping at her sides as
she ran. The general was coming down
hill toward us and was right in line with
the bear, so we could not take a shot at
her. without being in danger of hitting
Shafter.
"Well, sir," began "Mitch," "I have
hunted bears several times myself and I
have seen others hunt them, but I will
never forget the time that General Shat
ter went after big game. I was with
Miles then, up In the Yellowstone coun
try, and Shatter came through the post
on a trip north. Shafter said he wanted
to get some, bear hunting and so
Miles and a few of us took the general in
an -army wagon up on one of the forks,
where we knew the beasts were to be
found.
"Old Mitch," the armorer over at the
University of California, is the uncrown
ed king of the student body.' The select
few whom he 'delights to honor consider
It a privilege to sit down In his office
under the gymnasium and hear the old
ex-sergeant spin off tales of life in the
army. One day "Mitch" stuffed a cigar
into his pipe— that -is a favorite trick of
his— and began to grow reminiscent.
Shaffer's Bear Hunt.
Paradise lies beneath the shadow of a
hair. Everything Is decisive. Each
thought is an Atlas that supports a world
of thought.— Benjamin de Casseres in the
November Critic.
In Stevenson's eye all is not ill. ' The
skies are not always overcast. In the
murk of things he discerns veins of glory
that cross and transpire. The secret
grace in things peeps out at times. Men
and women are beautiful in perspective.
The pageant of souls across the earth
attracts. Love's ordinances are Impera
tive. The link that binds man to man
is a golden thread that girdles the world.
If pain fills the universe it Is because of
the discordancy between the internal and
the external. And all discordancy
breathes a promise. The world of willing
is segmental. Action is but an arc in the
circumference of the soul's possibilities.
The life of the renunclant strikes the
diapason below which the minor chords
dwindle and subside. It is on these
heights that we "thrill with the Joy of
girded men." The renunclant is pano
plied 'gainst fate. Like Socrates and
Epicurus, the soul triumphant will dls
coutse of itself though death be creeping
through its mortal members. The fus
tian of circumstance cannot balk its gaze.
It will go on "forever, and fall, and go
on again." Noble words! that projeet-the
soul toward the infinite- spaces where
upswirllng thought is dispersed in the
glow of an exalted Intuition.
A. Life to Pattern By.
THE staid old Westminster Review of London has so
far relaxed its austere dTgnity" as- to dwell, at/some
length upon that remarkable freak, the American col
lege yell. As if it were dissecting a. new species'of star fish
the Review carefully analyzes the component parts of the
yell, segregates it into its elements and even goes so far as
to reproduce— much to the evident discomfiture of the lino
type man— several "college cheers" picked at random from
the rare assortment offered from the nine hundred and ninety
nine American institutions of culture. "Friends of religious
education," says the Review, "will sigh to learn that the
simpler 'cheers'- in the various cases enumerated are those of
non-sectarian institutions, while the more elongated and
cacaphonous are Baptist . and Methodist Episcopal respect
ively."
The specialist on the Review has done a great work, has
made a contribution to contemporary phonetics which
should live through the ages and find an honored place in
the British Museum so that coming generations may read
and have understanding. For what American writer, living
here in the midst of these fearful and wonderful phenomena
of latter day humanities, would dare to approach a task so
fraught with live interest but imposing such unlimited re
search in these bleak November days; when the chrysanthe T
mum blossoms and the football gear transforms our young
men into semblances of Normandy truck horses — days when
the dog crawls under the front porch and the college yawp
is in the air? * - /
The expert phonologist who seeks the derivation and the
historical usage of the college yell finds his path beset with
difficulties. At first blush it would seem to be of primitive
Indian, origin on account of the gutturals and the general
bloodthirsty import of its tenor." But the records of the
early pioneers tell us that the Indian war cry had a singular
sameness and d/finiteness of expression to it in^vhich the col
lege cry is lacking. ' Nor can it be conjectured that the slo
gan is compiled. as the result of the imitative instinct of
those residing in the vicinity of a nail foundry, for again
the ""diversified rhyme scheme .prohibits this theory. "Eat
'em up — chop 'em up— give 'em the ax— Berkeley"; the crux
remains one of the seven days' marvels of modern culture.
"Yell; it will do your lungs good," said a president of one
of our Western universities. That is the solution of . the
whole problem. Physical culture and mental training have
ever gone hand in hand. All work and no play has the ten
dency to ; render Jack mentally incompetent. So. dignified
Judges of the Superior bench, solid bankers, "ministers of
the Word and street' car conductors lift their voices with
those of the college youth in a grand paean to the healthful
exhilaratfon of the true college yell.
THE AMERICAN COLLEGE SLOGAN.
A startling fact connected with these
great lava flows is that they are so re
cent. Professor Miller of the United
States geological survey demonstrates
that near Lassen Peak, in Northern Cal
ifornia, vast eruptions of volcanic ash
and basaltic lava, covering many square
miles, have occurred in less than 200
years. Professor I. C. Russell, also of
the United States geological survey,
thinks that still larger volcanic outflows
occurred in Idaho within that short per
iod of time. Indeed, the geysers and boll
ing mud springs of Yellowstone Park
would eeem to be breathing holes of these
deep Internal fires which are still in ac
tion. An area in New Zealand, filled with
geysers similar to those In Yellowstone
Park, blew up a few years ago and dev
astated that whole region. Geologists
would not b« surprised if similar explo
sions should take place anywhere in the
volcanic region west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
But the most remarkable outflowings of
lava In all the world are to be found in
North America west of the Rocky Moun
tains. In the Snake River Valley in Ida
ho about 12,000 square miles consist of
fresh iava plains through which the river
has in places cut a gorge 800 feet deep
through alternate beds of volcanic ash
and basaltic lava. The Shoshone Falls
have dissected this plain in a most inter
esting manner. For hundreds of miles
the river flows between perpendicular
walls of lava hundreds of feet in thick
ness, and at last plunges down 200 feet or
more and flows onward between walls of
lava 800 feet in height. SUll vaster areas
in Northern California, Oregon, Washing
ton and British Columbia are covered
with lava, in many cases thousands of
feet thick. In all more than 100,000 square
miles are thus covered west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Where the surrounding rock has been
cracked and lava has filled the seam this
is called a "dike." and the material filling
it "trap." In many cases of old rocks
the softer parts have since been worn
away and the dike remains as a project
ing ridge or mountain. The Palisades
above New York City. Mounts Tom and
Holyoke in Massachusetts, East and
West mountains at New Haven, Conn.,
and many similar prominences on the
esatern fringe of the Allegheny Moun
tains are trap-dikes. So also are the cel
ebrated Fingal's Cave and the Giant's
Causeway in Ireland.
The evidence of ancient volcanic action
is found in all the older rocks, and in
many that are of recent origin. Many
islands in the ocean are nothing but piles
of volcanic material thrown up from cra
ters in the bottom of the sea. The Azores,
the Canaries, St. Helena and many other
islands have been built up by volcanic
action from great depths. In 1S11 the cra
ter of a volcano suddenly emerged from
the sea near the Azores and ejected vast
quantities of lava, stones and cinders,
but the waves have since washed it all
away.
BT GEORGES FREDERICK WRIGHT. A.
M-. LL. D.
(Author of "Man and the Glacial Period." etc.)
The distribution of volcanoes is well
worthy of attention, "iv**:.
The Pacific Ocean 1b almost complete
ly surrounded by them. Volcanic peaks
rise as sentinels all along the mountain
chain running from Patagonia to Alaska,
and thence around through Kamchatka,
down the Asiatic coast to the Malay
archipelago. Nearly all the islands also
of the Pacific Ocean either contain ac
tive volcanoes or are of volcanic origin,
while in the interior of the continents
there ere few.
From this wide and peculiar distribu
tion of volcanoes it Is inferred that their
cause is very deep seated and that it is in
some way connected with the sea. Their
activity is doubtless often due to the wa
ter which leaks through the solid rocks,
arid upon reaching the heated mass is
turned into steam and thus an eruption
may be compared to the explosion of a
boiler. Great volumes of steam often is
sue from their craters, and in some cases
floods of water are vomited forth, though
sometimes such floods are produced by
the sudden melting of snow, upon the
sides of the volcano.
Volcanic Phenomena.
¦ Consequent - upon . incessant ' and obviously, unnecessary
public speaking Emperor William has strained one of his
vocal chords to such a degree 'as r to alarm . his physicians
and his people. If it were not to excite a suspicion that
we have a grudge against William's subjects' we might sug
gest that the Emperor's medical, advisers consult with Wil-.
Ham Jennings Bryan, the man^ with the iron throat'
"There Is the rule that every broker
on ibetfxmdon Stock Exchange must wear
a silk hat and that every barrister prac
ticing In the courts must appear in black
coat and waistcoat. The new broker who
enteis the exchange In other headgear
will find it a wreck in a very few seconds,
and the r.cvice at the bar who gets uo to
address th» Judge in a white waistcoat
or a gray suit has been known to get this
admonition from the bench: "I cannot
hear you in that dress," and the client
has to suffer until his lawyer dons the
regulation garb. The rule is as firmly
established as the clergyman's black
broadcloth and plain white neckband.
The wearing of similar clothes in trans
acting similar business by those who
alone are legally entitled to do it— be it
dealing in stocks or arguing law cases
brings those concerned, says this Tires*
philosopher, on a correct . professional
piatform. It brings them eye to eye »n
regard for each other and for the busi
ness in hand. As one who is an enthu
siast, besides a thinker, he maintains that
all the vaunted Anglo-Saxon greatness is
foundec 1 on the sagacious Instinct for re
peatedly changing clothe*. He will him
self, analyze the matter in his private
smoking-room, having not only dressed
for dinner earlier in the evening, nut put
aside his black tall for a dandy maroo.i
smoking Jacket. It la the apotheosis of
the cult."
An American observer in London takes
occasion to comment upon some peculiar
and strictly English rules of dress, as fol
lows:
Clothes Make Englishman.
who constitute a large part of the theat
rical patronage, it would be a serious in
convenience to have to set to the theater
any earlier than at present, and it is
asserted by some of the commentators,
with argument to back it, that a change
to the earlier hour suggested would cause
a change. in the character of the audi
ences and a falling off In attendance that
would not be satisfactory* to the managers
•fn the matter of finance. Members of one
trade that might be in some wise af
fected by tho change— that of serving the
after theater supper — are so far silent on
the subject.— PhiladelphJa Ledger.
We state only a fact in human history, but not with the
remotest expectation that it is imminent in this country. We
believe that the law-abiding American spirit : in the labor
unions will see clearly that moral victories should be. won by
moral means and that their results are permanent only when
so won. If the country were now furnished the spectacle of a
Chicago strike, involving three or four thousand men and the
welfare of about twenty thousand dependents upon them,
peacefully begun and carried on to a victory, the benefit to
union labor would be incalculable.
The peril to human life in Chicago now restrains people
from riding on the street cars.. Crews and passengers have
been assaulted, incurable wounds have been inflicted, distress
has been caused to hundreds. Does not any one see that the
people in Chicago, the public, the third party to the. contro
versy, is forbidden to demonstrate its sympathy with, the
cause of labor, because it quits the street cars under duress
and does not use them through fear? Withdraw all violence,
make a moral appeal to the third party, the public, and per
mit the people to give the moral answer by avoiding the cars
voluntarily, accepting inconvenience and loss as an ex
pression of sentiment,' and union labor would win a victory
transcending all that has ever been gained by violence, homi
cide and boycott combined.
To do this would be. American. It would be in line with
the spirit of our political institutions. It would leave the
law supreme over the rights of all. The experiment if ever
tried at all by union labor must be tried in a community like
Chicago. It must be in the midst of a population passionate,
eager and busy. If under such circumstances the moral ap
peal succeed the cause- of union labor is established. But if
the violent processes continue and,the third party, th'e people,
restrained by fear, submit sullenly to loss and inconvenience,
nothing is settled except the power.of a physical combination
to defy the law and substitute itself for government for the
time being. We insist that the experiment of a peaceful
strike of great magnitude is worth trying.
This incident and the current events in Chicago are in their
essence putting popular institutions on trial. Under our
system the law is the sole protection of human rights. s What
ever wrongs men suffer have their remedy in the law. .If
that remedy be withdrawn and the protection of the law fail,
then we have no Government at all. When that is estab
lished who will suffer? When the law is no longer sufficient
to protect personal and property rights, then only the strong
hand can get and keep. Where that condition has appeared
among men heretofore the combination of strong hands
has built a substitute for popular government, overthrown by
refusal to be mindful of the law. Under such a substitute the
weak, who in combination created the necessity, have been
the sufferers.
IN a great city like Chicago, with the majority of its peo
ple of alien birth, the preservation of public- order and
protection in the : peaceful enjoyment of the rights of
person and property become matters of national importance^
It is a field in which union labor has a peculiar opportunity"
to prove that all of its processes and the accomplishment of
a.11 of its great purposes are consistent with complete ; obe
dience to the law of the land.
The claims of union labor are moral claims. 'Their pur
pose is -to effect a proper balance in hours and. wages that
shall align with the higher standards of American life, which
exceed the standards of other countries. \\ As these are moral
claims their peaceful accomplishment is a moral victory. -But
is an advantage secured by violence, by the use of force, the
destruction of life and property, a moral victory? ¦[ This ques
tion will have to be soberly considered by the ; leaders' of
union labor.
Some of them made a mistake in the meeting of the Ameri
can'Federation in Boston by assailing President Roosevelt.
No one has answered his statement of the law, which forbids
that he discriminate between classes in Government employ
ment. The member at Boston who said that' every, man in
the convention under the same circumstances would have
done just as the Prcsident^did made a wholesome. statement,
for it meant that every one of them would'have been mindful
of his oath to enforce the law without discrimination. No
one contradicted it. No one denied that he would have acted
as the President acted. Therefore it is fair to assume that if
they pass condemnatory resolutions they will be censuring
the President for doing what they admit they would have
done themselves. k s ,» :
"Up jumps Blue Dick, with his gun al
ready drawred, an' everybody takes to
the timbers while he an* Popcorn fights It
out. Jes as the doctor was a-probln* Blue
Dick's innards for the lead, he ups an*
says, 'Well, I allus knowed that greaser
cuss was an enemy o' mine.' "
, " 'Good thing he's dead,' answers Ra
moan, sorter offhand. 'He was no good
anyhow.'
. ".'Hear about Blue Dick?' says the vic
tim. ¦ 'Dick's dead— back there on the
table.'
' ".'Dead; Just fell over back there on the
billiard table. [ Thought of takin' up a col
lection to bury him. Will you help out?'
"Back to the table went the customer,
lifted up the sheet an' looked for a mo
ment at : the calm, crooked nose of Blue
Dick, an' returnln' to the bar tosed a U
gold piece to the proprietor. 'There's my
share of the expense for burying the poor
devil. 'Good man, Blue Dick,' says he.
7 "Then up rose the corpse. When the
skeered customer had been some mollyfled
Blue Dick helped: him drink. up the five
that had been advanced toward the
funeral expenses. Shaking hands with
the man he knew to be his friend, Blue
Dick went back to the table aa a corpse.
"Then Popcorn Ramoan cum in.^
" 'Too bad about Blue Dick, ain't itr
said the proprietor of the Purity, heavin'
a heavy sigh.
- :*. 'What's the matter with Blue Dickr
says the customer.
"These here 'lections is purty good
things by which to caldlate a man's pop
ularity, but- 1 don't think they're alto
gether satlsfacory as _the ' scheme Blue
Dick engineered .up in Candalerla," said
Quartz Billings last night as he stirred
the "gum" thoroughly in a . glass ' of
"pizen," using his lean index finger for
the delicate operation.
Dick was a jlnulne bad man. so
bad that every time he made a sudden
move he pulled a gun on hisself— kinder
skeered of hisself, you know; "Well, one
day Blue Dick gets It inter his head that
he wasn't so popular as he'd like, so he
'puts up a job with the proprietor of the
Purity saloon so as to kinder separate his
friends from his enemies. ~
"Blue Dick climbed on the billiard table
in : the fear room of the Purity, crossed
his hands over his breast, an' the proprie
tor of the groggery tenderly covered him
over with a sheet.
"A minute later a customer was stand
ing at the bar. :;&SW&S¥8B8&gS?m
"Quarts'' on Popularity.
CAN STRIKES BE PEACEFUL?
Then we have the flattened epithelial
cells which are Joined together to form
the smallest, and most Important of the
blood vessels!" the capillaries. These tiny
tubes are the theater in which the great
Interchange 1* made— In which the blood
Rives up to the tissues Its nutrient mat
ter and takes up In exchange the pro^
ducts of tlEsue death and decay. ' In a
certain sense, perhaps the truest sense,
the heart, with all its wonderful powers,
the great arteries and the veins are all
merely appendages to the capillaries.
The epithelial cell Is the body's Jack-of
all trades.' It-protects the skin and some
of the internal tubes; it is , the great
manufacturer of the body— the producer
through whose efforts all the many fluids
are elaborated; It forms hair and 'nails
(in the animal horns and hoofs and beak)
and its countless millions of waving arms
throw out of the body certain waste and
foreign matters, the retention of which
would be dangerous. If not deadly. Shall
we deny it, then, a certain something
which may be called individuality, intel
ligence?
the blood stream, absorbs therefrom the
elements required to form the particular
substance it is to manufacture. After a
certain amount has been absorbed the
distended cell bursts open and pours forth
the completed product. These cells are
well called goblet cells, and. since ap
parently they never make the mistake
of secreting the wrong substance, It seems
hardly fair to deny to them a certain
amount of Intelligence. These cells are
found in many glands, in the intestinal
tract and other part* of the body. Other
varieties of epithelial, as well as goblet
cells, secrete fluids.
It is easy to advise a public assault, upon a tired; mother,
worried by the willfulness of an unruly child. She cannot
resist,' and while it is unmanly to strike or insult her it is
perfectly safe. But how about giving a publicly immoral and
indecent man a, bull's dose 'of the same medicine: ,
They learned a proper respect for the rights of others and
had notions of morality, that restrained them from shameless
and public exhibitions of sumptuous immorality. Whether
it was the slipper : or not men and women were reared to
morality and decency. While the public discipline of a child
is rare and is'to be avoided as long as it can be without
harming the child by teaching it irresponsibility for its acts,
there are other things :'showni in-public and flaunted before
the faces of young. and old which inflict lasting injury upon
morality. Will Candidate Hearst go so far as to advise that
when .public men and those who want to t>e set public exam
ples of indecency and immorality, it is the duty of the looker
on to go over and give the offender a good kicking?
THE SAN FKANCISCp CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1903.
THE SAN ERMqiSCQ ! CABI^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS>Prq?rigtor. . « y . . ¦»>.. Address All ; Commttnications ; to JOHN ] McNAffGHT; Manager
Publication Office. .. <!^^^^> ' ...\ Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SATURDAY . . . .". ... . . . . ; . . . ........... .': :\ .... . . . .....:;.. :. ...... . . . . . r.. . . . . '/$'/: i A . ;. .^NOVEMBER; 14, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8To-Day's S. F. News Letter.
Those who have been guessing about the ap
pointees under the coming administration of
Mayor SchmlU will find plenty of Information
in to-day's Issue of the San Francisco News
Letter, in which "Junlu»" gives a lot of Inside
The Looker On" department is better than
ever and do«*i not miss a bit of rosslp about
the prominent peode of San Francisco and
elsewhere. Some of the recent doings at Stan
ford are told of. and in addition there are
stories of well-known newspaper people, stage
S e and rt !u"ra1V Hf.!™ PrOmlDent ta lUcai '
The Manager's Views of H|« Stars" coa
talns\an Interview with the local theatrical
men who tell some interesting particulars of
the last stage appearance of John McCul lough
and give amusing anecdote* of other actors
and actrceses. * *
Society events are fully detailed in the News
letter, and Its literary, dramatic, financial and
Insurance columns are conducted by medalist*
In their respective lines. ; . - ' •
The automobile people look upon" the News
Letter as their representative paper in San
Francisco. *
Insolvent Saloon Man.
John' Clark, a laborer, formerly a sa
loon-keeper, residing In Benlcla, flle<J a
petition in Insolvency yesterday. He owes
$691 and has no assets.
Carto Jury Disagrees.
The jury before which was tried tho
contest of. the will of tho late Jean Mario
Carto disagreed ! In 9 of the
Superior Court late* Thursday . night Six
voted "to sustain the will and six- voted
to revoke probate proceedings. The.con
test was; brought, by Claire George and
nine other grandchildren; of the deceased
on the ; ground ¦ that. Mrs. . Carto was In-,
competent when she made a will be
queathing her $8000 estate to her -daugh
ter EllxaT.* Andrews of Seattle. She left
the contestants $5 ; each. .
' Do riot' accept an unknown and . un
proved substitute in place of well-known
and advertised 'articles.
A mass of copper ore weighing 1000
pounds will be eent to the St. Louis Ex
position by the Mountain Copper Com
pany.
The Treka Mining and Milling Company
has shut down Indefinitely.
The tunnel through the mountains from
Bear Creek to the Globe mines. In Trin
ity County, lacks 1000 feet of completion.
The tunnel is for the purpose of working
the Globe mine from the Bear Creek side.
There* is a deal of philosophy In what
the Mining and Scientific Press says
about the gold miners, as follows: !
Of all the industries affected by the pretsent
condition of the industrial world minim; feels
it most heavily, particularly iron. Copper and
coal mining:. Gold mining, however, continues
in iu even course almost unaffected by either
the prosperity or the reverses of the country.
If Industrial conditions generally are sluggish
and times are hard the grold miner profits by
It. If he Is already established in business
he can then buy machinery and supplies at a
comparatively low figure. If, however, he
desires to secure money to equip and develop
a new enterprise he usually finds difficulty In
raisins the necessary funds. When the coun
try Is prosperous, as It has been since the re
cent Spanish war, all supplies are high, and
machinery, particularly, is much more expen
elve than a few years a«x>. So heavy have
been the demands for structural Iron and stoel
that the iron mines have until lately scarcely
been able to keep ud with the constantly in
creasing demand. In view of thin condition
much old machinery has been remodeled into
new or has been melted In the furnaces to
supply material for constructing: new» machin
ery designed on modern lines. Gold always
finds a. ready market at a uniform price, and
no matter what the condition of the times
the cold miner feels secure.
A LARGE EXHIBIT.
a half from Hawkins school houso and 32 miles
east of Fre»no City. The material Is pale
olive preen, translucent, with darker spots
in a paler mass. It breaks with an uneven
fracture, slightly epllntery and partly crys
talline, and hence much resembles tho Sieki
you County material. The other locality Is
apparently not very distant from the last
mentioned. It is said to be In Tulare County,
near the town of Selma, which, though in
Fresno County, Is not far from the Tulare
line. Here the mineral Is of even a richer
color, at times resembling the tint of apple
preen chrysoprase, for which It wa« at first
mistaken.
"The work of the officers of, the asso
ciation Is one of fraternal love for each
other, as none are paid any salary."
'; During his stay here Captain Silva will
make- himself acquainted with the needs
of California and report to the Grand
Harbor. : .
The visit la to be one of Instruction to
.the visited harbors and of observation
by the visiting grand officer. The nrst
call will be on next Monday night to Cal
ifornia Harbor, which is the second larg
est in the United States, the largest be
ing Harbor No. 1 of New York, with a
membership of 3000.
The grand captain was in consultation
yesterday afternoon In one of the parlors
of the hotel with Captain Samuel Bonl
field of the Alcatraz, Captain W. M. Ran
dall of the tug Richmond and Captains
E. D. Parsons and Carl Ackerman, mas
ter mariners.
In speaking of the organization of
which' he is the head Captain. Sllva eaid:
"The association, which has a member
ship of a little more. than 10.000, distrib
uted In ninety-two harbors instituted in
all parts of tho Union, with a harbor each
in Honolulu, Manila, St. Michael and
Porto Rico, Is established for the protec
tion of Its members against injustice and
oppression; for the enactment of Federal
laws for the benefit of masters and pilots,
that their rights shall not be infringed
upon. Among laws to be presented at the
next session of Congress ,wlll be one
amending the present haw, so as to give
the right of appear from the local, in
spector to the supervising Inspector gen
eral; one to provide for a fixed load line,
bo as to prevent the overloading of ves
eels; another to limit the length ofrhaws
era to be used in towing In the harbor of
New York; still another to regulate the
dumping of garbage In New, York har
bor and extending the Hen law to masters
of vessels, that they may have the same
rights as ore now accorded to members
of the crew In the United States.
Captain John C. Silva, grand captain of
the Grand Harbor of the American As
sociation of Masters and Pilots, arrived
in this city yesterday morning from the
East and is at the Occidental Hotel.
He comes here to make an official visit
to California Harbor No. 15, composed of
those who are on deep water steamers,
and to Golden Gate Harbor No. 40, com
posed to those on Inland steamers, the
first official visit to this section of the
United States by a grand officer during
the eighteen years that the association
has been in existence.
The Head of' the American Associa
tion Here to Instruct and to
Observe.
MASTEES AND PILOTS ARE
TO RECEIVE GRAND CAPTAIN
It Is not really, indeed, a new mineral spe
cies, but a compact,' massive variety of vesu
vianlte (idocrase). It is a hard and hand
some stone, varying from olive to almost grass
green and taking a fine polish. The outcrop
is along 200 feet en a hillside, about 100 feet
above a creek. Large mafe*B have fallen into
the bed cf the creek. Some of the fallen
pieces arc as large as five feet square and two
Uft thick, of excellent quality for polishing
and of. varying shades from light- to dark
green. The associated rock ' Js precious ser
pentine. It was at first supposed to be jade,
but analysis proves It to be vesuvlanite. It
admits of as handsome a polish as jade. .The
mineral exists in large. quantities.
What appears to be the same mineral has
recently been announced from two other locali
ties quite remote from the first. One of these
was reported by that indefatigable prospector,
M. Bravertnan, of Vlsalla, as existing in
Burro Valley, in Fresno County, a mile and
The Mount Hope group of mines, near
Grizzly Flat, El Dorado County, Is re
ported to have been bought by the Sierra
Mining Company of Arizona.
State Mlnerald^Ist Aubury has received
from Professor George F. Kunz a descrip
tion of the new mineral that bears the
r.ame of Californite. This Is a new orndC
mental etone that was discovered In this
State. Kunz reports that It promises well
as an addition to the Increasing list of
semi-precious or ornamental stones .found
in the United States. The mineral was
discovered on the South Fork of Indian
Creek, twelve miles from Happy Camp
and ninety miles from Yreka, Slekiyou
County. The report follows:
THE NEW MINERAL.
R. M. Hotallng and others will open the
Armstrong mine, near Indian Gulch. Mar
iposa County. The Copper Hill mine, near
the Armstrong property, will also be re
opened.
A company has been organized In Utah
to operate In Mono County the Cluff.
Arthur, Sunshine, Eva, Hillside and
other claims neax Bodle.
Secretary Benjamin says that between
500 and 600 delegates are expected to at
tend the convention and that It will be
one of the most Interesting and important
ever held by the Miners* Association. The
reports of the president and secretary of
the association will also show, so the sec
retary says, that quiet and vigorous work
of the officers and committeemen of the
Miners' Association has saved the oil
lands of California and has brought in
hundreds of thousands of dollars of East
ern and foreign capital for Investment.
The headquarters of the association dur.
Ing tho convention will be at the Lick
House, where the delegates will register,
beginning Monday morning.
The Forty-nine mine plant. In Calaverag
County, has put In a steam plant, as
there was water power sufficient only to
keep the pumps running.
The Gambetta mine, at Grub Gulch,
Madera County, ¦will have twenty stamps
running eoon. when the machinery from
the Garibaldi mine. In Mariposa County,
is transferred to the new location at the
Gambotta.
DELEGATES NUMEROUS.
Makingr." by C. H. Dunton; "Crude Oil in the
Chlortnation Process." by E. C. Voorheis;
'"East Belt Formation," by W. II. McClin
trek; "The Oil Industry." by Dr. C. T. Dean;
"Kconomical Constructions for Compressed Air
Mining Plants." by E. A. Rix; "The Trans
portation of Ore r>y Wire Rope Carriers." by
K. Painter; "Mining: Locations," by W. S.
Keyes: "The Underground Transmission of
Ore." by J. B. TrfRloan.
He subsequently took up the practice
of his profession In this city and won an
enviable name at the local bar. Later he
went to Sacramento and stands in the
forefront of the bar of that city. He Is
a deep student of criminology and his ex
perience will stand him In good stead in
dealing with the lawless element within
the walls of Folsom prison.
Robert M. Fitzgerald, president of the
board, found It was imperative to hold
the meeting yesterday, as It was the only
Warden cf Folsom prison. Yell
will not be elected until next Wednesday,
when the board will meet at Folsom
prison.
TIjo new Warden is one of the best
known Democrats in the State. At pres
ent he holds the position of Assistant
District Attorney of Sacramento County.
He was born in Fayetteville, Ark. After
the war he came to this State and took
up his residence in Ukiah, Mendoclno
County. He practiced law there and was
elected District Attorney. He was also
the county's representative in the State
Senate and during- the two terms spent at
Sacramento he did a great deal of good
for his section. It was due to his efforts
that the Jnsane Asylum was established
at Uklah.
TUB Board of Prison Directors at
Its meeting et San Quentin yes
terday selected Archibald Yell to
succeed Thomas Wilkinson us
Owing to the'press of business the vari
ous bills that were to be audited yester
day were laid over "until to-day, when
the board will meet In the office of Robert
M. Fitzgerald and look over the accounts.
After luncheon the board took up the
discussion of appointing a successor to
Warden Wilkinson. The names of ex-Sher
iff J. SL Stanley of Mendoclno, Thomas
J. Fallen of San Rafael, U. S. Gregory of
Amador and ex-Supervisor Handley of
Lob Angeles were considered, In conjunc
tion with Archibald Yell of Sacramento.
After a prolonged discussion the board
unanimously selected Yell and he will b©
elected as stated. The board adjourned
at 3 o'clock.
Wilcox was prominent in Santa Clara
County, and ever since his Incarceration
In San Quentln every possible effort has
been made to get him out. At San Quen
tin he waa the most prominent and trust
ed Inmate there. He had been recom
mended several times to various Gover
nors for pardon, but without success, un
til Governor Pardee agreed on his parole
and eventually it is presumed will sign
his pardon. Several times Wilcox has
prevented dangerous riots and frustrated
p'.ans of escape. For such valuable ser
vices he was rewarded. He left for San
Jose to-night.
The applications for parole made by
life-termers Gllkey and Richards were de
nied, i
day his fellow members could be present.
Senator R. T. Devlin came down from
Sacramento to attend the meeting, Sena
tor C. N. Felton, James H. Wilkina and
Don Ray were also present.
The board held ao executive session in
the morning, when applications for pa
role were taken up and two of them
granted. The fortunate petitioners are
William Stanton, who was serving twen
ty-five years for murder in this second de
gree committed at Vallejo, and Charles
B. Wllcox sentenced for life for killing
a man duTing a political argument In San
Jose. Both had been In prison eleven
years.
ASSISTANT DISTRICT ATTORNEY
OF SACRAMENTO, WHO WILL
SUCCEED WARDEN WILKINSON.
Grand Jury Meeting.
The Grand Jury met yesterday, but
transacted no official business beyond dis
cussing in an informal way the shortage
in the probate department. The Grand
Jury Is now awaiting the report of the
experts on the matter.
Th<? twelfth annual convention of ths
Calif ::;ia MJaenf Association will be j
cpe.ifd on Monday next in Stcmwcy Hsll
at £3 Sutler street. The sessions will
c.^'Jir-ie Thro< days. This is the topic
that most concerns the miners at this
«iiite. In addition to the routine ma't-
U r?, roch a3 reports of committees and
the reading of set papers, ther« will be,
as aiuiou^eed by Edward IL Benjamin,
the secretary, several new xnntters to ba :
considered.
A If ifiiag announcement In this dlrec- '
tien is made by Secretary Eenjamin In
a circular letter, in which he writes: "It
is deemed advisable by a number of mem
bers of the association to take steps iia
ir.tiiateiy to stop, i* possible, the actions
cf the Anti-Debris Association in matters
jwriairdng to the regulation of hydraulic
ir.iniag. Where permits have be^n issued
by the Government commission."
Succeeding paragraphs in the same let
ter by Secretary Benjamin are as fol
kws:
It i* claimed Vy raar.r that the Autl-Debrls
As.*o-.-,aticn is Utrgeiy c-r the blackmail order,
end that min<>» are perinlueJ u» run that pay
trlt-ute to the s-p-«ji «f tiie association and tnat
legitiXEfitfc xc:r.«r? are estopped. Ix. is a'so ,
j-uijcsed to urge at the next session of ths i
J-> pisiature of this State arj'ropr.ations for the ;
ci:,» truci! cs of da:r.« ia various parts of the j
t&Utt* that will meienal'-y al4 in rehabilitating .
the Rre*i Industry of r.yiiraulic mining. An
ej"l;rorritt;cn cf J-Of'.OCf ha* be*n secured and
Ibe OovcnnMit er.K'-'i' <-rs are et the present |
vme ccKaeed m construct:!!* barriers lyf Yub* I
«'. tr.ty ut.!( h :t is huped wl'.i materially aid
the fcj Jrauilc miners la the regions behind
There art tr.ary c'Jttr place? ia the State j
vfcerc <!ami> <an be bulit that irill greatly aid ]
the ralnins ir.cuFtry asd it is purposed to urge i
thj* ms.ti.cr vigorously at the comlne oon»e=- j
New officers wiil be elected for the ecsuirg |
year ani new fcrr.rai'.tf^men will be appointed, j
necomraer.ilat'.crs will be si2.de for a revision I
of the present ccr.stitution and by-laws of the !
RfT'JciaU^n. preatly enlarging its sccpe and j
eboiishii^T some cf th« cumbersome features.
WEAVES CREEK VAX.
Allusion has already been made in The
Call to the rrnposiiion of the miners of
El Dorado county to dam Webber or
Weaver creek. This is one cf the mat
ters ihat will come before the iliaers* As
sociation during the convention. That
the subject may be understood as it is
3 resented by the El Dorado County Min
ers' Association, the substance of the re
port of the committee is published here
with, as ' '.'. <v.!~:
HyiJracllc r=!rir:g would be extensively re
nm«d wizjln th« area drained by Weaver
Creek »n<l i'.s fcmche* if eultatle provision j
coold be made for preventing the resulting de- j
t ri* from reaching the navigable rivers of the
fscrtmpr.'.o Vailcy. With the view of deter- J
rr.ir.iZK tlae feasibility of th« erection of such a I
terrier in Weaver Cre«>k as would successfully j
bitng about this r**u!t, your committee has |
rr.a<3e careful examination of a eite for a dam
cm that creek which is admirably adapted to
en eh purpose.
At the Junction of H&ngtown Creek with J
¦Weaver Creek thfre Is a flat, or valley, which j
«5.ter.ds dura Weaver Creek for nearly one
ir.ilfc. and Is about one-half mil* in width, form
inp a basin of flatiand but little above the
l*>ve! cf high water in the creek. At Its lower
fr.A this basin is inclused by abrupt hills,
through which the creek maices its way Jn a
rteep canyon or rorpe of bard metamorphlc I
r<-<-k, "..«• -•.•-¦ an ideal eite for a dam acroes
the stream, a considerable portion of which
has b**en already constructed by nature, which
bas also pro\~ided an abundance of material
clo^e at hand and of the best quality for its
completion.
Tour committee estimates that a dam con
structed at this p?ist 50 feet in height would
tack water up Weaver Creek for abcut one
rri>. and thct it would have an average width
cf abcut one-half mile, thus "covering an area
> r . at '.cast 220 acres, aad having a capacity
ivhen BUed of more than 12,0«W.O» cubic yards
('. mcunal. Inasmuch as the dam would be
several n-.iies down the creek from where the
pr;cc:p*J mining- operations would be carried
on and the coarser part of the dlslo'ged ma
terial would never reach the Kite of the dam.
}-our committee believes It safe to assume that
puch a dam would provide for the dislodge
merit of at Iea*t 50.00«\<y«0 cubic yards of ma
terial as it now II** in the banks to be mined
and would impound and restrain the came
above the proposed harrier for all time to come.
The land that would be inundated ty the
criFtruction of the dam is mostly rolned-cff
bedrock, not fit for cultivation and r>f but lit
tle value, end without doubt the title to th«
feme can be acquired for a moderate coneldera-
COST IS ESTIMATED.
• From such pxdJaZtBaiy estimates as we have
been able tr, make in the limited time allowed
.f"r our work, your committee •« of the opinion
that the *am of $25,000, Judiciously expanded,
would *ufnce for the complete contraction cf
fv.ch a r»>*tralnin«r harrier, and for securing
the title to all the lands to be inundated there
»y. which lands, when finally filled up with
.th» fine detritus of the mine*. Troir,<i have a i
vf-ry coriftdoraWa value for purpc-s^s of cultl-
•
Y<>ur committe* firmly b<>!lev^s thst the wm.
Ftrurtlon of euch sn impounding <1am. above
*hirh nil owners of mine? could afterward op
erate without the fear of Iocs or damage to
tr-Hr neighbor* of the vsl>ys b«>low, would re
eult in a largely in^rea*ed production of gold
in thit? dirtrict and be of material and bmins;
boneflt to th» <-ltiz«-ns of our county and State
end the country »t large.
Th«* programme for the miners' con
vention has been chanced somewhat. As
f:nrJly made up it ombracrs an addre.=s
of welcome by Oovorr.nr Pardee; an afl
<^w by Mayer Schir.itz in behalf of San
Francisco; addrcppes by President David
Ftarr Jordan and Pn»Eidrnt Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, representing the Starford Uni
versity and the University of California,
«f"l a-lso papers relating to the mining
Industry, among which the following are
announced:
'•CyaniiJing; Concentrates," by Professor S
n. Christy; "The Storage cf Water for Min
ing Purposes." by Mark B. Kerr; '"The Mother
I>od#» of California j n Central Amador Couaty."
by ,tV. H. Ftcrms; '•Modern Mint Methods,"
l.y V. II. Leach. ruDfrintendent of I'nlted
. P:ates Mint; "••TIk Heftnine of California Crude
J:!." by B. C. Ir\lne: "Th» Gold Dredging In
ri'iFtry." by Fratik Griffin; "Modern Milling
IJ'thrxiF," hy J. C. Kr.mp Van Ee: "Slate
According to Saldanha the Hindoos put
themselves on an equality with the ani
mals of their towns. Should a foreigner
enter the house of a Hindoo he would
probably be somewhat surprised to see
the family seated at the evening meal
with a band of monkeys clambering over
the table for delicacies, a pet camel- coiled
tjp before the hearth or a young' elephant
or two going through kittenish antics.
Mr. Saldanha's remarks, which were
both interesting and instructive, were
given under' the auspices of the British
and American Union. The attendance
was large, and the speaker's wit i and
humor caused much ; laughter and ap
plause.
¦ AVhen a miscreant is arrested for a misde
meanor or minor offense. Instead of being sen
tenced to a certain period of confinement he i«
placed in the insect ward in order that the
poor little creatures may not starve.
An interesting lecture on the unlqu9
customs and institutions of the natives of
India was "given last evening in Academy
of Sciences .Hall by, C. F. Saldaiha, late
of the University of Bombay. Mr. Sai
danha is a native of India and appeared
in Oriental costume. Hla remarks were
illustrated by a valuable collection of
stereopticon views, which gave a good
idea of the customs and mode of living of
the modern Hindoo. In particular the
speaker pointed out the- kind-heartedness
of the race. In speaking of their kindness
to animals he said:
In the small towns of India there are erected
what are known as animal hospital*. These
establishments are for the purpose of carins
for animals of all descriptions and sizes. In
one ward you will find elephants. In another
camels, and so on. There Is even a ward for
insects. When a Hindoo 'finds that he is a
victim of flea3 or other troublesome insects.
Instead of killing the tormentor, he carries it
gently to the hospital, where it is well cared
tor.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Sophie McNulty from James
McNulty for neglect, Augusta Baker
from Dr. Almyron Baker for desertion,
Clara M. Sheridan from Matthew Sheri
dan for neglect.
Desertion is charged in the complaint
filed by Bertha Long against John T.
Long. Mrs. Long alleges that her hus
band abandoned her in .August -of- last
year, just seven years after her marriage
to him. Since tha^ time, she says, he has
not supplied her 'with th3 necessaries of
life, though amply able to do so. He
earns, she avers,. $300 a month, and she
asks the court to grant her a divorce and
to compel hlnj to pay her $150 a month
alimony. ._
Desertion is charged in the complaint
filed by ¦ Clara D. Cowell against Henry
C. B. Cowell, and Martin Hobbs against
Lulu Hobbs.
Mary R. Leibert of 259 Clinton park is
seeking a divorce from George B. Lei
bert on the ground of neglect. She says
that though he earns $180 a month he
does not provide for her or their four
children. They were married fifteen
years ago.
Jn accordance with his usual custom,
Judge Graham yesterday rehised to grant
a divorce on first hearing to two couples
with large families. He continued both
cases for a month, advising: the litigants
as they left the court to try to settle ttieir
differences and become reconciled. The
cases were those of Mary Clark against
James Clark and James McCormick
against Kate McCormick. The darks
have six children, the youngest of whom
Is still -a babe in arms andithe eldest a
girl of 10 years. They are all puny, sick
ly looking children, and their appearance
in court, dressed almost in rags— four
with the father and two with the mother
—presented such a sad spectacle that the
court refused to consider the mother's
plea for a divorce and lectured her on
the advisability of trying to get along
with her husband. He also gave the
father a lecture and then made an or
der committing four of the children to an
institution pending the result of his ef
forts to bring the Clarks together again.
When the McCormick case was called
Mrs. McCormick, who is the defendant in
the action and the mother of three chil
dren, announced her willingness to for
give and forget. Her husband, however,
remained obdurate and refused to accept
her offer to "kiss and make up." The
case was continued.
J. O. Klewish, sometimes known as J.
O. Lewis and also known as G. Lowie,
is the defendant in the suit for divorce
brought by C. Klewish, also known as
Mrs. Lewis and Mrs. Lowle. The charge
ia cruelty. She says her husband is a
man with an uncontrollable temper and
that on the night of October 18, 1902, he
drove her and her 11-year-old child out
of the house and compelled her to seek
refuge with a friend. She also says that
In June of this year he threatened to kill
her with a beer bottle. They were mar
ried at San Rafael May 14, 1901. i Prior to
the marriage Mrs. Klewish was Mrs.
Coover, and she wants permission to re
sume that name.
Louisa Wilkinson wants a divorce from
W. J. Wilkinson on the ground of cru
elty. She says she suffers great mental
agony because Wilkinson cruelly mis
treats her three daughters by a former
marriage. According to her complaint
he choked Annie, her eldest daughter,
Beveral times last year, and in No
vember of this year he attempted to beat
her daughter Frances, and cursed Annie
when she interfered.
I: Is Expected That Delegates
Will Indulge in Lively
Because of Children He
Refuses to Grant
Divorce.
Large Audience Listens to an
Interesting Talk on a
Primitive Race.
Annual Convention Be
gins Next Monday
in This City.
O. F. Saldanha, a Native
of the Tells
of His People. .
Judge Graham Advises
Couples to Settle ' j
Differences.
Archibald Yell, Assistant District Attorney of Sacramento,
Is Its Unanimous Choice for Warden of Folsom Prison
and Wiil Be Elected to the Place at the Next Meeting
HINDOO SPEAKS
ABDUT INDIA
COURT FAVORS
OLIVE BRANCH
MINERS' GAVEL
ABOUT TO DROP
PRISON BOARD SELECTS
WILKINSON'S SUCCESSOR
THE SAN FRAjSCISCO CALIv SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1903.
9
POSTTJM CEHEAI-.
LOOKED INTO IT
Foxind What Ck)fFe« "Was Quietly
Doing.
A rr.a.a made certain that coffee waa the
rtal cause of his kidney trouble and se-
vere backaches. He saye: "For fifteen
years I have been a coffee drinker, and
finally I proved to my own satisfaction
that the abominable stuff not only started
my kidr-cy disease, but was rapidly mak-
ing me sick all over.
"My tack used to pain and ache terri-
bly, and my wife was affected much the
pane way. A short time ago I became
very ill. I ordered coffee banished from
the house and began to drink Postum in
its place.
"We all began to Improve immediately
and to feel as though we had taken a new
lease on lift-. We kept on improving until
Postum has made us well and healthy
where coffee made us sick. Our back-
aches are gone and other troubles too,
thanks to Postum in place of coffee."
Name given l»y Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
Coffee is a strong diuretic irritant and
jjffects the kidneys in a great many cases
jMere It is not even suspected. If you
value health and a sound body the wiss
thing to do would be ta quit coilee and
give Postum a. ' fair trial of gay two
weeks. There's a reason.
Look in each package for a copy of the
famous little book, "The Road to Well-
riUt."
AMUSEMENTS.
matineiTto-day.
Evening* at 8; Mat. Wed. and Sat at 8.
SEATS NOW READY
Tax All Eemalalntr Performances.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
' K1.&.W and EBLAITQES'S
Stupendous Production of General Wallace" j
"BEN HUR"
Dramatized by William Young — Music by Ed-
gar Stlllman Kelley.
Next Monday— Third Week ot "BEN HUR."
MATINEE~TO-DAY.
To-night and Sunday — Last Time*.
imamc musicai, pantasy,
THK
A RBAL BEAUTY CHORUS.
NEXT MONDAY Charles Frohman Presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
. . In A. W. Pinero's Masterpiece.
The Most Talked of Play In the Past Decade.
SEATS ITOW BEADT.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, Nov. 14.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE!
Bellman and Moore; . Warren and
Blanchard; Jack* Theo Trio; Phil
and Nettie Peters and the "Village
Choir" Quartette. Last times of
Max Waldon; Olivette; The Two
Roses; Golemon's Dogs and Cats
and the Ingleside Automobile
Races shown in Motion Pictures.
AT sH A T A Tl Belsseo * Mayer.
ALCAZAR Bass
General Manager.
"The XTew Alcazar Company Has Made
Good In Every Flay." — Haws letter.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAY and SUNDAY.
SHOUTS! SHRIEKS! SCREAMS'.
The Private -.
f Only
Secretary. §£.,
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Mats. Rat. & Sun., 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— First Time in This City,
The New York and London Success,
THE CLUB'S BABY.
A Comedy Convulsion In Three Spasms.
Market street. Near Eighth. . Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT — TWO LAST NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY and TO-MORROW.
Stockwell's Mammoth Production of
Uncle Tom's Cabin
DDirCC EVENINGS 10c to 50c
ifilWEo MATINEES 10c» 15c. 25s
MONDAY. November 1©— The Gorgeous
Spectacle. "UNDER THE POLAR STAR."
Introducing, First Time in the United States.
Esquimaux and Esquimaux Dogs of KoltchofTa
Arctic and Alaskan Exhibit, en route to St.
Louis World's Fair.
PIANO RECITAL
ANGELUS PIANO FLAYER.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14th, AT 3 P. M.
IN "STEIN WAY HALL,
Another Piano JRecital < will be tfvea by Mr.
Perctval K. Van Yorx, with the aid of
...THE AIMCELUS....
Soloist: MISS DAISY COHN. Soprano. -
Complimentary tickets may be. secured at bur
store any time before . the - recital.
:\': SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. .
• -Kearny and Sutter Sts.. San Francisco.
[ Paiarp dont fail to
laiavy see t^ beautiful
j COURT Lopjiging
HHfl room, the EMPIRE
tt ! IU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
linWfl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuiiu LOR^ andithe LA .
U "diiZ DIESV WRITING
Hotels room
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'{economical!
HOUSEKEEPERS:;
,';!_ _u s e — : — !;
IjWalterBakersJ
Cocoa and Chocolate;:
Because they yield THE<|
MOST and BEST FOr!|
Jt h e m one yl;
« •
I I
I TXADf-MARK I
<! the Finest Cocoa in the World]*
f Costs less than One Cent a Cup !|
( Our Choice Recipe Book, «ent fres, will tell yon J -
{ how to make Fudge and a great Tarlety of dainty \
} dlshu from our Cocoa and Chocolate. ',
,| ; j»
j Walter Baker & Co. Ltd.]!
< ( ESTABLISHED 1780 . ( >
S DORCHESTER, MASS. l[
I A ft HIGH EST AWARDS IN !'
¦I, *»U EUROPE AND AMERICA >
I i
GENERAL~CHARLES KING
HIS LATEST SUCCESS
An Apache Princess
NOW READY \ . :'
. - . iLf. »OO«lILLIt« OB
THE, HOBART CO.. NEW YORK CITY
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL !
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK,
i EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. S P. M.: SAT-
URDAY. 3 P. M.
SUNDAY.. 2:30 P. M.
SEATTLE vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
. Advance Sale. 5 Stockton st.
Racip§!il!p^Raci!)fr!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
. . Commencing November. 14. , . _- -
Racing: Each Week Day, Rain or Shfne.
Six or More k aces Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp. *
For special trains stopping at the track talf*
S P. . Ferry, f foot of Market street,, at , 12.
12:30,1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking: In
' last ' two . cars, which . are reserved for ladles
and their escorts." .: ¦ f '-"••'
•; Returning, trains leave track at , 4 :15 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President. ¦
, PERCY ', W. TREAT, Secretary. . -..•_;..
MISCElTjAireOPS AMTTSEMEWTB. '
ANNUAL STAB ¦- COUKSE OP EIITEK,-
TAINMEirrs, T. M. C. A^-Phil Hunter.
-" Co.,' Clara 'Morris, Flsk Jubilee Singers, Bob
Burdette, Frances Hughes Co.; Mozart Sym-
i- phony." Club, • etc. : Course ; tickets and , re-
served seats now on sale.
AOT7SZ2£E2riS.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
November 14 and 15.
First run-down en Saturday. bearinnlsK at. ~
11:30 o'clock sharp. Sunday coursing will be-
gin at 1O:3O sharo and continue till Use win- -
nlng flag: goes up. . *
TOTAL PRIZES -$860
All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero '
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TIERN'ET, Judx*.
EDWARD 8KORTSTAG. Slipper. i
I I VULI HOUSEv
TO-NIGHT
Last of Puccini's Tragic Opera, .
"TOSCA."
To-day's Matinee and Sunday Night.
Verdi's Ever Popular I"*
"IL TROVATOBE."
STEINDOSFP SIGHT ' ¦".',
"Will Be on Monday Eveninst Next. Novem-
ber 18.
NEXT WEEK— First American Production I
of "Zaza," alternating with "Purltaiil." - c"i
PRICES AS USUAL— 25c. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
..CALIFORNIA..!
BRING THE CHILDREN TO-DAY.
Last Time To-night.
HERRMANN
THE GRE/\T. - o
Accompanied by the Military Musicians,
THE LASKYS.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
ROSE MELVILLE, the Original SiS HOPKIHS -
First Time Here. Seats SeUins Fast.
•There ain't no sense In doin' nuthln'
for nobody what never done nuthln* for
you-"
EVEBY I ETESY
CHILD. I- XOTHEB,
"Yes," and every father should coma t» the ; -
MATINEB TO-DAY
¦ To see the funny
I RUBES AND ROSES |
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including: ¦ :j
KOLB AND DILL
BARNEY BERNARD.
W1NFIELD BLAKE.
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGLV O*RAMBY. :<
BEN T. DILLON. nt«fi\ !
MATINEE ON THANKSG1 V IXtX * -""I.
Getting Ready for "I — O — U." ¦ -:-
LEV WEILS.
CTTEESr. STOWE fcnd PESLY,
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATEB.
SEE THE COLORED BAEY IN THE INFANT n
INCUBATOR. '.f
ETUASBTAS XZT TBX ZOOt
: Iiot« of run to tho Wax Arcadfc ; •
VISIT T HE ~ —
"MYSTIC M1RS0B MAZ3J.*
When raonlss Ask for "The Chut**** . n
Double the Usual Number
of Green Trading Stamps
Given With All Purchases
Every department in the store offers unusual attractions for this
great shopping day.
Linens, Blankets, Blade and Colored Dress Goods, Millinery, Women's
Cloaks and Suits, Holiday Novelties, Toys, Men's and Boys* Suits and
Furnishings.
8- 1250 MARKET STi«****Julius S. Godeau, the undertaker, was
sued for $10,000 damages - yesterday by
Stanley Reynolds. The suit, is the out
come of a auarrel between the two at
Godeau's nlace of business at 305 Mont
gomery avenue on the 3d lnst., when, as
Reynolds alleges. Godeau maliciously
assaulted him. Reynolds says he was
employed by Godeau and went to the
latter's office in response to a telephone
message to call and get the balance of
his salary. He claims that; he had Just
entered the office when the latter, threw
his left arm around his neck ana severely
beat him. He also says that ; Godeau
threw a weight at him that i struck ¦ him
upon the wrjst. . ..S--
Says Godeau Gave Him Beating.
Steamer. 1 From j Due.
Can Mateo... iraeoma Xov 14
Montara I Seattle N O v' 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Nov! 14
Cnlco Coqullle River Nov. 14
S.Barbara... San Pedro Nov 14
G. Lindauer.. Portland Nov" 14
Redordo Humboldt N'ov' 14
Chehalis Grays Harbor [n O v' 14
Coos Bay San Pedro & War PorUINov. 14
Phoenix Mendocino Nov 15
Czarira Coos Eay Xov" it
Wyefleld Nanaimo V ov * it
Pomona Humboldt INov' IB
Columbia Portland & Astoria jNov" i«
6. Monica 6an Pedro Nov 17
Nevadan Honolulu iv O v it
Gaelic Oliina & Japan " I Nov' IV
Del Norte Crescent City |Nov' i«
North Fork... Humboldt Xov" is
£° nlt * Newport & Way Porta.|Nov." is
R*iniw Seattle & Whateom |n O v i s i
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports ]Xov is
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports. INov. 18
City Sydney. . New York via. Panama Nov 10
Corona Humboldt Xov 13
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Nov* la
Rival .-. Willapa Harbor Nov" in
Santa Roea... Fan Diego &. Way Ports Nov" 19
Nlcaria. Seattle IN OV 20
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Nov 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Nov* 22
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma .... Nov' 22
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Nov 22
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 22
Marfposa Tahiti Nov. 23
£"**= Puiret Sound Ports Nov. 23
H. K. Maru... China & Japan ..INov. 24
Ala-aeda JHonolulu JN OV "i
Friday, November 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. • '
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Ore
goo Railroad and Navigation Co.
BAILED.
Friday, November 13.
Stmr Bonita, Alberts, San Pedro.
Stmr Newburg, AnfindEen. Grays Harbor
Stmr Gipsy, Lel&nd. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Iaqua, Joreenson, San Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia. Thompson, Willapa Harbor
Br ship Dundonald, Milne, Bristol.'
Friday, November 13.
Etmr Corona, Eagles, 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr City ot Puebla, Jepsen, 56 hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Sequoia, "Winkel, 11 hours from Mon
terey, i
Stmr Colon; Irvine, 24 days from Panama,
via San Bias 6 days 21 hours.
Stmr Iaqua. Jorarensen. 24 hours from Eu
reka; bound south: put in to land passengers
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka"
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 44 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Edith, Hall, 7 days 22 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Chas Nelson, from Astoria; picked up
at eea in waterlogged condition by stmr Edith
and towed to San Francisco.
U S itmr Alert, Kimball. from sea.
U S stmr Iris, Foss, from Manila, via Hono
lulu; up river direct.
Br shin Wayfarer, Tupman, 152 days from
Antwerp.
Fr bark General Foy, Breuille, 6S days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Confianza. Frenz, 5 days from Notleys
Schr Ida A, Beck. 6 hours from Point Reye«'
Schr Western Home. Lembke, 9 days from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
TO AKIUVE.
movements of Steamers.
Frank Chance Is the latest Calif ornian
to arrive from his Eastern triumphs.
Chance got in the other night, " looking as
¦well as of yore. He had a successful sea
aon ,as captain, and first 1 baseman ot . the
Chicago Nationals. He has already been
signed to • play the initial bag for the
Windy City team next year/v 1
tieinK some more stars to the land of the
orange there is a grave possibility the
Jennant of 1904 will also belong to the
southern gentleman.
Undo Harris has not commenced to talk
bu«iness yet, or if he has It has all been
done quietly. Uncle will surely have to
annex the signatures of a tew fast men
to his salary roll before they are all
taken up. Of course, Uncle will not take
any more chances such as he did at the
opening of this season. San Francisco
wants a pennant winning team next year,
or if not one that will be In the running
all the time. . i
There are a great many ballplayers
wintering in and about San Francisco and
some of them may be signed for, the
Coast League. Big Bill Everett, the old
Chicago third, baseman, has been looking
the ground over for a few weeks past
and In all probability he will not be
averse to become . a member of some
Coast League team next year. Bill is not
as young, as he was a few years ago, but
still he can field a little and can line out
the fast ones nearly as well as ever.
If we get two; more clubs in the league
next year it won't be a simple task to get
hold of enough fast ballplayers to go
around. Salaries out here are bound to
go up in the event of an eight-club
league and it may : be necessary for the
magnates to invade the two major or
ganizations in order to secure men who
are competent. to deliver the goods In a
community where fast ball must . be
served up. . . . .
Continued From Page 7, Column 2.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Iyjw Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tide
U the tame at both places.
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 14.
8un rises 6-50
Bun sets ...4:59
Moon rises 1:47 a. m,
O jTimej (Time) Tlme| Time
£ j 1 Ft. 1 Ft. : 1 Ft. Ft.
34 I 0:57 1.1 7:39! 5.5! 1:08 1.41 8:12 4.C
15 I 1:50 1.3 8:24 6.7 2:43 0.8 9:20 4 7
J6 | 2:37 1.7; 8:O6j 5.9| 3:31 O.3'l0:21 4.8
17 I 3:21 2.0 6:4fi| 6.01 4:18—0.2 11:14 4.9
18 ! 4:O4 2.3'1O:25] 6.0l 5:02 — O.5
JH W |L. W [H W Is W
19 I 0:01 4.0; 4:45, 2.5,11:02! 5.9 5:45—0.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives tne last tide of tbe
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
tign precedes the height, and then the number
fiven la subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The place of reference Is the mean
ot tt« lower low water..
The rocks marked doubtful on Hydrographlc
Office chart No. 629. in latitude N 32 deg 50
min., longitude E 140 deg., were not seen ' al
though the ehip passed cloee to that position
;i J- C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. X., in charge.
Captain M. B. Buford of the United States
army transport Thomas report* to the Branch
Hydrographlc Office that at 3 a. m. on Octo
ber 20. 1903, he sighted a rock 40 to 50 feet
high and 200 to 300 feet long, east and west
in latitude N 32 deg. 44 min.. longitude E
139 deg. 41 min. The night was quite dark
and no outlying rocks could be seen.
Notice to Mariners.
FAST PLAYERS REQUIRED
W T Tucker, who was convicted by
Police Judge Mogan on Thursday on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement,
was sentenced yesterday to spend twenty
days in the County Jail. He represented
to J. Arnette, barber, 202 Duncan street,
that he was the secretary of the Bar
bers' Union, and Arnette paid him the
initiation fee. Tucker spent the money
on liquor.
Impersonates a Secretary.
The steamer Queen sailed on Thursday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the port of destination and the
principal British Columbian ports, valued at
$12,065. and including the following: 851 pkga
freoh fruits. 40 pkgs fresh vegetables, 40 MS
lbs 16 cs dried fruit, 13.152 lbs raisins. 200
lbs ham, 20,080 lbs oil cake meal. 3 cs fresh
oysters, 13 bxs cheese, 250 lbs bread, 43 630
lbs malt, 5753 lbs beans, 1232 lbs coffee SS6&
lbs chocolate, 215 gale 3 cs wine, 256* gals
cocoanut oil, 14 pkgs groceries' and provisions
79 cs canned goods, 430 Jbs sugar, 2S2S lbs
nuts. 1 cs hau, 5 cs electrical aupplies 407
lbs leaf tobacco, 2 flaeks quicksilver, 3 bales
leather, 7199 lbs sheet lead, 7 pigs tin 5 pkgs
paints and oils, 100 rolls paper, 6 cts' sewlns
machlr.es, 21 cs arms and ammunition.
Exports to th© North.
Tho members of the quartet are G.
Minetti, first violin; E. B. Lada, second
violin; C. Trainer, viols; A Weiss, ,'cello.
Besides the numbers rendered by the
quartet, Miss Grace' Freeman, violinist,
played neveral Spanish dances. ' She' was
accompanied by Henry Salz on the piano.
D Major Quartet," op. 64, No. 5, allegro mod
erato, adagio cantabllo, raenuetto allegretto
finale vivace (Joseph Haydn); (a) Canzonetta
(Mendelssohn), (b) Aria (Bach); (a) Adagio
Pathetlque (Goddard) : Piano Quintet, op. 30
allegro vivace, adagio, sherzo, allegro' con
BDirito (Goldmark).
The entertainment was in the form of
a concert by the Minetti string quartet
of San Francisco. The programme
throughout was splendidly rendered and
each number was roundly applauded.
Considering <he high class of music to
be rendered, the attendance at the open
ing of the concert was remarkably small,
although all the seats had been sold.
George Mullin, chairman of the entertain
ment committee, made a short address,
explaining that in consideration of the
large amount of money expended in giv
ing the entertainments it was not right
that tho fjrtists should play to empty
houses and that in future those who
bought tickets and who did not wish to
attend would confer a favor upon the
association by presenting their passes to
friends who would enjoy the entertain
ments. Mr. Mullin's remarks were loud
ly applauded. Later on in the evening,
however, the" attendance increased until
there was standing room only.
The programme was as follows:
The first of a series of entertainments
known "as the Star course, to be given
by the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion, ,'took place last evening in the audi
torium of the association building.
Violinists Play Beautiful Selections
to Crowded House of Music-
I<oving People.
MINETTI STBING QUARTET
GIVES INITIAL CONCEBT
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The rate of reinsurance on the Parts was
advanced yesterday to 25 per cent. Tbtre
was no change in the rates of the other over
dues, which remain as follows: Daisy 85
per cent; Flfeshire. £5 per cent, and Char
lonus. 10 per cent.
Bates.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The following
Californians are registered at the hotels
here: San Francisco— V. G. HIrsh, at the
Murray Hill; W. M. Newhall, at the Man
hattan; J. Richards, at the Hotel Well
ington; W. E. C. Roberts, at the Impe
rial; H. Shanwood and wife. Miss Wray,
at the Netherland; W. D. Clark and wife,
at the Holland; J. Matheson, at the Hoff
man; H. A. Schulze, C. H. Gray, at the
Manhattan: W. A. Richardson, at the
Navarre.
Californians in New York.
The British ship Scottish Moom, at Tacoma,
is chartered for wheat and barley thence to
Europe at 16s 3d.
The bark R. P. Rithet returns to Honolulu
¦with general cargo, and the French ship La
fayette proceeds in ballast to Newcastle, Aus
tralia.
The bark Oregon ha» been eold to R. Dun«
tnulr's Sons Company for $6300.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The California Coursing Committee has
decided to increase the . list , of liniments
which may be used on greyhounds: | In
addition to witchhazel, which is outlawed
at present, alcohol, arnica and. some
standard liniments may be used.' /
The committee refused : to modify: its
ruling of last month in the case of H. H.
Lyon of Los Angeles.
The rundown of the open stake at Ingle
side Coursing Park. will commence to-day
at 12 o'clock. The coursing will be re
sumed to-morrow ; at 10:30 o'clock. The
likely winners look' to be:.
¦ Trotting Bob, Mountain Poet, Sofala, Bob R,
Pasha Pleasant, Equator,' Boots, Black Coon,
Encore, Young Fearless, Little Lucy, ' Prome
theuB. Onwarl Maude, Queen's - Motto, Miss
Wilson, Cremo, Clobefell, Royal Friend, Pure
Pearl, Firm Fellow, Slskiyou, Belfast, Cuban
ola, Fenli, Don Pedro, Reta S, Linda Vista,
Braws Hill, Sllevenamon, Young Klamath,
Golden Rule, Concord Boy, Lily Wright, Money
MuEk, Tobasco Bob, False Alarm. Real Duch
ess. Cornlque. Bonnie Hughte. Lady Menlo, Vi
king, ¦: Hesper, Homer Boy. Special. Colored
Lady, Little Plunger, Doc Burns, . Little : Mercy.
P. J. Horgan has sold Irvington Tralee,'
the California Futurity winner, together
with Duhallow, to Pat Reilly.
The running at Union Coursing Park
to-morrow will commence at 10 o'clock,
the puppies going to the slips first. The
dogs in the open stake will :go to the
park on the first special train at' 10:15
o'clock. There are eighty-eight courses
In all to be decided. The likely winners
look to be:
Puppy stake— Fiddler, Nora - Hill, Gunpow
der, Rlchochet, Blue Craig, Flnoola, Rosa Tree,
Frank Dunn, Fair .Stone, Tralee Maid, Fina
Thoughts, Tralee Lass.
Open stake — Articulate, Bonnie Pasha, Don
nybrook, Vandal, Melllnwood, - Renegade
Apache, Young . Johnny Rex, < Redwood Lad,
Duhallow, SemDronius, Otto, Vina, Conroy.
Glancing Pasha, Game Boy, Barge, Reno, Kit
tleman, Liberator, • Consort, Snapper Garrison.
Mi Amlgo, Hurry ¦ On, Frisky Boy, Pepper
Jack, Rubber Ankles, Tralee Boy, Flora Belle,
Ragtime, Irvington Tralee, J E H, Van Nora.
P. J. Reilly, who judged the Waterloo
and other meetings on the circuit recent
ly, has returned home. He found cours
ing popular in the Middle West, although
inclement weather spoiled the principal
meetings.
James Sweeney has purchased Grace
Greenwood, by War Cloud-Helen Doug
las. She won five stakes last year. She
Is entered at Union Park this week.
W. D. Turner of St. Louis is endeavor
ing to arrange an international stake for
the World's Fair next year. He proposes
a thirty-two dog stake, $100 entrance fee..
He has assurances from, three English
owners that they wMl be represented.
Michael Allen of Chicago is looking for
suitable ground In the Windy City in
which to start a coursing park. Three
thousand spectators attended a small
meet there recently and enjoyed the novel
eport. . ¦ .
E. M. Kellogg's name will appear again
in California programmes, as he is send
ing ten greyhounds on from Iowa.
J. J. Lavin of St. Louis will be repre
sented by Rolla Wells and others.
ern Express, winner of last year's Fu
turity and winner of the "Waterloo
"purse" this year. With him will come
Celtic, winner of the Waterloo "plate";
Cloudburst, Charming Thought, Confi
dence, Comstoek, Black Boy and Clear
the Way.
J. V. C. Comfort, agent here for the China
Commercial Company, is at llanzanillo su
perintending the construction of quarantine
barracks to be used for the detention of the
Chinese passengers his company expects to
take to the Mexican port. Comfort expects
to return here in about two weeks.
Building Detention Barracks.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1. e- at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroi^-aphic' Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
November 13, 1003.
Continued From Page 7, Column 1.
According to the officers of the CoJoa the
United States monitor Wyoming reached Aca
pulco from thii port ¦with only twenty-four
tons of coal in her bunkers. Fortunately for
the coast defense vessel fine weather was en
countered, otherwise Uncle Sam's latest fight
ing machine would have been obliged to end
h?r first real 'pea trip in tow of the ilar
fclehead or Concord.
Monitor Runs Short of Coal.
Steamer. | For. | Sails.
City Seattle.. Ekaeway & Way Ports. [Nov. 14
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Nov. l«
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 16
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 19
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 10
Al-Ki Skagway & Way Ports. |Nov. 20
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. [Nov. 24
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. | Nov. 27
LEASHMEN FIND FIELD.
Assessor Dodge filed his statement of
expenses of his campaign showing that
he expended the sum of $1564 35 to be re
elected, $960 of which was a contribution
to the Democratic County Committee.
Tax Collector Smith spent $392 60 to serve
another term.
Expenses of Candidates.
TO THE PUBLIC! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS!! All genuine tickets of this com
pany have initials R. G. Co. on faces and
monogram R. G. C. on backs 'thereof. Follow
ing are the Capital Prizes as decided by tho
Honduras National Co., Saturday, November
7. 1903: No. 72813 winir $7500, sold in San
Francisco, Cal.; No. 46143 wins $2000. sold in
San Francisco, Cal.; No. 505 wins $1000, sold
In San Francisco. Cal. ; No. 55375 wins $500,
sold in San Francisco. Cal.; No. 130S5 wins
$250. sold in San Francisco, Cal.; No. 77838
wins $250, sold in Stockton, Cal.
This company paid to H. L. Laska, 473
Haight St., San Francisco, $1250 for one half
ticket. No. 20641, drawing Oct. 22, 1903; to
ex-Senator Frank MpGowan, Chronicle building:,
San Francisco, for client, $1250 for whole
ticket, No. 57441, same date.
All prizes of this company are paid in full
immediately on presentation at the office of the
company in San Francisco.
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person who
had ever presented one of our prizes at our
office and was refused payment. •
THE LOUISIANA COMPANY
Of San Francisco,
ORGANIZED MAY, 1900.
"William Maguire filed a petition with
the Board of Supervisors yesterday in
which he asks that he be allowed the sum
of ?30 for testifying in the case of S.
Hoekstra, who was convicted in the- Po
lice Court on Maguire's testimony of prac
ticing medicine without a license. Ma
guire quotes the taw, which provides that
half of such fine is to be paid into the
school fund and the other half to the per
son securing the conviction.
Wants Half the Fine.
Six years ago Rose Melville became
famous in an hour in New York by her
delightful picture of a gawky Hobsier
girl, who spoke with the oddest, most
alluring accent, overflowing with wit and
wisdom and a certain homely philosophy.
A year later "Sis Hopkins" was written
for her and with that the young girl, who
but a short while before was practically
unknown, began a stellar career that has
swept everything before it.
Rose Melville, the original Sis Hopkins,
who is conceded to be the greatest char
acter actress on the American stage, will
make her first San Francisco appearance
at the California Theater on Sunday
night. For five years this famous com
edienne has been accumulating a large
sized fortune in "Sis Hopkins" through
out the East and is probably the wealth
iest woman star now before the public.
Rose Melville, Originator of the Char
acter of a Country Girl, Will
Appear Sunday.
ORIGINAL "SIS HOPKINS"
TO SHOW AT CALIFORNIA
Hocks gained ten votes in the eighth
precinct of the Thirty-eighth Assembly
District and Loughery lost five votes in
the sixteenth precinct ot the Thirty
eighth District. Loughery gained five
votes in the fourth precinct of the Thirty
eighth District.
Oscar Hocks gained nfteen votes in yes
terday's official count by the Election
Commission and Robert L*>ughery gained
five, leaving a net gain of ten for Hocks.
As Loughery was only eight votes ahead
of Hocks on Thursday it leaves the last
named in the lead for Supervisor by two
votes.
Gains Ten More Votes Over Loughery
in Official Count Leaving Him
Two Ahead.
HOCKS NOW LEADS IN
RACE FOR SUPERVISOR
Steamer. Destination. SaiU.J Pier.
November 14. f
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pmfPler 2
Arctic Humboldt 6 pm|Pier 10
Kedondo Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmjPier z
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm|Pier 2
San Juan... N. Y. via Panama 12 mjPier 40
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Empire Coos Bay direct.. 4 pm Pier la
November 15.
Eureka I Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coronado... I -os Angeles Ports. |lo am | Pier 10
Corona Humboldt |l:30piPier 9
November 10. | |
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
November 17. | )
Phoenix Mendocino City j 1 pmJPier 13
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 amjPier lii
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla. Pus«t Sound Ports. 11 am Pier a
S Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
November 18.
Korea . . China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Chico ' Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona"".". Humboldt ......... !l:3OpiPler v
November 19. | |
G Lindauer Astoria & Portland! 5 pmlPier 2S
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts.| 2 pm|Pier 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am|Pler 24
Etate of Cal- San Diego & Way. 9 am'Pier 11
November HO. |
N. Fork Humboldt 5 pmfpier 2
November 21. j |
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am'Pier 11
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Nevadan . . . Honolulu 3 pm Pier 20
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm|Pier 2
November 22. |
Umatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rainier Seattle & Whateom 4 pm Pier 10
November 24.
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 2 pm Pier 16
The distilling ship Iris arrived yesterday
from Manila end went direct to Mare Island.
where ehe will undergo aa extensive over
hauling. The Iris was bought by the Gov
ernmer.t during the Spanish-American war.
Ehe was fitted up with distilling machinery
and provided with eighteen tacks, each with
capacity for more than 4000 gallons of water.
She carried water for the army and navy
during the Cuban operations and accompanied
the Oreson and Iowa to the Philippines. In
the Orier.t it was found that her distilled water
was not required and ehe was used as a sort
of Coating repair ehop. (
Distilling Ship Iris Arrives.
On the down trip the Colon carried about
thirty soldiers from Acajutla to La Union in
Salvador. They were going to the frontier
of Nicaragua to be on hand, they said, in
the event of trouble between the two republics.
The Colon's passengers included the follow
ing named : Mrs. J. Butler. Miss D. Swartz,
Mrs. E. Carpenter. Mies M. Piper. Miss J. D.
Mara and K. Rogge.
linfT tritnessed the fall of a large meteor on
<he night Of November 1. It illumiratPd the
li.-avens for several seconds and its brilliancy
attracted the attention of those on board the
Marblc-l.ead. Concord and Wyoming, anchored
tt Acapulco. 100 miles away. William Pulli
\an, one of the Colon's oneine«rs, was bitten
fry a scorpion during the voyage. Another en
gineer occupied Sullivan's room on the pre
mous voyage and he. too. suffered from the
bite of a poisonous insect. When Sullivan
went to Dr. E. H. Anthony, the lincr'6 sur
geon, to be treated for the bite, the medico
recalled the poisoning of the other engineer,
and recommended that the room be searched.
An investigation revealed beneath the wire
tnattress of the bunk a nest containing a
whole family of baby scorpions and a few
¦duKs. They were brought on board. It is
thought, in the cargo.
Th*« Pacific Mail Company's steamship Colon
arrived yesterday from Panama and way port*.
£he brought 7J5S tons of cargo and about a
dozen pa^senpers. The people on board tbe
Steamship Colon in Port.
Captain Tupican's summary of the dam
age rtacs like a record of harm done by
a powerful explosion. The after boats
were swept away; the bridge and gang
ways were washed overboard; the stand
ard binnacle was wrenched from its
stand; the poop ladder and ventilators
v.ere torn from their places and carried
overboard, and the cargo shifted.
Another big storm was encountered be
tween Staten Island and Cape Horn, and
all around the eiorm swept headland bad
weather beset the path of the windjam
mer. After reaching latitude 50 south, in
the Pacific, however, the elements took
en a kinder humor and in light winds and
calms the Wayfarer finished her long voy
age.
The British ship Wayfarer, which ar
rived yesterday, 152 days from Antwerp,
reached port sadly in need of repairs. She
was sighted seme months ago and re
ported as being in bad shape. Nothing
more was heard of her until shortly be
fore she arrived ar.d those interested in
her were growing very anxious about her.
She left Antwerp June 14, and on Au
gust 7 ran into a gale which did about
all the damage that could ba inflicted on
one vessel without sinking her. It was
a northwesterly gale and was accompa
nied by very heavy seas, the biggest of
which selected the Wayfarer's decks for
a playground. When the game was over
the Wayfarer was short of nearly every
thing that could be moved from her decks
and of ecme fixtures that were supposed
to be immovable.
Joe Thomas was too big and too strong
for J. Cooper. Cooper was plucky and
willing to mix things, but Thomas was the
heavier puncher. In the second Thomas
dropped Cooper and the latter's seconds
threw up the sponge.
Mike Synfy gained a decision over
George Murdock after four rounds of fast
lighting. Synfy used his right with ad
vantage and had Murdock, who was out
of condition, guessing. Synfy scored a
knockdown in the first round and had the
last round to himself. This won him the
bout.
W. Jansen and Frank Hardy, a sailor,
gave Referee Eddie Graney a merry time.
They tried to land on the referee as often
as they did on each other. Hardy was
awarded the decision for landing the most
blows
Joe Kelly was too big for Willie Carroll
and outpointed the latter. Carroll blocked
half the blows sent by Kelly and landed
some that shook up his lanky opponent.
Dick Cullen outpointed Billy Duffy for
three rounds. In the fourth Duffy came
to life and nearly had Cullen on the mat.
The crowd hooted the decision in Cullen's
favor.
Six good boxing bouts were presented* by
the Amateur Athletic Association last
night in Mechanics' Pavilion Annex.
George Peterson, the amateur welter
weight champion of the Pacific Coast,
nearly knocked the four masted ship' that
William Stewart sails on hl3 chest out of
the ring. Peterson is a sleepy looking in
dividual, but when the gong sounded for
battle he awakened and dealt out left
and right punches that hurt. He had
Stewart at sea and wondering whether he
was being tossed about in a rowboat or
jumping from the topmost yard. Peter
son landed at will for four rounds and
gained a well earned decision.
Stolen bases — AVheeler Ross, Spies, Gray,
Van Buren. Errors— Smith (2). Home run —
Nadeau. Three-base hit — Cravath. Two-base
hits — Thlelman, McFarlan, Dillon and Van
Buren. Sacrifice hit — Freeman. First base on
errors — Portland 1. First base on called balls
— Off Gray 4 o tt McFarlan 4. Struck out —
By Gray 6, by McFarlan 3. Left on bases —
Los Angeles 0. Portland 8. Hit by pitcher —
Spies. Wheeler. Van Buren. Time of game —
1:65. Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
I LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13.— Portland won
to-day's game without much effort by
the score of 6 to 2. It was Portland's first
victory over Los Angeles on the local
1 grounds. Gray was an easy mark for the
Northerners. McFarlan was a puzzle af
ter the first inning. The local batters
were unable to do anything with his fast
ball' except to pop up high files to the
outfleld. Nadeau had seven chances in
left field and handled them all without an
error. Raymond has a bad hand and Joe
Corbett took his place at short. It was
announced that Oscar Jones of the Brook
lyn Nationals will pitch Sunday's game
for Portland against Newton for Los An
geles. Score:
Los Angeles — i Portland —
AB. R, H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy.cf.. 2 0 0 1 0'VBurn.cf 3 1 2 f> 0
Whelr.2b 3 114 1 Fremn.lb 4 0 1 12 0
Smith,3b 4 0 0 14 J31ake.3b 5 10^1
DUlon,lb 3 1 2 10 0 Andsn,2b 3 0 0 0 4
Cravh.rf 4 0 10 0 Nadeu.lf 5 12 7 0
Ross.lf ... 4 0 2 4 0 Frncis.s 4 0 0 16
Corbett.s 4 0 0 13 Thlmn.rf 4 2 2 2 0
Spies.c. 3 0 0 6 lShea.c... 4 0 13 3
Gray.p.. 3 0 0 0 0 MFarld.p 3 110 1
Totals 30 2 6 27 ~0| Totals 35 6 , 0 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. I
Los Angeles ......2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— 2 !
Base hits 2 0 1 0 0 01 1 1— 0 '
Portland 2 1 1 0 00 0 2 0—6 '
Base hits l a 1 2 0 0 0 3 0—9;
OMAHA. Nebr.. Nov. 13.— Special mis
sion work carried on in cities having a
population of 40.000 Inhabitants or more
claimed the attention of the general mis
sionary committee of the Methodist Epis
copal church at its session to-day. Among
the appropriations were the following:
Portland, Or., $500; Denver, $500; San Fran
cisco, $1000; Los Angeles, $500.
Part of the afternoon was given to the
consideration of non-English speaking
work In the United States. For Welsh
work $3S4 was appropriated, Wyoming re
ceiving $200. For work among Swedes
$61,826 was appropriated, including $2100 for
California and $2000 for Puget Sound. For
the work among: Norwegians and Danes
$21,950 was appropriated. For work among
the Germans $41,503 was appropriated, in
cluding California German conference,
$3790; North Pacific German mission con
ference, $4400.
Interest at the morning session centered
In the discussion of the present conditions
of the colored people, especially in the
South. Two members of the general mis
sionary committee, who axe themselves
colored men, the Rev. Dr. Walter H. Nel
son of Huntsville, Ala., and the Rev. Dr.
Henry A. Monroe of Philadelphia, Pa.,
made eloquent appeals for the support of
the work among their people.
No suggestions were made by committee
members looking toward the withdrawal
of support where this was evidently need
ed, and in a number of cases additional .
grants were made above those of last
year. Especial attention was called to the
rapid influx into Oklahoma and an appro
priation of $19,500 was made for the work
in that Territory- 1
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Nov 13 — Br ships
City of Hankow and Colllngrove, from Eureka.
MELBOURNE— Arrived Nov 12— Bktn Alta,
from Port Gamble. Prior to Nov 13— Br ship
Port Crawford, nonce Aug 30. *
CALETA BUEN A— Arrived Oct 29— Ger bark
Urania, from Port Los Angeles.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Oct 31 — Ger bark
Carl, from Bremen.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Oct 2S— Ger stmr
Herodot. for Hamburg.
AUCKLAND — Sailed Nov 13 — Stmr Ventura,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Ala
meda. hence Nov 7; ship Geo Curtis, hence
Oct 22. Nov 12 — Ship Marion Chilcott, from
Alcatraz Landing.
Sailed Nov 12 — Fr bark Gen de Sonls, for
ISLAND PORT.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Nov 13 — Stmr
Coronado, for San Francisco; etmr Chehalls,
for San Francisco.
Sailed Nov 12 — Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco: schr John A, for San Francisco; stmr
Marshfleld. for San Francisco; stmr Iaqua,
for San Francisco; stmr Brooklyn, for San
Francisco; stmr Eureka, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Ri
val, hence N&v 9.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov v 12— Stmr Alliance,
hence Nov 10; stmr Lakme, from cruise of
derelict stmr Chas Nelson; bktn Benicla, from
Honolulu.
REDONDO-^Arrlved Nov 13— Schr G » W
Watson, from Anacortes; stmr Santa Cruz,
from San Diego.
Sailed Nov 13 — Stmr South Bay, for San
Francisco.
ASTpRIA— Sailed Nov 12 — Stmr Navarro,
for San Francisco. Nov 13 — Etmr G C Hn
dauer, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 13 — Br itmr Lytton, hence
Nov 10.
13 — Stmr Mincola. hr-nce 9th.
Arrived Nov
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Nov 13— Schr Philip
pine, from Tacoma; Etmr Premiss, hence Nov
11: schr Albert Meyer, from Ballard.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr
State of California, for San Diego.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco.
MARSHFIELD— Sailed Nov 12— Stmrs Czar
arina and Signal, for San Francisco. Nov 13 —
Schrs Ivy and Chas E Falk, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLK — Arrived Nov 13 — Br ship Cromp
ton, from Vancouver.
PORT LUDLOW- Sailed Nov 12— Schr Ida
Schnauer, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Pafsed in Nov 13— U S etmr
Bear, from Arctic Ocean.
Passed out Nov 13 — Stmr Mackinaw, from
Tacoma. for San Francisco; schr Ida Schnauer,
from I'ort Ludlow, for San Francisco; U S
stmr Heather, for .
Passed out Nov 1.1 — Schr Columbia, from
Ballard, for San Pedro; schr Gamble, from
Port Gamble, for Manila; schr Oliver J Olson,
from Everett, for San Pedro; 6chr Forester,
from Seattle, for Redondo.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Passed In Nov 13 — Br
ship West Lothian, hence Nov 3. for Seattle.
Sailed Nov 13— Schr Alice Cooke, for Hono-
lulu.
ANACORTES— Sailed Nov 13— Bktn News
boy, for Redondo.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Nov 13 — Schr Ad
miral, from Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Xov 13. 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind SE, velocity 36 miles an hour.
Br Bhlu Saragossa, Duncan, Port Townsend.
Fr bark Socoa, Le Guayader, Gomen.
Fr bark Marguerite Mirabaud, Beauregard,
Sharpness.
Bktn Araeo, Eemsen. WHlapa Harbor.
Schr Del Xorte, Jacobsen, Rogue River.
The bulky document of twenty-nine
typewritten pages closes with a petition
to the court for discharge from the suit
and judgment for the full costs of the
came.
DENVER, Nov. 13.— Answer was, filed
to-day in the United States Circuit Court
by Tyson S. Dines; Carl S. Chamberlain
and D. H. Rice, as executors; D. H. Rice,
Tyson S. Dines and Moses Hallet, as
trustees, and' I. Harry Stratton, as sole
heir of the V£ S. Stratton estate to the
suit of Stratton's Independence Limited
Company of London for $6,000,000 damages
for alleged fraudulent misrepresentations
as to the value of the Independence mine
in the Cripple Creek district, in connec
tion with the sale to. British investors.
General denial is made of the allegations
of salting or other fraudulent acts on, the
part of Stratton or his agents.
It is further said that plaintiffs had
full opportunity to examine the mine, the
mill, the premises, the books Bhowing
smelter returns and all things pertaining
to the property, and that they did in fact
so examine them.
As a final ground of defense the answer
sets up that the cause of action "accrued,
if it ever accrued at all, during the life
time of "Winfleld Scott Stratton and
against the said Stratton and the same
did not survive his death and did not and
does not constitute any basis for a claim
against the executors of the estate."
Joe Corbett Plays Shortstop
in His Usual Clever
Po C V> irtn
Narrowly Escapes Destruc
tion in Gale Which
Sweeps Decks.
Referee Graney Has a Busy
Tims Separating Young
sters.
Answer Is Made That Books
of Cripple Creek Mine
Were Always Open.
Pacific Coast Cities Included
in Allotments at
Omaha.
Pitcher Gray an Easy
Mark for Northern
Batsmen.
The Methodists Provide
Funds to Carry on
Church Work.
Stratton Executors Re
fute Accusations of
Investors.
Wayfarer Ends Tumul
tuous Voyage in
Safety.
Peterson Beats Sailor
Stewart in Four
Rounds.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Number. Class "I,," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, November 7, 1903.
*»'o. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
144 400 223 : 24 256 40
£«5 120 301 24 340 24
3t<6 21 401 24 435 24
fS-» 24 534 40 MO..... 40
553 4000 657 16 721 18
S09 16 »24 24 932 24
I 0 ** 16 10«5 SO 1153 80
11«4 16 1394 16 1502 1«
1520 le i«23 16 1660 16
1684 40 1764 16 1847 1«
1871 16 1910 IB 2150 1«
2320 SO 2390 24 2472 40
2536 16 2552 16 2506 40
'2768 24 2867 40 2925 24
i 2i>62 24 3012 16 3013 4O
3101 16 3435 24| 3525 24
) 3661 i s 3070 16 , 3JKHJ 1U
J 40C0 24 4007 16 4031 24
j 4042 is 4096 40 4136 24
4211 24 4270 40 4302 ltt
4401 SO 4519 16 4615 40
j 4703 16 4795 40 4S06 40
4911 16 4930 16 4953 12O
6071 24 50S9 24 5225 24
C285 120 C310 24 5592 24
I 6671 16 5tj90 40 5737 24
I 6759 40 5S12 24 SS56 ltt
5917 80 5994 16 6058 10
! 6091 16 6134 40 6230 40;
! 6333 16 6430..... 16 6542 10,
6093 16 6814 400 6SS6 80 !
! «>27 80 7020 16 7050 40 1
' 7211 16 7285 80 7330 24 j
7369 16 7479 16 7513 80
7520 40 7635 16 76«0 24 I
I JJ14. 24 7037 16 7975 18 j
8013..... 80 8016 24 8041 24
8105 16 8184 40 8271 18
f?50 24 8395 16 8408 16
£455 16 8469 16 S501 40
8512 16 M21 16 S710 24
8»<0 16 8779 24 S953 24
»"S0 24 0239 16 92S8 18
? 5 °8 24 9545 24 9609 80
»*** 16 9655 24 9773 40
°J|7 24 9S2S 161 9833 40
, 8 ' )43 40 9090 16110160 16
I JW.2 18 10263 24 10311 16
I JO.™ 24J10337 24 10391 21
! JS" 5 * 8 , 16 10603 4011OK59 40
! JJ*' 0 . 4 ldlC«95 24 10705 24!
I "468 16110787 16 10794 IB i
j ™\% 40;10S5S 16 1C926 IB
U°?4S 16|11003 16 11086 16
"145 80|H402 2IU4S7 24
j 11*41 1C.IU770 24 11787 24
J2032 24J 12084 40 12C90 24
12241 80 12484...,. 24112663 24
1272. 1611277B 24 127*2 18
I 12.86 1612891 16J129S4 80
13-»2fi 24113446 40!l3t»l 16
i M«07 24(13852 16ll3932 40
,13985 1000 14070 80|l4142.. . 24
111375 1614380 1«|14511 16
I 14527 40 14561 24|14016 24
14GS3 16 14705 24)14923 24*
149C1 40 15014 16 15050 120 i
15074 16115162 H5U521O 40'
15263 24115274 16 15300 16 |
1541C 80|15426 120 15427 80 1
15589 10|15f.4B 24 15750 1« !
157GO 24115S46 16;i5!)62 40 '
115993 40I1C045 16 16056 10 '
16467 16116482 24 16492 SO
16533 16)16545 24jl6C«4 1«;
16SS9 80117171 24U7250 40 ¦
17274 16117337 1CI1733S 40 !
17373 80|17725 S0|17S40 16 1
17914 16117727 16118146 16 I
18210 40|1S220 l«ll8270 21
18294 80118372 4O'lSt73 16,
18634 40I1S693 40118743 16 !
1S791 16 18884 1«|19O73 16
19104 40119100 16119172 16
19230 S0J19245 lej
19316 24I19.1S8 16119622 80
19706 24 19S67 40119936 40
20083 24i20215 lfi|202S0 24
203C8 16|204S3 24120562 16
20004 16 20612 12020905 l->
21046 80|21O52 24 21105 24
21173 43121236 16121340 24
21343 4OI21353 2421451 24
21789 24:2183.$ 16122011 16
22051 2422211 16122245 16
22310 40I223S6 80122598 24
22048 lfi'22684 24I22C93 24
227S.S 40J22S12 16<22S52 21
228S9 16122910 16122937 24
22005 24123036 16 i 23053 16
23235 80123309 16123310 24
23491 16123656 16J23738 16
23813 40123S42 16123813 16
23997 4O|24OOl 16124075 24
24196 16J24505 16124511. 16
24579 . 16J24719 24124S01 SO
24807 2424928 24125106 40
25125..... 16125253 10,25278 16
25296 24125322 40'2552S 24
25082 S0i25736 80125742 40
25797 40'25S20 24l25W>l 16
26083 21126277 16126314 24
26336 16126383 24120426 24
26473 16126714 16126770 24
26813 24126821 16126090 16
27005 16127720 80127794 24
28156 16I281S3 40128195 40
28284 80J2S32S 24,28333 24
28462 16 28473 16I2S4S9 40
2SC30 120I2SS21 40(29122 16
29474 24|29522 16129632 16
29705 40J29723 16129796 16
'29808.... 40 l 299«4 16:29977 16
1 30036 16130158 24130239 24
30295 1630370 400130730 24
30915 24J31120 40:31162 24
3 iof)o 80131296 16131404 2t
3145o"!... 16131507 16131532 1«
31547 ... 16131600 40131715 IB
31883 ... 24IH2010 1632034 16
3->0SS ... 24132118 16I321SJ) 24
TUOl . 40132256 16J32396 40
32563* 16132568 24i32619 40
.T*>sV . S0I33O47./... 16133116 24
33145 ! 16133241 24133258 24
33323*' . 80133473 24133493 80
T?6Jr'*" . 24(33732 24133811 16
T304Q 1KI341CO 1634149 16
14166 " 16134240 80134275 80 I
oti^ 16134381 16134456 40 .
34KB !!! 16 34713 24134764 24
•^»o 40I34S25 24134911 16 J
'nwi 16135106 24135195 24 ,
i££{ 1635485 24135602 16
•^oJ 40!3W»6 120135731 16
0,740 40135788 24135872 40 j
,,003 16136204 16136239 16
, o~.£i 24136769 16136808 24
2&g? IB 36844 16136055 SO I
•££•72 40137047 40'37054 24 J
,i2ii 16137306 40137571 16
5-?S5 40137597 16137691 80
2-™ 241.17842 80137963 16
S0A77 H5J3S334 16138369 16
VrtTS*"!! 16 3*433 16138542 80
W04" . 24 38628 16:38696 16
occVo 400I3.S890 16138892 16
S917$"\I 16 39328i*;*\ 24139346 16
W07 . 40139517 40139567 40 ,
V)631 . 1639726 80139765 40
40r>6 I • 24140131 16140143 16
40-H4 . ¦¦ 80I40BW 24I40310 16
40431 I 16 405SS 8014092S 24 j
40059.1! 40 40065 40141189 120
414V \ ... 16*1493 2441510 16 .
4^Vi 40 41756 80)41053 80 '
41986"."." 80 42001 16J42142 40 .
4000? 16 42347 40!42468 24
42537 . 24 42615 16U264S 16
42770' 120 42799 16 42968 40
4=1338 . 16 434PS 24 43513 40
43536 i 40 43565 40 43570 16
436S5" I 40143819 40144006 18 \
44032 . 24144030 24144155 18
44292 ... 16 44321 80144342 80
4«89 16 44403 16144943 40
44BM;v;*-*- 404521S 16145360 40 <
45513'".!*. 4045632..... 24 45663 18 :
45770* . 1645865 24 45940 16
4«10l" .. 404R143 SCOfl 46241 80 |
46253!!!.! 24 46344 24146395 16
46405'.... 40 46429 24 46448 16 ,
4^616 24 46C21 24 46662 40 '
46698 16 46744 16 46843 16 ,
46858 24 46895 40 46942 16 '
46980 16 47030 24 47047 80
47163 1647274 16 474S2 24 ]
474S6 40 47702 40 47720 80 '
47897 80 48090 24 48106 18 "
481S0 16 48184 16 4824S 40
48344 40 4S358 16 4S439 80
4,8506 S0I48516 16 48545 16 !
48684 . 4048S89 16 49014 80 ]
49181 16 49209 16 49304 16 1
49520 80 49645 16 50113 16
50116 8050323 24 50432 16
50464 24 60627 24 50746 40 '
50788 40 50830 #16 50834 24
510S3 16 51107 24 511S5 16 ,
51252 16 51263 80 51520 18 *
51624 12O51S12 16 51815 16
51S72 40J51901 16 51917 80 i
52025 24 52098 24 52300 18
62344 16 52349..... 16152467 16 1
62482..... 40 52500 16I52611 40 3
52647..... 1652650 40152770 40 1
62811..... 24 52902 24t52953. .... 80 «
53004..... 16153093 24 53130 16 1
53234..... 16 53277 10 53707 16 1
53747 40153863 16 53949 40 1
54232 16154249 24 54307 . 24 1
64310..... 24 54418 16 54448. 40 1
64502 1654560 16|546S2 18 1
54832 120 54999 16155003 24 '
55063 16 551S0 16155199 80 '
65228..... 16 55249 40|55261 16
55306 16155375 2000:55530 16
65573 16155760...:. 16:55982..... 24 :
56039 16156061..... 40I56C69..... 16
66097 S0I5H133 24 56202 ie
56603 40 50,650..... SO 56665 «4 !
56799..... 24 56819 16156879 l«
56957 24 57015 24|57201..... 10
57290..... 2457291..... 16 57369 16 1
67475 24 57530 2457548..... 24 1
67648...... 16 57690 24 57712 24 1
67822..... 16 58050 24IC819S..... 16 1
58334 16 58371 16!58448 40 1
584S4...:. 4058659..... 24158684..... 80 <
58H06..... 24J5S764 16158794..;.. 16 J
58S83 .40 58887 24J59O42..... 24
59423..... 16J50575 16159778..... 1C
59841..... 40I5SMS4..... 40159892 16 t
599S7..... 40 80145..*... 80160408..... 10
60462..... 16 60588..... 40J60938. 1 ..'.. 24
NUMBERS
-OF THE-
Honduras National Lottery Co.
STORM-SCARRED
SHIP ARRIVES
AMATEURS APPEAR
IN FAST BOUTS
ENTER DENIAL
OF FRAUD CHARGE
COIN IS GIVEN
FOR MISSIONS
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 rmmbers from 72763 to 72863 laekutve,
being SO numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of (30.000, $40.
100 numbers from 46093 to 46193 Inclusive,
being: 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of JSOOO, $24.
100 numbers from 505 to 605 Inclusive, being
60 numbers on each side of the number draw
ing the casital orizo of $4000. $8.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending: with 43. belnr the two
last figures of the number drawing tbe second
capital prize of $8000, $3. »«cona
The subscriber, having supervised tJ>» alagla
number drawing class *'L," Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above numbers which were this day drawn
from the 100.000 placed in the wheel, with th«
prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortea. Hon
duras, C. A., this Saturday, November 7. 1903.
(Signed.) "W*. S. CABELL, Commissioner.
$15,000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OP FIRST CAP
ITAL PRIZE. *'-»
This Is to certify that I reside in Boston.
Mass., and that I am the bona fide holder of
one-half ticket numbered 87305, elass "K."
Honduras National Lottery, drawing oa which
took place at Puerto Cortea. Honduras C. A
on Saturday, October 10, 1903. which drew
the ¦ capital prize of thirty thousand dollars.
of which I recover fifteen thousand dollars cash
upon surrendering the ticket.
(Signed.) BERNARD J. DETINE.
76 W. Broadway, South Boston, Mass.
Sworn to before me this 22d day of Octo
(Signed.) GEO. I>. TTTLDES.
Notary PubUo.
$1000 FOR 23 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OP
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
Etate of Massachusetts, city of Boston.
Personally aDDeared before me the- under
signed Robt. H.. McGee, who. beinjr duly
sworn, deposes and says that he is the holder
of one-«irhth of ticket number 28852, which
number drew the second capital prize of eirht
thousand dollars in the Honduras National
Lottery on October 10. 1903. at Puerto Corte*.
Honduras. C. A.
(Signed.) ROBT. H. McGee.
60 Monument street. Charlestown, Mass.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this
October 19/1903.
(Slrned.) PKTEK P. TAGCE.
Notary Public.
$2000 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-FOCRTH OB»"
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Illinois. County of Cook.
Lorens Metz. 73 Weed street, of the city of
Chicago, county of Cook, and State of HHnoU.
being duly sworn, both depose and say that he
is the bona fide bolder of one-fourth ticket No.
26852. which number drew the second capital
priz# of eight thousand dollars in the drawing
of, the Honduras National Lottery Company
(Louisiana State Lottery), held at Puerto Cor
tez Honduras. C. A., on the tenth day of Oc
tober. 1903. and that he hereby acknowledges
the payment of said ticket In full.
(Signed) LORESZ METZ.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
da ( y 5l|ned) tOb G:-F A -K^SER. Notary Public
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS— ONE-FOURTH OP
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Louisiana. City of New Orleans,
Pefore me Edward Rlghtor. a Notary Pub
lic in inT'for Parish of Orleans. State of
Louisiana personally came and appeared Lio
nel nuna'rt who. being sworn, deposed and
?ald SSt 5 resides 1646 N. Clalborne street, in
the dtf ot N'e" Orleans, and that he Is the
holder and owner of one-quarter of ticket No.'
st-?o* nt the Honduras National Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana State Lottery), and that the
mm ticket drew the first capital prize of thirty
thousand dollars at the drawing held at Puerto
Cortes Honduras, on October 10. 1903, and
h$&x~ pald on p ~ wntatl r-mrPAR T .
(iuraed) EDW. RIGHTOR.
Notary Public. State of Missouri, City of St.
Louis.
$1000 FOR 25 CENTS— ONE-EIGHTH OP
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
3Ir Joe Howard deposes and says that he
resides at 4326 Arsenal street. St. Louis. Mo..
and that he Is the bona fide owner of eighth
ticket of No. 2CS52 In the Honduras National
Lottery Company, and which In the drawingr
held on Saturday. October 10. 1903, at Puert-j|
Cortez Honduras. C. A., drew the second cap*
ltal prize of eight thousand dollars.
(Signed) JOE HOWARD.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th
day of October. 1900.
(Signed) GEO. A. SLATERT.
Notary Public.
No. Prize.? No- 3Priz«.| No. p r iz O .
60G»2 24J61274 16|6l3l:j jg
61382 1661377 40J61387....: 4O
6U48 18;61513 40j61533 40
61553 80bie20..... lejei7ftl 21
61711 - 40161742 24jbl7M w
«1795 24|61S-J0 1«, 61859 2 *
820*4 40162255..... 211(52335 gy
62473 16e2tJ2tt I«i62t5:s3 lft
C2tS72 16|B27«7 ltt|«2SC3 1B
63209 4O|0330» 24i«W+l<J 4IJ
635M 16|£J563 16|«;{001 4U
«S86ti9 1663741 24|«KJ7S0 lti
&:9SB 40164042 40)64004 4()
64125 1S|64165 JSfiSiS 2 *
64421 40IW432 1O|«M4!»1
647SS 24t54S32 16|«H»42 y ( ,
K4U32 4tMtt4D74 24,eSOt« fcjQ
65250 24;«o.-J40 16i65.l«*
65405 40it55l>G I«i657-t5 1,5
60779 lt>;657»4 24J60042 24
66061 16i6KlNS 16166255 2;
662S9 16|C6375 24J66400 4H
tiCUJ 1C, 66483 80,66400 In
66520 166656W 1»4|66747 4<»
6«058 16,K(5O65 40166377 M
67214 24 1 672l>0 16167306 40
167433 4OJ67547 2IJ67702 lti
67747 40i«7941 16J679W 18
67999 16(68010 16j#«40 2*
6S353 16JBS37I 16(6Ji47t 24
t»54» 8O|6H»>48 24|«*7:tt 4i»
168310 16iCS$20 16|6SSo." 40
0SS)16 400[C8350 X6J680SS 24
60041 1616021.-5 40J61M29 4I>
6O4S8 lfi,C9r>i)2 4'JiC062a 1>>
| 6D755 24169831 80170145 l^
j 701KO 16170243 16J70420 •»¦»
70333 24 7IH7S 16170400 W
70637 24 70820 24 701W7 12O
71008 16,71144 40171207 SO
71306 16J71312 24i71334 1«
71452 16 71462 24J7151T 40
71643 16;71753 40I717S3 24
71338 120;719«3 12072025 40
72196 16(72274 1«72445 1*
72504 24 72626 8<>!72S13 30C0O
72SSS 16172029 40i73001 24
J73131 16J73134 16 73367 '16
7330G 40173543 80.73017 120
73714 24174023 24 74057 20
I 74196 16174362 iei74500 80
• 74573 40174576 I*5i74e23 8O
j 74870 40 7485*2 24;74052 1«
175033 80175150 4075162 40
75448 16175486 2 4' 75503 40
75533 16|75547 24 75732 120
75745 24175855 16 78017 16
76049 24'7e231 24 TS345 1«
I 76413 16 7B492 IB T6499 80
j 7R524 40I7C377 16,7f;fi7!» lfl
I 7KS77 1617C891..... 24I7R962 . IS
76073 120177005 2477023 . . 16
77030 16I770S0 16i771!^4 21
772S3 24|772!)0 2477341 41
7744D 16J77540 2477571 10
77576 24 77609 Rf>! 77631 24
7764S 16,77076 ie|77t-.SO 18
77771 2477802 24177838 10O(>
77872 24177877 1677981 1«
7S154 24J78176 16i7S2fcS \c,
73638 * 407S731 4079751 in
7S7CO 16j7»409 24 ! 70404 24
707K4 4OIS0OOS 161S010C lrt
: 80225 24|S<)707 24190871..... R«>
! S1061 16S1172 16131240 lrt
IS1292..... 16iS1303 1681502 80
S1B5.S 24!
82032 80 82102 16:S229S 2t
1 823SS 80;«2473 2482514 16
82515 16*2592 40182723 lfi
1 &2S15 40IS2SSO 16'S29O8. .... '40
i 82P36 24 '83064 24'8S093 80
M104 24!S322S 24.833O7 40
83397 40>S3403 24 SG410 lrt
834*4 2483525 161S3527 40
R3546 1R1S3570 24 83658 24
I S3S17 24.R3827 16JS3S45. .... SO
; 83f"90 40«U239 168445S 1«
. M57S 16184617 801S4755 4O
84760 24 : 84833 16I84S91 24
84942 24S4999 24 85121 10
85168 16 S5292 80 85479 IB
S5T25 16185821 4C18593S 16
: 9f«31 l(S ! 860eS 16,861O4 24
Kfi2.'»7 8O'StKB3 1686347 24
SK181 1R;S<U74 40;S«544 lrt
se.-,Pl 24'86624 24 S70R8 120
87122 24 S7124 24 87276 lfi
87288 401S7580 16187724 4.)
'87811 24:87831 40SS031 24
< S8C86 24I8S188 16ISS191 16
188476 16188490 16'8S587 40
88746.:... 16!S.S857 1689045 lrt
890SS 40i8»214 40^89280 lrt
S0420 16iS9458 16:89592 8rt
RC506 16!S9fi46 24 'S9661 lrt
80718 40100239 16 90295 24
90323 16 90434 16I9O47S 12O
9GC-1S 16 90f»57 40I91079 24
9108<> 24!)lier{ 24 91279 24
91309 16191471 2491544 16
91683 16I9J941 24 92005 16
92107 2492123 4092162 16
022.15 8092209 4092277 24
92319 24:92337 1692818 16
92844 16'82S7<> 40 92932 16
&W4D 16'93C83 1619:5137 16
a*?378 24 93463 80 93596 24
03624 1693703 120 ' 9.1725. .... 16
93741 1693810 If. 9.1884..... 16
93905 2403822 16 03971 1«
94058 16 94155 24 94321 8<>
94364 16!94412 80 94415 4rt
94467 40i94702 16:94730 40
94873 24'94926 1695061 40
95665 2495756 40'95777 24
95.843 24!95910 16J96017 16
9C029 2496C34 16I96M3 4O
96050 16J96234 40i962S4 24
&&S3 14U&643O lHUXIflOrt..;.. 40
96ftl» 16196845 24196672 12O
96749 16196823 16197241 2+
97325 24197383 16!97433 40
97665 120197631 16S97631 1«
97955 80 ! 98054 24108445 4ft
98594..... 80(98753 24'98952 1«
98987 4099024 1699083 24
99CS4 16199132 2499168 16
99173 16199212 16:99227 16
99474 40i09517 24,99540 1«
P9690 1C:997O6 16I9974S 120
99756 40199843 24I09SS9 40
99909 1619392$ 16|
PORTLAND SCORES
OVER THE ANGELS
THE eAN FBAISCISCQ CALL, SATURDAY, NOYEMBER 14, 1903.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
'The bark Oregon was purchased yesterday, by
R. ' Dunsmulr's ; Sons , Company, for $6300. , She
will be used in the coast coal trade.
Bark Oregon Changes ; Hands.
10Copper was lower In London. . spot declln
injT« 6d to £55 17s 6d and -futures 2s «d to
£55 16>. Locally cooper was dull and nwire
or less nominal. 1 with - lake . quoted at $130
13 60. electrolytic $13£13 23 and easting at
J13.' ¦. ... : ¦ '•¦".• - '-- ,
•Lead was caiet and uncharged at 14 60 In
New Tork. London being aleo unchanged, with
spot ctoring at £11 7s 3d.
.. Spelter - <m 1 quiet and unchanged at - $5 75
In - New ; York, while In . London it was . 10s
lower, spot, there closing at- £20 17s 6d. ;.
. Iron was dull ; here. The foreign Iron mar.
NEW TORK. Nor. 13.— Tin advanced 12s
6d In London, spot closing; at ,£115 7s «d and
future* at £112 10*. Locally tin was a ehade
higher, with spot closing at $26©25 12%. .
New York Metal Market.
Receipts of Potatoes were < light. : being only
4203 ; • sacks, " Including 2053 from Oregon.
Choice ' Sal Inas and ". Oregon ' Burbanks ' were in
good ¦ request, i and r a i few exceptionally - -\ fine
lots : of • the latter: met with ; prompt ' sale ' at
the -advance noted" below. : - River ; Burbanks
were - firmly • . held. A but". quiet. - Sweets :were
rather dull, and three cars of -fresh stock from
Mert»a • were : offering I at I lower ( prices, t Onions
continued : firm ? for j fancy ; stock - and : dull ¦- for
low- grade .offerings. :, ' ' , ¦":¦ , * ;,;.;¦*
¦ * Ttecelpts of ; Tomatoes ¦: were f Ught and ; | al
though the demand was sluggish, owing to the
rain. -prices ? of i several*; descriptions." notably
Tomatoes, : were s higher. '.i • Offerings of Green
Peppers i and i Egg Plant "¦ were of poor ' quality
and sold. very »lowly. 5 There was no Okra're
ceived. •-'-¦¦: ' . '".••.,--.¦....- .7." . ,.'V. ¦'¦ ..-. - ;:.,- ;.--•:
T POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 50®
P6tatocs,iPnions~, and Vegetables.
Articles — . Open. High. ¦ Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— -,.*¦?.
December ...... 76% 76T4 75%
May .... 76% 77% 76% 77-
Jnjy ••• 73% 73H 72% 73%
Corn No. 8— -
December ..... 42% 42% 41% 42%
May ...%... 41%i 42 41»i 42-
J °o y aU-No:-2-- "* Al% 41!^ * 1%
December 33 33*4 -32% 33«
May .... ..... 34% 33 34% 35
Mess Pork, per bbl— ¦ , ¦ : .:™n
January 11 «) U 62% 11 57% 11 62%
May ...... ....11 63 11,75 11 65 ¦ 11 75
Lard, per 100 lbs — - - - - : - , - '
December ...... 75 6 00 6 75 6 90
January ....... 6 67% 6 R2% « 67% " 6 M%
May- 9 62% 6 75 6 62% - 6 76.
-Short? Ribs, per 100 lbe— -- ' " ' .
January ....;.. « 10 9 17% 6 10 6 17%
May ..:..•.... 9 20 6 27^ 6 20 6 27%
Aside from Increased firmness in Spring Val
ley "Water at $39QSS 75, business was quiet
at previous quotations on the, morning session
of the Bond Exchange. The oil stocks con
tinued neglected. - s
V There was nothing new. in the afternoon.
: Recent quotations for bank- stocks include a
sale on -Wednesday of Bank of California at
$445, and offers to sen Anglo-Calif ornian at
$S3 * ' I^IBsJrSwSKP'^QVH^WMffSBt'VBMBHBflBKK
The Mexican Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 . cents per share, delinquent
December 17.
, The ..- California s Fruit Canners* Association
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 60 cents
per share on November 20. . -
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
Valley has declared a monthly, dividend of 10
cents F«r»a*re,. payable, November 14.
¦ Stock and Bond Exchange.
¦ FRTDAT. Nor. 13—2 p. m.
TTSITED STATES BONDS,
-e -Bld.Ask.(. Bl(LAsk.
l»*qr coup..llO%lll%|ls ,qr new..l34%133U
Is " qr reg. .\10?illl?!> »* < qr coup. .107\108»4
. .;* MISCELLANEOUS ; BONDS.
KU A "W 6s, — — . . Do Si .r..lO8 '1C9 ;
Bay CPC 5s. — 103% 'Do con 5a.' — -104
Cal C G 5s..lO4«i — O W C r 5s. — 87 -
Cal C A E s; ¦-¦¦'¦¦ Oceanic S 6s. 75 79
• m A et 3s. — 102% Om C;R16s.l20 —
Cal-st 5s - . . '— " — Pac B Im 4s — * 97
C:C Wat 6s. — "- -100 P • E - Ry • 5a.lOK%107%
E L A P «e.l2O — . P A C H 6a. — —7
F4CH89.-.11I P A O R 6e.lie%120
Geary-st 6s.. 45 .80 : iPoVell-st 6s.ll3U —
Trade- in Beans . : continues quiet and ! prices
show no change worthy of note. Recleaned
lots eell fover ; the quotatioiw in most cases.
There is a wider range in Alfalfa Seed, owing
to : the difference in the , quality of the; offer^
lugs. .-,'--¦¦•-'*-¦— "- : * * : -¦-¦ * ¦ '¦ - - ="*--¦
BEANS — Bayos. $2 15@2 40: Pea, $3©3 25:
Butters, $3; small - White. $2 00S3 10: large
White. $2 2032 40; Pink, $2 16@2 35; Red, $2 90
©3; Lima. $2 75©2 05: Red Kidneys, $4 25;
Blackeye, $2 15@2 35 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 60«S2. '¦* ' "" ¦¦¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ' . - ¦ - '--.- :¦¦¦ - ¦¦¦-:•
•- SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3: Tellow Mus
tard. $2 75® 2 80; Flax.^ $1 7O@l 80; Canary.
6«5»4c - for - Eastern; - Alfalfa; ll@14c; ' Rape.
l^e;!%c: Timothy. 6#6%c: Hemp, 3U@3%c
per lb; Millet, 3<g3i4c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 per ton. * : '¦- - '¦¦"¦ - ¦ ¦¦ " : ¦¦ " ¦¦ ' •
DRIED PEAS-r<3reen, $1 60@2 per ctl. .. . „
Beans and Seeds.
Trade in fresh fruits was very quiet, as the
inclement weather kept local buyers away from
the market : and . there was very little doing in
the' shipping line. . Strawberries and Raspber
ries were very weak, aa fresh receipts came to
hand in poor condition," showing the effects of
the rain, and the demand was very light. • Poor
quality offerings of Mallnda Strawberries were
selling below : the quoted rates and some sold
down to 75c per chest. No Huckleberries came
In. and as there are no more expected the quo
tations ; are omitted. | Receipts of Grapes were
light, but carrled-over stock was abundant and
prices ' of crated goods : ranged . lower. The top
quotation for large boxes waa considered an ex
treme figure for ; fancy ' Muscat, $1 25 being
about the top for the common run* of supplies.
There was a steady movement In fancy Apples
and prices were .well sustained. Fine Ppitzen
bergs from Oregon and Humboldt County were
held at $2 25 per box, but the demand was con
fined to email parcels. A majority of the trade
reported a better movement ,-in cheap .Apples
and the market showed signs of cleaning up.
Figs and Nutmeg Melons were offering . freely,
but i found ¦ few , buyers. '. The season . for those
fruits is 1 about i ended, and - the i quotations will
soon be withdrawn.^5 The other deciduous fruits
were without quotable change.«S9VSQWB*H"*B<
' A'< Bteamer \ arrived ' from Mexico with 292
cases Limes and 16 crates Pineapple*. ..which
had not been marketed up to a late hour/ : Oth
wiee r the •"¦ market i- for ; Citrus -, and -. Tropical
fruits was featureless. . '¦ - ~ • - - . „
,- ETnAWBERRIES^-Longworths, $6@10 - per
chest; large, Berries,' $1 6OJJ3 for Mallndas and
S3® 5 for the other .varieties. ,:.
RASPBERRIES— $4®0 per eheet.
1 ; CRANBERRIES--Cape-Cod, $ll@ll M; Jer
seys. $10810 75 per. bbl; Coos Bay, $2 50@3 per
box. '¦--'¦'•-" -.''*' ¦ '-¦'•-- - ••-¦ . •-¦¦¦¦--¦ --'¦-¦- - • ls "- ! - -¦.-•'•¦'
;-¦¦' APPLES— 90c©$l 25 per. box for fancy. 509
E5c for good to choice and 25@40c for common;
Christinas Apples.' $2 60©2 75 per box. •
" PEARS-^l©! 25 per box ; for i fancy Winter
Nellls and -60075c for: other varieties. S@9
-: QUINCES— 40@60c per box. ' -
.• FIGS— 40c©$l per box. •- ,"•- - -
PO1IEORANATES — 75©85c \ tor. small .boxes
and *1 5OQ2 50 for large. . ,. •'. -t
- PERSIMMONS — 80eff$l;per.box
- PLUMS— Coe's' late red.; 50c per.box. • .
¦GRAPES— 40®50c for small bores, oXV5<5c
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO. Nov. 13.— In spite of the rather
bearish . character of news in general, an in
clination was , shown among local traders . to
buy wheat in the hope of an upturn after so
leng a period of depression, and as a result, of
this Improved demand a firm undertone . per
vaded the pit. Shorts and commission houses
were fair buyers at the start, influenced to
some extent by reports of smaller receipts in
the Northwest, and December - opened nn
cfcsnged to higher at 76@76&c Offerings
were light early in the day and further ad
vance* were ¦ made. Toward the ¦ noon hour
prices eased off somewhat, but during the.lat
ter half of the session there was a big demand
from a house with'St- Louis connections. De
cember closed %c higher at 76 %c.
The situation in the corn pit was similar to
that In wheat, local traders favoring the long
side. December closed %©*Jc higher at 42%<a
42%c. . . ...., .... - ¦ .- .
Oats were given over to active covering by
shcrts. December . closed * strong, *«c . up at
33%c. ¦¦ ¦ .- ¦ -¦-.,,
I'rovlBlons were firm under the leadership of
lard. , Perk closed 7%c higher, lard was up loo
and rib* 10#12%e. •. ;
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
1500 Andes 13 1C0 Occidental ..; 23
100 Caledonia .... W 300 Opnlr 1 40
100 Caledonia. .... fi« 280 Overman .... 1*
200 Challenge ... 20 500 Potoel 09
10O Chollar 10 3OO Savage 13
100O Con Cal A V.I 00 40O Savage 14
200 Crown Point.. 12 100 Sierra Nev... 2»
OX) Gould A Cur. 21 200 Silver Hill... Mi
2C0 Kentnci OGt 200 Union Con... 3S
350 Mexican 80 1200 U^an ........ It
1C0 Mexican ..... 77' 3C0 Tel Jacket.... SS
Afternoon Session.
600 Alpha 04} 300 Hale A Xorc. 4-1
600 Andes 14 50O Julia «1
50O Belcher O7 500 Mexican T2
700 Bullion 07! 300 Ophtr 133
600 Challenfe ... 17100O Ovennaa 13
400 Chollar ...... Wi 30<> Savage ir:
100O Cob Imp .... 03 600 Savage 12
80O Con N T m\ ICO S*g Belcher.. ©J
10O Exchequer . . 12 10O Sierra Ne-r. . . 27
100 Gould A Cur. 19 10O Union Con..". ««
4C0 Gould A Cur. 20 100 Utah 11
;<X> Kale A Xorc. 44 SCO Tel Jacket.... 33
100 Halo * Norc. 45
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales oa the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Minting Session.
400 Alpha ....... 061 200 Ha!« A Ncre. 43
200 Caledonia .... 07 il500 Justice 01
10O Caledonia .... 0*> 500 Mexican ..... 75
600 Challenge ... 2Oi "OO Ophir 1 4©
200 Cbollar ...... 0t»- BOO Overman .... IS
SCO Con Cal A V.I 0Oi 80O Savage .. .14
20O Con Cal A V. 98 1 SCO See Belcher. . ©7
200 Con Imp .... C3,' SCO Union Con... 37
200 Gould tt Cor. .21' 2C0 Utah ........ 11
Afteraooa Session.
300 CaledonU ..... 9K1200 Mexican 72
3W> Chollar ...... 10f 2*0 Mexican ...... 73
TTiO Con Cal A V. 9tf «<O Opblr 1 4O
SCO Con Inro .... 0b!120» 8avage tT
20O Crown Point.. 12= 200 Sierra Ner... 27
SCO Gould A Cur. 21 f 2C0 Sierra N«w... 30
200 Gould A Cur. Vi\ 2«0 Silver Hill... 50
15C0 Hale A Nore. 41 f 200 Union Ctm... »J
-300 Hale A Norc. *3! Stft Union Con... 37
50O Mexican .".... 701 4«» Union Ooa... . 39
200 Mexican V..:. 7lt 30O Cnion Ctaa... 4O
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wera the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
Mining Stocks.
The bulk of the large receipts of Bran from
Oregon and Washington yesterday cane to one
dealer, who quoted a . steady market. There
Is not much activity in Hay at the moment,
owing to the wet weather," and prices remain
unchanged. • -= ' -
BRAN — $20®21 per ton. -:
•MIDDLINGS — *26@2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20021 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24 60@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®26 60; Job
bing. $276^7 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21622; Corn
Meal. $30631; Cracked Corn, $30 50-3-31 60;
Mixed Feed, $22 60@23 50; Horse Beans. $300
40 per ton. • r" ¦ • ¦ /
HAT — Wheat, $14@16 50; "Wheat and . Oat,
$13 5O@16 60; Oat, $12 60®14 60; Wild Oat.
$11 60018 60: ¦ Barley. $11©13; Stock. $10®ll;
Alfalfa, $10@12« 60 per ton.
STRAW— 40©«5c per bale-
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW TORK, Nov. 18. — The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of 10 points * and
closed «teady within 6 or 6 points of the best
on the active months and 11 to 24 points higher,
gales were estimated at 1,600,000 bales, a total
reached only twice before in the history of the
market.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
FOR FRIDAY. NOVEMBER IS.
Flour or sks... ». 7431 Shorts, sks 200
Wheat, ctl l.S9O*HIdes, No ...... 229
Barley, ctls 6,280- Leather, rolls .. 24
Oats, ctls ...... 400|Brandy. gals ... 1.C0O
Beans, sks ..... 2.4l»iWine. gals 28,450
Potatoes, sks ... 2,150 Tallow, ctls 205
Onions, ska ..... 135:Llme. bbls 317
Bran, ska ...... 23fPaoer, reams .. 1,192
Middlings, sks .. 105|Pelts. No . 450
Hay. tons ...... 47s:Ralslns, bxs ... 750
Hops, bales :..- 67|Sugar. ctls ....1.100
Wool, bales 77i
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 11.59* (Potatoes, sks ... 2.053
Wheat, cUs ..... S00 Bran, sks 4,000
Barley ctls SSOiShorts. sks 1.250
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks."..' 9,33C1Bran. sks 3,940
Oats, ctls 9. 242 1 Groats, sks ..... 633
Potatoes, sks . . . 24i|
Receipts of Produce.
Of two Butter steamers due yesterday one,
carrying the largest quantity, did not arrive in
time for the trade, hence the market was but
moderately supplied and firm at- the recent ad
vance. ' -'
Cheese stood the same as for some time past,
being in the usual heavy supply and weak,- ex
cept the very fine mild new grades, which ruled
.Eggs continued firm, with fine . ranch still
scarce, and the medium and lower grades
strong in sympathy. '
Receipts were 29.000 lbs Butter, 576 cases
Eggs and 12.100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 31@32%o for extras and
26®°9c for seconds; dairy. 21@25c; store But
ter, 17H© 19 c: cold storage, 24#2Sc; Eastern,
23©252 per lb. ' r --~'-**H9VSPlfc**^n9Ea!9te3PfRS93*SB91l
CHEESE^ — 12@12%c forihe general market,
13@13^c fcr select mild new and ll^ll^c for
lower grades: Young Americas, 134©14c; East
ern. 15%©lC%c; Western. 14©15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 42%©46c for choice and 37%
@40c for small and mixed colors; store, nomi
ral; cold storage, 27%@32%c; Eastern, . 24@26c
for cold storage. "- .:
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60<3
4 83, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 60@4 CO:
Oregon and Washington. $3 90<&4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 9004 40 for Bakers".
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as fol
lows:. Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 73; Fa
rina. {4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats, bbis, $7 20-8-3 60; in sacks. $6 75<@3 10:
Pearl Barley, $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
NEW TORK. Nov. IX — A movement to cover
shorts among the profesrional traders developed
in the late stock market to-day and carried
prices to a level eubstastialiy over last night.
Ttis was after the failure cf an attemot on
the part of an organlxed bear party to depress
prices to a lower level. Tae activity of this
party has been very apparent all through the
week's decline, but they found themselves prac
tically »« one in selling to-day and finally gave
up their policy. Their plan of operations
swrned to be a kind of rotation of stocks. Hav
ing eold United States Steel preferred and Penn
sylvania as Jar down as witfcin their power.
they plckfcd out St. Paul to-<iay as the next
leading stock upon which to center operations.
The result was a decline in St. Paul of 1%.
Tb* rwt of the market was very little affected
in Eymparhy. At a result of the late covering
movement St. Paul recovered all of its loss,
and tte most prominent stocks recovered be
tween 1 and 2 pcints. Pennsylvania especially
¦was Inclined to recover from its recent de
pressed condition. To-day's gals is two full
joints. United States Eteel completely lost Its
rsc*nt prominence in the trading and fell well
down in the list of active stocks, though it
•tared well in the day's strecRth, Tfce baying
seeded confined to professional sources and
there was no evidence cf any large investment
<tf -r-.ar.-i. Neither was there any news to ac
couct fally for the advance In prices.
The *orecfc»t of tie week's currency move
ment Indicated a marked failing off in the in
terior demand and New Tork exchange at Chi
cago recovered iharply. The week in the stock
market warrants tn inference that the loan ac
count cf the bcr.ks has undergone some con
traction. Rejxtfts that the railroads would
concede a reduction on export freight rates for
w»-eei products may have strengthened United
&V*ates Steel preferred, although this news is
indicative cf the general process of contraction
In trade. Tne foreign trade statement for
October was considered gratifying in view of
ft showing of expansion In value in our ex
ports of domestic products of S17.7S2.243. eom
pared with last year, which Is more thaa ac
counted for by the increased value cf cotton
M TE?*tBarfceC closed fioll but decidedly strong.
Bcxiit were rather Csll but firm. Total sales.
tl.867.000. . .
United State* bonds were unchanged on the
last~c*Il.
JCETT TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— - Sales. HIrfe- Low. Close.
Atchison 34,500 «H G% 64
Atctifonpfd 1^00 «> Sfc ~~
BUttOiio .28,000 73% 72^ 73H
Bait & Ohio pf<J... 2<J0 S7 *7 SSVj
Caui*iian Pacific... 3,000 118 117% 117%
Central of X J 1—3
Chesap & Ohio ... «00 27% 27% 27%
Chi A Alton 30.000 2&H, 2SV4 • =9U
Cfci A AJtM i£t... 1.200 67% .68- 67
OI4C Weetern.. MO 15 1*H U\
Cfci A G W B pM. 400 26'.4 25 2«H
Chi * N&rthwestn. 1,000 ISSh* M% 162
Cfci Terra A Tr&=.B. 8
Chi Ttertn A T pfd. 800 17 17 16H
C CC A St Locis.. 800 O~m <® ra %
Colo 6ooth«rn 200 12 11% U%
Colo South let pM &O0 61 \% 81 51
Colo SouUj 2d p;a 3.000 20K 1 20
tiwl & Hudson 2fiO 152 152 151 $4
D«l Lack & Wc*t.. 100 23T»i 237% 2S5
Denver A Rio G I. . 1S%
Denver & K G pfd. <50O tB'-i €3 64
Erie 14.7W 2»% 25?* 26%
Erie 1st pfd 1.000 6C% 65H ©*U
Eri»2dpra 1,200 47% 47U «7*4
Oreat Northern pfl ..-.. .... .... 160
Hocking Valley ... »y» 7<y^ ttl* 70%
J-Jocklng Val fti... 2nr» sot, ro' M>»
VMaolr Central .... 2.*<»i lagu 12T ' 128
Iowa Otstral 200 Vff*-, 20 ~V>
lom-a Central pfd ,.;; .... 32%
J4 C Boothern , ic»i
Jfc " Soathern pfd -;;-. 25%
fyrai% A Nash..... 2.400 5ft fy Qfi% ,M%
Vanhsitaa L 2.7<X> 1S9 137'J 1W%
Mrtropolitan ft Ry 6>X> 112% J10«i^n2
Minn A P« Louis... 100 «s 44 . .-?«
Vies^ort Pactfte ... 8.000 S*r4 W* »"%
Mo Kan A Texas.. |W) juvi J( ,™ j^i?
*t> Kan A Tex pli. COO S5 34J5 35
Nezv York Stock Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
easy. Common, 4@6c; prime, 5H@5%c; choice,
eee^c; fancy. 7c.
PRUNES — Quiet In demand and easy in tone.
Quotations range from 2 We to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Quiet, but about sUady. Choice.
SM'S^Vac; extra choice. 10®l0%o; fancy, 11©
1214c
PEACHES — Steady. Choice, 7U0?%c; extra
choice. 7%@S%c; fancy, 9%©10}4c.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— FLOUB— Receipts.
29.443 barrels; exports, 25,313 barrels; quiet,
but held with more confidence.
WHEAT — Receipts, 125,775 bushels; etports.
24,000 bushels: spot, firmer; No. 2 red, S4«g@
SSc; No. 1 Northern Duluth, SG%c f. o. b.
afloat; No.1 bard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firmer on bull support
desizned to force a rally and were well sus
tained all day, advancing sharply in the final
hour on strength In corn, export rumors and
active covering of December. The close, May,
61Hc: July, 78^c; December, S4%a
HOPS^ — Steady.
HIDES — Steady. 1
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
1 SUGAR — Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3%c; cen.
trifugal. 99 test, 3-%c; molasses sugar, quiet;
refined, quiet.
COFFEE — Spot, steady; No. 7 invoice. 6}bc:
mild, firm. Futures closed unchanged to 5
points higher: sales, 108,500 bags, including
November, 5.60c; December, 5.6OtJ0.55c; Janu
ary. 5.60@5.C5c; March. 5.SO£5.S5o; May.
6S8.05C; July, 8.15c; September. 6.20@6.25c;
October. 6.35c • .
DRIED FRUITS.
New York Grain and Produce.
There were but few changes in Game. Re
ceipts continued heavy, but the demand was
steady at the recently revised quotations.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 20®24c per
lb- live Turkeys. 17®19e per Ib for young and
14@16c for old; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Gos
lings $2S2 25: Ducks, '$4@5 per dozen for
old a'nd $5@6 for young; Hens, $4 50@5 50 for
small and $6®7 for large: young Roosters, $5 50
fit>50; old Roosters. $4 5O@5; Fryers. $583 50;
Broilers. $3 5O@4 50 for large and $3@5 50 for
small; Pigeons. $1@1 25 per dozen for old and
5-S - _' 25 for Squabs. • .
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3<g4 per dozen;
Canvasback, $4@6: Sprig, $2 5o©3; -Teal.
SI 50- Widgeon, $1 50; small Ducks. $1 50;
Gray Geese, $3@3 60; White Geese. $1©1 50;
Brant, $1 25 for small and $2 50 for large;
English- Snipe, $3; common Snipe. $1 75;
Wild Doves, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cotton
tails and $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25.
The fifth car of Western Poultry for the
week was on sale and cleaned up well at
steady prices. Receipts of local stock con
tinued light, and the market was firm for all
descriptions except live Turkeys, which dragged
at previous prices. Dressed Turkeys contin
ued to arrive In small quantities and met
with prompt sale at the previously quoted
rates.
Poultry and Game.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 3.70c; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse
5.60c; Fruit Granulated. 5.60c; Beet Granu
lated flOO-lb bags only). 3.40c: Confectioners'
A 5.60c- Magnolia A. 5.20c: Extra C. 3.10c;
Golden C 5c: "D," 4.90c; barrels. lOo more;
half barrels 23c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels 6.10c: boxes 6.33c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos 8.50c per Ib. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags. .ve5Uc; San Quentin.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32g35c; Fleece Twine 7^
©Sc- Cotton Fruit Bags. 6»$e. 6%e and 754c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. 6U@7^c
COAL — Wellington. %H per ton; New Wel
lington SS: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, SS 5O; Bea
ver Hill. *5 6O; Stanford. S7; Roslyn. S7; Coos
Bay $3 60: Greta. S7;. Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
114; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $3 50 per ton; Coke.' $11 50@
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2O0O lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and
47c for raw in barrels; cases. 5c more:
Castor Oil. in casesy No. 1. 70c: Bakers'
AA. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 44c for boiled and 42c
for raw in barrels: Lard Oil. extra winter
strained, barrels. 85c; cases; 90c; China Nut.
55@70c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot. in barrels.
75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure, "5c; Whale Oil.
natural white. 50@55c per gallon; Fish Oil.
in barrels. 50c; cases. &5c; Cocoanat Oil. In
barrels SSc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
15Hc: Pearl Oil In cases. 22c; Astral. 22c;
Star 22c; Extra Star. 26c; Elaine. 2Sc; Eocene,
25c; deodorized Stove Gasoline.- in bulk. 17c;
in cases 23>-jc; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; in cases
lOVic; 88-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 21c; In
cases. 27*ie.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases aad
74c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%0
7c per Ib; White Lead. eVjSTc. according to
quantity.
General Merchandise.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Tltae.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 13. 6 p. ta.
The foIlo-winsT are the seasonal rainfalls to
ts.%* ae compared with those or earn* date last
I'Hin and rain^Jl In last, tw^r.ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hour*. S*ascn. Season.
sSur*k» 0.<* 6.5* 9.04
Red Bluff 0.04 2.4> 9.15
Parraci^nto 0.04 0.84 3.35
Sta Francisco 0.10 O.99 8.32
Fr**no O.00 0.08 2.43
Ir.depe=<i«ce O.OO Trace 0.39
San Lai* Otsspo 0.02 0.08 3.20
l.t* Ar.g»>« ©.<*> 0.43 2.3*
F«.n r>eo 0.00 0.06 1.37
TKE COAST RECORD.
= 2 g ~ js t
3 7- £=£? <% %
STATIONS. ~ 2, § 2 = =3 = ** P
¦"¦ E" 5. r 1 ? ?
: ? ? : : r
Baker 29.72 5« 2* SE Rain .02
Carton 23. f* 58 4S SW Cloudy .OS
Eureka 2P.fi6 6<) 4* SW Rain .€8
Karallcn 29.04 6« 64 FW Rain .08
Fresno 29.98 72 C2 SE Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 50. 02 56 2< W Pt.Cldy X»
Ir;(ifpen<J«-nc* 23.82 70 42 S Clear .00
Wm Angfle*.. 30.02 70 48 W Clear .00
Mt Ta-TML:pai».2a.5* 54 4*» SW Rain .22
North Head... 23. 44 4« 42 E Rain .24
• hoer.ix 2i».&4 « 4* NE Oear .00
I'oeateHo. Ida.2S.S0 42 SE Snow .00
Portland 23.50 44 38 FS Rain .2*
P"int Reyes... 29. f0 66 54 S Cloudy .06
P-«J Bluff O.f-4 2.40 9.15
Sacramento -.23. 9« €4 I»6 SW Cloudy .04
fait Lake 2».*S 4S 34 NW Cloudy .80
Par. Franr:sco.30.00 «2 H S Cloudy .10
6. L. Obispo. .30.08 «4- CO W Cloudy .02
•San Diego 29. SS CS frt NW Clear .00
Seattle 23. 56 46 34 SE Rain .10
Spokane 2&.SS 32 24 E Cloudy .08
Tuuosh 23.50 40 S4 E Rain .34
Walla Walla.. 23. 66 44 36 S Cloudy T.
¦Wir.nes-.ucca .29.74 44 42 NE Cloudy .42
Turr.a 28.30 82 64 S Clear .00
WEATHER CONT»mONP AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rretstire continues to fall along the coast
of Oregon and Northern California. A etorm
of some Icteeity U moving southward along
the coast and will probably cause high south
erly winds with rain Saturday over California
north of the Tehachapi.
Southeast etorm warning* are displayed along
the coast fnxs £aa Fruidsco oorlhward. aad '
sirisory messag'es have fc*«n teat to eouthern
ports. - -
There h&* been bet little change in temper-
Bture over Use country west of the Rocky
Mo-urtair-s.
5-t.ot? 1* falli^c at Pocatello.
The following tr.ariisum wind velocities are
reported: Eurtka. £S miles r>^r hour from the
* -• r. . Red Bluff, 36 southeast: Sacramento, 23
•Cytheast: Carsoa City, ZZ southwest; Modena,
2c so-jthwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
bcurs ending midnight. November IS:
Northern Calirorcia. — Rain Satunlay; high
southerly winis.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturtay. probably showers; brisk
twuthwett winde.
Nevada — Rain; cooler Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Probably rain
Saturday; brisk to high southerly -winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 140
Apollo 43 ....
Associated Trust Certificates 20 23
Aztec 83
California, Standard ..."- 10
Caribou 90 1 OO
Central Point Con 63 ....
Chicago Crude 19 20
Claremont 22 30
Esperanza. .... ............ 1 50 ....
Four .... .................... 67 ....
Fulton j 4 W ....
Giant .... 20
Hasford 140 00
Home »m 1 <»
Imperial 13 00
Independence ...... ......... 18 17
Junction ........... .... 20
Kern ' » 0O
Kern River .... 13 CO
Lion ............ 03 04
Monarch (of Arizona) 43 ....
Monte Cristo .... 85.
Occidental of "W Va. IS . 19
Oil City Petroleum ......... 27 23
Peerless 13 50 US
Pittsburg .... 23
Reed Crude .... ....
S F A McKHtrtck 2 73 ....
San Joaquin O A D .... ....
Senator 63 73
Sovereign .... 33 . ...-'
Sterling 2 63 2 83
Superior ...... 04 08
Thirty-three T 0O 7 50
Tol tec S3 ....
Twenty-eight ..' 4 SO
West Shore ..- 2 90 ....
Reed Crude (new stock) .... 3 73 ....
Miscellaneous^ —
Abby Land A Improvement. .... 1 30
Alameda Sugar .... .23 00
American Biscuit '. 63 00
American District Tel - ....
Cal Gas A Electric Corp ....
California Cotton, MIUs S3 00 ....
Cal Jockey Club t 105 0O
Cal Shipping Co 23 00
Cal Title Ins A Trust 130 00 140 OO
Central Bank of Oakland ..60 00 ....
Chutes Company 7 50 8 23
Cypress Lawn Img Co 6 80 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 OO 2 23
Gas Consumers' Assn ...... .... 2230
Honolulu Sugar ............ 14 50 ....
Northern Cal Power . .... 9 00
North Shore Railroad ...... 660 ....
Orphecm Company 18 23
Pacific States Tel A Tel.... 113 00
Parafflne Paint 83 OO ....
San Francisco Dry Dock.. 47 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 5O 3 CO
Sausalito Land A Ferry.... 16 0O
Sperry Flour Company ....2750 . 30 on
Standard Electric .......... .... 18 CO
Tesla Coal Co 82 50
Truckee Electric 13 25 ....
Union Sugar 22 30 .... .
United Gas A Electrto 34 30 ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
MoVnlna; Session.
Board —
2000 Independence Oil 18
200 Monte Crtsto Oil 8*
Afternoon Session.
Board-'
100 Monte Cristo OU »
6OO Claremont Oil 23
200 Horn* Oil 100
California Stock and OilExchange
Open. High. Low.* Close.
May $1 H>'i $1 10% $1 09% $1 0U%
December ... 1 12 . 1 12 1 11% 1 11*4
OATS — Over . 9000 ctls came in from Wash
ington, but the bulk of it came to the mills,
co does cot figure on the market. Conditions
remain unchanged, the feeling being steady.
White, $1 -Jtxtfl 32*4; Black, $1 4<*@1 (32%;
Red. $1 20&1 25 for feed and $1 2591 35 for
se«d: Gray. $1 22%«1 27*i per ctl.
CORN — There is nothing - new to report.
Trade is quiet. - - .
Western sacked. $1 30®l 32% for Tellow,
$1 30@l 32% for White and $1 30 for mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 35@1 40; small
round do. $15O@l 60; White. $1 35@1 40 per
cental.
• RYEr— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25(g2 50 per cU.
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 11% $1 11% $111% $111%
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
FUTURES.
Feed. $1 12%«jl 15; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 2O®1 25; Chevalier, $1 2»®l 45 for fair to
choice.
There wae less disturbance in Exchange and
Silver yesterday, and the latter advanced %c.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 SO
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — C2&
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05 •
Silver, per oun^e — 57%
Mexican dollars — 41 <
Wheat and Other Grains.
— — — - ¦ /
WHEAT — Foreign conditions shoVed little
change. Argentine cables reported crop pros
pects good, with indications of a larger yield
thaa the average. The Continent was alarmed
over the German Emperor's condition.
Wires from Chicago said that the selling
seemed overdone, but the crowd feared a repe
tition of the recent hammering,! and were in
disposed to operate. But foreigners were good
buyers at the seaboard, and buying by the
Southwest caused some strength. !
In this market futures advanced In sym
pathy with Chicago, but the cash grain re
mained as before.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4Ogl 45; California White
Australian. $1 5O(S1 55; Northern Club, $1 40©
I 42%; Northt-ra Blueatem. 41 jO^I 63; Oregon
Valley. $1 40©l 45 per ctl , -
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a.. m...
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$L 37 $1 36 $1 37 $1 37%
May 135% 136 135% 136
* 2 p. m. Session.
Ooen. High. " Low. Close.
May $1 33% $1 35% $1 35% $1 35%
December ... 1 37% 1 37% 1 37% 1 37%
. BARLEY — The market was weak yesterday
and buyers held off. Sellers held No. 1 Feed
up to $1 15, but buyers were not disposed to
pay over $1 13%. hence business was dull.
' CASH BARLET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco. less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8®9c; Cows and Heifers.
76Sc: thin Cows. 485c per pound.
CALVES — »®4%c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%®4c; Ewes, 3%®3%o
per pound <gro«a weight).
LAMBS — 4%«5c per Ib.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 150 to 250 lbs. 5%®5%c:
under 150 lbs. &35%c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and- Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations. .
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF — 637c for Steers and 5©6c per Ib for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7gS%c; email. SS»%o per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%gSVbc; Ewea. S8S%o
per Ib.
LAMB— 9%*gl0c per Ib.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%©9e.per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The local butchers and packers continue to
rf-port supplies of all descriptions ample for
current need* and prices show no change.
Meat Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
HIDES AND SKIN3 — Culls and brands sell
About l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9c: medium. 8c; light. 7*4c: Cow Hides,
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10%$llc; dry Hides. 15c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25&30C each;
short Wool. 40@6Oc each; medium 70<g9Oc:
long Wool. $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 73 for large and $2@2 60 for medium. $1 23
©1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium, f 1®
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skini
— Dry Mexican. 32c; dry salted Mexican. 23c:
dry Central American, 32c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium,
85c; small 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%e per Ib; No.
2. 4c: grease. 2Vb®3c
WOOL — Fall dip — San Joaquin Lambs*. 9£>
lie; Middle County, 11812c: Northern Free.
ll@12c; Northern Defective. lOgilc: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12#14c: Nevada, 13015c; Ore
gon fine. 18@19c; Oregon medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS — 20©23c per Ib.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Wcoilxer Report
, Vt E B of Max p/d 100 36Vi SCVi S6*i
I NT Central 4.30O 116** 1HS 116>»
Norfolk A Western. 2,300 54% 63*i 64»»
Svri & V.'ert pf d '82
Octano A Western 1.100 19% 19% 19%
ivsnneyivania 1C9.170 113V* 1UH 113i»
Pitts C C & St L 55
Reading *.500 40 SS% 3»»4
Reeding 1st pfd 300 76 7« 75* 8
Reaoing 2d pfd ... »» 68% B6% 68
Rock Island Co .... 14,400 »5 22 22%
Rock Island Co pfd. 3(» 57^ 67 »i 67
St L,& S F 1st pM .... 60
ft LA S F 2d pfd 400 44^ 44^, 44t4
St Louis S W 52
St I>^!s S W pH. 200 30 29>4 2»i4
St Paul «,200 13<5% 134^ 136
Pt Paul p:d 2O> 172 172 172
Southern Pacifto .. 3.700 41H 40%4 41H
Southern Railway.. 6,700 17% 16S 1"%
Southern Ry pfd... 1.000 72T% 72^4 72V,
Texas & Paclflc... 1.500 22% 22 22Vi
Tol St L A West.. 300 16% 16 14
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 25 25 25
Union Pacific 81.800 71*4 C9% 71
Uruon Pacific pfd.. 2.600 65>4 85 85
Wabash 100 19 19 19
Wabash pfd 2.300 32% 32 32%
W & Lake Erie 14t»
Wisconsin Central.. 4«> 15^ 14% 15\*
WiFcensin Cen pfd. 300 S3VJ 33 33<.;
Express Cocpanies^ —
Adams 219
American .... .... 1*0
United Statee 100
Wells-Fargo 195
Miscellaneous — •
Amalgam Copper. . 36,700 39% 37 14 .38 v4
: Awr Car A Found 1.000 19 1S% 1^%
Am Car & F pfd.. 600 66 65>a *»H
Amer L!ns*»d Oil S»4
Amer Lin Oil pfd 25
I Amer Locomotive.. 300 IS 12«4 12%
Amer Loco pfd 3"0 75 74 75%
>.n-.er Smrlt A Ref. 5<*> 42U 42S <2«4
Am Srrelt & R pfd. 200 $6% 86*4 86"^
Airer Sugar Ref... 9,600 116^ 115% 116%
Acaccnda Min Co 63H
Brklyn Rap Trans. 14,5ft) 37% 36*4 37
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 4f*) 27 26>4 27»4
Cclnm & Kock Coal 9
OEfclidatM Gas 1751J
Ger.erai Electric... 10rt 146^ 146>4 145*4
International Paper 700 10 10 10
Irterntl Paper pfd. 600 61% COH 60
Irternatlonal Pump SO
Icterntl Pump pfd .... 6R
National Biscuit... 300 34% 34% 34*4
National Lead 100 12 12 1H4
North American 70
Pecple's Gas....... 400 92% I>1% 02%
Pr<^?e<i Steel Car.. 400 26% 20 26%
Fressed S Car pfd. 100 6S 68 CS
Pullman Palace Car 210
Republic Steel 300 6% 6"4 6%
Republic Steel pfd. COO 49% 4S»4 48%
F.ubber Goods I3H
Rubber Goods pfd.. 300 CSH 6S% 68
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.300 27% 27 27U
! t^ S Leather Sn«) 7 7 7
T* S Leatber pfd.. 9<V) 74*1 74«i 75
17 S Rubber 100 8 8 R
U S Rubber pfd... 85*4
U S Steel 6.G00 10% 10% 10%
O S Steel pfd 32,800 52% 61% 62%
Western Union 82%
Northern Securities 66%
Total sales 597,100 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK, Nov. 13.— Bond transactions.
United Railroads of San Francisco: $5000 at
76%; $20,000 at 76%.
NEW TORK BONDS.
C S ref 2s. reg...l00%]L A Nunifled 4s.. 98%
Do coupon 106% Manhattan 4s. ...102%
Do 3s. reg 107% Mexican Cent 4s.. 71
Do coupon 107% Do 1st lnc 13 «
Do new 4s, reg. 134% Minn A St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon 134% M, K & 8 4s 97%
Do old 4s. reg. .110% Do 2ds 7a'
Do coupon 110% Nat R R of M 4s. 74
Do 5«, reg... V. 101% N'T Cen gen 3%s. 99%
Do coupon 101%!N T J Cen ren 5s.. 130
Atchison gen 4s.. 9&"» IN'orthern Pac 4s.. 102
Do adj 4s 86% i Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 91%,N A W con 4s... 97
Bait & Ohio 4s...lO<>% T>r S I. 4s & par. 91%
DoSH> 95 Perm conv 3%s... 94%
Central of Ga 6s.. 103% Reading gen 4s... 46%
Do 1st iac 61 I'tL A I M con 5s. 110%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01%. f'tL A S W 1st... 92
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73% TtL A 5 F fg 4s.. 81%
C. B & Q new 4s. 94 -r-eaboard Air L 4s. 67%
C. M&StP g-en 4s. 109 iPouthern Pac 4s.. 88%
C & N W con 7s..l30%jiJouthern Ry 6s.. 112%
C, R I & P 5* 71V3>5"exas & Pac lsu.11714
Do col 5s 73 [I 1 , Stl* A W 4s.. 68'
CCC A BtL gen 4s 96%iUnion Pac 4s 102%
Chicago Term 4s. 75% Do conv 4s 63%
Con Tobacco 4s... 64% ! U S Steel 2d 6s.. 66%
Colo A South 4s.. 85%iWabash lsts 112%
D A. Rio G 4s 99 f Do deb B 54«i
Erie prior lien 4s. 98% ! Wheel & L E 4s. I m
Do ren 4s :. 83% • Wisconsin Cen 4s. 88
Ft WAD City 1st. 106 tColo Fuel 68
flocking Val 4t4s.lO5#i
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con...... 10 jOntario 4 25
Alice 14 Ohpir 1 so
Breece 1O Phoenix 08
Tomstock Tunnel 0&% Potosi 07
Con Cal A Va... »5 Savage 12
Hera Silver..... 1 00 Flerra Nevada... 30
Iron Silver .1 70 fmall Hopes 15
LeadviUe Oon... 02 Standard 2 10
Little Chief 07
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — West' house Com.. C8
Call loans 5 ©6 Mining
rime loans 5%SC Adventure 3V
Eosd»— Allouez iQ
Atchison 4s 99^'Amalg-amated 3s2
Mexican Cen 4s.. CS |l)aly West 83
Railroads — !J3ingham 21
AtchUon e3f4iCalumet & Hecla".435
Do pfd 88% Centennial 15
Boston A Albany. 248 'Copper Range.... 44S1
poston & Maine.. 171 Coal. T*»2
Hoston Elevated.. 139% iFranklin 7%
NT. N H A H..194% Jsle Royale 5U
Fitchburg pfd 135 IMohawk 35»i
Union Pacific 70%lf>Id Dominion 9
Mexican Central.. S%!(>sceola 53
Miscellaneous — Parrot 1714
Amer Sugar 116% Quincy so.
Do pfd 119 ;~aata Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel A Tel.. 123% Tamarack ...; 85
I>3EiiEion I A S.. 8%jTrtnity i 5
General Electric.. 145 1 United States 17
Mass Electric... 18 Utah ; 27
Do*pfd 76 (Victoria .... <m«
United Fruit »5 Winona * t2
V 8 Steel .... 10% Wolverine ...*.**** C5
Do pfd C2 1
LONDON CLOSING 8TOCKS.
Con for money.. 89 9-16 N'ew Tork Cen 110
Con tor acct... 69 11-16 Norfolk & West.! 56
Anaconda .... 3>ii Do pfd.. 88*4
AtcWaon 65% Ontario & West" "01?
Do pfd ©2 {Pennsylvania ...'. 574J
BaJt A Ohio 75% Rand Mines gil
fanadlan Pacific. 121% Reading " 20V
IThes A Ohio 2SVs f Do 1st pfd. 39
Chi Great West.. 15 Do>2d pfd * •>•»
C. M A Et P 140% Southern Ry... ' 1714
r>eBeers ..... 20% | Do pfd 74P
Denver A Rio O.. 18% I Southern Pacific. 42ii
Do pfd... C7 Union Pacific 7-iZ
Erie 27%j Do pfd g?"
Do 1st pfd 67%)U 8 Steel uy
Do 2d pfd 49 1 DopM,. £3 2
Illinois Central... 132% Wabash ;... 19"
Louis A Nash 102% Do pfd 33
Mis, Kan & Tex.. 16%<
Ear silver, steady. 26% d per ounce. Mosey
lHr©l% Per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 4 1-16^4% p^ r
cist and for three months' bills is 4 Ul6fti*i
percent. 7
COTTOLEXE— One half barrel. 9%e; three
half barrels. 9Uc: one tierce. 9 He; two tierces.
9c; five tierces, 8T&C per Ib.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12o per Ib for
heavy, 12tfc for light medium. 14%c for light.
loUc for extra light, 18He for sugar-cured
and 20@21^4 c fcr extra sugar, cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams 14^4c; California Hams,
13%c: Mess Beef $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12012 50; Family. $13; prime Meas Pork. $18;
extra clear, $24: Mess. $19: Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per Ib for
compound and 9c for pure; half barrets, pure.
9%c; 10-Ib tins. 9?4c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c • '
Chicago was firm, with the paekers letting
the market alone. There was no changs worthy
of mention in this market, which .continues
quiet. ,
Provisions.
Articles — '" - ' .- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels :J.".' 29.100 3,800
Wheat, bushels .......... .312.100 . 400,400
Corn, bushels ..........^ .205,900 220.800
Oats, bushels 265.500 134,800 !
Rye, bushels ..T... ..11.40O 900
Barley, bushels ...108.000 7.300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was cosy: creamery, 15g21^c: dairy. |
14@18V4c: eggs were firm at mark, cases. In- |
eluded, 22@2-tc; cheese, lOQllo.
Foreign Futures,
Wheat— " . Dec. March. May.
Opening ............... 64«fc 6 3H 63
Closing .-.;..'. « *\i 6 3H 6 3
PARIS.
1 "Wheat— - Nov. Mar. -June.
Opeaing ...20 80 20 9O
Closing 20 80 20 90
• Flour^ — —
[Opening... ..23 65 2.S 45
Closing :.... 29 55 23 45
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000; firm. Good to prime steers, $4®
6 70; poor to medium. $3 40®4 75; . stockers
and feeders. $2@* 25: cows, $1 5O©4 10; heif
ers $2@5 scanners, $1 5O®2 40; bulls. $2@4 50;
calves, $2 25®7 60; Texas feed steers, $2 75®
8 65; Western steers. $3@4 50. ;
. HOGS— Receipts to-day, 20^000 : to-morrow
15.000; 10c lower. Mixed and butchers, $4 60
©4 96; good to choice heavy. $4 55@4 $5;
rough heavy. $4 2O@4 60:; light. $4 6O@4 80;
bulk of sales. S4 5O>6?4 75.
SHEEP — Receipts, 15,000; strong to ' 10c
higher. Good to choice wethers, S3 75<jJ4 50;
fair to choice mixed. $3®3 75; Western sheep.
J2 23Cf4 25; native lambs, $3 75@5 85; West
ern lambe. S3 75®5 40. .
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUTS, Nov. 13.— Wool, steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing, 17#2l^c; light,
fine. 15@17^c; heavy, fine, 12#14i£c; tub
washed, 20<g30c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 13.— Wheat — Walla
Walla 71c; blue stem, 75c; valley. 75®76c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 13. — Wheat — Steady; blue
stem, 79@S0c; club, 75®76c ¦
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Nov. 13.— Clearings. $703,596;
balances, $47,364.
PORTLAND, Nov. 13.— Clearings, $667,246;
balances. 185,558.
TACOMA. Nov. 13.— Clearings, $412,303;
balances, $45,654.
SPOKANE. Nov. 13. — Clearings, $422,122;
balances. ?33,654.
H CAS 6*48.101 — BE GAR 5s. — 101H
H C A SS 3s — 10O PF A 8JV9«.U8H117
Hon* R T 6!..104H10fl 6 R of V ft».112»» —
L A Elec 5s.liUVjlCoi£ S P of A 6a
L A Ry 5»112 113 1 «19«»> ....— l«n* v
LALCo6a. — — ! n010* — 1C«*»
Do gtd es. — — S P of C Cs
Do gtd 6S.1C2H105 i «19«i)Sr A.in2'ilO3
LAP lcm 5e. — 105 U5*5)Sr B.iaT,»lft3S
Mkt-st C 6s.llS — ' <190«> ....104%106
Do lcm 5S.112H114 <1912>....U3 111%
NRR of C6» — 108 BPC leg 6s. — —
Dot* .... — » 115 . Do stmpd-10*»il0«\
NPCHb.- 109 S P B R ««- — —
N C R 6». .109 _ S V W es.103% —
NCPC3*. — — Do4s 2dm. — 99
N'SRRBa.— 93 Do4* 3dm. — 1W
OOLHUi 107 — Stira GAE 6» — 103
O T Co 6s.. 116 113 JU G A E 5s. — 1C5
"WATER STOCKS. •
Contra. Costa— '-. 43 iPort Costa.. — —
Marin Co ... «1 — }Sd V W Ox 3S% 2S%
GA3 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. »% — S F G A E. «9 OH
Mutual E U — 11 3 F Ga» L. . 3 —
Pac G Im.. 65 6514 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 53% — U O * E... — —
Sac E GAR. — —
TRUSTEES* CERTOTCATES.
B 7 O * B. 69 69 *i i . . i
INSURANCE. - " 1
ptreci's ynd.320 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 |L P A A... — 170
Angto-Cal .. 75 82H Mer Trust. .230 —
Bank of Cal.440 4fS0 Mercb Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Natloal. — —
First Natnl. — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL.— — jSar A 1. So. 93 -100
Hum SAL. — — Se« Sav Bit. 400 500
• Mutual Sav. 95 110 Union T Co. — — •
S F Sav U.COO - I ,
STREET RAILROADS.
Callfarnla .. — 205 (Presidio .... 23 — .
POWDER.
Giant 63% 65 /VIgorit — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 60c 70c KRauea B C — 6
Hawaiian C. 44 — Makawell C. 23^ —
Honokaa S C 13^4 13fe Ooomea S C. — 32H
Hutch 3 P C 10-% 104 Paauhiu S C 15^ IS
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pck.143 — Oceanic 8 a — 6H
Cal Fruit As. — 93 Pac A F A.. 3 3\
Cal Wine As. 83H — " Pac C Bcrx.187 —
Morning Session.
60 Paauhau S P Co IS 73
15 S F Ga» A Electrio Co fl» 37*4
60 Spring Valley Water Co 39 0O
30 Spring Valley "Water Co 3S 73
Street —
25 Honokaa 13 23
S400O Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.114 50
S4000 S P C 1st c S per cent stmpd.lOfl 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Asso 149 V
10 Alaska Packers' Ann 143 04
25 Cal Wine Assn. a 90 89 73
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 6O
75 S F Gas A Electric Co 69 23
200 Spring Valley Water Co 33 50
25 Trustees' Certificates (S F O A E) 68 00
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The following table, I
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank dear- ;
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
November 12. with" the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: •
Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Ino. Dec.
•New York $1,179,323,735 28.0
•Chicago 181.836,281 .... .4
•Boston 141,446,710 .... ~> 2.4
•Philadblphla lll,fS64,&l3 .... 2.«
•St. Louis ........ 53.49O.&91 3.8 ....
Plttsburg 39,405,433 .... 6.5
•San Francifco .. 28.701.010 .... 9.1
•Baltimore .. 22,753.520 .... 7.8
Cincinnati 23.216.200
•Kansas City .... 23.446.873 «-4 ....
Cleveland . . ...... • 16,015,309 3.2 T ... .
•Minneapolis ..... 21.386,721 2.4 ....
•New Orleans 22,100,804 ,27.5 ....
Detroit 11.040.255 ' 3.8 ....
•Louisville 9.010.033 , 5.0
Omaha 8.103,655 * 3.4 '
•Milwaukee 9.204,404 1.0
•Providence ...... 7,041.200 • .... 4.6
•BuSalo ......... 6,979.119 .... 2.6
•St. Paul 7.4D1.C87 6.2 ....
Indianapolis 6,182.775 .5
Loe Angeles ..... 0,730,239 15.6
•St. Jo3eph 4.330.S39 14.8
Denver 5.366,258 2.0
Richmond 6,018,519 35.2 ....
Columbus 4,583,500 .... 3.0
Seattle 4.159,(H2 .... 4.1
Washington 4.067.243 4.4 ....
•Savannah 4,944,560 6.8
Memphis T 7.473.211 14.8
Albany 3.704.496 1.5
Salt Lake City .. 8,240.373 IS. 3
•Portland. Or 4.6SS.542 6.6 ....
•Toledo 3,405.462 2.4 ....
Fort "Worth 4.622.160 33. 2 ....
Peoria 3,337,144 3.3 ....
Hartford 2.&SS.SS7 1.4
Rochester 2.74.T.034 3.7 ....
Atlanta 3.635.181 9.1
I>s Moines 2.557.J2S 7.4
New Haven 1.827,06« 4.1
Naehville 2.5S2.877 8.0
Spokane, Wash... 2.S06.124 28.4 ....
Grand Rapids ... 1.890,608 3.0 '....
Sioux City 1,439,277 .... 15.1
Springfield, Mass. 1.658.964 5.3
Norfolk 2.202, 1<M 20. «
Dayton 1.SG0.076 • 7.3 ....
Tacoma 2.270,076 8.1
Worcester 1,147,372 .... 37.0
Augusta, Ga 1.059.434 4.4,
Portland, Me 1,651.546 20.3
Bcranton 1,721.627 32.3 ....¦
Topeka 1,517,297 4.4 ....
Syracuse 1.454.410 3.6 ....
Evansvflle 1.21)2,032 16.1' ....
Wilmington, Del.. 1,160.802 .... 20 5
Birmingham 1.334.690
Davenport 1.077.194 6.9
Fall River 1.115,355 1.5
Little Rock 1,306,371 8.4
Knoxville ....... J.014,354 13.5
Macon 1.O47.000 fl.5 ....
Wtlkesbarre IX50.1S0 9.9 ....
Akron R3O.000 .... ....
Sprtn»rtield. Ill 637,746 2.6
Wheeling,- W. Va. 712,478 ! 15 9
"Wichita 875.187 21.1
Youngstown ..;.. 723.290 4.3
Helena 570.140 22.0
Lexington r>fl7,fll$>
Chattanooga M8,S5I> S3. 7 ....
Lowell 601,272 9.3 . ..
New Bedford 794.O1O 44. R
Kalamazoo 74S.ft*fi 18.5 ....
Fargo. N. D £45.212 .4 ....
Canton. Ohio RS7.0«v>
Jacksonville, Fla; 7M,?fi<» 94.5 ....
Greonsburg. Pa... .V»1.4P9 3.0 ....
Rockford. Ill 696.608 34.4
Springfield. Ohio.. 427.111 11.0
Biughamton ...... 506.800 13.7
Chester, Pa 4JW.000 .3 ....
I Bloomington, 111.. 270.604 23.8
I Quincy. Ill 407,742 24.1
I Sioux Falls. S. D. 337.778 22.1
Mansfield. Ohio... 24S.3S7 22.8
; Jackson\-lHe, 111.. 205.772 19.9
! Fremont. Neb 151,176 5.3
D*catur. Ill 29O.«14 25. 0 ....
••Houston 9.S42.6S7 14.6 ....
Charleston, S. C. . 1.412.837
. Guthrie 1.107,625
Totals, U. S $2. 0«4. 651.419 .... 30.8
Outside N. Y... SS5.32S.1S4 1.0
CANADA.
Montreal $25,252,2S1 2.1
Toronto 16.040.724 2.9
Winnipeg 7.293,063 87.0
Halifax 2,468,548 38.1 ....
Ottawa 2,467.218 2T>.2 ....
Vancouver, B.C.. 1,4S5,»28 29.5 ....
Quebec 1.924.516 13.8
Hamilton 1,081.545 3.3 ....
St. John. N. B... 1,732,000 9;8
Victoria, B.C.... 8C*»,2!>5 35.5 ....
i London 836.425 15.8 ....
Totals. Canada. $61,359,147 ....
•Balances naid in cash. *
••Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Less disturbance in Exchange and Silver.
Wall-street Stocks rather higher* on the day.
Continued inactivity in local Stocks and Bonds.
Wheat futures advance in sympathy with Chicago.
Barley dull and zveak, owing to the weather.
Oats, Cam and Rye as previously quoted.
Beans still quiet and easy at the established quotations.
Bran in large receipt, but closely held.
Trading in Hay interrupted by the Ti'et iveather.
Butter and Eggs firm. Cheese plentiful and weak.
No fvrther change in Dried Fruits. Nuts and Raisins.
Froz-isions quiet, with packers letting the market alone.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply and unchanged.
Continued wet weatiter interfering with the Fruit market.
Good Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables firmer.
Poultry and Game show little variation.
k?t was unchanged. Glasgow closed at 48s M
and Middlesboro at 42s 9d. The New York
market was quiet and a little lower on some
grades. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $15©18; No.
2 foundry. Northern, $14 25&15; No. 1 foun
dry. Southern. J13 75014 25, and No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, soft. (IB 76®14 25.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Previous conditions' prevail, the market being
quiet and easy.
FRUIT— Apricots. ~ttS*Sc for Royals and 99
10c for Moorparks ; ! Evaporated Apples. 483^c;
sun-dried. 3H©4c; Peaches. 4}j©«%c 3 : Pear*.
e^lOc; Nectarines, 4S5%c; Figs, white 1 , *@4«ie
in boxes; black, 4Kc; Plums, pitted. <V88c per
pound. *
PRUNES— 19CS crop. 2H®3c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. nrices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: SO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
514c per Ib: 3-croTra 5%c; 4-erown, 8\ic: Seed
less- Muscatsls. 4&e: do floated. 4Hc: un
bleatfhed Sultanas, 4%c: Thompeon't Seedless.
5^c. London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 35: 4-crown clusters, 92: 5-crown Deheeas.
$2 30; 6-crown Imperials. S3; Malaga Looae. 2
crown, 6c Der Ib: do 3-crown. 5%e: Valencia
Cured. 4%c; Pacific do, 3«ie; Oriental do 2%c.
Seeded Raisins— ld-oa packages, fancy. \JBc per
Ib; choice. 7%c; 12-cs packages, fancy. 6*%c;
choice. 6%e: in bulk, fancy. 7%e; choice, 7*4c.
NUTS— WiUnuta. No. 1 softshel!. 13J4«14c;
No. 2. 11H612C; No. 1 hardshell. 1331dt4c:
No-2. lieiHic: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10*aC for I X U lOVic for Ne Plus Ultras and
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 63!7c for East
ern; Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 502 5: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 10$12c per Ib.
. HONEY — CBmb. new, 12©14c foT white and
91?llc for amber; new water white extracted.
6H®6c; light amber extracted. 4fe@3H*; dark.
4©4Uc . .
. BEESWAX— 27629o per Ib.
Driedi.FruitSjNuts, Raisins, Honey
75c per.ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1®1 35 per ctl;
Oregon Burbanks, 75c® $1 15 per ctl; River
Reds. 50<ge5c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 15©
1 25 wr ctl.
ONIONS— S5c©$l >er ctl for fancy and 50®
©75c lor lower grades.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 393V&C per Ib;
String Beans, 3<g3^c per Ib: Wax, 3®3^c;
Lima Beans. 4©5c per Ib: Tomatoes. 40^if5c
per box: Summer Squash, S5c<g$l per box; Cab
bage, COc per ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucum
bers. 60@75c per box; Garlic, 465c per Ib; Green
Peppers. 25@4Cc per box for Chile and 35-@50c
for Bell: Green Okra. per box; Egg Plant;
40^30c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $101115 per
ton; Hubbard, ? log 20.
Fine Ranch Eggs are becoming scarce again
and . prices have advanced. Common Callfor.
nian and Eastern Kjrgs are plentiful and prices
stand exactly -the eame aa quoted, in the last
report. ' Butter • aad ; Cheese are ; unchanged.
< 'Meats. -Fish and Poultry are In good supply
» aad are . still eeUtn? I at 8 the familiar quota
tions. ': Game : is abundant and several kinds
are cheaper.' ¦¦'. '.-¦ ¦ • ' , ' '. " ¦ V ' .'
, Prices of Fruits have . changed but little
since last . week." but several , descriptions of
Vegetables . are , dearer.
COAlv PER TON—
Wellington .$— ©10 00 New
Seattle .... .$— <a 8 50 Wellington $-^©10 CO
Roslyn .... .$ — @ 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ...$—<9 » SO Nut ..$— «6 0O
Greta ....$ — & 9 OOfCoos Bay ..*— « 7 50
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.— x
Butter. chotce,sq.55<gtC Common Eggs. "• - 8 52i2
"Do good ...... 404*50 Ranch E?s» ••••5OS&5
Do packed, Ib. — @30 Eastern Kggs. ... — 630
Cheese. Cal lbta'Ji- Honey, come, per _•
Cheese, Eastern. 2OS25 s pound . •••"^2?2
Cheese, Swiss... 25@85 ! Do extracted.. 8©10
MEATS, PER POUND—
-Bacon ... ...18825 Pork Sausage.. 12% 615
Hams. .;....;... 16® IS Smoked Beef..:'.— «OT
Lard . ....12%©—
H The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail price* Jar
meats:-.. . . .. au---"' -^l'
Roast Beef . 10®20lHindqrtr Lamb..lS#20
Tenderloin Steak.l5@lS Foreqtr Mutton.. 8^10
Porterhse, dol7 *?•«*: • Leg Mutton ...12%613
Sirloin Steak.. 12%©13 Mutton Chop*. .12% ©18
Round Steak . .10©12Vi Mutton Stew &»10
Beef Stew —©10 Roast Veal .....12#20
Corned Beef .... 8§10 Veal Cutlets ....16©a>
Soup Bones ..... 4^— Veal' Stew ....12%@15
Soup Meat 6@101P.oast Pork ...IZ*-**!*
Lamb Chops ....— GV>. Pork Chops ....15918
Foreqtr Lamb.l2%®15
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 60@75;Hare, each — ®20
Young Roosters," (Wild Doves. d*..$l CO
each 60@75i English Snipe, di.«M
.Old Roosters. ea.SO-ses! Jack Snipe. doi..*2 .**
Fryers, each ...6Q@4SO:Gray Geese, each. 40^50
Broilers, each ".'.4O05U! White Geese, ea. 154*25
Turkeys, per lb..23@2S' Brant, each 20@35
Ducks, each . ...-."W^llTeai Ducks, ea. — <925
Geese, each ..— @$1 SO-Mall'd Duck. ea.50@60
GosUngs .»2 iK Widg*n Duck. ea. — @25
Pigeons.' pair ...—030 Sprig Ducks. ea.4*S50
Squabs, per pafa-.— ©hC Small Ducks, ea.— #25
Rabbits, each 20@251Canvasbacks. ea.60@75
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Alllgtr Pears, ea. — ©—Lemons. do» ... '.13623
Almonds .. ..l&&Vi Nutmeg. Mel. ea. f«10
Apples i.v. S@ 5 Oranges, doa. 25S30
Cantaloupes 10^16 Persimmons. Ib —9 8
Cranberries, qt. .— @15 Plums. Ib <5<3 **
Pecans ..— @20 Pomegr*tes. doz..50#75
Brazil Nuts .;..2O@ — Pears. p«r lo... St'tg a
Bananas, doa 254J50 Pineapples, ea.. .25iJt3'>
ChestnuU ..:.».15<S20 Quinces. Ib 3& 5
Cocoanuts, each.. — Olu Raisins, per Ib.. &'il5
Dried Figs, pr Ib— 4*10 Raspberries. dr..40©60
Fresh Figs, Ib... — @10 Strawberries, per
Grapes, per Ib... 50 8 drawer .20075
Grape Fruit. dz.75c«o*l Walnuts, per \tt. AMrin
Huckleb'r"s. lb-12H@15 Watermelons,
Umes. dox 1O315
VEGETABLES— (
Artichokes. doz..50®75iOnions. per Ib.. 10 2
B«cts. dozen .... urtt — Okra, green, t Ib.. 10^13
Beans, white, Ib. 60— Okra, dried. Ib.. — @25
Colored, ctr Ib 5?i — Potatoes, Ib ....l%&'-£
Dried Lima, Ib.. «;a S Parsnips, per dz.15^20
Cabbage, each... P0JO Radlshes.dz bch»15<i20
Celery, head ."MflO Pare. 6x buncb»s2'v« —
Cn-**. f\z bu-ioh.mw — String Beans. Ib. 5® 8
Cucumbers, dz...l5^25sunrmi»r squash.
Garlic 6@ 8} Per Ib 5® 6
Green Corn, do*. — sf4olSprcuts. per Ib.. bHf ti
Green Peppers, Ib Sw SJBpinacn. per * Ib.— © 5
Dried Peppers.. KXQ25 Evwt Potatoes.
Egg Plant 5-3 61 per Ib — Q 2
Green Peas, Ib... e& S !"i...j!c.di bnch3.2T«u3U
Lettuce, per do».15®20 <r "r" 1 n(.. pei- dz..--«»»s
Leeks.dz bunchs.l5<e2riTomato«s, Ib.... 33 5
Lima Beans. Ib. e@ S*
¦ FISH—
Carracouta ...'..— ©13 Sea Basa .......— ©15
Carp ....10@l-.4ii Smelts — O1J
Catfish .... — **12U Soles 10@12^
,Codfish — 01-% Skates, each 10 r? 15
Flounders ...10® — Squid ...\.....;. — Q —
Halibut .153 — Tomcod 12V4<?—
Herring — Hi — Turbot 2u<Rf—
Mackerel —8— Trout, Salmon... — @&i
Do horse 156- - Trout — @40
Rocknsb — «12^i Brook .Trout — 4iSo
Salmon, fresh..l2%@ll> Wblteflsh ....... .10©—
Do smoked. ia©2f Clams, gallon . .50®
Sardines l(K&— Do hardshell, Ib 9010
Shrimps — 010 Crawfish. Ib...l2%@13
Shad 10«i — Crabs, each — ft —
Striped Bass . ..13920 Mussels, quart.— <Jfl2>4
j Perch 1OO — Oysters. Cal. 100.40#50
I Pomplno — @75 Do Eastern,dz.SC©40
: Rockcod — <gi5
\famil y retail market\
for crate* and 73c©$l CO for large epen boxes.
..- NUTMEG MELONS — iO®35e per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Valencia . Oranges, $29
8 SO per box; Navels. |3Q3 25: Lemons, $10
2 50 per box; Grape Fruit. $1 60®2 50: Mexican
Limes. $4£4 CO; . Bananas. $1 25-81 73 per
bunch for Hawaiian and J2 60@3 for Central
American; Pineapples. $292 SO per dozen.
barley. 47®33c: No. 1 .flaxseed. $9 12: No." 1
Northwestern, 69o; prime < timothy s«ed. $6 85;
mess .»ork, per bbl.. $11 60@ll 62%; lard, per
100 lhf.. u t8y7i5e7 00: short ribs sides (loose).
$T 25*g!7 60: short clear sides < boxed),'* $« 62%
@6 87%: "whisky, basis of • high 'wines, $1 25;
clover, -. contract grade, $10 30. - ~ . . ¦ ;;
THE. S AN JKA^ CISCO CALL, S A T tJRD A Y, NQTvEMBER 14. 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Cash quotations were as follows: Floor ! wu
steady: No. 2 spring wheat. 79e: -No. 8, \ 7S@
79c; No. 2 red. 76%@7©afcc; No.>2 corn, 42V4c;
No. 2,yellow, 43Vi<8 ! 43%c:, No. 2 ©at*. 34Uc:
No/ 3 whit*. 34334 % C ; No. : 2 ; rye.--. 52c: » Food
feeding '¦ barley. 37fi39c; fair to choice malting
Continued on Pag» Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
4a fe .fe
Auction Sale of
Work, Driving and Saddle Horses
WEDNESDAY EVENING. .Nov. 18.
* . At 8 o'clock.
17 Head, weighing from 1060 to 1500 pounds,
—From — -
J. KINSMAN. Bonanza. Or.
22 Head, weighing from 1050 to 17CO pounds,
H. C. HUFFMAN. Sutter County. CaL
These horses are all broke - and are from I
to 9 years old. Good, sound, serviceable horses,
ready to be put to work.
Horses at yard. Sunday. Nov. 15.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
. 1732 Market St.. cor. Van Ness »v*., S. V.THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, -SATUKD^; NOVEMBER 14, 1903.
12
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
A SITUATION desired on good private place,
~ city or suburbs, by an experienced young
. man, Danish, capable taking care of horses,
garden, etc., and is a first-class driver; ref-
erences. Box 2055, Call.
STRICTLY tempera te honest retired sea cap-
tain desires suitable employment, such as
shlpkeeper, wharfinger or in command of
yacht or steam launch, etc. Address R. F.,
postofflce box 2163. San Franclrco. Cal. '
YOUNG man would like situation; any kind
of work; can speak six languages: best of
references. W. V. JUSSAETIT, 711 Califor-
nia st. ,
COACHMAN and gardener; all round handy
man: best references. Box 2966, Call office.
WATCHMAN, first-class references from Gov-
ernment, wants position. Call 914 Howard st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants position to help
photographic business; has good experience.
M. McKEE. 1703 Market sL -
JAPANESE boy wants situation as schoolboy.
Box 2950. Call afflce. - ¦ . • ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
\ FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free. ' . . -
33^5 JUNIPER st;. off.Foteom. near Tenth—;
4 . good., rooms; lower : flat.
ELLIS 810. nr.Polk— For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences: electric light, power.
jFlLATTai JTOLteT—^{j^j^^^g^I
SUNNY 3-room flat, complete for housekeeping-;
gas, gas range, porcelain bath; adults; $25.
332 Hayes gt.' ' "
FURNITURE FOR SALE.^ *
CARPETS of 7 rooms, all new, $100 if sold
to-day. 151 Page st.
FURNITURE WANTED. / '
A. WOLLPERT. T3Z Mission, phone Red 4463,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.1818 Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2766.
FACIAXi y^ASBAaB.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors. 764 Larkln st.: phon* Polk 17.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A YOUNG lady for candy store; experience
necessary: $7 a week. Call at MISS PLUNK-
ETT* S, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
COOK for restaurant: $12 a week: no Sunday
work. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 8utter St., near
Powell. : .:.:.-; -. ,• - : ¦• ¦
A COOK and second girl for 6 In family, in
city, $30 and $23; a chambermaid who car.
sew Home, for private family in city, $23; a
waitress and parlormaid for small family,
$30:-" a nurse for 2 children,: $35. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A PARLOR maid and waitress for 3 In family,
$30; an Eastern girl aa second girl and wait-
ress, $30; a German girl to help the cook in
a Iunchhouse. $7 a week, no night or Sun-
day work. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
St., 'near Powell. :
WANTED — German cook. $35; cook, no wash-
Ing. $35; cook, small boarding-house. $30; 3
cooks. $30; 2 parlormaids, $30; 2 laundresses,
$30; 3 day laundresses, — a week; kitchen
helper, $25; 3. nurse girls. $20. $25; 3 wait-
resses for country hotel. $25. fare paid;
housekeeper, man, 2 children, $22 50; 4 sec-
ond girls, $20, $25, $30; laundress, girls*
school, country, see matron at office 10
o'clock, $30; 40 houseglrls, city - and coun-
try; man and wife for mine, $60. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 8utter st.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
1 both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— WANTED— Glrl« to learn ; hairdresslnf,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to ;those' entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-'
teed at $10 per week . up; leading school in
'West. 233 Geary .st..' room 13. __^
A — LADIES to learn all branches halt-dressing
v- trade; manicuring, < massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
/ ket St., cor. Jones, -room 94; positions secured
< at highest wages: day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE '¦ NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI 8TRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32*4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED— First-class demonstrator. Apply at
HALE BROS.' •' :
WANTED — Experienced jacket and skirt alter,
ation hand. Apply between 9 and 11 a.' m. at
HALE BROS.' '. .--¦ ' '¦ - '¦'.¦—¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦' '
SIX thoroughly competent I paper box girls for
Seattle ; must > do all classes of fine Jewelry
and candy box work. E. G. TONI, 7 Pine St.,
bet." 9 and 12 a.' m. •.-'-./.-' ¦ ' "^
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for em-.
broideries and laces. Apply superintendent's
¦ of flee,* Emporium. ; \ •* v ' . ' - - ':- ' ' ¦ .
NEAT,- smart -• young i or ' middle-aged '.woman
assist ! at housework. 871 Adeline , St., ¦ Oak-
¦¦¦land.- ¦--¦¦¦-. ¦ ¦ ¦- -.¦.:-.---¦¦ : - . '"¦- " - - ¦- -''
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted; best -of
wages. 631 Clay, st.: .- ; - v : ¦
ELDERLY- German! Catholic lady cook and
housework; $6 • per s week. 1071 ' Market; st. ;
EDUCATED elderly 'German • Catholic - lady 1 as
"• '. children's ; nurse; i $3 per week. ; 1071 'i Market. .
WANTED— Girls to ? pack ¦ cards. - Apply NB.
. cor. Eighth and Brannan,sts.t ¦' ¦ ' v :
GIRL for housework; family, of 3; I $15. •/; 4200
California. -' cor." Fourth ave. . . Eddy-st.' cars.
GERMAN girl. wanted to assist lady in . house-
• ¦ work, and plain cooking. ; Call 1400 , Guerrero.
WANTED— Experienced '¦'• saleslady for candy
. ; store. 1409 > Polk -; »t. ; { call ; after 10 a:: m. : -'
YOUNG ; girl . for - light housework ' and : assist
t ¦ with > children ; wages ' $15 ; * references.": - 1639
.:. : . Waller istr . .;• '- . ; : :: .- .:.
t SKIRT ,: and • sleeve ¦ hands, r: MULRONEY, 110
¦ ¦>.' Geary,: st;. . ¦ - ¦ ' ' --'"'~,~ : \
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS, 100 Sac-
ramento et. -
WANTED— Experienced girls In baokblndery.
BROWN & POWER CO.. 608 Clay st.
A RELIABLE woman for city firm. Box 2953,
Call office. j - *
GIRL for general housework; good wages. 662
, Lombard gt. .
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Ftllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. - •
HELP WANTED — MALE.
At C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Office.
420 Bush st 642 Clay st.
600 ' laborers. State of Nevada ...'....$2
Board $4 .50 week ; Free fare.
Bridge carpenters .% $3 60
Polisher, country, $60; tRmale maker, country,
best of wages; pot, dish washers; waiters, bell,
elevator boys. $15-$30; cooks.
At C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Office.
420. Bush st 642 Clay st.
JOBBING carpenter, $3 to $3 W day; harness
maker. $2 to $2 50 day; fruit farmer and
wife, $45 and found; chore man and wife
to cook for mine. $60 and found; oyster man,
$40 and board, and others. J. F. CROSETT
A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Man and wife, $60, for small mlna
boarding-house; man for chores and help
wife cook. See boss early this morning. J.
F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AT "E. A B." R. R. Labor Agency, i
' ' - 638 Commercial st.
• . «. Free Fare — Free Fare.
60 tunnel men, $2 50 to $3 day.
CO muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers, $2 a day. -
Long job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon. Nevada.
"E. A B." R. R. LABOR AGENCY.
633 Commercial st.
CASH BOYS.
• , ERRAND BOYS.
APPLY AT ONCE TO
SUPERINTENDENT EMPORIUM.
BOYS to learn trade, aged from 13 to 16 years;
must have references. Apply ' SHRL'VK A
CO., factor office corner Market and Fre-
mont sts. ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 60, or
orthopedic shoes, $"> 60; best, shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
AN experienced man to plow orchard and grub
: out trees; wages $30 and board. Address
P. O. box 164, San Rafael, Cal.
WANTED — Experienced presser. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
BARBER .wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
021 Harrison st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 394
Fourth st,
BARBER for Saturday evening and Sunday
morning. 1415 Valencia st.
BARBER for Saturday, $4. 1316 Laguna st. ;
• must ¦ be good. '
WANTED — Coatmaker for -the city; steady
work. DETMER WOOLEN CO.
MAN to help in kitchen and wait on table. 23S
First st. . __^^
STRONG younc man for porter In wholesale
house; German areferYed. Box 2047. Call.
GROCERY clerk, boy about IS; experience not
necessary. Call bot. 9 & 12. Bush & Octavla.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs; must sell at once:
three living. rooms; bargain. 1316 Laguna.
$50— PAYING barber shop; . rent $7, paid to
. Nov. 2S. Apply 304 Preclta ave., nr Folsom.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1*50 pair: foot- form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
WANTED — For U. 8. Marine ' Corps, able^-
bodied unmarried men, between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
island ' possessions, ' and at : naval stations In
' the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice,- 40 Ellis St., San - Francisco, Cal., and
401 K St.. . Sacramento. Cal. " ¦" -.,--•
WANTED— Active advertising ' and Insurance
solicitors on new proposition; sells on Its own
merit; . exclusive territory » to • good agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m.,
suite in, Columbian bldg;., 916 Market st.
WANTED— Boys . from 16 to IS years; height.
6 feet 4 Inches and over, to join a social mili-
tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia St., any
'. evening between C and 8 o'clock.-.
WANTED — Active, educated men of business
ability who wish to earn $40 per '• week or
more; call 1 to 5 or write 561 Parrott butld-
. Ing. - DODD.' MEAD A CO., San Francisco. \
WANTED — First-class salesman, new and seo-
' ond ' hand '¦ furniture: S. F. experience. •¦: Ap-
ply to H. SCHELLHAAS. Eleventh St., Oak-
¦'• land. * .' .- '". - .-' ¦ '¦¦ '." . . ' : , .
MAN of good standing and wide acquaintance
-can secure a good position with 'an Eastern
". company ; := must have, connections ~ and * be a
' good < solicitor. , P. O. box 2694. .
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
- months and ; secure good positions : catalogue
mailed i free. MOLER ' System ¦ College, 635
' ciay.st::* ••¦ ' • -. .: -!--¦ v ¦' ¦-. . - " -¦
WANTED — Laborers and : mechanics - to know
'": that Ed * Rolkln, . Reno House proprietor, has
.' added 100 new rooms' to the Denver House
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to BOc per night.
STRONG school ' boy to r carry morning paper;
s south Market st. ; no Sunday work. Room ¦ 8,
.1508 Market st. - . , -
BARBER : shop : • a snap ; -. sunny ; living rooms :
- rent .$15;- owner: quitting - , business. '1541
.Geary;st. ' ¦',. .' :- ' ' :-,-¦.,¦¦¦ ..¦:;:.'¦.;",
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis »t; U
;.•¦¦ years'/ practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions. . *
; BARBER - trade - taught in 3 weeks. Address
, jkW.~ C..B..' 647 Commercial St.- .'¦ - v ¦¦
MEN i to I learn | barber trade ; catalogue mailed.'
.•;, 8. F. -Barber School. 741 A . Howard ; st. ¦ ¦ ¦
'PENSION atty. E.; KZ\ Bullish room 40.' Phelan
. : bldg.' Past Com. Qeo..H. K Thoma* Post.G.A.R.
McDONALD 'A S PERRY.' have I a large stock | of
v "new. and second-hand shoes; cheap.: 239 3d St.*
BUSINESS I CHAJTCES.^
r! O. WILKK Real Estate and Business
Agent <establWied 14 years). 26H • Kearny
et., rooms 0 and 10.
A $1000 coffee saloon and ¦ restaurant on
the water front. - close to Market st. ; dally i
receipts about $C3: buslnees clearing $300 per
month; trial giv«n: a splendid offer; Investl- I
gate at once. Eee R. G. WILKE. 20 W
Kcarny st. '
A— $3300; HOTEL and barroom with SO rooms.
In Point Richmond; rent $100; rooms nlways
occupied by <tnployee of railroad and Stand,
ard Oil. Company! board bill guaranteed ly
companies; owner n«v«r dears less than $300
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 V4 Kcar-
ny st.
X— 4900; SALOON en water front, with 8 fur-
nished rooms; 3 iron bedsteads in each
room: 2V> years' lease; rent $30; rooms alone
' Per $70 per month and saloon doing a good
business. See H. O. WILKS. 26 H Kearny.
A — $400- CIGAR stand, close to Market St.;
stock will Invoice the price; daily receipts
$10; rent $80. Call R. G. WILKB. 26 M
Kearny st. ' I
A — CIGAR stand close to Market and Ellis
its.: good will; S700 stock at Invoice; rare
chance; best business location. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C}j Kearny st. .
A— $1090; STATIONERY and school supply
store on Geary st. ; this store is kept by pres-
ent owcer 16 years and will stand closist
investigation. Call R. G. WILKE. 26tt
Kearny st. \
A— $360; EMPLOYMENT offloe. doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness tn owner's family. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $4000; ELEGANT and first-class saloon
close to Market St.; net rent $125: '.Vx years'
lease. Particulars R. Q. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A— #350; CIGAR stand on Third St.. close to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2650; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease; rent $60: on leading business
street south of Market; place established
years. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 23 >i
Kearny »t. .:'-.'-"
A — $1600; HALF Interest in one of the best
comer saloons on water front; lease; disagree-
ment of Dartnexs causa of sale: will eell
whole for $3400. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st. _l_j:
A— $1250*. CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. cloee
to S. P. freight sheds; S furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good oaylng business. See
It. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $K00; DAIRT Droduce and delicatessen
etore; rent $22: business clears above $100
per month: living room*: value in sight.
Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A^I — MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants,
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels bldg.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION! ' ~~
Are you looking for a safe and profitable busi-
ness opening In San Francisco? If so, we can
offer you any number requiring an Investment
from $100 to $50,000; every business opportu- I
nlty that passes through our office must stand
the closest Investigation, and we can place '
you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or,
in fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and Investigate. '
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels Building.
A PROMINENT percentage bookmaklng firm
proposes making one of the largest books on
the California racetracks during the coming
winter. The public Is Invited to take stock
in our book. Amounts received In sums of
$25 and upward/ Statements and settlements
made weekly. /tVe positively do not take
any chances, as this book will be conducted
strictly upon a percentage basis, the only
system of bookmaking that is certain of suc-
cess and has stood the test of years. Can use
eubscrlption of $2000 more. Call or write for
particulars, THE HERMIS CLUB, rooms 3
and 4. 930 Market ct. ¦
WANTED— A partner with $3000 to $3000 to
go Into sn old established jewelry and mu-
sical business, located In the best business
section of the city, paying 50 per cent profit.
Box 2962. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale which sold 4 months
ago for $C00; because of the non-union ideas
of the owner will now be offered for quick
sale at S175. Pacific Business Assn.. 1148
Market st. . ¥i"
BAKERY for sale, complete plant; horses and
wagon: good paying and old established busl-
ress; splendid opportunity. Apply to D. A.
CURTIN. room 24. third floor Mills bldg.
$1400 — OLD established bakery and coffee sa-
loon In Alameda County: all complete. P. C.
LASSEN A CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. CaL
WANTED^-Reliable, energetic party with
$1500 to manage moving picture circuit; rare
chance. Novelty Theater, Oakland.
GROCERY and bar with fixtures and living
rooms furnished; reasonable; no agents. 1401
Devlsadero st., cor. O'Farrell. "f
WANTED— Party to Invest in exclusive patent
right -Tor Pacific Coast. Address Patent, box
3432. Call. .
HORSESHOEING, carriage making business
for sale: owner leaving city; bargain. Fell
and Gough sts.
PARTNER wanted with capital for building
business; V, interest. Address box 2949, Call.
FOR sale — Barber shop; 3 steady chairs; big
bargain. Western Realty Co.. 1007% Market.
DELICATESSEN, liquor store; good location,
for sale; reas.; no agents. Box 3426, Call.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds: goldfish, seed
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1544 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room No. 406. "Examiner" building.
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date offices. Strictly business methods.
NEW AND MODERN.
47 rooms, elegantly furnished in velvet car.
pets and golden oak; elect He elevators; lease
fcr 5 years: make offer; will clear $215.
FIRST-CLASS HOTEL— $7000.
Cost $14,000; clears $400; aristocratic; corner
40 ROOMS— $3000.
Wide halls; 2 floors; rent $100; long lease-
building and furniture nearly new.
15 ROOMS— MAKE OFFER.
Near First Congregational Church; clears
$65 month; owner leaving city; installment
tale.
ie ROOMS— (600.
This big flat Is full of roomers; north of
market: rent $25; almost no work.
100 ROOMS— $8500.
Hotel, new and modern in every depart-
ment, electric elevator; electric lights, suites
with private baths: large commercial sample
rooms; long lease; special attention to tourist
and family trade. \
$200 DOWN.
8-room corner Cat. 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket: rent $30; price SCM); newly furnished.
OUR NICEST.
80 rooms, new and modern: extra fine fur-
nishings; hot water ln^very. room; very swell;
$1000 to $1500 cae{* necessary; clears $170.
$4500— Clears $400 TO $500.
Greatest transient money house In San
Francisco; will dear $400 to $500 a month;
the best buslnees proposition In this city; re-
duced for quick sale to $4500; strict accounts
kept. >
22 ROOMS.
Partly furnished house In nice location; 4
• blocks north _of Market: full; price $900.
" SEE ~ '!
TETLOW A DEACON.
Phone Folsom 2957.
1023 Market st.. between 6th and 7th, -
For hotels, rooming-bouses and business
chances, any part of the city.
A— $3000; PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and first-class patron-
mgt. See R. G, WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st. .
ELEGANT corner flat, 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $35; cheap, $900; Urge list of
bouses, 6 to 200 rooms. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny st.
$200—19 ROOMS, newly furnished: hot and cold
water every room: full of steady roomers;
electric lights. D. McRAE. 823 Mission St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become' disgusted '.with your work
eend for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, 355-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har-
¦ rlson St.; Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co..' J.. McQueen.
, proprietor. 329 Guerrero St., tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter sL ;
tei. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prlcej
reasonable.. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsrton 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES. '
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made.-.
city ; or PACIFIC: COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rocma 9-10; ; tel. 5586.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— Con.
3 « AND 10 hp.' gasoline engines; 2<]-hand: all
" sixes; new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Market.
NFW and t^nnd Jis^id mar hlnery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG. CO.. 519 Market st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento- at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard_& Breck. 131 Post st.
MILEs'of pipe and fittings: all slses. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. -1C9 Vallejo s t.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 10O
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second band. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;hamnccks.
metal beds. mattresses. J.F. Hotter.. 12 Mission.
Edison phonographs records, supplies, movlnj
picture machines, 'films. Baclgalupl. U33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on swond-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y
MISCELLANCOCS WANTS.
WANTED — Air compressor, duplex. 12x14. belt
driven ; state make.
1 Westtnghouse motor. 60 to 73 horsepower.
1 return Cue tubular boiler. 54x18. complete
with fixtures, stack, etc.: give lowest cash
price.
All the above must be In first-class condi-
tion; to be delivered f. o. b. Sacramento.
Box 2C98. Call office.
PAINTING, tinting, papering and wall paper
cleaning; work done at right prices. M. H.
MORRIS. 1214 Geary st.; phone 21K).
I WILL give 3c each for "Call pictures."
JONES. 1514 Park st.. Alameda.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG prlc« paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton at.: phone Buah 434.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA A— HERMAN~MURPHTr~~ -~~"~~— "*
601-6w?-60Tt Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property tn trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people en
their note without security or knowledge oC
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO.. 68 and 69 Donoho«
building. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
. lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S49
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 13 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
_ TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 70*.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
' 46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no rensov.
al. no commission, no publiclty;$23 up: quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M~. JACOBSEN A CO.. room 621. Emma Spreck-
els building loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential; low rat3S.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, slrrer.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHALS. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture: indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow more money on your furnitures
than any other place in city; no commission.
G12 Parrott building; phone South €55.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass*n. loans on salaries confiden-
tially; new. simple plan. Room 50. 813 Market.
ON" personal and real property. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 7CS Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. 6th floor. Chronicle bldg.
9% ON furniture A piano*; f 13 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy st. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53$ Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming; loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual 3av.Bk.bM.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner bldr.
RENT a piano for $3 per month; we allow six
months* rental of the purchase price If you
wish to buy; this gives you six months' trial
of the instrument for nothing; If the piano
rented does r.ot suit w« allow the rental on
any Instrument in our stores; with such goods
as the McPhail of Boston, the Schiller and
cur own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every on* In quality,
price and terms. See the. Scott-Curt«ui
"Bijou,"' the smallest full scale piano In Saa
Francisoj. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO..
f.CO-62-64 Hayes st.
ALL uprights on our bargain slate to-day—
Collard. $35; Fllsher. $50: Sherman A Hyde.
$100; Weber. $65; Kimball. $113: Mansfield &
Notni, $125; Haynes. $150; American, $163;
Chlckerins, $167; Emerson. $172: Miller.
$175; 2 Stelnways, large and small sixe. $1S5
*nd $290; Heine, large style, slightly used.
$325. Rents $2 up. apply on purchase; In-
stallments $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
237 Geary st_: Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Broadway, old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclu-
sive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos,
aa they are seldom satisfactory, but we hava
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers axe the Behr Bros.. Baumelster and
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIO
CO.. 7B9 Market rt. '
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
" up. Including such m&Jces as Chickertng,
Vose JCroeger. Curtaa, Klrkham. Peas*.
Hardman. Marshall & Wendell. Baus and
Others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st. No branches in Son Francisco.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Estey organ,
two banks of keys and pedal bass; cost $750;
your own price. BOWERS & SON. 11 Mason.
BAND Instruments; F. Bcsson. Parts, maker:
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pae. Coast. 273 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'»,2S3 O'Farrell.
A RARE chance; a Hornung Bros." uprigM:
little used; muat be told. 216 McAllister gt.
RARE chance; cash or payments: elegant his!»
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead Storage. 1636 Market st.
SOIIMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Po«t st.
SUPERIOR violins.' -ilthers. old and new. Jf^
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placo.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
st.; rent $30. Apply 636 Clay St.. room I.
_ PERSONALS. -
A SPECIAL RATE.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
To all whom I have made prices to since Jan.
1 1903, and for the ensuing 30 days only. I will
make a liberal reduction from all prices for my
special and inimitable de*^-* 1 "'^. 1 * treatment.
The lady who has been on exhibition for soms
time past In the drugstore windows may b« seen
at my office this week from 1O to 3. m order to
accommodate those who* have requested to ex-
amine the face more thoroughly In private.
I teach my profession. M. ELLA HARRIS,
781 O'FarreH st.. near Larkln.
WRINKLES and all facial blemishes removed
by new Parisian method; superfluous haJr r»-
moved by electrolysis; lessons given in man-
icuring; terms reasonable. MME. H. EAST-
WOOD, r. 702. Alto bid?.. Bueh and Kearny.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp:at druggists'. hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1333 Pol*
' NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVAN3. agent. 1021 Market st.
CATARRH, asthma and bronchia] troubles
cured at home; fr»«~treatment for on* week.
Addr**s Empire M»dlclne Co.. 707 Minna st.
I LIQUOR habit cured tn 2 days or no chante*;
guaranteed. Aern* Liquor Cure Co., 007 llar-
¦ ket. St.. room 203.
ELEGANT suits on easy Inntallments: BO cent*
and up per wtek, X.BON I.EMO9. l}4f
"J Market St.. bet. S«v»nth and Eighth.
' DANCING Tuesday. Thumtay. Saturday. Sun-
. day evgs.. Tvutcmt* Hall. Howard St.. nr.
I 9th; Prof. Fo»t«r; t»ct«ty danftns: taught.
ANDERSON— El»r*nt th«*trte*t and masquer-
ade coaturo** r*ntoxt. S4 O'Farrell «t ...
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continued.
A — MURRAY. A READY. . 634-636 Clay St. 7
- Phone Main 6848. .
Leading- Employment and Labor Agents. •
1902 We Gave. . ......... .1903 Well Give
43,000 Men Work/ . 60.000 Men Work.
' ARIZONA.
V ARIZONA.
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
. ¦ . ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen. j
8TABLES, FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands. 930. |35. (iO found;
milkers, $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60.
3C3 wood choppers.
2S7 tleraakers.
COOKS, . WAITERS. PORTERS
Cooks, hotels,, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city • and country. $30 to $70 and
found; waiters, city and country. $25 to $43
and found ; butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $00
and found. I
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
Laborers and teamsters, many in San Fran-
cisco, |2. $2 25.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COAL. OREGON. FREE FARE.
' Miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
12 CABINET makers.
Gang edgerman. lumber co.. $65 fd.
Old Mexico. Free Fare.
Carriage trimmer, boss here, good wages.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COUNTRY HOTELS.
Man and wit*, man as waiter, wife as cham-
bermaid, $5O found.
Cook and wife, man as cook, wife as cham-
bermaid, email hotel, $60 found.
2 coat makers; 16 coopers; track foreman.
Mr. Arpleton. carpenter, please report.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WHY pay big prices to have your- shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 25o, 60a
and 60c. while you wait at 663 Mission st.,
etb. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.7
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. 7
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d stsw
GET your shoes half soled white waiting; 25c
to BOc. B6S Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d «t».
HORSES AND WAGONS.
TO Whom It May Concern— We will sell at
public auction at the Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St., Wednesday, Nov. 17. at 11 a.
m., one phaeton and single harness, the
property of Frank M. Stone (the same being
sold for storage bill). Devlsadero-st. Sta-
ble. ASMUS A WISECARVER.
ALL kinds of horses, wagons, carts, buggies
and harness sold at' auction every Tuesday
11 a. m. at 1140 Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big etore.
1145-1147 Market at.. San Francisco. -
MUST Mil: come and see open rubber tired
hack with brake; $300. 1327 Pierce st.
HORSE, $25: young jack. $100; top wagon. $60;
buggy. $10; cart, $15. 79 City Hall ave.
A LOT of cheap horses at Fifteenth and Shot-
well.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses.
327 Sixth «t.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
Largest aseortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey,harness,work.drivlng horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.
8 ROOMS and yard. 517 Clipper St., near
Twenty-fourth and Castro.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HO WELL. 2S Post St..
* LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — November 13, in Sutter-st. car. about 8
p. m., an alligator grip containing grip, etc.;
reward for return, $7 50 and no questions
asked. RICHARD BEHRENDT. 28 CFar-
rell st.
BLACK pearl; lost the 9th lnst.; $100 reward
If returned to A. SCHILLING & CO.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla 8avlngs
Bank of San Francisco in the name of DORA
/E. CRAIO. No. 248-1001. Finder please re-
¦ turn to the bank.
LOST— Off Baden Point, Sunday night, new red
duck boat. 12 feet. long, 4-foot beam. Finder
notify Anderson's Shipyard, Hunters Point;
reward. .
LOST — A gold locket with monogram F. W.
W. ; valuable as keepsake. Return to 1018
Market St.. hat store, and receive reward.
LOST— Tooth watch charm, ornamented with
letter "G." Reward, 316 McAllister st.
LOST — Wednesday. Knleht Templar jewel
(watch charm); suitable reward. 210 Cal. at.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
- In obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY.KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs. ¦
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
. sold, must vacate February 1. 1904; save
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
• BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIX-
. TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK? ! ', .-
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — New 60-ft. gasoline launch with
modern 40- horsepower engine and all extras;
good business: only -cash sale considered. Ad-
drcss G. B.. box 620. Sacramento. CaL
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
, pulleys, shafting, etc.. .etc. bought, sold.
rented and exenanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE M'CH'Y Co.. 130-132 Beale st.
DOGS — Hhow your dog at - the great combina-
tion show. Mechanics' Pavilion, December 2
to 6; send for premium list. N. J. STUART.
Polhemus St.. San Jose.
CATS — Don't fall to show your cat at the great
; show,*. Mechanics' Pavilion, December 3 to
•6; premium lists now ready. MRS. N.
STUART.- 33 Market St.. secretary.
BEAUTIFUL collection of Moro krises, bolok.
spears, shields, etc. Apply PVT. KAUF-
- MANN. Hospital Corps. General Hospital,
Presidio, between 1 and 3.
A— Fine > suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60. Origl-
: . nal - Misfit t Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
- near Bush; open to 9 p. m. ; Sunday to noon.
A— f3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Bop-
¦'ular.Pric*,. Hatters, 330 Kearny st,. near •
¦ Pine; open till" Op. ra. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells , or ¦ rents gear machinery! en-
glnes. boilers, water pipe. ¦ shafting, pulleys,
* etc - WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
2 72x16 HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
. /and • all fittings. TRACY . ENGINEERING
."CO.; .151 Fremont «t., San Francisco. |
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used. . sold at cost :
¦ new . Underwood visible typewriter catalog '
* ¦ sent free. R. E. Revalk A Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men'a . shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;.;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
- charges. . 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog, free. ,
IMPROVED ' Slnser - sewing machine ' for sal* ,
cheap. - 28 : Seventh st., room 9.
A VERY, fine diamond heart for $210 at W.' J.
; HESTHAL'S.-'IO Sixth ¦*.'-';
SPIRITUALISM.
Returned— MUs C. C. Kotter circle every eve..
10c; Mon. eve. developing circle; sittings dal-
ly; L; S0c.Q. ri; card reading 26c. 84 6th.r.l2
PROF. Fred P. Hvans. noted psychio for slate-
wrltlog and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy et.. nr. . Octavlal phone Scott 887.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, rending* dally,
9:30 to 4t seances Sunday and Thursday." - ¦
CLAIRVOYANTS.
"^ i>ROFEsioir~PAUL DE8TINE. .
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Franc'sco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, occu-
l>atlon and what you called for; I promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or sweethtart 1» true
or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact. I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself: I will give
you luck that wins success In love, marriage, ul-
voroe, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 *.«•*<> 8 P-, m -
32(3 O'Farrell st. — 830. Readings (1.
MME. M. BERNARD. "„ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; sh« reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portraym events to
oocur In. the future; If you are in, trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In life, or hav«
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of Ufe; 28c up: satisfaction
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4B69.
A—L-i-V-O-R-N-O.
L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
iVHyv,," The World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 Kearny st.
Over Hammersmith A Fields. Phone Black 2435.
DO NOT LOSE HOPE.
"Madame Llvorno saved ma serious mis-
takes," says Sarah Bemhardt. Thousands say
the same thing. Three questions by mall. $1.
Send month and year of birth. •
LIFE MYSTERIES REVEALED~
MRS. DR. E. SANDERS,
Spiritual medium; only teacher of mind teleg-
raphy in the world whose system never falls.
Learn It; It will bring you HEALTH.
WEALTH and LOVE. Develop* mediums
and teaches occultism. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 418 Post st.
ISMAR the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send poetofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant. ¦
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th et.. near Market.
MME MARSEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies. 25c; gents. 50c. 545 Minna st.
OLDEST lad- palmist and card reader in city.
2«i*4 Kearny, room 20; ladleg 25c; gents 50c.
MIES WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 9 p. m. 413 Mason ;no sign.
MME. BARTAN, professional card reader.
21634' Sixth gt. : 25c. -
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist: card read-
er; 25c. 50c. C20 Jones st.: hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. -MSVs Jessie st., bet. Cth and Cth.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$27 50— 6-ROOM cottage to let. Key at Park
House. 2304 Fulton St. ¦ - .' ¦ .
CREDIT CIiOTHIBBS. ¦_
C? F. ADAMS CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; every thing up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. .
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg?T~Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Ba«ford Obtun-
der, the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration . and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 60; fillings. 50c;
platee. $5; full set; al work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowna $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
IIEALD'S .""bUSIN ESS COLLEGE. 24 POST^ s!
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy: a ?horough school of
dancing; established 20 yearn.- 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now op:u for the teoscn.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; epeclal summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln sti
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern .methods; individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan . bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of 'Acting, . the
foremost institution of the kind In the entire
West: 12 teachers; send for catalogue. Native
Eons' bldg., 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
• day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard St., nr.
9th. Prof. Foster;- society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, tnln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlcity.24 Post
St.. S. F.; % practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THYSICAL culture class for gents only; $5
month. Box 2060. Call.
GOLDEN Gate Com'.I College. 630 Gfllden Gate
ave.; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION. . .~. . .Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES..:"
GEORGE AO^Kir^TpostTt ; tel. "'BushTisj^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshe g beet help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. . Main 5752.
A — GRAND JapaJiese-Chlnese Emi>. Office. 410
Stockton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Emp'oyment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estah. 20 years
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
REFINED American woman wishes to take
charge of a rooming-house of about 25 rooms;
will do the work; salary $35 and room.'Ad-
dress J. H.S.. box 2018, Call office. '
A GOOD laundress. wishes work; would do
sweeping; reference; $1 76 per day. Box 2963
Call office. ¦¦..., ,-.
YOUNG lady would like situation in candy
store: has exDerience and best of references.
Box 2950, Call office. , -
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor.* Duncan A Church sts.
EMPLOY.MENT WANTED— MALeT 7^
SOBER, industrious, middle-aged single . man
wants situation; " small wages; . familiar with
general merchandise " or " plain waiter. ' Box
2958. Call office. . . .
Al" DRAUGHTSMAN,' experienced ' In V. both
mechanical and . etructural draughting, and
design, desires permanent position, i Addresa
box. 2057. Call office. -. : -" •_
YOUNG ' German. 24, r wants position to 'leant
¦bartending. -Box 2961. : Call office. .. v
GERMAN, architectural drapghtsman, desires
¦ work; would also do any kind of .work.-- Box
2917, Call office. . . "•• J: ¦¦
MAN.' : 30 . years : old, wants ' position as ship-
ping clerk;- good- letters 'and references. - E.
MARTIN, 632 Third st. .
POSITION , wanted "- as ' collector. J salesman » or
' assistant ' bookkeeper by. experienced and 'en-
- ergetic . man ; «ity references. - Box 8437, Call.
PROFESSIONAL ¦ photographer, '..with 17' years'
. experience. '-: desires situation. Addrvss Pro-
¦ t erslonal Photographer, , box 3131,"" 1 Call. ' ; '
MAN wants situation as porter or utility man
.'¦ about hotel. .'Address Porter, 614 ' Kearny st.
THE^CALL
JO gET D. B?STCggL3, Proprietor.
AMIES CcmilaUili ID IDES KcSAUSHT.KaiBgr
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week, : 73
Ct». Per Month. Single Copies S Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : „
DAILY CALL (lndud. Sunday), 1 year. .85. 00
DAILY CALL (lndud. Eunday). « mos.. 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 - w
¦fmrtvin^ DaUy. ...18. SO Per Year Extra
£?5? ia ,* Sunday.. 4.16 P«r Year Bxtra
POSTAGE. weekly.. 1.00 Per T»*r Extra
AI-L POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE BUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Ccples will t* forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall rubscrtbers In ordering cbanr* •*.**:
tr>*f should be particular to give both New
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r»-
ouect
OAKLAND OFFICE: -£l
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 108X
BERKELEY OFFICE: _
*HS Ceoter Street Telephon* North TT.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 O Street. N. W.
NEW. YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - Astoria Hotel: A. Breutano, 81
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-aTs-
cue Hotel and BcSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houee: P. O. News Co.; Oreat
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-Martjuotte Build's;
(Locg Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT-
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
uctll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
fJ7 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open un-
til 8:S0 p. m. .
TOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
<30 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f!5 Larkln 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1&41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
S2CI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. ra.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1CO6 Valencia rtreet; cpen until. 9 p. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
r?r*' Dllmore ttreet: open until 9 p. m.
CHUtCII SKRV1CF.8. ]
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk St.— Preaching
to-morrow. Sabbath at 11 a. m. and 7 p.
m.. by the pastor. H. H. Bell. D.D. Morn-
ing theme. "The Blessed Dead." Evening
theme "Justlfled." by Rev. William S. Mc-
Dougal. Sabbath school. 9:45 a. m. C. E.
Societies at 5:30 and 6:30 p. m. Strangers
cordially invited to all services. Pews free.
Courteous ushers. Come and bring your
friends.
MEETI\G NOTICES.
BrECIAL meeting of Godfrey de tKT
Ft. Omar Council No. 1, Knights a .'HI [jl
Kadosh, SATURDAY EVENING, JS*&'£!Z£X.
November 14. at s o'clock. Re- J*sVii : S2?l
e»ptlon of petitions. •-' |59|
HENRY BURNER, Recorder. aJB*
MEMBERS of Occidental Lodge No. 22, « j
F. end A. M.. are requested to as- VV"
eemble at Masonic Temple, corner /V\
Poet and Montgomery su>., at 11
o'clock SUNDAY* MORNING to attend the
funeral services o\*er the remains of our
deceased brother. ALBERT JOHNSON. By
order of the Worshipful Master.
WALTER Q. ANDERSON. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (SATUR- "vV
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. First J^\
decree. By order of \T. a. T-V
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— m
Officers and members are requested to VV
assemble at the Ferry building THIS
(SATURDAY) EVENING to proceed ,
by the 6J5 o'clock boat to Mill Valley to par
a fraternal visit to Mill Valley Lodge. F and
A. M. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A M.,
meets THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER-^tt-
NOON at 2 o'clock and THIS EVEN- iCX
ING at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. /?>
By order of the Master.
J. R- GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON Lodge No. 260. F. and Q
A. M.. 1S38 Flllmore st. Flnt Degree W
, THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING at
— 7:30 o'clock. • .
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. ¦•^rrr'tc
2. I. O O. F.— Regular meeting .£v!f»fcC*>
THIS 'SATT-RDAY) EVENING,
Second Cejree. *^Skt!&^
WM. B. CURTIS. P. M.
GOLDEN GATE Harbor No. 40. rw
A. A. M. an«l P. of P. V.— fliT »
Fj*>e:el meeting SUNDAY, ft* 30R393**'
November 15, at Pythian tft, a *"
Castle, 909 Market st., at 2 mjt^
p. m. The Worthy Grand U
Captain. J. C. SILVA will be present.
P. N. STOFEN. Captain.
J. T. JONES. Captain's Clerk.
OLYMPIC Club Bondholders— Holders of bonds
are requested to assemble in the red room
of the Olympic Club on Wednesday evening,
the 25th. 1903 at 8 o'clock.
WILLIAM GREER HARRISON. Pr*e.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from United Gold and Copper Company
in Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near j
Cherokee. Butte County, Cal., draining . into
Erring Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
River, gives noMee that meeting will be held
at room 90. Flood building. San Francisco,
Cal.. November 30. 1903. tt 1:30 p. ra.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting — The annual meet-
Ing oZ The Union Ice Company will be held
at the office of the company, 324 Pine St..
Ban Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November
IS. 1903, at 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board cf directors to serve for the
ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
!rf. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary.
November 4. 1903.
E !EHl G j^i sc - 1VDAY *
KATIE HEUSSMANN'g lecture tests to-night.
free; fiOO Market St.; circle Friday eve. 25a.
1000 Harrison st.: sittings dally; tel. Mint 997
ATTOBXEVS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER, »
ATTORNEY. AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suit 322. Emms Epreckels building.
Diroret* quietly and legally obtained for
elgbt causes; damaees secured (or 'injuries to
person or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for lebts: bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated: estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW A COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. S3 910 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small,
attended to: attachments ; bonds furnished- oor-
»>orations organised: civil and criminal practice
Tel. John 6226. Open evenings by appolntmentl
We solicit an Interview with you.
A P1UVATE. quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money: no pay in advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTOHNEY-AT-LAW.
E*t*b!!rhed 22 yrf.: rms. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 6. «st fl.
1122 Mcrket St., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
AA — THE Legal Advisory, inc.; reliable attor-
neys; practice in all courts; attachments di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate, 'fill
r.MA. SUB Crowley bldg.. N. E. cor. New
Montgomery and Mltslon et».; tel. John 2928.
P.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room Oil: all esses, damag-s, ectates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
tree: no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
lr.g. J. M. THURSTON. 619 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free — I will advance costs In all cases
of merit; no advance charges no fee unless
successful. E. J. BANKS. Examiner build-
ing, third floor. ,
DJ VORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advfoe
free; open evenlnrs. 927 Market St.. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
DIVORCE costs 112; open evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 918 Market, r. 62; phone Black 651
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 93 Chronicle bldg.:
commissioner for oaths. England and Ireland.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
- law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market. ,
If you should ever fall In love
: ¦ •: You'll "need a home. to. bouse your dove,
With furniture and things galore.
Which may be purchased in a store.
Of houses, flats of any size,
The Call prints lists, and if you're wise
You'll look them o'er, for then with ease
You'll find a place that's. sure to please;
And merchants who have things to sell
Our columns seek > of these to tell.
So we save folks a lot of trouble
When they conclude to go It double.Breaks Into a Drug Store.
Policemen Hurd and Fogarty saw a
man break Into the drug store ot O. W.
Barnett, : 8 \Turk street, early yesterday
morning and •waited till 1 he came out,
when they." placed him under arrest He
had forced , open \ the stamp drawer and
stolen 41 cents,- .which the, policemen
found In hla pockets. He gave the. name
of Harry Harnlsh and was booked at the
City* Prison on a charge, of burglary: In
his pockets he had a Yale " lock key,
which was booked "as evidence ; against
him. ' He is supposed to ' be the \ burglar
who has "several "drug " stores
within the last two weeka
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
£000 Brunswick . . 03 500 N Y " Ton. ... 05
200 Cent Eureka. 84 200 Oriole ¦ -45
400 Draper 14 1400 Paymaster .. Vi
100 Mont Ton ..1 00 1C00 Rescue 05
60 Mont Ton . . 99 600 Ton N Star. . 30
Afternoon Session.
600 Cent Eureka. 84 500 MacNamara . ¦ I*J
100 Cent "Eureka.' 83 400 Mont Ton ... 9O
200 Cent Eureka. 82 GC-tf Mont Ton ...1 00
300 Cent Eureka. 81 200 Oriole 45
BOO Cop Glance... SO 600 Rescue 05
500 Draper 15 100 Ton A Cal.... 21
600 Hannapah ... .10
CLOSIXO QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Nov. 13. — 4 p. m.
s Bld.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Alpha .OS 0T. Julia 06 06
Alta 01 . 02 Justice — 02
Andes 14 15 Kentack 03 04
Belcher 07 09 Keyea Graea. — 1 80
Best & Belch.l 30 1 35 Mexican 72 73
Bullion ...... 06 07 Occidental ... 25 27
Caledonia .... 69 1 00 Ophlr 1 40 1 45
Challenge Con 18 18 Overman .... 15 1«
Chollar 10 11 Potosl 10 n
Confidence ... 60 CVSavasre 14 15
Con Cal & V. 97 99, Scorpion .... 01 02
Con Imperial. 03 OJ.Seg Belcher.. 07 08
Con NY.... 03 05- Sierra Nev ..29 30
Crown Point. 12 13' Silver Hilt .. 50 61
Eureka Con.. — " 60 St- Louis .11 —
Exchequer ... 11 12 Syndicate .... — C6
Gould & Cur. 21 . 22 Union Con . . 40 4 1 •
Hale & Norcs 45 48 Utah ........ n 12
Lady Wash . . 00 04 Yellow Jacket - S2 34
TONOPAH MINES. .
f Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Esperanza .. 01 02 Ton Belmont. SO 97
Hannapah.... — 10 Ton & Cal... — 21
MacXamara . — 13jTon of Nev. .3 50 8 CO
Mont Ton .. 89 1 00 Ton N Star.. 30 31
Paymaster .. — 12 i Ton Midway . 33 3S
Rescue JXi 05 United Ton... — 12
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
George R. and Mlnora S. Kibbe to Georgie
Brown lot on W line of Forty-sixth avenue.
200 N 'of O street N 25 by W 120: also lot on
6E corner of Forty-sixth, avenue and L street.
E 57:6 by S 100; $10.
Arthur W. and Helen M. Parjrent to Robert
Mllllgan lot on E line of Forty-second avenue,
200 N of Q street. N 75 by E 120; $10.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to An
ton Zvietich lot on NE line of Godeua street.
100 NW of California avenue. NW 20 by NE
60- $10.
Same to Frank Meley. lot on NB lln« of
Godeus street 60 NW of California avenue.
NW 20 by NE 60, Precita Valley lot 375; $10.
S Ducas Company to Charles G. Stuhr. lot
on N line of Wilder street. 100 E of Diamond.
E 25 by N 100. lot 6. block 2. Falnnount Ex
tension Homestead: $10.
Emily M. N Kane, Arthur F. J. Nlcoll and
Theresa E N. Hutchlnson to Adele M, N. and
Agatha G Mason, lot on NE corner of Court
land avenue and Bennlngton street. N 87, E
28, S 88. W to beginning, lota 69, 71 and 72,
r b Relnstein to Jeremiah Collins and Bes
sie 'Flynn. lot 11, block E. Getz Addition to
Lakeview; $10. .
Sebastian and Doretta Gramllch to Israel S.
and FannU L. Zimet. lot on NW Une of Na
toma street. 150 NE of Sixth. NE 25 by NW
80: $4050.
Denis and Esther Redmond • to Stephen 3.
Herrick lot on W corner of Harrison street
and Marlposa 'terrace (Ellen). NW 40 by SW
60; $10.
James L. King to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10. - • ¦¦.. .••¦¦
Walter K. Bradbury to Margaret Taner.
lot on SE line of Harrison- street. 200 SW of
Seventh. SW 75 by SE 75: $10.
W. F. and Paula Williamson to David
Hartley, lot on E line of Mississippi street, 175
S of Mariposa. S 50 by E 100! $10.
Caroline Scherrer (by Guatave Scheerer and
Gustav H. Beisel, executors) to same, same;
$4025.
Jud N. and Mary A. Ward to F. G. Braln
erd, lot on W line of Twenty-flfth avenue. 2O0
N of Point Lobos avenue. N 25 by W 130; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters and George A.
Turner to Thomaa F. Giblin, lot on NJJ line
of Cliff' avenue. 80.13 NW of Thirty-eighth
avenue NW 50.08. N 102.42. E 50. S 106.34;
$10.
Union Trust Company to sam». lot on S
line of Point Lobos avenue. 32:6 W of Thirty
sixth avenue. W 50 by S 100: $10.
James and Annie Moran to Otto and Caro
line Stoll lot on E line of Tenth avenue. 175
N of O street. N 60 by E 120: $10.
Ban Francisco Savings -Union to Errninla A.
Davidson (wife of James), lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth street, 125 W of Hoffman ave
nue. W 51:8 by N 114: *120O.
Joslah B. Ryder to Loretta C. and Estella
V. Ryder, lot on NW line of De Boom street,
225 NE of Second. NE 25 by NW 80; gift.
Ellen and John H. Boardman to Rosa G.
Olsen. lot on E line ot Church, street. 104 S
of Twenty-third. & 25 by E 75; $10.
Matilda E. ¦ Moore to Remigio Valci, lot on
~W line of Oolllnrwood street, 173 N of Nine
teenth. N 26, W 125. 8 21:4. B 35:10^1, S
4:7. E 23:li;. S 0:1, E 66; $10.
Minnie Kllleen to ¦William E. and Alice A.
Perry, lot on E line of Bartlett street. 150 S
of Twenty-sixth, S 25 by B 100; $10.
David W. Cronln to Michael J. and Mary
A. Kelley. lot on W line of Florida street,
140 S of Twenty-sixth. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Henry H., alias Harry Meyer, to Peter
Feach, lot on SW corner of Geary and Leguna
atreets. W JM:4^ by S 137 :&; $500.
Emma G. Butler to Oscar Harri*. lot on N
line of Butter street, 102:6 E of Steiner. E
CO by N 137:6; $10.
Meyer J. and Sophie Newmark to William
and Celia A. Curlett, lot on W lino of Pierce
street, 50 N of Vallejo, N 25 by W 100.^10.
Thomas and Rose A. McDonald to same, lot
on NW corner of VaJleJo and Pierce streets,
N 60 by W 100; $10.
Adam and Wllhelmina Heunisch to Georgia
E. Mayhew, lot on N line of Fulton street,
112:6 E of Broderick. E 25 by N 115; $10.
Capital Investment Company to Tony Lauter
(wife of Nathan), lot on- £ line of First ave
nue 52:11% N of Sacramento ktreet, H
100:10%. S 25. W 112:1%. N 25:1%: $10.
David Fitzgibbon to Mary A. McCann and
Eliza J. Stoddard. lot on NW corner of Thir
teenth and Harrison streets, N 30:011, W &O.
S 4t):0U. E SO; gift.
Estate of Jacob Schmitt (by Jacob M.
Schmitt, administrator) to George M. Wl!son,
lot on \V line of Bartlett street, 120 N. of
Twenty-third, N 40 by W 125; $3500.
George M. and Ida S. Wilson to William J.
Herrln. same; 410. I . •
Maude B. Moulan (Fisher) to Mary E. Berry
(wife of Fulton G.), lot on B line of Van
Ness avenue. 60 S of Washington street. S
M:8 y 4 by E 120; J10.
REAL ESTATE TEANSACTI0NS.
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 13.
BAN DIEGO. Nov. 13.-F. W. Scott, an
elderly man, who was badly hurt a few
days ago by being: thrown from his car
riage during a runaway, died this after
noon from his injuries.
Bunaway Accident Proves Fatal.
A debate on the merits of capital and
labor will be held under the auspices of
the "Men's Club" at the First Congrega
tional Church. Post and Mason streets,
on the evening: of November 17. The
speakers will be: Georgre Renner for cap
ital and Patrick H. Scullln for labor. Th«
there of the discussion will be. "How
to Best Harmonize Capital and Labor."
Debate on Labor and Capital.
The Ninth-street Baptist Church was
crowded when President Stevens called •
the convention to order at 9:30 a. m. Fol- {
lowing the crusade psalm and the cru- ¦
sade hymn, prayer was offered by the !
Rev. Dr. William HcSurley of Oxford. Af
ter the roll call by Clara C. Hoffman of
Missouri the representatives of the ex
ecutive and other comittees were pre
sented, when addresses of welcome and
responses were made and telegrams and
letters read. Then Mrs. Lillian M. N.
Stevens of Portland, Me., delivered the
president's annual address.
To-night welcoming addresses were de
livered by representatives of the local
churches, State and local branches of the
W. C. T. ' U. and other organizations,
with responses by Mrs. Stevens and oth
ers. An overflow meeting was^conducted
In another church by the Rev. Anna J
Shaw of Pennsylvania. «
CINCINNATI. Nov. 1&— The thirtieth
annual convention of the "W. C..T. U. be
gan a session of six days here to-day with
a very large attendance. At 8:30 a. in.
primary meetings and conferences were
held. The purity conference, of which
Mrs. Helen I* Bullock was leader, was
addressed by Mr». C. E. Hunt of Illi
nois and others.
Addresses of Welcome to a
Large Throng of Dele
gatss.
Annual Convention of
W. C.T.U. Begins in
Cincinnati.
WOMEN SPEAK
FOR TEMPERANCE
PLOW OP BIVEBS.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California, rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal
ing 50 California miner's Inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's inches. The figures for tfwi
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMXE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
(Second Fe*t. -
1 —:
1802. I 1W3.
November t SOO 33
November 2 SOO 35
November 3 3^0 35
November * 250 35
November 6 ZTiO 35
November 6 300 35 .
November 7 ' COO ' 33
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE. \ .
J902. I 1903.
November 1 320 232 .
November 2 XZt
November 8. 285 2^2
November * 2S3 232
November 5 2S5 232 I
November 6 2*3 222
November 7... 233 232 :
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLE.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1
1802. I 1903.
November 1.... 29 14
November 2 29 1*
November 3 2» 18
November 4 27 «1S
November 6 27 IS
November 6 27 13
November 7 27 23
THE SA2s FBASCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 1903.
13
'REAL ESTATE— CITV— FOR SAL|E :
CREDIT AUCTION.-
CREDIT AUCTION.
CREDIT AUCTION.
CBEDIT AUCTION*. '
CREDIT AUCTION.
CREDIT AUCTION.
THURSDAY NOV. 19, 1903,
AT 12 M.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
1-S CASH, REMAINDER IN 1. 2. AND 3 TRS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
D<>vlsr*ero lot; 34xl03:lU; east lice of De-
visadero, 63 ft. south of Union; splendidly;
adapted for residence or modem Cata. <
Green -st. lot; superb matin'" view; 34:1H-'
137:6; south 11a« of- Green; 103:1',. esst of
DtrUsdero. - ¦' - ¦-•..-
I — I " • '« lot .
*< 3 - « g (167) C
C 3 4tl' g) 29 2 . 5 FSMA1ND53AT.. S
S a c 3-$ .: f, $io per nohffH. g
Ea_ i vT% c .WTtRtSTG^t °
|__2 — * 3 241KST. CARS O
g a 8 fcS * WITHIN ONC BLOW g
5 5 9 t 947 -sj ALLUN5S TRA»»- £
** }i , tel i a car--' — g -
III I 11 1 I |j j T~
a , H ft *J " 3 O=
lifH> j_ _| ____ _j _r it ij v, T1 , .
ItfVADA W» iV* OTUtT
t7tM riAgiPoaA- ,5t. t;
1 SOLD /I 1
. • /to K \^ 5
g^ «/<3OU7
S 3/ ** * P
E £/ wmolc £
§ /T4^ST.CARS WITHW $ "
/ONE. 5L0CH B
p > ALL UNE3 TRANSFER S
g 8; TO MTfSTCAR3... g
E * .too I
P (18tn) < _5OLAriO Or
60xlO<V-W. line of Arktnias, commendnj 1
8i0 ft. B. of Colata (Twenty-sixth st.)
QOxlOO— W. line of Connecticut, commene-
lnii 4S8 ft. S. of Colusa or Twenty-sixth.
! 75x100m-E. line of Michigan, commencing'
2(K» ft. S. of Colust or Twenty-sixth.
i 100x100— E. line of Missouri, commencing
60 ft. S. of Yolo or Twenty-flfth. .
25x100— E.* line of Ark«ns«s, commencing
200 ft. N of Nerada or Twenty-third.
.23x100— K. W. cor. Nevadt or Twenty -third
tnd Connecticut.
50xl0<V— W. line of Connecticut, commeire-
! inr 60 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-tblrd.
; 75x100— E. line of Connecticut, eoranienc-
lnj 100 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
97:6x100— E. lln» of Connecticut, com-
menclcg 350 ft. N of Nevada or Twenty-third.
¦ 100x100 — TV. line of Ultiaoarl. commencing
100 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
i DOxlOO— N. W. cor. Missouri and Nevada
or Twenty-third.
BOxlOO— E. line of Connecticut, commencinx
100 ft. iouth of Nevada or Twenty-third.
' 50x100 — E. line o_ Connwtiput. coannenc-
lng 2fK> ft. S. of Nerada or Twenty-third. ;
50x100— W. line of Missouri, commencing
100 ft. S. of Nevada or Twenty-tblrd.
60x100— W. Hoe of Misoouri. comaencing
; 200 ft. S. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
i 50x100 — E. line of Missouri, comaaoelnf
i 60 ft. S. of Nevada op-Jwenty-third.
60x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 100
ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
48:8HxlOO— E. line of Mississippi, com-
iBenclng 125 ft. N. of Nevada or Twenty-,
third. j
i 25x100— S. E. cor. Texas and Nevada or.
Twenty-third. J
25x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 23
ft. S. of Nevada or Twenty-third.
100x100— E. line of Texas, commencing 300
ft. N. of Tolo oc Twenty-flfth.
j BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
6 rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date in every particular; Nos. 966 and 96S
Clayton st.. near Golden Gate Park; price
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS. 114 Montgomery st.
; BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per* cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
j FOR pale — SE. corner of Vicksburg and Ellx-
! abeth; lot 50x114; $2400. 2536 Howard st.
I A WEEKS news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ' ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$050U — BUILT and formerly occupied by the
present Governor at a cost of $lK>00; house
of 10 rooms; dfnlng-room. library, hall and
entrance finished in hard wood; hot air
heaters, modern Diumbinir, electric spark
lighting. 5 expensive mantels; beautiful
style of architecture; fine marine view;
corner lot, 75x125, with rustic stone coping
and Iron fence, cost over $1000; convenient
to school and cars and business center;
present owner a non-resident and must
eell; no reasonable offer refused; first
come first served. J. S. MYERS or GEO.
W. AUSTIN. .
$3250— JUST think of It; 2 cottages, 5 rooms,
bath, basement, brick foundation, hot and
cold water, gas, street work all complete;
J T;- /¦ lot 50x160; fruit trees, carriage driveway;
< near school, local train, cars and business
j center; present Income $32 per month:
owner has gone East and his instructions
are to sell; we must sell, we Will sell to
the first applicant who will talk cash and
make reasonable offer. J. S. MYERS or
GEO. W. AUSTIN. . .
$5500. REDUCED from $6500 — Death compels
owner to leave for Los Angeles and he Is
forced to sell: location, Webster 6t., near
19th; only 3 blocks from the business cen-
• ter. postof flee and narrow-Kau?e local ; 7
rooms, bath: only occupied 7 months; open
lawn. colonJal style, nickel plumbing,
plate rlassTyn fact an ideal home; must
be sold ; see 1 It and make offer. J. • S
MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN.
*2500 COST and Is xvorth $3000— 35th St., near
San Pablo; only 4 blocks from Key route
station; SO minutes from this house to
San Francisco by Key route; only one
fare: a modern bay-window cottage of 5
rooms, bath, high basement; lot 30x140;
2-story barn, gravel drives; in fact, an
ideal home; terms only $500 cash, balance
mortgage. Seeing: is believing: call early;
must be cold; no reasonable offer refused.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN 1002
Broadway. _
ABSOLUTELY new 6-room house bath gas
and electricity, elegant paneled dining-room,
fireplace, buffet, etc; lot 38x116; in fashion-
able Linda Vista district; $350 down, only
$25 monthly; $3250; worth $3500; selling ac-
count change of business. Call or address
"Owner." 410 Walsworth ave.. Oakland.
SPECIAL bargains — Two fine flats, rented for
$50 per month; price only $4700; good loca-
tion; also a fine 4-room cottage, with bath;
$1050. P. CLASSEN & CO.. 468 Tenth
st, Oakland, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
- ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st..cor.store.OakInd.
BUJbTUKS CT7BEP. '-.;- .. : -_.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER, 1206 Market st.
-¦ Send for circular. .Why will you suffer? ¦
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingbam, 204 Sutter st.
'jr rr:w;oxALy — C _?^1}^^1
THVPICIAN. 15 y^an' »xr«rience. cures per-
rr.Rrertlv mcrrhirie cocaine habit. Call cr
*.1.Jr*>« Central Pharmacy. »1 Grant ave..
• corner Sutter gt. ; foe moderate.
PBC3CKEKKE88 Bon*ine and all £niffs dis-
eases positively cured t^T Willow Bark Co.,
'• T833 Polk rt.: consultation free; call or write.
\T It* than cc*t. uncalled for sw'.U. overcoats
. and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market ft-
?;*ITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. mcrch.ta-:ors.727-729 Market.
srPERFLVCff"? ha'r & moles remcve.1 by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mr?. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best rl»ce to buy rood -jinbrelU* cr
hsve them covered cr repaired \a 123 Stocktcn
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO; fircea pact* $2 Id.
Mlffit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bash and Duyoot
MASQUERADE costs-.nes, T>lay books. T"lrC
country crCcr*. GOLI^TEIN A CO.. 723 Hkt.
ALFREDI'lTS E*ryp«*n H^nua re«tor«»~RT«y
hair to Us natural color; Si; at all dru_rifts\
Fcr*r2uo«* hair ar.4 moles Tvnwred T»ith cVe-
ttic neoflle. Mrs. A Miss Eaten. 111? Sxnter.
PALKiTRV.
_ — —
itiTE. IT-EVAS. scionUSc pa!xak>t aad astroSo-
gist: calm readier* *1; 3 que#UoK« by *x-
rriys. $1: open Tuesday eve, also. 133 Peat rt
I'ROr.'VVALKEIl.pa.lmlst.niedJ'jn.tens ot love,
rcarrtage.lsw.bu-lnegs.etc SSS^Howard.r. 9.
II. JEP.OSIE FOSELLI. eclentlne c-lraist. S15
Taylor Ft., near G»ary. Phone Black 561.
¦. ' ¦ |
VAI'EnHAXGIXG, PAIXTIXO. ETC j
KOOMS pumd, $3 SO up; tlntias. patntlnir.
H:i.r:m»rn Paint Co.. 319 3d St.; tei. Main 413.
• rHYSlCIA.XS AXD SOlGEOyS.
Pit C C O'DONNELL— Offlee ani resides*.
1021H Market ft., bet. Gth aad 7th; parilcu-
lar attention paid to <Jl»ea»c» of women.
KLOOD. skin and rectal diseases a syeciaJty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
. treats a!I diseases cf the human body; fox
past four jears at 115-117 ilas^n; now ls-
csted at 6C7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHT. successor M Dr. Li Po
Tsi. herb doctor, cures ail dlsemses of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 V»'ast_tieton st.
CR. H. C. WONG. 719 Pest it.; _!1 diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; c>>nsu:taUcn free.
WONG WOO, the famous herb djctor— All dls-
««»*« cured by Ch;n«-g» fcerbt. 746-8 Clay >t-
rooms for not >f.ki:epixc.
APOLLO apartments? S2S Eddy— Kew~bulld£».
hasdsotne!y furnished 2 and 3 room apart-
raests; every convenience for housekeeping 1 ;
reasceaMe; within 5 minutes' vcalk to town.
EIRCH. 8X3 — Three rood unfurnished rooms
for homeKeepiKg; t7. Apply 642 Grove st.
ELEVENTH 10G — 2 correcting sunny furnish-
ed rooms for housekeeping.
FOURTEENTH, 72C. north of Market— Hacse- !
• keeping roorr.f ; carr-ets new.
GOLDEN GATE. 1042— A parlor Coor of 4 |
moms, furnished; u^e of pia.no: conveniences '
of entire flat; sunny and pleasant.
JONES, 117 — Or.e. two cr three Funny house- ',
keeping rooms; reasonable.
I-ODEL HOUSE. 12W5 Stocktcn E t.— Newly fur- j
nished rooirj. t5-fl2: bath. ras. phone.
POLK. C12— $j«: bedror.m and k'.tchen; gas
stove; baths; r.o children.
• VALENCIA. S22— 2 fur.sy housekeeping rooms; i
L cocplfte »:<»ctr:c light an-1 pas; $10. j
*~ CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d *ub*eriptions I
rece-lvcd at Call branch office. more et. |
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and :
fjbscriptions has been established at 1CJ6 i
¦ Valencia it.
j— — ~™^ — ¦^— —^— . M j
- THE Frederick. &01 Ptanyan. opp. Park — Furn.
a-rartrnf-nit; pri. bath; f.i^m heater; janitor.
r _ __ BOOMS TO UT— HOTELS.
TO EE OPENED MONDAY.
A NEW HOTEL.
P HOTEL ORIENTA (European plan), 1*0 !
Miuson st.. b*-t. E4dy and Ellis. A new brick i
building in the heart of the city, close to '
principal xrstaurar.ts, theaters and retail '
mtort**: m-jrnlflc^ntly furnished rooms, efnrle
•and *n ruite; hot and colJ water; baths; '¦
electric lixt.ir; s-ipoju heat; trlephon« In f
ex-ery 'roam; and all night elevator e«-rv!ce. t
Firn-cla*s Hanirr.am baths In connection. I
Rates very reasonable. Secure rooms early.
nOOMS TO LET Fnrn. ind Intern. |
. A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth *t— Roorss
25c to » re r night. $1 25 to $5 per wt-ek and
light housekeepir.g rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Alrronte," £73 Market st. (or No I
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 2Sc. 50c. $1. $1 W> night;
' $1 SO to $10 werfc; hcu*« or-^n all night.
. BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur- j
nishfd roomg. guite. single; also unfurnished. |
CLIFFORD. 201 EIHf. comer Maron— EWantiy '
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
|r ELLIS. 1U09. near Scott— Nice, large, furnished '
r^om: pas; $*. j
FRANKLIN. 721. near Turk— Two sunny, fur-
ruehed front rocnis; all ccnvenier.ces; private
family; $11 fjp and $16.
GRAND Southern, 7th ar.4 Mission — Rooms 50c !
to $1 SO eight; $1 to $3 we*k; reading-room. I
HYDE. 830. r.ear Eutter— A largp t=unny~Tui>- i
nished room. 110; aJ>o small room. $S.
JESSIE. ZT,9— Nicely furniThed front room
for two. $10; others. $7. $5.
ULCTXA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny single room.
. NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny furnished rooms- use cf !
bath. v ....
.ROTAL House. 12C»nills— Incandescent lights, '
rcailiRg-roora. smokir.g-room and lad'es' par-
. lor: rooms per night, .'wo to Si 50; week $2 !
to tS; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE COURTLAND. 42 Turk et. ; phone How-
ard 2)«1« ; neatly furnished rooms, en euite
?»» ¦ ll! * I «: traafleat solicited. Mrs. M.
Haird. proprietor.
GIII«n>S*. IIS 9th st. -Furnished rooms,
$150-$2S0 wk.; trans.. rOc-$l night; quiet.
ST *TEg. 323 £ii 7 Ft .. near Market—
40rt single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 ..1 to $3 week; elevator; el<»ctric lights;
reaging-roois; free bus and baggage.
?AN NESS. M9 — Handsome runny furnished
• ¦_»>« and elr.gle rooms; all conveniences.
<R '^™ N< ? To k . N ' }*£? 2 — Two !!i^ » unn y front
rooms; bath; with or without board; rea».
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d rt. r.«mr Market—
Most convergent and re«pectar> - TOO roo-ns-
S5c to $1 M ni*M; $2 to $S «V»v elevat™:
elec. lights; reading-room; froe bus; baggage.' !
xm-ERTISEMnNTS, subscription, received at I
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts. I
CLAFSIFIED advert'.KKnents and subscriptions
fy received at CaJl branch offlce. 22iiQ Fllimore.
'A. BRANXH offle* for Call advertisements and
eubecriptlor.s has been established at 10&C
Valencia ft.
ROOMS AJVD BO Ann.
• *** """
VAN NESS AVE., NEAR GEART ST
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70«
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBSRO. PROPRIETORS.
STEVENSON 1 mancicn. 807 California et,—AU
.tractive and tightly rooms; beet table and
¦*r\1c«r: lowest rate*.
? l^y r * i ?'_ < L*? A _ < :?! jy_ E ?_ _ A .^p - slppLiIes -
NEW HOME rcving machine; this week only;
* 10 - *1-*. *20 : slightly used; needles irtc dox.
Nfc-W HOME S. M. CO.. 1051 Market gt.
STORAGE A\D WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM FtoragT^jT^anCoTrfanilture]
-?, us . r , h0 ld • rood » "wed. moved, shipped. 725-
.31 Howard n,. nr. Third; phone Grant 1C1.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tfcl. Prii-e. Ex. C71.
CONKLIN'S Ftorag^—Furniture and mercnan-
. diee. &>3 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 124.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
Mlesion St.; t«l. Howard 3*1. F. VT. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC .Storage end~Fumlture Moving Com-
pany. 22->0 FUlnioTu ,t.; rhone Jackeon 29L
BEKINS Van exd Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
ft.; tel. Main I**". Shipping at cut rates.
_~J!™ 51 Y RITE '"~A*P^SUPPLIES. -
S8?ft_ , nA3 ! GA l™ -'? TYPEWRITERS-We <
3WJ1 better machine* fcr le*. mor.ey than any
S, r ;. lb rMr r: ,.r rl111 W " Th« Typewriter
__ Exchange. U,8 California; telephone Main 2CG.
A FEW good typewriter, at £») «aeh; eet par-
KS57"*. & ilSaiSSt-
2I W>_.S -rr^-;"", St1^ rontM repaired.
w rbetcr Typewriter Iu£_» c Co.. CCS Market.
ItEAt. ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE. '
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, ~~~~ — —
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
¦?¦•¦]. NO. 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHOICE RESIDENCES.
Magnificent 3-story residence, with unob-
structed view of the bay and surroundings
which cannot be surpass?d; locality is shel-
tered; one of the best districts In the city:
lot ov«r £h> feet front.
Corner residence; not far from LagTina and
Jaclrson et*.; very fine 2-story residence, with >
finished attio and basement: 14 rooms and
baths; thoroughly modern In every reei«cct:
locally: exeeiUionally fine; lot nearly Co feet
front.
Fine Washington st. corner, east of Larkin,
with a fine large 2-story, basement and attic
res!<Ssno<?; over 175 feet frontage on 2 streets,
raeifle av«. residence; spaoe on all sides;
very flro 2-story, basement and attic resl-
<5eooe, ocntaining 16 roomis 3 baths and laun-
dry; modern and splendidly arranged; excel-
lent re«Mence locality; cars passing.
Waeli'.rigTon-ct. rcsldenc*; north side; close
to crt> ot tho finest re«M|ence9 in the city; CO
feet front by 127 2-3 feet deep; fine large
bovtfe. 13 rooms. bath«k etc.
Broadway corner, with magnificent and un-
obstructed vitw; first-claw residence locality;
new 2^story and attls and basement residence;
a very beautiful hoasa inside.
Plne-st. residence, north sidle, which cost
I 116,000 to build; space en both side*. This Is
cne of the finest residences in the city; draw-
ing room, sunny dining- room, kltcnen, out-
| bouses, 10 bedrooms.
Flr_t-class Buchanan st." residence: key lot;
larga, r<*rmanent suac* toward the south; an
exceptionally sunny residence, containing draw-
Ing room, sitting, dinlns and ante room; 0 ;
large bed rooms, bath; attic nas 3 finished
rooms and bath; fin* marine view, front and ;
rear; locality on« of the best in the city.
$17,5O— Yallejo St.; over 50 feet frontage; fine '
largv 2-story residence: 10 rooms, bath;
3 rooms In attic; finished basement; ex-
ceptionally fln« southern exp«sure; sun-
light in every room in the bouse; houoe
splendidly arranged; all in good order.
$16,000 — Presidio Heights residence; north sido
cf street; c«w fccu«e, which coet almost
$12,000 to build; 40 feet frontage. .
$1G,000 — Jackson at. residence; north side; 35
feet frontage by 127 2-3 feet deep; fine
2-story attic and basement residence of
10 rooms and bath, and every modern
convenience: street work all done; ca-
ble cars i>asslr.e; cloee to a park. .
?13,0CO— New Franklin st. residence, contain-
ing 9 rooms and exceptionally fine bath
room. This house Is particularly well
arranged and attractive inside,
$13,000— VaUeJo-st. residence, wltS magnificent
and unobstructed marine view; fine
spaceman around it; sun in ajmost every
room"; old English style of architecture;
the Interior of this house is exception-
al^ artistic
•
| THOMAS MAGEE 4 SONS,
NO. S MONTGOMERY ST.
j
; G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
, JlCO.OOO— Near Sansome and California sts.; 3-
etory and basement buflding'; rents
$9000 per annum.
j $42,500 — Larkin et. ; 2 stores a ad. uppers of
20-14 rooms: rents ?238t> per annum;
comer. 50x75. JF
I $27.000 — Rents $3>40 per annum ; v stores and
apartment house; large lpt. r &l:«3xl37:6,
with an L 23x<57:tf insMe (_T Hyde st.
j $23,000— Near City Hall, "on Franklin st.; 2
houses of tt rooms each; 2 flats of 0
rooms each. aji.J 6 fiapi of 3 rooms
each; bay windows, brick foundations,
etc.; rent $1SS: lot 103 front.
| $20,000— An elegant home on, California st..
12 rooms. 2 baths and 2 servants'
rooms, etc.. large lot, 34:4K.xlo'2:6.
! $13,800— Rents $1230 per annum; good Mis-
sion business corner- store and flats'
larse lot. ?.Cxl22:6.
$11, 50*1 — Kents $94* per annum; business cor-
ner on Brannan st. ; store and flats;
very large lot.
$9,000— Webster St.. near Halght: 3 flats of
T-C-0 rooms and bath; bay-wlndowg,
brick foundations, etc. ;• rents $77 50;
20x100.
$7,700 — Near Ninth and Kolsom sts. ; 4 fiats
of 5-5-4-4 rooms and bath; bay-win-
dows, brick foundations, etc.; rents
$70; C6:6x*5
$7,0n«j— Fulton st.; Tark flats; 2 flats of . r i-6
rooms and bath; bay-windows, etc;
rents $51: £5x100.
$6.250 — RmtB $72i» per annum; Broderick
rt. : 2 flats and lot ZSxlOO. ¦
fi.OOO — Pine et- double frootage; rente $C30
per annum; house, fiat and a stable.
$5,750— Near Valencia and Fourteenth st.«.;
4 flats of 0-3 rooms and baths each;
bay-windows, brick foundations; rents
$55: 25x70.
$5.500 — Rents $576 per annum; near Third
and Folsotn stB. ; .1 r.ats of 5 rooms and
bath each; bay-windows; lot 25x90.
$5.400 — Rents $576 per annum; near Seven-
teenth and Sanchez ets. ; 3 flats; lot
25x114.
fS.SSO — A bargain: very nice Park resldonce
of 9 rooms and hath, etc.; 25x137:8.
$3,CO0 — Rents $500 per annum : 2 flats and
lot 25x100; concrete foundation, etc.
$2.800 — Rents $4OS p«r annum; near Seventh
and Bryant sts.
$2.600— Cozy bay-window cottapp of 5 rooms
and bath; Mission warm belt; 25x100.
11.600— Rents $312 per annum; near Eighth
and Eryant sts.; 3 flats and lot.
For further particulars of the above and for
i the "Real Estate Record." containing a li*t of
I prcpertiea for file in all parts of the city, i
I aprly at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st., j
I Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
! DESIRABLE tunny building lots, close to Du- !
boc« Park: bitumicized streets ; Iotslevel and ]
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a i
hr>Micir admirably situated and elos»« to the
dty at a very reasonable price; diagram,
prlca and all further particulars at our of-
fic«. O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st. \
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers. j
—. _ ,
I MODERN cottages; finished complete with
every con%-eni*nce; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — $2900.
Located on F!r»t and Second are., bet.
Geary and McAllister _.t. cars and one Mock
north of park. F> NELSON, builder.
$250 AND $20 month; ccttage, 5 r. and b.; on
Diamond, bet. Jersey. Elizabeth. 25th, Army.
$4500—2 new flats, 4-5 r. and b; Mission & 29th.
$500 down: rente pays the balance.
P. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission St.
FIXE income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton St., owner.
RBAL ESTATE — Country — For Snle.
ALFALFA land*, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; raonthiy cata-
logues sent fre*. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C4S
Market st.
j POIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL'. 417 Parrott bldg.
_ proposals.
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage.
D«>pot Quartermaster's Office, 34 New Mont-
gomery St., Pan Francisco, California, No-
vember 9, 19O3. — Sealed proposals, in tripli-
cate, will be received at this office until 10
o'clock a. m... Monday, November 23, 1903,
Pacific Standard Time, and then opened, for
rurnishing at either the Philadelphia, Bos-
ton, Chicago or Ean Francisco depots of
Maure««>s, Pillows. Mattres* Covers, Bed
bhe<tF, Pillow Cases and Card Holders con-
forming in all rerpects to standards and
specifications to be »e«n at this office Quan-
tities to be subject to an Increase of 2i> ner
cent, if desired by the Department. Bids
time at the other depots above mentioned
To avoid misunderstanding as to the exact
na'ure of the articles to be furnished, bid-
ders will carefully examine the. etandard
Famplen anJ «peciflcatlon», so that proDosai*
may be submitted by them with a full
knowledge of what will be required, as an
absolute compliance w.lth the standards and
ppecincations will be ln-lsted upon in the
- inspection of the goods. Unguaranteed bids,
and bids for delivery or inspection at other
poinu thaw those named above, will not be
considered. Early deliveries are eseentlal
El<Mer» must state In their proposals the
rate and time of dtllvery. should contract be
awarded to them. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality bem*
equal {Including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manuSacture the duty thereon)
and such preference will be given to articles
of American croduction and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast to the extent
of the coasumDtlcn required by the public
sen-Ice there. T*e United States reserves
the right Vi accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. EnveloDea containing proposals
will be indorsed. "Prooosals No7sC79 " and
addressed to Major C. A. Devol, Quarter-
master. U. S. Army., Depot Quartermaster.
OFFICE of Superintendent of Construction U
8. Postofflce. Courthouse, etc.. 1044 Mission
nt.. San Francisco, Cal.— sealed* proposals
will be received at the above named office
until January 13. 1904, for the construction
packing, shipping and delivery Of tBe interior
finish, etc., of the U. S. legatlonf buildings,
Peking. China, in accordance witn drawings
end. specifications. coDles of which may be
obtained at this offlce.
J. W. P.QBEBTS, Superintendent.
. SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE adjourned annual meeting of the lot
owners of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery Asso-
ciation will be held at the office of the as-
sociation on FRIDAY, November 20, 1903, at
0:3lK a. m., "-for -such business as may bo
legally brou.ht before It. By order of the
Board of Directors. ¦. . .
• GEORGE PENLINQTON. Secretary.
! **"" — *"* - " *^"** mm ~ " • m^— m — ¦
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING the G. A. R. encampment Dr. Cllse.
1023 Marktt St., bet. 6th-7th, fitted glasses to
Pen. Miles; you want the best as well as he.
BTUTTEUIXQ ASP STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cum
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ;home euro.
JIABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Lawrence H. M«adows,. 28, 943 Post street,
and Edna L. Van Hook, 20, San Jose.-
John A. Johnson, 42, i White street, and
Emma C. Anderson, 43, 1333 Union street.
Henry J. Sllva, 23, 1C9 Minna street, and
Caroline B. Metz, 18. 1O> Minna street. : .
Antocio V. Acular, 27, €5 Jackson street,
and Rose F. Cabral. 20. C5 Jackaon street.
Timothy J. Dwyer, 22, 308% Lily avenue, and
Mllll" L " McLaughUn, 22, 409 Oak street.
; Jean B. Bourdleu, 26, 3228 Seventeenth
. street, and Marie T. Orognen, 24, 3228 Seven-
* Edwa'rd A.' White. 33, City, and Louise K.
Fernando Loa'lza, 21. 1297 Taylor street, and
Ana Acosta. 21, 1712B Leavenworth street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
1 sons authorized to have th« same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge, j ______
BORN, r
ARMSTRONG— In this city, March 7, 1003. to
the wife of T. H. Armstrong, a son.
WICKMAN— In this city. November 12, 1903,
to thawlfe of Fred Wlckman. a son.
~~ mabbiedT
ALBORELL— McMILLAN— In thta city, No-
vember 11, 1903, Tony L. Alborell and Fran-
ces A. McMillan, both of San Francisco.
HUETER— SANDERSON— In this city. No-
vember 11, 1903, by the Rev. Francis M.
Larkin. Albert L. Hueter of Alma, Santa
Clara County, and A«nes Sanderson of San
Francisco.
MCDONNELL— EMMEL— In this city. Novem-
ber 12, 1903, by the Rev. Frederick A.
Doane, Andrew B. McDonnell and Amelia
Emmel, both of San Francisco.
PETERSON — SHARP — In this city, November
12, 1903. by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane,
Chauncey E. Peterson of Point Arena, Cal.,
arid Minnie B. Sharp of San Francisco.
died!
Bahrt, Martin MeCloskey, Charles
Baxter. Patrick McFarland, Hugh'
liosknwltz, Ella McMillan, Gladys M.
Canevaro, Frank Macbeth, Mrs. Sarah
Chi Ida, Charles W. Merritt. George A.
Corbett. William A. Mitchell, Michael
Crough, LHHe A. Montelth. James
Dams. Minna Muller. Margaret
Demeny, Maggie O'Brien. James
Eagan, Michael O" Sullivan. Jeremiah
Fltzsibbon, David Olson, Annette
Garaventa. Angelo Poxleitner. John
Garnett. John Ryden, Frederick E*
Gately, John Seeger, Emll
Haag. Carl F. Sharkey, James P.
JohnsoiW August Shelley. Capt. Wm.
Johnson, Captain A. Van Tassell. Emma
Layden. Michael
BAHRT— In this city. November 13. 1903. Mar-
tin ! beloved husband of Johanna Bahrt,
father of Henry, Fred. John and Martin
Bahrt Jr., and brother of Mrs. F. Cross and
Gustave Bahrt. a native of Lubeck. Ger-
many, aged 48 years 6 months and 2S days.
A member of Harmony Lodge No. 0, A. O.
U. W.. and Mission Turn Vereln.
[C7" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment!.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
BAXTER— In this cltr. November 12. 1903,
Patrick Baxter, a natlv* of Ireland, aged
74 years.
G_*"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
etreet, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Joseph's Church for services at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
nOSKOWITZ — In thte city. November 13. 1903,
"» Ella, beloved wife of Frank BoskoWlta. ana
mother of Dr. Gcom H, BoskowlU. a na-
tive of Richmond, Va., aged B2 years 9
months and 28 days.
CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Sunday, at 9:30 o'clock,
from her late- residence. 1701 Post street.
Please omit flowers. -
CANEVARO — In this city. November 10, 1908,
Frank, dearly beloved son of Giovanni and
Gercnima Canevaro. and brother of Baptiste,
Nicholas, Katie* and Nelchesa Canevaro. : a
native of Zoa_11, Italy, aged 24 years 9
months and 19 days.
'EPTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
November 15, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from his
late residence, 633 Greenwich . street, near
Stockton. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
CHILDS— In this city, November 12, 1903.
Charles W.. -beloved husband of the late
Mary Ann Childs, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged SO years. . .
IC7*Frlendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend t h» funeral services
Saturday. November 14, 1903, at 2:30 o'clock,
at the chaoel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Cremation I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
CORBETT— In this city, November 13. 1903.
William A., beloved eon of John C. and Mary
A. Corbett, a native of San Francisco, aged
42 years and S months.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the rarlora of the Pacific Undertakers,
777 Mission street.
CROUGH— In this city, November 13. 1903,
LUlie Alvlna. dearly beloved daughter of
John A. and Mary Crough, and loving sister
of Charlotte Crouch, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 13 years and 13 days.
DAMS — In this city, November 12, 1003, Min-
na, dearly beloved wife of Henry Dams, a
native of Germany, aged Gl years 10 months
and 20 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1108 Clay street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets,
DEMENY — In this city, November 12, 1D03,
Magpie Demeny, beloved wife of Joseph
Demeny, and daughter-in-law of Mrs. C.
Demeny, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
| year? 2 months and 11 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, November 14, 1903, at 2 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau,
Slt5 Montgomery avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
EAGAN — In -San Leandro, Alameda County,
November 13, 1903, Michael, beloved hus-
band of Bridget Eagan, and loving father of
Michael, Charles, Delia and Ellen I Eagan
und Mrs. F. J. Bray, a native of County
Kerry." Ireland, .aged B2 years.
IT7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, San Leandro, thence to St. Leander's
Church. San Leandro. where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, Ean Mateo County, via
electric funeral car on arrival of 12 o'clock
creek boat from Oakland. )
FITZOIBBON— In this city. November 12. 1903,
David Fitzetbbon, beloved - brother of Eliza
Stoddard, Mrs. Mary McCann and the late
Mrs. Ellen Qulnn and Mrs. Amelia Burke of
Petaluma, a . native of County Cork, ire-
land, aged 75 years.
lETRemains at the oarlors of McFadden
McBrearty Ec Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eisrhth. Interment to-
day (Saturday), at Petaluma, on the arrival
of the 7:30 o'clock train from San Fran-
cisco. ¦
GARAVENTA— In this city, November 12,
lf)03. Anselo Garaventa. beloved husband of
Maria Garaventa, ' and father of Glacomo
and Caterina . Garaventa, a native of Italy,
aged 6U years. ' ¦
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, November 15, 1903, at 1:30 o'clock,
at his late residence, 7 Lafayette place. In-
terment Italian Cemetery.
GARNETT— In the City and County Hospital.
November ¦ 13, . 1903, John Garnett, a native
of New York, aged 70 years.
GATELY— In this city. November 11, 1903,
John, beloved: husband of Catherine Gately,
and loving father ¦ of Mary, Nellie. Agnes,
Anna and Josephine Gately. a naUv« of
County RoFCommon, . Ireland.
irirFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence, 4084 Eighteenth street, near Cas-
tro, thence to the Church of the Most Holy
Redeemer, where a aolemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.. ,..¦_.
HAAG — In this city. November 12. 1903. Carl
F., beloved husband of Louise Haag, father
of Wilhelmlna L. Haag, and brother of Mrs.
John Funk and Mrs. Robert Adams, a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, . Germany, aged 34 years
-10 months and "3 days. A member of San
Francisco Schwaben Vereln and Butchers'
UiJon No.- 119r~ : "
:C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
James McGinn; * ' " • Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
.Formerly -With [McGinn Bros., ;__»¦
Funeral Directors and f^mbalmers.^—
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 576. -
1^ OCEA2T TRAVEL.
Steamers leav* San Fraa-
/fVS^-StSjv cttco as follows:
I*?/ \<j\ Fta" Ketchlkaa. Wrangel,
At/^595*ft V*\ Juneau, Hain«i, Skagway.
I I YiC&A I 1 et * Alaska— 11 a. m . Nov.
\ \ \B6*3&) \ ~. 12. 17. 2*_, 27 Dffc. 2.
wv \v KP/ Change to company's steanv*
V»v»___ < £y/ ers at Seattle.
F<CT Victoria. Vancouver.
"~ Port Towns«ad. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Nov T.
12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2— Cfean^e at Seattle to
this company's steamer* for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P Ry. ¦ ¦'
! For Eureka (Hurnboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:39
j P. m.. Nov. 6. 12. 13. 24. 30. Dec. 9; Corona.
] 1:80 p. m.. Xov. 9. IS 21. 2T. Dec. 3.
: For Lcs Angeles trta Port Lo» Angeles ant*
I Itedondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
j Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California Thursdays 9 a. m.
! For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cnia. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cajrucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
, Coos Bay. 8 a. m. ., Nov. ». 17. 23 Dec. 3.
i Bonita. 9 a. ra.. Nov. 6. 13. 21. 29, Dec. 7.
i For Ensenada. Magt2a!ena Bay. San Jose del
I Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Ro-
ealla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. rn.. 7th of eacll
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
' Ins dates.
TICKET O77ICZS — t Xew Montj?ora-
I ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
j Broadway wharves.
' Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DTTNANN. General Passenger Ag«nt.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & TV. CO.
"Columbia" sails Nov. 0, 19. 29. Dec. 9, 19.
29. "George W. Elder" sails Nov. 14. 24.
Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include bert!»
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. rn. S. F. BOOTH, G«n. Agt. Pass.
D«pt-. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW. YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON, i
St. Louis. Nov. 14.9:30 am|3t.Paul.Nov.2S,9^0 am
N.York.Nov.21. 9:30 amjPhUa...Dec. 5. b:30an>
" ATLANTIC TBANSPO2T JX3STC. I
New York — London Street.
M*n"t"a.Nov.l4.1:30 pmlUinne'ha.Nov. 23. noon
Mln'poIis.Nov. 21, 7 amlMenominee. Dec. 5, 9 am
' Only First-class Passengers Carried.
SOMTHZOSr LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passag*.
Canada Nov. 2S/Cambro3ian ....Dec S
Bo**™ Mediterranean *****
AZORES — NAPLEii — UKNOA.
Vancouver Sat.. Nov. 21
BSD STAS LI2TE.
Hew Tork — Antwerp— Paris.
Vad'ld.Nov.l4,10:30 amlZeel'd.Nov.23. 10:30 am
Kr'nld.Nov.21.1O:3O amIFlnland. Dec. 5.10:30 am
WHITE STAS X-Urc.
- XTrw Tork — Qaeemtown — Liverpool. -.
Sallins Wednesdays and Fridays.
Armenian. Nov.17,3 pm Teutonic. Nov. 23. noon
Oceanic. Nov. 18, 5 am Cediic. .Dec. 2. 2:30 pm,
i Cymric. Nov. 20, 6 am Arabic. Dec. 0, 9:30am
Bostoa — Qaeenitown — Liverpool.
j Cretlc Dec. 10, Feb. 11
] Cymric Dec. 24. Jan. 29. Feb. 23
i boston Mediterranean kekvxcb
Azores, Gibraltar, Ifaples, Genoa.
j ROMANIC Dec. 8, Jan. 10, Feb. 27
REPUBLIC (new) Jan. 2. Feb. 13. Mar. M
! CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
C D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Paelflo Coast.
21 Post at., San Francisco. . . -
i
|4_NAPVLS & ALEXANDRIA. EGYPT-RJ
ROMANIC. Dec. 5. Jan. 16. Feb. 27, ApL 9
REPUBLIC (new). Jan. 2. Fab. 13. Mar. 2<5
CANOPIC '. Jan. SO. Mar. 13
(Send for. rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers ar» toe largest la Medi-
terranean service.
First class, $73 and JSO'Cpward. according
to date of sailing.
Boston to Liverpool QM »^
CRETIC Deo. 19. F«b. 11
CYMRIC Dee. 24. Jan. 23. Fab. U
First class, $65 upward. For plans, eta..
address . /
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 Stato St..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR, 21 Port st.
TOYO RISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and ' Shanghai, and connecting nt.
Hongkong with steamers for Iad'la, etc. No
cargo received en board on day of saiiine.
S. S. HONGKONG MARC •"
-.'.-............ Thursday. December 3. 190C
S. S. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
¦ Wednesday, December 30 IOCS
S. S. AMERICA MARU ". ".. -
Monday. January 23. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round -trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. T>neral Agent.
Oceanics.sxo, E »S_ f
S. I S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Nov. 19. 2 p. m.
9. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 28,11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. T*c 1. 11 a. m.
4J.S?IE»EIS& IiGS.CS., I|!s.Jxtit]»a,I43I_rti!a
- friiUSiScUH BirtztSL.Phrit. 7.fac9clL
C0MPAG5I3 GEHSBALE TRASSATLAimQCl
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _J^»»>
Sailing every Thursday lnsteaU of tSfJSSH
Saturday, st 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, »«««« 1 *-*
North River, foct of Morton street.
- First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to. Havre. f45 anj upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island ana Vallajo Steamiri.^
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a- m.. 3:15 and 9:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p.» m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 5O cent*. T«lj
Main 15CS. Pier 2. Mlaslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. - - SjSjB
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Vereln Hall. S23 Turk street, where
services will be held under the auspices of
San Francisco Schwaben Vereln. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the pai~
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street,' between Seventh and ElKhth.
JOHNSON— In this city, November 12, 1903,
August, beloved son of Susan Johnson, and
brother of A. W. Johnson and Mrs. M.- A.
Thorsou, a native of California, aged 29
years 2 months a'nd 25 days. "
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect---
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 11' o'clock, from the family
residence. 472 Page street. Interment Cy-.
preis Lawn . Cemetery, by funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
JOHNSON— In Alameda.. November 13. 1903,
entered Into rest. Captain Albert Johnson,
beloved husband of Eliza J. Johnson, a na-
tive of ReadSeld. Me., aged 89 years and 8
months.
LAYDEN— In this city, November 11, 1903,
Michael Laydea, dearly beloved father of
James, Charley and Walter Layden and Mrs.
J. T. Crummey, a native of County Leltrlm,
Ireland, aged 85 years.
CTTha funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a requiem high
' mars will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
private.
McCLOSKEY— In this city, November 13, 1903.
at . the Barents' residence, 1106 > Vermont
street, Charles, beloved eon of James and
Martha MeCloskey, and brother of Mary E.,
James G., Thomas T. and Margaret V. Me-
Closkey, a native of San Francisco, af«d 8
years 7 months -and 8 days.
McFARLAND — In this city, November 12. 1903,
Hugh, teloved husband of Maggie McFar-
land, and father of Thomas McFarland, a
nativ« of County LeUrim, Ireland, a«ed 55
years. A member of the Young Men's
Catholic. Union.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 15. 1903. at 12:30 o'clock, from
his* late residence, Cl Colton street, thence
to St. Joseph 1 *' Church for services, com-
mencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross ,
Cemetery. .
McMILLAN — In this city, November 13. 1903,
Gladys M., beloved child of Samuel W. and
Annie McMillan, and sister of Bertie and
Willie McMillan, a native of San Francisco, i
aged S years. *
(ETFuneral private, Monday, November 10,
> 1903, at 11 o'clock, from the residence of her
parents, 706 Cortland avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
MACBETH— In Berkeley. November 13, 1903,
at her residence, 1554 Hopkins street, Mrs.
Sarah R. Macbeth, beloved mother of Mrs.
Joseph Hume and the late Mrs. Emily Selb,
a native of England.
MERRITT— In this city, November 13, 1903,
George A. Merritt, beloved husband of Susan
Merritt, a native of Pennsylvania, aced 52
years. (San Die-so and Ashtabula, Ohio,
papers please copy.)
i ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 322 Hayes street. Cremation Odd
Fellows* Cemetery.
LOCAL 422, U. A. Journeymen Plumbers,
Gas and Steam Fitters — Officers and mem-
bers: - You are hereby notified to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother, Geon?e A. I
. Merritt, Sunday. November 15, at 12:30 \
' o'clock, from his late residence, 322 Hayes
street. Fine for non-attendance.
T. J. FARRELL, President.
L. MISKEL, Secretary.
MITCHELL— In Vlsalia. Cal.. November 13,
1903, Michael" Mitchell, dearly beloved
brother of Patrick, John. Peter and Bridget
Mitchell. Mrs. J. Barrett, Mrs. J. Ackee,
Mrs. P. McOuire and Thomas Mitchell of.
"Warren County, Pa., a native of County
Leitrlm, Ireland, aged 23 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul Monday, November j
10. at 9 o'clock, at St. Patrick's Church.
MONTEITH— In this city, November 12, 1903, j
James, beloved husband of Pauline Mon-
telth, and brother of Andrew E. Montelth,
a Dative of Tvrone. Ireland, aged 36 y?ars
and 21 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday, November 15, 1903, at 9;30 o'clock,
at the chaoel of Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
MULLER— In this city, November 13, 1903,
Mcrparet, youngest and dearly beloved
daughter of August and Lizzie Muller, sister
of Loutpe Muller, and granddaughter of Mrs.
A. E. Miller of Fruitvale, a native of Fruit-
vale, Cal., aged 2 months and 11 days. .
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1880 Howard street,
between Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.' -
O'BRIEN — In this city, November 12. 1903.
James, beloved • son of Ellen and the late
Patrick O'Brien, and brother of May. Nellie
.and George O'Brien, Mrs. Thomas Sheehan,
Mrs. G. A. Shayer and the late John and
Thomas O'Brien, a native of County Tlpper-
ary. Ireland, aged 25 years and 4 months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-day-
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 20^ Rlnrold street, thence to St.
Joseph's Churoh, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Hply Cross Ceme-
tery.
O'SULLIVAN— In this city. November 11. 1903,
Jeremiah, beloved . husband of the late Han-
nah O'Sullivan. and father of Mrs. J. M.
Victor, Mrs.' Philip Evans.' Mrs. Charles
Childs and Jeremiah O'Sullivan, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 48 years and 1
month.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where services
will be held at 10 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross, Cemetery.
OLSON — In Redlands, Cal., November 10, 1903,
Annette, beloved wife of B. W. Olson, and
rlster of C. F. and G. Armstrong, Mrs.
Sophia Peterson and Mrs. Anna Anderson,
a native of Sweden, aged 28 years 4 months
and 6 days.
{C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2666 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Maaonio Temple. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
POXLEITNER— In this city, November 13.
1903. John Poxleitner, beloved husband of
the late Margaret Poxleitner. and foster-
father of Mrs. L. Thels, a native of Bavaria,
Germany, aged 79 years 4 months and 21
days. (St. Louis. Mo., papers please copy.)
tC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 640H Jessie street, off Seventh,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, for fiervlees. Mass
will be celebrated Monday. November 1«5»
1903, for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BYDEN— In this city. November 12. 1903,
Frederick . E.. beloved husband of Ella Ry-
den, father of Francis Ryden, and brother of
Albert, Frank A.. Richard L., Oscar, Rosa
L.. May A. and Emily B. Ryden and Mrs.
Hilda Thorn, a native of California, aged 34
. years 2 months and 12 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 15. at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Valente, Marlnl &. Co.. 1624 Stockton
street, under the auspices of the Riggers'
and Stevedores' Union Association. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EEEGER— In this city, November . 11, 1903,
Emll. beloved husband of Paulina Seeger.
and devoted father of Fritz, Julius, Emll and
Carl Seeger, a native of Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, aged 39 years 3 months and 23 days.
A member of Gambrlnus Vereln and Bot-
tlers' Union No. 293.
¦ C_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from - the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & C<).. 1137 Mission street.
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment I.
O. O. F.l Cemetery. ;
SHARKEY— In this city. November 13, 1903,
at his residence, 61 McLea court. James P.,
beloved husband of Sarah Sharkey, father
of Grace F. and Sarah A. Sharkey, and
brother of Ambrose Sharkey. a native - of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged 48 years and
10 months.
SHELLEY — In Alto, Maria County. November
II, 1903, Captain William N. Shelley, be-
loved husband of Frances L. Shelley, and
father of William W. and Frances G. Shel-
ley, a native of New Haven, Conn., aged 90
years.
ICTFuneral services to-day (Saturday), at
1 o'clock, at Pioneer Hall, corner Pioneer
place and Fourth street. Please omit flow-
ers. ,
VAN TASSELL— In this city. November 12.
1903, Emma Starr, dearly beloved wife of
- Theodore Van Tassell. and mother of Theo-
dore EUrr, Philip L. and Florence Van Tas-
sell and the late Mrs. Edward Wainwright
(Tucson and Seattle papers please copy.)
ty Funeral services Sjunday, - November 15,
at 2:30 o'clock, at her late residence, 1009
Scott _tre«t. .-' Interment private. ¦Should Mrs. Ostrom file charges against
Miss Murray for unprofessional conduct
Superintendent of Schools Langdon would
have to decide whether the board should
try Miss Murray for the language used.
Superintendent Langdon stated yester
day that the principals of the various
schools had agreed to continue the draw
ing course as taught by Supervisor of
Drawing Ball until Thanksgiving. After
that the pupils will be put to work on the
drawing of Christmas cards. Beginning
with the new year a system of models
drawn by Miss Ball will be furnished to
the teachers, and the entire course will
be greatly simplified In deference to the
wishes of nearly all of the principals and
teachers.
the board, all of whom agreed that the
nine samples of drawing were among
those rejected by Miss Murray.
BOARD MAY TAKE ACTION.
The City Attorney yesterday brought
suit -' against Charles and «&rry Bush,
owners of a building on Eddy street, to
have the steps leading Into the premises
declared a nuisance. The steps encroach
on the sidewalk.
Would Declare Steps a Nuisance.
"Mrs. Ostrom tells a deliberate lie,"
said Miss Murray in excited tones. "I will
smash her face. I'll punch her head on
some dark night. Even if she substan
tiates it, she'll get it in the neck some
day."
iWoodward was thunderstruck at the
words, sure jthat he had.
heard aright "he' Jotted, them down and!
repeated them to Miss Murray, who ac
knowledged that she . had pronounced
them. President Woodward reported the
matter to the Board of Education, which
is now considering whether action should
be taken against Miss Murray. Mrs. Os
trom is deeply pained at Miss Murray's
verbal attack, and later brought several
of the teachers of the scfiool in a body to
"Those are not the drawings that Mrs.
Ostrom showed me and which I criticized.
They have been retouched, and are cer
tainly better than those that I rejected."
Woodward informed the irate Miss Mur
ray that Mrs. ¦ Ostrom had assured him
that the drawings were those denounced
by Miss Murray, and it was then that the
last named made her threats of personal
violence to Mrs. Ostrom.
Mrs. Ostrom was advised to submit the
drawings to President Woodward for his
opinion. Unfortunately the drawings had
been returned to the pupils, but Mrs. Os.
trom succeeded in securing nine of them,
which she sent to Woodward, together
with a communication, in %whlch she
stated that she had submitted them to
an expert, who said they wereft'orthy of
pupils In the High Schools. Woodward
thought the drawings were meritorious
and sent for Miss Murray, who when she
saw them said:
The merry war that is now on in the
school department over the alleged diffi
culty of the drawing course under Miss
Katharine Ball's supervision had an un
pleasant culmination las't Wednesday,
when Miss Elizabeth B. Murray, assistant
supervisor of drawing, threatened to do
bodily violence to Mrs. I. D. Ostrom, a
teacher of the seventh grade in the Fre
mont Primary School, who had Incurred
her displeasure.
The' threat was made before President
Woodward of the Board of Education, in
the absence of Mrs. Ostrom it is true,
but It conveyed in no uncertain terms the
intention of Miss Murray to vent her dis
pleasure.
It appears that Miss Murray expressed
her dissatisfaction at the drawing work
as done by Mrs. Ostrom's pupils, and
complained to the board that good results
in the study were not being obtained by
Mrs. Ostrom. The last named took issue
with Miss Murray and called a council of
her associate teachers, including Miss
Rose Goldsmith, principal of. the school,
who agreed that the drawings were re
markably good.
SUBMITS THE DRAWINGS.
Assistant Supervisor of Study Tells
President Woodward She Will
Wreak Vengeance on Fre
mont School Teacher.
Unpleasant Culmination of
Trouble Over Drawing
Course. ' \
"The plans, of course, were designed
to meet the requirements of the Aims
house tract and certainly will not do for
the present site on Potrero avenue, inas
much as the climatic and geographical
conditions are of an entirely different
character."
. There Is some doubt as to whether the
Board of Supervisors has the jlower to
change the location of the hospital from
that originally adopted. If it should so
(•ecide then the plans prepared by the
city engineer would be absolutely use
less for the purpose on the existing site.
Having no plans to work on the pro
ceedings would be estopped as the first
course in preparing for the bond issue
was the ordering of the plans by the
Supervisors. It would appear then that
if the site is changed and the plans are
not adaptable the proceedings would
have to be commenced all over again,
even to the submission of the proposi
tion to a vote of the people.
"The Board of Public Works." said
Manson, "has at great expense prepared
plans for a hospital on the Almshouse
tract, a site which I have all along con
tended was not a proper one to minister
to the needs of the afflicted poor. How
ever, upon the order of the Board of
Supervisors, City Engineer Grunsky pre
pared the plans which were adopted by
the Board of Public Works, but which
I now believe will never be used.
Commissioner Manson of the Board of
Public Works intimated yesterday that
this would be the practical effect should
the original intention of the Board of
Supervisors declared in the call for the
election fof public improvements to place
the hospital on the Almshouse tract be
changed.
If the Board of Supervisors accepts the
recommendation of the Board of Health
that the new City and County Hospital,
for the building of which bonds to the
amount of $1,000,000 -were vot*d by the
people, be built on the present site on
Potrero avenue instead of on the Alms
house tract, the bond Issue with respect
to the hospital will, in all likelihood, be
invalidated.
Manson Says Designs Are
Adapted Only to Alms
house Tract.
Miss Murray Would Do
Violence to Mrs. I. D.
Ostrom.
Change' of Site May In
validate the Bond
Issue.
HOSPITAL PLANS
ARE IN DANGER
THREATENS
TUTOR WITH
BODILY HARM
City Architect Cuthbertson's report for
October shows there were 383 building per
mits issued covering Improvements ag
gregating $1,490,535. ••. •
Building Operations Brisk.
The weekly meeting of the Fire Commis
sioners was held yesterday. Superintend
ent Chapman of the United Railroads In
formed the Commissioners that he would
make a rigid investigation regarding the
accident to engine 34, which was dam
aged by a car on Webster and Ellis
streets on November 8, when the engine
was returning from a fire. George Van
Pool, who resigned from the department,
applied for reinstatement. The applica
tion was referred to the City and County
Attorney f of an opinion. C. R. Cane was
dropped from the roll for neglect of duty.
C. GavJgan of the Corporation Yard re
mains out of the department on a tie
vote. F. L. Stahl. a civil service ap
pointee, was fined ten days* pay and
transferred for insolence to. the captain
of 5 truck. J. Cauley will answer charges
at the next meeting for neglect of duty.
Fire Commissioners Meet.
When the case of E. A. Engelberg,
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon on complaint of his wife Annie,
•was called before Police Judge Conlan
yesterday, it was continued for two weeks
I consent, as a divorce suit will be In
stituted in Marin county, where the cou
ple will settled their differences. Engel
berg was arrested last week at the Sausa
lito ferry while flourishing a revolver and
threatening to shoot his wife. It wu
recalled yesterday that Engelberg was
one of the jurors that acquitted M. B.
Curtis— "Sam'l of Posen"— after several
trials on the charge of shooting and kill-
Ing a policeman.
Engelbergs Will Seek Divorce.
Arthur Davies, executor of the will of
his late father, Llewellyn Davies, the
well-known lumberman, was completely
exonerated of the charge of mismanaging
the estate yesterday by Judge Troutt,
and he was also found to be free of any
intent to defraud his mother, Jane Da
vies. The petition for his removal as ex
ecutor, in which the charges were made
and which was filed by his three sisters,
Belle Davies, Sarah St. Clair and Eliza
Thorrold, was denied, and the order tem
porarily suspending him, issued when the
petition was filed, was revoked. In deny
ing the petition Judge Troutt took occa
sion to state that there was not one of
the young man's acts that could be con
strued into an intent to do wrong to any
one or better himself at the expense of
the rest of the Davies family. "It is
true," said Troutt, "that he made a few
mistakes, but there Is no evidence show
ing that they were caused by anything
but an error in judgment. There has been
nothing Introduced here to show that he
intimated or threatened his mother, or
that she Is in any way incapable. On the
contrary, the evidence shows that the es
tate has been ably handled by the young
man."
Llewellyn Davies died several months
ago, leaving an estate worth $25,000. In
his will ho left It all to his widow, with
the exception of $5 to each of his seven
children. Arthur, and Llewellyn Davies
and Mrs. Davies were appointed executors
of the will in the document. The two last
named declined to serve, and Arthur was
given charge of the estate. The estate
consisted principally of the assets of the
Truckee Box and Lumber Company The
business was greatly developed by the ex
ecutor and was then transferred to a cor
poration called the Davies Box and Lum
ber Company, all the stock of which with
the exception of a few shares, was" held
by Mrs. Davies. For their services in
connection with the business Mrs. Davies
transferred one-third of her holdings to
each of her sons, Arthur and Llewellyn
Intending to provide for the other mem
bers of the family out of the remaining
third and the other funds of the estate
This did not satisfy the others, and they
immediately filed charges against their
brother, accusing him of exerting undue
influence over his mother. It developed
a family row, for the mother and Annie
Moran, another sister, defended the ex
ecutor and strongly objected to the inter
ference of the other children.
The dampness In your room can be
easily dispelled by using a gas heater for
a few moments morning and evening
Buy one from San Francisco Gas and
Electric Co.. 415 Post street. •
No One Will Prosecute Her.
The case of Josle Hart, alias Martin,
charged with assault to murder for shoot-
Ing Frank Moss, a | hack driver, In a sa
loon at 10, Mason street early Tuesday
morningf, was dismissed by Police Judge
1-itJE yesterday. As Instructed by the
Judge, Policeman Hurd had subpoenaed
the bartender and others present In the
saloon at the time of the shooting, but
no one would swear to a complaint. The
Judge advised her to go home with her
mother and stop her vicious life.
Take Plio's Cur« for Consumption for coughs,
colds and consumption. ', Bold everywhere. •
RECOMMENDS THAT VETO
OF MAYOR BE SUSTAINED
Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
Rules Against an Ordinance
Deemed Obnoxious.
The Supervisors* Judiciary Committee
yesterday reported In favor of the May
or's veto of the ordinance requiring the
names of the ingredients to be placed on
packages containing food, it being deem
ed that the measure is obnoxious.
The committee requested the City At
torney to advise if. an appeal is advis
able in the case of the special levy for
schools and a hospital, declared illegal
by the Superior Court.
The- Hospital Committee requested the
Board of Works to report upon the gen
eral condition of the city cemeteries and
also the condition of grants made to va
rious societies.
Makes Charge Against Daggett.
Notary Public. A. K. Daggett and his
bondsmen are the defendants^ a suit for
$1675, brought yesterday by Eaward Mur
phy as administrator of the estate of his
aunt the late Jane Canney. Daggett is
charged with violating his oath as a no-
Jar J in attaching his notarial seal to a
Hnmiinent on which it is alleged Mrs.
Canney had made her mark in lieu of
Ser signature. It is claimed that Dag-
well knew that at the time of the
fransaction. June 1. 1302. Mrs. Canney
was mentally weak. The document was
T oower of attorney, giving to Attorney
\V T Kearns the right to dispose of
Mrs banner's estate, and it is claimed
that Kearns, by means of it, was enabled
to' mortgage her property for $1500 and
withdraw from a bank $175 she had on
deposit. A suit to recover the amount
and to set aside the power of attorney
vras filed some months ego by Murphy.
MADRID, Nor. 14.— The strikers at tha Rio
Tlntos mines have been Joined by 10,000 other*.
Whether the woman took morphine or
whether it was administered to her, either
accidentally or with felonious intent, has
not been investigated by any official. ¦
The city chemist will probably make
his findings to-day as to the analysis of
the stomach of Mrs. Upson and the con
tents of the pills prescribed for her and
found in her apartment. When the city
chemist has made known the result of his
analysis the date of the Inquest will be
Bet by Coroner Leland, and all parties
concerned will be summoned to give tes
timony.
Up to a late hour last night, the Cor
oner's office and the detective department
had not secured the slightest evidence to
throw any light upon the mysterious
death of Mrs. Upson.
Chief of Detectives Martin finally de
cided last evening to place Detective Ed
Gibson on the case, and instructed the
detective to find the woman's husband
and take him to police headquarters. Up
to a late hour last night Gibson had been
unable to locate Upson. - - • .
The action of the Coroner's office and
the Police Department in the case Is
surprising. Though the doctors that at
tended Mrs. Upson have positively stated
that they did not prescribe morphine for
fhe woman, the statements of Dr. Pres
ton are that when he called' to see Mrs.
Upson early Thursday morning she was
dying from morphine poisoning and short
ly afterward succumbed.
Deputy Coroner McCormick stated yes
terday that until the report of the city
chemlst was made as to the result of the
analysis of the dead woman's stomach
and the medicines found in her room no
further action would be taken.
The mysterious death of Mrs. Irene Up
son early on Thursday morning from
what is presumed to be morphine poison
ing has been treated with startling indif
ference by the Coroner's office and the
Police Department.
No effort was made yesterday by the
Coroner's office to secure any definite
statement from the dead woman's hus
band as to the assertion made by Dr.
Preston that Upson had secured morphine
and had admitted that he gave the poison
to his wife.
No Evidence Is Secured
as to Demise of
Mrs. Upson.
Court Finds He Did Not
Mismanage Father's
Estate.
CAUSE OF DEATH
STILL IN DOUBT
Allen Ward, private, company C, Thir
teenth Infantry, was found guilty of ab
sence without leave and of leaving his
post while on guard. He was sentenced
to be confined at hard labor under charge
cf the post guard for a period of six
months and to forfeit $10 a month for
that period.
William B. Kinser, private in the Twen
ty-fifth Company of Coast Artillery, was
found guilty.- of desertion and sentenced
to hard labor at Alcatraz Island for a
period of eighteen months, forfeiting all
pay and allowance due him, and at the
expiration of that time to be dishonora
bly discharged from the service.
Private Charles Steward. Company F.
Thirteenth Infantry, was found guilty of
conduct to the prejudice of good order
end military discipline, was dishonorably
discharged from the army, forfeiting all
pay and allowance due him, and was or
dered confined at hard labor at Alcatraz
Island for a terra of three months.
Private AVIUiam J. Butte, Fifth Infan
try, field artillery, was found not guilty
of assaulting a brother soldier with in
tent to kill. He was Immediately re
leased from the guardhouse, in which he
was confined.
One general court-martial and three
summaries were held yesterday morning
at the Presidio.
Board of Officers Presides Over Four
Court-Martials in One
Bay.
ENLISTED MEN MUST PAY
FOB THEIB WAYWABDNESS
ARTHUR DAVIES
IS EXONERATED
Heymans came into notoriety several
weeks ago when Mrs. Charles Colvln
claimed to have suffered the loss of her
diamonds in a lodging-house conducted by
Mrs. Emma Borland at 501 Geary street.
At that time it was alleged by Mrs. Col
vln that Heymans, who claimed to be' a
physician, gave her a sleeping powder
and upon waking from a lengthy slum
ber she found her gems missing. A Mrs.
Moore, Mrs. Borland and D. Christopher
were also mixed up in the transaction,
as the quintet were all drinking together
in the room. Attorney Charles L. Col
vin of Oakland, husband of Mrs. Colvln.
refused to prosecute if the gems were
returned, as he wished to avoid the at
tendant notoriety. The police made an
investigation, but no arrest followed.
Heymans has been arrested several
times for practicing medicine without a
license. He was a solicitor for the real
estate firm of D. Cranston & Son, 114
Montgomery street, up to the time of his
connection with the Colvln case, when ho
was discharged.
Ernest Heymans, who figured prom
inently In connection with the myste
rious loss of several hundred dollars'
worth of diamonds belonging to Mrs.
Charles L. Colvln, wife of a prominent
Oakland attorney, was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detectives Ryan and Whit
taker for the passing of an alleged
worthless check, and his name entered
on the detinue book at the City Prison.
F. B. Galinde, proprietor of the Vienna
Cafe at 133 OFarrell street, made the
complaint that landed Heymans behind
the bars. The restaurant man alleges
that on September -20 Heymans tendered
a check for J20 drawn on the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company in pay
ment for a meal and received the change.
Upon presenting the paper for payment
at the bank it was found that Heymans
had no funds in the institution.
Galinde did not report the matter to the
police until October 6, as Heymans had
presented genuine checks for amounts
not exceeding $5 on previous occasions
and it was thought that he would call
and settle. He failed to put in an ap
pearance, however, and detectives were
detailed to arrest the accused.
P. B. Galinde Accuses
Ernest Heymans of
Defrauding Him.
CLAIMS CHECK
WAS SPURIOUS
THE SAN JTRAIsCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 3903.
14
HAIiE'EL -| HA3^E*S*
The first prise picture printed to-morrozv.
Open To=Ni2fht
'And every Saturday night till Xmas.
Rain or shine, it will pay you to come to the store to-night{
Bring: the children. They will be delighted with the Christmas sights,
especially if they are interested in this Santa Claus picture contest. You
know we 'are picking the best out every day now, and, beginning Sun-
day, we'll print them — one each morning except Monday. We pay $5.00
in gold for every one we publish. Every child may take part. Further i
particulars to-morrow.
— — — - Children's
J^|j|^ Trimmed Beavers
*2te\jdm&$UBd^ir f^ 1 l l COlors . and kiR(ls - some with pretty ruf-
J&JfrZ^W^^k, ™i?w m n Se vi Off with hi£^ rlhl^n bows, others
J&g&S&!3&!%0V& with full ribbon trimming. When we tell you
J 4f2fi&S&t^50V^SK£*\ that the berLvers themselves sell for $2.00 and
rW£%&&&&? * >»&! 5-- 2 °' ? Rt U hat here nre th " hata and trimming
>#^£ri^§Sr^ I. X&f f ° r °, a \? I 2 " 60 ' and tri^^'f<l by our own miilin-
j££3ijM&2M * "good 1 thin S ' h lt ai is nCW> "' you wil1 real!ze what
'-t^^^ ££^0 A l !0 , a fln f Xo } t 2 l chll[ lrer.'s ar.i women's ready-to-wear
"** i^ eWSr^^^S^&^ii^r hats> s P lend l^ tr>r rainy days 65c
ilSmi^^^^-f IIPr f'S a sc /f tch fplt walke f w «h stlteh^J rim. trimmed
Zi lt * a {f U T Jl!I - bound w!th b ra.!d 95c. Its worth
VSSr3i >1.«K>. All colors ncept white
"j»fiS^__ OSTRICH TIPS. 15c: all black; one of the desirable
*"? Ff/ 1^. hat trlmmlr.gs at the present time; 50 dozen- first
u/ time this morning, 15c.
A Perfume 20c. A Candy Sale.
That's an extra thing to-day. \ p « p^-- *££J s ,f^--|
It's a one-ounce bottle put up in something: good, something specially
a pretty little box. There are many cheap to-day.
odors. 2 5 C Gum Drops at ioc.
Right handy to it are some Bo- They're the ordinary sugar coated
, . , rr * ones. In various flavors, less than
hemian glass puff boxes. 75c. half price. In order to make a candy
And some decorated atomizers, 8tIr to-day.
25 And a large bottle of violet toilet T[ ] e M e ° T °" D ay.
water 25c ?5 C Go1 * Shirts 50c. That's very
Toi"1*»r 9nnn unusual, for they're of fine
lonet soap. Madras cloth in medium and dark
match. Every size, 14J4 to i6^j.
C:il_ T*~£c~<i-~ n*uu«~ Out for the first time to-day. 25c
O11K laiteta Kl DbOn. less than they usually are.
12 Cents. MEN'S NIGHT ROBES, 39c — All good quality
T , XT o , . , . , . . . muslin, full lengrth and lar^e lrt the body:
Its XSO. OO (.4 inches Wide;, Wltn have French necks and fancy embroidered
corded stripe and dot. It comes in * ronts; vaIu l
white, light blue, pink, cardinal and --» /SrT JBF7 >387
30c Satin Taffeta Ribbon 20c. s>^*> -^^^
Xo. 80, also, 4 in. wide, in all the — -»"^
Sf u w e anJbfack. lncluding whlte » plnk> Market St., Near Sixth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
X ju TT ~
LiGJ) US
Overcoat Your Boys
We feel pretty certain that you will find in our
handsome assortment a coat that will come up
to your ideas of what' s right for the youngsters'
Winter wear. You may choose plain blues and
black as well as fancy mixtures. All proper
' styles—all popular patterns. Compare these
with the coats you'll be shown elsewhereat these
prices and you'll provide your boys' wants here.
j REEFER AUTO COATS RAGLAN "BROWN'S BUSTER"
SI.5O to S6.00 S3.50 to S9.00 S3.5O to SII.OO $6,00 to S6.5O
J Ages 2# to 10. Ages 2^ to 9. Ages 8 to 16. 2 to 8 Years.
Elegant, warm an'd A warm garment, un- Cut on the newest l *^** t^° lt £fc
'durable. In solid colors, equaled elsewhere. In lines, long, loose and 3 rowns cheviots. This'
Reds, Blues, Browns, Fancy Stripes, Oxfords, broad-shouldered. In g arm ent is an object les-
Fancy Cheviots and Reds, Blues, Browns, modest Oxfords, Blues SO n in elegance, excel-
Serges. with the belted back. and Fancy Scotch Plaids lence, value.
COME TO BROWN'S
for Quality, Fit and Economy in
Men's, Boys' and Children's Clothing
...OPEN SATURDAY NIGHT UNTIL 10...
Brown Bros. & Co.
Wholesale Clothiers Retailing Direct to You.
516-518 MARKET ST., Below Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f " B
I M All that's faultless in
Tone, Construction and
Finish is embodied in the
,— > rmiivu
Their musical qualities
arc beyond criticism. They
are pre-eminently the ideal
PIANOS for the home.
Benj. ClirtaZ & Son
SOLE AGENTS
(Cnrtu Buiiaimr)
16 O'FARRELL STREET, S. F.
San Josei. Freana Alameda, Etockton.
« Palo Alto.
MARKS BROS^^ _^
1 1 '/f\>" Special Bargains! I
I Y / Handkerchiefs j
> %.......,,,.,„ :h A 4 101* LINEN HEMSTITCHED J
At I Z 2 0 EMBROIDERED CORSET J
I ¦£8Sfe£? '~5 W& COVER . HANDKERCHIEFS. A Good \
> . 5^^^^if 20c value. , J
» ?&£"S Af ifZ n 1000 dozen EMBR0ID- <
) HANDKERCHIEF as Illustrated; made of " * '*'.*' ERED LINEN HANDKER- <
| good quality of lawn; lace edse; 12%c CHIEFS Worth 25c. i
I quality. . __^^^______ i
! STUNNING VEILING SPECIALS. i
I U 1Q/, CHIFFON DRAPE VEILS— Fancy hemstitched border; 1% yards <
I A I 1 uw long; a, 'good 50c value. - (
I Hi BA^-'IiSc, $1 and upward— NEW MOURNING -DRAPE VEILS, 1% yds. t
?.. Al Ov/w to 1?« yds, long; deep border. | {
! PRETTY RIBBONS AT LITTLE PRICES. j
> A* £*/-» PER YD.— FANCT and PLAIN TAFFETA WASH RIBBON; S Inches j
| Al uC wide; a good 10c quality. . %
> k'i irk/-» PER YD.- BRILLIANT TAFFETA RIBBON; all colors; 4 Inches wide; <
| Al lVFW worth 15cl . <
I li lK/» PER YD.— SATIN TAFFETA WASH RIBBON; 4 Inches wide; worth 25c; (
J Al lOt full line of colors. <
I Two Special Lots at 25c per yard. <
I LOT 1— VARIEGATED CUSHION RIBBON: 4 inches wide; a good 35c value. <
k LOT 2 — IMPORTED FANCY WASH RIBBON; 7 inches wide; a good 45c quality. (
[ WINTER UNDERWEAR. j
\ ii 1Q/, BALBRIGGAN. VESTS— W QO r WOMEN'S VESTS— Silk and J
» Al luC Fleece lined; extra heavy Al tJOV* wool mixed: long sleeves; J
> weight; our regular 25c value. pants to match; a good $1.25 value. I
I I At 12%c — CHILDREN'S BICYCLE RIBBED HOSE; double t
i UHQICDY heel# toe and knee ; 20c <J uallty - ' I
I nUulLlil' At lOc per. pair— LADIES' BLACK HOSE; best quality, cot- j
» I I ton; 15c value. • , - ;
> At 3Oc per pair— WOMEN'S ALL-OVER LACE HOSE: several patterns to select '
) from. .- : .v i
I 1 — NEW ARRIVALS In WRIST. AUTOMOBILE and CAR- <
> I CATlirn nnM\O RIAGE BAGS, SELLING TO-DAY at a 25 per cent <
I LtAllitn uUULlo discount. Made of Seal. Morocco. Alllgrator and Rus- .
J t - l -r t " lu '' WWUWU Blan Leather. Fitted with mirror, bottle and change
" "~~~"""™ pursa. . . • • "
> ¦ 48c for our 65c quality. O8c for our $1.25 quality. <
k 7Oc for our 98c quality. 91.25 for our $1.75 quality. (
I ¦ ' . 1)11.75 for our $2.50 quality.
k I nri Trt I At 25c— HEAVY SATIN BELTS: oxidized back buckle; <
I ' Hrl F\ new d!p fr ° nt - i
| UULIU At 48e. 75c and *1— FANCY NOVELTY BELTS. Some i
i ' ' are made of silk braid finished with tassel; others are ,
J made of neau de sole. Bilk finished, with jrun metal buckle. "
I A broad range of the. latest effects and: newest colors to select from. (
I IIMRRFI I AS For men. women and children at the popular prices of 4Oe. t
| I UIHUntLLHa j 5Oc. . 75c. OOc, 91 and upward. J
}} I f Money : refunded on any corset bought at our store which (
| . nnQCCTQ - proves unsatisfactory after 30 days' wear. <
I UUnULlU ASK FOR ANY LEADING STYLE AND MAKE.
| L .J : I
| SOe for our 60c Corset. »1.OO for our $1.25 Corset. <
k BOc for our 75o Corset. * 81.5O for our $2.00 Corset. ,
? 75c for our $1.00 Corset. ¦ . $U.OO for our $2.50 Corset. _ '
* • These - values hold ; jrood for to-day only. • '
* GREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN WITH EVERY PURCHASE. '
! iVIARKS BROS. ;
I . -HONEST VALUES" <
\ 1220-1222-1224 Market; Street, bet. Taylor and Jones j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\$0HEMIAti
\ Pure, Pde and Spcrkling. Bottled
I Only at the Brewery in Si. Loab.
1 SOLO EVERYWHERE.
B HILtikKT MERCANTILE CO..
Ml PaclHc Coast Aftents. <
Iallonby
HI A NEW CLUETT TAB
H IN QUARTER SEES— AT
|| YOUR FURNISHERS.
1 CLUETT, PEABOOY A CO.
Ba makers d ;
TOY BELLQ
A Story of Quinnebasset
I By SOPHIE MAY 9
I America's Greatest Living Writer I
for Young PeopI:, is the best new [j
book to read or to give a friend. .1
At Booksellers'. $1 net: postpaid $1.10. rt
IiEE & SHEPABD, Boston. jj
*~CUTI2EI3f
EVERgBLMMRBANTZD
For Stomach Disorders
Gout and Dvsoepsla
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalino WateKH,
¦ ¦'&, "VIG-NLEB CO., San Prandsco.
_^ — —^— — — — — — —
d visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
iHUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
U G& lSsllLl2ZXZS?-t«*~S:tft7£,S.7.U.i
\ Hr Tie Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A r^in—^ World. Weakne»e» or auy contracted A
y £TC gjfc disease p«»Hi»ely nrnl »y the oldsit V
© / STU SP* 04 - 1 " 00 lii ~ Cout Hst.36jeirv ©
A Jf$7 A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM &
\ V(!7@3» Comultition free and $tiirt!y priTMe. \
S I \JtijB Treatment prrw.llly or by letter. A B
Y A 1 r T» B i>»«teit» Cin-iin eTerjr caseuTKiertAlten. \
ill' II A Wrtefw B'-xik. PUII.OtiiPnY *f A
V* 11 BlBBUCe. MULED PKBB. (XV
A ¦ I i> valuable book for mm) v
V I5«. JUBI)*.\ A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 3 F. V
p-^^^^^p^y^ 5>> v^^fl
JM Those snSerins from weak-
¦^ nesses which sap the pleasures
* P ¦ of Ufe should take JaTen Pills.
isr One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenatins. vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. ana SL
Made by it3 originators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's SarsaDarilla. LowelL Mass.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
tor and Nervine. vy
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Sc«-Vi-
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEH, ALFS & BRUNE, Agent*.
323 Market it.. 5. F.— (Send for Circular*.)