Brewster walked to the club, alated
that ha had at least made a beginning.
His position was now clear. Besides
loslnc a fortune. he v must win Barbara
in open competition.
At the theater that evening ha met Har
rison, who was In a state of Jubilation.
"Where did you get that tip?" asked he.
•Tip? What tip?" from Brewster.
"On the prize fight."
Brewster's face fell and something cold
crept : over ' him.
"How did— what was tha wroltT* ha
asked, sure af the answer.
"Haven't you heard? Your man knock*'
plness should be considered. I can only
live in tha hope that when I come to you
again with this same atory and this sama
question you'll not be afraid to trust
yourself to me."
"You deserve to be happy for that, Mon
ty." she said, earnestly, and It was with
difficulty that she kept her eyes from
wavering as they looked Into his. .
"You will let me try to maka you Iot%
me?" he asked, eagerly.
"I may not be. worth the ¦trugrle."
"I'll take that chance." he replied.
She was conscious of disappointment
after he" was gone. He had not pleaded
as ardently as she had expected and da-*
sired, and try. as she would'she could not
banish the touch of irritation that bad
come to haunt her for tbe night. VijjKgB
It Is best not to repeat the expressions
BrevBtcr used regarding -fine S. Jones,
after reading his telegram. But ; he felt
considerably relieved after he had uttered
them. He fell to reading accounts of the
b'.g Drize-ficht which was to take place
In San Francisco that evening. He re
\-«:l*d in the descriptions of "uppercuts"
and "left hook*/* and learned incident
ally that the affair was to be quite one
sided. A local amateur was to box a
champion. Quick to Fee an opportunity,
and cajoling himself into the belief that
Bwrarenren Jones could not object to
men a display of sportsmanship. Brew
«ter made Harrison book several good
wagers on the result He intimated. that
he had reason to believe that the favor
ite would lose. Harrison soon placed S3000
on bis man. Tbe yotinc financier f*-lt so
cure of the result that he entered the bets
on the, profit side of his ledger the mo
xn*nt he received Harrison's report. '•_
This done, he telephoned' Miss Drew. She
was not insensible to the 'significance of
his inquiry If she would be In /that after
noon. 8he had observed in 'him; of late a
condition of uneasiness, supplemented by
morosene*s and occasional pe.iods of iras
cibility. Every girl " whose . occupation- In
life is the study v of men recognizes these
•ymptoms and knows how to trestt^tiem/
Barbara had deatt with many >nrtvaf-
Clcted In this manner, and the < flutter of
anticipation that came with his 1 urgent
plea to see her was tempered rby cxntri
ence. It had somethlnfe of.joy !n"ltf *or*
•he cared enough for Montgomery Brew-
DC
IX>VE ATCD A PRIZE-FIGHT.
From the window she watched him
swing off down the street, wondering if
he would turn to wave his hand to her,
his custom for years. But the broad
back was straight and uncompromising.
Ills long strides carried him swiftly out
of Eight, but It was many minutes be
fore she turned her eyes, which were
smarting, a little from the point where
he was lost In the crowd. The room
looked eshen to her as she brought her
mind back to it, and somehow things had
grown difficult.
When Montgomery re-ached home he
found this telegram from Mr. Jones.
M^ntpomery Brcwrter. New York City.
Btlck to your knlttl&s, you damned fonl.
S. JOXES.
4 "I haven't told her In bo many words,
Peggy, but— but I'm going to this even-
Ing.", he announced, lamely.
"This evening?"
"I can't wait," Monty said as he rose
to go. "rm glad you're pleased, Peggy:
I need your good wishes. And Peggy,"
h« continued, with a touch of boyish
wlstfulness, "do you think there's a
chance for a fellow? I've had the very
deuce cf a time over that Englishman."
Jt was not quite easy for her to say,
"Monty, you are the best in the world.
Co In and win."
"You. Monty V ehe said. Incredulously.
"I've got It bad. Peggy." he replied,
¦taring hard at the floor. She could not
tindensta.nd,the cold, gray tone that tud
denly enveloped the room. The strange
sense of loneliness that came over her
was Inexplicable. The little something
that rose In her throat would not be dis
lodged, nor could she throw off the
weight that seemed pressing down upon
her. He saw the odd look In her eyes and
the drawn, uncertain smile on her lips,
but he attributed them to wonder and in
credulity. Somehow, after all these
years, he was transformed before her
very eyes; che was looking upon a new
personality. He was no longer Mont
gomery, the brother, but she could not
explain how and when the change crept
over her. What did It all nean? "I am
very glad If It will make you happy,
Monty," she said slowly, the gray in her
lips giving way to red once more. "Does
she know?"
She looked into his eyes dully for an in
stant, not realizing the full Importance of
his confession.
"H«-'s a bounder," he argued.
"Wejl, don't take It to heart. You don't
have to marry him," and Peggy laughed.
"But I do take it Ut bjeart, Peg*y,"
eaid Monty, seriously. "I'm pretty hard
bit. and I want your help. A sister's ad
vice is always the beet In a matter of tnla
«ort."
Following his habit In trouble he
sought Margaret Gray, to whom he ccUld
always appeal for advice and consolation.
Ehe was to come to his next dinner party,
and It was easy to lead up to the subject
In hand by mentioning the other giusts.
"And Barbara Drew," he concluded,
after naming all the others. They were
alone in the library, and she was drink
ing in the details cf the dinner as be re
lated them.
"Wasn't she at your first dinner?" efie
asked, quickly.
He successfully affected mild embar
rassment.
"Yes."
"She must be very attractive." There
was no venom In Peggy's heart.
"She is attractive. In fact, she's one
of the best, Peggy." he said, paving the
way.
"It's too bad she 6eerns to car* for that
little Duke."
Is neither a loan nor is It
charity. Old Jones might call It needless
extravagance, Blnce he's a bachelor, but
It's good business." Monty was hopeful.
ii«M «\HY Isn't that reasonable?"
• » \ A J he asked himself after the
\\/ *>oy had gone. "Making
* r property over to one's wife
Copyrtrfit. XKS. by Herbert S. Btone it
Co. All Rlghti Reserved.
/•-'Don't ¦¦ be 'bo distressed,** he pleaded.'
VTrou - will love me, ¦ I know, because you
low© * roe now. ' This TneSreft much to « me,"
but' It means more" to you. - You ' are the
woman, and you are the one whose hap-
t VI forgot myself// he said, hunfbly. '
'. "You forgot me/'; she protested.; gently,
touched by .this sign of. contrition. "I v'do
caVe for yon, • Monty,"; but "don't i you* sea
tt'« -no- little 'thlngiycu ask of me?'I must
be^nure— very sureJ-Uefo're- 1— before— —••,"' •'
"It is like you to ma'nage the !whola
thing," she said, chldlngly. "Can't you
£ive me time to convince myself that I
love* you as you would like, and as I
must love If I expect to be happy with
the man I marry?"
"I care for you a great deal, Monty,"
she aald. "but I'm wondering whether. I
care enough to— marry you." ' ' .
"We haven't known . each .' other" Very
long. Babs." he said; -'tenderly, "butl I
think we know each other well enough ii
be beyond wondering."
There was a gleam In his eyes that
made her pose of Indifference .difficult;'
the fervor of his half-whispered words
took possession of her. She had expected
sentiment of such a different character
that his frank confession disarmed her
completely. Beneath his ardent, abrupt
plea there was assurance, the confi
dence of one who Is not to be denied. It
was not what he had said, but the way he
had »ald it. A wave of^exultatlon swept
over her. tingling through every, nerve.
Under the spell her resolution* to dally
lightly with his emotion suffered a check
that almost brought Ijrnomlnlous surren
der. Both of her hands were clasped in
his when he exultantly resumed tha
charge against her heart, but she was rap-
Idly regaining control of her emotions and
he did not know that he was losing
ground with each step he took • forward.
Barbara Drew loved Brewster; but: she
was going to make him pay dearly for tha
brief lapse her composure had expe
rienced. When next she spoke she was
again the Miss Drew who had been
trained in the ways of the world, and not
the young girl In love. ¦ .
"You are very good to see me." he said
at last. "It was absolutely necessary for
me to talk to you this evening; I could
not have endured the suspense any long
er. Barbara, I've sent three or four sleep
less nights on your account. 'Will It spoil
your evening If I tell you In plain words
what- you already know? It won't bother
you. will It?" he floundered.
"What do you mean, Monty?" she
begged, purposely dense, and with won
derful control of eyes.
"I love you, Babs." he cried. "\ thought
you knew about it all alone: or I should
have told you before. That's why I
haven't slept. The fear that you may not
care for me has driven me nearly to dis
traction. It couldn't go on any longer. I
must know to-day."
"I was beginning to despair, Monty,"
cald Miss Drew, reproachfully, when he
had come down from the height of his
exasperation and remembered that there
were things of more Importance.
The light In his eyes brought the faint
est tinge of red to her cheeks, and .wher«
a moment before there had been annoy
ance, there was now a feeling of serenity.
For a moment the silence was fraught
with purpose. Monty glanced around the
room, uncertain how to begin. It was not
so easy as he imagined. \
Just before leaving -kU apartments for
Miss Drew's home he received ' this re
sponse from far-away Montana:
BUTTE. Montana. Oct. 23. 1—.
Montgomery Breweter, New York.
We are eUht thousand feet above the level
of the ?ra. I rapDose that's why it roffts us
less to Uve «o hleh. S. JONES.
Two irilnuies later »the following tele
gram to Swearengen Jones was awaiting
the arrival of a messenger boy, and Brew
ster was blandly assuring Messrs., Grant
& Ripley that he did not '.'care a rap for
the consequences": ¦';¦..*¦¦,•'-
NEW. YORK. October 23. 1—^ :
Ewearenr'n Jones. nutte, Mont.
No <5ocbt you could do it fnr lees than fit
thousand. Montana is regarded as the best
rrazlng country In the world, but we don't
eat that *ort of stuff In ¦ New York. That's
why It costs more to live here. ->- - ••
MONTGOMERY. BREWSTER..
"I don't believe he disapproved, Mr.
Brewster. In the West the old gentle
man Is widely known as a wit." :
."A wit. eh? Then 'he'll appreciate an
answer from me. Have you a telegraph
blank. Mr. Grant?" * ¦
It was nearly half-past five when ha
came, and for once the philosophical Miss
Drew felt a little Irritation. So cepatn
was she of his object In coming that his
tardiness was a trifle ruffling. He apol
ogized Cpr being: 1j ». and succeeded* In
banishlngMhe pique \hat possessed her.
It was naturally Impossible for him to
chare all his secrets with her, and that Is
why he did not tell 'her that Grant &
Ripley had called him up to report the re
ceipt of a telegram from Swearengen
Jones. In which the gentleman laconically
said he could feed the whole State of
Montana for less than $6000. Beyond that
there was no comment. Brewster, In dire
trepidation, hastened to the office of the
attorneys. They smiled when he burst
In upon them.
"Good heavens!" he exclaimed, "does
the miserly old hayseed expect, me. to
ppend a million for newspapers, cigarettes
and Boston terriers? I thought be would
be reasonable!" 7 ." ¦ •
"He evidently has seen the newspaper
accounts of your dinner, and this Is mere*
ly his comment," eald Mr. Ripley.
"It's either a warning, pr else he's am
biguous In his compliments," growled
Brewster. disgustedly.
eter to have made her anxiously uncer
tain of his state of mind. She cared. In
deed, much more than she Intended to
confess at the outset.
Then la rapid fuecesslon will f ol
lew that thrilling new novel, "Tb«
Golden Fetich," by Eden Phiilpotts;
•The Vaster cf Appleby," by Francis
I<ynn; "Crittenden," by John Fox
Jr.| "The Two Vanrerels," by Booth
Tarklngtoai "The Turnpike House,"
by Fergus Hume, etc., etc
HEBE Is the most fascinating
problem in the world to-day,
presented In its most fascinat
ing forxa. It is the theme of Bichard
P. Greaves' new novel, "Brewster's
Millions." "Can you spend a million
a year, get your money's worth and
yet hrre nothing to show for it at th«
end ef tha* time?" If you think yon
can, Just read en. "Brewster's Mil-
Ileus" will teach yeu a thing ertro
sad hold you la complete thralldoa
while delag It
Under the Sunday Call 1 * n*w Uter
aiy policy' you will not haT» t» read
leas;. Too net ealy get the very
latest unli by the most famous
writes la the world, but yon get
them quick. Thert are not long waits
between lastallments and no lnter-
Blaable scries ef "Continued la our
text*' catch lines.
BREWSTER'S MILLIONS.
Sunday Call Literary SectionBrewster made a good story of- the
"hold-lip", at the club, but he did not re
late all the details. One of the listeners
was a new public commissioner who was
aggressive in his efforts, at reform. Ac
cordingly, Brewster Was summoned to
headquarters . the next morning for the
purpose : of .looking over the "suspects"
that had been brought In. Almost ,tne
first . man that he espied was a rough
looking fellow whose Identity could not
be mistaken. It waa BUI.
"Hello, BUI," called Monty, gaily. Bill
ground x, his teeth for . a : second, but :' his
eyes had such an appeal In them that
Monty relented. "
"You know this fellow, Mr. Brewster?*
demanded the . captain, - quickly. Bill
looked utterly, helpless. : .;
"Know Bill [?'.' questioned Monty In sur
prise. ¦ ''Of 'course I do, Captain."
"He was picked up late last night and
detained, because * he would give no "ac
count of 'his actions."
• ,'*Was . It , as bad i as that, > Bill ?" asked
Brewster, > with > a smile. ; BUI mumbled
something : , and ¦ assumed , a ' ¦ look of defi
ance. y : ; Monty's attitude puzzled ,.- mm
sorely. He hardly breathed for an . In
stant, and gulped perceptibly. " v
"Pass . Bill, •, Captain. > He was with " me
last '.- night ' just before my » money was
taken, and he couldn't possibly have
robbed me without my knowledge. .Walt
for,* me outside,/ Bill. : I want i to ; talk to
you. I'm quite sure neither, of the thieves
is here, ' Captain," concluded Brewster.
XII.
CHRISTMAS DESPAIR.
:. Brewster found his coat a few minutes
later, and went whistling away into the
night The roll of bills was gone.
"We'H leave de coat at de next cor
ner, pardner. It's cold, and you need it
more'n we\do. You're ( de limit, you are.
So Jong. Walk right straight ahead and
don't yell."
Monty's coat, came off in a Jiffy and
he stood shivering before the dnm
founded robbers.
"Well, I hate to do It, boss, but I guess
we'll just take de overcoat and all. It
looks like a trick and we takes no
chances. . Off wld de coat"
Wen, you're a couple of t»Tce highway
men, ' cried Monty in 'disgust
'8h— not so loud."
_"That is no way to attend to business.
Do you expect me to go down Into my
pocket and hnad you the goods on a sil
ver tray?" ,
"Keep your hands up! . You don't wolk
dat game on .me. You got a gun there."
"No, I haven't This Is on the level.
You overlooked a roll of bills In your
haste-, and I'm not the sort of fellow to
see an earnest endeavorer get the worst
of It. My hands are up. See for your-
Belf if I'm not telling you the truth."
"What kind of a game Is dls?" growled
Bill, dazed and bewildered. "I'm blowed
If I know w'at tot'ink o''you," cried he
In honest amazement. "You don't act
drunk, and youy ain't crazy, but there's
sbmethln* wrong wld you. Are you glvln'
It to us, straight about de wad?"
"You can find out easily."
not to conquer.. He regarded the Call
fornlan as an impostor and summary ac
tion was necessary. "I know all about
him, Babs," he said one day after he felt
sure of his position. "Why., his father'
was hono"red by the V. C, on the coast in
•49."
"The Victoria Cross?" asked Barbara
innocently. '
"No, the vigilance committee."
In this way Monty routed the enemy
and cleared the field before tfie end of an
other week. Grimes transferred his objec
tionable affection and Barbara was not
even asked to be wife number three.
Brewster'B campaign was s.o ardent that
he neglected other duties deplorably, fall
ing far behind his improvident average.
With Grimes disposed of, he once more
forsook the battlefield pf love and gave
his harassed and undivided attention to
his own peculiar btsjlness:
The fast-and-loose game • displeased
MIes Barbara greatly. She was at first
surprised, then piqued, then resentful.
Monty gradually awoke to the distressing'
fact that she was going to be intractable,
as he put it. and •forthwith undertook to'
smooth the troubled sea. To his amaze
ment and concern she was not, to be ap
peased. * . -
"Does it occur to you, Monty," she said,
with a gentle coldness that was Infinitely,
worse than heat, "that you have been
carrying things with a pretty high hand?
Where did you acquire the right to inter
fere with my privileges? You seem to
think that I am not to speak to any man
but you,"
"Oh, come now, Babs," retorted Monty;
"I've not been quite as unreasonable as
that And you know yourself that Grimes
is the worst kind of a bounder." ,
"I -know nothing of the sort," replied
the lady, with growing irritation. "You
say that of every man who gives me a
smile or a flower. Does it indicate such
atrocious' taste?" (¦
"Don't be silly, Barbara. You know
perfectly ' well that you have talked to
Gardner and that Idiot Valentine by the
hour and I've not said a word. But there
are some things I can't stand, and the
Impertinence of Grimes Is one of ¦ them.
Jove! he looked at you out of those fishy
eyes sometimes as though he owned you.
If you knew how many times I've fairly
ached to knock him down!"
Inwardly Barbara' was' weakening a
little before his masterfulness. But she
gave no sign. ' , :
"And it never occurred to 'you," she
said, with that exasperating coldness of
the voice,' "that I was equal to the situa
tion. I suppose you thought Mr.. Grimes
had . only to beckon arid I would joyfully
answer. I'll have you know, Monty
Brewster, right now, that I am quite able
to choose my. friends and to handle them.
Mr. Grimes has character and I. like him.'
He has seen more of life: in a year of
his strenuous career.*' than you ever
dreamed of In all: your, pampered .exis
tence. His life • has been real, - Monty,
Brewster, and yours Is only an Imita
tion." ' ;
It struck him hard, but It left him gen
tle.
"Babs," he said, softly, "I can't take
' Brewster refused the money, but took
back his watch.
"Keep It BUI," he said, "you need it
more than I do. It's enough to set you
up In some other trade. Why not try
it?" v:;;.v
"I will try, boss," and Bill was so pro
fuse In his thanks that Monty had diffi
culty In getting away. As he climbed
into a cab he heard . Bill say, ¦ "I will
try, boss,, and say, If ever I can do any
thing for you, jes' put me nex\ I'm
nex* you all de time."
He grave the driver the name of his
club, but as he was passing the Waldorf
he remembered that he had several
things to say to Mrs. Dan. The order
was changed, and a few moments later
he waa received In Mrs. Dan's very spe
cial den.. She wore something soft and
graceful in lavender, something that was
light and wavy and evanescent, and
made you watch it3 changing shadows.
Monty looked down at her with the feel
ing that she made a very effective pic
ture.
"You are looking pretty fit this morn*
Ing, my lady," he said by way of pre
amble. "How well everything plays up
to you."
"And you are unusually courtly, Mon
ty," she smiled. "Has the world treated
you so generously of late?"
"It Is treating me generously enough
Just now to make up for anything," and
he looked at her. "Do you know, Mrs.
Dan, that It ls'borne In upon me now and
then that there- are things that are quite
worth while?"
"Oh, if "you come to that," she an
swered, lightly, "everything Is worth
while. For you, Monty, life la certainly
not slow. You can dominate; you can
make things go your way. Aren't" they
going your way now, Monty"— thla more
seriously— "What's wrong? Is the pace
too fast?"
His mood Increased upon him with her
sympathy. "Oh, no." he said. "It isn't
that You are good— and I'm a selfish
beast ; Things are perverse and people
are desperately obstinate sometimes. And
here I'm taking it out on you. You are
not perverse. You are not obstinate
You are a ripper, Mrs. Dan. and you are
going to help me out In more ways than
one.",
"Well, to pay for all these gallantries,
Monty, I ought to do much. I'm your
friend through thick and thin. You have
only to command, me." ¦
"It was precisely. to get your help that
I came In. I'm tired of those confounded
dinners. You know yourself that they
are all alike— the same people, the same
flowers, the same things to eat -and the
same inane twaddle in the shape of talk
Who cares-about them, anyway?"
"Well, I like that." she Interrupted.
"After all the thought I put Into those
dinners, after all the variety I so care
fully'secured! My dear boy, you are
frightfully ungrateful," ¦ *
VOh, you know what I mean. And you
know quite as well as I do that It is per
fectly true. The dinners were a beastly
bore, which proves that they were a loud
success. Your, work was not done In vain.
But now I want something else. We
Monty Brewster had something like
$200,000 in Colonel Drew's bank. He would
not have regretted on his own. account
the collapse of this Institution, but ha
realized what It meant to the hundreds
of other depositors, and for the first time
he appreciated what his money could ac
complish. Thinking that his presence
might eive confidence to the other de
positors and stop the run he went over
to the bank with Harrison and Brag
don. The tellers were banding out thou
sands of dpllars to the eager depositors.
His friends advised him strongly to with-
When the bank opened for business on
the Tuesday following the failure there
was a stampede of frightened depositors.
Before 11 o'clock the run had assumed
ugly proportions and no amount of argu
ment could stay the onslaught Colonel
Drew and the directors, at first mildly
distressed, and then seeing that the af
fair had become serious, grew more
alarmed than they could afford to let
the public see. / The loans of all of the
banks were unusually large. Incipient
runs on some had put all of them in an
attitude of caution and there was a nat
ural reluctance to expose their own In
terests to Jeopardy by coming to the re
lief of the Bank of Manhattan Island.
It was while Brewster was In tn«
depths of despair that his financial af
fairs had a windfall. One of the banks
In which his money waa deposited failed
and his balance of over $100,000 was wiped
out Mismanagement was the cause, and
the collapse came on Friday, the thir
teenth day of the month. Needless ta
say it destroyed every vestige ef the su
perstition he may have had regarding
Friday and the number thirteen.
Brewster had money deposited ia five
banks, a transaction Inspired- by the wild
hope that one of them might some day
suspend operations and thereby prove a
legitimate benefit to him. There seemed
no prospect that the bank could resume
operations, and If the depositors in the
end realized 20 cents on the dollar they
would be fortunate. Notwithstanding the
fact that everybody had considered the
Institution substantial there were not a
few wiseacres who called Brewster a fool
and were so unreasonable as to say that
he did not know how to. handle money.
He heard that Miss Drew, In particular,
was bitterly sarcastic in referring to his
stupidity.
This failure caused a tremendous flurry
in banking circles. It was but natural
that questions concerning the stability
of other banks should be asked, and it
was not lonjr before many wild, disquiet
ing reports were afloat Anxious deposi
tors rushed into the big banking Insti
tutions and then .rushed out again, par
tially assured that there was no danger.
The newspapers sought to allay the fears
of the people, but there were many to
whom fear became panic. There were
short, wild runs on some of the smaller
banks, but all were In a fair way to re
store confidence when out came the ru
mor that the Bank of Manhattan Island
waa In trouble. Colonel Prentlss Drew,
railroad magnate, -was the president of
this bank.
A FRIEND IN NEED.
"No, thank you; I think I'll walk.",
"Well, Just walks' south ¦£¦ hundred steps
without looking/round* er yellln*: and you
kin save your . skin. I : guess ¦' you know
what I mean, ', pardner." •
"I'm sure I. do." '.; Good-night."^ • •
,.^'By, gad!", he -exclaimed; ; "you chape
are !,very - careless. Do \ you • know you've
missed | a roll of | three hundred dollars \ In
this ', overcoat pocket?" The > men gasped
and the spasmodic ' oaths ' that came ' from
them i were born ? of I incredulity; " It ', was
plain that they doubted their ears,, v. .
."Bay.: it ! ag'ln," muttered Bill," in bewil
dered tones. . ¦/•¦:-. .;•: ', :..•>..' . ;.'
"He's stringin* us. Bill," said the other.
"Sure/* growled Bill.', "It's i a' nice .way
to treat us, mister. Move along now and
don't; turn .'round. 1 !-'
"I guess we'll be : satisfied," : chuckled
the man with the revolver. • "Tou're aw
ful nice and. kind, mister, and maybe you
wouldn't, object' to tellln'us when you'll
be up dls way ag'ln." <
"It's a pleasure to do business with
you, pardner," said the other, dropping
Monty's 1300 watch In his 'pocket." -'.'We'll
leave car fare for you for your honesty."
His hands were running ' through Brew
ster's pockets with . the quickness of a
machine. "You don't go much-on.Jew
elry, I guess. Are dose shoit buttons de
real fing?" , . .
"They're, pearls/' 'said Monty, ' "cheer
fully. . • , -.
"My favorite Jool," sad the man with
the revolver. "Clip .'em out, "< BUI." ." ',.
- "Don't cut the shirt,',', urged Monty.
"I'm going to a little supper, and I do^t
like the Idea of a punctured shirt-front."
. "I'll, be careful as I kin, mister. There,
I guess dafs all. Shall I call a cab. for
you, sir?" . ¦...-,..-:: ' ,,,..'
"Help yourselves, boys. I'm not fool
enough to scrap about it. Don't hit me
or shoot— that's all. Be quick about it,
because I'll take cold .If my overcoat Is
open long. How's business .been to
night?" Brewster was' to all Intents and
purposes the calmest man lit New York.
"Fierce!" said the one wno was doing
the searching. "You're the first, guy
we've seen In a week that looks good."
"I hope you won't -be, '-'disappointed,"
said Monty, genially. ", "If I'd expected this
I might have brought more money."..
Monty's Tack its he left the howse. • ne
was thoroughly wretched. ¦
"Throw up your hands!" came hoarsely
from somewhere, and there was ho ten
derness In the tones. For an : Instant
Monty was dazed and bewildered, but in
the next he saw two shadowy figures
walking beside him. "Stop where you
are, young fellow," was the next com
mand, and he stopped, short He was in
a mood to fight, but the sight of a revol
ver made him think again. Monty was
not a coward, neither was he a fool. Ho
was quick to see that a struggle would be
madness.
"What do you want?" he demanded as
coolly as his nerves would permit. .
"Put up your hands, quick!" and he has
tily obeyed the injunction. \i
\ "Not a sound out of you or you get It
good and proper. You know what we
want. Get to work, Bill; I'll watch' his
handB." .' • - . ' ' ¦
Rawles added to his despair a day or
two after the Stock Exchange misfortune.
He brought up'the Information that six
splendid little puppies .had come to bless
his Boston terrier family, and Joe Brag
don, who was present, enthusiastically
predicted that he could get $100 apiece for
them. Brewster loved dogs, yet for one
single horrible moment he longed to mas
sacre the helpless little creatures. But
the old affection came back to him, and
he hurried out with Bragdon to Inspect
the brood.
"And I've either got to sell them or kill
them," he groaned. Later on he in
structed Bragdon to sell the pups for $25
apiece, and went away, ashamed to look
their proud mother in the face.
Fortune smiled on him before the day
was over, however. He took "Subway"
Smith for a ride In the "Green Jugger
naut," bad weather and bad roads not
withstanding. Monty lost control of the
machine and headed for a subway excava
tion. He and Smith saved themselves by
leaping to the pavement, sustaining slight
bruises, but the great machine crashed
through the barricade and dropped to the
bottom of the trench far below. To
Smith's pripf and Brewster's delight the
automobile was hopelessly ruined, a clear
loss of many thousands. Monty's joy
was Bh*ort-lived, for it was soon learned
that three luckless workmen down in the
depths had been badly Injured by the
preen meteor from above. The mere fact
that Brewster could and did pay liber
ally for the relief of the poor fellows af
forded him little consolation. His care
lessness, and possibly his Indifference, had
brought suffering to these men and their
families which was not pleasant to look
back upon. Lawsuits were avoided by
compromises. Each, of the Injured men
received $4000.
At this time every one was Interested in
the charity bazaar at the Astoria, Society
was on exhibition, and the public paid for
the privilege of gazing at the men and
women whose names filled the society col
umns. Brewster frequented the booth pre
sided over by Miss Drew, and there
seemed to be no end to his philan
thropy. The bazaar lasted two days and
nights, and after that period his account
book showed an even "profit" of nearly
$3000. Monty's serenity, however, was
considerably ruffled by the appearance of
a new and aggressive claimant for the
smiles of the fair Barbara. He was a Cal-
Brewster bobbed uncertainly between
two emotions— elation and distress. He
had achieved two kinds of success— «the
desired and the undesired. It was but
natural that he should feel proud of the
distinction the venture had brought to
him on one hand, but there was reason
for despair over the acquisition of $50,000.
It made it necessary for him to under
take an almost superhuman feat— Increase
the number of his January bills. The plans
for the ensuing spring and summer were
dimly getting into shape and they cov
ered many startling projects. Since con
fiding some of them to "Nopper" Harri
son, that gentleman had worn a never
decreasing look of worry and anxiety in
his eres. /¦ ¦
It was not that he had realized heavily
In his Investments which caused his
friends and his enemies, to regard him
In a new light; his profit had been quite
Email, as things go on the Exchange in
these days. The mere fact that he had
shown such foresight proved sufficient
cause for the reversal of opinion. Men
looked at him with new interest in their
eyes, with fresh confidence. His unfor
tunate operations in the stock market
had restored him to favor In all circles.
The man. young or old, who could do
what he had done with Lumber and Fuel
well deserved the new promises that were
being made for him.
XI.
COALS OF FIRE
Gardner, dazed and weak, began selling
and finally liquidated the full line at
prices ranging from 114 to 122^. but Mont
gomery Brewster had cleared 158.550, and
all because It was he and not the market
that got excited.
"Tou're a wonder, Monty! I'll see you
after the close. How the devil did you
do it?" shouted Gardner.
"What's the price now?" asked Brew
ster.
"One thirteen and three-fourths, and
going up all the time. Hooray!"
"Do you think she'll go down again?"
demanded Brewster.
"Not If I can help it."
"Very well then, go and sell out,*:
roared Brewster. ,¦ '
"But she's polng U p like—"
"Sell, damn you! Didn't yau hear?"
In ten minutes' time Lumber and Fuel
was again up to 113 and soaring. Brew
ster. panic-stricken, rushed to the tele
phone and called up Gardner.
The brok«r. hoarse with excitement,
was delighted when he recognized Brew-
Eter's voice.
"You sly dog," said the Colonel, dig
ging Monty In the side.- "I had confi
dence in you all the time."
The bystanders were beginning to be
disgusted. "It was only a fluke after
all," they said to each other. Colonel
Drew was appealed to to urge Monty to
save himself and he was on the ooint of
remonstrance when the message came
that the threatened strike was off. and
that the men were willing to aibltrate.
Almost before one could draw breath this
startling news began to make Itself felt
The certainty of a great strike was one
of the things that had made Brewster
cure that the price could not hold. With
this danger removed there was nothing
to jeopardize the" earning power of the
stock. The next quotation was a point
higher. ; > ; ;,,v
When Brewster's bewildered eyes, raced
over the figures the stock was quoted at
111. His sigh of relief was heard but mis
understood. He might be saved after all.
The stock bad started to ro dewn and
there seemed no reason why It should
stop. As he Intended to purchase no
more It was fair to assume that the back
bono was at the breaking point. The
crash was bound to come. He could
hardly restrain a cry of Joy. Evtn while
he stood at the ticker the little Instru
ment began to tell of a further decline.
As the price went <Bown his hopes went
up- ;¦«
along came this sensational order for ten
thousand shares; and there could be | but
one result. At one time In tba morning
Lumber and Fuel, traded in by excited
holders, touched 113V4 and seemed In a
fair way to' hold firm around that figure.
Othe.* men came. up and listened eager
ly. Brewster realized that his dash in
Lumber and Fuel had been a. master
stroke of cleverness when considered from
the point of view of these men, but a
catastrophe from his own.
"I hope you sold It when It was at the
top." said the colonel excitedly.
"X Instructed Gardner to sell only when
I gave the word," said Monty, lamely.
Several of the men looked at him in sur
prise and disgust
"Well, If I were you I'd tell him to sell,"
remarked the colonel coldly. »
"The effect of your plunge has 'worn
off, Brewster, and the other side will
drive the prices down. They won't be
caught napping again, either," said one of
the bystanders earnestly.
"Do you think so?" And there was a
note of relief In Monty's voice.
From all sides came the advice to sell
at once, but Brewster was not to be
pushed. He calmly lighted a cigarette
and with an assured air of wisdom told
them to wait a little while and see.
"She's already falling off," said some
one at the tick«r.
"How did you do it. my boy?" cried
the colonel. "She's off a point or two
now, I believe, but half an hour ago she
was booming. Gad, I never heard of
anything more spectacular!"
Monty's heart was In his moutfe as he'
rushed over to the ticker. It did not take
him long to grasp the Immensity of the
disaster. Gardner had bought In at JOS«£.
and that very action seemed to put new
life into the stock. Just as it was on the
point of breaking for lack ef support
Colonel Drew's dignity relaxed amaz
ingly when he caught sight of the young
man. He came forward to meet him and
his greeting almost carried Monty off his
feet.
Somewhere far back in his inner self
there seemed to be the sound of cheer-
Ing and the clapping of hands. Shortly
before noon he reached his club, where
he was to lunch with Colonel Drew. In
the reading-room he observed that men
were looking at him in a manner less
casual than was customary. Some of
them went so far as to smile encourag
ingly, and others waved their hands In
the most cordial fashion. Three or four
very young members looked upon him with
admiration and envy and even the porters
seemed more obsequious. : There was
something strangely oppressive In all this
show of deference.
"Gardv, I've gone # into this thing care
fully, and if ever a man felt' sure about
anything I do about this." said Monty,
tlecUledly but affectionately.
"Take my word for it. Lumber can't
go ar.y higher. Think of the situation;
the lumbermen in the North and West
are overstocked, and there is a strike
ready to go into effect. When that comes
the «?tock will go for a song. The slump
Is liable to begin any day."
"My mind is made up," said the other
firmly, and Gardner was In despair. "Will
you or will you not execute an order for
xn» at the opening to-morrow? Til start
¦with 10,000 shares. What will it cost me
to margin It for ten points?"
"At least a hundred thousand. excJu
slve of commission, which would be
twelve and a half a hundred shares."
Despite the most strenuous opposition
from Gardner. Brewster adhered to his
design, and the broker executed the order
the next morning. He knew that Brewster
had but one chance to win, and that was
to buy the stock in a lump Instead of uls
tributing It among several brokers and
throughout the session. This was a point
that Monty had overlooked.
There had been lltUe to excite tbe-Stock
Exchange for some weeks; nothing was
active and the slightest flurry was hailed
os an event. Every one knew that tha
calm would be disturbed at 6ome next
day. but nobody looked for a sensaicn
In Lumber and Fuel. It was a foregene
conclusion that a slump was. coming and
there was scarcely any trading tn the
stock. When Elon Gardner, acting for
Montgomery Brewster, took ten thousand
chares at lCS^i there was a mighty gasp
or. the exchange, then a rubbing of eyes,
then commotion. Astonishment was fol
lowed by r.trvGUsness, and then came t">e
struggle.
Brewster. confident that the stock could
go no higher, and that sooner or later It
mast drop, calmly ordered his horse for
a ride In the snow covered park. Even
though h« knew the venture was to be a
failure in the ordinary sense he found
joy in the knowledge that he was doing
something. He might be a fool, he was
at least no longer Inactive. The feel of
the air was good to him. He was exhila
rated by the glitter of the snow, the an
swering excitement of his horse, the gay
ety and sparkle of life about him.
"Good heavens. Monty," cried the
broker, "you're joking. Lumber Is away
up now. It can't possibly go a fraction
01 a point higher. Take my advice and
don't touch it. It opened to-day at 111%
and closed at 103. Why, man, you're crazy
to think about it for an instant."
"1 know my business, Gardner," said
Brewster quietly, and his conscience
smote him when he saw the flush of mor
tification creep Into the face of his trlend.
The rebuke had cut Gardner to the quick.
"But, Mont, I know what I'm talking
about. At least let me tell you some
thing about this stock," pleaded Elon,
loyally, despite the wound.
"With this project in mind he decided to
cause a little excitement In Wall street.
For some days he stealthily watched the
stock market and plied his friends with
questions about values. Constant reading
and observation finally convinced him that
Lumber and Fuel Common was the one
stock In which he could safely plunge.
Casting aside all apprehension, so far as
Swearengen Jones was concerned, he pre
pared for whit was to be bis one and
only venture on the Stock Exchange be
fore the £3d of the following September.
With all the cunning and craftiness of a
general he laid his plans for the "attack.
Gardner's face wag the picture of despair
when Brewster asked him to buy heavily
in Lumber and Fuel.
Monty's attitude was not due to any
waning cS, his affection, but to the very
tinromantlo business In which he was en
gaged. Zt seemed to him that, plan as
hi rn^ht, be could not devise fresh ways
*lti4 means to earn $16,090 a day. He was
still eomfortably ahead in the race, but
9. famine fix opportunities was not far
remote. Ten big dinner parties and a
wiring of elaborate after-the-play suppers
maintained* fair but Insufficient average,
an3 he could see that the time was ripe
for radical 'measures. He could not go
on forever with his dinners. People were
already beginning to refer to the fact that
he was wanning his toes on the social
register, and he had no desire to become
ihe laughing-stock of the town. The few
flighting, sarcastic remarks about his
business ability, chiefly by women, and
therefore reflected from the men, hurt
him. Miss Drew's apparently harmless
taunt and Mrs. Dan's open criticism told
plainly enough how the wind was blow
ing, but it was Peggy's gentle questions
that cut the deepest. There was such
honest concern in her voice that he could
pee how his profligacy was troubling her
and Mrs. Gray. In their eyes, more than
In the others, he felt ashamed and humil
iated. Finally, goaded by the remark of
a bank director which he overheard. "Ed
win P. Brewster is turning handsprings
in his grave over the way he is going it,"
Monty resolved to redeem himself In the
eyes of his critics. He would show them
that his brain was not wholly given over
to frivolity. • , ¦-£?:
that "a man who
wins a girl after an ardent suit is often
Ilk* one who runs after a streetcar and
then sits down to read his paper."
In truth, after the first few days Monty
reemed to have forgotten his competitors
and was resting in the consciousness of
his assured position. Each day h« sent
her flower* and considered that be had
more than done his duty. He used no
email part of his income on the flowers,
but In this case his mission was almost
forgotten in his love for Barbara.
remembered
The next two
months were busy
ones for Brewster.
Miss Drew saw
him quite as often
as before the Im
portant interview,
but he was always
a puzzle to her.
"His attitude is
changed » o m e
how," she thought
to herself, and then
him out In the fifth
round — surprised
everybody."
after Bill had obeyed the order to step
out of' the line.
'"Outside the door the puzzled crook met
Brewster/ who shook- him warmly by the
hand.' ¦:¦',; :
"You're a peach," whispered Bill, grate
fully. "What did you do It for, mis
ter?"
"Because you were kind enough not to
cut my shirt" *
"Say, you're all right, that's what.
Would you mind havln* a drink with
me? It's your ¦ money, but the drink
won't be any thea worse for that. We
blowed most of It already, but here's
what's left." Bill handed Monty a roll
of bills. i
"I'd a kept It If you'd made a fight,"
he continued, "but it ain't square to
keep It now." /..'. . i '• _ • . -
He vied with Brewster In patronising
Barbara's booth, and he rushed Into the
conflict with an impetuosity that seemed
destined to carry everything before It.
Monty was brushed aside, Barbara was
pre-empted, as if she were a mining claim
and ten days after his arrival. In New
York, Grimes was the most talked of man
in town. Brewster was not the sort to be
dispatched without a struggle, however.
Recognizing Grimes as an obstacle, but
not as a rival, he once more donned his
armor and beset Barbara with all the test
of a champion who seeks to protect and
ifornlan of Immense wealth and unbound
ed confidence In himself, and letters to
people in New York had given him. a cer
tain : entree. The triumphs in love and
finance that had come with his two score
years and ten had demolished every ves
tige of timidity that may have been born
with him. He was successful enough In
the world of finance to have become four
or five times a millionaire, and he had
fared bo well In love that twice he had
been a widower. Rodney Grimes was
starting out to win Barbara with the
same dash and Impulsiveness that over
came Mary Farrell, the cook in the min
ing-camp, and Jane Boothroyd, the
school-teacher, who came to California
ready to marry the first man who asked
her. He was a .penniless prospector,
when he married Mary, and when he led
Jane to the altar she rejoiced in having
captured a husband ' worth at least
wo.ooo. . • '•¦ '. . ¦. * .;
\ "Some day, perhaps, you'll find out that
there la not much besides. I am just a
little too big. for one thing, to be played
with and thrown aside. I won't stand it."
He left the hoiwe with his head high in
the air,: angry red in his cheeks, and a
feeling In his heart that she was' the,
most unreasonable of women. Barbara,
in the meantime, cried herself to sleep,
vowing she would never love Monty
Brewster again as long a» she lived. ..
A. sharp cutting wind was blowing la
that, from yon. You don't really mean
it, do. you? Am, I a* bad as that?"
It was a moment for dominance and he
missed it. His gentleness left. her cold.
"Monty, 1 " she- exclaimed ,¦ . .irrita
bly, "you are j terribly, exasperat
ing. : Do make up your mind
that I you. and .. your million are not the
only things. In the world."
His blood was up now, but it flung him
away from her.
"I think you'll end In the poorhouse,
Montgomery Brews ter," she said, with a
laugh.
"You're going away?" and there was
Just a suggestion of catch In her breath.
•Tin going to charter a yacht and sail
away from this place for three or four
months." Peggy fairly gasped. "What
do you think of the schema?" he added,
noticing the alarm and Incredulity In her
eyes.
must push alone
this ba« we've
been ' talking: of.
And the yachting
cruise — that can't
wait very much
longer."
•Th» ball first."
¦he decreed. ' "I'll
Bee to the cards
at once, and In a
day or two I'll
have a list ready
for your gracious
approval. And
what have you
done?"
"Pettlntfll has
some great Ideas
for doing over
Sherry's. Harrison 1* to
Oon with the manager o* that Haa
rarlan orchestra you ¦pok^ot and ,bm
finds the men auite ready for * UtUs
Jaunt across the water. Ws hare that
military band— I've forgotten the nuraDer
of Its reglment-f or the promenade music,
and the new Paris sensation, the con
tralto, Is coming; over with her primo
tenore for iom« apecial numbsr*.
"Tou were certainly cut out for ««
ecuUve. Monty," said Mrs. Dan. "»«
with the muslo and th» decoration* •*-
ranged, you've only begun. Tb* »?«*¦
are the real thta*. and If yo« say Jh*
word we'll surprise them a ilttl* Don t
worry about it, Monty. It's a fo ajtroad/.
We'll pull It off together." -V . -
**Tou are a, thoroughbred. Mrs. Dan."
he exclaimed. "Tou do help a fellow at a
pinch."
"That's all rlfht. Monty," she an
swered: "tive me until after Christmas
and I'll have the finest favors ever seen.
Other peoplo may have their paper hat»
and pink ribbons, but you can show th*m
how the thln» ought to be done." - '
Her reference to Christmas haunted
Brewster as he drove down Fifth avtnue,
with the dread of a new disaster. Never
before had he looked upon presents as a
calamity; but this year It was diffexent.
Immediately he began to plan a bombard
ment of his friends with costly trinkets,
when he suddenly grew doubtful <3f the
opinion of his uncle's executor upon this
move. But In response to a telegram.
Swearengen Jones, with pleasing Irasci
bility. Informed him that "any one with a
drop of human kindness In hia body
would consider it his duty to give Christ
mas presents to those who deserved
them." If his friends meant to handicap
him with gifts, he. knew a way to get
even. For two weeks his mornings were
epent at Tiffany's and the afternoons
brought Joy to the heart of every dealer
In antiquities Jn Fourth and Fifth ave
nues. He gave much thought to the mat
ter In the effort to secure many small ar
ticles which elaborately concealed their
value. And he had taste. The result of
his endeavor was that many friends who
would not have thought of remembering
Monty with even a card were pleasantly
surprised on Christmas Eve. .
As It turned out. he fared very well
In the matter of gifts, and for *ome days
much of his time was spent In reading
notes of profuse thanks, which were yet
vaguely apologetic. The Grays and Mrs.
Dan. had remembered him with an agree
able lack of ostentation, and some of the
"Little Sons of the Rich." who had kept
one evening a fortnight open for the pur
pose of "using up their meal-tickets" at
Monty's, were only too generously grate
fuL Miss Drew had forgotten him.
and when they met after the holiday
her - recognition was ¦ of the coldest;
He had thought that, under the
circumstances, he could send her a ptl
of value, but the beautiful pearls with
which he asked for a reconciliation were
returned "with Miss Drew's thanks." He
loved Barbara sincerely, and It cut.
Peggy Gray was taken into his confidence
and he was comforted by her encourage
ment. It was a bit difficult for her to ad
vise him to try again, but his happiness
was a thing she had at heart.
"It's beastly unfair. Peggy," he said.
"I've really been white to her. I believe
I'll chuck the whole business and leave
New York."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2THE SUNDAY . CALIi.
draw before It was too late, but Monty
was obdurate. They set it down to his
desire to help Barbara's father and ad
mired hl» nerve.
-I understand, Monty," said Bragdon,
and bcth he and Harrison went among
the people carelessly asking one another
If Brewster bad come to withdraw his
money. "No. be has over $200,000, and
he's going to leave it." the other would
say.
Each excited group was visited In turn
by the two men, but their assurance
seemed to accomplish but little. * These
men and women were there to save their
fortunes: the situation was desperate.
Colonel Drew, outwardly calm and se
rene, but inwardly perturbed, finally saw
Erewster and his companions. He sent a
messenger over with the request that
Monty come to tha president's private
office at once.
"He wants to help you to save your
money," cried Bragdon in low tones.
"That shows it's all up."
"Get out every dollar of it Monty, and
don't waste a minute. It's a smash as
sure as fate." urged Harrison, a feverish
expression in his eyes.
Breirstcr was admitted to the colonel's
private office. Drew was alone and was
pacing the floor like a caged anlmai.
"Sit down, Brewster, and don't mind
If I eeem nervous. Of course we can hold
out. but It is terrible— terrible. They
think we are trying to rob them. They're
mad— utterly mad."
"I never saw anything Ilka it colonel.
Are you sure you can meet all tha de
mands?" asked Brewster. thoroughly ex
cited. Tha colonel's face was white and
he chewed his cigar nervously.
"We can win out unless some of our
heaviest depositors get the fever and
ewoop down upon us. I appreciate your
feelings In an affair of this kind, coming
eo swiftly upon the heels of the other, but
I want to give you my personal assurance
that the money you have here Is safe. I
called you in to Impress you with the se
curity of the bank. You ought to know
the truth, however, and I will tell you in
confidence that another check like Aus
tin's, which we paid a few minutes ago,
would cause us serious, though tempo
rary, embarrassment"
"I came to assure you that I hava not
thought of withdrawing my deposits from
this bank, coloneL You need have no un
easiness—"
The door opened suddenly and one of
the officials of tha bank bolted inside, his
face as white as death. He started to
epeak before he saw Brewster, and then
closed his Hps despairingly.
"What is it, Mr. Moore?" asked Drew,
as calmly as possible. "Don't mind Mr.
Brewster."
"Oglethorp wants to draw two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars," said Moore
in strained tones.
"Well, he can have it can't he?" asked
the colonel quietly. Moore looked help
lessly at the president of tha bank, and
his silence spoke more plainly than words.
"Brewster, it looks bad," said the colo
nel, turning abruptly to the young man.
"The other banks are afraid of a run and
we can't count on much help from them.
Some of them have helped us and others
have refused. Now I not only ask you to
refrain from drawing out your deposit,
but I want you to help us in this crucial
moment." The colonel looked twenty
years older and his voice shook percepti
bly. Brewster's pity went out to him in
a flash.
"What can I do. Colonel Drew?" he
cried. "I'll not take my money out but I
don't know how I can be of further assist,
ance to you. Command me. sir."
"You can restore absolute confidence,
Monty, my dear boy. by increasing your
deposits in our bank." said tha colonel
slowly and as If dreading the fate of the
suggestion.
"You mean, sir, that I can sava tha
bank by drawing my money from other
tanks and putting it here?" asked Monty,
slowly. He was thinking harder and
faster than he had ever thought in his
life. Could be afford to risk the loss of
his entire fortune on the fate of this
bank? What would Swearengen Jones say
if he deliberately deposited a vast amount
of money in a tottering institution like
the Bank of Manhattan Island? It would
ba tha maddest folly on his part If tho
back went down. There could ba no miti
gating circumstances in the eyes of
either Jones or the world If be swamped
all of his money In this crisis.
"I beg of you, Monty, help us." The
colonel's pride 'was gone. "It means dis
grace if we close our doors even for an
hour; It means a stain that only years
can remove. You can restore confidence
by a dozen strokes of your pen and you
can save us."
Ha was Barbara's father. The proud
old man was before him as a suppliant
no longer the cold man of the world.
Back to Bra water's mind came the
thought of his quarrel with Barbara and
of her fceartlessness. A scratch of the
pen, one way or the other, could change
the life of Barbara Drew. The two bank,
ers stood fiercely breathing. From
outside came tha shuffle of many feet
and tha muffled roll of voices. Again
the door of the private office
opened and a clerk excitedly motioned
for Mr. Moore to hurry to tha front of
tha bank. Moore paused Irresolutely, his
•yes on Brewster's face. The young man
knew tha time had come when he must
help or deny them.
Like a flash the situation was made
clear to him and his duty was plain. He
remembered that tha Bank of Manhattan
Island held every dollar that Mrs. Gray
and 'Peggy possessed; their meager for
tune had been entrusted to the care of
Prentlss Drew and his associates, and
It was In danger.
"I will do all I can, colonel," said Mon
ty, "but upon one condition."
"That Is?"
"Barbara must never know of this."
The colonel's gasp of astonishment was
cut short as Monty continued. "Promise
that she shall never know."
"I don't understand, but tf It is your
wish I promise."
Inside of half an hour's time several
hundred thousand came to the relief of
the struggling bank and tha man who
had come to watch tha run with curious
eyes turned out to be Its savior. His
money won the day for the Bank of Man
hattan Island. When the happy president
and directors offered to pay him an as
tonishingly high rate of Interest for the
use of the money he proudly* declined.
The next day Miss Drew issued Invita
tions for a cotillon. Mr. Montgomery
Brewster was not asked to attend.
XIV.
MRS. DB MILLE ENTERTAINS.
Miss Drew's cotillon was not graced by
the presence of Montgomery Brewster.
It Is true he received an eleventh-hour in
vitation and a very cold and difficult lit
tle note of apology, but he maintained
heroically the air of disdain that had suc
ceeded the first sharp pangs of disappoint
ment. Colonel Drew, In whose good
graces Monty had firmly established him
self, was not quite guiltless of usurping
the role of dictator In the effort to patch
up a truce. A few nights before the cotil*
Ion, when Barbara told him that Herbert
Ailing was to lead, he explosively ex
pressed surprise, "Why not Monty Brew
ster, Babs?" he demanded.
"Mr. Brewster is not coming," she re
sponded calmly.
"Going to be out of town?" »
"I'm 6ure I don't know," stiffly.
"What's this?"
"He has not been asked, father." Miss
Dtew was not in good humor.
"Not asked?" said the colonel in amaze
ment. "It's ridiculous, Babs; send him an
invitation at once."
"This Is my dance, father, and I don t
want to aak Mr. Brewster."
The colonel sank back in his chair and
struggled to overcome his anger. Ha
knew that Barbara had inherited his will
fulness and had long since discovered
that it was best to treat her with tact
"I thought you and he were—" but the
colonel's supply of tact was exhausted.
"We were"— In a moment 1 " of absent
mindedness. "But it's all over," said
Barbara.
"Why, child, there wouldn't have been
a cotillon If It hadn't been for—" but the
colonel remembered his promise to Mon
ty and checked himself Just In time. "I—
I mean there will not ba any party if
Montgomery Brewster is not asked. That
i» all I care -to say on the subject," and
he stamped out of the room.
Barbara wept copiously after her father
had gone, but she realized that his will
was law and that Monty must ba Invited.
"I will send an invitation." she said to
herself, "but if Mr. Brewster comes after
he has read It I shall be surprised."
Montgomery, however, did not receive
the note in the spirit in which it had
been sent. He only saw in it a ray or
hope that Barbara was relenting and was
Jubilant at the prospect of a reconcilia
tion. The next 8unday he sought an in
terview with Miss Drew, but she received »
him with Icy reserve. If he had thought
to punish her by staying away it was evi
dent that she felt equally responsible for
a great deal of misery on his part Both
had been more or less unhappy, and both
were/ resentfully obstinate. Brewster felt
hurt/ and Insulted, while she felt that
he *ad imposed upon her disgracefully.
He was now ready to cry quits and it
surprised him to find her obdurate. If he
had expected to dictate the terms of peace
he was woefully disappointed when she
treated his advances with cool contempt.
"Barbara, you know I care very much
for you," he was pleading, fairly on the
road to submission. "I am sure you are
not quite indifferent to me. This foolish
misunderstanding must really be as dis
agreeable to you as it Is to me." „
"Indeed," she replied, llfjjpg her brows
disdainfully. "You ara assuming a good
deal, Mr. Brewster."
"I am merely recalling the fact that
you once told me you cared. You would
not promise anything. I know, but it
meant much that you cared. A little dif
ference could not have changed your
feeling completely."
"When you are ready to treat me with
respect I may listen to your petition,"
she said, rising haughtily.
"My petition?" He did not Ilka tha
word and his tact quite deserted him.
"It's as much yours as mine. Don't throw
the burden of responsibility on me. Miss
Drew."
"Have I suggested going back to the
old relations? You will pardon ma If I
remind you of the fact that you came to
day on your own initiative and certainly
without my solicitation."
"Now. look here, Barbara—" he began,
dimly realizing, that it was going to be
hard, very hard, to bring Her to reason.
"I am- very sorry, Mr. Brewster, but
you will have to excuse me. I am going
out."
"I regret exceedingly that I should have
disturbed you to-day. Miss Drew," he
said, swallowing his pride. "Perhaps I
may have the pleasure of seeing you
again."
As he was leaving the house, deep an
ger in his soul, he encountered the colo
nel. There was something about Monty's
greeting, cordial as It was, that gave the
older man a hint as to the situation.
"Won't you stop for dinner, Monty?" he
asked In the hope that his suspicion was
groundless.
"Thank you. colonel, not to-night" and
he was off before the colonel could hold
him.
Barbara was tearfully angry when her
father came Into the room, but as he be
gan to remonstrate with her the tears
disappeared and left her at white heat
"Frankly, father, you don't understand
matters," she said with slow emphasis;
"I wish you to know now that if Mont
gomery Brewster calls again I shall not
sea him."
"If that is your point of view, Barbara,
I wish you to know mine." The colonel
rose and stood over her, everything for
gotten but the rage tnat went so deep
that It left the surface calm. Throwing
aelde his promise to Brewster, he told
Barbara with dramatic simplicity the
story of the rescue of the bank. "You
see," he added, "If it had not been for
that open-hearted boy wa would now be
ruined. Instead of giving cotillions you
might be giving music lessons. Montgom
ery Brewster will always be welcome in
this house and you will see that my
wishes are respected. Do you under
stand?"
"Perfectly." Barbara answered in a
still voice. "As your friend I shall try to
ba civil to him." ,
The colonel was not satisfied with so
cold-blooded an acquiescence, but he
wisely retired from the field. He left the
girl silent and crushed, but with a gleam
In her eyes that was not altogether to be
concealed. The story had touched her .
more deeply than she would willingly con.
fess. It was something to know that
Monty Brewster could do a thing like
that and would do It for her. The exult
ant smile which it brought to her lips
could only be made to disappear by re
minding herself sharply of his recent ar
rogance. Her anger, she found, was a
plant which needed careful cultivation.
It was in a somewhat chastened mood
that she started a few days later for a
dinner at the DeMIlles'. As she entered
In her sweeping golden gown the sight of
Monty Brewster at the* other end of the
room gave her a flutter at the heart But
It was an agitation that was very care
fully concealed. Brewster was certainly
unconscious of It To him the position
of guest was Uke a disguise and he
¦was pleased at the prospect of letting
himself go under the mask without re
sponsibility. But It took on a different
color when the butler handed him a card
which signified that he was to take Miss
Drew In to dinner. Hastily seeking out
the hostess he endeavored to convey to
her the Impossibility of the situation.
"I hope you won't misunderstand nu,"
he eald. "But Is it too late to change my
place at the table?"
"It i«n't conventional, I know, Monty.
Society's chief aim Is to separate engaged
couples at dinner," said Mrs. Dan with
a laugh. "It would be positively com
promising if a man and' his wife sat to
rether."
Dlnner was announced before Monty
could utter another word, and as she led
him over to Barbara she said,. "Behold a
generous hostess who gives up the best
man in the crowd so that he and some
one else may have a happy time, I leave
it to you, Barbara, if that isn't tha teit
of friendship."
• For a moment the two riveted their,
eyes on the floor. Then the humor of tha
situation came to Monty.
"I did not know that we were sup
posed to do Gibson tableaux to-night,"
he said dryly as he proffered his arm.
"I ' don't ¦ understand," .and Barbara's
curiosity overcame her determination not
to speak. *
"Don't you remember the picture of the
man who was 'called upon to take his lata
fiancee out to dinner?". ¦
Tha awful silence with which this re
mark was received put an end to further
efforts at humor.
- The- dinner was probably the most pain
ful experience In their lives. Barbara
had come to it softened and ready to
meet him half way. Tha right kind of
humility in Monty would have found her
plastic. But she had -very definite and
rigid Ideas of his duty In the premises.
And Monty was j too simple minded to
seem to suffer and much too flippant to
understand. It was plain- to each that
the other did not expect to talk, but they
both realized .that they owed a duty to
appearances and to their , hostess.
Through two courses, at least, there was
dead. silence between them. It seemed as
though 1 every eye in the room ..were ; on
them and every mind were speculating.
At last in sheer desperation, Barbara
turned to him with the first smile ha had
seen on her face In days. There was no
smile in her eyes, ¦ however, and Monty
understood.
"We might at least give out. tha im
pression that we ara friends," ehe said
quietly.
"More easily said than done," he re
sponded gloomily.
"They are all looking at us and won
dering."
"I don't blame them."
"We owa something to Mrs. Dan, X
think."
"I know." • Q !
Barbara uttered some Inanity whenever
she caught any one looking in their direc
tion, but Brewster seemed not to hear.
At length: he cut short some remark of
hers about the weather.'
"What nonsense Jhis is, Barbara," he
said. "With any one else I would chuck
the whole game, but with you It is dif
ferent I don't know what I have done,
but I am sorry. I hope you'll for
give me."
"Your assurance is amusing, to say the
least"
"But I am sura. I know this quarrel is
something we'll laugh over. You keep
forgetting that we are going to ba mar
ried some day." '- ,
A new light came Into Barbara's eyes.
"You forget that my consent may be
necessary." she said.
"You will ba perfectly willing when the
time comes. I am still in tha fight and
eventually y6o will come to my way of
thinking.".
"Oh! I see It. now." said i Barbara, and
her blood 'was up.- "You mean to force
me to It What you did for father "'
Brewster glowered at her, thinking that
he had misunderstood. "What do you
mean?" he said.
"He has told me all about that wrtched
bank business.- But poor father thought
you quite, disinterested. He did not see
the little game behind-- your melodrama-
He would have torn up your check on
the Instant If he had suspected. you were
trying to buy his daughter." .... .. . ,
"Does your father believe that?" asked
Brewster. ¦ „* -~'* ¦&.'"' " ~^5
"No, but I see It all now. His per
sistence and yours-^you were not slow"
to grasp the opportunity offered."
"Stop, Miss Drew," Mont commanded.
His voice had. changed anoV she' had never ..
before seen that look In his eyes. "You
need haVe no fear that I will trouble you
again."
XV. /
THE CUT DIRECT.
A typographical error In one of the
papers caused no end or amusement to
every one except Monty and Miss Drew.
The headlines had announced: "Magnifi
cent ball to be given Miss Drew by her
finance," and the Sons of the
Rich" wondered why . Monty did not see
the humor of It
"He has too bad an attack to see any
thing but the lady.", said Harrison one
evening when the "Sons" were gathered
for an old-time supper party.
"It's always the way," commented the
philosophical Bragdon. "When you lose
your heart your sense of humor goes
too. Engaged couples couldn't do such
ridiculous stunts if they had the least
particle of it left."
"Well, If Monty Brewster is still (n
love with Miss Drew he takes a mighty
poor way of showing it" "Subway"
Smith's remark fell like a bombshell.
The thought had come to every one, but
no one had been given 'the courage to
utter it. For them Brewster's silence on
the subject since the D 8 Mllle dinner
seemed to have something ominous be
hind it. %
"It's probably only a lovers* quarrel,"
said Bragdon. But further comment was
cut short by the entrance of Monty him
self, and they took their places at table.
Before the evening came to an end
they were In possession of rarfhy aston
ishing details In connection with the com
ing ball. Monty did not say that.it was
to be given for Miss Drew and her name
was conspicuously absent from his de
scriptions. As he unfolded his plans even
the "Little Sons," who were Imaginative
by Instinct and reckless on principle; could
not be quite acquiescent.
"Nopper" Harrison solemnly expressed
the opinion that the ball would cost
Brewster, at least $125,000. The *;Little /
Sons" looked at one another in conster
nation, while Brewster's Indifference ex
pressed .Itself In an unflattering comment
upon his friend's vulgarity. "Good Lord.
Nopper," he added, "you would speculate
about the price of gloves for your wed
ding." ? X
Harrison resented the taunt "It would
be much less vulgar to do that, Monty,
saving your presence, than to force your
millions down every one's throat."
"Well, they swallow them. I've noticed,"
retorted Brewster, "as though they were
chocolates."
Pettingill Interrupted grandiloquently.
"My friends and gentlemen!"
"Which Is rrhlch?" asked Van Winkle,
casually.
But the artist was In the saddle. "Per
mit me to present you to the boy Croesus
—the only one extant. His marbles are
plunks and his kites ' are made of flfty
dollar notes. He feeds upon coupons a
la Newburgh. and his champagne is -liq
uid" golden eagles. Look at him, gentle
men, while you can, and watch him while
he spends thirteen thousand dollars for
flowers!" • . .
"With a Viennese orchestra for twenty
nine thousand!" added Bragdon. "And
yet they maintain that silence is golden."
"And three singers to divide twelve
thousand among themselves! That's ab-
eolutely criminal," cried Van Winkla.
"Over In Germany they'd sing a month
for half that amount"
"Six hundred guests to feed— total cost
of not less than forty thousand dollars,"
groaned "Nopper," dolefully. 5
"And there aren't six hundred In town,"
lamented "Subway" Smith. ' "All that
glory wasted on two hundred rank'out
elders."
"You men are borrowing- a. lot of trou
ble," yawned Brewster with a gallant ef
fort to seem bored. "All I ask of you
Is to come to the party and put up a
good imitation of having the time of your
life. Between you and me, I'd rather ba
caught at Huyler's drinking icecream soda
than giving this thing.,- But "
"That's what we .want :to know, but
what?" and "Subway" leaned forward
eagerly. • ,^ ¦« ' -
"But," continued Montr. "I am In for
it now, anu It la going to ba a ball that
is a ball." , •
Nevertheless the optimistlo Brewster
could not" find the courage to tell Peggy
of these picturesque extravagances. To
satisfy her curiosity he blandly Informed
her that he was Retting off much more
cheaply than he had expected. He laugh
ingly denounced as untrue the stories that
had come to her from outside sources.
And before his convincing assertions that
reports were ridiculously exaggerated tha
troubled expression in the girl's eyes dis
appeared. * ..
"I must seem a fool," groaned Monty,
as ha left the house after on* of
these explanatory trials, "but what
will 'she think of , me toward
tha end of the year when X am -really
In harness." Ha found It hard to con
trol the desire to be straight with Peggy
and. tell her the story of hit mad race
In pursuit of poverty. *
Preparations for tha ball went on stead
ily, and in a dull winter It had Its color
value fop. society. It was to be a Span
ish costume ball, and at many tea tables
the talk' of It was a godsend. Sarcastio
as it frequently was on the question of
Monty's extravagance, there was a splen
dor-about the Aladdln-Uke entertainment
which had a. . charm. Beneath the out
ward disapproval there was a secret' ad
miration of the superb nerve of the man/
And there was little reluctance to help
him In the wild • career he had chosen.
It was so easy to go with j him to tha
edge of tha precipice and let him take
the plunge alone. Only the echo of the
criticism reached Brewster, for he had
silenced Harrison with work and Pettln
glll with opportunities. It troubled him
little, as ha was engaged In Jotting down
items that swelled the profit side of his
ledger account enormously. The ball was
bound to give him a good lead In the
race once more, despite the heavy handi
cap tha Stock Exchange had imposed.
The "Little Sons" took off their coats
and helped Pettingill In the work of prep
aration. He found them quite superflu
ous, for their ideas never % agreed and
each man had a way of preferring his
own suggestion. To Brewster's chagrin
they were united in the effort to curb
his extravagance.
"He'll be giving automobiles and ropes
of pearls for favors If we don't stop him,"
said "Subway" Smith, after Monty had
ordered a vintage champagne to be served
during the entire evening. "Give them
two glasses first. If you like, and then
they won't mind If they have cider j the
rest of the night."
"Monty Is plain dotty," chimed In Brag
don, "and the pace Is beginning to tell
on him."
As a matter of fact tha pace was be
ginning to tell on Brew»ter. Work and
worry were plainly an effect on
his. health. His color was bad, his eyes
were losing their luster and there was
a llstlessness in .his actions that even
¦determined effort could not conceal from
'his friends. Little fits of fever annoyed
him occasionally and * he admitted that
he did not feel quite right
"Something Is wrong somewhere," he
said, ruefully, ."and my whole system
seems ready to stop work through sym-
had thought to come back to life. Tha
burden of .it all seemed heavy. Tho
trained nurses found that some more pow
erful stimulant than the medlcino was
needed to awaken his ambition, and they
discovered It at last 'In Peggy
"Child;", he said to her the first time
she was permitted to bm him, and his
eyes had lights In them; "do you know,
this Isn't such a bod old world after ull.
Sometimes as I've lali. her*. It has looked
twisted and queer. But there are things
that straighten It out To-day I feel as
though 1 had a place in it— as though I
could fight things and win out. What do
you think, Peggy? Do you suppose there
is something that I could do? You know
what I mean— something that some one
else would not do a thousand times bet
ter."
But Peggy, to whom this chastenod
mood in Monty was infinitely pathetic,
would not let him talk. She soothed him
and cheered him and touched his hair
with her cool hands. And then she left
him to think and brood and dream. !
It was ' many days before his turbulent
mind drifted to the subject of money, but
suddenly he found himself hoping that
the surgeons would be generous wiui
their charges. He almost suffered a re
lapse when Lotless, visibly distressed,
informed him that the total amount
would reach $3000.
"And what Is tha additional eharge for
the operation?" asked Monty, unwilling
to accept such unwarranted favors.
"It's Included in the $3000," said Lotless.
"They knew you were my friend and It
was professional etiquette to help keep
down expenses." £i ¦
Fox days Brewster remained at Mrs.
Gray's, happy in its reatfulness, serene
vnder the charm Of Peggy's j pres
ence, and satisfied to be hope
lessly behind in his dally expense account.
Tha interest shown'by the Inquiries at tha
house and the anxiety of his friends were
soothing to the profligate. It gave him
back a little of his lost self-respect The
doctors finally decided that he would best
recuperate in Florida, and advised a
month at least in. the warmth. Ha leased
at the proposition, but took the law Into
his own hands by ordering General Man
ager Harrison to rent a place, and insist
ing that he needed 'the companionship of
Peggy and Mrs. Gray.
"How soon can I get back to work, doc
tor?" demanded Monty, the day before
the special train was to carry him South.
He was beginning to see the dark side of
this enforced idleness. His blood again
was tingling with the desire to be back in
the harness of a spendthrift.
"To work?" laughed the physician.
"And what is your occupation, pray?"
"Making other people rich," responded
Brewster, soberly. »
"Well, aren't you satisfied with what
you have dona for me? If you are as
charitable as that you must be still pretty
sick. But be careful, and you may be on
your feet again in five or six weeks."
Harrison came in as Lotless left Peggy
smiled at him from the window. She ha*
been reading aloud from a novel so gar
rulous that it fairly cried aloud for inter
ruptions.
"Now, Nopper, what became of the
ball I was going to giver* demanded
Monty, a troubled look in his eyes.
"Why, we called it off," said "Nopptr,"
In surprise.
"Don't you remember, Monty?" asked
Peggy, looking up quickly, and wondering
if his mind had gone trailing off.
I know we didn't give it. of course;
but what date did you hit upon?"
"We didn't postpone it at all," . said
"Nopper." "How could we? We didn't
know whether— I mean, It wouldn't have
been quite right to>do that sort of thing."
"I understand. Well, what has become
of tha orchestra, and the flowers, and all
that7" \
"The orchestra Is gallivanting around
the country, quarreling with itself and
everybody else, and driving poor Gardner
to the Insane asylum. Tho flowers have
lost their bloom long ago."
"Well, we'll get together, Nopper, and
patny. . .
Suddenly there was a mighty check to
the preparations. Two days before the
date set for the ball everything came to
a standstill and the managers sank back
In perplexity and consternation. Monty
Brewster was critically ill.
Appendicitis, the doctors called it, and
an operation was -imperative.
"Thank heaven, it's fashionable,"
laughed Monty, who "showed no fear of
: the prospect. "How ridiculous If it had
been the mumps, or if the newspapers had
said, 'On account of the whooping cough,
Mr. Brewster did not attend his ball.' "
"You don't mean - to say— the ball Is
off, of course," and Harrison was really
alarmed.
"Not a bit of It, Nopper," said Monty.
"It's what I've been wanting all along.
You chars do the handshaking and I
stay at home."
There was i».n Immediate council of war
when this ptece of news was announced,
and the "Little Sons" . were unanimous
In favor of recalling the invitations and
declaring the party off. At first Monty
was obdurate, but when some one sug
gested that he could give the ball later
on, after he was well, he relented. The
opportunity to double the cost by giving
two parties was not to be ignored.
"Call it off. then, but say that It is
only postponed."
A great rushing to and fro resulted in
the canceling of contracts, the recalling
of invitations, the settling of accounts,
with the most loval effort' to save as
much as possible from the wreckage.
Harrison and his associates, almost fran
.tlc with fear for Brewster's life, man*)
aged to perform wonders In the few
hours of grace. Gardner with rare fore
sight saw that the Viennese orchestra'
would prove a dead loss. He suggested
the possibility of a concert tour through
'the country, covering several weeks, and:
Monty, too Ul to care one way or the
other, authorized him to carry out the
plan If It neemed feasible.
To Monty, fearless and less disturbed
than any other member of his circle,
appendicitis seemed as Inevitable as vac
cination.
"The appendix Is becoming an impor
tant feature In the Book of Life," he once
told Pepgry Gray. :
He refused to go to a hospital, but pa
thetically begged to be taken to his old'
.rooms at Mrs. Gray's. . •>
With all the unhappy loneliness of ft
sick boy, he craved the care and : com
panionship of those who seemed a part
of his own. Dr. Lotless had them trans
form a smail bedchamber Into a
model operating room and Monty took
no small satisfaction In the thought that
if he was to be denied, the privilege of
spending money for several weeks, he
would at least make his Illness as ex
. pensive as possible. A consultation of
eminent surgeons was called, but true to
his colors, Brewster installed Dr. Lotless,
a "Little Son," as his house Burgeon.
Monty grimly bore the pain and . suffer
ing and submitted to the operation; which
alone' could save his life. Then came* the
struggle, then the promise of victory and
then the quiet days of convalescence. In
tha little room where he had dreamed
his boyish dreams and suffered, his boy
ish . sorrows, he struggled : against death
and gradually emerged from the mists of
lassitude. He , found It harder than he
try to have tha ball at mid-Lent. I think
I'll be well by that time."
Peggy looked appealingly at Harrison
for guidance, but to him silence seemed
the better part of valor, and ha went off
wondering if the illness bad completely
carried away Monty's reason, v -"--"¦
IN THE SUNNY SOUTH.
It was the cottage of a New York mil
lionaire which had fallen to Brewster.
The owner had, for the time, preferred
Italy to St. Augustine, and left his estate,
which was well located and lavishly
equipped, in the hands of his friends.
Brewster's lease covered three months, at
a fabulous rate per month. With Joe
Bragdon installed as manager in chief,
his establishment was transferred bodily
from New York and the rooms were soon
as comfortable as their grandeur would
permit. Brewster was not allowed to
take advantage of his horses and the new
automobile which preceded , him from
New York, but to his guests they offered
unlimited opportunities. "Nopper" Har
rison had remained in the north to re
new his arrangements for the now hated
ball and to look after the advance details
of the yacht cruise. Dr. Lotless
and his sister, with "Subway" Smith
and the Grays, made up Brewster's
party. Lotless- dampened Monty's
spirits by relentlessly putting him
on 4 rigid diet. with most dis
couraging restrictions upon his conduct.
The period of convalescence was to be an
exceedingly trying one for the invalid.
At first he was kept indoors, 1 and the
hours " were whlled away by playing cards.
BuOMonty considered "bridge" the "pons
aslnorum," and preferred to play piquet
with Peggy. It was one of these games
that the girl interrupted with the ques
tion that had troubled her for many days.
"Monty," she said, and she found it much
more difficult then when she had rehears
ed the scene in the silence of her walks;
"I've heard a rumor that Miss Drew and
her mother have taken rooms at the ho
tel. Wouldn't It be pleasanter to have
them here?" .
A heavy gloom settled upon Brewster's
face, and the girl's heart dropped like
lead. She had puzzled over the estrange
ment, and wondered If by any effort of
her own things could be set right. At
times she had had flashing hopes that it
did not mean as much to Monty as she
had thought. But down underneath, the
fear that he was unhappy seemed .the
only certain thing in life. She felt that
she musymake sure. And together with
the verywiuman desire to know the worst,
was the puritanical impulse to bring it
about. .
"You forget that this Is the last place
they would care to Invade." And In
Brewster's face Peggy seemed to read
that for her martyrdom was the only
wear. Bravely she put it on.
» "Monty, I forget nothing that I really
know. But this Is a case In which you
are quite wrong. Where Is your sporting
blood? You -have never f ought a losing
fight before, and you can't do it now. You
have lost you nerve, Monty. Don't you
see that this is the time for an aggressive
campaign?" ; Somehow she was not say
ing things at all as she planned to say
them. And his gloom weighed heavily
upon her. "You don't mind, do you.
Monty?" sha added more softly, "this
sort of thing from me? I know I ought
not. to Interfere, but I've known you so
long. And I hate to see things twisted
hy a very little mistake."
But Monty did mind enormously. He
had no desire to talk about tha thing; any
- way, and Peggy's anxiety to marry him
off seemed a bit unnecessary. Manifestly
her own interest In him was of tha cold*
est. From out of the gloom he looked at
her somewhat sullenly. For the moment
she was thinking only of his pain, and
her faca said nothing.
"Peggy," ha exclaimed, finally, re
senting the necessity ' of answering
her, ' "you don't In the least know
what you are talking about. It
is not a fit of anger on Barbara Drew's
part, -It is a serious conviction.'*
"A conviction which can be changed,"
the girl broke in.
"Not at all.** Brnrster took It up.
"She has no faith in me. She thinks I'm
an ass."
"Perhaps she's right." she .exclaimed, a
little hot. "Perhaps you have never dis
covered that gfrls say many things to
hide their emotions. Perhaps you don't
realize what feverish, exclamatory, fool
ish things girls are. They don't know how
to b* honest with the men they love, and
they wouldn't If they did. You are little
short of an Idiot, Monty Brewster, If you
believed the things' she said rather than
the things she looked."
And Peggy, fiery and determined and
defiantly unhappy, threw down her cards
and escaped so that she might not prove
herself tearfully feminine. She left
Brewster still heavily enveloped In mel
ancholy; but she left him puzzled. He
began to wonder if Barbara Drew did
have something in the back of her mind.
Then he found his thoughts wandering
off toward Peggy ,and her defiance. He
had only twice before seen her in that
mood, and he liked It He remembered
how Bha had lost her temper ones whoa
ishe was 15, and hated a girl he admired.
Suddenly he laughed aloud at the
thought of the fierce little picture she
had made, and the gloom, which had been
so sedulously cultivated, was dissipated
in a moment. The laugh surprised the
man who brought in some letters. One
of them was from "Nopper" Harrison,
and gave him all the private news. Tha
ball was to be given* at mid-Lent, which
arrived toward the end of March, and
negotiations were well under way for tha
chartering of tha Flitter, tha steam
yacht belonging to Reginald Brown, late
of Brown & Brown.
The letter made Brewater chafe under
the bonds of inaction. His affairs were
getting into a discouraging state. Tha
illness was certain to ' entail a loss of
more than $50,000 to his business. His
only consolation came through . Hani
son's synopsis of the reports from.Gard
ner, who was managing the brief Ameri
can tour of the Viennese orchestra.
(Continued next Sunday.)
3
All Men
jidmiro Women
With a Xovcij/
&orm.
Not You Be Admired?
Corsets
for the exacting,
Uhin SPeopie 7/fade
3* at and 3*at !Peo~
vie 7/fade Uhin by
wearing theae:
NEMO JO 7R
Self-Reducing COSSET^ 11 "
VAN ORDEN LA GRECQUE
Stout figures are lengthened
into shapeliness, slender fig-
ures gain an added round-
ness by wearing these.
$1.50, $2.75, $3.50
JOE ROSENBERG
THE HOME OF £000 CQBSETS.
816 Market St.
And II OTarrell St.They had nearly gained the summit of
the hill, when an attendant In white coat
came running towards them.
"Pardon me. doctor," he said, address-
Ing Barbara'* companion, rtut they've
"And now. Princess Louise," the
young man was saying, "I think we'd
better seek the banquet hall."
He rose and slipped the tablet and pen
cil Into his pocket.
"I'm— it's very ' comfortable here." she
said, and then as a forlorn hope she
added, "but don't let me detain you."
"But really, I insist," he said with
well-bred firmness, v .;
Barbara dared no. longer . hesitate
"Henry Fourth" assisted her 'to' her feeti
and as she gained them he slipped her
arm through his own. Bhe felt his arm
pinning hers firmly against his side and
realized that opposition was useless. To
gether they started through the grove,
and Barbara was surprl&ed to find they
took the path leading to. the sanitarium.
They gained the grounds and started up
the hill toward the buildings. "Henry
Fourth 1 ' meantime conversing pleasantly,
and Barbara answering him as best she
could. She breathed more freely now, for
she was sure they would soon encounter
an attendant, who would relieve her of
her dangerous escort. ' . .
"June 14. Tucker's Grove. Eyes unus
ually dilated. Conversation rational.
Pulse 83."
ness V he asked quite humbly.
"Oh, no— indeed not," she assured him,
at the same time extending her wrist to
him. He pulled out his watch and took
her wrist lightly In his hand. Presently
he dropped It and returned the watch
to his pocket. . x
"Ah,, thank nrou," he said as be drew
a tablet from 'his pocket and began writ-
Ing rapidly on one of the pages with a
pencil. He laid the tablet aside, and as
It lay on the ground near her, Barbara
read In the round, full hand on the page:
"Janet Tolman.
He seated himself with a ¦mile, which.
In a sane person, would have betokened
unlimited patience.
"And what Is Princess Louise doing thla
mdrning?" he asked.
"I'm— I was, reading a book on birds,
Mr. Henry Fourth," she said.
He glanced at v her quizzically. "Do
you mind If I feel your pulse, your high-
pin* tope She had Just opened the little
red volume when the crackling of a twig
warned her of some one's approach. She
looked up. Before her, hat In hand, stood
a handsome, well-groomed young man.
who regarded, her with a steadiness of
gase decidedly disconcerting. As she
looked up, he bowed gravely.
"Good morning, Princess Louise," he
raid in a cheerful voice. "Really delight
ful morning, isn't it?"
Barbara's mouth curved scornfully;
then all at once the truth flashed upon
her. This man before her was a strayed
Inmate of the Insane pavilion. Her eyes
opened wide In alarm, and made her
doubly charming— at least so thought the
young man with a keen sense of pity.
"Charming spot here," he went on
easily, "Let me congratulate you on
your choice."
Barbara's heart was beating wildly.
The man might be dangerous, ar.d she
was at his mercy. She remembered she
had heard— somewhere— it was best and
safest to humor lunatics. 80, smothering
a desire to •cream, she faced the intruder
with as . much composure as she could
summon.
"I should very much like to alt down
here with you," he was saying. "It Isn't
every one, you know, who Is favored
with a morning interview with Henry
Fourth."
VOh. yes," Barbara said breathlessly,
"do sit down. I shall be .very— glad to
have you sit down with me. Indeed, I'm
awfully— awfully pleased to have you sit
down."
Bhe ran lightly into the house and pres
ently reappeared with a parasol and a
email red volume. Accoutered thus, she
started down the road, followed by her
asnft admonition to ba back to dinner
at soon and to remember not to cross
Johnson's pasture, where rattlesnakes had
been M*n recently. ; (•}:;
Barbara went briskly toward the woods
with a feeling that on such a day It was
Indeed good to be alive. Well down the
road ehe passed the great arched gate
way* of the sanitarium, and looking up
the steep driveway, she could see the
buildings perched on the hllL She had
not been down this road for ten years,
but she suddenly remembered, with a
little thrill of pity for its Inmates, that
the red brick building on the extreme left
was the Insane pavilion.
She took the little footpath which led
across the lower end of the sanitarium
grounds and into the pine woods. She
found a place where giant pines towered
many feet skyward and the ground was
covered thickly with pine needles. Here
•he eat down and listened for a time to
the tinkle of a tiny brook hard by and
the sighing of the breeze through the
{Copyright, 1933. by T. C. MoOure.)
ARBARA stood at the
l5"jjS5i5£|Vf B gate drinking In the
kQiri^f*^#V-fr moun taln air, which
N> t j —^V^^B was llke * <lraught of
Kg^^^W>T| wine to her. Th© Bun,
Jjjll \&j&Jf]r fe har -Slag Just above the
fffi»i-"~«ggyfl crest of Bald Hill, had
— ** s^^HBH lifted the early morn
lac fog and set the dew-covered spider
webo on the grass shimmering; like so
many clusters of crystals. Adown the
road linnets and thrushes were chirping
merrily in the woods, and occasionally
th* breeze wafted the scent of pines to
b«r. The woods were calling her; she
would not disregard such an Invitation.
He grew more purple still when Field
ing quietly entered the car with them.
Then he snapped angrily at the elevator
boy:
"Why are we stopping before thla
blank wall, you young procrastinator?
Do you think thla sort of thins; U enjoy
able?" - . ' . . *..**?
But the boy, a lad of sixteen, "newly on
duty, went white with terror.
"Somethln's wrong up above." he stam
mered. "Josh.* he's been drlnkln.' I
knowed. though I never told. Bomethin's
wrong, and the brake ain't holdin' right
But even the choice of a scarf cannot
last forever. It was prematurely ended
by the return of the magnate, who turn
ed as purple as the Persian silks before
him when he beheld the pretty tableau.
Hence he did not see Fielding step from
the elevator in the next moment He was
not aware that two heads were bending
together over the scarf, on which neither
of the young people saw aught of the
colors.
This last as they stepped from the car.
Mr. Bradford was secretly afraid of the
majestic females that swept to and fro
on thla special floor, their demi-tralns
gliding noiselessly over the deep car
pets, their eyes fronting his with an In
solent scorn that quite abashed him. ty
rant as he was apt to be at home.
"Mere man," they seemed to be whis
pering among themselves. Finally the
banker solaced hlmseli'by going to a win
dow and looking out on the street.
as it rose to the fourth floor.
"Of course I'm not," said Sarah resent
fully. Then she added artfully. "You
talk about Inventing as though it was
like— well, like drinking."
"It is as bad as drinking," said her
father solemnly, "or as the cocaine or
the poetry habit. Any one of these will
ruin a man's career. Now, Sarah, don't
be all day choosing that scarf for your
mother."
"Inventing," he said very seriously. "Is
not so bad a habit as I thought. In fact,
I may say that both poetry and cocain*
are infinitely worse. Come to see US
when you please,**
As to the banker, he spake but littl«
until Fielding had landed father and
daughter at their brownstone front.
Then he held out his hand.
Aye-lf! How large a word! As the
cage shot downward at fearful speed.
very slightly broken by tfie yleldlhy
ropes, the banker found a whole century #
of thought compressed Into that brief
period. A voice cried in his ear that it
was a Judgment on him, the cushion
would not be there, that the cage woujd
strike the ground with the sound so hap- ,
plly denominated by the newspapers as
a "sickening thud." He saw himself and
his child piled In a mangled heap— he to *
whom life had always seemed so sub
stantial and sure! KIR
Then half a doxen . women waiting ia
the basement saw the f ailing cage shoot,
downward and rise again like a rubier
ball. When It came down the second
time it rested quiverlngly on the springs
while inside waa an undignified mass.
which presently astonished the watchars
and the component parts of the heap fey
resolving Into four badly shaken but
quite undamaged people. <t
The elevator boy staggered out first.
"Gee," he stammered, holding his head.
"If I don't get even wld Josh for dat. I
never thought we'd stop this side of
Chlny!'* .
Fielding followed, half carrying Sarah,
who clung to him with a delicious aban
don which made him wish such accidents
might be frequent.
—it's ellppln." he ended, la a shrill 7«8»
"Three floor* to fall," thought Flelfl
lng, as he seized the half-fainting girl in
his arms. Aloud he cried cheerily. "Don't
be frightened, any of you! My cuafeion
attachment was sold the firm Jast-week.
If it's on—" .
(Copyright, 1908, by T. C. McClure,)
BBapMngpBfl F there Isn't that
puppy, Fielding, again,"
vnVjlii*vw?ir g fowlcd h , er * atner ln
jfo^jjjH Sl^y a low tone. "Turn
'/^P^H'^vy' your, eyes away, Sarah,
'S^rJBjiiY^' 1 Miss Bradford com-
j** U plied by shooting to
ward Fielding one of those mysterious
side glances which enables a woman,
without turning her head, to compass
wonders of vision. Then she flushed
rosily. • .;!•¦.;;¦';> ¦';
"You are very hard on him," she
'breathed softly, careful, of the near-by
clerk at the glove counter In the big de
partment store. . ¦'•¦¦
"Hard nothing," grumbled Mr Bradford.
"If there's any Impractical animal on the
face of the globe It Is an Inventor. Take
that Infernally foolish scheme of his,- for
Instance— that spring .cushion he has In
vented to attach to 'the bottom .'of eleva
tors In case of a fall. Now, what do you
suppose the percentage . of accidents on
an elevator is?','
"How should I 'know?" retorted his
daughter with a superb feminine con
tempt (or statistics.
."Less than one In a million Journeys,"
said her father triumphantly, if not vera
clously. ¦ . '
"Just the same," returned his daughter
obstinately, "it must be very disagreeable
when that millionth accident does, hap
pen." . ; .'¦''.....¦,'. . ''
Her father walked stolidly toward the
machine In : question, Sarah trailing . obe
diently after : him. though ;". her thoughts
were otherwhere/ and her eyes now vainly
swept' the crowd for a glimpse of young
Fielding.
"I suppose you are not afraid to go up?"
jeered Mr. Bradford, as the two found
themselves the only occupants of the care
. — . — ...» •_ •• — m — „. .
MEETING OF ROYALTY.
By Sidney H. Cole.
By Carter Dufresne.
MILLIONTH CHANCE.
jtjsx got her." *
"Who?" said the". other quickly*,
"The Tolman women. Found" her In
the laundry," said the attendant. "Here
they come now," he added, pointing to
two men who led a struggling woman be
tween them.
"Good Lord," gasped the erstwhile
"Henry Fourth," "whom have I got
then?"
"Then— then you're not Insane?" said
Barbara, giggling hysterically with this
sudden removal of the tension.
"I wasn't an hour ago," he said, iud
blng his forehead In' bewildered fashion, g
"A woman named Tolman confined here
escaped, as we supposed, this morning,"
he explained. "You. are the Image of her,
which accounts for my actions In the
grove. Bhe thinks she's Princess Louise,
and everybody else is some other celeb
rity. Henry Fourth fell to my lot. I'm
particularly interested In the case, and be
cause I was wondering what effect the
quiet of the woods would have, I took
your pulse and made those notes in the
grove. It's a terribly absurd situation. I
don't know how to apologize to. you. I
presume you thought me Insane and tried
to humor me."
"Precisely," said Barbara, and they
both laughed heartily. •
"At least, let me get my automobile
and take you home,"-, he ¦ said. "I pre
sume you've - had quite enough of the
grove for one day." •: 2 ;
"Thank you," said Barbara. "but It's
only a step to where I am staying with
my aunt, Mrs. Durgin." '
'"Mrs. Durgin'a," said the doctor, "why,
X spend half my evenings there.!'
"Oh, then you must be Dr. Bennett, my
aunt's Idol," said Barbara, . -
"A fallen . Idol," I ; fear," h» returned,
"when she hears of my latest escapade."
Three months later they sat one even-
Ing before the fireplace at Mrs. Durgln's.
"Really, Barbara,* the doctor said, "I
demand an answer."
' Barbara lifted . her downcast , eye* and
flushed ' becomingly, -;^U4SBfiBR|8tt&P@£PH
"I - suppose I ; should junior you, as X
did once before, 'Henry Fourth,'" she
¦aid.
Tm utterly uncontrollable 'when
crossed," he laughed. .
•Then," sighed Barbara, "for the sake
of peace—" but at this point the sentence
was lnterruj^Ud.
'k 'f'- — V "fl YNTHIA sat before the
[U>(y^-^g^y H flickering , firelight In
the librar > r after Dlck
y§S&£"*Y%)H had gone, gazing rue-
W^F^^>tB fully at the rlnBless
r iJSlSa^^J'A'fa liand > which might
]&tj^2!^?jyjto have been dlamond-be
iHn?* ani * sie JffiSaB docked if she only could
have^- but, no! she couldn't. She liked
Dick; he was generous, good-looking and
danced so well. If he were only not so
tame. She had known, of course, that
ultimately his attentions would culminate
in a proposal, but she didn't think It
would come eo prematurely.*- i
It was so like Dick to call at such an
absurdly early hour and blurt it right
ouj without any preface, and then to
leave immediately without replying to her
kind, little offer of friendship. Dick had
no finesse. Still, she wasn't sure that she
liked a man with too much— like her Un
cle Henry, for Instance.
As if in obedience to her thoughts there
entered the room at this moment her un
cle; Henry Ormsby. a bachelor clubman of
some thirty and odd years.
"What, Cynthia! And no Dick?"
."Dick has come and gone."
"Dick usually comes and stays."
"I know it," she sighed, "but, you see
he came once too often."
1 "And that is why he did not stay?"
"Yes, and It's Just as well. Dicks are
sometimes tiresome."
"Not this Dick. . He's quite a favorite
with your Bex."
"Dick Is?" she asked with elevated
brows. "Oh, the girls like him because
he is agreeable, but none of them are
very enthusiastic over him."
"That,". replied her uncle, "Is because
they are used to him and have grown up
in the same town with him. Then you
know this is such an old-fashioned place
—all paired off in steadies. Dick has been
yours for* so longUhat none of your girl
friends would think of showing or receiv
ing attention from him, but let Dick be a
new man in a new place and he would be
the lion of the place."
"He's such a stay-at-home, he'll never
go anywhere," said Cynthia petulantly.
"I think he'll have to go soon, because
the Junior partner of the firm Dick Is con
nected with is quite a friend of mine and
he told me only this evening that Dick
was a very promising young business fel-
In two or three days Cynthia received a
Denver paper addressed to her In Dick's
handwriting. Under society notes she read
of a dinner dance. Dick's name was
among the list of guests. He had trans
gressed the United States postal rules by
Uncle Henry proceeded to expatiate on
Ellen Darnley's charms until Cynthia de
cided mentally that all men were bores.
As he was leaving he volunteered the in
formation that Ellen Darnley was to be
married in a couple of weeks." Then see
ing the little leap of relief In Cynthia's
countenance he offset It by the remark
that there would be "heaps of doings"
and Dick would be strictly In it.
"Yes. we will all miss him at the club."
"I suppose he will not be away long.
I think ho mentioned the date of his re
turn, but I don't recall It."
"Why, did he?" exclaimed her uncle,
in surprise. "Courtney told me his
length rf absence was very uncertain. 1
puve Dick a letter to the Darnleyj.
friends of mine. Ellen Darnley is quite
a society leader. I wrote her person
ally."
"By the way," she finally said, "I had
a note from Dick. He was Just off for
Denver."
He complied with her request as to the
call, but seemed In an uncommunicative
mood.
Again were Cynthia's feelings mingled
and conflicting. He had followed her
wishes and become her friend, but the
note was most unsatisfactory. He had
given her no Denver address nor any
idea of the length of his absence. How
ever, possibly she might be able to draw
that information from her uncle without
his suspecting.
Sho telephoned him the following day
and asked him to call that evening.
low, and he seriously contemplated send
ing him out on an Important deal for the
firm."
Thereupon Uncle Henry took his de
parture, leaving his young niece to her
meditations. »
The next morning her heart fluttered
for the first time at the sight of a note
in. Dick's chlrography. She read:
"Dear Cynthia: I find I have to leave
very unexpectedly for Denver on a busi
ness trip. Please accept my apologies
for my hasty speech and departure last
night. I fear I am not a good loser.
"Believe me always, as you wished,
"Your friend,
- -,-.¦ "DICK."
Two days later Dick was shown Into
the library where Cynthia was sitting
before the fire as he had seen her last.
.'"Why!" she exclaimed, "did you expect
to return so soon?"
"No!" he replied. "They telegraphed
me last night."
He forebore to say to whom ".they" re
ferred, "but Cynthia naturally" Inferred
that it was the firm. Later that even-
Ing Dick met "Uncle Henry" at the club.
"Say, Onnsby." he said Joyously, *3t's
all right." .
"Why. my dear boy, when you afe a«
old as I you will know that nothing suc
ceeds like success. I told you I'd fix It.**
"You got Courtney to send me to Den
ver!"
"And the letters and Ellen Darnley's
wedding did the rest. I saw ' the fruit
was ripe, and I telegraphed you to come" .
and pluck it."
"I know," he said sympathetically. "It
Is a bore to hear of people yon have
never met." and he discreetly turned the
conversation Into other channels.
writing his address on the margin.
In a day or two her uncle dropped in.
"I had a letter from Dick to-day." he
announced. "He was very modest and
only said how kind my friends were In
introducing and entertaining him- But I
received a letter from Ellen Darnley laud
ing him to the skies and saying thai had
she been heart whole and fancy free she
didn't know what might have happened."
He left Cynthia a prey to Jealousy, re
morse and regret. She wrote Dick that
night, telling him how glad she was to
hear he was having so gay a time and
how he must dread the thought of a re
turn home.
His reply was friendly, and gave de
tails of the good times he was having.
"To-morrow night," he concluded, "1»
Miss Darnley's wedding, at which I offi
ciate as one of the ushers. The brides
maid whom I am to fall In line with after
the ceremony has eyes like that picture
of Evangeline you are so fond of. I wish
you could see her!"
Cynthia threw the letter in the fire.
The next time Henry Ormsby called he
brought a paper from his pocket.
"I want to read to you about Ellen's
wedding," he said. "Dick is given spe
cial mei.tlon as a cultured young man
from tha East "
"I am sick of the sound of Ellen Darn
ley's name and Dick's, too," cried Cyn
thia, forgetting Uncle Henry's shrewd
ness*.
DICK'S PROMOTER.
By Belle Maniates.
"It's going— It's going to be the hardest
thing of my life." he replied, "but I've
got to do my sworn duty. I must do It or
"But father* even restored the money
after awhile— all but a paltry sum. He
would also have restored that, unjust as
it was, but he has been hounded and
driven till he has become desperate and
determined. Is this wretch to follow him
to his grave?"
Joe sat down on the ground and dropped
his chin on his hands and appeared to be
thinking. The girl had put the warrant
back into his hands, and there was a sob
In her throat as she turned and entered
the house. It was a quarter of an hour
before she reappeared.- Joe looked up
into her face with eyes telling of sympa
thy and love, and a blush came to her
cheek as she asked: >
"Well, what are you going to do about
it?"
"It was likely that way." nodded Joe.
An hour after receiving the letter he
was on his way to the Doctor's place. All
the way out there he was hoping that the
Doctor might have been given a hint and
fled, or if he had not, then that, he might
have indisputable evidence of his Inno
cence at hand. His face betrayed his per
turbation of mind to the girl the Instant
he dismounted at the door. She was
alone, and as she stood forth in the June
sunshine and looked up at him she quiet
ly said:
"Mr. Taylor, I know your errand here.
You have come to arrest my father on
the old charge."
"They— they have sent on this warrant!"
stammered Joe, as he handed it to her
to read, "but I'm hoping that your father
is far away by this time."
"He la down at the lake fishing. "We
had hoped that this matter was dead at
last, but it seems that the man desires a
malicious revenge. It says embezzlement."
Joe nodded his head as he looked away
over the prairie.
"But It is false. It was a partnership
business, and the other man was seeking
to. cheat father and fell Into his own
trap."
daughter. His offense had been com
mitted many years before, but the com
plainant had kept the warrant alive, and
followed the embezzler's trail, like a
bloodhound. The demand was that he be
arrested and securely held until extradi
tion papers could be secured, and as even
the locality In which he was In hiding
was pointed out, the Sheriff realized that
he must do his duty If It broke a woman's
heart.
provisions. He was called Doctor because
he was a doctor, though not seeking to
ply his art, and no one was able to say
Just how his title came to be known. His
next neighbor was a mile away, and
travelers who Hopped at his house for
a drink of water or to Inquire the way
were treated with scant courtesy. There
was considerable gossip about the
stranger, and many people shook their
heads and whispered that the officers of
the law would turn up in search of him
some fine day, but after awhile, as noth
ing was heard against him, he was putt
down as a recluse and left undisturbed. 1
It was a year or more after Dr. Davy's
appearance that he came to town one
evening to meet a young woman who
stepped off the train from the East. The
family resemblance was so marked that
It was agreed by all that the newcomer
was his daughter. She was hurried away
as if the father feared to let the towns
people get sight of her, but It had needed
only a glance to show that ehe was good
looking and about 20 years of age. Her
coming revived the gossip, but as she was
not seen in town during the next three
months she was In time forgotten by all
with one exception. That exception was
young Joe Taylor, who had been made
Sheriff of the county a year before, and
who was being talked of as a candidate
for the Legislature. He had only to ac
cept a nomination to be elected, as he
was a general favorite with all. -He made
it his business while scouting the coun
try for horse thieves to call at the Davy
cabin, and he was the first and about the
only one to see the daughter Mollle In her
own home, and to be hospitably received
by the father.
If he had any curiosity to gratify as
an officer of the law he was disappointed.
The Doctor was free to talk, but not
about himself nor his past. He was made
welcome by the daughter, but he could
not question her as a suspect.
' He called three or times "by acci
dent," but after that he was a weekly
visitor from choice and invitation. In
time he was quite ready to acknowledge
to himself that he was In love, and to
hope that his feelings were reciprocated.
He was feeding up' his courage to speak
liis mind when something happened to
make him turn pale and set his heart to
thumping. As Sheriff, he received an offi
cial document by mail one day in which
he was commanded to arrest one' Dr.
James Bird as an embezzler. It was Bird
instead of Davy In^the warrant, but the
personal description fitted the man who
was living out on the prairie with hrs
"It was. Joe." she replied. "But now"—
"But now it's betwixt you and me, and
as soon as I can shake myself together
I'll fix things so that you won't have to
do any more moving. Thanks, dear, that
you shot a little too high!"
"And— and did he have any legal paper
with him?" queried the father in a whis
per.
"If he had It has been burned. Tell me,
father, is he fatally wounded?"
"No; the bullet plowed along his scalp
and he will be all. right in a week. I will
load up the wagon and we must move, on
and find another asylum."
"But the man— Mr. Taylor— Joe?" she
asked.
"We shall take him with us. He will
need my skill and your nursing for some
days to come."
It was two weeks later when the Sheriff
opened his eyes and saw Mollle Davy
seated near his bedside. The old claim
had been left a hundred miles 'behind and
the abandoned cabin of a settler had been
taken possession of. Joe Taylor had been
nursed and tended through fever as the
wagon rolled along.
"Mollle. I take It that it was betwixt
dad and me?" he said as she saw that he
had come back to earth again.
"He— he started to the lake to find you
and a gun went off'" replied the girl, be
tween her sobs.
"How did It come about?" asked the
Doctor, wiio had hurried home at the re
port of the rifle and found his daughter
standing over a wounded and unconscioua
man.
"Then you will arrest him?"
He kissed her again and turned away
toward the lake, looking ai the paper In
his hand through tears In his eyes. He
had not taken a hundred steps, however,
before a rifle cracked and he pitched for
ward on the grass. Ills horse would have
dashed off at the sudden report, but It
was secured by the girl.
stand Impeached. Girl, yoa don't know"—
"Joe," she Interrupted, calling him by
that name for the first time, "a girl
knows when she 19 loved."
"Yea: she ought to. and you ought to
know that I love you."
"I do, Joe; and I love you In return, and
you will break my heart If you drag my
eld father to jail. Say that you won't do
it— that you will leave the warrant un
«erved."
"Duty, girl!" he whispered, as he rose
up and put his arms around her and
kissed her for the first time.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Copyright. 1903, by T. C. McClure.
l / \ -* O one around the fron
• GHft."^-i9«I? tier town of Lewisburg
*O. A knew much of Dr.
P, \^» '/ Davy. He had come
K t0 the local!ty without
Vj j^^Jj *•) ostentation, taken up a
TfH S^G^I X claim four miles away.
JmJF lii iBfcJ and built a eod house,
half above and half below ground. For
a year he had dwelt there alone, and had
onlv come Into town once a fortnight for
By Jofyn Seaton Blair.
BETWIXT DAD AND JOE
4By Helen Rowland.
BEING A BOHEMIAN.
"By Barry Preston.
UNDER THE JUGGERNAUT CAR.
[i J>-^—^__J ISS DOROTHY BBN
nT^S^^JfcJr^LB NETT waa embroidering
1 J>ilW$FmJm lmposslbl ° strawberries
(SlWl^fAMwJ on a dolIy - A BmaJ1 
t\mw/i^Hui brown sparrow perched
On the raU of th0 vlne "
T(aS^S//rr~?il clad P' azza viewed the
. B^a3BJ£a»Bfeg=tll work critically for sev
eral j moments and then fluttered noisily
away. As her eyes followed its flight to a
neighboring cherry tree she heard the
front gate bang and turning, beheld com
ing up the path Mr. James Dent, better
known to the summer colony, from the'
most staid matron, to the smallest urchin,
as "Jimmy.". ,
He . came up to the veranda, stretched
himself comfortably ln a steamer chair
and mopped a perspiring brow.
"Sorter warm-like. Isn't It?" he said
cheerfully. •
Dorothy nodded. . ,
"What variety of vegetable are you
making now?" he inquired amiably, bend-
Ing v over her work. Strawberry? Bet
ter label it I thought it was a tomato."
Dorothy made a feint at him with her
needle, which he discreetly dodged. ¦ „
"There's a polo game at the 'club to
morrow," he went on. "Want to come?"
"My Lady Innocence, 1 * he said, "I have
seen all this many times before. History
repeats itself, as It were. When I see
a young man monopolizing the society
of the most charming girl ; in • Cedarville,
and when suddenly said young man quits
"So, after all, it was partly curiosity
that brought you here to-day," she said.
but despite the nonchalance of her words,
she colored slightly. "What have I been
doing to young ABhford7 Why, I've been
acting my prettiest for him, of course."
"Um-m," Dent mused. "So I feared,"
he said laconically. "Doll, It's too bad.
Ashford Is really a mighty nice kid. and
he's taken it very much to heart, too."
Dorothy laid down her work rather
abruptly.
"Jimmy Dent," she exclaimed, '."what
is it young Ashford has taken so to heart,
and, . for heaven's sake, why Is It too
bad?" « •
"Indeed I do, if you'll take me," sha
aald. v.;S',:v
"I'm yours to command, aa usual," he
answered.
He lighted a cigarette and smoked for
several moments in silence, . his brows
puckered in thought. Presently he
straightened himself ln his chair.
"Dorothy," he said gravely, "what have
you been doing to young Ashford?"
"He married an actress," shs said
shortly. • V ..
"And thers vu Johnny Dtfgi.Hft.wai
hard hit. He was all for miaitonsxylng
It in some particularly pestilential cli
mate."
"He's teller in a bank still. Bis en
gagement was announced ln last week'*
'Clarion,' " she said.
"And numerous others," hs laid. "It's
a regular Juggernaut every season. Doll.
The roadway is strewn with dead and
dying when the car has passed."
"If they throw themselves beneath the
wheels I can't help it," she said.
"My dear young woman/' he expostu
lated, "not that They try U climb
aboard the car. and slip off. Perhaps if
the goddess were not •• smiling and In
viting many of the casualties might b«
averted."
"Indeed," she said mockingly. This
grows quite serious."
"I could give yon quit© a list of those
who have fallen beneath tho wheels, and
yet whose doleful groans you have never
heard.'y' , :*' ¦¦ ;/
H» sat twirling hi* cigarette thought
fully for a moment.
"Suppose." he continued slowly, ••that
I should tell you I— even I— have been
more or less damaged."
"I should say It was the choicest piece
of fiction published this summer," sha
laughed.
"It's gospel truth," he said solemnly.
"It will be my turn next to wear a mask
of sorrow and drink too much.'
When the brown sparrow flitted back to
the rail .he saw an interesting scene be
hind the wistarias. j -
"I did it to protect the others.** hs waa
explaining.
"You might have saved them lang ag»,"
she said.
her society, puts on a face like a graven
image, stays much at the bar of the
Country Club, and acts generally as If
he wished th* world would cave in on
him, it's a pretty good indication that
said young man has been proposing to
said most charming girl and that she
has— has t'run him down."
"I— I can't marry every man who pro
poses to me," she protested.
"Of course not," he admitted, "but you
might shut them oft a trifle sooner. It
seems to me, a girl with your intuition
should be quick to discover matrimonial
Intention ln its incipient stages, and nip
It ln the bud. It's only when the disease
Is advanced that It is troublesome. Now
there's Ashford, poor chap. As I say,
he's a really nice kid. He's running away
with the "idea that tho light of his soul
Is gone out forever and all that sort of
thing. Doll, it's too bad."
: "Perhaps you came at Mr. Ashford' s
suggestion to say these things," she re
marked . rather tartly. She expected
Dent, to bristle up; Instead, he laughed
easily.
"Oh, dear, no," he said, "this expedl
tlon\of remonstrance is quite my own
undertaking." '
"It doesn't seem to me you're called
upon to fight his battles." she said.
"Oh. I'm not fighting his battle. He did
that himself— and lost." he chuckled.
"I'm merely urging a little clemency on
the part of his captor. I'm really sorry
for Ashford— and the rest, for that mat
ter."
"The rest?" she inquired.
"Yes. The field, we might call It, I sup-.
pose," he said. "There was— let's see-
Stanley. He went to Cuba."
"And married a Spanish girl," she sup
plemented. •
; "And Crayton," he went on, "what be
came of him T"-
Just then one of the college boys arose,
looked around and blew a kiss toward
Corlnne and Dorothy.
"Ladies and gentlemen," he began, "in
the presence of a lady who has Just de
clared that she never before tasted a
cocktail I blush to remark "
"Oh, oh! I'm going home this minute,"
said Dorothy, rising and looking about
her with misty eyes and cheeks burning
with mortification.
"Bring us four Martinis to start with,"
said Reggie Cutting to the waiter, who
wore a soiled collar and a cutaway.
Dorothy looked at Corlnne apprehensive
ly. >:
"Are Martinis cocktails?" -she asked
shyly, "because If they— are, I've never
tasted one."
The tweezy orchestra was playing the
latest air from a popular comic opera as
Dorothy Brockway, followed by Corlnne
and the two newspaper men, ln their
morning clothes, entered the third-rate
Bohemian cafe. The Hsrhts flashed on a
hundred women ingaudy gowns, wearing
every color and variety of hat. Jewels,
real and oaste, twinkled under the chan
deliers and the fumes from a hundred
cigarettes rose to heaven. Some college
boys were singing "Bola Bolal" totally
oblivious of time and tune, and were
pounding on the table with their forks
ln wild applause at their own Jokes.
"How do you like it?" asked Corlnne,
as they took their seats.*
"It's choky," - said Dorothy non-com
mft tally.
"What do you take?" asked one of the
men. looking at Dorothy.
"Why-why— oh, anything. I think I'd
like a chocolate frappe."
A loud laugh from the other three greet
ed this remark.
"Why, no," and Corlnne turned re
proachful eyes on Dorothy. "They are
newspaper men, you know, and can only
steal an hour or so from the office. Be
sides, that would be awful conventional.
No, not that low cut frock, goosie. Pick
out your plainest shirt waist If you're
going slumming with me."
Dorothy set her teeth firmly and smiled
away the little frown that had begun to
cloud her forehead. '¦¦'«¦
Three-quarters of an hour later they
were wearily climbing the stairs to Cor
inne's studio. Up one long flight, up two,
up three! Dorothy sat down In a heap
on the dirty floor to rest.
"Connie, is your studio in heaven?"
"Yes, when I sell anything. Come
along, glrly, you'll get there. It merely
requires perseverance," and one more
flight brought the two to a battered door
in \ dirty hall, smelling of mold and
dampness. Corinne took out her latchkey
and unlocked the door.
"Oh, how glorious!" sighed Dorothy,
"to carry your* own latchkey!"
"Delightful!" and Corinne's voice was
a bit ironical.
Just three weeks later Dorothv rolled
over wearily in her automatic combina
tion bed and folding couch that did duty
by day as an "Oriental corner,' with a
lot of gaudy pillows piled upon it.
"Connie." she said tragically, "do you
know Just how much money I have be
tween me and the cold, cold world? Just
fifteen dollars! And I haven't sold a sin
gle thing I've written, and— Connie, is
there anything else in Bohemia besides
work and disappointment and editors who
won't see you?"
"Yes." said Corlnne doubtfully, "I be
lieve there are the Hungarian restaurants.
You need cheering up, girly. We'll do a
Hungarian restaurant to-night I'll tel
ephone two of the boys from Park Row
to meet us somewhere and* we'll go to
Martinetti's."
"Meet us? Meet us? Can't they call
for us here?"
"But— but— all these bags!" and Dor
othy looked helplessly at the pile of
leather satchels beside her.
•They aren't bohemlan, either," and
Corlnne relentlessly led the way to the
cm, tugging two satchels while Dorothy
followed helplessly with the rest.
"You dear little Idiot," Bald Corlnne as
she kissed her and led the way to the
ferry boat. "You absurd little greenie!
Why on earth did you leave my good
and glorious brother to come up to this
seething caldron? Why didn't you stay
at home and marry him and get sup
ported for the rest of your lifer'
"Connie!" eald Dorothy, severely, "yon
don't know what it is * %o be bossed and
bossed and bossed. I -want to be bohe
xnlan." \V. :-
There was a Queer 'little light In Cor
lnne's eyes as she answered: "AH right,
dear, we'll begin right away. Come, we'll
take a streetcar Instead of a cab. It
wouldn't be bobemlan -to take a cab, you
know. Bohemians are all poor. I'm a
Bohemian!"
As the train whizzed past the out
skirts of the city Dorothy Brockway
stretched out her arms and drew a deep
elgh of relief.
-Free! free! free!" she breathed in a
passionate whisper and leaned back ln
the eeat with a wonderful smile in her
eyes and deep, Joyous satisfaction per
meating her whole being. "No more
mammas! No more Teddy! No more
chaperons! No more tea parties." she
went on, "Just fun and work and do as
I please and be bobemlan. Oh, how I
hate It all! Mamma's conventionalities;
Teddy's bossing— dear old Ted! How
broken up he looked—" and some of the
merriment faded from her eyes.
>It was dusk as her train steamed Into
Jersey City and the tall sky-scrapers on
.Park Row were sending forth a million
'twinkling lights that streamed over the
water. Dorothy looked about her a little
bewildered but made her way hurriedly
to the gates, followed by a fat porter
who carried her grips. Through the bars
she spied a smiling pair of eyes, and Cor
rinne Morrison came to meet her with an
amused look on her face.
The man lifted his hat solemnly. Then
he strode'QrWay with a quiet, hurt look in
his eyes, not even waiting to see the
merry face that peered out of the win
dow 6-s the train panted and puffed out
of the station^
"Oh, brace up, Morrison. This won't do.
There's no use making a mute of your
self for any fool girl who doesn't half ap
preciate you."
"You don't know anything about it!"
And Teddy Morrison walked off, leaving
the man who had been trying to cheer
him tip standing where he was, a little
chagrined and a bit sorry for the big
fellow.
/Copyright, 19C3. by T. C. McClure.)
¦— 2_— -— r^T3 OROTHY BROCKWAY
lA^l'* '^S^I ran sayly up the
WHO steps to the first-class
1 * H Arplil 1 P as5cr '£er coach as it
/feB iirtTfJoi 1 Etood In the Richmond
4B=5 = - ==SB3 &s=a? pay'y to a big fellow
•who stood beside the coach. "By by,
Tefifiy." and with a pretty little move
ment she blew a kiss to the waiting man,
then disappeared within the door of the
train.
"I've don* the very best I could for
you and you owe me that «00 you prom
ised me If I'd send her back. I followed
her about and persuaded every, publisher
who might be inclined to look favorably
upon her work to turn it coldly and
peremptorily down. I took her to the
meanest restaurant I know of and made
her drink a cocktail. I even persuaded
Reggie Cutting to be rude to her. All
O. K. She leaves in the morning. Re
member the hundred.
"Your affectionate sifter, Connie."
"Meet me to-morrow at the station, •
p. m. I'm coming home forever and ever
New York is the most uninteresting place
I have ever been in. Publishers up here
aren't a bit Interested in young talent.
They seem to be anxious, above all"
things, to nip It in the bud. Socially
New York Is degrading. People do nothl
Ing but wash In tin basins, drink cock
tails and live in attics. You dear darl
ing old boy! I am Just longing to' » come
home and cry it all out on your coat
lapel.
f£, r . "Your penitent, Dorothy."
The other letter was quite different ln
purport. It ran thus:
"Dear Ted:
"You're a cold, hard hearted, coarse
peraon," she Bald with blazing eyes, "and
I'm going back home to-morrow."
Two days later Mr. Ted Morrison sat
in his office ln the afternoon sunshine
looking over the mail which had Just
come ln. His hat was pushed back from
his forehead, showing a fine bead of cur
ly brown hair. He was laughing softly
and reading over for the third time two
letters he had Just received:
The first ran in this vein: -
"Dearest Teddy: . . •",
"Dorothy Brockway, if you must that
pillow up I'll make you pay for 1L It's
my best, so you Just stop your crying on
it right away." . ."¦ „¦• ,
Dorothy arose with a sudden gulp and
glared at. her companion. .
"Oh. my head!" said Dorothy, sinking
down on the hard pillows of the "fake"
couch. "Oh, my head! How could you
make me drink that cocktail— and the ta
ble and everything went around and— oh,
Connie, I'm sick yet I'll never touch
another— and what would Teddy say?"
"Oh, he'd Just be bossy and particular
about it. You'll get used to Bohemia aft
er a while. Are you tired of it already?"
And Corinne glanced oddly at Dorothy.
. "I'm tired of something. My last story
came back by the post this morning, de
clined 'with thanks,' and I've tried the
last place I know of for a position on
a staff. Why, there aren't any positions
here. And everybody's such an atom in
New York and editors don't take off their
hats when you go to see them;- but Just
keep right on smoking their pipes and
in their shirt sleeves, too. Oh. my head,"
and Dorothy was sobbing violently in half
a minute.
"Sit down, Dolly," whispered Corlnne,
"he doesn't mean anything. Sit down and
don't notice him. Here's your cocktail."
That is all that Dorothy ever remem
bered of that horrible evening. The next
morning she stood before the washstand,
miserably, towel in hand.
"Connie, Connie, this water's so cold
and I can't find any soap, and haven't you
got anything but a tin basin to wash in?"
"Other's broken," came cheerfully from
the inner recesses of a closet. . "
Copyright. 1K», by T. C. McClure.
r>— V-— — CT3HERE was nothing at
i «H extraordinary in its
il-^r/ Blvwi'B appearance, ano^ 1' ar "
' -V nl/^***S rlved ln the usual way 
'lIT^Rrv^l In ot!:<rr words, it was
r»NRvEn*?^R a lettcr ln a . p( * uare
j ¦ #^//^Mv.\Py white envelope, and the
i 1 +mJExn fr^ wrfi "tniM postman stuffed It
Into that one of the row of mall boxea
which bore the name "Loring," Just as in
differently as he tucked an advertising
circular Into Smith's box and an envelope
bearing all the outward and visible signs
of a bill iato the layman's. Then he blew
•.'shrill note on his whistle and continued
on his Impersonal errand down the block.
Barbara heard the whistle and wondered
with xnlld Interest whether there was any
nun for her. Being a matter-of-fact
yonng person, ehe went calmly on about
her aSairs, having learned from experi
ence thai her tiny share of the United
Buaee xnall was not usually of a char
acter to mtV* s> trip down four flights of
stair* worth while. Having no presenti
znest that something superfine was hang
las; over her head, it was fully an hour
Inter when shs was ready to go out on an
•rranfl. She fished & email key out of
the brass bowl that stood on the mantel
«he!2, and making her way ln an unbur-
ZisA manner to the vestibule, fitted It into
a narrow slot in ths mall box and took
»zt th* letter.
Svca then, with the momentous fiocu
tacst la her fiafers, shs failed to "feel it
2n hsr beass," as her grcat-gre&t-grand-
Trttt^mr would have done, that something
tmwwti was about to happen. A gleam
of cariosity 610, however, light up her
£ae* as shs glanced at the superscription,
and tearing the edge of tho envelope oS
CAlntily, passed out into the street, read
ies; the note as Ehe went.
When sho bad finished she stopped Quite
•till and looked about her ln a dazed way.
£hs 2 tit that It was the sort of a letter
that could only arrive by a page on a
cUtct tray, heralded by a fanfare of
li limpets, .
6U11. she eeemed to be awake. All the
»«mw»T landmarks were there— the
church across the way, the house opposite
where the ivy was Just tinging the walls
¦with a faint green, and the Inevitable
group of children of assorted ages and
nationalities, scurrying hither and thither
with m' 11 regard for the usurping pedes
trian. It looked precisely like West
street. Town.
Ehe began to read the note a second
ttaJe, moving automatically down the
street. The blood rose ln her cheeks and
.her eyes eparkled with excitement. An
elevated train thundered by Just ahead of
her, with as much fuss as If It were the
Cyclone Limited scheduled to make Chi
cago ln twenty-four hours. It disap
peared and the commotion of Its passing
died on the air. But it had served Its
purpose and established the reality of
things.
In the next block she ran Into a portly
colored woman with a large bundle.
"Twenty million," she began ln exten
uation of her awkwardness. Then, as the
woman 6tared at her in astonishment, "I
¦mean I beg your pardon!" and she contln
'. ued on her way toward Fifth avenue with
a somewhat flustered countenance. Once
there, the swung along as if she were
By K^th Gordon.
In dollars and cents. I can prove that I
love you at least $20,000,000 worth!"
And then she told him how she thought
of him. and the glimpse of the Jabber
wock had kept her from accepting • old
Peter Mllward and hU fortune.
A month later, when Jack Carruthers.
whose salary had been raised to $1800 a
year, asked her to share it with him, she
accepted without taking any time for
consideration.
"How much do you really love me,
dear?" he asked fervently for the twen
tieth time, after the manner of lovers who
like to hear the same assurances over
and over again. And at last, in despera
tion, she replied:
"Well, if you want to know how much
Once more she took herself to task an
grily.
"It's perfect nonsense!" she told herself
vehemently. "He is a very nice old man
and in time you'll get used to him. All
your life you've longed for wealth, and
now, when it is laid at your feet, you
must auibblf>! Wait until the next in
terest payment is due on the mortgage at
home. You'll wish -.then that you had
forgotten sentiment."
Thus she went on goading herself, but
to no purpose. There was not another
person in the room, and she hid her face
in her hands and murmured in despera
tion »"Oh, Jack— Jack!"
Restlessly she. rose and emerced "¦ into
the street again. The clouds hung low
and there was a slight fog. The gray of
the stone walks, the pavements and the
sky all seemed to melt together into one
sad-toned picture. Vehicles of all descrip
tions, from the butcher's wagon up, filled
the street, keeping so close together that
even the most daring person did riot ven
ture, to cross, and Barbara stood at the'
edge of the walk, waiting for a break in
the line to occur.
She never' knew how long she stood
there— long enough to listen to pome new
whisperings of His Satanic Maiesty tell
ing her how much good she could do with
all that money for the people she loved
and the sufferers of the earth. Ehe was
beginning to believe that it^was her duty
to sacrifice her feelings whether she
wished to or not. She might throw away
fortune for herself, but she had no right
to deny it to the others who would ben
efit through her.
Her eyes, which 'had been staring fixed
ly at the procession of carriages without
seeing them, were suddenly attracted by
an approaching coupe. The blood tingled
in her veins, for she recognized the Mil
ward liverv. y .
It was a handsome carriage with the
curved glass front which enables the oc
cupant to get a more extended view than
can be had in the other kind, and the
men on the box 6at very straight and
stiff. But it was none of these things
that held Barbara's glance fascinated.
It was a pair of glittering, fiendish eyes
that leered at her from the dark interior
as the carriage drew near, a pair of eyes
so horrid In their glare that her blood
ran cold, and she stared in» stupefaction,
thinking she saw the outlines of a
grotesque, Bhadowy face around them.
Not until the coupe was opposite her
did the illusion fade and explain itself.
Then she drew a breath of relief, for what
she saw then was only the reflection of
the two large silver buttons on the back
of the coachman's coat, and Peter Mil
ward bowing to her in his most gallant
manner.
"I never expect to see anything so much
like the Jabberwock again," she laughed
to herself, and then she grew suddenly
grave.
Perhaps if she accepted Peter Milward
that skeleton in the coupe would be quite
real after all!
Having: reached this worldly conclusion,
ehe leaned back in a more comfortable
position and gazed at a dreamy Claude
Monet on the opposite walL Then her
self-communion began again:
"But there's Mr. Mllward. I shall not
be able- to forget him! I wish he were not
Quite so Decembery. If only he seemed a
little more alive!"
With a quickened breath she fancied
herself alone with him in a beautiful
home. Servants move noisily about, but
he was always cold and prim and still.
Sho felt stifled. She felt like a prisoner.
She belonged to him, for he had bought
her with his twenty millions. Oh, the
horror— the degradation. of it!
She shook herself Impatiently, and from
the expression of her face it was evident
that she willed Satan, not to get behind
her, but to come out into the open with
all his most alluring temptations. .
"I've been poor so long," she was think
ing. "Of course, it won't be— won't be — "
she caught her breath and then forced
herself to think the unthinkable — "it won't
be like marrying Jack. But I should have
everything In the world besides him. No
life is all beer and skittles, and, after all.
If I had never met him I should have lived
and been happy without him. I shall
make believe that I never did."
It meant being the wife of a man older
than her own father would have been had
he lived, and, one for whom in her most
enthusiastic moments' she had never more
than an Indifferent toleration. Still, with
the glamour of his great fortune about
him, he did not seem repellant. She tried
to think what their life together would
be like, but in spite of her best efforts it
was another face — young, strong and
frank— that rose before her. She sum
moned Peter Mllward, but It was Jack
Carruthers that appeared and insisted
upon taking his place at her side.
But what were those things? Mere bag
atelles! It meant Paris, London, St. Pe
tersburg and Rome! Aye, and India and
Egypt! It meant all the dreams of her
life come true— and in addition, splendors
that she had never even thought of in her
wildest nights of fancy.
She drew her breath In sharply. The
realization of what it would mean to bo
the wife of a man with a score of mil
lions was almost oppressive. Even now
she was beginning to feel the responsi
bility of wealth, and as she turned into
an art gallery at the corner of Thirty
fourth street, where, in the silence, she
meant to sit and think it out, there was
a little frown upon her forehead.
For the third time within the hour she
read over the note. Now that the first
dizziness of the magnificence offered her
was over, phe began to have an acuto
sense of something else than the twenty
millions meant.
Then she tried Impatiently to get away
from that thought, to think of what the
note meant In more concrete things. It
would mean cabs and violets and a maid.
That was her first thought, and Bhe
laughed outright at the meagerness. An
Imagination inured to poverty could not
reach the possibilities of such a fortune
all at once. It would have to be trained
up to It, Just as contralto voices were
sometimes trained up to sopranos. Cabs
and violets. Indeed! Orchids and a vic
toria with two men on the box was more
like It.
walking on air. saying 1 over and again
to herself, "Millions— do you understand—
millions T"
WHEN JABBERWOCK RODE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
THE SUNDAY CALL'S
Two Full Pagesvoftlje Cleverest Fictiorj by the Cleverest Writers
h Alf-hour storiettesBy Arthur Stringer.
APHORISMS FROM
THE SILVER POPPY
ONE of the most remarkable literary creations in years are the
"Pastels in Pork" written by George Horace Lorimer, under the
title of "Letters Prom a Self- Made Merchant to His Son,'* which,
as the name would indicate, are broadly American, . shrewd, clever,
witty and filled with a practical philosophy and business acumen that
are real, vital and democratic The book has been a tremendous sensa
tion, so much so that its pithiest sayings are quoted herewith : by ar
rangement with Small, Maynard & Co., the . publishers,' Bos
ton, Mass. One of • the most striking novelties is "Old John Gorgon
Graham's Alphabet," reproduced as a border all around this page.
There is truth as well as humor in every line of that alphabet. Next
Sunday The Call readers will be treated to another novelty from the
same book. ..-. . :
"PASTELS IN PORK."
Alias Jefferson Dobbs.
IMPARTS SOME NEW
WIT AND WISDOM
"Now it's different. The people that have the money seem 'to want
financial legislation, and -if they think a change would be a good thing there
can't be much doubt that; we ought to have it. "Take a grand old financial
expert like Mark Hanna; that's made a study of money all -his life;, and
when he says something ought to be done to our currency, we can make up
our minds it would be wrong not to listen to the voice of the prophet: When
the men..that.are.doin' business on Wall street ..say the time- has arrove ;for
new currency laws, we can put away the fears we had when a lot of. Popu
lists oue West that had^ no bizness to think of anything besides ¦•gjettin'
ready for the regular payments on morgidges wanted to pull v down the bull
works'of our Government by changin' the financial system that had brought
us prosperity and was the work of wise and noble statesmen."
. ."I can't just see," says I to the judge, "why it is that if our currency
system was perfect then it's got to be such a blamed poor thing now." .
"Well, I'll tell you," says he. "There's been changes in conditions.'. It
used to be when Wall street got pinched the whole country felt it If money
was scarce hi Wall street the people all over our broad land had to go
"So it was only natural for the people to turn against, the ones ; th^t
wanted to disturb financial. conditions a few years ago, and so we snowed
Mr. -Bryan under so deep that he could, never be heard from' again.' except
wherever two or three Democrats were gathered together. We didn't want
a crowd of amateurs that didn't hardly know what a hundred-dollar bill
looked like comin' along and givin' us a new financial standard. You can see
for -yourself- how -dangerous- it would of 'been.- -- : - ' -• i *. ¦• :
>SrTZS| ULBERRY CENTER. Aug. 26.— Hurrah for an elastic
currency, or. if we can't have an elastic currency, we
I i^/J wV/^hM fc w ant the next best thing. Them are the sentiments of
M^/'iWr^BrH tlie Jcadin> financ ' a l experts of these parts, and it looks as
¦L"^/riiW&Bc§i t^ou^h something was goin' to be done by Congress, un-
I i Gai^JElfJJLffl less Wall street changes its mind before winter sets in.
tJBsSSHBBnEssSi] Judge Miller and me had quite a long talk about it
one day last week and I've come to the conclusion that something's got to
be done. I didn't much believe in disturbin' things at first, bein' one of the
original stand-patters, but the iudee told me Uncle Mark was for new finan
cial legislation, so we ought to have it.
"How is it." I says to the judge, before I'd got a good clear under
standin' of the question, "that there's so much talk about currency legisla
tion now? It seems to me, if I don't disremember, that these same people
that are yellin' for new laws on the money question now were tellin' us a few,
years ago that it would be a crime to change, our- money system. They said
the gold standard fixed everything in that line forever and the money ques
tion was a dead issue. What's the matter? Ain't the gold standard keepin'
things goin 1 just right after all?"
"JenV' # says the judge, "in the circumambient correlation of the syn
thetic megarythm there is a sublunary quintessence of syllogistic dogmatism
with which you seem to be deeply tinctured." - - — - - — —
' If he'd of been a stranger .and said. it at me I think I would of made him
eat his words, but knowin' the judge don't always mean'morc'n half he says
I overlooked it. ' ..-V ',
"Jeff," he say», "you make the tame mistake that most people who don't
go deep enough into these subjects make.. . The trouble .before was that, the
people who wanted a change in our currency system was a lot of greenhorns
that hadn't any money themselves and cbnscqucntionally by the juxtaposi
tion of the fundamental principle of' every platitudinal ' equation' couldn't
know anything about the question. .You wouldn't go to a man that ..never
had any children of his own to get pointers on how to bring up your boy,
would you? Yit. Jeff, them's the kind ofchapi that's always tellin' people
with four or five husky boys in the fambly' how to raise them so they will
grow up to be leadin' citizens. It's poor old human nature, I guess, that
makes most men always want to meddle with things they don't know any-
Yours for the spread of reason,
situation.
JEFFERSON DOBBS.
hungry. That showed that the financial condition was all right But now
it's got so that sometimes Wall street can have a flurry and get all run down
and the outside people keep right on doin' bizness, hardly noticin' that any
thing's wrong. That shows there ought to be a change. Things 'can't be
right when the grocery keepers at Sheboygan,_ Wis., and farmers in Ohio
can keep right on without noticin 1 any difference when- Wall street's all tore
up and the millionaires down there are so short of cash that some of them
even have to git along with their last year's steam yots. When things come
to that kind of a pass it's time to' put our pride away, and come right out
brave and reckanize the fact that ther's something the matter with our finan
cial system."
"How are we goin' to fix it. Judge?" I asked him.
"What we need," says he. "is an elastic currency."
I've heard a good deal lately about an elastic currency, but before talk
in' with the judge about it I'd never seemed to understand iust what it
meant. I hated to let him find out about my ignorancy, but as the poet
The man who never.asks
Stands mighty little chance .'-, . '
Of ever findin/out. > j^;-
So I come right out and asked him what an elastic currency was. He looked
kind of surprised that an enlightened man like me could ask such a fool
question, but he couldn't 4 helo seein' that I was honest about it. anyway.
"Well," he says, "I'll tell you. An elastic currency is something like one
of these toy balloons. You know how them things shrink up when you let
the air out of them. They don't seem v to amount to much for looks or
anything else when they're empty, but the more you blow in and stretch
them the better they look. ' What we need is a currency that'll stretch good
when things are filled up with water. If it was'nt that the experts down in
New; York want something done I would be in favor oHettin' well enough
alonlV.but when the millionaires begin to see that they ain't gittin' anywhere
near all of it, I say it's time to act. Out in Iowa, some of the people seem to
think it would be a good thing to cut down the tariff, but it would be dan
gerous to disturb things. We can't run the risk of doin* any experimentin'.
and a lower tariff wouldn't helo anybody but the people that have to buy
things, anyway, so what's the use talkin' foolish? Let's stand pat."
I felt some worried about what might happen before the judge explained,
but mv confadunce has been restored since I've got so I understand the
THE ORACLE OF
MULBERRY CENTER
By S. E. Kiser.
Baker's Dozen— In England there was so heavy a fine for short-weight
in bakery goods that the shopkeepers began to throw in an extra biscuit or
cake with every dozen sold to make up for any chance deficiency, which
explains why we call thirteen "a baker's dozen." ' •
Fashions in Footwear— Pictures of the court of Charles VIII of France
show many a fop whose satin shoes are gathered in full pleats across his
toes, giving his foot the shape of a duck's. :This was a tribute to the
King's "royal superfluity of toes," his Majesty being blessed with twelve.
Enter Trousers— -It was one of his successors, Louis XII, who banished
the old knee-breeches and introduced the present atrocities to conceal his
own exceeding deficiency as to calf. • \.:'-\ •
Nippon — The Japanese flag recalls the celestial folk-lore history of Tui
Sen, Governor of one of the Chinese provinces about 300 B. C, who might
ily offended the Emperor and fled across the seas with his little band of
faithful retainers in search of a new home and country. Each morning Tui
Sen's first supplication was. "The gods give the sun to shine on us this
day!" The prayer was answered all the^days of the' voyage, in recognition
of which grace the adventurers emblazoned the sun in their flag. and named
their land Nippon, or the Sunshine Land. The less romantic historian says
that Nippon means "the origin of the sun" and signifies Japan's extreme
easterly position.
The Wedding Flower — The orange flower derives its claim to preced
ence among wedding flowers from over two thousand years ago,-, when the
Greek girls adorned themselves on their bridal day with the sweetest
flower displaying the color of Hymen— saffron. ..
"It was said, upon a time, \
I 4frould have 'Reason' for my Rhyme;
From that hour urito this season
I've had neither Rhyme nor Reason 1"
HERE was once a Bookworm who derived considerable
pgfc^PBW amusement from tracing the origin of some of the fads
B I l^oMC^ G I anc * prases that daily greet us. It is really interesting to
B?l^ notc k° w many originated in some incident far back in the
BN^ ccntur ' es - A * ew °f l^ e jottings in the notebook of this
9 <2§rt i^lsWfH curio-hunter read like this: ,
li^isJSI^ll Hand-shaking— The habit of hand-shaking was, in its
| {^^ Bgv | origin, simply a denial of murderous intent. When our
pusillanimous forefathers had advanced within stabbing distance of each
other they raised their hands above their heads to prove themselves wea
ponless. From which custom developed the grasp of friendship— and of
hypocrisy.
The modern mode of shaking hands at the level of one's eyes is in imi
tation of an English lady of rank, who, while mounting the stairs with her
long court train over her arm, met an acquaintance and shook hands in this
awkward position to avoid dropping those yards of satin and silk.
Sandwiches— Our sandwich is another memento : of English fadism.
Lord Sandwich was one day so engrossed in high-stake baccarat that he
would not leave the game though lunch time had come and gone, and even
when the waiter brought him some slices of cold beef and bread, clapped
three of them together and hurried them down the red lane. The whole
club promptly developed appetites like my Lord's, and the world has fol
lowed suit. „ ¦ ¦ • ,
Blinders— It \yas another English nobleman with racing propensities
and a wall-eyed prize-winner who introduced blinders. He adorned them
with his monogram, the fashionable world went and did likewise, and to
day every American dray-horse feels the consequences.
Ecru Lace — One of the Countesses of Flanders was responsible for ecru
lace. The story runs that the impetuous lady swore not to change her
linen, no. nor the ball dress she then wore, tilPa" certain siege on one of
her husband's castles should be raised. The siege lasted a year and the Coun
tess kept her vow. There was nothing for the poor court-dames to do but
follow the Countess, so "ecru" became the color of fashion.
Rhyme or Reason — We who so commonly use the phrase, "Without
rhyme or reason," seldom remember it was connected with so select a trio
as Queen Elizabeth, Spencer and the Lord Chamberlain.' The poet, .after
reading his "Faerie Queene" to .Elizabeth, to whom it was dedicated, hand
ed the manuscript to the Lord Chamberlain, as was customary,- and-await
ed his bounty. "How much shall 'I- give him?" asked Ihe keeper of the
royal exchequer. "Give him in. reason," replied her . ;~ Majesty. ' But evi
dently the Chamberlain held the poet in mean, esteem, igt; no. largess was
given him nor was the verse returned.. At last these couplets appeared at
court and, as we like to believe,. opened the Chamberlain's hand:
By Elizabeth Kyle.
FADS AND PHRASES.
over!'"
"These liliputian temptations — they remind us that the threads which
kept Gulliver down were very small threads, but there were : so many of
them!"
"It is a sorrowful day when the eyes of youth can gaze openly into the
eyes of defeat!"
f "Upward through illusion and onward through error — that is life!"
"He fretted at idleness, oppressed by the gaycties of life when they
chanced to fall before the hour of the dinner gong and the Tuxedo coat!"
"With the muse there must be no divided love I"
"What is more desolate than life's moral Great Divide?"
"We prefer our pessimists young and tender, like asparagus. Ten years
older and what a bore even Hamlet might have been!"
"To a good many Americans a life of hurry is the only life of ease."
"Great men are rugged and lonely, like lighthouses, and. like light
houses, they are very useful!" .
"Women accept the confusion of stalwart manhood as the profoundest
tribute to their own power!"
"Her flashing wit was a spade bayonet, with which, when not piercing
her enemy, she intrenched herself."
softest."
"Every Klondike of achievement has its Chilkoot of adversity."
"To wear love's brand you must stand love's burn."
"It's the ebb tide of love that shows the mud flats of the soul."
"This dog of a life — mongrel of joy and misery that it is."
"A song in the heart is worth two in the book.".
"Life without love, my child, is the axle of existence without grease."
"We are — only what we have been."
" 'My ideal.' she answered, 'is a man who would stand up against the
whole, wide world — for a woman's sake.' "
"Our American husbands, you know, usually show more velvet than
claws." ip j * •
"A great man? Impossible! He hasn't a dozen enemies!" . _
"A woman's last love is always a rechauffe of her first."
"Art is the china of sentiment packed in the sawdust of sense." .
"With a snub-nosed Helen of Troy, my child, there would never have
been a Trojan war."
"A cynic, is he? Then take all he says with an ounce of civet and a
grain of salt.*'
"Some mo are born businesslike, my dear, the same as they're born
bow lejrged!"
"Women's hearts never break nowadays, but, oh, how often they
wither!"
"Our Manhattans of the mind always have their Boweries of the blood."
" 'The defeated heart.' sighed the woman in black, 'has the habit of
burying its own dead!'" '.:-.
"These souls of ours are like railway bridges — they can be reconstruct
ed even when the trains of trial and temptation are creeping over them!"
"It is the undercrust of motive that is the test of the moral pie!"
"A husband's jealousies, my dear, are the mushrooms on the beefsteak of
matrimony!"
"We Americans have never learned to irrigate the alkali out of our
humor."
"In our age genkis has to be picked green, like watermelons, so as not
to spoil on the market!"
" 'Good men,' she had once said, 'are like good roads — made to walk
I*-— j»-- y^ OME people come out of a book like a spaniel out of
I'^^^^Owl watcr> scattering a shower of ideas over you."
f "Society, my dear, is like salt water — good to swim in,
r'^"^fe^^?i but hard to swal l ow " ¦*
jj^ffTp^^l^H "To make your heart, you must first break your
yj|^£ss^$^£-.| "Life is only a vaudeville, with hunger and love for
toplincrs."
"Humor is the tail to the kite of affection."
"Womankind is the upholstery of life, wearing the soonest where it is tKe
'f^^^^^l'HERE must needs be a great host of the vacationless. The
, army of them is much larger than commonly supposed.
¦•^VjHiyPv When we say "everybody is out of town" we don't mean
exactly what we say. There is never an hour in the sum-
S^uBa^D mcr w^ cn as manv °f the inhabitants of a Riven commu
| *y yiffivp n ' tv are out °f town as remain at home. In the first place
, J^aMJMfern there is the bisr contingent of laborers by ( the day. most
of whom cannot afford to take a vacation because even a
short absence means a lessened income. Then there are those detained by
the care of infants, invalids, the infirm and the aged. It is hard, for instance,
for the average mother of young children to get a vacation. Moreover, the
work done day after day by certain persons. is so related to a network of
activities that if they lay down their special tasks the machinery of the .en
tire concern halts or goes slowly. It is sometimes easier for the office boy
,to get a holiday than for the head of the business,
', It takes considerable grace, I confess, .to 'see the summer slipping away
without bringing you any let-up. Out-going trains and steamers are packed
with people loaded down with golf sticks, tcrlnis rackets and hammocks.
You read of the merrymakings at.the different resorts. Your friend comes
back ruddy and vigorous after his month or fortnight in camp. And still
you plod away arid the green fields and dancing brooks and restful moun
tains seem very far off. You call it hard luck and wonder if your turn will
ever come.
But is it such, terrible hard luck after all? Think of the time spent in
hunting up places and in studying timetables, of the disappointments that
often befall the pleasure seeker, of the possible hard beds and the fly-infested
tables and the mosquito-frequented piazzas and the long waits at
the railway junctions and the noisy children in the next room and your own
cramped quarters. When you are at home you may not live sumptuously,
but at least you know what you are to encounter when you return at night
and you have learned jk> adjust yourself to it. And even when vacation
conditions are satisfactory, oh, how quickly the days speed by, and before
you know it the long-anticipated season is over. Then you are on a level
again with the man who has stayed at home all the time.
But, to speak in a little more serious vein — is any man entirely vacation
less? I was talking the other day with the executive head of ah important
establishment, who not only frankly admitted that he never took a vacation,
but absolutely gloried in the fact. "I found," said he, "that I had to work
extra hard before going and extra hard after coming back, and so I con
cluded the easier thing would be to stay at my post right along. ,But I have
my Sundays, and they make fifty-two days in a year, which is quite a vaca
tion in itself, and I have my nights, and there are 365 of them in a year, and
so I manage to get along nicely."
Pretty good philosophy that for the members of "The-Can't- Get- A way-
Club!" We must not forget that the Creator has made careful provision
for the needs of even the hardest worked man. Of course, if he misuses
these God-given opportunities of relaxation, if he works steadily seven days
in the week, or if he-employs the Sabbath hours in such a way that they de
plete his physical and nervous energy, if he carouses night after night, he
is burning the candle at both ends and the outcome will be speedy collapse.
But if he gets in his eight hours' sleep at night and rests and worships on
Sunday he can go a long while without the conventional vacation.
Much depends on the way the vacationless man uses the margins of his
time. They tell us that one can master many books eventually if he will
only improve the odd moments. One may get through Motley's "Dutch
Republic," for example, while waiting for the meals to be put on the table.
Itisnot otherwise with this matter of recreation. Learn to utilize the chinks
of time, to slip away for half a day. Cherish, too, the inward mood* that
lends itself to imaginary flights away from the beaten routine, the sordid set
ting of -'our daily life. A man who thus keeps his mind open to higher things
can get physical as well as intellectual profit from dipping in*» a book like
Henry Van Dyke's "Little Rivers." while David's quieting xxiii Psalm will
be like a draught of cold water in a thirsty land.
Vacations are splendid things if you can get them. But when you can't,
make the" best of the situation. THE PARSON.
By tKe Parson.
DELIGHTS FOR THE
VACATIONLESS
THE SUNDAY CALI*
OLD JOHN
GRAHAM
ALPHABET.
6" 'Cheese It, you little cussr I whis
pered In his ear, 'or I'll break every rib.
in your poor old chest 1* X cams In on him
a trifle Just to show him what I couM da
If I tried. t
" "Nuff!' he wheezes. *Quit~. NufC* !•
" 'Go,, up and congratulate "em.' I whim
pered again. ...
from the doorway. And then .he gar* us
the queerest prayer you ever heard In
your life. He stood on one toe and clawed
chunks out of the air while he delivered
It. • -
"He seemed to have It In for me la par
ticular. 'You villain I You jascall You
red-headed rascal! You dld*thlsi I know
you did!' .. .
"¦'Oh, uncle.' says I. forrlve me!' "With
that I hugged him right up to me* and ha
filled my bosom full of smothered lan
guage. .. '..
V 'How are you, my boy?' says he. 'I'm
glad to see you. Here am I, an old man,
nipped by the leg, 'and much wanting. to
talk to somebody.' \ ' ( f!&'i'«
• "I passed the time of day with him, but
felt kind of blue. .This didn't look like
keeping i&iy word with the kids./ I, really
hated, to^say anything to the told^man,'
knowing his disposition; still, I felt! I had
to, and I 'out wlthfiiiyTstory. . .^ , : :: ;T :.^;
." 'Dear,. dear 1* says he. 'The hurry and
skurry of young folks! How Idle It seems'
when you get , fifty years ! away from ( it,
and see how little "anything counts. For
all that, I- thank "God,' says he, 'that
there's a little red left in my, blood yet,
which: makes me sytnpathlze^wlth them.
But theglrl's people object, you pay?'; /.
"I" made that all ~ clear ; to-, him. 'The
girl's ; always, all' right,' father,' says"I,'
• 'and as -for the: mao> in - this case, my
.¦?vord for' him.' ' ' s . : ' * - ¦¦¦¦-
,Vflow.s it; ain't Justs the irighf*thlng -for:
me ,to say.JtJUt seeing as .I've, never had ,
anything In particular to be modest about
and I'm proud of what the old gentleman
told'me, I'm- going to repeat It. - -
plected hunk of . trouble . over . the party's
left shoulder for the rest of his days. The
doctor was out, so I left word for him
what was wanted and to 'be ready when I
got back,, and pulled for Father Slade's.
The old gentleman had the rheumatism,
and he groaned when I came in. Rheu
matism's no disease for people who can't
swear, - ¦¦ •'¦,»*'-, '• - i: - - : . i-.*-'- ¦":
X VFlrsj place, I stopped at the doctor's,
because I felt they, might mix .up tho mar
rying business some -other time, but* if a
leg that's broke in the upper joint' ain't
set right you can see a large, dark-com-
ask when we parted. ' ' ' r ' ¦¦'
" 'Um,' I'd say, Tn afraid you'd notice
a bend here and there If you slid' your
eyes along the edge.' ;
" 'Well, keep;. as .'straight as you eari;
don't give ; up trying, my boy,' he'd tell
me, mighty -earnest, and I'd feel ashamed
of myself clean around the corner.
"I knew the old man would do me a
favor if it could be done, so I pulled out
easy in my mind. ... . ;• ."..«¦:,. •
town— Father Slade by name. No, he waa
not a Catholic, I think. They called him
'Father* because It fitted him. His church
had a steeple on it, anyhow, so It was no
maverick. Just what particular kind of
religion tho old man had, I don't know,
but I should say he was a homeopath on
a guess. He looked it. 'Twas a comfort
to see him coming: .down the street, his
old face saining in his white hair like a
shriveled pink .apple] in a snowdrift, God
blessing everything: In eight— good, bad
or Indifferent. He, had something pleas
ant to say tosJL-'We was quite
and *! every once 'In a._ while we'd ' have a
chin about things. . . . '.:;". ••
" 'Are you keeping straight,' Red?''- he'd
".'Tour word Is good for me, Red/'says
he. ¦ 'You're a- mischievous boy at- times,
: but f your heart . and your head are both
•reliable; give me your arm to the wagon.' ,
"Then I felt mighty sorry to" think ;of
' lugging that poor old. man all that ' way. .
' " 'Here,' says I. 'Now you sit down
again; don't you do anything of the sort—
you; ain't fit.'" .• ..:. - . ¦'-¦'.-.'. .\_
."He. put his hand on .my shoulder, and
hobbled hfs :welght off thegame'leg.. ¦
¦¦-. •" 'Reddy, I was sitting ; there"thinking
\when you. came In— thinking of how com—
.fortable it was . to be in an ' easy, chair
with my foot on a stool, and -then I
thought, .^'if the Lord should send me
some work '.to. do :I ,would be willing?"
:Now, thanks be to him, I am willing,. and.
glad to 'find 1 ; myself teo,-.and'I.do;nbt';bet '
Ueve "there's any Iwork more acceptable to."
' him -than' the i union 61 young folks who^
;iove each-V other." Ouoh!'. says, he.'as' the^
foot the ground.^'Perhaps- yOu'd
better; pick ' me up and carry frne • bodily. '::;;¦
"¦' "So 'i I - did >. it,* - the 'old housekeeperY f ol- ~ ;
lowing ua with T an 1 armful * of ; things and.
Jawing the both, of us^-himtfpr^a'foolj
and me' foK a villain. : She was : a strong- V
minded, old lady,* and I wish: X could re
member some of hertalk— it was great.
•¦¦*' "We went around and- got the doctor/:*
'. " " 'Hoo!' say he. .'Is It as bad as that?'
I winked at' Father Slade.: ; :-.-..!.' ,
V " 'It's a-plehty worse than that,' -says.
I; 'you won't know the half of it till you
•get down> there.' 1 .¦'."*.¦• * ¦* ' '¦"'' *"* ~
1 ' '"But, of course,, we hadto^tellhlm, and',
he , was t tickled. 'Funny .what an interest 1
everybody, takes In these happenings.' He_
wanted all the details. ' '
suspicious— I wouldn't have done it for a
ton of money— but it's too late now. I'll
down him- and hold him. out there if you
say so.', ' " v -
"Well, sir, at this old Father Slade
stood right up, forgetting that foot en
tirely.
;.'-." 'Children, ready,', says he, and he
went over the line for a record.
" 'Hurry, there!' hollered old. Bob from
the outside, where be was on watch; 'here
comes • uncle j up the long .'coulee.' >. -«.•'.
" 'What are' your names, 1 says Father
Slade. They -told him, both red'ntag;
." 'Do you, Kyle, take this woman.-Loyt,
to have and keep track of, come hell or
high . water, . hrer." heirs : and assigns for
ever ?'-^-or such • a matter— saya he, all In
one breath. ? They both said they. did. • •.
; "Things .flew, until we came to the ring.
-There-was.a hitch,^We had- plumb for
'gotten that important artlclel : For a min
ute , I _ fdit- stingy then - 1 ¦ cussed < myself
for a mean old long-horn, . and 'dived Into
-myibox^_ >: ' , ' •. ¦¦' ": ¦¦ "-,.
" 'Here, take 'this!'; I, says. 'It .was '.my'
'mother's,'. • . : ;ii--=^T
¦"", 'Oh,; Red!: : You: mustn't part with
that !' cried' Loys, her ; eyes filling up. ..
"'Don't waste time "talklgjs; I put
'through what .1 'tackle. .H/irry,"" please,
.¦;"»'•'' i. : , »*£"''
"^Has anybody an objections to these
proceedings?' says he.'
\ ". 'I.have/.Tfays I, .^but I .won't Tnentlon 1
','em. Give them the verdict.' ; :
" 'I pronounce you man>and wife. Let
us pray,' says he. " ' s
- " 'What's* that?' screeches Uncle Jonesy
he hollers, and he pranced ©nt ef th«
house like a hosstyle spider, the maddest
little man In the Territory. n
, "Loys had a hard time of it until Kyle
got so he could travel, and they went up
to the Yellowstone with a team' for a
wedding trip. •¦
"The rest of Loys* : folks was In an un
pleasant frame of mind. too. ' They sent
out her brother., and while I'd have took
most anything from Loys' brotner, there
conies a place where human nature- la
human nature,- and. the upshot of It was I
planked that young man gently but firm
ly across iriy knees. Suffering Ike!
he was one sassy young man!' Howsom
ever, the whole outfit came round? in time
—all except uncle and me. He used to
grit his teeth together till the sparks flew
when he saw me. I was afraid he'd bust
a blood vessel in one of them fits, so I
quit. I hated to let go of the old ranch,
but I'm pretty well fixed— I'm superinten
dent here. It's Kyle's ranch, you know.
That's hl3 brand— the queer-looking thing;
on the left hip of that critter, over th©
vented : hashknife. Loys' Invention, that
is. She says it's a cberubltm. but we call
it the 'flying flapjack.* There's a right
smart lot of beef critters toting that sig
nal around this part of the country.
Kyle's one of the fellers that rises like a'
setting of bread— quiet and gentle, but
steady and sure. He's going to the State
Legislature next year. 'Twon't do no harm
to have one honest man In the outfit .1
"Now, perhaps. If I'd married some nice*'
woman I might have had 1000 steers of my
own. and a chance to make rules and reg
ulations for my feller-citizens— and then.'
again, I might have took to gambling and
drinking and raising blazes, and broke
my poor wife's broomhandle with my hard
head. I So I. reckon we'll let It slide •as < It
13'. » Now, you straddle that cayuse «f
yours and come along wlth,m« and FU.
show you some rattling colts." ...
"Then Kyle took me Into bis confidence.
I never was less astonished. in my whole
life, jmd I didn't tell him so. 'Well, what
are- you going to do about it?* says L
"He kind cf groaned and shook his
head. ¦ 'I donno.' says he. 'Do you think
she likes me. Red?* 1 felt like -saying,
"Well, things went as smooth and easy
as bob-Elcdfing until It came lime for
Loys to be moseying back to college
acain. \ *',"
"But Kyle was the man from the go in.
AnfiZSt tras right it ehou'd be so. If ever
two young people were born to make
trouble for ?;ach ether. It was Kyle and
Loys.
"A nlce3ecent fellow was Kyle. Noth
ing remarkable, you could say, and that
¦was one of his best points. Howsomever,
he had a head that could do plain think
ing; a pair of ehoulders that discouraged
frlvoling and he was as square a piece of
furniture as ever came out of a factory.
More'n that; he had quite a little educa
tion, saved his money, never got more
than good r.atured loaded and he could
ride anything that had four legs, from a
eawhorse to old tiger Buck, who could
kick both your feet out of the stirrups
and reach around and bite you- In the
email of the back so quick that the boys
would be pulling his front hoofs out of
your frame before you'd realize that' the
canter had begun. Nice horse. Buck. He
like to eat Jonesy up one morning before
Silver and me could get to the corral.
Lord! The sounds made my blood run
cold! Old Buck equealing like a boar pig
In a wolf trap and Jonesy yelling, 'Help!
Murder! Police!' Even that did not cure
Jones from sticking his nose where It
wasn't wanted. Wfcjr, once— but thunderl
It would take me a long" while to tell you
all that happened to Jones.
"One thing that didn't hurt Kyle any In
the campaign wes that he was most as
pood looking for a man as she* was for a
woman. They made a pair to draw to, I
tell you, loping o*-er the . prairie, full of
health and youngness! Loys was bo happy
it made you feel like a boy again to Bee
her. She told me In private that It was
wonderful how the air out here agreed
with her, and I said It was considered
mighty bracing, and never let on that
they proclaimed their state of.mlnd every
time they looked at each ether. [ I reckon
old Smart Aleck Jonesy was the 'only
party in the township who didn't under
ctand.
laid my eyes on that young woman. She
was all the things a man ever wanted in
this world rolled up in a prize package.
Seems like the pood Lord was kind of
ccreiecs -jvlien he built Jonesy, but when
ho turned tLat girl out he played square
with the fambly.
"I ain't what you might call a man
that's easily disturbed in his mind, but I
kr.ow J says to myself that first day, 'If I
was ten year younger, young lady, they'd
'never lug you back East again.' Gee,
man! There was a time when I'd have
pulled the country up by the roots but
I'd have had tha^, girl! I notice I don't
fall In love bo violent as the years roll on:
I can squint n-.y eyes over the cards now
and say, Tes, that's a beautiful hand, but
I reckon I'd better stay out,' and lay 'em
down without a Btgh; whereas, when I
was a young feller. If I had three aces In
sight Td raise the rest of the gathering
right cut of their foot leather or get
caught at it.
"Well. I don't have to mention that
Leys stirred things up considerably
around the Chasta Seechee and vicinity.
Geel What a diving into wannegans and
fetching out of good clothes there waa.
And trading of useful coats and things
for cseless but decorating Bilk handker
chiefs and things! And what a hair cut
ting and whisker trimming!
" •Well,' eays I, '111 give that Eastern
Vlossom an idea of the quality of this
country anyhow.' So I tegs myself up in
the awfullest ri£ I could find, strapped
two cartridge belts to me, every hole
filled, and a gun In every holster; put
arandle gTease on my mustache and twist
ed the ends up to my eye winkers; stuck
a knife in my hatband and another in my
boot i threw a Ehotgun and a rifle In the
buckboard ar.d pulled out quick through
the colt pens before Jonesy could get his
peeps cnto me.
"Well, sir, I was jarred witless when I
"Well, the next thing after Jonesy got
•stabllBhfrd was that his niece must come
cut during vacation and pay him a visit.
'Jeerusalem!' thinks I, 'Jonesy's niece!' I
bad visions cf a thin. y:Uler. sour little
ple.ee, with mouse-colored hair plastered
down en her head, and an unkind word
for everybody. We gave three loud
frrar.r. when we got the news In the bull
pen. And c I cussed for ten .minutes
straight, without repcatlcg myself once,
when It so fell out that the members of
the board rolled out our way the day the
(z:r\ had to be sent ' for. and Jonesy
coulCn't break loose, and your uncle wai
elected to take the buckboard and drive
twenty miles to the railroad.
CCopyrtgtt. 1XS.)
1 1*\ 0W fild * CCaie t0 gti myself
• • I \ disliked down at the Chanta
I"] Beechee? Well. I'll tell you."
JL J said Redfly, the cow- puncher.
*S The pls.y came up like this.
PSrst. they njs.de the Cha&ta Seechee Into
ft stock "^r'lTi then the stock company
p«l «-U their brains la ons think, and
Wfi tier. 'We'll max* this man Jones
¦gyrtateadent and the ranch Is all right
at «om.' Bo out cornea Jones from Bos
toa. V.tMt . and what he didn't know
aboct running a ranch was common talk
t& tne country, but what be thought he
knew about running a ranch was too
Butch for cne man to carry around. He
wurn't a bad-hearted feller in some ways,
yet on the whole he felt It was an honor
te. •> looklfig-glaM to have tfce pleasure
cf resecting Hm,
" 'I've tried to conceal It all my/ life,
but I knew It would be discovered some
day,' aays I. 'Well, I suppose I'd better
break the ,news to Loys— 'twoiildn't . be
any more than polite.' .
" *Oh, Lord! I wonder If she'll be will
ing?* says he,
"She was willing all right— even anx
ious. There's some women— and men, too,
for that matter— who go through life like
a cat .through, a back alley," not caring a
cuss for .either end dr. the middle., They
would.have been^content to wait. Not^bo
Loys. She wanted her Kyle, her poor
Kyle, and she wanted him quick.
"Now, I had a minister, friend up In
" 'Of course they would,' I answered.
•But they don't get it. I'm 'foxy, 'i am.'
Still I was touched In a tender spot. That
young woman knew Just the right thing
to say, by nature. 'Well, what are you
young folks going to ao7* I asked them.
"They decided ihat they'd think It over
until the next day, Lut that turned out to
be too late; for what must Kyle, do. but
get chucked from bis horse and have his
leg broke near the hip. "You don't want
to take any love affairs onto the back of
a bad horse, now you mark me! There,
was no such thing as downing that boy
when he was in his right* mind. . >/; \
"Now here was a hurrah 1 Loys she
dasn't cry for fear of uncle, and Kyle he
used the slnfulest language known to the
tongue of man. 'Twas the first time I'd
ever heard him. say anything much, but
he made It clear that it wasn't because he
couldn't. "':;; ; '
" 'What will we do, Red? What will we
do?' says he.
" 'Now,' says I, 'don't bile over like
that, because it's bad for your leg.'
"He cussed the leg.
" 'Go on and tell me what we can do,'
says he.
" 'When you ask me that you've pulled
the right bell,' says I. 'I'll tell you exact
ly what we'll do. I go for the ¦ doctor.
Savvy? Well, I bring back the minister
at the same time. Angevlne he loses the
Jersey cow over In the canebrake, and
uncle and Angevlne go hunting her, for
not even Loys Is ace high In uncle's mind
alongside that cow. The rest Is easy.
" 'Red, you're a brick— ydu'rel the" best
fellow alive,' says Kyle, nearly' squeezing
the hand off in*. -
" 'That's what I am, young man,' says
L -'If I had ten' years off my shoulders
end a little of the glow off my. hair I'd
give you a run for your alley that would
leave you breathless at the wind-up.' .
". 'I think your hair Is a beautiful color.
Red,' says Loys. 'Many a woman would
like to have it.'
" 'So It Is.' says I. 'The first art of war
Is understanding how to make a grand
sneak. Be gone. Put your marker on the
grand raffle. In other words, take the first
horse to town and get married. Ten
chances to one Jonesy will have the laugh
on you before the year is out.'
** *I don't think you are a bit nice to
day. Red,' says Loys. -
"'He's Jealous,' says Kyle. ' .
" 'Let's co out and meet 'em,' says I.
And away we went. They weren't a par
ticle surprised. I suppose they thought the
¦whole universe had stopped to look on.
\\> pump-handled away and laughed, and
Loys she laughed kind of teary, and Kyle
he looked red In the face and proud and
happy and ashamed of himself, and we all
felt loosened up considerable, but I told
him on the quiet, 'Take that fool urrinoff
your face unless you. want Uncle Jones to
drop the moment he sees you.'
"Now, they only had three day's left to
get an action on them, as that was the
time set for Loys to go. back to. college.
"Next day they held a council behind
the big barn, and they, called In Uncle
Red— otherwise known as Big Red Saun
der, or Chanta Seechee Red, which means
'Bad-heart Red," In Sioux language, and
doesn't explain me by a durn sight— to get
the benefit 'of his valuable advice.
" 'Skip,' eays I. 'Fly for town and get
married and come back and tell Jonesy
about It. -It's a pesky sight stronger ar
gument to tell him what you have done
than What you're going to do.' ¦.
'/They couldn't aulte agree with that.
They thought It was sneaky.
" 'Man! Won't he slzz!' says Bob. And
you can't blame us old codgers If we had
a laugh at that, although It was such a
powerful serious matter to the young
sters.
" 'So do I,' says I. 'and I really think
the best we could do for 'em would be to
shoot Jones.'
"They came back at sunset when the
whole, world was glowing red, the same as
they were. I reached for the field glasses
and took a eaulnt at them. There was
no harm in that, for they were well-be
haved young folks. One look at their
faces was enough. There were three of
us In the bull-pen— Bob and Wind-River
Smith and myself. 'Boys/ says I, un
der my breath^ 'they've made the riffle.'
" 'No!' says they, and then everybody
had to take a pull at the glasses.
•"Well. I'm glad,' 'says Smithy. And
darn my buttons of that old hardshell'*
voice didn't shake. "They're two of as
nice kids as you'd find In many a weary
day.' says he, 'and I wish 'em all the luck
In the world.' ,
•Well, If you ain't got all the traits but
the long ears I miss my guess,' but I
made allowances, and says I, 'Well, about
that, I don't think I ought to say'any
thing; still If I bad only one eye left
I could see plain that her education's
finished. Bhe don't want any more col
lege, that girl don't.'
" Think notr says he, bracing up. And
then, by and by, they went out to ride,
for Jonesy was good to the girl, I'll say
that for him. He was willing to do any
thing for her In reason, according to his
views. But Kyi* wasn't In them views;
he waa out of the picture as far as hus
bands went.
THE SUNDAfY iCALI*
•"By Jove P s»y» he, .the man whose
feelings ain't the least dimmed by a
broken leg—horse rolled on him, you said?
Splintered It, probably— that man Is one
. of the right sort. He'll do to tie to.'.
,"When we reached the ranch the -boys
were lined up to meet us.' ¦¦ 'Hurry along.'
they called. 'Anger cant" keep" uncle
amused all day.' : ._->.....'
"So,' we hustled. Kyle: was for being
married first, and thon haying his leg set,
but I put my foot down flat--, It had gone
long enough now, and I wash' t> going to
have him crlpping it all his life." But
the doctor worked like a man who gets
paid by the piece, and in less than no time,
we were able to call Loys In. • j . ' .
- fWlnd-Rlver Smith spoke to get to give
f. the bride away, and we let him have It.
y.' "We'd Just got settled to business when
in coma ¦¦¦ Angevine, puffing like a buffalo.
•For heaven Bakes! Ain't you finished
yetf says' he; "well, you want to be at it.
for the old man ain't over two minutes
behind me, coming fast.' I look the dis
tance in . ten-foot steps. Just my luck!
Foot slipped when* I wai. talking-' to him,
¦ and I dropped a remark - that made' him I
'•*', 1 Won't,* says he. "Oucbl Tea. I wlllt
I will!' So up ha roes, grinding his teeth.
"'I wish you every happiness,' he
grants.
v " .'Won't, yon forgive me. uncl«r l+t%
Loya. \. ... , .
-" 'Some other time; some other timer
7
A RED HAIRED
CUPID
"ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion. \. ..
Hm been ¦nooaas it.
fVjra. fullr «»*<» br lead-",
<5g?£ Ins actresses, sine-
&Z, ers and women ef
t *J fashion for more
*S fr ¦ than 23 years.
«r- / "VVherevsr applied
J ' ' It 1* Instantly ,ab-
*> : sorbed through the .
C -"*" ports of the skin, ? •
V i •-, ¦ . and Its wonderful nu-
Vji - tiitlon j faeda the
wasting- tissues. •„ .
'Zx .^'Removing Pimplasx ]¦¦ -
: £-v Y Aa lf by n«i«le.-oBe
* « * \T^Tk> ~\n application. oft*a -
lOM^W 'showing a * Mmarka-"
; • -V^ V 1 vT \l . bin Improvement. ~ '. ; i
Dr! CHARLES FLESH FOOD Is poaiUrily/ |
the ooiy prep«ratlcn known to medical'acteiic*;
that Vill round out hallows In the nee* and-
produce firm, healthy flesh on . th!a cneeits, - :
arms and hands. /¦ ¦ *. • .' \.. - \
;os Di:vEiiOPijra tscs '¦ bust l ;
Or breasts shrunken from nursing it ha* th*
highest indorsement of physicians. . Two bozea'
are often sufficient to make the bust firm.
large and beautifuL,
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.. .*'
Regular price. ?1.00 a box. but to all who - -
take advantage of this SPEC7IAL- OFFER aad a
send us one dollar we will send two (2> boxea, ;
•in plain wrapper., . -.•',.'. • • '',' »•'
Fn tt p: — A sample box and our book,"
K O t.»ART OF MASSAGE." folly U-
.lustrated. will be a«nt free to any lady ae»»dlng *
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address ;
DB. CHASLE3 CO.. 19 Puz PUe«. V«« Tark.HOT
WEATHER
EXRCISES
WITH THE
CANE
Another waist Is a mass of tueka not*
nlns up and down, with lace msartteo
oomrns; between the tucks. an4 wtth a
yoke thatU overlaid with lao» maflsnvma
with tho material cut out underneath,
This waist Is one of tho toaxpensJvt; ones*
presumably for overyday as*. •«* the,
uZ tnstxioo and the datloaer ei tha
design rob tt of all duxaWUtr.
It has •omo X» a pas* when •very
woman most be har own laundress aaj
whoa the washing ef shirt waists moat
take ttp «a* morning of «a«h weak.
Women with time on their hands aasl
mn Industrious Inclination are lnvestlnsj
In little tin wash tubs, no bigger thaa
The shirt waist Is losing Its last vestige
of usefulness and Is becoming only a thing
of luxury fit for those who wear the
things of vanity and frivolity. The new
est shirt waists, iittle things In lawn and
thin muslin, inexpensive though they be.
are not durable, for they are made with
row after row of insertion and with whole
yokes xnada of lace.
One of the prettiest ef shirt waists Is
made upon a French -pattern, which pro
vides a lace yoke la the front coming
down to a deep point At the back^here
Is a point not "auite'so deep." Tte" waist
Is buttoned down the baok. as so many
French waists are arranged, giving the
wide smooth front
The Kewest Shirt Waists.
lower "the shoulders another lota, and
then exhale and relax. >i
* Of the many other exercises that can
be devised, lunging and whirling are ex
cellent. ;•: •>*
n. Overhead gxsrnise ttpwn/l th«
arms the length of the cane and raise
It over and well back of the head. Bend
-L Bide Exercise.— Although it Is not
permissible to stop walMng whllo taking
this and all the other 'exercises, /you can
walk gently and slowly at first until the
move 'Is mastered. To execute this par
ticular movement; '. grasp the cane at or
near Its ends in the hands, fin front of
the body, and hold It down the full length
of the arms. 'Then, while walking dead
ahead,' revolve the body to one side, as
If the spine were a pivot, and swing both
arms along and as far back (as possible.
Continue for several moments trying to
turn the body aide wise, more and more;
and see to.lt that the body Is gently low
ered In the direction In.whlbh it Is -being
revolved. (Figure 1). Also be careful to
turn altemauiy to the right and left
side. ;•. Vi -;..--,., ' : ,./ .
; This Is a splendid exercise for develop-
Ins; the shoulders and the muscles of the
sides of the abdominal legion.' 'If the
neck Is twisted with' the body, the muscles
there are also strengthened, The effort
.'to hold the head In oce plaoe smv, look-
Ing forward— wUl also give beneficial nook
•xardse. ;- * " ' > t --\ y.
women. If ¦ they will remember to wear
loose or.no corsets while taking them. A
woman can use her 'sunshade with as
good results as her husband or vacation
sweetheart can obtain: from his walking
stick. V !
XV. Deep BxmtMng.— This ex*rct»e fti
of moit vital value, a* It enables Inhala
tion to be made to the fullest extant, with
everything oelL It thus tends : to ooun
taract the customary habit of breathing
with only a portion of the lungs, often a
small part at that The anas beta* bald
baok and lifted, the upper part •* th*
eheat Is depressed and the lower part *a
pandad, so that the usual dormant por
tions of the longs are thoroughly filled
with pure out-of-door air.' This exeretee
U practically useless Indoors. It must
be performed In the open and In a place
. When . the hands can , reach . no farther,
lean the upper part of the body well back,
taking care to keep cane "and . hands in
position. ' \
The. exercise 'can be varied s&d It* ben
efit* enhanced by moving the stick up
and down, and from side to side, while
the arms are still outstretched.
as If you .were endeavoring to Impale
yourself on your own walking stick, don't
mind that 'Think, only of the beneficial
results it will have on back, chest,' back
of .the shoulders, arms and the -entire
abdominal region. '
- Put the . handle of the cane In the ; pit
of I the abdomen. The other end should
be slightly higher than the handle. Reach
energetically with one hand for this end;
then try to reach beyond the first hand
with the other, and so on. (Figure S.) All
this time >keep the body, with the excep
tion of arms and shoulders, about In the
correct walking position.. .
«rlth equally beneficial effect on all parts
of the body. At the same time, it per
mits of no neglect of the legs, which Is so
tftes the case with other systems of ex-
ordinary cane, be ¦ too light, cut . a heavy .
oak stick from a handy tree, or you can "
make use of an iron rod. .' : : ¦¦_ '. '.'¦''.-.
To enhance the value of the exercises,.
¦ V- v . '. '.-. ' ¦;. > '¦¦¦' > .. . •'..'. .', -i ¦ '?¦ '¦•.' ¦ , . • '
four ; of which '. are : given : below • and are
typical- of many others that can ; be easily
studied cfot, keep walking In the line or
path before you. "Don't go from side to
side and thereby lose much of the benefit
to ; be derived by practicing them cor
rectly. '
, These exercises are peculiarly; suited to
•ne arm «ntll the other! Is extenfled out
on a level with the shoulder, v (Figure 2).
Then,' with Vboth hands tightly clasping
the cane| ; pull' hard -to ' straighten ,' the
crooked arm, and' pull V hard with the
straightened 'arm ? in ; the 'opposite direc
tion, but cot 'hard enough to prevent the
bent arm 'finally, coming out victor. Pull
the cane' from side to side until weariness
¦eta^ttt^ ';'•',-. ; : \\ ; '. . - '.;_'
The ; upper ; part r ef *the body between
the shoulders, the lower part of the neck,
the back of the arms, and the hands and
wrists are Intensely -exercised. "
III. • Stretching and i Reaching.—Al
though ; this : movement i makes It appear
where there Is not much dust, as In the
woods . or on a .- lawn, j It ' Is permissible
lnj this case to breathe \ through the
mouth, but . from ; this exercise" the per
nicious habit of mouth breathing must
jiot be contracted.*
To do the . exercise, grasp the . cane In
the hands, ' palms outward, and hold It
back of the hips, with the arms straight
and conveniently apart Then,' keeping
the arms straight, begin' to raise them to
their highest possible point* Do this with
dogged determination, ' and ¦¦ at the same
time shove down the shoulders and In
hale.' (Figure 4.) After Inhaling all you
can, make a -final effort to inhale more,
to raise the arms another -notch, and to
dish pans, and are patronizing the small
wash boards known to childhood. 'With
special soaps and with a nice blu ins
they are washing out and preparing their
own shirt waists and getting: then) ready
for the little nickel plated flat Iron, which
13 a part of every summer trunk.
The French are making a specialty of
their belts. They do not always. wear a
belt, for many of the French gowns are
cut princess shape, but when the" belt la
worn it is one of the. handsome things of
dress. Enormous slides of gold and steel
or of gold and turquoise are run upon
wide pieces of satin ribbon. The ribbon to
brought around the waist In belt fashion
and pinned In the middle of the front A
big handsome turquoise pin, or a! pin of
steel, la fastened in the middle of the
front to cover the Joining of the ribbon.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
If \ Fd)RieOt7NTRY OR ASEA5OORE. j
FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN IN
REALISTIC SURROUNDINGS.
Tbla mode of outdoor physical culture,
then) remove* the frequently raised ob
jection to tralklntr, that It does not act
ICot c a single movement will Interfere
or mar his walk. Instead, cane ex
ercise will send him who practices It back
to his tiotel or cottage relnvlgorated from
jiead to foot It' will do for the arms and
uppeppart of the body what walking does
ior the legs. It will take care of . and
healthfully -exercise those sets of muscles
that cannot be. brought into active play
by pedestrtanlsm. Therefore, cane exer
cise takes no thought of the legs, for the
legs unconsciously exercise themselves.
The Senator had bis little joke with a
fact; o a light walking cane Is the only
apparatus needed for a highly beneficial
system of open-air physical culture that
An be taken with ease by the business
man on his hot«-weather vacation, country
or seaside rambles.
a * *"pf NI> pray, why do you carry a
f \ cane 7" asked a friend of a cer
r~~j tain United States Senator,
°A» I who Is known far and wide as
* making as little physical exer
tion as possible.
"For exercise, sir," was the response,
Jokingly delivered.
(Copyright, 1303, by Anthony Barker.)
erclse, many of which make little or no
provision for securing a sturdy founda
tion to the body. " -.'.'.'
But cfi ne exercise Is valuable for an
other reason— It can be adapted to the
Individual without the slightest difficulty
and without reducing it» efficiency. It
can be made as vigorous or as mild as
suits the needs of the pedestrian, and In
any case It will be equally beneficial and
upbuilding. The strong man and the weak
each can use the system to advantage.
jj There Is not a muscle in Ue upper part
of the body that cannot be exercised by
the aid of the cane. Neck, arms, abdo
men, back, all are cared tor; and he who
earnestly uses the cane cannot help add
ing an inch or two to hls'chest's expansive
powers.
Whenever possible take the exercise*
without coat Tor hat Minus coat, the
movments will be freer; and minus hat,
the hair will be materially Improved by
the sun bath It. will get. Exercise until
the upper part of the body Is weary, and
then. If you are near %. boay of water
lake, river, stream, eea-take a dip. Since,
the pores have been opened well by ex
ercise,' the swim will act mce a massage,
cleansing the pores and giving the ikln a
healthful glow. •
Let the cans be strong. Should an
8The true hostess Is not always thinking
of - herself and If she Is Invited to * make
the fourth of ' a coaching, party thinks
f»wbora ahe abaU serre first, and thefl
•AUam as an afterthought. ."1 forgot
what you told me," thus .revealing In a
bare-faoed manner the full defects of
your establishment These mortifications
«eem rexalnlacentlally funny, but at the
time they are horribly galling, and many
a hostess trying to make a good Impres
sion on a new friend has fervently wished
that the floor would open and swallow
I her. " Anything to get out of alght and to
. abut out the amusement that is bound to
i ripple about the table no matter how. well-
Sbred your guest may be. There Is some
thing . lrrepressibl y funny . about . all . em
barrassments.itand. the wisest ; way j out of
Ht Is to* laugh at your own expense. In
variably it atarta a good fellowship that
will make the evening one to be remem
bered. "A laugh." said a wise old man,
"is worth more than gold. One will buy
companionship, but the other friendship "
And It Is true. A merry laugh has
spanned many a breach that; gold never
could hope to. ¦
It is always good policy for a hostess
to give a tea, a dance or some affair that
she can invite a great many of her friends
to. In this way she not only cancels oS*
llgatlons of her own, but makes it known
that ahe haa a friend vial ting her. >To be
sure, the people c8me and go in such per
fect streams that the poor girl couldn't
remember a tenth •. of them - to ' save her
life, and. Indeed, she Is not expected to
but there ia no excuse for others not tuck-'
ing her away In their memory and bring
ing her forth when there is a good time
on the tapis. ,
Give her a chance to entertain herself
once in a while and see what the outcome
will be. If she Isn't able to find a few
resources within herself she should have
belonged to a century or more ago and
she really Isn't worth getting a'crop of
gray hairs over, that Is, more than. once.
Dinners are always a delightful way to
gather your . friends about you, and \ they
love you devotedly if your entree Is some
thing new and your wines old enough. But
the restaurant dinner Is. commencing to
show itself as a formidable rival, and
when you stop to consider that it does not
cost any more.* that there Is absolutely no
fuss - and feather * about ¦ it, and that • all
you do is to smile and look pretty— that
evening, but not the next Bay. When you
settle the bill it is scarcely to be won
dered at. There is no cook flying Into a
rage and demanding your newest silk .pet
ticoat before she will "¦ proceed with her
work or no maid asking In a stage whis-
A visitor has a few privileges as wen
as many pleasures and tt is not kind to
drag her from one place to another when
she would give the world and all to snatch
forty winks. Your friends are not neces
sarily hers, and she can take no earthly
pleasure In calling . upon an entire
stranger, and she might" amuse -herself
nicely by reading the latest novel-if ahe
had time.
to rest. That la a "'M^^im kSnfiaejaj — **
one that happens too frequently ta many
homes. From early morning until late at
night every available moment Is planned
running hither and thither as fast as the
frocks can be suitably changed, and the
result is invariably the same cross, tired
out girls who really don't; know what they
do want. r. - • <**."
ga ui*i 11 is an unexpected opportunity for
Maud or. Mary, as. the case may be, and
she relinquishes her seat, trusting to luck
that .the young people may fancy her suf
ficiently well to make her one of their
number. . again, .for It -Is every whit as
much tho business of. a clever woman to
see that her friends do for her guest as
it. la her, duty to do for her herself, and
the brighter the woman the less falls
upon' her shoulders, and no one but her
self Is ever any the. wiser. -
i The match-making hostess Is a' subtle
piece -. humanity and she appreciates
the value of being, present to welcome a
friend with. her suave, gentle manner and
then effacing herself on the. plea of let
ter writing or something -equally. Import
ant. ? She 'vanishes at the proper moment
and she 'bobs up like an lmp^ of - Satan
¦when things are getting Interesting, for
she 'knows the importance of -holding a
v man until the silken meshes are bound
.tighter, and. tighter around him and 'un
certainty tries | his soul until he- wlll< say
*' vT^l^ou be .miner* Just to get .even with
?'.' r' tn ?t > woman who 1b always around; when
; you don't want 1 her.' V Poor deluded young"
• ...man. djdn^t realize that he /wjas.ber
* s tng4 gently led by the_nose.{ In,fa,ct; Ulke
the-: majprlty*., of ,meh.. he fanciejj*;he\was
doing something, wond'erf ujlj ycjever . In
walking away 'with' the prize. right under
the nose of her guardian. r * "": "
' The prettyish girl finds but little dif
ficulty. In making her new friends humor
her whims and Indulge her little fancies
and it is the tactful woman wh) never
lets • on • that she ; even as " much -' as sees
them. CAll girls like- their little flirtations
and . they I would be- [ paragons • of '¦ all the
virtues If they didn't^and. while it Is the
hostess' care, to see that her cues t does
not overstep the limit of conventionality,
even if she would, she need, not be a reg-
ly It Is the prerogative of every visitor
to make the most of her time.
Of course,* no- matter how trying a las
sie may. be; - no matter how she may sin
against you, and then magnanimously
forgive you the sins. It would never do ta
be other- than cool. Idly so If you ehoose.
but always mistress of yourself and of
your home. Now and then. If you are
not blessed .with a cushiony tamper. It
may be 'an. awful temptation to tell a
blowsy, brown-eyed Imp Just what you
think. of her, but politeness demands sl
'lence and it always pays better is th«
"Ions run, anyhow.
I It goes without saying that all expanse*
during .the visit are borna by tho hostess,
that Is to say. laundry, carfare, theaters,
restaurants and the things too numerous
"to even think about that bob up serenely
'and 1 manage to run Into several dollars
-without half trying. The guest cancels
all- debts— all with smiles and apprecia
tion, and while enthusiasm may seem old
fashioned and tho distinct car mark of a
country-bred rirl, It certainly pays to bo
-'vivacious and animated, for no one cares
to exert themselves In entertaining a girl
who accepts all favors as a matter of
-fact, who never winks an- eyelash and
who seems utterly and hopelessly blase.
That may be fashionable,. It may b» con
sidered good breeding and the distinctive
characteristic -of a lady, - but It utterly
falls to be satisfying and. the girl who
weighs her breeding with her common
sense will try to be natural. If things
'please her tremendously she Is apt to
'show It In her face, In her "^r>n*r and
in every movement. No one, even from
a sense of duty, cares to waste their tlm«
and -money on the desert air and shilly
shally people are a thousand times more
wearing than first-class , hot-air artists.
The hostess, at least,' has the satisfaction
of knowing that all was taken and that
Is more than can be said of the hopelessly
bored, you-can't-lnterest-me sort of folks.
.The secret of being a successful. hostess
belongs to the one. who studies and ap
propriates. It is scarcely an ' outward
polish nor yet a something from 'within,
but a combination of the two that wins
and - holds, a something that , draws
friends and that sends- a sparkling ' Trmn
of elegance and good cheer to the ends
of the earth.
ular antl-everythlng. In fact, tt la ratU
as well for h*r t» be- blind, as well as
deaf and dumb., one* In a whila. for clear-
{"T^HERE Isn't the slightest dtmbt'of a
I charming hostess' position.* Every
I one renders her homage and frankly
I '• admires her poise, her graclousness
,and her ever ready tact. . . ,
Fox; hoeu-sges th£je.f ifiust always h««
Indeeft,..frknds deserve to be ranked, -with
husbaRas.' as things ¦thaXztix&BM.ijt'ntiA&
lr.g without— or with. The womsjV Who la
rarely without a guest does not need to
be a spartan hy any manner*^* means,
a:.d r. r.t.-j It comes right down to it. she
does not deserve as much sympathy as
the ' jKK>r little soul who struggles once
or twice a year to make a guest's life en
durable end keep peace in the- family at
the- same time.
IX a friend is bidden 6he has a perfect
right to expect the common comforts of
life, but if they are not forthcoming for
seme reason or other a gentlewoman will
put up with almost any inconvenience
cheerfully and manage to receive a timely
letter that curtails her visit quite unex
pectedly. Letters are a godsend gome
times, and they do cover such a multitude
of sins in a nice, demure fashion.
Nowadays the power of a clever hostess
Is almost unlimited. She need not neces
sarily be witty, a paragon of wisdom or
even 'brilliant In conversation. Neither
may -che be beautiful; but she is always
hospitable, her forte being in greeting
others with a winning cordiality that
holds' them in a spell.
But this wlnsoxneness Is only the be
ginning. It has always been said that a
man's heart Is remarkably near his stom
ach, and if It had been remarked that a
woman's cheerfulness depended upon her
comfort It would have been equally true.
So milady has prepared the most attrac
tive ,,of guests'. chambers. In small fami
lies* it is the most natural and sensible
thing In the world to select the rooms
that are the sunniest and brightest, for
«?vetyday home use, but that does not
necessitate that the spare room need be a
perfect fright of ugliness, practically
enough to give one the nightmare to sleep
In It. Every old piece of furniture that is
too f lumsy. too marred or in the way Is
promptly put out of sight, and the first
thing, you know the room that has been
cbose.n to be a friend's home for a timo
is aji uncomfortable jumble of hideous
ness. . .
In this day of pretty and Inexpensive
furnishings there Is no excuse for Impos
ing;* en the generosity of our friends' feel
irijrs, A white enamel bed costs bat a few
dollars, a dressing table and a bureau of
osk are rood and endurable, and at this
time of weathered woods cost many pen
nies less than anything else that repre
sents as good money value.
There are always enoujrh bargain sales
to rfck tip mull enough for curtains and
they are soft and dainty, adding oh! so
much to a room. Ard pictures. Shoulder
the unsightly ha!r wreath prized because
mother's Bister made It, and march with
It** to* basement and don't stop until you
havf- put It face forward In the darkest
conjer. Heavens! That any benighted
sou! could in her wildest moments Inflict
any "other mortal so. Three or four dainty
pictures are worth a dozen family por
traits and odds and ends that are handed
down from one generation (to another as
a punishment for we don't know what.
Really this heirloom business Is an awful
nuisance, for we can't with decency
throw away a crayon a hundred years old
and. we can't wltlfany semblance # of de
cency keep It about. So there you are. .
The hostess who has the comfort of her
guests at heart will proTide a desk and
eee that It Is fitted with Ink. pecs and
such materials us are necessary ana con
venient. It is the easiest thing to forget
paper when leaving home, and to be .cour
teous invitations should be answered Im
mediately.
While a clock Is not essential, It Is the
wise woman who takes particular car* to
e*e that each and every spare room is the
possessor of a small time piece, ostensi
bly for ornamentation, but really In order
that there may be no good reason for all
not being: on time for meals.
Of course, It Is imperative that toilet
articles should be on the dressing table,
but It Is a pretty bit of thoughtfulness to
•ee that the toilet water Jug with its
sweets ess Is at hand and to remember
that the powder box does not look well
empty. Soap and an abundance of towels
need scarcely be mentioned, but all these
co a long way toward the making of *
cozy room.
Graclousness and cordiality are the first
and comfort the second part of die secret
of hospitality.
After the wear and tear of the journey
axe removed It is high time to think, of
axausementa, but never plan so many out-
Ings that it gives no one an opportunity
ETIQUETTE OF A
HOSTESSi For ;¦ the ¦ average figure considerable
space Is given the front to a point near
the lower end of the steel hooks, and this
arrangement Increases the freedom of the
torso muscles.! Not only is It perfectly
easy to slip - the hand l down the ; front
quite t» the lower end of the corset, but
you can trt them so that the steels art
inal support has resulted In producing any
number of - flat backs. This necessitates
the ' wearing of , a bustle ' or pad and no
matter how small' they may be \ they are
always warm and more ' or less heavy.
To be absolutely healthy the less weight
one carries .about the better, especially
on the small of the back.
late. ;-.;.S ; v
Of course, this does not mean that the
straight front Is going to be abandoned.
It Is quite possible with the best cut cor
set to give the long front and the straight
lines at the side toward the front, and
yet have a little curve at the waist.
One splendid thing in the new corset Is
Its decided spring in the front, so that
the diaphragm and lower ribs have plenty
of room for expansion and curve without
any confining pressure. The steels down
the front are just stiff enough to serve
their purpose and from there to the back
there is not a sign of a bone or cord, so
you can readily imagine bow limber and
loose they are.
It Is perfectly comfortable and cozy
without being eloppy. In fact. It is in
every sens«f an easy stay that any woman
may wear and feel as trim in as she
would In her very best Sunday one. There
is no negligee sensation such as there
Is apt to be when only a ribbon girdle is
worn. In place of that there is a snug
ness and a fitness that Is a great relief
as well as a feeling of ease.
The back of this new boon Is cut rather
low above the waist and Quite high below,
so that there Is a very pretty curve from
the long hip to the lacings. There Is just
one fault to find with the straight front
corset, and that Is the pulling In of the
front so that It may answer as an abdom-
was not made up of fifty-eleven bones,
girded with several steels and cords, was
nothing that resembled a corset or that
could be used for a single instant. Un
less it was the regulation vise it was abso
lutely no good at all. So far as the ribbon
girdles were concerned they were light
and dainty, but you might Just as well go
without one at all as to wear the pretty
bauble— that Is, so far as any support waa
concerned. .
The new athletic stays are usually made
of white coutllle, and they are cut almost
exactly on the lines of the approved street
models. They have the long dip over the
hips, with the upward curve toward the
front, which comes to ever so slight a
point directly over the abdomen. One
radically new thing about them Is that
they have not the long front straight, as
a board, so that the figure looks as thick
at the waist as it docs at the largest part
of the hips. A slight curve is natural,
and it is far more lovely than a straight
line; and it may be as well to mention
that this season will see the" return of this
curved waiat line, but Just how soon it
will reach this coast remains to be seen.
Paris sets the fashions, and they travel
slowly to New York and from there out
here, so that no matter how we strive to
keep up with the times we always seem
to be anywhere from six months to a year
It has taken time and a great deal of
patience and experimenting' to finally ar
rive at anything satisfactory In the corset
problem, the women themselves being one
of the most eerious obstacles,- for their
main Idea eeemed to be that a corset that
The new straight front corset looks so
much like Its elster. vise that you could
r.ever see any difference without Inspect
ing it closely. The great pity bf.lt Is that
so far they are not to be found In all
chops, and the better ones are ordered by
your number.
The Bllm. girlish girl is far better off. in
fact, Ehe does not need any consideration
at all. for she looks Just about as trim
and neat In a tight-fitting corset cover as
she would In a heavy boned affair and ehe
can bend, twist and turn to her heart's
content without being hampered In the
slightest.
On the other hand, the fashionable
stars. If they are cut well, are possessed
of good lines— even doctors \ agree that
they ere the least harmful that have so
far been designed, but even though they
do admit of so much freedom and liberty
above the waist line they are so heavily
boned, steeled and stitched about the hips
and over the abdomen that they are ren
dered far from suitable for the swinging
of clubs, of a tennis racket or a golf club.
What Is wanted Is a corset that conforms
to prevailing modes while at the same
time tt remains light and flexible, and In
response to the numerous demands for an
article of this kind there Is now offered a
novelty In which may be found all the
Qualities perfectly blended.
Hitherto Ehe has taken to girdles,
which are suited to only t: i slender fig
ures, or else Ehe has put on her«ordlnary
corset and let It out at the hips and waist
until she could bend with absolute free
dom, but even then the front steels,
which are long and stiff, were always Jab
bing her and giving gentle hints that
they were not to be forgotten.
Both these arrangements have their de
cided disadvantages, however, especially
for the girl whose bones are •well covered
with flesh. A girdle is nothing more than
a belt to hang her eklrt bands from and
there Is not the faintest suspicion of a
straight front in all Its rows of dainty
ribbon and lace.
The contrivances of the summer girl
have been so numerous that at first they
were funny, but they even passed the
comic etage and grew Into something pa
thetic and almost tragic. The girl who
cares enough for eports to give up her
beauty sleep certainly cares enough for
her personal appearance not to resemble
a first-class meal bag. Ehe knows full
well that it Is all very smart to be per
fectly devoted to golf, tennis or rowing,
but she likewise understands the full
value of looking chic and at her best.
The lassie of this generation has not lived
her twenty summers rt>r naught.
For the very first time on record peace
has been established. We now have the
pliable, easy straight front that is adapt
ed to the needs of the athlete.
*y~t 6 every girl who loves the outdoor
f I eporta knows, corsets and athletics
f— 1 have long been on unfriendly terms
V» I with each other. For some strange
reason, not entirely understood by
those who devote a part of every day to
athletics, the designers of feminine har
ness have made little or no study of a
ccrset suitable for euch exercise, and
they certainly have made no effort to
combine the straight front with the free
dom of movement required In playing
golf and tennis. .
A clever little Idea In the . trimmings of
corsets is the introduction of flowers,
small blossoms, of course, such as forget
me-nots on a light moire, lilies of the val
ley on a white batiste or almond blossoms
on pink satin. If you don't think such a
combination Is smart try It yourself and
find out whether or not you like the
effect.. .You certainly can afford a pale
pink fcatlste without a vestige of trim
ming. Then hie yourself to the nearest
shop and Invest in some small flowers
that take your eye, a bit of ribbon to
match or to be a direct contrast, and nut
"v, 011 ta at ot your ablIlt y- Prob
ably you will be surprised at the pleaain*
effect yourself, for it rarely fails tode
2Sm«£Sd. no5t BtaM »* •£<£¦
For the very slender girl, who alone can
wear one of the fragile things without
looking unprotected and undressed, a r.pw
and popular cut has Just come in. The
girdle comes to Just a suggestion of a
point in front, while the back is cut off
square and so straight up and down as to
Invariably punch the wearer under the
shoulder. At Intervals there are strips of
cream or white batiste stiffened ever so
little with thin bones, and these upright
bands are held together by means of nar
row ribbons, which run around from the
front eteels to the back ones. The ribbons
are run underneath the batiste and end at
the front In a fluffy bow. "Where no
weight Is wanted on the hips, not even
the support of the skirts, a narrow piece
of batiste— for durability — covered with
colored ribbon is fastened from the
shoulder pieces and comes to the front,
where It is fastened with tiny safety
pins. The pins may not look as well as a
silk eyelet, but they are by far the most
serviceable thing that has been found as
yet, and they permit of changes without
the least trouble, a thins greatly to be
desired In such a garment.
Strange as It may seem, there has been
but little demand for fancy fabrics and
dainty trimmings. There is always a flat
band of lace around the top of even the
plainest corset, and this Is drawn down
to a deep narrow point In front to give an
air to the affair of steel and bones. This
wee bit of trimming seems Quite enough,
for one 'seldom associates ornamentation
with vigorous exercises.
Girdles always have been and probably
always will be far more elaborate, as the
foundation Itself Is generally of moire silk
or satin In some delicate tint, fastened
under the bust with a pretty chou of rib
bon and lace.
This model ' does not confine anywhere.
and It Is not long enough to Interfere in
the many free movements of any of the
outdoor games. No woman, be she young
or old, wants to look other than trim, and
every one will be quick to appreciate the
advantages of the newest try In the favor
of athletics— comfort and trimnesa.
held away from the ribs by means of a
¦oft lace or curled hair pad mads In ti«
shape of a heart. •
Not until you have worn one tn your
sport will you ever be able to realize the
wonderful amount of liberty that Is yours.
You may bend forward, backward cr to
the side without the least feeling 1 , of re
straint, yet at the same time be con
scious of a pleasing feeling and know
within yourself that you are presenting
a trig appearance. Don't be afraid that
the unboned portion will wrinkle with
each movement, for that Is really so and
It would be strange If It didn't, but It
curls up but slightly on account of the
gentle pressure of the garters, which are
fastened to the direct front and sides,
Jiut as they are to all corsets.
By the way, garters are as much a fea~
vure' of the athletic corset as they are of
any other kind, and Just because there
are two sets of them that fasten just
over the hips and In front does not signi
fy that you are about to be harnessed up
In an uncomfortable manner. The elas
tics serve to hold the stays down, and
the stockings up and do not In any way.
add stiffness to the original pliability.
The girl who rides a great deal will ap
preciate what this new corset means, for
she has found it utterly Impossible to ride
with her ordinary apparel. For such uses
the front steel la a little shorter, but the
main departure 1% In the size of the hip*.
The right side, which Is always higher
when on the horse. Is made somewhat
larger than the left, but It has the same
long unboned curve that Is so character
istic of the golf, tennis and hockey glrL
THE SUNDAY OAIili.
THE ATHLETIC GIRL'S
NEW CORSET
10of the little nothings that go such a long
way. toward the making of a dainty
luncheon.
For . people like the Crockers, * the
Bcbwerlns and the Martins, who spend
most of their time at Bllngum, the basket
for four is much more used, and Its fill
ing has been reduced to a science.
"Hello. Private Exchange L This is the
Hobarts' place. Fill that 'automobile'
for four and . send it on the five train.
Yes, a regular lunch. Make It a good
one. Good-by." And that's the art. of
picnic concocting.
San Rafael isn't far enough away to
have been left out, and there are a multi
tude of haunts that must have been
made for this precise reason. Of all her
enthusiastic devotees Mrs. Charles ,K.
Harley probably holds the palm, for there
is : scarcely a week that Miss Julia de
Laveaga and Miss Ruth Gedney fall to'
trip over bound for the woods. In run
abouts and on sturdy cobs the ' cavalcade
Journeys to the allotted spot and a lazy
peaceful day is. before them.
In less than two and a half minutes a
feast ; fit to set before the king is yours
for the asking, so la It any wonder that
outings are distinctly the order of the
day? vThe only, wonder Is that folks were
so slow in finding out how much fun
they ¦ were .missing, ' but ,Just now to be
executing the proper caper, you and your
friends really must make : up for lost
time.
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McCIure.)
. ¦ —^ j r was 7 o'clock Monday
I*V?e5[5=|3s5^ morning and the smoke
3t Louizy Cotton
sSJsjqH fc%2i wood's wash fire In the
'IIk/P^H t> ac k yard was thread
l /kWHw*S l ln|r lts blue haze lnt0
jjv^rjf™^-^ the fresh, early air.
L«JMBMMaiL4l Loulzy'a father, Ly
man Cottonwood, striking out 'cross lots,
lagged a little while he started his trfter
breakfast cob pipe, i His gaze'dweit rumi
natively upon the big ash hopper a few
moments, then traveled back to the form
of his daughter Just appearing' from the
smoke-house with «a tub In her arms.
"Louizy," said ;lrer , father, leaning an
elbow on a corner of" the hopper, "I was
goin' to tell you, an* furgot, the Wtdder
Pepper's a-comin' up to-day fer a basket
o' windfall spy apples to make dumplln's,
an' I gotter be at Harris's all day helpln*
thrash. Tou show 'erV where the s^>od
ones is at— an* - don't you sass 'er none;
y'understand?" . V. .
"I ain't carin' how many spy apples
she 'gathers. : Reckon % apples wasn't the
.only thing you an* her was settlln' about.
¦ yes'day evenin'." ,
,"Wull.'\ Lyman looked off slantwise
across the hopper, "I got 'er penned up es
closte es you ever kin pen a woman. The
darned contrary birds won't never give
you' a , square-out ¦' *yes* till ' atter the
t preacher's . sent fer. But you kin count
on havln' a etepma before pumpkins is
ripe." ,
" "I wouldn't think.' then, paw/' Louizy '¦
voice became mildly, reproachful, "seein*
how; happy you're ; a-going" ... to be, you'd ;
begrutch me— an 1 — an'— Sam — -"
Her father came up from hla lounging
attitude with a Jerk. -•
...... - ¦
MRS. PEPPER'S TACTICS
By Harriett WHitney.
sitting meekly In the shadow of an "au
tomobile" that brings half a hundred.
My! what an opportunity to flaunt and
frill and to put on airs gradually, yet
when it comes right down to it the tin
pall should have right of way; undeniably
it was here first.
The worklngman probably needed a full
pall first and more than any one else, and
he needed quantity and not quality.' Nine
times out of ten a newspaper with four
or five immense slices of bread, some
boiled meat and a flask of cold tea was
plenty good enough for him and he prided
himself on getting out of carrying any
thing but the flask home.
Next the school children, who rode sev
eral country miles to school.' clamored for
lunches and they demanded something
that could be fastened on so th^y could 1
go flapping along their way, running
races and rejoicing generally. .Necessity
is the mother of invention," so '.Mrs.
Rancher promptly converted the smallest
lard pail that came into- her 4gt nds Into
the needed article. If the pail weighed ten
pounds she wasn't in the least daunted,
and by the time she had . cut it down,
dressed it up with a new handle, it
didn't know Itself. The color didn't make
any difference and the flaming red adver
tisement was allowed to stay where it
was. but the other side was duly decorat
ed with Its owner's name and many a free
fight averted in this way.
But when one has an automobile to
glide about in and nothing on earth to do
but seek pleasure it alters the case de
cidedly. Now, don't It?
One of the first girls in town who had
a basket fitted to her nifty runabout was
Miss Alice Hager, who, by the way.- al-.
ways has everything that is worth a
bean. She sees It, longs for It a moment
and it is hers.
Of course," there are baskets and bas
kets. That Is, all sizes and fitted up In
various wares and ways, but there Is Just
one that boasts of a table.
For a Jolly spin of Just two— one of
those . little impromptu affairs where a
chaperon la distinctly and decidedly in
the way— nothing could be more conven
ient than a small "automobile,'.' yet suffi
ciently commodious to suffice - for two
hungry campers.
The "lid carries two spoons— although
one has been known to do— two knives,
two forks and a matchbox. In the very
center of the basket there is a spirit
stove and kettle and Just behind it a white
tray, two plates and two saucers. In one
corner there Is a fair sized bottle for
milk br wine, a flask of alcohol and a cou
ple of cups. Just opposite are three tin
compartments, one for bread or, biscuits,
another for fried chicken, while the other
¦ervea admirably for potato chips or any
"Louizy Jane Cottonwood, how many
times I gotter tell you that's dlffrunt?
Now, listen yer.e"— he ticked off his points
with -the forefinger of his right hand In
the spread of his palm of the left — "I told
you the whutfors an' whysos\yes'day, an*
that's nuff said. An' now listen at this:
Ef I don't find Bam Dorklns at Harris'
thrashin' to-day, it's a sign he's" over
yere, an' ef he Is, you'll see me back, an'
you'll see me bounce Sam over the fence
into the bresh quick enough to Jolt his
ears crooked.' NoW mind whut I've
told ye."- .
Louizy shed so many tears over her
wash that morning that when the fat lit
tle Widow Pepper came' with her basket
she cast many sharply inquisitive glances
at the red rims of the forlorn maiden's
eyes.
"Looky here, Louizy Cottonwood," said
she at length, as the two trudged up to
the orchard, "you ain't been actln' the
baby 'cause you paw wants to marry
agin— hev ye?"
Louizy shook her head.
"I wouldn't care a speck If he married
to-morrow, if he'd have the manners to
leave me an' . Sam Dorklns alone."
'."Humph,", said the widow, "whut's. he
lay in' up against Sam?"
J'Nothin' pertickler, but he 'lows there's
no sense of me marryln* fer half a dosen
years er so. He's countin' on takln' a
lot of city folks to ' board of summers,
after you an' him are married.' an' he
says two women' 11 be needed to cook fer
'em." <
"Tou don't know paw," said she uls
mally. ¦ •* :
"Couldn't more than kill ye. could her*
"Some folks' tongues is worse ¦ than
killin."" ..'¦""•¦'•'•
The widow trudged: forward In silent
self-communion, which lasted until . they
reached the' northern • spy : apple .tree.
Louizy began to fill the basket with the
bright streaked 'windfalls, but Mrs. Pep
per plumped herself down comfortably
Into the clover.
"Sam Dorklns Is goin' on forty.** said
she, meditatively. "He's a sight nlgher
to my age than yours." .
Louizy paused suddenly In her task and
looked questlonlngly at the- widow.
"Oh, I was Jest a-thinkln'." the latter
observed carelessly, biting Juicily into a
big apple, "me an' Sam was allers good
friends. Better stop now, Louizy; that's
many es I kin pack."
• ¦-"• ¦ '¦• :'.. e
Lyman Cottonwood • was In the narrow
lane between his turnip field and his
tobacco patch, stopping a gap In th«
fence, when a thudding of feet on the
mellow earth drew his attention. A
broad-shouldered fellow was swinging
briskly along with an ax on his shoulder.
"Hello, Unc* Lyme," he hailed cheer
fully. ¦¦¦ •
••"Here, yon. Bam Dorklns." Lymaa
barred hla way with belligerent elbows.
"This yere lane's a private one. ef you
want to know It: an' you've cotter -keep
'way from Louizy Cottonwood— whether
you want to know It er not"
"I ain't a-goln' to tote the lane off.
with me. ner Louizy, neither. I wasn't
aimin' to stop yere; didn't know es I'd
spile the lane goin* through It to the
Widder Pepper's." .
"Widder Pepper's," bawled Lyman.
frantically, "whut business you goin*
anywhere nigh" the Widder Pepper?"
"Come, now. Uncle Lyme," grinned
Sam, "don't hev a fit. Reckon I kin go
chop a little stove wood fer a grood
lookln" widder without you floppln" up
like a sky rocket. I've knowed the wid
der a-many a year."
"I don't keer a con-taked turnip Mad,
whut you've knowed," foamed Lyman.
"The widder kin git stove wood without
you a-cuttin" It. Lou' take'n* let that wid
der alone, er you shuck off yer coat an*
watch out fer me."
"Sure now," returned • Sam, "yon know
I'm a younger man'n you, Uncle Lyme;
better not be too biggotty. Tou may think
you're the only speckled bean in the hill,
but wldders is notionated an' kin fly
about t'other way ea easy es a Cap-Jack.
An' the country's free, ea I've heard say.
There's no statute that says two . men
shan't spark one widder; an' I reckon my
chances Is good es yourn, ef I choose to
stake 'em right hearty. Ton kin fence
me off from Louizy, but you can't feno*
me off from the widder."
"I kin send you flyin* over them rails***
declared Lyman. wrathfuUy.
"Well, now, I ain't right shore ifd %»
good policy to tackle the Job," said SOa
argumentatively. "Tou got right smart
of rheuma.tlz, ye know, Uncle Lyme; y«
might pitch me over— an* y« mightn't.
Now. I'll tell you whut; the widder** lit
need of stove wood. I shall go there an*
cut It fer h«r an' stay to supper, *r*ls«
I'll loan you my ax an* leave you r> cut
the wood fer her, an" I'll go in an' tali
to Louizy a spell. Which'll It bet"
Lyman leaned against the rail fence, his
brain whizzing with new battery ideas.
The desirability of the widow had In
creased tenfold since this bold rival had
proclaimed himself so determinedly.
What was Louizy in comparison? The
ideas came to a focus. He stepped for
ward resolutely.
"Han* over, the ax,** he said briefly, ?'an*
go 'long in. Loulzy*s lronln'. Tou an*
her kin be es big fools es you want.**
When Mrs. Phoebe Pepper, looking from
her doorway, saw Mr. Lyman Cottonwood
coming up the walk with Sam's ax on his
shoulder her black eyes sparkled with
fun.
"I lowed that would fetch Lyme. ef
Sam worked It all right." she said, "an*
mighty rucky thing for Louizy Cotton
wood her futur stepmaw*s got a leetl*
grain o* gumption, seein* Louizy don't
know no more'n a goslln how to tend to
her own love affairs." KSflj
•"Y OCIETT has taken to picnicking.
Like plain ordinary folks they sud-
V~ 1 denly found that a day spent In
N-*' the woods was worth two In the
house and with one accord are
' straightway contending uith i>ne another
to see who can give the simplest yet most
elaborate luncheon. Strange as It may
set-m in this particular case, sweet sim
•plicity and studied elaborations go hand
In hand and for once make a mighty fine
team.
For the new dinner rail is a thing to
rejoice exceedingly over, that Is, this
newest and this latest that has been es
pecially concocted for those who are
blessed with long pocketbooks, for verily
they are brim full when entirely empty.
There was a good old time when people
didn't lose much sleep over the nature of
the receptacle for their lunch. The main
Idea was that there ehould b* plenty of
It. and the plenty didn't signify, by the
"way, all sorts and conditions of delicacies
and tempting bits, but Just the very
plainest kind of food.
But when the smart set took to epend
lns; days In the woods It meant that
something was doing In the # lunch Una
and when automobile parties* were made
up right and left there was felt the dis
tinct need of a basket that could be
tucked away out of sight and that would
dispense with the thousar d and one nui
sances that have always been deemed
necessary.
When Mrs. Burton Harrison (nee
Crocker) came out here on a Jaunt the
very first thing ehe did was to send notes
to her friends asking them to meet her
in the morning and when the dozen or
more arrived one at a time and In twos
and threes she promptly packed them
Into traps and ln\-aded one of the pretty
cpots that are so numerous about Del
Monte.
For a whole day ehe had them to her
aelf and they visited to their hearts' con
tent, every now and then stopping to re
fresh the mortal man. for while picnics
are all right In their way it Is what goes
with them that has made them so terribly
popular.
However. as it hapens Mrs. Harrison
didn't have to drop In here from New
port to j= tart this round of outings.
Mrs. Will Tevis invited some London
friends to visit Yosemite with her and in
lookl.ig about for the necessary camping
outfit her eye fell upon what is termed
the "automobile" lunch basket, and In an
Instant ehe grasped Its possibilities.
The largest, and the one she carried
throughout the day, is a perfect basket.
To all outward appearances it is an ordin
ary hamper, looking more like a steamer
trunk than anything else, but Just wait
until that fastened cover Is raised—
a Jack-in-the-box couldn't or wouldn't sur
prise one more. All neatly folded and
packed away are the requisites of a meal.
On top is an oblong wooden piece that
develops et presto! change! and a
simple twist of the wrist into a table
quite large enough for four. It stands
en Its braced legs that fold under it and
Is perfectly firm and substantial.
That in Itself seems to make everything
comparatively simple; at least, there is
a definite place to put things. Just under
it the white and red tablecloths with the
napkins are folded, and then the Im
promptu board Im quite ready for active
business.
As the cover swings back on Its hinges
leather V ra » s kee *> lt trom upsetting
plates § cups and saucers, knives, forks
and spoons that fit and are strapped se
curely to their respective places.
Inside the basket Is divided Into va
rious compartments. For Instance, one
end contains a spirit stove over which
swings and sways a brass kettle, the fin
est kind of a coffee brewer and the alco
hol flask is near at band, always ready
to replenish.
A heavy white Jar labeled "butter." and
another with "Jam" on its cover match
the tea. coffee, rait and pepper boxes to
•ee that they don't get into mischief, and
the tin biscuit box is quite near enough
to hear all the latest gossip about mila
dy's and milord's table manners.
Education makes all the difference in
the world, you know, and Ionic before
this hlch toned basket left the factory
It had loaded It over the lesser and plain
er ones and given them lessons In all
kli'is of etiquette,
ifency the modest little 15-cent tin pail
THE SUNDAY CAMi.
THE EVOLUTION OF THE
DINNER PAIL
11¦ / y_ ¦ T . Is a strange thing that In th« Western part of the United States there are »•
. l^pJKfiBSS^'/?! many peaks 14,000 feet and slightly over. For instance, in Dr. Garnett's Dictionary
KU^!*Bfift!l,>F of A 11 " 151163 , published in 1599 by the United States Geological Survey, the height of
V^^HKgjf I Mount Rainier is given as 14.526 feet. Mount Shasta In California as 14.3S0 feet and
"ilP^II^vSr! Mount Whitney 14,838 feet. In Colorado there are a number of peaks that exceed 14,-
I °°° feet Tbe 1 " 1 ' measured by the Coast and Geodetic Survey, appears to be Un
i/^^^^w|] conpahgre, 14,289 feet. Pike's Peak is given by the same authority as 14,103 feet.
JjjBj^wii^feryQ The dear people of Washington, Oregon, Nevada and a few of the other West
ern States, thought they had peaks much higher than Mount Whitney, so It should be very gratifying
to California that this magnificent mountain Is the top of the United States; that Is, of course, exduoV
Ing Alaska.
It is a remarkable fact that n» mountain of this class has been measured as often or as accurately
as Mount Whitney, but it must be remembered, as with all other mountains, subsequent measurement*
generally reduce the figures given at first. This seems strange, indeed, though the present accuracy U
due, of course, almost solely to more refined methods of measurements.
The formula now used for the barometrical reduction takes Into account differences In the tempera
ture of the whole air column and get a truer mean value than formerly. For the benefit ef the unsden
tlflo It might be explained that the mean temperature is the average from the bottom to the top of th«
air— not the temperature at any one point. Thus It may be very warm at the bottom— say 90 degree**
and very cold at the top— say BO degrees. The mean temperature would therefor© be the average b*
tween the two extremes.
The atmosphere Is the earth's Jacket It Is its whole wardrobe. Its only garment. At night, wlies
the earth pulls the blankets around us, it draws the clouds down. By day the covers are thrown oft
The depth of this atmosphere used to be given at forty miles, but It Is known now to be less than hall
If the air were uniformly dense we would only have to go five miles high to get the upper limit,
but of course it la not. It keeps on getting rarer and rarer as five miles high to get to the upper limit.
be given it Is very likely that above fifteen miles there Is no appreciable atmosphere.
These are Important points for you to remember. As you doubtless know the barometer is an In
strument for determining the pressure of the air, and of course the pressure Is greatest at the bottom
of the atmosphere. Our atmosphere is made up of oxygen and nitrogen gases, a little argon and a
food deal of water vapor down at the bottom. Above 8000 feet there Is not very much water vapor,
though, at times, a certain amount will be carried up .above that limit.
Now at the bottom of the atmosphere the pressure has been found to be sufficient to balance a col.
cmn of mercury In vacuum 30 Inches high. As you go up In the atmosphere the pressure, the eiastlf
pressure, of these gases becomes less and less, but not at a uniform rate.
Thus In San Francisco the barometer will fall one Inch for about 1000 feet and the barometer o*>
Mount Tamalpias, which Is 2500 feet high, will read 27H Inches, while at the same time the barometer
at the Weather Bureau In the Mills building will read SO Inches. But when you ret up to a height
of 10,000 feet you then have to go about 1200 feet before the barometer will fall one Inch, and this le
one reason why Aneroid barometers can only give general results because they hare a fixed scale
like a watch dial. . ¦'.
' Thus in going to the extreme height of Mount Whitney the barometer fell to 17 inches and a frac
tion, indicating that 13-30 of the whole atmosphere was below us. Half of the atmosphere would hart
bum below us at 18,000 feet.
Now Just think what that means. The pressure of the whole atmosphere at sea lerel Is 15 pound*
to the square inch, or 2160 pounds to the square foot and when the man who writes editorials for the
newspapers says we are living under high pressure he is quite right. We are living under terrifically
high pressure.
Allowing ten square feet of surface on the human body there Is a constant total pressure of ten tons
upon us. Of course we would be crushed by the weight of that pressure upon us were It not equally
distributed. At the top of Mount Whitney we had reduced that pressure' to about six tons, but we
did not know it, because as at sea level it was equally distributed. Our lungs, however, had to do more
,work to get the usual supply of oxygen.
The work of measuring the mountain Itself was a serious task, for which the most minute and
complete preparations had to be made to guard against the possibility of a fluke of any sort. The gen
tlemen who made up the surveying party proper that accompanied the Sierra Club on Its outlnjr to
Mount Whitney were Dr. G. K. Gilbert of the United States Geographical Survey, who came from
Washington to take part in the work; Professor Lawson of the Department of Geology at the Univer
sity of California; Marsden Manson of the Board of Public Works. Joseph N. Le Conte, who
is the boss mountaineer of the whole lot, and myself. Professor Plnchot of the Department of Ag-rlcul
ture and Dr. Merriam were expected, but could not go.
The barometers carried in the party were a small mountain barometer, the property of the Univer
sity of California, which was the same Instrument u«ed by Carl Rabe in 1873 when the first measure
, ment of Mount Whitney was made. The other barometer, the one shown in the photographs herewith,
is a full size standard instrument, about 35 Inches long, with verniers reading to the .003 of an Inch,
This instrument also belongs to the University of California and was kindly , loaned for this expedition
by Professor Leuschner of the Students' Observatory. This Is also a historical Instrument, as It U
believed to have been used by Professor Brewer over twenty years ago. It was tested of course as
the Weather Bureau previous to the start and again when we returned to be sure that It recorded the
atmospheric conditions accurately. And in a journey of over one hundred and twenty-five miles, wbi«a
distance we had to walk. I carried it every step of the way without doing It as much Injury as I did
in the short trip to the photograph gallery to get these pictures taken.
Our barometer on top of Mount Whitney on July 8 read 17.0652 inches at 64 degrees, and 10 on for
eight observations, not varying from first to last more than .00022 of an inch. These readings were made
'every half hour between 9 and 1 o'clock. First- 1 would read It and check it off. then Mr. La Conte
would do likewise. In this way neither knew what the other's reading was until w* compared notes.
In addition to this he took the triangulatlon with a new transit, the most perfect ever mads, which
tte bad just bought for this occasion.
Now at the same time that we were making our measurements on the top of Whitney one of th»
observers in the Weather Bureau at Independence, 11,000 feet below us, was reading bis barometer at
the same minute. Just think of It, he was twenty miles away, but we looked right down upon h*"S
qtdte as one might look from the top of the Mill* building down into Montgomery street. At the
same minute, too, comparative readings of the barometer were being? made In San Francisco and la
Fresno, so that we should have a record of what was taking place at sea level, because If the pressure
of the atmosphere was rising at sea level it would not be fair to Mount Whitney, as It would main
Mount Whitney read high. On the other hand if the barometer was low at sea level It would noafcj
Mount Whitney read too low. As a matter of fact the barometer at sea level during the hours of our
observation on top of the mountain ranged from 30.08 to 30.02 Inches, or very nearly normal. Thus wt
were enabled to make our computations without any difficulty whatever. Taking the difference between
the pressure at sea level and .the registered pressure at the top of Mount Whitney and allowing- foi
the graduated scale of the fall as the ascent was made and we have Mount Whitney's actual height,
which I have set down as 14,515, instead of being several hundred feet higher, as set' forth in earlier.
f ¦- -*
nipi
Professor A. G., McAdie Adjusting His Barometer.
as the party began work on the summit.
As the present has now been made Mr.
Le Conte can afford to laugh with the
others at his scientific ardor and preoccu
pation.
Professor; McAdie with his characterls-
tio reticence cannot be Induced . to say
much about his part In this important ex
pedition, but In another column he has
dictated a brief account of what was ac
complished, showing, in a simple, direct
way how a mountain is measured, which
will be a revelation to a vast number of
people who are constantly singing the glo
ries of California without knowing; what
they really are.
vator shaft at Independence over twenty
miles away.
And it was on such a hazardous Jaunt
as this that Professor McAdie carried the
huge barometer shown on this page, step
by step every foot of the way. from the
Weather Bureau on top of the Mills build-
Ing in this city to the topmost point of
the United States and back again to the
Mills building without a single accident.
It Is a feat to be proud of. for carrying
a barometer is a more delicate and nerve
racking ' task than carrying a three
months' old baby the same distance. The
slightest jar, a sudden slip of only a cou
ple of feet, is sufficient to break the glass
and scatter mercury, like limpid moon
beams In a hundred crevices. Moreover it
has to be carried inverted, the bulb end
on top, " straight up and down, without
change or variation or the angle, hour
after hour, day after day of the whole
twenty-two days that were consumed In
making. the journey. For a single viola
tion of this ironclad rule. the only other
barometer in the party was broken soon
after the descent was begun.
Thus it was that Professor McAdie was
kept on the anxious seat throughout. the
entire trip. Bundled up in its wooden
and canvas case the barometer looks
like heavy-weight fishing tackle, and:
everybody in the party seemed possesed
of an insane desire to relieve the-pro
fessor of his precious burden. Ladles
especially would approach him and say:
"So sorry, professor, to see you so over-"
loaded. Can I relieve you on that leather
case?" -
But the famous weather man, with all
his hopes of settling a much mooted ques
tion, staked upon keeping that long, 80
inch' column of shining liquid Intact
would shy off like a school girl and grip
the barometer closer than ever until his
vigilance, upon which all the. success of
the expedition actually depended, was
strained to the point of distraction.
Thus crawling across the snow of. the'
That makes this peak nearly 400 feet
lower than everybody thought it was a
couple of months ago, and now that you
have it you may not think much of the
information. However, when you learn
something of the heroic qualities involved
In finding out that single fact — and facts
like this are worth knowing— your opin
ion may be exalted in Just the reverse
ratio of Mount Whitney's decrease.
To begin with, it was a record breaking
party of more than 200 members of the
Sierra Club that left this city to explore
Mount Whitney and vicinity on June 25
last, and in It were many ladles, all ready
and eager to brave the dangers and hard
ships of mountain climbing: And dan
gers and hardships there were a plenty
before nearly 100 of them— the greatest
number that ever made such an ascent
at one time— reached the top of America's
highest mountain.
From this city the party proceeded to
Vlsalla by rail and thence to Mineral
King by stage. From there on there was
nothing for it but to walk and walk and
walk— a good 123 miles in all. before the
round trip back to the stage was com
pleted. First across the high ridge
through Farewell Pass to Bullion Flat
and thence to Coyote Creek, where the
permanent camp was .established at its
junction with Kern River, and Mount
Whitney still more than eighteen miles'
away to the northeast. And then the
real serious climbing had only begun. .
The feat is something stupendous, as
you may realize from the fact that
though the summit was only 18 miles
away in an air line, each and every one
of that big party had to walk over twice
that distance to reach the top. On the
side from which the ascent was made
the fall to Kern River is over 8000 feet
In 18 miles. On the eastern side it is even
'more sheer, and frightful, for within a
distance of 7 miles this snow capped
mountain has a fall of 11,000 feet. From
the top It is *ike. looking down an ele-
Whitney chimney, In the cold early dawn
of morning, when the foothold was haz
ardous and nerve racking, in the painful
upward climb, or coming down the slide
again, or fording Kern River on horseback
with the barometer raised high in the air
to keep it straight up and down and pre
vent It being Jolted by the' pack animals,
or hanging It high in the trees at night
bo that no prowlers might reach It and
then sleeping with one eye upon It until
the journey was resumed, or standing off
the porter on the train, who obsequiously
wanted to stow It awayln the hangers
overhead, the awful anxiety was ever
present and made eternal watchfulness
not only a virtue but a necessity.
Now that all his figures are complete,
beyond the peradventure of a doubt Pro
fessor McAdie laughs wl # th those who
laughed then, but for, twenty-two days It
was no laughing matter to any of the sd
entlfle- gentlemen who made up the first
party of mountain climbers. : -- ., ..
In like manner Mr. Joseph Le Conte,
one of the highest authorities In the West
on engineering, problems, • nursed and
guarded a transit, a brand new instru
ment, and one of the most perfect of its
kind ever made, about which a really
capital an- at" the same" time, typical
story is ; told. It appears that Mr. Le
Conte had come down town, money, laden, '.
to purchase a fine ¦ present as a surprise
to his wife and dropped into the Weather-
Bureau to see Professor McAdie.' The
two young scientists are on the very best
of intimate terms and In the course of,
the afternoon quite casually visited a
prominent Instrument manufacturer. Here
it, was that "Joe," as Professor McAdie
familiarly calls him, first saw the transit
that bids fair to become famous and, ut
terly carried away with delight at th«'
excellent merits of the Instrument,
purchased it on the spot and never again
thought of . the present he was to have
made until he awakened to a crestfallen
realization of what he had done, just
Snowing tHe Difference Between San Francisco and Mt. Whitney.
The final and accurate height of Mt. Whitney was determined by Professor McAdie of the San Francisco Weather Bureau by the most delicate ba
rometrical measurement of the atmospheric pressure evor made. Thus the fall of the barometer from the.normal pressure of 30 inches at sea level was
• shown to be 17 inches and a fraction on the extreme summit of Mt. Whitney; or, as Professor McAdie has indicated by the arrow line on the photograph
above, this magnificent California peak ascends nearly half-way through the whole depth of the atmosphere surrounding the earth. At fifteen miles high
rrofessor McAdie says there is no appreciable atmosphere at all. and the arrow at the bottom indicates where the mercury would fall to at that dizzy height,
rrorn these measurements Professor McAdie places the height of Mt. Whitney at 14,515 feet, which is considerably lower than it was ever given before, but
still the highest peak in the United States, excluding Alaska.— (Photos by Stanford Studio.)
DO you know how a mountain Is
measured, or are you one of those
who believe It Is done with a tape
line and a piece of chalk? Sounds
simple enough at first blush,
Coeen't It? But stop to think for a moment
of how you yourself would accomplish the
task were It thrust upon you. No easy
matter, Indeed. Well, can you Imagine
any one undertaking such a feat merely
for the- pleasure of the thing? Ah, that
Is the passion of science, without which
this would still be a dull, plodding, prl
modlal old world.
Much to the amazement of a great many
people— scientists among them— the tlp
top-knot of the whole United 8tates—
that Is, all of Uncle Sam's domain situ
ated this Bide of the Canadian frontier
has just received a very close- ehaye at
the hands of Professor A. Q. McAdie,
San Francisco's own weather bureau
man, and three or four kindred spirits In
the realm of advanced science, and in
consequence has lost a few hundred feet
of the dignified altitude hitherto credited
to its loftiness.
This Is Mount Whitney, one of the
proudest peaks In California and the most
measured mountain In the world. Since
the Golden State was wrested from th«
Spanish padres It has been measured over
end over again and each time It shrinks
more and more, sometimes at such an
astonishing rate that one would not bo
surprised to hear that it had dried up
and withered like a eponge.
Seriously speaking, however, It It doubt
ful If the latest figures secured by Pro
fessor McAdie and his famous party will
ever be changed. They are the most com
plete and exhaustive that have ever been
made, and as the Instrument* with which
the measurements were taken are the
most* perfect of their kind , obtainable
anywhere. Professor McAdle's statement
that Mount Whitney Is 14,515 feet high
may be accepted as absolutely accurate
and ccr.Ec<;uent!j' final.
MEASURING THE HEIGHT OF
MT. WHITNEY
:THB - SUNDAY OAJLIi.
How tKe Mountain Was Measured. By Prof. A. G.
McAdie of tne U. S.'WeatHer Bureau.
12HELEN A.— a) Do you remember your first question? Bazin's Depilatory is
absolutely harmless and easy to manage, but I am sorry to say not permanent.
(2) A little glycerin, diluted with about twice its weight of rose water, U good
for sunburn or chapped lips and it Is refreshing as well.
• Martin.— To» strengthen the knee mus
,cles, bend the left leg In a right angle,
extending the right leg horizontally, and
lower the body until tho right heel nearly
touches the ground. Rise by straightening
the left leg. with the right still extended
horizontally, and without letting the
hands or the right heel touch the ground.
Then lower tha body as before, extend tn«
left leg this time, and rise on the right.
Continue until the weight of the body has
been raised twenty times by tho effort of
either knee joint without' the aid of th*
other. '¦'¦¦¦: ' ¦¦
Belladonna.— Anosmlo means wanting
tha power of smelling— all odors - being
alike. There are persons who are hyper
osmlc, that Is, very sensitive to smelling.
Genevleve.— Tha quota
tion relative to leap year
which you want Is prob
ably the following:
"In leap year they baT» power to caoos*;
T» mea no charter to refuse."
E. E. E.— It was Gsr
lyle who. by bis analysis
of Teufelsdrockh's book
on clothes, established
the theory that society u
founded on clothes. AH
men— women, that is— are
born equal; tha Inequali
ties develop with tha
clothes they Inherit or
(Acquire. Clothes denote
not only the means of a
woman, but still more
declde*dly express her
taste and education.
your room en tiptoes or walk around
your room In low-heeled or heellass shoes,
pressing hard on the toes at the end of
each stride. Copy Hamlet's slow stride
across the stage. Walking on tha heels
will develop the muscles of tha shins.
Bathe the, legs In cold
salt water after perform
ing these exercises and
then Live them a brisk
rubbing. This help* to
increase their size.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
As automobiles became popular diseases of the
eye be*an to Increase. Despite the glasses that are
worn the wind and the dust are sufficient to cause
serious Inflammation of the eye and Its lids. Soft coal
dust too, Is a menace, as It often causes serious in
flammation. The best treatment Is a bath of clear wa
ter containing a little witch haxeL \
Among- the patients of oculists the . women out
number the men. Regarding this fact twelve leading
oculists have been consulted, and they lay It U the
wearing of veils. *
Women who do not wear Tells are leas trouble*
with defects of the eyesight than those who always
do so And yet most women may look forth upon
the world through veils without serious Injury It
they will only wear veils of the right sort. Most
«ye specialists disapprove of the dotted veil, ; but
they have nothing to say against those of Illusion
or chiffon, which has^a fine, even, regular mesh,
through which the eye may look without suf
fering anv worse results than come from
peering through the finest wire window
screen.
The dotted veil, however, offers In
terruptions to, the sight, distracts
th " and compels the wearer
the eyes and compels tne wean
to focua In different directions.
Though these directions offo-,
cus ' differ, ever so slightly, the/
result Is Injurious. Many - a!
case of . astigmatism has been'
traced to the baneful effect of
the dotted veil. fc
0 C " Next In importance to th«
Tell Is the parasoL One lined with green ellk should always , b* used in a glaring light,
Uke that at the seashore. J ' • _, A /' J^
Many an eye Is eeriou&ly s trained and Injured because the owner does not wish to admit
to herself or confess to the world that youthful sight is waning. Put on glasses whenever,
they are needed. Their f unc tlon Is to assist and save the eye. If properly treated that
organ will remain efficient and useful until life's . close.
An oculist who speaks with authority, says that a great many persons Injure their
eyesight by not keeping their glasses bright and highly polished. They allow dust and
perspiration to accumulate upon them and make them dim and semi-opaque, and the eyes ara
strained when trying to look through them. An occasional wishing In warm soapsuds or
Bailie— To make honey and al
mond paste to - use In massaging
tfte arms, rub the yolks 'of -two
eggs with one-fourth of a pound
of strained . honey and two
ounces ground bitter , almonds.
Then add slowly one ounce al
mond oil and one-half drara
each of attar of cloves and
attar of bergamot.
Jacqueline — The best
way to develop legs and
ankles Is to walk around
on tip toes morning and
night, while dressing and
'. undressing. Run ; slowly
back ' and forth across
John J.— The upperarm should measure from two
to two and a half Inches more than the forearm.
The expanded cheat should be eight or ten Inches
larger than the smallest natural waist. Light gym
nastics, without apparatus, will do any one much
good. According to one authority, wrestling: Is "the
very best physical pastime." It Improves every
muscle of the body, and nerve, patience, endur
ance, agility, Quickness and coolness are all In
volved.
Carrie Careless— The word pomatum, about
which you Inquire, Is derived from pomum, an
apple, because pomatum- was originally made by
macerating overripe apples In grease. •' If an
apple be stuck all over with spice, such as
cloves, then exposed to the air for a few
days, and afterward macerated In purified
melted 'lard, or any, other fatty matter, the
\ grease will become perfumed. Repeating
the operation with the same grease sev
eral times produces real pomatum. Ac
cording to a receipt published more than
a century ago, the form given Is: Kid's
crease, two pippins, an orange sliced,
*q glass of rose water and half a glass
of. " white , wine, boiled and strained
end finally sprinkled with oil of
ewee't almonds.
Camilla— A little salt dissolved in warm wa
ter—about quarter of a saltspoonful to half a
cup of water— will remove inflammation from
eyelids reddened by tha wind. If your hands
perspire freely keep a jar of powdered alum on
the toilet table. Occasionally use a little Of this
In tha water with which the hands are washed,
but don't use It every day. If you are. going to a
ball or reception, use the alum bath before putting
on your gloves.
Carolyn— Don't be guided entirely by your
- feelings In tha matter of exercise. When
a person feels the least like taking exer
cise that Is apt to be the time It is needed
the most If you are "nervous," as you
eay, take your athletics slowly and not In
a quick, jerky manner. Very little exercise
dally— for five minutes, say— is much better
than none. '¦¦ -':'%
smooth and white,' Is made by mix-
Ing two ounces of precipitated chalk
thoroughly with four ounces of col
ogne spirits, 95 per cent. Then add four
ounces of rosewater, quarter ounce of
glycerin and two drams of extract of
white rose. Bottle and always shake
well before using. It Is best applied
with a small sponge.
Rosamond I*— A complexion cream
for - the face, which will make It
ANSWERS TO CORRESPOND
ENTS.
When you have nothing- to do— when you are Just rest
ing—close your eyes. As long: as the eyes are open, they
are at work to a certain extent.
Don't read when lying down, though that. may be better
than reading or writing In a constrained stooping posture.
Bit erect when reading, and as nearly eo as possible when
wrltlag. One of the great advantages of the typewriter is
that it allows 'an erect position and taxes the eyesight very
little In comparison with pen writing.
In reading or writing, the light should come obliquely
from the side and fall upon the surface of the paper, so as •
to Illumine It: fully, with the reflection' passing away at an
angle and without striking the reader In the face, since
the reflection from the white paper Is almost as trying
as direct light shining in the eyes. Let the eyes rest as
eoon as they begin to feel weary.
An eye bath is a dally necessity. Few. people know
how good a cold water bath is for the eyes. But it
should not be with a sponge and cold water, for this
of necessity Is done with the lids closed. It is much
better for the eyes to be open In cold water. ' This
can be done by filling a basin with . water, putting
the face in, and opening the eyes once or twice.
As this is not always convenient, as the hair Is
apt to get wet at the same time, get an eye cup
at a chemist's, fill it with clear, cold water, and
open and shut the eye two or three times, in it.
Clear water should be used. A little witch hazel or
boraclc add may be added to the water; 'Warm
water Is good to use _ occasionally, although Its
continued use tends to redden the eyes and make
them watery. The eyes should always be, washed
before going to bed, to remove the dust which may
have gathered on the lids during the day.
To preserve the round shape of the eyeballs,
occasionally rub them gently, always -toward
the nose. As one grows older, the eyeballs have *
a tendency to become flat
When the eyes have become Irritated through
excessive use, a compress of linen, wet with cold
water and changed as often aa It becomes warm,
will generally relieve them.
If the irritation continues, use a lotion mad* by
steeping two ounces of rosemary leaves in a pint
*f distilled water, for twenty-Jour hours.. Then
strain and add an equal quantity of rose water and
th. same amount of brandy.
Natura 1 1 y
following the
care of the
eyes la the care
of the eyebrows.
If they are
brushed carefully
every day their
eppearance will be
much Improved.
Always' brush with
an outer motion go
i in* from the Toots to
r the end.' Brush them
occasionally with a
camel's hair brush
dipped in^cocoanut oil.
This not only makes
the brows glossy, but
causes them to grow.
A good stimulating lo
tion, which aids growth
of eyebrows, U made of
two drama of ollre oil,
quarter dram of tincture of
cantharldes and one ounce
of alcohol. Apply this with
a brush once a week.
For eyebrows that have
been burned off an emollient
made of half an ounce of gly
cerin and one ounce of olive oil
Is excellent. . Sweet oil. with
lime water, should be used on
eyebrows that have been fresh
ly burned; or equal parts of lime
water and linseed oil.
Eyebrows repay all' the care
that can be given to them, for If
they are well arched and glossy
they add much to the attractive-'
ness of. a face.
alcohol Is
necessary.
•
f~y (Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
/ / ONSIDERIXG how all-important the eyes are to good
I /«. looks. It Is surprising- bow they are neglected and even
\JJ Ill-treated. '
l£ A pair of fine eyes will redeem an otherwise plain faca
and a girl possessed of them and a good complexion may
easily consider herself a beauty.
Eyes, to be beautiful, must bo bright, dear and of good
color. Not only is good health essential to this condition,
but good care of th* eyes themselves.
On awakening In the morning, the eyes should not be
exposed suddenly to a bright light. A few moments should
be allowed to elapse to accustom them to the half-light of
the bedroom before drawing up the blinds and admitting the
full light of day.
Too much sleep and too little sleep are alike Injurious to
the eyes, the former debilitating them through the prolonged
tnactlon In which It keeps them, the latter from fatigue. Then
• gain, the eight may be spoiled by using:, the eyes too little
This Is only & degree less harmful than using them too much.
Too strong a light end profound and long continued dark
ness both predispose the eye to various maladies, some of
them very serious. Sudden transitions from darkness to light,
and the reverse, are especially injurious.
The pupil of the eye expands in darkness, and. If It be
suddenly exposed to a bright light, contraction not taking
place readily, paralysis of the retina, with consequent
blindness, may ensue. The sudden transition from light
to darkness Is attended with less serious, but no less
certainly injurious consequences.
The reflection of the light on the seashore, or any
brilliant surface, a predominance of glaring br of dark
colors In the rooms where much of the time Is spent,
and looking long at rapidly moving objects are all in-
Jurlous to u.e eight. Soft colors are both most pleasing
and most beneficial to the eye. Qreen Is the color most
favorable to the eye, as it exercises the muscles moder
ately without fatiguing them. Black or very dark colors
maintain them in a state of inactivity.
'"'Farmer's daughter,' he ..said; but
they're all milkmaids. I suppose her dad
raked up a little money and sent her to
the university to take on some polish,
and take in some young idiot like Maur-
"Satisfactory! I'm chock full of pride!
But I'm justified In .being proud. He
graduates from C University— no little
college, mind you— with the honors of his
class. Why, with my money behind him
he might be anything ha chose, anywhere.
And what does he do but deliberately kick
over his own prospects. Here I've been
planning all sorts of things for him when
he gets through— travel, where and as
long' as he pleases— marriage, with the
best, when he's ready for it— and the
young ' Jack-a-napes has gone and en
gaged himself to a milkmaid."
"A milkmaid," she repeated faintly.
"New plans !" he scoffed. "I don't know
why I'm the one to make concessions. He
owes all he Is to me." - , .
She looked polite. Inquiry, and he con
tinued, "You see,' It's my nephew. I'va
raised him. and been a father to him—
done well by him, too; given him the best
advantages money'll buy. And all I've
asked of him is that he'll go ahead and
be a credit to us." / '« '
He paused reminiscently.
* "And hasn't he?" she asked. A glow
lit his face. -
"He has! He's been on top all the time
—taken the honors everywhere — and he
stands to pull off the biggest of all now."
"I should say that was satisfactory,"
she commented.
"Oh, yes," he assented unexpectedly,
"I suppose I'm doing my own roasting."
"Fuming?" she intimated.
"Like a boiling kettle! Think I'd ex
plode but for easing off on tha old gentle
man," he chuckled In memory of the ex
ploit. &.''(<¦'.
"You should take things easy in hot
weather; It's the only way to keep cool,"
she remarked sagely.
" Take things easy!' Look here, when
you've had a blow that's knocked all
your life plans helter-skelter you don't
feel easy or cool!"
"No, that's true. One might make new
plans," she suggested. *'" ¦'-'**«£*£ ;]>'• : ¦ !
"Here, miss, you look cool and reason
able, tell this lump of obstinacy that to
day is frigid beside the tenth."
"Oh, don't ask me to be umpire. I don't
know anything about thermometers; I al
ways go by my feelings," she cried.
"The only sensible way," Mr. Sanborn
affirmed.
"The way of ninnies and numskulls I"
stormed the old gentleman.
"Tour station, sir," the conductor In
terrupted. The old gentleman bounced off,
trailing his statements and assertions to
the platform.
Tha train started. Mr. Sanborn stuck
his head out the window and shouted,
"The very hottest day I"
Then he settled back and laughed.
The girl laughed, too, and slipped across
Into the old gentleman's place.
- "I wound him up!" Mr. Sanborn ex
plained with satisfaction.
"I expect he thinks it is pretty hot by
now," she smiled, "but really, you know,
we have had hotter weather."
"I don't care If It's the only one made,
it lies if It says there's ever been a hotter
day than to-day." Mr. Sanborn mopped
his face in exaggerated distress.
People were smiling at the absurd con
tention, and a girl across the aisle gig
gled. Both disputants looked at her, and
with a gesture of authority the old gen
tleman ordered:
"Not even the hottest this season! On
the tenth the thermometer registered six
teen degrees higher," his opponent ex
plained with aggravating exactness.
"Then the thermometer lied! All ther
mometers do!"
"My thermometer Is exactl It's tha
best made." .'.... .
"No such thing! There's been millions
hotter!" the old gentleman flashed around
like a pugnacious bulldog.
"The very hottest day!" Mr. Banbors
bawled stubbornly.
fense, observed the bristling and reiter
ated dogmatically, "The very hottest
day!" /
K ,, SLJ-J H-E-BWI This is the
j^^^gCftS* hottest day that ever
ns^Wkcfp br ° !ledI " ¦ Mr - J - Ban *
J^Kr/^Hlvl/^ born, elderly, somewhat
->ii"^fMtwfJ^ portly, and very lrascl
y^SW'jr Wtf^ ! ble ' blare<i about « <Jefy
}<&j&ljr}sys££l Ing contradiction.
flBaEytTn.iJBqaaaa The old gentleman in
front of him bristled aggressively.
Mr. Sanborn, with an eye out for of-
Copyright, 1303, by T. C. McClure.
"Look at her! There'll be an explosion
soon; Oh. why did we undertake the silly
trick!" Maurice's companion moaned in
his ear. ¦ '
His uncle beckoned urgently, prevent
ing Maurice's reply.
"I suppose you know my nephew and
his milkmaid, the farmer Senator's
daughter," Mr. Sanborn said to tha gen
tleman as the reluctant couple ap
proached.
Then he burst into a roar of laughter at
the blank faces of the wilted young con
spirators.
Mr. Sanborn had arrived, shaken hands
with the gentleman and was speaking to
the young lady, who listened with serious
attention.
"Good heavens!" Maurice cried aghast.
"If he should say anything Impertinent
to Miss Mlllloness!"
. "Oh, Maurice! And she the president's
niece!— he'll say anything! Stop him,
stop him!" the girl walled.
"Stop whom— the thief?" a young man
queried laughingly.
They trailed through tha crowd in an
agony of apprehension. There was no
pleasantry In the situation for them.
"Oh, no, thank yon. We win meat in
¦tha hall," she returned with a flash of
repressed merriment.
"Very good, young lady— but not quite
so perfect as you suppose,** ho muttered,
watching the slender figure flit away.
When In unaccustomed and uncomfort
able evening dress ha was conducted to
his seat, ha scarcely recognized her In
tha resplendent creature, tha center of an
Incense offering throng; but when ha did
ha breathed an "ah, ha!" of satisfaction,
adding with a chuckle, 'T sea, X seat But
I think the little joke will boomerang!"
She detached herself presently and made
her way to him. murmuring an apology
for omitting to mention that she had at
tended tha university tha previous year.
To his eager question she admitted that
she had met Maurice. To his equally
eager question concerning the milkmaid,
she hesitated uncertainly.
Which was not strange, seeing that Mr.
Sanborn had no name for her, tha young
blockhead having alluded to her merely
as "a farmer's daughter, tha girl of my
choice."
"I am 8 ure that short, thick, homely girl
is the one; the third from the end," Mr.
Sanborn groaned. *
"Oh, perhaps not." she comforted, sub
duing a smile.
"She's the one." ha assented as positive
ly and aggressively as he had proclaimed
the state of the weather. The opening ex
ercises prevented further discourse. '
In spite of his heated resentment, Mr.
Sanborn swelled with pride at tho over
whelming success of his nephew, and
joined In the applause that called him out
again and again.
"He's pulled them off. as I told you he
would," ha boasted to tha girl, who, with
flushed cheeks and wet eyes had burst
her glove in expressing her approbation.
"It would be glorious but for that beefy
creature he's talking to," ho added, chok
ing Indignantly.
Maurice got away from tha congratula
tions at last, and reached them saying
with outstretched hand. "Well. Uncle, I
hope you are satisfied with me."
"Um-m, yes, pretty well," his unela
grunted, his eyes fixed significantly upon
the thick, homely girl across tha hall.
Seeing which, Maurice said with a sly
glance at tha girl beside him:
"May I Introduce you to my farmer's
daughter, uncle? She's "
Mr. Sanborn broke In. exclaiming,
"Why, I know tea man she's talking
with— done business with him! I'll Just
Introduce myself— and have it out with
her, too!" he growled over his shoulder,
slipping like an eel through the crowd.
"Thank you, we wllL It Is kind of you
to suggest It," sho replied, hiding an
amused smlla.
By exchange of cards th;y Introduced
themselves * and had becoma vary good
friends by the time they reached their
destination.
"Shall I call for you V ha asked at part
ing. -•„-->.-• .
spoka of my coming: a day or so earlier,
but I don't want to sea him till after
ward. It might not be food for his
nerves, and I naturally want him t» do
his best befora tha public."
"Naturally," the assented, adding. To
going there, too. I havt friend* in tha
class."
"Why, that's all right!" ha exclaimed.
"We're strangers and well probably each
be alone, why not sit together?"
ice. He'i tho itar, and she couldn't do
better, though aha might find iom« with
more money."
"Have you seen her?"
"Nor Nor want to either. I know how
sh© looks: overgrown and coarse, with
big red cheeks, that he, the simpleton,
calls "roses of nature,' " ha Quoted con
temptuously. "He can go to the farm
with her and make a field hand for tha
old man, and I'll try to crawl out from
the ruins. Jlngs! I wish I'd trained him
In tha business back thera In Chicago!"
He struck th© seat excitedly and went on.
"Ho kept It from m© till his last letter.
I've been boiling ever since— hundred and
ten In, the shade. I coma pretty near not
going to the graduating fandango, and
I've looked to It for years."
"Then you are to be there to-night."
¦ha said.
"That's what Tvx on tha road for. Ha
VICTIMS OF A RECOIL
By Louise J. Strong.
Shut Your Eyes Now and Then. to Save Them—If Only.for One Minute at
a Time, the Best Is of Great Benefit.
CARE
OF THE
EYES
13Then the slender figure, all hi snowy
draperies of clinging lace, was walking
up the room.
"I am sorry to have to ten you. Lord
Lessington—" she began, but the words
she would have spoken were never said.
The tall, handsome man In evening
dress had her held tightly to his heart.
"No— no! " she cried, and drew away.
"It isn't right! I must marry Lord Les
sington. It was all arranged long ago.
I never objected. I didn't know—"
"That— no, I shan't touch you again
unless you come to me. You didn't know
that you were going to fall In love with
me."
Her color came back with a rush.
"Is this " she faltered. "Is this— love?"
He laughed— a low, contented, joyous
laugh.
"I will answer that only with you la
my arms. Come!"
She hesitated. Aware of a bewildering
sense of happiness, she still hesitated.
But his eyes compelled her. She took a
step forward, and again his arms enfold
ed her. It was with dread of the battle
to be possessing her that Doris Ware
heard the first dinner bell that evening.
But It was a determined young lady who
held her head high, and went down the
stairway to meet the English nobleman
who it had been decided should make
her his wife.* Would her always indul
gent father be furious to learn she was
to marry -a penniless tutor? Would her
weak, ambitious mother Weep and pro
test? What matter? She would have
him whom she loved— loved— loved.
"Go in!" Her parents, standing at the
foot of the stairs, kissed her. "Go tat
And God bless you both! He is waiting.
Go to him!"
Homeward bound, an hour later, they
secured their mail at the village. In the
green gloom, gold-pierced, of the forest
pathway the girl sat down to read her
letters. Leaning against a tree, grave
and silent. Jardine stood watching her.
"Oh!" she cried out suddenly, and
turning very pale. "He is coming. His
lawyer writes he is coming. Oh, I didn't
think he'd came for years!" There was
downright dread In the eyes that looked
piteously up at her companion. "Lord
LeSslngton is coming!"
He nodded. "You've never seen him?"
he asked. "He is old, I suppose— and
ugly— and altogether detestable!"
"No— oh, no! It was all arranged.
But they say he Is young and good. He
is very rich, of course. I didn't think I'd
mind— and now." She rose trembling.
The tears brimmed over and ran down
the cheeks "from which the rose-bloom
had faded. "He will be here to-day, and
I— soon I will have to marry hlml"
"You poor little thing!" The compas
sion In* his voice thrilled her— that, and
something more. "Don't you know— you
do know, my darling— that you are going
to marrv me!"
Then h« had her in his arms and was
holding her close In their strong and shel
tering embrace.
-.- For an instant' or two she did not re
sist. The sweet shock of it all. the sens*
of being protected, more than all the
ecstatic knowledge of her own heart,
overwhelmed her. His kisses were on her
cheeks, her lips, and his passionate words
in her ears.
Only of late she had begun to wonder
why her eyes would droop when sudden
ly encountering those of the man beside
whom she now walked, rattling on in
light. Inconsequent fashion. She was
furious when ; she found her cheeks grow
burning hot at the moment of a chance
meeting. What was he to her that her
heart had come to beat more quickly
when In his presence?. Defiantly , she
summoned all her bright audacity to con
ceal this strange new unrest.
Jonn Jardine found himself walking
along the avenue, adjusting his long
stride to the gait of Miss Doris Ware.
who. now that she had her own way in
persuading the most stubborn Individual
with' whom she had ever come in contact.
was radiant and bubbling over with mer
riment.
Since six months before their acquain
tance began the little flirt, belle, beauty
and heiress had vainly tried all her
graces and fascinations on the serious
and stately instructor of her boisterous
young brother. It had seemed so natural,
since she was a schoolgirl In short
dresses, to have admirers by dozens that
the difficulty she experienced of bringing
Jardine to her feet piqued her. and made
her more than ever determined to make
him capitulate. Bhe would have opened
her pansy-purple eyes very wide Indeed,
and have been honestly amazed, had any
one accused her of being heartless. Bh*
would have said that no on© meant to
.be serious. Anyhow, all knew— for It waa
an open secret— that she was net free.
Her marriage had been arranged— oh.
ages ago— by parents and lawyers and
solicitors, and those kind of people. It
was purely a marriage of convenience.
But it appeared to be very convenient in
deed, and quite satisfactory all around.
Some day, when she waa old. very old—
perhaps twenty-four or thereabouts— Lord
Lessington would come sailing over the
sea and wed her. and bear her back over
the billow to a magnificent, historic old
home in Sussex, and she would be a great
lady, and lead a good and beautiful life,
and be happy forever and ever. Which,
as her heart had never been touched,
and she was only a wild and winsome
little maiden, seemed quite right and nat
ural.
fessed John Jardine. "But -there is Fred
"Oh, if you prefer' Freddie's society
to mlnei" ,ThY little chin with the dimple
went up: in the air.
"But^-I'm paid to teach your' brother.
Miss ..Ware I"! . he ' hastened to explain.
"And v not to accompany me. I quite
understand."- And then— with much .dig
nity of demeanor, "Good ' morning, Mr.
Jardine!"
"Good t morning," be ¦ replied ruefully.
But : the' quizzical ' smile was dancing
again in his handsome \ eyes, ." as Miss
might bite.*' And— and It's hard to get
over . the pasture stile— alone. . And — -"
a pitiful quiver In her voice clinched the
sincerity of her assertions, "I am afraid
of snakes— and there may be snakes.
Freddie saw one last summer."
There was no questioning the triumph
ant truth of the final declaration. Nor
was refusal longer possible. 'Conquered,
and the arms that closed ' around her
¦were thoselthat had been her refuge
f hat morning' in the forest.
"John,", she whispered. "John!"
"Cedrlc . John Jardine Dynely, Lord
Lessington!" he corrected her. "Beloved—
I've won you I I've served for you— if not
as long as Jacob served for Rachel as
faithfully. It's falr-air» fair sweat!
heart-In love and war!" •*•«'-
Half-Hour
' Storiette
Kate M. Cleary.
IN LOVE AND WAR
(Copyright, 1303. by T. C. McClure.)
FAIR MISTRESS DORIS was sing
ing as she came flying down the
wide stairway and out Into the
warm brilliancy of the young day.
For it was midsummer, the time
of roses, of fragrance, of romance.
And Doris seemed the veritable spirit
of It all— at least so thought the young
fellow watching her from his seat under
the great elm. But It waa not till she
was quite close to, htm that she was
aware of his presence. The gay little
chanson she bad been lilting ceased, and
the pretty, startled color deepened In her
soft cheeks.
"Bon jouri", she cried , blithely, and
paused in her Atalanta-llke flight. "Her-
ey 1 What a morning to be poring over
a book! Why, Instead, you should—"
"I know!" He had risen 4 and was
towering before her, straight and stately/
a man with an air that was more 1 that
of a soldier than a student. "You think
I should prefer to cultivate ' Dame Na- .
ture."
There was a Quizzical flicker' In the
gray, black-lashed, black-browed eyes.
that met her accusing; gaze.
"If you , will put down . that .book . you
may walk with me as far as the abode
of Mrs. Mcllnda Parsons, who is expect-*
Ins; me this morning to write her month.
Ik ' letter to her son - In , the • Philippines."
"The ..permission is tempting," . con-
-Ware flashed open her parasol, whisked
up the skirts of her embroidered batiste
and 'turned loftily away, only to pause'
when she had taken a few steps, and
look back : over her ' shoulder with eyes
full of infinite reproach.
"There's that dog at Brown's, and— ho
•
TO CLING for more than an hour to
the disabled rudder of a sailing
I vessel pitching and tossing in the
I wlJg embrace of a Cape Horn gale:
to nan^ to the flapping blade of
etcel when the ship's stern lifted high
above the water and not to let go when
the bark burled her after end deep in the
icy waters; to breathe and work during
the shorj Intervals in the air; to grip and
think w£lle being dragged down Into the
depths v thls was the part for which
Harry Williams, mate of the American
bark Homeward Bound, volunteered
when a vicious wave smashed the ves
sel's rudder stock in a gale off Cape
Horn and this the role he carried out.
It was as spectacular a piece of daring
as ever soldier performed on the field of
battle, as brave an act as is recorded
anywhere In the stirring annals of the
sea. It saved the ship and the lives of
all on board.
The modest hero declares it was all
nothing, end vigorously protests against
the making of any fuss about a task he
performed in the regular line of his duty
and only because he was the first man
ready to try it. Any of his shipmates,
he says, would have undertaken the job
without hesitation.
The bark Homeward Bound arrived in
Ban Francisco a few days ago after a
long voyage from Antwerp. She came
Into port using a jury rudder. It was to
fix this jury rudder that Williams so
bravely risked his life. Nautical ex
perts who have examined the makeshift
stearins gear' pronounce It the most per
fect of temporary appliances they have
ever Inspected. Captain Thompson, the
bark's commander, declares that the ves
sel handled better with the improvised
arrangement than ehe ever did before,
and that it was possible to replace the
useless steering gear with such a satis
factory substitute was all due to the
skill and nerve of Mate Williams.
The accident occurred at 2 o'clock in
the morning of May 21 in the depth of the
Cape Horn winter, when the vessel was
In longitude 77 west, latitude 57 12 south,
where the waves never rest and the water
Is always icy cold. The vessel was making
a gallant flg!* against the fury of a ter
rific southwetster. The Homeward Bound
Is as sturdy a vessel as any turned out
from the yard of Harland & Wolfe.
That aouthwester. however, was all she
could manage. Big seas battered her
hull: Epray splashed high as the royal
yards and the decks were filled to the
rail with surging brine. Suddenly an
avalanche of water launched Itself
against the uplifted stern, striking with
terrific force. There was a crack, sharp
and loud as a rifle report, and the helms
man found the wheel useless in his hands.
It resolved as before, but its control over
the rudder was gone and the big ship
was at the mercy of the- gale. As the
Homeward Bound yielded herself to the
fury of the storm, such sail as was set
was ripped Into ribbons and before a soul
knew what had happened the vessel was
wallowing helplessly under bare poles.
Within an hour, however. Captain
Thompson had set enough canvas to en
able him to handle the vessel, steering
her with the aid of the sails. The ship
was still in grave danger, however, and
would be at the mercy of any change In
the sale's mood as long as the rudder
was beyond control.
Investigation showed that the rudder it
self was all right, but that the stock had
been shattered beyond possibility of re
pair. The Homeward Bound Is a steel
vessel and her rudder, of the same ma
terial, weighs more than two tons. This
massive blade was swinging freely on Its
hinges and threatening with every roll
of the vessel to stave a bole in her plates.
To secure this flapping wing of steel was
an immediate necessity, as a hole in the
etern of a steel ship laboring in a Cape
Horn southwester means rapid transit for
all hands to Davy Jones' locker. It had
not only to be securea; control over its
movements had to be re-established, ai?
without better steering facilities than af
forded by the nails, all Captain Thomp
son's seamanship could not have saved
the vessel from destruction.
The tasK undertaken by Williams was
to make fast two chains, one on each
6lde. to a ring or shackle on the outside
edge of the rudder. When the vessel lies
on even keel this shackle is about four
feet below the surface of the water. Ai
she pitched and dived in the mad sea off
the Horn the shackle was sometimes high
In the air, and, when the vessel's stern
settled, as It did until the poop deck was
almost submerged, the shackle was many
feet below the surface.
Williams was lowered from the end of
the mlzzcn boom and made several at
tempts to pass a wire rope through the
shackle as the vessel came up by the
stern. He soon found, however, tnat this
plan would not serve. He was out of
sight of Captain Thompson, who attended
the line on which he was suspended and
the lowering and raising could not be
managed with sufflcient expedition to give
the mate a chance at the shackle as it
emerged from the water.
This plan was abandoned after several,
wild dives at the swaying rudder, and
Williams, after studying the situation
more carefully, resolved to take the one
desperate chance upon which lay the only
hope of success.
He seized hold of the shackle. As the
rudder swayed and banged he was flung
from H)de to side with a force that would
have loosened anything less sure than a
sailor's grip. Ho.dlng on with one hand,
he made frantic efforts with the other to
pass the' wire rope through the shackle!
Then, as the vessel settled, rudder,
shackle and sailor disappeared beneath
the boiling sea. Up she came again. A
long breath, another shaklng-up as the
unsecured rudder slammed from Fide to
ffidt, one more attempt to pass through
the wire rope and again tne plunge.
He took occasional spells of rest. Swing
ing wildly In the bight' of a rope, soaked
with icecold water, the cruel wind of that
winter gale biting to the marrow, it was
rest only in contrast to the wild rides on
the swaying rudder, and, even at that,
only a sailor would have called It rest.
Between the rests and the wild rides,
however, the task was performed. More
than a score of times Williams made that
submarine trip with the elusive shackle.
He passed through the ring two wire
ropes to which those on deck attached
heavy chains and with the wire hauled
them through the rudder shackle. These
chains Williams then shackled In place
and his work was done.
He fainted when hauled on deck, but
a liberal draught of grrog end a vigorous
rubbing down with alcohol revived him
and before evening he was on deck at
tending to his duties. •'. >
While Williams was fighting his battle
under the stern th© men on deck lashed
a boom across the poop and projecting
at each alAe. The rudder chains were
passed through pulley blocks at the ends
of this spar and around a drum made
by boarding over the screw of the steer-
Ing gear. When Williams made the chains
fast the makeshift tackle was hauled
tight an/1 the Homeward Bound's rudder
was in commission again.
Williams. Is a man of about 38 years.
He has had an eventful life, and the
episode nf the Homeward Bound's jury
rudder was only one of a number of stir
ring events In which he has participated.
He served In the Siamese navy and once
held a commission in the navy of Den
mark, his native land. He was navigator
of the Colombian warship Itata when she •
was blown up at Panama with great loss
of life during the late revolution in' the
Central American republic. He expects
to leave the Homeward Bound In a few
days and Is seriously considering the ad
visablllty of settling down to a quiet Ufa
ashore.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
RISKED HIS LIFE
TO
SAVE THE SHIP
14TOT v SUNDAY CALL,
15
fwj^— -~^=a AR away is a Wonder^l sea and in it a Wonderful Jsle,
U^K^W^J'h Where night is day. and work is play and all the year a
42»(<l In the heart of this -Wonderful Isle, In the heart of the
Wonderful Sea, 0 • '
Is a Wonderful Kingdom of Won£«rfu.DThings that strives for you and me.
Now, Tommy and Bess and Robby andTess and dear little frolicsome Grace,
Gather dose by and quietly sit, and 111 tell dl this wonderful place.
Back in the olden, golden times when man trod not this earth,
This Wonderful Kingdom in the sea was given a gladsome birth.
At first the living numbered one— Peter Pumpkin, big and yellow.
Who whiled away the dreary hours, a most unhappy fellow.
For years and years he roamed about upon this lonely isle, .
And for years and years and years he never smiled a smile.
At last the corners of his mouth drooped so low they -pained him,.
But when he sought for medicine the Laughter Spirit gained him.
On the brink of a placid pool, one morning bright and cheerful,
This lonely Peter Pumpkin stood, his eyes both sad and tearful.
All at once he saw below himself all upside down, t
And the longer that his eyes did look the fainter grew his frown.
He bended down upon all fours, his eyes now bulging wide,
And when the reflection did likewise, he with wonder cried.
He picked a pebble from the soil and tossed it at his double,
Who imitated every move and caused a peck of trouble.
Both Peter Pumpkins nimbly dodged the pebbles that were thrown,
And both avoided injury, as 'twas subsequently shown.
Plump Peter Pumpkin on the land keenly felt the fun,
And he laughed to watch the antics of the other playful one.
Finally he laughed so .hard his sides grew tired and weak,
And as he looked and laughed the more, tears streamed down his cheek.
He tried to stop, but all in vain, and the fainter did he feel,
Until, at la his poor sides split" and he began to reel*
He rolled into the placid pool and weakly splashed about;
But just before he sank away two tiny seeds hopped but.
These little fellows swam ashore, so tired they could not stand, \\ i
And very soon they were asleep, safe -upon the land.' --' V V" ,¦- /
Whllothey snoozed a great rain 'fell and forced them under ground, j._''
And > when they woke the world was dark and they could not move around
Long they Btrived for the wanning light, etch earnest little fellow, ;^
Until; at lastj tho sun did make each one a ¦ pumpkin yellow, ¦'•¦"¦.' , - "V
When they wire big enough to walk they left their place of blrtb - r '¦
And set about exploring- the wonders of the earthl
Hand in hand they trudged along, through vale and over hJU, -
Each Httlo heart a-beatin* with a glad and eager thrilL
At last they reaches a sttn-kissed plain, shimmering all In green,
And there these little Pumpkin chaps thought out a wondrous scheme.
Til tell you what well do," said one, in joyous, happy strain;
"Well sti a kingdom of our own and havo a king ; to reign."
"Glorlousr the other cried, and he Jumped up in the air) .
"But who shall be the monarch gay and who the throne shall share TT
"I the ruling prince must be," spoke the other little man, ..
"For I deserve the honor proud for thinking of the. plan." . ,¦
"But what of me?" his brother said, and gloom flashed to his face— :
"Tis not fair that you should 'reign and I should have no place."
"You," the other quickly said, in tones benign and fair, >
"Are now and " always shall be my prized apparent-heir.".
1 do not like your plan at all; you'd have by far the best,
And I should do all of the work and you'd do naught but 'rest.
Tis just as fair that I should be the prince of all the realm.
And Fd be quite as wise as you In guiding at the helm." '
For hours and hours they .talked away, and each was sorely nettled,
And both of them could plainly see the thing could not be settled.
At last' their eyes began to blink and their drowsy heads to nod,
Till finally they fefl asleep on tbo plain that no man trod.
After awhile one's eyes did ope and sweep the silent green, ; %
Turning to ! Ms .brother \ near who /dreamed in peace serene. V ' •
"Ah, ha r he would have shouted if he had been alone.
But he kept his tongue all to himself and planned to win the throne,
Softly to his f eei hie got and stood beside the " other,'
Who* snoozed all unsuspecting of his cowardly thieving brother.
"By my stars, mj cfiance has comer the scheming fellow thought.
And quickly drewhis arms about the Pumpkin knowing naught.
lie hugged and squeezed with all his might, a strain on every muscle,*
Until hit victim cried "Enough,", and an end came to the tussle.
•"What do I see?* the victor cried, aghast and trembling greatly!
"You ar<» no longer plump" and round; indeed yon are unshapely.
Your head is high, your neck is crooked, your body Is much smaller, j
Which all combines to make you look very much the taller." . ,/i
In time the humor spirit touched the Pumpkin round and plnmp,
And he, with laughter keen and loud, high in the air did jump.
''Indeed, you are the funniest thing my : eyes have ever seen, . f '..<->¦
And no' longer can you "style* yourself a Pumpkin of my ™**w t
Your claim to kingly honors win now no longer wash;
And, indeed, I must remark it, you're a most unseemly /squash' P
And so In aftertimes, my sweets, this Pumpkin, strange and odd.
Went about as Crookneck Squash In the land that no man trod.
.The funny pair continued on, through wilderness and mead.
Until, at last, a thicket patch checked them in their speed.
They puffed and panted as they trudged, often falling down-
When all at once the Pumpkin queer tripped o'er a paper crown.
But Peter" Pumpkin, schemer sharp, picked up the wondrous find"
And placed It proudly on his head and said onto his kradt *
"It fits me well,' you will .agreeyand "surely -I must wear it}
It will not fit your funny head, and I fear that you would tear It 1 * •>!
••'Tis right that I should try Itoiyfor maybe It win fit?"-
And if it does, my brother, proud, I on the throne shall sit, 1 "
Crookneck Squash raised aloft the crown of paper
And let It slip down o'er his head, and then began to caper.
"'Tis safer 'round my neck, you see, than on your shining pate.
For the breezes cannot blow, it off and shock our ship of state."
But Peter Pumpkin, s elfish one, must have It all his way.
And forced the fearsome Crookneck Squash to quit his claim that day.
And so it' came to be, my pets, this Kingdom did begin—
With Peter Pumpkin reigning prince, and Crookneck under. Urn.
The Kingdom grew at wondrous pace, and— ah, I see you're blinking.
So now 111 stop and tell of more when I've' had time for thinking.
THE WONDERFUL--KING DOING
WONDERFUL
THINGSOH, what. Impatient children! Could hardly walt f until the paper came this morning oould you, t»
seo what the GREAT SURPRISE promised you last Sunday really Is? Well, here It Is— TWO FUEL
PAGES of it— and it is a big surprise, Isn't it? Couldn't possibly have guessed what It 'was
going to be^ could you? And now that it is come, Isn't it simply dandyP Wh§a you get
through with these fascinating puzzles you want to turn over and read every line of that page of
"THE WONDERFUL' KINGDOM OF WONDERFUL THINGS." It is something so entirely new — so
quaintly amusing— that you wonder that no one ever thought of them* before. Just turn over right now
and look at those pictures. Aren't funny P Did you ever, see such queer figures P Well, just wait un
til, you get better acquainted with 'them and you'll read, every line every Sunday with thrilling interest.
' ' In the meantime the Puzzle Editor wants to tell you about the other good things concealed in
that big i surprise. , First, there will be MORE PRIZE . WINNERS THAN EVER BEFORE and MORE
NEW PRIZES TO CHOOSE FROM. Just read over that splendid list below and see what you're going
to get. That is the reason the Fairy Riddle and the Name Puzzles have been combined like this— to
give you an extra page. Under this -new arrangement you can have all the fun out of both the. Fairy
Riddle Paint Picture and the Name Puzzles Instead of being practically' confined to one page or the
other, as you were before. Isn't that jollyP ... ; t ."**-?:
;' Each of the nine pictures In this, the First contest of the FIFTH SERIES of Name Puzzles, rep
resents the. name of one of England's Rulers. Can you guess themP And that Fairy Riddle — but there it
is in big letters at the top "of the picture. Can you solve it? AH! There is rich reward for you ii you
can. Now is your chance. Remember there will be a SPECIAL $5 and ?1O PRIZE dTor the highest per
centage of the whole thirteen weeks of the Fifth Series.
.And now listen carefully: THERE ARE SIXTY PRIZES, and this is what you must do to win
one of them: £J(
First— Find the name of one of England's Rulers represented in each of the Nine Small Puzzle
Pictures on this page, and write it out in full in the space opposite the proper corresponding number pro
vided for the purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; and
Second— After solving the Fairy Riddle printed in big letters at the top of the big picture here
with,; find all the. objects the answer to the riddle represents; outline each In pencil or Ink, and then
:color .'with! paints, inks, water color or crayons the whole Paint Picture as artistically as you can make it;
fill in the coupon with your solution of the Fairy Riddle, your name and address and the prize you de- -
*sire--if you win— and send- the picture, with the coupon attached,- to the EDITOR OF THE FAIRY RID
DLEMD NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, CaL
v REMEMBER — To the FIRST SIXTY BOYS AND GIRLS who not only solve the Nine Name Puz
zles and the Fairy Riddle correctly and find all the objects enumerated In the riddle, but whose pictures
are the MOST ARTISTICALLY COLORED, one of these SIXTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will, be awarded.
And don't forget this next point, because it is very important: ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NO ON. This gives all those in the country an equal chance to compete.
Read everything on this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALS
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, September 13.
FOLLOW THE RULES -OR YOU WILL BE DEBARRED.
These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select If you solve all the pua
zles correctly: Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Two Years Before the Mast, by Dana; Samantha at
Saratoga, by Holley; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; A Christmas Carol, by Dickens; A Do* of
Flanders; by Ouida; Gulliver's Travels, by Swift; The Magic Nuts, by Moles worth; The Little Lam*
Prince, by Mulock;' The Blithedale Romance, by Hawthorne; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Uncle Tom's
Cabin, by Harriet Beecher Stowe; Through the Looking-glass and What Alice Found There, by Carroll;
Vic— The Autobiography of a Fox Terrier, by Marsh; Rip Van Winkle, by Irving; Rab and His Friends,
by Brown; The Courtship of Miles Standish, by Longfellow; The Adventures of a Brownie, by Mulock;
Black Beauty, by Sewell, and Laddie and Miss Toosey's Mission.
.Here, follow the names of the fifty
prize winners In. the "Ten Little Red
Men" Fairy Riddle, published August 16:
Virginia Ford, 161 Hawthorne street,
San Francisco, "A, New; Fashioned Girl";
Harold Mosher, 3008 Harper street, Lorin,
"Tal© of AshanU! War"; Frank Dame,
BELOW Is given the list of prize win
ners In the puzzle contest of August
16. This was the Thirteenth Set—
.the nanjlsj?? Things Seen in a Toy Store
—in the Fourth Series of Kame Puzzles,
begun on May 24. SeeMf you are one of
the lucky forty winners,; ... <t u;
Mary Bates, Richij^nd. wrist "purse;
Ruth Dewey, SajT Rafael, 2 wrist -purse;
Jennie ,Rapj&el. ( s.treejj, San
Francisco, tennis racgu^t;. Helen } Server,
Sacramento.' naval 'wargamV; F. C. Pen
derBast, Vallejo,' plni pomrset; Leola
.Skipper. Vallejo. sllver t bracelet; Irene
Backe, 2622* Sutter street, San Francisco,
tennis racquet; Belle Lassette, 1105 Powell
street, San Francisco, t silver bracelet;
Janet Painter, Alameda, writing desk;
Ver'ion- Peck. Oakland, ping pong set;
Edith Smith. Oakland, wrist purse: Elsie
Gllck.. Stockton, leUer seal; May McCall.
Oakland, writing Jessie Helman.
Oroville, silver bracelet; Merle Bunn, 783
Stevenson street, San Francisco, naval
war game: Clara' Banfill, Byron, silver
bracelet: Gertie Rosenbaum, 1584 Bush
etreet. San Francisco, ping pong set; I*.
N. Dennison. San Luis Obispo, silver hat
pin;' Lillian" Cooper, Sulsun, silver brace
let; Charles Hopps, , Alameda, . writing
desk; H. Hanselman, 1808 O'Farrell street,
San Francisco, ping pong set; Tom Men
ary. Occidental, pocket knife; Arola Hud
non. Oakland, writing desk; L. Davison,
1317 Devisadero .street, San Francisco,
pocketknlfe; Elwood Hart, South Vallejo,
catcher's mitt; A. Hubcr, 1308 Polk street.
San Francisco, tennis racquet; S. E. Tal
bott, Vallejo^plng pong set; Harold Cow
ling, Santa Cruz, catcher's mitt; Elbert
Kennedy, Windsor, writing desk; Herbert
Hlestand, Los Gatos, knife; Roy Wil
liams. Oakland, catcher's mitt;' Clarence
Dewey, San Rafael, baseball: Charles
Rabing. 316 Jersey street, San Francisco,
tennis racquet; Freddie Caber, 3739 Seven
teenth street, f San -Francisco, .-writing
desk;. Judsbn Starr.; 632 (Clayton street,"
San' Francisco, tennis racquet: E. Bold
man. , 2624* Sutter street,'. San : Francisco;
bathing suit: John' Bourne, East . Auburn,*
fishing rod; Lester, Welch, Diamond, wrist
purse; Edison Monton.'Sacramentoi'bath
ing'BuIt; T Alletta Lewis,- 850 Fulton street,
San ; Francisco. ,;''¦' > \; •
ptfze winners of is.
Ashland, Ore., "Flower Fables"; Mlldre*
Nldever, Preston, "The Pathfinder": Lil
lian "Wheeler, Tiburon, "Flower Fable***;
Alex Jones, Alarneda, "The Lona Ranch**;
Margaret Conley, Sacramento, "Water
Babies"; Ruth March, Stockton, "A New
Fashioned Girl"; W. Adalr. AlamedC,
"Princess of the Moor"; Juanlta Under*
hill, San Mateo, "Queenle's Whim": Leon
ard Coombs, Agnew, "The Lona Ranch";
Mary Bates. Richmond, "Flower Fables";
Dora Brink, Lakeport. "Flower Fables";
Jesse Insersol, Tracy. "The Deer Slayer":
Walter Klien. 1307 Jackson street. Saofe
Francisco. "Tom Brown's School Days'* ;
Audrey Taylor. Alameda. "Tom Brown
at Oxford"; Annie Rider. 2775 McAllister
street. San Francisco. "Princess of the
Moor"; Genevleve Rouan, 813 Iowa strejt.
San Francisco, "Tom Brown's School
Days"; Jessie Helman, Orovllle, "Quee
nie's Whim"; Llltie Langren. Ukiah.
"Children of the Abbey": Isabel Long.
Suisun. "Queenle's Whim": Mary Smith.
1033 Howard street. San Francisco, "Wa
ter Babies": Irene Cyrus, 233 Lexington
avenue. San Francisco, "Queen!e*«
Whim"; Lucy Bonner, 1124 Hyde street.
San Francisco. "Flower Fables": Flor
ence Fernhof. 1174 East Nineteenth street,
Oakland. "A New Fashioned Girl": Eu^
nice Williams. 2136 Fifteenth street. San
Francisco. "Water Babies": May Lind
say. 273 CHppor street. San Francisco, "A
New Fashioned Girl"; Helen Spinney.
Ross. "Queenle's Whim": Jasle Garzoll,
Sacramento,- "Children of the Abbey";
Lena Hemphill. Guinda. "Children of the
Abbey"; Kate Peters, 962 East Sixteenth
street. Oakland. "Flower Fables": Ned
Fawtelle. Rosevilie, "Tom Brown's School
Days"; M. Thompson. 2330 Twenty-fourth
street. San Francisco. "Children of the
Abbey"; Kenneth Pyle. Gllroy, "The
Spy": I^afe Readhead. 2319 Laguna street.
Ran Francisco. "Hunting In the Great
West": BertJe Vierra. Moss. "Adventures
In. Cuba": Hattle Strahle. 1374 Church
street. San Francisco, "Princess of tho
Moor"; Wesley -fcGulre, 126 Erie street-
San Francisco. "Queenle's Whim"; Jamea
HIsIop. Stockton. "The Spy";. Elsie Beck
er, East Oakland. "The Deerslayer"' El
sie McKenzle. U29 Sacramento street" San
Francisco. "Hurting In the Great West"-
Helen Kearn. 224 San Jose avenue. San
Francisco. "Tom Brown's SchooKDays"-
Sadie Ruff. 425 Bryant street. San^Franl
Cisco, "The Earl Queen": Ruth Bowers
Berkeley. "Water Babies"f Eva ColeraaV
624 Post street. San Francisco. '.'The Lone
Ranch": Audrey Cooper. Suisnjn "Tom
Brown's School Days"; Josephine Leavl*t!
509 Point Lohos avenue. San Franciwn
"Flower Fables": Ma g£ ! e Blake. Oa£
land. "Queenie'sWhlm"; Allan -Marshall
612 Fell street. San Francisco "A N«i
Fashioned Girl": Ethel da Gomez aZ
burn. "Queenie'a Whim." * Aa "
THE STJNDAT.! CALIi.
PUZZLES AND
RIDDLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
fill Out the Coupon
and * Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday* Call, S. F.
To Passle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Traadsoos
Below la th*ir fxopsv turn-
b«rs plMse find my aolutloa of
the "«Tp** of Sagland's Rulers
represented in this week's name'
ptisxlesi
i" X ...MMM..li...lTM.V "
I -- \ f \ .
% -*t jrr tin fanaw
i : ' s ) f ¦¦ '• .-
m n--iTffi>-|' iM-niiir inT — r~irr
8 ninmmnmiiiiiiimi n
¦ -" • :¦'
• —----- — — --------¦---
« :
0 ..•••••AMUft» lM . M
Xy solcttoa «f this week's
Fairy Riddle is
j"i' ¦
Asgust 30, 1003.
3iams ,. ••*«••&»••
.Street or P. O....
State .._
'¦¦•¦¦-
11 1 win Z choose for prlxs 'l'~
SIXTY BEJtUTIFULMMI^'PTtlZF '^-^^SMW^S^^m^^Sunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CAM*.THE SUNDAY CALL.SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; AUGUST 30; 1903-FbRTY^ErGHT PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued on Page 20, Column 5.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.— A itoort has
b'en received at the Navy Department
from the commandant' of the navy yard
at New York saying that an examination
of tho Massachusetts clnce she had been
in drydock shows that It will cost $42,000
to repair the damages which ehe recently
•ustaincd near Bar Harbor.
Repairs Will Cost $42,000.
Continued on Pag* 22, Coluuan 4.
Lalcly I>r. Ibsen has been able to take
rhort walk or drive dally.
Drive Daily.
COPENHAGEN, Aug. 29.— The condition
r Honrik Ibsen, the Norwegian dramat
t. who has been 111 for &otne time and
lio was reported by a Berlin paper toj
ay to be near death, has undergone no
«-ont change, 4 and It Is announced hero
iat the patient Is In no immediate dan-
Norwegian Dramatist Is Able to
Take a Short Walk or-
CONDITION OP IBSEN
IS NOT NOW ALARMING
Ferdinand W. Peck of Chicago Talks
' Glowingly of the Outlook for
Material Prosperity. . •
SEATTLE. Aug. 29.-Ferdlnand "W.
Peck, tho Chicago millionaire, returned
to-day from a long trip through "Alaska
and to the Siberian coast, where tho
North-east Siberia Company, of which he
is a director. Is operating on large Rus
sian concessions. .- Peck is enthusiastic
over the trip from ' the standpoint of a
pleasure excursion . and ; talks * glowingly
of the outlook for material prosperity in
the north. . , ;
< •;Thc>€eward y Peninsula," said I'eck. "is
destined to become the greatest gold pro
ducing country tho world. has evtr known.
The output from tho- vicinity of Nome
will this year exceed $8,000,000 - and will
increase yearly.' I 1 visited all the camps
of . the rcgfaji and also . personally-- in
spected" the -tin deposits. in the vicinity
of, Cape York: These , a re vast | and ,va!
uable. Our. operations Jn : Siberia aro pro
ceeding satisfactorily, "and ;.wo jhave.no
doubt of, successful Iresulta. - but as .' this
la.our.nrstiyear.ln the field there is noth
ing: definite to' give ; out . as yet.", : .%-':
"¦¦ Peck, leaves for his j home to-morrow. •
RETURNS FROM A TRIP
TO THE SIBERIAN COAST
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 28 (Friday).
—Very. ( little news was received to-day
from the foreign consulates' in Macedonia.
The/Austrian Consul' at Uskub ' reports
that , a detachment' of troops pasains the
Austrian consulate discharged their riflea
at^the consulate.' : No one was hurt','**
¦ Tho rpersohs-sent.to' reopen "' the llght
houso atKuruh-Burgun, in Ad la Bay, re
port ..that it has been completely de
stroyed. '
An imperial lrade has been. issued or*
dering 'the 'mobilization of 60,000 troop3 at
Kossovo, Roumanla," about" fifty ' miles
from Uskub. Great excitement prevails
in Albania,. where the whblo population Is
eager to enlist! A telegram to-day : an
nounces the impending arrival of .'a shlp
load'of rifles for the Albanian volunteers.
It . is . understood that the \ revolutionists
are making a strong bid for the stmport
of : the. Turkish population against the
Turkish Government.-
SALONICA, , Aug. 23. T It is offi
cially announced* that the seven battal
ions [. of ¦ troops j which have been
Investing Nevaka (captured August 27 by
the Insurgents, who killed 200 of the 240
men composing the garrison) have recap
tured that place.
olutionaries succeeded in crossing the
frontier and fighting Is proceeding In the
direction of Raslos.
A prlvato-;telegram from Rlla.'V/orty
rhilea ¦ f rora -.this ; city, says . the , Bulgarian
"troops on the i frontier, have been ordered
to combine ¦ .with : the . .Turkish
forces In order, to prevent insurgent bands
from „ entering Macedonia. -^ Despite - the
concentration of 'forces.' however.' 100 rev-
• The barracks at DImitka, near Adrian
ople, have been blown, up and the garrison
killed. Four thousand Albanians are pil
laging tho villages In the districts of Ok
rlda tand' Krushevo. The latter district
•-has tie'en deserted by the population, who
have joined the insurgents in the ; moun
tains. The Turkish forces In the frontier
districts have been • largel y Increased.
* Reports \ from ; Constantinople ¦ say . that
700 "medical, and. veterinary students and
army cadet3 have been given their di
plomas and commissions without having
passed the usual examinations and have
been drafted vlrito^.tho third, array corps.
; A; number "of villages ln"th<ii frontier dis
trict of Dubnitza have been burned.
torn ,up for .a distance • of 150
meters. Tho insurgents, have blown up
the lighthouse at Vasiliko and now occu
py all, the principal points along the Black
Sea coast. .
' OFIA, Aug. 29.— A telegram from
f* I>eren says the railroad station at
¦ . Ekshl has' been blown up, a.num
\^P ber of officials killed and the. rails
VIEW OF. TURKISH , FORTIFICATIONS ;IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD [ OF
CONSTANTINOPLE AND THE .ACTING SECRETARY OP THE
NAVY WHO HAS DIRECTED THE PROGRESS OF OUR "WARSHIPS.
The dispatch of tho American warships
to Turkish waters Is a source of the
greatest anxiety to the Minister. Although
confident himself that the "Washington
Government's only motive In taking this
action waa to protect American citizens,
he fears it may have tho opposite effect,
and render, more difficult the efforts . of
tho Sublime Porte to afford protection to
foreigners. "The appearance of the Euro
pean squadron off Beirut will. It Is point
ed out, be taken by the revolutionists as
an evidence of the "Washington Govern-
MINISTER IS WOBRIED.
that the Brooklyn and San
Francisco will sail from "Genoa for Beirut
Sunday; They have been delayed by coal
ing. The order for them to proceed to
Beirut has not been changed.
Acting Secretary Darling to-day sent a
cablegram to Rear Admiral Cotton, In
forming him that Vice Consul Magelssen
had not been killed, but bad been fired
upon. This wa3 done to apprise the com
manding officer of the scuadron of ths
true situation at Beirut.
The collier Alexander to-day was re
ported at Malta on her way to Manila
with coal ' for the Asiatic station. She
will next report at Port Said, and If the
exlgency is then necessary she will be
held to supply the cruisers of the Euro
pean scuadron with coal.
8AYVILLE, L. I.. Aug. 3.— Alarmed at
the critical condition of American-Turkish
relations, Chekib Bey, tho. Sublime Porte'a
envoy to. the United States, is hastening
to "Washington for a «onference with Sec
retary Hay. The Minister hurriedly left
his summer legation here to-night for
"Washington, and because of the gravity
of the situation it Is the Minister's Inten
tion to ask Secretary Hay to forego tho
customary formalities and receive him Im
mediately. The conference, probably will
j occur at Mr. Hay's bouse to-morrow aft
, ernoon.<jjjj$H|
W.V qASHINGTON, Aug. 23.— Tha
-J'W'.j Navy Department has re-
B M ' M ceived a ¦• cablegram, from
Q^^n/f Rear Admiral Cotton saying
jimerican Warships
; Make Haste to -
¦¦¦* Beirut.
From ' 1800 j. to . 1»00 . San -Francisco in
creased her assessment $110,000,000, while
the rest of the State. Los Angeles County
excluded, dropped back $30,000,000, making
a difference * of $149,C00,O00/ In'the'thirtecn
years j frpin- 1890 San Francisco Increased
Its ¦ : assessment $127,000,000, : l while ' :Los
Assessor Dodge then read a letter from
Thomas Magee &' Sons, in which it was
stated that in all sales made by that firm
tho prices given were correct, but that
when" sales were mado by other' firms
they had to rely mainly on "reports of
prices, which were largely hearsay and
which they had no means of verifying.
Later Dodgo read a list of ¦ properties
sold, all of which had been uttd by the
board's expert in making hfs deductions
relating to the assessments of mortgages.
Dodge said these sale? would show the
fallacy*of depending upon real estate re
ports for the purpose of making compari
sons; of , values. Ho said Thomas Mageo
&/ Sons had admitted the correctness of
the revisions in prices he (Dodge) had
made' from' the published' reports.: Ono
pieco" of .'property reported- to have, been
sold for $300,000 ,had actually brought J250,
000, said Assessor Dodge. Another piece
reported sold for" ?60,000 actually, brought
but • $52,000, and to on- through a long- list,
which went to show that a little booming
had been -dono in the properties which
were changing hands frequently.
Dodge, further declared that the attempt
oT the expert of the board to show that
he had not assessed the mortgages re
ferred to according to the value of the
property, as determined by sales reported
by Thomas Magee & Sons' Real Estate
Bulletin, wus manifestly unfair. The ex
pert. Dodge asserted, had taken reports of
sales made. on a. rising market and in a
section of tho city where a boom was in
progress and months after the assessment
rolls had been completed.
PRICES ARE INFLATED.
In San Francisco, Dodge said, the banks
will lend two or three times a« much
money on gilt-edge city property as they
will on country properties. He then read
a number of letters from the officials of
savings banks in San Francisco, in all of
which the statement was made that on
city property loans to the extent of 80 per
cent of .the valuation were made, whereas
on country property the amount ran from
30 to 33 1-3 per cent.
the property Itself, was assessed for, while
In San Francieco the reverse is the case.
TAC.OMA. Wash., Aug.
mail service between Skagway and Daw
son will be better than ever before in its
history. The Canadian Government has
contracted to have 2100 pounds of letters,
magazines and papers taken in weekly
during the" winter. This will include all
matter in transit through the Canadian
strip en route to the American Yukon.
For this service the Canadian Govern
ment will pay $7f>.000 annually. About a
sixth of this Is for the summer service
and. the rest for. the more difficult Winter
service. Under the new' contract about
double the bulk of mail matter is to be
carried and three times as many trips will
be made.
A White Pass company has secured a
four years' contract' to carry all the mall
between Dawson and. White Horse, sum
mer and winter. All classes of mall will
be carried both ways in summer without
limit or restriction as to quantity. In win
ter all classes 'will be • carried out from
Dawson, but only first-class mail, news
papers in single wrappers'and magazines
in single. wrappers, addressed to individ
ual subscribers, are to be carried.'
Arranges for Better Mail Service Be
tween Skagway and Dawson
During Winter .Season.
CANADIAN . GOVERNMENT
, CLOSES A, BIG, CONTRACT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACKAMEN'TO, ; Aug. 23. -San
Francisco city and county, was
before tb«5 State Board of Equal-
JzLAon to-day on .a citation to
- 'show cause why .the assessment
for 1&03 ehould not be ralBed. ,
Dr. ,- Washington Dodge, Assessor of
San Francisco, presented .the . case for
tho -.municipality and county and made. a
strong argumfnt against' an Increase by
tlie | Hoard. A large delegation of San
Franciscans was in attendance -upon, the
meeting to-day, Including Mayor Eugene
E. Schmlt^ Auditor il. Bachr, Tax-Col
lector E. Smith, Supervisors H. H. Brand
ensteln and II. Payut and Deputy Asses
sors A. D. MieeegaB, W. B. Prichard and
John Corbet L
Han Francisco shows a net Increase of
$7,662,517 over the assessment of last year,
the total for 1503 btlng '1427,641.648.- As
sessor Dqfieo brought a mass of figures
dealing with the details of his assess
mer'swhlch he . presented . to the board
and he \ras_at all times prepared to com
bat tucces-fullj- any proposition aimed
a.t making an Increase In the roll, j He
proceeded at once to show* the injustice
of the board's method of treating, mort
gag« values in San Kranelsco.
The, board's expert had returned a long
list embracing more than 3003 mortgages
•n which the assessed value of the mort
gagee, was eet opposite the assessed value
of the property on which the mortgages
were made. ' ,-\-
Aseessor Dodge said that in this list
the dates of the mortgages were not
given, but were contrasted from the aa
eessed - property valuations of 1902. He
rea-3 down the list which showed that
the mortgage values were greater than
the value of tho property. Dodge then
ehowed that under his assejsment for this
year theee property values arc In ex
cess of tho mortgages and the claim of
the board's expert that $1,500,000 had es
caped taxation in this manner had no
foundation in fact.
ASSESSMENT OF MORTGAGES.
Dodge declared the list to be valueless
for the purpose of equalising: the assess
ment for 1D03. lie said he did not like the
idea of the board's expert making out the
list as he did. for it put the city and the
Assessor, apparently, in the 1 position of
assessing mortgages at a far lower! figure
than the value of the' properties given as
security warranted. Again. Dodge said,
be did not like to be brought before the
board to be told that in interiorcounties
mortgages were a^erscd* at more than
Assessor Dodge Makes a Forcible Argument
Before the State Board of Equalization.
CITY OFFICIALS WHO APPEARED BEFORE THE STATE BOARD OF
EQUALIZATION .YESTERDAY TO PROTEST 'AGAINST .A PROPOSED
INCREASE -IN -.THE ASSESSMENT OF THE MUNICIPALITY.
". » •' ¦ • •' ' ' |
schooner Brvak of Day. running to sSouth
< uba and the island?, it was learnt that
tlf Presbyterian church is the only one
represented in the islands and that this
tJi-nominatlon had a line stone edifice in
Georgetown and other structures on the
smaller island*. The government building
is the only other ptonc structure. A large
.vchoolhouse and a hospital were con
structed of wood, end it Is believed both
wore destroyed.
The inlands were visited by a hurricane
in 157C which did fearful damage and cre
ated great distress. It has bwn learned
that imruense trcc-s which escaped the
i'ury of the wind in that year were up
rooted during the last visitation. This Is
evidence of the greater force of this wind
and creatf* the belief that only stone
buildings are left in Georgetown. One let
ter received here described the destruction
of 140 houses, but does not state the fate
'«f tlielr inhabitants. -i .' •'¦'¦ '¦
It will be the middle of nest week be
fore tlie whole damage and loss of life
<f,n be accurately gauged, but enough is
known to create fear that the gulf has not
been visited *ith euch a eerics of disas
ters shtce the Galvcston catastrophe.
The islands; did an extensive trade with
Mobile in • bananas, limfi. cocoanuts.
oransres and other tropical fruits, and
imrchas»'-d from lierc in return as high as
f.^m i«O worth of foodstuffs per rear, be
sides la'-ge quantities of lumber and build
ing material. .
From Captain Henry C Bodden. former
ly of Cayman but now master o' the
.nhabitauts of the three islands. Most of
:hc people owned their own homes and
he majority were very comfortable. The
population was divided, before the fierce
•r*-ath uf the tropical elements swept the
Elands, as follows: Grand Cayman., G000,
W0 being residents in Georgetown; Cay
mn Brae. 4000. and little Cayman, 500.
if:e people and the fact that there was
ahsol'Jtclr iio poverty among the 10,000
Is S. Sangutnetti. A liberal policy <jl gov
'rnment Is displayed in the education of
Cayman, about seventeen miles long and
from four to seven in width; Uttle Cay
man and Cayman Brae, are !n latitude
I'j degrees north, off the south coast of
Cuba and between that Island and Ja
maica, being part of the British West
ladies. The British commissioner there
a. tree Jcft Etaodlng on any of the ilsands,
ihat hundreds of houses were destroyed
and that famine threatens the people.
7"b* estimate of the loss of Uf*_i* speo
:!iitivc In the absence of- definite nerrs,
b'Jt it Is believed that at least 1000 per
sons have swished.
The islands, which consist of Grand
MOBILE. Ala., At:?. 29.— AH informa
ttoa reaching this city of the results of
the hurricane which visited th© Cayman
Islands on the lltli of this month con-
Jlrm the first f«ars that disaster has over
taken the inhabitants of the Islands. All
correspondence which has reached hero
via Cienfuego?, Cuba, agrees that the
hurricane attained a velocity of moro
iliau 100 miles an hour, that there la not
?;ecial I?l«patcb to The Call
Hurricane's Terrible De
vastation Is Not Yet
Fully Known.
If one of the Group Has
a Single Tree Left
Standing.
The Coos Bay road has not been sur
veyed. As projected in a general way,: It
is to run from Coos -Bay, one hundred
miles north of the California line, south
west through, rich timber and agricul
tural . districts In Southern Oregon, and
across northern Nevada and Utah into
Salt Lake.
• It is the Intention to, build up a' .port
at Coos Bay which will bid against .Port
land and Seattle for the' great and grow
ing trade of 'the' Pacific Northwest and
of Siberia, China. Korea, and Japan. The
construction of. tlie Siberian railroad has
given, an •Immense .impetus to the trade
of the northwest ports and Gould, backed,
by Rockefeller, is determined to have a
share of it.
SALT LAKE. Aus. CD.— If George Gould
carries outhis plans, ¦within a short time
ho will have' reached the ' Pacific' Coast
•with -n - railroad in' two places," one In
California and the .other in Oregon. Di
rectly from a man intimately connected
with the Western Pacific Railroad cornea
the Information that the Coos Bay-Rail
road project Is/part of the same general
scheme. _\V«tle the two roads may retain
separate corporate identlticf; the manage
ment will bo something like' that of the
Unknr'PaciHc ai.<i-the Orppon Short Lino.'
Tliey^arojtoeiiig. backod by the same Ini
ter'esf. y\.Tjte^V<wtetn '.'PaicVleV Vs 'to ">con-;
nect the Oould system at Salt Lake with
San" Francisco,! while tho Coos Bay; road
is'to form' a Jink between Salt Lake and
the northwestern coast.
Spscial UUpatch to The Call
Expects to Give the Port
Great Commercial
Importance.
. , —? :
One Will Connect Salt
Lake City and the
Northwest.
Plans Two Lines to
the Pacific
Coast, " ¦
One Thousand Per
sons Perish on
Caymans, o
GOLD WILL
BUILD ROAD
T0 COOS BAY
ISLANDERS
THREATENED
BY FAMINE
Insurgents Blow Up Lighthouse and Station,
and Control the Black Sea Coast.
PRODUCES FIGURES TO SHOW
WHY THE CITY'S ASSESSMENT
ROLL SHOULD NOT BE RAISED
rOFIA, Aug. 29.— The Dnevnik publishes a report that one section of the town of Adrianople is in. ashes and that three other
sections are burning, inhabitants are panic-stricken and the authorities have lost all control. The Turks are committing
wholesale massacres. An unsuccessful attempt was made, the Dnevnik advices add, to blow up the westbound Orient express
between Ushunkisktri c and Tchernkeskia. Only the 3 jlocomotive, however, was derailed.
RUINING FLAMES SWEEP ADRIANOPLE AND FEROCIUS TURKS
ENGAGE IN CRUEL MASSACRE OF THE HELPLESS INHABITANTS
Continued on Page 22, Column 2»
Pages 21 to 32
Pages 21 to 32
VOLUME XCIY-NO. 91.
The San Francisco CallSpain Has Enormous Gun.
MADRID, '--Aug. 23.— General Ordonez
has invented a gun which, it is claimed,
Is tho most powerful in the world. It dis
charges a projectile weighing 507 pounds,
and has a range of over ten miles. At
over 2600 yards it pierced a steel plate
twenty-two Inches thick.
Judge F. W. Boyle, a Commissioner of
the St. Louis Exposition, who has been
touring the Yosemlte, arrived at the Pal
ace yesterday.
"Your officials are supremely just and
have always treated me with such con
sideration that I am confident the Wash
ington Government will appreciate my
country's position and not be disposed
to act impatiently."
"I am going to Washington to do what
I can to preserve the good relations be
tween your country and mine. I think
the reports of the troubles In Turkey are
exaggerated, but I know all is not well
there.
"Can you wonder that a feeling of, I
won't say hostility, but coldness Is arous
ed among my countrymen toward those
who are forever blaming them? I do not
think the European powers are as glad
as they profess to be that your squad
ron has gone to Turkish waters. They
would be still more dissatisfied if they
found that the Washington Government
stood ready to help Turkey in her trou
bles.
"But we have the missionaries and my
Government earnestly- strive* to protect
them. It is merely Justice, however, that
when the missionary comes to Turkey he
•hould confine, himself to the religious and
intellectual training of his pupils and not
endeavor to make them dlssatinned with
their present form of government. I am
sure you do not expect us to encourage
the undermining of .our Government.
"You ask me about the massacres in
Turkey. These unfortunately do occur.
But do they not occur in Christian lands?
No one would be so foolish as to hold your
Government" responsible every time a
negro Is lynched. Tour Government de
plores these outrages, but it cannot al
ways prevent them. So does Turkey de
plore the massacres, and we are to-day
doing all in our power to prevent them.
And yet If a massacre occurs in Bulgaria
the cry goes up: 'Down with the Turks.*
And when my Government sends troops
to Bulgaria to punish the guilty the same
cry is heard. It is always the Turk who
gets the blame.
"Suppose I should establish in Wash
ington a school for negroes and my teach
ers should tell the negroes attending that
school that they ought not to submit to
lynching and should rebel. Do you think
I would remain In . this country lonr, or
that my school would flourish? This Is
a aide a* th© question that is not often
heard. . .• • •?
frequently of what some returned mis
sionary from Turkey has to say about
wiping my country off the map of Eu
rope. I am advised that certain mission
aries when they go to 'Turkey are con
stantly arousing- the Armenians against
the Moslems. They even talk to the Ar
menians about exterminating us. Is that
not inciting the Armenian subjects to re
bellion? .. • j >
Representative of Abdul Hamid Makes a State
ment in Defense of Sovereign's Attitude.
Continued From Page 21, Column 7.
SULTAN'S ENVOY FEARS THAT THE APPEARANCE OF UNCLE SAM'S FLEET
MAY ENCOURAGE THE REVOLUTIONISTS TO COMMIT APPALLING CRIMES
Grim Cruelties of Battling Forces Unparalleled in
History of the World's Warfare.
Between ppeeches there were songs by
J. J. Fitzpatrick, T. J. Cavanagh and T.
Jones. The gathering: was one of the
most pleasant of the forestic order of the
year.
Court Aurora No. 2 celebrated the twen
ty-fifth anniversary of its institution by
a banquet in a Powell street rotlsserle on
August 27. There were more : than two
hundred at the festal board, | more than
one-half being ladies. Of the charter
members of the court there were only
four to enjoy the festivities of the even
ing- During- the time the supper was be
ing served an orchestra discoursed sweet
music and when popular airs were ren
dered the members and guests became an
impromptu singing club. Dr. A. Nus
baum was the toastmaster and he called
upon the following named to . respond to
toasts: Dr. C. M. Troppmann. grand re
cording secretary: Daniel. 1 Teare, grand
trustee; E.. C. Stock, grand senior beadle;
H. Haab, grand treasurer; Frank C.
Conklln and -Leo Kauffman. ' ' _
The health of Grand Secretary Jno. J.
Cordy, grand secretary t and Jacob Label,
editor of the American Forester Review,
both members of the court; but absent at
the supreme court session in Providence,
R. I., was drunk standing. . After. -the
toasts there was a parting song and' good
•wishes for the prosperity of Court Aurora.
An excellent supper ,avas served and
after the dessert A. Brinkman, the toast
master, after making a few remarks ap
propriate to the occasion, called upon A.
Kiohn of the court tqj respond to "Justice
No. 16," then upon District Deputy C. P.
Wilson, Grand Treasurer Frank Conklln,
E. C. Stock and Thomas Sewell.
Last evening Court. Justice No. 16 of
the Foresters of America ¦ celebrated the
nineteenth anniversary of Its organiza
tion by a banquet In one of the down
town restaurants. . There were about one
hundred and fifty at the banquet table
and the celebration was conducted under
the supervision of E. C. Brehm, E. Sewell,
A. Brinkman, R. E. Hancock. S. A. Mc-
Leod, W. Brown, P. Becker, J. J. Griffln,
W. Bacon and F. Hembie.i .:>...•,;..;
tion at Festal Board.
Two Courts of This City Celebrate
Anniversaries of Their Institu-
AMERICAN FORESTERS "~
' '¦; -IN BANQUETING MOOD
THERAPIA, Aug. 27. 1903.— Secretary of
State. Washington: Minister for Foreign Af
faire has Just sent me word" stating that re
ported assassination of American Vice Consul
was entirely false, adding that security of
Beirut district Is perfect. Am without fur
ther advices from Consul Ravndal and unable
to account for such .conflicting statements.
Will report further as soon, as I can obtain
necessary/Information. LEISHMAN
The insurgents have become more apgree
«ive in Eastern Roumella since the visit of
Russian war vessels, and the passenger train
from Europe was blown up with dynamite
this morning about fifty miles from Constan
tinople, killing or wounding most of the pas
sengers. LEISHMAN.
The troubles. In Macedonia become' worss and
more extended each day, and outside of. the
necessity which may present Itself of sending
a ship to Beirut to force a proper • • •
It seems to me advisable to keep. a ship within
easy range of Turkish waters in order to be In
position more fully to protect American citi
zens should the revolution assume more alarm
ing: proportions. - ..
THERAPIA, Aug. 27. 1903.— Secretary of
State. Washington.— I have made proper rep
resentations to the Sublime Porte with refer
ence to the assassination of Vice Consul, but
pending- reception of fuller details and also
your instructions 1 have made no demands
other than asking for Investigation and ex
planations which the Minister for Foreign Af
fairs aseured would be given immeili^u. at
tention.
WASHINGTON, Aug: 29— The full text,
of the dispatches of Minister Lelshman,'
bearing on the Magelssen affair, with
the exception of the ' one received last
night faying the Vice Consul had not
been killed, is as follows':
THERAP1A. Aug. 27. 1903.— Secretary 'of
State, Washington. — Just received telegram
from Consul of the United States at Beirut
advising me that the Vice Consul at Beirut
was assassinated last Sunday night -whll
driving In carriage. Murderer unseen ami
unknown. No explanation Is given for delay
in reporting: the case, but Consul adds that re
ply of Governor is unsatisfactory. Have asked
for further particulars and will at once make
vigorous representations at the Sublime Porte.
<S!*ned) LEISHMAN.
Full Text of Messages From Minister
.at Constantinople. - ¦
LEISHMAN'S DISPATCHES.
The papers add that the methods of the
new world are likely to have effect,
whereas the Sultan laughs scornfully at
the old-time diplomats.
ROME, Aug. 29.— The newspapers here
warmly praise American energy, which
they say does not "wait for red tape
diplomacy." but when the United States
Is offended "proceeds to. the point Imme
diately, showing Turkey what she may
expect if the United States fails to re
ceive prompt satisfaction." .
Italian Newspapers Say Our Methods
Are Effective.
PRAISE AMERICAN ENERGY.
. Another newspaper comments on the
"nervousness of the diplomats at Constan
tinople," and attributes to that feellng.the
mistake made in deciphering the Beirut
dispatch.
BERLIN, Aug. 23.— The German news
papers ecoff at the error in deciphering
the Beirut dispatch received by Minister
Lelshman at Constantinople. The Nation,
al Zeitung calls Leishman's explanation
a "mystification." and lectures the au
thorities at Washington on, the desirabil
ity of "care in these critical times." ...
SCOFF AT ERROR.
German Papers Lecture the Authori
ties at Washington.
REFUSES TO ACCEPT
RESIGNATION OP COBOS
Colombian President Not Willing
That General Shall Retire as *
Result of Disturbance.
BOGOTA, via Buena Ventura. Aug. 29. —
General Alfredo Vasquez Cobos. Colom
bian Minister of War. has tendered his
resignation a* a result of the occurrence
o* July 23 last. President Marroquln.
however, has refused to accept General
Cobos' resignation.
WORST RUN ON RECORD.
Fraser River Salmon Pack Shows an
Enormous Decrease.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 20.— Hon.
Raymond Prefontaine, Minister of Marine
and Fisheries, has telegraphed from Ot
tawa to the Fraser River Canneries As
sociation of Vancouver that he cannot
close down the salmon fishing on the
Fraser for a couple of weeks as requested
by them. The fishermen, who have con
tracts with the canners, and the small
canners, are officers of the association.
The Dominion Minister of Fisheries for
the Province, C. B. Sword, is said to have
LONDON, Aug. 29.— The officials of^ the
Foreign Office here are greatly puzzled
over the error In its official cable mes
sage announcing the assassination of Wil
liam C. Magel8sen. the American Vice and
Deputy Consul at Beirut. Syria. They re
iterated to-day that the message was
transmitted through the British Embas
sador at Constantinople from the British
Consul at Beirut. No correction has been,
sent either by the Embassador or by the
Consul.
No Denial of Story of Assassination
Received.
LONDON IS PUZZLED.
•'Now, there is that other troublesome
question of missionaries. Do not under
stand me as criticizing the missionary,
for I must again remind you we are tol
erant people. ; - We have allowed the mis
sionaries great liberties, and. with what
result? I read" in the American papers
AS TO MISSIONARIES.
"If some of your States question the
quality of your medical schools Is It sur
prising, that my .Government .insists on
examining' American physicians? ,And
why, if your physicians are so thoroughly
educated, do they object to standing an
examination when they come to Turkey
to practice? It will require time to adjust
this question;, but. you know, the Turk
is very tolerant, and I am sure my Gov
ernment will take a liberal view of the
matter. . . .
. "No, I have not heard that. I hope It is
not that bad., Of course, if your Govern
ment desires it I shall go, but let us not
take such a serious view of the situation.
What demands do you refer to? Patience
is necessary in international affairs. My
sovereign has promised what you have
asked, or the post of your requests, and
he will certainly carry out his promises.
You must remember that my country is
very much occupied at present, and ' I
hope the Washington Government will ap
preciate this and not Insist on a final set
tlement of all controversies until the In
terior troubles have quieted.
"You have asked for certain privileges
for doctors and students. You want your
physicians admitted on certificate to
practice in Turkey. My Government is
very careful of the kind of doctors it li
censes to practice. If your Government
would itself approve the diplomas of. the
American schools of medicine your physi
cians would be admitted without exam
ination. This is the reason that the
French and other European physicians
are admitted on certificate. The medical
schools in those countries are under the
supervision, as it were, of the govern
ments. In this country a man licensed to
practice In one State would in some cases
not be allowed : to ' practice in another
without examination.
"Despite the reports to the contrary,"
he replied, "and the efforts of the Euro
pean powers to have it otherwise, I be
lieve the affair was without political sig
nificance, and that the attack was made
by a personal enemy of your Vice Consul.
The unfortunate feature of.it is that,
coming at this time, the revolutionists
will attempt to profit by the occurrence
and it is this which renders the situation
grave." ¦ -. ¦
"Do you think your Government real
izes the seriousness of purpose with
which the squadron goes to Beirut?"
"My Government would be very unwil
ling to believe that anything but the best
relations exist between it and the United
States. Of course, the worst may come,
and relations be broken off, but 1 do not
think so. I am hoping the other way. I
can think of nothing more disastrous than
a severance of diplomatic relations be
tween the two countries. We will not
speculate about that."
"Has your Excellency heard any rumor
that the Washington Government's pro.
gramme calls /or a seizure of one or more
ports in the event that the Sultan refuses
the American demands, and that this in
turn would be followed by the recall of
Minister Lelshman, and possibly your own
departure from the United States?"
PATIENCE IS NECESSARY.
¦ "I appreciate fully the reasons for the
dispa-tch of the American squadron.
Rear Admiral Cotton Is carrying his
shipa to protect the lives of American
citizens, but have you considered that
this may have the opposite effect and
stimulate the revolutionists to further
outrages, thereby increasing the- difficul
ties In the way of the Porte's protection
of foreigners? I must refuse at this time,
however, to comment on this. I fervently
hope immediate relief will be forthcom
ing." '
"Have you any idea what motive in
spired the attack on Mr. Magelssen?" fie
was asked.
"I was profoundly distressed." he said,
"at the news from Beirut, and believed
there must have been some mistake, be
cause I had heard nothing about it from
my Goernment. The news to-day con
firms this belief.
"What I may say about the Turkish-
American relations will. I hope, be re
ceived in the spirit in which it is said, for
it has always been my endeavor during
the three years that I have represented
the Porte in the United States to work al
ways for the better relations of the two
countries, and I shall certainly not cease
in my efforts in this direction at a critical
time like this. But what can I say? It
now appears that your Vice Consul was
not assassinated." .
"But does that lessen the gravity of the
situation materially?" the Minister was
asked. ¦ ,,
"However that may be, you must admit
that my Government has done all that it
could be expected to do. As soon as the
local authorities learned of the affair
they called at the American consulate
and expressed their regret and promised
to^do all in their power to apprehend and
punish the guilty, person. In addition, the
Foreign Office has offered the strongest
official assurances to the same effect.
FEAR OF. OUTRAGES.
Chekib Bey has slept little since hear
ing the report of Mr. Magelssen's at
tempted assassination. The night follow
ing he walked the floor until 6 o'clock the
next morning. When a press representa
tive called at the modest little cottage at
Say v!Ue to-day, where the ' Minister has
established Bummer headquarters, the
diplomat had Just read in the morning pa
pers of the mistake in Minister Leish
man's message and was evidently greatly
relieved. He talked freely of the pres
ent situation and did not conceal the fact
that ho thought the outlook bad. Some
of his remarks regarding Turkey's inter
national complications, he requested,
should be considered confidential, but
in the hope that he might be able to say
something to- the American people that
would relieve the tension of public feeling
here, ho consented to the publication of a
large part of the conversation.
VIEWS OF A DIPLOMAT.
Until he receives Instructions from Con
stantinople CheKib Bey will not request
the Washington Government to withdraw
the squadron, but he will call Secretary
Hay's attention to the situation in Tur
key, hoping that the State Department
might do somethlne to relieve the em
barrassment of the Porte.
No word has been received by the Min
ister of the attack on the American Vice
Consul at Beirut and he has been with
out official advices concerning events in
Turkey for more than a week, lie hopes
to find -instructions awaiting him in
Washington, upon which' will depend
largely the scope of his conference with
Secretary Hay. There is a possibility that
the Washlnston Government may be of
service to the Sultan in solving his inter
national difficulties, and it is this, as well
as the local troubles at Beirut, which is
calling Cheklb Bey to Washington.
merit's sympathy with their cause, and
thus arouse them to renewed atrocities.
The War Minister haa been authorita
tively informed that a revolution will
break out in a few days in the districts
of Seres, Strumllsa and Raslog. He is
taking the necessary military measures.
Bulgarians are very numerous in that
part of Eastern Macedonia and their op
erations are facilitated by the mountain
ous country and its proximity to Bulga»
rla.
PARIS, Aug. 29.— The Government of
ficials here take great interest in the"
movements and intentions of the Ameri
can warships in the Mediterranean. The
Temps in a leading article says that the
United States, noting the apathy of Eu
rope to the present condition of anarchy
in Turkey, is likely to glvo the powers a
lesson in energy and firmness.
The French newspapers give the great
est prominence to the dispatches referring
to the movements of the American equad
ron. .
FRENCH ARE INTERESTED.
Newspapers Give Prominence to
• • . Movement of Squadron.
LONDON. Aug. 23.— A dispatch to the
Central News from St. Petersburg, saya
M. Witte. the Minister of Finance, has
been promoted to President of the Coun
cil of Ministers, and that Rf: Pleske, Di
rector of the Imperial State Bank, has
been appointed Minister of Finance.
•ST. "PETERSBURG. Aug. 23.-The pro
motion of M. Witte and the appointment
of M. Pleske as Minister of Finance have
not yet been announced.
Minister's Advance to President of
Council Has Not Officially
Been Announced.
LONDON DISPATCH SAYS ; ,f X ;
IS.. WITTE IS PROMOTED
reportttf against the canners' desire. ;...;'
The run has been the worst on record.
The pack amounted to only 180,000 cases.
The average pack is 700,000 cases.
Continued From Page 21, Column 6.
THE FAN FKAK CISCO -CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
22
I WILL GIVE $1000
MrjmF*38S£j*^Af\l An island Plant
iLJLr .f ftij/i/ \x mabes the cures.
*J*- W Any Lnmp in a
WOMAN'S BREAST IS CANCER
A lump or sore on tha lip, face or anywhere
six months Is nearly always cancer. 1 20 pan
book sent free with testimonials of thousands
cured whom you can see.
The Dr. S. fi. Chamley Cancer Cure Co.
"Strictly Reliabls" Two lady assistants.
23 and 25 Third St, San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
rf£f\ Duplicates and Replaces ' A?55S
|jH Broken Eye Glass jQ
T <"p Lenses for 50c. wil
I ' Factory on premises. fcsi
F | Phone Main JO. * 1
\^J QUICK REPAIRING.
VM2 'MAkKEJLSx
DOTTOfJTQ FOR BARBERS. BA-
tjrl U OXliLkJ ker> « bootblacks, bath-
****** K^*"** - ** bouses, billiard tables.
brewer*, bookbinders, candy-makers, cinners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries. Laundries. pape»-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-rcofera. tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHATfATtT BSOS,
Brtxali UauoX acsozezs, 609 Sacramento S*»
TUSCAN
MINERAL SPRINGS,
Located nine mites northeast of Red Bluff on
the line of the Southern Pacific Railway.
Cases of RHEUMATISM, GOUT AND ALL.
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAY FARE, WILL BE REFUNDED.
These, wonderful springs can be reached 07
the Southern Pacific Company's system of rail-
ways and Its connections throughout the- Lnlted
States v .¦".•:
For rates of fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad Agent.
For guarantee or reference to cures effected,
address Medical Department, Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corp.. Tuscan. Cal.
NAPA Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,) Cal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Sprier*. Situated 1000 feet abovt
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths Shetland ponies and burro* for children.
Two trains dally. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Scda Sprtaxs.
£TNA SPRINGS
In September is the best place fh California.
The mountains have donned their autumn
colors. Bowling, drivlnjr. swimming, fishing,
etc. Health-restoring waters. Ideal service.
(? round trip from San Francisco.
ASTZTA SPRING* COMPA3STT.
Aetna- Springs. Hapa. Co., CaJ.
AGUA CAUENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur springs, temperature 113 degrees. No"
staging. Fare $1 10. Sura cur« for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tub
and hot plungo baths. The largest mineral
water swimming tank in the State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs, swimming
teacher. Special rates from now on. Peck's
11 Montgomery St. THEODOR RICHARDS
Agus. Callente, Sonoma Co.
Adams Springs
¦' LAKE COtTNTT. CAL.
STZZiZt EC A 3 THE CSOWS,
BEST W* i
SUPERIOR 8*. .»VICB.
During the rocnth of August th« celebrated
Merced Concert Band la full uniform will b«
«t U»« spring*. .
DR. W. H. PHATHBB. Prop.
VICHY SPRINGS.
8 miles from Ukiab, Mendocino Co. Natural
electrlo waters, champagne baths. Only placa
Is the world of this class. Fishing, busting
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table first-
class. J. A. REDEMEYER A CO.. PropsT '
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours* rail to Boca: stage for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city: round trip. »a»
eluding stage. 91ft 60. good for season. Kates,
.110 ptr week.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BE6WICK. 6ISKIYOU c. :. CAL.
Finest fishing, bunting and bealth resort on
the coast. Scad for booklet.
EDSON BROS.. Proprttton.
DB. PIERCE'S KKlrTTOIES.
fa ifB8y^Bi woman need riot
yA^iLmmtimL. * ear *k e change
vfeSnllDwk which comes as the
fSBH9||BSv beginning of life's
autumn. It is the
Q^||»m -woman who is worn
out, run down and
VmgMJ&i Wk * sufferer from
wfflHiv womanly diseases
wHnSBmtS w k° naturally
YJ^ffistan dreads the change
JjJvmffiHBrr °^ e ' * s tne
MmvSmBBmW critical * period of
ffjyjf Jgjgfftf woman's life, and
gnfe^ t^ ie prevalence of
wM MKVftr womanlv diseases
of every woman
ejjjajjffivj-- **\ who would avoid
unnecessary suffer-
ing to take especial
care of herself at this time.
The ills which vex so many women at
the change of life are entirely avoided,
or cured by the use of Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Preemption. It makes weak
women strong, and enables the weakest
to pass through this trying change with
the tranquility of perfect health.
" I have been a very healthy woman, and this
time has been very hard with me," writes Mrs.
Maggie Morris, of Munson Station. Clearfield
Co,, Pa., Box 16. "I am corae to the time of
change of life, and I have been sick a great deal
off and on. When Mrs. Bemmis moved beside
me I was sick in bed, and when she came to see
me and we were talking over our sickness. Mrs.
Herarais told me to try Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription and 'Golden Medical Discovery.'
also ' Pellets.' I got her to bring me a bottle of
each from the arujr store ana I used them.
They did me a great deal of good, and I rot two
more bottles oP Favorite Prescription.* I never
hw mich a wonderful cure. Before I com-,
menccd your remedies I was good for nothing ;
eras in such misery I hardly knew what to do
¦ with myself, now I can do all my work myself
»nd feel well."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are easy
and pieasant to take.
i ¦
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great
OF; ANATOMY
0 Cft 1851Ki2IIT8T.Ut.Q:h*7ti.S.?.W.
\ C3r The La»ifestAn»tcanlc«l Museum in the
O inn ir^B-i— v "°' ltJ - or any contracted
. SSjBu d'**?"** p* > ' <l< ' | 7rar«< by the oldeM
Q flggSfl bpecialijt on the Com. Ejt. 3* year*.
4 g^gft DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ « ASbl ConnultntivMi free and strictly priratt.
0 1 XaV u Trwimeni personally ft by letter. A
T I flr t» B ftmtin C*rt in rrery cast undertaken.
a 8* I lift Write fw Book. KILOHarnT .f
f I jj II V B4rlRI*GE. MAILED TKT.U. ( A
\ Q lL valuable book for mm)
9 DB. JOKDAN * CO.. 1031 Market 8t.S, F.
y<V^t^^>^^ •% %i
BJ?y H pM ia^*P^ m^m\
¦WSB Em 1 SM SB H SJ ¦¦
_ M'r^i wQS3^ ¥m I Ej w! Cf J 1 B fii
VJaS H KM SB H 1 fl B
CUTLERY
EVERy BLM WARRANTED
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable-. CausM
perfect digestion, compltta a&sorpUoa ; and
healthful regularity. . - .
For the cure of atl disorders of th* Stoma.cn.
L4ver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. 7«mal* Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
•tipatlon. Files and all derancetnents of tha
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At dniMlsts or
bv mall. rad WAT A CO.. New Tort
Santa Catalina Island
S$4 Hour* From Los AageltaV. ~ "' ;
8«a*oa 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOCTt PASTIMES, BOATTNO. BL1TB-
INO. FL9HIKO. GOLF. ETC
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
W1U an Entirely New Equipment, la SitxiM
Grave.
HOTEL METROPOUS,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Addret s
BATOXXG CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRINO ST..
LOS ANGELES, OR
racxrs bureau. 11 uontqomz&x ax*
BAN FRANCISCO.
hotel:
Del Monte
The only xolf links ta California with fall
18- hols course equipped with oerennia] tnrx
mena. ThU course la prorlded exdutlT«l7 far
tfcje ruesta of tha hotel.
T.0* POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ.
GOLF AND SWLMMING
Tte year round. Rates. $3 60 par dar and op.
Special rates by the month on application ta
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Her.
PARAISO SPRINGS
acoBTisxrs- cotjhtt. cax*
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery stTect.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the r*c«pt!on of ruesta.
Oar patrons of last season say: "Ta«
hoa Tavern Is t&« equal of any luxama?
resort - hotel la tha world."
and that LaWe Tahoe haa no equal. Vlalt u»
and prove statement for yourselves. Rates
from S-3.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooma address Taho* TaT«ra«
Tahoa City. CaL
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY IS HOURS FROM SAM FRANC33CO.
OVER OILED ROADS vU WAWONA A.\O
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO' MAKIPOSA BIO
TREE3!
THE ONZ.T ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINTl
For particulars addrcaa X 3. MANN. 013
MARKET ST.. SAN FKANCISCO.
HOTEL WILLITS.
Flrtt - season. New building; a? . to dat»
equipment; ovtr a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; largs dlnlng-rocra; rooms ea suit*
with prlvat* baths; hot and cold water: e!e;-
tric ilghts; first-class plumbing and perfect
t«werage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with atl their pleasures; centar of th«
de«r huntlnc and fishing of Mendoclno County.
12 to $3 SO per day: $10 to Sis p«r wteL Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Maoafsr. WU-
UU, Ueodoclao County, Cat.
kOOS dKIJS.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
If you are a man and are interested
in dressing fashionably and at a moder-
ate cost 5 or if you are a woman who is
interested in a man whom you wish to
see well and fashionably dressed; or if
you are a mother or father who is in-
terested in seeing your boys, from the
little tot of two-and-a-half years to the
grown-up chap who is attending school
or college, becomingly attired \ then you
will find it a pleasure to yisit our estab-
lishment and inspect our exhibit of the
most fashionable apparel for men, boys
and juveniles that has been produced
MOST SKILLFUL DESIGNERS
IN THIS COUNTRY,
The high reputation of our house
is a guarantee that everything we sell is
of the best quality obtainable for the
price. It is our aim, however, to give
our customers more than simple quality
for the price. Clothes bought of us
possess an individual character not to be
found in any other establishment west
of New York City, though our prices,
notwithstanding this, are always, quality
considered, extremely moderate.
KEARNY AT POST
DE. KILMES'S SWAHIP-B00T.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-SOOT,
The Wonderful Kidney, Liver and
Bladder Remedy.
SA1IFLE BOTTLE SENT FBEE BT MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the eminent
kidney and bladder epeclaliit, promptly
curvs kidney, liver, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kifir.eys are pain or dull ache in the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, nerv-
ousness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel or
calculi, bloating, sallow complexion, puf-
fy or dark circles unJer the eyes, suppres-
elon of urine, or compelled to pass water
often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the
world-famous kidney remedy. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root. Is soon realised. It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
ot the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine y<. l should have tha beat.
Swamp-Root is not Tecommended for
everything, but i: you have kidney, liver,
bladder or uric add trouble you will find
It Just the remedy you need.
Sold by druggists m fifty-cent and one-
dollar eizes. You- may have a sample bot-
tle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells ail about It. including
many of the thousands of letters received
from sufferers cured, both pent free by
trail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blngham-
ton. N. Y., and please be sure to mention
that you read this cenerous offer in The
San Francisco Sunday Call. Don't make
any mistake, but remember the name,
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
•id the address, Bingbamton, N- T., on
every bottle.
i/i Livi C^^SGsh8^BPhB!5S**^*^*^^^*^*^sP^^™*^ j^^^*^^^3^E^^^^5g^j^fc*;^tj^B^^^7^^p^F«- H s=^^. * j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Z- JSnS? '¦¦^Cfe.f A A
/ . >y v O^^^^^^r^. possible for a
K nlu V/*$\ That award has come from all the great ma-
VWJr *An 'Iclang, plani«ts and musical critics of every
WtSr 5Hr^ civilized nation In the shape of enthusiastic
rlF y&Sm Indorsement of this supremely excellent piano.
I^/Svl Let us 1 uot * vou our H**" 11 terms on tho
/M^^ EVERETT PIANO
An»\/ Ji5&sa\ BASEMENT BARGAINS — Arlon upright
'Al »X *V -^^Sy piano, MONDAY AND TUESDAY, fully as
i /ElvrVX^ good as new; regular price new, $300; OUR
W/Tl \r^ BARGAIN PRICE CITE f\f\
// (jj » U oliOiUU
fft W III Steinway square grand with modern scale. In
Ll] ill flrst-class condition: a snap at our figure;
ijk.ij// _ original price $6SO; our C1SA flfV
ifmSf// <rro price Qlul/tUv
feWjk The Wiley B. Allen Co,
/T4bSt!/AtrJl 931-933 MARKET ST.
1 i^^^^yj>f ff San T^raficisco.
¦ X^ti \r^ J^ CORNER 9TH ST. AND BROAT>WAT,
OaXUod.KENTUCKIAN SENTENCED TO
DEATH FOR COMPLICITY IN
GOEBEL MURDER
A weman always likes to think of her
self as lying; down to rest on a hot day
In a big silk iklmono, but when the real
hot weather comes generally a very short
chemise is good enough."
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— General Rob
ert Shaw Oliver, of New York, the new
Assistant Secretary ; of War, : to-day en
tered upon the duties of his office.
Oliver Assumes Duties.
SWANSEA, Wales, ? Aug. 29.— All the
South Wales tin works controlled by the
Employers' Association : closed to-day for
an indefinite period in consequence of a
wage dispute. From 20,000 to 30,000 work
men are affected.
Tin Works Are Closed.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 29.— The State
Veterinary Medical Board concluded it3
sessions In this city after electing of
ficers for the ensuing term, as follows:
President, Dr. D. F. Fox, Sacramento;
vice president, Dr. J. J. Streets. Ventura;
secretary. Dr. E. J. Creely, San Fran
cisco; treasurer, . Dr. W. J. Oliver, L03
Angeles. The next meeting of the board
will be held in San Francisco on Septem
ber 17.
State Veterinarians Elect Officers.
BOAT BUILDERS
ARE KEPT BUSY
Begistration at Stanford University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 23.-
The total registration of students up to
the present tine shows a decrease of one
in the enrollment us compared with last
year, when the largest total registration
in the history of the university was at
tained. There are at present 1204 students
registered, and of these 2S3 are new stu
dents. There i;re 73>> men and but 466
women enrolled, so that there seems little
probability of the Z00 limit of women stu-
Yards at Grays Harbor
Receive San Fran
' Cisco Orders.
Instructed for Soosevelt.
READING, Pa.. Aug. 2?.— A. M. High
was to-day elected a delegate to the Na
tional Republican Convention and in
structed to vote for President Roosevelt.
The resolutions strongly Indorse Presi
dent Roosevelt and Senators Quay and
Per.rose. ¦"-
London will have an International
food exhibit 6t the Crystal Palace next
September.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 23.— The great
est activity in boat building In years oi
Grays Harbor Is now at Its height. Even
shipyard Is running full capacity wltl
plenty of orders booked ahead. Sat
Francisco companies have ordered th<
construction by Grays Harbor boat
builders of four steam schooners to b<
engaged in the coast lumber traffic.
Steam Echooners are coming Into popu
lar favor with shipping men because the:
are dependable and economical to operate
Beadle Brother of San Francisco hav<
ordered the construction by the Johr
Lindstrom shipyard of two steam schoon
crs at the combined cost of $120,000. Th<
dimensions of one boat will be 179 feet it
length, 36 feet beam and 14 feet depth o:
hold. The other schooner Is to be llk<
the first but somewhat smaller.
Hitchings & Joyce of Hoquiam are t<
construct for the E. K. Wood Lumbei
Company of San Francisco the stean
schooner Shasta, whose dimensions are
Length 220 feet, beam 36 feet by 14 fee
depth of hold, at a cost of $115,000. J>,
steam schooner for Charles Hlggins o:
San Francisco will be constructed wltl
a capacity for 400,000 feet of lumber.
CUTS KIVAX IN" FaCE
WITH A P0CKETKNIF:
Walla Walla Eestaurant Keeper Ii
Slashed Thirteen Times Dur
ing a Quarrel.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 29.-A Walla
Walla, Wash., special says: Locked to
gether In a deadly embrace, George Or
tell and Fagln Scott were found by the
police early this morning between the
Mill Creek bulkhead and the creek bank
In the rear of a notorious Rose-street re
sort. Ortell was bleeding from thirteen
knife wounds inflicted by Fagln during
the awful struggle.
The origin of the fight Is unknown, but
it is thought by the police that It was
caused by a woman. Scott was arrested
and will have a preliminary hearing as
Eoon as the result of his victim's wounds
are known. "Ski" Fagln, a£ Scott is bet
ter known, passed the door of the resort
while Ortell was talking to a woman late
last night, and waited at the corner of
the building for him. When Ortell walked
past Scott struck him a heavy blow and
both men clinched. In the struggle they
rolled off the sidewalk twenty feet down
the bank and stopped against the bulk
head. Ortell rs a restaurant man. His
faco is horribly disfigured by the pocket
knife used, but in spite of his terrible in
juries it is believed he may live.
Special Judge Robbins this afternoon
formally overruled a motion for tho
granting of a new trial to Caleb Powers,
convicted for the third time of complicity
in the Goebel conspiracy, and sentenced
him to be hanged. After a declaration of
the prisoner: "I am not guilty, Judge,"
the court fixed November 25 "next as the
day for the execution. The attorneys for
the defendant secured the granting of an
appeal for the case to the Kentucky
Court of Appeals, and if unsuccessful
they may try to get the United States
Supreme Court to take it under considera
tion.
Powers was the coolest man in the court
room when the verdict was read and the
sentence pronounced against him. He
was Immediately removed to the Scott
County Jail, to be held there pending the
appeal of his case to the higher courts.
Powers refused to say anything after the
rendition of the sentence except that he
had said all he cared to say In his speech
to the Jury.
A telesrram from Indianapolis states
that ex-Governor W. S. Taylor said:
"'xhls verdict affects me much. I can
not say a word."
the verdict except to express his surprise
that such a result could be reached f rom '
the evidence presented and to announce
that he would take an appeal and con
tinue the case to the last resort. When
Powers secured his former new trials a
majority of those on the appellate court
were Republicans, but It is now composed
of Democratic Judges. As Commonwealth's
Attorney Franklin shook hands with each
juror after they were dismissed Powers
watched the greetings closely, but at no
time did he show any sign of breaking
down. Powers is regarded as a strong
man. He was elected Secretary of State
on the Republican ticket headed by W.
S. Taylor in 1S99, but served only a few
months, as all the State offices were con
tested by those on the. Democratic ticket
headed by William Goebel. The former
trials of Powers were before Judge James
E. Cantrill of this city, but he was barred
from sitting this time and Governor Beck
ham appointed Judge Robbins.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.-Postofflce es
tablished: California— Ivanpah, San Ber
nardino County, Arthur Woods Postmas.
ter.
Army order— Contract Surgeon Bruce E.
Foulkes is ordered from San Francisco to
Vancouver Barracks, Washington.
Of Interest to Pacific Coast.
ANACONDA, Mont., Aug. 29.— Frank
Jones, an old-time prospector, who has
just returned here from the Moose Lake
country. Idaho, tells of a heavy forest
fire which is sweeping one of the heaviest
timbered sections of Idaho. Jones and
several other prospectors have had their
cabins burned and supplies destroyed.
The sweep of the flames, he says, is
something terrific, and millions of feet of
timber have been consumed and the dam
age will amount to thousands of dollars.
A unique spectacle Is the sight of hun
dreds of deer, elk and bear driven from
their lairs by the advancing flames, flee
ing for their lives. Numberless flocks of
grouse can be seen flying before the fire.
Idaho Settlers Flee for Their Lives
and Wild Animals Are Driven
From Their Lairs.
FOREST FIRE SWEEPING
MOOSE LAKE COUNTRY
BLOOMINGTON. 111.. Aug. 29.— Francis
Anthony, the oldest man in Illinois, died
this morning after a two weeks' illness
with heart, failure. ¦ •* He was born May
8, 1800, In Ireland. He emigrated to Can
ada in 1820 and was a captain in the Ca
nadian army during the French rebellion
In 1S37. For thirty years he has been a
resident of Bloomington Township and his
vitality was remarkable.
Francis Anthony, Who Was 103
Years of Age, Passes Away
at Bloomington.
HjLinois' oldest man
dies of heart tatlxtre
BANGOR. Me., Aug. 29.— The four or
five men who demolished the vault of the
Brewer Savings Bank last night eluded
the police and this forenoon were dodging
an armed posse in the woods beyond Ban.
gor. The robbers secured about $300.
They were watched at their work In the
bank by a number of persons, who made
no attempt to molest them because of the
guns. When the burglars left the bank
they retreated under cover of the guns,
firing a dozen shots. Nearly a score of
policemen, deputy sheriffs and citizens
armed themselves as soon as possible and
started in pursuit.
Bangor Citizens Watch Vault De
molished, Awed by Guns of
the Criminals.
BA2TK EOBBEES ELUDE .
THE POLICE AND POSSE
to murder Governor William
Goebel In January. 1900, to-day found the
defendant guilty and Imposed the death
sentence.
Powers was sentenced to Imprisonment
for life In his former trials for complicity
In the conspiracy. It was on his motion
that he Becured the new trials each time.
The verdict to-day caused great excite
ment among the friends of other defend
ants in these cases.
The third trial of the defendant closed
shortly before noon. Several hundred freo
p'.e crowded the courtroom when the ver
dict was read, and Intense silence pre
vailed. The Jury was polled and each
man declared the verdict of guilt to be
his finding. Powers sat unmoved, while
his attorneys asked for time to make a
motion for a new trial. The jury declines
to state what occurred in the Jury-room.
Arthur Goeb«l, the brother of the vic
tim, broke down from the strain on hear
ing of the verdict of guilty. He is a
prominent merchant at Cincinnati and he
spent his time and fortune for over three
years in the prosecution of thoseaccused
of being in a conspiracy to kill his brother.
Powers has been convicted twice before,
this being the third trial irf which the jury
brought In a verdict of guilty against
him. On his previous triads he escaped
with a sentence of life Imprisonment. All
three of the trials were held at George
town, and in each of them he had the as
sistance of the most able lawyers who
could be procured. Subscription lists were
circulated In his interest by friends and a
sum of money was secured to defray the
cost of his repeated trials and the inves
tigating of the proceedings which pre
ceded the killing of Governor Goebel. The
last trial was distinguished by the fact
that Powers addressed the Jury In his own
behalf and In a long review of the case
showed himself to be a very competent
attorney, while his eloquence In pleading
for his life astounded those who had
watched him carefully In the past trials
of the case. Powers has already been
three years In prison on the sentence of
the previous court.
Powers had nothing to say regarding
aEORGETOWN, Ky. t Aug. 29.— The
jury In the case of ex-Secretary
of State Caleb Powers, charged
with complicity In a conspiracy
GoebePs Convicted Murderer
Hears His Fate Un
moved.
While Admiral Barker has referred to
certain decisions rendered by the navy
umpires and observers, he declines to
make public the substance of the decis
ions, and the definite results of the man
euvers, it is stated, will not reach the
public for many months, if they ever do.
The detailed reports of the eight umpires
and twenty-two observers will be for
warded to the War Department and then
compiled. If the definite results become
known it will be only through the Wash
ington officials. A board of arbitrators
was appointed, two for each service, and
the fifth by agreement between the army
and navy commanders. Naval observers
for the forts and military observers for
the ships also watched the operations.
A final opinion is expected from each
commanding officer ashore as to th© suf
ficiency of the present defenses.
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 29.— The demon
stration made by the vessels of the squad
ron off t thls port during the night lasted
several hours. A part of It had no other
effect than to draw the fire of the forts.
Later the vessels withdrew to RIchmonds
Island and came to anchor.
. The time limit set for the maneuvers
expired at noonjt to-day. The actual re
sults of the maneuvers will be given out.
If made public at all, by the War and
Navy departments at "Washington.
Admiral Barker, who commanded the
combined North Atlantic fleet engaged
In the maneuvers, said:
"I believe the maneuvers have been
very successful and have accomplished
much which was Intended they should."
Army Commanders Will Give
Opinions on the Land
Defenses.
Results of Maneuvers
May Not Be Made
IT UDllC.
MIMIC WARFARE
COMES TO END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. AUGUST 30. 1903.
JURY IMPOSES
DEATH SENTENCE
UPON POWERS
23
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NIP 1 IT ~IN~~THE~BUIX
Tirst Appearance of Dandruff a Fore-
: runner of Future Baldness.
That such is the case has been conclu-
sively proven by scientific research. Pro-
fessor Unna, the noted European skin
specialist, declares that dandruff is the
Lurowed-up cuticle of the scalp, caused
Ly parasites destroying the vitality In
the hair bulb. The hair becomes lifeless,
end. in time, falls out. Thia can be pre-
vented.
Newbro's Herpicide kills this dandruff
germ and restores the hair to its natural
softness and abundancy.
Herpicide Is now used by thousands of
people — all satisfied that It Is the most
wonderful hair preparation on the mar-
ket to-day. •
Sold by leading drugpists. Send 10c In
Ftamps for eample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
JX Dyspeptic
Cied by American Pkvacurpt nearly to yean.
Corrects heartbern, ecidity; regulates the
bowels, removes fermenting matter and
j>repares the stomach to digest proper food.
&Oc. and 9 1 . at Drarpitt or toj man from
-UP T»PP» >T r«* . ? 1 .t— «"•-?-•. W— . W-V
You may as well know
Schilling's Best — at your gro?
cer's.
Costs nothing to know; for
pioneyback.
SAMPLE TRUNKS TO ORDER. REPAIRING.
J. MAUTY. 22 TURK ST.
Factory «2G Howard st.
bm4 £4 bbSSh ¦ £&£¦ 8 Cfl^y 1
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST, 24 Pest st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for Illustrated catalogue (free).
a FOLYTECHNIC
fiL ¦ Business College and
jjaaj, School of Engineer-
<JaS33jJfWrv Ir.g. Oakland, Cal.
ljjESifalJjQMk* Largest and best
flaStS^QBBflrei equipped school of
a^^evCCni A 25=fc3 business shorthani
lea; g PIJU""-*^ 0 ***^! V end engineering west
i&!m^uES»l fi I «n3^V. "H c ' Chicago. Perfect
JsZg%£g!nE*KftliS&* climate, expenses low.
P?V *cfg'*lV > * rl ' J^ Write for fr«e 100-
page catalogue.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Opens August 19. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading colleges. For catalogue ad-
dress MARY B. WEST. Principal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOP BuYS. Menlo Park. California. Prepares
lor any university or for business. Send for
Illustrated catalogue. IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.,
Principal. Fall term opens August 11.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS. BELMONT. CAL..
Opens for new pupils August 10; for former
pupils August 12. Catalogue and book; ot views
en application. , .
W. T. REID. A. M. fflarrard). Head Maatw.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAW BA7 ASXh CAX.
Separate building for little boys. Xmu terra
will begin on August 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY. Angntt X
1903. BRO. ZENONIAN. President.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Boarding and day school for boys under 13 years
1 of age. Studies commence MONDAY. August 3.
1P03. fend for prcspectus to Bro. Genebran.
OCSAK TBATEL. ' ¦¦'¦"¦ v
0ceanlc8J.co^«
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 5. 11 a.m
S 8. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'l?nd and Sydney, Thursday. Sept. 17. 2 p. m.
S. S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
4asrttcLLLstim.ci.i|ts..netitisies,i43iirttta
trrifibllS5et.mEiftalIL.flri».7.fi^cIl
• Max* Island and Vallejo
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO^
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, SO cents Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BRQS. »
OCEAN TBAVZL
e Steamers l»av» Baa Fran-
cisco u follow*:
For Ketchilcaa, i Joneao.
H&laes. Skarway. «ta. Alas-
ka — 11 a. m.. August 20.
Sept 3. Change to company* »
¦trainer* at Seattl*.
ror Victoria. VaaeouTtr.
Port Towusend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom—
11 a. m.. August 29. Sept. 3. Change at Seat,
tie to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. By.: at Seattle for Tacoma to IT. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Poraona 1:30
p in.. August 26. Sept. 1; Corona 1:30 k m..
August 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Aagclea and
Redondo). San Diego and. Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. rn.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucon. Port HarforJ
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Cooe Bay. 0 a. m.. August 29. Sept. A.
Bonlta. 9 a. rn.. Sept. 2.
Fcr Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guajroas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates^
TICKET OFFICES—* New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANX General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & *N. CO.
"Columbia" «alls Auy. 31. Sept. 10. 20. 20.
Oct. 10. 20. SO. "George W. Elder" sails Sept.
B 15 23 Oct 5. 15. 25. Only steamship line
to PORTLAND OR. and short rail line from
Portland to all' points East. Through tickets
to all points all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st at 11 a m. S F. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pass.
Dept. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
round rr~
THE WORLD
?•THE COLLVER TOURS."
Next party leaves In October by the splen-
did new steamship "Siberia." visiting -Hon-
olulu Japan. China. Manila Malay Penin-
sula,." Ceylon. Southern and Northern In-
""ImalTOem^rshlp-Excluslve Feature*.
Mr. Collver will accompany thia party
Partle- and especial facilities
for independent traveler* to Japan.
Itineraries on request.
LEON L COLLVER,
368 Boyl«ton Street. Boston. Mas*.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
" (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan «treets, at 1 p. m... for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S 0 HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday. November 10. 1900
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. •421 Market street, corner First.
*_" W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COXFAQHIX GI5SSALE TRA58ATLXHTIQTJX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. ji+j^
Salllnff every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42. > *«gi'
North River, foot of Morton street.
. First-class to Havre. |70 and upward. See*
ond-«lass to Havre. S45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco^
Tickets told by all Railroad Ticket Axtsta.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
School
H rpp
JL JL V/ \s
A LTHOUGH we have given away thousands of
jL\ school buttons we still have enough left to sup-
ply every school boy and girl in San Francisco.
If you attend any of the following public schools
come and get a button for the asking, bearing the
name of your school :
Adams Cosmopolitan Grammir John Swett Grammar
Agaisis Primary j ohn w# TayIor primary
Bcrgcrot Primary Lafayette Primary
Bernal FWy Lagunda Hondl ?Asaxy
Bucaa\isu Primary • Lincoln Grammar
Bcrnert Grammar Lowell High
Chinese Primary Madison Primary
Uement Grammar Marshall Primary
Cleveland Primary Mission Grammar
Cooper Primary Mission High
Columbia Grammar Monroe Primary
Commercial School Moulder Primary
Crocker Grammar Noe Valley Primary
Dcnman Grammar Ocean House Primary
Douglass Primary Pacific Heights Grammar
Dudley Stone Primary Park Primary
Ediscn Primary Peabody Primary
Emerson Primary Polytechnic High
Everett Grammar Redding Primary
Fairmount Grammar Richmond Primary
Franklin Grammar Rincon Grammar
Fremont Primary Sheridan Primary
Garfield Primary Sherman Primary
Girls* High South End Primary
Golden Gate Primary Spring Valley Grammar
Grant Primary Starr King Primary
Haight Primary sunnyside Primary
Hamilton Grammar Satro Primary
Hancock Grammar Washington Grammar
Harrison Primary West End Primary
Hawthorne Primary Whittier Primary
Hearst Grammar Winfield Scott Primary
Henrv Durant Primarr
Horace Mann Grammar EVENING SCHOOLS
Humboldt Primary Hamilton Evening
Hunter's Point Primary Horace Mann Evening
Irving Primary Humboldt Evening
Irving M. Scott Grammar Humboldt Evening High
Jackson Primary Irving Scott Evening
Jsrnts Lick Grammar Lincoln Evening
Je2n Parker Grammar Richmond Evening
Jefferson Primary Washington Evening.
We want every boy and girl in San Francisco to
get acquainted with our store, so we give out the but-
tons to encourage their calling.
If you have not secured a button come in.
740 Market Street
: V ADVEBTISEMENTS. _
BACKACHE AND DIZZINESS.
Pe-ru-na Is a Tonic for the Weakness and Debility Incident
|| to Hot Weather.
f^P^rJT^^^vT " I Two Beautiful Women Cured by Pe-ru-na. 1
«— — i LlJ^//\\^lj L^\ !
MISS CAMILLE CH ARTIER, 5 West ] ; » '^'^^^J^M VVVV^ '
Lexington street. Baltimore, Md., , j Mrg< M Brickner> Eleventh street> j -^S^T '*
vvritcs: I I Milwaukee. "Wis., writes: I —^*^^/5^^
"Late suppers grradually affected my j , , tt ¦ _ n
digestion and made me a miserable dys- I , , / have strong faith in the ofil- ' ' "* jf ' .
were prescribed by different physicians. ? peculiar tO the SOX. • • • • • • • • • • • • « • • ¦ ¦ f ¦ • • • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •
S^i^SS^lS^^SS^SJ || short time ago /found my condition rery serious / had head- ;;j
it would rid me of this trouble, so i con- , aches,,pains in the back and frequent dizzy spells, which grew worse .
tinued taking it for several weeks, when every month; / tried two remedies before Peruna, and was pretty dis~
JenTounds r-cl^mtctruV^ gained I when I took the first dose but my courage soon returned, as I
Miss Mayme Kearns. 1003 Dean street, t could see that I was being benefited, and in less than two months my \ ,
Brooklyn, n. t.. writes: \ health was restored/'— Mrs. U. Brickner.
"Peruna means health, and health ,, -^^_^_^_^ y
means happiness. To me Peruna means •••••••••••*«•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
both. Last summer I felt unusually pros- starvation. This will surely lead to a host is due to catarrh. Tho majority of tho
trated from the heat. My appetite and O f ailments In time. Peruna. by restor- people think that catarrh is a disease
sleep failed me. and my strength seemed lng the appetite, cures the whole matter, confined to the head alone,
to ooze out with the perspiration and I By freeing the mucous membranes and This Is not true. Catarrh is liable to
had a weak, gone feeling. stomach, as well as the digestive organs, attack any organ of the body— throat.
"Three bottles of Peruna changed all from every trace of catarrhal congestion bronchial tubes, lungs, stomach kidneys.
this. I recuperated quickly and blessed Peruna corrects the whole trouble. and espec i a ji y tho pe i v i c organs."
sleep and rest came to me. Peruna is Many a woman haa made this dlscov-
better than a seaside trip, better than a Catarrh Of tflB ifclviC OrtfanS «?" a " er a lon S sle * e of useless treat-
vacatlon-in fact, better than anything I wrr " Ul U ' C ¥ emi ' WTSdllb ghe faas made dlscovery that
know to build up the system."— Miss IS a Very LOmmOll UiSeaSC her disease is catarrh, and that Peruna
Mayme Kearns. Amnn£ Wnmpn Mnu/ar1av« can be relied upon to cure catarrh wher-
Peruna is just as sure to bring an ap- ftmUn S womgn WOWJOayS. ever located.
petite as the sun is to bring the day. A & If you do not derive prompt and tatls-
good healthy appeUte and good digestion This Affection Is Generally Called Fe- factory results from the use of Peruna
of food generally correct a host of all- male Weakness, Female Disease, and wrlte at once to Dr - Hartman. giving a
ments. Loss of strength and loss of sleep «.__.. ftt h __ «•_„.. wam-« 'uH statement of your case, and he will
depend in a majority of cases upon a loss many uiner aimiiar names, fce pleased to you u, valuable advice
of nutrition. If the appetite' falls suffl- gratis.
cient food will not be taken. If sufficient Most of the women afflicted with pelvic Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tbo
food is not taken the system suffers from diseases have no idea that their trouble Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus Ohio.
AEVEBTISE1ISNTS.
(The selfsame quality which en- B
dearcd' Blatz beer to lovers of "
the beverage fifty years ago has
» been maintained to this day.
I While the facilities have been
« vastly improved Blatz prin-
' ciples have been, steadily ad-
: hered to. It's the beverage for
< a n — and a most logical one for
I hot days.
f YAL.BLATZBREWIKGCO.,MILWAUKEE
1 BraunschWBlgBr & Go. v me.
I 5 and 7 DRUMM S T.. San Francisco, .
I Tel. Main 16 IG. Wholesale Dealers.
CftNFYUkMDT
At the Beach. 2 Blocks Below Cliff House.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 30.
BALLOON ASCENSION and PARACHUTE
By MLLE. ANETI.
GRAND VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
BAND CONCERT. ;.' i
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Finns of S.F.
MORPHINE ELASTIC
o| L i,i.riui.n.F..i- STOCKINGS
r-~5 • Kft Pi f i Abdominal Supporters.
I S^V^weSnA . Hospital Belts.
1 SO BUnrKKHfa. -. Suspensories.
U tl WJill n \ J. l» M*fl« to order at th»
1 39 Polk St.,' STl. JOHN W.HOPE WELU
wmmm^mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ROOmS 3-4. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Trust the People
• ¦ _
This Week's Special
Double, Ya, or single iron Bed,
extra heavy, Ai constructed
Bed, in all colors, with Rood
spring and cotton top mattress,
5-inch box, with satin tick;
rS $6.25
Nothing: like it ever offered in
San Francisco at this price.
Roman Chairs, in golden and
weathered oak, ebony and
mahogany finish, just like
Saturday night between 7 and
io o'clock, 750 Drummers'- Cur-
tain . Samples, 2 yards long and
over, 25c each.
EASTERN
OUTFITTING CO.
1320-28 Stockton St
We Furnish Houses Complete.
' AH Cars Lead to Our Store.
Country Orders Solicited.Xot only would the managing owner of
the Reliance object to 'such races oh ac
count of the time he has given . to the
yacht already, but It is not likely that the
suggested experiment would find favor in
the eyes of his skfpper and, crew. They
might not show to the greatest advantage
on the challenger and hence they will not
care to rtsk the excellent, reputation they
have established. ..*.-
The Reliance has become a successful
racer because her managing owner. Cap
tain Barr and the latter's associates; have
studied her. Racing yachts are very pe
culiar, ninety-footers especially^" They
have ; strange ' , whims and 'fancies. J 'At
times they, are very satisfactory' and
Again' the New York Yacht Club would
have no hand in such a match. If the
club's champion is superior to the-chal
lenger that Is a happy result. With the
cup safe the club „ will stop.- .
Sir Thomaa Lipton, it was said to-day,
had received a cable dispatch offering to
guarantee the expense if he would ar
range for a eorlcs of five races between
Reliance and Shamrock III with their
crews exchanged. i ,t ':
It is not probable that Sir Thomas will
make a suggestion Q f this kind to the
managins owner of thc Reliance, as he
and all his yachting advisers fear there
are Insurmountable obstacles, in the way
of bringing about such a series of con
tests. The Reliance was built for a cer
tain object, and when that has been at
tained her work for the present season at
least will be done.. Her managing owner
has been a year or more wrapped up, so
to speak, in the boat, and he will not race
her after she has finished her task—suc
cessful defense of the cup. No other
business has been paid attention to by
Iselln in this time, and it is thought to be
a little too much to ask him to go through
another series of races. 1
NEW YORK, Aug. 2D.— Wind, cea and
fog conspired to prevent a yacht race to
day. Lipton is growing very tired of the
repeated flukes and It has been decided
to make a daily trial until the third race
is sailed. It is taken for granted there
will be only one more.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The power of the press In- tho Yellow
Kingdom is scarcely worth mentioning
just now. Later on, when a responsible
editor can be added to the staff and de
tailed to attend the decapitation services,
the real editor may be expected to maks
his influence felt. Just now he loses his
head so often that his work counts for
very little.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Journalism in China.
Kpitbn Is Urged to Issue
Challenge to Ex
change Crews.
"That's right; argue the quest'on. That's
my reward. Of course, you know all about
my business. Now, will you take my ad
vice? Take long walks every day — several
times a day, and get your blood Into cir
culation." 1
"But my business—" said the patient.
"Of course, your business prevents it;
everybody says that. Just change your
business -so you will have to walk more.
By the way, what is your business?"
"I'm a letter-carrier," meekly replied
the patient.— Philadelphia Ledger. .'
Into the offlco of a Philadelphia doctor
came a tired man one morning this week
who wished treatment. The physician put
on his eyeglasses, looked at the man's
tongue, felt his pulse, sounded his chest
and said: "Same old story, my friend.
Man cannot live without fresh air; no use
trying. I could make myself a corpse, as
you are doing by degrees, if I sat down
in my office and didn't stir.
"You must have fresh air; you must
take long walks, and brace up by staying
out of doors. Now, I could make a drug
store out of you and you would think I
was a smart man, but my advice to you
is to walk, walk, walk."
"But, doctor," interrupted the man.
A Bit of a Surprise.
WIND PREVENTS
THE YACHT RACE
George Roberts, who was arrested In
this city several months ago and charged
with embezzling $80 from a man named
Perry, was found guilty last night on a
charge of grand larceny. Roberts was
only recently brought back from Seattle,
to which city he fled after jumping his
bonds of I100O when first arrested. Tha
Jury was out but flv© minutes.
Jury Finds Roberts Guilty.
Miss V»*aMrop was overwhelmed by the
hc-nors 'showered en her and the nice
things s-aid about her. She responded in
clever fashion, and her jollity did much
to make, the feast a success.
The long :ab!e was spread beneath tho
«tare and stripes, which hung from thc
toiling and chandeliers. Huckleberry
blossoms and cut flowers were used pro
fusely in the decoration. Refreshments
Petite Oza Waldrop, the ir.genue of the
Alcazar Block Company, never realized
how popular the is until last night. After
the performance cf "The Dairy Farm"
at the Alcazar and "Cumberland, '61," at
the Central Theater, the members of both
p!ayhousf-s. which are controlled by Be
lasco & Mayer, gathered In Fraternal
nail In the Alcazar building and crown
id the v.inscmc actress queen cf the
feast. She v.-as garlar.ded with roses and
tit c.t the head of the long banquet
board. ' Seated on each side of the table
«k-cre her friends, who drank to her health
snd wished further success In her profes
tlon. r
GUEST OF HOKOS AT
A MID1TIGHT BANQUET
TtLies Oza Waldrop Is Honored by
Heaitcrs cf Alcazar and Cen
tral Theater Companies.
sometimes disappointing. To make, them
the success which a cup defender is re
quired, to be they must bevwatched, must
be tried, must be develoDed.
The prospects to-night are for thick
weather again Monday, but if conditions
permit tha race will be over the wind
ward and home Course of fifteen miles
scheduled for to-day.
Frederick Belasco. M. E. Mayer, E. D.
Price, Henry D. Byers, Edward Davis,
Theo T. Rook. Howard Scott,- John H.
Haynes. Herbert Ashton. Frank Rlchter,
?;«chard H.nchcliff, H. H. Wheeler. Oscar
Beall. Zellah Covington. Tony West, Wal
ter Belasco, Herschel Mayan, George
Nicholls. Henry Belasco, Ernest Ho well,
Henry Shumer. Millar Bacon, George P.
Webster. Lloyd Edwards, Edwin T. Em
cry. Wa'.zer Whipple, Elmer Booth, Ed
win Belasco, Miss Reina Belasco. Miss
Oza Waldrop, Miss Anne Levy, Miss Sa
die Iitrenghl, Miss Gussie Bciasco, Miss
Agnes Rankln. Mis.; Marie Howe, Miss
Jjilltt Crosby. Miss Helen Hartley, Miss
Lillian Arropby, Mies Alfa Perry, Eugenie
Thais Ixiwtor, Mif3 Florence Roberts.
Gcnevlcve Kane, Myrtle Vane, Georgie
Woodthorpe.
Miss Waldrpp closes her engagement at
the Alcazar to-night. She will tour the
coast with tho Alcazar Stock Company In
"The Dairy Farm," and will subsequently
go East to take an engagement with one
of the leading houses. During her en
gagement at the local playhouse she has
won many friends and her artistic per
formances have always been appreciated
by the patrons of the house.
and edibles were served in bounteous
fashion. During the banquet there were
seeches and songs by the clever people
present. Dancing was enjoyed until a
lite hcur. Among those who partici
pated In the affair were:
Alonzo H. Palmer, aged 68, committed
suicide yesterday afternoon by swallow
ing poison. His body is now at the
Morgue. He visited the St. Louis saloon
at 10 East street early In the- morning
and bought a bottle of sherry. He sub
sequently visited the drug store of W. J.
Bryan at Second and Howard streets, and
told Dr. Pops that he had been drinking
and wanted something to straighten him
out. The doctor prescribed, paregoric,
bromide and simple syrup, and directed
that a tablespoonful should be taken
every three hours. In the afternoon Pal
mer again visited the saloon and ordered
a bowl of soup. He poured the contents
of the bottle of sherry and the bottle of
medicine in the soup and drank it all.
Palmer was found unconscious in the
back room of the saloon by the proprie
tor T. Muller and was carried over to
the Harbor Hospital. He died some hours
later. Deceased was a member of the
G. A. R. Nothing further could be
learned about him. Ill health and old
age are ascribed as reasons for his act.
Alonzo H. Palmer Commits Suicide
in the Back Room of a "Water
.Pront Saloon.
AGED SOLDIER ENDS HIS
LIFE. BY TAXING POISON
These facts, which became known yes
terday after the close of banking business
in Wall street, were confirmed by tha
highest authority.
NEW YORK. Aug. 23.— Kuhn. Loeb &
Co. ; have sold the control of the
Metropolitan Securities Company, which
is the holding company of the Metropoli
tan Street Railway Company, back to the
old Metropolitan Railway Company, com
posed of W. C. Whitney and Thomas F.
Ryan. In this important deal the Stand
ard Oil syndicate of capitalists, it is
learned on the highest authority, has no
Interest. The great Wall street banking
house, which came to the aid of the Met
ropolitan Street Railway In February,
1002, and agreed to provide C3.0OO.00O for
various requirements of the big local
system, is now practically out of Its af
fairs.
KuhD, Loeb & Co. Give
Up Their Metropoli
tan Holdings.
BANKERS SELL
RAILWAY STOCK
Leonard Redding, Calaveras; Mrs. Min
erva L. Reed, Calaveras; Susan H.
Reeves, Los Angeles; -Mary E. Riebsam,
El Dorado; M. Lena Rice, Humboldt;
Alice E. Rowland. San Francisco: Mamie
Russell, Santa Clara; Lorinda M. Sau
ber, Lassen; Minnie M. Schulze, Sacra
mento; Mamie G. Sexton, Loe Angeles;
Jennie L. Shaffer. Los Angeles; Marion
Olivia Shannon. Tulare; Mary B. Shell.
Tuolumne; Delia Smith. Modoc; Helen
I. Smith, Pfacer; Ella Stahmer, Los An
geles; Grace J. C. Stewart, San Joaqtln,
Nettle Louise Stover, Plumas; Frank T.
Sweeney. Solano; Clara E. . Thompson,.
Riverside; J. E. Thurmond, Santa Bar
bara; Margaret Tungate, San Luis Obis
po; Llllle E. Vilas, Shasta; Walter Burns
Violette, Humboldt; Mrs. M. Winona
Wagner, San Bernardino: Mary Adell
Ward, Los Angeles; Marie Weiss, San
Joaquin; Augusta M. Westfall, Los An
geles; Mary C. Wilcox, Santa Clara; Car
rie E. Wilkinson, Santa Cruz; Mina
Wolfe, San Jcaquin; F. L. Wright, So
noma. |
Special life diplomas— Katherine T.
Black, music, San Francisco.
University documents— Harriet M. Cur
tis, San Bernardino; Agnes Frlsius, Ala
meda; Maud'L. Grover, Contra Costa; Ed
ward Hohfeld, Placer; Jessie Ryan Hol
lembeak, San Joaquln; Agnes R. Jewett.
Sonoma: Texaina Tyler Kurtz, Alameda;
Teresa Hess, Colusa. -
Normal documents— Delia Aulman, San
Jose; Mono Aulman, San Jose; Ida E.
Barron, Los Angeles; Pearl I* Barron,
Los Angeles; Louis Drury, San Jose; Lois
M. Estabrook, San Jose; Grace Helene
Farnsworth, Los Angeles; Lizzie Farrell,
San Jose; Viola D. Fisher, San Jose;
Thana Hamilton, San Jose; Julia K.
Holmes. Los Angeles; Emelle R. Hough
ton, Los Angeles ; M. Louis Johnston, Los
Angeles; Eva Viola Joseph, San Jose; Ida
M. Kellbar, San Jose; Frances KIngery,
Los Angeles; Jane Lawrence, San Jose;
Maria de Guadalupe E. Lopez, Los An
geles; Grace Olivia Lovell, Los Angeles;
Elizabeth McCudden, San Jose; Grace E.
Monk, Los Angeles; Harriet R. Ortley,
San Jose; Anna Snedden, Los Angeles;
Josephine M. Stancer, Los Angeles; Mary
E. Uncapher, San Jose; Lydia E. Walters,
Los Angeles; Lillie Warren, Los Angeles;
Marietta Williams, Los Angeles.
Hl*h School diplomas— Will Lear Brown,
San Bernardino: Elmer E. Brownell, San
ta Clara; Valentine Buchner, Santa Clara;
Katharine C. Carr, Los Angeles; Samuel
A. Crookshanks, Tulare; Ulysses Grant
Durfee, Shasta: William Willis Fogg, Del
Norte; Grace Cecelia Morgan, Los An
geles; Jesse J. Morgan, Los Angeles;
George Ulysses Moyse, Los Angeles; Ir
vln Passmore, San Luis Obispo; Carl A.
Richmond, San Bernardino; Fred Grant
Banderson, Lake; Stella Young, Los An
geles. . .
Grammar school diplomas— Ella A.
Adams, Los Angeles: Daisy E. Allen,
Humboldt; Isabella Ashfield. Shasta; Ad
alyn O. Bangham. Lassen: Lester Black,
Riverside: Josephine A. Bont, Los An
geles; Lillian M. Bowland, Orange; Chas.
S. Breaty, Sonoma; Mary E. Breaty, So
noma; Mary Agnes Brennan, San Joa
quin; Nora E. Brouse, San Bernardino;
Mrs. Adella Gray Brown, Placer: Enoch
J. Buckman. Tulare: A!gernon,Butler. Co
lusa; Grace S. Cain, Los Angeles; Pearl
D. Caldwell, Tulare; Ida M. Cambridge,
Modoc; Nellie R. Cameron, San Bernar
dino; Margaret A. Campbell. San Mateo;
Jennie D. Cavanah, Santa Barbara: Flo- |
rence Clark, Placer; Jennie A. Cllker,
Santa Clara; Amoy c. Cooper, Santa
Cruz; Raymond Cree, Riverside: Agnes
E. Crimin, Solano; Isabelle H. Critcher,
Santa Cruz; Mrs. Jennie C. Connfeghan,
Yuba; Carolyn Culver, Riverside; John
J. Dalley, Shasta; Lea Darrah, Inyo;
Mary E. Davis, Los Angeles; Anna M.
Dennis, Los Angeles; Miss Willie Down
ing, Santa Barbara; Caroline W. Eick-»
hoff. Madera; Henry B. Everett, Sutter;
Mary E. Ferguson. Sacramento; Kate C.
Fox, Santa Barbara; Martha E. France,
Alameda; Eugenie G. Gairaud, Santa
Clara; Catherine E. Glostcr, Modoc; Lulu
Belle Goldsmith, Los Angeles; Lucy I.
Gordon. Sisklyou; Ida Graf e, Solano; Ra
chael E. Green, Modoc; Frances Mabel
Green, Los Angeles; Bessie L. Grcn
fell, Madera; Lucy Grifntts, Lake;
John Hancock, Calaveras; Irene Hanken
son, Santa Clara; Lucy R. Harper, Inyo;
IoiaM. Harris. Santa Clara: Mabel A.
Harris,' Los Angeles: Mary A. Harvey,
San Francisco: Tillic W. Hassheider, Or
nnge: Frances J. Heil. Orange: Dorothea
H. E. Helms, Alameda: Alice A. Hight,
Santa Cruz: Hattie E. Hinkson, Amador;
Clara Hogan San Joaquin; E. Blanche
Holly, Solano': Avis Hopkins, Yuba; Fan
nie Hopping. Placer: Susie Hudson, Santa
Barbara; Charles Eugene Irons, Siskl
you; Loretta B. Kaler, Calaveras: Jose
phine G. Kelly, Alameda; , Delia Kelso,
Tulare; Estelle Farmer . Laramore, Tuol
umno; May Evans Larkln, Butte; Eva
C. Larrison, El Dorado; William Lemon,
Modoc; Irma R. Levy. Sacramento; Belle
Levlngton, San Francisco: Frances M.
Leutzinger, El Dorado; Harriet B. Lewis,
Placer: Margaret G; Liner. San Francis
co; Albert G. Loomis. Lassen ; Annie C.
Love, Lo3 Angeles; Mrs. Alpha A. Ly
mnn, San Bernardino: Marion Madsen.
Alameda; Edgar H. Marbut. San Benito;
Gertrude Me Adam Humboldt: Mrs. Alice
McCarty. Shasta: 'A. L. McCulloch, Or
ange:. Eva Laura Mcx nail, Santa Bar
bara; Ella M. - Miller;. Santa Barbara; R.
Garner. Mitchel. Humboldt: Rose E. Mo
han, Los Angeles:- William J. Moore. El
Dorado; Julia: Mulcahy, Nevada: Lizzie
Nixon, Calaveras:' Mary R; Parks, San
Francisco: Harry Renowden Painton, San
Mateo; Carrie" Peet; ' San* Bernardino;
Harriet W. Phelps, Santa Clara; Abbie L.
Pratt,' Los Angeles; Kate C. Orr, San Ber
nardino; Gertrude Owen, Santa Barbara;
Mrs. Helen' Ford s Qullty,:. Santa. 'Clara;
.Frances Quinlan, San Francisco: William
.Upon the recommendation, of the com
mittee on accrediting of life diplomas, life
certificates and normal schools of other
States the application of the normal
schools located at . Slippery Rock. Pa..
was rejected, as was also the application
of the Ada Normal University of Ohio,
as the committee did not consider them
of equal rank with the State normal
schools of California. A Missouri life
certificate was refused accrediting upon
the ground that only forty months' ex
perience Is required, whereas forty-eight
months' experience is required in this
State.
The following Institutions were accred
ited; Washington State Normal School
at Whltcomb (advance course only), New
York City Normal College, New York
City, and the Northern Arizona Normal
School at Flagstaff.
The kindergarten training department
of the Peru, Neb., Normal School, and
the Oakland kindergarten training school
were accredited.
CERTIFICATES ARE GRANTED.
The board granted the following certifi
cates:
SCHOOLS ABE DISCREDITED.
The price of the new history was fixed
as follows: At Sacramento, 81 cents; by
mall, 95 cents; to pupils by mall, 95 cents.
The cost of the book Is divided as fol
lows: Printing* and binding, 51 cents;
royalty for use of plates, 90 cents; when
received by mall the postage, 14 cents, is
added.
The board adopted a resolution declar
ing it 'to be advisable that county boards
of education continue to permit the use
of all books legally adopted and In use
until the State board takes final action
in the matter.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 29.— At a meeting
of the State Board of Education held at
the Capitol this morning the recommend
ation of the committee on textbooks for
high schools that the attention of school
officers and publishers be called to the
rule of. the board under which changes
In the rules of recommended texts may
be -made only at the last meeting
of the board before the closing of any
school year wasj adopted. A recom
mendation was also adopted that all
books which are to be considered as 'an
addition to this list should be submitted
to the Board of education as early as
possible* In the school year in order that
they may be properly examined and re
ported on ' by readers designated by the
board. . • .
Grants Diplomas to Teachers
and Fixes Price of New
History.
State Board of Educa
tion Meets at the
Capital
NORMAL SCHOOLS
ARE ACCREDITED
THE SAN- FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30. 1903.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
, SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
j0^S&> WE TREAT AND CURE
ftjJf4&P' CATAERH. Soie and Throat Troubles. Nervous Diseases. Kidney
*3lsS»SKft ***S3 8nd Ll-rer Diseases, madder Trouble*. Heart Dlseai*. Diseases o.
V$3*F$xS JSa the Stomach and Bo*tel«. Piles. FUtula «ni Rectal D;s-«»«*. Fema.«
C3S»!^V** -4*®f Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rlcket*. Spin.
VuttOJ SST \ aI Troubles. Skin Dlseares. Deafness Asthma. Bronchial and Lunj
WWiV** lit J Troubles. Rheumatism. Hay Fever. Neuralgia. Hysteria, Ear pl»-
Iffl ¦J »ases. Goitre or Big Neck. Varicocele. Lost Manhood, etc.: Blood
1 » &¦*( Dlstases. Private Diseases, Scrofula and all forms of. Nervous aa1
. *\f^k Chrcnlc Diseases (that are curable).
JLv \s &C OUS MOTTO: A low f e», I (^^^^^^Sfek
•^V^t-^l vV. atacS enre, mild and. paialesi j jr
Consultation la person or J W*. ''SSkSilEEw
by letter freo to aU * caU or ,n»
HOME CURES BY MAIL° K»
Do not despair because you live at a distance from the city. Drs. ,
Chores' new system of HOME TREATMENT makes It easy to gft
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new symptom bUnlc Jsr /&2c<*/y/'
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to dlas^oa* jPp. WU&Wtfyb
your case and tell you what your trouble U. what can be done for Jt^rTSs&Xft £&
you. and what the cost of a cure will be. WRITE If you cannot 'Xr^SMaH^t*
rail for their new symptom list and take advan ta*e of th* FREE
EXAMINATION. Whether you take treatment or not. th« ad- "^
vice coats you nothing. - Dr. S. W. Shirts.
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses w « «??• JSU flr "^ * ad th « n^*» k * REA-
or diseases caused by !*norance. excess or 8ONABLE FEE when you ar* cured. Tou
contagion TOU ARE THE VERT PERSON ean de P end u P° n f ur w <>rd; thousands o{
WE WANT TO TALK TO patient* have Indorsed us. NOW, WE
We have proven our skill in corlnr WANT TO CURE TOU with tne distinct
CHRONIC diseases by publishing the many uaderstandln? that w« will not demand «
voluntary testimonials from horns peopl.. FEE until we cure you. This applies to
glvlns; names, pictures and addresses. lM * t Manhood. Seminal TV eakness. Sp«r-
vum Can't Piihllak n..» r..-~- «_ matoiThc^a. Varicocele, Diseases of th*
We Cant PUDllSh Onr Cures In Prostate 'Gland, Unnatural Losses. Qcnor-
Private nkp»«a< rnoea. 9>et. Stricture, etc: Contactors
rrivate uiseascs. Blood p J, J0n and ALL weaknesses of
Because it would betray confidence. Hence men.
we hav« to pn>v« our skill in this class of ' OFFICE HOURS: 9 «. m. to 4:30 p. m.:
troubles in another way. .Tills Is our plan. Evenings tt:<»0 to 8; Sundays 10 a. m. to 13.
Drs. -"Shores & Shores, Expert Specialists, 9338^^*,.^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"DIAMOND MARKET
AFFECTED." ,
This was predicted about one year ago.
Time alone has proven the assertion, but, ;
like all former triumphs of science, this
wonderful gem (Sapph Diamond) has had
to prove its way to victory.
These gems so closely rival the real dia-
mond in hardness . tliat they are cut In
the aame manner, receiving that high
polish which causes them to burst forth
with that prismatic fire and brilliancy so
characteristic of. the real, product. J. C.
DAVIDSON has but one agency estab-
lished on this coast, and that is at 124
Kearny street, San .u'rancisco, Cal.
"BEWARE"
Of any one offering Inferior substitutes
or claiming to represent me.
No electric lights used, "only at night."
"DAVIDSON'S GEMS"
Are demonstrated ; side by side with . real
gems and guaranteed t6 retain their phe-
nomenal luster. Reconstructed rubies,
emeralds, sapphires and pearls - that
would foil the best of experts. ' Direct im-
porters of .. Australian . . and ,\ Hungarian
opals. .World's greatest diamond imita-
tor. J. C. DAVIDSON; catalogues. • * '.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ***' * ,
x \ i San Francisco, Sunday, 30 August, 1003.
8 IftsBn / / I I I ¦ 1 1 vm I Jw
A good looking
oak rocker==$9.5o
- There's a mighty big showing of rockers on our
fourth floor and not a pattern in the lot that would be
unwelcome in your home. Pictured above is one of
them. A wood seat oak rocker finished golden
color. The price is $9.50 — it is a reasonable price and
our ONLY price. No discounts, no commissions, no
"rake offs" of any sort allowed.
Fiber carpet and nigs. Looks like matting, but
wears infinitely better. The carpet sells for 75 centk
the yard, sewed, lined and laid. The rugs are marked
according to sizes — $8.00, $10.00 and $12.50. The lat-
ter price is for a rug 9 by 12 feet. See them in the
window.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco
CALIX2 — Dear old Jacls. I ju3t read In the paper about your being eun-
ctrocSuand rushed rlcrht ovst. ra awfully alad you're as well es you are.
You'ro luc&7. Korr, ell cao. I Ccz.'t vrast to wort the old "I told you so" gag
en you. feet tho vrzj to prerezt susslrote Is to keep the bowels clean and cool,
end the blood from being orer-heated, by taking a CA5CABET Candy Cathartic at
Lci-Ucc. They work while you sleep, and ke*p you «aie and comfortable all day#
ADVEBTIS EMENTS. ";'i\' *N. *¦.-;.,•".•
A KID CLOVE SALE. COU-VTRY onDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. ~ A STIRRIIVO SALE- SILK WAISTS.
Monday and FucsUav, SI.25 Values. • '•'¦'-* ' • ' . They were $4 to 56. We • have fl» 1 Q P5
You've not participated In a bar- O~r* *^ -^** gathered all the odds and ends in «D ¦• *7 f
raiti ttui !Ike this before. The O*J^* flr J*f a *^^**m our cllk waist stock — about 70 waists In all —
:..\t two .'.ays we w ill 6e]i 100 dozen p*l r » cr \£L ¦ /jWAjr* ,. an<5 nave rrlced them below co?t to CLOSE
s::r Kid Gloves £t lens than the jaanufactur- 0 **^^^^^BriML/ B THEM OUT MONDAY. The materials are Taf-
«i«" :>r;ce— if »e vere permitted to publish #Mr * *t\ * .urit «i A / "^fc»r*# i feta * 1>eau de S° Ie an d Peau de Oygne, and th«
the name of the maker there would be an t& j/Ldva ASfi&Mf&r/l* A rf&&M£) 4^k*7 St\^A styles are In numerous effects that have been
overwhelming rush to this ft. re to-morrow /PT^ggyiMrflf/jiWm fl/mft 7iTnCT ifofffimfl M ilT Miff! popular this season. There are all slze.«, but only
morning— but tkkf our assurance that th«ee .ffSss 111 *^^*^ <B y*™^^TS^-^CT^SP^reffy#Pf£^FfipH> one or two s'-yl el » and coloring's In each. The
>:'. v, - have heretofore sold for ?1 2."» a pair. dSfl^^^^^^^^BlBHllWs *i ehades cover the wide range of the past sea-
Tii^y «rp in the two and three clayp btylcs— ¦"'* *^ I- *. — a ¦ i IIS * M.UIUI««M^^^ son '» colorlrjrs. Some are slightly soiled or
*:zt* 6>* to 7 — In c&Jor* of uuis. red browns, r y* Jffl IPi>iaB »7>T«* tff "1 KBhJW" 1 " mussed from being used in window display.
mode black Rr.d white. For the two days' een- . Af "" ¦ srhlHfciif ffi W>-»»*—^ They formerly eold at from $4 to $5— to-morrow
Mt«.-.Tiji1 tilling, enly s^c pair ¦ - - *r ¦ ¦ - '^ . they will be closed out at ;.....' ...^l.Oo
15,000 lvr^vTLr P^ill Ri^rlr At Not ? b| y
s^\^«^ra^ E l^» Yards nvW l^dll DlatiV. a31II\^ LowPrices.
\wfcf^ -^^^m^^Sk OF? I I AlMr^l-^ can e P^ acec^ "pon our promise that this will be the Season's Banner
!§|Pik\ vii^^^SBHa KCLlnl"vD Black Silk Sale. It is our first sale of the new Fall Black Silks, and we
/ fei^^®^ *8^^^S^^^^ know that it will be a retail event nothing short of extraordinary. 15,000 yards of bright, beau-
/ 1 '^S^?©^M tiful black silks— TAFFETA, PEAU DE SOIE, PEAU DE CYGNE, CREPE DE CHINE
VvW'''^^^wl-2^f^. * nd DUCHESS — the most reliable and best products of foreign and domestic looms — will be
Y>^ilPiir \ \Si£3^|»^^'V P laccd on 5ale tllis week at sucn P rices as must prove irresistible inducements to all women de-
\^&7 \ wM$&?4?\l I siring black silks. It has taken many months of careful study and preparation to successfully
% \jXPZ2$^ \ \ equip our Silk Department for a sale of such great proportions. Our orders were placed as early
as six months ago. Prices have been constantly advancing — popular weaves have been growing
// 6^3!§^^^/3v scarcer — yet we quote prices impossible except on an unusual occasion by an organization like
~JJ L|p§ir^|^^3/"~ ours. Whether you wish to purchase or not we hope that you will visit this sale — we want you
ll-riSn^^Sr^*—^|jj%pl to see the matchless trade inducements this store offers in the Silk Department this week.
Manufacturers of silk petticoats, dressmakers and other apparel makers
—~ i^ifc ¦¦fin ¦ ~~ will find this the greatest silk opportunity.; ever seen in this city.
85c Duciiesse Satin, I . $1.25 Crepe de Chine, I $1.00 Silk Bengaline, II $1.75 Gros Grain Silk,
gi^ffiSSiflSiS 68c .<«« u a«'"^ 79c .^^ffisfji&CKS 59c \4%r» &&> '^ «* $1.12
• ** *• U\fv • ww C j ar now f or the finest costumes. www || offered. . .
SUPERB VALUES BLACK TAFFETA. | SPLENDID OFFERINGS BLACK PEAU DE SOIE.
19-Inch Black Taffeta. 36-Inch Black Taffeta, '21-Inch Black Peaa de Sole. 21-Inch Black Pean lie Sole.
»..,,.. valu* »v a CT i«™nti»*fl «r Actual value «.50-one of the *| in Actual value 85c— a soft finished nQ- Actual value $1.50— guaranteed ? I iC
craSe^fineflmsh*^SlSelrtS^-65C b«t drop «Urt silk, being used.. $1.10 Bilk that Is In yreut demand.. DbC to^glve superior service-great $ 1 , 1 0
21-lscli Black Taffeta, 36-Inch Black Taffeta, 20-lnch Black Peau de Sole, e " 36-Inch Peau de Sole, - .
, „ , ; ~~~ " — . - Actual value n.75— a very au- QC Actual value $L60— on« of the QQa Actual value »2— a grand qual-* I AC
Actual value $L(tt-«uperIor finish JQ^ pert oi- Quality that gives lasting 01.03 weights In general use for fall OOC Hy^ suitable I for fine costumes.. $1.40
— e^araateea for superior sen-Ice., low wear. . ( «.ii^,i«j*»i
23-Inch Black Taffeta 22-Inch Dress Taffeta, i 19-Inch Black Peau de Soie, 24-Inch Black Peau de Sole,
' Actual value S1.75-S<wiss man- $1 r)K Actual value J1.15-& gTand qual- 00n Actual value ¦ $1.75-extra fine i>j Or
Actual value $1.25— one of the sea- nn. ufacture— a «rr»nd quality forOli/0 lty that is superb value at the price UUli quality— has a superior lustrous $li L J
eor.s best silks-good weight ObC drwes finish.
26-inch Black Taffeta ' 27-lnch Black Taffeta, . 20-lnch Black Pean de Sole, 24-Inch Black Palllet de Sole, ?
• Actual value $L5^-cvery yard t>| IC Actual Jl.eO-superlor fln- *i in Actual value J2.00-one of the 6| rn
Actual value 51.35 — guaranteed flo* Is guaranteed— splendid value ut 01)10 «h and » heavy weight— grand 0 • • I U choicest materials used for fine OliOU
without restriction— a grand grade. 3uC the price. valua - costumes.
19-Inch Black Taffeta, j j 27-Inch Black Taffeta, I "C, J, Bonnet & Go." Taffeta, 11 19-Inch Black Peau de Soie, I
Actual value €5c-thlnk nn.v j Actual value $1.00 — a f»O#» v.nl Actual value Jl.K-the nn v . Actual value 73c— extra i|A A v .
of this offer-* good qual- IMP YafU prand wearing Krade and hnfl YJrfl finest grade of Swiss Taf- (jnfi Idlll heavy grade of fine Peau 4HR T aTu I
::y Black Taffetl at near- ""U 1 '" | n excepUonally great UUU feta. made by Bonnet & uww de Soie - the identical uu
ly haif price— it is an extraordinarily value at this special price— it is one Co.— the name on every yard-it Is quality sold everywhere for 75c yard
pood ofter. It w-ill be found a splea- of the best taffeta silks on the mar- one of the best taffeta silks imported —it Is a very lustrous and good-wear-
did qua'.ity for drop skirts and waists. ket-good. heavy grade. This quality to this country, and the reputation of ing quality, that will give the most
This Fi!k Is actually worth 65c— our of silk is worth $1.00 a yard-our sale the maker guarantees every yard-23 satisfactory service-durlng this sale
sale price only 3Sc price Is only t. 68c | Inches wide— our sale pnee 86c | | our price Is only 49c yard |
T, ,- „ o .. T~. 7 4 SSKS A GREAT HOSIERY SALE THIS WEEK.
¦New Fall Suits-Prices t^ Please. &£«•-« ennn p a j r< . | pHipo' I arp |j«i p u n « 0
Closing Out Corset Jacket. flfe- 0UUU I.L 5 . , aU i B n 8 : aCB L| SIB tlOSB,
For the next thre* days our Suit Department should be the Mecca of Regular 50c and 60c Values,
shrewd shoppers, for we oner some unquestionably grand values. The styles This is one of the best Hosiery values ft ft f
ore tho*e which appeal to the w^ll-dres-eed woman, bfing the correct and l i : r'- - *i t. rr i . • • . . J J I ft
eminently olcpar.t models eo much in vopue for fall. The materials are such ' VwSKAr' that wc " avc evcr °" ercd - an .d it is due only --I"
as are ehown by the most exclusive houses. When you purchase here .you iSSw to trip fart that la<;t wccV we rnnr!,^^ o " w A U
are a-surcd of two thlngs-the best of fashions and pleasing prices. • K^ wecK. \\C concluded a • O w
$32.50 New Pleated Jacket Suit, Wl ;pu?chase of about soo dozen pairs of. the most stylish
This Js oj:» of the smartest of the new creations: It comes £"->-•» — /-k VM] Lace Lisle Hose, representing the very, newest French de-
£u a T£S££? mucftSta.^Si^ooifiJ ntV JSa^iS $22.50 m signs. There are the most /elegant effects in openwork
sleeves hare fancy cuffs, the skirts are flared; the whole suit shcw3 the hand- M«V an<^ dose ribbed Styles. The heels, toes and soles are dou-
iwork cf expert tailors^ The actual worth i. U«0; our price $22.50 eycry stockjng Jn thc , ot {& , and
635.00 Dress Suits (Sample Lines), ¦&/; clastic; fast black. All sizes-8 to 10. This is really a
All sizes, but only one or two suit* of a kind in this lot of m«> (ZS a , , ,. . , > oo ,» .
Fample 5ults: cheviot? and etamines in the long-skirted and jh I V / 7 great offering — 50c and OOC qualities for 00 1-Jc pam. ,
•blouse Ftyles: some have 6houlder capes, others fancy stoles; H / *^»'*-' THF NFW FAI I TIRF^Q P.finnQ PPITFn I/FDV I fill/
all have the latest sleeves and skirts. This week these $25.00 suits will be sold IIIU '» L « • **LL URLOO UUUUO — rKIOCU ,VtKT LUW.
at J19.75. . ijAst week our introductory sale of the new fall dress Roods attracted wideipread at-
ADFV!APl/ARf ¥=¦ VAI IIP . tentlon. and that keen internet may be maintained In the department we again offer three
KCjUHKriADLD VALUE. rplendld specials for this week, calling your attention, to the fact that the fabrics are the
In anticipation of e heavy shipment of new Jackets now en route, we latest fashion creations: /
want to clear out all the Jackets and Corset Coats remaining In stock, and 44-INCH COARSE MBSH ETAMINB,
have reduced prices to euch figures that will result In the swiftest selling. Actually worth $l.00-AU-wool materlal-tho fall fashion's most popular 01-. V 4
fsl^ Oft Cf\fiS.(*t fnnrc weave in ctamine effects— In numerous colorings and black OOC IQ.
These iackets come in tan covert and black cheviot: they are C"7 * SC „.,. Jr, *^ AL>t ' ** » VL.US> < t^,
tailor made, with or without velvet collars, and lined with taf- «J> * •TrO , |. h " e ar *^, th8 materials that are usefl for the latest style fall euita— grf f\(\
*cta ard eatin. ' in all the leading effects and colors ti)l»l/Vl
§13.50 Jackets and Blouses, An Exceptional Offering for Monday-New Mercerized Oxford Cheviots,
Tan covert coats, satin lined, velvet collars; black cheviot CK *K These are the regular 60c and 7Sc qualities-Mondav we will - A o
blouse Jackets; new pouch sleevea with cuffs. <UO«^O Ben the latest styles of Imported Oxford Cheviots at thU low price- these A.7SC
C7 PJO T»n Cnv^Pf »InrlfPrc arc t ? e materials that will be extensively used this fall for waists; they "*-**«'
? • ,* , «Vl/ ,.^ .*"**» - are highly mcrcerlred in the yarn before weaving— There are fancy and plain strlDes
All-wool material, narrow close-fitting collars, sleevca fin- C?o Qff also dotted effect, and plain colors, on white and colored grounds— both plain and basket
ished with cuffs; sizes Zi to 12. OO.OO weaves— This price will prevail for only one day— to-morrow-so you must come early to
* * secure these 60c and 75c values for 48c. .Complete "Work of Convention.
SAN DIEGO. Aue. 29.— The "Western
Baptists' Association delegates completed
most of the business of the convention
last evening and spent to-day in a trip
by tallynos to the Mexican boundary.
Pasadena has been chosen as the place
for the annual meeting next August. A
board of managers was elected last night
for the Old People's Home and Orphans'
Home and authorized to Incorporate ac
ccrflias to the laws cf California,
nouncement of the engagement of Miss
Clare McDonald, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard McDonald, formerly cf San
Francisco, to T. L.. Oddie, superintendent
cf the Tonopah Mining Company, was
announced in this city to-day by her
grandmother, Mrs. M. Gardner. McDon
ald was formerly president of the Peo
ples' Home Bank.
Miss McDonald came to this city about
a year ago from New York, where her
mother is now living. Mrs. McDonald,
after moving to New York, married a Mr.
O'Connor. .,;..*
The announcement of the engagement
cornea as a complete surprise to the maty
friends of the young . lady, who Is re
garded as one of the society queens of
this city. She is a graceful demibionde
and about 18 years of age. The* wed
ding, it Is said, will take place before the
liolidays.
Miss Clare McDonald Is to Wed Su
perintendent Oddie of the Tono
pah Mining Company.
CARSON CITY, New, Aug. 23.— The an-
NEWS OF ENGAGEMENT
COMES AS A BIG SURPRISE
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 29.—
The position of pastor of Memorial
Church, lormerly held by Dr. R. Heber
Newton, *I11 remain vacant indefinitely.
The board cf '-ustees of the university
have decided that hereafter the pulpit
i-hall be S'led on^alternate Sunday morn
ings by eminent clergymen Invited for
the purpose, while Chaplain D. Charles
Gardener will preach regularly e.ery oth
er Sunday.
l"he iO'.lowing ministers are among those
who will be h^ard at the Memorial
Church in ...ie near future: Rev. Charles
R. Brown cf the. First Congregations*.
Church Df Oakland; Dr. Hoffmeyer,
Dutch Reformed- I'.ishop Warren of the
Methodist Episcopal Church; Rev. Frank
L. Hosmer, Unitarian; Bishop .Hamilton,
Methodis
The board of trustees have appointed
Mrs. Stanford and Charles G. Lathrop,
her brother, a committee on the manage
ment cf the church.
Board cf Trustees of the Memorial
Church at Stanford Decide
Not to Appoint.
POSITION OF PASTOR
WILL BEMAltf VACANT
people.
Tho grrjnds v»ere handsomely decorated
and the various *K>oths under the spread
ing oaks wtie decidedly attractive. An
excellent musical programme was gen
dered.
The booths were in charge of the fol
lowing:
Vcnry work — Mrs. TV. B. Bradford and Mrr
J. K. Al*xande,
TVa «nd coffee- Mrs. j. A. Buck and Mrs
M'v P. Taylor.
rare*!— Mrs.. S *\ Oierfa. Mrs. Smith, lira. i
Hennrl-aum and Mi? Ulckson. I
Ice crram — Sl«*sdam--s John Dollar. L. A ,'
Lance!. \V!!!!am r>|f-!-:s«n.
I^-mor.aue — Misses Anna Foster and • ilae '
Gibson.
Cand\ — Mif see M. Laneel, M. Thayer and
Errina Dana. •
Scotch — Mrs. J. A. Webster and Mrs. • WI1- i
Ibun Barr. . "I
Mrs. pr. Keck had general supervision :
ever aR the booths.
S2TT BA1A1.L GAJRDEN FETE
PBOVES A GREAT SUCCESS
Many San Franciscans Attend Enter
tainment Given for Benefit of
Presbyterian Church.
SAN RAFAtL, Aug. 29.— The garden
ft-',* given this afternoon at the residence
cf M. A. \V. Foster, on Forbes t. >iue,
was a ~uccess both financially and so
«'a:iy. <-'rom 2 t 6 p. m. the palatial
rvidence and Fp«cious grounds were
thrown epen to »he guests of the Ladles'
Aid S( iety of the First Presbyterian
Church.
San liafaol society was out in full force,
.vhile a special Lain of the California
Northwestern Railroad, which arrived at
2:30 o'ciock brought man: San Francisco
VAL.L.EJO, Aug. 23.— In accordance with
orders received from Washington, work
will be commenced at the navy yard on
the -new tralninc ship Intrepid September
L At the smithery old material will be
reworked to make the vessel's keel. The
etern post and rudder of the tug Soto
yomo, recently launched here, was made
at Mare Island from the Iron turret rings
of the eld Monadnock. The Imprint of
chot and shell received from Confederate
ijuns at Fort Fisher when the Monadnock
was In action close to the fort can be seen
In the remaining rings.
Will Begin Work on Training Ship.
E. IL Bartcn, superintendent of the
Yellow Aster, announces that any person
wishing to enter the employ of the com
pany cai. file a written application with
hlni and that that no discrimination will
be ir.adc against union or non-union men.
When the strike breakers arrived thlr
morning several of them attempted to con
verse vith members of the Randsburg
union, hut the employment agent wou'd
not allow It. OfScers of the union will
£re\«;r.t any disorder occurring.
In anticipi :lon of the effort to reopen
the mines Sheriff T *clly of Bakersneld
and Deputy James Quinn are here. The
Sheriff hlmsel' is a Randsburg man and
U perfectly acquainted with the parties
on both side? Depu' ' Quinn is a mem.
be»- of the Machinists' Union and in higi.
standing in labor circles. It is believed
that th* presence of these men may be
usefu. :o both sides in the controversy.
RANDSBURG. Aujr. a.— A rumor that
Is apparently well founded that the Yel
low Aster mines will start up about Sep
tember J has changed tna order of travel
and people are ccnlny la instead of leav
lr-s the camp. A special train of the San
ta Fe, wnlch arrived this morning,
brought a carload of miners for the Ye'
lcw rf-eter.
It is thought that all the properties here
will begin operation within a few days.
Miners will be hired regardless of the
unions. This Is welcome news to the
business intere: s of the camp after three
months of idleness. T he rebuilding- .of the
burned portion cf the town has begun and
indicators are that the camp will be
rehabilitated within a few weeks.
Special Train Arrives at the
Camp With Carload of
Strike Breakers.
Miners Will Be Em
ployed Regardless
of Labor Unions. -
YELLOW ASTER
IS TO REOPEN
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
25
the EMPoitnrar. \z the emporium. | ' the emporium, I the emp^bittm. | the emporium. ' 1 the ' emporium.
? f Special Sale Goods ordered by mall or f !
Choice of Any $3.50 Shoe In s telephone w m not be sent c. o. d. We Sell Stetson $5.00 Hats
Store—Monday and Tuesday $3.15 i*^ym f/*? fofm $4'00--KinBsburys for $3
We w»nt you to know what a good shoe store we have and to induce you /^- \ M .^: jL j* A \' M -L j' *j*^, \ The new Fall styles of both these famous makes are rcady-the Derby
to buy a tnal pair of shoes (if you arc not a ready a customer), we make ,-# J £/J %J^ #^/>### f^7**V A M M fr&7^ ~A <ur. 'x. tl u v j c vtut>
this reduction frcm the price cf the best quality of shoes that are ,o!d .t @^ ITj^£JLVJNW</ JijL4444f£ c P=S< '' "* M ' ' m mCQ J
$3.50. Any style or leather for man or woman. If you buy. a pair of <BtpP m * 4 Wr* r^— r -- -^, , r Stetson s, and our price for them is only $4.00. The Kingsburyi come in
these shoes to-morrow or Tuesday we are sure that you will become a per- CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST?. jS^^aBBlP^^^^*^^^^ a^ a8^ on *bl e shapes and are guaranteed to wear well for one year. There
( mincnt patron of th T s department. aaSS^S^^^^ m^l^Ln\CA'Z'CnMlDZZT ZTOUZ are n0 0^cr hats as good for the price— $3.00.
A SiSH' 8a " Imported and Domestic Model Gowns, I TfZJ^i^
J2ZZZTL.. Suits, Coats and Wraps--Fall19O3 w e t™,™oui
K?L^X^;. • Opening Display Beginning Monday : SSSSS^^^tKl
wide, in all the leading colorings — JA^^, This is the earliest Opening Fall Dis- • -^Fjgtoy^? surely, tempt you: .All of the pieces
Crcam B:ack /Sim ' J%^ Play Of Gowns and Wraps we have ever are hand-embroidered and many
Pink White (mm m&£) been able to makp and itisthe grandest MmT pf them are trimmed with real Va-
LiehtBlue Nile W s f T*Y peen dDie lOmaKe, ana lUStnegranaesi. . ' T-Z-T ' lenciennes, Torchon -or Smyrna
Navy * Cardinal V • We shal! show f or the first time Monday • JgL/ ><^C La . ces * The assortment includes
Maise Heliotrope A\\ ,^rVV>5^ and during the entire week, hundreds ' /^^y a ( line- of bridal sets/at
Turquoise • Av bfbeaiititul dresses and. coats made'by yUsA V •g^X/nit VSv\ from 1^20.00 ¦ to -/60.00; in single
These are beautiful liberty satinribbons, & W %Vttl -»^PB the World's foremost designers. /TL_3m ' ifft^JLLwa W^L E^ men tS V/e have-
all .olid colors with a fancy hem. LJK" | M HS fSWi^R X Among the famous Paris and Vienna $M& D«we-?°from $ !HS
• ititchcd bordering on either side, and j^&M ; 4 " 1 vT^Sf | °> \ MndistPS rpnrP^PntpH hv rhpir rrPflt ion<? V^ 111 % J Drawers from .. 2.50 to 17^0
suitable for hair and neck bows, V^W> hfVT^ \j\ AlO f < ?. SteS represented by their creations \^/t MM IWAWfM Gowns from. . .. 5 .00to 32.50
sashes and hat trimming,. Regularly l /M TV Miff W&& - in thlS exhibit are: Havet, Sara I Mm^^m 1^ l\W- Remise from.. 225 to 10.00
40c yard- sa'e price /// ' M 45§%® I KS^- Mayer, Blanche Le Bouvier, Maurice Mayer. m/Illl \\U\ \-^^M « V 1 • Skirts from. . . . 1230 to 35.00
.....'...... / \f i \ ¦IjIKp* Perdoux, Beer, Dre coll, Leroy and Braunstein. ¦ 1/11 1 In || \ \\ \ I / '
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — * ! 1 I " wm Our opening assortment of garments includes:— I ill \\\\ \ M\X$ -The Ten Best
Lining Silk \ \ '<? K Imported and Model Gowns iff III 111 \M 1 ' New Books $1.08
KSP V *# II '^ ; d ii u $85.00 to $600.00 IliM I! ( f/i \ s i s th e new> Action in
G&Girartl MkM\ • >ii\' Imported and Novelty Cloth Coats If/I I II \" ¦ \ \ «?Tf> and: K PUb "
Do you wish a good lining $JM- -.\ S-^l'K \ ty^m^<i/M^. Mill -IS II ill v • V ished at- S1.50 each; our
silk? A lining that is guar- Mi J|i|i .*£.«>:&>,&«».«>¦ ||| |j| MfflJ J I M v ... pr ice....... S1.O8
anteed to be pure siik, I ¦-¦ \ h, . >v\ j&wJ&tSi'liWV Crepe de Chine Dresses tm^MWlrtfX R \ " CaU of thc Wild '" J lck London -
that will not split, |4h or tear g* if \| 'A «^El\ JHIT/ \¥^fc4} "KSr'^
Ifso ask at the lining ; counter, third / . _ H! VfeS, W^ S^mBm\ C/ , ... , «. /f/ / \ f/ \>^^^S^ "Lad y W, Daughter," Mr,. Ward.
a:s!c leit ot entrance, ior Samson ¦¦ //>"•"¦? v}if i'^\^ \^v^^=i^^^ :(^^w| v .\ Street, Calling and Carnage Gowns (,,/ // \ W \ \J?f5oiS>^' " "At the Time Appointed," a. m. Barbour.
S/7A> 19 inches wide, in V~ W- ' W^-TFOSfc $14-95 to $0^.00 l/ #»" \ \ "V^ "U««l« the Ro^" FriUua
any shaae you wish to match; the i^P^^^^^'^S^^2^? Y #S \LW . i 7^ U T^". ! SS T^ mX ? 8B^
. i. • . x <£i^HJ\ V'^^W^^&jV Ci T 1 r* ' if* i t z. i I //-I ' Vi^Sr*^' "Gordon Keith," Thomas Nelson Page,
very belt Im:ng you can purchase; %vj^ trfl^^O^^^ Sty llSll Covert Corset Jacket W^jlLA' ?W. "Mettle of the Paitare," Jan .• Lane AUen.
per yard 58c . $I2.$O to $2$.OO ¦ > -^^MZ2'* 1 iif^ "lioni of the Lord," Harry L. Wilson.
$S,&& ®MS§ $Ht a 5Q\ $1.00 Quality Crepe de Chine 78c $6 Go-Carts $4.69
t ojr Men's Gh&Fminsg Mgw Silks and Dress Stuffs ™ c " = hand *°™ {M '^ n^T-
4&*2 an 4g% &Z>n OO Go- Carts, rattan seats, arm rests, U '
§ Fail Suit* A big purchase of beautiful French Crepe de Chines will be offered at special sale on myrtle enameled «teei gear and spring, L^ -
vcr y " perch" frcm one of the first table in main aisle Monda/and Tuesday. It is the finest quality of French ¦$£*?£ %Xi$%L£ JS %
r^ the best makers ; n America. New Crep^ de Chine that can be imported to sell at one dollar the yard, in such choice lasts $4.69
1903 fabrics cut in the fashions an( j mucri wanted colorings as rose. pink, nile green, cream, beige, light Adjustable Go-Cart— with ail the latest ffgaSTgi
\ ui a nt=T. Cn nTw offerei a" the very b^e, Cardinal, yellow, pastel, navy, White and black; a really exceptional improvements, tapestry cushion para- g^g&OT
winur. ajh o.ie.c. a. tnc\crj » j ' r _ ... , , ~ , £f &JslwLm l0 '» 8tcc ' enameled gear, foot brake, VfpJ * J *CT'l
? beginning of the new season at an value at $1.00; The Emporium price Monday and Tuesday, only m ' f *~ ctc# . # ~.f> t % $8.50 **
ZkT °lAhcs r e su'tVarTnoTarT BIack and Wh »te Silks— Will be exceedingly popu'ar 52-inch Donegal Homespun— In a pretty line of new y Handsome Go-Cart— Closely woven body, Bedford
s P o"uteiy 8 ati,factor; when you ge't SSSSSiS ™ *"*" M """^ 75C ' ? th " ?? ** in *™ de ™ d *' V$%% -rd cushion, side fully upholstered, .ateen parasol with j
them home return them to us at ....... • . . *» two ruffles, latest improved springs, gearing and brake,
««.. ,r,A .\ u , New Dress Silks— Butonne effects; one of the latest Mixed Tweeds »d Snowflake Suitings— 48 and 52 inches can be adjusted to any position . SfO.OO
once ana gel yOVr money bacK. p ar U fads lor strsct and evening wear, yard $1mOO wide, in a full line of co'orings, per yard . . .... . $1.OO ' • V*w»w
Fi-ber s'nc : ; nr rfonh> hrcacn-r? . /~> r l u r l- ..... . Hood Top Carriaffts — Large aswrtment, from $6. «o to . S3O.OQ
c , 6 c • ° ou ° c feasted Corkscrew Silks— One of the best ieLen this season; 52-inch Granite Suitinir— An, exceptional quality of ¦ ,„ v .. * . „ . . ,
JiKI //' Sack Coat Suns, in the faU 1903 ancdur ;hi F m.-nt in aU colors just in, yard $1.OO this popu; a r weave, in gray, brown, tan,, red, navy," royal and black, Carry bith Go-Carts and Baby Carnages for tunns.
0/AV"* patterns of worstcas, cheviots, Lumenaux Silk— A new yarn dye; one of the pretest y«d .......... .... -..; 7Bo -,
SS^^^S^fo^g^ all Ws for .tre. and evening wear, yan,..750 Fflncy ZibeIines _Mixed Tweed, and Striped Cheviot,, LStUffMng Wafer— i5C
fic.oo vausr, during this sale «3& £?J7 £2? &P 36-inch Black Taffeta— A very heavy quality and a good 36 to 38 inche. wide, complet: line of colorings, y»rd .... BOO T «,_ «/_ c-^«.^«- «*„„!„-,# mf#
C ¦•• k -i J U ¦ u J c u c- • w earing ilk; one of the-bigsto.e f *exctp:ional values at, yard. $1.0 O aa j «. r-l \iVKll „ A nr^tfv tiV<.r fini.h^i MHO Big taatOfH MUSIOai Hit
Sty.nh smgic or doub c breasted Sack Suits, just manu- * K '* «»*»w 44-inch Colored Zlbelines — A pretty si.vcr-nnished »¦,•-• r ., , J l»' v •.*- :
facturrd to: faU and winter 1903; scm: of the brst fabric, designed for Black Peau de Soie-Our guaranteed brand; a very heavv . good., in all color,, yard 75o A c hirm ; n g. intermezzo for Ihe piano, the pretneit uutrn-
the com n S stason; ancv efficts or plan colors; rxt a good $17.50 briUiant luster sUk; one of the but vilu.-$ m tht city at, yard.$f. OO 43. inch Black Cheviot— A good heavy quality that will mental piece issued for months; come in and hear it
and J2o.oo values, during th: s sale & fl 1? P% (f% 54-inch Mixed Tweed Suiting— Very pretty; the proper g ve .at .factory wear; on: of our be.t dre» goods valuci at, yard. . played by. our pianist; regularly 25c, Monday «nd
•••••¦ *p a M m%J%J ma eriU for the fashionable long fkirt coat, yard $1.25 . • • • ¦ -5Oo during the week while quantity lasts, per copy . IQq
N&w Stamped Linens on Tuesday and Wednesday Some New Gloves
The Art Department is showing thc jatest in Mt. Mciicck designs indoyiies. Important Sale Women's Hosiery Our. new Fall Importation of the famous Empress one-
center pieces w ft pillow., table covers etc :., these pretty pme cone -corn. s , , , , doz-nof Ladies' ImDorted Black dollar gloves is now ready. There are severalpretty new
wheat, grape, etc., patterns, both stamped and tinted, ready for embroidering. OwVcidi IlUUUicU UOZ"I1 UI LdUlcb - IIIipuiLcU OldLK ujr ir 1/ 4. jt_ r"^*-^ *"r y *
stamped unenshoe Bags- in pretty d«i 6ns , tape bound- Cotton Lace Hose-^-that would be a special value at -shades of grays, slates, beavers, tans and browns. The i
! f o l e .; \%% t ?££ ilS 8 pockcts 35c 25c a pair-are to be sold at 17c or 3 pairs for . . 50c M^ ar ? u stitc .!? ed ?, n , th^ wi r th a , nea f, one row
'^Li^r^Dl^^L^^y'^. Th= new addifon where trunk Tl,*\^l.h ' c T^Jn,, nnX,U,<r embroidery, either white or black; the black,, are fast color, all. with black
de O prm-nt r-o-meriv wa, w?i be cp-ncd M- n^ay > \ ////J SCllc begins fuesdciy \mOM.ltlg \ . embroidery. We bcieve the Empress to be the ben gi.oo gloves made, r; ;:
IBissffiiiSSt &§3§b A\ ,* B3HS = 5 ~ if 7MM Mew EVHiiiBtepw
And Qihor Bedding Specials XmlFtf fiffl / / $Zm f&'J0^M\l ¦ Stunning Ready-to-Wears
Re2d tr.ese c r eat olfenngs in fine Deeding supp ics to open \4K/f'"[/ ¦ f\fl /*//''/'' /AVR «'B '/''//' Jr ,;¦?/ W r« t i • , * »- <
t. r- 11 j • l \ • /- -i • » l • ***-**# bib ¦y / y'/Mvn ¦ : S /' /' w For wppk<; our hnvpr«; in thf» F^^t havf»
up the Fall trade with a ruth in California's greatest house- . jfiSfa MM ¦ //ffitiL '¦ 'u\'-/ f~ vk. ft rui weehb uui uuycii ill uie Cdai nave.
own cry -7 2x84 inch «ze f.r hrgr beds, inW new goii bord=r, a Jl^ltK ' 1 ~" *" ' " fall and winter styles in Millinery, and we
fda.r!"? ! ?C - caUy . r " cc . J ? r . M . Jn ? a !' < .". 1 Tu " d / v ". ! 56r.SS WW^^^^^^^^m ¥^^^^^^^^ feS^Sg^aagy^g^^Bii are makin S a larger display of the kinds that
whiTe^iyanktts-Ascoiweii-rnadequ.iityfarhrge^^ Q W W /I^J^^BtoS^l /fe^^^^^S^^^^^M willbe wornthis winter thanhas ever
beds (70 inches wide), blur, pink or red borders, pair>?^«Jr«J J^ RBI iCT Orf^ «¦¦)¦¦ H \j| T/^^^!r* > f u " j t. •
Fine cem'orter,- si k-wnc covered, cosdy tu'ted, la. c y ajg— fMu ||1h |»]f f// I | Ri^sraiS^^^^^^^a^ been made before so early in the season.
stitched wjoI edgf, every pattern new, eich &Mm'4?-& plfy Mil HfM |J H tl Walt^S^SS25SgS=J^^^ Nf) trOllhlf 4 tO <;ilit VOI1 nOW in H TP^Hv-tn-
Extri Bfd Comforters- Th: fancy qni ted nfetant'al kind, with $SS Um || H W if^^^^^^=^^^S< ¦ 1XU IIUUU1C IU S)Ull yOU HOW III d reday 10
attractive ccuble border, a *2.z S va.ue, Emporium _ g^^^^^yffl) U U II I^^^^^^^^^Mf WGar Or StVjlSn l V trimmed fall hat.
ccst to-day 14c th: jard; hfre on Mtnlay and Tu siay, **\f @M J&ffl N W W prJCeS Will SUJt yOU, Whether it be a
Btd Shtttirtf— Fully 90 inches wioe; a soft fin shed, unbleachei, good « /iV/ > ' • . j 7 WlSil, a reauy-lO~
wearing cuiliy; ins ead of 22l4ctheprd, Monday and #rtf/ o . • , O # » triITl Mat Or a TeaCiy-tO- Wear. We Shall
T««i.V. §5 !« th. Emporium. . .' .../.. /8^C Sa/s Library Tables Dressing Tables \ Sale Dressers d jt D i easure / 0 show vou our ffoods
Pillow Casts- Round thread, bleacheJ, 45x36 inches, 100 This Library Table - GclJen, oak, or r.al ma- This Dressing Tab.e-Eitner golden oak or This Dresser— Quarpr sawci gold.-n oak 6r • ucc " 1 ' 1 U F icaoui c lu oiiuw >UU UUJ gUUUS,
dorcn only at th: piice, each . I UG hogany finsh, beautifully polihcd, good imitation maheginy. top 18x42 inches; the mahegany finished, all handsome grain wood, eVen it yOU are nOt yet Teady tO buy.
66-inch Table Damssk — Belfast make, very hravy, yard . . . 6S0 cabinet work, very substantia 1 , top 26x40 French beveltd elge plate m'.rror is i8xzo f u u $we 1 f r ' cnt) top .42x45 'inches, Ftench ' X>aoAtt tr» wmor riotc Qr.'fl #7 en
70-inch Bleached Damask- -Fine make, v:ry special value, yard. 75© inch;s. the fluted legs 3^ inches in diameter, inches; these ptett/ tab.es are made cfbeauti- beveled edge pUte glass mirr-r, finest polished I\edUy-lU-Wear lldlb . .OOC lO PO.OU
" roomy ihelf and drawer, regularly <ao.oo. fully figured woods, highly polished, and an fi^h, 1^35.00 value, Monday and Tues- Trimmed hatS ,.$4.95 tO $25 00
Lace Curtains SS||^^ ' •»•»¦ diy for - • • • • • • : $21.60 — — ; — ; — 7—
59C and 8^-C Pair Magnificent line Bedroom Suites— $20.00 to $425.00 E&OlfS* SuStS
The big. strike/but recently ended. in Saie Of HaSSOCkS—69C and 89O . 49 yws atZ &tx nn
the Curtain manufacturing districts in the /Vl nnr lav onH Ti^qH^u'c c\ffrc\rf\<r^ Qnpri^l nffprinrr in thp ¥&**+*** 9&*W W $><J.UU
East has so retarded and crippled this iVIOnaay ana 1 UeSOay S attraGtlVe Special OTTering in ine Three exceptional-values these. Prices
industry that it will probably be many Carpet Department: . as low as similar qualities can be obtained
months before such values as we offer 100 Brusse i s Hassocks 69c; $1.50 Axminster Hassocks 89c for in any first-class clothing store in
to^aycanagambesecureaforourcus- Smith AxminsterCarpetS $1.25 Yard America. Now is the time to secure
ecru or whhc, 4 fine patterns to select ircm, just the assortment offered at one-twenty-five includes our complete line of pat- ; .$3.45
curtain for. general use, never soW regalarly less temS, Which include many reproductions Of the Old ..Frehcfl MoqUetfeS, Boys'Blovsc Sailor Sviis-For ages 3 to 12 years, in an-
75c the pair, tor thc two days O&C fjjrnon<i fnr fhpir (\(A\rC\CV (\f rnlnrinfYC anH trrP^t Hlirahilltv Th><;P hpantiflll " 'wod-mndard »erge«, nary and royal blue, with handsomely brxided
Good Lace Curtains— 40 inches widc, 3 ya^s long, heavy idinoub ior ineir aencacy ot colorings ana great aurauiiiLy. 1 neM^DeauLiiui , . CQ]^^^n^^^ on iy . .\ ..... .$3.95
Scotch net, either ecru or white, in V vo excellent pat- Carpet.ingS Sewed, lined With excellent quality Of Carpet lining and a 25 Boy,' Ban. Bv^tan and Sailor Blouse Suit,- For ages z#
terns, our regular extra value at £l.OO the pair, for two put OIV yOUr flOOr, per yam .. . . . . . .... .... ...... • • ? • .;. •> • • • • • •'• T*" '• ' to 7 yc^s, new norehy for 6U, in serges, chcrlots ani^&ncy.mtj-i
days only . . .•/.>.;., . .... . . . . S5C We do not belong to any Furniture or Carpet Combine. '¦'¦¦*5 ure$ » v ? mt have lmaU Eton co.^,^ckerbockertronKnt4l5^00
New Flannels VlfHTlf^sW Groceries and LittUiOrS Mew Trimmings > Men's New Hosiery
Ftac Scotch Tennis— Non-shrbkab!e, VJP.4*.ll*Wr<^ f T# : r ; , Novelty Laces- A great, variety of medallion* V 2/1 j/ NeckWCar
patterns to select trom, ya . . JOO fLPK 4A%JL &J MJL 1 Se polio- Enoch Morgan's -4 bars . . 2SO Saulerneand ReislinS-Go^J S -year old table \~ ; ' - ~ to m 6 BO «^5« or figured effects, • also jsoms Teiy fiaej
carryf aU of the solid colors. 36 >^ • J^ >^ _ , j -S§Jg!!a^!^SS Singh* pair 25o V
inchci widc; yd • ffc i/i^vl4 E 7u°;dTn B : k : ns /? w . d r M : n : y ? ac^ v c , . . , 5 o6to S *. 5 o "tzti^^Xi™^^
German Bdcrdown Flannels— Some in |g W /<J1 /.jT^S . „.-;..-•- T , D . , u , mouth or Gm, regular y fi.as bottle .... Spsns'td Trimmin S s-In the new itraight haberdaiherj, four-in-hand^ imperials and
tatin stripes, errry piece new; yd. . . 1BO JSL^k^*^ J^ff^^dW^ Worcestershire sauce— J-f a & Fernni , Bottle ... ... .._.... .... • • &1.UU . bands and, festoons, bands from % to 14 ascots, in the newest colorings and designs,
Embroidered Flannels— Fine work, A i < T^I • T*r * " ' ' ' \* * * ' * ' * * " American .Club Whiskey— A ' good itraight - inches wide, fcstjbns from ¦*£ to 5 inches,per including some of the very fcshionable bine
large aisortmtnt; yd. . . 600 to $1.95 j\\\ B H « 4St Wdk^fclr Kentucky Belle Bourbon— Full quarts . £F56 bourbon, iallon :...-. I . .$fmQB yard. ...... 2QotO $7m5O and gray effects, each . SOoContinued From Page 21, Column 3.
PRODUCES. FIGURES . TO SHOW.
REDDING, Aug. 29.— All of the contests
of the will made by the late W. L. Smith
have been dismissed and Mrs. Mae Helene
Bacon Boggs ' will _ enjoy benefits ; of
the "estate left by., her • uncle -and in* ac
cordance with the provisions of his 'will.
'Mrs. Maggie McKinney Smith, who
claims , to be the .widow of the lat.a \V.
I^Sn-Uh, Hied a contest of the will. V Mrs.
Dazarene Frost, representing herself and
other Eastern heirs, "also^entered a con
test • and both Mra.'i McKfnney Smith and
Mrs. . Dale prayed the , court to *¦ suspend
Mrs. Boggs as executrix. The case prom
ised to be long drawn out, arid somewhat
sensational developments were : promised.
The affair has ;: now- been»amicably,.set
tled out of court- to the entire satisfaction
Settle Will Contest Out of Court.
The corrected figures of the assessment
roll of this city and county for the year
1903, as ' completed ' yesterday by Auditor
Bachr and his force of deputies, show a
total valuation of $427,641,648, subdivided
as follows: I
Real estate .-;........ $201,307,990
Improvements ....... 08.5S4.16O— $300,002, 150
Personal property .... 03,833,420
Money .'and* solvent
credits .............. ¦ S3,596,16»— 127.549.COS
, Total $427. C41.64S
This is an . increase of . H89 ,633 over the
valuation of $427,452,110 1 returned by As
sessor Dodge. The city Board of Equali
zation added $63,237 to the roll, which
makes a net Increase of $126,301 over the
Assessor's returns.
In ; this connection , U '•, is : interesting to
note'- that should the State Board of
Actualization decide to raise the assessed
Revised Boll Shows Aggregate Sum
of $427,641,648.
CITY'S ASSESSMENT.
CLEVELAND, Ohio,' Aug. 23.— The con
dition of Senator Hanna is believed to be
more serious than his physicians will ad
mit. The Senator himself : does not be
lieve he is a very •. sick man and talks
of, taking part in. the Ohio campaign. He
is quite weak, however, and his medical
advisers will not promise that ho will be
out soon. He will be obliged to remain in
bed for a week or so and may be confined
to his house for a considerable time.
CONDITION OF HANNA
IS NOT ENCOURAGING
PRESCOTT, jj Ariz.. Aug. 29— The cases
of M. J. Connelly and Henry Pitts, mem
bers of the Miners' Union, charged with
contempt of court for ; alleged violation
of the injunction restraining .them from
interfering with the operation of the
mines, were heard' to-day by Judge R. E.
Sloan. Connelly was found guilty and
sentenced to sixty days in Jail. The tes
timony was not i sufficient to convict
Pitts, and he was discharged.
Must Serve Sixty Days' Imprison
ment for Disregarding Bestrain
ing Order issued by Court.
MEMBEB OF THE MINEBS'
UNION IS SENT TO JAIL
Within eight months we have received
enough emigrants from Europe to re
people Ireland. \
Throughout the world about 3 per cent
of women gain their living directly from
the sea.
The ; board then ; took the matter under
advisement. It will : not make known its
decision for several days. / ,
Reverting to the re^Jrt of the expert
to the State Board of Equalization, Dodge
said he had taken the sales in a certain
district in the city where properties are
constantly on the Increase and had
sought to make it appear that all prop
erty values should have been assessed on
the basis of these sales. Not a sale had
been reported from the Richmond, Sun
nyside, Potrero or South San Francisco
districts. Had there been it would have
been shown that properties in the sec
tions named are assessed for all they can
stand, Dodge declared.
In concluding his argument Dodge re
minded the members of the board that
when" Suit Francisco's assessment was
raised $50,000,000 several years ago no ap
peal for a reduction was made. The city
and county had been paying on this In
crease all these years, and has further
increased its valuation $75,000,000. He said
it would not be fair to raise San Fran
cisco's assessment above the amount re
turned on the tax rolls.
Mayor E. E. Schmitz was asked if he
had anything to say and he replied that
Assessor Dodge had covered the ground
very fully, and beyond asking that no in
crease be made he had nothing to say.
CBITICIZES EXPEBT'S WOBK.
Angeltw ' " increased only $51,000,000.
Dodge stated that within the past five
years ho had raised the assessment on
real property in San Francisco $40,000,000.
Market-street property had been raised
considerably within the past three years,
the BIythe block having been Increased
$352,000, the Phelan block $256,000 and the
Baldwin* block $548,000.
PARIS, Aug. 25.— Paris, Which lately
paid homage to a child dramatist of 14
years, who was admitted to the Society
of the Men of Letters of France, now
boasts of a child artist. His name is
Pierre Grenard. He Is the son of a bank
er and is only 10 years old. He has re
markable talent, but paints altogether
from memory. A model or a picture to
copy from perplexes him. His father once
bought him a box of colors to amuse him.
In a little while the child presented him
with a water color that startled ths
father. Some oil colors were then given
him. and he is now launched in art at the
age of 10 and already is much more suc
cessful than many painters who have
passed through the schools.
His Name Is Pierre Grenard' und Ha
Paints Wonderful Pictures
From Memory.
PABIS' LATEST PBODIGY
A TEN-YEAB-OLD ABTIST
The Political Code provides that the
State Board of Equalization may raise the
valuation by such percentum as is suf
ficient to raise the property to its full
cash value, but it cannot raise any mort
gage, deed of trust, contract or other ob
ligation by which a debt Is secured,
money or solvent credits above their face
value.
valuation its action will not affect the
assessments on cash, solvent credits or
mortgages. These represent a stable val
uation and cannot be changed.
The State board has no power to raise
the rate of $1,076 imposed by the Board
of Supervisors, but could raise the rate
for State purposes.
In the year 1S91-1892. when the assess
ment roll was raised,— the valuation of
real estate and improvements was in
creased from $277,340,008 to $332,808,010, and
the valuation of personal property from
$68,SS4,698 to $79,239,002. The entire roll was
raised from $346,224,706 to $412,047,076, an in
crease of $63,822,370.
REDDING, Aug. 29.— The shipments of
fruit from Anderson, the fruit* center of
Northern California, for the past week
are the largest for the season. Twenty
five carloads of prime Bartlett pears were
shipped to Chicago and Eastern points
and twenty cars of peaches and prunes
have also been shipped East and to points
on the Pacific Coast. The shipment of
prunes will be larger this year than in
tho history of the district.
Anderson's Large Fruit Shipments.
The Building Trades Council replied in
like language. A large amount of build
ing Is now under way here and a strike
will cause loss and delay.
The resolutions of the alliance read:
"We do not court, nor do we fear, a
strike."
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 29.— Unless an
agreement can be reached between the
Building Trades Council and the employ
ers' association known as the Citizens'
Alliance work on nearly every building in
Santa Barbara will be suspended Tuesday
morning. Yesterday the carpenters em
ployed on two buildings, the plumbing
work on which was being done by a local
hardware firm recently declared "unfair,"
went on strike. To-day the Citizens' Al
liance Executive committee held a meet
ing and adopted resolutions which com
mit the alliance to a policy of resistance
of all demands of the unions.
This morning many plumbers went on
strike. This afternoon other firms connect
ed with the Master Plumbers' Associa
tion and affiliated with the alliance posted
notices stating that all plumbers in their
employ will be laid oft indefinitely. As all
the unions connected with the building
trades are known to be ready to stand in
with the plumbers, a general tie-up is be
lieved certajn. To-night it is reported
that the Central Labor body may enter
the contest by recommending" that mem
bers of every Union in the city cease work
if necessary in order to make a show of
union strength.
It has been conceded by members of
the alliance and local labor leaders that
the plumbers' fight will be made on the
basis of a test of relative strength of
employers and the unions, the Citizens*
Alliance supporting the cause of the for
mer. H'^-a: ' ,•;;_-;.;.,.
Unless Agreement Can Be Beached
v All Building Work Will Be Sus- \
pended on Tuesday.
CARPENTEES AiND PLTJMBEBS
STRIKE AT SANTA B ABB ABA
DECU2TCES TO MABBY
A JEELLIONAIBE LOVEB
Miss 3> Breton of San. Francisco
Breaks an Engagement
- in Paris.
PARIS, Aug. 29.— Miss A le Breton of
San Francisco has broken her engage
ment to marry William Ham, a million
aire, because she is unable to agree with
him on all marriage settlements. Miss le
Breton la th« daughter of a deceased
naval officer and has been living In Paris
¦with her mother for a year. She is beau
tlfuL Mr. Ham fell in love with her at
first sight and has been devoted to her
and showered her wrth presents. Mr.
Ham •was once before engaged to an
American girl, a Chicagoan, who died be
fore tho marriage date. . , ,
TThen a t^t" sits down to a. meal hs.vteg
aH his favorite dishes. It is tine for him
to get rn5p!cious that his wife is planning
a raid on his pockrthobk.
DISPATCHES PBOM WABSHIPS.
2Javy Department Advised ol the
Coaling cf the Squadron.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 22.— Tho Navy
Dep2rtmer.t has received a cable mes
sage from Commander Henry McCrea, in
of tlie gmnboat Machias, saying
that b« had nnisbea ccallng tho ship and
that it -would «aH at once from Genoa.
to Pert Said.
A raeasage also vu received to-day
from A&nlral Cotton, acmonnrtng tH» ar
rival of the Brooklyn and tho San Fran
cisco et Gerca, and snrlng that they
had begun eoaitag. " *
Acting Secretary DaillEff advised Sec
retary Hay tirat as soon as tho Brooklyn
.and the San Francisco ftnlsa taking on
coal, tney xrni .sail icr Beirut under pres
ent orders.
GENOA. Aug. a.— The United States
jninboat Haehias left here tr>-day Dound
for Beirut. She vas saftrttrfl l»y the Ital
ian ¦warships, -whose cieura -wished her
pood luck. Tbe Brooklyn and Ban Fran
clsto arrived to-dar ssA axe "being' fully
«qu!pped to leave icre Ezrr,{isy morning.
Sulphur Smoke Proves Fatal.
REDDING, Aug. 29.— EL D. McGinnla,
a laborer employed on the matt furnace
at the Keswlck smelters, died at the
company's hospital Saturday morning
from violent vomiting. Ha -was over
come by the strong gases and sulphur
smoke and seized by a violent coughing
and vomiting spelL He died in less than
an hour after having been conveyed to
the hospital
University of Heidelberg.
BERLIN, Aug. 29.-The University of
Heidelberg has been celebrating for sev
eral days the century of Its reopening.
The rectors of many other^Qerman, Aus
trian and Swiss universities have been
present. Professor Hugo Munsterburg
represents Harvard University. The
Grand Duke and Crown Prince of Baden
and Prince Max are attending, while the
many strangers include a large number
of Americans. On Thursday the Grand
Duke of Baden delivered an address,
pointing out that the professors of a
century ago awakened the patriotic senti
ments of the students, and their action
resulted In the creation of a national
spirit and the movement for. a united Ger
many. Professor Maroks yesterday de
livered the principal historical oration on
"The University in the Nineteenth Cen
tury/*
Professor Pickering of Harvard Univer
sity has been given the honorary degree
of doctor of science and mathematics in
connection with the celebration.
Berliner announced to-day that on Au
gust 19 his model lifted Itself from the
ground and in a perfectly steady flight
reached a height of eight feet. For a dis
tance of fifty feet it maintained Itself
at a uniform height of three and a half
feet from the ground. No 'catapult was
required to start the machine. The im
petus which a man could ' give it with
one hand was all that was necessary to
project it into space.
In Berliner's opinion a flying machine
should be of such structure ¦ that when
moving forward horizontally it will pro
duce a current of compressed air, with a
tail surface for lifting the machine, and
with a light motor moving the entire ma
chine rapidly forward. Along these lines
he has built a model which even .in its
crude state lifts in flying a weight equal
to one pound for every square foot of
horizontal area and moves at a speed
estimated at little less than twenty miles
an hour. This model is of aluminum and
tin with metal tubing and supports and
weighs about thirty pounds, including
ballast.
So far all of Berliner's experiments have
been with small models, in which, a
stream of compressed air or gas is used
for driving the aeroplane forward. . The
principles he has. utilized have been for
mulated through a study of the flight
of birds. • •
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— While Pro-,
fessor Langley. and his army "of assist
ants aro laboring to make the "Buzzard"
fly cm the lower Potomac, another Wash
ington Inventor has constructed and put
to test a model of a flying machine which,
he says, actually flies.
Eroile Berliner, who distinguished him
self years ago as the inventor of the
telephone transmitter and the grapho
phone, is the man. Berliner's machine
is much -after the plan devised by Pro
fesBor Langley. It is not one of the San
tos-Dumont type, with a balloon attach
ment to hold it in suspension, but. one
which depends entirely upon a bird-like
motion of machinery to hold It in : the
air. Tho aeroplane is utilized by Ber
liner, who experimented with this kite
like apparatus so long as thinty years
ago.
Bp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
Langley'e Eival Also Uses the Aero
plane Type, With the Same
Birdlike Motion of
-Machinery.
Famous Washington Inventor
Is Confident of Final
Results.
The ordinary methods of printing pho
tographs are more or less expensive, the
main reason being l>ecause they are based
on the supposition* that light must pass
through the negative before the required
chemical changes can take place in the
sensitlzefl paper.
Professor Ostwald produces the same
result by means of so-called catalytic re
action. This is apparently due to the
presence of substances known as cata
lysers, but these substances merely In
crease the speed with which reaction
takes place. For example, hydrogen and
oxygen can exist together and apparently
do not react on each other at all under
ordinary conditions, but as soon as cer
tain substances, for instance, fjne plat
inum or finely divided silver, comes In
contact with the mixture chemical union
will take place, which may go on so fast
that the -whole mass will explode. In this
case platinum or silver has acted as cat
alyser. Simply by Its presence it . pro
motes chemical reaction. Professor Ost
wald makes use of this principle by treat
ing an ordinary silver negative with a
solution of hydrogen peroxide.
NEW TOltK, Aug. 29.— Scientists are
much interested in two important discov
eries made by Professor" "Wilhelm Ostwald,
the German chemist. One of these relates
to photography and Its crowning merit
He3 in the fact that by means of the new
process Professor Oatwald is able to
print pictures from negatives without any
lisht, and the other relates to a new
method of producing: nitric acid from am
monla. Professor Ostwald is now in this
country, having recently delivered the ad
dress at the dedication of a new physio
logical laboratory at the University of
California. ;.
Special Dlsj!»tch. to The Call.
Berliner Says That Test
of His Model Was
Satisfactory.
German Chemist Makes Use
of Catalytic Re
action.
Scientists -interested in
Prof. Ostwald's
Discovery.
OEVELOPS PLATES
WITHOUT LIGHT
CLAIMS HIS
AIRSHIP IS
SUCCESSFUL
THE : SA-N; F^AK CISCO CALI,; SUNDAY,, AUGUST 30 v 1903.
26
ADVEBTISEMENT^
PARIS LINGERIE-SETS AND INDIVIDUAL GARMENTS.""
BED SPREADS, SHEETS and PILLOW CASES
For Homes, Hotels and Apartments.
AN OPPORTUNITY TO BUY THE BEST VERY CHEAP.
| Table Damask bj tbs Yard BUREAU SCARFS !
Ol Heavy Austrian and Belgium Plain Linen Hemstitched Scarfs 2
£ made .silver bleached, pure hncn, l8x27 _,8x36 and i8x 4 5^at 35c, m
O choice patterns, 3 widths; 67 .^ ' r*? K 3>
OO in. wide; %-alae $lco yd.. 75c yd 4 " c a°d " 5c ****• 5
W 70 in. wide; value $i.oo yd.; D i ¦tiyrro r-
Q ..'_ 75c yd DLANMIIO i-
>- 72 in. wide; ralne $ijs yd; Sale of Calif orn i a All-Wool m
5 5 White Blankets. Z
S Bleached Damask Table Cloths i*». pairs-very s P edai ; w
723C-— value $Z5O, for *•*•«> pair. . #AA . =
zb cn'h. • 200 pairs — 3-4 size, at 9*4.OO m
0 72x50— ralne $3-OCv for ?2.5O pair. HJ
6 each. 100 pairs — extra large — heavy
$ NAPKINS blankets, at $6.00 pair. O
** sire— Value lor nnucnDTCDO -H
=5 COMFORTERS
K <Jo f 5n - valTlc?2 - 35 ' for$2 - 00 Silkoline Comforters - extra g"
O Pare linen— InH bleached. size^ pure white sterilized cotton— 30
« WHITE BED SPREADS Xat^^^ h
£ Crochet Bed Sored. -MI f*"* " c ,, ,. S
|_ size— $1-OO and $1.25; extra Extra hea%-y— lull size Silkoline o
CC special. Comforters, at §1.33 each; res-
I g^S£^:i$P?2? *?*».*!?¦;: > 1
I MtK ' TOWELS' mUm 3
UU . o \ £¦ j t> 400 pairs— Attractive Arabian CO
X 150'doz. — iSx35— Hemmed Bro- * ~ . «« «r» •
caded Htjck Una Towels; rcg- » « Curtains, at ?-.0p pair; reg-
ular] v 25c. at 15c each. ; ularly $2.75 pair.
Separate . Tmu n n ri,,, Separate
T>cpzjtmttl .« { . '• c *^* Department
to Devoted to
Hotel m*jt?j&l& JUTTta s^f Hotel. .
AGENTS CELEBRATED "THEO" CORSETS-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TAILOR MADE 1
1 New Fall Styles I
1 Regular $20.00 Value '; I
§ Long Coat d^^kt\f\ I
| Reaching to the |] W J§O\J k
| Assorted Cojors EsiLai^^i^ |
I SEE OUR WINDOWS \
I; MARKET ST. |
g r . Bet. Mason and Taylor Streets. g
¦ -, . ; , x : - - ADVEBTISEMENTS. __ J .
Quickly and effectively in all cases of Nervous Headache, Sick Headache,
;SNSsSSN^ Lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability, Periodic, Bearing-Down
and Ovarian Pains. J
S^S>oSv r.H*?f%S£ d i not — set aIon ? without Dr. MHes' Antl-Paln Pills. They give me almtwt Instant
OOOOOOCO I*"i >*$LV?l *L™ ost ai J3 r P* 411 - l p™ them to all of tho children, even the baby, and tto fe«l no
& »" effects afterwards, as one does from most remedies."—
•^sNXVVCs • ims. IRA ALLEN. 203 Indlann Are.. Rlversld?. C&hx.
n'7™ y f a ™ Bgo * had a 8evere attack of La Grippe, and was under the doctor's care tor
VVv'CvVvV V.7 * *" T rItho " t any relle *- Then I bought a box of Dr. Miles* AnU-Paln Pills, and five PlUs
vVVsSovVV ™ r 'J m 1*. A short time ago I had another attack, but thanks to the Pain Pills. I was soon
sNN^NNV cured, taking: only three of the plUs."— JOHN N. PURTTEMAN. Glendale. Ore,
„ #<I have used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pljb for a number of years, and find that they promptly
OOvXVOW 1 relieve ordinary and neuralgtac headache. They give similar relief to my wife." —
' \ X) ' B * B^- 1 " 21 *' a Angeles, Calif.
¦ 1 "Once, and often twice a weelc for years I hare had spells of dull, heavy pains' across the
>>OvOo>OV forehead, accompanied with pains In the heart, arm and shoulders. I find Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain
Vo^OOCVo Plus very beneficial, one tablet usually being sufficient to stop the pain." —
VC^§CV^ MRS. LEONA ELDER. Whcatland. Calif. .,•
'"I have freauently used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for Neuralgia, and they give speedy
V>>>OVOO> relief. Also In traveling, am never without them, using them to prevent drowsiness ana
headache; " — B. L. SANFORD, Mgr. Ktna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs, Calif. ¦ c
\SSS$SS&> fcT . MRS. M. 8. TOBET, who was 11 years postmistress at Carpenteria. Calif., says: "1 suttaretf
a lone time from nervuos headaches, and very severe pain In tho bark of my neck. Dr. ilnes*
j(rs>oooCVv s OCv > V^ Anti-Pain Pills brought relief, for which 1 an very gratefuL I am pleased to recommend them
g^j^BJtibsMkanaMnBJMi to others."
' §N$v$Sx^ Neuralgia, Rheumatism,; Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe, Pain in Sto°tnach,
\\nnnnnV Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and Sleeplessness.
"V\NS^>^X "I have used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for Neuralgia and Nervous Headache and always
XVOOCVXN received prompt relief. The headaches occurred at Intervals, usually In the morning, and br
VOQVOOOV taking a Pain Pill when first symptom appeared, always prevented the attacks^ My husband
- has Ao used them for headachc.and says hrc^^^i^gi^^V^fflc^. Idaho. ¦-
Sn>S^NN^ "I am very grateful that I have found such a perfect remedy for headache. I had a sun-
stroke while In the army, and ever since fcnve. suffered greatly from headache and biliousness.
The only thing that ever gave me any relief was Dr. M113' Antl-Paln Pills, which I hav used .
JggWS\ with satisfactory results for a number of^1"^^^ „ CaUlna Ave Pasadeaa> c^
wvvvxw -I have been for years with headache and dull pains. I came across some of Dr.
SOvVVCVVv ' Miles' AnU-Paln Pills, and tried them, and they gave me relief at once. I have found them to
XsSSSSSN be Just the thing, and recommend them bJtehJxJl— J. JsilANK STERNS. Eugene. Ore.
VV\\VVVN ''1 was long subject to saells of severe pain through the eyes and across my forehead—'
OyVsNVsV caused by indigestion. The attacks often continued two days, during which time I was unable
wOvvOOv to do anything. Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills relieved -the pain, and I afterwards prevented the
VOOOOOVV attacks by taking ono -Pill when I found the pains coming on. I have used them for a long Hti»
NNXNSSXS and they never failed te relieve me. 4 '— W. R. HOYT, Hillaboro. Ore.
j^r!>o^^$§vV Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents a box, under a '
ffi^V^^^ positive guarantee that the first box will benefit or money refunded.
iHBfL I ARE YOU A 1 \\
W&y HIDDLEB? L_ \\l
V»» Jgij'-'frZDA**? %T mmmmmm A mJ 3 Miil^ SLmJII flmS £?%. • K"""fniil' ,\ - \ \ I
Join in the greatest contest \ I
$1000 IN GOLD I
wdl^^^m rra^ °^ 3^* 11 * prizes ranging in II I
W -&Kgk amounts from $100 to 5250 for II J
ll§^&3/]i ** c cs^ riddles, on II I
tM&frM GfflRARPELLrS GROUND CHOCOLATE II I
v^W^rm Opcn lo vm for everyone II I
W'l<0^(w& en^ a^ oncc or °' con^ csl Jl I
§K)>5l7^^1 Mailed free anywhere if J
F^^^S Address F - J ' C00PE & Wr\
F(f<olwl Advertising Manager. IT®
|j|^j5p/| - 36 Geary Street, San Francisco fib
Mf^^y^i AN HOUR'S FUN MAY BDING YOU $100 j ,
C J j&*& *^*#^^ ou tovc chances to vin a cash prize Send for rules. V*"*^PARIS. Aug. 25.— A dispatch received
by the Foreign Office from Morocco Bays
that a large imperial force which was go
ing to the relief of the troops commanded
by the Sultan had been surprised and al
iBC^t annihilated by insurgents.
The Temps publishes details of the en
casement in Morocco showing that the
imperial troops numbered 3000 men. They
were ambushed with the result that more
than 1003 of them, including seven native
Governors, were killed or wounded.
Mere Than, a Thousand of the Force
Are Slain by Insur
gents.
SUXTAIT OF MOROCCO'S
TROOPS ARE AMBUSHED
PARIS, Aug. 23.— Frederick Humbert
and Emlle and Romaine d'Aurignac, who
were sentenced, respectively, to five years',
two years' and three years' imprisonment,
tvere removed to-day to the prison of
Frcsnes. Mme. Humbert, who was also
sentenced to five years' imprisonment, re
mains at the Conciergerfe^rison. All the
condemned members of the Humbert fam
ily are undergoing the regimen of con
victs, but the penal vork of M. and Mrac.
Humberc will not begin until a decision
has been rendered in their appeal against
their sentences.
Members of the Family Are Already
Undergoing the Eegimen
cf Convicts. .
CONDEMNED HUMBERTS
GO TO FBESNES PRISON
Kill the Reform Movement
Causes Collapse.
PEKING. Aug. 29.— The collapse of the
Chinese imperial university, which has
I* en anticipated in previous dispatches
to The. Call and has long been expected,
has apparently been precipitated by the
policy of the Dowager Empress to kill
the reform movement. This was exem
plified on the second opening of the in
stitution a week ago. when only fifty
pupils appeared. The university has now
been closed on account of the demoraliza
tion of the students, who are leaving for
their homes, and also because Viceroy
Chang Chlh Tung, who was recently ap
pointed to reconstruct the Institution, has
Introduced mere Etudy of Chinese classics
instead of foreign learning and is making
the old style scholarship the chief Quali
fication for office.
Policy of the Do-nrager Eaipress to
..Jl-IFEBIAI. UNIVERSITY
AT PEKING IS CLOSED
BERLIN. Aug. 29.— Herr Bebel, the So
cialist leader, called the "uncrowned
king"' by the Social-Democrats, was hiss
ed c.t the Socialist-Democratic convention
held in Berlin tbis "neck during a contro
versy- over the Reichstag vice presidency
question. This Indicates the Intensity of
the factional struggle which is going on
In the pany during the period of Its
jrca-test triumph and which will be fougnt
out In the party's national convention at
Dresden in September. It Is a renewal
cf the Eebcl-Bernstein dispute of 19CL
Herrcn Bebcl end Singer and the old
time party chiefs which follow doctrinaire
alms are rigid in their determination not
to depart from the ideas on which the
party has grown powerful, while Herr
Dtrnsicln, who Is an oportunist and mod
prate, favors a division of the Social pro
gramme, especially so that the party,
rcccs^iring the existing conditions, may
combine with and utili2e the political
elements so as to secure a partial real
ization cf Its aims. j . :.¦¦"
Herr Bernstein has announced that it
tvould be a good party stroke to demand
the office of first vice- president of the
Reichstag, instead of aceptlng a lower
lice presidency, the Socilaists being the
next most numerous body to the Center
party.
Herren Bebel and Singer, however, said
no. since the vice presidency of the
Reichstag would Involve a compromise
with the monarchy and It would be nec
tssary for a Socalist holding office to vote
:n th« sovereign and congratulate him on
the new year and other occasions — "to
rrawl on his stomach before the repre
sentative cf unjust institutions." They
added that the vice presidency would also
Involve compromises with other parties-,
rr.tail responsibilities outside the Social
ist sphere and limit the weapons and re
sources cf the opposition.
Hcrr Bernstein is Joined in his stand
by the aristocrat Von Voltmar and the
B.ble writer Davif, who affirm it is time
the party grasped seme of the agencies
Df government and prepared for the day
'.t will take over the whole cf them, add
ing that responsibilities should be fought
tor. not evaded. They declare that a So
ria'ist in the presence of the sovereign
cet.d or.'.y act as a gentleman without
modifying his opinions.
Behind the vice presidency question are
;»o tendencies, to be either a great lib
eral pany, postponing Insistence on its
iheorttical views of government until
renditions ripen, or standing steadfastly
by Socialist principle* without yielding
a little to conventional practices and co'm-
Dremises. Herren Bebel, Bernstein, Sins
sr and Von Voltmar afSrm that they wiil
sirive to preserve party unity and say
that the glee cf the Ministerial Conserv-
Rtives and members of the Center party
ever the divisions of the Socialists are un
timely ar.d exaggerated.
Eernstein Favors Acceptance
of Reichstag Vice
Presidency.
Socialist Leader Hissed
at Convention in
Berlin.
BEBEL OPPOSED
TO COMPROMISE
ager after the coup d'etat depriving the
Emperor of power.
PEKING, Aug. 29.— The Chinese reform
er Shen Chien. like the Filipino patriot
Rizal, cent his farewell message to the
world in the form of verses written in
prison on the eve of his execution. The
spirit of the two valedictories is much
the same. Chinese poetry is difficult to
translate accurately, but the following
is a clear rendition of the young journal
ist's verses into English:
Loaded with clanking chains I am taken
from prison. ¦ ' .
By the Chen Chlh rate I shall lay down my
lire. :-¦ ¦..-¦•-• ',.-„¦- .¦.-¦¦.....:
On the execution ground there my old friends
have shed their blood.' .
• Five loyal and six learned, all Hukwang men
of " fame. . ¦ •¦¦.. ¦
Japan and Russia are struggling; lor posses
sion of Manchuria. - •'¦",
; Henceforth ' the cradle of the race is ¦ lost to
China. .-_'- ¦¦'¦¦, .
Partition comes apace — I cannot bear to
think of it. puyiffluiai otiii
-You rulers of the country, have you never
BIDS FAREWELL
IN VERSE FORM
seen the plans of division?
Let- all the public papers over the wldt
world, because of my buried wrongs, publish
the story of my death.
Fdr making public two harmless clauses of
a secret treaty Chin g Kuan and Chung- Lang
have worked me this woe.
The thirty-one years of my life now past,
though 1 have conquered some name, are now
ail of no avail.
Henceforth, come prosperity or disaster, I
shall heed it net.
My spirit will find happiness chanting in
heaven. . - « ..
Shen'Chien had been particularly bold
in denouncing the apathy of the Govern
ment toward the Russian absorption of
Manchuria. A short time before hia ar
rest he published two clauses of what pur
ported to be a secret treaty by which
China conceded Newchwang to the control
of Russia: ' Being. barred from communi*
cation with the outside world in ] prison,
he died with the belief, as the veraea
show, that he had been betrayed by two
officials. Chlng Kuan and Chung Lang,
the latter, a friend with "whom he had
quarreled , because he had revealed^the
treaty. . : , ¦'¦¦*%
The Chen Chlh gate is the gate through
which criminals are led from the board
of punishments to the execution ground. |
"Five loyal and six learned, all Huk
wang men of fame."; were the : reformers
from Kunan and Kwangtung who • were
beheaded in 1898 byiordcr of the Dow-
The number of opium smokers in the
United States Is estimated at 1.000,000.
A gratifying announcement is made by the
North Shore Railroad Company to the effect
that commencing with the middle of - Septem
ber there will be run each way seventeen
suburban trains dally. Including Sundays and
holidays. This is three boats and trains more
than -the . present weekday schedule and the
time of arrival and departure from San Fran
cisco will be as follows:
Leave San Francisco — 6:45, 7:30. 8:15. 9 10.
11 a. m., 12:20. 1:40. 3. 4;15, 5:15, 6:45, «:25.
7:15, 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m. -
Arrive San Frar -— (I..T0. 7:10. 7:50, 8:30.
9:20." 10:45 a. m.. 32:05. 1:25, 2:45, 4:05, 4:45.'
5:20. 0:20. 0:50. 7:55, 9:50. 11:25 p. m. •«
Change of Time.
ROME, Aug. a.— The negotiations re
earrdlng the Vatican's 'participation In the
St. Louis exposition, interrupted by the
illness and death of Pope Leo XIII, have
been resumed. Although the personal
opinion of Pope Pius on the subject is
not known, the Vatican officials think
It will be favorable to the project of hav
ing the Holy See represented, if officially
Invited by the United States Government
by means of an Invitation similar to those
sent to the European powers. Before
Pope Leo died the wish was expressed
to have the Pope's jubilee presents 'ex-
Pope Leo's Jubilee Gifts
May Be Sent to St.
Louis.
VATICAN ASKED
TO SEND EXHIBIT
King Edward himself is said to have
proposed sending his mother's presents,
but Pope loco's health being at that time
precarious the Vatican authorities feared
that if he died while the Jubilee gifts
were away it might create an awkward
situation. Now the questions arise wheth
er with the death of Pope Leo those
presents have not lost their interest and
whether something else would not be bet
ter. Many suggestions on the subject are
made, and it is remarked that the Vatican
library alone has precious works, unique
In the world, besides documents of spe
cial interest to the United States as being
connected with Its history.
hihlted at the exposition, like those of the
late Queen Victoria, and It was proposed
to Bend the same ship for both exhibits.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
27
PRAGEBS I PRAGERS | PRAGERS | PRAGERS , 1 * PRAGERS - \ PRAGERS
Bv I This is a time for rejoicing. It is the anniversary of this big store—just twelve I Jk 4 I 1
\ months ago we made our bow to San Francisco shoppers. bIlJS ) 9
We have tried t0 P lease the P e °P le always and give them only what we thought they §£!j|| 4$&Jl!&*d%r^&4^i$* 1
8^2^! I W^E *^1 wanted. That we have done this is readily shown by the enormous increase of sales. S^M 1IL SlL^!i[ 1L 1L I
f^r We have never misrepresented things and have made our motto "Always Reliable" a. \$£^r t^ 1
AtWAYsM^IJABLE by- word in thousands of homes. We have treated every one fairly. We In'.roduced || ACWAVs RELIABLE 1
0 *^ 15 that very popular feature— Green Trading Stamps— only after thoroughly investigating H> 1 238 -J 250 MARKET STJ«**»«* 1
J§ — — '¦ — tt the reliability of the Stamp Company and with a full knowledge of their merit. There . |
was no change in the superior quality of the goods nor in the low prices. The great bargain specials of the Anniversary Jubilee Sale begin to-morrow and will be continued |
during the entire month of September. ' . *• ..- '"'''"" 1
Anniversary Sale in Cloak and Suit Great Jubilee Rally of Hundreds of Opening Day To-moirow--Exquisite 9
Section of New Fall Garments, Fine Things in Fancy Goods. Creations of the Latest Millinery- I
results obtained by our shrewd Eastern buyers makes splendid bar- — — w.w'»Wt t • • — . ,. . . r|
I gains possible for every woman who wishes a new fall suit. The new B /ITH the goods we have secured to make bargain specials for this \ A/ E have been P lam H n S m * arranging for this great opening ot w
A styles are ell here and never before have they been so varied and so VV great anniversary jubilee sale we are confident that the crowds will VV our enlarged millinery department for many months. We J
beautiful. We have something to suit* you— we are sure of that. — and all * T be even greater than or dinarfly. Hardly a day passes that some have tried to make it one of the leading features of Frager s, «
we ask is an opportunity to show it. to you. flattering compliment, is not. made about, the excellent, quality of the goods and we want to urgently invite you to come and see the array of hats p|
COATS an< * e extremely low prices that, prevail in this department.. as early as possible before they are scattered and the chance to see -|
°«- v »»"5 ) o2-°. m 7n kerscv box coats- double caoe with satin trimmine piqu Sf ffs a " d T st . rin S s - A^° silk and velvet collars. . t No article of woman's attire demands such absolute subservience to g
C n J™7£\ «t1n Hned throughout trimming. 1Oc each _ Lin cn lawn top collars, silk embroidered; blue, white, red fashion's dictates as the hat. Nowhere else is the "artist's touch" (or its H
VjUttl till itCU llllCU IHiUUgUUUl* atiHHla/*l^ yo 1 ii f*A « f -Of\t* 1 1 \ " ' " 1^
PSSSp SSgS^^^ai^ts trimmed MMiM&B croats - loclcs I " ade of Madr "' Oxtord: plain and '1 ?? :^-' d V^,J51£dgffiJ£ WMh % §
- tancj. vajuca at 75c. C1 ty — m giving our new headgear that individuality ox style that is H
•*^ s<-^^ TAILORED SUITS. 10c each— Stock wash collars with tabs and trimmed with buttons and rarely found outside of the fashion centers. Every shape that has re.- y
iil&if^ $14.95— All wool cheviot suits, 36-inch tight fit- self-colored edging. Made of tucked lawn and faggoting. Special. ceived the stamp of this season's approval is here. Hundreds of beau- S
Wr? ing jacket. All satin lined. Seven-gore flare skirt; 3oc— Linen lawn wash stock collars with top collars and bishop tabs. ties— imported patterns," copies of high-cost models and a host of others \\
W^J perfect tailoring. > Silk embroidered cherries, strawberries, acorns and wheat, in white, blue, ' — not less beautiful but less expensive — have originated in our large U
/*& ¦ Q J?10.75— Fine zibeline walking suit. 30-inch cor- pink, red and black. Worth 50c. workrooms. £J
/ \V^'- r r set coat stitched seams, satin lined. Seven-gore flare 1<3c each — A " our wash to P collars and stocks; plain and fancy, trim- Our fair millinery has two charms n«HI " ""*%! v\
I £•.¦'¦•'. \f* skirt. Black only. . med with lace and embroidery. All shapes and coloring?. Worth up to 85c. _j t5 enviable becomingness and its i!
X \l* k'i ¥ / $25.00 — Cheviot dress suit; 38-inch skirt jacket RIBBONS extreme modest price. Every II
I 3 s "! military cape and buttons, belt back,' pleated -1 -:,. „ vnr .i Jnnn ..,'], „.- f t • i. p . f nnn i:»,. „{ a ii ciu- rihhnn in TItpc P' a >'- ~ m ** S^$E&3^5£iG3r? \\
J- L |fv£and P :atin lined throughout. Flare skirt, den «' f£iS£%?J$ 1 *"! *£; W^ -T l
! jfiV, 'W.TS-Made o f neat checked suiting; blouse and libertv taffeta ribbon ' - crown - Finished with * a fanc y ed B e 3
. , I with lon R skirt effect. Plain cloth trimmed with >^ a & m «i n / b e^d cream"* mU? a' oft° and ? f "fe »tami« eenfn^t S »^^^ ' H
; , ; M white piped edge Seven-gore Hare trimmed skirt. dai ncck a::d sash ribbon A ' u , - large b lack plume sweepinte to one side. JB|^^^>x ! |
viV WALKING SKTRTS. 59c a yard---inch double fac! black satin ribbon, the best quality Jd^^^Tblacl? maline Sds W^^^^ U
\. \\ J?5.05_Stylish walking skirts of mixed suitings made. Used extensively for belts and sashes. W /""* «^^ U
>z/P in gray and brown. \ r oke effect, trimmed with Remnants of satin, taffeta, liberty satin and fancy Dresden ribbons; U"fj "J C J? ,J"/" t - J _ c^ ' £, ; ° u "^ °JJ V ? V^| U
5=-=aRri — JLST straps and buttons. all pure silk and of the best quality. At just one-half the regular price. fiU3L£ £ thf Lt P Th?J £? vorv r ~*~ U
-^^,_,__..,.. it # * 1 • « r t « ¦ (f ' compicic inc iidi. xncsc arc vcr j * tt 1
$0.0.*— Swell walking skirts in neat dark mixtures; three wide folds . HANDKERCHIEFS. > becoming shapes to almost any one. "* *j
over hips, finished m front with button^ 10c each-=soo dozen women's fancy handkerchiefs, of fine linen *ll.OO— Handsome blue plush poke with shirring of blue silk W
NEW SLK WAISTS. .... . ,, 'i lawn with lace and insertion, scalloped, ' hemstitched and fancy cm- and ribbon to match. Trimmed with a dainty spray of blue velvet ri
.?4.9o— Made of heavy peau de cyne m colors and black; tucked and broidercd edges. All the latest styles and patterns. 20c values. flowers. This makes a swell evening hat. v . ; -J H
hemstitched front, back and sleeves. Full sleeve. Lined body. . .,- < , nrh _T nd K linen handkerchiefs with scalioned lac-*, and Jn^r $1O.OO— Turbans made of black chiffon with fancy drape ot jet |l
jj?5.y.-;_Peau de cyne silk waists, tucked and hemstitched front with ... ~ J* "fca A 11a er S b ro?direS 9 cd^s Retrula? /-r vah,/s *nd jet trimmings. A most becoming hat. Ii
two box pleats. Tucked back and sleeves. Colored and black. £ We eich Pure sheS 1^^ of shirred velvet in three shades of light pink I
SG.f)5-Swell silk waists of peau de cyne, solid tucked body, tcn rows °°S A eood seller at 8"c shading into a shade of red. Trimmed with a beautiful spray of |
Silk straps and f f^^^S^S^^^MM'^^M. rim Gainsborough shape of sage green velvet trim- I
j jet drops. Large full hemstitched sleeves. fancy borders, vv ortn o oc eacn. med very prettily with maline to match. |
Most? Extraordinary Showing Ever Made of Silks The Greatest* Sale of Table Linens Ever Conducted I
© and Dress Goods. ii\ This City. I
Highest* Quality of Goods at Marvelously Low Prices. Napkins and Cloths of All Kinds at Immense Saving. |
NEVER has the San Francisco shopping public been given such a grand opportunity for special bar- ! TV/F ONTHS ago we began planning and buying for this great linen sale. Thousands of dollars have £3
gains on new fall goods. Our stock is the result of months of careful buying, and we can without . lVJL^ '-been spent to secure a stock, the like of which has never been seen under the roof of any retail H
any hesitancy say that we have the best assortment. of dress goods and silks to be had anywhere establishment west of Chicago. And this magnificent stock will be marked with prices that will M
on the Pacific Coast. - be surprisingly low when the excellent quality of materials is considered. f j
DRESS GOODS— Black. 91.25 a yard— 50-inch Scotch Mixtures. TABLE LINENS. ' NAPKINS. [I
Zibeline «1. 00 a yard JJ.25 a yard— 44-|nch Eolienne. , 35c a yard— Sno^-white satin table damask of a dozen— Heavy damask napkins, nicely M
?i-inch 7ibeline' *l.*-:.-> a vard' S!"»2 a > rjird — £0-mch Wire Cord Etamine. a good heavy quality; neat patterns of floral ef- hemmed. All white. Just the thing for fruit. fj
« inch Zibeline «1 5O a vard M-io a yard— 48-inch Corded Cream Suiting. fects and pretty conventional designs. The same 95c a dozen— Heavy damask napkins with pret- |
Zibeline' «li.OO a vard' ?-—5 a yard— 50-inch Tufted Cream Suiting. grade that you always pay 50c for. t y floral designs. Regular $1.25 grade. H
44-inch Crepe de Chine, *Ls6 a yzrS, SILKS- Peaude Soie. 4 . oC , a > fard .~ Hcavv . bleached Irish damask; 91.19 a dozen-Pure all-linen damask napkins; fi
l?-inch Creoe de Chine «^.OO a vard /-«-- • , ™ , t, . made for service as well as for looks, bold regu- £e n s regular at $1.50. U
US |f *l?£fU 0 iSe=^ncn ilSifllS Zt IMl Ifvll German linen, extra heavy; 5oLL ENDS^OF TABLE UNXNS. I
ts-inch Etamine a T»Clc "vard W- .' 21'VJ!~ 24 'i P . C L l 5 lack S cau dc Soie; $I35 valuc ' fuI1 7 ° inches wide ' Tcn diffcrcnt Patterns. Worth 500 ends and sho rt lengths bought from the mill Q
42-nch Etarr ne S3c a vard gJ.lO—27-n:*:h Back Pean de Soie; $1.25 value. 85c a yard. _ at a discount. Included lcn o .as from VA yards to fl
Vi rrh EnNlOoV^rH £ *?l.f •-»— 27-mch Black. Peau dc Soie; $1.50 value. 75c a yard— Satin damask. German and Irish 3 yards and different qualities. Some iJ4 yard it
'' --inch French B-oaddoth |i.5O a yard v l->«— 30-inch Black Peau de Soie; $1.85 value. make, heavy soft finish free from dressing. New- lengths at 53c. 2 yards lengths at 60c. 2 tf H
L r~i~-~j cnt. ' 'designs. Sold everyAvhcre at $1.00. yards long at 88c. 3 yards long at f 1.04. v|
Colored. . 7 -A Colored Silks. S5c a yar d— Exclusive designs of Scotch and * * Tftiuii int« I
50c a yard— 38-inch Suiting;. Scotch and , 25c. a yard— 20-inch Japanese Silk. German linen, full two yards wide. There is noth- TOWEL4NCS. . |
IZibelinej - 50c a yard — 27-jncli Japanese Silk. ing made to outwear this. Regular $1.10 and $1.15 8 l-3c a yard — Glass toweling in red or blue M
«Oc a yard— 38-inch Dotk d Alpaca. OSc a yard— 24-incl* Crepe de Chine; extra values. ' TOWELS. checks; all sizes and x finished double selvage. A H
S5c a yard— 44-inch Crepe de Chine. quality. 8 l-3c each— Huck towels, nicely hemmed, fine, soft, absorbent quality. P
. S5c a yard— 50-inch Covert Suiting. Soc a yard— 20-injh Peau dc Soie. Better ones 10c, i2V$c and 15c. lOc, 12#c and 15c a yard — Heavy Barnesley £j
•^l.OO a yard— 50-inch Mixed Suiting; $1.25 values. JjSl.OO a yard— 20-inch Novelty Shirt Waist Silks. 25c — Regular 35c towels. Five styles. crash for rollers. Fine qualities. Regular iaj'jc, |3
$1.25 z yard — 48-inch Knotted Etamine. Jfl.OO a yard — 27-inch Peau de Crepe; very clingy. ' 25c— Bath towels. Extra large. 15c and 10c values. fi
Double Attraction in Women's and U^JSi*"*^^ and BoysVClothing Freshlj
Children's Undergarments. fr o«» Eastern Manufacturers. |
t a special stock f Qr .his «™. a nnivcr S?r y jubUee s,ic h M teen '""o^^a^-^eciiitn^o?^ S^ii § bands, in W „ Low.PHcei for Anwvenary Celebration. I
/-\ bought and is now ready for your inspection. all colors, mixed and plain effects l A to iJ4 inch wide. T^ HE pleasing prices we have been able to mark on all our garments H
* ' " KNIT UNDERWEAR. 2,"5c to Jf2.75 a yard* A full fine of black' spangled bands, itf to 5 1 have made these two departments very popular with thoughtful g
«8c— Merrei^ed lisle vests; lace yoke and shoulder straps. Black inches wide. " buyers. For this great anniversary jubilee sale we have arranged |
and white. Regular 65c and 75c quality. Special. ipi.00 to 92JS0 a yard— Black spangled medallions. a series of specials that will be most attractive. |j
— Fleece lined vests and drawers. High necks and long sleeve. 1 Oc to -•"»«* a yard — Narrow serpentine and fancy spangled trimmings. MEN'S SUITS. J
I French band pantj^ ankle length. All size?; ecru color. Worth 50c. 7."»e to a yard — New effects in black and white hand-made Cluny §8.O5 — All-wool navy blue cheviot double-breasted sack suit; Italian H
j —5c — Special?' Children's fleece lined union suits. All sizes. Regular fiber bands; 2*4 to 6 l / 2 inches wide. linings, hair cloth fronts. Perfect fitting. Regular $12.00 values. £|
35c and 50c garments. , Also allover hand-made fiber to match at $10.00 a yard. 18 inches wide. $11.00— Made of Globe Mill worsteds in all the latest colorings,
Soc — Women's silk vests, hand crochet lace yoke and shoulder straps T^ m^ mmmmm^ mmmmmm mmmmmm ¦"¦^- 1 —^^— — ¦« «¦^ — — — ¦— — J overplaids, checks and stripes. All pure worsted goods. The best of lin- p
) in pink, blUL and Cream. Regular $I.OO Value. ingS and trimmings. Cut in the latCSt StylcS. Not a SUlt in the lot WOrth B
75c Women's skirtsTTac^f W Tr^frav red^cr.am Ink W, I Great, Anniversary Shoe^Specials. leM iSS-ISSuck Thibet double-breasted coat; also the new College jjJ
trimmi^Tontrarv colons and fin^ \I /^intend to make the sales here during the next few. weeks coat; serge lined, hand-tailored throughout. A swell suit for fall and win- |
ular $1.00 Value. MUSLIN -Chemise. VV enormous. % ter wear. BOYS' SUITS. |
35c— Made of muslin: neck and arm holes trimmed with India linon , . . . t 3^ 5O ~t?"i he , UIt^r shoe; P^ tC^ l*v?L Snf^rfifnftM^ $5.OO— Youths' lon K pants suit-; coats single breasted. The collar. 0
hemstitched ruffles J A gocM value £ ,,,.,,, S t ?} e *? d hl^ French heels. Women who desire stylish footwear should see shouldc fa d and fro J ts P reccicvd raost particular attention when makinff U
r 75c— Made of heavy J muslin with fancy V-shaped yoke of tucks and tnis sIl0e - * lt l0T a queen, v: them Ages 12 to 10 years W
i embroidery insertio: Ncck and arm holes trimmed with narrow embroid- .: 93.50— The proper shoe for fall artd winter Heavy 'enamel calf, matt §7.5O_Youths' suits in pure wool cheviots, tweeds and fancy cassi- 1
cry edge. r s . <? lf to P. B ucher cut, heavy welt sole rope stitch and military heel. This m c(jats gin , e and doub , e brea$te(L Extreme care was used in the cut- 0
P *-•-,. r a D Ti wers -. s oe *^ a -A w °" t°t cs a u d zrc u C a^° a ? } tin ting of these garments; ages 12 to 19 years. Should sell for $10.00. H
I 25c_Of muslm. with ruffle of hemstitched cambric, full size. An ex- *.J..">O-Women s Ultra shoes; hand-turned soles, military heels, kid $9.00-Youths f navy blue serge suits, single and double breasted I
tra value >* ; # • foxed patent leather tips and matt tops _ coats. Ages 12 to 19 years. Our good clothing for boys is nothing more !|
50c_0f cambric or muslin; embroidery or lace trimmed. Six different ' .93.00— Women s patent colt skin shoes; matt tops, hand-turned soles, or , ess than the best stylcs for mcn Jn boys . a si2CS . SpcciaI for this wec k H
styles to select from. Exceptionally good values. French or military heels. No equal for the money. •¦ • . | on ly. Every garment is worth Sii.oo. I ¦
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦B
IRUPTUREI
I GUREP f
¦ Our cure is safe, painless and certain. We have CURED a
¦ hundreds." We will give you their names and addresses and §
§ you can see them. We CURE you before you pay us a cent j ¦
H Don't fail to see us about it. Consultation is free. Thousands a
m have" died from rupture whom we could have saved. Don't b
¦ delay. • n
S FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE ]
I : 1344 Market Street, San Francisco. ;. m
"¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦uBasBiHnuuiniBS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Try a bottle of the Bitters the
next time your stomach is disor-
dered or your liver inactive. You'll
be pleased with the result. It
positively cures Sour Stomach,
Sick Headache, Poor Appetite,
Constipr:ion f Dyspepsia and Indi-
gestion.NEW YORK. Aug. 29.-The foUowte*
Callfornlans are ln. New York: From
San Francisco — C. I*. Alken. at tha Well
ington: B. Blodgrett, at th© Continental;
J. B. Coleman. at the Netherland; J. II.
Davis and wife, at th© Wellington; W.
Leech, at the Broadway Central; II. New
man, at the Mar thorough; F. E. Webb.
C. H. Zacharles and C. Zacharlea. at tha
Herald Square; M. Vandersllce, at the
Union Scuare.
From Los Angeles— J. M. Davies, at the
Normandlc.
From Redlands— C. Partridge, at the
Park Avenue. ". ; • - • '
Calif omlans in New York.
Mary A. Mertea to O. F. Bernard, lot and im
provement on southerly Una of Fourteenth
street. 05 feet east of Howard, 23x100 fe«t. for
fT.OOO: for account of th« estate of Johnson to
Dr. O. M. Freeman, cats oa th« southerly ltn»
of Shipley street, 366 feet eaat of Fourtn, 40:5x
60 feet, price $5130; for account of Margaret
McDonald. to William Schilling, residence oa
the southerly line of Clay street, 140:9 east of
Fillmore, lot 23xlS7:l>ri: for - account of H.
Dobner to Henry J. Lynr. three Sata on thm
southerly line of Halght street. - 103 west of
Steiner. lot 25x137:6. price $3000. j . i^-i
For account of Mary and Benjamin Tlchner
to Robert P. Troy, twelve flats and a cottage
on the northeast corner of Golden Gate avenue
and Lyon street, 71:10% by 100 feet, $24,000;
for account of W. B. Thomas to Rose Free
man, two-story and basement residence on the
north line of Clay street. 130 feet east of Stein
er, 31:3x137:6. price $C0CO; for account of
Oscar Heyman has bought the south
east corner of Day and Noe streets, 101x105
feet, from the Hibernia Bank. He will
build four cottages on the lot.
. The Jacob Heyman Company has made
sales as follows: N
Lot and cottage on the northeast corner of
Hoffman and Alvarado streets to Louis Spruz
zola for ?3750; lot and cottage on Prentlss
street for $1150 to George Ewen; a lot, 25x120
feet, and two cars on Forty-seventh avenue
for ?75O to Lucy A. Chandler; two Park lots,
50x120, In outside lands, block 700, for $500 to
J. M. Eddy; the southwest corner of Twelfth
avenue and K street. 25x120, for $125O to A. D.
Coulter, and a lot. 23x113 feet, on Seventeenth
street, near Stanyan, for $1000 to John E.
Cooper.
G. M. "Wooster Company reports the
following sales closed recently:
portant building for the district. The
house-renting department reports every
line of business active.
The Master Painters Association Is \he
defendant la a suit for 5it),(XX> damages
filed yesterday by Oustav Poatler, an exn
ployli* painter. The suit la the result
of a boycott levied upon Postler's shop
by tie Bunding Trades Council, and
¦wbich was subsequently declared off by
that bodr.
Fostler claims that the members of
th* defenda-iit associa.tion between March
5 xcd June 13. of this year, entered Into
u. ¦ conspiracy to Injure and destroy bis
business. He says they misrepresented the
conditiort to the Building Trades Coun
cil and persuaded that boay to boycott
him. The boycott was in existence for
6 w««k and then <JecIar«Hi off, but not,
s&rs PoEtler. until his business had been
greatly damaged.
ASSOCIATION OF MASTER :
PAINTERS STJED BY POSTLEB
Plaintiff Claims He Is the Y ictim °*
a Conspiracy Fonnsd by the
Xrefendants. -
The San Jose Chamber of Commerce Is
exhibiting; an excellent series of vlew3
of the Santa Clara Valley ln^the display
windows of Sariborn, VaJl & Co. These
views are a Dart of the" exhibit which
the San Jose Chamber of Commerce will
make at the "Worjd's Fair. The pictures
were taken by Andrew P. Hill, the* scenic
artist of San Jose. The panorama shows
views of the Sorosis fruit farm at Sara
toga, the Santa Clara Valley ln blossom
time and the Campbell Fruit Growers'
Association, etc Four of the panoramic
views are 17x79 inches. This exhibit. show-
Ing sreat orchards In blossom time, the
vast drying grounds and picturesque val
ley of the Santa Clara, will do much to in
terest Easterners In this charming region.
Pictorial Exhibit Is Prepared to Il
lustrate Glories of Fruitful Sec
tion of California.
SATTTA CIiABA VAT.t.ttv
¦ c .-. VIEWS FOR ST. LOUIS
For the Maria Taber estate, the premises at
217 Vallejo street, 25x80 feet, with five tene
ments, renting for *45 a month; lot 25x112
feet, and seven tenements, renting for ?70 a
month, at 40 and 48 Rausch street; lot 25x75
and four tenements, renting for $30 a month,
at 224 and 226 Shipley street; for the Manjaret
Henry estate, lot 24x00 and eight rooms nnd
bath house at 2464 Mission street; three lots,
each 27:11x137:6 feet, .on the north side of
Greenwich - street, between Baker and Lyon,
and within half a block of the Presidio; lot
27:0x120, with store and five flats, renting for
$153 a month, at 581, 583 and 585 Hayes tireet
and 482 and 484 Linden avenue; the former
site of. the. Pacific Vinegar and Pickles Works,
at 415' Fulton street, lot 05:6x200, Irregular,
with 27:6x09:6 on' Grove street; northwest
corner ' of " Duncan and - Sanchez streets,
80x114, at' referee's sale; two flats and
lot 25x80, at 11 and 13 Lexington avenue; lot
27:6x110, and seven-room and bath houst-, at
1617 Golden Gate avenue; lot 25x100. with
store and three flats, renting for $41, at 721
Brannan street, and lot 25x80, with three ten
ements of four rooms each, at 142 Clara street.
The first of the new electric trains from
Sausalito to Mill Valley was run In the
remarkably short fime of nine minutes.
The advent of this road Into Mill Valley
marks the most important step ln the
growth of this suburb, meaning as it does
a great shortening in the. time consumed
in travel by those who cross the bay dally
to and from San Francisco. The road is
the only one of its kind on the qpast, be
ing the first three rail system to be In
stalled. The Mill Valley train hereafter
will consist of five very handsome cars,
which will include three coaches ln the
center, of the train 'and a combination
smoking and . baggage car at either end,
capable of running fifty miles an hour,
solid as . a line of Pullman sleepers and
controlled much easier than the steam
roads. The : new road already has had a
most decided influence orl land values In
Mill Valley. There Is a rapid sale of. lots
ln the Sunnyslde tract by Lyon & Hoag.
This property lies at the terminus of the
new road and , has been the first to feel
its benefits. Over. ninety lots have been
sold within a very short tim«. . .
I Shainwald,. Buckbee & Co. ¦ report thai
they have ; had a very . busy week. They
find the renting and leasing business in
very excellent condition and have made
a very important lease, details of which
they will have In a few days. The prop
erty Is to be improved 'with quite an lm-
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will sell real es
tate at auction at their / salesrooms on
September 14. The following pieces are
mentioned in the catalogue: "
. Lot 30:0x97:0 feet, with two-story trick
building, on the north line of Clay street, 76:6
feet east from Powell, $10,600: lot 25x100 feet,
on the west line of Broderlck street, 75 feet
north from Oak, $1COO; lot 2tt:7xl37:tf feet, on
the north line of Bush street, CO feet ea«t
from Broderlck, with two flats and stable,
?4900: northeast corner of Seventeenth and
Prosper streets, 25x91:6 feet. $1700; northwest
line of Harrison street, 185 northeast from
Eighth, lot 20x80 feet and three frame build
ings of three flats each and small building of
two rooms ln rear, $3000. \
Easton, Eldridge & Co. auctioned real
estate last Tuesday and received the fol
lowing prices for various properties that
were offered for sale:
OFFERED AT AUCTION.
For the Santa Clara Valley Land Company
ln the San Martin ranch. Santa Clara, County,
to A. M. Pitts of Chicago, ten acres for $1000;
to F. L. Vosburgh of Chicago, twelve and a
half acres for $1250; to H. W. Reinhart of
Eureka twenty acres for $2000, and to Carl
Kratz of Kansas ten acres for $1000. In the
Horace Hawes subdivision at Redwood City
five acres to E. E. Simmons ; for $1750: one
and. an eighth acres, villa site— Purcell Rowe,
for $400 and to Carl R. Johnson one and an
eighth acres, villa site, for $400. For the Sac
ramento Valley Land Company to J. B. True
blood, 130 acres of vine land at Grldley, Butte
County.- for $13,000. Also from XV. . M. Mack
to A. R. Rasmussen. forty acres of fruit and
vine land near Morgan Hill. Santa Clara
County, for $3000. and from Samuel Poorman
to P Mat!teson. elxty acres of fruit and vine
land near Concord, Contra Costa County, for
$4000.
C. Bevan to J. Pellcano, lot 50x100, on the
cast line of Franklin, 2« feet south of Green
wich, $2050; W. G. Wheelock to Clarence B.
Sloan, lot 36:3x110. for $5750; P. F. Ooodloe to
a client, lot 60x137:6. and residence on the
east side of Webster street. 100 feet south of
Union. $11,500; George A. Hare to A. M.
Brand, lot 12:6x62:6, on the west line of
Buchanan street. 75 feet north of O'Farrell.
$975, and F. E. . Harmon to M. Kilday, a lot
and cottage ln Belvedere. $3625.
The following sales have been made by
the C. M. Wooster Company:
Estate of Gilbert Clement. to E. C. J. Pratt,
lot 27 :6xlOO feet on the south . line I of | Union
street, . 110 feet east of Webster, $2200; Mary
CITY . AND SUBURBS.
The following sales are reported by Sol
Getz & Son:
Lot 50x120. east line of Bleventh avenue, 225
feet north of Point Lobos avenue, with all Im
provements, for $2200, to F. Wagner; lot 67:6x
100. northeast corner of Forty-eighth avenue
and I street," to Richard Barker, . for $2100; lot
26x120. north line of California street. 81 feet
west of Eighteenth avenue, to Elizabeth
Adams; lot 25x120, east line of Seventeenth
avenue, near H etreet. with Improvements, to
Charles Mitchell ; lot 25x100, southwest line of
Persia avenue, near Athens street, to R. Leish
man, for $200: lot 25x120, «ast line of Forty
ninth avenue Boulevard, 112:6 feet south of K
street, to It. Barker Jr.; lot 25x100. south linn
of H street, 82:6 feet east of Forty-seventh
avenue, to C. Werther. for $1100; lot 25x120,
west line of Forty-sixth avenue. 200 feet north
of I street, to A. W. Best.- for $800.
Hawks & Skelton have sold the follow
ing described properties:
Nelson, Johnson & Co. report an unusu
ally spirited inquiry for all classes of in
vestment property, especially those of
moderate size. They have made the fol
lowing sales:
M. Samuels to A. D. Cheshire, two new flats
Nos. 7ir». 717 nakPr Btrret, near McAllister!
2.)x!>fl fett. S0250; Rllznbeth Meams to A. XV.
Riecker. residence No. 1412 Oetavla street be
tween Post and Geary. 27:Gxl10 feet, for
$7uC0; A. Flemlnp to Sophie Wigger three
flats. Nos. 410 44O\4. 442 Fourteenth' street,
nrar Valencia, for $B750; M. J. Mibach to Mrs
O'Neill, cottase No. 34 Kureka street, near
Kightcenth. 24x125. for $2750; A. Flndlay to
Elizabeth Marks, two flats. Nos. 121. 123 De
Lonjf avenue, near Frederick street 30x85 feet
for ?C<100; Mrs. Spring to Pauline Coblentz.
three flats, No. 124 Langton street, near Fol-
Rom. 25x75 feet, for $3500: J. Healy to Joseph
Tresmontan. three flats No. 224 Rltch street,
near Bryant, for $3300: J. Healy to. Miss T.
Marchlni. four flats. No 222 Rltch street,
near Harrison 25x75 feet, for $3300; J. B.
Cosprave to Cllen McLane. cottage No. 1710
Eddy street, between Pierce and Scott. 30x75
feet, for $3G0O; Charles L. Hlnkle to Mrs.
Maria Whipple, residence No. 74S Castro
fitreet, near Twenty-first, 25x125 feet, for
$4575. ,
F. B. Surryhne reports the following re
cent sales:
Two flats at 1015-17 Filbert street, between
Jones and Leavenworth. two lots 34:4x137:0
feet. $5500; three lot? on the easterly line of
Park Hill avenue, 277 feet southerly " from
Buena Vista avenue, - 25x115 feet each $1000
each; lot on the easterly line of Eighteenth
avenue. 125 feet north from Fulton street, ,25
xl20 feet. $300; lot on the easterly line of
Twenty-eighth avenue 125 feet south from A
street 70x120 feet, $350: two flats and lot 28
x"6:6 feet, No. 2303V4 Bush street, $S000; lot
on the southerly line of Hermann street, 27:0
feet west from Church 27:6x82 feet. $2350:
six flats and lot C0x85 feet on the southeast
corner of Blghteenth street and San Carlos
avenue $10,250; two flats and lot 22x75. No.
371-3 San Carlos avenue. $4000; lot on th«i
southerly line of Union street. 03 feet east from
Steiner. 25xlCO feet, $1000.
The celebrants of the mass to-day will
all be young priests of the diocese who
have grown up and have become priests
under the care of Father Nugent.
Father James Moran will be celebrant
of the mass. Father Patrick Callopy will
act as deacon.Father Joseph McAullffe as
sub-deacon and Reverend 'William Deeney
S. J., will act as master of ceremonies.
The sermon will be preached by Father
McAuIiffe. Mozart's Twelfth Mass will
be sung by St. Rose's choir.
In the evening vespers will be sung and
Father Callopy will preach the sermon.
ktreet for Ellas Cohn to \ Mrs. Ellen Kearns;
lot 25x106:3 and a two-story residence. No
CCo Cole street, near Halght. for Charles C
Klnsey to Mary K.. Camilla M. and Claire F.
McDermott; lot 85 : tlxlP.7 : 0 and three flats
Nos. 736. 738 and 740 Oak street, near Fill
more, for airs. Matilda Brutscher to Mrs
Laura B. McCornock; lot 2.">xSS:5 and two new
flats. Nos. 1743 and 1745 Lyon street near
California, for Daniel Einstein to Gustaf A
Hult; lot 25x100 :3 on the east side of Lyon
street. 100 foet north of Grove, for Conrad
Fink to William K. Shepman.
His parishioners naturally hold . their
pastor in the highest esteem and earnest
ly co-operate in every enterprise looking
to the parochial welfare.
Twenty-five years ago to-day the Rev
erend Father Denis Nugent established
this parish, which then consisted of only
a small congregation, which met to wor
ship In a small frame structure, -which
answered a double purpose, that j of a
school house during the week days and
a church on Sundays. Through Father
Nugent's exertions it has grown into a
splendid, big pariah, with a house of wor
ship which Is considered to be one of
the finest in the city.
celebration of the patronal feast,
will make the event one long to be re
membered in the annals of this parish. •
Not only will all the present parishioners
participate in the festival, but hundreds
of former parishioners will Join ln the cel
ebration.
AT ST. ROSE'S CHURCH this
morning at 11 o'clock, the open-
Ing services of the silver jubilee
will begin, which, coupled with the
Silver Jubilee of St. Rose's
Church Will Be Held
To- Day..
YOUNG PRIESTS WHO WILL
ASSIST AT ST. ROSE'S
CHURCH JUBILEE.
Lot 25x75 and two flats. 4220 Eighteenth
Etreet, for Lemuel Arthur to Mitchell and Jo
seph Bllafer; lot 30x100 and cottage on the
southwest corner of Third and Point Lobos
avenues, for C. B. DeMartlnl to A. Glnoc
chlo; lot 20x108 on the north line of Clement
street. SI feet west of Bigrhth avenue for
Mary Gallagher to Amelia Cross; lot 25x110
and three flats. Xos. 708, 740 and 742 Halght
Recent sales are reported as follows by
Lyon & Uoag:
J. J. Lynch to E. J. Pringle, lot 25x87 :C
feet, with Improvements, on the south side of
Turk street, C2:6 feet east of Hyde, for $14,
000; John Peters to Charles A. Carlson, lot 50x
100 feet ca the south side of Fulton street,
137:6 feet west of Devisadero, for $5000: to
Louis Rcnner from J. H. Kruse, four flats and
lot 50x52 feet on the south side of Twenty
third street. 25 feet ¦ •• east * of Harrison, for
$8000: to John L. Kelly for $3500, cottage and
lot 25x70 feet on the west side of Cole street,
60 feet couth of Frederick;' cottage and lot 23
xllO feet on the east side of Shrader street,
to Albert Palmer for $4000: to Dr. S. J. fcun
ningham from James F. and Jeremiah Dono
van, two flats and lot"5xS2:6 feet on the west
side of Polk etreet, (JD feet south of Green,
for $6, 00; Robert Lorentz to Hubert Galey,
three flats and lot 31:3x00 feet on the south
east corner of O'Farrell and Buchanan streets,
for $16,000: to E. J. Daley from A. Knowles.
cottage and lot 25x100 feet on the south side of
KlRhteenth street. 25 feet west of Utah; for
$2GG0; to Ferdinands Avedano from P. J. Mar
tena, cottag-e and lot 23:6x07:6 on the west
line of Le Roy place. 187:8 feet north of Sac
ramento street, for $1800; for Alvlnza Hayward
to Judge T. S. Graham, lot 32x137 :G feet on
the west line of Jones street, 118 feet south of
Chestnut, for $3C£>0.
R. D. Cranston & Sons report the fol
lowing recent sales:
EFFECT GOOD SALES.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. have sold the
northeast corner of McAllister and Oc
tavia streets, 50x100 feet, and two houses
of two stories for $20,000; also 25*120 feet
and five fl3ts on the north line of Waller
street (81:3 feet east from Steiner, for
$14,250. The seller of the last mentioned
property is Charles Floodberjr.
Thomas Ma see & Sons have sold the
residence of Mrs. Hannah LJebes on the
north line of Broadway, 127:6 feet west
from Fillmore street, to Colonel E. F.
Preston for $31,000. The lot on which' the
residence stands Is 37:6x37x6 feet in size.
The northwest corner of Grant and Till
man avenues, between Post and Sutler
streets, 30x23 feet, with Improvements
consisting of a four-story brick building,
has been sold by William H. Deming to
a client of Speck & Co. for $65,000. The
area cf the lot Ss enly 750 square feet.
The rate per front foot as realized at the
sale is S2166.
Shainwald. Buckee & Co., who sold the
northwest corner of Pacific and Van Ness
avenues to Messrs. Mooser and Starr for
Dr. Herbert K. Law for JS1.500. report
that the new owners will soon begin to
erect a large apartment house on the
corner to face on Pacific avenue. The
eame brokers have sold the property on
the west line of Stockton street, 39:6 feet
south frcm Bush, ' 3S.Ux60 feet, with Im
provements, for $35,000.
Additional sales by Shainwald, Buckbee
& Co. are as follows:
South line of Turk street. 1C2:9 feet west of
Lasuna. S2:6_137:G feet, for $13,200; south
line of Pacific avenue. 137:6 feet east of Lyon
«tre«t, 40x127:8% feet, for $6000; lot and Im
provements on the southwesterly corner of
Montgomery avenue and Lombard street. 49x
64 feet, lor $10,500; lot and Improvements on
the west line of Scott street. 32:6 south of
Walter.. 25x11 rt:3 feet, for $7250; lot on the
west line of Central avenue, 25 feet Bouth of
Hayes street. 60x112:0 feet, for $5200; lot and
Improvements on "the north line of Howard
street. 3fi feet east of Russ. 2Sxl00 feqt, for
$11,200; lot on the south line of Turk street,
245:3 fwt west of Lagruna, 27:6x137:6 feet, for
J4400; lot and improvements on the east line
ml Fillmore street, 50 feet north of Jackson.
22x112 feet, for $12,000; lot and improvements
on the north line of Scott street, 107 feet
north of Green, 30x107:6 feet, for $12,000. They
have also sold a larse piece of land In Tulare
County, details of which cannot yet bo made
public.
The _ales of residence properties and
eligible buildlnff lots continue to domi
nate the local realty market. There Is
a very strong demand for large proper
ties, as there has been for many months
past, but the. difficulty Is to get the own
ers to agree upon prices that meet the
view of the Intending purchasers. There
is sufficient diversity in the localities in
which the transactions of the last few
weeks have taken place to Indicate the
general Interest that exists.
Numerous Residences Find
New Owners at Good-
Sized Prices.
Local Realty Market Is
Active With Small
Transactiona
HOME SEEKERS
BUY PROPERTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30. 1903.
FINE SERVICES
TO CELEBRATE
ANNIVERSARY
28
; :^-._ ;:rl .-¦ , : -_ . : - :; _ _¦¦_ j ADVEBTISEMZUTS. __:,.-,-'- I
Bw^^^BHH8B^|jy "v^ra B_Bp___B_EJgj_3ffiS»^^w-'^y r »ffNjJf*"i_ffi' J w|CT^^^wW|BI
|B_l"*_______w aft Si KS» v_v^ fflv « E_a| gBwjf (9 __SK uwflHr tBw M ffi^ \a a Mar »S
The- work of disposing of th e $150,000 worth of 'goods upon which a djustment was made is progressing verj
satisfactorily. The sale has been running a week now and the store has been crowded every minute of the time, and
yet there are many wonderful bargains awaiting those who would save. Those who have already attended the sale
are unanimous in their praise. Such bargains, they say, have never before been offered. The coming week prom-
ises" to be a busy one, and we are prepared to take care of the crowds. We have succeeded in picking up at ran-
dom a few items which can be taken as indicators. If we co not tell about what you want you will probably find
it at the store. We would advise you not to delay too long, for the'£oods are moving fast.
Dress Goods Rcady-to-Wcar Silks
(Main Floor.)
F C^eam .roun^wftl CarmClltS <*aln ™>*
£ "ffeS ™.^colors and d^er" (Second Floor.) FANCY SILKS-Colofed Taffeta
ent sized dots; width 38 inches; LOUIS XIV SUITS— Made of fino Silks, striped and figured peatt
worth 75c a yard* now a OC quality cloth and handsomely trim- de soie figured pnnt warps,
yar _ ' ' OOC med with braid; shoulder capes; including most every coloring,
COLORED SILK VELVET -"H sleeves; full flare skirts: colors suitable for waists, dresses and lin-
New fall colorings and evening black, blue and gray; a >Q gr ing; regular price 75c, 85c and $1.00
shades; worth a dollar a vo, _ Jj7.so sv.it for . ... *P *' a yard; now. per 2_>C
yard- now per yard 4Os^ LOUIS XIV SUITS— Made of fine ya.-d *****
BLACK PEBBLE CHEVIOT— Q_«Kty all wool cheviot and tweed; FANCY SILKS— A good Tange of
• Extra heavy quality and all wool; shoulder capes; full sleeve; fancy col^ rin^ including white. SSfc
width 52 inches; sponged and braid trfmmmgj full flare : skirt ¦ J • Louisinef; regular prirc
shrunk; worth a dollar a [ZQ r ™l°™ b ! ac k ' brown 7 !* 85c. $1.00 and $1.25; now, rO~
yard; now, per yard O^C $22.50 suit $16.50 per yard ..... ......V^
E he G avy S C i o a^o^fene^weaTe; WALKING 'skiRTS^Our entire NEW FALL SILK^ -They arrived
46 inches wide; all colors: worth line of walking skirts and tweeds, the very day of the fire xheit
8%c a vard- now oer v f ~ cheviots and melton cloth, has been includes several st! es in most
vlrd " 45C reduced as follows: exquisite colors; regular price,
PANAMA* CHEVIOT SUITINGS $500 Skirts are now *r*^ ?I °? a yard: n ° W ' pCf - 63c
—All wool mixtures and Zibclines; $6.00 Skirts are now ....$3.85 yard
widths range from 38 to 44 inches; BLACK MERCERIZED SATEEN BLACK SILKS— Reductions are in
worth from 60c to 75c a yard; PETTICOATS— Full accordeon effect on every line of black silks
your pick now for, a -?Q<" pleated flounce, edged with nar- in the house.
yard t/-^i" row ru ffle; regular price OZn 90c Black Taffetas, now 69c
Miscellaneous $i.75; now -'• J ** 85c Black Taffetas, now...... 50c
Fire Sale Items 1/l/aicfc 65C BIack Taffetas ' now......53c
WASH GLOVES— Two clasp, lisle VVCllOLo $1.25 Black Peau de Soie. now.. SOc
thread wash gloves, in black, white, (Second Floor.) $ ICO Black Peau de Soie. now..S3c
tan, mode, brown, gray and slate; WHITE LAWN WAISTS— Tucked g- c B ] ack p cau _ e Soie, ncw.GSc
. were 50c a pair; now 39 C a , nd « mbro ' der f d ir P^ ful1 P°« ch •
*- sleeves* 3. Si **^ wnist *7f\
TAFFETA WASH RIBBON-4 ior....'.... .Tf ,J9C Mntlfttl^
• inches wide and comes in all CHEVIOT WAISTS — Tucked IIULIUIIO .
colors; was 20c per front; large buttons; colored and I?c Black Spun Glass Lining... Oc
yard: now I * / -' v black and white; a nf. ~ -..„ _ v . ¦ - .,„
CUSHION COVERS— There are $2.00 waist now for 9OC 25c Silk Stocks loc
. five hundred of them in assorted FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS— 25c Florodora Combs Oc
designs, some stamped for em- Side plaited and tucked front: all 20c Pearl Buttons, per dozen... Oc
broidery, others ready to mount; colors and sizes; $2.50 q* 1 qgr jet TRIMMINGS— A bg lot of-
regular price, 50c and 7Sc, 1Q C waist for. ...... . . . . . • • I .W»00 fered at startling reductions: ;
now :*7. SILK WAISTS— Made of good The «;oc kind for oer vard ¦ 5c
WOOL YARNS-German knitting qua H ty si ik; tucked front and i.»e 50c kind tor, per yard oc
yarn, the 25c . quality, 1?\jL r back; full pouch sleeve; button The 7_c kind for. per yard..... lOc
' now, per skein MAt '^^ trimming; all colors; fry Cf\ The $1.00 kind for, #er yard... .13c
Zephyr, 5c quality, now? per lap. .3c regular $4.50 waist for.. *p£»O\J The $1.50 to $2 kind for, per yd;23c
_ n « _
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦^^^ JV^ J in^nA^
W%k 1 _aFl_ S n^ man y other painful and serious
H3& \ m ral^ R 5?J ailments from which most mothers
H Ha 1 H S^_i % _^3 suffer, can be avoided by the use of
BBlfcB 1 $k |_^ iOB ". Mottir ' $ Frfentfi " This great remedy
WkL Win F$slk w t^ em through their most critical
B « S3 kF%& B ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who nses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and.leaves her. in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The. child is
also healthy, strong and esi_bb _gf%. rogg w H |_a HBk 1 _B_k
woman, and will be sent free in plain K3 B^ H SBI &H ffik
Brad field Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. _T lilraiHU
; ;'C -¦-¦_¦ ¦'¦ ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
Electro Chemistry in \\ J g~\ \fk F_J IV' r
Special Diseases of ? ? VJ' 1 V 1 1 1 i
In the first place Electro-Chemistry Is keeping many women off the operating table. It is cur-,
ing many special diseases of women which very often are turned over to the surgeon for treatment.
Again it curis painlessly and relieves the sufferer from the necessity of dosing with strong and in-
jurious drugs and medicines. Many a woman's health is ruined by drugging and in many instances
when she is too weak for further medical treatment, as a last resort surgery is resorted to, and
surgical treatment fails because the sufferer is too weak and debilitated ,to stand the shock. To all
suffering women we extend a cordial invitation to come to us for a free Electro'-Chemic X-Ray ex-
amination. This examination will show just what the trouble is, and will tell positively whether or
not surgical treatment is necessary.
$$&$$$%%& ''*t%*M MRS * FREDERICK GOCHIA, 421 L street, San 'Francisco,
iF- 'o^yllliaL 7 y^M teIIs wha t Electro-Chemistry has done for her. Mrs. Gochia says:
P^^^BS__B_Hi__i^^« "Y ov man y years I have been a sufferer. I have taken much medi-
i&?&. iMmA ;• • __PSH__§^^-^ cine, all of which has probably had an injurious effect upon me ; at
r^SS^MM any rate lt did nOt cure me ' y stoma ch, Hver and bowels were in
- •". " f__5l^^ bad condition and my nervous system was a wreck. I began the
Iliy^jffil^ '"¦¦ "' ' . ; l : " ; /-¦¦ i_^^H Electro-Chemic treatment a little over a month ago, and it benefit-
ed me from the start. My stomach, liver and bowels act normally
||^5^4B^^r^., "^ i^i^l now and I am not taking any medicines at all. My nerves are
%?* v ' '% stron & er than the y nave been' for a long time, and I feel that if I
' ' - ' Stray"''!', /' f*%i$%lk can influence other suffering women who have not been cured by
\ 'H^S^^^^i^^^^P tneolderme thods of treatment to take up this hew and wonder-
r . . '. Tj'^SjSB^j^yw.^K^J full . v successful Electro-Chemic cure, it is my duty to do so, and I
[If^^^j^^SSjp "fjP|V^0| gladly add my testimony as to its value.
V 'j&"'- ¦ '' -~ 'W'^W "( Si ?ned MRS. FREDERICK GOCHIA, %
WT - ' '/'J MRS. WM. BARNES, BLACKS, CAL., says: "I had a can-
'> ¦'¦•>¦ ¦••"¦'¦'•'::- < __^_^ p - -"»-": cerous tumor in my left breastr- It was rapidly . destroying my
*y ¦- ySS^.'l^m^*. , .' health. Two surgeons said it had to be cut out, but I felt that I was
. : - : .-*' ; '< too weak to stand the shock of a surgical treatment. I took the Elec-
\Li i.__l: _*_'.___!_:____ tro-Chemic treatment at the Electro-Chemic Institute, 118 Grant
ku. nzhuicz ooceia. avenue, San Francisco, and 1 am happy to say that it has cured me
perfectly, without a minute's pain or suffering. The lump is gone, my general health improved un-
der the Electro-Chemic treatment and I gained ten pounds in weight; in fact I am in better health
every way than I have been in years." (Signed) MRS. WM: BARNES,
" EPECIALTrES-krOICSUMPTION. CATARRH. ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS. DEAFNESS, HEAD AND EAR NOISES
RUNNING EARS, CANCERS. • TUMORS. OLD SORES. RHEUMATISM. PARALYSIS, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA
PILES, FISTULA. DISEASES OF THE STOMACH. LIVER, KIDNEYS and BOWELS, HEART DISEASE, PALPITA-
TION. BLOOD, 6KIN and NERVOUS DISEASES, SPECIAL DISEASES or MEN and WOMEN and all CHRONIC
DISEASES. Consultation and Electro-Chemic X-Ray Examination Free in <• very case.
home treatment. Elcctro-Ghemic Instihitp
PaUents llrlng at a distance -bould try to come to our office *****'l* *J Vll^llllW JL11.3U.1U. UC)
for one personal, examination. - In most cases we can furnish 118 GRANT AVE., Cop. Post '. St.,
a eacccssf-1 home treatment and the patient can return home g_jf FRANCI8C0.
the same day. Office Hours-9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 tq 8 p. ra. dally. Sun-
We loan, free of charge, an expensive Electro-Chemic ap- days, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
paratua for home treatment..., J BEPARATE APARTMENTS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
: ADVEBTISEMENTSL :
oooapooocoeoo«««o«»o«__«eo««e«o«*o»««MC_»eo««©«
• 818-82O /AAPK^T 3T, SAtV FRANCISCO. J
I RIBBONS. VEILINGS. PoInt L^ J
2 Heavy Satin Taf- All Silk Veilings, in 2000 yards at one-quar- (
O feta, over 3 inches Tuxedo, mesh, Brus- toeir actual j
• wde; in all the latest sels net. plain and poJ _ t fle Venl>e Qal _ J
5? shades: a pretty rib- fancy; all the latest loonB> ln vhite and 2
#? *h* n<.rV nr styles and patterns; Arabian shades; regular -
O bon for the neck or / * d Qn p^ « yard. 30c; on J
© hair; on sa:e at l«>c *";_] ,_i_ J at 15c. 8ale at Bc - 2
vjrH th^ Wf( .V special sale at we. ciuny. Nottlnghams ¦
o yard tms week. Maline or Illusion and Valenciennes styles: •
O We tie aU bows and Veiling, best quality; _5__ h p ™_g PgJ 6 ™^ ,
X knots the latest styles all colors; special, an d yokes: regular price fi
p free of charge. j per yard, Oc. * . ¦:'. , 60c; special at lOc yard, q
o NOTIONS. ~_ J
2 Dress Shif'ds, lined, medium Shoe Laces, extra quality, 2 pair 5
_J size; each ...»>c for lV. 5c
O Linen Collars and Cuffs, 4-ply, Hose Supporters, plain or fancy,, g
• extra qualii*-, .each 2c carh Oc q
• Hair Rolls or Rats, black or Spool Silk, all shades, best qual- C
® gray «ch lOc ity Oc spool g
q Eagle Pins (Wallace & Sons), Hair Nets, all shades, best qual-. 5
0 extra quality, per paper, ra. 4c Jtj, Oc each q
• Hair Pins, in\-isibie. extra Ai, Kid Hair Curlers, >est quality., c
• each 12c 4~ package G
• Hooks and Gyes, b«st qn?'ity. But*pni| lr-ge and small, extra •
q black and white, dij:ea.....3ii fine grade 4c dozen •
0 Fabiir Belts, white, tan, black. Cube Pins, 106 count 5c each 5
0 • rrgTilarly 25c, each 17c Corset Laces, extra vjuality, 2 q
© Elastic, red, pink or bine.. lc j'd ' pair for ., 5c q
• CELLULOID GENT S' S kitchen spec.als. §
: GOODS UNDERWEAR WS£™~£ j
• Co^ar and C_ff boxes. For wia'cr wear, dcr- »& j£_^f*Si«3_ •
© 7 5 11 St^i"v^ <bj ribbed. fleeO lined. Umniy Bread "^d"_Tcon J
2 from 25C to $4.50 . .. , Slloer — Adjustable In- ©
• --.u Comes in bin** only, st_ntly to thick or thin: ©
A \r~*; -',TV,^,^,» *J:~'~'-i S P CC1ZX at v- 1 - a.sniu Slaw vutter. Fine Steel— S
• 1 f™ *&$&& S& S
S 93.5O to 91^ each. Sr^bro^S £
• Photograph alburns, $i*s garment, on spe- H ? o D r di sho^_^ bl _ r £«___ ©
" l?'"Kest stocK in town, cial sale QQa vegetable*— .\o. 7. re^. ©
• 5Oc to 9Q.OO etch- at ....... 3<SC 6 ,'^ >U .^V^. ;__. f
• MrDDADC 2 grosSj French Platc « easel back » B_r* •
2 II IKlilFu^ frame, a genuine bargain, __L | fl^ 2
J *'****** V***' regular 50c on sale at |
g BIG BOOKS AT SMALi. PRICES •
?' Gssif'l's Cos3t*raiClBsn of I\irma. a Dainty Work for Pleasure and Profit, fj?
O b— slness tci.uu_l of 63« paxes. _nd a. 450 p*«es, published at $2; cut to. 75c ©
S Sh ZF&r^A^^S&S Bod Boy and HI. Pa. 5W g
q Cor-ilete Compcnaium of Universal „ , V"U",.* V-^' S
Jf Kn^vledre. by Bale*. S50 pe»ea. Remarks by Bill Nje, 500 pases BOo W
• fo^sier price f2.N>; oct to ...75e 'Anecdotal Lincoln. 470 past* COc ©
W "**"eb«ter'» Twentieth Ostury Diction- Library of Wit and Humor, 430 ©
_) ary -nd Gazetteer of the World. 650 pages. 5Oc A
m pascfc. Tlth tfcunsb Index and 200" JCew Americanized Encyclopedia Bri- g\
!| Illustrations, bo_ ad ln leather; cor tannlca. half morocco - binding, 10 _f
•* t» . 92.25 volume*, more than 7000 -pages, Id2 ™
9 Kinrdoni of Nature. an Illustrated m.iw and treating on 250. COO sub- ©
_> museum of the animal 'world and Jjecta, sold n Installments at $36; Q
_, saturaJ history, published at $.iJ>0: our price while they last for the a
Z our jiric* *1 Bet $12.80 T
| NbW BASKBTS. g
9 Special \-_1*jcs in Waste Baskets at 25c, 35c and 5Oc. §
9 Others in solid colors of red, jjrecn, pink or white, T5c to $**.5O.
• Inspect our new line, just x-eceived, of baskets for photographs, candy, ©
J lower-, etc •
_[ Hampers. Clothes and Market Baskets, Suit Ca«es, Satchels, Telescopes. •
Baby and Work Baskets. N'o such selection ever shown on this coast 2
9 and at extTemely low prices. S
\ Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired. O
£ Picture Frames of All Descriptions Made to Order. 2
_©»ott»ooft©©»Q©qo©©ooooooo©aoe3©ooooo<oeooe©©e
O©O0O30Q©©O0e0©0O9G0C00S^0000C0000000000«©0<
I Special Offering for this week
© . "¦.'-¦
• * We show you cuts of two of the swellest tables ever offered for
• sale on this coast; full quarter-sawed golden oak, water rubbed and
q highly polished; turned legs. One table shown has plain feet, other
q has .brass claw feet and glass rests. Both tables have 24-inch tops.
& We can show you equally good bargains in every^ other department
© in our store, as we have no rent to pay and give you the benefit of
© low prices and easy payments.
g LARGEST STOCK. LOWEST PRICES.
I THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
• 1O17-1O23 MISSION ST.. Above 6th.. Ne*r Niw Poit O2et.Firemen to Escort Governor.
The San Francisco Veteran Volunteer
Firemen will act as escort to, Governor
Pardee when he goes to Chlcoon Admis
sion day. The aged members will leave
Rowland will leave in a . few days for
Humboldt county. California, where his
brother is in charge of big hydraulic
workings. There he will learn the method
of operation with a view of buying simi
lar plants and washing gravel on either
side of the gulches at Copper River, which
has. proven In many places to be fully
as rich as the gulches themselves, v
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 29.— M. T. Row
land, one of .the biggest and richest min
ing men in the Copper River country, has
returned from Alaska and 'says that the
present season has far exceeded other
years in the development of the mining
resources of the Copper River country.
Slate Creek and Miller Gulch are eclips
ing their former records. Some rich
benches were discovered early this sum
mer, one yielding a single cleanup of
$5000. Several other benches In the dis
trict have showed up well and indications
now point to the largest year in the
history of this famous camp. The Chit
titu Development Company has construct
ed a five mile tramway with permanent
bridges, - connecting their properties, a
system of water works and numerous of
fice buildings.
Returned Mining Man Says That
Some Exceedingly Rich Benches
Have Been Discovered. \
COPPER RIVER COUNTRY
ECLIPSES FORMER RECORD
Religion is concerned with the spirit behind
matter. Science is concerned with the nature
and function of things, religion __wlth their
rights and alms.
Science concerns itself with the body; religion
goes a step farther and concerns itself also
with the soul. .
Thus the aim of science is to analyze, the
aim of religion to moralize. Religion begins
where science leaves off, revealing tho . Inner
spiritual and moral meaning of nature and life.
Religion recognizes the great services which
science haa rendered and la rendering to hu
manity, and no longer binders Its progress. It
seeks to concentrate Its main efforts upon tha
amelioration of suffering humanity and upon
the uplifting: of the human spirit. Morality
and charity are its chief concern. It holds up
the highest Ideals of life and seeks to interpret
the- true meaning and goal of existence. The
religious man of to-day la not he who gives
his assent ta certain doctrines and beliefs, vol
untarily and Involuntarily, or he who observes
certain customs and. ceremonies, but he who
feels In his own heart and In his conscience
that there must b« a higher power of Justice,
goodnetg and purity that rules nature and man
and that this high power, is the sublime ideal
after which we must ever endeavor to shape
and mold our lives. This Is the religion of
humanity. This Is the religion which appeals
to high and low, to rich and poor, and to the
cultivated and uncultivated. This is the re
ligion which science respects and honors, for
it cannot take its place. Science deals with
matters of fact only.
Dr. Bernard M. Kaplan, rabbi of Sac
ramento, who Is visiting this city, lect
ured from Dr. Voorsanger'a pulpit at
Temple Emanu-El at the services yester
day morning. The rabbi traced the de
velopment of progressive religion and
spoke of the harmony existing now be
tween religion and science as compared
with the conflict that formerly waged be
tween the two. He said in part:
Dr. Bernard M. Kaplan Delivers an
Able Discourse at Temple
Emanu-El.
The invited guests were: Judge Frank
J.. Kerrigan;. Judge Alfred J. Fritz, Will
iam F. Humphrey, Captain T. D. E. Wil
son, Captain Harry Gaukroger, Walter
Magee. John J.,,: Gieason, Captain W. B.
Mighell, *Wlnfleld Blake, Barney-, Bernard,
George j Lask/ Max. Dill, Max Rosenf eld.
William Muntz, -Harry Cashman, Benja
min Benjamin, E.Mervln Graney, James
J. Coftroth, Louis Levy, Herman For
trlede, t Harry . E. Corbett, Timothy Mc-
Grath, Dr. Franklin, -Harry James, Eddie
Tobln, Miss Lillian Leslie. Miss Eva G.
Grariey, Mrs. Gladys James, Miss George
Dow,. Miss Florence Hope, Miss Gertrude
Emerson, Miss Gussie Hayden, Mrs. Har
ry Cashman... j r .
¦ There was singing and merry, making.
Many ; professionals .strolled in to grace
the occasion and. helped make things live
ly for the guests. . *
James Is a young man of talent. He
was connected with Weber & Field's
playhouse In New York for four years.
¦He Is extremely popular and is known
throughout the country as a painstaking
leader.
Harry James, the well known leader of
Fischer's orchestra, was Jhe guest of
honor at a supper party tendered him
after last night's performance by his In
timate friends. The affair was held In
VThe Attic," which is a nook in Bohemia,
located on the top floor. of one of the old
buildings on Montgomery and Commercial
streets. Festivities began at midnight
and did not conclude untll o the sun rose
over Telegraphi -Hill.
Mr. James was presented with a hand
some ¦ silver, loving .cup, on y.'hich were
inscribed the names of his friends. " The
cup- was filled many times during the
night and the popular musician was toast
ed by t the guests. James concludes his
engagement as leader of Fischer's to
night. Ever, since that playhouse began
producing Weber & Field's burlesques he
has had charge of the productions. He
has been indefatigable in his work and
the excellence of the performances has
been due. largely to his energy.
Ho ha3 drilled choruses, written Bongs
and drilled his orchestra until they have
reached perfection. He has never rested
from his labors and now intends to take
a vacation. He has severed his connec
tion with the playhouse and within a
month will begin , to gather a company
of clever people to Journey with him to
the "Antipodes, where he will produco
Weber & Field's pieces. He has tho
rights f or. Australia, South Africa and
Great Britain. He hopes ¦ to return in
a year and open up a new playhouse in
this .cltyr- It is being erected for him.
Popular Musician Is Honored by
Friends on Eve of Severing 1 Connec
» . tion With Fischer's Theater-.
TALXS ON THE' RELATION
OF' RELIGION TO SCIENCE
LEADER HABRY JAMES ."
GIVEN A LOTTING CUP
this city on September S In charge of
President Steve Bunner and journey to
the capital. During their short stay at
Sacramento they will be the guests of tho
local organization. ' Governor Pardee will
be orator of the day at Chico. He will be
accompanied by hla entire staff.
Moriarty Puzzles .the Doctors.-
- Thomts Moriarty, the ex-soldrer who
attempted'sulclde thT'ee <fays ago by send
ing a bullet through his head. Is still .alive
at the City ar\d' County Hospital, and the
physicians" marvel a^ his case. They
were ab"le to Extract a" pot-lion of the
teaden. missile from his .brain, « but the
other portion Is lodged In the cranium and
cannot be located. Upon recovering • con
sciousness yesterday Moriarity surprised
the internes by eating a hearty meal and
then asking to be allowed to take' a wa'k
through the corridors. , ••
SUTTEU CREEK, .A«K. 20. — International
Steam Engineers' Union No. 223 haa Issued a
statement denying that It.bas. protested against
the discharge of engineers and surface jpen
from their employment at the mines because
Uiey do not Join the Miners' Uplon. The en-
Kineers point out that they -are not miners, but
belong to a separate craft and have organized
for their own protection. ¦ -.'-
•and the new 4's registered declined a quar
ter per cent,' as cprnpared" with the clos
»r.g call of la at week.
The usual talk Is her.rd in some quar
ters that the Western banking Institu
tions are so well fortified that tlu> needs
for currency to move tht crops «nav be
met out of their own reserves without
calling upon Eastern banks. It is pointed
out that some Western banks, even* in the
heart of the wheat belt are now lending
money at this center and nrc freer buy
ers of mercantile "paper he£c than the
New York banks themselves. But expe
rience shows that whether the resources
of th« Western banks are loaned here
directly or by the local banks which have
them on deposit the result of the fall de
mand for cash is the same.
The lateness of tiA* corn and cotton,
crops is expected to cause possible delay
in the Interior demand, but Its proportions
are generally expected to equal those of
former years. In other respects condi
tions are materially aftered from those
of last year. Then credits \r?,re inflated
to sustain prices of securities at an un
stable height. Not only domestic re
sources but enough foreign borrowings
were employed for the purpose and for
eign creditors began to call home their
loans In the very crisis of the fall de
mand for money. The stock market has
pone through a drastic liquidation and
the foreign borrowings of our capitalists
have been reduced to an enormous ex
tent. There Is no fear of an inward 'move
ment flow of gold as soon as the out
ward flow of crops begins to make »x
char.pre. During the past wegk exchange
bills have made their appearance In the
market In anticipation of the forthcom
ing supply from the crop movement; and
foreign banks have also been lenders of
money on time to an Important extent
in this market The firm tone of the
time moner market and the hij^h rates
for prime mercantile paper are 'Sufficient
evidence that money Is not;In abundant
supply and that care and~conservatlsm
is exercised In lending it. But confidence
is expressed among the bankers that le
gitimate requirements for trade and! com
merce may be met without trouble. Mean
while capital holds aloor from commit
ment to fixed forms, as indicated by the
failure of the bond subscription plan of
the Consolidated Lake Superior Company.
The market has ignored all develop
ments of whatever character. Favorable
railroad earnings, including Erie's .strong
annual report, large current railroad traf
fic, favorable crop reports, a rise in silver
and copper and some foreign demand for
stocks on th« one hand and the threat
ened embroilment over the supposed mur
der of the United States Vice Consul In
Turkey have been equally without, effect.
Bonds have shared in the dullness of
*ne stock market. United States old 4's
and the ?s advanced a Quarter Der. cent
* The stock market has come to a stand
still this week and toward .the latter, part
of the week' the. daily aggregate of deal
irgs have fallen .to a lower figure than
on any full 'day's trading since the sum
mer'of 1300. "This is. in some part due to
the Interest among members of the Ex
change being diverted' to the yacht races
and :to the_ large 'number of" belated va
cations amopg .the menibers. The usual
sfinimer outings • .have ' be^en prevented
bihterto by the -troubled s.tate of. -the
stock market, and more than' once "there
has been a hasty recall to thie stfeat to
face a crisis'. With the .completion of
the long proeess of -liquidation and' the
closing up cf the " resulting speculative
accounts on the short side the market
has come to a state of' stable equilibri
um and is left to the devices of a'sgt
cf sm&U traders on the floor. ' "¦: -
Daily fluctuations which reach as" much
9 a point in. only a few stocks repre
sent the efforts of this element to move
prices and the profits- they' reap or losses.
they suffer are at each other's expense.
The fcffering tone Of prices fail3. to In
duce any fresh liquidation and- is met by
sufficient supporting orders to arrest the
decline and Intimidate the bears. Buying
of a few lots o? shocks resulted In a rise
of prices, but there is no .outside demand'
to take them off ta& hands of the specu
lators, and nrlces g,Hp* back . when they
attempt to, realize profits. The news of
the market consists of gossip and surmise
as to what large amount of' traders aV«'
dependent on their ability to operate at
the expense of their, fellow "players. The
email business warrants the assumption
that the important bank'.np-and financial
Interests ace doing nothing In- the market.
Pendinpr the outcome of the' fall demands
upon the money market a cuirt condi
tion of the stock market fy satisfactory
to the world in general. In the 3ast w£ek
of August last year the 'dr&In upon the
New York bank reserves had already set
in and by the middle of September they
had fallen below the level requirement,
so that the banks had to report a de
ficit of upward of a million floHars in
spite of a sudden and drastic leap con
traction. The precedent of last year's* se
vere experience h?.s been* constantly- in
mind this year and hag been the mo
tive for a cautious end conservative
course which is to form the§)as!s for
hopefulness that the coming demands wil*
be comfortably met.
FAXIi CASH DEMAND CERTAIN.
iffASKET AT STAITPSTTI.T,.
ceived fcy the treasury. Hitherto inter
nal revenue receipts have be"ea • consid
ered available fcr -deposit In the banks
only- as- the payments were made". But
the knowledge of repoucces in reserve", for
the money market overrides other Con
siderations.
A popular rj*n has little to say About
¦what h* has done, and nothing at all
ebo-ut what he is t?olng to do.
TORONTO, OaU Aug. 23.— Toronto^ an
nual exhibition was opened to-day. The
late Queen Victoria's jubilee presents, val
ued at over C 030.00) and the Coldstream
Guards Band cf England ftre to be the
main attractions. The presents will af
terward be shown at' the St. Louis ex
position. .
Jubilee Presents at Toronto.
NEW YORK, Aug. ».— No significance
can be attached to to-day's sz&all deal-,
ings in stocks by a han&ul of profession
al room traded Very, few prominent
stocks covered an extreme range of as
much as a point- and the market fluctu-,
ated uncertainly in the interval. There
were & few advances at- the opening,
trhlca may "havi been due to the con
tradiction of the first r«i)orts that the
United States Vice Consul at Beirut had
been murdered. ' N'o, outside response
came to this movement and the traders
sold the market off en an early impree
*ion that the b*nk statement would not
be as good as the forecast indicated.
As a poor bank statement was. foliow
<d by hardening in the market due to
covering by early short sellers the
market closed firm but practically life
less and at a level slightly higher than
last night. The banks show an Increase
In cash of ' only M.20S.100, .where a gain
of upward of $2,OjO,<X» was expected and
the loan^sccount was again expanded to
the extenT"of upward of $5,000,000. This
loan Increase in reality was a measure
of the inactivity of the money market,
as It is supposed to be due to the putting
out at unresiuneratlve call loan rates. by
the banks of funds deposited by the trust
companies to take advantage of the rate
p?id by the banks on deposits. 'Besides
this, seatlxnont on the money .market out
look has taken on a. tone of assurance
Binc« the announcement .of- the Secretary
of the Treasury's plan -to increase Gov
ermnent deposits with* the tanks to the
extent of UO.Q^fiOO if necessary." This
plan comes in fdr a good deal of'discus
sion-- e in "Wall street, iy reason." of new
contentions. Involved: that internal rev
enue receipts, if distinguished in the
bookkeeping, majr be transferred' to." tfie
banks even though they have been re^--
Last night's <?*rinc act of three hisb
"wayEicu has farmed the several com
panies operating: lines to suburban towns,
aad one, at >*.¦»_ will arm its employes
on all cars beyond the city limits.
Tee tracucn o stem to-day gave out that
It rein take the precaution of providing
cca£*actors ar.d -motormen on sc.burban
cars with revolvers and they will be ex
pected to use tiK'm in case of a hold-up.
The canacement of the Huntin^ton
system, which 'derates lines to many
outside towsa, tua not made publlo Its In
tentions, bst there are rumors that the
crews will be provided with means 'df're>
siscir^ the aitaria of hlshwaj'men.
The police have rounded up every
ia town upoa whoa, suspicion might fall,
cut no charge haa been preferred against
a=y one cf them, and no tangible clew
has been discovered.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 2S.— A reward of
$300 is offered by the Cai;fornla Pkclflo
Electric liailway ' Company for the cap
ture of the men who held up and robbed
a San Pedro car a mile and a half beyond
the city limits at 9 o'clock last night. The
notice oCerinx the reward reads "dead or
alive,"
Cciapany Offers a Reward for
Arrest of i he Daring
Highwaymen.
all Street Discusses Secre
tary Shaw's Plan to la*
crease Deposits,
Loan Increase Is -But
Measure of Money
\.; Inactivity.
No Trace Found of Men
Who Held Up an
Electric Car.
STOCK MARKET
CLOSING FIRM
BOBBERS ELUDE
THE DETECTIVES
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
29
SPECIAL OFFER TO MEN
Expires September 1st
11 'ii ¦ In Yiaw of there hmiixg mo many afflicted with
•""""^v^Vftiv special an* chronio diseases, who axe treating with
f quack «pe>cialists «ad laaxpcrlenoed physicians
/ \m without receivtac any benefit, I nav« decided xo
/ Sn8 makt a special offtr to charr* only one-half of
PK «« my regrolar fee for curinr those who axe now nn-
tSl ,jS derg-oing- treatment elsewhere and are dissatisfied,
rn «>** vj] provided they come to ins befors September 1,
t j$y 1903. Por instance, If you arc affected with cither
\ /&•£•/. ./ Iicst Strength, Varicocelo, Hy droc el e, Stricture,
<&¦ !>^»'i!b if ZTerrous Decline, Tiles or Buptnre — my charjr e for
I x curing' which, without any complication, is 350 — I
LK : A will cure you for $25, and accept the money in any
A 'Apfr V way you wisn xo pay. Z will also cuxe Contagious
V*^>\ A Blood Poison for $SO, which is Just half my regnlar
*/l /' f»e. This liberal offer is made to enable those to
j&\ ' be cured who have spent money in doctoring- with-
dr. holsmak. out relief, and to show the many; who have treated
The Master Spe- with dozens of physicians without relief thai X
pi>iJi«t. - I have the only methods that produce a lifelong- core.
If you cannot call at my office, wnta me your symptom* fully. Many cases can
be cured « home. TREE BOOK describing my specialty at office or by mall,
Cl/ II niOll 111 U n 729 Market Street, Top Floor.
, Ki HULomAlij Wi^iy y^trg*** Dally;. Sunday, 9 to 42
< tbe favorite gbampagne \
WILLIAM WOLFFS CO.
Pacific coast agents !
EVERY WOMAN
* * J tt 1 1 intcroted and should ksio^r
• ¦ about t*L£ WOCG6tlt4
*\^y*S?®j\ UADVCf WH1RXJ2IO
•JMm'"*nuL spray
VW 1 -^*^^? i \ : 1 be new Vaylail SyxlBCIk
WnVk^H 1 - \\\^\ V 1« ' Injection and Suction.
1\V^SS^3>^« fiat— Safest— Most Coo.
venient. ItCletlft
7«s&^^^to^-. ' . .laatjjrttr.
Ask jear Irmtt f w It. \V ISbwtmn • * • w£* i— r
If he crninot »«pp»T «»« " Vj 4S$yf> -_
MARTKIj. «ccept no . ~ *. • , 'i*z£%P9tr~
other, bot lend st»mp fertile*. Vk j f
tntedhoci— SOnIed. it^T-sftitt * *^,"/ •'•/^f
particclan »a<1 dirrrtictw itrr*!ua&!« ¦ " ¦T?'Jw_- "* iff
tol»<li«- MABVBI.CO..,
Room 203. Tun— B£x~ Ktw Torlc. y**A** r
iras8\i\/EAk : M : EN
kK0*?&S Dli. HALL'S REINVIG^RATOR
KSB ItoM stops all losses -and unnatural di»-
M a charges ia Z4 hours.- Toa'feel as
By* P5H Improvement from- the f.rst dos<».
r&P\ VnH We have so much confld*nc« la ou?
LUlli liliil treatment that we 4tter • Fi»a
EgS K>Q Hundred reward for any caa« w«
KmmSiaaaBBi cannot cure. This secret remedy
cures lost cower, nightly tmWsioss. wasted or.
raas. varicocele. gleet. strt«ar«s. kldaeys. fa»-
lng memory, dr^laa. in the ¦ urtn«. g9M*rho*a,
disease of the crcstate glands and all otaei
teiTibl«"«aects of self-abuse cr excess**, whlcij
lead on to consumption and de«tlu PoAtir-ly
cures the worst cases In old or youa* or thai
mortifying condition, quickness of th« di*-
charge, and wantln* to do. and you cant . 6«nt
¦raled. »2 p«r bottle, three bottles. W. Coa*-
onteed to cure any case*
Call cr address orders HALL'S MEDICAIi
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for «ale at 1C73U Market St.. B. T. Send
for freo book. '
ma era t& i ra i3T »bj21
ta B a Ha es MSS S SSSSb El
g M S c^ffl wl a. V^ Mi
ADVExtTiszaoarrs.
I B. KATSCHINSKI j
3 2 Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
I/O THIRD STREET, SAK FRANCISCO. |
AijcislHf Call SulldlEff. a
I THE PRICE AHO STYLE
\ SHOULD INTEREST YOU |
! " -Tee f-siidal we offer this week will B
3 ccitainiy appeal to the ladies, as f
! th»re is a daintiness and style »
j about it that rr»ake«r-lt popular at |
: sight. The acme of _jJerfection in R
: Ct, (jDalStH and workinanship, and E
particularly adapted- for partie?. H
B balls and receptions. Ladies' finest fi
M rtd kid -.:.'•¦•->!:..;• sandals, plain ffj
H toin toes, hand-turned soles and H
M hi^h French heels; OCR PRICE ||
8 ONLY #1.^.*>; sizes Zli to 7»i. |
I CERTAINLY A BARGAIN'
jj It Is always our aim and object to
i j offer the best values possible to our I
! customers, but still it is seldom a
M that we can place on the market a g
[j complete line first class in every I
|* way and sell at such a low price. I
H I-«dies' vici kid lace ehoes, circular I
[1 vamps and heel foxirifr, coin toes I |
tj and patent leather tips, military I
li heels and f air-stlfhed soles with I
\\ extension edges. THE PRICE RE- S \
U DUCED TO J^l.TO A PAIR; sizes H I
H 2H to £. widths AA to EE. l\
1 WILL INTEREST PARENTS I
I- OUR INTERESTS ARE 1DEN- g
M TJfAL IN* THIS CASE. You nro H
[i looking for first-class shoes that Eg
H can be bought cheap, while we are ¦
[•] disposing of tirst-class lines at H
H greatly reduced prices. Misses' and f
H children's finest vici kid and box |
M calf lace shoes, coin toes and tips I
ij solid soles with extension edges and I
\i rprir^ heels. Sizes bunched togeth- I
u cr: widths D and E. k
E Child's eizes, 6 to 8 fJOc I
B Child's sizes. 8% to 11 UOv I
|j Missts' sizes, 11^ to 2 ..fc»J.O."»|
1 SiPlSfij^B^J^A'ififlstJi rfn In
R e& n| w fLTK&jM MLjfLEfffl-jBMlr
I V.'e den't guarantee to fill coun- P
¦ try crdcrs en sale Ehoes. p
;b, katsckinski I
pj Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
JOE ROSENBERG'S. -| .-¦ JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S., \ . J0E BOSEirBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S.
7 And Yours if y Q» T^ke Advantage of These Offerings.
U* 5a^^^^^^^^5r^^ ® t No March winds, Why Not Have Comfort and Ease It Will Be Many Moons Before You
.^^T^^^^^^ i M Ut n S ° lid fa<^' Jiffi? Y ™ n J uy d <^ m Bu ? RlbbQn8 at as Low
. . jff\ • i ar e not satisfactory. h P r a '« 3 'jfi We ttre bavln |je % —~
A^^^^^^ff A^k RDinFQ nettier and Prettier Brow Our wi d dthi al 9 3 ~to 1^ *¦—^*i-^w-
To M . t?o» French '" /iL ™ ™';' M „» EmbrOldBrlBS . lOcayard
W^ IS: effect ° P th n at W wi A aSw^raSS 'SS *, And here are .om 9 at low Width 1M. n 0W 15c a yard
H/f S°il W S^SfcfiffiWS tsM B^Bl^Clh^l "W ** Air, Natural as Life."
ror ..^loc 3< ~*as??5S»S ¦ mfa'tfi^^^ Pneumatic Bust Forms.
,-. . _ a r tt ii it 0 ii w in it. ii j \i ft m¥m\ mm wav tviawtt. t»T'4'+Mj** ' n oliterent widths; 2 to 13 * ¦ j< * mii "» i ' < ' ¦»—»•«
Here's Some Good RudwArii Have You All the Underwear You AAN gKn^h^g ¦ *9Rg ¦ SfSJT— 12c #* £USS Sft-SSSSt
That Came Our Way at Low Prices. Heed? Mzl" S" f »*&^? l SS i^S n5?..?^!r..^::::::::|8S ff BSf^Si JS? uc . e n s d pl 5SS?
GENTS' HAXDKERCinEFS, made of If not, her© Is soma o£ the sood kind jAf^^^S! the TDOXjLaSL HOB- 65c quality now... 40c J V wal » t d-creed by the latest
rood heavy lawn, hamstitched and hand- at very low prices. / / "\\ trvn oxase fe CO /±^v«\ fashion. Pronounced by emi-
made irduLst A bo^Sfalx for.fsOctox OUB^ MoAo Is nerer to carry roods i -ft oK ' <8?^Sll fcSfc RhatfllalnO RfllT^ S YTO »«t women inore an Inaplra-
INDIES* HANE-iXERCHTEFS. mado from one season to tha other; hence th« (j , jf OEBT'^UTO rXlTBHT UUdlBIOinB Ddgdi - / KJ*y "on than an invention. "Na-
of EnKllsh cloth, narrow hemstitched, reduction. -^-j™ -_„- ' ' J**r& > PAOTOEIES XJT THE ¦ LADIES' and CHILDREN'S at one- I CWT ture ¦ ogy i [J^ ted nu^ a J?
¦of tmlon doth, narrow hemstitched. AMI/ ¦»•«» Si I^ m .hv^m TAKB THEM BACTJE BAaTABB FAT trimmed, others leather covered; all Phrlca
No\r ; 3c aplec« /Ly&gf XrZSX ft t* »«h OW THEM 3.H SQZ.D iueda lined, patent clasp, to be attached blallSB
,„ ... . n ... {tf&M of °S now S hlt - In5 {^ THEM TO US AT THIS IXBERAI, to your waiat or dress. HIP PAD and BUSTLE, most natural
Attention! Diasr Makers, T - coyanxBJ1 CHEMISE , g ssagSSw:::::::::::::::::::::::::5P,S iss %Z SSbin^ in.?^.'^
CHIC AND STYLISH LACES AT •»» English thread. Swiss and OOWNS, CORSET COVESS, SKTBTS 11.00 quality now 5Oc Imported Fateen and filled with stertl-
LOW PRICES. • . Richelieu ribbed, summer weights— A1T3> DRAWEES, ETC. $1.50 auallty now. 75c Ized KEESER'S hair (tho cury kind),
. Black allover lace webbinjr of net, IT „ High neck, short sleeves.. 17c THBT ABB XAOE OP CAHBBIC8, - ¦- trimmed with lace; very light In weight.
Inches wide. In the new ribbon lace ef- High neck, long sleeves...:..... g5c Jl^ 3^^^?^^^^?^??-^^?? 1 " I 8(1 8S 1 SlimFTIPr WrannPR • also price 85c
feet pattern, now 4O<5 CORSET COVERS, made of English "f^SSSrSS^T^^SSS?.^^ . LdUWft ..OUIUUIBl • IIldJI|lW5i .
¦ 'M' RnvaiWnrpfi'stRr Corutt SSTwiSgJjS %™?Ltll?^ 0 * 0^ C< %X ££ £ 7 lL*e ' • Scarce, but Not So Here.
4J$ . Koyai Worcester uorseis, »« a g ?h.JSS n tJ «?&• K: %^d ?^i? T ii= D 498 3 Als ? AM^i™: dk ASfplfwfalk r^#, s> 0P ? 0 N
Mk " the Genuine Kind." * -^^r^^^^^S 1 !? THSv SA i£? E 5A?E W - ?i£ v &
¦ s- "* u «»»"* 1 '"*' i»nmi .. TiA DIES vli.sia, low necK ana no better twax Tt.T.nrrr.Aft. aoavtn t*A »» mm ± ''. «. * « n t twn-np»ri ria^n^ in white onlv
/jJ*. Made of imported sateen; »^v«' d -?^ SSh^thfSS' SSSms A3 iS£ ™%SS "SSSS Wk oS'ftrSl.^Ruina o^r rte ™« wlVpay gSHnf >lS" but yo^
dluio or stout torois; Barter I aitlo«' P.nmhinatinn ua, Dr »»"™. resular «c quality, now.. 85o _ ., ,' Flnlshrf with a ietv flounce. JHonflnnl Cfnut V.'nmaa
/Tvir" attachtaent At *rmon«y- LSUIBS UOniUlHallUII dliltS. *3f Drawers, regular 50c quality, now.. HBc Reducing stock and redudnz prices. AHSNllOfl! OIOUI (lOlflSUi
* Mi- ta%1nsstor S1.S» M««« ot sllk-nnlshed lisle. /\ S2"S JgSSj S" *SS5 r '«'!SJ r "i8 o ' 8 ° C Her. is some hosUry we'v. .e-^K,
¦f o ThnsaWa Know and Thnsa We iSS^^SSSr^SS - (M) S SSr 11 * ¦ Filet Lace Insertion. *SS!&SSirS£;-3£
Monday and Tuesday only; .made of to P* symmer weignt. chemise, regular 75e quality! now 45c lace pattern, full 4 Inches wide. Now.. AnOinSfa
&^km% Si Be Our Red Letter 1g||iflg|Pl| *£fr Are Look.ng ¦ " = ££^Hj~B
Ladies' Shirt Wat the Newest Pl^^^llli^^^^ii for StyllshVells Come to the __. Some Mor B ._
LUUIOO Ulilii liuroioj me iionogi reent with a deep accordion Corset Covers, 25c quality, now. 15c i5^5». HnnPV-SflV I H CT JstfirP made of English thread, velvet- finish.
' firPfltinn '•¦' flounce, finished with a silk-finished rib- Corset Covers. 40c quality, now 25c ' Ji'V'r* ' llluliO J «»»i"5 WIWIOi white soles. Just the stocking for ten-
--..,. , UICHIIUU. • ¦-'. bon: shaped yoke so as to fit snugly to Corset Covers, 50c quality, now 35c PE^SflT The new " firape veil, der feet. Now 25c
'Made of imported Iron xrSV the form. o Instead of Jo.00, our red-letter *%XW-cSeL-!jTl for hat or rallllnery _ . , , , _, ,
irarae, aJpaca; front tucked ffC&V^\ day price...-. 55^..:>o Iff. Wnrth RomomhorinO* 4^^Rfr»oS»k Purposes, 4S inches &A In I flVPIlnPr flnfl HlPPV
in V yoke; also tucked in fiVg B • • .11 0 llUlIll n8 ilieiliUSringi r^^^^^A long, made of silk chif- < &$L »' LdlCllUCl dllU OldLjfti
¦baoK: military straps over t»TTl«w Ihp IrKfPftn flf Rllf ' I a \/!J« ..j ill n fl- i i /IroSwWM' fon > wltn satin hem- XipT\ If vou like either of the38
shoulder: tight- fitting back; IUU IllblddU Ul UUli. L8 V Q3 300 W. Bi GO^tS 8t / ES?«^^ I etltched borders, In 3&H cc^ora h«e 1* yow ¦oDDor-
blouse /ront: Lady Jean LADIES 1 CROATS or COLLAR and UU "•«... "' UUI0Cl ° Ul lilfUlJ brown, blue, black and /^v^V t?nity to buy ladles* sUk
sleeve; in white, .ro-yal and. VfjW TIE COMBINED, rp.ade of Scotch Chev- flnP-Ha f Pr PP Jk-M.l*-*J* white. Nov/ ."JOe **&&&[ vests for 2?c Low neck
black. THe money savins /***.'. lot or Madras doth. In striped or UIIB Hdll TIIbB, /^^^ and no sleeves, swlss rib-
store's price -S-.^S dotted effects; good washing kind The s-s-j^, They **• «am- TKfl If OW nf filir RllPPOCC ' Wo QqII H TV* 7 bed, neck and arm hole*
_ , ¦ t , -- . „ _ quality stores' price..... 15c O^VSvV^xi P 1 " ¦»« will to. InB KBJ 01 Ulir OUCCBSS • VYB OCll \Lg^>7 lace trimmed. We are over-
TrV Jl Pflir nf thP K.L NT • •'¦ i n » ¦ <3*&&/7l<4%c/s worth your ia- «• Hi* A4 un r4. nn \frW5I stocked In these colors.
• ".. . i ii « ¦ i I Cent. \^ , M «peotioa* if w« as we Aavertise. p^jf hen Ce the . O w P nce ..soc
Hook-On Hose Supporters. ladies- .or gexts; wash ties. SffJI^SS t££*JL£g*™'. Instead of $2 and S2 5D Now 50c -Arniinri thP Small Store With the
It atti"hes to the front of the coraet, made of good "white lawn, 34 Inches also hand embroidered. This season-; l»MMa "• ** dHU OZ.OU,nOW OUU AlOUlta IIIB 0111311 OlUltf YYIIU IHB
' has a^cUrVca pad^and four rows T of loti *'> Hmited quantity. Now.lc apiece newest shapes. , LADIES' COMBINA- C ma l1 p r |i»oe
• Frilled el«^. P Phytrclans recommend .. •. op flR *«. 82^)0 Quality-Sample Price. . .ai.OO J 1 ?^^^^,.? 00^ ' €? i. £ ,
them. They -t^o'thfi 'strain away ZUeMSi 53.50 QuaUty— Sample Price. . .fl^To a P a d , "w^.f^^ntot^ X <T> TAPE MEASLES. CO.inchw long.
from theback. and give the required dip FvmmmFHT Th* eood havr kind 85.00 Quality— Sample Prioe. . .§2.75 £&. levant ai J d^ Uisat 8 r 1 V Now .Piece le
ftSRWa "d;. pink, blue b£c£ ¦^ff c £^ll^&"£ l £&. V*0 Quality-Sample Price. . MM nt ' J I' * iSlff^ "^UkWhS^Su 111 ?!?
pnce • " oc buttonhole edge. \t the Price Cutter's.- Etc.. Etc. Etc. , steel frames; the kind m I of IJallan shell, looks like tne reai^but
' -Ta VUAmiit U/hA ¦fnnuio the yard #*. ....2c : ' . you cannot lose money -J\ not n p "°
t J!v'S22£J^«fiL™!i: Black- Velvet Hibbon. You Can Find m m g « >~VWS%$:- * « Time-Savers, or Mending Tissue.
monos; Made of colored _ .Uiuwn f biioi l iwmuii. UlhprO hilt Nrtt !»f ThoCO " Prtce 5Oc Used for repairing ladles' and eentle-
• lawn Mikado sleeves, wide ' - m lwami Satin' back, full flllClOi JJ U I 11 U I dl lllCOC . , -» . - '. ;: ¦ „ ' • — , men's garments and. a hundred other
. F ' of doilies; ; Arguments. aB d JSS^iiS'Ui 1 ta
Cheaoness and (3ood Oualitv Are • M?Vfe-" ::::: - ::: li E ' ) f- ft*^
Cheapness ana booayuamy Are L __-j &~%z&t£5%' T $p h^iS&F?;^^^
'¦¦¦ Here- COmmned. .. . n „ ift - „ ... ]k • -^l-clal.... Piece §c stainless. intanorblack;now lOc Wnd. reversible, harness buckle. Now^
DRESS SHIELDS-Bpught from the MOnClay v UUT^ KQIIinan 1-UaV Veiling — *'ilEATHER''BELTS^Shapedtofltth«i
1 ! iftF RHQFMRFRH the price-gutter
SSK- liUOLt1IDLI\U , Russian Bath Towels. • m
stance inside-; wasnable and odorless. The GOOD ILLUSION or MALINE . . QIC Marbof Qfroof II fl'Fnt-f-oll Cfronf SO Inches wide and 40 Inches long:
15c quality now *..'. : «c at LOW PRICES, double width. In pink,' OtX> lYldlKet 011661. II U rarrCll OlreCl. the good - heavy, fringed ends.
20c .quality now *........:'. 8c, bine, cream, white, black. Spcdal.'.lOc . . . V,; MAIIi ORDEES SOLICITED. " Now ......Piece Oc
' • ADVESTISEMENTS.
J CASH or I
V CREDIT i
9 1 Extra Specjal All This Week 1
S0C-5I> WILLOW O« ; .00 4
COO ROCKER for 0* : I
J , Ah easy, comfortable chair, suit- 'C
i able for any room in the house. JJ
- J We are complete house furnish- r™
\ ers, hotels, flats or country homes.
K% Free delivery within 100 miles. \
f J. BRILLIANT i
P FURNITURE CO.,
\ 338-342 Post St. fREPORTS of interviews with Sir Thomas Lipton are to the effect that he concedes the supe
iiority of the Reliance over Shamrock III and is eager to sail the last race of the match
and have it over. Furthermore he is said to have declared a conviction that no yacht
builder in Great Britain can rival the American builders who have constructed yachts to
defend the cup, and he virtually announces that he will not issue another challenge. (The decision
to withdraw is not in any sense a proof that he is a "quitter," in sporting phrase, but that he has
sense enough to recognize that he is beaten and to make up his mind not to waste further time, en-
The most careful students of the subject are at a loss to understand the unbroken continuity
of victor'es that have attpnded our yachts in the contests for the America's cnp. At one time it was
believed that the American type of yacht was superior to the British, but there is no longer any
difference in the type. It was then suggested that British yachts being constructed for the compara
tively stormy seas around the British islands were at a disadvantage when competing with American
yachts in the light breezes and over :he qi'iet seas off 'Sandy Hook. Such a 'disadvantage, if it ev:r
existed, does so no longer, for of late years the British challengers have carefully iludied the Amerl
can waters, and are as familiar with the course, the channels, currents and the prevailing winds
during the yachting season as are our own builders. Their challenging yachts therefore have been
constructed to meet the requirements of the Sandy Hook course, and we have had no advantage over
them in that respect.
Sir Thomas Lipton is quoted as saying "the brains of boat building" are on this side of the
water, and it is probable we shall have to accept that theory for the lack of a better, but it is by no
means satisfactory. Credit is now given to the Herreshoffs, but; we were winning yachting races
right along before the Herreshoffs began to construct them. Nor is it strictly true that boat-building
brains are all on this side of the water. The British shipbuilders are among the best in the world, and
they are every year launching t warships, ocean liners, steamships and sailing vessels of all kinds for
merchant service that average fully as well as those our own yards turn out.
Thus, after all, the question reverts whether there may not be more in the man than there is
in the yacht. There seems every evidence that the American yachting crews handle their boats
much more quickly and effectively than the British yachts are handled. Moreover the superiority of
the American over any European in all matters requiring an 'exercise of skill and dexterity has been
proven in nearly all lines of competition, and it is therefore not unreasonable to ask that a match be
arranged to test the crews instead of the yachts. - ¦ . ,
The retirement of Sir Thomas Lipton from the contest does not mean that the cup will re
main in our hands unchallenged. It is announced that the Canadians purpose to enter the lists, and
have already raised $100,000 to start the construction of a Canadian challenger. The new venture is
rendered the more interesting by the announcement that if^the scheme be carried out the Canadians
will man their yacht with a crew of gentlemen yachtsmen. That would put a new issue in the con
test, a'nd would go far toward reviving the old-time interest that has been well nigh exhausted by
the one-sidedness of the recent matches. '
That ancient and .interesting : 'od<l«iyj the family- sk iletoiv seems to 'be having its day now in
the courts of California. Several will contests, now in prospect or. promised; are casting the shadows
of salacious developments. If this sort of thing continues a 'family skeleton as well as a family tree
will be necessary as a credential to good breeding. • ' ;
JL he dispatches informed us the other day that a; highwayman, evidently .skilled in -the arts of
his calling, held up; an Oregon stage. 'There; is^lwaysan element of satisfaction, bonv of -the perver
sity of human nature,' in the knowledge that an operator,, in whatever field he may work, is master
of. hii profession.
OXJPt Y^OHTXlSrG- VICTORIES.
"As a result, messages which' formerly
took from five to six hours from Home to
New York are now transmitted In much
less than an hour. A number of the bul
letins up r on the Pope's condition were
transmitted from the Vatican, which is
over two miles from the central telegraph
office in Rome, to New York In twelve,
fourteen and sixteen minutes.
"This Involved transmission by tele
phone from the Vatican to the Associated
Press office adjoining the central tele
graph bureau in Rome, dispatch by tele
graph to Paris, relay to Brest, and ca
bling by the French Cable Company
to New York, and finally retransmission
by 6hort wire from the New York office
ot the French Cable Company to the main
office of the Associated Press in the
Western Union building, 195 Broadway.
"One bulletin thus transmitted occupied
precisely nine minutes from the Vatican.
When the condition of the Holy Father
became critical, competent men were or
dered to Rome from London, Paris and
Vienna to assist the local Italian bureau.
Notwithstanding the formalities which
must be observed, they were able to put
themselves In touch with the authorities
at the Vatican in such fashion as to en
able them to present a graphic picture at
all times. Including the most minute de
tail, and the information' was forwarded
with amazing celerity. "
"It is interesUn* to note ti^t '* *re-
The Illness and death of Pope Leo^CIII
created an Immense amount of cable and
telegraphic traffic. Melville P. Stone, gen
eral manager of the Associated Press,
says on the subject: "The telegraphic
service from Rome was the result of ar
rangements effected last year. Upon the
suggestion of Ambassador Cambon, M.
Delcasse, the French Minister of Foreign
Affairs, took a lively interest in' the work
of expediting the Associated Prens ser
vice. He not only enlisted his colleague,
the Minister of Posts and Telegraphs cf
France, In the work, but instructed M.
Barrere, the French Embassador to Italy,
to use his good offices with the Italian
Government. SIgnor GallmbertI, the Ital
ian Minister of CommunicaUons, joined
heartilyin the effort. 4
After receiving Governor Taft's reply
to his message President Roosevelt gave
to the operator a message for Clarence
H. Mackay, then at his side. This mes
sage was to girdle the world, using the
new cable for the first and longest ocean
stretches. The operator sent it off west
ward at 11:23 p. m., and in twelve min
utes took it again from his sounder, com
ing from the Azores, via Canso and New
York.
THE message se=t on July 4 by
President Roosevelt at Oyster
Bay, I* I., to Governor Tall at
Manila Inaugurated an enterprise
¦which sSgnais another step on the part of
the United States Into the arena. of the
world's affairs. The Pacific cable, an all-
American line, some &>Qp miles long, per
mits talking to our Philippine dependen
cies without giving foreigners knowledge
of what we are saying. Then It cuts the
cost of our talks enormously and at the
same time puts the money therefor Into
the pockets of our own people.
President Roosevelt's Initial message
was sent at 10:40 p. m. overland to San
Francisco and thence by the new cable,
\ia Honolulu, Midway and Guam, to Ma
nila. At 11:19 p.m. Governor Taft's reply
was received. Twenty-nine minutes to
Manila and return, as against several
hours by the European-Oriental route.
The accompanying pictures, reproduced
from the Scientific American, show some
Interesting features of the work at the
Manila *nd of the cable.
such great numbers unless there 'was a
ui-.r.and for them, and as so very f«w
books are yet announced fo^ autumn pub
lishing by. modern or new tcaUtors, _lt
looks as ii many people prefer. old books
to ner- ! ,:. ¦- f
Both authors and p^blKhers. over here
are seemingly beginning to manifest once
more discontent with the present state of
the copyright law, and now that the slack
season is on some writers are' making an*
effort to brii^,' what they rail their griev
ance against America berore . sympathiz
ing members of Parliament with the view
of having the copyright act revised.^ ?
They point out that in Its present stats
the law is all in favor of Americans. It
Is thought rather unfair Jthat while the
American author can secure copyright ia
England by the- mere simultaneous pub
lication from stereos an English author
has to get his book both set up and print
ed in America to secure the copyright
there. The effect of the law is that in
many cases no copyright is secured In
America. One angry author— probably a
sufferer who failed to secure his copy
right in America— writes to the. Daily Mail
that piracy is as rampant to-day as it
ever was, while Bernard Shaw cries*
"Abolish copyright altogether!"
LONDON, A -Mr 29.— The ratber sud
den death of Phil May hai. some
what precipitated the publication
of the edition de luxe of his work
which Mr. Thacker had in ~rog
rcss .
The artist selected a large number oi'
sketches out o( those that will appear in
'the new volume as being his favorites,
and the must popular with the general
public, such as represented • his best ef
forts. A short biographical sketch by one
who knew him intimately will preface
the publication.
Some of the chief publishers have now
begun to publish autumn lists. So far
the absence of new books Is rather re
markable, while the number of reprints
is extraordinary. Messrs. Methuen, one of
the most powerful and enterprising of
'comparatively new houses, announce
more than 200 reprints, including Shape
speare and ' a complete set of Dumas.
These reissues are in various styles,
ranging from a magnificent photograph
ical reproduction of each of the four fo
lios of Shakespeare from the perfect
copies down to the cheapest but daintiest
booklets. As it is perfectly certain that
these reprints •would not be published in
"This dispatch, reduced to the smallest
possible proportions, consisted of two
words: 'Temps, Paris.' The charges were
altogether 8 francs 30 centimes (Jl 66) a
word. The system is so perfect that, not
withstanding the extreme brevity of the
dispatch, there was no delay otherwise
than that due to ordinary stoppage of
the line; there were necessary only a few
verbal explanations at the office In the
Rue de Grenelle, where the unaccustomed
form of the document excited the surprise
of the employe?.
"We must not confound the speed of
transmission of electricity with that of
telegraphic messages. The former Is com
parable to that of light, but it is .not in
dependent of the nature of the conduc
tors over which the current passes. Ac
cording to Tizeau's experiments; made In
1850, it is 180,000 kilometers (111.600 miles)
a second in copper wire and falls to 100,000
(62,000) in Iron. • • • In transoceanic
cables It is much less and falls to a few
thousand kilometers, more or less, accord
ing to the length and construction of the
cables. The transmission In this case Is
complicated by phenomena of electrostatic
tension like those that occur In a Leyden
jar. The theory of these effects is very
complicated, but at the same time it has
been well worked out. It is one of the
most delicate and. most remarkable divi
sions of electrical science. The compari
son of the results obtained on the Pacific
cables with those of the Atlantic or the
Indian Ocean may carry It. to a still
higher degree of perfection."
The sending of the first telegraphic
message around the world took about ten
minutes. But the time of this diepatch.
of course, does not represent the regular
working speed of the various cables tra
versed by it. Says "W. de Fonvielle. in
Cosmos (Paris, July 11):
"All along this Immense line instruc
tions had been given; ordinary messages
had been stopped and everywhere the most
skillful operators were at their posts with
the most perfect apparatus. The speed of
transmission was thus very great, but it
represents neither the real velocity of
electricity nor the speed of commercial
telegraphy.
"Consequently the journal Le Temps
was desirous of making a much simpler
and much more instructive trial. With
out previous notice it sent from its of
fice In Paris a circular dispatch. This re
turned about six hours after its de
parture, which took place on July 3 at
11:35 a. m. ¦¦: ¦'? . >- ".: -^ ,-<
Mr. Stone said he had cabled his ap
preciation of- the service to the French
and Italian Ministers of Foreign Affairs,
as well as to the postal authorities and
chief director of the French Cable Com
pany.
quently took less time to transmit a bul
letin from the Vatican than to send one
by wireless telegraphy from Sir Thomas
LJpton's Erin off Sandy Hook. Finally,
the bulletin announcing- the Pope's death
was received In New York In time to
transmit It to London and deliver it to
the papers of the British capital In ad
vance of the receipt of a like bulletin di
rect from Rome."
THE LATE PHIL, MAY, FAMOUS SNGLTSH CARTOONIST, BY -WHOSE
» RECENT DEATH THE -'WORLD LOSES ONE OF ITS CLEVEREST
ARTISTS IN BLACK AND ""VIHTd.
V It is well tiiat all these considerations be frequSntfy *put before the public' The pamphlet just
issued notes the objections? to existing and proposed® forest reservations tp be: «That they prevent
the building of railroads, sawmills and lumber<£amps in the counties^affec'ted^ they interfere with the
grazing of cattle and'-sheep'i.they dfnrinishHhe timber supply. • © ©
Answered in tufn,-it is shown that railroads built to f|ke (flit lumber and strip the moun
tains, instead of developing, destroy the resources of'the country, leaving IJarrenness and desolation.!
As concerns grazing, the records show that last year by permit 1,15 1,273 weejj'^snd 459,137 .cattle
and horses grazed in. the forest reservation?. The f .Governmenf will not permit overstocking of the
mountain range, which causes destruction . of the young timber. Within that limitation grazing is
permitted, and not only the timber but the pasturage is preserved thereby. The reservations do not
shut off the supply of timber for economic use. They stop the destructive lumbers^, "which, being
followed by fire, destroys all young growth: but a system is in tlie course of geyelopment by Whicji
all ripe timber will be harvested wjthout destrpying^the oncoming crop, ' thus giving permanency to
the forest.
Finally the issue between the lumbermen and the foresters is summed uj£in this: "The oov
ernment has been running a get-i'ich-quick department for a considerable number of its citizens,
but the day for that sort of work is about over. The enormous fortunes that have beeii piled up by
taking and stripping the forest lands have been got at the expense of the people by destroying one of
the great natural resources of the land. We want no more of it on this coast. There is not lumber
enough in all the Sierras to pay for the destruction of the fertility of • the valley land. The people
should co-operate with the Government, instead of hindering its work, in preserving -the watersheds
that lie above that rich territory." ;
orr.te m contact with the colcler air that covers.^t from the Aleutian archipelago to Saii Diego.' This
moisture precipitates mostly along tljp coas^:. The supply .grows less the other side of the Sierra Ne
vada arid Cascade ranges, and everywhere it requires the* protection .of the forests' that it 1 may be held
ice the uses of man. "Without it the soif has no fertility aiid bears no fruity .
Therefore these geiitlemen are standing %uard over the' fruit fulrjess o^the, earth wher> they ad
vise the preservation of the forests.^ The 'forests aje nature's o reservoir, and art cannot replace them,
for the reioon that to dotheirioffice in saving moisture would require a total expenditure that would
exhaust the wealth of 'the, world. . o - # * 3 •
f ¦ HE,. Water and Forest Association has issued a pamphlet to set forth the need of forest pres-
I ervation in this^ State, and in vindication of the policy; of the Federal Government in tempo
i rarily withdrawing the forests on the public domain while examination is made into the
. . . ' necessity for their- preservation. In answering the objections to forest reservations, and espe
cially those made to the proposed reserve in Northern California, the pamphlet submits some statis
tics, statements of fact and disclosures of a proper forest policy, which should be widely circulated.
They dispel many illusions, which were responsible for the original opposition to scientific fprestry,
and which still supplyj what antagonism remains.
It was in the beginning 'assumed tfiat forestry, meant the complete sequestration of timber and
its withdrawal from economic use. As wood and lumber figure so largely in the economic?, of the
people, this "Iview of a forest policy was at onc'e antagonized by a majority. The people cannot light
a candle/ or have a newspaper without the use f t>f wood. Upon it depends the shelter furnished by
their houses, arid, to a majority |>f them/ the wa/mth-'of their firesides 'and the means of cooking
their food. ,,,No wonder, then, that when Luther Harrison and Pinchot and Fernow began their cam
paign' for the. salivation of American" forests they; were regarded as»a pernicious sort of cranks
who did not know what they wer'e talking about. Nqw, ho'wever, the, knowledge is spreading tliat !
they want to make permanent the supply of matches, paper pulp ami ' shingles, lumber and fire
wood, and, instead of cutting off the s'upply of these, to make their use" always possible by, preserv-"
ing the forests, harvesting them properly When ripe for the ax and guarding the oncoming growth,
to the end that the supply may be as permanent as the jdemand and equal to its progressive increase.
This, being understood,, has caused jthe supposed cranks' to be 'regarded by intelligent people as the
conservators of the greatest and most necessary b of all the primitive resources provided by nature
for the uses of 'man. ® e . • *
Nor has all been said qi their 'work, when that much i§ conceded, Impinged upon that part
of their work is something that to us«on this coast, and in all tHe'arid region of the continent, is of
more importance than the permanent supply of timber. Tlie Atlantic seaboard gets its supply of
moisture from the ocean. The va^st interior is watered by evaporation from the great lakes. The Gulf
of Mexico extends its moisture ove*r Texas ancf far nBrth. The waterworks for our arid region are
far away. They lie beneath our feet and away b§low our horizon, soSth of the Philippine Islands,
where the Japan current starts on its long curve? warmed bv thp vertical sun of the equator, to evap^
PRESERVATION OF 1 THE FORESTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 30, 1903.
LONDON PUBLISHERS
ARE PREPARING PHIL MAY
BIOGRAPHIES.
THE SAN PRANCISCQ GALL.
JOHN D. SPKECKELS, Proprietor . '. '. . . . • . . - . : . . . Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Hanager
SUNDAY -...~: .\... :.-..; ..~~. AUGUST 30, igo.y
Publication Office <™^pli||*> •• Tliird and Market Streets, S. P.
MAY NOW CABLE 8000
MILES OVER AN AMERICAN
OWNED WIRE.
SCENES AT LANDING OF NEW PACIFIC CABLE AT MANILA END OF
THE LINE OVER WHICH PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT SENT HIS FAM
OUS AROUND-THE-WORLD MESSAGE.
30
The South McAlester (Indian Territory)
News relates that a negro criminaf In the
Choctaw Nation was so badly scared by
being, arrested that he turned an ashen
gray and has never recovered hia proper
color. —
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. • ¦
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound, in artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at. above Call bid* •
ADVEB.TISETffF.inS.In th« manufacture of cannon the ten
dency is toward reduced weight of gun
And projectile and Increased muzzle ve
locity. This gives added range and pen
.ctration-
The attendance at the Vienna Exposi
tion of 1873 was 7,254,687, and tho receipts
$6,971,S32; at Philadelphia m 187C the at
tendance was* 9,910,996. and the receipts
$3,813,724: in Paris, 1878, the attendance
was 16.032,725, and receipts $2,531,660; in
Paris, fourteen years ago, there was 28.
149,253 attendance ¦ and $8,300,000 receipts,
and in 1693 at Chicago 27339,621 attendance
and $14,117,332 receipts.— New York -Com
mTcicl. PSMfeBffifSSi^fffiyKTffPiBllfeKBt
Before the exposition gates are open
the city of St. Louis will have expended
and Is now committed to the expenditure
of $20,000,000. Of this amount $5,000,000 was
appropriated for the fair through the
Municipal Assembly; citizens of St. Louis
raised $5,000,000 more by private aubscrip
tion. By popular vote at a special elec
tion charter amendments were carried
which will enable the city to expend $10,
000.000 more.
The construction of the Philadelphia
Centennial Exposition cost S8.50O.OO0, that
of the Paris Exposition $9,000,000 and of
the Columbian Exposition $27,230,000. The
estimated cost of tho St. Louis fair is
$30,000,000. ¦¦¦¦>-:• .-¦
Every fair or exposition. International
or national, is announced as "tho great
est yet," and if all the figurea of prelim
inary announcements were justified the
success of each succeeding fair would be
to great as to make impossible any se
rious effort to compete with it at a suc
ceeding one. Bays the New Tork Sunr.
The St. Louis fair next year will be, it
is announced, twice as large as any for
mer exhibition. The Centennial Exposi
tion at Philadelphia covered 23G acres;
the Paris Exposition of 1899-1900 covered
23$ acres, the Columbian Exposition at
Chicago 63S acres, but the new world's
fair at St. Louis will cover 1180 acres.
Will Cover Twice the Area of Any
Former Exhibition and Will
4 . . Cost ?30,0O0,000.
ST. LOUIS FAIR AND
GEEAT FAIRS OF PAST
Greater London, which includes all the
suburbs, has a population of 6X51,372, aa
increase of Just under LO00.O00 in ten years,
more than half of which occurred in the
"outer ring." At the ages of 1£\ 20, 21 to
Co end 25 to 30 there are more than twice
as many females as males. It Is pointed
out in considering the excess of females
over males, account muet be taken of the
large number of female domestic servants
¦who are brought into London from the
country. London has 234,238 female ser
vants, and only 15.C3 men servants. Lon
don has less children than It has had for
many years, but it has more people over
O than ever before.
Population of Greater London.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 23.— A series of
flTM In the northwestern section of the
city lato this afternoon resulted in losses
aggregating about $17,000. The Lacy Man
ufacturing Company, manufacturers of
machinery, pipe, etc., eufured tr the ex
tent of about J1Q.O0O. partially insured.
The Pioneer Paper Company's plant,
near the Lacy buildings, was damaged
for an equal amount. A fire in 'he heart
of Chinatown destroyed n\*e or six build-
Ings, occupied as shops, lodgings, clubs,
etc. causing a loss of 55000, with little
if any insurance. ¦ Two cottages -on Alamo
street were al/o burned. The loss on
these is about 52500.
In an article published In the Magazine
Globus, Professor Singer of the Univer
sity of Prague asserts that the expedition
has ueen a failure and gives the public
no further knowledge than it has before
regarding Antarctic regions.
Professor Singer criticizes the action of
Professor Drygalski in changing the name
of Termination Island, discovered by the
American explorer, Wilkes,' sixty-three
years ago, and says that Von Drygalski' s
statement that the land said to. have been
discovered by Wilkes does not' exist has
not been proved, as the Gauss also passed
through that part of the ocean in uncer
tain weather.
BERLIN. Aug. 29.— The Gt/rman South
Pole expedition, which sailed from Kief on
the steamshlD Gauss August 11, 1901, un
der the leadership of Professor Ehrich
von Drygalski, has arrived at the island
of Bt. Helena.
German Antarctic Ex
pedition Homeward
Bound.
Northwestern Section
of the City Suffers
Heavy Loss.
SERIES IF FIRES
IN LOS ANGELES
STEAMER GAUSS
AT ST. HELENA
Two thousand automobile chairs with
seats for two persons will be for hire,
with or without chauffeur,>in the World's
Fair grounds at St. Louis.
The Canada Northern Rail* ay has ac
quired the Great Northern Railway ot
Canada, which id about 232 miles in
lenjrth and gives th* Canada Northern
an eastern outlet
Van Ness avenue. Six months
a"go he was afflicted by an attack of heart
failure, but was able to keep at his post
until" two months ago, when he took to
iiis bed, and, although conscious at al!
times, his strength grew daily le.«s and
yesterday, shortly after noon, he quietly
pasfed away.
Ke was well known throughout the city.
He will be greatly missed in the Tax Col
lector's office, not only by his co-laborers
there but alto by the public, which he
has faithfully served for the past quar
ter of a century. He was undoubtedly
one of the most valuable men employed
In that department. He was familiar with
every working and detail of the office and
was regarded as a^ veritable walking en
cyclopedia.
Besides these qualifications which en
abled him. to fill his post to such emi
nent advantage he was possessed of a
fine disposition and an affable and cour
teous manner which made for him a host
of friends.
Deputy Ben I. Salomon was at the head
HERMAN ENKLE, who for twen
ty-five years was a deputy in
the Tax Collector's office, died
yesterday at his residence, D20
OAKLAND. Aug. 23.— The annual ses
sion ot the District Lodge of Good Temp
lars opened this morning at Pythian Cas
tle and the morning was devoted to hear
ing the reports of the various committees.
The following officers of the District
Lodge were installed this evening: Del
egate to the Grand Lodge, which meets
In San Francisco October 13, O. L. Fisher
of Harmony Lodge of San Francisco;
district chief templar, A. C Banta of San
Jose: district vice templar. Mrs. S. A.
Saunders of Harmony Lodge, San Fran
cisco; district councilor. J. IL Tiobins.
Oakland Lodge No. 1S2; district secretary.
Mrs. C. R. Sain of San Francisco; dis
trict electoral superintendent, A. B. Tay
ton of Berkeley Lo«**e; district treasurer.
Edward Flntleman of Spring Valley
Lodge, San Francisco: district marshal,
C. West of San Francisco; district guard.
Mrs. M. Funston. El Capitar Lodge of
Fruitvale. The officers we 5 installed by
Deputy District Chief Templar Robert
Ingram of San Francisco.
Good Templars in Session.
Owing to the age of the young lady, her
mother objected. This morning Mrs.
Main hurried to San Francisco to stop the
marriage if pogfible. She was too late,
however, as the young couple had already
secured a license and they refused to
postpone the wedding. The mother finally
ga^fe her consent, and the marriage waa
performed by a Baptist minister.
Mrs. Meyers Is the daughter of II. IT.
Main, former proprietor of the Evening
Herald of this city. The groom was for
merly a street car conductor.
SAN JOSE. Aug. !!9.-Miss Bertha Main,
a popular young lady of this city, has
created a sensation among her friends
by suddenly marrying John C. Meyers
of San Francisco The young lady has
been visiting friends in the bay city.
Last evening she called up her mother,
Mrs. H. II- Main, on the telephone, and
to'.d her she would be married and not
to expect her home.
Marries the Man She Loves Much
Against the Wishes of
Her Mother.
YOUNG MISS OF SAN JOSE
SURPRISES HER RELATIVE
Weil -Known Deputy Tax
Collector Dies From
Heart Failure.
have headquarters at Native Sons' Hall,
while Stanford Parlor of, San Francisco,
tho swell parlor, will hold cut at the
VendOuic.
9 and Alameda about the same tiyie.
TVhlle awaiting the arrival of the vi$ltor3
there, will be an open alr,co"cert In St.
James square.
During the forenoon of September 9
there will be the parade in wraoh the Na
tive Sons, Native Daughters, the Pioneers
of Santa Clara County and Company B of
San Jose and Company I j o* Llvermore,
both of the Fifth Infantry, N. G. C, will
take part. It is expected that natives
from Santa Cruz and Monterey counties
will take part In the parade.
During the afternoon of that day there
will be literary exercises in St. James
square. Junior Past President Lewis F.
Byington will be president of the day and
Grand President R. H. McNoble will de
liver the oration. After the exercises
there will be visitations to. the various
headquarters, at each of which there will
be entertainment and dancing-.
The San Jose committee gives assurance
that the city will be beautifully decorated
and that every flag obtainable will be dis
played. An effort will be made to have
the tradespeople of the city take an active
part in the observance of the day.
Eagles* Hall. Curtis Hall, Belloll Hall.
Native Sons' Hall and Judge Benson's
courtroom have been secured as head
quarters by San Francisco parlors, while
one parlor. Twin Peaks, will put up a
large tent.
Piedmont. Orinda. La Vespers and Ga
brielle parlors of the Native Daughters
have also secured headquarters In which
they will entertain.
The Santa Clara County parlors will
VETERAN OF THE TAX COI^-
LECTOR'S OFFICE WHO
PASSED AWAY YESTERDAY.
Whereae. The Great Father of the Universe
lias seen fit to remove from our midst our
friend'and co-laborer. Herman BnWe. a ro-n
who by his faithfulness to duty, hi* urbanUy.
his universal kindness and consideration for his
fellows as well as toward the public gener
ally has left a void In pur hearts that time
can never heal: therefore, be It
Resolved. That the employes of the Tax Col
lector of the city and county of San Francisco
learn with th« deepest sorrow of the sad and
untimely death of one wno possessed «uch
noble qualities and who perfonned «uch h»nest.
conscientious and faithful service while In the
: city's employ as did . our departed friend;
U Rcsoived. That thesn r^soi'intons b« engrossed
and forwarded to his widow, thereby manlfest
; ing as best we can our sincere and heartfelt
; sympathy in this «ad hour of her bereavement.
• He leaves a wife, two brothers and two
sisters to mourn his* loss.
The deceased was a prominent member
of the B'nal B'rith Society, and was past
grand president of that order.
The funeral will take place Mond>v
j morning at 0:45 o'clock from Masonic Haii.
by specials that are fp leave this city at
of the committee of his associates in the
office, which adopted the following reso
lutions:
It was also- decided that the Chief of
Police be asked to detail a squad of Na
tive Sons* on the police force to lead the
procession in this city.
A report from the committee that is
handling the San Jose end of the celebra
tion I"? that the arrahgements that have
been made for the observance of Admis
sion day will surpass any of the many
celebrations of that day that have been
held in the Garden City.
On the evening of September 8 the com
mittees of the Santa Clara County par
lors will receive the delegations from San
Francisco, Marln County and Alameda
County, as they reach the celebration city
' If. I. Mulcreevy announced that Com
pany I of the First Regiment, National
Guard of California, would a<Jt as escort
of the night parade In this city and' on
his motion a formal invitation was ex
tended to Captain Moore with a request
that the company attend the celebration
at S?.n Jose.
Second division — Kincon Parlor. Stanford
Parlor. Yerba Buena Parlor. Bay City Parlor,
Niantlc Parlor, National Parlor.
Third division— Alcalde Parlor. South ' San
Francisco Parlor, riequofa Parlor, Preclta Par
lor, Olympus Parlor. Presidio Parlor. Marshall
Parlor, Army and Navy Parlor, Dolores Par
lor. Twin Peaks Parlor. El Capitan Parlor.
The several parlors will be accom
panied by drum, lmglo and fife corps, hav
ing decided to h»ve only field music dur
ing the night parade in this city, with two
bands for escort duty.
First division, following the grand marshal
and aids— California Parlor, Pacific Parlor,
Golden Gate Parlor, Mission Parlpr. San Fran
cisco Parlor. Ei Dorado
There was a large and enthusiastic
meeting last night of the joint September
9 celebration committee to arrange for the
celebration of Admission day in San Jose.
Grand Marshal Foley reported that the
following is the arrangement for the pro
cession in this city on the evening of Sep
tember S: H'V'i. ', •
SEATTLE. Aug. 29—Despite heroic ef
forts to deliver to the inhabitants of that
isolated region their annual mail and sup
plies, the revenue cutter Thetia has failed
in her attempt to reach Point Barrow this
season, and the Indian missions and whal
ing station at that point will be compelled
lo spend another year in winter's icy
grasp cut off from their customary sup
plies.
The Ftf>ry of the Thetis* failure to reach
Point Barrow is told by Dr. S. J. Call, a
former surgeon of the revenue cutter,
who arrived here on the Ohio on his way
to his home in California. Said he:
"The Thetis roundfd Point Hope, the
most -westerly point in Alaska, and from
that point onward the trip was one of
barfilng difficulties. At Icy Cape, nearly
looo miles from Nome and about 200 miles
from the Government rescuo mission,
where the mail Is left, she encountered
the solid fee pack, that b!eak, barren
waste of frozen sea which never melts
•and which has never yielded to the on
slaughts oi any ship which man has yet
built. The Thetis hugged the shore in the
hope that shifting winds might open the
way, but In thla she was disappointed and
was ultimately compelled to turn back.
The mail wan left to be taken to its des
tination by Eskimo canoes or venture
some whalers, but it will be months be
fore it Rets there, if it ever does. No cut
ter can again attempt tho dangerous
passage before next simmer."
Special Dispatch to The Call
Arrangement for Local Parade
and for the One in
San Jose.
Encounters Solid Ice Pack.
and Is Compelled to
Turn Back.
How Native Sons Will
Observe California's
Birthday.
Revenue Cutter Thetis
' Is Unable tk Make
Point Barrow.
FAILS TO REACH
HER DESTINATION
MANY PLEASURES
FOR NATAL DAY
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
HERMAN ENKLE
PASSES TO HIS
ETERNAL REST
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK_MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
All.
How any m*n may quickly core hlratelf after
year* cf «ufferln; from •rxna! weakneci. lost
vitality. nigJ.t losses, varlcoccle, etc.. ami en'
;arft caiall » t ik orranr to full size and vigror.
S:mj(ly scr.d your name and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co.. 1216 Hell buildlr.r, Detroit,
iilcb. and thfy will gla.Hr «en<J tree receipt
with full direcUona eo that any man may easily
cure timself at home. TbU is certainly a moet
generous offer, and the following extracts
taken Irom their daily mall sbow what men
tMnk of. their generosity:
••Dear 6Jrs — Pleaae accept my sincere thanks
tot yours ct recent date. I nave *iven ycur
t-eatzaent a thorough test and th« bentflt has
been extraordinary. It ba« completely braced
roe up.' I am Jutt as vi jroroun as when a bey
tJnd you caznot realize how happy I am."
. -Dear Sirs— Your method -worked beautifully.
P.esults were exactly what I needed. Strength
end vigrer have completely returned and en-
larxemeat ts entirely aatia£actory."
"Dear Sirs— Vours was received and I bad no
trouble In making use of the receipt as direct-
ed, and can truthfully cay It ts a boon to weak
men. I tm greatly improved In elze, strength
and vieor."
All correspondence Is atrlctly confidential.
maUed. in plain coaled envelope. The receipt
'.* free for the askl&r and they ' wast every
cu to have It.
ADVSBTISTnVTElgTS.
IIWHITE HOUSE
Fall and Winter
Underwear and Hosiery
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Drawers, Ladies' Cotton Vests, Pants and
in white and natural color, Tights, medium £Jfl/fc
medium weight fl O^ ' * we^ Qt JUI> each
***r . Ladie^ Ribbed Merino Combina-
tion Suits. ...v.. ;i. ........
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Vests and Qfh 4\ EZf\
Drawers, white and natural col- ftfa,S&.DUi JhtJeach
or, medium and {£ J 4y £J _J_ Z_L L_L
heavy weights, | m & <3 each Children's Ribbed Merino Vests
— —2-^ '¦ — and Drawers, white
Ladies' Ribbed Cashmere Vests and and natural color- / U U each
Drawers, white and natural t'-,4,w Ri^rir \L T /vni m r\
color... .... &t Fj\ Lakes' Black Wool
$1.50 each Hosg OUfepa*
: : Ladies' Black Cotton Hose.
Ladies' Silk and Wool Vests and *}EZgs O£?#v CAa
Tights,inwhite<>| *J £ hnOlr, ODlf 9 OUOpaif
o* 1 ? • • <p I • / tl each Madc expressiyfoj theWhitcHousc
Children's Black Ribbed Cotton Ifose 25c pair. '
Agents for Dr. Jaeger's Celebrated Sanitary Underwear
also Ramie Health Underwear.
/ Cor. Post & Kearny Sts.
MISCELL ANZOTTS. ___~ 'L
nsassl rU£E DELIVERY IN OAKLAND, ALAMEDA, BESKEIiET. PTOUf
| GREAT SALE OF
p There never wai a time wh«s on any article Fattosien's
U did not far undersell all the installment combine store*.
V| anfl on occasions like this we even undersell ourselves. We
ff are forcing- the sale this week of 18 fine odd sideboards.
y Hew ones come in their place next week. Floor epaoe
6 IT 1 oiust be bad. . .. - . • ¦ ¦ , ; .
C ACTUAL HALF FKICE ZS WHAT THEY SELL FOE
R THIS "WEEK. .,/ :.,•:¦.,-;
I GASH ONLY-NO INSTALLMENTS
¦ -—Regular price $33; ei/j en C— Reg. price $23.50; qii *js g
R lialf price ha i f rrire /O B
a 2 — Regular price $41; COfl *?fl 2 — Regular price $36; C|t» ftfl H
.'¦ half price ha j f price , H
ft J — Regular price $37; c|O c(\ Z— Regular price $27: eio fJQ [j
y half price 5>IO.OU balf price i?IO.OV» tl
R 2— Regular price J31; CIC Cf) 3— Regular price J«; 00 I
£ half price half prlce V* 4 '" 1 ' |
(EXTENSION TABLES CKi v A CLOSETS. I
*44 Round Table. 1 this week. $2730 $25 Golden onk. neat 817.75* H
$14 Square- Table, this week. .88^5 $35 Corner cloeet.... S23.00 IJ
*50 Round Table, this week . 834.00 150 Mission closet .838.25 ¦
IjrS'Pquare Table, this week. 316-50 $40 Round glass 623.OO ?
$12 Round Table, this? week. S7.5O $70 Full mirror back; B
j:5 -Square Table, this week. $18.50 $100 Serpentine glass 375.00 B
CHAIR BARGAINS BARCAINS IN BUFF < S. I
Fine box seat. $2.90 $S0 Weathered oak. . . : $60.50 U
Pretty lyre back 82.60 $20 Golden oak 813.50 H
Weathered oak 83.75 S30 Flemish oak '. .817.50 |
2j Kine cane spat 81.10 $65 Golden oak, large base £48.35 S
B , I/eather seat $1.70 $60 Antv/erp oak. rich .$46.50 n
I ANTI-COMBINE CARPET PRICES. I
8 BXOEI.OW ftAZTD LOWELL BODY WILTON VELVETS - Double U
(BRUSSELS — In the newest de- width, rich floral and Oriental B
siens and colors. lan?e range of ¦ , , ¦ m«t« vmi ii on '«t the 1
patterns. The installment com- designs. Costs .you *l.?0 at the ¦
bine price is $1.90. Our ci as installment combine ci /in 1
price is <?I.**O stores. Our price is «?I.**U B
KOXBUEY TAPESTRIES — Stni IWGSAIN FILLING — Best qual- B
I[ Sou; cZJ a^™^£ iS /he «>' f5»* % and blUCS " ! »- fl
rombirre stores charge Q| |f| stallment combine price is ne« a
.• , $l.3» for- it. Our price is S^-IV $1.10. Our price OOl* B
FIME PARLOR PORTJERES. I
HEAVT TAFESTBY— 50 inches HEAVY DAMASK— Tapestry and |
I wide; 1 and :' pair lots; C>1 Cf| velour borders, per eio c(\ H
epecia!. per pair p^.OU pa i r OU |
KEECISIZrD PORTIERES — DOUBLE-FACED MOIRE E.TLK— B
Beautiful 2-tone effects; d? m re Very handsome; per COO ftfl B
this week per pair 5J&O./D pair VO4.UU |
? :l\il orduus f NOOKS and COEN"ERS-A 40-T? refinisihxg j |
k -Cmtomtn cut <,r pa go booklet, beautifully illus- ?£* 8
J ton receive th? ; ra ted. with suggestions ;uid de- fshins °'»nirfg-rooni B
fanif prompt «t- EC riptlons for the furnishing of and library furn- B
Uataxm to their cr- Cozv CornersJ- Libraries. Halls. ture - Producing ¦
i ?h% rB S^^SaS etc -' TREE if you mention THE SS^mtah %£ 5
lacUon guara::te^.3 CAXL. . etc. I D
fl q QQ-— -OC 0 I
IFzctcries. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ *^ . StjBfitS, 1
See Eupplernent to this ad. in to- morrow's Examjner, Tuesday's Clmmicle, «
S Wednesday's Bulletin. x * R
© ® ADVEBTISElgENTa. '^ '^^ ¦¦ ¦
— . jmJPlj Hay EolSBi^w «*-*-• *'* awJJBBlwHS JfiSjaijly
um ,.,The Cream of the Crop*.* -1^^
/ year's I - n m P- v uutvBiuifLV d A W5> and w- ; .il
/ np CK LUlib u rgiLylLllfLu jellies
I (^^^^^^^^m Re p; esent the highest standard in preserving the natural color and
! I .Ifi^pfii^^Pl^ TIie rare crop of fine fruit, carefully selected, . enabled us to* produce IhK
j& |!p^^^^^^^g|f a higher quality of preserves this year than ever before. "
Wl^^^^^i^^^^l If you wish variety, delicacy* fine flavor and general excellence in your table WJ
preserves, ask for Long's and you'll never be disappointed. If H
W&M mBM^W^^^^' Your grocer will have them September 1st. A jar will convince you of | B
I^SfflicS^^^^^^Bi their rare goodness. . if: I?. .-'•;¦ of
|WB^^^^^»| 90% of San Francisco's grocery stores carry Long's g
I W^^^^^S^^^^^r^^, I Preserves on their shelves, and 75% of these stores handle no other line. JBrReduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bckla'8. 11 MontBomery. - •
George W.rHendry, who owns one hun
dred shares of stock In the Hana. Planta
tion i Coqipanyi filed a . suit yesterday for
an injunction restraining the directors
of the . company f rom \ levying . an asses*
ment cf $2.a his and the olh-r
stockholders shares. , He \ claims, they have
no power to le.vy a larger assessment than
Objects to Assessment.
Aaron Clarkfc, a colored porter at the
store of the. California Optical Company,
£C5 Kearny street, was arrester yesterday
afternoon by Detective Egan" on" throa
charges of petty larceny. Ho was sua
pccled cf stealing articles from tho ctoro
ut\<\ wlien h's'roora was searched -a pair
of gold spectacles, a purse containing ih,
bclyr.siri^ to a member of the firm, and
a. knife ¦which had been stolen were
found • and booked as evidence against
him.- . .. ¦¦ > - ,¦
Colored Porter Arrested.
At ocean beach, below the Cliff House.
Sunday. August SO, thrilling parachute
leap by the most daring ¦ aeriallst in the
aeronautical world, Mile. Aneti, from. her
monster airship Queen Ul. Big vaudeville
show, grand ; concert, many new midway
attractions. •
Coney Island.
L.uigi Gardini was arrested on Green
street yesterday by Policeman Walsh on
a warrant charging him with practicing
medicine without a license. Tho complain
ing witness is Dr. Dudley Tait," secretary
of the State Board of Medical Exam
iners. Gardini had been arrested ' twice
before, and as there is a case pending be
fore Judge Marasky to test , the constltu^
tionallty of the act under which the'ar
rest was mado Police Judge Cabaniss re
leased him on his own recognizance. ,G.i
B. Gerino • was' arrested on, .a., similar
charge on Van Ness avenue and was "re
leased on $300 bonds. . >
No License to Practice.
California's autumn is so much like
its summer and its- spring that, all the
special rhapsodies- of the poet .go. 'for
naught. It's the best time of the year
at Hotel Vendome, California's all-the
year-around resort. Here one may find
peace and rest and recreation— Just the
thing to rejuvenate one before" the be
ginning r.f the winter social season.
Autumn Days.
- The body of Arthur Gilligan. who died
in St. Mary's Hospital last Wednesday
morning from the .effects of a fractured
skull, was taken in charge yesterday by
City Undertaker Hagan for burial at the
city's expense. Gilligan received his in
juries while engaged' in a fight with
Francis McGrath in Sausallto on August
17, by falling and striking bis. head vio
lently upon the sidewalk, j No one came to
the Coroner's office to inquire about the
body or its disposition, and it was sent to
the potter's field.
Gilligan Buried as a Pauper.
- The- «nt«rtainment will commence at
S:30 p. m. and dancing will begin at 10
o'clock and continue, to a late hour. .
The committee in charge of arrange
ments is composed of the following mem
bers: Sergeant James McNamara Ser
geant Frank Cresalia. Sergeant James
Kane, Corporals Tim Cadogan and Elma
Shim.- - • ¦••
The money derived from the.entertain
ment will be used in buying new instru
ments and uniforms for the cadets. The
musicians are clever 'bugle players and
during the^ annual encampment surprised
visitors by their skilL Sergeant Frank
Cresalla.is the life- and spirit of the
corps. He is a clever mimic and usually
keeps his companions in good humor by
his take-offs and clever speeches. Ser
geant McNamara carries the base "drum
whenever the organization turns out. He
also enjoys great popularity in the regi
ment. ' -
The field musicians of the League of
the Cross Cadets will give an entertain
ment and dance on Wednesday evening
next in Mission Parlor HalL TTie com
mittee- in charge la making preparations
for the event. The best talent has been
secured and the programme promises to
be an interesting one.
Field Musicians of the League of the
Cross Cadets Arrange an
Entertainment.
WILL GIVE A TtAT.T. to
INCREASE UNIFORM FUND
Herman L. .Schmidt, known by his as
sociates as "Baby" Schmidt, who con
ducts a saloon at the junction. of Cliff
and Forty-eishth avenues on .the Point
iwbos road, fell and broke his leg yester
day while trying to board a Sutter-street
car at Stockton street. His great weight
broke his lee. Schmidt; who weighs 430
pounds and is known as Uie heaviest man
in California, gave the steward of the
ambulance and elx able-bodied men all
Uiey could do to place him insido of the
ambulance. On his arrival at the Emer
gency Hospital an improvised stretcher
had to be secured to j con,vey i him • from
the ambulance to the operating, table,
where Drs. Armlsted and Hartley set tho
broken limb. When placed on the car
viage stretcher to be removed to a ward
the wheols broke under." 1 his weight. He
was finally removed in a private ambu
lance to his home. ¦ -¦
Fat Mau's Leg Broken by Fall.
* Mr. Baron, the -well known ladies*
has returned from New. York •with
a full lino of up-to-date ladies' tailor suits
and tho latest cloths from London, Paris
»and Berlin lor the tailoring department.
Mr. Baron Bays that this city has all the
char.l-es of becoming one of the greatest
cities in America on account of the con
ditions belns in our favor. Ladies are In
vited to inspect and see the new styles.
7C2 Market street. • •
LATEST FASHIONS FOR LADIES
ARE HERE FROM NEW YORK,
0 (PARIS AND LONDON.
About an hour later Cooper awakened
C. J.' Flyr.n of 533 California street, who
was asleep in Union Square, by going
through hia pockets. Flynn tried to hold
Cooper, but the thief succeeded. in break
ing away from him and ran Into 217
Post street, pursued by Policeman Rlehl.
Cooper got on the. roof and .jumped to
the roof of the next house, where he was
captured by Riehl. .During his flight
Cooper, had thrown. away a watch and
purse that he had taken from Flynn's
peckets and they -were recovered by the
officer.* When Cooper was searched at
the' City Prison the watch, chain and
locket taken from Pfeiffer were found in
his pockets.
Cooper is about 20 years of age and a
native of Utah.. He was arrested on".Feb
ruary 8 along with Roy. Tempest on a
charge of grand larceny, for. stealing a
gold snuff box from C. W. Fickensen, a
baker, but he was acquitted 'by a Jury
in Judgo Cook's court on June. 13 and the
case .against Tempest was dismissed the
following day., s \:
Roy Cooper, alias Frank Landers, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Police Judge i Cabanlss yester
day on two charges of grand larceny
in $2000 bonds on each charge. The
crimes were committed within an hour
of each other. -
Kudolph Pfeiffer, chief steward of the
transport Logan, went ' to a room In the
"Winchester Hotel on Third v street late
Friday night and Cooper and the bellboy
followed him. Pfeiffer ordered some bot
tled beer and when the bellboy brought
it Ctrtper poured out a glassful and band
ed it Pfeiffer, who after drinking it re^
marked that it had a salty taste. Coop
er poured out another glassful and urged
Pfeiffer to drink it. He did so and lapsed
into unconsciousness. • When he recovered
his gold watch, chain and locket and 19
in coin had disappeared and so had Coop
er. It is supposed that Cooper had put
"knockaut drops" in the beer. .
Roy Cooper, Alias Prank
Landers, Is Held
to Answer.
YOUNG CRIMINAL
AGAIN IN TOILS
£>. cants t».%harc. He also asks t&at they
tie cnjcirol fiom selling his stock, aa t&ey
Cireaten to do, until the matter is de
termined by the courts.
The sermon at 11 o'clock this morning in
St. Mary's (Paullst) Church will be given by
Kev. Henry Ignatius Stark. In tbe evening,
after vespers. Rev. Walter E. Hopper will
fireach.
Trinity Methodist Episcopal, morning, gospel
sermon: evening, sermon on up-to-date theme.
Pastor Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
Howard itreet Methodist Episcopal, morning,
"Bin and \3race"; evening, "Secret Sins."'
Pastor Rev. A. C. Bane.
California street M?thodist Uplscopal, morn
ing, "The Discovery of Christ"; evening, "The
Religion of Ti»day." Pastor Rev. Clarence
Reed.
Simpson Memorial Methodist episcopal,
morning, "The Work of the Church"; evening,
"Wherft Good Dwells." Pastor Rev. John
Stephens. • . .
Second Unitarian, "Tho Greek Idea cf the
Ideal Man." Pastor Rev. Jay William Hud
son. .
CaKary Presbyterian, morning, "UoiMebold
Apoptollcal Succession" ; evening. "Shirking
Responsibility." Pastor Rev. H. H. Bell.
, First Unitarian, morning, preaching by pas
tor. Rev. Bradford Lefivitt.
Third Congregational, morning. "The Ark
on the Cart; oc The Punishment of Religious
Curiosity," "Boys, Their Religious .Problems
and Our'Kolutlon of Them." Factor Rev. Wil
liam Rader.
FlrEt Congregational, morning, "Paul's Joy
Over Conversion ond Progress"; evening,
"Vpung Men, Arise." Pastor Rev. George C.
Adams.
First English Lutheran — R«v. Jere
miah Zimmerman, D. D., of Syracuse, X. Y.,
fr. in tho c'.tr ©n a trip around tht» world. He
win 'deliver the address this morning.- •¦ ¦• • •
This afternoon at 3 •'clock, Rev. Frank
"K. Baker will give his closing address to
young men only at* the Young ; Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, on tho
subject, "'Character Building." Mr. and
Mrs. ¦ Baker," the blind e\-angellats, will
also give their closing song service.;
.Sermons at Unchurches to-day will
be -as follows: •
At the. Y. M. C. A. This Afternoon
,V. ; He Will Preach on "Char
acter Building."
KEV. FBANK K. BAKEB .TO
.GIVE HIS CLOSING ADDBESS
Push your goods by means of good printing.
Our printing cells goods. Mysell-RolUne, - 22
Clay, the up-to-date printers. Phone Main 5051*
Maritime Libels Filed.
G. W. McNeax filed a libel in the United
States District Court yesterday against
the French ship Suzanne for $1487 dam
ages for injury to a cargo of -cement.
The Pacific Hardware and Steel Company
filed a libel against the French bark
L'Herrhlt to recover-$lK?l for damage done
to a cargo of hardware.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 60c flank. Richard A Co., 408 Clay. •
It takes a woman to be too busy to darn
a pair of stockings because she is making
some. underclothes to go with anew pair
when she gets them. ; •
Milk Below Standard.
Warrants have been ordered by the
health officials . for the arrest of Kick
Matlcevlch, restaurant keeper at 4C0
Tenth street"; William Schmidt, a grocer
at 348 Tenth street, and L. Spanl, of the
Marin Dairy, for having, in their
sion milk that is below the standard. The
food inspectors were* out on Wednesday
night and inspected the milk on 25 wagons
and the milk was all found up to standard
•with ' the exception ¦ of that belonging to
VL Spanl. The health officials think the
milk Is watered some in the restaurants
and coffee houses.
The San Francisco Eye
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes . ey« pain;
makes weak eye'H strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 60 cents. •
In a Forest of Woodcraft.
¦ Redwood Circle of the Women of Wood
craft, ¦will, on the evening of Septejnber
8, glvo an entertainment and dance in Its
forest In Eagles' Hall, over the Spreckela
Markett The general committee, of which
Mrs. Blangylo the chairman, .will offer
a number of novel features and will havo
a well arranged. programme "of dances.
Inventors! M." P. Scbell, model maker. B29
Mission street. ' Experimental machinery and
novelties of all kinds. Modern shop. * \
.This ."contest" !a open to every one, and be
sldes being highly instructive 1 and entertaining
is absolutely free fr,om all purchase conditions
or any of the irksome duties usually connect*'!
with prize contests. It is fully expected thai
the -oddnesa of this competition, ' together with
the unusual • liberality of the awards, will ¦¦ in
volve people of all ages and tastes in" the merry
pastime of making riddles.
Tt will greatly assist contestant* to read the
"Story of Ground Chocolate" and follow the
simple rules of this riddle ¦ content, which are
now ready for distribution and will be mailed
free to any one addressing F\ J. Cooper, ad
vertising manager, 30 Geary street, San Fran
cisco. Cal.
The sum of $1000/ divided into 191 prizes,
ranging from $a 00 to $100. will be. awarded
contestants..
" "Riddles are the oldest extant form of hu
mor, and riddle making: has always been rec
ognized as the highest typ« of intellectual
wit," says the D. Ghlrardelll Company, . manu
facturer of Ghlrardelir. cocoas and chocolates.
This enterprising firm haa announced- a rlddla
contest, offering substantial ca«>h prizes for the
best riddles made from tho "Story of Ground
Chocolate," an interesting talk on cocoa and
chocolate. -
Cash Prizes^to Be Given for Biddies.
A Pleasing-, Instructive and En- '
tertalnlng Contest Announced. .
MONEY FOB FUN.
Mr. Hartman and his bride expect**to
be ab3ent on the continent about tnr*e
months when they will return and rcstime
their old places with the Tivoil company
In the new playhouse now beiny c'rvCtedi
The first chancre occurred yesterday,
fvheii Judge Hebbard, in chambers, enter
ed a decree granting Ferris Hartman a
divorce from his wife, Mary M. Hartman,
on the ground of 'desertion. The second
change Into happy married Ufa will take
place probably to-day, provided Mr. Hart
man' b lawyers advise him that a mar
riage In this State under the clrcum
stanct-i will be legal. „
The bride Is Miss Josie Davies, & member
of the present Tivoli company, who is well
kncwn.to tfteater goers by reason of her
attractive appearance and \ peculiarly
sweet voice. She is-a San Francisco girl
by birth! and has been with the Tivoli
for the la>t three years. It wait there
thut Mr. Hurtman met her and between
tho two there has existed a deep attxoh
rrent for- a long time.
| Tho first matiimpnial venture of the
comedian proved unhappy. He was mar
ried in Chicago In 18S5 to Mary M. Mc-
Garey, and one child, a boy, was born
to them two years later. Shortly after
the birth of the child Mrs. Hartman is
said to have deserted her husband and
h3 hits not seen her for sixteen years.
At the time of the marriage the couple
¦wtre perform. ng at the old Auditorium
Theater, wb.d. ih now known as tho
North Clark Street Theater.
It 1b the Intention of Mr. Hartman and
hi* bride to spend their honeymoon trav
eling In tho East and 'In Europe. They
will depart to-morrow for the East, and
in case the legal difficulties for an Imme
diate marriage In this State proved Insur
mountable, the wedding will be postponed
until the couple have crossed the State
line.
With almost tbe same rapidity with
which he changes his costume between
tcta, Ferria Hartman, the Tlvoll com
edian, will glide from the role of
a husband deserted by his * wife for six
teen years. to that of & loving* and! loved
bridegroom. • ".- .;.-.-'.-: : >'V J . '_;„
Ph*>lps Squadron No. 12, of Veterans of
•the United States Navy, which was'start
ed by men who served in the Naval Ml-
Htia of this State and enlisted for the
'Spanish American War, has now been
"tully organized.. It will admit to member
shlp.any one who was honorably discharg
ed from the navy during th» Civil. "War
and the Spanish American War.
Ensign Owen O'Neill of the Santa Bar
bara division of the Naval Militia, has
been elected lieutenant, Junior grade, of
the division, and Fred J. .Smith has been
elected ensign, vice O'Nell, promoted.
• A ¦ school of navigation is soon to be
organized on board the Marlon.
The retirement of Brigadier General
Last of the National Guard, Is the first
of r number of others that are to follow
in short order. General Preecott, appoint
ed to succeed Last, will, it Is said, soon be
retired with the honor of hia hew office,
and that Major Wlnlkowekl will be ap
pointed In ;i!a stead.
The wiseacres of the guard have It that
Brigadier General "U'arfleld will eoon be
retired and. tl\at Captain Charles Jansen,
commander of Troop A, Cavalry, is to be
placed in command of the second brlg
f«Je. The wise ones also have It that Ad
jutant General Stone can continue in of
fice, If he desires, but that he has signi
fied his intention not to apply for a re
appointment on the gTound that his busi
ness relations will not permit him to do
vote time to yac duties of the position.
Major General John H. Dickinson, it Is
slated, will ba offered the position.
Captain Mathewson of Company D, First
Infantry, hae been re-elected to the com
mand of the companj'; Second Lleuten
unt Varney was advanced to first lieu
tenant, and J. Gould was elected second
lieutenant.' '
IxjuIs Graham wis elected first lieu
tenant of Company G, and J. Humphrey
first lieutenant of Company E of the same
regfment. .
At a meeting of Company D^ Fifth In
fantry, held in San Rafael, August 2S,
Major D. A. Smith, presiding-. First Ser
peant Newell Vanderbllt was unanimous
ly elected captain of. the company, vice
Cheda, -who severed his connection with
the organization a short i.me ago, after
many years of efficient service.
An election will be held to-morrow night
hi tbe P*1rst Battalion of artillery.
General Dickinson May Be
Offered a Higher
Position.
Aotor Has Not Beheld His
Former Wife for Six- .
teen Years.
Captain Jansen Selected
as Successor of
Warfleld
Ferris Hart man Gets a
Divorce and Plans
a Weeding.
COMEDIAN SOON
TO MARRY AGAIN
NAME GUARDSMEN
FOR RETIREMENT
THE PAN FRAKCISSCO OALl; SUIO>AY, AUGUST 30, 3903.
32
Tailor
Made Suits
Of material which can
be truly recommended **
Elegantly made and
fitted properly to the
| form*
New Suits at $15.50 Suit
Hew Louis XIV Suits $20.00 Suit
New Etamlne Cheviot $22.50 Suit
New Veneffao Cloth $25.00 Suit
New Fan Ctieriot. . . $28.50 Suit
1 If desiring a recommend- .
| able suit you cannot af- .
ford to neglect examin-
ing this grand collection.
* New Fall materials arrived.
i Suits made to order. Moderate
i prices.
The Black Goods House
> 1106 Market St.
Weekly CaD, $i per Year
' ' ADVERTISEMENTS. .
MAfiNIN'S CORRECT
AUTUMN STYLES
The showing of New Fall Goods here is
more extensive than in any previous sea-
son. Early buyers will find every depart-
ment of special interest.
''¦W^^IIHI O iVQIulj
new and channing Fall Waists have arrived—
both imported and our own make. Styles and colorings in
great variety — the Iategt effects in crepe de chine, peau dc
cygne r and liberty silk— the largest display of fashionable
Waists" in San Francisco. ,; Prices range as follows:
$5.00, $6.00, $7.50, $9.75 S^ara
WAISTS, made of all-wool crepe, cheviot, Bedford
cord/ English vesting and imported alpaca —
$3.00, $4.00, $5.50, $6.50 ;;j, rt ,
Misses' and Children's Cloak Dep't
Our assortment for the approaching, winter is now
extensive. The designs indicate - a radical departure from
those heretofore in vogue, and include ideas that cannot be
seen elsewhere. -
Made of the very newest materials, . including zibe-
- line, kersey/, melton, broadcloth, serge,' fancy tweed,
silk, velvet, covert and broadtail.
Prices range according to styles and materials.
$4.50, $5.50, $6,50, $7.50 g-^
Misses' and Children's Suits
Correct models for the coming season. Made of the
finest fabrics: -strictly tailor-made— equal to the t best cus-
tom-made. A variety of styles,' made of fancy tweeds, man-
nish mixtures/ cheviots and zibelines.
....PRICES MODERATE.... . '
French Handmade Underwear
Night/Robes, Chemises. Corset Covers. ¦'. Drawers and Petti-
. . coats in exclusive styles.
WEDDING TROUSSEAUX.
: 'Special attention paid to
. INFANTSVand^ CHILDREN'S OUTFITS.
918=922 /narket Street
Our newrFalland Winter Catalogue .will, soon be.ready formaillas.
,- - Bend '.your name, and receive one frc«.
Black Dress
Fabrics
— -FA I I 1 00^ — ¦' ' ¦
We have just opened a most complete
assortment of NEW BLACK DRESS
FABRICS. The assortment will in-
clude Silk Finish Zibelines, Boucle
Cheviots; Nbppe Canvas Cloths, Box
Cloths, Crepe Etamines, Venetian
Poplins, Silk Camel's Hair, Broad-
cloths, Unfinished Worsteds and
Venetians.
We invite our patrons to inspect the above
goods at their earliest opportunity.
...Six Specials..../
50-INCH SILK FINISH ZIBELINE $1.50 Yda
54-INCH BOUCLE CHEVIOT $1.50 Yd
48-INCH NOPPE CANVAS CLOTH $1.25 .Ydc
47-INCH CAMEL'S HAIR BODCLE $1.25 Yd
45;INCH FRENCH ETAMINE...... $1.00 Yd
44-INCH BOURETTE MISTRAL
CLOTH......... SI.OOYdo
note— Out customers In the Jntertor are'reauestel to
write for samples of above goods.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^___
YWEARi COMPUTE \
I HOME FURNISHERS I
I . v^^p^jjv A SWELL TURN- \
\ JmW^mm^ or I
S • ¦ majesty's autumn . • B
I • imjl ([(I easily adjusted to any Jb
X e .... E&JT //// position, easily shad- %^
I ] TJt \\^a\ Mil can be tilted in any %
3 v^^ «M^R >v direction., rockaway %
> .^^^^g^/y^ _-^V' '" IM J4^^ springs* substantially tf
;^\ 'CFj&L \ L^rl^^^^y?. REGULAR PRICE, S
! $S *°°* SPECIAL
' GO'CART $&%$ >
COMBINATION J
JSBMd Wr^f BOOKCASEDESK \
' W^^yJ^ m$t *$£$:¦ m 5 feet 8 inches high |
fi ¦ - ) B v- X' >g '^Mfl?''?'^!^r- c cayved ornaments g*
\ i \ X\$rr%<$^ feet desk withdraw- 1
„' ¦ jf^'-'-^^^^^p CfS an^ P*? eon holes B
\ \ / /;Vr^^^^ ' ' combined— just tbe 2£
I 1 ity$$4/kv&$£ place for your favor- \
¦kL>^-^ %&U$i£iffi: te books and your §
¦ i ;; '¦¦'¦'//}¦ *^^^^^^^' a^ LOur at yOur §
i'^^^!^^^^® lcttcrs * REGULAR |
i v »*"¦ Nt^ CT TD XT €* T A T TTs'^O H
Vjlj iS '* o "1H#1 A JL rUK |
Bomasi Dffl'tm j
ir r : V -THE CHANCE* I
T"**yTV — { " OF THE WEEK f
J. 1 mm L - .-./..— is ttjts enameled Iron %
I BedSpedaUinfullor %
t /¦\,,-^ S> ' L*^^*^ " '^ S * 2C5 » c knob:
' i Q^-'^B-TfZmirXi W';: '* N ** 1 *^ • are of brass and the
gr Y^pF'\ X slj . "chills" are of leai J.
' *hK W^^ " a^ floral design ar- \
IBk^L if i tistically wrought j
\St'» ' m^ a f !^^^f^M in$othp iron." REG- K '
U^AR PRICE, \
Mp=s^~2==^LJ $4.50.. SPECIAL I
*- %L FOR TJJEWEEK, J
HSMB£D 4& 2 4}
Drapery Specials I
I COUCH*COVERS, Oriental tapestries; in beautiful pat- I
E Jfe°A aaci Large enough for any siied couch. 1
I W? U h£&f&' $3^°» SPECIAL $2^0; REGULAR price I
$3.75, SPECIAL $2.75j REGULAR price $4.50, SPECIAL 1
$3.00; REGULAR price $3.00, THE BIG SPECIAL $1.85. I
C "THE CREDIT HOUSE" ' %
J_^^233^235, 237 POST STREET. I
.. EXPBBT OPTICIAN.
< A Bulletin Reporter
SPSTiS?^^ 11 ** M *y«'l«'» OloMten ar» FAH
BUPKRIOR to all othera for weak eye* and
Poor Blcht.
omen op
6AN FRANCISCO BULLETIN
Mr. Georee Mayerle— Dear Blr: The
Glaeees purchased from you r<tcently - are
tn« perfection of optical comfort. --"They St
•p well that I am - unconscious of having
them on. Sincerely yours. .--
w.,~. .'-i W - °- MAXWBtJ*
-'iJ&PZF* 1^* OI*ASSEe 8TREN0THSH
THE ETE8 AND BRAIN.
I have used a bottle of Georr* Mayerl**!
German Eyewater, and it has helped: ma
wonderfully.— Chas. Morgan, Rncklln, C»L
,, ADVEB.TISEMSNTS.
Oriental Goods
AtWhoIesale Prices :
W Offer Our Snttn Extra rta* Col»
lec-*toa of
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS i j
At 25 Per Cent • I
! DIfcotuit from regular retail price*. ! ;
We are' sole asent* for '
|'^ JOHN CROSSLEYS SON'S I
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS:
Chas.£Som&Co.:
Cor. 9th and Market Sts. ',',
S0ff£M/AN
M Ktes of «0 Bottled Bttn.-* I
x 9r*w*4(rQm Bohemian Hoyfc I
SOLO eVEttVWHESE. I
~^ HILBERT MERCA>fTILE CO.. I
Pacific Coast Agents. 5
BEi'ORE AFTER I
FINDING 1
WM. HATTEROTH in his new «• I
tabliahment. 224 Sutter St. Ftttln* L
trus««s. supporters. Elastic Stock- T
ingg. *te. . - . , |
fhiqtoscopE
400 Rlalto Bids.
Now (r> operation. Vour picture trUMd f p •
* nickel »n the slot.
Nothing Uko y.ln the blatory of the world.Sues Rival for Damages.
Tlie quarrels of the Gcary-strect "beau
t: doctors" which ucre brought' into the
I'olice courts a few days ago have re
euHe4 In a rcit for dauuees. M. Ella
Harris filed u suit for J20.0O) damages
.i.altibt her rivals in the art of- remov
ing pimples, wrinkle*, etc. The defend
ants In the suit arc L.. Williams and Delia
Thatcher. ¦»-, — --,
' A Chicago fcereal food. company re
cently ordered fifty tons of . Ink for" use
In urlntlns their packages.
Charles T. Brown, a conductor on the
Hayes street line, called at the Coroner's
office yesterday afternoon- and reported
that his infant son,. Lloyd Francis Brown,
eight days old. had " been accidentally
bmotlii't-cd by thr mother. He said that
he went home at 1:10 o'clock In the after
noon end saw the mother lying asleep in
bed. He went Into another room for a
few minutes and when he returned hla
wife was awake. He turned ". to. look ¦ at
tho baby and found that it was dead.
Mrs. Brown had been lying. with her arm
above her; head and the baby, had slipped
..under her arm,' . ' '— — '"¦* '•:.¦-/
Slips Its, Head Under Its Mother's
Arm While. She Sleeps and
Is Suffocated.
EIGHT-DAY-OLD INFANT
ACCIDENTALLY SMOTHERED
The parishioners of St. Michael's Church.
Ocean .View, are planning to hold their
r«-?ular annual picnic and outing at Union
""oureing Park on Labor dar. September
7. Special cars will be run direct to the
park eo that the crowd may be accom
njodatcd. The committee In charge has
;Tra.r.g«d for the distribution of valuable-
and game prizes. A large attendance
• xpectcd. BESj
St Michael's Parish Picnic.
Leaves Oat Name of Heir.
The will of the late Efwrance Habich
v as filed for probate yesterday. It Is
a peculiar document in that it does not
<"ritaiu the -name of a legatee. The name
was there when the will was drawn, but
v.as subsequently scratched out. as was
also the name of the ¦'executrix. As It
stands now the document devises only il
La each person who proves herself to be
a relative of the deceased, as . the will
contains a. clause in which the testatrix
announces herself as a widow , without
relatives and leaves a dollar to 'any one
*\hr> relsht come forward and prove kln-
EWp.
.Professor Green., who Is supervising this
portion of the work, said last night: "We
shall. not complete our quantitative analy
sis for three or four days. Vie are search
ing,for all kinds of poisons. Whether we
have: detected a trace of any fatal drug
besides arsenic. I cannot etate. I will say
that we -have found a very largo amount
of . arsenic, in -the dead man's stomach.
We" are Working as hard as we can at It,
but it is a tedious task."
The "imprisoned women 1 were given an
other, "sweating" yesterday morning and
were , confronted « with the new evidence
in;th« shape of the blank from which the
urescrlptloa'sUD-waa torn. - Neither va«
¦ Two of the detectives on the case Were
busy all day yesterday visiting the drug
stores off the city to see whether Mrs.
Martin Bowers . or Mrs. Sutton had pur
chased any poison previous -to the time
when the murdered man first became ill.
The officers arc not hunting for the pur
chase of arsenic alone, as it is thought
that Bowers ' may have ~been dosed with
another poison at first. The chemists who
are analyzing the contents of the stomach
are also endeavoring to discover traces of
several kinds of poison.
that he noticed that Bowers' feet and
hands drooped, as is frequently the case
where there is .arsenical poisoning. He
observed that the roof of Bowers' mouth
was white, as from lead poisoning.
Yesterday morning Attorney Frank
Drury for Mrs.' Bowers and Attorney
Charles A. Low for Mrs. Sutton petitioned
for writs of habeas corpus for their clients
on the ground that they were not legally
detained. '. An alternative writ in each
case '.was granted, and the Chiftf of Police
must .appear before Judge Cook at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning to show cause.
The proceedings will probably result In
the formal charging of Mrs. Martin Bow
ers of tho crime of murder, and Mrs. But
ton will be accused of complicity unless
strong evidence is secured meanwhile th&t
the two women are guiltless. The attor
neys' have cautioned their clients not to
have much to say, and they are less free
in, their statements than heretofore.
OFFICERS VISIT DRUG STORES.
The application for alimony of T. May
brlle Dum. who is bring sued for divorce
by George Dura, is being opposed by Dum.
Ur filed an affidavit yesterday In which
be states that she is not in need of any
aid from him, and brands her attempt to
secure money from him as a pereecutlon.
Tor desertion. The last named couple were
married at Healdsburj in 1S77, the alleged
desertion occurring two years ago.
Maria Faustina Azevedo wants a divorce
fr«m Antonio Azevedo because, she al-
Rges, he has threatened to poison her and
lias on numerous occasions cruelly beaten
n«r. They were married March 5, 1S33.
Suits for divorce were filed by L<illie
A brains against Abe Abrams for convlc
Uon of felony, A. W. Benton against E'.la
T. Benton for desertion, Marie A. Pond
njainst Harry S. Pond for cruelty and
• "asrfe Ivrueg-cr against Oscar Krueger
Suits for Divorce.
Nettie C. Bendmore has petitioned the
Board of Works to remove the fences
from Giecn street, between Baker and
Lyon, and or. Lyon street, between Union
and Green. * Tho fences mark the old
Spanish grant made to the Miranda fam
ily, .which has been purchased by the
city to open the streets named.
We therefore bfg that' you will give the
matter your prompt and serioui attention and
that you will find it consistent with the de
mands for public safety that ¦ you ¦ delegate
tome competent person to supervise the blast
ing and thereby prevent further destruction of
property and danger to life.
I/..McKahon. chairman; A. SI. "Wll6on, sec
retary.
The property Owners of tho Potrero filed
a protest yesterday w'th the Boa'd of
Public Works against ine blasting now
being carried on on Minnesota street,
between Eighteenth and Ninctesnth, by
Lantry Brothers, contractors. The laid
in the vWnlty is being graded for the
Santa Fe Railway system- which has-ac
quired extensive terminal ; ; .tcllltlcs for
its transcontinental line.
Tho protestants held a, meeting Friday
night lasffor the purpose of taking action
in reference to the blasting, and' it was
resolved that £ie following protest be
submitted to the Board of Works, wltn
an earnest petition "-that It' be Oven
prompt and favorable consideration:
We protest that in do?"g their blasting; the
Lantry Brothers use too h^avy charges of pet
tier and dynam!te;'")vvlilch results in a severe
and dangeropq chafclng up of U>e surrounding
property in -the immediate v+r><ilty, and the
explosions can be heard t*r nitres around.
That in consequence of the heavy blasts the
residents In the Immediate vicinity of Uie work
are in constant 'error of their lives from flying
debris.
That houses and other property in the Im
mediate vicinity of the work have already been
considerably damaged from flying rocks, win
dows bavin* bsen broken, roofs of buildings
broken in and plastering of houses badly
cracked from tho severe concussions, and the
Inhabitant* of the homes having been kept in
constant fear of their lives.
Owners of Potrero Prop
erty Lodge a Com
pliiim.
He then -told of - the. murdered man's
symptoms at' the Waldeck.' He asserted
that Mrs. Bowers had told him , that ; cer
tain medicines'" which " he ¦ prescribed ; had
an effect whiclr could not have ¦ been{pos
sible. Ho felt that 1 the sick 'man could
neverVrecover at his '•¦ home • and * told ; tho
wife of; his , opinion. / She replied that the
expense of ¦ keeping -the » patient "i in »a I hos
pital was tooigreaV The Tpbysician says
Dr.'McLaughlin visited the office of the
Chief r o f . : Police"~yesterday morning^ and
told all. that he knew of the Bowers case.
He again pronounced the signature on the
prescription to ,beia rank' forgery. "I al
ways commence my prescriptions* with an
"R,* .and -would know that this was : not
genuine on that account alone, even if tha
signature • was perfect," said . the, physi
cian.-- '- : ' . r .:V ; -V
DOCTOB MAKES . STATEMENT.
The note to Harry Bowers, written _on
tho same kind of -paper, is as follows:
"August 7.— Dear Brother Harry: As
Martin "Ms awful i sick /and would like to
see you as soon. as you can come. Tour
sister, Mrs. M. I* Bowers." Handwriting
Expert Kytka- has examined several hun
dred specimens of Mrs.; Martin Bowers'
chirography, and he asserts that there is
absolutely I no doubt ¦¦ that she wrote the
forged prescription by Which the arsenic
was" secured. ./,. •.'. ,. - .
-- tery surrounding the Illness and
death* of Martin L. Bowers. The-impris
oned widow is becoming further entangled
hour by hour. The officers are working
on several theories, however, and the as
pect of affairs may change at any time.
In tho early hours of yesterday morning
Cn?ef of Police Wittman, Theodore Kyt
ka, the handwriting expert, and Detec
tives Ryan and Coleman visited the house
at 370 Clementina street formerly occu
pied by the Bowers family and made a
more thorough search of the place than
had been made before, if resulted in the
discovery of about 2*) letters and a blank
book, from which the paper on which the
fateful prescription was written had been
torn, as the police believe., A note writ
ten on the same kind of paper to Harry
Bowers from Mrs. Martin Bowers was
also secured yesterday.
The blank book was about eight by five
inches in size and had a glazed brown
cover. Tlio parlor was of Inferior quality,
ruled. The fragment on which the pre
scription was written fitted the leaves
left in the book 'In respect to both tho
corners and the rulings. The book was
stitched together and one end of tho.pa
per, on which was the order for the o'unce
of arsenic,, was ragged. At the intervals
at which the stitches appeared' in the
book wero corresponding notches in. the
prescription Blip. The texture of the pa
per In the book and that on which the
prescription was written is the same.
GHIEF OF,. POLICE WITTMAN and
his subordinates are gradually
comiiiS to a solution of the mys-
Harry Bowers has always hated roe and h«
and his wlfn Irlei time and time again to s*i
Martin a'.vay fr-jm me. I believe them capable
of anything. I presume that they may have
done this with the idea that they might g?t
the money and to have revenge on me. It
will air come out riKht tn the end and th»
people who are condemning me now will have
an opportunity to' chacsc their minds.
In spite of the counter theory that Har
ry Bowers and his wife may have a "deep
er interest In the matter than has thus
far been disclosed the police are stron?
In the belief that the guilty ones are now
behind the bars. Patrick O'Leury la still
detained, although he Is believed to be
Innocent of any participation In the crime.
Chief. Wittman has been hard at work
on the case. Ho l<»ft hi* offtcf« yoatcrday
morning after hearin? Dr. McLaughlln's
statement, and had not returned ;it a late
hour last hignt: . Detective flyan was ;ln
court all day yesterday, but resumed his
Investigations last night. Detective*
Braig and Coleman arc also, cadeftrorins
to eolvc the mystcrj — ' — -^
Harry Bowers did dri-.k some beer In our
house one nisbt and fell on the- floor after
wards. He said at the time that he had had
several of those dizzy spells before. I nenT
thought that they would try to make out that
I attempted to poison him. I had no motive
for killing my husband. The money was mlno
if I wanted to take It at any time.
Harry Bowers and his wife did not ap
pear on the scene, however, until Martin
Bowers had been sick for more than two
months. It Is said that the Bowers
brothers were not on good terma for many
years. The former wife of Harry Bow
ers once threw pepper in the eyes of
Martin Bowers and stabbed him with a
hatpin- Mrs. Sutton has Intimated in her
statements to the authorities that sho
suspects the couple who first accused her
sister of murder. Mr3. Martin Bowers
said at the prison last night:
There was a grreat deal cf 111 feeling at timrs
between Harry and Martin lJowers. 1 do not
think they spoke a dozen words to each other
in the four years preceding the death of my
husband. When Martin was sick h*> asked me
to send for Harry, ami I did so. They were
quite friendly then. Harry and Sadie Bowers
wanted my husband to make a will. I sa'.d,
that If Ma-rtln die-i It would all come to me
anyway, to what was the use. They Insisted.
but.no will was made so far as I know. I
never founji out what they wanted to have put
in th« will.
WIDOW twattrr STATEMENT.
Harry Bowers, h." ; wife and Mrs. Martin
Bowers were the only persons who aro
believed to have fetl thp .deceased bridge
builder during his last Illness.
A new theory has arisen, that Harry
Rowers and his wife may know more •
than they have already tnld. The police
are also investigating this feature of the
case. It is polntM out that Harry Bow- .
ers visited t*e corone*'s office only a. ¦
few 1 jurs after the deatn of Martin Bow- ¦'
ers vCth the statement that his brother |
had been poisoned. He gave no reason
for entertalriin? this belief except that
he distrusted his sister-in-law. -T'
* -•-
rled in the slightest degree from her pre-j
viousk statements in reference to the pur- ',
chase of the arsenic. They wero ques- \
tloned separately and although there!
were several conflicting statements, their'
stories In the main agreed. Both are *
very nervous now and at times almost
¦hysterical. . The authorities feel that ono \
of them will soon break down and mate.
a confession.
FILE A PROTEST
AGAINST BLASTING
YESTERDAY morn
ing the police found
a blank book from
VvhicH was torn the fatetul
slip of paper on which 7/as
the forged prescription call
ing for the arsenic that is
believed to have killed Mar
tin Bowers. The identifica
tion was complete. Hand
\; ritirig Expert Kytka has
convinced the authorities
that Mrs. Martyi Bowers
wrote the prescription. An
other scrap of the same
kind of paper on which was
inscribed -a brief note to
Harry Bowers fjom the
suspected widow was also
unearthed yesterday.
Acts of Murdered
Man's Brother
Questioned.
Sisters Maintain
That They Are
Innocent.
, I
BAN FRANCISCO GIRL WHCJ (
BECAME JBRIDE OF LOS AN
GELEF. MAN.
e ¦
WIDOW OF P-RIDGP CARPENTER BOWERS. WHO MAY BE .CHARGED WITH MURDER FOR HAVING
CAUSED HIS DEATH BY • ADMINISTERING ARSENIC, AND HER SISTER WHO IS BELIEVED TO HAVE
-' BEEN AN ACCESSOR? TO THE CRIME.
Mr. and Mrs. Martin; E. Tew 'of 1615
Larkin street entertained last nveck cx-
Governor A. E. RJce of Willmar, Minn.,
and Professor F"rankforter of the Univer
sity of"Mlnnesota.v"Mr. Tew Is a; former
Minnesotan. His wife Is a native daugh
ter. ' .
Mr. and Mre. R. H. Pease. Miss Pease,
B. II. Pease Jr. and Mrs. R. L. ' Ogden,
who have been spending the summer, at
the Portland, in Or.,* expect to
return to town early in September. •
Captain Frederick T. Arnold of the
Fourth United States Cavalry will take
for his bride Misa Bessie Haynes, daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. P. Jay Haynes, Sep
tember 15 at Yellowstone Park. Captain
and Mrs. Arnold will reside at Fort Riley,
Kansas.
Mrs. Henry P. 8onntag will leave, for
the East about the middle of September
with the Intention of placing her daugh
ter. Miss Edith Sonntag, In school there.
The Sonntags have been ¦ spending the
summer at San Rafael. .-"> ,j.- .¦¦'¦..
Mrs. William M. Herrln and Miss Her
rln have returned from Shasta Springs,
where they have been spending the sum
mer months. Miss Alice Herrin is ex
pected from Europe this week. She Is
much benefited In health and will return
East later to go to schooL
After a vacation of three months the
California Club will begin another year of
active work with an Important meeting
to be held In the clubrooms. Young Men's
Christian Aesodatlon building, on Tues
day afternoon, September L The chief
feature of the programme will be an ad
dress by Gifford Pinchot, chief of the
United States Bureau pf Forestry- Mr.
Plncnot Is a recognized authority on aii
matters pertaining to the economics of
forestry, a subject of vital interest to the
members of the California Club. This or
ganization, of public spirited women has
always -been zealous in the promotion of
any movement tending toward the im
provement of forestry conditions on this
coast and was the Inaugurator of the
campaign to secure national legislation
for the preservation of the Calaveras Big
Trees and the conversion of the grove
Into a national park. The club will con
tinue its efforts In behalf of the Big-Trees
this year, with good prospects of success.
In addition to Mr. Pinchot'B address there
will be short talks by the president of the
club, Mrs. George Law Smith, and by
heads of departments and sections con
cerning proposed lines of work for the
coming year... The .programme will be fol
lowed by an Informal reception, during
•which refreshments -will be served.
ing, when fifty Invited guests as
sembled to wltnees the marriage of the
Probcrta* only child, Louise Florence, to
Charles W. Hugg. At precisely S:30 o'clock
the notes of the wedding inarch, played
by F. W. Duden, silenced the conversa
tion of the guests. The bridesmaid. Miss
Maurice Vogel, and Alex Carson, best
man. entered the room, followed . by the
bridal couple, who took their places un
der the. marriage bell, where they were
met by the Rev. J. A. B. Wilson, who
spoke the words that made them husband
and wife. The bride was charming in a
gown of white silk with old lace trim
mings. Her bouquet was white roees. The
bridesmaid wore a. gown of very" dainty
etatnine over pink, and carried pink car
cations. The wedding gifts wero numer
ous and beautiful. Mr. and Mrs. Hugs
are spending their fccmeymoon fn South
ern California, and upon their return wljl
reside permanently in Los Angeles.
* * •
THE home of- Mr. and Mr?. §eorgc
W. H. Probert, on Eighth street,
was tbe ecene of ~jnus{<", flowers
and feasting last Wednesday even-
Enters the Field for -Honor of Pre
siding: Over Republican Munic
ipal Convention.
Abe Ruef Till make a determined <f
fort to frcure the chairmanship of the
coming Republican municipal convention.
Ituef had no Intention of aspiring to this
coveted position, but his friends have pre
vailed on him to «mter the fight and he
Vias done so.' Opposed to him arc John
It. Partridge and Henry Ach. Ach, like
Huct is a member of the organization
« emmiuce of the United Republican
league. Partridge Is a young Republi
can. He presided over the last municipal
convention and performed his difficult
task In a, creditable manner.
Ruets intention* became known yes-
T^raay and caused e. great deal of dis
cussion In political circles. It is doubt
ful whether Ach will tit idly by and al
low Rucf to serure the honor. He has set
his heart on being chairman and bis
friends are making a fight for him. Cer
tain districts have pledged their support
;<nd Ach is confident of winning. Ruef
:;l!-o has a number of districts In the con
vention and unless * a compromise 1»
reached before the convention organizes
ihere will be a m«rry battle.
The Union L«ibor Party will hold Its
municipal convention next "Wednesday
night. In the Temple on Turk street. The
¦various parti»s are sending out notices
io their friends to register for the coming
election. The tiew bullet !s also being
explained to citizens. The Registrar has
ispoed a book containing tpeclal Instruc
tion to election officers governing the
¦ ountir.g of ballots under the new bal
lot law."
ABE KUEF AMBITIOUS
TO BE TKF CHAIRMAN
Home of Bride's Parents
the Scene of Pretty -
Ceremony. $
' Krctast A- Wiltsee, the well known mln
irg xnar. wno* recent acts of chivalry
in tic dcfcr.s9 of Mrs- Cornelia Baxter
Ti-vl» spair.it the persistent attentions of
J-ieulcifeiit John R. ISdia of the battle
»Ojip iridijz.* curing the height of the so
cial sea.-' n .it Bar Harbor brought him
irtu note -jety all . aver the country and
resulted 1:1 a complaint being lodged
against the naval ofBccr, arrived In the
<-iiy yesterday* -*¦ • —•_ *
WIltse<\ accompanied by Frederick Ba
ker of London, naanager of the I^ondou
Venture Companj*. of which the first
named is the American representative,
has com" West on business connected
vrttb the late purchases by the corpora
tion of Ee\cra! bis mining properties in
'.his country and Mexico, among them be
ing the famous Esperanza mine and the
Dolores group of gold producers, both of
¦wliich arc srttuated in the southern re
public.
Although Wlltsee has €ndeavored In
*"vcry manner to escape from th© notori
ety attending the recent incident at the
Ktlso Valley Club and a subsequent un
pWsant event when he was lorced to
thrasli n. mat-her who had insulted the
fair heiress of the Tcvis millions, his tall
iuid fanuliar figure quickly attracted no
tice in the Palace Hotel yesterday and
immediately recalled the affairs with
which his name had been associated.
When an attempt was made to Eecure
a statement from him, Wiltsee adopted
the same couree he pursued in the Hast
immediately after the Bar Harbor inci
dents, and positively refused to discuss
the matter. Upon his recent visit to this
•city with Frederick Baker the two gen
tlemen effected a deal for the purchase
of the Esperar.za. mine and are back here
now to close a deal for the acquirement
of the Dolores properties, which they
also bought Icr the English company
they represent.
A report reached here from the East
several days ago that Mrs. Baxter Tevis,
accompanied by her father and mother,
was bour.d for Monterey, where she owns
.-t beautiful place left to her by her late
husband. l.i«t u message of a later date
.-tated that the young widow was still In
•Vow York Htat?, confined to her apart
ments by a slight illness.
6arry M.i Martin, a postal clerk, well
known and prominent, is another brutal
husband, if the allegations made In the
complaint for divorce filed by Nellie Mar
tin are true. Their troubles began at the
postal clerks* picnic a year ago, when, she
avers. Martin cursed ; and abused her,
knocked her down ¦ and jumped on her
prostrate form. Sho charges also that for
the last year ho has . at least once a
month taken his wpges and caroused un
til- every". cent*, was spent. ; Mrs. Martin
says further . that during *,the months of
September,. October and November of last
year,- while she was vlsitinghery sick child
at' a ' hospital, he frequently locked | her
out, and that, once he was prevented from
strangling her, by her.- mother. "I'll make
you come, to /Ume,"> according to Mrs.
Martin's complaint/ is a threat frequent
ly used by her husband. : ,
The Martins;, were married September B,
ISM. Martin has considerable cash on de
posit In a ; local bank, and he has been
restrained ; from withdrawing it . pending
tha" outcome ' of the divorce proceedings..
POSTAL CLERK SUED.
Mrs. Howard winds up her. long state
ment of matrimonial. difficulties by a'.'cg-
Ing that though Howard is worth $150,000
for the. last fifteen days 6he has received
only $1 from him and that he has stopped
her credit at all the stores:
Howard's crowning act of cruelty, com
plains his wife, occurred last June, when
sho refused .to go to the California Thea
ter with him because he had been im
bibing too freely. She says he left "the
house In a rago and that she. a few min
utes after. followedMm. She went to
the' theater and learned that he had not
been there, and then 'telephoned home.
He answered the phone and iold her -to
meet him at a cafe. She says she was
sitting quietly at v a table when Hows^d
came in - and greeted her roughly and
abusively- He was ttwd by the head wait
cr to ke«p , aulet, ; but reused to do so
and finally commanded; her to go home,
accompanying the command with the re
mark, uttered In a loud voice: "This is
my wife. I found her with other men.
You come home."
from San Mateo* Mrs. Howard went
to *2a!istoEa to visit her -mother. Her
visit was an unpleasant one, because of
the stjries of her alleged misbehavior
rife in 'the town. They were circulated,
she says, bv Howard. £
She returned to this city and went with
Howard to l.:c at 42 Steiner street. , In
February of this year she says her hus
band came honie drunk. a#*d she, feannr
more trouble, went out, taking with her
heir child bv a former marriage, a son
aged 11. Sho says she returned about
5:30 d' clock and was taking off her street
clothes, when her husband roughly grasp
ed her, dragged her out of the room and
threw her I downstairs, hurling the boy
after her. She says that she appealed to
the captain of a fire company on "Waller,
street, and when he remonstrated with
Howard the latteri coolly, informed him
thr.t she vrCj drunk, a«jrt that he was but
dr igglng her lnto' Cl tho c house to prevent
her making a scene, v '
VISITS HUB. MOTHER.
Entrance to thchouso was fnatty ef
fected through a sido doox.' Mrs. How
ard's schemfc^to prevent the occupants
fronr ceding her husband evidently failed,
for she avers that they were" attracted
uy the angrj tones of her husband, who.
sho says t as soon a? ho saw that he was
observed' grasped a shotgun and ran wild
ly doivf: the stairs. Before doing so, how
ever, chrrges, Mrs. Howard, he had en
joye;"> himself ...to*- bev^ral minutes by.rr>
peatedly'commanding her to take off and
put on her weddincr ring. #
That ni & hi, continues Mrs. Howard, /her
husband, whea told by the- doctor that
she mujt havo peace and quiet, told her
he would spend the night at the Univer
sity CT,ub.' He packtQ his grip and left
the # house, but returned, she says, intoxi<
cated a'jout 3 o'clock in the morning. H«T
made his presence f*'^:, she says, by aris
ing her and herOttjirse and by ordering
the latter to get nt, notwithstanding^
that he knew sl.e could not reach her
hnip at that houOof the morning. All of
thif caused h&j*, Mrs. Howard avers," ex
treme nenta', torture^ and she trays, her
humiliation was complete^; when she
learned that, the feasts of the hotel
shunned her because 6i tho 'alse and de
famatory charges mide against her iii the
hotel by her husband. Because of the cir
culation of these stories, says Mrs. How
ard. J r£hu was compelled Ur> change • tier
•¦!feidence, gouig with her husband to the
hJme of Mrs. Bellanorc, at San Mateb.b?
They; were ther^'but a short time, she
avers when Howard resumed his .former
bnuiil ftctics. She says he came'"'h6m«.
d'unk Deeemb»r 5,,,'ghe met him, ahe
sais, in the garden surrounding the Bell
ajiore residence, .hs she did not wish
him *o bo seen in v th<i condition he was
in. She says his greeting wa,«. anything
u '-\t kindly and ended in herjielhg knock
ed blec-dliiB:and altiost f «ei«4eless to the
ground. He struck her,^ she says, be-'
c>-use she said she wr j insulted because
he demanded t" know if sho loved an
oCh'er man. ~. ft .
W. D. M-, Howard, capitalist, clubman
and mechanical engineer, is the defendant
tn one of the most sensational divorce
suits ever llled In the local courts.' It was
filed 'yesterday by . Grace •¦ 'Howard, 'to
whom he was married at Los Angeles In
April of last year. The charge is cruelty,
and tho complaint, which consists of ten
or twelve closely typewritten pages, con
tains allegations w.'ich if trtie show that
the couplo have had <¦"*> merry time of it
during the sixteen months they have lived
together. He is even accused of attempt-
Ing to cart away the furniture of their
flat at 4:;Steiner street, and on Mrs.
Howard's sworn statement to that effect
Judge Seawell issued an order restrain
ing him from despoiling their pretty home
until such time as -the court tan deter
mine the res£.jctivc rights thereto of the
couple. - . ; . ,
According to . the "complaint their trou
bles commenced last June while they were
K>ing at the McAllister Hotel, corner of
Van Jsess avenue and" McAllister street.
On the night of thr 9th of June, com
plains Mrs. Howard sho w?»s ill her
husband- came home slightly' intoxicated
rnd threw ho about the room. Shc'lsay-p
the next day he accounted to herfphysf
clan and nurse fpr the bruises she sus
tained l»y telMngO them ¦ that sho hutl
dressed and gone out the night befbre at
midnight. When her physic'an told her
sne was. endangering her life by leaving
her room she derCed having done so, but
was ,prompUj shut up by Howard, who,
she says, twined on heQ antPangrily said,
"You did so;' you are crazy. 0
SAID SHE WENT OUT.
Chivalrous Defender of Mrs
Baxter Tevis Is Here
on Business.
Charges Him With Treating
Her in a Cruel and Inhu- i
man Manner.
Mining Man Declines to
Discuss Incidents at
Bar Harbor.
So Claims Wife of Capi
talist Howard in a ,
Divorce Suit.
WILTSEE COMES
BUT IS SILENT
LOVE'S PATHWAY
IS A ROUGH ONE
AUTHORITIES WEAVE A STRONG WEB
OF DAMAGING EVIDENCE ABOUT TWO
WOMEN CONFINED AT CITY PRISON
LOUISE FLORENCE PROBERT
WEDS CHARLES WILLIAM HUGG
Pages 33 to 44
JWes 33 to 44
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; AUGUSTs 30, 1903.Jim Corbett May Fight Again.
Lacrosse Match a Draw.
VANCOUVER. B. C.. Aug. ».-Twelv e
thousand people at Brockton Point this
afternoon witnessed the lacrosse game
between Vancouver and New Westmins
ter in the series for the, provincial cham
pionship. The match was declared a
draw. This gives the championship to
Vancouver, which has not lost a game
this season. * *""
SEATTLE. Aug. • 2f». — Following Is- a sum
mary of to-day's races at The Meadows, the
last of the season:
2:552 trotter* — Sweet Marie wen In two
straight heats; Idyl Wild second; third and
fourth divided between .Mark Hanna and
Four and a half furlongs — Nona B won,
Nellie May second, Jim Gore third. Time.
:00\4. • .
Five furlongs — Resigned won, Midway sec
ond, Ruvia third. Time, l:03H-
Five furlongs— Thlsbe won, Jerld second Pat
O'Ran third. Time. 1:01%.
Six furlongs — Mystic Prldo won. Remark sec
ond; Nanome third. Time, 1:14V*.
Mile and seventy yards— Dlamanta won, Ul
truda second. Solon third. Time, l:4HVi.
On« mile— Pettigrew won. Lone Fisherman
second. Constellator third. Time, 1:44}*.
Racing at The Meadows.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 29.— The will of Mrs. Ma
rie Schwerln, who died here on August 24. has
been found to bequeath property valued at *v
era.1 thousands of dollars to *h« Ttifosophtcal
Raja Toga School at Point Loma.
Wins Second Lipton Cup Racel
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— The second race of
twenty-one-foot yachts for the cup of
fered by Sir Thomas Llpton was won to
day by the Sprite. The Little Shamrock
was second, half a mile behind the Sprite
The Hoosier wa* third. The race was
over a twelve-mile course. The third racp
will be sailed Monday.,
NORFOLK. Va.. Aug. 29.-Tfce Ameri
can barkentlne James J. Hamlln of Port
land. Me., which went ashore on IMamond
Shoal .near Cape Lookout. IT. C last
night, is a total loss. The crew wa.-*
saved. The Hamlln cleared I.imj Jack
sonville. Fla., August 29, for New YorK
with lumber.
Barkentine a Total Loss.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— Pedlar Palmer,
the boxer, who has been inactive of late*
has signed articles to meet Spike Rob
son' of London in London on September 4
in a twenty-round bout. They will meet
at catch weights. Those who have s»en
Robson put up his hands say he Is PaJ
mer's superior in cleverness. Palmer's
defeat in this event would mean his re
tirement from the rlnsr.
Pedlar Palmer to Fight Kobson.
Uncle has another new one In the person
of Phil Howell. a big husky youth from
Vlnalla. The lad is uald to be a pitcher who
can really pitch. .. He will be given a chance
to go borae this morning on the Oakland dia
mond against tha Cripples. If he makes good
he win become one of Uncle's family. Vlsalta
has produced Hall of Los Angeles ; and Overall
of. Berkeley, r o - Howell will have .that much
to Ills credit, anyhow. _
ZfarfOEs was the only. man on Uncle's team
to fan the wind. He mad? a hit every other
time at the bat. so the cranks will forgive him
for •"biting."
That little stubborness on the part of Uncle
Peter Lohman will cost the Oakland manage
ment Just $100. A nice sum to pay for be
ing no Important as not to listen to an umpire
when, he Is merely dotng his duty.
Tommy Leahy playod the initial bag in
Rreat form yeBterday. This la the first time
Tommy has been there this season, but he
handled the difficult throws all right and did
not seem to , be bothered when the base run
ner* tore Into the bag. •
Dave Zearfoss ought to make good with
Uncle-.- and prove a great favorite. He is a
heavy hitter, according; to dope, and ils con
sidered a first-clasB thrower. If he lives up to
his, reputation. Uncle may thank .his stars he
acquired the man whom Brooklyn wanted.
The talent reems to be getting slower all the
time. Not a single base was stolen yesterday.
Cooper was the only member of the Oakland
team to make an error. He fell down twice
on easy bunts.
Baseball Notes.
The spectators at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday saw some unusually long
and well contested trials between well
matched greyhounds. The first round of
an open event and a consolation number
for the beaten dogs formed the card. Fa
vorites were generally successful, the tal
ent experiencing but few setbacks
throughout the day.
The stake has an open look to-day, a
number of creyhounds figuring to have
a ohance for first money. Among those
expected to run well into the money are
Idaho Boy. Full Moon.l'Young Fearless,
Pasha Pleasant and Black Coon. These
all showed great speed yesterday, win
ning their trials in impressive style. The
results in detail with Judge Thomas Tier
ney's official scores follow:
Open stake— Homer Boy beat Tom Hurlick.
K-X; Sylvan beat Flora Temple. 9-4: Bonnie
HughleHeat Miss Orlzsle. «-l; Modest Beauty
beat Imperious. 5-0"; Little Mercy beat Articu
late. 4-0; Idaho Boy beat Royal Friend. 5-0;
Helfast beat Uoc Burns. 4-2; Mount Rose beat
Durtaway, 7-1; Harlean Gladys beat White
Hat 7-4; Equator beat Fannie Hujrhle. 10-0;
Little Lucy beat Belura. 6-1 ; Bob R beat
Sltevpnamcn, 4-2: Full Moon beat Boco . Girl.
4-2; Half Moon beat Krishna, 5-2: Lulu Girl
a bye, Brilliancy withdrawn; Kettleman . beat
Consolation stake — Tom ilurllck beat Flom
Temple. 10-5; Imperious beat Miss Grizzle. 7-2;
Royal Friend beat Articulate. 8-4: Doc Burns
brat Dartaway. 12-2: Fannie Hughfe beat
Whit" Hat. 3-1 : Sllevenamon b«at Beluga, ti-3;
Krishna beat Boco Girl, 7-5: Chill Mara a bye.
Brilliancy wtthdrawn: General Dewet beat
Idle Fellow, 12-tJ; Anchor beat Moonbeam. 5-0;
Remisso Anlmo beat Luxury, 6-5; King Death
beat Terah. 3-2; Meddlesome beat Emln Bey,
6-1; Pure Pearl beat air Pasha, 11-3; Advance
Guard beat Fine Gold. 14-4; Ragtime beat
Rlenzl, 10-3; Rockefeller beat Lady Flyer. 0-3;
Duhallow beat Yellowtall. 4-3; The Coroner
beat Go On, 5-2: Kastlake beat Young Rusty,
G-0; Cascade beat Chid Eyes, 5-3; Minnie Sankey
beat Sen Juan, 5-0.
Chili Mars. U-2: Toung Fearless beat Oneral
Dewet, 10-3: Haddlngton beat Idle Fellow,
6-0; Pasha Pleasant beat Anchor, S-0; Our
Myra beat Moonbeam. 8-«J: J. C. Heenan beat
RomlMO Anlmo. 0-7; Jingle Bells beat Luxury.
4-2: Lily Wright beat Terah, «-5: Black Coon
beat King Death. 11-1: Little Plunder beat
Meddlesome. S-I: Pepper Jack beat Emln Bey.
U8-5; Doreen beat Pure Pearl, 7-.1; Shadow
beat Sir Pasha, 11-4: Medley beat Advance
Guard. 7-1: MolUe Me beat Fine Gold, 4-2:
Tyrone Prince beat Ragtime. 3-0: Theti* beat
Rlenzl. 7-3: Roy Hughle beat Lady Flyer, 0-0;
Melrose bfat Rockefeller, 8-4; Presidio Boy
beat Duhallow, 5-3; Snapper Garrison beat
Tellowtall. 14-4; Flying Fox beat Go On. 5-3:
Rock and Rye beat The Coroner. 0-4: Lady
Menlo beat Eastlake. 5-1; t>onny brook beat
Toung Ruety, 14-0; Sofala beat Odd Eyes. 4-0;
Miss Wilson beat Cancade. 0-5; Topsy Turvey
beat Minnie Sankey. 5-0; Sweet Peas beat San
Juan, 4-o.
REAJWIMaS, M*.S3.. Augr. 23.— The
Grand Circuit races at Beadvlll© were
declared oft to-day on account o£ rail
with the exception of the Neporsset stakes
for 53000. In which pacers eligible to the
2:10 class last spring were entered. This
event will be raced Monday Torenoon.
This afternoon Mart Demarest. driver
of Prince Alert (2.00), Issued a challenge
to any pacer In the worid for a raco for
frorn flo.OCO to 125.000, the match to be
best two in three heats oc three jn five,
the latter preferred.
Ittark Demar^st Anxious to Meet Any
Horse for Purae of $15,000
to $25,000.
PACERS ABE CHALLENGED
TO RACE PBINCE ALERT
WELL MATCHED GREYHOUNDS MEET
ON THE INGLESIDE COURSING FIELD
' S' to 5— Amur. 140 (Mara) 2.2 2 2»4
H to 6 — Valdez. 155 -(Donohue). . . 3 3 3.12
Tlrn?. 4:25. tftart'feood. Won flrivlng. [Win
ner, Mr. Chamblef s ch. g. by Juvenal-Castalla.
Ohnet 135. Rep Lightly. lGTi, also ran. :
SECOND RACE— Five and a half . furlongs;
selling; two-year-olds. .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to I— (Jrenadf. 103 (O'Neill). ... 1 1 1 .1 2
rt to 1— Funny Bide. 102 <R*drern). ¦', 2 2 n
H to I -PwMt Tone. 104 (Helgesem 4 3 3 h
Tim* 1 1 :<>5 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. S. Pagpfs b. B. by St. Oatleii-Turnioll.
Monster IWJ Tomcod 102. Extralaw 93. Redman
f>«. Donnelly 104. Bob Murphy 107. Mtmon 00,
Mildred L M 8ft, Knowledge 107. Edna Edward*
8'J, Anna Hastings SO, Tommy Rot 03. also ran.
THIRD RACE — Fall handicap: three-year
olds tfr.d upward; *lx furlonys on main track,
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 34 Fin.
.1 to 1 — Shotgun. 100 (Gannon) :t 1 1 'iVi
7 to 2— River Pirate. 110 (Hicks). 4 3 2 3
10 to 1— Ingold. 103 (J. Martin) 2 2 3 2
Time, 1:11 2-0. Start good. Won easily.
Winner W. B. Jennings' b. c. by Artillery-
Prlnci" Mor«>tti. Himself lOfl. Lux Casta IIS,
Lady Uncas 100. Articulate 114, The Musketeer
lift, also ran. ,- '¦
FOURTH RACE— Futurity: two-year-olds;
f\r. fur'.ongs on Futurity course.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 1— Hmbrg Brlle. 114 (Fuller). I 1 1 h
5 to 1— Leonidas. 123 (R4dfero> 2 3 2 4
S to 1 — The Minuteman. 122 (Bllm> 4 4 3 4
Time, 1:13. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner. Sydney Paget's ch. f. by Hatnburg-Islac
Audience 114.. Highball 127. Little Km 114.
Kohlnoor 117. Mercury m. Lady Amelia lit,
Adbell 117, Collector Je9sup 117, Broomstick
127. Delhi 127. Rain or Shine 110. Ancestor 115.
Raglan 125. Midshipman 117, Phaser 117. also
ran.
¦ KIFTlf RACE— One mile; selling;' three-year
olds end upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. 6t. *J Fin.
0 to &— Stroller. 103 (Reed) 1 1 l m
7 to 2— Thorneycroft. 109 (Hicks).. 3 2 2 8
0 to fr— Vlncennes. 101 (O'Neill)... 2 3 3 4
Time, t :45. Start good. Won ridden out. Win
ner. J. F. Schorr's b. g. by Ornament-Prom
enade. Paset 03, Locket 98, also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles on
turf: three-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Hor«e. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
•1 to 2— Flying Shlp.114 (O'Neill) 2 I 1 «
•60 to 1— Swampland,lCS(W. Daly). 1 2 2
it to 5— Blk. Hussar. 100 (J.Mrtn) Left.
•Two starters finished. Time. 1:54. \ Start
bad. Won easily. Winner. W. Clay's b. f. by
Flying Dutchm&n-Phalla. Collegian 108 left
Stolen bares— Doyle <2), Hildebrand. Errors
— Eagan (2), Anderson, Elsey. Three-base hit
— Nadeau. Two-baie hits — Anderson. Klsey
Sacrifice hits — McLaughlin. Anderson. Flr»t
base on errors — Portland 2. First base on
called balls — Off Brown 2: off MeFarland 2.
Left on bases — Sacramento 6: Portland 6
Struck out — By McFarlan 3. Double plays— '-
Eafran and Hogan; Hogan to Eagan to Hogan
Wild pitch— Brown. Time of game — 1 hour 30
minutes. Umpire — O'Ccnnell.
SUMMARY.
Senators and Portland Play One of
the Snappiest Contests of Season. ¦
SACRAMENTO. Au«r. 29.— The game >e
t^een theTortland and Sacramento teams to
day was ore or tte best played and snappiest
of the season. It fairly bristled with brilliant
fielding efforts at all stages. The Senators ob
tained four hits and four runs off i-cFarlan
In the first inninr. After that ttwy tould do
nothing with his delivery. Two hits and two
runs were made off Brown In the first Inning
and one In the sixth. At all ether stages he
held the Portlands at his mercy. Score:
Sacramento— Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. | AB. R. H. P. A.
Ca*ey.2b. 5 1 1 .1 4iUIaJce.rf. 3 10 4 0
HIdbrd.lf 3 1 1 S 0 V.Bm,cf. 4 0 0SO
HcLhn.rf 3 0 12 1 Kdeau.lf. 4 2 8 1 O
Eagan.FS 4 114 4 Andrn.2b 3 O 2 1 4
t?hehn.3b 4" O 1 O 2 Frncis.Sb S O 1 2 1
Doyle.cf. 3 10 2 l;Hllgw,ss. 4 0 116
•Jrahm.c. 4.0 2 2 l.Elsey.lb. 4 O 2 12 O
Hogan.lb 4 0 0 7 2,He»is.c... 4 0 0 3 0
Brown.p. 4 0 0 0 1 McFrln.p 4 0 10 1
Totals S4 4 7 27 16 Totals 83 3 10 27 12
RUNS AND lUTS BY INNINGS.
Sacrament* 4 O 0 O O O- O 0 0 4
Base hits 4 (» 1 O o 2 O O 0 T
Portland ..2 O O O 0 1 O O 0 5
Base h!!3 2 10 10 2 2 2 0—10
GOOD GAME AT SACRAMENTO.
PERU, Ind., Augr. 23.— A "Wabash train
carrying: the St Louis and Cleveland
American League baseball teams wju
wrecked ea^'y tins morning at Napoleon.
Ohio. Several of the pl»*:;rs were hurt.
as follows: "William 3uanoff. pitcher for
the St. Louis team, hand cut and wrist
sprained; Sydney Mercer, secretary of
the St. Louis, uam. rib fractured; Eu
mett Heldrick. center fielder. St. Louia.
right lejr and face badly cut; Napoleon
La Jole, Cleveland, knee «pralne<*. Several
others were bruised. Another train wt> «
made up at Peru and Ii is thought tho
teams will arrive In St Louis for the
game this afternoon. The wreck
caused by the misreading: of a signal.
Members of the St. "Loui- and Cleve
land Anv^rican I>agrue Teams
in Smash. Pp.
BASEBALL PLAYEBS HTJBT
IN WABASH TPZTN WBECK
Year. HORSE. Time. Value.
J8N8. Proctor Knott. ? I ilR 1-R ~ S4O.OOO
1SSJ). Chno* 1HB 4.R B4 6SO
1500. Potomac.. Ill4 1.fi «7«75
1501. His Hlffbncs* liin 1-n «1«7%
•IKim. Morello 1,12 1-5 4O4OO
INJin. Domino 1:12 4-6 4ft *tAO
O.1SO4. I nnttcrflles l»ll 4ST1O
1*O5. I Kennltal 1:113-5 . 53 ion
1KOO. I Ocden 1,10 43 700
I8f»7. I/AIonette till 84 2»0
180S. Martimns lilS 2-5 • 3H «1O
18!)0. Chacornaa ........... lilO 2«5 .in'fi'tn
JftOO. nallyhoo ner.... 1«1O J3 58O '
1IIO1. I Yankee liO0 1-5 30,800
•»tOO2. I Savahle 1 a* 44 B5O
UK)3. I Hnmbnrg Belle J 1.13 46.ftSo
•Redoced to "Fnturltr Coumo." 120S yards 1 foot. **Run on
Xe*v Futnrity Course, mil nix furlongs.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlong*. *el!fng: • .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i. Fin
2 to 1— Hindus. 107 (Adkins) *4 2 1 2U
11 to 5— Muresea. 99 (Williams)... 1 1 •» l "
8 to 5— Sardine. 09 (Wilson) 2 5- ' ?. I
Time t:18. Start «rood. Won easily. Win
ner. L. Jones' b. g. b, Volante-Ignite. Z^-ra KM
Pompey 1C5. Max Bendlx J>0. Blum** 101
Boundary 97 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs, aelllag:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jcckey. St. »i. Fin.
3 to 1— Orff^. 102 (Adktns) 2 8 11
S to 2— Skthdl. 105 (Phillips) 1 l 2 2'i
10 to 1— Lurallghter. 100 (Stllle).. 6 4 3 h
Time 1:18. Start good. Won easily. Wlnnor.
E. Corrigan's b. g. by Orslnl-Moonllt. Bru
lare 107. Handley Cross 1C9. Jo« Martin lli".
Mindora. 105, Howendobler 113 also ran.
Time 1:34 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. H. MeDermott & Co.'* b. g. by Top
Gallant-Sallle Hagen. Flenron 111. Prince
Blazes 107. Censor 105. Bab 107. Fako lia
Moabina 102. Hayden 102 also raa.
Betting. Hone. Welgrht. Jockey. St. %. Fin
10 to l-fXHagen, 107 (Hoffler)...6 4 lh
11 to ft— Bard Burns. 103 (Adklns). 7 1 2 1
12 to 1— Melbourne. 100 (Rofiblns). 5 8 .1 I
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs. Benin*
THIRD liACE — Two znlles, Endurxac*
¦takes :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Joeiey. St. %. Yin.
I to 2— Judge HIme*. 05 (Phillips) 2 1 11
7 to 2— Bondage, 91 (Robbtns) 1 3 2 6
4 to 1— Slddon*. 113 (Adklna) 3 2 3
Time 3:43. fitart good. Won pulled up.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's ch. c. by Eaher-Lulla
by. Only three started.
BECOND RACE — Ste*plecb&M, abort course,
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «. na.
7 to 2 — Oliver Me, 138 rCorbley).. 5 114
4 to 1— Indian II, 150 (MeAuliff*) 2 2 2 2*i
5 to 2 — Moranda. 13S (Huester) . . 3 3 3 6
Tlnfe 3:04 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. Smith's b. r. by StoneMnge-Mar
gery. Imperialist 145 also ran. Paulaker Ho.
threw rider, Deblalee 135, ran out.
CHICAGO, Aug. 23i— Judge Himes eas
ily won the Kndnrar.ee stakes, the fea
ture of the closing day of the summer
meeting at Hawthorne. Slddon* was
backed from 6 to 1 to i to 1 by tha strong
play of Califoralans. but third was the
best he could do, Bondage, the only other
starter, running away from him in the
stretch.' Tha sixth race was declared
off and a six furlong sprint substituted.
Track heavy, weather wet. Attendance
large. Monday the racing- scene shifu
to Harlem. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Serven rartougs, •elllag:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4. Fta.
S to 1— Lady Mthlesa, 98 (Knapp) 3 114
12 to 5— Majn*elle. 93 ("Phillips)... 4 8 2 h
9 to 2 — Antole*. 100 (Adidas; « 2 3 3
Time 1:33. Start good. Won gallopiay.
Winner. C. Hellebuach's br. f. fcy Haadsprins-
Mlnty Cutter. Safeguard 102. Little Mission 98.
Emma A M 100. Sea Lion 110. Jet 98. Pttn
pino 107. Lola. L 102. Eaalsi. Ill ai*> ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— One and a quarter miles,
•elllng:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
10 td 1— Menace. 105 (F. Smith)... 3 3 11
5 to 1— South Breeze: PO (Perkins) S i; Jne
3 to 1 — Satin Coat. 106 (J. Sheehan) 1 5 .: 4
Time. 2:12. Start good. Won easily Win
ner. r. J Milieu's b. m. by Rainbow-Men
dacity. -V\e!sh Girl 103. Eliza Dillon DO. Exapo
91. The Way 105. Latson 105. also ran
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs, ssll
lng:
Betting. -Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
9 to 10 — Jake Weber, 108 (J. Sh'hn) 2 2 15
3 to 1— Mimo. 105 (Shea) 3 124
6 to 1— Tom Klngsley. 102 «Boyd) 4 3 a 20
Time. l:23»i. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. F. Fork's b. gr. by Kingston-Carmencita
Echo Dale 111. also ran.
.FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Hor*e. Weight. Jockey. 6t. 4 Fin.
4 to 1— Kindred. 100 (J. Sheehan). B " 13
3 to 2— Frank Bell. 107 (Shea)....*: i 2 nk
9 to 2— Mallory. 05 (D. Austin)... 2 3 3 2
Time. 1:13. Start good. Won •aslly. Win
ner, E. and iu Bohlroan's b. h. oy Kingston-
Kitty L. Miss Golightly 107, Worthington »O.
also ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile and seventy yard*. *eU-
Ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— El Rey. 107 (Sculley) 7 1 1 h
6 to 1— Lynch,. 100 (Perkins) 6 2 2 8
13 to 1— Hucena. 92 (Howell) 5 3 3 nk
Time. l:S0. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. E. Dtaly & Co.'* ch. g. by Rey del
81erra*-Allc'e N. W. B. Gates 108, Brown Vail
93. Leenja 08. Ida Penzance 107. Chlckasha
SO, Benson Caldwell 110. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs,
•elllns: •*
Betting. Bone. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Tom Crabb. 102 <R. Murphy) S 3 1 2
17 to 10— Weird. 107 (J. Sheehan).. 2 12 1
12 to 1 — Duela. 100 (Bridewell) 12 32
Time. 1:24. Start good. Won eaelly. Win
ner. J. J. Comerford 3t Co.'* b. c by Reeplen
dent-Punchy. Stub 95, Sweet Dream 103 also
ran.
8 to 1— Cresslda, 85 (Perkins).... 2 3 2 nk
Time. 1:25. Start good. Won eaaily. Win
ner. F. C. Prltchard 1 * ch. f. by Tammany-
Casseopla. Loca 05. Pilaster 09. Called Back
106. Tambourine Olri 85. Swart Plet 104,
Escanaba 100. Little Henry II 106. also ran.
BT. LOUIS, Aug. 29.— This was "get
away" day at the Kinloch Park track
and the sport will be transferred back
to Delmar Monday. The track showed
little trace of the recent heavy rains and
fair time was mada In all of the six
event3.
The feature of the programme was the
fourth race, a handicap at six furlongs.
Frank Bell and Miss Golightly were about
equal choices, with Mallory a mild third
choice. Summaries:
FIRST RACE — Six and & half furlongs, sell
ing:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Slah. 92 (Shea) 1112
8 to 2— Pay th« Fiddler. 102 (P.
Smith) .- 3 2 2 4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 29,-Gray was as
wild as a March hare and St. Vrain as
steady as a chronometer. That tells the
story of Los Angeles* defeat to-day by
the score of 10 to L The locals have had
three hard days of it in succession, mak
ing a single tally in each and a total of
cliven base. hits. Seattle fielded, ran
bases and batted like champions to-day,
while the leaders were rather listless
after the fifth inning. Gray forced In
two runs and committed other offen8«?s In
fielding that netted runs. Attendance,
2000. Score:
Lo» Anrelei — Seattle —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. V. A.
Hoy.cf... 4 110 1 Lumly.cf 4 2 12 0
Whelr.Sb 4 0 113 Mohlr,2b. 3 2 2 0 3
Corbtt.2b 4 0 10 3 Brehr.lb. 3 1 O 15 0
IUll.in.lb 4 O O 11 2 Fmtth.rf . 4 14 0 0
Cravth.rf 3 0 O 3 O Zinnsr.lf. 6 112 0
Ross.If.. :i <> 1 1 O Andw,3b. 3 O 1 O 1
Toman.ss 3 0 0 12 Dolan.ss. 4 1 1 2 A
fcples.c... 3 0 0 8 liByercc. 4 0 0 « 2
Gray.p... 3 0 0 2 2 St.Vrln,p 5 2 0 0 3
Total* 31 1 4 27 1*1 Total* 35 10 10 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
L«a Angeles OOOOOIOO 0 1
.Base hit; 0 10 10 2 0 0 0 4
Seattle 1 0 I O 1 4 0 0 3 10
Base hits. 2 o 0 O 2 3 1 0 2 10
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases— Rom. Brashear, Smith. Error*
—Corbett. Toman (2), Gray (2), Brahear
Two-base hltn — \Vh«e!er. 8mlth. Sacrince hits
— Lamlejr. Zlnssar. Dolan. Andrew*. First
ba*e on error*— Los Angeles 1; Seattle 4. Flmt
taxe on called balls — Off St. Vrain 1; off
Gray 5. Left on bases — Los Angeles 3; Seat
tle S. Double play — Gray to Spies to Dillon
Struck out— By Gray 5; by St. Vrain 5. Hit
by pitcher— Byers. Mohler. Time of game— 2
hours. Umpire— McDonald.
His Errors Help the Los Angeles
Team to Its Third Defeat.
PITCHER GRAY IS WELD.
Hits — Off I^ee 2, oft Cooi*r 12. Krror«
Cooj*r 2. Phay. Kru*. Hodson. Two-base hits
— fc'hay 2. Moskiman. Meany. Sacrifice hit
Irwtn. Flr»t base on errors — San Francisco 2
Oakland 1. First b.-?«e on called halls On"
Hodson 2. off Cooper 2. L*ft on bases— San
F.anclw-o 13, Oakland 0. Struck out— By Hod
*on 2, by Cooper I. Hit by pitcher— Lynch.
Time of tame — One hour and Wt minutes. Um
pire-Weaver.
Oakland 0 0 O 2 0 0 0 0-^ •>
Bat» hlte 2 112 2 0 1 1—10
San Francisco O 0 3 1 0 0 0 I— ft
naee hits 0 2 4 2 10 3 2—14
SU1IMART.
STANDING OF THE CUJB3.
DEL MCCCTE, Aug. 2a.-3tobert J. John
stone, th© professional of the San Fran
cisco Go!f Club, Is the champion of tho
Pacific Coast Golf Association for 1903.
He «<a that title and a prise of one
hundred dollars on the D«I Monte links
to-day with a score o? 236 for seventy-two
holes.' F. J- Reilly, the professional of
t-he Burtlngame Courtry Club, took sec
ond place and a money prize of thirty
dollars with a score of 293. Third place
and a prixe of twenty dollars were cap
tured by George Smith, the professional
of the Oakland Golf Club.
The contest was over seventy-two holes
and tock up the xnorxlng and afternoon of
to-day and yesterday. About twenty en
tries were received for the event, but of
these only thlirteea. seven professionals
and Fix amateurs, took part in the ct~a
petition. The amateurs were paired with
the professionals for each morning's and
afternoon's play, one amateur drawing a
bye.
The third round began this morning, vne
day being warm and pleasant.
The competitors were paired as follows:
F. J. Rellly and A. G. Harvey; W. Welsh
and J. J. Crooks; J. Melville and W.
Frederickson; Alexander Bell and C E.
Orr; Robert J. Johnatone and Capt. J. S.
Oyster? George Smith and J. W. Byrne;
L>r. W. M- Carpenter drawing the bye and
playing rour.d with T. Robbins. The
scores were as follows: J. Melville 74, A.
G. Harvey 74. R. J. Johnstone 75. F. J.
ReiJly 77. Capt. J. S. Oyster SI, George
Smith S3, W. Frederickson 83. Dr. W. M.
Carpenter S3. Alexander Bell 86 W. Welsh
S«. J. J. Crooks S3. J. W. Byrhe 04. C. E.
Orr no returns.
The fourth rour.d was played ,.his af
ternoon. J. Melville being paire<? with J.
W. Byrne. Geo. Smith with C. E. Orr,
W. Welsh with Capt. J. S. Oyster, F. J.
Reilly with A. G. Harvey, F. J. Johnstone
with W. KrederiekFon, Alexander Bell j
rrith r>r. XV. M. Carpenter. J. J. Crooks •
a bye. The last named w^-nt round tho!
course with T. Robbins. The full score- j
of the players are as follows:
R. J. JohtMtcne 71, 71, 75. 79—296.
V. J. Retlly 7S. 74. 77 74—209.
Oeorge Smith 75. "i. 83. 77 — ;ilO.
IJ. Melville S2 80. 74, 75 — 314.
A. O. Harvey 81, S4. 74. SO — 31f
W. FrederirVgos 77. 82, S3. 7S— =20.
Alexander B«O 77. 82. &6, 7S — 3i*t '
W. UVlth 75, 79. K6. S2— 33?
<"aptaln J. Oyster 83. 02. 6\. 89—351.
I>r. W. M. Camer.ter K8. »5, M. 83 — 355
J. J. Crook* JC 84, U3, SC — 3M.
J. W. Byrne yO. 00. M, 87— CC1.
«*. E. Orr h7. -io return*.
Johnstone nearly lost tue championship
at the eeventy-fitv'. hole. His ball landed
on the drive {n a tangled heap of boughs
and timber ir.' which it seemed hopeless
to find it. Py good fortune he founr Jt
and after clearing away the loose timber
played it out successfuCy. Had - e failed
to f,na It he would h»ve been obliged •
t» <Jr!ve another ball, losing stroke i
and distance. '
d ~' : !
(Pacific Coast Le*rue,)
W. I* Pet. XT. I» Pet.
Loa An*.. .94 4* .680 Portland ...*» 67 .4«8
3an Fran.. 77 61 .558 Seattle ....57 72 .444
Sacto flS 6S .50D Oakland ..57 87 .394
For a long time the venerable Peter
Lohmxa baa be«a due to start something
at R«cr*atloa ball park. During all this
period of waiting he has b«en good to a
certain degree. Why. U best known to
himself. But yesterday afternoon he got
gay for the first Uia« In many moons. In
I consequence Buck Weaver was forced to
call the battle oft In the eighth Inning
and forfeit the game to the homo team—
> to 0. The score at that time- was San
r-andsco 5. Oakland 2.
Weaver did the right thing, and at the
same time showed he is possessed of a lit
tle backbone acd Is not afald of any
of the rude tossers when they try to show
him up. The spectators teemed to -p
"ove of Buck's action and went home
satisfied.
It was the latter half of the el&Jth ta
ring-. Shea had led off with i double and
crossed the plate on one of the same
brand from the bat ofMeany. Irwln laid
down a bunt and Coo$r fumbled the ball,
putting two on the bags with no one out.
1 Tommy Leahy held the club, and Cooper
threw ine that Lohman thought should
Ue a strike, though the umpire called It a
ball.
Lohman made some remark to Weaver,
and th«> latter Immediately walked for
ward aud ordered the offensive leader of
the Cripples out of the game. Lohman
refused to go. Instead he sat down and
tried the" game of bluff.
Weaver pulled out his watch ind wait.
ed patiently fot Lhman to obey his or
der. When the allotted five minutes had
elapse and the warlike Peter still re
mained unchanged in his disposition.
Weaver cried, "Game called" and Imme
diately left the grounds, followed by the
fans. %
The home team had the Cripples under
the spell of their batting chain i from the
call of time, and would have piled up
about a dozen more runs had the game
not been forfeited. Every man on the
team seemed to be right re- hitting the
ball. The curves of Lee ana Cooper had
jv* terrors for them.
Lee started to pitch for the Grippes,
but was hit by a batted ball In the second
spasm and retired in favor of Southwlng
er Cooper. Then the natives began to get
busy with their clubs. Meany. Irwin,
Krug and Zearfoss all landed on the solar
plexus of the sphere, and their efforts
netted just three tallies— a good start to
war" winning the game.
The Cripples began to look a bit dans^r
<vis in their half of the fourth, when they
got Jerry to j. few of Hodson's softest
offerings and began to hit the little man
a few. Two runs crossed over the pan.
After that they secured no more, although
Hoddle was bumped in all for ten hits
during the eight innings of action. It was
swell fielding behind him that kept many
a tally at a distance.
In the fourth Danny Shay led off with
a double to the score board. Meany pent
htm around to third on an out. Irwln was
there just In .lme with the big bingle, and
Danny made the circuit v «th the fourth
run. The last one came over In the eighth,
when the fun was broken up, thanks to
Peter and his peevish ways.
Dave Zearfors made h!s bow to the Rec
reation Park fans, and just to get in right
with the multitude he banged the ball for
three solid bingles out of four times up.
Pabst has a sore lep. so Lahy will have
to look out for things at the initial bag
till the tall German is ready to get into
the harness once more. The score:
Oakland— 1 San Francisco—
AB. R. H. P.A.' AB. Ft. H. P.A.
•VHra.cr 3 O I .1 ftfhay.g.. 5 :< 2 4 l
Oevrx.rjb 4 o 2 1 2 Meany.rt S 12 10
Mikmi If 4 O 1 :t O !rwln.3b. 4 I 2 O :{
Khutz.?b 4 0 2 3 O-»ahy.lb 4 O 0 0 0
Mrdck.rf 4 O o I f, r.earfrn.c 4 0 3 2 1
Frnrks.s .1110 3 Xrup.cf. 4 0 4 11
Msrly.lb 4 118 0 Lynch. If 3 O 0 3 o
Lohmn.c 4 0 11 0;Delma,2b 4 0 14ft
Le*.p.... 10 0 1 (Vllcdson.p 2 0 0 0 3
Cooper, p 20101
Totals 35 5 14 24 15 i
Total* 33 2 10*21 TJ
•No outs when came was called.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Special Dispatch to Tb» C*B.
In spite of the unpleasant weather be
tween 20,000 and 23.000 persons were in
attendance when the Futurity was run.
Hamburg Belle is the third filly to win
the' Futurity. The others were The But
terflies and L'Alouette. Her owner, Mr.
Paget. is credited with winning $30,000 by
her, victory. John J. Ryan, the Western
track owner. Is said to have won $50,000.
Sydney Paget, who is registered as the
lessee of Hamburg Belle's running quali
ties, received $36,300 as the winner's share.
Leonidas won $4250 by taking second place
and $2250 went to Madden for The Mln
uteman's third. To J. B. Haggln t ad
nominator of the winner and the second
horse, goes $2000 and $1250, respectively.
E. C. Cowden. who nominated The Min
uteman, crets $500.
Hamburg Belle was equal favorite with
the Keene entry in the betting, the odds
on each closing at about 4 to 1. with S.
S. Brown's entry about the- same price.
Hamburg Belle was offered for sale with
another of the Haggin two-year-olds for
$5000 duriner the Morris Park meeting.
After she won her first race it was de
cided to keep her. She carried 114 pounds,
five less, than the scale for fillies, because
her dam had never prcvlouoly foaled a
winner.
Betting was strong, but not heavy on
the big race. John A. Drake was cred
ited with large wagers on Hamburg Belle.
Most of the public money went the same
way or to the Keene stable for a place.
At the «.-nd Hamhurir Belle was 4 to {,
where she- opened: the Brown entry.
Broomstick and Audience, had been back
ed from fives to fours, and the Keeno j
entry was at fours, where it opened.
Madden's stable had dropped from 7 to
5 to 1, Highball from 30 to 20 and Raglan
from 50 to 30. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Inaugural .handicap; steeple
chase; four-year-old* and upward; abcut two
miles.
Betting:. Hoi-*e, Weljcht, Jockey. St. V. Kin
7 to 1— Adjldaumv,143 (W.Heider) i in'
IMMENSE CROWD ATTENDS.
WINS CLEVERLY BY A HEAD.
Hamburg Belle was skipping along
easily, and as Leonidas. responding to
Redfern's desperate riding, forced her
faster and faster, the two sped away from
the others. Leonidas drew up on the
fllly, both being in the center of the track
and In the best going a nixteenth from
home, Hamburg Belft on the inside and
still a length in the lead. Fuller saw the
little fellow's heat' bobbing closer, and.
drawing his whip, hit the fllly smartly on
the flank.
She shrank from the blow, evidently dis
concerted, but not in cowardice. The
spring sidewtee carried her into the deep
mud near the rail. When Fuller saw hH
error and set to work In a flash with
hand and heel3 to mend it the response.
was magnificent. Hamburg Belle straight
ened out like a greyhound and shot
through the mud toward the near goal.
In a second she was going faster than
Leonirtas and in a moment more wa3
hom» first, winner by a head, and the
greatest turf heroine of 1903.
Sydney Paset earned the 1 hand grasp
of Mr. Whitney, extending congratula
tions when the filly led the field home.
"I am glad to win. but I almost wish
it had been you," said the 'younger turf
man.
Mr. Whitney expressed intense gratifi
cation at the successes of Hamburg's get.
He was especially well pleased at the
showlnc of Leonidas.
"He is the earnest little hcrse I ever
saw," he said. . "I . did not believe he
could carry that weight with such horses.
In fact, I wanted to withdraw him at
lunchtime, and I bet a dollar Mercury
would beat him."
Rain for two days preceded Futurity
day and the early light drizzle turned to
fine, stinging: rain just before the great
race. A stiff wind blew down the Fu
turity course. Dovescotc was withdrawn
early and the chalk soon went through
the name of Beldame, leaving the Belmont
stable no representative in the Futurity
Madden scratched Gettysburg and added
Ancestor. S. P. White added Rain or
Shine. This left eighteen to face the
starter.
It was drizzling so hard when the
horses reached the start us the Futurity
chute that they were almost invisible
from th* grand stand. After twelve min
utes' delay the biff field got away in ex
cellent alignment. Delhi eeemed quick
est, with Hamburs Belle. L,eonldas, Little
Em and The Minuteman ranged alongside
and all in the center of the track. These,
excepting Delhi, were soon clear and Ful^
ler was on even terms with the foremost
Hfl held Hamburg Belle in restraint
through the dip, where the gofng is softer,
but when he reached the hard ground
Just before the elbow he let her down a
bit and her head showed in front as the
leaders wheeled Into the stretch. Delht
went back quickly, while the despised
Lady Amelia had Joined the front ranks.
Hamburg Belle and Leonidas alone were
prominent when the stretch was reached.
Little Km had hung on well. Broomstick
was far out of it. his atablemate. Audi
ence, running far better. Passing the
last eighth pole it was Hamburg Belle by
a length. Leonidas half a length, Little
Em a head and The Minuteman.
BAIN OBSCTTEES START.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.-Hambur*
B«Ile, worthy daughter oi the
famous Hamburg, won the' Fu
turity to-day In footing not to
her liking in a race marred only
by her swerve near the finish. For this
the splendid fllly made ample amends by
the tremendous burst of speed she showed
when straightened out again, carrying her
to the wire in front.
Her performance, the full six furlongs
in 1:13, is the record for the race at that
distance. From 1892 to 1901, inclusive, the
Futurity course was 170 feet short of six
furlongs. Savable made the record of 1:14
last year. ... .
- Throughout she was the speediest and
at the end the gamest, coming on in the
heaviest part of the track near the rail.
Fuller rode with perfect Judgment When
Leonldas challenged a sixteenth from the
finish Fuller struck Hamburg Belle with
his whip and she swerved sidewise six
f«£t. reducing her length's lead to noth
ing. The boy then dropped his whip and
sitting down to ride called on the beauti
ful fllly to do her best. Nobly she re
sponded, and sprinting^ away 'shook off
her sturdy half -brother, winning the
greatest two-year-old prize of the world
by a head. No shame rests on little
Leonidas because of • his defeat. Giving
his sister six pounds more than her sex
allowance, he raced from post to finish
like the splendid thoroughbred he is. The
Minuteman. John E. Madden's entry, was
third, foui lengths behind Leonidas. His
£^.°, ine amon * the first three was lucky.
William C. Whitney saw a daughter and
a sop of his great race horse Hamburg
rU i?v w l f^ d second - That contented him
with the loss of the first place.
Racing Scene Will Shift t
Harlem Track To
/ Morrow.
Sport Will Now Be Trans
ferred Back to Delmar
Coarse.
Uncle's Men Have a Big Lead
When Contest Comes
to an End.
P. J- Beilly Finishes Second,
With George, Smith
Third:
Satisfactory Card at St.
Louis on "Get-Away"
Day.
Judge Himes Easily
Wins the Endurance
Stakes. J
Lohman Refuses to Quit
When Ordered by
Umpire*
Wins Coast Champion
ship Cleverly on Del
Monte Xiinka
Daughter of Hamburg
Is a Favorite
Throughout.
KINLOCH TRACK
GOOD FOR TIME
WEAVER CALLS
GAME IN EIGHTH
SIDDONS THIRD
AT HAWTHORNE
GOLF HONORS
FOR JDHNSTONE
Leads Leonidas by
a Head Under
the Wire.
HAMBURG BELLE, SPORTING THE COLORS OF SIDNEY PAGE IS FIRST IN THE FUTURITY
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER OF THE MIGHTY HAMBURG— ISIAC. AND
. 'JME CLEVER JOCKEY WHO RODE HER TO VICTORY IN A SEN
SATIONAL RACE AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY TRACK.
WINNER OF THE CLASSIC FUTURITY.
About 60,000 Italians and as many
Austro- Hungarians have settled In New
Enaland in the last three years.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.-U Is not expect
ed that Jim Corbett will stick to his de
termination not to fight again. Judging
from a letter received from him by his
friend and former trainer, Fred Block.
Tho ex-champlon writes in part: "I have
thought tho matter over about quitting
the ring forever, but the fact that I did
so well against Jeffries has convinced me
that my days as a pugilist are not en
tirely over. I am always on the lookout
for opportunities and if a chance for a
tight presented Itself to-morrow I would
seriously consider V '¦'•
34
\ ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
rCoCUinfltlSM
™^-* "THE ICHSTO.w
Those who have ever felt its keen, cutting pains, or witnessed the intense
suffering of others, know that Rheumatism is torture, and that it is right-
ly called "The King of Pain." , •
All do notsuffer alike. Some are suddenly seized with the most excrucia-
ting pains, and it seems every muscle and joint in the body was being torn
asunder. Others feel only occasional slight pains for weeks or months, when
asudden change in the weather or exposure to damp, chilly winds or ni<rht
air brings on a fierce attack, lasting for days perhaps, and leaving the pa-
tient with a weakened constitution or crippled and deformed for all time
An acid, polluted condition of the blood is the cause of every form and
variety of Rheumatism, Muscular/Articular, Acute, Chronic, Inflammatorv
and Sciatic, and the blood must be purged and purified before there is an
end to your aches and pains. External applications, the use of liniments and
plasters, do much toward temporary relief , but such treatment does not reach
the real cause or cleanse the diseased blood ; but S. S. S., the greatest of all
blood purifiers and tonics, does cure Rheumatism by antidoting and neutraliz
ing the poisonous acids and building up the weak and sluggish blood. It is*
/^^| /•—**! y*—*^ sa * e and reliable in all forms of Rheumatism. It makes
f<^l f<^« (O^ the old acid blood rich> and tie pain-tortured mus-
lS^ lwS\ .^S clcS , and Joints are relieved, the shattered nerves an
ti/ IS-V made stTOn S> and the cstire system is invigorated anc
_, >*-^^ toned up by the use of this great vegetable rt-m+A .
If you have Rheumatism, writeus, andour lAya&mi
Rheum^m MyiafO^ atiOn deSirCd ' We mail free ou^^n
* Wf SWIFT SPECmG CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADV ZBTISEMENTS.
¦ O «
3 I have now ccncVjdrd my sixteenth
I j#ar df a •racialist in men's diseases.
4 Both my s^rcew in rurlnc difficult
• cases and the ?>rew^nt rf«a^-nltu<*^ of my
3 practice far *urr>as» my oeriier hop»£-
5 I now r*a(Z!!y cure rasec that, in com-
gj mr.n with other doctors. I one* irup-
g po«»-d atrttolutrly incurable. This is
M because I heve «-omb;n^d sti iy «-Uh
. R riractk-*. end have df-vired urigi.ial
H tr»atm»nts -chat er<« far fut-riir to any
¦ 1 oth«-r methods i beinir ,5o
I certain am I that r^rfeft results will
p follow my t'-eatmert in every instanc
t that J make t!-.e follonrlng propoial to
jj "ITo-u. Can Fay
J When 0-u.reci
1 LOST MANHOOD
[| I cure functional T\'^akness sn m»n.
. ¦ I know of no o:»i»t phypldan curing
r| this allmrnt. Mort dorters treat
V| wronjr".}-. Thej- gri»-« stimulants and
|J tonic*. These thins* can't -ure.
fi "Weakise*-" Is a eymptom of prosutic
J O~ O
IO. O. JOSL.EN, M. D..
Ttie itcaAiag Kpeclalieu
di«order. and the treatment must he
local. This is a truth that I myself
revealed. I have perfected the only
pyttera of local treatment that cures
•¦weakness." A few doctors over the
country claim to cure by the same
method, but their treatment Is only an '
Imitation of the genuine "Joelen" cys- I
tern. The genuine Is here and Is ad-
ministered by iUt oririnator. Don't
hope to find It elsewhere.
X also cure with the same tm-
varyisgr enccess by my own mod-
em methods Spermatorrhoea, Un-
natural LoEses, Tarloocele and
KydroceJe. Contracted Disorder*.
Specific Blood Poison, Stricture.
X will mail you free my pamoh-
let, "X.lTe All Tour Tears a
Man." Write Tor It. Consulta-
tion free at office or by mall.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN
Cor. Market and Kearoy Street!
Private Entrance, 702 Market St.
I s/r Rim r rnKmrffki^i
I want jour trade asd will make epeclal
efforts to please yotj
JOE H. HOEENBERG. 1S5 EtocktOS st.Movements of Steamers.
KOSMOS LINER LUXOR FROM
HAMBURG WHICH WAS OR
DERED INTO QUARANTINE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
30
81
1
2
3
4 I
6
Time* Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
. chants' Exchange. San Francisco. . Cal.
August 29. t -
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, i. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. NJ. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant U> S. N.. ln Charga.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The hl*h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height of
tide Is tb« sam« at both places.
" SUNDAY. AUGUST 30.
Sun rises 5:38 a. m.
Sun sets • ••• 6:43 p. m.
Moon sets ..............'..•. 0:00 a. nv.
O Tlmel . ITlmel Time ¦ Time "~
> Tt. ] Ft. — — Ft. Ft.
? |H W| [L W| HW LW
30 eTai 4.1 11:22 2.8 5:41 5.2
L W U W L W H W
31 0:46 0.7 7:45 4.2 12:36 2.8 8:42 6.1
1 1:41 0.6 8:46 4.4 1:38 2.9 7:40 5.1
2 2:28 0.4 0:35 4.6 2:31 2.8 8:33 5.1
3 3:07 0.3 10:14 4.8 3:16 2.7 0:20 6.1
4 3:44 0.3 10:50 4.0 3:54 2.5 10:04 6.1
6 I 4:16 0.3|ll:19 5.0| 4:30 2.2|10:43| 8.1
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive . tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes ' occurs. • The - heights given are In
addition to the soundings of tha United States
Coast Survey Charts, except. when the number
given ! is subtracted from the depth ' given . by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of tlMl lower low waters:
I from l^ardiff for thi.« '^ort, has put into Santos
for i-ralrs. In a heavy gale she lost most
i cf her sails and the captain and a number
j of the crew sustained Injuries more or less
severe.
NXWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Inter*5t to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Port Crawford was cleared
on Friday for Melbourne. Australia, with
l,16o.U5 feet lumber, valued at |45,562.
-?
Charters.
The German schooner Zion was chartered
prior to arrival for lumber from Puget Sound
to Cork, United Kingdom, at 60s. and the
British ship Serr.antha was chartered ln Eng
land for the same business from Puget Sound
to a direct port. United Kingdom, at 42s «d.
The British ship Crown of England will carry
part cargo of lumber from Puget Sound to
Mollendo or Callao at 3*s. The British ship
Wasdale loads general cargo here for London
direct it 16s 3d.
A Cargo for Samoan Islands.
The brig Galilee was cleared yesterday for
I Apia. Samoan Islands, with an assorted racr
. chandlfe cargo valued at $%6«3 and including
the following: HJ0.59S feet lumber, 7771 lbs
bread. 2t> bbls flour. iH cs canned goods. 135
lbs dried fruit. 04 cs canned goods. 330 cs
• salmon. 42S# lbs coffee. 23O0 lbs rice 30 gals
• wine. 20 cs whisky. 11 cs drugs, 30 cs coai oil.
10 cs gasoline. 0 cs arms and ammunition, 5
I pkgs i>aper, 26 pkgs mlllwork. 2 pkgs dry goods
7<S lbs soda, 1 pkg electrical suprBles, 5 bales
twine. 2G pkgs paints and oils, 10 pkgs bicycles
and sundries.
THE Kosmos liner Luxor arrived
yesterday. ITS days from Ham
burg. She brought sixtc a passen-
Cers and 3000 tons of freight On
account of having called at cer
tain Central American ports the steajnsblp
vrzs taken to Ar.gel Island for fumigation.
The catsis passengers were released and
taken ln a towboat to Broadway y\Jiaxf
No. 2, where they landed auout 4 o'clock.
The Luxor's passengers Included •>! M.
Neeland acd wife, L. Azner, E. A braharas,
A. P. Dillard, H. Dickrneyer. 'J. fcoeb.
wife and family; X. Wolf and Edwin R.
Fraser.
Lone-shoremen in Demand
Labur n'.'jrt; the water front is .very »c!ftce
th.»"*e days and the !ar»re anr.y of' men now
working is being well paid for Its services.
The discharging and luadin^ of big freighters
of the Texan type means the steady employ
ment of raar.y longshoremen and quite a num
ber of ships are lj:rig idle for lack of men to
discharge them. Tfce Pip*r. Aden & Ooodall
Company offered pay at the rate of 75 cent*
an hour this we*-k. but ccu!d get but a small
prcentif* of the !at>or required. With the
return cf the Sthermen from Alaska conditions
will chary?*", but meanwhile there Is employ
ment in sight for an industrial army of much
prcater proportions than the one cow doing
the secessary toil of tie port. a
•
Honor Their Brother Clerk.
J. V. Larken. -who has left the »ervlc« 01
the 1'aciac ilall Company to accept a position
In the passenger department of the Southern
Pac'.Se was yesterday presented with a diamond
studied watch fob, the gift of his brother
workers in the eteamsh'.p office. Larken waa
ln the sen-Ice of the Southern Pacific up to
about eight years ago. He resigned to engage
in other business and about three years ?xo
accepted a position with the Mail Company.
He was well liked by the railroad company,
however, end when a suitable vacancy oc
¦curred fss given an opportunity to rt-enter
-the Southern Pacific 6«?rvlce.
Brings 20,000 Sealskins.
The little steamship W. H. Kruger. which
arrivmj yerterday. nine days, ten hours from
Dutch Harbor, brought down a very valuable
carro. ccnfif=t!njf of 20.GW eesJeklns. The
fur was consigned to the North American
Commercial Compiiny and will be shipped to
Lcndoii to be prepared for market.
The Kruger report* havir.jr 6ifthted. In a fog
ootsU* Dutch Harbor, a thlp believed to be
the St. Francis, bound ln.
j -
Goes North for More Salmon.
Tt.e fh'.D Star of Rusi?Ja. which arrived a
Jew days aso with the first of tee new season's
salmon, cleared yesterday lor Karluk. where
the is going lor another load cf salmon. She
is the first and so far the only ont of the
salmon fleet to arrive, She will probably bring
ri.ivn »he ln.«t of the rark.
Takes a Double Tow
1 r.e oil turning iuj <_.jrr> 1.1*; Fiea:n?r*ip vi nn
tler. which so narrowly escaped destruction
by f.re tht ether evening, palled yesterday for
Honolulu, taking in tow the barktnune Ful
lerton and the barge Santa Paula. The Whit
tier l«s deeply loaded with liquid fuel and the
barkectlne and bare* have th*-lr tanks filled
with oil to tbeir full, capacity.
?
Acapulco Sails
Tfce Pacific Mail Cornpar.y s steamship Aca
pulco, Cartain Kussell, sailed yesterday for
1'ar.ama and way r>ortF. She carried Bixty
eight paEwngerg and her cargo of 2:J00 tons
Included 20U0 barrels of wine, 300 tons of flour,
150 torjs cf lead and a email fhibment of
lumber.
Merchandise for Honolulu.
The barkentlne W. H. DImond sailed yester
day for Honolulu with a general merchandise
cargo valued at $17.Lt»3 and including the fol
lowing: ."»7 bbU flour, 1S22 ctls barley, 14
ctls wheat, 485 cs assorted canned goods* 37
pkgs groceries and provisions, 1635 gals wine,
ltl gals 25 cs whisky. 120 lbs 5 cs bread. 2970
lbs beans. G pkgs baking powder. 10.047 lbs
bran. 144 lbs cofTee. 100 cs *oal oil. 408 lbs
chocolate. 2» pkgs crockery, fl200 lbs 12 coils
cordage. 4:« ctls corn. 25 drums distillate. S3
pkgs dry goods. 14 cs drugs. 5 pkgs electrical
supplies, t»43 bales hay, 150 lbs hops. 2015 feet
hardwood. 3000 lbs lard, 2 rolls leather. 200
bb!s lime. 30 cs matches, 72C0 lbs middling*.
7S0 lbs nut*. CO cs 17 bbls oil. 18 ctls oats, 1S3
pkfrs paper. 350 lba 34 cs paste. 19.275 lb« oats.
2500 lbs surar. 15C0 lbs shot. 53 cs 20 bbls
ralmcn. £750 lbs 8 pke* rait. 322 bxs soap,
12 pkes tat.": material. ICO lbs tea.
Luncheon on Korea.
Captain Seabury. commander of the PaciSc
Mall Company's big liner. Korea, entertained
a party of friends on beard at luncheon yes
terday. When the Korea sails orj Thursday
all her a\'a!lable passenger accommodations
will- be taken and her cajiacious holds will be
as full as t>>e art of Etevedorinc kr.owg how
to pack them. ,
Cargo by the Panama Steamer.
Th? eteamer Acapulco, which sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports, carried mer
chandise for Mexico valued at $3083; Central
America, tie.lCT; Colombia. $4449: New York,
$140,227. The leading exports were as follows:
To Mexico — 531 gals wire. 8 bbls flour. 35
pkgs freeh fruit. 4!> pkgs groceries and.-pro
visionF. 15 pkgs potatoes. 18 cs canned goods.
Overdue Eivion Arrives.
The British hark Eivion, which was Quoted
at 13 oer cent en the overdue lift, arrived
yesterday at Taltal. The Elrtus Is now quoted
at 30 per c«nt, the Arabia at 15. the Aristldes
at 60 and the Milton Park and Hrlta Brewer
each at 90 per cent,
»
Captain and Crew Injured.
The French bark Amirai ae corr.uiler, bound
3SS lbs sugar, 5000 leet lumber. 3 pkgs mill
work, 3 cs soap, 5 pkgs dry goods. '£ pkgs
leather. 5 cs coal oil. 5 pkgs machinery, 4
pkgs sewing machine*. 3 colls rope. 3 pkgs
l.oue. 3 pkg# electrical supplies. 38 pkgs rail
road material. 15 pkgn building material, 30
cs tr.lkes. 1 bbl 2 c» oil.
To Cntral America — 1241 bbln flour, 600 gals
wine. CO cs whisky. 232 lbs bread. 9a pkgs
potatoes, (J pkgs onions. S3 pkgs groceries and
provision*. 14 os olives, 52 cs canned goods,
41.906 lbs tallow, 10 E ks coal. 1200 lbs cement,
5j pkgs dry goods, 9 bales bags, 13 pkgs ma-
ELEVEN UTNTErGS FALL
TO EKD EBUiLZAUT GAJ&E
Boston Takes First Match. From
Washington and the Second
Is a "Dravr.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON', Aug. 2D. — Both games to
day were pitchers" battles. Boston winning the
first and the second being declared a draw at
the end of eleven Innings on account of dark
ness. The games were characterized by sharp
and brilliant fielding in support of superb
pitching. Boston captured t!» first game by
bunching hits In the sixth and last Innings.
Scattered hits aad snappy fielding la the second
game made it impossible for a man to score
until the eighth Inning. Attendance, 2900.
Scores :
Washington ...................... 2 ?*O
Boston 3 11 2
Batteries — Lee and Drill; Young and Crlger.
Second game — R. H. E.
Washington 18 1
Boston 17 0
Batteries — Wilson, Orth and Drill; Winters
and J. Stahl.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 29 — Cleveland and St.
Louis arrived in St. Louis too lato to-day to
play a double-header, owing to a wreck, and
only a single game was played, the home team
winning, 4 to 0, owing to a brilliant exhibi
tion on the slab by PowelL Attendance, 3S0O.
SC ° re: R. H. E.
St. Louis *» » <j
Cleveland 0 4 3
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; Kinian and
Be mis. *. i V -'
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG. Aug. 29.— Pittsburs; captured
both games by better all-round playing. Botb
games were snappy and brilliant plays wert
frequent. Attendance, 8500. Scores:
First game — R- H- E.
Ptttsburg - *52
St. Louts 2 7 2
. Batteries— Leever and Phelps; Murphy aad
Second game- K. H. E.
Pittsburg • 8 0
St. Louis « 2 6 C
Batteries — Wlnb,am and Smith; Rhoades and
O'NelL Umpire — Eraslle.
PETALUMA, Aug. 29.— The closing day
of the Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breed
ers' Association to-day attracted the larg
est attendance of the meeting. Ideal rac
ing weather and a track that was fast,
but .a trifle too hard, left little to be de
sired.
The feature of the card was the $3000
California stakes for trotters of the 2:24
class, for which a oig field of eleven
scored down for the word. Favorite for
the race was the much touted Dr. Ham
mond said to have worked a mile re
cently-in 2:10%. The beat the rangy chest
nut could do was take third money. The
winner turned up in the despised out
sider George G, which gelding was splen
didly handled by J. Albertson, one of his
owners. When Georce G won the first
heat in 2:14% there was but one $2 ticket
sold on him in the parls mutuals. It net
ted the lucky investor $199 50. Before the
field was called Dr. Hammond brought
J20 in the pools. Daisy B $3, Deputy J4,
and the field J2.
In the opening ' heat both . the Doctor
and Deputy behaved badly, 1 enabling
George G to take the front position early
and win without effort. The heat win
ner left his feet in the heat following
and Deputy led out Daisy B this time
in 2:13%. This feat caused Deputy to be
installed favorite over the field. The
chestnut showed unmistakable signs of
lameness and, though he trotted gamely,
could not land the 'goods. Finishing ninth
ln the second heat, George G took the
third and fourth in 2:12%, Hughes, behind
Dr. Hammond making a fruitless at
tempt to beat him out in each.
Another hot favorite was bowled over
in the green class pace. Colonel C had
a decided call over the field, but the sta
ble connections did not seem to think
the Glenway gelding at his best, and the
field had few takers.
The Colonel annexed the first heat with
out any great effort and then .resigned
his commission. Edwin S Captured the
following three and race.
There was nothing to the 2:07 trot but
Roselle, the gray gelding. The over
whelming favorite, he won ln straight
heats, with What Is It, another gray one,
falling in line for second money.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Green class pacers, heats 3 In
5, purse $300:
Edwin S, ch.g.. by Dr. Hlcks-La :J rr *sZ
Hope (Daniels) 2 11 1
Colonel C. b.g., by Glenway •
. (Liggett) . L-~-- 13 2 2
Lady Glenway.- b.m., by Glen
way (W. R. Zlbble) 3 4 3 dls.
Mildred O, rn.m.. by Secretary
(Ortutt) . •••••••U.-VV 4 2 dl3-
Tom Carneal, b.g., by Diablo
(Trefey) dls -
Joe W.b.h.. by Bay Prince
SECOND RACE: — California stakes, trotting,
heats 3 In 5, value $2000:
George G. b.g.. by Homeward-
Junto (Albertson)............. 1 0 1 1
Deputy, eh. c. by Derby Ash _ V' --_;
(Whltehead) U 1 3 3
Dr Hammond, ch.g.. by Charles .-
Derby (Hughes) . .:......... 4 5 2 2
Rosle Woodburn, b.m.. by Easter
Wilkes (Carlin & McDonald).. 3 3 4 6
Una K. b.m., by MsKlnney ¦
(Hodges) -?*--•;,;•;• 6 4 8 5
Louise Croner, gr.m.. by V.IH
boy (Brown) ............... 10 10 5 4
Sutter. b.h.. by Noonday (Don
nelly) • •• • • 8 8 6 7
Palsy B. br.m.. by Waldsteln
MSpencer)> 2 2 10 dls.
Telophone. b.g., by Direct - • - •¦; ;
(Frellson) •• 5 6 9 dls.
Jupiter B, b.h., by Gen'l Beverly •
(Ward) . 7 7 7 dls.
Moor Rose, b.g.. by Falrose
(Hoy) . 9 11 dls.
Time, 2:14%. 2:13Vi. 2:12>4, 2:12U.
THIRD RACE — Trotting. 2:15 class, heats 3
In 6. purse $500: ¦¦ ¦ _
Roselle. gr.g.. hy Bob Mason- A. W.
Richmond >(Sampsell) . 11 1
Whatsis It. gr.g-. by Direct (Me-
Donald) 2 2 2
Hank, br.g., by Vasto (J. Smith).... 3 3 3
Potrero, b.h.. by Redondo (Hodges).. 4 '4 4
Time, 2:18V5. 2:1SH. 2:19%.
In some manner . Lady Glenway broke her
near hind ankle . In the fourth heat of the
cace. . She was pulled up at the head of the
Track Notes.
* A gTeat surprise developed ln the han
dicap singles tennis tournament for
women played yesterday on the public
courts in Golden Gate Park. It rvas the
deflat of Miss Miriam Edwards, the State
champion, at the hands of Miss Hazel
Hotchkiss of Berkeley. Miss Edwards
won easily until she reached the final,
while Miss Hotchkiss had an exceedingly
hard time ln all her matches arid was
rather tired when she met Miss Edwards.
Miss Edwards won the first set by a
small margin, the score being 7-5. Miss
Hotchkiss then changed her method of
attack and took the net position. She
plays well from this' part of the court,
but heretofore her back court game has
been too weak to permit of her getting
up to the net. Miss Hotchkiss forced her
opponent far back in the court and then
dropped the ball short. The ease with
which she won the last two sets shows
how well her plan worked. In these sets
Miss Edwards was contantly on the de
fensive, which is unusual for her. The
score ln Miss Hotchklss' favor was 5-7,
6-2, 6-2. :>'.
In the other half Miss Hotchkiss and
Miss Ethel Ratcliffe, the University of
California champion, both playing from
"15" back of scratch, had an exciting
match. Miss Hotchkiss lost the first set,
but won the next two. Miss Edwards
went through the lower half without los
ing more than two games in any set. The
longest set of the day was played by
Miss Anita Beyfuss and Miss D. Weed.
The former won, 17-15.
The tournament resulted as follows:
Preliminary round— Miss H. Naylor (30) beat
Miss Anna Alberger (15). C-4. 6-4.
First round— Miss Hazet Hotchkiss (owe 15)
beat Miss D. Mills (15 3-6). »-7. 0-1: MlM Lulu
Wesrencr (scratch) bat M:as I. Meama (30). 7-».
0-4. 7-5; Mies Kthel Ratcliffe (owe 15) beat
Miss Maad Varney (scratch), tf-4. «-l; Miss \.
Beyfuss (30) beat Mies H. Naylor (30). tt-4 6-2;
Miss MIrtan Edwards (owe 15) beat Miss
Emma Hunter (owe 15). 6-1 6-1; Miss A.
Beytuss (15) beat Miss D. Weed (15 3-6), 6-1,
17-15- Miss A. Naylor (15 3-C) beat Miss Lea
(15 S-€) 6-0 6-0; Mlsa Duncan (15) beat Mlsa
V. Crocker '(15 3-0). 0-4, 6-2.
Sf-cond round — Miss Hotchkiss (owe lo) beat
Miss Wegener (scratch). »-7, 6-O; Miss Rat
clirie (owe 15) beat Miss V. Beyfuss (30). 6-S.
«-4; Miss Edwards (owe 15) beat Miss A. Bey
fuss (15). 6-1. 6-0; Miss Naylor (15 3-6) beat
Miss Duncan (15). C-3. 6-3.
Semi-finals— Miss Hotchkiss (owe 15) beat
Miss Ratcliffe (owe 15), 4-6. 6-1. 6-4; Mies Ed
wards (owe 15) beat Miss Naylor (15 3-6). 6-2,
6-2.
Final — Mies Hotchkiss beat Miss Edwards,
5-7. C-2. 6-2.
The drawing for the men's singles and
doubles in the coast championship tour
nament, which will commence to-morrow
at San Rafael, was held last night. Eight
teams entered the doubles, which will be
the opening event. The strongest teams
are Collier and Murdock, Whitney and
stretch and can probably be saved lor breeding
purposes.
Albertson. behind George G. drove the geld
ing with fine Judgment ln the third heat, when
the issue looked to lie between Dr. Hammond
and Deputy. He made a short turn into the
stretch and at the end scored hands down.
Dr. Hammond was unsteady and will have
to improve a whole lot to take the measure
of Sweet Marie at Salem. Or.
Telephone trotted two good heats before the
wires got crossed.
Harry Stover, owner of Kenllworth Park.
got back from Sacramento In time to bet $20
on Rozslle and ' draw down a profit of $7.
Stover expects to give a mixed meeting at
the park next summer.
John Offut's roan mare. Mildred O. only lost
the second heat to Edwin S by a head.
Ira Pierce, surviving member of the firm of
Pierce Bros, of Santa Rosa, breeders of the
new turf queen. Lou Dillon, was a spectator
of the sport. In speaking of her sire. Sidney
Dfllon, Mr. Pierce says as a young horse he
was mixed gaited, but later on. under the care
of John Rogers and when properly weighted,
trotted three heats ln 2:24. 2:23. 2:21U- He
was a fast fellow and before breaking down
repeatedly stepped quarters In 31 V4 seconds.
Charley Neullnger also worked the *on of Sid
ney, a mile ln 2:25. Cupid, owned by A. B.
Spreckels ' and a promising sire, is a full
brother to Sidney Dillon.
The Ukiah crowd? was disappointed as Alone
was not sent a fast mile.
F. E. MULHOLLAND. i
Abstruse Medical Points
The theory of Loeb and Matthews la
that the nervous lmpluse, although It
brings In electricity, Is far from regarding
the transmission of that impulse as Iden
tical with s» simple electrical cur
rent. In a medical Journal Dr.
O'Brien advocates ae old, theory
that nervous current and electrical
current are Identical, because, first, elec
tricity Is always present when nerves act;
second, electricity is the form of force
which would do the work required; third,
because the terminal and central mechan
ism connected with the nerves correspond
to the terminal and central mechanisms
connected with electrical system of com
munication, and do similar work ln send
ing, receiving, relaying, switching, trans
forming, accumulating, retarding, distrib
uting and translating impressions, and,
fourth, because electricity, with such con
struction of conductors and of terminal
mechanisms. Is the only form of force w«
know of that would do all the work re
quired.—Indianapolis News. ,
Joe Tobln. MacGavln and Smith and Way
and Variel of the south.
In singles twenty-six players entered,
a larger number than was expected. Most
of the good players drew close together
and some grood matches will be played
each day. Collier. Smith, Bell and Mac-
Gavln drew In the upper half, and Mar
dock, Whitney and Way in the lower.
Collier and Smith will meet, as will Bell
and MacGavln. The winners will meet
to determine who shall play ln the final.
In the lower half Whitney will probably
not play. The struggle will narrow down
to Way and Murdock. The drawing for
the ladles* events will be held to-morrow
afternoon, when the southern women will
arrive. The men from the south are ex
pected to-day. The southern part of th«
State will be represented by the four Sut
tons. Miss Dobbins. Miss Seymour. A.
E. Bell, L. R. Freeman. Archie Was
and Robert VarieL
The drawings resulted as follows:
Doubles— Percy Murdock and W. B. Colliei
Jr. vs. Herbert Schmidt and Harry Rolfe; Paul
Jones and John Hoffman vs. A. Way and R.
Variel: R. N. Whitney and J. S. Tobtn ?•. J.
A. Code and partner; Grant Smith and Drum
mor.d MacGavln vs. 9. C. Gayness and Guy
Lytton. • ¦ • ¦ ¦ _ __
. Singles — Preliminary round. O. K. Bate*
vs S. C. Gayness; A. E.Bell vs. Clay Goodlng?
A. Beyfuss vs. J. D. .MaeGavln: Herbert
Schmidt vs. Harry Rolfe: C W. Teller va. N.
Ambrose: J.-A. Code v«. Martus Hotchkiss;
Percy Murdock vs. Guy Lytton; Paul Jones ts.
Charles Dunlap: A- C Way vs. Miller Hotch
kiss: Clarence Griffln vs. R. N. Whitney.
First round, upper half— W. B. Collier va
J. ' F.' Brcdy ; Grant Smith, a bye.
Lower half— II. Russell, a bye; C A. Zlsto:
va. Harry RoutX
Wins the Stake Feature
at Petaluma From
a Big Field.
Miss Hazel Hotchkiss Is
a Surprise on Park
Courts.
GEORGE G TROTS
10 FAST HEATS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Phoenix Mendoclno Aug. 30
G. Dollar San Pedro Au*. 30
Redondo S«n Pedro Aug. 30
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 30
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. SO
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 30
Pomona Humboldt ...Aug. 30
Montara Port Harford Aug. 81
Del Norte Crescent City Aug. 31
State of Cal.. Ban Diego & Way Pti. Aug. 31
Gaelic China & Japan Aug. 31
M. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 31
Olympic San Pedro Aug. 31
Mlneola Tacoma Sept. 1
Edith Seattle Sept. 1
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Sept. 1
Curacao Mexican Ports Sept. 1
Arcata... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 1
Alameda Honolulu Sept,- 1
Corona Humboldt 4S<*pt. 2
8an Juan New York via PanamajSept. 2
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria jSept. 2
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & PC Arena Sept. S
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. a
Alliance Portland A Way Ports Sept. 3
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sept. 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. [Sept. S
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports ISept. 4i
Nevadan Honolulu I Sept. 5
North Fork... Humboldt |Sept. 6
J. Dollar Seattle * Tacoma |Sept. «
Newburg Grays Harbor |Sept. 6
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Port*. ¦ Sept. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 7
Borilta. ...... Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 7
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Sept. 8
Queen Puget Sound Ports. .. Sept. 9
Colon New York via Panama. {Sept. 9
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. ..jSept. 9
TO . SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
Antrnat 30. {
Arctic Humboldt 0 am|Pler 10
S. Rosa San Diego &. Way. 9 am Pier I*
AugruBt 31.
Silesia Hamburg Way Pt* 2 pm Pier 27
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
Olympic Whatcom & Fair'n A pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
September 1.
Phoenix Mendoclno City 1 rm|Pler 13
North Fork Humboldt 5 pmiPler 2
Chlco CoquiUe. River...... 6 pm|Pler 2
S Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmiPier 2
Eureka Humboldt | 9 am|Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt |l:3OpPler »
ArEO - Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
8 September 2. t
H On ita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
September 3.
Stale of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Areata Coo« B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
Korea '".'.. China & Japan 1 pm|PIer 40
city Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
September -4.
Corona Humboldt ... . 1:30 p Pier 0
Alliance.... Portland Way Pts. 5 pm pier ltf
September 5.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 1 4 pm|Pler 2
Peru N- Y- vla Panama. 12 m| Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu U amiPler 17
G W Eldex Astoria & Portland|ll amjPler 21
Rival Wlllapa Harbor. . .| 4 pm|Pler 2
September G. | |
Coos Bay San IVdro Way Ptsj 9 am Pier 13
• September 7. ( |
Curacao ... Mexican Ports ... .|10 am|Pler la
• September 8. | |
Umatllla... Puget Sound Port*.|ll amiPler 9
September 10. |
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier 10
Chehalls. ... Grays Harbor S pm|PIer 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. for- 8alls.
Senator Nome direct Sept. 1
Eureka Nome direct Sept. 1
ExcelMor Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. l
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 1
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 1
Ohio Nome & St. Michael.. .|Sept. 2
City Seattle.. Skagway * Way PortsjSept. %
Al-Kl Skagway * Way Port»|Sept. fi
Dlrigo Skagway it Way Ports|Sept. 0
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Sept. J
Cottace City. . Skagway & Way Porta.lSept. h
Oregon Nome direct jSept. 12
City Topeka.. | Skagway & Way Port*. ISept. 13
Santa Ana. .. .1 Cooks Inlet & Way Pt8|Sept. 16
TENNIS CHAMPION
MEETS DEFEAT
for New York.
Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Campania, from New
York.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Aug 29— Stmr BIu
cher, from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg, and proceeded.
Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr St Louis, from South
ampton, for New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Aug 28 — Stmr Prlni
SigUmund, from New York.
GENOA— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr Cambroman,
for
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr La Touralne,
for New York.
ROTTERDAM — Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr Staten
dam, for New York, via Boulorne-Sur-Mer; 2
p m, sunr Amateldyk. for Newport News.
Arrived Aug 29 — Stmr Ryndam, from New
York, via Boulogne-Sur-Mer.
GUATEMALA — Sailed Aug 20 — Ger stmr
Herodot, for Hamburg.
HAMBURG— Sailed Aug 20— Ger ship Alster
berg, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 15— Br etmr
Ning Chow, from London, for Seattle. Prior to
Aug 29 — Stmr Lyra, from Seattle.
TALTAL— Arrived Aug 2»— Br bark Elvlon.
from Swansea.
¦ LONDON — Sailed Aug 29-M3er stmr Totmes,
for San Francisco.
HULL— Arrived Aug 29— Br stmr Achilles,
from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Aug 29—
Stmr Olympla, from Tacoma: stmr Siberia,
hence Aug b; Jap *tmr Tosa Maru, from Se
attle.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 27 — Stmr San
Juan, for San Francls;o.
RIO DE JANEIRO — Arrived Aug 12— Ship
Kennebec, from Pensacola.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Phila
delphia, Irom Southampton and Cherbourg.
Aug 20 — Strar Arabic, from Liverpool.
Sailed Au«r 29 — Stmr Kroonland, for Ant
werp; Etmr Umbrla, for Liverpool; stmr Min
neapolis, for London: stmr Patricia, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg: stmr
Hohenzollsrn. for Genoa and Naples; stmr
Ethiopia, for Glasgow; stmr Norge, for Copen
hagen and Chrlstlanla. '¦¦
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Ced
ric from Liverpool, for New York.
ANTWERP — Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr Island, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr Austria,
FOREIGN PORTS.
JUNIN — Sailed Aug 24 — Ger stmr Uarda,
for San Francisco direct.
Prentifcs. for San Pedro, via San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 2U— Stmr Iao.ua.
hence Auk 2S: stmr Chas Nelson, hence 2Sth.
Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco; echr
Esther Buhne. for San Diego.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Xoyo,
hence Aug 2S.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Aug 2S— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco.
TATOOSII— Passed in Auu 29— Nor Btmr
Hero, hence Aur 20, for Ladysmlth.
WESTPORT— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr West
port, for Pan Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Aug 29— Bark
Challenger, for Cape Town; Br ship Aigburth,
for Valparaiso.
BANDON— Sailed Aug 29— Schr Advent, for
San Francl«co.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 29— Schr Bain
bridge, from Port Blakeley: schr Meteor, from
Tacoma; stmr Ruth, from Weetport.
Sailed Aug 2S — Stmrs Melville Dollar and
Olvmplc, for San Francisco.
PORT HARFOKD — Arrived Aug 29 — Stmr
Santa Cruz, hence Aug 28.
11ENDOCINO— Arrived Aug 29 — Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Aug 2S; stmr Pasadena, from Port
Rogers.
Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr Phoenix, for San Fran
cisco. •
COOS BAT — Arrived Aug 29 — Stmr Alliance,
from Portland.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Auc 16 — Ship
Occidental, from Seattle.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Aug 29— U S
Btmr Mohican, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Auc 29— Br stmr
Inverness, from Port B'.akeley.
ISLAND^PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Aug 28 — Schr Reso
lute, from Newcastle. Aus. Auc 20 — Br etmr
Aorangi, from Vancouver; stmr Nevadan, from
HUo.
Sailed Aug 2S— Ship Tillie E Starbuck. for
Delaware Breakwater.
HILO— Arrived Aug 24— Bark Martha Davis,
hence Aug 6. i .'
Etrcr W H Krurer, Ahlln. 0 days 10 hours
from Dutch Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Madaen, 14 hours from Caspar;
bound south; put In to land passengtn.
Sunr Centralla. Erlckson, 37 hours from San
P*dro.
Btmr Centennial, KUtsaard, 76 hours from
Seattle. -
Oer stmr Luxor, Tlmmennan. 129 days from
Hamburg, via Champertco 10 days. ,
Brts Harriet G, Pedersen. IS daya from Ber
ing Sea.
Schr Btssle K, Merrlam, 11 hours from Ban
Vicente Landinr.
6chr Western Home, Lembke,' 4 day* from
Coos Bay.
Schr Glen. Joanaen. 14 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Emma Claudlna. Boderholm, 19 daya
from Bering Sea.
CLEARED.
Saturday. August 23.
Stmr Ccrona, Jchnscn, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Stmr Queen. Cousins, Victoria, etc; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Acauulco, Russell, Panama and way
ports; Paclflc Mail Steamship Co.
Etmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co.
Stmr Enterprise, Miller, HUo; J D EprecTt
ele & Bros Co.
Nor stmr Titania, Erenes, Nanalmo; West
ern Fuel Co.
Ship Star of Russia, Lindbersr, Karluk;
Alaska Packers 1 Awn.
Brig Galilee, Hayes, Apia; John Wight
man Jr.
SAILED.
Saturday, August 29.
Etmr Coos Bay, Xlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Queen. Cousins. Victoria, etc.
Stmr Samoa. Madnen. ¦ San Pedro.
Stmr Acaoulco. Russell, Panama and way
ports.
Stmr Whittler. Macdrnald. Honolulu, with
barge Santa Paula and bktn Fullerton ln tow.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Coos Bay.
Etmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlgglns, Mcndoclno.
Stmr National City. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Etmr Ctntralla, Ericsson, Grays Harbor.
Nor etmr Titania, Egenes, Nanaimo.
Br ship Dumfriesshire. Jones, Liverpool.
Bktn W H DImond. Hansen. Honolulu.
Bktn Fullerton, Brigman, Honolulu, ln tow
etmr 'Whittler.
Barge Santa Paula, Pelle, Honolulu, ln tow
stmr Whlttier.
Echr Lily, Bottger, Umrq.ua.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr T 7 ' H Krurer — Aug 10, outside
Dutch Harbor. In a heavy fog. ship supposed
to be Et Francis, from San Francisco July 17
ror Dutch Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBCS. Aug 29. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 26 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA — Arrived Aur 29— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence Aug 2C.
Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr Homer, for Dutch Har
bor; Br ship Agnes Oswald, for Cape Town.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 23— Stmr
Rival, hence Aug 25.
EVERETT— Sailed Aug 29 — Stmr Umatllla,
fey Seattle and San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr City of
Topeka, from Skagway; stmr Roanoke, from
Nome.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived Aug 29 — Stmr
Scotia, from Hueneme; stmr Navarro, hence
Aug 27.
To sail Aug 30^ — Stmr Scotia, for San Fran-
Cisco. »
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Auc 28— Br bark
Bermuda, from Port Blakeley.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Aug 29— Stmr
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, August 29.
cUnerr. 80 pkn paint* and otl*. T k«*t nail*,
20 re«la b*rbed win, 0 pkgi pcp«r.
To Colombia — 835 bb!a flour, 10 ca canned
fruit. 200 lbs dried fruit. 200 lba ham, 50 ca
canned salmon, 269 sals wise, 1015 lba oats,
1S75 lba bran, 20<S | orts (arllo, 173 orta pota
toes. 200 cru onions, 20 pkgs brootna, S pk*a
fresh fruits.
To New York— 101.5U rals wln«. 2S4 fals
brandr. 1200 flasks qulcktllver, 200,779 lbs
wool, 2970 lba rlc«, 2822 pigs lead, 75 ca canned
roods, 80,000 lbs asphaltun. 13.810 lbs drr
hid«s. 75 baits Junk, 14 pkfa household goods,
2 pkgs dry roods, 1 pkr s«wtnr machines.
In addttton to Ui« forerolnr the st«am«r car*
rled 45.Q50 lba dried prunes, valued at $000, for
Hsjnburr. Otrmany, and 5 ca vanlla bean*,
valued at $4C0, for London, England.
?
On Account of Having Visited Various Central American Harbors the Steam
ship Is Ordered to Angel Island for Fumigation, but the Half Dozen
Cabin Passengers Are Released and Permitted to Go Ashore
KOSMOS LINER LUXOR REACHES PORT
AND GOES TO QUARANTINE STATION
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAIiL, SUNDAY, • AUGUST- 30, 1903.
35
/ WEBTIEEMENTS. _ »
|| fijg Ch\£~~ J^t^,^^ * -^ VoWar* J g| 4jTBk tif^b n \\\h
OJliiiL -\ii^ik Hewarui 1*1
Hessage to Hen Who Want Strength:
JnBBlHH H T HAVE perfected a new Belt, better and stronger than I have ever made be- ll-^
' fore,. a belt which will transform the weakest, puniest specimen of "half {/flljj)|
*V jf^^^^^^SB man" into a perfect cyclone of strength, and I want every man to use it I want §^\£
fltHTlr .raSS^iiil' a t . est case * Tnere^°r e » I °ff er ittOQO in gold to any weak man who will use ?Lk
W*W l^^^^^^l^S th * s ** e^ unc * er mv direction for four months and then show by examination of )|fflPi
\^p an y re P ut fbi e physician that he is not cured, sound and vvelL V [lijjjy
aYrrri^^B^-l^^^^^S s * s es P ec i a^y directed to men who have doctored for years without |T (J
fnjjjjp limpgiHH benefit. I want men with Rheumatism, Pains in the Back, Weak Kidneys, jL w -<&
Sciatica, Lumb.go, Varicocele, Prostatic Trouble (I cure by a new method), Lo- flluljy
W coniotor Ataxia, Torpid Liver, Indigestion and Dyspepsia. All of these troubles
'$lttntf? (SzEmBm ln cnron^ c f° rm I can cure w * tn is new B^' even after all other treatments sf g,
¦ JIIHT lilllllif * have failed. To every weak, debilitated man who wears this new Belt I give w|mtftf
ff my free electric attachment for men. |
•sNcjK This attachment is made for the purpose of treating all special ailments of men. and assures a cure a£ all waste of f.fini^lfr. « Jll|| \
TlT 1*^ early decay and debility. Its current is invigorating and wonderful in power.
•\ | If you can call, come and see me. and I will show you my new Belt and prove to you that it is a mondzzLsL device. Tott \( Hf
vf JiU||)' can feel the glowing current of life that flows into the weakened nerves. I will show you letters from, jocr cram neigh bo rs frTTnrg %w JSc *
v?y " yj how I cured them, I have over 50,000 testimonials in the past 21 years. ¦ Y Iff'ri'
£ If you can't call, write, and I will send a book describing my new method, with letters from many gratcml men sm£ women.. flj I 1
/'hmfl^ you wr * te sen(^ s a< * an<^ w '^ scn(^ c oo^« s "alcd. free. Cut the ad out and act to-day. . nj I Jf
|P(- NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES OR BY AGENTS S?l
°jTj DR. M. C. McLAUQHUN, 906 Market Street, Above 1HIU &» f^isco mf
T fllfu Offlca Houxi, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia St. Im* Angreles, 129 BorxtZt Spzfar Strr Jill II
£JD VEBTISEMENTS. - • . . :
I DR. LAWRESCE'S WOSDERPUL SEW I.MPHOVED
HI* VACUUM DEVELOPER
S&ZZJj'&W A.M> IWIGOUATOn.
_ Jr5 ss *^V y With »iv Patented 1'erfeet Diaphragm, and Other
R ¦*"**V*«r Improvement*. Sold Only by Da.
M QnloUly Kf«lore« Lout Strength. Permanently Cnrea
it ' *& Varlcocele, Drain*. Stricture and Prostatlo Troubles
3 J |* brailmpleHOME TllEAT.ME.VT.
I< , The VACUUM DKVELOPER stimulates and energizes the nerve
{* force and Induces a full and free circulation of Hood into the deblll-
J5 I tated parts, thus permanently strengthening and developing them,
b? J : : I Call or write for our 64-page Illustrated book No. 6, showing the
\{ • male system and explaining our special treatment.
if « Li £ent plain sealed free.
ri * ft | All Disease* of Men. Contracted Disorders, etc.. treated and
\\ * ¦ curfd by our specialists, even when others fail.
15 v\ Consultation Free and confidential, at offices, or br mail.
f.2 ji-j£ Hours— 0 a. m. to 9 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenings.
H ' *^*i I' *o Money Required I'ntll Cured.
H HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
J 6 O'Farrell St., near Market St., San Francisco.Mr. and Mrs. F. W; Mattern of Los An
gles are stopping at the Palace Hotel.
: -. - ¦ • • » • • - .
Mrs. M. M v Bernheim of Nevada City is
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. I. Brilliant (nee Jacobs),
ave returned from their honeymoon and
111 receive on Sunday, September 6, from
to 5 p. m., at their residence, 951 Golden
ate avenue. -
After a three months' stay in San Fran
:lsco Mrs. Julius S. Morris and her daugh
er Annie will leave for their, home in
-.os Angeles next Wednesday morning.
• * «
Mrs. Oscar Fird Hunt, formerly Sophie
Booth Ohln, has been entertaining her
!ather-ln-law, Zophar Hunt, and broth
!r-in-law, Amos Z. Hunt, of Washington.
0. C. .
? ? •
Henry Ewing of Exeter, California, is
idw in San Francisco, a guest at the
lome of Mrs. Isabel F. Dunne, 2941 Fol
(om street.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis M. Getz of -1419
tVebster street have returned after an ex
ended trip" to Catalina Island and the
louthland. At Los Angeles, as the guests
>f Dr. and Mrs. P. Steinhart, they were
nuch entertained by relatives and friends.
Millard C. Merrell, son of Mr. and Mrs.
r. M. Merrell of Oakland, left recently for
loughton, Michigan, to take a course in
ilvll and mining engineering.
• '.-'.• ? '-'¦'¦*
Mr: and Mrs. Newman Cohn will receive
Sunday, August 30, from 2 to 5 p. m., at
138 Scott street.
• . • •
• * *
Mrs. Giselman and son left last Monday
'or Europe. On the previous Saturday
Vlrs. Giselman gave a luncheon to Mte>s
at which ten yoi;ng friends
vere entertained.
Mr. and Mrs. George M. Perine are at
resent in New York, where they will re
nain for two weeks.
PERSONALS.
St. Mary's Square Association.
There will be a meeting cf St. Mary's
Square Association in St. Mary's Hall,
under St. Mary's Church, corner of Du
pont and California streets, Wednesday
evening. September 2 at 8 o'clock. .The
proposed bond issue will be the subject
of discussion.
Realty Company Incorporates.
The Western Investment and Realty
Company was Incorporated yesterday with
a capital stock of $200,000. The directors,
each nf ' whom have subscribed $100, are
Lee M. Olds, John J. Coghlan. Thomas
A. Keogh, E. W. Madden and T. J. Fa
hey.
The following is the programme for the
band concert at Golden Gate Park thi3
afternoon:
PART I.
"Star Spangled Banner."
March — "California Exposition". H. J. St'wart
Overture — "Poet and Peasant" Suppa
Walti — "Kapana" Waldteutel
Duet for two piccolos — "Xlghtinrale and
Blackbird" Kilns
Performed by Messrs. A. Lombardo and
Ik Newbauer.
Descriptive — "A Voyage In a Trocpshlp"..
Miller
, PART II.
Overture — "Nabucco 1 ' Verdi
Steuermann's LJed and Matroaen Chorus— (
from "The Flying; Dutchman" Wagrwr
"Awakening of the Lien" DeKor.sky
"La Paloma" Mlssud
Fantasie — "Lucia dl Lemmannoor" . . Donizetti
"America."
When you see a woman wearing baby
blue stockings it is a sign she ought not
to fet you.
Programme for the Band Concert.
The California State Floral Society will
hold a complimentary "Dahlia Show" at
Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter street, on Friday,
September 11. 'me exhibition will be
open from noon till five in the evening.
The premium list follows:
General collection of dahlias — First prize,
gold medal; second prise, silver medal. Cac
tus dahlias — Best twelve varieties, sliver med
al: best six varieties, society ribbon. Dacora
tlve dahlias — Best twelve varieties, sliver
medal: beat six varieties, society ribbon. Fan
cy dahlias — Best twelve varieties, silver med
al: best six varieties, society ribbon. Pompon
dahlias — Best twelve varieties, *Jlver medal:
best six varieties, society ribbon. Stngtn
dahlias — Best twelve varieties, silver medal;
best six varieties, society ribbon.
The exhibits must be in place at 12 m. and
are subject to the usual rules and regulations
of the society.
Committee of arrangements — Mrs. O. T>.
Wheeler, R. Llchtenbers. Mrs. W. S. Chan
dler. MRS. J. Tt. MARTIN, Chairman.
Dahlia Show Will Be Given.
Mrs. R. J. Racey of Pasadena, who has
been visiting her sister, Mme. Devas, of
this city|for the past fortnight, has re
turned to her home. Mrs. Racey has been
much interested in G. A. R. work in Pasa
dena and was delegate to the Woman's
Relief Corps Convention in this city.
Miss Jennie E. Thomas, who has been
residing at Vlneland, New Jersey, the past
ten years, is making- an extended visit to
her mother. Mrs. Kate Thomas, Polk
street. Miss Thomas, during her long ab
sence from San Francisco, has made
numerous and steadfast friends in the
East. She Is a member of one of the
mast exclusive amateur dramatic clubs in
New Jersey and Is an expert at golf and
tennis.
Mr. and Mrs. John H. Drumgold will
spend a three weeks' vacation at the
Tessajara Hot Springs, Monterey County.
visiting her sister, Mrs. Sam C. Greenberg.
at 1161 Steiner street. At home Thursday
afternoon, September 3.
A bjrthday party was given to Misses
Pearl and Violet Sulsberg by their parents
on Saturday afternoon last at their new
home, 1330 Halght street. The afternoon
was pleasantly spent In vocal arid Instru
mental music, fancy and ballroom dancing
in the social hall. Dainty refreshments
were served at 4 o'clock. Thos.e present
were: Miss Pearl Sulsberg, Miss Violet
Sulsberg. Miss Althea Neff, Miss Nellie
Hinds, Miss Violet Long,' Miss Daisy
Long, Miss Constance Pleth, Miss Dorothy
-Peyser, Miss Dotti« Coffin, Miss Gladys
Ragan, Miss Gladvs Cutler, Miss Hazel
Silva. Miss Elsie Oberdeener, Miss Clara
bel Klrby, Miss Caroline Nathan, Miss
Grace Maxwell, Miss Flossie Besthorn,
Miss Mildred Little, Miss Ena Leek. Miss
Bertha Storman, Miss Edna Storman,
Master Howard Swift, Master Irving
Swift, Master Roy Myers.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Abraham recently cele
brated their twentieth wedding anniver
sary at their residence, 442 Fulton street.
The rooms were artistically decorated and
covers were laid for seventy-nve guests.
A luncheon was given by Mrs. J. H.
Helms of 234 Sixth avenue in honor of her
niece, Miss Alvah Ward, whose marriage
is approaching. The decorations were car
nations. The table decorations consisted
of a large mirror centerpiece with pansles
scattered In every available place. Among
thoBO present were: Mrs. Dr. Sage, Mrs.
H. E. Sage, Mrs. John M. Ward, Miss
Estella Ward, Miss Edyth Helms, Mrs.
Wal'.ey. Mrs. Minnie James, Miss Bertha
Bechtol.
ceive between 2 and 5 p. m., at their resi
dence, 933A Jackson street.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Cook will celebrate the
twenty-ftfth anniversary of their marriage
on Sunday, September 6, and will re-
A surprise party was given to Miss
Mayme Petersen at her home at 717 Treat
avenue, August 22. Those present were:
Miss Grace Petersen, Miss Mayme Ras
mussen, Miss Mury Samuelsen, Miss Nel
lie Ring, Miss Bertha Groensberg. Misses
Dora and Sophie Bahr. Miss Rhoda E.
von Wedde, Miss Minnie Vind and "Miss
Lena Hanson, Robert Armstrong,, Peter
C. Petersen, Louis Petersen, Hans Camp.
Hans Rasmussen, Joe Armstrong, Severin
Nelsen. Herman and Oscar Groensberg,
Sam Miller, Peter Hansen, Master Carlo
and Henry Petersen. Mrs. H. M. Petersen,
Mr. and Mrs. N. D. Petersen.
An enjoyable dinner party was tendered
on Tuesday last to Isidor Schwartz on the
eve of his departure to visit his sister
In Chicago by Mrs. Basch nt. 1176 Ellis
street. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Basch. Mr. and Mrs. Babash. Mra. Win
ner, Louis and Carl Basch, Miss Basch,
Louis Herzog, Mrs. Bronson and . Master
Babash.
A dinner party was given recently by
Mrs. Kraus at her residence, 766 Eighth
avenue, in honor of her mother, Mrs. Cas
sie England, who lately arrived from Kan
sas City. Covers were laid for twenty.
In the evening a younger set arrived and
entertained the older ones with instrumen
tal music, singing, recitations and danc
inir.
A surprise party was given Arthur
Wicks on his nineteenth anniversary,
August 10, by his many friends at his
home, 1040 Mission street. The parlors
were, handsomely decorated for the occa
sion. An excellent programme was ren
dered, after which refreshments were
served. Among those present were: Misse3
Edith Dickerson, Maud Holloway, Grace
Penaluna, Dora Mullins, Lizzie Mulltns,
Johanna Bosschard . and .Mrsi Clara
Muenz, Arthur Wicks, Dow Luck, Henry
von Geisterfeld. Hugo Callahan, Clinton
Stanbride, Laurence Sinclair, Loyd Boyn
ton, Johnny Muenz and Theodore Wicks.
Mr. Luck acted as toastmaster of the
evening.
Mr. and Mrs. I. Frledberg recently cele
brated their twentieth anniversary (china
wedding) at their residence, 1216^ Go'.den
Gate avenue. The residence was artisti
cally decorated with ferns, greens and
freshly cut (lowers, strings of smilax and
streamers of red and white ribbon. Cov
ers were laid for fifty guests, who par
took of a delicious supper in the light o£
candelabra and the fragrence of the blos
soms. The tables were laid beneath a
canopy of ilshcrmen'6 net entwined with
ivy, in which were set the llgures "1SS3"
and "1003." Mrs. Fricdberg was the recip
ient of many beautiful presents, among
which was a handsome diamond sunburst,
the gift of her husband. **
HOME PARTIES.
WEDDINGS.
The wedding, of Clara, youngest daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles D. Evers, to
H. II. Slem will take place on Wednesday
evening. September 9/1903, at the home
of her parents, 732 Shotwell street.
A very pretty wedding occurred on
Tuesday, ISth inst., at the home of Mr.
acd Mrs. A. Leaf, 225 Shotwell street,
when Miss Julia Oldham became the bride
of F. R. Sampson of this city. The double
parlors were profusely decorated for the
occasion with white blossoms and ferns.
The large bay-window was transformed
Into a bower of ferns . and flowers and
under a huge wedding bell of white sweet
peas the happy couple stood while the
Rev. A. C. Bane of Howard-street Church
spoke the words which made them one.
The bridal party was led by little Beatrice
Leaf, niece of the groom, as ringbearer.
Next came Ada Torras and Winnie Wil
liams as bridesmaids, dressed In white and
carrying large bunches of pink sweet pea?.
Following came the ijiatron of honor, ..vlrs.
Williams, a sister of the bride. In pale
blue and carrying bridesmaid roses. The
bride entered on the arm of her brother
in-law, W. Williams, looking very hand
some In a white gown profusely trimmed
with lace and ribbon and carrying a show
er bouquet of brides roses. The. best man
was J. II. Sampson, brother of the groom.
After a sumptuous wedding supper, danc
ing continued until a late hour, when the
couple departed amid a shower of rice and
confetti. After a trip to the southern part
of the State the happy couple will reside
in this city. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. H. Sampson, Mrs. Oatis, Mr. and
Mrs. WlJHams. Mr. and Mrs. Oldham, Mr.
and Mrs. W. Torras, J. H. Sampson, May
Sampson, Mr. and Mre. A. Leaf, Charles
Clark, Beatrice Leaf, Ada Torras, Win
nie Williams, J. H. Haryey. Frank Carr,
Mrs. J. Neal, Mr. and Mrs. McMenomey,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Lawsen, Mr. and Mrs.
Fred Kennet, Miss Martha Campbell. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Graul, Miss Clara ,Phoe
dovius, Frank Phoedoviua, Mr. and Mrs.
Sawyer, MIbs Charlotte Sawyer, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Smith.' Ray "Collins. Miss Quinn, ;
Mr. Cook, Master Torras, Master Oldham
and Master N*al.
George McCamly Oswill and Miss Edna
Pearl Matheson were united in marriage
last Wednesday at 2 o'clock In St. Steph
en's Church. The Rev. Ernest Bradley
officiated and Martin Schultz presided at
the organ. Owing to the recent death
of the bride's father the weddinc was
very quiet, only the relatives of the fami
lies Interested being present, of whom
there were ouite a number. The brides
maid was Miss Fairweafher, and W. J.
Mathcson was the best man.
A very pretty home wedding took place
on Tuesday at the home of Mrs. Mary
McDevitt. 924 Page street, when her eld
cat daughter Mavme and Leon Donihue
of Seattle became husband and wife. The
ceremony was performed under a bell of
roues and lilies of the valley in the bow
windows of the drawing-room, the Rev.
Father Lagan of Sacred Heart Church
officiating. The bride was attended by
her.former schoolmate. Miss Minnie Colt
hurst. John O'Nell was best man.
Both bride and maid of honor wore
traveling gowns and carried shower bou
quets of bride's roses. The house was
decorated with greens, smllax and astors.
None bu the Immediate relatives were
present. After a wedding reception the
happy couple left for the south, where
they will spend their honeymoon. On
their return Mr. and Mrs. Donihue will
hold a reception at the bride's former
home.
James Henry Campbell arid Frances Ce
celia Quinn were married at St. Mary's
Cathedral on Tuesday, the 25th of August,
by the Rev. Jerome B. Hannigan. assist
ant rector of he cathedral. Both arc of
San Francisco.
PI2TCHOT WILL LECTURE
ON PRESERVING FORESTS
Chief of United States Bureau Will
Be Tendered a Banquet To- f
Morrow Evening. &
Glfford Pinchot. chief- of the Forestry'
Bureau cf tire United ; States,. is ibelng
heartily entertained during his visit to
;hi? city. A banquet will be tendered him
by his friends of -the Sierra and Unlver
t-iiy clubs at the University Club to-mor-$
row evening. Those down on the pro
gnimms to make after dinner speeches
arc Mr. Plnchot, Warren . Olney, Benja
min Ide Wheeler and William H. Mills.
Among those who will attend are:
Chief JuFt:c« V.'IIliam II. Bcatty. W. F.
Hade. J. S. Kunnell. Max Hlum. William E.
Colbr. F. H. Dam. E. A. Dentate, Georp- Ed
vards Warren Gregory, Joip Galen Howard,
J. S. HutdiinBon. K. G. Knapp, CurtU H.
l.!r.d)ey. Vr. J. K. McLean. Remard I*. Miller,
I>r. Hart C. Merriam. J. K. Moffltt. Elliott
McAllister. JL H. llcAUlrfr. Er. J. C. Spen
cer. F. Searby aiid H. II. Sherwuwl.
Friday evening Mr. PInchot will enter
lain at the residence of Enll Pohli. On
next Tuteday Mr. Pinchot will lecture in
the afternoon to the nr.ernber* of the Cal
ifornia. Club.
The Indiana legislature has made It a
misdemeanor for a railroad to permit
m«*n in the operating departments to
work more than sixteen hours contin
uously. V.
AT THE RESORTS.
AT J»ARAISO SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— L. H. Coleman, W. A. Tayler,
I. Peisner. H. Hollman, T. E. Hoover, J.
C. Bruno. Clara Mayer, Miss EJla Demlng,
Mrs. Katharlna Hoelsher. Mrs. Helene B.
Gruenlnger. Mrs. M. Hamilton. Dr. J. S.
P. Claudius, C. B. Parson, (Mrs. C.
Parson. T. E. Ronnie, wife and children.
From PortJand— John Clarke. Roy C.
Clark, Mrs. Apperson. From Salinas— J.
A. Anderson, wife and child, Mrs. P.
Garrlssiere, J. P. Lauritzen and wife, Mrs.
J. H. .Hind, Miss Jenny Lind. From Grass
Valley— W. H. Tuttle and wife. From
Sacrament«>-H. G. Galllvan, Henry
Mlchals and wife. From Watsonvllle—
Charles Kullta C. McCuen, Miss Amelia
Kulitz. From Bakersfield. J. B. Barges.
From Kings Cl:>— J. N. Besse, J, Mathl
fcn. Vrom Mirapolis — A. M. Smith and
wife. 0 From Mii'A-auke, Wls.— John H.
Kears.
AT SEIGLER HOT SPRINGS: From
San Francisco— Arthur A. Lotto, Samuel
M. Crlm and wife. M. L. Ward. Thomas
CarricV. Miss L. M. Muller, MIes Birdie
Barr, Miss P. C. Burkhardt, John Mearns
and wife, Acidrew Jackson, C. B. Thomas
and wife, George Wilkins, Alex R. Imbrie,
Mrs. M. F. Doyle, Miss A. G. Sheridan,
Miss M. Sullivan, Miss K. MIchaelson. J.
H. Donovan and wife, Mrs. William
Rrown. Harry M. W«rd, Miss A. McDon
ald. Mies Annette Erickson, Miss Grace
Burmelster, William F. Dahl, L. F. Ter
kclson. wife and son; Dave McLaughlln
and wife, Pete Sloane and wife, Mies Kit
lie Nolan. Mrs. A. A. Cottrell. Mrs. M. C.
Smith, Dr. Ed C. Davis. Miss Caddy
Armstrong, Mrs. Violet Kesner and son,
8. C. Schwartz, Miss Mollie Commer
ford, Mrs. C Cornmerford.- Miss M. Hogan,
Charles A. Plummer, Mrs. F. R. Webb.
From Oakland— W. E. Wolfe, Dave Mc-
Laughlln and wife, L. Stetson, P. N.
Miocovlrcli. Miss C. F. Schall, Mies A.
Coghlan, Mrs. H. Matthews. From Napa
—Mrs. Nelson Wulf and daughters. Miss
R. Br-uschrl. From Santa Rosa— W. K.
Faiiey. From Sauselito— Edward Brod
crlck, Edward Caughlin. Daniel Whaley.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— Dr. Redmond Payne, Dr. Clyde
Payne. If. P. Mendelsohn, J. F. Cutchall.
From San Jose— Mary Walter. From Sac
ramento—T. R. Remele, J. D. Slvils.
From Blseon— L. L. Stillson and wife, E.
H. Kaupp, Miss Kate Glblln. From Co
lusa—James Kenny. From Yreka— G. A.
Johnson. From Morgan vl He— John Wil
liams. From Scott Valley— Mrs. Isabelle
Berry. From Princeto— George DickhuL
From Portland— T, Birkhlmer. From Med
ford—T. McAndrew, A. D. Naylor. From
Ashland— Mrs. S. S. Nason. From Klam
ath Falls— C. N. T. Armstrong. From
Washington, D. C— A. Ul. Mopre. From
Lansing. Mich.— J. W. Potter, H. Jones
and wife. From Chicago— Dr. A. F.
Kaupp.
Agua Callente Springs Is making prepa
rations for a country dance and garden
party to be given at the springs, under the
directions of Professor G. R. Puckett of
San Francisco, on Saturday, September 6.
Progressive whist and prices will be the
feature of the afternoon's entertainment
The place Is being beautifully decorated
and everything possible is being done to
render the affair a success. Refreshments
will be served during the evening.
Two things a woman never can do natu
rally are to smoke cigarettes and cross
her Iten.
CLUB PARTIES.
Mrs. A. D. Mclntyre, the president of
the Association of Pioneer Women of Cal
ifornia, gave a reception at her house, 10
Bartlett etreet on Thursday, the 20th
inst., to the officers and members of that
organization. The Grand Army feature of
the work was represented by several
army nurses of the Civil War who were
present.
The residence was beautifully decorated
with colorings of golden poppy or esch
scholtzia banks of tho sunny hued flowers
were placed effectively wherever they
could possibly lend an additional charm.
Conversation ' and dajiclng diverted the
time of the ladles and just . before re
freshments were served the good old
fashioned Virginia reel was started and
danced by almost the. entire company.
These young and old ladies came from
Oakland, Alameda, Guerneville and this
city to the number of fifty at least/and
those who were detained, absent still at
country resorts, or by Illness, missed one
of ' the most delightful , functions ever
given to the Pioneer Women.
A book was begun which is to contain
the names of all the members, also their
fathers and mothers, and the time of ar
rival In California, which Is Bure to be of
exceeding value and interest in the years
to come. . ¦ , ¦.¦¦ '
Among those present were Mrs. A. D.
Mclntyre, Mrs. "Chase, Mesdames Llght
ner, McCormlck, Cummlngs, Geary, Tre
vor, Burr, Gorham, Gummer, BTelden
steln. Mosse, Pollock, Morton, Reay.'Mac
donald, Bray, Phelps, Chapin, Wain
wrlght, McAvoy, Keith, Kinsman. Joslln,
King, Hendry, Scooffy, Gamage, Coghlan,
Collins, Cabanlss,'. Crlttenden, . Von der
Mehdcn, ..Bagley, Thompson, Chellard,
Donzell, West, Gates, Van Orden, Sharp.
less, Hayes.
The California Woman's Whist Leagui
will formally open the season on Thurs
day,' September 3. by holding, Its anniver
sary "x>p«n meeting" at, Red Men's Hall
but win return to Its former clubrooms or
Monday, August 31. j
The directors earnestly request all
members who contemplate joining this
series " to be present- on - Monday ¦ so . thai
they may be placed satisfactorily.
Mr. and Mrs. Alex Mann announce the
engagement of their daughter, Miss Alice
Mctnn, to Louis H. Benasl They will re
ceive Sunday, September 6." at 1019 Geary
street, the home of the bride-elect.
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Leszynsky announce
the engagement of ther daughter, Julie,
to Louis 11. Brownstone. They will re
ceive Sunday, September 6, at ISIS Pine
street.
Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Turpln announce
the engagement of their daughter, Clarl
bel, to Dr. H. H. Keene. The wedding
will take place In the near future.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Lillian J. Dunbar of San Francisco to
William J. Haase of Now York.'
ENGAGEMENTS.
A glance at the news columns of the
dailies shows that there is a large num
ber of fall weddings 'on the lists and Cu
pid's compaign promises a number of
early autumn marriages.
/7r\jr\ OW that " summer outings
C* | have become . history the
-A-j I masses of those that went
- ..,[ L.to seaside and lake, moun-
J LJ Vy tain fastnesses and wood
land' wild are returning to
their homes. . /
.With the home comings life begins Its
wonted duties, cares and amusements. It
H not surprising-, therefore, that home
parties abound, that engagements are an
nounced and that weddings are quite
numerous.
The pupils of Hlnman's branch school
of dancing will give a party at their hall,
corner of Howard and Twenty-first
streets, Monday evening, September 6.
A very interesting piano recital was
given by the pupils of Miss Bertha Alten.
berg on Wednesday /evening at Byron
Mauzy Hall, on Post street. The pro
gramme was as follows: "Ivucla dl Lam
mermoor (Donizetti-Smith), Hannah
Rfhde and May Rohde: "Polonaise No. 1"
OLlchner), Georgle Smith; rondoletto
(Burgmuller), Olga Nicholson; "Tarant
elle" (Heller), Henrietta Rosenblum;
"Hunting Song" (Spindler), Carrie Renz;
"Valse de Concert" (Godard), Goldie Sam
uels, Dorothy Smith and Ella Stade;
"L'Amcthyste" (Leduc), "William Nlchol.
son; "A Happy Meeting" (Sartorlo), Anna
Greene and Victoria Steinbach; "Valse de
Concert No. 1" (WIeniawski), Stella
Crosthwaite, (2) "Rosen Fee" (Dewitz),
Flora Morris; "Dlavo'.lna," etude (Ben
del), Leah/ Conn; "II Trovatore (Verdi-
Dorn),. Josephine Horn; "Dreaming and
Awakening" (Oesten), Nell Harkins.
• . * *
The Oak Leaf Club held its second mid.
summer reception at its ha'.l' In Native
Sons' building, on Seventeenth street, on
Tuesday evening last. The hall was taste
fully . decorated, the club's colors, pink
and green, predominating. The affair, as
usual, was an invitational one, and danc
ing, the featur.e of the evening, was thor
oughly enjoyed by the large number of
friends who had responded. G. Laux act
ed as floor manager and the following
ladles had charge of the refreshments:
Miss I. Hansen, Miss H. Bjornsted, Miss
M. Koch, Miss L. Koch, Miss B. Ham
mcrich and Miss T. Kostering. The next
social takes place on Tuesday evening,
September 22.
The game will be called promptly at 2
o'clock for the benefit of all . concerned.
There will be handsome members' and
visitors' prizes for best score made, music
and light refreshments. The straight
whist prize on Monday was won by Mrs.
R. E. Miller, who so^kindly tendered the
use of her spacious residence to the club
during the summer months while the
clubrooms were being renovated.
There are many new names on the
membership roll and the old members are
expected to facilitate matters for the di
rectors by meeting these ladles and by be
ing appointed to their special duties on
Thursday, at the open ; meeting.
Judging from the number of cards Is
sued and accepted, the club looks forward
to what promises to be the most success
ful meeting held by it during its short ex
istence. : >
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO * CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
36
ADVTCTLTISEMiarrS.
A..SECRET
Told by a Pioneer Physician o? San Francisco.
San Fraiicbco, January 31, 1933. back to $tay. My friends, many of
The testimony ihowing ths success of >l£l§l|>w w hcm were opposed to my taking this treat-
the M. Ella Harris Skin Tr;atm:ntwas mnitf are now mest enthnratfic. They
tverwhe'.ming. I hid no dcubt of^H^Pk fa y my Toice b ths tame, my 4 «trick
what it could do for cthen on j^^SBSBSSStk. cf phrase" is not altered and lam
whom I had in many instances J^SSB^^li^^^^^^. once more the weman they knew
t-:n it tried, but I still time had laid its hand
tioned its effect on me. U Jf^^^^tj/SSBB^f^^mKoa my face, and I can add I
secmtd altogsfter im-^^^.^^^^^^^^^^V^ 6 'kern more than erer
luch long stand'ng. I wai 1 *'^-'^ -I *",/,„„.. „*»#/» - !S f"
T , e , e , » i jfc*- }i ,-/ anaesthetics ai a boon to hu-
worss. I therefore put myself in X^ Vman T tv I he : t • 1
cha- ge .of Mr, Hani,, with the NT v -'-;, W\irc my imqualified'bdTnS To
astomshmg result that my face „ a, V I hare tnvdcTTo^
finoothai 1 when I wa, young and is a » V,i|Whe world and hare consulted skin s^cialisa
entrdy nd of frecldes and a most unsightly \% many count™., but I have nerer Un her
leacodermatous^spot; also eczema, wh.ch was mcthod dupHcated. Re pectfoDj lubmitted,
the bane of myhf;;c*en the dunple in my chin, «««*"u*u,
long since turned into a hideoss wrinkle, has E. G. C M.D.
The name and address of this pioneer physician of San Frandsco may be had at
my office.
I will maintain my present special rates for a short time longer. Call or write for
my book. ;
M.ELLA HARRIS, Chemist and Skin Specialist, 781 O'FarrellSt.
NEWMAN & XJjVXUSOir. . ..
Stylish New Gloves for Fall
We Fit and Guarantee Every Pair of Gloves Sold by Us
AH the newest colors and styles for fall are here— and you'll likely find just what you want to
wear with your fall gowns. The qualities and brands are all of the best— have been tried and
tested by years of experience. We mention three styles much asked for :
The AMAZON-a two clasp Glace' The MAGGIONI - a 3 clasp fine The REYNIER-a two clasp Pique
Kid Glove? embroidered and finely quality Kid Glove; Paris point em- Glove, made of finest selected Kia
sewed; black, white and all colors broidery; black, white and colors skins; all colors; alsa black and waite
$1.00 Pair $1.50 Pair z $2.00 Pair
A~Great Purchase at a Low Price of G2E5W
Ladies' Handsome New Fall Waists
$6.00 Waists on Special Sale at $4.25
fou never saw such desirable Waists at anywhere near the price. The purchase could not
have been made at a more opportune time — we secured them right at the begining of the season at a
specialprice concession — about 400 in all. Among them are Handsome Waists of Wool Albatros
in small and. large polka dots — Fancy figured Alpaca Waists, lined and trimmed with large pearl
buttons. All are this seasons's very newest styles and effects, beautifully pleated, tucked, etc.— j
every desirable color is here including black and white. They were made to sell at $6.00 -^ -
but through this special purchase we offer them to-morrow at , *p*T»&D
' Clearance Sale of Walking Skirts '&£&
These four lots are emphatically bargain lots — It is time these skirts should go — and in order
to. close them out quickly we offer them to-morrow at these reduced prices :
Tailor made Wash Dress Skirts, made of ex- tf1 o _ White Pique Dress Skirts. In black and blue *- - ft
cellent quality Linen Crash, were Si. 75, now $1.25 polka dots, with embroidery insertion, were$3-3°»
Covert Cloth Walking Skirts, with 7 rows of * -- Linen Dress Skirts. In dark blue and gray, c - nn
stitching at the bottom, tailor finish, were $2.25, $1.75 12 rows of tucking at the bottom.were $4-co, now
Sale 1 of Ribbons Cushion Tops Reduced
{Main Akle-Kearny St.) . (Second Floor Eearay St.)
We place on sale to-morrow severnl thousand For Monday —^selected from our Art Needle-
yards of our popular Satin Taffeta Ribbons, all work Department, we offer handsome Cushion
silk and 5^ inches wide, in black, white and Covers, in floral, conventional, etching and
all colors, regularly 35c per yard— special at smoker designs, were originally sold, top with
Sale Price 3OC a Yard back at 50c -to-morrow at
An bows tied fre e Sale Price 25c each
Remarkable Values in Silks ©2#Q
Black Taffeta Silk?, 19 inches wide, ( 30 inch Corded Black Silks, specially Anew shipment of handsome Drap-
a firm gocd dress qrality, warranted adapted for the new style long coats, « r y Silks just received — Thty«re 32
.11 silk, vyorth re £ ubrly „,-> Italted sold regularly at J,. JS -on sa.c
quantity to-morrow at the low price of morrow atthe^speclal price of ceptional value at
50c a yard 95c a yard 75c a yard
Madras and Arabian Lace Curtains (^""" r)
These four splendid values in Curtains selected from the new Housefurnishing Goods Depart-
ment in our Sutter St. Annex — Dozens of other values just as good await you here to-morrow:
Snowflake Curtains, ecru ground, with Dretty cross I Arabian Curtains, with 'strong cable net centers, In a
stripes in blue, green, old rose and red, fringed Cl o - large variety of entirely new corded borders, ex- - r
at bottom, worth $1.50 per pair, special at <pl.d,0 ceptional value at $2.75
Madras Curtain*, cream color ground, with silk mixed Arabian Curtains, for parlor use, exquisite designs In
cross stripes in prettiest of colors; worth $ 2 00 *. _ n novelty effects, on heavy net. sold regularly at __
pair, special at :.......:... .pl.OlJ J4.25 per pair, at .......: ......:...!.......... $>3.7o
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any- address
AD Vi.BTISljJJu.iJHa.iij . .. ,
tsS^t^o^ ?^5w i Sl?'*' !5^SSK- tS^^^Syp*^jjfiCfawAjtijfl|
Miss Nettie Blackmore, Minneapolis,
tells how any young woman may be per-
manently cured of monthly pains by taking
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
" Yorxo "Womex : — I had frequent headaches of a severe nature,
dark spots before .my eyes, and at my menstrual periods I suffered
untold agony. A member of the lodge advised me to try Lydia E.
IMnkhanVs Vegetable Compound, but I only scorned good advice and
f.-lt that rny case was hopeless, but she kept at ine until I bought a
little and started taking it. I soon had the best reason in the world to
change mv opinion of the medicine, as each day my health improved, and
finally I was entirely without pain at my menstruation periods. . I am most
grateful"— Xettie Blackmore, 28 Central Ave., Minneapolis, Minn.
Paififul Periods
arc quickly and permanently overcome by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound. The above letter Is only one of hundreds of
thousands which prove this s utement to be a fact. Menstruation
is a severe strain on a woman's vitality, — if it *s painful something:
is wronjr. Don't take narcotics to deaden the pain, but remove
the cause — perhaps it is caused by irregularity or womb displace-
ments, or the development of a tumor. "Whatever it is, Lydia
E. Pinkltam's Vegetable Compound is guaranteed to cure it.
If there is anything 1 about vour case about which you ¦would like special
advice, write freely to Mrs. Pinkha'm. iXoman will see your letter. She can
Rarely help you, for no person in America has such a wide experience in treat-
ing female ills as she has had. She has helped hundreds; of thousands of
n-omea back to health. Her address is Lynn. .Mass.; and her advice is free.
Yon are very foolish if you do not accept her kind invitation.
>-«gj«g5ggh^ £ Details of Another Case.
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — Ignorance and
carelessness is the cause of most of the suffer-
gWiTOBg35a»i«|& ings of women. I believe that if we properly
«slr " understood the laws of health we would all be
pZSj^ *>~^*&g& well, but if the sick women only know the.
>§*^5*\'^^ b tgil trutn about Lydia E. Pinkliam's
t4^j &B& p om pound, they would be saved much suffer-
\ /f* fe§r ing and would soon be curedi
I^JaL *^ t '* J\ ' *** used it for five months for a local diffl-
f r*^"§bs^ ' * culty which had troubled me for year?,
yS^g^Sb'^^J^ " and'for which I bad spent hundieds
V& §SSiife^«i8L(rttew of n0 »ars U1 tne vain endeavor to rec-
I^^S^Vg^^^^^S^k tify. My life forces were being sapped,
and I ras dail 7 losin S my Vitality. •
C* '^&^ ;// ''$>ffig' " Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cured me completely, and
I am now enjoying the best of health, and am most gTateful, and only
ton pleased to endorse such a great remedy.* — Miss Jennie L. Edwards,
G04 II St., X. W^ Washington, D. C. c c
}Irs. Pznkham, whose address is Lynn, Mass., will answer cheer-
f , jr .. - . • --"•.,,,j t cost a jj j c tters addressed to her by sick women*
ADVZETISEMEirrS.
> Kxn\7au.7£ii0w\Wm& rzWiaBBtt I
AKP/ZAMoy jam: Vs&at. ¦•¦¦Jfc iaBEw J
jvjrrjy sxa/z/zs. \<B&&m8B68&]\
sstazj^ sax /«/r- Y%ra TT^B3|f/
rjy>'*-'J- sfCAJ! JV^at -^**^^r
I r*vrsr£>crr ctrrrrym -^*
; AZ£P/CS.%£ JtesroAT- ¦ '
DRk WILLIAMS
mi^m superfluous
WSgt HAIR
HSfc^^lPi 4 ELECTROLYSIS
tSI^S#J*3 From Face. Neck and Arm*.
fPW m Tttixl Ble&i *fe" Keaerei
WrjWsRm. Jbt pcTCi ncr nw
¦K*jase£w ths ntloLUrrKiTHon
DR. E. H. RETSLOFF,
603 gttrr glng-Blflfr. 181 Qury 8t.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other iactaJ btralcbea are rtmoved fey
1)11. cn4 MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohci
bullying. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, room*
2*-2J*. » 1th th« electric needle without pala or
¦car; pennaaeacx guaranteed; boon 1 to 4 p.ra.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAY-GRAY-GRAY
"Dear me! To think that I am old
and gray! Oh, that I might be young
and Fresh again!" So said a premature-
Ily old lady in our hearing a week or two
ago. We are pleased to say that the
lady referred to had a pleasant surprise —
someone recommended \
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
4^" clay
HAIR RESTORER
and the results, as usual* were wonder-
ful. "I was never so surprised and de-
lighted in all my life," was the testimony
ofour lady friend.
: This is i only one of scores of similar
cases? and this will be" YOUR* happy
experience if you decide to use this won-
Iderf ul restorer. * '
$1.00 a Bottle. All Druggists.
WE EMPLOY NO TRAVELING AGENTS
Mrs. Nettie Harrison Go.
DERMATOLOGIST:
140 Geary St., San Francisco, Cal.Frau Charlotte Wechssler of Stuttgart
attained her hundredth birthday on June
8. She has been a widow for sixty-four
years. The Mayors of Stuttgart and Ulm
personally congratulated her on her cen
tenary, and the King of Wurtemberg sent
her a magnificently bound Bible through
her grandson. Major Fabre du Four.
At z, previous meeting of the board It
had been- decided to charge an admission
fee of $1 to the racetrack. As a result
of the objections to such action of the
board, coming from all over the State,
the board at this afternoon session re
duced the admission fee to the park to
50 cents. Admission to the paddock will
be 50 cents extra. Admission to the
grandstand will be free.
President Rush and acting Secretary
Lowden were emaowered to arrange a
race for "drummers' day" on some other
day than Friday, September 4. At the
request of the horsemen the overnight
purses were increased.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 29.— There was a
lively meeting of the State Agricultural
Society this afternoon and the directors
were compelled to go into executive ses
sion in order to cut short ft wordy wran
gle between Caesa? Young, ,a bookmaker
of San Francisco, and D. J. Simmons,
an auctioneer of this city. Slmmns
evinced a desire of cutting in on the pool
selling privileges at the racetrack dur
ing the State fair. This so. Incensed
Young that he referred to Simmons in
very sarcastic terms and wound up by
telling him to throw himself out of a
window and "go back to hit dump pile."
Simmons said he would do neither, but
that he would have Young In the dump
pile before night. The row was getting
to be more and more interesting, when it
was cut short by the board going Into
executive session. ¦ ,;' : .
Directors of State Agricultural So*
ciety Grant the Request of
- Racegoers.
K£DTJCE ADMISSION FEE
TO THE SACRAMENTO TRACK
Serious Charge Against Physician.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 29.^-Dr. R. E. Free
man, who resides en the Alameda, was
arrested this eftemocn on a charge of
felony. \ The complaint was made by Mrs.
Sophia Joseph, the mother of Mrs. John
Lyra, who died In a sanitarium here last
Thursday. She accuses Freeman of caus
ing her daughter's- death. The defend
ant was nlaced uader 110,000 bonds.
Pension. Comes Too Late.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 29.— John Green, a
veteran of the Civil War, was found dead
several months ago among the rocks
around the point from Cowell wharf. It
was supposed that he drowned himself.
Notice came from "Washington to-day
that Green had been allowed a monthly
pension of $10 and four years' back pen
sion.
had been appointed instructor in the elec
trical engineering department. Mr. Cur
tis has been in charge of the testing de
partment of the General Electrical Com
pany of Schnectady and will arrive fr^m
the East to-morrow to assume his duties
at the university. He graduated from the
University of Colorado In 1900, taking the
degrep of bachelor of science.
Great Britain spends Jll.000,000 a
year on the support of the poor. This
does aot include private charities.
"All last night was spent in talking
over boyhood days on the farm and • as
soldiers in the field. Then we talked of
the time we have spent apart, each
mourning for the death of the other."
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 29.— Two brothers,
bofh veterans of the Civi? "War, met here
yesterdajr. after a separation of j thirty
five years, during which time neither had
received any *ord of the other. J. M.
Lucas of New Mexico And J. H. Lucas
of San Diego were thr principals In the
happy reunion. ¦ " , ,
"After the war," saift J. M. Lucas to
day, "my brother and I separated. He
came out "West. . I stayed In the East.
During the war we both served In the
Twenty-first Ohio Regiment. Well, we
Soally losj track of each 'vsther, and each
thought the otber was dead. few years
ago. I moved to New Mexico near Santa
Fe. I decided I would attend the encamp
ment held in Sttt Francisco and I was
there during encampment week.
"On my way home I Jecided to come
here to htte your famous bay. X arrived
yesterday, and white in a fruit store on
Seventh street recognized the proprietor
as my brother. I went up w him and,
without saying anything, showed him the
picture of our mother, which I carry with
me. He had not recognized me at first,
but when he eaw our mother's picture
In rru- hands he fcnew me at' once, and
we embraced each other, much to the
surprise and afterward tlie delight of the
others in th« store.
. "When we seoarated ¦sr> were little more
than boys," continued Lucas. "We have
lived through the prime rt our lives apart.
Now when we met* apain after thirty
flve years we are both fathers and grand
fathers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Each Had Long Mourned for
the Supposed Death of
'"• ¦: the Other. 0,;:?^
Meet After Having Been
Separated for Thirty-
Five Years.
ALASKA PACKERS
HAVE GOOD YEAR
' .
Cannery Tender Brings
News of the Salmon
Catch.
> ¦
Many Fishermen Drowned
Owing to Rather Stormy
• Weather.
I Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., Augr. 29.— The cannery
tender North Star, "belonging to the Alas
ka Fishermen's Packing Company of this
city, arrived to-day from Bristol Bay,
Alaska, with the first news of the salmon
pack In tlie far north. The pack will be
quite up to that of last year. The weath
er was very stormy and many drownlngs
occurred. The Alaska Packers' Asssocla
tion lost seven men, the Portland-Alaska
Packing Company two^nen and the Alas
ka Fishermen's Packing Company one
man. ;i ,%'¦¦ -^
The. pack of the canneries near Nusha
gak was as follows: Alaska Packers, 231,
000 cases; Pacific Packing and Navigation
Company, 63,000 cases; Alaska Fishermen's
Packing Company, 43,130 cases; Portland-
Alaska Packing Company, 39,000 cases;
Columbia River Packers' Association, 28.
700 cases; Wood River cannery, 25.000
cases, and North Alaska Packing Com
pany, 13,000 cases. Total, 494,830 cases.
The Alaska Packers shipped into Nush
agak considerable salmon from outside
Ftreair.A It Is expected the total Alaska
pack will reach that of last year.
New Instructor for Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 29.—
President Jordan announced to-day that
Kenneth L. Curtis of Schnectady, N. Y.,
BROTHERS HOLD
A HAPPY REUNION
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
37
A3SJTSEHCENTS.
I lVv/L.1 house,
TO-NIGHT — The Last of Comic Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
Monday evenlr.tr. Augrust 31. opening of the
Grand Opera Season
The following artists will be beard during the
season:
Adellna. Tromben. Alfredo Tedeschl,
Llna de Benedetto. Gullo Oortesi.
Tina de Spada. Adamo Gregowtti,
Marie WelslC Qulnto Zanl.
Kmanuele Iscblerdo. Agosto Dado. -
Gluseppa Agostlni. Baldo TravaglinL
Monday, WTedneaday. Friday and Saturday
evenings, Verdi's xnasterpleoe,
"Aida"
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday evenings, Sat-
urday matinee, Donizetti's great work.
•LUCIA Dl
LAMMERMOOR"
Seats on sale seven days In advance.
•; No Licreate in Pricei-25o. 50o, 75o.
¦ I Telephone Bush O.
AT /^ A 7 AD Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAK ass-
¦ •¦' • Gen. Mi?.
IITEA MATIKEE TO-SAT.
¦ TO-HIQHT — Iiait Tim* of -
• % 'The Greatest of Rural Comedies,
THE DAIRY FARM
Tour Begins San Diego. Sept. 7-8.
Evenings, S6c to 75c; Matinees, 15c to 60c
To-morrow Might — All tbe Week,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Mrs. Burton Harrison's Emotional Play '
THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH
First "LA GIACONDA" MATINEB Thursday
' Sept.* 10.
In Preparation — "MAGDA." ' ¦ ¦
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND EXCURSION
TO ANTIOCH.
On the Bteamer St. Helena:, will leave Wash-
ington-street wharf on SUNDAY. August 30.
10 a. rn., taking in all points of Interest; danc-
ing and music. Round trip,' SOc; children. 25c
_. AT VEBTISEM2irT3>. .*'
©«®«ooe8coocoeo«©9«ococe©eee«©wO«oe©o©oec©o
Dry Goods • 3^^^P i Company, |
l~ • ; J o
Ne^v Dress Fabrics I
FOR. FALL AND WINTER. ° / I |
. ¦ . f 9
We have just opened and will place on sale this |
week the following materials: g
FANCY MIXED CHEVJOTS— In all the new d"7 eft S
colors; a.dress pitiern for }lti)U o
PLAIN AND FANCY ZIBELINE— A bright lustre &Q AA |
fabric, and great value; a dress pattern for $"•"" o
NOVELTY SACKINGS and BOUCLE SUITINGS— Show- S
ing many novel combinations; a dress $1A CA g
pattern for ;. .: •
NOVELTY ZIBELINES— We are showing an immense g
variety of these fabrics, representing an entirely e
ftew idea in changeable and flamme effects; fri'i A A S
a dress pattern for !..... v*^*"" S
TAILOR SUITINGS I
A splendid variety of very latest materials g
~ ~ 61.50 to 64.00 a yard g
• ' • — . . ¦ e
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, g
' . Cc&ry trd Stocttcs Streets. Unioa S^aira. 9
oooooooocooeooo©oo3©cccoooe©G0eeooGOGOooo©o
-fflWeek Commenciiig THIS AFTER- I
B" -NOOiV, Angiist 3>. I
I Reliant I
IVaiideville!!
Bi Lh.W ' JANE &*i
liBLOOM.. AND COOPERI
i iSl Prestntinir Th*lr Orielr.al Playlet. "A «
I III PICTURE FROM LIFE.'* B
I I Dlr«c t From' the ' Kmcire. London. L|
i| T. NELSON DOWNS •I
< I Klnr of Colna. ' ' 1
I The Lavine=Cameron.Trioi
B In Tbelr Lanthlnr Absurdity. "MT Bj
B DEMENTED FRIEND." |9
I Marguerite and Hanleyi
Jl S«n»atlon»l Ac obatn. ' wl
U 6E0R6E SCRINDLER |
J H The World's Greatest nannonlca j|j|
•H An Ovation Csteaded to ¦*""'*ipil
1 SAM EDWARDS and CO.l
w In Edw&rd Kidder*a Condensed Com- Ml
II «>y. ."A PASS FOR TWO."
I FLEURY TRIO |
Ip ' Novelty Dancers. fel
j Larkins and Patterson 1
I National Sinters of Coon Songs. at
Laat Week and Unqaalined Hit or ||
! KEOUGH and BALLARD |
Presenting "A VAUDEVILLK STJR- 1G
PRISE." B
Parquet, any seat. 25c ; Balcony. 10c; H
; Children, any part except reserved. II
10c. A few front Orchestra ww>, re- Bti
served, SOc: front rows of Balcony, re- Hi
served, 25c. • ' -J":-i h-J
UNION
COURSING
PARK
ANDREW DEAN. Jnd«e. :ii
J. F. GRACE. BHppe?.
To-Day, Sunday, Aug. 30, 1903
(J4cHAIV1P10IVs"(i4
To Compete for Honors In
All ¦ Age Event
$1000— $1000
...TOTAL PRIZE MONEY...
TRAIN SERVICE — Special trains will leav*
Third and Townsend streets 10:15 a. m. and 1
p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia five minutes
later.. Returning Immediately aftar last coarse.
San Mateo electric cars direct to the Park
esrery four minutes. -
. ;'.'-. ¦¦'¦ - -¦; The Last Week of
I~ "QUO VASS ISS" and I
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS" |
In "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOL.B AND DILL. BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE. HARRT HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER. ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
Reserved Seats— Nirhts. 23c. 60c and 73c:
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. £3c and SOc;
Children at Matinees. 10c and 23c
Seats now on sale for "THE CON-QL'EK-
ERS" aad 'THE GLAD HAND." Commencea
Monday night next.
Special Matinee on Wednesday. September
0 (Admission day).
High-Class Specialties Eiery Afternoon and
Evening Tntbe Theater.
GEORGE AUSTIN: OLSON BROTHERS:
SPAULDINQ: LORAIN AND HOWELL:
"THE JUGGLING MATHIEUS: ED, POCL-
TER: JESSIE DALE. AND NEW MOVING
•
FIVE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
CHINESE BABY GIRL
. ,* ,•; I» TH1 IX7A5T DICUBATOR.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 3c '—
LECTTJBES AND CONC3BTS. .
STEINU/AY HALL.i
223 8UTTER ST. ]
w^^g's® How to Read TBODgW.
iBjBmjiBffijfji y\ With Experiments ,ia
¦ Tlcteisf 23c. 'HOC, 7Se.
Paiarp dontfailto
1 U1UWV gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
51f1fl room, the EMPIRE
UI1U PARLOR, the
n j PALM ROOM, the
llf/inn LOUIS XV PAR.
Ul UHU LQK the j^^
H^^1« DIES ' WRITING
Hotels room.
I New Style Garments |
i I Autumn, 1908 j : - A
I Tailor Suits, Coats and furs I
Q '• },i,ti.fi'.-\ •'. +* - ''. ;. . '.'¦' .. O
S - We shall offer this wcej^ some of the* handsomest and most pleasing b
§ effects ever shown in this Style, Fit; and are the essential £
8 features of every garment. Our assortment is larger than ever, and as R
« USUal . c ".Miv'v ¦.,',';;, . 8
§ Prices Lower Tha(i Anywhere j
q ¦. |S^V\ TATTjOB SUITS — In styles of Louis. §
£ \ yf^fe^ yV^ XIV, Cutaway and new Norfolk, in #
% <SrflMiM» HIGH NOVELTY TAILOR DRESS- %
ES— Perfect copies of imported Ear- 6
t? Hi$^S||ili l lis7w'J'i nients. only so much lower in price, V
I • SS ' I^ew Coats 1
£ HiVIImWmaK ew onte Carlos, New English Top 'p.
P ; H»-M V^IV Coats, New Box Coats in silk and k'
ci K!llfQn^it>V cloth, most reasonably priced, o
? 7?3i?HT JJH2.50, $13.00. $17.50. $20.00, S
O iil(rMi&L and ?25.00. g
0 «JIKm FUR JACKETS, FUR CAPES. j*
yJJ ffl|EKt!mV. rUR STOLES, FUR BOAS, at <?
I Jm BifflL Lowest Market Prices |
1 MISSES' and CHILDREN'S NEW g
« *fljBfe) Uifi3iWSi^ - AUTUMN COATS in K reat variety, g
S pi^^^«8BB I^? r jj»3.5O to S?2O.OO. «
1 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET, Near Jones. |
> AMXTSEMENT3w
GRAND SSOsb
MATINEES NEXT SATURDAY AF5
.,
. , \VEEK BkiaiNNING ; j
TO-INIGHT
'ini .The Famous \il\
POLLARD
LILLIPUTIAN
OPER:A GOnPANY
In Morton and Kerker's New York and
L" I<ondon Musical Comedy Success,
1 Fl Ei
BELLE
OF : "*¦•. ; !1
NEW YORK
A Magnificent and Perfect Production.
Beautiful Scenery. Costumes and Effects.
Splendid Juvenile Chorus.
POPULAR PRICES.
EVENINGS .15c, 25c. JOc. 75c
MATINEES 15c. 25c. 60c
NEXT— A GAIETY GIRL.
SEATS ON SALE TWO WEEKS IN
' « AD VANCE.
(I*lt%l 1 1 BAD! A SM FKAHCISC0*3
vUbUI-1Dl#% LEADlSa THtti?!
6 NIGHTS— 2 MATINEES.
Beginning MONDAY, To-Morrow,
HENRY MILLER
MARGARET ANGLIN
In an Entirely New Version of
CAMILLE
MATINEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
CENTRAL™
BELASCO & MAYER, Proprietors.
Market Street, Near Eighth, Phone South S33.
MATINEB TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST
' Time of
"CAMILLL"
MONDAY— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of Augustln Daly's
Great Spectacular Drama,
"THE GREAT RUBY"
With the Marvelous Airship Scene - and the
Struggle In the Clouds.
nntrrc evenings ....100 to boo
rlilwCJ MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25c
/V^LIFOKmgl
, l| Every Night This Week. ' P»«
KBI1L-H0B0SCO C0UPA5T. " \*
yc Presenting the Great Play, rj r
Vk "Mrs. Dane's Defense." . ij
~Y Blffgest Hit of Ail „_
o is .
,¦¦' MAJ Special— Thurs. & Sat. Mats., ****
1 . . EAST L.YNNE.
T Next— NOTRE DAME. f**
H El ATRUl
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL,Hffiffi
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Auspices. S.'F. Symphony Society.
Concerts Every TUESDAY . at 3:15 p. m.
Until October 6. . " " : . -^
All i Tickets Good • for the , Tuesdays -ot th«
Prices of Seats— 50c, $1 00. $1 25, $1 60.
Seats on sale at Sherman & Clay's.
TWO POPULAR CONCERTS
FTtlTZ 8CHEEL and S. F. SYMPHONY
ORCHESTRA.-
MECHANICS' PAVILION
Labor Day, September 7, 3 p. rn. ; Admission
Day. Sept. 9, 3 p. m. ¦ ' -
POPULAR PRICES. V POPULAR: MUSIC
Seats on Sale at Sherman & City's* Prices—
25c. 50c. 75c _
8 DAYS AT o | Sept. 7 to 14 1
Sail Francisco I lnclus!ve - 1
RINGLING BROS,'
WORLD'S 8BEATEST SHOWS.
To which i» now itidedTHE SUBLIME SPEC-
wlthout - extra admls- TACLE.
JERUSALEM
AND THE
CRUSADES.
COSTLY C OSTUMESy^#
'HORISTERS^^^^
inn Hundreds of TTonder-
....IUU.... f U ijy Trained Horses.
CnnritinMil 61 - In One Act. Three
OenSatlOMai Herds . Performing
Circus Acts.
108 CASE ZOO [ 40 SS^ CLOWNS
The Largest Circus Ever Organiied.
85 f,^' Cars 1 1280 People [650 Horses
f** LB BABY B00 aM'"
f>KBABYBO(
f(&) XBOW* 4AH.S2 190
-AM I ttconly
f \NwRSlN(
3 "n«Parade Monday, S^9k
ONE 50 cent Ticket Admits to Everything.
Children Under 12 Tears Half Price.
Burins Entire Engagement Admlnlon Tickets
and Numbered Reserved Seats on Sale at Sher-
man. Clay & Co.'s Piano Warerooms at ex-
actly the same prices as charged at the re?u-
lar ticket wagons on the show grounds...
H Two Performances
Show Grounds At 2 £ft p> „,-.
llth and r>©or» op«n
Market Sts. ~ - At -
" 1 and T p. n.
LYRIC HALL
Eddy Street, Above Mason.
i CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
EVERYMAN
The XV Century Morality Play.
Erg's— Commencing Neii Wed., Sepi. 2d, at 8:30
Afternoons— Thursday and Saturday at 3.
First .Night Under ' th« Auspices - of
CHANNING AUXILIARY.
Reserved Seats - - $2. $1.50 and $1
. -At Sherman. Clay A ' Co* s. now on sate.
THE WEEKLY CALL
3*1 per Year,
4, '
Next Sunday Call's Art Supplement.
• "LtQ. and Leonora," by Vastagh Gezah, portrays Leo and his
.'.consort in a most interesting group, and its technical qualities are
of a high order. The textures of fur, shaggy mane, the contrasting
flatness .of the wall of the cage which serves as a background, and
.th« bits of broken straw in the foreground are rendered with excep-
tional fidelity to nature. The brush work betokens the han°d of an
. artist who is master of his materials.
Vastagh Gezah is a young Hungarian artist of remarkable tal-
ent, who has not only won an enviable reputation in Budapest and
. in Vienna, but whose works are familiar in other European art ,
• •' . • centers; • ¦ • . .;
. : He devoted himself almost solely to the delineation of wild
animals, and particularly to painting lions. "Leo and Leonora,"
. which is one of the best works from his brush, is owned in Eng-
. land by Thomas J. Barrett. »
ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWS AGENTS SELL
:-V. ! i^. . - THE CALL.
.JFREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL~
Frames for "Leo and Leonora" Supplement.
"Leo and Leonora," framed closely, with four-inch
Dutch Oak Shadow Box. Glass to go over lining (size
I ixi6 inches), will make a handsome picture.
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS
•- T&e Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: ¦
KArnAMEN'TO— Hevener. Mier & etreet; Gage's art etore, 509 East Main SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co.. 71
ra ins J Sreet^C N. Davl». book 'street; Weber's art etore. 425 East P street. •>
.tore £17 K etrett. " * Maln 6treet FKESNO-Sronce & Dick.
PETALrMA^H. 6. Gutermote. J. MARYSVILLE-G. W. Hall, f REDDING-W. H. Bergh. "Bergh
M Wvckoit OAKLAND— E. J. Eaake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston
fiAV JOSE— Georea Denne. M. Len- craph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 3C9 Houston Furniture Company,
ten & So£ Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITY-W. L. Kline.
ETOCKTON-Morrls Bros.' book ALAMEDA-C.. P. Magagnos. 1331 SANTA CRUZ-H. E. Irish, Cookt
itett a North El Dorado street: Park street Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban.
Ctocktcn Backet s-ore 711 East Mala CHICO-Fetters & Williams. . JACKSON-E. G. Freeman Co.BERKELEY. Aug. 29.-The newly or
ganized Berkeley Young Men's Christian
Association has leased American Hall and
the Hat adjoining on Sbattuck avenue for
a year. This will be turned into a gym
nasium and clubrooms and Professor Wal
ter Magee of the University of California
has been asked to purchase the athletic
apparatus. President W. H. Waste has
appointed a .house committee, consisting
of Directors S. D. Waterman," E. L. Ford
and F. R. Rogers.
REDDING, Aug. 29.— A "rnan whose
Identity will probably never be known and
whose fate never be learned ; by his
relatives and friends ' met i a -shocking
death at the gravel pit on the south side
of the Siskiyous, near' Colestlne, some
time last Tuesday by being cut to pieces
by a Southern Pacific train. Nothing was
found to Identify , the deceased unless it
was a card which bore tho name. of John
Morrison, actor and vocalist, address care
New York Clipper. . ' .
Cut to Pieces by a " Train.
BAN DIEGO. Aug. 23.— The meeting of
the Carpenters' Union to-night was de
voted to initiations, and the dispute be
tween the Journeymen and the builders
was not taken up. There is a disposition
on the part of some of the workmen to
quit because there are some non-union
men working, there having been an agree
ment made si the close of the last strike
that when the union men returned to
work the non-union men should be
dropped within nicety days and that none
ihould be employed if union men could
>e secured.
Carpenters Are Disposed to Strike.
Lowell Classes' Field Day.
BERKELEY. Aug. 29.-The first and
third year teams of the Lowell High
School of San Francisco competed In a
field day this afternoon on the Berkeley
campus. The third year class won after
a struggle by a score of 51 to 47 points.
OAKLAND, Aug. 23.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: John F. Tasney,
aged 40 yeanv and Dorinda F. E. Rob
erts, 28, both of Oakland: Walter F.
Frederick, 23. and Phtlnca G. Church, 25,
both of Oakland: Henry Perry, 23, end
Adeline Gorman. 27. both of Oakland;
James M. Watson, 28, Portland, and Edith
Hawley, 23, San Francisco; Charles D. Me.
Laughlin. 34, and Anna M. : Lytzen, 31,
both of Oakland; Robert H. Harding.' 35]
and Cora B. E. Patterson. 26, both of
Oakland. ;*; -; ?.*
Marriage Licenses.
Salaries of Presbyterian Ministers.
The Rev. Dr. W. H. Roberts, stated
clerk of the General Assembly, furnishes
the following estimate of salaries of min
isters, so for as the Presbyterian church
is concerned: One hundred ministers re
ceive a salary of $5000 or more, 300 receive
from $2500 to $5000. and- 700 receive between
$20u0 and $3500. In . other words, -of the
7800 ministers, less than one and one-half
in 100 are paid $5W0, slightly over 5 in 100
receive $3500 or more, and about 14 in 100
receive $2000 or more.»— Church Economist.
COMMANDER BLACK IS
GUEST OF FRATEBNITY
Phi Delta Theta Society . Entertains
Distinguished Visitor at
¦ Dinner.
BERKELEY, Aug. John C.
Black, the newly elected commander of
the Grand Army of the Republic; who
is a guest of hi3 daughter in Berkeley,
was entertained at dinner last evening
by his fraternity brothers of the Phi
Delta Theta Society at its club house,
corner Durant* avenue and Dana street.
General Black was welcomed by A'ssem
blj'man W. H. Waste, who acted as
toastmastcr, and responses were made by
John D. Glsh, ' Russ Avery and others.
Those present were:
Frank Otle, W. II. "Wr.ste. P. T. Tompklns.
Lonls Titus. Russ Avery; Victor Henderson,
Duncan McDuffle, Dr. O. F. Keinhardt, Arthur
Markwart. John' Ebrlght, John D Glsh, John
Held. -Scott Hendricks. Stanley Walton, . Max
well Mlltcn, W. - F. Hale, Bert Campbell,
Harold Brlgham, Curtis Llndley, Charles Mc-
Duffle, Charles Stuart, C.;H. Mowett. Loul*
Hlckey. Harold Holder, Hugh Jewett. Charles
Clark. Robert Varlel Jr., Alvln Powell, Willis
SANTA CRUZ.\Avg. 29. — H. Francis Ander
son, owner of "The Highlands," at Ben-Lo
mond, one of the most elegant country places
in thin county," and Miss Ida May Servant; of
Sargents Station, a wealthy young I lady, ' who
has been spending the summer here, were
united In marriage at . Calvary Episcopal
Church thli afternoon by the Rev. C. O. Til
lotson,,in the: presence of a few intimate
friends.
Tlie dahlia. was introduced into Europe
for the value; of its bulb as a substitute
for the Irish potato, which it resembled
when baked.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 29.
! Schr Jessie Minor. Whitney, 8^ days from
Coos Bay. * .
SAILED.
Saturday. August 29.
. Stmr San Pedro. Jacobs, Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 20— Br stmr
Inx-erntss. from Port Ulakeley. -
' Sailed Auk 29 — Schr Alice Cooke, for San
Francisco. .
ABERDEEN"— Sailed . Aug 20— Strar Santa
Monica, for San Pedro; schr. Espada towed to
Hoqulam.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILL.K— Arrived Aug 20 — Stmr Columbia,
irom New . York, ; for ; Ulusgo w. and proceeded.
¦ LONDON— Sailed Aug 2lf— Stmr Mesaba. for
Mew 'York; " ' • "
Proferscr E. W. Major of the agricultural
department "has accepted an invitation to judge
rattle and butter at the State Fair, which
convenes on Monday at Sacramento, and the
Oregon State Fair, which convenes at Salem
on September 14. He will be assisted at Sac
ramento by Professor W. L. Carl ye of the
Colorado Agricultural Experiment Station, v
BERKELEY. Aug. •JO.— Mlrs Edna Harmon
Wickson. daughter of Professor E. J. Wick
son of the agricultural department, has just
been re-elected erand president of tho Kappa
Alpba Theta Sorority by the national conven
tion of that soolety, now In sesMon at Min
neapolis. This Is an unusual honor and a high
tribute to Mil's Wlcksftn's tine orfraniztition
and executive ability. The term Is two years,
so that the national headquarters of one of
the sio.«t influential college noeietfes In the
United States will have ' been oh the Pacific
Coast for four years altogether. Miss I'earl
Green of Stanford was electtd grand secretary
of the order and Miss Marlau Whlpple of Cali
fornia, deputy district grand president for the,
J"5ioinc Ccast. The California delegates are
Ml!"S Caroline Day and Miss Pearl Judson.
The Philolortcai Club m£*-tlnfr that was set
for JIgnday evening, next 'has been postponed'
to the following Monday evening, September 7.
Professor Edward null Clapp will «peak of his
travels In Germany and Greece, during last
winter.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Rumor has it that there is soon to be
established, through prlvato initiative, a
national. gallery at Washington. Until the
plans are complete criticism would be su
perfluous, but it may be said at once that
Washington is a peculiarly suitable place
for such an Institution. The government
departments have set .a standard of cu
ratorship which the proposed museum
would surely follow. Eleewhere personal
and local considerations largely determine
such appointments. It is certain, too, that
at "Washington, there, is a population
which could and probably would support
such a gallery handsomely; and a minor
advantage, though a real one. Ig the fact
that a national gallery at the capital
would be out of, the shadow of the art so
cieties, and unvexed by artist jealousies.
The value of this "splendid isolation" is
already strikingly illustrated in the ex
hibition societies of Philadelphia and
Pittsburg.— New York Evening Post.
"Splendid Isolation."
It has not been decided definitely
whether or not Admiral Cotton's squad
ron will rendezvous at Beirut as original
ly ordered. The destination of the ves
sels will be determined by the develop
ment of the Turkish (situation.
Minister Lcishman apprehends serious
trouble and indicates his belief that
American interests and American lives
are In peril on account of the fanaticism
Of the Mussulman population.
The Minister's report confirmed infor
mation received by President Roosevelt
and Secretary Hay from unofficial sources.
For this reason it was decided by the
President that Admiral Cotton's squadron
*hould proceed to Turkish waters in ac
cordance .with his original orders, not
withstanding the inaccuracy of the re-
IKJrt of the assault on Consul Maselssen.
In any event that was regarded by this
Government only as an Incident. The
fact that the assault upon the Consul was
not attended by a fatal result simply
modifies the action of the United States
by removing one serious pha.«e of a situa
tion that migrht become Intolerable very
boon.
OYSTER BAY. Aug. 23.— It de\'eloped
to-<Jay that the cablegram from Minister
Irishman at Constantinople, translated
list night to President Rooosevelt, con
tained in addition to a statement of the
Incorrectness of the announced assassina
tion cf Vice Consul llagelssen at Beirut
8n important report on the situation in
the Ottoman empire. .,»:;'-
Minister Lelshman takes a serious view
of the condition of affairs in Turkey
Practically the entire dominion of the
Sultan Is in a state of unrest, and in some
parts the existing turbulence is equivalent
to insurrection.
LEISHMAU IS FEAEFUL.
Minister Says the Conditions in .Tur
key Are Very Turbulent.
The question as to the width of the
channel between fills was laid over until
next Saturday, when City Engineer T. C.
Turner will make further argument for
the city and against such narrowing of
the fairway. J. H. Wallace for the South
ern Pacific Company said ' the railroad
would erect drawbridges across the chan
nel if the fills to 200 feet were permitted.
During the hearing City Attorney J. E.
McElroy, A. D. Shepherd of. the Oakland
Water Front Company, E. C. Sessions, R.
11. Chamberlain, president, and Edwin
Steams, secretary of the Board of Trade,
were present. AH of the official protests
from the city and the Board of Trade
were read.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— The United States
Harbor Line Board, composed of. United
States army engineers. Colonel D. p.
Heath and Lieutenant Colonel Thomas II.
Hundbury, listened to-day to the petition
of the Southern Pacific Company to have
changed the pierhead and bulkhead lines
and to fill the trestles across the north
arm of the estuary at Seventh and First
streets. The result of the hearing was
the refusal of the board^to recommend the
chance in the lines and to announce that
if me permission be granted to make the
nil the work shall be done so as not to
interfere In any v/ay with the channel
fairway for shipping and harbor purposes.
United States Engineers Say Rail
ro£4l's Petition in That Re
spect Is Invalid.
WILL NOT AGEEE TO .
CHANGE HARBOR LINES
Subpenas have been issued for the jail
officials who saw him when he was suf
fering from fits.' 7^.f:; fM*-"i":
He served in the army in the Philip
pines and was discharged on account of
epilepsy and shortly after being taken
into custody he was subject^f several at
tacks. It will be urged that his mind was
disordered and that a . small p.mount of
liquor upset his mental balance.
The attorneys claim, however, that at
hiB examination and in all of hla state
ments in regard to his crime he has sim
ply told the occurrences of that night as
they were told to him by his companion,
Anna Rosa. Of his action he himself
knows nothing, they say, and that while
he has admitted that he committed the
crime he remembers nothing about the
mutder. /
Walkirrz has confessed to having mur
dered the woman by striking her on the
head with a hammer arid afterward bury
ing her body under her house, where it
was found a month later.
Final decision was reached to-day be
tween Victor AValkirez, the negro mur
derer of aged Elizabeth Leroy, and his
attorneys, F. Herald and Thomas Pier
»oh t as to the main line of defense to
be set up in hi3 behalf at his trial, which
will i)egln Monday. The attorneys spent
several hours with their client in the
County Jail and decided that temporary
insanity due to epilepsy will be their de
fense.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Auc. 29-
The district presidents are also vice
presidents of the fraternity. Gamma dis
trict is a new one formed at this conven
tion. Miss Trahsen of Stanford was ap
pointed to take charge of the publication
of a new sons book, for which sugges
tions were made.
MINNEAPOLIS, Augr. 23.— The Kappa
Alpha Theta convention to-day re-elected
most of its officers, amonir thern: Grand
president. Edna Harmon Wlckson. Berke
ley, CaL; president of the Delta district,
Mifs Harrison, Lawrence, Kans.; presi
dent of the Gamma district. Miss Marion
Crins Whipple. San Francisco; grand sec
retary, MIfs Pearl Green, Stanford,- Cali
fornia.
Song Book.
KAPPA ALPHA THZTA
ELECTS NEW OFFICERS
Stanford Girl Is Chosen to Take
Charge of Publication of
Will Plead Insanity
When Placed on Trial
for Murder.
WALKIREZ RUDY
TO FflCE JURY
" TuesJay afternoon, 1 :3O* o'clock, Gf^rge
Robertson, presiding — Psalm lxxlt. Rev. I. B.
Condit; What 'We Are Doing (written reports),
df-lesates; Narrative of Missions. Rev. K. 11.
Clark; greetings from the Foreign Beard: Why
I Believe in the Substitute Company. Mrs. C.
R. nice; Subntltute Company Question Box,
Rev. Franklin Rhoda; prayer for the Substi
tute Movement. led by Rev. A. I. Goodfriend;
Men and Missions. Rev. II. H. Wlntler; Train
ing a New Generation, K. S. Bingham; Chil
dren p.nd Missions; Rev. G. H. Blfrelow; discus
sion and prayer: adjournment 5:3O o'clock.
Tuesday evenlmr. 7:30 o'clock, interdenom
inational C. E. Foreign Missions rally. Presi
dent William M. Dlrd. presiding— Jeremiah I
and Isaiah vl: Why I Volunteered to Go, ten
Ftudent volunteers ; Why I am Going. Miss
Bdnah Bruner; To-day's Macedonian Cry. Rev.
F. S. Brush. D.D. ; prayer for more volunteers,
led by Rev. M. B. Fisher.
Tuefday mornlnff. 0:00 o'clock. J. E. Kel
sey. M. D.. presiding — John, chapter xvil. Hcv,
J A. Fraser; The Money Bugbear. Rev. Isaac
liaird; How Goes the Home Missionary Bat
tle, pastors and elders; prayer for Home Mi.s
sioiw. led by Rev. Robert Eastman; Presby
terial Self Support. Rev. R. C. Stone; general
diwuF.slon and prayer. „ >,
Monday afternoon 3 o'clock — Hebrews chap
ter xi.. Rev. H H. Dobbins, D.D.; Our Needs
ami Possibilities. Rev. J. G. Anderson; Prayer
ror the Conference. W by Rev. J. W. Quay;
The Use of Utrrature. Rev. J ' K. Anderson;
The Kr:rly Church and Illusions. Rev. J. P.,
Gerrlor; discussion and prayer; basket lunch,
toasts, aeslgnment of delegates.
Monday evening. 7:30 o'clock. Dr. Ray E.
Oilmen, presiding — Actn. chapter xx, Rev. J.
S McDonald. D.I>. ; greeting* from the Home
Board; Missions and the Holy Spirit. Rev. H.
W. Gllchrlst; Home Missions. Rev. George G.
)?!dredKt~; prayer for Heine Missions, led by.
Rev. J. B. Stone..
cially active in arranging the important
gathering.
More than a hundred delegates have sig
nified their intention to take part in the
proceedings. Prominent Presbyterian
clergymen, with many of the lay leaders
in the denomination, have been placed on
the programme. j
Beside?, there will be an Interdenomina
tional ra'.ly on Tuesday evening, in which
the Alameda County Christian Endeavor
Union will take part.
The programme for the conference fol
lows :
After Peck reached home Dr. C. Q. \V.
Bull of Alameda ¦ was called to take
charge of the case. This physician cor
roborated the others as to the extent of
the Injuries, declaring that Peck's thick
head of hair was all that saved him from
a badly fractured skull. ; -
Dr. Huntington said Peck's body was n
mass of bruises and that his skull would
have been fractured by the blows on the
head had not an unusually heavy growth
of hair protected the skull. As it was
the wounds were very severe and ugly.
Peck's assailants will be arrested as~ soou
as they can be located. He has excellent
descriptions of them. He was unarmed.
Peck managed to get away after his
assailants tired of the uneven battle. The
injured man, bleeding and stunned, made
his way to Dr. Lanz' residence near by
and that surgeon, witJT Dr. "W. D. Hunt
lngton, dressed the young man's Inju
ries, afterward sending him to his resi
dence, 511 Alameda avenue, Alameda.
Peck was on his way home from work
and had been followed from the tele
phone company's offices by two of his
assailant?. The car was crowded and he
was standing on the platform. As the
car started up the grade at the east end
of the Twelfth-street dam the pair grab
bed him and yanked him oft the steps.
They fell in a heap, two other man join
ing the shadowing pair. Before Peck
could assist himself he was struck on the
head with a metal Instrument. He said
he believed it was a pair of wire cutters.
A second blow dazpd the young man and
kicks and - blows rained on him.
' A. P. Peck, 20 years of age, an eni
ploye of the Sunset Telephone Company,
was attacked by four men this evening
and dragged from an Alameda electric
car at First avenue and East Twelfth
street, his scalp laid open to the bone
from blows with an Instrument and kicked
and beaten on the head and body, his
¦Injuries requiring, the services of two sur-
Ceons.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
* HIS Broadway, Aug. 29..
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— An alleged Insane
man who Tarried a pistol was disarmed
at the police station this morning, and
the report spread abfoad that he was
Howard, .one of the escaped Folsom con
victs. It turned out to be . Robert G.
Stiffey of Pennsylvania, a young tourist
who fame out with the G. A. R. excur
sion and was visiting his uncle. Joseph
D. Kennedy, at 3S7? Silver street. He was
Injured some years ago and it Is believed
that the excitement of traveling and ex
ertion has temporarily derangiW him. He
has peen acting queerly for several days
and as he bad a pistol his. relatives took
him to the police statlon«to have It taken
away from him. He will be examined by
the Insrttiity Commissioners.
Thought He Was .Howard.
Struck Ijy Traia*
OAKLAND. Aug. 23:— Onring tQ .defec
tive vision M. IJ« Fcrnandes, &, barber Ur
ing at 1029 Union street, stood so. close to
the track oi the 'Berkeley local this morn-
ing that a part of the engine. •sftuck him.
breaking his* nhoulder blade and throw
ing him into the ditch. Thft^accidenfpc
eurred at the fe-street station." flis la
jury is not believed to be fatal.
LIVERMORE, Aug. 23.— The residence
of G. W. Langan, thfe attorney, tn this
city, was l?arned last nizht during ftio
absence of the family. The Joss was- to
tal, not an article being saved from, the
residence, which was one of t»« finest In
LJvermtrre Valley. ThefUoss Is. JlO.OOtf, wlf.i
$4000 Insurance. ;¦;•* . . '":'• •'..
livermore Eesldence Buroed.
Brutal Attack. Is Made
by a Quartette of
Thugs.
ASSAULT YOUNG
TELEPHONE MAN
OAKLAND. Aug. 29.-The* funeral of
the late Mrs. Mary S. Smith, one 'of tiia
founders of the firm of Sailth, & Sons, was
held thl3 morninar from the* .Church cf
the Immaculate Conception. * A .solemn
requiem higti mass yras celebrated t>y the
Rev. Dr. aforrlson, assisted bjr the Rev;
Father Serdji. deacon: the Rev. Father
Eagan. subdeacon. and the ReV. Father
Cantilion, master At c^rempnies. Xhe pall
bearers were J. J. MtDonald. .Frank JI.
Barlow, W. B. White,. Eugene Drusse4l,
E. W. Hogap «jnd Richard Orme.
j Mx s . J/Lary S. v Smith's ' Funeral.
BERKELEY, Aug. 23.— Town Assessor
Isaea AV. Wells submitted his report on
the assessed valuation of the town to-day
to the Board' of Trustees. It. shows the
total valuation to be $12,148,150- as
$10,841,328 for last year, an Increase* of
$1,672,524. The assessment on personal
property secured by real estate Is $3Cp,tii4
as against 1245.000 for last year.
Assessor Wells' Assessment Figures
Indicate How the Town Is
. Growing 1 .
BERKELEY ->PB0PEBTY "
INCREASES IN VALUE*
Mrs. ?h«-1by Martin and children are in
Cloverdale.
Mrs. Oscar F. Long is still in Santa Bar
bara at the Hotel Potter, where Miss Gertrude
Allen is also staying as Mrs. Long's guert.
H. C Taft refuiwd yesterday after a tu-o
months' ttay in Europe and the East.
The Mystics -will give th°ir opening ball at
Maple Hall. Wednesday evening, September 10.
Henry Butters is in town and Mrs. Butters
end the rest of the family will return to
Alta \'lrt\ in a few days from' "Con«tant!a."
their country home, where thry have been *n-
Joyins the summer.
The Will Hushes are delightfully located in
tfcf-lr Xrwn home on Halght street, the hous«
having been completely furnished <by the bride's
mother.
Mrs. L. J. PltUln. r!ght worthy grand ntcre
tRry fit the General Grand Chapter. O. E. S .
lias bren much •'htertalned Oaring h<*r stay in
Oiikland. Supervisor *r.d Mrn. II. D. Itowe
Mr. and Mrs. J. I\"?.:errltt and Mrs. W. Frank
Pierce all gave very pleasant affairs in her
honor, and on Thursday evening Mrs. Pltkln
tendered an informal reception by Oak
I^af Chapter Xo. R. O. E. P. The honon-1
gueFt was Introduced by llrs. Mary E.
Partridge, pcijt most worthy srand matron of
the General Grand Charter. A graceful npeech
of welcome wm made by Mrs. Mattie Dalton
on behalf of the entertaining lodge, and then
a pleading musical programme was given by
Mrs. Carroll-Nicholson. Mirs Julia Johnson,
Walter Nicholson, John \V. Gwilt ar.d Mrs.
Blanche Young.
Secretary W. A. Kline has returned from an
Eastern trip and was accorded a fileanant wel
come home reception Thursday evening. The
informal programme Included a talk by the
mirst of honor. In which he outlined the work
*reomplish£d while in the East. His, principal
rfb.iect was to secure rlans and Ideas for the
rfrw T. M. C. A. building, which will soon be
erected here. .
The ' •Living AVrlters" section of Ebell will
b«rln Ti-ork nexf. Wednesday meming at 10:.'M>
Mr*. F. B. Ogdc-n is "curator. Kate Douglas
\Vis,T?ns" bock, "Penelope's Experiences In
England," will be discussed and Mrs. J. a.
Lemmon will add interest to the occasion with
personal reminiscences of the author.
• % •
OAKLAND. Ajjff. 20.— The Oakland Club
will begin ?all activities on Wednesday, Sep
tember 2. After the business meeting at 2
p. *m. tfce afternoon will be devoted to a short
programme of music and short Informal talks
on the South. Mrs. Paul Xeeaham will be tho
principal speaker, her subject being "The
Typical Florida Cracker." The musical num
bers will be arranged by Mr*. \V. D. Smith.
The officers fcr the new year are:
President. Jlre. George Woodbury Bunnell;
vice president. JJ!«s Mary s. Keene; record
ing secretary. Mrs. \V. EL Peters; corresponding
secretary. Miss Harriet L.. Nye; treasurer,
Mrs. C." S. Chamberlain; financial secretary,
Ml*« I» E. Harvey: assistant secretary, Mrs.
Mary Tracy M«tt. The board of directors arej
Mrs. Georce IVoodbury Bunnell. Mrs. C. S.
("lianib»-r!aln. Mrs. Henri Grandjean, "Mrs
Frances H. Gray. Miss Isabel E. Harvey. Miss
M*ry S. K*tn». Aim. Oj<eac Luning, Miss Har
riet L. Ny*. Mrs. \V. B. Peters and Mrs. W.
F. Rudolph.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Owing to the lateness of the hour and
no charge having been placed against
Bachelder, nothing can be done toward
giving bonds for his release until Mon
day. * •
When interviewed he said thai his ar
rest had taken him by surprise. Both his
wife and father visited him In the Jail.
The father said the deputy sheriff told
him that the/' had been* looking, up his
son's record and found that he hqtd been
married three times and decided to ar
rest him on suspicion. Just how the au
thorities connect the fires with tils many
marriages the father did not know.
, Last Sunday night a grass fire was
started close to the Bachelder home 'and
nearly destroyed it; fifteen minutes later
the barn of Mrs. Sllva, v&ho lives a* couple
of blocks away, bur3t Into flames, and
almost at the same time the barn of A.
Maloon, another neighbor, was seen to be
on fire. Both barns were a total loss. The
Bachelders saved their -home by fighting
the grass fire before It reached their
barn. •
Besides these fires there have been num
bers of others and the insurance compa
nies have offered a reward of $600 for the
arrest and conviction of the culprit, j
As the result of investigations made in
the vicinity of Elmhurst relative to the
many, incendiary fires there of late, Wal
ter Bachelder, a married man about 33
years of ago, was arrested this evening
by' Deputy Sheriff Riley and lodged In the
County Jail here. Bachelder maintains
that he knows of no reason why the ar
rest should have been made and the
authorities refuse to give out what In the
way of proof they have against him.
Young Bachelder lives with his wife
and parents on a small fruit ranch, locat
ed on what is known as Moss avenue,
about a mile from Elmhurst. The elder
Bachelder is an attorney, who, up to'six
months ago, had an office £t 330 Pine
street, San Francisco.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1115 Broadway, Aug. 29.
"I was so much impre#?ed with St.
A?:byn that I guaranteed his hospital ex
penses end was ready to pay for a proper
fnnoral provided ran of his friends ap
peared."
The cause of death was a bowel trouble.
The Pacific Coast branch°of the Actors'
Fund of New York, represented by Mel
ville Marks of the Alcazar Theater, has
taken charge of the funeral, which will
be hKd to-morrow afternoon at" 1:31
o'clock frora I^-itch & Henderson's par
lcrs, Eighth street and Broadway..'
St. Aubyn was a native of England,- the
son of a prominent grain merchant of
London. His wife is <lead. There are no
living relatives except a sister, from
whom the actor had long been estranged.
Before his death he rvtused to reveal her
identity, declaring he did not want her to
know he was gone. '
Dr. Boyes raid: •
"All the c*re h»> received during the nrpt
days of his sickness was from one of the
attendants at th* hotel. At last his con
dition became so serious that he was
forced to send for a doctor, and Dr.
Boyes was rolled. The doctor saw at once
that he co&d not b#» properly cared for
Et the hotel and ordered his removal to
the hospital. On inis arrival there the doc
tor made a thorough examination and
realized that the case was hopeless. .
"He immediately notified Miss Blnghara,
and two days afterward I wrote to her."
"'St. Aubyn told m*;-," sai<i Dr. Stirling-,
"that Miss Bingham o-s-ed him two days*
ray and his contract called for transpor
tation to New York from any point at
which he should leave the company. This
money was not forwarded to him, nor has
it yet been received. Si. Aubyn was left
in Oakland by thi* Bingham people.
The reply is as follows: *" <&
SEATTLE. Aug. 20. 1903.— Dr. M»rion Stir
ling. Superintendent St. Margaret* Hospital:
Your letter received here to-day: many thanks
for the Mine. I think Pt. Auoyn"s trunk ira*
sent to the Fabiola Hort>ltal or perhaps ta the
Hotel Crellln, or possibly to the thoaisr. We
er« extremely sorry that we can do nothing for
him. Tou should find out If he has any *-ela
tlves anfi where he would like to send vrorS.
Aflvise me at Helena at once, please. Sincerely.
GEORGE A. SPINK.
Manager Amelia Blnghao.
St. Aubyn was found at 11<»£ Broadway
by Dr. E. J. Boyes on August 11. So se
riously ill was the patient that the physi
cian had him removed at once to tjie san
itarium. The Bingham company had left
the city before St. Aubyn realised how 111
he was. and the actor w,as penniless when
the doctor took charge of .him. Boyes sem.
6everal\telegrams to the company, but no
answers were received. Dr. Stirling
wrote a stiff letter. i
Dr. E. J. Boyes, who found St. Aubyn
critically ill in a Broadway lodging-house,
is Indignant over what he declares wJHSi^l
most Inhuman neglect, and Dr. Marlon
Stirling, superintendent of the sanitarium,
produces a letter from the Amelia Bls$
hara people which the physician sa^s Is
proof of a lack, of interest which she'ean
rot understand. The letter is in respond
to one Dr. Stirling sent notifylng^the
Blr.gham company of St. Aubyn's condi
tion—he was then seriously 111— and urg
ing that something be done.
Carl SL Aubyn. formerly xn&nager^of
Amelia Blngham's company, who died last
night at St. Margaret's Sanitarium, was
left stranded sick and penniless . ,'n this
city, according to the earnest statements
made to-day by two Oakland physicians
¦who cared for the well-known actor until
Ms death- . fj
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Aug. 29,
The board has appointed Miss Caroline
Pulcifer to succeed Miss Jane S.- Turner
of the Bay School, resigned, and Miss
Eva Feltdh has been appointed to a reg
ular teacher"s position.
"Mr. McClymonds is personally antag
onistic to me, and 3 for that reason al
lowed the pchool to run down. I shall
not return to the school at the termina
tion of my leave of absence."
Superintendent McClymopd3 said to-day
tnat lie considered the Peralta principal
laid been Indiscreet In some of his com
ments on the work of the department.
The superintendent explained as follows:
"There is nothing to be said except that
Mr. Megahan charged that repairs were
not made at his school because there was
unfriendly feeling against him."
' Fdr his side of the disturbance, Mega
han said: 6 • . ' *
Jf egahan originally made application for
C sixty days" leave, but afterjistening
last night to evidence concerning charges
that he had made criticisms of Superin
tend&bt McClymonds and the' board, It
Vas decided to extend the time to Jan
uary l.
Friction between Superintendent of
Schools J. TV. McClymonds and A. Mega
ban, principal of the Peralta School, has
led to the granting of the principal's ap
plication of abp.»nco until the close of the
term, January L The Board of Educa
tion has heartf evidence in the matter,
and has decided that the retirement tem
porarily, a< least, of Principal Megahan
will relieve the situation.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 29.
Oakland Ofllce San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway,' Aug. 23.
J. G. Young, a private detective em
ployed by Mrs. Mary C, Rr^lnson to In
vestigate the disappearance of diamonds,
which she charges were stolen by C. E.
Arnold and Mrs. Arnold, told the r«*ory in
the Polico Court this afternoon of con
versations he had heard among tfie A~r
nolds while listening at a keyhole In the
door of their room in the Robinson lodg
ing-house, at H03'/i Broadway, the 2ay be
fore Mrs. Robinson caused the Arnolds to
be arrested. V *-« ¦
The detective pave .a record of frag
mentary bits of talk between Arnold and
his wife which sifted through th5\small
aperture, but confessed th&.t he «Tid not
hear all of the dialogue, and with that
Attorney Chapman. • for the Arnolds,
seemed to be satisfied.
The conversations as. repeated by Young
followed In the same tenor as
Robinson testified about «ev$rai days ago
and bore,- as she believed, upon the disap
pearance of her gems.* •: ' „*„<•.
"We are ruined any war"; "SSe 13 on to
us"; "That roan Gilbert (Young'* alias) is
here for no good"; "Can't you fix 'It with
her?" were .some of .the sentences that
drifted through the keyhole. .-.' '. ,s v
Arnold 'and his wife say they; wfll have
a very different story to tell, 'so *»r a3
these conversations so. when their time
comes. • ' '.
After Detective, Young Came Mrs. Kat!
etfne Morrlsj, a xnillfner, urho' pccupfr.d
room 21 af te» the Arnolds left it. She told
about finding a watch? and chal^ hidden
In. the chimney opening -Into tho fireplace
in the room* while she was cleaning quc
the grate jon.'the morning of August JO.
Mr*. Morris said she saw the chalir dang
ling and pulled it "down, discovering tho
watch. The finder notified . Mrs. tVbii>
son, who summoned Attorney * de Golia
and Detective* Hall arid Shore?. '
Mrs. Robinson said the watcit belonged
to her and had been missing some time .
The examination will be resumed Sep
tember 1. * . ',-•; ; • •" '-' V- ¦ ". '.
from twenty-flve churches in Oak
land Presbytery •will be held on Monday
and Tuesday, at the Union street Pres
byterian Church, the pastor of -which, the
Rev. Dwight E. Potter, has been espe-
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— In the inter
ests- of the home and foreign
missionary work of the ' denom
ination, a conference of delegates
Claim Former Manager Was
Left Stranded and Sick
in Oakland. .
Protests His Innocence and
Authorities Refuse' to
Divulge Proof.
Finder of a Missing Watch
Gives Evidence in tho
Arnold Case.,
Disturbance in School • Is
Settled by the Beard of
Education.
Delegates From Twenty-Five Presbyterian Churches Will Meet in Important
Session Which Will Be Followed by an Interdenominational Rally in
Which Local Christian 'Endeavor Union Will Take a Prominent Part
Principal MegahanTakes
a Long Leave of
Absence.
Private Detective Young
Is on the Witness
Stand.
Doctors Complain About
Associates of Dead
Actor.
Walter Bachelder Jailed
for Many Fires at
Elmhurst.
SAY ST.AUBYN
WAS NEGLECTED
POLICE ARREST
MAN FOR ARSON
QUARRELS WITH
SUPERINTENDENT
TELLS OF SOME
KEYHOLE PEEPS
HOME AND FOREIGN MISSIONS WILL
BE DISCUSSED AT OAKLAND MEETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 30, 1903.
CHURCH WHERE MISSIONS CON
FERENCE TAKES PLACE AND
MINISTER WHO WILL ATTEND.
38
Me-ows of a Kitty*
'Tp HAT line above caught and chained your attention to thi^ artidle.
I didn't it? Why? Not merely because it was startlmp: or fatctious,
¦*• unusual or bizarre, but because — because it was about a CAT-
That might seem an utterly absurd reason, now that it is through* home
to ycfo so boldly, but it isn't. It is the most natural reason in the world
because — well — because everybody is interested in cats,»particularly those
who hate them most. Why? That is one of the mysteries of the ages
that has never been 'explained. Like the riddle oj th* sphinx, it bids fair
to be an eternal mystery, because like the sphinx a cat— any old cat —
will attract and hold your interest as nothing else* can, a even in spite of
j'ourself. V-.*
Through all the ages, in various countries, cats have been ven-
erated as a diety. Deep in fts nature is the spirit of the unfathomable.
Take notice for yourself, no matter how fond you may be of your own
household tabby, there are times when it creeps itgo your prese«ce with
an air of the uncanny in every sly, snake-like movement. • Again brush
its shiny coat in the dark and every hair will enjit/an electric spark. In
all the vast literary lore that clusters about it, it stands with equal adapt-
ibility for truth and falsehood. Purring lazily in the chirlmev cofner it
is the very embodiment of eternal calm and irreproachable dignity.
And yet how quick a fiendish metamorphosis may be wrought. No mat-
ter how tame, it can never be quite trusted. Like h~ilf truths, it is con-
tinually engaged in disarming suspicion, as for instance:
"All the world loves a lover except the girl he is chasing."
"Love controls the matrimonial markef, but mttey often cor-
ners it.'-' .."..
"A man who boasts of his morality needs watching."
"Love -is often a poor paying hot-air investment."
"Memory is Aoth the hope and despair of life."
However, that is quite enough to illustrate the point in question,
namely the. mystery and attractiveness of cats. If you want to hear
more — and of course you do— any time, all the time — you will see the
big picture of the particular feline about which the above is written and
read the strange article that goes therewith in the next Sundav Call.
Even more fascinating, are the two pages of "Half-Hour Storiettes."
"In the Mystic Wake of the Red Canoe" is one that you will read with
distinct pleasure, nor will you be able to overlook "The Wild Flight of
Cupid and the Comet." Odd titles, eh? Yes. But they're both quaint,
exciting stories. And there are others, you may be sure. "Tatters."
"Elsie's Gray Hat." "A Modern Pandora." "Finding of Her," "Victim?
of a Recoil." "Fables for the Foolish," "Aphorisms From the Silver
Poppy." "Fads and Phrases." "The Oracle of Mulberry Center." etc.
These are not only unusual titles, but each is at the t6p of a clevf.r,
thrilling, new and novel story. You'll read every one of them, and rao.c,
because there is much more to read. Take note further.
There is a full-page story by Josephine Dodge Daskam. who. as every-
body knows, won vast fame for her stories about children— not merely
namby-pamby child stories, but real flesh and blood children. Just
watch for "Ardelia in Arcadia" if you don't know the sort that Miss-
Daskam writes about. You'll laugh until your sides ache.
Then there is "Old John Cbrgon Graham's Alphabet." This is tlie
most original creation ever penned. Will you laugh? Yes. And' do
some serious thinking besides long before you get down to X, Y. Z.
And then there is the third installment of "Brewster's Millions."
which tells what that sorely perplexed but dead game young man did to
make up for lost time after his long, serious iilness to spend— actually
spend— not dissipate— his uncle's million in one short year to inherit six
more. He rushed off to the Mediterranean, well just get The Sunday
Call and read for yourself. It is an installment that makes a complete
story in itself. You don't have to know what went before to be fasci-
nated, enthralled.
Then there is a Sea Monster, that gobbled forty-five tons at one
gobble. It s right here in California waters, too. Can't possibly guess
what it ts. Easiest way is to buy a paper and find out from the pictures
It 5 a wonder.
Then there is the second page of "The Wonderful Kingdom of Won-
. rfu i ,T hinsr ? and— but it would take as much space as the whole Sun-
day Call itself to tell you about everything.Court Seal Rock. No. v>. Foresters of
America, will hold its quarterly enter
tainment and dance on TJiuriday even
ing next in Pythian Castle. This court
Is making arrangements for a grand ball
to be ftlven in Native Bon's Hall oa No
vember 2L
Seal Bock to Entertain.
Cash quotations were as follows: ' :-
Flour, rteady; No. 2 spring wheat. 8Rc- Nou
3 S4c: No 2 red. «0%©8nHc; No. 2 corn
M%0M%c; No. 2 yellow B4^fc: No 2 oats'
T4c:. No. 3 white. 35%@37i4c; No. 2 rye. 52*4
{!.*)4c: good feed I njr barley, 4"if?4Sc; fair to
«-holc» malting. 51tg56e: No. 1 flaxseed 07c;
No.. 1 Northwestern. $1 01 V, : prime . timothy
deed. $3 20; mers pork, per barrel $12 S0<3
12 55; lard, per 1C0 pounds. %% 45^8 60: short
ribs »ide« (loose), *7 45®7 60; .; dry : «alt»il
ehouldcrs (boied), C1i@7c; short •¦ clear sides
Quite a quantity ¦ of new Beans are ex
pected this week' and the market is unset
tled and ' tending ; downward In consequence.
Large Whiten arc quoted still lower.
New Blackeye are quoted at ?2 50 and new
Large -.White at . $2 fiO per ctl.
KKANS— Hayes. $J; Pea. $1 2d : Butters.
H JJ; small -White.- *3 75RS. 05; large Whit*
$2 50®2 «3: Pink. $2 75©2 00; Red, $2 00®;':
Unn. ?.'< KRftfX 41): Red Klilneys... c nominal;
Blackeye. t- 60@2 65 per ctl; Horso Beans
$1 4U@1 CO. -^^te®! Sl 58»®^^«^gSS^*%^fea
SEEDS— Brown MusUrd., nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70@l SO; Canary.
na&i-tc for Eastern; ~Alfalfa. . nominal: - Kape,
l^ig.'ZMc: -. Timothy. "65K^c; Hemp, 3^4@UV-jc
per lb; Millet. G©aj4c; Broom Corn Se»d. $20»
23 per ton. . . - . .
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 6032 per ctL
Beans and Seeds.
Elizabeth Magulre petitioned yesterday
to be appointed administratrix of the es
tate of the late Anne Kelly. She states
that she and Kate Brickson of New Or
leans are the only known relatives of the
deceased. The estate Is worth more than
JIO.OCO.
Anns Kelly's Estate la Court*
Conditions remain about the same everywhere.
Bolton.de Ruyter & Co.'s wires from Chicago
eaid<: "Market . comparatively •- strong. Ad
vance in pork and ribs wan Influenced almost
entirely by the sharp : advance . ln September
lard. " The advance In this commodity Is said
to be 'the, result of covering by forelCT shorts.
At the advanco there was box*** selllnB by
brokers, supposed to- be 'acting, for .'the. Swift*,
causing a good portion of tha advance lo be
lo«t -Kstimated hogre for next week. 130.0C0."
¦¦CORK1 1 MKA'IS- Bacon. 12"^r per Id for
heavy, 13r- fcr lieht medium, 15c for light.
15V4c (or extra Uxht, 17^0 for surar-cured and
lSHc for extra sugar-cured; Eastern »Ufar
cured Hams. l&*»c; California -Hams. l»Hc:
Mess Beef. 511 5O«lt per bbl; extra Me-i. $12
©12 5O: Family. -SIS 50: prime Jlers Fork. $13;
extra clear. J25;. Menu. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12 y.c: Pig "Pork. $28; Pigs* Feet. |5 2j;
Emokeu Beef, ,' 13e ¦.cerjb.-.
: i.AKD — Tierces ' Quoted ' at '\c per tb for
comnound and 10@10Hc for pure; half barrels,
pure, s lO*>i@lO%c: 10-lb tins, 10\©llc; S-lb
ilne,«ll%c; 3-lb.tlr.s, llKc
COTTOLENE— One; half barrel.. 9Hc; three
half bariels, 0"^c; one tierce. Oftc; two tierces,
a!.i.c: five tierce*. 9"jic per lb.
Provisions. •
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2 —
Sept.. new .... Rl« JJI14 fiftT^ Sl
Dec. tew P21, «2«4 81 *i s"
I* &i% "* «»
September 151 RUf, KO"Vt fiOH
December Rl fiHi r.0*i KotE
Mayv 51H 81% C0 % 81
Oats No. 2 — ¦
September 3.*> * 3Tii{ ."{47;
December .10% M% .*M ZW,
May 3S S8' /S 37T4 37«4
Mess Pork, per barrel— 7 vf
September 12 .V> 12 12 47>4 12 60
October .......12 72% 12 75 12 70' l-> 70
May ...........13 10 13 1214 13 05 13 03
Lard per 100 pounds — *
September R 40 R C2»4 fi 40 R r«0
October 7 fi2>4 7 77>i 7 Ki£ 7 70
January .700 7 C5 7 00 7 02U
Short Ribs, per ICO pounds —
September . 7 £5 7 ¦ (5R 7 60 7 eo
October ........ 7 7f) 7 77*,J 7 70 7 7314
January ....... 6 C5 6 «5 • 0 «!2>4 6 (ail,
A batch of indicted crimlna!s pleaded
guilty yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court as follows: Tim Summerly.
John Phelan, S. A. Peterson, John Wilson
and Tilly Jorgeson. Indicted for smas*
gllng 1W> pound* of white lead from the
British ship Uumfrieshlre on June 23 of
this year: Theodora W. Johnson and EmH
Danielson, indicted for assaulting Frank
H. Drlscoll. an internal revenue officer,
on May li. The defendants were ordered
to appear for sentence on Monday.
Federal Prisoners Plead.
Feedstuffs are weak and more freely offered
though prices show no actual decline. There
is nothing new In Hay. Receipts continue
large,' as will be seen.
HKAN— 5V*«<-S per ton.,
MIDDLING!? — $271f."IO per ton.
6HOUTF— $24© 23 per ton.
i*EEDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley, $24^2.*. per
(Ri;: Oilcake M»al at the mill; J2(l(Jf26 50; lob
bing, -.- ?27g27 50; " Cocoanut Cake, $21©". > 2-
Corn Meal, $J3 6OS134 fiO; Cracked Corn. M4W
35; Mixed Feed. J23®24; Horse Beans. $23330
HAT— Wheat. ?I1®14 HO, with Bales of extn
choice at $15; Wheat and Oat. ?11@13 50; Oat.
J1O013; Wild Oat, $!> WJ11 50: Barley. $9©ll'-
Clover. $3 60011; Stock, $S®8; Alfalfa. $8Q
10 60 per ton. '"'<?'"*"' 'fr'ftj>MJt
STRAW— 10©C5c per bale. ,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Andrew Metxlnjer was booked at th«
City Prison yesterday by Detectlreo Be
gan and CConnell on charges of bur
glary and yrand larceny. He la accused
of entering the room oJ Nora McXamara,
1046 Folsom street, on August 14 and steal
ins a fur coat, some clothing and other
article*, which wer« found ln kin room.
The grand larceny charge Is for stealing A
bicycle belonging to O. E. Tuttle from la
front of 1114 Learenworth street on Aug
ust 15.
Booked for Two Felonies.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $1 C0@
4 83, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $1 BOj/4 Go-
Oreeon and Waahincton. $3 UC^l 20 per^ bbl
Ior family and $3 »0@4 40 for Bakers.
MlLLcSTUFFS— Prices in packatBS are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Klour, $3 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. »7;
Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do. $1 25: Oal
(iroats, $1 50; Hominy, $1 25@4 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 DO0S:4 75; Cracked Wheat, y; 75; Fu
rlna, ?4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75; Rolled
Oats.- bbls, CO; In sacks, $8 60®3 10;
Pearl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Greun
Pecs, $5 BO per 100 lbs. f. ; ) t
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— The wheat market was
dull and uninteresting and. although "th* open
ing was steady on the cables and early prices
showed a small advance, local sflllnsr quickly
brouKht about a reaction and a loss that wes
not recovered. September opened a bhad?
lower to a shade higher at 81c to 81">£c and
foM up to 81*ric, with December following to
82%c. after opening at 82c to 82Hc. There
were reports of heavy receipts for Monday and
this, together with more favorable weather in
dications in the wheat belt, induced the selling
which carried the near months down to 80TAC
and December to 81 %. Toward the end of the
session the pressure lessened and the close was
steady at a loss of %c for Eepterrber at Sic
and of V4«JVic for December at 81%@s2c.
The corn market was a little firmer Sep
tember cloyed unchanged at 50*i{p50~Lc- De
cember a shade htcher at 5OT6c.
Oats ruled steady but featureless. The close
wan steady at He loss for Sentember at 34'Ae
and December unchanged at 36Mi<ft3G*£c
September lard led the tsro\'ision ' list 1 and
imparted some strength to the market. Trade
was Fmall throughout. SeotembPr pork and
rib" closed unchanged and lard lS^nijc
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Peachrs and Apricots contlr.u* to move off
well at firm prices. Peaches • are especially
arm, as they are scarce in the 12ast this year.
Fears are scares and * the output will not ba
large. Prunes are very flrmly held and grow
irj are disposed this year to get elbser to
piV^er values than they have for several years
back. Honey rules firm.. '
NEW KKLIl— Apncot*. 7V4©D*4c for Royals
and Ojjllc tar Moorparks; iCvaporated Apples.
5C«c: Peaches. oVi@"c; Pear3. -C©8c; Nec
tarines. 4fc4*^c lor white; Figs, .white. 4 %U
4*ic tn boxes; Plums, pitted, 4>4O5Ho per Ib.
¦PRUNES— 10u2 crop. 2%<B!2»Jic for the four
slzes>, with M^tlc premium lor the larpe sixn.
RAISINS — 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50- lb boxes. 5',ic per
lb; S-cro-wn, i^e: 4-crown, Cc: Seedless, loess
Muscatels,- 6c; Seedlees Suits nas. 5c; H-rdlcss
Thompsons. r>"^e; 2-crown London Layers, 2J
lb boxes, $14t) per box: 3-crown. $1 30: 4
crown fancy clusteis, 20-lb boxes. $2: 2-crown
I)eho!>as. 20-lb boxes, $2 50; U-cra.vn Imperials,
20-lb boxe». $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons, 7>ic: choice. ~%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 sottshell. 1215C13C:
No. 2. lO^tpllVic: No. 1 hardshell, HVd^li'c;
No. 2. lOj?lo'.!:c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils. lOHe fcr I X L. 10>4c for Ne Plus Ul
tra, and *>%ie for l.answ.doc: Peanuts. 097a
far Eastern; Pecans. 11© 13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
IIONET— Comb, new. 12*4SH3H<*. for whlts
and lie for *mbw: r.«w water white extracted.
CgO^c; light/amber extracted, 6@54c; dark,
<Va &¦•*•%<¦.
BEESWAX- 27®29c per lb.
Dried Fru its,Nuts t Raisi)is,Honey.
SATURDAY. Aug. 20—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask.
I ia qr coup... — — I Is qr c <nev) — —
4s qr reg.:. — , — tSs qr coup.;-. — 107 ,
MISCEIrtlANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5b. — — Do 3s .... — H3it
Bay CPC 5s. — — . Do con 5s. — —
Cal C G 5s.. — — O W C s 5s. — —
Cal G tz E g Oceanic S 5s — —
ft ct 09 — — Om C R 6s. — 125
Cal-st 5s — — Pac O Im is - —
C C Wat 5s. — — P E Ry 5s. — —
Ed L&P 6?. — - T 4 C H 8i. - —
F & C II Cs. — — |P Si O R 6s. — —
Geary-st 3b.. — — iHowell-rt 8s. — —
H C & S3',4s. — — RE G*R ts — l««Vi
H C & S 5s. 97U10O BF & SJV5S.110 13«'
Hon R T 6g. — 107 B R of C 6s. — —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 S P of A Cs
I- A Ry 5s. — — (lflOO) 107?* —
L ft L C (!«. - — <1910) 108*4 —
Do Ftd Cs. — — S P cr C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (1005)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — (10O5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-St C 6s. 120 124 (If**?) 107 —
Do lem 5s. 117% — (1912) — —
NRR Of COs.lOCMiUtf 8 P C lcr 5s — —
NRC of C5s. — ~~H9 Do stmpd.lOS —
NPC R R 6s — — P P B R 6s. —
NCR 5s... — — 8 V Wat 6s. — —
N C P C 5s.*— — Do 4s 2dm. 99H —
N S R Bs... — — Do 4« 3dm. 00% —
0 G L H Cb. — — Stkn O&E 6s OS 103 'i
OTCoCs...— — V Q Jfc E Bs. — —
- WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa — 60 lPort Costa.. —
Marin Co.... — — ISprinjr Val.. 84>i —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— Btf Sac E GAR. — —
Equit Gas... — — s r a t e. 0914 ee%
Mutual E L. 13* 13% S F Gas.... — * _"
Pao O Imp. Km SI Stkn G & E. — —
Pae Lightnu. SB — U G A E.... — —
" TRTJ3TEES 1 CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. C5>4 66ii
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Blt.120 123 LP&A...— —
Anglo-Cal .. — — MerTrun..— 250
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex .. — _
Cal Safe Dp. — — U F NatlonL — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — — |Rav A L So. — _
Hum 8 & L. — — ;»«c Sav Bk. — —
Mutual Sav. — — Lnlon T Co. — —
B F Sav U. — — , i
STREET RAILROADS."
California .. — — [Presidio S3 43
Geary — ¦ — '
POWDER.
Giant 63% CT IVIgorit — 514
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kllauea S C." — —
Hawaiian C. 44 — Makawell C. 22% 24 1$
HonoUaa S C WVi 14 Onomea S C SO S3
Hutch 3 P C 13** 14K Paauhau B C 16Vi 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PacJcUSUWyj [Oceanic S Co — —
Tal Fruit Aa. M ¦ 91 ' Pac A F A.. — —
Cal AVine As 07 tt 0S^ IPac C Boax.lSC —
Morning Session. >
20 Alaska Packers* Association. W> 00
2uo Honokaa S Co. 13 25
50 Mutual Electric Light 13 75
125 Paauhau 8 P Co 1*23
1}B V Water ¦ : S4 3O
16ft H F Gas & Klactrlc Co — ........ J . 67 >m
50 8 F G A B, trustees' certificate! 1 ., id 75
50 S F U & E, trustees* certincate*.: «G Oo
4 , — —
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil 'Stock— ' Bid. f) Asked.
Carib>u Oil Co T3 SO
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Pope was emplr -ed as a clerk by the
Danby Company, broker*. 70S Mar?;et
street, and he la accused of having forged
the names of customers to orders on th,e
company for money, which he cashed and
appropriated to his own use. The total
amount obtained in this way, tn small
sums, will aggregate 1150. The warrant
for Pope's arrest was sworn to before Po
lice Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon
by J. E. Morris, a member of the Una. c
Pope disappeared on August 17 and was
traced to Mill Valley, Ross Valley and
finally to Los Angeles, and Chief Elton
was advised to keep a lookout for him.
He is an Englishman and was noted for
dressing in the height of fashion. He had
been In the employ of the company for
about sis months.
Chief Wlttman was notified yesterttay
by Chief Elton of Los Angeles that Wal
ter George Pope, who Is wanted here' for
forgery, was under arrest there, and De
tective Whitaker, who has been working
on the case, was instructed to bring Pope
back. ',-(*;
Walter- George Pope, Under Arrest
in Ian Angeles, "Will^ Be
Brought Here.
beokeh's clerk accused
of commuting f0bgeby
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market I?
quiet. Sonic new fruit la arriving and the tono
Is easy, though prices show no material change.
Common. tttSc; prime. 5Vi@5%c; choice, 6Vic;
fancy. G%ttV~iC.
PRUNES — Spot prunes ln moderate jobbing
demand and rule steady to firm at prices rang
ing from 3Hc to 7c for all grades.
APKICOTS — Firm; new crop, choice, 9^«®
0%c; extra choice. 9%@10%c; fancy, 11^^
11%C «i
PEACHES— SteadJ? 73"^c for choice and
7',£@8c for fancy.
DRIED FRUITS.
oo^H W T0RK . Au «T- 29.— FLOUR— Receipt!.
28,755. Dull at old prices: winter patents
S3 40; winter straights, S3 6&S3 00: Minnesota
bakers', S3 75@4; winter low grades, (2 70®
WHEAT— Receipts, 10,5^ exports. 10 823
spot, dull; No. 2 red. S5»$c 5*vator; No ''red'
87>4c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern buluth'
Kjifec new f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Sard Manitoba.
83%c new f. o. b. afloat. Options after an
easier opening rallied with outside markets"
but soon weakened again under liquidation Im
pelled by lower cables. The market closed dull
and easy at %c net decline; May, 8S 7-10®
88*4c, cloned SS%c; September. 86%®S7^c.
cloft-d S6Tic: December. 87@87%c, closed 87>ic
HOPS — Firm: State, common to choice ii)<a>
25%c: olds. S£12c; Pacific Coast, 1802 crop
19ifi25>4c; 1901 crop, 14@17c; old, 8@12c
HIDES— Steady; California, 21 to 25 lbs 10c
WOOL — Quiet; domestic fleece. 28®32c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 Kr^oiee,
f> ¦.;<?: mild, quiet. Futures closed m2 i un
changed to five points lower. Sales, 3000 bales,
including: September, 3.75c; May, 4.70c.
ffJGAR— Raw. firm; fair refining. 3%c;
ccasftfugal. 90 test. 3%c; molasses sugar. 3%c*
refined, firm; No. 6. 4.60c; No. 7. 4.55c: No $'
4.50c: No. 0. 4.45c; No. 10, 4.40c; No. 11, 4.30c-
No. 12, 4.30c; No. 13, 4. 2r»c; No. 14, 4.20c; con
fectioners' A, 4.S5c; mold A, 5.25c; cut loaf,
5.C0c; crushed, O.COc: powdered, 5.10c; granu
lated. Be; cubes, '.£."><?. f--\
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 11 Jl H 41 lOVa $1 10J.J
OATS — The current Government orders keep
the market Jirm. but aside from this there is
no feature to note.
White. $1 ZWffl 30; Black, $1 3CC1 45; Red.
Jl lt@l "'^Vj ior common and ?l 30 ior
cholce; Gray, nominal.
COnN — Arrival of 2100 ctls from the West
yesterday. The market is unsettled and quo
tations tor Western show some change. Cali
fornia descriptions remain about the same
Western, backed, *1 47144$! 5^^ tor Veilcw
and White and $1 47 Vi fcr mlx<5d; California
large Yellow. SI. oo@l 57'^; small round do,
Jl 70<31 75; White. *1 55 per ctl.
KYK— $1 20@l ZP.-j per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—?* 25?/2 50 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11::JO a. m
Feed. $1 10@l 12^4; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 16«jl ao; Cnevalltr, JF1 'JMtfl b\> ior lair 10
choice^ '
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
, Open. High. Low. Clone
December ...$l 4*V4 $1 4S-,i 5147% $143
BARLEY— Closed the week quiet and steady,
with unchanged. Futures were
somewhat lower.
CASH BARLEY.
WHEAT — Paris futures were lower, i Chi
cago showed little chantf*. Better weather in
the West and -Northwest encouraged bear sen
timent. Indianapolis wired that Kentucky
and southern Indiana millers were bidding ln
that territory equal to 80@87c at Chicago. Min
neapolis reported a good cash demand and a
largo line of Flour was worked at St. Louts
for Germany and Holland.
There was nothing new ln this market ex
cept that a ship was offered for Octobev at
10s. This rate is ruinous to anything else than
a subsidized ship.
Deliveries at Port Costa are remarkably
small and this'ls attracting the attention of
the trade. On Friday the deliveries there were
only t*>. \ cars. The surplus for export from
this Swfe this year promises to be very
slender.
, f '; ;'. CASH WHEAT.
California Club. 1 45@1 50; California
White Au»trallar«. $1 55©1 00; Northern Club.'
$1 4501 60; Northern Blue Stem. SI 55Q1 57 Vi"
Oregon Valley. ?1 02%.
FUTURES.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The feature of the market was the sharp
advance In Onomea Sugar from $25 bid to #30
bid. The advance was caused by an Increase
ln the dividend from 20c to 40c. One of 40e
was announced ln the Board, payable on the
5th. Paauhau Sugar was also stroKzer. ad
vancing to J1C 25. and Honokaa rose to $13 23.
Gas and Electric was higher at $67. Alaska
Packers was weaker at $143. Business was
quiet, as usual on Saturday. The oil stock*
were also quiet, with Home lower tt 51 10
81 13.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 63.531 shares, valued at $23,045, the
leading sales being as follows: Home, 8780
shares; Junction, 1CC0; Lion. "CCO: Monarch.
2000; Occidental. 2550; Oil City. 4C00; Monte
Crlsto. 140O: Reed, 27C8: Superior, 25C0; Inde
r>endence, 25,505.
The Caledonia Mining Company has levied
an assefsment of 15c.
Pacific Coast norax was ex-dlvldend yester
day of $1. or $19.C00.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83*4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, "cables — '4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — . 07^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10:
Silver, per ounce — . 56*
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
Exchange and Bullion.
Bank Clearings.
Loeal Bank Ceartnrs during tb» week Jua*.
«a6«d w«r* t^C,3C0.+O4, agalast f2<J,770.t>57
C'Jrixs thai correepoadlag -week of IOCS.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
Frora the Crop BuUetla. TJnlted States De
paztmest of Agrlcsltare, WashlsgrtoiJ. D. C,
¦week eaded Acr-irt 17.
Tte reaeral outlook for apples Is act promls
tsg. especially in rho central valleys where
iroyplng Is ejrtcnclveJy reported. More Tavora
t'.e reparxs are received froai poruons of the
r-ACiie. Atlastlo Elates, Iowa and southera
Kansas.
New E&glaod — Yield of winter apples will
be irnall. Quality excellest, especially Bald-'
¦ i-
New Tcrk — Apple* rary frora light to heavy,
but geaeraUy light; grapes light.
Pesissylvanla — Apples fair; nearly all other
fru'ts asd j&elosa scarce and of. inferlec
C'uality. 3
M&ryland and Delaware — Apple* plentiful.
Vlrgicia — Avtrage crop of apples indicated.
North Carolina — Apples and i-cach.es rotting.
norlda — Rain much needed in porticcs ot
citrus and pineapple belts. ¦_ •* ¦¦¦"¦
Arkassaa — Fruit prospects unchanged.
""enjiessee — Apples dropping badly la some
localities.
Kestucltj' — Apples average fair.
Missouri — Apples promise about one-third
crop, a
liltoo^ — Ax^les continue drorplns. outlook
ui;» voro-fcle, . v: • .
Indiana — Apples promise light crop.
AV«t Virginia — Grapes quite promising;
ether fruit- practically a failure, except apples.
Ohio — Arj'i«s affected by drougth: grapea
r;p«iins; peaches vory light; pears fair; large
¦ crop t.f plums, but some decay.
Michigan — Apples fairly promising.
P ¦Wisconsin — Apples light crop, Quality good;
atkbiirics teavy crop.
towm — Early apples abusda&t.
Nebraska — Apple crop light.
:-..•:..-_.-. — Apples premising ln south, poor in
Oklahoma Territory — Fair yidd of fruit and
m'l^ris. "",.-¦ 4 c !¦.¦¦-¦"_••¦•
("clcrado — Fruits dolrg welL
Vtsh — Fruit avera£e crop.
Of^KOa — Prunes have nearly ceiJsed dropping;
lianiett pears unusually heavy; epplea latr to
E-^od. •
a oWashington Crop Bulletin.
o
« The report of G. Sf. Salisbury. Section Dlrec-
G -tor, United States Weather Bureau lor the
I Wayhlr^ton Crop Bulletin, week ended August
is as .'oliovfs:
"Tb^ week vas a warm one, excepting the
'last two (Jars, wilcfc were of moderate temper
elure. It •was also dry. ¦with the exception of
light fhcw-erj; 1- scattered localities on the
ild. It xris, for the moft part. Meal han-est
vxatber, acd was utiMied by the farmers to
the utmost. Wlcter wheat cutting 1^. finished,
*r.-n«-ai!y, acd thrashing Is well under way.
Spring «>tt cutting is progressing ttnely; ln
cWBM localities lt Is half done, ln others not
inore than one-fourth is cut- Although the hot
wi:;dE sar have burnt late wheat a trifle in
general, it was too far advanced to be Injured.
Tbe yield, as far as may b« Judged from wtiat
tr.rashtsg has been done, has proven better
than was expected, lt is front two-thlrda tc
three-fourths of an average crop, and of supe
rior quality. In the •wnstern part of Douglas
Cousty, where the wheat is better than ln the
e-aetera part, there will be a good average
-crop. Cutting began a. week axo. gpolcane
' County was earlier than the other countSes
this year, and showa better results. la Walla
Walla County the harvest is about one-half
ccir^leted.
The weattcr fcr tie past month has been
flae for corn, which has done uusually well.
Potatoes asd garden vegetables have done
eplenfilfily, although of , late It has become
rather too dry for them. ! The lack of rain is
begissing to tell on pastures, which are be
ccraing dry and snort. Some plowing has al
ready been core, although the ground is too
dry far It. Raia at peesest time, although it
would be beneficial to fruit, late vegetable*
end pastures, would Interfere with harvesting
aad cause e-rlous damage.
Peaches are a very gocd crop this season
tn the Irrigated districts, asd pears are a
heavy crop. Helena have done unusually well.
Otct the State In general apples will not be
m. heavy crop, but pear and plum trees are
heavily leaded. Prunes are beginning to
Weather Report.
O20t!i Meridian— Paeiflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 29. S p. m.
" a K K 2 2 3
3 Si S5 £Z t
I So H3 £• Z
ETATlONa J !j » f" 5
[ ! l\ \ !
Baker S0.O2 74 64 NW Cloudy JOO
Carson 23.92 80 46 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.12 68 6tt NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 23.90 82 M NW Clear • .00
Flagstaff 2!>.78 80 52 BE Cloudy .00
Independence.. .2M.S4 83 M BE Clear .00
Loa Angelea... 28.94 76 «O SW Clear .00
lit. Tamalp'a. 30.02 75 65 W Clear .00
North Heed... 30.18 «3 64 W Pt Cldy .ltJ
Thoenix 23.74 102 76 N Clear .10
Pocatcllo 2J»68 (8 68 W Clear .00
Portland 30.10 74 68 XW Pt Cldy .12
Pclnt Reyes.. .23.83 M 63 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.92 t*H ««i BE Clear .00
KcFeburs: 3<JX« 7« 64 N Clear .00
tacrameato -.23.92 64 54 S Clear .00
Fait Lake 29. hS ' SS «4 NW Clear .00
Kan Francisco.:;0.04 lit &4 W Clear .00
fi L Ob!spo..S0.0'J 7« M V.' Clear .00
San Diego UO.9* 70 €2 NW Clear .00
c-, tl lP 30.14 CQ f-4 W Clear .00
S ry , kan , 30.02 74 58 SW Pt Cldy Tr.
Tvloo^i 29 60 ' r '8 M 8 Pt Cldy .2S
Walla Walla.. 20.02 bO 66 SW Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucca. • 44 .... ....... .00
Yuroa »"¦ 7C sw clear - w
WEATII1"« CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tlie pn^sure hss risen rapidly over the
n,irth<r:i ht'.f of the Taciflc Elcpc. The tcm-'
peratwv has fallen from C to 12 degrees over
'•'e*ron and Wcshictrtoa. In California there
i «s b*p-. but little change except In the north
ern portion of the Sacramento Valley, where
there V»* b*en a fall of about 6 degrees.
Throughout the great valley the weather Is
very cool fcr the teaeon. _¦--.¦-¦- Jr.
Kain las fslitn frcm Portland north and
Ci Korcca^t rt nT > a'<?e at £in Francisco for 30 hours
er.ilng midnight August SO:
Northern California— Fair Sunday . cooler ln
Um tatcner; UK alecs the ccast; light north
V> sLuih«rT> California— Fair Sunday cloudy ln
the racrnlng: light »outhwe*t winds.
Nevada— Fair; cooler Sunday.
San Kranclecw and vicinity— Fair Sunday,
vllh log at night; brisk westerly winds.
A. Q. McAOIE. District Forecaster.
Fruit and Crop Bulletin.
Fcr Ihe twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m..
:2Clh cierldian time, San Francisco. August 23-
CS |£ J- 55 '
fTAT:oNS. S s S 3 I i 7 I" 3 '*
¦ 5 1 ? ' * * •
'^.«.rdiu .... Cl 41^ .. Clear «... »•
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 29
Flour, qr sks . . 22..S0* Hay. tons .... 1 07fl
Wheat, ctls ... 3S2 Wool, bales .... 134
Barley, ctls ... 2.222 Feed, sk* 49
Oats ctls 2.1R3 Beans sks 2TO
Corn, ctls 670 Tallow, ctls ... 227
Potatoes sks.... 6.3W. Hides. Xo I.2SW
Onions, sks 2«7jPelt!i. Xo 3.O.V.
Bran, sks 8> Leather, rolls... 151
Middlings, sks. .. V 0 Wine, gals 20,550
OREGON. -
Wool bales ... 7
EASTER*'.
Corn, ctls 2.100
JCEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 1.S00 64 «2-i 63U
Atchison pfd 3.500 00% S9»g 904
Baltimore & Ohio. 1.700 &i>A 82% 83
Bait & Ohio pfd ' fctSU
Canadian cPad fie... 1.60O 127*i 126% 127%
Cent of .New Jersey 15'j
Cfces & Ohio 1,000 34% 33% 34%
Chicago & Alton.. 100 22 22 22
Chi & Alton pfd «J3U
Chicago & Ot West 10%
Chi & Gt Weft pfd *v
Chicago & N V,'... 200 1(>£% 165% 1W '
Chi Term. Sc Trans H
Chi T & T ptd :>Hi
C C C & St Louis 71%
Co»o Southern .... 100 14% 14% 14'
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 62^* SlI's, 52%
Colo South 2d pfd /•->,...'. ..„ 22?»
D?!a & Huuscn \J itj4
Del Lack & West 237
Den & Rio Grande 24%
Den & Rio Gr pfd 78
Ert« . .«~, 8,200 30U 2»% 30%
Erie 1st pfd 700 67% 67Vi 07N
Erie 2d pfd COO 52% 52% 52ft
Great Northern pM 1C5
Hocking Valley
Hocking Val pfd...
Illinois Central C00 133% 133 133
Iowa Central 21
Iowa Central pfd .... 38%
K C Southern ««Lt
K C Southern pfd. 100 33',4 39% 39%
Louis ic Nashville. 500 IO314 105W 105U
Manhattan L feOO 135^4 135 135<ii
Metropolitan St Ry 109 114 « m 114'
Minn & St Louis 53
Missouri Pacific ... 2,400 94»i 94 94»4
Mis Kans & Texas. 100 20Vi 2QM 20>£
MK&Tpfd 100 42*4 «S 42
N R R of M pfd .... ;... 41
New York Central. 300 122 121*, 121"4
Norfolk & Wes: '.. CCO 63U 63 63 U
Nor & West prdT. * .... S7
Ontario & West... 400 23% 23H 23 T 4
Pennsylvania .»4.. 1.400 124£ 123^ 124^4
P C C & St Louis C2
Reading 10.C0O CC'i 66'i S5«
Reading 1st pfd ..„ .... 7 8 2
P.eadlnjf 2d pfd eg
Rock Island 600 28Vi 27 23
Rock Island pfd t;5
Bt L & S F Jst pfd '..;;. CO
StL&BF2dpfd SOV-
St Louis & S W.. 100 15% 15U 15«U
St L S W pfd ¦* 34**
Ft Paul 100 142% 14C* H2
fit Paul pfd „.. 172
Southern Paciflo ... 1,700 43% 45U 45U
Southern Railway. ..^ 500 22&i °^u •>•>:£(
Eouth Railway pfd 84Vi
Tfixas & Pacific 200 26% 26 "«5.
Tol St L A West «o
T St L & W pfd ". "7
Union Paciflo 1,300 75% 74% 73%
Vnlcn Pacific pfd ..." 84U
Wabash •> j y
Wabaih pfd 200 30 36* 33 : <1
Wheel & Lake Erlw 100 17 17 17
¦Wisconsin Central .. lSli
Wisconsin Cent pfd 49
- Express Companies^ —
Adams .... .... #4># 222
American jgn
United States 103
Wells Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 15,000 50U 4914 50%
Amer Car & Foun. 800 33H 32% 32 »4
Ainer Car & V pfd v k» "
Amer Llneeed Oil " nU
Amer L!n Oil pfd 39
Amer Loco 200 10% 1914 1914
Amer Loco pfd . . . 1.000 85 85 f-i^i,
Amer Smelt & Ref. 44^
Amer S & Ref pfd. j)o^
Amer Sugar Ref .. 100 118 lift 116H
Anacondk. Min Co.. IO0 87 85 S<}'
Brooklyn Rap Tran SCO 45?i 4',% 45U
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 64 63 63 U
Colum *: Hock Coal 100 15>4 15'4 14%
Consolidated Gas... 4C0 178 178 17S
General Electric , 163
Inter Paper l?,V t
Inter Paper pfd CS*i
Inter Pump 35
Inter Pump pfd .... 70
National Lead 15H
North American 77%
Paeiflfi Mall .... .... 21
Peoplo's Gas" 100 05 05 94%
Pre*s<d Steel Car 42
Presrcd Steel C pfd Rl
Pullman Pal Car 218
Republic Kteel 100 11«4 ll«4 .11%
P.er-ubllc Steel pfd. 900 66 65H 65»i
nubbcr Goods 100 19 17% 13
Rubber Goods pfd 73}J
Tenn Coal & Iron. 100 43 43 41
V S Leather 7%
U S Leather pfd. 81
U S Rubber 100 13V4 13% 13
U 8 Rubber pfd... 100 42 42 41%
U s Steel 2.600 2.T 22"* 22*4
U S Steel pfd 2.C00 71 70fi 70%
Western Union 83%
Total shares sold.125,400
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— Bond transactions
of the United Railroads of San Francisco were
$124,000 at $79.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg.106% L & N unified 4s. D8%
Do coupon 10e^ Mex Central 4s... 73
Do Ss, reg 1WV> £>o 1st Inc...:. 17
Do coupon 1W4 Minn &. Bt L 4s.. 97%
I>o new 4s. reg.l33%|M. K & T 4s »aij
Do coupon 1"4 I Do 2ds 7SVi
Do o:d 4?. reg.iw, |N Y C gen 3%e. OH<K
Do coupon lODVtjN J C gen 5s. ...127%
Do 5s. res K'lij Nor Pac 4s 100%
Do coupon 101K Do 3s 7034
Atch c«?n 4s *-»3% N'cr Sz V/ con 4s. 97
Do adj 4s 90 Reading gen 43.. U4%L
Bal & Ohio 4s Xili H L & I M con 5s.IH
Do 3%s 91% St L & S V4*.. 02
Do conv 4s .... ft<» St Louis S\V lets. 1)3
Can 60 Ids. 107 Do 2ds ;.. 721/,
Central of Ga 5s.i0t% 8 A & A Pass 4s. 77 "
Do 1st Inc 74 1S0 Pac 4s 88
Ches & Ohio 4H».IP2»4|So Ry 3s ...... .113%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73% Tex & Pac lsts..iuy;
C 11 & Q " iw 4s - '^ To1 ' S L & W 4s. 71
QM & S P gn 4s.lO3 Union Pac 4s CD%
(' & NW ccn "i*'."' u : Do conv 4s 04%
C n I & Pac 4s. 100 Wahash lsta ....1141-i
OCC &¦ S Lgn4s 05% Do 'J&s 1O5
Chi Term <s 73 | Do deb B . C0«4
Colo & So 4s.... 84 /West Shore 4s. . .10!)
Den & R G-4s.. OS%JW Sc L Erie <•.. 00
1 -^^niiifciwwrirfWf 1'lrllMs'fc JTnwCni' ' ' ' • inTiwifrw
The fruit market was amply supplied and
although trading was active both for local and
shipping account there was no great improve
ment ln prices. The Puget Sound steamer took
out. several thousand packages, consisting
chiefly of table Grapes, fine Peaches and Pears
ln wrappers and crated Plums. The canners
purchased freely of Plums, Prunes and cling
stone Peaches, and occasional lots of Plums
and Prunes sold at $30 per ton. A feT/«cat
terlng lots of Pears in bulk were received and
sold for canning account at $25035 per ton.
Stocks of common Apples, Pears. Peaches and
Plums were in heavy supply and prices stood
as previously qucted. Figs and Nectarines
were In limited supply and steady. Quinces
and Pomegranates were offering freely at easy
rate?, but found few buyers owing to the
greenness of the stock. Table Grapes were In
free Supply and weak, except for choice ship
ping stock In crates.- The demand for this
Trult is still limited, as lt Is still more or less
green and sour. Wine Grapes moved slowly at
previous prices. Good Melons,- particularly
Watermelons, were active at steady rates,
while carrled-over offerings of Cantaloupes and
Nutmeg Melons, which were abundant, dragged
at unsettled prices. Choice lots of Berries sold
off well and Raspberries were very firm. A
large portion of the receipts of Blackberries
ami Malinda Strawberries were of poor quality
and' dragged at low rates. The top quotation
for Blackberries was obtained only for fancy
offerings from Santa Cruz. \
Citrus and Tropical fruits were dull and
featureless, with all kinds in ample supply.
STRAWBERRIES— $2©4 for Mallndas and
$1@« for other large varieties; Long worths.
RASPBERRIES — $Sffl0 per chest, with some
fancy at J114/12.
BLACKBERRIES— $3®4 50 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — C@8c per Ib.
APPLKS — fc5c©$l per box for fancy, 60®75c
for "-ood to choice and 25SJ40c for common;
Crabapples, 25®35c for small boxes and 403
00c for large.
PEARS— Bartletts, S5cS$l 25 for fancy and
50@75c for No. 2; winter varieties, 40@«5c per
b °QUINCES— 50®65c per box.
FIGS— 75c6*l per box for black and 40@75c
f °PLUMS^and* PRUNES— 35350c per crate and
"MKtOc per box; largs onsn boxes, 40©75c. ac
cording to size; per ton. $20©25.
NECTARINES— S53»0c per crate. . V -
PEACHES — Small boxes. 40@tJ5c for ordinary
and C5@76c for choice mountain fruit; carriers.
40<yCjc; large ooen boxes. fc"0fp75c; per ton,
J2U023 for clingstone.
POMEGRANATES— 65®75c per box.' W
GRAPES — Seedless. 50®t!oc per box; other
varieties. 25(8 5Oc for small boxes. 5C*3S5c for
crates and e5c$j$l 25 for large open boxes;
Zinfandel Wine Grapes. $240^5 per ton.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, aaajj^l p er crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 15@40c per. box; Watermelons,
iStfiO per hundred.
ClTIiUS KKU1TS— Oranires. $2 5003 for
fancy Valencia*. ?1 75®2 23 for. choice and
»ltfl 25 for standard; Seedling*, ?1®1 no; Le m .
ona 70c<a$2 60 ;>er box, with aome fancy
higher; Grape Fruit. $1 l'G92; Mexican Llme a ,
S4Q4 50; Bananas, $1 75©2j50 per bunch; Pine
apples. $2S3 :*r dozen. ¦/
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
HanTord — Crops in good condition.
Oo'.uta — Prunes in good condition, ripening
larr<? slze«.
Holllster — Almcnda ripening, medium crop;
flue quality.
Riverside — Grapes promise good crop, quality
excellent.
Livermcre — Wine grapes will be ripe about
September 20.
Palermo— Deciduous fruit about all har
vested.
Cloverdale — Sweetwater grapea almost gone.
Napa— Prunes drying nicely, good weather.
Santa X'aria — Barley, oats, sugar beets about
average; beans and°Wheat somewhat less.
A. G. McADIB, Section Director.
The deposits Increased $6,341,000, and as the
amount called for by the sum of the aug
me nt<^,Ioans , an<f of the Ba!n ln cash wa«
only $29,800 greater than the Increase ln de
posits, there was a remarkably good balance
The reserve requirements were augmented
Jl. 585.475 through the increase in deposits de
ducting from this sum the Increase in 'cash
leaves $380,375 as the decrease ln surplus re
serve to $20,677,625. Computed upon the basis
of deposits less those of $37,281,800 of public
funds, the surplus is $23,008,375.. The loan*
of the banks are now S2.9S7.C00 In excess of
deposits, sealnst S4.162.800 ln the previous
week, and $5,010,300 in the week ending August
15. Comparison cf changes in loans Indicate
that four cf the larger banks increased this
Item by $5,200,000 net or about equal to the
Increase shown by all the banks. Three of
these institutions gained $2,500,000 net ln cash
The Financier this week says: The striking
feature of the official statement tt the New
York Associated Banks last week was the in
crease of $3,lti0,60O in loans following a gain
of $3,539,300 in the previous week, carrying
this total within $27,097,300 of the highest of
the year and on record the maximum being
*J)50,2O8,7O0 February 21 of the current year.
The Increase last week was probably due to
loans to merchants through direct discounts
and also to some special operations. The loans
to etock commission houses must, lt would
seem, have been small, for th« volume of
transactions on the Stock Exchange was ex
tremely limited and. indeed, the general busi
ness at this center was comparatively light
The cash reserve Increased $1,105 000 last week*
which was $1,253,200 less than that which was
estimated from the traceable movements of
money.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— The statement of
averages of the clearing house banks ol this
city for the week shows:
Loans, $92."?, 11 1,600; Increase, $5,166,C00.
Deposits, $920,123,900; Increase, $6,341,900.
Circulation. $943,831,100; decrease, $49,600.
Legal tender. $75,711,000: Increase, $386,4C0.
Specie. $174,997,000; increase, $818,700. Re
serve, $250,708,900: increase, $1,205,100. Re
serve requt»#a, $230,708,000; Increase. $1,685,
475. Surplus, $20,577,020; decrease, $380,375.
Ex-United States Deposits, $29,908,373; de
crease, ?377,675.
Associated Banks' Statement.
. .Everything under this head remained . un
changed yesterday. Butter was steady for the
fine grades and weak for the medium and Lower
grades, with three steamers due with supplies
to-day. Cheese was weak at the decline al
ready noted, with more than enough on band.
I"KRs> ruled steady, with stocks moderate*but
sufficient.
Receipts were 16,000 lbs Butter, 787 cases
Eggs and 5900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 27@28c for extras and
25@2Cc for seconds; dairy, 21@23c; store But
ter. 17@20c: Eastern. 22«224c.
CHEESE — New, 12®12%c; Youngr America,
13@14c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western, 14@15c
per lb.
lyEGGS — Ranch. 31032c for large white select,
ed and 28@S0c for good to choice; store. 22% 13
27c; cold atorage. 25c; Eastern, istj'23a per
dozen. . ¦-•- :t •-,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
COAL OIL~-Tfiit#r Wh«t» Coal Oil in bulk
14c; Pe«rl Oil In e»«f». MUe: Atir*\ 20Uc'-
Star, 20%c; Extra Star. 24^c; Elaine! 26Uc:
Eocene. 23He; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 17c: In cases. 23%c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: In cases. lfl%e: SK-dtgree Gasoline, in
bulk 21c: In ca*es. 27U C . r
TURPENTINE— 78c per gallon In cases and
7*»c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 62
6i,4c per lb; White Lead. C#C.%c. acccrdlng to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes a» follows, per lb. In 10O-lb haw
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.75c"
Powdered. B.«t)c: Candy Granulated K.fiOe- Drv
Oranulnted. fine. S.BOc: Dry Ornnulatert. coar«e
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. «.50c: Boet Granulat
er <100-lb bags only). 3.40c: Confectioners' \
5.50c; Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C. Be; CoH»n
C, 4.90c : "D." 4.«Or: har—!». lr*. j.^
barrels. 25c mere; boxes, CCc more: 5O-lb'baV«
10c mure for all kind*. Teblet* — Half-barrelw'
6c; boxes. tf.2!ta per lb. No orders taken (of
lets than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
BAGS' — Grain Bags. &&5Kc: &»n CMenUn.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32©35c; Fleece Twine. 7 HO
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 0%c, <i%c and 7 Vic tor
the three grades; Brown Jute, 6%07%c
COAL — Wellington $8 ter ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. $8 30: B«a.
ver Hill. $5 CO: Stanford. $7: Roslyn. $7; Ccos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond, $7 CO; Cumberland. $13 !n bulk and
<14 25 in eackt: Welsh Anthracite Kgg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel. IS 50 per ton:
Coke, $11 5U<?13 per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton, according ty brand.
OIL— Linseed. 44c for boiled 'and 42e for raw
in barrels: cases, 6c more; Castor OH. In cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10^1 12: Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 38c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 80s; cases. 9*c-
China Nut. 37U«K'2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels.^TSc; rases. 80c: Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 5C@33c per gaj
lon; Fish Oil. in barrel.*. 43c: cases. 50o; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 63c fcr Ceylon and 35c
for Australian.
General Merchandise.
Colusa 84 55 .. Clear .... ..
Eureka 60 6tf .. Foggy NW 6
Fresno 66 6S .. Clear NW 8
Hanford 93 55 .. Clear .... - ..
HolliEttr 80 M . . Foggy W
Independence- . SS 58 .. Clear SE 10
Ktag City 86 53 .,., Clear N Lt.
Livtnaore .... 83 M .Ty, Clear
Loe Angeles ... 78 60 .. Clear 6W 8
Napa 82 56 .. Clear S
Newman JKJ 60 .. Clear ;
Palermo 83 60 .. Clear
Porterrine 87 65 .. Clear NW
Red Bluac 88 60 .. Clear S Lt.
Riverside 8<J 53 .. Clear
Sacramento ... 8t 84 .. Clear S Lt.
San Diego 70 60 .. Clear NW 10
San Francisco. . 64 54 . . Clear 12
San Jc*« 77 57 .. Clear .... •'..
6. L. Obtspo ..70 54 .. Clear W Lt.
Santa Maria . . 75 50 . . Clear W " Lt.
Santa Roaa ... 84, 62 .. Clear .... ..
Poultry closed the week steady with tha mar.
ket well cleaned up. Receipts yesterday were
very light and what carried-oved stock was
offering met with rtiady sale. Fine heavy
Hens continued to sell in preference to young
etock, which was generally small. Two coops
of young Turkeys camesln and sold at 20c per
lb. The birds were of good size and would
have brought more on any day other than Sat
urday. A car of Western is scheduled for to
morrow's market.
and Rabbits in good condition found
ready sale at the previously qucted rates, while
Doves, which were in free supply, sold lower.
• POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
P«r pair, $1 25@1 50; Goslings, 31 6001 75;
Ducks, $3@r4 per dozen for old and $3@4 50
for young: Hens. $435 60: young Roosters,
$5^6 50; old Roosters. $4 50®6; Fryers, $3 50<ij
4; Broilers, $2 50@3 50 for large and $2@C 50
for small: Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 BOiTil 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits'. »1 25®1 75 per dozen;
Hare, $1@1 25; Wild Doves, 60c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The following quotations are for pood, sound
Livestock, delivered In San FrancUco, lets 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. S©9c; Cows and Heifers.
7©Sc: thin Cows. 4©5o per lb.
CALVES — »85%e per lb <gross weljrht).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4e; Ewes, 3%©d%c per Ib
(gross weight).
LAMBS— 12 7533 per bead.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6c; under
140 lbs, SHfaS^c; Sows. 20 per cent oft: Boars.
50 per cant off. and Stags. 40 per cent oil from
above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers te dealers
are as follow!-:
BEEF — 687c for Steers and 0$6o per lb
fOT COWS.
VEAL— Large. 738c; small. *810c per lb
MUTTON— Wether*. S©«%c: Ewes. 8c per lb
LAMB— 80110c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hoes, 8%»0%e pe, ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
All quotations remain as before, as the de
mand and supply about balance. Hogs are re
ported In very large supply throughout . th»
West, at might be expected after the boom
prices of the 'past several years.
DRESSED MEATS.
cat Market.
LTVERPOOL.
Wheat— Beot. Oct. - Dec.
Opening 6 6 % ¦ 8 6% 6 6%
Cloelng « 6% 6 65, 6 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — Au*. Nov. -Feb.
Opening ................... 21 65 21 10
Closing 21 35 21 00
Flour — .
Opening 20 60 2S 10
Closing 29 00 28 05
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29. — CATTLE — Receipts,
2000: Western, steady: good to prime steers,
$5 30(36; poor to medium, $4@3: stockers and
feeders. $2 5Q@l 30; cows, $1 6004 40; heifers,
$1 60®4 40; canners, $1 C0®2 60; bulls, $2@
4 25; calves, ?3 CO® 6 75; Texas fed steers, $3<3
4 65: Western steers, $3 2&Q4 GO.
HOGS^ — Receipts to-day. • 8000; Monday,
30,000; steady to shada higher; mixed and
butchers, S5 20®6; good to choice heavy, $5 46
@5 75; rough heavy. $4 85^5 40; light, $5 60
@0 10: bulk of sales. $5 35@5 70.
SHEEP — Receipts, 20CO: sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers. $3@3 75; fair
to choice mixed, $2 25®3; Western sheep. $2 75
@3 60; native Iambs, $3 50®4 75; Western
lambs, $4Q5.
, ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Aug. 29. — CATTLE — Receipts,
251
HOGS — Receipts', 650; steady. Medium and
heavy. $5 35Q5 60. -*
SHEEP— Receipts. SCO; steady.
: New York Metal Market.
NEW, YORK. Aug. 29.— There was little do
ing in any of the metals to-^y and prices
were unchanged. Tin continued weak in tone,
with offerings free. Copper ruled quiet and
barely steady at $13 75@13 87% - for lake,
$13 62%@13 75 for electrolytic and 513 37%@
13 CO for casting. '
Lead holds a firm position and supplies are
reported limited. Spot, 91 25.
Spelter ruled firm at $8.
Iron — Qul« and steady, with a slight im
provement in demand. Prices were unchanged.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29. — Total Imports of
merchandise anC dry goods at the port of New
York for this week were valued at $12,540,003.
Total Imports of specie at the port of New
York for this week wero $18,438 silver and
857.058 gold.
Total exports of specie from this port to all
countries for this week were <306,30o silver
and $950 gold.
Nczv Y.ork Cotton Market
NEW YORK, Aug. 29. — Cotton futures closed
firm, with prices around the higher levels.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Aug. 29.— There Is a fair inquiry
for wool, but holders do not care to sell pend
ing the flWh series of auction sales. The ar
rivals to date for sales amount to 135,245 bales.
Including 30,500 forwarded direct to spinners. •
Northern Business
SEATTLE. Aug. 29. — Clearings, $512,937;
balances, $121,443.
TA<X>MA. Aug. 29. — Clearings. $262,848; bal
ancel.' $41,713. - 1 • )
PORTLAND, Aug. 29.— Clearings, $342,172;
balances, $35,777.
'Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. »
PORTLAND. Aug. 28.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 77©80c; blueetem. 81@S3c; valley, 81c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Ausr. 29.— WHEAT — Nominal;
bluestem, 86c; club, 80c.
-Vr^- York stocks close the ' week a little higher.
Sugar stocks advanced in this market.
Local ba7ik clearings show a slight decrease from last year.
Silver advances y 2 c. Excliange unchanged.
Wheat ship offered at 10s for October loading.
Millers active buyers of Wheat all over tjie country.
Barely, Oats and Rye steady.
Com unsettled, with increasing receipts from the West.
Beans rendered weak by the incoming new crop.
Feedstuff s ireak under liberal offerings. Hay unchanged.
Butter, Cheese arid Eggs not materially changed.
New Dried Fruits continue very firm.
Situation in Provisions about as before.
Xo cJiange in, Cat tie, Sheep or Hogs.
Potatoes and Onions in fair demand. Vegetables plentiful.
Poultry steady and zvell cleaned up.
Fresh Fruits in active local and shipping demand.
Hops stiff at a further advance. r-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
>Mon*y— .Amal Copper ... Gb%
Tall loans .....4 @5:Daly \7trt . »
Time loans ....6%y*S'Blnghaia. - ....28
rtallrcads — .. l-aJtimet te Ktcia.473
fctchiaon 63% jDenteanlal 20^4
Do pfd 80i4 iropper Hat«« .. ««%
Boston & Albany.249 'txirn Coal 80%
Boston Elev ....137 rranklin J?U
K Y, N H A H..1W5 * Ule Koyale T
ntchburg pfd 134 Mohawk 43
Union Pacific ... 75 Md Dominion ..10
Mex Central 14% Deceola CO
Miscellaneous — ' Parrot .......... 21
JLmer Sugar 116 nulncy 90
Do prd 119 fanta T* Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel. 133 Tamarack 100
Dom Iron i Steel 9 JYimountaln 77
Gen Electric 1«E> Trinity 7H
U S «teel 22% L'nlted States .... 20
Do prd 70% I'tah 27*4
U'estlng Com .... 80 Victoria 3%
Mining — IVlnona ' 3%
Adventure. 6 Wolverine 73Vi
Allouez 6%
>> LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
ConsNfor money.90 9-18 N Y Central ....125%
Cons ror acct.. .90 9-16 Nor & West .'... 6±%
Anaconda 4>A Do pfd 00
Atchiaoa 65}J On t &. West 24%
Do pfd 92 Pennsylvania .... 64 Vv
Bal & Ohio S5i4 Rand Mines 10}i
Can Pacific 127 Reading 28%
Ches & Ohio 34*4 Do 1st pfd 40%
Chi Great West.. 17»i Do 2d pfd 35^4
Chi. M & S Paul.l4t»4 So Railway ..... 23%
De Beera 20% Do prd 87
Den & Rio O y20 So Pacific 4674
Do pfd 80Vj Union Pacific ... 77%
Erie 31% Do pfd 87
Do Jst pfd &n4 U S Steel 23%
Do 2d pfd 534 Do pfd 73
111 Central 37»4 Wabash 22%
Louis & Nash 10$% Do pfd 37
Mo, Kans & T... 20%
Bar silver — Firm. 26&d per ounce.
Money — l%@l«i per cent.
The rate of discount in the open raax^it for
short bills is 2T» p«r cent and for three months'
bills 2"i Per cent.
Erie prior Hen 4s. W«
Do gen 4s .... 82T4
F W A D C lst«.104
Hocking VeU 4fer.,£94
V 3 Steel V79U
Pennsylvania .... P5«J
NEW YORK MJ
Adams Con »,
Alice 17
greoce 1;
Bruns Con 07
O>n Cal & Va... l 30
Horn Silver l 00
Iron Silver \ 65
Leadvllle Con .. 02
Little Chief .... 06
Wit Central 4s... 89%
Con Tob 57
Colo Fuel & I 78ty
Manhattan 101 %,
Rock Island 73%
ri) ;¦,•-. ...
[NINO STOCKS.
.Ontario 8 00
l>phlr 1 40
Phoenix 08
Potosl 12
l'avag« 18
Sierra. Nev 5S
Small Hopes .... 20
Standard 1 75
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oil ......130 00 135 Ou
Home Oil , 1 10 1 is
Imperial-. Oil — In O>
Independence Oil 1? IS
Junction On 20 21
Kern Oil 5 00 5 80
Lion Oil 03 M
Mont* Crlsto Oil «5 75
Monarch Oil SI (3
Oil City Petrottum 23 .if) -
Peerless Oil 13 60 14 CO
Reed Crude Oil 4O U
, San Joaauln Oil 6 50
Sterling Oil 2 75 3 CO
Thirty-three Oil 8 CO
Twenty-Eight Oil 3 BO 4 2S
Union Oil CS 00
United Pttroieum 103 00
Vest Shcre Oil 3 00 3 23
Mlscsllaneous — -¦•--..-
Atoby Land A Impt 1 25 1 SO
A!am»d» Sugar ..'... 29 CO
American Biscuit S3 00 93 00
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power .....
Cal Cent Gas & Electric
•~al Cotton Milla SS 00
Cal Jockey Clut:> US CO
California Pcwder .....
Cal Shipping Co » CO
Cal £Ule In* & Trust ...130 CO 140 CO
: Central Bank cf Oakland.... COCO
<hutcs Company ..... 8 SO
City A County Bank '
Cypress Lawn Impt Co e 30
Eastern Pyr.amit*
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Oas Consumers' Assn..' 22 50
Honolulu Sutar c- 19 CO
London & 8 F Bank (fctd).
Mercantile Trust ,...
Nortb«ro Cal Power „... 9 80
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad >I0 00 »
Orpheum Company 13 00
Pacific States Tel * Tel 122 ZO
Paraffln* Paini ...:.-....... 33 co
Postal Devlcn & Impt.......
Fan Francisco Drydock 47 60
Sa»«iaitto Land &,Ferry 18 CO
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 ftO
Standard Electric 18 00
Trucke- Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar ...., 22 80 .....
United Gas A. Electric 34 50 .....
Western Fish Co..
*. SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — > .-. , - •
100 Cal Standard T* 19
100 Home, s 30 A 1 1«>
Sao Monarch ' 62
loo Sterling :.... s «y>
2000 Independence > yt
1 Hanford 132 00
100 Hom» ; j 15
Mining Stocks.
1
SAN FRANCItoCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morninc Session.
2CA Con C & Va.l 43] TOO Ophlr .... 1 SS
200 Mexican- 07f 200 Overman Zl
200 Mexican 06' 4CO Utah 25
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales, ca th« Pacifla
Stock Exchange yesterday: .^1*.;,
Mornlcs Session.
1100 Andes 131 700 Potosl M
2WJ Chollar 12! 20») Sierra Nev... «!
C5O Con C A V».l 4l>[ SCO Sierra Nev... 64
2GO Con C & V.f 42H; 2G« K£!v*r Hill . f9
SCO Crown Point. 12! 200 Rl'ver Hill '.. »s
400 Gould A Cur. 2Sj 200 Union Con .. M
200 Gould & Cur. is! aCO Union Con .. **
200 Mexican 1 (V» «O Tellow Jacket 8rt
20O Occl Wntal ,y 37i 200 Yellow Jacket 5t
30O Cphir 1 30 3CO Yellow Jacket 53
SCO Ophir 1 55
TONOPAH MININU EXCHANGE.
Folk»wtr.g were the rales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonop-ah Mining; Exchange yester-
I day:
'',. 1 .'¦"•¦. Morning 8e?ston.
25 Kack Canyon.2 55 100 Mont Ton ..1 (EH
150 Black Canyon.2 73 1WO Rescue 10
WOO T%.-p«ranza ... .04 20O Ton N Star.. 40
200 Gipsy Queen.. 27 WO Ton N Star.. 44
300 Hannapah ... S5 S3O Ton N* Star.. 48
200 Mont Ton ...1 OOt 300 Ton N Star.. 41
CLOB1NO O'JOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Au*. 23— 12 m.
Bld.Afk. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 mllMlla. 01 C3
Alta 05 07,7uMice 10 12
Andes 1? HjKentuck 02 Cl
Belcher 2o 23 .Mexican W 1 00
B<-st & «-l-h.l «> 1 6C DcfitSental ... SB 3S
Hullicn 01 02i>phlr I 55 1 (JO
Caledonia ... 90 &1 •.verms n .... 24 25
Challenge Con 21 23!Potosi 12 1*
Chollar 12 14jb < ava*e 21 Zi
Confidence ... 65 !).'• Scorpion ..... C-2 <H
Con Cal A V-l 40 1L 45 t'tg Deleher.. ©8 1O ~
Con Imperial." >M O* Flerra Jfev... 61 63
Con NT... 12 14 Silver Hill .. CS 70
Crown Point. 12 iJ Rt Louis .... — 18
Eureka Con.. 4<» —'Syndicate ... — 06
Rxrhequtr ... 04 C.' Unlnn Con . . R2 64
GoakX & Cur. 27 29 TJtah 31 23
Hale * Nor- •*«" 52! Yellow Jack.. &2 53
Lady Wash..! 04 0€| '
TONOPAH MINES.
(*i Bid. Ask. 1 B5d.A»k.
Espewanza ... 0;J 04. Rescue 10 It
Gold Mnt — 10, Ton Eelmont. — 1 8O
Lucky Tom .. — CO Ton & Cad... 22 —
MacNamara . 15 17jT©n Fraction. — 75
Mtzpah Ex .. — -13'Nevada, Ton.. — 8 00
Mont Ton . .1 CO 1 CCU'North Star ..44 —
Paymaster ... — 17 Midway — «
Pin* Grove... — 53!
(boxed). 7T6@8o: 5 clover, contract grade, $9 75
glO. • • - ¦-¦-.-• ' '¦ •':-.¦:.¦¦ - -:'..;.,
Articles — ' . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19.800 14,400
Wheat, bushels 22,600 18,100
Corn, bushels ....281,800 385,300
Oats, bushels ....230,300 9,600
Rye bushels 4,700 ' . .......
Barley, bushels ........... 22,000 1,900
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market wai steady. Creameries. 14® 19c; Dai
ries 13Sl7c. Cheese, steady, 8}£®llV4c. Eggs,
steady. UttgiaVafr ;;
Foreign Futures.
ONIONS— 50@63c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 73c©$l 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. 7Bc@$l CO; from
Berkeley. BOeJjSl: Green Peas. 3@4c per lb:
String Beans, 2®2*4c per lb; Wax, 2Q2Mc:
Lima Beans. $1@1 25 per sack; Tomatoes. 25®
40o por box for river and 3OJ?e0c for bay: Sum
mer Squash. 30® 40c per box; Cabbage. 7 .1c® 51
per ctl ; Carrots, 75c'S'$l per sack : Cucumbers.
2S(3>40c per box; Vickie Cucumbers, $1 50 per
box for No 1, 75@00c for No. 2 and B0®€5c per
No. 3; Garlic, ~<q 3c per lb; Green Peppers, 25@
40c per box or sack: Green Okra, . 25i635e per
box: Egg Plant, 40@50c per box; Marrowfat
Squash. |10@12 per ton.
POTATOES<Burbanks from the river. BOc®
SI per ctl In 'sacks and fl@l 15 In boxes; Sa
linas Burbanks, $1 2531 CO per ctl; Early Rose,
nominal: Sweet Potatoes. 2@2Vjc per lb.
There was a fair demand for river Potatoes
for shipping, but stocks were more than surn
cient for requirements and the market had an
easy tone. Local trading was or small volume
and even the very best Salinas moved slowly.
Sweets were In free supply and easy, with some
dealers offering at conce5«ions In order to effect
sales,- Fancy Onions were a little firmer, but
the general run of offerings dragged at pre
vious prices.
Tomatoes continued to weaken under In
creased receipts and large lines had to be car
ried over for Monday's market. A few small
lots of strictly fancy Btock commanded a small
premiuin over the quotations at the stores,
but the bulk of the -receipts could be pur
chased within the quoted range. Carrled-over
stock sold down to 15c per box for packing
purposes. The canners were buying the bay
article at the bottom quotation, but were
unable to secure any great amount. The mar
ket was overstocked with Lima Beans and they
were selling by the sack at easier rates. Re
ceipts of Green Corn included much poor and
wormy stock, which was hard to dispose of
at eny price. Good sound stock, however, was
In fair request at Jteady rates. Pickle Cucum
bers moved freely under & good demand from
packers. The other vegt&ables were In free
supply and prices stood about the same as
before. - - . • \
Potatoes,- Onions and Vegetables.
fused In the country. Growers are bold Ins out
for 25c. and even at that price are not dis
posed to do business, as It Is the harvest sea
son, and they do not like to sell when picking,
being too busy.
HlOEii AMU SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l^e under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, loc: medium. 9c; light, 8c: Cow
Hides, 8c for " heavy and 8c for ti*ht:
Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9*-4c:
Salted Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 16c: ury Kip. 13c;
dry Calf. ISo; Sheepskins, >hearllngs. 2393to
each; short wool. 40® 30c each; medium. 70©
90c; tons wool. ?1@1 50 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 73 for large and $2 25©2 SO for me*
•Hum, |2 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dsy, ?1 73 for largs and SI 90 for me
dium. Siei 23 for small and 60c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 32>4c; dry raited
Mexican. 26c: dry Central American. S2V)=-
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 73c: large and
smooth. BOc; medium, 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. *HQ4%c p-r 1b;
No. 2. 4S4Uc: crease. 2%©8c. _,
WOOL — Fall cli» — San Joaauln Lambs'. 09
12c; Foothill. 10®12c: Middle County. 11013c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hun
boldt and McRdocino. l$t?20c; Nevada, 13915c-
Valley Oregon, line, lS^l&s; do, medium. 1TO
18c: do. coarse. l<3<©17e per lb.
HOPS — 22©23c per lb for both 1003 and 1003:
¦ f
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Hops areihlcber, again, with C3c bid asd re»
Hides, r Talloiv, Wool and . Hops.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
fe fe> £e»
AUCTION SALE. TUESDAT, Kept. 1.. 11
a. m., at 1140 Folsom st., ef wagons, camping
outfit*, carts, rubber-tlr* buggies and aurreys,
and also 40 seta of single. and double harness
and 25 head of all-purpose horses.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
40
weal- estate— city —^p** **???*'.
Sa^on. ¦¦h^SSbT^]^.- st .
$35,000— Folk-st! 4 business property; improve-
ments 3-story building, containing stores
and flats above; being in fine s» a P e :
. located in the principal block of Polk
.„ ~* st<: rcnt * ln8 ° a year; large lot.
$28,OC0 — Rent* $2520 per year; modern wag..
containing stores and 6 flats of 6-7-
„'< . rooms and bath; this property is located
on one of the' best business corners in
the Western Addition; lot 55x105 feet
$18,000— Rents $1050 per year; 86 ft. corner
on Sansome st: in the heart of the
wholesale district: 6 stores, 11 r. above.
$18,000— Three elegant new flats on Pacific
Heights, containing 8 r. each, porcelain
- bath, electric lights; renting for ?lt>_ ou
! per months ¦'«.„„
$1S,000— McAllister St.. close to Flllmore, 72:6
ft. front: present Improvements consist
of 4 houses; rents low for $060 per year;
this is a enap and must be sold to close
an estate.
$11,000— Bu»lness corner on Mieslon st, near
I6th; 2 stores and flat of I r. and b.;
bank mortgage of $5000 can remain.
$10,500— Cor. on Steiner st; 2 modern up-to-
date flats; large finished basement, con-
crete foundation, etc.; rents $696 per
year; lot 27:15x110 feet.
$9,750— Rents $1080 per year; 3 beautiful
flats Just completed of 6-7 r. and b..
electric lights, etc.; north side of Mc-
Allister. St.; owner forced to sell this
magnificent property. ,,
$7,500— Buchanan st. investment: 2 swell up-
to-date flats of 7 r. and porcelain bath;
finished in the very latest design; rents
$600 per year; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$0,250— Modern home of 7 r. and porcelain b..
spacious basement; this property Is a
bargain at this figure and is located in
the finest residence portion of the West-
ern Addition. _ , _
$0,000— Pays 10 per cent; 3 elegant flats of 6
r. each on Natoma st, near 7th; this
property is rented exceedingly low to
desirable tenants; lot 25x75 -feet
$3.5CO— Beautiful bldg. site on Leavenworth
st, near Jackson; large lot. 32:6x162 ft;
no better downtown location for flats;
. ' present improvements pay $31 60 mo.
$5,500— Big bargain; rents $540 per yw;
Scott st, near Geary; 3 fine fiata or e-
C-4 rooms; lot 25x90 feet.
. $5,250— Jackson «t, near Hyde; elegant resi-
dence of 8 r. and b.; recently remodeled
and put In first-class condition; excel-
lent opportunity to secure a "beautiful
home.
$4.8C0— Rents $456 per year; 2 new flats of
4-5 r. and porcelain b.; largo basement;
on a main street In a progressive por-
tion of the Mission; more than 20 build-
ings have been erected within the last
year in this locality; bank mortgage of
$2000 can remain at 0 per cent; lot 25x
100 ft: cement sidewalk and street
bltumlnized. „, , .
$4,5OO-«-Rents $444 per year; south of Market
st. corner: lot 60x60 feet; 2 flats of 4
r. each and a nice cottage of 5 r.; with
the expenditure of a few dollars on this
property a profit of $1000 could be real-
ized within 30 days.
$4,500— Rents $58S per year; 3 houses of 6-7
r. ; 40 ft. front; short distance from
Third and Folsom fits.
$4,500— Rents $108 per year; Minna st, near
7th; 2 bay-v.-lndow flats of 4 r. and b.;
cement sidewalk. _ _
$4,000— Harriet st. investment; cottage and 2
flats; terms part payment In cash or
will exchange for Stockton or San Jose
property.
$4,000— Magnificent opportunity for a sptou-
lator; outside land block; bet. 17th and
18th aves.; 240x600 feet; no better loca-
tion for a roadhouse.
$3,750 — Rent* $42 60 per month; 3 front flats
of 3-4-5 r. and renr flat; this property
is located on Harrison st. dose to 8th
Bt; must be sold to close an estate;
Bmall Investors should Investigate this
magnificent bargain at once.
$3,750 — Pays over 10 per cent per year; 4 flats
of 3-4 r.; 43 ft. frontage; through to
another street; close to 7th and Bryant.
$3,250— Reduced from $4000 for Immediate
Bale; owner pressed for cash and no
reasonable offer will be refused: 2 data
of 4-5 r. and b.. patent toilets and brick
foundation; everything in first-class con-
dition; rents §360 per year; no water
bills to pay; no better bargain In the
Minion warm belt; lot 29:6x114 feel.
Price $3000 — Pays 1 per cent per month; 8 nice
flats of 3-4 r.on Morris ave.: lot 25x80.
$2,800 — 2-story residence of 6 r. and b.; 7 ft
basement, cement sidewalk; block from
Geary and Fillmore sts.
$2,100— Fine cottage of 4 r. and b., basement,
enclosed glass porch, etc.; lot 30x115 ft;
electric cars pass within \_ block of the
property: on Noe street.
EASTON. ELDKIDGE & CO.,
CIS Market street
VON RIIEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
LEAVENWORTH. NEAR PINE.
$37,500 — Large lot, with new Improvements;
renting for $222 50 per month.
FILBERT, NEAR POWELI*
$25,000 — 68:9x160 to rear street; four 10-
room houses; renting for $112 60.
> ! ¦-•¦" ' ¦
MODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$21,000 — Mason st, near Pine, • running
through to rear street; 4 new artistically fin-
ished fiats of 10. 6, 0 and 4 rooms, renting for
$183 50 per month. - ¦
NEW F1LLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms
each, renting for $85.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS HOME.
$8500 — 26:6x91:8: corner, Vallejo and Buch-
anan sts; well constructed house of 7 rooms
and bath.
WASHINGTON-ST. HOME.
$6000— 25x137:6; Washington st, near Hyde;
dwelling of 7 rooms and bath.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$5750—34:1x103; W. line Devisadero st, near
Green: beautiful marine view and In a rapidly
growing locality.
CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME.
$5500 — California, near Baker; well con-
structed house of 8 rooms and bath; mortgage
of $2500 can remain.
MISSION HOME.
$4500—30x122:0; Capp St.. near 18th; 2-etory
bay-window residence of 7 rooms and bath,
renting for $35 per month.
VAN NESS- AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
55x137:6; west line Van Ness ave., near
Greenwich; splendidly situated for a home or
flats.
TTNION-ST. BUILDING LOT. >
$5200 — 41:6x125; Union st, near Van Ness
ave.
. MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
! $4500 — Laguna st, near Union; 2 modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
VASSAR-ST. INCOME PROPERTY.
$3000—25x75; front and rtar house renting
for $33 per month; must be fold at once.
OCTAVIA-ST. COTTAGE. •
$2500 — 31x72; Octavla St.. near Union: well
built cottage of 6 rooms: renting for $16.
F. B. SURRYHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$12,000— Rents $100 per month; Howard st.,
southeast corner 21st; 2-story brick building. ;
arranged in stores and daneinsc ¦ academy i
above; large lot, 41x122:6; gilt-edge Invest-
ment.
$2,700 — Shotwell st., near 21st; 2-story house,
7 rooms and lot 30x122:6.
$8500 — Shotwell st., southwest corner 21st: fln#
cottage, 7 rooms and bath, and lot 66x122:6.
$70(10— Shotwell st, near 21st; fine 2-story bay-
window double house of 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $53 per month: lot 38:0x122:6.
$3000— Shotwell st, near 22d; fin* cottage. 6
rooms and bath; lot 27:0xl22:«.
$2230 — Shotwell «t., near 22d; cottage, 6 rooms,
and lot 24x122:6.
$6500— Howard st, near 21st; substantial 2-
Btory residence, 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x
122:6.
$14.000^ — California st. ; flne modern residence,
10 rooms and bath; large lot, nearly 40 feet
front by 137:0.
$10,000— Sutter st. ; 4 flats, with rear cottage;
. total rental $T8; can be readily Increased to
'$S5; lot 44x137:0.
$4000 — Bargain; northeast corner on 15th st.
short distance from Market; lot nearly 60
feet front by 90 feet deep.
$8000 — Dolores st, near 23d; one of the hand-
somest residences In the Mission; 0 rooms
and bath; lot 40x117:6 to an alley; special
barcaln.
$GU50 — Near Halpht and Scott: 2 flats, 5 and 6
rooms; rents $52 50; lot 25x106. ¦ ;
$5250 — Guerrero st. ; flne modern residence, S
rooms and bath; lot 35x100.
$5850— Guerrero Bt, near 10th; handsome mod-
ern cottaKe, 0 rooms and bath; lot 25x90.
$16,000 — Baker st : 3 beautiful modern flats, 7
rooms and bath - each; rents $132 60 per
month: lot 25x125.
$9000— Presidio Heights swell residence; close
to Clay st; 10 rooms and bath; lot 35x100;
beautiful eunny lot. ¦
$12.750— Broderlck et, 'Pacific Heights; 3 flne
modern flats, 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$105; lot 27:6x110. ,
Get one of my catalogues, giving* particulars
of properties for sale In all parts of the city.
$40^000— BRICK building In the very business
"-'/'' conter of Oakland, paying 6 per cent
net:' clear of all taxes, insurance and
repairs; under guaranteed' lease; prop-
erty cost $65 000. I must sell Imme-
diately. Address Owner, Box 810, Call
office, Oakland. .: -
FOR sale — Corner ¦ grocery and bar. running 9
years, with lot .25x100 and improvements, a
store and 2-story cottage, 6 rooms, bath. NW.
cor. Twenty-flrst and , Douglas sts.
NEAT cottage with modern improvements;
terms same as paying ; rent' 'Apply owner,
lumber yard. S.E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm streets. . ¦:.-;•; ¦.-:-..*•-•¦.' ' :
PACIFIC Hel«hts lots; marine view; SW. cor.
Scott and Filbert sts. THE , MCCARTHY
CO, ttJM Market 'st.
REAI. ESTATK— CITY— FOR gALB.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., . - _
.,-.^ 218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$17,600 — NW. cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.;
lot 33x67 ft more or less; Improvements
consist of stores and flats; monthly
rents $132; mortgage of $8000 can re-
- main. i -
$0,000— Post st., this side Polk; improvements.
2 residences: rents $44 C lot runs through
to rear street.
$40,000— Turk st.. near Leavenworth st: BOx
-:v;;13j^6;. grand site for the erection - of
apartment-house, etc.
$44,000 — Jones st, near Golden Gate ave.: 55
ft front; frame Improvements; Income
' . $160 per month; mortgage of $30,000 can
remain; this property Is one block from
Market st each way and Is a great bar-
gain.
$8,250— Grove st.. near Flllmore st; two-story
residence, 10 rooms and bath; now rent-
Ing for $50 per month; In first-class con-
• • dition.
$5,250— Mrss St., near Folsom: 2 flats, 5-6
rooms; rent $40; lot 24xS0 ft; good In-
vestment
$4,600— Silver st., near Third; 2 flats, 0-6
rooms; modern plumbing; $1500 has Just
.. „ been spent in renovating; rents $40.
$5,260 — Ellis st, near Laguna; two-story bay-
¦ window • residence of 9 rooms and bath;
• lot 25x120 ft to rear street. v
$16,500— California st. near Laguna; fine resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; large lot,
34:4Hxl32 ft.; house will readily rent
¦ for J100 per month.
$18,000— Franklin at. near Padflc ave.; three
elegant marine view flats of 8 rooms
and bath each; total rents $162 50; lot
27:6x92:10% ft
$30,000 — Market-st. corner, 3 frontages; grand
site for apartment-house or flats; lot
131x100 and 153 ft.; only a few blocks
from the City Hall.
$11,000— Clay St., near Buchanan: beautiful 12-
roomed residence; all modern Improve-
ment*; lot 25x100 ft; a bargain.
$27,600 — Polk st., near Bush; 3-story and base-
ment brick building; rents $114 50; rents
can be raised; lot 80 ft. front
$50,000— Turk st., near Jones; present rent
$120; lot 50x87:6 ft; should have new
building.
$2S,000 — Large Tenth-st. corner; close to Mar-
ket; lot 75x110 ft; rents $167; will pay
6 per cent net
$15,000— Modern 2-story and basement house,
north side Jackson St.; marine view;
¦ hardwood floors, natural wood finish,
five bedrooms, electric lighting; lot 30x
127 :8K ft.
$1,000— Ninth ave., near California st; fine
building lot. 25x120 ft.
$300 each— Fine building lots. Army st,
near Castro: 25x115 ft each.
$16,600 — NW. cor. Clay and Spruce- sts.: grand
marine view residence; colonial style;
large square hall, living-room, recep-
¦ tlon-room, dining-room, kitchen, ser-
vants' room; all rooms finished in hard
' .:;¦ wood; 5 bedrooms on second floor; large
room in attic; basement contains laun-
dry, storeroom, wineroom, furnace, etc.;
lot o7:6xlOO ft; permit to Inspect pro-
curable at office.
$22,500— Corner of Seventh and Natoma sts.;
frame Improvements, renting for $96 per
month.
Lake st. — Various lots from Thirteenth to
Twenty-third aves., at very low figures.
Full Information at office.
$1,750 each — Broderlck et, near Post; fine
building lots. 25x125 ft each; ready to
build on; only 3 lots left.
$S,100 — Sutter St., near Devisadero; substan-
tial residence; stable; large lot, 69:3*^4x
114 ft; or will sell 34:3x114 ft for
$6500. •
$15,000— Bush st, Inside of Hyde; a large,
substantial residence of 15 rooms and
bath; now renting for $05 monthly; lot
27:6x137:6 ft; mortgage of $8500 at 6
per cent can remain; property must bo
sold within 90 days. v <
$20,000 — Broadway, near Gough st. ; handsome
residence; 5 bedrooms, bath; beautiful
marine view; house in perfect order; lot
82:6x137:0 ft.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery st
LYON & HOAO,
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for
sale in all sections of the city.
$3,000 — OTarrell st., near Buchanan; lot 25x
90, with a good 2-story house of 8 rooms
and bath; rent $40.
$4,000 — Potrero ave., near 23d st; lot 25x100,
with 2 flats and 5 and C rooms and bath
each; modern and in good condition;
rent $34; mortgage can remain.
$4,750— Sanchez st. corner of 25th; fine 2-
story building, containing 2 flats of 5
and 6 rooms; porcelain bath; modern
plumbing; rent *3S.
$8,750 — Beautiful 2-story-and-basement. resi-
dence of 8 rooms, 2 baths; hardwood
floors; modern and up-to-date In every
respect; not far from the corner of
Stanyan and Frederick sts.; magnificent
view, overlooking Golden Gate Park and
the Golden Gate; built as a home and
no expense spared; cold at a loss on
account of owner leaving the State.
$8,500— Rent $75; the very best kind of a buy;
new buildlns; 3 flats, 5 rooms, etc..
each; good view; good neighborhood;
will always rent; comer on prominent
street in Mission.
Splendid Prospective Corner.
$5,000 — Near new 24th-st. electrlo power-
house (Utah St., near 26th); 2 new flats,
4 and 6 rooms; exceptionally good both
in arranrement and finish; also stable
with driveway; rent $37.
$6,000 — Clayton st, near Haight: 2 modern
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; nearly
new; rent J52 50; large lot.
$13,500— Rents J1C4; Folsom st, near 7th; lot
26x165. to rear street; Improvements
consist of 2 buildings; store ar.J flats.
$3,000— 22d, near Noe; lot 25x114. with bay-
window cottage of 5 rooms, bath, etc.;
Is a fine home; cheap.
$7,500 — Hermann st.. near Flllmore; 2 flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x
120, to Gilmore ave.; good flats; good
location. ;
$7,750 — Rent $74 60; big map; new 3 -story !
building, containing 3 flats of 5 rooms
and bath each; 15th, near Dolores;
could not be duplicated for anything
like the price.
$9,750 — Rent $92 50; In Park Panhandle dis-
trict, facinc Golden Gate .Park; 3 new
flats of T rooms and bath each and fin-
ished basement: lot 25x106:3; building
only about 2 years old. '
LYON & HOAG,
t • 116 Montgomery st.
FLORIN L. JONES & CO — .630 MARKET ST.
Real Estate Agents. Opp. Palace.
$3,500— Lot 27:0x137:6; Pacific Heights; ma-
rine view.
$15,600— Modern, sunny; 'marine view; Pacific
Heights; a bargain.
$46,000— Choice business property. 47:6x137:6;
stores and flats; rent $300; Larkln St.,
near Geary.
$7,000— Lot 40x137:6 and 10-room residence;
Union street.
$12,000— 2-story and basement brick; lot 23x60;
Commercial St.. near Battery.
$17,500 — Van Ness ave., NE. corner; 45x125;
choice marine view.
$11,000 — Modern marine view residence; lot
27:0x137 :C: Pacific Heights.
$17,500— Choice modern Pacific Heights 10-
room residence; bargain; marine view.
$17,500- — Choice corner on. Broadway; marine
view; 10 rooms and bath.
$9,000 — Two choice, modern, marine view
flats; Pacific Heights.
$25,000— N. W. corner: modern; apaclous resi-
dence; Pacific Knights; built for a resi-
dence; 15 rooms. ..
$9,600 — 14-room corner residence; marine view.
$7,500 — fi-room residence; modern; sunny.
Two chotce sunny flats to rent.
We have a choice line of flats show-
Ing good Income.
FLORIN L. JONES- & CO 630 Market st
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
114 Montgomery < street
FLATS FOR SALE.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
A SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$11,000— Three ¦ new flats, rented for $1225 a
year; well built and thoroughly up to
date; 71B Clayton etreet. near Haight.
$7,000— Two light sunny flats, renting for
$W>0 a year, on Scott et, near McAl-
lister.
$3,000 — Four good' flats near Bush and
! Franklin sts. ; rent $S16 year; lot 60x00.
$3,800 — Two pretty flats in the Mission
warm belt: rent $34.
$5,000 — A bargain on Pacific st, near Hyde;
2 flats of A and 6 rooms and bath; rent
$41 50; can be Increased.
BUILDING LOTS.
$6,500 — The best and cheapest lots In *he
Park district; north side of Page, near
Cole st; 60x137 :tf.
$4,650— A pickup on Ashbury st., near Waller;
30x186:3, running through to Fremont
:'.'.. ,:*.;;" avenue.
$1,700 — Large, well-situated lot on Ashbury
Heights; S0xS5.
$4,000— Cheapest lot on Fillmore st, near
Hayes; 25x100.
$0,000— Fine corner ooooslte n«w postof flee;
lot adjoining sold for $18,0C0.
FOR SALE BY
JULIEN SMITH. -
Real Estate Agent...... 420 Montgomery st.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
Lot 42:6x73:6. $8000
. Near Devlsadero and California: level block;
smooth street; prettiest, sunniest corner on
the market: can make the lot larger if de-
sired. Please | call Monday.
3 COTTAGES of 5 r. and b., on 2Cth st, half
block of Castro-st. cars; foreclosure sale;
$100 . down. - balance $20 ¦ per mnntn; . open
Sundays.; D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission.
BEAUTIFUL S-room modern residence; large
lawn; best Part Pacific Heights. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
$1600 — HOUSE, 8 rooms and bath: brick foun-
dation; lot 25x125. 'Call at cigar store, SW.
' corner of Sixth and Mission' sts. v
LOTS north or south of park purchased. "* W.
i-J. GUNN. 530 California st
I REAL EPTATP" TTTY — FOR SALE.'
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE. Opp. Mills Building.
FLATS.
$15,000 — Pacific Heights flats; 2 of the most
elegant "flats in this city; 8. 9 rooms
• and baths; every room sunny; finished
3 months; pays 10 per cent net; leased ¦
for 3 yeass; lot 27:6x137:6. j
$12,300 — 3 beautiful new flats. 0 rooms and j
bath each; rents $115 per month; every
room sunny; fine view; lot 25xlC0; fac- »
Ing Duboce Park.
$15 COO — Fell st.. near Central ave.; 3 swell
flats. 7-7-8 rooms, baths; rent $156 per ,
annum; lot 25x137:6.
$9,500— Rents $9o0 per year; 2 elegant new
flats S-9 rooms, bath, basement; key
lot; tvery room sunny and light; marine
;-"• :*¦•' view; lot 25x137:6; Walnut st, near
Clay.
INVESTMENTS.
SPECIAL.
$137,500—137:6x137:6; full 50-vara on Turk st..
close to Market; rip-ht in the heart
of the retail business district. This prop-
erty will double In value In less than 5
years; a chance of a lifetime. We can
procure a tenant that will pay 10 per
cent net on secured lease for a modern
building constructed on this property.
Mission st. north' side, near water front; large
building site; any size; cheap.
$110.000— All offers eubmitted; positively must :
be eold: lot 137:6x137:6: partly Im-
proved; pays at present $7200 per year;
room for 100 additional rooms, for ¦
which present tenant will pay $10,200
per year; plans all prepared, with the
additional improvements the. property
will pay 12 per cent per annum.
$67,000—74x137: East st. through to Drumm.
adjoining Santa Fe depot and facing
water front; first-class improvements
adjoining; a bargain. .* v •
$16,000— 11th st. near Market; fine 8-story
building; large store and 2 modern flats
above, 6 rooms and bath each; flna .
concrete floor; cost $20,000; forced sale;
all offers submitted. •
I OTS
$10,000— SPECIAL— Howard st.. near 25tb: 120 "
xll5 to rear street; only $83 per front
foot; fine location for flats; forced sale
to close estate.
$125 per front ifoot ; worth $200— Beautiful ma-
rine view lots on north Una of vallejo
et. between Steiner and Pierce; swell
location; best bargain in the city; lots
any size and full depth.
Improved and unimproved property In all
parts of the city; easy terms: call for list
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery st, •
Opposite Mills Building.
B. GETZ, ROOM 22, CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!!!
Unobstructed View of Ocean. . Your Choice .
$100 to $250. Splendid Bargains. $3 monthly. <
10TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS!!!
See Them at Once. Graded, Level to Build on.
High Ground. Magnificent View.
Perfect Bargains. On Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD IX)TS!!l J
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Nothing to Equal Them in Quality or Price.
One Block from Mlssion-st. cars. Perfectly i
level.
Corner Lots for Business. Opposite New School. <
$150 UP; $5 MONTH. PERFECT BARGAINS.
$300 to $1200.
Choices of Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$800 to $5000. New Cottages and Houses In
Sunset, Richmond and Excelslon Homestead.
All My Own Property. Sold on Easy Terms. ¦
BARGAINS.
$2:u.x) — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath, etc.: brick ¦
foundation; In fine repair; lovely home; lot
25x114; sunny side.
$1300— Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25x80; Folsom
st; V, block from cars; street work all done.
$3300 — $500 cash; 2-story. 7 rooms: modern: lot ,
20x125; fine neighborhood; between Twenty- !
fifth and Twenty-sixth sts.. Fair Oaks.
$1100— Lot 25x125; Fair Oaks St., between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side;
fine neighborhood; lot in same block held
at $2000; $500 cash, balance long time.
$1650 — Lot 25x7S:G; San Jose ave.. between
Twenty-fifth and Army sts.; bltuminlzed and
sidewalk.
$550— 2 lots. 25x114; Duncan st.
J. F. PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia st.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Realty and Insurance.
304 Montgomery st.
$60,000 — Very large corner on Sixth St.; pays
well and will Increase.
$41,000 — Corner, near Sutter and Polk; 60 ft
front: 2 stores and 34 rooms above.
$14.000— 3 swell new fiats; Laguna St.
$10.000 — Leavenworth st.; nice house. 8 rooms;
lot 45x110. with room for 3 flats.
$3,100— Vallejo St.; 48x100; permanent view;
sunny: positively worth $5000.
$2,000— Maybe less; lot 50x14"?: near Masonic
ave. and park; 2 fronta(?ea; fin* view. '
$075 — 21st ave., Richmond: 50x120; view.
$400 — Point Richmond: 50x112:6; bargain.
Some choice lots %t Mill Valley, San Rafael,
etc.
A BARGAIN— $4250; CORNER LOT. 8 FLATS:
LOT 23x114; 184 CLIPPER : ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
J11.000— FOR sale; 8. E. corner O'Farrell and
IIollls st.; 25x00. and improvements. Inquire
1511 O'Farrell at .¦
FOR sale— House 8 rms. ; high basement; sunny
side 19th, bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. Mkt
REAJL ESTATE— Country— For Sale.
ATTRACTIVE BARGAINS
IN GOOD COUNTRY PROPERTY
BY C. M. WOOSTER CO. 1
$7000 — 9SO acres rich wheat and vine land: 3
miles from Arbuckle; great snap; last
crop. S600O.
$1000— Pretty place overlooking Los Gatos; 10
acres; some orchard and vineyard; good
o-roomed cottage; barn; chicken yard;
large sprlne; live oaks.
$1200 — Chicken ranch, on electrto car line, near
Haywards; B-roomed house; chicken
yards, etc; almost an acre of land; very
cheap. .
14000—40 acres, near Concord, Contra Costa <
County; 5 acres vineyard; 2 acres orchard;
balance best of land, fruit, vine or vege-
table land; good house, barns, mill and
tank; snaD at this price. •
$4000-^160 acree, near Napa: 12 acres vine-
yard; 37 acres now in grain; balance fam-
ily orchard and berry patch; pasture
heavily timbered: all fenced and cross-
fenced; 7-roomed house: barn, sheds; sev- .
eral springs; wagon; 2 horses; 3 cows; all i
tools; blacksmith shop. j
$2000 — 10 acres of choice land near good town j
In Santa Clara County; best of location; (
4 acres In bearing 1 orchard; 6 acres young
vineyard; good cottage; barn, etc: im-
provements worth more; must be sold Im-
mediately. ]
2fA.p.A 40 acres. 4 miles from Napa; 10 acres
bearing orchard; IS acres »hay and grain;
modern residence, 5 rooms, cost $2000; 12 '•
acres bottom grass land: barn, well, mill,
tank; 4 acres corn: hrrse, cow: IIS tons •
hay; all implements; all for $6000; splen- ;
did buy.
Alfalfa stock farm; great bargain ; 2150 acres; !
Salinas; 600 acres under Spreckels irriga-
tion ditch; produces 11,000 sacks of grain:
model stock and grain farm; railroad
passes through it; fronts on Salinas
River: price, ?3O an acre.
PRETTY SUBURBAN HOMES -,
DOWN THE PENINSULA. .
Hav.-CH Tract; 5 minutes' walk from Redwood
City; only 50 minutes' rl(*e from San
Francisco: 6 acres; $1373; $125 down: bal-
ance in monthly Installments of $25 35
for CO months.
One and one-ei_hth acre villa sites, $400; $50
down and $10 a month; all handsomely
wooded; no fogs; no ferries; best of soil.
Bclmont — $3500: modern, up-to-date cottage of ,
6 rooms; Insured for $22OO: almost an acre
of handsome garden: oaks; on pretty
knoll ; 3 short blocks from depot ; easy
terms can be arranged.
Fair Oaks— Pretty 5-acre lots; convenient to
depot; only $1100.
Call or rend for catalogue.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st
$2600 — 47& ACRES, 4 miles from Llvermore:
all fine and crossfenced; good house and
barn and outbuildings. Including all farming
implements and buggy, wagon. 5 cows. 2
horses, harness, etc.; owner going away.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
I 1053 Broadwav, Odkland.
$2300— ONLY S5 miles from S. F.; 10 minutes' ;
walk from courthouse in live town; 21 acres,
half level; new 5-room colonial cottage; 2
porches, bath, pantry, etc.: large new barn;
$500 worth of wood on place; 1 horse, bis
¦wagon, spring wagon, double and single '
harness, tools, etc. ¦W. J. WHITE. 2C Mont-
gomery st.. room 5.
FOR sale cheap— Whltehouse resort, near Fair- •
fax, consisting of restaurant business and
furnished rooms in connection therewith; 24
sets of furniture, horses, wagons, etc. For
particulars apply M. COCHRANE, San Ra-
fael. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranch**, orchards.
vineyards; Inspected bargains; uionthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO «4S -
Market st. ' i
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P. H.
JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery st
12-ACRE home across the bay. $2750; good
t ' Income. W. B. EASTIN. 26 Montgomery st
I SAJt MATEO ItEAL ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOMES t gAN
SAN MATEO.
Beautiful home lots, averaging about 1 acr»
each in San Mateo Park, the finest suburban
residence property near San Francisco; thla
the famcus Clark Tract, held for ov«r
4- veafs by the »ame owners, recently subdi-
vided into cottace. bungalow and villa horns
• nites with wide and winding avenues; bor-
dered wUh thousands of costly shade trees
•and comprising the niost desirable of all th*
elleible home sites in beautiful San Mateo.
Suburban electric trains now running every
20 minutes from San Francisco for San Mateo.
The«e villa lots will be sold on terms of one-
third cash; balance In one and two years.
For maps, catalogues and full particulars
appl/ to or address BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Meal Estate Agents. 25 Post St.. S. F.. or
FRANK " GRUMMON. ?an Mateo.
San Mateo office open Sundays.
SAX MATEO. BURLINGAME.
Best suburban horn* near .San Francisco:
no ferry: electric railroad now running: lots
and residences for sale. We cm sell good lot-
as low as $500 each. We will lie glad to show
them We -iso have some acreage land near
by ai low as $10O to »^/-."^ OTIIEng .
egraph building. San Mateo.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.^
OWN A LOT IX CALIFORNIA. _
The California terminus of the- Santa J>
Railroad and Standard Oil Company Is at
City of Richmond. Just across the bay from
San Francisco, where these corporations to-
gether with Southern Padflo Railroad are
spending millions of dollars. w nlch ,. wiu
make it the greatest manufacrannj city on
the Pacific Coast : .
$5 per month; •
A good way to save and make money. Map*
free. Address RICHMOND UND COM-
PAXY. Crocker bulldinr. San Francisco.
WATER front lots and barralns; ail . tracts;
maps, photos, etc BELL. 417 Parrott bldg
MEHD0CI2T0 CO. RCA-* ESTATE.
HEALTH AND PLEASURE RESORT.
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Hotel, cottages, baths, swimming pool, eta. la
midst of 360' acres.
REDWOOD TIMBER LAND.
For particulars apply to
MeAFEE BROS., .
108 Montgomery st
REAL ESTATE WAJiTEP.
WANT to trade mlnlns stock for real es-
tate, rooming- house or furnlt-re. Box 2433.
Call office. ¦¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
EXCEPT1ONAI. GOOD YXLyES,
$050 purchases beautiful lot. 52x138; fia* lo-
cation. * i
$1000— Lot 50x150; near Central ave.; a gnat
snap.
$1850— Good S-room cottace; lot 40x138. '
$2250— 6-room 2-story house; lot 33zlQT. . ,\
$2500— Fine 6-room cottage; lot 60x139; rer?
desirable.
$3500 — Modern 7-room house; good lot: sacrifice
$4250 — Nearly new elegant 8-room, houj«;
Grand st '
$5000 — One of the prettiest and best located 8-
room 2-story houses In Alameda; lot 50x
150; flowera and fine stable.
$£230 — To close estate; house, 10 rooms ; aad
bath; elegant comer; 60x150.
MUST BE SOLD.
XO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Will rent furnished, exchange or sell at a
sacrifice; cost $22.0CO; now S16.CCO; see this
property and maka us an offer; 12 rooms and
bath; larce corner lot. 75x183; every modem
Improvement; an Ideal location; a beautiful
home; situated In the best part of Alameda.
HOMES BUILT.
RENTED AND EXCHANGED.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St., Alameda. Phone Orant llfl.
BUT IN ALAMEDA.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES, BEST CAR SER-
VICE OF ANY SUBURBAN TOWN IN* THIS
BTATE.
CLIMATE AND SANITARY CONDITIONS
UNRIVALED.
$3500 — A beautiful 7-room cottage; entirely
modern; block and a half from narro'v-
gauge station; close to electric cars; can
b« bought for $500 down, balance on terms
to suit purchaser.
$2500 — A 7-room house: modern plumbing; en
good let situated between the two R. R.
systems: must be sold by Monday even-
ins:; extremely cheap.
Houses built, rented and exchanged. *
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park st.. Alameda.
MONEY. MONEY. '¦ MONET.
•WE -WANT IT. YOU WANT IT.
LET US SELL TOT7 *A HOMB THAT
HAS A REAL HOME VALUE.
AN INTEREST-PRODUaNQ VAIiUS
A SPECULATIVE VAX.CTI •
CALL AND LOOK OVER O"UH X-XST,
W. K. CONOER & CO., '.
1801 PARK ST. ALAMEPA.
DELANOY-RANDLETT CO.. ~*
Our Laurel-st tract U lit* finest bay a&oro
property In this dty.
The bungalow Is nearly completed. Don't'
fall to see U. >•*_•¦ -
______ i
We -will build any style yon may £es!z_w "
DELANOY-RANDLETT CO'MPANT. "
1336 Park st.. Alameda,
$2600— NEW two-story 8-roora houssj tlectrlo
light and gas throughout: handy to
school and station.
$2600— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot 133x3401
m ,_. _ , ¦ 1 T
ADAMS & 00., " *,
Bay-st. Station. \
Broadgange R. R. . Alarrwia. '
$2600 — NEW bouse of 6 rooms.
JSSOO-r-Cottage of 7 rooms; lot eOxlCO. . j
$1S5O— Cottage of 5 rooms; lairs lot. —.'>*,'
Choice lot on "Webber st; cheap. '\
J. H. YOCNP. 1243 Park st. Alamedaw
BARGAIN — S105O-. Alameda: a 4-rooxn eotta**
and bath: lot 27:6x175 feet; easy terms. 431
Linden ave., San Francisco. ~-L'- - ¦
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FURNISHED 8-room hous« to responsible-
party; no children; references. 011 Market st
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A BIG ENAP.
4-room cottage, bath, toilet stationary taba:
lot 80x230; fruit trees, berries: close to new
ferry line, school and stores; price $1330.
¦ ; ¦.;;¦'.¦ a a. rudolph.
Open Sundays. Larln.
A LOVELY HOME.
New 5-room cottage, bath, patent toilet, sta-
tionary tubs: street work done; convenient
to station and street cars; price $2000; terms,
$100 cash, balance same as rent
oi A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. , Lorin.
WILL THIS SUIT?
New 8-room house, with all modern Improve-
ments- close to station and street cars; price
$-25O; $150 cash, balance same as rent
©I A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lortn. «
SS5O— BUYS house & rooms; lot 44x123; city
water, patent toilet, etc.; 4 blocks from
station; best buy in Alameda County.
4-room house, basement, barn, chicken-
house, mill and tank; lot 72x133; room lor
- 1000 hens; sold cheap; easy terms.
New houses. 5 to 11 rooms; up-to-date; fine lo-
cation; vacant lots, -5130 to $3000.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
new 2-story 7-room Bouse. 4 . bedrooms.
equipped with all modern convenience., gas.
electric lights, etc.. en an improved street,
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on the following
7j terms: $100 cash and the balance In month-
- 1 ' ly installments ; whole price $3300.
JOSEPH J- MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. Shattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
11 ACRES. Joining university; whote or divls~
Ion. DR. MOUSER. owner. 70T Bush il
San Francisco * •
RICH, ESTATE~CI^~FOR : SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL—
•25. POST. ST. ,
$1,000 — Corner lot on B st, Richmond dis-
trict; "172x00, making 7 lota.
$7,500 — Baker at. near Sacramento; house v of
6 rooms and bath; lot 40x137:0.
$8,000 — Twenty-second-st. corner In the Po-
trero; lot 60x100; improvements consist
• ; : : of 0 flats; rents $00 per month. . r ;'v f.
$3,100 — First ave., near the Presidio wall; 2
lots 31x120 each; price $3L00 each.
$1,C25 — Lake at. north side, near Eighth ave.;
32:6x72; 2 lots.
. . v : , „ ______
$28,0C0 — Mlcslon-st. business corner; stores and
residence; should be further improved;
extra large lot, 135x117 :C. to an alley; J
frontages.
$4,600— Splendid lot for flats on Steiner St.,
near Post; 27:6x110.
$14,000— Howard St., near First; lot 25x85;
frame Improvements; rents $90.
$8,000 — Rents $02 60: corner on Sacramento
et. ; on main st. ; short distance from
Kearny; extra wide frontage; only one
block from new Fair Hotel; could be
Improved to advantage. _ •
$19,000— Rents $130 r*r month; lot 75x100; tiled
front 3-story building on Fulton st, fac-
ing Golden Gate Park; choice business
property. ,
$*5,2*jO — Powell-st corner; northern portion of
city: rents $1SO per annum; store and 10
rooms.
$11,500— Lot 50xS7:«. with 2 flats of 5 rooms
and bath each and 2 small flats on rear
of other lot; sufficient ground to further
improve; Twelfth st, near Howard.
$4,000 — Twenty-flfth-st. corner; lot 50x75, with
store and living-rooms and cottage of 5
rooms and bath. '
$550— Cheap lot. 25x120; Twenty-sjcond ave..
near California st; lot on grade; -ewer
' In street
$15,000— Ellis Et., corner Devisadero; lot 35x90;
2 stores and flat above.
$4.C00— Frederick St.. near Ashbury: lot 25x
103:6; splendid bay-window cottage of i
rooms and bath; high basement; large
yard; very sunny.
$7,250 — Jackson St., near Montgomery; lot 25
xCO. to rear etreet: 2-story and basement
brick building; rents $75 per month.
$5,000 — Only $1500 cash, balance can be paid
in monthly installments: new residence
Just completed on Nineteenth st, near
Castro'; contains 7 rooms, bath, yard,
etc.; every convenience.
$2S,CO0 — Large well improved corner on Fulton
et., Bhort distance from City Hall; lot
50x75; store, basement and 5 flats; rents
$11)5 per month.
$17,*X>0 — Lot 37:6x120, en Golden Gate ave.; 2
buildings of 5 flats; rents $114 per month
and can be increased; property faces
Jefferson square; this is a splendid buy.
A PARADISE
FOR CHILDREN.
* Take your youngsters
out to Parnassus
Heights. Fronts Gold-
en Gate Park, the chil-
dren's paradise.
The biggest and
grandest play ground
in all of Frisco. - Buy
a lot build a home. It
will give you and them
:- a new lease of life.
i .' . i ¦
These are splendid
lots for home sites.
near all the park at-
tractions — children's
play ground, aviary,
buffalo paddock and
recreation grounds; a
Q beautiful garden at
Soar front door.
Streets sewered and
bltumlnized; gas, water
mains and side sewers
in; cement sidewalks.;
lots ready for building;
go out to-day and see
these beautiful lots; all
park cars pass the
property.
N Maps and full infor-
mation at our office.
Also agents at our new
office on the grounds,
corner Seventh ave.
and II st; open every
day, including Sundays
and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST. ¦ /
BOVEE. TOY & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
117 Montgomery st., Opp. Occidental Hotel.
$35,000— Mason St.; right down town; elegant
S.E. corner; elie 47:6x80; impts. con-
sist of stores and flats; income $200 mo.
$37,500— Geary st, close to Powell; large lot
with old Impts.
$25,000 — Pays over 6 per cent net on the ask-
ing price; large 2-story and basement
brick bldg. in wholesale district; lot
51x137:6 feet.
$20,000— O'Farrell st, close to Gough; three
brand new up-to-date flats of 8 rooms
and bath each: lot 25x112 :C ft; rents
$lt'O per month.
$300— Lot 82:6x100 ft, N". W. cor. of 46th
ave. and O st. Sunset District, right
on Ocean boulevard.
$6,&C0 — Choice Masonic ave. residence of 10
rooms and bath; modern in every re-
spect: lot 25x125 feet.
$11,000 — Two handsome new flats of 7 rooms
and bath each: on choicest part cof
Green St.; lot 25x137:6 ft; rents $10O,
per month. .
$12,500 — Broadway residence of 14 rooms and
bath; in sDlendld condition throughout;
lot 43x120 ft.; lot alone is worths the
money asked.
$13,500^ — Post St.. near Franklin, north side;
two modern flats, lr/'er of 7 rooms and
upper of 12 rooms &>id bath; rents $100
per month: lot over 30 feet frontage.
$12,500— Sacramento St., close to Polk; two ele-
gant flats of 8 and 9 rooms and bath;
rents $85 per month; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.
$4,000 — Tehama st. near Fourth; rents $36
per month; four good flats; lot 25x75 ft.
$9,500— Thlrteejith Bt, near Fillmore, close to
. Duboce Park; three brand new flats of
It rooms and bath; lot 25x100; Income
. $83 per month.
$4,<KX) — Natoma st.. near 11th; rents $34 per
month; two good houses of 6 rooms and
bath each.
$2,000— Walter at. lot, opposite Duboce Park;
an elegant location for flats; lot 25x125.
17,000 — Sacramento St.. north side, near Fill-
more: choice pair of fiats containing C
and 7 rooms and bath each; in first-
class condition; modern plumbing; rents
$5.") per month; lot 25x128 feet.
$7,750 — Washington St., near FUJmore; north
cide; modern residence of 9 rooms and
bath; rent $W> per mo-nth.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY & CO.. 117 Montgomery st
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO. 648 MARKET STREET.
$10,500 — Reduced >to force sale; on account of
heavy incumbrance; owner positively
must sell at once; beautiful residence,
•which cost over $20,000; on Pine st;
large lot, 38:9x137:6; 12 rooms; billiard
room, reception hall, etc.; large garden,
beautiful plants and palms; heavy
mortgage can remain.
$26,600— Modern Western Addition flats on
Page et; rents $2040; large lot, 35x
137:6.
$80.000— NE. corner, 60x74, on Second st. close
to Market: a great buy.
$3,500 — Rents ?432; 2 fine flats;- well built;
good plumbing: Twenty-flrst st, near
Harrison; lot 25:6x100.
$1,700 — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath; good
condition; good plumbing; -on Glover
st, near Jones and Pacific; rents $193.
$7,250 — 2 modern, up-to-date flats and a cot-
tage of 3 rooms; Scott St., near Girls'
High School; rents $810; one of the best
buys on the market.
$22,000—30x120; N. side of Ellis st, near Lar-
kln.
$4,000 — Handsome new modern residence, 0
rooms and bath: Anhbury Heights;
beautiful view overlooking Golden Gate
Park.
$4,600— Rents $000; 4 flats and stable, near
Sixth and Folsom sts.
$7,000—3 flats; cottage of 6 rooms; rents $822;
, on Filbert st, near Mason. .
$3,650 — 4 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; rents $504; near Third st; lot
fronts on 2 streets; buildings in good
condition.
S5 coo — Make offer; 3 flats near California and
Fillmore sts.; rents $330; lot SO-ft. front;
can be further improved: a snap.
$6,250 — Modern 2-story residence. 8 rooms;
porcelain bath; excellent condition; De-
visadero St.. near Haight; lot 25x125.
We advertise an • entirely different, list of
properties in the other morning papers.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 048 Market st
BARGAINS— JAMES G. JONES.
28 Montgomery st.
$S700 — Corner store and 2 flats, In Mission; 4
and 0 r. and ¦ b. ; nearly new and well
built; forced sale.-
$5000 — Lyon st, nr. Post; 2 fine flats, 5 and 6
r. and b.
$2550— N. side McAllister Et, E. of Lyon;
graded lot. 25x100.
$2800— Beautiful Waller and Frederick st
lots; fine views and fine *uys.
$2800 — Exquisite marine view; new 6-r. cot-
tage; lot 62x120.
See separate lists in other papers to-day.
JAMES Q. JONES. 20 Montgomery ax. ,
SAX FMAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: op«n
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BilANCII OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
ecrner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C3U "McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
U5 Larkln -treet: open until 0:30 p. m.
ZW1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. tn.
loao Valencia -treet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky street*: open until 9 p. m.
22O0 Flllmore Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
REAL ESTATE-CITY — FOR SALB.
SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st., opp. Kearny,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
BATTER Y-ST. INVESTMENT
$155,000— Battery st.. one block from Market.
100 feet frontare; want ofttr! a -rare
11 PER CENT NET 1* VE , S 3*ENT. ,,.
$150,00o-Modern six-etory brl clc building.
leased $1145 per month: assuming
mortcage $75,000; investment pays .11
? er leut r.«; lot 60x137 :« f«t; will
take part exchange ; want oK>r.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$140.000— Half block from Market end Mason
ets.: modern six-story brick and Iron
building- ctore. 100 rooms and bath;
t«?nt $!*K>: leased with cash security;
' lot 35x130. f
SUTTE.R ST.
$75,000— €8:0x137 :«>: orpoMte Hotel Pleasan-
t*m: marniflcent eite for hotel, apart-
ment-house or office bulldlte: Sutter
et. property close by has recently sold
at $1300 per front foot: make offer.
FOURTH ST. TRANSFER CORNER.
$00,000 — UuF'.nes* property; 75x100 lett; store*
and rooms above; pays about 1 per
cent ntt
LARK1N ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
J53.U00 — Very bett -corner; £7:6 frontare: fine
building. stores and lodginr-house;
always rented.
ClXSTEfiN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,CfO— Annual rents $5172: beautiful modern
builii:r.g; lot S7xS5; pays over 10 per
cent.
NORTHWEST CORNER. •
$50 000 — 137:6xl37:<>: substantial Improve-
ments: Insured -for $20,000; mortgage
$30,0W at 5"S per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net.
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$48,000—1'* Mocks fretp Market st.; 47 feet
front- cheaj>cst -downtown corner to be
ha J liear Market st. ; a chance to make
a turn at good advance.
POLK-FT. BUSINESS PROPERTY. •
$20.000— Polk st.; stores and : lodging-house;
'.ot 3Oxll*> feet: rents $155; no better
buy for the money. ¦ '
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
$19,000— Store and fiats; new baMdlng; lot
27:6x100; rents $1C4,
$1S.OO<>— Vicinity Haight . end Scott: CS:9x
137.fi; tine improvements; rents $140- a
month.
GOLDEN GATE PARK— 'FLATS.
JIS.OVO— Lot 50x137:0; fine, substantial flats;!
facing: polden Gate Park; rents 51W; i
can be Increased.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17.500 — Choice location; 14 rooms and baths;
6 bedrooms; lot 39x137:6 feet.
$16,500— Yearly rents $1770; 3" modern flats;
Post st.; 2 frontages.
F1LLMORE-ST. CORNER.
$15,000 — Corner Flllmore and Lombard sts.;
137:6x120 feet; 3 frontages; want offer;
Lombard st- bituminix«d. from Van
Ness s-.e. to Presidio.
$7,0C0— Three good flats In Mission; rent $65
a month.
56,500 — Thr^e fine flats, vicinity Eighteenth
and Castro; rents $58 a month; lot
25x125.
$5,250 — Fifth and Clementina; fine front and
rear lmjirovements; 1 tared two years at
$600 a year.
$5,000 — Four rood fiats in Mission; always
rented at $4S a month.
$5,500 — Washington st..' near BOruee; 6Ox
127 :?"•>«; worth 59000; want cfTer.
$2,C50 — New cottape In Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1,400 — Corner lot. near Golden Gate Park;
25xlC0 feet.
SPECK tk. CO..
C«7 Market st
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP. MILLS BLDG.
BARGAIN.
MUST BE 6OLD.
CHEAPEST PROPERTY IN CITY.
GRAND NEW CORNER. .
NEAR FILLMORE ST.
$17,500 — Rents $2172; all rented: 8 new up-
to-date flats: light and sunny; electric
lights, tinted walls, frescoed ceilings;
contractors pressing owner for money,
hence th;» enormous tacrlflce; any
offer submitted.
FORCED SALE TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$9,250 — Rents $1000: 44 feet fronting en a
park and running back to 'rear street,
with <i light and sunny flats (cost $12,-
000); good condition; flush toilets,
brick foundation; choice south of Mar-
ket location.
ATTRACTIVE FLATS NR. DUBOCE PARKi
$12,500— Rents H36S; r.l feet frontage'; 6 well
built Kay-windowed flats:. cost $14,000
to bu!U; choice progressive location. •
6NAP ON THIRTEENTH ST.
$6,500— Rents $C00; ran be raised- to $690;
two attractive flats. 5 and 6 rooms;
basement- ¦
SELECTED LIST OF CHEAPEST PROP-
ERTIES FORCED UPON THE MARKET
BY IMMEDIATE NEED OF MONEY.
$5,000 — Southeast ccr. on Brannan et., 25x
IW; store and flat and house; rents
$552. .
$7.500 — Rer.t* $720; Burhar.an st. nr. Sutter; i
porcelain bath, tiled manfis. etc.
$2,500 cash — Attractive bay-windowed resi-
dence; 8 room*; Steiner st. ; $2 000-
„ „ H"" 11 " 1 * 4^ c *« remain at 6 per cent
Jo,2jO— Pine st: modprn bay-windowed real-'
dence; * rooms and bath.
$2.2^0— Must be sola ; 2-story hou-e. 0 rooms
and cottage, 5 rooms; Harriet Et.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
>0.» Montgomery st.. opp. Mills Bldg.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST CO
*..*„- 410 MONTGOMERY ST
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
commodious Quarters in
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
WHAT IS TITLE INSURANCE? The cuar-
ant^e of the CALIFORNIA TITLE INSUR-
ANCE AND TRUST CO. protects purcha^r,
of property and mortgages against risks
which, thoug-h remotr. always attend real ee-
tate transactions. The most experienced law-
yer may «rr. especially where the law is un-
determined and fraud Is an clement of danger.
THERE IS HUT ONE WAY TO ATTAIN
PERFECT fc*curity in purchasing land or tak- r
In* a mortca^e on rral estate and that is- to
ba.ve the title Insured.
THE ONLY PAN FRANCISCO TITLE IX-
FURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
title, like modem plant* of New York. Boston
Chicago and Eastern cities ; reasonable rates'-
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES;
WILLIAM ALVOKD.
rr-Kidenl Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP. :
Vice Prca. Bank nf California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Ealfour. Guthrle & Co
HENRY L. DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. I*. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Ang-lo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY,
Olney & Olney, Att'ji and ' Counselors
CHARLES PAGE.
P«e. McCutchen & Knight. Atfys.
A T. 8POTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. C30 California st
DID YOU SEE IN FRIDAY'S PAPER
ABOUT THE
THE. GREAT ROCK ISLAND RAILROAD
GOING TO MAKE ITS
WESTERN TERMINUS AT POINT
RICHMOND?
BUY LOTS NOW WHICH WILL DOJ7BLE
IN VALUE.
SANTA FE TRACT. ¦«.
$5 PER MONTH. ALL LEVEL
SIDEWALKS. STREETS GRADED.
McEtVEN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
POLE AGENTS.
$1000— BARGAIN 1n fifteen-acre ranch; 1»J
miles from Napa: all fenced: house, barn,
windmill, orchard, fine chicken ranch;
terms if desired.
McEWEX BROS. 113 Montgomery gt
JOSEPH STRAUB. G3O MARKET ST.
£10.000 — Wertern Addition; income property; 3
flats: 6. C. 7 rooms; annual Income $1140;
lot 25x106:3; eood investment
$s.500— Kutwtautial building of 3 nice flats;
fine location; rents annually $942.
$2.7(rf> — House rf 2 flats and attic: basement;
rear house; vicinity Mason and Filbert rts.
$3,O00— Nice S-room. bay-window cottage; bath,
etc.: brick foundation ; elegantly finished In-
terior; parquet floors; lot 25x114.
*TOR sale — A* a whole or tn subdivisions; 50-
vara lot: ffouth l:ne Union St.. 137:6 feet east
ot Pierce; lot northeaet corner Green and .
Pierce *t«. ; lot 103:flxl37:6 feet inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Kstate Broker,
221 Sansozae st J
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FO R a ALB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$100,000— To close an estate: Market St.; rents
$4210 per annum; .30x80, 3-story and
basement brick bulldinc. .. ,,, „
$70,000— Misplon ft. water lot; 4o:lOxi3T.«,
rents $41*00 per annum.
« 27 000 Rent* $2400 per annum: corner lot on
OTarrell Ft.; 3 elegant new modern
flats; 3OiS7:6.
?20,000— Fine bueiness Investment, near Cali-
fornia and Montgomery sts.; brick im-
provements; rents $1C6O per annum;
large lot, 2 frontages* *»„ ,
$10.000— Rents $1800 per annum; 3 elegant
modern flat-; sunny side of Sutter si.;
27:6x112. "„ ,-
$17.500— Rents $1572 per annum; Folsom st;
6 flats and house; brick foundations,
etc.; C2:Cxl20.
$15.000— Rents $1404 per annum; fine business
corner near Fifteenth and Market;
nearly new Improvements; store, flat
and cottage: large lot.
$11,000 — Rents $WX> per annum; Folsom st
business property; store and 2 flats;
25x80.
$10,600 — Rents $960 per annum: fine Invest-
ment on Golden Gate ave. : 2 substan-
tial bay window houses, 8 rooms and
bath each: 30x100.
$9,000— Rents $U30 per annum; near Haight
and Webster sts.: 3 substantial sunny
flats, 7-6-6 rooms and bath each ; 25x100.
$8,000 — On Main St.. near Fourth and Bran-
nan; store and 2 flats; 25x100; rents
$036 ter annum.
$7,000 — Rents $S10 per annum: fine Western '
Addition investment; 2 flats and cot-
tage; 25x90.
$6,750 — Rents $64S per annum; Leavenworth ,
st; 4 houses: lot 80- foot front.
$6.600— Overlooking the park; corner 100x100;
cheap.
$6,000 — Rents $8S8: near Sixth and Mission
sts.; 3-story house, IS rooms and rear
house; 25xS0.
$5.200 — Corner near Fifth and Harrison sts.;
well lmDrovrd: rents $450 per annum.
$4,600 — Business property on Ninth st.; store
and house; rents $300 per annum;
25x100.
$4,350 — Rents $570 per annum; 2 flats and
rear house near Sixth and Harrison
sts.; 25x112.
. $3,250 — Very cozy Richmond home; Califor-
nia st.: house. 8 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements.
$2,000 — Coxy Mission home; cottage and lot
25x114.
For full particulars of the above, and for
the Real Estate Record containing a list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city,
. inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st
. Real estate agents and auctioneers.
MeAFEE BROTHERS.
1C8 MONTGOMERY ST.
- LEAVENWORTH.
. Large lot 67:Cxl37:6. with fine old resi-
,-ence; rents for $90 monthly; beautiful site
to Improve now or later; price $15,000.-
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
ON EASY TERMS.
A FINE CHANCE.
To secure a beautiful marine view lot over-
locking Golden Gate and the ocean; on main
driveway to Sutro Heights; gas and water in;
etreet cars pass; these lots will soon be worth
hlg money: buy one on easy terms; prices only
$350 up to $550; you won't get this chance
again.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
On Pacific Heights; splendid new residence
commanding marine view; everything the very
best; hardwood floor; billiard room; 2 baths;
furnace, etc.; price $15.00Qa>.
MARKET ST.
53 feet on Market st. with 2 frontages; old
buildings; rent $152; a fine prospective invest-
ment.
FINE NEW FLATS. _
Near the park; 4 and 6 rooms; sunny; rtz%
$3S; price W0.
LARKIN-ST. CORNER.
Fine building corner. 35 feet frontage: sure
to increase in value; rents now for $122 month-
ly; a fine Investment: price $20,000.
' BOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Fine corner; size 55xS0; rent $126 per month;
price, $20,000.
" "WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6;
pries reduced to $2600.
CHEAP LOTS.
Looking into Golden Gate Park, one block
from Stanyan. street to b« bitumlnlzed and
paid for by owner, any size, only $64 per front
foot; car line passes; cheapest lots In the
market
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
82:7x112:6; on bitumlnlzed street; only $2250;
key lot
MCALLISTER, NEAR FILLMORE.
North side; 105x137:6. or will subdivide; fine
Investment property; price $24,000.
Send for list of cheap lots In all parts of the
dty . McAFEE BROTHERS,
103 Montgomery st
MADISON^ BCRKR ___. AGEKTg
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
0.0 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
Sacramento 6t, between Larkln and Polk;
3 houses and lot 55x118. paying large In-
come; only $16,000 asked.
Flllmere et., corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 13'i':6 feet on Flllmore: the
largest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st, 60-vara lot. corner Lyon: an ele-
gant sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view- and
best neighborhood in dty; only 530,000.
$SCOO — To close an estate; Dolores st, near
Sixteenth; 3 houses: rents $60; large lot;
iS • must sell Immediately; call for particu-
lars.
JCOOO — Folsom st. near First; 2ox75; this lo-
cation is advancing rapidly.
$9000— Hayes-Bt. investment, near Buchanan:
2 buildings: rents $08 EO per month; 27:6
xl20 to rear street.
' $5000 — Leaven worth -st. heme, near Jackson;
¦ C rooms and bath; lot.22:Gxl37:G.
$2350 — Ehotwell. near 24th st; 6 rooms and
bath; lot 22:3x122:6.
$2500 — Rents $28 per month; two houses on
Converse st, near Brysat and Eighth;
• " lot 25x75.
LOTS
$4200 — Stelner St.. near O"FarreIl; 25x109:9.
$2500— lots on Larkln, near Broadway; $100
per foot
Choice . residence lots on Sutter. Post and
Stelner sts. in sizes to suit.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Bak°r St., In sizes to suit
. Prices from $2000 upward.
MADJ&ON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st., opp. Lick House.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting' electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms
$G0 to $250— Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
¦
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave. and K st.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
{SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500. to $1000 — New lots In Sunset District
Graded and eewered. near cars. $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave., near H et.
$150 to $200— Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Misslon-st electric cars— $3 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500 — 4, 5 and 6 room modern cot-
tage- Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
Hooestead. AH bargains!
Easy terms!
BOL GET:; & SON. owners and dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle bulldlcc. ¦ r 7 • r
HAWKS & SKELTON. ~~~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$8500 — Tine house of 10 rooms and large base-
ment; Grove st.. near Fillmore; N. side;
good neighborhood.
$9000—8. side Washington, near Baker; good
house; 8 rooms, eunny garden; choice
neighborhood.
$8000— Only for 10 lots on Twelfth ave. and
B st.. between Point Lobos ave. and
Park; Twelfth ave. graded; must be sold
as a whole; a good Investment
$6500— Lot on Jackson st, near Walnut; 50x
100; will divide; near Presidio; growing
neighborhood.
$5100— Lot on S. W. corner Larkln and Lom-
bard ets.: 25x105: magnificent marine
view from every window.
$5000— Lot on &. E. corner Larkln and Gree->-
.wich sts.: W)x62:6; elegant vlew'of city
Oolden Gate and bay. *'
HAWKS * SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
DJCSIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park: bitumlnlzed streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare- chance to obtain a
holding admirably rltuated and clore to the
city at a very reasonable price; diagrams
price and all further particulars at our of-
flce. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
iNEAT and attractive Western Addition cot-
tage. $4500; term* if desired. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 048 Maxk-t at. .THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
41
ROOMS i HOPSEKESPPgO.
BUSH. 2133— Two beds and small kitchen: gas
range; running water; separate entrance...
CLAY. 1723. near Van Ness ave. — 3 or 3 rooma
for housekeeping; furnished or unfurnished.
DEVISADERO. 1500 — Three sunny unfurnished^
housekeeping rooms; running water, gas; $1-1
per month. ' . .
ERIE. 117. near Fourteenth and Howard— Two
furnished housekeeping rooms; $3. ,
FELL. 22S — Elegant suite, furnished for house.
keeping: $14; bath, gas range; adults. ¦
FOLSOM. 754. near Third — Larga sunny front
room furnished for housekeeping; gas. grate;
one smaller room; pantry, closet water.
FOURTH^ 225— Nice large housekeeping
. room; also single. : »
GOLDEN GATE are.. 409 — 3 housekeeping and
1 large sunny front room.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nlshed 1330 Polk st
HOWARD, 10C3 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished housekeeping- rooms; others.
JONES. 117 — 3 or 4 runny rooms; also one bay-
window room, with kitchen; $20.
KEARNY, 104— Sunny frcnt suite; unfur-
nished; newly papered; no children; refa.
MISSION. 1063 — Front suite, comslete for
• housekeeping; other rooms $1 6O up week.
PIERCE. 422— Sunny rurnlahed and unfur-
nished rooma for housekeeping.
SEVENTEENTH, 3321— To let. 2 nice hakpg
rooms; running water, gas^ range; adulta; ref.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — Furnlsh-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen;
gas range; all completa for housekeeping;
$15 up. ¦
TEHAMA. 43 — Two front housekeeping- rooma.
; THIRD, 113 — Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; front; firat floor; hot and cold water.
TURK. 819 — 3 rooms; handsomely furnished;
modern; refined neighborhood.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores — 2 suite*
of 3 and 4 rooms: modern: complete for
housekeeping; warm belt of Miss! en.
LARGE basement with dance floor; suitable foi
private dancing -gchool. 31S Van Ness a*e.
APARTMENTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north aide of
Pin* st, between Hyde and Leavenworth: a
superb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 3-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in. ch!n;»
closet and hat and cold water: bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and .cold
water): this price also Includes janitor ser-
vice nlzht and day and night. and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell* and Market; see these apartments
to-day. '
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unf*r».
A— , THB AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST. J
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATB HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
J WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITS' WITH BATH. SI 80 TO $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c TO $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. , ' - :•
A ASlfwORTH -
320 MASON ST.. bet Geary and CFarrsll.
.... ROOMS SINGLE AND EX SUITS. . . .
..PRI VATIC BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL.;.
SUN IN, ROOMS ALL-DAY
A— BRUNSWICK .(House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st ¦ (or No. 1
Fifth st>— Rocmr; 25c, 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night
ANTLERS, 413 Turk st— strictly modern: 4-5
room apartments; fur, or nnfur. for hskps;.
BURNKTT' 1426 Market— (old No. 1384>— Fur-
. nished roomSy suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 tills. .. cor. Masoo — Elegantly
furnfahed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 495 — Quiet furnished, sunny rooms;
single 'and In suite. .
ELLIS, ' 732— Neatly furnished room for gea-
tleman. o_ V, • '-'
ELLIS, 1000, nesfr Scott — Furnished front room
for gentiemanr$8. '
FELL, 401— Fine furnished rooms ; $10 and
$12. ¦_
FIFTH 110. second flat — Nice furnished sunny
bay-window rooma; convenient; reasonable.
i FOLSOM, S34-2Sunny furnished room; sultablo
for .gentleman*; „ ¦
FULTON. 818 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms;
ras and bath. '
GRAVED Southern," 7th and Missions-Rooms BOo
to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONB
«e Geary St.: phone Bush 9S0.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE, 1000ti, cor. Pine— Sunny furnished
room.- gentleman, ffi B0. ' '
jCEARNT, 215 — Nicely furnished rooms;
"J gentlemen preferred- . - -
MARKET, 1561 — Furnished rooms, double bed;
suitable for two men; $3; private family.
MASON 217 — Sunny rcoms; quiet, respectabls
} . house; board optional: phone Howard 269«.
N ATOM A, 1C2, corner Second — Sunny furnished
J front rooms; cheap rent.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
PINE. COO — Elegantly furnished rooms; private
•family; new flat. '
POLK. 711— Well furnished front room, closet,
$7; small room, closet. $5.
ST JAMES. McAllister and Lagttna. — Frcnt
sunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751. ¦ ' '
SUTTER. 035— Nicely furnished room to rent.
BUTTER, 1331 — 2 large famished parlors; pri-
vate bell; telephone; rent reasonable.
THB FERNDALE 7 Grant ave.— FurnJihei
bedroom snd kitchen; $5 per week.
THE FERNDALE. 7 . Grant ave. — Furnished
rooms.- $2 up: transient • -
TURK. 247— Sunny rooms; running watar.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; S5c to $1 night:
$1 75 to $8 week; elevator: electric Heats;
reading-room; free bus and baggage. •«
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ogee. 2200 Flllmom
ngOMS AXJP^OARIK^.^^^^
VAN NES3 AVE., 1714— Private boarding-
house, home like, everything flrst-class: sun-
ny suites; single rooms; choice locality.
reference. • ' » ' .-
AMOT THB 901 DSVI3ADBRO 8T.
Etrtctly flrst-class family hotel; sunny rooma,
suite or single; billiards: steam heat
FURNISHED room with two . "meata for re-
spectable young man: private German tarn-.
lly'ecC Hermann, bet. Fnimore and Stelner.
CALIFORNIA. 1210— Handsomely furnished
sunny bay-window rooms; single and en
suite; excellent table: select patronage.
STEVENSON Mansion. 807 California st— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service ; lowest rates. '
bo\RD and lodging: private family; sonny
front rooms. Call .or address 2521 Sutter st
HAYES G71 — Nice front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
$30 TABLE board for $20; only flrst-class hc-
tels; no fake. Box 2420. Call of flee.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board; low rate.
827 Mission st. ' ¦
ROOM and board: private family. Ill Twelfth
at. near Mission. ¦ '
STORAGE AXD WAJtEHOPSES^.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. : furniture,
' household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st. near Third; phone Grant 161.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage £ Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell gts.; teL Prlv. Ex., 571.
CONKLIN*S storage — Furniture and ' merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12a.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
Mission st: teL Howard 041: F.'W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllrnoro st ; phene Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
Tor -Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Forty-Two. - :
'__'"¦ "'"¦'¦¦ "-••" MEDICAL. -'¦"* ¦¦"¦-¦"---¦
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pUls
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syringe
and tablets; price, $3 00. By express only on
receipt of price. ¦ OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. ._ •
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; • 30
years' experience. 728 Post st, . near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St. QpP- 3th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
' complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market it
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
. specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN moved^-to 2995 Folsom st. cor.
. 26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness^ — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. ;25 yrs.experlence.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market st.
A maternity villa; private; secluded; confiden-
tlal. Dr.' E. Fnnke, 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 319 Powell »t, opposite
Union - square; all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tho Weekly
, i Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
. United .States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MILLIXEnT.
Ladles' Imported tt tailored hats Just In; call:
prices low to start them going: frames mad«
to fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post rt
PIAXOS AND ORGAXS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-hand
pianos for September, 1UO3:
Original
> Price. Now.
2 BARNES & SON—
Walnut cases, large size, colonial
style, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves.
equal to new $350 $27B
1 EMERSON—
Walnut case. cabinet grand,
carved panels, 7 1-3 octaves, three
pedals, in fine condition, slightly
used 450 273
1 EMERSON —
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand,
very latest desgln and finish, nearly
new 450 SCO
1 SOHMER—
Mahogany case, medium size, full
swinging desk, 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
new 500 325
1 WEBER—
Rosewood cass. fancy carved,
largest size, 7 1-3 octaves, in ex-
cellent condition 650 325
1 BRADBURY—
Rosewood case, large size, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 500 *50
1 BRADBURY—
Red oak case, ° cabinet grand,
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
- ted and equal to new 500 323
Complete list furnished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
' Corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
PERSOXALS.
A GRAPHOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friends a present Talking
machines and records .or all makes ex-
changed. We are' manufacturing headquar-
ters and our guarantee means something.
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. 125 Geary
st. 8. F.. and 468 Thirteenth st. Oakland.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox ptttlngs and scars scientifically/ re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED — 777 ladles with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and premature rrayness prevented.
(Can treat by mall. Blanks for stamp.) Con-
sultation free, 8:30 to 6; Sundays, 10 to 12.
Prof. "GEO. A. OARLOW. Specialist, room
218, 897 Market st." \
SPECIAL — Redtf-ed for the month only, home
treatment that you can use at your own
home, removing wrinkles, tan, freckles, leav-
ing skin clear tfnd smooth: to be had only at
my office. Call or write M. ELLA HARRUk
781 O'FarreU >t. U
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray balr. Im-
• proven Us growth ;stops falling ;cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cltanres scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3$5Geary.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chatn. at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 703 Fifth st., Oakland.
NOT how cheap, but how good. Is the motto ot
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the «ewln»-machlne of to-aay. J.
W. EVANB. agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter »t. : fee moderate.
DRINK Cof-farln, the best cereal coffee on
earth, rich in flavor, absolutely pure and
nourishing; composed entirely ot superior
grains and flgs.
MARRIAGE directory free to all; pay when
married; new plan; send no money. For par-
ticulars, address H. A. HORTON, Dept. 143,
- Tekonsha, Mich.
FOR 4 cents ladles can learn how to Irtsrove
complexion and enlarge bust measure 5
Inches. MAMMALENB CO., P. O. Box 2013,
San Francisco.
AFTER this date I will not be responsible for
any debts contracted by A. B. Hlnckley Jr.
¦ ¦ A. B. HINCKLEY SR.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and:
Sunday everilngs at Teutonia Hall. Howard
st, near Ninth ;. management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
THE highest price paid for ladles' or gents*
cast-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERG'8. H4A Ellis st.
-ELEGANT suits on easy installments: CO cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
PARTY with mining Interests wishes to meet
lady with means to take interest. Address
box 4120. Call office.
LADY, limited means, would like to meet gen-
tleman: object, matrimony. Box 2173, Call.
BRING your goods; will make tailored shirt
waist. $1. The Fashion. 1129 Market, bet7&3
MRS. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors. 221 Geary
ALL styles halrdresslng. 25c; hair goods: mani-
curing. 25c. G. LEDERKR, 123 'Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dre?» pants $2 60.
- Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electr.c needle. Dr.AMrs.Traverse.U70 Market
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
' country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkc
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec-
trio needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cent* — The "Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALJtISTRY.
A FEW weeks axo a woman consulted MME.
DEVAS who had consulted many of the
leading PALMISTS and ASTROLOGISTS of
the world. After MME. DEVAS had pre-
dicted the future for many, years to come she
told the woman of her past. DEVAS found
where she had KILLED A MAN. the cause,
in what State and described the conditions,
showing that she WAS JUSTIFIED IN HER
ACT. YOUR LIFE ALL COMES OUT.
PAST AND FUTURE, IN A $1 PALM
% - READING BY MME. DEVAS. My offer
to answer 3 questions closes Sept. 1; full
readings $1. MME. DEVAS. 13U Post st,
10 to 12. 1 to 6; Tues. evg.; Sun. by app't
MME. ZILLAH, -scientific palmist and card
reader; 25 years' . experience; late ot New
Zealand and Australia. S25A Post st
. U. JEROME- FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Tarler St.. near Geary. Phone Black 58L
PAPEHHAXGING. PAIXTIXG, ETC.
ROOMS papered. $8 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 8d st. ; tel. Slain 413.
rHVSICIAXS AXD SURUEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flee and residence,
1021 H Market st, bet Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; fcr
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
. cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all' diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls.
¦ eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay st
TYPEWRITERS AXD SPPPLIES.
gIrEAtTbARGAINS IN T XPEWRrTERS^W^
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
• Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 26&
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. &, M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery «t. • - • —
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Sansome.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXD REAL B3TATB. ,
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
400-462 Eighth et, Oakland.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$10,000 — Fine Broadway lot; close In; with
double front, having 4 flats; rents $60 month;
bargain. ,;: •> .. ,
TOAST YOUR TOES
This winter in front of the comfortable fire-
places of these beautiful 0 and T room houses ;
2 splendid homes with every modern ap-
pointment; well constructed; close to locals
and car lines; fine neighborhood; only $250
down, balance on terms to suit
A GRAND HOME.
$7500— This eltgant place is one of the few new
residences in the Lakeside district for sale;
contains 10 rooms exceptionally, well 'planned
and finely finished with every "convenience;
large grounds; unique but . imposing archi-
tectural design; near walk to City. Hall.
BUSINESS MAN'S RESIDENCE.
$6250 — Fine modern 2-story edifice containing 9
rooms, situated In choice location of Lakeside
district; Interior beautifully finished In oak
and redwood; frescoed ceilings; equipped with
all modern conveniences; lot 48x100; 15 min-
ute train service and 3 minutes to banking
center.
REDUCED FOR QUICK SALE,
$4100— Beautiful dwelling of 8 rooms and bath;,
commanding view; furnace, gas. etc; lot 60x
200 feet; cost $7500; terms arranged if de-
sired.
A GENUINE SACRIFICE.
$3650— Fine dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; ex-
tra well built; eorner lot: near locals and
streetcars; cost $6000; owner must sell.
INVESTMENT SEEKERS, NOTE THIS.
$2600 — Good 2-story house of u reonw; rents for
$25 per month; near 24th and Grove; this
property is rapidly enhancing; bargain. j
$2760 — 2-story house. 9 rooms and bath: corner
lot. 125x175; fine view; close to car lines; a
splendid piece of property.
$2400— $500 down, balance on terms; neat cot-
tage. 6 rooms and bath: lot SSxlOO; driveway,
cement walks; 10 minutes' walk to City Hall, j
A LARGE HOUSE CHEAP. |
$3500— Fine house, 11 rooms and bath; lot 50x
140; near cars and locals; owner must sell.
THIS WILL BE BUSINESS PROPERTY
SOON.
$1750 — Good cottage. 5 rooms and bath; close
in; 4 blocks from 10th and Washington.
$1100 — Magnificent lot. eastern slope. 50x146;
opposite 4 $10,000 homes; Oakland Heights;
cheap.
$2750- i -Elegant lot, 50x100; Lakeside district;
cannot be duplicated for the money.
$1000 — Beautiful lot, 100x125; East Oakland
Heights; bargain.
$400 each — 3 fine lots, each 50x100, situated in
rapidly growing district of Piedmont; values
Increasing. 1
$1350 — Fine corner lot on West st, 6 blocks
from Postofflce; ideal spot for flats.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
400-462 8th st.. Oakland.
FRANK P. LEE.
811 BROADWAY.
$4250 — Brand new corner Fairmont ave..
adjoining Linda Vista; side entrance; 1
rooms, basement beamed ceilings, paneled
dining-room, tinted wall*, 2 elegant man-
tels, front door oak, with bevel glass
panel; sun all day.
$3C00 — Practically new house. 6 rooms, base-
ment, driveway; lot 85x135; very de- '
elrable; between Grove and Telegraph;
close in. * -"•*•**«.-
$2800 — New colonial. 7 rooms, on Grove st. ;
Immediate possession; owner frolng away.
$2250 — NW. corner on Moss ave. ; modern, 6
rooms; nice lot. 60x100; sunny.
$2000 — Corner Grove and 50th; tnodern cottage,
6 rooms, - basement, laundry: lot 40x120;.
must be sold; offer considered.
$2S0O— Modern, extra well-built cottage, 6
rooms, basement; In excellent condition,
on Union !*.. within call limits; lot 30x
is-'- ; j
$9000— NW. corner 11th and Webster, 50x75, '
opposite Produce Exchange: offer wanted.
1 $7500 — Genuine bargain in San Pablo ave.
business property; Income $000 per year. -
payable In advance; can be Increased; lot !
55x137. ¦ 1
FRANK P. LEE,
911 BROADWAY.
$100 CASH and $GO per month secures a mag-
nificent colonial S-room house, finished In
curly redwood; open and nickel plumbing: j
lot 50x141; elegant marine view; 1910;
Eleventh ave. Open for lnsoectlon dally j
from 9 to 5; take street car at Eighth and '
Broadway.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE W, AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway,, Oakland.
$3730 — REDUCED from $450O for a quick sale;
new colonial house of 7 rooms and bath;
all toodern; 2 blocks to the local station,
schools and cars; accepted street, near
business center; only $500 cash, balance '
mortMge; a rare opportunity to secure
a fine home at a low price and easy
terms.
J. S. MYERS or OKORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
A RARE opportunity for manufacturing; situ-
ated near 23d ave. ; all the bullclincs, realty
and machinery; will tell either separately or
as a whole; with a good supply or raw ma-
terial on hand; orders enough on hand at I
the present time to keep double the number
of hands working the season thixuch: this
is a rare chance and can be had at a snap
figure. Call at once on
I THOMAS W. JEFFRESS,
1107 Twenty-third ave.,
! ¦-¦ : Kai-t Oakland.
TWO SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~~~
A beautiful home in, Frultvale. commanding
one of the beet views in Alameda County. An
abundance of fruit trees, modern house, con-
taining V rooms, bath and 2 reception halls.
New barn; windmill and tank of 6000 gallons
capacity. To make a quick aale this prop-
erty Is now offered for $4000.00.
Administrator's sale. 160 acres of the best
grain land in San Joaquin Valley. Good res-
idence, barn, windmill and tank. Worth
twice the asking price of $3500.00.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY,
Oakland Office — No. 1010 Broadway.
San Francisco ¦ Office — Room 32 2d floor.
MI1U Building, S. F.
$200 CASH— Monthly payment as low rent;
f cottage, 4 rooms and bath, pantry, closets;
front and back veranda; rustic; barn; good
well or water; chicken run and shed; Al
soil; away from fogs and raw winds; close
to cars; Town Hall, school and church; nice
Kariitn and flowers; cozy home; 2 lots, 64x
100; all fenced In; In a fast growing settle-
ment, adjoining East Oakland; price all told
$950. Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh
et, opi>. Broadway station, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, land owner.
JUST WHAT YOU WANT.
GOOD MODERN HOME ON OAKLAND
HEIGHTS.
House has parlor, dining-room, hall, kitchen,
large pantry, four bedrooms; will be sold for
$3750; house rents for $30 and would rent for
$55 month; close to crosstown line; only $3 to
San Francisco, m'onthly commutation. See this.'
JAMES S. NAISMITH,
¦ 464 Twelfth st.
FOR SALE. " :>--.-,. . .
$8506 — 2 fine flats, 7 rooms each; modern in
every way; 2 blocks from the business
center of O.-Ucland;' paying over 9 per cent
on lnvestnunt; must be sold; owner Is a
non-resident.
C. K. MARSHALL, 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
$7500 FOR elegant residence In Highland Park*
East O&kland. that Cost $15,000; lot 300x112;
Vt entire block; covered with choice shrub-
bery; lemon trees ir. full bearing; away from
fogs and cold winds; improvements first class;
electric cars to the place; this fine property
must be sold; owner in Europe. E. BISHOP
4€0 Tenth st, Oakland. . ;, ,\
$40,000— BRICK building In the very, business
center of Oakland,, paying 0 per cent net:
' clear of all taxes. Insurance and repairs;
¦ under guaranteed lease; property cost $05,-
000. I must sell Immediately. Address
Owner, box 818, . Call office, Oakland. .
NEW modern house, 0 rooms. 857 Thlrty-ser-
enth st. near Syndicate new bank. Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg:, San Fran-
clsco. for Oakland, Berkeley or rural homes.
FRDITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALB REAL ESTATE.
3. V. MATTESON. ~": v .
Frultvale ave., near East Fourteenth it.,
Frultvale, Cal.
Phone Brook
PROSPECTIVE BUYERS OF HOMES WILL
DO WELL TO SEE FRUITVALB BEFORE
LOCATINO ELSEWHERE. OUR CLIMATE
IS ACKNOWLEDGED THE BEST.' WE
HAVE GAS, ELECTRICITY. CITY WATER.
SEWERS, GOOD STREETS, FINE SCHOOLS
AND EXCELLENT CAR SERVICE TO OAK-
LAXD, ALAMEDA, BERKELEY AND SAN
FRANCISCO AT Go FARE.
$3, TOO— 7-room house, corner lot 145 feet front
by 110 feet deep; 1 block from electric
car; near school and station; fine garden;
this is a bargain.
$3.000 — 5-roora Swiss cottage on Frultvale ave.,
near station and school; lot 40x130; au-
perb location; beautiful yard.
$1.000— 3-room cottage! lot 75x270; well of
water; a good placo to raise chickens;
email amount down, balance $'J per
month. V: ¦¦,'; .'-;.;
$2.400— 5-room cottage; lot 34x125: 1 block
from station; gas, electricity, city water,
porcelain bath, tiled sink, high basement;
chicken house and yards; a flno home at
very reasonable terms.
$2.400 — 5-room cottage, story and a half: let
50x170 ; n»ar school and electric cars;
fine yard, barn, chicken house and yards;
excellent location; north eide of street
$3,100— Croom cottage, centrally located: lot
GCxl50; high basement, fruit trees,
flowers, lawn, windmill, large tank, fine -.
water: house alone worth the money. ¦
£3,300— Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms: cne-half
block from car line; lot 41x150; barn,
chicken yards, pigeon fly, rabbitry; beau-
tiful shrubs, Cowers and lawn; a perfect
home In every respect.
$3,000— 0-room bouse; lot 50x150; fruit, flowers,
lawn, chicken yards; built to convert
into fiats; good residence location.
$2, 400 — 5-room oottaee; lot 50x135; high base-
ment, gas, electricity, porcelain bath,
fine mantel, tilted sink, china closet,
shades, light fixtures; a modern home In
every detail.
I have Just secured one of the finest resi-
dence blocks in Frult\-ale — macadamized
street city water, gas, electricity, sewer,
etc. Nothing but good residences to b« placed
on this block. If you want a home in this
block I will furnish the plan, buUd it for
you and make the terms easy.
¦
J. V. MATTESON,
FrultTale ave.. near East Fourteenth it,
Frultvale, Cal.
H. A. PLEITNER Frultvale Station
Chicken ranch of 3 acres IS bearing fruit;
1 house of 4 rooms, 2 barns, 10 chicken
houses; for rent at ?12 50 per month;
stock, fixtures, furniture for sale; also
200 chickens, 80niucks, 2 pi«*. bcrse, har-
neEsand waroii^ wire fencing, one Incu-
bator, one brooder and all for SfCOO.
$1100 — For nale. In Oakland, cozy cottage of 3
large rooms and basement; lcrze stable;
city water; lot H0xl33; $100 cash and $14
per month. *
?HI0 — Cottage of 4' rooms; also rocms fur-
nished in basement ;. good well, windmill
andvtank, nice stable, 2 chicken houses,
' -> wagon *hed, 29 fruit trees; lot 100x100.
$1350—^Modern cottage of 4 rooms
o and bath; lot 3£xl20; garden in full bloom:
half block from Fruitvale ave.; a small
sum" 1 down, bal. can remain on mortgage.
VI 700 — Nice 4-room cottage, colonial style; 50x
0 100; 2 phort blocks from Fruitvale station:
easy terms. ¦
$1075— For sales in East Oakland, cozy 3-room
cottage and bath, fronting on car line.
$1650- J Modern Cottage of 6 rooms; 2 rooms
finished In basement; nice ttable. fruit
t^ees. chicken houses; lot 33x225; all
0 fenced; $150 ca*h, balance same as rent.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvalo Station.
$2000 — NEW cottage of 5 rooms and bath; all
o_ moc^rn; ftt 4Oxil8; street work and side-
walks all complete.
o $950 — 3-roum cottage; good location; lot 50x
2C0. o
JEFFRESS & CO.,
1167 Twenty-third ave., East Oakland.
¦OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3R0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
&3EE this; owner going away; pretty, coxnfort-
1 able Eastlake cottage; home of 9 rooms <5
rcoms on the main floor and 3 below); bath,
bay-window, hot and cold water, hall. 2
toilets, brick foundation, high basement with
(¦(tncr.t Hoor in the entire, and all lighted
with electricity; this place can be very con-
venien'c;/ used for either one or two families;
note the size cf. this lot. 50x125 feet, above
the street grade, high and dry and sunny
Bide of the street; sun all day; drive way
and plenty of room for *> barn; an abundance
of fruit trees and berries; nice garden and
lawn In front and aroun<I the house; chicken
jj*rd and houses; street work all done and
stone walks laid; fine, well 43 feet deep and
fcrce pump: also city water supply, fine ele-
vation, warm, sheltered location; quiet and
healthful; good neighborhood and model sur-
roundings among which to raise your family;
this property is in the very best residence
location along Telegraph avenue; close to
schools, oihurches and electric line; full
price oniy $3500; house alone Insured for
$3000 and policy will be transferred to the
buyer; part cash and balance $30 per month.
O or liberal discount for a quick cash sale; no
mortgage on this property; title perfect end
guaranteed; you don't get a chance like this
every day; I<v-k it up now If in search of a
bargain: open to-day from 12 to 2 p. m.
$20 per month on the property and only 0
per cent Interest buys a new modern home
of S rooms; porcelain hath and sink, laundry,
sanitary plumbing, gas and electric lighting;
sunny fide of the street fronting electric line
and within walking distance of local trains
of San Francisco; choice residence location;
street work all dene; stone walk all laid;
open lawn in front; or will rent for ?30 per
month; small first payment required If sold;
Investigate at once; an exceptional chance
rto f^t a home on payments like rent.
$1750 — Renting far $21 0 per annum; two
cottages on the sunny side of the street,
down town.
$200 down, $20 per month, near San Pablo
avenue, cottage of 5 rcoms; the full price
Is only $1300.
Send for printed list of houses for sale and
for rent
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
Telephone Main 132.
WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway.
Oakland Real Estate.
I $300— Fine building let. 40x125. near lake. In
Peralta Heights; commands fine view;
nice location.
$1000 — Telegraph-ave. corner lot, 52:0x110; flno
site for home.
$3250— Brand new 6-room bungalow cottage,
near town; terms can be arranged.
$3500 — New modern' 9-room 2-story bouse;
large lot; near Telegraph ave.; easy
terms.
Proi>«rty to Exchange.
$7500 — Fine larre home made Into flats: 16
rooms in all: large grounds: rent -for
$57 50 per month: electric light; large
barn; mortgage $4000; will exchange, for
equity, either cottage In Oakland. Ala- i
meda or Berkeley or country property.
WILLIAM P. TODD, 1070 Broadway.
Oakland, Cal.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1 1052 Broadway, cor. Eleventh st.
$1,250— Fine eunny lot, 50x100. near Clinton
Station; street work complete; a good
house will rent or sell readily in this
location.
$1,250 — NE. corner on Broadway, 50x125 feet;
very near main line to new Santa Fe
ferry; sure to advance in value.
$L800— Elegant residence lot, 60x140, on 80-
foot street, north side; street work all
done; in good renting or celling loca-
o tlon: near local and electric lines; easily
worth $2250.
$15.000 — Good investment; choice NE. corper,
lot 104x111. 2-story building, containing
3 stores and hall above; part of lot used
for coal yard; present rents $100- per
month ; at small expense property . can
be made to pay $150 per month.
J.-H. MACDONALD & CO. .>T; '
HOUSE 6 rooms, etc.; .modern: 857 37th st.
. near Syndicate bank and station; a private
loan at your own terms of payment Address
BulU er, 831 CCth it, Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
"WOODWARD. ! WATSON ¦ & CO.,
J: ':: Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
— " 1172 Broadway, cor. 14th Bt.
.vA?! : NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
• NOW IS THB TIME TO BUT.
VALUES ADVANCING EVERY DAY.
VALUES ADVANCING EVERY DAY.
$1SOO — Cozy 6-room cottage on east side Howe
Bt. ; all modern; fruit, berries, etc.; close
to cars and school.
$2300— Neat little cottage of 3 rocms; large
lot, Wx21C; chicken houses; windmill and
tank.* In Piedmont. Cars pass the door.
$3000 — On East Oakland Heights : fine new
modern home of 8 rooms and hath ; large
lot and fine view.
1 $3200— Cheap; good two-etory house of 8 rooms
and bath, on Peralta st. ; high basement;
lot 36x105; foreclosure.
$3500— Fine two-story house of 0 ! rcoms and
bath, on Tenth st/ close to school; only
S minutes' walk to local trains; lot 40x110.
$4500 — Splendid two-story house of 0 rooms, on
Adeline st. between Tenth and Twelfth;
stable; nice lot, 50x125.
$5000— Excellent home on Castro it; house
contains S rooms and bath; every con-
. venlcnce; private water supply on prem-
ises; lot 28x100; a barealn.
$5350— On the sunny side of the street, be-
tween Telegraph and Grove; fine modern
home of 9 rooms and bath; large lot,
60*153.
HOMES TO BE PROUD OF.
HOMES TO BE- PROUD OF.
, IN EAST OAKLAND. CLOSE TO LOCAL.
IN EAST OAKLAND. CLOSE TO LOCAL.
' These homes are on the Tubbs Hotel site.
There is nothing finer being offered In the city
at -the same prices. Houses contain 7 and 8
rooms each and have every modern conven-
ience. Prices range from $1250 to $5250.
Salesman on the Ground Daily.
1:30 to 5 x>. m.
Sunday by Appointment.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
ll;2 Broadway, cor. 14th St..
Oakland.
OAKLAND HOPSES TO LET.
$100^ — Beautiful large 13-room house of 2VS sto-
ries; only 2 blocks from Washington st.
and local train stations; good for doctor
or boarding and ledging-house; best large i
house in Oakland; right in the heart of
town; call immediately/ / -
GEO. H. VOSE. Real Estate,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
BEFORE moving get my printed list of houses ;
to let. G. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway.
OAKLAND FUHMSHED HOUSES.
$20— PARTLY furnished house In Kast Oak-
land of 8 rooms and bath; only 2 blocks to
local train station.
GEO. H. VOSE, Real Estate,
HIS Broadway, Oakland.
O AK L AX 1^ Fl^ X rry R E^ FOR SApjE.
TOOJOaKOw'liiTl a y for bargains in furn£ i
ture. H. Sehellhaas, 11th st.cor. store.Oaklnd
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VAUEY REAL ESTATE. °
TAKE a trip to Mill -Valley to-day with your
wife and children. The ride on the boat to
Sausallto will be very pleasant. Arriving
at Sausalito you take the new 3-rail electric
road (the only. one on the coast); rides like a
Pullman . car and makes the time to Mill
Valley. in nine minutes. You will enjoy the
trip and the natural beauties of Mill Valley. ;
Incidentally we would Itke to have you look
at the lota in the Hunnyslde Tract, which are
right at the terminus of the new electric
road. These unequalcd traveling facilities
are bound to add greatly to the value of land
' in Mill Valley. You cannot lose if you buy '
one or more lots. They now vary in price
from $6 to $16 a foot, extra deep." Never
will be less, and In fact are bound to be
worth more. The terms are only 10 p«r cen t
down and balance In $10 monthly Install-
ments. Don't delay this trip, as the lots are
selling very fast. Over 00 have already been
¦old. Prices will be advanced shortly. Call
or send for our Illustrated and descriptive
booklet Agent on the grounds Sundays.
LYON & HOAO. 110 Montgomery st.
M U S I C AL ifXS TRIJ3I^E XT S .
A NEW collection of some of our. special bar- :
gains: ." Heine, $105, $237. $305; 1 Heine
mahK. baby grand, $725; I Conover upright,
Italian walnut, new, $2Gfl; 1 Behr Bros.,
Han Domlnj-o mahsr.. upright, new, $247; 1
Mason & Hamlin, new burl walnut, $285;
1 Krell. small sice, dark mahg., almost new, j
$295; 1 Singer, slightly used, $1C5; 2 Kteln-
way, large and small uprlghta, ?IC5. $323;
Chlclcering upright, gapd condition. $159, 1 '
FllHher upright, $57; 1 Collard upright, $30;
Sherman & Hyde upright. $115; 3 slightly
used piano players. $iM). $lh3, $2W>. Organs —
3 Mason & Hamlin, $25, $45, $47; 20 others
from $10 up; pianos rented 52 up, apply on
purchase price; Installments $1 up; cash dis-
count If paid in two years.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.
Largest exclusive piano house of the West.
Agents for the Gabler, Krell, Steger, H,eine,
Singer, etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new, $135. 237 Geary st.
6TEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$105; a gr'.-at bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW BARGAINS IN USED PIANOS.
Alovan upright $50
F. L. Neuman $125
Newby & Evans $175
Wllscn $225
Splelman & Company $250
Hyron Mauzy (email walnut case) $:l00 :
Uj-ron Mauzy (large mahogany care).... *373 :
Kohmer & Co. (small walnut case) $iC0
Sohmer & Co. (large mahugany case)... S45O
Hazel ton Bros., b«by grand $550
Sohmer & Co. (Bijou Hmall grand) $050
EASY TERMS IF DESIRED.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
A CHANCE to get a good piano for a small
sum and then exchange for a better one,l>y
and by Is what we offer you. ¦
Our payments are cany and the quality of
the instruments all risrht. • Some as low as
$50. THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO., '
7tiU Market st.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal . we will sacrifice any In-
strument for caah or. Installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at ones. KOHLER
& CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 O'Farrell.
A FEW upright bargains frpm $70 up, compris-
ing such makes as Chickering, Jaeobson,
Vose, Sterling, Knabe, Fischer, Schwechten,
Weser, Schuman and others; eany payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st; no
branches In gan Francisco. ¦ ' '.
BAND Instruments ; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
FOR "sale— An- elegant upright Sohmer piano,
$350. Apply 2220 Howard st.
BARGAIN— Standard make upright; good con-
dltlon. 8CHMITZ A CO.. 1G McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead'a Storage. 1630 Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright-piano:
. perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell. j
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per i
cent. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister st
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
'• player. BYRON MAUZY, 808-312 Post at.
tVPERIOR, violins, althers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AJfD STORES TO LET.
SUNNY front office or desk room ; open Sun-
day. 850 Market st. room 5. **
"~~7~~ ¦ LOFTS TO LET. . - ; .
LOFT to lease— «56 Mission st., NW." corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 sauare feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator seanice; wilt lease
for a term; rent reasonable. •- SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE & CO..i218-220 Montgomery st,
Mills bulldins.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
-..- PERKELEV KEAL ESTATE.
'«• %L~ °? t0 400 fwt abov * «* »•»•»: best
*T* er^ a c , St r la «h* world: drainage perfect:
. 1 i°* 11 - T - • oclal Jr and morally; atmosl
/>i-ene here Is healthful, stimulating the young
.0 n:aive the racst of matchless opportunities
*o gain an education; mile limit law that
s..uts out the saioon; population has trebled
US the .art veven jrars. If you want to
*now mor« about Berkeley with a view of
obtaining a home here, roe ALLEN & EL-
J-i». They sr« just noT ,' offering eome ex-
cert^nnJ barselns. of which the following
arc examples: *
$C0O— Lot BOxlSO: paved streets; north of
t ,,_. As r hb y. «ast cf Fulton.
1 r<>o:ns : modern; nearly new; lot 40x
,,«_, 1# ' 5 : 3 blocks from cars.
$15.5— Laree corner lot; 3 good building lots;
fifrhtly located: central: only 8 blocks
fr °» K- C.; see this at once.
»-soo — 4 rooms; nearly new; nice condition;
?»,^ tIlc **' rn P 1^'*)'-!*; cloce In.
,-~10C — c rooms; nearly new; in good condi-
tion; paved Btre*t; near Aehby.
v-400 — Six-room and deep lot; near Berrymaa
station.
$3000^ — Seven rooms; colonial; new; sightly lo-
cation; convenient to university and sta-
tion.
$3750^ — Eight rooms; modern: cedar finished;
r.ice halls; nearly new; fine location; near
Is; price cut; see this at once.
$1500 — Eight rooms; new and strictly up to
da*e; fine location; convenient to unlver-
Blty.
$*&CK> — Ten rooms; handsome, modern home;
nearly new; in perfect condition; larga
§lot: r.'.ca location; convenient to unlrer-
?:ty and ctatlon.
) — 13 rooms; an e'.aguct house; exception-
ally wtU built; i late glass; central and
cloce In.
ALLEN & ELLIS.
2129 Center et., Berkeley.
$1C,5CO— ONE of the finest views en the Pa-
cific Coast; directly la front ot the
Golden Gate, commanding a view of the
whole bay: fruit trees; Dnvate water
eysteas; well kest; modern 10-room
fccuse; lot 133x200. .
$3,&00 — Something new and modern; 1H blocks
from S. P. elation and new Emeryville
electric l!ne: street car direct to Oak-
land end Alameda passes la front of the
door; Installments cr each.
$3,500 — Cozy cottage cf 5 rooms, suitable for
a couple, yourjr or old; near car line;
well kett; excellent view; fine neigh-
borhood; a barcaln.
$2.400^ — 6-room cottar*, a block and a half
from North Berkeley station; shady
fctreet; good elevation; very desirable.
JOSEPH 3. MASON. Real Estate.
__¦ Berkeley, Cal
CHENEY & BERRY'S BARGAINS.
$:,250— 6 rocms ana bath; lot 00x120; street
work done; 1 block from College ave, and
street car line; warm belt and growing
clctrlct; possible discount for cash.
11,600 — Acre of land; 6 minutes' ¦walk from
North Berkeley Station; inside limits;
enap.
$C50 — Buys you an acre let adjoining the
university gTounds; has - good spring;
ETaded road to lot; 15 minutes' walk to
the ur.iverelt;-. .
$D0O— Macadamized lot ca Parker et., near
Grove. t
CHENEY & BERRY, l
rcftofSoe block. • Berkeley.
LAWTON & ALBEE. :
£p*c!al Bargains la Berkeley Hooei.
r> rooms; new eery home; $2300.
« roome; new; Delaware st. ; $2625
« rooms; new; polished floors; modern; $4000
8 rooms; modern; new; North Berkeley;
5* rooms; elegant new Home; everything com-
j;!«-tc: fin* corner; lawn In; you ehould see
this; $6000. .... '
"¦VE ALSO HAVE HOUSES IN DIFFER-
KXT PAKTS OF TOWN FCTl FROM $1500
IPWARD. CHOICE LOTS $250 UPWARD.
L.iWTON & ALEEE. 2139 Center st.. Berkeley.
$0000— FINE Income property; close In; big
bargain. ~
$3050— Estat'.tshed busineff. incluiJicg lot
building and etock ?of goods; investigate
this. ,j.
No. 708^$2000 — 5-rocm cottage; "new; Btreet
work all dor.e. i 0
:. '. O
No. 732— $CS0O — New house of 12 rooms; 0 hall
finished in oak; fue view.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate, Insurance.
C171 Eha-ttuck ave.. Berkeley, Cal.
{M5-NEAT JS-roem cottage: high basement:.
ftrwt work complete; close to cars; *3<A» j
cafh. balance $10 i*r inonth. 00
f BOO film t and fixtures; 2' extra rooms; large
hi; r.ice location for email business; j>»50
ca*h. balance $10 per month.
H.C0C — Handsome.- well built 6-room cot'^ace;
hirh biwm*nt; lirfc lot: handy to cart;
¥2'.A» cath. balance $17 SO per inonth.
$2,000— Substantial, tasty C-rtom house; nice
let; street work complete; close to cars; I
vfrty little cash needed; payincuw lets
ttan rent.
\V\ C. MORAN. Lorin Station.
cr C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Station.
WHEN YOC COME~~7T)^BERKELEY AGAIN
you will find the best bargain* in towi. in
our new cf2rs in the Fink block, on Center
st.. cur old Etand, with a.'f.ew e-Jlt of
clothes en. . c
¦We are making a cpeclal run on Iot3 by the
hair /Lcre back of the university grounds;
also on fine building iltss in the tightly
Wheeler Tract end Daley'?. Scenic Park, neai°
the university. .'•.
TV. J. MORTIMER -A CO.. o
Successors to a
MAY & MORTIMER. c
1507 rRINCE st. near Santa Fe R, It.— Large
£-room house; h!rh basement; stable cow- c
barn. 7 houses for -chickens; lot 160x1.15;
street work complete; dll and inspect; $1000.
S4000— 3 acres on Dwight way Eaitt Berke-
ley; elegant location; fine view.
LKVI J. MORAN.
21ol Shattuck^ave.. Berkeley, o
FINE chicken ranch property; close in; near
car line; a snap.
$2000 — Good store building; lot 37:6x100; good
location to start a business.
LITTLE & WOOLSET,
2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
FRANCIS FHRRIER, Real Eetate. "
2121 Ehattuck ave.. opposite Berkeley sta- I
ticc. will build a home for yea for month-
ly paymrnts Ices than rent. Call or write
for i>erticulars. : •
A WEEK'S news for 5 c*nt* — The Weekly-^all,
16 pages, in wrapper, for trailing. SI peryejr.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
riJAItLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 23C.
1222 Frultvale ave.
$150 caeh, balance $12 60 month; 3 r. cottage,
chicken houses and yards; S large lots. <;- |
foot, i'icket fence; bordered by creek; seme
nice lrflTt tries and large fine sK<»de tree*;
2 living fjjr::i£H; only 3 blocks to etreei
rzrt; no fogs or cold winds; price for all
$923.
$150— $100 cash, balance $10 month; 3 r. cct-
tese; fme well.
Sll'.'iu— $20ii cash; new 4 r. cottage and bath;
balance $15 month.
SU.-O0 — 5400 cash;- « r. cottage; Queen Anne
»tyle- balance *10 month: lot 100x100.
$jrJOo— $100 oath, balance $10 month; 4 r. cot-
tege. bsrn; lot 182x100.
- SI700— $:>00 cash, balance $20 month; 5 r. and
" bath cottage; pood barn.
flhCO— 5 r. and bath colonial cottage; barn;
$r»00 cash. $17 month balance.
$3-0<>_8 r. and bath; fine view of bay and
ccuniry; commanding alte; $700 cash, bal-
i.nc* H per cent mortgage; lot C0x230; two
?75-Loti- $5 cash, balance monthly to suit
Vhe beautiful "Rosa Lee" tract; fine sandy
loam noil; no cold winds or fogs here; fine
building site*, beautiful view; 3 blocks to
Fir^rt cars; churches, school and postofflce
doe* by. _. - M
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale. 296.
1222 Fruitvale ave.
J1C50— COTTAGE, 5 rocms, barn, windmill and
tank; close to cars; lot 133x120.
{;.',." r, — Cottage. 5 rooms; all modern, with bath
and 4 cHl*d. finished rooms downstairs:
mi it work all done; 2 blocks from local
train; 1 block from streetcars; lot 23x125.
$550— Ccttag«. 4 rooms, barn, well; close to
ttreetcars; lot 60x150.
J22T0— A fine nexr cottage of 5 rooms; all mod-
ern; street work all done and in a fine lo-
cxlity; lot 25x140.
We have chicken ranches for eale ana rent
Andy to
ALAMEDA Z.JLSD CO..
1XS1 23d eve. station.
East Oakland. Cal.
FOR EALE.
Ten-acre tract In Frultvale; suitable for suo-
61 vision. o
E. BISHOP. 460 Tenth »t. Oakland.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALE. '
BOILERb, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st
BOILERS. .^
5 batteries of 2-56x10 ff.: complete $900
11 43 In. by 15 ft. tested to 165 lbs; complete:
each .... - $ 200
1 30-H. P. locomotive type, tested to 165 lbs;
complete I 200
4 20-H. P. vertical boilers; ready to run.. $125
2 25-H. P., locomotive type, fire box $100
5 15-H. P., locomotive type, nre box. each.$lu0
2 6-H. P., Scotch marine, Al; each ....". .$103
Other slies and styles too numerous to men-
tion. '
¦•v: ¦';¦?.;• ENGINES. .
1 9x« Automatic Atlas |225
3 8*16, plain slide valve, each $125
2 9x12, link motion, each .. ...$15O
45x5, marine (links), each $»O
2 4x4, holBting (links), each ...$85
1 125-H. P. ball enslne '. -$WSO
1 125-H. P. Corliss (at Sacramento) $1000
PUMPS. .
Compound Worthlngton, large size" $300
3x2x3 Worthlngton *2O
3x2x3 Snow .' • •*«{
Dow, deep well, complete .,,...$150
Knowles, 6x4x0 Iw
Fifty others on hand.
GASOLINE ENGINES. i
1 4-H. P. marine, union $ J5 '¦
1 2-H. P. Fairbanks, Morse $90
1 20-H. P. Pacific, stationary ....$225
1 15-H. P. Hercules, stationary $225
1 10-H. P. Hercules, marine $300
1 10-H. P. Hercules, stationary $200
2 4-H. P. Tatum & Bowen. stationery. ...$150
2 2%-H. p. Tatum &. Bowen $125
Will guarantee you 100 on our Hat
MISCELLANEOUS.
7-ton hydraulic Jacks, each $25
10-ton hydraulic Jackn, each ..$40
Lewellyn heaters, from .....$2o
Bundy steam traps, each '..$12 50
Other styles $5
Sparking dynamos .$10
"Giant" air compressor (steam) "-$75
Rix air compressor (belt) .....$150
Blake air compressor (belt) $150
72.000 ft. 3^-ln. casing pipe, ft.. 15c
I 25,000 ft. 3-in. casing pipe, ft *....12}4c
I 18,000 ft. 2»$-ln. casing pipe, ft 10c
I 1700 ft. 2-ln. pipe (standard), ft 10c
2900 ft. lVj-ln. pipe (standard), ft 8c
2000 ft 1-in. pli>e (standard), ft 6c
4000 ft. %-in. pipe (standard), ft... 3%c
11.000 ft. i/i-in. pipe (standard), ft 2c
We. haven't got much stuff, but what we
have is .ours. . If you have the money you can
buy right. Buying second-hand machinery you
look to the man selling it to you. K you are
suspicious stay away. We don't want your
money. What we tell you is so.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.,'
H. S. WHITE, Prop.,
130-152 Beale Et.
714 Third St.. Oakland.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; bsat for new roofs.
ELATERITE KOOFING CO.. 713 Market st
SLOT machines — Machines of every descrip-
tion, picture, lifting, punching, electric shock
and fortune telling; send for catalogue.
WATLING MFG. CO.; 2G Second st.
A- Vine suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 5a Origi-
nal Misfit Clolhing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting pulleys,
etc. WIIITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave., Alameda.
FOR sale — One gasollno launch, 10x48: 30
horsepower; can be seen at Rio Vista; good
order. P. O. box 272, Rio Vista. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bldg. ; catalog free.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
wood and Iron working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.130-132 Beale.
FOR sale — Railroad tickets; two G. A. R.
tickets, man and . wife, to Richmond, Ind.,
via Chicago. Box 774. Stanford University.
20 FRESH milk cows; must be sold to-day:
$3O to ?4O e«ch. 8AM AFTERGUT.- Mission
road. Seven-mile House and county line.
SLOT machines repaired; we have a fully
equipped repair department; charges reason.
able. WATLING MFG. CO.. 20 Stcond 8t.
FOR sale — 500 feet 1^4-inch galvanized Iron
pipe; good as new. Apply 4212 Nineteenth
st, near Castro.
MOTOR tandem: almost new; only run 600
miles. J. W. MILLER, 39 Second st
LARGEST runts; best hen pigeons; choice
homers. Address 2041 Linden st, Oakland.
A JULES JURGENSEN 5-mlnute repeating
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth at.
AN Imported Japanese spaniel; very fine healthy
specimen, $50. 132 Oth ave.. nr. California.
420 — DOMESTIC eewlng machine; almost new;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st, near 16th.
A GOOD Durham cow giving rich milk for
eale cheap. 4030 Twenty-sixth st
WANT to exchange new oak folding bed for
bureau and bed. 202 Fifth st.
1 FOR sale — Cheap; ticket to Denver. Box 2145,
Call office.
¦ ONE second-hand whitewashing machine at
1 ROBERTS, 1015 Market st. ¦
PAIR :i-karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth et._ .
A MARTIN guitar for Bale at 10 Sixth st. W.
J. HESTHAL.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Buliard & Breck. 131 Pest St.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo st.
j MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st. ¦
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market ¦
AH bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds,mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalvpl. 033 Mkt
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches,
all Elzes. J. E. DOAK," 46 Fremont st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramenta st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters ;all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FHlmore.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
; TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st: tel. Jessie 2851.
MOSEY TO LOAJi.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
. COl-602-OOn Examiner building.
: Quick settlements; tie disappointment
Save expenses by Aeallng directly.
Estate?, second mortgage*, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments ot rent*, property in trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property iurcha*e«.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.- .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
Idwrst rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market Bt. ; tel. Main 1044. Branch. 1» Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
40 principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or plano;no removal;
. no commlHblon; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st. r. 7 r
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 10O3 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid., 70S Market; phone Main 810.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
pzople on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phtlan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J.' HESTHAL'S. 10 81xth st. . ¦
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, rm. 16.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $16 op; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 0 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans ' money to
Mlaried employes. R.3U. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner bldg.
MONEY WAJfTEP.
WANTED— $1200 or. $3000;" 8 to S per cent;
San Mateo County. N. R. G.. box 2476. Call.
"¦',¦ 8 PECIALISTS. _
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and N*OISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief • for Ladles."
in letter by return raalL Ask your druggist
Chichester Chemical Co.; Philadelphia. Pa. _THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
42
YAXTS— ConUnned. _
ATTENTION^-$7 T $r~91~Tl $1 H J 1 * J -
..My regular $3 Reading This Week lor
?1 91 91 91 91 fl **
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance- Clairvoyant and
PalmUt Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly airee and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell ¦ your
name, occupation and what you called for; I
promise to tell you . whether husband, wile or
sweetheart I* true or false; tell you whom
and when you will marry; In fact, I will tell
you every hope, fear or ambition better than
you can tell; I improve your character so
that you will reach the h'.ghest possible de-
velopment In mental vigor, health, happi-
ness and capacity to earn' wealth; so you
will live happy and contented the rest of
your.life; mediums developed; hours 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 328 O'Farrell
st— sag. ' ¦
A— MME. PORTER scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past present and future;
ladles. 60c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
¦nd clairvoyant sitting; 91 SO. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when ethers fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MRS. L. EHRHORN. clairvoyant, palmistry:
cir. Sun., Wed. & Frl.. 8 p. m., 10c. 631
I Linden ave., near Buchanan st.
FREE — Fortune told free by truest life reader;
send birth date; 3 2c, otamps. DR. BEST,
144. D. 065, Chicago. __
A— Mine. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 3 4th St.. near Market.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 'J51 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tlngs dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet. Bth and gth
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2H% Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c. gents 30c
PEXTISTS.^
DR. LUDLUM^ULL," 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The 'Whalebone — cannot break;
•warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. 93 50; fillings, 60c;
plates. 93; full B et; all work painless and "ar.
ranted. .Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. 92; no
pain: open Sunday. Pr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental .Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,23o
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. OfiO Mission St.. cor. 6th.
FLATS TO EET.
TO rent cheap; two new modern sunny flats In
the warm belt of the Mission: of C ami
7 rooms and bath each; with all the latest
modern improvements. Apply. 3025 Twenty-
fifth st.. bet. San Jose ave. and Guerrero st.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cardta Furniture Co.. 243-2S0 Geary
St., on the square.
EIGHTH ave., 730 (Richmond, district, near
park)— Modern ti-rocm flat; appreciated If
seen; convenient to town, with all-night cars;
rent reasonable; open from 1 to 4 p. m.
HYDE, 841. near Sutter— Elegant modern flat;
10 rooms. 2 baths. McAFEE BROTHERS,
IPS Montgomery at.
LARGEST list of new flats and houses: call for
printed list. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgom-
ery st.
CALIFORNIA, 2S26— Sunny side; 8 rooma; per-
fect order; natural woods; prettiest flat In
city for 945; please call and see.
UPPER flats. Nos. 3S25 and 3835 Twenty-
fourth st., near Church; new modern 0-room
and bath ; rent 922 50.
VALENCIA, 1531— Beautiful upper flat; Mis-
sion warm belt; 0 large sunny rooms and
baths; $30.
914— POST, 2454. near Broderlck; 6 rooms;
cheapest flat in the neighborhood. Apply at
VON RHEIN R. E. CO.. 513 California st
BAKER, 745-747— Middle upper flats, 0^7
rooms; modern; sunny; new; near McAllister.
CORNER upper flat; new; 7 rooms, bath; block
from Market. 308 Church st.
FLAT — Five rooms and bath; cheap. 3075
Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom.
HOWARD. 1020. near Sixteenth— Modern sun-
ny upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; rent' 925.
MASON. 810 — New aunny flat of 8 rooms,
bath; adults: permanent.
937 50 AND 940 — Middle' and upper new flats;
6 rooms, bath each. 1735 Page, nr. G. G. Pk.
BEAVER. 57. 1 block from Market and Six-
teenth — New 0-room Cat; cheap.
ELEGANT upper sunny, corner flat, 6 rooms,
bath; Merrltt and Hattte sts. 4602 18th st.
NEW elecant flat to let; 5 rooms and bath..
1702 Sacramento ft., near Polk.
NOE. 133, north of Market — Sunny 3-room bay-
window corner flat, 0 rooms, bath.
PAGE, 1221— Elegant flat, 7 rooms and bath;
beautiful view. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
PERRY. 2G3 — Rear flat; 3 rooms; rent 910.
PIERCE, 408— Part of modern furnished flat;
rent reasonable.
EE. CORNER Page and Lyon— Middle flat. 8
rooms, bath; rent reasonable.
VAN NESS and Union — 7 and 8 light sunny
rooms; modern, up-to-date; rent reasonable,
VERY modern sunny middle flat of 7 rooms
and batb. SOC McAllister St., near Laguna.
WALLER, 1708, nr. Park entrance — A modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard; rent 922 60,
$25 — New, modern up-to-date 5 sunny rooms;
grand view city & bay. Church at.. 23d&24th.
ELEGANT flat; half block ' from Market st.
3043 17th st. (Castro and 18th st. cars.)
TO let— Flat of four rooms; 1S07 O'Farrell.
HOOKER Sc LENT. 14 Post st. .
FLATS TO LET—FUnXISHED.
•FOR rent — Furnished flat, 7 roomn, bath, etc.;
1 block from Golden Gate Park; sun all day;
convenient to three car lines; will rent rea-
sonable to right party: no children. Particu-
lars address box 2475, Call office.
ELIZABETH, (124—3 furnished sunny rooms;
gas and coal stove; bath; Castro cars.
SOUTH I'ARK. 105 — Partly furnished flat of 4
rooms; no children. Inquire 138 Third st.
SUNNY furnished Hat, 3 rooms, bath; mod-
cm; rent reasonable. 1402 Polk st. .
FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— 94230: CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114;. 184 CLIPPER ST. SEB
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED. .»..¦
NEW furniture C-room flat for sale; sunny; rea.
sonable rent: 0 to 12 or 7 to 0 p. m. 2240
Pout gt.. corner Devisadero. ¦¦• -'
FURMTURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4482.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — Cook, orphan home, ¦ 940; 3 cooks,
country hotels, 93O. $35; 2 cooks, no wash,
935; 4 cooks, 930 ; housework, 935; San Ra-
fael, $30; cook, Menlo Park, 930; second
girls, city and country, 925-930; 2 parlor
maids, $25, $30; • 4 laundresses. 930;
maid, £30, no room; 10 seamstresses,
$10 week; 8 salesladies. 96 week and corn-
' mission; 8 waitresses, . city and country ho-
tels, ?20-$25; restaurant waitresses, 98 week;
housokeper, 2 men, 920: maid, and seam-
stress, .«25. Apply to J. F. . CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st. : " ¦ .
4 NURSECilRLS, ?15-?20-$25; 3 chambermaids,
$20; housework, Suisun, $25, see lady office
Monday; ranch cook, $25; woman with a
child, housekeeper, 2 men, 920. Apply to J.
F. CHOSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
DURING the month- of September at reduced
prices, I will personally teach Electrolysis,
Facial Mat sipe, Hydro Vacu. Bleachlrg, Dye.
Ing and Scalp treatments. , MRS* I. BAR-
RETT-WILSON, Callaghan Bldg.. Market
and Jones sts. . . ' . .
A— WANTED, girls to learn halrdress, mani-
cure, etc.; trade taught from A to Z In 2
weeks; 95 to those entering now; 3 positions
• to till immediately;: positions guaranteed at
910 per week up; leading school In West. 23.1
Geary st.. room 13.
A— LADIES, learn all ! branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve.-class; call.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught frcm' start to finish In one
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles,' etc., guaranteed at' 91*> per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
BRIGHT, energetic ¦ woman | to . canvass I and
take orders for Cof-farin/ a delicious and
nourishing (preal coffee; -awarded. gold medal ;
l by California .'State -Exposition; ; salary and
commission. Cof-farin ¦ Co., 1 400 Jackson ; st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking; wages $30; refer-
*-bc*. 1227 Gearv st.'
HELP WASTED— MALE Con.
suit. 930 and. found.
4 plain carpenters, few tools will do. $10 fd.
Foreman, grain ranch, to start with 930 and
found. Increase.
President of bank at our office; see him.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 3d st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Uush 403.
NEVADA. FREE FARE. NEVADA.
200 laborers Southern Pacific's own work;
new Job; $2'a day: $18 board.
We ship every day. Free fare.
HOPS. HOPS. HOP PICKtRS.
We ship Sunday. Monday and Tuesday; pay
91 per 100; fare 9150; fee «1; «io men and
women. ,
FRUIT PICKERS.
20 fruit pickers. 930 a month and board.
10 young men packing-house. 930 and board.
Fare COc; 3 months' work.
3 ranch teamsters, $32 10 a month and board.
10 laborers, near city, factory. <2 23 a day.
SAWMILL AND WOODSMEN
2 timber fellers. 9<J0 and board.
3 barkers, $45 and board.
2 crosscutters. $50 and board.
2 lookouts. 940 and board.
2 waterbucks. 940 and board
10 lumber pliers. 933 and boara.
10 men for Huroboldt County to pile lumber,
$40 and board: fare advanced.
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 53 Third.
NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO..
305-6-7-S Callaghan bldg.; phone Jessie 4«31.
All-ruund dry goods and furnishing goods
man for store out of town, salary $15 week.
Traveling salesman with experience in dry >
and fancy goods, not over 25 years old; per-
manent position to right man.
Rapid and accurate operator for the Bur-
roughs adding machine; good salary and per-
manent position.
Bookkeeper between th« ares of 25 and 2Sj
must be competent and accurate; salary $«3.
High-class accountant for auditing work.
2 first-class clothing salesmen.
6 cashboys about 15 years old.
2 office boys, 16 to 17 years old.
3 boys, 18 to IT years old, to learn tradt.
Expert type caster, man about 30 yean old
preferred; salary 91S to 924 per week.
A SPECIAL TO-DAY. SXJHVA.T.
Cook, mercantile lunch, country wtloon, $73f
waiter. sam» place, $13; iee party hers at
10 a. m. to-day. *
C. R. HANSEN & CO 423 Bush st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, r. IX
4 colored waiters, 930; waiter. $40; chef, $30j
porter, $25; bell boy. $15. -
YOUNG man wanted In office; must be com-
petent stenographer. Apply to-day between
12 ana 2. HE.NRT COWELL Lime and Ce-
rnent Co.. 213 Drumm st. <
DETECTIVES— Every locality: food eaUryl
experience unnecessary. International De-
tective Agency. Milwaukee. Wis.
STRONG boy to -work In candy factory: 93 pe»
week. Apply to-day, BLUM'S Confectionery,
Sutter and Polk sts. '
WANTED — Men everywhere; good pay: to dls.
circulars, adv. matter, tack signs, ete. : na
canvassing. National Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED — Good shoemakers for repairing.
236^ Eaat Bt.
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman for Call- a
ferula; enly high-grade men; bond required.
Drawer S. Chicago. ''
SALESMEN — Nice side line we can place la
. hands of a few good men. Box 639, Cedar
' Rapids, Iowa.
CAPABLE traveling salesman for Cal.: staplo
line to country merchants; references; bond
requlreil. Box 6C8. St. Louts. Mo.
DRUGGIST assistant; 2 years' experience. Ap-
ply Red Star Pharmacy. 417 Third at.
STEADY, active boy for wholesale house: state »
age ajid experiencs. Box 243S. Call office.
GOOD solicitors, city and country: 93 a. day
easy. Pacific Novelty Co., t>20 Bryant st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 8 Hayes st.
WANTED— Strong- young man to work around
cooper shop. 24 Commercial st.
WANTED— A tailor en coats. 520 Kearny,
upstairs, first floor, room 1.
WANTED — Driver for bakery with experienoau
Apply, giving reference, 1035 Market st.
WANTED — Errtnd boy, 15 or over- apply b«- ;
tween 8 and 8:30. II. Liebes & t\>.. Ut7 Peat.
YOUNG crocery clerk, with city references.
1425 Octavia St.
GOVERNMENT civil service examinations will
soon be held In every State: Information and
questions used by the Government tree. Co-
lumbian Correspondence Collage, Washlng-
ton. n. C.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14. givlnff various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
College. Oakland. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at 91 and
91 60 pair; foot- form shoes at 92 30; we pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third st.. Exam. bid.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 4*9 Parrott building.
YOUNG man to learn underpresslng on vests;
\ steady work. Apply 27 Geary st.. top floor.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, r. 91 and
91 50 pair; foot-form shoes at 92 bO; ws pay
express or mail chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam. bid.
CABINET makers, carpenters, stock cutter la
cabinet slJop. Interior Finish Co., 622 Third.
BARBERS — First-class 4-chalr shop: nearby
town; modern; estab. 8 year*. 2460. Call.
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare fruit wttS
machine; good wages. California Canneries*
Co.. 423 Brannan st. •.» -j
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 30c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 aad
1 91 30 per pair; foot-form shoes at 92 SO. or
' orthopedic shoes, 93 30; best shoes on earth. 11 .
Third st.. Exam, bldg.. 3 doors from Market.
WANTED — Pants operators; union workshop;
union wages. Apply 27 Geary St.. S. N.
WOOD & COv ¦ '- ' ?
A THOROUGHLY competent clothing sales-
man; none other need apply. S. N. WOOD
& CO. -3
WANTED— For the U. S. Marin* Corps, able-!
boded, unmarried men, between 21 and 83:
good character; must speak, read and writs
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war .
In ali parts of the wcrld, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In th»
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222ft N. Main
st.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; 9300 per year; first-class reference*
required. Stoddard Lectures. 210 Examiner
building.
WANTED — Strong, healthy.man 25 to 43 years
of age who understands poultry work: must
know how to milk: give full particulars in
answering this; wages 925. with increase.
Santa Teresa Poultry Farm. Edenvale. Cal.
WANTED— Halt or whole Interest In good
paying barber shop by an expert all-round
artist; reference gvten. Address box 91, Fow-
ler. Cal. ,- A -.3 ',
WANTED— Young man to teach little boys la
- return for, board and assistance in his stud-
ies. Write or call after 6 p. m. on H. C.
COONLEY. 1017 Clay St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Rough carpenters and laborers.
S Apply room 14, 26 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco Construction Company.
WANTED— Good, sober country newspaper
man. Call Monday at 62C Callighan bldg.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop: wages
paid. 1543 Devisadero »t.. near Post.
BARBERS. 2-chalr shep for «ale; price $60;
cheap rent. Box 2454. Call office.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in 3. **.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2ft Steuart st.
YOUNG men for Australian ships; also sailors.
at HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart St.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. &
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
' WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 33c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to ard from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Flllmore.
ALL sUes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. S63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting- *>3a
to Me. SCH MIn«l»n St.. tot. \*t on.t 2d « t ».
HOTELS AXD BOAnPISG-HOUSES.
"THE PRINCETON "
(EUROPEAN PLAN.)
Superbly furnlsh«d and the only hlgh-crad*
residence hotel In the city which Is operated
on the European plan. Located at No 7ia
JONES st. bet. SUTTER and POST- STS
and reached by three street car lines. Ona
hundred rooms mostly arranged en suite
with bath. Electric lights, steam heat Yong
distance telephone In every suite; billiard
and smoking rooms and a" magnificent «lS2
room. Rates are very reaionable.
HELP 'WASTED— MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY.
PHONE MAIN 5848. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LEADING EMPLOYMENT Sc LABOR AGTS
TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
OFFICE OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY,
8 a. m. to 12 Noon.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed;
by* our own printing plant we publish &
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing
every position segregated under departments,
ready for distribution 7 a. m. : also noon and
evening ¦editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no dlstlnctlnon between Man and
Man. '•":,'.'
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
WE SHIE YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All Parts Nevada.
Los Angelea County.
Oregon. "Wlllltts. Uklah.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY.
And All Points North, East. South,
» Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men; . corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc.. |5, $4. $3 6O. $3. 92 SO. $2 day.
Free Fare! Free Fare! Free Fare!
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
Are You? Are You? Are You?
MURRAY & READY.
? 634 and 636 Clay it.
AT ONCE.
866 laborers, teamsters, city and country
.jobs. $2, $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work. Come, see.
155 Italians, $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away. 942
and found...
155 coal miners, free fare, (3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters, Willlts, Uklah, fre*
fare. 967 60.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
, also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
ISC teamsters and ax men, 975.
' 107 laborers and drillers. «75.
155 track layers, ballast track, 987 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
MINES, QUARRIES, TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit, $00, 975 found.
00 miners and tlmbermen. $90 found. .
186 quarrymen. also drillers. 982 to 990.
96 carmen, furnace men. $75.
STABLES. FARMS, DAIRIES. HARVEST.
196 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, 930 to
945 found.
33 milkers, buttermakers. $30. $35. $40 found.
150 harvest hands, hay balers, 92 60. 93 day.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, 930 to 95O
and found. ¦ %
16 stablemen, city and country. $30 to 945 fd.
86 men for brickyards, $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, S4O to $7f> and found.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 638 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
85 lumber trust syndicates.
Located In ° Four States.
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
005 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
1SS experienced mill and yard men, 940 to
915O and found.
38.1 woodchoppers, 940 to 915O and found. -
383 woodchocsers. tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. o 034 and 630 Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
2tt cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. 970. $G0, $50. $40. $30 found;
very few men to cook for: no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, 9.70, 965, 950,
940 found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc.. $70 to $40 found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places. Including cafes,
grills. $45 to 930 found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to 930 found.
0 porters and bedmakers, city and country
positions, 945 to 920 found.
M", dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California, 9"4O to $25 found.
12 butchers, different Jobs, 935 to 960 found.
6 bakers, 5 helpers, $35 to $50 found.
18 boys to learn trades and work in factories,
96 to 912 week.
COOK. NEVADA. 950; FARE PAID.
Baker country shop, fare 93. 950; helper, 925.
MURRAY & READY, ($34-636 Clay st.
10 BLACKSMITHS and helpers, located every^
where. t'.M to 945 and found.
Also 06 other different mechanics; come see.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ~~~~ ~~ ~
We want 8C03 men not advertised for; come
' MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT BY PHONE & LETTER
READ CAREFULLY EVERY LINE.
Cook. lunch counter. 10c fare, 940 and fd.
Butcher, ranch, fare 93 60; 940 and found.
Butcher, shoo, Sonoma Co., 935 and found.
Baker, shop, Sonoma Co.. 950 and found.
Farmer and wife, ranch, 10c fare, extra good
Job. 950 and found.
Cooper for wine tanks, boss here, fare 93 50;
9105.
12 men, different hay press Jobs. 94 to 95 day.
2 waiters, same place, fare 91 50; Is week
and room.
Cook, hotel, fare 30c; plain good Job. $C0 fd.
20 men: anybody will do, pick prunes; fare
91 CO; 9.3 ton.
15 laborers, gold mine; fare 93 50; 97..".
4 laborers, city, good foundry: 92 25 flay.
Wlnemaker, vineyard, big wages; also 2
farmers for same vineyard, etc.; you'll suit;
92 day. board In hotel. »
12 laborers, force work. North Shore, free
fare; 907 60.
WAREHOUSE— FARE 91.
12 laborers; no experience wanted; $3 day. *
IN BUTTE COUNTY: 93 FARE.
FOREMAN GRAIN RANCH: 950 found.
26 ITALIANS: FREE FARE.
For Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, San Luis
Oblspo.
ARIZONA. 900 MILES.
TO-DAY TO ARIZONA.
Cement finisher, $4 50; machine hand, fur-
niture factory. 92 50 day: 2 bench hands,
planing mill. 93 50; bark peeler, fare 91, 940
and found; tinsmith, 93; leverman. dredger,
boss here. $60 and found: 16 hay balers. 93
to 95 day; boys for wholesale druggist, 91S
to 9^5; coachmen, gardeners, etc.
Machinist, country winery. 940 and found
TOGETHER, BUTTER MAKER
And milker, fare paid. Inyo Co., 970 found.
2 boys, little experience, city machine shop.99.
3 milkers, steady Jobs year round, $.15 found.
3 steady farm hands year round, 930 found.
Gardener and coachman, fare 25c,' boss here,
925 and found.
Milker, run separator, Madera Co.. $35 fd.
16 boys. .city factories and stores, 920 found,
94 week up.
2 sdcoI tenders. $C0; 2 log loaders. 990.
3 laborers, lime quarry, fare 91, 967 50.
; C laborers, extra good mine, fare 91 25, $60.
Choreman, city, private residence, 930 found"
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S
BEST WAGES AT 634-C36 Clay st!
STILL THEY COME. ~*
MOP.E
SPECIALS.
Camp cook, R. R.. Nevada, free fare, 950 to
975 and found.
50 fruit pickers, largo ranch, long Job. $30 fd.
2 youny men, factory, near city, learn trade,
90 a week.
Porters, city hotel. $30 and found.
Flour packer, near city. 94 day. :'yl?'
5 carmen, gold mine. 975.
6 muckers, same mine, 975.
Man to run donkey engine and saw, 92 day.
3 men. dry yards. Yuba Co.. board In hotel.
10 carpenters, country Job. *90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay st.
~ LOOK. MEN. ~~~ "
CARPENTERS AND HELPERS; FARE $3.
12 carpenters, plain work. 900.
. 15 laborers to help them and do other work,
967 50; steady, good Jobs for Americans.
WATER. ELECTRIC POWER SYNDICATE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-fir.O Clay st.
~~~ EXCEPTIONAL GOOD MINE.
15 laborers, no experience wanted. 967 5a
MURRAY & READY, C34-G36 Clay St.
ITALIANS— FREE FARE— ITALIANS.
30 laborers. Humboldt Co.; Lumber Co • man-
ager at our, office: 935 to 95O and found. \
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. ~~"
4 carpenters for vineyard and wine CO., $40 fd
. 4 carpenters, lumber co.; fare 93; 975 fd
4 carpenters; all same work; 50c fare; plain
work; 93 to 93 50. ¦ r"
25 carpenters; big R. R. Job; $90
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
. : • NOTICE. ~
, Interpreter, speak several languages, wanted
for our office. MURRAY & READY. 634-C36
Clay st.
ARK YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted: any-
body can do the work : a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can pick fruit.
•\ ¦-'¦ 91 FEE. 91 Fare.
FRUIT. $.10 found. FRUIT
PICKING $30 found. PICKING
TO-DAY. $30 found. TO-DAY
Some to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go. come
back with too to 9120. We ship NORTH-
EAST. SOUTH; also many to - the great
- wineries.
v . MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
_ ',.-•. S5.000.0OO BANKING TRUST. ~~
4 teamsters. 4-horse, steady Job year round.
940 and fcund.
% handv men about orchard, vineyard: tou'U
CHritCH SERVICES. I
UNITARIAN Church (First). S.W. cor. Geary
tand Franklin ets.— Rfv. Bradford Leavitt. 1
minister. Rev. Bradford Leavitt and Charles
A. Murdock. Fuptf. of Sunday Fchool. The
Sunday school Is at Zi> o'clock. The morning
service is at 11 o'clock. KeV. Bradford
Lcavltt will be at6ined by Rev. E. C. Smith
of Illinois. Music by quartet, under direc-
tion of H. Breth»-rlck. organist. All are cor-
diall* invited. There Is no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner 20th and
Capj) Fts. (Take Mls-slon or Valencia car.)—
The Rev. Jay William Hudson, minister;
residence. BOO Carp et. The Sunday *ch<>ol
meets at lt:45 o clook; W. C. Maxwell,
superintendent. At the mornlw service at
U o'clock. Mr. Hudson will preach on The
Greek Idea of the Ideal Man." Musical
programme by orchestra and choir. Erected
by Jabirh Clement. All the sittings are free.
No regular evening eervice.
CENTRAL Church (Methodist Episcopal). Mis-
sion Pt. between Sixth and Seventh— Pasters.
Arthur' H. Briges and Herbert F. Brtggs;
U-:;o a n Sunday-school. Roila \. Watt.
superintendent: 11 a. m.. sermon, subject.
"An Acceptable Sacrifice." Mu?ic— Anthem.
"Christian, the Morn Breaks Sweetly O er
Thee" « Shelley); offertory, bass *olo. "Hear
[?• O Father" (Bchm). W. J. ElMott, with
violin and h«rp accompaniment; 0:15 p. n?..
Societies of Christian Endeavor: T:."50 p. m..
concert. Programme — March. "Aid* (^w-
dl) orchestra; soprano solo. "Abide With
Me" (Liddle). Miss Ruby L. Hart, with violin
oblipatu; selection. "Intermezzo" (Mascagm),
orchestra; violin solo. "Romance and Rondo
Elegant" fWlenlaweki). Charles E. Robsor.j
s r. rn. sermon. topic. "Four Things."
Herbert F. Briggs preaches at both services.
The seats are free and the j>eoj>!e are wel-
come.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
« - hurch. corner Hayes anJ Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, w'll preach
at 11 a. m. on "A Prosj<erou» Work." and
at 7:45 p m. on "Where Does God Dwell?"
Sunday school at J2:3l> p. m., C. B. Perkins
. superintendent. Epworth League at 0:45
p. m I>r. R. O. Moody president. A cor-
dial welcome for all at all the services of
this church. ¦_
GRACE Church (Methodist Episcopal), corner
rwestr-Jbvt and Capp *ts.— R->v. Francis
M. Larkln. Ph. I)., raptor. Services. 11 a. tn.
and T:«5 p. m. Morning subject. "The
c'hristlEn Way of Life.'-' Evening subject.
"Can a Man See God?" Special music at
the evening service.
CALIFORNIA Street Methodist Church, ccr-
ner California and Broderlck rt*. — "The Dis-
covery of Christ" will t>« the subject of the
sermon by Rev. Clarence Reed at 11 a. m.
"The Relijion for To-day" the subject at
7:45 p. m. J. H. Hallowell, orcanlft and
i-horister. Epworth Learur, <>:45 p. n.. J.
11. Northan pr«*:dent. Sunday-school. 9:43
a, m.. W. C. linker Fui>erlntend«-nt.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van, Ne? s a\*.
and Sacramento it.— Ber. WiuUrn KlrK
Guthrie, partor. Morning service. 11 o'clock,
pubject. "Rl£htceusne*s." Evening pen-let-.
7:45 o'clock. pubject. "The T<>«»chlnK of
Christ About the Kingdom." The jiastor will i
preach at both service*. f?Lbbuh-whool, j
12:3i> p. m. ; Christian EB&vror, 0:15 p. m. \
Wednesday, 8 p. m.>mldwtik serv.ee. leader.
Rev. W. K. Gulhrle. «A'l are eoriilally in-
vited.
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, comer Cali-
fornia and Octavia Ftrct-tK — Rev. Gt-crgt! G.
L'ldridge, pastor. Morning wrvire ot 11
o'clock. Evening service sx 7:45 o'clock, at
which there will be a Fjiecial musical ser-
vice. Fundas- school at »:4D a. m. : Christian
Endeavor Society. v»c»Uffl. Prayer meeting,
Wednesday evening at S o'clock.
CALVARY f Presi'Vterlan' Church, corner of
Jacksnr. and Flllmore 5ts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hill. D. 1).. pa«"t<T. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Sermon tc«.ilc. "Household Aposto-
lical Succession." -ij.eninc service at 7 :45
o'clock; sermon topic. v "Shirking Responsi-
bility." ?ht pastor will preach at both «ier-
ic*s. Sabbath school at 9:30 a. m.; orches-
tral music. ChrlPtlnn Endeavor meeting at
<•:.:" p. ra. Prayer met-tln* Wednesday even-
ing at f» o'clock, r All are cordially invited.
THIRD Cor.sTegational, JSth, near Mission—
R»v. William Rad» ; r. cantor. At 11 a. m.,
"The" Ark on the <"art. or the Punishment of
Religious Curiosity." At 7:4T. p. m.. "Boys,
Thf ir Religious .Problems and What we Are
Doing to Solve Them." Parents and their
boys specially invited.
FIRST IJaptist Church, 320 Eddy St.— Preach -
ing at 11- a. m. '¦¦ and 7:."«O p. m. by Rev. H.
Russell Greaves of Seattle. Morning subject.
"A Two-fold Entreaty." Evening. "Christ's
Treatment of the Knerr.ies." Iilble school at I
12:30; Y. P. B. C. L. at 6:30; prayer meet-
ing. Wednesda3" at 7:45 p. in. Seats free
and all invited.
FIRST Church of. Cnrl*', Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter st., tiet. Kearay and Grant
ave.— Christian*" Science Venice at 11 a. m.;
subject cf : les«cn-hermon. "Man." Sunday
•school for children at the same hour; Wed-
nesday evening rn»>«-ting at 8 o'clock: free
reading room. iOJ Kearny st.. rooms 509-510;
all ar* welcome. » f
A GREAT union ra'iiy for 'men only will be
htld to-day^ (Sunday) t _.t « o'clock, at the
Young Men's Christian As&ociation Audito-
rium. Mason and Ellis sts. The address will
t«? given by Key. Krank K. Baker; subject,
"Character Building." Mr. and Mrs. Baker,
the Hind evangelists cf Philadelphia, will
Fing and also conduct the preliminary de-
votional exercises. All seats In the hall
free to men. •
THE Theosophical Society. GoMen Gate Lodge
— Fr^o public lectures ev*ry Sunday, 8 p. m..
Flood buUdlnc. 809 Market St., subject to-
night, '"Personal Immortality." by l^rofessor
T. Zuzuki of the 0 Imperial oniverslty of
Japan. Library and reading-room open dally,
I to < P. m.
THK Theosochical Society- <Col. H. S. OlcotU
j>rc*ide3t-founUcr. Headquarter*. Odd Fel-
lows" building. :j Puttie «e<-ture at 8 p. m.,
by E. P. Jones; subject. "Hidden Meanings
In Christianity." Lotus Group at 11 a. m.
Study class, Thun»1ay. 2::*0 p. ra.
SCXOAY IJECTCItES.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Oastle.
J«09 Market *t. Subject. "The Mysteries of
Digestion" (Illustrated), followed by views of
a visit to Ireland and Scotland; free tickets
will be distributed for X-ray exhibition at
Sanitarium Tuesday evening; remember the
question box; special musii?.
DR. W. R. PRICE, of international fins as
Ioratcr, author, scientist and philosopher, lec-
tures under the auspices of the Psychic
Research Society thlts evening at S o'clock.
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building; sub-
ject. "SDirttuallem Explained." with Inde-
pendent telepathic demonstrations; adm. 10c
HENRY FRANK of New York delivers his
second lecture Sunday morning (to-day) at
II a. m. (enly). Golden Gate Hall; eubjert,
"Self Discc\-ery or the Fountain of Eternal
Life"; good music. Course of instruction In
scientific metaphysics begins to-morrow
night (eight). Golden Gate Hall.
O. N. ORLOW will deliver an instructive lecture
in Golden Gate Hall {upstairs). 029 Sutler,
This evening at S o'clock Fharp; subject,
"Intuition and Reincarnation."
Plar.o and violin boSos. Admission free.
SAN FRANCISCO Club of Occult Research.
1411A Golden Gate ave., nr. Etelner st . this
evening fct 8 o'clock sharp. Subject, "Psy-
»-hic Ucfoldment," by Professor W. Albert
Willl, followed by psychic tests; admission.
23 cents.
DR. McIVOR-TYNDALL, the famous exponer*.
of thought power, lectures to-night. Steinway
Hall, on "How to Read Thought." Demon-
strations and experiments In thought trans-
ference follow. e
SWAMJ TIUCTWATITA will deliver hia flr'A
lecture on "How to neccise a True Chrt«-
tian" to-night M 40 Steiner St., 8 c*clock;
r.dmissicn -5c; Vodanta Society.
THE Pec.ji!t-'s Church meets Sunday evenings/
Elks' Hall, 223 Putter st, Mrs. Anna L. G1I-
lespie. pastor. Subject, "The rhenoraenon or
Life." Messages. j»
"GETTING Centered." "Planea of Conscious-
ness," 11 end 7:30.;> Thaddeus Fritz of For-
ward Movement. Occidental Hall, Larkln and
McAllister cu.
"NOW" lecture. Heary Harrison Brown. "New
Thought Questions Answered." Bring yours
on a slip of paper. Odd Fellows* bldg;8 p.m.
•J. 3. MORSE dfllvers his final lecture to-night
at K. la Welcome Hall, Odd Fellows* bldg.;
subject. "Spiritualism the Destroyer."
KATE HEirSSMANN. 909 Market. Colanthe
Hall, to-night; free lecture; spiritualism.
MEE7IS 3S— SL'yUAY.
ARRIVED— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the
famous psychic, from New York, known as
the independent writer and clairvoyant. Well
remembered as California's mo«t celebrated
medium. Indorsed by the president of the
National Association of Spiritualists of the
United States end Canada, also Ly the lead-
ing spiritual, o*ccult and psychical journal!
and societies of the world. Ask your friend*
tbout their experiences with PROF. EVANS
then call and judge for yourself. Consulta-
tions daily on all matters of Importance,
whether rplritual or material. Office hours,
10 to 4; other hours by appointment. A class
will toon be formed for the development and
demonstration of psychic phenomena. Appll.
cant? may call at office. 1112 Bddy rl. Send
siamp for circular on mediuroship.
SPIRIT messages and tests. Covenant Hall
Odd Fellows' bldg., 7th and Market tU., 8 p!
m.; mediums. Mrs. Ltchtlg and Mrs. Holmes.
F. G. PK STONE. M. D.. lecture Sunday. 8 pi
tin.. Golden Gate Hall. Sutter bt.; subject.
•The Objective Mind." Free.
Mrs. Stoddanl'B circles, 10c; tests that all can
recognize: Sun. Tues.: fittings dally. 278 Oth.
TESTS, free. 903 Market, front hall; 2-7:30,
Wilson; 7:30. Mn, GUlincham, Mrs, Tobiaa.
MEETINGS— SpyDAV— Continued.
MRS WERMOUTH and Dr.; Cowan's spiritual
meeting: 8 p. m.. Odd Fellows' bl<Jg.. corner
Seventh and Market sts. ¦ ¦
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 330 McAllister— Mrs. C J.
Meyer; sit, daily; test circle every night; 10c.
K HEUSSMANN. 009 Market, Colanthe Hall,
to-night; spiritual messages; admlfsion free.
MME YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
nlght, roc. C19 McAllister; come, skeptics.
EARLES grand seance to-night; wonderful
elatewrltlng. etc 1052 Ellis St.: 25c
XV. O. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
11K-; sittings. 10 to 12 and 1 to 3.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M. fi^
— Officers and members are hereby no- jQT
tilled to attend the funeral of our de- /V»
ceased brother. ISAAC BERRY
CROCKER, from the hall of this lodge
61'NDAY AFTERNOON at 1 o'clock. By
order of the W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. O. #|l j»
O. F. — The officers and the funeral •XX^
committee of the above encampment S\
are hereby notified to assemble atX \
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market ana
S-venth sts., on MONDAY. August 31, at
1:30 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our late brother and
patriarch. EDWARD ROTGEN. By? order
FRED L. HORN. Ch. P.
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Sent*.
THE officers and members of Ger- -j*5ffi3fc£fcr
mania Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F. . j^Sg^SKst
are hereby requested to ansemble "isr^s-HSS?
at Odd .Fellows' Hall TO-MOR- ¦'WWW*^
ROW (Monday) at 1 :30 o'clock to attend the
funeral of our late brother. E. ROTGER.
CHARLES Kl'KRE, N. G.
PAUL STRAUEH. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR DEGREE LODGE .^aegfif.
No 2. I. O. O. F. ; hpeclal meet-
Ing MONDAY, Autrust 31; drill^=5^^^"
in the first degree. __; p
GREAT Scotch gathering — Clan Fra- £*9&
err'* picnic at Schuetien Park AD- t3g_J
MISSION DAY. Sept. it. This will *.p%3rm
be the outdoor event of the season;
new. novel and amusing events, in- _^^v
eluding football and walking ** 3
matches, etc: dancing all day In the largest
pavilion on the Pacific Coast. -Tickets, In-
cluding R. R. fare, M)c; children. 25c.
WILLIAM CORMACK. Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
Al.fc.-Vi » %» AATKD.
91.00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. The
manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID SELLING ladles' and men's
urers Fhoe known dertre men and women
demonstrators everywhere. Ten NEW, re-
markable sight selling health and -comfort
features; original selling plan; possibilities
unlimited. NO RISK. Write to-day.
Kushlon Komlort Shoe Co., 11&5 Market st.,
Kan Francisco. Cal.
AGENTS wanted In every town to sell Cof-
larln, the best cereal coffee on the market;
awarded gold medal by California State Ex-
position; exceptional opportunity for bright,
t-ncrgetic parties with small capital to estab-
lish a. profitable business; exclusive territory.
Cof-fartn Co.. 400 Jackson tt.
WE want men & women of good standing In
every community in United States & Can-
ada to represent us; hustlers, a* soon as they
learn the business, can earn 93 per day, up-
warU: so money required. T. J. BRAD-
SHAW. Pres.. R. C02 Granite block* St.
Louis, Mo.
EXCELLENT opportunity Is offered to a man
of character and ability, who can sell flret-
class Government bonds for monthly install-
tnents without risk; good commission-; people
who speak different languages preferred.
Rialto building, rooms 405-407.
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others. We start you in profitable majl-order
business at your home; pleasant work: 1m-
menee profits: unlimited possibilities: full in-
formation for stamp. Franklin-Howard Co.,
Denver. Colo.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Nov-
elty Sign Card*": ev*ry merchant buys from
10 to 1OO on eight: 80O varieties; catalogue
fr*e. SULLIVAN CO.. 1139 Maplewood ave.,
Chicago. III.
AGENTS— Send 20c in stamps for the handsome
"Blue Leaf Quota of Bible Quotations and
Selections." Agents are selling thousands of
. them. W. P. SMITH & CO., box 133S. Provi-
dence. R. I.
TREAT ave.. 1220— S. T. headquarters for
news and best selling goods for agents.
AGENTS — A new money-maker. F. PERSON.
477 and *7S Parrott building.
ATVO RN EY S- AT-LA W.
ADVICE FREE '....
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. B, 'Jl»5 Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
EOBT. W. KING. atty-at-!aw. Examiner bid.,
rm. Cll; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charge*; call or writs; even-
lngs by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous case*, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance: snen every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market St., r. 31.
ADVICE free divorce* a speclalty;qulck.qulet;
no «"liaxge without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.. opp. Hale'*.
AITKEN & AITKEN, attorneys. r«. 309-10-1 L
Clunle bldg.. 503 California St.; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; all cases; open evenings. M.
L. RYAN. 850 Market ft., cor. Stockton.
ALTOMOnlLES FOR SALE.
Steam touring car; nearly new; perfect condl- :
tlon: latest lmpts; distillate burner, <i b. p.;
J7ct>; write for photo: exchange for good land.
Elk Cyclery. F. S. Jacks, Napa. Cal.
til CYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
LADY'S wheel: good as new; 910. Call 766
Laguna street, carpenter shop.
UXRDS, DOGS. ETC,
¦
YOUKG talking parrots, J5 eacbjGerman singing
canarleb. i'J.; we will try to please you; every-
thing tn our line at right price*. 1546 Market.
ULSIXESS CHANCES^
BIG profits will be realized during the next
few weeks in December wteat; the oppor-
tunity now offered by wheat market for
realizing large profits seldom been equaled;
do not let this oportunity escape, but write
for free booklet, which tells all about orig-
inal methods; clearly explain* advantages of
wheat investments; no matter what your po-
sition or occupation, this booklet will prove
profitable; with the booklet we fiend latest in-
formation concerning wheat situation show-
ing Just how and when to Invest; experience
1st unnecessary and large capital not re-
quired; your account will be handled by an
experifneed and reliable broker and you will
be fully Informed as to progress of your ac-
count; investment subject to withdrawal on
demand and at all times under your con-
trol. Do not fail to Investigate our methods;
it costs you nothing and may be the means
of your realizing a fortune. Delmar Grain
Co., F.uite 11, Granite block. St. Louts, Mo.
$1500 — GROCERY and^bar; no opposition.
; 9300 to 91 500 — Cigar stores; bargains.
91500 — Drug store: good location.
91250 — Sporting saloon; down town.
91000 — French restaurant; a bargain.
9350— Stationery and bakery; good business.
FRED J. SCHMIDT. 1027H Market st.
920 EARNS 91000 IN ONE MONTH.
Th;.-i represents average profits for past 7
months; no oil wells, gold mines, grain or
stocks; a straightforward honorable business
proposition, coming from an established cor-
poration with 9100.000 capital; National
Bonk refc. : write for particulars. STAR &
CRESCENT CO., 226-8 La Salle st, Chicago
V C 'OULD you Invest 920 to make 91000? If «o.
ibuy 10U0 shares Gold Nugget stock; easy
.payments; par value 91; non-assessable;
O mines at Cripple Creek, now developing; ad-
jacent mines producing millions annually;
write for illustrated prospectus. KIMBALL
B INVESTMENT CO.. Denver. Colo. ,j
FOR sale— $1 1OO — A grocery and bar bus: nee*
in Western Addition; no offers less than that
amount will be considered. For full particu-
lars apply city credit department, TILL-
MANN & BEN DEL.
WANTED — Partner with small capital to take
half Interest in established business that
clears £300 per month: 975 per month guar-
anteed salary: investigate this offer at once.
Box 2471. Call office. ;..-•, ,,
FOR eale — Chicken ranch, 2% acres; horse and
wagon; 2 incubators. 300 chicken*; furnltur*
for 4-room bouse; houses and fences; rent
910. Apply M. E. GANS, end of Peralu-
ave.. Upper Fruitvale.
WELL-ESTABLISHED paying butcher busi-
ness for salo; party desires to sell owing to ill
health; Invoice 92000; shop fixtures, slaughU"
house, delivery wagons, etc. ; business U if
a proeperou* town. Box 2417, Call.
FOR eale — A No. 1 brewery plant, saloon and
dwelling all. in one property; good location;
easy teims: prosperous business. Addre*-
lock box 28. Healdsburg. Cal.
WELL-ESTABLISHED hardware business at
sacrifice. E. M. WINEGAR. 1320 Valencia
«.. near Twenty-fourth.
PHOTO studio In city; 15.000 good-paying neg-
atives; other Interests demand my attention;
no time for triflers. Box 2404, Call.
T"OR sale or r>nt — Fully equipped, modern.
paying hospital in Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 4S7. Ban. Bernardino.
BUSINESS CHANCES- — Continued.
NEW HOTEL FOR SALE.
A brand new brick hotel of 1C0 rooms, mag-
nificently furnished throughout with the very
best grade of furniture and carpets; located
In the very heart of the high-grade residence
hotel section on a corner and equipped with
every modern hotel convenience, such as?
electric lights, electric elevator, steam heat.
phones In every room, billiard room, grill
room, etc.; long lease; if youJre looking
simply for something cheap for speculation,
regardless of quality; don't bother with this;
but If you want a really high-grade propo-
sition for permanent Investment that will
yield good, steady returns and be a credit to |
you. by all means look into it. Apply rooms
1404-05, Call building.
TO LEASE.
On Mason st.. adjoining the "Poodle Dog."
a fine modern rooming-house of 103 rooms;
under construction, but almost finished; 50
tingle rooms and 65 baths; great location;
reasonable rent; a cure money winner if run
on the right plan. SPECK & CO., 607 Mar-
ket st. •
FOR sale — Furniture, carpets and good will ot
a new brick apartment house of 175 rooms
In the city's swellest locality; partly fur-
nished, and. although just opened. Is half I
filled with regular tenants already; long
lease; If you want an apartment house don't
fall to get particulars of this at rooms 1104-
1405. Call building.
CORNER lodging-house, 60 rooms, and every
' one big and sunny; downtown location; a new
house, nicely furnished: only opened a short
time, yet already on a paying basis; every-
thing modern — electric light, steam heat,
etc.; long lease; a good legitimate Investment;
offered lor what It's worth — not a cent less,
not a cent more. Apply. rooms 1404-1405, Call
building.
HONEST and sober partner wanted, lady or
gentleman, with 92OO, by well known opti-
cian; location Market st. Box 412G. Call.
PARTNER; good paying business. «2 Julian
ave., bet. Valencia and Mission. 14th & 15th.
CORPORATION controlling business estab-
lished 18C5, desires energetic business man
who can furnish unquestionable reference as
to ability and integrity to take management
of branch office for the State of Cal.; salary
$2500 per annum. Address Auditor's Dept.,
box 536. Madison. WIs.
FOR SALE — An tnside route on this paper.
¦For particulars apply at office. ¦
FRUIT and vegetable Btore for sale. 1105
Buchanan st.
ROAD house, store or saloon; 93750; a big
snap; store, or could make saloon and flat
above, together with about 4 acres fronting
204x042 feet on main county road adjoining
Oakland; property next to this sold for more
than double the amount: owner is non-resi-
dent and wants to clo*e out; building cost
f25O0 alone. THE ALDEN CO., 111S Broad-
way, Oakland.
; RESTAURANT— 91750— VALLEJO. CAL.
Central location; rent reasonable; 48 chairs
upper floor: 23 chairs ground floor: average
net profit per month 5150. J. H. HARVEY,
011 Market st.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
OPPORTUNITY for experienced liquor man as
co-worker and prospective stockholder In well
established liquor house. Applicants give age.
experience, references. Address box 620.
Sacramento. "
BRANCH bakery, laundry office, cigars, sta-
tionery, jiotlons for sale at less than invoice
price; good paying stand. 1007% Mkt.. rm.L
ACTIVE, reliable partner for fine paying office
business: good Income assured; $225 cash re-
qulred; splendid chance. 1QQ7VS Market, rm. 1.
OYSTER and chophouse for sale; no reason-
able offer refused. 160 Fifth gt. %
$350 — FINE little oyster and chophbuse; no op-
pcsHlon: clears $W). 55 Thlr* St.. room 1.
SPLENDID chance for bakery business; town,
near city; oven in place. S24 Potrero ave.
A bakery: delieacy ; all store trade; $25 a day;
price 91S00; no agents. 713 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '¦
LQDGINU-IiOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 900 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
PHONE JOHN 531.
27 YEARS SELLING HOUSES in this city.
See the following bargains:
10 rooms; Folsom St.; full of roomers. $223
7 rooms; modern flut; fine furniture.. 200
8 rooms; newly furnished; clears 923.. 175
14 rooms; exchange for larger house &O>
17 rooms; 0 rooms furnished; snap 600
8 rooms; Leavenworth St.; reduced to. &)*)
33 rooms; choice location; Oakland 3200
12 rooms; Geary st.; choice; transient.. 400
42 rooms; sunny corner: rent 9100 3200
30 rooms;, runny bay-window corner.... 2.s(»O
2tt rooms; Mission and Sixth sts.; snap. 1000
12 rooms; Taylor St.; transient only.... 700
00 rooms; Market st. ; offices; permanent 5500
62 rooms; part house; long lease 2000
8 rooms; cost 91300; a beauty: reduced. 750
' J8 rooms: newly furnished: long lease. 1200
H. C. DECKER, 000 Market, cor. Stockton.
7-ROOM house; only ?250; worth 9500; must
sell. DECKER. 000 Market St.
10O ROOMS; house for men; rent 9140 94000
5S rooms; south of Market; rent 9100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good income; rent 920 350
I 21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6300
67 rms.; apartments ; Western Add.; rent 230
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhousee. flats 3 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
FOR.nale cheap.
A good boarding and lodging house business
at the x terminus of the North Shore Railroad,
San Rafael. Cal.; excellent oportunity for
the right party. Write for particulars to
MRS. FERR1TER. San Rafael. Cal.
CLOSE & CO.. 1007% Market St.. room 1, hare
several mortgaged rooming houses whlcn
must be sold immediately: call and examine
«ur large free list; all offers considered.-
912,000— AN elegant hotel on Bush st.; 120
rooms; full of first-class roomers; rent ¥4 30
per room ver month. FRED J. SCHMIDT,
1027% Market st.
$1730—27 ROOMS; 3 years' lease; rent $70;
well furnished; part new; part housekeeping;
full steady roomers. MOSS.MAN, 850 Maiket.
HOW are you? Going East. 21 rooms; rent 950;
clears 9100. 1003 Howard st.
FOR sale — 9 furnished rooms and bath. 1079
Howard st.
SPIRITUALISM.
THOMAS OUELLETTE: special life readings
25c; absolutely free unless correct: full
names given. 34 Sixth ft., rooms 10 and 12.
CONSULT A. ERICKSON, spiritual medium,
clairvoyant and magnetic healer; life read-
Ings dally. 10 to 5. 100 McAllister, rm. 8.
ARRIVED-- PltOF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic; stamp for circular. 1112 Eddy
St., near Octavia.
A — ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance,
Sunday eve.. 30c. 1115 Post, 8 o'clock sharp.
KATIE HEUS8MAN, circle Friday evening,
20c; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium. 1000
Clay Bt. — Circles Sunday, 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m."
ATTENTION— Note Prof. Fred Evans' ad un-
der head of Sun, meetings. Office 1112 Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance cialrvoyantT
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDW a ARI \ EARLE ' 1052 Ellls - readings dally.
*:Z0 to 4 ; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVe"$2
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
91 91 91 91 91 91 91 91
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make you no charge if I fall to tell your
name, occupation and what you call for; I
promise to tell you whether husband wife or
sweetheart is true or false; to tell whom and
when you will marry; In fact I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself. He restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, causes speedy and
• happy marriages, makes you successful and
prosperous, cures disease and lost vitality
without medicine. . locates hidden treasures;
hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to 8
S26 O'Farrell St.. S26. j '
MME. M. BERNARD - THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life: 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4ftt!9. ¦_
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
.•t.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 0 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory aa In person; 3 questions answered. . 91 :
full life. 95; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MISS ZEMDAK, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
she has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
glvrs names; L. 30c, G. 91; 3 questions by
tn«u. i-2: hrs, 10 to fl. 714 Franklin .nr.G.G.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
A COOK for sanitarium, $40; a second girl for
Mare Island, $25; a parlormaid and waitress.
925: three German cooks for city, wages $30
each; a cook lor 1 month. 935; two girls
for city, wages 925 each: a French second
girl. city. |23; A French lady's maid. $30; a
nurse for 2 children In 8ausallto, $20; a sec-
ond girl for small family In Mare Island,
,923; a second girl for. San Rafael. 925; a
pook for American - family. In city. 935; a
girl for housework, 2 In family, 93T.; 10
waitresses for city hotels and boarding-
houses. $25 and $20: 20 housework girls for
££j^ d count "Tr. $25-920. . MISS PLUN-
KETT, 425 Sutter, near Powell. ¦ .
ACTIVE, neat young woman to iearn to carry
> empty oft tables In restaurant; first
week, $3; aecond, $4; third, $3; fourth. $6 and
S board; chance to learn waiting; also experi-
enced lunch and dinner waitress. 725 Markt.
GIRL for cooking and housework and assist
In care child; two adults and child In fam-
ily; six-room flat; good wages to competent
help. Call mornlnga 1529 Larkln st.
STENOGRAPHER: must be first class book-
keeper; apply in handwriting only: excep-
tional refs. req.; salary $100; also graduate
bus, college, well recom'ded. Box 2479, Call.
LADY | to represent us In every town in the
U. S. ; no work; no selling; large Income to
right carty. The European Import Co., 106
Pine street. .
LADIES to do piecework at home; we furnish
materials; pay $7 to 912 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to ROYAL CO.. 34 Monroe
St.. Chicago.
GIRLS — About 16. for factory work; good
wages; apply at once. AMES & HARRIS,
100 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class cook; references re-
quired. Call at 1000 Pacific avenue- on Tues-
day, between 10 and 12 o'clock.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking;
3 adults; no window cleaning; very email
washing; 925. Call 2721 Clay st.. Monday.
EXPERIENCED operators and learners on
muslin underwear. G. W. REYNOLDS CO.
505-307 Mission St.
WANTED^ — High grade ironer on fancy under-
wear, shirt waists, etc. The French Laundry
Company. 3372 Mission at.
WANTED— Apprentice at dressmaking; paid
while learning. Call Sunday forenoon, 1613A
Clay street.
WANTEDr-Saleailadles for laces, ribbon*
gloves at STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S. 107
st.
A WORKING housekeeper for 2 gentleman In
city; must cook well; wages $30. Call at
MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter. nr. Powell.
.WANTED — Thoroughly experienced saleslady
to take charge of veiling department.
MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED— Competent cook! good wages;
small family; city references required. 1240
O'FarreU at.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; wages
912. Call mornings, 3624 Army st.
ARTIST'S model; good pay; three hours' work
per day. Call at studio. 1055 Market St.
MANUFACTURING concern desires services of
woman not under 25. Box 2466, Call.
GOOD sewers wanted. GOLDSTEIN & CO .
733 Market St. ''
FRENCH girl; chamber work; children; Mon-
day and Tuesday 0 to 10. 1718 Jackson st.
YOUNG girl for care of two children; wages
$10. 1714 Geary st. ¦
! FIRST-CLASS trimmer and makers wanted.
H. P. DIN AN. 24 Kearny at.
COMPETENT cook for institution. 2344 Sut-
[ ter st.
[ A YOUNG lady able to hand and machine sew.
B. PASQUELE CO.. 123 Geary St.
WOMAN for general housework. Apply 82
Waller St., Monday; good wages.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; good
pay. C57 Minna st.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
arid a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott building. '
WANTED— Experienced salesladies for cloak
and suit department at STRAUSS & FROH-
MAN'S. 107 Post st.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew buttons on
shirts by hand; steady work. LEVI
STRAUSS A CO.. 3GVa Fremont St.; take ele-
vator; sea Mr. Henshaw.
i "O ' ~^~^~~
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages,
i Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
WANTED — First-clasp thoroughly experienced
cloak and suit saleswoman. Apply between
8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
A GOOD vest finisher; also girls vo learn vest
finishing; steady work. Apply 27 Geary St.,
top floor.
YOUNG girls to work on gloves: wages from
start. CARSON GLOVE CO., 123 Second st.
OVERSTITCH sllker on gloves; permanent po-
sition. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
WORKING housekeeper wanted. Box 2462,
Call office.
WANTED — Pants operators; union workshop;
union wages. Apply 27 Geary St.. S. N.
WOOD & CO.
WANTED — Pants finishers, union shop and
union wages. Apply at 27 Geary St., S. N.
WOOD & CO.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
are. and Waller st.
ERRAND girl wanted at 121 Poet St., room 43.
LADY piano player for country; must be
singer. Apply room 6, Hancock House.
WANTED — 2 ladies to travol with Rlngllng's
show; must be stout. Box 2430, Call.
A NURSE girl to take care of a baby. French
Laundry, 1253 Pacific st.
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 3. office 39,
Columbian building, 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
~~~
PACIFIC' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento St., 320.
Phone Main - ll'.tl. Corner Lcidesdorff st
Our office open to-day (Sunday) from 9 a. nr.
to 12 m. Call and see us.
A ASTORIA, OREGON— FEE 91.
S ASTORIA, NEAR PORTLAND.
T ; 2."> laborers. 92 25 day.
0 25 rockmen, 92 50 day.
R Board only $4 week; It's good com-
1 pany work; no strike; no discount;
A very cheap fare.
We are the only office that ships on this
job; better como and see us.
WILLITS— Ukiah Route— Free Fare— Fee 91.
10 laborers and teamsters, 92 23 day; 8 min-
ers, south, 975; bedmaker to-day, north,
B. H.. 930 found, i
FREE FARE — HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
25 Italians.- R.- R. work. In woods, sawmill
company, - $35 found. .Watch our ada in to-
morrow (Monday's) paper*; nlsj call and get
a list of Jobs to-day (Sunday), at PACIFIC
EMP. AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st. ?<
CIVIL service examinations^ — The dates for the
fall examinations are announced; chances
of appointment will be unusually good; for
full particulars as to nlarles, dates of exam.
! lnations. our method of preparing applicants,
' etc., .write for circular : No. 124. Address
National . Correspondence Institute, 927 Mar-
ket street. S. F.
TRAVELING salesman — To handle staple line
. especially adapted to holiday trade ; excep-
tional opportunity for wideawake hustler:
business established; references. Box 17,
Detroit. Mich. * ' ¦.'--:,
STENOGRAPHER — Young man for position In
¦ country town;, rapid and accurate, with some
1 knowledge of bookkeeping; i answer own
.;-.- handwriting; salary required. Box 4116, Call.
WANTED— 2 trimmers, 1 baker, 1 third cock,
3 * stewards. ¦ Apply SS. Silesia (bound for
Hamburg, Germany), Lombard-st. wharf,
Monday morning, / 7 o'clock.
ERRAND boys wanbd. MARKS BROS.. 1220
Market st. • '
WANTED— Clothing salesmen. Apply 8. N.
WOOD;&,CO..",740 Market st. .
WANTED— A first-class cutter. Apply S. N.
, WOOD & CO.. 740 Market rL JGeorge Schindler, who plays the har
monica ' better than any other, soloist of
that lastrument in this or any other
country, will be added to: the list of en
tertainers at the Orpheum on the new
programme to-day. • Mr. Schindler drop
ped into San Francisco : compartively un
heralded yesterday and was quickly snap
ped up by the Orpheum Circuit Company,
whose theatrical ; experts found out .what
a musical discovery he was.
Great Harmonica Player Here.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 29.—
A charter of Phi Gamma Delta has been
granted to a petitioning organization of
Stanford students. The installation of the
new chapter brings the number of men's
Greek letter fraternities at Stanford up
to fifteen. The local organization was in
existence during the past college year and
the charter was granted at the last an
nual convention of the fraternity, which
was held at Put-In-Bay, Ohio. The men
composing ' the ¦" Stanford chapter of Fiji
are:. H. Boyle, '04; :L>. E. Schultx, .'04;
R. D. Barrett. '04; .H. D. Wheeler. '04:
M. E: Van Dine, '04; James Hansen, '06;
W. H.; Bradley. '06; C. Hampton, '06;
George Sprlngmeyer, \ '03. They will ) oc
cupy the house 'in Palo- Alto formerly oc
cupied by the ; Kappa" Sigma fraternity , •
Students Ar« Granted a Charter.
The members of the Harmonie Singing
Society will gather at Ben Lomond in
the. Santa Cruz Mountains on September
5 for their annual outing and high Jinks,
which will last for three days. Great
preparations have been made for the
event and almost attractive programme
has been arranced. There will be va
rious athletic contests for which valua
ble prizes will be given. "Care and sor
row" will be burned with air due pomp
and ceremony In the midst of the red
woods. A large stage is being erected
and. the grounds will be illuminated with
a myriad of electric lights and lanterns.
A theatrical performance in a large tent
and a nacred concert will be two of the
many enjoyable features arranged by the
committee. Tho society Is composed of
the representative German citizens of this
city and vicinity, who are recognized as
the leading, exponents of German songs
and the kings of merrymakers.
Will Gather at Ben Lomond.
George Hooper, who has been connected
with his father, the late Major Hooper, in
the management of . the Occidental Hotel
for many years, severs his-: connection
with the house next Tuesday. .His retire
ment is deeply regretted.^as he is very
popular with all whom he met.
S. Melooidoo, a mining man of St. Paul,
Alaska, is at the Lick, accompanied by
his family. ,
\V. I. Lembley, connected with the
Treasury Department and stationed at Sea
Islands, Alaska, is at the Occidental.
Samuel Schmitz, one of the most ex
tensive fish packers of the Columbia Riv
er, is here from Astoria and registered at
the Occidental. . v
J. M. Neeland, manager of the Central
American division of the Pan-American
Railroad, arrived from Panama yesterday
and is registered at the Grand;
Phil Haquette leaves shortly for St.
Louis, where ho will enter into business.
For the last three years he has assisted,
his brother in the management of the
Palace of Art saloon. . ¦
•F. W. Baker, manager of t the London
Venture Mining Company of England, is
at the Palace. His corporation owns" the
Stratton mine In Montana and the Esper-'
ando mine in Mexico.
J. S. Goodwin of You Bet is at the.Uck.
Albert Hanford, a merchant of San Jose,
is a guest at the California.
Dr. Eugene Freer of New York is among
the arrivals at the Occidental.
N Baechtel, an extensive land owner of
Niles, Is a guest at the Grand.
H. A. V. Torchlana, a Watsonvlll© mer
chant, is registered at the Lick.
George H. Cowie, a well-known attor
ney of Stockton, Is at the California.
VST. P. Thomas, a well-known attorney
of likiah, la registered at the Grand.
j. C. Redpath, a mining man, is here
from Alaska and Is registered at the
Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The first of a scries of German theatri
cals, contemplated for the winter sea
son, will be given this evening at Turn
Verein Hall, under the direction of Mrs.
Mathllde Fleischer, a former favorite of
several stock companies.
There is a movement afoot to revive
public Interest in German performances
and the success of to-night's entertain
ment will have a material bearing on
the plans for future affairs. The pro
gramme to-night will Include a comedy,
specially written for the occasion by Jo
seph Kahler, the well known artist, and
entitled "Mlndreaders," and will be fol
lowed by another, "Manager and Debu
tante," In which Mrs. Fleischer will as
sume the leading role.
Among the others who will be In the
cast are Mrs. Martha Pholtes, Mrs. Louise
Fischer, Mrs. Josephine Walter, Mrs.
Neta " Mueller, Mrs. Carl Meier. Carl
Schaefer, Herman Wentzel, J. McRoberts
and Paul Sonnenberg, the well known
comedian.
Initial Performances to Be Given To-
Night at Hall of the Turn
Verein.
PLANNING- TO BEVIVE
GERMAN THEATRICALS
The rhinoceros is tied down every two weeks
and receives an oil bath, the keeper applying
neatsfoot oil with a stiff brush. The Ring
ling's specimen of this rarest of all wild ani
mala i» not more than three or four years
old and requires tho greatest of care because
In spito of this toughness of hide and general
appearance, he Is hard to keep alive in cap-
Monkeys require more attention than they
are worth. They must bo cleaned and brush
ed and the worn spots of their fur covered up,
as only a wild ' animal dealer knows how.
If they look weak or sickly they must be doc
tored and the animal hospital or tho winter
quarters has usually n. full complement of
monkey invalids. Snakes call for a good deal
of itroomlng. An expert can tell tho health
of a snake usually by looking at its skin.
The good appearance of a snake depends a
whole lot on washing and oil massaging.
Stranee as It may seem, lions aro not hard
to fix up in the way of toilet. Of coursa care
must be taken that the water Is not too cold,
because lions are sensitive to cold and apt to
go off with galloping consumption Hyenaa and
black leopards are ugly brutes and don't take
kndly to the water. They have to bo roped
down and muzzled in order to give them tho
necessary periodical bathing.
The manicuring of an elephant's great toes
is an 'art In itself. Tho old adage that one
can tell a gentleman by his finger nails Is true
In & limited sense of wild animals. No well
groomed elephant appears in publlo without
his nails carefully trimmed. If you look close
ly at tho elephant's foot you will 6ee that the
nail of each foot Is covered with a skin grow
ing far down,- not unlike that of a human
finger. In a well-kept elephant the skin Is
trimmed and pressed back as much as one's
fingers. The nail itself Is carefully filed down
to tho proper length. It should never bo
cut.
NEED MANICURING.
To go over a herd of elephants such as Ring
line; Brothers have In this cleaning way takes
ten or twelve weeks. Thousands of square feet
of hide rrraet be completely cleaned- and soft
ened. Of course these big beasts are washed
during the winter at short Intervals, but the
animal toilet just before the show leaves Is a
more elaborate, and serious undertaking. Of
course the men do not work on tho same ele
phant all these weeks. It takes several days
for the several baths to take effect and to pre
pare the skin for the new treatment.
In order to keep the skin soft and clean, it
is first carefully oiled. The oil is rubbed well
into the hide, and as a rule six or eight men
are set to work on the same animal. The oil
is applied with swabs of cotton waste and
thoroughly worked In. Some of the men at
tack the elephant's legs, while others climb
ladders and rub the upper reaches of the hugo
back. A keeper stands beside the elephant's
trunk with hooked stick, ready for any emer
gency. Should the elephant kick up in any
way the ladders would be overturned and the
oily back would be bad holding for those on
top. After the elephant Is massaged with oil
he is left alone for a couple of weeks. Tho
next treatment consists of a thorough scrub
bing. By this time the hardened layers aro
ready to come off.
The last treatment consists In sandpapering;
the entire surface. Th« hide, first softened
by oiling and massage and afterward cleaned,
is likely to still remain rough. Of all the
operations this sandpapering is the most
tedious. At best it jtroceeds very slowly. As
many men as can work about tho elephant
without getting In each other's way are de
tailed to sandpaper the same animal. They
attack Its legs, the turnk. even Its ears, all
rubbing vigorously. Again the ladders aro
brought out and leaned against the elephant,
while .workmen perch themselves upon its back
or tho top of its head and proceed to smooth
out the wrinkles. When this Is complete the
elephant cornea forth to all outward appear
ances as good as new. ' -
During the winter months tho circus animala
enjoy a deserved rest, and during this time
the keepers put them through a course of
bathing, combing, brushing and exercising, th«
fine effect of which shows itself when tb» cir
cus begins its annual tour.
GROOMING ELEPHANTS.
Take the circus, horse. Scarcely any society
belle could spend more time upon her toilet
than expert grooms bestow upon these high
etepplng animals. In caring for the wild ani
mals of the menageries' the methods ara usu
ally secret and guarded Jealously by each
kepeer. In tho case of Jungle beasts there ts
an element of danger which gives fascination
to the work.
"To get a wild animal Is one thing, to keep
it is another," said an authority on such
things. Elephants look dirty because of [ a.
habit they have of tossing scXt soil and straw
over their backs, but they are not. No human
being's skin gets more attention than the hides
of these big animals. They are brushed and
scrubbed time and again each day. Twice a
year they get a real Turkish bath, and thia
process is a slow one, taking nearly a month,
and keeps half a dozen' men busy. It may be
that this unending grooming makes their
hides sensitive and the dirt and straw throw*
Ing Is nature's relief. The polar bear Is
douched each day with icy cold water to keep
him trim looking and amiable. The hippo
potamus is scrubbed like a kitchen floor twice
a week. All wild animals are anxiously
looked after In this way by men who know
their nature and tho tray of making them ap
pear with their best foot forward.
Not every one knows that wild animala
must have valets to perform their toilets
and that upon tho proper exercise of this
practice- depends largely the ' health of
the beasts. Alt. T. Ringling, one of the
proprietors of the Rlngling Bros.' circus,
speaking of the care necessary for the
welfare of his menagerie, said:
Health of Captive Beasts De
pends Largely on Clean
liness.
Elaborate Toilet Neces
sary for the Care of
Elephants.
WILD ANIMALS
NEED GROOMING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY/AUGUST 30, 1903.
43
MAaRIAGE LICENSES.^ .-
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
John Munroe, 25. 1220 Green street,? and
Helen L. Segarlnl, 19. 530 Green street.
Daniel Tlerney. ST. 23% Dearborn street, and
Julia Buckley, 23, 118 Wildey avenue.
Carl E. Abrahamson. 30, 647 - Stevenson
street, and Selma Nelson. 24, 514 Valencia et.
Domenico Re. 20. 214 ColllngwoOd street,
and Louis* Chloeso, 18, 3620 Nineteenth street.
Frank J. Martin, 26, 638 Green street, and
Jennie Contrcras, 19. 413 Twenty-ninth street.
Charles Valenti. 41. 124 Green street, and
Rosa Ciardella. 34. 12« Green street.
Ferris f* Hartman. 41,* city, and Josephine
Da vie*. 22. city.
Daniel Barton. 28. Point nichmond. and
Madeline Black, 22, 1004 Van Ness avenue.
- Joseph- G. Ferbos, 27, San Jose, and Bessie
SI. Gilbert. 21, San Jose.
Henry D. Ashurst. 33. Valverde, Ariz., and
Mangle M. AKhurst, 28, Lewis. Cal.
Calvin P. Schultz. M . 00 Haight street, and
Minnie Moore, 2S, 60 Haight street.
George P. Beardaley Jr., 27, Cosmoa Club,
and Katharine J. Robinson, 20, 1938 Larkln st.
Archibald McArthur, 36. Fall Rlver>. Mills,
and Mary J. Toeher. 21. 263 Parker avenue.
• William Hughes. 61. 29 Clara street, and
Annie L.. Davis, 41, 29 Clara street.' . .-
Gottfried Drexe.1, 32. 221 Second street, and
Augusta Falls. 37, 592 Natoma street.
Daniel Wataan, 63, Grants Pass, Or., and
Adah Bishop, 53, Provo, Utah.
Leon G. Lauray, 27. 011 Sacramento Btreet.
and Germalne Mouton. 22. 127 Wildey avenue.
Neil P. Peterson, 21. Sacramento, and M.
Sophie Rohlinc. 18. Sacramento.
John J. Crowly Jr.. 2S, city, and Myrtle M.
Dartt. 19. Mendocino City.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and. residence of per-
seas authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BARTHOLD — In this city. August 12, 1903, "to
the wife of Robert M. Barthold. a daughter*!
COLBERT— In this city, August 23. 1903, to '
the wife of W. T. Colbert, a daughter. - •
DOWNIE — In this city, August 25, 1903, to
the wife of Harry J. Downie, a son.
EVA— In this city. August 22. 1903, to the
wife of J. M. Eva, a son.
: HORNUNG— In this city, August 19, 1903, to
the wife of Rudolph C. Hornuns, a son.
HOUGHTON— In Los Gatos. August 16, 1903,
to the wife of J. H. Hourhton, a son.
KEIL — la this city, August 15. 1903, to the
wife of O. C Kell, a daughter.
K3ENNET— In this city. August 27, l»08, to
the wife of Peter Kencey, a eon.
KROG— In this city, August 22. 1903. to the
wife of Captain C. N. Krog, a daughter.
MaDOWKLL — In this city, July 80, 1903, to
the wife of Alex McDowell, a son.
aiOFFATT— In this city, August 23, 1903, to
the wife of Horace W. Moffatt, a daughter.
NELSON— In this city. August 24, 1908, to the
wife of John O. Nelson, a son.
PAYNE— In this city, August 26, 1908, to the
wife of Albert E. Payne, a daughter.
, SAMUKL— In this city. August 28. 1003, to the
i wife of R. M. Samuel, a son.
THOMSON— In this city. August 29, 1903, to
the wife of George S. Thomson, a daughter.
WEIR — In this city, August 17. 1908, to the
wife of Robert J. A. Weir, a son.
MABBIED.
ANDERTON — PLACE — In this city, August
28. 1903, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor uf Trinity Methodlat Episcopal Church,
Kred S. Anderton of San Joee and Llbtrle H.
Place of Santa Barbara.
BURKE— SMITH— In this city. August 25,
1903, at St. James Church, by the Rev.
Father Griffin. Hugh W. Burke and Lorena
E. Smith, both of San Francisco.
CRAUS — BLOCH— In Oakland, August 23.
1903, by the Rev. Dr. A. B. J. Brown of
San Francisco, George Craus and Pauline
Bloch. both of Oakland.
GARDISER— McCREADY— In this city. Au-
gust 27. 1903, by the Rev. Father Heverin,
William F. Gatdiser and Charlotte E. Mc-
Oready. both of San Francisco.
HUGY — PROBERT— In thia city. August 26. i
190.'., by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, !
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
Charles W. Hugy and Louise Florence Pro-
bert. both of San Francisco.
MEHLER— KELLEY— In this city, August 26,
11X13, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
Edward M. Meh>r and Sarah J. Kelley,
both of Oakdale. Stanislaus County.
. _ DIED.
Anderson. Henry McGrath, Thomas
. . Burger. Charles McMahon. Thomas
rolbrandt. Delia Murphy, Thomaa H.
Crocker, Isaac B. Phillips, Hugh B.
Davis. David Phillips, James 8.
Driscoll. D. F. Head. Alice
Enkle. Herman Iloger*. Robert F.
Flynn, Patrick Rotger, Edward
Gaillard, Joseph - Swansonr Ouatava)
Gentry. Kate Ward, Harry
Haynes, Margaret .
ANDERSON— In this city. August 20. 1903.
Henry Anderson, a native of Norway, aged
63 years.
BURGER— In this city, August 27, 1303,
¦ Charles, dearly beloved husband of Gretchen
Burger, father of Pauline Burger, son of
Johannls and Frieda Burger of Germany,
and brother of Fritz, Katie and Marie Bur-
ger, a native of Weisse, Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, aged 34 years 5 months and 9 days.
A member of Eureka Lodgs No. »5, O. d. H.
S.; White Eagle Tribe No. 72. Imp. O. R.
M.. and Master Brewers' Association of Cali-
fornia. (Sacramento papers please .copy..)
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), from Pioneer Hall. Fourth street.
* near Market, where funeral services will be
held, commencing at 2:'-IO o'clock. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 ;
Mission Ftreet. between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COLBRANDT — In Eureka, Cal., August 22,
1903, Delia, beloved wife of William M. Col-
brandt. youngest daughter of the late James
an«l Ellen MrDermott, and sister of James
. McDermott. Mrs. M. Richmond, Mrs. C.
Ball and Mrs. J. Hartford, a native of B«-
nicia, Cal., aged 37 years 6 months and 26
days.
CROCKER— In this city, August 27. 1903, Isaac
B. Crocker, a native of Massachusetts, aged
77 year*.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral to-day
(6unda>), at 1:30 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. 266S Mission street, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and
A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Remain'; at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt, 2666 Mission street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third.
DAVIS— In this city. August 23, 1903. David,
beloved hubband of Lulu Davis, beloved, son
of Rachel and the late Morris Davis, and
brother of Abraham, Marc and the late
Lewis Davis, a native of Culmar, Posen.
Germany, aged 52 years 6 months and 3
day?.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-tlay
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 106 Austin avenue, near Polk street,
nnd thence by electric funeral car leaving
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock
to New Salem Cemetery for Interment.
Kindly omit flowers.
DRISCOLL— In this city, August 26, 1803, D.
- F. Driscoll, beloved father of Mrs. William
Sobbe. John A. Driscoll, Mrs. William Van
«le Water and Mrs. J. Patterson, and brother
jf Daniel Driscoll, a native of Ireland, aged
81 years 3 months and 4 days. (Boston pa-
pers please copy.)
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of JoBeph Hagaji, 1707 Sacramento
street, near Polk, thence to St. James
Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero streets,
where services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage.
ENKLE— In thi* city. August 2ft, 1903. Her-
man, beloved husband of Matilda E. Enkle,
and brother of Mrs. Rebecca -Marks, Mrs.
Lena Raphael, Mrs. Jennie Gosllner and Abe
and Charles Enkle, a native of New York,
aged 50 years and 1 month. ?¦
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, at the
irnal B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11
o'clock train. Officers and members of I. O.
B. B. Lodge No. 273 are respectfully invitftd
to attend the funeral.
• FLYNN — In Oakland. August 28. 1003, Pat-
rick Flynn, beloved husband of Johanna
Flynn; and father of Sara F., James T., M.
. Ella, Johr# P. and Margaret J. Flynn, a na-
tive of County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 04 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
'(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
-i Funeral Directors and Embalmers 1 —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at-S6tt MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
Jameo McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
—-Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 570.
F J. Monahan. . President. " .
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2333-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.
BAILWAY TBAVEI*
California
Limited ••*
Vo CHICAGO
P^pf^M] An Ideal Train
[fe^^^raj For Those Who
o .. SANTA FE TBAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Local OVrl'tl
[Daily Daily Dally Pally
Lv San Fran.... 7:30a 8:3Oa 4:00p S:CO p
Ar" Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:13 p
, "Merced ., l:05pil:53p 1:28»
! "Fresno ....?... 2:40p 3:2Op 3:13s>
• "Hanfort 4:53 p 4:07 p 7:50».
"Visalla : 4:65p 4:45p »:00»
• .," BakersfteldP ... 7:15p «:00 p 7:35*
1 "Kansa* City t 2:33 a 7:00*
' " Chlcag<> 2:13p 8:*7p
¦ • for morning; p for afternoon.
¦ 7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:&9 a. m. dally.
8:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday Is th*
. CALirOSlTTA I.IM1TH), carTyinsr Pal-
ace Slaepingr Cars) and Dining Cara
through to Chicago. Chair car rues to Bak«rB-
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. is. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Daily. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding traia
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. -la Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11 :10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally ts* the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers aad
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:23 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — Ml Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami are due to arrive at
SAN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Martet Street >
¦¦ LUtl — FkoM At8P»T 33. iitQg. — iUITI
7.00a Benicia. SuUun, Elmlra and Sacra-
* meuto V.25p
7-00a Vscavllle, Winters. Bamser. 7.25*
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo.
Kspa. Call«tog». Santa Boss 0.25?
1 7-30* Niles. Llvermore, Lathrop. Stock- '
ton.. 7.2Sr
S.OOa Davta.'Woodl»Tid. Knights Landing.
MaryiTtlle. 'Oroville. (connect*
stMsrytTllle for Gridlty.BIjgt
and Cairo) iji . 7-55»
8 CO a Atlantic Express— OffdeB snd Essi. 1025a
8-G0a Fort Costa, Martinez. Antioch. By-
ron,Tr»cy.Stoclttoa.S*cr»meato,
Los Danoa. -Mendota, Hanford.
' YlsAlla. PortervUle m4.2S»
8C0a Fort Costa. Martinez, Tracy. Lath-
rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Gosheo Junction, Hasford, VI-
«all», nskerafleid . r : 8-23*
1.30a Shasu Express — Davis. WUUams
(for BarUett Springs). Willow*.
tFrato. Bed Bluff. Portland 7.5 5*
8-30* 511es. San Jote. LlTermore. Stock*
. ton.Ione,S«cramento.Pl»cex»llle,
JiAryiTllle. Chlco, Red Bluff...... 42Sr
840a Oakdale. Chinese, Jameatowo. So-
Born, Tuolumne and Angels ..... 4.3SP
9-COa Martinez «ad Way dt»t!oni.,,. 8.5SP
1000a Vallejo- 12-25*
10.00a El Paso Paisenger. Eaatbonnd. —
Fort Costa. Martinez, Byron,
Tracy. Lsthrop. 8 cock too,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Baa- .
fl ford. Visalla, B»ier*aeld. Lo»
Angelee and El Paso. fWes*,
booad arrives vl» Coast Use)... «i.J3?
10.00a The Overland Limited — Of don. 1
Denver. Onaba. Chicago. B.zir
12 COm Hay ward. Niles and Wsy Sutloss. 3.25*
ti.OOF 6acrsment»RlTer Steameri.. iM.QIr
3.30r Benlcia. VTtnters. Saeransenta.
Woodl«nd. Wiiuams. Coln8a»Wll-
low*. Knights Landing. Marys- '
vine, Orovllle and way itatlons.. 10-oSa
3 30p Hsywnrd. Miles and Way 6Utlon».. 765r
4X0f M8ftlnez.S«nKanson.ValleJo,U»ps,
Calfitog*, Santa Iloia. 9-25«.
4-OOr Mortlcez.Tracy.Lathrop.Stocktoa. 102Sa
4 00p Nllea. Ltvermore. Stockton. Lodl..- 4.25P
4.30? Hayw&rd. Ullen. lrvlagton. Baa I tS.66*
Jos*. Llvermore CHI. 55a
BCOr The Owl Limited— Fretna, Tniare, .
BskersAeld. Loa Angeles 8.55a
5 COr Port Coita, Tracy, Stockton, Los
Banos 12-25i»
!530r Hayx;«rd. N'iles and San Jose 7 7Sk
6.C0r fisywird. KUes and Saa Jose.....:. 10 2Sa
85K }™«° •; 7S8 *
6-OOr Oriental Mall— Sacramento. Ojr<1f a, -,,
Denver. Omaha. St. Louis. Chl-
cagoandEaat. (Canietflrit-clsss
passenger* only out of San Fran-
cisco. Tourist car aad coach .
patsenger* for points beyond
Sacramento take "490 p. v. train j
to Keno. eoctisnlng thence In
their cars SrJctraJnesKwsrd.. 4.23*
7X0p Port Cotta, Benlcia. gutsan, Pavls.
Sacramento, Trackee. Reno.
Stops at all stations ean of
Sacramento 7-ESa
7X07 Esn Pablo. Port Costa, Martins*
•ndWay Stations 11.25*
8435r Oregott * California Express— Sac* ¦¦%,
7aaenlo. Marytvtlle. Redding.
Portland. Paget Sound and Eaat. 8-63*
t9A0r Hay ward, Mies and San Jose (Sna-
tfayonly) t1145*
11.2Sr Fon Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
-.«* .* '¦./ deito. Merced. Raymond (to To-
semlte), Fresno, Hanforct. VI-
¦alta. Bakersfleld 12 25;
COAST LINE (Sarrow tiaagej.
(Foot of Market Street.)
r $745A Santa Cruz Excursion (Suadsy
only)... «.10»
8.16a Kewark. CeatervlHe. San Jose. - .. ¦
Felton, Bociaer Creek, Santa
Crnx and Way Buttons. 8-25*
t2.18> Kewark. CentervUle. San Jose, ¦¦*¦.:
New AlnadeotLos 6ato«.F«lton.
Boolder Crnek, Saau Cnu and
Principal Way Stations 13-5aA
4.15? Nswark. San Josb. Los Gatos sad
way autioa* (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to SanU
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Connect* at Felton to ¦
and from Boulder Crock... , 18 .B> %
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN fKA.s CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SUpO
— 17:13 9rOO U:C0 a.X. 14)0 300 S.ISrJL
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0u »:••
tS:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 P».
COAST LI N E <Bi»ad ««««•).
¦ ry ( f bird and .f ownaend Streets.)
6.10a 6an Jese aad Way Stations......... 8-Jc7
1700a San Jose and "Way SuUons. S-38P
t7.15A Monterey and Santa Cruz Xxcor*
•Ion (Sunday only) ... tSSOr
/8-OOa New Almaden (Tnei.. Frtd.) .... JiAQf
8-COa CoaitLlne Limited— Stops oaly San
Jose, Ollroy (connection for Hol-
lister), Pajaro. Castrovllle, Sa-
linas, San Ardo, Paso Robles,
BanUMsrgarlts, Saa Lois Obiipo,
Gosdalupe, Surf (connection for
Lomsoc). Sanu Barbara. Sangria „
•nd Loa Angeles. Conneettoa as -
Ca* troville to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove 10.430
8.C0A Saa Jose. Tret P1ao».»C*pltol»,
6»nt*Craz,Fac!flcOrove.S»llaa*.
San Lnla Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-18*
10.30a San Joe and Way Stations........ ¦ 1.20P
11430a Cemetery Passenger — South San '
Francisco, San Bruno i 1.0Sr
1140a Santa Clara, Saa Jots, L«s G»U»
and Way Statloni ?. 740>
«U0p San Jote and Way Stations ... .... x7-60>
2.C0r San Jose andWay Buttons. ....... 13.40*
2.30P Cemetery Passenger — Sovth Ban
Franelico. Saa Bruno 4.38*
t3.CQr Del Monte F.xprets— Santa Clara.
Esv. Jote. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connecu at Santa ¦
Clara for Santa Cnu. Boulder
Creek and Marrow Oanr* Points) t12-13»
3 .3 Or Pacific Grove and Way Station*—
Marlrnirame.San Mateo,Bedwoo4. *
Menlo Park. Palo AIM, Mayneld, -
MounUtn Vtew. Lawrence, Santa
Clara. San Jose, (Gllrov, HoIlJ*-
ter. Tret Ptnoa), Pajaro, Wauoa*
¦•llle. Capitols. Santa Crnz. Caa.
trovtiie. Saltnae 1O48A
4-ZOr fan Jose and Way Stations 8-SAa.
iSCOi* San Jose. (t1» Santa Clara) lea
G atos. Wright and Principal Way
Stations rSJJCi
!630r San Jo»e and PrlncipalWay Stations t3-0OA
? 6-1 6r SaaMateo,BeresXoriJ3elinont.San
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t»«»
6^0r Ban Jose and Way Buttons. &3tU
7-COi* Sunset Limited. Bastbotmd.— Saa
Lnls Oblspo, Sanu Barbara, Le«
Aageles. Demlng.-EI Paso, Kew
Orleans, New York. (Wettbonad
arrives ? la SanJcaqaioYalley)... te%M*.
S.COt Palo Alto snd Way Buttons 1t-1&A
11-3Gr South San Francisco. MlUbrae.'t
Borllngame. Saa Kateo. BeV
mont. San Carlos, Redwood, +a ...
Fair Oaka. Menlo Park. Palo VtjSt
. Alto. May field, MounUin View. »?**
Sunnyvale. Lawrence, SanU
Clara and San Jose .)
A for Morning. P for Af teraeoa. "*""
X Saturday aad Snnday only. ¦ t Sunday oaly.
I Stops at an stations on Snnday.
t Sunday eicepietl a Saturday only. - -
« Via Coast Line. v Via Saa Joaaain Van*?.
"> A rrlve via Nile*. / Tuesday sad Friday.
• prOoly trains stopping at Valencia St. soothboas4
arsb:10A.»..t::(»A.it..n:00AOi..2:S0r^.afld*;30rj»,
The Weekly Call
*.$!'. per -Year*.:
££jJ£!lL.P_ EA>ri * G AXO CLEAXIXG. I
AIR. co:nt,reE»ed. dry. ice cold, la now univer-
sally utcd m t-;>r.:iari!y cleaning c&rpets. on i
nqor. wiihcut removal or injury; price* moo- ;
f, r . E }.*- A p.P* y B. F. COMPRESSED AIR !
<.LF.A.M.N.; CO.. Call big.; phone Main C2ST.
V. m HEN you two. me disrusted with your work I
?end fcr PPAULDING-8 Pioneer Cerpet-beil- 1
ing \* orka. 3S5-3ST Tthamt St.; tel. South 4a |
CALIFORNIA Carpel -beating Co.. J McQueen,
328 Guerrero *t. : tel. Mission' 48.
TRY HCPKE KtOa.; excellent carpet-beating;
Pialtrrttet made ever. 1432 Howard ;South 21B
ADVANCE Otrp^t Clear.lns Co.. 402 Gutter iu;
tel. Mam 3^4. CEO. WALCOM *. CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
-eascnablt. 1703 Harrt»cu st: te!_Ml6*lon 2W.
CO ,!i K1JXS fuoerior Carpet-beating Work*.
•s-~< Coiden Gate ave.: telephone East 12«.
¦» CHIROPODISTS.
I3UNL.VP FOOT INSTITUTE.^50 Geary— All
_Eliiri>T.t« of the fe#t cured: corns. hynions.»tc
COTTAGES TO LET.
$25 — 6 ROOMS, bath, eras; 12-foot basement:
srtable. 5 stalls: t>ultab!e for teamster, milk
depot, etc 4.0?^ 26th st., near Sanchez.
$M— 6-ROOM cotuge to let; key at Park
House. 2304 FMlton St.
COLLECTION OFFICES. .
BAN GHART~ik ~Y?EYErC
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Etrre^ Room 37.
HAt> tenant* ejected for *4; collections made;
cltr cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Mor.tr»>rnei-y. roomn W-1O: t«l. S5S0.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDowell" dressmaking
and millinery school
Has corcpJetrd 32 years of successful work: I
we teach everything a ftnt-class cutter or :
milliner is required to know to fill potiitioa I
or start i^buriness: increased corps of teach-
ers; now is the time to enter; patterns Vut \
to measure: lln-'iags fitted. 1013 Market St.
aicDCm'ELL Dre»sraaklng and Millinery School j
— At:} pattern cut to measure. 1018 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
ert't b-jtton & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEIXG AXD CLKAJVIXG.
£EA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lice curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3315 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. Wen 453. H. HICKMAN. prea.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL Csilegt of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Autnoreliip; largest In the West;
11 teachers; posltlc&s guaranteed; fall term
beglr.8 Sept. 7; day &. evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1285 Market, cor. Ninth.
JiEALirS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. 6.
F. — Bcokkeeping. ehortliand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; iXlua. catalogue free.
EAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern. progr*Mlve, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest.
easiest." 1 J moEt readable. Actual business
bookkeeping ; typewriter at home free.
COACHING, ficrn primary grade to High
School. ladu<2!r.g musjc and drawing, by ex-
perlp-ceed teacher; 50c an hour for single
lefson; reduction for more. MRS. E. BA-
KER, ?114 Washington; phone Stelner 2151.
IaTRES, 'thcJeadicg business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summer couree in all depart-
ments; hamiscrae catalogue free; llXe schoiar-
ca'p, $- r <0; Qay and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Lexkla st.
"A thnrougr; school" ; positions secured for]
graduates; modern methods: Individual In- I
etruciion. tVri'.e for illustrated catalogue. I
EMPLOYMEXT \VAXTED---MALE.
COACHMAN. 5 feet 10 inch.*, 1C0 lbs.; first-
class private family man; excelled r*fer-
encu. Please ttate terms or call at 1308
Jack.«cn street. Oakland.
GROCERY and bar clerk with city experience
wishes position. Address Clerk. 014A. Lax-
kla street. !_
FIRST-CLASS meat cook desires position in
hotrt, city or country; good references. Box
2463. Call office.
MAN and wife wltfe a child, like position In
country on fruit ranch or In Oakland. Ad-
dress 1637 Seventh st.. Oakland. . •* .
STENOGRAPHER. tsaJe. age 24. six years'
experience, capable secretary, desires poel-
tlon. Address boK 2477. Call office. .'
PHOTOGRAPHER desires employment; good
reliable man; 15 years' experience. Address
box 2*gT. Call office.
ENGINEER »nd electrician with 7 years' prac-
tlcal experience in charge of power nad light-
ing, plants; character and capacity equal to
any requirements. Address with particulars,
box Mil Call ciflce. Oakland.
SALESMAN. American, with Eastern experi-
ence", desires position with local firm: with
drug trade preferred; good references fur-
nished. Box 2456. Calk -
YOUNG man. with the best of city references. t
wishes a position taking orders and collect-
ing; c*sb bond given If require*. Box
2457. Call office. | j
MAN would like situation m watchman or any
light work; win furnish bonds It necessary.
Box 2458. Call. f
AN experienced Doultryroan wlsbo* sitnatlon
as manager: entire new plan and successful
new system ; parties desiring to establish
new plants given preference; correspondence
solicited. Box 3444. Call. __^__
YOUNO man. studying law. experienced
stenographer, desire* position In a good law
office. Box 2448. CalL
A SINGLE old German seek* rmploynient;
bookkeeping, caretaklnr. collecting, copying.
gardening, night clerking. Box 24C2. CalL
JAPANESE strong man wants a position to
do any kind work after 8:30 p. m. Address
T. AKE. 1217 Jones lit- j
JAPANESE couTJle want situations: man for
plain cook, wife for housework. GEORGE,
122 Golden Gate ave.
JAPANESE boy wants situation. FRANK.
807 ThirteenUi st. ; teL Page 4363.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established, at 1094
Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and beet In America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address la the
United States or Caaada cne year for il.
po»t«ce paid.
~ HORSES AXD WAGO.N9.
SECOND-HAND wire wheel buggy an* Jog
cart, Victoria, BrewKer coupe, surrey, phae-
ton, tandem oart, cheap. O'BRIEN'S, cor-
ner Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Horses. 8 head good ones, working
and driving; all warranted; one fine driving
hone: no trading or Jockeying. Corner First
st. and South Park.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harsoss must be sold at
secrifice. Corner ISth and Valencia sta.
FOR sale — Doctor's Stanhope phaeton; aa good
aa sew. At ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st.
CHEAP: registered thoroughbred filly: foaled
Feb. 10. 1901. 850 Market St.. room 5.
TWO second-hand wagons cheap, one laundry
and one grocery, at 570 Howard st.
SOUND yocng horse, true and gentle; weight
about 1S00; cheap. 2843 Mission si
GROCERY wagon. $25. Fifteenth and Shot-
*ell sts.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050,
HlNiIAN"S Acadercy; a thorough scbocl of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk »L.
between Pine and California; both adult and
ih:iflren"s classes are now open for the season.
HEALU 1^ School of Mines & Eiectrlclty.2-t Post
ft.. P. F. ; a practical echool of er.glneering;
'.complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE B'-rlitz School of Languages has removed
to K<00 v*r. Neaa ave.-. rates reduced during
Hiiiimfr Seed tor catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech., rur-
vey. atfsy. cyanide; day. eve,; est. 1&64. Van
i*r Nal'.len School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
fcVSTEM. discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
' 'JcldeTi Gat? aves-.S.F. ; fills every reQUlremnt
DASfCUIG Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evcn*ngs st Teutonia Hall, Howard
(Linear Niljth; management Prcf. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conaer-
\atory; lessons 75c and JL 34<J Golden Gate.
GUITAR a4.con.ra-"irnent tausht. S04A Turk
street.
AT Ki'i|TEla.r.(i Art Shop — Drawing, painting
nnd burnt wcrk. 116-i' Haight et., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
1-ARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine tt Night class.
LESSONS given la Water Color or Oil Paint-
' ; ing from Nature. CURRIER. S72 Sutter tt.
ARITHMETIC^ bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
•etc: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.eth.
Chicago Business College. 1135 Market. rr.lOth.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. >8 mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CEORGE AOKI. 421 Pest St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese - Ohinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contract*? f or farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlr.ese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main S752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; fad. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seucg's. 411 H O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY Sc CO.. 640 Clay.
tMJU-OVMEXT \VA\TED FEMALE.
A DRESSMAKER will accept a few more en-
Kagemems in families iu ladies' and chil-
dren's clothes; fl 35 per day: also reracxjei-
:ng garments. Box 2474, Call offic*.
DRESSMAKER: elto ruit maker; god cutter
and fitter: ocly first-cl&es work done;. In pri-
vate families by jiay or week MISS BARSS,
1024 Minion ft.
WANTED — A situation by good <*ha.mbermai<l;
iroM feainf trrss : first-class 'references. In-
quire by mall only to MRS. A. M.. 1919
Toik ft.
A THOROUGHLY competent bookkeeper and
Ft«nographer des!r« permanent position; ex-
cellent references. Bex 2472. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE Swedish* woman -wishes
work by the day. washing or cleaning. Ad-
drees C. £.. 127 Second st.
LADY » islies employment by day to mend and
repair. Call or address Sunday or Monday,
2*03 Clay «t.
COMPETENT Udies" tailor anfl dressmaker
withes engagements in families: $1 50 -*er
day: reference*. Box 412ft. Call office.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes situa-
tion tt> assist in housexArk: short distance In
country. Box 4121, Call office.
Call office.
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. S27 Sixth st.
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good home
more than price. 473 Valencia st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. Stt Mission gt.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A — PRINTED list of bouses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
AN etegant new vesldenee of 11 rooms and two
baths; SO2<5 Jackson St.. near Baker. Apply
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
BEFORE moving get our printed lint of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Pogt st.
SCOTT, 1*205. above Clay — Furniture, carpets,
etove. for sale: no dealers.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO let — Handsomely furnished house of 24
rooms and 3 bath rooms. Including parlor,
library and billiard room; Sutter st.. near
Van Ness ave. Apply to MADISON &
BURKE, GO Montgomery 8t.
A WELL furnished house, piano, S rooms; very
sunny: fine '.ocatton: 1375 Masonic avc. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
SUNNY detached house, fully furnished. 9
rooms: Western Add.: leas?. Box 2478, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Ifi pares. In wrapper, for ma! I Inc. $1 per year.
SUniKIIAN KKSIDICSCKS.
BEAUTIFUL Rusiian River at Monte Rio; 3-
room cottage; furnished; cheap; September.
824 Noe et.
HALLS TO LET\
VAN NESS avc. 318 — Large basement wijh
dance floor; suitable for prlv. dancing school.
LOST AND FOUND.
PARTIES who stole pocketbook from "Clifford"
Sat. eve., kindly return papers, etc., to MISS
E. DAVIS, Gen. Del., city, or communicate;
reward $5.
$10 REWARD — Lady's purse, containing two
rirgs, watch keys and owner's cards; lost
Saturday, 22d. Return 1156 Scott st.
LOST — A puree containing $72 and a gold
medal awarded to Cof-farin Co. for the b«Et
cereal coffee by the California State Exposi-
tion. A liberal reward will be paid for the
return of the medal to Cof-farin Co.. 400
Jackson Et.
LOST— Lady's watch attached to black- eilk
cord with fob chain and gold ring; liberal
reward, S. P. CO.'S agent. Corbm station,
via West Berkeley.
LOST — Lady's alligator purse, with coin, two
keys and pocket knife. Return tr. owner,
3750 Twenty-flret St.. or phone Blue 3751.
LOST— A pasfbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of MICHAEL J. FORTUNE. No. 248.-
134. The finder will please return to bank.
REWARD for return of dress suit ease marked
rJ. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchanan
st*. Return to Dramatic Review office. 28
Geary st.
LOST— Enameled flower pin containing 3 dia-
monds. Return nn. 305. Hearst bldg.; reward.
LOST — Collie dog; yellow and white; reward.
405 Montgomery St.; room 9..
A RESPECTABLE woman would like situation |
to do general housework; best of referenc*.
255 ftevrnson lit.
iji.'i.MA.V woman, first -ciaaa German cook,
war.ta i*>:ltloB la a German family. 103a
Buchanan et.
ULTINLD middle- aged lady want* housekeep-
tr'ii position: bc« references. 609 Polk st.
KIRPT-CL.AES launJreKS by the day, SI 60.
P'aojieMain 804. Box 41J7. Call office.
COMPETENT traircd nurse desires position.
Call to-day at 0S»5 Ellis ft.
COMPETENT hotel housekeeper desires posi-
tion in fir*t-<-lsu'» hotel as managing house-
hrepcr. Hret-class references. Box 2453. Call. \
yoi'NG sir! 17 years of age would like to take
care of a child and do light housework. Box I
24C1. C;'.!l office. -¦
A YOUNG woman Epeaktny several foreign
languages w!*,heg a ixwition for traveling in
Europe us :ady'6 rnald or take care children;
'My reference. Address box 2433. Call.
YOUNG lady experienced In general office
work, wars position: good penman; type-
¦Rrltir-e. Ucx 2145. Call.
DREHSMA KER - coins out by the day wishes
an a^'.5Utr.t. -Address box 2425. Call office.
V.-ANT a3s and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eatos's Bazaar. CS3 McAllister st.
CKEAW-3T nnd best In America— The Weekly
Call !8 page*, sent to any a<S<!r*»» in tne
ITn'f-rt Statin or Canada one y»ar for $1. ¦
EMl»IA>YME\T \VA XTED— MAJLB.
IiuriM-D. vc'i «-.j!j<-otf<J. active, um-ncum-
ba r«l pl'lerly w'flitwm. of perfect honetBty and
ir.iet-r'.'.y. 'lexire* •rmployment as guardian,
cukto^ian or traveling companion by land or
etc. P. O. box 2103. Ran Francisco, Cal.
A <;oor> txber-natured man desires position;
thoroughly ondeifstan-Js car* of horses, har-
ness end rlfc't: willing and t/Mlglng; bf»t ref-
••ntttcee. V. UEBEft, C29 Cxunmer -i-t «tt-
MAN coad at carpentering, patntliu . ' «1«-
tt-irit. en:pleyjn*nt. city or eounlr* . ttcadjr
and trllablf . Addret* hex 4113. Call offlcf.
TOUNG man would l!k* position to woric half
• Cay. Uox 4127. Call office. !
LOST— Email black silk and bead purse con-
taining vajuable ring. Reward at 22S1 Green.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
rold sni fllver to rrmke r.*w wrrch casn.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CHEAP stock, grain, fruit or general farm
wanted. Send description, terms, box 2470,
Call office.
SMALJ.. home In city, not over $3500. or va-
cant Jot. Description, terms, box 246S, Call.
! FRUIT or chicken ranch within 75 miles S. F.
j Send description, terms, box 2409, Call.
"' LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ean Francisco, , State of California. — Filed
August 25. 1903. ALBERT B. MAHONY,
Clerk by E. J. CASEY. Deputy Clerk; No.
29,150. Probate — In the matter of the estate
of ALICE SKAE. deceased. Notice for pub-
lication of time appointed for probate of will.
C C. P.. Sec. 1S03.— Notice Is hereby given
that Tuesday, the Sth day of September.
A. D. 19u3. at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day,
and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the City Hall, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
have been appointed as the time and place
for proving the duly authenticated copy of
the will and codicil of said ALICE SKAE.
deceased, and of the probate thereof, and
for hearing the application of MERCAN-
TILE TRUST COMPANY of San Francisco,
a corporation, for the issuance to It of let-
ters testamentary thereon. [Seal.] ALBERT
a MAHONY. Clerk, by E. J. CASEY.
D*puty Clerk. Dat»-d. August 25, A. D. 1903.
• MORRISON & COPE, attorneys for pe-
titioner^
THE drayaee firm of Baker Si Co. has dis-
solved partnership. R. T. Baker can be found
with Hulroo & Co.. 405 Front ct. Telephone
No. Main 17C7.
NOTICE 1* hereby riven that the grocery and
bar at !i~l Harrison *t. will change hands
about th» 1ft of September. -
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERiSq.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay..
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
. Sunday. August 30. 1803, at 1:30 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of. the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking; Company, 2175 Mission street, near
Twenty-flrst. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by, electric funeral car from corner'
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
SPARTAN Lodge No. 36. A. O. U. W.— Offi-
cers and members are requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother. G. Swanson,'
from the parlors of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, this
(Sunday) afternoon, at 1:30 o'clock sharp.
By order F. J. BOWLEN, M. W.
F. E. FARLEY. Recorder.
WARD — In this city, August 27, 1903, Harry
Ward, beloved son of Mary Head and the
late Christopher Ward, and father of Chris-
topher Ward, a native of England, aged 41
years and 12 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Carpenters' Union No. 22 are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from h!s late resi-
dence, 905 Buchanan street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery, s j
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 0 o'clock, from his late residence, north-
east comer of Jackson and Lyon streets,
thence to 8t. Vincent de Paul's Church,
Green and Stelner streets, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHILLIPS^ — In Santa Fe, N. M., August 27,
1903, Hugh B. Phillips, beloved son of the
late James 8. and Elllnor Phillips, and be-
loved brother of Tessle. Minnie and Anita
Phillips and Mrs. W. H. Patton. a native of
Boston, aged 28 years.
PHILLIPS— In Oakland, August 26, 1903,
James S Phillips, beloved father of Minnie,
Tessie and Anita Phillips, Mrs. W. H. Pat-
ton and the late Hugh B. Phillips, beloved
husband of the lata Elllnor Phillips, and
brother of T. K. and W. R. Phillips and
Mrs. R. C. CaMwell, a native of Belfast,
Ireland, aged 63 years.
READ— In this city. August 28, 1003, Alice,
dearly beloved wife of George Read, and de-
voted mother of Rosa, John and Alfred Read
and the late George, Lizzie and Alice Read,
a native of Malton, Yorkshire, England,
aged 60 years 10 months and 2 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1531 Howard street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
ROGERS— In this city, August 28.. 1903. Rob-
ert F., beloved husband of Francesca Rog-
er*, father of Robert T., Francesca M. and
Isabella E. Rogers, and brother of Edwin
V. Rogers and the late Mrs. Isabella R. Kin.
eey. (Cincinnati papers please copy.)
(C?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from ths parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment private.
ROTGER— In this city, August 29, 1903. Ed-
ward, beloved husband of Johanna Rotger,
and father of Adele. Lillian and Emll Rot-
ger, a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged
66 years 6 months and 21 days.
6WANSON-*-In this city. August 27. 1903,
. Gustavo, beloved husband of Anna Swanson,
and father of Alfrcda, Olga. August. Otheta,
Emit. David. Walter and Edward Swannon.
a native - of Sweden, aged 38 years and 7
months. •: ¦ '
t^The " funeral will take place to-day
• (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Paul's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
.A requiem high mass will be celebrated to'-
morrow (Monday), at 9 o'clock, at St. Paul's
•Church for the repose of his soul.
McMAHON— In this city, August 28. 1903,
Thomas, beloved son of John and Ann Mc-
Mahon, and brother of Katie and Annie Mc-
Mahon and Mrs. T. Sullivan, a native of
Drumshanbo, County Lei trim, aged
27' years. ¦ • -
CTThe funeral will • take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of James McMenomey & Bon, 1057 Mission
' street, near Seventh, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for aervlcea. Interment Holjr Cross
Cemetery.
MURPHY — In thi» city, August 29, 1903,
Thomas H.. beloved son of Alice and the late
Patrick Murphy, and brother of Annie. John
J. and Qertruds Murphy. Mrs. P. F. Whearty,
Mrs. Thomas J. Lynoh and Mrs. J. J. Girod.
a native of San Francisco, aged 84 years 8
months and 7 days.
fully invited to attend the funeral . Sunday,
• August 30, • 1003, ¦ at 2 o'clock, from bis late
residence. 1461 Seventh street, thence to Kt.
Patrick'* Church, where services will he
held at 2:30 o'clock. Interment 8t. Mary's
Cemetery. A solemn requiem mass will b»
celebrated at St. Patrick's Church on Mon-
day. August 31, 1003, at 9 o'clock, for the
repose of his soul.
GAILLARD — In this city, August 29, 1903. Jo-
seph Galllard. beloved brother of Mrs. Fanny
Morris, brother-in-law of Charles Morria,
and uncle of Mrs. Marie "Watkln, Frank
Lelay and Charlotte Morris, a native of Bel-
gium, aged 65 years.
|C7Xotlce of funeral hereafter. Kemains
at the parlor* of Julius S. Godeau,' 305 Mont-
gomery a-vonue. .
OENTRY — In this oity, August 29. 1903. Kate,
widow of the late Abner Gentry, a native of
Germany, aged 73 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect'
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAYNES— -In thia city, August 29, 1908, Mar-
garet Haynts, wife of the late Richard
Haynes, mother of- the late Thomas and
Margaret Bouse and the late Mrs. Ellen Me*
Kee, and sister of Mrs. Ellen O'Connor, a
native of County Kerry, ; Ireland, axed 78
years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her niece, Mrs. P. J. 8he«hy. 634 Folsom
Btreei. thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a eolemn lequiem high macs will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McORATH— In this city, August 28. '¦ 1903,
Thoman McGrath, dearly beloved son of
Daniel and the late Mary McGrath of Hack-
ensack N. J.. and brother of James, John,
AUie and Katie McGrath. a native of Hack-
•nsack. N. J.. aged 22 years.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Steamship
Tickets.
. At this office — 623
Market Street — you
can buy tickets to
, and from Europe via ,
almost every *; line
. crossing the Atlantic
'— the slowest as well
as the fastest; the
: cheapest as well as the
highest priced.
Now is the time to
reserve berths and this
.. is the place to reserve
them.
F. W. Thompson,
|yf|]lUmfjJITf|j Gen'l Western Agt.,
/^R»K{3|jHi. 623 Market St.,
lH§^*v3FB^£al San Frantisco.
CALIfORNU NORTHWESTERN HI. CO,
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISGU AhU NORTH PAClFli
RAILWAY COMPAinr.
Tlbnron Perxy, root of Market St.
SAW rBANCISCO TO SAW BAPAJQL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:33. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 3:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p m. •
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m-: 1:30,
2:30, 8:40. 6:10, '6:30, 11:30 p. m.
BA2T RAFAEL TO SAN TSANCZSOO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 6:50. 7:35,»7:5O. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. *2:00, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1 :43 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:80. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.; 1:43,
3:40. 4:60. 6:00. 6:20. 6:10, 6:23 p. m. ¦
• , . 'Except Saturdays.
Leave . I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.! May 3. 1003. ISan Pranclaco.
Week I Bun. I Destlna- 7 Sun- J Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. | Day.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ifaaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:80 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
I ¦ 7:23 p
7:30 a 7:30a 7:43 at 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20,?
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 pi 7:23 p
5:10 p 'Santa Rosa. j
7:8Oa 7:30 a ~ 10:29a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:23 p
" r ~"- j Wlndior. i "
7:80 a 7 30 a| Hcaldsourg, 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p] Oeyservllle. 7:23 p 7:25 p
| Cloverdale. ;
7:30a| 7:30 al . Hoptand . 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:80 p| 2:30p| and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a[ WUHts. | 7:23 pi 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Ouernevllle. ( 7:23 p( 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glea Elian. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a 110 :20a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| BebastcpoL I 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Oreen Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
' serville for Ska«BS Springs: at Cloverdale for
| the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Keloeyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake.
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
' Dell Lake. Witter Spring*, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullviUs, Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, 'Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino .City, ¦ Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal; at , Wllllt» : for Fort Bragg,
Westport. . Sherwood. Canto, CovelKs Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen'i' Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.*
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, - Chronic!*
building-.
H. C. WHITING. B, X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
a TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
-via Sausalito Ferry
~WEEK~ DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6:45,
+•7:45. 8:45, 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. '1:45. 3;15.
4-15 15:15. »6:15. 6:45. 0. 11:45 p. m.
*7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
M SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
ts t«9 tn.0. U. tll:30 a. m.. fl2:30 fl:Sm
'3:50 5, 6. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
" 'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p m. Sat-
urdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
ro FKOM 1 SAN a RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week day*— 5:25. J6:25, 7:40. 3:13, &:<*.
U-05 a. m.. 12:30. 2:20, J3:45. 4:50. 5:30. 6:43.
1O SIJNDAYS-38:1S. 7:35. tS:10. 9:40. nO:53.
ni-43 a xn.. 12:50. 2:30. $3:25. 4:40. JS:**
S-55 7:35. 10:2O p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:43. 8:25
9:45. U:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:43. 4:15. 8:10. 7iS.'
X0 9l?NDAYS-6:35, 7:53. 10 11:10 «. m.. 12:06.
103 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:06, 7:-0. 10:40 p. m.
l.TO. z.w. .jj^ougjj TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days— Cazadero aad way
8t 5:15 n p. m.. week days (Saturdays «xc«pted>—
Tomales and way stations.
8:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero an& way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— « a. xn., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m., Point
Reyes and way stations. ¦
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market «t^
FERRY — Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tia SnstUu ferry I Arrive
Saa Fran. H» *t Irk* at. Sea Kraa.
Week Sun- Sna- I Week
D«y»- <**T» jfigffiffflK Pay.
eTisi 8:ooa BgQa$gm i»TUoi;»7T5i
l:45r 9:00a VSSSraW I*:o0r3:30p
*:15r 1O:OOa %«£Se2# 3t30p 5:50*
11:30a *.3K.
, t:33p SiOOp .
fcetCTdayi fiij, uxn Tirtra T 8i30p,t.Tm37. ll:3Op
\ TICUT - J 626 Maxut St., (North Snore Railroa4)
07fICB ) and Saus auto Fury Foot Market St.
SUES MABY .MEA1TES' SOU
FOB HEB LIVING EXPENSES
Miller Alleges That He Provided for
>ter During Last Two Tears
of Her Life.
Just who shall pay for the board and
lodging of the late Mrs. Mary Meanes
from September 6, 1901, to March $, 1903.
is the question that is bothering Thomas
Meanes and Thomas M. Miller. The lat-
ter claims that Meanes should, and has
filed a suit to compel him to do so. The
amount Involved is $$03. . . .
Miller alleges that he and Thomas Bow-
man, kept the old lady during: the last
two years of her life. He says that he
repeatedly demanded of her son that he
should defray the cost of 'her living, and
was refused. Bowman assigned his claim
for' board to Miller," and .the suit re-
sulted. . >
. ¦ m ¦ - ;y
Accused of Selling Army Secret.
BERLIN, Aug. 29.— A sergeant and six
privates employed ; in the German army •
magazine near Metz have been arrested
on the charge of selling to agents of a
foreign power the secret "Of manufactur-
ing a new bomb fuse.
7 > * , " -. ' i « ?
¦WASHINGTON. Augr. 23.— Thfe President hu
appointed Edward ¦ W. Davis Register of the
Land Of nee at La Grande, Oregon.THE SAN FBANClSCq, CAIili, STJNDAY, AUGUST 30, I9Q3.
44
1111111 ;Fashion Makes Her Autumn Display TilST
(seared and yellow and brown) every- . At HqI_ 7^ IMliC "\\/ _3li3b Lf*" : • tor's profession could make them.
v-tiere, even on the ticket stands. Up • '. •" A^k I B I 1 fr"^ *lfc fill 1 '^<fc W W ft^ft^ 1%. • " Half that broad front Is ln wraps
therein eecond floor salon*, and aj- . JTIL &, IlCllV O 1 111^ T T Wl\ aS coBtumea and half in roilllneryr
S'ffi^tlc^^^^oo^t Early and full and authoritative. New York's fashion show- opens dayafterto-morrowin Madison Square Gardens.. San Francisco's -opens" ¦^^t^'^dfa^^SJSSS
m£S^!*3H^#£^^ to-morrow at Hale's. Such is the service and scope and enterprise of the Hale Organization. ' v ; * : . %£?%& Tork! m so^ D o o f £ d b a a y u
iSSorSoS^^^t'SSSJS! ; Opening did we say? Yes, and more. We'll not only give you a comprehensive idea of styles, but of prices, too. Gathering as bfoadly f p^ on iST mh r o f^l 9 A T th '
maturity, if a d g ht to see. . and largely as we do (for six busy stores)^ we naturally get the "inside." So this display is of double importance, [• *>**** *ai-™* *-*****.
Millinery eomes Out To=Morrow Tailoi^d Dresses: Magnificent Variety
The new liats have been peeping out for days past, ; but tomorrow the curtain goes up on a scene that has - "SUITS/' they are commonly termed, but American tailoring has developed'irito such an art that, the result is more
rarely been equaled eve:? at the height of the season.. Imagine finding such a profusion of ideas now on the very like a privately made dress than a cut-and-dricd suit. . In less than forty years the tailoring business of this
tlireshold of autumn. '' ' '. . country has jumped from seven- million to 700* million dollars a year. To-day it's next to tfietextile and iron and
Paris and New York hats are in abundance. . ', - ~.\ / steel industries. Such is the extent and importance of American gannent-making. .Yet the " garment? theinselves. are
And any number of the more staple. ones, as well as the most complete display of trimminR we ever attempted. Ostrich pjumes in more eloquent than Statistics. They show wonderftfl 'thought and genius. One doesn't wonder to look at thep^ at the
plain and shaded effects; birls (not hundreds, but thousands— like a big aviary).. Some of them worth up to $20 apiece. Even paradise ,. V * \L, , , ¦' ' 1 r 9 ¦ V • •- '•«• tj
plumage in its glory. And spangles and buckles and cut steel ornaments. It's to be as^complete an occasion as feminine- fancy could way women.are taking to them. They embody every earmark of exclusiveness, even to as perfect a tit as one coma
r i I."^!f^[l.,2f ? • ¦ ''^oRhHH A Ref Iec:tlon Q*--i83P : .Period ¦¦
tinentals — to remind one of Napoleon and the battlefield. . \ Telegrams y^j^^^KKSwiiBmlw^^^^^^S^Sf 1 r T : ~~i "^ '* ItOv -' a3 when our srrandmas had'such full skirts, -with hoops and hsri-
Others on the poke bonnet order and somewhat pictur- trFa^um^rhll-J^^Mm: • - ' e ' e S rams .zontal trimminRs. The hoops are minus this time. but. the trim-
esque effects take US into Napoleon's court and where m &n e K . to JESrSLS,S & ' There's a change in jackets. . mings are plus. Fringes in spots (the old way of putting them on
_. * T .. .. .. . . _, , new forms . er trimmings ara - - /. ';¦ ~ by the yard is no more), and buttons, laces, braids and- pendant
Empress Josephine was the ruling spirit. These poke b r°^t thI " ""on. ¦^^^M^^S^m^^aBKSESSBma^^Br^^// " And 3 change in skirls. • ornaments. * . • ¦ -. 1
-- r • ' T^t * 1*1 1 Tti© chapes &ro not bo <31ff«r*nt. * •y^^Sgys^ V^HBBMftMBPMHBR Utm^^Baw^S^^SSSS^^Hj^BSB^BB^^S^wJ jfcw* ' !__ " •* • *•
crtects are more lemnnnc. 1 here is something about the wher^the hat u. large. ir s lanej f^-W-3°^SglJr^^awBB^ w ¦ ~ T ~ ' ' ' Thc - drc . s?csartI ' anc y. andt I'«o* cr extreme', too, severely plain.
way they fit and frame the face; the way they cling close * ButTrJiaii on M *r» Bec n. to« „ W^^^^W^^^SilSj^S^^^^^^t^ grandnfa's -finjc/fojhV days ! • " • Thcsc ' simplc °' ncs are beautifuL Those v ; ith shaped, close-bat-
to the hair in the back: something about the soft effect !n q "£ "miifer 1^ is°a f™?Z • when the hopp'skirt was 'so • tonin S Prince A!ber * coats- have' a. 'swagger and.style ori^iaal
the tie gives the throat, that flatters all who wear them. SS^t^pSX' aad . ba< * come ' ' fffhooo t^time^b^v! *• - and f unn i" g \ Most a ]t th y ac t kcts^ e coatis-h-fallmg Just to
F.ictGes ana Gc^mias in aecp ncn tones stana nrst. bmoke »«f- th I e on m c 1 i It f, ry - b pl 1 umw - M the / - W\_HHfcillwS_k? s^^^^__KHl M/ braids, fancy braids. • straight to give dash and swing, to the coat. , •...-•;. •
color is another (London smoke, you might say). Pretty of them go soSar'a, a Lt \v\ '¦' •' So this mean* good-by tp the clinging materials. ' It's * jioelinea
blues are fashionable as well, as burnt orange. All of ni£iK^ h "^ /j^ifeflMW^^^S^-^^^-' K o™iuSe%^^ I Sth^^o P f O ?he a m ; "on- or broadcloths, or pann c cheviots,- or pebWe erctamine ch=-
them are shaded from light to dark. "Some of them blend «^o« al ". _«<!£&. ta . autumn \^8_WKWSv ' " * tSi?!?™iSiiiiteft SStt cSJ ' --^J blacks, browns, blues and grtens. . Mixtures "are
so artisticallv thev look like re painting. Black and white .. N T-^nefiT^^ lnt0 , tyl6 . 1 M- >^ W& - °'' h m[m^ l^ toc^ • good.. Some of the. .remind one of grandma's n^ carpet.
... , ;, / ." . -I- , f ..,.,, "No^. ood ties, tin tuhim : 1/7/ lu %\ V ' -T^ V^SH^^WB iTOl//V'^ * ¦ The prices ru»- from $t6.?o^o $7>oa I* would- be hard for us at
still hold a favorite place Velvets and zibeline cloths are the /K^ lf|. %^»WMrf . f^ w ife?| r «S^a5. e ?S? this time to; emphasize any price,: '• ,
the materials. Plumes, birds and spangles are the. chief w.xcomT\> the -pok^- *n« . II M W\. ' ?Ill^ur ' "' " Sdtouft«- pe trYmmiB Ol s buttons -• Etamme cheviots at $16.50. slettves,' cute* potljetf patent leath-
ornaments. But the best part of the display isn't here and For '"hi^bSln^. coming backi Iff • /il Ti • ' • 3 t - ary JL!^ 3 . Rgs - * cr bdts arc as unusual "at $16.50 as".th> $45; $50, $6s>nd $75 ones.
cannot be expressed— the feeling and individuality of the TOth .n"« 8^ catnes3 and complet »- Vt ' 1 WAV 1 W •' , ThiJ wi S5S r SS5it "£, "t& ¦¦ " f^^^SS^^it^^^^^^^i^iP
1 & . J in<3*penalnt it of pin— " ( A ' ™W -*P • ¦/•' Knees. Where the skirt has a them all. Even these Ly mahsville cfieviof ones at $f8.7J» aad the
hats. ' • •; with Jta old tlm« dainty ewcetne«» \ ¦ ' v'^ ' l A - train 'a Boinewhat longer length . beautiful zibeline costvmes.'in blac'rt, oxford,, jfreen and brown.
Invite you? We've already donethat behi-een the lines ' " j) ° f * Jle * trinca beneath thc gh«n."1 . - '.. ... • H|V' V v • .-y may bo chosen. - $32.50. $37.s'o; others at $23," $30", $45. But see them* . That's
• ' ** • . , ' .* , . .. - -\ : s -' v "¦ — — — — — > proof of the pudding. . -. . .;• : __ * ' -j:,.- • •*»
/-^^^^¦- ¦ • NCW DrGSS A^StCrisIS QoldJewelry . Come to-morrow and see all the new ideas in .."[. ' .\Jfg^-
9 il§liiP 'This action is. at its best now_ C om P l c te and suggestive If "a "^ r^Hil LlrGSS i^ l3.Il OCiS •'- J^^W^-
'^fr?W i^^ woman would think : of a new dress w have some timely hints to-day. Children'* DriS~fn Set,. ' - f ' , \ , , . . /^McK' - X . '
-=5te b^l^^^ Colored Materials r S SS 6 ln plaln chccks » 5 1 - 25 - »•». Lf°i| ld Gold Brooches ' Hearts and cuff .iliey have a new section to themselves and are spread out in a -'/i^^Si^f '
x5^fWx" V S^^fte;^£S-d b iar. 8 afe G^£^ dc ET 74 MINEe ' plaln black ' c B Rins2 - ?"*' - , ; /.^ >-^v - most tenr.uing fashion. ' ¦ .
¦ *? *_S^_B*3v fSSch fRrprd h ...innm 1 v.^ M ' Tt, o • 1 1 , AH under regular price; ell as good -There arc printed flannels that got White. Flannels, 25c, 40c and 50c Cr* ¦ » Z^ /A>\
C£ >K©rH^" ?J \ - ««>• cREPES ln au tumn shades, Jfr Q Silks a« they can h«v and all ln.<iew*de- their inspiration from summer wash Fmbroidcred Flanneh new ideas If * ?V_BBF31 , '^* \ ""
%m^%M VEXETIAN'S. 46. inches wide, «,00; 52 COLORED TAFFETAS, new autumn SS° W " • f0 * th ° first - tlme t0 - goods. If you stand- a ways off they 50c To $1.50 yard •' ' 3 f 'i; cflHl' j^t . "
'BB-rSSnR Bf^ctSTH 5^ inches i^tffSV^ !h^ a^pn" 1 b^cW 1 6l4c, S !,c and T^ ' WmKk^Al '' '
FMA VW. *^l ZIBELINE CHEVIOTB. 45 inches wide. inches, 75c yard. b ' Kha?7 whv we wt it it a bw. fi i "aye a nappy- back, a i OC yard. 3 • .",-; ••• - \ —^ ¦ j^ftl <'-' /
i^y^^^W' E n?w fc r"ds 2I 5^Se E s E wid e ?^ y frd! M> !» "SJife wk^" "^ ; ! "^:^ "^S^^^ .^^'"^ Sfe "S'^SSl 1 s r tripe ,^"f^i -,, '4 bargain or two also with \^ \iWgEf ~
mWl^m^ P b^wS C iS; A^fJ. n iroo W v a P 1Ue8> BLACK f TAFFETAS at«c. Thislsan CWllr^s In a s^t. 14 ; 2lSl&, «'/nW* to icnd-SbCcM interest' to • • ' JM^ " -"-
.••-•^SiWP^i^l*' FAVrv wm-Ri-TTvS ' A « -? exceptional value and the best that we carat gold plated. ;£5c. ; Regular .price Persian 8 tripe«. ' "*«-«« j/u^ iu J9g£f£ ffl
r i'A^f^i EOLKLTTLS, 4S Inches, Jl.o5 know of for tho monev; 22 lnchc? w'de COc. t>. *. r 1 ; ¦• • ' t- ih,- nrratin* • '. iSS^i- 'il " "
/ BoftrsnTncrq. f, , 1 v « eame f!Uallty - inch « «"^ • Gents' Watches. $6.7t gold filled, hunt- But for -wrappers there is nothing tfteoCCaSWIt. _S_ftSI
/ JfflMW&tQttfK nch^Tridp si -=P v«l5 y ' CREPE DE CHINE, entirely new lint-, iusr-caso or open face. 7 jewels, Co- as appropriate ns this cashmere __. ,,«..., • W'BvBw
/&%'$&VZ : i?yr i HAIRLINE ZIBELINEa « Inch »O0 of the latest colors. 24 Inches wide, S5c. rona^movements. One that we guar- .woven ilarincl in checks, ligrures, dots HaOCV WOOI WaiSI" ' • J^^H Bt
v { &&m$ : Fi y $&h PLAIN ZIBELINES, in' blues. ' creens, New Vf»lvpt« Hprp ' , ;" T ,, ' ¦ and stripes. • loc and 15c a yard. '" ." -.,. - • &f.,*.«jH
JfflMa'ffisr reds, brownB,. 51 inches wide. ?L25. new yci>ci& ncrc Pearl . Necklaces.. 1 oc. An j f or saC ques and loun^'nc JnSTS 5uC VQ ' af-^^'S
JKliC *-^ K^'cfe CTEV . f^?tKF?T#''^" He.'SSh:,:!::; Si^rS Regular Price7s/«ndMc. -^fflm
>^»Bt^l ;iV fH^'J«K IpTSTBc; are extra good for the money, jow out the suggest jom. New color- . rows are 65c. .... ; flannels. The .patterns arc richer and Ami plenty of them, too— 3000 ' ¦ J Jf|~BffiffPffifiWffl^
Mfyif&rt : ''H££$U^ 54 Inches wide ings are all in. $1.00 yard. . : Button Sets, 10c. dressier than ever. Those mottled, yard?. White and color grounds, 1jfi& c VS-'S^V-L- •'* m
- -/iSafWx&i 1 'h $WffivvRl& Four buttons, Etcrilns: silver. 14-carat clasliy, splashy effects in Persian col-, .striped patterns. Persian colorings, f«_ffBfflftflir TO r
Siilmm V Q-I-^^L- \\/l-l^^ D_f+ 5/-/>O^cr ¦^.Srie^ 3 ff^^Wi el fcu? e |r ? ri »^ that only; seeing vrill take in" all desirable for fall wearing WHP^ .
¦'¦•¦ *«l\^- r J%.*Vf LOCItV W niTC r CLLlCnflLS them now for. 10c. In zigzags and plaids. 15c and 20c. The manufacturer did not have full
~^/CS| lOTl^ J,- ***»-W Ji %^fcl.awv>M.^^ ¦ • _ ___ German eiderdowns for bath robes, stocks, so he let us have them at a HrRF .c; . VIMTiRT , rrtTWt
. ToClose Out for a Man . - Full SizeRecHning llSiiiliSll l^ffifl^^^i
** !^Q^^' ¦ (Brlnffa you tome very unusual values.) ; ' Ofl-L^l t*f Q "^54 ''OS quard weaves 75c and 85c ' a 8°°^ Stroke for US.: :' tons down front. Th» cut Is close, giving
77 - K , , 7 -, r '> -, . - It's at a loss. But that's the only way to get out of it. J^ U ~ Wcl ! *; & » •P^'*"* 7 . Plain French Flannels full line of 10c Wranner Flflnnek ftr one tfiat attenOon air. 532.30.
This Blue Zibeline Model The manu f acture r shipped skirts to different retailers withbiit orders. They even, have every im- co ioVing< Sc C - ™P P ?. r -^ Ia " ne^ f ?f . " . — —
That our a rtu-t has sketched shows many Then sold the accounts to his banker and skipped. The banker came to nrovement the more PxntMisive Fhnheis in sniirl ' rnlors -,11 «aa1 3 3°° yarns in this lot, .either in < light _ .
VSJg&gX^aSteJgflSZ """ 8 " ! " Ch % C ,TwK S - + at cT-^" 5 ' * C O " ¦• «te bac^ancT foot attachn^t • Wool f EidJrLvL, ,V n« w odors, I. dromed of ,«nc b«au-
front is a plaited panel. $42.00. 75c White Ski l*ts <\t59c rate back and toot attachment . plenty of them, 25c, 45c and 6oc yard, at 8c. : tiful fixings for Jhe new drcsv
VVUII1CI125 *J>IUL KingS above which arc clusters of fine tucks, extra dust ruffle. that S enameled 111 l?reen and /%/l « TP |_ TWT^ Cy f • ings. .<|5.00). Apain in flowers in silk
50c Ones at 35c ¦ V $1.00 Skirts at 79c $1.75 Skirts at $1.18. foot brake." V ; l lr\Qtil 1 IIQ IN CW OllirtS SSScSrS? S^ may be «»^ -^
Two styles. Cambric, four ttyles. umbrella shaped nounce. Cambric alsa, three pretty otyles. deep um- , Tli«» H» v f n » o ,,,/nKfli ,'rtf M) - f > MEDALLION DROPS is another feature.
Gauze 3i*le thread Stocking in a verv wlth two roWB of lace Insertion, cluster of brella lace flounce, with eevenrlnch ruffle of - 1 ,**C "CXI one WOriny. Ol.par^ a .. rf^ H* p»iV p- — Vf» ¦* *\. Vk They look like large buttons and soot-
ifTmSMMSSfS^dSS is. v g?jz2£i'i£!s* .sar-T!- rr,,ru'crrn l s t ,r.!,^r 1 ' 0^ tia,i ar notice is Are ; OutTo=Morrow~50c, 75c, $1.00- ffi l I s i tSf l _*.?_jr i ffi?1&
soles, one that fells right alonj? at soc, «rtion and lace on bottom. $-> OO Skirts at $1 "*8 ' ' The varietv is comnlete— thp nattprn<? nnrtlriilarlv *»fr«w,W and BOc each.
The other is a zisza.tr lacr li«1e «itnr1f- Fine cambric. nln« styles. a« well a« come three rows of Insertion point dc rarlslace Combination affair- in reed, with c 1 t. . . ,, ,• r« t • yard. In. black— beautiful, lustrous black.
ini;5^7^3nrS^fJt J'tiii?M T" 1 «—«"•«<>«"«¦ trimmed , with lace, deep i^X^\^' closely woveir 'swell front and UD- choOSlllg IS WOrth Something. Such pHCCS are, tOO. GRISAILLE Is another new Idea this sea.
in^ ma hermsdorlf black, with double two row. of lace lneertlon and fln« tucks. Another with wide lace ruffle and Insertion hoktwH <.,,;-!,!> 1 Z n Lfl ~« t- . "7. ,r r, - > .. ~^ > V» eon. It's in lace bands, black and white
soles,- heels and toes, in various open- 9 th .*™ **"" lace, wide torchon, cluster or with two rows of lace insertion. tuck» above noister 9. d c .M sl »on. and. <Jceo. .ruffled oOc— for men's Golf Shirts, new fall 75c-Mens Golf Shirts made of fine nilxed, 25c and 50c a yard,
work patterns. StockinRs that are not *" that - . ; parasol, new -gear m , prccn, rubber- patterns, made of madras cloth, and madras cloth with mercerized string ALLOVKR LACES are In a Point Ven-
to be had in the regular way under 50c. _ tire wheels, foot brake. ? cheviots in stripes and figures, .with j n str ipes do'ts and fitrures ' Hffhtf lse t 8t J r s 1 «v ( « cru or . Arablan snades: * 1 - 00
mrmmms^. ¦ Corset News a «*: ,, ,ss»p B =i3^is
Cisco to-morrow. 35c pair. - .. > T " *~* . ¦ $160^ 17; same for boys, sizes 12 to 14. 10 maicn,^cusnion necKDana and pearl all hand worked. J1.50 a yard.
New Spa^hlil Pieces t^ s J^2 °" Aul """ ! St^ s 1| vS'B&S '^^^^^S
ikriii u *i • 1 S 1 .u r -1 ; «i • «. -ii .,'^ > : ,. . roll swellfront TtVhMtitiL heavy quality percale and madras In fact, there seems to be no end to
AVlll be shown this week. , The length of the corset skirt will vary, dipping over the hip, with Sc.JJ* & \l ? „ SSSSiJi and white stripes, with collars and cloth, with two separate .collars and thls s P an 8 le ldca -
Tl-e patterns are particularlv lot l* r ° nt e^ tcnsion ' conforming to the figure intended, but will nbf beas - i^i siti'r ? ofrasol GeaJ and cuffs attached and one pocket; a one pair of cuffs hS match: the newest :
u.e patterns are particular^ extreme as in-some of the models shown last year, which have been dis- ™\UeuJ?lL??™&est splendid value at 5Oc. cut. cushion neckband, neat effects, in KITCHEN NEEDS
Clever and original— some of «rded practically from all lines. _ v ulieels a re the >ery_Iatest. 50c^Mens Golf Shirts, with two sep- %«t and dark colors: no better val- ivn S VS V^V
them worksof art »C J?^ f Sa T gC ?u C -°? ?u T ?¦ ? m t! ? C co r sct above and below . ,HoodTop'CarriajrC,$6:«;o. aratc collars and one pair of cuffs to ues ever offered at 7Sc. / AND HOW HALbS LAN
12-in ones 2fr .¦ ui?p t Anvcum onDcrT -l. j* 11 f x» • •• •" •' cear i<; «f i>f>1 ¦ anri vi>rv lir^vi' <v|/>e sinpcsanu soiia uiues, rnau» large in matcn, ail tne new 1a.11 patterns, made
f£ one"* 2?c and 30c siz« ? E pri«t?f^ "0 T$fo 5 ? SET CmbodlCS a11 ° f the above- ideas. A} 1 the^body^and good fitting; fine value with the latest improvements, and LITTLE MONEY.
20-in. ones, 45c, 55c. 65c. 73c ? ¦-______ ent- springs as well as footbrake. • at uOc. Same for boys, sizes 12 to 14. good values at gl.OO. Parlor Brooms 2 5 c-Regular 3S c
24-m. center pieces, round or square, Jnri f_ | f-^ * — /\ ' \- >*.¥ / —^ • « « one5f madc of fine sclccted coni,
5os3^5. 7 5 ± — I able Damasks 50c I in Pn Ho n a^i«rhipk 12}4c Pillow Cases Z^^XT^-^L^
Dinner DisheS • U r °° ks for a11 \ hc world Hke;$i.oo linen, in the L^lilWll 1 IClllU IVVI VlllVl^ _ Arc v e ry unu^ai *i broom for «c. J
c tf . same pattern and in the same apparent 'finish, but ' " . . . / "" t; • : '> 2400 of them, bleached, and in the . regular size Swifts Washing Powder i 4c~i lb.
?IS.OO sets at $10.95. it's a cotton mercerized. An idea with which house- " 1 Sc Val tie<sLJotO 3SC 45x36 inches. They're better in them than usually Packages.
Eauallv sood offers in senarati- kec P er s have taken up quickly. The beauty of it is \ ., , ¦ P . , , . : • .'•- , t go in I2}^c pillow cases. ¦-.•¦¦The manufacturer used up Turkey Dusters 15C--1:? inches, with
„—* * *» that it washes well and gives good satisfactipn. ' It 250 dozen—^odd dozens— this maker had: left after the busy his remnant ends of sheeting, so you get a bargain 100. feathers m each one.
ipjeces. doesn't lose its luster and get dull looking. 63 . season's sale The-'r^ nil ' nmw'''ariA fresh -*nd in nerfect condition and you get good pillow cases, too. ia>4c. Folding) Clothes Hangers 48c— 36
[ Th« «ts a« of Dnnieh eemi.porceiain, deco. inches wide, 50c a yard. ocdsuu & &axe. -i ne. , re- ail, new ana. iresn ana m periect conuiuon... ,, ., ,- --. . ____ .inches high, with 12-20 inch bars!
C^ni a f t^ S£ wT-IWttLfll _?r ZOT *m ' - Scores of st >' Ies such as >' ou would- pay - two and three times as /gf /M *W ¦ g a «? n c |^ B " te j; s 9c
I tct or th«n; 510.95. or a cotta« «ct o r w • OMflW^ri^v iffl^ much for in reeular st k ' v ' ¦ • > * jCgj^ 2^^ f^Slb >46r .«553SU Folding Sewing Tables 6gc.
pi> *ciat-8%!x. eoc Ma Jest TSiJy"^^^^ corners or lace borders with fancy hemstitching and embroidered corners; lace /£¥/ J^l *** * _^jWmSJ& Stove Mittens 10c — They have wnr>l
BSt^iaS rt5 C 2sl' IX# IL13 " W_2>SSST3; footing borders edged with lace; "hemstitched with embroidery corners; hem- M \^^j(*OOD GOOD&*^ S facin * as - we » a * a dauber. Sofd
h-in. vegetable dith«, 2Sc. *"^in *m^™^ Wntflftlt stitched with lace insertion and embroidered corners; wide valencicnnes lace • . ISc elsewhere. dttBflQH
23 ".. . Market Street near Sixth Market Street near' Sixth 0 " 301 " packa^ s -NEWS OF EUROPE'S CAPITALS TOLD BY THE CABLE
The Psychological Institute, which has been Jn existence about three years,
counts among its members some of the most conscientious and brilliant men of
letters and science In France, among them Th. Rlbot, Sully- Prudhomme, Seallles,
Tardes, Duclaux and ;Brouardel. ' 1 5
At a recent meeting of the institute he made an exhaustive address on "The
Action of Electricity Upon Human Beings." He spoke o r f the sudden shocks of
electricity, as well as the slow method by which It pervades the human system
without the patient being sensible of It-- He showed that "electric treatment Is ex
cellent for certain maladies of the skin, and that -lectri^clty has a powerful ef
fect on microbes and accelerated circulation and respiration ¦ without fatigue to
the person operated on. Moreover, what Is most important, he said that It acts
strongly on cellular vitality.
He added that electricity will bring about a therapeutic revolution.
PARIS, Aug. 29.— Electricity will be the sole medicine of the future, according
to Mr. d'Arsonval. a well-known savant of the Psychological Institute of Paris.
Electricity to Be Medicine of the Future.
The King and Queen also stopped from ea.riy Saturday afternoon, July 25.
until the following Monday morning with th<s Marquis a^jd Marchioness of Lon
donderry at Mount Stewart, the splendid seat of the<» Vane-Tempest-Stewart
family, near Newtownards, a few miles from Belfast. The Marquis, who ls the
sixth of the name, was Viceroy of Ireland from 1SS6 to 1SS9. He Is a very large
land owner, his estates comprising some 50,400 acres. » He and his devoted wife,
who was Lady Theresa Chetwynd-Talbot, daughter of the nineteenth Earl of
ShreVabury, make ideal hosts even for royalties. "°?+'£
Lord Mayor Fitzgerald of Cork, whom King Edward has created a baronet
in recognition of the royal party's cordial reception in that city, is a politician
of the New York Bowery order. J
On taking leave of. King Edward tho other day Fltzgejald consolingly said:
"I'll see you before long again, as I'm going to London In October."
Both the King and the Queen were delighted with Fitzgerald, ' and the Kins
tells everybody, about him.
Gurney, were married in 1S31 and have two charming daughters, the
Ladies Gladys Honor and M. Lillian Ward. Earl Dudley was not much In the
public eye until the Boer war assumed large proportions. i»He then rendered
most substantial service to the crown by proposing and helping to raise and
equip the Yeomanry Cavalry, with which he served In South Africa till near the
close of the war. '
DUBLIN,' Aug. 29.— On their arrival in -Ireland Klcr-g Edward and Queen
Alexandra wftre^ the guests, from Tuesday until Sat&rday, of the Earl
and Countess of Dudley, Viceroy and Vicereine of Ireland, at the vice
regal lodge, Dublin^ The Earl and his wife, who was . Miss Rachel
Earl Dudley, the Viceroy, Has a Splendid Record
for Services Performed During pecent
. War in South Africa.;-
KING EDWARD'S IRISH HOSTS
ARE DEVOTED TO THE:CROWN
In appearance the Prince ls a large, heavy man with hard, peie blue eyes, a
retreeXisg forehead and prominent nose. It seems that when he ls abroad in the
streets of Sofia he passes unsaluted and unnoticed, and this so annoyed him
upon one oocsxlon that he approached a group of workmen who had scarcely
glanced a* ft**n and eald: "Why do you not salute me?"
Fcr a moment no reply. At last one of the workmen answered, "If you wish
It we will «sJote you." Ceremoniously but most Ironically wa» the Prince salut
ed, acfl be passed on without so much as acknowledging the salute.
In referring to his subjects he said: "I can do anything I like with that
canaille." Indeed, since then he has frequently shown his disregard .for his : peo
ple by refusing to appear at Important national ceremonies and fetes, and It Is
known that he lives as little as possible at Sofia. V
SOFIA. Aug. 29.— Princes usually are popular, but Prince Ferdinand of Bul
garia Is an unfortunate exception. Perhaps the chief reason of his un
popularity ls a remark made to a Russian diplomat some time ago,
which, somehow or another, was made public, and la still remembered
with bitterness by the Bulgarians.
Says He Can Do What He Likes With His Sub
jects, Whom He Treats as Dogs and Whose
National Fetes He Avoids. . ¦' ' .
BULGARIA'S PRINCE IS MOST
UNPOPULAR WITH HIS PEOPLE
PARIS. Aug. 23.— A bronze head of
Roman workmanship recently discovered
on Ernest Chalon's estate in Aublgnan,
rrovence, in a fairly good state of pres
ervation proves to be the head of Her
silla, the Sabine woman carried away by
Romulus. After her death Hersllla, like
ber husband, was deified and took the
r.aine of Ora. This name ls perfectly de
cipherable on the head
Find Roman Head in France.
The commission finds that flies were the
active agents in the dissemination of en
teric fever In standing camps." It ls calcu
lated that enteric fever during the war
entailed an expenditure of upward of $30,
000.000. - ' -- • - ~ - wV \ ». »
1 WwilMralraMlwHrlrrTtltiiulfc ifflMi Jfli
LONDON, Aug. 29.— The report of the
commission which investigated the pre
valence of dysentery and enteric fever
among the British forces during the South
African war fills a bulky Blue Book,
which is issued to-day.
The Commissioners express the opinion
that there is no connection between the
two maladies. The comparative immunity
of the Boers from enteric fever Is attrib
uted to the boiling of their drinking
water.
War Costs Millions.
FAN -SOUVENIRS FOB
THE FAIB VISITORS
Continental Custom Will Be Adopted
by Famous Restaurateurs
of New York.
LONDON, Aug. 29.— Every American
woman who has been . to Armenonville,
the Cafe de Paris or -Maxim's for the last
few years has probably parried home one
of the souvenir fans which it is the fash
»Cm on the Continent, and in fome places
in England, to provide for the fair vis-
Jtors. New York restaurants are not go
ing to be left behind, I hear.
% M. Martin has placed a big order, wlth*a
Paris house for unique designs. Mr.,Rec
tor also has done likewise. Thus Broad
way becomes a . step nearer . the boule
vards . ¦ ...
NEW LINE WILL SHORTEN
•;^ : :j ;^ / DISTANCE TO GBEECE
Daily Trains Will Make Trip From
Paris to Athens in Sixty-
Two Hours.
' PARIS, Aug. 29.-The first section of a
new overland line to Greece will be opened
In November : next, thus establishing a
much shorter through line to Athens than
the present route via'Brindlsl. The lat
ter necessitates a sea voyage of forty
eight . hours. The new line reduces this
by half.
whe f n the 1Ine ls completed palatial
through trains will dally make an unin
terrupted overland trip from : Paris : to
Athens in sixty-two hours, at an average
speed of fifty kilometers an - hour/-: :
FAMOTTS ; HTJHBEB.T ; . HOUSE
MAY- BE HOME* OF . CLUB
Mansion in'« Paris Will , Probably Be
Occupied ' Soon \ by a ¦ Tour- •
"' r ing Association. *
PARIS, ' Aug. , 29.— The famous Humbert
house. No.- 65 "Avenue 'de la- Grande Ar
mee, will probably soon become the prop
erty of the Touring Club de France/which
secured an* option on it recently. J The
price agreed upon was 410.000f: ($82,000).'
,The u executive, committee of the Touring
Club strongly ; the • purchase,
which \fill be put to, a vote at the general
assembry of the club on September 22; The
house .would • be - used- as a , general ? head
quarters, j' which-; Is sadly needed ; by.*; the
organization* which has done so much ' for
cycling and autoraobillng. ' .
Kaiser Send9 Widow .Gift.
BERLIN.. Aug 29.— The Kaiser has sent
a ; gold chain with : a' diamond-studded
cross to the Widow 'Weinberger, the
mother of ! twelve fine soldier; boys, who,
after" retiring from the" service, formed
the . very/ successful . Endhaller Orchestra,
•¦¦• :¦'.¦ : ¦ m ¦ : '—^-'.' ¦¦' \ .
The World's Oldest Teacher.
v BERLIN, Aug. 29.— The oldest teacher
of the world- is presumably Herr^Dorfer,
in Sodehmen, ;! Prussia. -In ¦ spite.' of :. his
97 years < he Is still teaching. He never
has been 111 in his life. -#feSsH!8SSi«B*f
Mascagni Engaged on Four Operas.
j ROME, Aug. 23.— Mascagnl is doing an
other unprecedented work. He is now*
busy on ; four new operas, to each of
which he devotes' two hours per day— two
hours to "Marie Antoinette,", two hours to
"Frou-Fou,'.'. two hours to "Destllla'.* and
two hours to "Stella." '¦.'- *
. mm*
*' Carnegie Gives Dublin Library.
- LONDON, Aug. 29.— Andrew . Carnegie
has ! off erecf the city of -Dublin sum of
$140,000 toward the erection of a free pub
lic library, ¦ . ¦ ¦ _. _ • * :. . . _^_
SOME OF THE DISTINGUISHED RESIDENTS OF HIGH STATION AND GENTLE BIRTH WHO LAVISHLY EN
TERTAINED AT THEIR HANDSOME AND PALATIAL OFFICIAL RESIDENCES KING; EDWARD VII AND
QUEEN ALEXANDRA DURING THE ROYAL COUPLE'S RECENT VISIT TO THE EMERALD ISLE.' •
FIELD OF WATERLOO
TO BE MADE ATTRACTIVE
Ronds Leading to Battle Ground Are
to Be Transformed Into
"Wide Avenues.
BRUSSELS. Aug. 23.— The country
around the battlefield of Waterloo Is bp
ing Improved. Among other things the
road leading from the Lion of Waterloo to
the state roads of Mont St.. Jean, Blncbe
and Brussels Is to be transformed into an
avenue Eixty-nve feet wide. The route
from Brussels to Namur is likewise to be
improved.
A man named Julius Kotzke was sen
tenced to six months for lese majeste.
This was the fiftieth time that he was
sent to Jail, his former crimes including
theft, acts of violence and gross inde
cency. How a contemptible Individual
of that sort can libel an honest man, and
a monarch at that, is a puzzle.
. .."Nothing degrades Germany as much in
the eyes of the foreign world as the les«
majeste persecutions as practiced now,'*
Bays the Tageblatt, "and even If the
Kaiser succeeded In muzzling ua alto
gether, what would he gain thereby? Ha
can't muzzle the American press, and tha
papers of the United States will continue
to paint him as he la and to repeat his
words whether he likes it or not."
laws amended to the extent of
making It a punishable offense to report
the Kaiser's sayings and speeches with
out authority.
BERLIN. Aug. 20.— Liberal newspa
pers warn the Kaiser not to try
and have the present lese majeste
MOSCOW, Aug. 29.— A rich man of Mos
cow named Ivanoff sat dcwn to play a
came of cards at his club with a friend
named MaximoJX. lost heavily, and at
last, having no morelnoney, proposed his
wife as a wager. Maxlmoff had been pay-
Ing court to Mrs. Ivanoff for a long- time
and accepted eagerly, putting up CSO.OOO
as a counter wager. He won. Ivanoff,
beside himself, went Into the next room
and ehot himself.
Wealthy Bnssian Stakes His Better
Half Against $160,000 In _
Game of Cards.
I*OSES WIFE IK" GAMBIA
A2JT> COMMITS SUICIDE
German Newspapers
Demand Amendment
of the Law.
PRESS WARNS
KAISER TO
ABANDON GAG
Thus the natter has fallen through,
end It Is probable that this beautiful
chateau and fine park will pass Into the
hands of the builder.
Mr. VanderbUt refused to make the dif
ference, and the other side was stubborn.
They, however, reconsidered the offer, but
days passed without a definite decision
being arrived at, and Mr. VanderbUt, who
was to be received by the Emperor of
Germany, was obliged to leave for
Marl en bad.
The Comte de Franquevllle des Cen
dants, of Sebastlen Erard, replied thatan
offer of 20,000.000 franca would be consid
ered.
end exclusively American to boot,
has Just fallen through, owing to pro
crastination, on the part of the owners
of the Chateau de la. Muette.
The scheme was formulated by Cor
nelius Vanderbllt. who offered the heirs
to the property, once the residence of
Marie Antoinette, 15,000,000 francs,"
PARIS. Aug. 23.— The desire to es
tablish what might have been one
of the Inest art schools In Paris,
Will Not Carry Out His
Idea in French
Capital.
VANDERBILT
ART SCHOOL
PLAN FAILS
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY* -AUGUST 30, 1903.ery stable and - asked a. boy in front,
'Where's the theater?'
"•This is it,' he said.
" "Where's the manager?' ,
"That's him," he said.
" "Him* was a sporty looking customer
in an automobile hat and tweed suit that
looked as If- they had descended from a
turn at the Orpheum," pursued the actor,
"but I braced up and asked him if he
were the manager. He told me it was
none of my business, but when I per
suaded him : it was, he . showed me the
theater." Then I asked where the dress
ing-rooms were?"
"Can't you see them?" he asked.
"There was a sort of hayloft at the
side of the stage that might be mistaken
for a dressing-room" Mr. Oberle woefully
continued, "and I asked If that were one
of them." #
/VThem's 'em," the manager summed up.
/'I put a curtain across" the middle, and
'the ladies have one side, the gentlemen
the other." .
"I suppose I must have looked pretty
"rueful then, for he asked 'What's up?' "
said the amateur barnstormer, wrinkling
his brow at the remembrance.
"Don'tMhey speak?" he asked.
"We got $42 the first night. $63 the sec
ond and $80 the third out of Deming," Mr.
Oberle concluded.
take tickets -clear from Seattle to Boston
and work it that way.' It's cheaper. S.
Miller. Kent was - down there some time
ago with 'The j Cowboy and the Lady,'
and short on -a Swiftfoot Jim. He sent
for me— I was ' working for the water
company then— and the doctor consenting,
I went in my overalls ; to rehearsal. I
enjoyed it, I tell you."
¦ "You have played much down there?"
"Quite a little. At El Paso, at Albu
querque— that gambler, *I forget his name,
built the prettiest theater in New -Mexico
there and hadlit burned down on him by
the Mafia Society, so they said— then at
Deming.' But I must 'tell you about Dem
ing.' That's where we struck .the worst.
We got there" when, the town was full of
cowboys, who had 7 come In to- elect a
Sheriff. They had a candidate named
Roberts and the^other man was a half
breed Mexican,; a" clever, nice fellow. But
we were too much concerned ' about our
selves ' to ,• bother ¦ about the election/ "> I
found a parlor table and a couch for the
ladles .to sleep '¦ on*.' and -we put up 'with
bath tubs and floors. W.e dined at a Chi
nese restaurant -and the griddle the' steak
was ( fried" on " had - probably been : cleaned
in the days of Confucius. Not since. Then
I ' went • to ' look : for c. the th eater, r I wan-*
dered about until I came to a sort of llv-
"I sleep on the porch of my house gen
erally," he explained, "still, . It rarely
rains there."
'.'And what about th© creeping things?"
I shiver. V
"Oh, they don't hurt you. They never
touch a ¦ JUexlcan," with the . accent on
the "never." "Of course, 1 there are all
sorts of them, centipedes, scorpions,
tarantulas, trapdoor spiders and such,
and the first thing* the tourist sees down
there is this sort of thing on a card," and
with weirdly, crooked fingers and popping
eyes Mr. Oberle transformed himself Into
a sort of crabby monster that gave me all
kinds of Miss Muffety shivers. "But you
hardly ever hear of any one getting hurt,"
he consoled.
"Let's" change the subject," I suggest.
"What do you do with yourself down
there?"
'.'Have a ranch."
"And raise?"
"Alfalfa, chickens, . turkeys and ducks,"
the amateur, farmer replied proudly. "I
tried to revolutionize Arizona on the sub
ject of chicken farming. It doesn't pay
to go into It down; there for' Itself alone.
I knew ; one chap that put $5000 Into a
plant, incubators and things, and j I . could
have had tho place, with all the improve
ments—and all the chickens left— for $7 a
month. • • • • Now another fellow I know
has about S50 chickens, serves perhaps
forty families with milk with one helper,
has two helpers with his hay— sixty acres,
and makes a good penny out of eggs at 25
cents to 40 cents a dozen." ¦• '.:•'£/ r-lv-
"Why, that's ; cheap here," I insert
from the proud depths of my kitchen ex
perience. "I , thought everything was so
dear in Arizona?" , . '
"Most things are," the* Arizonan grant
ed. "But that is the kind of farming that
pays down there."
"How are the theaters?"
"The Dorl3 in Phoenix is the prettiest
theater in Arizona; there /aren't ¦'. very
many. It doesn't pay to play down there.
The traffic Is too high. With all the the
atrical reductions there is no. traveling for
less than 4% cents a mile. Well, you
know, what that means. Six cents Is the
ordinary fare. . No wonder ' things are
dear. Phoenix itself Isn't, on any line—
we're between two depots, the Southern
Pacific and the Santa Fe. That's why
there's so little crime there." •»,
• "?" . . * '. •"; '•
"WelC~fhey can't get away. We'd have
them in a day.* The "few /hobos > that ar
rive with the circuses all : get held up." '/.;
'"But. the' Doris is a fine little theater,"
he reverted, "and we do get a good com
nanv down ihera^ow and aeain. They.
phi! You can imagine the outcome. It
was absolutely un-American, and as fun
ny" (Mr. Oberle meant "absurd") "as
ever an English fellow could be.",
"You were long with Frohman as stage
manager?"
"Eight years." Mr. Oberle replied, re
gretfully leaving England. "I staged the
first Frohman production out here, 'Men
and Women' it was. 'I've been with Dan
Frohman, too, acting. I had the honor,
by the way, of speaking the first line In
the Empire Theater of New York— though
there is no tablet commemorating tho
event. • • • And I've been with Soth
ern. Seabrooke. I created the part of
Swiftfoot Jim with Nat Goodwin In 'The
Cowboy and the Lady* among other
things. I was acting the part of Sergeant
" Kellar In 'Arizona,' by the way when the
doctor ordered me to Arizona. Peculiar?"
I grant it. Then ask: "Since then you
have spent much time down there? Do
you like It?" _
"No place on earth like it," Mr. Oberle
expressed it "I was down there three
years, and slept indoors Just. three nights
in that time.'!
"Do they give you the roof here?" *
"No. and I Just stifle," * the actor
laughed, and stretched out his arms like
a cowboy. "But that shows you the kind
of climate Arizona has."
t "How about the rain?* -. * ' ¦ .
¦ <
Thomas Oberle of the Shenandoah Company Who Once Helped to Entertain the Late Queen Victoria at Windsor.
-¦-" " .- '¦ / \ ¦
THE time of Thomas Oberle's life—
Oberle, who has been spying for
the rebel army this week at the
California ? heater — seems to
have been when he went as "gen
tleman super" to -Windsor Castle, when
Queen Victoria commanded a performance
of "Carmen" there, with^Zelie de Lussan.
At least, that is what Mr. Oberle decided
to enlarge upon* when I went to chat with
him the other afternoon, that and Ari
zona, of which his description reads as if
he had it to sell: Slightly Jealous, as I
am fa the latter case for California, I
recognize that Mr. Oberle's enthusiasm
is no more than fit. When a man's life
has been saved propriety urges gratitude
to the medium, and to the well-known
virtues of the Arizonan climate the acttfi'
owes his life. Even so, however, he be
gan with London. He was "over there" —
as the Immortal Mrs. Pat urged me to
*a.y— as stage manager for Charles Froh
man in a production of "The Lost Para
dise" at the Adelphi Theater. It was is.
Zelie de Lussan's heyday and the Queen
had commanded Sir Augustus Harris to
produce "Carmen" at the castle with
Zelie as the point salient. The matter
r-ame up at the Greenroom Club, to Lon
don what the Lamb's is to New York,
and it was there that "Billy" Ablngd'an,
Sam Sothern (E. Sothern's brother) end
a tew other English' actors arranged a
visit to the high altar of -.the English
aristocracy for the pleasure of their
American brother.
"Billy Abingdon suggested It," Mr.
Oberle recalled gratefully. We sat in' the
office of the California Theater, with the
actor In the center of the stage, Mr. Apk
orman drawing up a contract with" %
pretty, young actress behind me; Mr.
Ravlin, the urbane business manager,
plying th,e fretful typewriter at my left,
and the Neill-Morosco manager encour
aging the interviewed e.t my right. Mr 3 .
Oberle's coat was buttoned at the top, so
1 don't know whether the red vest that
peeked above was intentional. He wore;
an Elks' pin and a. suit that Kardly sug
gested he would appear in overalls at re
hearsal, as he tells me he is wont to do
in Phoenix. " His rebellious eyebrows,
shelve over pleasant hazel eyes, whose
pupils have a melancholy trick of cling
ing to the lid?, and he yet bears the red : ;
brown label of the Arizona sun on his
well-cut visage.
"Billy Abingdon suggested ft," he said.
"We were at the Greenroom Club one,
day, talking about the royal performance!
cf 'Carmen,' and I said I'3. like very
much to go down to Windsor. I didn't
happen to be in request as Don Jose, and
neither did Sir Augustus Harris implore
Abingdon to appear as the toreador. In
fact, we neither of us could sing a note.
Still, we determined then and there that
Her Majesty should invite us to Windsor
Castle. I've got the 'command' yet ia'my
desk at home. The only way was to go
as 'gentlemen supers.' "
'Gentlemen supers'?" I Interrupted.
"There is in London," Mr. Oberle ex
plained, "a class of supers ¦who do noth
ing else but go on in evening dress — not
the mob and soldier sort, but supers who
must appear as gentlemen."
I forgot to ask here If there was a class
of ladies who had learned to keep their
mouths shut and wear the gown decollete
among the female "supes" of London.
"But as 'gentleman supers' we deter
mined to go down to Windsor," the actor
continued. "Altogether there were 409
people in that production, and anything
more inspiring than Harris' rehearsals
hasn't come within my experience. He
was everywhere. He rehearsed every
body, supers included, and I tell you it
was a production when he got through
with it"
"You have not yet told me what part
you played?" I suggest.
' I'm coming to that," the actor said.
"We — Abingdon, Sam Sothern, Charlie
Overton, Thornburgh, Seymour Hicks,
eight *or ten of us altogether went
as the halberdiers who arrest Don Jose!"
"At least you were not proud," I com
ment
"No." the actor laughed; "but it was
an experience altogether memorable. We,
of course, wtnt down by special train to
Windsor, and I shall never forget the
beauty of the little village, lying under
a violet twilight and with its lamps Just
beginning to gleam. • • • At the castle
ue dressed in St. George's Chapel. My
dressing-room was in the niche reserved
for the Queen of Portugal— there are
places reserved in the chapel for afl of
the rulers of the earth. I dressed quickly
for I wanted to get a look at the Queen
as she came in. I happened to be lucky,
and tfirough a row of equerries I got a
very near glimpse of her. A short, little
thing ehe was. with a beautiful face and
simple, royal manners. She was dressed
In the plainest possible way. • • • Of
course, the performance went well, and
afterward we were all cummond to cup
per. Tou can have no notion of the mag
niflcenee of the service if you haven't
been there."
"I haven't," I said. "Tell about it. But
I hope you got a souvenir spoon."
"I didn't," laughed the actor. "I did
better. I got a punch glass with "V. R.'
carved on it, with the lord chamberlain's
permission. Clarkson, the hairdresser to
the royal family, managed It for me. He
was a. funny chap, with a great way of
talking about 'When I saw the Queen
last,' 'Her Majesty said this and that to
me.' but he got me the glass. Tou have
to have the lord chamberlain's consent to
take anything from the palace— it's the
Eame as the Queen's."
"I do wish," I ineonsequently mur
mured, "that Gilbert had left me a shred
of Illusion as to lord chamberlains. I can
only see Dukes at thece a penny and
lord chamberlains waltzing through life
'Iolanthe' fashion."
The American returned: "He Is truly
a tremendously dignified person. And I
did dine off gold plate that night at
Windsor." I ,.
"Tell about the trtne," Mr. Parker In
terjected here.
"I'll do my best," the actor said. Then,
smiling a little guiltily, he began: "You
know, they served any kind of wine you
asked for at the banquet, but it Is all
served without labels on the bottles, and
I heard afterward that in the excitement
of my first meeting with royalty and
the strangeness generally I had chal
lenged the . lackey to prove it was Cha
teau he had given me. His astonish
ment went Into history. I don't answer
for the story, though."
"Ablngdon tells it the same way," Mr.
Parker confirmed.
"The wine labels are removed because
of advertisement?* I Inquired.
"Just bo," Mr. Oberle replied. "It is
further on record as to the banquet," he
then went on with a certain pride, "that
the royal train was kept waiting at Wind
sor station that night Tor three-quarters
of an hour for the 'gentleman supers.' '"
"How did you rank among the com
pany V
"Oh, between the chorus and the prin
cipals. We dined with the principals—
in the same room— and dressed under the
label, 'Gentlemen Bupers.* • • • The
London Pelican came to get my Impres
sions of the affair a day or two after
ward—the impressions of an American at
Windsor. They went about it in a truly
odd fashion. Their representative asked
me no ,cuestions. but said he could get
my opinions from my behavior at the re
hearsal I was conducting at the Adel-
TO-MORROW evening we shall
have an opportunity to see an
other Aida make-up, for to-mor
row evening with "Aiaa," as is
the time-honored custom, the Tlv
oli's grand opera season opans.
Like home without a mother would the
Tlvoli season be without an "Alda." The
opera, of course, offers exceptional oppor
tunity as a vehicle for exhibiting the re
sources of the singers. Then again, it is
Verdi at his best, in one of the most
finely melodious and |plendidly dramatic
operas" in the Italian repertoire.
Incidentally and frivolously, however,
there is usually a small extra Joy coming
In the Aida make-up, from Nordica'a
down. "An Ethiopian slave," the lady is
described by her creator. Camllle du
Locle, and the variety of her material
izations on the local stage has furnished
much harmless amusement. The striped
chocolate of De Ftate's motherly coun
tenance last year evoked an almost ribald
chuckle from the graceless. Dear lady!
thou couMst not at all understand the
profane American, who still saw thy hip-'
pered cheek whitest thou and Verdi at bis
sweetest sang "Fuggiam gll Ardori."
Anna Lichter'a fashion of going about
the thing was still more naive. Anna had
no mind to hide her plump prettinesa —
It was before her banting days — under
the tan alleged to be Ethiopian. Neither
had she a mind to wear the Pocahontas
sort of head-dress usually Imposed upon
an Alda. Her compromise was artless
ness Itself, one remembers. Correctly
chocolate was the plump left limb that
the bon ton of Ethiopia exposed to view,
correctly chocolate also the torso, but
Miss Lichter'a round cheeks and neck,
her dimpled arms, were .as frankly white
as God made 'em. It was a triumph of
piebaldry • '¦''¦¦ ." V
Marie Tavary's get-up was the first that
made me wish that It wero possible fcr (
the Ethiopian to change his skin. She
was my first Alda, and I was yet un
haxdened. But I Instinctively felt that
her greeny blonde wig, ochred cheeks, and
snuffy tights were not quite au fait,
neither tho cut of her costume, that wav
ered between that of the Epheslan Diana
and the Empress Josephine. ;> .-, .;
A smoky little dumpling of a person
called "Natall" was another early Alda
of mine. One forgave her a face that
could by no stretch of fancy be called
aught but dirty for its supreme good
humor. And. by the way. Is it usual for
the Ethiopian belle's damask cheek to
differ so strangely from her papa's? I
remember Natall's was distinctly a "horse
of another color" from that of her Amon
asro. She probably took after her
Effle Stewart looked like Silas Marner'a
Eppie, as if she .had "been In the coal
hole." As a make-up her AJda was tha
most woe-begone In my not limited ex
perience.
All of these good people, however, at
least made some concession to tradition,
that one of the world's great artists sin
gularly refused to make. I speak of Nor
dica. Her appearance In the part was
a glaring solecism. The costume was
wholly without character, half Greek.
half Italian, and her make-up suggested
almost anything but the Ethiopian slave
girl.
Remains now only Nice Barbareschl.
who looked and dressed the part with
singular fitness and beauty, and Eames —
the only Alda. .Who can forget that glori
ous pomegranate bloom of the Eames
Aida, the barbaric beauty of the cos
tume, the -simple and noble fashion of
the hair? A grateful audience, too com
monly supine under affrighting; assaults
upon Its vision, applauded to the echo
this most lovely gift to Its gallery of
stage pictures. >.
Neither here should be forgotten Maes
tro Salassa, -whose superbly pictured
Amonasro is worthy to rank with the
Eames Alda.
• • •
To-morrow evening, alas! wo shall not
have with us Maestro Salassa, but in
Adamo Gregoretti, who sings the Amon
asro role, Mr. Leahy modestly believes he
has an artist who Is now what our dear
old friend was in his palmiest days.
Lina de Benedetto, a dramatic soprano,
who comes with large reputation, will bo
the Alda of the cast, and Cloe Marche
slni—who will later challenge. comparisons
with Collamarlnl as Carmen— will be the
Amnerls. Emanuele Ischierdo. who is
also lavishly heralded, will t>o the Rhad
ames, and our old friend Dado steps asid«
to let us taste of Baldo Travaglini's qual
ity in the Ramphls role. Baldo will have
hard work to nil Augusto's place, but tha
cast gains by Dado's presence as the
King.
• • •
Tuesday evening will exhibit most of
the remaining members of the company.
"Lucia" Is the opera. In the title rolo
will appear Adelaide Tromben, to whom
rumor gives the chief fame of. the year's
organization. SIgnorina Tromben has the
promising title of the "Venetian night
ingale," and Is said to have the willing
ear of Europe.
Agostini will be heard for the first time
as Edgar and needs no Introduction to
San Francisco. I hear he looks thinner
than when we sent him away last year.
He'll probably mend a' that before the
Week's out. Such a handshaking as there
was when the silver-voiced tenor walked
into the Tlvoll last Wednesday!
Others who will appear In the Immortal
sextet are Guiseppe Zanlnl, as Henry
Ash ton: Alfredo Tedeschl. as Buckfaw,
and Dado, of course, as Raymond.
Mr. Steindorff, too, over and above
everything, will be in front of a largely
augmented orchestra and a picked chorus
that has been singing its best for weeks
past. • Ladles and gentlemen, the opera is
served !
The Philharmonic Symphony orchestra
has begun work and announces this year
as its president Glulio Minettl, who also
continues as conductor. No better choics
could have been made, as those remem
bering Mr. Mlnettl's excellent guidance of
the society's fortunes last year will heart
ily agree. It Is long since the affairs of
this long famous society- were In such
flourishing condition and the prospects
for the coming season argue the contin
uance of its prosperity. Mr. Minetti has
a number of novelties in contemplation
for. the season's programme. As before
the rehearsals will take place on Monday
evenings at Curtaz Hall, to which appli
cations for membership in the society
should be sent to the secretary.
Women interested in ensemble singing
will do well to Join the Treble Clef Club,
a bright little band of singers that this
week began the fifth year of their pleas
ant work. The club meets at Elks* Hall
on Monday afternoons at 2:30 o'clock and
those desirous of joining should make
early application to the secretary, Ada D.
Norton, 420 Emma Spreckels building.'
Mls9 Pearl Guzman, who has the im
portant role of the dashing widow In
"The Prince if Pllsen." is a Boston girl,
who was well known as a soloist of- tha
Symphony Orchestra before she decided
to go upon the stage. Starting in tha
chorus of "The Prince of Pllsen" she was
soon promoted to be the San Francisco
"girl In "The Song of the Cities" and
achieved such a pronounced success that
late in the New York run she was given
the. Important role of Mrs. Crocker, in
which she made a decided hit. She left
Boston a chorus girl and returns as one
of the principal* ,,
.¦'....- ¦ ;ti^j - • ¦•:;•! '•'¦'¦-,¦¦' : ¦-: - - - . . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ - -
BYBiANCH^ PARPKGTOK
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
46the ftit *>t the £*ograftim» being lh*«r
rendition «r **Th» Owl •«* th« Tutsy
Cat_*» whtctk vat cncoreiS tlm# anS again.
The serxing «f f efrtshmetitt and 4ftndng
Jollo w#d. This tent fufp«9es to «H * a
like entcftaihfflenC 49% tb« %MsA l>U!a>*
Mgbi of *ach toOBth, ¦ ¦ J : ~>\ ' \
Oolcjen %Vest Tent U». it ?• »ertIogA«U
a tiovr dcifN-r tr»m «i«H.th* Mea that
tt *h»ll *of k tn eonjnnctton with th* t •*•
?sting team, »¥hic»» l» ih# pa»t hut be«n
%ha tocaij of 4h« <Aegree team* tn th» 8tat«,
Witb %h» new team there trtlt.t* Snitls*
Cion* «wic# * aionth. °Oa Cn» last Thurs*
£af in geptembef |ht* tent will «i«» %
foclat in 4h» %rmoT9 t $8 Gotd«fi Gat* %¦*»
ijiw« t »n4 wilt thereaitrt* t%vt % aoeial
jvpil «nc« * Jwonth* «M th« «orjew hpl.J
Au£rust 25 thef* %rer« »evef at atf angcf » for
fnJUatton. Th<? teftt'ls r «tri»lrig to Utaiit
¦Vfa.-t 500 sna»S: before the clos§- o* th# ar.
€an Jp'rancUeo Kiv» >»o. t «t th» I*
dlea of th« Maccabeca rave'lti fifst grand
ball Jn Golden Gate Armory on the even.*
Ing ef August IS.; At that time the drill
corps , ct » that 1 : organization, .tinier the
leadership cf Captain Jiat«». Ilaw, tnadla
if Srst appearance In t>ut)11c ; The ladle*
vretm attired fa neat costume* of th» eoj*
«rs «t th» «tder*-rea. whlto «nd tlaeh«»
•hof{ t cktrt» "on<S martar boards. Kacft
lady • carried : a »pear«' ¦•¦ (1 < rh# 4f Ul ' waa or*
that ahowed that the Jadie* had pa^l tar*
tlcuTar iirttnUcr* , to : th« j jn»trac«0D» ( et
th«1f «ril4;ftiastef »n4,th« 'many cvolu*
tton* pMsehteiJ, fog«thef with th» forma*
tion ' «f %hm\ tnttial»' ef * the of Aer of; tht
knigtat «tsd of lh« ladieft in living f gur«».
w«r» vcty frctty mn<\ won Tnuch app1*U8*
Jron* ,\h» many .¦wfto> *ref e in atT*ndanc#.
JLmmG theeeiwere th* record keeper* of
thg'varteu*. festjr ot'JfpFtheru ¦C*litotnJjk
-- ' ¦ : ii ¦ - v:':, .: ¦ ; ¦' ¦
wfee> that tfay. fcafl m*l in €©nr««t!eft *aft
Francises. Division So. f. Oakland 131 vi.
«ion No. II »n<5 Golden West • Division 8*9:
IS in uniform, vha v*r« th»: suests ef
lionor t>t thsfciv*. *h»"t>a!l.wa« a great
fu«tfes»; more than' 2M Couplet fctintf la
the *r«Ad snurcn. \ • •-...-:•
.^Improved Red Men*
QJftBAT SACHEM SAMtJEtS >f th»
.'- Jnipi»»e4'Ord«r «f *«<! Me» t» p»e«
- fating M« 7 flret «!reu*af. ; , ,tn ¦ *hi#
he trtlt effer A J»utnbe»>f 'ffopMeS 1 «• %e
«OB»t»ete<l for \ t>» I h» «Ji*ef *nj team* o| .
th© Jurisdiction -J& th« «o«feirVi« o{ the
»e»«fali«I«;grte». > ¦••. ' •'.. ' "• !
:. Th« . «*ophie» ths* *'er», olfef e£ . fcy •• ,«he ,
eireat »ache*n during th« : preceding, term
t« Ui« ; tribe* which should secure the
- ....-¦ ¦ *«r- '¦
Women Who Have Attained Prominence '-in Local Fraternal Societies *
SAN FRANCISCO TENT NO. 14 of
the Maccabees gave an entertain
ment in it« meeting placed in the
Pioneer building on tho third , Friday In
August, which was one of tho most cni
Joyab^ of the many pleasani Juaclion»
that this tent has ever given ie its Jocale.
The many sir knights and sheir lady
friends by their presence tesiifled %» th»
popularity of these social ?un2tion*/ The
following was the programme,, tinder the
direction of Sir Krilgh'J Comman*
der Chester Smith, who kct«& a*
the master * of ceremonies: Mfu<5i»
cal selections by the &Iaccabe«« MaAe
dolin and Zither Club; violin *oTc«, Mis*
Phebe Gibson, accompanied o.? Mis* Bell*
Schule; recitation. Miss' Etta. ?er4y; cell®
solo, M. Ditz; vocaLsolo. A, HoliowelJ;
recitation, "Baby" Mkck; instfuaienta? *e*
lection by the Mandolin Club -inde* She
leadership of Professor Heldon p £n& VQcaS.
selections by the Ladies' Quartet, ie<J
by Miss von Belberlich. The performanc*
of Miss Gibson at the piano was genesv
ously applauded, as were" also "^ie ren=
dition of the selections by the quarteSi
The Maccabees.
M. «allitfrrp flre«a> pswafl* • vM '«jJce ' glace
4allr *t S v- fn. during tali *antoRment. Oc
tober fi, » J>. ¦**.. Tnfotraal deception. October
«. • a *"-. «enerat reception. October c, 10 a.
m. CFaftd street paradv; % >. «i., jicnic La&o
Y*h*cl: * t- ?"•• *nlliVarr council. October 8.
1 y. jrv. competitive ?)riz« drill; ¦& }<-. m.. mlli
krtrir irt** f aiwd«, ?warding £Mze», decoration
or cfelv&lrp Incites* exhibition drill %y ladles'
rtrllt «o*p* «n<* «ran<« Bali. Prise*— Best drilled
eajitaa.oflrst »ri*e. 1290 <m* |1Q0 trophy je\Ysl
and •word ; • tcconS fiesf JrilUii «»nton. second
»rl«*. IU3: third J>esl «Jrillt4 canto?., third
jTiz* *t2*; tourtb test drilTo* tantoa, fourth
jtriae." *100. fflie* to* *anfofc» no*. Planing
* • fitifto t c* <MU — first *riz«, tb» <e canlpn
•fc-ttM l#reos< •tun*** <oi-«he-«aller» 1* Street
j*rati«. 940; ?>«;«oit *rtz», tor *» cantos with
SieKt " l«rgesf *>»mbe» ¦ o* «hev«ller» In etreet
t«ra<I#. |35; *Mr# »riz* tor ? canto* -with
tieat I»"*ea4 &4i«bet ex .fhevaller* la Otrtet
piiratlt, |2>\ . -
,."At * iecent tension pt th» San iFran
c4sco> JJoa*<S of ItelTef^ TJidmfv* R. Mann
who, for (ksumbef nT year* has ibeen se
ltcted *a investigate * celtahi ela4s of
cases* that afe ?e»orte& tttStf £oard for
attention, was called to *he chair of tho
president and was" 'told thai in view of
his valuable services it had been decided
THJ3 following Is. the programme of
j rrtnts &V *h» eantonmeat of the
3'atrfafch* Militant to be held at
Pas* Robles, Octobe* V to 10, during the
session of the grand encam&mext?
Odd Fellowship. ,
|RVINO C. BARIOHT of Omaha, Neb.,
I 'supreme president of the Royal
, Achates, Is visiting this coast and re
cently was tendered a reception by San
Francisco Lodge No. 25 In its lodgeroom
in Austrian Hall. J. H. Fitzgerald, the
president of the' lodge, gave the visitor
welcome In behalf of the San Francisco
membership and in. a well worded ad
dress spoke of the good work the order
is engaged In, after which he introduced
the supreme president; who la the fonn- *
der - of, the order, and who stated that
he was glad to be once more with the
lodge he had instituted and to note the
progress It had made. It having Increased
in membership from twenty at the time
of Institution to 100. In the course of a
very interesting address on fraternity and
fraternal benefit associations he said:
"It seems strange to me that a man
or woman over the age of 13 years can
be found in this great land of ours who
is not already a member of one or more
of these societies when we take In con
sideration the small cost and great bene
fit to be derived by membership. I was
'old a short time ago by a minister who
iiad been preaching over forty years that
he believed he had done a great amount
of good, yet he could not tell how many
souls - he had saved or how many poor
and sitfk ha had helped, but said he:
•Brother Baright, I believe you have done
more good. to humanity by founding the
Royal Achates in the three short years
of Its existence than I have done in all
these years of preaching. When I see
how fast the amount 1 paid beneficiaries
is . increasing in our noble young order,
and L knew what our lodge has done to
assist the needy, I can but say godspeed
you In your work. If I could see the
actual results from the Jtoyal Achates
my satisfaction in my .work would be
beyond comprehension/ '-
Royal Achates.
tious officer of the chapter, and her
friends are of the opinion that a rest will
do her a world of good.
* Olive Branch Chapter will have a num
ber of candidates to initiate, but will de
fer the initiation until after the return of
Worthy Patron Dr. W. A. Atwood and
his wife, the worthy matron, who are
East on their vacation.
Golden Gate Chapter at its last meeting,
rfcich was held during Grand Army week.
riowsner; piano solo. Arvilla Thorpe; reci
tation, Florence MacDonald; voca! boIo,
J'^sie Lowe; recitation, Marjorie Perry,
and vocal solo, Corrine Christen. . The Ju
venile entertainers were warmly applaud
ed, and after the close of the programme
they were formed in procession and
inarched to the banquet hall, where they
were served with ice creata, cakes and
<andics and were made to feel that their
< ff crts were fully appreciated,
Mary Garston Foster, the secretary of
Mission Chapter, will in the near future
take a trip East and be absent for several
weeks. Mrs. Foster has been a conscien-
THE children's party that was given
la Mission Masonic Hall by Mission
Chapter of the Order of the Eastern
Star on the evening^ of Saturday, August
22, was a most charming affair. There
were present in the beautiful hall between
200 and 300 adults and not less than 100 lit
tle ones te enjoy the programme which,
under the supervision of Mrs. Elizabeth
Cfcristenson, the worthy matron of the
chapter, had been prepared by Mrs. Har
ry Maundrell and her very efficient com
mittee. The elders were delighted with
the entertainment provided, while the
children who took part in the programme
were proud that they had been able to
furnish pleasurable entertainment for
their parents, relatives and friends: Taken
all in all it was one of the most delight
ful functions that this chapter has given
in many a day. At the outset there was a
march by all the children, after which the
following numbers were presented by the
little ones: Singing of 'The Star-Spangled
Banner," by all the children: recitation,
Alexander King; piano solo. Versa Bitley;
Chinese vocal solo, Lydla Herman; recita
tion, Hattle Janes: vocal solo, Marguerite
Maundrell; mandolin solo. Chester Ord
way; recitation. Wilfred McPhun; vocal
bo'.o, Edna Schrader; recitation, Dolph
The Eastern Star.
A new chapter of the order was insti
tuted August 22 at Palo Alto with a good
membership. There were present^Grand
Patron Byce, Mrs. Byce, Associate*Grand
Patron Dr. A. H. Mlllberry, Past Grand
Patron Darling, Grand Secretary Mrs.
Wlllats and a number of the members of
the order in this city.
Starr King Chapter at its last meeting
initiated three strangers in the presence
of a large number of visitors. Among
these was Mrs. Partridge, past grand ma
tron of Massachusetts.
Right Worthy Secretary of the General
Grand Chapter of tho United States Mrs.
L. J. Pltkin is visiting this city and vicin
ity. During the last week she was ten
dered a reception by Unity Chapter, one
by Mrs. James Bestor Merritt of Oakland
and also one by Oak Leaf Chapter. Each
affair was a delightful one. and the vis
itor formed a most favorable opinion of
the membership of the order in the places
she visited.
held open house for the purpose of re
ceiving those members of the order who
are also members of the Grand Army and
of the Relief Corps and of the order of
Ladles of the Grand Army. There were
present many visitors from all parts of
th& Union,. also Worthy Grand Patron L.
C. Byce, Past Grand Patron George L.
Darling and many members prominent in
the order In this city. There was -a pro
gramme of entertainment, a collation and
a general good time for the members^and
the visitors.
At' the council of Altahmos Tribe Au
gust 26 the membership of Blazing Ar
row Tribe was consolidated with that of
Altahmos, and after the ceremonies there
was a feast of corn and venison In the
long house of the order, where there was
much good cheer. •
On August 28 the -.team of Manzanita
Council of the Daughters of Pocahontas
met in Its tepee in the Odd Fellows' build-
Ing and there conferred the adoption de
gree in the - presence of a large number
of members of the order in a manner that
was novel, there being introduced a num
ber of new effects, some of these being
electrical. .
greatest number of members between
April 1 and July 1 of the current year
were awarded to Pohono Tribe, which
secured fifty-two members, and to Osce
«la Tribe, which secured thirty-four. The
first received a beautiful silk American
flag and the second a set of silver toma
hawks.
i The following named are the great rep
resentatives who will soon leave for-At
lantic City, N. J., 'to attend the next
session of the Great Council of the United
States: Josiah Sims. W. J. Smith, B.
Lastreto, James Boyes, J. Harry Hutaff,
Edward Connolly, Frederick Brandt and
J. R. Tyrell.
Mrs. -Mocker, wife of Andrew Mocker,
grand organizer for the Native Sons, was
stricken with paralysis a short time since
and ' passed away suddenly at her home.
She had been a member of the Native
Daughters for a number of years and at
the time of her death was a member of
Keith Parlor, under whose auspices her
funeral was held August 20.
Gabrielle, the baby of the local parlors,
will take part In the Admission day cele
bration In Ran Jose, and so will.Genevleve
Parlor. '
Gabrielle Parlor gave an at home In its
mesling place In Eagles Hall on Au
gust 2S.
Mrs. James Kerfoot of Amapola Parlor.
Sutter Creek, Is in this city on & visit.
During her stay here the visited Grand
Secretary Frakes, who Is ' a member of
that parlor.
Mrs. Lilly A. Reichling-Dyer, the foun
der of the Order of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West, has gone East to en-
Joy a few months' vacation with her hus
band's relatives.
THE following circular letter has
been sent by Grand Secretary Miss
"Laura J. Frakes to .the several par
lors of the Jurisdiction: v
"September 9 la the^ Native Daughters
of the Golden "West's day for honoring the
pioneers of California. The observance
of this anniversary should be on the day
Itself, or at the regular meeting nearest
that'date. The following are suggestions
for the observance of the day: Public re
ceptions to pioneers on September 9; par
ticipation as a parlor In local celebra
tions, either alone or in conjunction with
otheT organizations; musical and literary
programmes; under good for the order In
parlors, a programme to include historical
papers on pioneers, on California as a
State, the reading of the first vice presi
dent's charge In regard to the pioneers,
'reading of the past president's charge in
regard to pioneer mothers. The above are
mere suggestions. The parlors have full
power to arrange programmes for that
day and for newspaper notices -of pioneer
day observances."
Past Grasd President Eliza. XX Keith,
who Is chairman of the committee ap
pointed by the Grand Parlor on promo
tion, publicity and historical interests, an
nounces that she Is very, anxious to se
cure all poems published on California,
on the pioneers and all historical data
that may be produced in' the aeveral par
lors on September 9, so as to enable her
to make a full report of what was done
on that date In the observance of Pioneer
day. The other members of the commit
tee are: Grand President Stella Flnkel
dey. Past Grand Presidents Belle W. Con
rad and Cora B. Slfford, Rose Knekow of
Joaquin Parlor and Fannie I* Prather of
Los Angeles Parlor. Another duty of this
committee Is to arrange for the publica
tion of \Natlve Daughters of the Golden
West souvenir cards and the designing of
Native Daughters of the Goldeo West
souvenir spoons.
Mrs. Blla Caminettl of Ursula Parlor,
Jackson, Amador County, has taken up
her residence in Berkeley, where she will
remain until her sons graduate at the
university. x
A new parlor will, soon be instituted in
Santa Clara, probably In time to take
part in the Admission day celebration in
San Jose.
Native Daughters.
THD grand officers and members of
the extension committee of the
Ancient Order of United TVorkmen.
are etill visiting the - lodges of the.
jurisdiction explaining the new plan of
assessments which the representatives
of the subordinate lodges will have
to pass upon in special session . to
be held in this city during the month
of September. The new plan was fully
explained" at the July session of the
Grand Lodce of Oregon, at which Supreme
Muster Workman Miller was a visitor..
He explained the new J&ea, which, whil*
it has made a gradual raise in the assess
ment of the members of tho younger ties,
has more than doubled that of th« mem*
brrs over fifty-five. After a fjMr days'
session the action taken by. that body Is
explained as follows by the A. O. U. \V.
bulletin, which, is the official organ of the
Supreme Lodge: , "• l
'•Of the four" days 1 cession of our Grand
Ixidee the preater portion was- consumed
In the consideration of the new plan of
assessment rates, adopted by our Supreme
Lodge. The Supreme Master "Workman
being present, together with our supreme
representatives, afforded every fietall of
Information as to the various provisions
cf the two plans «ubmltted.-and enabled
our Grand Lodpe to take the. action U" did
fully advised In the matter, and whlcfc
when submitted' to ballot was very
promptly rejected by indefinite postpone
ment. While the main plan as to the In
crease in assessment ratfts was rejected,
and we think wisely eo, and as our Juris
diction Is now /seemingly in a most
healthy condition, the condition, of several
of the other Grand Lodges is such as to
increase threefold our guaranty fund as
sessments to the Supreme Lodge.
"There is added reason for not adopt'
ing the proposed change at this time.
That it Is now in force in at least one
jurisdiction, New Tork, "end the results 1
of its adoption can be studied and -will
afford us and the Supreme Lodge prac
tical demonstration cf Its working, in a
measure, to correct the errors of former
plans tinder which the order has worked,
and these practical workings mar result
in amendments that shall evolve a plan,
the reasonableness of which shall appeal
to the good Judgment cf our entire mem
bership, and which will be at once adopted
by every Grand Lodge jurisdiction, and
yet bring health end vigor to'tha order."
Silver Spray Lodge of the Degree of
Honor, A. O. U. W.. had a pleasant en
tertainment in Excelsior Hall on the
evening of August 23, when there was
presented a pjeasing programme to the
many members and Invited guests pres
ent.
Carnation Lodge also had a very enjoy
able entertainment last week In its hall
In the Shiels building.
Silver Spray Lodge has decided to amend
its by-laws in such manner as to pay the
beneficiaries of members a funeral bene
fit of $50. t
Franklin Lodge No. 44 was visited last
week by Grand Master Workman Brown
ing and Grand Organizer Freeman for
the purpose of explaining the plan under,
which it is expected the order will, work
after the l£t of next January The visi
tor? were asked a number of pertinent
questions and after the answers had been
given the impression left upon the minds
of the members of the lodge was that the;
Supreme Lodge had not exercised much
diplomacy in rearranging the rat.es.
AncientOrderWorkmsh
CALIFORNIA CONSISTORY No.
5 of the Ancient .an* Accepted
Scottish Rite of , Fre^maaonry
was organised in this city Au-.
gust 18 under a dispensation
from "W. Prank Pierce, sovereign grand
i.^speetor general for Calif ornia, ectog
for the Supreme Council of the southern
jurisdiction of the United State?. The fol
lowing named are the new officers: Frank
13. Ladd. venerable master cf kadosh;
I red H. Rlckon. prior: James .U. Kawks,
preceptor; Campbell E. Babcock. chci
oellor; A. J. Delamare. minister of etat-;
Robert K. Dunn, almoner. Ciiarles Jel
linek, registrar; John P. Fraser, treas
urer; I. R, Alkln. master of ceremonies;
Frederick F. Lafferty, captain of tne
guard.
The organization cf this consistory
places the new Scottish Rile formation in
San Francisco in a position to' confer tho
degrees from the fourth to the thii ;y- ;
sccond upon 6uch candidates as may Ve
selected to receive them. It e}s&- unites
under the name California the different
divisions of the new bodies of the rite,
commencing with California Lodge of
Perfection No. W, California Chapter of
Rose Crcix No. 7. thence to California
Council of Kaciosh No. 7 and finally Cali
fornia Consistory No. 5. The first body
was organized October 1. 1902. The tar*.
that the entire peries was completed in
less than a year is unprecedented in the
tV.stcry of Scottish Rite Masonry and la
'<>-je to the Indefatigable exertions of. tho
oJIicere and members who brought the
bodies up to such a etand&rd^ of perfec
tion as to enjoy the confidence of the
original body. California- Lod^re, of Perfec
tion No. 10, and Inspector General W.
Frank Pierce.
' It Is expected that the attendance at
the Grand Encampment to be held at Paso
Robles in October will be the largest that
has ever been' known at such a . gath
ering in the history of the order. A hust
ling committee, having Joseph Foster,
past grand patriarch, as chairman, will
attend tho encampment for the purpose
of having the next grand encampment
meet in the city of San Diego in 1904.
T3rand Patriarch John A. Foster has
been visiting quite a number of the en
campments recently and reports a great
deal of enthusiasm. Last week he waa
with. Spartan Encampment in Stockton,
•where after the work of the evening he
was the" special guest at a banquet. On
September 5 he will visit the encampment
at Sonora.
to present htm a badge that will proclaim
the position he occupies In tho board.
Thereupon ha was presented * handsome
star appropriately Inscribed and decor
ated.
A f ©w evenings slnco Excelsior Desrrea
Team of the I. O. O, F., of which Past
Grand "W. B. Curtis Is tho master, for
the first time conferred the second degree
In its'- new robes. There were fourteen
to receive' that decree and the scene, as
they were beine obligated and receiving
the charges, was one of the most beauti
ful that has ever been witnessed In an
Odd Fellows' lodge room la this city.
The robes for the officers are the most
magnificent that have ever been made
for a team Jn San Francisco. There are
twenty-one In the team and each on that
occasion performed his part in a faultless
manner. After the work of the •vening
there waa an adjournment to tho banquet
hall where a^supper was served to near
ly three hundred who had witnessed the
work. There were responses to toasts,
and a remarkable fact was that less than
half a dozen of the party asked to bo
excused before the close oC the ap«aklng,
which lasted until midnight.
Oriental Rebekah Lodga will giva a
party In its hall on Wednesday, Septem
ber 2, for the entertainment" of its mem
bers and. a number of guests wno have
been Invited to spend a pleasant evening
with the lodge members.
ECHOES FROM THE BRIDGE ROOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 30, 1903.
47capitals, and last year made, a bit atlthe
Philharmonic concerts in \ London.
:: ..¦:.;'¦'<¦¦ '•. • . ;• / • ' - , ¦ ¦ ' '
C. B. DilUngham has engaged WlHi ain
Castleman to be leading tenor of the
FritziiScheff opera company.' Mr.'Castle
man's rise to practically the foremost po
sition among American tenors has been
rapid. It Is only three years ago that ha
was an understudy, with the Bostonians.
Whl/e in, this company he sang at a club
entertainment, where his fine voice ap
pealed to some members of the party as
being. worthy of serious cultivation, and
they prevailed upon Mr. Castleman to re
tire from the stage to study In Europe.
He cla so to such advantage that at tha
end of his term of study he wajp promptly
engaged over there for grand opera. <
From $50 per week— his salary with the
Bostonlans— the value of his voice had
grown until he now commands $300, the
amount named In his contract witli Mr.
Dlllinjrham
Mme. Jennie Norelli, the new "Swedish - 1
nightingale," said to . be • possessed •" of 'i
a colorature soprano, voice of- wonderful 1
range, Is to be -a ..member, of ..Henry jW.),'!
Savage's English . grand .opera company :
this season. . , She ¦ wlir make her first ap- • '
pearance .with the company in Brooklyn. •
late In. September. ,, ¦... ¦; ' . . , • t '
Mme. Norelli, like Jennie Llnd, was born; :
in Sweden.' Her early, musical studies i
were conducted at the State. Conservatory
at Stockholm "and she. made, her. debut at
the Royal; Opera in .Stockholm,
ing as^ Marguerite In "Faust." '"* A" 1 few
years~ago Mmc. Norelli visited this coun
try, but after a short stay ; returned . to
Europe, where she continued her studies
under SIgrior Criticos., ?During .the) last
few seasons Mme. NoreHl : has sung; with
great success In many " of the : European
A TRIO OF LOCAL SOCIETY MAIDENS,. ALL. FAMOUS FOR THEIR GOOD LOOKS AND EXQUISITE CHARM OP
,' MANNER, WHO WILL BECOME BRIDES EITHER DURING THE APPROACHING WINTER MONTHS OR
• /. - EARLY' IN .THE COMING. SPRING. -
of the early social events of the season, besides a dramatic and literary, treat.
Captain Emerson Warfleld Is spending his vacation traveling In the north
'„ with Professor Hudson, a representative from the Field Columbian Museum at ,
Chicago. Indian relics. are paramount in Prof esaor Hudson's search and as Cap
tain Warfleld has acquired a rare collection of Indian baskets and curios heis
undoubtedly of great service to the professor.
Miss Elsa Hoesch, whose engagement to Frederick Tri pier, Hutchlnson; has
*,.• recently been announced, 'has received many beautiful engagement gifts, includ
*? ing not only cups, but cut gl4ss, silver, china, pictures, bric-a-brac and' many bits
of dainty lingerie.
Miss Jessie McNab is ,on;her. way to New York with Mrs. Philip Wooster,
whose guest she will be, for two months. Mrs. Wooster will reside permanently
in Gotham. Both left on Thursday morning.
Miss Ednah Robinson is the guest of her sister, Mrs. Thellar. in Oakland,
where she la convalescing from her recent lllnes^S Miss Robinson was able to
leave the sanitarium last week. %
Mrs. Herbert Gaskell returne'd 'to her home in Denver last week after a two
months r rlsit to old friends in California. Mrs. Gaskell was formerly Miss Eva
• Collins of Oakland. '¦ i . - '
Dr. Arnold Genthe has been In New' Mexico and Arizona for several weeks,
, studying the. good points of the' Indians, and is expected home by the end of the
present, week. '-\J'r
Mr.! and Mra. William H. McKittrick are expected to ' return from their
Canadian/trip this.week and 'will'- reside with General Shafter, at 2525 Pacific
avenue. :
.' /¦<•'.* * , •¦• • rXW ¦'" ' v./''>.'- ''N • • ¦''¦
Mrs. Solly Walters, returned to the city last week 'after 'a short 1 stay-at_Del
: Monte and a longer visit to Mrs. Russell H. Cool at Los Gatos. . if,
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick 4 Innes (nee Robinson) left yesterday for a business
trip to Idaho, where Mr. • ;
¦¦¦ Charles M.- Wood and his bride,-who was^Kate-^Gunn, - are keeping house on -
; Pierce street and • are very cozlly . situated. ' .
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. A. Miller have returned from Del Monte and will soon
¦go East, to be gone some weeks. '
Cladius H. McBride, the attorney,' arid his' wife 'are* entertaining a. little son. .
New Swedish Nightingaje. to Sing in Grand Opera
The Charming Auxiliary will open the new Lyric Hall September 2 jrlth a pre
sentation of the morality play, "Everyman." The original London company of
twenty players ha* been secured for the benefit.
Many theater parties have been organized for the occasion, which will be one
... ....... ...... ..;.., ........
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Page are spending the summer, quietly, in Alameda.
Mrs. Page, better known as the beautifnl Louise Hoffacker, 1s looking forward to
a visit from the stork. This rare bird Is favoring a number of recent brides with
similar expectations. Mrs. William Kllnk. formerly Miss Addie Berthier; is one of
the happiest. Among others axe: Mrs. Joseph Masten, who was Jennie Martell;
Mrs. Frederick W. McNear (nee Hopkins), and Mrs. Fred McWilliams, who was'
Millie Biebe. -'-/'..'' •' ' '¦''[•;'¦ '
A new bride at the Presidio will be Mrs. Stewart Arthur Conklin', who t prior
to last Wednesday, was Miss Eleanor McCaskey of Chicago, daughter of Colonel
McCaskey of the Twentieth Infantry. Captain Conklin belongs to the Coast Ar
tillery, stationed at the Presidio. The wedding took place at Fort Sheridan, Chi
cago, and was an out-of-door affair. Captain and Mrs. Conklln are spending
their honeymoon In Yellowstone Park. ¦ ,
Harvey Toy has returned from the East with his bride and has taken apart
ment* on Green street. Miss Mabel Toy went East with her young brother to
attend the wedding, which was the outcome of a romance of school days in Bos-'
ton. Very few brides are brought home to so charming a mother-in-law as Mr •
George D. Toy, and the new Mrs. Toy has the happiest of prospects in San Fran '
La Jeunesse dances will open la November at the Palace Hotel and through
out the coming winter we shall be Interested to see how the ballroom lends itself
to decoration. Some very artistic and original -effects' should be obtained.
Mr. Greenway's three dances for the Friday Night Club will be held at Native
Eons' Hall on December 4. 18 and February 12. " ." . '
The ball to be given by the Sidney Johnston Chapter of the Daughters of the
Confederacy Is set for October 23 at the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. "William Wesley Burnett, who. was until recently Miss Viola Plercy,
Is expected to visit San Francisco this week and will be the guest of Mrs.*
Luc'e May Hayes In East Oakland for a few. days. Mrs. Burnett has but, rer. ,
cently lost her paternal grandmother and will not give herself up to society 1
during'her brief stay in the city, in fact, business Is the purpose of the trlp. v
The Burnetts returned some time ago from their wedding trip to Yellowstone
Park and have been spending the remainder of their honeymoon quietly at the
Burnett family home near San Luis Obispo. They will probably reside there for
some lime. '.>~~ ,-r . ¦ ¦ . ' : * •
The wedding of Miss Alice Belau and Emery W. Elliot Is numbered among
the affairs of next spring, although the date Is not. yet set. Mlss.Belau Is a
charming young -woman of the brunette type, possessing many qualities which
will fit her for the position of an attractive young inatrori»in society* Miss Belau
Is a granddaughter of John D. Slebo of • Sacramento i street, j Mr. . Elliot, .who
is aa exceptionally bright young man) Is the only son of C. E. Elliot, the promi
nent mining man, who resides at the California Hotel.
Mr. e Wood and George Beardsley, who Is- to marry Miss Kathryn Robinson on
Tuesday, are Inseparable friends. They came out from New York two years
ago and subsequently fell In love with charming California girls— which proves
another similarity of tastes. Mr. Wood will accompany Mr. Beardsley to -the
church, but cannot exactly be best man, as there are tobe no attendants. - ~-
Mr. Beardsley has artistic, apartments on Sutter street, all ready for his
pretty little bride when they return .from their wedding trip. The furnishings
have been selected in excellent taste and the many handsome presents sent by
loving friends of the young couple will add much beauty and comfort to their
new home. : • • • ;: • ¦ ' - " • . . ~ ..?,."
Miss Gertrude Carroll has been- spending the summer months In the country.
Last week *he went to Santa Cruz for a short visit. '
There Is no date set for the wedding of Miss- Carroll and George E. Hall
and I do not think it will take place for several months yet. Society will be
interested in this marriage as the principals are extremely popular. The Car
roll family has been prominent in San Francisco for many years. The bride
elect is a daughter of Mrs. Richard Carroll and a sister of Mrs. Will Whittler.
Mr. Hall is a deliirhtful man. He is the representative of the Turkish Gov
ernment and I understand has been knighted by the Sultan for his services. He
is a member of the Bohemian, Paclflc-Unlon' and University clubs. His recent
book, "A Balloon Ascension at Midnight,'' has met with success.
A FEW people with social aspirations stand in great danger of being
flubbed "cUmbers" If they do not change their tactics before putting
themselves on record many times more. Asking for Invitations is their
latest breach of pood manners and one which— like a bachelor— should
be disciplined and discouraged. These embryo "cllmbere" have acquired
a fray of asking for Invitations to one place and another with a persistence
worthy of a better cause. September bjides and their mammas are being besieged
with requests for invitations by a few whom they felt under, no obligation to a^k
because of the plight acquaintance.' A peculiar line of thought must assist these
aspirar.ts in making excuses for their acts, as. they could not possibly ask a hos
tess giving a dinner-dance to make them a present pf $5 or $10, yet they seem
to ask its equivalent in food and hospitality ¦ without any apparent qualms of
conscience.
If a hostess does not send an invitation, it is evident that she does not want
you to come. It may be because her list is entirely filled, or that you would not
be congenial to the others she is entertaining on this particular occasion. Cer
tain it Is that she has a reason and there is not one chance In a hundred that
the omission was an oversight. .
While thtse climbers are so busily at work it Is easy to understand that a
certain fortification should be supplied for- those who wish to escape the on
slaufjjt. At Di»l Monte not long ago one woman became such a bete noire that
two friends arranged a sort of code upon signs of approach.
One would say, "Your hatpin is coming out!" by way of warning her friend
that the enemy was coming up to break into the conversation. If the one ap
prised had a r-a-n to avoid the newcomer she would reply:
"Oh, no! It's always that way!" If she depended upon the tact of her friend
to meet th* situation, she would say: "Thank you very much." Thus were the
lines from Miss Blngham's recent play appropriated' to advantage.
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST, 3O, 1903.
48
SOCIETY