Sunday Call Women and Children's Section
A GADDAN GIRL
U1TCLE SAJI'S rapidly expand- I
ing domain is acquiring the
reputation of being the moat
picturesquely cosmopolitan in
the whcle "world. Just look on the
picture on this page. "Who would ever
imagine that strange young lady as
among ¦ America's subjectsP Never
theless Ehe is, and furthermore the
tribe among whom she enjoys the
proud honor of being a leading belle,
Itself enjoys the distinction of being
the special object of Uncle Sam's
particular solicitude just now.
This is the typical head of a Gad
e'en Girl of about thirteen years old,
•iiowing the barbario style of head-
«*••• Mid ornaments, which are sort
oomxnon among thes* remarkable
P«opl«. ttn addition to much. 'beads
and trinkets as theaa they usually
wear from tea to twenty bracelets of
thin silver or brass, and among th*
royalty, even of gold, which tlnkl«
with a peculiarly melodious sound &j
they mova about. Their clothing*
which is wonderfully bright and gay,
covers only th» lower part of th*
body, and even then as scantily as
may be consistent with a lavish dis
play of colored materials. The Oad
* dens inhabit the province of T«*KtMa,
. about the town of Hag-aa, im tk*
: Philippine Islands. . ¦'If she will do this and will begin early
enough her Christmas gifts, instead <*(
going forth with an apology for their er
lstence, will be sent with tha proud greet- 1
Ing of the day. ¦ ; ,5 •
The particular virtues of a scrap box
of the wooden sort, with the sides laced;
together and the bottom laced in. is that
it can always be taken apart and cleaned
and that It can never wear out
All Christmas gifts must have the new
art touch. Last year's Christmas pres
ents are way out of date and they wow
at once that they are not all . that they
should be. The nouveau art fad ¦ has
struck the realm of 8t Nick and the dc
mestio woman with the talented needle
must learn all tha tricks of the nouTeau
art school. Harnessing her needle with
a bright thread she must work birds and
animals and all sorts of strange- flying
things. And over all and through all soif
must put the touches . of Orientalism^ M
the shape of bright colors and their com
binations. ¦ ¦¦'¦ '¦ ' ;•.¦ ;' •.
Any boy could make such a bo* and, if
he is artlstio or has an artlstlo slst-sr. the
box can be decorated with poker work
or with burnt work of any sort. Those.
who have electrlo light can purchase a
pointed instrument and do some very nice
burnt work." ;• -' ¦'. . » ...-."
These four pieces of . pasteboard are.
laced together at the sides so that. when,
laced, they form a perfect box. .The bot-,
torn is glued in by using very heavy
strips of brown paper on the ii»td*. Or
the bottom can be laced In. The outside
is now decorated wiw watercclor .sketches
or a little rough art work in the way of
application of pretty pictures.
But there are more artlstlo scrap boxes
•nd these require the assistance of a
capable carpenter. The material is TeJ|
thin wood, which is a beautiful *fcits Kb
color, or it can be dark If you prefer the
deeper woods. Any color will do. ¦ The
sides, which are about four inches by ten
Inches, are cut out by the carper. tor and
gradually sloped toward the tc>. so that
the scrap box will be wider r.t the tpp
than at the bottom. The carpenter now
bores holes in the wooden . plec«s. And
finally they are laced together with stout
leather strips, which are as tough as
strips can be. They are laced from the
bottom to the top and tied in a stout lit
tle knot The bottom Is done in the same
way. ... :
To make a scrap box you take htavy
pieces of pasteboard about four inches
wide and gradually widening toward the
top. They can be about twelve Inches
tall. ¦".'':>. '••
The maklne of a scrap box Is ooe of;
the things which the girl who is making.
Christmas presents must net forgit. The*
¦crap box has taken the place nt the
scrap basket, and a very worthy substi
tute it Is.
A y™*! Scrap Sox.
dose m different si«s. from the. six* ;of
a dime to the size of a, trade dollar. The.,
wheels are applied to the table-cover, the I
chair backs and the spreads of all kinds,
and very nice ornaments they »ajc»j. '
The heavy sackings, the coarse ; llnefts
that cost little, the great -heavy .weave
canvases such as are used for chair, cov
erings and for chair shroudi In the-sum
mer time, all make good and uprto-d^te ¦
art table spreads. • - . - * *• t
Let them be cut about two ya*« long
and rather narrow for the length: and
then, with facile needle, let the woman
who is getting ready for Christmas go to
work upon them. -
The new art table covers are sll re
markable for the fact that their baclr- .
ground is almost completely covered with
handiwork. There are all sorts of strange
figures cut out of the goods and applied
to the covers; and there are strange vein- j
ings and stranger stitches used to hold
them in place.
The beauty of this kind of work, from
the standpoint of the worker, is that it
Is not critical work. Any kind of stitches
will do, for there is no chance to study
any one of the designs critically. All aj* .
mixed In with the general scheme, wl-.Vc"h
is that of completely covering the bacls^
ground.
There Is lass of the actual patchwork
done this year than ever before. The
crazy quilt designs have largely gone out,
but bits of silk are placed together to
make new art covers of a different kind.
A very large "block" Is made and pieces
are sowed on the outside until the "block"
has reached the right size. This is the
up-to-date nouveau art cover, or spread,
or chair back.
*1 v» 4.VB you begun to make Christ
| \ mas presents? If not you are s
I . J little late # even now, for the nen
"V/. Christmas gifts take time, if they
do not take money.
There is one thing about a Christmai
present that it has to recommend it. It
is given and received with the sweet spirit
of Christmas Interwoven into It And
this makes up for a multitude of other
things which may be lacking.
If you are going to give a Christmas,
present, modern, yet without price, you
can take and make a nice little bag,
using sllkollne. It will make up nicely
and on the outside you can embroider a
tnonogram and can pepper the bag with
French knots. It is for fancy work. And,
if you bo desire, 3*ou can work the words
'Fancy work" upon the reverse of the
bag.
Your gift will be preUy. acceptable and
cheap.
But If you want to put a little more
time and a little more money into it you
can get up something a great deal nicer.
Suppose you make a Pareee bag. It should
be eight inches across and twelve inches
long. The Parsee bag is to hold fancy
work, and must be large enough for a
big piece of embroidery.
This bex is unllned and its foundation
Is a piece of satin. You can use cloth.
If you prefer and for this a sort of shiny
faced ladles' 'doth Is good. Let It be thin
and have It of an oriental color.
Good oriental tones are dull brown,
about the shade of strong coffee, deep
red; the color called watermelon pink.
a ripe green and a purple that is rather
too vivid for western ideas of beauty.
Your background does not matter so
much, for you are going to work your
bag almost entirely over with fancy
.stitches and the background will disap
pear;.
Hemember that your Parsee bag is to be
unllned and that therefore Its reverse side
must be done neatly, no long stitches and
no mixed up threads.
If you want to be decidedly oriental
in your work you can get come tiny
pieces cf isinglass and cut them about
the size of dimes. Apply them to the
roods and work a buttonhole stitch
around them to hold them In place. Try
it and you will soon get the kaack. Keep
*C9 working, one row of stitches around
the other, until you have ftiade a great
wheel. You can use gless spangles If you
prtfer. or any tiny, 6hlny bit of em
broidery material.
And little crocheted wheels, made by
crocheting a fancy stitch over little cur-
Xain pole rings, are applied to the bag
BO as to form a pattern. And so you keep
on. working and designing, and working,
until your bag is covered with handiwork.
Run a stout cord— not a ribbon— through
the: top and you have a handsome Christ
mas present.
A Decorated Plate.
The day of hand painting has not gone,
but in this latter generation hand paint
ing is done in more sensible ways than
formerly. If you are going to hand paint
a plate, or plaque, or any large object,
you begin not by designing, but by get
ting the plate stamped.
You can take your plate to a decorator
ar.d get a conventional border rudely
Ekelchcd upon it Or, if its surface be
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
One of the nouveau art plaques was
taken by an ambitious woman to the
studio of a real artist: "Paint me some
angels upon the middle." said she, "and
Co it Quick."
cot too smooth, you can take it to a
clamper's and actually have it stamped.
With your pattern mapped out for you
you go to work to paint You will want
t« p*int in German colors, bright blues
*nd, vivid reds; and you must put tne
new art touch into your work by placing
figures upon it somewhere.
The artist painted a few angels "quick"
and the woman called for the plaque and
put the finishing touches upon it at home.
She made a nice broad curving ' border,
and she did some handsome decorative
scenes In the open spaces.
A large plaque of this kind Is orna
mental when not actually in use. It makes
a charming decoration for the dining
room and is Just the thing for occasional
table use. One hostess insists upon using
a china plate of this kind as a center
piece upon which she piles fruit In sea
son. "Fruit dishes," she complains,' "are
always -too 1 small, but In the ¦ middle ' of
this plaque I can set a whole ' pineapple
and around it I can pile the other fruit,
making a real harvest home centerpiece."
Another covers the center of her plate
with a doily and uses It for ears of boiled
corn, which; are served to a large family
in this manner. Still ) another reserves
such a plaque for side table use, carving
a watermelon from it
The new art collars and ° cuffs are well
The latest acquisition to the family of
Christmas table-covers consists of a strip
of heavy ' stuff about a . foot > wide. This
is trimmed at each end with a crocheted
edge, done in colored. twine.
Twine, by the way will be largely used
In Christmas decoration. ., It makes a nice
border; .Instead of fringe, and can be
worked with a crochet hook and sewed
on the material. Again twine is used for,
the : making of small wheels. These are
worth a place in the Christmas work
ers' work basket They are made out of
canvas, or denim, scrim or coarse linen.
The coarser the material the better the
result. And they are cut in the shape of
a wide turn-over band for the neck. And
there are wide turn-over cuffs for the
wrists.
Alter the linen, or canvas, scrim, or
whatever other heavy white material is
employed, has been cut into collar and
cuff shapes the hand of tne worker takes
hold. The collar and cuffs can be drawn
with open work, If desired. But if open
work Is too difficult or too trying to the
eyes, there are other ways . of managing.
I One lovely pair of Christmas cuffs Is
made of very heavy plain white linen, (
deep and beautiful In texture. Around the
edge of the cuffs there is wrought a deep
border In the shape of an embroidered
scallop, with a design below. This is
done In a gaudy red, the brightest pos
sible tone being chosen. The same Is done
for the collar.
A heavy white, canvas turn-over collar
was embroidered with a band of china
blue embroidery at least three Inches
deep and the embroidery was of the
coarse kind with long running stitches.
The collar was a beauty and now lies in
a sachet casket, to come out perfumed on
the day of Christmas giving.
\ The '. embroidered or drawn stock, the
decorated pair of linen cuffs and the
hand-made belt are all numbered very
high in . the list of popular Christmas
etfts. ;-,.¦ ' .
; A Christmas art, set makes , a nice
Christmas gift The art set consists of
a white' canvas belt with brass harness
buckle. The belt is an inch- wide and
is worked in cross stitch design. The
earn o plan 1« carried out for the collar
and cuffs. The whole set. laid in a pretty
blue paper box, with the name of the
owner lettered on the * outside; makes a
delightfully personal Christmas present.
Nouveau Art Table Cover. ;V '..
"He needs one, good and hard." Amy
eald - tossing her head the least bit "I
have not told anybody else. Jock, but
I'm going to marry Billy if I can ever
make him show himself properly and hu
manly foolish. He's so abnormally steady
going and sensible and settled I should
not dare try to live up to him— unless I
knew he had a nice, silly streak some
where." . . ;I
''I suppose you wouldn't anyway con
sider me: I'm pretty near all silly
streaks," Jock said dolefully. Amy laugh
ed and patted his arm. saying: "But you
have good sense streaks, too. Jock, else
why should you like me so well? "We'll
always be the best of friends, I know."
"Bet vour bottom dollar on it!" Jock
said, hurrying her along. He was mak
ing for a tumble down summer house,
thickly overgrown with vines, that nes
tled in the very farthest corner of the
lawn. It had a plank floor, rotten and
crumbly, and a dilapidated rustic bench
along one side. A cool, deeply shaded
nook, sweet with roses and honeysuckle.
Amy sprang Joyously inside it. with Jock
at her heels. As they made to sit down
low hollow reverberations came up from
below their feet; there was a dull crush
ing—a giving way— then before they could
cry nut a sliding 1 down, down to dark,
dank., unknown perilous depths.
Five minutes later Billy was asking
anxiously of those about the garden chair,
"Where is Amy?" Nobody could tell
him. Presently he spied far out In the
grass one of her little lace mitts. Run
ning away from it were faint footmarks
on the warm turf. Billy followed the
marks, his face whitening fast. "Jock
could not be so cruel as to take her near
that old well house." be said to himself
— then srrnaned aloud: he had come in
sight of the well house, where the crum
bled floor told him the tale.
"Jock! Amy! Answer me! Oh, God!"
he cried aloud, peering over the crumbling
rim into the blackness. No articulate aa
swer came to him. but was it fancy that
down in the deeps of earth he heard low,
gasping moans? He sprang up with a
shout that brought the whole crowd hud
dling about him. Mrs. Brown was. at the
head, weeping and wringing her hands.
"They are lost! lost!" she moaned. "No
body ever came out of that well alive.
It's always half full of choke damp! That
i«j why my father had it built over! Why
didn't I think to tell everybody?"
Billy seemed not to hear. With giant
strength he wrecked the rotten lattice,
clearing the well mouth, then flung off
coat and shoes and prepared to clamber
down. He had already sent for ropea.
"No, I can't wait, with Amy dying," he
said to those who tried to stop him. "I've
got to save her or die with her. Stand
"You may rflnd ! us engaged unless you
hurry back," .Amy flung after them.
Jock laughed aloud. "Let's hide," he said.
"I* know the very place, "Won't- it give
Billy : a jolt to come back and ! find us
missing?"
The fascinations were all very well un
til Amy Peters came. Amy was never ac
counted a beauty, but somehow she put
all the set beauties out of court and coun
tenance. Behold her at the party, trip
ping airily about the lawn, with young
Alanson at one side, Jock Illlman at the
other, and Billy Corliss tagging after,
like the faithful watchdog he was. This
while the other 'young women had less
than a ¦ beau apiece. You will admit it
was aggravating. Kate Martin, Amy's
best friend, Bpelled upon her fingers
"P-I-G" as the train went past her. But
Kate was not In the least angry or Jeal
ous—she had Bobby Shepherd all to her
self, although Essie Brown had done her
best to lure the gentleman away.
"Let me tell you about Miss Amy,"
Jock said to the stranger, when presently
Amy was safely enthroned In a garden
chair, with her court still about her.
"She's nearly the only girl in Eastbrldge
you don't have to court, whether or no
you want to—"
"But you know you always want to,
Jocky, dear." Amy said saucily. Billy
Corliss laughed with the rest, but some
how the laugh did not get into his eyes.
Young Alanson kept up ! the game J brave
ly. ."Can you- imagine a live man not
wanting to?" he asked of the world In
general and Billy in particular. Billy put
on his most reflective look. ."There might
be extenuating circumstances," he . said
diplomatically. Amy gave him a reproach
ful ' glance, and said . loftily: | "I j suppose.
Billy, your extenuating circumstances
.wear frocks. Pray, does it happen by
any chance that the most extenuating* of
them is named Clarissa Brown-?"
. "No," Billy said sturdily, shaking his
head. "But that reminds me, neither Mr.
Alanson nor I have more than said
'howdy* to Miss Clarissa. Jock, you stay
here and keep this Quicksilver young per
son out of mischief .while we scramble
through the decent, thing."'. .
tv ¦ y— ¦—- -— *Sw-^5B AUSE and effect is
[•Y^5£5""«Sji/J j| your true endless chain.
I "' > tyj$ffiffiW$x'\f Thus, because young
II Alanson brought good
'illlw^Wi letters, the very best,
! V^^oS(ld^Kia to the rcctor and S( * ulre
I vj^^s^^/.l Clark, Mrs. Brown
t gave the garden party
where so much else happened. Mrs.
Brown had three girls to establish, and
as beaux were none too plenty, naturally
It was a ruling principle with her to let
no eligible young man get away from
Eastbrldge without a proper experience
of their fascinations. :*V, ;". V-
(Copyright, 1003, by T. C. McClure.)
"He won't die for it," Dr. Payne said
looking up from his patient. Billy lyin -
spent and white upon the grass, beckoned
Amy imperatively to him. "You must
hand. "After this I dare not trust you
with yourself." 3t 70 \
"Nor I," Amy said, nestling to him.
"You were horribly , foolish to fake such
risks for me. Billy. It Is enly'bystay^g
do ntgV "** make 8Ure yon £5ef
"Send up Jock; wVH pun you two out
safe." men higher up cried to them; then,
when they saw their plight, came' down
like Trojans to help. It was little short
of a miracle that any of the three g t
out alive. But somehow, by the good
God'« mercy, they all came into reviving
upper air. Jock had the face of a dead
man. At sight of him Amy fell to sob
bing: "He— he lifted me up and bade me
ding, she said brokenly; "but stayed
on the bottom himself because there was
not room for two to hold in the crevice
of the wall.
"Hold hard. Billy! Tm coming to help!"
young Alanson cried, setting his feet
firmly and bending until bis head was
almost level with them. Thus he gripped
Jock's collar and somewhat eased the
strain on Billy. Both were, however, so
near to smothering their tense muscles
gave down. Lights swam before their
eyes, their heads were bursting, the sub
tle heaviness In chest and nostrils numbed
them to the bone. Alanson felt Himself
almost falling, when a rope struck hla
hand, flung with such force It almost
drew blood.
"I'll follow! And I! And. IT' ¦ came
from all about In a little, the human lln*
was over the edge, creeping* down, down
to the dangerous deeps, noisome and
cold. Billy heard it coming. and
shouted up: - . ¦». i;i"t-*- ¦. ' • -
"In tlma, thank* Gtodt I hear moans!**
Then he gave a treat inartleulata err*
There, clinging to the rough rook wall
wasVAmy, five feet above the glimmer
ing water, which lapped something dark
and limp.
' "Here, you! Take her uj>l*\ ha- erlad
hoarsely, husbanding his breath all ho
might. He had com* to the thick, deadly
damp. Unless he was quick and j bold it
would make an end of him, as It had pos
sibly already made an end of poor,.light
hearted Jock. Clinging fast with one
hand, his feet well braced across the well
breadth, he swung Amy up with the other
Into. Into young Alanson's hold. The 6ih>
ers knew enough to pass her on up ana
out. Drawing a long, long breath. Billy
leaped down beside the insensible figure
at the bottom, caught It up and began
a desperate ascent.
by— listen close— and let me have ropes)
the minute, you can." .
The last words ware shouted up tao wall
mouth, whence already there* carnal a' faint
earthy smell, half sweetish, half repul
sive. ¦ " . '
By Martha M.
Williams.
OUT OF THE DEPTHS
¦ Strange and Beautiful
'kings which, a woman can
make if she will begin time
enough and lovely designs
which she can work out with
pen, brush, hook and thread —
Christmas suggestions taken
in time save nine hours of
thought afterward.
2
GET BUSY WITH THE
CHRISTMAS NEEDLEBut presently fc-few quick strokes made
by the strong arms of the stranger car
ried the nose of the bateau out upon the
*and of-the shore.
. "H'm. When ye answered me to-night
from over the river, the cry brought a
sadness to my heart But who was the
fVrryman?"
"Abe Wellesley, my father."
"H'm! h'm!" muttered the man. after
several minutes' silence; and Mat knew
that the oar bad ceased to move In his
hands.
m woman. I knew ft the moment I beard
yer answer from the hill on the other
side. But where's the ferryman, that
ye're sent to bring me across?"
The stranger had pulled the boat Into
the stream, but it was some time before
Mat answered his question. She was sit
ting In the stern end of the boat, with
her . chin on her bosom, shedding silent
tears. "
•The ferryman— the ferryman," she
stammered at last, "Is dead."
"Since when?"
"To-night" . !
"An* ye're alone?**
"Yes."
awful moment had not com* upon her
again.
On* day Jo* cam* and sat down be
side Mat on th* cabin steps and lit hU
Pipe.
"Ye were two years old when Z left,
Mat." he said presently, "an* of course
ye don't remember me then— I was six
teen. There was a misunderstanding.
Dad accused me o' takin* his weazle skin
with two gold pieces in it Well. I hadn't
done it. but I guessed who had. for th*
chap had skipped out So I swore I'd
follow him all over the West, or have a
confession from him — and I got It"
Joe unfolded a paper and Mat read a
confession of theft
"But It seems I got here too lata wiia
it, Maf.
Joe- sucked his pipe slowly.
"But it warn't about that I wanted to
talk particularly. Mat** he went on at
length. "I reckon dad never did tell ye
anything about yerself?"
"No. Why, Joe?" Mat sought hla
gaze*
"Never totd ye that 7* warn't his fi«a
and blood daughter?"
"What are ye tellln* me, Joe?" Mat
was holding her breath.
"Jest the truth. Mat Your father an"
mother were killed In a tornado, and dad
found you, without a scratch, in a hay
stack a hundred yards from the bouse.
An', somehow, I knowed. after I left,
dad would never let on ye warn't his
flesh an' bone.** .
Silence for some time.
"But I'm glad It's that way now. Mat.
for I— I been thtnkln' that If ye'd bave
me, I don't see the use o' we two goln*
different ways through this old world.
What d'ye say. Mat?"
Tm so glad we're n* blood kin. Joe."
the girl said softly as he drew her t»
But now the faint light shining through
the chinks outlined the cabin door to their
eyes, and Mat soon caught the latetv
strlng In her hand. But she paused. The
horror of the death scene Inside filled her
with dread. The stranger came up the
steps and stood beside her. It was a long
silence. Mat stood with her head pressed
against the door, the unpulled latch
string held In her hand. Presently the
stranger's arm slipped about her waist,
and the girl made no resistance.
"Did— did ye ever bear the old man say
anything about Joe?" The words fell
from his lips in whispers, but Mat caught
them.
"Joe! Joe!" she exclaimed. •Tea, ten
me. do vou-know anything of Joe?"
"I'm Joe." '
Mat's hand suddenly drew tight the
latchstring, and, as the door swung In
ward, she burled her face against tha
breast of the stranger.
"I wonder, dad," said the man a few
minutes later, as he bent over the corpse
on the bed. "how many minutes too late
I was. But I reckon ye know all about it
now." 1
Weeks slipped b* and Joe Wellesley
was doing the duties of the ferryman.
The loneliness which had held Mat one
"No. I guess not." Th* stranger* •
voice had grown so wonderfully soft that
Mat felt an Impulse to fall back and put
her hand upon his arm.
•TETm, h'tn," b* uiutUied again, pres
ently, and the ton* of it brought fresa
tsars to Mat's eyes.
Toilsomely, fhe led tee way «p th» ra-
Ylne, and the man kept track of her with
a good degree of skilL
"If ye'd left the door open, ¦w might
have had the light to lead us," he sug
gested.
But Mat shrugged her shoulders* **I— X
couldn't do that," she said.
"What! .You dare!/ You dare!" She
stood before him glaring, and his unac
countable inclination to laugh at her
frightened him more than her passion did.
"You dare," she - shouted. "You— you
brute I! ' I knew that little fool had you in
her clutches. I knew It Did she tell you
to say that? I might have known ohe
would bring you to forget all honor and
truth ; trnd duty. •; J* jn't you "- dare bring
her to this house, you brute! Size, Indeed.
She isn't the size of a fence . rail— that's
your Idea of beauty. I suppose." Just you
dare to' marry her!"
Jonathan Dlbbs, though his, heart
quaked ' within ' him, walked : boldly past
her to the door. _ There ¦. he turned.* "I
may .send ; you an' invitation to ;the wed
ding. If she cares to have you come. Any.
how, I'll ' send you ' an ' announcement" Say
suspected. .
"I fruess the little woman really did
think I wanted to marry her," he re
marked pleasantly.
"Of course she did," replied Mrs. Dlbbs
smartly, in her loud, scornful voice, not
noting the change in her victim's atti
tude toward her. "Of course she did,
the conceited little piece."
"I wouldn't be absurd If "I were you,
Amanda," said Jonathan Dibbs. "It
doesn't suit your size." He had | spoken
very, slowly and smoothly, but he gasped
a little now that be bad achieved this
crude but radical assertion of his free
dom. . He had reason to gasp.
I have not made any trouble for her," he
said, doubtfully.
"It's absurd, positively absurd." contin
ued Mrs. Dibbs, flopping into a chair.
"It's pretty capers rou have, been cut
ting around that Jennet widow," she said.
Jonathan looked, it must be confessed,
not only surprised, but worried. "I hope
(Copyright, 1803. by T. C. McClure).
Z ? g; ji ERUSHA AMANDA
l.VlSr'J'TB^Ier^J D I BB S w » s his broth-
T'eVr^H'v^*^ er ' 8 wi * e « and ha(1 aa "
!>il^T H ~i&^* eerted and maintained
'^y^Ii 7 t her aut hority over
Jv^fjJsFijiryl both h!s brother and
(^St^J^jvjJ^ himself ever since she
4M0 BBBS^^*afli bad become a mem
ber of the family. All morning he had
been wondering - uneasily for whom
the storm was brewing, and as
her husband - bad gotten out of the
house unscathed he feared that be was In
for it. He was standing by x the window
now, looking out aimlessly, wishing that
It were over and yet not daring to avoid
it, and when she entered * the room In
which he stood, clearing her throat em
phatically, he turned toward her with a
shiver of apprehension. He was a stout
man, with an air of mild .Indecision about
him— about bis soft sandy hair, about his
broad, rounded shoulders, about even his
easy grayish lace sack coat.
•The Idea of marrying that silly little
fool, without a cent to her name, and at
your age, too."
Her brother-in-law had not really bad
an intention of any sort In regard to the
widow; Indeed, he had never bad a de
cided Intention In regard to anything since
Mrs. Dlbbs bad taken possession. Never
theless, he felt mildly Indignant enough
to make a faint report. "Who told you?"
"Who told me?" she burst out. "Who
told me? Why, hasn't the little fool her
self been telling It all around the town
that you wanted to marry her and"— In
a high simpering falsetto— "that she
didn't know whether she ought to think
of It or not., but that Mr. Dlbbs was such
a nice rr*"". and such a friend to her
poor, dear Arthur, and she would hate
to disappoint him— oh,. the Idiot!"
Jonathan Dibbs looked thoughtful.- Sud
denly the figure of the widow in ques
tion appeared before bis mind's eye. It
was a neat, retiring little figure, with
soft- brown hair and a small face, slight
ly sunburned, but sweet and tender, and
with an individuality of Its own that only
a patient, conscientious life could have
given It. He compared It with the large
obtrusive face 1 and figure of his sister
in-law, and gradually be began to smile.
A sudden sense of relief came to him In
the contemplation of the little widow, and
a strange, unusual sense of pleasure; the
Joy of the awakening of a desire and a
will In him which : he s had never before
voice, and a tone whose anxiety did not
¦ refer to catching the train. . -
. "I don't "know." she began slowly. "I
didn't know we . meant to get married.
But If you wish It very much— oh. dear!"
She hid her face suddenly In bis coat.
"Now go," he said after a little, '"be
cause we want to catch that train. And
wear that blue thing you have, with the
white spots— you know."
. She smiled tremulously. No one had
ever noticed her clothes before, and she
had always half worshiped him, anyhow,
and now she was very much confused and
very happy.
They managed to catch the train' by
means of a little running for It and they
rode ¦ gayly and breathlessly away from
borne toward the city. She stole a look at
bis beaming face and after a while gath
ered courage to speak.
"Jonathan," she said softly, "how did
I— what did 1 Ao to make you thfn> O f
this?" I never hoped—"
He laughed. "Call ma Jack." he said
with a blush. They used to call him Jack
when he was a big. slow, good-natured
schoolboy. "And what -you did was to
make a man of, me. that is all," he con
tinued. Then after a while be laughed
again. "We have . my ¦ sister-in-law to
thank for some "of this." he remarked
slowly, "but," he turned to her and spoke
with sudden emphasis, "but you must not
let it grieve you if we never have a
chance to express our gratitude."
"What a . fool— what a fool I used to
be!" he thought. "What a fool a man Is
any now to let a woman ride over him at
her />wn sweet will. And to think that I
stood It for twelve years and never
thought of breaking away! It must have
been the widow, bless her heart!" Here
he smiled to himself sentimentally, and
wondered how she would take It, the "it"
In question being the" plan he .was going*
to propose to her.
He -flung the gate of the little yard
wide open and walked quickly along the
path by the side of the house. The widow
was on the porch ' ironing out ; some lace
when he approached; and she looked up
with 'face aglow when she perceived who
It was. He lost no time in announcing
the object of his visit. He took her bands
in < his ' and looked into her wide eyes.
"Lillian." he said, "there Is a train that
leaves here for, the city in forty minutes.
I want you to get ready and go with me
on that train, If you can do It in so short
a u ™ e^j*4SflM96HlSSB9ISf
: The widow flushed and paled.
"What for?" she asftd. J "
: . "Why, . to get married,, of course.** he
said,, surprised ; that she did not . know.
There . was a ' silence, and) when ' his arm
stole around her, "Hurry up!" in a low
good-by to liuden for me, will you* Poor
Lucien!" He .grinned happily into .her
blazing eyes, and shutting the doors with
a bang, as he went through the house,
strode out Into the street. #-
JONATHAN DIBBS' EMANCIPATION-
' Their eyes met and, passed. Hers were
a b.ue eo de-.p that they verged upon
puryle, and.^anbury, who was but the
Even »n .that frresponsible moment he
reahzed trit «he could lay no especial
claim to beauty. But the fresh, girlish
?ac»> was very young and clear, and by a
strrnge coincidence it looked jut at him
from a ma'is of lilac as p*Ue and soft In
color as -Me flower he held In his hand.
He? lieht cloth. gown, her large hat, the
r^raiol at he* side, were all of that color.
Danbury nad • a bewildered f e^Unff that
the «2.« a s^rt cf human flower, and be
•Ured like a man in a trance, notlug the
•Se'cate pallor of her akin and the clear
•larkness of her hair.
¦ Gu'.d«^*. by .'that rlxth sense that comes
tc. those who dwell much In cities, he
paused &i a crossing to allow a vehicle
to pass, it was a victoria, and leaning
Jatiiy against the cushions was a girl of
nineteen or 1 twenty years, the sight cf
wLom brought his thoughts quickly back
tc tke rircsedt.
The alert Italian, with his parchment
sk.^ and , bilious-looking eyes, who saw
In . lilacs only another way of getting
mcr-ey. h^ld out a burch Insinuatingly.
DanfcLry tossed him a dime. and. select
"Jr^ one of tb- sof/, purplish spikes of
t: ~. v .< '¦¦'. it to bis face and sniffed at it
revi5r.i5cer.tly.>
"What could' have made me think cf
the old place just now?" was the silent
Interrogation that he put to himself. But
before < he h»d time to analyze his train
cf thought. hU eye fell upon a pushcart
at the. edge cfthe sidewalk, upon which
¦steed • tub crammed full of lilac blos
soms. In a second he understood. It was
the scent cf the lilacs that had transport
ed him In eplrit to the old scenes and the
lilacs that,- as a boy. he remembered he
scorned because they were flowers and.
therefore, "only worthy the attention of
wt?men and girl*.
. Hit- thi4 tss£er mirtare of ¦prlng and
wm^o was casting its glamor over the
City. and Danbury's blood whirled
tfc."»u*a bis rtizM with an intoxicating
feoylah eargemecs. It was a good thing
U b« alive— to have come from that vast,
st£l land beyond the Rockies, wbers
c^n eeeru so small— to the more Inti
mate, If le*s lofty, attractions of New
York. He felt It keenly through every'
Irca cf his healthy, vigorous body.
The crisp patter of hoofs upon the ss
pi.«_X the whizzing of the automobiles
even ti.e distant onrush of the elevated
trains— ell cf It was delightful to him.
Tie was In love with the urban Idea. Then,
at the ccrr.tr, a faint, sweet, vaguely fa
ciliar i-«nt drifted across his conscious
tMes. ai.fi as at * magic touch. Fifth ave
nue and its eights and sounds faded into
the baiikgro'ui.d ar.d an old-fashioned gar
den rose as suddenly before his mind's
ey*. •
t'Ccpy right, ISO. by T. C McOure.)
1KL=-^ <l — jl AJTBURY, fresh from
j!^i±p^g~2£l the wilds of the West,
Where « for a year or
I n£lH uirwi\ h zsore> ne ca -d been
£mV^?J3Jb bu>Jr t* 211 "* rebellloua
X v|*»,J^V>'«ila nature— after the nan
pViy-'i-g^; y a**" o- «iril engineers—
itr*sir ss:ma^Oaeta ~*~~-* down the steps
' chat le£ frc-a bis club to the street, with
"t£M broad shoulders well back and the
tort cf li-vlnjc vltvn la his heart.
- ' fozsetUst* of the wholesomeneas of
eatprs's rcUtsdes dung to him. show
tss; in the clearness of his eyes and the
fer»«£th •! bis chest. Here was a mas.
cae saw at a glance, accustomed to wide
bsxlzcss as! great draughts of untainted
•4* :
"Undoubtedly! I'm sure he don't de
serve you, letting such a little thing hin
der him." Trevor said, still holding her
hands. "You mistook me for him, so we
must look'a little bit alike. But I disown
the likeness. You would not have had to
wait for me. not If the stars had fallen."
"Ahem! Suppose that other girl heard
you now?" Marna said wickedly, her lids
lowered, a naive smile lurking about her
lips. John pressed her band and drew It
upon his arm, saying only: "Keep close to
me, the path Is narrow and I mustn't let
you get wet." But Marna appeared to
feel sufficiently answered. She smiled
more winsomely than ever at him, and
raid, as they came out In the clear lawn:
"Cousin John— we are cousins, you know,
your uncle Is my stepfather aa well as
guardian— will you do something- for my
asking, and not misunderstand?"
"Certainly," Trevor said, smiling him
self. Marna was silent for three breaths,
then said hurriedly: "Don't say anything
about anything until morning. Poor Papa
Trevor doesn't sleep well at the best
of times. He has been worrying all day
about your delayed arrival, and If you let
him know the unsettlng of his most cher-
and be off, because the dearest trirl in
the world will be whisked away p Eu
rope, clean out of reach, unless I can
manage to marry her all In a wink."
"Oh, how Jolly!" Mama cried, giving
him both her hands: "If you'll only run
away, I can wait and have a church wed
ding, with bridesmaids and flower girls
and everything. It would be horrible to
miss them, but there seemed nothing* else
to do, so Billy Martin and I have every
thing all ready. Come! We won't wait
for him any longer. I dare say he Is
water-bound, but he ought to have swam
the creek, considering. Don't you think
¦or' ¦¦¦¦ ¦/¦¦ :
As all observant persons must have no
ticed, fate dearly loves to be trusted.
In this Instance she rewarded Danbury's
confidence by bringing him face to face
with the victoria once more as he emerged
from the Square. By her quick avoidance
of his glance, be saw that the girl recog
nized him, and at the knowledge a sud
den glow suffused him. . He felt as if their
lives were already upon the loom of des
tiny. Without a moment's hositation he
stopped a passing cab, and with a few
hurried words to the driver. Jumped In.
"Do you happen to know the Gran
villes of East Twentieth Street V he In
quired of Bartram, with whom he dined
that night, for he had learned so much
more a poet that # he never attempted to
write verses, drew a sigh of delight. In
some Inexplicable way she epitomized all
the charm of life to him— the scont of
Cawers — the tenderness of wpmanhoot'.
She seemed the lilacs transmuted into
femininity, and his glance Involuntarily
traveled from her to the blossom in h":s
hand, while hers followed with a little.
Quick, unconscious flicker of appreciation.
The carriage rolled on and he went his
way with thoughts that were but a bliss
ful blur of lilac maidens and lilac bloom.
Under the thick foliage of the trees in
Madison square he sat down to pull him
self together.
"Ridiculous!" he argued sagely. "A
man of SS to lose his head over the
glimpse cf an ordinary girl In a pale
tinted gown."
At last he rose and straightened himself
with a quick, sharp decision of manner
which those who knew him had learned
to recognize as a sign of determination.
She was The Woman! Absurd as it
was, he felt exultantly positive of that.
And for the rest— well, he had a calm
confidence in himself. He would surely
find her and win her.
"But that is my risk." was the answer.
"and I am not afraid. May we call this
beginning of the beginning?" and he
.smiled, down at her with a lowk In his
eyes tnat quickened the beating of her
heart deliciously. ¦ ,
The end of the beginning came about
a year later. The lilacs "had made their
appearance In the city once more, heaped
upon the push carts at the curb, where
their haughty sisters— the roses and vio
lets—would sometimes stare disdainfully
out at them from behind the 'plate glass
of the flower Had you
been passing through x East Twentieth
street early In the afternoon of a cer
tain day you might have seen a big. ath
letic man and a slender, deep-eyed girl
descending the Bteps of one of the som
ber brownstone residences. The man was
In the regulation tweeds with his gloves
grasped flrml" In one hand, and the girl
was Kowned In lilac of a shade as'elu
sive and beautiful as a memory. #
At the sight of the gorgeously decorated'
carriage that awaited them they half hesi
tated. Then, as a shower of something
fine, white and hard as hailstones began
to patter about their beads, they dashed
down precipitously and gladly availed
themselves of its protection.
v "Joe unfolded a paper and Mat
read a confession of theft."
A
waited breathlessly for her to speak. By
her answer he would know. whether he
had read her arieht.
"O— oh!" she «a id with a little gasp.
"It Is too beautiful!" There was a sus
picious humidity in her eyes, but she
lifted them bravely to his and continued:
"I am not worthy anything ao poetical
and beautiful as this, and when you
come to know me you will find it out.
I should hate that— having you discover
what a commonplace ¦ girl 1 1 am." She
stopped and tried to steady her some
what, tremulous lips. \
So he threw prudence to the winds and
after it diplomacy and convention, and
stood before her the man that he was,
telling her how It had happened how
he had come back to New York and how,
even before he had seen them, the scent
of the lilacs had taken him back to his
boyish days; how she had appeared sud
denly, clothed In the very colors of his
dream. All this he told her rapidly and
earnestly, and as only a clean souled,
natural man could have done. Then he
There was a vague disapproval In her
voice, but not enough to make him de
epair of forgiveness. Besides, her ques
tion proved that she was more child than
woman, and that in the midst of a. so
ciety bound by precedent she dared to be
herself.
There were several other guests present,
but at the end of a quarter of an hour
Danbury and she were separated from
them by enough space to make confi
dences possible. It was then that Faith
Granville turned her clear eyes upon him
and said naively:
"Of course It is you who have * been
sending the lilacs? But how did you
know who I was and why have you done
it*"
And so, before many days elapsed, he
v.~as presented to the lady of his dreams.
In a room where the odor of lilacs was as
heavy as it had been in the garden of
his boyhood. As their eyes met, he fan
cied that Miss Granvllle flushed ever so
slightly, and that her glance was puzzled
and inquiring.
"I should like to meet them,'.' answered
Danbury. with a straight look that con
veyed perfectly that no further explana
tion was forthcoming.
smoke into the air before replying, as 'f
it were a matter of no special import
ance.
"Nice people," he observed at last, "but
rather quiet and old timey. Why?"
"Let's shake hands," John said jovially.
"It appears we're In exactly the same
boat. I have got to see my,-Uncle John
"Oh, I say! Hold onl You— you must
be Miss Lee— Marrja—of whom I've heard,
and I'm John Trevor," that gentleman
interrupted, his face scarlet. The shrub
bery at the right trembled violently, then
out of it burst the very prettiest girl he
had ever seen, who said, her eyes blaz
ing: "And you have come here to marry
me! ! "Well, I can tell you now, I had rath
er die than be your wife!"
k +——^ — j OU old poke! Take
((•^SfeT/ISj^B that for being, so hor
('fc&feJmm rIbly late! " a glr1 ' 3
<VjSg/ft<^! voice said, as Trevor
It'^lfsrlr^i went aJons an over "
rvAflrlir'^a grown patch to jeach
fli>3vb**=sSi£| h!s uncle's house.
igbj^^g-asi^n^ With the words came
a handful of rose petals, crumpled, damp
and deliciously fragrant." It had rained
all day, clearing just before sundovm.
The rain had kept him prisoner at the
Inn three miles away. He had meant to
reach , Briarlaw early In the morning, in
stead of thus upon the edge of dusk. The
rain had sent ,the creeks all out of banks
—thus he was coming to his Journey's
end afoot rather than behind his pranc
ing blacks. The footbridge defied the
flood. That for carriages was swinging
perilously in the rushing water. He could
not rest until he had seen his uncle.
Something had to be settled out of hand
—something vital to his whole future.
He looked about him. The dusking
greenery betrayed no human presence,
but the mocking voice went on: "You're
a fine fellow! Upon my word, if you had
kept m« waiting five minutes longer I
should have marched straight back and
said to my pastors and masters: 'Please,
sirs, I'm good now; quite ready to many
Mr. John Trevor—' "
Of course, they were married, as Papa
Trevor had ordained.' They lived happily
ever after, but they did , not go abroad
until they, themselves chose.
"Let me be itill a boy for ?**» one
night. Uncle Jack," Trevor pleaded. keep-
Ing bold of a tremulous elderly band.
Papa Trevor wagged bis bead, saying:
"Aye. aye, lad. But remember, you must
wake up ready to play a man's part."
Trevor slept badly and woke late to
find the world full cf sunshine and sing-
Ing birds, to bear bis uncle shouting Im
patiently at the men mowing the lawn,
and across the blurred noises, h!jh and
clear, the silver tinkle of Mama's laugh
ter. He went down stairs like one In a
dream. There was a hideous black cloud
over all the morning brightness. As ho
ca ie out on the steps a 'messenger on a
bicycle baited there, and handed him a
yellow envelope, saying, apologetically:
"Shure, aor-r, we thrled to git ye this bit
the night, but the dlvll was In the wather;
besides the b'ye that writ It out said tha
news would kape,"
Mechanically Trevor opened It and read:
"I sail to-day. Marry Paul In London.
He did not deceive me. His fortune does
not depend on anybody's whim. No long.
er yours. 3IARY."
Just then Marca danced up to him. her
hands full of dewy roses. He caught both
her wrists and said huskily: "Marna, you
mistook me for BSly/ Martin; can't you
do It again long enough to marry mef*
For a minute Mama did not answer.
She looked down, her breast heaving, her
cheeks rivaling the richest p,mong her
roses, and said at last, shyly lifting her
eyes: "You are not quite accurate. Cousin
John. The fact is. Billy wasmy mistake."
"Indeed, you are right Z migot bar*
chosen you. If It had been made a r r "«t*rT
of choice," Mama said pensively.
"So. you've outwitted me. you young
villain I" John Trevor Sr. said, wringing
his nephew's hsnrt. '1 never meant you
to see that pretty baggage there until I
was ready to give her to you for good
and . all. You know your way about.
Trot along. You'll find your room exact
ly as you left it, when you went away a
boy."
"You t*en to think It would have beea
a case of 1 +*mm_ saw, conquered,* *"
Mama said, her eyes *awi»fTi g Trevor
turned suddenly upon her. **If you oould
put up with a Billy Martin for the sake
of your own way, I don't think you would
be quite flint to me," be said, almost
angrily. He truly loved bis uncle. H4
was, moreover, proud of his name, and
the consequence of attaching to the his
Trevor fortune. It hurt to have -this
adorable xthttt. Sout him when he was
thus at grips with hard fate. She was
adorable; so adorable. In spite of f salty
to the other girl, it gave a sharper edf*
to bis perception of. loss.
"Does he know about Billy Martin T*
Trevor demanded. Marca looked at ht^
amazed.
"Oh, dear, nor she said. "XT ha had
known, why I shouldn't have be«n out
there waiting. Psp* Trevor has a ti^Mt
or having his own way—"
"Quite too bad. You make ms t e*l ut
terly consdenco-strlcksn. I didn't dreaza
his heart was so set on tola plan."*
Trevor said. After a mlnuta b« bunt out
hotly: "But he has only himself to Mar-n^
He wouldn't let us me*t. This used to
be my home, and he has kept me in cxQe
all the seven years since he married your
mother. He has brought me up to regard
myself as bis son and heir, and now, on
less I marry whom be choosea, 1 am to>
lose everything — /' " «'
iahed plans he won't gat a wink to»cight.
and will be crocser than two bear* to
morrow.**
in the intervening hours. Bartram
nodded, stopping' to blow a few rln^s of
j By M. M. Williams
J By KeitH Gordon
MARNA'S MISTAKE
LILAC BLOOMS
her way. She >flev the big tree where
the boat path led off from the main road
to the landing place at the - edge of tho
water — and she knew every inch of the
path which was now one with the un
broken darkness of everything. The roar
of the river grew louder as she ap
proached, until she could hear the waves
lapping the sides of the boat at her feet.
"Hal-loo-eh-hoo!" Mat called softly;
and "Waitln*," came the answer from
crer the water.
Mat shoved off In the long bateau and
carried it with all her might against th«
current of the stream.
"Hal-loo-eh-hoo!" she called again
when near the opposite* shore, and the
traveler's answer told her she was mak
ing the landing safe. -„ .
But when the keel touched the sand
Mat's strong arms gave way under the
strain they had had to sustain.
"Get in, stranger," she said; "but I
must rest before we go. It is days since
I brought the boat over."
"Give me the blade, I'll take her back
myself," said the man. "I can't see ye,
little 'un, but I can tell by yer voice ye' re
'(Copyright. 1SC3. by T. C. McClure.)
f <i ~ 3 AL-LOO-EH-HOO!"
fi^v Wi*| It Coated over the
Li |W *" iver ' up utUe ra "
! % " ' ' '' : l^ 1 v * ne ano - * a through
I yyi*7#?l the «°°"™y of *•
; J [4 V£fcg;£lL cabin. where Mat
! Tj-jQ?* .jfcS&^fl Wellesley sat looking
r cgsatEISr— *• out into the night.
••Hai-lao-eh-hoo*"
'.The V:iMs.' the sky. the rocks and the
• «:rerF.'aiI were Jost in one formless tea of
darkness outside. But this was occasion
ally Virud-by zi^rag streaks of fire from
tiio heavens— and Mat found a grim en
joyment ip vra-tching these,
-., "HcMoo-eh-hoo '."
. For ti.fc thjrd time the can for the f er
rymas cisi<? stealing through the dark
er is. .Mat looked back into the cabin to
vhcrj an o'd man lay stretched across a
be4 ' ¦" ".
"Poor eld dad." she murmured, "It's a
pity to wake him. He's so tired and the
old beat's a load. Seems to me the feller
could Just as well go back and stay the
Eight et Amos Baiter's as" to want to
cUio the crcssin* on a .night like this.**
"Ha'-loo-eh-hoo!"
Mat arose reluctantly-.
• "I xerkon there's nothin* else tor IC"
she eai<i ts herself. "but it's hard on
CacC " " ¦¦'
tShe west to the bed and put her hand
'en the' aaa's ahouller.
VDa4." the called in his ear. leaning
forward.
But '.here was no response. She waited
a ncutst, tien dropped her hand upon
tis^fpreao-ad-. •
- "O-h. cad."", she exclaimed, and fell to
tier knee* with' A moan by the side of the
bed. The lorehead was clammy to the
toucS. and an instinctive messenger of
th« truth cad darted to the girl"s heart—
the old riin was dead. Mat laid her ear
©ver his . heart, and another moan oX hor
»ci escaped her lips.
•'Hal-loo-eb-hoo!" came over the river.
Coated i^ through the cabin doorway and
l*-:il uyonthe girl's ears.
The ferryman would never more carry
th: boat ovei the river, and the terrible
lone" --.ess which came to Mat with th»
though", almost prostrated her. Alone,
alone, alone "R'ith the dead, with the
•»stprrr jathtring outside, and the voice
on the breeze ca-lling from over the river.
"HaJ.-loo-ch-noo! Eal-loo-eh-hoo!" It
¦ •cams a^ain.
BsX 'his time it brocght a mite of com
fort to the % hear of the girl, it relieved
a - U**ie Ct " the loneliness. A sudden
tLoi'g-*:t carae to Mat's mind, and she
• rc ; e fiui stag-gered to the doorway. In
fc:hf hr>r. !;.r.gs, .throwing out her chin.
fcV.d tiji-toeiiig with the effort, she called
• cut through the night:
•rHaf-Jo<J-*h-hal-loo-eh-hoo7*
' Vt th'r:-'.Ie<J> ?-trough the blackness of the
•'sky. ey-?ry •lr?mcr of it bearing the suf
. JTarin^, cf . htr breast. Mat wanted the
cornr-avioriship o*. a living, human being
through this night, and she had deter
tai'r.ed.'ro tak*a the boat over the river for
' »LV traveler. ; She had done it before, in
i?ii- daytime, and she did not fear the
•ti:a! p.t B&X&L '
¦* "Did," the murmured, kneeling again
"by ihe t><*iside, "you will forgive me for
lei\.n' you-.you'U forgive me in heaven.
I know, for leavin' you this little while,
"but T am fo.-lonely."
. She pressed her lips to the clammy
bnjw and went cut, closing the door be
"hlrid her. Down the rugged ravine, with
nothing io fculde her footsteps, she made
THE StTNDAY, CAI-tV
••Landed.**, said the man: and Mat wai
conscious of a* softness In his tone that
had not marked his first words.
"Lead, the way," he added, as the girl
brushed past him on the sand. "I'll try to
follow." . v v- .-/"•¦-¦ .
;.-.Mat turned along the path, and the
stranger kep0close behind her.
3
NIGHT CALL AT THE FERRY
-By Helen T. Quig'gYhand, your heart responded to him, eh?
You'ir pardon me, Miriam, but you re
mind me forcibly of the Irishman who
was too tender hearted to dock his -log's
ears at one fell stroke, ho he cut them a
half Inch at a time."
Miriam, winced, reddening. The truth
sounds so different, Btrlppfd of pictur
esque phrases. Graham relit his e.gar.
".You want me to go In with" you, vir
tually lying to Forsythe," he. went on
gravely. "At "the. risk .of appearing un
gallant I'm afraid . I must decline your
flattering offer. I don't know much about
such things, but It seems to. me. If I
didn't care to go into partnership with a
man I could make him understand my re
fusal had nothing to do with my personal
regard for him. If— If I -didn't want to
marry you, for Instance, Miriam, you
wouldn't take it as unfriendliness on my
part would you?"
Her downcast eyes missed the fact that
he was watching her ¦ narrowly. She
got up.
"I don't know if I've the nerve to do
It" she said, rather tremulously and let
ting his question 'pass unheeded. "You've
no idea how hard It is, Bart I've always
liked him. If not' in that other way/ ¦ so
very much, till— till— " .
. She hesitated and looked at him appeal
lngly; but there was no sign of relenting
in his averted face. Bhe sighed softly. A
moment later he heard the swish of ber
light skirt along the hall. He laid down
his cigar. •
"In v . one respect," he groaned, "women
are like Providence— their ways are past
finding out!" ¦
On the morning of the third day, from
the vantage point of his own window, be
saw. the suitor depart There was a rose
bud In the lapel of his faultless coat. As
he got • into ¦. the autobus - Graham caught
, a glimpse of his face. His own , promptly
fell. As if that were not sufficient, on
going out directly after, he met Miriam's
- mother In the halL -• The pretty -widow's
, cheeks were | flushed like a' girl's, and, It
se«med to him, there was a* guilt % look to
her eyes. She gave him a smile that re
1 laxed ¦ not a tone of . Its sweetness at the
savage tone of , his ''Good morning." ,Thls
last- confirmed his ' worst forebodings; he
decided that,' between the two,' they had
succeeded -. to ;. coercing Miriam • to . their
wishes.*, * " ' ¦ '
'. He went back to the house and sent a
peremptory . note to the ' young lady."? He
wished to se her .once more, and , at her
Graham .stared. What a refreshing
phase of womanhood! Then he smiled
grimly. .
"So, I suppose,' it was your, idea to let
Forsythe down easily by giving him; to
understand' that, although I held your
"Well!" he Eald shortly, "I should think
you could disabuse him of the idea easily
enough.
Miriam's brown eyes widened.
"You must think It Is prime fun, Bart
Graham, to boldly tell a . good friend
right to his face that you. don't care for
him, especially when he's such a dear old
fellow!", she said, with a; little quiver to
her voice. . . • •.,-¦*'
"That's Just It," she rejoined, hopeless
ly. "Mother has tacitly given him to un
derstand that I -do care for him, for all
my seeming Indifference. In fact, they've
done nearly all the courting, themselves."
Graham's lips curled.
"Why don't you tell him the truth?" he
said at last "He's man enough to stop
his attentions, if he knows they're un
welcome"
ti «j 1 mm ¦¦ IRIAM came into the
JW library and sat down
jw3 opposite Graham.
j^ There was a pucker
» ill of anxiety on ber
=*g^ "Harry/ 1 «he Bald,
. "wouid you mind be
inti engaged to me?"
Graham took his feet off the window
sill and sat up.
"Engaged?" he repeated dubiously. .
Miriam nodded.
s "It's only for a couple of days." she
hastened to reassure him. "Mr. Forsythe
is coming to propose, and I'm at my wits'
end. I haven't a single excuse for refus
ing him. He's good, end wealthy, and
nice looking. Mother won't hear an ob
jection, even his age. So, you see, the
only way is to let him understand, ever
so delicately, that I'm not free to listen
to him. Nobody will know, for he Isn't
the sort to repeat confidences."
Graham lay back in his chair and sur
veyed her coolly. " . .
"If you've no objection to him, why don't
you marry him?" he inquired.
"I thejght I made It clear that I didn't
want to," Bhe explained, with a note of
Injury 'in her voice. "I'm sure. If you
don't wish to help me out, - Bart, you
needn't But we've been such chums, I
thought you'd as lief as not I'd . do as
much for you."
Graham swallowed hard, but she did
not notice.
; i The ; flushed . face • was Instantly; burled
against - his * sleeve, i Graham as : promptly
unearthed ; it . and ; forced . its shy eyes to
meet -his again.' What he saw there only
he knows: ' but It proved .to him beyond a
doubt that Miriam's Impersonal friendship
was as preposterous a fraud as his own.
"Miriam, be honest with me, then, as I
am with you. .I've loved you all the while
I was pretending friendship, and when. I
thought another man was winning you I
was .beside myself with misery. "Tell. me,
little . chum, could you love me to that
'other way*?" fHmPtwmBBijSHHSZ
"It was mother, not me, to whom he
proposed," she said. "It was Just her silly
blunder, the blessed goose! She never
told me they were engaged years ago.
And I acted such a guy before you. I
fretted myself sick about It But" meet
ing his eyes with unwonted and bewilder
ing shyness,' "if he had asked me, Bart,
I should have told him' the truth. I've
resolved to be as honest as the day here
after." - .
Graham's head swam In the great light
breaking on him. ' Impulsively ¦ he strode
forward and took both her hands.
"Oh, Bart 17 she cried, between hyster
ical sobs and laughter. "What In the
world are you talking about?"
: "You shall not marry Forsythe against
your will," he insisted. Then, -to his as
tonishment Miriam uncovered her face
and burst into a ringing, laugh of sheer
relief. \
earliest convenience. He* thought .their
former close friendship gave him the
privilege.
He was hardly prepared for the flushed
cheeks and defiant eyes that greeted him.
Nevertheless, he resolved to stick man
fully to his role of protector.
"If it came to this, Miriam 1" be burst
forth, "I think you might have- trusted
me to help you out, for all I refused the
other day! I would have done anything
but what you asked— even; to shooting
him," savagely.
Miriam's nervous 'color deepened.
"I— I don't see how any one could have
helped it except mother." she stammered.
"1 could, and I Intend to yet" he re
torted grimly. He came a step nearer.
"I tell you, child, you shall not b« forced
into this marriage against your will. I
have some right as— as your nearest
friend, and I shall remonstrate with your
mother. That failing, I shall go to For
sythe himself, and telling him the truth,
since you: dare not lie is an honorable
man, and he will release you."
Miriam backed away from him and hid
her face in her hands.
HER CHAPTER OF PROPOSALS
By Hattie P. Rider
"Why did 70a nrnP Ton might have known yon could not escape me," said her pursuer as he came up.
"Hey?" mused Gottlieb, two weeks lat
er, when his gray-green eyes devoured
four closely printed lines In the personal
bf the Western Prairie Farmer. "Hey,
Stuttgart? Dat might be Pauline's oncle
mit the comvortable vortune. Pauline,
ha! the vash close; she make ride goot
soup. Vy not ged mine dinner, by her
eferey day? I can chust so val pay vor
two, den. I haaf more time to work. Hey,
vy, not? - Und— und to Hans, dat leetle
mortgage I could pay. Hey, vy not?"
69 to the widow hastened Gottlieb.
"Pauline," In a cold sweat he trembled,
Four Insertions ruch as tbat in the
V.'estern Prairie Farmer, and Pauline
could take her choice. Hans? Mebbe
Gottllfb? Mebbe. Ach, chust so val she
might be. carevuL The less sordid, she
would choose.
• • •
In the old country the widow had an
oncle. Beventy years of age was the
oncle. and at 70 oncWs sometimes die. To
Gottlieb and to Hans of that oncle she
had often spoken, yah! yah! Eight thou
sand dollars. Khe believed he bad amassed.
Ah. if .tn loofe Pauline was weak; in
strategy she was strong. Mine Gott! she
had a' scheme.
"Iv the widow of the late Augusts
BUthl mit the ondersifrned vlll corre
epond. of som'ting greatly to her ad
vantage ehe vlll hrar. In Stuttgart,
her aged onc!e haaf died."
1 j \ A HONE. sighed .the
¦ V- 1^^^^ -a widow Stahl. for the
irSd/S^s^vJu widow was in the
throes ef a dilemma.
pS.GT*s?s»ri 6he had lovers— two
lJ@8ta^U§6 Of them-and for both
\>^^SS^i<ifl Bhe entertained a
1 1 11 t\ 1 isji'iii measure of affection
end reject In the balance she had
¦weighed them and found neither wanting.
Tip, -? went Gottlieb, down went Hans.
Tip, up went Hans, down went Gottlieb.
Tip. steady! ounce to ounce they weighed
and hung; a. very hair would sway them.
"Ach. dey both be goot vor husbands.
Vlch best hey? I don't know now," she
xsuaed. VGottlleb, be haaf a varm, dree
tiondred acres, two horse, som' cow, torn'
pig, an' be rork hard; he plow, so much.
Ach. but Hans, be haaf dat much, too,
alretty, an' he vork harder; he plow so
much as Gottlieb. Elder vood do.
Ohone!" and again the widow sighed.
Truly for this caution the widow had
good cause. Before marriage, the late
Herr Stahl, like the present suitors, had
been weighed In the balance and found
"not wanting." After marriage, a long.
long, practical sermon he had preached,
the text of which bad been "The waste
of precious love." And now, "L<oofe,
loofe! Oh, no— oh, no!" sneered the
widow.** m!t such tings as dat I haaf not
tlng more to do. Neln. neln!"
For her man, Gottlieb or Hans, which
ever won htr hand, she would "rash dose,
make ride goot coup, clean house and do
chust so val as she could. Bud, loofe?
JCeln, neinl"
Now, to her name the Widow Stahl had
nothing, no horse, no cow. no pig, no dot
Bet worst of all, the marriage mangle had
squeezed from her that subtle coquetry,
the magnet of her sex, and try as she
might to extract a proposal from her
cooling ewains, they returned only sheep
ish looks, handclaps and praise for culi
nary skllL Ohone. what was the matter?
The widow steeped her brains.
"Ach, Oott the sordid loons!" It was
Cowry they were after. To vash close,
to make ride goot soup, to clean house, to
do chust so val as a woman can. was not
enough tor them, ach. nlen! At last she
understood.
i. Wa \ ton w " «noklng his post
prandial cigar two nights later, to a
peaceful frame of mind on the widest
hammock the porch afforded. HlTwlfe
was talking In an undertone.
"Well, thank heaven. Hattle has given
It op for good. I think It was that btt
of scandal about the maftager belnW 5i
"Nonsense. How do you know*'
"It's all over, little girl. It was Just a
tree or something that was struck. There
can't be another crash like that Lookr
at me. dear; It's Tom. I'm with yout"
He reached her side Just as the yellow
blue light of the bolt seemed to rnveloo
the entire cottage. When It was over
Tom was holding a limp, unconscious
form tight to his heart. "«.ious
The room was suddenly shrouded ta
gloom, and from the distance came the
mutter of thunder. Ah. that was why she
could not study. Electricity ta the air
always unnerved her. It was merely a
case of depression. «««uz •
She closed her window, then passed ra»-
I J? om room to TOom ' eloeins; door*
and windows, and busylriTnerself to she?
desperation, for an electrical storm In the
Adirondacks is no trifling matter Down
came the darkness like a mighty "pall and
with hands that trembled she lighted the
sitting-room lamp. Surely Tom would
come In a few moments— If he could find
aMTiT^T^ . th * b , lackn «» outdoor*
A flash of "ghtning played on the win
dow and she Jerked down the shade. With
the thunder there boomed another crash
ing sound and a forest monarch lay prone
-« ?£* la^? ! ***•¦ An «>ther crash and
another, with the wind whistling and
nowiing a minor accompaniment to the
thunder. Harriet lay face downward on
the wicker couch, her head burled tn pil
lows. In the Inky blackness of the entry
stood Tom. his face gTim and set. his
arms crossed over his chest Suddenly
there came a pause, one of those awful
portentous pauses that presage an excet^
tional burst of fury. On the ominous)
silence rans; a terrible voice:
"Tom, where are you? Why don't, yon
comer
An hour of hard study on the role of
"Amy Leighton. who is always misunder
stood," as the play bills would read, a
brief respite at the luncheon table, where
personalities were carefully avoided, »»4
she was back In her room. But somehow
she could cot study. She suddenly re
called that Tom had only two weak** va
cation, that this was the biggest holiday
of the year, and he had given 119 the
Jaunt with other members of the houa*>
party. Why? Because she wu afraid to
go. She hated the long ride on the water
—she had always been afraid of boating—
and she hated the noise of a country ost«
ebratlon. And Tom loved It all
She lay on her couch trying to study
but her thoughts reverted unpleasantly
and persistently to Tom— Tom. who had
carried her books and her lunch to school.
who had fought for her and fetched and
carried for her ever since she could re
member. But, of course, there might b*
another Tom on the road. If not-wsJL
her art would comfort her.
tlon at a well advertised dramatic school.
"Independence!" She had hungered for
ft ever since she could remember. .And
now In a few brief weeks she would b*
mistress of the situation— quite capable
of taking care of herself.
While Tom smoked and shied pebbles
at unoffending birds and Insects, Harriet
sat In her room, looking over some pho
tographs which had arrived in the last
mall. She had ordered them for the man
ager whose company she was to join In
August for a road tour. There was her
"Lady of Lyons" costume worn at the
last school review and one as "Juliet"
and a head clouded in tulle, to say noth
ing of half a dozen less striking poses.
With a hand that was quite firm and
determined she indorsed the pictures,
"Yours faithfully, Harriet Wentworth."
She would play under her own name.
There was nothing to be ashamed of.
.She. was going to be very happy. Of
course,' It. would be hard at first because
some of the fellow players to which 'she
had been, introduced before leaving town
were a bit plebeian. But all . professions
had their drawbacks. And at last her life
of dependence would be over. Mrs. Wal
ton had been kind, and her husband even
more so. They had not said , one word
when Harriet took the last dollar of her
little Inheritance to pay for a term's tui-
• Harriet swept across the porch and into
the house. Tom pulled his cap far down
over his eyes and plunged into the tangle
of laurel which screened the house on
the right
"But I can't And I think it is very
horrid of you to spoil my vacation by cry-
Ing for the moon, for - that is what you
are doing when you ask me to give up
my career."
"Forgive me, dear, but you can't under
stand how I feel, when I think that In
less than a short month you will pass out
of my life, perhaps forever, and If you do
come back, that you will not be Just the
same girl, but one embittered by hard ex
perience. Hattle, do you think any audi
ence will ever listen to the music of your
voice and hang on every word as I do?
And the critics, they will say things that
will hurt and cut you, and I— I won't be
able to punch their heads off! Oh, if you
only could " '
Harriet had risen and was dusting off
hex linen skirt with elaborate care. Tom
was on his feet in an instant
"Of independence," Interrupted Harriet
ruthlessly. "And your declaration calls
for dependence. I should be dependent
upon you for everything— the roof over
my bead, the food on the table, the furbe
lows on my back, even my happiness "
"And would it be so hard, little girl, to
accept them? Why, I have dreamt of
nothing else for years but giving you all
these— and more. I am willing to take
my chances of drawing big dividends in
happiness "
"Men are born gamblers," replied Har
riet, with her big brown eyes fixed on the
line where blue water and bluer sky met
In rippling kisses. Tom sat up very
straight and dug the toe of his tennis
shoe viciously into the stony walk. '¦¦
"Of course, you are not taking any
chances in going on the stage. You are
going to be a star Inside of a year, Just
because the man to whom you've been
paying good money, says you are his
most promising pupil "
"I think that will do. Tommy. X really
didn't know you could be so rude."
(Copyrighted, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
r — y a OMMY, this Is the
Iu^*li^5wi fourta tlme la tea
.tfrjw v^J'lf davt ~ an< l vou prom-
let you come!"
I i^frSd/^^la " But 1 couldn't help
It this time, dear. It
i -ijdfi? 11 iu uisijLjLL.'JI just slipped out" Then,
in wheedling tones, he added, "Besides,
this Is the day for declarations."
his bony fingers clenching and unclench
ing at a crackling hayseed hat. "I— I—
loofe you. I — I — haaf a varm, dree hun
dred acres, two horse, som' cow, som'
rig. You— you haaf notting— nottlng at
all. Pauline; no varm, no husband. You
vas a relic: but I loofe you. Pauline, I
loofe you. You vash he cloi?e. ged dinner,
clean house. 1 plow, v-vork In de field.
Ve bftter ged married, hey?"
It was a mighty effort for the wooer.
but It did not please the wooed. "Hey,
so I vas a relic, vas I. Gottlieb? What
vor you loofe relics? Dem only Inters
In*. Ach, vrom the heart you do not loott
me, ncin! Vrom the stomach, mebbe.
'Ride goot soup. Pauline.' you once say.
ha! ha! Vat vor we ged married. Gott
lieb, hey? Nein. neln!" she clashed In
his face.
Threatened "iieb: "Den I marry
Katrlna."
"Katrina. hey?" sneered Pauline with
a clumsy Bhrug. "Ach. val she marry
you, Gottlieb. She Joomp at you. You
ask at her!" V
Hlmmel! A few moments later, as shs
listened to the slow, uncertain shuffle of
his heavy feet trailing down the wooden
etalr, the widow wavered. Should she re
call him. hey? Ach, neln! He had seen
the ad. about her • oncle in the paper.
His was a sordid, stomach loofe. chust
the thing for the spinster Katrlna. For
her, Pauline, der vas still the handsome
Hans, dree hondred acres, and a varm!
A month passed. The four insertions
petered out Hans must have seen them,
one at least Every farmer read the
Western Prairie news. Still Hans did
not come. His customary week-end visits
even he omitted, and no letter, no expla
nation, nothing. He must be sick, declared
the widow.
Two months passed.
Yah, Hans vas sick! She would make
some soup, and she would go to him since
he could not come to her. So. armed
with a pail of Gottlieb's delight she
sought the bashful bachelor in his den.
She found him robust, quite cheery and
smoking a corncob pipe.
"Ha, you raskel!" she cried playfully,
"what vor you vrighteri me? What vor
you stay away vrom Pauline?"
Replied Hans, rudely pufflng an eye-;
smarting cloud past the olive-tinted face
eo near his own: "Your oncle, out ov
respec* vor heem, I stay away."
Tip, up went Hans.
Hlmmel! Such sweet consideration!
"Ya-as, ya-as." stammered Pauline, a
series of tiny gulps impeding her usually
glib response. "I— I— vas a-amournln', eh.
eh, bud. Hans." she murmured, seating
her fiat ungraceful figure close beside
him on the settle, and searching his stolid
face for a tender gleam, "y— you sym
bathite, you loofe me, hey?"
Hans moved away.
"Neln, nelnl" he muttered, roughly: "I
haaf change my mind, Pauline. Mine
Oncle Charles— I never tell you eo before
—be own der 'Western Prairie Varmer,
yah! Und you, Pauline, von dollar you
pay mine oncle vor you'm Stuttgart on
cle's ad. 'Look out Hans, look out!'
mine Oncle Charles nay. . Ah. ha! your
oncle Is not died, Pauline. Ven I see your
ad I write . to heem. Mine oncle, he so
advise. Your oncle, he reply: 'I haaf not
died. I haaf nottlng to her advantage,
neln!' Hees letter I Till read," concluded
Hans.
"Hey! Huh! A letter! Y-your oncle?
M-mlne oncle I Hey I" stuttered the as
tonished strategist, tilting backward on
her seat
"Y-yaas," and, disgusted, Hans arose.
Crash!
The widow, was between two stools.
By Alice Bruce.
BETWEEN TWO STOOLS
By A. S. Richardson.
IN THE, STORM'S VOICE,
"The brutes! Do you have to fight them
single-handed ?"
Cicely nodded. "It's hard eom«tlmesi"
"Don't you need an assistant shepherd
to help? I like to kill wolves and I adore
sheep— and shepherdesses."
"You wou»«-n't if you could ser them as
they really are. The lambs are not a bit
adorable, only stupid and tiresome, and
the shepherdess— she'd be wearing a
shabby gown and big shoes and her hair
tied. No, you'd best remain with the
court"
"Hang the court! I'd heaps rather be a
shepherd. Won't you take me on trtal?"
There was Just a note of earnestness In
the cavalier's voice, and Cicely tried to
turn It away lightly. "I don't think you
would do at alL You are much too fine a
gallant"
"I may not be as fine as I seem," he re-
* What that meant Cicely did not dare
to think, end now. crouched In the dark
ness by the garret window, she was try-
Ing to fcrg6t her worries. For thtre was
to be a garden party and masquerade at
f''%/"^<CT>^"V»j*jj ' or the little school
TisV(^BWU>Ui xnlBtre8 »- Th « cnl1 
ttei?W^ Q dr * n had been srur>t ' i
I fitel^iM^^Si a cn^ mutinous. aild at
i Vt\f**L?^3j'tt the worst time had
j|f JJ|^J3irj£7/i H come a Supervisor to
uiurft^aaiiga^mJj criticize the lack of
Clselpllnt. Miss Wlnthrop was too young.
he had said. Perhaps the board should
pet a mcrt experienced teacher.
(Cop: right v 1303, by T. C McClure.)
flowers, the admiration ef her partners,
filled the girl's, heart with delight, anil
her courage rose to the occasion. She
was surprised to find how, behind the
protection of her mask, she could act her,
part, even as If she, too, belonged to the
party.
Once in the swirl of a waits she caught
sight of herself in a long mirror and
doubted her eyes. Could that be she. that
dainty, graceful madcap with her cheeks
flushed, her eyes sparkling through the
slits in her. visor, her hair In golden dis
order at her neck— that Cicely Wlnthrop.
with her own living to moke and shabby
clothes to wear7 And the music— It
seemrd to lift her'on lt» wings and b«ar
her over the floor as lightly as any thlstU
down. That was what her last partner
had said— a cavalier of Charles II— when
at the end of a dance they were sitting
In the dimly lit conservatory.
"Thistledown I I believe that's what you
are— or else a fairy. No shepherdess could
dance nm you do, not even one out of
Watteau. and besides, where are your
sheep? You haven't even one little Inno
cent snow-white Iambi"
"I've escaped for a moment from them."
"Faithless shepherdess! Aren't you
afraid of wolves?** -;.:.
"Awfully! One came into the sheep
fold to-day, a very savage one."
"The poor lambs. My heart bleeds "
"It needn't Thejr only eat shep
herdesses."
turned. ~I may be something Quite differ-
I^d'^^Uul/h^^
'•"Ne^fw'rald, You see. -he's only
allowed one evening off in *««.«?*;
sides, she has no court <^tume. Oh *,,
-a fairy godmother touched the shabby
gown and the big shoes, and **"•*£•
night is over they change back as they
were." |
"And the girl?" -«~- '
"Not before unmasking time ec^l
anyway. There Is the signal now; he
said as a chime of bells rang In the dis
tant hall, followed by the sound of *"*»'
ter. "Ah. you are caught, fairy ¦hepherd-.
ess! Now disappear if you can- «•
dragged off his mask and waited expect
ant, looking at the girl.
Cicely felt the blood rush to her face.
"I-I must go." she said hurriedly W<1
rose. "1 didn't know it was so late..
"Go! Why. you know you promu.M me
supper, and " * ,•
"I didnt think. I forgot for a moment.
No. I must."
"Without unmasking?**
"I can't Don't ask me why. There
are reasons. Ob. I can't explain. Pl«"«
let me get away." she cried, for the man
had stepped before the door. Cicely cast
a hurried glance about. She spied a
door heading into the garden and before
the cavalier could guess her Intention shA
had fled through It blindly Into the sight.
he after her.
She did not know where she ran nor
care. Her only thought was to escape
discovery, to get away home before ex
posure came. On she sped, across the
lawn. Into the shadow of the shrubbery,
tripping over roots, held back by cling
ing' vines, her mask brushed from her
face, her breath giving out. and discovery
and shame at her heels. Then she tried
to find some hiding place, and falling,
sank down on a bench with a bitter,'
despairing cry, and burled her face In bee
hands. ". '»' .
"Why did you run? Ton might have
known you couldn't escape me." said her
pursuer as he came up. Then, as he
heard the girl's sobs, "are you hurt?"
"Yes— yes !" she sobbed, "but not as
you think. Oh. why did I ever come?
How am I to tell you? What will you
think of me? I ought not to be here to
night I am not a guest I had no right
to come."
It was a confession punctuated By sobs
and little gasp* of pain that the cavalier
listened to.
"I saw the lights," Cicely added, "and
then the waltz music came to me and I
couldn't resist ft I thought there'd be no
harm— Just for an hour, and then X could
go back and no one would know, and X
could have one pleasant memory among
dreary, drudging days. I'm— I'm not so
very old and I haven't had any pleasure
or happiness In so long and this was a
chance— and I took It"
She rose and dried her eyes. "You see,
I told you the truth. I'm only a shep
herdess and had no place ta court. ax>£
now I must go back to the sheep— and the
wolves again. It's been— I can't tell you
what this evening has been— except this
last"
"Do you care so much then that Z know
who you are?" The cavalier wu stand-
Ing beside the shepherdess looking down
at the bent head showing so softly In the
dusky shadows. "I would have sought
you out In any case— if I had to search the
world over. Do you care, now that I
know?"
"No," returned Cicely softly.
"And I mar come to-morrow and se«
the lambs— and the shepherdess?"
"I don't think It would be best for tfse
lambs, but— I usually come home from the
sheepfold by way of the red brldf*
and—"
"If vou saw a wolf waiting by the
bridge wvuld you mind?" / • ¦*.
"Not If it was a nlo wolf."
"And if the wolf were to carry you off
and the Iambs have to have another shep
herdess, would you be v«ry much scared V
asked the cavalier.
"I don't think so." whispered the
little Dresden shepherdess. "I think— TA
.rather like It" ...... .'.
J THE SUNDAY CALL.
4
A DRESDEN SHOPHERDESS
- Two hours later Cicely— no. not Cicely,
but a Dresden china shepherdess— who
had stolen away from her own life and
forgotten all Its cares, found herself one
of a hundred or two other gay, fantas
tic conundrums, who chatted, laughed,
bandied repartee, flirted In obscure cor
ners, sat on shadow porches or glided
beneath soft lights to the dreamy niuslo
of a hidden orchestra.
The " life and . movement, . the kalrldo
¦coplc play. of color, the sheen and luster
of silk' and satin, the gleam of snowy
arm* and shoulders, the fragrance of
the Stonlngton place near by. From the
window she could overlook the grounds,
all a twinkle with Innumerable Japanese
lanterns; see the house Itself, Its lighted
porches. Its windows lively with many col
ored passing figures, and watch the la
dles arriving at the entrance and floating
in like white moths out of the summer
night
At first it was enough Just to sit there,
head on stll. watching it all and hearing
the swing and rhythm of the faint dance
music. But little by little came over her
a longing to have some part in the gay
ety her whole young spirit craved. She
was your.g. too. She was pretty— as her
mirror had told her. She had loved danc
ing In the old days. Ah. those days! They
sermed so far off. and yet only two years
penarated them from the present. Now
l!f* (ran so difTerent-^no more girlhood,
no more pleasure, no rrtore pretty' clothes
or jolly part'es. That last one. the one
Jupt bf-fore her father died— that had been
a bal masque, too. The costume was in
K*r trutifc now— as If. she would ever pet
the chance to wear It npa'n! And yet.
why not? A sudden thought set her heart
thumplnjr. Why not eo to this one? Only
for a moment. It w«« a masquerade —
no one would know hf>r— phe could slip
In thr"»ieh the *hrHl»h«*ry unobserved,
mingle with the crowd, and th<n— Th««
plan was very dazzling to the little g[r\
in the garret window.THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
THE BASIS OF AN ENGLISH SPEAKING ALLIANCE
&y ; ?/ze> 'm&^^mf^^^^^Wim
\_^E^" ' • J C^5I F the dominating influences that govern our- age none is
?£J£?r*^fei'^ more conspicuous than the tendency to great agglomera
i/$'"$**&$ ti 005 based upon an affinity of race, language or creed.
, S E*f<>j£?ls V The Pan-Slavonic movement, which is sp powerful in East
iXtfirt^sk ern politics; the Pan-Germanic movement, which seeks to
*p$k^2$Q gather the Teutonic nations under one rule; the move
rfo53=srsjQdyj ment which made United Italy and which, under the name
of Italia irredenta, aspires to still further absorptions,
are conspicuous instances, and there is little doubt that the two first, at
least, are destined to play a considerable part in the future. There was a
time when it seemed not beyond the limits of possibility that the whole
English-speaking race might be comprised in a single empire, but the blun
ders—not wholly on one side— of the public men of the eignteenth century de
stroyed the prospect, and no one now seriously believes that England and
the United States are ever destined to form part of one commonwealth. At
the same time the old jealousies and animosities which once divided them
have in England wholly disappeared and in the United States greatly di
minished, and the idea has been steadily growing that in foreign politics the
very first aim of an English statesman should be to establish close and
friendly relations with the United States, and that one of the most impor
tant aims of domestic policy should be to draw as close as possible the con
nection between the mother country and her colonies. The oid notion that
so long prevailed under the influence of the Manchester school that the
colonies were little better than an embarrassment, a danger and an expense
to be held for a short time under tutelage and* then completely seoarateri
from the mother country, finds now but few supporters. The pride in the
growth and greatness of the empire, and in the manifest destiny of the Eng
lish-speaking nations that are arisinc beyond the ocean, has steadilv in
creased, and at no former period of English history has the moral tie bind
ing us to our colonies been as powerful as at present.
The Constitution of fclhe United States
England and the United States are separate bodies, and in manv re
spects they move upon different planes. Their forms of government arc.
essentially different England posse*. ses in the fullest sense of the word a
parliamentary government, though fhere are 'some signs that the almost
complete omnipotence of the British House of Commons is on the decline.'
Still the Cabinet, though its power in the state is evidently increasing, is
in the last resort the creature of the House of Commons, which can at anv
moment overthrow it The practical power of the House of Lords on aues
tions in which public opinion is seriously interested amounts to little mor«»
than a brief suspensory veto which terminates when the popular verdict has
been decisively pronounced, and a power of introducing in the interest of mi
norities some modifications or attenuations of the measures which the ma
jority of the Commons has carried: while the power of the crown is still
less and is chiefly indirect. In the American constitution, on the v other
hand, Congress can only act within the limits of a written constitution *
watched over and controlled bv a errat legal tribunal, and the power* of the
•President and of the Senate larpelv exceed those of the British sovereign
and House of Lords. England is also by her position in the world an emi
nently free trade country, and so large a predominance of her trade is with
foreign countries that it seems scarcely possible that her fiscal policv can
•be very materially changed, while America is strongly protectionist. Prob
ably a more serious fact in affecting the future relations of the. two coun
tries is a growing divergence of racial elements,, for the vast flow of Euro-
pean emigration to America is constantly reducing the proportion of tht
Anglo-Saxon and even of the Teutonic race in* the American population. Yet
with all this there remains a far theater community of thought and feeling
between England and the United States than between England and anv
foreign European country. The English common law lies at the foundation
of the American legal system. Thr two nations have the same language, the
same dominant race, and in a measure the same history and the same tradi
tional sympathies and characteristics. They have -grown up under the in
fluence of a common literature and a substantially identical creed. At th«
very time when politicians were doing most to alienateVthe two great Eng
lish-speaking communities Weslev and Whitefield were laying the basis of a
far deeper and more intense spiritual communion between them, and their
moral type is substantially the sam«.
They read the same books, admire chiefly the same qualities, judge bv
the same standards, cultivate the same ideals. With some manifest limita
tions, both intellectual and moral, both communities are very eminently, en-
dowed with the political sense, with the old Roman gift of governmjr men.
England has shown it in. the iuoreme achievement of her Indian empire,
in the skill and power with which in more modern times she regenerated
Egypt; in the success of her colonial enterprises;, in the success __ of her
parliamentary government. America has shown it not less conspicuously
.in the skill with which her Anglo-Saxon people have dominated and assimi
lated the vast heterogeneous elements which European emigration ha»
poured upon her shores, and built up out of these discordant and often re
fractory ingredients one of the greatest powers upon earth. In both coun
tries, too, this governing power rests mainly upon the same characteristics
— good "sense- — the spirit of compromise — a strong and persevering yet tem
perate energy — a deep reverence for individual liberty, for religious libertv
and for freedom of discussion, a rare power of distinguishing the practical
and the feasible from showy speculation and rhetorical artifice and hastv
generalizations.
Many clouds hang over the futnre destinies of the human race, but it
is at least a safe prediction. that the part which will be played by the Eng
lish speaking world must steadily grow. It comprises the most rapidly in
creasing, the most progressive, the nxost happily situated nations of the
earth, and if their power and influence are not wasted in internal quarrels,
their type of civilization must one day be completely dominant. They have
hitherto escaped the militarism that is so prevalent on the Continent. Their
civilization' is essentially commercial and pacific, and though it has its
marked defects it is. not too much to say that in no other form has true lib
erty been better understood and a larger and fuller scope been given to
human develftpment and individual energy.
Closer Diplomatic Relations.
¦ - ' -
. • The revelation during the South African war of the intense dislike of
England that prevails in the nations of the Continent has powerfully tended
to draw English sympathies to kinsmen beyond the sea. and the succession
of American representatives, in London of very remarkable ability and
popularity has done much to consolidate the two countries. In the great
problems that are arising in the East, the policy of the "open door,"
adopted on both sides of the Atlantic, has formed a new and powerful bond
of commercial and political interest, and the cordial co-operation of the
two nations is an essential condition of success. At the same time the Irish
party in America, which had for many years been the most active agency in
producing and inflaming an anti-English feeling, and which long obtained
a very disproportionate influence both in municipal government and the
press, is manifestly declining, both in influence and numbers.
It does not appear to me probable that the relations of the two nations
will take the form of any general or permanent alliance. On both sides of
the water the feeling in favor of reserving full liberty of action is very
strong, and each country has large classes of interests with which the other
is almost unconcerned. English opinion now cordially acquiesces in the
Monroe doctrine, which places the greater number of American questions
entirely within the sphere of influence of the United States, while America
is happily free from all obligation to meddle with purely European compli
cations. Limited alliances aiming at special objects, such as a freedom of
commerce in the East, may very probably arise, but on the whole the unity
of the -English-speaking races is likely to depend much more on the increas
ing power of common sympathies, common principles and common inter
ests Both countries are essentially democratic, and the broad basis of
popular sentiment must be the foundation of their friendship.
USE OF INCENTIVES IN CHILD TRAINING
SECOND TALK TO PARENTS
By Win. J. iSHearer, A. M. Pd.D.
(i f —A ERY early in life the child learns that certain actions are
''c^PB>*(^^^f followed by pleasant sensations, while others are not. Al
' iS^Jat/ 1 ® most intuitively he strives to secure the one and to avoid
the ot^ cr - Soon the desire for the pleasant sensations
r\i$Jl/£-k becomes so strong that it acts as an incentive to action.
T%gf!af/LQJj As the child grows older the incentives which appeal
ygjS$5^£^_ L to V.*m increase in number, grow in power and rise in
character. Consciously or unconsciously they influence
the wilV determine action, fix habits, mold the character, and make certain
the destiny of all, both for time and eternity. Since they do so vitallv af
fect the present and future of us all. much attention should be given bv
parents to the consideration of that influence upon children.
It is a hundred times easier to lead th^n to drive. Too few parents
appreciate the importance of this truth. A still smaller number understand
the proper use of right incentives. In the past too much time and energy
have been wasted in unsuccessful attempts to drive children into right^ ways,
and too little thought given to plans of leading them, by pleasant" expe
riences and anticipations, to prefer the correct paths. All who have studied
children closely will agree that, if started right, most of them can be led eas
ily all the time; that all can be led most of the time, and that few. if any,
need be driven much of the time. Why, then, should a child be constantly
driven if he can more easily be lei most of the time? How important,
then, that we learn to lead when it is possible to do so, arid drive only when
wf must
The Desire for Comfort.
Beginning with the lowest in the scale, the desire for comfort is one
t)f the very earliest of incentives. As before stated, while yet a babe in the
mother's arms the child discovers that some acts are followed by personal
comfort, and others by unpleasant sensations. The one great desire is to se
cure the pleasant and avoid what is unpleasant. This natural desire largely
determines the conduct of individuals all through life.
If the child's treatment is uniform these associations, being made fre
quently, leave their impress, and the child becomes aware of a law of con-;
duct outside of itself.f This is the will of the parent. or other person in au
thority. Very^soon the child learns that it pays "to., avoid all acts- which'
result in pain or discomfort. So' well is this lesson learned that few bad hab
its would be formed if unpleasant results uniformly followed improper
acts. ' ¦ '"•.. \ '.->"¦' - : ' ¦
The fear of some kind of punishment is a powerful. incentive to right
conduct. Though one of the very lowest, yet it is an incentive of. which
most parents must make use 'frequently at first. r .
While it should not be used when it is possible to reach the desired
end by any higher, the fact remains that with far too large a proportion
of children and adults it is the fear of the consequences that generally pre
vents the improper action.
Rewards and Prizes.
The natural desire for some objective recognition of right conduct al
ways acts as a powerful incentive with most children." Considered simply as
such, regardless of their intrinsic value, they may easily be replaced by in
centives of a higher kind. The great danger of prizes is found in the fact
that unless great care is taken the chlld*"will be led to act merely for the
love of the prize. In this, as in- everything else, the child is. a creature of
the present, and if powerfully influenced by the expectation of some little re
ward soon, rather than by the hope of some great reward in the distant fu
ture.
Quite early the young child learns, unconsciously, fro'm the tone of the
mother's voice, and from her smile or frown, that certain acts are an
proved, while others are not. This incentive to proper conduct increases
with the age of the child. So powerful does it become,- if. carefully used,
that scarcely any other incentive of punishment will be needed. Would
that parents would grasp the truth of this statement 1 How dearly do the
little ones prize the parents' approval ! They are not only made happy by
the praise received, but also because of the added pleasure which comes
from the consciousness of having given their parents pleasure.
' The commendation of a stranger is very pleasant to a child; that of a
friend or companion- still sweeter; but the smile of approval, the sympathetic
"Well done," "You are a dear boy," "That is a good girl," or similar ex
pressions of a loved parent, is the sweetest fruit of a child's earnest efforts.
Parents, is it not true that few of us have made use of this incentive as often
as we should? It is not yet too late to prove the power of this method.
From this desire for the approval of the parent there will gradually arise
a desire for the approbation of one's own conscience j then ' of all whose
opinion is valued, and finally that of the Supreme Being.
Confidence of Parents.
If the child can be made to feel that the frequent approval of the lov
ing parent has resulted in securing the confidence of the parent, he will
prize nothing better than the retention of that confidence. No pain will
sink deeper into his soul than the temporary loss of this parental confi
dence.
Influenced by other incentives and various considerations, the child will
gradually form habits of action. These habits of action will tend to repeat
themselves. For this reason they will result in a strong though unconscious
incentive to right conduct.
Slowly there develops the idea that certain things should be done because
they are right, and others avoided for the reason that they are wrong. While
this idea is very weak at first, yet generally by the time the child enters
school it has become apparent. While at this time the child's principal law
of conduct must still be the will of the parent or other one in authority, it
should not be forgotten that embryonic conscience is striving feebly to see
the light of duty. * v .= ;
The pleading of an enlightened conscience is the highest incentive to
which any one can respond. This requires not merely that 4he child see
what is right, but also demands a determination to do right because it is
right. This means the culture of the will, that most important of all ob
jects of culture.
AN EASTERN DIVINE'S STARTLING PLAN WHICH HAS RAISED A STORM
SffOl/0
Maw
i NlrHrnilllliinTTillillJTt"-' ' ' •' ¦¦w&&&2&£iggSffi
(Hev. Charles VT. Spicer, rector of St. * John's Splacopal Million la Cln
clnatl, Ohio, h&m created a veritable ¦torm of Olsonuicn and criticism hy his
bold advocacy of church, ownership of saloons. So much, indeed, has been
¦aid that the reverend rentteman was constrained to' write the following? over
his own signature to define exactly what his radical remedy does mean.) '
f x— ---^a 1 MONG the various problems with which the church of to-
Lil^S^&^f ay as to ** ca * t * lcrc ' s none which concerns her more
•K^/fa^A • vitally than that of the saloon. She has come to regard
*^^^^a> e £a ' oon an( * ' ts accessories as her most formidable an-
tagonist. She sees in it a menace to the moral and spir-
T^Ltv^«uv * tua l welfare of the rising generation. Being chiefly con-
Jg&BMzmEJBz, cerned herself with this phase of man's life, she, therefore,
views with jealousy and fear the growing influence of this
foe, while, on the other hand, she beholds with sorrow and sadness the ap
parent loss of her own influence.
A visit to most of our city churches on Sunday will reveal a congrega
tion composed chiefly of women, with a few gray-haired men, while the
young men are notably absent. At the same time drinking resorts, clubs, bil
liard halls and kindred institutions will be doing a flourishing business,. In
the rural districts, where churches are about the only attraction, the situation
is different
The reason for this is not because men no longer recognize the worth
of the church, nor because the church has lost its power or has served its
purpose and is now in decay. The church/ '« «fH1 what it has ever been, the
world's supreme instrument of good. If «h the same life and power
as of old, and its mission is still unfulfilled,
No, the reason for the church's failure to attract men is not because of
any innate or essential weakness, but because she has failed to employ
adequate means. She has relied too much £n her essential power and has
not sufficiently utilized human agency. She has gone on pursuing anti
quated and obsolete methods, while the saloon and allied powers have called
to their aid every means at their command. The result is that .opposing
forces have augmented their attractive influence to such a degree that
young men have been drawn away from the church and no longer como
into contact with her essential power.
- The modern saloon is a palace of superficial splendor, employing all the
most alluring arts in the interest of its cause. Within are to be found recrea
tion, divergence, excitement, amusement, refreshments, freedom, welcome, so
cial good fellowship and all those things which enable man to forget the more
serious affairs of. life and to indulge in a restful sort of pleasure that is sooth
ing, refreshing and invigorating after the intense strain of business. Un
fortunately, in addition to these healthful, and not undesirable, attractions,
when indulged in temperately, there are other influences of an immoral and
degrading character. Here, it seems to me, lies the chief danger of the sa
loon. Eliminate the filth and immorality and substitute moral purity, and
much of the danger will be averted. , .
The time has come when we must lay aside sickly sentiment and Irra
tional theories and take a practical view of the question. The saloon is here,
a fixed institution, in jour political and social life, to which it clings like a
leech. It supplies certain elements which seep to be necessary in man's
life. There is a kind of "nervosity" characteristic of our age which make*
a certain measure of excitement and diversion necessary in human life.
In primitive times, when life was crude and physical force prevailed,
men were content to sit down and rest after physical exhaustion. To-day
brain force is the chief factor in human activity, and when the brain is
weary the active mind seeks rest in change of employment. The saloon of
fers the means of the mental rest which man seeks. And when I speak of
the saloon I speak of it in the broad, general serfse, as the center of various
allied institutions, such as clubrooms. billiard halls, etc, which are included
within its scope.
,. Now, what is the remedy? The evil influence of the saloon, its antagon
gjsm, spiritually, to the church, are facts generally conceded, but how to cure
"the evil is the question.;
We have tried prohibition, but prohibition does not prohibit.
Substitution is now being tried." While this is a step in the right direc
tion, it is not adequate to meett the needs of the case.
There still remains a remedy \ikich as yet has not been employed in any
very general sense, and that is" church control. . Let the church take charge
of the saloon, purify and refine it, eliminating everything of an immoral na
ture and utilize it for its own profit It has already done this with respect to
billiards and pool and certain games formerly monopolized by the saloon,
and it has "been found beneficial. .
Why may the church not be benefited by control of the saloon? Thus
she might establish a business department which in time would meet all "her
running expenses. The time has come when she can no longer pose as a
merely spiritual institution, but must reach out and lay her hands, so to
speak, on all forms of human activity, business, social and spiritual.
She must disarm her enemv. capture his guns, strip them of the insignia
of crime, stamp them with a holier badge and employ them in her own de
fense.
It is less difficult to make men see the folly of intemperance than to per
suade them to the necessity of total abstinence. Surrounded by right in
fluence, they will learn to use these things as they are intended, for the ad
vancement of their higher welfare. Besides, they will be in_ touch with the
church and her spirit, and will gradually become molded in her wavs of
thought and life. , C W. SPICER.fv—^_^ V—4OP. gentlemen, have
s3SGS^E& 3 of ten watcbed the roy* 1
' Su : 1$&yS2Al • >r ° ercss oi Jame 8 down
'%&!rvktf<*li I avenue, as he sat,
<Y !~ \% \ ] ? P !ck a "d epan, with
N^!^\ Hi ToTTm f quare<5 arins and ram
1 V^^.ti^gLi^y- H ro J poae, bea£4e the
fflgy-^ 1 IJ *aarJ( liveried driver, atop of
a gcrgeous wagon, purple, with silver
trimmings, behind a smart, gloasily har
ressed white team. You, fair ladles, have
watched flutterlngly from your windows
the Imposing approach of James, his dig
nified descent, bis soldierly dealings with
the maid, and have thrilled with th* cor
rectness, the discipline, th* chast*n*d
glory of it all, as you tore off the tissue
paper and exclaimed, sniffing; **Oh, aren't
they dear!"
qualities are the very foundations
of James* House— not shop. To James
they came as painfully reared pinnacles.
"When he first reported for duty, a baggy
kneed Borlce with cheerful grin, nicotlnod
fingers and defiant tufts of tow hair, he
gave his name as Jamesey.
"James," corrected the manager coldly.
I*e Enfolded the traditions of
the home— uniform, shoes and hair Irre
proachably brushed, linen Immaculate,
eplne stiff, arms squared, eyes front, and
unfailing respect to patrons, not custom
ers.
James hearkened, . abashed. He tried,
too, but laundering: counts up, especially
when your little brothers and sisters can
not be reckoned on both hands, and your
weekly salary can be reckoned easily on
one. Also, Jamea had not been born with
a perked nose and wlnkable eye for noth
ing. He persisted in mouthy stares, . en
tertained patrons with appalling levity
and snickered on the faintest provocation.
On th* rout* he scandalized th* driver
by alighting' with Cakewalk steps and
whistling sentimental ballads through his
teeth. Reformation was as tedious ft
process as would have been the extraction
of his wink or the depression of the perk
In his nose.
Th* manager believed that James meant
welL Yet It was distinctly humiliating
one day when . a pop-eyed, : pig-tailed
young person entered, staring owedly
about th* great, green, electric lit bower,
and faltered that whtn Jameeey Quinn
vent out for dinner, now, would be; ask
him to step around to Hetnrich's— glove
counter— to see some one? Just some one.
The manager raised James' conscien
tiously plastered hair. Some one never
called again, but Joseph and William jeal
ously observed that James* dinner hour
was mor* often a dinner-hour-and-a^-quar
ter. They gloated , privily upon the end
of evil ways, perceiving a Damoclean
blade suspended over James* plastered
hair.
One Monday morning James, Instead of
recounting the delights of Coney and,bal
ladizing through his teeth, ascended the
wagon with a heavy sigh. All day he sat
dumb, his sprightllness wilted,* his as
surance crushed, his stolid face, squared
arms and stiff spin* but empty mum
meries. - '
Hickey, at the reins, observed that the
boss must have been oombing James*
hair, but urged him . not to take',; It too
hard, as he did need toning flown, 1 as you
might' say. James only, sighed, staring
distantly, as though discerning, far off,
unhappy things. . . • ' .
For a week consolations were vain, then
he began to mend.} His dress and deport
ment .were beyond suspicion; | he was | so- .
borly cheerful, but his wink had fled and
even the perk In- his nose neemed sub- .
dued. His sole lapse was on the morn*
ing of Helnrich Bros/ fire, when be ran
, out to watch th* eznbtuanoes pass CBf
forgot - to return ; for an - hour. Hlefcef
Judged that th* boss must hav* oomb*4
James* hair afresh, for h* mad* th* after
noon trip very wan and uerreless, and for
the rest of the week his was th* face of
1 one : who; realizes j that '¦ he has i done, left
.undone,'^nd\ there; is; no -health -In him.
One morning ; the ! j wagon * started t half
an hour earlier < than usual. 4 James • was
obliged to spend most of his dinner hour
at work < in « the '•¦ packing room, and that
: afternoon : he was given . a new. route on
an unusually; full wagon. There was also
unusual indecorum on the part of young
ladies;, many rushed downstairs '-. before
the maid had fairly opened the door and
some opened the door themselves. Jamea
feet Pfflow propped sat a pop-« 7 ,rf, b|«,
tailed little gtrL She was grinning "io
¦; questioned bis driver , listlessly.
'Kelly, a bachelor, had not delivered
flowers | for ' twenty > years without becom
ing a trifle cynical.
"Oh,% he , sniffed, r "lf* what-you-oall-it
day— Valentine's, 'an* every - feller; who's
scrapped with his girt •' gets ' a . chance to
try a feeler. . You see, he don't have to
put his pasteboard In the box. She knows
where It comes from, all right; aa' If ' it
- In Oi* : mirror for reassurance. Besides,
' he knew ' that It . was visitlnsr day at St.
Catherine's, and her night .' at \ the * opera,
and certainly - h* knew, or should know,
that \ to-day was— To-day ! She capitalized
.the • word in ; an > Indignant " burst, then
glanced out for the tenth time that half
hour— to behold . the familiar purple and
silver wagon.
She sent the maid to tho door. Pres-
w»e gums, one arm was bandaged- th*
bSr/h^vl^eS hCr * Sht^ * **.
"An*, say," she was confldln* h***^—.-
Outside Miss Dalntoa m«t the pnrnl*
W - a -Th« JV 1 ?" *">««** groiaSg!
The matter Is settled." sh« lnterrnntl
ed^omiy. "i h ave no complain?^
By Melville Chater.
CUPID, THE. FLOWER BOY
The woman who has lived in single blest*
edness and single crankiness has uncon
sciously fostered a lot of eccentricities
that have embittered her and given the
cynical tinge to her Judgments of others.
No woman is ever so lovable as when
surrounded in all the glory of wlf ahood,
with its crowning consecration of mother
hood. 'It is then that she Is as near akin
to the angels as mortals ever dare hope
to be*
In the happy home that is Earth's re
flection of Heaven.
A woman may be successful on the
stage, she may become a power in the
literary world, she may be th« exponent
of theories, and a demonstrator of the
most abstruse problems of science, , She
may plead most successfully at the bar,
and thrill her audiences with the magia
of eloquence as she expounds truths that
fairly electrify her and make her a tri
umph on the rostrum: sh* may. be most
successful In the management of business
concerns. In fact, woman has wonder
fully and wondrously proven herself to
be man's eaual in the busy sace of life's
busier world, but, after all, her real glory
lies not in the race wherein she figures
as man's equal, often ms superior, but
she is at her 'best as Nature's ravishing
understudy— the ' j wondrous mystery of
motherhood.
The woman who poses as "So good,"
and yet who Is often more malicious than
good, knows that her word will not be
questioned, henc© her criticisms are mor*
cruel.
Injustice that oft assails one who hardly
understands it.
The narrow-minded woman can Bay
more mean things and create a more ad
verse impression while posing as a saint
than the unfortunate victim of her malice
can outlive In a lifetime, and this Is the
She Is good herself without being
straight-laced, but her heart 's full of
that charity to which the woman who
poses as being "Oh, so good," Is an ab
solute stranger.
She makes herself agreeable and her
home happy, and therein lies her charm.
She sees no harm In entertaining a man
friend, tete-a-tete, consequently would not
think of remarking an acquaintance who
Indulged the same Informal pleasure.
She Is not handicapped bv convention
alities, nor is she hunting for the bad in
others, wherein to criticise, or, worse
still, to gossip about, preferring to see
only the good that appeals to her.
She may be the subject of remark or
even of gossip herself, though seldom In
dulging In the lack of consideration it
Implies, for, above all, your true woman
of the world Is gracious, tactful and char
itable In her judgments, merciful In her
condemnations, and, being neither a prude
nor a blue-stocking, accomplishes a world
of good by a timely defense of on© whom
the world may judge harshly or even un
justly.
woman, unlef»«, o5 course, she be of such
a type as It were almost profanity to call
by the sacred name of woman. One who
has fallen so low, of course, does not
figure among the women whom we' ana
lyze, but even such a one whose record
Is far from being saintly is often a better
companion for a man than other men
may be, because in the majority of in
stances although she knows herself to be
beyond the ken of good woman, yet a cer
tain amount of pride and self-respect Im
pels her to crave the esteem and good
opinion of the one man whose friendship
she prizes above all others.
The woman of the world knows the
vices of men and the frailties of women.
She calculates each to a nicety, while
shutting her, eyes to both.
By a cot stood the gray* uniform, head*
huojT. fuxahUmc j! i can and. ¦*»'«»flfl>»«a' tis
As she turned th* corner a gray fig
ure, swinging a box, descended tornr
step* and wheeled northward. Sh* recog
nized cap and uniform. The young g*h~
tleman who forgot th* violets, aad oa*
such a day! He hurried oa ahead, whit
tling blithely about "Ju3t On© CQrL" SB*
strode after, an approaching Nemesis.
welding him more closely at each step
to th* lost legion of cigarette smoking^,
novel reading messenger boys.
Eh* was Just despairing of* his captnr*
when, with a backward glance, lja r* ****'!
in at St. Catherine's.
She had explored several Wards and
was pausing Irresolutely near th* screen
ed corner of another when a pasteboard
cover on the floor met her eye. Sh**
stooped, then straightening' with an angry
flush marched menacingly up to th*
screen and— drew back.
ently, bearing th* drr«sr*s vote* m pro
longed explanation. sb* descended th*."
staircase with dignity,
He advanced, apologizing- that her vio
lets should have been fOTgotten. The boy
must have overlooked them when \p****s
the wagon.
Bhe crushed bis assurances of a sprisl
messenger with a haughty "X snail »•*
It {s reported." and swept past Into th*
street. \ • "
The third blunder that month. . Sodr
carelessness I And of all days, on that
day! Utterly Inexcusable! And attar sh*>
had waited half an hour And put oa that
particular gown I She would se» th« boy
was well reprimanded. And she bit bar
Up. horribly positive that, dressed as ah*
was. In that particular sown, sh# wouXX
appear to any encountered girl friend ob
viously vloletlesa. * y
After a prolonged rummage behind the
wagon James started off, while Kelly
¦wheeled westward, hoping that Dalnton's
man would ultimately shake her, as she
ought to have taken him on long ago.
She, standing cloaked and gloved at an
tipper window, was debating ths reverse,
,There was no earthly reason why ho
should send them at all. If he didn't want
to, but if he did—. 8h« flnger-nalled a
whole row on the calendar, then glanced
"Oh, Dainton. She's good for near every
day. First time this week, though. Her*
we are."
To cheer him Kelly got out his tally
sheet and explained the ralson d'etre of
every bunch. This one was a regular
weekly, and represented an engagement;
that wu a three times weekly, and repre
sented, he guessed, a would-bo engage
ment Here was a monthly, and a newly
married couple, Jto whose wedding Kelly
had carried th J decoration*. All those
there used to be weeklies, and represented
the making up of scraps as sure as James
was a foot high.
A bit further on, he concluded, James
was to get out and deliver Halght's roses,
while he, Kelly, would make two stops
down a side street and overtake him.
Haight was No. £12, right near St. Cath
erine's.
James glanced up. "St. Catherine's," hs
repeated.
"Hospital." explained Kelly. "North
end of the block."
For a long while James sat stiff and al
ien t Suddenly he asked t
"Which gets the most?"
»
don't coma, she knows It's all off. Say,
a wagonful o' vylets, which stands fer
love, an' nine-tenths of 'em standln' fer
red hot scraps! Funny, ain't It?"
James said It was, and sighed.
, £"T"^ IiERE la always a charm about the
I woman of the world, of which her
r 1 less worldly sisters know nothing.
1 The Ciiarin cf manner, the charm
• of presence, the indefinable charm
that comet- of contact with the world and
, a {f ull knowledge of it. the charm that
comes of experience, culture and associa
£tion svith the wor!d.
The Wviran who sacs but little beyond
th.6 precincts of her own home becomes
•too bigoted, too narrow in her views of
life, too censorious of its pleasures, too
. critical cf its follies.
•J She sees l'fe through the wrong: end of
the telescope, where everything looks
BiTi.ift.and «<ut of proportion. She has lit
tle charit"' for human frailties and leaa
for real weaknesses. She is always ready
t(tr shocks aid receives a voltage en all
*, occasions.
On the other hand the woman of the
world views life through a larger per
r epccUre.
c UaVir.g se?n so much and h»ard very
r»u^h n.-ore, she is not easily shocked, but
r takes a broader 'and more charitable view
of li'e.
» Where the narrow-minded woman would
1 ;vant to read a lecture the worldly woman
# « wtiildl offf-r sympathy. Where tho bigot
would blame the worldly woman would
condone.
• The ore knows nothing of temptation,
the ether appreciates its insidious Influ
ence »nd judges- with the broad catholl
* dsm that experience makes generous.
Yoft will- never hear the woman of the
»^ world criticize with the cruelty that char
acterizes her less knowing sisters. She
i'-tozi learns that It Is bad form, and
worse" tJsste to express an opinion that
may wound or may cause another to be
criticized in an unkindly manner.
She knows -the temptations that on
•very side encompass the woman of fash
v»Jon "and she learns to think that those
* ¦who escape are wonders, while those who
succumb are more weak than wicked.
Si Ehe kfcows cf many things that her own
*cature does Cpt approve, but for which
J, bet- heart pleads and her judgment stands
mute."
„ She lanows the influence of environment
and -calculates" to a nicety its fascinations.
0 ; For this reason she shuts her eyes that
• ith°e may net see, and her ears that she
xns,v not. hear, while her heart Is kept
wanii and rympathetic
» The tvoman cf the world Is appreciative
*osj worldly advantages. She knows the
value ef .appearances and her home is her
HtUe Jungdom.
A woman is always at ner best In her
e©wn home.. It is there that she Is really
# a- queen, ar.d whether it be the plain, or
£i*j*ry happenings of everj'day life or as
the hostess rof a brilliant function, she
? Is there, always the sovereign by right
« divine. '
The "woman of the rostrum may be brll
. Uant. wiih an eloquence that electrifies
* and silhouettes her out among her kind,
j but In .the home sucb a woman is apt to
be arrogant and stlf-assertive.
Ttie professional woman may be mag
netic through her marvelous gifts
r fascinate her audience until they are lost
( >ln wander. ari"<J admiration of her powers,
••*but she tones for the adulation of the
»!ootlijrhts that becomes a second nature
to her.
The .woman of more studious turn, who
* "adopts a more serious profession and
•stands^ at The." bar or presides over the
operating table may have the brains of a
man combined -with the magic of his skill,
she becomes so absorbed in her pro-
Trufctnffl ability that her nature partakes
mere of -a' roan's.
,.The }>iis:ness woman may discover a
• tajrr.t for shrp-wdneps and business acu
»men that astor.is^irs.her confreres.
Vrt. after all la paid, the real charm of
womanhood is more cr less blunted by
business." err professional contact and
lofes BotnelhiTie of its womanly grace
,Vh*n occiDar'-d with ¦ the woman whose
* .reign has never extended beyond the
• charxaed circle of heme and social en
?Tiannnient. *
But-a "wompn ,f»erirs to be a born fili
buster, never b»!ng satisfied unless invad
ing *«he tnrxny** (man's) territory.
She wiints to figure !n all sphere? where
»nen so Ions Jbeld sway and her ambition
V 1^. limitlef^s. being bounded only by her
powers of •will and endurance, and though
¦bgto&e as it may seem you will find the
loveliest women presiding over the most
elegantly .appointed hoir.es. enjoying the
bury ywker who struggled so hard to
I xsake a" came or to succeed in wringing
from life that modicum of success that
means but meacer compensation, enabling
to live rrfthin decent respectability
and the" scope cf barest comfort.
If women only realized how much more
charming th»y are and appear when pre
siding over the home there would be less
of this intoxication of nrablt'on and awful
thirst for notoriety that despite argu
ments to the contrary lowers the real
standard cf womanhood.
•JCo stage setting is ever so beautiful as
the home atmosphere surrounding a gra
cious wonan. Xo applause is ever so fas-'
cinatlng as the mus'c or home voice* or
the laugh of a woman unspoiled by public
Cattery.
A woman should cultivate all the gifts
¦with which nature has endowed her", and
the more she mingles In the social world
the greater her need for this cultivation.
Bavoir falre is the first principle of
chsrm. The graciousn^ss that knows no
diFcrhn!nation_ but treats all alike.
Women sometimes find this bard to ac
. cuire, but to the real woman of the world
It comes as a matter of course, as an en
dowment of her womanhood of which she
Is hardly conscious.
Such a one is the best companion for a
man. A true woman is a shield and guide,
and if sh» makes herself companionable a
man prefers her society to that of other
bkd, and she keeps him from tempta
tion. A man is not so prone to give full
rein to his vices when associated with a
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
THE WOMAN OF THE WORLDMy white-robed baby pleaded still—
"Pease, mama, pease, I tant sleep now."
I led her to her snowy cot. •
"Pease, mama, pease," she sobbed again,
"I won't be naughty any more."
,1 left her, all her pleadings vain.
I had been reared in Spartan. school.
And deemed it duty to control
With rigid rule, nor never knew .
That love with love should sway * he soul.
'Twas midnight when I felt a touch-^-'
A fever'd hand lay on my brow.
"Pease, mama, pease, tiss me dood night,"
My blue-eyed babe with sunny curls
Stood pleading 'tween her sobs and tears-r-
I said, "I can't kiss naughty girls."
"KISS ME GOOD NIGHT."
r-35^ T EVER do business with a woman that I don't think of a little incident which happened when I
J||S 1 »vas first married to your ma. We set up housekeeping in one of those cottages that you read
• wp^SraiJ^^ 0^^ ! a^ out ' n l^ e story books, but that you want to shy away from when it's put up to you to live in one
a\YF~Z~*$$$i I °* tllem - * l was i us ' the place to go for a picnic, but it's been my experience that a fellow does
ls\ .aJy^'/^iv^ I ' n ost of his picnicking before he's married. .
\0r2m ff^T- I Your ma did the. cooking and I hustled for things to cook, though I would take a shv at it
!^vJ*n5>Jsj «H ! m y se M once in a while and get up my muscle tossing flapjacks. It 'was pretty rough sailing, you
bet, but one way and another we managed to get a good deal of satisfaction out of it.- because we
had made up our minds to take our fun as we went along. With most people happiness is something that is always
just a day off. But I have made it a rule never to put off being happv till to-morrow. !
I was clerking in a general store at that time, but I had a -little weikness for livestock, even then: and while -I
couldn't afford to piunge in it exactly. I managed to buy a likelv little shoat that I reckoned on carrvinp through
the sqrnmer on credit and Dresentinc with a bill for board in the fall. He was just a pbin pig when he came to us. and
we kept him in a little sty. but we weren't long in finding out that he wasn't any ordinary root-and-grunt pig. The
first I knew your ma was calling him Toby, and had turned him loose. Answered to his name like a dog. Never
saw such a sociable pig. Wanted to sit on the porch with us. Tried to come into the house evenings. Used to run
down the road squealing for ioy when he saw me coming home from work.
Well, it got on toward November and Toby had been making the most of his opportunities. I never saw a pig
that turned corn into fat so fast, and the stouter he got the better his disposition grew. I reckon I was attached to
him myself, in a sort of a sneaking way. but I was mighty fond of hog meat, too, and we needed Tobv in the kitchen.
So I sent around and had him butchered.
When I got home to dinner next day I noticed that your ma looked mighty solemn as she set the roast of pork
down in front of me, but I strayed oft. thinking of something else, as I carved, j and mv wits were off wool gathering
sure cnoucrH when I snici * '
• "Will you have a piece of Tobv. my dear?"
Well, sir, she just looked at me for a moment, and then she burst out crying and ran away from the table.
But when I went after her and asked her what was the matter she stooped crying and was mad in a minute all the
way through. Called "me a heartless, cruel cannibal. That seemed to relieve her so that she got over her mad and
began to cry again. Begged me to take Toby out of pickle and to burv him in the garden. I reasoned with her. and
in the end I made her see that any obsequies for Toby, with pork at 8 cents a pound, would be. a pretty expensive
funeral for us. But first and last she had managed to take my appetite away so that I didn't want any roast pork
for dinner or cold pork for supper.
That night I took what was left of Toby to a store-keeper at the Crossing, who I knew would be able to gaze
on his hams without bursting into tears, and got a pretty fair price for him.
I simply mention Toby in passing as an example of why I believe women weren't cut out for business — at least
for the pork-packing business. I've had dealings with a good many of them, first and last, and it's been mv expe
rience that when they've got a weak case they add their sex to it and win. and that when they've got a strong case thev
subtract their sex from it and deal with you harder than a man.. They're simply bound to win either way. and I don't
like to play a game where I haven't any show. When a clerk makes a fool break, I don't want to beg his pardon
for calling his attention to it. and I don't want him to blush and tremble and leak a little brine into a fancy pocket
handkerchief. -
A little change is a mighty soothing thing, and I' like a woman's wav» too- much' at home to care very much
for them at the office. Instead of hiringwomen I try to hire their husbands and , then I usually have them both
working! for me. There's nothing like a woman at home to spur on a man at the office. .
PVom "Letters from a Belf-m*d« Merchant to His Son." by, G«orce Horace Lortmar. By pcrmUilon of Small, Mayaard * Co.,
PubUsherm. Boston, Mm . .. :..4- • . . . . -
By Old JoHia "Gorgon" Graham.
TOBY
, "They had the fifth load about half off when Bill says he heard a kind
of a sickish gurglin' noise up in the hay mow. When he'd climb up he found
Percival nearly buried out of sight, with his eyes all glassy, up and gaspin'
for breath. After the doctor'd got him brought around again so he could
stand up and dress himself the boy said he thought he'd go back home and
run- the risk about his constitution. But before he went he kind of sidled up
to Bill and, lookin' at him as respectful as though he'd of been almost a
kirg, said if Eill wouldn't care he'd iust like to shake him by the hand once
before goin' back. There's a boy that ain't lookin' down on the farmer these
cays and goin' around with the opinion that people who can't make a Hvin'
at anything else can always have fermin 1 to fall back on if it comes to a
pinch."
So I wouldn't be surprised if some of them Harvard boys might go back
to their studies almost thinkin' there's some things about farmers that ain't
hardly a lauzhin* matter.
/ Yours for the spreading of knowledge, JEFFERSON DOBBS.
."Bill worked on the wagon when the hay was being loaded and then
pitched it up to Percival in the mow when they'd hauled it in the barn. I
guess it must of been rather close and hot up there, as it generally is, and
Bill probably put the hay up purty fast. Anyway, it seems that Percival's
tc^j;ue commence^ to hang out some after they'd put in the second load, and
he wanted to know if there was any ice water on the place. After the fourth
losrl the boy seemed a little flighty. He said some strange things about
.holin' out when he would go to the cracks in the side of the barn and try
to catch a breath or two of fresh air and Bill says he was a horrible lookin'
tight, with busted blisters on his hands, his wet hair hangin' over his
face, his ears full of hay seeds and a look in his eyes showin' as plain as if
he had spoke the words right out that he hadn't the least hope of ever
£>ee:n\ home and mother again. . .
"It puts me in mind of Bill Hopkins, who owns a farm down in Adams
Cocsty, where I came from. I was back there secin' some of the
folks awhile ago and Bill told me about his wife's nephew comin' down
•from the city to git a little experience of regular farm life. Bill showed me
the letter the young man wrote. As near as I can remember it he said:
""Dear Uncle William, pa says he doesn't want to put me at work in
the bank till I've had a season's work on a farm to give me the right kind
of a constitution. The governor's a little cranky on the subject, and I sup
pose I will have to do as he wishes. He worked on a farm when he was a
boy. and thinks that's what makes him so robust now. But that's all bosh.
If he'dfcone through the course of college training that I have his constitu
tion would be three times as good as it is. This farm idea of his is the worst
"kind of rot. I can play thirtv-six holes of golf in the hottest kind of a sun
and be ni> and around the next dav as usual, but eighteen holes are as many
as he can stand. That shows what your farming amounts to. But as I sav.
I will have to humor him. so if vou don't mind I'll come down for awhile
and ta+:e the hired man's place, just for the fun of the thing.'
"Well, I s'pose Bill mebbv made it a little hard for the boy iust to take
some of the conceit out of him. but anyway when Mr. Percival got down
there it was right in the middle of the hayin' season.
. ".-Take of? your cuffs and collar,' says Bill, 'and we'll clean up the back
rrrcedow to-day if it don't rain. I'm mighty glad you came. That hired
man I had was no good on earth. He pretended it made him tired just to
milk sixteen cows before breakfast, and he was all tuckered out after he'd
pitched fifteen or sixteen ton of hav- I'll be glad to have somebody to help
that can do 2. regular day's work without lookin' as though he was goin' to
<iie.on \ - our hands.'
. "Jeff," says he. "I honor them boys for the noble stand th'ev made while
they lasted, and I'm one of them that thinks they ought to have about as
much credit for good, honest b'ravery as any of the college boys that went up
San Jtian hill that time when thev were s'posed to be hangin' back fer fur
ther orders. I think it's goin* to be a good thing fer this country, too. What
we need is to have the educated classes and the farmers brought in closer
touch with each other. There ain't been what you might call much touch
between 'em so fur, except when the farmer happened to mingle in a crowd
cf educated, refined folks and didn't keep his hand on his pocketbook. or
ir.ebby. when the farmer raked and scraped to send his boy away to get a
college education and got touched for more money every time the young
can felt like writin' to the folks at home.
"But the bonds between the farmers and some of the college graduates
are goin' to be strengthened after this. They ain't no better way to get
a. man's respect than by beatin' him at something he thinks he can do.
Every one of them Harvard boys that went to Kansas will kind of look uo
to the farmers after this and not think it's a disgrace to be distantly related
to a few of them. V- .
from Massachusetts to Kansas to hclo save the wheat is the
grandest act I ever seen. The charge of the Light Brigade ain't nowhere, al
though I will say that there's something about Sherman's ride that kind of
p^kes me think of the bovs rushin' out to the rescue. Some good willin'
poet ought to take this thing uo and do justice to it, not that I claim there's
rpifch poetry about farm work as a regular thing, but it's the nobleness of
the deed that I look at.
• - I was talkin' to Judge Miller about it night before last when him and me
met down to the postofr.ee.
*==£— =5=5! ULBERRY CENTER. Sept. 2.— If I was a poet, which I
s^T^S* C$L"Jtfd or 't pretend to be specially, except along certain lines. I'd
.•/ /.tV*" 1 / -*3 Y(jT write an ode or something about them college boys that
" -i ~7 ji&'j *K $i wer ' 1 out to K ansas to help harvest the crops. Lots of
*- >J^ W Iil^v poets have wrote about noble deeds on the battle fields and
¦jgg&T-r^llr I' ve rca -d some purty thri'.lin' songs about brave young men
' • .. ' • marchin* away to war, but a college boy goin' all the way
w=g~^g~~| N uncertain rich man had two sons; that was what made Via
j^f&Jrjj&xZW uncertain. If they had been girls he might have married
i'^KwyircM** thcm °^ to black-whiskered, tailor-made titles and so have \
j&l mmti^ removc d the uncertainty. Men whose daughters nuxry .
f JJ^^MsIKa whiskers and a title know what's coming to them. If th«y
!*j^^**^7p» ha.<i been bull pups he could have gona into politics and •
bought a moated grange for them by a judicious manipula?- '
tion of the mote that is in the public eye. If they. had
been porous plasters he could have found a place for them in the civil ser- •'•
vice, where their sole labor would have been to stick fast and draw— once a
month. There are a number of useful things that those boys might have
been, but being only boys it was up to the old man to fill his hand befors .
When the younger son had arrived at the years generally called discre
tion — he had the years all right, but the discretion had been mislaid in doina
up the package and was not found until the boy had outgrown it — he mada
the old man a proposition. "Father, dear father," he said. "I have long ob
served that you are cumbered with many cares and coupons and my boyish
heart is touched and repentant of its thoughtlessness. To see your • onco
golden hair slowly turning to silver brings the Bryany tears to my eyes and
the sight of your back bending under the weight of an increasing wad of
long green fills me with a great longing to lift some of the grievous burden
from your weary shoulders. So I beg yon to onload upon me a few sacks of
your trouble that I may hie me into a fax country, a* far as Cambridge,
Mass. There will I dally a short while with the classic muses, or the musss)
classes, or anything else that seems to be a fit subject for dallying.'*
Then the proud father, with the joy and alacrity of one ascending the
dentist's chair, pried himself loose from a large bunch of trouble and the
younger son got himself away to the land of baked beans and culchaw a la
mode. The elder son rejoiced at his departure with a large thrae-ply rejoio
ing. for he hated the town of Cambridge and he knew his brother. Besides
it stirred his filial soul to a generous rivalry in the noble task of relieving
the old man of his troubles. Happv father to have two such unselfish sons
to do for him. In the pride of his heart he oft repeated to himself that
touching motto of the uncertain rich: "To do others that your sons may dm
you." v'
The years sped swiftly as on the wings of an overdue promissory not*,
and the frequent and insistent sight draft brought to the fond and foolish
parent tidings of his younger son's doings— and duns— In the land of the
stranger — than fiction. Ever and anon some wanderer newly released from
serving his term in Cambridge would tell him of the young man's achieve
ments in the great university in which the town is located. Once it was ol
his leading his class in geometry, especially in the study of cubes— with spots
on them. Then again the gl"d tidings came of his prominence la the artis
tic circles of the university: he had drawn for a full house and got fc. la
athletics, too, his name was known and honored; he had been asked to play
center field on the baseball team because he never failed to take a high-ball
when any one else suggested it.
At last the young man concluded that he had brought the university td
a place where he could safely leave it — a decision in which the unlverslt*
cheerfully concurred — and he came again to his father's door. The old man
saw him — he thought that he might as well see him since he had raised him
once — and went out and fell on his neck and wept, for the dutiful son threw
his poor old father down so hard that it broke a $io bill in the old man's
pocket. The boy picked up the change before the old man had had time
to decide whether he was trying to get off a Broadway car or was officiating
at a church euchre. The youngster hadn't played center on the football
team for nothing and the old man was lucky to get a quarter back. There's
nothing like a big neck and a pair of shoulders to match it fox making people
glad to see you.
That night there was feasting and great joy in that home. The old man
ordered up the best imported headache — made in New Jersey and bottled in
Fulton street — and half a dozen stockholders a la Newburg. When the elder
son drew near and heard the sounds of merriment within he wondered much
and was exceeding wroth, so that he said: "Father, have I not also eased
you of many of your burdens and you never yet gave me even a fatted di
rector. I have stood by you — while you were making your will — I have
made your name a household word — in police stations — throughout the
length and breadth of the city, and you have given me nothing — that I have
not been willing to take." ; *•-- !
Then the father made answer something as follows: "Behold, this is my
son who was in Cambridge and is in New York again. He has been through
deep waters and you know how he always hated water. He has eaten husks
— at the Parker, House: I know, for I paid for the husks. Come, feel of
ydur brother's biceps and then let him severely alone."
The envious elder brother was still waxing somewhat wroth, although
the sight of, the rear elevation of his brother's biceps had reduced his vial
ibis supply of wax perceptibly, so that the old man spoke with him more to
the point. "My son, see you not where we come in? This thy brother 13
just the build for the United States Senate. His right arm lead to the }aw
will make him a mighty power in debate and do much to redress the balance
of the North against the South. Besides, it's a good thing to have a Senator
or two in the family. You can never tell when you may need one."
The old man's argument was as unanswerable as a civil service exami
nation and he sent an order to the State Legislature for one United States
Senator, prepaid, that very night. Those who have been admitted to the
secret of making United States Senators are urged to forget it and to re
member, that all things come to him who waits— especially to the heavy
weights—and also that the problem of the overproduction of colleg- grad
uates has been solved at last.
(Copyright, xoo.1. by Albert Britt).
Fable for the FoolisH.
THE PROFITABLE SON
By 5. E. KISER.
ORACLE'S SLY TIPS.
t&e girls, become engaged a doren times or more, or do some equally rock
iest sttmt to ruin their reputations. Hobson kissed some girls who were,
lost aching to kiss h»r«v Dewey got gay and got married. Miles didn't:
idftt anybody but his wife as far as we know, and Schley, dear old Schley— »
bnt nerer mind, we never tell what we know about naval officers. The
Question is Does it pay to be a hero? Gentlemen, don't all speak at one*. ¦•
* * • • .
It would take a whole dynamite factory to explode some people's theories;
• ? • • ' . •
A woman's character is often written in the holes of her stockings.
• • ?
A smile may mean anything from a $10 bill to a nickel in the slot.
• • *
W. J. B. will please take a back seat. Daughter Rath is now the lead
ing lady tad holds the center of the stage.
« • •
A lort-flkk woman thinks she is both a mystery and a martyr, when
•he's only a plain, erery-day fooL
,u - -*¦. - • * *
Some people think they are in love when they are only dyspeptic
• * • "
A good woman is her own guardian angel.
A man is never too old or too wise to be made a fool of by a pretty
woman. •- .
• • *
A designing woman mutilates Nature's best design.
• • • i
It is natural for a woman to love finery. To display this love is onmt
•rral aad spoils the effect of both the woman and the finery.
If husbands and wives were always sweethearts there would be no load
ings for another and better world.
What Is everybody's business is nobody's bnsinesa.
Many people are victims of misplaced confidence — in themselves.
• • *
Habit Is something that grows. You cannot see the roots, but jom
can sometimes feel them burrow in pretty deep.
• * *
The fool thinks he's awfully wise, and the wise fears he's an awful fool
• • • •
What is the difference between an unappropriated blessing, a retired
belle, a bachelor girl and a good old-fashioned old maid? Girls, one at a
time, please. . ~
A woman never really loves a man who is not her lord and master.
• * •
Lore is like music— either harmonv or wretched discord.
• • •
• • A man who jumps at conclusions often finds that the conclusion
didn't jump.
: When it comes to being fa?t a man is never in it even in horses. Flora
Temple, Maud S and now Lou Dillon holds the record, while the man is on
the back seat.
,. * m * . •
•" "It is very naughty for American men to become heroes. They will kiss
"•; Some men put their shoulders to the wheel, some keep their note* at the
grind-stone, while others let a woman have the steady contract of support
ing them. •
• • •
•You might u well try to remove mountains with a toothpick as to try.
:to retnovc some women's prejudices.
; » • *
•When a man ceases to love the woman who persists in loving him he
.feels as if he were the star of a continuous hanging performance.
• * ••
• •-' . If you are telling your best story and the other fellow yawn*, be sure to
f.ftSsh; it may put him to sleep and out of his misery.
• •
- - -Who will care for mother now? Don't you worry, the old lady has
learned to hustle for herself.
• ' m * * •
' ' : The face of the honeymoon always wears a mask which matrimony dis
closes whether it be a fool, a skeleton or a dear little Cupid.
.* . "* * * •
" Even after divorce a man may sing "They're after me." Alimony comet
-after the divorce
. ••• * * *
'. • . Of course love is a disease — a microbe. We all know that love makes
more people bughouse than ever find their way into an insane asylum.
. • • • *
• Some women are born great and some marry money.
." * * • •
A badly- cooked dinner will turn love's young dream into a regular old
!asbicae4 nightmare.
. • • . - * » •
When an old man falla tn love s
morgue is a cheerful farce comedy com
pared with the exhibition he makei of
himself. When an old waman falls in
love— but let us weep, the tpectacle it
too harrowing.
• *'¦ ¦- : • ; ¦'¦".
fasting forty days cured a Connecticut man of dyspepsia. He's dead.
The girl who thinks she has brains is seldom a favorite with men. It i»
ist as 'hard ffTr her to please as to be pleased.
.*:••.'- • *
; A worr-an does not obiect to srray hair as long as her face remains
yaqtiifuL It is when wrinkles keeo pace with the gray that it all hurts.
• * •
;A fcnsband or wife develoos either the best or the wont qualitle* in th«
ether.
THE SUISTDAY CALL.
And I am old— the passing yean
" Have brought no comfort ' in their, flight; |
My heart still heirs that sobbing cry, :
"Pease, mama, pease, tiss me dood night"
At dawn the angels hovered near:
She nestled close* and smiled and said,
"I won't be naughty any more,"
And in my arms my babe lay— dead.
• • ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦. i*. ,
All through that agonizing night
Delirious she moaned in pain.
The little broken heart ; sti 11 plead
For kisses that I gave in vain. ,
7
ME-OWS OF A KITTYcourse, it wasn't— but that was no reason
for us to interfere and get hustled over
the divide before our time."
"Principle is principle, and it's good in
Its place, but it'a best left to home when
you go to Alaska. Eh?" Wertz had
Joined his mate, and both were working
pliability into their frozen moccasins.
"Think we ought to take a hand?"
Slgmund shook his head. He was very
busy. A »cud oZ chocolate-colored foara
was rising in the coffee pot, and tho
bacon needed turning. Also, he was
thinking about the girl laughing eyes Ilka
summer seas, and he- was humminz
softly.
His mates chuckled to each other and
ceased talking. Though it was past 7
daybreak was still three hours distant
The aurora borealis had passed out of th«
sky. and the camp was an oasis of light
in the midst, of deep darkness. And la
this light the forms of the three men
were sharply defined. Emboldened by tho
silence, • Sigmund raised his rolce and
opened the last stanza of the old song:
In a year. In a year, when the srap«s „»
Then the night was split with a rat
tling volley of rifle shots. Hawes sighed,
made an effort to straighten himself and
collapsed. Wertz went over on an elbow
with drooping head. He choked a Uttla.
and a dark stream flowed from his
mouth. And Slgmund, the Golden Haired,
his throat a-gurglo with tho song, thrwc
tip his arms and pitched across tho fire.
saw her coming, a surly dog in either
hand.. At the approach of these his own
animals waxed truculent, and he favored
them- with the butt of his whip till they
quieted. He had approached the camp up
the wind, and sound was the thing to be
most feared In making his presence
known.,
"Put them. Into the sled," he ordered
when she had got -the harness on the two
dogs. "I want my leaders to the fore."
But when she had done this the dis
placed animals pitched upon the aliens.
Though .Hitchcock plunged among them
with clubbed rifle a riot of sound went up
and across the sleeping camp.
"Now we shall have dogs and In plen
ty,", he remarked grimly, slipping an ax
from the 'sled lashings. "Do thou harness
whichever I fling thee and between whiles
protect the team."
* He stepped a. space In advance and
waited between two pines. The dogs of
the camp were disturbing the night with
their jangle and he watched for their
coming. A dark 'spot, growing rapidly,
took form upon the dim white expanse
of ' snow.. It- was . a fore-runner of • the
pack,, leaping cleanly, and, after the wolf
fashion, singing direction to his brothers.
Hitchcock stood In the shadow. As it
sprang . past he -reached out. gripped Its
forelegs In mid-career and sent It whlrl-
them approached the creeping man. trat
the | man . became; • motionless. The dog
came. closer and sniffed, and came yet
closer, till its nose touched tho strange
object, which had not been there when
darkness felL Then Hitchcock, for It was
Hitchcock,' upreared suddenly, shooting
an. unmittened hand out to the brute's
shaggy throat And the dog knew, its
death in that clutch, and when the man
moved, on. was left broken-necked under
the stars. In this manner Hitchcock made
the chiefs lodge. For long he lay in the
snow without, listening to the voices of
the occupants and striving to locate Slpsu.
Evidently there were many In the tent,
and from the. sounds they were In high
excitement ;
At last he heard the girl's voice and
crawled around so that only the moose
hide divided them. Then burrowing In the
snow, he slowly wormed his' head and
shoulders underneath. When the warm
inner air smote his face he. stopped and
waited, bis legs and. the greater part of
his body, still on the outside. He-could
sea nothing 1 , nor did he dare lift his head.
On one side of him was a skin bale. He
could smell It. though' he: carefully felt to
be certain. On the.;other. side his face
barely, touched a furry garment which he
knew clothed a body. This "must be Slpsu.
Though he wished she would speak»agaln,
Ik resolved to risk it.
He 'could hear the chief and the 'witch
doctor . talking high, and in a far corner
some' hungry child - whimpering to sleep.
Squirming on his side he carefully raised
his head, still Just touching the furry gar
ment : He; listened to -the ; breathing. It
was a woman's breathing; he would
chance It He pressed against her tide
and he was so made that the commercial
aspect of life . of ten seemed meaningless
and bore contradiction to his deeper, im
pulses. - "v
'So he eat silent, with head ( bowed
forward, an orsanlc force greater than
himself as great as his race, at work
within 'him. Wertz and Hawes- looked
askance at him from time to time, a faint
but perceptible trepidation in their man
ner. Slgmund also felt this. Hitchcock
was strong, and his strength had been im
pressed upon them, in the course of many
an event in their precarious life.' So they
.stood in a certain definite awe and curios
ity as to what his/conduct would be when
he moved. to action.
But his ''silence was Ion? and the fire
n|gh out- when Wertz stretched his arms
ana yawned and thought he'd go to bed.
Then Hitchcock stood up his full height
"May God damn your souls to the deep
est, hells, ( you chicken hearted cowards!
I'm done with you!" He said it calmly
enough, Tjut his strength spoke in. every
syllable',- and every intonation was adver
tisement of intention.. "Come on," he'Jcon
tinued, "whack'',up, and in whatevcr^way
suits you best I own a quarter Interest
in : the claims: our- contracts - show/ that.
There are twenty-five or thirty ounces In
the Back from the test pans. Fe^ph out
the scales. We'll divide' that now.' .*nd
you. Sljrmund, measure me my quarter
share of the grub and set it apart' . Four
of th«» does are mine and I want four
more. I'll trade you my share in the
camp outfit and mining gear for the dogs.
And I'll throw in my six or seven ounces
and the spare 45-90 with the ammunition.,
What d'ye say?"
The three men- drew apart and con
ferred. When they returned Slgmund
acted as spokesman. "We'll .. whack r'up
fair with you, Hitchcock. In everything
you'll get your quarter share, neither
more nor less, -and* you- can take It*or
leave it But we want the dogs as bad
as you do. so you getfour, and that's
all. If you don't want to take your share
of the outfit and Bear, why, that's your
lopkout. "If you want It you can have it;
if you don't leave It"
"The letter of ' the ¦ law." Hitchcock
sneered. "But go ahead. I'm w.illing. And
hurry up. I can't get out of this camp
and away from Its vermin any too quick."
The division was effected without fur
ther comment He lashed. his meager be
longings upon one of the sleds, rounded in
his four dogs, and harnessed up. His
portion of outfit and gear he did not
touch, though he threw onto the sled half
a dozen dog harnesses, and challenged
them with his eyes to Interfere. But' they
shrugged their ¦ shoulders . and ¦ watched
him disappear In the forest.
A man crawled upon his belly, through
the snow. On every, hand loomed the
moose hide lodges of the camp. Here and
there a miserable dog howled or snarled
abuse upon bis neighbor. • Once ono of
that's all there Is about It It's a way
these people have of doing. It's their re
ligion, and it's no concern of ours. . Our
concern Is to get the dust and then get
out of this God-forsaken land. 'Tlsn't fit
for naucht el?e but beasts. And what
are these black devils but beasts? Be
sides, it'd be damn poor policy."
"That's what I say," chimed in Hawes.
"Here we are, four of us, three hundred
miles from the Yukon or a white face.
And what can we do against half a hun
dred Indians? If we quarrel with them
we have to vamoose; if we fight, we are
wiped out. Further, we've struck pay,
and, by God. I for one am going to stick
by It."
"Ditto here," supplemented Wertz.'
Hitchcock turned Impatiently to ' Slg
mund, who was softly sinking:
"In a yeir. In a year, when" the grar/es are ripe,
I shall etay no more away." . _....-. >
"Well, it's this way, Hitchcock,"- he
finally said. "I'm in the same boat wtfh
the rest. If three-score bucks have made
up their mind to kill, the girl, why, we
can't, help it. One rush and we'd be wiped
off the landscape. And what good'd'that
be? They'd still have the girl. 1 There's no
use in going against the customs of a
people except you're in force." !
"But we are in force!" Hitchcock broke
In. "Four whites are a match 'for a hun
dred times as many reds.' ! And think . of
the girl!" . • v ' "- -. .
Slgmund stroked the dog meditatively.
"But I do think of the girl. And hfer eyes
are blue like summer skies, and laughing
like summer seas, and her hair is yellow,
like mine, and' braided in' ropes 'the size
of a big man's arm. She's waiting for
me out there in the better land. ... And
she's waited long and now my pile's in
sight I'm not going • to throw it away."
"And shamed I would be to look into
the girl's blue eyes and remember. the
black ones- of the girl whose .blood was
on my hands,", Hitchcock sneered; for
he was born to honor and championship,
and to do the thing for the thing's sake,
nor stop to weigh or measure.
Sigmund Bhook his head. "You can't
make me mad, Hitchcock, nor ' do . mad
things because of your madness.- It's a
cold business proposition and a question
of facts. I didn't come to this country
for my health, and further, it's impos
sible for us to raise a hand. If It Is so,
it is too bad for the girl, that's all. It's
a way of her people, and It Just happens
we're on the spot this one time. They's
done the same for a thousand years and
they're going to do it now, and they'll
go on doing it for all time to come. Be
sides, they're not our kind. Nor's the
girl. No, I take my stand with Wertz
and Hawes, and — — "
But the dogs snarled and drew In and
he broke off, listening ' to the crunch,
crunch of many snowshoes. Indian after
Indian stalked Into the firelight, tall and
softly but firmly and felt her start at tho
contact. Again he waited till a question
ing hand slipped down upon bis head and
paused among the curls. The next In
stant a band turned his face gently up
ward and he was gazing into Slpsu's
eyes.
I She was quite collected. Changing her
position casually, she threw an elbow
well over on the skin bale, rested her
body upon it and arranged her parka.
In this way he was completely concealed.
Then and still most casually she reclined
across him, so ti.at he could breathe be
tween her arm and breast, and when she
lowered her head her ear pressed lightly,
against his lips.
"When the time suits, go thou," he
whispered, "out of the lodge and across
the snow, down the wind to the bunch of
Jack pines in the curve of the creek*.
There wilt thou find my dogs and my
Bled, packed for the trail. This night we
go down to the Yukon; and. since we go
fast, lay thou hands upon what dogs
come nigh thee by the scruff of the neck
end drag them to the sled In the curve
of the creek."
Slpsu shook her head in dissent, but her
eyes glistened v.lth gladness and she was
proud that this man had shown toward
her such favor. But she, like tho women
of all her race, was born to obey the will
masculine, and when Hitchcock repeated
"Go!" he did It with authority, and
though she made no answer he knew that
bis will was law.
"And never mind harness for the dogs,"
he added, preparing to go. "I shall wait.
But waste no time. The day chaseth the
night away, nor does it linger for man's
pleasure." f
Half an hour later, stamping his feet
and swinging Ala arms by the sled, he
tag earthward. Then ho strode tt * wssV
Judged blow beneath th« ear and limn
It to Slpsu. And while sn« clapped on
the harness, ho with his as hald the pas
sage between the trees), till a snaggy
flood of white teeth and gllsteoina; eye*.
surged and created Just beyond rjswa,
Slpeu worked rapidly. When she had fin
ished he leaped forward, seized and stea
ned a second and flung It to her. Tbi»
he repeated thrice again, and whso tfco
sled team stood snarling In a string oc
ten ho called "Enoughl"
But at this Instant a young buck. t2i«
forerunner of tho trlbo and swift of Umo,
wading through tho dogs and cuffln*
right and left, attempted tho paswag*.
The butt of Hitchcock's rifle droro ma
to his knee*, whence he toppled over slda
ways. The witch doctor, runnlns; lustily,
saw the blow falL
Hitchcock called to Slpau to jmll out.
At her shrill "Chook!" the maddened
brutes shot straight ahead, and tho sled,
bounding mightily. Just missed unseating
her. The powers were ovld«ntly angrr
with the witch doctor, for at thia mo
ment they plunged him upon tn* trail.
The lead dog fouled his snowshoe* and
tripped him up and tho nine succeeding
dogs trod him under foot and the sled
bumped over him. But he w»» quick to
his feet, and tho night might hare turned
out differently had not Blpsu struck back.
ward with the long dog whip and smitt*a
him a blinding blow across the eyas.
Hitchcock, hurrying to overtake hsr, col
lided against him as he swayed with pain
In the middle of the trail. Thus It wu
when the primitive theologian got back
to the chiefs lodge that his wisdom had
been increased in so far as concerns tho
efficacy of the white man's first. So when
he orated then and there in the council
he was wroth against ail white men.
"Tumble out. you loafers! Tumblo oat!
grub'll be ready before you get Into your
footgear!"
Dave Wertz threw off the "bearskin, sat
up and yawned.
Hawes stretched, discovered a lame
muscle In his arm and rubbed it sleepily.
"Wonder where Hitchcock bunked last
night?" he queried, reaohlng for his moc
casins. They were stiff, and he walked
gingerly in his socks to the fir© to thaw
them out. "It's a blessing he's pone," ha
added, "though he was a mighty good
worker."
"Yep. Too masterful. That waa h!.«i
trouble. Too bad for Slpsu. Think ho
cared for her much?"
"Don't think so. Just principle. That's
alL Ha thought It wasn't risht— and, of
Kart ' I, then, moat X. den. now leare this
tows —
Aaf you, mj love, »t«y here?
THE singer, dean faced and cneery
eyed, bent over and added water to
a pot of simmering 'beans, and
then, rising, a stick of firewood la
hand, drove back the circling
dogs from the grub box and cooking gear.
He was blue of eye. and his long hair
was golden, and it was a pleasure to
look upon his rusty freshness. A new
• mpon was thrusting a dim horn above
the white line of close packed snow
cepped pin«e which ringed the camp and
segregated It from all the world. Ovei
head. so clear it was and cold, the stars
danced with quick, pulsating movements.
To. the southeast an evanescent greenish
glow heralded the opening revels of the
aurora borealla.
Two men. In the Immediate foreground,
jay- upon the bearskin which was their
bed. • Between the skin and naked snow
was a six-inch layer of pine boughs. The
. blankets were rolled back. For shelter,
there was & Zy at their backs— a sheet
ef canvas stretched between two trees
and »T>sMn.g «x forty-fire degrees. This
caught the radiating beat from the fir*
• and flung It down upon the skin. An
other man sat on a sled, drawn close to
the blaze, mending moccasins. To the
right a heap of frozen gravel and & rude
windlass denoted where they tolled each
Cay in dismal groping for the pay streak.
To the left four pairs of snowshoes stood
erect, showing the mode of travel which
obtained when the stamped snow cf the
camp was left behind.
That Schwabian folk song Bounded
strangely pathetic under the cold nortn
« era stars, and It did not do the men good
who lounged about the fire after the toll
ef the day. It put a dull ache Into their
hearts and a yearning which was akin
, to belly hung-er, and 6ent their souls
questing southward across the divides to
the* sun lands.
•'"For the love of God. 81gmund, shut
"\zfl" expostulated one of the men. His
• Jiands were clenched painfully, but he hid
"them from eight in the folds of the bear-
Ekln upon which he lay.
"And what for. Dave Wcrtz?" Slgmund
. .demanded. "Why chall I not clng when
tlhe heart Is glad?"
., ."Becauf© you've got no call to. that's
why. Look about you, man, and think of
the .crtsb we've been defiling our bodies
with for the last twel\-emonth and the
. way we've lived and worked like beasts!"
Th;is abjured. Slgmund the golden
haired surveyed it all, and the frost
rlmmcd rolf-dogs and the vapor breaths
of the men.
'o'And why shall rot the heart be glad?"
h.« lat-ghed. "It Is good; it is all good.
- Aa for tne grub " He doubled up his
arm end caressed the swelling biceps.
j "And if we have lived and worked like
•beasts, have we not been paid like kings?
• "Jwenty dollars to the pan the streak is
# funning, and we know it to be eight feet
..thlc'jf. It Is another Klondike— and we
know lu Jim Hawes there, by your el
low; knows It and complains not. And
there's Hitchcock! He sews moccasins
like an old woman, and waits against the
•time. Only you can't wait and work until
the wash-up in the spring. Then we shall
• all l> rich, rich a? klnps, only you cannot
wait. You want to go back to the States.
j Bo do I. and I was born there, but I can
, wait.* v.- # hcn each day the cold in pan
chows up yellow as butter in the churn-
Ing. t But you want your good time, and,
like a. child, you cry fcr it now. Bah!
\Yh;r shall I not sing:
In a yecr. In a year, when the erapei arc ripe,
I chill rtay no more away.
Then If you Mill ere true, my love.
It will be our ¦npfliinp 4«y.
In a year. !n a year, when my time is part.
TJien I' 11 live i:i your love for aye.
Then If ycu are tti!l true, my love.
It will be our treading day.
The dogs, bristling and growling, drew
In closer to the firelight. There waa a
monotonous crunch, crunch of webbed
shoes, and bctwf-en each crunch the drag
ging forward of the heel of the shoe like
the Bound of sifting sugar. Slgmund
broke off from his song to hurl oaths and
firewood at the animals. Then the HglH
was parted by a fur-clad figure, and an
Indian girl slipped out of the webs, threw
back the hood of her squirrel skin parka,
and stood in their midst. Sigmund and
the men on the bearskin greeted her as
"Slpsu." with the customary "Hello," but
Hitchcock made room on the sled that
•he might e!t beside him.
"And how goes it. Slpsu T' he asked,
talking, after her fashion, in broken Eng
lish and bastard Chinook. "Is the hun
ger still mighty in the camp? And has
the witch doctor yet found the cause
wherefore game is scarce and no moose
In the land?"
"Yes; even so. There is little game and
we prepare to cat the dogs. Also has the
witch doctor found the cause of all this
evil, and to-morrow will he make sacri
fice and cleanse the camp."
"And what docs the sacrifice chance to
be— a new-born babe or some poor devil
c't a squaw, old and shaky, who is a
care to the tribe and better out of the
way?"
"It chanced net that wise; for the need
was great, and he chose none other than
the chiefs daughter; none other than I,
Elpsu."
"Hell!" The words rose slowly to
Hitchcock's lips and brimmed over, full
and deep, in a way which bespoke won
der and consideration.
"Wherefore we stand by the forking of
a trail, you and I," she went on calmly,
"and I have come that we may look once
more upon each other and once more
only."
She was bom of primitive stock and
primitive had been her traditions and her
days, co she regarded life stoically and
human sacrifice as part of the natural
order. The powers which ruled the day
light and the dark, the flood and the
frost, the bursting of the bud and the
withering of the leaf, were angry and
In need of propitiation. This they exacted
In many ways— death in the bad water,
through the treacherous Ice crust, by the
grip of the grizzly or a wasting sickness
which fell upoa a man in his own lodge
till he coughed, and the life of his lungs
went out through his mouth and nostrils.
likewise did the powers receive sacri
fice. It was all one. And the witch doc
tor was versed in the thoughts oi the
powers and chose unerringly. It was
very natural. Death came by many
ways, yet was it all one after all-mani
festation of the all-powerful and Inscru
table.
But Hitchcock came of a later world
breed. His traditions were less concrete
Unlike many men, his faculty of adapt
ation, while large, had never suggested
the expediency of an alliance with the
women of the Northland. His broad cos
mopolitanism had never impelled toward
covenanting in marriage with the daugh
ters of. the soiL If it had, his phllosophr
of ' life would not have stood between.
But it' simply had not. . .
Blpsu? He had pleasured In camp fire
chats with her, not as a man who knew
himself to be a man and she a woman, but
as -a man might chat with a child, and as
a man of bis make certainly would, if
for no other reason than to vary the tedi
um of a bleak exlsfence. That was all.
But there was a certain chlvalrlc thrill of
warm blood In him. despite his ' Yankee
ancestry and New England • upbringing
But the man who had sat beside her
on the sled gave no sign,' nor lifted. his
head as they filed away into 'the' white
forest. • ¦ ¦ •.
grim.- fur clad and silent, their shadow!
dancing grotesquely on the snow. One,
the witch doctor, spoke gutturally to
Slpsu. His face was daubed with savage
paint blotches, and over his shoulders
was drawn a wolfskin, the gleaming
teeth and cruel snout surmounting his
head. No other word was spoken. Th»
prospectors held the peace. Blpsu aros»
and slipped into her snowshoes."
"Good by, O my man," she said to
Hitchcock. ' .
and without reverence and he said: "Not
eo. Slpsu. You are young and yet in the
full Joy of life. The wltcn doctsr is a
fool and his choice is evil. This thing
shall not be."
She smiled and answered: "Life Is not
kind and for many reason*. First, It
made of us twain the one white and the
other red, which Is bad. Then* Jt crossed
our trails, and now It parts them again;
and we can do nothing. Once before,
when the gods were angry did your
brothers come to the camp. They were
three, big men and white, and they said
the thing shall" not be. B*ut they, died
quickly and the thing was."
Hitchcock nodded that he heard, half
turned and T llfted his voice. "Look here,
you fellows! There's a lot of foolery go
ing on over to the camp, and they're get
ting ready to murder Slpsu. What d'ye
say?"
Wertx looked at Hawes and Hawes
looked back, but neither spoke. Slgmund
dropped his head and petted the shepherd
dog between his knees. He had brought
Bhep In with him from the outside and
thought a great deal of the animal. In
fact, a certain girl who .was much, in -his
thoughts, and whose picture In the little
locket on his breast often inspired him
to sing, had given him the dog and 'her
blessing when they kissed good-by and he
started on his northland quest. , -¦
"What d>o t eay?" Hitchcock- repeated."
"Mebbe It's not bo serious," Hawes an
swered with deliberation. "Most likely
It's only a' girl's story-"
"That lan't the point!" Hitchcock felt
a hot -flush of anger sweep over him at
their evident reluctance. "The question
Is. If It Is so, are we going to stand It?
What are we going to do?"
"I don't see any call to Interfere,"
¦poke up. Wertz. "If It Is bo. It is so, ani
THE PUNDAT CALL,
8
WHERE THE TRAIL FORKSJack had any foolish preferences In that
regard, why, surely. Miss Bunton, so far
from lacking In that respect, . seemed to
be, more than usually well favored. Thus
he solemnly prosed to bis wife, who was
tude.ln this affair, Nan." he said to her,
when he began to . show some Impatience
over her failure to forward the match.
"You can have no objection to the mar
riage, of course, knowing how highly 'Hi-
sent for him— sent for him, not gone to
him— he bad made* an offer to put the
band. Bhe did not need to In order to
have her own way In their social affairs.
younger brother might engage If he
pleased. The family had Its traditions In
haughtlness In her look* he much ap
proved; and as to. personal charm, If
- Jess acquiescent In the matter than
pleased him. ,• :._..¦
j "I do not quite understand your atti-
portant , it ia that the property Bun ton
owns should be incorporated In our Inter
ests. Have ; you spoken to ¦ Jack oa the
"Did IT' *
"Did you notT"
"Well?"
"Because of any information you hare
concerning him?" ¦ _
"Him?" Her brain was filled with the
subject of the daughter. She did not un
derstand the Interest the lawyer showed
In another subject.
"Mr. Bunton, you spoke of nlxn as a ras
cal Just now," ho persisted patiently.
"Is he not a rascal?" she asked, stop
pins, in her stride, to look at him Inquir
ingly.
••We may consider the assumption a
safe one. with not much danger of dom*
an Injustice— generally. I was asking if
you FDOke of him so because of any in
formation you have."
"I know he is a rascal!"
"I believe he is; and my belief Is based
on some evidence. Your knowledge. I as
sume, is similarly based— on evidence?"
"Mr. Bannister, you do not quiz. You
have some serious reason for questioning
me. I have no evidence. I say he is a
rascal because he is. You are talking to
a woman. If we waited for what you
call evidence before we acted on what we
know we know we would be a more be
wildered lot of fools than we are, I sup
pose. May I go on with the subject I
begged you to come here to discuss?"
"If you please, madam.**
"How shall we make Mr. Worthington
give u» this Insane idea?"
"Is it insane?"
"Is It not?" she cried impatiently.
"Jack is not in the slightest danger of
making a foolish match If he la left to
his own choice. There are fifty girls in
New York from whom he couM choose;
any one of them wou!d make him a suita
ble wife. If there were no other reason
why he ehould not marry this Bunton
girl— he does not care for her!"
"How do you know?"
Ehe started at the abruptness of the
question.
' "You ( always ask reasons!" she declares
petulantly.
"That 13 the principal reason that the
Worthington interests pay me fifty thou
sand a year, madam."
"Well. I can give a reason: Jack Is In
love with— with some one else."
"With a Miss Grace Paxton, you were
about to say."
She looked at him in astonishment, and
repeated hl3 question, "How do you
know?"
"Miss P3xton la an occasional visitor,
with her. brother, at our place. Jack Is
a. member of our Country Club; Mrs.
Bannister has had him to dinner on some
of the occasions of MLsa Paxton's visits."
, "3o you have seen them together! I
only heard him speak of her. But that
was enough."
"Is it because Jack's affections are en-
•nbjsctr*
"I have no*."
"But he understands our wishes?*
"He understands your wishes. Jack
pays Miss Bunton soms attention. There
Is no hurry."
"I do not say that there is hurry. I
never hurry. But I confess to sonie
eagerness to have ths engagement mad*
and announced. Tho young woman Is
personally attractive; her father la known
to be a man of wealth— that mining prop
erty tlono is worth a large fortune— and
she may become piqued at Jack's faint
heartedness and accept some one else."
"Well, John," his wife replied, with the
smile sho could usually end a subject
with, "If Jack loses Miss Bunton we need
not de*p*ir of seeing him well married."
But he would not be turned aside now.
Be returned to the subject until, her
nerves on fire, she laughed gayly and left
the room, angrier and more troubled than
she had ever been before. She sent for
Caleb Bannister. His heavy, emotionless
face expressed not even surprise when,
ths Instant the servant 'who admitted him
had departed, she, striding up and . down
the room, exclaimed: "Help me! 1 could
see my son dead with leaa grief than see
him married to that woman. John
Worthlngton was never whollr deter
mined on a thing before In his life. What
can I tell him? He Is blind— absolutely
blind! He sees only her pretty face; her
Insolent manner h* takes for hauteur;
sees that she is the oniy child of this ras
cal Bunton— that Is all! If she were only
a silly minded girl Jack could marry her,
I suppose, and not be shamed in the
world by her; find his entertainment
where he liked. But her mind is not
silly— It Is loose. I know! She haunts
matinees, cafes, the streets, even. If she
must, to see, and yes— urh— to flirt with
low ruffians I There Is something worse
than that she has a low, common mind—
something. I can't explain It to you, but
I'll learn, yet! If the creature 13 not ac
tually evil— no, I don't understand It. but
there Is— help me! How can tou help m*.
you who are wise, and know JohnT"
Mr. Bannister was the only human be
ing who had seen and heard the reputed
ly always serene and good-tempered Nan
Worthington give expression to her actual
feelings. Perhaps it was because he had
been a witness to her lapses Into perfect
honesty that he did not now seem much
Interested In her anger, but said quietly.
"You used the word *rascal* In speaking
of Mr. Bunton."
CTS S 31 ta ta9 «&ird installment of
I 4 1<ees and Ijeaven" by B. W.
I Town tend, the famous author
. af "Chixnxnle Fadden," whose
latest *t>rk ia creating a tremendous
ae&ML&on. Tbe whole book will be
completed next Sunday.
This jru.biica.tiod Is the more nota
l fcC* £xoai toe tact that not only did
* the aether begin his career on The
Call, Vat the Sunday Call is the very
first newspaper to present the tal-.
sated writer's latest novel in this
farxa. In point of fact you cannot
C*t **Ls— asd Z^eaven" in any other
fens whatever for less t**"" twenty
ttm— the cost of the Sunday 'Call.
That is a simple little fact worth
peadsriaf if you like the best that
is belay written in America to-day.
O^r^i^b^^5F P w^L^ °^
1* 5T RS. ISAAC BUNTON had muy
/ \/\ xxpas-intanw. but not a friend,
I Y I tn New York. Her circle grew
- I by a process warranted to secure
'a &r£-e but not hardy growth—
th» system of. cultivation gardeners call
••torair*.*' This Includes fostering by lr
r.c»tlon aildvich fertilizers, whose society
equivalents are champagne ax.d terrapin.
Ther* was no 'eason why society should
cot .'recognize the Buntons. who seemed
«lo bedell-bred, well-behaved people; but,
on; the other hand, there was no par
ticular isaaon. why It should recognize
•them* bo 'the forcing process was resorted
.*•> with the well-known results: Mrs. Bun
4* jonls cftxle of* acquaintances expanded,
¦ bui :c . . ; - . no triend. Why should it?
•Surely. 'Jnendshi> ia too precious a gift
*-sj beptcw for mere terrapin and cham
pa'gn?; we <3ema:i«i something of more
. v*£]£Q* to comi.ensH.te for the emotional
vie;jr 'i.ni tear of friendship — that boon ws
beStow freely, let us say, for the tip of
'c»u*cy Sneer held out from a plane above
u?j n.t fur a rugged clasp of the hand
< ? 1 V^' ' same plane ivitb us! We will de
c*iir». from the. housetops that Mrs. John
Wortl-ir.jjton Is our deuxest friend if only
.tSie v ill 'invite us to tea and bread and
•totftfex-j But the Burtons? They are no
jitter fhsin we are, and it Is really more
thjin they deserve that we should give
•£veii out: acquaintance In return for their
citgStagagTae and. terrapin.
•Jlrs. Boston • w»s very lonely, and
jfien tliou^ht with a elgh of re
grf !tf the bid friends of the Flats—
iiot the Heights!— of White • River. But
Bb^ made no complaint. Daisy became
moS.« fascinated with the entertainment
she ibunil. in .New York; and Isaac was
10* Rlayiiig't ganse more fascinating to
Ujm than were the- theaters to Daisy; an
; entertalnmest that enthralls until it kills,
• sometimes, or. makes mad. He was gam
bling-.- Oh. no', 6fr! Not with cards and
# d 1 r ce. 'Nothing so vulgar and reprehensi
ble.' He was playing his game in Wall
Cr«»t" He was. successful, too; and his
greatest. satlsfacUpn was that he was In
dependent of the interest that urged him
to ©*xt. wljh the salnlne land, i Ke had
ti*4ed-freely on land, though. Often
?i£ -had Borrowed larte sums on It; he
l asjd used'the'ijnancial strength Its owner
ship ftv* him. in many ways; but he re
fosed«ll efJers to soil It." To a very arro
"siat lawyer named Bannister, who had
Her Illusion as to staceland was com
plete; her Interest In it Intense: her ambi
tion In regard to It the strongest impulse
in her impulsive nature.
Daisy Bunton would have been an as
tonished young: woman had she known
that one person was keeping her under
close espionage; that one person had a
fairly accurate list of her matlnee-made
friends, even a notion of a considerable
correspondence she carried on without her
mother's knowledge. But she would have
been more astonished had she known that
thin person was Mrs. John Worthlngton.
Being as stupid as he was proud, the
preat Mr. Worthlngton never learned any
thing, nor gave up an Idea to which he
had once given adherence. This
characteristic was of small Inconvenience
to the men who managed him and his af
fairs, because of the infrequency with
which he originated an Idea. Most of
those Ideas he thought were original with
him were but the .slow growth of sugges
tions planted In Ills mind by the chief
counsel for the Worthington interests,
Caleb Bannister. The latter had a man
ner of treating Mr. Worthlngton as If -he
were a person, not an Institution, and
therefore had more .Influence over , him
than any one else. ;\ But Unfortunately
Mr. Worthlngton was. not wholly an in
stitution; he did ;&4 : rare intervals have
original. Initiative Vcejrebrationsr -.mental
Inceptions with which., it .was ' i "always, dif
ficult to deal, for' the- great' man was even
more Incapable' of- altering one " of •* these
troublesome: self-made .opinions than' he
was of changlng'his mind when! It- had
been made up for him by Mr. Bannister.
So It was that his. own idea that his eld
est eon should solve the difficulty over
the formation of the Iron combine, by mar
rying the oniy daughter of Isaac Bun
ton." became a fundamental truth in his
mind; an existing, evident fact, to ques
tion which was folly, heresy or madness.
Mrs. Wortfair.glon had never quarreled,
seldom seemed to differ, with her him-.;
Many of these new acquaintances of the
street, were also Westerners, and like
Isaac had come to Xew York with their
families to live. These merry marauders
made up a considerable part of the Bun
tons* social life, and were preferred to
the natives, as seeming to depend less
upon Irrigation and fertilizing than the
native flower of acquaintance. Even
Daisy approved of this element of their
social circle. She met "In It maidens and
young matrons who enjoyed the matinee
with her own degree of enthusiasm; and
when she went to plays In their company,
which she did in preference to going with
her mother, che found no check upon her
growing intimacy with chance acquaint
ances of either sex. These were people
generally associated, or related— vaguely—
to people of the stage.
His boldness and success In "holding up
the combine." as his action was called.
gave him a reputation that mad* him the
leader of a new element In the street; a
Joyously gay lot of Buccaneers who held
that there was no mystery in Wall street;
that the men who pretended to be run
ning the gambling frame played there
were playing under false pretenses; that
the Buccaneers had as many rights and
privileges as the old line of chartered
privateers In those waters,' and proposed
to exercise them.
land Into the proposed Iron combine at a
valuation so fabulous that It was treated
by the /lawver as only another way - of
a grain refusing to sell; and he told Isaao
Bunton eo, and not very politely. - "Very
well, Mr. Bannister," Bunton had replied;
"your crowd will come to my terms, one
day; and when that day comes you may
call on me-ydon't send for me, for I'll not
come to you axaln."
for she had more than enough cleverness
to make It appear that he regulated ¦
them.; and with . his business . affairs she
never" meddled, for- she. knew>that Caleb
Bannister (was the head of the cabinet
that managed them' and her high regard,
for that Jawyer's wisdom was not the
least' evidence of her own.
But here was a matter that was neither
business nor social; that neither Involved
Income nor a dinner list; a matter that'
touched her affections— born | with their
object — her son! . Jack, her first-born, she
loved. He was her first love and, though
he had a brother, and sister, her greatest
love. ';•'• : ' ¦•
Mr. Worthington was a deliberate man;
he did net hotly press his Idea that Jack
should offer M.'ss Bunton a seat oh the,
throne; he felt. Indeed, that a marriage'
of this Importance should be approached
with the dignified measure of the minuet,
not the antic haste of the twestep. This
was an affair of state, Involving the sue
cession of the house of Worthlngtoriinot
a vulgar love affair, .in which Jack's
this respect, as strong as the laws of
other. dynasties, and" thos« tradition! had
all be«i obaeryed In the will Caleb .Ban
nister had . lon'g ; ago .drawn and John
Worthlngtbn ' signed, s Jack wai \ to suc
ceed as the head of the house, the direc
tor of Its affairs .and the owner of by far
the largest part . of - Its fortune. Mr.
Worthington. had critically observed
Daisy- upon several occasions of ceremony
and found that she ;wm a . young person
of good ' demeanor, with a suggestion <£
LEES AND LEAVEN
Sunday Call Literary SectionXIII-THH LAST WARNING.
rather than have his prospects blighted."
"Th!s !s hysterical. Nan. I have seen
as much of the %oung ludy as you. I like
her. I'll not consent to have her spied
upon: for all I know led into some harm
less indiscretion that could be twisted
into an appearanco of evil to thwart my
Plan."
"Jchn! Do you hint that I would lead
her"
"I mean," he Interrupted excitedly,
"that 1 have made up my mind! That I
will not brook further discussion. I mean,
Bunnlster. that I direct you to draw up
a new will, and have it ready for me to
sign, If my son continues to defy — to de —
to"
He sank back, his lips moving, but no
sound escaping from them. Bannister
sprang to his side and held him or he
would have slipped to the carpet. Mrs.
Worthington darted to an electric bell
that would have summoned servants. But
she was slopped by the lawyer saying In
a voice of sharp command: "No! j Not a
servant. His condition must not become
known to the public— not until the doctor
has been here. Go yourself, quietly, and
telephone for tho doctor. See that no serv
ant ccmes here. Hurry, but" be calm."
When she left the room Bannister, big
and powerful, lifted the unconscious form
and gently laid it on a lounge. Then he
stepped Into the room where a maid was
laying afternoon tea service, asktd for a
glass of water, drank It and asked for an
other. This he walked back with, as if
he had not satisfied his thirst. He quick
ly loosened Worthlncton's scarf 'and col
lar, bathed his temples with water, and
soon was able to give him some of It to
drink. Worthington, staring straight up
at the ceiling, feebly felt for the lawyer's
hand and closed his fingers over It In a
little while he whispered In a low, heavy
voice, "Caleb."
"Yes, John."
"Don't leave."
"No. Don't try to talk."
"Did I fall? Did something strike me?"
He was still staring, . with troubled,
frightened eyes, and spoke so low the
lawyer had to bend close to his lips to
hear.
"You were a little faint. * The doctor
will be here soon."
"Nan?"
"Mrs. Worthington is telephoning.
Bhe'll be here directly."
"Don't leave, Caleb."
"No."
"Friend."
The doctor did not call It apoplexy, but
said something about premonitory symp
toms and ga.ve orders for absolute quiet.
Then he talked with Mr. Bannister, and
told his patient that, as soon as his
yacht could be made ready, he must sail
away on" it for a couple of months, at
least, and avoid even the discussion of
business affairs or of any topic that might
distress him.
"I will obey you," the patient said,
"after I have given "Mr. Bannister one
Instruction.!' ¦
"If it relates to the subject under dis
cussion when you were— overcome— I for
bid it," the doctor said.
But he persisted, and told the lawyer
that as soon as the yacht cruise was be
gun Jack was to he informed of his
father's intention regarding the will,
which would be carried out on his return
from the. cruise, if at that time his son's
engagement to Miss Bunton was not an
nounced. '
columns of matter on which his weekly
compensation of one hundred and fifty
dollars was based, but -for; a time made
no complaint that his envelope each week
contained a gradually diminishing sum.
He had started their plans In New York
by giving Grace half his earnings, and
when these became smaller he continued
to give her each week seventy-five dol
lars. -
"What shall I do with It ail," she had
said, at first. "If I have it I'm afraid
that I'll spend It all, and that would be
wicked."
"Save it," answered herbrother. "That's
what I propose to do with a lot of my
naif of this boundless wealth."
But they both found a boundary, and
not very far off. Howard's extravagance
was in books. The shops where his be
loved poets were to be found printed on
such piiper ond bound In such leather as
he deemed worthy of them were attrac
tions he could not withstand. And mu
sic was expensive; always expensive, If
not always good.
rf2« C ,!\t lth "° more deslre to be well
emm 5 V"" 1 , eVery han^ome woman is
entitled to .feel, at first- found an easy
way to dispose of a large part of How
ard s generous allowance in the fairy
shops she passed on her way to the
school. in Twenty-third street. But when
she^ began to learn the life-struggle
stories that were being lived by many
of the students at the school sHe had a
more gratifying use for her good fortune.
It was not easy-At first to find a way to
help the girls she knew were literally
starving, in the struggle to keep in the
school until they had learned enough of
some kind of decorative work to sup
port themselves— and others! But with
Howard's advice, and the help of some
of the older students. Grace managed to
nnd a way to help, where pride was
strong and must not be offended. It was
hecauso he knew how Grace was using
much of her allowance and how deep
ly she enjoyed the privilege to do so. that
Howard would not let her know of the
frequent Shrinkage In his earnings. This
was but a temporary trouble, he thought;
there would be more space In v the paper
after the olectlons. He did not at first
avail himself of Proprietor Faulkner's
offer to set things right if ever they
should go wrong, for he disliked to as
sume the role of a complaining workman.
But a change was made In the "make
up" of the page on which his department
was printed, that cut even his reduced
earnings In half. The width of the col
umns on that page were doubled, and the
number of words which had made a col
umn now made but a half a column.
Howard, therefore. In making out his
weekly bill, charged thirty, instead of fif
teen dollars a column. His bill was re
duced one-half by the auditor. He went
to that official and asked an explanation.
"My instructions are that you are to be
paid at tho rate of fifteen dollars a col
umn,"'tne man said shortly.
"But since my arrangement with Mr.
Carson was made, the width of the col
umns on my page has been doubled. It
takes just twice as much of my matter
to fill it."
. "I have no other Instructions than I
have told you."
Howard went to Mr. Carson.
"Well, Paxton, I don't see exactly what
we can do about that," Carson said. "Our
agreement Is fifteen dollars a column,
and a column Is a column."
"And a thousand words are a thousand
words, not . two thousand words," said
Howard.
"Was anything said In our agreement
about a word rate?" Carson asked with
a smile. *"*
Howard, not trusting himself to speak,
turned and left the room of the manag
ing editor, and sought an Interview with
Mr. Faulkner, the proprietor. But then,
and several times later, he was told that
Mr. Faulkner was engaged. So he wrote
to Faulkner, calling his attention to the
fact that his already reduced , pay had
been cut in two and reminding him of
his request .,to : be told If | there was ! any
trouble. In reply Howard received this
letter, signed by Mr. Faulkner's secre
tary;
"I am instructed by Mr. Faulkner to
stale to you thai! it is impossible- for
him personally to attend to the many
minor details of the several departments
of the paper, but that Mr. Carson will
of course abide by any agreement he has
made with any member of the staff."
It took Howard a long time and a great
deal of hard thinking before he realized
what these experiences meant. He had
had so little to do in his life with com
plete rascals that it was like solving a
problem In an unstudied grade of mathe
matics for him to determine the quantity
of villainy he now encountered. The sim
ple and few rules with which his temper
ament equipped him to Judge badness in
man failed to answer this demand, and
he went to Turnbull for help.
"You said one time that Carson was an
honest man and that you knew it, anil he
knew that you knew It. Do you mind tell
ing me now how much of a thief that re
mark implied Carson to be?" he asked
Turnbull one day.
"Did I make that remark to you?"
Turnbull asked, turning his handsome
face toward Howard with Interest, but
no surprise.
"You did."
"Then, of course, I was drunk at the
time."
"You may have been." Howard replied,
deciding that he would be as frank as he
hoped Turnbull would be.
"Have they begun to rob you?" Turn
bull asked, laying down his pen and push-
Ing his chair back from his desk.
"Yes."
Turnbull looked at his Office mate for
some time In silence and then said. "If
you have finished your work let us go
out on the bridge and take a waik. I am
disposed to tell you a story— a funny
story."
Tho rush hour on the Brooklyn bridge
hnd not yet begun, and most of the peo
ple on the. promenade, were Idle strollers,
though now and then one was seen who
was plainly trying to steady a wavering
spirit, and with mind fixed by calm de
termination—or madness— take the trou
ble-curing leap over the rail into the
river.* It was mid-October, the still air
was like early June, and the beautiful
sister cities on either' side were radiantly
aglow with sunlight.
"Lovely day," Turnbull remarked, as he
stopped in the arch of the first tower to
light a c!gar. "Too fair a world to leave
while life affords a chance to do a kind
ness to a fellow creature, or continue the
pleasure of the acquaintance of two such
honest men as Faulkner and Carson."
He stopped to glance "at his companion,
but Howard knew the man's moods pretty
well now and patiently waited for him to
come to the story he knew he was deter
mined to tell. Often during the past
months Turnbull had shown a half pur
pose to warn Howard, it seemed, or give
him some advice, but always abandoned
the thought with a cynical shrug; and
now Howard saw that he would speak in
his own time and in his own way, so ho
waited confidently. Turnbull approached
the subject a dozen times, but would turn
from It to call attention to some beauty
of the river or bay or the light clouds
over Sta ten. Island, already beginning to
reflect the fire of the low southerly sun.
At last he put his arm through Howard's
and, walking slowly, said: "I came much
as you did. I had not been copied so
much, was not so well known and was
promised less, but the circum
stances were alike. I was less of
an orange, and sooner squeezed.
They began to rob me; they slowly
killed my capacity for work by a thou
sand petty meannesses, and when I could
not do the work I was employed to do;
when I learned that a man whose name Is
associated with the Chronicle is not
wanted on any other paper; when I saw
that I had no remedy In law— for I had
no contract— I thought with Joy of killing
those two men. . But my, dear old mother,
whose aulet days of peace and rest de
pended upon my work, would have had
no more peace or quiet, if I had indulged
in ; the 'luxury, of killing. So I took the
drudgery work they give even a
squeezed orange; but starve as I might,
and slave as I did, there was the prospect
of my mother starving, too, and It was
"Listen to me, John! Listen to ma a
moment!" cried his wife. "It will break
my heart not to have our first-born go on
with his career. Km, no, hear me. If in
a little time— a month— I cannot show you
that the woman you have selected for
Jack's wife Is unworthy of him I will
consent to the marriage, will urge it,
"Oh!" he sneered, "that Is a woman's
reason. Is there any reason a man can
understand? Bannister has no objection."
"He has!" the woman cried desperately,
hoping to gain the aid of the lawyer to
her side. •
"Indeed? Well, Bannister?"
"I again suggest that we postpone this
subject uritll to-morrow."
"And I Insist that we finish the subject
now," Worthington declared, pounding
the arm of his chair feebly.
"I have no advice to give," the lawyer
said, speaking quietly. "But I make this
suggestion: Let me continue my negotia
tions with Bunton a little longer. We may
find something that will make this mar
riage seem less desirable than It does
now. Your doctor has advised a trip to
the Mediterranean on your yacht. Take
that trip now. In the meantime I will
keep at work with Bunton."
"If any one but you had failed In set
tling the matter with Bunton," Worthing
ton said, "I should hope that it might be
settled. But you have failed. That means
that It is a waste of time to continue on
that line. The delay Is most dangerous.
The opposition to my plan Is Billy. I say
It Is silly! My mind Is finally mads up.
I wish to have Jack Informed, and at
once, of my intention In regard to my
will. If he remains disobedient It Is my
duty to the affairs of the family to put
Rupert at once In touch with the interests
be is to control."
She stopped before she finished the
word, perhaps noting- a signal of warning
In the lawyer's eyes.
Her husband, staring at her with rls'ng;
Indignation, said huskily, "Go on. please."
"I do not deny your right to, make any
change in your will, any departure from
the family custom, for which tLere is a
good reason. If Jack were determined to
marry a woman who was objectionable, I
could sympathize with you; but to say to
him. 'You must marry this one woman,*
Is unreasonable, when it goes without
saying that there are many others as
good— better— he might marrv. That is
more than an unreasonable limit upon his
choice. It Is an unjust limit."
"The lack of reasonableness, Nan," her
husband said, speaking slowly, though he
seemed to try to hurry his words, "does
not lie with me. You ignore the peculiar
circumstances that make it entirely rea
sonable for me to demand of Jack this
marriage. But what Is all this pother
about?" he cried, a sudden excitement
pivlng him strength to speak quickly and
sharply. "What Is the objection to the
young lady I have selected? Is she not
as desirable as another?"
"No, she Is not!" Mrs. Worthington de
clared, fast losing control or her feelings.
"Why?"
"Her tastes are common!"
Lnjurt! Why unjust? It Is only my
will that makes Jack the princ'pal hatr
and prospective inheritor of my position
as the manager of our interests. Th^ro
is no law compelling me to name our eld
fat son in that relation. As to the jus
tice. Rupert may have a better claim un
der that head than Jack. RuDert surely
resembles me more than Jack, has inher
ited more of mv men'al qualities and
therefore may be sa :d to promise better
at the head cf the family in'er..-«ts. when
I am gone, than Jack. Why unjust
Nan?" he demanded, raising his voice.
"Unjust." Fhe replied, struggling not to
let any of the rase she felt show In her
tones, "because Jack has been led all his
life to expect to take the place at the
head of affairs; has been specially edu
cated with that view in mind: because
he is ambitious for that career, and
shows capacity for it: because he h«s
fairly entered urjon that career and is
eagerly pursuing it. so that when he la
in^ full charge he will make the name of
Worthington as much respected and hon
ored as It is now hated or des"
"No, Nan. No. no!" but he leaned on
her arm as he went to a chair, saying, "I
am glad that you are here, Bannister. ¦ I
wanted to see you. I did not know that
you were in town."
"I did not go to the office," the lawyer
said.
"I know. I lnnulred. I hoped to «ea
you. I have had a«talk with Jack. On a
personal matter. But I wished your ad
vice. To give you some instructions,
lather, in the same relation."
He spo«.e with an effort: both physical
and mental, it seemed. His head hung
down, and he appeared unable to lift even
his eyes as he talked.
Mr. Bannister had been nearer than
anyone else to the real human being con
cealed In the shell of lnstitutionaltem en
closing John Worthington. He knew
that such as they were, the soul and
sensibilities which distinguish a human
being from a franchise, or a document of
Incorporation, aspired and throbbed after
a manner within that 6hell; and he had
come, after long years of close associa
tion, to feel a sense-of human sympathy
for them— a friendly feeling, strangely
tinged with compassion, sprung— who
knows?— from a consciousness that they
had feebly forced through this bonded,
stocked, syndicated, listed and quoted.
Fhell, and directed toward him. Caleb
Bannister, a living, human sentiment: a
trusting dependence, that makes up In
part the precious "phase of mental dis
position" called affection.
"J think, Worthington," the lawyer said.
'that if you have any business to discuss
we'd better postpone It until to-morrow."
The Great Man shook his head, but not
impatiently, slowly but decisively, and
the lawyer added, "at least until after
dinner. You have been working hard to
day, and look t'red. I'll remain here to
nisht. if Mrs. Worthineton will put me
up."
"I'd like you to remain. Bannister, very
much, but we'll talk now. I'm not 111."
He raised his head with an ' effort. "I
spoke to Jack to-day of my plan for his
marr'age. I wish to sn*«ak to you now,
of that: and you. too, Nan." !
"Yes. John: but not now. Let me have
tea served first, and then you lie down
until dinner. Mr. Bannister will stay all
night, and after dinner we can talk when
you are rested," his wife ureed.
They could not move him from his pur
pose to talk then of the idea dearer to
him than nny other he had ever enter
tained— h's very own. "J am disposed to
discuss this matter, now." he persisted.
"I wish to speak to you both, for It Is a
matter involving all our Interests: busi
ness and family. I failed. In my inter
view with Jack, to sernre his promise to
marry Miss Bunton. My eldest son's at
titude distresses me. Greatly. I have de
cided upon my course. You. Bannister.
must explain to .lack. Coming from you.
our mest trusted adviser, it will Impress
rum differently. Than If h<n mother or I
spoke. I mean. Jack may have a reason
able time to decide. You are to tell him
that. Bann'cter. and this: If he refuses
to comp'y with my wish in this matter
based u.nnn the we!f>r* of the family In
terests—the name of Rupert, my second
son. shall be substituted in mv will for
Jar* s. And Jack's for Rupert's. It will
not be a matter for further discussion,
inu understand. Bannister?"
The lawver bowel assent. H- was
Jookinp at Mrs. Wor'hinpton. sitting
white and motionless, with her hands at
her throat as If she were stlflins a cry.
"And you. Nan. you understand my de
cision." her husbard said, turning his
he,Td heavily, to look at her.
"I have h^ard what you have said, John
but — it is unjust."
"Because I cannot prove It. Let us oon
•14 er the case from Mr. Worthlngton's
viewpoint: Supposing Jack marries Miss
Bunton— is It certain that he would be
unhappy In the relation? A marriage of
convenience, as you suggested, permits
the husband to seek the society of other
women, for th« recreation his home does
not afford. We have known of such
casrs. you and I, when the world, aware
•of the facts, has not been too censorious.
Buch a- marriage would leave Mr. Worth
lngton's will undisturbed and afford Jack
opportunity to achieve the career you so
earnestly hope for him, and which, I am
fcouhd to say. he shows good signs of
winning— If he Is given the opportunity."
"You suggest to me a plan that would
make ray son a faithless husband. You
would not do bo unless you thought me
capable of furthering such a plan. That
•ounds like a very hard Judgment upon
me «« a mother. Mr. Bannister."
¦ "Is It unjust?" he asked quietly.
She was eilent for a time and then an
swered as quietly: "No. I would consent
to such a marriage— urge It If necessary—
rather than give up my ambition for my
oldest son— God forgive me! But the girl!
The girl would bring shame upon us!"
A servant entered and said, "Mr.
TTorthlngton has come. In, madam, and"
asks If you are engaged."
•*Say that I am here with Mr. Bannis
ter and that I should like to see him
liere."
When John Worthington entered the
room a moment later they both noticed
his appearance. The lawyer looked at
him keenly, and his wife went toward him
hurriedly, eaying, "Arje you ill, John?"
But he only bowed a grave assent and
»si(1 no word.
"That Js wh*t I have dreamed of for
my son, my oldest boy. my first-born, my
crly love on earth. Has John Worthing.
ton any right to destroy the dream of
my life, that my son— my son — can make
Come true? This foolish, hideously emp
ty life I live now I endure only because
I hope for the days when my life will be
f 'If d T«1th Pood purpose: when I can help
— af least encourage — my son in being: a
rran; In doing a man's work in the world.
Ha« John Worthington the right to de
prive my boy of the opportunity to do
these things — to gratify the only honor
eHf> ambition of my life?"
Ehr paused, as If expecting the lawyer
to aiswer.
"If your husband asks me to make a
•rhr>.?-jre in h!s will I shall do as he di
rects." he said coolly.
• "Then will you help me to chancre my
he-hand's mind, instead of his will?"
"You want me to advise your husband
not to "Insist on this marriage for Jack?"
"Yes."
'"It is a matter of greater importance
then you could easily understand, that
••tve. should have a practical control of the
ere fields before we take the final steps
\n a combination of certain Interests
large" interests. I will not trouble you
.with, the details, which are many and
complicated: but I will say that we have
never considered a business undertaking
anywhere nearly approaching this in lm
ixjrtar.ee or magnitude. I was the first to
point out that our position would be
fatally "weak if we did not have a prac
t'.caj control of the ore supply. Some
two years ago we seemed to have
thai control; but unexpected develop
inf nts showed that a very large and
cheaply worked deposit of the very
kind of ore vre most desired extended
lnt<5 land having then little known value,
and that land Isaac Bunton owned. We
have offered him very many times what
the property seemed to be worth, but
failed to secure the land. Our negotia
tions could not be kept a secret, and a
rival Interest Is now aware of the weak
ness of our position and Is bidding against
us for this land. Still Bunton refuses to
cell, but has made a proposition to me
that Is so extra va pant we cannot consider
It— much as we need what he offers. I
ha'-e explained all this to you that you
may understand what I now tell you:
Your husband suggested the acquisition
Of the property by the common expedient
known as 'marrying It.' He submitted the
suggestion to me, and " •
"Well!"
"I approved."
"Oh. oh!"
"But. madam, I have changed my
mind."
"Yes, ye*P*
"I should sot again advise your hus-
D&nd as I did. I believe that there Is some
point Involved In the title to that land,
which when It Is revealed would convince
Mr. Worthington that Bunton would not
xsake a desirable connection by mar
riage." ¦
"That Is Mr. Bannister's way of saying
what I said— you believe Bunton Is a ras
cal. Is It not eo?"
. "The inference Is youre; I shall not con
trovert It."
"Then you will help me?"
"Is there not much to consider first.
even admitting 1 the Inference you have
flra wnT.*
"Consider what? Tell John that Bunton
Is a rascal. My husband's actions can be
depended upon where a question of honor
Is -Involved. Burely, sir!"
•• "Surely, madam. But I shall not tell
him that Bunton Is a rascal."
"Wh'y,' la God's name?"
.As she passionately poured forth this
Indictment of her own husband— for the
things her very sr>ul hoped for r her son
wer* the things wherein her husband was
• conspicuous weakling— the lawyer
checked over the counts in the Indict
ment and murmured to himself. "She
knows her husband almost as well as
I <5o."
rr.ped elsewhere that you object to
Worthlngtcm's plans regarding Miss Bun
ton?" , ,
"Are you trying to find out if I would
like to see Jack marry Miss Paxton?"
"I am trying to find out why you want
me to help you to dislodge an idea from
your husband's mind." He said this al
mobt roughly, and so greatly and bo long
had she admired and respected him that
his very roughness Mattered her. It Is not
to the usual woman an intellectual man
»uyt> "stick to the Dolnt." •
"Let n-.e see If I can explain," she said.
•"Does It mean anything to you that I
know thst if Jack could be persuaded to
marry as his father wishes It would wreck
his life?";
"It would mean more If you could tell
me how you know. Weil?"
• "Well. Jack will not marry her. What
c then? fi
¦JWell?"
She again walked the room, her
flushed face gradually paling, until,
when she stopped, and stood close
.before the lawyer, she was white. "If
Jack refuses to obey his father in this
vou:d John alitr his will?" she asked,
her voice trembling.
"I beiieve he would."
"l.'nless he abandons this idea?"
"L'nleFS he abandons this Idea."
"1 wish I were a paujMiri" she cried,
¦inking into a chair.
"If that Is your state of mind, madam,
encourage Jack to marry as he pleases,
and he, at least, will be a pauper—rela
tively."
"But If I, Instead of Jack, could suffer
poverty ! Jack could manage our business
Interests, could he not?"
"He is taking hold of affairs with In
telligent energy."
"Could he not be the rral head of the
fcoube; make a name for himself, alone:
stand before men as a mnn; be respected
tor what he does, not for his income;
form and carry out great plans of pub
lic usefulness and good; be strong for
what is right In our country, because It is
ripht. ar.ii stand for that right without
fear?"
She would not until he had kindly urged
her, then she said, "It's our pay day and
my envelop© was a quarter of a dollar
short."
"Yes, and what was that for?"
'Tin In the circular addressing room,
and the other girls send mo on errands
"Why! It's my cheerful little friend,"
he now said. "You must tell me what
you crying for."
He had often met her in the halls and
elevators; a hunchback, with a wan, worn
face, but his habit of always .greeting her
with a cheerful smile and word had maJe
her smlie In return when they 'met.
Howard stepped Into the hall, and la his
excitement ran Into a little girl, or
woman. He dropped his bundle and
caught her In his arms to save her from
falling and discovered that she was cry-
Ing. "Oh, I'm so sorry!" ho said. "Did
I hurt you?"
"No, sir; no, sir: not a bit," she "re
sponded, checking her sobs.
Howard tossed his bundle onto a chair.
and drew on a loose pair of gloves, but
there was nothing In his manner to warn
Carson of the meaning of this, and he
warmed to his subject. "Our society man
tells me that there Is a big story In that
family, and Bannister's prominence as the
"Worthington lawyer, and Mrs. ' Ban
nister's social prominence, Justifies a big
spread on the story. They say that Ban
nister drives round the country dressed like
a farrmr; but we want more of the home
life. You can't tell us too many details.
What they eat, how they dress at home,
ail about their servants, their talk— why,
we'll give you a page and a half. If you
can fill it. The chief will bo delighted.
Oh, yes! don't forget to tell all about
the eccentricities of Bannister's gypsy
daughter — what's her name? — Madge,
and " « .
The man of slow wrath was aroused, at
last. Howard's gloved fist shot out. and
Carson staggered back against the door,
and slipped to the floor, his face bleed-
Ing.
Howard, seeing red, sprang at him*
but his . arms were held by Turn
bull, who said quietly, "That's
enough. Paxton, Be quiet, I say! You're
scarred him. That's all you wanted to
do. Not malm him! Not a public scan
dal." Then he whispered. "For your
sister to hear," and Howard ceased to
struggle, and turned away.
"You fool!" Turnbull said to Carson.
"Not* to see what you were bringing on
yourself." He helped him to his feet and
wiped the blood from his cheek.
"You're discharged. Paxton!" Carson
cried. "But that isn't all: I'll have a war
rant against you for this cowardly as
sault!"
"Oh, no, you won't!" Turnbull said.
"Now get out."
Carson left the room, and Howard said:
"Thank you for saving me. I could not
help doing what I did."
"Of course not." Turnbull r»olled_
"Good-by." • '.
He spoke roughly, but Howard made no
reply. "But I'm glad I've found you."
Carson continued. "The chief has or
dered your department work discontinued,
but we've decided to give you a chance on
local stories. Fortunately, I've thought
of a rattling story for you to do."
Howard remained silent, looking at th«
man with contempt, and Carson glanced
from him to Turnbull, a little nervously.
But Turnbull seemed to be writing and
paying no heed to the managing editor.
"I hear from our society reporter" that
you have been a frequent visitor at the
Bannisters."
Howard started a little, and Tumbull
swung round in his chair. "Now, what I
want you to do— and It will make a big
hit with the chief— is to write us a Sun
day page story about that family. Go
Into every detail about their eccentrici
ties."
They went to their workroom, where
Howard gathered his belongings, a few
working books, for he had determined to
quit the office at once. He was starting
for the door with his bundle when Car
son entered. "Paxton, I've sent for you
a dozen times. You ought to keep office
hours."
vance of $100. He sneered first: but then
laughed, for he la clever enough to enjoy
a drunken Joke, and told me so. Yes, be
tides telling me that X tu & drunken
Joke, he told m» to leave the office, and
not return. Then I told him what Mr.
Bannister hald told me. I got what I
anked for. I always do. money and work.
But Paxton, I (wear to you by my mother
that I repay with my work every dollar
that I get from Carson. A small solac©
for a miserable wretch: but such as It Is I
wanted you to know. I shall net explain
to you why I have told you of my .shame;
you of all men I should prefer not to
know. But It Is better for you to know
why you must leave that office than that
you should continue to think me a man
fit to speak to. If you can, without vio
lence to your conscience, refrain from
telling your sister what manner of man I
am, I shall be repaid for the struggle It
has cost to expose myself to you that you
may escape from that settlement of moral
lepers before despondency and despera
tion sap even your strong moral fiber."
As Turnbull finished his story, they
reached the Brooklyn pier of the bridge,
and as they turned to walk back his com
panion dropped Howard's arm, and
they walked on for some time In
silence. Howard spoke first. say-
Ing thoughtfully, "Tell me again,
please, about the money and work you
get from the paper."
Turnbull looked up hopefully at the
words, and answered eagerly, "I hold a
whip over the men who. by galling mean
ness and dishonesty, have nearly driven
me to suicide. They have killed somo
men that way. I crack that whip — and I
firmly believe Mr. Eannlster put It Into
my hands for that purpose— to make them
give me work. I will have work, and I
wl!l have all the money I earn by It, and
have it when I want It. That Is all. It is
a petty use of my power, If you like, but
it Is not dishonest— not by the standard
of morals which must be adopted by any
one dealing with them. I do rood work;
•work that would sell in any other office.
If I was not barred in all other offices. I
am not defending my course, but I want
you to understand that I do not take a
dollar that I do not earn."
"I do not believe," Howard *a!d slow
ly, "that I Judge your actions as harshly
as you do yourself."
"Thank you," Turnbull said.
Carson— In drink— and asked for an ad-
not agreeable. Really, Paxton, It wasn t.
runny story. Isn't It? Then I took to
walking this bridge— like that hunted
looking; fellow, gazing at the rtver— but
It, won't do, when one has a dear woman,
mother or sister, depending: upon his cour-
Ut, to do so cowardly a thins as to gaze
at that water until Its call becomes Irre
sistible.
"One day I learned facts about a cer
tain corporation which. If published,
would cause the corporation annoyance
and" loss. I wrote the Btory. I was toM
that it was a line story, and was allowed
to collect pay for It. though It was never
printed. Soon afterward I was sent to
see Caleb Bannister about a proposed Iron
combine, and he. with a frankness that
Is characteristic of him, told me that he
had recently withdrawn as counsel for a
corporation because Its officers refused to
act on his advice to resist a Chronicle
blackmailing scheme. That explains it
self to you, of course: It was the story I
wrote that Carson took to .the corpora
tion, and demanded huah money fo*.
Bannister advised against payment, but
the officers were timid; and that corpora
tion Is now numbered among the many
that pay regular blackmail to Mr. Faulk
ner, and pay Irregular tribute to the hon
est Carson,' also. "Well, one day when I
had no money to buy food %1th, but still
had friends to buy me drink, I went to
becaA© It tires mo to sit long."
"Yes. I've Been you. You go after their
coffe© and sandwiches."
"Yes, »lr. Mr. Carson saw me on one of
errands, and asked me why I was not at
work. I told him the rlrls had permis
sion to send to th© restaurant for, coffee
when they worked over hours — they get
no extra pay for It— but he said It was
his business to stop the idling: around the
place, and he took 2o cents out 9t my
wages. The clerk told me that It was
him that ordered It out."
"Quite likely." sai«l Howard, feeling for
his purse. . *-
"I wouldn't care so much." th» girl con
tinued with a frt'sh burst of tears, "only
that my sister Isn't dancing, and brother
Harry isn't selling so much sea food, and:
they depended on my wages to pay th©
week's rent. You see my wages ar© S3 a
week, and that's Just the rent, and I don't
know what well do now that I have-on^r
$2 75 to tak© home."
"Now I'll tell you what we'll do." How
ard said confidentially, "and no on« but
you and I will know anything about It:
I'll give you this, which will make up.
for Mr. Carson's thrifty regard for Sir.
Faulkner's Interests."
K© gave th© child-woman a dollar bill,
which, however. «h© accepted only After
Howard agreed to let h«r repay It. wtan'
¦h© had saved It out of her wa»«*. »*w
weeks when brother Harry' » •«* feo4&
trad© was good and sister Bessie Vy.\
dancing."
"But." laid Howard, shxkloi baatfs
with her. "you must promls* to let bm
know If Mr. Carson cuts down your pa?
again. In bis seal for economy, an4 jxm
need another small loan."
"I -will, thank you. Mr. Faxtoa." ¦&•
said earnestly.
"Oh, you know my nam«f What iM
youss?"
"Nora. s!r: Nora Day. Tne r»a*on X
want to return this to yoa U— ts"—
She stopped, confused. ~ ' J
"Is what. Nora?" >
"Perhaps I oughtn't to tell, sir, bat a
girl In our room knows a typewriting gii}*
In Mr. Carson's department, and we've
heard that your pay has been cut. too.
Mr. Carson makes a list of all th© sum* '
h« stops out of pay envelopes each week
and sends It to Mr. Faulkner, to sh**?
how smart h© Is. Anyway, that's the
story th© typewriter girl tails th* girl In
our room." •
"Well, Nora," Howard said, «"ffl»f bit*
terly as h© saw th© glrl'.i fear. rr«n u
she whispered th© names of Carsoa and*"
Faulkner, "we must not gossip about susa..
great and good men. lest we do them an
Injustice." •
"No, sir," she said, "only that's ti-«
talk all over th© offlce. You've mad© me*
very happy, Mr. Paxton; for now I*v«f*
enough for the rent, and something over
for food." * •
Howard watched her crooked little fljhv
ure hobble down the hall, and then h*>
quietly opened the door and re-entered h!».
old workroom. Turnbull was seated at
his desk, his head resting on bis arra>*
as If h© slept, but at the sound of How
ard's step h© said, without looking up,.,
"Come back for something, Paxton?"
"Yes," Howard ar.3wered, laying *> hand
on the other's shoulder. "I've come back
to say that I don't blam© you for uslr<
the Information Mr. Bannister gavo you,
to force these people to let you work, ar-a
to pay for the work you do."
Turnbull raised hla head and nodded
pleasantly, but did not speak. Then How
ard left the oGlce. never to enter It agair?.
He walked briskly and confidently to thj
office of th© Guardian. He had noteu*.
what Turnbull said about no reputable
paper employing a man who had worked
on the utafT of th© Chronicle, but It did? ;
not enter his mind that this rule was
general. He easily understood that sue?
a rule might be Quoted to Turnbull, 'c
save hjs feelings, by a considerate editor
of any paper to whom Turnbull applied"*
for work. When h© was sober Turnbull
did good work and was reliable. BvK
at times, and they were likely to be times
when he was most depended upon, h»
would disappear not only from the office
but from the city, or at least from th'©
sight of all who knew hlw. Howard hacj,
more than once sought Turnbull at such
times and taken car© of him. finding him
less difficult to manage than did most
men. This unfortunate falling of th* mart*
was known in all newspaper oCo*# and./
would dose their doors to him, as How**
ard knew; bo he did not apply Turnbull' s
experience in seeking employment to him
self. £
With a feeling of elation he had e:*»
experienced for weeks, he want to ttts>
Guardian office and sent hla c-ird
to the managing editor. Th© waX- -
ing space for visitor* was sepa
rated from the main editorial rooro
by a rail only, and Howard saw a num
ber of men quietly at work, quit© a dif
ferent class of men from those on th*
Chronicle, working In a very different at
mosphere. Some, whom he had met at >
the club, nodded to him pleasantly,. and '
two or three came to th© rail to speak j
to him.
When he was told that th* managing
editor would see him. he found that gen
tleman. Mr. Prince, seated at a desk in,
the main room. He greeted Howard -i
a way which sent his already refreshed
spirits soaring. "You've not been neigh
borly, Mr. Paxton," Mr. Prino* • said,
pointing to a visitor's chair by th* aid*
of his desk. "Draw up that chairs there's
something I want to *e* yoa about par
ticularly. I'm glad to know you. for you
wrote me a very nice letter from White
River, though your decision wu not
what we hoped for."
"My decision was not based on a yvrr
good knowledge of newspaper offices
here," Howard said.
Mr. Prince looked at Mm sharply tor
an instant, seemed to be relieved at How
ard's confident smile, and continued.
"Let* me explain my especial reason for
wanting to see you, before I forget; n>3
club is to give soon Its annual authcraj
reading night. The committee has asked
me to secure you. There will be no pro
fessional entertainers, you understand,
and you will be the guest of th© club at
dinner, if you will accept our invitation, H
and be asked to read only one or two se
lections of your verses. How does th©
Idea strike you?"
"Very pleasantly," Howard replied,
beaming, "that is, if you think I can -
blunder through my verses acceptably."
"Then that's settled; I'll tell the .com
mittee to count on you. You'll receive it* ]
formal invitation shortly. Now tell "me—
how do you find New York and 'live Jour- .
nallsm?" " . •
"That Is what I've com© to speak Jto
you about," Howard said, and ' Sir.
Prince's face clouded at tho words. "l'\e_,
com© to otter my services to you."
Howard saw hla answer before* It waa
spoken. An unmistakable look of distress
came Into Mr. Prince's kindly face, and
ho was silent a moment before ho Said,
lowering his voice, so that It would not
be overheard by others In the roost-:
"Mr. Paxton. I arn sincerely sorry to have
to tell you this; I have not th© power to
make a single exception to a rule, mad a
by the proprietor of this paper, that no
man who has ever worked on the Chron
icle can ever be employed here. I wUl ''
say frankly that if It were possible to
mako an exception I would- gladly make'.
one in your case."
There was a touch of pity in his vole©
that was intolerable to Howard and ho'
ros© quickly, saying, "I thank you*
Good-day." and left tha room. JS
He was seized by a panic of fear whin I
he reached the street. "Grace!" Besides u
his earnings he had already used up half 1
of their fortune of J1OOQ he had brought 1
from "Whit* River. He lashed hlmaslf I
THE SUNDAY CALL.
. Howard Paxton's position on the, staff
of the Chronicle was not so much altered
during the summer months. Sometimes
a few paragraphs of his comments on
current events were left' out," or som«
verses on which he had done hard work
failed to appear, and his weekly bills
were reduced to the extent of the unused
matter. He never failed to write the tea
10pitilessly for his extravagances. He
would at once give the remaining $500 of
the money In bank to Grace, and before
that was gone he would surely be earning
enough to support her as she bad
been living. Would he? The doubt
chilled his heart! He walked the
streets for . hours, cursing his
stupidity in having made his first step In
New York without advice; questioning,
questioning, how to keep from Grace a
knowledge of this reverse of fortune;
"striving, until his mind became numb, to
fix upon a scheme of ready-selling work
to tide his affairs along until he could
make new connections; torturing himself
with the thought of Grace, her beloved
6tudies abandoned, her pleasant home
given up. struggling with him in pov
erty; sweet-hearted and uncomplaining,
of course, but for that very reason all
the greater reproach to him! He went
to his room and tried to write — anything
—but Invention was dead. Then he pack
ed his belongings and went out to search
1 for a cheap room to move into, and find
ing one, engaged It but when asked for a
deposit of a week's rent found that the
dollar be had given Nora Day was the
last money he had. "I will call to
morrow." h« said, and walked away.
Mr. Faulkner was Inclined to b« amus
ed at Mr. Carson's story of Paxton's rage
and assault when the angry managing
editor went to the Chief for sympathy.
"But never mind, Carson," he said. "Just
keep Paxton's bills down lower and low
er until he feels the pinch, until he goes
to bed hungry a few times, and then he
won't be so high-spirited about refusing
to do that line of work. The Bannister
story will keep until Paxton's hungry."
"I discharged him." Carson cried tn
alarm.
"Discharged him!" cried the Chief
angrily. "Who told you to discharge'
him? I told you to pull him down until
he was ready to do whatever work 1
wanted him to do. You damned fool!
Don't you know that he's a first-class
special writer? The Sunday editor tells
me he has several times finished stories
that Turnbull left unfinished, and that his
work is rattling good stuff. He's the only
man left on the paper who has any'de
cent social connections in the city, and
we must not lose hhp until he's worn out
those connections. I want that man back!
Do you understand V
"He won't come back." muttered Car
son.
"Why?"
"Turnbull tells me that he was going
anyway, before I discharged him! and
'that he's the kind of man we couldn't
starve Into the work we- wanted of him."
"Bah!" cried the proprietor. "I. could
have done It See that you don't make
another mistake like that, Carson. You're
not the only man. on the paper who wants
the Job you hold now."
Carson slunk out of the presence of the
Chief, glad to get off as lightly as he
did, and the Chief returned to the com
position of an editorial. That work of
his own hand and brain was printed in
the Chronicle the next morning. It
was a passionate appeal for the rights
of the laboring man. It condemned,
scathingly, the heartless employer of
wage-earners who falls to share gener
ously with his workmen the profits of
their toll; pictured the nobleness of labor
la tender and glowing colors; and hinted
that If capital refused to grant the ut
most demand of labor, that refusal was
a Justification for the use of force to
compel compliance.
But the lot of the poor is not always
bs unhappy as the able editorial of Mr.
Faulkner wauld have it appear. The llt
the two-room home of Bessie and Nora
I»ay, and Smiling- Harry, the sea food
man. was not unhappy that- night The
rent was paid and Nora brought home
some meat and tea and bread and butter,
to make such an unusually plentiful meal
that happiness reigned at that family
cupper table, at least
XIV— IN SOCIETY.
Isaac Bunton's affairs seemed to pros
per; he was an optimist In the stock mar
ket, end, "operating for a rise," as Wall
street phrased it was successful in a
measure th,at gained for him considerable
notoriety. But in the fall of the year,
when Howard Paxton severed his connec
tion with the Chronicle, although there
was a stock market which rejoiced the
"Bulls" generally, there were certain
etocks which Btxanjelv failed to respond
to the common upwanTtendency of prices,
and they were the stocks la which Bun
ton was most interested. His dealings
had been, as usual, based upon a close
Ftudy of conditions, and those conditions
favorably affected many shares, but sel
dom the ones he selected to speculate in.
He was not an unsuspecting "Lamb";
and giving keen attention to a suspicion
that an influence was at work upon the
prices of shares he was known to favor,
he was convinced that his suspicions were
Justified. He knew that there was a pro
cess practiced in the street known as
"shaking out" the holdings of weak or
undesirable operators, but he did not be
lieve, for a time, that the was the opera,
tor aimed at in the depressing Influence
at work on his line of purchases. But
when be made some experimental pur
chases and sales, so openly 'that the
whole street knew of them, they were so
invariably followed by movements in the
prices unfavorable to him that he was
forced to the disquieting conclusion
that he was the marked person. This dis
turbed him greatly. He knew that his
dealings were not of sufficient magnitude
to disturb th* plans of any of the great
powers in the street and his uneasiness
Increased as he sought for a possible mo
tive for these attacks on him. His guilty
conscience answered the question. There
could be but one reason for these as
saults on his finances: to force him to dis
pose of the mining land he had so per
tinently refused to part with.
That subject was seldom out of his
mind, sleeping or waking. A thousand
times he had considered the possibility
of the truth being discovered If he should
take the risk and boldly affix his signa
ture, as owner, to a deed of sale to, the
land. It would end his persecution In the
Btreet; It would at once place him in com
mand of capital to operate on a larger
scale; it would put him in friendly rela
tion with a powerful interest; It would
give him almost an assurance of success
In the field to which his temperament and
ambition led him. But?— his tortured
Imagination invariably dragged him, at
the end of every such thought, to the
scene of the wreck the night he followed
Harry Lawton on the Valley Railroad.
He blamed himself for having made too
ellgbt an investigation of Che charred
and blackened effects found near <Harry*s
body. H* had too readily taken it for
granted that the deed showing that Dr.
Paxton had bought and paid for the min
ing land was In either the coat Harry
wore, or the satchel he carried, and there
for* destroyed. It was possible, he now
thought that Harry might have bought
clothes that required another satchel; the
deed may have been in that and that not
destroyed; the body whose hand clung to
the old satchel identified as Harry's
mlgnt not hav« worn an overcoat and
Harry's coat, with tho deed In Its pocket,
might hare been found afterward, scarce-
ly Injured, and be in existence now. Bun
ton recalled some of the mysteries of the
wreck— a baby taken from a burning car,
asleep, unhuft, its dainty clothing not
even smoke-stained; a half-burned valise
found to contain a bunch of unlgnlttd
matches. Thoughts of these strange
things, all pointing to the possibility of
the deed being 4 still in existence, un
injured, and likely at any time to be dis
covered and come into publicity, racked
his dreams and harassed his waking
hours.
He should have remained at the scene
of the wreck until he had secured the
deed. If it existed, or had proof of its de
struction. Then he would eay to him
eelf—trying not to say it, but still say
ing it with awful, deliberate calmness—
"But you did not intend to conctal the
fact then, did you?" He would not give
himself an answer; but would take up the
possibility of discovery, should he give a.
new, false deed. He would go through a
scene In court, he on the witness stand.
Lawyer Bannister cross-examining him.
He rehearsed answers, even the voice and
look with which he would give them..
Sometimes, for weeks, he would rid his
mind of fear; laugh at the fantastic
Imaginings which had tormented him;
then something— a newspaper story of a
train wreck, with strange escapes; or a
story" of long-lost articles being oddly
found— would bring back the whole dismal
flood of doubts and tears, until he won
dered that he could keep from crying out ;
his guilt to the world. During one such
stress of conscience, he made up his mind
that the only escape from bis Intoler
able situation was tne marriage of
Daisy to young Worthington. He Jug
gled with the thought of this plan until
he believed that there would be no sin,
legal or moral, in giving to his own
daughter what he might not. with busi
ness deliberation and intention of profit
eell to another. He clung to. the thought
and hope that there might not be any
necessity for a formal transfer of the
property. Worthington, with his assur
ance that the land was " in the family,"
•would go ahead with the iron combine,
and not require that signature to a deed
which would fix a crime on Isaac Bun
ton. Here at last was a way out of his
trouble. He thought of consulting Mr.
Bannister, but shrank from an interview
which might arouse the lawyer's sus
picions. -He would now insist with Daisy
upon which he had as yet only proposed:
her marriage to Jack Worthington. He
spoke to his wife about it. "Carrie," he
said. "I've told you that Mr. ¦ Worthing
ton favors his son's marriage with Daisy;,
why can't that be brought about 3*'
"Why?" she asked In reply, looking
at him wearily. Her friendless life, her
client sorrow over the loss of her hus
band's companionship— his moody ab
straction had killed their companionship
—her unspoken dread about Daisy's will
ful behavior had wrecked her happi
ness. But he did not know. .
"I wonder you ask that, Carrie!" he
said irritably. "Here you are established
In New York society, and happily so.
Through whose Influence? Mrs. Worth
lngton's. Why not fix our place In so
ciety here, beyond any doubt and finally,
through this marriage?"
"Isaac," she said, and in so sad a voice
that he looked at her sharply, and was
annoyed ib see tears in her eyes, "you
are not' deceived about our position,
here?" -
"What do you mean?" he said, his voice
sharpened by sudden suspicion.
"I mean," she said, "that we are not In
society here, "as It Is called. We have
not a friend here— I have not You don't
suppose that ail this foolish business of
going to balls and giving them, of going
to dinners and giving them, is having
anything to do with society here? There
la a society here, as there Is in every
community, and a pleasant one, no doubt;
but It is for those born here, those who
have common interests grown up with a
life-long friendship; for those who have
Intimate associations, ambitions, and pur
poses alike. That is what makes so
ciety here, as It does in White River—
anywhere— there is no difference. We
have nothing to do with that— cannot
have. The women I have met -who are
worth knowing give me Just so much
recognition as they are required to by
their husbands, to promote their hus
bands' Interests. There Is not much pre
tense about It. I understand it and they
make no effort to assume that It is oth
erwise. But what have I— has any wo
man like me— to do with the plans, as
sociations, friendships, that make their
real society— nothing! The women who
are not worth knowing give me as much
of their time and attention as they de
termine our entertainments to be worth.
There is very little more pretense about
them than the others. Neither class af
fords me or Daisy any society that is
worth the trouble of securing. That is
the place we occupy here; the place every
other stranger equally 'In society* occu
pies, though they may pretend — but never
believe — otherwise."
"Well, I declare, Carrie, you draw a
doleful picture; though It costs enough to
be a better one — to amount to something,"
her husband exclaimed.
"Yes, it .amounts to- something. It
amounts to' this: that I am so lonely, so
friendless that— oh, Isaac, can't we go
home? Let us return to White River,
where we arm known and respected for
what we are; where we have real friends
and where your businss does not distract
your mind from everything that used to
make our home happy; where I have In
terests and occupations ' that never, leave
me so lonely that I seem to have lost
both husband and child. Oh, my dear
husband, may we not go home?" she
cried. -
"Carrie, Carrie dear, I didn't know It
was like that I— I am very busy, I
know, and affairs are not Just right with
me now; but all that will be straightened
out soon; and then I'll have time to go
around with you and we'll see things and
do things together— I've always meant
that But Carrie, I've not explained all
that I should to you; this marriage will
help me in my. business. Worthington is
the head of a powerful interest here and
with his eon married to Daisy I could—
naturally would— go into the iron com
bine under very favorable conditions.
What do you say to that?"
"What can I say, Isaac? Young Worth
ington pays some attention to Daisy, but
no more, I suppose, than he does to many
other girls; no more, certainly, than other
young men pay to Daisy. What do you
wish me to do?"
"Well that is a wonman's business," he
said, taking her hand and patting It— and
feeling a knife thrust in his heart seeing
her flush with pleasure at his action.
"You'll be clever about that, as you are
about everything. Can't you bring them
more together? You can't be accused of
fortune hunting, as Daisy will have a
fortune of her own; and youngr Worthlng
ton's father favors the match."
"I'll do what I can. I want to see Daisy
married and settled down. Isaac." she
continued, after a pause, "Daisy's be-'
havior troubles me. She has made ac
quaintances that I don't approve; men
and women she doesn't Invite here and
whom she can tell me nothing about ex
cept that they are 'Jolly people/ who keep
her from being bored to death here. I
don't know how to keep her out of their
company." /
'/By always going -with her, of course,"
her husband replied. *
"If I insist upon that she rebels and
threatens to take her rightful name, Mrs.
Harry Lawton."
Isaac Bunton winced. "Doesn't she for
get that man?", he cried.
"Forget him! She cherishes everything
she has which was once his, -as I would
cherish what had been hers ."If -she were
dead. She loves his* memory — it is the
only thing she does love, I fear," the
mother said with a sigh.
XV-LOVE IS BLIND INDEED.
Another discussion of this proposed mar
riage took place a little time before the
talk between Mr. and Mrs. Bunton. Ca
leb Bannister, in his office in the building
devoted to. the affairs of the, Worthing
ton Interests, sent a clerk to inquire of
Jack Worthington when It would be con
venient for him to see the chief counsel
privately.
In reply to tho message young Mr.
Worthington announced himself.
"I should . have come to you. Jack. In
your father's absence you are the head
here, and you must make us old servants
stand around," the lawyer said.
"I'll let you come to me," Jack replied,
laughing, "when I cease to regard you
as J.he real head here. Is there some
business up to-day?"
"Um. we may decide to call It business.
Anyway, It's private," the' lawyer said,
leading the way to an inner room, where
they were alone. "Jack, you know that
3 our'father has a plan concerning your
marriage." . / .
"Oh", yes!" the young man answered
with a smile, "the haughty beauty from
out of the West"
"Is Miss "Bunton a haughty beauty?"
"She is certainly a beaut>, and looks
haughty. I suppose that does as well as
the real thing. But, Mr. -Bannister, father
didn't speak to me again on that subject
before he started on the cruise, and so I
concluded that he wasn't very serious
about It"
"He did not speak to you again for -the
same reason that we did not tell you the
cause of his Illness.". .•
"Mr. BanniBter! You don't mean"—
"I mean that If we had told you the
cause of your father's lflness you would
have gone to him, and that
encounter would have been dangerous—
as it would have been for him to speak
to you again. Your father considers this
matter very seriously, Jack."
"He told me bo much, sir; but I did not
understand— Mr. Bannister, what am I to
understand?" \
__ "Your question makes it easy for me to
place the whole situation before you
plainly."
"Which I wish you to d^, sir." He
spoke soberly now, for* he saw that the
lawyer had In truth a serious matter to
lay before him. "What is it, Mr. Ban
nister?"
-"It is this, Jack: your father, for busi
ness reasons which I know you fully un
derstand, for you've had to do with our
efforts to close up that iron affair,. wants
to see Miss Bunton your wife."
"Yes, sir, that I understand. I ex
plained to father my reason for not want-
Ing to try to gal* Miss Bunton's consent
to marry me, If I could do so. What else
is there?"
"What else was there?"
"Nothing. I noticed that father did not
look well, and urged him to go home —
why. it was the very day he was taken
so ill."
"Yes, Jack, It was." Your father talked
the matter over with your: mother and
me when he went home— I chanced to be
there. His mind was finally made up
then, and when he recovered he repeated
instructions to me which he had given
before his illness began."
"I assume, from your manner, that
those instructions relate to me."
"They do. Your father has. Instructed
me that, in the event of your noKhaving
offered marriage to Miss Bunton by the
time of bis return, I am to alter his will;
in effect, to provide that Rupert shall
have the control of affairs, after ¦ your
father's death. Instead of you, and that
you are to be so Informed."
The lawyer made this statement slowly
and distinctly, and apparently with no
more personal interest in the matter than
if it had related to a purchase of one kind
of bonds, rather than another. The young
man was dazed; for a minute he did not
understand the words so calmly spoken.
He was very grave, /when from the con
fused rush of amazement his mind sin
gled out the one big fact— tnat his life's
work, . prospects, ambitions were threat
ened. ' Then he slowly flushed, as he
spoke the first thought that 'came: "Did
my mother approve?"
"There Is no need of my telling you of
your mother's fee line toward you; how
her hopes and ambitions are wrapped up
In your career."
"But, Blr, you do not answer my ques
tion."
"Nor do I Intend to. Jack. It is not my
duty to say one word to influence your
decision, one way or the other. Your
father instructed me to give you this in
formation. I do so."
"You do so as „ our lawyer, but you are
more than that to me," the young man
cried Impulsively. "You can't pretend to
be Indifferent to my prospects, you who
have been so good a friend to me since
your own son and I played together.
Why, Mr. Bannister, this Is a terrible, an
unjust condition to put upo.i me. I have
already spent hard years of study and
work, trying to master tho problems the
head of our interests should be familiar
with. You, and our other^ advisers, have
been kind enough to say that I show
promise of succeeding. That has encour
aged me, and urged me on to harder
work, to closer application, to the study
of plans reaching far into the future —
plans that have expanded in many direc
tions (beyond the merely commercial and
industrial limits of our interests, and in
clude many forms of public usefulness
and good, and philanthropy that would
be wise because you have advised me—
but. all this time there has been no word
that my continuance in this work de
pended on my marrying according to my
father's fancies. Why, Mr. Bannister,
this is trivial— unworthy, of my father t".
He spoke rapidly and disconnectedly. He
had never before tried to formulate those
things -- plans, opportunities, Ideals,
which made up the seemingly assured
picture of his future. He felt an intense,
sturdy resolve in the big purposes of his
life; purposes which . his nature: would
have formed unaided, but which had been
nourished by the sympathetic ambition of
his mother, and skillfully directed by the
man who now listened to him. "Why,
Mr. Bannister," he continued, after a
pause, as If expecting \ the lawVer to
speak,' "every plan of my life— except one
— is wrapped up in the certainty of taking
up this work for which I have been edu
cated, "and in which "all my hopes and am
bitions—except . one— are centered. , But
tha one exception . makes it im
possible for me to agree to my
father's wish." H« paused again, but the
lawyer only bowed, as If to' say that he
was prepared to hear more, If Jack
wanted j* to go on. His attention was
amply paid for. "Do you advise this mar
riage?" the young man abruptly, asked.
_ "I only , advise here on. business."
"It appears that this is to be a busi
ness affair. In that view— wiir you ad-.
"Mr." Bannister, ¦ I expected more friend
liness from you," Jack said warmly. "I
thought you agreed with my . Ideals—any
way, sympathized with my* mother's am
bitions for a greater; wiser use of ' our
fortune. \ Must you be only the lawyer
even to me?" .
The color in Mr. Bannister's face slow
ly deepened a little, but he answered
coolly, "Jack, you have no right to - ask
my, personal views in this matter. I do
not say that I have^ any, but if I had I
should not disclose them, Inasmuch as
your father has a perfect right to give
the Instructions Vas to his will -when 1
have explained to you. The. objections
you have urged here have not been very
reasonable— not at all so, in truth. >You
protest that It would be unfair to cut
you off from the future on which your
mind and heart, too, set so much store.
Yet you urge no reason why you should
not comply with a'wigh'of your father's
which will assure that future to you."
It puzzled the young man that he was
not understood, but he plunged on: "In-,
sist as you may that you are the lawyer
and nothing else here, I shall consider
you as. something more. You* are the
father of my friend George: you" have
often been my host and seen me in the
company of Miss Gertrude Paxton. I
love her. If I am. so fortunate as to gain
her promise to marry me, I shall con
sider "myself the most fortunate man on
earth. There can be no sacrifice I shall
not cheerfully make, if necessary, to
make her my wife. That is all, I sup
pose, that you require to know, for your
authority to alter my father's will."
The lawyer controlled a desire to con
gratulate the youth who spoke these ro
mantic words, and his heaving calm fea
tures displayed only professional inter
est, and not much- of that, as he -said,:
"No need of anticipating your fate. Jack.
I am not to make the change In the will
until after your father's return. In the
meantime I was only to inform you. The
complexion of affairs may alter. It Is
possible — I "do. not ask for your con
fidence—that you may fall to secure Miss
Paxtori's promise. Or have you already
secured it?"
"No, sir," Jack replied, flushing. "I
have nothing but— hope!" ': -
"The change in the "will would be a
heavy blow to your mother's ambitions,
as well as to yours.".
"To be sure, sir. To take the role Ru
pert was destined for— and which he
would have been happy In— a life of aim
less idleness,' Ib a sacrifice for me. I
would bo more content to start with
nothing but liberty to work; to make a
name; but even that liberty Is ,denled
to Rupert, and will be to me. My father,
for a whim, | deprives . my life of every
purpose, ambition, hope that he can con
trol. But I have . my own, of .which he
cannot deprive me; the hope of winning'
Miss Paxton and the purpose of making
myself worthy of her."
"And If you fall' to win her?" jj
"There." said Jack, smiling, "I. refuse
to consider, failure.. But if you mean to
ask If I have any objections that would
have interfered^Jgifi my father's plans, if
I hod never .;JenoWfc^Mlss Paxton. I as
sure you thatllrhave.no/such objections."
: "Then, 1 ,", said' Mr:'Bannlster, smiling for
the first time, -."your father's plans will be
favored jby Miss^|axtbn's obdurate heart
—If it is so pecunfrfi as to, remain obdurate
when you : make : your * appeal. " Shall we
leave the matter, In" that": shape?"
"As you,llke,~fsir," Jack said, and went
back to his ownTofflces. , ; ."«
A little 'aftesv.4.' o'clock he drove to the
corner of Broadway .' and Twenty-third
street. Leaving his cab there he strolled
west on the street, and had passed Sixth
avenue when he was observed by a young
woman walking toward him, who said in
a tone of surprise that was too great to
be real. "Why, Grace! There is Jack
Worthington strolling this way. Isn't it
funny how often he happens to stroll
along this way. at exactly this hour? I
suppose the shops attract him. What
flower is that in his coat? A little white
chrysanthemum. I've forgot the meaning
of that modest bloom. What is it,! Grace?
Goodness! Don't glare at me as if I'd
done something wicked. Now he's begin
ning to look preoccupied, and see every
mortal girl on the block except you, al
though he saw me miles and miles away."
"Florence Hartley, do stop talking non
sense!" Grace Paxton cried. : ,
"Oh, I'm talking nonsense, am I? In
deed, if my young man-wants to happen
along this way as I come from the school,
I'll thank you not to call it nonsense.' i You
know that Mr. Worthington comes 'to
meet me. for I knew him long before you
did. Now, don't 'blush like .that' You
make me look ridiculous!" ; •
"Oh, Florence, do stop, .please, he'll
hear us."
"Do him good," persisted the irrepres
sible Florence. "Now in about three
strides more he'll have the surprise of his
life — he'll discover us."
And in about three strides more Jack
suddenly discovered the* young women,
and managed to look much more sur
prised than the encounter .'. warranted, in
view of the fact that a similar one oc
curred at that place and hour not less
often than three times a week. \
"Oh, Mr. Worthington! You gave me
such a surprise," exclaimed Florence.
"One. so seldom meets any one one knows
this side of Sixth avenue. Were you go
ing down to the ferry, or to see which
way the tide runs in the North River?"
."I'm going to walk back to the avenue
with you, If you'll let me," Jack re
sponded.
"You may." Grace »ald. "if you'll prom
ise to do something dreadful to Miss
Hartley." l ;- ;.
"I might buy her some violets. How
would that do?" ;..: ... v
"I'd prefer tea and Jam. if I am to be
consulted about my punishment"
"Oh, could we?" Jack exclaimed de
!!f «. d " ' " Tnank you *°r the suggestion.
If Miss Paxton admits that you've not
been very bad, I'll make the punishment
tea and violets."
s.'Tve been good," calmiy replied Miss
Hartley, jg "I was pointing out to Miss
Paxton how you always see all the other
girls coming fjom school before you see
us. We are taught to observe closely at
the school, and I call it good to practice
what we're taught"
. ; "Florence. Florence!" exclaimed Grace,
in despair. • "
"Miss Hartley is right," Jack said. "I've
noticed a ¦' number of the young women
from the school. Is photography a part
of. applied design? Most of them carried
cameras."
"Lunch baskets," .... explained Grace.
"Take the machinery, out of a camera
and the case makes a very good and de
ceptive lunch box. We carry., paper bags.
Miss Hartley and I, not having cameras."
"Nor being proud," added- Florence.
"But how about the lunchroom at the
school?" asked Jack, who was accumu-
latins much Information onjjitf subject"
"Not satisfying," Grace said.
"And -too expensive," Florence amend
ed. "Tomato soup— always . tomato— five
cents: cocoa, five cents, and bread two
cents."
"Expensive," Jack admitted, "and lim
ited." \
"Qh, there's cake once a week!"- Grace
said. "But two hundred and fifty girls,
all hungry, and one cake are out of draw
ing somehow." '
"And, anyway," Florence commented,
"when a fellow has spent five cents for
soup— always tomato— or five cents for
cocoa and two cents for bread a fellow
has gone about as far as a fellow can
afford."
"You are not being a serious fellow,
Miss Hartley." Jack said, looking at her
with a doubtm* smile, "when you say
tnat some of the young women are re
stricted to seven cents' worth of lunch
largely liquid?" /
"Ask Miss Paxton."
"Florence !"• said Grace In a warning
"Oh, bother!" exclaimed plain spoken
Miss Hartley. "What are you frightened
about? Mr. Worthington isn't going to
tell on you. If it were not for Grace
Paxton there would be girls in the school
who would go without even seven cents'
worth of lunch— without a thing to cook
in their, 'light housekeeping.' without a
room to do that housekeeping in.* There!
I feel better. Mr. Jack Worthington. that
you know at last that such things exist.
It'll do you good to know that there are
honest girls who almost starve to death
trying to fit. themselves to earn' a living."
"It'll do me a lot more good If you"ll
tell me how to help such women. There
arc people in New York who'd feel it a
privilege to help such strugglers. God
knows that we— that those— whef would
like to give help where it is deserved are
beset by frauds, until we almost despair
of finding the deserving.";
"To be sure," Miss Hartley Bald, "and
if what I said seemed to Imply that you
could do what Miss Paxton ' is doing I
made a stupid speech. Whatever other
means you have, I know that you have
not the means of penetrating their ar
mor of pride. Oh, but they are hard to
help!"
"I suppose,"' remarked Grace thought
fully, "that no one who has not been In
a position where help has been offered
to them can realize the suffer ing such
girls endure even at the thought of be
ing considered objects of assistance. I
don't express myself well; I mean
that It .seems strange to me that
girls I've tried to help won't see
the matter as I do; that they're
doing me a kindness to let me help them,
and .that it makes me suffer when they
let, their pride stand in the way of a priv
ilege. I ask for myself. 1 Do you under
stand 77 she asked, turning to Jack.
"Isn't It falsa pride? I don"t think that
If I were ever to be In. actual need and
any one I believed was sincere wanted to
give me help that I'd decline it It seems
to m« I'd understand." '
She spoke so earnestly and looked so
beautiful as she spoke that Jack felt her
words graven on hia mind. And they
must have been, for he recalled them all
at another Interview with Grace, when it
wrung his bouI to do so. "It seems to
me, rt he said, "that if help is needed and
is offered in the right way by one we care
for It's false pride to refuse It"
"So It seems to me," Grace said. "How
ard has been lovely about this," she con
tinued, i looking up brightly. "He gave
me $500— isn't that lots of money— and told
me to do just what I like with It"
. "Let's . stop talking about things that
scratch one's heart," - suggested Miss
Hartley, "and talk about tea and jam.
If we. don't talk about It Mr. Worthing
ton may forget that he invited us."
"But we can't go," Grace said in an
aside to her friend.
"Oh, yes, we can!" Miss Hartley said
aloud. "I'm six months older than you,
bo I'll be chaperon to you. You are from
the West, where girls go alone any
where, so you ask me along with you and
there you are— both of us provided against
Mrs. Grundy."
"Come, along," Jack said, laughing.
"Mrs. Grundy permits young ladies to
take tea with me in full afternoon. I've
asked, her."
"That's a fairly good reason for going,"
said Miss Hartley, "but a better one is
that I'm hungry; and besides It Isn t
every day I have a best young man to
show off in the tea rooms."
Miss Hartley was much more amiable
than she pretended to be and walking up
the avenue to the tea rooms she always
lingered longer than her companions
where a window display was to be looked
at; and, after tea, she asked Jack to the
Hartley home, and It was t ever so much
more of a task for her to take off her
wraps than It was for Grace, who was
surprised that she had been talking to
Jack half an hour before Florence came
downstairs. And so. on many afternoons.
After tea some days, while Florence read
in a quiet corner of the Hartley parlor.
Jack and Grace renewed 'their musical
Interests at|d if at times the music lagged
the interest did not— and Florence read
on. A score of times that bright Novem
ber—a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand
times in a single . afternoon — Jack would
wonder if he dared to ask the question
his heart longed to ask; but he would not
risk it until some sign gave him moro
hope. '»•'••'¦'
. And did he see no sign In Grace's eyes?
Love is blind. Indeed.
XVI-A MAN'S FACE IN THE DARK.
For a time. Harry Lawton prospered
and was happy. He was tolerated as. a
character with some privileges In the
district where he first pursued his oc
cupation, as a peddler of sea food. His
popularity with the class of men and
women who 'largely made up the life of
the district late at night assured his Im
munity from police annoyance, for the
police in a way were a part of that class.
Harry's patrons were men and women
the police were paid to shield from the
law, and his association led to a friendly
Intimacy which prompted the police to
grant free to Harry privileges of barter;
something not* Important enough to be
charged for by the police; and, besides,
Harry's trade was not in Itself criminal,
so there was no real reason why tho
police should make him pay for pursuing
Bessie Day was Harry's chief source
of the gossip he peddled with his crabs
and lobsters. Bessie seldom had work,
now. The big playhouses demanded
younger, prefer and sprig-h tiler women
In . the chorus or ballet Bessie had
worked In the best of them, but Illness
had robbed her of most of her attractive
ness, and when ahe did work It was
usually In the poorer houses where
Harry first met her and where the pay
was pitifully small and not very certain.
But in her idle days she haunted the em
ployment'offices where chorus and ballet
were"* engaged and sometimes got short
season work in the back rows of dancers
or singers, where a crowd, or a volume
of sound, was all that the stage manager
sought It was In this manner that Bessie
early heard news which Harry peddled
at night when Bessie had made up his
basks-, of sea food- When Bessie worked,
Nora, her sister, made up Harry*" basket.
This was hard work for Nora, cow that
she was employed, at three dollars a
week, in tha office of the Morning
Chronicle, -addressing envelopes, wherein
were sent throughout the land glowing
pen pictures of the exalted worth of tha
Chronicle as a friend and defend
er - v of. the poor and oppressed.
Often this work kept Nora downtown
until late at night, and she was so tired
when she reached horn* that It was a
struggle to keep awake until the still later
hour when Harry set out; to prepare his
basket, the clean towel to go over the sea
rood, the clean white apron which Harry
must wear and which Nora must wash
and Iron when her poor- back ached and
she could scarcely lift her weak 'hands.
But she did all this, as many women had
done many things for Harry, uncomplain
ingly; and for the same reason — God pity
her— because she loved him!
But In the district, even in the unwhole
some hours when Harry plaintively cried,
"Sea food! Sea food!" there was a rest
less, a brutal demand, ' for novelty. Ped
dlers of other food, more fancifully
dressed, with Quainter or more musical
cries, came there and bid for Harry's
trade. They .took so much of it that
sometimes Harry cried his wares until
the brightening east foretold the sun and
drove his customers, with other miasmas
of the night, from out the sight of man.
He extended his route to the less popu
lous, side streets, where he sold his food
cheaper and was more often robbed, and
where the police took from him not only
his. stock in trade, If they fancied It. but
demanded small sums of money under
threat of driving him off the streets al
together. Harry knew that It was the
rule of the district, where most of his
customers paid tribute to the "guardians
of the law" for the privilege of defying
the law, so he bowed to the rule of the
fringe, of the district.
But with growing 111 luck, with accumu
lating hardships, with the cold of the
nights biting more savagely through his
thin cfothlng. he always smiled— "Smiling
Harry!" During the holiday season Har
ry's business languished almost to a van.
ishlng point There were more peddlers
to compete for his trade; his customers
were more prosperous In the easy ex
change of money of the season; so the
sea food man provided only his own un
sold wares at meal times at home. Bessie
was not working, and Nora's wages. If
Mr. Carson had not deducted something
¦ from them, were Just enough to pay the
rent. Harry had left the district late one
holiday time night and was crying hts
wares in. a cross street: "Sea food! Sea
food!" -smiling gayly though his voice
trembled with the cold and his frame
shook with weakness. "Sea food! Sea
food!" ho cried, smiling gaily.
"Hey, there, Grlnny!" called a police of
ficer, who stood on a corner, talking Idly
with a thief about a murder that had been
done in the neighborhood within an hour.
Harry obediently stopped— he knew
what was wanted-nmd held back the
towel which covered his basket. The- of
ficer selected a crab, which Harry wrap
ped In brown paper, and which the- officer
then slipped Into the capacious skirt
pocket of his uniform overcoat. Harry
covered the basket and started down th»
street. As he did so the thief slipped a
hand under the- towel and drew out a
lobster.
"No, no!" said Harry, "you mustn't
take that."
"Why, you're a lobster yourself," the
thief said, and the officer laughed encour
agement of the witticism. "This Is a
Christmas present from you to me, Orln
"I want it, please," begged Harry. "Tv«
a customer for that, and it's the best on*
I have. Please give It back."
"I'll give it to you this way," the- thief
said, and he swung It at him; tho hard,
rough shell cutting Harry's face.
A man none of tha three had noticed.
< but who had paused abruptly a few feet
off. now, with a cry of surprise at the
sound of Harry's voice, sprang at tho
thief, caught him by tho throat and
shook him, as he exclaimed, "You damned
coward!" t
"Take him off!" gasped the thief, "he's
choking me!"
There was a whit* flash of the officer's
club, and the man released his hold on
the thief's throat and sank to tha aide
walk.
(Continued next Sunday.)
THE SUNDAY C ALL.
11
JOB BOSBJTBEBQ^a.
*¦• I — _^__,"" *
* . I J tit
fj? If a girl loves a man, tb
ft that's HER business, ft
*** If a man loves a girl,
* that's HIS business. *
ftf tit
If they love each other, t[
;jj that's THEIR business. 2
ft If they marry and he wants ft
ft his wife fa have a per- ft
ft feet form, , •$•
d? That's MY Business, tit
ft ========== &
* «/oe Rosenberg *
* CORSET FITTER. *
ft., r -, ft
JLm Thin Women Made Fat. «£.
. Fat Women Made Tb/n. *5*
ft 816 Market Street, ft
ft 11 O'Farnll Street ft
ft The Home of Oood Conets. »L
ft AGENT. «&
ft Nemo, La Vida. La Orecque Cor- ft
sets. Price $1.50, $3 £0. $5.00 £
ftftftftftftiftftftftthftIlls full name was James Glllespie
Blaine Lyons, but his real name was Bull
fcfcad—Just plain Bullhead.
When he began passenger braking the
trainmaster put him on with Pat Francis.
The very first trip he made a man in tne
emolflng car asked him where the drink-
Ing* water was. Bullhead, though suffi
ciently gaudy In his new uniform, was
not prepared for any question that might
be .thrown at him. He pulled out his
bo6k. of rules, which he bad been told to
cunsult In case of doubt, and after some
i'v^iy referred his inquirer to the fire
bucket banging at the -front end of the
car. The passenger happened to be a
foreigner and very thirsty. He climbed up
on the Baker beater, according to direc
tions, and did at some risk get hold of the
bucketr-but It was empty.
"Iss no vater bier," cried the second-
what the excitement was. By the time he
had decided what rule covered the emer
gency his train had driven a stray flat
half way through the eating-house east
of the depot. Kenyon, after hearing Bull
head's own candid statement of fact,
coughed apologetically and said three
years; whereupon Bullhead resigned per
manently from th« train and ap
plied for a Job in the roundhouse.
But the roundhouse— for a boy like Bull
head. It would hardly do. He was put
at helping Pete Beezer, the boiler washer.
One night Pete was snatching his custo
mary nap in the pit .when the hoae got
away from Bullhead and struck his boss.
In the confusion Peter, who was nearly
drowned, loet a set of teeth; that was
sufficient In that department of the mo
tive power; Bullhead moved on. sudden
ly. Neighbor thought he might do for a
That , wu \ » great day for i Bullhead.
He had to take the wont of It, of course,
sweeping to* office and thatj but what
ever hla faults, th* boy did as he was
told. Only one vicious habit clung: to him
— he had a passion for reading the rules.
In spite of this, however, be steadily mas
tered the taking and as for Bending; he
could do that before he got out of the
cuspidor department. Everybody around
the Wickiup bullied him, and may b«
that was his salvation. He got used to
expecting the worst of It and nerved
himself to take It. which In railroad-
express money order,, currency at send
er's risk. The only obligations Imposed
by this deal were secrecy and a German
silver star; and Bullhead, after holding
his trusting mother up for the ten, be
came a regularly Installed detective with
proprietary rights to local misdeeds. Days
he piled his sounder and nights he lay
awake trying to mix up Pete Beezer and
Neighbor with the disappearance of vari
ous bunches of horses from the Bar M
ranch.
About the same time he became Inter
ested in dentistry; not that there is f&ny
obvious connection between, railroading
and detective work and filling teeth— but
his thoughts Just turned that way and
following the advice of a' local "dentist,
who didn't want altogether to discourage
him. Bullhead borrowed a pair of forceps
and pulled all the teeth out of a circular
saw to get his arm into practice. Before
the dentist pronounced him proficient,
though, his mother had Callahan reduced
to terms, and the assistant superintend
ent put Bullhead among the operators.
of Bullhead no Goose River man had
tried study of the rules as a remedy
for Joneaomeness; It proved a great
scheme; but It aroused the unmeas
ured contempt of Nellie Cassldy. She
•corned Bullhead unspeakably, and
her only uneasiness was that he
unconscious of it.
classified as ammunition. loaded and re
leased, O. R.
It was Nellie's cruelty that mad* the
frequent shifts at Goose River. Not that
she was unlmpresslble. or had no heroes.
She had'plenty of them In the engine and
train service. It was the smart uniformed
young conductors and kerchiefed juvenile
engineers on the fast runs to whom Nellie
paid deference, and for whom she served
the preferred doughnuts.
But this was nothing to Bullhead. He
bad his head so full of things when he
took his new position that be failed to
observe Nellie's contempt. He was Just
passing out of the private detective stage;
Just getting over dental beginnings; Just
rising to the responsibility of the key. and
a month devoted to his Immediate work
and the study of the rules passed like a
limited train. Previous to the coming
ing Is half the battle.
A few months after he became compe
tent to handle a key the nightman at
Goose Rhrer Junction went wrong. When
Callahan told Bullhead he thought about
giving him the Job the boy went wild
with excitement and In a burst of confi-
Such were the moments when Bullhead
sat In the lunchroom, unnoticed, some
what back where the files were bad. and
helped himself a!mleas!y to the sizzling
map!e syrup— Nellie rustling back tfntl
forth for Engineer Mullen, who ran In for
a quick cup, and consulted, after each
swallow, a dazzling open-faced gold
watch thin as a double eagle; for Bat at
a was pulling the fast trains and car
ried the best. And with Bullhead feed-
Ing on flannel cakes and despair, and
Nellie Cassldy looking quite her smartest.
Mullen would drtnk his co.Teo in an Im
passive nnb, never even glancing Bull
head's way— absolutely Ignoring Bull
head. What was he but a night man,
any way? Then Mullen would take as
much as a minute of his running time te
walk forward to the engine with Miss
Cassldy and stand In the lee of the driv
ers chatting with her, while Bullhead
went completely frantic-
It was being ignored In that way. after
gray string of sleepers at the Junction
platform, and Bat Mullen elimbgd down
to oil 'round— as he always did— there were
the liveliest kind of beel» behind the
counter.
THE NIGHTWACHMAN'S STORY BY FRANK S. SPEARMAN
/THB SUNDAY CAtili.
Before He Could THinK or See a THroixgn FreigHt StrticK
dence chnwerf Callahan his star. It was
the best thing that ever happened, for
the assistant head of the division had an
Impulsive way of swearing the nonsense
out of the boy's head, and when Bull
head confessed to being a detective a fiery
stream was poured on him. The foolish
ness couldn't quite all be driven out In
one round: but Jamie Lyons went to
Goose River fairly well Informed as to
how much of a fool he was. ,
Goose River Junction is not a lively
place. It has been claimed that even the
buzzards at Gooa* River Junction j play
solitaire. But apart from the utter loneli
ness tt ' was hard to hold operators there
on account of Nellie Cassldy. A man
rarely stayed at Goose. River past the
second pay check. When h« got money
enough to resign he resigned; and all be
cause Nellie Cassldy despised operators.
The •lunch- counter : that Matt Cassldy,
Nellie's father, ran at : the Junction 'was
Just' an adjunct • for feeding train crews
and > the J few miners . who wandered' down
from £ the 'Glencoe: spur.) Matt -himself
took the night turn/ but days it was Nel
lie who heated the Goosa River coffee' and
dispensed - the \ pie— contract pie made at
Medicine Bend, and sent by local freight
However. the little Goose River girl bad
no Idea of letting him escape that. way.
When scorn became clearly useless she
tried cajolery— «he smiled on Bullhead.
Not till then did be give up: her smile
was his undoing. It was so absolutely
novel to Bullhead— Bullhead, who had
never got anything but kicks and curses
and frowns. Before Nellie's smiles. Ju
diciously administered. Bullhead melted
like the sugar she began to sprinkle in
his coffee. That was what she wanted;
when he was fairly dissolved, Nellie, Ilk*
the coffee, went gradually cold. Bullhead
became miserable, and to her life at
Goose River' was one* more endurable.
It was then that Bullhead began to
sit up all day, after working all night, to
get a single smile from the direction of
the pie rack. He hung, utterly miserable,
around the lunchroom all day, while Nel
lie made ¦ Impersonal remarks about the
colorless life of a mere operator as com
pared with life In the cab of , a tea
wheeler. She admired the . engineer, Nel
lie—was there ever a doughnut girl who
didn't? And when One or Two rose smok
ing out of the alkali east or the alkali
west and the mogrul engine checksd Its
her smiles had one* been his. that crushed
the night operator. ' It filled bis bead with
schemes for obtaining recognition at all
hazards. He began by quarreling violent
ly with Nellie, and things were coming to
a serious pass around the depot when ths
Klondike business struck the mountain
division. It came with a rush, and whes
they began running through freight ex
tras by way of the Goom River short
line, day and night, the Junction station
caught the thick of It It was something
new altogether for the short lXn» rails and
the short Une operators, and Bullnead's
night trick, with nothing to do but poke
the are and pop at coyotes, became
straightway a busy and Important post.
The added work kept him Jumping from
sundown till e"awn, and kept him from
loafing daytimes around the lunch counter
and ruining himself on fermented syrup.
On a certain night, windier *Mn all the
November nights that had gone before,
the night operator sat alone In the office
facing a resolve. Goose River had become
Intolerable. Medicine . Bend was not to be
thought of, for. Bullhead now had a sus
picion, due to Callahan, that he- was a
good deal of a chump, and ho wanted to
get away from the rldlcul« that had al-
"Nonsense!" '.quoth the man. "You
must have the strength of your convic
tions. Let's test the thing for benefit of
both." He took her hand In the enthu
siasm of the moment.
"All right," she said.
"Good! We'll begin by going boating
to-morrow."
"Perhaps," she remarked quietly, and
walked Into the hotel.
She met him at the wharf the next even-
Ing and he rowed for over an hour; his
arms bared and the smoke from his cigar
floating behind them In imitation of that
which had drifted from the steamer fun
nels. Neither mentioned the talk of the
night before until he helped her back on
shore. Then: "I hope," he said, "that
your ride has been a pleasant one."
"I Jave learned something," quoth she.
Through July and into August the les
sons continued. He took her driving,
sailing, walking along the strand. She
began to feel quite as though they were
In earnest, and grew a little Jealous of
the friend whom he devoted an hour - a
day and two quires of paper a week; The
other people gossiped, as people will who
have nothing better to do, and ' they
laughed at the gossip. At last he pulled
her out of the surf one afternoon when
she had been caught by the undertow. .
"We are progressing finely," he ob
served." -
Late In the month: '
"The- season begins soon," said he.
"Our time Is all but gone." #
"We have, spent It well,". she replied.
"Think how our work will have be *n Im
proved."
It was a delightful summer. W9!m.
And on the 'ast night but one of their
mutual vacation he and 8he sat together
on the porch as they had seventy "days
before and watched the tide climb vigor
'ously as of old— for the sea Is a restlessly
ambitious monster and will not tire until
It has won the earth back again. "We re
turn to-morrow," the man sighed.
"To-morrow." said the girl. "I v had
never been really happy before."
"I have had a Jolly time," he admitted.
"And It ends to-morrow."
"To-morrow."
She paused, scanning - the horizon for
the steamer, which was long overdue.
But there was no motion anywhere-ex
cept at the ragged meeting place of sky
and jsea. : * :
"We shall be going on the road again,"
the man remarked, "to stuffy theaters
and crowds of people who recognise trag
edy only when it Is accompanied by slow
music."
']We shall be In the same cast," said
the girl. £p'»v.
And then, as he leaned against his chair
and took to puffing placidly, she rose
to ( go. , , .
"Hold on," quoth he. "I want to tell you
something."
She waited.
"When." I get back," he went on, half-
Joklngly, "when I get back I am to be
married. She's a charming little thing
and you must know her." ¦
The girl was looking out to sea, though
: nil '.: chance of the steamer ; passing . bad -
vanl shred. '.'But you said—" she began,
hesitatingly.
; "That *,1 ; had -never , been * In love I" .He
laughed.'' "That ] was not quite ' true. :-¦ I'm :
afraid ', the lessons have been .wasted— I
did not need them-'.V ',,' --''<¦
- dhe opened the door. .
"Not wasted," she said.'' '1 have learned'
something."
(Copyright. 1905. by T. C. McClure.)
ON the first night but one of their
mutual vacation they sat on the
porch of an ocean hotel and
watched the sea climb over the
sands at their feet. The last of
the other loiterers had exchanged the
view for the delights of dressing gown
end slippers some ten minutes before,
leaving to them the wide veranda and
an argument begun an hour earlier. A
mile away a small steamer forged on
ward; it* trail of smoke lay drowsily
on the water like a black monster
stretching Itself for a long rest.
"It's ridiculous!" he remarked, staring
reflectively at the lighted tip of a fresh
cigar.
"Well.- she replied, "we find it true of
writers. Nearly every novel is a multiple
picture of the novelist. Why should we
expect a piayer to portray emotions be
or she has never felt?"
"You would make It. necessary for all
•heavlf. s" to be former criminals and all
comedians fearful fools. Your Cleopatra
must needs have been a wanton, your
Lady Macbeth must have planned mur-'
e'er, and your Mrs. Malaprop could not
be at once an educated and a successful
woman."
That is a trifle radical." she urged.
And, as her opponent did not attm to
feel that she had recovered her lost
ground, she added: "I mean merely
that the able Impersonator must at some
time or other have been conscious of the
sentiments which produced — — *•
"I understand," be Interrupted.
"Well?" said she.
"Well." came the reply, "you and I
played lovers all last season— rather ac
ceptably we both think. And yet I have
never been In love. Have your*
"Yet we seem to get along."
"No." Ehe answered, thoughtfully, "I
have not."
"Yes," she admitted. A man and a
woman somewhere on the beacb were
elnglng an absurd song and the breeze
brought the words to their ears. She
paused an Instant to listen. Finally she
continued: "Neither of us has don« so
well that there Is no room for Improve
ment. Often I have had to guess In the
vaguest way at some sentimental pas
sage, and many of them may have been
epoken in a fashion that lacked the true
ring. All this might be remedied if I had
ever been In love."
"Why don't you experiment?" the man
queried facetiously.
"Because. I have no one with whom to
experiment. I couldn't very well fall In
love with myself." " ¦
"It has been done."
The girl laughed and' ro»« to go. A
chill had come Into the air, and the porch
was no longer comfortable.
"Hold on!" he said. "I'll be a subject."
Ehe bad forgotten already. "A subject
for what?"
"I don't exactly like It," the theorist
confessed. And she took hold of the door
knob.
"I'll be a subject for your experiment.
Tou may be right after all. and If you are
we owe to the management to test your
theory."
She blushed— a faint, puzzled blush.
"Oh, neither of us will b« In earnest."
he hastened to add. "We will' take- up
the affair as a course of study. Tou and
1 can adore each other for two months.
It will help to pass the time here, and at
the end of our vocation we can drop it
What do you say?"
FOR BENEFIT OF -BOTH-
•-By CJKanmEig* PollocK.
Cm man. Bu:xneaa sat naif way back
ta the car, still studying the rules. He
looked up surprised, but turning around
, pointed with confidence tc the fire pi 1 at
the hind end of the snicker.
"Try the other bucket, Johnnie," he
•aid, calmly. At that every man in the
¦ car began to choke; and the German,
thinking the new brakeraan was making
fun cf him, wanted to fight. Now Bull
head would rather fight than go to Sun
lay-school any day, and without parley
be engaged the Insulted homesteader.
Pat Francis parted them after some hard
words on bis part; and Kenyon. the train
master, gave Bullhead three months to
•tody uo where the water cooler was lo
cated In Standard, A pattern, smoking
can. Bullhead's own mother, who did
. Callahan's washing, refused to believe
her son was co stupid as not to know, but
Bullhead, who now tells the story hlxn
* self, claims he did not know.
When he got back to work he tried
the freight trains. They put hirn*on the
.No. 28 local, aad one day they were drift-
Ing Into the yard at Goose River Junction
*3hea there came from the cab a sharp
* call for brakes. Icrtead of climbing out
, itnd grabbing a brake wheel for dear life,
Bullhead looked out of the window to see
wiper. Arter me coy nad learned eome
thlng about griping he tried one day to
back an engine out on the turntable Just
to see whether It was easy. It was; dead
easy; but the turntable happened to be
arranged wrong for the experiment: and
Neighbor, before calling In the wrecking
gang, took occasion to kick Bullhead, out
of the roundhouse bodily. Nevertheless,
Bullhead, like every Medicine Bend boy,
wanted to railroad. He was offered the
presidency of a Cincinnati bank by a pri
vate detective agency which had Just sent
up the active head of the Institution for
ten years; but as Bullhead could not ar
range transportation east of the river ha
was obliged to let the opportunity pass.
When the widow of Lyons asked Calla
han to put Jamie at telegraphing the as
sistant superintendent nearly fell off his
chair. Mrs. Lyons, however,, was In earn
est, as the red-haired man soon found by
the way his shirts were starched. Her
eon meantime had gotten hold of a sound
er and was studying telegraphy, corre
sponding at the same time with the Cin
cinnati detective agency for the town and
county rights to all "hidden and undiscov
ered crime" on the Mountain division —
rights offered at the very reasonable prict
of $10 by registered mail, bank draft or
THis Is tHe TKird of Frank H. Spear
man's Thrilling Two-Page Railroad
Stories, tHe Best Ever Written.
12forgetting his red signal. He lifted his
head; It was sick, deadly sick. But up It
must come. Thirty gone, and j It wob
bled, swooning sick and groggy as ha
stared around and tried to locate himself.
One thing he could see, the faint outline
of the station and his lamp blazing smoky
In the window. Bullhead figured a sec
ond: then he began to crawl. If he could
reach the lamp before his head went oft
again, before he went completely silly, he
might yet save himself and Number One.
It wasn't In him to crawl till he thought
of his own mistake; but there was a spur
la the sweep of that through his head,
tils brain, ho knew,
wai wobbling, but he
could crawl, and he
stuck fainting to that
one idea and crawled
for the light of his
lamp. ¦', •¦* ¦/
It Is a bare hundred
feet across to the T.
Bullhead taped every
foot of the hundred
first station east, Blalsdell, with the 19.
Life and death that call meant; the 19, the
dispatcher's . call— hanging over the key.
stammering the 19 over the wire and bap
tizing th« call In his own blood— that is
the way Bullhead learned to be a rail
road man.
For Blaisdell got hfm and his warning
and had No. 1 on the siding Just as the
freight tore around the west curve, bead
ed for Sacklcy. While it was all going
on Bullhead lay on the wind-swept plat
form at Goose River with a bole in his
head that would have killed anybody on
the Went End, or, for that matter, on
earth, except James Gillespie Blaine
Lyons.
had been to blami for h!a failures. Bull
head now law that he himself had been
to blame, and was man enough to atand
up and aay so. When the bl* fellows.
Callahan and Kenyon "and Pat Francis.
e&v his trail next morning, saw the Blood
smeared over the table and aaw Bull
head's letter of resignation signed In his
own blood manual, and heard his straight
out story days afterward, they said never
a word. *
But that morning; the morning after.
Callahan picked «p the letter and put It
Just as It was between the leaves of the
order book and locked both In bis grip.
It was some weeks before he had a talk
with Bullhead, and he spoke then only a
AT vSISCON.SE.TT POINT-
—By Anna iS. Richardson
A Dresden (German) physician, having
addressed a list of thirty-six questions
to seventy-three persons who were more
than 90 years old. learned, among other
things, that all of them are below the
average height; most of them have light
hair and have retained plenty of It. and
none of them has any teeth remaining; all
take kindly to the bath or to fresh air.
There were no rules to consult then. No
vay on earth of getting into the office
in time to do anything: to drag himself
to the lunchroom, twice further than the
station, was out of the question. But
there was a way to reach his key in spite
of all bad thing*, and Bullhead knew the
way. He struggled fast around to the
window.' Raising himself with a frightful
twinge on one knee,. he beat at the glass
with his fist. Clutching tha sash, he drew
himself up with a- hand, and with the
other tore away the bunting, stuck his
head and shoulders through the opening,
got his hand on the key and called the
can on for help: he Just stuck, to the
crawl, grinding his teeth in bitter self
reproach. They traced him, next morning,
when he was past the telling of it, and
his struggle looked the track of a wound
ed bear. Dragging along one crushed leg
and half crazed by the crack on hla fore
heed, Bullhead climbed to the platform,
across, and dragged himself to the door.
He can tell yet about rolling his broken
leg under him and raising himself to grasp
the thumb-latch. Not until he tried to
open it did he remember it was a spring
•ock and that he was outside. He felt In
his pocket for his keys— but his keys were
gone.
The pilot bar of the short line mogul. In
swiping Bullhead unmercifully, had really
made a railroad man out of him. It had
let a great light In on the situation.
Whereas before every one else on the line
"And Bullhead!" cried everybody.
"That's what gets me. Who'd have
thought It of Bullhead!"
When they all got up there and saw
what Bullhead had done everybody agreed
that nobody but Bullhead could have
done it.
Somebody said suicide: but Mat Mullen
suddenly stuck his lamp out of the broken
window, put his head through after It,
and cried out. Setting his lantern down
on the platform, he crawled through the
broken sash and picked up Bullhead.
Next morning it was all over the West
End.
After No. 80 had passed so Impudently
No. 1 felt her way rather cautiously to
Goose River, because the dispatchers
couldn't get the blamed station. They de
cided, of course, that Bullhead was asleep,
and fixed everything at the Wlckiux> to
send a new man up there on Three in the
morning and fire him for. good.
But about 1 o'clock No. 1 rolled bad
tempered into Goose River Junction, and
Bat Mullen, stopping his train, strode
angrily to the station. It was dark as a
pocket Inside. Bat smashed in the door
with his heel and the trainmen swarmed
in and began looking with their lanterns
for the nightman. The stove was red
hot, but he was not asleep In the arm
chair nor napping under the counter on
the supplies. They turned to his table
and discovered the broken window and
thought of a hold-up. They saw where
the nightman had spilled something that
looked like ink over the table, over the
order book, over the clip, and there was
a hand print that looked inky on an open
letter addressed to the superintendent—
and a little pool of something like ink
under the key.
Besides, what need has a young man
with a heavy crescent-shaped scar on his
forehead that people Inquire about and
who within a year after the Goose River
affair was made a train dispatcher under
Barnes Tracy at Medicine Bend— what
need has he of a coquette's smiles? His
mother, who has honorably retired from
hard work, says half the girls at the
Bend are after htm, and hla mother ought
to know, for she keeps house for him.
Bullhead's letter of resignation, with the
print of his hand on . It, hangs framed
over Callahan's desk, and Is shown to
railroad big fellows who are accorded the
courtesies of the Wickiup. But when they
ask Bullhead about It he Just laughs and
says some railroad men have to have
sense pounded Into them.
Copyright, 1903. by Frank H. Spearman.
It all came easy after he got well. In
stead of getting the worst of It from
everybody Bullhead began to get the best
of It, even from pretty Nellie Cusldy.
But Nellie had missed her opening. She
tried tenderness while the boy was being
nursed at th# Junction. Bullhead looked
grim and far-off through his bulging
bandages, and asked his mother to put
the sugar in his coffee for him; Bullhead
was getting sense.
few words, because the night m*n fainted
before be' got through. Callahan made
him understand, though, that as soon as
he was able he could have any key on
that division he wanted as long as he was
running it — and Callahan Is running that
division yet.
The most wonderful aboriginal monu
ment In the New World Is' the stone
known to archaeologists as "the Aztec Cal
endar." It Is, properly speaking, a zodiac,
eleven feet .eight Inches In diameter.
carved from the solid rock, and Its weight,
estimated by Von Humboldt, Is 53.793
pounds. At the time Columbus discovered
America It had been In position for thir
teen years. In 1521 It and many large
Idols were thrown Into a marsh by the
monks of Cortez to hide them from the
eyes of the heathen. It came to the sur
face thirty years afterward, but was re
burled and forgotten for 232 years. The
Mexican National Museum has now given
It a prominent place.
Remarkable Aztec Monument.
cross the short line tracks. The wind was
scouring the flats, and as he tacked up
the platform the dust swept dead Into
him. At the switch he sprang across the
rails, thinking of nothing but reaching
the engine cab of the local— forgetting
about the track he was crossing. Before
he could think -or see or jump a through
freight on the short line, wild, from the
west, storming down the grade behind
him, struck Bullhead as a grizzly would
a gnat— hurled him, doubling, fifty feet
out on the spur— and r formed on Into the
ting out bis light, and No. 80 was gone;
against No. 1— a head-end collision star-
Ing the freight and the belated passenger
in the face. No. 80, running hard on her
order to make Backley for" the meeting,
and 1, running furiously, as she always
ran— to-night worse than ever.
He Ufted his head, enraged with himself
—enraged. He thought about the rules,
and , he grew enraged. Only himself [ he
blamed, ; nobody else— studying , the rules
for a lifetime and just when it would
mean the death of a tralnload of people
Bullhead as a Grizzly Would a Gnat and Hurled Him Fifty Feet.
undoubtedly one who put up to be no au
thority whatever on motive power or
train service or operating— it was Matt
Casey's girl.
. While be reread his formal letter and
on epell!ng with his pocket
Webster a train whistled. Bullhead look
ed at th* clock— 11:40 p. m. It was the
local frelgftt. Thirty, coming in from the
West, working back to Medicine. From
the Ppst. No. 1 had not arrived. She was
six hours late, and Bullhead looked out
at b!s light, for he had orders for the
ff eigh't. It - was not often that such a
thing happened, because One rarely went
cttf Bchedule badly enough to throw her
Into hla turn. He bad bis orders copied
and' O IC'd, and waited only to' deliver
them.
signature— James Gillespie Blaine Lyons
—now himself of the opinion of every
one els* on the west end— that be was
just a natural born blooming fool. He
lifted his pen to sign off the aspirations
of a jounsr lifetime, when the sounder
began to snap and sputter his calL It
was the dispatcher, and he asked hurried
ly If No. 30 was there.
"Number Thirty Is on the Y," answered
Bullhead.
Then came a train order. "Hold Num
ber Thirty till Number One arrives."
Bullhead repeated the order and got
back the O K. He grabbed bis bat and
hurried out of the door 'to deliver the
new order to the local* freight before It
should pull out. t
To reach the train ' Bullhead had to
together and to put up his hand un
steadily to feel what it was soak
ing warm and sticky into his hair;
then to . realize that he had been
struck by a Short Line train; to think
of what a failure he had lately acknowl
edged himself to be; and. or what It was
he was clutching so tightly In his right
hand— the holding order for No. 80. He
raised his reeling head; there was a drift
of starlight through the dust cloud, -but
no train In sight; No. SO was gone. With
that consciousness came a recollection— he
had forgotten to put out his red light
His red light wasn't out. He kept re
peating that to himself to put the picture
of what It meant before him. He had
started to deliver an order without put-
It was fearfully windy. The 265 engine.
*puillng Thirty that night, wheeled in the
gale like a man with the apoplexy. She
had s new fireman on, who was burning
the Ufa out of her, and as she purted
painfully down on the scrap rails of the
first siding and took the Y her overloaded
safety gasped violently.
When the conductor of the No. 30 train
ppened the station door the wind followed
him like a catamount. The stove puffed
open with a down draught and shot the
room full of stinging smoke. The lamp
Yet his letter stated* distinctly: "I will
stop off In New York to see you, If only
for a few -hours."
She looked at the heading of the letter.
He .was at Cape May. There would be
time to let him know that she was leav
ing town. And leave she must before he
came. What would he think? Marlon
Bridges picking hops! Her cheeks burned
crimson and her. hands trembled as she
snatched up her sewing. - She would leave
at once, even If the picking did not begin
for another, week. .Board was reasonable,
and she would get a breath of . fresh .air
and rest before beginning the work. She
knew she could never keep the truth from
him if they were face to face. She wrote
a brief note:
eett Hop Growers' Company, Slsconsett,
N. -Y."
"Good wages, reasonable board." And
the climate and scenic attractions of Sls
consett drew hundreds of summer visitors
each year.
"Why not?" she murmured. It would
not be a vacation, exactly, but it would
fill that awful gap until the third week
in September. So she went downtown,
with her. head held high; but her heart
sinking, to buy dark calico for two work-
Ing dresses. She made them at home,
through the kindness of her landlady,
who not only loaned her the machine, but
fitted; the waists. It was when she was
finishing the low, turn-over collars with a
bit of strong" lace, that his letter came.
She had not expected to hear from him,
and yet she was not surprised. There
had . been moments in the laboratory
which had set her heart beating oddly,
but then she reasoned that his Interest
was due to the fact that she was one of
the best scholars In his branch.
And what could she do? She had no
influence to help her to a pleasant posi
tion as companion ; or private secretary.
She knew the Impossibility of selling fan
cy work, when the city exchanges for wo
men's needlework were absolutely dead.
She rose and walked wearily to, the
open window. Would It pay— this strug
gle, to get her . degree? '' And after com
mencement day, what? Year after year
In a schoolroom ! Was ' it her sphere?
Would she ; become old and dun-colored
and silent like Miss Ilalnes, who had
taught algebra during the freshman
term? „
To drive Buch thoughts from her mind
she picked up the morning paper, her eye
falling on the "help wanted" column.
"Wanted-r-Next. Monday, 100 neat, busi
nesslike young women to pick hops; good
wages; .":¦ reasonable board. The Blscon-
fjk w ARION BRIDGES pushed the
/\ f\ papers, covered with figures, to
V < I one slde ' She had studIcd them
V» I until her head ached. Read up
or down they spelled "-enewed
effort." And she had so hoped that her
*utoring during July would end her sum
mer's work. Girl like, she yearned for
some real vacation days.
But if si > was to return to college the
third week, in September there was much
yet to be dqne. t Her slender Income— for
Marlon was an orphan— would barely pay
her way through her last year at college,
with its attendant commencement festivi
ties and expenses. If she drew on this in
come for a vacation Jaunt, If she even
stayed In town at an Inexpensive board
ing-house, there would be a shortage be
fore the end of the college year.
(Copyright, 1903. by T. C. McClurc.)
It fluttered for an Instant In her fingers,
then fell to the ground. "With a white
face and frightened eyes she bent down,
picked it up and hurried out of the office.
He found her sitting on a ledge over
looking the river. The rising moon cast
an Incongruous , silvery sheen over her
prosaic working dress. She bad Intended
to change her frock every night after sup
per,, but what was the use? Nothing
seemed to matter, now that he had seen
her In that line of uncouth. Ill-mannered
girls. He sat down beside her, kindly
looking across the stretch of trees slop
ing to the noisy little river, Instead of
Into her eyes, which bore traces of tears.
"I see you have found my favorite spot
already. This Is my third season \ here,
you see, and I know every pretty nook
and cranny about the place."
"I suppose you are studying sociology,"
then she added wearily; "well, you ought
to see It In many, phases here."
She was wondering how he had felt
when he saw her In that line.
"No," he replied quietly. "I ana here
solely for the sake of the wages. My sal
ary Is not large enough to . support my
mother as she has been accustomed to
live, and I usually hunt outdoor work to
It was at the end of her first day's
work, and she walked with the long line
of chattering girls to the weighing-room
to get her credit slip. A man In loose
flannels was checking off the list. He
started, flushed slightly, then smiled and
held out her silo.
"Bo sorry that I will not b« In town
next Monday. I am just leaving for Sls
consett on a little vacation. "Wishing you
a very pleasant summer, yours sincerely,
"MARION BRIDGES."
"Ten months win not seem so very long,
because I shall males a specialty of phy
sics next year term."
rest my mind and build up my body dur
ing the summer." .l".^ ;
Marlon looked straight Into his eyes.
"How small you must think me to have
pretended that I was taking a vacation,
when I, too, need the money."
He smiled tenderly and reached for her
hand. "No, It Is one of the things I have
admired In you— that faculty for making
the best of things, keeping the best foot
forward. It Is so much better than re
pining for the things you cannot have
and parading your troubles and disap
pointments before an your friends. I
think you are Just the woman to help a
struggling college professor to make bis
way In the world. Will you try It— right
after commencement day?"
A moment later the sober outlines of a
dark calico dress stood In sharp contrast
against the soft folds of his light flannels.
and Marlon murmured happily:
THE CAliI*
If You Read THis You Certainly Won't
Miss "The Operator's Story," WHicl*
Will Be Published Next Sunday.
ways alid everywhere made life a harden.
Tbere appeared to Bullhead nothing for It
but the Klondike. On the table before
the rnocty operator lay hU letter of res
ignailon. addressed In due form to J. 8.
Bucka, superintendent. Near It. under the
iivsp, lay a well-thumbed copy of the
book of rules, open at the chapter on res
tgnations, with subheads on—
\Roeicn. who should.
' .Resign, how to.
Resign, when to. (See also Time.)
Tse fact was, it bad .at last painfully
forced Itself on Bullhead that he was not
f.ued for the railroad buslneas. Pat Fran
di fcad unfeelingly told him so; Callahan
had told him so; Neighbor had told him
»o; Bucks had told him so. On that point
th* leading weat end authorities were
Rgreea. Yet In spite of these dlscourage
rsents he had persisted and at last made
a show. Who was u now that had
*hakea hl» »tubborn conviction? Bull
head hardly dared confess. But It was
bias* flow up the chimney— out— and left
the nightman and the conductor In dark
ness. The trainman with a swear shoved
to thn door, and Bullhead, the patient,
turned over his letter of resignation Quick
In tho dark, relt -or a match and re
lighted his lamp. Swearing again at Bull
head, tho freight conductor swaggered
over to his table, felt In all the operator's
pockets for a cijrar, tumbled all the pa
pers arounu and once more, on general
principles, swore.
Bullhead took things uncomplainingly,
but he watched close and was determined
to fight If the brute discovered bis letter
of resignation. When the trainman could
think of no further lnu.gnities he took
his orders, to meet No. 1 at Sackley, the
second station east of Goose River. After
be had signed. Bullhead asked him about
the depot fire at Bear Dance that had
been going over the wires for two hours,
reminded him of the slow order for the
No. 9 culvert, and as the rude visitor
slammed the door behind him held bis
hand over the lamp. Then he sat down
again and turned over his letter of resig
nation, v'f ¦"*
To make It binding It lacked only hut
east without a quiver out of the ordi
nary. On© fatality followed another. Th«
engineer of the Short Line train did not
see the man he had hit, and with th«
night man lying unconscious In tha
ditch, tha local freight pulled out for
Sackley.
Bullhead never knew Just how lony
he lay under the stars. When hi?
head began to whirl the wind waa
blowing cool and strong on him,
and the alkali dust was eddying
into his open mouth. It was only
a matter of seconds, though it
seemed hours, to pull himself
139L^ iT^ ~V" ft m
ably short, either of first-class workmanship or of first-class behavior. That
habit : of procrastination, of forgetfulncsv of tardiness, that way of leaving
things half done, that slovenliness of person — it is high time we got rid of
them and all their kindred. I know a young man who a year ago was the most
unpopular man in the office .where he worked, -'chiefly because he was such z
loud talker and had such brusque ways. Now he sits at his desk as quietly as his
comrades; (now, his; tone 'is gentle and subdued; now he is considerate of the
rights. and vwishes of his fellow workmen. isn't any the less a hustling, en
ergetic,business man. Indeed. I am inclined to think that \ he is more suc
cessful;than he used to be, and that . the change in his ways means more money
in his pocket.
, This fresh start ought also to be marked by a resolute purpose to measure
up to the opportunity before us. If it is a new one we must seek to see it
on its best and most inviting side; if it is an old one we must endeavor to treat
itas though it were a new one. /Why should not a man who has been work
ing long at the same desk wake up some morning with this suddenly formed
resolution : "I will go to my work to-day as though I were a new man in the
shop or the factory. ,1 will try to ¦ discover better, ways of doing the old work.
I will treat my companions with new cpurtesy and larger charity."* Not a man
qf us has* measured up fully to his position: and to the opportunities for service
that:go-with : it.; Not till we have exhausted every possibility in it should we
ask for a different job. '
k li mm \i *^J^N brings to many of us the chance to begin a&ain.
ft Perhaps the fresh ittxt will be in • the midst of entirely
_i •**C^S* //^ new conditions.'' We may be going from school to col
"^ t#3j^' ' e 8> e or from college to a business or professional career.
> *^y^Ary^ We may be passing from the cotftitry to the city to seek
afjBVwY Jf our fortune, as multitude! of farmer lads have before us,
«|JVt\^ or as an increasing number of young women . are doing
"^ year by year in order to study music or stenography or
domestic science. We may be taking up our abode in a strange or distant
country, going out as Abraham went from Ur of the Chaldees,. hardly, know
ing whither we are going. But, the pain of cutting the old dear ties is fresh
and everything in the new environment is oppressingly unfamiliar.
It may be, on the other. hand, that we are merely resuming the old tasks
after an all too brief absence. It seems only yesterday or the day before that
we were plodding away at this same old stand. We know exactly what awaits
us » here. We have done the same thing. year after year and it s looks as if we
should go on .doing them until the "end of the- chapter.
Ought we not, here at the^turning of the ways; to slough off that which
has been weak and faulty in our work hitherto? If we are honest with our
selves we can see plenty of points in the retrospect at which we came lament-
FIRST AIDS TO GREAT RICHES
of the Treasury for tha Postoflto* Depart
ment—Sir: I am In receipt of your vai
ued communication directing ma t»
change my method of returning firnmnrt
of box rents. Are you running this post
offlce or am 17 I have. been postmaster
hero for six years. I always kapt box
accounts tha same way, and until you
got into office I never had any troo>
ble about it. This Is tha third Urn* that
you have written ma ordering m# t»
change my method of keeping box ao
counts. Where did you get tha poirvr to
give me orders, anyhow? I will remark.
In closing, that before I will make the
change you direct I will sea you and the
entire Postofflca Department In hell beat
ing tanbark. Yours.
"POSTMASTER OF DAYTON. NBT."
I requested time, which was readily
granted, to name a new man for the plac-e
and until I did name a person the occu
pant was to remain in ofllce. Somehow X
never could find tim« or inclination to
make a recommendation, and so far as X
know tha irreverent ribald may be post
master there unto this day.
tie town of about 1500 population, and th'a
postofflca was worth to' its Incumbent pos
sibly (1000 per annum— not much during
flush. times in the Sagebrush State. Tha
postmaster kept a stationery store, which
was helped out by the postofflce being
kept established In his place of business.
He was a reputable citizen and I could
conjecture no cause for his removal. I
went to the, Postoffice Department and
the First Assistant Postmaster General
Informed - me that tha Auditor of the
Treasury had requested and recommend
ed the removal of the Dayton, Nev., post
master, on the ground that he was unfit
for the position. I requested a specifica
tion by item of the causes of complaint,
and the Auditor was sent for. He cams
with his portfolio under his arm. Ha was
a dapper little fellow, with pink side
whiskers and a, head as destitute of hair
as a much-used hearth-rug. He was re
quested to state what were tha charges
against the Dayton postmaster. "This,"
said ' he, pompously producing from his
portfolio a letter, which he handed to tha
First Assistant. "That, gentlemen; read
It," and with the corners of his mouth
twitching, he handed It to me. Its con
tents were as follows:
"Dayton, Nev., — , 1S70.— To the Auditor
Nye's wit was keen and original. When
he followed the Frse Soil wing of Democ
racy into the Republican organization
John Van Buren, known as "Prince
John," said of him in a public speech:
"There Is Jim Nye. He used to be my
bottle holder. Now he is bottle holder
for Bill Seward." "I am growing old,"
replied. Nye, "and I 'wanted an easier job;
where I would not be compelled to hold
the bottle quite so often."
' It is related that while Nye, who was
then a practicing lawyer in New York
City, was eating raw oysters at the coun
ter of a celebrated restaurant, he was ap
proached by an enraged, man whom he
had badly worsted In court, who said to
him, "Nye, is there any cause so low and
dirty and \ any client so mean and con
temptible that you would not take his
her Senators did not compare favorably
In intellectual culture with those from
any other State. Senator James W. Nye
was a natural orator. He was not a stu
dent, he was indolent and he was facile.
But he never addressed the Senate with
out attracting the attention of his asso
ciates and he never spoke to a: -public
audience without, arousing enthusiasm.
He was at his beat at a dinner table,
where he was the prince of ' raconteurs.
Scriptural quotations were Interlarded
with stories that could not be told when
ladies were present Poetry and philoso
phy anil profanity poured from his lips
by the hour. A critic once said of him:
"He Is a rare combination of John Wes
ley and Pick Handle Joe."
While a member, of the Forty-first Con
gress I received a note ; from the First
Assistant Postmaster General, requesting
me to call at his office and confer with
him concerning the removal of the post
master at Dayton, Nev., and the appoint
ment of his successor. Dayton was a lit-
case for a fee?'.' "I do not know," replied
Nye, looking his opponent In the eye;,
"what have you been doing?"
When the Indian chief, Wlnnemucca,
visited Carson to confer with. Governor
Nye an enraged lady, whose husband had
been killed in the Indian war, loaded a
revolver and avowed. her intention of put
ting an end to the aborigine. In order to
avoid such a catastrophe, Wlnnemucca,
instead of being accorded quarters at the'
hotel, was located at a house on the out
skirts of the town, .and "thither Nye re
paired for an Interview. But the old In
dian stood -. upon his dignity and refused
to talk with the Governor. -" "Go away."
said he, "and send me chief. Wlnnemuc
ca make talk only with chief." "But,"
said Nye, "I am Governor of Nevada.' I
am chief of the whites, Winnemucca,- as
you' are : chief of the red men.'* "Go
away," j grunted the Indian, "go away—
you no chief of one woman." ,
Nevada has been tha subject of many
gibes as a rotten borough State, but there
has seldom been aUme since her admis
sion to the Unlon^when at least one of
friend and everybody's favorite. He was
a good fellow, but he' was not thrifty and
he would buy anything that was offered
Mm— on credit. If he happened to have
the money he would pay, but he gener
ally did not happen to have It. He had
purchased a meerschaum pipe for $7 from
a tobacconist named Packsher, who kept
the cigar stand at the International Hotel
at Virginia City. Often was Packsher
found, bill In hand, among the throng of
creditors who darkened the halls and pas
sages leading to Will Campbell's office on
Mondays, and just as often did he receive
the usual request, "Call n gain." Growing
weary of this constant procession of
duns, and being unable to pay, Will
Campbell, one Monday morning arrayed
"himself behind a long table covered with
documents and on the next visit of Pack
sher that gentleman was politely Invited
to take a seat. "1 have made arrange
ments," said Will with great courtesy,
"to settle all my indebtedness." "Well,
well," interrupted Packsi.er, "I am very
glad to hear it, but I always knew that
you would pay, Shudge Campbell, Just as
soon as you could." "You have a small
unliquidated demand against me," said
Will. "Your name, I believe, is Pack
sher?'.' "Yes. yes," said the pleased He
brew, "Packsher it is, sure enough. The
bill la $7, Shudge Campbell; it is for a
meerschaum plpe^you know." "I remem
ber it well," replied Will. "I am settling
my bills alphabetically. You are among
the P's. At present I am among the A's.
When I get to the P's I will send for you.
In the meantime suppose you kindly with
draw, and remember that I have 'adopted
a rule never to pay at all any gentleman
who attempts to collect out of his turn,
alphabetically. Oood morning, Mr. Pack
eher. John, please step around to Mr.
Abacco'a office and ask him to bring his
bill."
¦Tttdg* Will Campbell was everybody's
"What," said I to Mark on one occa
sion, "has been the most profitable of
your books?" "My patent ecrapbook,"
said ha. "has brought me larger revenue
than all my published books."
If Mark Twain had turned his attention
to serious rather than to humorous liter
ature h« would, in my opinion, have
achieved as great a success. His book,
"The Prince and tha-Pauper," is as accu
rate and as interesting an historical novel
as any written by Sir Walter Scott. Mark
must have made a close and careful
study of tha laws, customs and lifu of
England during tha reign of Henry VIII,
and tha idea of a ruler who went to
school to his own laws la as original as it
la alluringly presented.
was given the choice of marrying an In
dian squaw, eating roasted dog or being
tortured to dtatn. He chose dog eating,
and was compelled to consume the ears
of a spaniel and drumsticks of a bulldog
before being permitted to depart.
Mrs. Fitch presented the third chapter,
describing the home life and education,
culture and thought of a beautiful Ver
mont girl, who was compelled by her
father's loss of fortune and death to come
to the Pacific Coast and seek employment
as a teacher. '
Mark Twain was to write the fourth
chapter, but the day before it was to ap
pear the Occidental suspended and his
part of the book was forever lost to the
world. When questioned with regard to
it he answered: "I should have kept the
compact, but I intended to place that Ver
mont girl in a situation that she would
have found difficult to explain to the sat
isfaction of her friends. I had her dealing
monte in 'Dandy Pete's' saloon in Vir
ginia City. I'm sorry the literary paper
stopped before my turn came, but you
couldn't expect that kind of a paper to be
permanent here, could you? Can a lark
sing in a cellar? Can summer abide on
Mount Blanc? Will flowers blossom in
bell?" ;
Mark came over to our house at "Washo*
City and for a week was our guest. Ha
Insisted upon having a Maltese cat,
"Jim," for a bed fellow, and Jim, not be
ing accustomed to * tobacco • smoke, -
emerged every morning looking like the
remain* of an ill-epent life.
It was here that Mark first delivered in
Nevada his lecture on the Sandwich
Islands. He was exceedingly nervous
&bout it and though it was received by
th« audience with laughter and appiaus*
he was undoubtedly not Quite satisfied
¦with the result. "Now tell ma honestly."
salfl he, "for I want criticism and not
praise, what do you think of it?" "Sam,"
Ijaid X, "as a humorous writer you bava
no ecual. and you will speedily takt rank.
, both here and In the Atlantic States, as
the first in tha land." "But. as & lecturer,"
he raid," "now tell ma tha truth honestly—
as a lecturer I am a fraud, am X not?"
"You are," I answered. "I suspected as
much." said he gloomily, "but I'll tell you
what it Is. there ere over BOO towns In tba
United States of more than 6000 in
habitants, and I can play them all
once."
Mark Twain, .Daggett, my wife and X
agreed to collaborate in writing a novel.
It was concluded that there should ba no
concert of action, plot or plan between us;
that either should have the right to in
troduce as many characters as ha or sha
desired; that neither should have tha right
to kill, malm. Imprison or exile for Ufa
any character Introduced by another, but
might make such disposition as ha pleased
eX characters of his own creation.
The novel was christened by me; "Tha
Sliver Fiend, a Tale of Washoe," "end X
began the great work with a thrilling de
scription of a runaway team on a moun
tal» road In the Sierras, stopped by a
lariat in the hands of a college athleta,
•who while, on a prospecting tour bad
camped on the mountain eide.
'Daggett commenced his chapter with
the statement that while the horses
stopped, the young man who held the
lariat went on, that the sudden stop
Jerkel him three miles over the mountain
Into a little valley, where there was an
Indian camp. Daggett, who was learned
In savage lore, made an elaborate exposi
tion of Indian customs and the intruder
The scarf was rewrapped and with this
note tied to it was placed in Sam's room.
Shortly afterward he made his appear
ance and proceeded to his room to pre
pare for dinner. Sopn we heard the crock
ery going. "What is the matter, Sam?"
eald Daggett. Thereupon entered Mark
Twain.. with coat and collar off, and,
throwing the package upon the table, he
burst forth: "Read that," said he, flour
ishing the note from Etta, "read that.
That's Just my infernal luck. You hounds
can run the town night after night and
nobody ever eays a word, but I am found
out at once."
He had such a dislike for pharasaical
pretension that he was ever making
mocking Jests upon hia own truthfulness,
Integrity and habits. As a matter of fact.
he was free from the vices of a frontier
community and an honorable and upright
man in his dealings — except In one
particular. He was the most accom
plished midnight mince pie thief that ever
Bpset the calculations of our widow ca
terer. He had, besides, a habit when
things w«?nt wrong of crashing together
the crockery in his room, not so as to
Actually break It, but so ' as to make
ever/ one nervous with apprehension.
One Christmas eve all of us. except
Hark* were seated In the smoking-room
awaiting the announcement of dinner,
when there arrived a lad with a pack
age for Bin Clemens, which he was di-
X«cted to take to the smoking-room. Aft
er hif departure we examined the bundle,
for we were communists In spirit, and
fofir.d that it contained a pretty knitted
"woolen scarf and a card bearing the in
scription. "Mr. Samuel L.. Clemens, from
his friend Etta." "I can improve upon
that message." suggested Daggett, who
was the wag and philosophical dispu
tant and cribbage player of the club, and,
obtaining a sheet of note paper, he wrote
In a fine female hand the following note:
•"Mr. Clemens: The accompanying scarf
having been prepared as a Christmas gift
'for you, it has been determined not to
divert it from Its original destination,
although a knowledge cf your late con
duct having come to the cars of the writer
your owe conscience win tell you that
this must close all communication be
tween us. In which decision my father
and mother concur. Your former friend,
"ETTA."
IN Virginia City, Nevada. In 1S63 a
few cung-enial spirits erected their
¦ • laj-cs and senates under one roof.
One of them was a journalist, who
. gave piquancy and poetry to the
literature ct the Consiock under the ntrni
de plume of Dan de Quille. Another was
Roliin M. Dagg-ctt, subsequently Con
gressman from Nevada and afterward
Mlnlsttr to the court of Kins Kalakaua.
A third was Samuel I*. Clemens, known
to the world as Mark Twain, and the
writer and his family completed the club.
Mark Twain was as humorous In his
private correspondence and private
rpeech as in his published writings. He
cave a friend a strong Indorsement as an
eloquent lecturer and accompanied It
with a note saying, "Now try and not put
the audience to sleep, and don't be the
heedless cause of my first lie." A letter
from his mother contained a pathetic ap
peal: '"Samuel," said she, "why do you
always begin your letters to me by ask
ing conundrums? I am an old woman
and have no taste for them." ¦
LITIGATION
• OF FRONTIER
NEXT SUNDAY
This Is HKe Tliird
of Tiios. FitcK* s •
Splendid Articles
of Mea Wt\o
Made tHe West
SOME OLD
FRIENDS
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
14
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fox* the Form and Complexion.
Ba* been success. .
**$£& CV^ ln * s.ctress«j, stag-
/fejt t%£? "3 and women of
fc.TfsSrra fiT* 1 fashion for mor»
. raKf ** '"^y than 23 years.
\93 «y» jF Wherever *P9Hed
\S T 3 it is Instantly ab-
£% _J sorbed through, ¦ the
13 *K pores of the akin.
Jr t *nd Its wonderful
/y \ nutrition feeds the
.f \. wasting tissues.
f \T> J«a«ovnro
fir#?\ "& naxpxoaa
*^inFV*» . » As if br magfcj, on*
t?Tjf / >-r 1 /T? showing a remark.
"x l l*Jil ,abl» Improvement.
DR CHARLES FLESH FOOD la positively
the only preparation known to medical scteac*
that will round out hollows in the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh ' oa thin cheeky
arms and hands.
FOB DEVELOP13TO THX BUST
Or breasts shrunken from nursing It has th*
highest Indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
ar» often sufficient to make tha bust arm.
large and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AXD OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUOOlSTa
Regular price. Sl-00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxes.
In plain wrapper.
FO pip: — A sample box and our book.
KCD "ART OF MASSAGE." fully fnSi
trated. will be sent free to any lady sendln*
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Addr»sa
D2. CHASL23 CO.. 19 Park PUe*. Hrv T»k.
AUVEB.TISEMENTS.It took old Parson Cucumber three hours to wed the twain,
And Crookneck said on a later day that he stood till he was lame.
Under a beautiful bamboo tree the wedding feast was spread.
And Water Melon ate so much that he was almost dead.
Stewed grass with scalloped leaves and daisies a la mode
Were served in great abundance while wine of. dewdrops flowed.
Salad made of buttercups and milkweed sherbet rare
Were liberally handed out to all who were lucky enough to be there.
After the health of the King was drunk, and also the health of the Queen,
The hosts of subjects loyal and true made merry on the' green.
Policeman Pat Potato had but little time to play, f "
For his duty was to guard the gifts that came on that glad day.
One of the costliest things received was a handsome soup tureen,
And another was a beautiful lamp with a shade of mellow greea.
There were laces and embroideries and forks and spoons and knives
And a thousand other things the pair could keep throughout their lives.
80 many were the handshakes that the King, in some alarm.
Bade the subjects go their ways and let him rest his arm.
The beautiful Queen with graciousness poised her lips to all who came, .
But drew the line on Onion old— and for that no one could blame.
The sovereign and bis consort, by the light of the silvery moon.
Slipped away from the palace royal and went on their honeymoon.
They were absent many days, my sweets, and many a place they saw,
And the pair could do much as they liked, for the monarch's word was law.
The joy that reigned when they came back was great and unconfined,
And the 13ng, to show his gratitude, was very good and kind.
He created knights and barons and dukes and counts and squires
And ho kept the sir aglow for weeks with red and yellow fires.
One night the wizard Qrandpa Prone dreamed that far away
Were lands o'er which tbq monarch could extend his wondrous sway.
He told the Kfaff whet he had Man in vision plain and bright,
And the sovereign slapped him on the back and said he must be right.
So, in time, my precious ones, the ruler set about
.To find the lands which Grandpa Prone had told him all about
. '" • 1 \ HE wedding of Princess Artichoke and Monarch Pump
- y^U& t^k kin zrand
''•J^^^V-'' W M tte cause °* K*" cat rejoicing throughout the sov
• *^rff3 /j k w, ereign's land.
.* |-° . From all parts of the kingdom broad — from distance
. : . 'short and long —
•Qainte htppy-heixted lubjects true to swell the joyous throng.
: So- grateful was King Pumpkin to have found the Princess fair
.That he invited to the wedding feast folks from everywhere.
-iFtom down among the marshlands came Cranberry small and red, : *
.Who qcickly found marked favor with the kingdom's royal head.
fTTse very winsome Pepper boys— Red and Green, you know,
.Trudged o*cr hill and flatland to be present at the show.
•Prominent among the others who swarmed from every side
•Were*' the worthy Colonel Hubbard Squash and his dainty scalloped bride.
Among tfao f»w not present was Commissioner Turnip, Gent.,
Who'd bean ip***—'? about three weeks before in a serious accident.
Tb* beloved ruler of the land, oa the advice of Grandpa Prune,
Araafad so hare his wedding held between ten o'clock and noon.
' ESna; Peter chose for best man the favored Crookneck Squash,
Whose eourage, yotxH remember, was not of the sort that would wash. -
The ajistere Parson Cucumber, who was never known to laugh,
Wea *"pr^ to change the monarch from one to just one-half.
Poor fine nrmridtns played the march, and such music ne'er was heard;
It was a tnUtn— of quick thunder and the piping of a bird.
Dd Pfdde played the clarionet and the drums the Peppers beat,
Aod te »*• old Parsnip lead them was a rare and happy treat.
The honor fell to Qrandpa Prune, old wizard sharp and keen,
.To" give awaj the bride so fair to the kingly one supreme.
At a word from General Pippin, who was Master of the Day,
The bridal party started with flags and banners gay.
It was led by the stately parson, who walked with measured tread
To the heavy shade of a sheltering palm where the solemn vows were said.
The next in line was Strawberry, a favorite of the King,
Arrd he tripped along quite proudly as the bearer of the r!na>
Then followed Dicky Crab Apple with skin of brilliant red, • - ,
And. then Sweet Pepper pranced along with spear high o'er his head. •
The object of all eyes, of course, was the King's fair Queen-to-be, —
Who- in -her gown of dotted silk was a glorious thing to see.
.1-iuk Button Mushroom carried her gorgeous train,
Which she jerked on one occasion and sent h*T" spinning o'er the plain.
But, aside from this one mishap, he performed his duty well,
•And* thereafter in the palace great he as a page did dwell.
•Old Grandpa walked beside the bride and held her dainty hand,
. And whispered words of comfort and told her how to stand.
He'jdso made it plain to her that in the afterlife
She should always .try to make the King a true and loving wife.
."The- merry monarch's coat-of-arms, on a banner rich and rare,
, Was carried just behind the bride by a happy Bartlett Pear.
.The procession, sweets, was wondrous, but of It I can't tell more,
Except to say that none compared to it afterward or before.
THE SUNDAY OALIj.
15
THE WONDERFUL
KINGDOM OF
WONDERFUL
THINGS
tfot staeo the "Brownie*" tort burs* *9** •»' —**—* "** ***
lighted Jtmnlle world have any 1 andful enattffM far children sta
red up such excitement u this M W«nd«fBl Xtofdom of Wonder
ful Things," It i* absolutely original «ad •ofwdaattoflj Tinique
that everybody la readlnj it. Thl» i» the fllxta XtoafceUment, and «»
acavl ©f its insiantaaeoM popnlwtty U«« to «hi •toplo «m» ths*
CsooknoalEod Squash and his rentable host oca be oo •aafly ptefeareA
Sft « child's mind. !THESE -are the names of the
sixty lucky children who won
prizes in the puzzle contest —
the Hames of Ocean Steamers
—published in The Sunday Call of
September 20:
'Lillian Cooper, Suisun; Julius
•Levy, 525 Folsom street, San Fran-
Cisco; Mary Cumhelich, West Oakland;
•Frcnk Hclly, Vallejo; Frank Pen
dergest, Vallejo; Marguerite Bell,
2010 Gutter street, San Francisco;
IS&rsuerite Robinson, Berkeley; Ruth
De-crey, Saa Rafael; Irene Wissing,
210 xourteenth street, San Francisco;
. Helen Baker, Ashland; Ada Macabe,
'Berkeley; Henry Rogers, Vacaville;
E." Perry, San Leandro; Bernice 2Iel
drup. 439 Haisht street, San Francis
cc; R A. M2clean, 1021 Oak street,
San Fraccisco; A. Rothwell, 1531 N
street, San Francisco; T. R.'Laffsrty,
CSinta 'Bosa; Seba Triplett, Vallejo;
H. c To\7nscnd, 671 Tweaty.-seventh
street, Oakland; Jim McCarthy, 1022
Bush street, San Francisco; Eugene
Castle, 2316 Clay street, San Fran
cisco J. B. Burns, Napa; L. B. An
thony; Oroville; A. L. Curtis, 230
Folk street, San Francisco; Earl Clif
•ford, South Vallejo; Raymond Pto
niis, San Jose; George Ruff, 1907
Stockton street, San Francisco; Lav
inia Stone. 1363 Sixteenth street,Oak
land; Lauiie Nelson, 2124 Pacific
avenue, Alameda; A- D. Guenger, Los
Angeles; Florence Murphy, 1118A
Leaven-ETorth street, San Francisco;
Evion Waas, 103 Oak street, San
Francisco; May Taylor, 858 Castro
Etreet, San Francisco; Lydia Love,
Berkeley; Ethel Young, Fresno;
Laura Treat, Sausallto; Mildred Wil
son, Suisun; Martha Marley, Suisun;
Ada Kindall, Corte Madera; Joseph
Schmidt, 3]L9 Grant avenue, San
Fraacisco; Edith Gibson, 1444 Caro
line street, Alameda; Mervyn Col, ;tn
Jose; Harrie Grayson, Vallejo; Leon
Caraeren, 351 Devisadero street, San
Francisco; George Bailey, Stege;
Jj-ene Woods, 1252 Campbell street,
Oakland; H. E. Blake, Atchison; Fred
Hofticr, Oakland; Helena Warness,
1254 Campbell street, Oakland; Wil
lie Ashcr, 524 Post street, San Fran
clscc; Mildred Maurer, Alameda;
Margaret Hughes, 1458 Guerrero
street, San Francisco; Stella Perry,
San Leandro; Celia Coleman, 524
Post street, San Francisco; Milton
Smith;- 1039 Howard street, San
Francisco; A. W. Kennedy, 1630
Market street, San Francisco; Annie
Cumheiich, 1516 Seventh street, West
Oakland; Juanita Waterman, 1117
Devisadero street, San Francisco;
Minnie Hostrauser, 4 7 7 Hobart
street, Oakland; Ivy Bauer, 1603
Tillmore street, San Francisco.
Prize Winners of
. September 20.
Pj*tz$.
r«Narn^--^T HeW^T an d Win a VaTUabT$
*T!hes€ P^ct^sRsp^sen^^^ne D^h^n^ K^n^s of Boat*
SEND IN YOUR PICTURES.
*>* H,- CHILDREN! What did ; the Puzzle Editor - prophesy? THE NEW HONORARY PHO
f\ TOGRAPH GALLERY OF PRIZE; .WINNERS " IS • A GREAT SUCCESS. Already the pio
rr!j. tures are beginningto come in at a lively, rate .that ; promise* great things for the future even
X though the new scheme is only a week old. Just look at those two boys and two girls. They're all
all. four prize winners,* which is sufficient in itself to 'stamp .them as among the brightest, cleverest,
most wide-awake children in the whole West. And think, too, what a good example they have set yon.
So remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win a prize, but to get your picture pub
lished as well.' The Puzzle Editor wants 'all prize winners from now on to send in their pictures — any
sort,' every sort of photograph, the whole* 'siityWvery' week *if' possible. Begin right now. Don't wait.
The more .the merrier. . There can't be too many. But • remember only the prize winners can have
their pictures published. ' .'• *;"¦; '"¦'¦' '" "*¦" *"
¦ It is Just to -make room for these photographs that .the Fairy Riddles have been omitted from
this page. Besides that it makes these puzzle contests ever so much easier. You can all get a prize
now.-; Try. it and; if you win, don't forget to send, your,. photograph.
Each of the Nine pictures in this, the sixth contest of the FIFTH SERIES of Name Puzzles, rep
resents the**name" of ra'difterent kind of .boat Can you guess?-: Ah! There is rich reward for you if you
can. Now is your chance. Remember there will be a SPECIAL $5 and ?1O prize for the highest percent
age of the whole •thirteen weeks of the Fift'i' Series; < * i . *
And now listen carefully: THERE ARE SIXTY PRIZES, and this is what you must do to win
one of them:' ' ' ¦ ' '* *'"¦ ' ' ¦ ':-:.' » ' . ,_ 4 ¦'• *"*-' •.-'¦•••.-
OR A BOX' OF SUPERFINE FRENCH PAINTS.
,: j. Find the name .of Nine different-kindsof boats represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on this*
page, and write it out in full in the space opposite the proper corresponding number provided for the
purpose in the on ythls^paga, as;, per .directions;; fill in the coupon with your name and address
and the prize you desire^-if you win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the EDITOR OF
THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, Cal.
REMEMBER— To 'the PIB3T SIXTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the Nine Name Puzzles
correctly," one of these SIXTY BEAUTIFUL PHIZES will be awarded.
And don't forget this next point, because it is very important: at.t. ANSWERS MUST RSACB
THIS OFFICE' BY FRIDAY NOON. This gives "all ' tLose in the country an equal chance to compete.
Bead everything on this page, to be sun that you overlook nothing that will help yon to win a prize.
-¦ THE NAMES i OF THE LUCKY"^NNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FEOM TO : DAY, October 18.
These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may select if you solve all the pira
cies correctly: .Treasure Island, by Stevenson;. Two Years Before the Mast, by Dana; Samantha at
Saratoga, by Holley; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; A Christmas Carol, by Dickers; A Dog of
Flanders,*by:Ouida;GulUver's. Travels, by Swift; The Magic Nuts, by Molesrworthj The Little Lama
Prince, by Mulock; The Blithedal* Romance, by Hawthorne; Kidnaped, by Stevenson; Uriels Tom's
Cabin, by, Harriet Beecher Stove; Through the Looklrg-glass.and What Ailce Found There, by Carroll;
Vic— The Autobiography of a Fox Terrier, by Marsh; Rip Van Winkle, fay Irving;; Rab and His Friends,
by Brown; The Courtship of Miles Standish, by Longfellow; The Advtntures of a Brownie, by Mulock;
Black Beauty, by Sewell, and Lad die and Mis* Toosey's Mission.
THE SUNDAY CAM*
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Bill Cut the Coupon
and Send It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, &. F.
To Puzzle Zditor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below irt their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine Different
Kinds of Boats rapresented in
this week's name puzzles:
2 „
8 ......
« ....
5 ,...•-
" T'lni minm —
7 .._
" ••*• a •...«.. A .i*.** •¦••««*•«*•»
• ••>• • tltlllMlfO
October 4, 1903. V.
*MM - - - -¦¦Hum tm , |
Street «r P. O. •»««.
*,
mi*
8tata ituti^nu.
If I win I choose for prize
(8ft List of PrtMa.)Sunday Call Comic SectionThe
THE STJKDAY GAIL.'THE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.WALKING DELEGATE PARKS
BEATEN BY BUCHANAN IN
IRON WORKERS' CONVENTION
RUSSO-AUSTRIAN DECISION
TO ENFORCE REFORM POLICY
MAY PREVENT BALKAN WAR
DIPLOMATS WHO HAVE FOR
MULATED RUSSO-AUSTRIAN
BALKANS PROGRAMME.
NEW PRESIDE^TT OF THE
IRONWORKERS AND HIS DE
FEATED RIVAL.
Continued on Page 23, Colximn 3,>
• ;ROMB,; Oct.- 3.— The first encyclical of
Pope^Plus.X was publlshed^to-day. His
Holiness '.declares -that, he accepted 'the
pontificate with 'reluctance, believing that
he was < unworthy to , succeed; so great a
predecessor. .The encyclical urges the co
operation'of the Bishops in re-establishing
the empire of. Christ on earth 'and enjoins
them", to 1 maintain Intact the dogma of the
sarictity'of ithe •marriage tie. ; ,
.'^The encyclical 'concludes by/ claiming
llbertyi and Independence ! for : .the church.
Urges Co-Opera tion of the Bishops in
il Be-Establishing Empire of Christ
"on Earth".
POPE * PIUS PUBLISHES
" 1 HIS FIRST* ENCYCLICAL
8 Doherty went N upstairs and trained . the
landing first and Comstock grabbed him
by the heels, making a low flying tackle.
Both men fell, ; but the physician was
the first on hla feet he struck
Comstock or not cannot, be ascertained.
because > no one who" was ' disinterested
was present, but in\ the | succeeding, scuf
fle Comstock was badly hurt and I In a
fall down the stairway ; he i sustained a
fractured rib and injury^ to the thigh*be
sides numerous ' other " bruises. /
Comstock rah to the door, where he had
a special officer" waiting. He called the
officer -and together they arrested Dr.
Doherty.'.' ,
Comstock said that he had corresponded
with Dr. Doherty under the name of "D.
8 tan ton, Anbury Park, t N. J.'," and had
sent, for a pamphlet that, it Is alleged,
was advertised by the physiotan.; Copies
of ' the | correspondence and of the pam
phlet were in the bag , which
carried. Comotock eald he wanted ' the
goods advertised In the pamphlet and Dr.
Doherty went- for them. Corns took In
formed Dr. | Doherty that . he was an offi
cer and that ha had come to arrest him.
NEW. HAVEN, Conn., Oct. 3.— Anthony,
Corns tock left this city . this evening for
his. home in New Jersey, with one broken
rib and serious bruises 'on his thigh. He
said that Dr. J. J. S. Doherty ¦ of 9 Syl
van avenue, once a political power here;
was responsible for his painful " physical
condition, but he was pleased • that Dr.-
Doherty did not escape. from his clutches,
because It was while * he wa^ trying to
arrest the physician ¦ that the' strenuous
adventure befell the agent of; the Society
for the Prevention of . Crime. ' ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Reformer Badly In
jured in Making
Arrest.
STRENUOUS
TIMES FOR
COMSTOCK
Marshall Hale asked to be excused from
making . a . speech" as -speech [ making, was
not in" his line.'"; He was confident that Mr?
Crocker • would - be • • elected Mayor. --The
confidence was based . on ; the • knowledge
B. D. ! Pelx'otto^'promised to bring all ; the
energies " he 5. possessed ..to the support of
Henry' J. .Crocker. and. the entire'; Republi
can ticket..., .:.»'. < 1 :*'..\ : ... . ... ¦':.. i
Colonel George : H.' Pippy, ' president of
the - Union ; League - Club, I was " the . next
speaker. He spoke In * glowing i terms of
the prospects ' of : Republican 'success- In
this campaign: • / '; ¦ " j' •" i
' C. B. Rode' impressed upon the ' meeting:
the necessity of: active V work ; south « of
Market street and along. the water * front. 1
He.sald:, .. ¦'' r^~ ¦'¦¦¦¦'¦ ' .' ".'¦;¦¦,¦
"I live among the laboring. men" and I
know they are ' tired \ of, Mr. I Schml tz. " '
ELECTION IS PREDICTED.
. At the outset he predicted . Mr. i Crock
er's election by 8000 majority. In sub
stance he said:
The Republicans, of -San Francisco have
been able to secure for- the first place
on the municipal ticket an acceptable, in
telligent and able business man. It will
be tnrfprtunate for the city if you mer
chants fall to bring about his election.
Tha opportunity to render the city a great
and laptlnr service is yours, and you . Bhould
not neglect It. If you - Republican merchants
vote for him, stand by him and sustain him
as he oupht to bo sustained he will- be
elected by 8000 majority. All that we ask is
that Republicans fall Into line for thei ticket.
The only place for the J Republican merchant
who talks of voting for 'Lane In. this election
Is the Home for the Feeble-minded. .(Applause.)
There Is nothing: misty , or J obscure r In the
present contest. Either; CrocXer or > Schmfti
will ba elected. \ I know something: or the po
litical conditions of San Francisco. I know
that the great solid Democratlo vote of San
Francisco is south' of Market street and there
It where Bchmit* will derive ( hi*, rreattst
strength.
It often '. happens that you merchants : and
builncu men do a *reat deal of - knocking- - In
m. quiet way. You sometimes stand by and ask
others, "What' ar* you doing-?" instead of put
ting your handi in your pockets and your shoul
der to the wheel, jj There j U < a> great deal of
legitimate expense connected with th* proatou
tlon of an active, vigorous campaign. .Adver
tising-, bonfires, music, printing, etc., must be
provided. I ' propose to talk ' to | you ' straight.
Tou cannot expect' the candidate* to ! furnish
the legitimate ainews. - - It ! is your duty:'' and
obligation to ¦ provide th« r mean*. ; You * owe it
to the. city. .The people have just voted to ex
pend eighteen million dollars . In publlo Im
provements. Do . you . . want , j such - men as
Bchmltz's appointees— such men as {constitute
the Board . of r Public "Works—to ; ; expend ¦ i this
money? You are deeply, r vitally Interested.'
There . Is no , organization to J fore* j you j to do
your duty,' but you must act* to j protect j your
selves and the city. You have the means/ the
intelligence j and the "strength.; | Now I work is
required of 'you. (Great 'applause.)'
REPUBLICAN SUCCESS. . C V i
sembled ¦ to . advance the*- work
of organizing a . Crocker campaign club.
Great enthusiasm was displayed/ The ut
most confidence in the winning ability of
Mr. Crocker was expressed. ..When the
meeting adjourned • three rousing cheers
were given for the Republican ticket:' ]
The business men who participated in
the meeting belong to the progressive, go
ahead class— men : who entertain the sen
timent that the charter \ was. created to
advance the city and to minister to the
wants of- the people rather than to. pro
vide easy berths and fat > salaries for a
horde of ; Job-chasing politicians at~ the
City ;Hall. • Reference to "the ' waste -arid
extravagance v of . ". Schmiti's - Incompetent
Board^of^Public^.wSrks^wMjreeiylx^^
Lane's lack' ' orfbuadnesg^knowlediii Vwas
commented upon, but : no one : suggested
that- his- candidacy;' was -formidable.' —^V
The meeting • at ' tha > clubrooms was
called to^order. at .i:30:p/ml by; Julius
Kahn. He announced that a few of;Hen
ry J. Crocker's '• personal frlends'in".busi
ness circles had come together, ¦ to ' con-,
elder measures for the organization 'of a
fromldable Crocker club and 1 to arrapge
the preliminaries for. an important meet-
Ing of business men on Monday evening,
October B, at- Union Square Hall.
Former, United States Senator,. A: P.
Williams, president of the United Repub
lican League, was Invited by. Mr. Kahn
to say a-- few. words to the Republicans
present. Applause greeted the introduc
tion of the able business man and vet
eran statesman. • Mr.~ Williams cut out the
fancy trimmings and gave his Republican
hearers the straight goods.
n, n HERB was plain common
r H ~\ sense talk at the Union League
By yesterday, ; where seventy • or
M more of Henry J. Crocker':*
JBL friends In business' circles as-
Lane Is Not Classed
as a Formidable
. Adversary.
Enthusiastic Meeting
at Union League
Club Rooms. \
Strike, for Washhouses.
; SPRINGFIECd; 111!. Oct. 2.— Eleven
hundred miners In the Springfield district
have struck because the operators have
• Buchanan was elected on the first bal
lot, and when the result .was announced
he was cheered lustily. Samuel Parks,
sinking closer Into his chair, heard the
result without comment, except to say, "I
lose." : A personal encounter had been
predicted if he should lose, but after the
applause for the successful candidate had
ended Parks and his followers made no
move for a counter demonstration. In
stead Parks quietly counseled those about
to "hurry the rest through."
-The other officers elected were: Wil
liam McCain. Kansas City, Buchanan ad
herent, first vie© president; J. w. . Johns
ton, New. York City, secretary-treasurer.
¦ The. only real contest/ aside from that
of president, was for secretary-treasurer,
the -Buchanan crowd naming James L.
Melton of Plttsburg. Johnston, the in
cumbent, who ia a Parks man, waa elected
by a vote, of 48 to 38.
\The executive board as selected follows:
H.~~F. Burke, Philadelphia: J. Coakley,
Plttsburg;: John Pollock," Newark, N. J.,
and J. J., Barry, '-St. Louis.
• Before his departure Parks said:
"We will- go back to. New York and
take, up the fight. where we left off, with
the: full support of the International As
sociation^and*wlth the consciousness that
we* are right arid we will win the greatest
battle "ever waged against, organized mo
nopoly and greed. In a general way, I
am satisfied, for. I will, control a majority
of the executive board. elected to-day."
•*, following this afternoon, when he
was ; re-elected president of the Interna
tional-Association of Bridge and Struc
tural Iron Workers over Hugh F. Don
nelly of Albany, N. Y., by a vote of 43
to 40. After the election, and while Parks
and his delegates from New.Tork were
hurrying'from the hlllto catch their train
for the East; the regular order of busi
ness was suspended while the convention
.unanimously passed a resolution pledging
full support toXocal No. 2, the New York,
walking delegate's union, he departed
amid a storm of applause. Parks claims
a majority of the executive board. To
ronto, Canada, was chosen as the place of
the n*xt ; convention. ¦-> -r ¦
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 3.-Frank
Buchanan of Chicago won a final
victory over Samuel Parks and his
Trouble Will Follow
/ Return of Delegates
. to New York.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 3.— Contrary to
expectations the Pencoid Iron Works did
not shut down to-day. A notice waa
posted in the steer mill, however, that on
October 5 wages would be reduced from
10 to :0 per cent. flSM
Wtrges Reduced at Iron Works.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 3.— Unless the dif
ferences at the new Philadelphia plant of
the American Sheet Steel Company are
adjusted* by Monday, a general strike at
all the union works of that company ia
threatened by the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers. It
Is alleged that the American Sheet Steel
Company has violated the agreement at
this works, in limiting the output
Strike Impends at Steel Works.
LACROSSE, Wls., Oct. t— Two persons
were killed, three fatally Injured and a
score of others badly hurt in a tornado
which swept Independence. Wls., and the
surrounding country this afternoon. Many
farm buildings in the storm's path were
torn down. At Eagle Valley north of
here, the Reformed Church waa de'stroyed
and houses on the prairie surrounding
were demolished. Several small buildings
were overturned at Lacrosse, but no fa
talities were reported.
failed to comply with the law providing
that the operators shall erect washbouses
near tire mines. It Is believed the strike
will not last long.
Two Silled, Three Fatally Hurt at
Independence.
PABMS DEVASTATED.
At 2:30 the storm cloud was seen ap
proaching from the southwest and there
was an immediate scramble for places of
safety. The tornado struck the town
from the southwest quarter and mad© a
'clean sweep through it, following almost
entirely the line of the main street and
devastating buildings on either side. Then
the residences farther back were struck
and many of them blown completely
away. It seems almost miraculous that
there was mot a greater loss of life. Four
of those killed were ia John Eben's sa
loon -when it collapsed and they were
burled beneath the wreckage. Two others
were in a dry goods store, which was
blown away, and they were killed by the
falling walls. Edward Peters of Dover
was killed In the wreck of the hotel. The
telephone exchange was demolished and
two of the girls were seriously injured.
Their names are not obtainable to-night.
Blankenberg was the proprietor of a
large grain elevator and he was caught In
the wreck when this was destroyed. He
was seriously injured.
EDWARD PETERS of Dover. V<pn.
Th© Injured: . Jacob Helm, farmer.
crushed, fatally hurt; Blankanberg.
seriously hurt; Pike, farmer's boy,
fatally injured; P. N. Rockaway, skull
crushed, will die; daughter of Paul John
son, farmer, fatally crushed; Jacob Mur
phy, crushed 'about body, will die; D. J.
Chandler, head cut; Ezra Stevens, foot
crushed; Agent Walte of the Chicago
Great iWettern. bruised by falling tim
bers; L. Sheridan, back sprained; Judge
Edward Gould, legs broken; C. W. Bab
cock of Chicago, leg fractured, feet
crashed and face lacerated; Schless
lnger, farmer, badly bruised; William
Stevens, bruised; Mrs. Dr. Rollir.3, should
er dislocated, ankle sprained; Baby Rol
lins, face cut; family of six, names not
given, all slightly injured.
The entire main street of the town was
literally wiped out, hardly a business
place being left standing. Forty-two resi
dences also were destroyed and the total
property damage Is estimated at S10O.0CO.
Among the buildings demolished were
the Central School building, the Chicago
and Great Western depot, the Catholic
Church and Parrott's wagon works.
This being Saturday people from, the
surrounding farms had gathered In larg©
numbers in the main street to do their
customary shopping.
ST. PAUL. Minn., Oct. S.— The littla
town of St. Charles, In "Wlnona County,
was almost completely wiped out by a
tornado this afternoon. Seven people were
killed and twenty-eight were Injured,
many of them seriously.
The dead:
JOHN EBENS SR.
"WILLIAM EBENS, his ion.
"WILLIAM ADAMS.
OSCAR CRITTENDON.
GEORGE JESSON.
EDWARD MURPHY.
St. Charles Reduced to Mass
of Wreckage by Furious
Wind.
Forty-Two Homes Lev
f eled in Path of
Storm.
Seven Are Killed
and Many Are
Injured.
MINNESOTA
TOWN RAZED
BY TORNADO
PARIS, Oct. 8.— The wedding, of Dr.
Banger of San. Francisco to Miss Marthe
Roy , de Montagny occurred , here to-day
In the Church of St. Augustine, 7 The Pope
sent bis benediction.
San • Franciscan Weds in -Paris.
ALL GOULD COMPANIES
WILL BE CONSOLIDATED
One Securities - Holding Corporation
•Will Absorb Stock of Railroad*
Controlled by Family.
, NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The Commercial
Advertiser says; George J. Gould has in
formed some of the largest stockholders
jdi railroads controlled by him that wltnln
"a Ehorftimc a plar for the consolidation
all the Gould companies into one se
curities holding corporation will be sub
mitted to a vote of the stockholders. In
asmuch f.s the Gould family and affiliat
ed Interests own an-1 control all of (the
'raiirotids in the GouM system there isllt
*tle doubt of a prompt indorsement of the
plan proposed. The proposed consolida
tion of the Gould interests does not con
template any additional issue of stocks.
BILLJXGS. Mont.. Oct. 3.— Four masked
rr.fn entered a salon her© early this morn-
Ing, and stole the safe, containing 91000.
When the robbers entered the saloon the
leader leveled a revolver at the bartender,
'who was the only occupant of the place,
V.hKe.the others bound and gagged him.
Thr;- loaded ihe safe, weighing several
hundred pounds, into a buggy and drove
to t£e southern boundary of the city,
where" they attempted to blow it open
with powder. Before they succeeded ia
opening the safe a posse put la an ap
pearance and frightened the robbers
'away.
Hold Up Barkeeper and Carry Away
Treasure, but Abandon It
When Pursued, ;
MASKED MEN STEAL
'; SAFE FROM A SALOON
This is the first, official statement that
has been made by the Postmaster Gen
eral concerning the completion of .the in
vestigation and the report of the Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General. The re
port will not disclose the evidence , on
which Machen, Beavers and others have
been indicted. That evidence will be held
back for the • trials of the Indicted of
ficials. It is said at the ' Postofflce - De
partment that this is the only reason why
an investigation by Congress would -not
be welcomed. They do nyt care to have
Congress make . public evidence which
will be Important at tho trials, so that
the defendants will have possession of
the Government's case and know how to
meet it.' " .
. "I hardly think it will be ready In that
time, but surely within ten days. Mr.
Bristow has been working for four weeks
on th© preliminaries of his report. He
has none over th© cases where indict
ments havo been returned and as soon as
the work of the Grand Jury Is over he
will be able to bring his report to com
pletion without much trouble."
"I presume it will be forthcoming very
soon aftf r the Grand Jury Is through."
"Within the week?"
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— '.'When the
Grand Jury of the District of Columbia
adjourns Monday the Investigation of af
fairs in the Postoffic© Department may be
considered as having been completed,"
Postmaster General Payne said this af
ternoon. ¦
: ""When will Fourth Assistant Postmas
ter General Bristow have his report of
the investigation completed?" was asked.
Postmaster General Discusses Inves
tigation of Department and Bris
tow's Expected Report.
GRAND JURY'S WORK
ALMOST > COMPLETED
According to Turkish reports, the revo
lutionists massacred the . people, burned
the town of Razlog and the Turkish pop
ulation and troops departed,. leaving -the
place in the hands of. insurgents. These
reports the Insurgents deny.
BEIRUT. Syria. Oct. 3.— Khalid Pasha,
the new Vail of Beirut, has arrived here.
Courier dispatches received at the Mace
donian revolutionary headquarters to-day
repeat the reports of the massacre of all
the Christians in the town of Razlog
(Mehomla), by Turkish troops last Sun
day. The Bulgarian Government was not
represented In Eastern Macedonia, hence
no official Information is obtainable, but
the foreign office here . says , that several
hundred Christians ' are believed to havo
been killed. . '. '..,''
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 3.— Prince Ferdi
nand, accompanied by his mother and
children, arrived here to-day.- His coming
at this time Is regarded as tending to
show that war Is not expected.
Th© Neu© Frel© Presse's correspondent
at Muerzsteg, Styrla, near which place
the Czar and Emperor Francis Joseph are
hunting, telegraphs that the repatriation
of the Macedonians who have fled to Bul
garia was discussed at the conference be
tween Counts Latnsdorfr and Goluchow
sky, and that all the signatories to the
treaty of Berlin will be apprised of the
agreements reached "by means of identical
notes which will be published simultan
eously.
VIENNA. Oct. 3.— M. SawinskI, Foreign
Minister Lamsdorft's secretary, has is
sued a statement regarding the result of
the conference In Austria between Count
Lamsdorff and Count Goluchowski, the
Austro-Hungarion Foreign Minister, say-
Ing In part that It reached a determina
tion that the two powers shall continue
th© Balkan policy arranged last winter.
The programme for reform. In Macedonia
then drawn up, however, has been es
sentially extended and elaborated.
The secretary characterized th© state
ment that Russia had demanded the free
passage of her chips through th© Dar
danelles as being quite Incorrect and add
ed that the Ministers' conference Includ
ed the whole area of th© European Near
East, with the exception of old Albania,
and gave repeated evidence of entire ao
cord in the views of Count Lamsdorff
and Count Goluchowski. In consequence
of the agreement the powers need not
fear war between Turkey and ' Bulgaria,
nor any great difficulty In the execution
of the reforms.
SALONICA. Oct. 8.— At the village of
Kobcharlna, Inhabited by Turks,
600 houses are reported to have
been burned, most of the Inhabi
tants being killed.
It Is reported that a Turkish convoy
was recently attacked In the Fiorina re
gion aud that eighty of the soldiers were
killed.
Macedonians^ Charged
With Massacre
of Turks.
Colonel Savage has had a varied career.
He was born in Utlca on June 12, 1846, and
graduated from West Point in 186S. ; From
JS71 to 1874 he served In the Egyptian
army. In May, 1898, he was appointed se
nior major of the Second United States
Volunteer Engineers and served during
the war with gpaln, personally hoisting
tho first American flag in Havana.
' NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Colonel Richard
Henry Savage, author, soldier and law
yer, author of "My Official Wife" and
many other novels, was run over on Sixth
avenue to-day and now lies in Roosevelt
Hospital seriously Injured.
Colonel Savage was attempting to cross
the avenue near Forty-second street when
a wagon ran him down, the wheels pass-
Ing over his body. A surgeon found that
he had sustained fractures of three ribs
on the. right side of th© body and of two
on the left, besides several severe contu
sions of the head. He was hurried to the
hospital, and to-night his condition was
said to be serious.
Wagon Runs Down
Richard Henry
Savage. 1
INJURY MAY
END LIFE OF
A NOVELIST
¦' The contractors against whom true bills
tYcj* voted are: James A. Miller of James
, A. -Miller "& Bro.; James H. Perkinson of
ftrkinson & Brown; "William H. Keuster
of Yeldham'& Keuster Company; Fred
erick E. de Connlngh of Sykes Steel Roof
if.g- Company; Henry F. Bremer of
Eremer & Blelningberg; Harry S. Farwell
of the Farwell Cornice Company; Edwin
' Is." Hyde of J. C. McFarland & Co.; John
C. McFarland cf John C. McFarland &
Co.; -Albert. J. Wagner of "Wagner Bros;
Louis C. Herman; Harry C. Knisely of
the Harry C. Knisely Company; John A.
Kn/seJy of Knisely Bros.; Richard "W.
Krlisely of Knisely Bros.; Arthur "W.
Cooper of A. W. Cooper & Co.; Charles
Lader of th© Allen Cornice and Corrugat
lr.gr- Worfce ; Frank Voightman of Voight
xnan.& Co. ;' Johnston H. Mclley and Mar
tin L. Jer.r.lngs of the McHey-Jennlngs
Ccrnlc© Company; Owen R. "Williams of
fhe Griffin Cornice Works.
. . The Indictment of the contractors was
the last act of the Grand Jury, which ad
journed a three ¦weeks' session immediate
"ly afterward. Three witnesses gavo evi
dence In the cases. They were B. A. Rls
(Jon, a contractor and formerly a mender
of the Sheet Metal Contractors' Associa
tion, which he accused of having ruined
his business; John C Reuttlng-er of the
"Williams-Grace Company, a firm of gen
eral contractors, and Edward C. Douglas,
formerly a Bhect metal contractor, the
gist of whose testimony was that the de
fendants Illegally conspired t# ruin the
business cf Certain contractors not In the
pooL • " •
'• It was charged that the contractors
pooled all contracts and compelled the
public to pay the prices secretly agreed
upon, while Individual members pretended
to be bidding against on© enother.
* The Indicted men Immediately got Into
.cwrmunlcation with Assistant State's At
torney-Barr.es and asked that they be
pivcn time to com© Into court and give
br'nd. Their reauest was granted and
I3arr.es ordered that no capiases Issue for
t^'eir" arrest. The contractors promised
to «ppev at the ' State's Attorney's of
fice, en Monday and give bond, which was
foe* In each case at $1500.
""Th» offense with which the men ax«
charged .is. 3. felony under the law and Is
f'jrJshable with a fin© not to exceed $2000
e.r.i imprisonment In the penitentiary for
a term; r^ot exceeding flv© years, or by
bolh fine and Imprisonment. Th© cases
e gainst the contractors will be placed
Cpon the docket of the criminal court
and will com© up tor trial in the regular
crdpr. -
CHICAfJO, Oct. 3.— Indictments against
nineteen members of the sheet metal con
tracting' firms -were returned to-day by
the.Gnjnd Jury. The men were charged
with "conspiracy to do an Illegal act In
restraint of public trade." and with "con
spiracy to cheat and defraud."
Epedal I>iepatch to The Can.
Are Accused of Pooling Bus
\ "mess at the Expense of
*• : . the. Public.
Ifetony Charges Con
• front Sheet Metal
Firms.
.CMcago Combine's
/^Members Face
• Prosecution.
CONTRACTS
INDICTED BY
GRAND JURY
BUSINESS MEN OF SAN FRANCISCO RESOLVE TO LEAD ACTIVE
SUPPORT TO HENRY J. CROCKER IN HIS FIGHT FOR MAYORALTY
SEVENTY of Henry
J. Crocker's personal
friends in business cir
cles met at the ' Union
League Cltibrooms yester
day afternoon to make ar
rangements . for the organ
isation of the Crocker Busi
ness Men's Club at \ Union
square Hall, on Post street,
to-morrow evening.:. The
greatest enthusiasm in the
Republican cause was devel
oped. Leading men who
have studied Hhe^ political
situation and considered the
significant- conditions of the
campaign predicted the
election of Mr. Crocker by
a large majority. V
K^O^pQ /] fn \)
The San Francisco Call.
Pages 21 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903— FORTY-EIGHT PAGES.
VOX.T7ME XC1V— NO. 126.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.Organizer and Secretary of the Los Angeles Club Which
Set a Barrier Against the Marriageable Belles of the
Southland Falls Victim and Astonishes Host of Friends
CUPID TETHERS A BACHELOR
WHO LAUGHED AT WEDDINGS
BACHELORS' CLUB ORGANIZ
ER . j AND YOUNG LADY HE
WILL 'MARRY.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 3.—Profes
sor Julius Gocbel, head of the German depart
ment, and Instructor E. K. Putnam of the
English department have bt-en elected prest.
dent and secretary re»Dectlvely of the Uni
versity Philological Agsoclatlon.
WICHITA, Kans.. Oct. 3.— David Na
tion, divorced husband ; of Mrs. Carrie
Nation, was taken suddenly ill yesterday
at Medicine Lodge, Kans., and died this
afternoon.
Carrie Nation's Ex-Husband Dies.
WHATCCM. Wash.. Oct, 3.— A receiver
hes been appointed for Grecnburg Bros.,
dry poods dealers of this city, at the In
stigation cf San Francisco creditors. The
aggregate of the claims of the San Fran
cisco houses is 425,000. Their estimated
assets are JDO.OOO.
Receiver for a Whatcom Firm.
SAN'TA CRUZ. Oct. 3.— At a meeting of
the citizens held at the Courthouse the
new Santa Cruz committee, which was in
charge of the summer festivities, gave a
report, in which it was announced that
the receipts for the season were $9004 and
the expenditures JSG54. A vote of thanks
vas tendered the committee, which con
sisted of F. W. Swanton. H. E. Irish T
W. Kelly and R. S. Miller.
Santa Cruz Festivities Profitable.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.— A reduction of
about ten days In the time for malls from
Seattle, Wash., to Tanana, on the Yukon
River, Alaska, is expected to be effected
by a contract awarded by the Postofflce
Department to-day for service on a new
route from Valdez to Tunana, 620 miles
distant. James Fish of Valdes was given
the contract at $1500 a round trip, which
is to be made twice a month between De
cember 1 and April 30, 1904. The route will
connect with that down the Yukon to St.
Michael and Nome and will run via the
mouth of Chistochena River, Chlsna, the
mouth of the Alelta River, Fairbanks and
Chena.
tween Seattle and
Tan an a.
Ten Days Will Be Cut On* Time Be-
NEW. ALASKAN MAIL
SOTJTE ESTABLISHED
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
Washington— Almira L. Gampp, Getchell,
Snohpmish County, vice May J. Cady, re
signed; Charles A. Andrews, Nighthawk,
Okanogan County, vice W. T. Peterson,
resigned.
Army order— The leave of absence
granted First Lieutenant R. K. Spiller,
Twenty-sixth Infantry, Department of
California, has been extended three
months.
WASHINGTON, Oct 3.— Postofflces es
tablished: California— Shady Run, Placer
County. Grant W. Wheeler, postmaster;
Thalheim, Stanislaus County, Fred D.
Yolkman, postmaster. Washington —
Queets, Chehalls County, Harry D.
Thompson, postmaster.
Postofflces discontinued, October 14, Cal
ifornia—Cataract, Siskiyou County, mail
to Eeswick; October 31, Oregon— Osborn,
Eaker county, mail to McElwen; Cold
Springs, Crook County, mail to Crook.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Wiiilam Fraaer, Duncans Mills; Oregon —
Walter J. Powell, Stafford.
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
and Several New Postmasters
Appointed.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
. Mr. Hutchinson, from his prominence in
political circles in Southern California,
has a host of friends in this part of the
State who will be pleasantly surprised by
this unexpected breaking of the bonds of
bachelorhood by one of its strongest mem
bers.
Miss Ludlow is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Manford Ludlow, a well-to-do family
of Hanford. She is a sweet singer, who
has often appeared before Los Angeles
audiences in the past and it is not strange
that her love of music should have been
the means of meeting between her and
her fiance. In 1898 Mr. Hutchinson visited
Hanford in connection with a political
meeting and noticed the young lady, who
sang with such an easy grace before the
large assemblage of men. She had been
kept until ' very late by the lengthy
speeches, but awaited her part with no
shqw : of- impatience . and when her turn
came graciously answered to an encore.
Mr. Hutchinson was interested and con
sidered it an outrage to have kept that
girl there, compelled to listen to those
long, dry speeches, and he proceeded to
and out who she was.
Later Miss Ludlow received a note of
apology from Mr. Hutchison for the long
speeches which had kept her waiting. He
Burely would have been fined had his
bachelor brothers known about any such
overstepping of - their vows, but Cupid
works best in the dark and has a fond
ness for sealed epistles. A correspond
ence ensued and a year, later the wily
manipulator, sometimes •ailed Fate or
Cupid, arranged a meeting in 1S99 at the
Curtner Seminary, Irvlngton. Miss Lud
low and .the prominent member of the
Bachelors' Club saw much of each other,
both in Los Angeles and in Hanford, and
now tho wedding _beHs are to ring in the
Christian Church of Hanford.
known men at the local bar, is to
be married on October 15 to Miss Maud
Ludlow of Hanford. Kings County. It
may seem an inconsistency, but when one
has seen the charming bride-to-be it al
most seems that the penalty should not
be demanded by the club for "such an in
excusable indiscretion" of a supposed-to
be confirmed "bach."
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3.— Organizer,
secretary and attorney of the Los
Angeles Bachelors' Club, Edward
L. Hutchinson, one of the best
Special Dispatch to The Call
The court found him,, guilty of the first
charge and not guilty of the second. The
sentence was that Major Goe be confined
in the limits of his post for eight months
and forfeit $50 per month of his pay for
that period. The sentence was approved
by General Funston.
Charge 1— Conduct to the prejudice of
good order and military discipline in vio
lation of the sixty-second article of war.
SpeciScation 1— In that Major J. B. Goe
v as, Jn the presence of civilians, drunk in
his uniform at the Columbia Hotel at
Vancouver on September 9. Specification
2— In that Major J. B.. Goe was druiik in
Portland September 13.
Charge 3— Disobedience of orders -in vio
lation of the twenty- first article of war.
Specification 1— That Major Goe was in
Portland without leave on September J2
and -received a verbal order from, his com
manding officer. Colonel Huston, by Cap
tain K. S. Walton, to return to his post,
and did willfully disobey the same and
nas absent until he was brought in un
der arrest about 11 p. m. September 13.
To these charges and specifications the
accused pleaded as follows: First speci
fication, llrst charge, guilty/; second speci
fication, guilty; third specification, guilty.
To the second charge MAjor Goe pleaded
not guilty, alleging that his disobedience
v»-£s not willful and thai he had leave of
absence.
VANCOUVER, Wash., Oct. 3.— The find
ings cf the court-martial in the case of
Major James B. Goe, Nineteenth Infantry,
have been made public. Major Goe was
tried on the following charges:
Special Dlepatcb to The Call,
Vancouver Barracks Offic3r
Found Guilty of Drunk
enness.
Court-Martial Sentence
on Major Goe Made
FORFEITS COIN
AND HIS LIBERTY
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 3.— Constable James
N. Boswell, while attending a social given
by the .ladies of Carita Temple. Rathbone
Sisters, to theKnlghta of. 'Py.thias ' last
Constable Surprises Merry-Makers.
. LOS ANGELES. Oct. 3. — ' Municipal |
bonds to ' the amount of $200,000, ¦ issued •
to supply, funds for the erection of a!
Polytechnic High School, were sold to
day to the Los Angeles Trust Company" of j
this city and the' W."R.-8taats Company
of Pasadena. The price paid was par and |
accrued interest, . I
Los Angeles Issues Bonds.
Court Declares Ordinance Defective.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 3.— J. S. Calhoun, an
agent for an Eastern carriage and wagon
company, was to-day granted his dis
charge on a writ of. habeas corpus. The
man was arrested by Constable Gilliam
for a violation of an ordinance which
prohibits peddling vehicles without a li
cense. He decided to test the constitu
tionality of this law and Judge Albert G.
Burnett decided it was meaningless ana
inoperative. The law declared a solicitor
for a non-agent should procure a license,
and should have read a solicitor for a
non-resident.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The following Cal
ifornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— Mrs. J. Copen, at the Herald
Square; V. G. Hush, at the Murray Hill;
B. Nllllam, at the Sinclair; Mrs. Ander
son, at the Manhattan; Mrs. Champlain,
at the* Bartholdi: J. R. Cole, at the Im
perial; Mrs. W. F. Herrin and Miss A.
Herrin, at the Holland; Mrs. J. Manson,
at the Herald Square; R. Murr, at the
Imperial; L. G. Schrisse, at the Barthol
di; Mrs. J. Bradbury and Mrs. L. H. Bry
an, at the Earllngton"; Miss L. Cohen,- at
the Herald Square; R. J. Jones and wife,
at the Marlborough. -
From. Los Angeles— C. L. Heartt. .- Miss
M. Roher and the Misses Strong, at the
Grand Union; W. H. Ellsworth, at the
Albert; H. S. Jones, at the Earllngton.
Fron% ' Oakland— J. Lovejoy, at the-Nor
mandle. . ' - 'r&r?:**?:' ''¦
Calif ornians in New York.
Former .Senator^ Frank ,J. r Cannon of
Utah arrived! from' &alt Lake yesterday
and.is, staying at*; the. Palace.' :i ;"V
Congressman 'J..'W.'Fordhey of Sagi
naw, Mich.', who "is Interested 1h timber
lands in the West, arrived at the Palace
yesterday. . • .
A. :B. .Bowers, who for years has been
battling in the courts over patent rights
to ., dredgers, returned , from Washington
yesterday and is at the'Palace.
A parly, consisting of | Sir ' William D.
Cunningham, who has Tbeen living in Bos
ton for • a number of, years, and C. H.
Husklnson, E.:Van den Nest..F. E. Lam
bert, ; A. -.Dugdal and E/ B. > Webster, all
young Englishmen, arrived at the | Palace
frofn the East yesterday. The gentlemen
are making a hurried tour of this country
as the guests of Sir William.
{.Judge S: Solon Holl of Sacramento Is at
the Grand.' \ ; .'/--/;." * ~* ¦»• ;•. ¦•"¦ -;¦ -*-i_ ;.
j! Dr.'C. W: Nutting and wife- of Etna are
at the Occidental. Y^r: ' '" ; . •: *
C. M. Maze,^ proprietor ot a "hotel at Mo
desto,'is at the Lick. ;. V.
A. L.. McCandlaap, a merchant of , Santa
Cruz, Is at /the Grand.., ..... ,/
2 E...E. Naugrel,-, a lumber man of Chi
cago, is at> the- Palace. ¦. ; .
George B. Lewis ofiShreve & Co. re
turned from the- East last night.
Fred W.Swahtoh, the well-known capi
talist ot Santa"Cruz/ is ; at the Palace.
* CAptaln Samuel ' Jones of the Eleventh
United States Cavalry. and. wife' are regis
tered at the. PalaceT' : x- r *s
' j. Dr; E. B. Pennof. Arizona is at the Cali
fornia.^..' .-;» -.•;.*.' ¦'¦ .i V .''•.•.¦' c
PERSONAL-MENTION.
L. P. Ward's Body to Be Cremated.
The funeral of the late L. P. Ward will
take place this afternoon at 2 o'clock from
the parlors of Porter & White, under
takers, on Golden Gate avenue. The re
mains wlif be cremated at Odd Fellows*
Cemetery.
Commerce will be reported In the state
ment to be Issued on Saturday. October 10.
while the Western National Bank of the
United States will disappear from the
list of New York. Associated Banks. The
required reserve was reduced $1,032,700
through the decrease In deposits, which
sum. deducted from the loss of cash,
leaves $631,800 an the decrease in surplus
reserve, making this Item $13,937,500. Com
puted upon the basis of deposits, less
those of $36,SOS.SOO public funds, the sur
plus is $23,139,700.
The Government deposits were reduced
compared with those of the previous week
by $2,324,000, probably because of distri
bution to some of the Interior banks. The
loans exceeded the deposits by $15,6S3.700,
against $15,702,500 in the previous week.
The average daily clearings of the
banks were $231,000,000, against $176,000,000
In the week ending September 26; the
gain was in great part due to the changes
resulting from the October settlements.
Circulation showed the comparatively un
important decrease of $1800. Comparisons
of changes in loans show that three banks
reduced this item by $6,500,000 net, the
greatest decrease being $4,600,000 by the
Bank of Commerce influenced by prep
arations for the merger above noted.
The cash changes by four banks show a
net gain of $500,000. :
night, chanced to look out of tho eocond
story window just as a man under the
influence of liquor untied tho officers
horse and drove away. The Constablo
shouted to the man and dashed through
the crowded hall, much to the consterna^
tion of the ladies and Knights present,
wto knew nothing of what had happened
Bc"well overhauled the man In a short
distance.
Misses Whiteside. and Weber were sitt
ing in the cab of the engine, conversing
with" the engineer and fireman. They had
just come from a' cannery 'where they
are (employed.' The shock 'of the collision
thTew the/young 1 women, down. ,
.. r Mis"s Weber's "left hip . was fractured
and'she was badly bruished: 'Miss White
s'lcle was severely shaken up and. slightly
bruished.' '•-' . .."' " '. 7 .¦ ., ".;' . ' : .\.- ,
An incoming gravel train crashed into
a yard engine! The switch engine was at
a standstill V' and.- the . gravel . train was
barely moving, 'but the engineer was un
able to stop it: The pilots of both engines
were "wrecked, but* no other damage was
done. Neither of the engines left the
track. . , •
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— Miss Ethel
side and Miss L. Weber were injured in
a collision of freight engines in the nar
row gauge freight yards at 2 o'clock this
afternoon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Girls in an Engine Cab
Suffer in San Jose
Accident.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The Financier
says: The striking feature of the official
statement of the New York Associated
Banks last week was the decrease of
$1,664,500 in cash instead of an increase of
$1, 439,600; as was estimated from the trace
able movements of money, during the
week. The loans were decreased $4,144,
600 during the week, but this was expect
ed as the result of the somewhat violent
liquidation in the stock market this week
and also of the operations incident to the
October settlements.
. The deposits were decreased $4,130,800,
whereas the reduction in loans and the
loss of cash together called for a decrease
of $5,089,100, therefore the statement does
not balance by $1,678,300. It may be noted
that the balance waa probably somewhat
deranged, as was expected by the changes
Incident to the merger of the Western
National Bank of the United States with
the National Bank of Commerce, which
will become effective on AIo:.day next
week, the Increased $25,000,000 of capital
and $15,000,000 of surplus of the Bank of
Statement of New York Associated
Banks Contains Surprise.
STBIKENG CASH DECREASE.
COLLISION ENDS
A SOCIAL CHAT
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— The arrival of
over a • million dollars in gold at San
Francisco from Australia and ita transfer
through the treasury to New York
| had a~.- timely effect upon the money
market. The lateness of the corn ami
spring: wheat crops still deters the move
ment of currency to the West. Some hopo
is Indulged in that the deposit of Gov
ernment funds with Western banks may
lighten the pressure upon New York and
that the reflux of funds from the cotton
region may set in in time to help meet
the Western demand, i \ .
¦ The ' stock market to-day was narrow
and dull and largely confined to profes
sional operations. The movement was de
cidedly irregular, especially at the close,
when some of the leadlirg stocks ran up
to the top level of the day, notably St.
Paul and New York Central, while others
ran off to the lowest, Erie and Missouri
Pacific being conspicuous. The tone was
somewhat unsettled throughout. London's
influence caused the opening decline and
an effective rally was lost on 'the appear
ance of the bank statement. - {.'
The market rallied well and closed Ir
regular, as above indicated. There was
evidence of some left over liquidation and
the outcome of the Baltimore banking
embarrassments was still a small disturb
ing factor on sentiment. Sterling ex
change was easy, and discount rates de
clined in London with reports of large
arrivals of gold from South Africa. New
York's probable coming requirements
upon London for srold thus promise to
be facilitated. There are signs of con
tinuance of arbitrage operations by the
underwriting syndicate by buying United
States preferred and selling the bonds. /
There has been a considerable improve
ment in sentiment in Wall street during
the week as a result of various causes,
but principally the lightening of,the pres
sure of unexplained liquidation which had
been going on for a considerable time and
followed with an urgency and a disre
gard of prices which stamped it unmis
takably as necessitous. Selling of this
character was still in evidence on Mon
day and made the closing of the market
on that day weak to the point of demor
alization. The next day showed a sud
den and unexplained reversal in the
course of prices. It became very evident
in the course of the day that the strong
est banks and capitalists were buying
stocks at various points in the list for
the purpose of supporting prices and
soothing the fears which were threaten
ing to run into panic.
On Wednesday again there was abun
dant evidence that stocks which had been
bought the day before to support the
market .were being sold again and there
were signs of a recurrence of liquidation
which caused the clouds of Bloom to
gather about the Stock Exchange again.
But when this reselling was accomplished
the market took on a more normal ap
pearance of strength and seemed compar
atively free from forced liquidation. . Cou
pled with the uninterrupted fall in the
United States Steel securities the sur
mise waa formed that the. financial trou
ble centered about the' iron and steel in
dustry.. The closing of various mills and
the admitted necessity for. curtailment of
the.pigiron output. gave additional force
to those, surmises and gave rise to an
apprehension that a coming, industrial
depression and an economic crisis was be
ing foreshadowed by the continued de
pression in the securities market.
Arrival of Australian Gold at
San Francisco Has Timely
; Effect.
End of the Unexplained
Liquidation Improves
Peeling.
STOCK MARKET
RALLIES WELL
THE FAN FRAKCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903
22
DR. PIEBCE'S BEHEDIES.
¦ IHR ". t their eyes • on the
/y^fj Even the poor, pant*
y UL f ing suflFerer in the
/~~>*A «ck room was for-
. . gotten whilethe fam-
ily gazed breathless at f this strange
tragedy of the air. Then they went back
to the sick' room to tell of the terrible
ttruggle for life they had just witnessed.
It did not occur to them that tinder their
eery eves a more terrible, more pathetic
struggle was going on daily.
There can be nothing more pitiful
than ; the struggle the ' consumptive
makes ' against disease. The greatest
help in this struggle is gained by the
use of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery. ' It cures obstinate coughs, weak
and : bleeding lungs, emaciation, and
other ailments which if neglected or
unskillfully treated find a fatal termina-
tion in consumption.
"In 1898 one ot my daughters was suffering oa
account of a severe cough, hectic fever, wasting
of flesh and other symptoms of diseased lnnn."
writes Rev. Joseph H. Fesperman. of Barium
Springs, Iredell Co., N. C «I promptly gave
her Dr. R. V. Pierde's Golden Medical Discovery
with gratifying saccess, and she "now eajoy»
excellent health. This being true, I hereby
heartily endorse your medicines." .
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
as good " for, diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs. '
Dr. Piftrce'8 Pleasant Pellets assist the
tcdon ol the PDiacQvenrJ>
ADVERTISEMENTS*
As prescribed by a law
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them"
and'their employes to practice •
the fitting of spectacles and
eyeglasses :
CAUFO»2TIA OPTXOA£ CO,
>^.;.?> 805 JCeamy St.
OEO. H. XAH3T.
301 Kearny St.
HE3TBY KAEIT U CO.
(The Ocularlxun),
642 Market St.
HOGXJE OPTXCA3* CO^
211 Poit St.
BZSSCH fc TTATatTR, ' <
7 Xearny St.
BTAITOASD OPTTCAT, CO
217 ZMUB7 St.
BEBTEUCSO OFT1CAX, CO,
18 Keaxny St.
HASXELi & JO3TE3 OPTICAi CO
143 Grant Ave.
CHXZTO-BXatSTTA OPTlCAZi CO
991 Xarket St.
« . ff8flVlfiffnr«»iff 1 1 ¦ *
_^__ ADVEBTISEMENTS. . ,
g . u jm __ |lu , m , M ¦uMjiaajni I.,. ¦ • •_"
1 ] Can be saved by my infallible cure for the Liquor Habit.
\ I During a period of 14years I have permanently redeemed over
12,000 Victims
From the Curse of Liquor. I
i The flcKanna Treatment
I | f\t\ is the only absolutely safe and positive treatment
I for Alcoholism in the world.
' My methods have evoked the commendation of the
| Medical Profession, the Press/the Masons, and the most I
I distinguished men in the United States. 1
j . Administered solely by its discoverer,
DR. J. J. McKANNA
j °^o^' r a y n^r ght 14 Geary Street,
| Telephone Main 1037 Sail FrailCiSCO
oeeooeo60C9000«e9eoeeoeeoe*«e***o**? #0000 *°*§
• S
S 818-820 YAAPKET 5T., 3AtA FPAK05C0» g
I VEILINGS. T RIBBONS. ; |
• 300 pieces Imported Veiling. Tux- Fancy Novelty Neck Ribbons.
g edo, Spider Web, fancy and plain inches wide; all orettv snaae3. q
9 meshes, new stock. Just arrived; regr. **' „_:_. T - r Z.A Soecial ! * c O
9 50c yard. Special at 25c re £ P" ce '^.[ff , ' : lk <; a
• At 15c a yard, all of our 25c Veil- . Dresden R» bbt g»- •" -.^'xttl O
• Ings;, over nfty different designs to inches wide, an elegant »mporreu »
© select from— per yard 15c novelty; our regular price 5°° P c .5
© Maline or Illusion Veilings, extra yard; on special sale at "p c q
fine quality: special; per yard....$>c * Knotted Rosettes and Alsatian J
O A savins for you— One-third off our jt • r ows ; n ajj desirable shades; 0
O regular price on our elegant stock nair r W5 , m i-,? Mr h 25c ft
© of Mourning Drape Veilings. | fcg. price 4jc; special. . . .eacn ~*> g
0 Great Bargains in Our STATIONERY DEPT. This Week. •
@ No. 314. Eagle Lh-aughting Pencils; reg.- HlJTd'S FillC Stationery. •
8 No^^e^n'bbVoVedP^cilsV-ret Jach per quI re and p,« o f g
a 60c; cut to 33c opes, cut to one-half reg. P» c »--v •
2 Wire Letter Baskets; reg. :>5c: cut ¦ ISceacn.^
• ste?eo 8C o P ,-cV,;;:.v r ;gbbc-dVz.^c ea d« Hurd > R^roe^L^ileV 8
© Guest Cards, two colors, two sizes, faur Commercial. Titian and octavo »"«• 5
Q designs .' .2c each reg. 30c each per quire and PKS or »
o Fountain Pens; reg. lCc ea.; cut to. 7c ea. Envelopes; a dainty paper; cut to O
JT *Vritlng Tablets, letter siae, bond finish. I »q c each per pkg and quire. . O
g . ruled and plain; reg. 10c; cut to. ..To " _ . «j__-i \*~,rAn A ¦*
9 Safety Inkstands: cannot bp!U; reg. 45e; Crane S Hand-IViaae. J
9 c«t to ....25c Com e 3 in cream and blu© ¦had«s, J
q Wire Card Racks, 19x26; re*. 40c; cut classy finish, commercial. Titian "
1 Just BecelYBd ; A Full and Complete Line of Up-to-Date UMBRELLAS |
O TRUMK^ RFIOW mQT CHOICE/ CLOTH-BOUND BOOKS 250 o
2 We have on hand some forty -re^iar 50c vaiue*-to b* rciced mxu J
5 odd trunks that were slightly dis- la^ t^^ n S?^ ta iM« SffiSS; 8
q colored in the late railroad fire at -m colonial Times." t>ywii*in«: J 1^^ O
• Sixth and Townsend streets. The ™« E a^" g p^ e VTn*i*n £*«£ '¦ 1
9 railroad has made crood the loss -cruise of the Aifcatross." by Grant ai- o
© and you may have the- benefit $
• These goods Will be Closed OUt re- -Helena 1 * Wonder World." by Whtte: o
2 gardlessofcost : _ -^ \k&i$S?*Kfa A u3l ©
g CO-CARTS. y^^^pffi%*j£ 5
9 . 75? new Folding Go-carts just £»3 "OrtSS* •
© received. New models, new im- Tales," "Robinson Crusoe." "Kobia «
g provements and better finished «$&,:?%& T&e." §
g than ever. $2.75 up to $G.OO. Tales" and 200 other titles. 0
Z Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired. §
2 Picture Frames of AH Descriptions Made to Order. 2
Davenport Sofa ¦ Beds
We are carrying an elegant line of this popular couch in different
styles and finish; can be used as a parlor piece in daytime and as a
luxurious bed at night. You \till find by comparing our prices that \
we can sell cheaper than all others, as we own our building, pay no
rent, discount all bills and give our patrons the benefit in low prices
and easy payments. .
JLargest Stock! Lowest Prices! 3
The 3. Noonan Furniture Co,
• 1017-1023 Mission St., UsSTtSS^uM*. *
ADVEBTISEMENTSL
" TK1 VALUE OF CHARCOAL
Tew People Know How Useful It Is
. • in Preserving Health and Beauty.
t Xe*,rly everybody know* th»t cfaaroo»J la the
t-.j.-M »nd most efficient diElnfcctant and pur-
• -ifier. In nature, but few rrsUlie lu va!u« when
tufcen Into the fcuiaan system for th« stoat
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the mor» you take
• of It th« better; It la not a drue at all. but
timely absorbs the rws and Impurities always
present la the stomach and intestine* and car-'
.r.es them out of th« aystem.
* Charcoal sv.eetcna the breath after smoking.
<M«kiaf or after eating onlocs and other odor-
o"e.s vegetafcles.
. Charcoal eilectua'.ly clcirs aad improves th»
. complexicn. It whitens the teeth and further
.acts as a calaral and emin«nt!jr safe cathartic.
' " It absorbs the Injurious rases which collect
- in th* stomach and bowels; It disinfects the
'tr.outh and throat from the poison of catarrh.
. " All drurglsi* s^li clULrcoal In one form or aa-
¦ otter, but probably the be»t charcoal and the
*ost"lor the money is in Stuart's Absorbent
lyOxeEse*: they are cemposed of th« finest pow.
c<-r- d WUlovr charcoal, and other harmless an.
ti»epti<"» in tablet form or ritner in tha form
of large pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being nixed with boney.
Tb« dally use of these lozenges will soon
''tell in a much improved condition of the gen-
"rral bee'.tb, better complexion, sweeter breath
.-and purer blood, aad the beauty of It is that
r» possible harm can result from their con-
tinued use. but on the contrary. gTeat benefit.
A EuCalo physician in speaking cf tha bene-
tts o' charcoal Baj-s: "I advl&s Stuart's Ab-
. torbect Lozenges Jo all patlects cuSerlng from
' cat tn stoJtach and bowels, and to clear the
«orciJexion aad purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I a^o believe the liver la greatly ber.e-
tttd by the dally us« of them; they cost but
• tuenty-Cfe cents a bcx at drug stors. and al-
.hcBch in •ome sente a patent preparation, yet .
I believe I get more and better ch&rcoai in i
Etuart's Absorbent Lorcnges than in any cf '
ike ordinary charcoal tablets."
IWILLGIVE$iOOO
KOKKIFE OS
• UHTIL CUBED
.Mi'siEisiK ana
A lamp or Bore on the Up, face or anywhere
f:s months is near] y always cancer. 1 20 psyo
book se&t free with teFtimonials of t&cu>a&ds
cured erhora you can sec
The Dr. S. fi. Chamley Cancer Cure Co.
"Strictly Reliable" Two lady asistacts.
23 and 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEKD TO SOMEONE W1TB CANCEB
&EERS
The Highest Prtced.but
the Best Quality. I
SOLO EVERYWHERE. '
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
fc Pacific Coast Agents. O
DDTTOTJI7O FOR earners, ba-
DilUuiliiO kfrr - bootblack., bath-
. WWK * houses, billiard tables,
hrewers. bookbinder*, candy-makers, cannerv,
<!yer*, Cour mills, foundries, laundries, papei-
i.a.-.;.-f rfi, printers, painters, shoe f&ctoriem.
•tablemen, tar-roofers, taniwrp. tailors, et&
BT7CHATTATT BEOS.,
Erusi Wan Ml actnrer», 609 Sacramento St.SANTA ROSA, Oct. 3.— The citizens of
Cloverdale, in the northern portion of So
noma County, assembled in mass meet
ing this evening and. passed the following
resolution concerning the* candidacy of
Henry J. Crocker for " the mayoralty of
San Francisco:
"Whereas, our esteemed : neighbor
CXOVERDALE LAUDS CROCKER.
Candidate for Mayor of San Francis
co Given Warm Indorsement. *
For a number of years the Republican
politicians have been at war among them
selves. This has become so bitter that at
times the interests of the Republican
party were in Jeopardy. A short time
ago Harry Edwards conceived the idea
of uniting these warring factions in the
Union League Club, and from the way
all the politicians are flocking into the
organization there promises to be a gen
eral burying of hatchets this summer.
At last night's meeting steps were taken
looking toward the establishment of club
rooms. As soon as 200 members can be
10un4 who are willing to pay 6Q cents a
month headquarters will be opened.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— Th© Union League
Club, the new harmony organization of
the Santa Clara County Republicans, is
erowlnff at such a rate that It will cut
a big figure In the next election. Al
though but a few months old, the league
now has a membership of about 400 and
is growing fast.' At a meeting last night
seventy-five new members were added to
the list. Under the direction of President
H. J. Edwards and Secretary Fayetto
Mitcheltree, an energetic campaign is be
ing conducted throughout the county. Al
ready in its membership are included
prominent Republicans from all over the
county from Palo Alto to tJilroy. •
The organization proposes to harmonize
all the warrlne factions of the Repub
lican party in Santa Clara County. In a
circular being sent out the purposes of
the Union League Club are declared to
be as follows: *
The members of this organisation, believing
earnestly in the principles of the Republican
party and that the best Interests of our coun
try demand the application of those principles
to the conduct of public affairs, locally as
well as in the nation at large, have Instituted
the organization to support and inculcate those
principles; to promote, encourage and sustain
absolute and unqualified loyalty to the Gov
ernment of the United States; to further, and
by social, moral and political Influence, assist
in advancing the cause of good and wise gov
ernment and the honest and patriotic admin
istration thereof; to aid, by the same means
in preserving the political equality of all men
before the law; to aid in eliminating from
our party politics the evils of so-called boeslsm
and to procure the nomination and election
of honest and capable men; to promote har
mony within the party; to persistently and
continuously strive by every means to stim
ulate and strengthen Republican sentiment
among all classes of people. -
REFTJELICAira IN HARMONY.
San Jose Union League Club Making
Tremendous Strides.
BUFFALO. N. Y.. Oct. 3.— Mrs. JeSerson
Davis Is rapidly recovering from her illness,
her physicians believe she will be able to
leave for her winter home in Kew York next
week.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. 'Oct. 3.— F. H. Crosby,
alias A. E. Bell, under arrest In Denver, was
sent to the Missouri State prison four years
ago and served a three-year term for stealing
a mail pouch from the Union' Station here.
The American bark Star of Bengal arrived
yesterday, lf> days from Honolulu, and the
American barkentlne Archer also came into
port, 22 days from the same place. The latter
vessel brings 6207 bags of sugar to Welch
& Co.
Arrived From Honolulu.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 3. — The condition of
Archbishop Kaln was reported by the attend
ing physicians late to-nighi to be unchanged.
The prelate remains very weak and his attend
ants fear for the worst.
SAVANNAH, Ga.. Oct. 3.— The iron
works and marine railway of John Rourke
& Co. were destroyed by fire to-night.
Loss $125,000.
Iron Works Destroyed.
The submarine torpedo boats Pike and Gram
pus are lying alongside the United States Gov
ernment tug Fortune oft Black Point. They
will have three days' deep sea practice firing
on Monday at 8 a. m. The trials are being
looked forward to with much interest.
Will Take Deep Sea Practice.
The information alleges that by means
of forgery Hammond secured several hun
dred dollars from the Lincoln Trust Com
pany here.
Whether Hammond had anything to do
with the mail pouch theft at Springfield,
111., Is not known here.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 3.— Detective John Mur
phy departed to-night for Denver, Colo.,
to bring- A. E. Hammond, alias Crosby,
alias Crawford, alias Bell, to St. Louis
ta answer the charge of forgery. Circuit
Attorney Folk Issued an Information
against Hammond several days ago upon
complaint of Attorney Jephtha Howe,
who represents the American Banking
Association and the Lincoln Trust Com
pany, at the time Hammond was In New
Tork.
Detective Leaves St. I«ouis to Get
Man Held by the Police at
Denver.
HAMMOND MUST A1TSWEB
CHlAJaQE OP FORGERY
The funeral of the late Captain David Steven
of tha British ship Saragoesa, who died sud
denly on Thursday,' will be held to-day at 2
o'clock at the Mauonic Temple. The chief
mourners will be his two brothers. James Ste
ven and Robert Steven, and his friends. Cap
tain William F. Turner of the British bark
Levenbank. S. Clack. William McCulloch. chief
officer of the Saragossa, and Captain McMil
lan of the British bark Nivelle. The Interment
will be at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
The pall bearers will be Captains It. W.
Jones of the Inverklp. T. A. Parkhlll of the
Scottish Lochs. S. Murdoch of the General
Roberts, C. Gibbons of the General Gordon. S.
H. Quayle of the Ellisland. John Wilson of the
Lismore. David Jackson of the Invercauld*,
Philip Bartlett of the Whltliebum, Alex Long
muir of the Achnashte. Archibald B. Milne of
the Dundonald and James Peattie of the Inver
nesshlre.
Will Be Buried To-Day.
A search was instituted for Cook early
this morning when he did not materialize
at the store, but no trace of him has been
found. He was last seen by his people at
5 o'clock Friday afternoon, when he left
the house. His employes saw him that
afternoon just before he went home.
Cook recently opened a bakery in the
west end and the place of business has
not been opened all day. The men in his
employ baked the usual amount of bread
last night, and It has not been touched.
WOODLAND, Oct. 3.— The local of
ficers ar© investigating tho strange dis
appearance of Matt Cook, a baker, who
has not been seen since Friday afternoon.
The complaint was made before Justice
Davison by Percy B. Fuller 'of the San
Francisco store of the Allen Company.
Lewis Is charged with appropriating
$900 of the company's money to his own
use. In default of $1200 ball he is spending
the night In Jail.
Lewis denies that he embezzled the
money. He says he expended the amount
in advertising the firm and has vouchers
to show for It.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— A. W. Lewis, man
ager of the store of the Wiley B. Allen
Piano Company of tlils city, was arrested
at 10 o'clock to-night on a charge of em
bezzlement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Jose Business Man
Spends a Night in
Jail.
Disappearance of a Yolo
County Man Not Ex
plain ecL
VIENNA, Oct. 3.— The Czar and his
party, left the railroad station at Meid
llng, three miles from, here, for Darm
stadt to-night. The imperial train from
Muerzsteg arrived at the southern sta
tion, Meidling, at 5 o'clock. Emperor
Francis Joseph and Archduke Francis
Ferdinand accompanied the Czar to that
point, where they all alighted. Their
Majesties cordially bade each other fare
well and kissed each other twice.
Henry J. Crocker, and his distinguished
family during their residence at their
summer home in our vicinity have by
their generous and liberal actions en
deared themselves to the people of Clov
erdale; and, . ; .
"Whereas, Henry J. Crocker has been
an enterprising citizen and a man of large
business affairs, having some years ago
gratuitously devoted years of his time
and business talents toward the saving of
the vitlcultural industry of this State,
going so far as filing heavy bonds guar
anteeing his own private property in or
der to avoid execution on a heavy Judg
ment against the grapo growers and wine
makers of the State in a suit which was
afterward compromised for a mere nom
inal amount, be it
"Resolved, by the citizens of Cloverdalo
in mass meeting assembled. That we con
gratulate the citizens of the city of San
Francisco for the nomination of Henry
J. Crocker as a candidate for Mayor,
knowing that if elected he will prove an
able, honest, energetic Mayor and de
voted to the best lnt^ests of all classes
of people in San Francisco."
W. T. Brus was chairman of the meet
ing, which was held in Union Hall. For
many years Mr. Crocker has maintained
a summer residence near Cloverdale, and
has endeared himself to the people there
in many ways. They know him person
ally and wera desirous of telling their
feelings for him in a public way. Each
summer Mr. Crocker and his family spend
several months at Cloverdale, and they
are among the most welcome persons who
ever lived or visited in that section. The
man whom the people assembled to honor
to-night is deeply Interested In viticulture
and has extensive holdings of grape and
other land in this county.
Czar and Emperor Say Farewell.
POLICE ARREST
STORE MANAGER
BAKER'S ABSENCE
EXCITES ALARM
Chamberlain holds that the consoling
theory that other countries are ruining
themselves by bounties and import du
ties hardly coincides with the fact that
British exports have been practically sta
tionary for twelve years, while those of
other countries have increased so rap
idly that "if the relative progress contin
ues for a few years longer they will have
left us far behind."
Continuing Chamberlain points out that
the property of the working classes has
increased in greater proportion in the
protected countries than in the United
Kingdom, and says:
Free trade. If It had ever existed, might
have secured for us all that Its
promised, but free imports without free trade
have brought us face to face with problems
which never entered Into Cobden's calcula
tions. AVe know that the Idea of a united em
tire did not appeal to Mm, and that he re
garded the colonies as an encumbrance to b<3
got rid of ae soon as possible. The little Eng
landers who follow his lead are not likely to
t>e moved by eny consideration arisinjj out of
our new found pride and faith In our distant
kinsmen. But' what would Cobden have said
if he had foreseen that the trades unions,
whose existence he deprecated, would be suc
cessful in protecting labor in a score of ways,
tending to increase the rate of wages and to
raise the etandard of living? Would Cobden.
&s the representative of the manufacturing
ciars. have still maintained that while the.
manufacturer was artificially prevented from
ordering labor at the lowest rate, he ought to
icst content when the products of foreign la
bor, untrammeled by any regulations and leg
islation, to which he has to submit, under
sell him in his own market? -Cobden' a scheme
was at least consistent. It was free labor as
veil as free imports; but free Imports, com
bin«-d with protected labor, is neither consist
ent nor profitable to any of the parties con
cerned.
Chamberlain does not mince matters.
With aggression he carries the war into
the enemy's camp.
•Those who maintain," he writes, "in
a Fpirit of blind obscurantism, the abso
lute Inspiration of an lntiquated doctrine
will have much to explain."
Ills remarks are addressed to union
men of all political opinions, since the
questions now raised are not neceesarily
matters of party politics, nor indeed is
It likely that the issues will be ultimately
decided on strictly party lines. He begins
by Eaying:
It is difficult to believe that the results of
tho investigation will not convince every Im
partial man of the necessity for some recon
struction of the system which has remained
stationary and unaltered for more than half a
century while every other policy has been
modified and adapted to meet modern require
ments.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— "Every other nation
end all our own self-governing colonies
have refused to accept the gospel of Cob
den, and yet, although they ought, ac
cording to lta dogmas, to be in the last
atage of depression and decline, they
have grown during the last twenty years
In wealth, population and trade and in
everything that goes to make up the
greatness of a nation."
That Is the keynote of Joseph Chamber
lain'* manifesto, which will bo published
October 5 in the form of a preface to a
chilling pamphlet, entitled "Mr. Chamber
lain's Proposals: "What They Can and
What We Shall Gain by Them," by C. A.
Vlnce, secretary to Chamberlain's tariff
organization. In view of the vigor with
which the war of pamphleteers has again
come in vogue in English politics, the
publisher has appropriately given Cham
berlain's pronouncement deep red cov
ers, in significant contrast with tho un
decided blue-gray of Premier Balfour's
academic treatise on the financial ques
tion.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 3.— Miss Eva
Goldey, a popular : young woman of this
city, attempted to commit suicide this
evening about 10 o'clock by swallowing
the contents of an ounce bottle of car-'
bollc acid.
The young woman left her lover, Claude
Ream, at Tenth and ¦ K streets, walked
up near the cathedral on Eleventh and K
and swallowed the poison. She was seen
to reel by two pedestrians, who ran to
her assistance. They carried her to the
Capital City Wheelmen's Club, where Dr.
Hanna was called. She was afterward
removed to the Receiving Hospital, where
everything was done to save her life, and
at this writing Dr. Hanna said she had a
slight chance for recovery.
The young- woman lived with A. S. But
ler, her Btepfather, at Twenty-fourth and
N streets. Her mother and stepfather
were called to the cot of the Buffering
girl, and in her excited condition the
mother said that false publications wera
th£ cause of the attempted suicide.
Claude Ream, the lover, uvas inter
viewed by a Call reporter ana, although
he would say but little about the case,
stated that a private detective named
McTurnan called upon Miss Goldey this
afternoon and agitated her to, a nervous
state by some false accusations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declares System Must Be
Altered to Meet New
Conditions.
False Accusations Said to
Have Caused Her Deper
ate Act.
Chamberlain Appeals to
Union Men of the
Nation.
Prominent Sacramento
Young Woman At
tempts Suicide.
The Crocker- Vance Club of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District will hold a meet
ing to-morrow evening at Richmond Hall,
corner Fourth avenue and Clement street.
Republican candidates will address the
people of the district. J. M. Wilklns Is
chairman of the club.
The registration of changes of residence
closes next Thursday, October 8. The
Registrar's office will remain open on
these last four days continuously from
8:30 a. m. to 10 p. m. Every citizen who
registered during 1D02 or 1903 and since the
date of his registration has moved must
reregister before next Thursday or ho will
be unable to vote at the municipal elec
tion "November 3.
The committee on vacancies will meet
next> Tuesday evening. The campaign
committee will meet at 4 p. m. to-morrow.
Yesterday afternoon a meeting of the
State officers and the campaign committee
of the Army and Navy Republican League
of California was held at headquarters,
415 Montgomery street. A resolution was
adopted authorizing M. D. Hyde, comman
der In chief, to call a meeting of the
commanders and officers of the several
camps of the Army and Xavy Republican
League of San Francisco to meet at head
quarters, Sunday, October 11, at 2 p. m.,
for the purpose of organizing for an active
and energetic participation in the coming
campaign for the success of the Republi
can local ticket.
The committee on organization of the,
United Republican League met yesterday
afternoon. Honorable A. P. "Williams. Dr.
TV. F. McNutt. Henry Ach, John C.
Lynch, Thomas D. Riordan and David
Rich attended. The candidates on the
ticket requested the organization to name"
a committee to conduct tho campaign. In
compliance with the request the organi
zation committee selected the following
campaign committee:
TV. J. Dutton, Arthur G. FisTc, Daniel A.
Ryan, John S. Partridge and E. D. Peix
otto. «.
CAMPAIGN COMMITTEE.
The meeting adjourned with three great
cheers for Henry J. Crocker and the en
tire ReDublican ticket.
This U a business meeting to arrange for a
meeting of business men next Monday nljfht,
ana I will not take much of your time. It
has been remarked that we have been * littlo
alow in our campaign work. It Is b. tier to
go a little slow at first and be aure than to
do the rush aot. Active workers have been
aevlsingr ways and means of effective organi
zation. It will be ehown. when we open
the campaign, that all Interests have been
invited to Join in the work. Broader plans
than those first suggested have been adopted.
The meeting Monday night may be one of the
strongest indorsements or the campaign. It
may lead to wider efforts. V.
The idea of a business administration of
tha affairs of San Francisco Is gaining ap
proval and popularity. I have been a worker
In the ranks of the Republican party through
many campaigns. This is my first experience
as a leader. I propose to give my time and
energies to the work before us. Julius Kahn
will head my campaign. He will be rein
forced by a strong campaign committee, a
capable executive committee and a strong
finance committee. "We have an effective or
ganization. Wo believe that the Republican
party can render San Francisco a great and
enduring service. We believo it to be the duty
of business men. property owners and all oth
ers who are closely identified with the wel
fare of Sen Francisco to stand together now
and give to the people of the city the benefits
of a clean, progressive business administra
tion of municipal affairs. I comprehend the
extent of my individual responsibility in this
campaign. I speak of myself because I know
what is up to me. as your candidate for
Mayor. As I say. this leadership Is new to
me as I have always worked in the ranks
of the party, but I am going right along the
line for th« succers of the .Republican ticket
and the prosperity of San Francisco. If Henry
J Crocker is not elected Mayor It will be be
cause the wrong man was nominated to lead
the party. I know It is up to me to make
a winning fight and I do not propose to lose
any time in getting down to the hard work
of tha campaign. Let us make Monday
night's meeting a demonstration on the part
of the business men of the city.
On motion of E. R. Lilllenthal a secre
tary and assistant secretary were engaged
to oj>en the rolls of the Crocker Club
and obtain signatures.
Julius Kahn asked Henry J. Crocker to
eay a few words. The suggestion evoked
hearty applause. Mr. Crocker, in sub
stance said:
Major J. L. Tharp, Colonel Robert
Welncke, E. R. Liljienthal and Thomas
Brown also spoke briefly.
HBNB.Y J. CROCKER SPEAKS.
A. H. Vail said: "There is no doubt In
my mind as to Mr. Crocker's election, but
we should srct our workers In. the field
at once. Every business man should at
tend the meetine Monday night and pre
pare for active work."
that the labor vote was divided between
Schmitz and Lane.
James McXab maintained that -a busi
ness man of intelligence and energy
should be placed at the head of affairs in
San Francisco. Mr. Crocker was entitled
to the loyal and active support of every
Republican. Reference was made to
Lane's inexperience and lack of business
ability. Mr. McNab is confident that
Henry J. Crocker will be elected Mayor.
AGAIN ARRAIGNS
COBDEN GOSPEL
SWALLOWS ACID
NEAR CATHEDRAL
THE SAjS FKANCISCO CALilv SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1 4, 1903.
Continued From Page 21, Column 4.
BUSINESS MEN SUPPORT CROCKER
23
c{ •• ." > ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fall Styies in Boys* Long Overcoats
JJ^^^^^^l Mothers : If you were sure you could save money in
trading here — if you were certain you could procure the
/<*! :'•> latest styles — if you were confident of getting satisfaction — of
i. e now we can p^ case y° u n p' er y wa y an(^ save y° u
money. We solicit a trial purchase. Say, you buy your boy
™S^Wf ll one of these long overcoats in pretty oxford gray or dark
fi0'$$Mw\ Scotch mixtures, with belt strap in back. If he is between 4
and y^™ the P r ' cc ' s ?5I ne ls between 9 and 14 years
These are maker-to-wearer prices. Upon seeing the gar-
¦ Bjro^^l^Bt^M'tj'f^^: ments then you will realize that we are saving you from $1
.^^^^^m^^^K to $2 on your purchase.
i^^^^'BH^^^^ T ° matter w^ at y° u buy here — whether suit or overcoat
v$w°$$0* llllil $$fi$ $W y° u S c^ ne garments at maker-to-wearer prices, and we
i SiiM^j^^^^sl^^^-^ ur P°^ c y* Alterations, exchange or money refunded.
e mten(^ to p^ ease y° u -
U **W§ '^.^S?tP- '"¦ Tne overcoats are like the picture and the prices are
Mail orders filled— tJL- \ kl£hf\ ff% §lfi%. (t out of town, write
write us for any ad- Wri TC^^5^ \rW *$r \£J for 64-page illustra-
vertised goods. _.a w» / ted . catalogue.
I 740 Market Street. ......... a . . . -
""'•"; ADVERTISEMENTS^ '
|b.KATSCH!NSKI ji
I *. Philadelphia Shoe Co. i
"1 10 THIRD STREET, SAS FRAKCISCO. j
A] - £<yel=iasr CaU Bnlldinf. £
LADIES' FELT JULIETS I
J- ¦ -ONLY 75 CENTS 1
Every tafilcatioa points to an g
early winter anfl we may expect B
•Vain at anr time. The <5ay» are 0
jrrovrtng colder aad warm footwear 1
1* In" big demand. TVe have Juet re- I
*«ived our fall stock of warm goods I
and' will •offer the ladles fur trim- g
xned Felt Juliet*. In black or red g
• and flannel lined at the IX)TV 1
.; PRICE OP 75c Sires 3 to 8. V
BOX GALF FOR WINTER
i Few ladies take the proper care '
of their feet. They are too care- .
less, and are often sick on that ac- 1
cour.t. Xow for winter wo have j
a • elioe specially made and com- i
bines strength and etjie. Ladies' :
Box Ca!f Lace Shoes, with coin [
toes and Udp. fair stitched, dur- £
able soles with extension edges and 4
' -FenFible hoe'.s. OUR PRICE ONLY 3
SI.5O. Sires 24 to S; widths B to 3
jfcy. g
I; FOR WINTER WEAR
OUR LEADER FOR MEX— Box
Crlf Lace Shoes, with coin toes
and • tJrm and heavy double soles
•^.wlth" extension ecg-es. Just the
cho^s to keej> out th« rain and
flush.' THE PRICE S2.5C Sizes
t% to I2i widths C to EE.
I: RUBBERS
fl Oitld'B tfze:s. 6»4 to U 2oC
.El Misses' Eizes. UH to 2 30c
\i Ladles' sizes. 2% to 8 35c
G Men's eizes, D*i to 12 GOc ;
j 6, KATSCHINSKI
i. . Philadelphia Shoe Co.
J 10 TZXSD ST, Saa rraaeisco.
MEN
tt«™|£i DR. HALL'S REtXVIGORATOn
233 ¦*< stepi ail lostiea and unnatural dls-
3 j charges la 24 hours. Vou fetl an
099 E3 improvement from the first doE«.
yjr. W We have eo much confidence In our
.»^J treatment that we c.-T^r five Hun-
k»S dre(1 TevarA for anr case we ca:i-
fmplKBmfm not cure. This secret remedy curej
4cst power, nlehtly emiF»ions. wasted ornans,
*aricocele, gleet, strictures, kidneys, failing
memory, drains In the urine. Gonorrhoea, dis-
ease oi the prostate glands and all ether terri-
ble effects of self -abuse cr excesses, which lead
en to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases in old or young of that mortify-
ing condition, quickness of the discharge and
vant'.r.g to do, and you can't. Sent sealed. J2
per bottle, three bottles. (3. Guaranteed to
cure ary case.
. Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for Rale at lOTZhi Market St.. S. F. Bend
for free book.
EVERY WOMAN
is interested and should know
" ¦*^*^?^v5!aw ¦* about the wonderM
• #^5S»K^\ lAARVCI WHIRLING
?•^•\^?v;y- ,, \ til An b LL spray
V * K.SS v 'Si!.' '¦! 1 Jnjrction and Suct.cn.
V V '*>»S A ' c?**v'J Best— Safest— Most Con.
r f '«vV5;Cws«X. venient. It Clear iei
Ask yow imrrlst f w tt. \V /£$*». st, 1?>^~~~~-
MAn%XI« accept no \. /^TV-
»»rtirv.l»r» and eir^tvw JnmlutU* TC'/^. IM
Tioom 203. Times Ddg.. New Tork. "^m^
" SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS.
•MINERAL SPRINGS
OPEN THE YEAR ROUND.
Jyjcated nine miles northeast of Kei Bluff on
Uie line of the Southern Pacific Italiway.
C***k of KHniTMATISM, GOUT AND ALL
• BLOOfi UISHAKES WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A Gl'ARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
«3K CUHED WITUIN A SPECIKiED TIME
OH ALL EXPENSES. INCI^UIJIKO RAIL-
WAY FAKE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
Tftei'e wonderful springs can be reached by
ftie Southern Pacific Co.'s system of railways
. tn«l cocnectloni throughout the United States.
For rater of fare and routes of travel apply
Jo an^ Southern Pacific Railroad aseut.
Kor guarantee or reference 10 cures «-ffected,
Medical Department. Tuscan Mineral
fcprinps Orr., Tuscan. Cal.
. AGDA CAL1ENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL. YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
• sulphur eprin«, temperature 115 dosrws. No
.staging. Fare II 10. Sure cure for rh-uma-
| tl.sm. asthma, kidney and !l\-er troubles. Tub
and hot plunce baths. The largest mineral
water ewirmniag tank in the State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs; swimming
- teacher. Fi»ecial rate* from now on. Peak's.
Jl Montgomery et. TOEODOR RICHARDS,
A*x*. C&Ilexite, Sonoma Count/.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MERIT MAKES IT FAMOUS.
The Only Remedy in the "World Ex-
cept a Surgical Operation That
Will Certainly Cure Any
Form of Files.
* .; ¦/ -•¦.¦-•.
The study of physicians, the experiments of
chemists, the loudly advertised pretensions of
quacks, have been for years expended in one
direction; to find a pile, cure that would cure.
The results have been a number of harmless
and In most cases useless ointments, supposi-
tories and even Internal remedies, which the
publio have weighed in the balance of expe-
rience and found -wanting; nearly all of then*
gave eome relief, but nothing approaching a
radical cure resulted from these preparations.
The remedy required Is one which -will Im-
mediately etop the patn so severe In many
cases of piles, and then by contracting the
email blood vessels (capillaries) to their nor-
mal size, produces a radical cure by reducing
and finally absorbing the tumors and healing
the Inflamed, raw mucous surfaces.
Until a few years ago no such remedy had
been produced, but at that time a suppository
was placed upon the nUrket, which has since
proven Itself to be the long sought permanent
cure for this common and distressing trouble;
it ha» rapidly become famous throughout the
United States and Canada, and Is now sold
by ail druggists under the name of Pyramid
Pile Cure.
It is now the best known, because lta merit
and eafety have advertised it wherever used.
It has b»en advertised by word of mouth, from
one sufferer to another; people who have tried
everything tlse. even submitting to painful and
dangerous eurgical operations without avail,
have finally found that piles can be cured
without pain and without expense practically,
as the Pyramid Pile Cure Is sold for the nom-
inal price of 60 cents and $1.00 per package.
The Pyramid Instantly stops all pain and
at the same time contains no cocaine, morphine
or narcotics; the acids and healing properties
contained In the remedy speedily remove,
rauxe'a health! ul, natural contraction and ab-
sorption of the tumors, it will cure any form
of rectal trouble except cancer and advanced
fistula, which, by the way nearly always re-
sults from neglecting proper and timely treat-
ment for plles.-
A book on cause and cure of piles sent free
by addressing Pyramid Drug Co., - Marshall.
Mich. .
At Manufacturer's Prico.
J. MARTY, 23 Turk Street.
Factory — 826 Howard Street Repairing.
r
In usual trade, neither buyer
nor seller knows the goods,
and both take risks.
Not so Schilling's Best; both
know, and there art; no risks.
At yow jroctr'i ; moatytack,
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
/fth GIVES
11 IH SUPERIOR Y\ I
jpp EYE <f\
\s>u GLASS \A
f J Service at Moderate Cost. \_ |
f . . J Quick Repairing.
— _ Factory on Premises.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great
kuSEUk OF ANATOMY^
A £7) ic5m;tnTs?.t8',8:M7 t J>,g.r.c»i. A
\ The Lugevt Anatomical Museum in the
Q -m ijl ~T. World. Weakne»»e* or any contracted / I
' fc-CT ferl <*'«»•>= F** ui "» l 7*«rm«lrytt>eolde« '
0 jSS^C A ipeaz.ist on the Coui Eit. js yeirv. O
A I **W § DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEM ,
A jr^JaS^j} Con«ulration free tnd ttrietly pri-Tite.
6 1 jS^ti H Treatment personally or br letter. A /
1 J W nil Fantove Curt in e»?ry case undertaken. '
A P n 11 s» Wri:e foT Bo4k ' 'BiLonornT *r , \
V * |j H* aiAaniACE. mailed fxxs. (a |F
\ J1 JL valuable book tot men ) .
V OR JunDAX A CO.. 1031 Market Mfc.S. F. 9
Sjt&SSitfaa MENANDWOMEfr.
*!^fvijrCVUE5%fS4 Cm Big O for unnatural
/tS&Yln I wfc*»Tfc»4 discharge!, inflammation*.
££5if Oiuutnd \S irriutlona or nlceratlona
fi*»M n.» t» »uloiar«. of oncooi membraaaa.
P^ J Trrtm* CMUfUa. Pnln'.e", and not aatrla*
tfaVlT*rf£EUHSCHEM:C*l.CO. t »nt or poinonout.
fefffjV Cl.lC!mn,0,I3r53[ Held br DractrUU,
\jEwX. C9.A, 3SP or cant In plain wrtppor.
¦VygKHai 4tirW\ bT exprem, prepaid, lot
VQSBSSKSnB • J0 °- or 3 tattlet 12.73.
" » circula*" lect oa reauait.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fraa-
claco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wraagel.
Juneau. Halnea, Skagway,
etc., Alaska — 11 a. in.. Oct.
3. 8. 13, 13. 23. 23, Nov. 2.
Change to company's steam*
. era at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. '"Whatcora — 11 a. m. Oct. 3. 8.
13, 18. 23. 28, Nov. 2 Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry. : et Seattle or Tacoma to X. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka ( Hum bold t Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Oct. 1, 7, 13, 19, 25, 31, Nov. 6; Corona,
1:30 d. m.. Oct. 4. 10. 16. 22, 28. Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 8 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Hast
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford iSan
Luis Oblsrw), Ventura and Kueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Oct. 8. 1«, 24, Nor. 1.
Eonita. 9 a. m.. Oct. 4. 12. 20. 23. Nov. 5.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Josa o>l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymaa (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Tth of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or ran-
ln: dates.
TICKET OF7ZCSS — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight ..of flee. 10 Market street.
C P. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept. 30. Oct. 10. 20, 30.
Nov. 9, 19, 29. "George W. Elder" sails Oct.
5, IS. 25 Nov. 4, 14. 21. Only steamship lln*
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. ' Steamer tickets Includs*
berth and meals. Steamertfsalls foot of Spear
st at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass.
Dept. 1 Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD, G«n.
Agt- Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery gt.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First an<i
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. N»
cargo received on board on day of salllns;.
.;. .* Thursday, October 15, 1903
S. a AMERICA MARC..................
Tuesday. November 10, 1303
S. S. HOSGKOSOMARO...^^.."......".
Thursday. December 3. 19C3
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cosv-
Danv's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Qcesflics.s.co. s«w
VVVUiKV«J>V>VV> OIMCI UM » MNIIfc
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Oct. £ 2 am.
q s ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 17, 11 a. m.
SB MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 2<J. 11 a. m.
ii'i?»raa!iBas.c3,iB?>..TitbtflflSi 1 !4jiirtini
(nialitOtSaLiSa tartJtSL.Pir fa. I.fid&IL
COMPAGMIB GE3E2ALE TRAlf3ATLA5TIQuX
DIRECT LINS TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing ev<?r> Thursday Instead of WSJ3St*l
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •*'¦¦•••
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CAWDA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New "York. J. F. FVOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Vgents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets fold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
flgaxe Island ana Yallejo Steajaar*.
Steamer GEN. FRISB1E or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m. 12:30 noon. 9 p. rn.. ex. Sunday. Sun.
day. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1603. PUr 2, Mlnloa-at. dock. HATCH
BR03, ~_.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS. ___«,
Pe-ru-na Drug Co., Columbus, Ohio: , ¦
Gentlemen: — "I can cheerfully say that Mrs. Schley has taken Pe-ru-na
and I believe with good effect"— W. S. SCHLEY — Washington, D. C.
) — :
ADMIRAL SCHLEY, one of the foremost, notable | The fact is Peruna has overcome all opposition and has
heroes of the Nineteenth Century. A name that starts won its wav to the hearts of the people. The natural
terror in the heart of every Spaniard. A man of timidity which so many people have felt abotit srivinsr en-
steady nerve, clear head, undaunted courage and prompt dorsements to anv remedy is giving way. Gratitude and a
decision. desire to help others has inspired thousands of people to
/ Approached by a friend recently, his opinion was asked Rive public testimonials for Peruna who heretofore would
as to the efficacy of Peruna, the national catarrh remedy, not have consented to such publicity.
Without the slightest hesitation he gave this remedy his Never before in the annals of medicine has it happened
endorsement. It appeared on later conversation that Pe- that so many men of national and international reputa-
runa had been used in his family, where it is a favorite tion have been willing to ; give unqualified and public en-
remedy. \ dorsements to a proprietary remedy. No amount of ad-
Such endorsements serve to indicate the wonderful hold vertisinsc could have accomplished such a result Pcruna
that Peruna has upon the minds of the American people, has won on its own merits. Peruna cures catarrh of what-
It is out of the question that so great and famous a man ever phase or location in the human body. This is why it
as Admiral Schley could have any" other reason for Riving receives so many notable and unique endorsements,
his endorsement to Peruna than his positive conviction that Address The Peruna Drug MTg Co., Columbus. Ohio.
the remedy is all that he says it is. . - for free literature on catarrh.LAREDO, Tex., Oct. 2.— To-day's official
fever bulletin shows: New cases six, bus
pects three, deaths none, total cases to
date fifty-seven, total deaths four. Tho
conditions in Nuevo Laredo show im
provement, no deaths having occurred in
that city to-day.
Fever Conditions Improve.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. Oct. 3.— William
Reiblin. a farmer living four miles south
of town, was embusfced. shot three times
and his throat cut, and v. - as left for dead
last night while on his way home from
town. Natha.n Alberts, another farmer,
discovered him. A physician was Eum
moned and Reiblin was restored to con
pcioupness long enough to tell who his
upsailants were. He implicates Jesse
Hwrkrs. his nephew, Alfred Burkea, and
"Shorty" MurtelL ~ Jesse Burkes is a
With Bullet Wounds and His Throat
Out, Victim Long Enough
to Accuse His Assailants.
FABMEB IS AMBUSHED
BY TEIO OF NEIGHBORS
Although Reiblin is a married man, the
trouble arose over a' woman, Alfred
Burkes' sister, whom Murtell married
within an hour after the assault on Reib
lin, whom, he supposed, was killed. The
three men are in the County Jail and the
woman will be arrested in the morning.
Indignation runs high and lynch' law may
be resorted to.
farmer, Alfred Burkes a butcher and
Murtell a restaurant keeper in town. '
BERLIN, Oct. 3.— The negro residents
BEBLIN HOUGHS ATTACK
THE NEGEO RESIDENTS
FRESNO, Oct. 3.— A message from
Crane Valley received here to-day by For
est Superintendent C. . S. Newhall states
that 10,000 trespassing sheep have been
caught in the reserve in the neighborhood
of Beasore Meadows by a large force of
rangers. The sheep cams In from the
east side of the range and down toward
the Meadows from the Yosemlto country.
Since the recent decisions by the courts
relative to trespassing stock the instruc
tions to the rangers have been very ex
plicit, and a large force has been em
ployed, with orders to take charge of,
drive out and scatter all .sheep caught
within the reserve. In view of the wide
spread publicity given to the laws the
presence of the sheep in the reserve Is
deemed a willful trespass.
The sheep belong to various people, but
the bands will be driven out regardless of
whether they get mixed or not. There
are rumors of other bands trespassing in
various parts of the reserve/ .- and the
rangers will try to round them up as
quickly as possible. Jj&ggiBun . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ten Thousand Sheep
Caught on a Govern
ment Reserve.
RANGERS STOP
THE TRESPASSING
; LJck--Center, Trlnerove; right guard, Gll
llngham; left guard. White; right tackle, Burts
(captain); left tackle, Maine; right end O'Con
nor; left end. Smith: right half, B. Golcher:
left half. Merrltt; fullback. Markwart; quarter,
C. Golcher. -
The game between San Rafael High and
Lowell High, which was to have been
played at San Rafael in the afternoon,
was ¦: forfeited by San Rafael. The latter
decided not to play In the league games.
Lick and Mission lined up as follows:
Mission — Center, Trenton: tight guard. Sigel;
left guard. Button; right tackle. Fischer; left
tackle. Alken; right end. English: left end.
Merrill; right. half, Terrlll; left half. Board
man; fullback, Pemberton (captain); quarter.
Iiatkin. '
The Mission boys were heavier than their
opponents, but lacked team work. Lick
gained most of the ground by means of a
tandem play outside of tackle. In the
first half O'Connor, the fast Lick end, se
cured the ball on a dropped kick and car
ried it fifteen yards over the line. He
failed to kick a goal. In the second half
Bert Golcher, Lick's right halfback, made
the star play of the day. He recovered a
dropped kick and carried the ball down
the field .'sixty yards for a touchdown.
O'Connor kicked a goal.
Lick carried the ball fifty yards without
losing it and scored its third touchdown.
They piled through the Mission line for
from five to ten yards at a time and_ Gol
cher took the ball over for a third touch
down. O'Connor failed to kick a goaL
Each side tried for a field goal, but in
each case the ball was passed poorly and
no kick was made. Neither side could
handle kicks, the ball being invariably
fumbled. . ...
The football game between Mission
High School and the California School of
Mechanical Arts, played on the Presidio
gTounds yesterday, resulted in a victory
for the latter team. Although tho score
was 16-0 the game was rather close and
would have been much closer but for the
poor kicking of the Mission fullback.
Defeats Mission High School Eleven
by a Big Score in an Interest
ing Game.
LICK TEAM'S TANDEM PLAY
IS GOOD FOB BIG GAINS
here, of whom there are about 200,
mostly American, have complained to the
police of various attacks made upon col
ored men by stone. throwing, etc. In two
or three Instances, in the East End,
where most of them live, negroes have
been subjected to severe beatings.
-These occurrences are ascribed to the
lynching news which the New York cor
respondents' of German papers are par
ticularly fond of cabling, the impression
being produced on. the Bast Side roughs
that this Is tho proper way to treat ne
groes. The members of the Black and
White Society (Schwartzweiss Verein),
composed of both races, have issued a
protest to the public against this bru
tality. .
¦Colored men have a measure of social
equality here. Some of them marry
white women. , '
Chicago rules that noisy cows and
chickens are no longer to be tolerated in
the residence parts of the city.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Oct. 3.— For the
second time within the past year a death
sentence has been passed .upon Peter Mor
tensen for the murder of James R. Hay in
this city several months ago. The State
Supreme Court recently refused an ap
peal for a new trial, and to-day District
Judge Morse fixed upon Friday. November
20 as the date when Mortensen shall suf
fer the death penalty by being shot to
death. Before sentence was pronounced
to-day MortenSen appealed for a new
trial in a speech lasting an hour and a
half The burden of his remarks was
that he had not bee* given a fair trial.
Convicted Salt Lake Murderer Pleads
an Hour and a Half for
New Trial.
DEATH SENTENCE PASSED
UPON PETEB MOETENSEN
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 3. — Seven Chines* wera
arrested when they arrived her* on a train
from Buffalo to-day on the charge that they
had entered the United States la violation of
law.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY", Oct. 3.— Th«
Stanford University B&eac* Association has
elected officers for the rear as follows: Presi
dent. Professor R. Z. Green; view president.
Miss Z. J. Martin: secretary and treasurer
Professor V. J. Roarers. *
, PARIS. Oct. S.— The ban* of the Reirottlam
Guards trave a private concert to-day to Georxs
W. Stewart, manager ot the musical depart
ment of the St. Louis : exposition. Arrange
ments have been made for t&» band to visit
the exposition.
DETROIT. Mich.. Oct. 3— Ths Hecla Port
land Cemer.t and Coal Company, with a factory
at Bay Cltjr. has Hied a trust mortxttga for
$731,818. conv«ylnr all Ita properties In Bay
Iosco, Ogeraan and Alpena counties to ths De
troit Trust Company as trustees. The mort
gase Is Kiven for the benefit of the creditor*
to raise funds to liquidate the- Indebtedness
and to make possible certain necessary chaiwaa
In the plant. <¦
LINCOLN, Neb., Oct. 3.— The marriage
of Miss Ruth Balrd Bryan and William
Homer Leavitt was solemnized at 8
o'clock to-night at Fairview, the country
home of William J. Bryan. The chancel
lor of the Nebraska Wesleyan University,
Dr. Huntlngton, an old-time friend of the
bride and her parents, was the officiating
clergyman. The wedding was unostenta
tious and was attended by about 125
young people of Lincoln and the more
intimate friends of the Bryan family. The
only relative of tho groom present was
Mrs. A. L. Leavitt of Newport, R, I. The
members of the local chapter of the Delta
Gamma society, of which the bride is an
active member, were the guests of honor.
Miss Bryan wore a traveling costume and
was unattended.
Mr. and Mrs. Leavitt left immediately
after the ceremony for St. Louis, where
they will visit friends. They will travel
for a time in the East and will be at
home after November at 81 Pelham street,
Newport, R. I. Mr. Bryan will depart
Sunday night for Ohio. It is his plan to
spend the winter in Europe.
Miss Ruth Bryan Be
comes Bride of Wil
\ liam Leavitt.
COLLEGE GIRLS
A T THE WEDDING
Contrary to general expectation the
Kings County Democratic convention held
in Brooklyn to-night passed oft quietly
and without the predicted bolt of the city
ticket. Resolutions indorsing the nomi
nation of McClellan for Mayor were
adopted, but making no mention of the
names of Grout and Fornes beyond the
indorsement and commendation of the ac
tion of the Kings County delegates in op
posing their nomination in the city con
vention. This was taken as an indication
that the fight will be carried to the polls
and the Tijmmapy candidates for Con
troller and Aldermanlc President will be
generally knifed by the followers of
Hugh McLaughlin. £
These nominations were mad?: For Bor
ough President, • Martin W. Litt>eton;
District Attorney, John F. Clarke; Regis
ter, Matthew E. Dooley; County Clerk,
Edward Kauffman.
• An the situation now stands. I think that I
may properly quote these words which I had
penned for my letter of acceptance before the
difficulties transpired: "In this battle, as It
seems to be, there can be no neutrals. He that
•Is. not against Tammany Is for It."
As it stands now, four men are being
considered for the office of Comptroller
should Grout be ousted. They are R. Ful
ton Cutting, J. Edward Swanstrom, An
drew T. Sullivan and Henry Hentz. Jo
seph C. Hendrlx and. Julian D. Falrchild
have been dropped.
For the president of the Board of Alder
men three names are being -considered.
The men are Thomas H. Mulry, Steven
Farrelly and Frank C. Travers. Herman
A. Metz has been dropped from considera
tion.
At the headquarters of the Republican
committee also the failure to consider
Metz and Fairchild was announced. It
was learned that Joseph C. Hendrix had
refused to allow his name to be consid
ered.
Mayor Low returned -from Chicago to
day. .After a long conference with lead
ing fusionists to-night at his residence
the Mayor made public a letter written
. by him to-day to R. Fulton Cutting, in
which he expressed himself as being in
accord with Cutting on the attitude ot
Grout and Fornes, and said that Grout a
few days after his nomination had sug
gested that Tammany might Indorse his
nomination, but that In that event he
.would attack Tammany Just the same
and 'give his support to Low. In conclu
sion Mayor Low says:
To-night the situation was practically
unchanged, the rualonlsts waiting: for
their convention on Wednesday, the
Democrats waiting for their opponents to
make the first move before they take
steps to keep Grout and Fornea on the
ticket.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The feature of the
political situation to-day was Grout's for
mal declaration that he would re«iat all
efforts to force him off the fusion ticket.
What legal steps will be taken by him to
maintain his position, or by the fualonlsts
to compel his retirement, are yet unde
termined.
"He That Is Not Against Tam
many Is for It," Says
Mayor Low.
Grout Declares His In
tention to Remain on
the Ticket.
DEFIES THE NEW
YORK FUSIONISTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4. 1903.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS. v^ ..:.... . - ._ .¦.-•. .r
. I $1.25 m GLOVES, Monday covyrRY onDKns^i^vZ^T-^rZ" ladies' Wool Underwear, 1
¦ H ,- v ,«,. =hii mou» . - w m - , Swlns ribbed, non-shrlnklnff wool <C I f\f\ H
. vS tho bon manufacturers, and are regularly eold V — Jf. . ' «^~>-v ji / s~* <*r SZ>4fr Jtx - , j. . . •••••¦•••••.••••••• ..»*.w »
S Si^S; "t -^The^ier aT^^ii . g^^tfl^J^i^fi/^/^i^i Mi * l^M totiitim Hosb-3 pairs I
{•.,; < vf-riiani and Pique- with two clas;*: tizem &4 Jy *tm <y *y '^ _ ~*| ¦** Mo.de of flne, eoft, elastic yarn CT 1 |)f| H
£•' 10 T ( 'lors white, black, rood*, brown, beaver. «** J* m—m^amnry,,,,;,, PBB^i^^ —full finished double heels, soles *? u *r J . XJ §§
. Pa tan 'cxblcod. As a Monday special they are "fa -^ * /% r» iJ w ra *\ »~»^k C7T £ TP and toes— sires 8 to 10— warranted stainless jgj
• 'X offered at 95c a pair. Fvery pair guaranteed £ j£\2 MJm& #"^1^*3 * A. • fast black— regularly, eold for 45 cents a Pflr— m
>v nnj fitted if deslrrd. — the special price for Monday 3 pair* ior.l?l.uo M
I "SUPERIOR VALUE=GIVING."
is what* has made this store worthy of the flattering patronage which has been accorded it... We have always striven to deserve this patronage; we want I
k% f YOUR patronage— but not unless we deserve it... .If there are worthier goods to be found elsewhere ; if prices asked by others are lower than ours, then you |
Rj should profit by them ; but facts wiU prove that not to be the case. .'.. This store looks conscientiously after the interests of its patrons— that's another reason »i
*/u why it prospers..* It has been our doily aim to deserve the confidence reposed in us by cur customers.... Wo will always adhere strictly to principles of liberality, .
. M courtesy end reliability, and we know that our growth will continue to be steady and sure. ...We will always, for the sake of quality standard, forego profits rather |
"^| than extract them on questionable merchandise, and we will always rectify mistakes promptly and cheerfully.... We want you to feel that we endeavor to serve you |
|a! with entire satisfaction to you bo matter what your purchase may be--the safe of a yard of lining or an expensive costume MUST receive the same careful attention i
1 in this store.... This MUST be the "Satisfactory Store."
I ' =^ =
¦T*HE greatest Sale cf Table Linens that this city has known commences here to-morrow morning and will continue during the entire fe
f 3 t|^V week You must ihspect the goods to fully realize the importance of the splendid offerings — such variety — such quality such val- B
M$ ucs k five never been, equaled. The finest products of Irish, German and Scotch linen manufacturers are represented in the vast |
assortment Prices are phenomenally low We are enabled to make them so for the reason that three weeks ago a member of the |
4 firm consummated a deal yith the assignee of a great linen importing house of New York, now in liquidation, and we found ourselves the pur- H
chasers of hundreds of pieces of the finest table linens, and thousands of dozens of napkins to match, as well as a vast variety of ready- ||
made table cloths and nqpkins The quality of these goods is the best imported into this country, and so enthusiastic were we over this M
great purchase that we ordered the entire lot rushed to this city by fast freight The goods have been unpacked and arranged just in IJ
time for this early Octotier sale Knowing the marvelous values represented in these goods at the prices asked, we could use columns §|
of space in extolling the !>eauty of designs, the superbness of quality, but instead we ask you to come and look — then vour enthusiasm will li
surpass ours — of that we z\re confident. • . H
g Gr 5 a LT-iorfh C h V m!"h^| Fine Linen Table Sets Included I Numerous Great Values-Napkins 1 1
& TsbUpD'amask^-nice soft finish— numerous Among the stock we secured are 85 fine Linen Table Sets, In a va- SI. 45 dozen— worth $1.75— All Linen 19
rf I patterns. - rlety Qf the cholcest patterns. They are in Irish, German and Scotch Napkins— a very good wearing: quality In tig
S K - llnens and ™ e lm P° rted t0 seU for •»•«> to >«>O0 * 8et -<> ne table *T.»5 "o«ni-worth $2.50-German I 1
P half bleached cloth and ono doeen napkins to match. They are Included In thig sale Linen Damask Napkins-22 Inches square H
$ 75c yard — worth 1100 — All Linen at the same proportionate low prices as the other grades. Theae 'sets ""ao 11^ K ne TL** sl fL?,?\,, .,/w_t,i.w tin., H
i f^T^^sS^^^out^^-X >re composed of the most elegant linen, ever .how* at equal prices. 1
! fprr;* B ¦ ¦ ¦ == in a number of designs. gi
M I J>So vard-worth Sl.SS-Irish Linen Ta- Tflhlf* Clnthc fit I ACC Thnn Imnnrf Poet T »a.95 dozen-worth $3.75-Pure Irish g|
i hi? Dama«k-the highest gTade— 72 inches 1 dtMC wlULtlJs ell L.CJSS I llctil impOrL vOSl Linen Napkins— extra heavy grade— 24 H
I j wide— full bleached and In the choicest This is a treat offering of finished Linen Table Cloths a/, prices actuaJly inches square— soft finish in a large num- gl
2S patterns. less than the present import cost. There is a great variety of designs from Dc £ ,« Vk^Jl 2118 " ..,,„_,. „ H
*5 ' SI .-."» vard— worth $1.7»— Doubte Satin which to choose, and the material is a splendid soft finished linen free ©4.OO dozen—worth Extra Ger- Kg
r Damask-fiish make— 72 inches wide— ex- f rom all artificial dressing. The prices: " m «- n Linen Napkins— double satin damask ffl
«i i tra fine soft finish— numerous dasigns- 68x72-worth $2.5O-sale price 81.85 Hemstitched Tabls Cloths -nne quality— large size— many very pret- H
« the moFt durable linen made. 68x90-worth S3.00-sale price A2.05 72x72 84.00 11 ?' *u -, r« -r. ' M
fi I J81 no vard-worth $2.00-BIeached 6Sxl08-worth $3.50-sale price 82.85 72x90 »5.OO '^»>.<M) dozen-worth ?7.60-Double Dam- H
U IriFh Linen-^extra fine quality-eofr finish nrRMflN 1 IMFM HFMRTITrHFn n nTH«S «l Tl "^5 ask Napkins-extra fine flnish-27 inches H
and fuliv Keached^-many pretty patterns KM flN L I\EN HE MSTI^TC U\ ED C LOTH S, $ 1.75. square-a very choice assortment of pat- M
I— full 172 inches wide. Worth $3.00— «lze 2x2^4 yards— fine soft finished quality. terns. :.' . , - . H
Towel Bargains Great Reductions on Housefurnishings 1 Tho Rod Rlanlrot Rarrrainc i
81 14% dozen— German Huck Towels To make this week doubly interesting In this department we have made I liU OCul UldlllVut DulRuHld ||
_S>x40— heavv Quality that will wear well some money saving specials In Sheets and Pillowcases, Towels, Blan- an _„ _ ... ; "— " : ii T , „;' , K9
Ir^Kuiarlv Jl 50 kets. Spreads. Comforters, and we know that you will find this to be a 82.98-Callfornia White Wool Blankets 6|
J*1.J»O "dozen— German Linen Towels— ereat economy week. f '¦ '- —extra heavy quality— fine fleecy nap on H
ex tra** heavy and fine soft finish— regu- ,. n a»»ci_ jl , i-»-n -====3=a= jj Otn sides— pink, blue and red borders— H
lany fi.7i. _ _, "Pequot Sheets and Pillowcases wide siik binding-reguiariy ?4.w. m
!«2.."><» do ? en ~ E^I*_JST r^^ n o« i irifor n One of the best known brands made— offered at less than present mill «3 9f5— Large California White Wool II
I^l^uUrl $f 00 6lZ^ prices-nlcely hemmed and ready to^se-note these bona fide reactions: Blank" s-ver/fleecy-twnigr™d weave |
?a.<W> dozen-Hemstitched Linen Tow- • 5 > nncic > K ' -^colored borders with silk bindlngs-a Ej
r^-white with neat ligured designs-ex- CTxW-regu ar y «c-BP« a 54c splendId wearing blanket-regularly $5.50. |
5 tr !^g-5c^Srid^^^w«i*- iSSSUSStely *e.7B-Bi.f California ™ t . wool |!
U m'rtium size— heavy quality— bleached or 90x50— regularly 75c— special f>!)c Blankets— extra heavy— very fleecy finish fig I
'•» unbleached— regularly 2c. J CASES — largest double bed size — pink or blue H j
HJ each— Turkish Bath Towels— extra 43x36— regularly 20c— special 1O2-3 C borders— silk edges— regularly sold for [fl
W l?'Pe size— very heavy quality— bleached 50x36— regularly 22%c— special : ..17^C S10 00 13
Vi j or unt.lcached— regularly 40c. 54x3(>— regularly 2=ic— special ; 20c II •" ' gj !
1g |" _. . ,., b< . an e vent of interest ft Remember that this offering con- 0 If you will only come in to inspect During this sale all table cloths or m
2* I , n Vp«»nurateurs hotel proprietors 1 slsts only of the highest class Irish, tt the U««ns in this sale you will de- H napkins bought here will be hemmed M
h A^liflr <nKtitiitinns as well as to a German and Scotch table linens in cide that the values are impossible H in the best possible manner free of pjj
if' fhe general hoiiscwifV \ varied and beautiful designs. || to duplicate In this city. || charge. ffl
|| X\A/O COMFORTER VALUES. "• III
13 1 «j» i Comforters— large double bed size— filled with antlseptlcally BjtA. CSC— Eiderdown Comforters — extra fine quality— filled with pure se- ffl
m i O I«Ovl»Tf>atpd white cotton— well made and covered with fine quality French B*+ J ~ # v>tJi ec ted eiderdown— covered with mercerized fiatcen in numerous de- s|
S I filkoline— regularly J2.2S ! j| elgns— corded edges— nicely quilted— regularly t7.50. , £•¦¦. ;,-.; r ... . | bj
I A Surpassing Sale Of First Selling of tlie New J
I MnupBtv <samnlp Siiik oSW Fall Coats and Wraps.!
k ItUVUllJ UUlliplU WUIlUf W&*)? viC During the next three days we will show some B
i Every one a $40 or $45 valae. fa r^ £\ >/^®S^ of the cleverest styles originated in Coats and |
t You have never before been invited <| R >^&v X^ffill^l\ Wraps for winter wear— the fashions are right— j|
to participate in such a sale as this. K\j<<J\J' 'St&N. /^SWwURa M e quality is right — and the prices most unusual. M
• 12s Novelty Suits— the entire 5am- j0> %\|^N / nTV$Z>W\ y i M
3 pie line of the Western representative of the La i Ne\V MllltarV Coat<5 1
1 Mode Suit Co of New York.... We bought them TlF^I ml I \ I I^ICW JTllllwry V^Udlb, H
i last week at prices close enough to sell them for /©• I fe t / W Kersey Cloth, in tan, castor and H
S one-fourth to one-third less than the real worth. • /» k, tj 5 / » |; black; made in the box military style; lined fi* |4"fc H
¦i There is every' style formulated by the fashion ere- /£ 1/ E| \i \\ W throughout with guaranteed satin, stylishly | \B ffl
3 ators for fall and winter wear, but we have only / fi ¦ V K Sj s / V |? trimmed and made with the newly designed ' a
/ space to mention the Blouse and Jacket (42-inch) / g % b | I r \ I sleeves— the introduction price for the next three days m
A styles, of which there are a number in varied de- IP l^'fil I V^&^iS& J * ''' • ? 10 H
I signs.. ..The material is fancy imported Zibehne I <J&Mk §M \\ r ft/1'1-4- r> ' x I
I in gravs. browns, blues and greens (numerous \^S K f ' H fiWfft Cape Military CoatS, i
' 1 shades and effects). .. .During the next three days f^§ [I $ U W l\\ Kersey cloth 'n tan black and 1
3 (if the lot lasts) these $40 and $45 suits ill be sold / W W V \ handsomely made and IfrlO £ A I
T \ r.t the remarkably low price of ¦¦ / t \f \ lined with fine guaranteed satin. f}U 1
S'f S7 50 Tailored Walking SkiPtS, // • iji V J \ , 1 ¦ AH have the" new-military, shoulder T i
They are mtdeVith fancy pleats and /t> a Ar- / I ~{ \j \ \ capes and very stylish sleeves— for the next three days H
% tailor stitched bottoms, and come In colors 3)fJj # y0 If :¦; \ .'J | % ' j\ P" c ed ..-. :.. $12.50 Kg
El of erav creen tan and black. Thpy a.re V&( !¦' I ; i th b v \ ¦¦•.•. H
a? SSi £t ing 8klm and a11 ot the I \ Fanc y Military Coats, '. I
I $20 Otamine Dress Skirts, ZHfe^Tf^f W\- ( V xk Z cut >- ; Bla( ? k . Zibeline, .-^ _ ¦ - ¦ |
§ Hrre is one cf the best offerings in (T>J a Or /$W^X®W$\ \# f lmcd throughout with superior <> g £» f\f\ M
§ rtsini'.Ti.' drr-sa skirts that we've known q>14«,OO /frfvflfif\\^ \ J^L^ satin and trimmed with fancy or- Jw B Tk 1 fiS 6
g of in month.. They we made of a ///f W f/l V\ Jl J**^^ naments and tailor stitching. ¦.-V. i -V«W g
I r cS^&^ 1/yjrM \-A^ ¦ T - hese coa - ts are "^^ models:that sellat much I \
i» ' i K ;wt styles. Twenty-dollar values offered as a spe- (Jilp-* V y>~J ' ' ¦ higher prices, and for .stylish effect "they 'are unsur- Ij8
1 j cial for $i4.8o. H^^^ v/ passed — for the next three days priced. ...... .JjllHiOO ra
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"DIAMOND MARKET
AFFECTED."
This was predicted about one year ago.
Time alone has proven the assertion, but,
like all former triumphs of science, this
wonderful gem (Sapph Diamond) has had
to prove its way to victory.
- These gems so closely rival the real dia-
mond In hardness tliat they are cut in
the same manner, receiving that high
polish" which causes them to burst forth
with that prismatic fire and brilliancy so
characteristic of the real product. J. C.
DAVIDSON has but one agency estab-
lished on this coast, and that is at 124
Kearny street. San ij'rancJsco, CaL » -
/'BEWARE"
Of any one offering 1 inferior , substitutes
or. claiming to represent me. .' ¦ , .
No electric, lights used, "only at night."
> "DAVIDSON'S GEMS" ,
Are demonstrated' side by side with real
gems and guaranteed to retain their phe-
nomenal luster. Reconstructed ¦ rubies,
emeralds, ¦• . sapphires and pearls that
would foil the best' of experts. .'.Direct Im-
porters of -Australian and- Hungarian
opals. World'* greatest diamond Imita-
tor, J. C. DAVIDSON; catalogues. - i
0:1*1 A&*cf ® fg$ Every woman covets a
loss of their girlish forms
f& j$&$j§ .r., after marriage. The bearing-
All of this can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother'5 Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tho
use of this wonderful
book, telling all about maammHm
this liniment, will be sent free. gn/e% ctjiFh! t&j&k js»J£!
Tte BrcSfleld Replitcr Co., Atlanta, 82. B a M^^M&SM
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- ADVERTISEMENTS. .¦:.:-.:¦ - -' " '' ¦ ¦ ' J
'¦¦•¦ * ' ¦¦ — — — """*¦" J£
1 San Francisco, Sunday, 4 October, 1303.
Diied m tke ijarn
IN oi pnnleQ
You can get carpets nowadays for almost any"
price you want to p a y # J3 r ussels, Velvets, Axminsters,
and even the luxurious \\rjltons are imitated — and right
cleverly too — by a class of goods, the patterns of which
are PRINTED on the s ul "f ace > J ust e so much
calico. It is ne e( u ess to saY that these patterns — pro-
duced by printi n g are only on * n e surface and some- :
times wear off long before tne carpet itself is worn
through. Wh en new and viewed on the floor, it is
h a rd to tell printed carpets f™ m genuine dyed in the
yar n goods. But pick up a n cn^ an^ double it over
with your fingers and — pre st °l tne imitation is ap-
parent.
The colors of genuine dy ed in the yarn carpets go
clear through to the back an d the patterns will not : .
become brokon by wearing off on the surface.
There is not a single piece, nor a single yard of
printed carpet on the Breunef Carpet Floor. We
therefore can and WILL guarantee every inch of car-
pet we sell to be genuine dyed in the yarn goods.
v Look over these prices, then look at the goods and
compare the QUALITIES with the "wonderfully
cheap ". offerings of the department stores, who con-
tinue to shout in sensational type the bugaboo cry of
"trust — combine " etc.
• -
Smith's "F" Palisade Tapestries. Smith's. Sanford's and Stin-
per yard 7^C s » n 's best quality Velvets, per
tO^ y ar d $1.35
Smith's and Hifjeins* eieht wire Best Wilton Velvets in >4 and
Tapestries, per yard 85C 6*4 widths, per yard, single
width SI. 90
Smith's, Sanford's and Hisrjrins\ - v . v
nine and ten wire Tapestries, per Smith's Saxony Axminsters. per
y«d ; $1.10 Tard $1.35
\ Roxbury and Stinson ten wire *f tK .* Extra Axmin i tc « •« .:
Tapestries,;per;yard.... $1.20 V 'Z"" r \"u 'I7'c • '
. .^,* s. s " l * <w Smiths Celebrated Savonerrie
per yard $1.90
Best Lowell Bisrelow and Hartford and Middlesex Axmin-
Victoria Body Brussels. per sters, per yard $1.75
yard 0 $1.65 BigcI ° W Axminsters rer yard
$2.00 v
Best Whittairs Middlesex Bodv Genuine Royal Wiltons, per
Brussels, etc., per yard. $1.50 7* Td S2LOO
All prices include sewing, lining
and laying
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.y
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco *
iJJVEBTISEMENT^ ;
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
tWE TREAT AND CURE 1
CATABBH. No«« and Throat Troubles. Nervous Diseases. Kldarr
and Over ]Jlsea«e«. Bladder Troubles. Heart Disease. Diseases ,U
the Stomach and Bowels. Piles. Fistula »n: Rectat Di«eaa«>. Fcma *
Complaints. Chronic Diseases o< Women and Children. Rtckats Sntn
al Troubles. Skin Disease*. Deatneas. Asthma. Bronchial and lJuni
Troubles. Rheumatism. Hay Pever. Xeuraltcla. Hysteria. Ear Dls-
eases. Goitre or BUT Neck. Var!coc«le. Lost Manhood, etc.- Blood
Diseases. Private Diseases, Scrofula and all forms ot Nervous ttr j \
Chrcnlc Diseases (that are curable).
OXTB MOTTO: A low f«»,T <£*Jr'2«<S!?r^ \
aulck cure, mild and palale«3 A^^^2i?»^\.
"on«n5t*tioa la p«»ca ox A^ ;^^^)®V
by letter Xre» to aU. Call or ¥£^
Lr. A. J. Shores. Q -Q /\ J^PlP?W
HOME CURES BY MAIL R *W
Do not despair because you live at a dlnunec rroTn the city. Dr». '
Shores' new system of HOME TREATMENT makes It easy to r»t L -
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new symptom blank
covers every symptom of disease which enables them to diagnose /Yf^fL&KUrr//*
your case and tell you what your trouble i*. what can be dono for * r KtrfZ 7t£i
you, and what the cost of a cure will be. WRITE If you cannot .JMFyaBgQg/yr .-.
call for their new symptom list and take advantage of the Frke y^£? ¦**/?
EXAMINATION. Whether you tak« treatment or not. the ad-
vice costs you nothlnjr. Or O w sv
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
contajrion TOU ARE THE VERT PERSON «», depend apon our word- thousTfi^ °°.
WE WANT TO TALK TO. patJeots have IndonM u," NOW
We have proven our skill in «rurln* WANT TO CURE YOU with «•--. 7™
CHRONIC diseases by publishing the many Jnderstandln K that w« will not 5-^* tlnct '
voluntary testimonials from home, peopla, fEE until we cure tooth?. d ««>an(l a
Kivins names, pictures and addresses. Lost Manhood. Seminal* \V*MVn~ a to
We Cant Publish Our Cures In ?£S3rSuZ"g£2&-^F'Cf™""« "K'
Pnvate Dl5.a«s. *» 4» JS^^^SSS
Because li would betray confidence. Henc» men. ***** w «'AKNEiiSE3 °'
we have to prove our skill In this class of OFFICE HOURS- O . — „
troubles In another way. This Is our plan. Evenings 6:30 to 8;"sunday» 10* A "' 3 ° 9 ' m " :
Drs. Shores & Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 C Mark^S.! 1
g ... ¦— ™^iagi^^TTrriM— _hj__1^ Frmncl *g<>- CatTHE < SAN FKANCISCO GALIi, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
25
% An importing Jobbers ¦ Accounts can be opened{ly \ responsible parties. 'Apply -to our Credit Bureau. W@i*W SWBIA ' Stilt
I'Sampie Line Neckwear f*™?A*!? J^ / /• | SS^8@ For Only $19.00
S . "BOB MJOOr iViOWS jf~*^f M^~'&Ss\sffs4LS' /rto/S^LST'' 0 & & &dt/f* Week
% .- $$& ®peCBaa &&ie 75c Cocoa Fiber Door MatSf &^j£jJhj£>/gg^ The BeauUivl Zibclinc Suit, e
j • y-^25^ A large import sample line well made, With braided M M BVi*/ *r "Fame and Fortune," march, "Janice aS pictured, With either blOUSe &0*M
V of «omc of the nu»t beautiful edge, size 16x27 inches; CAUF0RN ' A ' i3^^ %^"*T^ w^L *%2 fro '. ck .f? at and unlined, demi ]?£r
1 t^' ?^S^^^^ neckwear we have ever jhown Monday only, each 53O '^V8^^^&^^ ll^ r^MEm6'A t S'GRANDZST STORE. ShS Br!jht"'and "SuehDw. " train Skirt; Or with long three /-^^Js-
will be offered at a special f I . f quarter straight coat — perfectly f\ 4\\
W^$^$Mr Sale of Laces ' A Flannel Sale ' _ f gg| (^j
"-¦ less than half the prices you Monday only, your choice of thousand of yards of The first big Flannel Sale of the season is sche- medium shades of blue '^C^felK
2 •/d >^?^^fe^ lL would have to pay for the same Point de Paris Laces an d Insertions, \xox?l Z to 8 duled for Monday, if you need flannels you cannot a su it with as much stvle and V*^W£m
w« kS b0U8ht 1D fCgUar inches wide ' the best of flnish ' ail ?ood wash affor d to overlook these values. as carefully made as those or- // -fflMP \
"V^t '' :^n1^ *' a> * laces, such as are now used for trimming wash 50c French Flannels— 50 different styles of fancy dinarily sold at if 'ft Mm
m we h.d .ireidy leeurcd dresses and . underwear; an immense assort- stripes and solid colors for Fall wear; strictly $25.00, here for.. §19.OD U \ J!^jM
- W^^t^Hfi^i^i^ °Y vvm ; CT "°" °[ ° ' mcnt of P rc "y patterns to select from; worth up to 20c yard ** wo , h eavy texture, all new; to-morrow Wu
2 ff'/Vii.Y '//TT'/j of goodi wh:n these were . ,- v O8> , ' " ta v lV/ALU1^' " w "^ vv ? "-^ '"""" Z&G*% Ct.r^il Mat » P-xll C.,;t C?"7 Cft Hfl\
\\ R^fltiliSn /M-^ * offered to us. We did not * : . v only, yard ifOCr 5wcll New rail Suit— $37.50 /|/|
I fV^ij^-VnW need them. ' Therefore we BeautHvl Allovers- 1 8 inches wide; for making waists and fronting; 12 r^ c Ovttaft Flannels— The dainty solid colors in pink, blue, creams, and $40.00— The productions Of ||j|l
i )\& X< ttlM'W&l mtdc them an offer so absurdly low color., white, butter and ecru; worth up to jocyird-g^fl garnets, etc.; the fine fleeced twill kind; Monday only, yard , A^ One Of the best- manufacturers ft! t
•' • '" Mi»f that we did not expect it would be beauties every one of them; on sale Monday, yard . . . . — '.-..-... »U of Women's Wearing apparel in >t WlM^
J accepted, but it wu. We are showing complete lines of colored wqoIs and fiber bands, Scotch Tennis Flannels— T^e real, unshrinkable fast colorsj solid g§Q this COUntry. Every garment V I J!JlM^
(fa^^Aj^jl j- -j, Kf ,»,.,-,„ m,-.- edges and galoons, in the new effects, at 4.5c to $7.50 yard', also > and fancy; yard . ............ ... . . . made according to Olir own Jv(mWn&
. (®1# - 3T^3^?Jf^K Mf^y/^^^a^^^/^^^znJ^^ sWckXnsandafJaca^e-
y^Sv//l'K hTbS, white, white .nd h'.ck, b!«k and colors; at from 8 i- 3 c to 75c yard. Also rich novelties in chif hundreds of patterns and coloring, yard : .JOc r P , / V *u u w n * 1
j-*2§W/ *!» white, an and g«y. Eyerything tb.t i» new f on appliques and Persian trimming, --'^i 36 Inch Eiderdown Flannel— Heavy grade, all colors, yard ....... 45o IUl.StUCiy OI Uie Dest iail Styles. ror the price
y^^lk^f' ta V p S a C eSta,^c.^f«^tr-Sp ' ' T" ' , — ; it is simply impossible to crowd more value
%m0^CX rtc'/wm be fLd^ th S lot. We have He$*e fog* IWozHsfa £WiHgS1Br\f > i^^^fejv into a suit than these possess. They are made
/ L y -o» mir kH them xt four different F nc«: *v wm&WEsSjfc^ °^ ine nove^y mixtures in brown, blue, green
,„ Our millinerv supremacy has been demonstrated- more completely than ever before since the. opening of Wm^BkmmSSKS*V and 2rav effects and wp arp thnrnnahlv rnn- •
$ 5.00 to $ 6.50 Capes, S2.9O our fall an a wint y er p P atterns ; Thousands of satisfied customers are the best evidence of the merit of our %flHlli VinrS that von r^nnn^L^h.Jn^lLh^
$ 7.50 to $ 9.00 Capes, S3.45 . Millinery and the true economy of our prices. c,,?tc pIqpwK^p nnSS <d' ? m he /3 Ual -n TK
S10.00 to $12.50 Capes, S4.85 , ? Whether it be for a simple hat for a young school girl, or the most elaborate pattern hat from a world W^MM Imoorum or ices'
$13.50 to 517.50 Capes, $6.30 famous milliner, you will find that our prices mean a'true saving when materials and styles are considered. y. 'ffl&Jif tg**3t m 9 Cf% -M *f» iw 0% *%*%
Model Hits $25.00 to $45.00 Ready to wear. .... $2.OO to $7.95 <**^^W%s* *p3mm5U £l!fi!£i
C?-niF<a 4S>n"*£*fa&G*B mPIUS Trimmei Drtts Htrg $4.95 to $25. OO Children's and Mis cs 1 "ready to wear 95o to $2.95 ,
&€&UKS lJ//aUI«M?« «*#«tMJ ¦*^w*'«w*^ Novelty Black Haw . . . .i $2.95 to $6.95 Girls* Dress Hats from '. $t.5O to $12.00 ~^^^3S, M C**BM EQ>tt*445***+~%4**
Ftmha+nSHptlPPtl So&lt*f& ' — •' mv&W « r^&WSsCOSilS
E-StU&SS UUWSU %S*M «r«jr«f Tljjp f%SaB+B$ff*$^ S&BVftS IFU B*MBi&M B+&* §&* J ust °P cned Saturday, the newest of the new, the correct
On the special .ale counters /fcjwfcy OT^ you will find one of E39S&U **«##"£?(?£» ****** UrMMMIWr-** Eastern and jj mo deratlly. priced.
the handEomest lot of Spachtel and Swiss embroidered scares We have furniture for the most well-to-do folks, as well as the simpler and inexpensive kinds for modest homes, but whatever Petticoats of heavy rustling taffeta, fall width with white-bias
and squares that have ever been offered in this city at special kind you wish to buy be assured that the carpets and furniture we will show you are the best possible to obtain at the prices you fl 0U nce, and full under flounce, and dust ruffl= of silk, black only
sale. They are a manufacturer's line cf samples and numerous wish to pay. :V : '•- ......' " J&i* /!#) -
small broken low, secured by us at one-half their regular cost. With taste and individuality a home can be fitted much cheaper than one imagines. Let our furniture experts help you plan * p "• ' " * f \ * * J,* * * Y ' J, ~ " ' * * .j£ *% „
• Tb« good. «M pgiiggfff* t j£™*>" d color schemes and the b »J*W of the furniture that « ives the most uni " ue *hd charming effects. flouocT.ccordco.^JS7aS3S w!a"L^= JS I ctdbg!
-«Yi bS^.ndVonr'c'hoke on* \l^a" wch ? x&3G 5-foot DaVQnpoH (see pic- ' ' fe£3=^? Rush Seat Rocket* (see cut) dust ruffle underneath, fall assortment of colors and black
• The Nev Ideas in Art Needle VJ^-For the holidays are now ture)-Mahogany color frame, l^#J^$||^^k. J^P* "This graceful Rush^ Seat Arm $8.50
rea d v — Cushion tops pin cushions, stamped linen, Mexican upholstered in solid color velour, '^^m^^^&^m^^^ **?* ffJ Rocker, in either imitation ma- Petticoats ol a beautilul qvality o! Ta!Icta, having two wide knife
drain Pieces Retiaissance patt'rns ornaments, spangles has excellent spring work, and - IT JfiSS hogany or finely polished golden pleated flounces, finished with narrow hem rufle, and full silk
/ ,,- a //^;V/^W>. aW ?x,,;»,^ fr . S r e e"SrS 5 o 0 u 0 r in sa e ie Cl p U rt V e: il^^^^Hi "tt'es
Sale Solid Silver Spoons «"^*y°*y $22.35 W — — f A^Hj t^y v^y^^ 5m2O ~^~ — ~~- 7TT- ' — ¦
] 7 SO ES&Ch Three - Piece Mahogany Parlor Colonial Parlor Arm Chair-An O> ¦ O *H* -m****** *M*9 ****** *m**§*SMJ* 9 .
• Suit— Napoleonic design, finest polished ma- extct reproduction of a famous design, exquisitely MOtttioif SHItl AN fftB WQGft MOtttiay Only — The SO Cllt PHCCS
f^^ \ hogany, high-clas, velour covering with fieurde finished $18.50 CHOSCQ Of Our EittirC StOCtf Bakcrt COCOB-Hdf lb. dn. 20O
, h^' «n opportuaitT such «s this to | &S^^____^^=^S^ li« woven in same; soft, arm cha.r and reception # - Babbitt's DcSt Soap— I I bars for O
r:,rr,:t;^hcavcr«edd;np E f:s,|'fe^^ : =^^^^^ > chair. $115.QO Magnificent Old Colon.al Morris BOOy BSPUSSeiS— Sapolio— Enoch Morgan's, 4 cakes 25o
itirt^^^SSr % ' JBB*\ C ° IOnlaI Wl^^l^M WIM^^mm B&lau,,LowelU % IVhittalls, Imperials, 5& iSSIgg
forks, sugar iifters, orange spoons, *^ <J^^^' Pedestal— Made in imitation of the renowned tfteS. Sewed, lined dfld laid v * Pabst ToniC Malt — One doz $2*25
pickle forks, etc., all with gold- Ve S ni f Mo L rt i n Pl ? ploP Cabinet— Rookwood ware . A U the floral decoration, mm~> ''ZL -t'l* "> « -» Tipo Chlantl— Qu^t bottle S5o
££ 91 . 5 - V ; 70-. d^raU", felt P— eolo. and hi g h are hand work Per Jf^^^ ,f /.3 7 Old MeBrayer Whlskey-Sprbg » 96 , gal. . 53.11
.77 /^D'C? $50.00 . . • • $20.00 ty~ ; — A Imperial Ginger Ale- Doz 7J O
--^um-thm, ¦—^» -— _-_ -,„ |^ "
An Amazing Club Off&r For
Chambei*®' ' Jtfew Encyclopaedia
The Autograph Edinburgh and American Edition==the Latest==the Very Best
I By special arrangement with the publishers, Messrs. J. B. Lippincott Co. of Philadelphia and W. and R. Chambers of Edinburgh, The
Emporium of this city announces a special club offer of the world's greatest; reference library, their New Chambers' Encyclopaedia —
j the Edinburgh and American edition recently completed and published in this country and Great Britain at an enormous outlay of time
and money. Through this club offer you will* haVe the opportunity of securing a set of this valuable work at far below the regular
price, with a plan of payment as easy as the purchase of a daily paper. ¦•;'.;¦;.
W$ & umes to your home — t^_ ;^^i^4^^^| 133SPS^^^V*l|'|i T^^O^^^m^Mm^^^ii Thousands of sets were
I Bring or mail $1.00 to The Emporium This is the latest and only au- "M^MmMMM^ " Bring $1.00 to the Book/ r / .
Book Department and the complete set in thorized edition pf this work . f^^'^Lcn^.^SM^^r Deoartment of The Em- //
either binding you choose will be deliv- s nr Q «i- i n fU~ IJnit^rl Qt^t^c J?£/,s ~5zr7^> \ • **ti j. j.±. //
% torsaie in tne united Mates O^^* 1 -^^^^^^ porium or fill out the ///
I The balance for the cloth-bound edition of America. s&£zzzf*** - * coupon and enclose // Onfe|l
I may be paid in 13 monthly payments of ¦ — — ,,.,.. — — — $l;00. and mail to /£/ Blank
$3l tSance for the half-Russia bound ! ™is Superb LibranyNecessanr *o All Emporium,
g • . . . j . ., , . Consists of 10 Massive Volumes 10,000 Pages m new large type, Nearly 5000 Biographies of du- Fr^UfKrO ond X^ / c "CV C lOpaeaia
j SetS may be paid IP 1 6 monthly payments —Handsomely bound in cither full cloth superbly primed; 1000 pages- to the tinguished men and women are given. Clll^ISWV, <X\Y\X V^/Club, The Em- .
g Of$3.00each. or hair-Russia. .volume. About 20 coo columns of up-to. , the Set will be San Fran-,
P WPCCDPriAI I VDPrnMIMPNnTHC Near| y 200,C00 Subjects of inter- Over 100 Colored Maps— A com. - ( A ."? \™!r*? n , ]]t "V,* t ! > A A X^ / C SCO, Cal.—
I . . WE ESPECIALLY KbCOMMbNDTHE C8t , nd cross-reference, are given. plete Atlas of the World. . date information on all subjects. J f Q rWa rded /^/Enclosed find J51.00 for which
fj HALF-RUSSIA LEATHER BINDING as 4000 Engravings— The finest ever 1000 Authorities of 'world- wide Brought up to 1903— It ii the; , i/flii S\\ yV^Vsend me complete set New Cham-
1 hptno- mr\ro annrnnrialA $r\v tt xxrnrlr r\t .made for a book of reference. • distinction have contributed. .,. latest and best in every particular. '^"M ***• j /*?'/~bers' Encyclopaedia in . . ... .'
H Utlll^ 1 1 1 KJ 1 C- d|7|71 Upl lulv Ivll d W \J 1 IV Ul \ . . . . XA. SW A' '
j SUHie that yOU WOUld rather accept Our ' '-^.W.;.....^. ¦¦—^ ,,-^L^ ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦: ¦¦¦¦¦¦ - ¦¦¦^ /• is desired write 16 payments .
I advice TO Order KUSSia SetS. '^<®8wBi^^^5y|ERreA'S'GRANDESTj5TORC /- If doth binding write 13 payments.Attorney Sues for Fees.
Attorney J. H. Meredith filed two suits
yesterday against E. B. and Robert Per
rin Both suits are for money due for
services Meredith alleges he rendered
them in winding up their affairs in Wil
liams, Ariz. The suits aggregate $16,550.
Phocion Howard and Edward L>. j
Hughes, charged with forgery on com- J
plaint of F. E. Beck. Dresident of the
International Banking Corporation, ap
peared in Police Judge Cabanlss* court
yesterday. At the request of the defend
ants and with the consent of the prose
cution the case was continued till next j
Thursday. ' - ;
Howard and Hughes in Court.
A petition for letters of administration
en the estate of Gladys Welker. who shot
herself in the presence of her husband on
September 22, was filed yesterday. The
petitioners are Carl W. Welker. husband
of the deceased, and Eva Nelson, her
mother. The estate, which Is worth $3000.
consists of Butte County realty and per
sonal property.
Gladys WelkeVs Est«te in Court.
Charles Marco, who was tried for grand
larceny and convicted of petty larceny
In Department 2. Judge Lennon presid
ing, was sentenced yesterday to serve six
months in the County JalL Marco was
accused of stealing over T700O in coin and
jewelry from Mrs. Julia Klein, who was
induced by him to leave St. Louis more
than a year ago and come here to start
a restaurant. He fled and waa arrested
in Chicago. The jury had a doubt as to
the amount of laocey which Mrs. Klein
said Marco stole and he got the benefit
of it-
Harry Jackson, who was coaricted by
a jury in Judge Cook's court on a charge
of robbery, was sentenced yesterday to
serve ten years in San Quentin. Ha and
another man. who escaped, knocked down
and robbed Charles E. Hallenquist of a
gold ring and S3 T> on Fourth street, near
Mission, on the morning of June 2S.
Bobber Will Serve Ten Tears and a
Petty iATcenlst Six
Months. -
SENTENCE IS PASSED
UPON TWO PBISONEBS
The Sheriff immediately left for the
scene of the capture and took charge of
Dawson. Believing other escaped pris
oners were about the neighborhood he
made a search, assisted by Xissen. and
drove a man from a straw pile at 4 o'clock
In the morning. This man was trailed to
Gennantown. a distance of fifteen miles.
He was arrested at 9 o'clock and proved j
to be Peter Beck, whose term of sentence f
in the jail here was ISO days for petty !
larceny.
Under Sheriff NIssen of Monterey Coun
ty, who resides at Cbuluar. was attracted
Thursday night by the noise of the bark-
Ing of his dogs In his front yard. He In
vestigated and found a man at the front
gate. NIssen Identified the stranger as
one of the fugitives and locked him in a
box car. He communicated with Sheriff
,Trafton and from him learned that his
captive was Dawson. who had been serv
ing a sentence for burglary of Mayor
Quinn's house at Watsonville. '
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 3.— Peter Beck and
Dennis Dawson. two of the three prison
ers who escaped from Jail Monday night
by digging through the asphalt floor, are
again In custody. They will won plead
guilty to jail breaking, a penitentiary of
fense.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
Offenders Who Dug
Through a Jail Floor
Captured.
OFFICERS FIND
TWO FUGITIVES
Another writ was served on Adolph Ko
cour, a dealer In furs at 121 Post street,
at the Instance of D. A. Curtln on an as
signed claim of 53407 14. The deputies on
taking an inventory of th© stock In the
store found that its value was but $¦>••.
They also ascertained that there was a
chattel mortgage on the goods tn the st:in
of $333. They therefore once more retired
from the scene.
Tfce Sheriff's deput!es yesterday g«rved
two writs of attachment, but la each In
stance found that the service was pro
ductive of no result. The Cr»t was on a
restaurant at 415 Keamy street, and was
the outcome of a suit brought by C. J.
Lelst to recover $300 from J. Dlersoer,
who at one time owned the restaurant.
"When the deputies swooped down on the
place, to put It under loclc and key they
were chagrined when they were Informed
that Diersoer had sold the restaurant
last "Wednesday and the new owner was
In full possession. The) deputies retired
crestfallen from the scene.
In One Case Defendant Had Sold Sis
Restaurant, in the Other Goods
Were Mortgaged.
SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES LEVY
TWO 1'UTIIjTI ATTACH3IENTS
APPIilES TQ SAN QUENTHT.
We have in this report only touched upon
th eoutllnes of the "evils that exist" In tbe
present system " under which the State pilsons
are conducted. We realize that all of thsse
evils car.net be corrected In a day.
All that wo have said concerning .Folsom
prisoa In reference to rrison room Is appli
cable to San Ouentin prison, and our hope Is
that with your aid. co-operation and sympathy,
which we fee! we have, the next Legislature
may make sufficient appropriations to enable
the board to begin the work which will eventu
allr bring about the change so much desired I
and needed. *
In conclusion we wish to say that the me*t i
exTac-dlnary precautions are being taken to
prevent any further outbreak at Folsom prison. ,
still, from the evidenc- taken, the board is ,
satisfied that many of the officers and guards
did not re*oond to the emergency as they i
should, and we are Impressed with the necea- .
sity of a thorough reorganization at Folsi?m i
prison. This Is now engaging our earnest and j
continued attention, and we will accomplish ;
It at the earliest possible moment. The task,
however, is no light cne, and we are under
taking It with the care aad caution that It
demands, realizing that an error of Jf f*ent
cr a hasty act on our part misrht be fatal to the
bTst Interests of the State. We wish to assur
you that we hold ourselves ready at all times
to consult and advise with you concerning the
matters under our charge. Respectfully sub-
FITZGERALD. C. N. FELTOX. J.
H. W1LKINS, DON RAT
Dated September 16. 10CR.
of the Legislature to the urgent need of a wall
around FoJsom orison, but without avail. If
a wall is not provided, sooner or later life will
be eacrlflced in the effort to prevent other pris
on outbreaks. So convinced was your board
of the necessity of a wall that at a meeting of
the board held rrior to the recent outbreak the
Warden was crdered to commence taking out
granite to be used for this purpose, trusting
that the Legislature would make up any de
ficiencies that may b» thus incurred and pro
vide such appropriation as would enable the
board to purchase the necessary cement and
tools, and we hope that cur action will meet
with your approval.
We also wish to caH your attention to the
case of John Martinez, serving a twenty years
sentence for rape, and received at the, prison
November 9. 1S95. Martinez went to the as
sistance of Gatekeeper Chalmers, when be was
assaulted by the convicts, shut the outer gate
and put the key in his pocket and immediately
rang the alarm bell. He also assisted in every
Much has been said and printed concerning
the appointment of trusties at Foiftom prison
and reflecting severely on some. of the trusties
In responsible positions. Whatever may be
the wisdom of there appointments, on this
occasion at least, every trusty who had it
within his power rendered immediate and val
uable services, both at the time of the break
and to those who were so grievously injured.
We desire to call your attention especially to
the case of Joseph Casey, a life termer re
ceived at the prison June .1, 1890, who had
charge of the inner gate. When he saw the
trouble in the yard he immediately closed the
gate as the line wm coming out and kept
within the prison building 500 convicts, thus
preventing what possibly might have been a
general delivery. Casey has been a trusty at
this gate for twelve years, and has never
misted a day from his position. It Is an ex
ceedingly Important position, and >his action
on this occasion deserves the fullest considera
tion and your board unanimously recommends
him for unconditional and Immediate pardon. -
DEALS WITH "TRUSTIES."
The board Is of the opinion, further, that it
was most unwise and imprudent for the War
den and other officers of the prison . to meet
every morninr, as had been their custom.
In the captain' « office. Just as the line was
passing out. It afforded the opportunity of
doing just what was done In this case, and
yet It has been the custom for officers to
meet at this same time and place for many
years and while Warden Aull was Warden
of the prison. It furnishes, however, another
Illustration of how easy we can see what
might be done If we always knew what was
goinr to happeiL
So convinced Is the board that It Is the
duty of all officers and guarCs to prevent the
eicape of convicts at every hazart that an
order has been issued making It the Imperative
duty of all officers and guards to prevent
convicts from escaping, whether they have
free men in their charge or not. and when
any each attempt is made by the convicts
the guards must fire. This order applies to
both prisons. ,
The break, however, wag not the result, in
our ODlnion, of a lack of experience on the
part of the officers. Warden WVkinson was
about four year B an officer at San Quentln
prison before assuming the duties of Warden
at Folsom prison, where he has now been
nearly four years. Captain Murphy has been
at Folsora prison twenty-threw- years and Lieu
tenant Kipp fifteen years, and the other guards
and officers captured by the convicts on this
occasion, with the exception of Vertrees and
S«*vey. who were aooolnted In March, 1903.
had been cmDloyed at the prison from one to
ten years. So that many of the officers taken
by the convicts, and wholly surprised on' this
occasion, have had many years' experience at
Fotscm prison and were high la authority,
and their exoerlence. or the opportunity to
benefit by that experience, cannot be Ques
tlcned.
GUARDS MUST DO DUTY.
Tour board Is of the opinion thai ha/1 either
Warden Wilkinson or Captain Murphy refuted
to give the order to the guards not to fire,
when commanded to do so by the convicts,
some of tfce officers and guards in the power
cf the coavicts would ia all probability have
been severely injured, if not mur>red and
In arriving at our conclusions we are not un
mindful of this and fully realize tno position
the officers were placed »n. Yet the board
Is unanimously of the opinion that the offi
cers and guards ehou<d have stopped this out
break at all hazards. Unfortunate as it may
be to sacrifice a free man's life. In such a
case we believe that those who accept ruch
positions, where duty sometime makes it
necessary to endanger their lives, this duty
should be fearlewly performed. Your board
!s convinced that had the officer? and guard
who were attacked showed the name during
end nerve as the convicts who attacked them
the convicts could never have left the prison
grounds alive. We also feel that there was
a time when the lieutenant of the *uard could
have stopped the outbreak and prevented the
prisoners from escaping and he should under
rio circumrtances have surrendered" the armory
to the convict*. We do not charge the officers
with 'coward Ice and believe that «x!n« com
pletely surprised they acted as they did not
fully realizing the full sense of their 'duty
until the matter was over and tl:e convicts
icon-. It may be well, to add here that Warden
Wilkinson croved that he was not d»>flcl»nt In
courage by hit conduct after belnff released
by his captors. While the Imprisoned convicts
were in a etate of wild insurrection he en
tered the building with three officers and per
sonally conducted a lockup at th? Imminent
risk of bis life.
OFFICIATES ARE CENSURED.
We do not think It, necessary to go Into a
more detailed revert of the fact* to you at
this time, as your secretary. A. B. Nye, was
present during all the lnvestlgat:on. and. in
deed, few new facts were elicited In addition
to those airsady published in the pres.«.
Tn* gatekeeper. J. Dolaa. was instructed by
the Warden and Captain Murphy to open tte
gate and c* did so. The convicts then took
Dolan with theza and after capturing J. G.
McDoncugh, general overseer, lust outside the
gate, proceeded to the armory, where there
wer* seven or eight guards and Lieutenant of
th* Guard Kipp. Tfce convicts threatened to
blow up the armory with dynamite, whica one
of them carried, unless they were permitted to
tsks arms asd ammunition from tha armory.
Here again Warden Wilkinson and Captain
Murphy, as well as Lieutenant Klpp, ordered
th* guards net to fire, and tbe armory was
surrendered to the convicts. Then the con
victs, after arming themselves, took with them,
in addition to the officers and guards accom
panying them from the yard. Guards W. J.
Hcpton acd L. S. Vertreee. When but a short
distance from tfce prisoa Warden Wilkinson,
Captain Murphy. U. A. Wilkinson. C. H. Ward
end Guard Jolly were released and returned to
tbe prison. Three other officers and guards
made their escape soca afterward. All the
other officers and guards were released the
evening of tfce uce day. No info&nation was
obtained or covid be obtained as to when or
where the weapons and dynamite were ob
tained ty the conrlcts, but as we shall point
out to you hereafter, with the number of of
ficers and guards at our disposal, and the cp
porturaty aSorded convicts to get contraband
goods, and which cannot be prevented under
the presect erstem. It is not at all surprising
that the convicts were able to obtain both the
weapons and dynamite. Of the thirteen con
victs who ezcaped eight are now at large. Al
lison, being wounded at Pilot Hill, committed
suicide. Since that time Convicts Roberts.
Seavis. 'Woods and Murphy have been captured.
We wish here to commend most earnestly the
manly and brave resistance of Turnkey Coch
rane, who. though unarmed, fought the con
victs until be was so severely Injured from re
peated knife thru«t* that he could no longer
continue the fight. The convicts then made
him accompany them through the yard to the
upptr gate, where he fell from exhaustion,
when one of the convicts ttepped out of the
line and violently kicked him in the abdomen
as he lay upon the ground practically dying.
Too much praise cannot b« given Turnkey
Cochrane for his splendid courage and actions
on this day.
ARTrfOBY WAS I/OOTED.
which led to the murder of one
guard end the assassination of two mem
bers of th* Placerville company of the
National Guard, has been made public.
The report, which fully covers the out
break and which was recently reviewed
by Governor Pardee, Is as fellows:
Hon. George C. P*rd«e. GoTeracr of the
6t»te of QtUlcrslfc — Sir: Tbe Slal* Board of
Prison Directors, at *. neetlag held oa A j- 
k~-tt 22. lfrOG. ruliy is-resti^ated the tucis con
cercicc lit reeest outbreak at Poison ;rl»on
asa ttrtls. rcbcU the facts focad *&3 ooa
ciusictu reached after such investigation.
Ob th* morsisc ef July 27. }9WS, at abont
7 o'clock. ircUe t£« prisocers were goics oct
cf the raaln bnUdisf, and wb«c ever SO& had
reached the yard. Mine twelve cr fourteen de*
perat* ce&Tlcts, all artned. sooe with kzivee,
•of&« wlta raxon asd some carrTlsg" '>~cair.!:e.
broke from the lln« and attacked the Officers
acd putiria present aad, findlc* Warden Wll
i!:i;; and Captain Murphy la the captain's
office, overpowered th«m and tar«atened. with
drawn kslTca, to klU them chocld they tnak*
any resistance. Tfcer« esrsed a desperate en
ccuctex, w&ertln Guard \V. I*. Cctter was
klifed aad Turnkey Cochrane desperately
wecsded. Thirteen of the convicts tben
forced th* SVarden and Captain Murphy to
rtr* a- aisBal from th* yard to tbe ruaris la
the tun pests not to shoot.
Th« following sained convicts, to- wit: Jo
seph Tberoo, Fred Howard. R. M. Gordon, Al
bert Seavls (nerrc), P.ay Fabey. John H.
Woods, Frank Case. Edward Davis. James
Roberts, John J. Allison. Joseph 21urphy. Har
ry Eldrldse' ar.d Fra=k Miller, proceeded with
the !o!lGwicg named officers aad guards, u>-wlt:
Tbomaa Wilkinson, Warden; R. J. Murphy,
captaia of tne ruard; H. A- Wilkinson, stenog
rapher; T. C. Brown, aisbulanc« driver; Guy
11 Jeter, foreman of th« quarry ; John Kleszen
fiorf, rock crusher overseer; T. J. Beaver.
guard; C. H. Ward, bead engineer, and C. H.
Jolly, rock crusher overseer, and Turnkey
Cochraa*. under their control, to' what Is
known as tbe upper gate.
p if s^HE report submitted by the State
I Board of Prison Directors to Gov-
I eroor Pardee on the outbreak from
** Folsom prison on July 27 last.
BOARD OP WORKS CASHXEH- I
. FILES FINANCIAL BEPOBT
Beceipts Ifczmg September for vari
ous Permits Aggregate Sum
of $12,449 41.
.The financial rejwrt for September of
the- cashier or the Board of Public Works,
filed yesterday, shows the total receipts
to have been tl2.4«S 41, subdivided as fol
lows:
Oe« tenured tr.4 eixty-two street space per
tr.ita, 131C0; £6 asphalt kettle permits, $100;
£* t'.er*-a.'k permits. $O: 6 sub-ei4»wa!k per
mits. $*OC>; 139 house bu!l<51r.g permits, t'IZi:
1 bouse m<yr!r.g i-^ttt.H, $40; 1*8 eMe sewer
C'^'f.'jr. tZ's" '¦¦•. tiiar.'* <*ue on 14 ei<3e sewers
«jn"i»T«Ftlrn*t~l. *;S5 26; f«* collected by
Bureau w€ Engineering. 11240: advertising
charges. t21« 1Z>; miscellaneous, $1.
. The disbursement* for the month were
A Little Bain Falls.
A few crops of rain xeil in San Fran
cisco late yesterday afternoon and more
vu predicted for last night and this
morning by the Wealther Bureau. The
etorm, which Is of slight importa.nce,
originated along the coast near the Ore
gon boundary Une and was working south
tt the time of the last observations.
CANE STTGAB IMPOSTS
MUST FUENTSH BONDS
Treasury Department Believes the
Strain Imposed by Its Circular
cf Last September.
In the matter of the collection of coun
tervailing duties on Importations of cane
Eurar the Treasury Department has ls
eued a letter which was received yester
day by acting Collector William B. Ham
ilton tendlns to relieve importers of cane
sugar from considerable embarrassment
and Inconvenience. The letter is as fol
lows:
In the case of imDortatlons of rurars from
cane sugar producing countries unaccompanied
by the certificate prescribed In department cir
cular Xo. '105 of September 17, I0C3. you
will, until further notice, require, as a con
dition precedent to delivery, a bond to pro
duce eald certificate Instead of intimating
countervailing duties. In an amount equal to
the highest export bounty or grar.t paid or
bestowed by any country, as provided In said
circular. Resuectfuily,
R. B. ARMSTRONG,
_ Assistant Secretary.
PEKING, Oct. 3. — United States Ulnlster
Conger arrived to-day from Shanghai for the
purpose of signing the commercial treaty with
the Chines* commissioners, i
We wish In this report to you to emphasize
the condition and needs of the prisons of Cali
fornia. We have at Folsom prison about four
hundred cells, but" sometimes over nine hun
dred prisoners. At San Quentln prison the
eituation is still worse. No segregation of
prisoners is possible. We are without a prison
wall at Folsom, and eight or nine hundred con
victs are turned loose every morning into an
open field, with nothing but guard posts to con
trol them, and the appropriation made limits
us to the employment of not to exceed forty
three guards. It is impossible to prevent ex
convicts at night from placing on the grounds
weapons, opium, ' dynamite, or other contra
band goods, where they can be obtained by the
inmates of the prison during the day. With
the guard force at hand, the eight hundred
prisoners cannot.be searched twice a day. and
thus I we are slaced at ' the mercy of the ex
convicts and the various prisoners now con
fined at Folsom prison.
We arc compelled in both prisons, for lack
of appropriation, to place trusties in charge of
moat responsible positions, such as bookkeep
ers, telegraph operators, gatekeepers and elec
tricians. The : wonder • Is, . then, we have pro
ceeded thus far with no more serious results.
Tour, board baa frequently called the attention
We favor emphatically In the conduct and
care of the criminals humane and kindly treat
ment, using physical punishment only when
necessary to maintain discipline. But the con
gregate system, where all are together in tho
same yard, young and old. bad and indifferent.
Is what we most complain of and protest
against. This system has been abandoned by
practically every other State In the United
States, but California seems ' content with it,
notwithstanding that under this system, pleas
ant though' It may be for the more hardened
prisoners, she Is educating criminals and is.
as has been well said (though perhaps not real
ized by her citizens), a partner in crime. Cor
rection under this system Is wholly impossible.
Indeed no approach at reformation can be
hoped for while the system lasts. But wors«
than this, the young men are educated crimi
nals before leaving the prison. Under such a
system no officer or set of officers can expect
improvement In any man who Is confined In
either prison. We believe that the congregate
system has been better administered in Cali
fornia, and is being better administered at the
present time, than anywhere else in the world
where It has been tried, and It may be that
because of this fact the system remains, not
withstanding the nrotests and efforts of those
who have the prisons In charge. The condi
tion of each prison has been fully explained,
and protest against the same has been made to
every Governor for the last twelve or fifteen
years, as It waa to yourself prior to the break.
A plea has been made through the resorts of
your board for additional prison room, to
every Legislature for the last ten or twelve
years, but no heed has been paid to these re
ports, because, as has been said to us on more
than one- occasion, "Oh. you are doing very
well, the prisons are getting along all right."
APPROPBIATIONS NEEDED.
SYSTEM IS AT FAULT.
These criticisms, unjust and hasty as we
know them to be, have not In the slightest In
fluenced the action of the board, nor have their
utterance engendered any personal feeling
whatever, for it has always been patent to us
that they have been made either in lenorar.ee
of the facts or by misguided sentimentalists,
and that some day the people of California
would learn the truth about the prisons of this
State, and. when understood, would respond as
piomptly and generously as they have to the
n^eos of ether departmer.ts of the government.
It is to be regretted, however, that personal
abure of prison officials and the death of inno
cent people are r.ecessary to attract public at
tention to the "evils that exist" and the cry-
Ing needs of the State prisons, but such seems
t--> be the case.
It is a sufficiently difficult task to control
the convicts of California under the system in
vogu* in this State, and which your board Is
convinced Is a disgrace to the State, without
the convicts feeling that the public at large
sympathize with them and not with the offi
cers of the law. As you know, the prisons In
California are conducted under what is knswn
as the "congregate system." the same system
which was adopted in this State fifty years
ago. No chance has been made in this sys
tem: it Is the game to-day as it was then. Cal
ifornia has practically stood still In this par
ticular for half a century. True, the adminis
tration of that Fystem has been Improved in
many material respects. For years your beard
has endeavored to eliminate from the manage
ment of the State prisons any political influ
ence cr interference and that is its present
aim. We are pleased to say that we have suc
ceeded in this to a very great extent and wish
to acknowledge cur appreciation of your ex
pressed desire to aid us in this particular. We
do not believe that there is any prison in the
world where prisoners are better fed than in
the prisons of California; and certainly there
are no prisons where they are fed as well for
the same cost. The health and physical condi
tion of the prisoners are most carefully guard
ed, and It has been frequently a matter of crit
icism, made by those familiar with prison
methods In other countries and In other States
of this country, that our convicts are too well
treated.
CRITICISMS ABE UNJUST.
It Is a sad commentary for us to have to
repeat to you that the condition of Folsom
Prison Is such, that because of lack of suffi
cient prison accommodations we have to con
fine prisoners In their cells, who endeavor to
assist the of 2ee«,'* either by giving them Infor
mation of plots to escape or aid the officers
when an outbreak occur*, in order to 'protect
these convicts from the fury and assaults of
other prisoners, who are ever ready to take the
life of any conxict who attempts to aid the
authorities in any way. Such Is practically the
condition in bcth prisons to-day and your board
i* heipless and powerless to char.ge it without
legislative action which will enable the board
to provide for additional prison room.
Many causes have led to the prison outbreak,
not the least of which has been the record of
convicts in other prieens who have become no
torious because of their exploits in breaking
Jai! a.nd taking life after their escape and
while being pursued. Again, there seems to
pervade a sickly sentimentality among sctne
people concerning the treatment of prisoners in
the State prisons of California, which found
voice during the last session of the Legislature,
when It was cade to appear, in pulpit and
rostrum, that the real felons were those who
were ttrivins to control the convicts In both
pr.sons by enforcing the sharp discipline that
experience has proved necessary in dealing
with desperate men. The con\'lcts were made
the heroes; the officers and guards the law
breakers. Since that time unrest has pervaded
both prisons to a greater or less degree.
PRISONS IN BAD STATE.
ASKS CONVICTS* PABDON".
O. C Clark. Xa 3943 under twenty years'
i sentence on charge cf forgery, aal eight
! priori, waa received at the prison frooo San
i Frtncisco ca November 2, litffl. Clark !• a
j trusty in the captain's offlee and as soon as I
j be could get out of the office he gave a gen- }
; eral alarm, phoned to Folscrn for as extra
• doctor, assisted !n caring for Guard Cotter and
; Turnkey Cochrane and rendered every aselst
i ance that he cculd. Notwithstanding his many
: prior convictions. Clark has always been a
] model prisoner and attends strictly to his duty J
I while la prison. "We believe that, notwith
; standing hie bad record while outside and his j
j many convictions, the sen-ices he has rendered
j en this occasion are entitled to consideration, i
[ and we respectfully suggest that his sentence
; commuted to such an extent as to you, un
j cer the circumstances, juay seem proper.
William Grtder, No. 53T0. a third tenner.
; serving sentence for five years for burglary I
! In the second degree, from San Joaquin County
J and received JTay 5. 1903, was a cellmate of
. Ccnvlct Eldridge. who escaped, and was ad
vised of the Intended outbreak that morning.
He took every means within his .power to notify
j the officers, but was unable to do so. He did,
i however, notify a trusty, but before that trusty
could Inform the officers the break had oc
j curred. For thus attempting to eead informa
tion to the authorities Grider has been as
_, eau.ted twice by convicts and In order to pro
j tect him frcsn further assaults aad bodily ln
i Jary the prison authorities have been com
j pelled to keep him locked up in his cell. And
j even with his unsavory record while out, we
i believe that he is entitled to consideration and
I suggest such, action In his case as to you shall
! seem proper.
We bsUeve that actlcn in the cases herein
, suggested to rou is deserving on the part of
j the prisoners for the efficient services rendered i
j by them, and will do much to encourage other j
prisoners, under like conditions, to assist the '
officers and to give them Information. It is !
essential that the prisoners know that they will
I be rewarded whenever they render such aid to
I the officers. ;
way possible Guard Cotter, who subsequently
died, and Turnkey Cochrane. who was so dan
gerously Injure^. Your board, on account of
the services rendered on this occasion, also
reccRimeads that John Martinez be pardoned.
Charles Abbott. No. 635, a second tenner,
u=der life sentence lor murder In the flr»t de-
Kiee. *u committed treni San Francisco and
received at the prison September 4, 1&%3, ren
dered Taluable assistance In helping to care
for Guard Cotter and Turnkey Cochrane. He
went to the aid of thesa two when they were
so desperately wounded, did eTerythiEg that
he could do looking toward their relief, car
ried Cochrane Into the captain's office and but
for fcis prompt acucn Cochrane would in all
probability have died. In addition to this Ab
bott served twenty years' soUd time up to Sep
tember 4 Use While he was one of those who
took rtart In the break of 1S93. since that time
Abbott has been a ¦ model prisoner and has
; worked exceedingly hard for the- benefit of the
State. He is an expert stona mason and has
never shirked any work assigned to him daring
the last ten years. The board feels that for
j the services rendered en this occasion and bit
; good work In the past he is entitled to con
; stieratica and recommends him for pardon or
I sccusctatloo cf sentence.
Officials Draw Attention of Governor Pardee to Condition
of State's Penal Institutions, Which Are Declared to Be
Behind Timesand Mainly Responsible for Recent Affray
REPORT OF PRISON BOARD
REVIEWS FOLSOM OUTBREAK
THE SAST. FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
26
:';>: ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Liquozone— Yet We Give You a 50c Bottle Free.
This company, after testing Liquo- Liquozone does that. Oxygen is r^adruir— Droi»y Pleurisy— <jma«T
zone for two years in the most diffi- Nature's greatest tonic — the very Fkin^Dte^sea Tu£?r~£ics5
cult w germ diseases, paid §100.000 for SOU rce of vitality. *Its effects are ex- fSSSTl^}^ v^££ie Ulcei *
the "United States rights. That is by hiiarating — purifying. vitalizing. Tu«»t Troubles women's Diseases
{ MM riihM- S on PI any 'sdenfific d°s- Nothin * clsc in thc is ™ S°»*
c™ ery * for >^' But *% ms are vegetables, f&S&ttttS?Jgr£^
We publish this fact to show you ?. nd this excess of oxygen— the very i«r. accoTapiisw^ what no dru«s can do.
the value of Liquozone. The most J>/j «« " animal-13 deadly to vege- 50c Bottle Free.
worthless product may have great ia °'f rnatter. _. : j£ yo need u quozone< and bave
claims made about it, but men don't >ve spend tourteen days m making never tried it. please send us this cou-
pay a price like that save for a discov- each bottle of Liquozone; but the re- pon. We will then mail you an order
ery- of remarkable worth ; to humanity, suit is liquid oxygen— a product on your local druggist for a full-size
every bottle an offer of $1000 for a autnont y' the o%er. do . In JU st,ce to yourseh, please ac-
¦^SStfe^ft Th Ge T k Diseases - p^\is£^p5^
ever the cause of any germ disease. These are the known germ diseases. Liquozone costs 50c and $i.
And there is no other way to do it. ™' ™* 1 .medicine can do for these 1 I
Any drug that kills germs is a poison tf°ubles is to help Nature overcome CUT OUT THIS COUPON
to you, and it cannot be taken inter- the S crms « and s pch results are mdi- for t hu offer iaay not «»ear a^aia. nn
„,!,„ i; ni ,n7nnc alone can attarlc a rcct and uncertain., Liquozone kills eut u »* bUnks and mall it to Ui* Liquid
nally. Liquozone alone can attacK a , wherever thev are anH thl Oxone °°- = 21 -= ! > E - Kiazie St.. Chicago,
trouble that is caused by inside germs ine K erms ' wnerever tney are, and the
-and it cures diseases which medi- f« ults are mevitablc By destroying My di«a^ »*•.•¦•..••
•„„ «. v *r rnr^H the cause of the trouble it invanablv * ***• ney « r t^ed Uqnoxone. bot if you
cine never cured. ends the disease, and forever: - ""' fwU »« » Me botti. fm 1 w,u
Liquid Oxygen. . tak.it.
Liquozone IS simply liquid Oxygen >«thma Eczema— ErysipeUa '
'j , -iT^i • -. t. ¦ J ~Z_ Abscess — Anemia Fevers — Gall Stones
— no drugs, HO alcohol in It. It IS the Bronchitis Goitre— Gout .
discovery of Pauli, the great German Blood patson Gonorrhea— Gie«t
chemist, who spent twenty: years on i^, 1 TrSu^e.* "fd^nfy 6 w^SS,"" 1 " 514 ~;~'-'~~r-
it." His Object was to get such an ex- Coughs— Colds La Grippe 1 GITa "*" xidress— write plainly.
cess of oxygen in staple form into the gffiSSS uSSrS&to. Any physician or hospital not vet
blood that no germ could live in any ConstipaUon Maiaria-N«iraiKU nain» I innn»An^ kI? 1 J? y
membrane or tissue ' Catarrh— Cancer Many Heart TroabUs UStng Liquozone Will be • gladly SUp-
memDrane or USSUC Dysentery— Diarrhea Piles— PneumoaU plied for a test. *
AT1\J y n . H.TT fiT^TA
Beaatifnl Httle Alice \Viison,
: k^;T-'-'^^-^^^i vrhote picture accompanies this ar-
™©.T*?*j" r;i . : '•;> '?**Z%Z tide » w ? 5 F 01 ' 1^ dcaf * Her w"
.-*.? . " V " ; .' '¦*Tg5 were painful and discharged a foul-
i&£ •y'Z.':*: L. r^l-^'^-Jt smelling matter. She had catarrh
&m$t * ' -'Iv,;,';- >• ~'Sh very badly for one so young.
|Nv; /-z-~£&fL£*J-~** 7 ~~'*' '^11 Little Alice was afraid of doctors.
&$ '->^*^^0^?S^^^ •';--¦'' ¦>'<•¦¦" J J: A little playmate had been operated
" • :^ epoa for absccas of thc ear asd he
i-*%'^ 'Z'&i&F"'*' '''-'V'-^'v^SL' '"' > <i:c<3 ia the hospital; so Alice wss
* r »- Wilson, Alice's mother, had
%4§&- ~: ¦J'Q > "l£\ r^M heard that Electro-Chemistry cured
• '¦£'' ¦'¦> "¦'¦¦^*"*-'"l^* without operatior.s. and so Alice was
tik&tFBE&iti 'F-/ ~'-'-45% : i£L brought to tbe Electro-Chemic Insti-
E^?WSE&&*i^*}.*. K':^' J&Jfe. tute. A perfect cure !s tne result.
¦^23k^ : IJ^S»**<I^ She hcars Perfectly. This discharge
'¦''•?^^"B^^f^w^C^^ frcra the ears ii cured the catarrh is i
X z j£fr?r^2*?&^' 4 s[^ 4?M&fli&$% cured, and all has been accomplished
i0+££>' '^j^i\'^ '1<^^?&& in tvro niocths' treaanent. There
{TiSjffQfTMS* %l4% *&'% '?~"X-* ~£i has not been a rsinute'3 pain or saf«
V^^^"' : '''^\^ -^? r^— 1£& fericg. The little patient taproved
*Jiit-Ttf3xr t . .. I'-fV',-' ~tt ¦;.i.>'+-Kaa frora the very start and she is now a
little ALicr wtlsox tspPTt healthy and beautiful child.
ta Beseac *r»^ Cured c* D^rsieo. R=si=f rzother who has a sick child
E*n a=4 C*Urrt. (bzt nee(Jf sldllful pt \ n \ iss U^ t . !
xrest nay call oa Mrs. Wilsoo at jao ad are. (Richmond District), ;
Bin. Wilson will b< glad to tell any one interested just what Electro-
Chenistrr has dene for her little one.
Electro-Chenistry crrea the old as well ts the young of deafness and all
ear diseases. It cures cases that the older methods of treatment cannot
even help. Any one suffering fron deafness, head or ear noises, dis-
charging ears, are cordially invited to come to the Electro-Chemic Insti-
tute, xiS Grant ave^ and investigate this wonderful new and successful
treatment. A carefsl examination will be made, free of charge, and the
patient will be told just what can be expected from treatment. . When
jk. case it hopeless the sufferer will be told so, end there will be no expense
anvolTed.
The Electro-Chemic X-Ray.
The Elcctro-Cnrmic X-Ray cures CANCER, TUMORS, OLD
•SORES. LUPUS. ECZEMA, CONSUMPTION aad CATARRH of the
LUNGS, and it is the only treatment known to science that will cure
these diseases.
Every sufferer is welcome to call for free X-Ray Examination, and
to the skeptical we will give ample proof of the truth of the above claim.
Electro-Chemistry cures diseases of the STOMACH, LIVER, KID-
NEYS and BOWELS. The worst cases are quickly and permanently
cured. Cases which are usually made worse by medical treatments yield
promptly to Electro-Chemistry. Bring a small bottle of morning urine
for free examination,
SPECIAL DISEASES of WOMEN, the kind that usually send the
safferer to the surgeon, are cured by Electro-Chemistry painlessly. No
cutting, no dosing with powerful and poisonous medicines.
The Electro-Chemic treatment for women is absolutely devoid of all
objectionable features, and the most delicate, the most nervous women,
take the treatment with pleasure and delight, and they feel improvement
from the very first application. This is equally so in SPECIAL DIS-
EASES of MEN. In a short time we will publish the testimonial of an
eld man cured of prostatic trouble. This was a case which the surgeon
wanted to operate upon. The old man is so happy over the painless
Electro-Chemic cure that he wants to give us a public testimonial.
We will publish it just as soon as we can get up to it, but we wish
our patients to understand that our practice is sacredly confidential, and
no testimonial is published or asked for except with the free consent and
approval of the cured patient. Our office is arranged with private and
retired apartments for our male and female patients.
HOME TREATMENT.
We loan to outside patiests oar Electro-Cheinic apparatus for home treat-
ment free of charge. We advise all our cctside patients, when it can possibly
be done, to come to our ofr.ee for a thorough personal examination. In. most
• instances the patient can return home the same day, taking the necessary treat-
T-.K:t along. When it is irnt>oss:b!e to visit us, write a careful description of
principal symptoms and fall instructions will be promptly forwarded for home
examination and treatment.
FREE x ri£Zos|ELECTRO-CHEMIC
All cuSTewi who are tired cf txtlr.g I %\ OTITIITP
Kick, those who have worn out their I PJ \ I I ! r"
etorcacte ewsuiowiss -iruz?. those who lIlU I I I U I L
have found from bitter exp^rieac© that -•-w»««w«b»
the elder methods of treatment do not ,, n ..,,.- ¦urunr- nun mmm •>«•
help the=-all are Invited to come to us 118 GRANT AVENUE, COR. POST ST.
for free examination. We will explain | t««..«.^««
bow Electro-Chemistry acts. We will SAN FRANCISCO
c> menstrate how ar.<l why !t cures. Come
et ence, no matter what your Elcknefs Is. Office hours. 9 a. ra. to 5 p. m. and 7 to
«r.d no matter how lone you have been S p. m. dally. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p.
».'K..r.T how masy treatments you may m. Separate apartments for ladies and
fcave used without Ltir.g cured. gentlemen.
ADVEBTTSEMEirrS.
I Women who arc up-to-date dress; 1
1 ers are wearing |
| Tailor-Made Suits i
I made of English mixed tweeds. We I
I have them in ail the new colorings, i
1 with long silk lined coats and new |
| shaped skirts, correct in every par- |
| ticular at $18.50, $22.50, $25.00, §
I $30.00; saving you ten dollars on I
I retail cost elsewhere. '*£.«#!
I SEE O UR WIND O WS. I
1 I
S Wholesale Manufacturers p
I 1142-1146 MARKET ST. %
KiUTS.
1 , I Bca tvtUa 3ntsM*.
8979 « u uirtfl 0^t .^^^*^^^^^^^^^^m^^^^^0 ire hare 15 tfcx^ti !
colors. Tier fcave Jr', ' *^^— — ' n n p^^VTST^^^^^I^^BB^Bi^^BSlSi^^^^ ' Iy at tl 23. S^e- '
li&reat Silk Sale Begins To-Morrow
mures in 24 and 27 inch widths, and a good assortment ot colors. As we have stated bcfo "'- f p^ c " ° n
these goods range from 85c to $1.25 per s yard. To close them out. we will ma.<e the jg c
price of *"**
During this sale we will exhibit a line of Japanese Silks which have just been received from Japan,
and will place the two cases on sale at 25c a yard.
Immense Bargains Exceptional Opportunities
In Ready-to-Wear Garments In Dress Goods.
** . pirst .rioor.
Second Floor. . Everything offered is strictly new and the prices
We had the good fortune to pick up ft line of astonishingly low. We sponge and shrink free of
. ., ,_.. .. charee all dress goods you purchase of cs.
sample suits last week.. This means a great bar- «£^Surwhine^Alpacas, 58c a yard— Worth $1.00. It
gain in suits for you. They are very stylish suits, j 5 an extra h eav y iron frame weave, with a bright
matie with the capes over the shoulders, blouse s jiky surface. The width is 12 inches, and the
jacket and long coat effect' They are trimmed with colors new , W « ! -,8\ rnet < v !° JSSeVhS? *
fancy braid, the .skirt is made with 7 gores and full sale^to-morr'ow^. ?M 2S S8C
flare. Colors black, navy and brown. In the or- English Melton Cloth, 98c a yard— Worth $1.50. It
dinary course of business these suits would sell for j s a heaw twill back quality, with a r:ch panne
««a W, wiH p,ace .hem on $J4 g 0
to-morrow aL. <" . have M co , ors and black Th .; 5 cloth gg Q
Black Cheviot Dress Skirts, $4.00— Worth $6.00. goes on sale to-morrow at ..............
They are made of the best quality Cheviot, with Black Basket Etarrune, 63c a yard— \\ortn 5i.oo.
full 7-Kore flare, and trimmed with bands of This is a new fancy weave for Fall wear, and 15
peau de soie. We always considered them ex- the stylish coarse kind that sells everywhere,
ceptional values at their regular price, $6.00. The width is 42 inches, and the color is fast. Th:s
t . fabric sells everywhere at $1.00 a yard, fa O c
Flannel Waists, $1.55— Worth S^ 00 - J he y are ' Our price to-morrow will be w^
tucked front and back and have the full pouch A rouble Special— S1.25 and $1.50 Zibehnes and
sleeve. We have a full assortment of colors and Scotch Cheviots at 95c a yard. The Zibelnses are
sizes. This is a splendid bargain. ne r j c i 1> heavy kind, and the mirror finish. The
We have just received the latest novelties in Ox- cheviots are the new
ford and Silk Waists, and would be glad to show bright colored spo s The |ib«lin« are^o i-c^s
them to you any time you are in the store. Price's ™ dc , and . the tu? n ™~r£?*t 9dC
range from $3.00 to $15.00. be P laced on saIe tQ - morrow at
Neckwear Special. New Battenberg Braids aad Patftfns. Auto Bags.
¦ . . . Our Art Department has just We have a new lot of very
Among the other good things rcceived a shipment of Battenberg hand articI « to offer xt a bar .
that the fancy goods department Braids, in silk -and linen. Rings . . Of „„„. fV . stvIes
will offer this week is a lot of silk and lace thread. There is also a ,£""• °' " Y o« ,Wd
•rtock* new de.iens and new col- large assortment of Battenberg are the very latest. \o* should
stocks, new dengns and new coi PatternSf which include designs see them to appreciate them. They
or combinations. They are a reg- made by the be5t artists j n t h e ar e worth S1.75 each, but we can
ular 80c value, but we will >r^_ East. We suggest an early in- offer them to you this qw -7 jr
offer them this week at OOC spection. week at Ql,^€fWASHINGTON, Oct. 3.-The War De
partment has received a cablegram from
General Greely, chief signal officer of the
army, stating that the cable between
Sitka and Juneau, Alaska, was opened for
business tQ~&&y.7fjm$BSmSffi&>5m!ffi&m
Sitka-Juneau Cable Open.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 3.— Cosmo Morgan,
agent for the American Beet Sugar Com
pany, has received a telegram stating that
a difference of 20 cents had been made
between .cane and beet sugars, a drop of
10 cents for the beet product.. ,
This- is considered a shrewd move on
the part of , the sugar trust in Its endeavor
to promote the sale of beet sugar Jin this
section, where the ratio between the con
sumption of cane and beet sugar baa been
Oxnard Factories Raise Rates Above
Those in San Francisco • \
Territory.
PRICES OF BEET SUGAR
DIFFER ON THE COAST
EAKERSFIELD." Oct. . 3.-George C.
Scott, a mining man from Inyo County,
was killed yesterday at Mojave by being
thrown from the Keeler stage, which had
Just arrived.
Scott was a passenger and when the
stage reached the station he volunteered
to remain and assist a woman, who was
going to another point in town, with her
baggage. The horses became frightened
and ran away, colliding with a telegarph
pole. Scott was thrown out and fatally
injured. The other passengers escaped.'
MINING MAN IS KILLED
WHEN ASSISTING A WOMAN
The unexplained feature of the case Is
that only a difference of 15 cents has been
made in': the San Francisco territory, as
against 20 cents here, and the price of
beet sugar is no longer uniform over the
coast.
greater than twenty to one. The telegram
reads that the difference has been made
by the American Beet Sugar Company
(Oxnard factories), but the regulation is
actually made by the Western Refinery,
which controls the market.
The condition of affairs is outlined by
Vice President W. C. Brown of the Lake
Shore, who says that the company Is In
urgent need of 1500 boxcars dally. On
other systems, with a much greater mile
age than the Lake Shore, larger numbers
of cars are needed. for immediate use.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— The railroads of the
entire country are face to face with what
promises to be the greatest carishortage
In their history. Despite the fact that
most liberal orders for new equipment
have been given by all the roads during
the last twelve months they now find
themselves unable to accept' all the traffic
that is offered.
Companies Find Themselves Unable
to Accept All the Traffic That
Is' Offered.
GREATEST CAR SHORTAGE
IN RAILROAD HISTORY
Claim Sole Right to Use Label.
On complaint of Peck's Tourist Bureau
Company Judge Murasky yesterday is
sued an injunction restraining J. W.
.Leinmon &. Co., who conduct the Pioneer
Tourist Company, from using an oblong
b.iue Jabel for advertising purposes. It
Is claimed In the complaint that because
of its use by the defendants the bus!nc&3
•Ct the plaintiff corporation has been dam
cced to the extent cf $1000. The plaintiff
¦rer* thfct it has the sole right to use the
l«jl.f:I, having adopted it many years ago.
License Collections for September.
The license collections for September,
1903, were: General, $27,331; dog tags,
$506; duplicate tags, $42 50; street, $714 25;
badges, $19; total, $2S,672 75. The receipts
In September, 1902, were $26,651 a gain of
$202175.
¦WASHINGTON, Oct. 3.-Secretary of
the Treasury Shaw to-day Informed
George R. Carter, Secretary of the Terri
tory of Hawaii,, that he would accept
$1,229,000 of Hawaiian bonds as security
for deposits for circulation up to 90 per
cent of their face value. The Territory
proposes to issue $1,000,000 of bonds under
the organic act. They are to be 5 per
cent bonds* and can be called In In live
years. They are limited to fifteen years.
The bonds are to be exempt from taxa
tion in Hawaii and will be a charge on
the consolidated revenues of the Terri
tory. Secretary Carter stated to-day that
after the issuance of these bonds the
total^debt of the Territory will be less
than 2 per cent • of its taxable property
and less than the income of last year.
Secretary Shaw Informs George R.
' Carter of His Decision Regard
ing Proposed Issue.
WILL ACCEPT HAWAIIAN .
BONDS AS SECURITY
The Looker-on "department has plenty of good
cossip. and all the paper's comments on cur
rent news are bright, sharp and snappy, its
literary, dramatic, financial. Insurance auto
mobile and society departments are handled
by specialists. •
"Arty. King of the Newsboys," is the sub
ject of a most interesting nketch In the to
day's issue of the San Francisco News Letter.
There are two articles on Xaturc; one de-
Feribini? the hedge row. fruits and flowers of
England, the other, by Ben C. Truman de-
Fcrlbing the autumn birds and flowers of the
Elerras. Both are intensely Interesting
The News Letter ha* gone into the contest
for the Mayoralty of San Francisco with its
usual vigor, and in its articles it is giving
the public something to think about
To-Day's News Letter.
Should the city comply with this act
it is said other country towns could de
mand the same concession awarded
Cicero. This, the Aldermen say, would
be ruinous.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— Chicago's City Coun
cil is preparing to attack the validity of
the act creating Chicago's $40,000,000 drain
age canal. The Finance Committee of the
Council has formally advised Corporation
Counsel Tolman to bring an action in the
Supreme Court of the State next week.
A threatened depletion of the city's wa
ter fund, with a possible deficit is the
moving force behind the Aldermen and
the act of the last Legislature by which
the suburb of Cicero was added to the
sanitary district has caused the trouble.
By the provisions of tHat act Chicago
will be required to furnish the residents of
Cicero water at 4 cents per 1000 gallons,
while its own citizens pay 10 cents. Tho
Aldermen say it would mean the expendi
ture of $350,000 to extend the mains and
$100,000 to erect a new pumping station
and tbat water v/ould be supplied at less
than cost.
Validity of Statute Will Be Attacked
by Order of the City
Council.
DRAINAGE CANAL ACT
EXPENSIVE FOR CHICAGO
Conductor Wallis of the train wired to
the station master at Third and Town
send streets that the boy had left on
his train on Friday night and two men
had oicked him up and got him drunk.
Wallis suggested that the police be noti
fied, so Sergeant Gorman was on hand to
take charge of the boy.
Goldstein said he had $200 in his pock
ets when he left Los Aneeles, but when
searched at the City Prison he had only
$97 10. He had no idea what had become
of the balar.ee of his money. He said
he had a sister in Kansas City and was
on his way to pay her a visit. He claimed
he had a ticket through to Kansas City,
but it could not be found In his pockets.
Louis Goldstein, 15 years of age, who
says he is employed in a foundry in Los
Angeles, -was taken from the train that
arrived from that city yesterday after
noon by Sergeant Gorman and locked up
in the City Prison. The boy was consid
erably under the Influence of liquor and
will be detained till he sobers up and his
friends are communicated with.
Louis Goldstein From Los Angeles Is
Locked Up Till He Gets
Sober.
EOY TAKEN FROM TRAIN
IN DRUNKEN CONDITION
Grand President Charles Hahn, assisted
bVihe other officers of the Grand L»odge
of 'California, will install the recently
ejected officers for the following named
ioiigcs: San Francisco No. 1, E. V. Bajidel
No. 3. Eureka No. 6. Germania No. 7
and North Beach No. 3. This will be the
first time in the history of the order that
:i!l the officers have been installed at the
s-ame time and this unusual event has
aroused considerable interest In the mem
bership.
The committee in charge has made elab
orate arrangements for the occasion and
has prepared a programme of musical en
?{•rtaSnment and dancing, besides procur
l:.S a liberal quantity of refreshments to
be «ervcd during the evening- to the mem
bers and their many friends. The Her
tr.ann's Sons Saenger Bund will render vo
cal selections- during the evening.
This order has been making good pro
press during the last term and each lodge
has added, and is still adding to Its mem
bership and finances. The aggregate
fScmbership is now in excess of 2500 and
its accumulated reserve for the relief of
The tick and distressed la a little more
than S30.00P.
Tfie several lodges of the Order of Hor
tjiann's Sons located in thie city have de-
to have 'their officers for the en
suing term installed jointly in public on
Sunday, October 11. at 8:30 6'clock in Ein
trucht Hall on Twelfth street. Invitations
have been issued by the committee in
tbarge and It is expected that at least
1500 people will be present to witness the
.ceremony.
."ausual Event In a German Bene
ficial Society Programmed for
Sunday Evening Next.
¦ lEffiti ANN'S SONS OFFICERS
TO BE JOINTLY INSTALLED
Wong Chink, the alleged murderer of
Wong Yock Chung, who was arrested last
night, and three others were examined
at police headquarters to-day and the
facts learned, it is said, substantiate the
conspiracy theory. Police Officer Allen
brought to police headquarters to-day a
mail garment worn by Wong Chink when
he was arrested. It consists of a number
of thin steel plates, covered with silk
and held together with chains. Officer
Allen says the residents of Chinatown
state that the alleged murderer escaped
from San Francisco some years ago after
the murder of a Chinese in that city in
a manner similar to last night's affair
here. The police of San Francisco have
been asked by telegraph about the mat
ter and the Bertlllon measurements of the
suspect will be wired to the California
city for possible identification. ;
BOSTON." Oct.* 3.— After investigation
into tho murder of Wong Yock Chung and
the attempted murder of Ning Mung and
Yee Shoon Tong in Chinatown the police
are of the opinion that the Celestials may
be the victims of a conspiracy formulated
by highbinders as a result of the frequent
arrests of several Chinese lately for gamb
ling.
SAN FRANCISCO POLICE
ASKED ABOUT WONG CHINK
Alleged Boston Murderer Said to
Have Committed Similar Crime
Here Some Years Ago.
Governor Peabody to-day Instructed
Generals Bell and Chase, his representa
tives in the field, not to accept service on
any process, civil i or criminal.
In addition to the troubles in Cripple
Creek, mining has been almost entirely
suspended In the Telluride and Ophir dis
tricts, where about 1500 miners and mill
men were called out in order to enforce
the demand for an eight-hour day. There
have been no disturbances in those placet
and no troops # are stationed there. Hun
dreds of strikers have left the State,
seeking work elsawhere.
DENVER, Oct. 3.— Strikes and lockouts
at the mines in Cripple Creek and other
gold mining districts In Colorado have
already reduced the mineral production
of this State this year at least $2,500,000,
and If the present conditions obtain until
the end of- the year the production will
fall more than $6,000,000 below what It
would have been under normal conditions.
In consequence of the strike 1000 soldiers
of the Colorado National Guard have been
doing police duty in Cripple Creek for
four weeks and as yet neither the mine
owners nor the strikers show any evi
dence, of weakening. The cost to the
State of maintaining a military force in
the field Is estimated at $50,000 a month.
Governor James H. Peabody was made
the defendant to-day in two damage
suits in $100,000 each, filed by Patrick II.
Mullaney and Thomas Foster, union min
ers who were arrested by military of
ficers on duty in Cripple Creek, confined
in the guardhouse fifteen days and set
at liberty last Wednesday after habeas
corpus proceedings were ' instituted in"
their behalf. Adjutant General Sherman
Bell, Brigadier General John Chase and
Major Thomas E. McClelland also were
made defendants to the suits.
Miners Arrested by Soldiers
Bring Suit Against the
Governor.* v
Six Million Dollar De
crease in Mineral Pro
• duction.
COLORADO'S LOSS
THROUGH STRIKES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4. 1903.
There are six canals connected with the
Thames, which extend altogether 334 miles.
miles. ...
Who has I performed so . many wonderful ; cures
without medicine or Instruments, has returned
from the East and can be found dally from 10
to 4 o'clock at her magnificent office in the Ma
rlon building, 110 Geary at. Diagnoses free /or
the next two weeks. •
Dr. Nellie Beighle,
27
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prica Lists Mallei
on Application.
fBESH ASS SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFS * fft Shipping Butchers. 104
JHJ. UU1EJ U Vv. Clay. TeL Mala 1234.
OUS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ETXI3.
413 Front »t.. S. F. Phono Main 171*.
PBX2TTX2TG.
E. C. HUGHES, , . «i JS2SL a «.
PBAGEBS | PBAGEBS | PBAGEBS J PBAGEBS
Green- Trading Stamps Given With All Purchases
Great Glove and Novel Ideas m
Ribbon Specials liLjif ) Dress Trimming
hands, ma C de of the^best quality |i| ACWAYS KE/ILI A.O1/E I2^c to ?3.?5 each— Silk
of all pure silk fancy ribbons in ili 4*^*1 1Cbt*n%JB A "ffVfffHT^ C&V* n .^r* dro P 3 in black - whitc and alI . c ° l *
Dresden, polka dot. cauze and ¥ffl> 1J?3fv* r 1 250 MARKET ST C °M° m^ ors; all the latest pattern; and de-
satin stripe; valued to Si.iQ, each. FTtW«JW -. iwv^ orM%»av« .y«. .,-;, sJgns ¦
One-Half Price* ' One-Half Price*
• Unprecedented Sale of Women's
Suits, Coats, Waists, Skirts and Petticoats.
Surplus StocK of a Leading New YorK Manufacturer Bought at One-Half Regular Price.
THIS wonderful bargain sale has resolved itself into what we said it would — the greatest money-saving one ever conducted in San
Francisco. Prices are one-half their regular selling values, and each garment is this autumn's newest style. The entire stock was the sur-
plus of one of the leading cloak and suit manufacturers in this country. . We were particularly fortunate in securing it and had no hesitancy
in making this offer to our customers at the earliest possible opportunity. , . "
Last Friday and Saturday we began this sale, and from early morning until closing time this section was crowded with anxious buyers.
Surprise was expressed on every side at the remarkably high quality of goods and the very low prices that prevail throughout this sale. The
enthusiasm of the buyers was unbounded. There is a magnificent assortment still on our counters and in our racks, and to-morrow (Monday)
we expect even greater returns than on the opening days.
— About 50 suits made of this season's choicest mix- $3.95 — We have about 73 coats in this lot. Thev are of
tures, also of plain materials; a variety of styles. These suits are worth kersey, 27 inches lone; strictly all wool and are in the latest shades of tan
$1500. ' and castor. Worth $8.50.
#0.05—65 suits, made of choice fancy suitings and plain » 4 Q ~ A]] , fc ..... ,- : nc i. M t nno .. new «tvle trim-
%r4.<.>r>—ln this lot we have about ioo suits. Some are the aI1 wo J th * IOO °-
handsomest styles ever made; the coats are long, medium and short effects $.">.fK» — About i2S coats in this lot and they are in all styles
with all styles of skirts. We doubt if they will last the day. as thev are Among them is a swell box coat made of medium-weight kersey; double
among the choicest of the surplus stock. These suits. have sold for $30.00 breasted: coat collar: turn-back cuffs: all sizes and colors. These are the
Jjti'T.uO' — This lot comprises about 40 suits made of fancy mix- greatest bargains ever given by any house. Worth $12.50.
tures, voiles, cheviots etc. Many are fancy trimmed and are suitable for $G.05_Many pretty styles in this lot; made of kerseys.
all occasions. All colors and sizes. Worth $35.00. covert et exce J tional value . W orth $13.50.
.>!!>.«.» — About 60 suits in this lot and every one a gem.- «»- -ah 1 • i.- t T *u 1 * *
Many of these have silk drop skirts. Thev consist of every known color J?».Oo— All stvles in this lot of 75 coats; many the latest cor-
and style. Regular $37.50 values, the greatest ever offered. set coats ' *» the wanted colors and every size.
$2tt.4r> — 50 suits of the handsomest creations and are most . $14.05 — Every known style in this lot; some of the swell-
beautifully tailored. They will not last the day at this price. Worth est of the season; all lengths, sizes and colors; they measure up to 45
$45.00. • inches long. Regular $22.50 values.
Complete Stock of the Newest Fall! Free-Hat Trimming.
«b^ . • Monday Only.
l!OmeSt>lCS> a LL hats with materials bought* in this Depart-
ECONOMY is assured on all purchases made in this department. f\ meilt* Will be Lrimmed free Of charge t*O-
We are in a splendid position to buy at the best advantage, and JL flk. morrow THiq will hc» a hi? cm/me" and it
we can afford to be very liberal with our values. On Mon- mOITOW. 1 niS WU1 De a Dig SGVing ana IS
day we inaugurate a sale of domestics that means a great deal in the an exceptionally liberal Oner. We CaTTy lUll lUieS
way of big values at little prices. o f q\\ the newest* shapes in hat»s and all tJxe latest*
New Flannels. effects il\ COlorhlgS.
li>c a yard— Good flannel in new and pretty styles; suitable for fkl^«.. A a. Ca_,|..
kimonas. wrappers, house dress, etc. _ FlCW i^Utlililll OiyieS.
15c a yard — New satin striped waistings; neat dots and small ng- 1 t w —
ures; extra value. %*\ *lO large line of untrimmed velvet shapes; all the latest
25c a yard — Oxfords, the latest material this fall; neat small figured; •p*J«vfVf fall styles. Some are the popular pok« shapes, large
white ground. : Gainsboroughs, turbans, bonnets. All are made of the best Paon
45c a yard — Fancy striped pretty wool waistings; all colors. Reg- velvet and have facings of folded chiffon, soft Panne silk or fitted
ular 60c quality. plainly in the velvet. Special for to-day only.
8 1-IJc a yard — 100 pieces pretty striped tennis flannel; heavy &»m £?/y Black braid and velvet turbans, trimmed with jet orna-
grade; for nightgowns, shirts, skirts, etc. Worth ioc a yard. , 4***.Dl/ ments, ostrich pompon. Very pretty.
N/intrinc . <£ff flfl A black Paon velvet hat with shirred facing of black
napKins. •PJ'WU 5i ] k It has. a long ostrich plume and soft knots of
50c a dozen — Heavv bleached damask napkins; hemmed ready for black ribbon complete the trimming,
use. »^— —^ — — — — — »^ — — m^—
25c a yard — Table damask to match napkins; 60 inches wide. <^— 1»^ — — — — — — — —^ — — — — —
S 1.3c-Worth ioc. 12j/ 2 c-Worth 15c. „ * > All INeW I 1 till f (iDFlCS.
lOc Wnrtli i^>i/r Hi 2-itc Worth -»Oc _ T"I I ZH .
worth i./ 3 c 2oc_woTth 25c Fashion's Colors.
25c each— 60 dozen Turkish towels; extra large size; double #-« jjE excellent values that are being offered on all the dress
threaded; for the bath. Worth 35c each. | goods and silks of this department have been a source of keen
satisfaction to every one. The crowds that willingly respond
* • U ' to our bargains show that. To-morrow and during this week we
# * ' will make specials that will be extraordinarily attractive to those
WOIlieil $ W lf\6Slt SaOSSerV SRC! who are P re P arin S their gowns for the fall and winter months.
* Dress Goods.
Undprwear Buxk.
**** AA'Vl^JI VV vUa •
• ; . ; 35c a yard — 45-inch mohair serge; resists the dust and pleats
DON'T delay purchasing underwear for the autumn and winter nicely. The regular 50c quajity.
months.- The cold weather will soon be upon us, and it is 50c a yard— 45-inch Mohair, with assorted figures in relief,
provident to be well supplied with the proper undergarments Thi s material is becoming very popular. Worth $1.00 a yard,
before it is too late. At the following prices they are rare bargains: $1.00 a yard— 50-inch black cloth, soft finish. Just the ma-
Hosiery, terial for a swell coat suit. A regular $1.25 value.
25e a pair — Women's fine lisle hose in six new lace p'atterns. Coloreo.
Double sole, heel'and toe. Fast black. • 50c a yard— 38-inch colored albatross: extra heavy weave;
35c a pair— Fine gauge Sea Island cotton; high spliced heel, Street and evening shades. Usually sells at 75c. V.- ' -
double sole and toe. Fast black. Ask for the Wayne knit and we 75c a yard— 52-inch colored ?Venetian cloth for skirts and
guarantee satisfaction. • suits. Always sells at $1.00 a yard.
J^l.OO — Imported Swiss merino vest; high neck and long ' -^ • !_• X* ' mi • «
sleeves, neck and down front finished with hand crochet trimming. FlinftlSOKlSS *OI* 0l\06 v^PGCiOlS*
Vl.15— M erode ' combination suit of fine pela cotton; high m» • T 1 H 5J >u^ ncs^ of this . de "
neck and long sleeves and ankle length. Good quality. MCI!. 1 P«tment shows wonder-
35c— Maco cotton vests and French band pants. Full finish v , t: ful growth during the last
seams and extra quality. Never sold for less than 50c a garment. TT VERYTHING in the way of few months. We carry one of
1^ up-to-date sox, shirts, sus- the very best stocks of mode-
T etc.at the most pop- rate price shoes of the city. We
— — — — — ««— ¦—^ . jj^jj. prices can b e had at this store. will make bargain specials.
Xtrsx* Maw' Sox. $3.50_Men's heavy velour or
rOfl m€I&. . 7c a pair— Seamless sox: black box calf lace shoes; good straight
.••';>" 5nd brown: double heels and last; heavy extension soles:
QllltC C^WVrnat* anrf W>QtQ toes: fast colors; all sizes. Goodyear welt. Just the thing
juiis, vvcrcuat^ anq vests. 12^ c a pa i r _ Fine Merino ior ™<* j*« the j- \ ;
;^ ; ,' == ' • — ert-v c#»nml«»cc Amihle h#>e1« and Jjl*-""' — A fine felt Romeo;
UR new fall clothing. is in and very low prices have been «*• seaniI « s - « ou b J^'. 1 s " d flannel lined; flexible leather sole.
II marked on every garment. There is an immense variety of ,the |° e »: bluVand camel's nai'r 20c low heels. Men's foot warmers
newest cloths and colorings, and -all are guaranteed satisfac- black, blue and camel s nair. 20c _ nne for cold weather,
tion in it. We have expert fitters on duty all the time. 1 vaiues - '
Suits.
Sj>0.S5 — Navy blue serge suit; warranted 'fast color. Heavv . «**«¥ •£*%*¦% I&J^mre
weight, good Italian linings and made up in first-class style. . V/IOifllllK lOl JDOVS.
«O.S5_Good quality black Clay worsted sack suit. Warranted *^ sc
fast color Fine linings and trimmings. Well worth $12.00. TP HERE is no trouble to find just what you want to complete
$ll.OO— Suits of all pure worsteds in the newest fall colorings; 1 the outfitting of the youngsters in this department. Only the
also plain blues, blacks and grays. Tailored in the best possible mbst serviceable and best made garments are kept in stock.
manner, with hair cloth fronts and shrunk canvas interlinings so The prices are extremely moderate.
that they will retain their shapes. ¦.":, . "7* - ." Suits.
'#15.00— Hand tailored homespuns, also a big variety of fancy $4.95— Jacket, vest and knee trousers, made of all-wool fancy chev-
cheviots and black unfinished worsteds in single and double-breast- j ots . aKes I0 to ,5 vears . Regular $550 values.
ed styles. All tailored in first-class style and finished with the best $4.95— Lone pants suits: ages 12 to 19 years. You pay from $6.00
serge linings. to $7.00 elsewhere.
Overcoats. Trousers.
99.OO— An extra special in Oxford overcoats, cut 48 inches long. 50c— Corduroy knee trousers in brown and gray; the same as you
Good Italian linings; full and loose. A good value at 12.00. generally pay 75c for.
AI>\1 vJfh-An.njvi giyrff
FROM TWO TO EIGHT INCHES.
Our Free Book Tells You How— This Startling Dis-
• •; covery Will Revolutionize the Physical Con-
dition of Man and Woman— Every Man,
: ¦ Woman and Child Who Is Short
• . Should Write To-Day.
Success Absolutely Guaranteed/ Distance No Barrier— No Matter
How Short Yon Are or What Your Age We Can
Increase Your Height, • ,1
Yon Will Be Amazed at the Information Contained in Our Mar-
• - • i velous Book— A Postal Card Will Briny It.
aP TOU ARE SHORT YOU LOOK
IKE THIS WHEN WALKING WITH
NY ONE OF THE AVERAGE
EIGHT.
Of the many new discoveries none has
ttracted so much attention in the sclen-
iic world as that made by K. Leo Minges
f Rochester. N. Y. Mr. Minges is to
iort men and women what the great
izard, Edison, Is to electricity. He has
rmonstrated beyond any question or
3ubt that he has gathered more infor-
:ation relative to bone, muscle and sinew
inn any one else in existence. Mr.
[ir.ges is very modest In his claims. He
as the interest of the general public at
••art, and every short man or woman
uiy write him in the fullest confidence,
Dd they may rest assured that the con-
dence Dlaced In him will be kept so
lopely that his most intimate friends will
.npw nothing of it. Making people grow
ill has been a hobby with Mr. Minges
;r years, and the results he has accom-
!;?hcd are startling to a high degree.
Mr Minns has bppn emnloved bv this
institution at a great expense, and be is
at the service of our patients and stu-
dents without charge. Our methods and
appliances are fully protected by patents,
and we will vijrorously prosecute any in-
fringement thereon. By this method
every man or woman not over 50 years
of aire can be made to grow from two to
eight Inches. TEis system Is highly in-
dorsed by the leading: physicians of the"
land. Several prominent Institutions of
learning have adopted this system for the
physical development of their students.
Our free book tells the interesting story
of how Mr. Minges made h}9 remarkable
discovery. Would you like to increase
your height from two to eight inches?
If so. you should read this remarkable
book. Failure is absolutely Impossible.
Let us send you the absolute proof of
this statement. Remember, a postal card
will bring it. You are not asked to spend
a single cent with us In order to get this
Information. Write to-day artfl you will
receive the free book and full Informa-
tion to-morrow. When you write be sure
to state your exact height and weight, as
well as tho date of your birth; also give
full Information relative to your physical
condition, and we will outline a method
of treatment for you and tell "you Just
what you may expect If you decide to
place your case in our hands. We give
; j you all this information absolutely free,
i If you desire it, we can send you the
I statements of hundreds who have grown
from two to eight inches in height by fol-
lowing our methods. The results are
i quickly accomplished. Some grow an Inch
J the first week. We have many students
| and patients who have grown as much as
; three inches in two months. The results
[ are accomplished without any inconven-
; lence to you whatever. The treatment
• can be sent to any part of the world and
you can take it without the knowledge
• of your most Intimate friends. Our free
book and letters will be sent in plain
t envelopes, if you prefer It. The book also
; contains illustrations which will interest
t any one. Ten thousand of these remark-
, j able books will be given away absolutely
¦ j free, postage prepaid, as long as the pres-
>j ent edition lasts. All we ask in return for
| this is that you allow some friend whom
' I you think would like to Increase his height
i j to read it. If you want a free copy write
to-day. Address CARTILAGE TREAT-
MENT CO.. Dept. 546, Rochester, N. Y.,
i U. S. A.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/^WEAK MEN
k «fc 1 MADE S TRONQ
/ 7 *~' *2| Contracted Ailments Cured Qnickly.
?! \y?5K!r • y I have cured more men than any other physician on
CeIh&%» fr thp coapt - My treatments are more rational, more
*-te^k& I modern and more effective than any other physician
ra/y 1^?- I practicing in the West. My treatment gives vim. vigor,
Ktf&iMf y\ vitality, strength and ambition to weak and despond-
3 ym l fZ%&£ l\ pnt rnen. young or old, married or single, regardless of
< V&SF*^-**^ I \ the cause of their trouble. I master wasting weakness,
J^j / j / * etc., quickly and permanently.
* \ «sl / \ I Alert filTf* Special Dieeas:s> Including Contagious
k /fca / \ 1 AIM! WU1C Blxxi Poison, Strlctu -c. Verlcccelc.
I DR. HOLSMAN." Hydrrcele, Rupiure, Piles. Diseases of the Kidneys,
" The Master Special- Bladder, ttc.
{ . U My home cure system is marvelously successful. If
More than 16 years' 5* ou cannot visit San Francisco write me> In confidence
! Success Consulta- an(1 * w111 send >' ou . sealed, by mail, a booklet which
» tion Free at Office contains a treatise on all diseases and ' weaknesses of
or by Mall. men. and a great deal of other valuable Information.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
729 Market Street, S.F ? (TopFlwr),. l< §p^ 8 t 6 d^-Baldwin & Howell report the following
recrnt ?ale?:
For F E Baker, two two-story frame build
ings with lot 51:Sxl20. on the north side of
a iT y * tr £\ hetwetn Octavia and Laguna, to
rd Flah<?rt >'- $11,000; vacant lot 50x
]_«:fe^4 on south side of Jackson street 127-6
feet east of Octavia. for account of j' Gold
berg, for $10,250; for H. Fei B e. a new build
ing of six flats of four rooms each, on tha
past fiice of Pan Jose avenue, between Twentv.
lot .)0x90 feet, for $15,000; for the San Diego
•Saving* Bank, lot fronting 275 feet on the ea*t '
side, of Potrero avenue, between Twenty-fourth
and TwMity-fiith streets, irregular in depth.
for $10,000; for Mrs. E. Rohlffs. lot 50x75 on
the cast side of Mission Ftreet, between Elev
enth and Twelfth, with improvements consist
ing of three store* and three flats, for $13,350;
lot 22:0x75. on the north- side of Nineteenth
street. SO feet west of Castro, with a new
two-story residence, sold for account of M
Sanders, for $4750; lot 100x100 on the weft side
of Hampshire street, between Twenty-fourth
and Twenty-fifth street*, a portion of which is
Improved with a 'two-story frame building of
eight rooms, to John McGrath. by M. Fragley,
for $4350: lot 25x100. northwest corner of
Eighteenth and Mississippi streets for Sarah
Athcroft. for $1400; two-Ftory building \con
tainlng two flats of five and six rooms and
r>ath. with lot 25x75. on the southeast side of
Perry street, northeant from Third sold to
River* Brothers for $3500.
Also In the Parnassus Heights and Sunset
district*, lots to Mrs. A. O'Nell. George Thorn
ton. F. W. Dwyer. J Leider. Mm. Rosa Spen
cer. A. Cohen, G. Coney, D. Days, K. Raymond.
¦¦ follows: Lot 25x120 on the west elde of
Twentieth «venue. 125 feet south of H street,
$350; lot 25x100 on the west eide of Seven
teenth avenue. 75 feet north of I street $900:
lot 25x100 on the south line of II street 62:6
west of Ninth avenue. $1500; lot 25x120 on the
west elds of Twentieth avenue. 275 feet south
of H etreet. $300; lot 25x120 on the west side
of Twentieth avenue. 175 feet north of I
street. (900; lot 25x120 on the east side of
Kineteeatn avenue. 175 feet north of I street,
$1100; lot 25x100 on the west side of Twentieth
avenue, 75 feet north of I street. $850; lot
60x120 on the west side of Twentieth avenue,
175 fe«t south of II «treet, $1900; lot 25x120
IN MANY DISTRICTS.
Considering the Influence of the h!ch price
" "of labor and moierlal en the real estate mar
ket, this is a *¦- -j showing and is tha highest
monthly total s:r.co May last. The principal
increase octurn-J la the lOo vara and Western
Addition sections. The dem&sd fcr fine resi
dences in the best portions ol the Western Ad
dition is noticeably heavier, and seema to be a
- marked icrr.e.- i for residences and not for lots
on which to bulid residences. The cost of
erecting residences has deterred even well T to-do
' people from enttrir.g into contracts for their
'erection. In the 100-vara section there 1& an
Increased cc — urd for large warehouse sites
ca the lines of the Southern Pacific llallroad
or the Santa Fe. Many of our larga wholesale
houses are endeavoring to concentrate from
ifaree or four warehouses in various parts of
ibe city to cne larg^ rite on the railroad tracks.
The entrance of the Santa Fe into tha.t portion
of the lw-vara district "south of Channel
ttreet and the application of the Western Pa
cific Railroad for a franchise to do the same
thing, has opened up a considerable area of
thU warehouse property. The figures for tha
other section of the city are up to or exceed
the average for ths past few months. As
every one acquainted with the situation
knows, there has be<n very heavy buying of
real estate in this city for the past two and a
half to three years: heavier than ever before in
our history. Prices advanced steadily, bat thw
buying continued, and net until most of the
available property v.as either bought or placed
by prevailing conditions to a price which buy
ers thought excessive, did the heavy buying
rartially ceese. The salable properties left In
the market are very largely tho&e piece* on
which the buyer rr.uf-t at once erect a modern
structure If he wishes to tet an adequate re
turn on his Investment. The nearly prohibitive
price of building, end the uncertainty attend
ing erection of buildings, have held these buy
ers back and prevented a very large number
of rales of business rroperties. The real estate
-. market has been a good one in *plte of all this
trouble.
SAMPLE TRANSACTIONS.
A. Aror.son. Louis Metzger ar.d Louis
Schoenberp have sold the northwest cor
' ner of Sixth and Jessie streets. 75xS5 feet,
for J175,OOO. The purchaser is not named.
Mrs. Irene Gordon has bought, through
• the agency of Speck & Co.. the south
eait corner of /Third and Harrison streets,
Z.ox77:6 feet, with old improvements con-
Fisting of two buildings, and has paid
133.000. The sellers are J. S. Hamilton.
Matilda S. Mesner, the Adams Company
and P. Marsicano.
Thr following sales are reported by
Sonntag Rrcs. :
Lot 25x1 06 feet end three fiats on the east
*.ce of Star.yan street. 50 feet south of Fred
erick, from C C. Murray to Charles Miller for
*:3.jOO; lot r.5xld> feet and improvements on
tb« eaft eide of Lyon street. 137 :<3 south of
<;:e*nwich. from Olto Operinjr to J. S Fitch
frr S7.X0O: let 5L*xl<"0 feet and two houses en
th» southeast corner cf Liberty and Guerrero
streets, ftxm C. E. M'llan to Henry Summers
for $7000.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing recent sales:
F. Kayser, house and lot on the north line of
•Kddy ttreet. 25 feet west of Stelner. lot 25x100
fe«t. No. 1602. fcr $4100; for F. Breslln et aU
. let and improvements on the northwest line of
a*orr;s aver.ue. also lot and improvements on
th- southwest line of Morris avenue, near Har
rison street. x o s. 33-35 and 31-S6 Improvement*
fix flats, trice $7000; for Daniel Foley. Nos.
1414-14J6 Harrison ttrett. northwest line, 10a
feet southwest of Tenth street, lot 27-3x137-6
feet, fix flats, rricf $CftO0; for D. Cramer four
flats, Nos. 14-14^ Ritch street, southwest line
100 feet southwest of Folsom street, 25xS0 feet,
for J5CC0.
Sol Getz & Sen report sales as follows:
Lots 25x100 on the south line of I street,
•>. :6 fe«t we5t of Fcrty-seventh avenue, to A.
VT. Best; 70x120 en the west line of Twenty
t-lxth avenue. 125 feet north of A street to
P. M. Edmiiurter for $700; 25x120 on the 'east
line of Forty-ninth avenue, 137:6 feet south
of K street, to Pauline Fass; 2Cxl20 on the
north line of Califcraia Ptr^et, 107 feet west of
K1grit»emh avenue, to W. A. Mertea for $tiOO
2T.X12O on the west line of Forty-seventh ave'
rue. 200 feet north of I street, to G. J. Snow
2.*.>;12fi on the east line of Forty-eighth avenue'
2.5 feet north of I street, to liosa Frits- C0xl"0
on tfc<? west line of Forty-second avenue Jim
fe-t south of Q street, to Martha E. Shi'rran
for *200. '
There was an Increase in the amount
of local sales cf realty during the month
of September, as compared with the trans
actions of August, of $700,000. Magee &
Soc« in their Real Estate Circular say
tliat the sales In September numbered 429
and' the total vulue was 53,829,105. In re
viewing the general situation the Circular
says:
On Wednesday, October 28, Madison &
Burke will sell at auction four pieces of
the estate of S. M. Locke, the sale taking
place at 30 Montgomery street. The of
ferings include the following:
Properties on the north line of Eddy street,
206:3 west of Mason, a block and a half from
Market, 68:9x137:6, covered by old buildings
which rent for $355 a month; on the northwest
line of Market street, adjoining tha east cor
ner of Mason, Turk and Market, fronting
F. B. Surrhyne will auction real estate
to-morrow at noon at 188 Montgomery
street. The offerings will include the fol
lowing mentioned properties:
No. C06 Guerrero street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, lot S3xl00 feet and two-story
house: No. 927 Union street, between Taylor
end Jones, lot 27:6x120 feet and two-story
house of ten rooms; Nos. 371 and 373 Haight
Etreet, between Buchanan and Webster, lot
25x120 feet and three-story building; Nos. 2740
and 2742 Filbert stret, between Broderlck and
Bakrr. lot 27x107:6 feet and two flats renting
for $52 50: southeast corner of Howard and
Twenty-first streets, lot 21x122 feet and two
story brick building with stores and hall, rent
ing for $99 00 per month; Nog, 2503-5- 5 Vj
Howard street, lot 25x137:6 feet. Irregular, and
three flats renting for $32 per month each; No.
2507 Howard street, lot 25x112:6 feet and
th:«t-fctr-ry Inyv.tdow hcu*e c" ten rooms,
Nos. 723-4 Shotwell street, between Twenty
firet and Twenty-second streets, lot 88x122:6
feet and two-story house renting for $53 per
month; No. 736 Ehotwell street, • adjoining the
previously mentioned offering, lot 27:6x122:6
feet, with cottage of eight rooms; No. 73S
Bhotwell street, lot 24x122:0 feet and cottage;
No. 1821 Clay street, between Jones and Leav
enworth streets, lot 27:6x114 feet and two
etory house; ten building lots on Army etreet,
wast from Church; street macadamized.
THE AUCTION MARKET.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold to
Frederick K. Houston the premises Nos.
1103 and 1105 Sutter street, being: on the
south side next to the corner of Larkin.
The lot Is 45 feet front by 70 ¦ feet deep
and -has on it one two-story building and
one three-story building, renting for a
total of $112 BO per month. Mrs. N. Meyer
feld. wife of Morris Meye-rfeld of the Or
pheum, is the seller. The price at which
this has changed hands Is close to $25,000.
The same firm has sold to Mrs. Annie
Rucker. sister of Judge J. F. Sullivan,
the residence lot on the west side of
Gough street, 137:6 feet north of Broad
way, thence northerly 27:6 feet, by a uni
form depth westerly of 110 feet. Mrs.
Rucker intends to build a two-story res
idence on this lot.. This is the second
sale made by Thomas Magee & Sons for
Horace Davis out of the 50-vara on the
southwest corner of Gough and Vallejo
streets. Mr. Davis' residence adjoins this
50-vara and he purchased the entire tract
through the same firm from Mrs. Mary
A. Raimond, to offer in subdivisions, in
order to Insure having first-class resi
dences built. ¦': . ,;
The Bonestell residence with about ten acres
of ground near San Mateo. for S13.0C0; In Saa
Mateo Park lot 3S. tp Thomas W. Butcher, for
$1600; lot No. IS to Dr. W. L. Norris for
$1600. and lot No. 11 to T. J. Gulnn for $1500;
In the Western Addition to San Mateo, lots
6 7. 13 and 14, In block 54, purchased by A.
Pllcardo. F. Ramos and V. Munklttrick.
on the west Bide of Nineteenth avenue, 275
feet north of I etreet, $1150; lot 37:6x100 on
the west !=ide of Twentieth avenue. 37:6 feet
north of I street. $1300; lot 60x120 on tha
east 6lde of. Twenty-first avenue. 150 feet aouth
of H street. $1800; lot 20x120 on the east side
of Twenty-first avenue, 100 feet south of H
street. $950. residence and lot CSxlCO' at tha
southwest corner of M street and Ninth ave
nue. $2300. In Parnassus Heights sales have
been made to Mrs. I. Fraser of the lot 50x95
feet on the northwest corner of Fourth avenua
and Hupo street, for $3300; also lot 25x05
feet on the northwest corner of Fifth avenua
and Hugo street, for J22C0.
Burnham & Marsh Company. report the
pale of twenty-six acres near Kovato,
Marin County, for M. Goldwater to W. P.
Button for $1500; also twenty-three and a
half acres near Warm Springs, Alameda
County, for Mrs. Chlrlra to John Hill for
$2750.
Baldwin & Howell have made the fol
lowing sales at San Mateo:
Up to four months ago Boose was a
member of the Ninth United States Cav
alry. After his discharge he went to work
In the Fulton Iron Works, and about tho
Fame time become acquainted with Sophie
Irvir.gr, who lived at 2740 Green street,
where she took In soldiers' washing 1 .
Boose was inordinately Jealous, and when
Sophie refused to marry him be threat
ened more than once, to take her life.
Mrs. Annie McCord, the colored landlady,
objected to Sophie receiving: male visitors
and ordered her to leave. Sophie .accord
ingly secured rooms at 2730 Greenwich
street, and about noon yesterday Boose
left the Fulton Iron Works to assist her
in removiriE her household goods. After
the articles had been installed In the new
lodglngrs Boose and the woman had a
quarrel. He drew a revolver and she ran
away from him. into a vacant lot in the
rear of 2730 Green street. He followed
and fired two shots at her, then placing
the muzzle of the revolver against his
right temple he sent a bullet into his brain
and fell dead.
The woman was taken to the Presidio
Hospital and a slight flesh wound In the
left shoulder was found.
Boose left the following note:
Sophie Irvinsr Is my love. She want to
marry. She say sh« has come to a eon
clusen that that she xvold not marry ma and
1 Fade the ¦will not marry any one fits, bo 1
told hear that wold cos« my death, sum time
ago 1 told hear she could not have one but
me and if 1 did not «ret her no one elts wold
iret hear, eo 1 dide for hear and carry hear
with me. so If the world want to tell my
mother Mary Booth, she live in Rodney, Ohio.
l?jry me with hear side by side, my trunk
is at 21-5 Lombard st. last nlg-ht 1 told hear
at 12 p. m. I v.'old die on her acount. Good
By every boathy. this from hear and me. 20
ralnlts to 1 a. ¦ m. now. My name Is J. B.
Boose. Rodney. Ohio.
Mad with rage because of the refusal
of Sophie IrR'ln, a buxom colored girl,
to rfiarry him, J. B. Boose, a former sol
dier, also colored, tried to murder her yes
terday afternoon and then committed sui
cide.
Discharged Trooper, Enraged
on Being Rejected Com
mits Suicide.
,
•Experts Regard Situation
as Containing Good
Prospects.
September Sales Record
Surpasses August
by $700,000.
REALTY MARKET
SHOWS ADVANCE
Tries First to Murder His
Sweetheart, » but
Fails.
JEALOUS NEGRO
KILLS HIMSELF
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
Linemen's Strike Settled.
The linemen's strike came to an •«,»
last night, when a committee of the union
waited upon President John Sabin of th«
telephone company, and after a short
conference terms were drawn up and th\»
men agreed to return to work on Mon
day. Concessions were made. by. both
sidea, and the terms were- satisf actoo^ w
both employers and. employ «^
Oacar Heyman will build cottaees an ?>,«.
west line of Fifth avenue south from c a ?<
fornia S tr CP t on the west line o
avenue south from Twenty-second street
and on the w es t line of Potrero avenue
north from Twenty-second street nu< *
tinue the same to the Forty-ninth .vm,,.
boulevard and thence south a, ta.r », a?
street. The United Railroads his hid -u^
veyors in the field preparatory^ to lower"
ing the car tracks on H itrwt between
Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth averTue S
Henry E. Bothin ha. leased to lSSs
Audet the new building on the southed
corner of Polk and Jackson street, for
SSnTSSbof 116 total rental for «™
The Spring Valley Water Company has
laid f the ywatar. mains as ;far as . Forty
seventh • a venue and H street, in front of
Sol Gets & Sons' blocks, and will con-
Since the United Railroads has put on
the through cars from Fifth and Market
streets to San Mateo travel has Increased
and it has-been necessary to run the cars
every fifteen mirutes on Sundays. Con
tracts have been let by Baldwin & Howell
for the oillnc of about 6000 feet frontage
for avenues in San Mateo Park, and plans
and specifications for a sewer system em
bracing San Mateo .Park and a portion
of Burlingame Park and townslte have
been completed and bid3 are now being
advertised ; for the work, which will in
volve an expenditure- of somewhere be
tween $15,000 and $30,000.
The Oceanside Improvement Club has
appointed a committee to ask the Beard
of Public "WorKS. to establish street signs
on the - more important corners in the
Oceanside district and to grade and ma
cadamize Forty-ninth avenue between J
and K streets..
79:10x81 f««t on the north lln© of Fulton
street, 78 feet east from Webster atreet. with
four cottages, for $10,500.
Wednesday properties at prices mentioned
herewith:
No. 1420 California street, old. dwelling with
lot 30x137:6 feet, for $8100; > Nos.- 47 and 4'J
Langton street, two flat* and lot 25x80 feet,
for. $2500; »- Nos. 22 and 22% Langton street,
store and rooms and lot 25x75 feet, for $3750;
Nos. 1C06 and 1608 ' California •- street, two
houses aAd lot 50x137:6 feet. Irregular, .for
$16,000; NOs. 1209 to 1211B Howard street and
Nos. 708 to 712}£ Tehama street, 'lot 45x160
feet, and twelve flats, for $23,500, subject- to
approval; half block facing Golden Gate Park.'
KSOxGOO feet, for $5000; lots 8. and 9 in block
202,' S. 8. ¦ Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion, $375.
, 'Easton, Eldridge & Co. auctioned realty
last Tuesday at prices as follows: v
- Lot 27:3x137:6 feet on the northwesterly
line of Harrinon street, 109 feet southwest from
Tenth street, with six flats, for $6900; lot 27x
110 - feet ¦¦ on * the southwest " corner * of Tork
street and Central avenue,, for $1200; north
west corner of Webster and Fulton streets, lot
25x57:6 feet, and three flats, for '$11,250;:' lot
20x60 feet and two flats on the -south line' of
Minna street, 65 feet northeast - from Eighth
street, for $3900; northwest ' corner of Eight
eenth and Colllngwood street. 28x75 feet, with
2-story frame building, for • $5500; lot- 30x1 15
feet ' and cottage of four rooms, on the '- east
line " of Noe street, near , Laldley : street," for
$1550; lot 29:3x100 feet on the westerly line of
1'otrero avenue, with three flats, ¦ for $6300; 'lot
SELL UNDER : HAMMER.
Madison & Burke sold "at. auction last
cious rooms and billiard-room, etc.; south
westerly corner of Mission and Mary streets,
lot 57:6x100 feet, ' through to Minna street,
with Improvements -. thereon; manufacturing
site on the ' northwest corner '• of Second and
Silver streets, northwest - 70 feet, ¦ southwest DO
feet, southwest 47 feet, northeast 30 feet,
southwest 23 ! feet and northwest 60 feet to
point of commencement; westerly lino of Mis
sion street, 09 feet north of 'Fourteenth street.
large parcel of land 90 f eet , frontage on;Mis
sion street,. running through 180 feet to a rear
street and being. 74 feet on. the latter; property
belonging to the Graham ! estate on J the west
erly line of Leavenworth street.' 54:6 feet south
of -Ellis street, 83:9 feet - fronting, on Leaven
worth street and. through to rear, street, Cohen
place, with r Improvements thereon 'consisting
of four two-Etory ' frame ' buildings ¦ containing
nine ; rooms and bath each, to be sold to close
the . estate: . property., on the southerly line of
Twenty-seventh - street,' 80 feet 1 east of Noe
otreet, .150x114 feet, to be ; sold -to. close the
estate of Henry Casanova ; '• a Richmond cot
tage on the southerly line of Point' Lobos ave
nue,-107:6 feet east of Ninth avenue. No. 1917,
lot 25x100, with tine cottage of six. rooms land
bath " and ¦. high : finished : basement and '¦ stable
on premises; -southerly line of. Clay street, 110
feet 'east of Baker - street, lot 27:6x85 feet.
Nos. 3023-3025, two frame flats containing 5-6
rooms v and . bath each, . renting - for : $55 per
month.TaWKBBpHWBB . ¦ - <
An aoartment house known as : the Holy rod
on U»e . northerly line of Bush street. ' 133:8
feet west of Taylor street, .thence : 32:8x137:6
feet — a modern hotel, having been , built less
than a year ago by F.', W. Kern, . four-story
brick and frame building, • containing ' 00 spa-
An auction sale will be' held by Easton,
Eldridge & Co. on • October 13 "at their
salesrooms. The properties to be offered
include the following:
Next Saturday afternoon . Eastern, Eld
ridge & Co. will auction off on "the prem
ises. In Alameda, the entire block bound
ed by Eagle and Clement avenues, : near
Grand station on the broad gauge rail
road. There are nine cottages containing
six and seven rooms and bath each, with
lots 37x108 feet. ,The rents of .the, cottages
are $25 to $35 each. The property ; Is
close to the estuary and boating, fishing.
etc., are convenient. Several building
lots -will also be offered for sale.
29:3% feet on Market street. 70 feet deep and
29:0 feet wide In the rear.* on which Is an old
building renting for $325 a month; on the
southwest corner of Mission street and Grand
avenue, between Ninth and .Tenth streets, 28:4
xlOO feet, with old buildings renting for $42;
on the southwest line of Third street, between
Brannan and Townsend, 137:6x160 feet to
Rltch. the improvements on which rent for $100
a month.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ff^^X y~. DR. LAWRENCE'S WOXDERFUL NEW 13IPR0VEO
MsSMr VACUUM DEVELOPER i
|| ' AND INV 'oortATO/t
U gZZ: I On?"by > Us Patented PerfeCt E>la P hra S nl «"S Other ImprovemenU. Sold '
H ', - - Quickly Restores Lost Strength, Permanently Cures Varicocele. Drains
fi j Stricture. Premstureness and Prostatlc Troubles by a Simple and Conl
Ij vcnlent Home Treatment. .
He ' 1 The VACUUM DEVELOPER stimulates and energizes the ner\-e force
lie: 1 ' arid In<Su ces a free circulation of blood into the debilitated parts thus f.
Hj 1 r">rmaripntly rtrenKthening and developing them.
It' I P. SPFCFAT FJ?FFflFFFR In order -to demonstrate and prove th* merits
¦ < "1 7 .2, -ir WrrCfl. O f our Vacuum Treatment we will tend tha
lit ,j rerfect*d Vacuum Developer free on ten days' trial and approval
9 1! 4 CaU or write for qu,. c4-pa Ke illustrated book No. «. showing the male. :
IJ f> stem and esplainingr our perfected treatment. Sent plain sealed free
II - <~~m AT -i- DISfJASES OF MEN, Contracted Disorders, etc., treated and
f| Ell! v cured by our specialists. «>v.»n when others fall.
B&'iKV CONSULTATION FnEB and confidential, at offices cr by mail. Hours
H, - — • *• ni. to 9 p. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenings.
n \«» >Ioiif>- IltMjulred Until Cared.
¦ Health Appliance Co., 6 ' '^i^^rJl*^
"'¦¦¦/. *."•¦ -' ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ ' -
S ™ comprises all the worthy makes — Bradley, Roycroft, Spanish Mission, weathered, HBW^HBB^*™*
Cathedral, Fumed, Rust, Antwerp and Waxed Oak. You will' rarely find as perfect assortment as we show. The extreme simplicity of this
style of goods is what gives it its distinctive character. You will take real pleasure in looking at the display whether you wish to purchase or
not. Come, you are always welcome. ... . . ' . : •¦ ,
1 '.f^yrrS^^^^^^ >'||mI The above, illustration will give you a slight idea of the effect of mission furniture in your dining- \\ ijWft§|l=is!§ '] I pi^lf?!! \ pk %
\t- ' $f * <ffl n room.^ Nothing is so thoroughly artistic as the straight lines and massive construction of thi3 | ;;, p^j^lfjg^r^J*' '^rr^^rfr^j Av^jj t
I Table, 8 ft. drawer, price, $30.75 1 Box Seat Chair, price, $6.60 1 Arm Chair, price, $9.75 | Buffet, $13.75 |i
China Cabinet — Simple in rmmt^ ™ «¦¦« ..^ mmmm ««^ _ . ... _ _ . «. mmt «. mmm — mm^ mm mmm mm^ _ _ m^ m^ _^ — ¦*¦-¦—¦—¦-¦——?
line, elegant in effect. The lat- sideboard-SoUiS eak. weathered finish.
. • 1 j • 1 • . • ¦ ... massive In design; a masterpiece of the* cabinet
ticed door gives a pleasing im- ' f * .\. maker** art. China, cloeet haa leaded glass
prcssion of rich simplicity. Am- • { -J»£!!^M^---- *'«^ =::^li^ t -'^= : *TfS?ir' "iiT' fa ' *± door * n( * Bl< ** r>anel1 - Back finished with bevel
vantage. We carry an im- * U Stinson, Sanford & Higgins
mense assortment 01 JLace <* .. _ . . /,. #«>.««*¦• <• •" ...... -~ . . .. .
Curtains, Portieres, Couch Settee, Rocker and Chair—Suitable for den or living room.. To thoroughly : appreciate the Tapestries. Come and revel in the
Covers. Call at any time. You . effect of this furniture you should see it as displayed in our cottage on the 5th floor. The rocker is glory of the beautiful designs and
will find it a pleasure to choose priced $11.50; settee priced $17.75; chair priced $6.65; complete price $34.50. . .
under such conditions. ." . /- * . COlonngS.
j # ..1 , ' ¦ • '— • -> ¦ '
B^to^^o^e^Tu^es^l^Tf Cellarette-Handy adjunct for .-the ..den; |S^Hif , Library T«ble-M.»sive in construction £^^£^^CP^ 1
quarter sawed oak. fathered. made of quarter-sawed oak, weathered com- Hwkfi&ffiiU 1 beautifully finished. A piece of o I7 ,- n
Pric ! .?!"?.. "": $12,95 , Plcte with glass. Price --$21.75 - fllH||M§ W% which you will, never tire $17.50 p , geO n hoi*, anl drTw^PrlS.
BUFTETTE— Quarter-Baw«d oak, -wreath- but artistic. Pries- Sf^'A «».? Otl £** MTMiftv BAmnw
•red, one drawer lined for stiver, commodi- .f7.O0 /(r^'BY #»VVV* VM^ HI «k ¦¦¦» stam^^.^^F? 1^" 801^ and « Tll> -
ou« drawer for linen; height CT OO OPt HaH fflSsf TT&fl E&T «§SS fiTs!^3 W £t£k B Jfl&J the corner of the stantl alSpanls h leather cushion, broad
of tho cabinet makers art.. V^^e^iO Wri Bjf «tM 58 fiTs! ET^ tBIwJw Cl-H ,s7"GFL EPSa IS* n ° r Ilbrary - arms. Embodiment of Ci^ <-j —Of the 4S.9S3 deaths which occurred In
Paris in 1SS3, as many as 12,314 are at
tributed to tuberculosis, or more than
one- fourth. ' * • • ' - :
utes. The winning team of tho carpenters
was composed of P. Nelson. D. McFar
lane, E. Lovereau and S. Compton. Th«
team of fellow craftsmen that was de
feated was made up of J. Curry, J. Snip
per, J. Nelson and E. Olsen.
The contest will bo resumed to-morrow
evening and continue until next Saturday
night.
The laborers were declared winners by
default, as the teamof plumbers did not
appear, and a similar decision was given
to the carpenters over the linemen when
those teams were called for.
The carpenters then divided their team
and gave an exhibition contest and an ex
citing pull was witnessed for six min-
The plasterers and bridge builders put
up an exciting pull, but the bridge build
ers won out in three minutes thirty-seven
seconds.
sters defeated the bricklayers In five min
utes fifteen seconds.
In th© Dakota presbytery, composed en
tirely of Indians, there are twenty-seven
churches and 1458 communicants, minis
tered to. by fifteen; Indian preachers.
According to a report of the German
Postmaster General there are over 30,000
Inland letter carriers In the Fatherland,
who cover every vear a distance of more
than 130,000,000 miles. • ; '
When you buy butter do not depend on
chance. Call at Murphy & Paul's modern
creamery— 123 Sixth street— and you can
peep behind the scenes and see that you
take no chances when you use their but
ter. Their modern methods have cut out
the risk and produced the purest and best
flavored butter known to science. •/
even private residences are often put out
because local disasters at times cut off
the supply of creamery products. Per
sons that deal wjth this creamery are not
subject to these interruptions for their
supply comes from separated districts and
the product may bo relied on.
Your butter supply is of vital Impor
tance to your family, and you should visit
123 Sixth street, even if you do not buy
one of the tempting rolls you see. • It is
worth something .to say you have seen
a modern creamery, a place where dairy
products are made right and handled
right.
Every part of the Btorage space and
every Inch of the salesroom is permeated
by the clean odor of sanitation, for clean
liness is the cardinal rule of the house.
1903
Imparting a greenlsh^olor to oysters is
another adulteration. An oyster requires
about one month In the bed3 to acquire
the greenish color. As this Is too long a
time the dealers help them along with an
artificial color. The, chemists in the Pari3
municipal laboratories have shown that
tomato Jelly' is adulterated with turnips
and powdered pepper contains a large ad
mixture of powdered hardtack.— Scientific
American.*
Chopped artificial truffles are made of
black rubber, silk or softened leather, and
even Whole trufiles are made out of roast
ed potatoes, which are flavored by adding
ether. They are said to sell well.
Fish spoiled In spite of ic© and borax
Is treated with salts of zinc, aluminum
"and other metals. Rubbing the fish with
vaseline to give it a fresh look and color
ing the gills with fresh blood or eosln— a
ooal tar color— is resorted to. The latter
is also used to Intensify the. red color-of
Inferior crabs.
In Paris snails are popular, and the
adulterators mix them with lungs of cat
tle and horses. Even entirely artificial
snails- are manufactured. The shells, re
coatcd with fat and slime, are filled with
lung and then sold as "Bergundy" snails.
Lovers of fresh rooster combs are Im
posed upon by a substitute cut out pf
hogs' intestines.
Food Frauds} Abroad.
We are telling you. these things because
In a great city the problem of pure food
is not always easily settled, and few buy
ers know how food is prepared, where it
is prepared- and where sold. This is par
ticularly true of butter, for It is- subject
to many ups and downs, and if.;iot prop
erly made and properly kept it soon be
comes very bad.
' It was stated at the outset of this littta
chat that the fresh milk from which this
butter is made comes from a wide area
ten counties. Hotels, restaurants and
Even' householder should know where
to t>uy pure food. But where to buy pure
food— there's the rub! ¦ So this is an hon
est little butter talk, and you can settle
the Question of buying butter by remem
bering what is said here. But before
going further it should be stated that
Messrs. Murphy & Paul have Just" equip
ped a large scientific creamery at 123 Sixth,
street— but there's more to say!
At their modern depot they -handle the
product of 12,000 cows, and receive cream
and milk from ten counties, thus insuring
an outDut that floods, trainwrecks and
local disasters cannot interrupt. A good
point— but better points follow.
The butter from this product is never
made in a haphazard way. This mean3
that when you buy at 123 ' Sixth street
you buy a delicious, sweet and pure arti
cle. It is made as scientists would make
it — free from injurious germs. And when
it is made it Is not piled in care^ss heaps.
It is put In clean places where thermom
eters record thp purifying temperature of
dry cold. A modern carbonic refrigerat
ing machine carries the saving touch of
Arctic purity to every Inch of the show
cases and cold storage, receptacles. Even
in tho windows that face the fetreet there
is winter: and as you pans you may see
clean and wholesome ' butter by thO ' side
of frosted pipes that carry the purity of
a New Kngland Christmas to every cubic
inch of .the healthful air. That's the way
to keep butter ' right — and If it is made
right the result cannot be wrong. '•= ••
This great home' of butter is for the
benefit of all the people, and the hum
blest householder may buy 10 cents' worth
of the same quality that is sold to whole
salers. It will Interest you to visit 123
Sixth street— and remember that / they
churn there every day.
The food makes the man — even more the
child. .The value of proper food is gen
erally recognized, and sclcntistg.say that
wholesome victuals are responsible for
good health,, long life and brave deeds.
And Pasteurized butter will keep you and
your children well.
Thousands of precautions are now taken
to make the world's food wholesome, for
it Is known that many diseases come from
eating bad food. In view of this truth
no one should take any unnecessary
chances with his eating. You take- no
chances with the Murphy & Paul butter.
Butter Is an Important food— and It should
be sweet. Otherwise it poisons the sys
tem and. ruins digestion. If bad It will
spoil the best meal, and no cook has the
cunning to disguise the taste and. over
come the evil ; of Impure butter. Good
butter is the crowning glory of, a. good
meal, and health follows • its use. Since
the days of our grandfathers great pro
gress has been made In the science - of
making butter— and pure, modern butter
Is both palatable and wholesome.
Large Pasteurized Creamery Is
Now Iiocated on. Sixth
Street. "
TWENTIETH CENTURY BTJTTER
BEACHES SAN FRANCISCO
The night school for men and boys will
be reopened at the Young Men's Christian
Association building for the coming term
to-morrow evening. A number of new in
structors have been added to the already
large corps and the school will be better
equipped this year than ever before.
Opening of Y. M. C. A. Night School.
The |2SQ was returned to Rea and Se
lipman was taken to the City Prison and
locked up in the tanks. A dispatch was
*ent to J. Bassett Jr., St. Louis, on whom
Scligman had drawn the draft for $1500
and a reply was received from him that
• he wou.d not honor any of Seligman's
draft?. Sc'.ipman was released from cus
tody yesterday morning.
The case for which he Is waiting trial
Is for obtaining J7j commission from tt!e
Conservative IJfe Insurance Company on
a: policy that he Issued to ex-Judge
George EL Bahrs under false pretenses.
He represented to Bahrs that he was the
nj.ar.ager of the company and retained
him as counsel for the company at a fee
of C>J per annum, which was the amount
of the premium on the policy held by
Bahrs.
He had a checkered career in the Pug-et
Sound cities before coming here and was
arrested there several times, but his
mother liquidated the amounts involved
and he escaped prosecution.
WILL NOT HONOR DRAFT.
•TAKEN TO BEA'S BANXEEL
. Rea thought he would be doing his own
bask, the Itai!an-Axnerican, a good turn
and would at the same time learn of tho
.naaxcial standing of Seligman by taking
•him there. They went there and Rea was
gratified to find that the cashier and Se
ligman knew each other.
The draft for 11500 was deposited for
collection and they returned to Rea's of
fice. ' Sellffman cald he urgently needed
S250 and if Rea would advance him. that
amount he would give him a note pay
able on sight. The money was advanced
# aa«l Seiigman wrnt away.
Rea, after thinking over the matter,
became ur.eayy and while at lunch he
asked a friecd if he knew Seligman. The
friend rejjiied that he did and that Se
ligman was "as crooked as a ram's horn."
Rea and his friend went to police head
quarters' and Detective Ryan was de
tailed to find Scljgman. When Ryan saw
Seligman and told him his business Se
ligman said, "All right, I'll go with you
and return the money to Rea." They
were walking along Front street when
Selipman asked to be excused for a mo
ir.er.t. He walked quickly into the office
cf the Western Transfer and Storage
Company, :£3 Front street, and came out
s-rnlkr.pr. It was later discovered that he
had borrowed $S0, which he evidently
reeded to make up the 52S0 obtained from
Rea.
Si. Carlton SeJljrman, who is out on
bor.ds awaiting; trial la tho Superior
Coi:rt on a charge of obtaining money by
fa!$e pr*tens<?s, again got himself into
troubla with the police* on Friday. Ho
•was arrested by Detective Ryan, but was
released yestexday morning.
. Seligman opened a liquor store >it 217
Clay street about a mor.th ago. It was
acnounced that ho would do a wholesale,
retail and rec'Jfylnar business, but up to
the present time he has neglected to pro
cure the necessary license. The name
over the door Is "H. IC Scllgman & Co."
•On Friday morning Sellyman called upou
H. L. Rea & Co.. internal revenue brok
ers, <17 Battery street, and told Rea that
he wasted him to do his brokerage busi
ness. Sellcman talked so glibly about
rectifying liquor end the business gener
ally that Rea come to the conclusion h«
was en experienced liquor nan.
After talking fcr some time Saligman
said he had an uncle in St. Louis who
was backing him in the business and h»
was on his way to the bank to deposit a
. Craft for $1W9 on his unc!e for collection.
John Tierney, a teamster residing at
Fifth and Folsom streets, made an unsuc
cessful attempt at suicide yesterday
morning by swallowing a quantity .of
morphine. lie was removed to the Emerg
ency Hospital and restored to conscious
ness. Tierney stated that he had become
despondent at the death of . his little
daughter and wanted to die. Several
months ago Tierney mado an attempt to
end his life and was saved after hard
work-
Teamster Tires of Life.
Third Congrt-Kalional — Morning, "Some
Things That We Take With Us Into the Other
World": evening, "Disfigured Faces." Pas
tor. Rev. William Rader.
First United Presbyterian — Morning, "Joy In
Heaven Over- Retarnine Sinners"; evening,
•Labor and Capital." Pastor, Rev. H. H. Bell.
First Unitarian — Morning, "Does the Uni
tarian Church Pull Down and Not Build Up?"
PaFU*r, . Iiev. Bradford Leavltt.
Second Unitarian — Morning, "What th«
World Owes the Methodism." Pa«tor, Rev.
Jay William Hudson.
African Methodist Episcopal Zlon — Evening,
Pis-hop O. W. Clinton, D.D., of the Seventh
Episcopal District of the African Methodist
Episcopal Zlon church, will preach.
Firet Congregational — Morning, "A Model
-asnoH «« f\ feHJ, irorc y.. 'SutuaAS : .jditouj
holder." Pastor. Rev. George C. Aflame.
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal — Morn
ing. "Wisdom of the World"; evening. •'Self-
Justlflcaticn." Pastor. Rev. A. C. Bane.
Elmpson Memorial Methodist — Morning, "The
Oospel According to Matthew": evening, "The
Return cf Faith." Pastor, Rev. John Steph
ens.
First Methodist Ep!»oopal — Morning, "Les
sons From the Palm Tref"; evenlne. "Vision
and Life." Pastor, Rev. E. F. Brown.
Epworth Methodist • Episcopal — Morning,
"Walking In the Light"; cvenlnj, "Crosa
bearing and Its Rewards." Pastor, Rev. F. A.
Kea«t- - * ¦
Richmond Methodist Episcopal— Morning.
"The Ark"; evening, "The Flr«t Church."
Preaching by pastor.
First English Lutheran — Morning, "The New
Minister of Oecapolis" ; evening, "The Fool
ighneea of Preaching." Pastor, Rev. Dr. E. R.
Nelander.
This evening the regular month
ly praise service will be given in Calvary
Presbyterian Church, Flllmore and Jack
son streets. One of the numbers on the
programme will be Schneckers 1 "My
Faith Looks Up to Thee," by a double
quartet with violin obligato by j Harry
Factor. R. D. Burners is the organist
and choir director.
Other church services to-day are as fol
lows: ¦ ..
Callforn!a-ttreet Methodist Episcopal — Morn
ing, "The Turk and His Lost Provjnes';
evening, preachlnz. Pastor* Rev. Clarence
Reed.
Rev. Father Hlckey will preach at tho
10:30 o'clock mass this morning In St. Ig
natius Church. Rev. Eather Allen will
preach in the evening- at -vespers.- --
Rev. J. P. Rya'ni'-jjastcjrSp?-] St. Mary's
Church, Davenport. •l«wa,' will 'preach the
sermon at St. Mary's (Paullst) Church.
Rev. H. Wyman, C. S. P.. will deliver the
sermon in the evening at vespers.
The men's mass meeting at the Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis streets, this afternoon at 3 o'clock
will be addressed by Rev. Dr. Bell. The
doctor will epeak on a special theme ap
propriate to men. An orchestra will dis
course music. Mr. McCoy's social Bible
class will follow the service.
Organ solo, "Marche Anjtlaise" (Clark); pro
cessional hymn No. 471; choral evensong, fes
tal use; •Gloria Patrl." chant In E flat dlob
inecm>; "Cantate Domino" In C <Uuck); "Uene
dlc Anlma" in D (Buck); after third collect,
bass BOln. 'Turn Thee to Me" (Dvorak).
George II. Trask; hymn No. 345; organ solo,
"Nocturne" In E flat (Chopin), arranged for
the orean by Harrison M. 'Wild; tenor foIo
and chorus, •'Somewhere" <J. S. Ferris). Rev.
Krn»st Bradlpy and quartet; anthem, •"PralfO
the Lord" (Clare); violin solo, "Cavatlna"
(HafT), Miss F. Keyser; soprano solo, "My Re
deemer and My Lord" UUiek), Miss Ellen
Margery Marks; cftertory. organ solo, "Spring
Song' (Mendelssohn); lecerBlonal hymn No.
403; organ eolo, '•Processional March"" tUar-.
nard). Martin Schultz, organist and cholr
master. ,
The monthly musical service of Simp
con Memorial Methodist Church, corner
of Hayes and Buchanan streets, will be
held this evening. The choruses by tho
choir will be "Jerusalem" (Parker),
"Lead, Kindly Light" (Evans) and the
"Hallelujah Chorus" (Handel). . E. C.
Boysen, barytone, will sing "Hills of
God" (Nevin). and Miss "Viola Samter, so
prano. "Hymn of Praise" (Goubller). For
the offertory, Miss Carrie Bright will play
a violin solo. The trio. "Rend Your
Hearts." by Mrs. George Norton and
Messrs. L. Coop and I. E. Blake, and the
duet, "Rejoice in the Lord," by Miss Rena
Waltz and F. E. Buckman, will complete
the programme.
The following musical service will bo
held this evening in St. Stephen's Church:
To-day will mark the'tenth anniversary
of the inception of the male choir in
Grace Episcopal Church and will be ob
served by a festival service at 8 o'clock
in the evening, at which Gounod's "Messe
Solencelle" will be given in Its entirety.
The occasion will be the more noteworthy
In that many of the former .members of
the choir, who have taken up work In
other churches, will assist the present
regular choir.
Of those who have been continuously
with the choir since its first festival ser
vice there remain but the organist and
choirmaster, William H. Holt, and the
solo barytone, S. Homer Henley. Others
who were members at the first service are
Clarence Wendell and D- M. Warde, and
they will sing to-night In the company
of later members. Including Robert Blair,
William McDonald, Charles Henley, Wil
liam Shawhan and Malcom Fraaer.
St. Dominic's Church at Bush and
Stelner streets will be the scene of the
annual Feast of the Roses this morning at
U o'clock. Before the mass there will bo a
grand solemn procession. . followed by thi
b'essing of tho roses. A specially selected
choir will sing several famous church
bymns under the direction of Dr. Stewart!
The sermon will be preached by Rev.
Father O'Connor.
'His Uncle in St. Louis Will
Not; Honor His Draft
for SI 600.
Many Pastors Select Inter
esting Subjects for
Their Texts.
Schemer Bepays $250
- Advanced by Broker
Rsa.
SELIGMAN MADE
TO RETURN COIN
Grace Church Choir to
Observe Its Tenth
Anniversary.
FEAST OF ROSES
AT ST. DOMINIC'S
The lumbermen .won from the cement
workers In four minutes, and the team-
Nearly 2000 people gathered at Central
Park last evening witness the contin
uation of the labor union tug of war con
test in aid of the treasury of the Church
of tho Holy Redeemer, of which the Rev.
Father McQuade Is pastor.
The best pull of the evening was be
tween the teams of carmen and horse
shoers. The carmen gained a cleat, right
"after the starting pistol was fired and
their opponents ; held on with right* gootl
will. It was any one's victory for the
first ten minutes and then the ¦ carmen
gained slowly and finally won out In fif
teen minutes and ten seconds.
Labor Union Tug-of-War at Central
Park Draws Large
Audience.
MEN OF. BRAWN" MEET
IN FRIENDLY CONTEST
The suit of the Mercantile Trust Com
pany to foreclose on tho property of the
shipbuilding company was filed several
months ago, and James Smith Jr. was
appointed receiver of the property, includ
ing the Union Iron Works in this city.
The property Is being operated by its for
mer owners under a lease from the ship
building company 'and tho work of con
structing war vessels there will not bo
hampered by either of tho suits.
. The complaint asks that the mortgage
be foreclosed and that the property, In
cluding the Union Iron Works In this city,
be sold subject to the mortgage of the
Mercantile Trust Company, that com
pany having a suit pending In the. same
court for foreclosure of the first mort
gage.
Another suit against the United States
Shipbuilding Company was filed yester
day In the United States Circuit Court by
the New York Security and Trust Com
pany. * James Smith Jr., as receiver, Is
made a co-defendant. The complaint al
leges that the Security Company holds a
deed of trust executed August 12, 1902, to
secure , the payment of $10,000,000 In bonds
of the shipbuilding company. . This Is a
second mortgage, subject to a deed of
trust executed to. the Mercantile ¦ Trust
Company, of- New York for $16,000,000 In
bonds. •. f^'-'^y'}'
Bondholders of Ship
building Combine Sue
to Foreclosed
SEEKS PAYMENT
0F $10,000,000
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
29
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN ALL WALKS OF LIFE
Herpicide Is Used to Cure Dandruff.
E. II. Lyon, New York. N. Y., says: J
"1 am very fond of Herpicide and enjoy
using it. It is refreshing.'',
Dr. J. H. Bush. Toledo Ohio, writes:
"Newbro's Herpicide has given better sat-
isfaction than anything I have ever used."
Mrs. Borkey of Chadron, Neb., says of
Herpicide:
"It cleaned mv head of dandruff and
stopped my hair from falling out. If ia
tho best remedy for dandruff I ever used,
and I have used a great many."
R. S. Coleman, Ann Arbor, Mich., says:
"I have used two bottles of Herpicide
and. derived benefit therefrom."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
stamps for sample- to Tho Herplclda Co..
Detroit. Mich.
T£ Constipated <.
" Uted bv American Physicians nearly 60 year* .
The effervescent "tried by time" cure for
Costiveness, Biliousness, Headache, Sick
Stomach. Contains no irritants or narcotics:
BOc. and Cl. at Druggists or by mail from
THE TARRANT CO., 2 1 J«y 8tr«*t, New York ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST TO MAKE A SCORE
MORE HAPPY HOMES
Fine Square Pianos and Some Excellent Used Uprights — 50 to Be
Sold at Less Than Half Valuation by Pommer-Eilers.
You'll be surprised to know how llttlo more room a modern square
piano actually occupies than an upright. Squares are a little out of fash-
ion" in flats and boarding-houses, but. nevertheless, a square piano Is
much better and much more desirable than a.n ordinary, cheap or me-
dium grade upright or one of those "stencil pianos," with dealers' names
on their fallboards, that are so vigorously exploited in certain quarters.
"We received seventeen square pianos in part payment for new Kim-
balls and Deckers and Hazeltons last week. People are moving Into new
homes and want new pianos. Most of them seem to be getting into tho
habit of buying their new pianos here. We told you they would. It's be-
cause we furnish a better piano for less money than can any other dealer
or agency. - -*j -;¦¦¦'
But back to the second-hand piano rooms. It's simply overflowing
with them. We need the room for new Instruments arriving daily for the
holiday trade. Hence this merciless price-cutting:
EMERSOX, fine rosewood case, good tone, $56. Pay $10 down and %K a
month.
VOSE, in quite good order, $28. Pay $8 down and $3 a month.
FISCHER, a beauty, $73. Pay $10 down and $3 a month.
CHICKERING.- the finest we have ever had, and we hav© sold hun-
dreds of them, $110. Pay $10 down and $3 a month.
(Just the thing for some big. spacious studio or parlor.)
VOSE. a beautiful carved walnut case, fine tone, $S3. Pay $10 down
and $4 a month.
KIMBALLi square, in excellent order, $S3. Pay $10 down and $3 a
month.
HAL.LET & DAVIS square, a beauty, the old reliable, $S3. Same terms.
CHICKERING, very good order, good tone, $46. Pay $6 down and $3 a
month.f
ANOTHER CHICKERING, not quite so good, $42. Pay $5 down and $3
a month. •
And a score or more of good csed uprights at correspondingly low
prices. All on easy terms.
Remember, when It comes to selling new pianos we are In position to
furnish the best Instruments at Idwer prices than can be obtained else-
where. s
POMMER=EILERS MUSIC CO.
Ban Francisco's "busiest and best piano shops," wholesale and retail, 653
Market street, below Examiner building.
ADVEKTISEMEKTS.
® We Trust the People. ©
S THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL. I
© Now ia your chance to fit up your O
O dicicp-room at tt« price cever beard 9
of !¦¦:¦¦:¦¦-. 0
• S \ -A* ' t^K g
i "'- - i
2 Ju^t a» ehorra In rictus. FOlid oak W ¦
*J rxtprjiion table, fluted li*£n. built extra O
O bear? and strong, carries three lc&vea, O '
£) large enough to teat 10 when extended, q :
g Price 64.90 Each. ©
§ _J] - |
2 W&0m$SBsi °
2 I M ©
• i ¦(¦¦¦¦ J i s
I ill ¦ S
I 1 i *
2 •
s pu4- — Wk s
"1 if 1 *
*2 ®
O Pin!np-room chiir. regular, price (J
O $1.10. *i>ecial for thLm week q
* 75c Cach. g
q • Patrrt vrn^r saiidle Brat, eolid oak, 5£
q quart«-rr<l and polish^. Not more than J*
JP fix eo!d to one pon«on. O
Y All feather pillows. 22x28 Inch**. O
O •nr-ijehiujf 4 Uje. rach. regular price A
O ?-¦-'•"; for this v.-r. k q
§. $1.65 per Pair. |
o EASTERN g
S OUTFITTING CO., •
• 1329-1323 Stockton Street. O
o We I-^urnl^h Houses Complete. 2
Y Country Ordrrn Solicited. •
. JjJ Voa oan reach ua with any car by ©
© tTz-cslerrlTig to the gTeen Kearny or A
O Third -street car rt
JOE ROSENBERG'S. 1 JOE ROSENBERG'S. ; | JOE ROSENBERG'S. ) JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. .-
|g§| W0WAJSfTZTOCMISBl BEEP INTO YOi/Ii MIMD"--
'^iT^fYffltyffivfo F"VERY MAN should be as good as his word, but it is not always the case. Every store should be as good as its advertisement* represent it to be, but it is
.^li Bftiiziiir^ ' iZ, 9 enera Hy * ne reverse. It does not take any of us a great while, to learn "which is which." if wo had no higher mothe our ordinary common sense
/o ,,jk i$&j4%iflfe^EBgMwffiy ¦ would teach us that exaggerated and misleading statements would create distrust sooner or later.
/J// firaS Wh&bMblmS^Bw"" u ' we have a n '9^ er ambition. We want to chisel deep into our business these five word3, "OUR WORD IS OUR BOND." By that we mecn exactly
//// JPil w^ at we sa / — tf}at whenever we give you our word for anything you may rest assured that it is the truth. Should you at any tims hate reason to think that
f/////i ¦ /0E£$k 3™|^MHfBBHMV we *' avc Misrepresented anything we will consider it a favor if you will tell us- about it. Money back if the goods are not satisfactory is our way of doing business.
mm/^^^^^^^^^m/ store news L * s ' Gooii Mil1 Underwear at Just Received by Last ViJQYff In Tims of Peace Prepare for War.
¦ W///////m^^^^wS^k Russian bath - Low Prices and From Our Night's Express iflf n O^ J 'we p hTscm r e? a
: «^^^^HB- ' SftW^rS • Own Machines. ' ~L°if^ W RST^& A^\
W//mWam^^^^m^^^SL vnw W6g ««- LADIES' „. -s x-tt GLOVES, made of suede lisle BW LADIKS' UMCRELL\ J2fSC^
w//MS^^m^^m^^^ Hent : M 'for""?he SKIRT CHE- (3£. ~q®&&Q%Q and silk taffeta with patent r|f made of Italian twill cloth: KMZ^?-
' INmW^^^^M^^I^^^i NEMO self redm£ MISE -Made of i&tf/^J¥£g^ clasps and stitched backs; In \£5 tl , ht fitting with cover: »^?C§;
• '¦¦¦ wlmBSBSBBmmk I £•&-£' -^ \ ¦ssa^gsua BpgegigB sss-s.^.s m kkt&K^
i! ! Ill i\* l^^^fflSfd CTJ II tion; finished fy^k^OsM^/ Made of crystal beads. In large and - i n ri^A ft f i* n
1 \l L Kl^»®Kfe?SMl #7 HI with a depp small sizes, W inches long, finished with 8C lnSteaU 01 ISC.
¦•UmlUII |V-^CSS®a«Eg^^»S^CT Jn ¦! ? ou , nc .f: neatly "-^^^^^ largo bead tassel at the end. Price.. T>Oc A lucky purchase of ours enables us
MHWrW SStfwf^^lSliisSffi tucked; two pro- Y t0 FeU t - nesft D RKSS SHIELDS at an
:¦" 7W HHKMHHi'JiUiL h "'-"'"---— tb. mx *!*«• . t s&^^rsusrss&K
• rrrrrrnmTTT^ ¦ i^™™** S * S^uM\ M WHM HF&'S 1 LADIES' GOWNS-CUR OWN MAJvE NECK or WAICI CHAIN made of wh!cn make s thrm both odorless and
I U dlwVVilVVfo. ¦ V „, J*M®k!£&^Hii »«H'Ea' ¦ —New empire shapes; made of Lonsdale Vienna beads, in blue and crystal. o4 washable. Large size "So a pair
f uyWfffr^ ll — I • rambric; square neck; neatly trimmed In Inches long. Regular 50c quality at the
r \8$r TOfiffiBlBficSgBBMBflf . - iltr\mski» **m.—~ 1 torchon, lace and insertion; sleeves, also price-cuter's -3c WfimPTl TPTlfi TR Yfinf FflPS
L#/ BMflBHBWHSW ' f/Pllf^ I collar, trimmed with this lace; liberal in IKUlliei], Ltillll Ub IUUf tdfb.
SWWJl^^ I fl^ a l length and width; our price soc Economy, Lite Charity, Begins at Home q in He 0 r ur ar sHELl KO coMB er D£
' e 3^f^TO7n\ II And here's some mon- j; 9 'j PARTXIKNT:
"fflKBBSM' f^O B jTipSlri MilPC and MHP5 nf TMhhrm<; fit ' ey-savera at money- j I - LADIES" BONE HAIR-
HSBDmn U a .A«affi»\ lllllCa allu lUllCo Ul HIUUUUj al S£x£?Tfi£?\ ' saving prices: j 1 'PINS. 3'i Inches long, in
DmOmRBQui / J IlnllPSrd Of InW PfTPQ &£§*£%&$[ LADIES' • AND A straight and crinkly kind.
MrUTMJWTnre X«^^ i _^X UllllCalU-Ul LUW riitCb. j6n¥i0v3 i *k GENTS' PURSES In jj ', smooth and highly polished
x J^^ - *** s \ tCKj^Ij ~*!i~~ "y " ~A n*£& An overstoc5<e< * whole- ysgj&^i&^Fsk suede leather, patent i J i teeth, the kind that will not
:= ** S^1P* _^v, \ f^&fr&AktHm W / !*~\ And yours to buy them LADIES' COMBINATION POCKET- TadloiF
n^BWKffi&l ¦ I ffl //» ¦ / J£s3ff \\ Vi " at these low P rices - BOOK AND PURSE, made of seal Le- littUlW .
1| KiQSSSt*/^// m / j/nr %=s&J^ )O^>( Width No. 100; full 5 in. vant, morocco, alligator. In brown, tan. To those who break their front corset
s *^ ll mmL JsQSu&iT'W/ f £dnys y ** ZL -^ y^ \a f^3f (nyP wide; all-silk taffeta; black, some silver trimmed, others plain, steels here's a preventive. Costa a very
«• PSCK ' HI ' H T^fflf tr\ r^m • ' I/t corded edge; satin dotted regular $1.50 and $2 quality, special little, and you will never brpak another
Rr*^^®H^l yfl aSy - '.^^ *^^^ f^-\ \W effect; in pink, blue, price ,"Oc corset steel. Made of aluminoid boning.
yFSr '^^ifwn \ \*^'^ \ • orange, green, brown, t - t which la rust-proof and unbreakable,
j£Vji— _ -^\J$*Fs* VS. navy, black, white and rnHe nf fho Pi\i\i\ Qallind Voile and attaches to the corset by thret- pat-
J^^^^^J^^T V^S^* red: regular 25c and '30c quality; special LlJUb Ul lllo UUUU OCllllJg Kllb, ent clasps. A little less than one-half of
VaSmc^ 6^^ (jpS?^ ¦ y&^^ 15c 27 and 36 Inches long. In tuxedo, crlss- what It ever has been sold for. Price
- : Working; again 6001 fSSiiSil©
We Haye Been Appointed Agents for . Economy Here for You if You Heed TH iSamo, K^ They Are All the Rage. ****** ff y :^! b n u e y ed thei e Tt
the Celebrated Ladies' Equipoise ,, Embroidery. - hat dra J pes or veils \t extra
WoiVfc *. We are closlnc out our ited quantity will bo sold for a few days heavy silk chiffon ,54 Inches 'long, fin- ffl^^L SKIRTS - In^ ?nd
§™ , , tV & ? CW ? and ? nd3 °^ the / 0^ at the sma11 P rfce of - 7e - price-cutter's * 75c dark solid colors "made^of
The new kind, with the LNr^.^ kirixl; made on the finest _________======================== l cutter 9 , .>t, iggg^MgjA steam shrunk yarn, with
new cut, for the. up-to-date h* -"^X cambrics and nainsooks; r« T nn * n «j ft f (?4 (\f\ J&8f.-t*$-££I& fancy striped borders- ttn-
TSS in one-Corset, K-) $£$£?<$& If YOHT Wi D gS AfJ lot WOfh a 60C ™L\!S g high and MlMltrf^t^A^S^SS
¦"SffiuS" Corset cover iU^^TenTnS Dan, Try Some o These at Half M -fHHI e Th^ strins:^ claJ^ e *<*
uSS'krTS'gSS-.W «a^r....^T. ™ c Off the Regular Price. Jflf Mothers, Why Not Start
hrtiP.' Whifp Skirts Anti 1 n6 Or F1Iet LaC6 lDSertiOn I« M S ?Z hi »& b^UYpA^.^l^^Oc Wal e t9 of ? They are M^^^
LaQieS Wnite b&irtS. F d \ Qr lst triramlnff . g lnchP8 K VW brown, and others H DI « ES ;' TIGHTS - P^" fine cambric- taHo?
Made of New York Mills muslin; cut in square and fishnet design. Price HP m with fancy stripes. tially wool, ticht-flttlng tops, ankle stitched bands around the waist; patent
umbrella style; trimmed with wide em- ' ; 4Oc BL fiV fast black with white lengths, in fast black, the good-flttlng tape buttons, garter attachments; light
broidery and cluster of tucks, also a '""LJ^. t^r-n^-o t a^tt -»ri,i^ «» i n soles, and In the new kind, here at the price-cutters ><>e in weight: washable; sizes. 6 months to I
dust ruffle: generously made in length . \ OOD S? ,u i,,^; wh» In ; lace effects. LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS. 9 years old; price ZZc
and width; at the price-cutter's J)Sc such ereat demand. 3^4 inches wide, in The regular 10c qual- made of silk-finish lisle, low neck, no
soli* oTtrrdi street Entrance l he^ al BUl P" r , e g a j t " n; in fast black; lty now « c sleeves, ankle length, neck and arm- It WflV Rp That TrtV? MalCP^ thft
Sale O TarreU-Street Entrance. high luster, silk ilnlsh..^ fo e regular 12e quality, now 7c holes nnished with silk wash tape. U ffldjf DB lUdl LOW lldiBS lUB
If Yon Buy 'Your Corsets at j BS J1K£ it SIS: n^::::::i^ prlco 5Oc • f , t ? orld Go Ro t Md '
Joe Rosenberg's .Si^^l^g^SS^S^^SS: And oVher8 - • 1 No Middleman's Profit Here. th? n n i^ k Kr.T^e t ikceT;o l S <£
-V- • You are sure to -have the yokes or millinery purposes. At the price I 1 Direct from the looms, "x^.^VnnT xirrs it- i i,
$& 3 * : • UP - TO - DATE uuer>s - ••;•- m0£2: Here's One . S^SaST 1 handkerchlefs fe^ A J££ SSn^SSV^^S S 2 cS
Y*?9 Fora perfect fitting dross" - Kothilig MOrfl CfllTlfOrtablfi Of our many NEW FALL LA- u LADIES' II VNDKFR- ed 3-= in fast b!ack - Our price.. ..UOc
\ J> you must "have perfect lit- $£$ ; HUlUlUg 1I1U10 UJlliiUHuUlO DIEg . WA1STS made of fast QC\ r n F FS mi l. nf nnro ®ST c «ff« n,»f B .t Dn.H« nn A u;« V n *™
J^yr ting corsets. That is the »X^ Or moro of "a health pre- black iron-frame alpaca, tucked & gSJh^nS* neatlv hJS! IT 5^ SCOtt S Perfect BUStle and Hip FOrDl.
if ¦ iS only kind we keep. , /SSfgv server than a woolen shawl; .in large tucks around, also «titnh^.i rpiriv f'nr iw B iiS^ roithnmiroirfM Vo-i+ilaTcri
•H— fT> LA GRECQUE BELT- /|$P$$V 50 Inches square, made of small tucks to form yoke, do- MfinA T'7 i ton »? «o E<£i^^ t eaLtllCrWeigllt, Kutllat6(l.
"V'rfdl REDUCING CORSET, sub- ' KgSShtfA Shetland wool, new fancy tachable collar, trimmed with I § HA \ ' '»<• a aozen or » c roturil form
x #y&T ) e tantl;ill >' boiied wlth Van fW^M stitch, with a pearl laco Jet button?, tlfrht-llttinjr lining. V®$Sa **) p "; TrAvnvrnrmrra , , bunder made Cf*>
''r-i 1/ Orden « llJmlnum JftNHf ¦, border effect. At the price strictly tailor-made. Very low T*^/ MEN S HANDKLRCHIEFS. made of h X^ T ma '°; _ ettin - thH , ,V^
MM ISL^S^SSi ffi One-Quarter Less, in Black or larader Prot e C t Yonr Dress Sleeves From VnrJI " K B'BKiL'hn M±
\] " res = warranted a perfect If you wear these co iors here's your TOnoTiJnff Hut riOrOUOrd. perfect fitting dress
fit Your moneys worth or opportunity to buy ladles' silk vests, low Wearing M BACK CQM P Come In ten different sizes.
store Price nionc >^L"S neck and no sleeves; lace trimmed.' In- ifea:aa5^. By wearing a pair of '^SSS^ HAIR RETAINER for th* thin, medium, stout: i%^)
btorc. irice *.,..>O st ead of uOc, special -. 29c fcWgftSgrSsa. these sleevelets. Mado VntTTfl^TjMTnn^l/ highly polished also very large women; at the -
' „ „ . , . __ „ „ , „ ., P^^^^?f . of fast black satin nn ' 1 1 iS III i' smooth teeth. the price-cutter's 50c
The New Models in W. B. Erect m%mm F orodora .sh sateen with t^ior: "Hiiiiiihijiihh" kind of co b - that M rtnf9^
Form Corsets *? a r nd i COLLA^ tie.to^nmidn.'ffiSSMtSS.SSE ffii. 1 ffW5i tfSZ k]^fJ { u^ „
Mark an advance stop for the perma- S^Vd?£ S Sffi At the Quality store -^ money-saving store 15c J^t P^SSS. gS^nd^t
nent improvement of figure and poise. rsj -A. 9B a lawn tic. Special.... are attached to tho cor-
They are tho highest typo of corset ox- 'i^jffH^JS l*">c H /> H~ ITfe 4\ (O KT fk I RT6 CT tn»^ THF PRinF-PIITTFR d^yS^W SPt - Inade of fino fancy
eelknee. Made of imported sateen. Louis *. '" ' i 9 B B* BtPfl P, %k H 111 K H BW I ¦ I3IL r«^lV>L 1>U I I CI\ \>^<5C filled elastic. button
XVI short hip. long front, low bust, HBHaMJSfcHSfl PnllCfi 01 PllSOn UUL BlkVKV BU I « fl-P EL. ¦ U VP £$'£&. clasps, with German metal
hand-gored and straight front, lace •• -' •-*• vv - - l M _", - /%&$&%. buckles. In red. pink, blue,
trimmed with ribbon beading, front gar- COLLAR and TAB.made of silk chlf- QIC MarliPf SfTPPt II O'FarrPlI StrPPf firt/Ws? lavender, black and yel-
ter attachments. Price.:...... f on -with .silk embroidered flowers. . OIO IVIdl IVKL OirtJCt. II U I Ul I CII OirCCl. *& .W low at ttd money-wtag
..^ .......$1.00 and 81. 5O Now ..:.......,...,.... 25c MATL ORDEBS SOLICITED. *8f V* store lOcSHIP BRAKE IS DESIGNED
for Crowded Waterway Use
TO PREVENT COLLISIONS
BHIP BRAKE RECENTLY TESTED BT THB CANADIAN GOVERNMENT
OX THE STEAMER EUREKA ON THB ST. LAWRENCE RIVBR AND
DIAGRAMS SHOWING THE WORKING OP TUB DEVICE. <
, Let no one scoff hereafter at the efficacy of prayer. An Ohio mob caught a Kentuckian the other
day and for reasons obviously just determined to lynch ; him. He was strung up: to. a tree, but was let
down again in response to his howl for a chance to pray. Twice: he '.was given this privilege and then
Deputy Sheriffs, rushing to the scene, saved him. When a Kentuckian may be saved by prayer there is a 1
chance left for anybody,
Oakland. has taken counsel with herself and decrees that henceforth no woman may be per
mitted in a saloon, as' her presence there is degrading to the sex she dishonors and disgusting to the
men she offends, borne of Oakland's advisers must 'have visited many of the San Francisco saloons and
revolted at their management under the new. police rules and regulations. If we can do no good for
ourselves we can help bur neighbors. (
Townsesd'c California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound, in artlstlo fire
etched boxes. A Rice present for Eastern
friends. ?1£ Market St.. above Call bid*. •
Dr. S. M. Babcock of the chair of agri
cultural chemistry of the University of
Wisconsin for twenty-five years has been
at work upon experiments to prove that
the elements all have a common origin,
and that their difference in atomic weight
is due to a difference in the amount and
kind of energy they possess.
+— *
Special Information supplied daily to
buelness booses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 10(1 * '
A SHIP BRAKE, as the name In
dicates, is Intended to check the
epeed of the vessel and lessen the
chances of collisions. Recent ex
periments have well demonstrated
Its efficiency and we may soon seo its
general adoption, especially for vessels
fclylrg on crowded waterways.
The Canadian Government a short time
-ago equipped one of Its vessels, the
steamer Eureka, with the brake shown in
the accompanying illustration, and very
satisfactory trials of its working were
made on the St. Lawrenoa River, near
Montreal.
Tbe steamer was driven ahead at an in
dicated speed of eleven knots an hour.
Then steain was shut off and simultane-'
ously the brake en each side opened. The
¦ vessel came to a full stop within a dis
tance equal to her own length. The
r brakes were then closed and the vessel
Bent ahead until the original speed was
again attained, when Eteam was shut off
and the brakes opened, with the result
that all headway ceased by the time sho
had gone half her length, or about fifty
leet
In maneuvering the Eureka at full
speed she was turned within her own
; length with one brake thrown open. An
examination of her hull and mechanism
after the tests showed no apparent harm
ful strain or other damage, and in ope
rating the brake no Jar or vibration was
observable by those on board.
This new form of brake, as will be seen
from the Illustration, is placed on the
eldes of the hull, and in its construction
and method of attachment to the ship re
sembles somewhat an ordinary rudder.
It extends downward from the extreme
load line of tho vessel to the bilge keel,
convenience of stowing and handling the
necessary area being secured by making
the brake relati'vely deep in proportion to
. Its width. The- "gate." as It Is called,
consists of a stout plate of steel, heavily
reinforced, which is hinged vertically to
the vessel, and normally, when not in use,
Is folded snugly against the side of the
ship. A. aeriea of heavy steel struts are
: plvotlcally attached to the back of the
gate near Its outer edge, and also to a
eeries of Eliding plates which are arranged
to more horizontally In covered ways,
built into the structure of the hull. When
the gate la folded forward against the
elde of the ship, the sliding plates are,
of course, at the forward end of the cov
ered ways, but as the gate Is released and
thrown open by the pressure of the
water as the ship travels forward, the
eliding plates travel backward in their
pockets and ¦congress tho water that li
contained within the covered ways. At
the rear end cf these ways la a number
of orifices, which allow the water to es
cape gradually as the gate In Opening
pushes the elides backward. The forward
edge cf the gate Is secured in place, when
the brake Is not in action, by a series of
catches arranged on a vortical shaft. The
rod on which the gate Is hinged Is pro
vided with a bevel gear by which the gate
may be started to open. The method of
operation Is as follows: When It Is de-
Elred to stoo the vessel suddenly, as in
the event of a collision, or when making
a landing, the catches that hold the for
ward ends of the gate are released, and
by means of the bevel gear the gate is
clighUy opened. The pressure of tho
water then catches on tho forward edge
of the gate, swings it out to the full-open
position, sudden jar or shock being pre
vented by raeans of the water cushions at
the back of the slices. The movement of
the brake can be controlled entirely either
from the bridge or from the engine room,
as may be desired.
• • • -
The system of posting and collecting
letters by electric tram? which has been
successfully tried in some of the northern
towns of Great Britain is being adopted
on the electric tramway system at Syd
ney, In New South Wales, but on a more
extensive scale. The schemo Includes the
erection of a Email clearance oSlce at one
of the important termini, and letters as
they are cleared will be sent off by mes
sengers to the general postofflce every
fifteen minutes. In this way. It is be
lieved, communication between the sub
urbs and the city will be greatly expe
dited, and this has certainly been the ex
*p«1«nce of those places which have
adopted the system In this country. It
is also proposed to arrange for boxes to
SAX PEDRO, Oct. 3. — The body of aa un
known num. supposed to be that of a sailor
who Is said to have disappeared from a bark
ly'.nor In this port several days aero, was dis
covered floating- In the bay this morntns.
7ft !% R. LANE is the only candidate who is personally girding at the other candidates for the
i\/i same °^ ce - e sees m t^ iem a J 0^ l ot °* s i mster » secret, dark and midnight purposes, inim-
I If 1 ical to the public welfare, and which can be carried out only by perjury and crime. In the
-*¦ ' ¦¦*¦ eye of his political mind he sees San Francisco as a political Sodom, in which he is the
one righteous and chosen man.
Mr. Lane is credited with sincerity, and therefore we are sorry that he feels so bad. Sincere
is a good word. It comes from sine cerum, without wax, and was applied by the Latins to pure
strained honey, with no bees' wax. Now we beg to assure^ Mr. Lane that he is not the only honey
in the hive. There be others without wax, and while his opponents may be much mistaken in having
views that he does not approve, they may be just as honest as he. It is not good form to rail at his
fellow-citizens. He may not ride that rail into office. The old world jogged along, and there was
seed time and harvest, marrying and giving in marriage, and equinox and solstice came in their sea
son, before he was born. States rose and fell, dynasties waxed and waned before he came mewling
and puking into the mix-up, and so things will go on after he has done office seeking and has gone to
institute reforms in the sphere of ineffable things. We are sorry that he thinks so badly of the world
and of the people in it, and that he has so poor an opinion of San Francisco, where he has surely been
treated with great kindness. Mayhap the horrid and abhorrent vision that he sees is due to a torpid
liver, and the direful conditions exist nowhere above his own midriff. 4
It is true that Mayor Schmitz fiddles a good deal, but he has not indulged in that pastime over
a general conflagration of the city. He has committed several excesses in the line of musical composi
tion, but there, is nothing absolutely criminal in his thoroughbass and counterpoint. No doubt the
city deserves and will get a less musical and more practical , Mayor, but there is no need to despair so
early in the game. As for Henry J. Crocker, he has gone up and down among us, with his hands
in his own pockets, a reputable business man, working for the gains he has gathered, and has not
invested a dime in a horn on which to trumpet his own virtues, or in a prize vocabulary in which to
decry others. Physically his ground plan and front elevation much resemble the dimensions of Mr.
Lane, and he has existed without the revenues of office. By force of his own qualities and by virtue of
his own exertions he is quite above financial temptation, and would no more touch a dirty dollar than
Mr. Lane would barter his vote for a belly full of steam beer/
It has been intimated that Mr. Lane thinks that Mayor Schmitz has a conspirator's complexion,
and moreover he does not like the way the Mayor wears his hair. Though it is pompadour, we must
insist that the Mayor does not wear his morals pompadour, and it is not fair for Mr. Lane, who does
not wear hair at all, to carry another man's hair into politics. \\*e hope that Mr.'Lane will think better
of his plan of campaign and admit that there may be a few honest men in this city besides himself,
for we want to think well of him, though not quite so well as he thinks of himself.
3ULR,. L-A-HSTE'S STYLE.
A Carlyle book that will raise no bitter
controversy is entitled "The Carlyle
Country, with a Study of Carlyle's Life,"
which J. M. Sloan, the author, has got
ready. The work deals with the Carlyles
in all their multiform relations to the
Carlyle country, and casts a valuable
light upon some of the complex problems
raised by Carlyle's earlier and later life.
The fill life of James McNelU WhlsUer,
tho artist, will not be ready for some time,
though Mr. Pennell Is busily engaged
upon it. But meantime a volume Is com
ing out which will be a study of his art.
The authors, Messrs. T. R. "Way and G.
R. Dennis, write from much knowledge
of "Whistler's methods. Mr. "Way knew
him for many years and was a welcome,
familiar figure in his studio. He is thus
able to speak in detail of the artistic
creed, as it may be called, which found
expression In Whistler's work. The book
will be enriched with many illustrations,
including come in color. It is expected to
be ready by, the end of October.
of this publishing eeason undoubt
delayed. If rumor Is well informed, the
advance orders for the book have been
remarkable. I believe they run Into thou
sands of copies. Only very occasionally
can that be said for an expensive work
running Into three volumes. This work
will, of course, determine the whole char
acter of the publishing season, for less
Important books will have to rest In its
shadow.
LDNDON, Oct. 8. — The great event
stone," so long promised, so often
John Morley's "Life of Glad
edly will' be the appearance of
PARIS, Oct. S.— -The French. President's
shooting parties begin this month and the
King of Italy will make one of the party.
A sporting writer, referring to the fre
quency of accidents since the season be
gan and evidently not Impressed with M.
Lo Tibet's skill as a sportsman, hopes he
will not shoot tho King accidentally.
Doubts Loooet's SkilL
Apart from the terror of a general elec
tion, prospects for the publishing season
would certainly be called good. By that
is meant that many attractive books are
promised and. If people are cot other
wise occupied, great numbers of them
ought to be bought. One, of course, can
go only by books -announced In estimat
ing the prospects of a publishing season.
The resignations of ChaxnberlaW.
Ritchie. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and
Lord George Hamilton, Under Secretary
of State for India, have struck a chill to
the hearts of publishers, for If there is
anything that they dread it is a general
election. Talking about the situation, a
well known publisher said:
"Bad trade Is bad for book publishing
becauso people have little money to spend.
War Is worse; but, among all our afflic
tions, I give the palm to a general elec
tion, which is the deuce Itself. Booksell
ers might as well chut tip shop and pub
lishers go golf playing. There is nothing
to do."
Str James Crtcbtoa Browne contributes
an Introduction. The book also contains
nearly a hundred Illustrations.
A new world's record for longr-dlstance
running was made by a passmger train
on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Sep
tember 6. A stretch of 123 miles was
covered in 125 minutes. The distance
traversed was between Chicago Junction,
Ohjo, and Garrett, Ind. During the run
a speed of eighty-five miles an hour was
reached. This was the maximum. Bursts
of speed at seventy and Beventy-flve miles
an hour were frequent. The train was
made uj> of five cars, pulled by a locomo
tive of tho new Atlantic type, weighing
177,000 pounds. It is the most powerful
style in the service at the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad. An extra large water
tank helped In this performance, caving
Btops for water.
• • •
It Is stated that in no other section of
the worjd is freight carried as cheaply
as by the railroads In tho United States.
Every clement by which the cost of
freight traffic can be reduced has been
considered and utilized by the big rail
way systems of tho United States untij
the cost per ton per mile has been re
duced to tha fourth decimal i>oint. But
not alone in the freight service has the
cost of train movement been reduced. Jji
the passenger department of the railroads
statistics can be found proving that a
citizen of the United States can travel
at less coat In this country than In any
Other. The average cost of a ticket per
mile in the United States is 2.1S cents.
The average cost of a ticket' in England
is 6l!ghtly more than 3.17 cents. The aver
age coat of a ticket per mile in France Is
8.27 cents, and the average cost of a
ticket in Germany per mile is 2.32 cents.
A berth on a sleeker from Paris to Rome,
901 miles, costs $12 75, while a berth from
Mew York to Chicago, 912 miles, costs $5.
The berth fare from Calais to Brincllsi,
1330 miles, is $22 25, while the berth fare
from Boston to St. Louis, 1330 miles is
16 DO.
A email specimen of radium was recent
ly put on exhibition at the American Mu
seum oi Natural History and has attract
ed wide attention. The epedmen weighs
about two grains and was shown in the
pern room on the fourth floor of the build
ing. The two grains cost about $300.
be put on cars running to the railway
station, so that letters too late for the
general mall at the postodce may be
posted on any car reaching: the station
before tho departure of the mall train.
There Is some difference of opinion at
present as to the rates to be paid by the
I'ostcClce for these privileges, but it is
hoped that a fair agreement may be come
to which win allow the schemo to be put
Into operation. .
ENGLAND'S GRBAT PREMIER, WHOSD LIFE, "WRITTEN BY JOHN
MORLEY AND BOON TO APPEAR. WILL, FURNISH THE EVENT OP
THE PUBLISHING SEASON IN LONDON.
The Cincinnati Enquirer has ample illustration of the results of municipal ownership in Ohio.
The towns of Columbus, -Toledo, Hamilton, Xenia, and many others in that State, find themselves
wallowing in a mire of debt and failure as the result of taking the advice of socialist enthusiasts and
going counter to Mr. Thornton's admirable statement of principle : "I am opposed to the intervention
of Government in any class of enterprises which. are in conflict with and opposition to private
undertakings." ' .¦
H HE letter of Mr. Crittenden' Thornton, declining a nomination given to him by the dty Demo
cratic convention, is a measure of the wide departure from its principles which the Democratic
party has taken within the last few years. A leader of the American socialists said that the
¦ *• . Democratic party v having become the instrument of their purposes, they were inclined to coal
esceHvith it, with the view of leading it further into their programme.
No two principles were originally wider apart than those of Jefferson and Fourier. Jefferson
believed in restricting the authority of government to its purely political functions. Truest has been
claimed that his advocacy of the common schools was socialistic. But jn reality it was due to his belief
that education should be purely secular and that, as the welfare of the state depended upon the intelli
gence of the citizens, it was the duty of the state to give the people a secular education in the common
schools. It is a far cry from secular education by the State to State ownership of all the sources of
profit and all the productive industries.
A recent writer on the socialistic policy of New Zealand, who highly approves of it, says that
the only activities left to individual enterprise are farming, navigation and limited manufacturing.- The
ambition of the people is not to engage in industrial enterprise, but to be employed by the Government
in its various ventures, including banking and insurance. The. system includes a civil pension, so that
the motive for personal thrift is withdrawn. The people use their political power to vote to themselves
wages and salaries as employes of the Government, and have lost the foresight which, by economy,
makes wise provision for the future, and so they live from day to day, expecting to exist on the Gov
ernment pension when they are superannuated.
The Democratic party seems to have entered upon the same policy here, and there is no reason
to doubt that, if adopted, it will lead to the. same result. Here and there a Democrat like Mr. Thorn
ton files a protest, but it has- but little present effect upon the new lights which are guiding the party.
The Cincinnati Enquirer, one of the oldest and strongest Democratic papers in the Central West, an
tagonizes the socialistic tendencies of the party. In a recent editorial that paper said: "In these days
when so many cheap politicians are howling merrily for Government ownership it is good, to print
again, and then again, the observations of so eminent an authority as Charles Francis Adams, who
has thoroughly investigated the question in Europe. In a letter to a Kansas City man he says: 'I can
only say that as the result of careful official investigation on my part I have never yet found in Europe
anywhere a case of municipal or public transportation worthy of an Instant's consideration as com
pared with our own. Whatever complaints you may make of it, private monopoly and all that, we
here in America do things in the transportation line which in Europe they do not even dream of, and
wherever Government lays its hand upon a line it becomes, in comparison with ours, paralyzed at once.
The municipal systems in use in Glasgow would lead to a riot within twenty-four hours if put in opera
tion in Kansas City. The' fact is, when it comes to handling private business, every Government is, in
my opinion, utterly incompetent, whether it is a water system, schools, railroads, telegraphs, postoffices
or what not. Every time private enterprise would do it four times as-well at about half the cost. Please
don't talk to me of doing business through Government machinery; it is one colossal exhibition of
waste, extravagance and incompetence.'
"The arguments in favor of Government ownership are generally specious, and are put forward
by enthusiasts who are unsound on nearly every public proposition. The republican form of govern
ment could not endure under such a system."
The Chicago Chronicle, another strong Democratic paper, takes the same ground, but seems
to be merely crying in the wilderness of socialism, in which the party is groping the way to its end.
The present city administration of San Francisco is in the hands of doctrinaires on the sub
ject of public ownership, and it is amazing that the Democratic platform impeaches that administra
tion of failure and incompetency in all of the essentials of government that are committed to it, and
yet insists that the city take the risk of committing to a like administration which may come in the
future the control of business investments made by the city and amounting to millions !
When the very reasonable- demand is made that such investments be safeguarded by making
the bonds issued in their behalf a lien upon them, and.-not upon the whole city, the organ of the Democr
racy insists that this reasonable security for honesty of administration be rejected, and the door of the
city treasury be .thrown wide open to any raid that a future city government may choose to make upon
the taxpayers, in carrying on a business which the same organ admits will be more costly than in
private hands. __
.A. -VSTIIDHS r>B3I 3 A.R,TXJK,H3.
THE SAN" FB AN CISCO OAIili, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . . . ¦ . . .'Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
SUNDAY ....;.. .............; .................OCTOBER 4, 1003
'Fub]ic-tion Office ..... P<1^^^^^ > Third and Slarkst Streets, S. P.
LIFE OF GREAT PREMIER
From Pen of John Morley
SOON TO BE PUBLISHED
30
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im-
mediately.
• This 6plendid premium will
hi offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
if ImP PLAYER on the market has as B
|| IN delicate a touch or as perfect control, h
Ib = Changes instantly from pianissimo to for- | *
11 1—-1 tissimo. Has every record made for other 1 1
|| machines, as well as many made for the i I
II Simplex only. Call at the store and be con- m
|| vmced. It maKes musicians oi us all. . £ i
El We are agents for the Bchr Sros. and SI
il Bavmeistcr Pianos, celebrated for tone and action. q 1
§§ \ CHEAPEST PLACE IN THE sjl
11 CITY FOR SHEET MUSIC fi|guard that will be most creditable and
many young: men who have military am
bition, •will be glad of the opportunity to
Join some branch of the service.
Tho report of Inspector Koster as to
the condition of tho National Guard of
this State proves what has been stated
on seVeral occasions in The Call— that the
guard since the Spanish-American war
has been in a decidedly demoralized con
dition. It Is barely possible that the crit
icisms may awaken the soldierly pride of
those whose duty it is to place the guard
on a good footing, but it will be a serious
task, for the reason that from the head
down there has been an Indifference that
has made those who should promote the
organization careless and but very- few
who are commissioned or who are in the
ranks have cared for many months past
to do anything more than Just what has
been absolutely necessary, to. enable each
organization to draw the State allowance.
Captain Thomas A. Nerney, command
ing the naval militia, has been placed on
the retired Hat at his own request and
goes on that list with rank of captain
from April 16. In special order the adju
tant general says: "Captain Nerney haa
served the State long and faithfully, both
in the National guard and in the militia,
SALT LAKE. Utah. Oct. 3. — aiabel Lillian
Russell, the six-year-old daughter of the presi
dent of the. Utah Rubber Company, waa
fatally burned this afternoon while playing
around a bonfire ln the yard.
Chinese Masons Oppose Board.
The California Chinese Free Masons'
Society sued for an injunction^ yesterday
restraining the Board of Health from
tearing down its building in Spofford al
ley. The society claims that the board
has never given It notice that alterations
or repairs to the building should be made
and that therefore Us demollshment
would be a violation of the society's con
stitutional rights.
Leila Arrington yesterday made an ap
plication for a writ of habeas corpus to
secure the custody of her son. Perry, who,
she says, Is unlawfully restrained of his
liberty by P. and Veto Faraci of 328
Green street. She claims that the Faracis
refuse to give up the boy, who is 3%
years old. on the strength of adoption
papers secuVed from Judge Murasky some
months ago. The petition claims the
adoption is Illegal because her consent
to the proceedings was not obtained.
Wants Custody of Her Son.
Ethel E. Besse. nee Forster. is the plain
tiff in a suit for divorce filed yesterday
against John G. Bcsse. to whom she was
married June 30. IDOL She charges him
wjth treating her in a cruel and inhu
man manner ever since their marriage.
She want* a divorce and permission to
resume her maiden name. Accordlnff to
her complaint, Besse has cursed her and
"beaten her on many occasions. Once. Bhe
«ays, he tore her clothes off. When he
"told her. ehe alleges, that he was tired
cf hex and did not desire to live with her
any longer ehe left him. . -;.— :..-,...... ---.'^j
Clara A, Potter, .who was married to
Walter S. Potter thirty years ago, wants
a" divorce on the ground of neglect. She
says he abandoned her ar.d their * two
. minor children in August, 1900. Neglect
"is also the ground on which Mary M.
Walsh Is seeking a separation from D. J.
Walsh. "They were married at Reno on
February 20. 1300.
Eva Lm. Stevens, who was married to
Patrick T. Stevens at Oakland twelve
years ago. asks for a divorce on the
groivid of desertion. She alleges that he
abandoned her more than a. year ago.
They have three children.
• Ar.nle B. Clement has only been the
wife of Georce B. Clement since April 3
last, but she is already tired of the bonds
that unite her to him. In a suit for the
.severance of their marriage ties she
charges him with cruelty, and says that
within a few weeks after her marriage
to -him at Seattle he began abusing her.
Sh* claims that on June 23 he stole $50
from 'her and decamped, remaining away
until June 23. He was intoxicated when
he came home, she says, and in response
to her . inquiry as to where he had been
he politely informed her that It was none
of her business, supplementing his re
mark with the assertion that 'he did not
propose to let any woman hold him
down.", On September 2, alleges Mrs.
Clement, he again disappeared, taking $12
with him. She says he returned six days
later iirjd was drunk and abusive. On
Seatember 29, she claims, he left her for
good.
Delia Whltf*alr wants a divorce from
Charles O. Whitehalr tx-cause, ehe claims,
he smokes a pipe in bed, expectorates on
the floor and is not overparticular as to
bathing. She says that he also refuses
" to speak to her for days at a time.
. , Suits for divorce were also filed by
• Eleanor WITliams against C. H. Williams
• for desertion. Intemperance and neglect;
G«orge Mayer against Mary C. Mayer for
desertion, Mary L. Walton against Rich-
rator a month to mak 9 & «tri» . w ,iv.
inches Ions and fire inches wide bI «
plained how ChantllTy lace is m Jl !«"
inches wide and then put together Th2
Spooner collection of laces he described
as noteworthy, and then on the subject
of old Honlton lace he aald that it has
a beautiful relief and Is considered the
most becoming of alL Point© d'Alceon
lace. h« added, la so rare that not more>
than three nieces have ever been offered
for sale ln San Francisco. The lecturo
waa very interesting and engrossed tha
closest attention of the many ladles ores
ent.
.Venture of Mrs. Ethel E.
Besse Proves Void of
Happiness.
Mrs. Mary A, Rolland, who Is the de
fendant in a suit for $420 for medical ser
vices rendered by Dr. J. Coplin Stinson.
and which was brought by Emil En
geltke, filed an answer to the suit yester
day. She denies that she owes Dr. Stin
eon anything, though admitting that he
operated upon her. She says he agreed
to cure her of partial deafness, but was
bo careless in treating her that Instead of
curing her he made her condition worse.
Claims Stinson Was Careless.
MATRIMONY ENDS
DREAM OF BLISS
Judge Kerrigan granted a divorce to
Pearl C. Morley from W. F. Morley for
desertion.
ard H. Walton for desertion and Jane
Hutchinson against Homer Hutchlnson for
cruelty.
PART II.
Overture, "Rienil" Wagner
Waltz, "Jolly Fellows" Vollstedt
"The Trumpeters of the Emperor".. .Vollstedt
"My Old Kentucky Home" (with varia
tions) Dalbey
"Reminiscences of Rossini" Godfrey
"America"
The audience is requested to arise and re
main standing during the rendition of this
number.
March. '"Tale of a Sea Shell" Lueders
Overture, "Stradella" Flotow
"Grand Polonaise de Concert".... Vldal
Duet, selection from "Tho Burgomaster"..
Lueders
"Schiller March" Meyerbeer
The Golden Gate Park Band, under the
leadership of Paul Steindorff, will render
the following selections at the concert to
be given in the park this afternoon:
PART I.
"Star-spangled Banner"
National anthem, U. S.. A.
Music in the Park.
Rivela was brought to this country as
leader of Ellery's Royal Italian Band and
In every city in which he appeared he
was given a series of ovations. He no
where paraded any eccentric actions ln
order to create enthusiasm, but devoted
all his energies to bringing before the
public the ability of the musicians under
his baton.
Plans have already been formulated for
Rivela to lead a picked band In the Inter
national competition that will be a fea
ture of the St. Louis Exposition next
year.
"California." he said, 'is to be my
home. It is so like Italy and the people
here are bo musical. They love music
here and that is one of the reasons I
shall ireside in California. Look at the
splendid treatment the .people here gave
to my friend, Mascagnl. The composer
will never forget the generosity of Cali
fornia. As to my plans for the future. I
Bhall organize a band of talented musicians
and intend to give a number of concerts
in San Francisco and on this coast. I
had a number of fine offers to locate In
New York, but I prefer California fpr
many reasons."
Rivela is looked upon as the coming con
ductor of the school of music in which
Mascagni. Leoncavello and Puccini are
prominent. He was born ln Salerno,
Italy, in 1S71 and was educated In Naples.
He was the leader of many bands in Italy
and won the first prize at the competi
tions held in Naples and Turin In 1898. At
the Turin competition he competed against
15C bands and won the coveted prize. The
King of Italy personally congratulated
him on his ability and made him a cheva
lier, decorating him with the insignia of
merit.
After a short wedding tour. Chevalier
Rivela and his bride journeyed to Califor
nia and arrived here a few days ago. They
took a charming flat at 3018 California
street and in this cozy nest music and
love hold sway.
Chevalier Rivela was seen yesterday
and admitted that he was a benedict, but
was surprised to find that his secret waa
known.
The young lady and her mother pro
ceeded to Kansas City, where Rivela was
playing, and the musician and the fair
Californian were wedded.
No inkling was given by the young lady
or the maestro that anything more than
an ordinary acquaintanceship existed be
tween them and their secret of mutual
affection was closely guarded.
Rivela went East with his musicians
and two months ago Miss Mills and her
mother informed their freinds that they
were going- to visit friends ln the Middle
West.
Rivela knew but little English, but Miss
Mills was conversant with the Italian,
language and the young couple were able
to discuss art and music
When Rivela was delighting thousands
at the Pavilion by the magic wield of
his baton he was introduced to Miss Net
tie Mills, a talented and beautiful Cali
fornian. Miss Mills, who resided with
her widowed mother in Oakland, was a
leader in musical circles in the city across
the bay and she was attracted by the
talents of the conductor.
When Rivela took San Francisco by
6torm he often declared that he was de
voted to his art and that "music was his
mate." Now Cupid has upset the calcu
lations of the leader and the heart of the
conductor and composer has been cap
tured. .
Chevalier Emillo Rivela. the gifted
leader of the Royal 'Italian Band, who
created a furore when he was heard at
the Pavilion last December, has returned
to San Francisco and is accompanied by a
beautiful bride. - .
Former Conductor of Italian
Musical Organization
to Locate Here.
Chevalier Emiho Rivela
Weds an Oakland
BAND LEADER
WINS A BRIDE
At the SeDtember meeting of the Co
rona Club held in Mission Masonic Hall
"Current Topics" was discussed by Mrs.
C. A. Brown: Mrs. E. Baget spoke on
"Things Political"; Miss Partridge spoke
on "Subjects Scientific"; Mrs. Alfred Mc-
Cuppough spoke on "The Lighter Vein";
Miss Morton crave & "Book Review of
the Pit"; "People of the Whirlpool" was
discussed by Anne Carznel; Miss L. Col
lins spoke of "Lady Rose's Daughter,"
and Mr». Mark Drummond on "Lovey
Mary" and "Mrs." Wlgg3 of, the Garden
Patch"; Miss Anna Jessup gave an amus
ing reading from "Mrs. Wiggs."
In addition to the above there were
vocal selections by Miss Nettville, one
of the numbers being "Calm as the
Night." M. Well lectured on laces, illus
trating his words with an exhibition of
beautiful specimens of the lacemaker's
art. He said that the history of old laces
runs down to the close of the eighteenth
century, laces being at their height in
the seventeenth century. He stated that
a collection of 1S3 pieces had' been sold
ft> the Metropolitan Museum for $100,000.
Copies of Genoese point.' one of the old
est laces now made In Le Puys, France;
of Macrame knotted lace, of filet and
cut laces, some of the earliest known,
were shown. He spoke of the edict of
Nantes which scattered the lacexnakers
all over Europe and of the laws which
forbade the importation of lace into Eng
land, also of the hardships of the lace
makers to introduce their wares Into that
territory and told of the schemes to smug
gle such into the country. He told of
the Pointe d'Angleterre lace and then
dwelt upon Venetian point as one of the
choicest and richest laces, although the
Machlin laces are the rarest, as much as
$140 a yard being paid for lace one inch
wide. He explained that it takes an ooe-
Colonel Wilheim. U. S. A., recently de
tailed by the War Department as inspec
tor of the' National Guard of the State of
California, ia an officer who has taken
great interest in v the State solditry and
who has a keen perception of the differ
ence between the dutieB of the citizen sol
dier and the soldier of the regular army.
While the same general rule applies to
both kinds oX soldiers, he fully appre
ciates that the same strict military disci
pline cannot .be -enforced in the case of
the. State soldiers as in that of the men
In the regular service. With that
knowledge he will do all that he can to
suggest Improvement of the guard of the
State It is probable that If his sugges
tions' are . acted upon the State in due
time -will, have -a guard that the citizens
can be proud of.
From the number of men that are dis
charged from the various organizations
ln the State "for the good of the service"
it would appear that there Is not suf
ficient care taken in the enlistment of
men It Is apparent that captains anx
ious to recruit up so as not to fall below
the minimum accept every man who says
he wants to enlist, irrespective of men r
tal condition 1 or moral standing, with the
result that undesirable men get into com
panies and men who" have a spark of re
spect for themselves retire by securing
discharge on the ground of removal, and
after a time the undesirable men being
found a detriment to the company, .' are
discharged "for the good of the service."
If 'the recruiting were conducted with
more care and , only desirable men ac
cepted, the enlistments would add
strength i instead of weakness to the or
ganizations. If , the captains will devote
attention to this very important matter
there .will be an improvement in the
CORONA CLUB ENTERTAINED
BY TALK ON LACB MAKING
One of the Reasons for
Demoralized State
of Soldiers.
MEN DISCHARGED
FROM THE GUARD
and fully deserves the honor of being
placed on the retired list."
Captain Nerney having retired, an elec
tion haa been called for the 17th Inst. to
elect his . successor. Commodore Bauer
Is the leading candidate for the position.
Phelps Squadron No. 12 of the United
States Veteran Navy will enjoy a clam
bake to-day, leaving the U. S. S. Marlon
at 9 o'clock ln the morning;. The party
will return at 5 ln the afternoon. The
regular monthly meeting and smoker of
that organization will be held on the Ma
rlon to-morrow evening. Before the
smoker several applications for member
ship will be acted upon.'
THE SAN FRAS CISCOv GALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
31
ADVERTISEMENTS. ',
YOUR SUCCESS
In life depends largely on your
health. Therefore, if you have
stomach trouble of any sort you
are badly handicapped. Get rid
of it at once by taking Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It has cured
thousands of other cases in the
past and certainly won't fail you.
It positively cures Dyspepsia, In-
digestion, Constipation, Belching,
Heartburn, or any other ailment
arising from a weak stomach.
Don't fail to try it. Good health
is sure to follow. .
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
ADVZBTISEUENTS.
A Novel Proposition
,' ADOPTED BY
Baron's Cloak and Suit House
'A Great Cloak and Suit Sale
Insteadof having reduction
sales after, the season, .we
are offering now. our. entire
line of new and assorted
At Greatly Reduced Prices
This MONDAY and TUESDAY
A special sale in fine Tailor Suits
is offered to the public.
The 1 $25 SUITS are offered at v $17.50
The $35 SUITS are offered at $27.50
The $55 SUITS are offered at $42.50
SPECIAL SALE IN SKIRTS
500 of the choicest Skirts
at surprisingly low prices.
The $10 SKIRTS, exclusive styles, $5.00
The SI 5 SKIRTS, exclusive styles, $9.50
The S25 SKIRTS, exclusive styles, $17.60
The $50 SKIRTS, exclusive styles, $37.50
The $75 SKIRTS, exclusive styles, $50.00
BAROWS CLOAK
AND SUIT HOUSE
760 Market St.
ft - * V ,C«A<h JL X»» ¦¦ ill Tl in X O.
NOW showing full lines of new Ta-
ble Linens, comprising the finest,
: . medium and substantial qualities in
new and handsome designs — piece
goods in all widths— Table Cloths in
all sizes with napkins to- match. Spe-
. ' cial attention is called to large varieties
of goods for everyday wear. $
¦ Table Cloths
2x2 yards .$2.00 each
2 x 2\ yards 2.50 each
2x3 yards 3.00 each
24-inch Napkins to match ...... 3.00 doz.
Table ClothS—heavy quality .
2x2 yards $2.40 each
2x21 yards 3.00 each
2x3 yards ..„.. 3.60 each
Also larger sizes with heavy 24-in.
Napkins to match 3.50 doz.
Table Cloths of fine Domible
2x2 yards $3.00 each
2 x 2} yards 3.75 each
2x3 yards 4.50 each
Also larger sizes with Napkins to
match 4.50 doz.
72- inch Table Damask, fine .$1.00 per yard
72-inch Table Damask, heavy..... 1. 10 per yard
. Heavy Hemmed Huck Towels 25c each
Fine Hemstitched Huck Towels 25c each
;¦; Bath Towels, large and heavy .... 25c each
/ Cor.Post&Kearny 5ts.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ,
'!The Credit House," 233, 235, 237 Post St.
SIX STORIES AND A SIX- MlTfeVt/ IF" AI\ T»TY FURNITURE IS ART WORK
STORY ANNEX-OUR FUR- IYU T V LL.AiJ 1 11/ WEcl^CHolkN^H
NITURE HOUSE--THE BIQ, _ _ _. . . . MUTT
QEST FURNITURE HOUSE i~ }£ 1 |~ II Wfi £ft f%J HAVE VALUE, STABILITY,
IN SAN FRANCISCO. ¦ I % B BL. IL/ I T B rk I -X O* COMFORT AND Q RACE.
The world that, lived by fighting is building homes. Our share of the work is to make
the path of the home seeker an easy one. We have six immense floors for our furniture
department. We have the best furniture and the lowest prices.
A Rare Old Louis XIV Parlor, Set, wonderfully carved in solid f\S\
dark mahogany and covered with the costliest silk: Price, <JB Ht \J\9»\t\9
JBw______W A HUNDRED PATTERNS
MMkidf^^^^ '¦ THE MOST COMPLETE 6 W&££^%&£$1 OF WEATHERED OAK OLD
mMMw0S LlNE 0F mo rris chairs lili^iiP^ia mission and old dutch
f^^^^^m YOU WILL PIND, RANGING ROCKERS. CLOCKS,
rROfA $5 T0 $ 5aoa W^^^Q CHAIRS AND DIVANS.
finish. A great i^^^M^B^
ttMiF =HH?r Jpiiil SsSSss
fiM •.!«««, *r* m ..,h:»h *« %i£i$4 vSr^^svS dized nails; the wood of
/M \4 *&- cushions from which to v«^ot xl2>—^ ibM •»-« » n^«^ ~
\&/ \p\ . F . hJ . >cV Nr3 solid pieces, mortised and
— wa cnoosc. ror inis ueeK bolted with wooden pins.
<£&&& ' ' |rapr^j|& HALF. OF ONE FLOOR IN
ENOUGH STYLES IN MWV MB DRESSERS. A BEAUTIFUL
5?fi®iJiiP|^ TABOURETTES TO MAKE mWW wWm Lll^ E 0F CHEVAL, LOUIS
%^^^^^^ A FASHION BOOK. FROM \w *>;% S XIV AN - D PAINTY PRIN-
Jgy|aBfife||g* THE ORIGINAL TURKISH k '. &J \ CESS DRESSERS AND
TO THE LATEST HEXAG- #|>^^w|\ DRESSING TABLES.
\k 1 tl ww * These weathered oak thc furn5turc maker's
\^ 1 W Ml tabourettes, to grace a M^^^M^^^^^i artwithserpentlnefront.
Wl 1 /m $j cozy corncr or case an S^^«^^^^^fe^5 daintily turned uprights
n I if M awkward space. Tabour- M \^ : l and large, well poised
f*J I li ll ettcs ln the plain ' uscful Frcncn P !atc S |ass « In
// I 1\ for smal1 tea tabIes or M/^B^^^^^^^i Coldcn Oak * Mahogany or
if ,~~ l| %^ ornamental for Jardln- Blrch * Chiffoniers to
.ffl ieres. Special for the |ljJ^^22^s2£*^|pS f match. Special for this
\m week, 65c. i3 week, $27.50.
/ fr in - "
A T> V KRTTHT?/r^Tyrg_
a Kidney and }^fli| I
H ONE BOTTLE CURES. ll
H . Chicago, III.. April S. 1335. tl
g Mr. W. F. McBurney. Los An- ¦
\ geles. Cal. — Dear Sir: It affords If
U me pleasure to testify to the ef- ll
a Qcacy of your XlOntjr and Blafl- ||
9 dar Cnr*. I have been troubled M
m with my kidneys and bladder for ¦§
<| over four years. I have been Eg
j treated by the best physicians of C
1 this city during: that time. (I U
j mention two who stand at tho if
il head of the profession. yIx. Dr. C |]
* A. Purdy and Dr. Frank Walla, |]
8 the latter being my son.) I re- Bf
tl gret to say they die} me no good. Ef
I I was advised to spend the winter H
(1 in your glorious climate and try fl
tl the ocean baths. I visited Can ll
¦ • Diego. Santa Monies, and Santa U
H Barbara, but received only tern- £|
3 porary relief from «e baths. On f
B the night I left home I got a m
H bottle of your medicine. The first i
<j dose did me good, and I was well I
j when I reached home, and I can fl
a say ln conclusion that I am grate- a
4 f ul to you. If this letter is of t
J any use to you. use it. si
g THOS. WALLS. if
¦W Send 23c for first day's treatment 1
I and ret relief tn twenty minutea. Mo I
H Burner's Kidney and Bladder Cur* I
[I Prepaid. $1.50. 22« S. Spring St. Los I
N Act-ales. Cal. All Druggists. j
H #. F. KfiBURNFY 226 S. Sprini St.
p LOS A50HS3, CAL. 11 Qng^.iU. I
iiDVERTISEMENTS.
"I write to let 700 know how I »ppr«ciite you
Cascarets. I commenced taking them lait Novem-
ber and took two ten cent boxei and pasted a taps-
worm 14 ft. Ions. Then I commenced talcing them
acaln and Wednetday, April 4th. I passed another
tap* worm 28 ft. long and orer ¦ thousand small
worms. Prerioua to my taklne CascareU 1 didn't
know I had a tape-worm. 1 always had a small
appetite." '
Win. F. Brown, 18* Frankllh St.. Brooklyn, N. T.
M vLJjJb? The Bowels ji
'^¦A^. CANDY CATHARTIC
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent, Taste Good. Do Good,
Nerer Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c, 25c, 50c. Never
¦old in balk. The genuine tablet stamped C C O.
Guaranteed to care or your money back. . •
• " Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 594
ANNUAL SALE, TEH MILLION BOXESLocal amateur musicians of both sexes
are organizing a symphony orchestra of
150 pieces for mutual Improvement and
recreation. Meredith Sawyer, an amateur
violinist of some prominence, is secretary
of the organization, and reports that the
applications' for membership will reach the
limit within a few day.
Amateur Orchestra Organizing.
Each man was viewed favorably by the
Board of Prison Directors.' Finally, how
ever, the experience gained by Standley
as an official in handling criminals threw
the balance to his side and a majority of
the board now favors hi* candidacy- 1
Standley is • known as ' one of the most
expert and" unrelenting thelftakers in the
State of California. He has taken part in
many of the notable man', hunts that have
made- the criminal history of . California
famous - and has always -'borne a "gallant
part. ' In 1896 he was severely wounded by.
a bandit he was pursuing. Wells, Fargo
& Co. \ who have often employed Stand*
ley's services -in tracking "down robbers,
threw all its Influence ' in his favor for
the Wardenship of Folsom. The candi
date is a Democrat lh politics and by cus
tom ' the place belongs to a Democrat,
Warden Tompklns of San Quentin being
a Republican. f
The selection was made by the process
of elimination. ' There were numerous
candidates for the place in view of the
fact that Warden Wilkinson could not be
expected to succeed himself. The direc
tors canvassed ' the list thoroughly and
gave full consideration to the claims of
tho various aspirants. They were anxious,
above all things, to secure the services
of a competent man.
' Finally the race narrowed down to a
contest between Sheriff TJ. S/ Gregory of
Amador County, ex-Sheriff J. M. Stand
ley of Mendoclno County and T. J. Fallon,
Treasurer of Marln County. Gregory was
warmly championed by Prison Director
Don Ray and for a time his chances ap
peared promising. Then, despite the sup
port of Director Ray, he was eliminated
from the race and Fallon and Standley
remained. -",';- 5 I
When the Board, of Prison Directors
meets, on November 10 the appointment of
a new . Warden of Folsom penitentiary
will be one of the main subjects of con
sideration. It has been definitely deter
mined that the office shall go to J. M.
Standley, ex-Sheriff of Mendoclno Coun
ty, whose home is in TJkiah. While the
appointment may not be announced at
the next meeting of the board, it Is known
that a majority of that boQy favors him
for the position. ivit \
Long Experience as Thief
taker Weighs Heavily
in His Favor.
.... % . •
Prison Directors Favor
Him as Successor
of Wilkinson.
STANDLEY WILL
BE NEW WARDEN
All skin complaints quickly succumb to
the use of Koenigstein's Red Salve." •
Sixteen corporals in the Police Depart
ment took the : civil . service examination
for promotion to sergeant yesterday. The
questions concerned general knowledge of
duties and arithmetic and the writing of
reports : **'5SSSS8SSi£? i '•*'
Corporals Seek Promotion.
Frank Brutenbach was ' arrested on
Montgomery street on Friday for begging.
When he was refused I coin he ' used of
fensive language.- He was . convicted : by
Police Judge Mogan yesterday * and < sen
tenced to serve ninety days in the County
Jail. He made the plea that he.. was drunk
and did not know what he was doing. ..
Insolent Beggar Punished.
Otto Lemcke, a Deputy Sheriff, went, to
1147& Howard street on Friday night, to
serve a summons. A man came to the
door and when he was Informed of
Lemcke's desire he set upon Lemcke and
beat him severely. The summons was not
served and Lemcke does not*** know
whether his assailant ' was the man
wanted, so he procured, a- warrant ; from
Police Judge Fritz yesterday for the ar
rest of "John Doe" on a charge of bat
tery. / . . \ . > . • . ; ;
Deputy Sheriff Beaten.
•Dodge, Sweeney & Co. filed a libel yes
terday In the United States District Court
against the bark Jacobsen to recover. $219
damages alleged to have been sustained
through the damage of 232 sacks of salt
shipped from Liverpool to San Francisco
by reason of improper stowage. In the
same court the Risdon Iron and Locomo
tive Works filed a libel against the steam
er Mlnnetonka to recover $19,754 79 alleged
to be due for repairs. The Minnetonka
was libeled Just as she was about to sail.-
A bond was given and the vessel was al
lowed to proceed. ¦
Admiralty Cases.
Death of Dr. Carpenter.
Dr. George Carpenter died early yester
day morninp at hi 3 residence, 1422 Post
street. Hfi had been ailing but a few
days and it was not believed that hfa
Illness was serious. He was SO years old
and a native of Indiana.
The Merchants' Association filed a pe
tition with th© Board of Supervisors yes
terday requesting permission to build an
other safety station similar to the one in
front of Lotta's fountain at the Junction
of Powell, Market and Eddy streets.
Wants to Build Safety Station.
By our work* xre are known. Good printing
payt you. Myiell-Rolllns. 22 Clay, printers. •
Retfaccd rates oa household gooda to A from
tb« East & Eouth. Bekln'a. IX ,Hontgt3taery. •
Philip Raidy. a well known thief, was
arrested at Commercial and Montgomery
streets yesterday by Detectives O'Dea and
Mulcahy and locked up in "the tanks."
He had In his possession a horse blanket
which he had evidently stolen.and the of
ficers would like to find the owner
"Want Owner for Blanket.
Six young men were arrested 'early.yes
terday morning by Policemen Murphy .and
Pearl and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of petty larceny. Their names are'
Henry Crane, Frank Holland, Charles
Reeves, Thomas Richie, Thomas Maloney
and Frank Lee. The officers had been
watching three of them for nearly two
hours and about 2 o'clock Crane was seen
to take off his coat in front of the Tono
pah saloon, 777 Market street, and hand it
to Holland, who wrapped it around a
nlckel-in-the-slot machine used at the
cigar stand and walk away with the
machine. They appeared before . Police
Judge Mogan yesterday and the case was
continued till to-morrow. It was shown
that Richie, Maloney and Lee had noth
ing to do with ,the others, but they were
asked to bring witnesses as to character
to-morrow.
Steal a Slot Machine.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. SOc flask. Richard & Co.. 400 Clay. •
That special certificates of the high school
grade be issued to the following on the record
of the special examlnatlc4i held September 21,
1903: Stenography and typewriting,' Lester S.
Meld tod; bookkeeping, stenography and type
writing, Oscar C. Wlllard; mechanical drawing.
Donald H. Fry. Henry, L. Detrick; manual
training. Ross J. Brower; bookkeeping. Bessie
G. Bowles. ..', J ¦
Permanent grammar school: Miss Emma G.
Sullivan. Miss Belle Millhone, Miss Rose Me-
Keon. Miss Elizabeth J. Glllen.
Grammar school: Miss Josephine White and
L. C. Traugh.
The following teachers' certificates were
granted: *
High school certificate renewed: Miss Anna
G. Duffy.-
Grammar school certificate renewed: Mrs.
A. J. C. Llndeman (nee Coleman). .
• Special certificates renewed: Cookery, Miss
Mary E. Tillman; bookkeeping. ' Miss A. Cas
amajou; stenography and typewriting. • Miss A
F. Qulnn. Miss Agnes C. Wynne.
Permanent high school: Miss Evelyn D.
Armer.
The board appointed Larry J. Welch to
be concrete Inspector at the Noe Valley
School building, which is now in process
of completion.
Bills aggregating $6500 were passed by
the board, the total demands for Septem
ber being within the one-twelfth of the
appropriation, as required by the charter.
TEACHERS' CERTIFICATES.
It was resolved that the following trans
fers be made: Mrs. M. Demmlck, from
Winfleld Scott to Fremont, new class;
Mrs. J. Kennedy, from Emerson to "Win
field Scott
The board fixed the winter vacation for
the public schools from December 18, 1903,
to January 11, 1904, an extension of ono
week to the usual period being deemed
advisable in view of th© fact that the
Teachers' Institute and th© California
State Teachers' Association will meet at
the end of this year, and the teachers will
be deprived of a portion of their vaca
tions.
Miss I* Gillesple, who returned from a
leave of absence, was assigned to the
Spring Valley School, and Miss Ella Mc-
Neeley to the Laguna Honda School. «
MORE ASSIGNMENTS.
The Board of Education yesterday
formed five new classes In as many
schools to relieve congested attendance
and assigned fifteen teachers to perma
nent positions in th© department. The
new classes are to be In the Wlnfleld
Scott, Sherman, Dudley Stone, Sutro and
Garneld schools.
The board will also establish a new
class in the Lafayette School, and for
that purpose ordered the establishment
of two portable schoolhouses to be used In
conjunction with the school. On© of the
portable schools will be utilized Instead of
a rented classroom, and the other to ac
commodate the pupils In a new class.
The assignments from the substitute list
were as follows:
Miss Alice Curley to Douglass, Miss Eliza
beth McCall to Starr King, Miss Lillian Pres
ton to Sherman, new class: Miss Annie Smul
len to Sutro, new class; Mrs. I. M. Reynolds
to ' Ludley Stone, new class, during leave of
Miss Susie H. Earle; Miss Katherine Foley to
Starr King. Miss Esther Rhine to John Swett.
Miss Elsie Hart to Pacific Heights, during
leave of Miss M. I. Geary; Mrs. Mildred Thom
as to Emerson, Miss Emma Haas to Oartleld,
new class; Miss Janette McDevitt to Irving,
Miss Clara R. Weaterman to Buena Vista.
School Board Assigns
Fifteen Teachers to
Positiona
The second annual exhibition . of ' the
San Francisco Architectural Club . came
to a close yesterday at the Mechanics'
Institute and the members of ¦ the -club
met in the evening at' a banquet held at
a downtown restaurant. ..... .
The exhibition of designs has. been wit
nessed by many hundreds of people dBr
lng the week it was open and. the archi
tects have been congratulated - on their
efforts to educate along artistic lines.
The club was formed two years ago' and
is composed of draughtsmen -and .young
architects. The members have followed
on the lines laid down by' similar organ
izations in large American cities and they
are likely, to fill a valuable- place- in the
upbuilding of the greater. San - Francisco.
Young Architects Display Drawings
That Meet- With General < .
Approval.
EXHIBITION OF DESIGNS
SUCCESSFULLY TERMINATES
ESTABLISHES
NEW CLASSES
Kerr is a son of Matthew Kerr, a liquor
dealer of this city. The news of his un
timely demise will be received with sin
cere sorrow by his many friends. At the
time of his death Kerr was SO years of
age. His remains will be interred in Holy
Cross Cemetery to-morrow. Special ser
vices will be held in the parish church.
"Joe" Kerr, as he was known among his
numerous friends, was employed In th©
Ferry saloon. He was always genial and
was generous to a fault, Kerr was an ex
pert dog fancier and prepared many win
ners for the bench show. He was an au
thority on fox-terriers and always had
thoroughbreds in his kennel.
Joseph Kerr, a very popular young man
of this city, passed away yesterday morn
ing at his home, 717 Webster street.
Death was due to Brlght's disease. He
had been ailing for the last month, and
although given the most expert medical
attendance, he succumbed to the dread
malady. Kerr leaves a wife and .two
children to mourn his loss.
Joseph Kerr Passes Away at His
Home After a Month's
Illness.
DEATH CARRIES OFF
POPULAR YOUNG MAN
Naturally the withdrawal of so great
a number of members has considerably
handicapped the society 'in the perform
ance of its good work, but the officers
elected yesterday intend taking quick
Fteps toward building up the membership
by showing the great amount of work
that EtlH remains to be done.
The meeting was called to order by
Mrs. John F. Merrill, after which reports
Were read by the secretary and treas
urer. The meeting was held for th© pur
pose of electing a new board of officers.
"The following selections were made: Mrs.
John F. Merrill, president; Miss Anna
Beaver, first vice president; Mrs. I. Low
enberg, second vice president; Mrs. F. G.
Sanbcrn, third vice president; Mrs. J. C.
Clark, fourth vice president; Mrs. Thur
lov .acMullln. recording secretary; Mrs.
Charles W. Slack, corresponding secre
tary; TTCllard B. Harrington, treasurer.
The advisory board remains the same as
last year, with the addition of General
Arthur MacArthur and Colonel Greenleaf.
The secretary's report showed that the
membership during the Spanish war was
11,000, while at the present time the so
ciety has but 400 members, and at yes
terday's meeting but $77 was turned
Into the treasury.
Th© cixtb annual meeting of the Red
Cross Society cf San Francisco was held
yesterday morning in the parlors cf the
Sorosis Club on California street.
Newly Elected Officers Will Make Ef
. fort to Increase Society's
Membership.
LADIES OF RED CROSS
HOLD ANNUAL MEETING
Edward M. Coffey a statistician of the
Department of Public Health, yesterday
submitted to the Health Board the * fol
lowing report of births n.nd deaths regis
tered for the month ' : of September:
Births registered. ; 836. ' eau».1> to a • rate jjf
15.68 per 1000 per annum, as.Bgalnsr BOO for
September. 1002. - .
Deaths registered, 650, equal to a rate of
1S.35 • per ' 1000 per annum.- - Deducting H from
this number 64 deaths under the heading of
"violent," leaves 405 to be credited to all-nat
ural causes, equal to a rate of 14.48 per 1000.
For the corresponding month, of .last year 678
deaths were registered, with a rate of 19.12
per 1000. . ¦ • - . ¦ • • •"
The deaths registered -were classified as, fol
lows- By sex— Male, 340; female,' 219. 'By
social condition — Single. .304: . married, . 161 :
widowed 7S; divorced. 6: unascertained, S.
By race — Caucasian, 625; Monogllan, 27: Jap
anese. 2; African, 5. By nativities— Pacluc
Coaat, 222: other Stares, 101; foreign. 225; un
ascertained. 11. By ages— 100 were under 1
vear of age. 36 from 1 to 5, 23 from 5 to 20.
112 from 20 to 40. 139 from 40 to 60 r 122 from
60 to SO, 21 from SO to 90 and 1 between 90
and 100 years. ¦ ¦ ¦ -.. '* ; '•
Forty-nine died in the City and County Hos
pital, 7 In the Almshouse, IS In the Emergency
hospitals. 1 In the. bay and 3 in Golden Gate
Park, 145 In the various' hospitals,, etc., leav
ing 338 to be distributed throughout tho"t:ity
at large. ' - ' ¦ .
6ome of the principal causes of death were:
Pulmonary tuberculosis 61;
other forms, 17; diseases of heart. 61; of di
gestive system. 49; cancer (all. varieties), 87;
pneumonia, 34; nephritis (Bright's disease), 31;
cirrhosis of liver, 18; senility (old age), IS;
septic; dl£«aees, 12; cerebral apoplexy. 12;
whoqjilng cough, 10; alcoholism. 10; cholera In-
fantum. 7: diphtheria, 6; typhoid fever, 6:
scarlet ferer, 1; violent deaths. 64. Under this
latter heading are Included deaths from "mis-'
adventure and negligence,'.' as follows:.: Shock
following operation, 7;' gas asphyxiation, fl;
burns, 3; falls, 9; other causes, 15. Total,
40. Homicides, 2. Suicides— By cutting, 2J
flrearme, 7; gas, 7; Jumping from cliff, 1; bi
chloride of n-.ercury, .1;. carbolic 'acid, "8;. cya
nide of rota? slum. 1. Total. 22.
Statistician Coffey Files Report of
Births and Deaths With v
Health Board. ;>
VITAL STATISTICS FOB
MONTH OF. SEPTEMBER
Frank *C. Deyae of Mehdodno County
secured ] a j decree of divorce from Annie
Deyo© In the" Superior, Court. He asked
that the order be mad© final without fur
ther delay. His petition was > denied : and
he. appealed' to' the Supreme Court' for a
writ of mandamus to compel th© Judge to
comply with, tilg' desires. In this way the
case .was advanced much more rapidly
than - by ordinary procedure. Th© Su
preme. Court* has considered and rendered
an..oplnlon'^on the "matter .within three
months.- . ¦ : . '¦-- V:' . • ;
PROVIDES AGAOTST EVASION.
The "interlocutory decree" 'divorce law
owes Its existence to the fact that the
publio had discovered a. way: of evading
the previous enactments." The old law
would not permit divorced .persons to
marry In this State for a. yeai\ after the
granting of a decree. People who wished
to-be married again Inside the time limit
took the. train to Reno, Nev., and had the
ceremony performed there. The Supreme
Court in the estate of Wood; held that
euch marriages were valid. The last Leg
islature was then i asked ( to , formulate a
statute^ which "would make, such evasions
of-the law impossible. . The/blll : passed in
accordance with, this purpose . provided
that decrees of divorce should not go into
effect until a year, from . the tlm© of Judg
ment. This, of , course, did away ' with
Reno" marriages "within the- specified pe
riod. , v ...' ¦:? , ' , - r v',./- ; -:./ ; --:
. ¦ The principal argument against the new
law. was that It was class legislation. The
Supreme Court says. that It certainly Is a
special law regulating th© practice of the
courts, but holds:that It Is not on that
account unconstitutional. It, is declared
to be the' right of the Legislature to reg
ulate marriages and divorces. A measure
which gives an . opportunity for a recon
ciliation between a husband and wife who
may be'separated is h,eld to be In perfect
accord. with the constitution.'
FINDS NO TECHNICAL ERROR.
¦ The appellant contends that the subject
of th© act Is not expressed In the title;
Telying on the , Supreme .Court decision
which - invalidated .the codes nearly three
years ago. : The Justices assert that the
subject is properly expressed In the title. .;
The third and last argument of the ap
pellant is that the new divorce law should
This.. means jtfso that there can be no
Reno marriages within th© tlm© specified.
The' "Interlocutory decree" divorce law
was approved March 2, 1903. Immediately
thereafter.. there were many denunciations
of it. as class legislation. Superior Judges
of San Francisco and of several other
counties In th© Stat© declared that the
provision . was . unconstitutional. n It was
decided by th© legal fraternity to bring a
test case/ before the Supreme Court as
soon' as possible,', \
The> various ¦; Superior Judges of the
State * who" have recently declared that
the , '"Interlocutory decree" divorce' law
passed by the. last Legislature was un
constitutional ar« mistaken, and th© nu
merous people who went through wedding
ceremonies relying on such decisions are
riot legally married, according to an opin
ion" rendered by the seven Justices of the
Supreme Court yesterdaj'. Divorces can
not b© made absolute until a year from
the time- of the rendering of theldeeree.
Superior Judges Err and Those Who
• Acted in Accordance With Their
Decisions Are in Awk
ward Position.
Enactment Conflicts in No
; / Way. With Spirit of ;^
Constitution.
The funded debt amounts to $250,000, less
sinking fund of $244,703 79, leaving a net
funded debt of. $5291 2L The total money
on hand in the city treasury is $1,025,644 75,
in addition to $52,6S7 68 belonging to the
State. The amount of revenue from tax
ation for city ; purposes is $4,607,112 SO and
from other sources $1,610,000. The revenue
for State purposes Is $3,062,310 76. The to
tal revenue from assessment of railroads,
by the State Board of Equalization Is
12261 62. .
Park reservations and public squares and
Improvements, $13,000,000; Fire Department
lots and Improvements, apparatus and furni
ture, .$1,791,000: Police department lota. Im
provement* and furniture. S140.000; flre alarm
and police telejraph. apparatUB and under
ground system, $200,000; City Hall. Hall of
Justice, county Jails, hospitals, Almhouse, lots
and Improvements, $7,310,000; cemetery, reser
vation, $580,000; sundry lots, $275,000;.'Chan
nel-street- lots, from Ninth to Eighteenth
street," $110,000; school . lots, improvements,
libraries, etc., $5,600,000.
The resolution showing the financial
condition of. the city and county of San
Francisco will be presented to the Board
of Supervisors at to-morrow's meeting.
It shows that the city owns property.-,val
ued, at $29,106,000, subdivided as follows:
Shows the Net Funded Debt
of Municipality Is but
$5291 21.
Supreme Court Sustains
Greatly Derided
Measure.
Report Ready for Pre
sentation to Board of
Supervisors.
NEW DIVORCE
LAW IS HELD
TO BE VALID
CITY'S FINANCES
IN GOOD SHAPE
THE SAN FBAJSTCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
have been incorporated in the Cod© of
Civil Precedure "instead of in the Civil
Code, hence from its alleged wrong posi
tion is Invalid. The tribunal does not at
tach any weight to this argument and
gives it little consideration.
In closing the Supreme Court says: "An
act oft the Legislature should not be- de
clared unconstitutional by the courts un
less it Is clearly apparent that tho act is
vlolatlve of some provision of the consti
tution. Where there Is a reasonable doubt
as td the validity of tho act lts^constltu
tlonality should be affirmed. The petition
Is denied and the proceeding is dismissed."
The opinion is written. by Judge Angel
lotti, with whom all the other members
of the court directly concur.
The court also decided yesterday in the
case of the: estate of Henry K. "Winches
ter that legacies left to the offspring of
an adopted child of deceased are not sub
ject to the collateral inheritance- tax. The
four, children of Laura Evans were given
property by th© will of Winchester, who
had adopted their mother. : Th© Judge of
the lower court attempted to impose the
collateral Inheritance tax, and an appeal
was taken, resulting In victory for the
legatees. ;
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & Masonic av.*
32
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STYLISH WAISTS
The unznatchable individuality of the Majjnln exclusive
styles are recognized by all fashionable women. This sea-
son's newest effects in numerous modifications of trim-
mings are here in great variety, embracing effective de-
signs of our own reliable make and choice conceits from
Paris
The principal materials are gun metal silks, fancy
warped silks, crepe de chine, peau de chine, silk chiffon,
wool crepe, albatross, nun's veiling, French flannel, alpaca,
cashmere arid veloter.
LADIES' WAISTS of all-wool twilled flannel: tucked
vokc; effectively trimmed with feather stitchine: ( fancv col-
lar; shades of brown, red, navy and black: C^ *"7C
sizes 34 to 4-4 »pCi» t kJ
LADIES' WAISTS of good quality alpaca: lined
throughout: effectively tucked and ornamented tf 5 f\f\
with fancv buttons: skes 34 to 44; black only.. »PflJ»vV/
LADIES' WAISTS of pcau de cygne; yoke, sleeves
and back effectively tucked; center plait and collar fin-
ished with silk crocheted ornaments: colors. helio-
trope, light blue, pink and black; sizes fl*C /jA
"LADIES' SACQUES and ROBES
Our stock now comprises an extraordinarily large va-
riety of house garments, consisting of Sacques. < Robes^
Negligees. Nightingales, Kimonas and Bath Robes.
LADIES' SACQUES of all-wool rippled eiderdown—
$1.00 $1.25 and upward
LADIES' ROBES of all-wool rippled eiderdown—
$3.50 $4.50 and upward
LADIES' BATH ROBES, made of Dr. K/ieipp's san-
itary Terry cloth; kimona sleeves; all-wool cord
and tassel; in numerous striped effects: fl*C f\f\
all sizes $D.\JU
LADIES' BLANKET ROBES, made of heavy, all-
wool German flannel of novel Persian design: in a vast
variety of colorings; cord and tassel at waist: sailor
collar; deep turn-over cuffs; an ideal garment tf'T CA
for cold weather 4$ ( •D\J
Also a line of Sacques made of all-wool French flan-
nel. $2.50 and upward; Negligees and Nightingales,
made of French flannel, crepe and albatross: some with
accordeon-plaited body and trimmed with lace and inser-
tion: others trimmed with fancy braid, fagoting, tucking
and ribbon — $5.5O, $7.85 and upward.
INFANTS' WEAR DEPT.
Special attention is directed to our line of IN-
FANTS' HAND-MADE OUTFITS— an assortment
unequaled elsewhere.
The popularity of the "ARNOLD" goods and "DR.
, k GROSVENOR'S GERTRUDE GARMENTS" is uni-
versallv known. We are exclusive Pacific Coast
agents for them, and having secured the services of
Mrs. M. H. Ober. who formerly was dealer in these
goods, we are now fully able to demonstrate the excep-
tionally good features of the goods to our patrons.
918-922 Market Street.
Our new Fall end Winter *
Catalogrue will be sent free to
out-of-town customers.
/ ADVEBTISrTTyTETJTS. _
UnJuoO UUUl/D
Special Display of Imported Camel's Hair
and Zibeline Novelties This Week.
. a 48-INCH FRENCH ZIBELINE.' These we
C: ¦ Qfc haYe onlB ln Gol(len Brow^j Tan i
tre 1 f f! / Myrtle, Nairn and Seal ,• nave a nigh
Xf I lh w lustrous finish and long camel's hair
yard. ) effectSl
(b'-f Ef% \ 50-INCH FRENCH ZIBELINE, teo-tnned
llu *1 1 1 I anl illuminated colorings. These are
l|r IivU f in about 12 different shades and are
yard. ' J the short camel's hair effects.
(||4 7 J"M 47-INCH FANCY FRENCH ZIBELINE,
\- 1 " I 1 I snort naIr efrects J lap & e assortment of
l|l 1 1 1 U j colorings and one of the noYeltles for
yard. J Fall wear.
(1*0 flfi1 47 " INCH NOVELTY ZIBELINES, plain
V/ illS I colored grounds, with small colored
l|ILlUU | dotted effects. These we have in a
.. yard. J full-Yarletg of colorings. •
We will also show this weei a magnificent assortment of
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS, LADIES' CHAIN PURSES,
LADIES'- FUR SCARFS, FEATHER BOAS; also new
Importation Of LADIES' KID AND FABRIC GLOVES.-
NOTE.
Orders by mall receive prompt attention. Alt orders
for samples or goods filled and shipped same day they
are received.
- *
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
.ADVERTISEMENTS. , -
II | £¦'¦ I -4 • I ill'
/}! >, ana jullS ( m
I'm 1^ iave never b cen atta i ne 4 \M
r- ; i^^^S^fwa ' in - st y lish little coats# an( * a?
/wy^^^Mii'i^W^i sults for chiIdren from
/uftzrffiwf&M^ 6 to 16 years. There is
an advanta & e in P urchas "
l< '* •/;%¦ in^ Variety is
N^S*^^^ii^^>^ greater and more styles
g& wjjr H! to pick from. At the prcs-"~
¦ * .-~4Ei3 large and as usual our
:^^^^L**"^^^ ~ prices modest.
Sale China Silk Waists
';.'¦¦¦ • ¦' ' ¦ ¦
A substantial . saving is assured here Monday. One hundred
White and Black China Silk Waists, slightly mussed from hand-'
:¦; ling. Most of them are trimmed with lace and lace insertions.' All
desirable. styles. Formerly sold for $5.00, $6.50, $7.50.
Special Monday, $3 m SO
The Best $1.50 Gloves
;' We claim to, sell the best $1.50 Kid Glove. You shall be the
1 judge.' After wearing a pair of Perrin's famous gloves compare
. them -with any $2.00 : glove offered elsewhere. Every pair war-
•/ ranted and fitted. Glove Department. ,
Silk Petticoats, Special $5.95
¦We offer fifty of them- at this special price for Monday. They
are made- from -heavy Taffeta' Silk; heavy pleated flounce ruffle; in
black only., A regular $8.75 value at $5.95.
Si.*B>*l)avjs & Co
C6k<SecnySi and Smnitfoe.
AGENTS ROYAL WO RCESTER [ CORSETS.
ISMAB. #
ISMAR
Is Sought by Eager Multitudes from Far and Near
Thousands of men and women in San
Francisco and all over this country have
been benefited by Ismar's accurate and
marvelous insight Into future events. A
number of the keenest and most prosper-
ous business men of this city and coast
have profited in thousands of dollars and
in many other -ways from Ismar's advice.
Sbe has predicted every important or
tra.-ric event v or political result for many
years. Not only public events but pri-
vate ones involving every detail are with-
in her grasp. q
If YOU would know the future, i*you
would better your condition, if you would
win the hand of her or him you love, if
there it any matter in the future that is
beyond your own insight, Ismar can make
it known to you. .
In affairs of the heart, matrimony, spec-
ulation, business, mining the location of
physical ailments or the restoration of
lost property, or the unraveling of any
mystery Ismar's .advice is accurate and
beneficial.
Her skill in the locating of physical ail-
ments is simply wonderful. Her healing
powers are almost. miraculous.
Many of the cures she has performed
were previously pronounced incurable or
permanently chronic It simply proves
that while there is life there is hope.
Ismar s fame as a mystic and clairvoy-
ant extends all over the world. » Every
day new evidence of her great powers of
second slcht is made manifest. She la
continually locating lost treasures, lost
jewelry, lost mines and lost persons. Her
remarkable insight into the future—in the
depicting and describing of future events
time ° nC of the won ders of our
The name of Ismar is almost a house-
hold word on this coast. Even people
who usually discredit such powers as she
possesses admit - that there is certainly
something wonderful about her •""•*
If you are sick.-pon't despair "until you
see Ismar. There is always hope
If you would know your future, Ismar
will correctly delineate it to you
Write her if you can't call. Three qucs.
tlons answered for $1. Full, life reading S5
Send money by Wells-Fargo or postofflce
money order, or registered letter. Rooms
9 and 10. 1104 Market street. San Fran-
cisco. Phone South 1141. Office hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 12'm.
TiyPEBT OPTICIAN.
I ifltt NOTICE
After many years of constant study of
the Eye. and most successful practice, Mr.
George Mayerle. ths German Expert Opti-
cian, at 1071 Market st., has been awarded
& certificate by the California Stats Board
of Commissioners according to a new law
enacted by the last Legislature, authoriz-
ing him to practice ODtometry and pre-
scribe glasses for those having weak eye*
and poor sight.
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC IN-
STRUCTION.
1132 Lagrana Street. San Francisco.
George llayerler — r>ear Sir: I am so very
much pleased with the glasses you made
for me that I feel constrained to Toluateer
my hearty commendation of your work. I
have used glasses for forty-five years. Dur-
ir.g all this period I haTe never o««a so
well salted. I now enjoy comfort heretofore
denied me. I wish that I had met you years
ago. Very truly yours. J. W. AXDERSON.
Ex-Superintendent of. Public Instruction for
California.
CsBnlUtloa, ExtmiMtion tad Aifin T «».
Open ETtaiagi betwssn 8 and 9.
GERMAN EYEWATER, 80c
Msyerla'i Eyeglisi Clautri, 25«.
GEORGE TVIM^ERLE
German Expert Optician. Charter Member
American Association of Opticians.
1071 MARKET ST.. S. F.
Opp. Callaghan. Bid*., near 7th st. Phone
South 572.
CUT THIS OUT I
Hand Caught in Machinery.
Joseph "Wessels. an employs of the Co-
lumbia Woolen Mills, had his hand man-
gled yesterday afternoon while at work
on a weaving machine. He waa treated
at the City and County Hospital by Dr.
McElroy and later placed In on* of t&«
wards.
Insolvent Car Conductor.
Benjamin Bowbeer, a car conductor re-
siding In Oakland, filed a petition In In-
solvency yesterday In the United States
District Court. He owes |S70 and has no
assets. ' '_'\ / *
AUVERTISESIX^rrS.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices ::
We Off er^Onr Entire Extra rta» Col.
lection of
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
\ *
, Discount from xeffulax retaU pzfe««, '
We are sole agent.* for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SOfTS :
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS ;
Chas. M. Plum & Co,
Cop. 9th and Market Sts. :|
if a- IJ^SsSlft^fcMAYOR EUGENE E.
SCHMITZ, stand
ard-bearer of the
Union Labor party, for
mally opened his campaign
last night by reading a dec
laration of principles to a
large gathering in the Al
hambra Theater. A great
deal of enthusiasm was
manifested by his follow-
MAYOR EUGENE E. . SCHMITZ. STANDARD BE*ATtER OF THE . UNION
LABOR PARTY, ADDRESSING THE RATIFICATION MEETING IN
THE ALHAMBRA THEATER LAST NIGHT.
Continued on Page 36, Column 3.
NOTED VISITORS PLEASED.
And now to the last and greatest of the ob
jections formerly urged. Distinguished .vis
itors have come and gone, the honored PrMl
dent of the United States has visited us. and
I have his own word that he enjoyed himself
immensely among us, and that his reception
In Ean Francisco. Including the welcome • ex
tended by your labor Mayor on behalf of all
the people of this queen city of. California,
was second to none accorded him anywhere in
the United States.
Thus have been disposed of all the argu
ments against us except one which I have not
yet referred to and which I now propose to
meet boldly and firmly, for that, too, has been
disproved and has fallen away. It is the old
familiar cry that we are seeking to establish
a class government, and aa we shall undoubt
edly hear much of this In the next few weeks,
let us consider that suggestion for a moment,
for we owe it to the people, now as ever,
clearly to define our position and not to seek
or accept a single vote upon any false repre
sentation or pretense. t
In our former campaign I used the follow
ing language which I reaffirm now in every
particular and which I have conscientiously
endeavored by my every action to live up to
and effectuate. I have honestly endeavored
without fear or favor to represent the whole
people, and to give representation to every
• 1 l"« 8 m t nSt in favor of dividing the people into
cla«ses I am not in, favor of arraying one ele
ment against another. I anvnot In favor of
maklne political distinctions based on wealth,
retl-toS ot "octal station in life. If elected I
pledge myself honestly and fairly to give equal
consideration and to show neither favoritism
nor prejudice for or against any. element or
class. I believe that in the peaceful union of
the wage-earner, and In his and
friendly affiliation with those who employ him.
lies the hope of the future welfare ot the
masses and the happiness and prosperity of
the community. I believe that the great
masses of the people should, in accordance with
their intelligence, their ability and their ca
pacity for fair and Just administration, have a
voice In the affairs of government and be rep*
reBented equally with the other large elements
of the community. There is certainly no more
reason why capitalist, merchant or employer
should hesitate to vote for a conscientious,
honorable and conservative employe than that
the employe should hesitate, under similar
conditions, to vote for the capitalist or em
ployer, as he has for years past been called
upon to do. . • -
DOES NOT FAVOR CLASSES.
And our platform adopted this year contains
the following frank and open statement on this
subject, which I earnestly, and sincerely in
dorse: 1 '"iiiiilufc'illiniiiM'n i 7 1 j '
The Union Labor party Is not a class party,
and does not' Intend to establish a class gov
ernment. It is true that, . on account of pecu
liar' exigencies of the political situation it
originated through the active efforts of a por-
And under this rallying cry the hosts of labor
now stand firm and united, all personal' and
political differences forgotten, laid aside and
sunk In the success of the common cause. 81da
by side, and hand in hand, will march to cer
tain victory the members of a united- party,
without dissension, division or - faction. . Even
the petty differences of opinion expressed' in,
our late primary .election, exist no more. -••¦':¦ .
And with -"us .will also, march to the polls
those thousands. upon thousands of our fellow
citizens who also believe with u«s in the fair
and equal recognition of ; all elements -j? our
people, in the betterment of the social and in
dustrial condition of. the masses,- in -a govern
ment for the benefit of the many and' not for
the exclusive* interest of .' the few.
And all who are" gratified at the success of
the experiment * of '.two years ago, who" are
proud of the conservative, honest and business
like administration which we have given them,
notwithstanding .obstacles and interferences,
unsympathetic boards and commissions left by
our. predecessors In .'office, I and an , antagonistic
Board of Supervisors,' will' also be found: with
us in the campaign, to roll up a majority for
our entires ticket' from-, top to, bottom.. • ..
If eo elected we; 'pledge to' capital -and la
bor, to , employer "and . employe. - equal : consid
eration, and fair, >" Just j and . equal -• recognition
and ; protection.. .We adhere steadfastly . and
unwaveringly > to ' and , have unswervingly en
deavored',, to ; carry, outpour, declarations that
"capital must 'have safe, and steady invest
ment in order ' that • labor may:; have constant
We bear In the coming campaign, as in the
last, the same standard' of victory,: the' same
motto of success, "Equal rights to alland spe
cial privileges to none.". - ¦• - ' -- J
It stands' for the peaceful advancement . of
the masses and for the betterment- of their
material, social and political ; conditions, and
looks forward to fair- and equal consideration
and protectlon-of capital and labor, employer
and employe alike. ' ¦ . . ". .'
tlon of our. people, but it embraces and seeks
to comprehend in its membership ail elements
of our population,' Irrespective i- of class, creed
or station. It is essentially, the party of the
plain people— the'party. of those who. are bene
fited by co-operation for the protection and
maintenance . of - their political 'rights. And
while it respects' and protects the rights of all,
it Is at the same. time designed to secure ef
fectively for the wage-earner, for the small
taxpayer, for the larger mass .of our-citizen
ship, the rights and privileges to .which un
der the law they are legitimately entitled, and
which heretofore have only too frequently been
enjoyed by the. few. ' • ' ,
But the 'Democratic ' platform undertakes to
explain why the city- and .the charter; need
saving — that disinterested -friend of the plain
people; Gavin McNab.'; who controlled the nom
ination of the Democratic candidate for Mayor
as also-all other nominations on . the Demo
cratic ticket (in the Interest of tbe wholes peo
ple, ; of. course),*' rallies, to the. 5 support', of /the
charter snd.of the city, and renomlnates every
Democratic J Supervisor who voted ' to overrule
But -seriously. \ is It; not i absurd to base a
a claim -for. popular support ion that' baseless
slogan? " The i charter* and the city are ; safe
and will remain. so.' •¦ - > ¦ ; \[Jj '¦¦' ¦
WILL ' PROTECT \ CHARTER.
' The Democratic candidate Is seeking ¦ vote*
apparently on the sole. ground -that .he must
be elected to save 'the 'charter and the city.
If* it were not; for the lawyers -and their* con
struction of it the charter would to-day be In
its pristine .strength- and glory. .Whatever de
fects or. faults .exist, in It' to-day are- the re
sult-' of 'the > work of the lawyers who drafted
it. of the * lawyers • who j attacked It; and ' of
the lawyers . who constructed it. It would
seem, to the lay. mind , that after four years
of official • defense: • Interpretation and con
struction.- there would | hardly be . Turther ne«d
of • official ¦ legal ¦ services to save the charter
and the city. ?
and remunerative employment." that "vested
property rights, vested interests and Invested
capital, must have- fair and friendly consid
eration as correlative to similar consideration
for labor, organized or unorganized," andthat
employer and employe, capital and labor, must
have equal representation ¦ and equal ¦ protec
tion. ¦ • , ¦. - . .
What do our • opponents of .tho Republican
and Democratic parties say? t
.The Republican committees and the Repub
lican press . are* striving to create the very
ctasB distinctions which they formerly stated
their desire to avert. - They are calling upon
capitalist,- merchant,- manufacturer and em
ployer to organize* and to rally- to the Republi
can candidate' In order to preserve the Gov
ernment and Incidentally to .hold down . the
forces 'of labor. r They are apparently not sat-
Ufled with . the ' existing conditions of peace
and • prosperity, j Their, platform 'ignores the
labor movement' In San , Francisco; they ex
cluded, so .far as It, was possible for them
so to do with the exception of a single'in
cumbent any man known to have • union labor
affiliations and are evidently- welcoming a di
vision of the electors of this city on the very
class . lines to which ' their orators so j loudly
voiced ' unfounded objection' only ' a short time
ago; -.¦¦¦¦.¦¦ . ,i ¦ -. ¦ ¦
to his pledge that he represents neither class,
creed nor station, but Is and Intends to be
the Mayor of the whole people and of every
class and element of the people; and it Is
based also upon the reepect which he pre
dicted would be created In the minds of all
our fellow-cltlzons when thry realized, that
self-reliance and ordinary business ability
could be found as well among our wage earn
ers es ftmons our bankers, merchant princes,
millionaires and attorneys at law.
' If re-elected I shall not only serve you and
the whole - people faithfully and zealously
with such ability and energy as I possess, but I
shall also endeavor to leave for future genera
tions the impress of the work which during my
term -we shall have done for their interest. If
I shall' serve a second term as Mayor I will
devote my whole time,. as heretofore, to the du
ties of the office and pledge you that substan
tial and permanent -results will accrue to the
city during my Incumbency. '
r The ; lively , and . energetic - canvass Just made
for. the bond issue,. In which. I actively partici
pated, la of itself an assurance of the Interest
we, in common -with aU good- citizens, shall
WOULD BEAUTIFY - CITY.
If the Droceeda of the bonds recently voted
for should become available prior to the expira
tion of my second term, of which from the pro.
verbial delays of the law I entertain much
doubt. I would see that the first work taken
up should be the erection of a City and County
Hospital for our indigent sick and the con
struction of new schoolhouses for the accom
modation of our children, who. rich and poor
alike, draw equal draughts of learning from our
great American public schools.
As a native of San Francisco I take great
pride. in her public Institutions and in her gov
ernmental administration. I wish to see the
city of my birth attain her destiny not only as
the mc^roDOlls-of the Pacific Slope, but If pos
sible also as the commercial metropolis of the
United- States. I wish to see her grow and
becom* adequate to her new responsibilities
and to be clothed and furnished with every
material, appliance necessary to maintain her
advancing splendor and greatness. I wish to
see her holding In her grasp me commerce of
the Pacific Ocean to the west and the great
American continent to the east, to the north
and to the south. I wish to see her arrayed
in' the glory of her . enterprise and of her
strength. . ; " . , '
I wish to see the new and greater. San Fran
cisco » thing of splendid reality and not al
ways' a pleasant but hazy, dream. 5 I should be
pleased to assist further in her development
and progress, and if re-elected to have my name
associated with a period of her greatest promise
and of , her greatest realization.
What can be done with a sympathetic board
may be seen in the work of the School Depart
ment during the past year and a half. That
board has acted In concert with me. and the re
sult Is that teachers are- now appointed on
merit alone and after a competitive examina
tion,'and not as the result of political Influ
ence or political favoritism.
This is a departure which of Itself Is a start
ling though most commendable Innovation. A
new schoolhouse ha* been built In Noe Valley:
new rooms have been added to old school
buildings, and more repairs and Improvements
have been' made in and about school premises
than In nny similar period of time in the de
partment's history.
The school buildings- never were In better
condition than they are now. but they are by
no means perfect yet. n
my vetoes, by which I twice endeavored to
save the city about $100,000 per year In use
less and extravagant salaries. In Oavln Me-
Nab's platform he falsely accuses me of be
ing controlled by corporations, notably the
Spring Valley Water Works. Not only Is
this an absolute He, but the consistency of
the statement la immediately apparent when
it Is recalled that the only part I ever took
In any matter involving the Spring Valley
Water Company was once, when the Supervisors
whom Mr. Gavin M&Nab has renominated
proposed to recommend an ordinance fixing
water rates greatly in excess of existing rates,
and I proposed a compromise rate far less in
amount than the majority of them were wil
ling to allow; and I wish to call especial at
tention to the fact that while under the law
the 'Mayor has absolutely no official power,
either of approval cr of veto In the matter
of fixing water rates, as has been decided by
the courts, and is only by courtesy permitted
a voice In the matter, as it may affect his
administration. Mr. Gavin McNalwhas re
nominated every Democratic Supervisor who
voted for the compromise measure and has by
thus indorsing them absolutely stultified the
declarations contained in his Democratic plat-
But enough of this. What crafty politicians
or self-seeking demagogues may say will In
this campaign cut but smaU figures. Our future
policy will be Judged by what we have accom
pll«hed in the past. ,-„_,
Every pledge taken we have fulfilled to the
extent of our cower. Under the provisions of
the charter a Mayor must be elected twice be
fore he can effectively carry out any defined
policy. He cannot control the policy of the
administration during his first term, becauso
he is obliged to deal with- boards and com
missions of which a majority In each is left
over to him from his predecessor in office and
is as I have learned only too well, frequently
directly antagonistic to the Mayor's policy.
If I should be re-elected I will then for the
first time have majorities in the various com
missions sympathetic with my views and shall
be able to carry out with further success the
policies mapped out during the last campaign.
SCHOOLS ARE IMPROVED.
Are theee things of no importatce to our
people? Are they not worthy of moat serious
thought and consideration? These conditions
are neither the accident of events, nor am I
so egotistic as to claim that th«y are entirely
attributable to my own personality. They re
sult from the confidence and trust which the
masses of the people, the wage earners and
those who feel with them have in a representa
tive selected by themselves, one upon whom
they feel they can always rely for fair and Just
consideration, and that is all they ask— end
from the acquired confidence of those who deal
with them that In any event the Mayor • of
the city has lived up -to and ever will live up
And even now. - when another far-reaching
and widespread strike is on— one which I am
glad to say now also seems . on the eve of
peaceful settlement — I refer to the great tele
phone linemen's strike— the peace and quiet
which prevail are- so great that the very ex
istence of t lie industrial difference is scarcely
known or thought of by the great majority
of our people.
Could the- official representative of any other
party have done more? Should he have done
And it vras settled without policemen with
out bloodshed, without violence, even without
bad feeling, and to the undoubted eventual
benefit of both parties to the controversy, to
the approbation and satisfaction of all the peo
r-le and amid the approving plaudits of a
united press, a united pulpit and a united citi
zenship.
TWO STRIKES SETTLED.
Absence of violence in industrial disputes
may be no Just ground for claiming credit, for.
indeed, violence should never d« a feature in
the disturbance <>f any labor condition, but un
fortunately under former administrations not
enly did violence and bloodshed attend such
disturbances, but they were- intensely the prime
features thereof — in many cases, if not in all,
created by outsiders, and in others perhaps re
sorted to in desperation and under extreme
provocation. Such attending circumstances al
ways were- and always will be a distinct detri
ment to the cause of labor, and a distinct detri
ment to the well being of the community In
which they occur. • ."
During our last campaign I took occasion re
peatedly to say that in these matters as in all
ethers I deprecated violence and was in favor
of peaceful measures at all hazards, that I did
not believe in radical action, but favored con
servative, prudent and practical measures, ana
when occasion has arisen during my term of
office to put theea beliefs to the test I have
never failed to carry them out and have never
failed to have Uk result Justify the principle.
When before I had even fairly entered Into
office the most stronjjly organized and most far
reaching strike that ever occurred in Ean Fran
ci.«co confronted me. .1 refer, of course, to the
carmen's strike. I was In my official capacity
Jrx-e to face with a problem greater and morn
portentous than any cf similar character which
had ever been presented to a chief magistrate
cf this city. It involved the whole people di
reetly, es well as the men on strike, and the
large vested interests against which they were
contending for recognition of fair demands &
fair day's pay' for a fair day's work
Although no police have appeared on trucks
during my term of office — or on cars — although
no special permits to carry pistols have b»en
given to men specially enlisted to make or pro
voka trouble when labor differences existed,
there has, since I assumed the »fflce of Mayor
of this city, been no bloodshed, violence or riot,
even where feelings ran highest and where the
tension was most strained.
ORDERLY ADMINISTRATION'.
In what administration has there been more
peaceful reconciliation of differences between
employer and employe? In what administra
tion has there been manifested more confidence
of satisfactory and peaceful adjustment on
terms both equitable and honorable to both
sides. During my administration I have been
called upon many, manr times to assist In the
settlement of industrial differences, euch as
are Inevitable wherever largo numbers of men
are- employed under distinct and separate em
ployments. Sometimes I have been appealed
to by the employe*, more often the employer
has nought my intervention, and I am proud
to say that on account of the good sense and
conservative disposition of the employe and the
fairness and good Judgment of the employer.
when conditions and Bltuations were properly
set before them. I have succeeded In every
case, great or small, without Intervening riot,
disorder or conflict in harmonizing and recon
ciling the existing differences to the satisfac
tion and advantage of both sides, and of more
importance than all, to the benefit, safety and
peace of the entire city.
Of what other administration can more, or
indeed as much, be said In this direction?
And as to strikes end labor difficulties, what
administration has been more- free from them?
Let us eee. During the last two years and
under the administration of a Union Labor
Mayor. Instead of decreasing 50 per cent, prop
erty values have In many sections of th<? city
Increased 50 per cent and more, 'and In no sec
tion has there been any lall whatever. (And no
real estate agent has yet left the town.) Not a
single bank has closed, new ones have estab
lished thems&lws and the bank clearings have
exceeded by millions nny ether two years of
the city's financial history, and they are to
day In better condition, doing more business
and making more money than ever before.
Instead of frightening away capital, mil
lions of dollars have been invested anj mil
lions more are seeking investment. More build-
Ing and Industrial activity exists, . and has
existed for the past year and a half, than
ever before known, showing trust and confUence
in existing conditions and f.-ith In the integ
rity, conservatism and ability of tho Union
Labor party administration.
Why, even the New York millionaire, who,
because of reported sympathy for the aspira
tions of the present Republican candidate for
Mayor caused to be obliterated a sign an
nouncing my present candidacy, put up by one
of my friends with his agent's consent. Is at
the very scene of that exploit, on the- summit
of Nob Hill, erecting a $1,000,000 hotel as a
tribute to his confidence in the good sense and
sterling Integrity of the plain people, not
withstanding his apparently outward opposi
tion to their candidate.
PROSPERITY OE CITY.
at tho last campaign, and as this would remove
from our adversaries their only arms and leave
them without ground from which to fight, they
should now gracefully retire and leave the
field without contest .to th*t strong young
giant of the West, the Unlrn Labor party of
San Francisco.
• *C. "j. Williams, chairman of. the Union
Labor convention, presided. He Intro
duced the various ¦ speakers. In opening
" \he meetteg he eald:
This meeting is called for the purpose cf rat
ifying the nomination* of the Union L*bor par
ti' ccfeventlen. As chairman cf that convention,
1 "have been invited to preside here this even
ing. We have a great many cf its cs.nalda.tes
' tested en tne platform tad I now Invite any
oV-er candidates who are In the audience to
%top forward and take seats on the platform.
»".a as each candidate will be expected to say
eoniething end their time -will be limited. I will
start the proceedings by calling upon Mr.
lie-cam, president of the Labor Council. (Ap
? f . t v-sfc )
. Mr. Benhara was given a hearty greet
- Ing and when the applause had subsided
, ;he epoke la part as follows:
I am not fjoin* to take up much tuna, be
cause there are a large number of candidates
vho are very anxious to tell you what pood
fellows they are. My duty will be to simply
. tuggest io you that recent events In the po
k litlclal history cf Ean Francisco should im-
I pi-ess upon your minds the fact that the Union
' L*bcr party, which was Inaugurated here ioai
jeers tjro, was not a passing political spasm
ever some industrial depression, but it was
an earnest upheaval cf the people to put honest
, and capal/.e men in office tnd It Is a pleasure
v to say that It is not only a credit to the city
r fcut to the people who engineered It. <Ap
j.iauee.)
With the great power which rests In the
]-.sncs of organized labor In this city. I do not
think that they will allow any other man to
I step Into the shoes of the Mayor of this city
I cr.d take \i\> the work which he has eo well
-done. <Applaus«.)
If the workers of this city elect another man
as Mayor and armed guards are placed on tbe
etreet cars and trucks an-i the clubs of the po
lice beat a tait.00 on the he&dH cf the workers,
let the workers blame themselves. (Applause.)
. There ie a trot on the b*lot which is dear
to the hearts of every man and when you go
to the pells again remerr.b^r that epot and it
•will indicate that you desire to elect the whole
Union Labor party tirket. (Applause,) *
L«et me estreat you in your own behalf to
support, that administration which has given
« government to the city of San Francisco that
It .has never had before, and put your cross in
the epot that will elect sverjr one of these men.
I Applause. )
. MAYOR MAXES ADDRESS.
Tells of Services He Has Rendered
City During Term of Office.
When Mayor Schmltz was Introduced
the applause was deafening. Men and
v.xtnen stood up, waved hats and hand
loerchiefs at the etandard bearfcr of the
party and it was some time before ha
could speak. When silence had been ob
tained some enthusiast would break It
by calling for three cheers for the Mayor
and once more the plaudits would echo
through tbe theater. Having quieted the
crowd by waving h!s hand, the Mayor
began hit leigthy campaign statement,
L which "was as follows:
', • Ladies and Gentlemen. Brother Wags Work
ers. Fellow Citizens and Fronde: But a few
months ago and for the first t:mc In cur mu
•icipal- fcirtory, the people cf this great city.
by a. derisive vote, placr d in the office of May
or a.n avowed reisrwrcx.tatKe of the largest
*ir-rr««!t of our population, the wage-earners of
San Francisco, end thereby for ifce hret time .
also gave, formal recognition to the advancing
progress and educated int?!lisrnc\ to the con- !
rervative and sclf-respect'.as abilities of th- '
rnatt-cs cf cur slain peop!?, those who earn
their tUy's tread by sfctir honest toil and
those who sympathize and co-operats with
tliem in their strenuous utruggle 'or bttter
conrtiticr.s nr.d tor equal richts. They rrere
tsUnf an awful rick. If you were to elect
a. up works*' Mayor >cf Eaa Francisco Instead ;
x>{ a banker, a merchant or "a miillontire,
lircperty values would eo down at lea-a So
j>er c*nt. capital trould »be frightened away,
half cf the hanks In town would be forced to
close for want of business, building end indus
trial enterprises would be restricted, strikes
r.nd labor disputes would be daily events, no
l^hrc would be rut on trucks and rict and
blocdrhf-d would be rampant ca -very side.
And worst of all, distinguished visitors
m»?ht In their search for glorious climate oc
casionally drop in upon us. r.r.d there confront
«ed us alro :he possibility that even the Presi
dent of the United Btates might come Jntc this
Golden State, into this land of sunshine, fruit
und flowers, and how terrible a thing It would
be— wha,t a disgrace to K&:\ Francisco If they
I i*-.ust be given official welcome by en uncouth.
Uiltt-r&te wags worker inn pad of by a dis
tinguished your.sr banker, a staid old merchant
r.r even, p.s, a last resort, by an official attor
nry-at-law.
Notwithstanding all these terrors, the people
took th<* risk, elected part of your ticket. In
ducing your candidate for the city's chief ex
ecutive office, and we are htre to-night for the
thre<»-fo.d purpose cf giving thanks for past
confidence, iurtlfying that confidence, and
In order to maintain and carry cut policies and
principles, asking for an expression of further
confidence by a triumphant ejection In 2Civtm-
k v »tr.ber of ths n.tire ticket nominated by th«
T*nlon Labor party's convention.
Logically we ought now t« recetr* the unan
imous vote of tbe entire people, for by our expe
rience and our record during even this brief
tdministratlon we have disproved and demol
ished every open argument urged against us
OPENS MEETING.
Chairman "Williams Introduces Nu
merous Candidates to Audience.
CRIES cf "Good boy. Gene!" and
enthusiastic ehouts Interrupted
Mayor Eugene E. Sehinltz <lur-
Ir.g the reading of his lengthy
speech at the ratification meet-
Ing, of tee Union Labor party In the Al
.fc«nbra. Theater last night. While the
attendance was not all that might have
'bee? desired by the committee In charge,
the enthusiasm of the audience made up
for what it lacked In numbers. There
were many empty chairs, but before the
meeting vas concluded most of these
were taken.
Mayor Schmltz -was accorded an ova
tion when he stepped upon the platform.
Throughout hla address he was Inter
rupted with hearty applause. He spoke
with great elncerlty and his periods were
punctuated with wild outbursts of enthu
siasm from his followers. The Mayor
apologized for reading his speech and
cald he was forced to do so. as It was the
opening gun of the campaign, and what
fee said might be distorted by those who
oppose his re-election.
In the audience were many ladles, who
applauded with as much fervor as their
escorts. -Mrs. Schmltz occupied a seat In
a -box and she felt proud of the reception
tendered her husband.
. Speeches were delivered by nearly all
the candidates, and their one appeal was
for the election of the entire ticket. All
those who appeared before the gathering
were applauded and cheered. The meeting
from beginning to conclusion was an en
thusiastic one.
Standard - Bearer
• Answers Many
: Attacks.
Splendid Ovation
.Given Head of
Ticket.
Workingmen Fill
¦- the Alharribra
• Theater.
MAYOR E. E. SCHMITZ ADDRESSES AN ENTHUSIASTIC GATHERING
AT BIG RATIFICATION MEETING OF THE UNION LABOR PARTY
Speakers Score
Phelan and
McNab.
Many Candidates
Appear Before
Audience.
Members of Fair
Sex Applaud
Orators.
* \ : *
take in the proper upbullilng aad drveleptsent
of ths new Bun Francisco.
l*t us modv-rnlie our city and make her up
to date. Let us have more children's play
grounds; more public parks; let us . have at
once the better \streets and sewers contemplated
by the recent bond election. Let us have the
city not only beautified, but practically and
endurlngly Improved.
I pledge myself to co-operate earnestly along
business lines, and, economically In the accom
plishment of this result.
And let us fcavn a municipal rovenuaent
liberal and broad zalnded In Its Ideas, though
businesslike and economical In Its administra
tion, according to everybody fair and generous
treatment under vrmry regulation and safe
guard of the law In every business and Indus
try which le brought Into contact with the
administration of the .municipality.
With our platform I *s>vor the expenditure
of more of the money raised by taxation for
permanent public Improvements aad for the re
pair and Improvement ct our streets and the
expenditure of less money for extravagant sal
aries or ornamental and unnecessary employes.
I favor also the acquisition and publlo owner
ship of publlo utilities. Including the acquisi
tion of a municipal water supply and the
Geary-street railway, and If any such should
be acquired during my term of office I pledge
myself to a businesslike, economical and hon
est administration thereof.
ENCOTJBA0rES TTNIOIT LABOB.
I am also In thorough sympathy with the pro
vision that, where practicable, all publlo sup
plies should bear the union label, believing
that such designation Is a Just recognition of
skilled free white labor, an Indorsement of
reasonable hours and fair wages and a guar
antee to the public that supplies furnished the
city are the product of skilled American work.
manshlp and honest worth and not an Impost
tlon of Chinese. Japanese, foreign cr peniten
tiary manufactures.
I also strongly and decidedly favor the pro
vision that goods of home manufacture be given
preference In all supplies for public Institu
tions of the city In the Interests of the manu
facturers and merchants of this city, who pay
our taxes and support our local government, aa
against foreign and external manufacturers
and merchants who take their profits hence
and contribute nothing to the support of our
government, our Institutions or our wage earn
ers.
The crying abuses of the publlo contract sys
tem and the despoiling of the municipal treas
ury by dishonest contractors who shirk their
work and with the connivance of a complais
ant Board of Supervisors show little result for
large expenditures f the publlo moneys, lead
to the demand In our platform that aU pub
llo work shall be done by the day.
This Insures fidelity aad better results. I
favor this plank for these reasons and also
because It will tend to the establishment of an
honest day's pay for aa honest day's work.
The money paid by the city will go Into the
homes of Its people. Instead of Into the capa
cious and rapacious pockets of the contractors
and the publlo will be better served. I agree
with the platform that the street sweeping
machines should be owned by the city.
In the matter of civil service, I will follow
the law, the^harter and the decision of the
courts as I have throughout xny term endeav
ored to do so.
As to Chinese and Japanese Immigration I
am thoroughly convinced that the best Inter
ests of our city and State demand the con
tinuance of the Chinese exclusion act and the
Inclusion within Its prohibition of all other
Asiatics and that Its provisions should be ex
tended to all territory within the Jurisdiction
of the United States. This Is In strict accord
ance with the party platform and ¦ coincide*
with my own personal views on the subject. •
LIKES HOME BTJLE POLICY.
As also declared In the platform. I favor the
abolition of the poll tax. It is an unjust and
a disproporttonal tax.
I favor fair and liberal treatment of the
Fire and Police Departments, the efficiency,
courage and real of Whose members are known
throughout the entire country-
I am 'in entire accord with those provisions
of the platform of our party which read as
follows :
"We favor absolute home rule for the city
and county of San Francisco and pledge our
nominees and our party to work t» that end.
"The interference by the Legislature with
the internal affairs of San Francisco, not
withstanding the charter, is costlnsc cur ctty
much meney and Is encroaching upon her rights
of self-government.
"We favor a constitutional amendment which
shall make It impossible for State Boards of
Equalization arbitrarily to raise tho assess
ment of this city, already over-asses*ed, es
pecially as regards Its smaller property holders.
"We also favor such changes In the laws as
will place the water front of San Francisco
under the control of the municipal government,
so that the administration of the water front
may be conducted more with a view to the
commercial advancement and prosperity of the
city than as an asylum for the political refu
gees of the State who are strangers to San
Francisco, not Interested In Its welfare and
ignorant of Its needs."
And I need cot sav that I thoroughly agree
with another provision _of the platform which
reads as follows: »
"We deplore the Interference by the courts
In the executive affairs of the city and the
abuse of the writ of Injunction to restrain the
action of public officials honestly attempting
to do their whole duty by the peoplo. and by
such Injunction enabling Incompetent or dis
honest m«n to hold themselves In publlo posi
tion in defiance of the acts of their executive
cuperlors and of the will of the people."
A few words more and I shall have finished.
Th» Union Labor party 'having no party organ
among the newspapers we shall be obliged o
rely on the fairness of the press as matters
of news to report our proceedings correctly,
and' If they do this we shall have no fault to
find with them even if their editorials are
colored by their self-interest or by their adopt
ed policies. .,- — "
If a newspaper refuses to support a labor
candidate because its proprietor la adverse to
the labor element In the community and the
fact Is known to the people its comments caa
do no harm. If another newspaper refuses to
support the same candidate because of its
proprietor's personal ambitions the same resu!£
will follow.
Still leas will fencfc comment Injure when.
as In the case of the Bulletin, which but
yesterday Insulted the- worklngmen of San
Francisco by likening. th*"lr party to a fallen
woman. It Is notorious that th» longest sack
has the largest Influence over Its editorial col
umns, and when gloating over the proceeds
of its' own shame and sale It will support any
and every candidate who successfully reaches
Ita editorial pocket.
It Is advocating to-night th» Democratic
candidate- for . Mayor. I would not b« sur
prised, nor would anybody else be. If to-mor
row or next day It should support the Repub
lican candidate for •- slightly. higher price \r>
be paid by his friends and supporters Instead
of by the friends and supporters of his op
ponent.
The moral of the Bulletin Is measured -by
the sign of the dollar. I am tempted to say
more on this subject and to give some ex
tended detail. Perhaps I may do %o hereafter.
In conclusion I thank you for your atten
tion. I ask your suppdrt for our entire ticket
and promise you that If elected we shall seek
to Justify your confidence and | friendship • and
will ever strive to maintain in th» high place
to which we have elevated It in the esteem
and regard of the entire people the banner of
the Union labor party.
LACK OP HARMONY.
Thomas Egan Says Democrats Are
Still at War.
Thomas Euan, the orator of the Union
JPages 33 to 44
Pages 33 to 44
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
ers. The meeting was for
the purpose of ratifying
the nominations of the
Union Labor convention.That was all for the first half. The
s.iilora were too easy for the wreckers
and stood no chance against such a gale
of brawn. The passage would have been
Geary steered Jones' kick back twenty
five yards. More kicked fifty yards more.
Jones kicked it back at him. Oeary fum
bled, but Rlsley caught the ball and got
through fifty yards. Snedigar scraped the
reefs for thirty yards and crossed the bar
again. • Stow kicked the goal. Score 23
to 0.
Stow kicked off nnd the tars scrambled
for the tall, but fumbled, which forced
them toScIck. Geary caught the ball and
rah lt back fifteen yards. Snedigar ad
vanced It fifteen yards more. Tho wreck
era were penalized five yards for off-side
play. Hlsley.was sent dver tho bar for a
goal. Stow, failed to kick. It all took two
minutes.- Score 11 to 0.
Jones kicked the ball again and More
caught lt and ran it back to the 23-yard
line. Snedigar was Bent across the line
after ¦ two mlnut*s of play. Stow kicked
the goal. Score 17 to 0.
Jones steered the ball to leeward again
and Geary beat back with it fifteen yards.
Heltmullor got It then and sailed around
the reefs until he went aground against
Dare— a D6-yard run. Geary steered the
rest of tho voyage and got across the
equator, but Stow failed to kick. Score
22 to 0. . • " . :
Jones started the festivities by kick-
Ing the ball to leeward. It sailed before
a spanking breeze and anchored ln the
arms of Gray of tho University of Cali
fornia wreckers. Gray was so scared by
a sailor who looked like Tom Sharkcy
that h« let the ball drop, whereupon Tom
smothered It,, Tho sallormen clung to the
bnll as If it were a Jib sheet, but the
pirates soon dragged It away from them.
Then Snedigar, the Berkeley half back,
steered clear of a lot of reefs tho sailor
men had staked out for twenty-flve yards
and made the first touchdown. Stow
kicked the eonl..nve minutes "after the
game was called. Score 6 to 0.
terday on the Berkeley gridiron.
It was a rough passage for the sailors and
from tho time they slipped their moorings
they had the flac of distress flying— ln
fact, they never reached port. Score SI
to 0.
THE University of California foot
ball eleven bored great holes in
a husky team from the Goat
Island Navy Training School yes-
Berkeley Rolls Up a Grea
Score Against Training
. School Men.
Continued on Page 35, Column 3.
8AN JOSK. Oct. 3.-Orlando Stevens, the
professional blcyclo rider, will leave San
Joee next Thursday for Australia He
will Join McFarland and Hardy Down
ing, both San Joseans, and the trio will
participate In all the races to be held
there this season. A few years ago Stev
ens and McFarland were team mate* on
the Eastern circuit, and the, two of them
led alt' th« riders of that year, the team
tfelBg known ng "I and Stevle," Iver Law.
son, another professional American rider
is also on his way to Australia. This
quartet of riders, with McFarland at their
head," expect to clean up fortunes In the
Antipodes.
Stevena to Race in Australia.
WH EATON. III., Oct. 3.-The woman's
national golf championship belongs to
Miss Ilessle- Anthony of the Olenvlew
Club, Chicago. She made a runaway
match of her game with Miss Anna Car
penter of Westward-Ho In tho finals foJ
tha championship over thi» Whcaton
course to-day, taking the lend at tho
fourth hole and Steadily Increasing It un
til the rnd came at the twelfth hole, Mlsj
Anthony winning 7 up and 6 to play. Con
sidering the weather conditions, a thirty*
mile gale sweeping over the course dur
ing the entire play. Ml«s Anthony's game
wns remarkable. Only twice was she In
trouble, getting Into tho bunker guard-
Ing the first liolo on a long brassy shot
and driving out cf bounds on the seventh.
Miss Carpenter, on the .contrary,* played
In woefully bad form. Seven bunkered
ehots and two balls driven Into the wlda
pond guarding the ninth and tenth holea
tell the 6tory«of her defeat.
This Is probably the last golf tourna
ment Miss Anthony will ever figure In.
Phe will be married November 3 to D. 8.
Home of 1'lltsburg.
The medal scores:
Mies Anthony — \ ,'.
Out ...8 5 <? 6 6 « « « 3-4$
ln 3 6 6
MISS ANTHONY WINS
GOLF CHAMPIONSHIP
Mnkes Runnway Match of Onmo
With Miss Anna Carpenter
of Westward-H6.
PEATTL.E, Oct. 3.— Sefttlle bunched five hits
In th* rltiith Inning: to-day ahd won a Rnm<>
already lorn. Druhan was wild and Inpf
fr-rtlve and was taken out of thi» box in the
middle of the Second Inning. Barber took hl»
place nn<J pitched n good c^inf. The pamr>
w-as rnapry «nd the fielding «om«tlmcK erriKA
tional. Jne Dolan's stop of Coop»r's grounder
In the seventh wag th* feRture. Score:
n. 11. re.
Beanie 0 0 1 0 2 0 0 .1 x— fl 10 2
Onlttaad 0 4 0 0 1 0 0 0 0—8 0 2
flatteries — Drohan, Harbor and Byers; Cooper
and Gorton. Umpire— O'Conntll.
Gnn Franrlsro. . . 001101. 11 O^ f>
Ha?" hits 02120122 1—11
1j>" Angoipp 2OO110O0 «»— 4
IIhf«? hit? ;i 0 O 2 2 1 O 1 O—0
_ Bl'MMARY.
Ftolrn l>appg — Phay (II), Knig. Hoy. Dillon.
KrrTf^—tMllnn. Hodson. Pmlth. liaum, HpIpr,
• "rflvath, Toman <2). Two-base hits — Cravath
Delnu •. B.iertflee hits— Whtplpr «2). ZparfoHP,
Haynion'i. Menny. First bafe on errors — Han
Franrlsco 3, I^ob Angers 1. Firct base <;n
eall«Mi balls— Off HooBon. 1: off Haum. «. Left
en basen— Han Francisco 11, Ijcb Angelps f>.
Rrurk out— n>- It.iuin. 1. Double plays —
Whiter to Toman to Dillon: Hoi>« to Dillon.
Ttm» "f gam* — One hour and fifty-live minute *.
L'mrlrc — McDonald.
Seattle Wins n Snappy Onmc.
nt'NH AND HITS DT INNINQR
— Totals. 30 C 11 27 12
Total*. .14 4 0 27 14
•HattPd fur Uaum In ninth Inning.
Ixw AnB«len— 1 Hun Francisco—
AM. H. H. PA AU. H. II. PA.
itoj. rf.. n 2 a 3 o'tthar. «.. a 2 1 a 2
Wh«-lr.2b 2 10 0 «.M*an>',rf 2 o tt 3 1
Hmlth. 3h 4 Ml 1 2 I KniK, ef 4 0 2 2 0
I'lllnn. Ih 4 1 H 12 UPabnt. lit ft 0 1 II 1
davth.rf 4 0 11 tll.ynrh. If 0 1 1 2 O
linen. If. 3 » 0 4 l|p«>lmi<.2b fi 2 .'{ .'1 4
Toman. * 4 O 1 3 3,Z«'rlopii.c 3 0 13 1
Pple*, c. 4 O 1 2 0 Ilynvl. .'Jb 4 0 10 1
Jtaum. p. :< o O 0 fi Hodson.p B 0 1 0 2
*rorbptt. 1 o o o ol —
The game umpire was ufter the pesky
second l,n«=emnn In n twinkling, but bt-rore
he reached his prey a special officer and
¦everaj plnyers Interfered and the battle
o<m« to a close. Then the crowd surged
Od the Held and It looked like a free scrap
for the time being.
Wheeler Ftnrted the whole thing by call
ing the umpire pome uncomplimentary
name*. McDonald lf» not the mnn to
ptaiKl for this kind nf thing and llko the*
fighter ho Is went over to nettle It.
Whfeeler got In his punch when Jim wub
.•it n flLtadvantage, otherwise he probably
t\<mlil have be*n given a good boating.
Thi fans were lorry McDunnld did not
have a rliance to get his man, for any
player who Is mean enough to call an um
pire names has a thrashing coming. Tho
score:
His only fault was his Inclination to be
wild. During thy game he passed six
men and many of these bases on bails
meant runs for the home players. Aside
fiom thin llttln transgression of tho
pitcher's etiquette the lnd was right and
bfl will easily make glfod.
When tha game wns all over and the
fans were rendy to depnrt Jim McDonald
pud(l< nly walked over In the direction ol
tli<> Ixs Angeles bench. He met Wheeler
iTrnr tht pla*"'? and mude a motion to tnko
ofr Ills mask. In the meantime Wheeler
lilt Jim u punch In the nose.
He showed a big nssortmenl of curve.*
nnd a nice Change of pace. His fast bnll
wus ulways effective and he never lobt
Ills head In tho tight place*. He watched
tho bajaes like an old leaguer and caught
iA'ahy off firpt on one occasion by many
feet.
Charley Iiaum. the Berkeley, boy, who
was elven a trial with Harris last year
nnd who has been pitching with an Ore
con team nil season, did the box Ptunt
for Morley. Ms (showing was crwlitnblo
end with nny kind of support he would
have won out in a canter.
The poor playing of the southern tenm
made the game the bent of the neries.
They handicapped themselves, so to
f-peak, and therefore the native toseera
hnd a chance. Then the home players
put up ft pretty good article of ball nnd
this also aided them In getting away with
the game by a single tally. , !
At last the wreath of victory crowns,
the head of Uncle Hank. All week he
has labored for this and now that it has
arrived no one cares by what 'means lus
secured it. The victory did not come by
fair m'Niis as far ns the work of the Na
tives was concerned, but , rather by .tho
way the Angels performed. In addition
to a native victory the "fanatics were
treated to a little fistic encounter be
tween Jim McDonald and Wheeler, so
cvftry one went away contented. Score,
t to t.
(Standlnr ot the Cluba.)
w. L» Pctl W. I*, pet.
I<na Axir»l»«.10l 00 .«;.:2 Portland ....71 85 .40(3
9an FVan. .. 01 SI .C2J Seattle ..,..70 S'» .440
Sacramento.. S3 W> .Slf^jakland 70 ICO .U.I
PACIFIC COAST L.OAGUE.
Tlm». 1 :47H. Ktart pood. Won *>a*lly.
Winner. II. A. Hnfiman'n br r bv Fr«^
KnltM-Nil^ty. Ptfir 'lotpr IOO. ' t.lrripnrlln
in« R«dur*r 1T«>. Morils Volw-r 1"«, El Hey
1 09, aloo ran. •
Dettlnf. Ifor"* 1 . Weight, JotUft. Pt. % Fin
4 in 5— t«M Knieht. 107 illenxcr) 7 4 13
» n 2— Klns^triiP, «g «rrrklns4,'.. 2 2 2n
K in l-Tna, ion «J Taylor) .T 0 :i nk
snvnNTIf UACE- Mil* *n<l upvrntv jar^s
P17.T1I TlACr— Five ati4 a half furlnng.;
UttOTI
fV-Ulnr. Hnr»«, Welitht. .Wk*)-. pt t; rin.
H tf. 1— Hurk Finn P7 fFnley).. » 7 1 4
7 tf 1-ovrrhantl. P2 (Calvin R H 2 h
n ft,, i_8«rwt Charity. 10U (Ph»hn» 1 1 3 (J
TirtM.. 1 :(*«*. et«rt rood. W«n eatiir.
V Ifiuw, Fortytlie L!m».' b. r. \>y Ilandprl
«;"ttlB rrwthr-r. W. I*. TalmT P2 Piah 1(!!».
T>.'t»«=t in*. «.»ur Mill* 02. Tom Manltlna «5.
rt*<11UTti »."i. Uforfr«> W. !»-.=¦ :¦ nil, Urneral
rile llf». ntto run
riFTIl HA'-D-'W tnll*; furs*:
IVtMti* irorw. Wflfrht. Jockey. Pt. «i Fin
2 to iJ-Klttitlock, H»2 iTnyiot). 4 4 1 nk
7 tt l<— Maltnrr. W <<;alvit> .... 1 2 2 n
n »c» vj~ Pt*r"i r«t. j»7 «A«f=ttn>.. 2 1 :» 14
Tlm^ 1:42»«. Ptart jtrnrf. Won rtrlvinjr.
J. K. ITuphPi;' th. g. I>t Knirht of
TJIrrF^f ris«h In th» Tan. Mary inK, also
van
rounnt rJkcn— si* rurion«» o-toiwr «'ii
lug Fluke*:
IVttltiR ITni^w Mvjjtht. Jnckpy. Pt. % Fin
« tt i— nrittt*.. 103 <r«or<7) 2114
ji to 5— L f.trathmnr* i(» <Axtn) 13 2 3
2 in JV—H1TV IM ,] Ph«.hai,(. . . 3 2 3
Timp. 1^4*i- Sturt rnoJ. Won rntrtly
IMirnpr. J, p nratttms b. c. by Jutl«n
TfrookUt
Tim* I :I5U. tftartcood. Won raslly Win.
r«=r. \\. Or*fB ch r. t,y Knfrtit ff KI1i^i>I1»
|if«rk«t. Fnlte^ l'!m.« 1Q3, (.Irlent I'lO.
'Jo-rt»r Ma-.k It*) elto mn.
Tllinj) RACE— #« furltwiti!; fniri=e:
Tfttinit H'w^o. Wi-ipht. Jr>rkpy. Pt. e; rin.
» «» l'y~ Itranrji* jo; ,'¦}.. r >,„,,, 2 4 1 R
4 to 1— M. Crawtoril 1OS «<>alvt> 3 3 2 nk
j<; *„, l_lun A-3»ini>. 1<»4 <M«hnn» 6 1 3 3
FHCONT> nACH— Mil* 8t>1 »»v*n1y vsrtu;
I'fttlri<. Iforwi, ¦n-ptpht, .Tnrkp.r. P» •; jr|n
'¦• t» 2— Iiirfl»1«TPr. t»4 «r*a|vit)... M 12
4 to J — UlTPr Fitf, M <Andfriin).12 (I 2 1 H
Ut* 1 — WMtm'.ro. 10f» (Ta>Jori..2 3 3 nk
Tim*, l«n. Ptart u>><1. Wcm «>B«tly. Wln
«' . r 8. J. Char1»«' bj o hr I)p»>rTlByer-O11l»'
IMnl. ninft«>r «5. I-lflp I^is 100 II«i«<Ti H«y
V.n. Aran«t8 P r .. Uitfrr 1C 103. <:¦ r.-. B | dik
«'«. Bl Caney 103. UVi* Ilrnry II 1<«, Vamey
• 4. alco ran.
The beautiful afternoon brought out a
largn crowd. T»i» track wra* l*i excellent
pliapn and good tlmo was mkde. 6um
•rnary:
, rinsr riACB-n™ . f ,.i • ha jf furi™^;
pVfMi
fiVUJnp. lTnr««, W»i|fM. Jockp-r. Pt. V FJti.
£ to 1— Giaaara. m (P«r«r*) .... t 1 1 H
* «o 1— Klowa Chl»f, m (H<r<f«ll) 3 2 2)4
7 »f» 1—lMdf Draper 107 fWo/wflHO r. .1 t.
Timm. 1:(«V Btfcrt poor. Won <lrlvln>f.
2 ttamr. 3. li. Mnrftmnn'M o. h. by Rltlflnrtha-
Piiriih Mrrw. !»!..> .. r «<», Onr^cpicuoufi K^J. Kll
r< Vnn* 1(» fltrn VJre* 'jO2 SACond Mntt>
JI0. Matt tTadlolBh OT NH1I» f r .,,,,w<»i) m
UathTly P7. Caybon 87 l*'ly Fonfe «i also
vaa>
Frora a spectacular standpoint ibis fifth
race, a baafllcap tit a mile, tras/th« rnopt
attractive..
BT. LOUIS, Oct. 3.-Tb» fall tntstfn^ of
lb» St. Zx>uls Fair Association opened thl*
flftoroooD with tho running of tb» OcXft
her seUInff fi >:<¦». Ths meeting Is ib'o
• • *: lee of tho ;:<n » M son In 6t. WjIs
nrid nt Its cJo9« on Noretnber 1 the eport
will shift to winter quarter*. Tho stake,
•trhlch was the fourth race on th» card
pt «evcn events, was at six furloni?i and
Lad but' three starters.
Speslal Diepatcb to Toe Call.
Flintlock, Mallory and Stand
Pat Piguro in Close
Finish.
McDonald and Wheeler Have
Lively Mixup After the
Game.
Baum Pitches Well," but
Receives Ragged h
Support, f.
St. Louis Pair Associa
tion's Pall Meeting
Opens.
OCTOBER STAKE
GOES TO BRIDGE
ANGELS FINALLY
MANAGE TO LOSE
CARDINAL FOOTBALL TEAM IMPROVES
AND DEFEATS THE RELIANCE ELEVEN
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, THE DIAMOND AND THE FOOTBALL FIELD
HARD COURSING
FOR GREYHOUNDS
CROWD SWARMS
UPON DIAMOND
Hares Give Pursues a
Lively Chase at
Ingleside.
Twenty-Five * Thousand
People See Game at
m J V* r_r v^r^LJl*
Remaining Rounds 6f Stake
Have a Fairly Open
Look.
Pittsburg Wins Third Con
test of the Championship
Series.
The spectators at Ingleside Coursing
Park had a run for their money yestar-v
day in the majority of the trials. Long
courses were the rule, many lasting near
ly two minutes. The relief dogs were
often brought Into play.
Of the greyhounds which escaped the
hard coursing yesterday the most likely
money winners to-day are Homer Boy."
Lulu Girl, Firm Fellow, Intruder and
Doc Burns. The results of yesterday's
running with Judge Thomas Tlerney's of
ficial scores follow:
May Connolly beat Master Dovenport, 7-ff:
Draw's Hill beat Chuehu, 11-2: Otto beat Prat
rt<s Maid. 7-1; Belfast beat ratr Oaks. 7-4:
Clarice beat Lady Chlqulta. 23-11: Bob It
beat Imperious. 10-5: Tcuns Johnny Rex beat
Flora Bird. »-2: Rockefeller beat Thetis, fl-3:
Homer Boy beat Colored Lady. 10-3: Pacing
Billy beat Boco Girl. 0-4; Advance Guard beat
Yankee Boy "-«; Rich Aryosy beat Little Lucy.
6-2: King's Pride beat Piker, 10-6; Lady Pinto
beat Good Decision* 0-7; Redwood Lad beat
Flying Pa«ha. 14-6; Onward Maud beat Com
merets! Traveler. 11-3: Haddtnrton beat Royal
Friend. 3-2; Miss Green beat Proffreso. 8-3;
Beauty Gold beat Racing Glancer, 4-»; Firm
Fellow beat False Alarm. 14-3: Lulu Girl beat
Fair Flying. 6-3; Pepper Hill beat Harvey M.
15-4; Pepper Jack beat Gunpowder, 12-3; Co
sette beat Anchor. 5-0; Little Sister beat Miss
Penman. 7-5; Kesper beat Algy McDonald.
8-3; Flower of Kerry beat Slievenamon. 14-11;
Miss "Wilson beat Prometheus. 12-6; Equator
beat Gold Lily, 3-2; Tyrone Prince beat Flnoola.
11-7; Roxana beat Masie Stuff. 8-1; Van Vora
beat Manru. 12-S: Topey Tunrey beat Linda
Vista. lC-ft; Tom Hurlick beat Rock and Rye.
4-2: Yellowtall a bye. Miss Shirley withdrawn;
Glauctla beat Van Alba. 8-3; Gllmor* beat
Grtenhall, 4-2: Vagrant beat Rosetree. 5-3; Or
s»na bent Preclta Maid. 6-1: Fine Gold beat
Nora Hill, 9-6: Una beat Karruerttte.
7-4; Crocket Boy Beat October Lad.
5-1; Ploughman beat Mountain Poet, 11-7;
Roulette beat Bonnie Ilugrhle. 8-6; - Honor
Bright beat Morning Glory. 8-6: Whisper beat
Oar Myra. 7-2: Intruder beat Black Flush, 12-2;
Doc Burns beat Fair Glen. 8-O.
R. H. E.
Americans 5 7 2
Xatlona's O 3 5
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; McFYwlan3
and O'Neill.
' CHICAGO, Oct. 3. — The American team was
attain outclassed to-day in every department
of the game. The Nationals scored a shutout.
Attendance, 7000. Score:
R. H. E.
Nationals 8 9 2
Americans O 4 ,'.
Catteries — Wicker and KUng; Patterson and
Sullivan.
BOSTON, Oct 3.— For a time this after
noon it looked as if the third game of the
Plttsburg National-Boston American post
season series could, not be played on ac
count of the great crowd that Jiwarmed
Into the Huntlngton avenue grounds. An
hcur before tho game was scheduled to
begin there were 15,000 people inside the
grounds, and standing room writ at a pre
mium. Still people came pouring In, and
finally, at 2:30 o'clock, the sale of tickets
was stopped after 1S.301 had been sold.
This number is the largest that over at
tended a ball game in Boston. Men stood
fifteen rows deep around the diamond, the
roof of the pavilion was thronged and
every Inch of space on the fence sur
rounding tho grounds was occupied. Thou
sands of men and boys clambered over
the fence, and at least 25,000 people were
inside when the game began. Tho force
of fifty policemen was totally Inadequate,
and at 2:30 o'clock a hurry call was sent
for a hundred more men. At that time
the crowd had broken down the . ropes
end a number of women were caught in
the crush 'and roughly used. Some of the
players plunged Into the mob and helped
these women to safe places. . The teams
were unable to indulge in practice, but
when the extra police arrived clubs were
drawn and tho crowd ,was forced back
from the diamond. The ground hose was
manned by some policemen, and using
this as a whip the spectators were forced
back. \ During the game the spectators
broke in on the diamond once, but the po
lice used the hose with good effect and
hustled them back.
Philllppi pitched another superb game.
Hughes of the Bostons was knocked out
of the box in the third Inning:. Young,
who succeeded him. was effective, but
his own error helped Pittsburg 1 score a
run in the eighth Inning. Score:
n. II. e.
r:tt»burg 4 7 O
Bcetoa _...2 4* 2
Batteries — PhilllppI and Pbelps; Hughes,
Young and Crleer. '
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 3.— Th« St. Louis Ameri
cans had no trouble In winning from the Na
tionals to-day. Both teams did good work In
the field. Attendance. S20O. Score:
Umpire — Major O. Collins. Referee—A.
G«lai«l<T. Timekeepers-— J. Woodrtdg* and T.
M. Wilbur. , '
The llno-up yesterday was as follows:
B&2& ¦ I>08ltl0n -' «•»««••
jBSifffi 1 * l '- n - R L^ lu
xfiSSFia L - T - n Hftmmon
MonUln<J L O. R.. Smock. Atkln
., „ son and O'Toole. '
Hau vcrmftn Ontr r Cavanaugh
Hyde and
( l<>e<1rrlck«on ft. O. L, QafTcy
Stlllmnn And
8hl0 'J« R. T. L.. Martin end Me-
Progton and
I'rrntlce n. E. I* Qoschftn
DanRbach and
Stott 3uartrr Holt
« . Dolo nnd
Chnlmors t, H. R Mueller
O. Dole ami " . ...
Tarpcy *. H. I, Woodrldge
Fcholneld and ¦- ¦
Welter Fullback Atktnuon and
the ball over tho goal by bucking or end
runs, her massy Hno enn hold on the thir
ty-yard line, while Overall has a good
chanco ni kicking a goal from the Held.
This element Is certnln to enter into tho
calculations of thoso who would predict
the result of tho big game.
Berkeley's backs' are at present a minus
quantity in comparison to her line. At
Stanford the condition 13 almost the re
verse. Berkeley's punting power should
net her six points In tho score of the
game at a conservative estimate. Thla
lust condition may be considered certain
at the present time. It remains to be seen
m l , rpmaIndcr o£ tho season's work
win alter the present respective weak
nesses of both teams. ,
stanford-reliance game
and jien seen on the
•side Lines.
One mile, 1:04; two, 2:05; three, 3:14; four,
4:02 2-5; five. 5:01: elx, 5:57 4-5; v seven,
6:54 1-5; eight, 7:62; nine, S:49;\ ten; 9:45;
eleven, 10:41 4-S; twelve 11:38 4-6; thirteen,
12:371-5; fourteen, 13:33; fifteen, 14:35.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.-A large crowd at
the Empire City track saw Barney Old
field and Henry Pago lower tho
record for fifteen miles and Oldfield break
nil records from the seventh to "the , end
of tho II f teen miles to-day.* It \ was a
match race with 40-horscpowcr* motors.
Oldfleld's time for the. fifteen miles wns
14:85. Page's time was 15:071-5. The pre
vious record; wan 16:10 4-5. Oldfidd Jed
from start to finish and was timed at the
end of each tntle as follows:
0LDFIELD BREAKS RECORDS.
New Marks Set From Seven to Fif
' teen Miles.
It Is a foregone conclusion that Berkeley
Is going to force a kicking game when the
two elevens meet next month. .With the
ginnt Overall lifting the pigskin fifty and
6lxty yards will be made at a time and
upon every exchange of punts Berkeley
Is bound to gkln from ton to twenty
yards. If the blue and gt)ld cannot force
COMPARISON OF TEAMS.
It Is In strength of line and ut tho punt
in* game that tho cardinal shown its
weakness*. The line men arc light and un
steady Hauvcrman at center is the only
veteran player among them. The ends
are not euro in getting down on their man
when a point is made. Unless tho line
men can open up holes In Berkeley's vet
eran line the cardinal's hurricane backs
cannot make their gains when It comes to
tho big game. In punting no one at Palo
Alto can lift the ball farther than forty
flve yards nt the moot.
On the other hand, Reliance did not put
up Its game by a fur cry.' Cavanuugh,
the big center, was crippled by a iume
shoulder; Captain Atkinson at fullback
was not In sorts and the capacity for
ground-gaining bucks and punts was ma
terially weakened by the absence of
Geisslcr at left half. George J. Macdon
ough, an old Berkeley player; who went
Info the game at left tackle, had both
i'miihh of ills leg broken during a scrlm
mngo in tho second half of the game. and
had to be carried to tho students' hos
pital.
Despite tho fact that some of the strong
college player* were withdrawn In the
game Stanford began tho second half
with tho bull on Reliance's thirty-five,
yard line and nont it through the guards
and tnckles for thirty yards In consecu
tive bucks. Then acting under the provis
ions of the new rulcn, Dansbach, quar
terback, tucked tho oval under his arm
tit tho thirty-yard lino and skirted the
Reliance end for a touchdown.
Stanford's second game With Rellanco
made evident the fact that in the brothers
Dole, with Tarpcy and W«ller. tho big
freshman, the cardinal has a quartet of
backs to pick from which have not been
equaled since Percy Hull nnd "Locomo
tive" Hmith played behind Derkeley's line.
With the exception of Welter they all hit
the line low, and all, including the fresh
man, hit it llko a bullet. On the defense
they back up the somewhat wobbly lino
in great Bhnpe. •
PLAYER SUFFERS ACCIDENT,
B-— — Y as pretty and clean a victory
ji9 lias ever been scored, the
Stanford varsity eleven brought
defeat to the Rellanco football
tram yesterday on their cam
pus by the "scorn of 6 to 0.
"When the chance for a score by either
side seemed to have gono a-gllmmerlng
and only a scant ten mlnutP3 of play re
mnlned, Bransbach, the heady little cap
tain and quarterback of tho cardinal
eleven, dnBhed around the clubmen's
rlnht end tor the goal posts. Goschen, tho
nimble-footed loft end of tho Reliance,
made a burst of speed In an effort to
flown the runner and save defeat, but he
foil short. The yells from tho bleachers
told that the pigskin was safely behind
the last white line. Sprott kicked an easy
rorI and the six points were scored
against the clubmen.
The game was a great surprise. The In
vincible line which Reliance had present
ed to Stanford two weeks ago and to
Berkeley la.*«t Saturday wan crumpled up
and torn for gain after gain. Stanford's
line, which has been considered the vul
nerable point of the team, allowed Ro
ll&nce to gain Its distune© on bucks only
three times during the entire game. The
aggregation of eleven men in curdintTI
who had plRyetl without team work two
weeks ugo worked together like a pleco
of machinery yesterday. They \4&vtz
Bteady and quick.
Stanford's Speedy Backs Go
Through Clubmen's Line
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
34
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
eANeER0DS ULeERS
ROOTED IN THE BLOOD.
After the age of 45 or 50, when the vital powers are naturally weaker,
it is noticed that a hurt ( 6f. any kind heals slowly and often a very insignifi-
cant scratch or bruise . „ . , . if-'
1 i_ j t-*- --«. A small pimple came on my jaw, but eravo me no
becomes a bad UlCCr, or p a i n O r inconvenienoe, and I shonld have forpot-
SOrc ' At* this time' of ten about lt had it not begun to inflame and itch; it
,;, * ¦ I-^ii,...- would bleed a little, then scab over, but would not
Hie warty, growtnS, heal.. This oontinued for some time then the Cancer
moles and t)i moles that bearan to oat and spread, until it was as largo as a
£!•*£¦£¦ P fUIwX h «"f dollar, when I heard of S. S. 8. and determined
have been on the body to fflve lt ft falr trla , and lt lg remarkable what a
almost from birth begin wonderful effect it had from the beginning: ; the gore
f« i«rto«,« ««^ f,»cfr.r bearan to heal and after takinsr a few bottles disap-
to inflame and fester, p aare d entirely. Thi« was two years a»o; there are
and before very loner still no eigrna of the Cancer, and my srenoral health
are large eatin/ulcers. «°»tinuo 8 *ood. Mrs. B. srilBER, Wyaconda, Mo.
Whenever a sore or ulcer is ' slow in healing then you may be sure
something is radically wrong with your blood. Some old taint or poison
that has been slumbering there for years, is beginning to assert itself,
"and breaks out and becomes a bad ulcer and perhaps the beginning of
Cancer. 1 These old sores are rooted in the blood, and while washes, soaps,
salves, etc., keep the surface clean, they are not healing. A blood
¦ -i_-^_i--i_ i-i_ tnedicincto purify and strengthen the polluted blood
f(g^^ iC^ CC^ an( * a ton^ c *° build up the general system is what
VS^vV!^^ V^W; is needed, arid S.S.S. is just such a remedy. No
; K^J h^<l poison is so powerful and no germ so deadly
—^ r^^ ! that this great vegetable blood remedy cannot reach
it, and ulcers of every kind quickly yield to its wonderful curative prop-,
erties. If you have an old sore or ulcer, write us all about it, and medi-
cal advice or any information you may desire will be given by our physi-
cians without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
*% ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ retains its rich, grainy flavor I
t|| 111 a II15II Ddli ? ? « 4 fi
I The next time you want a I
I: 'long one'' say "Marquette^ I
I and get satisfaction • • # I
g GROMMES &, ULLRICH, DISTILLERS, ||
I CHICAGO^ ILLINOIS 1
i W. J. KEARNEY, REPRESENTATIVE, i
II 400 Battery St. San Francisco U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\\n EARS'
EXPERIENCE
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
Ta« Uatiag Bywltliit.
MEN ONLY
eevenfwi yr«rt or wtudiout, careful
and <vm*elrnttou* rrarttc* In the
? r^Btm«>nt of a very fpw ,v«-3».« J«
* trainln* such a* f»w iihyMrlone
have had. I r«*r-l Faf<» In Fa>ln* tbat
I fcav* curpd roor» <p«»pr or tn°*Tn dl«-
c«»«>» tUaft anr tiro ethrr •Tw'lsllst*
In lh» entire W>!<t. Kverr method I
ampler U crlctnnt With myself nn«l
t I; as srown to r*rfml.-«n thttsugh thli
\a*t volume of cxpnrltmee.
¦ |
1 am always willlnc to wait for tny
W until a cure !« effected.
Aly Cure for Weakness
I* *lmr>tr a rro«~*«* of rr*tortnir th»
rrretnt* eland to It* nonnM clnte,
• nd tht« I t<w,mr>llsh r>rotnr<tljr an<1
completely. My tr*«tmrnt If a local
cw» entirely. It |« original and *<Mrn-
i Mile, and ha» b<»rn proven absolutely
effective fcr thousand's ot test*.
] PILES
Mr treatment 1* mild, eentle. and
i <-erU1n, nnd tny rractlce In thin dis-
ee»<> constantly nn» ai • reeult of
r*c-->mtn«>n.UUcn» from thoM whom I
; have cutvdL'
Other •IlrnftiU I ewre sr« vsrlco-
c«le. fctrtcture, ecntmcted dl»orrt«?r«,
rpeciflc Mood iwlson, <Fte. I eur« them
ell rcrmaflontly.
Pend for my copyrighted p8ii;phl»l—
"JJre All Tour T«»n n Man." Inter-.
n-:::;m ivnj lm>truct!\-«.
Home Treatment
t U »l»-*y» cferUIn sna catlsractorr.
1 DR. 0. G. JOSLEN,
1 1 Cor. Market and Kcarny Sts.
ll rrlvat« Entrance, 70i Market.Ceremonies Are Closed.
following players: Berkeley— Shingle,
Shuey, Hanna. WJtcher, Peck, Bowman,
Kerr, Sollnsky. Steele, Duggan, Hackley.
Schaeffer, Patton; Alameda— Jackson,
Allen, Crawford, Hovey. Marx. Simond
son. Brush, Waymlre, Baker. Paull aisfl
Bradford.
BERKELEY HIGH SCHOOL
TEAM WINS FIRST GAME
Defeats Eleven From Alameda High
School After Exciting Contest
on the Gridiron.
BERKELEY, Oct. 3.— The Berkeley
High School eleven won the first of the
sub-league series of the Academic Ath
letic League football games this morning
against the Alameda High School. The
score was 11 to 0. Schaeffer. the Berke
ley quarterback, ran forty yards and made
a touchdown ten minutes after play be
gan. Duggan kicked the goal. Duggan
kicked a field goal from the 20-yard line
in the second i.alf, scoring five more
points. The Alameda team was much
lighter than the Berkeley team and could
not hold the fierce charges* of their op
ponents. The teams were made up of the
SCOTTISH BOWLERS PLAY
IN TOURNAMENT MATCHES
Four Games Are Played and Three
Others Are Won by-
Default.
Four of the seven Scottish bowling
tournament matches scheduled to be
played on the Golden Gate Park green
yesterday were completed. A heavy mist
made the rinks wet and proved annoying
to the contestants, although some good
matches were played. Three matches
were won by default, James Gray getting
a bye over D. E. Collins, J. S. Webster a
bye over J. D. McGilvray and W*; A. Cook
over T. M. Latimer.
D. Dalzlel and James Hutchinson start
ed the tournament matches, and after
fifteen short "ends" Dalzlel "was declared
winner by a score of 21 to 3. Hutchinson
is a new player and Dalziel had an easy
idAJOB DELMAR FAILS.
Trotting Wonder Unable to do Bet T
ter Than 2:03.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 3.— The meeting at
Oakley Park closed this afternoon and
the light harness brigade is to-night mov
ing to Lexinsrton, where the Kentucky
Trotting Horse Breeders' Association's
twelve days' meeting -will be held.
Major Delmar to-day failed to lower the
world's trottlne record or 2:00. His at
tempt was the feature offering of the
card, but a mile In 2:03 was the best he
could do. He was paced by two run
ning horses ridden by Jockeys Mclntyre
and Kane.
It has been pretty thoroughly demon
strated that the wind shield is a neces
sary adjunct to the 2:00 trotter. Sum
mary: i
2:00 pacers, the Clifton, purse $1000, three
In five, four heats decided Friday— Baron
Rogers won third, fourth and fifth heats in
2:09%, 2:10, 2:0SU. Jacllsco won first and
second heats in 2:09, 2:10. and wa« distanced
in the fifth heat. Joe Pointer. Trilby Direct.
Milton, Cubanola, Itobert I. Miss Wilamont,
Byrl Wilkes and Sufrf>et also started.
2-16 trot, two in three, one heat decided
Friday — 3ray Gem won two straight heats
In 2:11%, 2:09*4- Gracie Kellock, Pot Ford,
Parthla, Mlllard Sanders, Almerion, Austin
Boy, Ben Potts and Direct View also started.
2:13 pace, two In three, purse $1000— John
M won two straight heats In 2:10, 2:09%.
Dolly Carr. Czarina, Cousin Madge. Daphne
Direct, Taylor H, Illinois and Cadette also
started. »
2:23 trot, two in three, purse $1000^ — Great
Spirit won two straight heats in 2:10, 2:07'i.
Bessie Brown, Bermuda Maid, Alberto, D«-
IlKht, Bessie BIrchwood. Winnie Wright, Anna
Dillon, lUmenway, Yankee Boy and Grocery
Maid aUo started.
2:10 race, two In three, puree $100(>— Black
Pet won two straight heats In 2:11%, 2:08%.
AngTis Pointer, Fred II. Hard Ca»», Ravenna
Wllkcs, Judze Hughes and Star Onward also
started.
To beat 2:00, trotting — Major Delmar (A.
McDonald) lost. Time by quarters, :30V4,
:09?i, 1:30, 2:03.
2:1S trot, two in three, purse $1000 — Gray
Gem won two straight hoats In 2:13, 2:12Vi.
Grade Keller, Bonner and Prince Caton alao
started.
Willis Proves Game.
BERKELEY ROLLS f BIG SCORE
PHILADELPHIA/ Oct. 3.— Terry Mc-
Govern and Billy Willis, a local fighter,
sparred six rounds at the National Ath
letic Club to-nleht. The bout was fast
from beginning to 'end and Willis proved
a difficult proposition for McGovern. Ho
was knocked down once In the first round,
but after that he held his ground well.
He took much punishment, but did not
appear greatly distressed at the finish.
Results at The Dalles.
THE DALLES. Or.. Oct. 3.— Results:
Three furlongs — Brown Prince won, Esplran
flo second. Bulgaria third. Time, 1:18.
racing— The Vision won, Phil N second,' Flo
C third. Time. 2:20.
Four furlongs — Casdale won, lone second,
Sampnon Plunkett third. Time. :63.
SIXTH RACE — One and a quarter miles,
tell Ins:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 6 — Rabunta. 100 (Ferrell)... 5 4 11'
10 to C — Flngal, 105 (Wonderly)... 7 2 2 h
13 to 10 — O'Hagen, 99 (L. Spencer) 6 3 3 7
Time, 2:07. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. McGuire's ch. g. by N'iagara-Char
lotte. Sweet Tooth 102, Caotain Hamm 99,
Give All 04, Goldaca 102. alifo ran.
Time, U40 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. E. Rowe's b. f. by Meddler-Spring
tide. Walnamolnen 1C3, Lee Stinson 100, also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
3 to 2 — Colonial Girl. 103 (Pollak) 1112
3 to 2— Ancke. 98 (Rpbblns) 2 2 2 2*$
25 to 1 — St. Tammany, 103 (Davis-
Bon) 4 4 S IVi
FOURTH RACE — One and an eishth mlleo,
handlcq£:
Betting. Horse. * Wefght. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
18 to 5 — Our Bessie. 100 (Ferrel).. 3 4 1 h
7 to 8 — Linguist. 107 (Wonderly).. 1 1 2 I*,
9 to 5— By Ways. 101 (Wilson). ... 2 3 8 3
Time, 1:52 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. O. Newman's b. f. by Lord Del
many-Bessle Bitland. Miracle II US, Harry
New 101, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs. Forward
stakes :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
2 to V — English Lad, 123 (Domlnk) 3 4 11
12 to 1— J. P. Mayberry, 113 (H.
Phillips) 2 1 2 %
15 to 1— Tokalon, 110 (Otis) 4 2 3 4
Time, 1:28. Start perfect. Won easily.
Winner. Fred Cook's ch. c. by Requltal-Eng-
Ush Lady. Leila 10S also ran.
EECONI* RACD — Five furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i. Fin.
1 to 3— Delagoa, 111 (Wilson) 1 1 1 2H
6 to 1 — Schwalbe, 106 (Spencer)... 2 3 2 3^
3 to 1 — Mayor Johnson, 90 (Tayl'r) 5 5 8^
Time, 1:00. Start fair. "Won ea«lly. Win
ner. S. T. Hlldreth's b. m. by Kingston-
Rhodesia. Durbar SO, Mabel Wlnn SS, Eva's
Darling 85, also ran..
Three favorites, two second choices and
an outsider captured purses. The track
was lightning fast and Secretary Nathan
son offered one of his best cards for "get
away day." The crowd was by far the
largest of the week.
On Monday the scene shifts to Worth
for twenty-five days.
Thomas H. Williams, president of the
New California Jockey Club, and C. S.
Bush of the Crescent City Jockey Club
of New Orleans were guests of Harlem
officials to-day. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Five and a half furlongs,
selling::
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
3 to 2— Redan, 1CS (Relff) 6 2 1 h
5 to 2— Stem Winder, 96 (Wilson) 2 1 2 %
40 to 1— Jake Greenb'rET, 02 (Davis) 9 7 8 1^
Time, 1:07 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. g. by Artillery Prln
cess-Norettl. Klmberly 99, Bensonhurst 97,
Ethel Wheat 100, Mocorlto 90, First Attempt
94, JlmalonK 103, also ran.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— Fred Cook's next
year's Derby dependence, English Lad,
picked up 123 pounds la the Forward
stakes to-day and won easily by -two
lengths, with J. P. Mayberry second and
Tokalon third. English Lad was at the
short price of 2 to 9, and because dX .these
prohibitive odds, was backed by big bet
tors only. English Lad trailed his field
until well into the stretch, where Dom
inlck gave him his head and he romped
away from the others. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
good showing, winning four games. The
score in Longs favor was 6-2, 6-3, 6-4.
winner used a hard back and fore
hand drive and passed his opponent con
tinually at the net.
Several clever practice matches were
•toucnament, proved easy for Long. The
•champion is a young player with an ex
#Kllef.t style and good strokes and among
Vhe younger players Is easily the most
.promising.
In the third set Herman made a fairly
pool seller, lost $100,090 on The Fiddler, a
20 to 1 shot, in the last race at Morris
Park, New York. Agents of gamblers
•who are fighting O'Leary were sent to
levery resort In the city where O'Leary
a handbook and the word was
gl\-en to "play The Fiddler." Every one
of the fifty handbooks operated by
O'Leary had Its Quota of bets on the
krmce. It is said that the opposing com
bination distributed money around town
to be placed on the killing.
When the news was flashed Into
O'r>a.ry's poolroom that The Fiddler won
O'Leary merely remarked: "That's an
awful Jolt. And to think that he was
nothing but a cheap old selling plater!"
Before the race was won detectives ar
rested Phil Green, one of O'Leary's
agents, for operating a hand book In a
saloon at Thirty-first street and Indiana
avenue. His sheet showed that he had
taken $175 at 20 to 1 on The Fiddler be
fore the colice discovered him.
§ Other Chicago bookmakers are said to
have lost heavily on The Fiddler.
CHALLENGE TENNIS MATCH!
WON BY HERBERT IX)NG
- Outclasses Abe Helknan and Proves
the Most Premising of the
Younger Players.
The feature on the tennis courts yes
terday was the challenge match for the
Lowell High School championship. The
contestants were Herbert Long, who
"Etood out" of the tournament, and Abe
* Hcllman, the winner. Long outclassed
• his orpor.er.t. and at no stage of the game
: ttcs the outcome in doubt. Hellman's
"*ret back" came, which won him the
The Fiddler's Victory. '
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— James O'Leary. the
SI 00.000 WON" IN CHICAGO.
James O'Leary Loses a Fortune on
The victory of Tho Fiddler In the last
raes at Morris Park yesterday oort the
3ausalito poolrooms Just $18,000, which Is
the stiffest walloping they ever received
6ver the result of on© race,
• -There is an air of mystery connected
•with the horse's win, and it was the oon
eensus of opinion among turfmen last
right that B. F. CMison has dropped one
down ca the New York officials in the
term of McNainara, which gelding was
"rung" at New Orleans last year under
'the naiae of Hiram Johnson, when a
Frcall fortune was cleaned ui». Chilson
l.ails from Nevada, and the men credited
¦with making the clean-up at Sausalito
yesterday were introduced as sports from
Jieno with a good thing up their s'.eeves.
.Joe- Cobb, a horse capable of stepping a
raile any time in 1:40, It is said, was a 6
•to 5 favorite Jcr the race «n Question. *lf
teen to oa» was the first Quotation about
1 ; he Fiddler and the Reno contingent laid
flown J203 at that price. Max Cohen then
Jollied* the Nevada man into betting an
cther $200 at B to 1 a place and 2H to 1 to
ehow. The price was cut to 8, but this
<JI*d not feaze the Reno people, for they
bet another J100. and when the odds were
Swiped to 6, unloaded another 5200. In
fact, there seemed to be no end of Fiddler
money,, and at post time the room of Da
roux & Co. stood to lose 50KK) and Harvey
& Co. $7500.
The first flash after the finish gave Cin
cinnatue as the wiener, but a minute later
came a correction giving The Fiddler as
£rst by & no6e. The paolroom proprietors
'awaited an oScial verification of the re
sult, Etatln*: that no bets would be paid
until Monday. The poolrooms throughout
the country were hard hit.
The Fiddler was purchased as a yearling
In New York by Prince Poniatowski end
brought to California, He went wrong
early and at a. dispersal tale held by the
I'rince was knocked down to the bid of
WY R. Larzalere for SCOO. Later on, the
horse changed hands again, until he was
finally given in settlement for a feed and
board bill, ultimately falling into the
hands of Tommy "Walker of "April Fool"
lame. t)n April 24 last. The Fiddler won
g. race at Oakland with the ring laying
40 to 1 against his chances. At the Kenil
'v,-orth Park, Petaluma, meeting given
cbout a month later, he finished inside the
meney on two or three occasions and
n.ight have scored but for the inefficiency
.of his rider. Greenwood. Walker then
. phipppd the horse on to St. Louis, where
be finally disposed of him. The form book
chows that his races there were far be
*.low mediocrity.
About the time The Fiddler was shipped
ecross the Rockies B. F. Chilson also left
Petaluma for St. Louis with the now no
torious McNamara and the mare Abba L.
CbUsoa trl<^d to ring the latter as a two
*ycar-old, but the El Louis ofScials nipped
the scheme in tho bud, and the mire's
.trainer was lodged In jail, "ringing" be
ing a penitentiary offense in Missouri.
Chilson kept conveniently out of the way.
On paper it locks almost impossible that
The Fiddler could eo improve .over his St.
Ixjuis form, and that is the reason horse
n-.^n way out here are thinking that per
hnps the astute Mr. Chilson, who so rude
ly chocked the New Orleans racing game,
may have paid New York a visit.
The finals of the handicap doubles
tournament commenced on the park courts
two weeks ago will be played this after
noon. The two scratch teams. Harry
Routh and Charles Dunlap and the Ba
ker brothers, will meet on even terms at
2 o'clock.
Harry Gebriel and Will Volkmann beat Har
ry ilcAfee and Glenn Cogwlll. 6-1; McAfee tied
CoBWill. 6-4, 4-fl; XV. Volkmann beat McAfee,
6-3; Robert Drolla tied Alden Ames, fi-4. 4-6:
Herbert Long and Harry Rolfe beat Lloyd
Baldwin and H. Brown. G-4. 3-6. C--»: Herbert
Schml.lt nnd Dr. McChesney beat Will Allen
and Dr. Hill. 6-3, 3-0. 6-3; Frank Strlngham
and F.idnry Ralisbury tied Chet Smith and
Rolfe. 4-fl. «5-8. C-4, 6-3; Dr. Noble beat Dan
Volkrr.ann, 7-5.
The following matches were played
Another good match was that in which
"Will Allen and Dr. Hill, who won the
tournament last Sunday, were beaten by
Herbert Schmidt and Dr. McChesney.
McChesney is playing fine tennis and with
young Schmidt made a strong combina
tion at the net.
played on the courts in the afternoon.
Chet Smith and Harry Rolfe joined forces
and caused quite a surprise by breaking
even with Sidney Salisbury and Frank
Strlngham. Each side won two sets.
Smith and Rolfe lobbed from start to
finish, while their opponents played at
the net constantly. The younger play
ers are beginning to learn that a lob is
the best back court stroke In a double
match and the hardest to play against.
SIXTH RACE— Selling; Withers mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
20 to 1 — The Fiddler, »C (J. Jones). 2 1 1 h
20 to 1 — Flara. 101 (Creamer) 1 6 2 1%
6 to 1 — Enue. f»3 (Houbre) 4 3 3 1 Vi
Time. 1:41. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. T. T. Cromwell's b. g. by Falsetto-Ca
chuca. Joe Cobb 106, Outsider 10S, Gold Van
110, Clnclnnatus 101, aleo ran.
FIFTH RACE — The Municipal handicap; one
and three-quarter miles, ov?r the hill:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— M. Daingerfleld. 120 (Odm) 2 3 11
10 to 1 — Cs.ughnawaga,113 <Coburn) 7 4 24
40 to 1 — Warranted. 68 (J. Jones).. 5 B 8 1*4
Time, 2:57. Start fair. Won driving. Winner.
TV. B. Leeds' bile. o. by Handfprlng-Mondrou.
Eugenia Burch 109, Hunter Raine 109, Surmise
05, Alabach 102, Douro 117, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Selling; two-year-olds;
five ar.d a half furlor.^s; on Ecllpee course:
B*ttjr.jr. Horpe. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Monet, 101 (Redfern) 1 4 1 h
12 to 1— Emergency, »1 (E. Walsh) 6 7 2 h
6 to 1 — To! San, S«3 (DeSouza) 7 5 3 h
Time. 1 :04 4-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner. EC L.. McGinns' ch. c. by TJen-MMrose.
Mordella 81. Burdett" 103. Thistle Heather
105. Topic 100. Kagle 100, lllmon 04. San Kemo
92. Charlie Fisher 00, Donnelly 100, Ogalala
H>, Sallet 90, Golden Mineral DC, M. Thr>o 95,
Gold Tip 02, Edna Edwards SO, also ran.
THIRD RACE — The Nursery handicap, two
year-olds; Eclirse course:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Race King, 114 (Gannon). 6 5 1 1>4
4 to 1 — Grenade, 115 (Boisel) 9 7 2h
15 to 1— Divination. 10S (Hioks)... 7 3 3 *i
Time, 1:10 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, O. L. Richards' cfc. c. by Tenny-Or-
Cerlette. Beldame 116. Mlnola 107. Monadnock
10«, Lady Amelia 116, Green Crest 9S, The
Minute Man 12T«. Ormonde's Right 125, Crown
Prince 106. Wotan 107, also ran.
SECOND RACE — The Championship Stee
plechase; four-year-olds and upward;^ about
three and a half miles:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
to 3 — Land of Clover. 167 (Veitch) 7 8 15
6 tJ 1 — The Ragged Cavalier, 152
(M. Smith) 4 2 26
5 to 2— Zlr.zlber, 1G3 (W. Heider). 3 1 85
Time. 7:14. Start fair. Won cleverly. Win
ner, Mr. Chamblet'a b. g. by Flatlands-Lucky
Clover. Barcn Pepper 153, Fulminate l«rt.
Self Protection 160. Silver Twist 140. ValJ?z
168, Borough 16C, Lavatur 170, also ran.
Old trainers took off their hats to
"Jimmy" McLaughlin after Race King
had won the famous Nursery handicap.
He defeated a large field, of which Or
mondes Right and The Minute Man each
had top weight, 125 pounds.
Tho attendance to-day was Morris
Park's record breaker for the season.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Selling;; ail ages; seven fur
longs:
Bsttlr.gr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. 8t. «i Fin.
12 to 1— Mamie Worth. 107 (Burns) 3 1 1 h
1 to 6 — Hermis. 122 (Redfern) 2 2 22
tt to 1— H. Chancellor, 110 (ONll) 4 3 3 3
Time, 1 :28. Start baJ. Wen driving. Winner,
J. Worth's Chestnut filly by St. George-Ethel
Thomas. Himself 115, also ran.
William B. I^eeds and several of his
associates In the syndicate which built
America's cup defender Reliance were
pleased and delighted spectators of the
Municipal handicap at a mile and three
quarters, for which there were eight start
ers. Leeds' racer. Major Daingerfleld, al
lotted 120 pounds by the handicapper and
ridden by Odom succeeded in defeating
John Sanford's daughnawaga, 113 pounds,
Coburn up, by a small margin after a
struggle which endured all the way
through the homo stretch.
Major Daingerfleld made a new world's
record for the distance, covering it In
2:57, one second faster than the best pre
vious time, made by Africander at Sara
toga this year.
MORRIS PARK, N. T., Oct. ,3.— From
a, spectacular as well as a racing point
of view the Champion steeplechase was
the event of the day at Morris Park.
There were no heartburnings when Mr.
Cftamblefs nve-year-old gelding Land of
Clover, carrying 167 pounds and well rid
den by Silas Veitch, came home an easy
winner from another excellent and con
sistent performer. The Ragged Cavalier,
while Mr. Chamblet's Zinzibar was third
after materially aiding In the defeat of
The Ragged Cavalier, which was at all
times a dangerous contender, especially
after Lava tor fell.
8pecl«l Dispatch to The Call.
Land of Clover Takes Cham
pion Steeplechase at
Morris Park.
Horsemen Think B. P. Chil
son May Have Dropped
In a Ringer.
Chicago's Racing Scene Will
Now Shift to Worth
Track.
Wins Forward Stakes
at Harlem Without
Effort.
Biggest "Killing" of the
. " Year Is Made at
Sausalito.
Municipal Handicap Is
Captured by Major
Daingerfleld.
HANGS UP NEW
WORLD'S RECORD
ENGLISH LAD'S
EASY VICTORY
BOOKIES ARE HIT
BY THE FIDDLER
Continued From Page 34, Column 5.
even rougher if the California had its first
class crew along. In the second half the
Californians made four more touchdowns,
all four by Kittrcll, who had been substi
tuted. Three goals were kicked, malting
it 61 to 0 altogether. The sallormen never
everr threatened the wreckers, though
they fought as If they might get thero
some time. The line-up for the first half
was as follows: .
Navy School. Positions. California.
Hall Center Stroud
AcufT. . . . R.— G. — It Stow
BateS...\ ...... L.—G.—R ............Gray
Melvln R.— T.— Li ..* Forse
Toble L. — T.— R .'. . . . .Heltmuller
Ray :.. R^*-E.— L Demerttt
Hull .L.— E.— R Sabln
McClure R.— Half— L. ..Risley
Smalian It. — Half — R .... ..SnedlKar
Jones , . . . Fullback More
Dare. .» Quarter Geary-
This team was almost wholly substi
tuted in the second half by the following
players: H. W. Howard, center; Heit
muller, right guard; H. M. Howard, left
tackle; Forse, right tackle; Reed, left
guard; Clary, right end; Craig, left end;
Muther, right half; Klttrell, left half;
Boynton, full back, . «. . .„ i
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 3.^-Georye
F. Maddock, assistant professor of electrical
engineering , at Stanford, has resigned his ¦ po
sition ¦ to', become superintendent of an engine
works at Springfield, III. He - will be suc
ceeded by William R. Eckart Jr., a" graduate
of Cornell. Mr. Eckart has been employed
since graduation at • an engineering plant in
San ' Francisco. ¦¦
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 3.— The Na
tional Prison Association of tie United
States held the. opening session of its
annual" congress. here to-night, the dele
gates crowding Music Hall to suffocation.
The ' opening session . was devoted for the
most part to 'welcoming addresses by
State and city officials and to responses
by officers of the association. The con
gress will continue for six days and near
ly every State and Canada is • represent
ed. The feature of to-night's nession was
the address of the president, Henry "Wol
fer, Warden of the State Penitentiary,
Still water, Minn., in which he condemned
lynching. ;
Prison Congress Meets.
Johnny Reagan, who Is to fight Frankle
Neil in Los Angeles shortly, passed
through this city yesterday en route
south. - ¦¦P2*BBB&9B0&
Aurelia Herrera is anxious to fight Ed
die Hanlon. His manager, Biddy Bishop,
posted J250 as forfeit money yesterday.
This is to go to make up a^lOOO side bet
If the match is made.
Herrera Wants to Fight Hanlon.
.Tarnf? Mearns and J. M. Duncan beat Sam
uel Irvine and G. W. Elder, 21 to 12: M. L.
Crowe beat J. Gray. 21 to 16; J. C. Moffat beat
Joseph Gray. 21 to 20; R. Dalzlel and XV. Wat
son beat A. Freeman and Dr. Gunn, 21 to 19:
Dr. Hamilton and A. Hay beat Alex. Craig and
D. Dalzlel, 21 to 15; H. L. Tichner and Wil
liam Watson tied Q. C. Patternon and E. C.
Medau, 21 to 14 and 15 to 21; R. Dalzlel and
G. Gunn beat A. Forman and J. Stott, 21 to 17;
Thomas McNaught and G. Gunn beat J. M.
Earsroan and J. Stott. 21 to 14.
time scoring his twenty-one points.
In the match between W. R. Eaton and
A. A. McVicar play was exceedingly close
until the twenty-flrst end, vrhen Eaton by
eome clever playing scored three points.
This turned the tide in his favor and he
won, 21 to 14.
Alex Craig, one of the new bowlers of
the club, who is rapidly coming to the
front, took A. B. Magulre into camp by a
score of 21 to 15. Both played weir and
Craig owes his victory to his scores In
the eighth and ninth ends.
The last tournament match, which end
ed at a late hour, proved the closest and
most interesting of the day. John Mc-
Laren, who Is slated to reach the finals,
lived up to expectations by downing A.
R. Patterson, one of the strongest play
ers. The score was 21 to IS.
The following practice matches were
played:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4,. 19 03.
BERKELEY. Oct. 3.— The dedicatory
ceremonies of the University of Califor
nia's new Greek Theater were brought
to a close yesterday afternoon with an
elaborate production of Racine's famous
French tragedy "Phedre." in which
the cleverest of the student body partici
pated, aided by the wise men of the fac
ulty. The great amphitheater contained
an audience of between 2000 and 3000 peo
ple, wlya enthusiastically voted the en
tertainment eaual in merit to the come
dies of the Greek and the French that
had preceded It.
35
, •' u ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OFFER TO WEAK MEN
Do You Want to x^^^^^i^^^^Nl Everybody Ad-
Amongrfen?" V a Strong Man.
Write To-Day. \ Vj *:WZ*^F ~W ArC Y ° U ° ne?
I WILL PAY $1000 FORFEIT
For a case of isfcrvous Debility, Varicocele, Early Decay, Rheumatism, Lame Back,. Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease
that has not gone as far as Bright's Disease, Indigestion, Constipation or any weakness caused from ignoring the laws pf nature
which I cannot cure \vith\my new improved Electric Belt, the marvel of electricians, the .most wonderful curative device that has
ever been introduced.
THIS BELT IS COMPLETE WITH FREE ELECTRIC SUSPENSORY FOR WEAK MEN.
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weaknesses of men, varicocele, etc. It develops and'expands
all weak nerves. No case of Failing Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can__resist the. powerful Electric Suspensory. It never fails to
cure. It is free with Belts for weak men. . • t
No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vital element which renders life worth living. No man should
allow himself to become less a man than nature intended him; no man should suffer fpr the mistakes of his youth when there is at
hand a certain cure for his weakness.
Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves, from which men suffer, are due to an early loss
of nature's reserve power through mistakes of youth. You need not suffer for this. You can be restored. The very element which
you have lost you can get back, and you may be as happy as any man that lives.
EASY TO WEAR! CURES WHILE YOU SLEEP! - NEVER FAILS!
Cures Nervous and Vital Weakness.^Enlargcd and Inflamed Prostate Gland, Lost Memory, Loss of Strength, Weak Back and Kidney Trou-
ble, Rheumatic Pains in Back, Hips, Shoulders and Chest, Lumbago, Sciatica, Torpid Liver, Indigestion, and Dyspepsia.
Stomach Trouble and Rheumatism Vital Weakness, Varicocele and Lame Back Lumbago, Catarrh, Cough
Tomalea. Marln Co.. Cal. Grass "gilley. Cal. 103O Carollna st ., 8aa Francisco, CM.
Dr. McLaughlin: Dr. McLaughlln: M c Mclaughlin:
Dear Sir: One could not imagine the siege of Buffering Dear Sir: Last July I purchased one of your hlsh-grade
I passed through, from Btomach trouble and rheumatism be- Belts Rnd ;an truthfully say that I have not felt th«* least Dear Sir: Two physicians had been treating: ma for con-
fore iaking.-j-our ,U*at,m*nt<- I had been subjected to severe bit of pain in my back since then. The pains which I sumption but your examination showed my obstln*t» courh
drag treatment, stomach pump treatment and diet treatment formerly had. and which were the result of the varicocele. frL h^ A .. m t _ „..-_», _# t v. .»„-,-->, T „•». .i.~ M *
without the least relief. I grew distrusted with them all and have also disappeared. I think the Belt Is a wonder, and to " d a tO catarrh of the stomach. I was also tnfitrtag
aa a Ia3t resort tried your Belt, three years ago. In three ft did not Inconvenience me In the least while I wa^ wear- from lumbago and weak back. In two. weeks your electric
days I could fling away- my cane and in three months was ln»r It. I began to pick up a short time after I commenced belt greatly relieved my courh arid catarrh and within one
a new man. entirely cured and felt better than I had for Its use. and the fact that I am- able to tell you of my com- _„_.», .1. _,_. _„•_ __,» __„_.. _„._ _,„«. -»r»__ v-t* __
years. Several of my friends have since purchased your plete cure has riven me such confidence in the treatment month a11 "* P* !n » and cou «* wer » *«>•. Tour belt wu
Belts. I would not part with mine for J1C00 if I could not that I gladly recommend it to any one suffering as I did tne **** investment I ever made, and I would not part wlta.
get another. Yours truly. JOHN B. GUAY. Yours very truly, CLARENCE JENKINS (Box G76). it for $1000. Yours sincerely, JOHN JOHNSON.
Call and Test It To=Day! If You Can't Call Send for My Book-Free.
I know that no man remains a weakling because he wants to; I am sure you want to overcome every indication of early decay that has
shown itself on you. I don't think the man lives who would not like to feel as big and strong as a Sandow, and I know that if you have a reason-
able foundation to build upon I can make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you to know that — you who cannot believe it and
I want you to have my book, in which I describe how I learned that strength was only electricity, and how I learned to restore it; also I want to
tell you the names of some men who will tell you that when they came to me they were physical wrecks and are now among the finest specimens of
physical manhood.
I want you to read/this book and learn the truth about my arguments. If you are not as vigorous as you would like to be, if you have
rheumatic pains, weak kidneys, loss of .vitality, prostatic troubles, nervous spells, varicocele or any ailment of that kind, it would assure you future
happiness if you would look into this method of mine. Don't delay it; your best days are slipping by. If you want this book I send it closely
sealed, free, if you send this ad. Call for free consultation. ?
NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES OR BY AGENTS.
DR. M. C. McLAUQHLIN, 906 Market St., san ab francisco.
Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Straet. Los Angeles —12& South Springs Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NONE AS GOOD
AS PFISTER'S.
$3.00 JERSEYS, Special, $2.50
$3.50 SWEATERS, Special, 83.00
$4.00 SWEATERS, Special, $3.50
ATHLETIC SUPPLIES
pipUT IN QUALITY! i
mUll I IN PRICE!
Gym Suits, Bathing Suits, |tf ff»fj& "^ / 4^
Tennis Rackets and Balls, |j |j /1L4^ tiM/iU
Caps and Shoes for all Sports j
- — "-. - . — knitJtingcd.
open Saturdays tin 10:00 p.m. 60 Geary St., San Francisco
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
.^ jgg|(j Q Q fc) fcJUDOaES_\
OF BEER, DECLARE
".-- Superior from all polnti oi
view; Possessing absolute pur-
ity, proper age and Honest
.Flavor. Adapted to all tastes
according to Brew end Brand.
EXPORT ' WEBER PRIVATE STOCK MUEHCHEIER
Ask for "BIiATZ" at Club or Bar. ;.
YAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MBLWAUKEE.
Braunschweiger & Co., inc.
r', *5 and 7 DRUMM S T.. San Francisco,
i TeL . ; Main 1846. ¦ ' ; Wholesale ' DeaJer*.Mrs. F. C. McKinnie and Mrs. A. F. de
Freze of Los Angeles gave a reception on
Thursday in honor of Mrs. O. Berman
and daughter Irma of San Francisco, who
are visiting In Los Angeles. The Ber
mans have been: very extensively enter-
Miss E. Calish has returned home after
a pleasant visit with relatives and friends
In Los Angeles,. and Is living with her sis
ter and her brother-in-law, Mr. and Mrs.
George G. Gauld, at 3009 Sacramento
street, and will be at home on Tuesdays.
Mrs. Charles P. Huff (nee Kleinberg)
has returned' to her home in this city,
1118 Turk street, after a two months' visit
to the Puget Sound Navy Yard.
• • ,*
Mrs.' M. Brealauer and her daughter
Mamie of Chico are stopping at 904 Van
Ness avenue, where they* will be pleased
to see their friends. From here they go
to Oregon and Washington on a pleasure
trip.
PERSONALS.
of decorated pink wood. Those present
of the Amaryllis Club were: Mrs. John
Cooke, Miss Clara Cooke, Mrs. A. Bond,
Mrs. George Austin, Mrs. Tessie Cooke,
Miss Charlotte Holliday. Miss Mamie
Blaumford, Mrs. P. Troy, Mrs. ,M. Troy,
Mrs. James McKenzie, Mrs. A. Smith,
Mrs. Fannie Cooke; also Mrs. D. R. Do
gan, Mrs. Phelps, Mrs. B. de Pas, Mrs.
Staples. Mrs. Etta Van Pelt, Mrs. Wil
liam Scow, Miss Deborah Poulsen and
Miss Saddle Troy. Many were the wood
en gifts, and an enjoyable afternoon was
spent.
HOME PARTIES.
A very pleasant affair took place at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. J. Delaney on
September 20 In honor of the birthday of
Oscar Sporgeon. During the evening
many vocal and instrumental sdloe were
rendered and at midnight a delicious sup
per was served. The dining-room was
decorated with the national colors. The
ho»t is connected with the United States
ctramer Golden Gate. It was a delightful
affair.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Jay announce the
bar mltzvah of their son Max at the
Taylor-street Synagogue. They mill re
ceive their friends to-day at CQH Post
street.
¦ A reception was held at the home of
Mrs. L. N. Davids, 106 Clara avenue, on
Thursday last. In honor of the fifth an
niversary of her wedding. The par
lors were decorated In pink amaryl
lis, an emblem the club In which she
belongs. The president, Mrs. John
Cooke, in behalf of the club, pre
sented to the hostess an elegant* wooden
pedestal. The table was set under a can
opy of smilax and .pink sweet p«as. The
dixhes and knives, forks and sdooo* vera
MOBE LOUVRE ANTIQUES
PRONOUNCED COUNTERFEIT
Artist Offers to Prove Treasure Was
Made in France and Sent to
» ' Pompeii.
PARIS, Oct. 3.— At the moment when
the authorities of the Louvre are hoping
the public Is forgetting the sorrowful his
tory of the spurious tiara of Saltaphernes
they are now confronted with a statement
that the Boscoreale treasure is a forgery.
This treasure was discovered In Pompeii
in i£SS and Dresented to the Louvre. Ed-
The members of "La Puerta de Oro"
Chapter, Daughters of the American Rev
olution, held their September meeting at
the residence of Mrs. L. R. Tuttle, 1507
Steiner street. Nominations for officers
and | directors were made. Mrs. Austin
Spcrry receiving the renomlnatlon for re
gent and Mrs. Charles Snydam for secre
tary. Mrs. Tuttle, who Is a most delight
ful hostess, • provided a 'charming musical
programme, which was rendered by the
following artists: Miss Juliet Greninger,
soprano; Reginald Marrack, barytone;
Miss Ethelwyn Marrack, accompanist.
"The Dolly Madison two step," dedicated
to the Daughters of the American Revo
lution, was played for the first time here
by Miss Clara Senton. The reading of
"The Children of the Republic" by Miss
Susanne Patch was appreciated and re
ceived great applause. A social hour was
spent, during which dainty refreshments
were served. The election will take place
at the residence of Mrs. Henry P. Tricou,
814 Grove street, on October 13.
Mrs. E. B. Vreeland entertained the
members of the Mission Literary Club
at her beautiful home, 1282 Weber street,
Alameda, Thursday. September 21. Selec
tions were read from Dickens and a de
lightful luncheon served. Those present
were: Mrs. J. Kemp, Mrs. E. B. Vreeland.
Mrs. T. Morrln, Mrs. T. Banks, Mrs. T.
Farless, Mrs. W. Hewitt, Mrs. M. F.
Bruker, Mrs. P. Leech, Mrs. C. A. Rogers,
Mrs. E. J. Thayer, Mrs. M. T. Walker,
Mrs. A. Laumelster, Mrs. S. Brown and
Miss E, Banks.
vlco president, for her untiring efforts In
bringing the club to Its present standing
and for credit due her for success of the
open meeting on September 3. It was de
cided to vote Mrs. Duffey an honorary
member. After the meeting the ladles
enjoyed a delicious luncheon.
A small scenic railway was constructed
some time ago at S25 Francisco street by
Dr. Thomas I. Janes has returned from
New York and other Eastern cities.
Mr. and Mrs. T. K. Phillips, accompa
nied by Miss Mabel Phillips, have left
San Francisco for an extended Eastern
trip.
Mrs. W. D. and Miss Nellie B. Waters,
wife and daughter of Battalion Chief
Waters, have Just returned from Mc-
Dowells Springs, Northern California.
Mrs. M. Levy and family of 1412 Web
ster street have moved to 2715 Pine street.
tained during their southern tour. Their
next stay will be at Santa Barbara.
The directors held their regular first
Thursday meeting on October 1. Mrs.
E. B. Grace, who presided, was delighted
with the showing and success of the past
six months. Complimentary to the board
and to show her appreciation she has ar
ranged a theater party for next' week,
the directors to be her guests. A letter
of thanks was voted Mrs. Eugene Duffey,
Section 1— Mesdames Walsh, Joy, Cos
tello, Jones, t>1us 5. Section 2— Mesdames
Kinsey, Treat, Weston, Andrews, plus 3.
Section 3— Mesdames Saldler, Gallagher,
Bennett, Shetterley, plus 3. Section 4—
Madames O'Brien, Cline, Duffey, Ross,
plus 1. Straight whist prize on Monday,
September 28, was won by Mrs. J. Cos
tello.
Following are scores for September 24
The California Women's Whist League
played the first game of the duplicate
series on Thursday, September 17. Fol
lowing are tho scores:
Section 1— Mesdamcs Walsh, Joy, Jones,
Duffey, plus 1. Section 2— Mesdames An
drews. Weldon, Treat, 4 Deering, plus 9.
Section 3— Mesdames Gallagher, Shetter
ley; Bennett, Morrill; plus 1. Section 4—
Mesdames Grissim, O'Brien, Buckley,
Ross, plus 2.
CLUB PARTIES.
Richard G. Fontana. It Is open to the
public daily from 3:30 to 5 p. m., the pro
ceeds to be devoted to the Children's Hos
pital.
Mrs. Reeves Atkinson and her daugh.
ter, Mrs. Bert Wadsworth, are at the An
geles, in Los Angeles. .
A tally-ho ride was given last week by
Mrs. J. H. Northon to the following la
dies: Mrs. Frank R. Grannls. Mrs. Gua
Lawton, Mrs. Webster Welbanks. Mrs.
Ella Hancock, Mrs. Carrie B. McLane,
Mrs. Harrison Houseworth and Mrs.
Onelda Austin. - .'. .
Jews Deny Story of Massacre.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. S.— Leading
Jews here declare the story of a mas
sacre at Mohlleff-Podolsky to be untrue.
Resolved. That we have no ticket in the
field. We therefore ask our union brothers to
vigorously oppose In this election the ticket
which unfortunately bears their name, but
which was not born of their spirit and does
not bear their likeness. .
mond Rothschild Ellna, the artist, offers
to furnish proofs that tho treasure was
manufactured in Paris and sent to Pom
peii.
Albert Lowy, a learned Austrian doc
tor, asserts that the celebrated stele
(stone tablet) of Mesa, In the Louvre,
which the British Museum wanted, is
spurious. He suspected this as early as
1S87, and after two years of investigation
has just issued a book to show that the
monument is not genuine. It is entitled:
"The Authenticity of the Moabite Inscrip
tion of the Louvre Front to a New Test."
This Btele was bought at the suggestion
of Mr. Clermont-Ganneau, who long sus
tained the authenticity of the tiara of
Saltaphernes. ; - ~ ; ' :
Resolved. That we cannot recognize the
Union Labor convention, so-called, recently
held In San Francisco, because It was con
ceived in "boss politics" and a large majority
of lt« members were under one Abranam Huef.
in no sense representative of union labor; and
further be it
Whereas. Eugene E. Schmitz has proved by
his every act since his election that he is not
in harmony with the principles , of* union la
bor, but is entirely in sympathy with the sys
tem of "boss politics"; and
Whereas. The action of Eugene E. Schmitz
at the primary on August 11, 1003. In
opposing the interest of the Union
Labor party. by methods which the
party renudiates In Its organic law, brands
him as an enemy of labor and allied with its
bitterest enemies — the "bosses" of politics; and
¦Whereas. We have ample proof of all that
is herein generally alleged, and of further spe
cific allegations yet to be recorded, all of
which shall be submitted "to a candid pub
lic" during the progress of the campaign;
therefore, be It ."
Whereas. Unfair advantage was taken of the
perty at its very mclpiency by a would-be Re
publican boss, who was responsible for the ex
istence of an organization known as the Re
publican Primary League, and who foisted
upon the Union Labor party, as Its candidate
for Mayor, a member of that league, who was
technically, but not really, a union labor
man; and
were unanimously adopted:
Wherea.*, The Union Labor party came into
existence by reason of the necessity for "the
people" to do something forthwith to break
up the pernicious system of "dobs politics",
that had been violating the spirit of our con
stitution In greater degrees with each recur
ring election, until our Government Is fast be
coming nothing but a recording machine for
the behests of capitel. and the great mass of
our voters are being practically disfranchised,
because they have no voice In the selection
of the candidates, whom they are expected to
elect; and
The Union Labor Central Club, which
was ap active agency two j'ears ago in
support of Eugene E. Schmitz and the
Union Labor ticket, now repudiates the
Mayor, and stigmatizes the recent so
called Union Labor convention as a plia
ble, boss governed aggregation of politi
cal schemers. Two hundred members at
tended the meeting of the club last night.
The following- preamble and resolutions
Bepudiates Mayor Schmitz and Con
demns His Methods.
UNION LABOR CENTRAL CLUB.
I We are told that there Is a united Republi
can party. We have also been recently ln-
I formed that there is a harmonious Democracy.
(Laughter.) Well, I am not certain that there
is a united Republican party. I don't believe
that the party of Lincoln, of Garfleld. of Me-
Klnley and of Roosevelt has united on a man
standing for what Henry J. Crocker stands for
In this campaign. (Applause.) And I don't
think you believe it. (Applause.) And t am
equally certain that there Is not a harmonious
Democracy. I think 1 know something of the
IXrnocratlc party. My first vote, my evpry
I vote has been cast for the Democratic Presi-
I dential electors. I know what Democratic prln
i clples are and I know what the Democratic
party has stood for in the upDuilding of our
pood country, the fairest and best country on
the face of God's green rarth to-day. (Ap
plause.) And I know that the Democratic party
of San Francmco Is not and never will be har
m6nlcus under the domination of Gavin Mc-
Xab The Democratic party of San. Francisco
! don"t like the tones of his music, and I don't
! wonder at It. There Is no harmony In the
• Democratic household, and I never could hear
I any harmony in the eo-called music of the bag
! pipes. (Applause.)
Dr. . John. F. Dillon, candidate for Cor
oner, delivered an excellent speech. His
remarks were witty and he held his audi
tors by the skill with which he discussed
ther issues of the campaign. Addresses
were made by Powel Fredrick, candidate
for County Clerk; Miles L. Farland, can
didate for Tax Collector; William G.
Burke, candidate for City Attorney, and
: many of the Supervisorial candidates.
¦ There was also singing by the Pierce
quintet, and the meeting concluded with
! cheers for Mayor Schmitz and the rest
| of the ticket.
Disguise It as they may. the conflict is on
and as was broadly stated by one of the. little
coterie controlling the Republican organization
of this city, this is . a proper time to array
capital asrainst labor. If the friends of labor,
if tho laboring men. if the citizen who values
peace In this community, ever needed to be
vigilant, he needs It now. Be alert, be vigi
lant, the rumbling of the battle Is heard In
the distance. Capital — aggressive, soulless
capital is thoroughly organized.' Its plots are
deeply ' laid. It has unlimited resources at
command. Its forces are In battle array and
am marching on proudly and defiantly to the
victory which it think* Is theirs. At the head
of this attacking force is the millionaire
Crocker, the candidate of -the Employers' As
sociation, and every "enemy of labor is march
ing on; on our flank are the Hessians. McXab
and fallen Crothers of the unspeakable Bulle
tin
Beat Schmitz.
Speaker Says Money Is Being Used to
CAPITAL IS ABBAYED.
One of the prettiest weddings of the
season was that of Miss Myna Hep
burn, daughter of Mrs. Louise Hep
burn, and granddaughter of the late Col
onel Burton Hepburn of Columbus, Ga.,
to Fred Lloyd Hall of Newcastle, well
known in horticultural circles. The wed
ding took place at the charming home of
the bride, 1130 Haight street. Rev. George
McClellan Richmond, a lifelong friend of
the groom, performing the ceremony.
Miss Nettie Schnabel of Newcastle was
maid of honor. The bridesmnids were
Miss Bertie Shaw and Miss Florence Wil
son. Dr. Earl Clement and LUcerne Wit
tenmeyer officiated as ushers. The bride
was gowned in white' silk muil over taf
feta. The bridal v5ll was of exquisite
lace, an heirloom in- the family. The
bridesmaids wore attired in pink organdie.
After the ceremony Misses Ella and Belle
Hepburn and the bridesmaids assisted the
bride In receiving her guests in the large
salon parlors, which were decorated with
palms and La France roses. Later in the
evening a wedding supper was served and
the bride and groom toasted. About three
hundred guests were present. Both Mr.
and Mrs. Hall have a large circle of
friends in the city and vicinity and were
the recipients of many handsome pres
ents. After a honeymoon trip In the
southern part of the State they will make
their home across the bay, where Mr.
Hall is engaged in business.
James S. Wells of Black Diamond, Cal.,
and Edith G. Groeper of this city were
married at the bride's home on Saturday,
September 19, Rev. L. E. Belzcr officiat
ing.
Miss Blanche Gilllland and Harry C.
Bickford, a prominent young j business
man of this city, were quietly married on
Wednesday evening by Rev. Dr. G. Gru
well. Tho bride, who Is a pretty girl of
many social attainments, is the daughter
of W. J. Gilllland. a retired merchant of
St. Joseph. Mo. The young people will
reside nt 2010 Howard street after hav
ing returned from a short wedding trip.
WEDDINGS.
The engagement of Miss Clara Cow
perthwalte of Berkeley to Mark Nye of
Willows was announced at a tea given
at . the Kerillwoftn by Mrs. Loul Lull
Lawton.
Mrs. R. B. Pechner announces the en
gagement of her daughter Cecilia to
Henry L. Klein of Los Angeles.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Flora Green to David K. Loden. Their
reception will be held on Sunday, October
11. from 2 to 5 o'clock, at their residence,
1228 Golden Gate avenue.
• • •
The announcement la made that Mlsa
Virginia Rodgers Nokes and Lieutenant
John Burke Murrfhy, U. S. A., will be
married on the 27th of this month. Mr.
Murphy received orders last week trans
ferring him to Fort Russell. Cheyenne,
Wyo., so It was decided that the wed
ding should take place before his depar
ture. They will be married at the home
of Miss Nokes' grandparents, Captain and
Mrs. Augustus F. Rodgers, and the wed
ding will be exceedingly quiet, only rela
tives and the most Intimate friends being
present.
The engagement Is announced of Mlsa
Ottllle Schucklng, formerly of this city
but now residing at 227 East Seventy
second street. In New York." and William
Graf of Constanz. Germany. The wed
ding will take place, the latter part of
next month.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Madro announce tho
engagement of their daughter Lillian to
Alfred M. Tansey of Chicago.
ENGAGEMENTS.
ple with social debts to pay
are dexterously getting busy. There are
a number of Interesting weddings on the
cards for the early future and scores of
pleasant affairs to be given In honor of
the embarking young people.- A busy
winter is promised.
mS tho autumn days are length,
enlng activity In social circles
grows apace. The clubs have
all gone Into executive ses
sions, societies have likewise
. taken on new vigor and peo-
Labor party, was next Introduced and
spoke In part as follows:
Mr. Chairman, Ladles and Geneltmen, Fel
low-workers and Frienda of the Union Labor
Party: The Union Labor party for the sec
ond time places before the voters of San
FrandBco a municipal ticket with the same
promise of honesty and integrity In the admin
istration of public affairs made to the voters
of San Frandico two yean ago, and we are
Justified and supported in this campaign by
the excellent record made by our excellent
leader here present, the Honorable Mayor Eu
gene E. Bchmltz. (Applause.)
we come before the people of San Fran
cisco In this campaign with the confidence in
spired by the good results not only for the
Interests of the tolling masses.' but for the
interest of all the clacces of San Francisco,'
by the election of a union labor Mayor two
short years ago. (Applause.)
This campaign, which we open here to-night.
Is the most important one In the history of
San Francisco, for by your votes you must
determine one. month from to-day whether
organized labor,, whether this entire commu
nity will continue In lta onward course, ' or
whether we shall at this time take a backward
step. You must determine whether the pres
ent peaceful industrial conditions shall pre
vail, whether that prosperity shall continue
which our Golden Gated city has been blessed
with for the last two years, or whether we
will be again confronted with those alarming
and damaging conditions which prevailed dur
ing the closing days of the McXab-Phelan
reign. (Applause and hoots.)
Continued From Page 33, Column 7.
HIM SHIM! 1 II1KSS,
IN SOCIETY'S
GAY WHIRL
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
36
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^ARareSilk Waist!
..Opportunity., j
Tou may thank the fusslnesg of our I
¦watst people for these extraordinary |
bargains.
They are particular to crankiness
about their treasures, and won't allow
a wal.n that shows even the tiniest soil
to .linger In their, stock. .
Here's' he List:
I Pretty, Silk Wnlntit- all colors—
slightly soiled — worth $2.60, |2.65 and
$2.U5 — your choice *R I Qlk
iiandaomc iiik U'nUtN — sev-
eral styles — all colors— slightly . shop-
worn — worth $3.50 to $4.25 u!(> QA I
—your choice ..'. Oi5#t/U
h nenntlful Silk Walati- many
fl styles — all colors — slightly soiled —
¦ worth $4.50 to $5.95 — <£Q Oft*
¦ . — your choice O O • C7 \J •
B - HicKitnt Silk Wttlat*— several
I styles — all colors — slightly ehop-worn —
¦ worth $6.00 to $7.50— your ajy4 Oft
Q choice OT'tO'U
a Sttmniusr Silk Wni*t«— two
different styles — all colors — slightly
soiled— worth $8.00 and €^ Oft
$S.5O— now 3>3.«U
Swell Silk "Walstw— three differ-
ent styles— all colors — slightly soiled —
reduced from $10 and CO Mft
$10.50 to .......: 9>O««yU
Rich Silk WnJatM-^several styles
— all colors — slightly aolled— reduced
from $11.50, $12.00 and ar>Y Oft
$12.50 to .....: *& * »yU
Svrasrgrcr . Silk Waists— three
styles — all colors — slightly soiled —
reduced from $13.50 and <CJU Oft
$15.00 to f.... ©CI»OU
They'll be quickly taken — come as
soon as you can. • . -
I THE
V W , m »«iiin.«i mil ¦ 1 iniNii ¦
THE beautiful series of art reproductions,
in color, now being given free as a sup-
I plement to The Sunday Call, will be
materially enhanced in value by the addition of
the magnificent picture to be distributed next
Sunday.
This beautiful picture is the work of the
eminent German artist, Adolph Schreyer, and
is called "The Arab Scout."
THE ARAB SCOUT.
This title, which has been given to many of the pictures of Al-
gerian horsemen painted bv Adolph Schreyer. was never better ap-
plied than to the one which furnishes the subject of; The Call Art
Supplement.
The alert and cautious attitode of the rider and the careful man-
ner in which the horse is shown picking his way through a trackless
waste suggest forcibly that they are on uncertain ground, where un-
seen foes may be met at any moment.
Schreyer was a romanticist. He seemed to regard the horse with
much the same love and respect that the Arabs bestow upon what they
consider God's most precious gift to man.
He also surrounded the Arab with a glamour of romance. The
free adventure of their nomadic lives, their skill in horsemanship and
the use of firearms, the wealth of color and ornament in their cos-
tumes and trappings for their steeds are dwelt upon in his pictures
< with a fond attention which indicates an absorbing interest in them.
Few painters have adhered to a class of subjects — one might say
a s-ntjle subject — as closely as Schreyer.
In his earlv life he painted some scenes in which Wallachian team-
sters or field artillerv of various armies played a prominent part, but
vhen He hz<*- once become familiar with Arabs and their horses he
rarely attempted to paint other subjects.
Adolph Schrever was born in Frankfort-on-the-Main in 1828. He
studied drawine in the Stadel Institute in that city and studied horses
in a riding school. Later he pursued his art studies in Stuttgart.
Munich and Dusseldorf.
In 184S he traveled through Hungary. Wallachia and the land of
the Cossacks with the Prince of Thurn and Taxis.
He accompanied the Austrian army on its march through the
Par.ubian provinces in i8>i. and in 1856 traveled through Syria and
Egym.
In iRfo he visited Aleiers. and from that year until 1870 he re-
sided in Paris. In that rear he went to Kronberg. near Frankfort,
and nntfl his death he divided his time between. that place and Paris.
He received honors in many European exhibitions and is repre-
sented in many oublic galleries. He was a member of the Academies
of Antwerp and Rotterdam: was court painter to the Grand Duke of
Mecklenburg: was Chevalier of t4ie Order of Leopold.
In America his work has been immensely popular. Scarcely a
tvsWic or private collection of any importance is without one or sev-
eral n{ his paintines.
The Vanderbilt. Catherine Wolf. William Astor. August Belmont.
S'ebbins. Drexel. Walters. Morgan. Huntington, Butler and Rocke-
feller collections are a few in which he was. or is, represented bv im-
portant works.
The Chicago Art Institute possesses a most admirable example in
"Horses Fleeinefrom a Burning Stable." in the Munger collection
and Call readers will soon have this beautiful picture free as usual. "
TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL
Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS:
The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call
Art Supplements:
SACRAMENTO-Hevener. Mier & OAKLAND— E. J. Eaake. 13 Tele-
Co.. 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book sraph avenue; A. A. Barlow 263
store 817 K street. Twelfth street.
PETALUMA-H. S. Gutermute. J. CHICO-Fetters & Williams
M S AN y io°S^George Denne. M. Len- 71 S £* ™ t ECJ °- W - R FulI "'& Co..
Ze STOCKTON-Morri5 Bros.' book FRESNO-Sronce & Dick.
Ftore 20 North El Dorado street; REDDING— W. H. Bergh. "Bergh
Stockton Racket Store, 711 East Main Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston,"
Ftreef Gage'e art store.- 609 East Houston Furniture Company.
Main street; Weber's art store, 425 REDWOOD CITY— W. L. Kline.
East Main street. SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish, Cooke
MARYSVIL.LE— G. TV. Hall. Bros^, F. R, Hew, George Hoban
ALAMEDA— C. P. Magagnos, 135S JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co*
Park street. WILLOWS— Willows News Agency
NEWMAir&IjE^N^OJJ;;^^^^^^^^ yy~
== 0WiMi^ =====
Kearny and Sutter Sts. f^^^^^^P
Fifth Yearly Black Silk Sale
The chance is yours again to secure extraordinary values in Black Silks. — It is our 5th annual
sale of Silks and we can assure patrons who have attended former sales that this opportunity sur-
passes all previous occasions. We bought large quantities of New, Choice, High Grade bilks, aireci
from the manufacturers, specially for this event, at much below their regular values — whereby we
are able to quote the lowest prices ever known for similar goods.
Black Peau de Soie Silks Black Taffeta Silks
19 inches wide, worth 85c yard, sale price 6Tc 21 inches wide, worth 75c yard, sale price 55c
24 inches wide, worth $1.25 yard, sale price 95c 27 inches wide, worth $1.10 yard, sale price »uc
27 inches wide, worth* 1. 35yard, sale price $1.00 23 inches wide, worth $1.25 yard, sale price 95C
36 inches wide, worth $1.75 yard, sale price $135 36 inches wide, worth $1.50 yard, sale price $1.15
23 inches wide, worth $2.00 yard, sale price $1.50 54 inches wide, worth $2. 50 yard, sale price $2.00
Black Louisine Silks 'Black Satin Duchesse
20 inches, wide, worth 95c. yard, sale price 6Tc 19 inches wide, worth 95 C yard, sale price 75c
20 inches wide, worth $1.15 yard, sale price T5c 21 inches wide, worth $ 1.35 y ard > saIe P n . ce jJ'JJ
27 inches wide, worth £1.35 yard, sale price $1.00 22 inches wide, worth $1.65 yard, sale price $1.25
I Black Armure Silks Black Moire Faconne Silks
23 inches wide, worth $ 1 .35 yard, sale price $1.00 23 inches wide, worth $ 3.00 yard, sale price $1.75
21 incheswide, worth £1.75 yard, sale price $1.25 Black Fancy Figured Silks
Black Peau de Cygne Silks 20 inches wide, worth $1.25 yard, sale price 75c
27 inches wide, worth $1.50 yard, sale price$l.J5 21 inches wide, worth $i.50yard, sale price $1.00
Also Fancy White Silks
in a large variety of new, up-to-date stripe effects — silks that sell regularly at B5C
$1.00 and $1.25 per yard — your choice to-morrow at the special price of .Uwu
Notable Values in Umbrellas e^sT)
This is the first display of Umbrellas in their new quarters. We have never shown so many
styles — no matter what kind of Umbrella you are looking for — it is here — and priced right. This
week's values will include : —
"Our Rainy Day Special" in both ladies' and gents' Ladies' Umbrellas, made of best quality Union
sizes, made of good quality Gloria, with steel rod o _ Taffeta, steel rod, paragon frame, with fancy^^ -^
— 50 different style handles, each o5C pearl, wood and French horn handles, special. . V'-UU
.. Ladies' Gloria Silk Umbrellas, close rollers, steel Gents' Twilled Union Serge Umbrellas, steel frame
rods, with neat pearl, metal and wood handles, ei -- and rod, in a large variety of novelty wood^ -~
excellent value. $I.«D handles, best value ever offered at • v^-w«
Children's Umbrellas in great variety at 85c, $1.50, $1.75 and up to $3.50 each.
Ladies 9 Neckwear 45c. w An *7?« nt ™™-* .
( F irs t Floor K«r Dy S t.) W orsted Circular Capes
Actual Value 65C. and 75C. each. (T hlrd Floor Kearny St.) .
New and fashionable tailor-made Neckwear— These are exceedingly pretty capes, made by
charming creations, just received from the de- hand from best quality Shetland Floss, in the
signers — in silk, cotton and velvet — some hand- newest circular and umbrella shapes — the colors
made, some drawn work, others beaded and are solid white, black, light blue, pink and red,
braided, in white, black, light blue, red, black they also come in several pretty color combina-
with white and black and white mixed— over 100 tions and are without doubt the best values
styles to choose from, to-morrow at the /C p we "have ever offered at the price — C| CfJ
special sale price of, each. Hub special tomorrow 4) I .OU
Heaps of New Cushion Covers csss/isfb
Cushion Covers enough for half a dozen stores maybe seen in our Art Needlework Department.
We aim to give the best values and the newest ideas— a visit here tomorrow will convince you of
our leadership in this line. Monday's Specials:—
At 25c each — Cushion Top and back, tinted and outlined At 25C each— Tapestry Squares, size 24x24 Inches —
for working, in Smoker, Poppy, Elk, Autumn Leaf, Oriental designs in a large assortment of pretty
Floral and Conventional designs. colorings.
At 50c each— Cushion Top and back, great variety to At 75c each— Handsome Cushion Covers, made of Scrim,
choose from, in Japanese, Smoker, Figure^ Floral all ready for use, in the very choicest of Persian
and Conventional designs — all ready for working. designs and colors.
New Madras Curtains Imported Tapestries
(Second Floor Kearny St.) (Second Floor Suiter Street)
Exquisite Styles for Parlor. Splendid Values for Monday.
Handsome Imported Madras Curtains, tan ground, Linen Finish Tapestry— 52 inches wide, self colors and
with pretty colored embroidered flowers, in red, c _ ftrt In pretty floral designs, an excellent material for e _
green and blue, special per pair I>O.UU couch covers or portieres, per yard DOC
Fine Imported Madras Curtains, ecru ground, with con- Oriental Tapestry— 52 inches wide, Negus design In
ventional figures in dainty, two-color effects, c ftft handsome tan, red and blue effects — made strong __
very new and splendid value, per pair J|)D.UU with linen finish, special per yard 7SC
s h o p p 1 n g by mail ' Our New Fall Catalogue is now ready— It makes baying by
made 'easy j letter entirely satisfactory — Copies mailed free on request.
ADVERTISEMENTS. »
H39 CASH or CREDIT BBS
MATTING REMNANTS* SMYRNA RUGS
Regular 35c quality |Qt r Rerer»ib!e. 30x60 inches- o * «.
«^3V* this weak .' ol»30
REMNANT Fll I |\r, ART SQUARES
l »»-"« | '"*l'l • • ILUlilU Different design* »n^ » i
£!7«V.?!!^.... R -: 50c fS5s&g~£s^^
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO i
Free delivery within . 000 ?« 040 DflPT CT «>..i_ . j
100 miles. 000 10 342 rOST ST. E ? t , lm ? tul S^en for com-- <
Pleta hous« farnlshiaj. <
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SJMZA jtox. jvr'-^^my^^^^^j
! FKmrocrr <:crrrry&- s ** ¦ *'^v
-#££**££. JSX£crjf/crrj^ ~~ox
! STAATTOjr TJT/S \tr££/{ - GAUL OJt
DRt WILLIAMS
" ATI 6EARy^t^y
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are .removed by
DR. ana MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. ,Donohu«
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
23-29, with the electric needle without. pain cr
•car; permanency guaranteed; » hour* 1 to "4 p.m.SAN JOSE, Oct. 3.— The 9:20 a. m. train
of the Southern Pacific, bound j north,
struck a two-horse team at the Virginia
street crossing, smashing the wagon Into
kindling wood, but only slightly bruising
the' driver, Frank Neerona. a vegetable
peddler. All the signals of warning were
given before the crash. The horses were
not hurt.
San Jose Vegetable Peddler Gets Out
of Wreck With Slight
Bruises.
TRAIN SMASHES WAGON
BUT THE DRIVER ESCAPES
MADRID, Oct. 3.— The Government says
the report published in the United States
by a news agency that the' Queen Mother
and Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria
had arranged for tne. marriage of King
Alfonso to the Archduchess Eleanor, eld
est daughter of i the Archduke Charles
Stephen of Austria, is without foundation.
Alfonso's Marriage Not Arranged.
The wedding will take place at the cas
tle of tho Princess' cousin, tho Grand
Duke of Hesse-Darmstadt, who was first
married to another of Princess Alice's
relatives. Princess Victoria Melita, daugh
ter of the late Duke of Edinburgh. The
High Court of Hesse granted the Grand
Duke a divorce in . 1901 because of her
lively temper. She was accustomed, when
displeased, to throw table articles and
bric-a-brac at her husband.
Princess Alice's grandaunt. Queen Al
exandra of England, will be there, and
her aunts, the Czarina of Russia. Prin
cess Henry of Prussia and tho Archduch
ess Herglus of Russia, and Prince An
drew's grandfather, King Christian of
Denmark; his father and mother and the
reigning heads of half the German fed
eration also will be present. The father
of Princess Alice, Prince Louis of Batten
berg, captain of tha British battleship
Implacable, will of course witness tho
ceremony, with several British naval offi
cers. ' \i?4'
Princess Alice, who Is IS years of age,
Is described as being attractive. She is
third cousin of Prince Andrew, through
her father, and Is second cousin through
her mother. Prince Andrew is 21 years of
age.
BERLIN, Oct. 8.-7 The wedding of the
English Princess Alice of Battcnbere to
Prince Andrew, fourth son. of the King
of Greece, a,t Darmstadt, on Wednesday
next, will bring together In the little
grand ducal city the sovereigns of twenty
European states, great and small.
The damage to the buildings and ma
chinery is estimated at about $100,000 and
it will be three months before the plant
will be in operation again.
ED SCHAEFFER, water boy. •
GEORGE C. GEORGE, mealman.
GUT BRENNAN, yeastmaker.
JOHN WILSON, United States store
keeper.
The most seriously hurt are: ¦ James
Welch, United States gauger, face and
body badly scalded; Daniel Sachen, la
borer, right leg broken at knee; Charles
Lane, laborer, badly cut and scalded.
The great cylinder of copper crashed
through the cast wall'of the cooker-room
and on through the mill as though the
wall had been, tissue paper, shot in an
oblique and downward course through the
air, cut down. a large tree In Its night,
scattered a pile of lumber as if beams
and timbers had been so many straws
and landed 250 feet away from the start
of its flight.
Three of the four walls of the building
were blown out. Great gaps were rent
in. them from top to bottom, pulling the
roof with them and underneath that mass
of brick, mortar, beams and twisted ma
chinery lies the mangled corpse of John
Wileon, which may not be got out for a
day or two.
Nobody has a clear idea of what caused
the explosion.
PEORIA, 111.. Oct. 3.— Seven men were
killed and five others Injured by an ex
ploclon at Coming's distillery hero to-day.
One large section of the five-story build
ing was thrown Into the air by the burst
ing of a copper cylinder twenty feet in
length and eight feet in diameter. Every
man who was in the building at the time
of the explosion was Instantly killed, the
Injured being . men ' who were on the out
side. The dead: *
JAMES McMANUS, cookerman.
CHARLES C. POWELL, assistant en
gineer In cooker-room. '¦
• JAMES O'KEEFE, laborer.
Groom- to- Be Is Prince An
drew, Son of the King
of Greece. .
Copper Cylinder Hurtles
Through Walls, Landing
250 Feet Away.
Seven Men Are Killed
in Peoria Distillery
Disaster.
Princess Alice of Batten
berg Will Marry on
, Wednesday.
SCORE OF RULERS
TO SEE WEDDING
NONE ESCAPE
DIRE EXPLOSION
THE SAN FBANCISOO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
37
TtA.TT.WAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN EY. CO.
I_jH3SSH3E]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
HAIL-WAY COMPA3TS-.
Tlbuxon Perry, root of Market St.
BAST rSAXfCXSCO TO SAK BAFAEL.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3;30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
EUNDAT6— 8:00. »:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30.
5:C0. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAIT &AFAEL TO SAW F&AJTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:05, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Eaturdays — Extra, trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. rn.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leer* j In Effect I Arrive
5«n Francisco. [ Sept. 27. 1903. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Dettlsa- j Sun-" J Week
Day. I days. | tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a] 8:00 a 9:10 al 8:40 a
0:80 a Zgnaclo. 10:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p! 3:30 p 6:06 p| 6:20 p
5:10 pj 5:00 p 7:35 p)
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8 :00 a Xor a to. 10 : 40 a 10 :20 a
8:S0p 9:30 a Pttaluma. 6:05 p C:20p
fi:10p 8:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Eanta Rota,
7:30 a * \\ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35p 6:20 p
3:80p 3:50 p .
Windsor,
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 &
Lytton, - . •
3:50 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:33 p 6:20 p
j Cloverdalt.
7:S0a! 8:00 ai Hopland 110:40 ajlO:20 a
8:S0p| 8:S0p| and Uklah. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 aj 8:00 a| wllllts. | 7:35 p! 6:20 p
7:80a| 8:0Oa| |l»:40 a]10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 ai S:00al Sonoma. I 9:10 aj 8:40 a
5:10 pj C:00p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:S0a| 8:00 al ' 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Etbastopol. |7:35p 0:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Roea for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
E?rvllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hoplar.d for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kfclseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
l>ort tind Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springe, Blue Lake*. Laurel
l>ell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierly'e.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Brags,
I WtBtport. Usal: at Wllllts for Fort Brags.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
j vllle, Cutnmlngs, Bsll's Springs, Harris. Ol-
! ten's. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
i and Eureka.
Satvrday to Monday round-trip tickets at
! reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
'
B CALIFORNIA 1
1 LIMITED TO CHICAGO
m Leaves Mondays and Tharsdays
fj nt 8:30 a. m., through In 3*days (
ft with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa Fe Trains :
7:30 a. ra. ) fof Stock ton, Fresno, BaUersfield,
800 p' mJf Merced » Hanford and VUalia.
4.03 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Graad Canroa and
¦ • Chicago. ¦ -~ •'-.'¦
Ticket Offic»: 641 Market St., and. Ferry
¦ Depot. S. I*. Also 1112 Broadwa/, Oak-
land, CaL
¦TO SA'J RAFAEL
SAM QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEYf
CAZADERO.ETC.
via Sauealito rerry
WEEK DATS — (Holidays excepted) — 6:45.
t*7-« 8:45. »:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. ri:*5. 3:15..
4:15 t3:15. •6:15, 6:45. 9. 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. tra'n week daya does not run to
"iUSDATS AND LEGAL HOLIDATS— 7.
tS. t*» t*10. 11, tH:30 a. m., fl2:30.' t*l:30,
2 S3 "3 -60. 8. 6. 7:30. 3. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
Those marked <t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
""fROM^AJ^RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. *6:25. 7:40. 8:15,- J»:35,
11:05 a. m.. 12:30, 2:20. t3:45. 4:50. 5:30, 6:45.
10 - 20 p m.
SUNDATS— 6:15. 7:35 t8:10. 9:tO. J10:53.
«l:45 a. m.. 12:50, 2:30. $3:25. 4:40. J5:50.
6:Wi. 7:35. 10:20 p.-m.
Trains marked it) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 6:45. 6:40. 7:45, 8:25,
8:45. 11:10 a. in.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:03.
10 * 40 p. m .
SUNDATS— 6:35. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:05,
1:05 2:40 3:45 4:55. 6:05, 7:10. 10:40 p. m.- .
* THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days— Caxadero and way
stations.
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Caradero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza.
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. in.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
P-ERRT— Foot of Market st.
'Weekly Call $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEME1TTS.
Of the CONDITION AND AFFAIRS of the
NATIONAL FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF
Connecticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1PO2. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code; condensed as per blank furnished by the
CAPITAL^
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
ln Cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. .$ 373,090 78
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 6S0.465 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and bonds owned by Company.. 4,277,382 00
Cash ln Company's Office 918 40
Cash ln Banks 430,719 43
Premiums ln due Course of Collec-
tion C42.21S 04
Total Assets $6,205,333 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 71,262 S3
Losses ln process of Adjustment or
ln Suspense 276,271 53
Losses resisted. Including expenses 23,896 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2,800,-
670 97; reinsurance 60 per cent. 1,400,335 43
Gro«» premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $3,134,-
156 54; reinsurance pro rata 1,723,290 18
Reserve for contingencies 50,000 00
All other liabilities 107.534 98
Total Liabilities $3,654,590 97
. INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,276,265 04
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 36,136 37
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources..'. ¦ 189,222 72
Received for Rents 18.12165
Received for profit on eaie or ma-
turity of ledger assets 50,187 43
Total Income t'.'.V. $1,549,833 23
EXPENDITURES. (
Net amount laid for Fire Losses
(Including $306,738 93. losses of
previous years) $2,143,647 03
Dividends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage 797.247 68
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 247,003 21
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ••••• 137.826 93
AH other payments and expendl- '.
tures 344.24119
Total Expenditures .:.. $3,789,971 06
Fire. ~
Losses incurred during the year.. $2,154,399 83
Risk* and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year • $570,422,357 $5,863,471 86
Net amount cf Risks
expired during the v
year 4S6.S68.688 4,573,957 23
Net amount ln force
December 31. 1902.. 594.626,834 5.934.827 61
JAMES NICHOLS. President j
B. R. 6TILLMAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
12th day of January. 1903. BBlfBJ
FRED B. SETMOUR. Notary- Public
SANTRANCISCOTCITY) AGENCY,
209 SansomeSt.
AHPEL & BRUCKMAN, Agents;
SPRINGFIELD
FIRE AND MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY.
(\ F SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
V^ Massachusetts, on ths 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1902. and for the year ending on
tnat day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions, of Sections 610 and 011 of tho
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amou.it of Capital Stock, paid up,
ln C*** 1 #2.000,000 00
\ ¦ — —
ASSET8. , ~
Real Estate owned by Company.. % 227,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 553,050 00
Cash Market vBie of all Stocks
and Bonds owflfd ty Company.. 4,351,150 00
Affiount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral 21.37B 00
Cash In Company's Office 4.171 01
CaKhj in Banks 816,643 03
Interest due and accrued on . all
Stocks and. Loans 30,75137
Interest due and * accrued on
Bonds and Mort^ajres 13.545 91
Premiums ln due course of Col-
lection 634,883 fi\
Rents due and accrued en 59
Total Assets. $6,154,301 8*
LIABILITIES. . T~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 43.1C3 39
Losses ln process of Adjustment
or ln Suspense... 208,815 31
Losses resisted. Including expenses 34,708 32
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $2,185,-
663 40: reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1,092,831 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running- more than one year, $2.-
074,552 63; reinsurance pro rata. 1,133,821 83
Commissions - and . Brokerage due ¦
and to become due 126,978 78
Total Liabilities $2.642.S21 31
¦ ¦; ¦ "¦•?/_.•' • income. ~~ ¦¦ -. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $2,910,5*0 83
Received ' for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 27.506 60
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 158,358 80
Received for Rents..... 6.1R7 57
Total Income... $3,102,695 68
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including 1386,274 82, losses of
previous years) .....$1,703,110 78
Dividends to Stockholders........ 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage • • • • 570,247 73
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 133,891 72
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ............ ..;....... 10«.79« 37
All other payments and expendi-
tures ..... 275,181 16
'.Total Expenditures ......... .$2,991,227 76
' Fire. ~
Losses Incurred during the year.. $1,669, 1G3 02
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the!
year ............... $344,I26,386!$4,147,138 83
Net 'amount of Risks I ,
expired during the
year 353.014.7601 3.727.234 49
Net amount ln forcel f
December, 31. 1902..1 375,736.330| 4.260.218 03
i A. W. DAMON. Prest,
W. J. MACKAT, Secy.
: Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of January, 1903. PERCY S. GATES.
Notary Public.
SAN FRANCISCO~(CITY) AGENCY,'
LOUIS L. JANES COMPANY, AGENTS;
Hayward Building.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
306-310 - - - v - - - HAYWARD BUILDING.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
Manager. Assistant Manager.
BAIL WAY TBAVEI*
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(lUtn Ltne. Foot of Mtrtet Street.)
*1^It» — FmoM 6intwn 2. 1*W- — *mw
' 1&3a. Benlclm, Suisun. tlmlr»»nd S*cr»-
D(DU Z-*?*
7*0*. T»e»Ttne, Winter*. Bomier........ J&S*
jSOa. Martlnrz. Ski Bamoa, vtlleja,
* - Sat>». C«!t«oc*. e»nl» Ro««. B-26F
I&a yi!^ Urermore, Latbrcp. Etock-
toa • 7.25'
1433a P»tii. Woodland. KBt«bti LwdlBg.
Utrrirllie. OroTine. (conoecU
•t Uarrerlll* xor Grtilf y. Big g>
«ncCt:«) ,Z-5| F
• 8 «*. AU»ntieEir«»»— Of4en»ndEM». 10.2Sa
COS* F<rt Coatft. Mkrtlaes. Antloch. By-
ron,TT»cy.6u>cktot.6»cr«aent«.
1". Baao*. Mesdota, Banford,
VlMlU. PorterrUle 4.2S*
I £Zi Fort Cofta. Marttnei, Tracy, Lath-
rop. Modetto. Merc«d. rrctso,
Cothen JcBctloa. Eafitord, VI-
M^la. BakertCeld „. 5-25r
¦ 39a Eh»«t* Exprew — DaTlt, Williams
<»or BirtJett 8prtsrt>. WlUowt, _
? mu, Bed Blue. Portland 7.SSr
• J0a Kllej, 6aa J*^. Ureroore, Stock'
to&.Iene.Sacraxnoto.PlacerTllJa,
Marj-arllie. Chlco, Bed BloS 4.28r
tZSi. Oakdaie. Cblaese. Jamectowa. Bo-
aora. Tnolowce and Asgeli 4.25r
BtWi MartJnei and Way 6tatlont « 6Bp
1600a Valiejo- 12.25*
10. CO a El Paao Pawtairer. Eattbonnd.—
Port Cotta. Marttaes, Byroa,
Tracy. Lathrop, S.toekton,
Merced. Rarmood. Pre«oo,HaB>
fcrC VtsaUa. Bakenfield, Lot
Aurele* aad El Paao. (We*t>
bound arrtret rja Coast Ltne)... ti.SZr
' T8.C0A Tbe Orerland Limited — Ota en.
Denver, Omaba. Ct'.csro 6 i%r
1 J CC* Eayward. l?!ies acd Way Sutioai. S.ZSr
t14)3r 6*cr«aaecto Bl»er 8Ua«era_ tH.OOr
IZdr Bcnicla. Wtntera. eaerameato,
Weodiaad. Wll21arai.Co2uAa.WtI>
lo*i, Rc:?bri Laadiac >l»rys-
¦ Tf21e. OroTine and way nations... 1 0 E5 k.
J-ICf Hayward.yilesa»dWsy Statlont.. 766'
4ZBr Mart'.aez.eanBamon.ValleJo.JJapa,
CaJlstota. 6aaU Bosa • 25*
AJCQt Martlaet.Traey.Latbrop.6toclcton. 10.26a
¦ 4X!0f Kllea. Llrencore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.26^
4ZOr Eayward, Kllea. Irrlnfton, Saa ( 18.66a
Jose. LI Tens ore (511.65*
htSr The Owl Limited— Fresno. T Clara,
Bakenseld. Lot Ancelet I EJ*
6t0r Ten Cotta, Tracy, fc lock toa, l*»
Banot 12*§*
t -I2r Ear ward. Kllet aad San Jose ..... 7.25*
t-COr Eayward. Sl!«t and Ban Jose. 10 25*
fe-CCr Orlectal Mall— OptcB. DesTtr.
Omaba. tt Lvula. Cblca^o and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla, 6cl-
tcn. Elslra, Darls. Sacrmmento.
Kocklla. Asbom, Colfax.
Trrckee. Boca, Ktn, Wadt>
worth, Wlanemneca, BatU*
Uouata'.n, EIko 4.28>
*.. Beno. Trockee, 6acramecto. Darla,
Eulsun. Benlcla. Port Cotta 7.BDA
6 CDt Vallejo. dally, except ficadsy.... I tec.
7.CC* VaMeip. fiunday only f /# *" 1
7XCr Can Pablo. Port Cotta, Marlines
and Way Stations 11 21*
tXlr Oregon ft California Express— 6ao-
raa:ento. MarysTtll*. Rtif.st.
Portland. Pug et Soccd and East. 8.55a
t.iCr Eayward. Mies aadSaa Jote (Sca-
<lay«nly) 11.65*
11.2S* Port Costa. Tracy, Latbrap, Mo-
iesto. Merced. Raymond (to To-
tecilir). Fresno. Uaaford. Vt-
sa'.la. BaltfrtCeld 1228»'_
COAST LINE Oarrow Uann).
(Foot of Market 6treet.)
7.46a Santa Crcz Excursion (Scndaj
cniy) ~ ••IB'
CISa Kewark. Centerrllie. San Jote,
, Feltcn. Boo'.oer Creek, SanU
Cruz and Way Stations S-ZSr
tS.I&r Kewark. Centerrllle. San Jota,
Kew Almadem. Los Gs.tot.Felton,
Boclder Cr«ek. Santa Cruz and
Principal War Stations 10.55*
. • «U' Vewark. £aa Jot*. I.cs Oatot and
way ttatlono (on Saturday and
f-onday runt tbroo^b to Santa
, Crnz; Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Cmcect* at Felton to
aed Iroin Booldrr Creek f8.65*.
I OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroin tAN fUAhClbCO. Foot of Market 6t. <SIlp*»
' . — 1::15 *-f«> ll:00 A J(. 1-03 3 00 6-16r.ll.
'Trois OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — tt:O» J8:0t
tt:OS 10:00a.M. 12 CO 2 00 4^)0 P.M.
COAST LINE (Uroad tia» R »l.
ttT (Third and Towngend Strecu.)
.' 6 10* ten Jose and Way Statlont I 30r
t/CO* Pan Jo»-e and Way Stations 6-36*
' * 7.16* Monterey and Santa Cruz Exccr-
*lon fSunrtsy only) S.SOp
• 00* >>w AlrnaOn (Tues.. Frld, only). 4.10^
• ¦CO* Coast Line Limited— Stops only San
* . Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
liner). Pajaro. Castrorllle. 6a-
tlDas. Ban .'.rdo. Paso Koblea,
Canta M argari ta, San Lnlt Obltpo,
Gaadalupe. Burf (connection for
Loir.poc). banta Barbara, Sangnt
and Los Asckt. Connection at *
Castrovllie to and from Monterey
andPadflrGrore tO-4t>
t.CS* San Jose. Tre* Pluos, Capltola, <y~\"
Santa Cruz.Pac! lie GroTe.Saltnas,
San Lutt Obltpo and Principal
Intermediate Statloct 4.10v
?t-50* Ean Jote and Way Stations 1.20*
11-00* Ometery Passencer — SouU» Earn •* • •
Francisco. San ltrnio 1.05*
11-SO* Santa Clara, ban Joae. Lot Gates
"and Waw swt'.ons 7.30p
. «1.30i" San Jose and War SUtlcns x7-00r
2.C0r San Jote and Wty Stations J9 40*
?.S0r Cemetery Paatenrer — Sontb Ean
FrancUco. San Bruno 4.35*
* t*<C8r Del Monte F.xpress— Santa Clara.
6an Jck-. Del Monte. Monterey,
PaclScGrove (connects at Saota
Clara for Santa Crnz. Boulder
Creek and NarrowGau{^rolnu)t12-16»
* -lOf Pacific Grove and Way 6tatlons—
(•-.. HorHnFasie.SanMateo.Bcdwood.
MesloPark. Palo Alto, Mayfle'd,
Mouctaln View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara. San Jote, (Gllrcy. Hullls-
ter. Tres Plnot), Pajaro. Wataon-
V* ' ¦ vllle. Capltola, Santa Crex. Cat-
trovnus. Salinat 10.46a
4 ZZr San Jote and Way Statlont 8-3S*
• £0r San Jote. f via Santa Clara) Lot
Gatot.WrlKbtand Principal Way
., _. fetatlont (except Sunday) 900*
tbZOr EanJoteandPrlnclpalWayStatloni f8.00*
TS.Ifir fcacMateo,Iierecford,B«lmonl.San
Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
_• " Menlo Park. Palo AIM t945F
| ZCr San Jose and Way Stations 6.36*
7XSr encset Limited. Eattbocnd.— Saa
Lult O:;»;.o. Santa Barbara, Lot
Axgeles. Demlnr. El Pai>o. Kew
Orleans. Kew York. (Westbound
,v- _"*¦•¦- arrives rla ban JotQulnValley)... tr8.25*.
e.CO' i'*:o Altfl tr.dWar Ptatlnnt 10.16*
H^OrSoutb ban Francisco. Ulllbrae.
Iiurlinjrame, ban Mateo. B»l-
riont, Pna Carlo*. K'awood, 4 - -..
Fair Of.ks. Menl* Park. Palo • I2"5c.
Alto. Mayteld. Mocculn View, »•**'
feccnyrcie. Lawrence, SanU .
Clara acd Eaa Jose J
" . A for Moraine. T tor Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday enly. } Sunday only.
i 6tops at all station* on Sunday,
t 6unday exoepted. « baturdty only.
. « via, Coast Line, tc Via San Joaeuln T alley.
• Beno trala eastbouod dlscontlnaed.
CsT~Only trains slopplnc at Valeada tt_so«tfcbonad
-*rct:lC*..K.r::(Xi.ii_;i;00A.j,..2:2Dj>.K.and«:33F.M,
Evcn'thir.» points to one of the largest
apple crops this eeaeon in the history of ',
Vova Scotia.
CTT F\\ ATT T TTK 1 IT^ TT
1 1 I of
. Dry Goods •*^§&5^ Company.
DIRECT IMPORTATION 1
Genuine Italian Silk Rugs.
1000 Rug? just opened at prices varying from
* $1.00 up to $7.50.
The finest selection ever shown in San Francisco.
White Wool Blankets.
Great values in heavy full size for double beds,
$5.00 a Pair.
CALIFORNIA, OREGON AND EASTERN BLANKETS.
Vc carry a full assortment of the best makes at the closest prices.
White Bed Spreads.
A special line of heavy White Marseilles Quilts at
; ; $1.65 and Upward.
Full size Honeycomb Quilts — a specially selected lioe at
$1.00 and Upward.
Cotton Comforters.
Filled with white cotton, either stitched or tufted, full site,
From $1.00 to $4.00 Each.
(HOUSEKEEPING DEPARTMENT— FIRST FLOOR.)
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Ccuy and Stocttoa Strtets, Union Square.
§" THE UNUSUAL HAPPENS. «
PRICES. §
y JustthinkI At the commencement of the season, when most of the g
g cloak houses must make large profits and have big prices, we begin cutting S
W prices. An unusual opportunity to purchase not alone stylish but the very 8
S newest and latest styles of Ta:lor Garments at a great saving. Every point o
3 of correct tailoring is looked after. Goad quslity material and stylish «
i; ¦ material. To-morrow (Monday) and following days this week : •. , 8
1 4&tfr $17.50 and $15.00 TAILOR SUITS, |
I • 3L Cut Rate - Sl2 ' 50 ' I
5 - 0BaSa&&& I-ouis XIV and cutaway styles; new mixtures
6 rjNBHRU and Zlbellnes; style and quality equal to any $20.03 W
| " Ul 'iS'SaBI $20,00 TAILOR SUITS, i
§ JBil ' Cut Ratfl > 517.50. I
S *E&BmWk§a Very handsome styles, artistic tailoring and per- &
w T^g^^l^a feet fitting; only the newest and most desirable v
« "'""$35.00 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS, I
I #88^ Cut Rate, $25.00. |
£> .. Imported material, in shades of navy, castor, tan, S
v jji^Wv brown, gray and black; a $50 00 made-to-order suit Is g
« _-*&&*&&£& ¦ rot su P : f ior in st y |2 °r workmanship; it Is worth 8
ft C^^^^g^L your while to come and see them. o
I CLOTH COAT S-Newest Fall and Winter §
« \jLf •'# XU styles at I0 - 00 » $12.50 and $15.00. S
JTrV^Tll NOVELTY SILK COATS at $IO.OO, $12.50. X
§ Jl".i/i : $I5.OO, 817.5O and $20.00. §
o £^\ •• BjT :jl - Cur 0ao4o • $3
8 \H : Kjry ELECTRIC SEAL— Choice quality, $25.00. S
S \ '.tS/\ $30.00 and $35.00, g
S Vft-^ 'g-^ir SPECIAL-NEAR-SEAL JACKETS, trimmed «
S. with genuine chinchilla; regular price, $57.50; special, Q
Q l\ \ \ $42.50. ' §
I 1230, 1232, 1234 Market Street, near Jones. |
A TVi iisk wyTTffTS.
g Week Commencing THIS AFTER- 5
| NOON, October 4. g
B-w^ -^ Q
" CLATTOS . MASIS 2
1 WHITE and STUART i
13 COMPAITV O
O la ta» One-act - Comedy. "PARIS," "
Q a Continuation of "DICKEY." 11
J Assisted by MRS. CARL. PAXTZEIt, J
bi Presenting Their Comedy Aero- n
~ batlc Act, "A Gymnast's "
EJ -- Parlor Amusement." u
[ IHTcUNiNeHAM [
B The Eminent Operatlo Barytone. . Q
B eoiiEifGATi^DAinira S
¦ And FANXY WINFUED. Cotaedlaa* ¦
q and Quick Changs Singers Q
n and Dancers. p
S^' ALEXIUS
5 * The World's 'Grcatast Acrobatla - S
¦ BlcycUst. "a
I CA^liTW^andlERRE »
gj "X STRING TOWN TAP." a
5 S
¦¦• —In Thslr Novelty, "A. FRENCH H
B FBAPPE/' O
| New^ofiorTpiCTURES B
S Showing the Latest Novelties. a
J Last Week and -Laughing Success of
i MYLES McCARTBY g
¦ Assisted by MISS AID A WOOLCOTT ¦
¦ ln tha "RACE TOUT'S DREAM." Q
B -^~~-^^ — : ¦*- B
B Parquet, any seat. 23c; Balcony. 10c ; jj
*m Children, any i>art except reserved. 10c. ¦
f; A few front Orchestra, rows, reserred. JJ
¦¦ BOc; front rows of Balcony, reserved. •*
B i 25c ¦
UNION
AMUSEMENTS.
vULURfUjlA LEA01NQ TH£Ai?i
TO - NIGHT ! tflvfj
The Triumphant Musical Comedy,
PRINCE OF PILSEN
HHI MONDAY
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
John C. Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley present
THE WORLD'S MUSICAL HIT!
With Their
NUMBER ONE NEW YORK CO.
R. E. GRAHAM, PHILIP H. RYLEY.
GRETA RISLEY, DONALD BRINE,
JOS. PHILLIPS. HARR'TT MERRITT.
LILLIAN SPENCER,' THOS. A. KIERNAN,
and \ V"
1SADORE RUSH as
LADY HOLYROOD
CHORUS OF 70.
THE BEAUTY SEXTETTE.
GREATER PRODUCTION THAN EVER BEFORE!
PRINCE OF PILSEN
Route : /¦
Monday, October 5 — Stockton. ', -\'-
Tuesday, October C — Santa Barbara.
Wednesday, October 7 — San Diego.
October 8, 9. 10— Los Anzeles.
Monday, October 12 — Fresno. .
Tuesday, October 13— San Jose.
October 14, 15, 1G— Oakland.
Saturday. October 17 — Sacramento.
Bela*co & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market st.. Near. Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT,
LAST TIME OF
The Tremendous Success,
"A Temperance Town."
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
8ATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES,
Du Souchet's Great Comedy,
"My Friend From India."
Special Engagement of . the 'Eminent, and Pop-
ular - Comedian,
L. R. STOCKWELL.
DDirEC Evenings. 10c to 50c
rilltC3 Matinees 10c. 15c, 20c
MATINEES SUNDAY, THURSDAY, SATUR-
DAY. BEGINNING r ¦ ;
MATINEE TO-DAY
. —LAST WEEK—
JAMES NEILL ¦:
Elaborate Production of the Most Successful
Dramatic Version of Ouida's Celebrated Novel,
UNDER TWO FLAGS
With EDYTHE CHAPMAN u CIGARETTE. ,
DDIPCC EVENINGS....!... 15c, 25c, 50c. 75o
rnlUCO MATINEES ...15c. 2JW\ BOc
Children Under 5 Years Not Admitted During
Mr. Neill's Engagement. v
Beginning K«t Sunday »M»tini«, Ortybsr 11th.
BOTaWKLL BROWlfE JUVENILE COHPAHY »f
150 in Barleaqnt KitrtTtgtnia Cliopttra.
And the end" has come. Last day of
"The Glad Hand" and "Tha Con-curers"
. | important! j
To-rndrrow (Monday) Night.
First Production in This City of -
"THBvRAKADtRS."
The great Eastern musical comedy success.
Presented under '. the personal direction of the
author and composer. Mr. Raymond W. Peck
and' Mr. Robert Hood.' Staged by Mr. Charles
H "Jones.' •• " • • '¦ "I
. Entire . New -Music. Songs. Scenery. Cos-
tumes and 'Magnificent Stage Effects.
OUR "ALL-STAR" CAST.
Reserved Seats — Nights. 25c. 50c and 75c
Saturday and Sunday matinees. -25c and -50c.
Children at matinees. 10c and 25c. ¦ ¦
LECTtrRES AND CONCERTS.
• ' «j*^BS&ir» ' STXSIHWAT HALIi,
itli "The Marconi of the
AMUSEiLBirraL -
OPENING OF THE MUSICAL SEASON.
AUGUSTA COTTLOW
The Famous Pianlste, with
NATORP BLUMENFELD, VIOLINIST,
Assisted by
ARTHUR WEISS, Cellist FREO. MAURER, Pianist
Tuesday Mfiht. October 13
Dedication of the new hall
COTTLOW, BLUMENFELD, WEISS and MAURER
Thursday Night, October 15
COTTLOW IN GRAND RECITAL, ;
Saturday Afternoon. October 17
COTTLOW WiTH BLUMiHTELD.
Reserved Seats $1 60 $1 00 and TBo
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S,
Wednesday, October 7th.
Friday Night. October 16th. Miss Cottlow,
with Mr. Blumenfeld. at Unitarian Church.
Oakland. Beethoven's "Kreutzer Sonata."
Tivoi row*
I I Yv L! house.
NOTE — Performances begin at S sharp. Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT, Last performance of "CARMEN."
NEXT WEEK
Monday, Wednesday. Friday and Saturday
Nights.
Puccini's Favorite Opera.
•«L/\ BOHEME."
Tiaa de Spada, Adeline Tromben, Agostlni.
Zanini, Dado.
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Nights. Sat-
urday Matinee, Verdi's Magnificent Work,
"OTELLO."
Llna de Benedetto, Eugenie Barker, Ischlerde,
Gregoretti. Tedesehl, Travagiinl.
PRICES AS USUAL 25c. 60c, 75c
¦ Telephone Bush 0.
IfAblFORNTfl]
If J TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS^ ljf B 'll
" I WEEK. \S 1!
TfisWm.H. West Big Minstrel Jubilee
m^ -^ Funny Comedians.
tl II Star Vocalists.
Cjll Clever SseciaHsts.
Powerful Male Chorus.
And the great feature — the burlesque
Olio finale —
THE WIZARD OF BOZ. '
Dally street Dannie at noon.
T| Next— Ed Carrie as I -_,
, MR. JOLLY OF JOLIET. tT I
HEATRUi
ALCAZAR B H^r
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT-^ONE MORE WEEK.
Farewell Appearances of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Dramatic Triumph,
Zaza at Thursday and Saturday Mats.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Matinees, 15c to 60c.
MONDAY, Oct. 12. Inaugural of •
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
In Plnero'a Delightful Comedy Drama,
... ."LADY BOUNTIFUL.
First Time In San Francisco.
SEAT SALE TO-MORROW. 0 A. M.
Last Symphony Concert
FRITZ SCHEEL, Conductor.
S. F. Symphony Orchestra
. . . 70 MTSICIANS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TUESDAY. Oct 6th, 3:15 p. m.
PROGRAMME.
Beethoven's "Leonora" overture No. 3.
Schubert's 10th Symphony, C Major.
H. J. Stewart's suite from - "Montczoma."
V-'F.' Liszt's "Rhapsody Hongrolse," No.' 2.
Seats on sale at Sherman tc Clay's, Prices,
50c. $1. >1 25, $1 50.
Palace D0NT fAIL T0
laiClVV iee t beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, the
r^. 1 PALM ROOM, tho
linHifl LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul UUU LOR, and the LA-
U~l~\~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels ro °m.
COURSING
PARK
ANDREW DEAN". JudM.
JAS. F. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Oct. 4, 1903
FLEET RACING
HOUNDS IN
CLOSELY MATCHED
JJLiiL
Total Prize Money $1,000
SPECIAL, TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains leave Third and Townsend st?. at
10:15 a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.
Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts. flva minutes
later. Returning at 4:45 p. m. and immediate-
ly after the last course. San Mateo electric
cars direct to the park entrance every flva
minutes during the day.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
High-Glass Specialties Eferj Afternoon and
Evening injbe Theater.
FISCHER AND VTACKER; LARKINS AND
PATTERSON: LOUIE DACRE: GRIERSOV
8ISTERS; EXCELLA: MAY LAMSON.
AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Visit th« MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
LION SLAYING BABOON
KgJ IN THE ZOO !
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. So
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
C. W. LEADBEATER,
Of London, will - Iectur* upon
••CLAIRVOYANCE"
In GOLDEN GATE HALL at 8 p. a.
ADMISSION. 25 CENT8.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THA
WEST. 24 Post St.. Baa Francisco. Cai.
Established 40 years. Open entlr* 7**r.
Writs (or Illustrated catalogue (Crs«).
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERALTA PARK. BERKELEY.
Boarding and day school for boys under IS y«ara
of ace. Studies commene* MONDAY. Aosoat .*.
1B03. Send for proapectua to Bnx Gcnebraa. '
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL. <
Btnfiiea win be resumed MONDAY. Aurart X
1803. BRO. ZSNONIAN. Pr—ld«nt.
(S ftp at £ NTS^ I
XS^330 MARKET ST. 5f.^5^
BATXWAY TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L«ave fia Svuaiito ferry Arrive
SmmFnn. f»«t a( aartm X San Prao.
"Weds San- San- IWcST
l:45r »:OOa ISBSSBBbP ltiOOr 3:3Op
B«lSrlO:OOA \t<mtLSU&¥ 3:8«r S:B«r
UsSOa ' iM '
fcter*»yt aij, tnn Tt^tra T g|3Or,urrnSJ. lli8Oi»
T1CUT \ 636 Hamxmx St^ (North Sbors Railroad)
' tffKB | and Sauuko Pm*y. Foot Marks* St.TALENTED CHICAGO ARTIST WHO
WILL EXHiniT HER WORK AT
THE EBELL CLUB ROOMS.
PRETTT OAKLAND OIRL
WHOSE ENGAGEMENT TO C
E. LLOYD IS ANNOUNCED.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 3.— As a re
sult of the first provincial election on
party lines In British Columbia the con
servative government of Premier McBrlde
was defeated to-day.
The relative standing: of the parties as
far as indicated by the returns to-night
is: Liberals 22. Conservatives 13, Social
ists 2.
The Conservatives, while conceding de-
British Columbia Con
servatives Lose in
Election.
PREMIER M'BRIDE
SUFFERS DEFEAT
Boxing: Permit Granted.
OAKL»AND, Oct. 3.— The Board of Police
and Fire Commissioners has granted the
Reliance Athletic Club a permit to hold
a boxing tournament on October 27. The
main e^vent will be between Joe Milieu
and Billy "Woods.
CAMBRIDGE. Mais., Oct. 3— Harvard
made a lamentable showing against the
University of Mains this afternoon, win
ning by a score of 6 to 0. The game re
vealed no new features In Harvard's play,
l>ut It emphasized the fact that the crlm
bon line Is far from Impregnable. The
Harvard backs worked well together, but
fas the Harvard team was much the
heavier their showing was disappointing.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Oct. 3.— Princeton
met Georgetown this afternoon in a hard
fought game and scored only five points,
Georgetown played an aggressive guxne
and three times held Princeton for downs.
U£f-slde plays and a fumble at critical
moments characterised the game. The
first half dosed without a score. la the
•econd half Foulke made a long run
firound left end and Dewltt crossed with
the ball, making the first and only score.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Oct. S.— Yale 46.
University of Vermont 0.
In the first half the Yale regulars took
up the Vermont line. In the second half
the teani made up of substitute* showed
poorly, although the men as Individuals
¦were better than the light Vermonters.
The Yale halfbacks played wUh great
dash throughout the gaiae and t>ore the
brunt cf the work. Metcalf. Mitchell. Mc-
Coy and Soper running the ends welL la
the center of the line, however. Yale did
cot do so well. In all Yale used twenty
eight player*.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 3.— Ohio State
University 2X Wluenburic ft.
EASTOX. Fa.. Oct. 3.-Lafayett© U.
Gettysburg Colleee 0.
W1LLJAMSFOUT. Pa.. Oct. 3.-CarUsle
Indians i:. UuckneU 0.
MADISON. Wls.. Oct. S.-Universlty of
Wisconsin 1% NaperrUle 0.
ITHACA. N. Y.. Oct. 3.— Cornell 11.
Rochester 0.
U1NCO1-N. Neb.. Oct. S.—Nebraska 23.
South Dakota 0.
CHICAGO, Oct. 1— Northwestern 23,
Lombard 0.
NEW YORK. Oct. S.— Columbia 33, Un
ion ft, +C ...
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 3.— Pennsylvania
IS. Lehlth 0.
ANN ARBOR. Mich.. Oct. 3.— Unlver-
Crimson Team Hakes Poor Showing
Against University of Maine.
HARVARD LIlfE IS WEAK.
SAN RAFAEL., Oct. 3.— Charles I* Todd
was taken into custody this afternoon
by Detective Treanor for having a United
States mallbag lock In his possession.
Todd had had the lock several days and
attempted to procure a key for It from
an Itinerant locksmith named Frank Tay
lor. The lock was taken to Tavlor on
Thursday by Todd with Instructions to
make the key Immediately. The lock
smith, however, became suspicious. He
offered to do the work and kept the lock,
but Instead of following Instructions re
ported the matter to Postmaster Ander
son.
Taylor cave a description of the man
and Treanor was detailed upon the case.
Todd was arrested at 4:30 o'clock this
afternoon. United States Mall Inspector
Munroe of San Francisco was notified
and Instructed Sheriff Taylor to hold Todd
until a United States Marshal could come
for the prisoner on Monday.
Todd is In Jail to-night. He has been
employed a« a brakeman on the North
Shore Railroad for several months and
handles the mall sacks on the trains.
When seen In his cell to-night Todd claim
ed he did not know It was a crime to
have a mall sack lock In his possession
and asserted that he found it. He wished
a key, he claimed, so that he could use
It on a box In which as brakeman he kept
lanterns and other articles.
sity of Michigan 51, Case Scientific School
(Cleveland) 0.
CHICAGO. Oct. 1— University of Chi
cago Si. Indiana 0.
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct. S.— Minnesota 40.
Grlnnell 0.
UAFAYETTE, Ind., Oct. 8.— Purdue 17,
Bellot 0.
CHAMPAIGN. 111., Oct. S.— IUUnols 29,
Knox Colleee &¦
WEST POINT. N. T.. Oct. S.-W*est
Point 17. Tufts College 0.
IOWA CITY. Iowa. Oct. 1— Stat© Uni
versity 29. State Normal School 0.
1>ES MOINES. Iowa. Oct. *.— Draka
University 45, Penn College 0.
Bf*clal Difpntch to The Call
Marin Detective Finds
Man With Govern
ment Property.
MAIL BAG LOCK
CAUSES ARREST
After th!a train bad passed tha logs
were replaced by the vandals, evidently
with the Intention of wrecking tho pas
senger train which left Astoria at 7
o"clock this morning. Again the- work
t>f the wreckers was discovered.
It is believed soldiers stationed at Fort
Stevens are resiKmsible for the act or
vandalism, and uu Investigation la being
conducted, as a collision with a pile of
logs would have derailed a train and
doubtless resulted In loss of life. Ar
rests may be made to-morrow.
Fj'ecial Diapatch to The Call
ASTORIA. Cr., Oct. 3.— Two attempts
*ere made last nlfiht and this morning
to * reck trains on the Astoria and Co
lumbia River Railway.
At New Astoria obstructions were
placed on the track last night In an ef
tort to wr«H-k a rock train, logs and old
lumber having been piled as high as ;i
man's head. The rock trains backed
down to the Government Jetty for a dis
tance of several miles and the brakeman
happened to be on the first car, thereby
» tuning the obstruction in tlma to pre
vent a collision.
LOGS ARE LAID
BEFORE TRAINS
The n«M occurred at Porta Uclla. In
thottti days the aristocratic beach of Ed
inburgh. One day young Miller, who was
then but 14 rear* Of ugu, waa riding a
donkey on the beach. Albert Edward and
lil» younger brother happened along and
Edward demanded that Miller let him
ridt the donkey. Miller refused, and the
young member of the royal family pushed
him off. This enruted Miller and he pro
ceeded to pummel the royal youngster un
til Kdwaru's tutor pulled him oft.
At th« time Miller did not know who
bis antagonist was. Shortly afterward
there came, a royal rcguest from Holy
rood t'aslle for the boy's presence be
fore the Trine*. When Miller appeared
j:.:w .-.:.! shook him cordially by the hand
mid bald he bore no ill will.
The I'rtnce of Wales* always remembered
his bearing and was always a good friend
of MlUtr.
The wtddins its to ha after tha English
faehiou and a aujiper on the lawn will
follow the ceremony. Mls» Miller will be
married in a traveling costume. After the
wadding the coui>le will go on a short
trip tu Del Monte.
Jame* Miller, the bride's father, owns
a laiKe art potto? works In East Oak
land. li« is well known us the mini who
Lltukpd the «•>•«•» of King Edward, then
I'rince of Wales.
Mlsa Amy MllWr. iluuslitrr of Jurnes
MUl«-r. who once trcmnc«ti ICIhk Edward.
in to become the tridc of John Corrluun.
fe young lawyer of San Francisco* The
marriage will be held October 14 at tho
Miller recldeme lit Katst Oakland, ltev.
William Carson tfhaw of the Church of
the Advent will officiate.
Oakland Ofnei* Han 1'ranclsco Calif
HIS Broadway, Oct. 3.
Miss Ainy Miller to Wed
• John Corrigan, a Young
Lawyer.
Daughter of Ruler of
. Britain's Victor to Be
Married.
Miss Marion Kavanaugh, Who Came to This State in Summer
on Sketching Tour, Will Display Her Handiwork at the
Ebell Club Rooms Next Thursday and Friday Afternoons
FATHER TROUNCED
ENGLAND'S KING
TALENTED CHICAGO ARTIST
TO EXHIBIT HER CREATIONS
CANAL TREATY
IS STILL ALIVE
Colombian Senate's Ac
tion Upon Conven
tion Not Final.
Lower House May Adopt It
and Send It Back for
Reconsideration.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Oct. 3.— President
Roosevelt has not abandoned tho Panama
canal project, nor will he do so until he
has taken reasonable time to learn wheth
er It Is useless to negotiate further with
Colombia or If It Is necessary to turn to
Nicaragua. He will report the situation
to Congress in his annual message, giving
hla reasons for awaiting the final deter
mination of the Colombian Government.
Confidential information from Minister
Beaupre at Bogota. Is said to be more en
couraging than the dispatches which have
been made public. The canal treaty has
not been rejected by the Colombian Con
gress, but only by the Senate. The whole
Congress must act on the treaty, and the
House has not yet considered it. The
treaty la therefore still before the Colom
bian Government and In much the position
of a treaty which has been disapproved
by the Senate Committee on Foreign Re
lations here, but which has not been
taken up by the Senate. It can be taken
up by the Colombian House, adopted and
then sent to the Senate again, or it can
be held until a new Congress la elected
without Invalidating It.
It can be said that the Cabinet and the
Isthmian Canal Commission fully approve
of the President's course in not hastily
turning from Colombia to Nicaragua for
concessions. The Attorney General has
given very careful consideration to the
whole canal situation and has advised the
President that there are several alterna
tives which may be adopted.
BOGOTA. Colombia, Oct 2 (via Buena
Ventura, Oct. 3).— The report on the bill
authorizing "the President to negotiate a
new canal treaty with the United States
will be presented to-morrow. Represent
ative Deroux opposed closing the ses
sions of Congress, arguing that adjourn
ing before the canal question is decided
would endanger the national Integrity.
The majority of the representatives ap
proved his stand.
Woman Drinks Acid.
Mary O. LJvaa, better known on the
Barbary Coast as May Brown, attempted
to kill herself by drinking carbolic acia
in a Paciflc-street dance hall last night.
She had had a quarrel with her consort,
and, determined to end her life, went out
and procured the deadly potion. Return-
Ing to the dance hall she placed the bot
tle against her lips and was about to
swallow the contents when her consort.
H. Hofmelster, seized her and with the
assistance of a friend took the bottle from
her. As she had succeeded In gulping
down a small quantity of the add, she
was taken to the Harbor Hospital, but
the surgeons In charge do not anticipate
any serious results.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Oct. 3.— The following mar
riage licenses were Issued by the County
Clerk to-day: John M. Vlelra, 22. and
Mary F. Correa, 13, both of San Leandro;
Stephen Stewart, over 21. and Annie
Cleary, over 18. both of San Francisco;
Harry J. Geary. 19. and Agnes McDonald.
13, both of San Francisco; Err.il o C. Gross,
27. Emeryville, and Mathilda M. Mltter
wald. 22. Oakland; George A. Kaas. 22.
and Edith C. Janes. 21, both of Oakland;
Willis A. Loomls, 43, Denver, and Leila
M. Hilton. 23, Seattle; Careo Ungarettl, 23,
and Mary D. Chlaro, 13, both of Oakland.
feat, claim that the Liberals will be un
able to carry on the Government. Van
couver city elected five Conservative
members by majorities of 1000 In a total
vote of SCOO.
Joe Martin, the provincial leader, was
defeated by over 10CO votes. In the Victo
ria city election four Liberals were elect
ed, each by 300 majority. Two Cabinet
Ministers were defeated and the election
of a third 13 In doubt.
NEW ORLliANS. Oct. 8.— "Jack" Stewart
O'Neal of New Orleans, bat for sense tiina
mana«*r of the Orange. Tex.. Dally Tribune,
committed rolci<!e at tha St. Charles Hotai
to-day.
ARRANGES FOR RECEPTION
IN HONOR OF ENGAGEMENT
Mother of Miss Elsie M. Madsen, One of Oakland's Prettiest
and Most Accomplished Girls, Whose Engagement Was
Recently Announced, Plans Function for Her Daughter
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
James J. Cunningham was appointed
Deputy County Clerk yesterday by Coun
ty Clerk A. B. Mahony, and Fred Kleve
eahl was appointed copyist. They fill the
vacancies made by the discharge of Copy
1st P. Baum and :£. Weinholz,
\
Mahony Appoints New Clerks.
New Oil Company Incorporates.
The Atlantic and Pacific Oil Company
was Incorporated yesterday with a cap
ital stock of Sl.toiWOO. The directors are
S. P. D«nt.\H. Deuprey, R. TV Staley. W.
S. Burnett* P. J. Miller. C L Wright and
A. IL Wtan.
Mrs. Violet Aubrey Butler has not yet
obtained her divorce from her husband.
Guy T* Butler. When the case was called
before Judge Cook yesterday morning As
sistant District Attorney Porter Ashe
made a motion that it be taken from the
calendar to be replaced when occasion de
manded. The Judge granted the motion.
Ashe has written authority from Butler
to represent him In the divorce proceed
ings, but as the letter contains matters
of a private nature and it would be- nec
essary to spread it upon the court rec
ords, it was deemed advisable to ask But
ler, who is in San Antonio, Tex., to send
Ashe a simple authorization and have the
seal of a notary atached to it. That
was the reason for Ashe's motion. This
was deemed the quickest way out of the
difficulty, as it will only take a few days
to get the necessary authorization.
It is the general opinion that the di
vorce will be granted, as desertion has
been proved and there seems to be no
doubt as to the question of residence.
Husband's Attorney Wants Time to
Secure Legal Authorization From ;
His Absent Client.
SUIT OF MRS. BUTLER
TAKEN OFF CALENDAR
Judge McKisIck was born in Hender
son County, Term., nearly seventy-five
years ago. He studied at the Lebanon
Law School and In 1S53 established a prac
tice in Memphis. There he was associated
with former United States Senators L G.
Harris and T. R. Turley and General
Luke E. Wright, who Is now In charge of
affairs in the Philippines. He held the po
sition of Supreme Justice of the State un
til 1579. when he came to this coast. Upon
his arrival Judge McKisIck was made the
associate counsel for the Southern Pa
cific Company, which position he held un
til four years ago, when he retired. He
leaves a wife, three sons— Lewis McKis-
Ick. who Is chief of electricity for the cen
tral district of the "Western Union Tele
graph Company; R. TV McKisIck, a prora
icent attorney of Sacramento; Donald Mc-
Kisick of this city— two daughters, Mrs.
Madeline Bruguiere. who Is at present
in New York and Miss Theodora. McKl3
ick. and a stepdaughter. illsa.Wv. B. Rosa,
who are tn this city. The funeral will
take place from St. Stephen's Church on
Fulton street, between Webster and Fill
oior*, this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Judge Lewis D. McKisIck passed away
at his home. 1554 Grove street. In this city
early yesterday morning. Old age and
general debility hastened the end. "When
death came he was surrounded by several
members of his family. The jurist was
well known and highly respected In hia
native State. Tennessee, as well as In
California, where he had resided since
1S73.
Judge Lewis D. McXisick Passes
Away at His Home on Grove
Street.
PROMINENT JURIST
ANSWERS LAST CALL
Caroline Vos«l (own#r) with ¦ John Flaherty
(contractor), architect Sytvaln Sctmalttacher —
All work excer* mantel*, ras fixtures and
shades for a two-story frame building- (fiats)
on. W Un» of CoUlngwrwd street. 99:4 S of
EUhteentlu S 25 by W 125; $3100.
Aclolph ¦ and - Joseph CsJien (owners) with
Holler & Suss (contractors), architect same —
All alterations and additions except painting.
hard-wan?, electric work, plumbing and glazins
for alterations to cafe In boUdlng oa SE cor
ner of Ellis and Mason streets; J-SCO. * _
Builders' Contracts.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 8.
William J. and liachel G. Orrard to Marga
rita B. May. lot on X line of Union street,
37:0 W of Plerc«. W £3 by N 110; $10.
Maria Enslsch to Charles Hugues. lot en S
lino of Hayes street. M K i/Xkasuna, £ -^:^
by S 120; *10.
Ella F. I'lu miner and Anna. D. Gles to Na
than Manass*. lot on N line of Washington
*tre*t. 100 W of Webster. W 27:6. N 127:»K,
B 30, S 85:3?;, W 2:0, S 02.:4$4; S10.
John JueJes to Archibald I>. Hettrlch. lot on
, W ltn« of Shrader street. 123 N of Frederick.
; N 23 by W 131:3; $10.
i John J. Ryan to Michael Oalvln, one-half of
: lot on N line of Beulah street. 131:3 W of
Shradjr. W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Butbymlus Antonlad«s to tame, one-half of
t-ame; J10.
Kebieca G. Cohn to Max Hryman. lot on
1 W ltn«» of Folsom street. 133. S of Twentieth,
' S 60 by W 113. quitclaim deed; $1.
Estate of Jacob G. Cohn (by Isaao Cohn and
I Henry Hynian, administrators) to same, same;
$3000.
Patrick Vahey to Jeremiah CLeary, lot on
W Una of Narter alley. 6J:6 N of Filbert
»tr*«t. N 28 by W 60; grant.
Mercantile Trust Company to Urban Realty
Company, lot on NK corner of Pacific and Mont
«t>m«ry streets. E 137:6. N 137:6, W 73:0. S
24. W 64. S 113 :e; *10.
Moses or Mos*» C. Klmball to Mary I* Flts
slmmona (wife John), lot on N'W corner of Pa
clflo and Jones streets. N.&O, W «S:6. S 20. E
30. S CO, E 3S:6; plft.
Frits and Johanna. HaN.-r.ieht to Maud S.
Woods, lot on s line of Chestnut street. 107:0
W of Hyde. W M by S 64:2: $10.
. Continental Building and Loan Association
to Louis Duval. lot on S line- or Pactflo street,
1C3:2H W of Hyde. W 20 by S 73; ?10-
Marraret P. or Maggie p. Elddle to Bern
hard Get*, lot on XE corner of Thirty-eighth
and D streets. N 123. E 120, S 23» W 62:6, S
100. W ©7 :8; $10.
Bernhard and Rcs« G«t» to Henry G. Meyer,
same: $10.
George Metzger to R. ENer«tt Collins Jr. and
Minnie V. Collins, lot on S line of I street.
107:7 W of Forty-fifth avenue. W 25 by S 10O;
$10.
Martha S. Mitchell to Alex Rogers, lot on
NW corner of Eugtnle and Prospect streets.
W 70 by N 4tt:$. lots 103 to 108. Jacob Ueyman
subdivision of Cobb Tract: sift.
George M. and Ethel Sheldon to Andrew
Colernan. lot on NE line of Vlsltaclon street.
4S9 NW of Carter. NW 2S by NE 234:3. SE
128. SW 79:5. NW 10O. SW 175. lot &*, Vlslta
clcn Valley: $10.
James M. and Mary II. Haren to G. C.
Maittn. lot en NE line of Tenerlffe (Fifteenth)
street. 125 SE of Potomac (R). SE 75 by NE
100. lots 41 to 4S. block 293. ON. & H. Tract;
$10.
i S Ducas Company (a coporatlon) to Andreas.
' Charles and Mathilda C. Anderson, lot oa NE
Un» of Nineteenth avenue. 150 NW of R street.
; NW 123 by NE 100. low 31 to 33, block 372,
same: $10.
VMarta Lrndrob to S. Ducas Company (a cor
poration), lots 1377 and 137S. gift map 3: $10.
W. F. Sawyer to Sarah and Louis Wert
heimer and Matilda Cerf. lot on W corner of
Lowell and Brunswick streets. N"W 73 by SW
1 17$. lot 53, West End Homestead, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Sarah and Louis Wertceimtr and Matilda
and Albert Cerf to Alex Hlschier (%) and Theo
dore Hlschl-er (*4)» tot oa w comer «< Bruns
wick and Lowell streets. NW 21S byfSW 173,
lots 92 and 63. same; $10.
John G. KtumpSte to Alex and Theodore
Hlschier. same; $10.
J. E. and Amanda Fagothey to Hllbert Mer
cantile Company. lot on N line of Humboldt
street. 73 E of Vermont. E 60 by N 100. lots
12 and 13, block 123, Mission View Homestead;
510.
Masonic Cem«tery Association to John O.
Gay. lot In cemetery: $10S.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The late George F. Lamson, the pioneer
auctioneer, was laid to his last rest this,
afternoon. The funeral took place at 2
o'clock from the Taylor undertaking par
lors. The Rev. H. J. Vosburgh. pastor
of the First Baptist Church, of which
the deceased was formerly a prominent
member, conducted the services.
Alfred Wllkie sang two appropriate se
lections. Several beautiful floral pieces
were sent, one of them being from, the
First Baptist Church.
Miss Lillian Lamson, one of the de
ceased's daughters, who resides in Los
Angeles, was the only one of the family
present at the services. The other daugh
ter. Nance. O'Neil. was in Chicago and
unable to get here in time. She sent a
floral piece, ordered by telegraph.
Mrs. Lamson. the separated wife of the
deceased, visited the undertaking par
lors before the funeral and viewed the
remains. She did not attend the services
at the parlors, but was present at the
brief services at Mountain View Ceme-
The pallbearers were Henry Garthwalte,
John H, Stevens. B. S. Tower and N. S.
Douglass.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Oct. 3.
The merchants have represented to the
Mayor that they are much Interested In
the administration's moves and are anx
ious to give every support possible to the
plans that shall be adopted.
The particular problem In hand is that
of public street sweeping. The city offi
cials are not satisfied with the old fash
ioned brush machine methods, and much
favor is shown the continuous daytime
hand plan, in use in San Francisco.
The Board of Public Works has com
menced experiments and purposes to car
ry on Its effort, according to the Com
missioners, until a system, metropolitan
and effective, has been evolved. All this
Is In line with the general movement to
ward better conditions that the present
municipal administration has In hand.
The Mayor and his fellow. Commission
ers are a harmonious body and have the
co-operation of the City Council.
"Though the city government Is ham
pered much by the lack of sufficient
money to Co that which we would much
like to Inaugurate," said Mayor Olney to
day, "there la a stimulating Influence that
can ba exercised that will, I have no
doubt, bring about many needed public
Improvements. We need to put on a new
suit of clothes and to show what we have
here. We need to make the utmost of
our splendid natural advantages. Civic
betterment, both in government and In
results therefrom, is the present day de
mands. If mv voice and pen. with the
warm co-operation of my fellow officials,
will accomplish anything in stirring our
people I shall feel that my service has
not been lost."
Mayor Warren Olney's crusade for the
betterment of Oakland's thoroughfares
has received the official Indorsement of
the Merchants' Exchange, which has come
to the front with a request to tho Board
of Public Works that the exchange shall
be kept In close touch with the movement
for "Cleanest Oakland."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Oct. 3.
Father of Nance O Neil
Buried at Mountain
View Cemetery.
Enlist Under the Banner
for Betterment of
Oakland.
The Columbia Minstrel Company will
give a grand minstrel show at Native
Sons' Hall on October 19 under the
auspices of the Young Ladles' Sodality of
Mission Dolores parish for the benefit of
the parish. An excellent programme has
beon arranged, and the vocal and Instru
mental selections will be a feature. Tick
ets can be obtained of O'Connor & O'Reil
ly, 83 Fourth street; J. J. Glldea. Market
street and Grant avenue, and McGlven's
drug store, corner Guerrero and Seven
teenth streets.
Will Give Minstrel Show.
LAMSON'S BODY
LAID AT REST
A reception will be given by the bride's
mother In honor of the engagement with
in a few weeks.
Mr. Lloyd Is the son of Charles E.
Lloyd Sr., general agent for the Realty
Syndicate, and holds a clerical position
with the Southern Pacific Company.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Miss Elsie M.
Madsen, whose engagement to
Charles E. Lloyd was recently
announced, Is one of the prettiest
girls in Oakland, and also la an
accomplished musician. She is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Julius, A. Madsen.
The wedding will take place at an early
date at the family residence on Market
street.
MERCHANTS TAKE
UP CIVIC FIGHT
at the Ebell Club rooms next
Thursday and Friday afternoons.
Miss Kavanaugh came to California In
the summer on a sketching tour and
while In Oakland has been the guest of
her aunt, Mrs. E. C. Hagar. The young
artist's work has been much admired and,
acceding to repeated requests, she has
consented to exhibit a number of Cali
fornia scenes and portraits of well known
people which she has done since her stay
on the coast. Miss Kavanaugh Is excep
tionally clever In figure work and por
traiture. Among the bits of art that will
be on display Is a water color sketch of
Miss Louise linear, which Is not only an
excellent likeness but shows at once a
daintiness and strength in handling that
la unusual.
+
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Miss Marlon
Kavanaugh, the talented Chicago
artist, who Is visiting relatives
In Oakland, will exhibit her work
The office of Dr. Charles J. McCarthy,
2397 Mission street, where the deceased
had repaired for the extraction of several
teeth, was the scene of the distressing
affair. Waugh, accompanied by Dr. F. S.
Emmal of 2663 Howard street, went to Dr.
McCarthy's office shortly after 7 o'clock.
After all the necessary arrangements had
been made tha unfortunate man Beated
himself in the chair and Dr. Emmal ad
ministered chloroform. He had hardly
got under the influence when the physi
cian noticed that^lhe heart action was
very feeble, and Drs. Hughes and Austin
were summoned. Before their arrival
death had ensued.
The Coroner's office was notified and
Dr. Leland allowed tho body to be taken
home. Ho will make a personal Investi
gation and determine whether an inquest
should be held. Deceased was 43 years
of age and resided with his family at
Twenty-fourth and Chattanooga streets.
Dr. McCarthy, In discussing the matter
last evening, said that Dr. Emmal was
a personal friend of the deceased for
many years and had administered chloro
form to him on another occasion without
any ill effects. According to the dentist,
the dead man was only partially under
the influence when he succumbed and no
attempt had been made to extract any
teeth.
While in a dentist's chair last night, In
a partial state of anaesthesia Induced by
the administration of chloroform, II. H.
Waugh, a druggist employed in the drug
store conducted by Dr. Hughes at Twen
ty-fourth and Church streets, was 1 pre
sumably overcome by the drug and the
united efforts of several physicians failed
to savo his life.
DIES IN DENTIST'S. CHAIB
WHILE UNDER CHLOROFORM
H. H. Waugh Takes Anaesthetic for
Extraction of Teeth and Suc
cumbs to Heart Failure.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— Prime Minister Bal
four has no cosy taak in selecting a suc
cessor to Sir Michael Herbert as Brit
ish Embassador to Washington. It so
happens that all of the eminent men now
on foreign embassies are near the age of
retirement and it is desired to avoid, if
possible, tho making of an appointment
for a comparatively brief term.
It has boen suggested that Ix>rd Cur
ton, Viceroy of India, who married Miss
Loiter of Chicago, possesses some of the
advantages which led to the selection of
Sir Michael Herbert as British Embassa
dor to Washjngton. Furthermore, it is
believed that the Government would not
be Unwilling to replace Lord Curzon In
India, One of tho chief criticisms of his
administration of tho Government of that
country, however, has been his utter lack
of democratic qualities, which would
hardly be a recommendation for the
Washington post. The chances are in
favor of the 'selection of one of the
younger and more promising men in the
diplomatic service
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Lack of Democratic Qualities
Militates Against His
Selection. •
Lord Curzon Mentioned
for Embassador to. .
Washington.
HERBERT'S POST
HARD TO FILL
38
ADVERTISEMENTS.
aCBQaaoKBBBBBnBQBasBaaocsaBBBBinBaBBaBBaBBBBa
° Why take -chances of your life when we can cure you B
m without pain or risk? You do not pay a cent till cured. Hun- §
¦ dreds of your neighbors have been cured. Call and we will U
5 pve names and addresses. You can go and see them about it. B
R Consultation is free. . g
| FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE I
6 1344 Market Street, San Francisco. I
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦S'
And now barken to a few other special features, which can oalv be
mentioned in brief because there are so many good things b the nex*
Sunday Call.
First, the ."Me-ows of a Kitty" (are you watcnins: those ca*3*V
the fourth talk to parents on the "Punishment cf Children." which w ;r *
explain to yoa some of the reasons why you were whtpoed when vo*
did not deserve it. when vou were young, and why you were no* thra h*S
when you did deserve it: "The Effect of Imperialism on National CWi-
ter " by Dr Richard Garaett. C B.; "The Etiquette of the AutorrobTi>~
by Madge Moore; "Recollections and Reflections." by Thomas * Rtei.
which will tell you things about the Bonanza Kings of the West that wm
didn't know before, and. oh. ever so many things besides.
Jhst watch for the pictures.
Then there is a Daee of "Half-Hour Storiettes." which treats the
problem from quite a different point of view. There you have four of
the cleverest and most touching romances ever written. '*The Voice and
the Violin" especially and "The Grammar of Love" as well, which is a
story that you will never forget '
Then there is one of Frank H. Spearman's wonderful two-pag*
railroad stories. "De Molav Four." which, if you read it (and of course
you will), will constantly recur to your. mind with a strange thrill ever*
time you see the moon. Why? Because Frank H. Sp«arrnan wrote i*
and the moon wouldn't be in it if it were not dramatic.
• *'A woman who refuses to obey might please her fancy bv the mere
declination to follow a custom, yet she might be the quickest to obey
her husband.
"That is where nature is stronger than ideas. Ideas may become
fads, existing for a short while, but nature goes right on.
"I notice that men are triad to get the women they want to mamr
and \the women are equally glad to marry, obey or not. regardless of all
fads land fancies." —
There are so many who differ with the reverend father that what
they have to say forms one of the most interesting pages in the next
Sunday CalL
It is almost that verv same quality of circumstance that forms the
theme of Robert Barr's srreat romantic story. The Kinz Icvesttsates,**
and by perhaps a strange coincidence the problem is solved in a novel
way in the fourth and last installment of E. \V. Townsend's latest and
best novel, "Lees and Leaven." which will appear next Sundav. The
famous creator of "Chimmie Fadden" has made a bis sensation since ap-
pearing as a writer in the Sunday CalL
is still unmarried and her action has set the East by the ears. In
the discussion pro and con (and it is truly Temarkable what stand
the women have taken) Father John Talbot Smith of the Catholic
church was appealed to. He haa given his dictum in no uncertain words.
"To tell the truth." he said. "I do not think it is a practical ques-
tion at all. this one of eliminating the word obey. It is in the nature of
things that the man should command and woman should obev. no mat-
ter how many statutory provisions you make, simply because a man likes
to command and a woman likes to obey.
"What is the vise of statutes against a natural proclivity or condition?
You can see the wisdom of the church in omitting this word from its
ritual
A FEW days ago a famous and stunning beauty abruptly termina-
/\ ted her own weddinsr ceremony by refusing to reneat the word
/a "Obey" after the officiating clergyman. In consequence she
Love, Honor and ? Obey.Flour and Millstuffs.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Is qr c (new) — —
la qr coup... — — 3s qr coup .. — ? — '-
4s qr reg .. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s — — Do Bs — 112t£
Bay CPC 6S.103V4106 Do con Ss.103 —
Cal C a 5S.103U — O W C ir 5s. — • —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S Bs. 75 —
m & ct 5s. — 102% Om C R 6s. — 122^i
Cal-«t 6s ... — — Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C Wat 5s. — 102 P E Ry 5s.l00%110%
E L & P 6S.125 130 P & C H 63. — —
F & C H 6s. — — P & O R 63. — —
Geary-st Bs.. 40 90 Powel-st 6s. — 116
H C&S 544S.101 — S E O&R 5s. — lOrt
H C & S 6s. 98^ — . SF & SJV5s. — 120t£
Hon R T 6s.lO6ttlO9 S R of C 6s.ll2% — '
L A Klec r.s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 6s.ll2 113M (1000) 1O7% —
L A L Co 6s — — (1010) .... — 109U
Do gtd 6s. — ' — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6S.102 — (1905)Sr A.101%103
IAP lcm 6s. 90 — (1005)Sr B.102V 4 —
Mkt-st C 63.113 — (1900) 104^ —
Do lcm 5s. — 117 > (1012) — —
NRR of C 6«107»410S SPC 1 eg 5s. — 119
NRC of C 5sil6H — Do stmpd.107% —
N P C R 5s. — 109 S P B R 6s. — 135
N C R 6s.. — 113 S V Wat 6s.lO5%in«V;
N C P C 6S.100 101 Do 4s 2dm. — • 100%
N 8 R 6s... 100 — Do 4s 3dm. 99 U —
O G L H 6s. — — Stkn G&E 6s 8S —
O T Co 6s.. — 121 *U O & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — — Sp V W W. 83% —
Mario Co ... 61 — Sp V W Co. — 42H
Port Coeta... — — - .
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent 1. & P. 3% 4»A Sac E G & R — —
EquitGas.. *V, 5% S F G & E.. 66 66%
Mutual E L. 11% 13 S F Gas S —
Pac O Imp. — 53% Stock G & E 5 —
Pac Lighting 65% — UQ&E....— —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
SF O ft E.. «5% — .
INSURANCE. '• "
Flrem's Fnd. — 350 1 ; '
The market continues firm, with a good
movement and a slow hardening in quotations
for most descriptions. Prunes are particularly
firm, as the demand is good and the crop is
turning out lighter than expected.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots, 7©9Ho for Royals
and OS lie for Moorparks; Kvaporated Apples.
5@Gc; sundried. 3%@4c; Peaches, 5%©7c;
Pears, 6®»c; Nectarines, 4@5V4c; Figs, white,
4y,@4% c in boxes; Plums, pitted. 6®8c per lb.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2%<g:3ttc for the four
sizes. . . : - r: -
RAISINS— Following are opening prices free
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clusters. $3 per 20-lb box; Deheia clusters.
$2 50: fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
ers $1 66; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
crown standard loose Muscatels, U%@7c per
lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels. OU©
6Hc; 2-crown standard Muscatel*. 6@6V«c;
Seedless Muscatels. 5c: Seedless Muscatels,
floated, 6Vic: Seedless standard Sultanas, 5c;
Thompson Seedless standard. 6c. The follow
ing Quotations on seeded are for a limited
quantity only: Fancy, 16 ounces per lb, 7%o;
fancy, 12 ounces per package, 0%c; choice. 10
ounces per lb, 7%c; choice. 12 ounces per pack
age. GV*c; fancy, bulk, per lb, ftts; choice,
bulk, per lb. 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12He; No.
2, 10Hc; No. 1 hardshell, 12c; , No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, lie for Nonparlels. lOVic for I X L,
lOVie for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. 6®7o for Eastern; Pecans. 110
13c; Cocoanuts, $4 60®5. -
HONEY— Comb, new. 12tf©13Ho for white
and OOllc for amber; new water white ex
tracted, 6%66)ac; light amber extracted, 5c;
dark. 3%©4V4c.
BEESWAX— 27©20c per lb.
Dried Fruitsjfuts, Raisins, Honey
Stock and Bond Exchange.
SATUBDAT. Oct. 3—12 m.
Golden Gate? Camj>, "Woodmen of th©
World, with a membership of more than
1300, has made arrangements for a rc<
unlon, entertainment and dance to ba
given In Native Sons' Hall on th© night
of Friday, October 9. . Invitation* have
been limited to tha members of the camp
and the members of their families. A
tirst-class programme has been arranged
and a large* orchestra will furnish tha
music for dancing. This camp has not
given a function of this kind for a long
time and it will be the aim of the com
mittee, consisting: of J. "Wlnsom, A. F.
Phreaner, J. A. Hlrsch and J. W. Stan
eart, j to make this the very beat la tho
history of this association.
Golden Gate Camp's Reunion.
The Wellesley Land and Improvement Com
pany of San Francisco has levied an assess
ment of $15 per share, delinquent October SO.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 35 cents per share
October 5.
Busineas on the local exchanges was light.
as usual on Saturday, and quotations showed
no changes worthy of comment-
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week were
11,360 shares, valued at $10.125, . the leading
sales being as follows: Apollo and Chicago
Crude, 1000 shares each; Ftour. 600; Reed. 1700;
Home. 4735; Nevada and Independence. 500
each.
CHICAGO. Oct. 3.— WltM the opening sales
wheat prices started In a downward .direction
and the decline continued throughout the en
tire session. The opening -was bantly steady
on rather indifferent cables. December being
unchanged to a shade higher at 783 B @78%c.
Local houses with St. Louis connections had
selling orders from the start, and added to
this was the break of nearly 2c ln the De
cember price ln St. Louis. One or two of
the big houses here were on the belling side
early and this started a general liquidation
and values declined rapidly. One of the chief
factors in creating the bearish sentiment was
the large primary receipts, those at 8t. Louis
showing the greatest gain. There was little
demand at any time tn the - session and the
volume of trading was small. Closing prices
were at about the bottom figures, final figures
on December being l®l',4o lower at 77 1 /4@77%c.
Extremely favorable weather throughout the
corn belt, together with the weakness ln wheat,
were responsible for lower prices ln corn.
December closed lc lower at 44«ic. Local re
ceipts were 300 cars, with forty-six of contract
trade. *
The weskness in wheat and corn was the
principal factor in bringing out free selling of
oats by discouraged longs and prices slumped
accordingly. The close was weak, with De
cember down %®%c at 35%@35%c. ,
There was little doing In the provision pit
and prices were easier, in sympathy with the
lower groin prices. January pork closed at
a loss of 7%e at $12 45, January lard was off
2V,c at it 8T%, and ribs down 2&@5c at
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Washington Crop Bulletin
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week euded Sep
tember 2S. Is ta follows:
"There were light rhowors in the eastern
counties during the first part of the week,
which were not sufficient to interrupt farm
ing ooeratlons. There were h«avy rains at
the same period in the Puget Sound btsin. and
during the entire week the rains were heavy
ln the co&ft counties. Thousands of bushels
cf oate^ standing in shocks, were wet ln Che
fcalig County, and considerable in the Round
country. The oats will be discolored, if not
more badly damaged. High winds occurred
on Beveral days, blowing oil a good deal of
fruit.
"In the "eastern counties the weather was.
en the whole, very favorable for wheat harvest
ing. Cutting is finished, stacking done and
threshing :> about three-fourths or more done,
except m the latest localities. Much of the
crop h&E been hauled to the warehouses. Po
tato digging progressed ln districts where- the
rain wa« not too heavy. Considerable blight
and core r&t are reported from coast and
sound localities. Hop picking is completed in
th? TaJdma yards and ln the smaller yards of
the western counties. Rain has freatly In
terrupted picking, and" has somewhat injured
the crop. Mold Is reported by some. Sugar
beets are now being gathered Sn Spokane
County. The yield ix good and the test shows
* bi«h percentage of 'tugar. Conditions have
not been good for saving the eecond crop of
clover ana much of it is badly damaged.
"Pastures and ranges have been greatly Im
proved by the rains. The moisture has been
beneficial to root crops and to Lite apples.
Th? ac:>ie crop will bo considerably larger ln
consequence. Fall wheat that was pown dur
ing the rains of the early part of the month
is up and growing nicety. Much needing has
been done, although the rround In some places
ie rather dry. Altogether the conditions are
unusually favorable for fall wheat.
"Briefly summarizing the results of the sea.
Bon, we note that the yield of winter wheat,
on account of poor stand, from unfavorable
ronCitions last fall, was only two-thirds of
the average, but of good quality. Barley,
r.<-ar the foothills of the Blue Mountains, was
a cood croi> of excellent quality. Oats were
"r.iy a fair crop In the eastern oour.Uen, but
heavy Sn the weFtern counties, although some
what damaged near the coaft by excessive
raine. Spring wheat, owing to a very back
ward fining and a ehortage of mature dur
ing the growing season, yielded only one-half
to three-fourthfi of a crop, according to local
liy find cultivation, but the wheat was of high
grade. Hops are of fair quality and some
tvhal below the average yield. The hay crop
»fcs a good one. of fine quality."
Weather Report.
a20th Meridian— Pacific time.)
Kan Francisco, Oct. 3 — 5 p. m
COAST RECORD.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Colehan ..~. — 23 Rescue OS —
Esperanza ... 02 03 Ton Belmont. — 1 40
Hannapah ... — 15 Ton & Col.... 18 20)
Lucky Tom C — 10 Ton A O West — 10
MacNamara- . 18 17 Ton of Nev.. — T 60
Mizpah — 85 Ton N Star.. 40 —
Montana Ton. 93 9.1 Ton Midway.. 86 43
New York Ton 02 C5 United Ton... 10 15
Paymaster ... — 13|Utopia — Id
Chollar 2« 27, Scorpion 03 04
Crown Point.. 2O 21 ! Challenge .... 31 33
Exchequer ... IS 14! Sierra Nev... 60 «1
Gould & Cut. 23 M Silver Hill. ... M 6O
Hale & Norc. 61 — St. Louis..... 10 —
Imperial..... 03 04 Syndicate .... — 09
Julia ........ 05 07|Unlon 73 74
Justice 07 09 Utah 12 U
Kentuck 02 03| Yellow Jacket 43 50
» SATURDAY. Oct. 2—13 m.
Bid. Ask.] • Bid. Ask.
Andes ....... 19 20 Keyes ....... 76 —
Aita ......... 04 O« Mexican .....1 10 1 13
Alpha 06 07 New York.... 18 IS
Belcher 24 25 Occidental ... 2T 28
Best & Belch. 1 50 1 75 Ophlr ..1 60 1 63
Bullion 0$ 10 Overman .... 22 21
Caledonia ... 89 1 00 Savage ...... 2» 30
Con Calft Va.1 4O 1 45 Potost 2* 29
Confidence... 75. 80 Seg Belcher.. W 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Wheat— Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 3% 6 4>,4
Closing ...6 3% 6 4i4
PARIS.
Wheat— • Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 40 21 35
Closing 21 45 21 35
Flour —
Opening 30 20 28 60
Closing 30 30 28 60
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 610 Feed, sks 055
Oats, ctls ISO Rolled Oats, iks 130
Potatoes, sks... 1,342 Groats, sks 315
FOR SATURDAY, OCT. 3.
Flour, qr ska... 11.990 Shorts, sks SO
Wheat, ctls ... 68,773 Pelts. No. 645
Barley, ctls .... 31.745 Hides, No. 767
Beans, sks 6,658 Sugar, ctls 2,400
Potatoes, sks... 4,625 Quicksilver, flks 67
Onions, sks 450 Leather, rolls... 96
Bran, sks 610 Wine, gallons... 16,100
Middlings, sks.. 415 Tallow, ctls 20
Hay, tons 684|Paper, reams... 635
Hops, boles.... 1 13 Lime, bbla 182
Wool, bales 3931
Receipts of Produce.
The following were the sales on th» Tonopah
Mining Exchange yesterday:
Board —
200 MacNamara . 16 600 Rescn« ...._» 00
100 Mon Ton 85 1700 Ton N Star... 40
600 Pino Grove... 68
TONOPAH STOCK EXCHANGE.
400 Andes 20 200 Hale & Nor... 61
600 Chollar 25 200 Mexican ...1 12U
GOOChoUar 26 700 Savage 3$
200 Con Cal & V.I 40 200 SUrra Nevada Brt
800 Crown Point. 20 COO "Silver Hill... 60
300 Crown Point. 21 200 Union Con. ... 7.1
SCO Gould & Cur.. 241 300 Yellow Jacket 49
The following were the sales on the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACTFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
100 Caledonia 1 051 50 Mexican 1 13
tOO Chollar 28100 Ophlr ........1 63
500 New York 17 200 Potosi Ti
100 Crown Point.. 20 200 Savage 2:>
400 Gould & Cur.. 23 200 Utah 12
200 Keyes 75 D00 Yellow Jacket. 43
The following were the sales on the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board, yester
day:
Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
QUINCES— 35®&0c per box. '"" "
FIGS — Black, 60@75c for double layers, 250
35c for drawers arid 75c<3$l for large boxes
from the river; White, 35@50c per box.
PRUNES — 5O@75c per box or crate.
PEACHES— Freestones, 85®00c for small
boxes and 4i>gr>0o for open boxes; Clingstones,
75c for large open boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 50fciT5c for small boxsfc
and $1 C0ig2 25 for large.
GRAPES— Seedless, $1 per box; Isabella, 40
@05c per crate; Cornlchon. 6O@70c per crate;
other varieties, 80@40e for small boxes; 40®
65o for crates and 6O@85c for large open boxes;
Wine Graphs, $20@23 per ton for Ztnfandel.
$18^20 for Mission and $12" 3 15 for White.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, $1 25@1 75 per
crate; Nutmeg Melons, 40075c per box; Wate?*
melons, 10@20c each.
CITRUS Fit UlTb— Oranges, $2 50®3 for fan
cy Valenclas. $2(&2 50 for choice and $1@1 50
for ftandaid; Seedlings. $1@1 23; Lemons, $ltr
3 per box: Grape Fruit, $202 50; Mexican
Limes. $4 60^5; Bananas. $1 2502 per bunch;
Pineapples, *-'ij3 per dozen.
PEARS— Bartlctts. $1©1 50: winter varie
ties. 60@75c per box for common and $1@1 25
for Winter Nellls.
The Fruit market was fairly active, as re
tailers were stocking up for the Sunday trade,
but supplies of all descriptions were ample
and as a rule prices were no higher. Apples
were a leading feature and well packed, highly
¦colored offerings were ln brisk demand at full
figures, with occasional sales of exceptionally
fine stock reported at a premium over the
quoted rates. Common Apples were abundant
and dull. Bartlett Pears were ln limited sup
ply and steady. Peaches were ln free supply
and weak and It was difficult to obtain more
tlian 40c per box for the general run of offer-
Ings. A considerable quantity of open boxes
came ln late In the day from Santa Clara and
there was quite a surplus unsold at the close.
The other tree fruits stood about as previous
ly quoted, supplies of all kinds being anrple.
There was an abundance of all varieties of
table Grapes .except Seedless, the season for
which is about over. Prices of crate stock
ranged a little higher under a limited Inquiry
for shipment north on the sound steamer, but
the general run of offerings sold to the local
trade at 60@00c per crate. Wine Grapes were
quiet, with prices unsettled. Some sales were
reported at $24@25 per ton, but there were
about twenty cars on the track and buyers
were holding off In expectation of lower
pHces. Nutmeg Melons and Watermelons were
offering freely and were quiet at previous
prices. Cantaloupes were in small supply and
quoted higher. Citrus and Tropical Fruits had
nj noteworthy change.
Choice lots of Berries were in fair request,
but the market was overloaded with poor
stock. A large portion of the receipts of Ma
linda Strawberries went to peddlera at the
minimum quotation and the canners secured
quite a quantity of Raspberries at the inside
rate. Coos Bay Cranberries were offering at
lower rates and moved slowly. Cape Cod lots
were offering at previous prices and the de
mand was nothing extra.
STRAWBERRIES— Malindas, $1 50®4 per
chest; Longworths, $5g7.
RASPBERRIES — $3 60@5 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES — 6<fc8c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $S 7509 per
bbl ; Coos Bay. $2 50@3 per box.
APPLES— $1@1 25 per box for fancy, - BO®
86c for good to choice and 25040c for com
mon.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
FUTURES.
Eesston 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. • High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 38& $1 38% $1 38% $1 88%
May 139 1 39V4 139 139%
BARLEY — The market closed the week
quietly, with futures higher and the cash grain*
unchanged.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 1001 12%-; Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 17%®1 22%; Chevalier. $1 2001 60 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 10 $1 10& $1 10 $1 10
OATS — The market continues well supplied
and quotations show no change. The demand
is nothing extra.
White. $1 2O@l 32%; Black. $1 4001 60:
Red, $1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25©1 30 for
Beed; Gray, $1 22%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market continues quiet at pre
vious prices. Arrivals from the West have
fallen off during the past week.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. says: "The market Is heavy and lower.
Country offerings are still small and the ship
ping demand fairly good, but the market is
evidently adjusting Itself to a new state of
conditions. While last year's crop was large,
exhausted reserves maintain the. price around
60c per bushel. With a fair crop this year It
looks as If prices were shaping for an adjust
ment around a lower level. . Out of the large
crop of last year the country must still have
considerable reserve of corn. Owing to the
sharp recent decline ln the market they are
holding It back: It Is a question of time,
however, when they must adjust themselves
to ruling conditions and the marketing of
corn must become free. We think corn should
also be sold on the rallies, but to avoid the
possibility of small stocks and consequent ma
nipulation we would sell the May In preference
to the December."
Western, sacked. $1 42% for Yellow. $1 42%
for White and $1 40 for mixed; California
large Yellow, $1 46@1 50; small round do.
$1 70® 1 75; White, $1 50 per ctl.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
California -Club, $1 42%@1 45; California
White Australian. $1 52%@>1 65; Northern
Club, ?1 42%@1 45; Northern Blue Stem,
$1 62%@1 65; Oregon Valley, $1 45 per ctl.
WHEAT — Foreign futures were firmer, but
there was no noteworthy news from abroad.
In this market, which Is quiet and weak,
quotations for both cash grain and futures
were lower.
The Chicago letter of Bolton. de Ruyter &
Co. said: "The market' -Is heavy and about
1 cent lower. The strength .noticeable the
past few days has spent its effect. It came
largely from a frightened short Interest. There
was nothing, and Is nothing so far aa we can
see, to Justify these fears. We are Inclined to
the view that there are many bullish factors
which will some, time manifest their effects.
Yet for the next few weeks the load which
speculators must carry ' Is certain to increase
rapidly. Every temporary rally puts us out
of line with foreign markets, which do not
follow us. There is no reason why they .should
follow, because other exporting countries are
supplying them freely with wheat: Every dip
ln this market to a lower point adds our of
ferings of wheat to foreign markets and in
creases the selling pressure. The congested
condition for the December delivery ln St.
Louis has put us about on a shipping basis
to that market and has driven whatever mill
ing demand there Is for No. 2 red wheat to
this market. It is not very great. We are
inclined to the view that St. Louis, as well as
this and other markets, must sooner or later
come to the question of supply and demand,
and that with their prices bo greatly out of
line, they will get all the No. 2 red wheat
they care to buy. We would sell wheat en the
rallies."
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet. Common quoted at 4(5*50; prime,
6V4O5%c: choice, 6@6%c; fancy, 6U@7%c.
PRUNES — Are In good demand and rule
firm at from 3%c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Firm and a fair Jobblnsr de
mand reported. Choice quoted at 9\i@9%c;
extra choice, 9%@10%c; fancy, 10%@12c.
PEACHES — Steady, 7V4@7%c for choice and
7%@8Vlc for extra choice.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
34,116 barrels; exports, 11.906 barrels. Sales,
6500 barrels. Quiet, but with prices steadily
held. Winter patents. $3 9O®4 30; winter
straits, ?3 75@3 90; Minnesota patents, $4 70
64 90; winter extras, $2 90@3 25; Minnesota
bakers', $3 S584 10; winter low grades, $2 70®
3 05. <J
WHEAT — Receipts. 92,650 bushels; exports,
16,132 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 84%o
elevator and S3%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 9u%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba. 92c f. o. b. afloat. Options devel
oped early strength on higher cables and good
local buying of December, but soon yielded to
realizing ar.d Western depression. The close
was rather weak under a light export Inquiry
and prospective larger receipts, closing Vk@44o
net lower; May. 83 3-16@83%c, closed 83%c;
December, 84 9-10@80%c. closed 84%c .
HOPS— Steady; Paclflc Coast (1903 crop)
common to choice, 27632c; 1902 crop, common
to choice, 21®26%c; olds, 10® 18c.
HIDES— Steady; Galveston. 20 to 25 lbs.
ISc: California, 21 to 25 lbs, 19c; Texas dry,
24 to 30 lb«. 14c. „„„.„„
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 28@32c.
SUGAR — Raw, eteedy; fair refining, 3%c:
centrifugal, 90 test, XX. 3 29-32c; molasses
sugar. 3 5-32c; refined, quiet; No. 6. 4.40o; No.
7 4 S5c; No. 8, 4.30c: No. 9, 4.25c; No. 10.
4.25c; No 11. 4.15c: No. 12, 4.10c; No. 13,
4.05c: No. 14, 4c; confectioners' A, 4c; mold
A, 6.05c; cutloaf, 6.40c; crushed, 5.40c; pow
dered. 4.90c; granulated, 4.80c: cubes, 5.05c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, steady: Cordova. 7@llc. The mar
ket for futures closed steady at a partial de
cline of 6 points. Sales. C200 bags. Including:
December. 5c; March, 5.23@5.3Oc; May, 5.400
0.45c; July, 5.60c.
New York Grain and Produce.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 82%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Sliver, per ounce — 6n%
Mexican Dollars 47 48
Exchange and Bullion.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The predicted rise ln Hay has occurred, as
will be seen by the quotations, and the market
Is firm at the advance. Local merchants con
trol the supply, tributary to San Francisco,
and prospects are for a firm and comparatively
high market the rest of the season. . ;
Feedstuff s continue very firm with a brisk
demand . reported ; by the mills, but prices
show no advance.
BRAN — $21 604222 60 per ton. ,
MIDDLINGS — $26 50@28 per ton.
SHORTS — $21 50®22 60 per ton.'
i FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24®25 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 60; Job
bing, $27®27 50; Coooanut Cake, $21@22:
Corn Meal, $32 60@33: Cracked Corn. $33©
33 60; Mixed Feed, $22 50023 SO; Horse Beans,
$28@30 per ton.. ; . . J»Hgf8g»At>iffiilft»ltMjtof<
HAY — Wheat, $12 50015 60, with sains- of
extra choice at $10; Wheat arid Oat, $12015;
Oat, $12@14; Wild Oat,-$11@12; Barley,.
- Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was
steady; winter patents, $3 90@4 10: straights,
$3 5(«@3 90: , spring patents, $4 20® 4 60;
straights. ?3 8004; bakers*, $2 60®3 40; No. 3
spring wheat. 72® 82c; No. 2 red, 77V4@"8%c:
No. 2 corn. 44%c; No. 2 yellow, 46%<j; No. 2
oats. 35%©37c; No. 3 white, 35%©37%c; No. 2
rye. 63c; good feeding barley, 43@45c; fair to
choice malting, 47©55c: No. 1 flaxseed, 95c;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 01%; prime timothy
seed, $2 95; mess pork, per bbl, $11 25© 11 60;
There Is nothing new In the local situation.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.
says: . "The market Is about unchanged. The
conditions are most unsatisfactory for specula
tive operations and speculative confidence. The
two leading packers ¦ practically own the accu
mulation of products. It seems to be the plan
Provisions.
U S ref 2s reg.107 L & N unified 4s. 08
Do coupon 107 Manhtn eon gold4s 09 U
Do 3s, reg 108 Mex Cent 4s .... 69%
Do coupon 108% Do 1st lnc 14
Do new 4*. reg.135 Minn & St L 4s.. B6%
Do coupon 135 Mo. Kans & T 4s 97%
Do old 4s, reg.lll Do 2ds 77
Do coupon Ill NtR of Mex con4s 75
Do 6s reg 102% NYC gen 3%s.. 96'4
Do coupon 102% N J C gen 6s.... 128%
Atch gen 4s 03 Nor Pac 4s 100%
Do adj 4a S9?4 Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C Line4s. 00 Nor & W con 4s. 95
Bal ti Ohio 4s.... 99*i Or S L 4* & part 8S%
Do 3%s 92% Pa conv 3 Vis 06
Central of Ga 5s. 109% Reading gen 4s.. 95',i
Do 1st lnc 67 S X. & I M con 5s.lO9%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01% S L & S F fg 4s. 81%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 73 St Louis SW lsts. 93
C. B & Q new4s. 91 Seaboard A Ln 4s 69
CM & S P gen4«.iom So Pac .4s 85%
Chi & NW con 7s.l31 1 /4 So Ry 5s .......112%
Chi R I & P 4s. 70% Tex & Pac lsts.. 114%
Do col 6s 74 T, St L A W 4s. 69
C.C.C & SL »m 4s m Union Pac 4s 100%
Chi Term 4s 72% Do conv 4s .... fl.1%
Con Tob it, ..... 63% iU S Steel 2d 6s.. 71
NEW YORK BONDS.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— sales. High. Low. Close.
AtchiFon 28,600 C4H 63"4 63*i
Atchlson pfd 300 89 88 88
Balto & Ohio 8,400 75 7 i 75« 75U
Balto & Ohio pfd. . ..I.. .... .... 83
Canadian Pacific... 8,200 121ft 120% 1204
Central of N J .. X50
Chea & Ohio 400 30% 30% 30S
Chi & Alton W0 22»i 22 22
Chi & Alton pfd. 200 Ki% C2 61 V*
Chicago & G W... 7<»0 1ST. 15U 15»i
Chi &. G W B pfd. 700 26T4 28ft 27ii
Chicago & N W... U00 168% 158 157
Chi Term & Trans »tt
Chi Term & T pfd lge'
C C C & St Louis 19U
Colo Southern .... 1.CO0 13% 13% 13
Colo So 1st pfd.. 200 60>4 50«; 50
Colo So 2d pfd .. 200 21 V4 21 20%
Del & Hudson .' 153 ii
Del Lack & West. 100 23.'*% 233% 233 '
t>eirrer & R G... IO» '20% 2074 20%
Denver & R G pfd 69»i
Erie 33,000 29 2S% 2sifc
Erie 1st pfd 1,700 67 C6% 66%
Kri e 2<i pfd 900 49% 48% 48%
Great Nor pfd 160
Hocking Valley .. 1,600 70Vi 68% 70&
Hocking Val pfd 78
Illinois Central ... 300 130% 130% 130%
Iowa Central 18%
Iowa Central pfd. 100 35- 35 35
Kansas City So 20
Kansas City So pfd : . 36
Louis & Nash 2,000 98% 9S 98
Manhattan L 900 131% 131 H 131 >4
Metropolitan St Ry 2,300 107 105% 106%
Minn & St Louis 48
Missouri Pacific .. 6.600 90% &V% 89%
Mo Kan & Tex 18
Mo Kan & T pfd. 300 36 Vi 36H 'MM.
N R R of Mex pfd 100 38 38 37%
N Y Central 3,600 117% 116% llt> : ;*
Norfolk & West C8
Nor & West pfd.. 300 88% 8814 fcS
Ontario & Western 1.400 21% 21% 21%
Pennsylvania 15.400 119% 118% 118%
Pitts C C & St L. 61%
Reading 13,500 4S% 47% 47%
Reading 1st pfd... 200 75% 75% 75%
Reading 2d pfd . . 300 04 63 03
Rock Island Co 8,900 26% 25% 25%
Rock Island Co pfd 400 60% 60 60%
St Louis & S F 60
S L & S F 1st pfd 60
S L & 8 F 2d pfd. 800 48 40ft 47
St Louis S W 14
St Louis S W pfd 31%
St Paul 11,400 141 14 140% 140%
St Paul pfd 174
Southern Pacific .. 4.000 42% 42% 42%
Southern Railway.. 2,700 19% 19»4 1»
Southern Ry pfd.. 000 77% . 77 76%
Texas & Paclflc... 1.000 24% 24 24
Tol St L & W... 100 18 18 17%
Tol St L & W pfd *»%
Union Paclflc 15,400 71% 71 71
Union Paclflc pfd 84%
Wabash .. ••••• 2 00 20 19 "* 10 *>
Wabash pfd 3.C00 32)4 31% 31%
Wheel & L Erie 15
Wisconsin Central \*%
Wisconsin C<?n pfd <«»
Express Companies—
Adams ~r«
American ..." **?
United States JVj?
Wells-Fargo ; - w
Ama^CcTp^:.. 69.200 42% 41% 42%
A™CaT& F P oVndry 1.000 2«i% 20V» 2C%
Am Car &F pfd.. 200 78 ..% 78
Am Lineeed Oil »»
Am Lin O!l pfd f»
Am Locomotive "/*
£Si£?tS d Rif::: £g& g: w Ui
A-mfu^Re^: 1% Xg lfl % l! %
lirk^P^T^.: 4.^ 34% 3% ffi
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 40% 40% 41
Colum & Hock Cool "
Consolidated Gas .. •••• '•?•• •••• J'r
General Electric .. 1.300 150 148 148%
Internat Paper "
Internat Paper pfd ««J»
Int»rnat Pump Z*J*
Internat Pump pfd. .... •-•• -•;- <"
National Biscuit .. 100 39% 33% 39%
National Lead £j
North American 73
». M <Si:::::i ¦» •» ft 2u
Pressed Steel Car <«V4
Pressed S Car pfd 76
rShc Steel pfd. 1.200 «3 ffig 62%
Rubber Goods .... 400 15K 1»% 15J4
Rubber Goods pfd «..•• «<*4
u^^t'htr 1^:: -506 •;% •$ %
V S Leather pfd... 200 77 77 76%
fj I Rubber 100 10% 10% 10
I* S U"bber pfd 37
US Steel.... 1U00 18% 17% 17%
V 8 Steel pfd 14,500 04% C?% C4%
Western Union ... 200 62 81% 81%
Total sales ...237.500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3. — San Francisco bond
transactions, 10.000 at $77 VZ.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— Total Imports £ of
merchandise and dry goods at the port of Isew
York this week were $10,282,386.
Total imports of specie at the Port of New
York for this week were $52,155 In silver and
$01,641 In gold. '
Total exports of specie from the port of
New York for this week were $002,005 in sil
ver and $1000 In gold.
Exports and Imports.
Eggs are steady at the Improved prices al
ready noted, with light receipts and stocks
of choice ranch.
. Receipts were 15,700 lbs Butter, 637 cases
Eggs and 36,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. , 28329c for extras and
26K27c for seconds; dairy. 21@24c; store Butter,
17H@l»c: cold storage, 24@25c; Eastern, 22®
24e per lb.
CHEESE— 13c for special mild new. 12®12%c
for the general run and lKill^c for lower
grades. Young America. 13®14c; Eastern, 15®
IGo: Western. 14©15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 3S@39c for large white se
lected and 32%@37%c for fair to choice; store.
2f.'[i27Vic; cold storage, 1'lQl'Uc; Eastern, 24@
27 %c per dozen.
There Is no further decline In Butter, but
the market la freely supplied and weak for
reasons frequently stated during the post few
days.
Supplies of common Cheese show no diminu
tion and the market rules weak, with holders
anxious to eell. Fine mild new, however. Is
rather firm than otherwise.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
COFFEE — C. E. Blckford's circular eays:
"The market was rather quiet her© up to the
middle of September, but has been better since
then. The demand is confined chiefly ta low
priced descriptions and the inquiry continues
at this writing. Unfavorable crop news^ from
Brazil has started all markets going, tbe ad
vance In New York during the month fielng
He per pound In soot Coffee and 6O ' to 90
points In futures. Late cables from, Brazil
Indicate the present crop to b« not over 12.
000,000, with tendency to reduce those figures,
while continued lack of rain la held trj some
to have materially affected the prospects of
1904-5. To-day's first-hand stock consists of
6310 bags Coata Rick. 2371 Nicaragua, 8957
Salvador, 33,160 Guatemala, 1714 Mexican and
6SS4 various; In all. 59.396 bags."
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6^0
7c per lb: Whit* Lead. O^QTc. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — Th» Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb "bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. C.S5c;
Powdered. 6.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c? Dry
Granulated, fine, 6.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.60c: Fruit Granulated. 6.60c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 6.45c; Confectioned' A.
5.60c; Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c; Gold
en C, 5c: "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c mbre: 60-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.10c; boxes. 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OD^— Water White Coal Oil tn bulk.
14%c: Pearl Oil in cases. 21c; Astral. 21c;
Star, 21c; Extra Star. 25c; Elaine. 27c; Eocene,
24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, I7c;
In cases. 23^c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; In cases
1914c; 86-degree Gasoline, la bulk, 21c; In
cases, 27 %c.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon la coses and
74o In drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bogs. B£5%c; San Queotln.
5.65c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%
©Sc: Cotton Fruit Bags. 6tf c. 6%c and 7U~
for the three grades; Brown Jute. 6%®7%c
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $3 60; Bea
ver Hill. $5 60; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 60; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50: Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump, $11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per ton;
Coke. $11 50@13 per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 60 per ton. according to brand.
OIL. — Linseed, 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrels; cases. 6c more; Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers* AA, $1 10® 1 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw !n barrels ; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrel*, 90c: eases. 05c;
China Nut. 65®70c per gallon; purs Neatsfoot.
In barrels, 75o; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c:
Whale Oil. natural white, 50® 55c per gallon:
Fish Oil, In barrels, 45c; cases, 60c: Cocoanut
Oil. In barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 65c for Aus
tralian.
General Merchandise.
Oregon— Hop picking practically completed:
threshing progressing rapidly, yield slightly
belcw average; potato blight continues In coast
counties; field onions about all Dulled, crop
good; prune drying in progress, crop excellent:
pear» end plums yielding well, apples fair to
Cood.
Woft Virginia — Practically no 'rult except
apjU-s. which ere good only In a few counties.
Ohio— PoUuots decaying In northern section;
b;jj!"s cor.tinu» dropping badly.
Michigan — Potato rot and Blight general:
eugar beets fair; quality of apples deteriorated.
Wisconsin — Apples light; cranberry picking
under way, rood crcp.
Iowa — Apple ar.d potato harvest in progress.
Oklahoma and Indian Territories — Apples
yielding well.
Idaho — Sugar beet yield satisfactory: potatoes
about average; fruit slightly below average.
Colorado — Digging of early potatoes general;
eupsr btt-t harvest beginning. .
Utah — Sugar beets and fruit doing well.
Washington — Italian prunes ripening; hop
picking progressing under favorable conditions,
crop not heavy.
The rfports continue to indicate extensive
X>re»-&Jeni-e of blleht and decay In potatoes.
New Bntiand — Some damage to apples by
high wlnde. all crops injured by frost, po
tatoes where nut Fj>raye4 rotting ba£ly both In
field ar.d cellar.
New York — Potatoes declining, harvest of
Jiop» ficlshed, apjles and grapes UkM, quality
food.
New Jprsoy — Severe storm the 10th did lm
mpni-e .;..:.._!.•• to all croj». Large quantities
aj'jjif» blown from trees and many trees up
roi-ted. sra.r«es eericusly shortened.
Pennsylvania — Pctnto rot general and crop
.much shortened. Aj>pie crop meeting expecta
tions.
Maryland and Delaware— Tomatoes continue
!itl-t, armies dropping generally, grapes plen
t::ui.
Virginia — Apple* full crop, but materially
"Censagtd on eastern shore by pale of the 15th.
North Carolina — An inferior crop of winter
;.; ;;e«, season for other fruits over.
Florida — Damage to citrus fruits not so ex
tensive as aj^rithended, pinenpple.i suffered.
Arkansas — Apples short and of inferior
quality.
Tennessee — Apple crop only fair.
Kentucky — Ajjj>!es dropping.
Missouri — Apjjle crop very light.
lUincis — Potatoes rotting from excessive
moisture, apple* continue to drop, light crop
of inferior Quality.
Indiana — CJooJ crop of tomatoes promised,
but rir.ening slowly; light crop of appU-s and
iiotatoes.
From tfce Cro;> Bulletin. United States De
partment of Agriculture, Washington,
wetk «>r.<5*-d September 21.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
Totals $233,01 1
la SeDtember. 1902, the collections wer*
f^3.407.
NEW YORK. Oct. 8.— The statement of av
erages of the Cearing-house banks of this city
for the week show: Loans. $912,903,100; de
crease. $4,144,600. ' Deposits. $897,214,400; de
crease, $4,130,800. Circulation. $45,674,700; de
crease $11,800. Legal tender. $70,762,700; de
crease' $1,057,100. Sped*. $167,478,400; de
crease! $607,400. Reserve. $238,241,100; de
crease $l,C64,500. Reserve required $224,303,
600; decrease. $1,032,700. Surplus, $13,937,500;
decrease $C31,8C0. Ex-United States deposits,
$23 139.700; decrease. $1,102,800.
Associated Banks Statement.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 3. — Wheat — Walla Wal
la. 74c: blue stem. 77c: valley, 76@77c
WASHINGTON. ,
TACOMA, Oct. 8. — Wheat, lo higher; blue
stem, 78c: club. 74c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Oct. 3.— Clearings. $717,593;
balances. $191,030.
PORTLAND. Oct. 3. — Clearings, $490,170;
balances. $06,790.
SPOKANE. Oct. 3. — Clearings. $435,826; bal
ances. $43,570.
LONDON. Oct. 3. — During the- week there
has been a fair demand for wool at firm prices.
The arrivals for the sixth series of auction
sales amount to 28,880 bale*. Including 4000
forwarded direct to RDlnners.
London Wool Sales.
The pressure has fatten along the entire
coast and risen over the Rocky Mountain re
gion.
The temperature has fallen over Utah and
remained nearly stationary In other districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 4: Northern
California— Rain In north portion; cloudy In
south portion; Sunday, fresh southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind. Nevada — Cloudy Sunday with rain In
north portion. San Francl9co and vicinity
Rain Sunday; fresh eauthwest wind.
. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecaster, temporarily In charge.
The storm noted off the Oregon coast this
morning has moved slowly eastward and is
still central off the mouth of the Columbia
Rlv«r.
Internal Revenue.
Tfce collections of Internal revesue. In the
Kan I'ranclsco district during tha month of
September were as follows:
Spirits $116,110
Beer 85,428
Cigars and cigarettes 21,Sl(i
fpeclal tax tt.390
Tobacco 2.WJ
r,ista • 1.153
EnufT 23
i'la.yiat cards 18
Poultry closed the week easy with retailers
well supplied. Receipts were light yesterday,
but the demand was slack and dealers were
obliged to cut prices In order to clean up. The
sixth car of Western for the week was at
hand, but was not offered for sale. It will
be marketed to-morrow. Game was steady
and unchanged, the demand and. supply about
balancing. Some Gray Geese came in and
gold at $5 per dozen.
POULTRY— Young Turkeys, 20@22c per lb;
Geese, per. pair, $1 5Oyi 75; Goslings, $2;
Ducks, fftfjO per dozen for old and $6Q6 60 for
young; Hens, $5®6 for large and $4 5005 50
for small: young Roosters. $4 50-S5 50; old
Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers. $404 60; Broilers, $3
(S3 75 for large and $2 60ff3 for small; Plgeona.
$1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50®2 for
Squabs.
GAME — Rabbit*. $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tall. $1 25 for brush: Hare. $1 2501 60 per
dozen; Wild Doves, $1 25 per dozen; English
Snipe, $4 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
5"/. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 3. — Wool, steady; medium
trades and combine and clothing, 16@21c;
light fine, 15@15%c; heavy, fine, 12®14%c;
tub washed. 2OS3Oc.
The detrlnra at the San Fr&nclsco clearing
bouse during tlie week Just end«d were $35,
«$C3,2C0, uf^Irst $34. 037.. 24 during the cor
re«pon<!!ar week In 19CC, showing Aa Increase
Cf $l,€25.S5fl.
Bank Clearings.
Sacramento ...30.10 74 48 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.08 53 42 W Clear .04
San Francisco.30.20 60 64 W Rain Tr.
S. L. Oblspo..30.14 78 48 W Clear .00
San Diego 30.00 70 82 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.96 60 46 N Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.06 68 40 SW Clear .00
Taurash 29.90 66 44 B Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .20. 00 62 50 N Cloudy Tr.
Winnemucca .30.04 66 62 SW Cloudy Tr.
Turn 29.98 82 64 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and threatening weather prevails over
the northern half of the Pacific Slope and fair
over the southern. Lleht showers have oc
cuired from San Francisco northward along the
d-.fc.nt and generally over tha Interior north of
Central Nevada.
The following quotations are for gcod. sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less fiO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows, 4@5o per pound.
CALVES — 4©5%e per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%S3%c; Ewes. 3@3%c
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 75®p per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 150 to 250 lbs. 6%c; under
150 lbs. 5%®5%c; Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars.
60 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent oft /from
above quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
BEEF — t©7c for Steers and SQ6%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6%©8c: small. 6910c per
pound: }
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%eSc; Ewes. 7©7%t
per pound.
LAMB — 9© 10c per pound.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 8Vi@9Vlc per pound.
Wholesale rates from slauebterers to dealers
are as follows:
Supplies of all descriptions continue stri
dent for the demand and quotations show no
change.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 3.">
Apollo 4O
Associated Trust Cert 'JV Zi
Aztec M>
California Standard H> 12
Caribou 1 00 1 10
Central Point Con 7u
Chicago Crude 2O
: Claremcnt ..\ 2» .....
. Esperanza 1 25 1 3O
Kour «> 70
Fulton 3 0O
Giant .:. 20
Hanford \ 14t> 0O 130 CO
Home 1 C3 I 27 %
Imperial IS OO
Independence 17 1H
Junction 20
Kern 4 75 ' 5 25
Kern River 10 00 IS 00
Lion 03 04
i Monarch (of Arizona) BO
Monte Cristo 73 80
Occidental of W Va IS 1S>
Oil City Petroleum 23 SO
Peerless 13 50 14 00
Pittsburg 23
Reed Crude 3S 41
S F & McKlttrick 2 75
San Joaquin & O D 5 5(> .....
Senator 6S
Sovereign 40 41
Sterling 2 80
Superior 06 07
Thirty-three 7 11 8 OO
Toltcc 21
Twenty-eisht 400 440
West Shore 2 90 3 23
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 60
AlameUa Sugar 290O
American Biscuit SS OO »3 OO
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp
Cal Cotton Milis SS 00 95 *O
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 23 «*>
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland CO OO
. Chutes Company 8 2.1
'¦ Cypress Lawn Imp't Co t> 2."»
Fischer's Theater 2 75 3 Of>
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 SO
Honolulu Sugar IS OO
Northern Cal Power t» 00 a 50
North Shore Railroad f> CO
Orpheum Company 15 25 .....
Pacific States Tel and Til 113 00
Parafflne Paint 33 00 .....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 00
Sanitary Reduction Works 2 75
Saurallto Land and Ferry Iff 00
Sperry Floor Company 27 50 3O OO
Standard Electric IS OO
Tesla Coal Company 30 00
Truckee Electric 15 QO
, Union Sugar 2260
, United Gas and Electric 34 60
! SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Homo 127'i
100 Abby Land 1 73
California Stock and Oil Excliange
NEW YORK. Oct. 3. — Th« metal market
showed no important feature to-day, business
being of a small Saturday average. Tha pig
Iron situation has not be«n Improved by the
attempts to secure a curtailment In produo
tlon and prices are nominally unchanged.
Tin -firm at $26 25026 95.
Copper nominal; lake and electrolytic, $135}
18 25; casting, $13.
Lead firm and unchanged.
Spelter quiet at $0.
New York Metal Market.
Colo & So 4s 83% Wabash lfits 114
Den & Rio G 4s. 0S^ Do deb B 66
Erie prior lien 4s. 9BM W & L Erie 4s.. 86
Do cen 4a h3 Vi Wis Cent 4s 89
F W & D C lsts.102% Colo Fu«l 5s 7«
Hock Val 4%s..lO6
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10, Little Chief 09
Alice 15 Ontario 4 60
Breece 10;Ophlr 1 60
Eruns Con 04 Phoenix " 07
Com Tunnel 06%!Potoel 23
Con Cal & Va... 1 20 Savage 25
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev 1 55
Iron Silver 1 70 Bmall Hopes 20
Leadville Con . . . . 02 Standard 1 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mpney — Mining —
Call loans 3 @4 Adventure 3%
Time loons 6%®6 AUoues 4%
Railroads — Amal Copper .... 41%
Atchlson 63% Btngham 22
Boston Sc Albany.245. Calumet & Hecla.430
Boston Elev 126 Centennial 16V£
NY, N H & H..194 Dom Coal 71%
Fitchburg Pfd 4 ..135% Franklin 1
Union Pad 71 lsls Royale OVi
Mex Central .... 11% Mohawk 89
Miscellaneous — Old Dominion ... 6%
Amer Sugar .111% Osceola 62%
Do pfd 117 Parrot 13
Amer Tel & Tel.. 127% Qulncy 80
Dom Iron AS 11 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Gen Electric 113 Tamarack 75
Mass Elect- pfd.. 77»/ Trinity 55
X'nited Fruit .... C4 Utah 23%
U S Steel 17% Victoria 3tt
Do pfd 64% Wlnona T
Westing Com ... 72 Wolverine 63
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
:ons for mone.y.88 18-16 New York C«sn 122
Sons for acct..88 15-16, Nor & West 60%
Inaconda 3%\ Do pfd.... »»%
Vtchison 65%! Ontario A West.. 22 U
Do pfd 91%' Pennsylvania .... 61%
Bait & Ohio 77% Band Mines 9
Canadian Pacific. 124H Readings 24%
Ches & Ohio 31$ Do 1st pfd 30
Chi Gt Western.. 16 h Do 2d pfd 32
C, M & St P 140U 3outhern Ry 19ft
DeBeers 17% Do pfd ••••»>
Denver & Rio G-. 2Ui 3outhern Pacific. 43%
Oo pfd 72 Union Pacific 73k
Erie 29^ Do pfd 88
Do 1st pfd «8% U S Steel 1T%
Do 2d pfd 48<i Do pfd es%
Illinois Central... 134% Wabash 20%
Louis & Nash... .101% Do pfd 33
Mis, Kan & Texas 1S%
Bar silver, "uncertain, 27 9-lCd per ounce.
Money, 2^2% per cent. The rate of discount in
the open market for short bills Is 3% per cent
and for three months' bills 3% per cent.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 50c®$l 25 per
sack or crate; Green -Peas, • 2@3o per lb;
String Beans, 202%o per lb: Wax, 2®2%c;
Lima Beans. 2©3c per lb; Tomatoes, 25<35Oc
per box; Summer Squash, SGSJJQc per box; Cab
bage, 60e per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cu
cumbers, 35(ff50c per box; Pickle Cucumbers,
3@3%c for No. 1 and l@2%c per lb for others;
Garlic. 2@3c per lb; Green Peppers, 30®40c per
box for Chile and 40®50c for Bell; Green Okra.
35@50c per box; Egg Plant. 30©50c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $10012 per ton.
POTATOES — Burbanks from th« river. 60^
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 80iJJ90c per ctl; River
Reds, SOigOOc per ctl; Sweet Potatoes Jobbing
at $1 40@>l 60 per ctl.
ONIONS — 60665c per ctl.
Potatoes continue to arrive freely ami tha
market had an easy tone, with supplies -of
low-srade stock fix-m the river steadily accu
mulating. Trading In fancy Salinas was fair,
but eppplles were sufficient for requirements.
Sweets were^oasy at previous prices. There
were no fresh arrivals from Merced, but re
ceipts from Stockton were liberal. Onions were
unchanged, with supplies excessive.
Receipts of nearly all descriptions of vege
tables were light, but sufficient to satisfy the
demand and prices had but slight variation.
Green Corn was In limited supply and sold
slowly at lower, prices. Tomatoes were abun
dant and easy. The canners were offering 25o
per box for soft stock, but were unable to pro
cui^ any great quantity at that figure. Hum
mer Squash was a little easier under liberal
receipts, while tb« other ¦ vegetables stood
about aa before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Press dispatches report sales of 1000 bales of
Oregon Hops on the 1st lnst. at 25c. It was
the largest sale of the season. The market
here continues active and firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. IWvy Salted
Steers, 9%c; medium, S*ic: light. Sc; Cow
Hides, Sc for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides, 15©15%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®
30c each; short wool. 40©5Oc each: medium, 70
Q90c; long wool. <l@l 60 each; Horse Hides,
¦alt, $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 Joe 1 medium.
$1 25©1 75 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium. $101 25 for small and AOc for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%e; dry salted
Mexican, 26c: dry Central American. 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth ROc; medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%04%c per lb;
No. 2. 4© Hie; crease. 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall elin — San Joaquin Lambs*. 9®
12c: Foothill, 10Q12c; Middle County. ll©13c.
Quotations' for spring clip ara as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18«20c; Nevada. 13
O15e: Valley Oregon, fine, 18<519c; do. medium.
17318c; do. coarse, 16®17c per lb.
HOPS — 22®26c p«r lb for California and '20
C25o for Oregon.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. Local bank clearings increase slightly ever last year.
¦ Xrzc York stock market easy en the day.
c Lncal stocks and bonds still quiet.
Silver and Exchange rates not materially changed.
Cash and future Wheat both somczvhat lower.
Barley futures higher. Oats, Com and Rye unchanged.
, Hay .advances, as predicted. Feedstuff s fery firm.
Beans and Seeds quiet, and the former zvcak.
Butter weak, Eggs steady and Cheese in excessive supply
Provisions none too firm throughout the West.
Hops very strong, iviih an active demand.
' Live and dressed Meats as previously quoted.
' Potatoes coming in freely and accumulating.
Onions in excessive supply. Vegetables featureless.
Poultry quiet, with retailers well supplied.
Fresh Fruits fairly active, with ample supplies.
Dried Fruits firm, with an upward tendency.
ST. JOSEPH. MO.. Oct. 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 804; steady.
HOGS— Receipts. 2900; steady. Light. $5 70
<E<$ 05; medium and heavy. $5 40-JJ5 95; bulk,
(5 4.V30.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 3— CATTLE— Receipts. 400.
Nominal. Good to prime steers. $5 25@6; poor
to medium, $3 50® 4 80; stockers and feeders,
$2 25@4 15; cows. $1 40©4 20; heifers, $204 75;
canners. $1 40@2 50; bulls, $2^)4 50; calves.
$3 50@7 40; Texas fed steers. $2 75@3 75; West
ern steers, $3@4 CO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 3000; Monday. 75.
000. Steady. Mixed and butchers'. $5 65®
6 15; rood to choice heavy, $5 65@6 15; rough
heavy. $5 25® 5 CO; light. $5 75@6 45; bulk of
sales. $5 60@6.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500. Sheep, steady;
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers $3 35
@4 25; fair to choice mixed. $2 25@3 25; West
ern sheep. $2 25<g>4; native lambs. $3 60@6 75;
Western lambs, $4 40@5 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
Eastern Livestock Market.
SUMMARY OF THE' MARKETS.
Mornlnz Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 156 00 >
10 Alaska Packers' Assn (b 3) 15tJ 00
75 Contra Costa Water 5i> OO
10 Hana Plantation Co 25c
$5CC0 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 107 25
$U>Ot» Oakland Transit Co Ba 120 60
15 S V Gas and Electric Co 60 00
$30<x> S P Cal first con 5s (stamped). . ..108 C0
80 Spring Valley Water Co 41 8Tj%
65 Spring Valley Water Works 84 Cu
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 155% l.irt [Oceanic S C. — TV*
Cal Fruit As. 94 97 Pac A F A. — " —
Cal Wine As. — »;*aPac C Borax. 167 170
SUGAR.
liana P Co.. 20c 2.V iKUauea S C. — —
Hawaiian C. O% 4?S Makawell C. 21 23
Honokaa S C M 13% Onomea S C. 31 —
Hutch S P C — 13 Paauhau S C 1UV* 17'*
POWDER.
Giant 64 6« Vlgorit 4*1
Oer SAL,.— _ Sav & L Soc 95 110
Hum S & U. — — Sec Sav Bk.4OO 500
Mutual Sav. — — i Union T Co, — —
fc F fcsav U..600 7C0 J
STREET RAILP.OADS.
California ..195 2C5 iPresidio — 41
Geary — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
BANK STOCKS
Am Nat Bk. — 127 L P & A... — 167%
Anglo-Cal .. — — 'Mer Trust .. — 250
Bank of Cal.473%485 iMerch Ex . . — —
Cal Sarc Dp. — — ,3 K Nation!. — "— ri
First Natlonl — — l
On the Produce Exchange, to-day the butter
market was dull and easy; creameries, 169
20%c; dairies. 14@19c; eggs, easy, i8@19c;
cheese. «teady. ll@ll%a .
There is no further change in* Beans. The
market rules quiet and more or. less weak,
with liberal receipts of the new crop.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60®2 $5; Pea. $3 25; But
ters, $3 35; small White, $3 10@3 35; iargo
White. $2 0CXQ2 75; Pink. $2 65@2 85; Red.
$2 90&3; Lima, $3 40<g>3 SO; Red Kidneys.
$4 20; Blackeye. $2 058-60 per ctl; Hors*
Beans, $1 40©l 60.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70® 1 80; Canary,
6@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
1%62%c; Timothy. 6@0%c; Hemp. 3V*@3Vic
per lb: Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $200
23 oer ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0(32 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
12 50; Stock. $10012; Alfalfa. $10 50912 p«r
ton. • /
STRAW— 40@00c per bale. • '
of part. to bold the prices for nearby delivery in
this market at a high price In their efforts to
market these commodities at a much lower
price to consumers. Most of the speculative
trade is in January and May."
CUBED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15Hc for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sugar-cured; ¦ Eastern sugar
cured Hams. ir»%$15*ic: California Mains. 15
615Uc; Mess Beef. $11 GO per bbl; vxtra Mesa,
$12(312 50; Family. $13Rt3 SO; prime Mcms
Pork. $19; extra clear. 825: Mess. $20; Dry
Baited Pork, 12%c; Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs* Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb. -
. LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%@lO%c for purs; half bar
rels, pure, 110m*c; lu-lb tins. lU4@ll%c;
S-lb tins. ll%c; S-lb tins, llftc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels. 9%c: one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
8J4c; flre tierces, 9%c per lb.
lard, per 100 lbs, $7 62%@7 65; short ribs sides
(loose), ?9@9 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$<5 C2%@6 75; short clear sides (boxed), $S 75
@9; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 23; clover,
contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 17,100 11,600
Wheat, bu 67,700 101,000
Cfcrn, bu 415.600 9S.100
Octs, bu ....184,400 160,000
Rye. bu 100,400 2.900
Barley, bu }2.70O 8.700
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
I |i H 4 0 I
ETATION. ~ «| «3 |§ ?~ I
•t cc 0 . t ¦ ~
• c c . • • a
• S3: : :
Baker W.OO M 40 SW Rain Tr.
Carson 30.08 64 22 W Clear .00
Kur^ka 64 m -~ m>
Farallon 30.16 fll £8 P Cloudy Tr.
Trr-ano W.OO 70 4H W Clear - -CO
Flagstaff so. C2 60 28 K Pt. Cldy .00
ln<5*-;*-ndf*nee .:;<>. <»4 CS 4C E Clear .00
I-oj. Angeles... "in. 04 76 r.2 W. Oear .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.19 Cl 40 SW, Cloudy Tr.
North Head... 29. M) 68 r.2 E Rain .28
Phoenix 29.88 78 60 SW Clear - .00
Pocatello 30.05 fjfl 42 KE Cloudy Tr.
Portland 23.92 SS 52 W Clear .02
Point Rpype.. .30.12 €1 r.2 K Cloudy .u0
Red Bluff 30.12 C8 M SE Cloudy .02
RcscbufSt 28.96 .. 00 .... ......
Articles— Open. High. Low. .Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 78% 78% 77% . 77%
May.... 79% 79% .78% 78^
Corn No. 2 —
October 44% 44% 44% 144%
December 45% 45% 44% 44%
May «V 4 ,45% 44% 44&
Oats No. 2—
October 36% 36% 85% 35%
December 36% 30% 85% 35%
May •• 37% 37% 36% 36?i
Meiss Pork, per bbl —
Octcber.. •"• 1120
January ... 12 50 12 60 '12 42% 12 45
May ...........12 53 12 60 12 45 12 60
Lard, per 100 lbs —
October .. 7 62% 7 62% 7 60 7 60
December ...... 6 82% 6 92% 6 85 6 83
January « 85 6 67% 6 82% 6 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 9 40 0 45 0 40 9 45
January 600 660 655 6 57%
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Kye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Com Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. ?4; Oat
Groats, $1 50; Hominy. $4©4 20; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls $7 25©8 60; In sacks, ft) 73©S 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 60(9
4 85 usua! terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 6004 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 0004 20 per bbl
for family and $3 0O@4 40 for Bakers 1 .
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
£& £?>
By order of Mrs. A. Larsrn I will sell at
auction. TUESDAY. Ott. B. 11 a. n.. at IW'J
Folsora St.. 1 span of Urge gray horses, t fa*t
pacer, 1 handsome brown more. «in;i also %
choice lot of horses, wagons, surreys, bugsiss
and, carts and 5o.sets of harness.
The Call's Cook Book prem-
ium offer will close on October
30, 1003, and all readers of this
paper who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order Im-
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low rate of
fifty cents per copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad-
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation charges.
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
40
REAL ESTATE-— CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON", BLDRIDGH A CO "
688 MARKET 8T.
AUCTION./ i
AUCTION^ \
___ , • - AUCTION.
TUESDAY ....• .October IS. 1008
;.> , At our salesrooms. 638 Market st.
_„ _ At 12 o'clock noon.
__HOLYROOD . HOTELS BUSH ST.
North line of Bush st.7l45 feet east of Tay-
lor; No. 820; lot 82:8x137:6; Improvements,
new hotel known as the Holyrood; built nine
months ago; contains 70 sunny rooms, billiard
and dining rooms, U bathrooms. 6-story brick
and frame bldg.; modern In every respect; elec-
trlo elevator; telephones in each room; rent
under secured lease, $450 per month; tenant
pays water bills., all repairs, etc.
* ¦ MISSION-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest corner. Mission and Mary sts.. bet.
» afQ eth ' run nlng through to Minna; lot
67:6x160 feet; Impts. four frame bldgs.; rents
$250 per month; could easily be Increased; 3
stores, hall for lodge purposes, dwellings; Mls-
slon-st. corners are scarce
SECOND-ST. MANUFACTURING SITB.
Northwest corner Second and Silver sts.; 70
ft. frontage on Second st by 90 ft deep, irreg-
ular; this property will double In value Inside
of a year, as Second et. Is destined to become
the principle street In this entire dlstrlot.
_ TO CLOSE- AN ESTATE.
.iT; •"*.»* of L^avenworth-st. 54 ft south of
Bills; 83:9 ft. through to rear street: lmpti.
consist of four 2-story dwellings; this prop-
erty to be sold to close the estate of Charolette
O. Graham.
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF HENRY CASANOVA.
South line of 27th st.. 80 ft. east of Noe;
large parcel of land. 150x114 ft; if this prop-
erty was subdivided Into building lots a hand-
some revenue could be realized,
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Southerly line of Pt Lobos ave. 107 ft
east of 9th ave.. being No. 1917; lot 25x100
it I a very fine cottage. 6 sunny rooms and
bath, high finished -basement stable in rear.
' __• CLAY-ST. PLATS.
.Booth line of Clay st, east of Baker | Noa.
8023, 8025: two - elegant . frame flats, 5 and 6
rooms- and bath; 1 rents very low at $58
month; building newly painted and In perfect
order; lot 27:6x85 feet.
MISSION. BUILDINO SITB.
„ West line of Mission st, 99 ft north of 14th,
thenoe 99x170 feet through, to Jessie st.. Irreg-
ular; this property is situated In a particular-
ly desirable block on Mission st.i fine location
for stores and apartment house. •
MISSION OOTTAGEJ— ALSO BLDO. LOTS.
Southwest comer Church and 21st sts.: lot
50:10x114 ft; Impts. oonslst of 6 rooms and oath
cottage; *ood plumbing, etc.
Also 4 desirable lots ready for building on
southerly line of 21st st.; 60:10 south of
Church st; 25:5^x114 feet
EJASTON. ELDRIDOB A CO.,
- . 638 Market st
EASTON. EX.DRIDGB A CO.,
¦ 638 MARKET ST.
.... (Established 1875.)
$36,000— Renti $3378 a year; 12 modern flats
of 4-5 r. and" porcelain b. ; also a fins
2-story residence of 9 r. and TJ.; all
rents could be Increased; lot 100x120 ft;
cement sidewalk; street bituminlzed;
close to 14th and Howard sts.
$20.000— O'Farrell st. close to Franklin; rents
$1,920 a year; 3 new flats of 8 r. and b. ; none
. better In the city, mortgage of $9000 can
remain.
$18,000 — Paclflo ave. and Franklin st; three
elegant new flats containing 8 r. and b..
porcelain tubs, electric lights, eta; key
lot; rents $162 60 a month.
$17,600 — Choice business • property on McAllls-
: , ter st. near Gough; 2 large stores, 2
flats! of 8 r. and b. above; rents ex-
tremely low for $1316 a year; this Is an
— established business portion of the
Western Addition with a grand future;
lot 85x100 ft
$18,000— Sutter et. near. Larkln; large lot, 27:6
xl20 feet; present improvements pay
y $720 per year.
$7,600— Rents $70 a month; two swell modern
flats ' of 6-7 r. and b. ; sunny side of
street on Page, near Flllmore St.
$0,500— Two new modern flats, j 4 r., porcelain
b.; also a ' large stable for 4 horses;
Turk \ st., near Steiner; cars pass the
door; rent $480.
$6,000 — Beautiful residence of 8 r. and b.,
brick foundation; rents $40 month; In
• fine residence portion of the Western Ad-
dition. ( close to California St.
$5,000 — Three new' bay-window flats of 4 r.
and b.. nine foot finished basement,
with gas,- concrete bulkhead and founda-
tion; rents $504 a year; 30 ft. frontage;
near Jones and Union sts.
$4,600 — Geary and Scott sts; substantial well-
built two-story residence of 7 r. and b. ;
new modern plumbing and very cheap.
$4.250— Church st, near 18th, opposite pro-
posed park; combortable cottage of 5 r.
and b.; beautirul lawn and trees; lot
60x105 feet .
$4,000 — Pays 12 per cent per annum; store
and flat above of 7 r. ; well built; steady
tenants; near 4th st.
$4,000 — Turk st, near Pierce; no better bar-
gain In the Western Addition; large lot.
27:6x120 ft; two frontages; Improve-
ments, two cottages; rents $360 a year;
this lot alone Is worth $4500.
$2,600— Store and flat above of 6 r. and b.;
large stable; cement sidewalk; street
bituminlzed; in the Mission; lot 26x100.
$2.600 — Rents $360 a year; could be raised- to
$400; four flats of 8 r.; nice condition; on
Harriet Et, backing Into 6th; lot 25x
76 feet.
$1,900 — Cozy home of 4 r., b., basement. In-
closed glass porch; Noe st electric cam
pass within one-half block; lot 30x115
ft; owner sacrifices this property on ac-
count of leaving the city.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
" C38 MARKET ST.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
WHAT IS TITLE INSURANCE? It is the
application of the principle of Insurance to all
risks connected with the purchase of real estate
and the loaning of money on • mortgage se-
curity. ¦ - .
WHAT IS THE EFFECT? The effect Is to
protect the Innocent purchaser or mortgagee
against all undiscovered liens. Judgments, mort-
gages, claims of title, suits and losses to the
extent for which the California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company policy Is given.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
r titles like modern plants of New York, Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates,
regular trust company business ¦ transacted
under State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. ! BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE, ¦ - .
Of . Balfour, - Guthrie & Co.
HENRY- L. DA VIS. -
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anglo-Call fornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY,
Olney & Olney, Atty's and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE,
Page, McCutchen A Knight, Atfys.
A. T. SPOTTS,
Mqx. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist, 530 California st.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery st.
BARGAIN ON VAN NESS AVE.!
Corner of Van Ness ave.. near Turk st; 118x
123; rents $4S0 a month; pays good Interest.
ANOTHER SACRIFICE!
$115.000 — Reduced from $135,000; Third st,
near Mission; ¦ 180 feet frontage; 8250 square
feet; only $12 a square foot; pays about 4 Vi per
cent ground rent; no leases.
PAYS 11 PER CENT NET!
$36,000— Only half cash; new building on
Post St., only. 5 minutes'., walk from Kearny.
FAST BECOMING BUSINESS. PROPERTY!
$26.000 — Downtown property on O'Farrell st;
new building; pays 7 per cent net, double bank
interest. ¦•!.;:. : -
PAYS $30 A MONTH. "
$3250— Store and flat on Eleventh st
PAYS $40 A MONTH.
$5750 — Nlnth-6t. business ' property.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. "V
¦'-*.' '¦-" 211 Montgomery st
SEEK a . home In the suburb ; of Frisco
And your earnings with sense will be spent;
Your wife and her* children will bless you
And rejoice In a home free from rent.
$50 will purchase "a lot for a home
With title all perfect and true, ;
In sight of .- ocean • with steamer and ship,
, Sailing over Its water so blue.
These lots must be sold at a sacrifice
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
$9500— RENTS $1008 A YEAR.
3^new. flats. • . . . ' :..:¦
Just being completed.
California st, near Lyon.
j These ; flats ,'are . the . best value 5 offered in
the' city. i They are very light,- eunny and up
to date In every particular.' See them to-day.
DAN EINSTEIN. Owner and Builder,
• . ,•¦' i .-.»¦-, 63 Chronicle Building.
- SPECIAL. . ~~
$4700 — Rent $47 a month; could bring more; 4
flats In . first-class condition; every room has
an abundance of, sun and 'light; 'close to Cth
st; lot 25x80 feef EASTON. ELDRIDGE
& CO..; 638 Market St. : : , ¦..-., ... y
FOR sale — House and . lot containing 3 ¦' flats of
. 6 • rooms i each ; ". modern r. improvements ; • cen-
trally located. • Address - box ' B,'* Call branch,
300 Hayes at. ¦ ¦-: ; .
i ........
RE AX E BTATj^CTTY-— FOR j; 1 [ALE.
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE ¦ A. CO.,'.
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$8,260— Sutter St.. . near Gough j house of 8
rooms and bath; rent $60; lot 25x110 ft
$2,200 — Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 60:6x105 feet; elegant
view of city.
$81.750— Fourth st. near Mission;- lot 23:10x
82:6 ft; renta nominal; should be im-
proved.
$1S, 000— Franklin st. near Broadway; 8 mod-
ern flats of 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $145 per month,
$3,250— Lake st. near Eighth ave.; lot 65x72
feet to publlo park. :
$35,000 — Fillmore and bacramento sts. ; transfer
point; maznlncent lot to improve; will
pay S Der cent net.
$9,000 — Income $900 gross per annum; 2 new
modern flats on sunny s!3o of Sacra-
mento st. ; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 feet
$8,250 — Central ave., near Paclflo ave.; ele-
gant, marine view; lot 40x90 ftet; ready
to build on.
$8,000 — New modern flats, close to Jackson
Et cable line; 6 and 8 rooms and bath
: each; rented very low for $57 SO; rents
should be increased; lot 25x110 feet
j $7,200— Presidio Heights residence; Locust st."
near Jackson; almost new; 2-story, base.
ment and attic; 7 rooms and bath and
basement; 3 bedrooms and also room for
servant; lot 25x112:6 feet-
$4,600— Presidio Heights residence lot; Clay
St., sunny side; marine vlow; near Lo-
cust St.: size .",0x127 :8'i feet.
$4,260 — Jackson st sunny side, near Baker;
lot 27:6x127:8% feet, or four lots at
same rate. . .
$35,000 — Mission et. corner: 1CU ft. fnnt; pays
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart-
ment house above; fine investment
$13,600 — Steiner St., near Ellis; 3 new Hats Just
finished, 0-3-7 rooms and bath ; rents
$32 60, $37 60, $37 60; total rents $107 69;
all leased for one year.
$18.300 — California st. near Lacuna; fine resi-
dence of 9 rooms and- bath; large lot,
84:4Uxl32 ft; house will Teadlly rent
for $100 per month.
$8,100 — Sutter st, near Devtsaderoi substan-
tial residence; stable; large lot: 63:3Vix
114 feet; or will sell 84:3x114 fctt for
$6800, ., • >
$80,000— 3-story and basement brick building.
Battery st; one tenant) leased five years
i at $175 monthly! pays 6 8-10 per cent
net; lot 40x94 feet
$17,000— Flllmore st. near McAllister: fine
modern flats. 7-8 rooms and bath each;
rents $127 60 per month; lot 25x87:9 ft
$6,000 — Webster st. near Clay; Jt-story bay-
window house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
20x90 feet to rear street.
$7,000— Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.;
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53; a pick-up.
Gat a cony ef our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO.,
Real Estate Arents,
218-220 Montgomery st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS I
$500 to $1200— Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean ' and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$60 to $250 — Near ocean and park— $5 monthly.
Oceanelde branch office on 49th ave. and K st
OPEN SUNDAYS.
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000— New lots In Sunset District.
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave., - near II st
$150 to $200— Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mission-st. electrlo cars— $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500 — 4. 6 and 6 room modern cot-
tages, Sunset Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains I
Easy terms.
SOL GETZ & SON, owners and dealers.
Room 64, Chronicle building.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,000 — Taylor st. investment, . near . Sutter:
lot 22:11x87:6; new building here would
pay well.
$8,500 — Fine house of ten' rooms and large
basement: Grove st, near Flllmore; N.
i side; good neighborhood.
$5,500 — Lot north side Post St., near Bu-
chanan; 25:10x90. . v"' j*
$8,000 only for 19 lots on Thirteenth ave. and
B st..' between Point Lobos ave. and
Park; must be sold as a whole; will
front on the* new park.
$5,100 — Lot on southwest corner Larkln and
Lombard sts.; 25x105; magnificent ma-
rine view from every window.
$3,000— Lot, Franklin, near Filbert; 63x100;
street sewered.
, $2, COO — Lot. Filbert, between Van - Ness ave.
and Franklin; 33:4x137:6; street sewered
and paved.
$4,000— Lot, Greenwich, between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin; 66:8x137:6.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO..
Real Estate. Room 2, 7th floor. Mills Bid?.
$6,000— College Heights; lot 37:6 front; mod-
ern residence, 7 rooms, bath, etc.; stable,
carriage house, poultry yard, garden; a
charming home.
$7,000— Lake Bt.. near Third ave.: lot 30x100;
2 up-to-date flats of 6 and 7 rooms; an-
nual rent $750; a fine investment.
$3,100— Welsh st. near 4th; lot 20x80; 6 flats:
rents $4 to $10; total annual, rentals
$444; water for all. only $2 40.
$14,000 — Market st, corner Castro; large lot; a
splendid locality for flats, which would
rent promptly and pay handsomely.
$15,000— Presidio Heights; modern colonial
/ ¦¦¦-. . residence, 10 rooms, bath, etc; north
side of street; fine neighborhood; fur-
nace. •
$16,000— rrcsldio Heights corner; residence of
12' rooms, '2 baths and toilets; furnace.
Ross Valley — Splendid lots In Ross Valley
Park; mostly all Bold; a few left; will
open up adjoining tract this fall In lots
and acreage; lots wooded or open; level
or hillside'; can suit all classes of desir-
able people.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG 4 CO.
ASHTON A GARDINER,
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE,
411 MONTGOMERY- ST..
TELEPHONE MAIN 943. '
Downtown properties to be sold ta close estate.
Offers wanted.
Geary st. near Powell — A magnificent proper-
ty; 37:6x137:6; a grand site for bulldlngr
across the street from St Francis Hotel.
Main st., near Mission — In the heart of manu-
facturing district where values are rapidly
advancing; lot 45:10x137:6; Improved with
3-story brick building.
Washington St., near East — Lot 20x60; 8- story
frame, building; improvements coming this
¦way rapidly.
North corner Ninth and Bryant sts.; lot 50x85
ft. partly Improved; a very. good corner.
Southwest cor. Dupont and Union sts.; lots 30
x65 ft; improvements consists of S-story
building; excellent business corner.
Northwest corner Halght • and Flllmore sts. ;
137:6x150:6; magnificent site for store and
flats.
$10,000-^-Flfteenth st. near Church: 8 new
flats: renting for $1050 per annum; an
excellent proposition. -.-*..•¦¦.
$6,230— Oak st. rear Webster; 2 fine flats:
renting low for $47 50 per month; $2500
bank mortgage can stand.
Choice building lots In all parts of the
Mission and Western Addition. .
$1400 — MODERN cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
city water; lot 60x100; $150 cash, $25 month.
$400— Lot 40x135: near electric cars.
$450— Cabin, 1 room; lot 32x125;, near station.
$350 — Lot 40x100; fenced; -$10 month.
$1200 — House, 5 rooms;, barn; well; mac-
adam. •
$2000 — Two-story house, etore and 11 rooms ;
city water and well: broad street; macadam-
ized. :~ , ,
$1500^ — 5-raom cottage; redwood finish; elec-
tric lights; hot and cold water: easy payments.
$2500— A natural park of about 1 acre, with
fine oak trees, ravine and superb views; near
university "grounds and new hotel site. -
$2500 — Two-story 9-room house; barn, chick-
en sheds, well, fruit trees; grazing land ad-
Joining; lot 155x207; .easy payments.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, .1056 University ave.,
near San Pablo ave.. West. Berkeley.
$15,0d0 — AN 'elegant, modern, residence, hard-
; wood finish and floors, reception hall, dining
;and breakfast rooms, billiard room, all mod-
:ern' conveniences; furnace; two bathrooms •
large closets;. Steiner st, near Vallejo; com-
manding beautiful and unobstructed view of
. the Golden Gate and harbor.
„• Also have under construction 10 modern
houses in different parts of • city, " which will
sell at moderate prices, : and within reach of
all. . For further : particulars and rates ap-
ply at office, 20 Montgomery st., room 8. S
:- A. r BORN, owner and builder.
BANK foreclosure property— Ten flats on Bry-
ant 1st; pays 13^ per cent on investment'
: $8500; building almost new. modern. -- '
W.- N. RUSSELL.
301 California - at., San . Francisco. Cal.
LOBOS st.. Ocean View, -* 4-room cottage- lot
50x125; $950 — $100 cash,* balance $10 2o"mo
v Lobos St.. Ocean View. , 4-room . cottaee-
- lot 25x125; $850— $100 cash, balance $9^S O *
-.: I W. N.. RUSSELL.
301 California st. San Francisco. Cal.
$250 DOWN; and $25 per month; new cottaee
. - 5 r. & b.; lot 30x150. Cottage, 4 r. & b for
$2100; 27th st;: sunny cottage.. 5 r. & b • 2Sth-
$1800— It will pay you to " look at these 'snaos'
' D. COFFIN & CO.." 3303 Mission st. '
REAL , ESTATE— CITY— FOB. «A1E;
ram * hoao. M(WTOOM3CBT st.
8end fer our monthly price UsTof properties
for sale; complete list \
TWO GOOD FLATS.
$4.800— Rent $47 50; lot 26x100; brand new
flats: splendidly located In best part or
Richmond district: contain 4 and 5 rooms
and bath each; modern and complete in
every respect. _„.
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$10,000— Rents $92 50; 8 new flats; mc £'- rn , l^
every respect; command a splendid v>ew
of main drive in park: an excellent rent-
Ing locality. *
A BARGAIN ON SCOTT ST.
$8,700— Two bay-window flats. 5 and B rooms
and -bath, with driveway t» stable la
rear: rents $52 50; clo«e to theiwrS.
INVESTMENT PAYING 10 PER CStfT.
$11.000— Rent $95; 3 fine bay-window flats on
the sunny side of Page St.. close to the
park: lot 25x100.
A GOOD BUY ON TURK ST.
$48.000— A big lot on Turk st. east of Larkin:
, contains over 6300 square- f net : has
double frontage: Improvements all rented.
NEW FLATS NEAR THE PARK.
$9,000— Two brand new flats, containing six
rooms and bath; extra room in basement:
exceptionally well finished; rents $72 50;
a mortgage of $3000 can remain.
$26.000— A good buy on Golden Gate ave.; two
blocks from Market st; lot 50x67; good
Improvements. f
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.
$3,600 — Rent $35; corner Florida st. near Sev-
enteenth; 2-story building, with store
and flat above of 4 rooms, bath, etc.;
this is s> fine business corner and ttw
price makes it a bargain.
A 6OUTH OF MARKET SNAP.
$5,250 R«nt $47; 2 front houses. 6 rooms each:
2 rear houses, 4 rpoms each; lot 27:6x112.
143,300 — Bi«r lot on O«ary st. east of Leaven-
worth; contains over B1C0 souare feet;
substantial Improvements on part of lot:
rents $170; could be Increased materially
If balance ef land is improved.
130lOOO— R*nt $207 60; can be raised materially:
McAllister st, not far from, Van Ness
ave.: splendid improvements; great bis
lot more than 60x130.
IU.0C0— Rent $118; two 8-story building* on
•^"vallejo stj rood Cats; all rented: lot
•8.B00^irove S 'st.« lot 20*129 to rear street:
improvemenls, 2 fl***. **t«y residence:
$e.B0r£Flne l ntw 2-story houseof T rooms and
bath; newly bullts on Cmstro st. near
24th; good location; rood house.
LTON A HOAO.
118 Montgomery St.
U " 'O^gaZTor** CKNT CASH.
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Splendid lots in the tract right at the station
ef Mill Valley: streets graded; water mains
laid- over 90 lots sold within the past 6 months:
many attractive homes have been built; ne*
electrto road is a great success and will un-
doubtedly increase land values; agent on tn«
ground Sundays^ tt .
H f^flea A ut^rna J w^flat. ef 4 «*•"»•£
bath: built by day's labor: situated to theMls-
•lon warm belt and fronting on car line; rented
Jw$47 60 per month: this is an exceptional op-
portunity to secure a nice home and have in-
come In addition.
Price $5600: large mortgage ean remain.
LYON A HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
Real Estate* Agents and Auctioneers,
133 Montgomery st
AT AUCTION.
TO-MORROW.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
The Following Propertlee to B<» Offered at Auc-
tion at My Office TO-MORROW (MON-
DAY). Oct. 6. at 12 O'clock.
027 UNION ST., NR. MASOX
Fine modern 2-etory resldenoe of 10 rooms
and bath; lot 25x120 to an alley; could be con-
verted into 3 flats at a small outlay.
1321 CLAY ST., NR. LEA VEX WORTH.
Handsome 2-story bay-window residence ef
9 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x114 to a rear
street; mortgage of $4000 can remain If de-
sired.
371-3 HAIGHT ST., NR. WEBSrEB.
Three-story building, arranged in 2 flats oi
6 and 10 rocms and bath each, renting for $75
per month; lot 25x120 to rear street; $5000
mortgage can remain if desired.
60« GUERRERO ST.. ML 18TH.
Fine 2-story bay-window residence ef S
rooms and bath; large sunny lot 35x100; mort-
gage of $3000 can remain if desired.
HOWARD A 21ST 8T. BUSINESS CORNER.
Store and Cats; renta $100 per month; see
catalogue for further particulars.
ALSO
Three flats, 2503 Howard it; particulars from
catalogue.
ALSO
2507 Howard st; 2- story residence ef 10
rooms; particulars from catalogue.
ALSO
Cottage. 738 Shotwell st; 6 rooms and bath;
lot 24x122 :<J; easy terms.
ALSO
736 Ehotwoll st. : cottage 8 rooms and bath; lot
27:6x122:6; easy terms if desired.
ALSO
732-4 Shot well st: two 2-story houses of 1
rooms and bath each; rents $53; lot 88:6x122:6;
mortgage of $3500 can remain If desired.
ALSO
2740-42 Filbert st. nr. Brodertck; 2 handsome
modern flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath each,
renting for $53 per month; lot 25x107:6; mort-
gage of $3000 can remain if desired.
ALSO
Three choice building lots on Army st, nr.
Church; 25 or 30x114 ft; easy terms If desired.
Further particulars in catalogue. Apply at
this office.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Auctioneer.
13S Montgomery st
I also publish a monthly catalogue giving
particulars of all classes of property for sale
In all parts of the city. Send for one.
$3750— CALL to-day and see my two elegant
new tt-room houses; porcelain bath, tiled.
very high basement; could be converted Into
4 rooms; cement sidewalk; sewered; few steps
from cars; must be seen to be appreciated:
25 and 27 Brazil ave.: take red Mlssion-st.
car. E. LEWIS. 630 Market st
$11,600; RENT $1200 per year: not yet com-
pleted, but rented; 3 marine-view flats; north
side Union st, east of Webster; every room
Is and will be sunny; every possible latest
improvement. Apply on premises after 2 p. m.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences cf
6 rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to>
date In every particular; Nos. 96<l and 96S
Clayton st. near Golden Gate Park: pries
J510O and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS, 114 Montgomery st
CHEAPEST" and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for U,
postage paid.
SAX MATEO HEAL ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOMES
AT SAN MATEO PARK.
SAN MATEO.
Eeautlful home lots, averaging about 1 acre
each, in San Mateo Park, the finest suburban
residence property near San Francisco; this
property, the famous Clark Tract held for over
42 years by the same owners, recently subdi-
vided into cottage, bungalow and villa home
sites with wide and winding avenues; bor-
dered with thousands of costly shade trees
and comprising the most desirable of all the
eligible home sites rn beautiful San Mateo.
Suburban electrto trains now running every
20 minutes from San Francisco for San Mateo
These villa lots will be sold on terms of one-
third cash, balance in one and two years.
For maps, catalogues and full particulars
apply to or address BALDWIN A HOWELL.
Real Estate Agents 25 Post st. S. F.. or
FRANK S GRUMMON. San Mateo.
San Mateo office open Sundays.
BURLtNOAMB.
Best suburban home near San Francisco; no>
ferry; electric railroad notr running; lots and
residences for sale. W» can sell good 4ots as
low as $500 each. W» will be glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
TO INVESTORS.
We have several large tracts suitable far
subdivision. We Invite lnssection.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco. Resident
Agent. S. G. GOODHUE. Western Union Tel-
egraph Bulldins. San Mateo.
MEXDOCIXO COUXTY REAL ESTATE.
MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Great railroad and other developments golnx
bn there.
Now Is the time to Invest.
We have for sale near Wlllita 1973 acres of
choice improved farming, fruit grazing and
timber land, which we can sell as a whole
at the cheap price of $15 per acre; would
also sell in subdivisions.
McAFEE BROTHERS
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
POiyr RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots -and bargains; all tract*-
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid?.*
- ... TIMBliir Z.AJJTD3. ~~~
• ' 640 ACRES.
Madera County official report saya, )•,,,¦<.
timbered, easy of access; only $T^Der aeil
JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent. 430 Monu
gomery St.. San Francisco Cal. aaont-
REAL ESTATE — CITY—FOR 8ATB.
DAVIDSON A LEIGH, Real Estate Agents.
219 Montgomery st.. Opp. Mills Building.
FOR SrtLC'CH&AP /
{jj C.HOiCB autLOir/O LjOTS V
JJ o#a block rtJiRtts-r H
U>
#ao
0 O
ft K
m b ox
r . ? ?
GfouCN ¦ &T
$3,600—3 excellent flata. 4-5 rooms and bath;
heavy brick foundation, all newly
painted and papered: thoroughly reno-
vated inside and out; fine view; situated
Nineteenth st. near the new Mission
Park: lot 25x114 ; rents $380 per year;
$1800 cash, balance, bank mortgage,
can remain at 6 per cent
$4,350—2 good flats, 4-5 rooms, baths; lot
, 29x100; Alabama, near Twenty-fourth.
$8,600—2 fiat bay window fiats, 6 rooms and
--..¦¦ bath each In Al condition: rents $360
per rear; can be raised: will pay 12 per
cent net; Pond st. near Sixteenth.
$5,025—3 Al flats,' 0 and 4 rooms and baths;
every room light and sunny; lot 25x100:
Sanches st, near Sixteenth; bituminous
street cement walk.
PACIFIC HEIGHT FLATS,
Only $14,600. Rents $1350 per year.
2 elegant flats, 0 rooms and baths; finished
basement; completed 4 months; bulk for
owner's use and cost $16,000; nothing
flner In the city; positively must be sold
this week.
$9,800— Preeidio Heichts; 3 beautlfU new
. u i 8 * Md 8 rooms and baths: key
lot 25x137:6; every room light and
sunny; rents $950 per year; can be
raised; bank mortgage $4000 can remain;
situated Walnut st. near Clay.
. SPECIALS.
.. . ~~ ONLY $1500 CASH.
$15,000 — 3 beautiful modern Cats Just eom-
Dleted: 6 rooms and batb each; all the
very latest Improvements; marine view;
lot 25x100; $1600 cash payment balance
mortgage at 6 per cent; situated north
side Union st. near Webster.
Improved and unimproved properties In all
f?J5?.s. f l he clty - Ea§v termi - Ca » tor »» c -
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery st.
C. M. WOOSTER CO
C. M. WOOSTER CO I
C. M. WOOSTER CO
., .«« O* 8 Market street
$I,S00 — Modern cottage 6 rooms and bath:
near 19th and Castro; lot 25x123; easy
terms; best buy in the city.
$110,000— Under lease for 6 years; rents $9600
per annum; new modern hotel of 115
rooms; near Sutter and Taylor sts.; this
Is a brick building put up under the
supervision of one of our best archi-
tects and was not built to sell; lot
&4xl37:C
$2,000 — Make offer; handsome building lot on
Fillmore st, near Union- 25x100.
$75,000— Grand Market-st. corner, near Van
Ness ave.; lot 75x124; 8 frontages.
$9,000—3 new flats on Post st; well built;
all the - latest, new. modern, artlstlo
Ideas: rents very low at $1038: lot
25x137:6.
$65.000 — North side of Golden Gate ave.. with.
In 2 blocks of Market st; 68:9x137:6.
$20,500 — 6 modern, up-to-date flata; artisti-
cally planned and finished; well built:
on a Masonic-ave. northwest corner;
grand lot. 86x118:9; only partially Im-
proved; present extremely low rents pay
$2040.
$51,000— Northwest corner on Polk at. near
Sutter; 67:6x120; three frontages.
$7,000 — Handsome 2-story residence of T
rooms and bath; on Laguna at. near
Ellis.
$12.000 — An estate Is very anxious to sell: 3-
story building In good condition; near
Second and Howard; which Is rented
low for $123tt per annum: lot 50x80.
$6,750 — Handsome modern 2-story bay-win-
dow residence. 7 rooms and bath; on
Octavla st, near Broadway; lot 25x
137:6.
$50,000—34:6x120 to rear street; 46 foot front
on rear street: 200 feet from Sutter and
Kearny sts.; downtown; retail business
property; wonderful Daixaln; heavy
mortgage can be secured.
SPECIAL.
Two fine flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; modern
., • and up to date In ail details; decided
bargain at $6250: rents $720. See It
this afternoon. 1S00 Steiner st, near
Bush. <
$13,500 — 3 of the handsomest new modern flats
In the city; on Franklin st; rents
$1920.
$10,000 — 3 new flats on Waller at; rents low;
unfurnished $996; furniture and car-
pets of one flat Included.
$l,S0O — $300 cash, balance very easy; mod-
ern well-built cottage. 4 rooms, bath,
etc.; In Al condition; near 29th and
Sanchez: lot 25x114; price $1800.
$3,000— Langton st. near Howard; 2 well-
built houses of 5 rooms each; brick
foundation; rents $336.
$8,000—3 new modern flats; rents $970 per
annum; best part of the Mission; lot
26x100.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st.
THOS. J. STANTON & CO..
417*4 PINE ST., ROOMS 2 AND 3.
$30,000— Stockton-st. business property; 2 lots;
large stores and 3-story hotel up.
$23,500 — Kourth-st business property; Improve-
ments as good as new; stores and flats
up: large front. ¦
$16,000 — Western Addition business property; 2
lots and 3-story buildings of stores and
flats.
'¦ $10,250 — Business property; large store and 2
large flats of 6 and 7 rooms up.
$7,750— New 3-story building of 3 fine sunny
flats of 5, 5 and 5 rooms and bath each;
near 14th and Market sts. ; big snap.
$7,850—3 very choice flats on Post st, and
large lot: must be sold.
$5,000 — 2 nice Iirge flats in the Western Ad-
dition, -and large lot; a snap.
$6.000 — Throe large. Hats south of Market st
of 8 rooms each; downtown property.
$4,15O^-Buslness property on Pacific st; this
Is a good Investment; has 28 rooms.
$4,850 — A choice and sightly residence, near
¦ Halght and Devlsadero sts.
$2,250— A large cottage of 7 rooms and bath
and large lot,' near Market st ; a snap.
$3,150 — Two flats near Nineteenth and Castro;
these are a, snap; have a mortgage of
$1100.
$2,250 — A nice 6-room house and 2 large lota.
C4xl25. and front on 2 streets; 2 blocks
from Market et. ; this Is a snap.
FOR SALE BY THOS. J. 8TANTON A CO..
417ft- PINE ST.. ROOM3 2 AND 3.
THORNE— ON— BUSH.
THORNE & CO..
312 Bush St.
EXTRAORDINARY TERMS.
12 cottages In different parts of Mission; must !
be sold at once' to close estate; only $100 to $200
down, balance same as rent; prices 81600 to
$2800; chance of a lifetime.
SPECIAL.
Must be sold this week.
Tenements south of Market, between Third
and Fourth.
Income $72 per month; make offer
$15,000— Powell st.. near Broadway; stores and
lodging houses; rents $137.
$13,000 — Jackson st., near Mason, to rear street-
5 flats; rents $115.
$11.000— Income property south of Market st;
pays \0U, per cent net after deducting
all expenses.
$8,000— Devlsadero st, near O'Farrell; 2 flats
. «/v 4 antJ 5 r°°ms and bath; rents $70. ¦ , ' - 1
$4, •00— Vallejo st; modern 2-story. 7-room
: house; magnificent unobstructed marine
view. •
Building lots north of the park from $350 up.
Building lots In all parts of the city.
THORNE & CO..
312 Bush st.
WE know that we can suit you in lots, for we
own them In all parts of the city; we can
suit you In prices, as we are satisfied wtth
small profits; we can suit you in terms, as
we want to give you a chance to obtain a
home. Now, what reasons can you possibly
have to delay? We can show you a way to
pay for this home with your present rent
money in ten years. Call on us; we will give
you a square deal and give you references.
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.. 618 Sacramento
st., near Montgomery.
NEAT cottage with modern ' Improvements;
terms same as paying. rent' Apply owner.'
Lumber yard, S. E. corner Alabama and
Montcaim sts.
$2100 — C-ROOM house with stable of 4 stalls
and -large hay loft; part cash if necessary -
Mission. Box 1678. Call office.
$11,000— FOR sale. SE. cor. O'Farrell and Hol-
lis, 25x00, with improvements. Inquire 1511
CFarrellst ¦
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
REAIj ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
G. K. UKBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery et
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Of investment, residence and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom MONDAY,
October 12. 1803, at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREJ3 3ALB.
No. 779 Bush st. bet Powell 'and Mason
sts.; Improvements oonslst of two-story and
basement building of 13 rooms and bath; rents
$70 per month; tenant pays water; lot 22x84;
subject to confirmation by the Superior Court.
W. K. VAN ALEN ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Noa. 912-14 Pine et., bet Mason and Taylor
sts.: Improvements consist of a substantial
dwellings of 14-22 rooms and bath each; rents
(13S per month; an excellent location for an
apartnie&t house or hotel; lot 55x155; subject
to confirmation by the Superior Court
ELLEN GALLAGHER ESTATE. # •
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
No. 405 Gough st and No. 3H Ivy ave., bet.
Hayes and Fell sts>; Improvements oonslst of
two houses of 7-10 rooms and bath each and
cottage of 4 rooms: all In good order and
steadily rented for $900 per annum; lot 30x75;
subject to confirmation by the Superior Court
NINTH-STREET CORNER.
NB. cor. of Ninth and Tehama sts., bet.
Howard and Folsom sts.; choice building lot,
25x60; this comer Is admirably situated on one |
of the ootnl&g business streets and a short dis-
tance from Market Hayes and Larkln ets.
CHOICE- MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 8681-8 Twenty-fourth st. nr. Dolores: 3
modem, well-built flats of 4-5 rooms and bath.
each* rents low, $33 per month; lot 25x100.
CHOICE MISSION INVESTMENT.
Nos. 134-8 Fourteenth St., N. line, nr. How-
ard; good substantial Improvements, oonslst of
4 front flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each and 3
flats of 4 rooms and batb each In rear court:
rents $108 per month; all In perfect order and
steadily rented; lot 8Sxl56.
PARTITION SALE.
NE. cor. of Twelfth and Harrison sts.j on*
Improved lot. 60x100.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Ncs. 66-8 Rtusch st. and No. 668 Clementina
St., bet Howard and FoUom, Seventh and
Btrhth] Improvement* consist of B flat* of 5-9
rocms and bath each and 8 tenements of 4-5
rooms each; rents $68 CO per month; 25x111:6.
with L £5x82; two frontage*.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
No. 3241 Mission st. & line, close to the
Junction of Mission and Valencia; Improve-
ments consist of cotatg* of 6 rooms and bath;
lot 4SxS0.
MISSION HOME.
No. 1004 Sanchez st, bet Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; a eplendld two-story bay-
window dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; lot
25x100.
CHOICE] MISSION HOLDINGS.
Twenty-fourth st. N. line, bet Valencia and
Mission; 4 choice building lots, 27:6 and 85x75;
two corners.
ALSO
No. 238 Bartlett st, nr. Twenty-fourth; Im-
provements consist of a two-story frame dwell-
ing of 10 rooms and bath, arranged and rented
as two flats; rents $42 per month; lot 36x117:6;
two frontages.
McMAHON ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
The following two lots must be sold to close
the above estate:
No. 1.
Central ave., E. line, be T Clay and Wash-
ington sts.; unimproved lot, 80x100.
No. 2.
Clay st. N. line, bet Lyon and Central ave.j
unimproved lot 25x90; subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court
For catalogue and further particulars apply,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$42,500 — Rents $25&0 per annum; corner on Lar-
kln St.; 2 stores and uppers of 20 and 14
rooms; 50x75.
$25,000— Fourth st; 2 stores and 4 flats of 7
rooms each; rents $152 60; bay windows,
brick foundations, etc.; 50x75.
$20.000 — Corner on Fourth St.; 3 stores and 3
fiats: rents $122; brick foundation; 55x
80; to close an estate.
$16.500 — Business corner on Third Bt. ; old Im-
provements renting for $600 per annum.
$15,000— Fine corner near Market st ; improve-
ments nearly new; In store, flat and cot-
tare; rents $117 per month; large lot.
: $lS,000— Paclfic-ave. residence of 12 rooms,
basement and attic; marine view; mort-
gage cf $9000 can remain; 27:6xl27:S',i.
: $11.000 — Rents $10S0 per annum; Folsom-st.
business property; store and 2 flats; 25
xSO.
$9. COO — Bush st; north line; 3 flats. 7, 7 and
6 rooms and bath each; rents $68 50; bay
windows, brick foundation, etc.; 27:6
xl37:6.
$9,500— Halght st; S Cats, 0, 5, and D rooms
and bath; rents $65 50; bay windows,
brick foundation, etc.; 25x137:6.
$9,000— Walter st, near Market and Four-
teenth: 3 flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
very new and modern; rents $82 50; bay
windows, etc.; 2SxSS.
$8.0C0 — Northwest corner Waller and Btelner
Bts.; 50x106:3.
$7,000 — Oak Et. and Lily ave.; 2 flats on Oak
st of 5 and 4 rooms and bath; double
cottage on Lily ave. of 8 rooms each;
rents tC2 60; bay windows, brick foun-
dation, etc.. In flats; 25x120.
$7,000 — Mortgage of $4000 can remain; Mis-
sion warm belt; eubstantlal residence of
10 rooms and bath, etc; lot 50x133 irreg-
ular.
$5,750 — Near Valencia and Fourteenth sts.; 4 |
flats of 6 and 3 rooms and bath each;
bay windows, brick foundations, etc.;
rents $55; 25x70.
$5,200 — Corner near Fifth and Harrison sts.;
v.ell improved; rents for $37 60 per
month.
$3.250— Pacific «t.; store and flats; rents $25;
20xC0 to rear street.
I $2,500— Eighteenth st ; Mission warm belt;
cottage of 5 rooms; 25x114.
$2,250 — York St.; 2 flats of 3 rooms each; renta
$20; 2SxlC0.
$1.600 — 19 Hattie St.. east line, 175 feet north
of Eighteenth; cottage of 4 rooms; bay
¦windows, etc.; part payments; 25x100.
$l.J00— Fair Oaks st; building lot; 25x125.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properti"? for eale in all parts of the city.
! inquire at our office
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st;
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE 6unny building lots; close to Du-
boce Park: bituminlzed ptreets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
city Et a very reasonable price; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our office
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
BOVEE. TOY & CO..
,,_ „ REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
l,i mery ., s^ °PP' Occidental Hotel.
$12,500— Rents $105 per month: In vicinity of
Leaven worth and Sacramento sts; three
elegant flats, built but 1 year; 6 and 7
rooms and bath t-ach; everything strict-
ly up to date; marble steps, electricity
throughout; good eubstantlal brick foun-
dation.
$8,000 — Rents $S10 per annum; Frederick st
north side, close to Park Panhandle;
sun in every room; 2 modern fiats of 7
rooms and bath; lot 23x100 feet
$4,000 — Tehama st.. near Fourth; this' proper-
ty backs up to Howard-st. property lot
25x75 feet; Impts.- consist of 4 flats;
rents $36 per month; could be made to
pay $42 Der month; has good future.
$C00 per annum Income; 2 strictly up-to-
date flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each: lot 30x125 feet: Greenwich Bt
near Broderick; price $5250
$10,000— Rents $900 per annum; Larklmst,
close to Sutter; key lot; 2 elegant flats
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; lot
27:6x87:6 feet.
$6,700 — Rents $60 per month; Sacramento st ,
Presidio Heights, Just Being finished; 2
beautiful flats of 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x100 feet.
$18,600 — California St., close to Devlsadero: 2
now flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath
*-ach; Just being completed; everything
strictly up to date; lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
$4,500 — Mission warm belt; residence of 8
rooms and bath, close to Mission and
Valencia st. car lines; street bitumin-
lzed; cement sidewalk; In best of con-
dition.
$11,600 — Rents $102 60 per month, north side
of street: close to Park Panhandle; three
modern flats of 0 and 7 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x106:3 feet; every room light
and sunny.
$6,500 — Webster st. near O'Farrell; 2' good
flats of 5 rooms and bath; rents $52 60
per month; lot 25x87:6 feet.
$15,500 — Sutter Bt, near Buchanan; 4 flats of
6 and C rooms and bath; best buy on
Sutter st.; lot 50x137:6 feet.
Further particulars of •
BOVEE. TOY & CO.,
117 Montgomery st
$15,0XX> — AN elegant modern resldene; hard-
wood finish and floors; reception hall, din-
ing and breakfast rooms; billiard-room; all
modern conveniences; laundry, wlneroom and
eervants' quarters; furnace: two bathrooms;
large closets; Steiner Bt.. near Vallejo, com-
manding beautiful and unobstructed view of
the Golden Gate and harbor.
Also have under construction 10 modern
bouses In different parts of city, which will
sell at moderate prices, and within reach of
all.
For particulars and rates apply at office,
20 Montgomery st, room 8. 1
S. A. BORN. Owner fcnd Builder.
OWN A LOT
\ IN THE CITY OF RICHMOND.
The California terminus of the Santa Fe
Railroad and Standard OH Company i:« at
City of Richmond, Just across the bay from
Ban Francisco, where these corporations to-
gether with Southern Pacific Railroad are
spending millions of dollars, which will make
Jt the greatest manufacturing city on the
Pacific Coast
$5 per month.
A good way to save and make money; maps
free. Address RICHMOND LAND COM-
PANY, Crocker building, San' Francisco.
HOUSE, 7 large Eunny rooms and finished base-
ment; everything up to date; tinted and deco-
rated; terms to suit See owner,* 1320 Castro
st, near Twenty-fourth,
i AX FRAJTCISOO . OAXJU
BUSINESS OFFICE ef the Baa Frtnolsoo
CaU. corner Market and Third streets: opea
untU 11 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
cc.-c.er Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Bayes street: open until 9:50 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:80 p. ra.
CIS Larkln street; ocen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22Q. Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
catll 0 d. ca.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
:C58 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast oomer Church and Duncan streets;
<-pea until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
ICest&cky streets; open until 9 p. ra.
2200 FUlmore street; open until 9 p. m.
f.BAt. ESTATE— CITY— ~FOR. SALB.
CPECK & CO.
667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KETAPJfY.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT
COLLECTORS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
U PER CENT NET INVESTMENT.
$150,000— Modern 6-story brick building; leased
$1145 per month; aanumlng mortgage
$75,000, Investment pays 11 per cent
net; lot CDxlS7:6; will take part ex-
change: want offer.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
(50.000— Annual rents $5172; beautiful modern
building; lot 87xS5; pays over 10 per
cert; rents $431.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$30,000—187 : 6x137 : 6 ; substantial Improve-
ments; Insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at 6% per cent can remalni
pays 8 per cent net
EECOND-ST. CORNER.
$491000— One and a half blocks from Market
at ; 47 feet front: cheapest down town
corner to be had near Market it; a
chance to make a turn at good ad*
vane*.
CHANCT FOS SFECUXATOBS.
HaOOO— Lot £2x275: S froatagec; 106 rooms;
rents $350; i tenant; can be easily
leased at $400.
GOLDEN GATD AVH
$23,600— Golden Get*, near Van Ness ave.t
42x120; 2 frontages; rants $144; rents
can be Increased to $170; fine site for
apartment bouse.
r:s,BOO— Vicinity Halgbt and Eeott; 68:9x
137:6: fine Improvements; rents $140 a
month.
GOLDEN GATE PARK FLATS.
SIS. 000— Lot 60x137:6; fine, substantial flats;
facing Gclden Gate Park; rents $180;
i~*r\ be Increased.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$17,600 — Business corner; stores, basement and
floor above; rents $163; paya U per
C OCTAVTA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$17X00— Choice location; 14 rooms and baths;
8 bedroon*; lot 33x137:6 feet
$16,500 — Yearly rents $1770; S modem flats;
Post St.; 2 front&g-eB.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500 — CFarrell tt., east of Van Ness; pays
10 rer cent net by assuming $9000
bask mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120
feet; 2 frontages.
WAEHIXGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
$15.000 — Modern 12-room residence; marina
view; building alone cost more than
price asked; lot 40x128 feet
PINE-ST. CORNER.
$12.500 — Ecvtheest corner Pine and Webster
ets.; 62:6x100: splendid Bite for flats.
J7.0O& — Three good flats in Mission; rents $65
a mccth.
$e.SOO — Three fine flats; vicinity Eighteenth
and Cartro; rents $58 a month; lot
25x125.
$5.000— Four good flats In Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.
$5.600— Washington «.. near Spruce ; lot
50x127 :8U; worfh $9000; want offer.
$2.650— New cottage in Mission; 6 rooms and
bath: fine lot
$1.400 — Corner lot near Golden Gate Park;
25x100 feet.
* SPECK & CO.. C67 Market at
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.
2CS Montgomery et Opp. Mills Bids.
PRICE $6760— RCN'TS $SSS— ALL RENTED.
FiUmcre st. cars one block; 4 nen flats;
electricity and gas. tiled mantels, tinted walls,
frescoed ceilings, porcelain tubs, concrete
foundation, biturninlzed etreet. cement walks.
front and rear; enormous sacrifice; must be
fold
PRICE $7000— RENTS $906— ALL RENTED.
3 new up-to-date Mission flats. 6-6-7 rooms
and bath; few feet from Fourteenth st
PRICE $5500 RENTS $S52.
Near FiUmcre acd Geary *ts., 3 Cats, 4-5-6
rootas and b&th; fully furnished; furniture In-
cluded In the above price; pood condition; sani-
tary plumbing; brick foundation.
PRICE $10.000 RENTS $1176.
Pierce st; S elegant new up-to-date flats; 7
rooms and bath e-ach: very choice neighborhood.
PRICE $30.750 RENTS $1260.
Page et.. north e!de; lot 25x100 ft; 3 new
up-to-date Cats, 6 and 7 rooms and batb; a
bargain.
PRICE $9000 RENTS $942.
Fell rt. ; 3 very attractive modern fiats of 5-5
rooms and bath; a choice income property.
PRICE $10.000 RENTS $1080.
Lyon st.: lot 25x106 ft.; 3 substantial flats,
6-6-7 rooms and bath
PRICE $6000— RENTS $654.
California st.; 3 attractive well-built bay-
window flats; perfect condition; above rents
low.
FACING ON DUBOCE PARK.
Price $11,500; 3 swell new up-to-date Cats,
.6 rooms and bath; kitchens In center; lot
22x110
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Price $0250; facing right on a pretty park:
cnlr ten minutes' walk from Mark.-t and
Kearry etc. ; handsome lot. 44 ft wide and
running back to rear street; 6 light and sunny
fiatc; good plumbing; brick foundation; hand-
Ccme income; grand future
PRICE $7000 RENTS $763.
Fourteenth St.; 2 new elegant modern Mis-
sion flats; car* pass; choice investment.
AT A SACRIFICE— ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
Price $3500 reduced from $14,000; 9 rooms
and bath (cost $10,000 to build); beautifully
situated: key lot. 30x110 ft; reception hall,
sen-ants' rooms, etc.; large garden, cement
walks, etc.
NELEON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery et Opp. Mills Bldg.
VOM EHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY^
513 CALIFORNIA ET.
FILBERT. NEAR POWELL.
$25,000^ — 68:9x160 to rear street; four 10-room
houses; renting for $112 50.
WESTERN ADDITION COR. RESIDENCE.
$19.000 — Northwest corner, near Park Pan-
handle; 50x100; modern house of 14 rooms.
GEART-ST. NEW FLATS.
$14.f>00—£7:6 feet frontage; 3 new flats; rents
$122 CO; In the most desirable portion of
Geary st.
NEW FILLMORE ST. FLATS.
$0000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms
each: rcntine for $83. _ . -• .• -_ :
Sold by order of the executor*— Corner Stein-
«-r ar.d Fell str. ; 3.*ixl00; corner Oak and Flll-
":i-ore Bts.: 35x100: large Oak st lot 40x137:6;
Oak Et., near Steiner. The above property must
be sold at once to close an estate; no reasona-
ble offer will be rejected.
MARINE VIEW LOT. -
$r.75O — 34:lxlC3; W. line Devlsadero St., near
Orecn; beautiful marine view and In a rapidly
growing locaJity. . .
VAN NESS- AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
&5xl37:6; west line Van Neas ave., near
Greenwich; splendidly situated for a home or
flats.
MISSION HOME.
$52r»0— 37x90 to rear street: San Jose ave.,
r.ear 25th; 9 rooms and bath; In the warm belt
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5200 — 11:6x125; Union st, near Van Ness
rve.
JACKSON ST.— STORE AND FLATS.
$45C0 — Jackson et.. near Powell; etore and
lodging-house; rented for $56 per month; mort-
gage of $1500 can remain.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4000 — Lacuna st. n»ar Union; two modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
2 lots, 25xR7:6 each; Flllmore. near O'Far-
rell; fine locality for flats; must be sold.
B. GETZ, P.OOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots!!!
New Level Block on the Market
All Lots and Corners Have Grand Ocean View
FirstCorae — First Served
$100 to $400; Splendid Bargains; $5 Monthly.
:0TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS!!!
THE CREAM OF THE SUNSET!!!
LOOK AT THEM...777yoU*LL LIKE THEM
Elevated — Level — Graded — Ready to Build On
On Very Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!!
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION!!!
If You Haven't Seen Them Go at Once!
Choicest "Home" Bldg. Lots.... Perfectly Level
$150 up.... $5 month On Mlsslon-st car line
$300 to 5*200.... Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$1000 to $5000 — New Cottages — Easy Terms.
Sunset Richmond and Excelsior.
"Buy Direct from Owner" Title Perfect
FOR sale — As a whole or* In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot south line Union St., 137:6 feet cast
of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce ets.; lot 103:6x137:6 feet Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
221 Sansome at ,
A BARGAIN; lot 25x100; Mission' st, near
29th. Apply Owner, 6S4 Ash ave.
REAL ESTATE-— OrrY.— FOR »AXB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ET.
$3.600-— Twenty-first St.. sear Valencia: lot 60
xli5; or house and 25 feet for $6500.
$20,000 — Slxth-st business property; , 60x33;
stores, eto. | rents $125.
$4.600— Liberty et., near Valencia; 2-story
house. 8 rooms and bath,
$32,600— Drumm st, near . Market; 8-story
brick building; rents $160.
$11,000 — Corner property; store and flats; larr*
lot 75x75; near Eighth and Karrlson.
$10.000— Guerrero st, 85x90; new building. 4
flats; rents $92 60; $6000 mortgage.
$7.100— Rents $71; large lot, 88x90; 2 stores,
2 flats; Guerrero st.
$60,000— 60-vara comer lot. 187:6x137:6; Gold-
en Gate ave.; residences; rents $226.
$7.000— Lake st.; lot 30x100; rents $62 60; 3
new flats.
$4,000— Third ave., near Lake st.j lot 25x120;
rents $25; 2-story residence, 7 rms., eto.
$9,000— Rents $72 60; Broderlck st. near
Washington; 25x110; 2 •flats. '
$10,750 — Washington St., close In; downtown;
rents $97 50; 3 flats. *
$17.000— Clayton st. near Halght ; 27:6x106:8;
rents $160; 8 new flats. .
$18,600— Foleom st, near Sixth; lot £5x165, to
! rear street; two stores below, two floors
! above; house on Shipley si* of 10 rooms;
rents $94 per month.
$6,000— Lewis st. off Jones, near Post; three
flats of 4 and 5 rooms; rents $47,
\ $6,000— Clay st.. near Steiner, opposite Alt*
plaza; key lot. 25x:lC2:8Vi: exceptionally
well situated; abundance 'Of light and
sun; residence of 6 rooms and bath;
splendid lot for new fiats; mortgage of
$2500 can remain.
17.600— Union at, near Flllmore: lot SOxlOOt
two flata of 6 and 7 rooms and b>tn
each; rents $65 per month.
f 15,000— Make an offer; large lot. 65x130. oa
Buih-st. corner. In good neighborhood.
In central portion of Western Addition j
present frame buildings of no value; all
the money's worth In the land; very
suitable for Cats; very sunny,
THSBB ARE OTHERS
Who know that
Parnassus Heights U the
Most attractive resldenoe property in San
Francisco; close to children's playgrounds,
the aviary, buffalo paddock, musto stand,
recreation grounds and all of the principal
attractions of Golden Gate Park; street com-
pletely sewered and paved with I bituminous
rock; granite curbs, cement sidewalks; gas
and water mains in all streets and separate
service to every lot fully paid for; also side
sewers to each lot; all street work done un-
der the supervision of the Board of Publlo
Works and accepted by the city; lots from
$1300 and up. Terms, part cash, balanoe on
time at 6 per cent per annum. Go out and
see this property to-day; agent at our office
on the grounds, corner H st. and 7th ave. All
Park car, -pas. **£$£% HOWDLU
25 Post »t
MCAFEE BROTHERS^ MOWTGQMERY „.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE. *
New modern up-t»-date 7 rooms and bath;
only $1250.
20 LOTS. 20 LOT8.
Just put on the market: on Frederick st., one
block from Stanyan, facing Into Golden Gate
Park- all ready to build on: a fine chanoe for
a builder; prices from $1260 to $1600; cheapest
lots In the market
SUTTER, NEAR FILLMORE,
12 new beautltul sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each; lot 65x137:6; all rented for $360
per month; price $40,000.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS. ,
Only $1250; lot 25x112:6; street bltumln*
lzed; snap.
FELL-BT. FLATS.
Fronting on the Park Panhandle, near Lyon
St.; 4 and 6 rooms; rent $46; lot 25x100 feet;
price $6000.
LARKIN ST., NEAR BUTTER. CORNER
LOT.
Fine n*w sunny modern apartment house;
19 apartments. 3 and 4 rooms each; bath,
closet and basin In each apartment; hot water,
gas, electric lights, eta ; guaranteed lease for
6 years at $500 per month; price $62,500.
CHEAP CORNER ON MAIN STREET.
South of Market, east of Eighth st.; lot 7Bx
75; store and flats; rents $87 60 monthly;
price $11,000; the rents are extremely low;
spend $1000 and you can make the rents $150.
• IN THE MISSION.
Two flats and two store*; lot 36:8x87:6; rent*
ed for $71; price $7200. . •
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
ON EASY TERMS.
A FINE ¦CHANCE
To eecure a beautiful marine view lot over-
looking Golden Gate and the ocean: on main
driveway to Eutro Heights; gas and water In;
street cars pass; these lots will soon be worth
big money; buy one on easy terms; prices only
$350 up to $C50; you won't get this chance
again. . .
FINE LOTS.
On north side of Jackson st.. near Devlsa-
dero; 27:6 feet frontage; prices $3750 to $5750.
SACRAMENTO-ST. CORNER.
CO feet frontage; both streets bituminlzed and
accepted; cheapest corner In the Western Ad-
dition; only $5000.
Send for list of cheap lots In all parts of the
city. McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st
MADISON & BURKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick. House
Sacramento st., between Larkln and Polk; 3
houses and lot 65x118. paying large In-
come; only $16,000 asked.
Flllmore st. corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Flllmore; -the
largest and finest corner on the market
on anv business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st, 60-vara lot, corner Lyon; an ele-
gant, sightly building location; commands
grand, unobstructed view and best neigh-
borhood in city; only^$30, 000. .
$8000 — To close an estate; Dolores st, near
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents $60; large lot;
must sell Immediately; call for particu-
lars.
$9000— Hayes-st investment, near Buchanan; 2
buildings; rents $68 60 per month; 27:6x
120 to rear street
$2350 — Shotwell, near 24th St.: 6 rooms and
bath; lot 22:3x122:6.
Cheap home; only $2300; on Twentieth st,
near Guerrero; 4 rooms and bath; cottage
and lot 25x114.
LOTS r' ¦¦'¦¦'-•'
$4200— Steiner st. near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2500 — Lots on Larkln, near Broadway; $100.
per foot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter, Post and
Steiner sts. In sizes to suit.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker Bt, in sizes to suit'
prices from $2000 upward.
$1500^ — Snap; northeast corner • Banchea and
Valley sts.; 28:6x100. :; .-.^.^\
MADISON & BURKE.
80 Montgomery st, opp. Lick House.
JUDGE " '
IF YOU WANT TO SEE ;¦;. "
How good we build the houses which we cell
on rent money terms, look at those now go-
Ing up on
Sixth ave. and California St.,
A pt., near Sixth ave.,
California st. near Fourth ave..
Potrero ave. and Twenty-third et..
Day st. near Noe.
These houses are not finished; we want you
to see them before they are. You can judga
.' better how we build. We are building all
over the city. We will build whererer you
care to live. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post Bt. .
NEW 4 and 5 room flats.
New 4 and 5 room flats,
On California st. (Richmor.d5.
You can pay us $50 monthly for them. None
built better. Three car lines reach them.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
$1750 — UNION-ST. lots, on sunny side, with
grand marine view; easy payments: readv
for building; cars pass; street sewered, etc."-
'cheapest lots In Western Addition.
"" W. J. GUNN,
" • 630 California st.
ONE left — Only $1825; a bargain; choice build-
ing lot; in that very desirable location, west
side Sixth ave., north of Lake st; 25x120;
gTadcd and all street work done; gas, water
and electricity on street; a few steps from
electric cars; cash or easy payments; policy
of title Insurance covers the /lot, , issued by
Cal. Title Insurance and Trust Co.
W. J. GUNN.
-> • - 530 California st. .
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st.
$2100 — Cor. 25th and Wisconsin ets. ; new cot-
tage of 4 rooms, bath and basement; good loca-
tion for grocery; $300 down. $15 a month.
$1750 — Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement; $300 down, $15 a month; Wisconsin
Et . ¦ near Twenty-fifth.
$2700— House of 2 flats and attic; basement,
rear house; vicinity Mason^and' Filbert sts.
BUY A POINT RICHMOND LOT NOW
SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
ALL LEVEL. $5 PER MONTH.
McEWEN BROS., 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
» SOLE AGENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
41
' . MEDICAL.
WANTED* — 10,000 weak men In San Francisco
to become restored to perfect ¦ manhood.
Prof. Roth's famous Magic Manhood Manna
never falls. Results are sure and perma-
nent; no disappointments; thousands of suf-
fering men have been restored to perfect
¦health. Why not you? A positive cure for
varicocele and all male weaknesses. Only
$2 for a full three months' treatment Send
for circular. PROF. HENRY J. ROTH,
box 781 A. Springfield. Ohio.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST., room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of all. '/.'-.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant' relief guaranteed; SO
years' experience; removed to 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all l*-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S^ Marxet st., cpp. Sth.
VALPEAU'9 female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. ¦ " •--¦'</
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult ca*es treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market et.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van ftess — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints: lest, relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
"EPHPHATHA"; positive cure (drugless) for
deaf mutes and total deafness. Physician,
box 3505, Call. j 'J
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2995 Folsom st., corner
26th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS.DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES.- you are Invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported and
New York hats. MME. POSCH. 207 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or ehingles; beet for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
FOR sale — Collection postage stamps, envel-
opes, cards and wrappers; some rare onet;
bargain; no dealers; call Sundays after 2
p. m. ; week days after 6 p. m. 11 Klncon
ave.. off Second st.
15 FRESH milch cows, suitable for families;
will give 16 to 24 quarts of milk a day each;
must be Bold at once, regardless of price.
Apply to SAM AFTERGUT, Mission road,
J near Seven-Mile House and county line.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, eta, etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged;' see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR eale cheap, $25, first-class ticket to Co-
lumbus, Ohio; suitable for medium blonds
lady; final limit Oct. 15. 1903. Address
Blondln, 800 K st., Sacramento, Cal.
DOGS — Only three left; two champion St. Ber-
nard bitches and one registered all-black
cocker bitch; must be sold. 132 Ninth ave.,
rear California st. ; phone West 826".
STEAM engines for sale at great bargain; 20
and 30 HP.; also pulleys; hanger and laun-
dry machine. Von Serkey Gas Engine CO.,
219-221 Main st.
45 GENTLE dairy cows; fresh springers; must
go In 3 days or owner takes possession again;
cheap for cash. Mission road, near Five-
Mile House.
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
FOR sale— Million of good new hard brick;
at Glen Ellen. Apply to DR. C C. O'DON-
NELL, 1021% Market st. . ;
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
VERY cheap— A scholarship In a first-class San
Francisco business college. P. O. box 14,
Berkeley. :
3, 6 AND 10 hp.J gasoline engines; second-hand;
all sizes, ne\#. E. B. BECK & CO., 122
Market st.
FOR sale — A number of elegant theatrical
gowns. Address box 1677, Call office:
$150 — GENUINE diamond ring; gentleman; sell
immediately $100. VALIANT. 417 Stockton.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
GREAT Dane; mouse color: 2 years; pedlgtfjd;
reasonable price. 1694 Dolores st.
"COONS"; fine large tame pair (or breeding;
cheap. Box 3504, Call.
VIOLIN; handsome Strad- model bow and
case; sale or. exchange; $25. Box 1215, Call.
A DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
cheap. 1571 Market st., near 12th.
FIRST-CLASS pump, windmill, tank and
tower; cheap. 2960 Howard St., near 26th.
FOR sale— Fine lot of moving pictures; great
bargain. Novelty Theater, Oakland.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 1C9
Montgomery st.
SAFES — N'A and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 123 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs; hammocks
metal beds,mattre3ses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission!
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
SIISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher prices for buildings and takes
less time to wreck and remove. Office, NW.
cor. Mission and Tenth; phone Mint 3011.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
WANTED— Small first-class Reed organ; low-
est price. Box 1214. Call.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484.
, MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602^603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
"DEAL DIRECT WITH LENDER."
Save time, interest and expenses.
A retired Eastern gentleman will lend any
part of $50,000 at 6 per cent per annum on
1st. 2d or 3d, mortgages, city, Oakland, town
or country property; loans- can be paid in
Installments Or to suit borrower; state full
particulars of property; no interviews other-
wise. Address box 2498. Call office.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to salaried people on their note
without. security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates: best terms: quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 68-69 Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market at.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
. liberal . advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 846
.Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, -teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit , Assn. makes advances to
responsible salaried people, confidentially;
- new and . simple plan; easy Installments.
* Room 50, Academy of Sciences, 819 Market
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
B.:F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
' people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO. . . . r.143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, piano; no removal^B. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldj^H708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried erftjjflfc-e*. G. W.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor, Chronicle bldg.
FOR HOUSEKEEPING.^
A— ST. JAMES, M^iiTsTeTand'Laguna^Fur-
nlshed sunny suite, with separate sunny
kitchen; gas range; all complete for house-
keeping: $13 up.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk St.— 8trictly modern. 4-5
room apartments; fur, or. unfur. for hskpg.
Ardell. 15 Page— Large, furn. hkpg. rms, $1 13.
$1 50, $2; front suites. $3 wk.; gas stoves.
BAKER. 2110— Pleasant upper floor. 3 rooms,
bath; furnished; adults; lower floor or two
floors unfurnished.
BUCHANAN. 605— Large alcove room and
kitchen for housekeeping.
CENTRAL AVE.. 722, near McAllister— Thre«
rooms furnished ;coal and gas stoves; rent $13.
ELLIS. 661 — 3 furnished sunny room*, suitable
for housekeeping; gas range, bath and phone.
ELLIS. 605 — 3 sunny, back furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping; In basement.
ELLIS, 685, cor. Larkin — Front bay-window
alcove; mantel and kitchen; gas stove.
FIFTH, 119 — Second flat; nicely furnished bay-
window rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 1001. corner Sixth — Couple of sun-
ny housekeeping rooms; quiet house.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms.
GEARY. 408 — Three nicely furnished sunny
rooms for housekeeping.
GEARY. 878 — 2 very large sunny back rooms.
completely furnished; regular kitchen; $2U 50.
GEARY, 1917— $13; 4 rooms, bath, toilet, 2
beds, gas and coal stoves; for adults; all
necessaries.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
¦ nlshtd. 1530 Polk st. ,
KEARNY. 104 — Sunny front suite. $11. unfur-
nished; no children.
MARKET. 1597 — Two or three unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
MARTHA place. 4. off Geary, between Taylor
and Mason — 2 tunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping. *
MISSION. 561. near Second— Sunny bedroom
and kitchen, connecting; furnished for house-
keeping; also large front room; cheap rent.
MI3SIOX. 1063 — Elegant front suite; completa
for housekeeping; running water; gas; phone.
STOCKTON, 1206. Model House— Front rooms.
newly furnished. $3; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
THE Gtlle*pie. 119 Ninth st. — Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 SO to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores — I sunny
bay-window rooms; nice. n«at: complete.
/>p*t?.tmhm'I'» 7OS HOTJSEXEHFIJXQ.
EL MONTEREY", the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pln« St..
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable. .
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Vnfiign.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
t 115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IX EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. •
" ASHWORTH. "
820 MASON ST., bet. Geary and O'Farrell
With or Without Private Bath.
An Addition Just Completed.
Sun In Rooms All Day.
A— BRUN3WICK House. 143 SlxtlJ — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 «!ghj;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1011 — Very large sunny room: a;*>
small room; running water, bath, phone; prl-
vate home.
CALIFORNIA: 23O4 — Nicely furnished room;
bath; convenient to cars; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. 132A— A nice furnished room
with bath and phone for a gentleman; rent
reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 223^ — Furnished room and bath.
$2 a week.
GEARY. 736 — Artists, attention — 3 or morai
rooms, social hall, roof garden; rent reason.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 60 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HAYES. 481 — Bay-window front room; newly
furnished: gas and bath: private family.
HYDE. 810. near Sutter— A large furnished
room; *!>.
HYDE. 819 — 2 sunny front rooms, en suite or
single; also sunny front room with light
.^.housekeeping privileges; private family; reaa.
JESSIE, 359— Nicely furnished front room;
gas, grate, phone; $7.
JESSIE 812 second door from 9th — Neat fur-
nlshed room; $1 25 per week.
LINDEN ave.. 444 — Furnished room, $3 30,
and unfurnished, S3.
MCALLISTER. 110^— Nicely furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1203. corner Eighth— A nice sunny
furnished room to let for gentlemen.
NEWLY furnished sunny front bay-window
room and bath In private family, $3: north of
Market St.; references. Box 6C6, Call office.
PAGE. 293, cor. Laguna — Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms, with gas and bath.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellls^ — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par*
lor: rooms per night, 33c to $1 50; week, $3
to $8; month, $3 to $30; elevator on ground,
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SUTTER. 11C5— Furnished bay-window room;
closet; runn'g water;grate:$14:llght housekpg.
SUTTER 1531 — One or two large furnished
rooms with private bell and telephone.
TAYLOR. 515B^ — Sunny room, running water,
$10, bath; also front parlor with piano.
THE FALMOUTH, 1049A Market st. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
TURK. 254 — Large sunny front room for two
or thre» gentlemen.
TURK 1218 — Sunny furnished rooms. $7 and
$8. '
TWELFTH. 22^ — A Sunny front room furnished;
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $Q week: elevator: electrio lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 8d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
33c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec lights: readmg-room: free bus; baggage.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT large sunny alcove room; also an-
other; gas, bath, running water; first-clas*
board: private faintly; no children; phone.
1224 Golden Gate ave.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table anil
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714^ — Private boardlng-houso.
home like, everything first class; -sunny
suites; single rooms; - choice locality; ref.
GOOD home for old lady or gent; terms; $20
to $25 per month. 55 Harriet st.
HAYES, 671 — Nice front room with board far
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and rooms In private family by lady
and gentleman; where there are no other
guests preferred. Box 1679. Call office. •
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRIl! DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter »t.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4a
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HUME sewing macniue. ;i!s week only,
$10. $15. $20: (lightly used: needles 20c do*.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1031 Market »t.
SHOP T » Lr-T.
PATTERN shop to rent, with power: cheap.
Von Serkey Gas Engine Co., 219 Main St.
STABLES TO LET.'
STABLE — 10 stalls and hay loft, with house of
3 rooms: near 2tth and Castro. 517 Clipper »t.
For Additional Classified Adverti***
ments See Paga Torty-Two.
u . faniM iIWi— !¦»¦! ¦¦¦¦IBB
MOXETT TO LOAH— Continue d.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311,MntuaJ Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6C0 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL I5STRPMESTS. \ ;
A^E^NoT^TIJE^E^A^GAINsl
Sherman & Hyde upright $11?
Fllsher «3
Singer 163
2 Stelnways $163 800
2 Chlckertngs 83 153
2 Helnes 237 8S3
Rents, $2 up, apply on purchase; Install-
ments, $4 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary st. larg-
est exclusive piano house of the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high class East-
ern manufacturers will be sold at actual cost
to save return of freight. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party,
$166; a great bargain. 237. Geary st.
ATTENTION Is called to the schemes of a gang
of piano swindlers who are operating In this
city: eee exposures In recent Issues of the
Chronicle. Examiner and other dallies; there
may be an occasional genuine sacrifice of a
good piano, but in the majority of cases
there's a "darky In the woodpile." "At a
great pennyworth pause a while," Benjamin
Franklin said; It will pay you to telephone or
call for one of our experts, who will make
careful examination and give accurate esti-
mate of an instrument's value and condition,
and also report as to title: charges $1 23 per
hour. POMMER-EILERS MUSIC COMPANY.
653 Market ct. ; phone Grant 17.
THIS AD IS OUR BIGGEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, as we own the building.
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent the best piano In the city for $3
per month. Now we can sell you one just the
fume. Our expenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and sava
from $75 to $150 on a piano. 8COTT-CURTAV5
PIANO CO.. 660-C2-04 Hayes St.
A FEW BARGAINS FOR THI3 WEEK.
Dunham, square ...' $20
, Other makes $35. $40 and $50
.1 handsome upright piano, used very
little $230
New pianos $150. $250. $300 and $350
Sohmer piano; grand ' '. $630
Organs $20 to $73
BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post st.
' YOU do not take any chances when buying
from us. Our methods are well known to be
open and above board. "Big bargains, not
big ads," Is our rule. All goods guaranteed
as represented or no rale. Call and see large
assortment of new and used Instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market st.
A FEW good bargains, from $60 up. Including
such makes as Mason & Ilamlln, Vose,
Sterling. Marshall & Wendell, Fischer. Kirk-
mann. Carlltt. Weser. Pease. Kohler & Chase
and many others; easy payments. Benj. Cur-
tas & Son. 16 O'Farrell; no branches In S. F.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our removal we will sacrifice any In-
strument for cash or Installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at once. KOHLER
& CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 O" Far re 11.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
FOR sale — Stuart banjo, used few times. $23;
cost $50. 1002 Harrison st.
A STECK & GABLER upright, nearly new,
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. 216 .McAllister.
RARE chance; cash or payments: elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
' perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
St.; rent $30. Apply 636 Clay st.. room 1.
PIANOS AXD ORGANS.
PART of our list of bargains in second-band
pianos for September. 1003: .
Original
Price. Now.
1 MAJESTIC—
Walnut case, medium size. 7 1-3
octaves, three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition $330 $223
§ S EMERSONS—
Two In walnut cases and one In
oak, small sue, carved panels,
three pedals, 7 1-& octaves, fine con-
dition, each ....................... 373 233
1 FISCHER—
Mahogany case, large size, T 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot be told from a
new piano 379 323
1 RICHMOND—
Mahogany case, large size, latest
style, three pedals, 7 1-3 octaves,
mandolin attachment, almost new.. 300 144
1 C. A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut case, medium size, full
swinging music rack, thoroughly
renovated and equal to new 330 230
1 ESTEY— I
Walnut case, medium size. T 1-3
octaves. In good condition ........ 400 230
1 BRUENN—
Walnut case, cabinet grand, 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 450 200
Complete list furnished on application at j
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Corner K^arny and Sutter at*.
PROPERTV WASTED.
WILL buy or rent small ranch (not adobe soil)
within 50 miles, with or without buildings;
describe fully. Box 1217, Call.
PALMISTRY.
READ on page 32 of ISMAR the. Gypsy's won-
derful work.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 5, and Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPERHAXGIXG. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 3d st.-.tel.Maln 413.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$1000— PARTNER for legitimate, well-paying
business; must drive delivery team. Box 270.
Oakland P. O.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021^ Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and recta! diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
cases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
STORAGE 1 AN^P
STORAGE room; large light loft, 50 or 75 by
100- Sth. near Market; rent reasonable. In-
quire NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. 205 Mont-
gomery at. - -'.'
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household gods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STORES : WANTED.
SMALL, nice store in healthy location for
candy. Address Golden West Hotel, room 81.
S.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^?*
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
.Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 283.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars. L. &. M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inypec. Co.. SOS Markrt.
6CHOOLS AND COLLEGES.
TO let— A kindergarten and primary school; 6
years , established. Call forenoon . Monday,
1612 Hayes su . . -
I BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
t - • : : ; —
OERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALLEN & ELLIS— SPECIAL BARGAINS.
J $,V)O — Sightly lot; paved street; cast of . fhat-
tuck, south of Vine.
$000— Lot on paved street; 50x135; nice loca-
tion; near Afhby.
$750 — Nice lot; in choice location; street [
work done; east of Telegraph, near
Dwight.
$1C5O — « rooms; lot COxlJ5; convenient to
schools and oars.
$100) — Nice modern 4-room cottage; nearly
new; In perfect condition; close In. ;
$2000 — 3 rooms; paved street; close to station
and schools; Investigate this.
$210i> — C rooms: nearly new; street work com-
plete; har.dy to station.
$2750^ — Modern 5-room cottage; "In applle pl«
order"; cemented basement; lot 50xl£>;
south front: finished street; 3 blocks of
University of California.
J2S50 — 7 rooms; new; quite attractive; close
to station: this Is a bargain.
$3350 — S rooms; new; sunny; oozy; attractive;
choice corner; sightly location; convenient.
$4(»j<> — 8 rooms; colonial; nearly new; close In:
bargain.
$45ft) — One of the most attractive 8-roora
houses we had; choice location; party
anxious to aell.
I $5200 — 10 rooms: In good condition; plenty of
I barns and other outbuildings; lot 95x130;
: trees, fruits and flowers In profusion;
1 , convenient to University of California.
$5500— A handsome JO-room house; "spick and
span"; large corner lot; central location.
$6000 — A large, shapely, modern, attractive 9-
room house; In nice condition; large lot;
choice location: parties leaving Berkeley.
ALLEN & ELLIS.
2129 Center at.. Berkeley.
$1000 — PRETTY 4-room cottage and bath;' lot
40x100; come in and see It.
$S00— Beats paying rent; lot 40x135; 4 rooms.
$1CT»O — A neat place on Russell st.; 6 rooms.
_____
! $2400 — A pretty home on Ellsworth st.; lot
40x125.
j 53750 — See these two nobby houses on Walnut
st. North Berkeley.
r — — — — -
; $4000 — Pays ever 10 r>er cent: nobby new
home In the Seenio Park under lease;
come and see us.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
Successors to May & Mortimer, 2123 Center st.
j $14,000— BUSINESS block at B?rKeley station;
property is now earning 8 per cent net;
lot alone Is worth $15,000.
$3,C00 — 7-room house; 2 large lots; street work
complete; centrally located, being near
•chools. station and electric cars; $iriOO
cash, balance flat loan.
$1,600 — One acre centrally located; good place
for a chicken ranch; near station,
schools, churches and car lines.
?2,4(tt— C-roora cottage; nice location; 1 block
from station; 2 blocks frtm electric
cars; 2 blocks to a school; lot 45x134;
easy terms If desired at S per cent In-
terest.
L. J. MORAN & CO..
j 2131 Bhattuck ave.. Berkeljb' station.
| CHEXEY & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
$7500 — COO feet on Claremont ave.; will sell
] this as a whole or in lots of 100 feet frontage.
$050— Bonta ave.; hillside lot, 00x175; ma-
I rine view; snap.
Factory elte on water front and railroad;
Went Berkeley; $10 per front foot.
$3ST>0 — C-room house, new; near car line;
street work done; easy terms. .
10 lots near Grove st. ; ?10O to $500; install-
ments.
COO feet on water front and railroad. "West
Berkeley, for sale; just the place for a factory.
CHEXEY & BERRY,
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
$1250 — BIG en&p; cottage, B rooms; basement,
mill ar.d fine tankhouse; large lot; close
to cars.
j $1EOO — Good honse. 8 rooms and bath; close to
station; easy terms; treat chance.
$1900 — Cottage, 5 rooms, bath, large hall; nice
garden; fruit and berries.
$3000 — Splendid opportunity; new, up-to-date
home; 9 rooms and bath; large lot; close
to station; fine location: a little cash and
monthly payment takes It.
H. D. IRWIN.
Lorin Station, Berkeley.
FIXE, sightly lots. 40xlS5. $450; terms; lot
00x135, east of Telegraph ave., $350; 2 fine
lots e&st side of Grove st., 50x145. $1000
each.
LITTLE A WOOLSEY. 2110 Bhattuck- ave.,
Berkeley. - . - . - . .. . -
YOUNGS & BARRY.
No. 51» — Xew 6-room hcuse near Telegraph
ave.; fuel, gas. electric lights; modern; $3350.
Xa. .C2 — Will build to suit, modern 0-room
house; good location; $250 down, balance $15
per month: $2250.
jTo. 40— Lot 40x120. on College ave. ; $1050.
YOUNGS & BARRY,
Phone Dana 205. 2143A Center st.. Berkeley.
A HOME OR A LOT.
STATTS' & JUSTER, 2137 fihattuck ave.,
have homes and lots on terms to suit all.
We can please you by finding Just the place
you want. Send for illustrated pamphlet of
Berkeley, where 012 residences were erected
In 1P03. Homes on easy terms like rent.
STATTS & JUSTER, 2137 Shattuck ave.
LAWTON & ALBEE. real estate, have for sale
Berkeley homes, residence and business lots
at lowest prices; choice Investment property.
paying C per cent to 10 per cent net; refer to
either bank in Berkeley. 2139 Center rt.
THREE new 7-room bouses: modern; south
frontage; 2 blocks from N. B. station; nice
homes or good Investment; price reduced; 12
per cent on price asked. . See owner, 1925
Vine st.. Berkeley.
J. J. MASON.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
BE cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
Berkeley. Cal.
FOUR blocks of ground in Berkeley, Cal.. for
$20,000- this Is the amount of indebtedness
on the 'property; a good Investment and in a
section of growing values. Inquire of W. N.
RUSSELL. 301 California St.. San Francisco.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCTTVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 298.
One-half block from station.
$1000 — Nice 4-room cottage; fine well, lots
of flowers and berries; close to church, school
and cara: lot WxlOO.
$1200— Queen Anne 6-room cottage: fine well,
stable, chicken yards and house; also city
water- flowers and fruit trees; lot 100x100.
$1050— Stylish 5-room high basement brick
foundation cottage; 20 fruit trees; chicken
yard and house: fine arbor; nice fence all
around- beautiful shade trees; close, to town
halL echool. church, postofflce; a bargain; easy
te $T7*6o— 6-room and bath Queen Anne cottage;
close to station. .
$1800 6-room and bath cottage; stable; near
station, school and cars.
•2200 6-room and bath Marie style cot-
tage- new and only $200 cash required.
$3000—9 rooms and bath; windmill: lot 50
x230- on the hills; frontage two streets.
$4000—8 rooms and bath; stable; abundance
of shrubbery, fruit trees and flowers; cars pass
the door: lot 80x203: on a corner.
$75 lots, $5 cash, $5 monthly; Rosa Lee
Tract; no winds or fogs here.
CHARLES F. LEE, half block Frultvale
station; carriage fre«.
j V MATTESON, Fruitvale ave., near East
14th st.. Frultvale. Cal.
Phone Brook 295. .
C_rgains too numerous to mention. Ads are
deceiving.
Mine must be seen to be appreciated.
J A' MATTESON, Fruitvale ave., near East
" «4th st.. Fruitvale, Cal.
«jjOO_Cbzy 4-room cottage, situated in East
and one block from the ttreet
cars; lot r>CxlOO feet; all In berries and
flowers; don't fall to nee this; a bargain.
•1 575 New 5-room modern cottage; high
basement; close to tlw station; lot 38x
100 feet: street work done.
«o n00— New modern 5-room cottage, in the
**" be«t portion of East Oakland; handy to
stores and trains; easy terms; lot 4f*x
140; street work completed; two of the
finest and cheapest lots In fruit-,
vale' situated on High St., one block
from the electric cars; size of on<? OOx
130; size of other. 80x120; price $100(».
• 10 000 A beautiful residence, consisting of 2
' acres of finely Improved grounds', house.
10 rooms, furnished; sltnated on the best
street In Fruitvale. Apply to Alameda
Land Co.,
. J. E. WHITE. Manager,
¦ 1151 23d • ave.-Statlon,
} Cast Oakland, Cal; • ' J
It EA L E S i T A TE — Country — For Snlc.
SEND FOR PRINTED LIST........
$22ix»— All valley land. 2 miles of town; 12
acrfs. house. <J rooms, bath, largn barn, 2 Incu-
bators. 11 henhouses, eu-am engine bonen-.Ul
SIM beam, buggy, tool?. 3 brooders furniture.
fll an aore. 24 miles of town; near S F ;
140 acres bottom '.and; 1O acres bearing or-
chard: frncd and cross-fenced; 250 acrtg tlm-
bertd pasture; hou«e. barn; terms.
. $:^>00 down— ni2 acres. 2 miles from station;
«:¦ milfs from S. F. ; eo acre? bearing orchard.
ISO acr«s Brain; balance rolling pasture; fenced
• 4 fields; 10 room toouse, large barn; S12.000
$.!(kx> — 1 rr.lle P. O.. school, ttore; 255 *cres.
*."> l«=vil. balance timbered pasture; 4-nn. house'
barn, granary. 5 hon-houses, windmill- 20 head
cattle. 12 dozen htns; wagon, buggy tools
$5 acre— x n!!c* from live town; 1600 acres;
consists of rolling hills and little valleys; water
aiid wood; bar.k foreclosure; easy terms
$110<>— Nearly o ;i i PV el, dark soil; 40'acres
rWr. balance timbered pasture; 4 acres bearing
orchard. 2 acres vine*, good impts. ; terms.
<«;C5£»r^UJCCHg& EVERYWHERE.
T\. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery ct.. room 3.
$50,000 — FOR sale; Improved stock ranch 1600
arrfs; UXX) acres alfalfa land.
«W,Ckk>— 8tx» acres; etock ranch; Sacramen-
to County; fenced and cross-fenced; 600 acres
plow land.
¦ fSCtoo— Improved dairy ranch of 40 acres;
. over half alfalfa land; adjoining the town of
Gait. Sacramento County; creamery Vi mile;
•Rill sell cows and bogs with ranch If desired.
ft^OO — For sale or rent; Improved dairy
ranch of 14'J acres; San Joau;uln County; H
alfalfa, land; oceans of feed; (2000 down;
ifcne to euit on balance.
$*00— A enap; a fine little home of 12
acres: well improved; » acres bottom land;
Ben Joaquln County.
$4Oo— i* down; 10 acres choice fruit or
vineyard land; Sacramento County; close to
echool.
S2OO — 5 acres choice land for chicken ranch.
I-'c-r rent on fhares, grain ranches from 320
to 3000 acres.
' P. O. Box 15. Gait. Cal.
0 ACRES orchard; assortment of fruit trees;
house cf 6 rooms and bath; hot and cold
water; first-class plumbing; well and tank
house. wlndTr.ill. chicken house, barn, car-
riage houses, etc. Inquire GOEHLICH sa-
loon. Orchard ave.. Elmhurst.
$2750—120 ACRES; 600 range"; sell or lease.
5275; orchard and vineyard best in State;
can visit city and return tame day: 3H miles
to town; old age reason for selling. J. W.
P., box 4060, Call office.
FOR eale — 15-acre fruit ranch in frostless val-
ley; finest in the State; or exchange lor first-
class rooming-house or notion store. Box
1220. Call office.
tsOoO — G^od paying dairy; etock. toois, wagons,
fi4 acres land. 15 acres fruit. 2 barns, 9-room
blouse on edge of county teat. JJOSSMAN,
Examiner bide, room 411.
'2 ACRES land, adjoining Unlcn Park. Cclma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-houses, water; reasonable; chickens,
Cucks. R. S. TnORXTON.*416 Examiner bid.
ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains ; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 645
Market «t.
FOR eale — Canty ranch of "503 acres, near
Grayeon. Stanislaus County. Cal.: If sold
witlim :JO dcya. $40,000: liberal terms. J. M.
_ CANTY. C2C Nineteenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
ALFALFA our specialty; be?t alfalfa land at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery ct.
'SH-ACRE Improved poultry ranch for sale- at
bargain. Mrs. Molatt. Cctati, Sonoma Co., Cal.
FOR poultry «r.'l dairy ranches yielding a pood
profit. HAiULTOX & KEXPRICICPeUluma.
CHEAPFST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in tb«
Unltrd Ffitpg or Cane.da oti» year for $1.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FRUIT ranch, near Eaata Crui; one of the
.prettied in the State; thoroughly equipped;
known In II States and Territories: cash
value $32,000: will accept Oakland or Ala-
meda residence In part payment: email mort-
gage can remain; full particulars at office.
JULIEN SMITH.
P.*al Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery et.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAHEDA nEAL ESTATE.
GREATEST LIST OF PROPETtTY EVER
OFFERED FOR SALE.
STARTLING PRICES. BIG BARGAINS.
INVESTIGATE AND PURCHASE A HOME.
PROPERTIES SACRIFICED AND BOUND
TO INCREASE.
POSITIVE INSTRUCTIONS TO SELL.
THE FOLLOWING MUST BE SOLD:
$75 will rent an elepant 11-roora house; gas,
electricity and iurnace; nice corner lot; I
carpets will remain on floor.
$2200 — O-rccrn, fcouee; lot C3xlf>&; modern; a
bargain.
J22."»0 — Beautiful 5-rocra cottage; lot 30x160;
fine location ; a bargain.
52500— Fine G-rocra house; lot SSxlSO; sacri-
ficed; a bargain.
$2SS0 — Foreclosure; 5 rooms and bath; lot 73x
125: one week; a bargain.
$3000 — The Fr.ap of the season: 5-roem cottage;
lot 50x150, with 3 finished rooms In base-
ment; see this property.
'$3300 — Elegant 7-rocm colonial home; very
cheap.
$4230 — Nothing like it for value; superb loca-
tion; 8 rooms and bath: large lot.
$5000 — Worth $»u00: beautiful 10-roora house;
lot 60x150; Crest corner In Alameda; first
cczne gets a bargain.
* DON'T DELAY. PURCHASE ONE OF
THE MANY BARGAINS WE ARE OFFER-
ING. THE BIGGEST AND FINEST BAR-
OATN'S EVER OFFERED IN THE BEAUTI-
FUL CITY OF ALAMEDA.
$750 buys a fine water lot ca Clinton ave.
(large); hemes ar.4 lots at all prices and
terms. •
Hocses Built.
Rented an3 Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st..
__^ Alameda,
EAETOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C3S MARKET STREET.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
BATURDAY. October 10. 1903.
At 2 o'clock p. m. on the premises.
IN"
ALAMEDA.
ENTIRE BLOCK.
CONSISTING OF
KETB MOST BEAUTIFUL COTTAGES.
AND
Seven Elegantly Situated Building Lots.
• Perfect Gems as to Style of Architecture.
MODERN IV EVERY RESPECT AND
SUBSTANTIALLY BUILT.
Each lot extra t-ize. 37:6x108 feet.
I"*!ne rrassi>lot and profusion of flowers.
•The sale will take place on the premises.
Block bounded by
Lafayette and Schiller Streets, Eagle and Cle-
ment avenues.
?&ke broad gauge ; get off at Grand station.
For further particulars send for catalogue.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
FTN~E INVESTMENT.
To be eold on account of closing aa estate.
$4230 — Two-etory modern house of 7 rooms and
bath; lower portion used as a grocery
store; ettuate on a corner Jot 66:6x100. For
particulars pee MRS. H. JOSEPH, corner
Railroad ave. end Ftanton «t.. or
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
1422 Park st..
. Alameda.
ALAMEDA FTRMSHED HOUSES.-
A* FURNISHED 7-rootn cottage. 1307 Ala-
meda ave., one b'.ock from na.rrow-ga.uge,
two from street car.
ALAMEDA HOUSES. ~~ ~~
FOR rent— Nicely furnished house in Alameda;
reasonable to resx>onsSble party; owner leav-
Ing for the East. Address box C 832. CalL
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nnitKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
42T.00— HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; lot 42x139.
$300o— House of 0 rooms and bath; Telegraph
• avenue.
?2*r/>— House of 8 rooms and bath; lot 40x11*.
*27Wi — House of 6 rooms ar.d bath.
$2400— Uout-c of C rooms and bath; near Ber-
ry men
"*2.V)fr— IIouw of S rooms and bath; lot 60x135.
$2500— House of 6 rooms and bath; Telegraph
¦venue,
$3500— N>w house of 7 room* and bath; every-
thing modern; r.car station and electric
raiiroad ; cash or Installments.
$70»0— Nrw house of 8 rooms and bath; thor-
. oogfcly modern; furnace, etc; fine corner
JOFEPH J. MASON Real Eftate,
Berkeley Station.
KO. CK—$1O.*O— Northeast corner; lot 50xl3S;
; euitable for 2 buildings; close to street and
fteem can-.
No. 100 — %~'Z%'\ — BurlneFs property; the lot
Is worth mere than asking price.
No. C2— $350— Lot 4. r )Xl20; North Berkeley;
E. S. QUACKENBUEH.
Real Estate.
Insurance,
2171 Fhattuck ave,,
flerkeley. Cal. '
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. .
H. BARKMEYER, 1206 Frultvale ave..
¦ Fruitvale, Cal.
$S00 — Cozy cottage of 2 large rooms; hard-
flriished; lot 100x150; 2 blocks from car
line; terms If desired.
! $1000 — Neat cottage of 4 rooms, closets and
pantry; extra good well and pump; barn;
lot 50x125, all fenced; near school and car
line. (Fitcbburg.)
$1200 — Cottage of 4 rooms, closets and pantry;
.barn; good well; lot 100x230, all. fenced;
large 2-story barn; only one block from
car line.
$1700— A bargain; bay.wlndow cottage ••ef.'.d
rooms; . hard-finished; fine 2-story barn;
good well, windmill and tank; chicken-
house; lot 110x135; on macadamized street;
3 blocks from car line; terms if desired.
I $1900— Splendid cottage of 5 rooms-and bath,
large reception hall; all . modern: high
basement, concrete foundation; large lot;
one block from Frultvale station; small
payment down, balance Just Ilka rent.
For particulars apply to
H, BARKMEYER, half .block from Frultvale
station. CaL ; tel. Brook 633.
H A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station
| $1075— For sale in East Oakland, cosy 8-
room cottage and bath, fronting on car line;
$175 cash, balance same as rent.
$1300— New cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
hard finished; pantry closets, marble wash-
etand, stationary tubs; good cement founda-
tion; only 3 blocks from Frultvale station. ¦
$1000— Beautiful new modern cottage of 4
rooms, bath, hall, etc.; high basement; brick
foundation; cement walks; convenient to local
train and electrlo cars; $100 cash, balance
same as rent.
$1200 — House of 4 rooms and bath, pantry. 2
closets, large barn, chicken and brooder house;
good well; lot 100x230; all fenced. _.¦
$1600— Special bargain; cottage of 5 rooms;
2 rooms finished In basement; nice stable, fruit
trees, chicken houses; lot 53x225. all fenced;
?150 cash, balance $20 per month.
$1850— Modern bay-window cottage of four
rooms bath high basement; lot 85x120; lo-
cated 'in the beet part of Frultvale; half block
from electric cars.
II. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station.
|700 CHICKEN ranch. 8 acres; fully equipped
and paying: Frultvale.
THE ALDEN CO..
' 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
IMPROVED and unimproved lots, 60x150; very
desirable neighborhood; public school near
by; inquire on premises. East Eighteenth
st. and Frultvale ave.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th st.
HOMES FOR EVERY ONE.
HOMES FOR EVERY ONE.
CASH OR EASY TERMS.
CASH OR EASY TERMS.
$2330— Near Lorin; a desirable corner; neat 5-
room cottage; all new and modern; has
every convenience.
$2800— See this story a.nd a half home of 6
rooms and bath. It's a beauty. Is nearly
new and thoroughly modern: handy to
cars and school; only one block to new
Santa Fe system, reaching San Francisco
in 20 minutes.
$2900 — Very desirable home on Grove St.; mod-
ern 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
good stable; everything In excellent con-
dition.
$£000 — On north side of street, close to Tele-
graph ave.; a fine new and modern hom»
of 6 rooms and bath; only $500 cash, bal-
ance fiat loan; a Enap.
$3250 — On 10th ave., , East Oakland; good 2-
story house of 8 rooms and bath; every
convenience; all modern and in best con-
dition; close to cars and school; lot ?>0x
100.
$3500 — Cozy and desirable story and a half
modem home containing 7 rooms and bath;
large lot. 50x130; fruit, outhouses, etc.;
close .to cars and school.
$4000 Just being completed; a fine modern
home of 8 rooms; has every possible con-
venience; location very desirable; fine
homes all around; larce lot, 40x180.
Desirable East O-udnnJ Hom«-s.
Desirable East Oakland Homes.
Five car lines withl.i cne block.
Five car lines witnln one block.
Local trains four blocks away.
Local trains four blocks away.
Prices range from $4250 to $5250.
Prices range from $4250 to $5250.
These beautiful homes are on the Tubbs
block on Eaet 12th st. They are all that lan
be desired. They are exceptionally well built
and have every possible convenience. They
contain 7 and 8 rooms each. Eaay terms can
be arranged on any of the3*. ' A salesman en
the ground daily from 1 :30 to 5 p. rn. Sundays
by appointment.
CALL AND INVESTIGATE.
CALL AND INVESTIGATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Dealers.
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th St., •
Oakland. - . ,
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT,
1000 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$30 per foot. Only $30.
Adams Point district and Boulevard ter-
race, facing the new Park, with an un-
obstructed view of Lake Merritt; street
work complete; adjoins $12,000 property;
terms if desired.
B— P
$375 $375. $375.
Choice building lots, 40x120; street work
complete; surrounded by good homes; car
line In front of property; property 4 feet
above grade; fine view; % cash, balance
easy terms, •
L — T
$2200. $2200.
1%-story cottage; Just completed: modern
and up-to-date; fine location; Berkeley;
close to Telegraph ave.; close to schools,
cars, etc.; $500 cash, balance $23 per
month.
W
$2500. $2500.
House of 8 rooms, etc.; large barn; lot
having 125 feet frontage; on corner; will
divide and give 3 additional lots: property
Is a foreclosure^and must be sold;' $300
cash, balance tank mortgage.
21— M
$2600. • In Construction. . $2600.
Colonial cottage, 5 rooms; porcelain bath;
with every idea for comfort and conven-
ience; fine tinting effects; gas and elec-
tric lighting; good lot; flrst-claes location;
near Telegraph ave. ; terms If desired.
HOLCOMB, BREED A BANCROFT,
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
A NICE home; here's one you ought to buy if
¦ you are looking for a cheap and good one and
plenty of ground; only a cozy cottage of 2
rooms; good well of water; fine chicken run;
a grand fruit orchard: Improvements thrown
in 1 the spot Is an ideal one; away from
winds and fog. adjoining East Oakland; 0
large lots fenced; 13Cx225; here's a bargain;
price all told. $1100; $350 cash, $10 monthly;
fine school: easy walk to cars. 100 teet from
a 75-foot wide avenue. Call or send for cir-
cular 455 Seventh st., opp. Broadway sta-
tion. 'Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner. j '
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 Broadway, cor. Eleventh st.
$1800— Elegant 6unny residence; lot 50x140;
north el d<> of 80-foot street; near lpcal station
and electric lines; worth $2250. / "'.
$5000— Splendid lot for flats. 64x100 on Tele-
graph ave.; right In town; 2 good wells on
property. • .
$6500 — 5 acres on College ave.: partly Im-
proved; reduced from $7500 to make quick sale.
ALEX. MURDOCK, Chronicle bldg., San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland, Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ;
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
Established 20 years.
4C0-4C2 Eighth st., Oakland,. Cal.
16 PER CENT ON INVESTMENT.
$4250— We are authorized to sell these two
modern "flats, (J rooms and bath each;- cottage '
in rear that rents steadily for $15. This in-
cludes at least $1000 worth of good furniture;
permanent tenants; total rents, $63 per month;
centrally located, north of 14th st., and within
5 minutes' walk of City Hall. Investigate and
we will verify these statements.
AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT.
$3600 — A fine 2-story house, 8 rooms-and al-
cove, porcelain bath; 2 mantels; high basement
and nice gas fixtures; in perfect condition; can
be occupied as flats and bring in large rental;
within 4 blocks of postof flc« and rapidly . ln^
creasing In value. .
LAKESIDE DWELLING. :
$6250 — Superb residence, 9 rooms and bath;
handsomely finished interior, with frescoed
c«lllngs; gas, electricity and furnace; nn* lot;
owner must sell; 5 minutes' walk to banking
center.
PARTLY IMPROVED BUSINESS RBALTY.
$10,000 — A fine Broadway lot, with double
frontage; having 4 flats renting for $60: ad-
jacent to business block and enhancing rapidly.
TELEGRAPH-AVE. LOT ;
$50 a ft. — Beautifully situated lot, 40x100, on
Telegraph ave., near 31st st. ; adjoins a magnifi-
cent residence; one of the few lots on this ave-
nue for sale- so close in.
FINE WEST OAKLAND HOUSE.
$3000 — Splendid residence of 7 large rooms
and bath; lot 41x102; lawn, cement walks and
driveway; iron fence; house cost $3500; can be
rented for $27 50; owner leaving and must sell.
BARGAINS IN COTTAGES.
$2200 — Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot
27x100; gas, wash tubs and fine basement; close
to locals and car lines.
$2250 — Bay-window cottage; 5 • rooms and
bath; lot 30x103; near Sixteenth and West sts.
$2200 — Modern cottage, 0 rooms and bath; lot
50x100; 6 years old; just painted; cost $2700;
near Oakland ave.. Piedmont.
$2000 — Neat bay-window cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; nice corner lot; one block from San
Pablo ave. ; near Santa Fe station.
GET SETTLED FOR WINTER.
$250 Down. Balance as Rent.
Two beautiful new colonial houses; 0 and 7
rooms each; every convenience; fine neighbor-
hood: near locals; lawn, cement walks and elec-
tricity. Owner compelled to sell:
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400-402 Eighth St.. Oakland.
A. J. SNYDER, ~~ "
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
467. Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
A business property below Seventh St. that
will pay one per cent per month on the pur-
chase price, while It is doubling in value. Look
this up before it is too late as these proposi-
tions are becoming more scarce every day. In-
formation only to purchasers. '
A bargain In a large residence cottage, be-
tween Telegraph ave. and Grove Bt.; lot 50x145;
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; this property Is
now rented at $27 oO per month. I have In-
structions to sell It. If sold within the next
ten days at a $700 reduction on the original
price. If you do not wish to live in this prop-
erty it will pay you 11 per cent gross as an In-
vestment.
A downtown cottage. An Eastern client has
Instructed me to sell a cottage on Thirteenth
St., cast of Washington, at the ridiculously low
figure of $2800. This property Is easily worth
$3500. For further Information call upon
~ A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
407 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
WHY PAY RENT? ~~~ .
$1650 — Nice cottage, 6 rooms and bath, base-
ment; lot 27: Cxi 27; worth more.
8. M. DODGE & SON. 1160 BROADWAY.
" DECIDED BARGAIN.
$2200 — House of 6 rooms and bath, base-
ment; gas; lot 40x128:6; lawn, palm trees and
8. M. DODGE & SON. 1160 BROADWAY.
" FORCED SALE.
?2S0O — Owner going north and must sell this
nice new home.; 2-stQry.. house, 7 rooms and
bath: electrlo and gas lighting; 30-foot lot;
lawn, etc; easy of access; easy terms.
8. M. DODGE & SON, 1160 BROADWAY.
VERY NEAR BUSINESS CENTER^
$2950— Cozy cottage home; 6 rooms and bath;
nice attic; basement: in excellent condition.
S. M. DODGE & SON. 1160 BROADWAY.
$3550. $3550. «355oT
Splendid new house; built in too expensive a
manner, and owner is under necessity of sac-
rificing; near Thirty-seventh and Telegraph
ave.; $1850 cash will secure It; Investigate
this; let us show It to you.
» 8. M. DODGE & SON, 1160 BROADWAY.
0
$3300 — SEE this: house of 8 rooms and bath,
all in good condition; central, desirable and
sunny; large lot, 50x125 feet, note the size,
with barn; gravel driveway and open lawn;
walking distance of town; forced sale; oc-
cupied by the owner.
Quick results If you are selling. Big bar-
gains If buying.
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500 — COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-win-
dow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep:
fine, large barn; gravel driveway; niqe
neighborhood: street work all done; above
San Pablo ave.: terms if you like. . ¦
No matter what kind of a place you want
to buy, be sure to call and see J. S. MYERS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. _^ - •
$6500— ORIGINAL cost $8500; house of 10
rooms; 5 mantels, heaters, cement base-
ment; hardwood finish halls and dining-
room; a corner lot. 75x125 (note size): ele-
gant marine view: former none of our
present Governor, George C. Pardee, and
like himself, thoroughly substantial and
first-class In every respect: terms only
$1000 cash, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS or GEO. W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America, — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
OAKLAND LODGING-HOUSES. '
|1450 — 25 rooms; rent $60. !
$800 — 18 rooms; rent $40. •
$2C00 — 41 rooms; rent $75.
AND MANY OTHERS FROM $450 UP. WE-
ARE HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-
HOUSES AND BUSINESS CHANCES. ALL
LINES OF BUSINESS SOLD. IF YOU WANT
A QUICK SALE GET ON OUR LIST.
MONTGOMERY & TILLET,
105 TELEGRAPH AVE.. OAKLAND-
OAKLAND HOUSES TOLET.
BEFORE moving get my printed list of
houses to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002
Broadway, Oakland. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas, 11th st.,cor.store,Oaklnd.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE^ — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 68. of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202-
204-200 Hayward building, San Francisco, on
October 10, 1903. Transfer books dose Octo-
ber" 3. 1903. C. C. QUINN, Secretary.
OFFICE r.f Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, No. 229 Crocker bldg., San- Fran-
cisco, Cal., Oct. 1. 1903 — Coupon No. 13, due
Oct. 12, 1003, from first mortgage 6 per cent
bonds, of the Sierra Railway - Company of
California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker- Woolworth Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco, Cat., on and
after that date.
. - H. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
THE partnershlrj existing between H. E. and
H. L. MOLIIS, under the name of MOLIIS
BROS., plumbing and gasfltting, at 01 Jack-
son St., has been purchased by H. E. MO-
LIIS, who assumes all debts and collects all
money due the firm. ..."
"" PROPOSALS.
BIDS, for a lease for a term : of , years of the
Sentinel and Glacier Point hotels. In Yosemite
Valley, will be considered, at a , meeting of
the Yosemite Valley Commission to be held
at its office, room 008 Claus Spreekels build-
H ing, San Francisco, Cal., October 15, 1903, at
2 p. m. Bids ' should state the . amounts of-
fered for a lease for a term of years ranging
respectively from one to four years Inclusive.
. No bid will be considered unless the bidder
is personally present at ' the meeting. Bids
wlll.be received at any time up. to and dur-
¦ ing - said meeting at the above named office.
YOSEMITE' VALLEY COMMISSION, by,- J.
J. LERMEN; Secretary >• ... ,. ...THE SAN FBANCISCO CAM,, SUNDAY, OCTOBEB 4, 1903.
42
H E^i_j_____gsst---!-H-g-r5 om —
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT */____£*•
pL. jtisf^artft-.- -¦
Of flee open tcvdayJSunday). 10 to 12 o.
Wethlp to Willlt. to-morrow. Monday, at T
a. m.. free fare, call to-day- Fee , *U
We ship to-morrow, .^^f/"/-"., at
o'clock to the Diamond MatC «« Vboutlt.
Chico. Call to-day and see us about n.
Watch our ads in to-n-jm-r. Montoj'*
paper; the Job you want is there.
Call to-day and get a free list c. Job*
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 — Sacramento st. — P-O. ___
MARRIED Tineyardlst to run place on ¦J 1 *^*'':
flour nuller. $60; 3 bollermakers. $3 63 day.
8 bollermakers- helpers. $2 15 day. »_»_?
burner, $3 day; 2 .tablemen . $30 and found,
farmers. $1 25 day and $30 to J 33 .**" 1 "
and found: milker. $40 and fcu^iboy* to
learn trade: office boy; 5 2!l oo<lcn^ p^?'_nd
tier, tools and fare advanced: gardener ana
wife. $60 and found; man about *>£ c *i-£z
and found, and many others. J. v. _-«J-
BETT Sl CO.. 623 Sacramento -t,
8 BOARDING-HOUSE cooks. $4O and $50 to
$60; second cook for institution. $40; hotel
second cook. $50; hotel waiter, country. $j».
restaurant waiter, country. $30; hotel PJ^fT
and choreman, $25, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.,C28 Sacramento at
TRA VEXING salesman: an active energetlo
man for California terrtto— ': staple line: es-
tablished high rated house. F. R- JEN-
NINGS, sales manager, Detroit. Mich.
A GOOD opportunity for a bright young man
Of good family, 15 to 17 years of age. In
large wholesale establishment; grammar
school education and good penmanship re-
quired; references. Box 1681, Call.
WANTED — Good reliable man to drive bottle
beer wagon In the city; must be a good sales-
man, well recommended and of regular
habits- good wa^es and steady position. Ad.
dress box 43O3.,CalI office. I
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 23e, 60o
and 60c while you wa^at 563 Mission st.
bet. 1st and 2d »ta.. or 11 Third stT
BARBERS^ — Good shop in San Jose; receipts,
$40 per week: rent $15: a bargain. DECK-
ELMAN BROS.. 100 ElUs st
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis at: 14
years* practice: references from thousands o_
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED — A pantsmaker: also a coatmaker.
Apply N. DAVIS. Reno. Ner.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair; foot-form shoea at $2 30. or
orthopedic shoes, $3 60; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st. Exam. Tbldg.. 5 doors from Market
NURSERYMAN and norist wanted. Call 60O
Haight at.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply bet 9, and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
YOUNG man in office of large corporation;
graduate of business college preferred; salary
$20 per month. Box 1209. Call office.
WANTED — 3 oystermen. 469 Seventh, st,
Oakland. Cal.
BRIGHT boy to learn trade; wages. Carson
Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoe- at $2 60; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character: must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
war ln all parts of the world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis at.. San Francisco, Cal.. and
401 K st. Sacramento. Cal.
SALESMAN, traveling or local: staple article
as side line for drug and kindrei trades; full
control of territory; pocket sample case.
BAYER, 66 Beekman st. New York.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st; 230 rooms; 25c to 60o per nigfct.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 we-kj re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLEP.
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 633 CTay st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery st. Ban Fran-
cisco Construction Company.
BOY ln tin shop; learn trade; 13 years. 633
Mission st.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outsid*
work. THORNE & CO.. 312 Bush st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 2-9 3J st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Pbelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. S*.
Barber School. 741A Howard st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
1 ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission at. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23<j
to 50c. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
— "*~~~*~~~***~~**~~~~— ~1
: HOUSES AXD WAGONS.
FOR sale — Bar mare (standard registered), rub-
ber-tired runabout, harness, robes, whips,
etc.; price $20O; will sell mare alone If want-
ed. Apply room 12, Abrahaxoson building.
Thirtenth and Washington sts.. Oakland.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for tie money
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big- store!
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
SOUND young business horse for sale cheap.
1318 Grove st.
FOR sale — Eandlet hock ln first-das- crder.
$100. Call 1327 Pierce st,
_-______------—-—--———----__—__«______,
A* RARE pony for sale. 847 Mission st
FOR sale — One pack mule- works sing!* and
double. ROBERTS. 1613 Market st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harness, work. driving horses. 15:h- Valencia
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 827 Sixth st,
Al EXPRESS wagon, light cam ping wagon and
gocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st
CHEAPEST and best tn America The Weekly
Call. 1 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
HOUSES TO LET\ ~~
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; sand for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an trraense list:
service absolutely free: take adrantag. of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary
St.. on the square.
MODERN residence. Mission warm, belt; grand
view; large grounds: 9 rooms and bath. 3
Fair Oaks st. MADISON & BURKE.
7-ROOM house, $10: modern; to-day to good
tenant. Inq. bet 10 and 2. 307 Faxon ave.
VAN NESS ave., 2104, near Pacific are. — Mod-
ern house: 10 rooms; rent $70.
$33 60^ — SUNNY modern house. T rooms and
bath. 720 Broderlck. near McAllister st,
BEFORE moving get our print".! list of houses
to let. BALDWIN fe HOWELL. 23 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — PCRX-SHED.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths: large garden: grand view.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR. SALE,
PARTIES leaving town would like to sen fur-
nished house; very reasonable. 862% Fol-
scm st ¦
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Sunday, Sept 27, sunburst pin; pearls;
diamonds; either Lombard st. North Beach,
Marb*t-it. cars, C*->w** Theft*-*., l_-_
SAMUELS. 1430 Stockton St.: rewara.
OVAL porcelain miniature breastpin surround-
ed by diamonds; liberal reward. J. F. MO-
ItONEY. 200 Davis st.
LOST— Lady's German sold watch. Market st.
Sept. 4; reward; no questions. 1103 Lagnna,
LOST— On Vallejo. bet. Powell & Stockton
parcel (child's dress). 121 C Folsom; reward.
LOST — A white setter pup; black left ear. Re-
turn to 1426 Mission st.; reward.
LOST — A gold rope necklace. Finder please
return to 1430 Clay st; reward. .
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the,
name of MRS. A. E. DOTON, No. 74-0G9
The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and stiver to make new watch cases.
' UWWJWWW^PJ FTS TO LET.
WELL-LIGHTED loft. 30xC0; rent $«>• suita-
ble for manufacturing bus. 2140-2 Folsom st.
HELP WAie~.P---MA-.-C-— Com.
OPEN TO-DAY,
SUNDAY.
MURRAY ft READY. 634-638 Cay rt.
PHONE MAIN B-4S.
Leading- Etaployment and Labor At •-*_.
1902 WB OAVB 1003 WET LI. OIVB
45.000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
66.7 men wanted TO-DAY for _,„,.
ARIZONA. OREGON.
NEVADA. WD-LITS, UKIAH.
¦ And all points north, east, south on Southern
: Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN. _ ____
SECTION HANDS, MUCKERS, DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamster*. Hammer-men.
MINES, TUNNELS, QUARRIES.
96 miners all over State. $80 and $82 CO. .
165 drillers all over State, $82 50 and $75.
864 laborers and muckers everywhere, $00,
$75 and $82 60.
64 tlmbermen, carmen, furnacemen. $60 to
$90. Z
FRUIT PIC-CERS, $1 FEE. „ M
137 fruit pickers, xnea or boys, $30 to $37 CO
and found, .
BTABLJES. FARMS, ORCHARDS. DA-R-ES.
230 farm and orchard bands, $30, $33. $40 id.
60 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30 to
E50 and found.
6 choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30
to $40 and found.
19 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60 ta.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 M.
12 waiters, city and country, $25 to $43 fd.
16 elevator and bell boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay -t.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
8 slack coopers, 9c
8 cabinet makers.
Cut-off sawyer: 12 boys learn trad**, elty.
86 BLACKEMITH8,
Also many helpers all over California, $50,
$60. $70, $S0, $00 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country;
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavating,
building, etc.; many ln San Francisco; lots to
board home, $2. $2 25, $2 60, $2 75 day; 98
carmen and furnace men, $67 and $73.
S563 positions not advertised.
, Come — See.
Best places at MURRAY _s READY'S.
Biggest Wages at 634-636 CTay rt.
SAWMILLS WOODS.
„„„ . IN 4 STATES.
633 laborers, no experience wanted. $40 to
170 and found.
196 mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
865 WOODCHOPPERS.
287 TIEMAKERS.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50, $60. $70. $80. $90. $100.
$125 to $150 month. .
MURRAY & READY, C34-S36 CTay rt.
SPECIAL— SPECIAL.
TO-DAY.
„ . _. ..ARIZONA— TO-NIGHT.
MARYSVILLE. CHICO. PLACERVILLE.
186 carpenters' helpers. laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help, you go, $82 60. $75,
$67 60. — _
Ibig sawmill. —
8 log loadent. $C5; 2 timber fellers, f SO. v
Band sawyer.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber, }60.
WILLITS-^UKIAH.
IG4 teamsters, laborers, etc.; free fare;
$67 50.
4 coopers, factory work. $3 25 day.
Butcher, wagon Job, fare $1, $35 and found.
Clerk, charge hat department, fare $1, $60.
Head Dolbeer logger. $00.
RESERVOIR WORK.
00 teamsters and laborers, fare $1 23, $G0,
$67 60.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners. Oregon. $.": to $5 day.
—BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE—
• 63 tunnel men 582 50
12 butchers, different Jobs. $30, $35, $40, $60.
$70, $S0 and found.
3 meat cutters, $15 a week.
BEST WAGES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BEST PLACES AT C34-626 Clay at,
— BOARD YOURSELVES—
— $2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK—
IKJ Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians; new work.
155 Auatrlana cr Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians; new work.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
MIDNIGHT ORDERS. "
Grader, sugar pine lumber, $00.
Pipe man, lumber company, $2 CO day.
2 young men, learn leather tanning, $9 week.
LOOK.
Sticker hand, city mill. J4 day.
Butcher, ehoD, faro $1. $45 and found.
FRESNO— FRESNO.
23 woodsmen, fare paid. kkh U3.
NAPA— NAPA.
63 ITALIANS, FREE FARE. $60.
Meat cutters, shop, $13; shop butchers, $2 B0.
155 ITALIANS— FREE FARE.
TO LOS ANGELES AND ARIZONA.
Cooper, factory, 15c fare, $3 25 day.
8 tinsmiths, factory, city. $3 a day.
8 painters, stripe and tetter, $2 60 to $3 day.
Cook, also waiter, Nevada. $50 and $30 fd.
5 laborers, factory, 20c fare, $14 week.
Sheep herder, $30 found..
FREE FARE.
12 laborers. 12 miles away, $C0.
MURRAY & READY. €34 and 63B CTay et.
_______________________ ___
.' NO LOST TIME— WORK EVERY DAY
YEAR ROUND.
FARE— SPECIAL RATE— $5.
65 laborers— YOU CAN DO IT— $6O to $75.
MURRAY & READY, 63 i and 636 Clay st.
WAGES $75. WAGES.
WAGES «S2 CO. WAGES.
33 two-horse, four-horse teamsters, $75.
_9 laborers and muckers, $75.
20 drillers and headermen, $82 60. ¦
Manager here; cost you $1 fee; $1 fee.
THAT'S ALL.
DIAMOND MATCH TRUST.
CHICO. BUTTE CHICO, BUTTE.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
VERY IMPORTANT ORDERS '
8 HOURS— CITY WORK.
12 laborers, call to-day. Sunday $2 day
IN MILL AND FACTORY
6 laborers, 60c fare, no blankets. $2 day.
Teamster, light city wagon. $12 week.
Man break and care colts, fare $1. $23 fd.
MARRIED.
Man and wife, no other woman there. S
cows and chores, wife cook 6 men, 10c fare, j
boss here, $55 found.
TO EUREKA— $2 60.
25 laborers, big lumber company, $60 to $75.
Man cut meat, city Institution. $30 found.
12 young men, city mills and factories, $1 60
day.
Vest, pants and coat makers. 3 men. north.
VERY MURRAY & READY,
IMPORTANT. 634-636 Clay st
~~ CARPENTERS.
C house carpenters, steady. 6 months' Job,
fare 70e. 8 hours. $3 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st>
WANTED — Boy about 17 years old for ship-
ping department Apply to manager before
8:30 a. m.. R. D. DAVIS & CO.. Geary st
and Grant ave.
WANTED — Young man to run electrical eleva-
tor. Call at STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S, 10T
Post st.
$75 PER month and traveling expenses paid
salesman to sell to grocers; experience un-
uecessary. PURITY CO., Chicago.
WANTED — At once, experienced traveling
salesman for California: none other need ap-
ply^
MEN everywhere; good pay; to distribute cir-
culars, adv. matter, tack signs, etc.; no can-
vassing. National Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
BOY about 17. perfume department; $5 start;
steady: advancement Apply 161 First st,
¦ San Francisco.
ENERGETIC youn? man for bill clerk; must
be good at figures; state experience, salary
expected, aee, etc. Box 1CS0. Call.
TAILOR— Bushelman wanted Monday morn-
ing. 8 o'clock; steady position. S. N.
WOOD & CO.
WANTED — In a wholesale dry goods house, an
experienced entry clerk. Address box 16S3,
Call office.
WANTED — In a wholesale house, a strong boy
to run an elevator: references required. Ad-
dress box 16St. Call.
LARGEST commissions ever offered to good
portrait solicitors, male or female. Apply 8XS
Howard pt.
WANTED — Errand-boy, 15 years or over. Ap-
ply H. Llebea & Co.. 137 Post St.. S-S:30a.m.
DETECTIVES — Everywhere, good salary, no
exper. Int'l. Dectectlve Agcy.. Milwaukee.
A NEAT young man for soda fountain at
GRUENHAGEN BROS.. 20 Kearny st
rsm'S wanted. Mutual Label and Lt tnograpn -
ing Company, Second and Bryant ets.
BOY wanted to learn high-grade machinist ¦
trade. Apply 219-221 Main et. .
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tallor.l Call Sunday. 11
to 12. and Monday. A. KAHN. 142 Geary.
JAPANESE man and wife to run shooting gal-
lery. Inquire 318 Grant ave.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper at 1615 Mar-
ket st.
STRONG boy from IS to 20 years of age; state
wages required. Box 1672. Call office.
BOY in picture frame shop to learn trade; call
Sunday. 10 to 12. L. E. Strell, 027 Howard.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. ,»F. PERSON,
• 477 and 4SS Parrott building.
FOR SALE — First-class union barber., shop;
location San Pablo ave.. Oakland. Address
box 831. Call office. Okaland.
MAN wsxited to sell ruffled curtains ln San
Franofsco. JOHN M. II ASS ALL, 7S Bedford
et. Boston, AI a ?*__B92_flH89_fH_l
_ EDIJCATIOyAL-^Coiitlnned.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches i
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; epeclal summer course ln ay depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $30; day end evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 800 Larkln st
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in*
ttrucUon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref., President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
st, S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
tt, near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
FIRST-CLASS piano instruction; monthly re-
citals, harmony and musical history free;
terms moderate. 14 McAllister st. room B7.
PRIMARY pupils wanted, piano and dramatlo
Instruction: terms reasonable; houses visited.
Box 10A. 530 Golden Gate ave^
KENT Law School, day and night; 12th year;
a thorough law course. 654 Parr ott building.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave. ; full business course; day and evening.
SCHOOL Of ILLUSTRATION ..Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine gt... Night claas.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission.nr.6th.
WHISTLING lessons. M GERTRUDE JUDD,
785 Geary Bt.; phone Hyde 933.
"Kingrsland Art Shop" opens Oct 1, cor-
ner Haight and Devlsadero sts.
FINANCIAL. /
4 PER CENT TO 6 PElTcEN? HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School. Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative Investors.
Write for information to
HEAZELTON & CO.,
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building,
San Francisco. Cal.
A CHANCE to Invest $1000 to $10,000 and
doublo your money ln less than one year;
negotiation direct; Investigate. Address 678
Twenty-flrst St.. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; it will sava you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-2-9 Geary
et., en the square. •
NICELY furnished 7-room flat, with piano and
telephope; to rent or ln exchange for a fur-
nished cottage in Marln or Alameda County.
ASHTON & QARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
JONES. 273, near Ellis — New flat of 5 rooms
and bath; rent $50. VON RHEIN R. B. CO..
513 California st.
TWO beautiful sunny flats, 6 and 7 rooms,
large cellar and porch; Just newly renovated.
i 1610 Bush st., nr. Van Ness ave.; rent $32 00.
UPPER two-story flat, eight sunny rooms;
elegant* appointments: magnificent view. 320
Frederick st. ; open Sunday.
ELEGANT new flats; 7 and 8 rooms and bath
each; rent reasonable. 1S08-1S12 Vallejo st,
' near Gough.
HYDE, 841, near Sutter— Elegant modern flat,
10 rooms, 2 baths. McAFEE BROTHERS,
308 Montgomery st.
LARGEST list of new flats and houses; call
for printed list. LYON & HOAG. 110 Mont-
gomery et.
AN elegant new flat, northeast corner McAllis-
ter and Pierce sts.: 8 rooms and attic.
BAKER. 733. bet. McAllister and Golden Gate
— Fine new middle flat. 0 rooms and bath.
BEAVER. C7. half block from Market and
Noc — New 9-room flat. $30.
BRYANT. 321 — Corner; 1 flat of B rooms and
bath. $12. Apply flat "C" on premises. .
! JUNIPER. 33. oft Folsom — 5 rooms and bath,
in fine order. Call Monday.
MODERN- punny, flat, 6 rooms. 10 Waller St.,
facing Duboce Park; rent reasonable.
NEW sunny 5-room flats reduced to $22 50.
2931 Brotlerick Rt. ; key next door.
POST, 1339— Modern new flat. 8 rooms and
bath; eun ln every room.
SCOTT, 132S, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Elegant
sunny new flat; 0 rooms and bath; rent $35.
SIXTH. 12D — Sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
suitable for doctor, dentist or family.
SUNNY flat. 516 Jones st, 7 cozy rooms; gulf-
able for physician or family. >
FLATS TO LET— FlinXISHED.
JACKSON, 1181, corner Jones — Finely furnished
flat of 8 rooms; marine view; $85.
furniture: ¦wanted.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 41C2.
buy?, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal.Aucticn House pays highest prices for fur-
nlture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
HIGHEST price 1 for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, nuctloneer.1818 Mkt.;tel.Howard 2756.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
A PARLOR maid and waitress for Oakland,
$30, see lady here Monday: a German cook
for small German family, $35; a cook and
laundress, American family In city, $30; 4
chambermaids, assist waiting, in city board-
ing-houses and hotels, $20 each; a nurse to
care. for 2 children ln city, $30; a cook for a
priest's -household, $.10; 50 housework girls
for city and country places. $20 to $30. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hajrdresslng,
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at S10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — WOMAN wanted who understands the male-
: ing of ladles' underwear, to act as forelady;
none but -experienced need apply. 650 Mis-
sion st., third floor.
A — LADIES, learn* all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to leorn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish ln 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES 32V4 FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — A middle-aged lady bookkeeper
for livery stable: reference required. Reply
at 957 Mission st. between 9 and 10 o'clock
a. m., Monday, Oct 5, 1003.
LADIES having fancy work to sell — Doilies,
center pieces, Battenbcrg and drawn work
sold on commission; send stamped envelope
to Ladles' Exchange, 31 Monroe st, Chicago.
WANTED— First-class demonstrator; must be
of good appearance; one who understands
.hair goods preferred; state age, . experience
and, salary expected. /Apply box 16S7, Call.
LADIES to 'do piecework at their' homes; we
furnish all materials and pay from $7 to $12
weekly.. Send stamped envelope to Royal Co.,
34 Monroe st, Chicago. . ; .-- . .
ASSISTANT manager large grocery store; state
experience, salary expected. ,. age. etc. / Ad-
dress box 1700. Call office.
$20 A 100 WRITING letters home. Partlcu-
. lars, Eelectric Remedy Co., dept. 101. 235
South Michigan, South Bend. Ind.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady work and
good wages. The ¦ JOHN BOLLMAN CO.,
corner Front and Pacific sts. •. b ,.>\>'
WANTED — Ladles to copy letters homo; $20
:a 100; a..>nd envelope. Pacific Supply Co.,
.Sacramento, Cal. i.
A REFINED woman to assist with housework
and baby; no washlne or windows; wages
$25. 3807 Clay St., cor. Cherry.
$25 * A 100 WRITING letters home; materials
furnished;; no deposit. Woman's Remedy
Co.. dept. B 21. Chicago.
YOUNG girl to do light work; paid by the
day. GANTNER-MATTERN Knitting Mill.
607- Grove st. •
WANTED — Experienced saleslady . for ladles'
¦ neckwear. . > Apply Superintendent's office,
The Emporium. f v
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer;
state experience and references. Address box
1C75. Call office. - .
cnxnicn fervicf.s.
irXRST tJcltefl prw.rUrl_a Oharcn, eon i«r
Oolden Gate av». and Polk «t— Preaching to-
Cay (Sabbath) at 11 a. ra. and 7:80 p. m.
by the pastor. H. H Bell. D. D. Morning
. theme, *'Joy ln Heaven Over Returning Sln-
¦ tiers." Evening th«ne. "Labor and Capi-
tal," first ln series to Working Men. Sab-
bath school 0:45 a. ta.; C. E. societies at
C:80 and 6:30 p. m. Strangers cordially in-
vited to all -erriee*. Pews free. Courteoui
ushers. Come and bring your friend-.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
Jackson and Flllmore sts. — Rev. John Bemp-
J_U. • D. _>.. pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock; sermon topic, "T_e Apostollo Stair-
way." In the evening there will be a praise
mrrvic* with short address by the pastor, be-
* grtnnlng at 1 :20 o'clock. Sabbath school at
»:30 a, m., orchestral muslo. Christian En-
1 Ceavor meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meet-
ing Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. Sacra-
ment of the Lord's Supper will be adminis-
tered at the close of the morning service.
_TRST Baptist Church, Eddy <rt., near Jones—
Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:80 p. m. by
Rev. C-arles J. Hall; toplo, morning.
¦ "C-rt-tlaxtlty la Four Letters''; evening. 'A
Day of Fate." Tbe lord's Supper will be
observed at tie close of the morning service
Bible school. 12:30 p. m. Christian En-
deavor «:30 p. m. The San Francisco Bap-
• tlst Association will hold' its ses-ions in this
-church from the Cth to th« 8th inclusive.
All are cordially welcome to these services.
X^OTARIAN Church (Firrt). S. W. cor. Geary
• and Franklin sts.— Ilev. Bradford LeevUt.
minister. Rev. Bradford Leavltt and Chas.
-."A. Murdock, euyts. of Sunday school. The
junior church and Sunday school are at 10
o'clock. The morning sen-ice Is at 11
• o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt will preachj
subject, "Does the Unitarian Church Pull
Down e._d Not Build Up?" Music by quar-
tet under direction of H. Bretherick, organ-
ist." All are cordially Invited. There is no
evening 6«rvice. Parents may leave call-
Cren ln the kindergarten during service.
"NTTARIAN CTiurch (Second), comer 2Cth and
Cafip rts. (Take Mission or Valencia st.
car ) Rev. Jay William Hudson, minister;
residence 500 Capp st. The Sunday school
meets at 9:45 o'clock; W. C. Maxwell, super- i
lntendent At the morning . service, at 11
o'clock. Rev. Jay William Hudson will
preach on "What the World Owes the Meth-
odists " Music b- orchestra and choir di- (
rected by Jablsh Clement. All -eats free.
No regular evening sen-ice.
TTRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
JMasan sts.— Rev. Georffe C. Adams, D. D..
pastor, will preach at 11 a. ra.; topic, "A
Model Trayer." At 7 :45 p. in., topic. A
Man That Is en Ho-seni/lder." All are oor-
.lal'.y Invited.
THIRD Congr*^atlon«l Church, Fifteenth st.,
»e_r Miesion— Rev. Wllliaxa Rader, peator,
•will preach et both services; 11 a. m.. "Sorae
Things We Take With r» Icto the Future";
7:S0 p. m.. "Dlsficured Faces." i
PLTMOTTH Cor.jrre£_Uonal Church. Post rt.,
. near Webster— Rev. I. C. Meserve. D. D.,
pastor. Morning worship at 11, preceded by
Bun_ay -school at 9:30. C. E. meeting at 6:4$
p. in. * Evening worship at 7:45. The pastor
will preach both morning and evening. Musio
1 "by a quartet choir. The people are welcome.
6IMPBON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephen*, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. The monthly I
praise service will be held ln the evening.
Fine programme of polos, duets, trios and
choruses; I. E. Blake, director. Sunday-
echool at 12:00 p. m.; C. B. Perkins, superin-
tendent. Erworth League at 6:30 p. ci.; Dr.
Moody, president.
TRINITY Church corner Bush and Gough sti. !
— Rev, Frederick W. Clampett. D.D.. rector.
• ' Holy communion. 7:30 a, m. ; Sunday school,
S:30 s, m.;, morning service and holy com-,
rnunion. 11 "o'clock, eerr aon by the rector;
people's one liour service et 8 p. m.. ser-
rncn by Right Rev. W. n. Moreland; sub-
ject "How to Preserve One Day of Rest
for the American People." You are heartily
Invited. «
FIRST O.urch of Christ, Scientist. Central
block 223 Sutter 6t.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.-U^hrtstlan Science eervlc* at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson-sermon. "Are Sin, Disease
and Death Real?" Sunday school for chil-
dren at the same hour; Wednesday evening
meeting at 8 o'clock: free reading room, 206
Kearny et., rooms t.09-510; all are welcome.
'A GRAND union mass meeting for men only
wiil be held to-day at the Your.g Men's Chris-
tian Association, Mason tnd Ellis sts. Rev.
H. H. Hell will speak. Music by a large or-
chestra. General Secretary McCoy's social
Bible class will follow the een-lce. Beats
free.. All men Invited.
THE Theoeorhieal Society — Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott Preeidert-Founder. Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock in Golden Gate Hall, C_5
Sutter et., by Charles W. Leadbeater of
London; subject, "Claln-oyance." Admis-
sion. 23 cents.
HERMETIC Brotherhood. 509 Van Ness ave. —
Open metir-r Thursday evening. S o'clock;
topic, "The Essentials of Religion," Will C.
Bailey. M. P.. Ph.D. .
MCETISGS— SCXDAV.
MME YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night. 10c. C19 McAllister Ft.; come, skep-
tics; all private readings daily. 7C0 Central
eve., near Webster St.. AJameda; narrow
gauge.
A— $2. $2. $2— A
PP.OF FRED EVANS, noted psychic, for
slate writing and cla'.n-oyance; limited In-
terviews or readings, $2. 1112 Eddy at
_V TESTS, Front Hall. 00» Market. 11 a. m..
free subject. "Revelations"; 2 and 7:30, Dr.
J. W. Cowan, Prof. W. S. Gray of Denver,
Mr. Wilson. Mrs. Waltroan. 10c.
ATTENTION! — To-night, 909 Market St., Ka-
tie Heussmann's Inspirational meeting free;
circle Friday evenings, 1000 Harrison; sit-
tings dally.
MME. EEXLET. In spirit costume; grand flow-
er test meeting; good music; Friendship
Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg. 8 p. m.; adm. 10c.
MRS. EBERH ART'S spiritual test meeting to-
night. 8 o'clock eharp. 10c. 3250 Twenty-
second St.. between Mission and Valencla.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's evening circle to-
night. 10c; psychic readings. 00c. $1. 14S Cth.
MRS. BTODDARD'S Beances. 10c; tests of rec-
ognition to all: Sun., Tues. ;slt. dally. 27S 9th.
KATIE HUESSMANN*. 009 Market, Colanthe
Hall; spiritual meeting to-night, admls. free.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit dally; teft to all every night; 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-right,
8 o'clock, 1084 Bush. Phone Larkln 4133.
EARLE will positively hold his marvelous
seance to-nicht. 1052 Ellis st; 25c. ' :¦:'
SISPAV IiECTL'IlfiS.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAICS free lecture this
evening. Crystal Hall. Pjthian Castle, 909
Market St.; subject, "Echoes, Past and Pres-
ent," followed by views of To and Fro in
London; free tickets will be distributed for
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tues. evg.;
• remember the question box; Epeclal music.
DR. ALEXANDER J. McIVOR-TYNDALL of
London talks to-nisht at Strinway Hall, 223
Futter rt.. upon "The Elixir of Life," fol-
lowed with experiments in psychological phe-
' Tiomir.a; private clashes upon psychical and
mental srifnc every evening this week. 494
Parr ott building.
6WAMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver his tenth
lectura to-nicht. on "The Theory of Crea-
tion," 8 o'clock: a_mls?lon 25c; he also lec-
• turcs on the Gita overy Monday ni^ht. admis-
sion 50c, 3 tickets $1. 40 Steiner St.; Ve-
. danta Society. '
• O. N. ORLOW will deliver interesting lecture
in Golden Gate Ha!l (upstairs). C29 Sutter Et.
This ?'x-enlng at 8 o'clock Fharp; subject,
"Clr.ln-oyn.nce and Electricity."
Good msic end singing. '•Admission Is free.
•'MARY MACLAIN. Story of a Soul's Awak-
ening," 11 and 7:30. Thaddros Frlti of For-
ward Movement, Occidental Hall, Larkin and
McAllister Ets. .
"NOW" lecture — Henry Harrison Brown, "Mu-
nicipal Ownership Relative to the Geary-
street Road." Odd Fellows'- bldg.; 8 p. m.
sharp.
••WHAT U Darwinism T' Arthar Morro--
- Lewis. London. Odd Fellows' bl_g.. Seventh
and Market sts.. 8 p. m.
HORIZON LECTURES BT^ EDWARD 5!
PAYNE every Sunday. 3 p m.. Odd Fellows'
building.
DR. PAYNE'S hypnotic entertainment 317
V Powell st.. twiy Sunday evening; 10 cents.
. WEETIXG AOTICKS.
PAST members of KnI— trbocker >gj_pu-v
F.r.jrinp Co. No. X, will meet THIS ;ftS&_i x
AFTERNOON at 3 o'clock at the V_f__V
Veteran Firemen's rooms to arrange for
their nfty-third anniversary dinner.
THOMAS J. MACAULEY. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission. having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from George Wiert in Magnolia mine.
. near Georgetown, El Dorado County, CaL,
. -raining into Otter Creek, which reaches
' Middle Fork of American River, and from J.
¦ J. Hoffmann and T. M. Browne, ln William
' Jloush & Co.'s mine near Forest Hill, Placer
i County, Cal., draining Into Volcano Canyon
Creek, which reaches Middle Forte of Ameri-
can River, gives notlc* that meeting will be
lield at room 90. Flood buiidlng. Ean Fran-
cisco, Cal.. Oct 19. 1903, at 1:30 p. ra.
BTOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — Notice is bere-
by given that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of The Bank of California will
! be beld at tbe banking house ln this city on
< TUESDAY. October 13. 1903. at 11 o'clock
a. tn. By order of the board of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretarj.
MEETIKO KOTICES-— Centlnaed. .
PACIFIC Lodge Na 188, T. and A. M.. O^
Masonic Temolt. will meet to attend
the funeral of our late brother, DA- /? \
"VTD STEVENS. of Taimarnock,
Lo_r». eootland. THIS SUNDAY at 1:80 p.
to. Funeral committees are Invited.
GEORGES PENLINQTON, Secretary. -
CONCORDIA Lodge No. 122, L O. , iS !jB=_H ?v
O. F. — The members of the fan-
eral committee are hereby notl- ? K_^£f$&!3?
Ced to assemble at Odd Fellows' '^WC^'
Hall MONDAY. October 6. at 1:80 p. m., to
attend the funeral of our deceased brother,
AUGUST KROGER. By order of the N. G.
WILLIAM MEYER, N. O.
CHARLES ROEBER. Rec. Sec
ALTA Lodge No. 203. I. O. O. F.
— Initiation MONDAY. Oct °- «___SJ>3___
All members requested to attend. *<£3s|iS?!p^
Visitors welcome. *"»7
ALFRED VOLIGNY. JCdbl- Grand.
B. F. LEDFORD. Rec. Sec. §
THE San Frar.cleco Scottish Tnistl* v it,
Club will hold its 22d annual Hal-~^u Qv/j
loween ball. FRIDAY EVENING*
October 30. 1903, at Lyrlo Hall. **__**
119 Eddy at Everybody weleoma. A gala
time assured to all. Good music. Grand
march at fi:30 p. m. Admission < payable at
door), 25 cents. Hat and cloak rooms at dis-
posal of guests. '
GEORGE W. Mn__ER, Royal Chlof.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
THE California Debris Commission' having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulio
process from Middle Yuba Mining Company.
In La Mlna del Diablo mine, near Sierra
City Sierra County. Cal.. draining Into ra-
vine which drains into Middle Yuba River:
from South Tuba Mining and Development
Company In Melster mine, near Emigrant
Gap Placer County Cal.. draining Into Dia-
mond Creek which reaches Yuba River; from
Toy Kee ln Falrplay mine, near Scales,
Pluraae County Cal.. draining Into Rock
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no-
tlce that meeting will ¦ be held at room 06,
Flood building, San Francisco. Cal.. Octo-
ber 12. 19O3. at 1:80 p. m.
AGEXTS WANTED.
$1 00 PER HOUR and upward POSITIVE. The
manufacturers of the BEST, most attractive
and RAPID BELLING ladles' and men's
dress shoe known desire men and women
demonstrators everywhere. Ten NE\\. re-
markable sight selling health and comfort
features: original selling- plan; possibilities
unlimited. NO RI6K. Write to-day.
Kushlon Komfort Shoo Co.. 1165 Market st..
Ban Francisco. CaL
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
ethers; we start you in profitable mall order
business at your home: pleasant work; im-
mense profits; unlimited possibilities; full In-
formation for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARP CO.. Denver. Colo. __
AGENTS make 500 per cent profit selling
"Novelty Bign Cards"; merchants buy 10 to
100 on eight: 800 varieties; catalogue free.
SULLIV^LN CO., 1139 Maplewood ave., Chl-
cago. lit. ________________________
AGENTS— An. agency for a proposition that is
& decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Co.. Parrctt bldg.
LADY agents everywhere; a moneymaker;
write for terms; camples free. SHEPHERD
MFG. CO.. Ml Liberty st. Plttsburg. Pa,
$32 A WEEK salary and expenses for men
with rigs to sell poultry compound. Imperial
Mfg. Co.. dept. 54. Parsons. Kans.
WE employ ladies or gentlemen. Useful ar-
ticle. Great seller. Free sample. Bonlta
Mfg. Co., Wooster, O.
NATIONAL Trio sells for 20c to 9 out of 10
persons. EMITH & CO., box 1538. Provl- ¦
dence. R. I. — .
MAN In every town to sell nickel ln slot
machines. Box 834. Call office, Oakland.
ATTO RXE Y S- AT-L AAV.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market st. offices 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Any one can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Law" the party '
advertising is net a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE !
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. 85. 810 Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
ants ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
. tlons attended v°; attachments; corporations ,
organized; civil and criminal practice.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law, Examiner bid.,
room 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
1 ADVICE free — I will advance cost ln meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
Ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 3L
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 300-10-11. '
Clunle bldg.. 503 California st; tel. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson, 927 Market
DIVORCE — Costs, $12; quick, quiet; open even-
lngs. 027 Market St.. room COJ.
BUILDING TO LET.
BRICK building In wholesale district, 19,000
square feet floor space, to lease for long term;
additional 6tory if desired; will put ln order
to suit tenant. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st
520 EARNS $1000 IN ONE MONTH.
Thl* represents average profit for past ten
months; no oil wells, gold mines, grain or
stocks; a straightforward honorable business
proposition, coming from an established cor-
poration with $100,000 capital; National
Bank refs.: write for particulars. Star &
Crescent Co., 226-228 La Salle st, Chicago.
TURF speculators — We will furnish to a few
reliable Darties Inside winning Information
on one or two sure propositions dally; terms,
$2 daily or $10 weekly; we back this informa-
tion with our cash: free If not as represented. '
Tel. 2335 Har. LOUIS STERN & CO., Ta-
coma building, Chicago.
FOR SALE — Furniture, carpets and good will,
new brick apartment house of 175 rooms, in
city's swellest locality; partly furnished; al-
though Just opened ln over half-filled with
regular tenants already: long lease; If you
want apartment house don't fall to get par-
ticulars of this at rooms 1404-1405, Call bldg.
i BRANCH bakery; biggest snap ever offered;
receipts $10 dally; books will prove this; rent
$14; three living rooms; price $200. Please
call and examine our large list of branch
bakeries and candy stores. Western Realty
Co.. 1007H Market et.. room 1.
BRANCH bakery, grocery and notion store;
established 8 years; good location; low renl.
MONTGOMERY & TILLEY. 105 Telegraph
ave., Oakland.
! $SOCO— ONE of the best country hotels ln Call-
fornla; profits over $100 monthly clear guar-
anteed; cause, slcknses. THE ALDEN CO.,
111S Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Partner with capital for ladles' re-
. tail cloak and putt house; store rented in
lirst-class location: good chance for right
man. Box 1C76, Call.
MORNING paper route for sale; between 500
and COO papers; bargain. Box 833. Call
office. Oakland.
STATIONERY, notions, dry goods, candy; liv-
ing rms.; rent $15; cheap. 1145 Valencia St.
$1050 BUYS to-day paying corner saloon;
Market' st. ; rent $40. Coast. 7S3% Market
J1000 — PARTNER: must drive team. Oakland
Poftofflce box 270.
WANTED — Druggist with $1000 cash; good op-
portunity. Ecx 1688, Call office.
$S0O— HALF Interest ln soda works ln good
country town; remaining partner good, steady
man. 145 Fifth st
FOR sale — Bakery; good cash business; kept
by present owner 12 years; cheap. Call. 350
Duncan st.. corner Sanchez.
BAKERY— Fine location ln Rio Vista: good
baker will do well. Address DAN . Mc-
GRAUGH. Rio Vista, Cal.
HOTEL, furniture and bar fixtures for sale ln
pood mining catnn ln Nevada Co. For par-
tlculars Inquire at 1157 Howard st. S. F.
FOR sale — Restaurant: any reasonable offer
accepted: established 15 years. 1759V4 Mission.
LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140... $4000
58 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. _00«>
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good income; rent $20.... 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 050
J20 rooms; good lease: low rent C300
67 rms.; apartments ; Western Add. ;rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouees, flats. 5 to 100 rooms. .
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny Bt.
PKTEHSEN REALTY CO., 1035 Market st.
$2200— Modern 27-room house; steady and
transient; carpets and furniture first class;
tarpaln for a few days.
Z'JZOO — 36-room corner house; 2 floors; well
equipped; fine location; snap; acct departure.
$450—11 ROOMS. Fourth st. near R. R.; rent
$30. MOSSMAN. Examiner bldg.. room 411.
FOR sale at a barrain; 8-room boarding-house;
all full; Price $350. 1031 McAllister st
FOR sale— $1100; good transient house; 15
rooms; rent $S5. 7 Grant ave.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cente— The Weekly Call.
IC paces, ln wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year;
United States cr Canada one year for $_,
yiAAi-.-u-.r- -- gpiniT ? AJLISM *r .;...;.-,
A— $2 00. $2 00. $2 00. A—
Prof. Fred Evans, noted psychlo for elate-
wrtting 1 and clairvoyance; limited interview!
cr readings, $2. 1112 Eddy st, nr. Octavla.
READ en page S3 of ISMAR, The Gypsy's,
wonderful work.
PROF. Fred P. Evani, noted psychlo for elate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy Bt, nr. Octavlat phone Scott 8S7.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
8:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
ELLIS. 328— Ethel Crindle. materializing se-
anoo Sunday eve., 50c; 8 o'clock. ¦
CLAIRYOYAXTS.
MY Regular $3 Readings This Week For
|1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband, . wife
or sweetheart Is true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; ln fact, I
will tell you every hope, fear or ambition
better than you can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach the
hlghect possible development In mental vigor,
health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth: so you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 a. ra, to S
p. m. ; Sundays. 2 to 8. 320 OTagall _t. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, r.veals the
present happiness and 'portrays events to
occur ln the future; If you are tn trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice ln all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction fruaranteed; read-
Ings by mall. Tel. Black 45<g>. ¦
ISMAR. the Egyptian pypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Et, oor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; rf-dings by mall as satisfac-
tory as ln person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
ALL eecrets. names dates, changes. Journeys,
love, marriage divorce, past, future, pros-
pects, speculations, mining, lawsuits, every-
thing truthfully revealed or $700 forfeited;
lucky charms free; also magnetism, clairvoy-
ants mediums developed free. Consult MISS
WARD great Egyptian princess; fee 50c, no
higher, office or by letter. 413 Mason; no sign
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond eight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 5Ce; gents, $1: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant pitting; $1 50. 126 Turk Bt.
MRS. A. H. ICror.enberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
READ on page 82 of ISMAR the Gypsy's won-
derful work.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; L. 60c: G. $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.av.
MME WALTERS, great card reader;ladles 25c,
others fall; call on this celebrated medium;
satisfaction or no pay. 413 Mason st.no sign.
FREE! FREE — Your fortune told. Send birth
date and 3 2-cent stamps. DR. BEST, 144
D. 605. Chicago.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MME WALTERS great card reader;ladles 25e.
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. Cth; open Sun.
MRS BROWN clairvoyant, card reader; ladlea
[ 25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city,
261,4 Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c; •gents_60c.
MME, MARSEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c; hours 1-9. 545 Minna.
MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader.
C55B Minna st., bet. 7th and 8th.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladles 25c, gents 50c; no sign. 413 Mason 6t
MRS. EHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tlngs daily. 448Vj Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET nEATIXCAXP^CI^TBA^VIIVG-
AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO., Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works, "55-357 Tehama st|; tel. South 40.
SMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co. ;*A1 work guar-
* anteed, 3c. 1S43 15th gt. ; phone Capp 1551.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison st; Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero St.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over.1432 Howard;South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. VTALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 120.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room3 9-10: tel. 55S0
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
aliments of the feet cured; corns.bunions.etc.
I COTTAGES TO LET.
j SUNSET district— Newly built cottage. C
rooms unfurnished, or 7 rooms furnished;
bath, stable, chicken house, laundry, large
garden; cheap. 14S0 Tenth ave..- nr. K at.
FURNISHED cottage, 114 HawthoA>. nr. Fol-
som, bet. 2d and 3d; 5 rooms, bath; $.10.
$16 — COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath; no chil-
dren; references. 2136 Union st.
DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 '^arket~stt«
cor. Fourth,' room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teeth without plates
our specialty; gold crowns, $3 50 up; plates,
$4 50 up, extraction free; office hours, 8
a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der, the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when .plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set ;. extracting. 50c; gas givea.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $0 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5: full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ccr.Bush—
Set teeth $1 50 tip: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c. 1
GOLD fllllncn, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no 1
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewRt.-Ol Sutter.
dressjmai-ers axp seamstresses
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school
Will fit you for business.
Will give you practical course in full.
Will teach you to cut, baste, fit and finish.
Will give you tho leading system of cutting.
Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market st.
' McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst A knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYEIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. II. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL,.
THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conducts a night school for men,
an engineering school, an evening law school,
a working boys' night school and a day busi-
ness and academic school. Students - have
¦ gymnasium and ether privileges. . Apply at
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis sts. .
SHORTHAND ln 30 days; Boyd's Syllabic; no
ruled lines; no shading; nothing .to confuse;
only 9 characters; easily read; study by
mall; circulars, testimonials and first lesson
covering Yt the course for two 2-cent stamps.
Chicago Correspondence Schools, Incorpo-
rated. 62 National Life Bldg., Chicago, 111.
MRS GRUNDIES WEILER. surviving widow
of 'late RICHARD WEILER, having been
left penniless since the death of her hus-
band, is in urgent need of work: lessons
given ln German, French. Spanish, at her
residence. 8S0 Post st.
ENGLISH actress will coach ladles and chil-
dren for stage .at $5 per month during 1303;
r&re cnp mtf t "' r **°°» Call<
EI'ANISH,Ffy5a).etc.Prof.DoFlllrpn'H Academy
of LanguageSi~P) Post ;estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
HELP^WAirra^FEILM ; E--<O-.
WANTED — For country towns^ — Girl. . ln fam-
ily, housework, San Rafael, $23; housework,
4 adults for Belvedere, $25; Redwood City,
6 In family, $80; German girl for housework,
6 ln family, for Eureka, $25; housework girl
for Calistoga, $25; Berkeley, 2 ln family,
$23; Berkeley, 6 ln family, $25; girl, house-
work, for nloe family of 3 to go to Modesto.
$30 and fare paid; housework, 8 ln family.
Mill Valley, $25; Alameda. $25. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Butter at,
i WANTED — For city and country — Nurse, 2
children, San Rafael, $25; German nursery
governess, $30; nurse girl, 2 grown children,
$25; 2 nurse girls. $16. Apply to J. F.
. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
WANTED— For traveling— Young girl, blonde,
stress, $25i second girl. 5 adults. $25; second
girl and plain sewing, $25; second girl. 2 in
family, $_6; second girl, Jewish family of 3.
$25; second girl, 4 In family, $25; second
girl, Alameda, $20; second girl, wash table
linen, $25. Apply to J. F. CROSBTT & CO.,
834 Butter st
WANTED— For traveling— Young firl, blond,
not over 20 years old. to travel with lady,
?^-.c.' w^SS and expenses. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 834 Sutter st
WANTED — For country — Parlor maids and
waitress for near Ban Rafael, $30. see lady
Monday forenoon ln our office) second girl
for Belvedere. $30; parlor maid and waitress
for nice family, Burllngame. $30; also cham-
bermaid and seamstress for same family.
$25; see lady Monday forenoon; parlor maid
and waitress for Colusa. $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Four country — Waitress for coun-
try hotel, $23, Contra Costa County; pantry
girl, country restaurant.. $20; chambermaid
and waitress, country hotet. Alameda County
$26. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Butter st .
WANTED— For city— Waitress for family
boarding-house, $20; waitress, some chamber
work, worklngmen's hotel, $20; waitress,
restaurant, $S a week; pantry girl, $20; pan-
try girl and keep things clean for orphanage,
$25; chambermaid and waitress, small fam-
ily boardlng-houae, $20; chambermaid, wait
one meal, family hotel, $25. Apply to J. F
CROSETT & CO.'. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— For country— First-class cook, no
washing, $35, for near San Rafael; see lady
Monday. Call J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter ct
I WANTED— For city— Cook, small sanitarium,
$30, help In kitchen. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 834 Butter st.
WANTED — For country — Second girl near Oak-
land, 4 ln family, $25; also for Belvedere,
$25; second girl for Mare Island. $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
WANTED— 2 laundresses for country institu-
tion, $20 each; 2 laundresses for city institu-
tion. $25. Apply to J, F. CROSETT & CO.,
834 Sutter «t.
WANTED— For city— 18 cooks, no washing, $30
and $35; 14 cooks, plain washing, $30; 10
girls for housework in American families.
J25 and $30; 28 girls for housework ln Jewish
families. $23. Ap.ly to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 834 Sutter at.
WANTED— Stock girl for cloak and suit de-
department. Apply to manager before 9 a.
m.. R. D. DAVIS & CO., Geary it. and
Grant ave. •
WANTED — Assistant manager for house fur-
nishing goods store; must be up to date;
state age. experience and salary expected.
Apply box 3502. Call office. -^
GOOD girl for cooking and housework and as-
sist in care child; two adults, one child in
family; six-room flat; good wages to com-
petent help; call mernlngs. 1520 Larkin st.
WANTED — First-class millinery trimmers and
makers. Call Sunday between 2 and 4 p. m.,
084 Gutter st.
BUSINESS woman for responsible traveling po-
sition; must furnish reference and security.
Box 1210, Call.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
ray. e50 Mission st, third floor.
A — OPERATORS on children - s woolen dresses
and coats. 656 Mission St.. third floor.
GIRL, plain cooking, light housework; $23. 1214
Eddy st.
CAPABLE girl. 0 to 12 mornings; light house-
work. 1323 Fell st.
WANTED— Helpers at dressmaking. Call Sun-
day, 1015A Clay st.
EXPERIENCED operators on flannel gowns.
1157 st.
EXPERIENCED talloress on fine vests. 423
Natoma st.
WANTED — A good girl for cooking; references.
Apply 1918 Sacramento St., bet. 0 and 12.
TRUSTWORTHY woman to manage a busi-
ness out of the city. Box 16S3. Call office.
TAILOR. ROOS BROS.. Kcarny at Post.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman as working
housekeeper; 2 in family. €22 Natoma et.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for candy store;
steady. 1400 Polk st. Call after 10 a. m.
WAIST, skirt and sleeve hands; also Improvers.
MULRONET, 110 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework and plaia cooking.
42 Stanley place, bet. First and Second sts. ¦
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 473 Parrott building.
FUR liners: best pay; only first-class need
apply. M. H. ROBINSON. 405 Geary st
WANTED — Girl for general housework; small
family; gocd .wages. 1323 Masonic ave.
i-tRLS wanted — Mutual L. & L. Co., Second
and Bryant: Bryant st. entrance; box dept.
GIRL to print In photo gallery. TONKIN'S,
1227 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on men's custom coats;
steady work; high wages. 533 Natoma st
WANTED — Experienced stenographer; one who
Is familiar with the Smith Premier type-
writer. Apply between 0 and 11 a. m., at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class demonstrator for hair
goods. Apply at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Good pants finishers; good wages.
Apply at once. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary st.
GIRLS about 18 for factory work: good wage-
Apply at ence, AMES _¦ HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento St.
OPERATORS to work on gloves; steady;
wages. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
TWENTY teachers Immediately for California
and Arizona schools. 51S Parrott building.
WANTED — Firet-class waist, skirt and coat
hands. J. BAER, 1200 Geary st.
WANTED — Girl do cooking and general house-
work; refs. Apply mornings, 1709 Baker st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg., city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia street.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
60 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON, GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK. .
¦ 109 laborers, $2 a day. "
We Ship Daily on AH Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
6 coal miners, 6-foot vein, $1 a ton.
BUTTE COUNTY. DIAMOND MATCH CO.
FEE $1. CHICO. SHIP TO-DAY.
Half Fare, $2 80. Fee $1.
25 teamsters. $75 a month.
20 drillers. $2 50 a day. '
"100 laborers, trackmen, woodchoppers and
.right of way men, $2 25 a day.
OREGON. FREE FARE.
76 Greek and Italian laborers. $2 to $3 a day.
HUMBOLDT CO.
23 laborers, $2 • to $3 a day; fare advanced
and half fare $2 50.
MENDOCINO CO. ' FREE FARE.
7 mill and yard men, $30 and board.
12 laborers for R. It.. $2 a day.
Watch our ads Monday.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
WANTED — Foreman., single * man, to take
charge of a gentleman's country place with-
in 50 miles of San Francisco; must be ca-
pable of handling men and accounts and to
supervise dairy, chicken raising and all other
, departments; state age, wages expected and
references. Address Foreman, 421 Market
: • St., San Francisco.:- r ..
A YOUNG man to tend bar and work around
. country hotel. $35 and found, references nec-
essary; a. second butler for private family,
.one.wlllinc to learn will do, but must have
. references, $35 and found. MISS PLUNK-
KTT,. 425 Sutter st, near Powell. Office not
open Sundays.
EARNEST working salesmen and saleswomen
make $150 a month at our high-class work;
representatives wanted everywhere; call or
write for particulars. : . Pacific Registry Com-
pany. 414 .Examiner building.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced recelv-
: Ing : and : shipping clerk.' ' Apply with "refer-
ences to manager. R. D. DAVIS & CO., cor-
; ner . Geary , st. : and : Grant ave. ...
WANTED— A salesman for ' furniture depart-
. ment ; large ' store ; state experience and sal-
ary expected. Apply box IOCS. Call office.BRITISH BARK NTVELJJE, .WHOSE CAPTAIN IS ENDEAVORINO TO
SECURE A CREW WITHOUT PAYING THE BLOOD MONEY DE
MANDED BY SAILOR BOARDIN G-HOUSE KEEPERS.
FROM SEATTLE. "
Steamer. For. j Bags.
Dolphin Skagway A Way Ports. Oct. a
Berth* Valde* * Way Ports.. Oct. T
City Seattle.. Skagway Sl Way Ports. Oct. «
Oregon Noms Oct. 10
City Topeka. . Skagw.y tt Way Ports. Oct. 13
Farallon Skagway tt Way Ports. Oct. 14
Cottage City. Ekagway & Way PortsiOct. 1*
Santa Ana Cooks Islet ft Way Pts.lOct. IK
Nome City . . . .Cooks Inlet ft Way PtS-iOet. 22
An exciting race took place yesterday morn
ing between two of the Italian crab launches,
the Campedollo and the Palelmo.\ The boats
have recently been refitted with new gasoline
engines. The course was from Meiggs wharf
out and around the Fort Point buoy, a distance
of fourteen miles. . The Campedollo ..won. by
naif a boat's length and' Captain Napoll won
the bet of $40. y3___M_
Exciting Race.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. October 3.
Stmr Ruth, Reed. 46 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, -60 hours from Coos
Santa, Cruz, Gielow, 38 hours from Port
Stmr Gualala. Johnson, 11 hours from Flsh
ermans Bay. •
Bark Mary L Cushlng, Balch. 116 days from
Newcastle. Aus, via Auckland 57 days.
Bark Star of Bengal, Henderson, 19 days
from Honolulu.
Bark Olympic, Evans, • 21 days from Hono
lulu. ' • ' ¦ ' • - , *•
Bktn Archer. Calhoun, 22 days from Hono
lulu. -¦¦¦¦¦¦
The cabin passengers were G. CurtopassI, J.
E. Welch. T. J. McClinchy. H. H. Cloyt, S.
Merrill, M. C. Little, T. Burke, Charles Du
mare, E. Xofdal, J. Uhllp, G. Manning, A.
Hansen. N. P. Carlson, A. Anderson, f. H.
Kllnp. E. Roehnerr F. Mohnnann. J. Tehltru
han. C. Licardle, F. de OJeda. L. S. Swan. G.
Euganla, F. Olvido. R. J. Marston. W. S. Har
mon and F. C. Whaley. C
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company's New
port sailed at noon yesterday for New York
via Panama, She carried, besides her cabin
passengers, twenty in the steerage and twelve
Chinese. She took 2C50 tons of freight, which
included 2000 barrels of wine and 200 tons of
lead for New York and 700 tons of flour des
tined for Central American ports.. ¦
Newport Sails for New York.
The steamer Newport sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at ?15i,2ii3, and dis
tributed as follow*: For Central America*
$34,076; Mexico, $703; Colombia, $1119; New
York. $110,830; Peru. $501; Jamaica, $30J;
Hamburg, $1000; London. $0104. The leading
exports were as follows:
To Central America — 2511 bbls flour, 2532
gals 72 cs wine, 29 pkgs drugs and sundries,
36 ca canned goods, 40 cs whisky, 2 casks beer,
4 cs 26 gala brandy, 1707 lbs tea. 85 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, S353 lbs spices, DOO lbs
raisins, 12 pkgs paste, f2.S01 lbs rice, 62 pkgs
onions. 264 pkga potatoes. 89 pkgs fresh fruits,
5 cs salad oil, 10 cs soap, 11 cs salmon, 110S
lbs meal. 131S lbs dried fruit. 1C80 lbs cod
fish, 1705 lbe lard, 50.000 lbs salt. IS lbs ham
and bacon, 27 pkgs dry goods, 25 pkgs machin
ery, 22 colls rop*. 11 Pkgs electrical supplies,
320 lr« bread, 5 drums palm oil, 27,010 lbs
tallow, 122 kegs white lead, 137 pkgs paints
and oils, 8 bales bans, 333 cs coal oil, 50 sks
coke, 80,000 lbs cement, 5 pkga leather, 15
pkgs nailB, 15,040 lba malt. 4C37 lbs grease.
4000 lbs 6Ulphur, 27 bdls 136 pes pipe, 2000
bricks, 1500 lbs saltpeter. 12 bdls shooks. 40
bbls tar. 25 ca candles, 10 bdls wire, 1 flask
quicksilver, 64 bdls oars, 27 bdls Iron.
To Mexico — 10o cs canned salmon. 1S00 ft
lumber. 3 cs drugs. 1 drum acid.
To Colombia— fiO bbls flour. 145 crts garlic,
100 crta potatoes, 205 crts > onions, 640 lbs
lard, 5 cs fresh fruit. 376 lbs beans, 220 lbs
bread
To New York— 114.340 gals wine. 1000 flasks
Quicksilver, 17,020 lbs dry hides, 3884 pigs
lead, 72 bbls . shells, CO bale* Junk, 6 bales
rubber packing.
To Peru — 18 pkgs S drugs.
To Jamaica — 88 cs canned salmon and 0 ca
canned fruit. . r
To Hamburg — 88,667 lbs prunes. : I
To London — 01 bbls shells.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The French bark Duplelx cleared for Queens
town for orders on Friday with SC.145 ctla bar
ley valued at $60,306, 8964 ctls wheat valuad
at $13,(21 a'nd 22.0CO ft lumber dunnage val
ued at $330.
The French bark Jacobsen was cleared yes
terday for Ipswitch, England, with 54.4S3 ctl<
barley, valued at $65,378, and 11.260 ctls
wheat, valued at $15,4,90. The bark carried
23,000 ft lumber as dunnags, valued at $345.
Two Grain Cargoes for Europe.
TO 3AH_
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 4.
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... 1 pm Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. B am Pier 1»
Corona HumboMt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Ben ita Newport Way Pts. ft am Pier is
October B.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am PUr :»
October tt.
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Piar 13
S. Barbara. ix>« Angeles Port*. 10 am Pier t
• October 7. |
Czarina.... coos Bay direct... 12 mjPler 9
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pmjpter 2
Arctic Humboldt 10 am. Pier lu
Iaqua Humboldt. 9 am Pier _
Centralla.. Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm.PJer lu
Pomona Humboldt l:3O p Pier 9
Doric China, & Japan 1 paj|Pier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Port* 10 am Pier 13
S. Portland. A ,toria & Portland S pm Pier 2
Argo E e i Rivtr Ports... 4 pen Pier 2
October a \
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 8 pmPier 16
State of Cal gan Diego tt Way. ft am Pier la
Coos Bay... Saa Pedro & Way. 8 aa Pier ls»
Ventura Svndey & Way Pt*. 2 pm Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier »
Oetober 91 ¦
Newburg-- Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
O. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 3
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 12 m Pier 13
October 1O.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 prn Pltr 3
Columbia... Astoria St Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Para. . N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
October 11.
J. Dollar. . . Seattle ft Tacoma. 10 am Pier S
Oetober 12.
N. Fork Humboldt 3 pm Pier 2
Oetober 13.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pl«r 9
October It /
Rival Wlllapa Harbor. ... 4 pra Pier t
* October 15.
N Mara... China * Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
California-. Xew York 3 pm Pier 23
The British bark Cloch was cleared yester
day for Melbourne with 36,307 ctls barley,
valued at $52,009, and 308,088 ft lumber, val
ued at $12,3*_a. The vessel also had 14,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $224.
Grain and Lumber for Australia.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
¦ The French bark Rene, now at Portland, was
chartered prior to arrival for wheat thence
to Europe at 22s tkl, with option of Cape
Town at 23s 0d.
The German shlD Llta Is chartered for lum
ber from Hastinrs Mills to Sydney at 2Gs 3d:
The Austrian steamer Kobe will load lum
ber and merchandise at Portland for Japan.
China and Calcutta.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Dim.
Redondo San Pedro .....(Oct. 4
Iaqua Humboldt Oct. 4
Arctic... Humboldt Oct. 4
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 4
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 4
New-bur* Grays Harbor Oct. S
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria. |Oct. 3
San Mateo Tacoma |Oct. 8
Amo. E«l River Ports |Oct. S
Nevadan Honolulu lOct. i
State of Cal.. San Diego £ Way Pta. Oct. S
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.fOct. 5
Nippon Maru. China A Japan 'Oct. ft
Czarina Coos Bay Oct. -9
Pomona Humboldt Oct. .' • 5 ;
Tellus 1 Oyster Harbor Oct. 6
Edith Seattle Oct. 8
M. Dollar San Pedro Oct. c
Cheha'.ls Grays Harbor iOct. *
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor (Oct. •
S. Barbara... Seattle Ac Olympla jOct. 6 '
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma. Oct. H
Santa Monica. San p»dro 'Oct. 7
Alliance . • Portland ft "V7ay Pts.|Oct. T
San Jose New York via Panama, JOct. T
Columbia Portland 4 Astoria ... Oct. 7
Centralla San Pedro Oct. T
Arcata | Coos Bay & Pt. Orford-'Oct. 7
D«l NortB ; Crescent City [Oct. S
Santa Rosa... J San Diego & Way Pta.|Oct. s
Point Arena., j M«nUocino & Pt. Arena'Oct. 8
Corona ; Humbcldk jOct. S
Arizocan N. Y. via Pa. Los AngOct. 9
Queen Puget Sound Ports :oct. »
Bonlta Newport St Way Ports. [Oct. 9
North Fork. . . Humboldt (Oct. 9
O. W. Elder.. PortLind At Astoria.. .-..(Oct. 1_
Alameda Honolulu IOct. 1.1
Siberia China *: Japan [Oct. 1.1
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports IOct. 14.
Barracouta... New York via Panama'Oct. 13
Narda • Seattle 'Oct. 13
A cable from London, dated September 24,
states that tha British ship wayfarer, from
Antwerp, bound for this port, was spoken 40
degrees S and S6 degrees W, with rigging dam
aged.
Damaged Her Rigging.
Movements of Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 3— Btmr Cedric,
from-Llvsrpool; stmr Etruria. from Liverpool:
Btmr La Touralne. from Havre.
Sailed Oct 3 — Stmr Zeeland. for Antwerp:
stmr La Champagne, for Havre; stmr Ethio
pia, for Glasgow; stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham-'
burg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr Lu
cania. fcr Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Oct 2— Bark
Gen Falrcbiid, for Honolulu; Br ship Alice A
Leigh, for San Francisco.
PANAMA — Arrived Sept 14 — Etmr Barra
couta. hence *Auj 22.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 2— Br bark
Donna Franresca, for Blrkenhead. ~~ . .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 8— Br
Btmr Richmond Castle, from Manila. Oct 8 —
Stmr Gaelic, from. San Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Korea,
hence Sept 3: stror Victoria, from Victoria.
ST VINCENT — Arrived, Oct 8 — Ger stmr
Anubts. hence May 23, for Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct S— Br ship Naiad,
for San "Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 2— Schr Robert
Lewers, for Port Townsend.
ISLAND PORT.
Sailed Sept 2 — Stmr Redondo. for San Fran
ciscc. Oct ¦ 3 — Schr Alvena, for Columbia
River: stmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Oct 3 — Schr So
lano. for Wallaroo; Fr bark Pierre Antoinle,
for Port Pirle.
Arrived Oct 3 — Br bark Falklrk, from Bur
rards Inlet.
Passed In Oct 3 — Gor stmr Uarda, from Na
naimo, for Tacoma,
ABERDEEN— Sailed Oct 3 — Stmr G C Lln
dtuer. fcr San Francisco. .
SEATTLE^ — Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Bertha,
from Valdez; ship St Paul, from Uyak; etmr
Montara, hence Sept 29.
Sailed Oct 8 — Stmr Ohio, for Nome;: Jap
stmr Aki Maru, for Hongkong: : etmr Jasies
Dollar, for San Francisco; stmr Edith, for
Ev«« tt and San Francisco. /
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Oct 3 — Br ship
Claverdon, from Port Townsend.
TATOOSH — Passed out Oct 3 — Nor stmr Tel-
Iu», from Oyster Harbor, for San Francisco:
schr Senuoia, from Port Hadlock. for £aa
Franclsco.
Passed in Oct S — Schr Alice, from Bristol
Bay-, for Seattle.
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Oct 3 — Schr Orient,
for San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr Chaa Nel
son, hence Sept 29. «
Sailed Oct 3 — Stmr South Portland, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived Oct 3 — Ger stmr Uarda.
from Nanaitno.
SOUTH r.EXD— Sailed Oct 3 — Schr Volun
teer, for San Francisco.
: : ; r /. : ; Saturday, October 3.
Stmr Newport, Saunders. Panama; Pacific
Mall Steamship Co.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship <"<>.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, Eureka; Charles
Nelson Co.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle; Portland
Steamship Co.
Stmr .Eonlta. Alberts, San Pedro: Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Centennial. Klitgaard. Seattle; E T
Kruse.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson. Nanalmo; West
ern Fuel Co.
Br bark Cloch, Mowatt. Melbourne: J J
Moore & Co. ' *
Fr bark Jacobsen. Heronval, Ipswltch; Ba.
four, Guthrie & Co.
/, SAILED.
Saturday, October 3.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama, etc.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Centennial. Klitgaard, Seattle, with
bktn Jas Johnson In tow.
Stmr Del Nortf. Green. Crescent City.
Stmr Frances H LegJtett. Jahnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendocino.
Btmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Samoa, M/dsen, San. Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria aad
Pert Towns end.
Stmr Westport, Ernltlt. Westport.
Stmr Navarro. Weber. Eureka.
Br stmr Wyefleld. Watson. Nanalmo.
Ship Spartan. Falkman. Whatcom.
Fr bar* Edouard .Detaille, Drtllet. Queens
town.
Bktn James John.*on, Bennecke. Eureka, In
tow stmr Centennial.
Schr Onward. Larsen. Coquille River.
Schr O M Kellogg. Iverson, Mahukona,
SPOKEN.
No date, lat 48 S, Ion 88 W, Br ship Way
farer, from Antwerp, for San Francisco, with
rigging damaged and loss of boat*.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 3. 10 p m — Weather
cloudy; wind S. velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 3— Schr F S
Red field, for San Francisco; schr Maria E
Smith, for San Pedro: schr Bangor, for San
Diego; stmr G C Lindauer. for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 3 — Schr Borealis. hence Sept 2»,
In tow stmr Chas Nelaon.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Oct 3 — Schr Fred E
Sanders, from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Mandalay, for San Fran
cisco.
FARALLONE I PLANDS— Passed Oct 3. T
p m Two *hlrs, bound to San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 3 — Stmr C009
Coos Bay. hence Sept SO; U S stmr Madrona.
frcm liphthouse stations; st-nr Pasadena, from
Redondo.
Schr Newark, Reinertsen, 12 hours from
Walsh Landing.
CLEARED.
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 8— BtXBf La S*vol«. far
SOUTHAMPTON— Failed Oot 3—Stmr Phila
delphia, for New York. vl» Cherbourg.
BROWHEAD — Passed Oct 8 — Stmr Cymrto,
from Ntw York, for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct 3— Stnir Koenlg
Albert, from New York, via Plymouth ar.l
Bremen, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct t-Stmr Ocorttc.
for New York: stmr Hibernian, far St John*
and Philadelphia. ¦ ... ¦
BREMEN— tailed Oct 3—Btmr Grosser Kur
furst, for N»-w York, via Cherbourg.
MARSEILLES— Sailed Oct 1— fltisr Caibarla,
for New Xork.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 3— Stair 8Ut«n
£aam. for N*w York.
QUEKNSTOWN" — Arrived Oct 8 — Stmr Cym
ric, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
MOVILLE — Sailed Oct 3 — Stmr Columbia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed Oct 8— Stmr Laurentian,
for New York; itmr Sanaa tian. for Boaton.
When this became known to the crimps
they vowed vengeance and swore that
the men should never be shipped unless
advance money was paid. They collected
around tho office of the Consul, and when
Captain McMillan appeared on the side
walk grew loud in their utterances, and
one of them,- Neuman by name, muttered
in an ugly way to the captain. "If you go
on any further trying to ship your own
crew perhaps before the Nivelle leaves
port she will need a new master."
Captain McMillan has been going to sea
for many years, and Is not the kind of a
man to be Intimidated by threats. He or
dered the new crew ro be at Meiggs
wharf at 8 o'clock yesterday morning,
where they would find Crowley's launch
ready to take them off to the bark, which
is lying in the lower bay ready to sail
north. The crew, bag and baggage, were
there at the appointed hour, but their ar
rival had already been anticipated by the
crimps, who were there in big force to
head them off and prevent them from go-
Ing aboard the launch. For two hours
the wrangle went on. First the crimps
tried to get the crew drunk, then they
used threats and finally succeeded in get
ting three of the men to say they would
quit. At this Juncture Captain McMillan,
accompanied by his wife, came ashore
from his craft. He was received with a
storm of abuse. As he climbed up to the
wharf he was surrounded by the crimps,
who made threats against him. One of
the chief Instigators randished a re
volver and another pulktl a lighted cigar
from his -mouth and smashed it into the
captain's face. One of the crimps yelled
out that the captain gave the crew noth
ing to eat, and that the last time he came
into port on the bow of his vessel was
printed in big letters the word "starva
tion."
In the midst of the excitement the
sailors were hauled' and mauled about,
and finally when the crimps saw they had
the worst end of the argument one of
them gave one of the sailors a terrific
blow that knocked him off the dock, and
he fell head foremost on the deck of th*
launch. This put an end to the fight for
the time being, and the crew were safely
put aboard the bark, while the captain
went up town. He was barely gone
when one of the crimps went aboard and
offered the sailors $20 each to go ashore
with him. The mate sprang forward, and
drawing his pistol ordered the crimp off
the bark.
Captain McMillan needs ten more men,
but how he is to get them is a puzzle.
Consul Bennett Is greatly worked up
over the affair, and if any further inter
ference Is shown he intends using strin
gent measures to protect the men under
his jurisdiction.
cause of the rumpus was the re
fusal of the bark's master, Captain Mc-
Millan, to pay the money demanded by
th© boarding-house keepers for furnish
ing a crew for his vessel. The Nivelle has
been lying In the bay for the last fifteen
months awaiting a charter* Last week
she w%s chartered to load In Puget Sound
with lumber destined for Cape Town at 45
shillings per thousand. Captain McMil
i Ian at once commenced fitting out for the
voyage. "vVhen he came to getting his
crew he found that for each of the twen
ty-two men required to fill out his ves
sel's complement tho crimps demanded
$61. He deemed this an unreasonable
amount of advance money and deter
mined to engage a crew of his own choos
ing, leaving the crimps entirely out of the
question. With this end in view he sought
British Consul Bennett, who had under
his protection twelve of the crew of* the
British bark Wemyas Bay, recently
wrecked at Mazatlan. They were only
too willing to engage on the Nivelle,
thereby avoiding 1 the payment of blood
advance' money to the boarding-house
keepers. They were duly signed before
the Consul at the regular wages of the
port, $25 a month. In addition to this the
captain gave each man $5 as a bonus, and
the English Government fitted out the
men at its own expense.
THE shipping of the crew of the
British bark Nlvelle came nearly
resulting In a riot at Meiggs
wharf yesterday morning. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 3903.
CRIM PS ATTEM PT TO PREVENT CREW
FROM GOING ABOARD ENGLISH BARK
43
EMPLOYMENT WAITED — MAXB.
EXPERT male stenographer wants a position
in the country. Box 4014. C-IL
A RELIABLE sober Eastern man wanU work
of any kind; moderate salary. Box 4033. Call.
A JAPANESE wants position, any • kind of
work la hardware store; have experience In
hardware store business. J. SHIOTA. 1329
Pice st.
JAPANESE married couple would like situa-
tions* man good housework or gardener and
wlft 'good cook. Address J. HaMAMOTO.
* £38 Sixteenth et.. Oakland. '
JAPANESB man and wife want situation* as
cook and houseworker; beet references. T.
NHNOMI. 18 St. Mary St.. city. ,
JAPANESE boy wishes work on evary Satur-
day near 600 Baker st. OKUJI SUDA, 810
Stockton St.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as a school-
boy. S. H.. 121 Haight et.
A GOOD Japanese boy wsnts position of
schoolboy. GEORGE F*UJITA. 182» Pine st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
STUTTERING A* D ST -^ MER l *jj:
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine Iaqu.re lato wonderful c_re«; home cure.
PERSONALS. J
WE would like to rut a copy of The Advertis-
ing World Into the hands of every person
who keeps any kind of a store; every news-
paper man, every advertising writer, every
person Interested in business of any kind;
we «end sample copies free on request, and
the paper usually makes friends for itself at
first sight. It isn't made to be pretty, but
to be helpful— and Its circulation of 23,000
(bigsest of its class in the world) shows that
it is helpful. May we have your address?
Th« Advertising World, Columbus, Ohio.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
• Wrinkle*, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox plttings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines- special demonstrations this wpek.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
TO Whom It May Concern — Notice la given
that HENRY STRATHMANN. SW. corner
Eleuart and Howard sts., proprietor of the
Eureka saloon ha* sold the same to MAR-
TIN LAMM and SIMON CARLSON.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, curse dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stlcklnees;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers" ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..lS38 Polk.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer In
ccrret twin*, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
PATRIOTS deslrlrjr President Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia speeches can have same sent to their
adlress by remitting 12 cents. G. THOMP-
SON. 2."»1 Grant ave.. San Francisco, Cal.
BRAUN— Professor Martin, graduate masseur
of the Imperial University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 216.
NOT bow cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of tht Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 veSrs' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocoaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
MARRIAGE directory free to all. Pay when
married. Ntw plan: send no money. For
particulars address H. A. HORTON. Dept.
143, Tekonsh.a. Mich.
DRUNKENNESS, mcrphlne and all drug dis-
tases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
lSSy Polk st.; consultation free; call or write.
REMOVAL — DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
moved his office frcm 2255 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 574. Parrott bldg. (Emporium).
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
LADIES are guaranteed full busts by use of
the great Maamalew; treatise sent for 4c.
Mammalene Co.. P. O. box 2013. S. F.
LADY or gent of means please assist respect-
able woman in need. Particulars M. R,. box
1CS0, Call office.
BED-WETTING cured; package of Pen-ine.
dlrecticn anJ booklet mailed free. Missouri
Rtraedy Co.. L>cpt. C20, St. Louis. Mo.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 60 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cure
the liquor habit in 2 days or no charge^:
Acme Liquor Cure Co..' 997 Market, r. 202.
OLD hats rhade new. SIC O'Farrell et.
FINE healthy baby boy for adoption. MRS.
DR. FUNKE. 1410 Eighth st.. Alameda.
ANDERSON — Elegar.t theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 215 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Inctalimenta. fl per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tailors.727-729 Market.
RHEUMATISM cured in half an hour without
medicine. 212 Gough St., San Francisco.
$5 HATS a specialty this week. 818 O'Farrell
street.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric r.eedl<". Dr. & Mr«.Traverse,1170 Market.
THE b>?st plac« to buy good umbrellas or
have them, covered or repaired is 120 Stockton.
ALL styles hairdressir.g 25c: hair goods; mani-
curing, 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
TAILOR-MADE fjH $7 50; dress pant* S2 50.
MiFf.t Clothing Parlor.ccr. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
Sur'rfluouR hair and moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Harry F Capes. 21, 250 Stevenson street,
aad Kitty P. I. Gillett, 19. 401 Harrison street.
Peter Berses, 35, 614 Broadway, and Marie
S. J. B. Bidache. 25, Fruitvale.
William W. Hollenbeck. 21. Pasadena, and
Ina V. Gael, 21, 159 South Park.
Albert A. Bock. 21. 71S Valencia street, and
j€«=?le Chaffer. 19. 31S Day street.
William T. Schoflln, 2«, 1720 Twelfth avenue,
South San Francisco, and Rose Goetr, 28, 630
Chestnut street."
Ernest L. Jenkins, 30. £0 Page street, and
Anna Muehllg. 24. 20 Page street.
Ernest L. Lang. 24, 22054 Mission Btreet,
and Frances Dean, 23, 11SI Harrison street.
Charles F. McNamara, 23. 209 Flllmore
street, and Mae F. Bastian, 22. 639 Linden
* % Charies L. Brown. 22. city, and Mattla L.
Berry, 20. city.
Arcstino Gnesa. 37. Santa Barbara, and Iso-
lina Lecri. 3.1. 2314 Van Ness avenue.
Spiro Radulovlcb, 40, 1510% Broadway, and
Gospava Radovich. 20. city.
Lyr.den D. Crane. 25. C39 O'Farrell street,
and Louella M. Dyke. 24. 071 Howard street.
Benjamin E. Carroll. 30. Livennore, and
Err.rea Lafrenz. 19. Llvermore.
Charles C. Sellers, 29, 24 Turk street, and
Mabelle B. Royal. 24. Portland. Or.
John R. KIrkland. 32. WatflO_vllle. and Eu-
nice Leeper, 27. city.
Non-la K. Davto, 27. city, aad Therese C
Morgan. 21. city.
Andrew L. Geggus, 30. 1714% Leavenworth
¦treet. and Agnes Cooper. 23. 3943 Seventeenth.
JohiuF. Brandt. 30, Pinole, and Connie M.
Lonigan, 24. Stockton.
Edward H. Plant. 3S, Rio Vista, and Nellie
Mclntyre. 30. Rio Vieta.
O?car S. Bray. 30. Nevada City, and Bertha
M. Janner. 23. Pater— .on. N. J.
Charles Duebel. 21. city, and Stella Ford.
IS. city.
Fred R- Michael. 24, Fresno, and Agnes
Nehlsen. IS, Oakland.
William II. Perry, 33, 153 Seventh street,
end Stella L. Weeks, 15. 645 Howard street..
John A. Hutchlns'jn, 23, city, and Helen C
Utham. 18, city. ,
Henry Helm»rs, 30. lf.ll Ellis street, and
Adlena Sllva. 22, 1511 Ellis street.
Samuel Shlpp. 37. 1KS2 Dolores street, and
Rachel Gabbltas. 30, Lcndon. England.
William S. Moore. 27, city, and Ella R.
Brook*. 37, city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must txt handed
ia at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BROUGHAM— In this city. September 26, 1903,
to the wife of J. J. Brougham, a son.
DIEHL— In Oakland, to the wife of F. W.
Dlehl, a eon.
DOANE— In this city. August 23. 1903, to the
wife of George A. Doane, a son.
GOLDEN— In this city, September 29. 1903. to
the wife of Maurice Golden. . a son. . .
HARRIS — In this city. September 29. 1003, to
- the wife of James A. Harris, a daughter.
HARVEY— In this city. September 13. 1903,
to the wife of John 8. Harvey, a son.
KOLBY— In this city. September 21. 1903, to
. the wife of It. Kolby. a daughter.
MILLER— In this city, September 27, 1903, to
the wife of O. W. Miller, a son.
RAPP — In this city. September 23. 1903, to
the wife of Louis Rapp. a daughter.
ROSS— In this city. September. 27. 1903, .to the,
wife of Charles Ross, a daughter. •
SMITH— In this cltr," September 24, 1903, to
the wife of Harry H. J. Smith, a son.
CLAY— DAY — In Salinas. SeDtember 28. 1903,
by the- Rev. George McCormlck. Samuel day
of Monterey and Gertie Day of San Fran-
cisco. ..-,.. ... .,..,
HILDRETH — POLLOCK— In this city. Octo-
ber 1. 1003, by the Rev. L. C. Sanford, J. Lee
Hlldreth and Olivia Pollock.
LEDDY—LEDDY— In San Rafael. September
80, 1003, by the Rev. Father Phlllipps, Eu-
gene A. Leddy and Emma L. Leddy, both of
San Jose. . .
MICHAEL— NEHLSEN— In this city. October
3. 1003. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church
Fred it. Michael of Fresno and Agnes Nehl-
sen of Oakland.
SCOTT— NEWBERRY — In this city. October
3, 1903. by the Rev. Jay William Hudson of
the Second Unitarian: Church. William J.
Scott of Oakland and Christina Newberry of
San Francisco.
STILWELL— JUAREZ— In thla city. October
1. 1903. bv the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil-
son, pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church. Arthur M. Stllwell of Sacramento
and Marie del C. Juarex of Santa Barbara.
-_____- _ _
Adams, Benjamin F. Kroger, August
Barclay. Mary C. Livingston, Agnea
Bell. Lillie M. McCarthy, Jeremiah'
Blain. Ca;ar McKislck. Lewis D.
Brelltag. Mrs. M. Mataxas, . Peter
Caia. James Morrison, Peter
Carpenter, Dr. Geo. Peterson, Hulda C.
Colllgan, John I. Popovich, Petar V.
Eastman. Annette Puccl, Argentina M.
Flvey, Margaret Rohdman. Charles
Flach, Josepha Ryan, Nora L.
Friedman. Hannah Sharp,' William
Garren. Loula Sllva, Frank
Gullfoy. James Smith, Charles W.
Hodge. Col, Newton Steven, David
Jensen, Elena O. Ward. Lewis P.
Johnson. Godfrey Waugh, Herbert H.
Jocst. Friedericli II. Wentworth. Myra B.
Kerr, Joseph M. Wlrths. Charles
Keppel, Moses
ADAMS— In this city, October S. 19C3. Benja-
min F., btloved husband of Mary Ann
Adams, and father of Elizabeth, Vlrlia,
Joshua, Lorenzo, AnlaE, Forest. Alfred and
Albert Adams, a native of Missouri, aged
73 years.
BARCLAY— In this city, October 3. 1903, Mary
C. Barclay, wife of James Barclay, J. P..
of BanfTzhire, a native of Scotland, aged 42 ;
years.
BELL— In this city. October 3. 1903. Llllle
M., beloved wife of T. F. Bell, and mother
of Floyd Bell, a native of Buffalo, N. Y.,
aged 27 years 11 months and & days.
ICTTrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tht funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1233 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
BLAIN— In this city. October 2, 1903. Oscar,
dearly beloved husband of Hattie Blain, and
iovlr.g brother of Marlanna Blain, a native
of California, aged 41 years and 9 months.
(?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
• to-day (Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, at his late
residence. 410 Jones street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BREILING— In Oakland, October 2, 1903. Mrs.
Margaretha Brelllng. widow of the late John
Broiling, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Herman Druhe and Adolf J., Oscar F., Emll
J., Julia, Emma and Lillian Brewing, a na-
tive of KlinzrmuTister, Bavaria, aged 01
years 7 months and 12 days.
D—TFrlends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, October 5. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 1473 Eighth street, Oakland.
Interment private.
CAIN— In this city, October 2, 1903, James
Cain, beloved husband of the late Bridget
Cain, and brother of Mary Cain, a native of
County Gal way. Ireland, aged 06 years.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October B, at 8:30 o'clock, from th* parlors
of McFadUen, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose cf Ms eoul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crops Cemetery.
CARPENTER— In this city. October 3. 1903.
Dr. George W. Carpenter, beloved husband
of Rebecca A. Carpenter, and father of Mrs.
Mary E. Vail, Mrs. Ida M. Horn and Mrs.
Jenny A. Ward Hays, a native of Vermont,
agc-d SO years 5 months and IS days.
COLL1GAN— In this city, October 1, 1903, John
1., beloved son of Terence and Jane Colll-
gan. and brother o: Mary J., Katis I., Annie
L., James A., William B., Frank J. and the
late Terence V. Colll.an. a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 9 months and 24
Jays.
C7"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October . r >, at 9 o'clock, from the residence
cf hi* pHr-»nt*. 1301 Vallejo street, near Lar-
kln. thenct- to Pt. Brigid's Church, corn«r
of Broadway and Van Ness avenue, where b
solemn requiem high mats will be celebrated
for the reiose cf his ?oul. commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
EASTMAN— In this city, October 2, 1903. An-
nette, beloved daughter of Georgo S. and
Helen E. Eastman, and sister of Carl A.
and Harry A. Eastman, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 2(! years 2 months and 5 days.
CFrlendy and acquaintances are respect-
fully jnvited to attend the funeral to-day
(8undiy). at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 510 Connecticut street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
FIVEY— In this city. October 3. 1903. Mar-
garet Flvey, beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam Flvey, beloved mother of Essie L. !
Flvey, and grandmother of Hazel and Joseph !
Nugent and John Ryerson, a native of
County Kilkenny, Ireland.
FLACH — In this city, October 3, 1903. Josepha
Flach, beloved wife of the late Joseph
' Flach. mother of Joseph and Peter Flach.
grandmother cf Carl and Eisa Flach, and
aunt of Anna Flach, a native of Germany,
aged C>~ years 8 months and 1 day.
{CTFrientis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. October 5. 1903. at 2:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-nrst. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
FRIEDMAN— In this city, October 2. 1903.
Hannah, beloved wife of Salomon Friedman,
and dearly beloved mother of Alfred, Isaac.
Belle, Frances, Samuel, Joseph, Sarah, Abra-
ham and Aaron Friedman, a native of Posen.
Germany, aged 63 years 5 months and 11
days.
{?''Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 :U0 o'clock, frcm her late resi-
dence. 2014 Howard street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car to Hills' of Eternity Ceme-
tery, leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero street*
at 2 o'clock, for interment. I'lease omit
flowers.
GARREN— Entered into rest, in this city. Oc-
tober I. 1903. Louts, beloved husband of
Hannah Garren, and devoted father of Mrs.
Harris Rubin. Mrs. Nath Offenbach and
Morris, lMvid. Benjamin and Leslie E. Gar-
ren. a native of Austria, aged 73 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, October 4, 1903, at. 9 o'clock, at his
late residence, 13 Minna street, near First.
Interment New Salem Cemetery, by car-
riages. Please omit flowers.
GUILFOY— In the City and County Hospital,
October 3, 1W3. James Gullfoy, a native of
England, aged CO years.
HODGE— In this city. October 1, 1903. Colonel
Newton D. Hodge, beloved husband of Ella
M. Hodge, a native of Flint, Mich., aged SO
years.
E7"Companions of the Military Order of
the Loyal Legion. U. S.. and friends and
acquaintances are requested to attend the
funeral services at his late residence, 1500
McAllister street, Sunday, at 10 o'clock. In-
terment private. •
JENSEN — In Haywards, October 2, 1903,
Elena Osina Jensen, beloved wife of the late
Nahmen Jensen, and mother of E. R. Jen-
een, J. C. Jensen, Mrs. Jacob Harden, Mrs.
Joslna V. Erken, Nahmen Jensen, Mrs. M.
R. Peters, John Jensen and Newton Jensen,
a native of ihe I_Ie of Fohr, Schleswig, Oer-
many, aged b3 years 5 months and 27 days.
C_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral Monday,
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, thence
to the Presbyterian Church at 12 o'clock for
cervices. Interment Lone Tree Cemetery,
Haywards.
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital,
October 3. 1903, Godfrey Johnson, a native of
Sweden, aged 41 years.
JOOST— In this city, October I, 1003. Fried-
erich II. Joost, beloved son of the late Jocst
Joost and Sophie K. Joost. and brother of
Martin. Tonjcs, Fabian and Behrend H.
Joost. Mrs. Anna D. Cordea and Sophia K.
Joost, a native of Kohten, ¦ Germany, aged
35 years 11 months and 18 days.
CLTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 4, at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
-between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KERR — In this city, October 3, 1903, Joseph
M., dearly beloved husband of Catherine
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
; (Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 30. . .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera.
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
Now at V-SO MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan. President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
- (Inc.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31. .
E31PLOYMKXT^ OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bash 185—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
• cithes best help; contracts fcr term help, etc
ZF you w_r.t Japanese help, advertise In Th*
Ntw World. Japanese daily paper. S53 Geary.
A — ORPKEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese heis. 4T6 Powell. TeL Mala 57S2.
A — GRAND .'aps.rest-Ch.laee* Enp. Office 415
" Stockton; tel. Graat 1CS; expert, rell-t'.e help.
CHINESE Employment OJflc* — Btet help at
•Leon Seusg's. 411Vi OTmrrell; teL East 428.
RELIABLE Jaranese-Ch'.aese Employment Of-
' .ace; all kinds help. S15 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE «.s4 Japanese help; astab. 20 years.
Tel. MeJn 1»S7. BRADLEY & CO.. etO Clay.
.EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A LAUNDRESS, youag. strong, thoroughly
• capable, wants a place ia a prlvaba farslly la
country or city; has good city references.
<-aIl or address MIES PLUXKKTT. 425 Sut-
. •ter'rt.. near Powell.
A .GERMAN nurse, young and strong, with
§"b*st of city references, -raats a Jlaco to
car* lor ma tXttMBti expects $30 a month.
Se;;d arr coj-rnur-icatlon to MISS PLCXK-
ETT, 425 Sutter et., near Powell. Office not
cpea Sundays.
A SWEDISH cook ar.d housework girl. 5 years'
. ' references, wants a, situation at $S0 nosth.
Ca'.i at MISS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter et..
• near Powell.
DRESSMAKING In families on ladles' ar.d
children's clothes; also renovating; by an
»-rper:enc<*d dreisiaaker; SI 35 oer day. Box
121g. CaU office.
RESPECTABLE niarried lady with a child 15
months old would like position as house-
keeper for three or four gentlen len. Ad-
<lrees CT9 Jackeoa st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes position in the
furr.e family 3 days & week; wages $2 week:
references gtx-en. Apply €12 Treat ave., near
Nineteenth el.
.A MIDDLE- AGED lady wishes situation to do
Cenerai housework and is good cock: best
•city ref.: no cards answered. sr»S Misr.a st.
COMPETTXT ladles' taller and dressmaker
wishes er-gagemer.ts in families: Jl 00 per
day: reference, Bcx 3506. Call office.
POSITION by experienced nursery governess
• for one or two children; hotel preferred; ref-
.ertaces. Box 1C74. Ceil.
XiEEPECTABLE laSy would like position ae
hr>_»tke< r*r or cock fcr sMtlon-house. Call
€&-7C Ellis 6t.. room I'L between 1 and 8.
UfT'DLE-AGED woman would like housekeep-
er's position or cootinr: no ebjectien to
country. A<52. 132 Rose ave.. near Haight 6t.
W'ANTED by a r.eat. willing deaf mute girl,
situation to do light housework ia email fara-
• »lly. Box :60*. CaJl. '
A' COLORED --ciraa wUhes work by the day
. washing cr clesair.g. Addrees M. L., 127
P*co:id tt.
' WOMAN would like to take care cf !nva!!d cr
child; eleep hcroe. 2 Tay st- off Clay, b*-
-. tween Powell and lla*on.
*A rOMPETENT woman would like to care for
• ©ne or two children. Apply 74 Shotwe'.l ft.
COMPETENT woman war.ts silk underwear cr
f.annels to wash at heme. "MA Howard st.
Vril^SMAKER. strictly first class, wishes j
. wcrk ty the day. Bcx 1C73. Call.
WANTED — Position as companion and eecre- |
tary to lady rr nurse to convalescent. Bcx j
• 1211. C-ll off.ee.
COMPETENT Fter.ographer; any line; operates
Rerr.ir.jrtcn. Ycst. Smith; wishes permanent
.position; will substitute; salary. $55 per j
mi.Tith. Adi.-es* bcx 4015. Call office. J
A BEFDCED American girt wants pcsltlon as
•ecor.1 girl la email family; references. 14^j
Cedar ave
FIRST- CLASS German cook wants a Eitucticn.
Apply ?.:¦¦« Ftockton tt. •_
WANT eis and subscriptions taken for The
• C»'.! Bt Eaton's Baxaar. C"?3 McAllister Pt. I
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED — By a rr.ar.. position In country: |
"l-.aie had several year?' experience !a general j
rrr-rchandise and liquors: thoroughly posted I
;r. all Its branches : .nderrtands Spanish; Al
r- ferer.ees. Box 1C00. Call efflce.
A STEADY, reliable and ertrgetic man --ante j
prfiticn of some kind: not afraid of hard ]
work; can give pood references ; am also a 1
Free and Acce-ptf-d Masou In good standing. !
Bcx 1C65. Ca'.l office. j
ENGINEER. &e" 2-\ sober and steady tnaehin- j
i?t and electrician; understands Ice making i
ar.d cold storage. Addre-s C, room CS,
Clifford House. 2/A Ellis st.
YOl*NG man well educated and reliable, with j
business experience and knowledge of book- j
P keeping, wants position; references from last
place. Box 4-109. Call.
WANTED by an American. 35 years of ege.
who has had 15 years cf business experience, j
position: would prefer outside work as sales- j
• man. solicitor cr collector. Bcx 1213. Call, j
EXPERIENCED shipping clerk would like po-
• si tion in wholesale house; good references!
. fnm:»hed: good wages expected. Box 40C1. |
Call office.
YOUNG, bright man. 9 languages, wishes po-
rition as a valet or traveling' companion;
hn=t references. L TRITSCH. bcx C.V33. ]
Call office. I
YOUNG man. some knowledge of assaying. !
wirhes position with good chance to learn; !
wajr*-* no object. Box 4O<*3. Call. j
A BRIGHT young man. «pe_ks French. Italian,
wishes a pof'.ticn: willing to put bonds: col- |
"lector preferred. Apply bcx 1CD3. Call office. •
WANTED by^a your.g man a position In city; ;
r»ot -frald of any kind of work. Address
W.. J. GOKBEL. 1711 Market st. !
A FACTORY syrtcai expert: thorough, -p-to- |
fiate fcccountar.t; desires sr>cclal or perma- |
Beit engju?ei_ent. Box 4391. CaU. j
MAN u:---. to all kinds of mechanics' tocls
war.ts steady i :>b: Uf*d to iaEtitutlon. Jani- I
tor, box 1<X5, Ca'.l office.
WANTED — A position by a young man; sober
and induFtrious; hanfiy with tools; can drive
ar.d garden. Bcx US2, Call office. I
GARDENER <g-ood landscape and propagator)
withes a situation; fir« -class reference. Ad-
. cress PAUL SCHOOF. 763 Golden Gate ave.
SOBER, steady young married man would like
a iosition of ar.y k'.rA in a wholesale house.
• Address F. S. F.. l?.37ii Stevenson et.
WANTED — Position aseayer. cyanide man or
millman. Address J. L. W.. Hotel Bruas
wick. Oakland.
WANTED — Position as mine foreman or black- j
smith- Address J. L. W., Hotel Bruns-
wick. Oakland.
BY a young man as carpenter's he'.per': can i
do Best any kind cf carpentering. Address j
'box 1.1E. Call office.
COUNTRY home for boy 12 years; win ex- |
• :-.; \jf- i«erviee for board and privilege of j
¦chord. Address I>. K-. SJM2 Mission st.
COLORED man wishes situation as Janitor.
P'irter or ho-jsework; good references. Box
VWi Call office; speaks three languages.
WANTED— Position as engineer or millman.
Address J. L W.. H,,vi Brunswick. Oakland.
YOUNG man war.ts Jcb as Janitor or porter;
has good references. P. W., 44 Tehaina. st.
SITUATION wanted as night watchman: best
city reference given. Vox 1C32. Call offloe.
•ELDERLY man wants ta ccck for a few men
Bcx lfiai. Call office.
GOOD carpenter «rt_be* tmplcymcct city or
country. Box 4 << 59. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED man of 20 y»ar*' experience
with fine horses, harness, buggies and Ftrtctly
sober; letters from cne of the nret families of
Oakland; wants a place with a private fam-
ily; fair waee« expected. Box 43S>7. C_1I.
YOUNG man. good habits, respectable. •»-;;. h*s
place Jn wholesale house or clean shop work;
• handy &nd willing to work: moderate wages -
wlihf-s to attend nigtt school. G. M. F '
box 1210. Call.
GOOD sober rr.sn 54 years old wants steady
work of ar.y kind; c_a xntlk; no garden work;
city or country. Box 43^8 Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes situation; best
ref>r»nceg. Addrffs box 43»j. Call.
MAN and wife want situations; man can epeak
Gtrman. Fr._nl.>h and English; can do any
kind of work; wife speaks Italian and Epan-
lth. Box 4332. CalL
A FIRST-CLASS coachman wishes position;
city; private family; sober, obliging; good
ri-forcnc^. Bc_ 43^ c_l.
DO you want a single, n-.lddle-ared. experi-
enced American, good references, to cook, do
housework, carpenter, milk, make butter.
• care of poultry, do odd Jobs; suburt.an place -
•seal! family. W. G. Wimams.321 Ellis st.
BITUATION wanted a a mechanical engineer or
construction or designing engineer for general
mill work by technical graduate; best of ref.
erences. Box 4017. Call.
01 an 2. ai « "-ker and also do general
lignt machine bench and repair work- fully
equipped with tools, ingenuity and 12 years'
experience. Box 40S3. Call. »«™
EXfERIENCED young maa. undemanding,
bookkeeping, ethnography and general office
work, wants permanent DoslUon here or els*.
where. Address Permanent, box 4028. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS up-to-date landscape gardener
wants position on private place; best refer-
aaocs; 20 years' ex2>erience. Box 401?, CalL '
Kerr, .father of. X<eo _and Harry. Kerr. .be-
loved sea of Matthew and Maria Kerr, 'and
1 brother of Kittle,' Anna, Matthew and Igna-
tius' Kerr and Mrs. James W. O'Donnell, ft
native of- San -Francisco;
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9/ o'clock,' from his late resi-
dence, 717 Webster street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. : . _".:'-. .
KOPPEL — In this city, October 2, 1903, Moses
Koppel, brcthpr of Mr*. Henrietta Sellg
and Louise and Jutlus Koppel, a native cf
Hanover, Germany, aged 70 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. October 4.- at 10 o'clock, at. his late
residence. 82G Mission street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving
Third and Towr.send streets at 11 o'clock.
Please omit flowers. •
KROGER— In this city. October l.vlOO3. Au-
gust Kroger, beloved brother of Hans Kro-
ger, a native of Holstein, Germany, aged 7J
years and 8 months.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral Monday,
at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fellows' building.
Market and Seventh streets, where funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
Concordla- Lod.e No. 122. I. O. O. F. Please
omit dowers. Remains at the oarlors of
Theodor Dlerks. 057 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. •
LIVINGSTON — In this City. October 2, 1903,
Agnes, dearly beloved wife of George, mother
of Raymond Livingston, and clater cj Jula,
John, Thomas and the late Jerry and Dan-
iel Murphy, a native of Virginia City, Nev.,
aged 2S years.
G_TFriend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
pajrlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to 8t. Patrick's Church
for cervices. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. October — , 1903,
Jeremiah McCarthy, beloved husband of the
lat^ Ellen McCarthy, and father of P F.,
J. J. and J. W. McCarthy, Mrs. John Con-
way and Mrs.. D. G. Klngsley, a native of
County flork. Ireland, aged 73 years 3 months
and 1) days. H
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McKISICK— In this city. October 2, 1903,
Lewis Devid, beloved husband of Elizabeth
McKlsick, father of .Lewis, Robertson T..
Donald and Theodora McKlsick and Mrs.
•Madelene Brurulere, and eteofather of Miss
W. B. Res?, a native of Henderson County,
( Tennessee, aged 74 years 0 months and 25
days. (Memphis, Tenn.. papers please copy.)
CZT'Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral to-uay
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Church, Fulton Btreet, between Webster and
FUlmore. .
MATAXAS— In this city. October 2. 1903.
Peter Mataxas, beloved cousin of Thomas
Portolas, aytiative of Greece, aged 27 years.
A member of the Pacific Coast Marine Fire-
men's Union.
CVFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of '
McFadden. McBrearty A Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to Russian Church, Powell
and Filbert streets, for services. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MORRISON— In the City and County Hospital.
October 3, 1903, Peter Morrison, a native of
New- York, aged *6 years.
PETERSON— In Napa.. October 2, 1003. Hulda
ChrUtlna. beloved daughter . of ' P. A. and
Sophia SamucIsDn, and sister of William
and Anna Peurson, Mrs. Ida Carlson, Mrs..
Nanny Pedemm and Mrs. Jenny Bwanscn, a
native of Oland, Sweden, aged 27 years and
10 month*.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 4, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Howe Undertaking Company, corner of
Twenty-second and Grove streets, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
POPOVICH— In this city, October 3. 1903, at
814 Third street, Petar V., dearly belovrd
eon of Vladimir and Olga Popovich, and ¦
brother of Anka Popovich, a native of San
Francisco, aged C months and 5 days.
PUCCI — In this city, October 1. 1903, Argen-
tina Marie Pucci, beloved daughter of Nai-
clsco J. and Delia Puccl. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years and 16 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attsr.d the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ' 15.13 J street, off avenue, south
of the park. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
ROHDMAN— In this city, October 3, 1903,
Charles Rohdman, a native of Finland, aged
20 years.
RYAN— In this city, October 2. 1003, Nora
L., beloved daughter of Ellen and the lale
John Ryan, and sister of John, Frank, Wil-
liam, Edward, Maurice, Mary. Eleanor, Tes-
sle and Lcretta Ryan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at U o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 10 Oak Grove avenue, clT
Harrison street, between Fifth and Sixth,
thence to St. Roae's Church for services,
coiumtticing at a :30.o"clock. -.Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A requiem high nass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul Mon-
day. October 0. at St. Rose's Church, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock.
SHARP— In this city, October 1. 1903, Wil-
liam .Sharp, husband of the late Margaret
Sharp, father of Mrs. Charles Devlin,, and
stepfather of William Swanton, a native of
Scotland.
B_TTlie funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7fi7 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SILVA— In this city, October 2, 1003. Frank
Silvn. a native of Portugal, aged 75 years.
(ET'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
MiESlon street.
SMITH— In this city. October 1. 1903. Charles
W., beloved husband of Mary Smith, father
of Clarence. Albert, Leo. Charles and Stan-
ley Smith, son of Mrs. Emma Donohu«. and
brother of John and the late James Smith,
a native of New York, aged 47 years..
t_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 3921 Twenty-fifth street, thence
to St. Paul's Church for services at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
COURT Kensington No. 7904. A. O. F. — The
officers and members of Court Kensington
No. 7&04, A. O. F., are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral of our late brother, C.
W. Smith, from his late residence, 3921
Twenty-fifth fctreet. to-day iSunday), at
12:30 o'clock.
JOSEPH KILLELEA, C. R.
A. HUME, Secretary.
STEVEN— In thla city. October 1. 1903, David
Steven, a native of Scotland, aged 50 yeara.
|f_~Funeral cervices will be held at the
Masonic Ttmpl*- Sunday. October 4, at 2
o'clock, under the auspices of Pacific Lodge
No. 136. F. and A. M. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
AVARD— In this city. October 1, 1003, Lewis
P. Ward, beloved brother of Mrs. H6race
Candce of Syracuse, N." Y.. a native of New
York, aged C6 years. ! A member of San
Francisco Typographical Union No. 21, Union
Printers' Mutual Aid Society and a life
member of the Olympic Club.
IT_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Gfllden Gate avenue.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WAUGH— In this city, October 3. 1903, Her-
bert H.V beloved husband of Annie Waugh,
and father of Louise Waugh, a native of
Brooklyn, aged 4* years.
tCTRemains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2*70
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
WENTWORTH— In this city, October 1, 1903,
Myra B. Wentworth.
(CTInterment at Nevada City. Please omit
flowers. »
WIRTHS— In the City and County Hospital.
October 3, 1903, Charles Wlrths, a native of
\ Germany, aged 49 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
To our many friends and acquaintances,
and especially the officers and members of
Eureka Lodge No. 9, O. d. H. S., and Beer-
drivers' Protective Uniqn, who gave so many
evidences of their heartfelt and comforting
6>-mpathy during our late bereavement of
loving husband and father, Fred H. Krohn,"
we desire to return cur sincere thanks.
ANNA KROHN, Wife.
HENRY KROHN, Son.
FRIEDRICH KROHN. Son. i
MILDRED KROHN, Daughter.
I Cjyfff I* few B Q j »t£i \t s/q4_i ¦ J RraTi i Er*_l^_*fr__J^JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4. 19025
44
•ftat.t.'R , TTAT,t:>s. | SALE'S. j TTAT j ! ? > K *._..._/: g^JlJl: L -?^L^ — ~ —
oa^fns^ei^Toh 0^ i Waists and Dress Skirts. Some Opportunities in
But luck? Nonsense. ' Stylish Skirt at $3.95. Satin Waists 95c. '^^JJgBSSjffilte Rior-lr Qilk«5 QnH
"Lick is the abi.it>: to rcc- ch^«H^cZ^M JSM^. ?23?«3£ ,^ tSlSCK &HKS dOU
ognizc opportunity." SS^fSSTSth 1 *"«• «-<*' >; .xccotionaUy I .HPSaS^^^^^T* l\p^Q<S HOOflS
Do you see your chance in ggj*^ _ _ j L^7^iPMi^l ' L* X*-«" L>re*>t» UUUU?) .
thcSC" flare, trimmed with stitched bands of off with fancy metal buttons, pretty ool- *- __ g3\ / v=j££f^\SM wSE&y*^&!2V) ' W*9z£,liL &3-T5 • ;• : • . " , V^ L j j. *'„,. „/ *Z,,» W/t7^ Sr/>t<: seC-
. . ., "Set* runnln* around tho flounce and ]„. largo sleeves; blues, reds, bladks or L^JfL 9^^*h^^^4)M^^^^^=- J^^^=^^^L B that show the pOWer and SCOpe and prestige Of the Hale CTCSS Sec
Opportunity in SifcerUXtre. the hips; drop eklrt of percallne; blacks greens- • tti
• Opportunity in dreSS goods. J5 SW, are a fine quality of cheviot. «.«> Flannel Waists In the new cheviot "v^^^fe W^§f||t MSW^ tiOfU '" * remarkable »««*«»*•
i Opportunity in millinery. $£^^ t^&Jfi?iZr£t$£& iSn^nVSa? n^'ieSvS w£2 /^C\\ \ ( €9& Wl^ ' There " e aIw5^ opportunitie, here to save money (like a fruit tree.
j J* ¦; . j of the way down, giving diamond effect; buttons, new collar, new Biee\es. wnue m\ \ \ . - ''SSlfe' ' ; Ar there's always some fruit falling on the ground that may be had tor almost tne
. Opportunity tn underwear. Southing pretty and effective; blacks o^v- S^ \j, Qf^ p$F asking)? bS-wTcmS remember when we have had so many good chances
Opportunity in kid gloves. JS*^**. «™ mm in & nanei effect n75 Oxford C^viot Waists, in black or fa - . come a { O ne time before. We have been shaking the silk-and-dress-eoods tree.
oZ^Jyi.^Ls. . *§^&&'£&bsai S^^ : - V^ Remarkahle Oooortunitv p^»S
Opportunity in table linens. „•# ™£ sklrt , „. km cU , *™«* *«*• ( K-CITlcirKaDie \jppUr IUII1 1^ ™klS» "mo "T "w e cav^h* U«t market ¦ price. We u k "the low.*
Tflhie unen gs£f3Bt- ItbIM -'- Bbi-4 IB * "i'SKLTSS sSSSSffi: in Trimmed Hats pri "' Csmpirison wi " proveth " we d " „„;*,., «,
I aulC Linen. Dress Skirts are in basket cloth. C y pearl buttons, stitched bands running 111 1 1 I1A1II1VU fl.ACJ.lrO* Qf^nrlsrH 7^r Riark 9ilk<; 51 00 and SI 2^ Colored
Story is never finished at ff^w^WWSffiESMSS g^rSST .S.'^r-JSS."* AII . <• '7"°' *?^" dth " TT > - *i'a «t Standard 75c Black S.Iks J> 1.UU i mo i» ,
u,t.' e mercerized drop. »» 97' "j^,f' "^.^J ""**,"! ,„ *:,„ All at one price — $3.75- (Not one of them- worth less than $6: ddc uress uooqs ai ox.
H^!± to°&S,. 8klrt8 at 51500> n6M> 517K) aad UP to T ist ° T ° thCr ™ StS ranSinff PrlCG many of them $7.) -. • wid l ne Swi " taffCta3 ' 23and inCh " Mistrals, voiles, cheviots, fancy bor-
' Another chapter to-day. All new (most of them made within the last ten days). . V \Ve have such faith in them as being *%£ z *$£*l' "^"dressy'^opSSr
We are never satisfied. We <^KlB^ £a -vV\^^flSl Wf trimmed with black and white plumes, wings and large birds. Agoc^alit i h^^A^ to*bS}£^ w^i. Wt «
can't even be neutral. We've 4EJKEI W "^w^tcfi 1 &l Jl k^M / Jt^i^ 200 hats for this special offering come. out to-morrow. None 6 5= and ma Ii 5 jSv TiTu- r«^^^- «? /^.^-
got to be aggx^sive. Yester- ¦K^^^^»^Pftw cou.d be newer ; none Jrthie, none S m ore sty.ish. Then to get W.^BtadcP.^^So^aO^ SLMWhjp Cord^ at^..^
days best ;S the Starting point '^^^^^p^^^fjj '''>' '" ' V^^^^^^^^^" {^JK^& lwg^T*^r r^^^^' t" 6 " 1 SO. early in the Season and for almost half what the Same Style perfect in texture and as eood in every worsted yarn; bright and silky; U Inches
1 for to-day's. To-day's for to- f (S^ <^^^^^ <^^^i Snd matcrial usuall >' sell . s for is P od news - "** " Pa "in Serif at^ $I ' 2 " T* ° d and Shrunk Cheviots 67c.
i morrow's. $Stl§i&dzGi^ ' •*SS^i^^^BB' ?^"^ This is certainly the opportunity for any woman to get her usually^Sid2t jf.oo^it-a^n extra heavy r^^. ™ w qua iity with ail the finish
- We didn't see how thc«e te^^^-^^^^^^^^^^^^f dress hat if she is thinking of getting one at all. ff£g SSS gg Hffi^?"^VSi£"-SS
val^nvoveeks ago could be UBZm^^n~^Opportunlty^gi , We have been planning to start October in this way. To that KffiiifSM ES^! "^5 French Broadc.oths 98c.
p , u/rr^ ' UiP)Al»i end we have had our entire work room force for ten days work- Fancy Covert Suitings 39c One of the aristocratic materials of th?
I £5Ut tncyare. || m y, 1^ SllvePVVarC. <^^=n iK' ino- on these hits An extra heavy, strictly all-wool mate- season, full 52 Inches i wide and -w-tth an
\ °lo ra-d Ceara bleae*efl ta.V« II W (l I *** *Z>ilVCI \\ O.I \*» kW&l Mff & inese liaiS. r , al( 35 lnches ln sray3> browns, extra fine finish. When we tell you we
6t ?<£\£t nVe 2 1i«W I Ssh The newness of it all W f If )' ou expecting to spend $6.oo, $7.00 or $7.50 for a new g£ - h - n^rs d eleTt r a 1 t n a a^osT W h^f 8 w y na B t SSKS ffi [s ny K on n e? r^u O wS 1 r^ r w < na1
p^^:ite?bft.%dV u^u! a wc" k> H I , j *' kWi fe hat, you should see these. If you were expecting to pay -$3 or $4, it is worth-«c r a good thm s it i, at this pnee-osc.
5Oc yard Fine mercerired cloth. U WfAV^ Its beauty and vanety. M* W > $£ - . , , ., . •¦* £ & 1 vo vt, , r
1^ I And the New York market prices , j you certainly should see these.
"I^ik n i^s 1^ flr *. iflW ' to fl^ ww^ '*' /a:v '^Sl Also Sale of Birds. Flannel Onnortunitv.
70 in. widp. heavj-. eturdy linen usually P ffl^T interesting. /^T^Hll^ t 1.1 , a * IdllllWl V/UL/U1 LUUll V»
sold at C5c. ?*92S& * , , TT , , . ,. , •. ._. ;,, -/^v It^ Large black parrots are 50c and ereen ones 60c. . . MT XT •/
75c sard. BUvar bleached German m ' fi»&& Its natural that Hale s should clo it ana n |j| ( Pigeons in light shades, castors, whites and grays or white and brown. Manv enwial fntnrvi nmv
Sde.' vtlTeff 1^ BOft flnlSh - " ln - !t WVy 5Uch a safe " b - road Y ay - a% CS , f5t nni S§£ ! ' They're beauties. They're worth $1.75- We have marked them 85c. ' lAIan y S P eCial teatureS no^«
"g.aftSSy°CIotli. at 81.75. Fine 1 !" silverware is f" i°? ° ! J e i Black and white birds are 8w. ' — 8 I-^C Tennis flannels are 7C
Irieh Unen. all white with boVder all 2 ' instinctively turn for quality than to the Good- -^-5* | pine b]ack dise birds at $l^ Thcn there are white doves at $iy; . and O I 3^ lenniS nanneiS are JC
H ; P^* - Si.00. \ WP~ ?ufi:l°onl ,iok X for h u U^ !i " h^ birds at 6^ **- and $ !^ -Other ioc ones are 7^c.
m^ ltaenTn a soft^tlny tolshf^i ill! !£S«. Hale's. wher# Six-store buying gets every mar- T^^J |.|| Now, for fear the millinery opportunity isn't broad enough to take in every — 15c German velours are IIC _ i
yards lone The same linen by the to j £v!*3SS ket condition there is to get? ft Is-Al | one, we oftcr ' . l-'.-f- -•
r^^f 11 tl a k 50c>^ d i?'^ bereare2 -' ™ S^T But see the silverware itself, there s the tfJM | rp, . u , rp nyi^^.^^ — And wool waiStingS at 5OC, worth 75c.
yard cloths for only $1.00. <!l l |=^ proof. If it's a birthday gift, a wedding present sgg^S VA TrUTl HaiS rTCC 1 O=iViOrrOW. ? t "
Th<» IViinUnc £31 1 in .^i or some brieht new piece to freshen up your ¦¦¦g^g' 111 _, , , , . . ... f Its those tennis flannels that are patterns such as ar« usually sold at
1 fie l\apKinS. Apf^P own S5eb?arf suiestions arc rife now. i^^J „ T ' 1C °" ?, l hi "^ T C a ? Y ? U tO d -° ' S t° P u . rchaSC yO . Ur trimn " n^ s °/, us - the most unusual. The 7 c ones have i 5 a a yard.
roT^^%r D1 r C e S^ r a?t^ P e kInS V^Se i WM V$^ M "*'"*' W » Sd^and'blumef ? "^ " C " " ?rC / m "^ *? J 1U 5 Thc 5 0C Waisti^ " C in tht P^
«.OO. ffl if/^A I snver cake dishes, silver plated with handle, satin Sy^i.j m Diras ana P lumcs - j. » and white stripes. The standard S i an striped and colored grounds. A
81. 1O dox. White napkins. 20 in. «. a* |/ finished and engraved. ?2.50. «} I i[ Oai 1 8 1-3C quality. The pink stripes have fj ne imnnrted French fabric usuallv
s^r!ii 5 w di hea B^kched r^K.n, a Q 5^^ ;^—^^ 6 " v " piated^ h^^ i KiDDons: yuicK upportunity. °-^ - ss them - 45 c w OO i eiderdowns are f O n y *
to square in spot pattern only. Worth |' creamer »^ fe Three items-thafs all. r^. The tennis flannels at 7 j4c Some yard wide good quality, in all the
»2.25 doz. Lexee sized napkins | : «nd tea^t. qu .Jru,.ie plate 1 ?¦: 7V Si Hut they are strong enoutrh. powerful enough to make up for thirty. 3000 yards in dark blues greens late plain shades. Then there are
he^t-rind lu linen" "' §^^=^ Ee^iV^ve^a^ r'S tti&^Sl 5U-, - 1 ?r 1 Or as well as old rose-fleecy, heavy and some new wrapper flannels, 27 and
3 f&~^3- blow bowl $3.00 ~Z^^^^ O/aC 1ZC. IVU warm. The regular ioc quality. 36 inches wide, white and colored
*l££2£ B^bondi 8 hes m i«f rattrrns. quadruple Miver plat- l^^^^g 7 fancy striped N 00 dublP faced That soft Im P orte(i Other tennis flannels in pinks, blues grounds, 15c.
Onnortunitv to RUV |$>5r^tft>5»* ' PrVry-froons. fiiver plated, fatin nniFhcd, fancy han- g^Sf^^^ ribbons In every pretty ' *" ' satin taffeta, nearly six and green grounds. IOC and I2^c. White wool flannels, plain, 25c, 30c,
,;!V ' L™ * r^^ kVS- Hn K9 . aUTCr tut*. «n.»^. 7.v. -hade/and on sale for liberty satin ribbon, red lnche , wide; white. German velour flannels at nc are 40c and 50c up to ooc a yard.
Kitchen ThingS. g4plg? Sat.^S a^Wti^^-^'ffi^^^jPB^ the flrst tlme Monday ° B °"! "t T« ° B «K^Mu?tS?Qu?K those heavy dressy materials used Wool flannels, ag inches heavy
tt 1 1 w^&»li^3^ eoid lined. $1.23. '^^s.^^^^sil/ morning. . the other. Worth 30c. nlle or black. so much for bath robes, sacques and quality. Navy, gray, red and vicuna.
llOUSekeepers are always each SUgar SP °° nS and bUU " knlves ' fancy pattern9 ' 60c Could any prices talk more eloquently?. wrappers. They come in rich zigzag 30c yard.
GUlck tO appreciate What We do CaC Cold meat forks in eatln lined boxes, 75c. / ' -
/ rr Powder Jar». large glass ones with silver gray or '- :-. - ... .
in the downstairs store. They wW ?^of^Siif c int«.t ju rt ™»w i. tw. «» P i. nr^tJ J Oj « ¥ T * 1
know we have nothing but P °yS2S Sr^iffieKL ' I OP^ 'i 1 1% V%£\fiTt 1 fl 1 T \7 If! I fl ft (* f\JW f±€\ f
good goods, and when ye can y to th >2o.w that may be "^ for the table or dret>s ' : | 1 11^ V^LrOvl L&JlIlILy 111 TT WCQ.1
save money it isn't at the sacri- .
fice of quality. Ridiculously Low Prices on For any man t woman or child to get their winter supply; to save money on every garment; and to get as
SoiTie Dinner DlSheSe good quality as 'if they paid full prices. ______
™?fn^i^ ted^££ b l* wear - - All odd pieces and broken patterns must be closed out now be- , ¦/ . ' , . , . r . . .
"c for te&«qtt Vorth 60c. f O re Christmas Just what they want most and when it s hardest to find a bargain.
?5c teapots < 3 qt.). worth 55c. -"> IO 'C j a
i5c wash basins (li in.) worth 25c^ Even 2. few complete dinner sets of ioo pieces are included. $xe%.
Sc^^^pjSrpI $ I4 set is S9.95. A $16 one is $11.75; another is $16.00. All are '^^^^^^^^S^^^^^^ • '$0$%M&&^ f e $1 -°° '^'^
Re^ar English semi-porcelain and decorated. . SSnj^ facto g r ies\a Ve closed down. Those that have not are selling all they can size) } women's 7V wool garments are 5OC, and 50c garments are
Coal shovels "are V. "^ $9.95 sets are in fancy shapes, delicate purple iloral borders and gilt tracings. make and getting the highest prices in ten years. / 35C. Then there is Case after case of children's Underwear Usually
Well finished rolline oins oc 111.95 sets are in old English shapes, with bright decorations; five colors. Yet right in the face of these stern conditions come luckier values than . .. „. . A - /'«/»V.«i.^;««'*« ;:.--\ -11 «,^^i.«j 1 C«
"t>, ? k 5 soiling pins. gc. $1600 oues are v/ith the new scroH edpes> decorated with pink rosebuds and gilt. _ nv „.„ ,. n Jl har i ...„„ . vh _ n v ,i tlP< - wpr - nipntif.il Solcl at 2 D C to 4 Oc (according tO Sizes), all marked 1 DC.
Pastrj- boards, sugar pine, 2jx The single pieces, decorated, are cheaper than plain white. any we nave Had c\ en wlien \aiues were pientiiui. . -r \ o s>
19V2 inches, 45c Covered Vegetable Dishes. 25c; regular Salad Bowls, 12c; regular price 40c It's times like these that show the mettle of the Hale store. We believe It's not a little of this or a little of that; not a few "specials" to be
i Chopping bowls. 11 inches. 8c. pr j cc - 5c an( j $1.00. . English flown blue decorations. ' c ver y OI) e realizes the power in Hale's Six-Storc-buying, but it has never snatched up and "just sold out" when most folks are calling for them. Not
Chopping knives, single or double, Covered Butter Dishes with drainers. Large White Meat Platters. 23c: regu- loomed up before them so strikingly as it does right now. old garments, nor undesirable qualities, but brand-new stocks and offered for
oc. 25c- regular price 7Sc lar price 50c and 75c. ~ " w W - the first time to-morrow. We would advise your buying at once if you are
Washing Machines. Tea Pots, large fancy' shapes. 2^c; reg- E *Z Cups. 5c; white and decorated All fhp H^lltf* thinking of buying at all. Even with the ample stocks we don't expect these
Don't drudge over a tub of hot suds. ular price 65c and 7 .=5c. ones; regular pr.ee 15c. A HIW 1 iCS.1^ ±2 L^Jl values to last long.
rn ca a ri bfa > ;d ur^a°v e e^e S^SSSSS Sou p P1 u atcs ' r^ ular p« 1OC: ™- many styles, s'TeguTar fSe-iSfc^nd AH over the State open the Underwear season to- Write if y™ can>t ca »-
for your back. too. Our "Western De- ular shapes as well as the new coupe: I5< - . . ,,,:+U «« ?*,„«.!,„ u« «.«.*#«-: ««.^ :
fender* (Improved) can be used by any decorated in blue undcrglaze. Daintv G1a« V«*c T nn »), n i,1, n«u day With remarkable OlterinigS. II T- 1 — I T^. J '
one. A man can do the washing-if _ D . . _ c painty uiass Vases, loothpick Hold- -c .ci ct c r o * 1 jt I HP WntTIPfi C I \Yl ft At*VX7tfk€l f
he will. Eliminate the drudgery and Tea Bowls and Berry Saucers, sc; rcg- ers, Olive Dishes, Sugar. Bowls, sc In San Francisco. Sacramento. Stockton, San Jose, Salinas, Petaluma and Los £ llV* V T l/lllvll 3 vJilvlWl WCCll •
make -washing a pleasure. J3.65. ular price ioc. now; regular price oc. Angeles. It's California's great underwear week. Opportunity <is knocking • ,,, ,. „, , a . ,
* at her door Can anv one kpen from nnenine- it> Cf\~ ~ Valu e 7^c. Plain, flat natural pray wool vest and pants: heavy, soft.
« . at ncr aoor - '- an any one Keep irom opening iu jUC warm quality; finished with pearl buttons, taped edges. Every size. 30
I /^t-_ _ e^^»- Her I flriv<hir» Cr\1-<Zf*+ *---+* .- - • «¦ -r * 5A- — Value 50c. Ribbed silver Rray wool vesta and pants: heavy, soft and
&&» \ . T^i^? «.1W1 l^dU^^lIip V^TJset nPf-^x V^ t- J 1 / A 1i^r^ *-«'/-r f T*-B ,rl/^*»m5;7C*«n ** OvC warm - Ve8t9 a "> Kpseted ln the arms: silk shell stitching in front and
< 2T%^i ( AV?# is the perfect corset. - 1 MC k-/ilI8OrCll S LJ FlOt^fi W WCil • ' W pearl buttons. Panrs with French yoke bands. These garments have just
*Mr±S>L. I /TL-XJ&& Perfect in fit **^ .^JLJ. 4J a.m^*^^* tt vwji w enough cotton to -keep them from shrinkingr. Every
i nfe-—^-^S^^ _ ""» "rr t "^Sv^T*^ I Perfect in style. . ffteT Si </ -Regular price 23c \nd 40c. Those heavy _ ' ' _ V aluc 75c White or natural rrav rih J^^Hs^iu^
"tW\ / '^n if- • • -r^ *wi( gr Perfect m wear. ¦ M^-" i. ¦ : iflC fleece lined cotton vesta and pantalets; CAp " S™ol vests MdoSt?-SS Sf? m? ll^lSrv
rJ&*Z^\ M//, OT W( Perfect in case. . W> , 1U^ straight Swiss ribbed, silver gray color. D\JL ? P , e d°™V silk bands in front and oeari fef^M ' V
I 1 ¥/ l\ //'Wfi-.JF== == ~ r^ff W Perfect in price. • . ¦ > 'V l Mj^' tape bound edges, pearl buttons. All stees. 16 to 84. buttons; p e a e^ %$£' .g* n £ n J2 k ™ SSdg.^ged 1
! / // r\ fiwlfy // ' Each with a distinct air of individ- -J Wj*? , -Misses' underwear. Regular prlce and narrowed cuffs and ankles. Sizes, 4. B and 6. *M&B&WM
t L— ' /*//'/' r / N>/ Nv/ uaiity. .. ,.,..j. ife^V^vV InC- Hlbbcd and shaped garments ln ecru. ,*-, —Fleece lined vests and pants; silver ,^»T§Sr fj^r/
V^T J*^ £///y Iff ' • ; - •¦¦¦¦-¦ ffl^T-^W] U^ fleece lined, finished with shell «ttchlng, /5C uray or ecru: ribbed vests with gussets M»W 1x7
&* I/*' If ¦ Co*-,,-. A *.4- W/^-v*.! M\\\wA\*t^ioi\ pearl buttons, covered seams. Sizes 3 to 12 years, ln tne arrng pea rl buttons: pants cut ff^P^'QIl- /\/%J
"*T?tti^ -fo/ ra.llCy Alt WOrK. v ¦ wide and full, with French yoke bands; vests ana CfeMV » / Ks K
*%,- "** "*~£Z%&i3 -r • x .• ' • l^i - — Bovs' and girls' underwear. Value 25c. pants have shaped and narrowed cuffs and ankles. //lK^ X^C^^IK^
r. . : . SS2aS^ Free instructions in em- /HFP^^' 'sM&) IOC Heavy ribbed, ecru, fleece lined shirts, Sizes 4, 5 and 6. sJLjP^t&FT^&^T
The Opportunity of the Season. % - broidery and lace stitching. iy made 3 Cr% -value boc. Bleached white, fleece lined. C^lll ilLz t vSI'
•¦¦ : ;.J I - T -vr."v\h-/- ¦'-?¦ ¦¦'••. _. . b Y /- J ' H. "W ercd seams. Sizes 16 to 34. . O5C cotton ribbed and shaped garments; vesta jl IBQI 9 - V(SSS=T
_^ -— -m -r m -* Tne winter session of the art ¦ jBsf • * \l fes^^^^ v^^*- with gussets In the arms, silk shell finish ,^-«3J!ii»^^La O WISF
n/\!6Of« Ii 5ri fiffl/rfc^T-/^^ JS/Tlk/^ school has opened at Hale's. It's a \ -« -Infants' wrappers. Fine ribbed ones. the K a lde d wil'h^n-'fiSv 11 H/CTHSfnll VHSwJ
Dollar Km uioves ooc. |£ h £^r o ?ri h ffi° IlilpIlP 18 flH|i| ! w
5,000 pairs just out of the Custom-house. 1 *S ffow XP you "oJr'o ' s"an - Boys> merlno garments fl : 8hlrts - ? anta " -25c w^!e. v^.iJ a i M . B^ .^Stu'SS
No glove could be prettier or newer or worthier. No good your embroidery work for pillow 25C ittiKSSoS "eSc^ Wt b™t t^°eSri n » I S«? S&S^TVfiSS * ." B-.^
, 11 i. xt » ' • u j u 1 tops or linens. If you want to learn — =5^^- and ankles krfe bound edges Sto 2 o 1 years w / rm auaHty vests with tape bound / « -Fleece lined union suits: heavy
gloves are usually SO Cheap. No Ones Size or shade has been SO m e riew lace stitches in uoinfTthi! • ---•* :i anwes. tape oounaeages aizes _io « years. ed pearl buttons. The identical gar- ZtSf» ribbed, silver gray or ecru ones;
f , ........... . - „. ' some new lace stitcries in usinpr the —Children's union suits: genuine double buttonholes: for large and small ment you would pay 50c for in the regular buttons across the chest. They're!
left OUt and all thlS Tight at the beginning Of rail! . new braids we have an instructor m SlJC Oneita make, ribbed, silver gray waists. Sizes 2 to 15 years. way. Here now at 23c. the genuine Onelta make, with gussets in
1 ,...-. that department who will show you *^ ww or ecru, fleece lined ones: edged „!_«_ „.,,,,., «.„„ _,.., _,.., *t* ¦* f\f\ — Wool union Buits; two styles; th e arms and nicely finished with shell
: On any one keep from buying? . how and no.char*es. W< are .Jre- s^^^^?££^ $ L00 SSa««-ffTSffi sr ia SSS^i ITA^-' flat seam3 * A11
The/re gloves that come direct from Germany-soft, prime ' Sli^SS *M H^S k ='- S^ffffiVhi^ffiui^n^^ C A -*¦* ««.> heav, H
lambskin; backs are embroidered ; at the wrist are two clasps, too m q gtte™. are all n«j 50c Sg c^n Lc-size is. ssc-size 2*. eoc-s.ze so. ffii t «! k^S 1 . 1 ;SaffiSSr.?S. r !JS& W C ffigS&ST S^fSTviftlSS:
many pretty shades among them-tan, mode, gray, red, S om e exclusive' de.?Ss* " ' SS&£ n ?" h & j'S^it^HMd; 1^ 8gSS^v:>ffi^S S JR^.-ft vaLV we^no^t d S! y 6lze - Be3t Sffi th^uTc&f 1 the walst:
black and so on. 8oc pair. P e?bife^ S&«5S lt «.ed al in b1 5aSSi " • ' -:'.,.//.- i
Sizes are assorted on tables. You may find what you want sSX^^/^ti^i^ ¦ ,^_^~ . > ' ' *« : • r^ • k •' «ffi
easily and quickly. ' stWeads, an sizes. 9c bunch. - -a^fSFf > ' iYien S FamOUS GOOOCr f^J^ Rt
' Jewels, all sizes, shapes and colors. J. fe.J{ | lU^Sk .1! 1V11 4-J Jl CU1 A A JL V-T fc-E 4J \J \J %* JL ' -^jf- /^K^
] They're just as good and rijrht in every way as if you paid $1.00. It's 20c Bead^looms^^c^each 0 d ? Z ' -JJ[W f^fiT^S {^^^^^^^^V
saved and no chances are taken, for we guarantee every pair ajrainst imoerfec- ' y <^&V*-^*Bfe! ?r\5r 1' . T^ • flji '^ : "^J 1" T J rSJlX <yr A
- nusiin at 5c. Kip.D.ed Underwear .jx^i^^
y&s&E~£~g*$jl$ffl /i*/ Bcod value at though it's ¦ *• ]l/^i^i^'i?^ a *- < °'' S 1 .00 sl Qsrmcnt= ss Rcs"ijl3.r Price Sl»50 sndS2 // '^^iliffiil'
JM S—^^^^ wS^idfESS X?« The new winter wdghtVin^^^r diflfe^lters, natural gray, P^^^^B
j d^^'^^^rrmt.^^wS^ &4f@£JlJjSd^^ 8c - , uc^ salmon and tan) ; full regular made garments, made only as '"Cooper" gar- ("i «/fl^w/W^S8^
™*" IIMI " " ii1 **^ Canton Flannel, ;^c yd. ments can be made, silk facing, silk stitching and French necks. They have a fit \ j ?SfeSIS^
Market Street, Near Sixth. b\?MTulh JZZnTlold^tZ'. 1 and comfort and satisfaction only to be had in Cooper garments. ' ' EM '®^^AMERICAN GIRL WHO HAS BECOME A PEERESS, ANOTHER WHO
WILL BE COUNTESS OF COVENTRY, AND COUNTRY SEAT OF
WHICH GLADYS DEACON MAY BE MISTRESS.
These scholars are to be distributed
through the different colleges, and aro
selected as much for personal character
istics, which make them the centers of In
fluence, as for their attainments as schol
ars.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— The first batch of
students selected for the Cecil Rhodes
scholarships at Oxford— seven from South
Africa and five from Germany— go In res
idence there this month.
The American contingent will not be se
lected for another year.
Bhodes Students at Oxford.
for the' church. His daughter-in-law.
Lady Curzon, has become an ardent dev
otee in the Church of England. In com
pany with, her little girls, Mary Irene and
Cynthia Blanche^ she attends divine ser
vice in India with clock-like regularity.
MARCHIONESS OF DUFFERIN.
Lady Dufferin, who was" Miss •Flora Da
vis of New York, has scarcely emerged
from the Dufferin family mourning . yet.
Her social career Is all before her. With
a prestige indeed rare, the career. is likely
to be a brilliant one. There Is no prettier
American woman. in England than the
new Marquis of Dufferin's wife— and tho
Marquis feels that way about it, too. Lord
Dufferin, unlike his distinguished father,
the late Lord Dufferin, is not . exactly
clever/ but he is charming. He met his
wife when he was an attache to the Brit
ish Embassy in Paris, and until the re
cent death of Lord Dufferin the pair were
known as Lord and Lady Clandeboye—
that being one of the minor titles of the
great diplomat which he was at liberty to
place at his son's disposal. The Marquis
is small, slight and clean-shaven. He has
a hobby in his bicycle, and particularly
enjoys riding about the most crowded
streets of London. But books and things
of that kind are not in his lordship's line.
It is said that the late Queen, out of def
erence to Lord Dufferin, helped his boys
into the army, else their bad examination
marks would have kept them forever out.
Lord and Lady Dufferin while in town
Miss Gladys Deacon May Be
Proudest Peeress of All.
A most suoerlor person —
and in consequence there Is practically
no doubt whatever that he will be re
warded for his work in India by a rise
In the peerage, becoming a Viscount at
the very least. Besides this, when Lord
Curzon's father dies the much older title
of Baron Scarsdale will descend to Lady
Curzon's husband.
When Lady Curzon comes back to live
in England she will find something pleas
antly familiar" about her husband's .an
cestral home, for Kedleston Hall, Lord
Scarsdale's country' seat, is built in Gre
cian style with many Corinthian columns.
So also is Government House. Calcutta,
Lord Curzon had the privilege of select
ing designs, for that building and with
sangfroid characteristic of him. chose his
own old home in England for the pattern.
One thing omitted from Government
House is the church which is built into
the side of Kedleston Hall. Lord Cur
zon's father. Baron Scarsdale, the Rev.
Nathaniel Holden Curzon, is clergyman
of the flock at Kedleston and has his own
house for the vicarage, his own chapel
guest of the Duke and his sister, Lady
Mary Howard, at Arundel Castle in Sus
sex, one of the greatest country seats In
England. The Duke is a Roman Catholic.
His only child by his former marriage
died recently.
HONORS AWAIT LADY COTtZON.
Ono Is accustomed to think that the
erstwhile Mary Victoria Lelter of Chicago
has already gathered about the biggest
title that Is open to an American woman
in England. As wife of the sub-King of
India she is a sort of courtesy Queen of
a far greater population than that of the
United States and holds a temporary rank
of which even the gentle little Duchess
of Marlborough is envious in a friendly
way. But the glories of India are fleeting,
and when Lord Curzon returns home from
his extended tenn as Viceroy his wife
would ordinarily have to step back down
to the lowest rank of peeresses, for her
brilliant husband is at present only a
common or garden Baron. As the poet
sings, however,
I am Geonro Nathaniel Curzon,
Somewhat similar to this situation in
the Leigh family Is one wnich may pre
vail In Sir William Vernon Harcourfs If
that vigorous old gentleman, on retire
ment from politics, does what he has often
been Invited to do, and enters the peerage.
Lady Harcourt Is an American. She was
Mrs. Ives when Sir William married her,
and her father was John Lothrop Motley,
the historian. Lady Harcourt would be
followed as peeress in the family by an
other American, her daughter-in-law,
Mrs. Lewis Vernon Harcourt, formerly
Miss Mary Ethel Burns or New York,
daughter of the late Walter Burns, one
of Plerpont Morgan's partners.
And of course among the other notable
"possibilities" of rises in the world are
Mrs. Joseph Chamberlain and Miss Gladys
Deacon. People who claim to know say
that, while Chamberlain will not ever
take a title for himself, he desires one
for his wife, and that if she survives him
she will be given the rank of peeress
in her own right. "" As for Miss Gladys
Deacon, should she and the great Duke of
Norfolk, premier peer In England, ac
tually make a match of it— as rumor In
sistently says they will— Mlsb Deacon will
step up ahead even of the Duchess of
Devonshire and the Duchess of Marlbor
ough, the Duke of Norfolk having the
highest hereditary rank of any man in
the land outside of royalty and, incident
ally., being one of the richest of the
peers. Miss Deacon has been of late tha
who has a high title ahead of her. Mrs.
Leigh will be Baroness Leigh of Stone
leigh Abbey. Kenll worth, Warwickshire.
This lady has lived abroad many years
and has long since grown accustomed to
England's state life; but her privileges,
like Lady Deerhurst, will t>e greatly en
larged when the Hon. Dudley becomes a
Baron. As It happens, the Hon. Roland
Leigh, so long- Sir Henry Campbell-Ban
iierman's private secretary, also married
an American— Mabel, daughter of General
Gordon of Savannah, Ga. Thus, al
though her husband is only a younger
brother of the Hon. Dudley Leigh, he is
not so very far removed from the title,
and a second American woman might pos
sibly some day be Baroness Leigh.
EHETLL BE BABONESS LEIGH. -
The Hon. Mrs. Dudley Leigh (Helen
Forbes, daughter of M. M. Beckwith of
New York), Is another American woman
In Bp'te of the money In the Deerhurst
marriage, there was and is much love as
wtU. Lady Deerhurst, being one of the
most amiable as well as beautiful of
women, is really adored by her husband.
The future Earl is cheerful, placid, pros
perous. He is brother to the dashing
Captain Coventry, who is one of the much
courted society beaux. Lady Deerhurst is
K&Id to love the name of "Deerhurst."
Eubsldlary title in the Coventry family,
and Is in no hurry to change It for Cov
entry. But when she does her dignity as
a Countess will place her well to the
front as a grande dame among American
women in English society.
English titles If they live, but the
fact seems to be overlooked that the
British peerage is to be considerably fur
ther Americanized by the elevation in
rank of a number of other daughters of
Columbia who have married heirs to great
r.ames. I find that there will be some
thing Uke a dozen of them, who in the
ordinary couree of nature will have taken
a big etep ehead by the time another
coronation In Westminster Abbey lines up
the whole gorgeous assortment of peer
esses before the public eye.
One of the most notable of these is the
lovely Lady Deerhurst of Dynes Hall.
Halstead, Essex, who is destined to be
come the Countess of Coventry. Lady
Deerhurst was Miss Virginia Daniels,
although prior to her marriage she was
more frequently known as Miss Bonynye,
the name ehe took as stepdaughter of
Charles B. Bonynge. the mining million
aire, formerly of California and New
York and now of Prince's Gate. London.
Princess Christian, the King's sister, is
devoted to Lady Deerhurst, and stood
sponsor for her little girl, while the King
himself Is godfather to the Deerhurst boy,
fiped 2.
LONDON, Oct. 3.-We hear a lot
about American peeresses end
about the half-American children
who will have high and mighty
Lady Deerhurst Is Destined to Become the
Countess of Coventry.
j
The Hon. Mrs. Bertrand Russell, who
was Mls3 Alys Smith of Philadelphia, is
the wife of , Earl Russell's brother and
heir. She will doubtless some day be
Countess Russell. The Hon. Bertrand
Russell is a lecturer at the University of
Cambridge and Mrs. Russell spends much
of her time in the college town. If she
does become "my lady" a woman quite
different in type from former Countesses
of Russell will uphold the dignity of the
house of Russell. The Hon. Mrs. Ber
trand Russell is a, temperance worker and
an ardent advocate of factory reforms.
The Hon. Mrs. Bertrand Russell, who
Is married to a brother of the present
Earl Camperdown. Mrs. Haldane-Duncan
was Mrs. Blancbard of Boston. Her girl
hood home was in Andover. Mass., and
her maiden name was Laura Dove.
The Hon. Mrs. William Carlngton (Ju
liet Warden) Is an American. Her hus
band Is Intimately associated with King
Edward's household. He is brother to
the present Earl Carrington, whose name,
oddly enough, has one more r than that
of his brother.
The Hon. Mrs. Octavius Lorabart mar
ried a brother of the present Earl Cavan.
Mrs. Lambart was Miss Hannah Sarah
Howard of Buffalo.
The Hon. Mrs. Charles Lawrence, who
was Miss Wiggln of New York. la mar
ried to a brother of Lord Lawrence.
(pronounced Marshbanks). whose hus
band is a younger son of Lord Tweed
mouth. Mrs. Majoribanks was Miss Eliz
abeth Trimble Brown of Nashville. Tenn.,
granddaughter of the Judge James Trim
ble Brown, who was once United States
Embassador to Russia.
The Hon. Mrs. Venables-Vernon mar
ried Into the line of succession to Baron
Vernon. She was Miss Louise Frost of
SL Louis.
Senator Perkins of California and Miss
Perkins have arrived In London from, the
Continent. They are stopping at the
Hotel Metropole. Next week they will
go over to Ireland and thence to America.
Koopman's business connections are tying
him to London more firmly each year.
Two remarkable little girls who may
make the acquaintance of America next
winter are Hesper and Eva, daughters of
Richard Le Galllenne. As Le Galllenne's
health will necessitate hla returning to
the United States In the autumn his wife
and the two children may accompany
him, closing temporarily their most ar
tistic house in St. Johns Wood. London.
The little Le Galllenne girls have al
ready shown signs of th*lr father** Indi
viduality. They are rarely beautiful chil
dren, and their recent experiences with
wedding parties have been the subject of
enough admiration to spoil them If they
realized Its full meaning. At the early
ages of 8 and 4 years the Misses Le Gal
llenne have been bridesmaids twice within
a few weeks. They assisted at the mar
riage of Miss Suzanne Sheldon and Henry
Ainley.'and at that of Miss Elizabeth
Sheldon with Anthony Hope.
Mrs. Le Galllenne Is Danish and a woman
of brilliant mind and unusual appearance.
Her little daughter Eva Inherits her
etheTeal type of both mind and body.
Miss Hesper is more like her father. Mrs.
Le Galllenne writes quite a little herself
and corresponds from London for several
Danish papers. As a hostess she Is fa
mous, her little dinners In the St. Johns
Wood house being renowned for their
simplicity and excellence. If, as she now
expects, Mrs. Le Galllenne accompanies
her husband to the United States, she
will do much entertaining there In the
apartment she and Mr. Le Galllenne think
of taking.
live In a charming house Lady Dufferin
had had decorated to suit herself. It is
in the new quarter about Cadogan square
and the colorings are pink, white and yel
low. The little Ladies Dotls and Ursula
Blackwood, aged 7 and 3. are much with
their mother. She, by the way, Is still
very young, not having yet reached 30. A
petite, fair-haired little woman, she Is a
marked contrast to her strong-minded
sister-in-law. Lady Hermlone Blackwood,
the nurse, who took hospital training in
order to have the care of her father dur
ing his last long illness. Lady Hermlone
divides her- time now between nursing in
the slums and staying with her mother In
Ireland. The Dowager Lady Dufferin.
who was once In the position Lady Cur
zon now holds in India, has given up
nearly all her philanthropic work, even
her practical Interest In nursing, which
was once very strong. Canada and India
both remember the Dowager Lady Duf
ferin in this connection.
Lady Cheylcsmore, who, until a very
short while ago, was the Hon. Mrs. Her
bert Eaton, used to be Miss French of
New York. A clever woman Is Lady
Cheylesmore, and although her social po
sition has been good ever since her com
ing to England, now that she is a Baron
ess her prestige is much greater. Being a
woman of rare tact, combined with ambi
tion, she will undoubtedly wield a strong
social influence in England before she
gets through with it. Lady Cheylesmore"s
children are much more than half Amer
ican, their father's mother having been
the daughter of Thomas L. Harman of
New Orleans. The home into possession
of which Lady Cheylesmore has just en
tered is a wonderful old estate with ro
mantic associations. It was once owned
by the Black Prince, then by the Earls
of Warwick, the Duke of Northumber
land and the present Marquis of Hertford,
father-in-law of the Pittsburg girl who
recently became Lady Yarmouth.
POSSIBLE PEERESSES.
Here are the names of some other
'American women, who are somewhere in
line for a share of ancient titles within
the next few years:'
Mrs. Alan Bempde-Johnstone (Antoin
ette Pinchot of New York), whose hus
band is a younger son of Lord Derwent
and is now in the Darmstadt legation.
The Hon. Mrs. Archibald Majoribanks
jubilant over the triumph of their
American motor launch Columbia. They
imported the little boat at the beginning
of the summer, and it has be«n plying:
vigorously between London and the va
rious river towns, and now at the close
of the season it holds the prize for hav
ing won more races than any other launch
on the Thames.-, Day L after . day in im
promptu tests the Columbia, sailing the
American flag bravely to the breeze, has
run past English-made boats.
Mr. and Mrs. Koopman have the dis
tinction of owning the only American
built launch on the Thames River. They
have an American to run It and have en
tertained dozens of American people on
board this summer. The launch has a
house of its own at Chelsea, and a favor
ite day trip has been the Journey from
Chelsea to Maidenhead. The grace and
speed of the Columbia have led several
wealthy men who own. estates along the
Thames to make inquiries with a view to
purchasing American boats next year.
E. B. Koopman Is brother to Augustus
Koopman, the artist, whose portrait of
Mrs. Alfred Stead (Elaine Hussey of In
dianapolis) has just been completed. The
Augustus Koopmans have been on the
Columbia a time or two, although Mr.
Koopman has been away from his Chel
sea studio most of the summer in an old
chateau near Paris. Mrs. Augustus Koop
man is a Bostonlan, and with her children
anticipates a visit to America before
many months.
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Koopman live In St.
Johns "Wood and entertain extensively
among the American colonists. Mr.
LONDON. Oct. 8.— Mr. and Mrs.
E. B. Koopman and Mrs. Koop
man's brother, Mr. Hamburger of
Philadelphia and New York, are
American Launch Carries Old
Glory to Front on Thames.
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
ELEVATION IN RANK OF FAIR WOMEN WHO HAVE MARRIED HEIRS
TO GREAT NAMES WILL FURTHER AMERICANIZE BRITISH PEERAGEJess Dandy, Successful Comedian, Who Thinks the Climb to Top of the Ladder Is Easy.
Here, where practically every man in the
symphony orchestra is employed at thea
ter or cafe, no small sacrifice has been.in
volved in the rehearsals necessary for the
symphony concerts. The Tivoli men. for
good example. Running colncidently with
the Scheel season has been the Tivoli's
Possibly this last Scheel season has been
the most instructive of the many sym
phony seasons we have had. It has been
more forcibly demonstrated than ever that
the local material is almost Fufilcient to
a good symphony concert, and that the
local appreciation is ripe for this highest
form of music. Mr. Scheel expresses him
self most pleased with the devotion of the
local musicians. Much hasV-.been said
mayhap at other times with* Justice— of
the indifference of our orchestral musi
cians to the furtherance of the symphony
art. Mascagni had nothing to say on this
head. He knew better, save when hi3
Latin enthusiasms led him into a little
florid grumbling. Still less has Scheel to
say. On the contrary, the famous con
ductor has nothing but cordial praise for
the men who have worked so earnestly
and faithfully with- him.
of Its highly successful season.
The second half will not begin until March
next, for we must share Mr. Scheel with
Philadelphia— or Philadelphia with us, and
the fraternal city's season is now almost
due.
WITH next Tuesday afternoon's con
cert the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will close the first half
Tuesday's Concert
Closes a Half of
Symphony Season
Raymond Hitchcock, the comedian of
"The Yankee Consul," has, been notified
of his election as associate member or
the Arlington Egyptologists* Societv \r.
recognition of hla services In the interest
of archaeology. Hitchcock oft the sta*e
If, a ,Tv ry Close 8tuden t of archaeow aid
his library on that subject is one £z
best In the country. He read a paper i£?
SS? me xr %*? n the Arlington society'
"The Mythology of Cheops." which IT*
tracted much attention. In hTs l els u™
moments from "The Yankee CrW,£
Hitchcock is extending this Pap W and £
pects to publish it during the aummer""
• • •
The second affair will be purely nfan
lstic. Miss Cottlow will pia/ the* «£"
Jor ballade of Chopin and the thirfy-^o
variations in C minor of Beethoven. Th«
tne^tlT 11 al3 ° bC hCard In Oa *£nd on
Miss Cottlow will play on the aame
evening the Busonl arrangement oftha
D major prelude and fugue for orsran
the B min6r capriccio of Brahms Tschal'
kowsky's "Romance" in F minor, some
Chopin movements and other important
numbers. Mr. Blumenfeld's aoloa win T.
Bnich's "Kol Nldrei," part of a Barh
scnata and Wlenlawski and Vleaxtemria
movements. V3
Miss Cottlow appears three times here
at Lyric Hall on Tuesday and Thursday
evenings, October 13 and 15, and on Oc
tober 17 in the afternoon. "Will L. Green
baum. under whose management Miss
Cottlow appears, has also arranged the
additional attraction of some ensemble
numbers, in which will be heard with the
pianist Natorp Blumenfeld, a young vio
linist who has the cachet of Mr. Scheel's
approval, and Arthur Weiss, the well
known local 'cellist. The artists will give
at the first concert the Rubinstein B flat
major trio.
Augusta Cottlow— she was "Gussie"
when she came here last, a pale, bright
eyed lassie of 14 or thereabouts— will be
the first pianist of the present season.
Miss Cottlow. whom one remembers as a
poetic and imaginative young girl, returns
to us with the reputation of a thoroughly
capable and mature artist. She has won
all kinds of favor since her visit here
particularly In fastidious Berlin, where
she appeared no fewer than three times
as pianist with the Philharmonic orches
tra.
• ;.-•";»
"La Boheme" will alternate with "Otel
lo" this week, and in this well beloved
opera comes Agostini's chance. De Spada.
who i3 doing admirable work this season*
will be the Miml. If only some one would
teach this clever singer what to do with
her hands!
It should not be forgotten among Its
notabilities that the performance, while
a cornucopia of fun, stopped always this
side of horseplay.
Tromben's Rosina, though a little fidg
ety, was much the best thing she has
done. She was piquant and charming to
look at, to begin with, vivacious in the
acting, and one saw reason frequently for
her title, "The Venetian Nightingale."
But the little soprano must cease from
the high note abomination. It 13 tearing
that delicate little throat of hers to pieces,
and rapidly spoiling a charming voice.
Even if the hoi polloi cannot be depended
upon to applaud without the stretched top
note it is still not worth while. The others
will, and the voice be saved. It's
worth while thinking about. Miss Trom
ben. Tedeschi. who showed at first a sav
ing virtue in this regard, seems also to
be indulging in the habit. To him, also,
one would say "don't." Tedeschi and the
clever Cortesi as Almaviva and Dr. Bar
tolo respectively, completed "The Bar
ber's" cast. •
Gregoretti's Figaro, a superb present
ment of the part, was the event of last
week's opera, Tha Tlvoll'a new barytone
Is eminently the Tivoli'a most successful
investment of the season's new people.
He gave us first an Amonasro second only
to Salassa's wonderfully poetic conception
of the part, then a Count dl Luna and a
Monsieur Duval unequaled here, and now
the best Flraro that we have had. This
week we shall have Grcgorettl in new
vein, in the role of Iago, in which he
will have to challenge comparison with
the historic Iago of Salassa. Comedy
seems to be the barytone's stronghold,
his Figaro the most affluently funny per
formance I have seen of the rdle, but we
-shall see what we shall see.
In its humorous side the tremendous
difficulty of the Figaro role Is frequently
forgotten. The "Largo al Factotum" ia
among the most tongue-tripping songs in
all the range of opera, Gregoretti'a per
formance of it was simply priceless, his
articulation a marveL Not only so,* but
every word of it brimmed with meaning.
You didn't need any score to know what
he was talking about, and it was so
throughout the whole performance. Tho
recitativos in which the opera abounds
were also models of that not easy art.
One remembers gratefully too Trava
glini, whose Don Basilio was another
pleasing effort In a gallery of good things.
Though Travaglini's voice has neither the
opulent fiber nor smoothness of Dado's,
the basso is an artistic and thoughtful
singer. His "La Calumnla" was most
ably sung.
• • •
All kinds of plans are in the air for next
season. One innovation, most important,
la that of giving th© concerts in the even-
Ing, which will give at least a doubled
audience. Another that will add Import
antly to the popular interest of the series
Is the engagement of soloists for the con
cert. Mme. Schumann-Heink being among
those mentioned. The season will begin
in March next, to last until the following
June. Like all our good things, we snail
hav© our symphony in the summer.
And now. for the farewell Tuesday con
cert will be given the lovely Schubert
symphony No. 10, the Beethoven overture
No. 3 and the LJzst rhapsodle No. 2. The
novelty pt the afternoon will be H. J.
Stewart's Incidental music to Montexuma
that will then be given for the first time
outside of the sacred precincts of th« Bo
hemian Grove. I hear very good things
of it. This, and the fact of It being the
last concert, with gratitude to the conduc
tor, the men and the San Francisco Sym
phony Society, should Insure the most
crowded house- of the season, where all
have been good.
grand opera season, the last named in
volving the rehearsal of two new operas
a week. At the cafes the musicians are
in little better case yet in spite of this
the men have given half an hour, an hour,
an hour and a half even over the two
hour rehearsal of the symphony, for pur*
love of the work and their conductor. It
has meant going without a meal some
times, and working like a horse at all
times, and one should not forget to be
grateful for these things.
The man and the time are both here,
for that Is what this all means. What
it means to the next half of the season
is even more important. Confidence in the
Scheel leadership has led to the full sup
port of the musical union, and to its con
sent to the entirely sensible design of im
porting for the rest of the concerts the
half dozen or so musicians who are nec
essary to the full stature of the- orchestra.
These will bo of the best the world af
fords.
Ho began, deftly shoveling on another
eyebrow the while: "Well, I took up this
business rather as a Joke, would you be
lieve it?"
"The deadly serious business of being
funny as«. Joke!" I protested. "Fie, fie,
Mr. Dpndy!"
"I did, indeed," scotching a fun furrow
round his mouth. "I've only been in the
business five years — since I was 26 "
"Oh, Dandy!" I murmured. I had given
him 40.
"Used to be a commercial traveler
for "
"For? " as he hesitated.
"A delicate matter," he delicately put
it— "ladies' "
"Ah "
"And waists. I am a dandy on shirt
waists. I studied medicine for nineteen
months before that. But it was because
I told such good stories on the road— best
story-teller on the road they called me —
that I came into this. They used to get
me into all the free shows going to per
form, and I thought I might as well get
paid for it."
. "What did you do first?"
"First verse of the Widow," cried
"Frank."'
"You're too pale to-night, Dandy,"
Donaldson's suggestion.
"This wig's not going to stay on," de
spairingly from the comedian. Then he
desperately plastered its edge to his brow,
and slapped the suggested blush on hia
broad cheek.
"Say, she's off," Frank yelled and flung
the comedian into his top hat, coat and
scarlet vest— the last gilded button of it
finding Its hole as he raced on the stage
in less space than it takes to say "Jack
Robinson." He sang out as parting bless
ing to the poor fellow: "Fix your hat;
there's dirt on It."
"Oh-o-o," I sighed breathlessly.
"Quick work," Frank said, coolly smil
ing. He's u»ed to it. Then he began to
lay out the 25 cents' worth of starch and
shirt that Dandy spoils nightly in the
fountain he wallows in. He put out, too,
the large, white vest, another wig, a pair
of rubber boots and the dress suit that
accompany the occasion. "Thirty-five
cents it costs in laundry every night for
that five minutes," he put it.
"It's worth more," I said, with a remin
iscent" grin.
Then, off with Mr. Dandy, I turned to
Mr. Donaldson, whose reputed connection
with Ibsen had naturally fascinated me.
A fellow of enviable inches this, a big,
breezy, wholesome personality, poles
apart from the Oswald person in
"Ghosts" that Mr. Donaldson tells me is
one of his favorite parts.
"Yes, I know Ibsen very well." the ac
tor replied. "He and my father were
great friends at home— I'm a Swede, you
know— and that is how I came to know
him. Yes, I think him the greatest liv
ing playwright, our Scandinavian Shake
speare. I've played most of the maip
parts in his plays— yet here I am in musi
cal comedy," he ended with an uncom
fortable little laugh. "But that's because
it is the rage"— Mr. Donaldson fascinat
ingly says "wage." "I want to play Ib
sen and Shakespeare. Why they don't
play more of Ibsen's dramas is to me sur
prising. But he will be popular when
America gets more serious and thinks net
so much of the almighty dollar. Now,
people must work too hard for the dollar.
They do not want to think at night. They
must be amused. Do you not think so?"
I nodded assent and then told Mr. Don
aldson of our own Ibsen productions, of
Blanche Bates and Nance O'Neil's Hedda
Gabler, and of the latter's Lady Inger of
Ostrat, ending" up by asking whether
' "Gaibler," as the O'Neil has it, or the
"Gabbler" of the rest of us is correct. "
"Gahbler, of course," the Ibsenite cried,
and Nance O'Neil would never do it again
if she had heard his shocked tone.
"Tell me more of Ibsen, though."
"He's a pretty hard proposition," the
Swede Americanly put it. "Looks very
stern, so!"— but Mr. Donaldson had not
the Honlike mane for his picture— "saya
bitter, stinging things, many. But he
doesn't mean them. Winks his eye, you
know. I imitated him on the stage once
In Stockholm in a little two-act comedy.
Lord, how the people laughed!"
"What did he sav?"
"Laughed, too, if he heard of It," the
actor said confidently. "Ibsen used to
be a newspaper man at first," he went
on "editor of a daily paper." ,,; :,
''Lovely!" said this newspaper person.
"There's hope yet."
"Then"— but here Mr. Dandy returned.
His nobla brow was beaded with hon
est toll, but he took up the interview
where he left off. "Now, then, where
was I?"
"You had Just been born," Mr. Don
aldson prompted.
"Ah, in Rochester, New York, thirty
one years ago," Dandy Innocently con
tinued.
"Vos you effer in Zinzlnnatl?" I asked
obviously.
"Yes, and a good enough town It is,"
the New Yorker said, "but Frisco's good
enough for me. There's plenty of things
to keep an actor out of his bed here,
even after New. York."
"Praise from Caesar," I murmured, "but
you were telling me about your start in
this business."
"Well, I began in vaudeville," Mr. Dan
dy replied, tossing off a glass of water
with peculiar relish for a brewer, "and
it was no. trouble at all for me to attain
almost the top notch in eight weeks."
"Really!"
"Yes. I did a Hebrew monologue — very
refined— and I got my $150 a week on the
Keith circuit in no time. Then I got
an engagement, $150 a week and {ares
both ways, on the Orpheum circuit here.
Why I : didn't get to Frisco was because
they objected then tb\the Hebrew mono
logue in the OrpheunJ, and somehow I
didn't want to come here after that. But
they've had Julian Rose since, who emu
lates my performance very thoroughly—
and is lower priced— and I hear- he mada
quite a success with the people. If he
did, I should have eaten them up!"— a
real/sizable "I" please, Mr. Printer.
"That I'm sure of, Mr. Dandy," I en
couraged.-
"I always wrote my own monologues
and parodies, you know— it was mostly a
musical act mine. I wrote most of the
verses of 'It Was the Dutch,' that I hear
made no success here at all until I
sung it." .
"A fine comic sonjr, and excellently
Modestly resigned then to being the hub
of things generally and of "The Prince
of Pilsen" in particular, the comedian
gave me a chat to that effect. He had
struck me as being a good deal of a hub
in "The Prince of Pilsen," but I never,
never suspected the depth of his hubbi
ness until h© told me all about it him
self.
Comfortably wigged now, the comedian
turned his attention to his eyebrows and
to me, offering first a cigarto the artist.
"I"— a nice' large one, Mr. Printer,
please, even if i myself have to go with
out an "I" to me name, fo'r Mr. Dandy
speaks — "I don't know if I can give you
what you want. It — this — well — is — prac
tically—my first interview."
I expressed the expected surprise with
out difficulty, for Dandy is an unctuously
humored comedian • on stage, and
prompted: "It is just a little chat about
you and your work that I want, Mr.
Dandy."
Miss Fraganza passed me, a flame of
scarlet, lit by two big brown eyes, Ida
lene Cotton's neat ankles and flaming
halo added zest to the scene and the cur
tain of the first act went down on a bil
lowy mass of girl and uniformed man.
;\Ve bade good-by to Mr. Dandy then.
As he said it, wondering If he had been
"I-Ing" himself too much, he recalled:
"I have some photographs of myself that
might be useful. I will let you have them
if you will be very careful of them. They
were taken at 6 months, at 3 years, 4
years and 6 years old. Mother gave them
to me when I came away, thinking they
might come in."
I thought it a pity, too, and said so.
"In other people's opinion, too," Mr.
Dandy said, "in places where we have
followed the first company."
"That's nice," I said, and followed Mr.
Dandy among the butterfly girls floating
about, to his next scene on the stage. I
had a little chat there with Nick Long,
neat, slim, chipper, who was bewailing
the fact that his and Idalene Cotton'3
specialty, "one of the most difficult turns
of the kind in the business," didn't come
on until 11 o'clock.
"You were with the original company?"
I asked the interpreter of the role of the
real Prince of Pilsen.
He nodded an affirmative and volun
teered, "And in my opinion this company
is the better one."
"There is a double understudy for every
part in the company," he informed me.
"There's one of 'em on to-night, the un
derstudy of the English lord. Clifford,
who has the part, broke two ribs falling
down over a piece of peach peel to-day.
The other chap is doing very nicely, but
we're all a bit nervous for him. Of course
it lacks the zip! zip!" and Dandy snapped
his fingers eloquently.
The artist then humbly asking the com
edian to hold still for a second or two
brought out: "Frank Mostyn Kelly want
ed to draw me before I came out, for the
. I used to do newspaper stuff my
self." this to me. "That was for the New
York Sun. Baseball stuff. No trouble at
all to me, as I'm a baseball sharp."
"You don't seem to make much trou
ble of anything, Mr. Dandy?"
"No, I'm pretty easy-going. And I sel
dom get angry. It's years between the
times when I remember to have been
reaJly angry. Then she yips!— oh, Lord!
my cue!''
, He returned later to tell me that I
should have soon to vacate the dressing
room for his change of costume.
"People think," with a comical attempt
to be pathetic, "that ihe theatrical life
is all pie. But I tell you that witn
changing costumes— I strip to the skin
after the fountain scene — oft a matinee
day, for example, and with everything
else it's a hard eight-hour day we put in.
Donaldson here's had it for a year and
a half now."
"Well, there isn't any immediate cessa
tion of this in prospect," Mr. Dandy
proudly confessed. "I'm signed for three
years with Mr. Savage and am most llke
iy going to Europe with the company In
thi3 comedy. And, of course, since I've
made good in this I've had stacks of of
fers."
"You have an understudy, you told
me?"
"And you're enjoying it?"
"Every minute of it," said the come
dian, heartily. "I've renamed the tour,
with the approval of the entire company,
•Henry W. Savage's pleasure 'tour with
salary.' " :
"And after thl«?"
"Every time I take my hat off"— Mr.
Dandy has returned— "I have to hold the
wig on. It's awful. It takes away all
the—"
"Spontaneity — "
"Ease," the comedian preferred, "from
one's playing."
"Does !t make you nervous?"
"Oh, no; I'm of very unnervous cali
ber," he sized himself up. "But I was
telling you how I came to tte here. Mr.
Ransome played this part of mine in the
original 'Prince of Pilsen,' you know.
Then came the time to send out a second
company. Well, Mr. Savage, our man
ager, is a man who doesn't send out bad
copies of the original company, but tries
to Improve on the first, you see. They
got mo?t of the people together, easily
enough, but then came the problem of
filling Ransome's place. Mr. Savage tried
innumerable men. rehearsed dozens and
dozens of 'em before he got to me. Tou
see, there's a peculiar personality re
quired for the part. I fitted it, however,
and here I am."
"Because it is 'nasty,' as the English
say?" the actor asked. "Believe me. Miss
Partington, if I had a young son and
daughter, I would not hesitate to send
them to a-oy Ibsen play. Think of the
lesson of 'Ghosts' to any young man.
Nothing could be more valuable. Then
for political morality there is 'The Pillars
of Society.' All of the plays have some
lesson."
"He is a master of stagecraft, isn't
he?" Donaldson said. "I played most of
them, really. Oswald, in 'Ghosts,' is my
favorite.*'
"We have not had that here."
"What parts did you play under Ibsen's
own direction?" I asked. "What an in
spiration!"
6ung,"yl subscribed heartily.
He rushed out here again and I
"tackled" my Ibsen man, now resplendent
in full regimentals.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, PUNDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
IT was from Mr. Sothern's room, aye,
from Henry Miller's former quarters,
wherefrom, too, the thoughtful face
of Dave Warfield had looked out at
me, that Jess Dandy's voice, sur
mounting the thrilling shirt and gray
trews of 'The Prince of Pilsen's" first
act, t aid, "Come In."
There was no need of introductions.
Dandy off the -stage Is Dandy on. Ex
cept as to the hair. That he held In his
hand. He used the other plump paw to
drag in a chair for me from Miss Fra
canza's room across the alley, for, needs
not be said, this was behind scenes at
the Columbia,
The comedian was making up for the
performance, and troubled about his wigs.
, He had come in late, to find the rubber
band that holds his star wig. on broken. (
With a Quick "You'll excuse me if I
go on? I'm late, and of course things
have gone wrong," Mr. Dandy gave mo
his round phiz in the make-up mirror
and a back view of an opulent plumpness.
"Don't let me bother you," I said, not
sorry for the chance to look about' me.
I noted first that Hans Wasrner'a up
holstery is all Dandy's own, except as
before said, the hair. His own is shy
and darkish. At his elbow Arthur Don
aldson, once of the Tivoli and as a youth
a protege of Ibsen, was donning the war
paint of the Prince of Pilsen. The stage
manager's dog, small, shaggy, blase,
camped under the washstand. Outside,
running up p.nd down the alley, was a
'brilliant flutter of girls, chiffoned and
spangled in all the colors of the rain
bow, and humming, piping and whistling
"The Prince of Pilsen" as if they did
not get it eight times a week and Sun
days. Perhaps this is because they are
all young, wonderfully young, slim -bits
of girls mostly that haven't turned up
their hair yet. An occasional chorus man
— he is rapidly becoming a curiosity—dec
orated the procession, and 'over all was
the warm, electric, unmistakable odor of
the theater.
Mr. Dandy was now trying on rapidly
and critically two other shocks of stub
born, sandy locks, and apostrophizing the
effect in the mirror. "Won't do. What
do you think of that? Awful, isn't it?"
. He returned then to the first; that cat
but loosely upon his moist brow/ and ex
plained: "We had an understudy rehears-
al this morning and my understudy broke
the thins." t . '
"Larger head than yours, Mr. Dandy,"
I suggested. I hadn't seen all around his
I-ness' of Zinzlnnati's then! "Couldn't. it
be tacked on?"
"Or I could fasten it with a string to
my collar button," he laughed good hu
moredly. Then he turned to his ."helper"
— who had half . a make-up on himself —
and cried: "Quick, Frank, ask Mrs. — •
to come here and take a reef In my back
hair." ¦¦ v
¦_,-': In a moment the black robed, white
aproned wardrobe mistress flew in, and
with a tremblingly threaded needle took
a tuck in the neck of the- wig." while Mr.
Dandy sighed importantly :;_',' Ah, the pub
lic little thinks on what trivial things. a
• great production hangs." 1
46THE session of California Council
of the National Union on tho third
Wednesday in September was
marked by a good attendance and
.the reception at several . applica
tions for membership. After the
routine business had been disposed
of Speaker E. C. Ker took charge of the
council and Introduced a number of pleas
ing features. Since Speaker Ker has look-
X"t-a after the social part of the meetings
,&£ has succeeded in presenting pro
grammes that have not only been appre
ciated by all, but have been the means of
i increasing the attendance, for by word of
rnouth it has been passed along the line
that Krr's nights are extremely enjoy
able. The programme at the last held
xaeetins included a piano solo by Thomas
National Union.
Nowlan, vocal selections by the California
Council Quartet, vocal solo by Friend
Smith, mandolin and guitar selections by
professionals; monologue, M. ¦ Sculley;
bass solo, E. C Ker; comicalities, M.
Barrington; vocal selections, the quar
tette; ballads, Thomas Nowlan, and clos
ing song by the council. .
President Jeffris of the Senate who was
expected to pay an oflicial visit to the
councils of California In the latter part of
October, has telegraphed that he cannot
come before December 2.
San Francisco Council at Its last meet
ing Initiated one stranger and received
four applications.
El Dorado Council at Its last session
initiated two strangers and four applica
tions were presented.
.Mission Council at its second meeting
in September had several applications
presented to it. '_-••'
Golden Gate Council at Its meeting Sep
tember 22 received • several applications
and under good for the order was enter-
talned with music and song andaddresse's '
on the work- of the Senate of the order,'
by Senators Cuthbert ¦ and Senate Dooro
keeper Field.
•During the past week J. N." Bunting,
general deputy for the National Union,
Sons of St. George.
BURNABY LODGE of the Sons of St.
George had a ladies' night in th<j
latter part of September which was
a most pleasant affair. It was given In
the Laurel Hall of the Shlels building,
which was tastefully decorated with
American and .British flags, tricolor bunt
ing, ferns and flowers. The hall was
crowded and many had to stand. The
programme opened with a • few remarks
by President Joseph E. Potter, after
•which the Orpheus Quartet, under the
leadership of H. W. Gerrans, rendered the
popular Intermezzo, "Aurora," which was
received with many marks of apprecia
tion. W. Piper followed with, a vocal
solo; H. W. Gerrans, accompanied on the
'piano by Miss Maude Jacks, sang the old
favorite ballads, "Will o* the Wisp" and
"Only a Soldier Boy"; Master Trever
thrick favored with fancy dances in High-
Ancient Order Workmen
NOW that the Ancient Order of
Workmen in California has adopted
the. new plan of assessment all the
deputies are visiting the lodges in the Ju
risdiction for the purpose of telling what
was done in the special session of the
California Grand Lodge and why it was
done. The Grand Lodge will soon have
literature on this subject for distribution
to the membership of the order.
The new rates will go into effect on the
first of next January and in the meantime
the Grand Lodge will* prepare the neces
sary blanks to enable members to adopt
any of the options that are embraced in
the general plan.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge of the Degree cf
Honor gave a party in Red Men's Hall on
the first Saturday in October, which
proved to be a most delightful function.
Well-Kn.own Members of Three of the Fraternal Societies of This Gity
RICHMOND COUNCIL, of th» Or
der of Pendo, located at Richmond,
Contra Costa County, Is making
rapid progress. It ha» been established
but ft short time and already has 88 mem
bers. At Its last meeting there -was a so
cial ttoe and ose cf the features vai
? * cooo hunt. A prite was awarded to
the member who caught th* coon.
University Council of Berkeley gave
an entertainment and boll in Woodmen's
Ilall on the evening of September 23.
Golden Gate Council at Its last session
h'ad an Interesting meeting and at the
close- of business there was dancing and
t>e sen-ing of refreshments.
. Supreme Council Tugwell Is BtlU out
of the State. Last week he visited the
councils In Montana and it Is expected
that he will return to this city about Oc
tober 5. On his way home he win visit
the councils in Oregon.
Golden State Council of Oakland, has
arranged for an entertainment and dance
.In its hall on the night of October 3.
Volunteer Council has arranged for a
social evening on the last meeting night
In each month. On the return of the Su
preme Councilor to this city this council
will tender }..m.a reception and welcome
fcome.
Order of Pendo.
Great Sachem Samuels paid a visit last
week to Monadnock Tribe in Mission
Opera Hall. During the evening a dele
gation of the members of the White
Eagle Tribe visited Monadnock. The last
named has appointed two teams of ten
members each, who will endeavor, during
a stated period, to add fifty palefaces to
the tribe and make good Red Men of
them. ,
A team from Snenandoah Tribe of Pi
nole visited Solano Tribe at Benlcia last
week and conferred the warrior and the
chief's degree on thirty eligibles for the
sitting tribe, in a manner that won for it
many words of praise. ' Great Chief of
Records Porter L. Bliss, who was present
by invitation, on behalf of the sitting
tribe, delivered an address of welcome to
the visiting team and subsequently was
the toastmaster at a feast of corn and
venison. '
The Red Men.
MESSRS. SMITH. TYRRELL. AND
BRANDT, who were representa
tives from California to the Great
Council of the United States, have re
turned. Representatives Hutaff and Las
treto will return this week.
The good work of the members of tha
order during the last term In the reserva
tion of California raised It from, seventh
to sixth place in numerical order, beating
Pennsylvania and being but a few hun
dreds below Massachusetts.
DURING tho latter part of Septem
ber the Ladies' Auxiliary to Cali
fornia Commandery, Knights Tem
plar, tendered' a luncheon in one of the
prominent rotisseries to Miss Mary J.
Bragg, the secretary, who recently re
turned from a visit to the East. It was
a sort of an Informal affair, but It was
greatly enjoyed by all who were around
the beautifully decorated and flower be
decked table. After the lunch Miss Bragg
spoke very entertainingly for some time,
and there were also some remarks by
Mrs. W. R. Jones, president of the auxili
ary. Then each one had a few words to
say expressive of pleasure at being able
to meet once more with the very popular
secretary. Those besides the guest of
honor present were: . Mrs. W. R. Jones,
Mrs. 8. A. McDonnell, Mrs. Val Schmidt.
Mrs. J. F. Logan, Mrs. E. P. Heald, Mrs.
Land and Mrs. Jones of Fresno, Mrs.
Henry Holmes, Mrs. Ichebaum, Mrs.
Cummings, Mrs. A. A. Batkin, Mrs. T. L.
Henderson, Mrs. Timothy J. Crowley,
Mrs. Landower, Mrs. Rutherford, Mrs.
Bogart, Mrs. J. Young, Mrs. Ross,* Mrs.
Nlcholls, Mrs. Jaegllng; Mrs. Radke, Mrs.
John Fraser Mclntosh, Miss Jenny Wil
son, Mrs. George Haas, Mrs. Cachot, Mrs.
Shaunnessy, , Mrs. A. Marsh, Mrs. F.
Marsh, Mrs. Mundrell, Mrs. George Neu
man, Mrs. J. F. Prior. Mrs. McJunkln
and Mrs. T. Byron de Witt.
The September meeting of the auxiliary
In Eutopia Hall was well attended. All
the officers were present and Mrs. Mun
drell Was initiated. The auxiliary has
been invited to visit Fresno for the pur
pose of organizing an auxiliary In the
Raisin City as an adjunct to Fresno Com
mandery. The hostesses- for the day were
Mrs. W. Martenstein and Mrs. J. Young.
After the meeting a dainty lunch was
served. There will be a surprise enter
tainment at the October meeting of this
organization of ladies.
Ladies' Auxiliary.
met with a sad loss and he has the sym
pathy of all members of the order. His
wife, to whom he had been married a lit
tle less than three years, died In child
birth. Her remains were taken to San
Jose for interment In the family plat.
A n'ew company was recently mustered,
in at San Jose with twenty-nine member*
and It has ordered uniforms.
Oakland Tent has made arrangements
for a grand ball to be given November 12.
Uniform Company No. 11 of Oakland
gave its first smoker and bean supper last
week. There was a good attendance, an
enjoyable programme and a good sup
per. This company Is doing remarkably
well in the drill and it expects. In the
near future, to bo one of the best drilled
companies of the rank In this State.
Deputy State Commander H. U. Ensign
recently installed the officers of Mission
Tent of the Maccabees, after which thero
was an open meeting and a 'programme of
music, song and recitations and the serv
ing of refreshments.
The social dance given by Golden West
Division of the Uniformed Rank of the
K. O. T. M. in the armory. 2S Golden Gate
avenue, was well attended and proved a
very enjoyable affair. 9
Golden West Tent has made arrange
ments for a high-class smoker to be given
on the evening of October 13. Some of the
best talent in the city has been engaged
for the occasion and one of the best pro
grammes that can be arranged will bo
presented.
Golden "West T«nt at its last meeting
initiated five strangers and received three
applications. There were many sir
knights present and under good for the
order there were many lnterestinjj ad
dresses for th© advancement of the or
der in this city. This tent has under
consideration the giving of a high class
smoker.
A new tent of the order has been or
ganized in Berkeley with jl charter list
of thirty members.
The Maccabees.
STATE COMMANDER HALL of the
Knights of the Maccabees is at this
time making a tour of the south
ern part of the State visiting the several
The social Golden Gate Lodge had
scheduled for October 1 has been post
poned on account of tho number of can
didates this lodge has In waiting to re.
celve the several ranks of the order. It
has been decided to devoto every mertin;?
night In October to the conferring of the
ranks. The lodge will have a ladies*
night November 6. when there will be an
entertainment and dance.' This lrxlgf has
under consideration a proposition to or
ganize a degree team to confer the three
ranks of the order.
Zert Ilappt, D. O. K. K., will on ths
evening of October 13 pitch Its tents on
the great desert and receive several pil
grims who are anxious to learn of Orien
tal mysteries. The ceremonial session
promises to be interesting for the pil
grims.
San Francisco Company No. B8 of the
Uniform Rank will give a grand enter
tainment October 20 for the purpose of
raising funds to make tbe trfp to Louis
ville In order to attend the competitive
drill ir 1304.
September 21 Grand Chancellor 8argent
paid an official visit to Laurel Lodge in
this city, the following night he was with
Magnolia Lodge and on the 23d was with
Alemania Lodge. He *was accompanied
by Grand Keeper of Records and Seal
Schaffner and Colonel Timothy J. Crow
ley. September 80 ha visited Syracuse
Lodge.
On September 21 a new company of th*
Uniform Rank was Instituted and mus
tered la at East Oakland.
ON the- last Friday In September
thero was a Joint anniversary cele
bration by San Diego, Red Star
and Lorna lodges of tho Knights of
Pythias In San Diego. The grand chan
cellor was present.
Whlttier Company of the Uniform Bank
was mustered In on the last Saturday
In September In Whlttier, by Brigadier
General McGlashan and a number of tie
high officers of the rank.
On the evening of September 23 there
was a Jollification In the city cf Los An
geles by tho membership of the lodges
of that city and of the companies of tn«*
Uniform Rank.
Knights of Pythias.
•-
GRAND PRESIDENT STELLA
FINKELDEY of the Native
Dc-Jghters of the Golden West
announces the following visita
tions for November: To Vendome
Parlor. November 2: Verona, 3; Ema
Crockett, 4; Fern, 5; Marguerite, 6; Joa
quin. 10; Liberty. 11; Orinda, IT; Eschol.
,33; Clear Lake. 14; Fremont, 16; Yosemite,
IT; Golden S:ate, 18; Gabrielle, 19; Las Lo
• mas, 20; La Estrella, 21; Sans Souct, 23; La
Vespero. 21 : Hay wards, 25; Genevleve, 26;
Pino 1 , p. "7; Bunita, 2S, and Darlna, 80.
The plcr.eer night of La Bandera Par
k>r of Sacramento was splendidly man
aged and pr*ved a very pleasant event.
The hall, which was very tastefully dec
orated, was well filled- and under the di
rection of the committee, of which Mrs.
'•Maude Young was the chairman, and
• which did Its jrork exceedingly well, the
. following programme was presented:
" Sor.g. "Annie Laurie." Mrs. George C.
Sherman; paper, "Pioneers," Miss May
Burgess; song, "The Last Rose of Sum
mer." Mies Olive Sheehan; piano solo.
"The Irish Washerwoman," Miss Blanche
j Cror.an; sonp. "Ben Bolt," Miss Jeannette
• Prltchard; song. "Auld Lang Syne," by
I the entire parlor. Ice cream and cako
' were served after the I'ntertalnmait.
Up*>er Lake Parlor of Clear Lake cele
brated Pioneer day and had for special
guests th* pioneers and the elderly ladies
of Middleton and Immediate vicinity, en
tertaining eil with a pleading programme
• of music, oongB, recitations and publlo
readings, after which ice cream and cakes
¦were served. It was a very pleasant re
union.-
The official visit of Grand President
Stella Fiske!dc>y to Alta Parlor In the
latter port cf September was marked by
the large attendance of members and vis
itors. Unfler g-ooa for the order the
grand president commended the officers
for the manner In which they exempli
fied the ritualistic work and took occasion
to eoeak of her Interest in the Native
Daughters' Heine, saying that while it Is
an adjunct of the Native Daughters she
hoped that et com* time It would become
en Integral part of the organization. Dis
trict Deputy Grand President Anna F.
Lacy praised the parlor and its active
workers, stating that with the five ini
tiated during the evening the membership
of the banner parlor had been Increased
•o. 2?T. Past Grand President Eliza D.
Kolth spoke at pome length and quoted
pert of the grand president's address,
which she said supported her views In
regard • to tha home, and then Epoke at
some length en various topics In which
the order is Interested. Past Grand Pres
ident -Mrs. Baker followed, and said that
SwhiJ* the Native Daughters* Home Is a
srparate corporation, that "by the order
of the Sixth Ar.nr.ual Grand Parlcr it
surely Is a part of the order." Past
Grand President L. H, Mills spoke of the
Native Daughters' duty to the pioneers.
Past Grar.d President Mary E. Tillman
i dwelt upon the many faces the missed
from tb« parlor, many of whom have
gone in the higher parlor. Past President
IJplle W. Conrad spoke cf the beauty of
the language of the ritual, after which
Julia A. Stelnbach presented the grand
president, on behalf of the parlor, a
.beautiful cutglass vase as a token of fra
ternal love and good wllL The district
I deputy was presented a bunch cf Ameri
?can Beauties.
? Keith Parlor on the last Monday In Sep-
I tPir.ber had a pleasant 2-c«*nt party which
was attended by many of the members
and a number of their friends, wht> each
contributed 2 cents and received a sealed
package. The opening of the packages
; was productive of much amusement, for
:Jn everv Instance the contents proved of
as much uf© to the individual as a tall
hat vould be to a hippopotamus. There
¦was a phort programme of entertainment,
to which the principal contributors were
Maude Lanpton, Julia Tanner and Meta
KupTcr. Coffee and home-made cakes
were served. This parlor will give an
entertainment and dance In Franklin Hall
October 23.
On the last Monday in September Da
rin.a Parlcr celebrated Pioneer day In
its hall In the Re<5 Men's building. The
guests of the evening were the members
tof the Pioneer Women's Association of
'this city, it belner their first reception by
a local parlor. There were about 150 pres
ent, about tw->-thirds being guests. After
a pleating address by President Frances
Edwards, welcoming the visitors
and drawinz attention to the Native
Daughters' observation of Pioneer day,
there was an Instrumental solo by Eliza
beth Teltien. an address on .the pioneers
by Past Grand President Baker, whose
¦words were loudly applauded: vocal se
lections by Mrs. Schuman and an Inter
esting collection of early day reminis
cences by Mrs. E. M. North. She ex
hibited a doll that was brought to this
country In 1S43, dressed as It was in the
days of old. A very prominent member
of "the parlor was extremely anxious to
cecure It for "the twins." but the holder
would not part with It. There was also
en address by Mrs. Mclntlre, president of
the Pioneer ladles; one by Ida Kavan
and Instrumental music by the parlor's
hanffsome and accomplished organist
The programme closed with the singing
of "America" by all present. During the
evening the parlor served en excellent
collation.
Oro Flno Parlor will observe Flag day,
October 24, by appropriate exercises.
land costume: O. Hlldersley, late of the
Savoy Theater. London, possessed of a
fine tenor voice, rendered two English
ballads that were enthusiastically re
ceived; then followed fancy Scotch
dances, cleverly presented by Miss
Georgie Baker and Miss Mary Flndlay-
Bon; Fred Hawken charmed the audience
with tenor selections and was repeatedly
encored: Al Bentley, the well and favor
ably known singer of comic songs, was
received with an old-time English wel
come and he entertained with his special
ties; the Maccabee Mandolin and Zither
Club, Professor Heidon leader, gave in
strumental selections, after which there
was a vocal duet by the Russells and a
barytone aolo by il. Lane. After the
programme there* was dancing until a late
hour.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SIJNDAy, OCTOBER 4, 1903.
47
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMYOUNG WOMAN WHOSE MARRIAGE IN HONOLULU RECENTLY WAS SURROUNDED WITH ALL THE TRA
DITIONAL ELABORATENESS OF HAWAIIAN SOCIAL EVENTS. AND POPULAR SOCIETY GIRL WHOSE
ENGAGEMENT TO ROBERT MEIN OF OAKLAND HAS JUST BEEN ANNOUNCED. *
May Be Vanderbilfs Quest.
MUNICH. Oct. 3.— It is reported in cour«l
circles that Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of
Bavaria has accepted an invitation of Mr.
Vanderbllt to visit him In New, York the
coming winter and listen to "Parsifal" as
his guest. Ludwig Ferdinand plays first
violin at the new Prince Regent Theater
when Wagner Is on the boards.
the young people are well known and are
deservedly favorites.
• • •
The engagement is formally announced
of Miss Emma Rutherford. . youngest
daughter of Mrs. George Crocker, to
Philip Kearny of New York, a grand
son of the famous General Kearny.
Miss Rutherford is, like her mother, a
beautiful woman, and adds to her per
sonal graces many mental charms, hav
ing been educated at the Misses Elys', the
moat fashionable school In New York
City; this course was supplemented by
two years' study in France and Germany,
after which the young lady . made her
formal debut In Gotham society.
Mr. Kearny is a popular member ol
the New York Stock 1 Exchange and of the
firm of- Havemeyer & Kearny. -His
apartments at Sherry's aro among the
most attractive of the many rich bachelor
quarters In town, and for many years his
turnouts have commanded respectful at
tention on the boulevard. As a whip he
has few superiors In New York.
The young people will be married In the
spring. ' ; •: "
Macaulay says. "As the world grows
wiser it grows kinder." That really is
made evident to us every day. Of course,
you don't remember when tho statute
book of this: country, read, "A, man .may
beat his wife with a stick no thicker than
his thumb." -Well, it did. But that-was
a long time ago, although it is still upon
the musty: statute books of Merrie Eng-
land. The present evidence of growing
kindliness of spirit— which N logically fol
lows mental development— Is tha estab
lishment of a refuge for stray cats in our
large cities. Now,' the men may laugh —
but who, with sufficient imagination to
know what . hunger means, can fail to
sympathize with the spirit of the bravo
little schoolgirl in New York, Margaret
Hewson, .who appealed to the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, to
establish a place of refuge for abandoned
cats. "L/.vv
/The vicinity of East River and Thirty
fifth street having been vacated to make
room for improvements, the families liv
ing in the dense district scattered to the
four winds. But they left their cats— for
some medieval superstitious reason.
With many a sigh and an unsuppressed
tear the gallant Seventh has folded its
tents like the Arab— It isn' t safe to repeat
the rest. That moistnes3 of eye is bad
form and palpitation of -the heart is worse
—only not so evident— Is admitted by the
court, but" it must be "admitted also that
with the advance of civilization we
haven't ; yet been ablo to suppress tha
• • •
California Is partly responsible for the
Goelet-Roxburghe nuptials arid the , con
sequent'loss, of ,the good, currency that
crosses the pond to replenish the coffers
of England. •. It was a Californian— nond
other than the irrepressible and irresisti
ble Cora. Urquhart Potter— who, at tha
earnest solicitation of Mamma Goelet. In
troduced the most eligible nobleman" in
England— who proved to be Roxburghe—
to Miss May. As matchmakers the Wil
sons have won a world-wide fame, and
Ma^'s mamma Is a Wilson. 'Hence Miss
May will marry a Roxburghe and take
precedence over every Yankee • peeress—
doesn't that sound, funny?— except Con
suelo, who has the Indisputable and un
allenable privilege of "trotting ahead."
That men and women will play for
stakes— Just to make things hum— is a
foregone conclusion. That they, do not
play for high stakes Is likewise a. patent
fact — at least among the women, perhaps
because they lack the currency. At any
rate, the "kitty" usually becomes a pub
lic fund, out of which, at tho month's
end, some entertainment for the players
is paid for. Thus cupidity is not culti
vated and a spirit of - rivalry holds a
healthy existence. If the Chief of Police
of San Francisco were ' similarly \ struck
with moral motives he would need the
whole detective force to Btop' the games
that go merrily on In the households In
San Francisco, and in many excellent
ones at that. That kind of morality is
of toadstool growth.
Wasn't that a funny coup at Los Ange
les a few days ago when the Chief of
Police broke In upon a set of society
people playing poker? And shocking to
relate— they were playing for stakes.
Well, from the grilling, roasting, baking,
frying and boiling that the Chief received
for his o'erzealousness it is a safe gamble
that 'he won't invade a private home
again without en invitation, j ,
Thus In London have the society folk
open,ed the Hackbrldge Home; Paris, the
Baroness d'Herpent Refuge; Washington
and Chicago, the Homes for Friendless
Animals; and Boston, the Gilford Shelter
ing Home. It remained for the little
schoolgirl, assisted by Miss Harriet Bing
ham, a girl of the smart set, to give the
waifs of the dumb world in New York, a
refuge from want. Cannot San Francis
co's society "girls do as much? It is true
we have the Pound, such as It Is, but hu
manitarlanlsm doesn't figure largely in its
management.
emotions that God endowed us with when
he made us. That may be bad form, too,
but it is a fact nevertheless.
* • •
At the farewell hop on Tuesday even
ing, given by the artillery officers at the
Presidio-, to the departing Seventh and
their ladies, a delightful evening was en-
Joyed b*y both guests and hosts. Red and
green were the colors used in the decora
tion—red for love and courage, green for
memory. Apt, these colors. The follow
ing danced the hours away: Miss Delia
and Miss Bessie Mills. Miss Mariner. Misa
Mattie Wilton. Miss Jean Wilsliire, Misa
Ethel Kent. Miss Bessie and Miss Flor
ence Cole, Miss McCabe, Miss Burgess.
Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss Mayo Col
burn, Miss Hobbs, Mr. Paschel, Captain
Frederick Johnston, Lieutenant llanna.
Lieutenant Briggs, Captain Penn. Lieu
tenant Cragie, Lieutenant and Mrs.
George I. Feeter, Lieutenant and Mrs.
Prescott, Major and Mrs. Ducat, Miss
Stella Ducat, Miss Lucy and Miss Sophie
Coleman, Captain and Mrs. Howell, Miss
Adah Howell, Lieutenant Knox. Lieuten
ant Byington, Lieutenant Smith and a
number of naval ofilcers to whom tha
army officers at the Presidio have ex
tended a standing Invitation to their hops.
• ?¦»."••. :.: •
One of the largest euchre parties given
thus far In the season was that at which
Miss Lillian Remillard of Oakland was
hestess on 'Wednesday last. The family
home— always a center of hospitality
wore a radiant beauty wrought from the
fresh flowers that bloomed in nook and
corner. The following guests were in
vited:
Miss Cordelia Bishop, Miss Jones, Miss
Sybil Jones, Miss Leta Gallatin and Mrs.
Albert Gallatin of San Francisco, Miss
Pearl King, Misses Nelson, Miss Carolyn
and Miss Anita Oliver, Mrs. William Ede
of San Francisco, Miss Gertrude Halsey.
M1S3 Edith McCabe, Mrs. Mendenhall,
Mrs. Paul Otey, Miss Molllle Mathes, Miss
Elsie Everson, Misses Powell. Miss Mol
ler, Mls's Gertrude Moller. Miss Florence
Lowden, Miss Isabella Kendall. Miss May
Coogan. Miss Crellin, Miss Jane Crellin.
Miss Ethel- Crellln, Miss Mahony, Miss
Emma Mahony, Mrs. Frederick Colby.
Mrs. Everett Ames, Miss EBle Smllle",
Miss Lucy Maxwell, Miss Elma Farnham,
Mrs. Edwin W. Ehroann, Miss Pauline
Collins, Mrs. David James, Mrs. William
Watt. Mlsa Julia Leigh'. Miss Edith
Schulze, Mrs. James P. Vane. Miss Louise
Stubbs, Miss Maud Cheek. Mrs. Roy Mau
vais, Mrs. Robert* M. Fitzgerald. Mrs.
James P. H. Dunn, Miss Claire Chahot,
Mrs. Maxwell Taft, Mrs. Alfred von der
'Ropp. the Misses Wilson, Miss Elsie Mar
wedel.MIss Dow, Misses Cole, Miss Win
chester. Miss Wllcox. the Misses Brown.
Miss Edith Adams, Miss Jean Cllft, Miss
Helen Chase, Mrs. Edward N. Ewer, Mis3
Edith Hibberd, Mrs. Du Ray Smith, the
Misses Gorrlll, Miss Edith Gaskill, Miss
Lita Schlesslnger, the Misses Grace and
Laura Sanborn, Miss Edith Selby, Miss
Geraldina Scuphara. Miss Koenlg. Mrs.
Milton Spaulding. Miss Carria William
son. Miss Bessie Reed. Miss Gertrude and'
Miss Edith Evans, Miss Ethel Richardson,
Miss Bertha Stalder, Mrs. Morton, Miss'
Gertrude Snow. Mr3. Robert Dolan. Miss
Sadie Alexander, Miss Florence White,
Mi3s Kathleen Kent. Mls3 Mabel Toy,'
Miss Hallle Moulton. Misses Gelinas. Mlsa
Copp. Miss Sue Schultz. Miss Eva Lam
ouroux. Miss Florence Taylor, Mrs. East
man. Mrs. Steuart F. Smith.
One of the most popular engagements
recently announced ia that of Mlsa Ade
laide Demlng. daughter of E. O. Deming.
and Robert Mein of Oakland.
The brlde-ro-be Is a clever girl, of stun
ning style and magnetic personality. Mr.
Mein is the son of Robert Mein, who be
came famous during tho South African
gold excitement. The widowed mother
still maintains the family home across the
bay.
• - • •
Mrs. Tomllmon of New York Is now
visiting her mother, Mrs. Charles Mcln
tosh Keeney.
The wedding of Miss Sara K. Robinson
and James Donahue Dougherty was cele
brated in Honolulu with great eclat in ac
cordance with the elaborateness of the
Hawailans as to picturesqueness of dew
' tall3. "ii
In a bower of palms and blossoms on
the grounds of the bride's home— Panahoe
—the bridal group mado a radiant picture,
upon which lights gleamed from a thou
sand bulbs.
• One thousand guests had been bidden to
•see the twain made one, and a thousand
hearts beat hopefully for the happiness
of the young people who had thus plight
ed their troth.
Mrs. Joseph Spear, mother of tha
groom, confidently hoped to stand at her
son's side during the ceremony, but cir
cumstances arose at the Ia3t moment
which prevented her catching the steamer
that would reach tho islands In time for
the happy event.. Mrs. Spear, however,
hopes to entertain the young people at an
early date. •
• • •
Quite the event of the week is the wed
ding of Miss Therese Morgan. Her at
tendants will be Miss Genevleve K'.ng,
Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Mary Joselyn.
Miss Helen D?an. Her sister. Miss Ella
Morgan, will be maid of honor, and John
Rush Baird best man.
Mrs. John D. Spreckels and her daugh
ters, Grace and Lillian, have gone East,
to be absent about two months.
WILL, eotne psychologist explain
the mental working of the relic
hunter, the man of leisure who
visits Bhrines. monuments or
other hallowed spots, and who,
though conscious of the sentiments they
Ftar.d fcr, whips out his knife and chisels
his ignominious name upon the walls, or
breaks off a finger of a statue, or cuts
his r.tme into a beautiful tree? He Is
the text man on our list— and, by the
way. since Justice Is an Important elt
mer.t in a fair arraignment, let It be
eaid that the crimes of desecration and
vandalism are not of masculine gender,
for. alas! and alack! women are even
guiltier than men. This crime, as well
cs most Eocial breaches, Is entirely sex
less, personality being the only point of
differentiation. But somehow the world
expects more of men— men of the better
elaes; they have been in touch with the
world for centuries and have therefore
broadened and gleaned definite views on
more or less indefinite subjects. Thus the
znutllaticn of a tree, that or.ee etabbed
Is scarred forever. Is In a man an un
pardonable crime. So, too. Is It In a
woman, but her "previous condition of
servitude" has rendered her somewhat
less responsible. Just as It would In a
child.
But what would you say of a famous
jurist cf California whose name Is scrib
bled In scare-head letters upon the walls
of one of the sacredest sanctuaries In the
West, one of the old missions of Cali
fornia? And what would you say of a
wcznaa of wealth and assured position—
and you all know her well— who on visit
ing Monterey and being accorded a view
of the gorgeous golden vestments and
appurtenances in the old town church
slyly tucked ope away under her wrap?
That the piece cf exquisite tapestry was
not lost from the eanctuary whore It has
lain for a century was because of the
visilar.ee cf the caretaker, who snatched
Jt away from her without much diplo
matic persuasion. And the most singular
part cf th« episode is that the woman
teemed quit© unconscious of the enormity
of her crime and survived the detection
with perfect equanimity.
Likewise at Monterey, on the brow of
the hill, smiling down upon bay and ocean,
Is the exquisite statue erected by Mrs.
Stanford to the memory of the Father of
California— Junipero Serra— and would you
believe it?— the etone already la scarred
by tha knives of vandals, a finger has
been broken oft, the padlock on the gate
Ftolen for relic purposes; and the crimes
have been perpetrated by people of lels
urs # for no other class Is permitted to
enjoy the pleasures of travel, and these
surely should know better.
"While this species of villainy Is not a
matter of sex. It Is likewise not a mafc
ter of locality, for wherever the tourist
ventures there the precaution Is taken
to prevent the object of his visit from
his assault. And the enigmatical part of
It is, "Why will he mutilate that which
he appreciates sufficiently to desire to
visit?" Could the clever Spinners' Club
elucidate the question?
Fj the Hobarts are located In London
and are living quietly. The announce
ment bears with It a ting« of sorrow, but
who can tell but the modest life which
thees young people are forced to follow
may develop In them both a higher con
ception of life and finer understanding
of each other. There are no words coined
by man fhat so adequately convey to the
husan heart the emptiness of a purely
social career as the vanls&lng of one's
fortune. And while It Is true that de
privation dwarfs rather than expands,
where there Is a competence, without
superfluity— and such is the case with the
Hobarts— there is the happiest condition.
The career, of young Hobext— -whom the
"Western world knew as Prince Fortu
ratos—was that of a victim qf an exces
cive Income at an Irresponsible age. That
explains the whole story. Going to Har
vard—or was It Yale 7— he bore himself
like a man of the world with money to
burn, and while a good fellow and some
thing cf a student, the Influence of his
wealth was destructive to the democratlo
Epirlt of college life and It Is said he
found It expedient to cut short his career
at the freshman stage. Then came a
blare on the horizon of the West— horses,
houses and clothes. Such clothes I Few
furnishing houses carried a more exten
elve variety. And th«n came his mar
riage to the beautiful and clever Miss
Williams. Not at any time a lover of
society in Its gregarious sens*, the young
wile was deeply absorbed In her domestic
life and nurtured her little babes In a way
beautiful to see. A girl of high Ideals,
she developed Into a woman of highest
character. And If disappointment has
come— and it Is not of the type that bodes
111 for the future— young Hobart Is blest
In the possession of a wife who Is his
solicitous and sympathetic companion at
all times. And this Is the highest tribute
eny pen can pay to woman.
• • •
Bnobbcry, or the ostentatious display
of wealth In colleges. Is Just now receiv
ing much attention from the wise men
who stand at the helms of our great In
stitutions.
Mrs. Washington Irving' Marlon was
hostess yesterday at a tea given in honor
of her daughter, Edytbe WardweH, at
their residence on Bush street. About
one hundred and fifty Invitations had
been issued, none of the guests, however,
having been previously informed of a de
lightful surprise held in store for them.
The rooms were aglow with red blossoms,
strongly breathing the sentiment of the
day. Mrs. Marion, in an effective gown of
black and white, was assisted by Misa
Marion and the following ladles: Mrs.
Braynard Rowley, Mrs. H. C. Rowley,
Mrs. Walter B. Honeyman of Portland.
Mrs. H. Edward Gedge, Mrs. Chris Bauer,
Mrs. Edward Olney, Miss May Jackson,
Miss Maude Jackson, Miss Florence
Bochat and Miss Emily Sankey.
During the busiest hour of the after
noon, when the clatter of teacups was
loudest, the engagement of the daughter
of the house was announced— amid ex
clamations of delight and surprise— to
Joseph Meyerstein of the lav.' firm of
Jellett & Meyerstein. Congratulations in
numerable poured In upon the fair fiancee,
who further stated that the wedding
would occur in the near future. Both
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. OCTOBER 4, 1903.
48
SOCIETY