alarmed Mrs. Holmes and she- : at
once sent word to Constable J. H.
Donnelly, Joseph Gillardin, com
missary of the prison, who hap
pened to be here, and Henry Mc-
Derby started: on the trail of* the
two men. 'They followed.- the
trail for two. miles, but could finid
no trace of -them. The posse then
returned to Folsom. .
: Constable Donnelly telephoned
word of. the affair to Captain 'of
the Guard Murphy at' the prison,
and - from that point telephone
messages have • been sent to all
points between' here and ,Sacra
mento.; _The , officers, at Sacra
mento have been Avarned to keep
a •strict watch,' as Gordon :is the
man who has repeatedly sworn to
kill Superior Judge Haft of'Sac
ramento, who sentenced ,< him ' to
forty-five ¦ years • in Folsom- for.
robbery . . " . ;*-.!
Continued on Page . 4, Column 6.
Two of the Outlaws Are Seen Near Folsom, Traveling
in Direction of Sacramento.
One of the men is described as
being dressed in a- khaki suit,
while the other wore a pair of
overalls,. a blue, coat with brass
buttons and a black slouch hat.
Thecoat and hat correspond with
those w r dnr by, the guards at Fol
som prison. Constable Donnelly
showed the portraits of the thir
teen escaped convicts to Mrs.
Holmes and she picked out those
of Gordon and Theron as looking
like the. men who' had called at
her house to-night. , ¦
It would have been possible for,
fTheron to join Gordon in this vi
cinity, even if he was at Pilot Hill
as late: as 10 o'clock last night.
One w of * the posses walked from
Pilot Hill to Folsom City in six
hours .to-day, taking the river
road. Theron was last seen by
some of the guards who were cap-
/1UBURN, ;July 28 — The
i/T escaped convicts are sup
posed to be in the vicin
ity of Lotus, nine miles above
Pilot Hill, the . place where
the battle took place last
evening. They have not. been
seen since 10 o'clock last night,
when they turned all the free men
loose in the woods near Pilot
Hilll The guards, together with
Foster.and.several other freemen,
returned to Pilot Hill at daybreak
and reported" that the' convicts
had taken the direction of Lotus.
After much delay an organiza
tion of the one hundred ' officers
and . militiamen . present was ef
fected, and, Sheriff Bosquit of El
Dorado put in charge. They
all proceeded to Lotus and claim
to have tracked, the convicts to
the river near there. Accordingly
every outlet was guarded in ex
pectation that the convicts would
show themselves to-night or to
morrow morning.
, The, Placerville militia is sta
tioned all the way from Lotus to
Placerville,; Sheriff , Bosquit
toward- Shingle Springs, Sheriff
Keena at 'Greenwood, ¦ and tlie
Sacramento officers toward Sal
mon Falls. By many it is i be
lieved that, the convicts. have dou
ble tracked and will make for; the
railroad' in Placed. / •¦
\ TROOPS OF. THE NATIONAL .GUARD OF; THE. STATE ORDERED OUT BY THE GOVERNOR TO ASSIST IN
CAPTURING, THE BAND. OF t CRIMINALS WHO MADE 'THEIR , ESCAPE FROM THE FOLSOM
PRISON AFT^R COMMITTING^ MURDER.' . ' * ; •
Officers Rest
on Their Arms
Before Battle
making - their way northward
along Greenwood Creek toward
the town of Greenwood, where
it is probable that a raid will be
made by the fugitives to-night,
as it is known that they are very
short of provisions. .
Guard McDonald of Folsom,
who is in this vicinity with^eleyen
other guards from the peniten
tiary, is of. the opinion that the
escaped prisoners are jj trying to
get into the country north of
Greenwood, some sections of
which are admirably suited, for
hiding and defense purposes.
Posses are now in pursuit of
the men and the residents of
Greenwood have* been warned of
the direction taken by the con
victs and it is reported from there
that a defense party, will be or
ganized at once to protect the
town from the onslaught of the
escapes. Owing to the nature of
the country in the vicinity of
Greenwood and*along the creek
accurate reports of the doings! of
the party of convicts are unob
tainable.
With several posses and a com
pany of militia on the track of the
fugitives it is believed that' the
men will be either captured or
killed, though should it come • to
a fight between the citizen sol
diery and the convicts there .will
probably be many killed on both
sides, as the convicts are a;des
perate lot of men and their, hunt
ers are determined to' take the
convicts dead or alive before they
can add more crimes to: their al
readv unsavory records
Raid May Be Made on Small Town
and the Citizens Arms
Dorado County, to-day went to
Pilot Hill and buried the body of
the slain convict. It is not
known positively which one was
killed. The face was badly mu
tilated.
A late report has come in that
the convicts are making for
Coloma, where the Marshall
monument was erected. Soldiers
? who liave just arrived state that
they believe the convicts are near
here, between Mount Thompson
and the Cambrian mine, about
one and a half miles from Co
loma.
Sheriff David Reese and Dep
uty Marshal Lloyd Brown of
Lincoln, Placer County, have just
• come in. The fight will probably
take place to-night or to-morrow
at this town.
Convicts Jire
Said to Plan
Raid on Town
PLACERVILLE, July 28.—
A report was received here
this evening to the effect
that eight convicts were seen
L. P. Winchell, Coroner of El
BURIAI* OF A VICTIM,
thought they will remain under
'¦¦' cover until 5 o'clock in the morn
•ing, when they are expected to
appear.
Sheriff Bosquit has pass'ed
through here with twenty depu
ties. Captain C. A. Swister is in
command of Company H, from
Placerville. Surgeon' H. H. Look
has arrived with the hospital
corps, composed of F. J. Brooks,
•J. S. Daly, W. E. Murphy and
Tune Harris.
I assist the convicts. Round and
about here are 200 armed men,
'•all awaiting the announcement of
the approach of the convicts. The
"heat being great, it is now
Sheriff Heggerty is here and
states that he is positive they
are on Clark Hill, between
Pilot Hill and this point.
The place is twenty-three miles
north of Folsom, in El Dorado
County. The country is very
rough, with ample vegetation to
jff" OTUS, El Dorado
B County, July 28. —
£/ The merciless band
S of convicts who es
r . ffift tg0 caped from the Fol
som prison and
tfiade their way into this county
« with officers of the penitentiary
as hostages, are now near this
'point and are being surrounded
by posses. It is expected that a
desperate battle will be fought
before dawn.
X TRACK OF CONVICTS.
¦This morning the fugitives
vere found wending their way
from Pilot Hill. Three are very
•vceak and the ammunition of the
hand is becoming c '-ori. Early
to-day their tracks were discov
ered on Clark Hill, and imme
diately the posses commenced
'surrounding them. It was cx.
¦pectc4 they would make for this
point, and consequently all atteri
tion was directed here.
Special WspaLtci to Tbe CalL
Last night an inquest was held
on the body of Guard William L.
Cotter at the prison. Coroner \V.
F. Gormley held the inquest and
the jury consisted of the following
citizens: William Murcell, C. F.
Jerger, M.Rose, J. A. Dutra,
MURDER THE CHARGE.
After breaking from the prison
the convicts and their captives
went as far as Pilot Hill, and
there a desperate battle was
fought shortly after 5 o'clock. The
convicts lost one of their number
and all their food and the wagon
in which they were traveling.
They would have been shot to
pieces at that time by the marks
men in the posse, but they were
protected by the gathering night.
Under cover of darkness the
convicts, with five guards and two
civilians as "human targets," pro
ceeded into the dense brush that
exists between Pilot Hill and the
south fork of the American
River. The posses were gathered
at Pilot Hill for a few hours' rest,
while bands of determined . men
watched the river bank for the
approach of the desperadoes. The
wait was not a long one, and at
daylight this morning the chase
was renewed, with but one deter
mination on the part of the of
ficers of the law — to wipe out of
existence the human bloodhounds
who had fought their way to free
dom by staining already befouled
hands with the life blood of a
brave officer of the law.
The return of Guard Klenzen
dorf and Stage Driver Brown
was hailed with delight by their
brother officers at Folsom prison.
From the lips of these two men
the first authentic news was
learned of the dread happenings
of the past twenty-four hours that
have startled the entire county.
The machinery of the law is once
again moving with precision, and
it will not be long till justice will
be meted out to the desperate con
victs who broke from the prison.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
lup «<A OLSOM, July 28.—
B At 3 o'clock this af
fz ternoon news was
§8 received here that the
At convicts are sur
rounded at Granite
Hill, a few miles from Placerville.
Their death or capture is only a
question of hours.
Convict Joseph Murphy has
already met death at the hands of
the pursuing officers, while it is
probable that "Redshirt" Gordon
is lying in the woods near Mor
mon Island bridge riddled with
bullets.
Guard John Klenzendorf and
Stage Driver T. C. Brown,
known as "Tony," who were
among the officers captured by
the convicts yesterday, are now
safely back in the prison limits,
while General Overseer McPon
ough and the other four guards
who were forced to go with the
convicts have reported that they
are free and uninjured.
NIGHT FAVORS FUGITIVES.
Prison Breaks
Threatened
Often.
Officers Walt
; for Fight
Signal.
Conspirators
Long Busy
In Cells.
Warm Pursuit
Now Nears
Climax.
* SEVERAL posses of county officers and National Guard the Folsom prison
fugitives near Lotus in El Dorado county: A desper 'ate battle may be fought within a few hours.
TROOPS AND SHERIFFS PREPARE FOR BATTLE
WITH ARMED AND DESPERATE FOLSOM COMVICTS
VOLfetffcT xgfv-NO. 59.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903.
Continued on Page 4, Column 8.
wmm \A OLSOM, ¦ July 28?
B ~y Excitement reigns
m y to-night at Folsom.
B - "Redshirt" Gordon
mmk ; . : is reported to have
¦ been • seen here after
sunset heading . for Sacramento,
accompanied . by % another man,
thought to; be Convict Theron.
The first news of the supposed
presence of Gordon' in this
ity was given out by Mrs. John
Holmes,Vwife-of^a; painter,"; living
at the forked 1 roads • a .half-mile
from Folsbm- City toward j Sacra
mento. .',;>;' :".'. ' ~-^ : .
' Mrs. / Holmes : says , jthat ¦ two
rough-looking:; men called at .her
house and • in : an 1 insolent manner
demandedjajdrink of \vater. .She
gave it to' them; ; and they left < the
house aiid : crossed: the orchards in
the direction of Sacramento.
The appearance of the'two men
The San Francisco Call.WASHINGTON. July 28.— Orders have been
given to fit up the triple-screw crulner Min
neapolis, now used a* a receiving rhlp at the
league Island Navy Yard, as the flagship of
Rear Admiral Wise, commanding the training
•auaJroQ of the North Atlantic fleet.
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 28.— The
Southern Central Pacific Railway was In
corporated to-day. It will construct a lino
of railway easterly by way '-¦ of .' Kootenay
Pass, south of' the Crow's Nest Pass, -to
some point on the Old Man River district
of Alberta, thence northeasterly through
Saskatchewan to a hundred miles north
of Fort ChurchilL '
NEW YORK, July 28.— The will of Mrs.
Alice Skae, a California widow, who com
mitted suicide July 6 at a hotel in this
city, has been filed for probate. Mrs.
Skan directed- that the burial vault at
Oakland, Cal., In which her husband and
two children are entombed, be taken down
by her. executor and a new, one erected at
a cost of $25,000. She leaves the, residue
of her estate in trust for her daughter,
who U to receive the income for life.
Wants $25,000 Burial Vault.
WASHINGTON, July 28.-Mr. Banson,
the Russian Charge d' Affaires here, gave
notice to Acting Secretary Loomis to-day
that the Russian Government would here
after vlze passports for Russia only at
the Imperial embassy here and at the
Russian consular offices at New York,
Chicago and San Francisco. This is a two
thirds reduction In the. number of offices
where such passports could heretofore be
vised. No explanation is offered for the
reduction, but it is believed that the pur
pose Is to secure a more rigid scrutiny of
the charcter of would-be travelers in Rus
sia. ' i^wSH^SiM^^SS^SStk^SMBSSSSiilSSS.
, Russia Cautious as to Passports.
blown away.
"We left the wagon and body and went
back to the hotel and the men of the va
rious posses commenced to come in. It
was an exciting night and I shall never
forget it. At daylight the posses scat
tered and set out to surround the con
victs. , Brown and myself drove into Fol
som prison to report and we are glad to
get back."
SALT LAKE, July 28.— The trouble be
tween six players of the Salt Lake team
and J.^ M. Reynolds, president of the
club, -has been amicably settled and the
revolting players left for Seattle to-night.
President Reynolds 'says tho players will
reach. Seattle in time to play on Friday.
Two games will be played Sunday. Jack
Grimm, over whose ' release the trouble
arose, will be retained by the club. He
will remain in this city to superintend the
remodeling of the present grounds.
Baseball Trouble Settled.
stake. Then the sound of firing became
fainter and then It stopped after a while.
"1 went down the road for about a mile
and met Guard F. A. Lochart, who was
in a wagon. He took me up and I went
on with him to the hotel at Pilot Hill.
Then he went on to the wagon the con
victs had abandoned. I saw Murphy's
body. He was shot through the heart and
one side of the ton of his head was
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 28.— A large
area of coal estimated to contain 230,000,000
tons has been located fh the Peace River
country. Some of the seams are said to
be nine feet thick. The coal is reported
to be of good quality. The scene of .the
discovery is near Hudson Hope, not' far
from the entrance to the Peace River
pass. ¦;
Big Coal Field Discovered.
"As I passed by the end of the wagon
the convicts jumped out and fired at the
posse hidden on the sides of the road.
Then they Jumped in the wagon and at
that second the posse ' shot the horses
dead. One of the farm hands who had
jumped from the wagon caught up with
me and said to be that we should go into
the hotel, but I took no notice and I kept
on runninjr, as I knew my life was at
Freedom Inspires the. Bloodthirsty Offenders to
Dance and Song on the Road. /
OFFICERS OF THE FOLSOM PRISON WHO PLAYED CONSPICUOUS ROLES IN THE SENSATIONAL BREAK
FOR LIBERTY MADE BY THIRTEEN CONVICTS AND A MAP INDICATING THE COURSE TAKEN BY
THE FUGITIVES WHO MAY SOON BE SLAIN IN BATTLE. L .r ? J».'£
"As I did $o Convict Seavla, whom we
call 'Smoky,' yelled out tQ, me with a
fierce command for mo to come to him.
He had a rifle leveled at me and he was
trying to eject an empty cartridge from
it and put In a fresh one. I saw. that h«
was not used -to Ihe, rifle and that It had
jammed It and I ran to the rear as fast
as I could. Convict Miller cursed at me
and ordered me to stop, but I kept on
going, and then Miller fired three shots at
me, but he missed me.
"Woods grabbed hold of me and cursing
at me said: 'Jack, I have danced to your
music long enough: now you dance to
mine. You eet In front of me, - —
you, and I will fire over your shoulder.' I
got in front of him and there was a sec
ond volley of bullets from the sides of
the road and the convicts sent a shower
of bullets In reply. I suddenly dropped
my hat and as the bullets distracted
Woods' attention I told him to wait a
minute. Then I* suddenly jumped over the
side of the wagon Into the road.
"The convicts then forced us into the
wagon and they climbed in and told Fos
ter to drive ahead. He did so and we had
gone but thirty yards from the hotel when
there was a fusillade of bullets from each
side of the road. With curses and yells
the convicts grabbed the helpless guards
in their midst and held them in front of
them as shields.
"At 5 o'clock last night the stage that
runs from Auburn to Colma arrived at
the Pilot Hill Hotel. The convicts asked
the driver if he had seen ajiy armed
posses on the way and he told them that
he had not. A little while after, a buggy
drove up to the hotel with a man and a
woman and child In it. It came in the di
rection we had traveled. They asked the
man if he had seen any posses in pur
suit and he told them he had not. They
did not mclest the stage driver or the
people in the buggy. The convicts were
in a Jubilant frame of mind. They sang
and danced and shouted with glee.
" 'There Is no one in pursuit of us and
no one to head us oft. We are all right/
they said. Then the convicts told the
captured that they intended to force every
one along with them until they got to the
woods and then they would let us go and
stick together.
" 'We will stick together and die to
gether,' they yelled, 'and the flrst man
to desert will be killed.'
Fugitives Sing
Joyously and \
Crack Jokes.
// atHEY constantly made threats
g that they would kill the first
man of the convicts who desert
ed them. The plan was for all of them to
stick together. They told us that in the
event of a posse catching up with them
that the captured men they had with
them would be used to serve as shields.
re«r of the hotel an3 they sat down in
the shade near a spring. One of them got
a box of cigars from the hotel and they
smoked and joked. They gave the cap
tives some of the cigars to smoke.
Exciting March
of Savage Cap
tors.
"v»*« traveled In this way until 2 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, when we reached
Pilot Hill. The convicts drove up to the
small hotel and surrounded the place.
They demanded food for themselves and
for the officers and others they had In
their power.* The people in the hotel had
no alternative but to comply. The con
vict* mounted an armed ruard around the
place and two of the captives and four of
the convicts would bo sent into the din
ing-room to get something to eat. By
this means the whole crowd was furnish
ed with • m»al. After every one had eat
en the convicts forced us to go to the
"They captured Foster's place and got a
number of sacks filled with food, and also
took a big wagon and four horse* from
the place. They made Foster drive the
horses, and a little farther along the road
captured two farm hands, whose names
I do not know.
"Before we got to Foster's place the
convicts had made the guards change
rlothlng with them, and at Foster's house
the rest of them secured civilian clothes.
The party after leaving Foster's place
consisted of twelve convlcta, seven guards,
Foster and the two farm hands. The con
victs made us get In the wagon with
them, and when we had gone a little dis
t«jice they would make some of the
puards get out and walk In the hot sun.
and they laughed and Jested. We" all
realized that we cad to humor them, as
to provoke them meant death to us.
"They forced Us along- with them after
they had released the Warden and Cap
tain Murphy before we got to the bridge.
After passing the bridge they went about
one and a half miles along the eide of the
river to the house of a rancher. I have
been told to-day that his name is Foster.
Convict Falls
When Bullets
Are Hurtling
ff TTaHEX they marched us up over
iil the hill by the prison orchard
. *^*^ they threatened to kill all of
us if any shots were fired by any of the
puards. We arrived at Mormon Island
bridge, and It was there that three or
four shots were fired by a guard, whom I
since find was Guard Ryan. The convicts
became excited and 'Redshlrt' Gordon
fell to the ground and dropped his rifle.
The rest of the convicts hurried us along,
and we saw Gordon In the rear of us
picking up his rifle and then walking to
the woods. That was the last we saw of
him. I thick he was wounded at that
time.
"When they marched with the captured
officers across the inner yard the guards
on the towers had the GatlJng guns turn
ed down toward the yard, but they could
not use them or even fire a shot from
their rifles. To have done so would have
meant death to the Warden and all of the
other captured officials. There is no
blame attached to Guard Dolan because
he opened the gate to let them out. They
had dynamite with them and said they
would use it and also murder the War
den and the rest of the guards if the
gate was not opened.
"They used the same tactics when they
arrived with us at the armory post. They
forced the guard to throw out the key, as
they swore to kill us and blow the post
up with dynamite. When they got inside
Jhe armory they seized the rifles and re
volvers. •Redshlrf Gordon and Convict
Woods asked me where the ammunition
was kept, but I said I did not know. Then
Woods said with an oath that the ammu
nition must be in the lockers, and asked
me ir I had a key. I told him that I had
not. and Gordon said to smash the lock
rrs open with the butt end of a rifle.
"They did so, and the ammunition was
In view. Woods asked me what kind of
f--mrr.ur.Hlon wax the right sort to use In
the rifles and in the revolvers, but I told
him that I was not posted on that, as I
had not been inside the armory for two
years. Then Woods showed me a box of
cartridges and asked me 1f that was right
for the rifle he had. I told him yes, but
it was not the right size.
General Overseer McDonough and
Guards Jeter. Hopton. Dolan and Seavey
reached the prison at « o'clock this af
ternoon. The officers came in a stag* and
they presented a forlorn appearance.
Their clothing consi5ted in part of eon
* ict> <!rrss and some oversJls given to
them by ranchers. Their original cloth
ing had been stolen by the escaped con
vict s.
The story by Guard Klenzendnrf is an
interesting one. He was met by a Call
reporter a few minutes after he arrived
£t the prison this morning. The officer
r-ad cr!ven back to the prison with Stage
Driver Brown, having made an early
s-tart frcm. Pilot H!ll. where the batt'.e of
!a*i evening took place. Klenzendorf is
a fin* locking man. about 4D years old and
hi? record for bravery* is a splendid one.
He taJd: %
Kjiives Gleam
in the Hands
of Murderers
ft jpWAS in the captains yara yes
terday morning and nover thrush t
• for an ir.stant that there was any
thing wr«ng until the pang dashed Into
Che room. Thpy had Inng knives in their
hands and som<* had razors. They quick
ly captured th* Warden, the Captain and
the other officers and we all realized that
to 'resist meant Instant death. Seme of
»he convicts had knotted raarlln ropes,
which they had prepared to use as hand
cuffs, but they did not use them. They
clashed right and left with their weapons
when Cotter and Cochrane dashed into
the room and made :t brave fight to sub
due them, but it was in vain.
shields against the guns
r'f pursuer*, a number of the prison
cuardf and the officials have returned antJ
teil thrilling stories cf their terrifying
experience. V
that used them as human
Special Dispatch to The Call
ifl OLSOM. July 28-Bleed-
KSj Ing from wounds infllct-
Gq ed by the desperadoes
/NT iniaV who made them captives,
MS \ worn with travel, but
B heartily glad of release
-^i from the outlaw band
Appalling Scene
in Captain's
Office.
Criminal Attack
Sudden and
Furious.
Trainmen Watch
for the Law
breakers.
Southern Pacific
Sends Out a
Warning.
Special Dispatch to.Th? Call.
OAKLAND. July 23. —
Southern- Pacific Com
pany trainmen have been
warned by the division
superintendents to care
fully observe all tramps
and to keep a close watch
on all trains for men
who might be escaped
Folsom convicts. The trainmen have been
ordered to keep in close touch with police
officials throughout the State so long as
any of the desperadoes are free or alive.
It waa in pursuance of these instruc
tions that the conductor of an inbound
freight train notified the Oakland police
at 2:30 o'clock this morning that a gang
of suspicious men were on his train and
that he would like to have a squad of po
lice meet the train at the Sixteenth-street
station. Captain of Police Petersen de
tailed eight men under Sergeant Green,
and at 3:30 o'clock they attacked the train
in force.
With drawn pistola the bluecoats de
scended on a freight car where the sus
pects were supposed to be hidden. Out
of the darkness they drafted three men.
but the trio were not fugitive convicts,
only a lot of perambulating "hoboes."
During the excitement of the raid Patrol
Wagon Driver Howlett added to realism
by accidentally causing the discharge of
his loaded revolver. The trigger caught
In his overcoat pocket while he wa3
guarding a freight car entrance. The
overcoat was set afire and Howlett burned
his hands smothering the flaming gar
ment. The bullet passed through How
lett's coat and trousers, but lodged near
his feet in a plank without wounding htm.
The three men arrested Rave the names
of William Ronebersc. William Kuhl
meyer and Charles Habel. They were un
armed. .
Along'the line of the Southern Pacific
Company out of Oakland and through
Sacramento to Truckee and the section
adjacent to the scene of the convicts'
flight the trainmen have been .heavily
armed to resist a possible attack from th»
fugitive Jailbirds.
BREAKING UP GANG
OF LAND SWINDLERS
Postof fice Inspectors Arrest Fourteen
Men for Misuse of the
Mails.
ST. LOUIS. July 23.— Henry A. Brad
ford was arrested here to-day by Post
office inspectors on the charge of using the
mails in a scheme to defraud, as a result
of an Investigation of land swindles that
have been In progress since last Decem
ber. The investigation has been pursued
in Colorado, Michigan. Pennsylvania,
Missouri, West Virginia, North Carolina,
Tennessee and Texas.
Bradford's arrest resulted from, com*
plaints that he was using the malls to sell
fraudulent land titles. Bradford's bond
was fixed at $2000. but up to a late hour
to-night he had failed to give bond.
Postofflce Inspector Dice said the Inves
tigation had led to the arrest of thirteen
other men/on similar charges in different
parts of the country, and he was of the
opinion that the arrest to-day would
prove the collapse of one of the most gi
gantic land swindles in the history of the
country.
LAST WEEK'S SALARY .
OF HEDGES IS HELD
Postof flee Department Sure of Small
Remuneration From Ousted
Official.
WASHINGTON, July 28.— Fourth Assist
ant Postmaster General Bristow has held
up the undrawn salary of Charles Hedges.
the recently dismissed superintendent of
the city delivery service, for the last week
of his service pending the settlement of
his expense accounts. Hedges has asked
for leave of absence for sixteen days, to
begin on the day of his removal, but Bris
tow has never contemplated granting the
leave.
The Inspectors have been investigating
a number of local matters in this city in
which it is alleged George W. Beavers,
the former chief of the division of sala
ries and allowances, was concerned.
The Grand Jury which has been consid
ering postal cases has not yet reported,
and no specific date for bringing in In
dictments has yet been fixed, although it
is fully expected that they will be re
ported some time this week.
CALMLY CONFESSES
MURDER OF HIS WIFE
Hartin Ebelt Clears Mystery Sur
rounding Woman Pound Dead 3 ;
in a Sewer.
MOUNT VERNON, N. Y.. July 2S.-M.ar
tln Ebelt was held to-night to the Grand
Jury for the murder of his wife, Augusta,
whose body was found in a sewer on
Sunday. He confessed freely and without
the least tremor or seeming fear.
Ebelt said he had been worried by his
wife's demands for money and had de
cided to get rm of her. A week before ha
had noted the break in the sewer pipe,
which he calculated would serve him to
hide the body. He then prepared the way
for the murder by telling his wife he had *
found a place for her to work. He re
quested her to get ready and said he
would take her to the place.
On the way. he said, they quarreled,
and after choking the woman to death ha
tied a shoestring around her neck and
lowered her body into the sewer, expect*.
Ing it to be swept down into the Sound.
This confession was signed by the pris
oner.
POLICE OF WHEELING
PREVENT A LYNCHING
Citizens Attempt to Avenge an In
sult to a Respectable
'Y* ' "Woman.
WHEELING, W. Va., July 28.— But for
the timely arrival of policemen John Pos
tecs, a Hungarian steelworker, would
have been strung up by an enraged mob
on Wheeling- Island to-night. Postecs,
who was drunk, caught in his arms and
embraced a well known and respected
woman residing on the island as she was
returning home over the bridge. The wo
man's ciles were quickly answered by
citizens who rushed from their homes.
The man ran, pursued by a crowd which
was growing every minute.
When the mob drew close to the for
eigner, he turned and drew a dirk and
held the mob at bay for a time. A stone
was thrown, knocking the knife trom his
hand and another struck him on the head
and knocked him down. A rope was sent
for by the enraged citizens. Vengeance
had been decided upon and a tree picked
out when a force of policemen arrived
upon the scene and rescued the man from,
the mob. He was badly used up and is
in a serious condition.
Negro Escapes Indiana Mob.
LOGANSPORT. Ind.. July 28.— Sheriff
Richardson arid a posse of about one
hundred citizens of Washington Town
ship, armed with shotguns, revolvers and
pitchforks, followed two bloodhounds
eight miles this afternoon and evening in
an effort to find the negro a«»altant of
Mrs. Joseph Watts. The chase ended at
Boone, a small station along the Pan
handle, where was found a revolver, be
lieved to have belonged to the negro. It
is thought that he boarded a train at this
station and escaped. .r.*
Reno Suspects Acquitted.
RENO, Nev., July 28.— A jury returned
a verdict of not guilty in the W. D. Phil
lips and Harry Butts grand larceny case
this' evening. Butts was arrested last
January and charged with going Into the
Southern Pacific Railroad ticket office
here and robbing W. D. Phillips, the tick
et agent. Phillips was arrested as an ac
cessory. The verdict gives universal sat
isfaction. Phillips is well known among
railroad ticket men all. over the United
States. He had been in the employ of the
Southern and Union Pacific for many
years. , .
Heat Kills Aged Prospector.
PHOENIX. A. T., July 2S.-Charles Na
deau. a prospector. 73 years old. has been
found dead near Agua Caliente. He left
Agua Caliente Springs on the 23d for
Phoenix with five burros. Two days later
one of the burros returned to Agua Cali
ente and a searching party found Nadeau
and two of his burros, which were tied
up, dead. It is thought Nadeau became
111 or was overcome by the beat. The
burros died of thirst.
PHOENIX. A. T.. July iS— Frank P. Col
well was murdered last ni«;ht at the Buckey*
mine, nine miles from Bowie station, on th*
Southern Pacific, by a on-»-armed man named
Jay Gould, who was last seen heading for
Mexico.
Not a Hassacre of Jews.
. LONDON, July 2S.-Nothing is known
here of a report published by a news
agency in the United States to the effect
that a massacre of Jews has occurred at
Ofran/near Tangier, Morocco. The Morn
ing Leader, publishes a dispatch from
Tangier, saying that the Jewish quarter
of Ofran was looted by Arabs on July 17
and a building destroyed, that a girl was
abducted, and that In a quarrel among
her abductors six Arabs were killed.
There is no doubt that this is the basis
of the report of the massacre. ¦"»
MACKIXAC ISLANT>, Mich,. July 2S-— Th»
ninth annaal convention of the Commercial
Law League- of America was held here to-day.
W. H. O. DtnkeUoiel of Pan Francisco wai
amonic those who responded to the address of
welcome.
Fined for Carrying Revolver.
LEADVILLE. Colo.. July 28,-Charles
D. Moyer, president of the Western Fed
eration of Miners, was arrested here at
10:45 o'clock this morning by Sheriff Long,
•charged with carrying concealed weapons.
Moyer admitted having a 45-callber revol
ver in his hip pocket and turned it over
to the Sheriff. He was then marched to
Jail and locked up. Later he was given
a hearing In a Justice's court and was
fined JoO and costs, which he paid. *
OLYMPIA, Wash.. Jury 2s.— The Supreme
Court to-day issued an order returnable Friday
requtrlnjc the Town Council of Bremerton to
show cause why It should not be, restrained
from Interfering with the opening of the sa
loons of that place.
KANSAS CITT. July 29.— Rev. II. D. Hllson.
a neero- preacher,' Phot and killed his wlft In
a confectionery store In Kansas City. Kans..
at a late hour to-nisht. The woman bad sued
A Cure for Drunkenness.
In Norway drunkenness Is punished by
Imprisonment. When a man is Incarcer
ated he has a loaf and wine morning: and
evening. The bread Is served in a wood
en bowl full of wine, in which It has been
soaklnjr for an hour.
The first day the drunkard swallows
his allowance willingly enpugh. The sec
ond dav It seems less pleasing, and at
the end of the eight or ten days prison
ers have been known to abstain alto
gether from the food thus j^tllessly pre
sented. Exceot In rare fnstances. tht
drunkard Is radically eured by this treat,
ment.— Exchange
PENITENTIARY OFFICIALS WHO WERE CAPTURED
RETURN , WOUNDED AND DISTRAUGHT, TO FOLSOM
THE SAN FRAKOISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903.
2PARIS, July 28. — The approaching marriage
of Marine Minister PelleUn to a school teacher,
whose name Is not given, la announced.
SANTA BARBARA, July 28.— Several
abalonc fishermen were arrested in this
city to-night for having abalones and
shells smaller than the size prescribed
by the State law and a large quantity of
the shell fish was confiscated. Numerous
violations have been reported in the last
few weeks among the fishermen on Santa
Cruz and other islands in Santa Barbara
channel and the officers succeeded to-day
In making a roundnn.
EUREKA. July 28.— Articles of incorpor
ation of the Humboldt Transit Company
were filed with the County Clerk to-day.
The purpose of the company is to build
twenty miles of electric road in the city
of Eureka and an additional fifty-four
miles to other towns In Humboldt Coun
ty. The capital stock is 5300.000, of which
$75,000 has been subscribed. The directors
for the first year are: J. C. Bull Jr. of
Eureka, George Henderson of Oakland, R.
W. Bull and John C. Bull of Arcata and
Charles P. Cutten of Eureka.
Electric Road for Eureka.
SANTA ROSA. July 28.— Mrs. Elsea Pa
rotti of this city refused to prosecute her
husband on a charge of battery after hav
ing caused his arrest. In addition to this
she paid the costs incurred and requested
the Justice to dismiss the charge against
her husband. Parottl was arrested after
his day's work was done Monday by Con
stable Boswell and was taken immediately
to the Justice's Court. When his wife saw
her husband in the clutches of the law
she broke down and wept. She pleaded
for his release, but requested that a scold-
Ing be administered.
Santa Rosa Woman Relents and Begs
Release of Spouse That
Beat Her.
PLEADS HIS CAUSE AFTER
HAVING HT7SBAND ARRESTED
ton was. also seared by a bullet. When the firing by the posse com
menced the convicts tried to make the guards get ir^ front of them to act as shields.
I crouched in the bottom of the wagon, but the convicts kicked me pretty hard and
tried to make me get up. I feel sure that Allison is the convict who was killed in
the fight at Pilot Hill. ' He was shot in the body,' and when he realized that he
was mortally wounded he cried out to the rest of the convicts : 'Well, boys, it is
all up with me. Here goes.' Then he placed a revolver to his head and fired," and
he blew almost the top of his head off. Klenzendorf says that it was Murphy who
was killed, but I am sure it was Allisqn, as I knew him well by sight. -
"While the firing was continued from the sides of the road the convicts made
General Overseer McDonough wave his white handkerchief as a sign of truce, and
after a while the posses stopped 'firing on the wagon. As the cdnvicts jumped from
the wagon the posses started firing again, killing one of the horses and wounding
the other three. The convicts realized then they would have to go ahead foot.
They grabbed the guards ,and held on to them wifti one hand, and each held his
rifle with the other. They all threatened us with instant death if we tried to get
away from them and" join'. the posses.
"The men of the posses must have recognized us, as they knew when to fire.-
FOLSOM, July 28. — Guard O. Seavey, who was among those made
prisoners by the escaping convicts, gives this account of the fight at
Pilot Hill: /:¦.,
"When the fight commenced last evening at Pilot Hill I was on
the box of the wagon. A bullet struck the side of my face and Hop-
GUARD SEAVEY TELLS OF THE PILOT BILL FIGHT.
The convicts started to march up the road, with the guards as their prisoners. We
got into the brush and then it grew very dark. We would go for a little distance
and then stop, and then go on again, then rest; and this went on for more than an
hour and a half.
"Finally, at half-past 9 at night, the convicts held a council as to what was
the best thing to do. Convicts Woods, Theron and Eldridge said the game was
up, and the best thing to do was to let us go and for the prisoners to scatter.
Seavis, the colored convict, was not satisfied with this and demanded that all the
guards be killed first. Finally the better counsel of the majority prevailed, and
Woods, Theron and Eldridge took their rifles and disappeared in the brush. The
rest of them would not allow Seavis to shoot, and it was about 10 o'clock last night
that they told us to get out of their camp and get away.
"We did' not waste any time, but struck the road and stumbled along on the
road we had come over. We rested for a time and then as soon as it commenced
to get daylight we hurried as best we could for the hotel at Pilot Hill. We met
some of the posses coming along the vroad, but we soon convinced them who we
were, and we finally reachejd the hotel. We walked about six miles in the night
back. to the hotel.
"What became of the convicts after we left themlast night we do not know.
Their guns were damaged' and many of them were useless, as they had used the
wrong ammunition, and the weapons; had jammed. They have no food with
them, unless they have secured some this morning. The country up there is very
wild and the ranches are far apart. Itis very hilly and there is no water, except in
the gulches." ,
New Turkish, Minister of Marine.
CONSTANTINOPLE. July 28.— Djelal
Bey, Minister of Public Instruction, has
NEVST YORK. July 28. — Denying that he in
t*n 3e<l | to renounce hi* American citizenship
and become a "naturalized Englishman" and
accept a seat Sn Parliament. Bourke Cockran
rfturned on the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse.
been promoted to the position of Mini:
ter of Marine, which was occupied for
twenty-three years by Bashaan Pasha,
who died on Sunday. The latter was
known as the permanent Minister of Ma
rine and was reputed to be the richest
njan in the Turkish empire. He was cred
ited with the possession of state secrets
-which, it Is said, enabled him to commit
acts which nobody else would have dared* .
to contemplate. During his last illness,
it is said, his house was searched, pre
sumably with the idea of seizing compro
mising documents, but nothing was
found and it is presumed that they were
all placed for eafe keeping, together with
the bulk of his fortune, in a private bank.
It is alleged that he agreed with Russia
for a consideration to prevent the up
building of the Turkish navy. /
OTTAWA. Ont.. July 28.— Sir Wilfred Laii
rier gave notice" to-night of a bill for the con
struction of a national transcontinental rail
way. This Is the Grand Trunk PacI0c.
"In all probability the company now
with the posses will soon be dismissed,"
General Stone said yesterday, "for the
men in charge of the campaign against
the outlaws have discovered that it is
simply an ordinary man hunt on a. large
scale and that the troops would do more
harm than good. The Sheriffs and the
men under their command know the coun
try well, while the soldiers would soon
get lost in the wilderness and their mili
tary skill would be utterly worthless in
a case of this sort."
GREAT excitement prevailed for a
while yesterday at the National
Guard headquarters at the Grand
Hotel. Adjutant General Stone was at his
post early, expecting news every moment
from the troops which had been ordered
out to pursue the fleeing outlaws at Fol
som. From the nature of the dispatches
received it was soon apparent that the
soldiers could do but little in the way of
taking up the trail.
About noon General Stone received a
dispatch from Nevada City stating that
the company ordered from that place had
been dismissed, as telegrams from the
Sheriffs conveyed the intelligence that the
posses could handle the chase better than
the troops and that the services of the
latter were not needed.
Militia Unable
to Render Jiid
to the Posses
SCENE OP THE TERRIBLE CON
FLICT THAT OCCURRED AT FOL
SOM PRISON AND A PROMINENT
OFFICIAL WHO PARTICIPATED
IN THE FIGHT.
The supposition that Gordon was
wounded at Mormon Island bridge was
discussed to-day when his red shirt and
other clothes were brought into the pris
on. Gordon stripped off 'his red shirt
just before the convicts arrived at the
bridge in order not to attract special at
tention to himself. The number 5345 is on
the shirt and there are many blood stains
on It. The shirt, like all the others aban
doned by the convicts, is ripped right
down the front. The convicts took no
chances of being taken at a disadvantage
by the guards they held prisoners by re
moving their shirts by the usual method
of pulling them over the'ir heads. No word
has been received from the prison posses
to-day by the Warden and the informa
tion gathered here has been secured by
t^lcfihone from points near the scene of
action in El Dorado County.
Late to-night a message was received
from Pilot Hill from Captain Swisler, who
is in command of the National Guard.
He said that the convicts were reported
to have doubled on their tracks from
Granite Hill and to have recrossed the
American River.
A r.umber of guards have been searching
the wooos near Mormon Island bridge in
hope of petting some trace of "Red Shirt"
Gordon, who dropped from the ranks of
the convicts when Guard Ryan fired on
them at that point. Some of the guards
think that Gordon was killed.
MYSTERY OF GORDON.
"I made my way as far as the hotel at
Pyot Hill and I laid down there. The con
victs did not molest me while they were
at the hotel, and from that place I heard
the- sound of the firing. I remained at the
hotel all night with the posses that gath
rre-d there and I came back with Guard
Klcnzendorf in a wagon to the prison.
Garfield Hicks, a young: colored man
who works in a store at Folsom, was se
lected yesterday to drive the supply
wagon of the company of the National
Guard that came here from Placervllle by
special train and then proceeded to the
front under command of Captain Swlsler.
Kicks tells an interesting story of the
journey of the guardsmen to catch up
with the prison posses and the convict
band.
"We started from Folsom yesterday
;upt about 6 o'clock In the evening," he
paid, "and we followed the road taken by
:h#» convict.*?. It was very dark and we
had trouble at times to find our way.
XSje arrived at Pilot Hill about midnight.
There were a lot of prison guards, deputy
.^hrriffs and armed men gathered there.
They told us of the battle that had taken
place earlier in the evening between the
<-onviets and the men who were sent out
to capture them. I left there at daylight.
r.t'er th<« soldiers and other men went on
ahead after the soldiers. They said they
•lid not need me. as they had men from
Placc-rville to meet them at Pilot Hill. I
cprae back here to Folsom to return to
my work."
Everything is "very quiet at the prison
t "-night. » No definite information" has
reached the prison as to the identity of
The convict killed at Pilot Hill. Some of
the guards who were captured by the
convicts fay that the dead man is How
ard, others aver that It is the body of
Murphy, while it is claimed still again
that the dead man is Convict Eldridge-
SOUNDS OF BATTLE.
"After we were captured yesterday and
we cot as far a"3 Mormon Island bridge
the convicts forced Guard Jeter and my
self to carry Convict Case, who was lame.
When we arrived at the bridge and Guard
Ryan fired at the convicts there was con
siderable excitement. The guards waved
their hands in the direction from which
the shots were fired in order to attract
attention to themselves and show that
they were unwilling members of the band.
"When we got in the wagon that the con
victs stole and we were within one mile
of Pilot Hill I was taken sick and vomited.
The convicts threw me over the back of
the wacon onto the road.
FOLSOM. July 28.-Stage
Driver Tony Brown, one
of the officials of the
prison captured yester
day, returned this morn
ing with Guard Klenren
<!orf after being released
by the convict band.
Brown is a young man
and is very popular in the prison, and the
report received last night that he had
been ehot by the convicts was heard with
deep concern. When the news was sent
here this moraine by telephone that
Brown was not injured there was consid
erable rejoicing. To a Call correspondent
who met Brown as he arrived at the pri
son he made the following statement:
Special Dlep&tch to The Call.
Fleeing Convicts
Double Upon
Tracks.
Driver Suffers at
Hands of the
Mob.
DESPERATE FUGITIVES URGE THEIR PRISONERS
OVER HILLS BY THREAT OF TORTURE AND DEATH
Raid of a House
Precedes a
Combat.
Lead From Rifles
Sings Ground
Slayers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
¦ .¦ i^M OLSOM, July 23.— Joseph
J§T Foster, the Portuguese
Kb rancher, living at Nlg-
B?j iCT ger Hill, four miles from
gg .~^ . Folsom, whose house was
Jgf raided by the band of es
dfnfl caplng convicts and- his
wagon and four nbrse
team stolen, and who was
forced to drive for the desperadoes, re
turned to Folsom at 6 o'clock this even
ing. His story is as follows:
, "I was . coming down with two four
horse loads of wood toward Folsom from
my place when I was met by the band of
escaped convicts; This was right above
the house of Mr. Norris at Nigger Hill.
One of the convicts came up to my wagon
and told me to stop and unhitch 1 my team
and hitch the horses to Mr. Slotman'a
wagdta, of which they already had posses
sion.
"Slotman's wagon was loaded with
wood and they made myself and his two
hired men unload the wood. Then they
made me climb on the seat and drive.
They forced me to rush the horses from
the place where they captured me, up to
Derrington's . ranch, where they let me
take my time until they got to^Pilot Hill
in the afternoon. ' . ¦ '
LOOTING OF A STORE.
"When we got to Pilot Hill all the con
victs got out and made me drive down to
the hotel. They then walked to the hotel
and made the people there prepare dinner
for all of -us, convicts and guards and
others. They helped themselves to every
thing in the store. They remained there
from 2 till about 5 o'clock in the evening.
When the stage from Auburn passed,
shortly after 5, they ordered me to get on
the seat of the wagon and for the rest
of the captured men to get on board.
They ordered me to take the road which
led to Lotus.
"When I was going around the corner
of the schoolhouse one of the convicts
accidentally discharged his revolver. I
went about one hundred feet farther on.
when all of a sudden bullets began to
fly on all sides of us from all directions.
The convicts spoke up and yelled at me
to whip up the horses and said they
would shoot me if I did not hurry.
"The convict who was on the seat with
me Jumped off the seat to the ground and
punched the horses in the ribs with a rifle
to make them, go faster. Then one of the
wheelers was shot by the posse in the
forward foot. It fell down and got up
again and then the animal was shot
through the stomach and dropped dead.
Two of my other horses were also shot
and injured. ¦
"In the meantime I Jumped off the seat
and then the tiring stopped in a little
while. The negro convict, Seavia, then
wanted to have the convicts to each grab
one of the captured men by the neck,
hold him In front of them and return the
fire. 'Frenchy* Theron. and Woods order
ed Seavis not to do this, but to get to
the woods. Then we all got out of the
wagon and the convicts took hold of us,
but they did not fire on the posse in the
trees on the sides of the road.
TRAVEL OVER HILLS.
'TVe got Into the wooos and started to
climb the top of a hill. Some of the con
victa became exhausted and we had to
stop until they could go on. They took
us across the hill to a place called Rock
Canyon. The ground was so steep it was
Impossible to walk. We had all of us to
slide all the way. "We got into the can
yon and then the convicts got us into a
growth of large willow trees. Some of
the guards accidentally slid over a rock
into a pool of water. "We then went over
another hill and the . guards were com
pelled to help some of the convicts, as
they were completely exhausted.
"When we 'got to the top of the second
hill we all eat down to rest, as we were
almost played out. They kept us there
until after 10 o'clock last night when> they
held a council among themselves. They
then told us to take to the woods and
go. We left them there and we came
back. We followed the ridge for about
three miles and came to some open
ground. As we were afraid we might
come across some strange officers who
were hunting for the convicts, we laid
down and slept until daylight. Then we
came back to the hotel at Pilot Hill and
passed the posses going along the road
and we told them where we had left tha
convicts. At Pilot Hill we all got some
thing to eat and I came Into Folsom with
General Overseer McDonough and the
other four guards who had been • re
leased/Vr.v-:
MRS. STANFORD WILL SOON
START AROUND THE WORLD
Founder of "University Contemplates
Year and a Half of .,.1^
Travel.
STANFORD UNIVER3ITY. July 2S.-
Mrs. Stanford has formulated a definite
plan to leave her university home August
6 for a trip around the. world. She will
sail on that date from San Francisco for
Australia, where she will pay a visit to
her brother-in-law, Thomas Welton Stan
ford, who has made numerous gifts to the
university. From Australia her route
will 11© through India and other trpplcaJ
countries to Europe, whence she plans
to return after about a year and a half.
Mrs. Stanford undertakes the- trip fox
the sake of rest, intending to leave the
sole care of university matters In th«
hands of Dr. Jordan and the board ot
trustees. She will be accompanied by her
private secretary. Miss Bertha Berner; a
maid and p-rhaps one- of her relatives. As
emphasizing her good health and her
courage in starting on such a journey it
is an interesting fact that Mrs. Stanford
will celebrate her seventy-elsrhth birth
day during her Australian voyage.
Reform School for \oy Burglar.
SANTA-ROSA. July 28.— Alvin Butter
wick, the 16-year-old self-confessed burg
lar, who robbed the storehouse of the Oc
cidental Hotel of this city, was sent to
the reform school at lone for five year*
this afternoon by Judge Burnett. Tht
lad told a sad story. He said he had
left his home In Minneapolis with a cir
cus, which he afterward deserted.' He
wanted • tp go to the reform school tc
learn a trade.
WASHINGTON. July 28.— The America*
delegates to the convention called to mot at
Geneva September IS next to revise the rules ol
the Red Cross relative to warfare have been no
tified by the SwUs Minister here of an indeftnlt.
postponement of the convention, No rtu^a ts
•isigneU.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CAIili, WEDNE SPAY; JtJIiY 29, 1903.
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A DOUBTING THOMAS
Had His Falling: Hair Stopped and
Dandruff Cured Without Faith.
II. B. Fletcher. Butte, Mont., October 20.
1899, says: "LJke many other people, I
have been troubled for years with dan-
druff, and within the last few months my
hair came out eo badly that I was com-
piled to have what I had left" clipped
very close. A friend recommended New-
bro's Herpicide. I confess that I doubted
his story- But I gave Herpiclde a trial;
'n«w my hair is as thick as ever and en-
tirely free from dandruff." "Destroy the
<ause. you remove the effect." Herpicide
is a delightful hairdressing for regular
use. Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c
In ptamps for sample to The" Herpiclde
Co.. Detroit. Mich. '
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tie Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the X^ •/C^ -JT"
Signature of L£ajCrf£7<e&&6c/t£
To spread the good .news
— 'Schilling's Best — is /o
spread prosperity.
Money back; at your grocer's.We would like to hear of some one
thing to-day that is all right.
CALL BUREAX'. 1406 O STREET. K.
W.. WASHINGTON. July 28.-One cf the
Senators who will be called Into confer
ence with Senator Aldrich at his Rhode
Island farm on Augnst 10 on the proposed
currency bill has riven »oxne of Wa
views on that measure. He «ayi:
Th« bill baa been rather roughly drawn, tot
before the conference many financial ********
of Congress will have tad an cpsortuatty to
examine tt and «lva ta«lr views. On* cf tte
most popular feature* which will be Incorpor
ated in liie new measure authorise* the Secre
tary of the rreaaury to deposit In national
banks the receipt* for collection of customs. a«
well as Internal revenue coUecticna. walca av
erage about $500,000 a day.
Scarcity cf money in trails circle* m USie*
when crops are moving and whan demands or
a similar character ara Insistent constitute* •
serious handicap to business Interest* general
ly. Every day ntn the withdrawal from
trade of about $1,000,000 and the Secretary of
the Treasury l» compelled to resort to unusual
means to rejnedy the money stringency.
Another feature of the Aldrlch bill grr*» to
the Secretary of the Treasury authority to ac
cept as security for Oovercmeot funds so de
posited State, municipal, county and high ciasi
railway bonds, as well as Government bond*.
epcclal DUpatca to The Call.
William Cluff, the well known mer
chant, and his wife and daughters re
turned last evening from a seven months'
tour of Europe and are registered at the
Palace Hotel. Two years ago Mr. Cluff
and his family started on an extended
tour of the world and got as far as the
Nile, when the sad news, of the death of
his brother, Thomas Cluff, caused them
to abandon their trip and hasten back to
San Francisco. Last January they start
ed again, going direct to Madeira. Portu
gal, and from. there to Gibraltar, Malta,
Smyrna, Constantinople, Beirut. Java,
Jerusalem, Jericho and the principal cities
of Europe, traveling leisurely and seeing
all that was to be seen. In discussing his
trip last evening Mr. Cluff said:
My travels have left one fact deeply Im
pressed upon my mind, and that Is that the
people of the United States have no reason to
complain of tbeir conditions in life, for they
are far better off commercially and nocially
than the people of the cities in the old coun
tries. Especially does this apply to the work
inKmen of this country, a fact which I attri
bute to their superior Intelligence, and in this
many foreigners whom I met ~ abroad fully
agreed. We have a higher grade r* -""¦•-•
men in this country. Tneir methods are mod-
William Oluff Finds an
Exemplification of
Fact Abroad.
One Feature of the Pro
posed New Finan
cial BilL
tured by the convicts yesterday.
At 10 o'clock last night the con
victs held a council near Pilot H1U and
three of them decided to strike out for
themselves, Theron being among them.
A strict watch Is being kept In this vi
cinity for suspicious characters, as it la
thought some of the convicts may try to
escape capture and double back to evade
the posses that are working In El Dora
do County. It wu by this means of
"double tracking" that the notorious
outlaw Tracy «o long evaded arreat In
Washington and Oregon.
ern *nd they can average In a day's toll what
It will take a similar workman on the other
continent at leaet two days \o accomplish. Tn«
skill • of the American workman Is uneqnalM.
And. although many may doubt my assertion.
I am prepared to aay that the workmen of tne
West accomplish more in a day than those or
the European cities, where a large proportion
of the working elapses Is made up of Bohem
ians. Slavs and Huns.
While In Turkey I was afforded the pleasure
of "meeting an officer of the Turkish army
who had traveled extensively and some years
ago had visited this country on a Government
mission. Our conversation drifted on t» th«
navies of the world and he Interested me much
by hl» solendid knowledge of our own navy
and of the excellent material of which It is
composed. He predicted that the United States
would eventually rule the waters, claiming that
our sailors have no equal in the navies of the
world In the matter cf Intelligence and self
reliance.
Continued from Pa^o 1, Column 6.
YANKEE SKILL
HAS NO EQUAL
CUSTOMS MONEY
FOR THE BANKS
Two Outlaws
Are Bound for
Sacramento
Convict May
Arfr/l^U* ft
IfitlrUvA Vt
Tudvp
Capital City
Jurist in
Peril.
ESCAPED CONVICT REPORTED TO SEEK THE LIFE OF A JUDGE
AND SACRAMENTO POLICE TAKE MANIFOLD PRECAUIIONS
CORVALLIS, Or.. July 28.— Miss Vera RI
denour. aged 17. who graduated in Jane from
tb* Corvallls public schools and has since re-
BlJed at her home near Corvallls, committed
eutclde last night by swallowing 'carbolic add.
WASHINGTON. July 28.-i-Th« Treasury 'De
partment has decided that drawbacks will be
allowed on Imported fresh salmon when canned
and exported. The question was brought up by
the Pacific Packing and Navigation Company
of Falrhaven, Wash., and other canners on the
coast
WASHINGTON. /July 28.— The tempo
rary ebullition on ' the isthmus has sub
sided, according to a cablegram - from
United .States -Consul General Gudger,
dated at Panama to-day. He says that
everything is quiet and he expects no
more trouble. , ,
Quiet Restored in Panama.
Prof. Edmund S. Meany of the Smith
sonian Institution Is the first scientist to
visit the mummy caves of the Aleuts of
Alaska. Many mummies, to be sure, have
been sent from Alaska from time to
time, but no man of learning has 'ever
examined the caves themselves. The
report which the professor will doubtless
prepare will be looked for with some in
terest.
LONDON, July 28.-The Russian cor
respondent of the Times says In this
morning's issue that the strike at Baku
seems to have been the most serious la
bor disturbance that has ever occurred
in Russia; that It extended to Tints, to
Nostoff and Novo Teherkaak, in the dis
trict of Don Cossacks, and that the Far
Eastern Railway employes were concern
ed. According to the same authority the
disturbances have been renewed 'at Bor
alsoglebsk, on the railway between Voro
nezh and the lower Volga.
Bussian Strikes Are Serious.
ramento to take revenge
upon Superior Judge E.
C. Hart for sending him to Folsom prison
for the long term of forty-flve years.
Late to-night Chief of Police Sullivan I
was visited and asked if he had heard
the story of Gordon's alleged threat.
Chief Sullivan replied that the story had j
reached him and that he was taking
every precaution to protect Judge Hart
from possible harm.
In the gar.g of desperadoes for whom
"the officers and soldiers are searching the
foothills of El Dorado are four convicts
'sectenced to Folsom by Superior Judge
Hart of this county. Their names, with
.the duration cf the sentences imposed
upon them by Judge Hart, are as follows:
Richard M. Gordon, forty-flve years, for
robbery; Fred Howard, fifteen years, for
robbery; Albert Seavis. twenty-five years,
for robbery; Ray Fahey, life imprison
ment, for robbery.
The name of Judge Hart h&s been a
•veritable terror to the criminal clement
throughout the State and country and
great crimes have been far less frequent
in Sacramento city and county elnce he
has presided over the criminal court. The
Judge is absolutely without fear and the
6p«ei»l Di«x>*tch to The Call. ]
SACRAMENTO. July 28.—
The stcry has been !
brought to this city that j
when Convict Richard M.
Gordon separated from
his fellow conspirators he
said he waa going to Sac-
"A whole lot If you know how to work
it," returned the other. "You see I left
New York June 29,' which arrangement
brought me Into Yarmouth, Nova Scotia,
on the morning of July 1, the great Can
adian holiday, the anniversary of the fed
eration of the provinces. It's as much to
them as the Fourth Is to us. Just before
I left I discovered a British flag that I
had brought back with me after a pre
vious visit to Canada. I packed my cam
era and other articles upon which they
might have collected duty just under
neath that flag, which was spread out to
cover all the contents or the trunk below
the tray. ¦ I folded It squarely and neatly
so that the jack appeared in the proper
corner. When we got to Yarmouth the
pop guns and crackers were banging here
and there and everybody, including the
customs people, was patriotic and good
natured. 'Got anything dutiable?' said
one of the examiners as he unlocked the
trunk and lifted out the tray. You ought
to have seen him when* his eyes lighted
on the. flag. 'I guess we don't dare go be
hind that flag on a day like this, 1 he said,
and turning the key in the. lock he chalk
ed the lid with the customary sign. It
was all so easy that I determined to try
it again next year."— Baltimore Herald.
A Brooklyn woman who spends her
summers In Canada wa'a asked if the
custom officers made much trouble for
travelers in examining trunks at the
border. "Well," she replied, "they
didn't bother me last time I crossed. I
took refuge beneath the folds of the
British flag." .
. "What's the British flag got to do with
American baggage?" continued the ques
tioner.
How a Brooklyn . Woman Availed
Herself of British Pa
triotism. *
BRITISH FLAG SAVED
. HER CUSTOM DUTIES
During his service on the bench Judge
Hart has sent more than a score of dan
gerous criminals to terms the equivalent
of life Imprisonment. To this public ser
vice, with that rendered by Chief Sullivan
and his officers In ferretinsr out the
crimes, the citizens regard as due the
ridding of this community of the class of
desperadoes of whom Gordon, Howard,
Seavls and Fahey are types.
Under the name of Harry. Freer Gordon
served two terms in the Illinois peniten
tiary. In the crime which he committed
in Sacramento he had two confederates,
Fred and Amos Spellman. Judge Hart
sent Fred Spellman to the State's prison
for thirty-five years and 'Amos Spellman
for thirty years. One of the brothers got
into a fight In Folsom and was killed. '
Auburn saying a story had reached his
office that Gordon and another man,
whose name was not given, had deserted,
their fellow convicts in the hills and had
boarded a train some distance from Au
burn for Sacramento. I Immediately de
tailed officers to appear in plain clothes
In the neighborhoods which, from his past
history. I was sure Gordon would seek. I
remained on active duty until nearly
daybreak for the purpose of aiding In the
capture should Gordon strike town."
However, there Is little use to worry or
repine. The throat cf the splendid West
has been clutched by the bloodless fin
gers of Eastern conventionality. Why,
not so long since this same Judge Reeder
fined a cowboy 110 for punching the eye
of a barkeep who didn't mix his toddy
properly! It is only a question of time
when Western gents will be expected to
take off their hAs to Western ladies.
There was a dance at Hays City recently
and the "caller" never once said, "Get
yer heifers for a dance." He minced
mouthlngly with. "Take your partners
for a quadrille."— Kansas City Journal.
"Take off yer euns and hats, ye bums
and sports— the honorable court is now
In session!" .
A brief note in a Russell paper states
that Judge Jim Reeder of the District
Court haa informed the members of the
local bar that they will no longer be al
lowed to appear in court in their shirt
sleeves. Probably Judge Reeder is not to
blame for this. He seems to be simply
the helpless instrument of that effete
clvlllration of the East which Is over
whelming the primitive democracy of the
boundless prairies. But nevertheless this
order will sorely try the souls of a few
remaining members of the ancient West
ern bar who did not consider themselves
equipped for business until coat was off,
suspenders down and shirt thrown open
at the neckband. Coatu. indeed! Time
enough has not yet elapsed to make us
forget the picturesque G. Polk Cllne, who
used to come to this selfsame court in
overalls, army shirt and bare feet, often
giving slight annoyance to his brother at
torneys by working the mud from be
tween his toes while his extremities were
elevated above the common table. And
neither can we reconcile this pert order
with the fashions of not so long ago,
when bluff old Sheriff Lanahan used to
convene court in this short but emphatic
formula: .¦•": ¦¦'.; -".. . :<
"Last night I received a telephone mes
sage from Under Sheriff William May at
BLIGHTING INFLUENCE
OF EASTERN INCOMERS
How It Is Overwhelming the Primi
tive Democracy of the
Prairies.
Judge Hart's residence will be carefully
fruarded by Chief Sullivan's orders and
the man who seeks to break into it at
night will do so at his peril. Chief Sul
livan said to-night:
"I have made such arransements that
it will be imooBsible for any man to as
sault Judge Hart. I have taken due pre
cautions to guard him. I do not know
how the story originated that Gordon In
tended coming to Sacramento to take re
venge upon the Judge who sentenced him
to imprisonment. I don't think Gordon
intends to do anything of tne kind. If he
or anv of his fellow escapes head this
way I don't think they will dare to come
any farther than the vicinity of Rosevllle.
where they will be likely to board a night
train for the north and then probably
seek the Klondike country. These men
¦ had better keep away from Sacramento.
We know them, and the first one who en
\ ters the city limits will get a mighty
warm reception.
"Last night I received a telephone mes
sage from Under Sheriff William May at
precautions which Chief of Police Sul
livan is taking: at this juncture are not
made at his request. Indeed it la -ex
tremely doubtful that he has knowledge
of them.
PROMCCEN'T OFFICIALS OF SACRAMENTO WHO ARE MUCH CONCERNED OVER THE REPORT THAT ONE
OF THE DESPERATE CONVICTS WHO ESCAPED FROM THE FOLSOM PRISON WILL MAKE"*AN AT
-"— TEMPT ON THE LIFE OF A FANCIED ENEMY ON THE BENCH.
Now that the excitement of yes
terday has partly subsided and a
careful review of yesterday's out
break is made, it is . .the. general
opinion of all that no blame can
be attached to any . one : person.
Evidence is ; already in the pos
session $1 Warden Wilkinson
showing that the outbreak was
planned a year ago and also to
take place six months ago. On
both of these occasions some of
the band of convict plotters weak
ened and gave certain information
that led to the frustration of the
plots to break for liberty.
One year ago dirk knives were
found in the cells. of some of ,'the
convicts, and a similar discovery
was made six months ago. Con
vict Wqods boasted of the plots
yesterday to Guard Klenzendorf
while the officer was a captive of
the escaping prisoners.
"You thought you were pretty
smart, Jack," said Woods, as he
brandished a big dirk in the* of
ficer's face, "but we were too
smart for you this time and your
band of stoolies. We could have
turned the trick a year ago, and
also six months ago, but your
stoolies peached on us and you got
our knives. But this time we
fooled you all."
Guard- Klenzendorf is the of
ficer who on the above mentioned
occasions discovered the knives in
certain cells and portions of the
prison. There is no doubt but
that certain convicts enabled the
band to make a successful break
for liberty. While some of the
long dirks that were wielded yes
terday were made out of files, the
presence of razors showed that
outside aid had been secured. A
piece of broken razor was picked
up in the prison yard last evening,
and it must have belonged to one
of the weapons used in the battle
in the office of the captain of the
guard. It is blood-stained and its
edge is keen and smooth. The
razor and many others must have
been smuggled into the prison at
some time, as' it is- impossible to
make such weapons out of any of
the prison implements used in the
rock quarries.
PLOT A YEAR OLD.
John Wild, S. A. Stewart, George
P. Gerber, C. Rigney, Michael
Cooney, C. H.' La France and E.
Sinas. The evidence of Warden
Wilkinson, Captain of the Guard
Murphy and other officials told
how the break from prison took
place and how Cotter and Joseph
Cochrane had been slashed with
razors and stabbed with dirks by
the band of desperate convicts.
The jury quickly returned a
verdict that Cotter came to his
death at the hands of the thirteen
convicts, whose names were
added to the findings. A charge
of willful murder was recorded
against the thirteen men and other
unknown accomplices who are
said, to have been cognizant of the
plot and who will be forced out by
a rigid investigation.
The body of Cotter was shipped
on this morning's train to his
home in Sacramento, one of his
sons being in charge of the re
mains. Joseph Cochrane is lying
at the Warden's house mortally
wounded. Everything is beiijg
done that medical skill can ac
complish, but his condition is very
grave and the doctor will not ex
press a definite opinion as to his
chances of recovery until the
next twenty-four hours have
elapsed. Most of the prisoners
here were locked in their cells to
day, and only a few% necessary for
certain work, were seen about the
yards and grounds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903.
Continued From: Page 1, Column 7.
Conspirators
Long Busy
in Cells.
4
JKO. J. FUI/TOir CO.
A Petaluma
Miracle
This week we announce the re-
covery from Bright's Disease of
Mr. Jorgensen, farmer, well
known in Two Rock Valley, near
Petaluma. His wife, Mrs. M. C.
Jorgensen, transmits the follow-
ing facts: v\
"In December my husband was be-
lieved to be dying. Was nearly blind,
and in convulsions, passing rapidly
from one to the other, when the Ful-
ton Compound was administered, the
first few doses having to be forced
down him. ,The third day he began
to clear up. Improvement was con-
tinuous, eyesight returned and he is
now about and over the farm as usual..
The whole neighborhood knows all
about it, as does also the attending
physician, one of the best in the
county." .
(Note — W« bave «**n th« phjYlclan and he
confirms the «A>o\-e facts. — J. J. F. Co.)
A common remark is, "I haven't
Bright's Disease— only chronic
kidney trouble." Why, Bright's
Disease IS chronic kidney trouble,
and nothing else — only another
name for it. If you have any kid-
ney trouble whatever, why not
start right with the only thing
known that will cure it if it is se-
rious? : ,.
Fulton^s Renal Compound for
Bright's and Kidney Disease, $i ;
for Diabetes, $1.50. Jno. J. Fulton
Co., 409 Washington street, San
Francisco, sole compounders.
Bjf?fcii3HaiijNJHKy^K% T-^SHjKTI V t' «R W^D M**^*! K J t&&MT*f' S S&&i r Jft**y \ *. v*C •> . >. T * •'* » •** > ' *Jf »' — vJpV^l !» ¦ ' "A
EnPPSBI *HHw SS»5ES^xW^«*MiJli4]<*s> SBUSXBi V.VUKS^ M*>. F^*» t^^™ f *{R*_r J l^'$4*JKRm^Mr*- JBM^*T^?JM3yji*sssssf'- **+ JnitfJL t'^SL. -Z> * \'¥'s*h?*/t*'* «•* «^ '/' t "•'*** 15j» -'i" ¦ * *& ">r*" ' i /* *- *
W^9K^tK^^ff^^SBlfKH^^^^^^:!mwN T y jRy ffyfffl JrjmMlf^^^ '^_ir iJt^^^fc*^*^*sssssssss»ML^^BcBilfl '-*• t ?£*"**¦ -ti
free with next Sunday's call
5^ . DON'T FAIL TO GET THIS EXQUISITE ART SUPPLEMENT ONE WITH sa
(I EVERY COPY OF NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL. ALL DEALERS I AND I TRAIN *? A
V NEWS AGENTS SELL THE CALL. PRICE T.V~.......... ....... _..*. Oo
THEY ARE PRAIMIIMG THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS
' • ' •' • '. • - - The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: ;
Co^^^tS^^T^av^boot g^S^OSS-ff fflfffiSS s'tre^ JtSX™*-™' * FWto & U
. store. 817 K street. . ; Weber's art store. 425 East Main street! to£cv<-l_c «. ' <
PETALUMA-H. S. . Gutermute, J. - . M ARYSVILLE-O. W. HauT & DtCk -
M. Wyckoff. : . , OAKLAND— E. J. Saake, 13 Tele- REDDING— W. H.^ Bergh. "Bergh
» SA^ S J o°n SE - GeOrSeD ? nne ' WM & a e& aVenUe: Twelfth Furnitur V^Tt^Corn^y HOUStOD *
STOCKTON-Morris Bros/ Book- Pa^rSt^ ** "*»™. sTnta° CRUzSf^ I
etore. 20 North Eldorado street; Stock- CHrcO-Fetters &.Williams. BrTs!; F. R HewTcrecSe H$an? 'CIVIL. WAR VETERANS WHO
ARE O.VG.A.H, ENCAMP
MENT COMMITTEES.
OMAHA, July 2S.— A heavy rain laU this
afternoon cooled off the high temperature In
this city and relieved growing; crops In the
eastern half of Nebraska and Western Iowa.
Reports of good rains also come from Um ta
terior of the State.
PARIS,' July, 28.— Henry RIdgeway, . tho
American sportsman, long master of the
hounds :-,- at- : Pau, has , been named . with
Prince D'Arenburg, president of the jock
ey club.' to ' be one - of the judges \ in the
coming, long; distance, endurance, tests of
French horses. . This is considered to bo
a tribute' to American sportsmanship.
American to Judge French Horses.
LONDON, July 28.— At -the Goodwood
race meeting. to-day the Steward's cup of
300 sovereigns, added to the handicap
sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each, for
3-year-olds and upward, five furlongs and
13-1 yards, which; brought out a field of
twenty-one horses, was won by Dumbar
ton 1 Castlei' Nabot was second and Le
Blizon ran .third. B
Dumbarton Castle Wins.
Receiver for Woodland Hotel.
WOODLAND, July 28.— Carl Hankel.
proprietor of the Byrnes Hotel, was to
day removed again from the management
by the order of Judge Hart of Sacra
mento and Byron Hlllhouse was appoint
ed receiver. The order was made on the
showing of his wife's attorney that he at
tempted to remove about $3000 worth of
liquors from the hotel in violation of the
court's order not to remove or dispose of
any of the property. Hankel will be cited
to appear before Judge Hart Saturday
next to show cause why he should not bo
punished for contempt of court. He was
apprehended in the act of shipping to his
sister at Oakland a quantity of. liquor,
which he had removed from the hotel
Sunday night.
The diamond mines of Kimberley have
produced In the past thirty years $350,000,
000 in the rough.
LISBON, July 2S.— King Charles gave a
luncheon on Monday at. Clntra, fourteen
miles .from Lisbon, In the mountains. In
honor of 'the American naval officers, and
to-night a banquet was given' In their
honor at' the Ministry of Marine. All of
tho members of the Ministry were present
and cordial speeches were delivered. The
duration of, the stay of the American
squadron here has not been decided.
Banquets American Officers.
more disappointment
Messrs. '/Kelly & Liebes. 120 Kearny
street, extend an apology to the ladies
who' did riot get their suits on time dur
ing "their, removal sale, which continues to
be a great success. They desire. to state
that they have engaged thirty extra In
help, yet It was Impossible to get all gar
ments out on time. Again ten more tail
ors have been engaged, so there will be no
A Public Apology to the Ladies.
2*23 pace, purse $20CO— Elastic Pointer won
two straight heats In 2:(*m. H*l Chaffln.
Mary Anna. Harry D. Fred H. Ella Hal. Mils
Georgia and Major Wllion also started.
2 - 17 trot purse $1000 — Tanforan won the
second and third beau In 2:161*. 2:11H- Ber
nalda won the first heat In 2:10%. The Gen
eral. Prince Greenlander. Mlllard Sanders.
Hlbier Dlllonberry. Direct View, Nlcolette,
Jim Fenton, Elma O and Birch Charmer also
started.'SB&KlHi
2-00 pace, purse $1500— Joe Poln'er won In
straight heats In 2:07%. 2:05H- Allerson.
Suffret. CubanoU. Blrdena. Mustar.1. Rosebud.
Lady AHrlght. Schley Pointer and Kelly Brlggs
also started. v
2:1» pace, purse I10CO (unfinished) — Ebony
King won the second and third heats In 2:lHi.
2:111*. Kinpnore won the first heat In 2:12"-,.
Nallstorm. Lord Gentry. John W. Patterson.
Robert D. Dacy. Little Sphynx, Funston and
Queen of Shades also started.
2-14 trot purse $2000— Billy. Buck won two
straight heats In 2:13. 2:1114. Lorrlwi. Joy
maker. Alfred Star and Black I.ady also
started.
CLEVELAND. July 23.— In spite of the
vigilance of the officers placed at the
Glenvllle track by Mayor Goff. handbooks
were operated this afternoon and many
wagers were made, the bookmakers pass,
ing out to their patrons small blue tick
ets. No arrests were made, as the work
was done very quickly and without the
sanction of the association. The «por_
was of the best, fast time being made in
all of the events and close finishes being
the order in three of the events. Sum
mary:
In Spite of the Vigilance of Police
Many Wagers Arc
Made.
CLEVELAND BOOKMAKEBS
AGAIN DOING BUSINESS
The platform adopted by the party de
nounces the administration of Governor
Dole as oligarchial, the charge being made
that Governor Dole and a select clique
control the affairs of the Territory In a
selfish and wasteful manner. The admin
istration la charged with being corrupt.
HONOLULU. July 23.-At to-day's ses
sion of the Home Rule Convention ex-
Delegate AVUcox urged that Congress be
memorialized to grant Hawaiian Indepen
dence. He also strongly favored tho es
tablishment of a government for the Isl
ands similar .to that of Cuba. His re
marks were received with much applause.
It is probable that a petition embodying
the views expressed by Wilcox will be
prepared for presentation to Congress by
Delegate Kalanlanaole. Such an appeal
would doubtless receive the signatures
of many natives. - . {f"i'
Would Have a Government Similar
to That Established in
. ; Cuba. m&lJ
HAWAIIAN HOME RULEBS
DESIRE INDEPENDENCE
Superintendent Sands says that days
would have been required to replace the
wires had they gone into the gulch, this
particular pole being thekey to the sys
tem In the uouthend of the city. Tho
r.fcessary repairs have now been mada
and correspondence with President Sa
bin at San Francisco has resulted In the
authorization of the local management
to offer a reward of 51000 for the arrest
and conviction of the offender or offend
ers. . Attempts are supposed to be a re
sult from the recent strike of linemen^
which the company overcame by employ-
Ing non-union men.
TACOMA. July 28.— A serious attempt
was made on. Saturday night to wreck
the local SuiVset telephone system by
causing the collapse of the highest pole
in the city at a point where It would
ha\-e cut off the out of town service to
the north and east In a moment and
which would have taken an Indefinite pe
riod to make right again. The ninety
seven-foot pole at the corner of-Wlnthrop
and Puyallup avenues carries two 100-wlre
cables, besides many local exchange wires
and all out of town wires. This pole, near
the ground. Is three feet In diameter and
was found on Sunday morning to have
been sawed one-third of the way through.
Only the strong guy wires held it in po
sition. The cutting of these would have
thrown the pole into a deep gulch below,
paralyzing all connections with the. towns
cast and north of Tacoma. '
Special Dispatch to The Call
Key Telephone Pole in
Tacoma Is Sawed
Almost Through
By the terms of the treaty a list of the
custom-houses, concerning whose number
there is a great divergence of opinion,
must be supplied to Great Britain.
PEKING. July 2S.— Ratifications of the
Anglo-Chinese commercial treaty have
been exchanged. This treaty was signed
by Sir James L. Mackay and the Chinese
commissioners in Shanghai last Septem
ber. It provides for the abolition of likln
barriers, while native custom-houses enu
merated in the Government records are
retained.
LONDON. July 29.— The Dally Chronicle
this morning, en authority of "a usually
well-informed correspondent." hears that
peace will be preserved in the Far East
throughout the coming winter. The cor
respondent says that Russia has made im
portant concessions to the United States
and Japan, while Great Britain, which
has conducted her negotiations on more
sober lines, also has obtained her desires.
The Chronicle adds that an Important
Russian statement will be issued. shortly.
Meanwhile, the paper adds, it is signifi
cant that two British warships have Just
left Wolhalwel.
"It is understood," says the Chronicle,
"that the strained situation In the Far
East was discussed in council In London
last week, and that the present happy
issue of negotiations was announced at
the council."
The Influx has become so great that the
Mexican Government is said to be seri
ously considering issuing a decree re
straining further immigration. Informa
tion in the hands of United States author
ities shows that the object of many of
these Chinese who are brought to Mexico
Is to reach the United States and that
they cross, the border without detection.
Since the new steamship line that plies
direct between China and ports on the
Pacific Coast was put into operation sev
eral months ago Chinese are being
brought Into this country at the rate of
about 10,000 a month. It ia said that more
than 100,000 Chinese will have been
brought "over, by the close of the present
year.
.AUSTIN, Tex.. July 2S.— It i3 stated by
the United States authorities of this dis
trict, which borders on the Rio Grande,
that there is more smuggling of Chinese
into this country from Mexico now than
ever before and that it is found necessary
to greatly increase the force of inspectors
on the border, with the view of checking
the violations of the Chinese exclusion
act.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
DENVER. July 28.— The conference of
Populists which has been in session for
two days ; adjourned sine die to-night.
The resolutions committee reported an
address to the public which was adopted,
declaring that all differences between the
two factions of the party have been
settled. It is expected that the two na
tional committees which meet here to
morrow will ratify this action. The com
mittee, appointed to select the members
of a committee of one from each State",
on organization, to work in connection
with the national committee, was unable
to complete its work and it was, by reso
lution, empowered to complete the com
mittee at its leisure. The gentlemen to
whom this Important work is delegated
are J. A. Edgerton. of Colorado: Milton
Park, of Texas; J. H. Calderhead, of Mon
tana, and C.Q. de France, of Nebraska.
They are .to be members of the larger
committee., when it is completed.
The. afternoon session was largely taken
up in short addresses. The committee to
nominate an- organization committee re
ported its. Inability to complete its work
at this time and It3 members were made
the organization committee with power to
add to its membership one man from each
State and Territory in the Union. This
committee is to carry on the work of or
ganization .until the meeting of the next
national convention, when it is expected
that formal organization of the two
Populist parties will occur. The confer
ence adjourned this evening
Russia Makes Conces
sions to America and
Japan.
Populist Conference at
Denver Adjourns
in Peace.
Violations of Exclusion
Act on the Mexican
Boundary.
CHINESE POURING
ACROSS BORDER
PEACE IN ORIENT
THROUGH WINTER
PLAN TO WRECK
SYSTEM FAILS
honor to the veterans on their arrival
here, which Is now close at hand.
As usual. Market street will be brilliant
ly lighted with Incandescent lights from
the ferry building and out as far as .Van
Ness avenue. More lights will be used
than ever before. Bunting and flags will
be hung in profusion all along the main
thoroughfare. In fact, everything that
can be done to make the city attractive is
being accomplished as quickly as possible.
The various committees in charge of
the work are laboring overtime at pres
ent In order to have the work completed
in time. So far, everything has been en
tirely satisfactory and the task of deco
rating the city has gone on as smoothly
as could be expected.
DIFFERENCES
ALL ADJUSTED
• CARACAS, Venezuela, July 28. — General
Antonio Ramos, one of, the four -chiefs
ordered* to remain. in, the field,: who had
a camp near Santa Lucia, has surrender
ed to the government together with 400
men, their arms and ammunition.
General Ramos Surrenders.
LONDON, July 2S.— John D. Long. Unit
ed States Consul General at Cairo, Egypt,
died this morning at Dunbar, Scotland,
where he had been visiting friends. His
death was the result of an accidental fall,
which occurred yesterday evening. .In
the darkness Long missed his footing and
fell from the steps of the house where he
was stopping, fracturing his skull.
Fall Kills American Consul
This arcb is, to be the grandest deco
rative construction attempted in the
his-tory. cf the city. The ferry
building. the City Hall and. in
fact, all the public buildings will
be illuminated as they were never illu
minated before. All the prominent busi
ness men have signalized their intention
to light up their places of business to do
work cf beautifying the city
if for the coming encampment of
|j the Grand Army veterans Is be
. lr.g rushed with as much rapidity
as possible and within a few days
the bulk of the work will be completed.
Nothing Is being left undone to make the
city appear at Its best when the vast
throngs from the East begin to arrive.
The Illuminations will be the feature of
the decorations. Already the . work 'of
stringing the thousands of electric lights
js well under way and the grand arch at
the corner of Market and Third streets
trill soon be finished. .
OROVILLE, July 28.— One of the most
successful hunting trips for some year3
occurred lately in Bucks Valley, Plumas
County. Lee Rutherford and Roy Woods
of Modesto visited the valley prepared to
hunt any kind of game. Rutherford as a
boy knew the country thoroughly. He
and h 4 is companion were very successful
in hunting deer, and one of the bucks
killed was the largest seen in Plumas for
some years. Cows and yearlings had been
killed in the valley by bears, and a num
ber of men were engaged in hunting them.
Rutherford and Woods set traps and were
successful in catching three bears. These
were shot while still held in the trap with
the exception of one very large one, which
had been caught by one foot in a steel
trap. The bear gnawed at his foot until
he ate it off. and was thus enabled to es
cape.
HUNTERS FIND PLENTY
GAME IN PLUMAS COUNTY
Two Modesto Men Bag Many Deer
and Succeed in Killing
Three Bears.
The ¦ reverend debtor is considerably
worried over the affair. If his alleged of
fense is extraditable he will go to Port
land. In any event he declares he will
commence suit. against the Oregon firm
for substantial damages. . •
SAN. MATEO. July 28.— The Rev. How
ard Osborne arrived here June 10, accom
panied by his wife. He is taking a spe
cial course at the Episcopalian . Divinity
School. He said this evening that the
Portland warrant had probably been is
sued at the instance of a photo supply
house there to whom he was Indebted for
lantern slides he had. used in illustrating
a course of lectures. He owes, he says,
J3S, and is willing to pay that sum. The
Portland firm, however, claims 532, and a
few days ago sent him, he says, a letter
in which they .threatened criminal pro
ceedings unless he settled promptly for
the larger sum.
The specific charge upon which the
warrants for his arrest are issued is the
mortgaging of his farm and other prop
erty at Independence and then selling the
same as free from incumbrance at a high
figure. Besides this, he has several other
charges against him gaining publicity," all
of a financial character and Involving his
honesty. Osborne recently left his Meth
odist church membership to pursue post
graduate study in the Episcopal Seminary
at San Mateo, where he now is.
Osborne is grand lecturer of the Order
of United Workmen of Oregon and
prior to going to California had been giv
ing illustrated lectures along the South
ern Pacific -Railroad, from Portland to
Ashland, at a salary of $200 per month.
He is a magnetic speaker and a fine
singer, and as far as yet known has al
ways borne a good reputation. By friends
It is believed that the unhappy event will
turn out to be only spiteful work of those
who dislike Osborne's defection from
the Methodist denomination.
Osborne is an Englishman by birth and
is married. He has no family. His
change of church membership, he claims,
was at a great personal sacrifice finan
cially, involving the loss of salary as lec
turer for the Workmen.
PORTLAND, Or., July 28.— Warrants
were issued to-day for the arrest of the
Rev. G. Howard Osborne, recently from
Portland, but now studying at San Mateo
Theological Seminary, California. Os
borne has been a prominent Methodist
minister for many years, having held im
portant pastorates In Washington and
Oregon. His last charge was at Indepen
dence. Or., where he is eald to have
raised money recently by fraudulent
means, on the occasion of bis resignation
and removal from there.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Deputy Sheriff Butts refused to allow
the young men in Jail to be interviewed,
but stated that thev came to his office
about 3 o'clock and surrendered them
selves, saying they had killed a boy while
shooting at a mark. They were shooting
at a pole with a 3S-caliber revolver and a
22 rifle and did not know that anybody
was in the vicinity. * Their shots were di
rected toward the marsh. About 600 yards
away in line with the shootlne the de
ceased, together with D. Wl Sharon, A.
J. HIggins and C. W. Wold, were swim
ming in the creek. Suddenly young La-
Palm cried out "I'm shot" and fell back
dead. The Sheriff's office will make an
investigation to-morrow.
The body of deceased was brought to
this place by Coroner James Crowe and is
now la his care.
REDWOOD CITY, July 28.— While
swimming in the creek back of Beresford
with three of his young companions
George LaPalm. a boy about 15 years of
age, was this afternoon shot through the
heart and instantly killed. Two young
men, Howard Harrison McClellan and
Bresmo Martin, who were Implicated in
the killing, are now In Jail at this place,
having surrendered themselves shortly
after the shooting, claiming that the sad
affair was wholly the result of an acci
dent. Martin admits that the fatal shot
was fired by him, though he was unaware
at th« time of the presence of the boys
near by.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Bullet Pierces the Heart of
a Fifteen- Year-Old
Bather.
Is Accused of -Engineering
a Fraudulent Prop
erty Deal.
Marksman at Beresford
• Carelessly Eires Into
Swimming PooL
Theological Student at
San Mateo Wanted
in Oregon, j
WARRANTS OUT
FOR HIS ARREST
MISSES TARGET;
KILLS A BOY
CITY WILL DON GALA-DAY
ATTIRE IN HONOR OF G. A. R.
Work of Illuminating and Decorating Buildings
and Streets Now Rapidly Progressing— Grand
Arch to Be the Finest Ever Built Here
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903.
5
FRAMING BRYSON PICTURES
THE "LADY IN GREEN,"
Next Sunday's Call.
Bryson "studies may be framed
with narrow frame, burnish gold
edging and raw y silk mats;
colors selected to ' suit tones and
pictures.. These studies ¦ admit of
a variety of styles and also make
strikingly effective posters. The
''Lady in Green" and companion
pieces to follow are undoubtedly
the swellest art pictures ever
issued by, any newspaper • in
America.
AItViatTISF.TrrF.NTS.
TltT'Ai— - - aft 1
wrtn tne v*oocis
To Back Them
Sewed, Lined and Laid on Your floors.
90 & 95c Wool Ingrain : '£±F%. fS\^
covennR in new patterns. Reversible, full yard a gfl ai
wide. Rooms Measured,, Sewed, Lined and Laid for V^ \-^ %a/
Q£p T^nP^tPV ln Body ' Brussels effects, floral >^ pg,
VO\J IULJIOU J and figured dcsigns . Come ex- /^£T^y .' ,
pectins: to be pleased with thise in every particular. 1 ijif A
Rooms Measured, Carpet Sewed Lined and Laid for vf \/V;
1.35 Body Brussels |i | | r
. Brussels Is that there are suitable patterns for | |
every room, hall and stair— laid on your floor for -¦- -•¦ \Jr-
*y r>rt iVJIf Of! enu ' nei This luxurious, high . -•; f mj
L.J\J ; ff II IUII p ile carpgt has never before been | V^ J~
sold so low. This season's designs. An elegant B H B«f
. ' iUru»cnf bord-rs to rnatrh. Laid nn vnur floor for ¦**¦ ® \J\J ' \
1.00 floral and figured Linoleum rjr
As pretty as a carpet; new patterns, bright colors. * /
Heavy weight,' 4 yds wide. On your floor; sq. yd., ¦ x-/ V/
'\7*\ Dixift Dun^ 3 feet bv 6 fcet - Thick - >% >% m
J.iO UIAIC IfUy^ velvety fabric and rever- // V#-C
sible. Delft blue and green and red.f ringed ends. f.^% ¦
A handy size, durable make, distinctive in looks,** 11 ' tAsftL/
4250 Wilton Ruos, 9x 12 feet, A^.5o
The rare Oriental patterns and rich colorings are *% A.
all that Is to be desired for elegance in big rugs; for T-r -aW
; 275- Angora Rugs ib iS ;^" V| :>|W: .:
and blue. Sitigle door and dressing table size, 18 I v. If;:
by 24 inches; lined. This week these Angoras for JL %md%J
"THE CREDIT HOUSE"
233 235237 Post Street
'. ADVEKTISE2HENTS.
Carrara Is the
Best Paint on Earth
Guaranteed to Look Better, Wear
Longer and Ccst Less Than the
Best White Lead Paints—
Never Fades, Cracks,
Chalks, Peels,
or Blisters.
FIFTY SAMPLE COLORS ACT) ILLUSTRA-
TED BOOKLET PREPAID TO ANT
ADDRESS FREE.
*
t HunarKis cf th^ biggpft tjs<tk of paint In th*»
country are using Carrera raint. There are
.reasons for thle. Her* are teat cf them:
If is utM by th» Per.nsylx-ania R. R. Cj. on
tts ears because It covers more surface, la«t&
.locf'sr. baa a. better rlosi. can be washed
"** w Without ptalKlng and Is not affecud bj- emck«\
gas or <Jurt and dirt, Jogy. F*a air or any cli-
mate conditions. Th* Pullman Palace Car Co.
yx»« ft by the carload r^&ause ample te«
chows it to be hert for eilenr*- and interior
finish. The Chicago Telephone Company and
the Central Union TVpehone Company us«
Carrara paint on all thrir poles because after
n rigid tt*t it vras found that no ether paint,
f not even the best white lead and pure oil, can
compare with it I a lasting quality, appearance
or price per square foot of surface. . Th» roof
'm of the treat FK-ld Museum. Chicago, covering
•seven acre* ot ground, is painted with Carrara
paint. This wai ' done after the most riirid
t tv y«ar»" test in which it was round Carrara
;...rt wm morf! than twice as good in labting
quality than any other paint produced. The
? exclusive aristocratic Kenwocd Club, Chicago.
. . is painted with Carrara paint tx»CJruse It is the
hsi;.lsotr.e*t In glosry, rich finish and the best
* v;>r*«ervative cf wood ever, known. Instead of
painting every year with white lead, this hind-.
some rtructure is now painted every five years
• with Carrara. The Kellogg bwltchboard Com-
par.y uses Carrara palr.t because no other
paint except Carrara, will. hold its color bright
and g!osey through rain and chlue, wind and
weather. The stately Wellington Hotel. Chi-
cago, is painted with' Carrara because It has
jie richest appearance and ia superior in ail
. liie points of a good paint.
The Denver arid" Rio" Grande R. R. use
¦ Carrara palr.t for their depots, buildings and
bridges on the hot, sandy plains and on enowy
• .mountain peaks and always wjth the same re-
C »»lt. It looks better from first to last, rever
f«de« and it outwear* all other paints. It la
equalfy suitable for the Interior and exterior
£ 61 «table or home, factory or laboratory.
among chemical* or subjected to dampncb« of
' dark cellars or in it* wonderful rich tinting
' of Innumerable colors to decorate the Interior
* of the ri^'h man's mansion.
In* every po*»-lMe place where paint is usad
f Carrara is used because It lasts longer, never
f««Jes, never cracks, never peels, covers more
t-urface than th* highest priced paints and
'. costs less than the cheap mixed paints that
• injure instead of protect.
Carrara t»alnt is made ty Carrara Paint
Agency. Cincinnati, Ohio.
Our Pacific Coast distributor*, the Johnson- ;
• Locke Mercantile <\>., 123 California fit.. Fan
Francisco, or the O. C. Zahn Paint Co.. 231
W. First fit.. I>os Angeles. Cal.. will send 00
sample colors free to ar.y one on request, to-
gether with illustrated booklet. Carrara has
Ftood the rooFt rigid tests and It Is the only
paint e^•er manufactured that always gives
perfect satisfaction. Write, to-day for the
samples and booklet.
«rM_-, -CUTLERJIf
ESEEfflAOARBANTED
ADVERTISEMENTS. 8
¦ ' /"A^O^X X^lP^X /^@^§\
V sut^o j \ dudlex;st6ne . / \ ED Y^bN / \ gra'mt /
VpRfMARV J \ PRI y^ RV / \ PRIMARY y \ PRIMARY /
Wftr/ ouiLuns Pp^i
plpl For the Asking. /g|fe\
(SSI) Grammar, Evening or High Pub^ l^gFy
\ grammar / he Schools can have a neat but- x^^/
W^^^$ ton of his or her school free for ~"~^
the asking.
z^cp^ The buttons are just like the
/jT^^^\ pictures shown, except that they /^^^M\
[ ll^|p^ ] are lithographed in colors. We l||pp§ )
V^S^y picture but 16 out of the 82 but- \°^*r7
All boys and girls should wear
z^||||>\ Apply at our Juvenile Depart- /^jgjf^N,
(fifiii ] ment on the second floor. . (^^^g\
\ r 740 Market Street
V HAMHf'ON / \ LIN^LN / V MORAC^MANN / V EViiSfNQ /s-y TATISTICS of street and electric railways have
just been issued in an elaborate bulletin from
the Census Office. They give figures of rail
ways for the year 1902 and for 1890, and thus show
the developments that have taken place in the indus
try during the intervening period. The showing is
in many respects- a remarkable one, but is chiefly no
table for: the figures relating to the substitution of
electricity forother forms of motive power, and the
tendency toward combining small companies and cor
porations into larger ones. .*
For the purposes of the bulletin the term "street
and electric railways" is used to include "all electric
railways, irrespective of their length or location, and
all street-railways, irrespective of their motive
power." It is noted that in 1800 the railroads that
used any motive power other than .'steam were con
fined almost exclusively to urban districts and were
therefore properly classed as' street railways;- but
the use of electricity has enabletl operating companies
to extend their lines into the rural districts, and a
large percentage of the track in 1902 was found but
side the limits orcitics, towns or villages. An effort
STREET RAILWAYS.
Despite all the efforts to exterminate mosquitoes
on the Atlantic Coast, the pests are more numerous
and more aggressive this summer than ever. Per
haps it may be found later on that the petroleum
spread over the breeding places to kill them has had
the effect of feeding them, oiling their, wings, lubri
cating their borers and making them lively.
DAY "WEDDING— R. W. C, City. The
proper dress for a gentleman, groom, best
man and usher is: Frock or Chesterfield
coat; double-breasted waistcoat; striped
worsted, cheviot or dark gray trousers;
high silk hat; white shirt with cuffs at
tached; lap front, wing or poke collar;
white, black or light hued Ascot tie; gold
links for cuffs; gray' suede gloves; patent
leather button top shoes.
DEER— A. S., City. A person who
shoots deer in Sonoma County during the
open season may ship the same to San
Francisco. There are sanae counties in
the State where deer shot Wiring the open
season in Sonoma cannot be .shipped to.
This information can be 'obtained by con
sulting, the game laws of the State or
writing for- information to the County
Clerk, into which It is desired to ship the
deer meat..-'. .
CHINESE— A. • C. T.. La Camina. Cal.
The naturalization of Chinese is expressly
prohibited by section 14, chapter, 126 of
the United States Laws of 1882. The first
act of Congress- excluding Chinese from
the United States was passed and signed
in 18SS. Whether there are "any Chinese
in the United States who were naturalized
before the restriction a.c£ went into ef
fect" is a question that 'cannot be an
swered, as there "are no statistics on the
subject. \ ' »"- '
MATTER OF HISTORY-J. V., City.
Any history of the United States will givo
you full information In regard to the diffi
culties between France and the^ United
States which nearly amounted to a state
of war. The French Directory came ! in
collision .with the Government of the
United \ States because '. of the action' of
France in • seizing American provision
ships arid ., allowing illegal seizure of
American" vessels , by her privateers. The
recall of the United States Minister and
the r refusal of , the Directory to recognize
those Bent to -succeed him resulted ".'in
what was virtually a state of war in 1798,
but in ; 173!) President Adams sent a new.
embassy, which was recognized by Na
poleon, who had ; overthrown . the Direc
tory-/ In' September,.' ISuO, the treaty of
Morfontaine was concluded.; There was
no actualclash of arms between the two
nations.
FLOOR MANAGER— Dancer, City. In
all well regulated ballrooms it is the dnty
or the floor manager to see that the musi
cians are at their post, that the dances
follow in the order of the programme and
to assist in the formation of quadrille
sets, but It is not his duty to secure part
ners. That is the duty of the Aoor com
mittee.
Glass houses of a very substantial kind
can now be built. Slleslan glassmakers
are turning: out glass bricks for all sorts
tt buildinir purposes, claiming for them
such advantages as variety of shape, free
transmission of light, strength, cheapness
and general adaptability.
WORMS- Subscriber, Panocht, Cal. It
is said that tartar emetic' is the best rem
edy for driving worms out of a horse.
If that does not relieve the animal, con
sult a veterinary surgeon.
MARRIAGE VOW— A. M. S., City. The
violation of the marriage vow Is cause
for absolute divorce In all the States and
Territories except South Carolina, which
has no divorce law.
Townsend's California glace fruits anJ
candles. &0c a pound, In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids- *
Special information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by tha
Press CUpplns Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia strc«et. Telephone Main 1042. *
SHIRLEY DARE— Valambrosa. Mendo
cino County. . This correspondent wants
to know if any reader of this department
can furnish him a biographical sketch of
Shirley Dare.
WASHINGTON. July 28.— Quartermaster
General Humphrey has been informed by
cable that the transport Dlx went
aground off the Japan coast last Satur
day. She has since been docked at Draga
and It is estimated that It will take forty
days to make the necessary repairs, as
she Is in bad condition. The Dlx la a
freighter and had on board - 225 tons of
Philippine exhibits for the St. Louis Ex
position. It is expected that one of the
transports now in commission will be put
on to replace the Dlx.
Vessel So Badly Damaged That Forty
Days Will Be Needed for
Eepairs.
TRANSPORT BIX STRIKES
ON THE COAST OF JAPAN
BALLROOM ETIQUETTE-M. F., City.
In a- ballroom It is usual for a gentleman
to dance last with the lady he desires to
escort to the supper table, during inter
mission.
BYRON WRECK— B.. Sacramento. Cal.
By application at the office of the South
ern Pacific you may obtain such a pic
ture of the Byron wreck as you desire.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 23.— At the
Raleigh. Charles R. Trotchell. Los An
geles; Robert W. Means. Oakland.
CalifcTnians in Washington.
JAPANESE LABORERS— A. C. T.. La
Caminla, Cal. Japanese laborers are not
"required to register, the same as Chi
nese laborers In the United States."
ORGANIST— A Subscriber. City. If any
one has been appointed official organist
for the St. Louis Exposition the name
has not reached this city.
BOOK OF L1FE-A. S., City. The cat
alogues show that there was published a
work called "The Book of Life." written
by Vidaver. : '
NEW YORK". July 2S.— From San Fran
cisco—J. W. Hughes, at the Criterion; S.
Mayer, at the Navarre; I* Tozer, at the
Holland; E- Brlnd and wife, J. Anderson,
at the Broadway Central; F. D. Colburn,
at the Manhattan; T. F. Quinlan. I*
Eschen, E. L. Fanning. J. Israel, at the
Herald Square:* E. K. Danin. at the Em
pire; II. O. Palen. at the Albert: A. L.
Sayles, at the Union Square. From Los
Angeles— II. A. Lewi?, at the Everett: E.
H. Graety, at the Empire; B. Macrody
and wife, at the Murray Hill; C. C. Ep
pers, at the Astor: E. H. Graety Jr., at
the Imperial; E. H. Stevens, at the Cad
illac.
Californians in" New York.
THE PUBLISHER— A. I.. Mokolumne
Hill. Cal. The address of C. P. Farrell,
the publisher of Ingersoll's works, is New
York .City.
STEADMAN-J. L,. S.. City. The ad
dress of Edmund Clarance Steadman is
Lawrance Park, BronxVille» N. if.
Mr. Crawford says there are three phases of sen
timent among the Cardinals and those who are sup
posed to have influence with them. Of those he says:
"Some people can see no safety for the church* ex
cept in skillful policy, and they accordingly desire
a 'political' Pope, a statesman, at peace with -all the
states and their rulers, upholding their authority and
himself upheld by them. Others hope for a 'theo
logical' Pontiff, who is to defend the dogmas of the
church and of Christian wisdom, fulminating against
the errors of all such reasoning as they consider over
free and rebellious against the will of God. Lastly,
there are many who dream of a humble, charitable
pious Pope, who shall renew the miraculous con
version of mankind by truly apostolic means."
Of course there is no prominent candidate for the
succession who <ioes not in a measure possess all
the desired characteristics, but still each is identified
more or less with one of them. Rampolla is the
favorite of those who desire a political Pope, but
Crawford does not deem his election likely.. He
says many persons believe he will be elected because
of the immense influence he gained under Leo, but
adds: "I believe a different political tendency is
expected -from the next Pope, and that the great
power so long wielded by Cardinal Rampolla will
in the end do him more harm than good" in the
opinion of the conclave."
Reviewing one by one the characteristics and the
prospects of other prominent Cardinals, Mr. Craw
ford concludes that Gotti is most likely to
succeed, and says: "The obscurity of his monastic
life enhances the affectionate esteem in which he h
held by the other Cardinals.. He was suddenly
brought from the silence of his cell to Rome, to be
raised almost directly to the cardinalate, after one
short mission to Brazil, and the monastic humility
and simplicity which are a second nature with him
make his high merit more conspicuous, and confer
upon him the sort of power which is not- feared but
I loved." <*;- V:
"Public interest in the election is of course far
wider than the widespread reach of the church itself,
for the character and the aims of a Pope are matters
of universal concern and affect Protestant peoples al
most as much as Catholics. It will therefore be a
matter of great moment whether the successor of
Leo be a political, theological or an apostolic Pontiff,
and the world waits the result with a» feeling far
deeper than that of curiosity. ; ; r ¦
/-> PECULATIONS concerning the probable suc-
ccssor to the Papal throne are too conflicting to
be of much value, but a contribution to the
subject by Marion Crawford is of interest because,
as he has been selected to write the official life of the
late Pope, it is fair to assume that his relations with
the Vatican are sufficiently close to afford him, a
fairly accurate knowledge of the situation. For that
reason his recent article on the subject is deserving
of notice, and while it does not undertake to fore
cast the result or to predict the .winner, it throws' a
good deal of light upon the issues at stake.
THE PAPAL SUCCESSION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
FULL, MOON-McN.', Madison. Cal. The
moon was at its full In October, 1S57, on
the 3d of the month.
In view of the mixed nationalities in Chicago the
rules might have gone further. It is the habit of
Russian cooks to spit in the soup. A Russian Minis
ter in Washington once gave a diplomatic dinner.
When soup was served his wife assured the guests
that they could take it safely, for it had not been
*pat in, as she made it herself. This singular re
mark provoked inquiry, when it developed that the
lady thought every one knew that Russian cooks al
ways spit in the soup. As that is the only kind of
soup to be had in Russia the people learn to eat it
without objection and the cook is permitted to spit
in it for luck. Chicago cooks may under the agree
ment spit in the soup if they like, under the legal
rale that what is not forbidden is permitted; but
they, must keep clean hands and not scratch their
heads over the gridiron, like Dr. Sam Johnson's
Scotch boy, whose mother had taken his, cap to boil
the pudding in.
The barkeepers joined in this strike out of sym
pathy and emerge from it regulated, like the rest.
They are compelled to abstain from the use of to
hacco while on duty and from all intoxicating drinks.
The segar "on the house" and regular beers are no
more. When the '"barkeep" is off duty he can re
tire to the outside of his fortification and order his
drink and pay for it, like any other customer. For
and in consideration ol obeying all rules, regulations
and conditions the employes concerned receive an
advance of io per cent in wages. The public, in
view of the addition to its comfort and sense of
greater security in the cleanness of what it cats
and drinks, will be willing to have that small addi-
As far as known it is the first time that a strike
h2s ended in the fixing of a code of ethics for the
occupations concerned. It is to be hoped that the
example will spreads for there are many occupations
that have contact with the public in which good man
ners and attention are the last thing thought of, and
usually are left out entirely. The public is a poor,
patient, raw-boned beast, with its withers wrung so
constantly that they are used to being galled,- and
the poor old thing is glad to know that it is not to
have cigar or cigarette ash or tobaceo spit with its
steak and chops, and is not to have cuds of chewing
gum in its soup. Chicago has done many original
things, from using Lake Michigan for a Teservoir and
the Mississippi River as a sewer, but none of its
originalities is likely to be of more useful example
than the conditions on which the great hotel and
restaurant strike is settled.
THE conclusion of the strike of occupations re
lated to hotels and boarding-houses in Chicago
is of interest because of the review of the issues
presented in the of the final settlement. The
tirst demand was made by the Waitresses' Union, and
was for the right to chew gum while on duty. This
habit had been forbidden by the employers because
a gum-chewing waitress was offensive to their
patrons. The girls struck for the sacred right to
chew gum, and a sympathetic strike, boycott and
much inconvenience and loss followed. Finally a set
tlement was made by which the waitresses go gum
less while on duty, and cooks are forbidden to smoke
or chew tobacco while cooking, and agree to ob
serve other regulations required for cleanliness.
END OP CHICAGO STRIKE.
Rebellion's torch is again raised in Venezuela and
Castro is once more on his mettle. If press reports
of casualties are to be as exaggerated as they have
been in similar diversions of the Venezuelans the
Government will have to import victims to kill as
rebels. The country seems to have been depopulated
in the war dispatches.
"Mr. Hunks." remarked Rivers, meeting
him on the sidewalk next day. "I want to
tell you that the way you sawed off that
chap who was trying to work you for a
subscription in aid of the flood sufferers
the other day was about the neatest thing
you ever did."
"How do you know It was?" snapped olej
Hunks. •"!/..
"By the way. Brooks," said Rivers n
day or two later, "what sort of hat da
you want— plug or panama?" — Chicago-
Tribune.
"Rivers," said Brooks. "I'll bet you m
new hat you can't say anything to oM
Hunks without getting 1 a crusty answer."
"I'll Just take that," replied Rivers.
"Why, he has to stand up, doesn't he?"
"Oh. yes; he never gets a seat In the
cars, but he's a Christian Scientist, and
he imagines he does."— Yonkers States
man. _'* ¦¦•v .'¦
Mrs. Gotham— Isn't your husband awful
ly tired when he gets home at night?
Mrs. Church— No. ¦
Gotham— What's the matter now?
"Why, in a paper published In Nebraska
I saw an obituary of » solf player which
ended like this: 'He's made his lasc
hole." "— Yonkers Statesman.
Church— Those Western editors have
strango ways.
It was at the old New England farm,
drama. "You look overheated." remark
ed the stage manager. "And I feel It,"
growled the hero; "the way they covered
me up with snow In that blizzard scene
was enough to overheat any on© this
weather."— Philadelphia, Record-
"He's the same man, but I think ho
might be classed aa an anti-machine now.
He was run down by an automobile the
other morning."— Chicago Tribune.
"SJoober? Yes. I used to know a ma
chine politician of that name."
"My fingers are "all thumbs, to-day,
mum." said the awkward waiter, picking
the napkin from the floor.
"I hope you'll be careful when you
brlnjr my soup, then." said the fair patron
of the place.— Yonkers Statesman.
"Professor, don't you think many of tho
so-called inanimated things can feel
pain?"
"There is nothing surer in the world.
Have you never observed how a piano
walls and groans when the average per
former strikes It?"— Chicago Tribune.
"I wonder why none of those McGabble
ton girls has married?*'
"I suppose it's for the same reason that
you didn't attend the Vanderbilt wed
ding."—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
While the top may be desirable on ac
count of room, there Is a good deal mora
fun down among the lower rungs of the,
ladder -of life.— Milwaukee Sentinel.
There never was but one woman who
could get out of a hammock gracefully,
and everybody had to take her word for
It.— Chicago Tribune.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
C. Aokal. a fleet surgeon of the Japan
ese navy, who has been inspecting the
naval methods in this and various Euro
pean countries, is at the Occidental. He
is on his way home.
Captain A. H. Payson . and Chief En
gineer Storey of the Santa.^Fe Road. have
gone north on another trip' of inspection
over the proposed route of the new line
between Eureka* and this city.
Dr. Nicholas Senn of Chicago, who
ranks among the foremost surgeons of
the coqntry, arrived from the East last
evening and is stopping at the Palace. He
has come to the city to spend several
weeks.
Edwin II. do Haven of .Chicago and
Charles H. Gage of Denver, who aro en
gaged in operating mines In Northern Cal
ifornia, are registered- at the Palace.
R. M. Boyd. commercial agent of the
ChScago and Milwaukee Road at Seattle,
arrived from the north yesterday and is
registered at the Palace.
Dr. C. W. Nuttine and daughter of
Etna are among the latest arrivals at the
Occidental.
Dr. W. J. G. Dawwn. superintendent of
the Home for Feeble Minded at Eldrldge.
Is at the Grand.
James C. Hately. a capitalist of Chicago,
and his family are at the Palace for the
summer.
Dr. William Green of Los Angeles is at
the Grand.
\V. S. Gage, a mining man of New York,
Is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
€3ra €UsJyL
WEDNESDAY JULY 29, 1903
JOHN a SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
Iddrets All Communications to W. S. LEAIC.E. Manager.
Ask for THE OAXL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
.
PUBLICATIOST OFFICE... Market and Third. 8. F.
t:DITOruAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenion St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cta.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* tor Mall, Including Postage (Caah With Order):
DA2LT CALL (Including Sunday), one year ,. fS.OO
DAXLT ffit.t. (Including Bunday), 6 months 4.OO
DATLT CAlir— By Slcjtle Month..'.. 7Kc
SCKDAT CALL, On« Tw 2J&O
WEEKLT CALL. One T**r < l.«O
f Dally... *8.8O P*r Tear Extra
rOREIGN POSTAGE < Sunday.. 4.13 Per Tear Extra
I W*«kly.. 1.OO P*r Tear ExU-a -
All Postmasters are authorized to recelye
subscriptions.
Sucpl* ct!'» will be forwarded when reouetted.
Meil ccbscrlbere In oro>rlnc cbang-« of a£drest should - b«
particular to c*v« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to l&rure a prompt and correct compliant* with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
I11S Broadwar Telephone Main 10H3
DCRKELEY OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
C GEORGE KROGXESS, Manager Foreign Adver
tising, Marqnette Building:, Chicago.
iLonc Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 14O6 G Street, ». W.
KEW TORli REPRESENTATIVE:
feTEPHEX B. SMITH SO Trllinne Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-av*nu# Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel,
Tremont House: Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
JJR A> CH OFFICES— 627 Monts-omery. coiner of Clay, open
until 9:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:*0 o'clock. S33
McAlllrter, open until 9 :3O o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
8:30 o'clock* 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2291
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109« Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open "until 8
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore, open until 9 p. m.
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Lee arrived
this evening. Layton Whitney, another
witness for the State, arrived to-day.
Mrs. Daniel J. Kelley will present the let
ters received by her husband from Former
Lieutenant Governor Lee. ; ',
The application was granted by Judge
Hazell and the bribery cases will not
come before him for trial. The attorneys
were in conference the remainderVof the
afternoon. trying to agree upon a Judge
to try the cases and had not agreed when
court adjourned till 9 o'clock to-morrow
morning. If the attorneys cannot reach
an agreement Judge Hazell will appoint
a Judge to-morrow. The first duty of the
new Judge will be the trial of a plea in
abatement.
• Attorneys for the defendants asked for
time to consider the answer, and Judge
Hazell adjournfd court t'o;3 p. m. When
court reconvened demurrers In the caaea
of Senators Smith and Matthews Verc
overruled. A motion was^then filed, ask
ing for a change of venue tor Farris and
Smith. Prejudice on the part of Judge
Hazell is alleged. ¦ v. '.
Shortly before noon Prosecuting At
torney Stone filed an answer to the plea
in abatement, admitting that Attorney
General Crow.was before the Grand Jury
during the taking of evidence when the
indictment was returned, but that ho was
there by the direction of Governor Dock
cry as required by law. . The answer also
states that Stenographer Cosgrove was
the official stenographer of the court,
and was sworn to* srerecy as were the
grand jurors;, that Grand Juror Claude
Clark, who was not present during the*
taking of all the testimony, did not vote
on the indictment, and that neither the
prosecuting attorney nor the Attorney
<»eneral nor the stenographer were in the
Grand Jury room when the Indictments
were considered.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. July 28.— Judge
Hazell overruled the demurrer in the case
against State Senator Frank Farris,
charged with accepting a bribe of $3000
from ex-Lieutenant Governor John A. Lee,
and called the case for trial to-day. At
the afternoon session Judge Hazell grant
ed a change of venue. It has not yet
been decided who will try the case.
Mourton Jourdan, attorney for Farris,
this morning filed a plea in abatement
and a recess was taken to give Attorney
General Crow time to prepare a reply.
The contention of the plea was that At
torney General Crow had no right to be
in the Grand Jury room during the inves
tigation resulting in the indictments.
Neither Px-Lieutonant Governor I*ae nor
Mrs. D. Ji Kelley. star witnesses, re
spectively for the State and the defense,
was present when court was called.
When the summer maneuvers are con
cluded the ships will go south and begin
a spason of target practice at Gayhead,
in the vicinity of Marthas Vineyard. This
will consume the first week In September,
and at Its conclusion the ship* will dis
perse to the various navy yards for re
pairs preparatory to their winter cruise
hi the West Indies. More than thirty
vessels are expected to participate In the
maneuvers. . teJi-':
WASHINGTON. July -28.— An elaborate
programme for the maneuvers of the
combined North Atlantic fleet off the
coast of New England and on Long Isl
and Sound during the month of August
has been prepared by the Navy Depart
ment. From August 3 to 10 the search
problem will be developed between East
port and Cape Ann. This will Include an
effort on the part of a presumably hostile
squadron to enter an anchorage ground
in the face of the defending fleet.
Following this there will be a cessation
of two ' days, during which the combined
fleet will proceed,; to Long Island Sound
and anchor abreast of Oyster Bay on the
night of Saturday. August 15. They will
remain during Sunday, and on Monday
tlw»y will be reviewed by President Roose
velt. From about August 22 to 29 there
will be joint demonstrations by the com
bined fleet against the batterie3 at Port
land. Me. These will continue day and
night,, and all the arts of mimic warfare
will be resorted to -by the men-of-war to
gain safe entrance into the harbor. Um
pires will decide on the merits of the con
test. ' ;
LONDON, July 28.— According to tele
grams received here from Cork a special
police force has been appointed there to
¦watch night and day in order to prevent
the destruction of decorations by those
who are opposed to the visit of King Ed
ward and Queen Alexandra to Cork. The
decorations along the route to be followed
by the royal procession, which were al
ready far advanced, were found in several
Instances to have been pulled down and
otherwise damaged.
LONDONDERRY. Ireland. July S.-
King Edward and Queen Alexandra were
accorded a great reception on their ar
rival here to-day. Large crowds from
the su^roundlns districts assembled to
greet the first English sovereign who had
ever visited Londonderry. Their Majrs-
Jies were met at. the railroad station by
the Mayor and Corporation. The usual
number of addresses were presented r«>
pTyTns to which th« King expressed his
pleasure at the references to the spirit of
good feeling and harmony pervadng a
classes in Ireland, adding £at *f Ws jls t
helped to extend and consolidate this fee
ing he would be richly "warded
Their Majesties subsequently tooL
luncheon at the Guildhall and attended a
variety of functions. Among the pleasan*.
incidents waa the presentation of a special
address to the Queen from the women of
Londonderry. The King, replying in be
half of the Queens expressed the opinion
that the "hicher education of women 13
one of the happiest features of our time.
After the King had laid tn» foundation
of Brooke Park their Majesties left Lon
donderry for Buncrana. where they em
barked on the royal yacht Victoria and
Albert for a cruise along the coast.
Mr. Cannon's "grave doubts" whether there is any
present necessity for financial legislation are not
shared by those who are most familiar with the situa
tion. The demand for an clastic currency comes not
from the brokers and speculators of Wall street, but'
from the business men and bankers of the whole
country. The Call has repeatedly directed attention
to statements of leading bankers in the various agri
cultural States pointing out the danger of the pres
ent strain upon the banks in handling the crops.- R&
cently another important declaration has been made
on the subject which is worth noting. Mr. Charles M.
Harger of Kansas in describing the conditions in that
State says that the State Employment Bureau esti
mates that 20,000 extra men are employed during the
harvest season in Kansas, and that their wages alone
amount to upward of $200,000 a week. Mr. Harger
calculates that the States of the Mississippi Valley
require something like $50,000,000 to handle their har
vests, and as Western money has been sent. East for
deposit during the winter and the spring, the har T
vest money will have to be obtained by withdrawing
the loans, thus putting a heavy drain upon the East
ern money centers.
It is not the harvest wages, however, that consti
tute the heaviest strain upon the currency. A Kan
sas Danker is quoted as saying that during the wheat
selling season his bank handles. $50,000 a day, one
fifth of it going over the counter in cash. That sort
of thing of course is going on all over the country
during the selling season, and as a consequence a
much larger sum of money is needed then than at
other times. The country is growing, the harvests
are increasing, the demand for money during the
summer and fall to handle and market the crops is
augmenting. Under such circumstances an elastic
currency has become, a genuine necessity of the
time.
It is gratifying to learn that Mr. Cannon has no
intention of making an obstinate fight against the
desired legislation. It would be a serious evil if the
Senate and the House should get into conflict over
the issue. Differences of opinion exist as to the best
means of providing elasticity, and those in themselves
are sufficiently formidable to make it doubtful
whether agreement cao be reached during the extra
session. It would then have been almost equivalent
to a foregone defeat had another opposing force
been thrown into the conflict. As the matter now
stands there is reasonable hope of the desired legis
lation during the extra session, and almost a cer
tainty that if denied at that time it will be enacted
during the regular session before the winter is over.
FROM New York comes a 'suggestion that a
national convention be called to consider the
currency problems of the country and to rec
ommend definite legislation- on the subject to Con
gress when it assembles in extra session. Such a con
vention of course would do no harm and might do
some good, provided it were thoroughly representa
tive of the business interests of the whole country.
There is, however, a danger that if it were held in
New York City it might become associated in the
public mind with Wall street, and in that way rouse
prejudice against any 'measure it might indorse.
As a matter of fact no convention is needed. At a
time when the issue was new and its problems were
not understood by the people a national conference
on the subject was held and a campaign of education
started. That campaign has now been carried on ex
tensively, and til persons who are at all interested in
currency and banking questions have virtually made
up their mind,s as to the importance of immediate
legislation. A national convention at this day, there
fore, would come almost too late to be of any value
so far as the country itself is concerned, though if if
were thoroughly representative it might have a bene
ficial influence in hastening the action of Congress.
Reports from various parts of the country tend to
encourage the hope of those who look for effective
legislation this winter. Mr. Cannon, who was quoted
not long ago as being positively opposed to any
change in our currency laws, has since that time mod
ified his original statements and now declares himself
willing to promote the passage of any good bill .on
the subject, provided the necessity for it can be
shown. . .
The new attitude of Mr. Cannon was made known
after his recent conference with the President.
While denying that any official or formal conference
on the currency problem had taken place, and refus
ing to give out an interview, he made statements
which authorized the New York papers to say: "As
a result of Mr. Cannon's ilisit to-day it can be said
that the report that he is opposed to any agitation
of the financial question at present and will use his
influence as Speaker of the House, when elected, to
block measures tending in that direction, is not ac
curate. Mr. Cannon has a very strong opinion as to
the advisability of changing the currency laws at
present, and does not approve of some proposed
financial legislation. Personally he has grave doubts
whether there is any present necessity for financial
legislation, but it is possible, he thinks, that condi
tions may be such before the extra session con
venes as to make the passage of financial measures
necessary. If at that time there are such conditions,
and if there is a sound public sentiment in favor of
the legislation, he will not stand in the way of the
administration's desire for a change in the currency
laws."
ROOSEVELT
IS TO REVIEW
THE WARSHIPS
GRANTS CHANGE
OF VENUE IN
BOODLE CASE
IRISH POLICE
ARE GUARDING
DECORATIONS
was made to segregate the figures of urban from
those of rural lines, but it .was found impossible to
do so with any accuracy because in the' more thickly
settled States towns and villages are so close to
gether that a distinction between urban and .rural
with respect to railways could not be always ob
served.
The figures show that in 1890 there were 1261 miles
of elcctjric track, while in 1902 there were 21,920.
During the same .period the track on which animal
power was used diminished from 5661 miles to 259
miles. Cable tracks diminished from 488 to 240
miles, and steam track from 711 to 169. Thus the
percentage - of increase for electric roads was 1637
per cent, while the decrease in other lines was 86 per
cent for animal power, 50 per cent for. cable power
and 76 per cent for steam.
The progress of "combination"- is revealed* in the
figures showing the average mileage operated per
company. In 1890 the average was 7.41 miles, while
in 1002 it was 20.38 miles; thus the average operating
company in 1902 controlled almost three times the
length of line controlled by the average company,
in 1890. In the former year there were only eight
companies operating more than fifty miles of line,
while in 1002 there were sixty-nine such companies.
It is added: "While there are still a' large number of
companies that operate less than twenty miles of
track, the portion of the total length of line operated
by them is not half so great as in 1800."
Efforts to obtain accurate statistics relating to^
cost of construction, capitalization, etc., were unsuc
cessful. The .-bulletin says: "A large number of
companies reported th?t it was impossible to give
an itemized statement. * * ? It appears that a
number of companies reported the cost of construc
tion as equalized with the amount of capital stock,
funded debt, bills and accounts payable, etc. In such
cases the comparison of the cost of construction
with the capitalization loses all significance. Many
large consolidated companies also reported as their
cost of construction and equipment the amount paid
by them in cash and securities for the roads pur
chased, an amount based on earning capacity rather
than on the cost of construction." While figures of
that kind are of comparatively little value, the bul
letin notes that the total reported cost of construc
tion increased during the period under review 456
per cent, as compared with an increase of 382 per
cent in the combined par value of capital stock and
funded debt.
CURRENCY CONVENTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903
A Colorado man killed a woman the other day be
cause she refused to marry him. Horrible as was
the unfortunate creature's untimely end, how much
more hideous than death would have been her life
had the submitted to the marital yoke with such a
beast?
It is announced thatlif /Congress, will provide a
stately building as a national art. gallery, J.Pierpont
Morgan will give $6,000,000 worth of art works to put
in it. It would seem that the offer would - appeal to'
Carnegie. He is agrcat man to furnish "money^for
buildings, provided other folk's will : agree to take
care of them'.' ?9£3S9hEM8HHH ¦-"-' - v
Lord Roberts says he intends to pay us a visit dur
ing the St. Louis Exposition. He may be assured
that for a brave and gallant man, merciful to the van
quished but absolutely uncompromising in hostility
to his foes, there will always be a warm place in the
affections of the American people.
tAn Italian society of murderous counterfeiters oper
ating in New York and calling itself the "Society of
Bad Blood" has been raising a fuss to the evident dis
tress of the peace officers. The letting of blood, par
ticularly bad blood, has frequently been, found an ex
cellent remedy. It might be practiced to advantage
upon this gang.
If Venezuela has really determined to be at peace
2nd upon terms of good fellowship with herself, what
in the world will we do for South American
news? Castro may as well resign the Presidency and
retire to a life of sloth and luxury in Paris as give
up fighting. He has retreated from his only sphere
of usefulness.
The smart set of St. Louis recently gave what it
was pleased to call a : "kid party," in which the par
ticipants entertained themselves by a return>to the
habiliments and manners , of early childhood. The
affair did not create much comment, as' it was gener
ally understood that -those who took part in the
festive affair were in their second childhood.
6
1 1 The Outing Girl's 1 1 1
11 New Picture Fad [j
You'll Never Guess What It Is Until You See the Full Pago of Dar- I
ingly "Strenuous" Photographs From Mountain t
and Seashore in the |
NEXT SUNDAY CALL 8
Also Two of the Best Short Stories of the Season, Which, of Course, B
. Are Exclusive of the Clever Half-Hour Storiette Page. H
THE PRICKLY PIQ= RED MOUNTAIN NUPTIALS |
ALSO f |
TABLES FOR THE FOOLISH. NO. I—THE SORROWS OF A SOUL. fl
A^SO 3
WHY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD. I NEW INDftN CRUELTIES. 3
By Charles Taylor Jr. J By Gen. A. A. Burt, V. S. A. p
Fourth and Most Exciting Installment Yet of |
THE SPENDERS== 1
By Harry Leon Wilson. fl
Wherein TJncle Peter Bines Brings Billy Brue to New York to Show 1
Him Fashionable Life in the Nickel Plush Hotel in the **
Most Unique Way Imaginable. j|
ALSO — - 3PARIS. July 28— The impressive funeral
services in Notre Dame, Cathedral to-day
for the repose of the soul of Pope Leo
assumed a distinctly official* Aspect, owing
to the presence of the > leading officials of
the Government, ; including Foreign Mini
ster Delcasse,' War Minister Andre and
representatives of President Loubet.
The absence of Premier Combes occa
sioned \comment. for, as president of the
council, be holds the portfolio of Minister
of \ Public Worship, who controls the
church administration.
The threatened V disorderly demonstra
tions did not occur. A large 'force- of
militia ; and * police reserves . were ; held in
readiness * to \i\ suppress any disturbance".
One ¦ man .was < arrested for .. shouting
"Down with the priests," and others were
taken Into custody in' connection with in
cipient: efforts to start demonstrations/,
As one of the men , arrested : passed , the
Funeral Services in Notre Dame
Cathedral in PaTis.,
PRESIDENT ' LOUBET ABSENT;
The pontifical mass of requiem was at
tended by a vast audience, including
many prominent residents, j The sermon
was preached by Bishop Donahue of
Wheeling. Archbishop Falconio was cel
ebrant of the mass. The musical pro
gramme was one of the most classic that
has ever been rendered in this country at
a requiem service. .The, funeral decora
tions - of the cathedral were , solemn, the
sanctuary being a mass of solid black
drapery.
Services were held in all of the other
Catholic churches in this city to-day.
BALTIMORE, Md., July 28.— Impressive
memorial services for the late Pope Leo
XIII were held in the cathedral to-day.
The cathedral being the primatlal church
of the country, the services had been ar
ranged on a scale which would fitly.ex
press the sorrow of the hierarchy of the
United States* over the passing of the Pon
tiff. Among the prelates .who .officiated
were the papal delegate,. Archbishop Fal
conio, and Bishops Donahue of Wheeling,
Monaghan of Wilmington, Van de Vyver
of Richmond and Curtis, vicar general
of the diocese of Baltimore.
SERVICES IN MEMORIAM.
Archbishop Falconio Celebrates Mass
i'M: in Baltimore.
HISTORY OF SOCIETY
OF THE CINCINNATI
Organized in Georgia at the Close of
the War of the Revo
lution. \
The Society of the Cincinnati was or
ganized in the State of Georgia in Sep
tember, 1783. On May 13, 17S3, officers of
the continental army met at the Verplank
house, near Fisbklll, on the Hudson river,
to organize a military order to commemo
rate the securing of peace and independ
ence to the United States anu to form a
tie of friendship among the brother offi
cers; the right of membership to "descend
to the oldest son, says the Sunny South.
The following constitution was then
adopted and never chanced:
"It having pleased the Supreme Gov
ernor of the Universe In the disposition
of human affairs, to cause the separation
of th« colonies of North America from
the domination of Great Britain, and
after a bloody conflict of eight years to
establish them free, independent and sov
ereign states, connected by alliances,
founded on reciprocal advantages, with
some of the greatest princes and powers
of the earth—
"To perpetuate, therefore, as well the
remembrance of this vast event as the
mutual friendships which have been
formed under the pressure of common
danger, and, in many Instances, cement
ed bv the blood of the parties.' the offi
cers of the American army do hereby,
in the most solemn manner, associate,
constitute and combine themselves into
one society of friends, to endure as long
as they endure or any of their eldest male
posterity, and in failure thereof, the col
lateral branches who may be judged
worthy of becoming Its supporters and
members.
"The . oflicers of the American army,
having generally been taken from, the
citizens of America, possess high venera
tion for the character of that illustrious
Roman, Lucius Quintus Cincinnati^, and
being resolved to follow his example by
returning to their citizenship, they think
they may, with propriety, denominate
themselves the Society of the Cincinnati."
There were thirteen State societies con
stituted in the United States and one in
France. In 17S4 the French naval officers
sent General George Washington the In
signia or eagle of the order set in dia
monds. This has been worn by each of
the presidents-general.
In 1S54 the society decided to admit as
members the proper descendant of a con
tinental officer who had a right to become
an original member but who did ncr^
on the payment of a certain sum to b©
fixed by each State society. Thus In
MassacKusetts - the amount required 13
$700, while in Rhode Island. New York,
New Jersey and Pennsylvania $50 is
charged.
A German chemist removes the poison
ous nicotine from tobacco by steeping the
leaves before they are made up in a
solution of tannlc acid, which combines
with the nicotine and forms a substance
quite Inactive and harmless. In order
to increase the flavor of the tobaccq.it
is then treated with a decoction of mar
joram. The flavor of*the tobacco pre
pared as above described differs in no
way from that of ordinary tobacco.
At the four corners of the catafalque
burned candles ten feet high. Beside
these stood Noble Guards, motionless,
with drawn swords. Other Noble Guards
were placed at the entranoe. Immediately
beyond, in reserved places, were all the
diplomats. The intermingled uniforms of
France, Russia. Prussia, Austria, Spain,
Portugal, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Guate-
It will cover an area of 1240 acres, or
nearly two square miles, containing more
than 200 acres under roof, composed of
some seventy-five buildings varying in
size from one to eighteen acres. * There
will be more than two miles of water
ways, with beautiful - landscape ' and gar
den effects. A railway will skirt the
grounds within its limits and there will
be countless jinriklshas, automobiles,
chairs and other ' movable conveyances
for the comfort of » world's fair patrons.
When the gates of the .world's fair are
thrown open next May over $35,000,000 will
have been expended.
The different State buildings will oc
cupy a section of the grounds by them
selves, located admirably on broad ave
nues, but California's State building will
be apart from that locality. It is splen
didly situated on a commanding knoll of
ground and, adjacent to the special pavil
ions of the foreign countries up near the
Administration building. AH- eyes are
turned to the display California will make
and it is confidently expected that the in
defatigable efforts of Messrs. Filcher and
Wiggins, California's commissioners, | will
lead to results that 1 will ' surpass * those at
Chicago in 1S33. ,___,,__...- —
. In the Sistine Chapel stood a huge white
catafalque, ten feet high, and on it, updn
two cushions, rested the triple crown of
gold, shining brightly in the light of a
hundred candles. The catafalque com
pletely hid the altar. Flanking the cata
falque, on benches, eat all of the Cardin
als of the Sacred College, who wore scar
let caps. At their feet, on stools, were
the conclavists, or secretaries, in violet.
In the narrow aisle behind, between the
benches and the walls, the Archbishops,
patriarchs, monsignors and monks knelt
or stood in picturesque confusion.
ROME, July 28.— The first of the three
great requiem masses under the auspices
of the Sacred College for the repose of
the soul of Pope Leo was celebrated this
morning in the Sistine Chapel. All of
the Cardinals now in Rome, the diplo
matic corps, the Roman nobility and
many other distinguished persons were
present. No such mass had been said in
Rome since the death of Pius IX.
Remarkably Impressive Ceremony in
the Sistine Chapel.
SOLEMN REQUIEM MASS.
LOS ANGELES. July 28.— Mass for the
repose of the soul of Pope Leo XIII was
said in St. Vlbiana's Cathedral to-day.
Bishop Thomas Conaty was the celebrant.
The cathedral was crowded. Bishop Con
aty delivered a sermon upon the life and
character of the late Pope.
Bishop Conaty Celebrates Mass.
church doors he shouted "Death to the
P6pe." A crowd of counter-manifestants
followed the police, but the would-be dis
turber was safely lodged In Jail.
The exit of General Andre and his staff
brought out hisses and resulted in the ar
rest of the most prominent of those who
expressed their disapproval of the Minis
ter. - ,\>
The' Abbe Perosi, Italy's famous ora
torio composer, waved his baton and the
slknco was broken" by the notes of the
Dies Irae. Those who know the Vatican
well say the matchless Sistine choir never
sang as it did to-day: Through the his
toric chapel the voices of boys and men
rose and fell and swelled triumphantly,
as If with songs of paradise, the voice
dying almost to a whisper at thejmentlon
of death. The Cardinals sat spellbound at
this perfection of Gregorian chant. Not
a note of instrumental music was heard
throughout, the mass.
At the altar Cardinal Seraflno Vannu
telli was assisted by Cardinals Agllardi,
Vincenzo Vannutelli, Satolli and Rich
ards, wearing white miters and glisten
ing vestments. Cardinal Satolli, always
erect' and swarthy, looked doubly so be
side the feeble \ frame and snow-white
head of the aged Cardinal Richards,
Archbishop of Paris.
As the fifty Cardinals and fifty con
clavists gathered around the catafalque
and alternately knelt and arose their
movements resembled an amazing kaleid
oscope of crimson and violet, with colors
so bright as to be almost trying to the
eyes.
Then "came the singing of the "Sanc
tus," modulated almost into | a whisper.
All' present knelt as . the choir ceased In
toning its grand chant, and the dead si
lence of the consecration which followed
was suddenly broken by the clash of arms
as the Noble Guards presented swords.
Then there was : another clatter of arms
a& the soldiers' • scabbards clashed on the
marble flooring when tkey dropped on one
knee, lowered their swords and brought
their left hands to j their helmets in' rigid
salute /.,,.••"* / \ -•-./'¦
Clouds of incen3e arose from the censers
until Michael Angelo's famous "Last
Judgment" was almost hidden from view.
Suddenly the sharp tinkling of a bell
rang through the edifice and told the wor
shipers that the, host had been elevated. « •
At the conclusion* of the mass the choir
a gain burst r out into song, and Cardina I
Seraflno Vannutelli, preceded by, the cross
bearer, passed • solemnly around the . cata
falque ; after \ j sprinkling it with .;, holy
water. - The other - Cardinals . followed ¦ in
turn,' and' the' ceremony was concluded
with the chanting .of the "Oremus." It
was after j midday; when Cardinal Vannu
telli pronounced the final absolution. -;C»
- Cardinal Gibbons 'had no part in the cel-
I ebratlen of the mass. He sat beside Car-
mala and Bavaria formed a vivid contrast
with the simple evening dress of the.Ro
man Princes and crape veils and black
dresses of the Princesses who sat directly
across the aisle.
• In addition, *two salleries had been
erected. In the gallery on the left were
about a hundred ladles, all in deep black.
In the right gallery were the special mis
sions, among them being Sir Thomas Es
mondeand Captain Donelan, represent
ing the Irish Parliament. *
Beneath the galleries the priests and
laymen who had been fortunate enough
to obtain tickets, but who were not d!s*
tinguished enough for special places/were
packed in dim seclusion. Swiss and Noble
Guards, chamberlains and other Vatican
officials lined the aisles. Michael Angelo's
frescoes on ceiling and walls seemed
merely faint reflections of the brilliant
maze of color that stretched below from
door to pltar. '
During the ceremony one of the Noble
Guards on duty beside the catafalque was
overcome by the heat and had to be led
out. Another guardsman instantly took
hi.«» place.
The clear, strong voice with which Car
dinal Vannutelli chanted the mass created
no little admiration.
dlnai Martlnelli among the extraordinary
array of Cardinals, among whom Cardinal
Gotti, who instead of a scarlet cape wore
the white mangle of the Carmelite order,*
was one of the most prominent.
Cardinal Oreglia, dean of the Sacred
College, sat at the head of the left row
of Cardinals, near the altar steps. It was
noticed that he walked with an erectness
which, belied his years.
Cardinal Rampolla, one of the hand
somest of these princes of the church,
walked with a set face and with his head
held down.
CALIFORNIA'S BUILDING.
The plan of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position is the most ambitious yet devised
in the history of exhibitions by reason of
the fact that its distinguishing charac
teristic Is to show not only the finished
products, but also ; the process of - their
manufacture; in other, words, to depict
life and action In their essential features.
The scope of the exposition- li immense.
Thte railway companies will convey dis
plays to St. Louis on a basis of full freight
rates going and no charge for '. return.
The fire equipment is admirable on the
exposition grounds and extraordinary pre
cautions have been adopted to guard
¦against fire. The work on the buildings
Is progressing at a rapid rate and what
has already been accomplished Is now the
marvel of the architectural .world;
The f purteen terminal companies run
ning into St. Louis are spending an ag
gregate of $7,000,000 for depot and switch
ing facilities, etc., to handle the big
crowds. The street rajlway companies
which will carry the bulk of the traffic
to and from the interior of the city are
also doubling their- facilities, and when
it Is remembered that St. Louis Is one of
the best and most completely equipped
cities in the world for street transporta
tion, a reasonable idea can be obtained of
what this means. The two' problems that
seriously concerned the exposition man
agement at first were thoee of accommo
dations and street - transportation, as the
fair grounds are some miles from
the heart of the city proper, but by
bending every energy to overcome the ob
stacles confronting them abundant ad
vantages will be offered the public.
There will be no "Midway," so. called,
but instead there will be the "Pike," upon
which all the concessions will be located.
These will be of a high order and will not
embody anything objectionable. The man
agement has been especially conservative
in this respect. The exposition wilh be,
closed e\-ery Sunday of the seven months
of its existence," from May 1 to December
1 This was provided by the act of Con
gress creating it. - /
The main exhibit buildings will be closed
at 6 o'clock every night, as it has been
learned by experience at. past exhibitrons
that people do not come at , night for
other than the amusements offered in the
concessions. . '. • —
TRANSPORTATION - TO FAIR.
The reason for the postponement from
1903 to 1904 was due entirely to the wishes
of foreign countries, which declared that
if given more time they would be enabled
to make a far more creditable and desir
able showing.
Another point of Interest is the matter
of accommodations. There will be plenty
of room for the immense crowds that are
expected. There are at present In course
of construction a number of large, perma
nent hotels and apartment houses, in ad
dition to which numerous temporary
structures will be erected to meet the ne
cessities of the occasion. Besides 4hls,
there are countless private dwellings that
will afford excellent accommodations.
There need be no concern on the subject
of rooms and living at St. Louis during
the exposition period.
The question of transportation is an
important one and in this connection a
good idea may be gained of the steps be
ing taken by the railway companies to
provide for the enormous travel expected.
secretary of the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition, who Is now In San Francisco
on a private visit, states that the exposi
tion will positively be opened on May 1,
l?04, and that there will be absolutely no
delay or further postponement.
Harde* accompanied the world's fair
commissioner general, John Barrett, on
a circle of the globe In the interests of
the exposition. During the journey they
visited over two score cities and covered
over 40,000 miles of territory.
They succeeded In Inducing the nations
of the Orient to appropriate over $2,000,000
for their participation in the world's fair.
Mr. Barrett has recently been appointed
United States Minister to Argentine'Re
public, and at the request of the exposi
tion authorities Mr. Hardee has under
taken to complete the work Mr. Barrett
was obliged to leave unfinished.
IN order to dispel any misapprehen
sion as to the time when the* St.
IxjuIs world's fair will bo opened
Theodore Hardee, assistant to the
OFFICIAL OF THE LOUISIANA PURCHASE EXPOSITION WHO SATS
THE GREAT FAIR WILL. OPEN ON TIME AND THAT THERE WILL
BE ACCOMMODATIONS FOR ALL.
That there is a conviction at the Vatican
that the conclave will be of short dura
tion is proved by the fact that all those
who are to enter the conclave to minister
to the wants of the Cardinals have been
engaged for just three days.
It is officially announced that in addi
tion to the will of the late Pope, and
separate from it, Leo XIII left a trifling
present to each of a long list of relatives,
members of the papal household, prelates,
directors. Cardinals, etc. As many for
malities have to be observed it probably
will be some time before the gifts are de
livered.
As the fisherman's ring, which could not
be found after the death of the Pope,
may be discovered in some drawer which
is sealed up and cannot be opened until
after the election of the new Pope, the
camerllngo, Cardinal Oreglia, has ordered
a new one for use in the symbolic cere
mony which will occur after, the suc
cessor to Pope Leo XIII is chosen.
Cardinal Oreglia called him to the desk
and gently chided him for not greeting
the president on his arrival. Cardinal
Richelmy apologized and the two Car
dinals cordially embraced.
One of the Cardinals said that he had
first learned the terms of Pope Leo's will
from the newspapers, and he protested
against this. Cardinal Oreglia replied
that it was the fault of the executors,
one of whom later explained that It was
considered a private matter. The object
ing Cardinal responded that as the Sacred
College had inherited the whole property
it would have been more fitting if the
heirs had been informed before the news
papers.
To-day's congregation was marked by
two Incidents. Cardinal Rtchelmy," Arch
bishop of Turin, attended for the first
time. When he entered he went directly
to Cardinal Rampolla, conversed with
him for some moments and then took his
seat.
ROME, July 28.— It Implies no disrespect
to say that a papal caucuses developing
on much the same lines as caucuses held
on the eve of an -American nomination
and nominating convention. It is now an
open secret that the supporters of Car
dinals R&mpolla and Gottl will vote for
their respective candidates on the first
ballot, after which the one who leads in
the vote will receive the unanimous sup
port of both parties.
The College, as a whole, is fast divid
ing for and against Cardinal Rampolla.
There are, however,' three classes — Car
dinal Rampolla's direct supporters, those
who will vote for him; those who will
vote with him, but not for him, and those
who will vote against him and his policy.
His supporters argue that if the policy
of the late administration was Pope Leo's,
then Cardinal Rampolla is the best man
to continue it. If it was dictated by Car
dinal Rampolla, then there is greater rea
son that he should continue it. His op
ponents urge that the outgoing adminis
tration sought to ingratiate the Papacy
with governments, 'not with peoples.
Hence, when the French government
showed its teeth the church did not have
the French people back of it.
The Cardinals who argue thus, includ
ing the supporters of Cardinal Vannu
telli, agree with Cardinal Gibbons that
the church will be strongest when it is
absolutely independent of all political
powers.
Those who oppose Cardinal Rampolla
are divided in supporting Cardinals Van
nutclll, Oreglia an«W Agliardl. Should the
contest become strenuous, it is probable
that some neutral candidate like Sarto,
Satolli, Cvampa, or Ferrari will finally be
selected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former Secretary of State and Car
dinal Gottl Will Combine
Their Strength la
Conclave.
Question of Policy Will De
cide the Election of
a Pope.
College of Cardinals Is
Dividing for and
Against Him.
Official Announces Positively That the Gigantic
Exposition Will Be Ready May I, I 904, and
Hotel Accomodations Will Meet Every Demand
RAMPOLLA
IS CENTER
OF RIVALRY
GIVES INFORMATION ANENT
ST. LOUIS' WONDERFUL FAIR
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903.
7
S^ H 9 WbM §& And many other painful and serious
WwL 1 1 PHI S B ailnients from which most mothers
Wm S^^ i B@^M su^ er > can avo i^ e(^ e use °^
fa /®w E3B " Moffi81 ' 8 Frte3i '" This great remedy
i^P KT $k * s a G°^' sen^ to women, carrying
No woman who uses ''MotHer'S Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
its weight in gold to every ¦ ™ ¦ **& m mm tm m @ \i**s
woman, and will be sent free in plain §p g p BJ|
envelope by addressing application to |b g |a 1 J 1 1 u
Bradficld Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. 1 mm I la B1 Bl
THE EMPOBITTM. , J - THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM.
Big Safe of y^oi^Msy^rC^Mgg^^r Persian Rugs \ :5
Point Venise Gaioons On Sale This Week %
n i mm i muni i inn i n ._ - \-T— •*
Thursday and Friday One-Third Off |
;| AbOUt Half Price « Special Sale Goods 'ordered by mpil Qur Regular PHceS J
• -¦-..".-¦. or telephone wilt not be sent'C. O. D. . ¦ .
U^^mmm^ Bought t,QOO |
aMMBMIrW MwESwWSb That's the reason we oan sell these %
$1.5O and $2.OO Shirts 79c Cff£&Oli£$ 89® *
Good dressers attention ! Now is your opportunity jjk- Two styles— Ormolu gold-fm- S
to save about one-hall to two-thirds on fancy / J^m^. JlL ished clocks » 4/^ and 5 inches [t
colored shirts. Bought about 3000 from a maker of f^^^iilk J 1^ re spectively, with 2-inch ;,
the highest gpuies-balance of season's stock and over- W^M^ S^ecfSfth Reav^bSd Jft 1
plus production. We cannot use the maker s name in *mgJ$P Every clock guaranteed for one •;
advertising— that's what got us the price. No better JPli |P§**l! year— must rrfake quick sale to £
shirts made. • Coat shirts, open back and open front . - T . • dolour part. Very few jobbers jj
shirts, shirts with attached and detached mmr 01h in the United States ever bought such a large quantity *
cuffs; air high-grade materials, high- at one time of two styles of clocks, g* g% j
grade work; our^rice all this week | g . .. #& & \ %^J^ jfS/G j
Beautifui, Stytish Ribbons About Halt Price \
The great success of our special Ribbon sales is due to the fact that |
our offerings are all the standard qualities and desirable colorings. The big \
special purchase of ribbons offered at special sale for to-day and Thursday is no exception to this : 5
rule: It consists of 5000 'yards of Fancy Ribbons, just the kinds that are so much used at the :?
present time for neck and hair bows, belts and hat trimmings. The widths range from 3J£ to 4 ! /4 inches: \
the color assortment includes white, pinks, cerises, light and dark blues, cardinal, maise, niles, M^ *
turquoise, heliotrope, and an excellent assortment of daintv dresden effects. The actual values /£z_ <*#*_ £^* : <
are 35c and 40c the yard; the sale price Wednesday and Thursday a little more that half — yard 3
T WB^S^n^ Furniture Values \ Novelty Fall Cloths \
WVeS '" O * fir These Costumers— Golden oak, weathered oak or -. *MW-*g~f~ Sfimmrr**?*^ 2
Canvas Silk— Latest Pars and New York novelty, a finely imitation mahogany; a very useful and attractive rar VW€MM9€&j MwMMMM9JMag3l& j»
woven fabric in a coar.t basket pattern, absolutely pure silk, • C( . of furniture goId e very whe re Opened >e,t«d«y, direct to us from the miH, novelty Fall Kimona £
2, nches wit, m cream, l.ght blue, pearl, f - « ' > t anl Wai«bg Clotln in fancy weave., rieeced back, a Tery 1
gray, cardina! and navy, per yard &J.4?5 / 7 a'U ? pretty and attractive fabric 1> cream, p:nk, Wfffjl %
Yard Wide Tiilor Lining Satin- Extra heavy quality, one of f , "eanesaay anainurs- Gf%g% white, un, blue, etc.; marked per yard. ... M%2$* *
the matt serviceable lining, manufactured, will wear at J d *Y oal Y ...... W1#*T WaUtinj-In aU the plain ,olid col- 3
well as the usual $1.50 lmrngsatm, colors uns, Three-Piece Bedroom Suite- WeU designed, ors, including evemng shades, 6nc, cord stripe, >WP-_ 5
gray*, steel, brawn, black, yard ....... 9 PC | weI1 adc and weU nnJ .hed; bed is nearly sii a 75c value; per yard. ........ \1 WO J
1> ™ I>^^^"^ II ™ III^ B^""" 1 ™ 11^™™™ 1 "™"^^ ; feet high; dresser is generous in size with jf
Gt*SM RUS&iSMn LiWit*n. \ gocd be vel edge plate glass mirror; wash'.tand "™™™^™"^^"™'™~ l ™™™ l ™ ll """^""~ %
Table Cove"s"Ete" Z^^$25.00 Groceries and Liquors §
Thee are the newest ef the new, and decidedly pretty, with 1 Metal Bed— The heavy subitantial top rails of Strictly pure foods and drinkables at the g
, their large floral designs, and a rthtic bordering, to be em- ! the head and foot boards are brass and grace- lowest pricesSUCh qualities Can be Sold for. -*
broidered wih silk, either square or round, m #*#» i fuUy curved. It is a gocd, substantial bed, „ . ,. „ T «, . ... __ '2
36 inches acro« $1.O8 ple.«ng to look en, eith-r fuU _ ' Best Coffet-Jav. or Mocha, to-day lb. 29c -J
OtHer sizes Table Covers 75 c to $, 5 o A . ~ Quarter *e, for ... S3. 75 J^VSfi^Sa^^ I
Sftnch Scarfs, 5 6cto$i.3 5 uJ*?^ Solld Olk Chlffonier-The best ever offered ._..... 3Q O *
Some new stamped Battenberg Pattirns, in designs for capes, on the coast for the money that we ask. See Babbitt's Best Soap— To-day 11 bars. SOo *
stoles, squares, center pieces, all-overs, etc. . So to BOO ' Q th " wcn - ma<le . Toom J Chiff- _ _ Mush— Pettijohn's Gem, Wheatine or Victory, to-day 7 pack- £
Irish Point Brads for Bittenberg work, a new stock in new onier before buying, for . . . %f>0 m£HJ ages. ..• SOO "i
degS e ng -: --¦¦ •-::¦ - - A Good Mattrw-Clean, wholesome, cotton and __ Jf "}?«}*?" "•«»»-^7 3^. . . . . . . . . 2Bc $
mm ¦ ... --... . . ¦¦,;¦ -T « ce hior tiUed; 5 -inch boxing; gcod tick; only. $G.OO "^ Coffecs-Pcttnn Cereal, Carmel, Fig Prune or Gnst *
%*uaw* mm vsmb « %0BM%m^t vw&tMK Bed Spring— Let us again call your attention to our hardwood, Mrs. Stetson'* Homemade Jam—To-day 2 jarj. . . .25o *
Slilii HOSierV 2&G ¦ "??**&' «tee)coil supported sprng, the very b:it Jell-O— The delicious dessert jellyf 3 packages .... 25C '*
«..,,• , , r v j r> tr spring made, a sprbg that will give complete _ Archer's Starch -Corn or g!oss, 3 packages 2SO «
Children's extra heavy four-thread Cotton Hose, satisfaction, for. .... ... . .... . . $3*5Q Extra Prunes— Santa Clara, 5 lbs. . . 2So jr
lil and 2X1 ribbed; the best Stocking manu- forest Green Den Furniture-See these new patterns and idea,^ Uri™to-Ourfoice 7 S c gMo* y^ to«lny . 58 O 5
factured for rough and ready wear, and the best before furnishing your dens. It is the latest conceit in den fur- 0Id Crow Whiskey- Instead of S4.00 the gaDon to-day j«
that is made to sell at this price; sizes 6 to 1O; niturs and harmonues beautifu'ly with dark reds and oriental n " ," ' u '.' '. ' ' LZ't,' ' ''.' ' ,' ' \S3m2B jt
r ' J- — ' '¦ ¦ Jracer,-, Parry s Medicinal Malt Whiskey— To-day only botte . 7So *
perpa ir . . . ......... . 25o F Roc kcrs and Chairs $8 75 Cutter's Al Whhkey-T(Miay only bottle 76c \
Children's Jersey Ribbed Underwear — Fleeced Lardc Reading Table S24 OO White Swan Gin-Regularly «ia 5 , to-day, bottle. . .flOc *
iined cotton veL, pants and boys' drawer,; in L JZ^J^Z T^StffuOO T3ttiiS&^ \ S fM i
natural color only; sizss 20 to 34 inches; per Unique Magazine Rack 610.00 * . V. H Gin-The g«uine imported, bottle ... $1.5O %
g armcDt • • 25C Charming Little Tabourcttcs $4.00 Hires' Carbonated Root B«er-Per dozen . . . . . $t.1O ,%
« . . « y , , . . . —^ — — ~! /.- . — ; ~ — — ~"~ — ~*
fB. KATSCHINSKI
fj Philadelphia. Shoe Co. §
I [0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. I
1 Adjoining call Building. li
! WIVES! WIVES! WIVES! S
I TELL YOUR HUSBANDS jf
: HERE IS A CHANCE FOR THE £
: MEN to secure bargains. We are p
?! making- a general clearing up, and w
PJ have bunched together all our shor* K
Ei lines in men's calf congress, tan h
H kid lace and congress, patent leath- M
M er congress and patent leather m
4 dancinp; pumps; narrow and broad B
A toes; turned, wilted and McKay K
1 sfwed soles. Shoes worth from B
1 f2.50 to $5.00 Will be SACRIFICED g
I AT f)5<* A PAIR; sizes 5>4 to 11. H
3 widths A to E. Remember, we M
I have not all sizes in every style, p
1 but every -5ze in some style. |3
j Hen's Shoes Only 95c. 1
%M l4w£rlnBp« v w B k m R mm
p [ I mtiTT U mm IWrt m n 9 a m ¦ ¥••*
I I I tKP5^EW1529I V: *B Com ¦ I 91
| A BAROJftN SECURED BY I
1 OUR EASTERN BUYER. 1
O A grand opportunity to buy dress R
[I shoes cheap. We have Just received H
i| from our Eastern buyer a shipment ¦
?3 of ehoes which we will place on H
y the market this week. They' were H
B made to sell for more money, but U
• H we bought them cheap and will sell K
I them cheap. Ladies' patent leather g
R lace shoes, with mat kid tops, per- H
H forated straight vamps, coin toes B
H and tips, medium extension poles. H
3 with fair stitching and military K
U heels. OUR PRICE ONLY 82.1O; B
Ij sizes 2's to 8. widths A to L. Si
H 'IsSrM^jBk m mT^wI sJ I FcH « m 29 3k3 I *
b* */ i-> : '' ""' '] iiPiflt^S llr!A. resSt! fij
U We don't guarantee to fill coun- a
i try orders on sale shoes. pi
IB. KATSCHINSKI I
$ Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
I 10 TZEXB9 ST., Baa rraneiseo. |
Weekly Call, $1 pep YearA living Ann-Chair.
At a recent trial of a liquor case in a
nearby town the witness on' the stand
was under examination as to what he had
seen in the defendant's place, which he
admitted he had visited often.
"Did you ever see any spirits there, or
anything you regarded as spirits?" asked
the presiding Judge.
"Why, yes, I don't know bnt what I
have." was the reply of the witness.
"Do you know what kind of splrit»r
"Yes."
"How do you know?"
"I kinder spilt it." .
"Well, now," said the Judge, straighten
ing himself up for the convincing answ?«\
"will you kindly tell the court what kind
of BDirits it was."
"Spirits of turpentine, your Honor."-*
N. Y. Times. . <
Not a Satisfactory Witness.
PITTSBURG. July 23.— An accident fol
lowed the formal opening of dam No. 1
in the Allegheny at Herr3 Island to
night, in which four persona were
drowned. They were; Joseph Brown,
aged 19: Henry Brown, 14, brother of
Joseph; Frederick Butler; Edna Ship
ley, 13. -
The three boys were riding below tho
dam in a skiff and seeing three girt
friends on the bank, invited them to join
in the ride. When all had been seated
the skiff was headed for the dam, and
when within a short distance from the
structure the suction from the "bear
trap" drew the boat, in spite of the boys*
frantic .efforts, into the water flowing
over the dam. The accident was wit
nessed by hundreds of persona and res
cuers were quickly at work, but before
the party could be reached four of tho
number were drowned. Edna Edgen and
Annie Mclntyre were rescued in an un
conscious condition, but were revived.
Boat Crowded With Youths and
Maidens Is Carried Over
a Dam.
HTJNDBEDS WITNESS
QUADRUPLE DROWNING
;The constitution of Mexico forbids mo
nopolies.
'Tuberculosis causes • some 12,000 deaths
annually in Paris.
: Berlin's oldest "weiss beer" saloon 'is
being .; torn down. It waa In, the Charlot
tenstrass and had been open 121 years. ,
"American tourists annually, -sjjftid
abroad an average of $75,000,000. and for
eign tourists leave about $20,000,000 hers.
Tornado Causes Loss of Life.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 28.— A tornado
has passed through the district of Tscher
nigof. Three villages were destroyed in a
few minutes. Churches and houses were
lifted bodily and carried a long distance.
The loss of life was great
Torres to Be War Minister.
EL PASO. Tex., July 28.— From the cap
ital of Mexico an authoritative report
comes that General Luis E. Torres, the
fighting Governor, of the State of Sonora,
will be made Secretary of /War 6f Mexico.
He is now In Mexico City. ¦'," '*. V: ,
EVANSVILLE, Ind.. July 28.— Many ne
groes have been passing through the city
on their way to the South, where, they
will seek homes. Many of them - came
from Danville, HI. and points on the Illi
nois Central Railroad. . .The feeling
against the negroes in the southern In
diana towns has grown more Intense since
the trouble in Evansvllle. *
Negroes Turn to the South.
, It is strange that no one seems to know
anything about the. various horees that
George Washington rode, and that " the
names of them all seem to have gone
down , into oblivion. V. Every one knows
about Marengo. the white stallion Napo
leon rode ' at Waterloo, and whose re
mains are now in the United Services
, Museum at London. The Duke , of Wel
lington was astride of Copenhagen during
the battle and the ; horse lived to. be
twenty-seven. Richard 1 III owned. White
Surrey, and It •was for him that he want
ed to trade a kingdom. '.William Ill's
favorite horse was named | Sorrel, and was
blind in one . eye, as was Savoy, the fa
vorite horse of Charles VIII of ! France,—
flnxinaflald aeaubUcsin. , .
Nothing . of Washington's Horses.
CHICAGO, May 28.— A. C. McMasters,
the tennis champion, was defeated ¦ here
to-day in the third round in singles for
the Western championship. McMasters'
opponent was J. J. Forstall, a local player.
Forestall won the match. 6-4, 5-3. W. C.
Burton of Minnesota, R. G. Hunt of Cali
fornia and E. Diehl of Ohio showed such
excellent form In to-day's play that in all
probability first honors in the tournament
will be captured by one of the trio.
McMasters Loses at Chicago.
This Institution will reopen Monday,
August 3. Entrance examinations are now
being held at the office, 218 Grove street,
between 10 and 12 a. m. and 1 and 3 p.'m. *
St. Ignatius College.
Tho Smithsonian Institution has pub
lished a new edition of Dr. Langley's
"Experiments in Aerodynamics," first
printed, eleven years ago. In summing
up Dr. Langley speaks of the prospects
for the future- somewhat as follows:
Since that time, he says, he has dem
onstrated , that mechanical flight is pos
sible by actually performing it -with steel
flying machines nearly 1000 times heavier
than air, , driven by steam These ma
chines weighed from thirty; to forty
pounds, and flew from one-half. to three
quarters of a mile at speeds varying
from twenty to thirty miles an hour. It
is believed by Dr. Langley that the time
is now very near when human beings
will be ; transported at high velocities,
though 'perhaps at first under, exceptional
conditions, such as are demanded in the
arts of war rather than of peace.
Old-Time Flying Machines.
NEW YORK, July 28.— United States
Marshal Henkel to-day received from
Acting Secretary of State Adee the origi
nal warrant of extradition for Whltaker
Wright, the London promoter, who has
b«en confined In Ludlow-street Jail since
April last on charges preferred against
him by the stockholders of the London
and Globe Finance Corporation of Lon
don, who claim his management wrecked
the corporation. Inspector* Willis and
Phillips of the London city police will
arrive on the White Star steamer Oceanic
to-morrow to receive -Wright and In their
custody he will make the trip to London.
Warrant Arrives for Wright.
The first newspaper ever printed and
published by an Indian has made its ap
pearance in Eufaula. I. T. The editor is
Alexander Posey. a Creek, and one of the
most prominent men of the nation. Posey
is called the "Creek bard," but he Is only
half Creek. His father was a Scotch
trader. He was born near Eufaula on
August 23, 1873, and was educated ; at Ba
cone University at Muskogee, seven or
eight years ago. He went into education
al work after his graduation and waa
successively superintendent of the Creek
Orphan School, superintendent of public
Instruction for the Creek nation and su
perintendent of the Eufaula Creek high
school.— Indianapolis News. •
First Indian Newspaper.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 28.— The asylum
investigating committee filed Its report
with Governor Bailey to-day". } The com
mittee is composed of members of the
Legislature and was appointed on account
of abuses In tho two insane asylums of
Kansas. The report says:
"The committee finds that there exists
upon the wards, among the attendants,
careless practices in the handling of pa
tients, that frequently amount to unwar
ranted force and punishment and some
times to cruelty. There exists among the
attendants a kind of secret understanding
which has the Influence of restraining one
attendant from informing the superin
tendent or other superior officers of mis
conduct and abuses on the part of other
attendants toward the patients."
Kansas Legislators Complete Investi
gation of Insane Asylums.
COMMITTEE FINDS ABUSES.
"In a financial institution, the tempta
tion with which the clerks are beset, and
the opportunities for wrongdoing are so
multiplied that great care and discretion
should be exercised in the selection of
men to fill these positions of trust. Thus
the prime qualifications for a bank clerk
should be strict integrity of character. It
matters not how much ability a man may
possess, how favorably he may Impress
those with whom he comes In contact,
how much zeal he may exhibit in the
performance of his duties, if he lacks this
one requisite— Integrity of character— the
institution is far better off without him.
It is only as they tend to indicate the
character that the habits,, appearance and
associations of an employe affect tho in
stitution. The man who is cultivating
bad habits, who is indulging himself In
things which hinder rather than help him,
Is not the man who will be found ready
in a time of emergency to bear great re
sponsibility or to overcome obstacles in
the accomplishment of a great work. It
Is the man who has been trained by con
stant self-denial and self-control, and
who realizes that only these habits which
build and strengthen the character are to
be cultivated, who is chosen to accom
plish these difficult missions."— New
York Commercial.
In an essay prepared and published re
cently by PaulH. Hudscn of the Knick
erbocker Trust Company of this city, on
"The Bank and Its. Employe" is the fol
lowing bearing on self-ccntrol In bank
clerks:
Self-Control in Bank Clerks.
WASHINGTON. July 28. — Ansel P. Lang
worthy has been commissioned postmaster at
Meadow. Wa6h. Rural free delivery will bo
established SeDtember 1 at Elmhuret and San
Bernardino. Cal. Acting Postmaster General
Wynne to-day announced the discontinuance on
July 31 of nine stations under the San Fran
cisco DOftcfnce, as follows: Statioa No. 2,
Railroad and Eleventh avenues; No. 4, 1S00
Union etreet ; No. 12. San Bruno and Dwlght
«tr*-ets; No. 15. Mission etreet and Silver ave
nue- No. 31, Eighteenth and Dolores streets;
No. 30, 207 Montgomery street; No. 37. 1134
Page street; No. 38. 202 Point Lobos avenue;
No. 43. Twenty-third and Hampshire streets.
Navy orders: Lieutenant Commander E. E.
Capehart. detached from the New York to
home and await orders; Lieutenant Commander
Simon Cook, detached from duty at Union Iron
Works to the New York as executive officer;
Midshipman G. F. Blair to the Pensacola.
Patents Issued to-day: California— Fred R.
Bacheler. Oxnard. dilating bouchie; Ands and
P Bolund. San Jose, hose grooming and sham
pooing machine; H. M. Brittan, San Francisco,
assignor to American Steel and Wire Com
pany, rope socket ewlvel; William E. Brown.
assignor to Erown-Win*tanley Manufacturing
Company. Lob Angeleo, bottle-filling machine;
Emerson B. Campbell, Bakercfleld, sucker rod
Joint: Edw. S. Cobb, Los Angeles, educational
puzzle; Axel Davis, San Francisco, oil burner;
Edw. Double, Santa Paula, under reamer;
Clarence 8. Fouts. Eureka, steam engine;
Frederick W. H. Jahn, Lo» Angeles, oil burner;
George W. Maxwell. Los Angeles, trolley
catrh; Marshall W. Patrick, Nile*, steering de
vice; Francis J. Rabbeth, Redlanda. spinning
pplndle; James J. Stanley, Vallejo. pen wiper.
Oregon — Harry W. Cooley, Lone Rock, assignor
cn«-half to G. A. Berry. Glen, pawl and ratchet
device; William K. Gill, Portland, carburetor
for explosive engines; Fred Jo»t. Susanvllle,
non-reflllable bottle. Washington — George H.
Blair. Spokane, musical instrument: L. J.
Jones, Tacoma, and Franz Cazln. Denver,
Colo., dust chamber for furnaces: Isaac N. Sen
ness. Ilwaco. lea vehicle; Fred E. Hunt. Buck
ley, game apparatus.
Acting Postmaster General Orders
Discontinuance of Nine Local
Postoffices on July 31.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
NEW YORK, July 28.— In full view of
hundreds of people going to work. Patrol
man Cornelius Mulvey, aged 40, was shot
and probably fatally Injured on the cor
ner of Avenue B and Seventh street to
day while trying to prevent a soldier
shooting his sweetheart. The soldier Is
Adolph Schloss, 22 years of age, of the
Eleventh Battery Field Artillery, station
ed at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn. After
shooting the policeman the soldier turned
the revolver on himself, but without seri
ous damage. Mulvey was shot in the cen
ter of his forehead, the bullet passing en
tirely through his skull and out at the
back of his head. Schloss was arrested
Immediately.- His sweetheart, Louise
Freedman, 18 years old, ran. away,
screaming, after the shooting, but was
found later.
She said that her father -wished her
three older sisters to marry first and she
had therefore broken her engagement
with Schloss, who shot at her after she
had refused to renew the engagement.
Schloss has been in the army for two
months and was on leave of absence. He
declared that he had been away four
days over his leave, but said he had no
intention of deserting.
Rock Island Buys a Railroad,
NEW YORK. July 28.— The Rock Island
system, through the medium of the St.
Louis and San Francisco Railroad, to-day
acquired control of the Evansvllle and
Terre Haute and Its subsidiary lines by
taking over the holdings of the syndicate
headed by Edward S. Hooley, senior part
ner of the firm of Edwin 8. Hooley & Co.,
the failure of which was announced on
Monday.
Timber Is now vulcanized In England by
forcing a - boiling solution of sugar Into
its pores.
The propellers of the Turblnla, at a
speed of thirty-four and a half knots per
hour, made 2000 revolutions per minute.
Stephen Phillips* poetic "Ulysses" will
be produced In September, and there will
be the usual elaborate presentation of the
latest Drury Lane melodrama. Frohman
has gone extensively into the production
of musical plays, and * this season will
have several notable examples of this
form of entertainment. From France will
come a number of. successes, and new
plays and German dramatists will be rep
resented adequately.
The Interesting statement Is made that
Miss Maude Adams will return to the
stage in October, thus completing the
F-rohman list of already famous stars.
Frohman has arranged the tours in
America of Sir Henry Irving, Marie Tem
pest and Mrs. Langtry. This season will
see the inauguration by this manager of
the annual production of French plays
in the United States under his personal
direction, to be supported by an all-
French company headed by Mile. WIche.
Works of English origin which Froh
man will present here include J. M. Bar
rie's "The Admirable Crichton," now very
successful In London and in which Wil
liam Gillette will be seen; another new
play by Barrie, "The Man From Blank
ney's," with Charles Hawtrey; new plays
by Pinero, Jerome, Raleigh, Hope, Cham
bers, Jones, Grundy, Esmond, Captain
Marshall and others.
NEW YORK, July 28.— After an absence
of six months In Europe Charles Froh
man returned to-day on the Kaiser Wil
helm der Grosse and made formal an
nouncement of his plans for the coming
theatrical season in this country. His new
plays by American authors will include
comedies by William Gillette, Clyde Fitch
and Augustus Thomas, on which the writ
ers are now at work. American authors
whose plans have been accented are Rich
ard Harding Davis, Edward E. Rose, Miss
Gladys- Unger, Mrs. Frances Hodgson
Burnett and Paul Potter.
Theatrical Manager to
Put on Many New
Plays.
Officer Interferes When
Artilleryman Attacks
Sweetheart.
FROHMAN'S PLANS
FOR THE SEASON
SOLDIER SHOOTS
A POLICEMAN
Engineers In charge of the proposed
works InflAxizona. California, Colorado,
Idaho, Montana,' Nevada, New Mexico,
South Dakota, Utah, Oregon, Washington
and Wyoming are in attendance at the
conference. The Gunnlson tunnel project
in Colorado is one of the most gigantic
works to be undertaken. The great Salt
River reservoir in Arizona and the work
along the Pecos River in New Mexico,
along the Bellefourche River In Utah and
along the Shoshone and North Platte riv
ers In Wyoming will also receive special
attention.
DENVER, Colo., July 2S.— Th© expendi
ture of millions of dollars by the United
States Government for the reclamation
of hundreds of thousands of acres of arid
land In the great West is the subject of
discussion among engineers of the Gov
ernment reclamation service, now In ses
sion in Denver. The conclusions of this
conference will be reported to Secretary
of the Interior Hitchcock by Chief En
gineer F. H. Newell and orders for active
work will then be given.
Government Engineers in Session at
Denver Plan "Work on a
Large Scale.
TO SPEND MANY MILLIONS
IN RECLAIMING DESERT
CHICAGO, July 28.— Julius Wiltrack,
the 11-year-old boy who was the chief
witness for the State in the prosecution
of hia father and mother for the murder
of Paul Passekowski, whose body was
found in a shallow grave In the outskirts
of the city several months ago, deried to
day all the damaging statements he has
made against his parents. He swore to
day when called to the witness stand by
the defense that he had been terrified into
making these accusations by the police
and disclaimed all knowledge of the af
fair.
Chicago Boy Who Charged Father
and Mother "With Murder Now
Makes Retraction.
DENIES ACCUSATIONS HE
MADE AGAINST PARENTS
In fact, he would not take him at any
price. Lubelski suggested that Loverich
take him and the latter replied that he
might employ Warfleld to take tickets,
but not to entertain his patrons.
Warfield now says he will stick to
plays. "I felt entitled to all the bad eggs
in town before I was half through having
fun with the booking agent," he said,
"but I kept a wary eye on the empty
seats, for fear they might fly over the
footlights at me."
FAMOUS HEBREW CHARAC
TER ACTOR WHO FOOLED A
SHARP BOOKING AGENT.
* Lubelski was the only one in the place
who was net on to the joke. His reputa
*tion as a booking agent was at stake and
he watched Warfield's work critically.
When the latter had concluded his act
he Turned to Lubelski and asked his opin
ion. The critic quickly replied that he
could not dream of giving him $45 a week.
Warfield apologized to Lubelski for
songs without pictures and words
r:lthout music. He said he would like to
Jet $43 a week and board. Lubelski invit
ed him to "make good" and the comedian
eald he would give imitations of Dave
Warfield.
He sang a song about an aged mother
whp stole a horse and was convicted. He
xnaae it up as he went along and ended
Jby striking a dramatic pose and singing
"•She was once my mother, boys." He
then told a few Hebrew stories, and his
accent was awful.
Varfield dropped into the Novelty The
•ater and watched a number of performers
•doing '. their "stunts" for the benefit of
Lubelski, who is a booking agent, and
"Sim Loverich, proprietor of the show
house. Peeling in a jocular mood. War
field turned to Lubelski and asked him if
h» would engage Beerbohm Tree to do a
"turn" and the agent replied that all ap
plicants had to be tried out before being
engaged. Loverich then introduced War
field as "Mr. Williams of New York,"
and "Williams" asked Lubelski for a try
out. Dave did not want to rehearse be
fore a large crowd, so the others were dis
missed. Th.cn the famous actor, who com
mands a weekly salary as large as the
yearly ones of many men, mounted the
stage and. aided and abetted by the piano
player, who knew him, went through a
stunt.
LUBELSKI thinks Dave
II * \Varf.eld is too inferior an actor
¦* .11 to shine in vaudeville. Tony had
*"~^ •. an alleged sample of Warfield's
work yesterday morning and when
'called* upon to pass judgment threw both
.hands in the air and said, "Rotten."
We have a large number of Infirm old men
in the home, and In his mania Beale was an
likely to attack one as another. He might
have killed tome of them. He was foisted on
us without giving us any warning as to his
habits or the nature of his malady. If it had
not been for the police he would. surely hav«
killed me Thursday when he attacked me in
my office. I consider this one of the most
damnable outrages that was ever perpetrated.
The facts of Beale's mental condition
were not explained to the authorities of
the home, but he was not long in the in
stitution before he began to act queerly.
His infractions of the peace were settled
by the home police.
On Thursday, however, he went down
to Yountville, where his wife is stopping,
and presently a telephone message came
to Dr. McAllister, the medical director,
telling him that Beale was having a fit.
Dr. McAllister sent his assistant and sev
eral police down to town and they found
Beale in a state of coma. They carried
him up to the hospital and he soon recov
ered consciousness and made a savage
attack upon Dr. McAllister. He also at
tacked one of the paralytic patients.
Dr. McAllister came to Napa and lodged
a complaint against Beale for insanity.
He was brought to Napa and was exam
ined yesterday before Judge Gesford. As
he was being taken into the Courthouse
he broks away from Deputy Sheriff Hot
tel and tried to attack several . citizens,
among them Assessor Meacham, but they
found safety In flight. Beale Is a well
proportioned man of 285 pounds, and he
gave the officers a lively tight before they
got him handcuffed.
Miss Hanley, the nurse, was one of the
witnesses who testified at the examina
tion. She Baid that she left Agnews Hos
pital for the Veterans'. Home about May
28. and before she left Dr. Leonard Stock
ing, the medical superintendent, told her
that she would have Beale for a patient,
as he was to be sent up to the home-
Miss Hanley asked Dr. Stocking if he
considered the home a proper place for
Beale, for the latter was known as a trou
blesome and violent patient. Dr. Stock
ing thought that it would be all right,
and seemed very much pleased at the
prospect of getting rid of Beale.
Yesterday during the examination Dep
uty Stieriff Hottel called up Dr. Stocking
by telephone and asked him if Beale had
been discharged from the Agnews Hos
pital. Dr. Stocking replied that he had
discharged Beale, not as cured, but at the
request of some of the latter's friends,
who thought pe would be better off at the
home than at the asylum. Dr. Stocking
suggested to Hottel that it would be bet
ter to send Beale to the Napa State Hos
pital than to commit him to Agnews
again, and Hottel promised to convey the
suggestion to Judge Gesford. The Judge,
however, said:
No, they will have to take him back. They
can't foist him off on some other Institution In
this manner. This is one of the most flagrant
abuses of authority on the part of a hospital
superintendent I have ever heard of. That man's I
record chows that he has been an epileptic for
more than forty years, lie was discharged
from the army, after serving but four months,
on account of epilepsy, and he draws a pen
sion of $12 per month for the same disability.
So Beale will go back to Agnews to
day. Dr. McAllister waxed very indig
nant when discussing the case. He said:
NAPA, July 25.— Do the Insane hospitals
discharge troublesome patients In order
to be relieved from caring for them? The
Veterans' Home authorities believe that
this has been done in at least one case
by the Agnews asylum, and that thereby
the lives of the aged and Infirm veterans
have been jeopardized.
On June 15 a young man giving the
name of Peter Donnelly came to the Vet
erans' Home having in charge a veteran
named William B. Beale, who, he said,
was sick and wanted to be admitted to
the hospital. To the hospital steward,
Captain Clarke, Donnelly confided the /act
that he was an attendant, and Beale a
patient, from the Agnews State Hospital,
and that Beale was a hard man to
handle. One of the nurses at the home
hospital, Miss M. J. Hanley, was former
ly an attendant at the Agnews asylum.
Donnelly called on her at the home and
said that he must get away quickly be
cause he was afraid Beale would have a
crazy spell and he would have to take him
back.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge Gesford Recommits Crazy Epi
leptic and Scores Hospital Super
intendent for Shirking 1
Responsibilities.
Authorities of Yountville In
stitution Resent; the
Imposition.
Agnews Asylum Patient
Foisted on Veter
ans' Home.
Clever Comedian Has Fun With a Bookingy\gent,
Who Gives Him Trial With View Toward
Employing Him to Play in Variety Theaters
DISCHARGED
BECAUSE HE
IS FRACTIOUS
WARFIELD FAILS TO BREAK
INTO RANKS OF VAUDEVILLE
THIS SAIN iriiAJNUJSUU UALL, W-JSJUJJN JS»I>AX» JULI Z3V, J.W<3.
A very curious triumph has Just been
achieved by a Korean gardener, namely.
an armchair of natural growth; that Is
to say, formed of a vine which the gar
dener had bent or twisted so as to pro
duce a chair. It Is also studded with seed
of the gingko tree, which had grown Into
the fiber of the vine. After the chair
was fashioned In this way It was cut from
the ground, dried and polished until It re
sembled mahogany. It Is 3 feet 5 Inches
high. 25 Inches wide. and. owing to the
hardness of the wood, weighs over 100
pounds.— Baltimore Herald.'
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If
A FRESk oKIN
For halt a. century HeiERcll's Ointment
has been used by careful mothers every -
for purifyin«: and preserving the
ekin in beauty. Heickell's Ointment
rure* red. rouffh skin. Pimples. Blotches,
Bums. Scalds, Tetter. Erysipelas, Salt
Rheum. Scald Head. Itch, Rtngrwonn.
Ulcers, Eore Nose, Sore Eyelids.
HEISKELL'S
Ointment
H cools all irritation: makes the ek!n beau- B
rj tlrully fair and vmooth. HeiskeM's Soup R
K and HelekeU'a Ointment make a compleu B
D treatment and sure cure for any ekin B
H trouble. At drug-gists'. *oap. 25c; olnt- H
(2 xaezt, 60c Send for book of testi- B
Q tnoisials. £3
1 JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY & CO. 1
. Philadelphia. E
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been la use over fifty
years by the leaden of th«
Mcrrr.cc Church and their
followers. Positively cure th«
worst cases in old and young
•rising from e&ects of selr-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
dgamte Mnoking. Cxm Lo,t
Manhood. Impote&cy, i» f t
Power. IClrht Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Luat Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar.
rr. Lots of Semen. JET jT\ Varicocelt or Con.
f tipaUoa. 6top Xer ZJ U Twitching o:
Eyelids. Efiecti are c • 1^7- a Immediate. Impair
vigor and potency ****" to every function.
Don't get deeponde:*. • cure Is at hand. R*.
r'-ore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
-ie brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
%'i SO ty mall. A written guarantee to cur* or
money refunded with « boxes. Clrculam fre*,
.Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st-
Ean Francisco. CaX GRANT DRUG CO.. St
and 40 Third «t.
I raw iPB 8 fin KL^Va
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Bemedr*. rivet health and
•«res£t& to sexual crrans. Depot. 223 Market.
j ADVERTISEMENTS. - --
L$ fiS|T w? JbmSc* Ilk —ift J) yMytBf J&ivS
/THE: HOT ONE— I don't see how you keep so cool and comfortable this
blistering weather.
- THE COOL. ONE— Simplest thing In the world. I keep cool and clean inside,
and that makes mo feel cool and clean outside. I take a CASCAEET Candy
Cathartic every night before going to bed. It cleans and purifies the system.
stops hot fermentation in the stomach and bowels, and makes excessive per-
spiration impossible. You know they work while you sleep, make you feel
¦ , ADVERTISEMENTS. - • - ¦ „_,.,-, ~~~~~~~
SQUARE LIBERAL K£BW QUALITY SATISFACTION/.
j^ALJNG CREDIT HfflQp OTGOODSt G UA|M|p D '
Several carloads /SHF® ___ ,__^ Jk Save time, trouble
OUR PRICES DO THE TALKING
BRUSSELS CARPETS— Superior grade, Oriental, floral and A - AGATE PRO-BRUSSELS-Sanltary, moth proof, revenftlej % g\d^
medallion designs; with and without borders. An exceptional Vfl^C full yard wide. Price "TTvlw
value. Price .' WW * .....»•••
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS- Latest designs and colorings, both n s\ INLAID LINOLEUM -Another large shipment of Inlaid *£* tOl/
floral and medallion. Soft and rich in effect, lasting in quality. Ski §C\ Linoleum; beautiful Mosaic designs. The kind that goes S%| # i^Yy
With and without borders. Price VJVTW clear through to the back. Price ....... ; T*
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS-An excellent grade, suitable for _* « ' LINOLEUM-Floral and Mosaic designs. Made of pulverized fff/^w^^
parlor, living-room or bedroom. Some very beautiful designs at cork and best linseed oil. Large variety of patterns to choose from. •^IBt^
irresistible prices. Price Per square yard, price
ALL-WOOL INGRAIN— The good old-fashioned weaves that appear REVERSIBLE ART SQUARES -Sanitary, moth proof. f\ f\f\
never to wear out. Large or small designs on light or dark /^m "Will save other goods many times over in the wear and tear of jfK^r^^f j f
grounds. Some very beautiful designs. Reversible; fuU yard wide. |'"%S&{"*! ' thecarpet. Price, 7:6x9 «..*
Price VUV 9x12 $4.25
EXTRA SUPER HALF-WOOL INGRAIN CARPET- Reversible; REVERSIBLE SMYRNA RUGS-Oriental and floral effects ; Pjf
full yard wide. Large selection of patterns and colorings. Price §CL 30x60 ""^e 5 * Fringe ** both ends. Large variety of derigns to 5}% I . Q O
, •LPVrW choose from. Price ~ ~-»
245-259 GEARY STREET, On the SquareMr3 Adelaide Lloyd-Smith, who achieved
considerable notoriety because of her con.
nection with the famous Moxey case and
who was recently arrested on a charge of
selling oil stock of no value, filed an an
awer yesterday to the suit to recover *1300
nied against her by Annie Freese. She
denies that she ever sold stock in an oil
company to the plaintiff .under the condi
tions described in her complaint.
Adelaide E. Smith Files Answer.
Will Contest Polish Woman's Will.
Attorneys James G. Magulre ana can
Lindsay have been retained by Joseph
Krzyzanowski to contest the will of Po
laeia M Krzyzanowski. who was the
widow of General Krzyzanowski. whose
adopted son the claimant claims to be
Notice that such a contest would soon be
inaugurated was filed yesterday. Mrs.
Krzvzanowskrs wealth was the subject
of a recent legal fight In Judge Troutfs
court, in which Marie NltfrtlngaJe. or
Nachtigall. sought- to prove she was the
daughter o t the deceased. The case was
compromised. s . , •
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion
yesterday that the Civil Service Commis
sion must certify more than one name in
answer to 1 each requisition for certifica
tion from an elieible list. The-Commis
sion adopted a rule providing that only
the highest name shall be certified.
The Health Board refused to appoint
a plumbing Inspector so certified and
raised the Question that it is entitled to
the certification of more than one name
from which to choose. The City Attorney
holds that by certifying but one name the
commission takes away all right^ of se
lection and itself becomeB in fact the real
appointing power. Lane says that Judge
Sloss' decision in the case of Muller
versus the Health Board should be ac
cepted as determinative of the law and
that the appointing power !s entitled to
the certification of more than one name
from which to choose.
Notwithstanding Lane's opinion Com
missioner Rogers says the commission
will continue to certify the name of the
highest eligible for any appointment.
City Attorney Holds That Rule of the
Civil Service Commission
Is Illegal.
MUST CERTIFT NAME OP
MORE THAN ONE ELIGIBLE
Entertainment in Aid of Church.
An .entertainment under the auspices
of the parishioners of the African Zion
M. E. .Church was given at the edifice on
Stockton street last night before a large
audience. . The programme was varied
and consisted of many pleasing features.
The funds derived from the entertainment
will be devote'd to repairing the church.
Mary Watson, guardian of Daniel Wat
son, an apprentice machinist, whose right
arm and hand were badly crushed In an
accident at the machine shop of the J. A.
Gray Company, .filed a suit for $25,000
damages against the company yesterday.
The plaintiff charges that the accident
was caused by the use of faulty tools.
Says Faulty, Tools Were Used.
New Counsel for Nolan.
Ng Ah Gong, the Chinese who was held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Police Judge Cabaniss on a charge of of
fering a bribe to Policeman Lambert of
the Chinatown squad, was released on. a
writ of habeas corpus by Judge Cook yes
terday as the complaint was defective. As
soon as he left the Hall of Justice he was
again arrested and booked at the City
Prison on the same charge.
Released and Rearrested.
K. Tashlro, a Japanese contractor living
at UVt Qulncy street, was ordered into
custody by Police Judge Conlan yesterday
on a charge of perjury and was released on
$500 bonds. On July 14 he swore to a com
plaint charging E. Kitljima and S. Klshi
with assault to murder, committed, he al
leged, the previous night outside the
Japanese theater on Post street. When
the case was called before Judge Conlan
on Monday, Tashlro said he could not
Identify the defendants as the men who
attacked him, and the Judge gave him till
yesterday to refresh his memory. Yester
day he again said ho could not Identify
them and he was ordered into custody for
perjury. ¦vi'.V ¦*
Charged With Perjury.
A short time ago Bhe was placed in the
East Bay Sanitarium In Oakland and on
latt Monday she became the mother of a
child, the putative father being Joergen
sen. The latter deserted his wife In Den
mark and with the proceeds of the em
bezzlement took with him his two minor
children and Miss Moeller, who was a
bookkeeper in th« same bank and who
had fallen violently in love with him.
Joergensen will be taken back to Den
mark for trial. The fugitives came to
New York and thence to Oakland, to
which plac*e they were traced by United
States Secret Service men. Of the 40,000
marks embezzled there were recovered
$3000 deposited by Joergensen in the Farm
ers' and Merchants' Savings Bank of Oak
land, $33} in the Central Bank of Oakland
and $376 on the person of the prisoner.
His children are a boy of 11 years and a
girl of 9 years."
Johanna Moeller. the woman who fled
from Denmark with Jules Anton Joergen
ecn, the defaulting cashier of the Bank
of Copenhagen, was released from cus
today yesterday upon the order of the
Secretary of State at Washington. D. C.
the evidence submitted having failed to
connect her with the embezzlement.
State Department Orders Her Re
leased From the Charge of Being
Joergensen's Accomplice.
CHILD IS BORN TO
JOHANNA MOELLER
BERLIN, July 2S.— The National Zeltung to
day -printed the text of a letter received from
Finland, naylng that the expulsions have been
resumed and that the Government has ordered
the Rev. Magnus Roscndal, the well known
writer, speaker and principal of the Lyceum at
Uleaborg. to leave the country, after depriving
him of his position.
Dr. Louis Bazet will not surrender the
position of police surgeon without a bat
tle in the courts.- Yesterday he filed a
suit for an injunction restraining Audi
tor Henry Baehr from auditing the sal
ary warrant of Dr. O. \V. Jones, Bazet's
successor, until such time as his right to
the position has been established by the
courts. Bazet claims that his removal
was accomplished at a meeting at which
there were present only two members of
the Police Commission; that he was not
given a hearing, and that no charges of
any sort had ever been preferred against
him. Judge Murasky Issued an order di
recting Baehr to appear before him Fri
day, August 27, and show cause, If he can,
why the prayer of Bazet's complaint
should not be granted.
Dr. Bazet Files Suit for Injunction
Restraining Auditor From Pay
ing Salary of His Successor.
DEPOSED POLICE SURGEON
WILL FIGHT FOR PLACE
In the United States District Court yes
terday the Union Transportation Company
filed a libel against the California Navi
gation and Improvement Company to re
cover $100,000 damages for the loss of the
steamer Dauntless by being run down by
the steamer Mary Garratt in the San Joa
quin River on August 24, 1901.
The accident occurred ten miles above
Antioch. The complaint alleges that just
prior to the collision the steering gear of
the Mary Garratjt was defective and she
was also overloaded, so that it was im
possible to handle her properly or to steer
her. It Is also alleged that the pilot, mas
ter and crew were "untrained, undrllled
and Incompetent, wholly without skill in
the management of the steamer and the
navigation of the river." and that no look
out or watch was kept on the Mary Oar
ratt. The Dauntless was sunk and bo
came a total loss.
Operators of the Dauntless Seek to
Recover One Hundred Thou
sand Dollars Damages.
SUE OWNERS OF BOAT
FOR A LARGE AMOUNT
The Board of Public Works held a spe-;
cial meeting yesterday for the purpose of
considering the safety of the cables at the
Junction of Market, Kearny and Third
Btreets, where the Grand Army of the Re
public memorial arch is in course of con
struction. Chairman Casey of the board
took occasion to take Chief Hewitt of the
department of electricity to task for not
filing complete specifications for the work.
Casey assured the Grand Army commit
tee, headed by Horace Wilson, which was
present that the board did raft desire to
obstruct the performance of the work,
but was concerned in the safety of the
public, as the board alone was responsible
for any damages that might result from
Insecure cables or improper splicing.
Hewitt promised to prepare the new
specifications at once, and Casey informed
the committee that work on the arch
would be stopped If considered dangerous.
In the afternoon Officer Beach warned
pedestrians away from the vicinity of
the colonnades.
Though competent engineers agreed
upon the security of the cables, it was
deemed advisable to increase the margin
of safety and additional cables were put
in place last night. This action will re
assure all who had any doubt as to the
security of th« arch In course of con
struction.
Constructors of Q. A. R. Decora
tion Take Action Looking to
Public Safety.
CABLES TO HOLD ARCH
ARE MADE MORE SECURE
Captain Martin says he has not yet lo
cated Northrup but expects to do so
soon.
The specific charge is for embezzling
$19 85 on July 28, 1900. The money was
paid to Northrup by Attorney R. H. Cross
for probate fees. No entry for the receipt
of the money was ever made in the cash
book. The actual amount due for fees
was $18 and when Attorney Cross made a
demand a few days ago for that $1 S5 the
defalcation was discovered.
The District Attorney said there was no
need for issuing the warrant till North
rup was apprehended, but the complaint
had been sworn to and the warrant pro
cured as a precautionary measure, al
though there was a clause In the Penal
Code that prevented the statute of limita
tions from applying to the embezzlement
of public funds.
District Attorney Bylngton instructed
his assistant, Louis H. Ward, yesterday
afternoon to draw up a complaint charg
ing Vernon F. Northrup with embezzling
public funds during the time he was act
ing as deputy County Clerk under Wil
liam A. Deane. The complaint was sworn
to by Detective T. J. Coleman before Po
lice Judge Cabaniss and a warrant was
Issued for Northrup's arrest.
Former Deputy County Clerk Is
Charged With Felony Embezzle
ment by District Attorney.
WARRANT IS SWORN OUT
FOR NORTHRUP'S ARREST
.. Suits for divorce for desertion were filed
yesterday by Thomas L. Price against
Maybelle Price, Charles Rush against
Mary Rush and Carl II. Miller against
Baibara Miller.
She said that she had money once and
gave It to her husband to embark In the
shoe business, and that he went through
it all. She also said that when she was
a matron at the House of Correction he
drew her salary for her. - < ¦¦
Harry Barbee, Deputy County Clerk in
Judge Lawlor's court, was before Judge
Troutt yesterday on an order to show
cause why he should not pay alimony to
Agnes Barbee, his wife, who is suing him
for divorce. The result of the"* examina
tion was the. issuance of an order direct
ing Barbee to pay her $30 alimony, $50
counsel • fees j and $15 costs within five
days.
'Barbee testified that though he was sup
posed to receive $125 a month as Deputy
County Clerk, and signed for that amount,
he only received $75. He refused to state
who got the balance of his salary. Mrs.
Barbee testified that she did not get any
of it.
Deputy County Clerk Fails to .Show
Cause for His Failure to Pro
vide for His Spouse.
BABBEE IS ORDERED TO PAY
HIS WIFE MONTHLY ALIMONY
The refusal of the court entails a heavy
loss upon the plaintiffs, as, according to
their complaint, they have leased the
place for five years at an enormous
rental. They claim that they have agreed
to pay $18,000 for the first year, $36,000 for
the second year and $48,00 for "each of the
succeeding three years.
No promise being forthcoming, the court
notified the plaintiffs that on Friday It
would set the case for trial.
Because B. Ferner and F. J. Drake,
lessees of the notorious Hotel Nymphia,
refused yesterday to promise Judge Mu
rasky that they would not use the prem
ises for Immoral purposes pending. the
trial of ' their suit for an Injunction re
straining the police from Interfering
with them or the occupants of the prem
ises, the court refused to issue a tempo
rary order preventing the police from, en
tering therein as they saw fit.
The. decision came as a t surprlse to At
torneys Miller and Schooler, who repre
sented the plaintiffs,. for It has been the
custom of some of the Judges to Issue
f emporary orders preventing the police
from raiding such places pending a trial
of suits for permanent injunction. It
means that until the case is tried on Its
merits there will be no court interfer
ence with the police.
Murasky, In giving his decision, said
•that In view of the fact that the plaintiffs
would not give the required promise he
could not hold otherwise than that they
were not in court in good faith, and that
therefore he could not grant their prayer.
"I will issue the.order," said the court,
"if I am given that promise, otnerwise
you must wait until the merits of the
case are gone into."
The principal heirs of Mrs. Cogswell are
Harry Skellinger, a nephew, who resides
in this city, and Laura Robley. a sister,
and Laura Richards and Elizabeth Rob
ley, nieces, who reside in Connecticut. It
is claimed that Henshaw, accompanied by
Attorney Reed, visited the Eastern heirs
a short time after the death of Mrs.
Cogswell and. taking advantage of their
ignorance of the law, prevailed upon them
to sign the alleged cdntract. He also se
cured Ekellinger's signature, it is said, to
a similar document, but the latter a short
time ago brought an action in Oakland to
have it set aside. The suit is still pend
ing.
Several weeks ago. when the second
contest of Mrs. Cogswell's will, filed by
Alexander O. Richards, was compromised,
the helr« It is said, made a demand upon
Henshaw' that he Institute distribution
proceedings. H* refused, it is declared,
and they filed the petition which was on
yesterday's calendar and which led to the
making of th« charges.
Attorneys Mansfield and J. S. Partridge,
who represent the heirs, claim that Hen
shaw, contrary to the law which provides
that an executor shall not receive for his
services any more than the statutory
fees, has entered Into a contract with the
heirs for 10 per cent of their legacies. For
the extra compensation they say he
agreed to hasten the estate through the
courts. They say he has been guilty of
double dealing and has, instead of living
up to the alleged contract. Illegal though
it Is, delayed matters in order that the
percentage might be increased. The law
allows executors as fees for handling an
estate a percentage on each $1000. For
his care of the Cogswell property Hen-
Fhaw would, under the law, receive about
515,000. The ai.rged contract would bring
him at least $40,000 additional.
The half-million dollar estate of the
late Catherine D. Cogswell seems fated
to become, like many other large estates,
a bone of contention. Though
Mrs. Cogswell died a year ago
last February only it has been the sub
ject of two bitter legal struggles, which
ended in costly compromise, and now
there is in prospect a battle royal be
tween the executor of her will and the
four principal heirs. In fact the battle
commenced yesterday in Judge Troutt's
court, when a hearing of a petition for
partial distribution of the Estate filed by
the heirs was granted. The hearing was
short, but while it was on charges were
made by the attorneys for the heirs that
reflect upon W. G. Henshaw. the Oakland
banker, who Is executor of Mrs. Cogs
well's will. The charges were to the ef
fect that Henshaw. to further his own
ends, and in direct violation of the law,
was obstructing the distribution to the
heirs of their legacies. The charge was
Indignantly denied by Reed & Nusbaumer,
Henshaw's attorneys. They asked for a
continuance of two weeks i however,
claiming that Charles S. Wheeler, who is
associated with them, was unable to ap
pear in court before then, and that for
that reason alone they desired further
time. The court put the matter over for
a week.
Assistant District Attorney Hanley sug
gested that an attachment be issued
against her, but Attorney Low said that
If the case were continued till 1:30 o'clock
he would have her present. In court. This
suggestion was adopted.
Meantime the charge of battery upon
Leopold Jordan, who went at the request
of Mrs. Benham to rescue -the girl from
Hewlett and was struck on the back of
the head by Hewlett, was called. Jordan
was called to the stand and said he did
not wish to prosecute the case. At the re
quest of the Judge he detailed the inci
dents that led jip to the battery upon
him. The Judge dismissed the case.
At 1:30 o'clock Miss Ethel Relbenstein,
accompanied by her father and sister, en
tered the court room. In answer to the
Judge she said she had no desire to prose
cute the case; she had sustained no seri
ous injuries; the defendant did not use
any weapon and she was not rendered
senseless. She had Just been a little bit
excited. The Judge dismissed the case.
As the girl's father left the court room
his eyes lighted upon Hewlett for an In
stant and there was an ugly gleam In
them, but that was all.
The Judge said that she had sworn to
the complaint charging the defendant
with an assault to do grievous bodily
Injury and he observed at the time that
there were no apparent marks upon her
to show that she had been injured, al
though she said that her body wu
bruised.
When the case was called, Attorney
Charles A. Low, who represented the de
fendant, said that Miss Ethel Reibensteln
of Stockton, whom Hewlett was accused
of having dragged from the residence of
Mrs. Benham, 1127 O'Farrell street, to his
rooms at 1124 O'Farrell street about 1
o'clock on Monday morning and of hav
ing choked and otherwise .maltreated
her. was sick from the effects of her ex
perience with the defendant and was un
able to appear in court. Her sister had
told him that she would not prosecute
Hewlett.
Harry Hewlett, cashier of the First Na
tional Bank of Stockton, charged with
battery and assault with Intent to do
grievous bodily harm, has escaped prose
cution. Police Judge Cabanlss dismissed
both of the charges yesteoday, the com
plaining witnesses having, refused to
prosecute him.
Complaining Witnesses Re
fuse to Prosecute the
They Claim He Has Used His
Position to Further His
Own Ends.
Refusal to Give Promise to
Court Leads to Their
. Discomfiture. '¦
Banker Henshaw Ac
cused by Heirs of Mrs.
Cogswell
Murasky Refuses to
Temporarily Enjoin
the Police.
Charges Against Harry
Hewlett Are Both
; Dismissed.
SAY EXECUTOR
ABUSES TRUST
NYMPHIA OWNERS
GIVEN SURPRISE
ESCAPES BEING
PUT ON TRIAL
THE SAN FKANC1SCO, CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY. 29, 1903.
Attorneys who have been appointed by
Judge Cook to defend Michael Nolan, one
of the thugs charged with robbery of
and battery upon Mre. Emma V.
Matthews at M3 sjlalght street on
March 4. are fighting shy of the
rase. Yesterday Attorneys Stelnhart and
Digby Johnson declined to handle the
case end the Judge appointed Nathan C
Coghlan and Hugh O'Neill to represent
the defendant Attorney Schooler was
the first to withdraw from the caee. then
followed in order Attorneys McClellan
and McCloskey, Attorneys - Stelnhart and
Burchard, Attorneys Steinhart and Digby
Johnson. The case was continued till
August 17 for trial to enable Detectives
Dlnan and Wren, who are conducting the
prosecution, to have their vacation before
the Grand Army encampment
9
AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRALIE
Market St, Near Eighth. Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The New York and London Success.
"A LION^SJiEART."
herscheTmayall
And the Central Stock Company.
Intense Heart Interest! Thrilling Climaxes)
Brilliant Comedy!
DDTPEC Evening* 10c to S0o
rnltE3 Matinees 10c. 13c. 23o
MONDAY. Aurust 3. .
Edwin Arden's Famous Russian Drama,
"ZORAH."
TfVAI Town*
I I VULI HOUSE*
EVERY NIGHT and SATURDAY MATINEE.
Second Week of the Great Success of
GAMILLE D'ARVILLE
In Do Koven's Comic Opera,
"The Highwayman"
Her Special Engagement Has Proved to Ba tho
Event of the Theatrical Season.
SPECIAL CAST.
EDWIN STEVENS In the rreat part of
FOXY QUILLER: Arthur Cunningham. Ferris
Hartman, Edward Webb. Annie Meyers. Bertha
Davis, with the Tlvoii's Superb jComoany aad
Orchestra.
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 30c. 73o
Telephone Bush 0.
GRAND BS E u!i
ONLY MATINEB SATURDAY.
SECOND WEEK— EVERT NIGHT.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb New Tork Company in
Th« New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity.
IN WALL STREET
The Same Production as Used by the- Roger*
Brothers at th» Victoria Theater.
New York.
NEW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC.
Next— "IN HARVARD."
PRICES— Sflo. COc. 75c I !¦
Third Week ' of the Great Success) \ . ~ V •
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE**
COMBINED WITH
-THE THREE MUSKEETERS.-
THE "ALL STAR" CAST
;- •¦i.'.vr KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
. WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERXISEN. '
MAUDE AMBER.
And the Only Chorus. - -
RESERVED SEATS: Nights, 23c. 80c tnd
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 23c and
50c: Children at Matinees. 10c and 29c.
Next Great Double Bill. Monday. Aurust 10,
"THE BIO UTTLE PRINCESS" '—"QUO
VABS ISS." .
THE THREE KUHVS.
Hllh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
Inspect "CABARET DB LA MORT."
. VISIT THE
I FOUND. AND ONErHALF BABY AND HI9
COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
THREE BABT TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
Knights of Maccabees Outing To-Night.
ADMISSION". 10c: CHILDREN. 8c
Pafarp DOirr FAIL T0
TalaWW. see the beautiful
t COURT Lounging
flfifl ' room,the EMPIRE
dilU PARLOR, the
•r, - PALM ROOM.the
II mini LOUIS XV PAR.
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
„ . t DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
JLgAPPfO BOStSTEBS COLLEGE OF THE
• TJ - Ki?T, 24 Port Ft., San F'ranriseo. Cal.
nrtsbilfhed 40 years. Oppn entire year.
• Write for iUustrated catalctrue (free).
I Actual bus!coe« bookketplrr; only expert ac-
countanti! and reporters n* teachers: Grejfg;
*Korthand taFWt. faite^t at.d moat readable.
Day and evening. StnJ fcr caUloput to Col-
>ee. 12T.C -Market Ft.
.*¦¦' . POLYTECHNIC
t\ Business College and
8^^' 6chool of Engineer-
" tKy^-'r^i lr.£. Oftk'.ar.d. Cal.
njrLnjlgVll Largest and best
JS5?S??9OK^^ school of
• jRg-KVflMI n VJ^'X j buslress, shorthand
Slti-ii^J 5 s= *l3 v " rJ enrlneertnn v-*t
m^m h* 1 i *^!~-i ° r CBlc *a^>- Pcfect
iTRaMVtMBGri. climate, ezpen s e s
r^«m~i^^ {> ' low. Writ* for fre«
10O-rnpe cataloru*.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(FOR Y0t\G LADIES).
Centers Octrees and Grants Diplomas.
'*5**nlnary L-ourae accndite.i to the universi-
ties and lea£ipc Eastern colleges: rare oppor-
MWsi oCersd in music, art and elocution.
.-Einy-elchth year. Fall term opens August
J2. I9C3. Write for catalorue to MRS C. T.
MILLS. Pres.. Mills Collere P. P.. CsX
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
• The next sea*cn begins Aurust 4 1903
c rtOBERT G. KEXXA. S. J.. President.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
SACKED EEABT COLLEGE. Ztij and LarkiaBU
CLASSES OPEH MOffDAT. AC0C6T 3. 1903,
. *t 7 :15 p. B.
_J TtN.51tVtKLUK c "&&"" I
S4l FL"L7X)X ST.. San Fraaclsco. Ca'^
J*tJ.:.K Musical Collere cf the Coast.
Largest- school, thorough course, able teacners
Write for 1XO3 Cataicrue.
EOONE'S UNIVERSITY SCHOOL,
EEBKELEY. CAL..
.Beepens Monday, Angnstj^
• Hitchxcck Military Academy,
, ' SA2f EArAEI,, CAL.
• t Separate bulliins for little boys. Xrr.ai term
* ill becln en Aur- 17.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
f^OAKDlXG A>D DAT BCUOOL. FOB
*-»jcur^; ladles and little rlrls, 2128 California
»*.. will reopen Auraat 3. 1SO3. Accredited to
:;e Crlvers-.Uea. REV. EDWARD B.
* itVP.CH. A. M.. Principal.
•St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
will be resumed MONDAY, August 3
!**»• -. BRO. ZENONIAN. PresldenL '
. ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
FKRALTA TAKK BERKELEY.
Boardij.^ ar.i day school lor boys under 15 yeare
"L^V 61 " 4^* <?on:mence MOXDAY. August 3
. -PC^- c*^d for progp^ctus to Bro. Genebran. '
V • Z-ii • r. ern School. 600 po-
I rvCCx «*tions la past year.
' »^fc"Nl.«*r'sa^ fc0 " page catalogue.
-~~~^ San Francisco.
• COLLECE OF NOTRE DAME.
SAX JOSE. CAU.
... Flft^eeeond year. Confers degree*, crants
CclleEe preparatory accredited. Con-
./r-i.::;- course. Icterxcedlat* and primary
. "tp*rt.iz.entu tor youncer c Udren. Studies re-
feased Aucust 4. lSKXi.
aiTSS SABEEB AK3 MISS HUGHES'
*. SCHOOL FOB GIHI.S
«T PALO ALTO. CALIFORNIA. Formerly the
* THOBUEK SCHOOL.
Prepares tor the VnlTerslties and Colleges,
TVeet and East. University lectures open to
students. ?emerter berlns August 23.
/ ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IKV1NGTON. CAI*
¦ A blch-rrade il.;:itry Bchoal for a llialtad
truxsber of boys cf rood '•''t r » / *T*Ti Next tarm
berloe Aur as t 12.
WILLIAM WALKER AyPERSOJf. Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL.
AJTB YAK ZTESS SESIIirAKT,
..'<S Jackscn ct.. E. P. Bo&rdinr and day
•chool for rlrls. Accredited by the leadlnr
ccllerea and universities. Special attention
riven to tr.uflc. Reopens Aurust 10. 1903.
: AI'.Ali D. HAMLIN. Principal.
THE LYCEU/VI.
An accrecited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleres, la well
¦ ' -v. :. for its c&reful and thoroush work. Com*
U&& be with us; we prepare you well; refer-
fsc*s, Pretlfient Jordan or any Bta&ford pro-
feeaor. Phelen b-uildlcr.
L. H. GRAD. Ph. P.. Principal.
TrIE JEN NE MORROW LONG COL-
* LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
* £tase atd platfona poaltloaa ruaracteed;
;.-rn»re«; dipicmas. Catalorue. 2152 Butter
ft. Phon* West 1169. Reopens September 2.
'SCHOOL Of ILLUSTRATION,
PAJtTINGTON"6. 424 PINE ST.
Oldest Bcbool In America.
- New Term Berlns MONDAY. Aur- 3.
r DAY AND EVENING CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
rx5a BOYS, Merlo Park. California. Prepares
for siy university or fcr business. Send for
'Jluetrated catalorue. IRA O. HOITT. Ph.D^
Principal. Fall term opena August 1L
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS. BELMONT. CAU. "
Cpecs for new pupils Aurust 10; for former pa-
; t Setatt 12. Catalorue and bock of rtews
'¦'M application.
•W. T. KEID. A. M. rHarvard), Head Master.
. Miss West's School for Girls,
1014 VAN NESS AVENX'E.
Open* Aucurt lh. Home and day achooU Ac-
credited by leadlnr ccilerea. Tor catalorue ad.
arett MARY B. WEST. Prlndoal^
• SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
SAN ilATEO,
Accredited to Stanford, reopens Anfcust 2«th
in n»w building* on Monte Diablo are. Modem
•irapoi'etr.ents. For further Inf ormatlon or dr-
rulcrs address fMlSS) I. L. TEBBRTTS.
s^^sv^^^^^^^^^>^ a
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
)ESUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
\ ¦ tjf Th « L»re«t Anueaiul M»! turn in the \
A -^-A-?.. V.v.tii Weakne»kn or any contracted M
X ££ l£fS d.eisr |M»»Ui»«-lf««r«»4ny thr oiaeit T
4) /jSSl b P ea * ilit °» t! »« Co«M. K»L36 3ff*rv O
A JJStf 4 CR. J02DAN-D1SEASES OF KEN 4
r Cotrtuiutioo free »nd sTnctly priT»tc. \
S t iJ"^n 1'*'' r " r ' t pef»on»1»jr r,r bjr letter. A Q
. V B ft r» If foatmt ( urr m every case underukea. \
ArU \\a> ' «'nte r<» B^>k. miLOKufavor i
V I (J \\H H4KIIIACE, KAItLD FREE. CAT
i A /I. vatasblc beck Cor m»n) ¦ A
V DB. JODDAXACO.. 1051 Martet t-t..S. F. ¥
Q'^«»'^<sW^ <^%^%^^^^w
J(f5l Those «ufferinjr from weak*
Bs# cesses which tap the pleasures
¦ i ¦ of life should take Juven Pills.
ui One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizinc force than has ever
be*-n offered. Sent bj mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and SI.
Made by its originators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
vri^on Hood's fcarsaoarilla. LowaIL Ma*».
isFGat capes,
Underwriters'
Fire Sale supttlts
' V DAMAGED BY
RFfiTN^ SMOKE
AND WATER,
TO-DAY WILL BE
¦ - mm . . i mwm^ st& A ; Jk m A
SOLD AT
W^ccinesuZiy ruinous
Morning, \ now^
at IU U UOCK. OPPORTUNITY
1 142 1146 MARKET ST. Bet Mason and Taylor.
PBAGEBS / I X : PBAQEBS. | PBAGEBS
' >^ w/^ r>r^^ > m *^ m^^*j>-r*-n-n** lM.*tt«Ml # 19KAiffAnin! > T CTi^«H. 4 »^sr\»^s^s^B«»s^si#\_»» *+*+ *+** m ¦i/^y-i^r^^,^^^
TI^ADINO SJAMfe^\V
\[OEVERY VlSlf GR TO OUR>/
>^ st6re
H AVWMo RELIABLE M AIAVitYS" RELIABLE
P!£38-1230HaRKETST.«^ u ST«-»
AMUSEMENTS. '
wULUme&_ll4 LEADING THEATRi
Last Four Nights — Two Matinees.
Amelia Bingham
And Her Company In Clyde Fitch's Playi.
MATINEB TO-DAY.
"THE CLIMBERS."
To-NIght....*THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON;'
Thursday Night "THE CLIMBERS.
Friday Night "THE CLIMBERS.'
Mat. Sat.. ."THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON.
Sat. Night.. "THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON."
Beginning NEXT MONDAY. August 3.
"THE COMEDIAN YOU ALL KNOW
EZRA KBNDALL
In Hit Great Starrlns Comedy Success.
"THE VINEGAR BUYER. 0
A License For Laughter.
Seat Sale Commences Thursday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). July29-
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, any cart except reserved. 10c.
VALID VAUDEVILLE!
Mme. Konorah; James J. Morton;
Macart's Ddfes and Monkeys;
Claudius and Corbin; Claude Oil-
lingwater and Company; Ethel
Levey; Orpheus Comedy Company
Four; Three Polos and the Bio-
graph.
IpAblFORHTTr
UA Dramatic Triumph. &¦&
NEILL-MOBOSCO CO. fl 1
Presenting Oenevleve Halne's
r-.— Brilliant Society Drama, -, —
75 HEARTS AFLAME. 7J)
* _ With the most brilliant _^.
OO "tag* effects ever e«en. Sfl
** v Six Nights Only. ****
O* Prices— 75c. 50c. 25c. Bar- ?>v
*** rain Mat. Thursday— 50c. 25c •****
Souvenir Matinee Saturday.
——- Next Sunday Night, "Ja-
jVt nice Meredith," the Greatest m
H Ij of All. } %*
IHEATKUI.
AT n A A T^ Belaseo & Mayer,
ALCAZAR aw&e*
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
GREATEST TRIUMPH OF
WHITE WHITTLESBY
In the First Ban Francisco Production of Hall
Calne'a Master Work,
THE MANXMAN
As played Only in England by Wilson Barrett
and In America by James O'Neill.
Evgs.,25c to 75c; Mats.Thurs. & Sat., 15c to 60c
Next— THE BUTTERFLIES.
E7Watch for the Greatest of Rural Plays.
THE DAIRY FARM.
SUTRO _HEIGHTS.
SATURDAT AND SUNDAY AFTERNOONS
AND EVENINGS. Aucust 1 and 2.
4 OPEN-AIR PERFORMANCES— 4
Monster Testimonial to
NANCE O'NEIL
Who Will Make Her First Appearance aa
"ROSALIND" In a Magnificent
Production of
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
. An Unequaled Cast. Including
James J. Corbett
At "Charles," the Wrestler.
Reserved Seats. $1 and $1 50.
On Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.*s.
AND VALISES AT
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES
J. MARTY, 22 TURK ST.
Factory &26 Howard St.
V7EEKLY CALL, $1 PEB YEAB.RELATIVE SIZE
OF THE BOXERS
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.)
First race— Monte Carlo, DnellM,
Yellow Tail.
Second race— Water Tower, Meri
to. Homentead.
Third race — Black Socks, M. Theo.
Flower. .
Fourth race— Rosetlnt, Dnke of
Kendnll, Albelrny.
Fifth raoi- S«llnr Knot, The Bon>
t-ry. The Brown .Monarch.
M»th race— Young Henry, Irish
Jewel, Merito.
HTJBLBUBT IN DISGRACE.
Is Put Off the Field at Portland by
Umpire McDonald.
PORTLAND. July 28.— (Paclne Coast
League) — San Francisco won an eleven In
ning game to-<day by hard bitting and
clever base running. In the last half of
the ninth inning Portland, by a close decision.
was enabled to send four men around and tie
the score. In the ninth, after - Herr had been
touched up for three safe hit*, he retired and
Iberg finished the tamr. Hurlburt was put oft
the grounds for using 'insulting language to
the umpire. Score:
R. H. E.
San Fr&acitco. .4 000102000 S— 10 IS 3
Portland 20000100401—8 8 5
Batteries — Heir. Iberg and Jacobs; Thielman
and Hees. Umpire — McDonald.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 28. — The locals
bunched three two-baggers and a single in tha
first Inning to-day and won the game. But
two hits were made off Fitzgerald after that.
Hughes pitched good ball and was given per
fect support in the field. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 3 000 0 00 lx — 4 6 0
Sacramento .....0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 — 1 8 6
Batteries— Hughes and Boettlger; Fitzgerald
and Graham. Umpires — Sample and Thomas.
The Rev. Dr. Henry M. Field, the last
of the famous Field brothers, reached
his eighty-flrst birthday a few davs ago.
He i« li\-ing at present at Stockbridge.
but will spend the summer as usual at
his Lenox home. Dr. Field was for
many years editor of the New York
Evangelist.
North Carolina and Mississippi have
State schools for the study of textile fab
rics. "/,.,-,. . '¦'->'¦
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
(By the Chlcaxo Inter Ocean.)
Flmt race— Xannie Hodge, Sure
tie, Trompi-nnp.
Second met Dob Franklin, Gal
ba. Floyd Iv.
Third race Bralare, John Fetera,
Oronte.
Fourth race Grand Opera, Sidney
C. Love, Wnrte Meht.
Fifth race— Moabina, Meehannn,
Pronta.
Sixth race— Auditor, Martins, Pat
Hamilton.
Laying aside the pugilistic * end ; of ; it
for the nonce Bob . Fitzsimmons and his
charming, bride are making a. neck and
neck finish of it with the, champion these
days for the admiration of the summer
boarders. The voice of "the talented mem
ber of the "When Johnny Comes March
ing Home" company^' has proved * a 'wel
come addition to the^springs ' talent.' ¦ Bob
looks as - happy' as . on the occasion when
that Bolar. plexus" punch retired Jim * Cor
bett at Carson, bringing . Fitz : fame ' and
fortune. Bob has his troubles,* too.:-: His
pet gopher. snake is seriously- ill from an
pen from this time on. Brownie,
the poor little mountain bear that caused
a sensation in the sporting world by. help
ing himself to a hunk out of Champion
Jim Jeffries* off leg, "has been- expelled
from the kindergarten class and' in his
solitude appear3.t0.be keenly feeling his
disgrace.
The champion began light work again
Monday and Trainer Billy Delaney says
the big boiler-maker from the land ' of
oranges and steep hotel rates will bo
ready to step into the ring on! August 11,
fit and ready. Manager "Kid" Eagan did
not appear quite so sanguine, but De
laney says Jeff will be on hand if he has
but one leg to stand on.
In sizing up the situation and referring
to Jim Corbett's statement that he would
claim the 52500 forfeit money if a post
ponement were asked for, Delaney said,
"Of course, Corbett would be entitled to
the money and eo would the club, but
there is no need for any anxiety on that
score." Both Eagan and Delaney. ap
peared nettled over Corbett's contention
that Jeffries was endeavoring to side
step the ex-champion. "If our man. is
afraid of Corbett," said Eagan, "why
didn't Corbett sign 'winner to take all..';'!-
In the mind of both manager and. trainer
that seemed an argument strong enough
to preclude any shirking on Jeffries'
part. In all, the champion- has enjoyed
a respite from work of about four : days
and his trainer says it has done ' him
good. Jeffries certainly has not the look
of an invalid or a convalescent. Hla'face
is the picture of health and with the short
runs he will soon indulge in on the road
Delaney claims he will do to ; face any
kind of a battery of ripping upper cuts,
straight lefts or right-hand wallops.
To illustrate that the champion ' is ' rap
idly "setting .back to his feed" he^was
the central figure in a game of. baseball
played in front of, the hotel after dinner
Monday evening. ¦ Jim's terrific slides be
tween bales have been a' feature
of the game here, but at Trainer • Dela
ney's request he. occupied the pitcher's
box throughout ' Monday night's , contest,
lest the injured limb. might receive a set
back. Judge Quinn' of Emeryville ; picked
files from the clouds that seemed, an im
possibility! : Billy Delaney, on first/looked
for air the world like "Big. Bill' Everett
of the Colorado Springs team.. Mine Host
Jim Hayes held down the "second bag in
a manner that, would set (Hank . Harris
seeking his signature. . ¦ Dick Adams, a
well known San Francisco hotel man,
made some pickups at short that brought
down the v bleachers. ;Jack- Jeffries han
dled his brother's drops and curves after
the style of Leahy of the Frlscos, while
Fitzsimmons batted as fiercely as - Lajoie
ever did. . ' —
yx tt ARBIN SPRINGS, July 28.—
l-^jj There will be no postponement
if I of the Jeff rles-Corbett fight un-
•^Tj/less the unforeseen should hap-
LATEST PHOTOGRAPH OF JEFFRIES. TAKEN AT HARBIN SPRINGS ON MONDAY, WHEN HE WAS BOXING
WITH FITZSIMMONS. THIS SHOWS THE CHAMPION IN MUCH BETTER CONDITION PHYSICALLY
THAN HAS BEEN SUPPOSED. " . .,..'¦:. ¦¦ " T .'
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Pat
Hammon 108. Blue Garter 108. Auditor 108.
Martius 10K, Gus Quarles 103. Father Tallant
10s. T.---1 French 103, Black Wolf 103, George
H. Ilainson 100.
Fifth race, one mile — Jim Clark 116. Mee
hanus 114. Max Bendlx 131, Charlie Grainger
109, Bud Emery 109. Alum Water 109, Maple
105. Major Dlxon 106. Moor 106. Pronta 105,
Marlon Lynch 104, Mr. Timberlake 104, Pom
pey 104. Ermack 102. Moalina 102.
Fourth race, one mile — Grand Opera 107,
Talpa 102. Marchmont II 94, Warte NIcht 94,
Sidney C. Love 94.
Third race, eix furlonz*. handicap — John
Peter? 110, Oronte 105, Brulare 112. Father
WenUter 112, First Chip 108. Delagoa 105, Ran
Gallant 100. (John Peters and Oronte, Hlldreth
entry.)
First race, four and a half furlongs — Badger
Girl 112. Trompeuse 109, Nannie Hodge 10t>,
O'er the Rhine 105, Miss Coughlln 105. Katie
Powers 105, Sweetie 105. Buriy Lassie 105, Red
Bird lor.. Witchcraft 105. Mai Wells 100. Miss
Mollie 105. Liberty Bell 100.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Prodigal Son 110, Kentucky Cardinal 108,
Galba 108. Safeguard 107, Sailor's Dream 107.
Floyd K 103. Pirate 107, Bob Franklin 105.
Orfeo 304. Lady Matchless 103. Nimble Nag
10.1. Sir Hugh 100, La Honda 98. Mamselle 98,
Mi Rclna 98.
CHICAGO, July 28. — Weather clear; track
fast. Hawthorne entries:
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
SIXTn RACE— One and a quarter miles;
selling:
B«tting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Fading Light, 87 (Wilson) 1113
13 to 5 — Wing Dance. 100 <Otls>... 6 4 2n
5 to 1 — Barney Burk. 62 (Phillips) 7 2 3 2
Time, 2:07 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Durnell & Herz's ch. f. by Kingston-
Sundown. Greenock 107, Queen Victoria 102,
The Ladean 105. Lady Chorister 102, Prairie
Dog 'M and Blocker 'M also ran.
Time, 1:013-5. Start, good. Won easily.
Winner. W. A. Blagg'S'ch. g. by Bonnie Joe-
Bell Decker. Elwood »9. Sol Smith 104, Hel
gerson 107, Dorice 97, Ralph Young 104,
Brookwood Belle 101, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
20 to 1 — Touchstone. 105 (Phillips). 3 3 1 2^
5 to 2— Salto, 103 (Adkins) 4 2 22
7 to 2 — Cognomen. 90 <L. Wilson) 7 5 3 2&
FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter miles:
telling: . I
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «; Fin.
14 to 5 — Hayward Hunter. 99 (J.
Booker) 5 2 lh
8 to B— Aur Bessie, 82 (L. Wilson) 4 12 6
2 to 1— Baroa, 99 <Adklns) 2 3 32
Time. 2:07. Start rood! Won easily. Win
ner. C. K. Burdeau's ch. g.^jy Handspring-
The Lioness. Compass 97, Zaze! 1W2, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. K F| n#
8 to 1— Brulare. 90 <L. Wilson)... 4 5 1 n
7 to 2— Ahola. 94 (Helgesen) 2 1 2 ns
7 to 1— The GIveY. 105 (Wonderly) 5 3 3 ns
Time. 1:41. Start perfect. AVon driving.
Winner, W. W. Darden & Co.'s b. m. by Brad
ford-Hard to Tell. Haviland l(x>, Huzzah »6,
Bragg 10S. also ran. . *
Time, 1:13 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. B. Schrclber'a ch. f. by Bairowart-
Parolee. Toah 111, The Crisis 98. Wolfram 100,
Tabellaflus 100, Rangallant 100, also ran.
The second race also provided good
sport, with eight excellent sprinters con
testing. Sylvia Talbot proved to be the
best. ' The weather was cloudy and hot,
the track fast. Summary: ,
FIRST H ACE— Five furlongs; Belling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
13 to 10 — Requlmls, 101 (Helgesen) 5 'i 1 h
» to 1 — Henry Lyons, 98 (Bonner) 3 S 2 >i
CO to 1— Apolllnaris, »t$ (WilsonJ.10 « 3h
Time, 1 :02. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. E. Corrlgan's b. c. by Requital-Miss Win
kle. Chapel 103, lianwHl W, Freckman 103,
Frank Carr 97, George R. Harrison 100, BUI
Nolan 101, Spencerian 96, nls>o ran. .
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Su % Fin.
2 to 1— Sylvia Talbot. US (Phillips) 3 1 11
ti to 1— L'Etrienne. 109 <J. Relffi. 2 3 2
10 to 1— M. McCafferty, 93 (Wlsn) 4 2 3 ',4
CHICAGO, July 28.— The third race, a
handicap, at Hawthorne was the feature
of to-day's card and supplied one of the
closest finishes seen this season. Brulare,
at 8 to 1, beat Ahola by a neck, while
Ahola, The Giver, Huzzah and Haviland
were only noses apart.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles. Dun
ton stales, three-year-olds — Rosetlnt 10«. Colon
say 113, Dekaber 38. Sheriff Bell 120, Duke of
Kendall 115. Tugai Bey 108. Athelroy 108.
. 'Fifth race, six furlongs. Felling, two-year*
. <l«s — Marlboro 106. L»e Harrison 97. The Brown
' Slonarch 102. Bonibino »7. Donnelly 102. Hands
T'p 100. Eclectic 303. Sailor Knot 107, Gold Tip
•J)7. Xed Moore 102, Monitor 99, The Boacry
ft7. Auf Welder-sehn 98. Ointment 95. Honey
. Eee 104, Silent Water 102. TKhonic 102.
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, eell
•ip.g, three ycar-clfls and up — Squanto 06, Deka-
V-er 04, Merito 106, Cryptogram 10S. Courtmald
9". Irish Jewel III. Ella Enyder 96. Young
• Herrj- 115. Lord Badge 115, Sublimity 10L
• Florhazn Queen 108, Condiment 103.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-oid fillies — Miss Shylock. Anna Hast
inpK. Caddie Mac, BcMe of Portland. Short
<*ake. St. Roma. M. Theo, Clear the Arena.
Zeiller, Privilege. Black Socks. Flower, Sea
¦Gate. Glad Smile, Lida Lelb, Revelation,
all 112.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Khitai 105, Ethics 106. Athelroy lOtt,
Merito 105. Lord Advocate 102, Homestead 106.
Hambo 10*. Water Tower 106, Reformer 103.
Rlue Victor PR. Marcrllian 04, Bar 1« Due 101.
<'arro21 D Id. • Leip^ic 08, Ella Snyder S6,
Lady Mistake 84, Alslke 103. Justice 101, Far
£n!ass 10ft.
Firrt race, tsix furlongs, handicap — Yellow
Tail 122. Northern Star 122. Invincible 107,
3C)ueliet 302. Roue W2. Monte Carlo 100, Wealth
VS. St. Sever £»0.
. N'ETV TORI?. July 28. — Weather clear; track
la-st. Jamaica entries:
JAMAICA ENTBIES.
Time. 1:47. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, F. Clarkson's b. t. by HalRia-Venlta.
Ptonewall 110. Williamstead 110, King Carter
310. R. Garth 110, Polite 107. Passbook 107.
Negative 103, Air.inte 107. Velos 107. Colonel
Rorer 1W>. N'ic Lonrworth 110. East Kelxton.
J«>7. Lord Staling 107. White Crest 310, Earl
of Norfolk 107. Vat-tray 107. also ran.
'SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards
run*; maidens; three-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
. K to 1— M. Richardson, 106 (Hcks) 3 115
25 to 1 — Thoughtless, 103 (Doyle).. 8 3 2 n
20 to 1— The Dancer, 107 (Calahani 5 2 3 1
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three- year-olds
and upward; tellinr:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St *i Fin.
11 to S — Syrlin. 114 (Kobertson). 1115
«i to 1 — Our Xugpet. 104 (Cochm) 8 8 2 h
1C><* to 1 — Choete. 103 CU'ainvright) 8 2 S ».£
• Time, 1 :14. Start poor. Won ¦»a«ily. Win
ner. J. Robertson 1 * ch g. by St. Savlor-Kassle.
True Blue IOC, Judge Fulton 90, Cinrinnatus
!«r?. Tim D Jr. US. Locket 110 Little Jack
Homer 102. Dr. Bissell 93. Star and Garter 94,
.Stella W 104. Annie Grace 107. Invasion 104,
Lowly 90. Brlxton 102. also ran.
. FOURTH RACK— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap; all ages.
Batting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St «i Fin.
• 9 to 1 — April Shower*, 90 (Cal
lahan) 2 1 12
7 to r.— G. WhitTler, 105 (Gannon) 3 2 2 8
9 to .'¦ — Daisy Green. 102 (Fuller). 13 3 2
Time, 1 :47 H-5. Start cood. Won driving.
Winn»r.. J. A. <~aesar"s ch. h. by Alf-Estell
Raindrop. Gsviota H5, Daly HO, Agnes D 1»S,
aiso raa.
Time. 1 :t'S. Start fair. Won clevely. Win-
Tipr, ttn\O9 Stable' f br. f. by Ft. Uatien-Darine.
NaiTieokl 112. Vagary 105. Hoi>eful Miss U4,
\u>-^ay »4, Flortwl KH, The Ikmery JotJ,
Luminosity 102, also ran.
' THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Gr<»ern>!d Ffllinj: stakec; two-y^ar-wlds:
i^ttini;. Horse. Welgtit. Jockey. PL »i Fin.
s to 1— Ishlana. 1K> il^arson) 8 4 12
1«5 to R— Apn^s Brennan, '.W <IIack) 2 2 2 2
«t» to 1— Short Cake. S»4 (Dfsoura). ?. 8 3 n
* Time, 1:47 l-.V Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. W. M. Barrlck* blk. c. by Faverdale-
Xun. Pittam* 92. Scoffer 102, Harkensack
jofl. Solora 9^. O^neral Yrt% HH. Chicle 90.
U^yal Pirate !•$. Squid »7, Pastoral 9.\ Isle of
AVight 9it, Hflen C. S. »(• also ran.
SECOND RACT— One mile and seventy
yards; thr<^-year-old?; selling:
HetUnjr. Honw, Woigrht Jockej-. St. «i Fin.
•R to :;— Ospood. 104 tCorhran) 3 1 1 >£
-*• to 2— R'ngtiow. 10<J «Gannon>... ti 2 2 3
>> to 1— Albanv C:rl. H« (MtH?afty> » 4 3 4
Tim*. 1:07 4-f-. good. Won driving.
Winner, A. Miller's ch. f. by Horoscope-White
Rose. Dinah Shad 106, Mohican 104. Adel
TrrMa 104, Gendarme 104, aJso nn.
The Greenfield selling stakes, the fea
ture of the card, furnished the first defeat
of a favorite^Nameokl. Nameoki looked
an easy winner on form and thousands
of dollars were wagered on him at 4 to 5.
"The colt ran many pounds below his true
form. He had little speed at any Etage
of the race and was in distress at the
<T.d, evidently being short of work. Ish
'Jana won cleverly. Summary:
•FIHST HACK— Five end a half furlongrs;
) urte; iwo-year-olds :
Hettir.*. How. Weight. Jorkey. St. *i Fin.
" T to 10 — Itlvination. 104 <Uannon) 3 i 11
S to J— Thistle Heather. 104
• Fuller) 6 4 22
30 to 3 — Pftunla, 3<I9 <Cochran>.. 12 3 6
•• JA3IAICA RACETRACK. July 2S.-
There was an Inclination on the part of
players to dodge favorites this afternoon
because of the wholesale slaughter of first
choices that occurred yesterday. The
players were wrong, as usuaL Divination
won the first race at the very short price
of 3 to 5, but in euch commanding fashion
as the odds indicated. Osgood, an 8 to 5
favorite, won the second race from end to
end.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ishlana Beats Him in the
Greenfield Stakes at
Jamaica.
Four Horses Behind Winner
Come Under the Wire
Noses Apart.
Brulare Beats Ahola by
a Neck, at Haw
thorne.
Jolt Hitherto Consistent
Gives Talent a
Shock.
NAMEOKI RUNS
IN POOR FORM
EXCITING FINISH
IN A HANDICAP
In the .- Five . Sets Played ' Spectators
Are Treated to Some Bare
r / : ;~\C^/ Tennis.- ¦- ¦'_ j> : .
[July 28.— The tennis followers
who went' to ilxmgwocd to-day, to see the
finals in, the, 'cup singles were given a rare
treat ¦ in • the , five-set match between
Iiarnedr and - ; Ward. 'Ward took the • first
set." 6— 3, and if he couldhave kept.up the
pace he • undoubtedly would have v won out.
As he. weakened, however. Lamed came
up, " and although .Ward took the third at
9t-7 . Lamed • followed with two easy wins
at'. 6--2 r and 6—1. '. ' ' ' '." -
'.The win, this afternoon gave Lamed the
right t challenge 'W. ,- J.. Clothier, the
winner ' last ; year, ? for possession ' of : the
cup."?. The match will': be . played to-mor?
ii urn " *'Tiiip>iiiMyTiniwiffjwMii"i . '
The results: Lamed ¦ beat : ; Waxd 4 3—6,
LABNED ; DEFEATS WABD IN '
- CTTP FINALS AT L0NGW00D
PITCHERS ABE HABD HIT.
Game Between Helena and Tacoma
Develops Into a Slugging Match.
. TACOMA, Wash., July 28.— (Pacific Na
tional League.) — St. Vraln's support to-day
was miserable. The game was a slugging
match v throughout and poorly played. A one
handed stop by Siegler, • robbing Fay of a
clean hit and cutting off a run at the plate,
was the feature. Score:
V E. H. B.
Helena 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 6—11 13 2
Tacoma 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 2 0—9 16 4
Batteries— Carter and Carrisch; St. Vrala
and Byers. Umplre^ — Houston.
' SPOKANE. Wash.. July 28. — Spokane was
unable to effectively connect with Johnson
thia afternoon. Los Angeles bunched their
bits in the sixth. The gama was fast ana re
plete with brilliant fielding. Attendance 950.
SCOTe: R. H. E.
Spokane 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0— 2 • 7 1
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 8 0 0 0-8 11 2
Batteries — Johnson and Hlldebrand; Carney
and Zaluskey. Umpire — Warner.
BUTTE. Mont., July 28. — Roach was easy
for San Francisco and enough hits were se
cured off him by tho visitors to clinch the
Batteries— Roach. Thomas and Swindells;
Glendon and Zearfoss. Umpire— Colgan.
SEATTLE. July 2S.— There wa3 n» Paciflo
National game to-day on account of non-ar
rival of Salt Lako team.
game. Butte' ¦ fielding wu poor and sweral
costly errors helped »weU tha tcora for t&a
Calirornlans. Score: ' r. H B.
Butte ..400 100120-8 W 4
San Francisco. .0 4 18 0 0 0 3 0—11 " 4
WOODLAND. July 2S.— Horses belong
ing to D. X. Bigelow. Grlgsby & Lowa
and Tryon & Silva were shipped to Se
attle to-day and will be entered in tho
Oregon circuit. These animals have been
trained here in anticipation of a district
fair. The veto of the district fair appro
priations has driven many horseman out
of the State.
Woodland Horses for Seattle.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Firnt race—Kentucky- Muddle,
Ml»* Gnid|, Goody-
Second race Angclee, Athena,
S*veet Myrtle.,
Third race Lord Hermence,
Scalper. Huffier.
Fourth race— Kindred, Helen
Print. Dentfichland.
Fifth rncp — Plrnteer, Jndpe Can*
trill. Olonets.
Sixth race— Impetuous, Alymer
Bruce, Alsaretta.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Corbett's seven weeks of wrestling with
Kenny and Berger have equipped him so
that it would; take no mean expert at
that game. to. put him on tho flat of his
back'. ., Kenny, and Berger : state that Jim
will, do, the turn of^ Charles, the wrestler,
better than: Charles .himself, ever did it.
In 'his ".fifteen 'rounds of boxing, which
Corbett ".went. through. in the morning, he
took on Kenny, for five rounds, Berger for
the same number of. rounds and punched
.the ' bag. for * five ; rounds.
the stage— Jim was .on top and. Ed ward
was underneath.
; -Britt Is keeping steadily at work in Aia
meda.-His hand .has not troubled him and
he • has • no f fear of its • failing him on Fri
day, night. .-.-¦ -?;> ¦'•¦>": .
They are not figuring on Britt having it
on.' O'Keefe on condition, as the latter
seems trained. to the hour. His weight is
hovering about the 133-pound mark and
he looks big and strong. He did his last
heavy work yesterday. The principal item
on his programme of Indoor work was a
five-round boxing and wrestling bout with
big, Dave Barry, who outweighs him fully
thirty pounds. The rounds were of five
minutes duration. O'Keefe is a good two
handed .'hitter. Is an excellent judge ot
distance and' is well balanced on a sturdy
pair of legs.. His muscles are flat and do
not stand out in bold relief. He uses
straight blows,., which [. seem. to. have tre
mendous force behind them, although
they travel but a few inches.
• He has a phenomenal reach, his spread
of .arms being almost as great as that of
Jeffries and - the other heavy-weights.
¦ night in Mechanics' Pavilion. It Is
expected the price will go to 2 to 1 before
the' men enter the ring. These odds hard
ly, seem justified on public form, O'Keefe
having won from Britt once oh a foul and
then fighting him a sensational draw. The
men who make a study of the vagaries
of wagering say the sporting men of this
city undoubtedly figure that Britt has a
shade the best of it, and they expect to
win ¦ back the money they lost up north,
and . also _ the bookmakers' commissions
they paid on the draw at Butte.
/ BRITT has been installed a
I strong 6 to 10 choice over Jack
II O'Keefe for their third -meeting,
which will take place on Friday
Batteries— Patten and Klttredre; Plank,
Henley and Powers.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST LOUIS. July 23.— Cleveland won tha
final "(tame of the series with St. Louis this
afternoon with ease. Bradley* s batting waa
the feature. Attendance. 1500. Score:
T» TJ XT
St. Louis 2 «*
Cleveland 10 13 1
F.atterles — Powell and Sugden; Moors and
Bern is.
BOSTON, July 2S. — Boston tcored asother
shutout to-day against New York. Hughea
pitched masterly ball. Attendance. 6100.
Soor ' : n. H. . a
mcVk-v"":.:::::::::r. 5 1 !
Batteries — Hughes and Criger; Griffith aad
BevlUe.
PHILADELPHIA. July 23.— Tha Washington
team gave tha Champions quits a scars in tha
ninth inning and it took an extra inning for
tho home team to win. Henley relieved PlanSc
after Washington tied the- score la the nlr*^
inning. Attendance. 450O. Score:
R. H.
Washington 3 12 •
Philadelphia 4 9 3
Defeats Pittsburg, 10 to 5, Touching
XTp Phillippi for Six
teen Hits.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI. July 2S.— Cincinnati eailly
took the third game of the series from Pitts
burg to-day. Phillippi. who has always been
a ouzzle for Cincinnati, was touched up for
sixteen hits. Attendance. 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati lj> 1
Plttsbure 5 .
Batteries — Hahn and Bergen; Phillippi and
Smith. Umpire — O'Day.
BROOKLYN. July 2S. — Batting honors were
evenly divided between Philadelphia and Brook
lyn to-day, but the visitors bunched their hits
when an extra inning was necessary and won
the same. Attendance, 2400. Score: '
it. n. e.
Philadelphia 15 15 0
Brooklyn 10 • 15 °
Batteries — Mitchell. Duggleby and Dooln:
Garvin and Jacklitch. Umpire — Emslie.
NEW YORK. July 28.— Inability to hit Wil
lis was the cause of New York being defeated
by Boston in th» second game of the series to
day. Attendance, 4400. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston .......... 0 -<*N }
New York 3-5 1
Batteries — Willis and Moran; Matthewson.
Bowerman. Umpire — Johnstone.
CHICAGO, July 28.— The local* batted
O'Neill all over the field in the five innings he.
pitched to-day, stole bases at will and profited
on nearly all of tho visitors' mlsplays. Attend
ance. 1200. Score: r h r
Chicago ...". 9 a i ?
St. Louis 2 8 T
Batteries— Taylor. Kllng and Raub: M.
O'Neill. Brown and J. O'NoUl. Umpirec-
Moran.
CINCINNATI EASILY TAKES .
THIRD GAME OF SEBIES
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Mada Belle
103. Alsareta 104, Dr. Hart 105. Lady Obey 103.
Judge Pettus 107, Impetuous 99. Parnassus 105.
Harry Griffith 93. Una Price 107. Aylmer Bruce
89. Cotton Plant 107.
ST. LOUIS. July 28. — Weather clear; track
fast. Delmar entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Haddlngton
105. Aline S 10O. Axares 96, Caelana 98. Poyntz
110, Clinton B 107. Kentucky Muddle 103, Leon
De 91, Goudy 91, Lou Beach 96, Step Away 107.
Topsey Over 89, Mons. Guido 105.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Anna
Hardy 90, Haven Run 107, Tiomalne 93. Bird
Pond 100. Mendon 103. St. Roche 106. By Right
95 Sweet MyrtT> 95, Sartor Resartus 103,
Quaker Girl 101. Angelee 100. Athena 106.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Lonlana 10O. Scalper 108, Brancas 111, Maxrosa
108. Lord Hermence 111, Bugler 111.
Fourth race six furlongs, handicap — Belvlno
10U, Deutchland 100, Foundling 10«,- Travers
109, Helen Print 10C, Kindred 106, Mabel Winn
96. Hilee 108, Bas d*Or 112.
Fifth race, one mile, selling 1 — Altra Vires 102,
Judge Cantrill 97, Olonetz 105, Never Such 102.
Ranchman 105, Bisuka 100, Sid Silver 102. Pira.
teer 109.
DELMAB ENTEIES.
Time, 1:56. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J. W. O'Neill & Co.'s ch. c. by Donatello-
Eplnal. Kinloch Park 108. Latson 105. Gin
spray 105, Pierce J 106, Dr. Carrlck 108, Brown
Vail 103. Cast Iron 10«. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey.. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Tony Lepping.lOu (N.Smlth) 2 3 1 h
2 to 1— Lasso. 98 (Bridewell) « 2 22
7 to 1— Morris Volmer. 108 (A. W.
Baker) 4 4 3 6
Time, 1:28%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. J. Coffej-'s b. f. by Montana-
Merry Peeress. Alflo W. Mlmo 103. Sherry 107.
King Rose 103. Lynch 98, Miss West 100. also
ran.. -?*--.¦
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
13 to 1— Mont. Peeress. 98 (Bybee) 5 115
7 to 2— Ivernia, 109 (Troxler) 4 3 2 1
7 to 1— Hobart. Ill (D. Austin).. 9 5 3 h
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Forehand, 110 (Bridewell) 2 113
4 to 1— Ralnland, 115 (Troxler).. 3 2 2 5
6 to 1— Imboden, 105 (W. Watson) 8 5 3 n
Time. 1:16%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. C. Bennett * Co.'s ch. c. by Handsel-
Foreseen. Wreath of Ivy 104, Ingolthrift 105,
also ran.
Time, 1:22^. Start ./good. Won handily.
Winner, J. T. Johnson's b. g. t>y Grayson-Wil
lie Stiff. Dr. Hart 102, La Rouge 106, Tempt
ress 108, Charles C 100, Lena Baxr 104. Welles
ley 104, Submarine 97, Meddlesome 99, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; iell
ing. r ¦¦-¦ * ¦•-•.:
Betting.. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Weird. 104 (A. W. Baker) 4 2 11
9 to 1— Nrthern Spy,107 (E.Austn) 6 5 2 lYi
15 to 1— Mollie T, 10U (Donegan).. 3 4 3 n
SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles;
selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
18 to 5 — Ida Pnzance,103 (W.Wtsn) 4 2 1 n
3 to 1 — Little Lois. 103 (J.Sheehn) 1 1 2 12
20 to 1— The Fiddler. 105 (Sayers).lO 9 3 n
Time, 1:56^4. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. O^ell & Co.'a b. m. by Pirate of
Penzance-Mlss Ina. Daddy Bender/ 90. Hanan
107, Fonspray 105, Class Leader 92. Varner 100,
Hiss Eon 90, Florrle S 96, Oton Clay 103, Max
zara 110. also ran.
Time, :56%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. T. A. Gay & Co.'s br. f. by Lamplighter-
Performance. Soson 98. Bush Smith 108. Allo
grette 108, Mrs. Malaprop 103, / Plnky B 103,
Bride 103, Sextette 103, Black Enough 103,
Buzzy 108. also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 28.— The fourth race,
a six furlong event for two-year-olds,
was the feature of a very ordinary card
at Delmar to-day. Five starters faced the
barrier in the event, with Forehand a
hot public favorite. There was but little
attraction in fne other five races. Weath
er clear, track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
Belling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Ftlghts. Favrte.108 (Hgns) 1 1 1 *4
«J to 1 — Caryota, 108 (Troxler) 2 6 23
6 to 1— Our Llllie, 10S (W. Watson) 3 2 3 8
gceclal Dlapatch to The Call
NEW YORK, July 23.— A meeting of the
presidents of baseball leagues to consider
a national agreement was held here to
day. Henry Harris of San Francisco
and James F. Morley of Los Angeles,
Cal.. representing the Pacific Coast
League; P. J. Hickey of the American
Association, and Harry Pulllam of the
National League were among those pres
6I M. H. Sexton of Colorado Springs, pres
ident of the Western League, entered the
hotel just before the meeting began ana
went into conference -with the others. It
Is understood the minor leagues will de
mand that the reserve rule be enforced.
"When Ban Johnson was In the city last
week he said that no matter what agree
ment was made the American Leagua
clubs would stand by their contracts' wltft
their players. The contracts run from
two to three years, that being the only
way the American League could get the
star players of the older league to desert
or sign contracts with the new league.
In the old league the contracts usually
stand for the playing season only.
Barney Dreyfusa. of the Pittsburs team,
had a talk with President Powers. He
said he was here on private business.
The conference adjourned at 2:30. air.
Pulliam said he and Mr. Powers had met
as a committee and Invited the others to
meet with them. An informal talkwas
had, but no plan was mapped out. There
will be another sess5on to-morrow.
Footlight's Favorite Takes a
Selling Event at Odds
of 12 to 1.
Minor Leagues Will Ask for
Enforcement of the
Reserve Bale.
Easily Annexes Purse in
Two- Year-Old Race
at Delmar.
Magnates of the East
and West Meet to
Discuss.
FOREHAND WINS
FROM RAINLAND
BASEBALL MEN
IN CONFERENCE
; Actor-Puglllst ¦"' James ' J. Corbett prac
ticed both of his professions yesterday -at
his "training quarters: in 'Aiameda- *. He
boxed'flfteen swift '.rounds with his two
sparring partners, SanvBerger, and Yank
Kenny, and ¦ the 'punching • bag , and re-]
hearsed his part as Charles, the wrestler;
in' "As You Llke.lt," 'In '* which he is \ to
appear "next -Saturday and : Sunday -with
Nance O'Nell in open air performances at
Sutro ¦ Heights. In addition ) to i repeating
his linos Actor Jim engaged In a practice
wrestling; bout * with Actor Edward ' Rat
cliff e,- • who ¦ is to jbe^ his - opponent in "As
You L4ke '• It." Corbett'B knowledge of
the sport of j grapple ; and ¦ throw and J his
excellent * physical * condition ' were too
much- forj Ratcliffe', but the . latter- clung
to ! shifty Gentleman James Luntil ; he ": per
spired like a saturated sponge/ Ratcliffe
won ' one fall and j announced • that - he felt
he : had earned ; fame^enough ) to Mast him
the ; remainder jof.J the ; week.> . ,"Wtien the
struggling actors went 'to the mat Corbett
was generally; In'.' the* position' •of !the] cur-,
tain* and " Ratcliffe was ¦ In • the' position", of
Rehearses His Part in "As You XMke
It" With Actor Bat
: ¦ cliffe. . •
CORBETT AS; A^WRESTUJB.
Jeffries himself ' didn't ' say. much, al
though he did let slip the remark, with
a chuckle, that he'd . almost be willing | to
throw a fight . : to r see Tommy separate
himself from that amount. Looks like
there might be some hearty handshaking
If Ryan should conclude *.to go In Cor
bett's corner on the 14th of August. . -•:-.
From all; accounts there will be a crowd
of Easterners to see the big fight • Billy
Delaney has a- letter from Bob: Deady,
the well-known Philadelphia sport^ stating
that he and Billy Clarkson will head a big
delegation which will leave the Quaker
Clty^for California on August L- Tom
Hallahan also- writes ; to look out for, a
flock of the boys from El ; Paso, Texas.
WBSS*-- ' F. E. MUL.HOL.LAND. >
Judging: from odds and ends of gossip
gathered about the Jeffries camp fire
Tommy Ryan, the middle- weight fighter,
sjtands as well In these diggings as would
a three-card monte man at a camp meet
ing. , Tommy's statement that he would
give $10,000 to see Corbett beat Jeffries as
suredly made a hit - "Why,", said Billy
Delaney, "any time Ryan, parts with ten
thousand it will be when -he Is mixed up
In a BhiDwreck, . has ! the . coin : In ; a belt
about his body and is going down for the
third time." . »<i
*- — ; ..:.'. — r+
attack of bronchitis and in all probability
will die. .
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903.
Trainer Billy Delaney Claims the Ghampion Will Be
Ready to Defend His Title on the Day Specified.
Uimmy Britt Is a Six to Ten Choice Over OXeefe
JEFFRIES SETTLES DOWN TO TRAINING
AFTER FOUR DAYS' RESPITE FROM WORK
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE BASEBALL DIAMOND
O'KEEFE. BRITT.
6 feet 5>4 inches. Height.. 5 feet 6 Inches
72 inches ..../... Reach 65% Inches
13.1 pounds..:... Weight...... 133 pounds
IC',4 inches Neck .15 inches
39 inches Chest 35% \ inches
32 ' Inches Waist. 23 inches
10% inches. ... .Forearm.... .10*4 inches
12% inches .Biceps. 12 Inches
7 inches ..'..Wrist 7 inches
20 inches Thigh 1»% Inches
14 inches ... .Calf. ...."... .13 inches
9»4 Inches Ankle 81% inches
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LENOX
CIGAR
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 B^iw^j mm art
~-v """¦ i T X 1 * f W x» vJ d Ei^"^~ (
In the early days of Blatz brewing the height of beer perfection was
aimed at and achieved. To maintain this standard— to brew that self -same
good beer without variation in flavor or quality became a fixed Blatz ambi-
tion. Every -detail from selection of hops and bartey to the filling of the }
bottles Is a Blatz science. At Club or CaT« or Delivered In Bottles to tia
~,home. \ t
BLATZ MALT-VIVINC * S""-'""*'",^^* purpo.es.
BRAUNSGHWEIQER & CO ., Inc.
__j_ODdJ^Drumm St.. Sap Fropclsco. Telephone Moln 1646.. WbolesaU Dealtrs \" 'Weil, "you made 'ah awful mistake
with that check, didn't 'you?' I blurted
out.'-'' ; . >•' '¦¦ ]' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦: ¦ . ' •
"'Oh, yes, I' did make a mistake,' he
said, 'and here's your money.'
. "I barred the store door, with my ex
tended arms, and all a-tremble with ex
citement shduted, 'I don't want any
money: It's you I. want."
"With that he made a rush- and tried to
duck under my arms. Then I got mad.
struck him and' grappled with the man.
holding him with all the strength I could
summon. Mr. Sagehorn nished out, hear
ing my cries for help, but' I did not let
go until the policeman came."
"Yes, I'm the man, right enough." said
Franklin as he submitted to the gaze Ql
several . victims to-day. "But I'm not go-
Ing crazy over it," he added. '/*..-•
The; detectives are making search for
his antecedents. Franklin Is about 25
swindled to hit him/' said Mrs. Longfel
low. :."Whe». I started out, after sending
Mr. Longfellow away on the search too, I
made up my. mind to get the man.
"When I saw. him go Into Sagehorn's
store, on Sixth street, I followed right after
him, and the fellow, with Chesterfleldlan
politeness, raised his hat and as I accost
ed him said, 'Why, how do you do,
'madam?' ¦..:¦¦- . :
James Franklin Does a Flourishing Business With
Worthless Paper Until Mrs. Charlotte Longfellow
Takes His Trail and Lands Him Behind the Bars
UNAIDED, A PLUCKY OAKLAND WOMAN
CAPTURES A YOUNG CHECK SWINDLER
OAKLAND, July £8.— The Jury In th.e
case of Frank Mendoza, charged with
cattle stealing, was discharged to-night at
8:30 o'clock, having failed to agree on "a
verdict after five and a hall hours* -de-.
Mendoza Jury Disagrees.
OAKLAND. July 28.-Because William
Viers is lying at the Receiving Hospital
dangerously wounded from a .knife cut
a charge of battery long standing against
him was dismissed to-day in the : Police
Court. W. J. Clark was the complain
ant, the alleged offense . having occurred
last December.
Case Against Viers Dismissed.
OAKLAND. July 28.— The ronowln* mar
riape \icenr** vert; ineued by the County Clerk
to-cay: Jchn TV. Bajrcett. Fruitvale, over 21.
nna Carrie OHv»r. Oakland, over 18: Harry A.
Tmtton. 30. and Katherine C. Hoberde. 20. both
rt Oakland: William E. Barnes. ov*r 21, and
Mr*. Ann* B. Hug-he*, .ever 18. both of Oak
land: Richard G. Feeler. 24. and Klla A.
rvans. If. both of Oakland; Arthur Dickinson.
P» and r-o** Atkinson. 34. both of San Fran
d8co: Eamuel J. . Turner. St. Helena, 20, . and
Agnes Ahern, £tn Francisco, 28. ._
Marriage Licenses.
BERKELEY. July 23.^-Captain Frank
W..F0S8, an officer on one of the United
States transports, was taken ill last Sat
urday on the Berkeley train and upon ar
rival at Berkeley went to the home of a
friend, where he was treated by Dr. H.
N. Rowel!: . He was very ill for several
hours, but is now out of danger. Captain
Foss attributes his illness to some peaches
which he ate.
Peaches Make Him Sick.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
gggpR&Sggi&w .Tuesday,' July 2S.
Stror CoquilU ftlver. Dart. Albion.
OUTSIDE, ¦. BOUND IN, MIDNIGHT.
Scbr , Melancthon.
DOMESTIC - PORTS.
TATOOSH— Pasted In July 28 — Bktn Port
land, from Sun Pedro, for Taeoma.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 28— Br ihlp
Sprinfcbank v for Cape Town; Br «tmr.Wyneric,
for. Nomc, ; oceak steamers /
QUEENSTOtVN — Arrived : July 28 — Stmr
Nonrdland,<< from Philadelphia, (or Liverpool,
and proceeded. . •¦ ¦ /»
. JIOVltiLE— Arrived July 2S— Strnr Ethiopia;
from New York, for Glaazow. and proceeded.
ALAMEDA, July 28.— Visitors will be
permitted to inspect the new Andrew Car
negie Library building to-morrow, when
it will bo opened to the 'public for the
first time since the books have been in
stalled. Thursday the circulation of li
brary volumes will be resumed.
Carnegie Library to Open.
BERKELEY, July 28.— Town Trustee
Staats voiced the protests last night be
fore the board of a large number of res
idents against poor service on the Grove
street electric line.' The franchise calls
for cars every fifteen -minutes, but pend
ing reconstruction, which has long been
delayed, the cars are run half-hourly only.
The Oakland Transit Company will ba
notified that it must increase the service
or run chances of losing its franchises.
Complains of Car Service.
OAKLAND. July 28.— Suit was brought
:o-<Jay by Barbara H. WaJHser against the
¦ Oakland Transit "Consolidated for S35.S55
'damages alleged to have been sustained
through having been struck by a car at
Kighth Ftrect and Broadway on the night
of April 25. She claims that her epine was
;><-rmar.ently injured and that the accl
rtcnt v.as due to the careless handling of
the car.
Sues Oakland Transit.
The difference between a cook and a
chef is but a matter of salary. "
• OAKLAND. July 28.— George W. Arper.
director cf the Merchants' Exchange, was
acquitted this morning In the Police Court
\i>' Police Judse Mortimer Smith of a
charge of battery made by J. L. Calla
ghan, a bandmaster. The men quarreled
over th* matt«r of band music for the
Fourth of July procession, of which Arper
was grand marshal, but Arper proved to
day that Callachan had made a threat
ening Gesture with his arm before the
exchange director Jabbed the musician on
the jaw.
Court Acquits Director Arper.
ALAMEDA. July 28.— After reviewing
the circumstances in connection with* the
charge of battery preferred against young
Otto Parsons by aged Benjamin H. Co
nant, and to which Parsons pleaded that
he was technically guilty, as he had
placed his hand on Conant and shoved
him over, Justice F. S. Cone to-day con
tinued sentence for one week.
It appeared from the evidence of the de
fendant and his mother that the old man
had applied vile names to Mrs. I. H. Par
eons within the hearing of her son, who
resented It. , Parsons stated that he or
dered Conant to retire to his room and
cease using vulgar language; that the
complaining witness sprang . at him and
that he pushed the old man back, caus
ing him to fall and bruise his eye.
Young Parsons has always borne a good
reputation and is the sole support of his
mother and invalid father.
Parsons Claims He Was Protecting
Mother' From Epithets of
Aged B. H. Conant.
MITIOATINQ EVIDENCE
IN A BATTEBY TBIAL
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, July 28.
Four small boys, all of them less than
ten years of age, tried to steal Thomas
Stevenson's beehive yesterday morning at
Calais and Falrview streets with results
disastrous. The bees, It seems, were
loaded for boys and they weren't partic
ular Into which part of their anatomies
they sunk their fangs. Now the boys'
faces are swollen so that their own
mothers wouldn't know them. Besides
all this agony, as if it were not halt
enough punishment in the way of retri
bution, the owner of the beehive has
sworn to complaints charging them with
malicious mischief.
The boys are Daniel Alden, Eddie AI
den, Joseph Real and Max Lorett, all of
them having homes in South Berkeley.
Eddie Alden conceived the brilliant idea
yesterday of eating the honey; in Stev
enson's beehive, so they fixed it all up
that they would go after It this morning
before the bees got out of bed.
Before 7 o'clock the boys were on the
scene with. a. single horse and wagon,
prepared to grab the beehive and run off
with it. But the bees were right there
with the stings. The boys first tumbled
the cover of the hive over with a long
stick, having counted on the bees taking
to flight as soon as this was done. But
the bees stayed with the honey. Then
the -miscreants tried putting the whole
thing into the wagon and driving off.
By the time they got it.into the wagon,
however, ..they were, covered with bees,
the horse^ was covered with them and
there was a great yelling and screeching.
The boy a kept brushing the be«s off and
the horse made a break to run away.
Just at this Interesting Juncture the
Rev. W. H. Scudder, pastor of the ' Park
Congregational Church, looked out of his
window : and saw -what was going on.
He v knew the hive did not belong to the
boys, so he | ordered them ] to put it back.
Putting it back was an excruciating job,
but the Rev.: Mr. v Scudder was kind
enough to help; them . by giving them
gunny sacks for protection against the
stings. '•:¦ . ¦ . .'.-'. .•'¦•.'.. ¦; ' '
The would-be robbers . finally retrated
from ; the,' scene* of . their defeat, with no
honey; but lots' of stings. ¦ Now they wait
in fear 'of the constable, and his little
warrant- '' * " ' ''
ALAMEDA, July 2S.— Members of the
Board of Trade are preparing to call
another mass meeting to discuss the mat
ter of the two applications for local
franchise's asked for by the Southern Pa
cific Company and also the plans of the
City Trustees to bring about a speedy
and satisfactory settlement of the rail
road agitation. Some of the merchants
are understood to be opposed to the ac
tion of the City Trustees In selecting
fifty representative residents and proper
ly owners to advise and confer with them
before the City Trustees take any action
on the applications. Thus far the Board
of Trade and the "West End Improvement
Club have managed the public discussions
of the franchises, but the City Trustees
desire to hear every one who wishes
to express himself in the matter and for
that reason adopted the plan of choosing
men who are heavily interested in Ala
meda and concerned with her welfare.
Thus far this, element among the resi
dents has not expressed itself, and the
City Trustees feel that it should be heard
before any decisive action is taken.
It Is intended by the Board of Trade to
call the mass meeting for the latter part
of this 'week If the necessary arrange
ments can be made.
Since the railroad agitation commenced
some local business men, particularly
those interested in realty and building,
say that It has affected them and created
an unsettled condition in the market.
More than, one person who contemplated
building- has -deferred commencing until
the railroad franchises and agitation shall
have been • disposed of, .one' way or
another.
MacRae asserts that the burglar ob
tained entrance to his home some time
before 6:30 o'clock last evening and that
he did so by forcing up a back window
with a chisel. MacRae informed the po
lice that neighbors observed a stranger
around the premises during the after
noon.
One sardine fork; one water color picture with
crilded frame, represent* a tree, hill in back
ground; three souvenir spoons, one cutglats
bowl; one clothes brush silver back; one cream
ladle, marked "MacRae . one dozen teaspoonK,
one-half dozen silver tablespoons, five com
mon teaspoons, one oil painting; two salt and
pepper cellars, marked "Sterling Silver —
Shreve"; one silver soup ladle, one olive fork.
one-half dozen large .knives and forks In green
plush case; one souvenir of the capltol, Sacra
mento, marked "H. IV: one oil painting about
16x12 Inches, representing Point Lobos; two
cups and saucers, Japanese and Chinese; one
dozen silver coffee spoons.
ALAMEDA, July 28.— According to a re
port made jo the police all the wedding
presents received by Mr. and Mrs.XSeorge
N. MacRae of 2209 Railroad avenue 31 their
marriage a few months ago were stolen
from the residence last evening. The
missing goods included various kinds of
crockery, tableware and water-color and
oil paintings. - Before the MacRaes could
set the table for their breakfast this
morning it was necessary for them to lay
In a new supply of dishes and cutlery.
MacRae furnished the police with the
following list of articles which he claims
were carried away by the burglar:
ihe Judge that the plaintiff in the action
Jiad brought /suit egainEt the wrong per
son and left the court, highly pleased at
the outcome cf her first experience as a
Portia.
OAKLAND. July 2S.-Mrs. Eugenia
Campbell, widow cf the late Judge Camp
bell, who presided ¦over a department of
the San Francisco Police Court for many
V<ars, .appeared as her own attorney in
a ease In the Justice's Court In this city
3.0-Cay and ably defended herself In a
Kv.ll brought against her by Mrs. Flor
ence Schoenfcld. who demanded ft bo she
claimed the defendant owed her.
Mrs. Campbell succeeded in convincing
RELICT OF LATE JUDGE
CAMPBELL ACTS AS POBTIA
She- Appears in Justices' Court and
Defends Herself in Action
for S7 85.
Thief Enters theMacRae
Home and Purloins
Presents.
Insects Defend Their
Home With Great
oUCCGSS.
Board of Trade Desires
Further Discussion
of Franchise.
The' loss will amount to about $5000,
fully covered by Insurance. The work of
repairing the damage will be commenced
at once and it is expected that the plant
will resume operations In about two
weeks.
OAKLAND, July 28.— Fire destroyed the
engine room and cooking room of the
Oakland plant of the California Fruit
Canners' Association at First and Fil
bert streets early this morning and dam
aged the jelly room and warehouse so
that it will be necessary, to close down
the entire plant for repairs.
It Is supposed that the fire, which
started in a small room adjoining the en
gine room, was caused by some defect in
the furnace.
The first alarm was turned In by Police
man Merrick from box 93 and a few mo
ments later Special Officer Olsen turned
In another alarm. ,
Engine-Boom and Cooking-Boom
Visited by Fire and Operations
Are Suspended.
EARLY MORNING BLAZE
DAMAGES CANNING- PLANT
WANT ANOTHER
MASS MEETING
tifcth and Genoa streets and fitted It up
as a "temporary school and six rooms have
Veen added to the Garfield School, but
yven with the additional room thus af
forded the Fchools will probably be over
crowded.
OAKLAND. July 2S.— The members of
the Board of Education fear that when
the schools cpen on Monday, August 10.
for <"he fall term there will be more pupils
t^£.n can be accommodated. Efforts are
being made to rer.t buildings In the va
rious school districts that may be con
verted Jnto temporary school quarters.
In <>rder to retain th<*ir seats in the dif
ferent classes it will be necessary for
I>reser.t pupils to report on the first or
second -day cf the term or their eeats will
be declared vacant and given to some one
elee. This new rule of the Board of Edu
cation will be ricidly enforced.
The board has rented a building at Slx-
Board cf Education Seeking Tem
porary Quarters to Meet In
crease cf Pupils.
MOBE SCHOOL BOOM
NEEDED NEXT TEEM
years old, trim and neatly attired.
¦ Besides .Mr^s. Longfellow, W. D. McDon
ald, coal dealer, Sixth and Washington
streets, identified Franklin. E. Kaiser
and Miss Pelladreau of Berkeley also
recognized the prisoner as having dwindled
them by means of worthless checks. J. J.
Noonan. 507 Seventh, street, accepted a
check for $7 50 In . payment for a clothes
wringer, the paper proving to be worth
less/ J. Fltzpatrlck, a Berkeley stable
man, was also defrauded, and there are
several Alameda merchants yet to be
rounded up who were swindled by Mrs.
Longfellow's prisoner. Complaints will be
sworn out to-morrow aglnst Franklin.
BURGLAR STEALS
WEDDING TOKENS
The police are jubilant over the plucky
woman's act, because Franklin has been
Thus did Mrs. Charlotte Longfellow ex
plain her capture of James Franklin, a
check swindler, whom she trailed and
brought to bay yesterday afternoon after
Franklin had passed a worthless check at
H. A. Longfellow's coal yard, 520 Third
street.
OAKLAND, July ZS.-'J. v.-as fright
ened through and through until
he made the rush at me, and then
I was mad and grappled with
him."
BOYS TRY THEFT
OF HIVE OF BEES
giving no end of trouble to merchants of
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley. He was
Identified to-day at the City Prison by
half a dozen of his victims. Detective
Shorey says there are numerous charges
that can be registered against the dapper
young swindler.
Mrs. Longfellow narrated to-day at po
lice headquarters the details of her pur
suit and arrest of Franklin. The detec
tives gave the courageous little woman
full measure of credit for her persistence
and bravery.
"I was just mad enough after this man
left the store and. I realized we were
WIFE OF AN OAKLAND COAL MERCHANT AND THE ELICK YOUNG CROOK WHOM SHE CAPTURED
. AFTER AN EXCITING STRUGGLE AND TURNED OVER TO THE POLICE. WHO HAD BEEN VAINLY
SEARCHING FOR HIM.
1 "
Heretofore— and the same Is practi
cally true of to-day— the ranks of femala
"hands" In Japan are recruited from
among the rural population by agents,
who /nduce the country lasses to sign
contracts for quite a number of years
—the best portion of their lives. And
the wages average about three-pence per
day!
For that miserable mess of pottage—
about six cents— girls not only labor hard
during working hours, but permit them
selves to be wholly isolated from the. out
er world, just as If they were In a pris
on, a hospital or In a nunnery. Thus they
are entirely In the power of their employ
ers, the least scrupulous of whom take
an unfair advantage of their helplessness.
Thanks to the initiative of the press and
to the high spirit of a few wealthy firms,
a strong and lurid light has been thrown
upon those dark places of Japan, and
redress Is already .In sight. Th© Man
chester of the Mikado's realm Is Osaka,
and it was the terrible state of things
In vogue in the mills and works of that
city that first attracted attention. The
slaves of the southern states of North
America had a better time than some of
the wretched girls of Osaka, the prod
ucts of whose labor were thrown upon
European markets at nominal prices.
Happily the Guild of Weavers Jias now
set to work to better the lot of these he
lots and Its efforts are being reinforced
by Government employes.
Curiously enough. In the higher call-
Ings and professions that require skill or
scientific, training Instead of mere man
ual labor- there was hardly any field for
woman's activity. Thus, in none of the
ministries of Government offices was a
woman to be found as a clvtl servant.
Xhe respectable firms of merchants like
wise rigidly excluded members of the fair
sex, refusing to employ them as sales
women; only in a few cheap bazaars
where the work was very fatiguing and
the pay utterly inadequate were women
to be seen behind the counter. But here,
too. a beneficial change Is now being
made. The firm of Mitsui, the weavers,
for example — one of the wealthiest In Jap
an—has Just decided to take on girls.
For a considerable time past women
have been engaged at railway stations,
especially in dealing with passenger traf
fic, and now the Sanul line, which had
hitherto eliminated the female element,
has completely broken with Its traditions,
and in future the passengers by that com
pany's line will be looked after by women
conductors, and perhaps , women con
trollers as well. The Crown Prince of
Japan takes a keen Interest in this move
ment, which alms at making life less mis
erable to his future female subjects, .and
he has begun by setting an excellent ex
ample. He has married but one wife, and
has allowed it to be generally understood
that he is, and intends to remain, a mon
ogamist to the end of his days.— N. Y.
Commercial.
No Females in Government Service
or Higher Class of Mercantile
Houses.
WAGES EABNEB BY . *
WOMEN HT JAPAN
The next structure to be erected In the plans
for the greater University of California will be
the botany building. The drawings are being
prepared by John Galen Howard, supervising
architect of the university. It had been care
fully planned to add an addition to the present
botany building and $7500 was set aside for
this purpose. It was ascertained that before
an adequate addition could be erected $15,000
would have to be expended and the building of
an entirely new structure was then decided on.
The university will soon be asked by a num
ber of the high schools of the State to -demand
that the institutions which seek to be acc>pd-
Ited have a uniform school year. This move
ment has found support among those high
schools which have a full year of ten months,
the argument being that It is unfair to give
recognition to schools giving Instruction for a
shorter period. The proponents of the pro
posed new rule ' are chiefly in Sacramento.
While there has been no organized attempt
thus far to force a declaration from the uni
versity on .the subject. It Is probable that the
matter wjll be seriously considered by the fac
ulty.
BERKELEY. July 2S. — Professor Albert
Bushnell Hart of Harvard University, the well
known authority en United States history, will
deliver a lecture In H«»arst Hall Wednesday
evening on "Washington as a Literary Man."
Professor Hart is known to the reading public
through bis "Introduction to the Study cf
Federal Government." "Formation cf the
Union." "Practical Essays on American Gov
ernment" and a biography of "Salmon Port
land Chase."
Lloyd A. Womble. formerly captain of the
football team, left to-day for South Africa to
take an Important position with a mining cor
poration there. His particular work will be
underground surveying. .
Charles W. Petit. '03. has received the ap
pointment of general secretary of the Young
Men's Christian Association of the University
of Kansas at Lawrence. Kan., and will leave
to begin work on September 1. While in the
university Mr. Petit was active In Y. M. d
A. affair* and for a year held the Important
position of president.
The announcement was made to-day at the
agricultural department of the university that
W. H. Volck. a student entomologist, had suc
ceeded in inventing a formula destructive to
the red spider, which has been menacing the
fruit Industry In different portions of the coun
try. Voick's composition consists of sulphur,
lime and flour paste.
Fredericka Kogler (wife of Joseph) to Frank
A. and Harry D. Porter, lot on E line of
Ehattuck avenue, C0:l*i S of Blake. E 124:3,
S 100 W 131:414, N 100:3, lots 10 and 11,
Steele' Tract, Berkeley; $10.
James and Adelaide Paine (by C. R. Lord
and F. H Clark, trustees) to Homestead Loan
Association of Berkeley, 859 D. 14. lots 18
and 19, block 32, map Tract "B. Berkeley L.
and T. I. Association, Berkeley, trustees' deed;
|77«5.
Daniel S. and Zadia L. Adams to Solomon
F. ard Ada U Hlggins. lot on E Mne of Tre
mont street, 60 N of Essex. N 45 by E 129:6,
portion lots 11 to 13, block K. map A. por
tion Newbury Tract, in plat SI, Peralta
Rancho, Berkeley; $10.
John L. Kreye to Anna L. Kreye (wife), lot
en N line of Taylor avenue. 242 W of Ninth
street. W 25 by N 110, Alameda; gift.
Sophie WIgger (widow) to Oeorie Seaman.
lot on S line of Santa Clara avenue. 250 W
of Walnut street, W 50 by S 207:0. lot 15.
block 22, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda;
fio.
Mary Gleason to Emily a> Freltas, lots IS
and 19. block G. Melrose Station Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
Martha G. Bailey (widow) to Alice Conner,
portion of strip of land 30 feet wide, lying
back of and adjoining lot 12, block 0, Fitch
burg Homestead lots, said strip iylne NW of
and adjoining lot* & to 12 of said block, etc..
and being owned by first ' party and second
party owning lot 12 of said block, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Ida M. and
Anna Louise Wetmcre. lot beginning at point
on line dividing Iota 1 and 2. distant 03 N
of Piedmont avenue, N 05 by E 40, portion* lot
2, block 2, revised map Piedmont Park, Oak
land Township; $10.
John Tlmmerman (single) to Charles A.
Parker, lot 32, block A, map subdivision part
Macks I, A, E and F of revised map Prospect
Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10
Louis and Emily Timmerman to John Tim
rneinan, Eame, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Charles A. and Eva Parker to Charles Mlt-
BtL tame. Brooklyn Township, warranty deed;
$10.
Henry C. and Mary E. Morris to Henry E.
¦nfl Emogene B. Dempsey, lot on N" line of
Wert Tenth street. 24:1% E of Center, B
24:6 by N 100. being E portion of lot 1, block
55S. map Eighth Street Tract, Oakland; $10.
M. L and Rebecca Wurts to Ida E. Annls
(wife cf A. G.), lot on N line of Bucna Vista
avenue 122.18 E of Park etreet, E 40 by N
100 lot 27 block G, Golden Gate Tract, Oak
land; $10.
John II. Griswold (single) to «ame. lot 9,
block 23, same map, Bw-keley: $100.
Gtorge and Carrie K. Sterling to Realty Syn
dicate (corporation) two acre* beginning on N
line of University avenue, 22. SO chains W from
E line of plat «, thence W S2:«. S to N line
cf 2H acres conveyed to Sarah E. Fhaw. etc..
153 D. 457. E 82:6. S to beginning portion plat
e4. Rancho V. and D. Peralta, oubjectJo ail
liens now of record, Berkeley; $10.
Bame to eame, lot beginning af point 8.64
chains S, 11 decrees E of common corner of
plats 53, r..Y 50 and 57 (being Intersection of N
line of Wilder with center line of Lowell
street), thence SW 4.60 chains by NW 2.24
c/iains. portion plat 05. earae map. subject to
same, Berkeley; $10.
A. H. Sanborn to C. B. Westenbtxsr. lot on
W line of College avenue, 50 S of Stuart
street, S 60 by W 148. lot 2, block J, Berry-
Bangs Tract No. 2, Berkeley; $10.
Jane A. Ccnn (widow) to Elizabeth A. Ben
nett (wife of C D.), lot on S line of Premiss
avenue. 550 W of Peralta avenue, thence NW
126.80. SW 1S0.62. SE 09.57. NE 121.36. Deer-
Ing Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Cary and Fanny K. Howard to W. XV.
Knickerbocker, lot 8. block A. map Broadway
and Telegraph avenue park tract. Oakland; $10.
C. G. R. and Anna Montoux to Ellel Free
man Henderson, lot on N'W line cf Twenty
third avenue (as per 227 D. 459). 2S5:6 NE
from rrojectlon SE In straight line of NE
line of East Fifteenth, NE 25 by NW 150. East
Oakland: $5.
Charles Pare to Barbara Pafe (v»lfe), un
divided intercut In lot 5. block 2S, map prop
erty of L. M. Beaudry and G. Peladeau,
Emeryville. Oakland Township: rift.
Robert O. Baldwin (sinele) to Southern Pa
cific Company (corporation), lot 8. block 23,
map No. 6. Shattuck Tract, portion plat 68,
Berkeley: flOO.
Susan L. Mi!!s (widow) to Central Pacific
Railway Company (corporation) lot on W line
cf Crprese street. loS S of Third h 100 W
I«5>:9, N -V). E 44:9. N 50. E 123, being lots
IS to 21. block 450. map subdivision block 450.
Boartraan's mar. Oakland; 110.
Edson F. and John Charles Adams and Julia
P. A. Prather. to same, lot on NE corner of
Broadway and Flirt street. X 60 by E "5.
lot« 1 and 2, block 7, Kellersberser's map,
Oakland; fin.
Mary E. Russell i widow) to Jean Elizabeth
r«lnt»>r, Paulina Airr.es Ycun^rr an<l Ada Mary
IluEteH (mith riplit of survivorship ». lot on SW
f"rr«>r of n.jnton avenue nnd Chestnut street.
W 64 by B 137 :«. hl'X-k 1*. amende map of
Bartlett Tract. Alameda: al*o property In San
Franclsro and Fan Mateo eour.t!e»; gift.
Wllllston K. or William K. Conger to J. C.
and Helen Murray, lot on S 20 feet of subdi
vision C of lot 60 and N 2« feet of subdivision
B. lot 60, map of Alamfda Park Homestead,
Alameda; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County. ¦
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Both the wife and the mother were
prostrated by the shooting. They told
the police that there had been much un
happiness In the family for a long time.
Detective Denny Holland made an In
vestigation and reported that the case
was one of attempt at suicide. Luttrell
Is about 32 years old. He was a driver
for the oil company.
• "Now I suppose you will be satisfied,**
gasped the wounded man as he moaned
with pain.
Dr. J. P. Dunn was hurriedly summoned,
and after an examination ordered the suf
ferer to be sent at once to the hospital for
operation. His chances for recovery are
not as Rood as even.
The shooting was the culmination of a
long series of domestic disturbances In
the Luttrell household. Luttrell had
been In San Francisco during the day
and returned shortly before supper. He
ate his evening m*»al with the family and
arose from the tabie without giving a
sign of his Intentions. Unobserved by the
other members of the household the des
perate man suddenly pulletl out a pistol,
and pressing the weapon against his left
breast flred the shot. He fell to the floor.
the women and children screaming from
the shock and-fright.
In the presence of his wife, his mother
and his four, children. Harry Luttrell, a
former employe of the Standard Oil Com
pany, shot himself through the left lung
to-night at his home, 1652 Sixteenth street,
after a auarrel with his spouse. Luttrell
aimed for his heart, but the pistol bullet
ranged above the vital organ and lodged
somewhere in his back. He was removed
to East Boy Sanitarium.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway, July 28.
Mr. Allardt was 70 years of age, a na
tive of Prussia. The surviving family
consists of the wife. Mrs. Emma Allardt.
and three children. Charles F. Allardt. a
mechanical engineer; Frederick. A. Al
lardt. paying teller of the Oakland Bank
of Savings, and Misa Lottie Allardt. The
funeral will be held to-morrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock from the family residence.
Oakland I/>dge> No. 1S8. F. and A, M., will
have charge of the Interment. ¦•• V
George F. Allardt. a prominent civil en
gineer of Oakland, died last night at h!3
residence, 1127 Linden street, after an Ill
ness o* two months from heart disease.
Mr. Allardt came to California In 1533
from Ohio, where his parents settled after
their* arrival from Germany. In early
times the deceased engineer 'made ex
tensive surveys in the Reese River coun
try during the mining excitement. Seven
years later he returned to, Cleveland and
vras married. He brought his bride to
California, settling in Oakland In 1*83.
Mr. Allardt had charge of the survey
and subdivision of the San Pablo Rancho.
17.000 acres, one of the largest surveys
ever made In California. He was an emi
nent authority on the subject of water
supply for the bay cities, having served
In 1S73 on the commission that Investigat
ed the available sources of water supply
for San Francisco. He was chief engineer
of the commission that surveyed the tida
lands In San Francisco Bay and was alai
expert engineer for the Sacramento Valley
farmers In the anti-debris litigation,
which resulted In the restriction of hy
draulic mining.
In the Contra Costa Water Company's
suit against the city on water rates Mr.
Allardt was an expert witness for tha
city. He was taken ill shortly after th<a
close of the Clough riparian rights salt
against the Spring Valley "Water Works
tried In this county, Mr. Allardt appearing
for the company.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. July 23.
Oakland OfT.ce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. July 28.
-The effort on the part of the Contra
Coeta Water Company to have the 11.500.
000 assessment en Its franchise Btricken
from the rolls of this county was the oc
caEion of much argument before the
•"Hoard of Equalization this morning and
was put over again for final decision next
Thursday.
' Attorney Glasccck, for the company,
lasts his hopes of a decision on an opin
ion rendered in the case of the Spring
Valley Water Company against Tax Col
lector Barber of this county, in which de
•citiqn the^ court states that "a water
Vompany. whose franchise has been as
i-etsed in the county where it has its prin
, «'|paj place of business, cannot be assessed
v.poii. Us franchise for a mere right of
.'.way in another county, through which a
portion cf Its pipe and pipe line passed,
'entirety unconnected with any privilege
granted by said county to take tolls or
! collect water rates, or enjoy any other
special. prerogative. Such mere right of
vay is rot a franchise."
Arrrssor Dalton takes the view that
.while the opinion quoted states that a
¦right of way or franchise cannot be a?
fretsed in another county where there is
r.fi distributing Fystem. if there is one
•it may be assessed. "If the franchise is
i: # ot assessable in this county we want to
know it," he raid, "that we may have
the fact established by the courts, so that
.'the company can be forced to pay taxes
.on the true value of Us plant in some
county.** v •
in regard to the assessment of the fran
chise in San Francisco by Assessor Dodge
Dalton eaid to-day that the explanation
he had received from San Francisco was
to the effect that it was not the franchise
which had been assessed at $300. but that
this was a nominal sum assessed to the
' company for the rigrht to do business in
San Francisco. In former years this priv
ilege hfcs been assessed at $150, but this
ftfT it had been doubled.
The entire matter lies just where it did
art the beginning of the discussion. The
Assessor and "water company are no near
• r a solution of the question, which in
volves legal points that can be dcter
1 mined enly by a court.
The Assessor stated to the board to-day
that he had been Informed that the
. Fprinjr Valley "Water Company would not
. protest the raise of its assessment from
JflW.ftp to $3,310,000. The explanation of
this company's passive acquiescence in
:h* matter is said to He in the fact that
Is trying to show in the San Francisco
courts that Its holdings in Alameda
• County are worth $10,000,000 and any tes
timony to the contrary put in here could
»*- used • against It In its case there.
The matter of listening to the argu
ments for and against the raising of the
• sfcsessment of the Oakland Transit Con
solidated frcra $2,000,000 to more than $10,-
W.OOO * was set by the board for next
Thursday morning at 10 o'clock.
Barnes had not long been Jn prison be
fore he was visited by the repentant Mrs.
Hughes. She brought him fruit and flow
en and spent a? much time with him as
the jailers would allow. Then she went to
the District Attorney and asked to have
the case against him dismissed, but^ she
was passed on to the Judge. Several
week? passed without her gaining any
Fatiffactlon. but to-day's developments
showed she had not given up hope. With
Harnes free she could marry him; as his
wife her Hps would be sealed and she
could not testify against him. They went
from .iail to court house, where a mar
riage license was secured, and then sum
moned Justice of the Peace Geary to tie
the knot.
According to attorneys the case against
Barnes has collnnsed.
William E. Barnes, erstwhile prisoner
In the County Jail, was willing to marry
In order to secure his release, even if the
woman In question was talr and 40, while
Mrs. Anna B. Hughes, who was the cause
of his arrest and Incarceration, signified
her willingness to effect his release to
gain a. husband.
She had him arrested for stealing her
watch and purse, but her resentment
changed to tender pity and to-day 6he ef
fected his release bv depositing: a $2000
fcond with Judge Hall and a short time
later was joined to him for life.
Prior to his trouble Barnes boarded at
Mrs. Hughes' home at J110 Jefferson
street. One day In the latter part of
Jun» he disappeared and It was alleged
by Mrs. Hushes that he took with him
her purse containing $35 and a gold watch
which she valued at 5200. and with the
money thus obtained went on a three
days' spree in Pan Francisco. He returned
to her house and she had. him arrested.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. July 28. .
Fires Bullet at His Heart in
Presence of Wife, Mother
and Children.
Three Score and Ten Years
Crown the Life of a Prom
inent Expert.
Claim Is Made That Water
Franchise Is Not on
San Francisco Roll.
Marries Woman Who Caused
His Arrest on Felony
Charge.
Husband Attempts Sui
cide Because of Do
mestic Troubles.
Assessment Question Is
Hanging Fire Before
Equalizers.
George 'P. Allardt, a
Pioneer Surveyor,
Is Dead.
W. R Barnes Leaves
Jail for Hymen's
Altar.
AGED ENGINEER
PASSES TO REST
WINS FREEDOM
AND A BRIDE
LAW, COLD LAW,
IS NOW INVOKED
SHOOTS HIMSELF
BEFORE FAMILY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903.
11
ADVKBTISHME2ITS.
Skin Diseases
Eczema, Salt Rheum, Pimples,
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
lydrozone
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
TriaJ Size. 25 Cents.
At DrogjglsU or by mall, from
<fycygg& ¦'»£?•
FBKK {Sent of«tt««m — tfr— .TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Lnited States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High . and Low
waters et Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
.J'horlty of the Superintendent. .
isoTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
.. WEDNESDAY, JULY, 29.
Sun rises .5 :09
Sun sets . 7.J2
Moon set .....10:37 p*. m.
O Tlmel ITImel Tlmel , Time
£ [Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
i» H W| |LW| ' H W| L W
29 3:08 4.7 8:56 0.9 3:4:i 5.6 10:00 1.6
«0 4:1C 4.3 »:60 1.5 4:32 5.6 11:11 1.3
31 5:31 4.110:40 2.0 5:25 5.6.....
L TV H TV ¦ L W H TV
1 0:21 1.0 6:52 , 3.9 11:44 ; 2.6- 6:19 5.6
2 1:25 O.fj 8:10 4.0 12:49 2.7 7:13 5.5
3 2:1S 0.3 0:M| 4.2 1:49 2.9 8:06 5.5
4 3:051 0.1 10:081 >' 4.5| 2:28[ 2.9 8:55 5.5
The time ball , on the Ferry building was
dropped "exactly, at noon to-day, i. e..,at'noon
of the 120th meridian,' or at 8 p. m. CJreenwlch
time. . .-,:• . J. C.-BURNETT, .
TJ.ui.n..t xi.- K. N^. ia rhara-o.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, 8an Francisco. Cal.,
July 2S, 1903. .- -
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides : are given In the left
hand ' column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of ; occurrence as to time; the
fourth .time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given aro in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey. Charts,' except when' a minus < — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is' subtracted from the' depth given by
the charts. The ' plane of reference is " the
mean' of the lower low waters.: • ; .'.'•'¦
Kttnr CtJIa, Uevltt, 20 hours from Albion.
• Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 26 hours from
Banks.
Tuesday, July 28.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 19 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 9 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Chehalis, Frantzon, • 00 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put in to land
paste nge.ra^j
Stmr Corona, Johnson, 18 hours from Eu
reka.
6tmr foronado, Peterson, (55 hours from
Grays Harbor: bound south: put in to land
passengers.
tftmr Noyo, Ellefwn, 19 hours from Cleone
Stmr Navarro, Weber. 18 hours from Hardy
Creek. . . • • ¦
. «
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The British steamer Lothian called yester
day for Hongkong, via Yokohama, Kobe and
Moji, with an assorted merchandise cargo
valued at $23,447 and distributed as follows:
For Japan. $4(324; China. $10,078; Manila. $145.
The leading shipments were as follows:
To Ja:>an — 510 bbls flour. 200 rolls 4 cs
leather, 400 is soap, 3000 lbs hops. 32 cs
canned goods. 432 lb* chocolate. 4 bales tan
bark. U7 pkgs groceries and provisions, 300 lbs
ham.
To China — 3000 bbls flour, 31,386 lbs dried
fW-h. £»00 lbs tea, 100 cs soap, 38 pkg» freeh
fruit, 155 lbs ivory, 5000 lbs pearl barley, 3
cs drugs, f* Kbcfts brass. .
To Manila — B0 cs canned cherries.
A Cargo for the Orient.
Merchandise for Honolulu.
The barkentlne Irmgard. which sailed on
Saturday for Honolulu, carried an assorted
merchandise cargo, valued at $31. 021. and In
cluding the following: C25 bbls flour, 4800
ctls barley, 1O0.000 lbs fertilizer. 2700 lbs
meals, 235 bales hay, 27.734 lbs corn, 1775 lbs
bread. 270 ctls wheat.' 68,273 lbs sugar. SS.DSO
It* malt. 10,427 lbs bran. 7L233 Its middlings.
7C50 lbs salt. 3484 lbs peas, 76.V) lbs salt, JS20
lbs lard. 1200 lbs *e«-d. CSS cm condensed milk.
157 gals whisky. 490 gals spirits. 2827 gals
wine. 50 ex mineral water. &00 lbs 2 cs to
bacco. »>8 pkgs furniture. 102 tons piglron. MSi
railroad lies. 7 pkgs agricultural implement*.
3 pkgs machinery, lfiO bxs soap. 7 pkgs dry
goode. 5 halts twine, 37 bales paper bags, 50
cs matches.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Norwegian bark Bonafide was chartered
prior to arrival for lumber end merchandise
from this port to the Bismarck Archipelago.
The whooner Polaris, now on the way to Port
Gamble, will load lumber there for Manila.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Norwegian bark Bonaflde, which arrived
Sunday from New Zealand, will to-day com
mence loading lumber for the Marquesas
Islands.
The Kosmos liner Kilesla, which arrivel
Monday from Hamburg and was ordered into
quarantine for fumigation, was released yester
day and docked at Lombard- street wharf.
»
Bonafide to Begin Loading.
Steamship Docks.
Dynamite Outrages Feared
SALOICICA. July 2S.-Dispatches re
ceived here Eay that eighteen Bulgarian
officers have left Sofia for Salonica for
the purpose of renewing the dynamite
outrages. Several of them are supposed
to have already arrived here. The pop
ulation is anxious.
Minnetonka on Drydock.
The steamship Minnetonka was yesterday
placed on Hunters Point drydock for cleaning
and painting.
The estate of the late James Parker
Trradwell vras appraised yesterday at
$443,404 22. It consists principally of realty
in this city worth $270,555; cash, J1&43; a
promissory note of T. M. Fisher, secured
hy mortgage, for $3?,000; a third interest
in the estate of Thalia Treadwell, worth
&3.145. and Eprir.jsr Valley Water Company
stock worth $36,633.
Appraise J. P. Treadwell's Estate.
J. M. Corcoran, superintendent of the
American District Telegraph Company.
Ft-cured a warrant from Police Judge Ca
liariss yesterday for the arrest of Claude
Kvans. a messenger boy. on a charge of
misdemeanor embezzlement. The boy is
accused r.f having embezzled $5 60 on July
13. which he received from a patron to
telegraph to Stockton.
Defaulting Messenger Boy.
The steamship Lothian of the China Com
mercial Steamship Company sailed yesterday
for Hongkong and the Matson Navigation Com
pany's Rosecrans sailed for Honolulu.
C. Martin, a boy living at 612 Eddy street
and employed by Hobbs. Wall & Co.. had the
index finger of his right hand so seriously dam
aged yesterday by a saw that the surgeons at
the Harbor Hospital found it necessary to am
putate the member.
?
Steamship Takes Departure.
•
Boy Loses Finger.
Captain McClellan. formerly chief officer of
the steam schooner James Dollar, has been ap
pointed caDtain of the gteam schooner Rival.
Captain Johnson of the Rival has been plared
In command of the steam schooner Brunswick.
*
Changes in Command.
The British ship Imberhorn. which arrived
yesterday. C7 days from Newcastle. Australia,
brought as cargo 2000 tens of coal. The Im
bcrhom on July 19. in latitude 36 north, longi
tude 141 west, spoke the Semantba. bound from
Cardiff for Esquimau, and on July 20. in lati
tude 3t> north, longitude 140 west, spoke the
Red Rock, bound from Newcastle. Australia,
for Oregon.
Imberhorn Arrives.
Men Arrested for Shooting Doe.
ueputy dame and Fish Commissioners
A. F. Lea and W. R. Welsch captured
Perry Emerson after an excitinc chase
over Elk Mountain for having in his pos
session a your.j? doe. which he had shot.
Kmerson was taken to Upper Lake, where
?i*» Teas Tried by Justice Green and fined
Co. J. Randolph was also arrested by
Deputies J. E. Morton and W. S. Huestis
in Humboldt County for having killed a
doc. He acknowledged the offense and
was finrd 5?2 hv .TusTfrp TC*><»s
BREMEN— Arrived - July 28— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm II, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg. ¦ MftS fP r ini"p*"i' l tl l l» '»'P *D1il'l Hj)i hi
PLYMOUTH— Arrived July 28— Stmr Patri
cia, from New Yort for Cherbourg and Ham-
Unri/. anil proca«iil»iC
NEW YORK— Sailed July 2S— Stmr Cevic,
for Liverpool; Btmr Citta di Milano, for Naples
and Genoa. . •
Arrived July 2S — Stmr Potsdam, [ from Rot
terdam and Boulogne.
LONDON— Arrived July 28— Stmr Colum
bian, from Boston. . /
GLASGOW— Arrived July 28 — Stmr Numtd
ian. from 'New ITork; stmr Hungarian, • from
Montreal.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 28 — Stmr Finland,
from New. York. •
LIVERPOOL — Arrived July 28 — Stmr Lake
Michigan, from Montreal.
Balled july 28 — Stmr lvernia, for Boston and
Qup^nstown. ?
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Arrived June 30— Schr
Resolute, from Sydney, to load for Honolulu.
Hail' ci July 27 — Schr Commerce, for HIlo.
TAKU— Arrived July 27— Bktn Georglna,
from Oregon. • .
VALPARAISO — Sailed July 28 — Ger Btmi
Nlcarla, for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived July 25— Br ship Pe
gaBUF, from Oregon.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived prior to July 27—
Ger bark Henny. from Eureka. . •
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 21— Br Btmr Em
press of Jacan. for Vancouver.
HONGKONG — Arrived July 25— Br atmr
Athenian, from Vancouver. July 20 — Br etmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
Sailed July -'S— Etmr Korea, for San Fran
cisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 28— Stmr Alli
anca, from Colon.
Sailed July 28— Stmr Arizonan, for Port Lo»
Angeles.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORT.
KAHULUI— Sailed July 24— Stmr Whitt:er,
with bktn Fullcrton in tow, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived July 21 — Schr Sehome, from New
cattle, Aus.
ISLAND PORT.
POIXT LOBOS — Parsed July 23, 3:40 p m —
Ptmr Siarshfteld. from San Pedro, for Hardy
ASTORIA — Sailed July 28--Bktn Tarn o'Shan
ter. for San Francisco.
Arrived July 2« — Stmr IJeelanaw, hence 25th.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived July 28 — Stmr
South Bay. from Eureka.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 27— Stmr Nome
City, from Valdez. July 28 — Stmr City of To
peka, from Ekagway.
Sailed July 28 — Stmr City of Puebla. for
San Francisco. July "7 — Ger stmr Denderah,
for Pan Francisco.
Arrived July 28 — Jap stmr Toaa Maru, from
Yokohama.
nALLAKP- Sailed July 28 — Schr Marie K
Smith, for San Pedro.
KKDONDO— Sailed July 28— Stmr Fulton,
for Port Loa Anstelw.
SAN P£DKO — Arrived July 28— Schr Luzon,
from Tacoma; schr Lucy, from Umpqua; stmr
San Pedro, hence July 26. .
Hailed July 2S — Schr Jamea A Garfleld. .for
Coos IJay: echr Prosr*<r, for Columbia River;
stmrs Santa Monica and Alcazar, for San
Francisco. v
TORT Bl.AKEi.EY- Arrived July 28— Bktn
Jas Tiift. from Honolulu.
TACOMA — Arrived July 28 — Bark S C Allen,
hence July 9. :
E17REKA— Arrival July 27— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver. . .
HOQUIAM— Arrived July 20— Schr Lizzie
Vance, hence July 8. July 27 — Stmr Aurella,
henco July 23. . <
Sailed July 27— Schr C A Thayer, for San
Francisco.
PORT HARFORD — Sailed July 28— Stmr Ra
mona, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 28 — Stmr Alcatraz, from Green
wood.
TATOOSH— Passed In July 2S — Bark Vldette,
from San Pedro, for Everett; bark Henper.
from Nagasaki, for Port Townsend; schr W F
Wltzemar.n. from San Pedro, for Tacoma: ship
Brnj F Packard, hence July 2, for Port Town
fcend.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per Br ship Imberhorn— July It*, lat 36 40
N Ion 141 25 W, Dr ship Semantha. from
Cardiff, for Esquimau. July 20, lat 36 27 N\
ion 140 40 W, passed Br ship Red Rock, from
Newcastle, Aus, for Oregon.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS. July 28. 10 p m — "Weather
foggy; wind W. velocity 12 miles per hour.
Tuesday. July 28.
Stmr Roeecrans. Johnson. Honolulu.
Stmr «^oos Bay. Xlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Kurcka. Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson. Port Los Angelca
and San P«»dro. »
Stmr Despatch, Hansen, Redondo.
Stmr Montara. Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr Chehalis. Frantzon. San Pedro.
Stmr Oipsy. Leland. Santa Cru*.
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Arcata. Maccenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Scotia. Enckson. Bowena Landing.
Br stmr Iy>thlan. \Villlam«on. Hongkong, etc.
Schr Queen. Henrlcksen, Grays Harbor.
Tf'.LEGRAPHIC.
SAILED
CLEARED.
Tuesday, July 28.
Stmr Montara. Reilly, Seattle; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Stmr Lothian. Williamson. Hongkong. Yoko
hama and Kobe; China Commercial S3 Co.
Br shin Imberhorn. Lever. 67 days from
Newcastle. Aut. „ _
Schr Guide, Olsen. 4 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Zampa, Kallenberg. 5^ days from
Grays Harbor.
LITTLE BARK WHICH WILL
CARRY LUMBER ' TO THE
MARQUESAS.
MILLERS AJSTNOLTNCE RISE
IN THE PRICE OF FLOUR
Advance Is Twenty Cents Per Barrel
. for All Qualities to the
Trade.
The price of flour has been raised. A
circular was issued yesterday by the
Sperry Flour Company, which owns
plants in several California, cities, making
an Increase in price of 20 cents per barrel
from date of circular.
The explanation afforded is that the rise
In wheat has caused an advance in flour.
Other mills will undoubtedly participate
in the advance in price.
The wholesale rate on extra family flour
is now $4 60 and $4 S3 per barrel. On bak
ers' flour the price to merchants is $4 40
and $4 60 per barrel, according to quality.
Sues Bushnell's Executors.
Carter P. Pomeroy, holder' of an. assign
ed claim for $3610 against the estate of the
late F. H. Bushnell, brought a suit for
that amount yesterday against the exe
cutors or Bushneil's will. It is claimed
the money is due Dr. G. M. Terrill for
professional services^.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Westport San Pedro July iS>
S. Monica San Pedro .*. . . July 20
S. Barbara San Pedro July -".»
Curacao Mexican Ports July 'JO
City of Para.. New York via Panama. July 21)
Ramona San Pedro & Way Ports. July '£)
Columbia Portland & Astoria. July 29
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma. . ... . July 20
Czarina Coos Bay | July 20
Lakme San Pedro |July 30
Siberia..: China & Japan IJuly 30
Del Norte Crescent City IJuly 30
Santa Rosa... San Dlejro it Way Ports.lJuly 30
F. H. Leggett Humboldt Bay |July 30
Argo... Eel River Port* July 31
Pomona Humboldt '. July SI
City Puebla... puget Sound Ports July 31
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 31
Edith Seattle ....July 31
San Matco Tacoma July 31
Tureka Humboldt July 31
S«n Pedro Ran Pedro Aug. 1
Dend^rah Seattle lAug. J i
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. | Aug. 2
Ctntralla Grays Harbor I Aug. 1!
Arcata Coos Bay A Pt. Orford.Aug. 2
Newburg Grays Harbor |Aug. 2
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. I Aug. '2
Corona Humboldt |Aup. 3
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Aug. :i
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 3
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Aug. 4
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Aug. 5
San Jose New York via Panama. Aug. 5
Claverlng Oilna & Japan Aug. 6
North Fork... Humboldt Aug 6
?tariposa . Tahiti" (Aug. 7
Coptic China & Japan |Aug. 8
TO SA1U
Steamer Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
' Jnly 2O. j j
S. Monica. .. Oraya Harbor . . . .1 4 pmlPler 2
Arctic Humboldt ...| 4 pm|Pier 10
S. Barbara.. Sfattlc At Olympla.i 4 pinHt«-r 'i
Argyll Nome direct | |Pler 21
Phoenix..... P. Arena <&' Mnd'nol 1 pmiPier 1«
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma.. |l0 «mlPler 2
Jf.iua Humboldt | 1 pm|Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 1 4 pmlPler 2
•Inly 3O. I I
Corona Humboldt |l:30p|PIer ft
, State of Cal. San Diego & Way. » am Pter 1»
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier !>
Jnly 31.
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor pie r
£ zar i»a Coos Bay direct... | 5 pm|PIer 8
North Fork.. Hnmboldf... | 5 pm Pier 2
N. Mam Cnina & Japan....) l pm Pier 4u
Angmt 1. I
San Pedro. .Humboldt I 4 nmlPler «>
Argo .1 Eel P.lver Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Kamona San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Columbia.... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newport. ... N. Y_ via Panama 12 m Pier 40
„ Auejnwt 2. I
Kureka Humboldt . . . -. ...i.l ft amiPler 13
Centralia Los. Angeles Ports.! I) am Pier 10
S. Rosa •. San Diego & Wayf 9 amfPier 19
Pomona Humboldt l:30p Pier 1U
Angrnst 3. -
Centenhlai.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Angrnut 4. .
Chlco Coqullle River...".. 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 4 pm Pier la
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
Angnst 5.
Nevadan.... Hnolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 20
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way.. 9 pm Pier 10
Denderah... Hamburg & Way. ...... Pier
AiiR'nnt O. >• •
i' n ,! u ™r"" Syaney *' Wa > p -'--- 2 pm Pier 7
G..W.Elder.. Astoria~& Portland 11 am Pier 24
_ Aiiprnut 7. I
Curacao Mexican Ports ...|10 am Pier 11
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. | For. , Sails.
Nome City.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. July*29
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. July SO
Meteor Nome & St. Michael. .. July 31
Ohio Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 1
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 1
Aztec Nome ..*. Aug. 1
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 2
benator Nome Aug. 2
Cottage City.. Skagway. & Way Ports. Aug. 3
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
K ? a J. oke Nome & st - Michael... Aug. 4
Ai-KI Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
g'rlKO Skagway ft Way Ports. Aug. 4
Bertha... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 7
City Seattle.. J Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 7
Revenue Agent Eldridge Dies
j: Lnited States Internal Revenue Agent
Bert M. Thomas was notified yesterday
of the death of United States Internal
Hevrnue Agent E. W. Eldrldge, who pass
rd away at Garrett Park, Maryland, on
July a. after a brief illness, caused by
raraiyeis. Mr. Eldridge was formerly in
charge of 'he United States Internal Rev
rnue agency in this city, and was trans
ferred to the East about seven years ago.
He was an authority on internal revenue
matters and he left a textbook on the
subject that is highly prized.
played her heavily to arrive
and M. A. Newell, the broker, who han
dles nearly all the local reinsurance spec
ulation, was for several hours taking
money as fast as he could count It. When
the British speculators found so much
faith in the overdue vessel and such
ready acceptance of their money at the
advanced odds they acquired a discreet
shyness and the last cablegram received
by Newell from London reduced the rate
tf» 50 per cent.
When the rate went down the play
stopped, but the knowledge that^ San
Francisco speculators are ready 'for a
big plunge on the next advance is hav
ing its effect and yesterday the rate was
further reduced to 40 per cent. The Brew
er Is now out 145 days from Sourabaya
for Delaware Breakwater.
The rate on the Milton Park remains
at 25 per cent.
WHEN the rate of reinsurance
on the Helen Bretver was ad
vanced on Monday morning to
60 per cent local speculators
Superintendents employed by the United
Kallroads were t ailed yesterday by Attor
ney Moore to testify on behalf of the cor
poration to the arbitration proceedings
which are now pending betwem that cor
poration ar.d the Carmen's Union.
They all told practically the same slory, i
anU when cross-examined by Livernash [
they cculd not be shaken. The fact de- |
v«»lcpcd that there are quite a number of '
>vung mei 1 employed as motormen an-J I
conductors by the United Railroads who
are at the eair.e time studying to become
doctors and dentists. The superintend
ents testified that these young medical
students were all given early morning and
i evening runs, as far as practical, so that
the work would not interfere with their
lectures or studies. The superintendents
denied that the early runs of theses stu
dents injured in any way the earnings of
the extrame n in the different barns.
The superintendents testified that an ex
traman's wages averaged from $50 to $73 a
month. How- much the men earned rested
a creat deal with the individuals them
selves. Some men the moment they were
through with their work !eft the barn,
while others would remain around seek
ing to make extra trips.
F. F. Allen, one of the superintendents
who pave testimony, said that he learned
how to run a table car in a little over
three days. After that he felt fully com
petent, and the on:y new things he
learned after those three days was the
knack of starting and stopping a car with
less jerks than when he first started in.
Superintendents J. C. Skinner and E. M.
Frank gave testimony corresponding to
Allen's testimony.
Just before the close of the afternoon
session Moore made the confession that
he was beaten on one point. The confes
sion was brought out by a remark by Liv
.*«rnash that there was something he
could not quite make out.
"There are lots of things I can't make
out." replied Moore. "Take you, for in
stance. I have MCa you every day for
two months and I haven't made you out '
yet."
The case will be resumed this morning
at TO o'clock.
1 . I
Commissioner Filcher says that he fa
vors a. wine, structure in the form of a
canopy upheld by many columns and
roofed with bottles 'of wine instead of
tiles. At either end would be placed i
huge wine cask capable of containing
thousands of gallons of wine, and in the
center would be a wine vat large enough
to be used as a sampling-room. The ex
pense to each wine man would be small—
probably not mbre than $100 to each ex
hibitor. If desired each vineyard could
have the exclusive occupancy of one co"
umn. The casks would be ornamentil.
with golden bands. j In fact, the wholo
affair would be made showy and b« one
of the leading attractions of the big expo
sition.
One hundred and thirty of the leading
wine men of California have been invited
to meet In this city at the rooms of the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce on
Thursday, August 6, for the purpose of
ascertaining the best way to have Califor
nia wines and brandies exhibited at the
St. Louis Exposition. The invitations for
this conference have been sent out by the
California St. Louis Exposition Commis
sion. Commissioner Filcher says that the
attendance promises to be large and that
Important action Is likely to result.
In the agricultural building at the St.
Louis Exposition there will be central
spaces reserved for special exhibits that
are illustrative of the peculiar resources
of the United States and that ar» of
ing Importance. Three large spaces havo
already been allotted to the corn Indus
try. Almost in the center of the great
building, which covers an area of twenty
acres, is a space of large size, Including
In all 4732 square feet, which the wine
men of California can occupy for their
exhibit if they wish and if they are ready
to make the proper move to assure the
management that they will, avail them
selves of the fine opportunity offered to
them to advertise one of the leading In
dustries of the State.
Shaping Plans to Forward
Interests of Big In
dustry. \
Moore Says Livernash Is Be
yond Scope of His Un
derstanding.
Embryo Doctors and
Dentists Take Early
and Late Runs.
Leading Vineyardists
Are Asked to Prepare
an Exhibit.
Advances to Sixty, but Under Pressure of Heavy Local
Play Is Forced Down Twenty Points- --Vessel Is
Long Overdue, but Faith in Her Safety Is Strong
MANY STUDENTS
WORK ON CARS
CALL WINE MEN
TO CONFERENCE
RATE OF REINSURANCE ON THE HELEN
BREWER REDUCED TO FORTY PER CENT
THE SAN TKANCISCG CALL, WEDNESUAr, JULY 29, 1903.
12
ADVEBTIEEMENTS.'
SMEBHHSBHHBBHHB
ONE BOTTLE CURES. |
>^|k McBurney'sf
i*1| KIDNEY I
%^y and I
£ BLADDER CURE I
c ¦
— j Certain and thorough cure for pains In 2
¦} the email of the back, irritation of the ¦
H bladder. Brlght's di*sa»*. female trou- H
Q ble*. incontinence of urine, brick duet ¦
rj deposit, bed wettir.g of children, gravel m
S gall etones, thick, turbid frothy urine. 5
~* dropey, diabetes and rheumatism. B
iS Send 25c for five days' -treatment an<2 B
HI ret relief in 20 minutes. a
m Kidney and Bladder Cure |1M S
q Liver and Blood Purifier $1 25 5
¦¦ ••- - .-raWJfctfxaw*.. ¦
i FOB SALE BY ALL BKUGQISTS B
H! C7"If your druggist does not keep ¦
U McBurney'c Kidney and Bladder Cure ¦
H win send to any addree* (express pre- n
ssj paid) on receipt of price. ™
¦ W. T. McBUKHET, Sole Mfr., ¦
3 226 S. Cpringr St M Los Angeles, CaL ¦
H E B g C g B » Eg H B BE g C K g B H g E
" DR.PIERCES
GOtDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD. LIVER. LUNGS.
DDTTCLJ17O fok barbers, ba-
r3r\U^lliLO V; ' rB - bootblacks, bath-
*"* bouses, billiard tablea.
bt-ewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. paJnters, shoo factories,
ttableroen. tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCKAKAW BROS,
«««h Btinuractttxers, 609 Sacramento •*
OCEAN TBAVEL.
SixC f^Sv Steamers leave San Fran-
/fvp —^^«\ c\tcQ as follows:
ArZL. \\P\ For Ketchlkan. Juneau,
Aa7^R9>5ja* \-*\ .^auway, etc.. AlBska— 11 a.
VJiwOi I 1 m.. July .•?(), AiiRUst 4, 0, U,
I I VtiSSqk 1 1!>. 2». 20. i-hanjrp to com-
VS>\ \\ y.O/ party's steamers at Seattle.
Vi^JV^y For Victoria. Vancouver.
N^ATSrViX Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
-^ coma, Everett, . Whatcom — 11
a. m., July 30. August 4, 9; 14, 19. 24, 29.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle for Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m. August 2, 8. 14, 20, 26: Corona, 1:30 p.
m.. July 30. August 6. 11. 17. 23, 29.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port ' Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m., July 28, August 5. 13,
21, 29. : ¦
Ramona, 0 a. m.. August 1. 9, 17. 25.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery ctreet (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
F'O/? NOME!
Low Passenger and Freight Rates.
* ' Y '
The Pacific Coast Steamship Compaky's'
Popular Steamship
SENATOR
Will Leave Seattle r-.V;
August 2, p.m.
Steamship Queen leaving San Francisco July
SO, at 9 a. m., will make direct .connection.
C. D. DUNANN, Gen. Passsnger Agt.
J. H. COOPER. Gen. Freight Agent.
10 Market St., -San Francisco.
O. /?„ <£ /V. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 1. 11, 21, 3L'"Georg«
W. Elder" salts July 27. Aug. 6. *«, 28. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
ra II line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets' to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear rt. it a ». m. S. F.' BOOTH,
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery st. ; C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt. Kept.. 3 Montgom-
ery st. . ¦ -
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
' Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongktng with steamers for India, etc No.
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
B. S. NIPPON MARU Friday. July 31 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. Auguit,26. 1003
B. 6. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H.' AVERT. General Agent..
8. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, " Samoa,. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Aug. 6, 2 p. m.
8 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15. 11 a. m.
6 S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Aug. 15/11 a.m
U. IPKWELS 4 8SDJ.G0., «|ti.. Trtel.Ita.643 luti!8
fntchlOffoJlS MirhtlUBefli. 7.PiqfittL
Mare Island 1 and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo,
7 a: m., 12:30 noon,' 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday, tun-
day. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents.' Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. < HATCH
i Bonn - < . .
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
California
Limited > ..
T6 CHICAGO
¦
l^§jf^^S^*l or ose Who
SANTA FE TRAINS
¦•; -Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
'- TLocal | Lim-d | Local I OvTl'd
\ Dally I Dally I Daily 1 Dally
Lv. San Fran. . 7:3O a| 9:3a a 4:00 p! S:0O p
Ar. Stockton... 1O:4O a!10:01 p 7:10 P 11.15 p
"Merced 1:05 pl^P *;2» »
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3.15a
"Hanford ... 4:5S p 4:07 p T.50 a
" Vlsalia .... 4:55 p 4:4S p 3.00 a
"Bakersfleld. 7:15 p C:0O p i ; 33 a
" Kansas City ., 2:33 a « -00 a
"Chicago 2:15 p ; 3.47 p
, a for morning: p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersfield Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquln \ alley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 3:55 a. ra. o»» y ;
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday la t!v»
CAXOrOBBZA LIMITED, carryilig' P»l-
aco Sle«plasr Car« and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
0-30 a. m. Daily. Valley Limited. Compos.t«
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally ia the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at «:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago ami East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturdav at 8 p. m.
Offices— CU Market street and in Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTH ERN d PACIFIC
Xratns CISCO. arr ** # *
Qfcra Uae. foot of Msrket Street )
Imatk — Fbom J«m» 21. 1*»- — Awrn
"7 00a Ben!ci».S ulson, Elmlr»«n<tQ«er»
mento v25*
7.00a TscsTllle. Winter*. KnnJtey........ 72a*
7.30a Vartmex. 8»a Karaon. Vallejo.
W«p*. C»llstoff». Ssata Kos» 8.25»
7.30a Sne*. L»tl»rop Stoekton. ...... .... 7^8»
1.00a DaTt».Woo«IUnd. KniK&U L«nUln*.
Maryivllle. OroTllle. (connects
•iMaryiTllle for arldlex.Blsxs
' andCbleo) -•-— • ,J||>
I 00a A«»DtlcEx:>res»-Os<len»ndEa«t. 1025a
8X0* Port Co*ta, Martine*. Antloeb. By
roa Tncr.Stockton.Sacrameato,
Loa Dano*. Mendcta, Hanford.
VlMlla. PortPTVllle m4JZS»
8.00a Fort Costa. Martinez, LatHrop, Mo-
detto, Merced. Fresno. Ooehea
Junction, Eanford. Vlsalia.
Bakertfield ZJS»
8-SQa Shasta Kxpr«»»— DaTla, 'Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). "Willows,
IFruto, Hed ElufT. PorUand 743>
8 30* WUt: San Jow, LlTermon. Stock'
U>n,l0Be.8acriun en to,Plac entile.
Marys-rllle. Chtco. Ked Bluff 4.2S»
8-30a Oakdale. Chlneie. Jamestown. So-
aora. Tnolamne and Angels ..... 4 2S»
S.OOa MarUnes and Way Stations. .§££*
10.00a Vallejo 12.2S*
ilO.COA Cre»centCIty Express. Saatbound.
—Port Costa. Bxron. Traey. La-
throp, Stockton. Merced. H»f
mend, Fresno. Hanford, Visanaj
Bakersfleld. Lo« AngeVas and
¦ • Keir Orleans. (Westtoand »r-
rlTes a* Pacific Coast Express,
via Coatt Ltne; rt-SCJ
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogdea,
Denver. Omtbi. Chicago. .... 8 25»
1200» Rayward. Mleaand Way Stations. .3.2S*
tl-OOr Sacramento Blver Steamers. tll.CO*
3 HOr Bentda. Winters. Smcrmroento,
"Woodland. "Wtlllama. Col cut*. ¦Wil-
lows. Knights Landing. M»rr»-
ville. Orovllle and way (UtJoaa.. 10. 53a
3 70p Hajward.Jf lies aad Way Stations.. 7 66>
4XCr M»rtlnei,S«a Ramon. ValleJo,I{»p«,
Callitoga, Santa Roaa. .??5*
A.GOT ll»rtlnex,Tracy.LaU»rop.Stockton. 1025a
4.00* Nllea. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodt.. 4-2f»
4Z0T Hayward. KHea. Irrlngton, Saa I +8.55*.
. Joae. Lf»ennoM \ X11.&5.A
6 C0r The Owl Limited— Fretno. TuUre.
Bakersfleld. Loa Angales; con-
nect* at 8aogna for Santa Bar* .
bar*. •••• «-M*
SCOT Port Costa. Trmer. Stoekton, Lot
Bano* 1 ?S5*
tSJOr Mies. Saa Jo»e Local 7 25*
t.0Or Hajward.Jf ties aad f>aa Jcse. 10J£5ji
•XOr Orlenui Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Loala. Chicago and
ilut. (Carries Pullman Car paa>
s«ngera <m!y ont of Ban Fran-
ctsco. Tourldt c«r and coach
paiiengers take 7.C0 r. «. train
J< to Reno, continuing thence la
their ean * r.x. train eastward.. 4 J3»
Westbound, Sunset Limited.—
From New Tort. Chicago, New
Orleans, El Paso. Loa Angeles,
Frf *no. Berenda. Raymond (from
To'emlte). Martines. Arrives.. 8-23*
7-COr Ean Pablo. Port Costa. Marttnes
and "Way Stations..... ......... ... 11.28*
f7.C0r VaUeJo 7.6&J
7-COr Port cost*. BenlcU, Snlann, Da-rla,
Sacramento, Trnckee, Reno.
6 tops at an alatlocs east of
Sacramento 7.58*
•4>6r Oregon A California Expr-ns— Sao-
nmento, VarjtTllle, Eeddtag.
Portland. Puget Sound and E*»t. 8-53*
tt.iOr Hayward. Nllea and Saa Jose (Sun-
day only) ft 1.68*
\1SBr Port Coat*, Tracy. Lathxop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Raymond (to To-
Semite). Fremo — -.. -..««. 12-2C*
Hsnford. Vlsalla. Ba&rTsfleld 6.2&>
COAST LINE (5armw fiaicaj. "
(foot of Market Street.)
OA&A Saata Cru Excursion (Snaday
only) t&IOF
8.15a Kewark. Ceaterrnie. Saa Joaa,
Felton. Bonlacr Creek. Bants.
Cms and Way Statlona.. ......... 8-25*
t2-16r I? e war It. Centerrllle. San Joa«,
New Almaden.Lo« Gato«.Telton,
. Bonlder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10-53*
4.1Br Kewark. San Jose. Lot Gatos and
way stations (on Saturday tnd
Sunday runs through to Santa
- Cruz, connecta at Felton for
Bonlder Creek, Monday only
from Santa CruH t3-CTa
wJrQShA*} 0 HARBOR FERRY.
rromSAN >UA> CISCO. Foot of MarketBt. (StlpR>
— 17:13 9:C0 11:00 a Jf. 1.00 3.00 515pm.
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t»:CO tS:at
t3:05 10:00 A.M. 1200 2 00 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Ua^e).
(Third aad Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Joae and W»y StaUona 7.S0r
17. CO* San Jo#e and "Way Station*..... ... 8-30*
/7 00a New Alsiaden ••l-IOi'
17.15a Monterey and Sant* Cru* Eicor
slon (Sunday only) t8-30v
•8-00* Coast Line Limited— Sto^sonly San
Jo«e.Gilroj.HoU!ster.Pa]aro.Ca»
troTllle. Ealloa*. San Ardo, Pan*
Bobles. Santa Margarita. Saa tula
Obitpo, (principal itatloni t&ence)
Santa Barbara, and Loa An-
gelea. Connection at CaatroTlIl*
to and from Monterey and Psciflo
Gro>e and at Palaro north bound
- __ from Capitol* and SantaCru* 1O<S»
¦410* 8an Joie. Trea Plnos. Capltola,
BaauCruz.Pac!flcGroTe.S<tllnas.
Ban Luta Obiipo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.10*
Weitbocnd ocly. PactSc Coant Ex>
Brw..— From Kew Tork,Chlcairo,
Kew Orleans. El Pato. Lea Aa-
,_ __ gelei, Santa Barbara. ArrlTe*.. *.30*
J»-«5 A San Joie and Way Station* 1.20*
11-30* San Jote, Los Gatoa and Way St*-
. ___ tloni 6-367
•1 -JO* Kan Joie md Way Stations x 700»
2X0r San Joae and Way SUtlon 19.40*
1\3X0r Del Monte Kxpr^it— Santa Cl*ri,
• Kan Jt«e. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Sant* Crua, Boulder
_ Creek and Narrow Gauge Pointi) M2-1S»
•3-iCr BnrlJnesmf. San Mateo, Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
Mountain. View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. 8an Jose. Gllroy (connec-
tion for Bollliter. Trei Plnoa),
Pajaro (connection for Wat>on>
vtUe. CapUol* and Saat* C'nu>,
Pacific Giove and way itationa.
Connects at Castro-vllle for Sa-
linai..., 10.43*
**-30r San Jotc iLd Way Etatloaa 8 36*
rtS-COr 6*n Jose. (vl» Santa Clara) Los
Gatoa. Wright and Principal Way
6latlona ..... .... f9 00a
o{S.JOj> 6anJote and PrJnclpalWay Statlom ta'nnA
•tS.16> 6anMateo.BereifOTd.Belinoni.Saa ' "•"*•••
Carlo*. Redwcod, Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8 ifi»
6.30r San Joie aud Waj Buttons. * Iial
•7X0r Suniet Limited. E*»tlK>und.— Sa"a
Lull Obl«po. Sant* Bnrhara, Lot
Aogeiei. l)eming. El Pa»o. New
Orlean*. New York. (Wttthotrad
anlvesvla9»nJc*qutDVallCT) tr»7%t.
8.CCP Palo Alto andWay Stallon" misi*
«11.30l Mlllbne. Palo Alto and w'.Vst*!
tlons.......... i>» a
mUMr Mlllbrae. San Jose'VadivW'sii
Uon - rs^sj
X Sat^'a^nd., on., P fOr "*«»*
tEtopa at all aitatlom en Sunday.
.1 Sunday excepted. J Sunday only
a e«turd&7 only. * '
* C< vu e . C » t ii' t *f*w. n .« < " , w!l * »»«»¦ for n«afont
0^
mHo*m Tint iumatV*j gP cti at. v umQ f* . .
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
lllllJIII ¦Vrr^f'^rT^T F
-i U-JLffB 1 1 1 1 x * n^ttttw*^-i^yjds.^Kff .^. ¦ w^^.
Trff»il ill t ftJ^ir?.Ti I
nil lJwP5Sl^^?»akJ I ku w4?^r
The Only Double-Track Railway Between
the Missouri River and Chicago.
The
The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Southern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North»Western Rys.
Leaves San Francisco daily at io.coa.tn. Two
other trains daily at S.oo a. m. and b.co p. m.
For tickets, sleeping: car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
R. R. RITCHIE.
Genera! Agent Chicago Sc North- Western Riilway.
617 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
NWS7
_. T . ¦¦¦¦.¦¦¦ .— !
; "I
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN KY. CO. |
LESSEE !
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1F10 j
eailway coaxFAznr.
Trbnron Perxy, Toot of Market St.
SAZT PEANCISCO TO SAN EAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:CO 9:00. 11:00 a. m. :
12:35. 2:TO. 3:40. 5:10. 5:00. 6:30 and 11:30
P. rn. ¦
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10 6:C0. 11:30 p. m.
SAXT BAFAEI. TO SAN FEAXXCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS — 6:05 6:50 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. rn.; 12:50. t2:0O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35 0:20. 11:15 a. rn. : 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
tExcept' Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive i
SanFranclgco.f May 3. 1903. | San Francisco. \
Week I Sur.- I Destlna- I Sun- ! Week
Days. ! days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 7:45al 7:45a
7:.10a 8:00 a 8:40af8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10 :2U a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:0O p| 6:20 p
5:10p 6:10p 6:2Op 7:25p
7:25 p|
7:30a 7:30a 7:43 a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a Xovato. I0:20al0:20a
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:25p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. | |
7:30 a 7:30 a' |10:20a 10:20 a
S:0Oa 8:00a Fulton. 7:25p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p| | 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Hfaldsburgr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7:25 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 a! Tlopland^ |10:2Oall0:20 a
2 :30 p| 2 :30 p| and Uklah. | 7 :25 p| 7 :25 p
7:30a| 7:30 a| Willits. | 7:25 pj 7:25*p
"fi:COa| S:00a| Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Gueraeville. j 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:C0al S:00al Sonoma. I s :40 a I S:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:0") p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:3O p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevill* and Green-
wood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakenort and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah • for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, -Witter Spring-.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley, John Day's,
Riverside, LJerly's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal;*at Wlllits for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto, Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cura-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Garberville Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates..
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office, 650 Market street, Chronicle
bulldinr.
• H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
_ TQ SAN RAFAEL>
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS—^Holidays excepted) — 6:4.\
t»7-45 8:45 9:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. M:45. 3:15.
4:15. t3:lS> '*«:15. 6:45. 9. 11:45 t>. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does net run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS 'AND LEGAL. HOLIDAYS— 7.
•?¦$ t'» t*10, 11. ¦?11:30 a. m., ft2:U0. 1*1:30.
2:35. *3 :30. 5, 6, 7:00, 9. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qucntln. Those ;
marked <t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur- '
riays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. J6:25, 7:40, 8:15. $0:35.
11:05 a. m., 12:30, 2:20. $3:45. 4:30. 6:30. 6:43,
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:33. JS:10. 0:40. $10:55.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50, 2:30, $3:25. 4:M. $5:50.
«:55 7:35, 10:20 p. m. •
Trains marked •$) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25,
1»:45. 11:10 a. m., 12:40, 2:45, 4:15. 6:10, 7:03.
10:40 r>. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m., 12:05
1:05. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:10 p. m. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
.7:45 a. m., week days — Cazadero and ' way-
stations. .
• 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays— Cazadero tnd way
stations.
Sundays and. Legal Holidays— 8 a. tn., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Foot, of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Ti» StustUu firry 1 Arrve '
SaaFran. Nadtoitu' Sagg£.
Week Sun- 'i*ni- Week"
9:45a 8:OOa f^Mtt^A Vi:OOs 9^37
=11 w bS
J2SSL I 83 *.*!* 5 *" ST4 (North Shore Railroad;"
WfKB >andSAOSAUTO>KKJtY Foot MarketSL.
OCEAN TEA VEL.
COSCPASIOI 6EKEKALS THAWSATLAlfTlon 1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead ft ***T£p
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pjer 4- 4lti®
North River, foot of Morton atr^T* "™***
• First-class to Havre. $70 and unwirf a
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upwart nl'S"
ERAL AGENCY FOR^JNITED SBSka^Mrt
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hurtion ButM^, ?
New York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO. Racine cSfii
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. Saa FnfnS^i 1
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlcke? A^SS."^TACOMA. July ; 28.— WHEAT— Steady," un
chaneed. Bluest-m . 80oj Club. Mo.
WASHINGTON
OREGON.
¦ PORTLAND. July 28.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 78c; Bluestem. 78c;. Valley, 77c. ¦ .
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, July 28.— Clearings, $768,035;
balances, J222.453. -
TACOMA, July 2S. — Clearings, $281,934; bal
ances. $75,016. ¦ : -¦„,¦¦ ¦
PORTLAND. July 28.— Clearings, $420,344;
balances. $40,540. -
SPOKANE, July 28.-7Clearlngs, $344,208;
balances. $16,7G0.
Northern Business.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.75<B5c; San Quentln.
5 55c- Wool Bags, 32S35c; Fleece Twine, 7%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6«,4c 6%c and 7&c for
t the three grade*
! CANNED FRUITS — The -California Fruit
J Canners' Association announces the following
! price list for 1903 pack:
" ~ » W 35 CO
? ml 5} %¦.
* §* & SL
FRUITS. H » cl I*
a- ?•¦ I i
Apples m"55 n"30|$T20 $1 10
Apricots 1 50 1 20 110 100
t Blackberries .1 60 1 40 1 30 1 20
Cherries, R. A. .... 2 15 190 170 140
Cherries, white .... 175 160 135
Cherries, black 2 00 1 73 1 60 1 35
Grapes •• ....... 1 35 1 20 110 100
Yellow Free Peaches 1 60 1 30 1 15 1 03
Lemon Cling Peaches.... 175 145 120 110
: Do. sliced 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 10
White H'th Peaches.... 1 75 1 45 1 20 1 10
(Pears ."........ 1 «» 160 130 115
i Plums 135 1 15 1 05 ' 93
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 10 1 SO
Strawberries .......... -I 2 00 175 160 140
COAL— Wellington. $8 per tpn; New Welling
ton. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50: Roslyn.
$7; Coos Bay. $3 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7 50;
Richmond. ' $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Welch Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton;
'. ri^ic* sn 50613 s cr ton In bulk and $15 la
i The -j: fruit i market • had a > little better • tone
than on • the - preceding : day, • receipts • of ' most
descriptions 1 being , lighter and the demand
mnw , oaUw*. Haxtlett Fum ' in ' Ultka nn»n
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦Butter is easy and quiet at. Monday's de
cline, with more on the market than the de
mand can absorb.
' Cheese Is unchanged, some houses reporting
a steady and others a weak market, and all
being well supplied.
¦ Eggs ' are rather firm than ¦ otherwise and
stocks are 'not -too large for easy handling.
Receipt* ' were . 64,600 lbs Butter, 827 cases
Eggs and 3500 lbs Cheese.
. BUTTER— Creamery. -24@25c: dairy. 22%@
24c: store Butter, 17fl2Oc; Eastern, nominal.
CHEESE — New, 12%@13c: Young America.
14% ©15c: Eastern, 14%@15%c;- Western, 14®
15c cer lb. - .
EGGSr-Ranch.<2C@27%c for large white se
lected • and 24@25c for good to choice; store,
18(&23c; Eastern. 18@21c per dozen.
Butter/ Cheese and Eggs.
ST. LOUIS, July 28— Wool, steady: medium
grade*, combing and - clothing. 18@22c: light
fine, 16®>18c; heavy fine, 12©15c; tub washed,
2O-g29%c. ¦
St. Louis Wool Market.
General Merchandise.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
the following changes from the conditions re
cently reported, | the demand remaining moder
-». .mi tht tan« rather steady. . Common. . 40
COFFEE— Spot, quiet. The . market for cof
fee future* closed steady at a partial advance
of 5 points. Sales were 10,250 bags,' Including
Augutt. 3.C5c: September, 3.75c; October. 3.85c;
December. 4.70c; March, 4.40c; May, 4.55c,
SUGAR— Firm. <<;
DRIED FRUITS.<
WOOL— Firm,
NEW YORK. July 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28,400 barrels. Less active, but held at old
WHEAT — Receipts, 48,750 bushels. Spot,
easy; No. 2 red. 82%c elevator and 83%c f. o.
b • No 1 Northern Duluth. 03%c f. o. b.
afloat- "No. 1 hard Manitoba, 94%c f. o. b.
afloat. Options, after a sharp early advance
occasioned by bullish threshing news, broke
under general realizing, influenced by larger
Western receipts and an increase In world's
stocks for the week In the Government's crop
bulletin. Xhe close was '4@%c net lower.
May 84'/iffx85Vic, closed 84%c; July. 819i@83c
closed 82%c; September 82%@83%c, closed
t>2%c: December. 82 ll-ltieSSftc. closed. 82%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
LEATHER— Quiet.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 28. — The cotton market
opened steady at a decline of 1 point to an
advance of 0 points. The final tone was steady,
with the old crop 30 to 40 points lower and
the new from 6 to 10 points higher.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
• . ' £ K K g . 2 5
¦ i I iHl:| If I
WnoNS. \ I § 1 1 |3 ?- I
r.ak*-r '. 29. »4 « CO NW Clear .00
Carson 25*. W4 M K2 W Cloudy .00
Eurrkft 30.10 58 &2 N Cloudy .OH
Fre*no 29. Mi 100 €4 NW Clear .00
Flaffstaff 29.78 Wl 52 NW Clear .00
Indrpendence .29.78 f«4 C,t FE Clear .01
I os An*c-l«-», .29.»4 M» 52 W . Clear .00
5tt TamaIpats."W>.<l2 78 «2 NW Pt.Cldy .00
North He«.4...»>.l0 <*) 5« NW Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix .''....28.70 Ifrt W> F\V Clear .00
Pocatello 2».M M &4 fl Clear '.03
Portland 80.00 >>2 M NW Clear .00
Pt Jteye* 29. SS M 4* SW Foggy .00
P.rd Bluff 29.MJ 98 m BE Pt.Cldy .00
Tloseburg 29.06 W5 T,2 NE Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.O0 86 54 S Clear .00
Fait Lake 2».*2 fH «6 N Cloudy .00
Fan Kranrl8co.30.02 «0 BO K\V Pt.Cldy .«*>.
fi L. <>t>lepo..M.i.-2 74 62 VV Clear .00
Pan Diego ...m.fU 70 «2 >'W . Clear .O0
battle 30.00 74 .12 W Clear .OO
Fpokane 2D.9I 82 «) E Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.12 t,H !Mi h\V Cloudy .02
'Walla Walla. .».«< HO C2 W Pt.Cldy .00
M'innernucca .29.WJ KS 4* fi\V Cloudy .«0
Tuma IH.72 10C 70 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pre«rure ha* fellen nlotrly over the en
tire rountry *'"t of the Rocky Mountains. A
moderate «>pre*i:lon overlies Arizona; and
•here are some indication* that the Ci»tuxbane»
>12Otfc Meridian— Parifle Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, July 28. 1903—5 p. m
Weather Report*
Receipts of domestic Poultry were light and
as there wa» no Western offerings the market
had a firmer tone and the stock moved oft
more freely. Small Broilers, which had been
quoted low and dull for some weeks, had a
slight advance and prices of Ducks, old Roos
ters and Fryers had a narrower range. The
car of Western that was expected yesterday
was delayed t-n route and is not expected be
fore to-morrow.
Game was in moderate receipt and cleaned
up readily at unchanged prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese
per pair, $1 25@1 50: « Goslings, $l 25®1 50;
Ducks, $3 50@4 per dozen for old and $4®4 50
for young; Hens, $4ff5; young Roosters, ?0#H;
old Roosters, $4 B0<R"5; Fryers. $4©4 50; Broil
er*. $."J©3 50 for. large and $2 50@3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 50 for
Squabs.' .
GAME— Rabbits, $1 25<S1 75 per dozen;
Hare, $1 25; Wild Doves, 6O@75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
The feeling in Hogs continues weak, with
receipts slowly increasing, though prices show
no decline. Good heavy Beef Is reported
scarce, while medium and light cattle are
plentiful. There is no scarcity of Mutton.
Prices for all descriptions remain practically
unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@7Uc for Steers and 5@6c perlb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc: small. 9@9%c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 8@0c; Ewes, 888 %c per
Spring. 10@10%c per lb. - . -^ : •-„ ,-
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8%09%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: .- ;-¦•'•¦'.•
¦ CATTLE — steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@Sc: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4®5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes. 3%©3%c per lb
L* MBS— Spring. $2 75®3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6U<S^c;
under 140 lbs. 5i/j©0c: Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
Meat Market.
Do lem 58.117% — (1912) ...-. _ US
NRfltC 68.105 lOO S P C lcgSs.lSOH — '
N R C(ofC)5s — .— Vo strapd- — ' 100K
N P C RR5s — 108% S P B R 6s. — HO
N C Ry 5s. — 114»£ S V Wat 6a.lO7 —
N C P 5s.. 100 — Do 4s 2dm. 90% —
N S R 6s.. — '100 Do 4s 3dm. 99%100>4
O O L H os.110 — Stkn OAE Cs 95 —
Oak T 6s — 121% U O A E 6s. 105 107
, - WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 61 I Port Costa.. 64 68tf
Marln Co ,. 60% — | Spring Val.. 84H 8S%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 4% 6Vi Sac E OAR. 2» —
Equit Gas.. 4% 5 8 F G A E. 67% 6*
Mutual ELU 13% 3 F Gas 3 3^£
Pac O Imp.. 52% 53% Stkn O A E. S • —
Pac L CO... 65% 56<ri U O A E... Zi% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
SFG1E.6SS
INSCRANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.S23 — \
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — 1 Lon P A A.I6S -m
Anglo-Cal .. »4 97 Merch Trust. — 260
Bank of Cal — 575 Merch Ex ..55 75
C S D & T.142%160 S F Nation! — —
First Natlonl — — > I ~ ?
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger SAL.— 2C75 Sav A L So.. D2Ja —
Hum SAL— — Sec Sav Bk.4OO 600
Mut S Bank. 95 — . Union T Co.2150 —
S F Sav ,U.tjO<J 750 ,_ jfijggsj
STREET RAILROADS. fljfjjj
California ..199 205 j Presidio ....35 SO
POWDER.
Giant — — /Vlgorlt ...... 4 1%
SUGAR,
Hana P Co.. — 15c Kilauea S C. 5 8H
Hawaiian C. 44% — Makawell S . — 24
Honokaa S C — 13 Onomea 8 C. 23V« 24
Hutch S P C 13% — Paauhau 8 C 15 IT
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. BfdAsk.
4s qr coup.. im; 4sqc <newT.I35%13e}»
4s qr- reg.. .111 111% Za qr coup. .108)4109
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — I Do 5s .... — llitt
Bay CPC 5s. — 105%l Do coa 6s. — 105
C C C G&ESs — 107% O W C m 5s, -^ 100
Cal G & E c Oceanic SC5s — - 93 •
ra and ct5s — 100 Om C R 6*.. —...123
Cal-st- C 5s. — — Pac G Impts 99 , — .
C C Wat 5s. 9J> — P B Ry 5s.. — 10T
E.i L & P 6s. 123 — P A C R Cs. — —
rciR 6s..ii«j»5 ' — ptones. — —
Geary-st R5a — I — Pow«U-st 63.II8H —
H CAS 5%s.lO2% — S E GARSa, — 104
H'C & 8 5a. - 100 SF A SJV59.12O —
Hon R T 6s. — 108 S R of C <*.110K11234
L A Elec 5s. — — 3 P of A 6a
LA Ry 5s.. ¦— 114% (1909) 107% —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 108U — •
. Do gtd fo. — — S P of C «•
Do gtd 6a. 106 — (19OS)Sr A.103%104U
LAP lem 5s.1C3%10414 (1908)Sr B. — 10SU
Mkt-st C «s. — 123Tsi (1906) ....107 —
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY, July 29— 3 p. m,
• Territory: Idaho — Fine, 14@15c: medium
fine. Hi%?fl7%c; medium, lS@19c. Wyoming —
Fine, lififlBo; fine medium. l«%@17%c; me
dium, 18%@10%c: Utah and Nevada— Fine,'
15®16c; fine medium, 17@18c; medium, 10@20c.
Dakota — Fine, 15©lt!c; fine medium. 16%«J
17%c; medium. ]'.Vg20c. Montana— Fine choice,
18@lf>c: fine medium to choice, 1S@19c; a%-er
age.-17@17%c; staple. lS®l»c; medium choice.
11XS20C. Colorado, New Mexico, etc. — Fine, 11
t/'12<;; fine, medium, 14@15c:' medium, 15tf?16c.
New Mexico — Improved, ir><8>16c. Arizona —
Heavy, 13@14c: average, ¦ 15® 10c; choice, 170
18c. Georgia, 23%<g24c.
BOSTON, July 28.— There 1r very little
change in the wool market here this week and
there is a fair amount of business doing. Quo
tations:
Boston Wool Market.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 14,000; to-morrow,
PO.CGO: left over, IJOOn. Slow but steady. Mixed
and butcherH. $5 254? 5 CO; good to choice
heavy. $5 35rg5 50; rough heavy. $5@5 30;
light, $5 30*71 5 70; bulk of sales. $3 30®5 65
SHEEP— Receipts. 14,000. Sheep, steady:
lamb*, steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 75
SS4; fair to choice mixed, $.'{©3 CO: Western
sheep. $.'! 25@4; native lambs, $3 25@0 23-
Western lambs, $5 40@0 05.
CHICAGO, July 28.— CATTLE — Receipts,
5000, including lOoO Texans. Steady. Good to
prime steers. $5 20f?5 53; poor to medium, $4®
5; stackers and feeders, $2 50@4 35; cows. $1 50
<g4 50; heifers, $2 25$75; cannerw, $1 50412 CO:
bulls, $2 2564 35: calves, $3®« tjO; Teias fed
steers. $3 5004,75; Western steers, $4 60.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, July 28.— The London tin mar
ket was firmer and higher to-day, an advance
of £1 2s 6d being reported on spot, which
closed at £125~12s b'd, while futures advanced
£1 10s to £122 10s. Locally tin was also
firmer and higher, closing at $28 40iff28 60.
Copper In London was higher, spot advancing
12s Cd to £57 7s (id, while futures were 17s fid
higher at £55 12s Cd. Locally copper was
more or less nominal. Lake and electrolytic
are quoted at $13613 25, and casting at $12 75.
Lead was unchanged in London at £11 6s 3d,
and locally It was a little lower on the outside
price at $4 30iJ?4 40.
Spelter was unchanged in London at £20 2s
Cd. and locally at $4 87%.
Iron closed at 52s 3d tn Glasgow and at 4Gs
10%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was quiet
and more or less nominal. No. 1 foundry,
Northern. $18 25018 75; No. 2 foundry, North
ern. $17 50S18; No. 1 foundry. Southern, and
No. 1 Foundry, Southern, soft. $17 60018.
Nczv York Metal Market.
Extreme dullness characterizes the market
for local securities, sales being few and smart,
and the oil stocks are neglected. Hutchinson
Sugar was weaker yesterday at $14 23Q14. and
Alaska Packers' sold down to $148%. Gas
and Electric sold at {63 and Use certificates
at $C7.
The San Joaquin Oil and Development Com
pany paid a dividend of 5c yesterday.
Pittsburg Oil will pay a dividend of 2%e, or
$6000, on the 1st.
The Onomea Sugar Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend of, 20 cents per share,
payable August 6.
NEW YORK. July 28. — The stock market
this morning showed the continuing effect of
the clearing atmosphere which resulted from
yesterday's and Friday's (allures and the
market became quite generally strong. But
the brighter sentiment over the outlook did not
hold its full force throughout the day. There
was a rather pronounced reaction at the last,
which wiped out the most Important part of
the day's gains and took a few of the grain
carriers a point or more below last night.
New York Central was the conspicuous leader
of the advance, rising at one time 2% over
laft night on buying reputed to "oe of the best
character. The sentimental effect on the mar
ket of the buying of this stock and of Penn
sylvania and the affiliated stocks as well as
of the coalers and of the' high-grade railroad
stocks was considerable. Atchison suffered
most acutely among the market leaders and
its drop to 1% below last night upset the late
market and led the whole list downward. The
grain carriers were not strong at any time
and were presumably affected by the 1 reports
of hot winds In the corn belt and by the
Weather Bureau's weekly bulletin on corn
and spring wheat. Reports of crop damage
were reinforced by the upward movement of
prices in the grain markets and the develop
ment of profit taking in those markets did not
save stocks from the late react kn. The im
proved sentiment this morning was. largely due
to the understanding that the closing out of
hypothecated securities for loans, both of the
failed firms and of others under pressure for
payment of loans on collateral for which the
market Is not active is to be suspended for the
present to await a more favorable market.
Late in the day there was indication of a re
sumption of selling out of collateral In rome
loans. The buying throujrh commission houses
was reported to he better than for many weeks
and was hopefully regarded. But this buying
did not follow the market upward. There was
evidence of a purpose to drive in the bears
In the calling In of stocks loaned for delivery
on short contracts, and in the character of
dome of the rumors which wert set afloat.
There was a report of a private settlement be
tween the Union Pacific Interests and of last
week's failed firms, looking to taking over of
large holdings of Southern Pacific and a re
sumption by the firm. This was denied when
the Union Pacific directors assembled to de
clare the regular dividends. Toledo, St. Louis
and Western was reported to have passed to
Grand Trunk control. An offer of 50 for
Evansvllle and Terre Haute control was al
lered to have been made by an anonymous
bidder. Colorado Fuel was said to have ac
quired the Utah Iron Company and its price
shot up nearly a dozen points on a few; Inter
vening sales Just at the last. The -other sto
ries were effective In varying degree In i*aus-
Ing sharp bidding for the stocks. The renewal
of 'the *teel billet pool seemed to be hopefully
regarded among Iron and steel companies'
shareholders and stocks of that rroup were
quite generally strong. The time money mar
ket was reported appreciably higher and some
long time loans were reported to have been ne
gotiated below « per cent. • Sanguine hopes
were expressed of a strong bank statement 1 on
next Saturday. But the obvious fact was that
the demand from the shorts was growing satis
fied and that the Investment was not follow
ing the price In stocks. When traders at
tempted to take profits on the day's rise the
market rave way and closed unsettled and Ir
rerular.
Bonds were strong and higher. Total eales,
par value. >3.4%5.OOO.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 30,000 03 . 63V1 «3%
Atchlson pfd .. &O0 »0 8flW t®%
Baltimore & Ohio.; 18.300 M% ftt% 83%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 3.000 SB*i • K5
Canadian Pacific... 6.100 123% 122% 122%
Cent New Jersey.. 100 1«1 l«l i.v>
Ches A Ohio 3,100 33% 32»,J 82%
Chicago A Alton... 2,200 23 22»4 22%
Chgo & Alien pfd.. • 300 (56 «6 66
Chgo & O Western. 4.SO0 15% 14% 13%
C4GW, Bpfd... 300 .'52 31 31
Chgo & Northwstn. 1.100 1C5«4 164% 165
Chgo Term & Trn. 200 11% 11 10%
Chgo T & T pfd... 1.200 21 .21 2O
C. C, C & St Louis. 800 74 72% . 72%
Colo Southern l,«0O 14 13% 13%
Colo So 1st pfd.... 1,500 51% 50 ' 51
Cdo So 2d pfd 1,300 22% 22 22
r>«.l X. Wt.rf.nt.. fcOO 1«<» '<« 1«UU
Neiv York Stock Market.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Hides continue easy, in sympathy with the
Eastern markets, and prices show «ome de
cline. Tallow is also weak.
Wool Is firm and In good demand and coarse
grades are especially wanted. Spring clips are
almost cleaned out of the market.
Hops rule firm at previous quotations, but
the market exhibits no new features.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers 10%c; medium. 9V4c; light, 8%c: Cow
Hides,' 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
7c- Salted Kip. »c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted
Calf 10c; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf' 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25030c each;
short wool. 40*S50c each; medium. 70®90c; long
wool $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 73
for large and $2 2502 50 for medium. $2 for
small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1®1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck eklns — Dry
Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican, 26c; dry
Central American. 33c. Goat skins— Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 60c; medium, 35c;
small 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4*i©5Hc per lb:
No. 2. 4@4%c: grease. 2%®3%c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaqutn Lambs'. 9®
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendocino. 181020c; Foothill, de
fective, ll«I13c; Nevada, 12fil.V; San Joaquin.
defective. 9®llc per lb; Southern. &l?llc; Vm
ley Oregon, fine. ISfftlOe: do. medium, 16®17c:
do. coarse, 15@16c; Lambs', 15c per lb.
HOPS — 17V'««r20c to growers and 21@22c from
dealers to brewers. Crop of 1903, 16%c bid for
the best.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1 25@1 75 pcr
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 50®2 25; from
Berkeley. $1 60; i Asparagus, $1 25@2 50 per
box; Green Peas. 3@4c per lb; String Beans
263o per lb; Wax. 3$24c; Llira Beans, 7@8 C
per lb; Tomatoes. 25@30c for small boxes and
Mw?85c for large boxes from the river: Summer
Squash. :i5®50c per box; Cabbage 75c@$l per
ctl; Carrots. 75c® $1 per sack; Cucumbers 33
«?50c per box; Garlic, 2%©3c per lb: Dried
Peppers. 5c per lb; Green Peppers, 40@05c per
box for Chile and OOcftSl 25 for Bell; Green
Okra. C0@75c per box; Egg. Plant, 75c@$I per
box.
POTATOES— New White. 00c@$l 35 per ctl
In sacks and $1 2^@1 50 in boxes; Early Rose
75c<S$l ; Garnet Chiles. $1®1 15 " *
ONIONS— 65<f?65c per ctl. * v • ¦.
The Potato market was In good shape, the
demand for local consumption and for ship
ping being steady. Receipts were liberal but
moved off well at sustained rates Desirable
lots of fancy Whites were eagerly sought after
by dealers and sold above the quoted rates,
some. lots in sacks selling up to $1 50 per cen
tal and in boxes at $1' 75. There was a fair
movement In Onions, but as supplies were
ample, prices were unchanged.
Trading in Vegetables was active, but as re
ceipts of nearly all descriptions .were heavy
prices had a downward tendency. The market
was overstocked with Tomatoes and prices de
clined sharply. Occasional sales were reported
above the quoted rates, but the seneral run of
supplies were well covered by the quotations.
Asparagus. Green Corn, String Beans and
Lima Beans were steady at the previously
quoted rates. Chile Peppers. Egg Plant. Cu
cumbers and Summer Squash continued to ar
rive freely and ruled easy at previous prices.
The other Vegetables were in ample supply and
unchanged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $2®2 25 per ctl
BEANS— Bayos. $3 6003 70; Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Butters, $3 25; small White $3 15@3 30
large White, $2 00fJ3 15; Pink $2 no®3-
Red. $2 0003; Lima, $3 45©3 60; Red Kidneys
nominal: Blackeye. $2 50@3 per ctl- Horse
Beans. $1 25@1 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 90<8'2; Canary, 5%c
for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape 1%@
2%c; Timothy. e@«l%c; Hemp 3};«T3%c per lb;
Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $1S#2O per
ton.
Beans continue quiet at unchanged prices
and Seeds are dull and nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
Among the more Important increases reported
this week were those of 102,000 bushels at
Chicago private elevators, 95,000 bushels at
St. Joseph, S1.000 bushels at Dallas and t>5,000
bushels at East St. Louis.
The leading 'decreases are those of 150,000
bushels in Manitoba and 89,000 bushels at
Cuteau. ¦..',-• . *
NEW YORK. July 28.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes in avail
able supplies as compared with last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
th* Rockies, increase, 30,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, decrease, 100,000 bushels: total
supply Increased 38,000 bushels. Corn— United
States and Canada, east of the Rocky Moun
tains, decreased hOS.OOO bushels. Oats — United
states and Canada, east of the Rockies, In
creased 807.000 bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
TUESDAY. JULY 23.
pour, qr sks 4.43n Surar, ctla sort
Itarley, ct!3 .... 4.30« Hides. Xo 22%
Oats, ctls 4.S2S Pelts. No 130
Beans, sks 31 [Leather, rolls .. li!>
Potatoes, sks ... 3.1fiSiTallow, etls .... 5
Pnions. sks .... .V>." Win*.- eals 19 MO
Feed, sks 15 Ume, bb!» 40?
Wool, bales .... 217 Pap«r. rms Ka
Corn, ctls 136 Powder, cars ... 605
Hay. tons 496 Quicksilver fisks 1ST
Straw, tons ..... 4 .
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 818
Receipts of Prr r 'tce.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Livermore — Beet crop at Pleasanton promises
well.
Santa Maria — Barley and oat threshing con
tinues heavy, but light wheat yield.
Cloverdale — Prunes filling out nicely.
Holllster — Sugar beets doing well, but small
acreage planted.
Hanford — Peaches • heavy crop; prunes fair.
Packing houses are all started.
Stockton — First peaches received at local
canneries to-day.
Willows — Wheat harvest about over.
Palermo — Orchardlsts beginning to dry
peaches.
Santa Rosa — Local canneries running on
blackberries and plums.
Napa — Corn looking fine.
A. G. M-.ADIE. Section Director.
Hay remains unchanged, being firm and
easy, according as receipts are large or mod
erate. Feedstuffs remain as before quoted the
moderate offerings being readily absorbed.
BRAN— $24 50<&23 per ton
MIDDLINGS— $27@3O per ton
SHORTS — J245J25 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled B"arley $22@23 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26#26 50;
Jobbing. $27#27 50; Cocoanut Cake •$20^21:
Corn Meal. $32 50® 33; Cracked Corn $33©
33 50; Mixed Feed. $23024; Horse Beans $30
per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $12^14; Wheat and Oat $11
«13; Oat. $10@12 50 : Barley. $8 60@ll; Clover
SDfflO; Stock. $S@9; Alfalfa $Sf 10 per ton '
STRAW— 35@60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The market remains as before, both here and
at Western packing centers. The feeling at
Chicago is bearish, as stocks are large, re
ceipts of Hogs liberal and packers not sustain
ing the market. " ¦'»*"¦'
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15c for light extra. 17c for sugar-cured and
ISc for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 14%@15c; California Hams, 140
14%c; Mess Beef. $11 50012 per bbl; extra
Mess $12@12 50; Family, $13 50; prime Mess
Pork.' $19; extra clear, $20; Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet,
$5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7t*c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half barrels, pure.
0=4c; 10 : lb tin* 10Kc; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
'cOTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0%c; three
half barrels. 0%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierce*.
JHic; five' tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60^
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50<34 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00@t 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs- Rye
Flour. $3 25; Ry e Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7:
Com Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $4®4 23; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50<?4 75; Cracked Wheat $3 50- Fa
rina. $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls. $6 75@8 60; in sacks, $6 25® 8 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split Peae boxes $"•
Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The millers have advanced all grades of
Flour 20c per bbl. There is no change irj
Mlllstuffs. ..;;i:
K 2 » 2 O <
-|f 11 II la if t%
STATIONS. 53 S 3 |- * g. 3 p,
? ? U : : :
: i rf : : : -
Cloverdale 82 49 Clear 1771 7.
Colusa 92 59 Clear
Eureka 6S 62 Cloudy N 6
Fresno 100 64 .... Clear NW 6
Hanford »» 56 .... Clear
Hollister *<> 45 Lt fog
Independence ..94 64 .... Clear SE 14
King City 86 50 .... Clear N Lt
Livermore $0 50 .... Clear
Los Angeles... 80 52 Clear W 8
Napa 78 48 Clear S
Newman 103 57 .... Clear
Palermo 95 54 .... Pt.Cldy S
Porterville 97 62 Clear NW . .
Red Bluff »8 «0 .... Pt.Cldy SE 6
Riverside 91 49 .... Clear .
Sacramento . . . w? 54 .... Clear 8 S
San Diego 70 C2 .... Clear NW 10
San Francisco., ff) 50 Pt.Cldy SW 20
San Joee 83 52 .... Clear
San L. Oblspo. 75 52 Clear \V 8
Santa Maria... 72 53 .... Clear W Fresh
Santa Rosa 77 49 Clear
Stockton 86 SA Clear .... . .
Willows 94 61 Pt.Cldy S
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No 2 spring wheat, 80@81c; No. 3. 76
®79c; No. 2 red. 77%@77%; No. 2. corn, 62c;
No 2 yellow 53®53%c; No. 2 oats. 42c; No. 2
white 39@39%c: No. 3 white. 34(0:35%c; No. 2
rye, 61c- good feeding barley. 32@40c; fair to
choice malting. 47053c; No. 1 flaxseed. P3c;
No 1 Northwestern. 97c; prime timothy seed,
$3 40; mess pork, per bbl. $13 30@13 35; lard,
per 100 lbs. $7 40'.j7 45: short ribs sides
(loose). $7 50@7 75: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7 5O*g7 «32%; short clear sides
(boxed), $$ 12%<38 25; whisky, basis of high
wines $1 35; clover, contract grade, (129
12 50.'
Articles — Receipts. , Shipments.
Flour bbls 14,400 15.200
Wheat bu 02.400 S3.10O
Corn bu 199.000 168,700
Oats' bu 487.000 178.000
Rye bu 4.S0O 2,800
Barley, bu 9.000 1,800
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creameries. 14<31S%c; dai
ries 13® 17c; eggs, easy at mark; cases includ
ed. ll©13c; cheese, stronir. ll@ll*;c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 0 3% 0 3
Closing 6 3% 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — July. Nov.-Feb.
• Opening 25 50 22 75
Closing 25 45 22 70
Flour —
Opening 32 15 30 40
Closing 32 10 30 40
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time. San Francisco, July 28.
Conditions under this head remain about as
before, the market being quiet, with something
doing in new fruits at the quotations. In the
course of a couple of weeks more trading in
the new crop ought to show some improve-
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 6%@9c for Royals:
Evaporated Apples, 5%c: Peaches. 4%©7c for
fair to good stock; Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples. 4^5%c;
sun-dried, 3@4c; Peaches, 4®5%c; Pears, 4®
4%c for quarters and 5@6%o for halves; Nec
tarines, 4@5c for white: Plums. 436c for pitted
and 1®1%c for unpitted; Figs. 3%@4c for black
and 4g5o for white.
PRUNES — 18C2 crop. 2%®2% for the four
sizes, with %«?lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-lb boxes, 5V«c per
lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas. 5c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%c; 2-crown London Layers. 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes. $2: 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials.
20-lb boxes. $.1; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons. 7»4c: choice. 7%c. ,_,,_.,
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12%@13c;
No 2, 10%«?ll%c; No. 1 hardshell. ll%@12c;
No! 2, 10@10%c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%@llc for I X L, 10<gl0% for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8§8%o for Languedoc: Peanuts. 5®7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $1 50
©5.
HONEY — Comb, new, nominal: new water
white extracted. 6%©6c: light amber extract
ed. 5S5%c; dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Articles— ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Ju^ h (ofdK?:. 2 7 7SJi 78% J7U, 77%
July (new) 78% 7S% ;. 77% 77y 4
September (old). 78% «£ - JS 78
September (new), 78% 78% 77% 77%
JufyT.f!?'.. 2 ". 52T4 C2% 51 % 52%
September 63% 53% 62V* 62 Ji
Dectmber 53% 53% 62% 52%
Oats No. 2 — „_ _„, - ....
May 37 .37 36% 36%
July 30 42 38% 42
September 34 34 33% 33%
December 34!^ 34T, 34% 34%
SeKbe^f^CO^lS 82% 13 60 13 62%
Septe r m'ber 7 60 7 80 7 60 ' 7 65
October 7 GO 7 67% 7 67% 7 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— „.„„,, ,
September 7 82% 8 07% 7 82% 7 00
Cctober 7 70 7 02% 7 70 7 80
Lou. Anreles Summary — Cr-oler week, with
mortiln.r cloudiness or fog in coast sections;
cood weather for beans. wMch are blooming
heavily. Warm, clear weather in the Interior
•favorable for fruit (Jryinjr. Late apricots and
early ; • *• '.. -- are keeping the farmers buty.
AbnoriyaJly cool weather prevailed In nearly
all p*rts T of the State during the week. Fogs
were frequent along the coast and generally
ctt-r weather prevailed in the interior.
Heavy dew* and for* retarded grain harvest
in (jm« plaAs. but were beneficial to sugar
beets and beans. Harvesting is nearing com
pletion f . in tome sections. The early wheat
crop it portions of the central and northern
dih-iricis is reported nearly average, while
«">me reports indicate that it will fall below
-.««¦ years yield. Barley in these districts Is
wuJ to« b# a rood crop. Wheat, oats, barley
i-.nd hay^in Southern California are excellent
crops, in most places the best for many years.
I.ate wheat will r* light In nearly all sections,
.^ugar l-e*t harvest 1* rrogreteing in the Ana
helm and Santa Mar'.a districts, tnd the crop
ie reported very good. Beans are doing well
;ind will make a fair crop. Hops are excellent
in quality, but the yield will be light.. Corn
and vegetables are in good condition.
Deciduous fruits ripened Fiowly owing to
<<x>l "-eather. and fruit doing was retarded
1 ¦>• the unfavorable conditions, especially In the
caht districts. Apricots are nearly all gath
<-rcd,- In most places the yield was better (han
• xi>ected and lilt- Quality excellent. Other
:ruiu are d^Mng well and will yield large crops.
Almonds are ripening. Pro*{*cts are good for
an unusually large yield cf raisin and table
•.rapes. • ¦-¦-• f >. lemons and olives are in ex
cellent condition. Th« southern honey yield is
li**t.
facramTto Valiey — The weather was clear
and cool during the wefk. but generally favor
«hl»> for crops. Harvesting and thrashing are
[•roKresstrur . and gttoA frops of wheat and bar
ley are beinc gathered. The wheat crop is
reported less tlian last wascn'i In some places
and of Inferior quality In ethers, while other
•»portis (how about «n average yield and good
quality. The cool weather retarded the ripen
ing of deciduous fruits to some extent, but this
wli\ not b* detrimental to the quality or yield.
ixnh cf which are reported excellent. Heavy
Fhipments cf pears, peaches and prunes are
•being mad«nfrom faeramer.to and other places,
f ar.d dri^d apricots are going to market in large
'luantltles. Almonds at Willows are ripening
rr.pidly. Graphs continue In frood condition
sr.d will yield heavily. Oranges at Palermo are
lu.,k:n»c well.
Ooast and Bay Sections — Cloudy or foggy
wither prevailed along the coist and gener
ally clear weather In the lntetnr. The tem
iierature was below ncrrnal In all sections.
Har-vesting. thrashing and hay baling are in
rre<rr**s. Wheat is eaid to be below average
In j»om* places, but barley is vlelding a pood
«toj>. The hay crop is not up to expectations.
•:t 1*, of good quality. Beans are dcing well
»nS. wiU yield nearly an average crop. Hops
are Raid to b* of superior quality, but the yield
wiM crobably be light: harvest will commence
ol*out August 23. Aprfccts are yielding better
fnsn *>xpect*d In some sections and are of ex
tvllentr quality. Apples will yield a good crop.
Graphs in all sections are reported in splendid
•?¦ninicn and large yields are expected. Cool
*»-*-a.ther retarded the ripening of fruits, but all
i»r« reported as doing well.
. Ban Jo&quln Valley — Clear, cool weather pre
vailed during the past week. These conditions
rrmtly retarded the ripening of fruit and mel
oni». Grain harvertiryr and thrashing continue
in some localities and the crop Is fair. Lanre
Quantities of §rra!n are tx°ing; stored in the
warehouses. Cutting and drying of fruit are
Tiro^resslxyr. The p*a/,h crop Is large and of
«-xr*-Ilent quajity. Reports generally Indicate
h. large' grape «rop. hut In name pections there
K complaint of mildew forming on the irrapes.
owing to cool weather. The watermelon, crop
is tery* and of excellent quality. The outlook
Jw rood for a larre orange crop. Vegetables
urn in fine condition. Irrigating water is get
t1ri«r sr*j-ee.
Southern California — The weather daring the
w**k was favorable for crop*, foirs In the coast
district benefit! r.g beans and beets. Heavy
crop* of wheat, oats, barley and hay are be-
Inir hart%»sted in nearly all unction*, and all
are said to be excellent in quality. Sugar b**t
harvest Ms In progress at Anaheim and Santa
Maria: the crop is reported good. Late pota
toes; are being planted. The crop of mustard
f.»wi at "Lompoc Is turning out better than ex
pected. The yield of honey at Poway is light.
• Grapes in all sections ar* in good condition
and will yifrld heavily. Oranres and lemons
ar« rn-ojrrefElng favorably, \pricots are nearly
|ftD jfachered. Other derlduoiif fruits are ripen
inr and will yield fair firops.
• Kureka Summary — Harvesting. thrashing
f-.n/l hay baling propretspil rapidly. In the mid
dle and southern portions of the county the
yield ¦'% Bar ar.d grain is rood: in the northern
r<rtion. fair. Crops are renerally better than
exr<ertr<l. Rome early apples are ripe.
GENERAL SUMMARY
-The Weather and Crops.
••'¦ -¦ -
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
flirertor of the climate and crop eervice of
•he'. Weaker Bureau. Is as follows :
ciation:
BEEF— Prime Roast. 15QlSc; Porterhouse
•tftk lX0'22%c: T«-nderlcin Steak. 15(518<*:
; irloln Steak. 12%Cjl5c; Top Round Steak.
2J4ej Beef Stew. 10c: Corned Beef. SSlOc;
;.iup Bones. 4c: Soup Meat. 5610c.
VEAL— Loin Roast. 15©20r; Shoulder Roaet.
-%S15c; Cbcps or Cutlets, 15@2Oc; Stew, 12%
MUTTON — Leg, 12%©15c; Forequarter. S3
<ic: 6te»-. 83 10c: Prime Chops. 12%^18c.
LAMB — Leg. 20c; Forequartcr. 12%@15r;
iindquarter. 18S20c; Ehouldtr Roast. 10S
2'jC; Chops, 15©18c.
PORK— Rpast. 12%®lRe: chops. lD©18c.
Thes* prtAs do not cover the cheaper grade*.
m it 1^ impossible to quote regular prices on
hem.
Th» following retail prices for Meats are
joted by the P.etail Butchers' Protective Afc-
Retail Meat Prices.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday and Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day, with fog; light southerly wind, changing
to brisk westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weathfr Wednesday; possibly showers in the
mountains: fresh southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday: pos
sibly showers in the mountains; light south
erly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday
The following high winds are reported: El
Paso. SO miles, from the northeast; Modena,
CO. couthwest. and North Head. .'{3. northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 29:
may move northward. There is considerable
cloudiness over Central and Northern Califir
nla.
There has been but little change in temper
ature over the western half of the country.
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $9 43 per
2000 lbi and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per Jb. 4%c;
c&*es, regular, 5c; cases, extra large. 5V»c;
Eastern style. 6c: boneless. 6c; "Norway," »<;;
"Narrow Gauge." 6%c: "Silver King." 7%c;
blocks. ••Oriental." «c; blocks. Seabright. 6%c;
tablets. 7c; middles. 7t?S%c: boneless. 8®9c;
pickled Cod. bbls. |7 60; pickled Cod. half bbls,
$4 75.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 12@13%c for •trtctly
prime to fancy washed. 11©11%o for prime
washed. 10%©llc for gcod washed. 9%©ll%o
for good to prime washed peaberry, 8%©9%c
for good to prime peaberry. 9*8>10%c for good
to prime. 7©S&e for fair. 4©6%c for common
to ordinary.
Salvador— ll©12c for strictly prime washed.
8%610%c for good to prime washed. 7%68o
; for fair washed. 9<®10%c for fajr to prime
; washed peaberry. SgS^c for good to prime
semi-washed. 7%i59c for superior unwashed.
7&7%c for green unwashed, 7%®8Vio for good
to superior unwashed peaberry. 4360 for Infe
rior to ordinary. •
Nicaragua— 11%®12c nominal for prime to
fancy washed. 8<S?10e nominal for fair to
strictly good washed. 7@7%c for good to supe
rior unwashed. 7% ©So for good to prime uxw
washed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 11-glltc for prime
to fancy washed. 10@10%c for strictly rood
washed. 9^(&i»%c for good washed. 7%flS%o
for fair washed. 6@7%c for medium. 4«6c for
inferior to ordinary. S%#10%c for fair to prim*
washed peaberry. *'§8Hc for good to prime un
washed peaherry. 7t»Sc nominal for good to su
perior unwashed.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows. 60 dayi or % per ceft discount for
cash: Manila. 14%c: Sisal. ll%c: Duplex.
10%e; Bale Rope. ll@ll%c per pound
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 2O«32c; extra
heavy, 3(hS40c per lb; medium 27329c- light
24«*26c; Rough Leather. 2632Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy. 3.1.330c for No. 1 and 30«*;55o
for No. 2; medium. 30<O37c: light 29<&33e-
Skirting. No. 1, 40<S12c; No. 2. 36@3$c- Collar
Leather. 13'alt:.- per foot: Trace Leather. 4<wj
44c; Kip. unfinished. 40(S50c per lb; Veal fin
ished. WUCOc per lb; Calf. flnl«hed, <t3r£fi per
L b: ,.. Wax .J?, ldes ' 16 ® 17c PW foot: Belt Knit*
fcpllts. 14f»l(Sc; Rough Splits. «j@10c per lb.
«t7-^« RIC — Gr0URd ' *'*WX Per ton; stick.
$13 50-®16 per cord.
°1L — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases. Kc more: Castor Oil. in cases
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. *1 10«l 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra- winter strained, barrels. 9Oc; cases »5o:
China Nut. 57%t?t;2c per gallon; pure X»at<
foot. in barrels, 73c; cases. sOc- Sperm pure
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 6<>g55o per gal
lon: Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; cases. 50c: C«>
! coanut Oil in barrels, T-Hc for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water Whlf* Coal Oil In balk
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. 20 Vic; Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20«ic; Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 2«%c:
Eocene. 23%c: deodorized Stove Gasoline in
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23 %c: Benzine, in bulk.
l?*,i ™ cases - *•%£• 8«-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 21c: in cases. 27%&
TURPENTINE— 73c "per gallon in case* and
67c in drums and iron barrel*
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6®
6%c per lb; White Lead. Cmiic. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $4t 5O«?I6 for local use and
$43 5o per flask for export.
SALT — The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool $1491rt-
Bales, common. $1 SK»: Dajry. per ton. $13 25-
Half Ground. $12 25#12 75; Rock Salt. $10 50<*S
12 25; imitation Liverpool. $1.1 25®14- Granu
lated. $13 2."© 14 p*r ton.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6 73c-
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated. 5 60c-'Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse
5.50c: Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only>. r..40c: Confectioners' A
5.50c: Magnolia A. 6.10c; Extra C, 5c: Golden
C. 4.00c: "D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 20c more: boxes. POr more: 5O-lb ba«*
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half-barrels'
6c; boxes «.23c; per lb. No orders taken for
less than <5 barrels or its equivalent
LUMBER— The following retail prices were
adopted April 10: Pine, ordinary sizra $21O
25: extra sizes higher; RMwoci. $20330- Lath
4 feet, $3 5<V Picket*. $21: Shingles. J.i'25 for
N "°i 1.5 nd * 2 for No - *! Shakes. $14 for split
and $!•> for sawn; Rustic. $36® 16
Wall-street stocks firmer on the day.
Silver and domestic Exchange higher.
Wheat firm, zcith lozv freights. Barley higher and strong.
Oats steady, zcith light stocks. Rye steady and Corn scarce.
All grades of Flour advanced 20c per barrel.
Hay steady and Feedstuff s firm. •
Beans and Seeds dull at prez'ious quotations.
Butter zveak. Cheese steady and Eggs rather firm.
Provisions quiet and easy in all positions.
Lucof Oil marked down.
Hides zi'cak, zrith some descriptions, lozver. Tallozv also zvcak.
Wool firm and moving off well. Hops firm and featureless.
Potato market in good shape and Onions steady.
Poultry and Game in light receipt and firm*
Fruit in good demand, with diminished arrivals.
Local stocks and bonds still vcr\ dull.
Opf n. - High. Low. Close.
December fl 00% %l 01% $1 01% *1 01 V»
OATS— Receipts are light, stocks are light
and trading is light, so it is a light proposition
all around. Prices remain as before.'
White. $1 17%ei 25; Black. $1 10@l 20;
Red. $1 12%@1 17% for common and $1 20®
1 25 for choice; Gray nominal.
CORN— The market Is still meagerly fur
nished and quotations continue largely nomi
nal. Unfavorable weather is still cutting
down the Western crop, and some well-posted
parties are now calculating on not more than
1.500,000,000 bushels, against previous esti
mates of 2,000,000,000.
California large Yellow. $1 55; small round
do. nominal; White. $1 55: Egyptian. $1 45©
1 60 for White and $1 40@l 45 for Brown.
RYE— Steady and quiet at $1 10@l 15 per
ctl for old or new
BUCKWHEAT— $2ff2 60 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 .to 11:30 a. : m.
Open. High. 1 Low. Close.
December ......$l 00% $1 01% ?1 00% $1 01%
May 99%c bid
Seller year, new, 97c bid.
*• p. Ill, OCSS 1071a
Feed. ' $1 05@l 08% ; new Shipping and
Brewing, $1 12%@1 17% ; old Brewing, nom
inal; Chevalier. $1 20©l 40 for fair to choice.
•. . FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. '
¦ Open. ¦ High. Low. Close.
December $1 46% $1 46% $1 45% $1 45%
May .$145% bid. $1 45% asked.
. . 2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 46% fl 46%,$1 46% $1 46%
BARLEY — Both cash grain and futures are
slightly higher again, with sales of choice
Feed as high as $1 08%. ¦ Some - sensational
sales are reported in the Sacramento Valley,
one of 26,000 sks shipping at *1 23%. and an
other larger amount at the equivalent of $1 13.
Port Costa. The demand in the interior is
very good. . • .
CASH BARLEY.
California Club. $1 40@l 42%: California
White Australian. $1 60@l 62%; Northern
Club. $1 42%@1 45; Northern Blue Stem.
$1 48%@1 60; Oregon Valley, $1 47%.
CASH WHEAT,
This market rules firm for cash grain, but
futures are lower. The demand for both
shipping and milling grades is good.
New Wheat $1 37%@1 42% for shipping
and |1 47%<gl 52% for milling.
Chicago was several fractions lower on the
day. Omaha wired: "With immediate rains
about one field in 100 will have a moderate
yield, CO per cent will be small and the bal
ance fodder. ' Without rain, calamity. Thresh
ing returns are running fully 50 per cent un
der estimates." .
WHEAT FREIGHTS — Spot business Is dull
at 12s 9d as a nominal quotation. The char
tered Wheat fleet In port hag a registered ton
nage of 32,165 against 42.C55 tons on the same
date last year; disengaged. 80,800 tons,
against 35,230; on the way to this port. 377.
680 tons, against 273.130.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
both firmer. Otherwise there was nothing
new from abroad.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Cons for money.9l 3-16IN Y Central 124
Cons for aoct..91 3-16iNftr & West 64
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89
Atchlson «»*s Ont & West...... 23%
Do pfd 92 Pennsylvania .... 03%
Bal & Ohio 83% Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 12«]% Reading 25%
Ches & Ohio 33V« Do 1st pfd 42
Chi Great West.. 15% Do 2d pfd 84 U
Chi. M & St P...145% So Railway 21$
De Beers 1«% o Do pfd 88
Den &R1O G 24- So Pacific 44%
Do prd *>5 Union Pacific 77%
ErWT .: 29% Do pfd 87%
Do 1st pfd «9% U S Steel 24%
• Do 2d pfd 60 Do prd 75V4
111 Central 135V« Wabash 22%
Louis & Nash.... 105% Do pfd 38%
Mo, Kans & Tex. 20% ..-,;
Bar silver— 25%d per ounce.
Money— 232% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2% per cent.
Do pfd 118% Santa Fe Copper. 1
Amer Tel & Tel.. 131 H> Tamarack 85
Dom Iron & Steel. 12% Trlmountaln 82
Gen Electric 161 Trinity 5%
Mass Electric .... 21 United States 17%
Do pfd .: 7H Utah 24%
United Fruit ....100 Victoria 4
U 8 Steel 24 Wlnonii 7%
Do pfd 72% WolverJne 60
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
NEW YORK M
Adams Con 09 Little Chief 00
Alice 18 Ontario 6 00
Brcece 15;Ophir 1 47,
Brunswick Con... 05 Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel 06% Potcsi 21
Con Cal & Va... 1 35 Savage 15
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev CO
Iron Silver 1 50 Small Hopes .... 20
Leadville Con ... 051 Standard 2 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Westing Com ... 85
Call loans 304! Mining-
Time loans 5@<1 Adventure a 5Vi
Bonds — 'Allouez 5^4
AtchUon 4s 97%'Amal Copper 41'»,
Mex Central 4s. ..-72 Daly West :iS%
Railroads — Bingham 22%
Atchlson '. 63%' Calumet & Hecla.415
Do pfd 89% (Centennial 15
Boston & Albany.245 jCopper Range ... 42U
Boston & Maine.170 I Horn Coal 02 ij
Boston Elev 137 iFranklln 7%
N Y. N H & H..19H Isle Royale 0
Fltchburg pfd 132 (Mohawk 33
Union Pacific 75 :Old Dominion ... 10
Mex Central 13% Osceola 51
Miscellaneous — il'arrot 18
Amer Sugar 116 Qulney 85
NING STOCKS,
Do 3%s 92 I Reading gen 4s.. 5*4%
Do conv 4s 100 fa L & I II con 5s.llO%
Can So 2ds 105% !?t L* S F 4s.... 90%
Central of Ga 58.10.1%, g t Louis SW lsts. 91%
Do 1st inc 70 | Do 2ds 75
Ches &. Ohio 4%s.l00 'S A & A Pass 4s. 77
Chi & Alton 3%s. 7214 So Pacific 4s S5V t
C. B & Q new 4s. 83>i p 0 Railway 5s... 112%
C.M&b't P gen 4s.lOf'-v Tex & Pac lsts. .114%
Chi & NW con "S.130V, T. St L & W 4s. 74
C. R I & Pac 4s.lO0>i L'nion Pac 4s UK)
C.C.C & StLgen4s. 05 Do conv 4s .... ii.1%
Chi Term 4s 79 Wabash lsts 114
Colo & So 4s 84% Do 2ds 106
Den & Rio G 4s.. 07% Do deb B 62
Erie prior lien 4s. ft«% West Shore 4s 107
Do gen 4s 83 W & L Erie 4s.. 87%
F W & D C lsts.104 WIs Central 4s... 87
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4 Con Tob 4s 57%
Manhattan 4s 100% Colo ruel ... 82%
Jtock Island 78
Total sales 636,000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, July 28.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transaction*: 5C00 at
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s, reg...lOrt% PennsyH'anla .... 95
Do coupon 106% |U S Steel t>4%
Do 3s. res 107% I L A N unified 4s. fl$%
Ho coupon 1QS%!m<»x Cent 4s .... 71%
Do new 4s. reg.l34Vi| Do 1st inc 17
Do coupon 133% Minn & St L 4s.. US
Do old 4s. reg.lll Mo. Kans & T 4s. !W%
Do coupon Ill Do 2ds 78
Do 6s. reg 101% NYC gen 3%s.. 95%
Do coupon 103 N J C i;en 5s 126
Atch gen 4s 99% y O r Pacific 4s 100
Do ad) 4s 89 I Do 3s 71%
Bal & Ohio 4s....l00% ! Nor & W con 4s.. 97'
Del. Lack & West 230
Denver & Rio Gr. . 100 23>* 23U 22%
D & R O pfd 200 79% ¦ 79% 79
Erie 33.700 30% 29 20%
Erie 1st pfd 1.51)0 G8% «"% 6S',i
Erie 2d pfd 6,800 51% 47?i 50U
Great Nor pfd 170
Hocking Valley S00 75 72% "3
Hocking Val pfd »-
Illinois Central 2.500 132% 131 132
Iowa Central 2,300 20 18% 1S%
Iowa Central pfd.. 2,200 35 34^ 34
Kans City Southrn. &00 21% 21 21%
Kans City So pfd.. 700 39% 38 Ji •»
Loutsvl & Nashvl.. 3.1O0 105 103% 104%
Manhattan Elev.... 600 133% 132% 132
!N?etropol St Ry 1,200 118% 11«V» 1J«
Minn & St Louis... 1OO 60 60 62
Missouri Pacific »00 09 97% 08%
Mo. Kans & Tex... 1.100 20» 8 20 1«%
Mo. K & T pfd.... 2.000 41V* 40}i. 40*
Nat R R of Mex... 100 18',* 18% IK
Nat R R Mex pfd • • • • ,37%
New York Central. 20,200 122% 120 121 U
Norfolk & Westn.. 5,200 (5a% «2 02%
Nor &. Wcstn pfd JJ«>
Ontario & Western. 5.700 23% 22% U
Pennsylvania 3.000 124% 122',i 12^%
P. C. C & St Louis. 400 63 62 61
Reading 39.000 50% 48% « %
Reading 1st pfd.... 200 81% 81$ Sl\»
Reading 2d pfd.... 200 08% <£% «
Rock Island Co.... 18.700 24% 23% 24%
Rock Island Co pfd 1,000 04% <«% 63
Pt Louis & S F 100 4 56 50 66
St L & S F 1st pfd *«,,
St L &- S F 2d pfd. 3.200 50H 49 4 ?Va
St Louis Sowestii.. 500 14% 13% 14
fct L Powestn pfa.. l**> 32 31 «W%
St Paul 25,500 142% 141 142V,
St Paul pfd 300 170% 170% 17»>%
Southern Pacific... 44,000 45 43 43%
Southern Railway. 10.200 21% 20% ao* 4
Southern Ry pfd... 800 85% i^*s £•> Mi
Texas & Pacific... 1.000 215% 2ti 2b fc,
Tel. St L & West.. 1.300 22% 1*H 20^
Tol. St L & W pfd. «.«*> 31 , 27% Jlffe
Union Pacific 27.100 76*-i i4% «o
XTnlon Pacific pfd.. 1OO 85% S5Mt J» -,
Wabafh RfH> -'2% 21% 21 U
Wabash pfd 6,500 «8U 37Vi J' 1 *
Wheel & Lake Erie 100 15}i 15% 15
Wisconsin Central.. 1.800 IS 1 1 }>»
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 800 3S% 3i?» J.a (
Express Companies —
Adams **l
American 18°
United States ®*
Wells-Fargo 1S5
Miscellaneous — ¦ , ",.-
Amalgam Copper.. 37.600 43% 40^4 fl'H
Amer Car & Found 1,300 33% 83 £h
Amer Car & F pfd. 50Q S3 S3% S3
Amer Linseed Oil.. 1.400 » < *Y.
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. 100 28 28 2S
Amer Locomotive.. 1.500 IB 18U 1J>
Amer Loco r fd.... ZAO 84% 83 S3M
Amer Smelt & Ref. 5,700 43 41 42ft
Amer S & Ref pfd. 700 91 90 90
Amer Sugar Ref... 5.400 117^4 »« U«
Anaconda Min Co.. 1.30O 74 72 72
Brooklyn Rap Tran 8.800 45"i 44 44=»,
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 54 43% 50
Colum & Hock Coal 900 13% 13% 13"
Consolidated Gas.. 800 185V 4 184% 183
General Electric... 2.800 163% 159% 1«2
International Paper 2,700 11% 9 10>|
Interntl Paper pfd 63
International Pump 35
Interntl Pump pfd 70
National niscult 3(5^
National Lead*. 700 14 13% 13^
North American... 4,400 75. 72% 72Vi
Pacific Mail 1.100 21 21 20
People's Gas 2.500 95% 04% 84$
Pressed Steel Car.. 500 44% 44 44
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 83 83 83
Pullman Palace Car 100 202 202 203
Republic Steel 1,600 12% 11% 12*
i Republic Steel pfd. 800 C7 65% 60V.
Rubber Goods 6,300 16 14 , 14^
Rubber Goods pfd . . 1.000 fiS 66 6i5}j
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3.200 40% 39% 39V-:
U S Leather . .. 1.400 7% 7% 7V,
U S Leather pfd... 100 80% 80 79$
U S Rubber 1.400 11% 10% 11
IT S Rubber pfd 1,400 39 37 30M
tT S Steel 30,800 24% 23% 2t
U S Steel pfd 18.500 73 71% 72V<
Western Union 100 83% 83% 83V:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO. July 28.— After considerable
strength at the start prices in the grain pits
ruled easier and September wheat closed %@
%c lower, September corn and oats were each
%@%c lower, but provisions were strong, the
September products closing from 10c to 15c
higher.
Trading In wheat was active at the be
ginning of the session and opening prices were
strong, with September *»@%c highsr at 78%@
78%c. There were a good many buy'ng orders
to be filled at the opening and under this
demand the market was strong the first half
hour and September sold at 78&C. but the
better prices brought out many selling orders
from commission houses and there was also
plenty of general liquidation, which soon
started prices on the down grade. Later in
the session the Belling movement was in
creased under the influence of an Increase of
39,000 bushels in the world's visible and also
by the bearish construction put on tho weekly
Government croo report, and in consequence
the market ruled quite weak. After selling
down to "%c September rallied a) i«»htly and
closed at 77%@77%c. a loss of Vi&'isC.
There was a larse volume of trade In corn
and although opening prices were strong the
advance was not maintained owing to heavy
realizing by prominent operators. Private re
ports of rain in Kansas with predictions • of
further precipitation for that State, together
with the rather bearish tone of the weekly
Government crop report, were partly responsi
ble for the selling movement. Late in the
day the selling became more pronounced and
the close was at the bottom, September being
»i<ii%c lower at 52Vic, after rangins between
52V4c and 53%c.
Although oats opened fairly firm In sym
pathy with the strength in other grains the
heavy receipts, good grading' and Improved
crop reports caused weakness later In the day
and lower prices prevailed the remainder of
the session. After selling between 33%e and
34c September closed %©%c lower at 33%c.
Good buying by shorts caused strength in
provisions at the opening, with general ad
vances in all' products. The strength In grains
end the smaller hog receipts were early In
fluences. Realizing sales caused a loss of
part of the gain. The close was firm, with
September pork up 12%c at $13 02 M.. Septem
ber lard was 10@12%c higher at $7 62%@
7 65 and ribs were ud 12%@15c at $7 50.
The leading futures ranged as follows :
Chicago Grain Market.
Dorrtestic Exchange is higher and Silver is
also a fraction firmer.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $1 S4V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86*4
Sterling Exchange cables , — 4 8"%
New York Exchange, sight .... — • 07ft
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Sliver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
Exchange and Bullion.
5%c; prime." 5%@Cc; choice,: 6% @6%c; fancy.
6%«?7%c.
PRUNES— Spot prunes are attracting a fair
Jobbing demand and are steady, 'while coast
advices reflect firmness for futures. Quota
tions range from 3c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Are perhaps ; a little firmer on
attractive grades, -and a fair jobbing interest
is reported. Choice. • SJtSftc: fancy. 10@12%c.
PEACHES— Quiet and unchanged; choice, 7
@>7%c; fancy. fcS10>£c.
PEARS — Bartletts. 00c©$l per box for
wrapped, and 50c@$l for large open boxes; to
canners, $23ig?35 per ton; Dearborn Seedlings,
25@40c for email boxes and 50®75c for large.
FIGS— 75c@$l per drawer; large boxes from
the river. — .
PLUMS— 35©50o per box and 60@60o per
crate; to canners, $20 per ton.
PRUNES — Tragedy, 50@60c per crate and
35@50c per basket.
NECTARINES— 50<g75c per box or crate.
APRICOTS — *C@50c for small boxes and
65(£75c for lanre; to canners, $1S©3O per ton.
PEACHES — 30@50c for small . boxes and
50@75c for large; baskets from the river,
30<550c. ,
MELONS— Cantaloupes, $lfil 25 for small
crates from Bakersfleld. and $262 60 for large
crates from . Winters and the river: Nutmeg
Melons from the river. 85c@*l 25 per box; Wa
termelons, $.>fi_0 per hundred.
GRAPES — Thompson's Seedless from \aca
ville; $125 per crate: Fontalnbleau. 73<883e
per crate; Seedless Sultana from Hanford, $1 «o
per crate. „_
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 41 50®
2 50 per box: Seedlings. $1@1 25; Valenclas,
$1 50@3; St. Michaels, $2@3: Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 25®1 50; Lemons, 75c©$l for stand
ard. $1 25© 1 75 for choice and $2@2 75 for
fancy; Grape Fruit, $1(31 25; Mexican Limes,
«4©5; Bananas, $ 1 60®2 BO per bunch for
Central Amerlcnn and 75c@$l BO for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
CURRANTS — 50c per drawer.
APPLES — 75c© $1 15 per box for choice and
fancy and 40<5«K>c for common; Crabapples, 40@
50c for small boxes and 75c for large.
The market for * Citrus and tropical fruits
was dull and featureless and prices were with
out quotable change.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 per chest for Long->
worths and $3 50@4p SO for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $3 50@4 60 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $3®4 per chest.
¦ HUCKLEBERRIES— 10c per lb.
boxes continued dull owing to the abundance
of second-class offerings, but choice wrapped
stock was steady at firmer rates. Receipts of
Peaches In baskets from the river were .mod
erate and although the carry-over from the pre
ceding day was large everything cleaned up
readily at firmer prices. Box stock stood
about as previously quoted. Choice hard ship
ping stock was wanted for shipment north and
would have commanded a premium If obtain
able. Plums were in free supply and dull.
Tragedy Prunes were suddenly scarce, but
prices were unchanged. Apricots In crates
have been very scarce for some days and are
not quoted. Bulk stock moved off well, the
canners being the principal buyers. Offerings
had to be strictly first-class to bring over $2o
per ton. Figs continued scarce and sold quick
ly, at steady prices. Choice Seedless Grapes
moved off well, but common stock was dull.
One crate of the Rose of Peru variety came
In from Vacaville and sold at $1 per crate.
Nectarines were offering freely, but found few
buyers owing to the poor quality, of the offer
ings. Cantaloupes and Watermelons stood as
previously quoted, while Nutmeg Melons were
lower under increased receipts. Berries and
Currants met with a good demand at steady
prices and the market was well cleaned up at
the close.
THE fc'A'JS iri.'AJNCl^CO CAL-Ii, JULY 29, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Fifteen,
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
13
ADCTIOW SALES
fe AUCTION SALE £a
OP FINE
ROAD, DRAFT, SADDLE HORSES
.AND SHETLAND PONIES,
Including sons and daughters of Ero* (2:29).
Advertiser <2:15V4), Richards Elector. Fine.
Draft and Business Horsea and thoroughly
trained Saddle Horses and Ponies. Sale takes
place THURSDAY. July SO. 1903. commencing
at 1 o'clock p. m.
occn>rar?Ai, horse exchange,
'>•'¦' 24S THIRD ST.
Catalogues Issued at once.
WM. Q. LAYNQ. Livestock Auctioneer.
£ft fe> Jfe»
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE of Horsea. "Wa-
gons. Harness, Wednesday, July 29. at 11 a. m.
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth at. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. ¦THE SAN FBAECISCQ CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, l»tr».
14
HELP WAMTEP— MAtK— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
Phone Main 1131 Cor. Letdesdor2 st.
ASTORIA OREGON"
ASTORIA .'• OREGON
.Cheap— On Columbia Iilver— Cheap.....
Fare— Fee $1— Fee $i_F a re
COMPANY WORK— NO DISCOUNT
30 laborers $31 SO and found
30 rocknen f ..tZ) and four.. I
Long good Job Fee $1
Good board, water and accommodations.
..BUTTE CO— FEE $1— SHIP TO-NIGHT..
50 teamsters, laborers and rockmen, $i 25 to
$2 50 day: Ship to-nisat to Chlco.
FREE FARE — BIO TUNNELS ;;-
SOniuckers. $«0; 2O tunnelmen. $7.V, 50 team-
sters, muckers an.i tunnelmen. $'* to $2 75
day to Caspar free fare. F-* xi.
2 tunnelmeu. +1 aay; M muc^n, do uttw
drilling. $:J day.
...FREE FARE— FEE $1— TO WILLITS...
We ship all over on the S. P. R. R. Co.'s
section and extra gangs. Free fare. Fee $1.
Eureka. Humboldt Co. — Half fare.
%lg Lumber Company — Eureka.
15 laborers. R. K-. In woods sin found
15 laborers, yardg and mills $40 found
MINES
10 miners, north. Al Job $75
20 muckers and laborers «?»_«« $*>
FACTORY— NEAR CITY
10 laborers, board where you oiease, $2 20
day; 10 laborers, near city, board home, $2
day; 3 laborers, city, $2 day.
MISCELLANEOUS
Clerk mine store, $32 and found; 3 farmer*.
$30 and found; choreman. $30 and found;
man, milk 10 cows, drive team, boss here.
$30 and found; blacksmith helper, city, $2
day: bell boy. city. $15 and found: 4 car-
penters, near city, boss here to-day; second
cook, country hotel. $35 and found.
Men come and see us, read our Bulleua
boards; hundreds of other positions.
Get a free list of Jobs at
PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY. 520 Sacramento.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we. pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post.G.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your nhoea half soled while waitinr; 25o
to 50c. 5<O Mission st.. bet- 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOSS.
ON account of going to build. entlr» stock c2
wagons, buggies and harness must be aold at
sacrifice. Ccrner 15th and Valencia its.
RARE chance — 1 good horses for sale cheap.
327 Sixth st. __^_________
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS waxon. light eamplns wagon
and yocart for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to ltt; tend for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN A CO.J4Montgomenr
BEFORE movlnr g«t our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWKLL. 25 Post at.
BROADWAY. 1518 near Van Ness— 5-rocm
sunny house, stable, large yard.
HOUSES TO LET — FCIt.MSHED.
PACIFIC ave. — New and compl«t«. This Is not
a cheap, old-fashioned place, but *h4 finest
rental property In San Francls=3. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
A WELL furnished house, piano, 10 rooms;
very sunny; fine location: 1375 Masonlo ave.
Apply MADISON A BURKE. 30 Montg. st.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
3-ROOMC cottage, furnished at "Camp Echo,"
Larkspur Canyon. C. A. HOLM or postofflee.
I.OCXSMTTH3 AJTP EL3SCTBICXA1TS.
Locksmith and electrical works; I make and re.
pair anything. E.J.SchnetzIer. US McAllister.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla SaTlnss
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tn tha
name of AGNES E. HAYES. No. 232-13K2.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Fox terrier bitch, brown head: answer..
name Dottie; liberal reward. 11 Eddy st.
LOST — Pair rimless eyeglasses, chain; rewani
at 830 OTarrell st. MRS. SIMONS.
LOST — White bult terrier: long ears. Return
to 10O4 Broadway; reward.
WILL carty who found tereen Morocco purse
at Goodfellows' Grotto on Saturday evening
notify box 42»J0, Call office, where stud and
wedding band can be _ found. Keepsakes; nu
questions; keep monejr as reward.
LOST — Along lower Geary and Market sts..
lady's gold watch with short chain; doc's
head engraved on back. Finder will receive
reward by returning to cashier Call office or
757 Fifty-ninth st.. Oakland.
LOST — A pocketbock containing papers of no
value excert to owner; the currency may bo
retained by finder. Return book to CHAS.
I. HAVENS, architect, 53 Flood building.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel dos at Jerry build-
ing, foot of Market st.: tn* No. 70«$. Finder
kindly notify I. H. BURRELL. 513 Central
Bank building. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— Certificate of deposit No. 5004. drawn
July 23. on Union Savings Bank, for $60. J.
R SUMNER. 43S Van Ness ave. •
IT will pay to "Remember" that th« Callfornt*
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold mid niivr tn Tnako new wntch cme<
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femaU
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post it., near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; laatant re-
lief guaranteed. 10OSH Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— All who ar« sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on fenul*
complaints; positively corrected; the unjtor*
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable laiies*
specialist; a private home before and durlaj
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private; secluded; confident
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obBtetrica. female com?.: 25 yrs. exper'no.
DR. RO£EN. moved to 2995 Folsom st, cor.
26th: relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. KG TOY KEE. 219 Powell St.. opposlt*
Union ynuar«»: all rti *»*«>» cured br herb*.
S11SCELLAXEOUS — FOR 5ALIJ.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McDJ-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us Is that you need only p»y
a small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our Roods, even If you don t care to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS-. Stockton.
DOES YOUR KOOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for n«-w roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
6ECOND-HAND machinery, balers, enslnaa.
pumps, water p«p«. bought, sold, ranted and
exchanged See Sunday 1 s papers. H.8.WHITH
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 BeaJ« »t.
BAR and back bar of «>Hd mahogany. 30 fret
long; a first-class fixture at a reasonable
price. Apply at tilS Third st.
A— Fine suits. $7 30; dress pants. $2 JO. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2J» Kearny st..
near Bush: op«n to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 5O DERBY and fedora hats, $1 <I3. p 3 ?-
• ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny »t. near
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. *n-
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pullty*.
etc. VHITELAW. :5.1-255 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND 10-horsepower boll-r for sal<\
Oakland Pickle Factory, 1622 Grove at..
Oakland .
FOU sale — SoO.OCO first-class new brick- at Cl»r.
Ellen. Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DOSNEIX,
lC21Vb Market st.
FOR sale— No. 2 Smith premier typewriter;
$C0. Sox 4933. Call office.
MOVING pictures, majtlc lanterns sal-' rat*!;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. til Post st.
ONE camping outfit for sale: 2 horses, wagon
and harness. »^tt Folsom at.
SLOT machines: alt varieties. Dewey*a. *5O.Ui>.
Eureka Novelty Co.. 13.« Seventh! Oakland:
M &n?g 3 ome P ry.? "»_' "* "" **- *"
SA /co7^ > Mafket C st. C - h * n<i - & * BgCK
metal beds, mattres.es. J.F.Hott«r.715 Mission
picture machines, nina. Baclcalupl. 933 Mku
EDCCATIOWAL— Cantlmiea.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
at., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
KENT Law School; day and night; assures ad-
mlsslon to the bar. 6 Eddy, cor. PowelL
EPANISH Academy — Professor Arribas: classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Palnt-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.eth.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $8 mo.
E M PLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLUYMEXT WASTED KEMALK.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
cooking and downstairs work; would assist
In washing; city or country; carfare. U25
Turk st.
WANTED — By good, reliable woman, position
as cook or to do general housework In Amer-
ican family: good reference. Address MRS.
CANTWELL. 1236 Bugh st.
POSITION as housekeeper by elderly woman; |
neat, economical cook: used to children; cap-
able the entire work of small family; wages,
$10 to S12. Box 4262, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants waiting or cham-
ber work, hotel or boarding-house; would
leave city. Apply 613 Ellis st.
YOUNG Finnish girl 1 withes situation to do
general housework; cannot *peak English;
small wares. 322 Fremont at.
CANADIAN Protestant woman wishes house-
work and cooking in private family. Call
1654 Market «t.
YOUNG girl would like to lrarn dressmaking.
Address 924 Natoma st.
WANTED — At a moderate salary, a position
as office assistant. Address box 49(3. Call.
SWEDISH girl wants place to do housework:
$25 to $40. 231 Stevenson st^
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants place as chamber-
maid and laundress. 231 Stevenson St.
YOUNG girl wants position to wait upon lady,
Rood sewer: understands hairdrf sjing; will-
ing to do Hrht second work; city or country.
Box 4JW7. Call Office.
WANTED — Situation by middle-aged lady as
seamstress and upstairs work or taking care
of elderty lady; references. Box S0->, Call
office, Oakland.
A YOUNG lady with 3 years' practical experi-
ence In topographical and railroad draught-
! Ing desires position with draughting o'fice In
city; Al references. Box 4231. Call.
A YOUNG woman (German) wants work by
the day; washinK r ur cleaning. Address M.
\V., 147 South Park. - "
TRAINED nurse would take care of sick per-
. son; out of city ureferred. Call or address
NUREK, C23 O'Farrell st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position house-
work ar.d cooklnir. 1407 Scott st.
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly engagements:
can give b*ths. rubbings or any care the sick
may require. Phone Scott ;U51.
"A'.'NT ads and «ub?cript'ons t»ken for Th«
Tall at Faton'n Baraar. P-TI McAllister st.
K.MPI.OVSIKXT WASTED — MALE.
POSITION as salesman. 15 years' experience
i:i mrr«Mrtile business, also had experience
In rallrcd. Wells-Fargo and bookkeeping.
Box 424S. Call office.
SITUATION wanted, charge of house and
Krounils. city or country, or stabl-} work, by
single, reliabls man; best references. Box
S04. Call office. Oakland.
MAN of 30 y<*arr. honest, steady ami sober,
wants !>oMtion as grocery clerk in or near
city. Address bc\ 4312. Call office.
YOUNO Jaran*-se boy wants a situation as
Hchool boy. T. I'KHARA. care Shlranul
Kwan, 431 SU>venson st.
GOOD Japanese boy wishew situation as school
boy. H. TAKATSUKA, care Shlianui Kwan.
431 Stevenson st.
A GERMAN, middle-aped and sins!*. wl3hes a
situation in grocery store and barroom; first-
class references. W. BOHLING. 117 Kearny.
\VANTE1> — Position by two carpenters who
can da plain carpenter work. Box 4251. Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer. 21 years of
age. desires position. Box 4264. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a youn? man to tend
bar; very best of reference. Box 4U47, Call.
DISTINGUISHED gentleman with high refer-
ences and. long years of experience In Central
American republics and Mexico, well con-
nected with government business and private
circles. 6(>eaklng several languages, desires tu
Eo back as manager or representative for
large concern. Box 4938. Call office.
A YOUNG man with extended practical expe-
rience in mining work an<1 civil engineering
desires a position' as fielj engineer with some
mining, exploration or railroad company,
either In United States or Mexico; speaks
Spanish fluently; best of referepces. Audress
box 4237. Call office.
YOUNG German, speaks English, understands
little French and Canton Chinese, who has
been for the last 5 years In China In an Im-
porting and exporting buslneps. wants a po-
sition In an office or store or general cleri-
cal work. Box 4D39. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER on "a ranch; well-educated
young man who has previously been em-
ployed In above capacity seeks similar posi-
tion; highly recommended by last employer:
tn a stenographer and typist; abstainer; bonds
if required. Box 4246. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener to take chance of big
place, »»ithf:r private or commercial: good
reference. Address A. W., box 4227, Call.
WORK wanted by a man that understands the
cleaning of i.mpty flats and putting them In
renting order; good references. Address O.
K.. box 4259. Call office.
A POSITION as cashier or assistant treasurer
In first-class hotel, or wholesale or large
retail dry-goods company, or large lumber
company. Box 4222, Call Office.
WANTED — Position In or near San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; S years' ex-
perience, day work preferred. Address box
43. Petaluma. Cal.
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch: man
Eood teamster and handy man; wife good
cook and housekeeper. Box 4930, Call office.
JAPANESE couple want places: man is cook;
wife waiter at table. 832 Clay St.. rear.
Oakland.
JAPANESE wants housework between 4 and
8 p. ni. FRANK. 2C07 Hyde st.
JAPANESE cook' wants place; do kitchen
work. S32 Clay St.. rear. "Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
FZNAXCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock acceuted for services. Send for.
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
KI.A'JS TO I.KT.
AN elegant, convenient and sunny corner upper
6-room flat, basement, bath; half block from
Market et.; within 13 minutes' ride of Golden
Gate Park: Castro and Eighteenth st. cars.
3i>43 Sevtnteenth st. *
HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department: »* will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-2:59 Geary
ft., on the square.
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C St.. one block to McAllister
cars: S rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45;. sunlight all around: open.
$11 — COTTAGE of 4.xunry rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave., bet. Gough And Octavia sts.
A NICE 7-room flat; new, tinted, sunny; reas-
onable 447 Broderick St.. bet. Hayes. Fell.
A SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath: rent reason-
able. 384 Fell St.. near Octavia.
HARRISON. 021, near Fifth— Sunny ' flat. 5
rooms; newly . papered ; rent $18.
TWO new modern upper flats. 6 rooms each ;
sun all day. Cor. Twenty-sixth and Florida.
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post at. .¦>-¦¦•
TO let — Flat of C rooms and batb. 452 Tebama
street. .
GREENWICH.' 2727— Upper; sunny;, 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25: open. . '•;.¦¦¦.
FLATS FOR SAJLK— .FURNISHED. ¦
SNAP; 3 new elegant bedroqra »-t«; owner
going away; flat for rent. Box 4934, Call.'
FUHMTUUE WASTED. - .
A WOLLPERTT 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, ' repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WAWTBD— MALE— Cos.
MURRAY A READY, —
634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main SS4S. . Phone Main 5813.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
This Is What
Made Us Famous.
We Know No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
You Are All Equal.
You Are All Welcome.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45.000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We Ship You Free to One.
Free To-Day. Fre« to All.
Ogden. Utah, All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana. Oregon.
San Fernando. Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona. Wlllits. Uklah,
And All Points North. East. South.
Including Ocden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters. la-
lborers, track men. cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5 *4 $3 So. $3. $2 50 $2
day. 5
Free Far* Free. Fare Free Fare.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
Are You? Are You? Are You?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 C)ay at.
153 Coal Miners. Oregon. Free Fare.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Free Fare— 53 Men Wllllts— Uklah To-D»y.
MURRAY tt READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FEE —51— THAT'S ALL— $1 FEE.
FREE FARE. 666 MEN. FREE FARE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS.
Santa Barbara Dlst. Santa Cruz Dlst.
San Luis Oblspo Dlst. Santa Clara Dist.
Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dist.
King City Dist. Alameda Dist.
Soledad Dlst. Paso Robles Dlst.
Salinas Dlst. Los Angeles Coast Dist.
Lcs Angeles Dlst. Fresno Dlst.
Gulnda DUt. Cordelia, Dtst.
Madison Dlst. Farmington Dist.
Also handlers of different places on their
divisions on every train
NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY. G34-636 Clay at.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY. ?2 50.
25 laborers to pile lumber, etc.. $60 wages.
SANTA BARBARA. FREE FARE.
25 laborers, manufacturing plant. It's good.
$45 found.
To-night. To Arizona, fee $1 60. To-night.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks. FREE FARE.
15S Austrian.". FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our office; see
them.
MURRAY & REAt»Y. 634-636 Clay St.
v GOLD. SILVER.
COPPER. COAL. ETC.
186 miners, single and double, hand; machine
men, muckers, timbermen, furnace men.
etc., $90, $85 and $75 and found.
386 laborers, no experience required, $60, $75.
Fares from $1 50 to $5; many managers at
lour office.
/ TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
18« drillers, hammermen, laborers, $90, $75
and $60.
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine, no experience, wanted,
$42 and found; fare $2.
For stables— 12 men. $60 to $75.
For farms — 125 men, $30, $35, $40 found.
For orchards — 250 men, $2«, $30 found.
For dairies — 65 men. $30. $35. f4O found.
For chores — 36 men and boys. $30. $25, $20,
$15 found.
For hay. harvest — 63 men, $1 £0, $2, $2 50
day found.
36 fruit pickers, #26 and found.
LOOK!
R!> teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
555 laborers, country, $2. $2 50 day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
IS men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc.. $40, $50, $60. $70.
$S0 found.
MURRAY &. READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths. $3.
9 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands, $3 50.
9 car* enters. $-*» to $t; 5 plasterers, $5 50.
Carriage makers. $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders. $3 50; iron workers, country.
IV, other mechanics, $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY & REApY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
SO LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES
MANAGERS HERE TWO TERRITORIES
FREF/— FARE— FREE.
9f>5 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
$T0 and found.
lsi; experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
:!*¦; woodsmen, $10 to $150 and found.
Stlckermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinist.
Buckers. trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmith and wood turners, barkers and
car loaders.
Tree fellers. Jack.screwers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers.. Carriage setters.
Stampers and trimmers? Gang edgermen.
Oilers and ' engineers Saw filers
Pond men, band sawyers Carriage doggers
Sorters, graders and peelers Chain tenders
Shingle packers, also jointers, chute builders
$40. $50. tOO. $70. $S0. $90. $100 to $150 month
and found.
3«»tt woodchoppers, tlemakers. shlnrle, post,
picket and box bolt . makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634 and 63«J Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
57 cooks, all over California. $90. $S0. $75.
$>A $50, $40. $35 and . found, for hotels.
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
18 waiters. $35. $40. $30 and found.
36 pot and dish washers. $35, $30, $20 and fd.
18 bell and elevator- boys, porters, btamakers,
$30 to $45 and found.
Crisp maker. $10; porter, city store, $40.
Steward. $50 and found.
12 laundrymen, all classes. $1S week up.
• 6 bakers and helpers. $30. $10. $60 and found.
12 boys, learn trades.
MURRAY A READY.
634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL, PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
Cook, sawmill, south, few men. $40 found.
Section boss, lumber company, north, $45 fd.
4 gold miners, boss at our office, $S2 50 fd.
Woodworker, Fresno County, $3 50 day.
Vegetable man. mine. $30.
Blacksmith, shop, sseclal, good Job, fare $1,
$75 found. -.:..-•¦
Choreman. ranch, fare $1 50. $60 found.
16 boys and young men about stores, etc..
$40. $26 month.
!i butchers, slaughter-house men. $30 to $60
fcuml.
LOOK— PRIVATE WORK.
. 12 laborers board yourselves, $2 50 day.
Via SANTA FE TO-NIGHT TO ARIZONA.
2 roustabouts. 50c fare, for dredger, $30 and
found.
Furnace man for mine, also foreman. $15 and
found.
Laundry man: city Institution; $50 and found.
Shingle sawyer; upright machines; lumber
company; $55. >
A laborers; free fare across the bay; $60.
12 lumber pliers, north, $2 75 day.
3 Eastern farm hands, steady job, fare $1;
$30 found.
Fare 80c. BOSS HERE.
Head and second tree fellers. $60 and $40 fd
Baker. $40: shingle Vawyer. $60 found.
FARE PAID; BOSS HERE.
Filer, circular saw, $75; edgerman, $50 fd.
Choreman, $20, same place.
Baker, shop, fare $3. $40 found.
HARVEST CREWS TO-DAY.
Sheep herder, fare $1 25. $30 found.
2 laborers, mine company, fare $1 25, $75.
2 young men. city Institution, $20 found.
Section boss, sawmill company, $45 found
2 helpers on bread, city. $10 week and *$S
week and found.
Machinist, winery company, country. $50 fd
ORBGON. FREE FARE. OREGON*
."»0 sawmill and woods men. $35 to $90 found*
2 waiters for mine, steady good Job, $3o fd"
Walter for 12 men, telephone outfit, free fare'
$25 and found. are#
Bread baker, shop south. $50 and found
Machine man, country planing mill.
2 handy men with carpenter's tools, ranch
$1 fare. $40 and found.
4 laborers, city factory, you'll sult_$I 75 day
2 sack sewers, city warehouse. $2 25 day
Driver light delivery wagon, city $9 we^k
Bedmaker. $20; porter. $20; be!l boy $15
all citjr good hotels. ' * '
Third cook, $35; also waiter. $35, Eureka
fare paid.
Circular eawyer, Sonoma Co., $50 and found
Walter steamer.
5 farm hands, steady job. fare $1. $32 50 f d
•6 machine miners, gold mine. $07 60
Biggest Waxes at MURRAY A READY
Best Places at ¦ -634-C36 Clay st!
GET TO IT.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
12 rough carpenters, boss at our office free
fare, steady Job; few tcols win do
MURRAY A READY, 631-63tt Clay st.
EUREKA TO-DAY. EUREKA.
25 laborers to pile lumber, etc.: board $IS;
wages. $60.
SDectal *2 B0 fare.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay St.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2.1-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard kt.. nr. 5th.
WINCH ESTER. Hotel. 44 Third ct.. near Mar-
¦ket — 70O rooms, 35c night; reading' rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOTMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
FREE FAILE— FREE FARE>
NEVADA AND UTAH. '-V
We ship daily: S. P. Co.'s own work.
500 laborers. J'2 a day.
490 section hands, all parts of California.
S. P. R. R. Co.'s Own Work.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
• EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK — FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day.
t 10 drillers and muckers, $2 25 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO. •
60 teamsters and rockmen, $2 50 a day.
50 laborers and axnien. ?2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners, Jl a ton.
2 men to. cut wood 4 feet. $1 25 cord.
Tools free, provisions advanced.
3 wood choppers, oak, a tiers, 16-inch, $1 75
a cord.
Cook, boardtng-house, near city. $40.
Man and wife for fruit ranch to pick and pit
fruit. $1 B0 and $1 25 a day, boss here.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third St.
JANITOR for Institution. $.".0 and board; cook
and wife. $60: boarding-house cook and)
wife, SSO: hotel cook. $40: 2 hotel waiters.
$:i0 and found: boarding-house waiter, $30
and found; young man for housework, $25
and found; kitchenman, $25 and found: dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. ¦
4 SAWYERS and fliers for mills; coachman,
$30 and found; I? choremen, $25 and found;
2 sheep herders, $30 and found: mllkerj, $30
and $85 and found: chore boy for ranch, Sl">
to $2o and found; 3 f armors ana wives, $40,
$50 and $55 and found: boy for store, $6 to
$7 5f> week; carpenter, $3 &<> day; blacksmith
helper and floorman, ?1 r>0 day and board; 6
woodchoppers for mine. $1 50 cord; miners,
laborers, quarrymen and marty others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton St.— Second cook,
hotel. $50; nieht cook, $10 week; second
and wife, hotel, $«rt; boarding-house cook and
rhoreman for resort, $25: young . man to
work around garden, private place. $15; boy
for private family, $10: young man to learn
confectionery, ?(J week: >oung Frenchman
for grocery store. $W: man end wife for
vineyard. ?40; boy for lautdry. country. $15;
night cook, short orders. $10 week, etc.
EARBERS. take notice— On and after Monday,
AuKust SI. our n«-w wage scal«-gocs Into ef-
fect: also nil harber shons open at 8 o'clock
in the morning. Indorsed by the San Fran-
ctsro Labor Council. JOS. R. BLEILY Sec-
TKaryLocal No. 14S, j. B. I. U. of A.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form ehoe-s at $2 50 or orthopedic
*hoes. $3 50; beu *!ioes on ea'rth. 11 Third
»t.. Jjxaminer building, 5 doors from Market.
GOVERNMENT positions— Examinations soon;
applicants prepared by mail. Write to Dept.
M.. .Polytechnic Business College. Oakland.
Cal.. for free Information.
JANITORS for day or night work In lar?e
mod>rn building: state experience and refer-
onces. Apply box_4lM4, Call office.
WANTED — Errand boys not under 15' years of
age. Apply NATHAN- DOHRMAXN CO..
121 Sutter st.
YOUNO man with requisite experience and
ability as salesman to take charge of tea de-
partment. Box 4832, Call.
BARBKR shop; old-established corner: Ellis
and Webster ¦ ots. ; for rent; fully furnished;
$25 a month.
WANTED — Men to canvass on premium
books; salary and commission. 1521 Mis-
sion st.
TRY our men's chocs at $1 pair: foot-form
shoes at *2 50; we pay express charges. 11
Third *t.. Examiner bid.; catalogue wnt free.
CASH boys wanted. Apply ¦ S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 740 Market st. -
A PORTER fcr carpet department. CHAS. m".
PLUM & CO.. Ninth and Market sts.
SALESMAN: high-grade matting line; on com-
mission: clty.& bay counties. Box 4041, Call.
WANTED— Gcod bootblack at the California
Hotel barber shop. ,
WANTED— Nlpht cashier and waiter; good ref-
erences.' 1{<5 Fourth st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 21 Mission st.
SODA-WATER dispenser; call to-day. BLUM'S,
cor. Polk and Sutter »ts.
MAN that understands kitchen work. 16
Market; call early.
FIRST-CLASS pressman on custom pants; no
other need apply. 411 V^ Kearny st.
BARBER wanted Wednesday evening. Satur-
day and Sunday. 515 Hayes st.
MALE stenographer and typewriter. O'BRIEN,
500 Go'.den Gate ave.
BOY to learn plumbing; state age and wages.
Box 4049, Call office.
WANTED — A man to make himself useful
and assist steward. 29 Stockton st.
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANT3;
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GOLDEN West Beneficiary Employment Asso-
ciation — Male and female help on short no-
tice: 50 laborers. $2 25 per day, sheep herder.
$30 Der month: 7 waitresses, $25 to ?.':0 per
month. PARKHURST & MAUPIN. -'4
Drumm st.
WANTED— For the IJ. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodled, unmarried men. between 1?1 and 33;
good character; must speak, read arid write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.: 22214 N. Main
st.,: Los Angeles, Cal., and 401 K st... Sacra.
mr-nto, Cal.
PICK hops In AugUBt; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure ' positions;
catalogue and full particulars mclled free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
" that*Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 lame
rooms; 25c per night; $1 60 to $3 per week.
WANTED — An all-round man at the Woodland
steam laundry; wages $50 and board; must ba
a good polisher. Address box 210, Woodland.
WANTED — A young man, experienced wrap-
per, to take charge of wrapping desk In dry
goods house. Box 425S. Call.
A* STRONG boy, living In Western Addition, to
work after, school; call between" 10 and 12.
2531 California st. ¦ _.
A YOUNG man of good address to assist man- j
ager of Juvenile dept.: 18 to 20 years of age;
references. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market.
WANTED— Men for steamers ana sailing ves-
sels; all parts of the world. W. H. SWEARS.
Pacific Mall Dock; Tel. Bush 430. -
BARBERS.- attention— Shaving parlor for sale;
living-rooms. Inquire 1541 Geary st.
WANTED — A steady German; tend bar. useful
' generally; business <house. 15 City Hall sq.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F_
Barber School. T41A Howard st.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. In-
„ quire SE. corner Gough and Fulton sts.
TRY our. men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-f orm ' shoes at $2 50;,- we pay express or
mall . charges. -11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
.BARBER'S 2-chalr shop, with living rooms
and lease; cheap. 2308 Howard st.
BARBER shop for sale. 262 0'Farrell st.
PAYING 2-chalr barber shop: downtown. Ask
for H; BAUM. 1057 'Market st.
BOY In tin shop; learn trade; ago IS years.
633 Mission at.
BPSIKESg raA|VCE»--ContlBnea.
SURE MONEY— BIG DIVIDENDS
—IN—
CATTLE RAISING.
We will take your cattl* and raise them
for a share of the profits, guarantying you
a certain Increase.
If yoo Invest your money with us will guaran-
tee you a fixed lncnm*. secured by the best
of collateral.
Bank references. Al management.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE AND LAND CO.,
651-601 Hayward bids.
bODGING-HOL'SES FOR SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
68 rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. 850
II rooms; cood Income: rent k20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. «50
120 rooms: pocd lease; low rent S 5^ 0
57 rms. : apartments; Western Adii; rent. -o0
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels. roadliouseF. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny Et.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406, Examiner bldg. —
Hotels. Apartment Houses. Flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST-
SEE MOSSMAN
For lodeing-houses. 850 Market st.
HOUSE 9 rooms; 6 rooms pay $13S monthly;
cost $1200; price SSOO. £04 McAllister st.
SUNNY we!l-fur. cor. flat. 14 rms.; rent $40,
lease; price $700. 204 Second st.. upstairs.
w^— — — — 1^—— — — — —^^^^»^—^^^^»
SPIRITUALISM. £V,
JOHN SLATER circle to-night at 8:15 sharp*,
readings 10 to 4. 336 O'Farrell st. \
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance W'ed-
nesday eve.. 50c. 1115 Post st.; 8 o'clock.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
25c: sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
CLAlItVOYANTS.
A^ CALL~AT~ONCE AND SAVE *2. ,
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
« *1. ?i. $1. $1. $1- $<-
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Regis'ttred Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in .San Fnvncijco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no ch-irge If 1 fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for: I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and when
you m-ill marry: in fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful anrf prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hour* Irt a .n. to
8 p. m.: «jrdays 2 to 8. 323 O'Farrell *t.. 32ti.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if ycu are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; i5e up; ?atlf faction gruaranteel; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45tf9.
ISM AH, the Egyptian nypcy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located ni 1H*4 Market
vl.. cor. Turk: private r^ai'.lnf-!" dHily. Irt a.
m. to 5 p. in.: r*»a<iincs by mai' as satisfac-
tory as In person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. *r>: send lock of h dr. date and year
' of hlrtii: don't fend currency. S.n<l iwtoffiee.
VWllF-Farco nj« ney orJ^r vt reg;:-t"re>i lfli;r.
A — MME. PORTlCr:. r-<-|?ntif!'* clairvoyant :md
i-ar<1 r<»ad<»-. h«.rn With a 0 >uble veil an 1 s?c-
ond ficht: tells the pan. present Hrd future;
lad>F. .V>.>: 7«nts. .*•!: by oards. palm:stry
nnd .•Uirvi'ya-r. tilting; $1 So. 138 TutU st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenb-rK. palmist, clairvoyant,
carJ reader, will give a Ri>»d readme. ll>\ for
a t-hnrf tir.i* only: whon others fail try me t3
convince yourself. 4(>2 Franklin near Grove.
A— Mm*. Rd'.vnna reids lif.\ bu*1n?ss a<Ulce:
i names given; 25c up. 0 4th st , war M«rKet.
! M1!K. MARSEAt". clairvoyant card reader;
ladie*. ".'«•; Rents, 5»v. .'45 Minna t-t^
OLDEST lariv rwlmist and card reader In city.
: 26', Kciny. ;oom 2rt; la-lies C.V. gents 50?.
I MRs*. BTHAFER. clairvoyant care reader: slt-
I tines daily. 44-', Jprsle Kt . het. 5th an.i 6th.
rAUPET-nivATlVG AM) CI.KAX1XG.
AIR. eempreased. dry. ice cold, la r.cw univer-
sally u»-d in sanitarily cleaning i-arppts. on
fit or. with, ut removal or lnj«ry prices mod-
erate. .\pi)!y a F. COMPRESSED AIR
<*LEAN1N<» CO.. Call hip.: phon» Main 52:57.
WHKN >ou became dissustf-d with your work
fTiii fcr SPAI*Lr>!N«S'S Pionfer Carpet-beat-
ing Wcrk«, "55-^7 Tehama rt. ; tet South_40.
CALIFORNIA Carnet-beatlng <"o.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. ."52O Ouerrero st., tel. Mission 43.
TRY I1OPKE BROS.: excPllcr.t carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 14.12 Howar4;South 216
ADVANCE rarpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main :2>4. GEO. WAI.COM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., oarrw*t-l>eaUnK works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIVS Superior Carpet-bfatln* Works.
g« Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CH I ROj'O D^STS.
DTNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. RO Geary— A'.l
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions.etc.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. S5, 010 Market:
tel. Red CIS; collections; gen'l law business.
BAP tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city cr rountry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms ft-10; tel. B5S0.
DENTISTS.
d"r. LUDLUM HILL. 1 4 t.T Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates aro
made; old plates ma.le over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post Ft. to Mutual Hank bldg.,
room (il4. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate— The Wh%lfbone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, $3 50; fillings, fiftc;
plates. $5; full net; all work palnWs* nnd war-
ranted. • Chicago Dental Tarlors, 21 Sixth Ft.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Buj-h —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; nilln?.--.L'.".c.
GOLD filling's 75c, silver 35c. crowns $2: no
lain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,2<»4 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New Tork Dentists. 0C» Miselon, et., cor. Cth.
I)RE.SS3IAK£RS ifc gEAlIBTRESSESJ
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburn * knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
TJTEIWQ AOTP CltEA-flKQ.
SEA breeres sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., dene by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
lor wagon. Went 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
KUCCATIOXAlbi.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1205 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123« Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg- shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping: typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — BookkeeplngX shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night session*; ill us. catalogue free.
gallagheiTmarsh business college",
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had: In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723~Mar"-
ket et.: special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
fchlp. 150; day and evening sessions.
DANClKG— Prof. DrcWs studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. :;« Geary st..
room 43; ladles' and gentlemen's private In-
struction; reception daily; phone Black 3738.
HINMAN'S . Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; est. 20 years; 1412 Polk St., bet.
Pine and California; adult class now open;
children's class will open Sat, aft., Aug. 15.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
St.. 6. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mln.. mech..sur-
vey; assay.- cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S84. Van
r der Nalllcn .School. 113 Kulton. nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and- results; the , Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F.;fllIs every requirement
AT C. R. HANREN & CO.'S.. Hello Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitress, springs, steady year around, fare
paid • ;*;
I'antry woman, wait on help, same place.. ?-•>
Waitress, email commercial hotel, country
• ¦. $^5
Waitress, resort, steady year around, free
fare *- 5
Restaurant waitress and lunch waitresses
$7-$3 week
Pastry cook, no Sunday work $1 25
Man and wife, cooks, country hotel, party
here 8 a. m 5*°O
Cook, hotel, city, new house -MJ*
Waitress, institution, one mo.'s work *25
Bookkeeper and typewriter, -middle-aged.
restaurant ;-*
Chambermaids, city and country: *-0
Nuree, Institution, day work t^O
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
House girl, 2 In family, very choice place,
country, party here, *2ft. good home to right
party: Swedish girl, housework, no washing:,
country. ?U5, party here: housekeeper, 2 mei»,
$12; woman with a child, $10; cooks, house
Klrls, secend clr!s. •
C. R. HANSKN & CO 429 Bush st.
A MAN anu wife to take charge of orchard;
see narty here !> o'clock; $2 75 a day.
«.'. R. HANSKN & CO *2» »""" st.
WANTED— 2 Institution cocks, $40. $50;
3 cuc.ks. $30, $:«; cook, no washing. $.{f>;
cook, small restaurant. $'!0 and found; cook,
small boarding-house, $2.">: 12 German gov-
ernessrs. $25, $.10; nurse iclrl for Fresno, $20,
fare paid; laundress. $"0; hotel laundreM,
$30; houMwcrk. Redwood. $.10j Ross Valley.
$>. $35; chambermaid, Palo Alto, $20; 4
nurce girls, $15 to $20; second girl, Menlo
l'aik, *.«», foe lady at office to-<iay: house-
• work. Menlo Park. $."tf>; cook, ranch, $20:
restaurant waitress. $7 week: laundress for
. Institution, $r»0; ffcend girl for girls' schoool.
$22: cleaning woman. $20: dishwasher for
institution. $25; X waitresses for city hotels.
$20, $25: waltrcnses for resort. $20 and $40;
house girl, city and rountry at $20. $25, $:«>.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334. Sutter.
HAIRDRESS1NG. manicuring. mas<sage. hair
work; removal of suo?rfluous hair taught
from A to 7. In 2 wee&s fcr $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 2^3 Geary r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches haintressUiK
trade; manicuring, massagre. etc.: 1236 Mar-
kft «., cor. Jones, room JH: positions secured
at highest wnirrs: day and eve. class: call.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING:
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.«
AT OUR NEW FACTORT. 1S73 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS 'WANTED.
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING :OPERATOKS AND RIVETKKS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR If.
32W. FREMONT ST. LKVI STRAUSS A CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
WANTED.
WOMEN AND GIRLS TO CUT FRUIT;
GOOD WAGES AND STEADY WORK. AP-
PLY CUTTING BRANCH CANNERY. CALI-
FORNIA FRUIT CANNERS' ASSOCIATION.
CORNER SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work: highest water*.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Br*nnan
St., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS ON CASSIMERE PANTS.
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS, stay away from ihe-bag factories:
strike on hand. Uurlap and Cotton Bag
Workers' Union No. lOMi.
~. 9
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment, highest wases. CODE-PORT-
WOOp CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
_______^ m
GIRLS to l*arn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish In one month
fcr $5: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. Kchool only. 143 Stockton St., rm. 13.
CASHIER for restaurant; cxDerienee and ref-
t-rences asked; good pay; Inquire 10 u. ni.
to 12 tn. Rrstaurant Keepers' Association,
« Kdily St.. room 40.
EXPERIENCED Lamb knitting machine
operator*. crochet*r« and hand sewers. Ap-
ply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO., 412
Polk yt.
WANTED— First-class manicurist and hair-
dresser; prf-fer one accustomed to ladles' and
children's hair cutting. Apply Superintend-
ent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED — First-class alteration hands on
skirts and Jackets. CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kear-
ny St.
DRIVING-GLOVE makers, also girls to learn
glove finishing: wages from start. CARSON'S
ULOVE CO.. 12-t Second st.
GERMAN girl for general housework, plain
cooking; small family. 1904 Broadway, near
Octavia st.
A — Practical -Millinery. School, estab.' 14 years;
termH easy, hlti O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Nct>w.
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen coats
and dresses. 650 Miselon st.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 856
Mission st.. third floor.
GIRL for housework; no cooking; wages $15.
Call a to 12. 1322 Golden .Gate ave.
WANTEDr-A waitress. Call corner Ninth
ave. and Fulton t\.: RITTER'S.
V WANTED— Girl to assist In light housework;
sleep home. 415 Turk St.. apartment 30.
CIGAR box paster wanted, experienced. EL-
LIS & GAUTAD1NE, 220 Fremont st.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework;
wages, $20. 701 McAllister st.
WANTED — Good Protestant young woman
working housekeeper. 621 York st.
WAITRESS wanted at 1792 Mission st.
GIRLS wanted * to. work. Inquire Oakland
Pickle Factory. 1622 Grove St.. Oakland. Cal.
PICK hops in August: enjoyable, healthful anu
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St.. 8an Franc.sco.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER OOUOH
AND GROVE STS. ¦
GIRLS for factory work; -permanent positions;
good .wages; no experience necessary; paid
while learning. Gulf Bag Co.. 700-711 Front.
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO.," 741
_Market st. ¦¦ - .
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Central
ave. and Waller st. \
WANTED— Experienced girls for wrapping
desk. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
TALENTED amateur performers. s Apply at
Chutes 6 p. -m. Wednesday; salary no object.
ELDERLY i German .Catholic woman: cooking
and housework: $7 per week. 1071 Market «t.
GIRL for general housework: some washing;
. must - be ; a Catholic. Box 49-11, •, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The .Weekly
'. - Call.' 16 r pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for *1,
postage paid.
SAJf FB.AXCISCO CAXX.
BUSINESS OFFICE ot Tht San Francisco
Call, ccrner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; upen until 8:30 p. m.
:;oo Hayea street; ©pen until ©:S0 p. m.
«33 McAllister etreet: open until B:SO p. tn.
«;15 L&rkin street; open until 9:30 p. xn.
1»41 Mission strt-et; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
IMS Eleventh etreet; open until 0 p. m.
1(S»6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. xn.
Northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuikv ktreet*; open until 9 p. m.
ni'.more street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING >OTICKS.
MOUNT M OKI AH Lodue No. <4. F. «»
and A. M.-OallMl meet ing THIh V\T
IWEDSCSOAY) EVENING at ..*>/?>
oclock. ™% I S^QMcilJgg»«*,
DAT) BVEXIKO at t:i0 o' flock. / ? »
li. FOKTRIEDE. Secretary.
JTliSlON Lode*
— Called meeting THIb (ttt . D^"xX
DAY1 EVEN1NO at 7:30 oclock. /VN
T fc. r d drgree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec
THE o'flcers and members of Damon .^.
Lodce No 2. K. of P.. ar« notified to Ta i2fltP
a*!<*mble «.t their Castle Hall on /K££
THURSDAY. July M. at 12 m.. to ,iBs«>Q
stt-nd the funeral of our late brother. *i. V.
te&llTH. Per order F. J. LEWIS,
j. h. rjANTON. K. of R. and S.
I VAXHOE Lodse No. 5. K. of P., will -**T
confer the Knl£hl Rank <Iong form) *>%£&(?
WEDNESDAY. July ». 1903, at TS*S
Pythian Castle, OOJU, Market street,
at 6:^0 p. m. Members of sister lodges cor-
dially Invited. F. WICKERT. C. C.
O. NO1 ACROSS. K. of R. and s.
. K. R- B. — EVERT member is requested y
to attend m*>etinjr THIS fWEDNES- tfjk.
DAY) EVENING, at S o'clock, at 1133 £>£*
Mission Ft. Business of importance.
tSigned) PRESIDEN T.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association — &.*r>\
VTiil hold its seventeenth annual pic- 1J.*J
Bic in Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, on %V>J
SUNDAY, August 2, 1900. Numerous e£\u5s
fate and came prises. A Domts'.lc S^CS
cewinf-cuLcnine wsil be given for a flret gate
pnxe. now on exhibition at 1C21 Market st
A first-class umen band will be In attend-
ance. Boats leave every half-hour for the
park. Buy your tickets for Shell Mound.
Don't foreet ihe datt, as this is the picnic of
the season — Sunday. Aurust 2.
P. DEASY. Chaimna.
J. CROXIN. Secretary.
NOTICE — A regular business mating of the
Afro-American League win be held on
WEDNESDAY EVENTNG. July a>. at
Apollo Hall. 810 Pacific street. All members
and friends nre i-e<;ue2ted to be present, as
business cf importance is to be transacted.
S. M. DAV1SON. President.
S. C. ROGERS. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The Rlsdoa Iron and Lo-
ecmoUrt Wcrks— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Rislon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
fcr.thtf easuin* year and the transacticn of
vuen other b-jsinecs as may be brought be-
fo-» the meeting, will be held at the office
. of the cct:p»=t. No. 20S Steuart street. San
Francisrc en MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gust. 1903. at 11 o'clock a. ra.
AVCUFTTS TAYLOR. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
THE enly authorized life cf V"j* L*o XIII.
W • tten with the racouragement, apprcba-
i tlor an4 Mefs!nr of h!s Kalinrs*. by Mon-
signcr Bernard OTtUOir, D-D-. LL.D.. who
for, ».*iJt years liv<wj in the Vatican a'« 6o-
q trestle rrelat* to the Por*. This <Jirt n-
American author «a<; summoned to
Rome aritf appointed by the Pope as his of-
ficial bio^raph^r. Approved and rec^prized
by Cardinal c;;hbons and all church author-
ities as the «m:y ofacial biocriaphv of the
P<^. Ov»t BOO r»K«-*. majrnifkfrtly i'lu?-
1 t-nted. Vnparxileleri opportunity for agent*.
Best commisrlra. Elfgsr.t outfit five s»«T.<i
15 certs for posia=«?. 1.V1ON HOr>K AXi)
BIBI.K HOl'fE. 4ftf K'ttridge building. Den-
ver. Coin
AGENTS AXTS SOI^CZTOOS •V7AKTED.
4fc> , , i .
WANTED — Good as.»nt* in every city ar.d
town in the United States to sell diamonds
.on installments: Tontine plan; known as
<-Tcntir.t diamond ror.tracts; men to otwn up
T.rv territory if rr.ur:i5Prs in difT«:.-<=nt parts
of the country; contracts run 5^ . weeks at
il ?5 prr w<fk; total p*>id. JfS fcr a 1-carat
clear white dUmccd. or f 10') in sold coin in
l:eu thereof: inv«-tn3«»nt pays XA pr cent
profit: spenif. her* is a contract that will
*»!1 anfl <~.n-» that y#*u run cet paid for s»l!-
<nc Ad3r»*s bnx *n2. Call office. Oakland.
ASTKOLOGY.
Artrology taught, hcrocr p€» cas-t. ProfT~RTv^
B-.cr.d. bckrtre. yA'j EH:^. Uy laall if Ce.-lie'i.
ATTOHNEYS AT L.AW. ~
fl ADVICE FKEE— ALL LEGAL MA1TEKS.
DIVORCE AND PROBATE CASES.
No pay in ta* an<->" — No i-hans* without
Success; e-tates. attachments da?nai-»s.
R. C. ADAMS.
Room 3J6. third n.w. Exaiun.tr buit.hns-
ROUT. W. KINO, atty-at-law. Examiner MJ..
I „ rm. Cll; ail ca;«es, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, -no.; consultation
free; no adx-ance charjres; i-all <t write;
eveo-RKs by appointment. T»l U«sl %ji.
(J- PROMPT attention to all cases; dlvorce.estate».
collections; no fe«>s unless Euccessful; call or
write: eves. Tues. and Fri.: est. 13 yra. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. S27 Market; tel Jessie 1S30.
ADVICE free — 1 will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: no tees in a£iaac»; open every evrn-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. t>I» Market nt.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick.quiet;
no charre without ruccess: established 15 yrs
G. W. HOWE, 1 122 Market et.. opp. Hale's.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 M&r-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Jlunle bldg.. SC3 California st. ; teL Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law, 632 Mar-
ket rt.. room 23; legal advice: bank refa.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
YOCNO talking parrots. $5 each ;German singing
canaries, $2; we will try to please 70U ;every-
thinz In our line at rijcht prices. l.ViG Market.
BOARDING KOK CIHLbhB.V.
GERMAN woman wants 1 or 2. children to
board; ret. civen. C12 Treat avc., nr. 19th.
TWO children to board; pleasant home and a
mother s care. KV, Polk st.
BCSINESS CHANCES.
$750. ~~~~
Restaurant and bakery located in best pay-
ing district in the city; doing a thriving busi-
ness; seals €5; receipts average $40 dally; rent
reasonable; owner has oth«-r business and
must 6*11. H. W. WILFORD, 3 Taylor st.
"WANT to sell your business?"
See H. W. "WILFORD,
Business Agent,
3 Tavlor St.. corner Golden Gate ave.
WE desire the services of hustlers In every
section of the country as representam-es-
persons of standing and ability can earn
handsome Incomes represt-nting us a part,
or all, of their time; our plan is new; no
money or experience required; this proposi-
tion will pay you handsomely: do not fall to
Investigate It; full particulars free upon re-
quest. Address Merchants' Brokerage and
Commission Co., Gay Building. St. Louis,
Mo.
WANTED — To establish an acency for San
Francisco and vicinity for the sale of the
Carter Acetylene Gas Generators: are the
pioneers of the business; have the most elm-
pie, efficient and economical machine in the
market: favorable terms trill be offered to
en experienced party. Address Niagara Falls
Acetylene Gas Generator Co., Niagara Falls.
New York.
DISTINGUISHED jrentleman with hleh refer-
ences and long years of experience in Cen-
tral American republics and Mexico well
connected with Government business and pri-
. vate circles, epeaklnr several languages, de-
sires to go back as manager or representa-
tive for large concern. Box 4338, Call office.
LADY partner with $500; large weekly In-
come; no Sunday work; capital secured. Box
4945. Call office.
AN anchor diamond brooch and bracelet to be
¦old rlcht away; cheap; no dealers. Box
4950. Call.
FINE machine and pattern chop for sale cheat).
Box 4948. Call.
$&000— Large saloon; exceptionally low rent;
cor.; close In; owner elck. Mossman,8S0 Mkt.
rOR eale — Co-partnership in cabinet manufac-
turing establishment; good opp. 4249, Call.
• ISO — COFFEE, ice cream and chop house;
Marin Co.: clears $100: rent 915. 20 Hayes.
HALF interest tea and coffee business, crock-
cry, etc.: rood store trade and routes* abuut
$2500. WHITTLE. 131 San Pablo nve., Oak-
NORTH German wants partner to buy first-
class well -paying saloon: fI250 required; ref-
erences. Address box 4928. Call.
OTTEIDE rout* No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store. 19th and Folsom sts.
Hairdressing parlors ;cheap:value In s!ght:good
location; retiring. 1153 Market, bet. 7tb-Sth.
all? outcia* route for aale. Apply Call office.
This isn't the cow with the crumpled horn
That's told of in nursery rhyme,
Nor the milker the maiden all forlorn
"Who leaped. Into fame at the time.
This beast Is so kind no one would she harm:
It's the sort you'll get through The Call
If you would buy stock to place on the farm.
And cost of the ad will be small.. .To f, protect /his .chest. . a, . heart-shaped
plece'"of 'sheet Iron," riveted; to." some heavy
leather, /was worn' byr6rte of the'players
in a football game In Denver.
His Place to Get Off.
"What else could the poor girl aay?
With the polished bow she "remembered
so well, he rose and left the car.— Newark
Evening News. HlllllUlllHillflfWl
He eat before her. the- man she had
hunted for years; the man who had sent
back her love in a registered . letter.
AU the memory of . his faithlessness
swept over her like a Kansas flood.
Still she stood, as if rooted to the spot.
And he?
He sat there, a smile of scorn wreath
ing his dark villainous face..'
She fixed her flaming: eyes upon him,
but .' they weakened and fell before his
cold, stony stare.
Dog that he was, he showed his, teeth.
He knew his advantage. How she hated
him!
It was for him to break the silence.
'.'If I give you my scat," said he, "will
you call it square ?"_.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. t « Bid. Ask.
Oolehan 15 17, Ton Belmont.l 80 2 00
Koperani* ... 04 05 Ton * Cal... 35 ,3(1
Ulpay Queen. 2ti 27 Ton Fraction. — . 9S
Gold Mount... 10 — (Ton A O W. — 0T
Lucky Tom .. — 1© Ton N Star.. 52 S3
MacXamara . 21 23 Von Midway.. — .vi
Mont Ton ... 98 1 00 Ton Union .. — 50
NY Ton 06 10 United Ton .. — tT
Paymaster .. 13 1« UtopU ...... —'53
Rescue ...... 14 15
TUESDAY. July 2S— 4 d. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... 05 OH'Julla. 02 04
Alta 05 07 Justice 12 14
Andes 08 00 Kentuck .... 03 05
Belcher ..... 42 43 Mexican 110 115
Best & Belch. 2 00 S 10 Occidental ... 38 4O
Bullion 03 OSOphtr 1 55 1 no
Caledonia ...1 30 1 40 Overman .... 36 2S
Challenge ... 42 45 Potosi 21 22
Chollar 19 20 Savage IS 18
Confidence ...1 20 1 30 Scorpion .... 04 05
Con Cal & V.I 43 1 60 Sear Belcher.. 12 13
Con Imperial. 03 04 Sierra Nev... 54 . T,H
Con NY..... 17 18 Silver Hill... 77 7H
Crown Point. 18 20 St Loots .... 18 20
Eureka Con.. — 45 Syndicate ... — Ort
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con... 81 8U
Gould A Cur. 38 40 Utah 34 38
Hale A Nor. 49 50 Yellow Jack.. 67 69
Lady Wasa.. — . 081
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following: were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornins Session.
300 Challenge Con 43 200 Mexican 1 or.
10O Con Cal & V.I 45 ICO Potosi 22
500 Con Imperial. OS 700 Sierra Nev . . . .V.
50O Con New York lft 1300 Union Con... M
100 Crown Point. 18jlOOO Utah 35
200 Justice 13.' SCO Yellow Jack.. tTT
- . Afternoon Session.
1000 Silver/ Hill... 81/ 200 Yellow Jtck.. 64
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were th« sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornin: Session.
1300 Alt* 06| 300 Overman .... 27
300 Chollar 20 300 Potosi 23
100 Con Cal A V.I 45 2C0 Seg Belcher.. 13
200 Gould & Cur. .">!>, 200 Sierra Nev... 55
200 Mexican 1 05; 200 Yellow Jack.. 67
Afternoon Session.
100 C C Jfc Va.l 47H 200 Silver Hill... SI
200 Gould & Cur. 39 200 Silver Hill... 7K
100 Mexican ...112VJ 200 Union Con... 8?
100 Mexican 115 200 Union Con... K:
100 Ophir 1 57% 200 Utah 34
600 Seg Belcher.. 14 200 Yellow Jack.. «S
TONOPAH EXCHANGE.
The followinr were the sales on the Sans
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange- yes
terday :
Morning Session. '.
100 Cen Eureka.. 88; COO Mont Ton ... 05
40 Cen Eureka.. 87) 100 Paymaster ... 15
100 Colehan 16 1000 Rescue 14
250 Esperanza ... 061 300 Ton A Cal... 35
700 MacNamara . 231 200 Ton & Cal... 31
1100 Mont Ton ... 90 100 Ton & Cal... :u;
10O Mont Ton ...1 00! 200 Ton N Star.. 51
200 Mont Ton ... 98 200 Ton N Star.. 52
Afternoon Session. ¦
100 Gipsy Queen. 271 100 Ton St Cal... 3<t
100 Ton N Star. 53 100 Ton A Cal... Z3
700 Ton N Star. 53,1C<JO United Ton... 28
Mining Stocks.
Frledrlch Drewes (owner) with Robert Trobt
(contractor), architect E. A. Hermann — AH
work for a 2-story and basement frame build-
Ing and . 2-story „ stable on lot on S line of
Twenty-ninth street. 80 W of Church. W 25,
S 114, E 25, N 61. E SO. N 25, W SO, N 2».
?5500. , - •
• Behlow Estate Company (owners) with Wil
liam Cronan (contractor), architect William
Curlett — Heating plant for a building on S line
of Geary street, 77:6 E of Powell. 87:6 by
137:6; $5120. -
Mm. M. 0.1 Geddcs (owner) with Charles J.
U. Koenlff (contractor), architect A. T. Ehren
pfort — Ali work except gas fixtures and shades
for a 3-story,: frame building (flats) on lot on
N lin» of Haight street, 38:6 E of Shrader.
E 25 by N 100; $S992. - ; -.
.' ¦ . B.' ' Nv Rowley (owner) with Alfred Segault
(contractor). . architect J. F. Dunn — All work
except plumbing, gasflttlng, tiling and heating
for a two-story and. basement frame building
on W line Of Hnott street, 52:6 8 of Union, S
25 by W 110; $50CO. . ,- . ¦ ,
Same owner with Charles McCarthy (con
tractor), architect same — Sewering, plumbing,
gaHfltttnfr and tiling for same on same: $940.- «*
. J. S. Morgan . & Sons (owners) with J. P.
Fraser (contractor)." architect E. . J. Vogel —
Priming and painting. etc.T for' a six-story
building on SW corner of Mission and Second
streets. W 76:10. S 40, W 8 Inches. S 60. K
77:10. N 100; $1050.
¦ MoRfu Samuel (owner) with A. T.- Mills (con
tractor), architects Havens & Toepke — Excava
tions, .brick v? • work - underpinning, carpenter
work, roofing and painting for^a one-story brick
building on NW line of Market street. 225 SW
of City Hall avenue. SW 25x100; $1250.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Eliz
abeth H. Jessup, lots 2164 .to 2166, 2170 to
2176, gift map 4: $1000.
Caroline P. B. Story to same, lots 2502, 2583
2548 to 2550. same: $10.
Charles Main and E. II. and Abble J. Win
chester to C. D. Jessup, lots 2274 to 2283, 2297
to 2306. sam«; $10.
F. B. Yoakum to W. R. Lett, lot on SE line
of Madrid street. 188 SW of Silver avenue. SE
100 by SW 75.* block 33, Excelsior Homestead
110.
Builders' Contracts. \
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company
(corporation) ¦" to Edwin L. 'Forster," rerecord
1973 D. 312. lot on SW line of Fcurth avenue.
250 NW.of S street, NW to Islais Creek, SW
to Fifth avenue. SE to point 350 N of S street
NE 200. block 89, O'Neill & Haley Tract; also
lot on SW line of Fifth avenue, 450 NW of S
street, NW to center of Islais Creek. SW to
Sixth avenue. SE to point 450 NW of S street
NE 200. block 01, *ame; $10.
Edwin L. and Luella M. Forster to Joseph
B. Coryell. same; $10.
Potrero Land and Water Front Company to
same, lot on NE corner of Tulare and Con
necticut streets, N 90, E 100, S 54, W 108
also lot on NW corner of Tulare and Connecti
cut streets, N 01.90, W 200. S to shore in Pre
clta Creek, thence along shore of creek to Tu
lare "treet. E 107; $10. . : . ...
Denis O. Crowlcy to Roman Catholic Arch
bishop of San FranciscQ. (corporation sole), lot'
on E Itne of Chattanooga street.- 156 S of
Twenty-second, S 2tJ by E 125; $10.
James B, and Sarah Mahony to Henry J.
and Emily A. Mahony, lot on W line of Castro
street, Ot S of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by W 80:
$10.
Isabella Van. Winkle to- Henry P. Umbsen.
lot on NE line of Beale street, 137:G NW of
Mission, NW 91:8 by NE 137:6; $10. t
John and Annie Healy to Joseph Tresmontan,
lot. on SW line of Rltch street 275 E of Bry
ant. SE 25 by SW 75; $10i
Isldor Lipman to Berthe Lipman. lot on SE
line of Clementina street, 125 NE of Fifth. X E
25 by SE 80; also lot on E line of Elgin Park
250 S of Hermann, S 25 by E 75; gift.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse. to Seymour Ga
briel, lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 213:S"N
of California. N, 25 by W 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to William H. and Maha!a D.
Smith, lot on. W line of Eighteenth avenue. 250
N of I street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Estate of Adolrh Sutro (by Emma L. Mer
rltt and W. R. H. Adamson, executors) to Ade
laide Howard, lot on W line of Forty-eighth
avenue, 812:0 S of O street, S 25, W 137.22 N
25.08, E 138.58; $S75.
Hlppolyte and Angcle Revel to August Fra
dels, lot on SW line of Fourteenth avenue. 50
NW of P street, NW 25 by SW 100; $000.
Mary E. Ryan to Alpheus .and Mary E. Duf
fee. lot 65, block B, Park Lane Tract 1; $10.
Henderson A. Boyakln to Dora Boyakln. lot
on NW- line of Caselll street, 91:8 NE of Moss
NE 25. NW 103:10. SW 25, SE 104:7, lot 27,'
block 8, subdivision 1 of Mountain Spring
property; gift.
Peter or Pete and Christina Johnson to Louis
M. Zimmerman, lot . on W line of Buchanan
street, 137:0 N of Union, N 27:6 by W 110;
$10. - '
M. J. Blackman to August Koerber, lot on
E line of Devlsadero street, 37:6 S of Ellis, S
0:0 9-12 by E 100; $J0.
Emma Cadwell, Frances Iireslln. Alice Wood;
Katherine GlttlQgs, Anna E. and John G. Sto
rey to John Tronhff; lot on NW line of Bryant
street, 10t> SW of Ninth. SW 28 by NW 80; $10.
Nellie and Martin J. Egan to same, same;
$10.
P. H. Jordan to Carrie Jordan, lot on W line
of Cafrtro street, 1S3:9 S of Fifteenth, S 2S by
W 120; gift
Arthur O. and Helen B. Leary to Helene B.
Davis, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street.
•50 E of Bartlett, E 57:0 by S 100; gift.
Catherine Flannelly to William H. and Belle
L. Kearney, lot on W. line of Dolores street,
51:«. N of Twenty-eighth. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of O'Farrell
street. 62:6 E of Octavla. E 75 by S 120; $10.
Amelia Haas to Sarah H. Macauley, lot on S
lino of O'Farrell street, 62:6 E ot Octavla, E
75 by S 137:6, quitclaim deed; $10. •
TUESDAY, JULY 2S,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
San Joaquln dividend of 9c per share, pay
able to-day.
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 8.1
Four Oil 61 7»
Hanford Oil a 124 0O 130 Oil
Home Oil 2 00 2 93
Imperial Oil IS 00
Independence Oil 16 IS
Junction Oil : 21 23
Kern Oil 5 0O
Lion Oil 05 OS
Monte Crlsto Oil SS
Monarch Oil S3 5t
Oil City Petroleum.... 2 1 .*
Peerless Oil 14 00
Reed Crude OH 3H
San Joaquin Oil ft 75
Sterling Oil ."... 3 00 3 10
Thirty-three Oil 8 00
Twenty-eight Oil 3 SO
Union Oil «8 00
United Petroleum 113 <X>
West Shore Oil 2 85
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement 1 25
Alameda Sugar 23 0»
American Biscuit 93 00 100 00
American District Telegraph
Bay Counties Power
Cai Central Gas & Electric
California Cotton Mills 83 00
California Jockey Club 103 00
California Powder
California Shipping: -Co 23 OO SO 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust. 130 00 14O 0O
Central Bank of Oakland 63 00
Chutes Company 8 30
City and. County Bank
Cypress Lawn Imp Co O 12% .....
Eastern Dynamite ..... .....
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Gas 'Consumers' Association 22 5O
Honolulu Sug-ar 19 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd.)
Mercantile Trust .....
Northern California Power 0 75
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad fl 0O
Orpheum Company ..... 15 0O
Pacific States Tel & Tel 123 5O
Paraffin* Paint % 33 00
Postal Device & Imp '
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
Sausalito Land'' & Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Company
Standard Electric 13 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 SO
United Gas St Electric 34 SO .....
Western Fish Co .....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board! — •
1 Hanford Oil. a 90 121 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Home Oil '. 2 95
100 Home Oil 2 9O
2 Hanford Oil 12* OO
10CO E*peranza 1 lit
100 Sterling Oil 3 10
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association.... 148 50
5 Oceanic S S Co 7 25
25 8 F Gaa & Electric Co 68 CO
10 S F Gas & Elec Co, trustees' cert. 87 00
Street—
$60GO S P of Arizona. (1909) 107 73
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Giant Powder Con 71 09
25 Hutchlnson S P Co..... U 25
2* Hutchlnson S P Co 14 00
5 Spring: Valley Water 83 00
$7000 8 P of Arizona <l»09) 107 75
110.000 San Fran * S J V Bonds 120 25
Street—
100 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 43 00
Alaska Pack.143 150 (Oceanic 3 Co 7t; —
Cal Fruit As — 90>4 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As — 99 I Pac C Borx.166 —
MISCELLANEOUS
Continued From Pag© Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
"One very peculiar thing about banking
is that, although a person may have S50Q
In bank, his check for $505 would not be
honored by paying out all the money on
deposit, unless, of course. It was under
stood by the bank that ths depositor
could at times overdraw to a small ex
tent—a check iSypaid for its face value. I
once knew a man who kept a balance in
a bank. He got into some trouble and
gave a check to cover the sum of money
needed. He gave a check for $10 more
than his balance, knowing full well that
the bank would not allow $1 overdrawn.
He thought he could get to the bank In
time to draw out his money before it
could be attached by law, for he knew his
check would not be honored.- But he
reckoned without his host. While the
man to whom the check was given was
waiting for the paper, he inadvertently
saw by the check book that the balance
In bank was $10. less than the amount of
the check. He knew the check would not
be honored at the bank, but said nothing.
He realized that he was 'up against' a
fraud, and determined not to be outdone.
He accepted. the. check, gave a receipt and
bowed his thanks profusely. He hastened
to the bank for his money. Did he pre
sent the check to the paying teller? Nay,
nay. He walked to the desk where the
deposit slips were, made out a deposit slip
for $10 in favor of the man who had given
the check, to him and presented it to the
receiving teller. This, of course, added
$10 to the balance, for any person can de
posit money to the credit of another.
Then he went over to the paying teller
and presented his check. The books
showed the balance $10 \ short of the
amount of the check, but upon inquiry
the receiving teller made entry of the $10
deposit, and the. whole amount was paid.
You never saw a more surprised or more
chagrined man in your life than the man
who gave the check when he came to the
bank a few minutes later, and, upon pre
senting a check for his exact balance, he
was told that there was no balance, as a
check had' just been honored for the
whole amount of his account. Then he
was told of the deposit. He left the bank,
and has never done business with us
since."— Washington Star.
A TRICKSTER OUTWITTED.
"When checks are negotiable and pass
by indorsement and delivery the same de
gree of diligence will be required of each
person to whom they are indorsed, in
order to hold those indorsing them, as is
required of original payees to hold orig
inal drawers of checks. But by putting
checks in circulation the liability of the
drawers cannot be prolonged. They must
be presented within the same time by In
dorsees as by payees.
"The principal case in which losses oc
cur from failure to use due diligence in
the collection of- checks is where the
banks on which they are drawn fail in
the meantime. If the banks continue sol
vent the drawers will remain liable to pay
their checks for months at least after
they are drawn. Presentation and notice
of dishonor will also be dispensed with
where there are no funds to pay checks
and where the banks on which they are
drawn suspend payment before they can
be presented with proper diligence. After
receiving checks they must be presented
for payment unless such presentation
would be useless, before the original
claims can be sued on, for by accepting
checks there is an implied agreement to
use that method of procuring the money
for which they are drawn. /
"After duly "presenting the checks it is
also the duty of the holder, if they are
not paid, to 1 notify the drawers before the
close of the next secular day following
the presentation and dishonor. No par
ticular form of notice is required. 'It may
be written Or verbal.
"Checks must be dated.' If not dated
at all and they do not contain any state
ment as to whom they are to be paid,
they are never payable.- They may be
ante or post dated, as well as. dated on
the day of delivery. By being antedated
they may be made to cover prior trans
actions and in a measure determine the
relative rights of the parties to them, pro
vided that no fraud is Intended or done.
Postdating in the main determines the
date of payment.
"When postdated so as to fall due on
Sunday they are payable on the following
Monday. Checks postdated or maturing
on legal. holidays should be presented the
day before. When postdated checks are
paid before the dates mentioned the
money paid on them can be recovered.
If blanks are left for date the holders of
checks are thereby authorized to insert
the true dates of delivery, but no other
dates, and If they insert other dates it
makes the checks void. Changing the
dates of checks without consent of the
drawers will do the same.
BULE AS TO PBESENTATION'.
"The presumption is that when checks
are drawn funds will be provided at the
banks on which they are drawn to meet
them, but presentation for payment must
be made within a reasonable time. If not
so presented the holders will be charged
with any consequent loss. When persons
receiving checks and the banks on which
they are drawn are in the same place,
they should be presented the same day or
at the latest the day after which they
are received.
"Checks possess a great many advan
tages in conducting business, but it must
be understood they are in nature but or
ders' for the payment of money, and are
payable In the order In which they are
presented— that is to say, a man may
pay bills with checks numbered 100, 106.
122, etc., but at the bank, number 100 would
not have precedence over number 122. :
MUST BE DATED. .
"A man may give a check in payment
of a bill' and obtain a receipt, but the ob
ligation is not liquidated until after the
check has been received and paid at the
bank on which it is drawn," said a Wash
ington bank teller this morning. "In
other words, If the check becomes lost,
then the amount, for which It was drawn
still remains. under the control of the man
who owes the bill, although he may not
know it until his account is balanced and
his canceled checks -returned to him. **
Great Convenience and Much
Advantage to Business
WorJd.
Points as to Their Use
Not Generally -<
• Known.
FACTS ABOUT
BANK CHECKS
Inasmuch as all boxing 1 contests which
terminate speedily are, as a rule, ended by
this character of coup de grace, the phys
iology of it is of great Interest. A man
struck with any degree of force upon the
mental area of the jaw. although he may
be in perfect physical condition, instantly
collapses and falls to the ground. The at
titude assumed in recovery, which may be
Instantaneous or delayed some minutes.
Is ntbst characteristic. He squirms about,
raises his head and rolls bis eyes in an
attempt to locate himself. He tries to get
on his side and elbow. He endeavors to
rise upon his bands and knees. If he re
gains his feet he staggers like a drunken
man and should he proceed to reopen hos
tilities he Is usually promptly "put out"
by his adversary. The blow is practically
never fatal, the heart's action is never
unduly accelerated, the pulse and respira
tion are normal, the pupils are normal,
there is no headache, no sweats, no cold
extremities, no pallor— none of the ordi
nary signs of shock or concussion.
James O. Duncanson (British Medical
Journal, April 4, 1303) believes the condi
tion to, be due entirely to a shaking uf
of the endolymph in the semi-circular
canals. When the blow is administered
there is a violent overtwisting of the head,
which is held in its anteposterior position
by muscles which, compared with those
inflicting the blow, are small and puny.
The result Is that the head files around
with a jerk and the fluid in the canals is
subjected to a greater disturbance than
by any other trauma. There is little rea
son to doubt that this is the Interesting
pathology of the well-known but little un
derstood coup de grace. — Medical News.
The Scientific Pugilistic Punch Much
More Serious Than Generally
Supposed. /
KNOCK-OUT BLOW
A VEEY SEBIOUS MATTER
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 1903.
15
_R00Mg FOR HOPgJBKEEPIXG^ J
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 3C3
3d st.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
HERBERT- (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nlshed. 1530 Polk st. -.
HOWARD. 1063— Sunny connecting completely
furnished bay-window rooms; electric
lights; others.
MISSION. 1917— Larga furnished sunny suite
housekeeping: gas range; other rooms. •
STOCKTON. 1206— Model house, newly fur-
nished; front housekeeping rooms; phone,
ifas. bath.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, near Dolores— 3 ttun-
ny bay-window rooms; furnished complete.'
VALENCIA, 822—2 sunny furnished house-"
keeping rooms; electric light; gas stove. • >:
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Vntarn.
AA— City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market St., cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4.— -Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without board,
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. 18 TURK ST.. 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVKRY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A— BRUNSWICK House! 148 Sixth— Rooms
2.V to $1 per 'light, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, . $1. $1 r>0 night;
?1 50 to ?10 week; housn open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— 3. 4 and 5 room apart-
rofnts for hkpg.: strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. 8S9 Post -St.
BURNETT. 142« Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, eulte*. single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. £04 Ellis cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
KOURTH. 226 — Furnished rooms suitable for
two; also single rooms. -
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Room* 50c
to «1 50 night: 12 to $6 week; reading-rc-om.
HYDE. 1<W, corner Cnllfornia — Clean, sunny
room: gas; suitable for gentleman; fO 50.
MASON 217— Neatly furn. rooms; quiet: re-
spectable; board optional. Tel. Howard 2606.
328 MINNA, b»t. Fourth and Fifth— Newly fur-
nished rooms, cheap: Spanish family. After
1 o. m. '
MINNA, 545— Sunny front room for gentleman
or light housekeeping. ¦
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: eleo. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 871— Newly furn. sunny rms,,
central; quiet: tel.; baths; moderate.
PINE. 1S23 — Pleasant sunny room; nicely fur-
nished; suitable for gentleman: run, water.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readirg-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month.- $8 to $30; elevator on grourfS
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TO LET — A newly furnished front bay-window
room in new modern flat with use of bath;
* 15 minutes from Third and Market sts.; north
side of Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. Rox 13. Call office.
TURK. 416. Regina — Beautiful sunny suites &
single; latest Impts.; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 12-3 Eddy St., near Market
— 400 single, and family rooms; 35c to $1
night; $1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric
1 i ghts: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 619 — Renovated; handsome
sunny furnished suites front rms.; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4t 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elev»tor;
elec. lights; reading-room; free, bus; bagsagp.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements "and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS AJjP BOARD. ' ¦ '
AMOY. THE 001 DEVISADERO ST.
. Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. - 1714 — Select private boarding-
house; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace' Church,
with unnex, S07 California st. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free ;bllllard-room.
THE JOHNSON. 6C5 O'Farrell st. — Sunny
suites and single rooms, with board: refs.
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
THE following children have been received at
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children. 1534 Mission st., since last publica-
tion of same: Albert Haight. half orphan.
age 7 years; Martha Slebe. half orphan, age
10 years; Robert Siebe. half orphan, age 8
years; Flora. Slebe half orphan age 6 years.
HARRIET W. MANNING. Secretary.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and N0ISE3 in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUI'I'LIE.H
$15 CO drop-head oak, guaranteed: second-hand.
|6 to $15; some nearly new: 00 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M.Exchange, 933 Mkt.
ft., bet. Sth and tith; phone South 433; eleva-
tor: branch. 2S5 Geary fct. : phone Main 750.
lAjKD VVAREHO PSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co. of-
fice Post and Powell fsts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; JMO
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941_.F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phono Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates,
STUTTERIXG AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITER&2Av e
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals S3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 200,
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS — Bids j wanted — Notice is hereby
given that (sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Home of California at room 13, 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal.. up to 3:30 p. m.
on MONDAY, August 10, 1903, for furnishing
uniform coats, pants and blouses for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (R. R. sta-
tion, Yountville), for six months, ending De-
. cember SI. 1903. Preference will be given to
goods manufactured in, this State, price,
fitness and quality being equal, under the
provisions of sec. 3247 of the Political Code.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to
C. Mason Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a good and valid
contract upon notice of acceDtance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over cr under the amount specified.
Address John F. Sheehan secretary of - the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home of
California, room 13, 320 Sansome Et., San
Francisco, Cal. By order of . the Board of
Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Sec. "
OFFICE of "C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. July 22. 1903 — Sealed proposals, In
¦ triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
m.. August 21. 1903, and then opened for the
construction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash ,
. of 1 double barrack. 1 guardhouse, 2 gun-
•heds and 2 workshops. For full Information,
plans and, specifications apply to this office.
U. S. reserves the right to reject, or accept
any or all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be mark-
ed. "Proposals for construction of buildings
. at Vancouver Barracks. Wash.," and addret*-
ed F. H. Hathaway. C. Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. July 27, 1903— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, .will be received here
until 11 o'clock, a. m.. August 27, .1903, and
then opened for filling ravine and laying
' drain at the Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.
'.Government reserves right, to reject or ac-
cept any. or. all bids In whole or in' part.
Information furnished on application to J.
McE. HYDE, Deputy Quartermaster Oeneral.
Chief Q. M.. Dept. of California. .'
UNITED STATES Engineer Office. Burke
Bldg., Seattle, Wash., July 25. 1903— Sealed
* proposals for dredging Grays Harbor and
Cbehalls River, Wash., will be received here
until 12 m.. August 25. 1903, and than pub-
licly opened. . Information furnished on appli-
cation. JOHN MILLlS.'MaJ. Engineers. >
MISCELLAXEOJCS FOIl SALE--Con.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
•II elxa. J. e. DOAK. 4fl Fremont st.
SAFES— New and eecond-haod. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento «t.
A£K for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. '10 Montr y-
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— 100 teams weighing from 12W to
1400 pounds at fl per span and feed by \\.*
E. B. & A. L. Stone Company. K-r railroad
,, trading for the Butte County Railroad Coia-
. pany, near Chico. Inquire either at tl:e Oak-
land or Chico office.
TILTON want* good second-hand clothing and
.theatrical cooes. 154 Sth rt.: tel.Jecsle SMI.
f^OOO WORTH e*st-cff clothing" wanted; h:ghe«
ptic* paid. S22 Grar.t ave : tel. Re* " u "- i
' J MONEY TO I' OA^_
AAA— HERMAN MTTRPHY.
COl-tWJ-eoa Eramlner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
£ Save expenses hy dealing directly.
Estates, socond mortgages, undivided lnter-
wts. assignments of rentf. prt-perty in trust.
• f **¦*¦ '• legacies. Itfe estates and undivided «n-
tere*t» in property purchased.
. Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You N*ed Money
c See HERMAN MfRHl Y.
• HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market gt.. ttt Main 1C44. Hranch. 19 Third.
-MC r VET loaned to »a>ri^d p. cple. r.-tall mer-
cnants. teamsters, boarcing-houses. without
j fecurlty: eaay payments; larsert business ia
. * '46 pnecipal rtties. Tf»iman. K» Parrott bldg.
A— a pet- «»nt on furniture cr piano:.™ removal;
no coramiF5ion: no publicity; S25 up: Quick.
«juiet < confidential. 2ti Montgomery St.. r. «¦
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS KROM tljto flO.OOO.
AT cut rate* ctvreal estate, furniture or piano:
no comrnf^.on. E W. UCK, 1003 Mutual
6av. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 818.
£ F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people <m their note.
The TOUgLEY CO 1*3 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to :oen ca low Interest; gold, silver,
diaracnds pearls and precious Etacta bought
at W. J.'hesTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
ONE per cent on furniture; IS a month on each
$1000; axy security. 302 Montgomery, room 1«.
S'fr ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN, room 61. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
me*. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. Ki3 Kearny.
ETAR Lean Co. of Wyoming loans money ta
salaried employes. R. Sll. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH -loaned salaried people on nctes without
lnflcrger. MORRF.LL. 609 Examiner bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER of good pianos returned from
irters will be *cld at greatly; reduced prices.
Am^ng these instruments ar»» several cf th»
lacing makes. Oth«r bargains:
• Chickering* * 150 - * isr '- *~£
c l Ktrr.bfcU. walnut upright, celluloid keys..*^
2 Emer*on ««. |-1;'
r "2 Stcinway :&}*r V&t
• 12 FQuare. *J ''to ?17f
if organ* tlO to $73
rtrnts" $2 up. allowed on purchase; install-
ments $4 up; piano-player* from $90 up; new
pianos iron |1I7 up. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Geary it.; phonr Main T.44.
ETHINWAY urright. left by private party,
$16.'; great bargain. 237 Geary et.
A 1TW good upright pianos frcm $70 up com-
prising Vcse. Sterling, Jacobsen. Prhwech-
ten, Sherwood, Wes*r, Marshall & Wendell,
Halnes, Everett, Knabe and others; easj
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-2C
O'Farrell. No branches in San Francisco.
A BAUMEI5TER cr Schubert piano Is a goo<!
one to buy. You get full value for every dol-
lar invested. Our terms are easy and the
prtces low. THE ZENO MAUVA1S CO., 7«l
Ji^rket et.
B'aIn'D Instruments: F. Besscn. Paris, maker.
" Ous t Maiwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell
'•killlul repairing; 2<i-han<I instrument* sold.
ZITHERS, music, etriags. etc. Max Maler,
Teacher of Zither. 304A Turk st.
rEAUTIFUL 3-pe<Sal Etelnway upright piano;
. perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O*Farr«lL
Vernily sailing for Australia oJTers at sacriflc*
handsome Etelnway upright piano. 516 Eddy.
' El" Y direct from the factory and eavc-50 pel
c*r.t. HOR.VUXO. 21<i McAllister et.
KCiLPR & CHASJ5. 30 OFarrell et.; largest
. and oldeft piano house,
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT.n;RTAZ PIANO CO.. &C0 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: coo<3 upright: must be sold at
oace. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy piano*. Cecil'.an plane
flayer. BYRON MAUZY. 308-S12 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker, irpairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA* SPRECKELS I uilding. J27 Market st.—
.Office to let; rent J15; light, h»it. janitor anJ
telephone. ASHTON & GARDINER.
ETORE with larr? basement ; near Kearny at.
Sr-f owner. (36 Oar rt.. room 1.
PERSONALS. v i
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby ekin. birthmarks.
en'allpox p:tiings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting. m&ss£ge,electriclty or
medicine; special demonstration* this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED— 777 ladies with scalp diseases; loss
of :..:• and preir.ature grayness prevented.
(Can treat by mail. Blank for stamp.) Con-
sultation free, &:2U to 0: Sundays. 10 to 12.
.Prof.- "GEO. A. CARLOW, Specialist, room
gin. »97 Market et."
JIOHPHINE. opium and laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment; in-
dorsf-d and ui-f-<5 by leading physicians; corre-
epondrnc* Etrictiy cor.fldtr.tlal; in plain.fealert
envelope; call or write to-<2ay. India Drug
jCurf. 201 Turk st.; Hruoe D. Kimmi!'. Mgr.
THE Star Hair Remedy r«=tore« gray hair, im-
proves Its growth ;stops falling ;cures dandruff
and itching Bcalp; no s.ain or stickiness;
clesnses -.-.'..,• drugsisui'. hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star R*roedyCo..3S5Geary.
NOT how ch'-ap. but how good, is the motto of
th» manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the eewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 13 years* «xp*rri«-nc*. cures per-
miBeatly morphine, cocaine habit. CaJI or
«<Jdr**e Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
j-orner Sutt*-r et. : fee moderate.
GILBERT BAUKLY of England Is requested
to report at the Yourg Men> Christian Asso-
ciation bldg.. San Francisco; newc of im-
portance from boroe.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
rt.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less th*.n cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market rt.
KLEOANT ei*ita on easy installments; OO cents
' and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
. ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co., rnerch. tailors. 727-723 Market.
ALL style* h&iruressing, 23c: hair goods; mani-
curing 25c. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton gt.
TAILOR-MADE suit f 7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu&h and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70Market
MASQUERADE costumes, p'.ay books, vips,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mitt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: il : at all druggists. '
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mra. & Mies F.aton, 1119 Stitter.
VARICOSE vciw and catarrh cured at lirme.
Oil or write for testimonials. Dr. WILL-
IAMS CO.. 140 O<ary Bt.. S. F. 'v. : --".
palmist:* v.
Sl/.DAM DEVAfl, eriectiflc palmist and astrolo-
rlst. OfiW. 26 L'rbes bldg.. 139 Post St.: $1
r<alm reading a specialty: open Tuesday eve.
PArERUASGI.\C, PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ItOOMS papered, $X 50 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmgnn Paint Co.. 31S 3d St.; tel. Main 413
PHVMCIA.N! AND »CRGEO.\S.
Ell C CO DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 Vi Market «t.. bet. Elxth and Seventh.
REMOVED — DR. WONO HIM. Qerb doctor:
treat* ail £Ueaa*s of the human tody: for
past four years at 116-117 Mason: now l»-
catfd at 6CT Geary sC. near Lg*\-enworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. roccessW to Dr. LI Pa
Tai herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use ot kerb* and teas. 727 Washington st.
liLOOD, ekin end rectal diseases * *pecliiiy.
DR. 6ALL, 1037% Market ct,
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AU din-
***** cured fcy Chtaex herb*. 746-W Clay rt.
PROPERTY WAKtED.
HOUSE with large lot, not over ?1000; north
of Market et.; not too far out: other* from
$2000 cr up. &IOESMAN, £50 Market rt.
g" -MARBIAGE ;LICEFGESi :
The following, marriage licenses wer* Issued
yesterday:
Albert A. Beckman. 36, 12 Perry street, and
Susanna Kalya, 29, 549 Howard street.
Herman Lipman, " 31, Langham Hotel, and
Carolyn M. Harian, 21, city. . .;
Charles Owen, . 24, -755 Bush' street, and Ethel
A. Dickey, 1», 2733 Folsom street.
Samuel R. Curry, . 30, Point Richmond, and
Rosa H. Alexander, 21. ¦ Foluotn.
Bertln Uolsfeet, 30, 924 Pacific street,, and
Guadalupe Tapal, 23, 924 Pacific* street.
Lewis L. Parker. 23. Pateruon, N. J.. and
May'L. Valentine. 2«. 271 Thirtieth street.
Thomas J. O'Hara; 2<>, Los Angeles, and
Loretta A." Nolan, l'J, city.
Eber L Gilbert. 36," New Monterey, and
Clara E. Randall, 35, South Ryegate. Vt.
Earnest J. Thompson. 27, Seattle, Wash.,!
and May J. Cadenasso, 2.5, city. f
Mlneklch Enomoto, 20, 424 Powell street, and
Kumayo Ogata. 19. 020 Sacramento street.
| BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
B0BN.
BUCHANAN— In thfs'clty, July 21, 1903, to
the wife of O. H. Buchanan, a daughter. ,
GUEGGAINS— In this city, July 27, 1903. to
the wife of Tom Greggalna (formerly Alice
Glenn), a daughter.
LYON— In Oakland, July 27, 1003, to the wife
of H. W. Lyon, a son. x
_ ___________
BENNETT— BREMKAMP — In this city, July
2tl, 1W«. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. Wlll-
pon Bennett and Clare Bremkamp, both of
San Francisco,
CROWSON— CLAYTON— In this city, July 26,
100."t. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander.' pastor oi
the Fln=t' English Lutheran Church. Ernest
A. Crowson of San Francisco and Merle
Clayton of San Jose. Cal. .
DI'NN— KORNBAUM— In this clti\ July 23.
1HO3. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor of
the First English Lutheran Church, William
N. Dunn of San Francisco and Kate M.
Kornhaum of Enid.. Oklahoma Territory.
GRACE— NEVEI.S — In thLs city, July 27, 1903,
at tiie home of the bride, by the Rev. F. A.
Keast, Walter R. Grace and Minnie Nevels.
WESSEL— WASSKU— In this rlty, July 2tt.
inO3. by the Ii«v-. G. -A. • Bernthal. Henry L.
Wessel and Lottie Wassku, both of San
Francisco. ¦ ¦
DIED. "
Brandt. Pearl Marlch. Splro
Cheesman." William Nrlson, Nels
Dean, James II. Nlchelmann (infant)
• Dwnartini.'Mary Perry. Nellie
Demmick. Henry K. Rlley. George
Donoghue, Michael Ruffln, Kruno"
Doollttle, Bettey M. Shaw. Thomas H.
Flske. Mrs Elizabeth Smith. Harlan P.
Hail. Laura M. • Smith. John C.
Heywood. Franklin Spencer. Cordelia F.
Jame?. William S. Stark. David W.
Kurpinsky. Mary E. Stevens. Lucy M. .
Levinson. Ada Thompson, Annie ..
Levy. Etta Trefethen. Ina G. '
McLoughlln. Edward Walsh, Frank
Mack, Lawrence ' . . .-.
BRANDT— In this city. July 23. 1003. Pearl,
wife of Herman Brandt Jr. of New York
City. and. sister ot.Drs. J. Henry and Wil-
liam F and JoKephlne E. Barbat. a native
of San Francisco. (New York papers please
copy.) •
C?" Funeral private.
CHEESMAN— In this city. July 27, 1003, Wil-
liam Cheesman, beloved husband of the late
Annstnsia Cheesman, and father of Untuo,
Jam.»s, TIdoro, Rita ' and Lottie Cheesman
and Mrs. Jennie A. Paris, a native of Peru.
DEAN— In this city, July 27, 1003, Jamea
Henry, beloved husband of Ellen Dean, a
native of New York, aged 30 years 9 months
and 25 days.- - ...
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o"clock, at the
parlor« of the Western Addition Funeral
Directors, 1724 Uevlsadero street, between
Sutter and Bush. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DEMARTINI— In this city, July 27. 1903, Mar/,
dearly beloved wife of James Demartlnl.. be-
ibved daughter of Mr. and Mm. L. Franchl,
and beloved sl.oter of Felicia. Louis. Linda.
l.oulsa. Guido and Tlllle Franchl. a native of
Santa Rosa. Cal,, aced 11' yaers and 25 ilar*.
CyFrn'ndp and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late res:-
dence, f>0« Filbert street, between Dupont
and Stockton. N.. B.— At 10:30 o'clock a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul 'at Sts. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church. Dupont and Filbert streets.
Interment.- New 'Italian Cemetery.
DEMMICK— In Vallejo. July 27. 1003 Henry
F./ dear'- beloved father of Edwin F. Dem-
mlck, and devoted father-in-law of Marie F.
Demmick. a native of- Pennsylvania, aged 74
years and 7 months.
(?^Interment Holy Crors Cemetery by
funeral car connecting with steamer General
Friable, Mtaslon-strect pier I To. 1, Wednes-
day. July 2». 1903. at 2.20 v. m.
DONOGHUE — In thin city, July 20. 1903,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Mrs.
Lucy Donoghue. and father of Katherine and
Cecilia Dononnue, a native of Armagh, Ire-
land, aged 78 years. A member of Gentle-
men's Sodality of St. Ignatius Church.
(CTThe funeral will take place Wednesday.
July 29. from his late residence, 2804 Pine
street, thence to St. Dominic's Church, whero
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul; commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Crews Cemetery by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
DOOLITTLE— In this city. July 28. 1903. Bet-
Bey M., relict of the late Ira R. Doollttle,
and beloved mother of Mrs. Elizabeth
Knowlton and Mamie W. and James H. Doo-
Uttle, a native of Maine, aged 70 years 10
months and 1U days.
(tyFuneral services Jo-morrow (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of the Hotel St.
Nicholas. Interment Cyoress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Towns«-nd streets.
FISKE— Irr* this . tlty, July, 27, 1003, at her
residence, Mrs. Elizabeth A. Fiske, beloved
wife of the late Henry G. Flske. and mother
of Mr*. James Dewing, Mrs. Madison Dew-
Ing. Mrs. C. K. Harman and Mrs. W. P.
Todd.
• KyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral services
at her late residence," 2022 Gough street, at
11 o'clock, Wednesday, July 29.
HALL— In this city. July 28. 1003, Laura May
¦ Hall,* beloved daughter, of Burton D. and
Mary Hall, a native ot Wataonville, Cal.",
aged 7" years.
HEYWOOD— In this city," July 28. 1003. Frank-
lin Heywood, a native of. Calais, Me., aged
(i<i years. .
CTNctice of funeral hereafter.
JAMES— Infill Valley, July 27. 1903. William
Sherwood, beloved son of Edward A. and
Ethel James, and loving mother of Harold
and Austin James, - a native of Mill Valley,
aged 10 months and 22 days. -
KURPIXSKY— In this city, July 27, 1903 (oi
diphtheria), at the residence of her parents.
.'100U Twenty-fifth street, Mary E., eldest, and
dearly beloved daughter of Charles and Mary
Kurpinsky, and lovlngr sister of Frank. Rob-
ert. -Anita. Beatrice, Hazel and the late '
Charles J. Kurpinsky. a native of San Fran- '
Cisco, aged 18 years 1 month and 9 days.
LEVINSON— In thle city, July 29, 1903, of '
pneumonia, Ada' Levinson, dearly beloved I
daughter of Fanny Levinson, and sister of !
Julia and the late John Levinson, a native
of San Francisco.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully >lnvlt«d to. attend the funeral to-da"
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2415 Buchanan street. -
LEVY — In this city. July 28, 1003, Etta, wife
of the late Joseph Levy, and sister of Mrs
Ada Ellis and Mrs. Nellie Stocks of Seattle
a native of Oregon, ' aged 42 years.
McLOUGHLIN— In this city, July 28. 190.1,
Edward, dearly beloved brother of Michael •
Patrick and John McLoughlin, and uncle. of
Sister M. Franclseus, a. native of Sllgo, Ire-
land, aged t'5 years. ¦
. tETNotloe of funeral hereafter. Pleasa
omit flowers.
MACK— In this city. July 28. 1903, Lawrence
Mack, beloved husband of Miriam Mack and
father of Mrs. Samuel .Blbo. Mrs. Charles
Schlesinger, , Mrs. , Ella , Lebenbaum. Mrs.
Abraham Hyman and Solomon L., Julius J '
Adolph.' Simon and Wilfred L. Mack, a"na-
tlve of Bavaria, aged 8.1 years 8 months and
15 days. ¦'..•:•
i ty Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARICH— In this city, July 28, 1003 Splro
Marlch, a native of Bocche dl Cattaro, Geno-
vlch, Austria, aged 30 years. ¦
NELSON — In this city, July 20. 1903. Nels
' Nelson, a native of Denmark, aged 65 years
10 months and 1H days.-
ETTiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully fnvlted to attend • the funeral Wednes-
day, July 29, 1903. at 2 o'clock, from Charles
f NE^ RES !iTii II mF^ I^. Y ZZlf
P OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST f 4
HENRY il. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors' to Flan nagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. j
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
¦ 20 Fifth at..- opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. -
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral * Directors and Enihalnifcrs— — !—
,;-! Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. - ¦
¦ Now at 86tJ MISSION.' Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth St.".
- _^_Flneat Equipments at (Moderate Rates. ;
I- James McGinn. - • ~- • ' ' ' Henry - Hansen. ¦
- JAMES McGINN & CO.. . I
F6rmerly With McGinn Bros., I
•«— Foneral'" Director* ana Hmbaimers— .'J
i v 214 Eddy it.: Tel. South 578. • .' 1
HEAT, C^ATO^^fclTY^-FOn. '' SALE.
speck"& c<£ yr*?~~* — — «
667 Market St., 3pp. Kearny.
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS AND itENT COL-
LECTORS. FULL. CHARGE TAKEN
OF PROPERTY.
$100.000 — Kearny and Bush sts. business prop- 1
<rty; corner, "57:6x77:6 feet; rents $515
. month; old Improvements; last strictly
downtown retail piece.
$75,000 — 6S:Uxl37:6; Slitter and Jones sts.:
ran be leased with security for at least
f2<X>0 per month if improved.
$52,000 — Very best corner, 87:6 frontage on
Larklu tt.; tine building; stores and
lodging-house.
$20,000— Choice building lot. 30x120; vicinity
Larkin and Ellis sts.; rent f75 month.
$18,500— Vicinity Haight and Scott; 68:9x
137 :«i; fine improvements; rents $140
month.
$17,O0o— i'hoire business property, 5 minutes
from Third and Market; investigate
this; 10 per cent.
$7.000— ."{ good flats lti Mission, renting for
i'.:> ir.onth.
$G,5C0 — Lot 80x80; near 9th and Minna sts.;
rents $57 month.
$0,500—3 fine Hats, vicinity lSth and Castro;
rents sf.'.s month; lot 25x125. .
fC,250 — 2 new flats* on Fell st., overlooking
Golden Gate Park; rents $43; lot 25x
100.
$5.250 — .*ith and Clementlnaj fine front and
tear improvements ; leased 2 years at
; *f«K> year. *
I' $5,000 — 4 good flats In Mission, always rented
at $1S month.
$2,650^ — New <-ottage In Mission; 6 rooms and
; bath; fine lot.
$1,000 — Lot 119x111; corner cottage; 3 rooms;
in MiFslon.
SPECK & CO.. C<57 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do You Want to Make Money?
Then Select Lota in Our New Blocks.
Choicest Locations. Lowest Prices, Easiest
Term 6.
$500 to I100O. Sunset District. All Graded
: and Sewered. $10 Monthly. V ¦
Sunset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H
Street, Open Sundays and Holidays.
"Oceanslde" Lots, Just Being Graded!
Nothing Like It Ever Offered Here'.
Every Lot Has a Superb Ocean and Park
View!
- H Street, 46th. 47th and 48th Avenues.
Fronting Park and Ocean Electric Line.
Only Graded Boulevard Lots Fronting Ocean!
Don't Miss Seeing Them To-Day! .«¦
All Sold on Eaey Terms! . . •
Call for Diagrams and Prices!
Oceanslde Branch Office on Forty-ninth Avenua
and K Street, Open Sundays.
New Level Lots in Excelsior Homestead.
Only $200 Each, $5 Monthly.
Near Mission-street Electric Car Line.
$1200, $2000 to $3000. 4. 5 and 6-Koom Modern
Cottages in Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. Easy Terms.
EOL> GETZ A- PON, Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market St
$3000 — 2 flats. 0 rooms, basement; rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
bert StF.
$2500 — 2-story house of 12 rooms; basement
of 5 rooms; pays 19 per cent.
SSr»OO — Good income property: nice locality;
3 bay-window flats; basement; tun all day;
pay* over 11 per cent..
$000 — House and lot near M et. and Tenth
ave. ; south of park.
Nice level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
sves.; easy Installment or cash; south of park;
marine view.
$200 — Choice level lots, ready to build on;
Excelsior Homestead: Mission; installment.
$4500 — 10- ROOM house. Mission; house for in-
vestment, $2000; new modern home. $7500;
elegant home; furnished; near Glen Park.
$6000. Other bargains see MOSSMAN, SoO
Market.
$1500— PAYMENT on 2 new flats at 3435 Mis-
sion et. : will pay 20 per cent on investment:
2 new fiats on Army St., near Mission, and
many others that will pay big Interest. D.
COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission et.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY. 511-512 Callaghan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment: $S per month pays principal and
interest on each $1000 of balance due.
WHOLE block of houses just started near the
Park on Carl, Cole.Shrader & Parnassus ove. ;
plans, terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
JAMES RQUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl .st.
• NEW houses and flats on Second ave. ard C
; rt. for eale on easy payments; one block to
| McAllister cars; prices to suit you; open.
I FOR sale — House 8 rms.: high basement: sunny
: side 19th, bet. Valencia & Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co., 221 Powell.
A sacrifice — 2 artistic houses. 7 rooms and bath,
Inglecide. lot 50x100. Call f.1-53 McAllister St.
REAL ESTATE Country— For Sale.
RANCH for sale — Fine fruit, dairy and grain
ranch of 169 acres, 00 acres being Bartlett
pears: fine dwelling; farming Implements and
plenty of water. Box 4263, Call office.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent tree. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
MAPS and information of San Rafael. Ross
and Mill valleys and Marin County of
CROKER & CO., real estate agents. 137
Montgomery gt. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2800; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. .
$4000 — 1507 PRINCE st.. near Santa Fe R. R:;
large 8- room bouse; high basement; sta-
ble: cow barn; 7 houses for chickens; lot
160x135; street work complete; call and
Inspect.
W. C. MORAN * CO.,
2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$1000— HANDSOME, well-built 5-room house;
high basement; nice lot: close to cars; $100
cash balance $15 per month. W. C. MO-
HAN. Lorin Etatlon. C C. EMSLIE. Ashby.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3000 — FORCED aale under mortgage; posi-
tively must be sold at once: 10 rooms; lot
36x11 S; sunny frontage; clove to school,
churches and local train; Poplar St.; cen-
tral; very desirable neighborhood; cost
present owner over $4100. ,y
$3000 — Nearly new modern colonial cottage of
6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing; all in
tine condition; lot 50x140 (note the size);
street work all done; stone sidewalks laid;
open lawn; choice residence location, near
Grove *t. ; fine barn, gravel driveway,
garden and a few fruit trees: must be
sold: owner away; cannot be duplicated at
the price; must be seen to be appreciated;
terms of payment if desired.
$100 down, balance like rent; new colonial
house of 6 rooms and bath; Just com-
pleted; open lawn in front: 3 feet, above
etreet grade; Mcrrimac or 28th St., near
Grove.
Send for new printed 8- page catalogue.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg. San Fran-
clsco for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAM) FL'RKITUIIE FOR* SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture, H. Schellhaae, 11th st. cor. store.Oaklnd
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESfATP.
LOTS 50x125 at the station on graded streets;
beautiful trees; charming views; prices very
low; only $8 to $12 a front foot: -terms, 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly: will
double in 'value; don't fail to see them; over
t-0 lots sold recently: money advanced for
building purposes; send for Illustrated book-
let; agent on the ground Sundays.
LYON & HOAG, 118 Montgomery et.
J. B. Metzler'« ; undertaking-., JU6
Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. k ; , s, ,-"=, •> . •¦ ¦ .
NICHELMANN— In -this city. - July 25." 1903,
infant daughter of George and Mary Nichel-
mann.
PERRY— In this city, July 26. 1903, "Nellie,
beloved wife of Oliver H.. Perry, and sister
• of James -I. Mackln. a native of Ban" Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years and 11 days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited ; to : attend the funeral : to-day
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
- street. • Interment Laurel . Hill Cemetery. ' >
RILEY— In this city, July 27, 1903. George
Rlley,- a native of Ireland, aged 54 years. A
member of Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's
Union. .
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Theodor Dlerks, 057 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery;
RUFFIN— In this city, July 26. 1903, Bruno
Rufnn. a native of France. .
. (13** Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. July 20. 1903. at 1 o'clock, from ths
undertaking, parlors of Iaccheri, Duclos A
Co., 629 Broadway, thence to Union-square
Hall, . 421 Post street, where services will be
held under the auspices of S. F. de 8. M. La
Gaulotse. j Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SHAW— In Oakland. July 27. 1903. at, 573
Thirty-eighth street,'. Thomas Henry, be-
loved husband of Elizabeth Shaw, and father
of Jassie - Mabel, Albert, - Hugh. I Lawrence,
Kthet, Gladys and the late Alice Shaw, a
native of Canada, aged 51 years 8 months
and' 11 days. »
SMITH— In Guerntfville, Cal., July 27. 1903.
Har.'an P., beloved husband of Mary C.
Smith, and father of Frank II. Smith. Mrs.
Georgn W. Rice and Mrs. Otto F. 'Schiller,
a native of Maine, aged 66 years 8 months
and 10 days. (Maine papers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
, * fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, July 30. 1903, at 1 o'clock, at'the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking ComDany, 2475 MUslon street, near
Twenty-first, under the auspices of Damon
lx>dge No. 2, K. of P. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. .. - . . .r '. .
SMITH— In this city, July 14, 1903, John
Charles, beloved son of the -late Owen and
' Bridget Smith, and '.brother of Mary 'A. and
James J. Smith, a native of California, aged
41 year* 3 months and 20 days. -• ••
C7Th<» Interment- will take place to-day
OVedneeday),' at 8 o'clock,'* in Holy Cross
Cemetery. , - • .'
SPENCER— In this city, July 27. 1903, Cordelia
Frances, beloved wife of J. E. Spencer, and
mother of Ida Le« Spencer, a native of Mis-
souri, aged. 69 years 3 months and 13 days.
tETyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. rutend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. • '
STARK— In this, city. July 26. 1903. David
Wagner, dearly beloved Bon of David and
Ur. Berlha Wagner Stark, and loving brother
of Cath*rin Stark, a native of San Francisco,
»ged (3 years 8 months and 17 days. (Toronto,
Canada, . and Carson, Nev., papers please
copy.)
ICT" Interment took place Monday, July 27,
1903. at 2 o'clock, from, the home of the
parents, 239S Unlcn street.
STEVENS— In East Oakland, July 26. 1903.
Lucy M., beloved wife of the late George
Stevens, and devoted mother of Frank and
Gertrude Stevens and Mrs.-F. Schmidt, a na-
tive of Boston. (Boston papers please copy.)
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
-fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. F. Schmidt, 1453 Oak
street, between Lyon street and Central ave-
nue Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, July 27, 1003, Annie Thompson, a na-
tive of New Ycrk. aged 68 years.
TREFETHEN— In Oakland. July 28, 1903, Ina
G., beloved wife of Eugene E. Trefethen,
and daughter of Atfonzo and Emma Ha&kins,
a native of California, aged 21 years 7
months and 13 days. .
WALSH— In the City and County Hospital,
. July 28, 1903, Frank Walsh, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 38 years.
. ' CARD OF THANKS.
We sincerely thank our many friends and
arquatntances for their kindness and ex-
tended sympathy to us during our recent be-
reavement. MR. and MRS. B. J. HORN,
LOUIS P. PRINCE. FRED M. PRINCE.WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS MAN
WHO KILLED HIMSELF
WHILE DERANGED.
"While a flirt runs : after a man the de
mure maid wins in a walk;
Red Eyes and Eyelids. Granulated Eye
lids and other Eye. troubles cured'by Mu
rlne Eye Remedy.^ tiiSStatEBM *
Fin« for oen or pencil— Bank Stock paper.
Sold by *ood .Uttonem. My«ell-Kolllns,22 CUy<
The Peruvian residents of this city will,
under the auspices of the Peruvian Be
nevolent Society, celebrate the eighty-sec
ond anniversary of the independence of
Peru on Saturday next by a musical and'
literary festival In Saratoga Hall. Af
ter the exercises there will be a pro
gramme of dances.
Peruvian Celebration.
Lawrence McDonald, employed at Lln
<!euer's stable, S03 Howard street, fell
yesterday from the hayloft, a distance of
fourteen feet. He was removed to the
Central Emergency Hospital and was at
tended by Wr. W. P. Harvey. The inju-
Ti~s were so severe that McDpnald died
whil» on the operating table. Deceased
was unmarried and H\*ed at 356Natoma
etreet.
Fatal Fall From Loft.
The Merced-Santa Fe Route passes
Bowers Cave. New Inspiration and Oh
My Points and through the Merced and
Tuolumr.e Big Tree Groves. The stage
passes through a tunnel cut in the
"Dead Giant" of the Tuolumne Grove.
It's the scenic way. Special low rate
ticket*. Including all expenses for a
five, seven or ten days' trip. All about
it at the Santa Fe. 641 Market st. •
In One Way and Out Another Over
the Double L.oop of the
Merced-Santa Fe.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Bars Candidates for. Delegates.
The Election Commission yesterday
adopted a resolution declaring its opinion
that no candidate for delegate of any
convention should serve as an election of
ficer.
The commission extended the time until
Aupust 4 at midnight for the receiving
of names of candidates for delegates to
the various conventions to be placed on
the semi-official returns and tally sheets.
Arrested on* Serious Charge.
United States Marshal John Shine ar
rived from Lake County last evening,
having in custody Edgar Burke, a 16-year
old lad who is accused of havine at
tempted to "burglarize" the postofflce at
Lakeport. The youth was locked up at
the City Prison and will be taken before
Commissioner Heacock to-day. It Is al
leged that Burke attempted to enter the
Government building by boring holes
through the floor and was discovered at
work under the structure by the Sheriff.
It is understood that owing to his youth
he will be committed to some reform
school. The United States officer while
In Lakepovt also arrested Dr. H. O. Brent,
accused of sending obscene matter
through the mails. The medico was re
leased, however, upon $2000 bonds.
Sustains Fractured Skull.
Charles Kostering. an employe of Dyer
Bros? at 360 Second street, met with inju
ries last night which may result in his
death. The Injured man was engaged In
punching holes In a large iron girder,
when In some manner the lever which he
was operating slipped and struck him on
the head. He was rendered unconscious
by the blow and removed to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital In the ambulance.
An examination by the physicians In
charge developed the fact that he had
sustained a fracture of the skull. He was
subsequently taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where an operation was
performed. Kostering Is a married man
and resides at 900 Michigan avenue.
Arrested in Oregon.
Acting Chief of Police Martin has re
ceived a dispatch from Sheriff Fred Fisk
of Lane County, Oregon, to the effect
that E. B. Hunsaker, wanted In this city
on a charge of felony embezzlement, had
been arrested in Eugene. The complaint
upon which the warrant was issued was
sworn to before Police Judge Conlan on
July 17. The telegram conveys the Infor
mation that Hunsaker will waive requisi
tion and a detective from this city will
be sent to the northern city to bring him
back. .
City of , Para Arrives.
The steamer City of Para, fr*m Panama
and way ports, passed rn shortly after
midnight this morning. She is twenty
seven days and seven hours from Panama.
Dr. Jordan declined to submit to an in
terview last night anent Mrs. Jane Stan
ford's recent statement regarding the
Ross controversy: He ' expects to go to
Palo Alto to-day.
Professor Jordan left his party at Sltka,
where they will continue the work until
the fall. Observations will be made by
men who have been stationed along the
coast and through this method it is ex
pected that some valuable data will be
obtained and will b© incorporated In the
report which he - will make to the Gov
ernment.
In our dredging many beautiful marine speci
mens were brought to light and twenty new
species of fish were discovered. The worst
thing that ever happened to the salmon Indus
try In Alaska was the early barricades placed
In the • streams. They were . removed by the
Treasury Department six or seven years ago.
We discovered many interesting facts along
this line. We found that the sockeye salmon
go farthest out to sea, while the silver salmon
go the least, although' no salmon go very far
from shore. Up the Yukon River the sockeyes
go as far as Caribou Creek, 2250 miles from the
ocean. ¦
• Besides the purely commercial object of
perpetuating the salmon the party had
another, -that of studying the life and
history of the salmon, of which the pro
fessor says little is known, and he added:
IJJE OF SOCKEYE SALMON.
GOVERNMENT AID NEEDED.
I was sent out 'to report on the steps that
must be taken. I have established these two
facts, and after a thorough Investigation of
every available place for a • hatchery I shall
report three places where they should be es
tablished In Alaska. . ¦
In support of his contentions for Gov
ernment hatcheries Professor Jordan cited
the fact that the packers' association
has maintained two hatcheries 'in Alaska
for several years, one at Karluk and tha
other at Loring, both of which have done
much good, for the industry in the north.
What Is most needed is encouragement
of the 'propagation of the sockeye sal
mon. - i'^i',1
Professor David Starr Jordan cf Stan
ford University, who for the last two
months has been studying the fishery
conditions in the north, returned last
evening and is registered at the Occi
dental Hotel. As a representative of the
United States Fish Commission he was
sent north with a party of experts in
the revenue cutter Albatross, mainly for
the purpose of "Investigating the salmon
hatcheries in the Alaskan waters, and
will make a report upon the results of
his observations to the Federal author
ities. Although he Is not prepared to
state Just what his report -v!ll contain
Dr. Jordan's remarks indicate that it will
include a strong suggestion of the neces
sity for the immediate establishment of
hatcheries. Upon this subject he said:
The key to the whole situation Is hatcheries.
Thus far the nockeye salmon Industry has not
been badly overdone and can be perpetuated by
hatcheries. Another fact our efforts established
if that the work must be done. by the United
States Government. There are . few places In
all Alaska -where hatcheries can be placed and
we cannot ask canneries to maintain them,
therefore the Government must do it. .
Capital paid in coin. $43,728,861 13: re«rve
fund, profit and loss, and contingent _fund,
$35.678;47O 05; due deP 081 '?™^^ 2 , 5 , 5 - 3 !?, 4 f 8:
due banks and bankers. $12,067,962 77: _State.
county or city money. $546,658 .9; dividends
unpaid, other liabilities. $3,878,294 44; total
liabilities. $434,155,676 66. .
Gain In assets since December 31. 1002,
'bain In deposits since Decembtr 31. 1902,
$2,839,607 18. ¦
LIABILITIES
Bank premises. $8,248.025 71; real estate
taken for debt. $12,366,567 52: United States
bonds, miscellaneous bonds and stocks county
warrants, $104,010,029 44; loans on real estate.
$132,603,992 74- loans on stocks, bonds and war
rants. $38,027,813 97; loans on other securi
ties (grain, etc.). $7,427,282 69; Joans on per
sonal security and overdrafts $62,750,996 62;
money on hand, checks and other cosh items,
$23 M2.178 KS- due from banks and bankers,
$41,335,613 30; furniture and fixtures, expenses,
taxes, other assets. $3,272,276 08; total re
sources. $434,155,676 66.
Capital paid In coin. $19,446,838 61; reserve
fund, profit and loss, and contingent fund,
$7.8S3,23S 53: due depositors. $59,746,481 »7;
due banks and bankers. $2,284,448 33; State,
county or city money. $546,375 K>: dividends
unpaid, other liabilities. $1,124,39148; total
liabilities. $01,031,774 91. ft
Loss In assets since December 31, 1002..
$8,458,076 77. : . „, , nnn
Loss In deposits since December 31, 1002,
$7,596,752 23. \ •
For the 255 savings, commercial and pri
vate banks:
.¦¦.-¦¦ RESOURCES.
' Bank premises. .J2.5SS.287 OS: real estate
taken for debt.. $4,208,030 09; United States
bonds miscellaneous bonds and stocks, county
warrants $8,672.180 23; loans on real estate.
$17,039,741 20: loans on stocks, bonds and
•warrants $5,030,842 17; loans on other securi
ties (grain, etc.). $2,300,043 02; loans on per
sonal security and overdrafts. JB0.2O4.549 92;
money en hand checks and other cash Items,
$5,508,006 On; due from banks and bankers.
114.142.853 89; furniture and fixtures, expenses,
taxes, other assets. $1,155,410 !J7; total re
bources. $91,031,774 01.
-"•*.'> LIABILITIES.
RESOURCES.
The regular report of the Bank Com
missioners, showing the financial condi
tion of the ITS Interior commercial banks,
and the 255 savings, commercial and pri
vate banks, and of the business done
from December 31, 1902, until June 30.
1903, shows the following results.
¦ For the ITS Interior banks: '
Present Condition of the Money Re
sources of the State .
BANE COMMISSIONERS *
l€ ¦?'¦ SUBMIT REGULAR REPORT
Dr. Jordan Says Salmon
Industry Demands
Them.
William Blair, a laborer engaged in the
reconstruction of the new Tivoli Opera
house, had the thumb of his left hand
badly smashed yesterday through an iron
beam falling on his hand. He was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. Millar found it necessary to ampu
tate the thumb at the second joint. Af
ter the operation Blair was taken to his
home, $SZV 2 Mission street.
Laborer's Thumb Badly Crushed.
EXPLAINS NEED
OF HATCHERIES
Franklin K. Lane was indorsed for
Mayor, and the club adjourned after
speeches from Barclay Henley, Emll Pohli
and C. T. Hughes.*
Democratic league club meetings will
be held to-night as follows:
Thirty-eighth District. Powers Hall: Forty
first District. Union Hall. 3116 Fillmore street:
Forty-fourth District. California Hotel; Forty
fifth District, Washington-square Hall, Union
and Stockton streets.
The club unanimously passed a resolu
tion calling upon the convention to pledge
Its candidates to submit to the electors a
proposition to acquire a municipal water
plant.
James C. McKlnstry. Krank J. Murphy, Jo
seph Greenberjr. Stephen Potter. James F. Mc-
Greevy. Kmil Pohll. Henry K. Monroe, Charles
W. Poi>e. Samuel M. Samter. Loul.i II. Mooser,
XV. W. Sanderson. J. L. Romer, R. H. Rountree.
O'Nell secretary and Joseph Greenberg
treasurer. An executive committee was
appointed as follows:
J. F. Sulllvmn. Charles M. rv>?srave. J. B.
Acton, C. J. Durbrow, James McGreevy, L. H.
Mooser and Frank Murphy.
The following were nominated delegates
to the municipal convention:
Reduced rates on household poods to & from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery «t.»
wood, but their efforts were futile. The
Coroner was notified and the deputies
went to the house and upon learning the
cause of death allowed the body to re
main. In the afternoon the Coroner's jury
visited the house and took a view of the
remains and examined the room where
the deceased had taken his life.
Mr. Hey wood was 66 years of age. He
was in the habit of rising: early each
morning and taking a bicycle ride
through the park. He failed to put in
an appearance yesterday morning and
Mrs. Woodward went to his room looking
for him and noticed the odor of escaping
gas. She opened the bathroom door and
found him sitting in a chair with the
tube In his mouth. Although greatly
frightened she Instantly gave the alarm.
Deceased was apparently in the best
bodily health up to the time of his death.
The only reason that can be ascribed for
his act is that he was suffering from aber
ration of mind. It is said he had lately
suffered lapses of memory and he feared
his reason was leaving him. On one occa
sion, it is said. Mr. Hey wood could not
remember his place of business and was
found wandering aimlessly on the water
front. On another occasion he was un
able to tell where he had been during the
day. Mr. Heywood recovered from these
attacks and attended to his business.
I^ast Sunday he visited his wife and
adopted daughter, who are in Santa Cruz,
and on his return expressed himself as
being in splendid health.
Mr. Heywood was president of the
Gualala Mill Company and had large lum
ber interests In Mendocino County. Hi3
fortune is estimated at J200.000. He came
to this city in 1S50 and was identified with
big business enterprises. He was also
well known in commercial circles and the
news of his tragic death has caused a
sensation.
his bathroom with one end of a
rubber tube in his mouth and the other
end attached to an open gas jet. Life
seemed already extinct when he was dis
covered by Mrs. Woodward, the house
keeper. C. M. Hunt, a brother-in-law of
the deceased, was called and he telephoned
for Drs. Brune and Carpenter. The physi
cians labored a long time over Mr. Hey-
FRANKLIN* HEYWOOD. an aged
capitalist who lives at 1430 Hayes
street, ended his life yesterday by
inhaling gas. He was found in
A motion to the effect that the Board of
Police Commissioners should hereafter
reject all applications to open new sa
loons was put and seconded. A vote was
taken. Howell and nutton stood to
gether, but Drinkhouse refused to vote
aye, yet, without hi.v sanction, the major
ity prevailed and the edict went forth.
Finally an application came in to open
a. new saloon. Immediately Commissioner
Hutton objected. When asked his reason
h«* stated that there were a sufficient
number of retail liquor houses in San
Francisco and that he proposed to tol
rraie no more. He said that established
houses should be given an opportunity to
earn interest from their investments and
that the overcrowding of the city with
f^aloons could result in good to no one.
The liquor traffic, he said, had already
exceeded its bounds and that it was the
duty of himself and associates in the
commission to adopt a positive rule by
which it could be regulated.
Hutton said that there were 3102 saloons
in the city. An Increase over this num
ber would certainly mean disaster to
all concerned and he called upon Howell
and Drinkhous* 1 to support a motion that
in future the board should refuse to
grant licenses to new applicants.
There was some discussion over the
matter. Commissioner Drinkhouse was
not in favor of the measure and so ex
pressed himself. Hutton Insisted and
Howell stood by him. Secretary Cadwal
acier was called upon for a report on the
number of saloons and it was found that
In one block on Pacific street there were
but two places of business that did not
pell liquor. In the Mission district some
blocks have as many as twelve or four
teen saloons and the same is the case in
the section north of Market street.
The ill effects of the grocery and bar
trade was emphasized. The hundreds of
dollars expended by workingmen for beer
and whisky that should be contributed to
wives and children was one of the strong
est arguments Commissioner Hutton
made.
Oily three Commissioners were present
when the board convened at the Hall of
Justice. Drinkhouse presided and Hutton
and Howell occupied their regular seats.
Little business was transacted an,d the
¦usual crowd of saloon men and attorneys
¦were absent. The long rows of benches
in the rear of the room, usually crowded
with anxious applicants, were vacant.
Xc one lingered in the corridors and po
licemen who had been detailed in charge
of the expected crowd were recalled and
bjsi Igned ¦ to regular duty.
For the -first time in years the custom
ary throng of liquor men who desired
either to renew their licenses or to ex
plt:n away their faults had no occasion
to eppear. But a single man asked for a
transfer from one place of business to
another.
An edict went forth from the Police
Commissioners last night that no new
BaJ or.s shall oj>en in the city of San
Franci6co. It was the result of Commis
sioner Huttons suggestion. He called the
attention of the board to the 1 fact that at
the present time there are 3102 retail liquor
houses within the precincts of the muni
< ipallty and that their supply was suffl
rlent to quench the thirst of the most
thirsty traveler and keep the inhabitants
in cood cheer.
Commissioners Hutton and Howell
Stand Against Drinkhouse in
Effort to B«£ulate Sale
of Intoxicants.
Motion Passed That Future
Applications Shall Be
Rejected.
The story of Captain Howard's persist
ent efforts to enlist the capital of San
Francisco parties has already been traced.
But there is a pitiful shadow behind the
story In the shape of letters from the
wife and daughter whom Captain Howard
had left behind him In Victoria. Their
letters tell of bills piling up which could
not be met, of absolute necessities of life
denied them and of the mortifications
born of penury.
Among the- dead man's papers arc a
paid-up policy of the Phoenix Insurance
Company for $1000 and a bankbook show
ing a deposit of $170 In the Victoria branch
of the Bank of Montreal. These are all
the evidences shown" that the man who
met his end in West Berkeley left his
family the means wherewith to buy
bread.
By the papers of the dead man it is
shown that on Ma.rch 22, 1901, George S.
Clay, the New York attorney who watch
ed the interests of Captain Howard, sub
mitted the purchase of a half interest in
the concession to Frank Gould, the capi
talist. This first venture was set to the
price of $50,000. It failed. Next followed
the disastrous dealings with the corpora
tion headed by Daniel Cohalan of New
York, in which the mining expert, George
T. Taylor, acted as the agent by whom
Captain Howard believed he was defraud
ed. After this Captain Howard tried
to enlist the interests of William
Wainwrlght, general assistant and
comptroller of the Grand Trunk
Rrailway, but again failure greeted
him. H. H. Grotschle, a mining
expert of Alaska, showed a fleeting in
terest, as attested by several letters. He
said the concession was rich, but he went
no further. '
If ever the last mysterious chapter in
the history of Captain Thomas Howard
of Victoria can be added to the tale of
the life which came to Its terrible end be
hind Brennan's barn in West Berkeley on
the night of July 17, there will be com
pleted a story as tragic as a Hugo classic.
At present the sinister climax which re
mains veiled in mystery darkens all the
previous events in the sad life history of
the gallant old soldier and gentleman.
From the tell-tale papers left behind,
there can be gathered the pitiful recital
of Captain Howard's determined pursuit
of a glittering fortune, which, like the
will-o'-the-wisp, led him on and on over
hidden pitfalls until at last he was en
gulfed in the dark tragedy which occur
red in the lonely Berkeley surburb. Yet
by the letters of those who should know.
Captain Howard was hibued with the be
lief that his 1600 acres of mineral land on
Indian River in Alaska was all that his
fondest hopes imagined and he never gave
up hope.
It was from the land office of the Canad
ian Government that Captain Howard
gained the concession on the Indian River
in 1901. Before that time he had lived for
several years in retirement after an act
ive life as a soldier and politician. With
the advent of this golden dream the
clouds began to darken until they have
at last engulfed their victim in a mist
of mystery.
The Democratic County Committee or
ganized a club last night In the Forty
flrst District. The meeting took place at
Steimke Hall and was attended by a large
and representative gathering of Demo
crats. J. I* Romer was elected president.
Barclay Henley -vice president, D. J.
Frank MeKusker, Charles A. Bantel. Herbert
Choynskl. John J. Gleason, David C. Bole, Jo
seph I*. Flaherty, John H. Hurray, Harry
Leary, James Smlthson. Georgre Goncalves, Ed
ward J. Scully. William S. Crandall. W. W.
Richards, P. F. McCarthy, L. J. Scooffy, John
F. Cunningham.
Last night a Democratic League Club
meeting of the Forty-third Assembly Dis
trict was held at Golden Gate Hall. 625
Sutter street. The following Democratic
delegates were selected:
Tickets containing,, the names of dele
gates to be voted for at the primary elec
tion August 11 must be filed at the Regis
trar's office before midnight Tuesday, Au
gust 4. The .United Republican League
tickets in a majority of the districts will
be completed at meetings to be held next
Monday evening. In the Republican camp
there are stens of active contest in sev
eral districts. In the Fortieth Jesse Marks'
followers and in the Forty-first Henry. C.
Dibble's forces will put forward strong
tickets in opposition to the United Repub
lican League.
A meeting of the United Republican
League of the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District was held last night in the hall
of the club at 2649 Market street. D. W.
Burchard delivered the chief address of
the evening, dwelling on the necessity of
sending an unpledged delegation to the
county convention. The other speakers
were: George Merrllly, J. Mahoney, Wil
liam Guilfoyle, J. J. Woodhouse and M.
Gray. The delegates to the convention
will be chosen at the meeting of the club
to be held on Friday night.
The Home Rule Republican Club of the
Forty-fourth '.' District, H. V. Morehouse
president, and William Schumann secre
tary, will meet this evening at Apollo
Hall, 810 Pacific street. . . .,
The County Committee Democratic Club
of the Thirty-seventh Assembly District
has nominated the following delegates to
be voted for at the primary election Au
gust 11:
Charles A. Sweijcert. Frank H. Gould, Wil
liam M. Maeuire, Stanley Fay, John T. Cos-
Krove. H. E. T. Williams, J. A. Cussen. E. P.
Walsh. J. K. Brannan. William H. Mead, E.
T. Mlnehan, Charles McAullffe. William A.
Breen, J. P. Connor, J. J. Looney. S. Emanuel,
P. J. Qulnn. W. P. McLaughlin, B. P. Wilbur.
The following resolution introduced by
Judge Lemon was adopted:
Resolved, That the Thirty-seventh District
Democratic Club hereby pledges Us delegates
to the next Democratic convention to vote only
for candidates for Mayor and Supervisors who
will pledge themselves to the public ownership
of water. works, and that they will submit the
proposition for such ownership to a vote of the
people at the earliest opportunity.
The Democratic League i Club of the
Thirty-second District held a meeting in
Maennerbund Hall, Twenty-fourth and
Potrero avenue, last night, for the purpose
of electing Its delegates. The Democrats
of this district turned out in large num
bers at the meeting. The following were
nominated for delegates to the conven
tion:
Thomas B. Slevin, Georee J. Cleary, James
J. Cronin. John J. Sheerin, John F. English,
Thomas Fltzpatrick. John V. Sullivan, Jere
miah J. Noonan. James W. Kelly, John Collins.
John Ixjughran, William' O'Connor, Thomas
Godsll. John M. Hlckey, Thomas J. Doyle, J. J.
Hurley. William Fitzgerald, Val. King. Na
thaniel P. Halllnan, Dr. David B. Todd, George
J. Coyle, II. M. C. Manjcel».
Edict Goes Forth That
Liquor Trade Must
Be Restricted. .
Gallant Old Soldier Leaves
His Family in Victoria
Penniless.
Time Is Extended for Filing
Tickets in Office of
Registrar.
Captain Howard's Hope
less Chase of Will-o'
the-Wisp.
District Clubs Nominate
Delegates to the
Convention.
COMMISSION
PUTS BAN ON
NEW SALOONS
PAPERS REVEAL
PITIFOL STORY
LANE INDORSED
BY DEMOCRATS
CAPITALIST ENDS HIS LIFE
BY INHALING FUMES OF GAS
Franklin Heywood, Well Known- in Commercial
Circles, Places Tube in His Mouth and Turns
On Deadly Carbon Monoxide in Bathroom
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAM* WEDNESDAY, JULY 29. 1903.
16
FRAMING BBYSON PICTTTBES
THE "LADY: IN GREENE
Next Sunday's Call.
Bry son studies may be framed
with narrow frame, burnish gold
edging and raw silk mats-
colors selected to ; suit tones and
pictures. These, studies admit of
a variety of styles and also make
strikingly effective posters. The
"Lady in Green" and companion
pieces to follow are undoubtedly
the swellest, art pictures ever.
, issued ; % by" [ ' any ': newspaper in"
America. , ?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MOTHERS, ATTENTION!
Young Men's Suits
From 14 to 19 Years,
i9pvi Hf Children's A Knee Pants Suits
!J£5 ' V rt Erff From 3 t0 14 Years > With Extra
During the past few days the entire stock of Oregon City Woolen Mills
I and Brown Bros, make of clothinjj fpr Men, Boys and Children has been
moved from Sansome street to our store, 440 Bush street, and will be sold at
prices less than cost of manufacture. Thus you are offered a genuine money-
sax-ing opportunity.
Because our store is slightly out of the way, and because we know we
must offer you good inducements to get you to come to our location, and be-
cause; we want to get your permanent custom, we offer the suits mentioned
above at prices quoted. We know if you buy here once, you'll come back
again to buy.
Our expenses are light, our store is modestly and inexpensively fitted up,
and we personally attend to the wants of our patrons. These arc reasons why
we can and do sell at such low prices. We know you cannot duplicate these
values elsewhere at these prices. jgBB
We will cheerfully give money back if you are not satisfied with the pur-
chase. We'll gladly prove our claims if you'll call.
MISFIT CLOTHING PARLORS
440 BUSH STREET
Comer Bash 6t. and Grant Ave. B. HBSKINS, Manager.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS^^
Hi n»ii
Furnishing
Goods
Extra Values This Week
Commencing -MonflaD,.JulB 27th, we
will place on sale a large shipment
of NEW LACE CURTAINS In Irish
Point, Arabian, Battenherg, Madras,
Bonne Femme, Colonial Net and Not-
tingham, Our stock of ahove goods
is . most complete, and our customers
can rein on getting the newest and
hest qualities at the lowest prices.
EXTRA EXTRA
200 dozen double 125 bleached satin
damask bleached din- damask Table Clotns,
rier Nankins, 23 inches beautiful designs, size
sauare,veru handsome 3 uards long and 2
designs. uards wide.
Price $2,50 doz. Price $3.00 eacn
Regular value $3.00. Regular value $4-00.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V'^lKy Simple ]
£/ gance I
[i The netr Sttlgns ta "T and B"* i|
;¦ construction for the present i«uon *
S *re peculiarly attractive. Flat-top j
I desk No. lCCS. her* shown, is a I
i uplendid »iample or solid and b«aa. i
'} tlful cabinet work. Its prtc* Is •.
\ $33.00 ;
I Pl«ase remember that w* t«.T* •
u upon our salts floors 75 different ,
I styles of desks, ranging: all th» way \S
V from $15 to $200, including roll- "
I) tops, flat-tops, typewriter desks, >!
i cashiers' and bookkeepers' daska, J
~ Surely you can find something her* ,'
£ exactly suited to your needs. 5
j; Tawmu ft Erne- Mf y. Co. 5
%; 635-639 Mission St. T
Phone Main 179a ' ' '-.
SowMAin
Pare, Pale and Sparkling. Bottled I
Only at the Brewery in SU Louis. I
sold everywhere; J
/S\ n B Bin Beds. Caalra. Stovea. etc
KB N H H I 1 Tents for rent and for sal*.
I II Bill &J Guns. mats. Fishing Taclcli
0 iM He! IB * nd Sportlnc Ooods. Sand
¦ B fj 1H|I tor Catalceue. Sorer* «
W ¦ n ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ j^ber Co.. 739 Market it.
and 51*1 Kearny «L
uifi." German Eye Water, a harmless
r«tnedy. COci by mall, BCc. CAU-
y *3ro5~» TION — The genuine bears sign*-
ture of Oeo. llayerle. al3O trart*-
mark — eye with a crown. GEO.
MAYFRL.E German Expert Optician. 1071
Market, sin Francisco. Cal. Phone South 572.
\A/. X. HESS,
KOTART PUBLIO A5D ATTOHHSY-AT-LAW.
TVnth Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence S21 "California at., below PowelL
Residence Telephone James 1501.
Specialties
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S. F.
F..J.EHSM&CO.I MOBPHIHE
(Formerly of firm of O Liquor H»Mti PmW
Knsign ft McGufflck.) P tirelj tad Qalekly
Lubricating QJLS soabraait"
Paints. Varnishes. Etc. K/l I&S WillQI Bill Ci
32 Sacramento St. "• „_,._. _ _
Telephone Bush 830. I 1838 Pol* 81, 8. T.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
U IbI §M fflH Ska Mf9 f*3 lmm B 4 mT m
B| nk Df H H sBffk Mil MJMM RjM H m M B
The Sanative, Antiseptic
Cleansing, Purifying
Properties of
Assisted by Cutlcura Ointment, are of
priceless value to women for . preserv-
ing, purifying and beautifying the skin,
for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales
and dandru ff, and the stopping of fall-
ing hair, for softening, whitening and
soothing red, rough and sore hands, for
baby rashes, itchings and % irritations,
for annoying inflammations, chaflngs,
and excoriations, or too free or offen-
sive perspiration, for ulcerative weak-
nesses ' and many sanative, . antiseptic
purposes '.which readily suggest them-
selves as .well as ;• for .all the pur-
poses - of the ' toilet, bath and nursery.
Sold throughout the world. CoUenn Btmp, *Sc, Olal-
ment, Me.. SwoItcbI, Me. (ta form at Chocolate Coated
Pill*. We. per tUI of 60). , Dtpou i London, V Charter'
hooM Bq-i Ptrii.aRuedeUPabn Boston, 1*7 Colon-
n* Are. - Fotttr Drue * Chem. Corp.. Bolt Prop*.
. ftT-Sfnd for " All About toe Skin, 8c»lj> and Hiir."