ODE TO THE
SUMMER GIRL
Ah, dearest one and fairest one
Whose beauty sways us all,
No lovlier thing beneath the sun
Holds any heart in thrall.
From dainty head to slender foot,
Along thy lissome length,
As flower that springs from gracious root,
JLo ! purity and strength.
Out-doors or in, the motive thou
Of summer's joy and sport.
Out-doors or in, before thee bow
U/ye vassals of thy court.
OK! radiant vision ojf deligHt,
Once more thy flag unfurl*
EartH hath no rarer, sweeter sigHt,
Than just— tHe Summer Girl.
Copyright by A. Prescott, 1903.
Sunday Call Literary Section"Can't. Mas;, an* I'm proud ye can't.
I reckon It's selfishness in me. an' It
fHE hot, spiritless
night was lighted
by a copper moon
whose rays were
filled, with uncan
ny flgurts of mias
ma arising: over
the -swamp that
stretched away southward from a cabin
on a knoll, from the muffled distance
came the sound of the pile drivers sink
ing timber on top of timber Into the
marshy soil of the swamp. It was the'
night shift at work; the construction of
the railroad was being pushed as rapidly
as the situation would allow and men
there were yielding up their lives every
day to the insinuating rrasp of malaria.
On the steps of the cabin sat a young
woman, fating- with hollow eyes toward
the moon, while from beyond In the deep
er darkness of the cabin's interior came
sonorous sounds from the nostrils of a
man in drunken sle»p.
At last the young: woman arose and
walked across the yard to the dense
shadow of a palm, and she limped with
pain. At the roots of the palm she sat
down and rested her chin In her small
hands. The sound of a llrht footstep
reached her ear a moment later, but she
did not raise her head until her name
was calUd, dose to her ear.
"Gus," she murmured. "I've been hopln'
ye'd come, though I don't reckon It's
haxu.y right to do IL But how csr
body help It, Gus, when he does the
he does?"
UNDER THE
COPPERMOON
came to him. '
There was a moment of fasclnatloft.
And. as the block started on it3 return,
its swift and powerful descent. Gua pur
posely tripped himself and pitched for
ward between the grooves directly in the
path of the block. But at the same In
stant there was a sudden movement on
the part of Jim. His lank body shot for
ward, with outstretched arms and hands
catchlnr against the breast of Gus and
shoving him far back from the path of tn«
descending: block.
There was a muffled thud when the
follow block struck and the trunk of
Jim's body was a mass of crushed flesh
and bone. Gu's regained his feet and
sprang forward in time to catch Jim's
drooping head in his hands.
"Gus. ye're all right." murmured taa>
lips of the dying man. "Te're flttln* for
Mag. an' I ain't. Tell her 1 said for y*
to marry to-morrow. No use o* waitin'—
for— for I reckon- Mag's hungry now."
Jim's eyes glazed and his Jaws became
set. And Gus held his head in silence
whi!e the exowd gathered around.
But Jim had lain in his grave on the
hillside a full year before Gus delivered
his message to Mag. •
may not be rirht for me to be steppin'
in between a man an' his wife an' show
in* ye mv love the way I do. But ye
warn't mated right, Mag, an' Jim knows
it as well as you do. But. little 'un. what
I'm thinkln' about is, where's the help?"
"That's so. Gus. Where's the help?
I took Jim for better or for worse, an' if
It's worse, I reckon it ain't for me to
complain— that is. to anybody but you,
Gus."
*"l notice ye're ltmpin', Mag. More o'
Jim's meanness, I reckon?"
"Nothin" much. Gus. I— I—"
"I reckon ye'd as well tell it, Mag— to
me." ' '
"Yes, I know. But Jim didn't know
what he was doln* hardly— an'^the table
was rickety, anyhow."
"Jest about made ye run over the table,
I guess. But, Mag. I been wonderin'lf
ye had any r:...ons. I know Jim ain't
struck a lick since— I mean, In the last
two weeks."
"I know what ye mean. Gus. Ye mean
since ye give me the last money., An'—
an' I'm obliged to say it's so. I don't
know how, but somehow he found out I
had the money an' he wanted to borrow
it. an' I didn't see any way to refuse
him." .
"I reckon not. He always gets enough
to get drunk on. But what I want to
know is how long ye've been without any
thing to eat?"
Mag gazed for a moment toward the
copper moon in the heavens, and was
silent, the muscles of her gaunt face
twitching slightly at a suggestion of the
hunger she felt.
"Mag, I reckon ye'd jest as well tell
me."
"I know, Gus. I know— but— " Mag
dropped her face into the crook of her
arm and began to cry-
Gus sat on the ground a few feet away,
gazing upon the woman, with ' all the
love and yearning of his soul In his ey«s,
and allowed her to cry in silence. But
at last he spoke again.
"I know, it's, been long enough," ' h.e
said, fingering a gold piece he had
taken from, his. pocket. '
Mag. looked toward him. "Since yes
terday morning, Gus, an' I reckoned I'd
die this time.' An', though you'd hardly
like to hear it, I was kind o' hop^n' , I
¦would."
"Mag!" Gus was on his knees and
had seized the girl's hands. "I was
afraid it was comin' to this again, an*
I tried to get back sooner— an' I know
now I should have sent Tom Bolus in
my place."
"No, you shouldn't, Gus. What right
had ye to be sendin* any one in your
place to earn your money, Jest bo ye
could be here on my account. Some
times I 'most forget, Gus." Mas; nod
ded toward the house and slowly with
drew her hfuida from the man's grasp.
But Gus caught one of them again
and pressed its slender fingers down
upon a piece of money he had drawn
from his pocket.
"Mag." he said, "it don't look like
it would be wrong for me to take ye
in my arms an' kiss ye Jest once. But
then I reckon it would be, since ye're
Jim's by the law an 1 the gospel, sich
a* it was.". . .
• There was stlence for a few mo
ments a,fter this speech. Then Mag
reached out and laid her hand on
Gus's arm.
'.'When I'm dead, Gus," she 6aid,
"won't ye come an' kiss me,
body '3 loohin'? There'll be no Iii*m*
then." . ¦ . ¦-•':':•:¦;;
"Mag. Mag;!" Gust had seized her by
the shoulders) in a frenzied grasp.
"Don't ye talk about dyin", or I'll kiss
ye to death right here now in spite &
Jim an' the law and the gospel."
Mag drew quickly away from him. ;
and he. too. shrank back and arose.
Both realised how unsurmountable -was
the barrter between them. And Mag
retreated slowly toward the cabin. Just
as a man staggered to the doorway from
the dark Interior and called her name
gruffly.
The next day Gus exchanged places
wtth Tom Bolus. Tom had been set
ting poles for one of the pile drivers,
and Gus had been captain of the team
gangs hauling supplies from the coast.
Among the supplies of the commissary
was an abundance of red liquor, and it
was this which kept Jim from working,
as long as he could obtain a cent other
wise with which, to buy whisky. And Gus
was surprised, on entering • the commls
earv at noon, to see Jim in the act of
throwing . upon the counter the gold coin
which he had pressed into Mag's hand the
night before. '
Gus turned on his heel, and. taking up
his unopened dinner pail, carried it to
Jim's cabin and thrust it Inside the door
to Mag. Returning, Gus met Jim, and the
latter flourished a long, black bottle be
fore his face.
It was three days before Jim showed
himself about the works again. .Then he
came lounging about the machine where
Gus was working. There was a le«r In
Jim's eye which made ' Gus a little
nervous. He did not feel altogether in
nocent, and once or twice he felt like
telling Jim plainly that he loved his wife,
and that one or the other of them must
die. But as each thought of this kind
arose Gus inwardly cursed himself and
clinched his teeth' with determination.
But Jim remained, apparently only watch
ing the work of the pile driver, which
Gus was operating.
The afternoon was growing gray In the
swamp, and the time of the day shift
was drawing to a close. Still, Jim stood
on one side of the great pile driver and
Gus on the other. His thoughts took. a
new turn as the day's end drew nearer.
Mag was irrevocably tied to that clod of
earth Before hlmi and she could never be
near to him than now unless— Jim died.
Gus throttled the thought of possible
murder that, unbidden, seemed to arise
for a moment in" his heart. He glanced
quickly up at the rising follow block,
that great, square lump of steel weigh
ing two tons or more and a new thought
THE SUNDAY CALL.
m
"Good God:
"Her keel is of solid gold. You read the
story In the papt-r the other day staling
that the Virginia drew only fifteen feet of
water. Well, that was true. Gold Is
nearly twice as heavy as lead, a g>>k!cn
keel is only half the size of a leaden cue,
and Its resistance to the water is far loss.
Consequently a boat with such a keel U
much faster than one with the ordinary
lead keel. I hud to win this race, so i
sold all my property and turned it into
gold to make a ke.-l for the Virginia. Will
you Htay here and protect the wreck un
til we can get the wrecking apparatus?'
"I will, sir; I will."
Three hours later the work on the yacht
had proceeded far enough
to make certain the saf
ety of the gold, and Stan
hope set off to the home
of Miss Wentworth.
where he found her none
the worse for htr cold
bath.
"I asked my question at
the proper time. Virgin
ia." he said, "but the
blundering of that boat
robbed me of my answer.
Did the moment carry
you away?"
Shyly the girl looked up
at him. "No," she bald.
"The moment didn't, but
—I think you did "
Putting Miss Wentworth under car<* of
her friends. Stanhope hurried on board of
the United States gunboat which had
quickly d.FOfrsed the fleet and taken
charge of the wreck. "Optain Kdward,"
he exclaimed hoarsely, 'I am Mr .Stan
hope, owner of the Virginia. My entire
fortune is in that yacht. She
over six million dollars :n gold."
confusion of broken timbers and strug
gling men.
As the boat went down like a stone.
Stanhope clasped Virginia in his arms
and sprang overboard, and in a few mo
ments they were picked up without sen
sible injury to either.
HOW THE RACE WAS WON.
By Crittes&den Marriott.
f— V— —^3 — Sfriy- She lived there
with her aunt in a tiny two-room house
and sewed from morning until night,
sometimes far Into the night. Betty
didn't mind work; there was something
she did mind, though.
It never occurred to the Arcadians, for
their hearts are kind, that they made a
pincushion of Betty, and that the pins
they eternally stuck into her, really
meant for pleasantries, were, to a soft
eyed, tender, sensitive, brown little thing
IIk<" Betty; actual stabs.
Betty tried hard not to mind. On
her twenty-eighth birthnight the did a
courageous thing. At midnight she ttole
from the house to bury something very
precious to her. In the blackness about
her the wind shouted and jeertd, the ruin
dashed in her face. Half-laughing, IiafT
sobblng. she put the beautiful thing ueep
lp a heaped up mound of wet, dead
leaves, Groping, her hand touched some
thing that she knew to be a late white
rose, and with shaking fingers ehe laid it
on the funeral pile.
fide nee had had a depressing effect on
this side of the water, where the new de
fender, the Virginia, had done nothing to
show that she was greatly superior to the
Columbia.:
Stanhope had been readily admitted to
the Yacht Club, and his boct, constructed
by the famous old designer, had been ac
cepted as the defender of th* cup. Extra
ordinary pains had been taken to keep
her lines stcret. The shipyard where she
Was built had been guarded day and night
by armed men, and she had been
launched "in petticoats," which concealed
her hull.
With a boat that drew only fifteen feet
of water, which everybody had declared
would cansize in the first puff of wind.
Stanhope ; won the first two races in a
walk-over. - . ¦:
The result of the third face seemed so
absolutely certain that Stanhope invited
Miss Wentworth and h*r chaperon to be
on board durlngr it. It was not in ac
cordance with racing customs to have
any one besides the officers and crew
aboard at «uc;h a time, but the superior
ity of the Virginia was so evident that it
seemed Impossible' for harm to result. .
Ami none did result until after the race
was won. Ae the Virginia glided smooth
ly across the 'line, four miles ahead of
her outclassed rival. Stanhope turned to
Miss, Wentworth. "Are you carried away,
Virginia?" he asked. The girl turned to
him, joy in hie triumph flushing her face,
but before she could answer a cry .of
terror,, arose. The excursion fleet, wild
with excitement over, the unprecedented
triumph of the American, had broken
through Uhe guard lines. *he next in
stant came a grinding crash and the pad
dle wheel of a gigantic ferryboat went
tearing across the yacht, ripping her
utern'to pieces and pushing her beneath
the? water. " • . ',
The~ suddenness of the calamity added
to its awfulnejs. One moment the beauti
ful vessel with towering masts and bel
lying canvas was there, the next, only a
of the Erin.
The British
had gone fair
ly wild" over
her, and their
supreme con-
Two years passed away and the date of
i he great ln
ternat lonal
races was faat
a p p roaching.
Jlarve lous
tales had come
from ;¦¦ abroad
regarding the
p e rforrhancea
risk It, 1 can assure you of victory a* cer
tainly as any human event still in the fu
ture can be assured. But it will cost a
.great deal."
"Never mind the cost. I have the nerve,
I believe, and I have the mon«y— that ls.
I have anything within reason."
"Ah! But perhaps you'll think that this
isn't in reason. Will— and can— you riak
seven million dollars on the race with
the -certainty . of winning, unless some
thing altogether unforeseen should oc
cur?" \
"Seven millions! Good God! How can
you possibly spend seven millions?"
"I eald risk, not spend. And the risk
will be .very small. Nearly all of the
money will be restored safe and sound
less the cost of the yacht, crew and so
forth, say half a million. But the seven
millions I must 'have' in coin, or, better
still, In bars of solid gold. Will you risk
it?"
Drops of sweat stood, on Stanhope's
forehead, but he answered gamely:
"How toon do you want the money?" i
"Eight or nine mouths from now will
do." ;,
"Very well, you shall have it. Now ex
plain your plans to me." And under his
breath Stanhope murmured: "I wonder
whether this sort of thing is romantic
enough to suit her?" ¦
This remark was unwise, unless Miss
Wentworth wished to invite what fol
lowed. For no one had ever accused
Stanhope of being backward where wom
en were concerned. Besides, he was very
much In love with MIrs Wentworth. > So
he Instantly turned, bent over the. girl,
so that no one else might hear, and' whis
pered: "Will you love me If I carry It off,
Virginia?" Whereupon Miss Wentworth,
with a sudden heightening color, turned
quickly aside and made a remark to a
girl companion.
But the question, oWce asked, had to be
answered sooner or later. .. -
An hour later he was closeted with Nell
Burke, the famous yacht designer, but
when he had finally poured forth his am
bition the designer's face grew serious. He
drew a sheet of paper toward him and Be
gan to figure. At last he threw down the
pencil. "Stanhope," he said, "if you
mean exactly what you say, and if you
axe rich enough and have the nerve to
'• . a- ¦— -y_l^ T all began at the
f \i'ir£%*f&r*\i F America's cup race*
' r iVjuGi' 5 l^H^H in 1903 and ended two
.^¦^Ji e* h^^.p! years later In IMS.
$'& $ i£\\ ft To be cxact< '' be san
yJk^^^(WjK& al tnfl vcrv moment
V^^^^^l^S the winning boat.
L lUflsr" 11 "l«i iHnl swelling white from
deck to towering truck, swept across the'
line In a mist of flying spray and a thou
sand steam/ whistles burst into gigantic
applause, announcing to a waiting world
that the cup would stay on this side for
at least another year.
It was at this Instant that Miss Virginia
Wentworth. her teeth flashing, her eyes
glistening, her cheeks flaming, turned to
Frank Stanhope and cried with quick
emotion: "Isn't it glorious. Oh! 1 could
love a man who could carry off a prize
llk« that." ¦ • ,
iy_/--— - — i^ j HAT'S one time when
Shakespeare was In
•4jVlii?^>- error : he dldn "t know
*^*M Bl/^* what he was talklns
¦^vSiryB&TS^ T* 18 young man's
! »D J £^iS=ciC* t0De waJ thal °' one
Uw55 3^*"»wbsS resenting an affront.
His mother smiled understanding^.
"Was that when he said: 'What's in a
name?' " /
"Of course." with aggrieved emphasis,
"I don't want to find fault with you,
mother; you're the best mother ever a fel
low had; but I'd give my next year's sal
ary, even with the expected increase, if
you had named me vomethlng else— John
or Tom, or any other name that ls pro
nounceabfe." -
"I don't like the name of Nebuzaradon
myself, but you know. Don. you were
named for your father's uncle, and he
was seventy years old then, and immense
ly wealthy."
"Yes. and be is ninety-four years old
now, and still immensely wealthy. And 1
am forced to sign myself *N. Nye.' and
am the butt of all sorts of ridiculous
jokes on account of my name. I will not
write out that name, 'Nebuzaradon,' and
of course I don't want business men to
call me 'Don,' as you do. One thing I am
resolved upon— I shall marry a girl with
an ordinary name, Mary or Elizabeth or
Ann."
His mother laughed, teaslngly.
"It will be Just your fate to fall in love
with a girl named Clytemnestra."
Don groaned dismally.
"1 wouldn't go within ten miles of her.
and if I'm a lonely bachelor ail my life,
you will know it is because no woman win
marry me on account of my horrible
name. Let's change the subject— the peo
ple who have bought the Parker place are
fixing up the grounds beautifully; I no
ticed as I came by."
"Yes, I called there to-day. Mrs. Holmes
told me that her daughter had charge of
ell that. She le just home from college,
and is a very charming girl. I'd like you
to go with me to call on them. They are
likely to prove a very desirable acquisi
tion to the neighborhood."
"I hope the girl's name isn't Clytemnes
tra," growled Don.
"Really, Don, dear. I didn't question her
as to tier name, but her mother called her
•Happy.* "
"Happy, Happy," he repeated, "that is
a very pretty name. Happy Holmes. That
is a particularly pleasing combination. I
have no objection to calling on a girl with
bo attractive a name.'
During the lonr, bright cummer Don
and his new neighbor were together al
most constantly. Happy's name was ad
mirably appropriate— the sunsmne in j.er
teemed to shed its brightness on all
around her. Ehe had a sweet, frank na
ture and made no concealment of her
pleasure in Don's society. The hitherto
unimpressionable Don was soon deeply in
love.
"I'm thankful har name isn't Clytem
r.cstra—how mother would enjoy teasing
me. Tbtre couldn't be - nicer name than
Happy; and a more lovely girl doesn't
exist."
On* day he cautiously sounded Happy
twitt i ~ r V T can't be comforted
J>^^SSfe^Oj and deceived by any
W$^f(f&p)\' such pleasing epithet as
Im^^S^IS ' Uacnf>lor Maid when one
1||<?J^^jfii'i lives in Arcady. Spin
(^S^^K T V-/! slerho0 ' i ls a grim fact
'^S<^SJ«*><<| Betty dwelt In Arca-
"Yes. it Is. so short and easy, and has
such a pleasant, debonair sound. I said
it over and over again— Don. Don. Don
Nye.' Yes. I liked your name decidedly,
and from that it was not at all a difficult
on the snb'ect of names. "Have you no
name other than Happy?" he asked. < -;
"My middle name is Ness." she replied.
"I was named by my mother's. aunt; who
Is very wealthy and promised to make me
her heir If I were given her name."
"You should be thankful your aunt had
so Dretty a name," he remarked, en
vloualy.
Don's eyes were fixed on a brown lock
that curled against Happy's white neck,
mid he failed to notice the painful flush
that crent over her round cheek.
"Haven't von a middle name?" ehe
asked presently.
"No." Don answered, shortly, and ab
ruptly changed the subject.
When a man really cares for a girl so
small a thine as an undesirable name
counts fnr little. Don finally conquered
the timidity that assailed him whenever
he thought of himself ae "Nebuzaradon,"
and was insanely happy over the result. .
"Don, dear." said Happy, a few days
after the announcement of. their, engage
ment, "do you know what first attracted
me to you?"
"My good looks, I suppose,"' answered
Don, confidently.
"Nothing of the kind.^you vain crea
ture, it was your name."
"My name." groaned Don, despairingly.
"Won't they look great en the'wrdding
cards!" exclaimed Don, "Kerenhappuch
Ness Holmes and Nebuzaradon Nye. But
what's in a name—?"
"Then you are willing to a-Jmit that
Shakespeare was right—?"
"I admit nothing. He didn't know— he
simply stumbled on the, truth. He
couldn't know, {or he had never seen
Happy."
"Yes, "I. did; but Iknew you wouldn't
e,ven go 'to .call, if you knew— and I liked
her so well. I Happy is juat as lovely as
If her name were Mary Ann. ""Besides,
Don,'* with a rriTeehievou^ laugh; "they
are both Scripture' names."
"Yes.' I do, dear Don," cried Happy,
laughing hysterically, "and the fates
have surely brought us together, for my
name is Kerenhappuch."
That evening Don questioned his moth
er. "Did you know what llcppy's name
really "Is?"
"Does It seem so very dreadful to you,
Happy? I am sorry, but I cannot help
it. And you don't know how 1 have suf
fered all my life with that abominable
name."
matter to like you."
"Happy, I have a dreadful confession
to make. My name Isn't really Don, that
is only the final syllable of the name.
When we are married I'll have 'to write
my name on the records. Ntbuzaradon
Nye."
Happy was silent.
Arcady didn't know that a romance had
almost come into Betty's life. It knew
that she had kept steady company with
a lad about her own age some twelve
years before: knew that one afternoon
they went buggy driving and that the
next day young Klmberly; shook the duit
of Arcady's main street from hisaht^-s,
but it attached no significance to the fact.
The winter .went. Spring camp. The
earth sweetened with odors; it thrilled
and quivered with expectancy." When Xhf
fresh little folded leaves burst their buds
Betty brought her machine out on her
tiny porch. She sung as she sewed.
Betty went to church on Sunday fr-l
ing in harmony with the day in syite of
the last pin jabbed into her.
"Not married yet?" asked a young man
She was never going to mind again, one
couldn't mind after one's youth was d.ad.
She was going to be a cheerful and phil
anthropic pincushion for the rest of her
days. Jeering at spinsters had been in
fashion In Arcady long before her birth
and bade fair to remain popular for seme
time after her death.
When she had slipped back into the
safeness and warmth of her tiny bedroom
ehe stood long before the* dingy, cracked
mirror that never encouraged vanity, and
whispered :
"You're CS and you've been to the
funeral of your own youth. It would be
mighty funny to folks if they knew—
mighty funny— but they don't— they
don't."
who had been away from Arcady. In a
voice that thundered through the church.
"Well, well, I'll swan— an' a good lookln*
woman, too!"
"She's still hopln'." It was a woman
who spoke, and she fixed the pink rib
bon about Betty's throat with a SU3
plcious eye. the poor little luxury of a
pink ribbon that Betty had sewed half
the night to possess.
Betty flung up her head angrily and
looked into a pair of eyes that had soma
years before been the very light of her
own— the eyes of Henry Klmberly.
The color left her face, her hands
clasped themselves nervously. Tears of
distress feathered, but she. drove them
back desptrately.
"Howdy do. Miss Betty." said Kim
berly, making his way through the crowd
and holding out his hand.
"Howdy do. Mr. Kimberly," Betty
flung back, disdaining the hand.
She marched. past him down the aisld
and turned toward home, looking neither
to the right nor left. Th#re*wa9 a mur
mur of laughter that gr«w v aa Klmberly
strode after, her. - •
."Haw dared you to speak to me?" said
Betty, fiercely..
Kimberly had overtaken her in th«
quiet lane that led to her home. "Now,
Betty," his voice was firm. "I'm not goln*
to pui up with any of your tantrums.
You've got to listen to me. and you'va
got to tell me what you meant by filngin*
them crab-apple blossoma in my face
twelve years ago. I've come a good ways
to rind out. I .was askln' about you; you
know Jim. Dale's come out our way. I
was hopin' you were happily married, but
you ain't. You might have married a
better an' a wiser an' a richer man, but
you haven't. I've come a long way to
find out why you flung them blooms at
me. They were so pretty, Betty, like
your pink cheeks, an* as we drove under
the trees— ivird, I couldn't talk! The
words choked me an' I couldn't get 'em
out. Do you think It was a nice thing
for you to do?"
"Do you think it was nice to give them
to me?" Betty's voice shook. Klmberly
looked at her in amazement. % -
"Didn't you. mean It?" she asked.
"I meant every, word of it, Betty; I
mean it now." -• .
Betty stiffened. *
"I wanted the Rowers to tell you. Bet
ty. I thought they would."
"They did." Betty laughed shrilly. "Oh,
I hate crab-apple blossoms, and I hats
the month that brings them, and I hate
the man that gave them— crab-apple blos
soms that mean — "
"What?" sternly. U. V", "
. "As if you didn't know." scornfully.
"What?" more sternly.
"Don't you know," sobbed Betty, "that
crab-apple blossoms mean. 'I wouldn't—
wouldn't— have you If I could'?"
Doubt went out of Betty's soul at sight
of Klmberly's face and a red rush of Joy
leaped to her brows.
Klmberly opened his arms. Betty was
never to be a pincushion again. A little
brown bird, sore pressed by the chasing
hawk, she swept Into shelter, with a glad
cry.
; (Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.}
By Sarah Lindsay Coleman.
By Otho B. £enga.
DON'S HAPPY NESS NYE.
A VILLAGE PINCUSHION.
2THE SUNDAY CALL.
Copyright, 1902. by l/otbrop i^itnisninj «-o.
All rights reserved.
CHAPTER XXXI.
•CONSOLIDATED Copper at 110. The
/ / day after his talk with Uncle Peter
I /» Percival through three different
\ly brokers gave orders to buy ten
\^ thousand shares.
*i tried to give Relpin an order for five
thousand shares over the telephone," ho
ea!d to Uncle Peter, "but they're used to
those fifty and a hundred thousand
dollar pikers down in that neighborhood.
He teemed to think I was joshing him.
When I told him I meant it and was
ready to take practically all he could buy
for the next few weeks or eo I think he
fell over in the booth and had to be
helped out."
Orders for twenty thousand more shares
in thousand share lots during the next
three weeks sent the stocK to 115. Yet
wise men in the street seemed to fear the
etock. They were waiting cautiously for
more definite leadings. The plunging of
Bines made rather a sensation, and when
it became known that his holdings were
large and growing almost daily larger,
the waning confidence of a speculator
here and there would be revived.
At 115 the stock rested again, with few
rales recorded. A certain few of the elect
regarded this calm as ominous!. It was
half believed by others that the manipu
lations of the Inner ring would presently
advance the stock to a sensational figure,
and that the reckless young man from
Montana might be acting upon informa
tion of a definite character. But among
the veteran speculators the feeling was
conservative. Before buying they pre
ferred to await some sign that the ad
vance had actually begun. The conserva
tives were mostly the bald old fellows.
Among the Illusions that rarely survive a
man's hair In Wall street is the one that
"sure things" are necessarily sure.
Percival watched Consolidated Copper
ro back to 110, and bought acraln— ten
thousand shares. The price went up two
points the day after his orders were
placed, and two days later dropped back
to 110. The conservatives began to agree
with the younger set of speculators, in
fo far as both now believed that the
etock was behaving In an unnatural man
ner. Indicating that "something was do
ing"—that manipulation behind the
ecenes was under way to a definite end.
The conservatives and the radicals dif
fered as to Hrhat this end was. But then
Wall street Is nourished almost exclu
sively upon differences of opinion.
Percival now had accounts with five
firms of brokers.
"Relpin." he explained to Uncle
Peter, "Is a foxy boy. He's foxier
than a fox. He not only
tried to hedge on what he told me— said
he'd been drinking absinthe frappe that
day. and It always gets him dreamy— but
he actually had the nerve to give me the
opposite eteer. Of course he knows the
d*al clear to the center, and Shepler
knows that he knows, and he must have
been afraid Shepler would suspect he'd
been talking-. So I only traded a few
thousand shares with him. I didn't want
to embarrass him. Funny about him. too.
I never heard before of his drinking any
thing to speak of. And there isn't a
man In the street comes so near to know
ing what the big boys are up to. But
we're on the winning cards all right. I
get exactly the same Information from
a dozen confidential sources; some of it
I can trace to Relpin. and some of it
right to Shenler himself."
"Course I'm le'avin' it all to you," an
pwered Uncle Peter; "and I must say I
do admire the way you take hold and
pet things on the move. You don't let
any grass grow under your heels. You
got a cood head fur them things. I can
tell by the way you start out— just like
your ca fur all the world. I'll feel safe
enough about my money as long as you
keep your health. If only you got the
nerve. I've known men would play a big
proposition half throweh and then get
scared and pull out. Your pa wa'n't that
way. He could get a proposition right
by its handle everv time, and they never
come any too big fur him; the bigger
they was better he liked "em. That's the
kind of genius I think you got. You ain't
afraid to take a chance."
Perclval beamed modestly under praise
of this sort which now came to him
daily.
"It's good discipline for me, too. Uncle
Ptter. It'e what I needed, something to
put my mind on. I needed a n^f Inter
es-t In life. You had me down Tight. I
wasn't doing myself a bit of good with
nothing to occupy my mind."
"Well # I'm mighty glad you thought up
this stock deal. It'll give you good busi
ness habits and experience, say nothing
of doubling your capital."
"And I've gone in with Burman on his
corn deal. He's begun to buy. and he
has it cinched this time. i.e'U be the
corn king all right by June 1: don't make
any mistake on that. I thought as long
as we were plunging so heavy in West
ern Trolley and Union Cordage, along
with the copper_ we might as well take
the side line of' corn. Then we won't
have our eggs all in one basket."
J'AU right, son. all right! I'm trustln*
you. A corner in corn is better'n a cor
ner in wild oats any day: anythlncr to
keep you straight and doln' something. I
don't care how many millions you pile
up! I hear the Federal Oil people's back
of the couper deal."
"That's right: the oil crowd and Shep
ler. I had it straight from Relpin that
night. They're negotiating now with the
Rothschilds to limit the output of the
Rio Tinto mines. They'll end by controll
ing them, and then— well, we'll have a
roll of the ye'low boys— say, we'll have
to lay Quiet for a year Just to count it"
"Do . It good while you're doln' It"
urged Uncle Peter, cheerfully. "I rely
t-o much on your Judgment. I want you
to get action on my stuff, too. I got a
couple millions that ought to be workln'
harder than they are."
"Good: I didn't think you had so much
gambler In you."
. "It's, fur a. worthy purpose, eon. And
it seems too* bad that Pishy can't pull
out something with her bit, when it's to
be had uo easy. From what that span
gle-faced beau of hers tells me there's
got to be some expensive plumbing done
in that castle be gets sawed off on to
him."- .
"We'll let. sis In, too," exclaimed her
brother, generously, "and ma could use
a little more In her business. She's sit
ting up nights to corner all the Amal
gamated Hard-luck on the Island. We'll
pool Issue, and say we'll make those Fed
eral Oil pikers think we've gnawed a cor
ner off the BUbtreasury. I'll put an order
in for twenty thousand more shares to
morrow— among, the three etocks. And
then we'll have to see about getting all
our cxDltal here. We'll need every cent
of It that's loose: and maybe we better
sell off some of those dead-wood stocks."
The twenty thousand shares were
bought by. the following week, five thou- .
sand of them being Consolidated Copper,
ten thousand Western Trolley, and five
thousand Union Cordage. Consolidated
Copper fell off two points, upon rumors,
traceable to no source, that the company
had on hand a large secret supply of
copper, and was producing largely in ex
cess of the demand every month.
Perclval told Uncle Peter of these ru
mors, and chuckled with the easy con
fidence of a man who knows secrets.
"Tou see. It's coming the way Relpln
said. The Insiders are hammering down
the stock with those reports,- hammer
ing with one hand, and buying up small
lots quietly with the other. But you'll
notice the price of copper doesn't go down
any. They keep it at seventeen cents all
right. Now. the moment they get control
of the European supply they'll hold the
stuff, force up the selling price to awful
figures and squeeze out dividends that
will make you wear blue glasses to look
at them."
"You certainly do know your business,
son," said Uncle Peter fervently. "You
certainly got your pa's head on you. You
remind me more and more of Dan'l J.
Bines every day. I'd rather trust your
Judgment now than lots of older men
down there. You know their tricks all
right. Get In good and hard so long as
you got a sure thing. I'd hate to have
you come meachin' around after that
stock has kited, and be klckln* because
you hadn't bet what your hand was
worth."
"Trust me for that, Uncle Peter. Gar
tner tried to steer ra« off this line of
Etocks the other night. He'd heard these
rumors about a slump and he's 50 years
old at that. I thanked him for his tip and
coppered it with another thousand shares
all around next day. The way Garmer
can tell when you're playing a busted
flush makes you nervous, but I haven't
looked over his li
cense to know every
thing down in the
Street yet."
The moral gain to
Perclval from his
new devotion to the
stock market was
commented upon ap
provingly both by
Uncle Peter and by ,
his mother. It waa
quite as tangible as his money profits
promised to be. He ceased to frequent
the temple of chance in Forty-fourth
street, to the proprietor's genuine regret.
The poker games at the hotel he aban
doned as being trivial. And the cabmen
along upper Broadway had seldom now
the opportunity to compete for his early
morning patronage. He began to keep
early hours and to do less casual drink
ing- during the day. After three weeks of
this comparatively regular living his
mother rejoiced to note* signs that his
breakfast appetite waa returning.
"You see," he explained earnestly to
Uncle Peter, "a man to make anything at
this game must keep his head clear, and
he must have good health to do that. I
meet a lot of those fellows down there
that queer themselves by drink. It
doesn't do much hurt when a man isn't
needing his brains,— but no more of It for
me Just now!"
"That's right, 6on. I knew. J could make
something more than a polite sosh out of
you. I knew you'd pull up if you got into
business like you been doln'."
"Come down town with me this after
noon and see me m^ke a play. Uncle Pe
ter. I think I'll bfcgin now to buy on a
margin. The rise can't hold off much
longer."
"I'd like to, son, but I'd laid out to take
a walk up to the park this afternoon and
look at the monkeys awhile. I need the
outdoors, and anyway you don't need me
down there. You know your part all
right. My! but I'd begin to feel nervous
with all that money up, if It was anybody
but you, now."
In pursuance of his pronounced plan
Uncle Peter walked up Fifth avenue that
afternoon. But he stopped short of the
park. At the imposing entrance of the
Arlington he turned In. At the desk he
asked for Mrs. Wybert.
"I'll see If Mrs. Wybert Is in," said the
cterk, handing him a blank card; "your
name, please?"
The old man wrote, "Mr. Peter Bines of
Montana City would like a few minutes'
talk with Mrs. Wybert."
The boy was gone so long that I'nole
Peter, waiting, began to suspect he would
not be received. He returned ai length
with the message, "The lady suys will
you please step upstairs,"
Going up in the elevator, the old man
was ushered by a maid Into a violet
scented little nest whose pale green wails
were touched discreetly with hangings
of heliotrope. An artist, in Uncle Peter's
place, might have fancied that the color
scheme of the apartment cried out for a
bit of warmth. A glowing, warm-haired
woman was needed to set the walls afire;
and the need was met when Mrs. Wybert
entered. . '
She wore a Ionjj coat of seal trimmed
with chinchilla, and had been, apparently,
about to go out. Uncle Peter rose and
bowed. Mrs. Wybert nodded rather un
certainly.
"You wished to see me, Mr. Bines?"
"I did want to have a little talk with
you, Mrs. Wybert, but you're goln' out,
and I won't keep you. I know how
prtsstd you New York society ladles are
with your engagements."
Mrs. Wybert had seemed to be puzzled.
She .was still puzzled, but unmistakably
pleased. The old man was looking at her
with frank and friendly apology for his
Intrusion. Plainly she had nothing to
fear from him. She became gracious.
"It was only a little shopping tour, Mr.
Bines, that and a call at the hospital,
where they have one of my maids who
slipped on the avenue yesterday and
fractured one of her— er— limbs. Do sii
down."
Mrs. Wybert said "limb" for leg with'
the rather conscious air of escaping from
an awkward situation duly by the sub
tlest finesse.
She seated herself before a green and
heliotrope background that instantly tool
warmth from her color. Uncle Peter still
hesitated.
"You see, I wanted kind of a long chat
with you, Mrs.' Wybert-ra friendly chat
If you didn't mind, and 'I'd feel a mite
nervous if you're bundled ud that way."
"I shall be delighted. Mr. Bines, to have
a. long, friendly chat. I'll send my cloak
back, and you take your own time. There
now. do be right comfortable!"
The old man settled himself and be
etowed upon his hostess a. long look of
approval.
•The reports never done you Justice,
Mrs. Wybert. and they was very glowin'
reports, too."
"You're very kind; Mr. Bines, awfully
good of you!" . ¦
"I'm goin' to be more, Mrs. Wybert. I'm
goln' to be a little bit confidential— right
out in the straight open with you."
'.'I am sure of that."
"And if you want to. you can b» tfie
same with me. I ain't ever held anything
against you, and maybe now I can do you
a favor." . ¦ •
"It's right good of you to say so."
"Now, look here, ma'am, lets you and
me get right down to cases about this
society game here in ; New .York."
Mrs. Wybert laughed charmingly and
relaxed in manner.
"I'm with you, Mr. Bines. What about
It, now?" • .
"Now don't get suspicious, and tell me
to mind my own business when I ask you'
questions."
"I couldn't be suspicious of you— really
I feel as if I'd have to tell you everything
you asked me, some way."
"Well, there's been some talk of your
marrying that young Milbrey. Now tell
me the inside of it."
She looked at the old man closely. Her
intuition confirmed his own protestations
of friendliness.
"I don't mind telling you in strict con
fidence there was talk of marriage, and
his people, all but the sister, encouraged
it. Then after she was engaged to Shep
ler they talked him out of it. Now that's
the whole God's truth, if it does you any
good." - .
"If you had married him you'd 'a' had
a position, like they say - hefe, right
away."
"ph. dear, yes! Awfully swagger peo
ple—dead swell, every one of them.
There's no doubt about that."
"Exactly; and there ain't really any
reason why you can't be somebody here."
"Well, between you and I. Mr. Bines, I
can play the part as well as a whole lot
of these women here. I don't want to
talk, of course, but— well!"
"Exactly, you can give half of 'em
cards and spades and both casinos, Mrs.
Wybert."
"And I'll do it yet. I'm not through by
any means. They're not the on'.y per
ftctly elegant people in this town!"
"Of course you'll
doit; and you could"
do it-'" better if yjou
had three or four
times the stake you
got."
"Dollars are worth more apiece in New
York than any town I've ever been in."
"Mrs. . Wybert, I can put you right
square into a good thing, and I'm .going
to do it. Heard anything about Consoli
dated Copper?"
"I've heard something big was doing in
it; but nobo<ly seems to know for
tain. My broker is afraid of it." t
"Very well. Now you do as I tell you.
and you can clean up a blgf lot inside of
the next two months. If you do as I tell
you, mind, no matter what you hear, and
if you don't talk." s
Mrs. Wybert meditated.
"Mr. Bines, I'm— It's natural that I'm
a little uneasy. Why should you want to
see me do well after our little affair?
Now, out with it! What are you trying
to do. with mo? What do you expect me
to do for you? Get down to cases your
self, Mr. Bines:"
¦ "I will, ma'am, in a few words. My
granddaughter, you may have heard. Is
engaged to an Kngllshman. He's next
thing to broke, but he's got a title com-
Inpr. Naturally, he's looking fur money.
Naturally, he don't care , fur the girl.
P,ut I'm afraid she's infatuated with him.
Now, then, if he had a chance at some
one with more money than she's got,
¦why, naturally, he'd Jump at it."
"Aren't you a little bit wild?"
"Not a little bit. He saw you at New
port la«t summer, and he's seen you
here. He was tearing the adjectives up
telling me about you the other night,
not knowing, you understand, that- I'd
ever heard tell of you before. You could
marry him in a jiffy if you follow my di
rections." »
"But your granddaughter has a for
tune."
"Yojj'H have as much if you play this
the way I tell you. And— you never can
tell In these times— she might lose a good
bit of hers." /
"It's very peculiar, Mr. Bines— your
proposition."
"Look at what a brilliant match It
would be fur you. Why, you'd be Lady
Capsrlthorpe. with dukes and counts tak
in" off their crowns to you. And that
other one — that Mllbrey— from all I hear
he's llghter'n' cork— cut his gralusses and
he'd float right up into the sky. He ain't
pot anything but his good family and a
thirst."
"I see. This Mauburn Isn't good enough
for your family, but you reckon he's good
enough for me? Is that it, now?"
"Come. Mrs. Wybert, let's be broad.
That's the game you like and I don't
criticize you fur It. It's a good game If
that's the kind of a game you're hunlin'
fur. And you can play -It better'n my
granddaughter. . She wa'n't fur It— and
I'd rather have her marry an American,
anyhow. Now you like it, and you got
"beauty— only you need more money. I'll
put you in the way of it and you can cut
out my granddaughter."
"I must think about » it. Suppose I
plunge in copper; and your tip isn't
straight. I've seen hard times, Mr. Bines,
in my life. I haven't always wore seal
skin and diamonds." *
"Mrs. Wybert. you was in Montana long
enough to know, how I stand there?"
"I know you're Al, and your. word's as
good as another man's money; I don't
question your good intentions." . •
, "It's my Judgment, hey? Now, look
here, I won't tell you what I know and
how I know it. but you can take my word
that I know I do know. You plunge, in
copper right off, without saying a. word
to ¦ anybody or makln" any splurge, and
here—" ¦ ' ¦>
From the little table at his elbow he
picked up the card that had announced
him and drew out his pencil. . ¦ - -
"You said my word was as good as an
other man's money. Now I'm going 'to
write on this card just what. you have to
do and you're to follow directions, no mat
ter what you • hear about other people
doing. There'll be all sorts of reports
about that stock, but you follow my di
rectidns.' ' ' ¦
He wrote on the back of the card»with
his pencil. ' ;
"Consolidated Copper, remember— and
now I'm a-goin' to write something else
under them directions.- -¦ *i' i
disposed of to- an English syndicate, the
proceeds being retained, for the. stock
deal. All but the best paying of the rail
road, smelting and land-improvement se
curities were also thrown on the market.
The experience was a valuable one to
the young man, enlarging greatly his
knowledge of affairs and giving him x a
needed insight into the methods by which
the fortune had been accumulated.
"That . was u. slow, clumsy, old-fash
ioned way to make money," he declared
to Coplen. "Nowadays it's done quicker."
His grasp of details delighted Uncle
Peter and surprised Coplen.
"I didn't know but he might be getting
plucked." said Coplen to the old man,
"with all that money being drawn out
so fast. If I hadn't known you were
with him I'd have taken it on myself to
find out something about his operations.
But he's all right, apparently. He had a
scent like a hound " for those dead-wood
properties— got rid of them while we
were making up our minds to. That boy
will make his way unless I'm mistaken.
He has a head^for detail."
"I'll make him a bigger man than his
pa was yet," declared Uncle Peter. "But
I wouldn't want to let on that I'd had
anything to do with it. He'll think he's
done it all himself, and It's right he
should. It stimulates "em. Boys of his
age need Just about so much conceit, and
it dori't do to take it out of 'em."
Reports of the most encouraging char
acter came from Burman. The deal in
corn was being engineered with a riper
caution than had been displayed in the
ill-fated wheat deal of the spring before.
"Ilurman's drawn close up to a million
already," said 4 Percival to Uncle Beter.
"and now he wants me to stand ready for
another million."
"Is Burman," asked , Uncle Peter, "that
young fellow that had a habit of standing
pat on a pair of jacks, and then betttn'
everybody off the board?"
"Yes, that was Burman." , .
"Well, I liked his ways. , I , should say
he could do you a whole lot of good in a
corn deal."
In the flush of his great. plans and great
expectations came a chance meeting with
Miss Milbrey. He had seen her only at a
distance since their talk at Newport.
Yet the thought of her had persisted as
a plaintive undertone through all the
days after. Only the sharp, hurt. to his.
sensitive pride— from the conviction that
she had found him tolerable solely be
cause of his money— had saved him from
ihe willing admission to himself- that he
had carried Oft too much of her ever to.
forget. In. his quiet moments, the tones
of her clear, low voice came movingly to
his ears, and his eyes conjured Involun
tarily her girlish animation, her. rounded
young form, her color and fire— the
choked, smoldering fire of • opals. '--He
saw the curve of her wrist, the confident
swing of her. walk, the easy, poise of her
head,, her bearing, at once . girlish and
womanly, the little air, half of wistful
appeal, and half of self-reliant assertion.
Yet he failed not to regard these indul
gences as utter folly. . It had been folly
enough while he believed that she stood
ready to accept . him and his - wealth. .It
was more flagrant, now that her quest
foHa husband with millions had been so
handsomely rewarded. ;, ;.-•'¦
But again, the fact that she was now
clearly Impossible for him, so that even a
degrading submission ¦ on his part could
no longer secure her,. served only to bring
her attractiveness into greater, reliefs
With her fear gone that a sudden Impulse
to possess her might lead him to stultify
himself, he could see more clearly than
ever why she was , and promised .always
to.be to him the very dearest womanJn
the world— dearest -in spite of all he could
reason about so lucidly. He j felt,- then, ' a
little shock of unreasoning Joy to find one
night that they were .dining: together; at
the Oldakers'. - ¦-* ¦.. . ¦"•; • :¦ ¦•-.: ¦ ?
At 4" o'clock, he had , received a hasty
note signed "Fidelia Oldaker," penned in
the fine,. precise script of some yoang la
dles' finishing school— perhaps. extinct now.
for fifty years— imploring him,* if aught of
chivalry survived ; wlthin . his breast,'- to
fetch his young- : grandfather and - dino
with her that evening. Two men had In
considerately succumbed.- at 1 this eleventh
and she glanced at Uncle Peter with arch
liberality In her bright eyes.
That gentleman bowed low— a bow that
had been the- admiration of the smartest
society in / Marietta County, Ohio, fifty
years and more ago.
"I'm paid fur coming by coming," he
replied, urbanely^ .
"There, now!". cried his hostess, "that's
, pretty, and means something. You shall
take' me in for. that." .
"I'll have to give you a credit slip,
ma'am. You've overpaid me." And Mrs.
Oldaker, with a coy fillip of her fan, call
ed him a naughty boy.
"Here, Rulon," she called to Shepler,
"are two young daredevils' ' who've been
good enough to save me as many empty '
chairs. Now you shall take out Cornelia,
and this Juvenile eprlg shall relieve you
of Avice Mllbrey. It's a providence. You
engaged couples are always so dull when
you're banished from your own del a
deux." , ¦ . ¦_
Shepler bowed and greeted the two men.
Perclval sought Miss Milbrey, who was
with her aunt. at the other side of the
old-fashioned room,' a room whose bro
cade hangings had been Imported from
England in the days of the Georges, and
whose furniture was ~ fabricated in the
time' when France was suffering its last
kings.
Throughout the dinner their entire ab
sorption In each other was all but un
broken. Percival never could remember
who had sat at his left, and Miss Mll
brey 's right-hand neighbor, saw more
than the winning line of her profile but
twice. Perclval began: v
"Do you know, I've never been able to
classify you at all. I never could tell how
to take you." / ,
"I'll tell you a secret,. Mr. Bines: I
think I'm not to be taken at all. I've
begun to suspect that I'm like one of
those works that haven't any rhyme — like
'orange' and 'month,' you know "
"But you find poetry in life? I do."
"Plenty of verse— not much poetry."
"How would you order life now If the
little old wish Ing-lady came to your door
and knocked?"
And they plunged forthwith, buoyed by
youth's divine effrontery, into mysteries
that have vexed diners, not less than
hermit sages, since "the fog of old
time" first obscured truth. Of life and
death— the ugliness of life, and the beauty
of death— ...
"• • • even as death might smile.
Petting- the plumes of some surprised soul,"
quoted the girl. Of loving and hating,
they talked:. of trying and falling— of the .
implacable urge under which men must
strive In. the face of certain defeat — of the
probability that men are purposely born
fools, since. If they were born wise they
would refuse to strive; whereupon life
and death would merge, and naught
would prevail but j a vast Indiffer
ence. "In fact, they were very deep and
affected to consider these grave matters
seriously. They affected that they never ¦
habitually thought of lesser concerns.
And they had an air of listening to each
other as If they wereywelghlng the words
Judicially, and were quite above any mere
sensuous considerations of personality.- • :
.And they , fell together once In de- :
ciding whether, after all, the brightest*
women ever cease to believe .that"
men .are Influenced most by surface,
beauties. They fired each other's enthu-.
eiasm for expressing opinions, and they
took the opinions very s«riously. Yet, of
their meeting, to an observer, their, talk :
would have seemed the part least worth.-,
regarding. ... . i .
Twice . Percival caught Shepler's regard
bent upon them. It amused him to think
he detected signs of uneasiness back of
the survey, cool, friendly and guarded as v
it was, on the surface. V- ¦ / 'A • '.-,
At parting, later, PercivaL spoke for the'
first time to Miss Mllbrey of her engage
ment;. - ;•-':.• . ¦ : ¦, ' j. , : ; • :'. :..-'.
;*You must know that I wish you all the
happiness you hope, for yourself; and If r
I were as lucky in love as Mr. Shepler has
been. I surely would never, dare to, gamble
in anything else— you know the saying." %&
I "And > you, Mr. Bines. 'I've been hear
ing, so. much' of your marriage;. I hope j
the- rumor I : heard ., to-day ;ls true, that
your engagement has been. announced."
He laughed. i. • *- • - . : ,•
¦',-, VCorae, now! That's all . gossip, you
know;- not a word of truth in it, and it's
been very., annoying to .us.' both/ : Please
demolish that rumor on . my authority •
next time you' hear It, thoroughly, "so. they.
hour, to.th* prevailing crip epidemic, and
the lady threw herself confidently on the
well-known generosity of the Bines male
—"like one of the biff, stout nets those
acrobatic people fall Into from their high
bars," she concluded. -.
Uncle Peter was more than willing:. lie
like the Oldakers. %
"They're the only sane folks I've met
among your . friends." he . had told his
grandson. He had dined there frequently
during the winter, and professed to be
enamored of the hostess. That fragile
but sprightly bit of antiquity professed In
turn to find Uncle Peter a very dangerous
man among the ladies. They flirted out*
rageously at every opportunity, and Un
cle Peter sent her more violets than many
a popular debutante received that win
ter.
Perclval, with his new air of Wall street
operator, was inclined to hesitate.
"You know I'm up early now, Uncle
Peter, to get the day's run of the mar
kets before I go downtown, and a -man
can't do much in the way of dinners
when his mind is working all day. Per
haps Mauburn will go."
But Mauburn was taking Psyche and
Mrs. Drelmer to the first night of a play,
and Percival was finally persuaded by the
old man to relax, for one evening, the
austerity of his regime.
"But how your pa would love to see you
so conscientious," he said, "and you with
Wall street, or a good part of it, right
under you heel. Just like that," and the
old man ground his heel viciously into the
carpet.' m
When Percival found Shepler with Mrs.
Van Gelst and Miss Mllbrey among the
Oldakers' guests he rejoiced. Now he
would talk to her without any of that
old awkward self-consciousness. He was
even audacious enough to insist that Mrs.
Oldaker direct him to take Miss Mllbrey
out to dinner.
"I claim it as the price of coming, you
know, when T wa« only an afterthought."
"You shall be paid,
sir," his hostess de
clared, "if you consid
er it pay to sit be
side an engaged girl
whose mind Is full of
her trousseau. And
here's this captivat
ing young scapegrace
relative of yours.
TOThat nricn dnci h«
THE SPENDERS
B^ Harry ILeoiv Wilsoii.
'"Do, this up to the limit of your cap :
ital. and I will makegood anything yot
lose.' There. Mrs. Wybert. > I've slgnec
that 'Peter Bines.' That,, card : wouldn't
be worth a red apple in. a court of Uv,
but you know me and you know, it's sooc'
fur every penny you lose." •¦..-',; • ¦;
"Really, Mr. Bines, | you half-way per
suade me. I'll certainly try the cbppei
play— and about the other— well— we'll
see; I don't promise, mind "you!"
"You think it over. . I'm sure you'll like
the idea— think of bein' In that great no
bjlity and beln' around them' palaces with
their dukes and counts. Think how these
same New York women will meach to you
then!" • . . ¦ . :¦: : ...
The old man rose. •' ¦., • \"
"And mind. 'follow them directions- and
no other— makes no difference what- you
hear, or I won't be responsible. -And I'll
rely on you, ma'am, never to let any on*
know about my visit, and to send m«
back that little document after you'v*
cashed in." ¦ .'-;-
He left her studying the card with a
curious little flash of surprise.
-• ' ' '¦-'.¦ ¦'
. CHAPTER XXXII.
DEVOTION -TO BUSINESS AND A
CHANCE" MEETING. ¦¦/¦'.. ,
In the weeks that now followed Per
cival became a model of sobriety and pa>
tient, unremitting "industry, according t(
his own Ideas of industry. He visited th<
offlcfs of his various brokers daily, read
ing the tape with the single-hearted de
votion of t a -veteran speculator. He. ac
quired a general knowledge of the ebl
and flow of popular stocks. He frequent
ly saw opportunities for quick profit ir
other stocks than the three he was deal
ing with, but he would not let himself b<
diverted. - . . •
Early tn March Coplen. the lawyer, waj
sent for, and with him Perclval spent tw<
laborious weeks, going over Inventoriei
of the properties, securities and money:
of the estate.- The major portion of th<
latter was not invested in the thre«
stocks, and the 1 remainder was at hand
where It could be conveniently reached
Percival informed himself minutely as
to the values 01
the different minlnj
properties, railroac
and other securities
A grouo of the less
Read the Sensational Finale of
"THE SPENDERS'*
In Next Sunday Call.
See tHe Thrilling New Novel
••THE GOLDEN FETICH"
Begins Sunday Call, August 23
can make nothing out of th» pieces.".
Miss Mllbrey showed g enulna . disap
pointment.
"I had thought, naturally—"
"The only member of that, household I
could marry Is not suited to my ago."
Miss Mllbrey was puzzled.
"But. really, she's not* so old."
"No, not so very old. Still, she's going
on five, and you know how time files— and
eo much disparity In our ages— twenty-ono
years or so. No, she was no wife for me.
although I don't mind confessing that
there has been an affair between us, but
—really you can't Imagine what a frivol
•ous and trifling creature she Is." _ '
Miss Milbrey laughed now, rather paln-^
fully he fancied.
"You mean the baby? Isn't she a little
dear?"
"I'll tell you something, just between
us— the baby's mother Is— well, I like her
—but she's a Joke. That's all, a Joke."
"I beg your pardon for talking of It.
It had seemed so definite. They're wait
ing for me— good night— so glad to have
seen you— and. nevertheless, she's a very
practical Joke!"
He watched her with frank, otter long
ing as she moved over to Mrs. Oldaker.
tender, girlish, appealing, with the old
air of timid wlstfulness, kept guard over
by her woman's knowledge: His nngers
still curved, as If they were loth to for
get the claso of her warm, firm little
hand. She was gowned In white fleece,
and ahe wore one pink rose where. she
could bend her blue eyes down upon It.
And she was going to marry Shepler for
his millions. She might even yet regret
that she had not waited foe him. when
his own name had been written up as
the w4*ard of markets and the master of
millions. Since money was all she love*,
he would show her that even In that he
was pre-eminent: though he would still
have none of her. And as for Bhepler—
he wondered If Shepler knew Just what
risks he might be taking on. y
"Oh. Mutterchenl Wasn't It th« Jolllait
evening?"
They were' In the carriage.
"Did you and Mr. Bines enjoy yow*
selves as much as you seemed to V
"And isn't his grandfather an old dear?
What an interesting little .. story about
that woman. I know Just how she felt.
You see. alr. M she turned to Shepler.
"there is always a way to manage^ a
woman — you must find her weakness."
"He's a very unusual old chap,"
said Shepler. "I had occasion not
long since« to tell him that a
certain business plan he proposed was
entirely without precedent. His answer
was characteristic He said. 'We make
precedents In the West when we can't
find one to suit us.' It seemed so typical
of the people to me. You never can tell
what they may do. Ton sea they were
started out of old ruts by some form of
necessity, almost every one of them, when
they went West, and as necessity.stimu
lates only the brightest people to action,
those Westerners are apt to be of a pret
ty keen, active and sturdy mental type.
As thisiold chap says, they never hang
back for lack of precedents; they go
ahead and make them. They're not afraid
- to take sudden queer steps. But, really.
I Ilk© them both." . |
"So do I," said his betrothed.
. . CHAPTER XXXIII.
THE AMATEUR NAPOLEOJJ OB* WAXI»
STREET.
At the beginning of April the situation
in the three stocks Perclval had bought
so heavily . grew undeniably tense. Con
solidated Copper went from 109 to 103 ia
a week. But Percival's enthusiasm suf
fered little abatement ' from the drop.
"You see," he reminded Uncle Peter. **tt
isn't exactly what I expected, but lfs
right in line with it, so It doesn't alarm
me. I knew those fellows lnslfis were
bound to hammer It down If they could. .
It wouldn't phase me a bit If It sagged
to 93."
"My! My!" exclaimed Uncle Peter, with
warm approval, "the way you master
this business certainly does win me. X
tell you, it's a mighty good thing wa got
your brains to depend on. I'm all right
the other side of Council Bluffs, but I'm
a tenderfoot here, sure, where every
body's tryin* to set the best of you. You
see, out there, everybody tries to make
the best of it. But here they try to get
the best of it. I told that to one of them
smartles last night But you'll put them
in their place all right. You know both
ends of the game and the mid
dle. We certainly got a right to t>«
proud of you, son. Dan'l - J. liked bis
propositions himself— but. well. I'd Just
like to have him see the nerve you've
showed, that's all."
.Uncle Peter's professions of confidence
were unfailing, and Perclval took new
hope and faith In his Judgment from them
daily.
Nevertheless, as the weeks passed, and
the mysterious insiders succeeded In their
design of keeping the stock from rising,
. he came to feel a touch of anxiety. More.
Indeed, than he was able to communicate
to Uncle Peter, without confessing out
right that he had lost faith In himself.
That he was unable to -do,' even If it
were true, which he doubted. The Bines
fortune was now hanging, as to all but
some of the Western properties, on . the
turning of the" three stocks. Yet the old
man's confidence In the young- man's
acumen was Invulnerable. No shaft that
Perclval was able to fashion had point
enough to pierce It And he was loth to
batter it down, for he still had the gam
bler's faith In his luck.
"You got your father's head In business
matters," ; was Uncle " Peter's invariable
) response :to any suggestion of failure. "I
know that much— spite 'Of what all these
gossips say— and • that's all I want to
know.. And of course 'you can't ever be
no Shepler 'less you take your share of
. chances.' - Only ¦ don't v . ask my advice.
' You're master^of " the fame, and, we're
- all layin'* right' smack down on your ge
nius fur* it". ~e->- - ! v - ,
BytheMhird week In April it was be
lieved that his holdings, of Consolidated
. were -the Jargest In- the street;, excepting
¦ those of the -Federal > Oil : people.' Uncle
- Peter was, delighted by the magnitude' of
' his operations- and * by his newly formed
habits of industry. V -." ' •'-
- "It'll ? be* the > makings of the'boy." | he
said to Mrs. Bines in her- son's presence.
" "Not that I care ¦ so much j myself- about
j all the- millions, he'll »plle up, but it gives
him a business training ' and ' takes : him
' out of the pin-head "'Class. I. bet Shepler
, himself will- be tiskln-Voff . his silk' hat^to
your son Jest as soon as he's 'made th!»
• turn In copper— if he. has enough of 'Dan'l
J.'s grit- to hang on— and- 1 think. he has."
, >'7They rneedn't wait* another - .day for
me," Perclval told him later. ¦ '.The'fam
ily, treasure -Is' about^ all in now," except
I ma's, amethyst , earrings, and-.- the' hair
¦ watch chain Grandpa Cummlngs had. Of
- course , I'm holding ' what . I, promised for
3CHAPTER XXXV.
THE NEWS BROKEN. WHEREUPON
AN ENGAGEMENT IS BROKEN.
At 7 Percival found Uncle Peter at
his hotel, still in abyssmal depths of woe.
Together they went to break the awful
news to the unsuspecting Mrs. Bines and
Psyche.
"If you'd only learned something useful
while you had the chance." began Uncle
Peter, dismally, as they were driven to
the Hightower, "how to do tricks with
cards, or how to sing funny songs, like
that little friend of yours from Balti
more you was tellln' me about Look at
him. now. He didn't have anything but
bis own ability. He could tell you every
time what card you was thlnkln* about,
and do a skirt dance and give comic reci
tations and Imitate a dog fight out in the
back yard, and now he's married to one
of the richest ladies in New York. Why
couldn't you 'a* been lcarnln* some of
them clever things, so you could 'a' mar
ried some good-hearted woman with lota
of money— but no " Uncle Peter's
tones were bitter to excess— "you was a
rich man's son and raised In idleness—
and now, when the rainy day's come, you
can't even take a white rabbit out of a
¦tove-plpe hat!"
To these senile maunderlngs Percival
paid no attention. When they came into
the crowd and lights of the Hightower,
he sent the old man up alone.
"You go. please, and break It to them.
Uncle Peter. I'd rather not be there Just
at first. I'll come along In a little bit."
So Uncle Peter went, protesting that he
was a broken old man and a cumberer of
God's green earth.
Mrs. Bines and Psyche had that mo
ment sat down to dinner. Uncle Peter's
manner at once alarmed them.
"It's all over," he said, sinking into a
chair.
"Why, what's the matter. Uncle Pe
ter?"
"Percival has — " . .
Mrs. Bines arose quicky. trembling.
"There— I Just knew it — it's all over
he's been struck by one of those terrible
automobiles— Oh, take me to where he
la!"
"He ain't been run over— he's gone
broke— lost all our money; every last
cent."
"He hasn't been run over and killed V
"He's ruined us, I tell you, Manny—
lost every cent of our money In Wall
street"
"Hasn't he been hurt at all?— not even
his leg broke or a big gash In his head
and knocked senseless?"
"That boy never had any sense. I tell
you he's lost all our money."
"And he ain't a bit hurt — nothing the
matter with himt"
"Ain't any more hurt than you or me
this minute."
"You're not fooling his mother. Uncle
Peter r*
"I tell you he's alive and well, only he's
lost your money and Fish's and mine and
his own."
Mrs; Bines breathed a Ions, trembling
sigh of relief, and sat down to the table
again.
"Well, n» need to scar* a body out of
their wits — scaring his mother to death
won't bring his money back, will it? 12
it's gone it's gone.**
"But ma. It Is awful!" cried Psyche.
"Listen to what Uncle Peter says. We're
poor! Don't you understand? Perco has
lost all our money."
MTs*s> Bines was eating her soap defi
antly.
"Long's he's got his health," sh« be
gan.
"And me win din' up In the poorhouse,**
whined Uncle Peter.
"Think of it, mat Oh. what shall w*
dor'
Percival entered. Uncle Peter did not
raise his head. Psych* stared at >»*tt\.
His mother ran to him. satisfied herself
that he was sound In wind and limb* that
he had not treacherously donned his sum
mer underwear and that his feet were not
wet. Then she led him to the table.
"Now you sit right down here and take
some food. If you're all right, every
thing is all right." .
With a weak attempt at his old gayety
he began:
"Really. Mrs. Crackenthorpe— *' but b*
caught Psyche's look and had to stop.
"I'm sorry, sis, clear into my bones. I
made an ass of myself— a regular Tool
right from the factory."
"Never mind, my son; eat your soup."
said his mother. And then, with honest
Intent to comfort fr'm. "Remember that
saying of you pa's, *lt takes all kinds *£
fools to make a world.' "
"But there ain't any fool Ilk* a damn
fool!" said Uncl* Peter, shortly. "I beea
a-tellln* him."
"Weil, you Just let him alone; you'll
spoil his appetite, first thins; you know.
My son, eat your soup now before It gets
cold."
"If I hadn't gone in so heary," groaned
Percival. "Or if I'd only got tied up in
some way for a few weeks-somethlns; I
could tide over."
"Yes." said Uncle Peter, with a cheerful
effort at sarcasm. "It's always *asy to
think up a lot of holes you could get out
of-«ome different kind of a hole besides
the one you're In- That's all some folks
can do when they get In on* hole, they
say, *Oh. if I was only in that other one*
now, how slick I could climb outi* I ain't
ever met a person yet was satisfied with
the hole they was in. Always some com
plaint to make about 'em."
"And I had a chance to get oat a week
ago."
"Yes, and yon wouldn't take it et
course— you knew too much— «wellln*
around here about beln' a Napoleon of
finance— and Shepler and a Wizard of
Wall Street and all that kind of guff—
and you wouldn't take your chance, and
That phenomenon Is i*ot uninteresting.
We may picture a far-reaching waste of
enow, wind-furrowed until it resembles
a billowy white sea frozen motionless.
The wind blows half a gale and the air
is full of fine Ice-crystals that sting the
face viciously. The sun. lying low' on the
eouthern horizon, seems a mere frozen
globe, with lustrous pink crescents en
circling It
One day the wind backs and ?hifts. A
change portends. Even the herds of half
frozen range cattle sense It by some sub
tle beast-knowledge. They are no longer
afraid to lie down as they may have been
for a week. The danger of freezing has
passed. The temperature has been at 50
The Bines fortune disappeared much as
a heavy fall of snow melts under the Chi
nook wind.
The loss of much money is commonly a
subject to be managed with brevity and
aversion by one who sits down with the
right reverence for sheets of clean paper.
To bewail Is painful. To affect lightness,
on the other hand, would, in this age. sa
vor of insincerity. If not of downright
blasphemy. More than a bare recital of
the wretched facts, therefore, Is not
seemly.
HOW THE CHINOOK CAME TO WALL
STREET.
CHAPTER XXXIV.
"You— you— you'd make a purty man
ager of anything, wouldn't you! As if
you could be trusted with anything again
that needs a schoolboy's intelligence.
Even If you had the brains, you ain't
got the taste nor the sperrit In you.
You're too lazy— too triflln'. You, a-goin*
back there, developln' mines and gettln*
out ties, and lumber, and breeding short
horns, and Improving some of the finest
land God ever made— you beln' sober and
industrious, and ' smart, i.~.e a business
man has got to be out there nowadays.
That ain't any bonanza country any
more; 1901 ain't like 1870; don't figure on
that. You got to work the, low grade
ore now for a few dollars a ton, and
you got to work it with brains. No.
sir, that country ain't what it
used to be. There might 'a* been a time
when you'd made tyour board and clothes
out there when things come easier. Now
it's full of men that hustle and keep their
mind on their work, and ain't runnln* off
to pink teas in New York. It takes a
man with come of the brains your pa
had to make the game pay now. But
you— don't let me hear any more of that
nonsense!"
Percival had entered the room pale. He
was now red. The old man's bitter con
tempt had flushed him Into momentary
forgetfulness of the disaster.
"Look here. Uncle Peter, you've been
telling me right along I did have my
father's head and my father's ways and
his nerve, and God knows what I didn't
have that he had!"
"I was fooled— I can't deny it What's
the use of tryln* to crawl out of It? You
did fool me, and I own up to It; I thought
you had some sense, some capacity; but
you was only like him on the surface;
you Jest got one or two little ways like
his. that's all— Dan'l J. now was go«d
stuff all the way through. He might 'a*
guessed wrong on copper, but he'd 'a'
saved a get-away stake or borrowed one,
and he'd a piked back fur Montana to
make his pile right over— and he'd *a*
made it, too— that was the kind of man
your pa was — he'd 'a* made It!"
"I have saved a get-away stake." '
"Your pa had the head. I tell you— and
the spirit—"
"And, br God. I'll ahow you Vv rot
"Say, Uncle Peter, you said you'd raise
hell, and you done it You done It good,
didn't your*
"I don't believe it is. Uncle Peter— I
won't touch another share, and I won't
go near 8hepler again. We'll keep the
One Girl."
He called a cab for the old man, and
saw him started safely off uptown.
At the hotel Uncle Peter met Billy
Brue flourishing an evening paper that
flared with exclamatory headlines.
"It's all in the papers. Uncle Peter!"
"Dead broke! Ain't it awful, Billy!"
Peter. It's so horrible!" " ¦-; ¦¦¦.¦'
"I don't myself; it ain't a healthy appe
tlte-can't be— must be some kind of a
fever Inside of me— I s'pose— from all tnw
trouble. And now I've come to poverty
and want in my old age. Say. son. I be
lieve there'* Jest one thing you can do
to keep me from goin* crazy."
"Name it. Uncle Peter. You bet 111
do it!" .
"Well, it ain't much— of course I
wouldn't expect you to do all them things
you was Jest braggin* about back there
about goln' to work the properties and
all that— you would do it if you could. I
know-but it ain't that All I ask is.
don't play this Wall street game any
more. If we can save out enough by
good luck to keep us decently, so your
ma won't have to take boarders, why,
don't you go and lose that. too. Don"t
mortgage the One Girl. I mav be ( sort
of superstitious, but somehow I don't be
lieve Wall street Is your game. Course,
I don't say you ain't got a game— of some
kind— but I got one of them presentiments
that It ain't Wall atreet"
Uncle Peter finished his glass of beer.
"Lord! don't ask me," he replied, with
the unconcern of perfect trust "Of
course. If you've lost your nerve, or if
you think all these things you been tell
in* m«Vw Jest some one foolin" you "
"No. I know better than that and I
haven't lost my nerve. After all, it only
means that- the crowd Is looking for a
bigger rake-off."
"You pa always kept his nerve," said
Uncle Peter. "I've known him to make
big money by keepin' It when other men
lost theirs. Of course, he had genius fur
it and you're purty young yet "
"I only thought of it for a minute. I
didn't really mean it"
They read the next afternoon that Gor
don Blythe had. been found dead of
asphyxiation In a little downtown hotel
under circumstances that left no doubt of
"Uncle Peter, she's down to S3, and I've
had to margin up a good bit I didn't
think It could get below So at the worst"
"Oh, I can't bother about them things.
Just think of when she booms."
"I do— but say— do you think we bet
ter pinch our bet*?"
"Now. George," he was saying, "give us
a real lively pint of wine. You see, your
self, that cork isn't fresh; show It to
Frank there, and look at the wine itself —
come now, George, hardly a bubble in It!
Tell Frank I'll leave It to him, by Gad!
If this bottle is right."
The waiter left with the rejected wine
and they heard Blythe resume to his com
panion, with the relish of a connoisseur:
"It's a simple matter of genius, old
chap— you understand?— to tell good wine
—that Is really to discriminate finely. If
a chap's not born with the gift he's an ass
to think he can acquire it. Sometime
you've a setter pup that looks nt— head
good. no*e all right— all the markings—
but you try him out and you know in half
an hour he'll never do in the world. Then
it's better to take him out back of the
barn and shoot him, by Gad. rather
than have his strain corrupt the rest of
the kennel. He can't acquire the gift,
and no more can a chap acquire this
gift Ah! I was right was I, George?
Look how different that cork is."
He sipped the bubbling amber wine with
cautious and exacting appreciation. As
the waiter would have refilled the glasses,
Blythe stopped him.
"Now, George, let me tell you some
thing. You're serving at this moment the
only gentleman's drink. Do It right
George. Listen! Never refill a gentle
man's glass until it's quite empty. Do
you know why? Think, George! You
pour fresh wine Into stale wine and what
have you?— neither. I've taught you
something, George. Never fill a glass till
it's empty."
"It beats me," said Uncle Peter, when
Blythe and his companion had gone, "how
easy them rich codgers get along. That
fellow must 'a' made a study of wines,
and nothing worse ever bothers him than
a waiter fillln' his glass wrong."
"You'll be beat more." answered Per
cival. "when I tell you this slump In cop
per has just ruined him — wiped out every
cent he had. He'd Just taken it off the
ticker when we found him in Fouts' place
there. He's lost a million and a half,
every cent he had In the world, and he
has a wife and two grown daughters."
"Shoo! you don't say! And I'd have
sworn be didn't care a row of pins
whether copper went up or down. He
was a lot more worried about that cham
pagne. Well, well! he certainly is a game
loser. I got more respect fur him now.
This town does produce thoroughbred*,
you can't deny that"
Percival was staring at Blythe in un
concealed amazement. He turned, leaving
Uncle Peter still chatting with him, and
eeught Fouts in the Inner office. When he
came out ten minutes later Uncle Peter
was waiting for him alone.
"Your friend Mr. Blythe is a clever sort
of man. Jolly and light-hearted as a boy."
"Let's go out and have a drink before
we go uptown."
In the cafe of the Bavarian, to which
he led Uncle Pe«ter, they saw Blythe
again. He w»6 seated at one of the ta-
Llea with a younger man. Uncle Peter
and Percival sat down at a table near by.
Blythe was having trouble about his
wine.
ir.ade large sales of the stuff in London
*u 1G,. I believe. One never can be quite
aware of v/hat really governs these ab
surd fluctuations."
They reached the office of Fouts. in the
latter street. Just as the exchange had
closed. In the outer tradina-room groups
of men were still about the tickets, rather
excitedly discussing the last quotations.
Percival made his way toward one of
them with a dim notion that he might be
concerned. He was relieved when he saw
Gordon Blythe. suave and smiling. In the
midst of the group, still regarding the
tape he held in his hands. Blythe, too,
had plunged In copper. He had been one
of the few as sanguine as Percival— and
Blythe 1 * manner now reassured him.
Copper had obviously not gone wrong.
"Ah. Blythe. how did we close? Mr.
Blythe, my grandfater, Mr. Bines."
Blythe was the model of easy, indolent,
happy middle-age. His tall hat, frock
coat with a carnation in the lapel, the
precise crease of his trousers, the pplck
ness of hla patent leathers and his grace
ful confidence of manner, proclaimed his
mind to be free from all but the pleasant
things of life. He greeted Uncle Peter
airily.
"Come down to see how we do it, eh,
Mr. Bines? It's vastly engrossing, on my
word. Here's copper Just closed at 93,
after opening strong this morning at 103.
I hardly fancied, you know, it could fall
off so many of those wretched little
points. Rumors that the Consolidated has
Then they made the rounds of the brok
ers' offices In New, Broad and Wall
streets.
"Faro Is such a lot quieter game," was
his comment; "so much more ca'm and
restful. What a pity, now, 'tain't a»
Christian!"
He accepted Perdval's invitation that
afternoon to go down into the street with
him. They stopped for a moment In the
visitors' gallery of the Stock Exchange
and looked down into the mob of writh
ing, disheveled, shouting brokers. In and
out. the throng swirled upon Itself, while
above its muddy depths surged a froth
of hands in frenzied gesticulation. The
frantic movement and din of shrieks dis
turbed Uncle Peter.
of any pikers like 8hepler. with his little
2000 and 5000 lots. Oh! I can Jest hear 'em
callln' you hard names down in that Wall
street— Napoleon of Finance and Copper
King and all like that— in about thirty
days!"
Burman. But that rise can't hold off
much longer, and the only thing I'll 'Co
from now on is to hock a few blocks of
the stock I bought outright and buy on
margins, so's to get bigger action."
"My! My! you Jest do fairly dazzle me,"
exclaimed the old man delightedly. "Oh.
I guess your pa wouldn't be at all proud
of you if he could see it I tell you. this
family's all right while you keep hearty."
"Well. I'm not pushing my chest out
any." said the young man with becoming
modesty, "but I don't mind telling you it
win be the biggest thing ever pulled off
down there by any one man."
"That* s the true Western spirit," de
clared Uncle Peter, beside himself with
enthusiasm. "We do things big when we
bother with 'em at alL We ain't afraid
"And copper's up two points to-day,"
said Percival, cheerfully. He had begun
to be depressed with forebodings of disas
ter, and this slight recovery was cheer
ing.
"By the way," he continued, "there
may be another gas-jet blown out In a
few days. That party, you know, our
friend from Montana, has been selling
Consolidated right and left Where do
you suppose she got any such tip as that?
Well, I'm buying and she's selling, and
we'll have that money back. She'll be
wiped off the board when Consolidated
soars." ..
his suicide.
"That man wa'n't so game as we
thought." said Uncle Peter. "He's left
his family to starve. Now your pa was a
game loser fur fair. Dan'l J. would 'a'
called fur another deck."
"And here I'm come to want in my last
days when I'm too feeble to work. I'll
"Don't, please— not Just now— give it to
me good later — to-morrow— all you want
to!"
"Gamble away your own money— no,
that wa'n't enough— take your poor ma's
share and your sister's, and take what
little I 'had to keep me in my old age
robbed us all— that's what comes of
thinkin' a damned tea-drlnkin* fop could
have a thimbleful of brains!"
The old man had reeled, and then weak
ly caught at the top of the desk with
both hands for support.
"Ruined!" he cried, hoarsely, as If the
extent of the calamity had just borne in
upon him. "My God! Ruined, and at my
time of life!" He seemed about to col
lapse. Percival quickly helped him into
a chair, where he becamo limp.
"There, I'm all right. Oh, it's terrible!
and we all trusted you so. I thought you
had your pa's brains. I'd 'a' trusted you
soon's I would Shepler, and now look
what you led us into— fortune gone
broke—and all your fault!"
"Don't, Uncle Peter—don't, for God's
sake— not when I'm down! I can't stand
it!"
"Shepler's all right about the One Girl.
He'll take a mortgage on it for two hun
dred thousand if you'll recommend it—
only he can't get the money before to
morrow. There's bound to be a rally in
this stock, and we'll go right back for
some of the hair of the— why— what's the
matter— Uncle Peter!"
"Ain't he a nervy old guy?" said a
crisp little money broker to Fouts.
"They're wiped out, but you wouldn't
think he cared any more about it than
Mike the porter with his brass polish out
there."
The old man held his paper up, but did
not read.
Percival rushed In by him, beckoning
him to the other room.
softened his square Jaw-for a moment
He resumed his comfortable chair and
took up a newspaper, glancing incident
ally at the crowd of excited men about
the tickers. He had abouc nim that air
of repose which comes to big men who
have stayed much in big out-of-door soli
tudes.
Percival watched the decline with a
conviction that he was dreaming. He
laughed to think of his relief when he
should awaken. The crowd surged about
the ticker and their voices cam a a* from
It has been thought wise to adopt two
somewhat differing similes in the forego
ing, in order that the dlreness of the
tragedy may be sufficiently apprehended.
Then he had seen his cunningly built
foundations, rested upon with hopes so
high for three months, melt away like
snow when the blistering Chinook comes.
For two days he clung to the ticker
tape as to a life line. He had committed
the millions of the family as lightly as
ever he had staked a hundred, dollars on
the turn of a card or left ten on the
change tray for his waiter.
Into this maelstrom of a panic market
the Bines fortune had been sucked with
a swiftness bo terrible that the family's
chief advising member was left dazed and
incredulous.
Incidentally, Western Trolley had gone
into the hands of a receiver, a failure In
volving another hundred .million dollars,
and Union Cordage had fallen thirty-five
points through sensational disclosures as
to its overcapitalization.
concern. As to the copper situation, the
comment was pat It had been suddenly
disclosed, not only that no combination
could be made to include the European
mines, but that the Consolidated Com
pany had an unsold surplus of 150,000,000
pounds of copper; that it was producing
20,000,000 pounds a month more than could
be sold, and that it had made large secret
sales abroad at from two to three cents
below the 'market price.
As if fearing that these adverse condi
tions did not sufficiently Insure the stock's
downfall, the Shepler group of Federal
Oil operators beat it down further with
what was veritably a golden sledge. That
is, they exported gold at a loss. At a
time when obligations could have been
met more cheaply with bought bills they
sent out many golden cargoes at , an
actual loss of $300 on the half million.'. As
money was already dear, and thus be
came dearer, the temptation and the
means to hold copper stock, in spite of all
discouragements, were removed from the
path of hundreds of the harried holders.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
degrees below zero. Now, suddenly It be
gins to rise. The air is scarcely in mo
tion, but occasionally it descends as out
of a blast furnace from overhead. To
the southeast is a mass of dull black
clouds. Their face is unbroken. But the
upper edges are ragged, torn by a wind
not yet felt below. Two hours later its
warmth comes. In ten minutes the mer
cury goes up 25 degrees. The wind comes
at a thirty-mile velocity. . It increases in
strength and warmth, blowing with a
mighty roar.
Twelve hours afterward the snow, three
feet deep on a level, has melted. There
are bald, brown hills everywhere to the
horizon, and the plains are flooded with
water. The Chinook has come and gone.
In this manner suddenly went the Bines
fortune.
April 30, Consolidated Copper closed at
9L Two days later. May 2, the same ill
fated stock closed at 51— a drop of 40
points. Roughly the decline meant the
loss of a hundred million dollars to the
fifteen thousand shareholders. From ev
ery city of importance in ! the country
came tales more or less tragic of holdings
wiped out, of ruined families, of defalca
tions and suicides. The losses In New
York city alone were said to be fifty mil
lions. A few large holders, reputed to
enjoy inside information, were said to
have put their stock aside and "sold
ehort" in the knowledge of what was
coming. Such tales are always popular in
the street
Others not less popular had to do with
the reasons for the slump. Many were
plausible. A deal with the Rothschilds
for control of the Spanish mines had fal.
len through. Or, again, the slaughter
was due to the Bhepler group of Federal
Oil specuators, who were bent on forcing
come one to unload a great quantity of
the stock so that they might absorb it.
The immediate causes were less recon
dite. The Consolidated Company, so far
from controlling the output, was sudden
ly shown to control actually less than
CO per cent of It Its efforts to amend or
repeal the hardy old law of Supply and
Demand had simply met with the indif
ferent success that has marked all such
efforts since the first attempted corner
in stone hatchets, or mastodon tusks, or
whatever It may have been. In the lan
guage of one of its newspaper critics, the
"Trust" had been "founded on miscon
ception and prompted along lines of self
destruction. Its fundamental principles
were the restriction of product, the in
crease of price and the throttling of com
petition, a trinity that would wreck any
combination, business, political, or so«
dal." ¦ •
With this generalization we have no
afar. Their acts all had the weird in
consequence of the people we see In
dreams. Yet 'presently it had gone toe
far to be amusing. He must arouse him
self and turn over on his side. In five
minutes, according to his dream, he had
lost $5,000,000 as nearly as he could calcu
late. Losing a million a minute, even in
sleep, he thought was disquieting.
Then upon the tape he read another
chapter of disaster. Western Trolley had
gone into the hands of a receiver— a fin©,
fat, promising stock ruined without a
word of warning; and while he tried to
master this news the horrible clicking
thing declared that Union Cordage was
selling down to 58— a drop of exactly 35
points since morning.
Fouts, with a Blip of paper In his hand,
beckoned from the door of his private of
fice. He went dazedly in to him-and was
awakened from the dream that he had
been losing a fortune in his sleep.
Coming out after a few moments, he
went up to Uncle Peter, who had been
sitting, watchful but unconcerned. In one
of the armchairs along the wall. The old
man looked up inquiringly.
"Come inside. Uncle Peter!"
They went into the private office of
Fouts. Percival shut the door and they
were alone. ,¦ •
"Uncle Peter, Burman's been suspended
on the Board of Trade; Fouts Just had
this over his private wire. Corn broke
to-day."
"That so? Oh,, well, maybe It was
worth a couple of million to find out Bur
man plays corn like he plays poker- 'twas
if you couldn't get It fur any less."
"Uncle Peter, we're wiped out."*
"How wiped out? What do you mean,
son?"
"We're done, I tell you. We needn't
care a damn now where copper goes to
We're out of lt-and-Uncle Peter, we're
broke." . .
"Out of copper? Broke? But you said
— " He seemed to be making. an effort
to comprehend. His lack of grasp was
pitiful.
"Out of copper, but there's Western
Trolley and that cordage stock "
"Everything wiped out. I tell you—
Union Cordage gone down thirty-five
points, somebody. let out. the Inside se
crets-and God only knows how far West
ern Trolley's gone down." j ¦«•«_.
"Are you all in?"
"Every dollaiv-you knew that But
say," he, brightened out of his despair
"there's the One Glrl-r* good producer-^
Shepler knows the property— Shepler'a in
this block—" and he was gone. •
The old man strolled out into the trad
ing-room again. A curious irrlm smile
die In bitter privation, because I was an
old fool, and trusted a young one."
"Please don't, Uncle Peter!"
"You led us in— robbed your poor ma
and your sister. I told you I didft't know
anything about it and you talked me into
trusting you— I might 'a' known better."
"Can't you stop a while— Just a mo
ment?"
"Of course I don't matter. Maybe I
can hold a drill, or tram ore, or some
thing, but I can't support your ma and
Pishy like they ought to be, with my
rbeumatlz comln' on again, too. And
your ma'll have to take in boarders, and
do washln' like as not, and think of poor
Pishy— prob'ly she'll have to teach school
or clerk in a' store— poor Pish— she'll be
lucky now if she can marry some com
mon scrub American out in them hills
like as not one of them shoe clerks • In
the Boston Cash Store at Montana City!
And Jest when I was lookln' forward to
luxury and palaces in .England, and ev
erything so grand! How much you lost?"
"That's right; no use whining. Nearly
as I can get the round figures of It, about
twelve million."
"Awful-awful! By Crlpes! that man
Blythe that done himself up the other
night' had the right of it What's the
use of living if you got to go to the poor
house?"
"Come, come!" said Percival, alarm
over Uncle Peter crowding, out his other
emotions. "Be a game loser, Just as you
said pa would be. Bit up straight and
make 'em bring on another deck."
He slapped the old man on th* back
with simulated cheerfulness; but the de
spairing one only cowered weakly under
the blow.
"We can't— we ain't irot the stake for
a new oeck. Oh, dear! think of your ma
and me not knowln' where to turn fur a
meal of victuals at our time of life."
Percival was being forced to cheerful
ness in spite of himself.
"Come, It. isn't as bad as that. Uncle
Peter. We've got properties left, and
good ones, too."
Uncle Peter weakly waved the hand of
finished discouragement. "Hush! .Don't
apeak of that. Them properties need a
manager to make 'em pay— a plain busi
ness man— a man to stay on the ground
and watch 'em and develop 'em with his
brains— a. young man with his health!
What good am I— a poor, broken down
old cuss, bent double with rheumatlz—al
most I'm ashamed of you fur suggest
ing such a thing!"
"I'll do it myself— I never thought of
asking you." ' . '
Uncle Peter emitted a nasal gasp of
disgust. •"
the head. You think because I wanted te
live here, and because I made this wrong
play that I'm like all these pinheads
you've seen around here. I'll show you
different!— I'll fool you."
"Now don't explode!" aald the old man,
wearily. "You meant well, poor fellow—
I'll say that fur you; you grot a rood
heart. But there's lots of good men that
ain't good fur anything In particular.
You've got a good heart— yes— you're all
right from the neck down."
"See here," said Percival. more calmly,
"listen; I've got you all into this thing,
and played you broke against copper; and
I'm going to get you out— understand
that?"
The old man looked at him pityingly.
"I tell you I'm going to get you out.
I'm going back there and get things in
action, and I'm going to stay by them.
I've got a. good Idea of these properties
end you hear me. now— I'll finish with a
bank roll that'll choke Red Bank Can
yon."
Fouts knocked and came In.
"Now, you go along up town. Uncle Pe
ter. I want a few minutes with Mr.
Fouts, and I'll come to your place at 7."
The old man arose dejectedly.
"Don't let me Interfere a minute with
your financial operations, x'm too old a
man to be around in folks' way."
He slouched out with his head bent.
A moment later Percival remembered
his last words, also his reference to
Blythe. \He was seized with fear for
what he might do In his despair. Uncle
Peter would act quickly If hl« mind had
been made up.
He ran out Into Wall street, and hur
ried up to Broadway. A block off on
that crowded thoroughfare he saw the
tall figure of Uncle Peter turning Into the
ador of a saloon. He might have bought
poison. ,He ran the length of the block
and turned in.
Uncle Peter stood at one end of the bar
with a glass of creamy beer In front of
him. At the moment Percival entered he
was inclosing a large slab of Swiss
cheese between two slices of rye bread.
He turned and faced Percival. looking
from him to his sandwich with vacant
eyes.
"I'm that wrought up and distressed,
son, I hardly know what I'm doln'I Look
at me now with this stuff in my hands."
"I Just wanted to be sure you were all
right." said Percival, greatly relieved.
"All right," the old man repeated. "All
right? My God— ruined! There's nothln*
left to do how."
He looked absently at the sandwich.
ind bit a generous semicircle Into It.
"I don't see how you can eat. Uncle
Remember That Say in' of Your Pa's. "It Takes All Kinds of Fools to Make a World
4THE GOD IN THE MACHINE
CHAPTER XXXVI.
in Lone Fir Cemetery. As is the cus
tom among Chinese the personal belong
ings of the dead man were spread upon
the grave to be burned. An employe of
the cemetery caught among the rubbish
the glitter of a diamond and digging into
the pile he brought forth a charm, an
elk's tooth set with diamonds and the
number 17 stamped Into the tooth.
For eighteen months the dead heathen
had kept the bauble he had found In the
gutter. He knew nothing of its value,
but perhaps he thought it was a talis
man that might bring him good luck. It
did eventually; he died.
The cemetery employe turned the charm
over to Superintendent Beneflel, who be
gan a systematic search for the owner.
After ascertaining that Lodge No. 17 was
located In Denver, he communicated with
the officials there and ascertained the
whereabouts of Rlssman. After some cor
respondence and a complete identification
of the charm it was sent by express to
its owner, who was overjoyed to be in
possession again of his valued testimo
nial from fellow lodee members. Now
he has It anchored to his watchchaln wtth
an "Oregon boot." To the honest em
ploye whose keen eye caught the glint of
the bauble amonsr the flames Rlssman
sent a generous remittance.
Lost Elk's Charm Is Strangely
Recovered From Heathen's Grave
«^ EARLY two years ago E. G. Rlss-
man of this city, familiarly
I \| known to his friends as "Doc,"
I \ lost a valuable Elk charm in
V^ Portland, Or. It slipped off his
watchchain one night when he was walk-
Ing along the street. Vainly he searched
for it and advertised, offering a large
reward for Its return. Then he looked
upon it as gone for ever, and the loss of
the beautiful emblem was almost forgot
ten until the other day. when he received
It safe and sound from Wilson Beneflel,
superintendent of the Lone Fir Cemetery
in Portland. How the charm found Its
way back to its proper owner is one of
those true tales that stagger credulity.
• The charm was the gift of Lodge No. 17
of Elks, whose cool, green pastures are
circumscribed by the boundaries of that
region known as Denver, Colo. It is com
posed of an elk's tooth set In gold and
a magnificent solitaire diamond blazed
forth from the yellow metal, with smaller
stones forming a crescent below. On the
reverse side is Rlssman's name with the
number 17 stamped into the tooth.
Three months ago a Chinaman died In
Portland and his remains were interred
"But, hang it all! an American knows
how to do things, you know, and like as
not he'd nothing to begin with, by Jove!
Now I'd a lot to begin with, and here
it's all taken away."
"Look at young Bines. He's had a lot
taken away, but I'll wager he makes it
all back again and more too before
he's 40."
"He might in this country; he'd never
do It at home, you know."
"This country Is for you as much as
for him. Now, there's Augusta Hartong—
those mixed-pickle millionaires, you know.
I was chatting with Augusta's mother
only the other day, and if I'd only sus
pected this "
"Awfully kind of you, Mrs. Drelmer.
but it's no use. I'm fairly played out I
shall go to see Miss Bines and have a
chat with her people, you know."
"Now, for heaven's sake, don't make a
eilly of yourself, whatever you do! Hind,
the girl released you of her own accord!"
"Awfully obliged. I'll think about it
Jolly well, first. See you soon. Good-Ly!"
And Mauburn was off.
He was reproaching himself. "That
poor girl has been eating her heart out
for a word from me. I'm a brute!"
"It's uncommon handsome of you, Mrs
Drelmer, really, but we'll have to leave
oft that, you know. If a chap isn't^ heir
to a peerage or a city fortune, there's no
getting on that way."
"Why, the man Is actually discouraged.
Now you need some American pluck, old
chap. An American of your age wouldn't
give up."
an intimation from Mrs. Wybert herself,
bearing upon this same fortuity. .When
Uncle Peter reached there at 2 a. m. he
found in his box a small scented envelope
which he opened with wonder.
Two lnclosures fell out. One was a
clipping from an evening paper announc
ing the birth of twin sons to Lord Cassel
thorpe. The other was the card he had
left with Mrs. Wybert on the day of his
call; his name on one side, announcing
him; on the other the words he had writ
ten:
"Sell Consolidated Copper all you can
until it goes down to 65. Do this up to
the limit of your capital and I will make
good anything you krER BXKM/ .
He rtad the note:
"Arlington Hotel— 7:30.
"Mr. Peter Bines:
"Dear Sir— You funny old man, you. i
don't pretend to understand your game,
but you may rely on my secrecy. I am
more grateful to you than word3 can ut
ter—and I will always be glad to do any
thing for you. Yours very truly . "
"BLANCHE CATHERTON WYBERT
"P S —About that other matter— him
you know-vou will see from this notice
I cut from the paper that the party won t
get any title at all now. so a dead swell
New York man is in every way more
eligible. In fact, the other party is not
to be thought of for one moment, as I am
positive you would esree with me.
He tore the note and the card to fine
bits. , , . ,„?„_
"It does beat all." he complained later
to Billy Brue. "Put a beggar on horse
back and they bepln right away to fuss
around because tha bridle air it set with
diamonds-*; >ve 'em a little and they want
the whole ball of wax!"
"That's right." said Billy Brue. with
the quick sympathy of the lenc - d «
"That guy that doped me. he v.-a n t satis
fied with my good thirty-dollar wad. Not
by no means! He had to go take my
breastpin nugget from the Early Bird.
At 11 o'clock the next morning Mauburn
waited In Mrs. Drelmer' s drawing-room
for the news she might have.
When that competent person sailed In.
he saw temporary defeat written on her
brow. His heart sank to its low level of
the night before.
"Well, I saw the creature." 'she besran.
"and It required no time at all to reach a
very definite understanding with her. I
had feared It might be rather a delicate
matter, talking to her at once, you know
—and we needed to hurry-but she s a
woman one can talk to. She's made heaps
of money, and the poor thins Is society
mad—so afraid the modish world won t
take her at her true value— but she talked
very frankly about marriage— really she s
cool-headed for all the fire she seems to
have-and the short of it is that she's de
termined to marry some one of the smart
men here in New York. The creatures
fascinated by the very l£ e a."
"Dl* vou mention me?"
"You may be sure I did, but she'd read
the papers, and, like so many of these
people, Ehe has no use at all for an Eng
lishman without a title. Of course I
couldn't be too definite with her. but she
understood perfectly, and she let me see
she wouldn't hear of it at all. So she's
off the list. But don't give up. Now,
there's—"
But Mauburn was determinedly down
cast.
"Well, you see they're not only other
wise Impossible, but very wise impossible.
What could you do? Go to Montana with
them and learn to be an Indian? Don't,
for heaven's sake, sentimentalize! Go
home and sleep like a rational creature.
Come in by eleven to-morrow. Even with
out the title you'll be a splendid match
for Mrs. Wybert, and she must have a
tidy lot of millions after this deal."
Sorely distressed, he walked back to his
lodgings on Thirty-second street. Wild,
Qulxotlo notions of sacrifice flooded his
mood of dejection. If the worst came he
could go West with Hit family and learn
how to do something. And yet— Mrs. Wy
bert. Of course It must be that. The
other idea was absurd— too wild for se
rious consideration. He was thirty years
old, and there was only one way for an
English gentleman to live— even If it must
break the heart of a poor rlrl who had
loved him devotedly and for whom he had
felt a steady and renulne affection. He
passed a troubled night.
Down at the hotel of Peter Bines was
But Mrs. Drelmtr. there's that poor
girl; she cares for ma, and I like her
Immensely, you know— truly I do—and
she's a trump— see where sne says here
she couldn't possibly leave her people
now they've come down— even If matters
were not otherwise impossible."
"She'll take you, and youil b« as well
•et up as you were before. Listen. X met
her last week at the Critchleys. She
r poke of having seen you. I could see she
was dead set to make a good marriage.
You know she wanted to marry
Fred Mllbrey, but Horace and his
mother wouldn't hear of it after
Arlce became engaged to Ruloa Bhepler.
I m In the Crltchleys' box to-night, and
I understand ehe's to be there. Leave it
to m*. Now it's after nine, so run
along."
That absurd old Peter Bines has spoken
to me of her three times lately. She's
made a lot more money than she had In
this same copper deal, and she'd a lot to
begin with. I wondered why he spoke so
enthusiastically of her. and I don't see
now, but—'*
"WellT"
Mauburn's eyes opened widely.
He paced the floor while bis matrimo
nial adviser tapped a white kidded foot
on the floor and appeared to read plans of
a new battle In a mother-of-pearl paper
knife which she held between the tips of
her fingers.
"X have It— and wVU do it quickly I—
Mrs. Wybertr
"But we'd have been so nicely set up,
even without the title, and now Bines,
the clumsy ass, has come this Infernal
cropper and knocked everything on the
head. I aay. you know It's beastly!"
"Hush, and let me think I"
He found that capable lady gowned for
the opera. Ehe received his bit of news
with the aplomb of a resourceful com
mander.
"Now, don't go seedy all at once— you've
a chance."
"Hang It all, Mrs. Drelmer, I've not.
Life Isn't worth living— "
"Tut, tuti Death Isn't, eltherr
Mauburn felt the rock foundations of
Manhattan Island to be crumbling to dust.
For an hour he eat staring at the mes
sage. He did not talk to himself once.
Then he hurriedly dressed, took the note
and the cablegram, and sought Mrs. Drel
mer.
"My son can do anything he makes up
his mind to." dedared Mrs. Bines— "Just
anything he lays out to do."
They talked until late Into the night of
what he should "lay out" to do.
Meantime the Btronehold of Mauburn's
optimism was being desperately stormed.
In an evening paper he had read of Per
cival's losses. The afternoon press of
New York is not apt to understate the
facts of a given case. The account Mau
burn read stated that the young Western
millionaire had beggared his family.
Mauburn had gone to his room to be
alone with this bitter news. He had be
gun to face it when Psyche's note of re
lease came. While he was adjusting this
development another knock came on his
door. It was the tame maid who had
brought Psyche's note. This time she
brought what ha saw to be a cablegram.
"Excuse me, Mr. Mauburn.— now this
came early to-day and you wasn't in your
room, and when you came in Mrs. Fer
guson forgot it till Just now."
He tore open the envelope and read:
"Male twins born to Lady Casselthorpe.
Mother and sons doing finely.
"HINKIE."
"'Taln't a natural appetite, though."
he warned them. "It's a kind of a mania
before I go all to pieces. I s'pose."
"'Nonsense! We'll have you all right
la a. week." eaid PerclvaL "Just remem
ber that I'm going to take care of you."
Uncle Peter had first declared that the
thought of food sickened him. Prevailed
upon at last by Mrs. Bines to taste the
*oup, he was eoon eating as those present
had of late rarely seen him eat.
••ye« — you're right, I7nol» Peter — I sup
pose It muit be done— but the poor fellow
really cares for me."
"Oh, of course." answered the old man.
"it'll fairly break his heart. You do it
Just tha samel"
She withdrew, and presently came back
with a note which she despatched to Mau
burn.
Perclval and his mother had continued
their dinner, the former shaking his head
between the Intervals of the old man's
lashings, and appearing to hold silent con
verse with himself.
This was an encouraging sign. It Is a
curious fact that peopla never talk to
themselves except triumphantly. In mo
ments of real despair we are inwardly
dumb. But observe the holders of imag
inary conversations. They are conquerors
to the last one. They administer sting
ing rebukes that leave the adversary
writhing. They rise to Alpine heights of
pure wisdom and power, leaving him to
flounder Ignobly in the mire of his own
fatuity. They achieve repartee the bril
liance of which dazzles him to contempti
ble silence. If statistics were at hand we
should doubtless learn that no man has
ever talked to himself eave by way of
demonstrating his own godlike superior
ity, and the tawdry Impotence of all ob
etades and opponents. Perclval talked to
himself and mentally lived the next five
years In a style that reduced Uncle Peter
to grudging but Imperative awe for his
superb gifts of administration. He bathed
In this Imaginary future as In the waters
of omnipotence. As time went on he
foresaw the shafts of Uncle Peter being
turned back upon him with such deadli
nes* that, by the time the roast came,
his breast was swelling with pity for that
6enile scoffer.
"First thing you'll do," said Unde
Peter, promptly, "you go write a letter
to that beau of your*n, tellln' him it's all
off. You don't want to let him be the one
to break It because you lost your money,
do you? You sign his release right this
minute."
old Mr. Chance went right off and left
you, that's what. I tell you, what some
folks need Is a breed of chances that'll'
Fiend without hitchin'."
Percival braced himself and began on
his coup.
"Never you mind, Unde Peter. You re
member what I told you."
"That takes a different man from what
you are. If your pa was alive now—"
"But what are we going to do?" cried
Psyche.
"Will he return West?"
"He will that— and the West Is the only
place fur him. He was gettin* bad notions
about his own country here from them
"I'm delighted to. hear it I've always
been taken with the chap; and I'm really
glad you read him correctly. It Beemed
to me you were taking a risk. It would
have broken the epirlt of most men."
"Well, you see, I knew the stock. It's
pushln', fightln' stock. My grandfather
fought his way west to Pennsylvania
when that country was wllder'n Africa,
and my father fought his way to Ohio
when that was the frontier. I seen some
hard times myself, and this boy's father
was a fighter, . too. So I -knew the boy
had it in him, all right. He's got his
faults, but they don't hurt him none."
"That ain't any name fur it. Why, he's
actin* this mornin* Jest like the world's
his oyster — and every month had an 'r*
in it at that."
' "Not its relative significance, Mr. Shep
ler—It's plain damned insignificance, if
you'll excuse the word. If that boyM
gone on he'd 'a' been one of what Billy
Brue calls them high-collared Clarences
no good fur anything but to spend money
and get apoplexy or worse by 40. As it Is
now. he'll be a man. He's got his health
turped on like a steam radiator, he's full
of responsibility and he's really long
headed."
"How did he take the loss?"
"He acted Jest like a healthy baby does
when you take one toy away from him.
He cries a minute, then forgets all about
It and grabs up something els* to play
with. His other toy was bad. What he's
playln* with now will do him a lot of
pood."
"He's not discouraged then— he's really
hopeful?"
swelled up good and plenty."
"Well, I'm glad it's over, Mr. Bines. Ot
course, I concede the relative sigiuuu*Jiiw»
of money to a young man of his quali
ties " •
well to ease up a little after he's out
there? You might let it be understood
that I am willing to finance any of -those
propositions there liberally—"
"No, no— that ain't the way to handle
him. Say, I don't expect to quit cusstn*
him fur another thirty days yet. I want
him to think he ain't got a friend on
earth but himnelf. Why, I'd have made
this play Just as I have done. Mr. Shep
ler, if there hadn't been a chance to get
back a cent of it— if we'd had to go plumb
broke— back to the West in an emigrant
car. with bologna and crackers to eat,
that's what I'd have done. No, sir: no
help fur him!"
"Aren't you a little hard on him?" '
"Not a bit; don't I know the stock, and
know Just what he needs? Most men
you couldn't treat as I'm treating him:
but with him, the harder you bear down
on him the more you'll get out of him.
That was the way with his pa— he was
a different man after things got to com
ln' too easy fur him. This fellow, the way
I'm treatln' him. will keep his head even
after he gets things comin' easy again,
or I miss my gruess. He thinks I despise
him now. If you told him I was proud of
him I almost believe you could get a bet
out of him, sick as he is of gamblin'."
."Has he suspected anything?"
"Sure not! Why, he Just, thanked me
about an hour ago fur savin' him— made
me shake hands with him— and I could
see the tears back in his eyes."
The old man chuckled.
"It was like Len Carey's Nigger Jim.
Len had Jim set apart on the plantation
fur his own nigrer. They fished and went
huntln* and swlmmln' together. One day
they'd been swlmmin' and was lyin" up on
the bank. Len got thinkln' he'd never
seen any one drown. He knew Jim
couldn't swim a lick, so he thought he'd
have Jim go drown. He says to him,
•Jim. go Jump off that rock there.' That
was where the deep hole was. Jim was
scar't, but he- had to go. After he'd gone
"He knows something about that one.
all right, if he knows she. wouldn't have
any use for me now. Shepler's coming on
with the ladles. I feel quite hopeful
about him."
"Well, son, I ain't no ways alarmed
but what you'll soon be on your feet
again in that respect— say by next Tues
day or Wednesday. I wish the money
was comln" back as easy."
"Well, there are girls in Montana City."
"You could no worse. That reminds me
—I happened to meet Shepler to-day and
he got kind of confidential— talkin* over
matters. He said he'd never really felt
sure about the affections of a cer
tain young woman, especially after
that night at the Oldakers'— he'd
never felt sure of her until you
went broke. He said you never could
know anything about a woman— not
really."
"Well." said Uncle Peter to Percival
later in the evening, "Pish has done bet
ter than you have here. It's a pity you
didn't pick out some good sensible girl
and marry her In the midst of your other
doings."
"I couldn't find one that licked cats. I
saw a lot that suited every other way,
but I always said to myself, 'Remember
Uncle Peter's warning!' so I'd go to an
animal store and get a basket of kittens
and take them around, and not one of the
dozen stood your test. Of course, I'd
never disregard your advice."
• "Hum," remarked Uncle Peter, In a
tone to be noticed for its extreme dry
ness. "Too bad, though— you certainly
need a wife to take the conceit out of
you."
"I lost in the Street, along with the
rest." .
"You shouldn't," she reassured him.
"That's only Uncle Peter's way of saying 1
you can 'help the others, even If you can't
do much yourself at first. And won't
Mrs. Drelmer be delighted to know it's
all settled?"
"Well, come on! If yotr can't skin your
self: you can hold a leg. while somebody
else skins. But you ain't met my ex
pectations, I'll say that." And he shook
hands cordially. with the Englishman.
"I say, you know," said Mauburn later
to Psyche, "why should I skin myself?
Why should I be skinned at all, you
know?"
"Fact! Say, It must have been an aw
ful blow to him when h» found sis
'wouldn't think of him at all without his
title, even if she was broke. They had
a stormy time of it from all I can hear.
He said he was strong enough to work
and all that, and since he'd cared for her
and not for her money it was low down
of her to throw him over; then she said
¦he wouldn't leave her mother and us,
now that we might need her, not for him
or any other man— and he said that only
made him love her all the more, and then
he got chesty and said he was Just as
good as any American, even if he never
would have a title; so pretty soon they
got kind of Interested in each other again
and by the time I came home It was all
over. They ratified the preliminary agree
ment for a merger."
"Well, I snum!"
"That's right, go ahead and snum. I'd
snum myself if I knew how— it knocked
me. Better come upstairs and congrat
ulate the happy couple." . ,
"Shoo, now! I certainly am mighty
disappointed in that fellow. Still he Is well
spotted, and, them freckles mean iron in
the blood. Maybe we' can develop him
along with the other properties."
They found Psyche already radiant,
though showing about her eyes traces of
the storm's devastations. Mauburn was
looking happy; also defiant and stub
born.
"Mr. Bines." he said to Uncle Peter, "I
hope you'll side with me. I »now some
thing about horses, and I've nearly a
thousand pounds that I'll be glad to put
In with you out there if you can make a
place for me."
The old man looked him over quizzical
ly. Psyche put her arm through Mau
burn's.. ;¦'--- ¦¦»¦'¦
"I'd have to marry some one, you
know, Uncle Peter!"
"Don't apologize. Pish. There's room
for men that can work out there, Mr.
Mauburn, but there ain't any vintages or
trouserings to speak of, and ' the hours
is long."
'Try me. Mr. Bines!"
"Get out!"
of an alliance with Mrs. Wybert, when
the fortunte should be lost, had. after all,
been an incident— a means of showing the
girl,' If she should prove to be too deeply
Infatuated with Mauburn for her own
peace of mlnd-rhow unworthy and mer
cenary he was; for he had meant, in that
event, to disillusion her by disclosing
something of Mrs. Wyberfs history— the
woman Mauburn should prefer to her.
He still c6unted confidently on the loss
of the fortune suffldng to break the
match.
When he reached the HIghtower that
night for dinner, he found Perclval down
stairs in great glee over what he con
ceived to be a funny situation.
"Don't ask me. Uncle Peter. I couldn't
get it straight: but as near as I could
make out, Mauburn came up here afraid
the blow of losing him was going- to kill
sis with a broken heart, and sis wa3
afraid the blow was going to kill Mau
burn, because she wouldn't have married
him anyway, rich or poor, after he'd lost
the title. They found each other out
some way and then Mauburn accused her
of being heartless, of caring only for his
title, and she accused him of caring only
for her money, and he insisted she ought
to marry him anyway, but she wouldn't
have it because of the twins—"
Uncle Peter rubbed his big brown hands
with the first signs of cheerfulness he had
permitted Perclval to detect In him.
"Good fur Pish— that's the way to take
down them conceited Britishers—"
"But then they went at matters again
from a new standpoint and the result is
they've made it up."
"What? Has them precious twin Cas
oelthorpes perished?"
"Not at all, both doing finely— haven't
even had colic— growing fast— probably
learned to say 'fancy, now/ by this time.
But Mauburn's going West with us if
we'll take him."
Perclval smiled as he resumed his walk
—smiled with all that bitter cynicism
which only youth may feel to Its full
polgnance. Yet, heartless as she was. he
recalled that while she talked to him he
had Imprinted an Imaginary kiss delib
erately upon her full scarlet lips. And
now, too, he was forced to confess that.
In spite of his very uncertain knowledge
about her, he would actually prefer to
have communicated it through the recog
nized physical media. He laughed again,
more cheerfully.
"The spring has got a strangle-hold
on my Judgment." he said to himself.
"Good-by, Mr. Bines."
"Good-by. young man." Shepler shook
hands with him cordially, "and the best
of luck to you out there. I shall hope to
hear good reports from you. And mind,
you're to look us up when you're In town
again. We shall always be glad to see
you. Good-by."
The accepted lover looked Miss Mllbrey
over with rather a complacent air— with
the unruffled confidence of assured pos
session. Perclval fancied there was a
look almost of regret in the girl's eyes..
"I'm afraid." said Shepler, "your annt
doesn't want to be kept waiting. And
she's already in a fever for fear you
won't prefer the necklace she Insist* you
ought to prefer."
"Tell Aunt Cornelia, please, that Z shall
be along In Just a moment."
"She's quite - Impatient, you knoTr,"
urged Shepler.
Perclval extended his hand.
"Good-by, Miss Mllbrey. Don't let ma
detain you. Sorry I shall not see you
again."
She gave him her hand uncertainly, aa
if she had still something to say, but
could find no words for it.
"And we're leaving for the country
ourselves. Papa and mamma co to-mor
row—and/ Mr. Bines, I should have liked
another' talk with you— I wish we were
dining at the Oldakers* again."
He observed Shepler strolling toward
them.
"I shall be staying with Aunt Cornelia
a few days after to-morrow."
Shepler came up.
"And I shall be leaving to-morrow,
Miss Mllbrey."
"Ah, Bines, glad to see you!"
"They can wait. Mr. Bines, I wonder
If you have quite a correct Idea of all
.New York people?*'
"Probably not; I've met so few, you
know "
"Well of course— but of those you've
met?"
"You can't know what my ideas are."
. "I wish we might have talked more—
I'm sure— when are you leaving?"
"I shall leave to-morrow."
"Surely, Mr. Bines, no one here could
think less of you. Indeed, I think more
of you. I think it's fine and big to go
back with such courage. Do you know, I
wish I were a man— I'd show them!"
"Really. Miss Mllbrey—" ,
He looked over her shoulder again and
saw that Shepler was waiting for her.
"I think your friends axe Impatient."
He looked over her shoulder, in where
Shepler and Mrs. Van Geist were Inspect
ing a tray of Jewels.
"Of course not Impertinent — very kind —
only I'm really not In need of any sym
pathy at all. You won't understand it;
but we don't care so much for money In
the West— for the loss of It— not so much
as you New Yorkers would. Besides we
can always make a plenty more."
The situation was. emphatically, not as
he had so often dreamed It when she
should marvel, perhaps regretfully, over
his superiority to her husband as a mon
ey-maker. His only relief was to belittle
the importance of his loss.
"Of course we've lost everything, al
most—but I've not been a bit downcast
about it. There's more where it came
from, and no end of fun going after It.
I'm looking forward to the adventures, I
can tell you. And every one will be glad
to see me there; they won't think the
less of me, I assure you, because I've
made a fluke here!"
She stood, flushed with pleasure, radi
ant In stuff of filmy pink, with little
flecks at her throat and waist of the first
tender green of new leaves. She was
unaffectedly delighted to see him.
"You are Miss Spring?" he said when
she had given him her hand, '"and you've
come into all your mother had that was
worth Inheriting, haven't you?"
"Mr. Bines, shall we not see you now?
I wanted so much to talk with you when
I heard everything. Would it be imperti
nent to say I sympathized with you?"
He would have passed on, but Miss
Mllbrey had seen him. and stood waiting
in the doorway while Shepler and Mrs.
Van Gelst went on into the store.
"Mr. Bines— I'm so glad!"
""All right. Uncle Peter— and I hope
I'll have a grandson that thinks as much
of it as I ,do of yours."
When they had gone he went back to
the work of final adjustment. He had the
help of Coplin. whom they had sent for.
With him ho was busy for a week. By
lucky sales of some of the securities that
had been hypothecated they managed to
save a little; but. on the whole. It was
what Percival described it, "a lovely au
topsy."
At last the vexatious work was finished,
and ho was free again. At th« end of th«
final day's work he left the office of Fouts
In Wall street and walked up Broadway.
He went slowly, enjoying; the freedom
from care. It was the afternoon of a day
when the first summer heat had been felt,
and as he loitered before shop windows or
walked slowly through that street where
all move quickly and most very hurried
ly, a welcome little breeze came up.
At Union Square, when he would have
taken a car to go the remainder of the
distance, he saw Shepler, accompanied
by Mrs. Van Geist and Miss Mllbrey,
alight from a victoria and enter a Jew
eler's.
"Take care of yourself," said Uncle
Peter at parting. "You know I ain't any
good any more, and you got a whole fam
ily, lncludin' an Englishman, dependln" on
you— we'll throw him on the town,
though. If he don't take out his first
papers the minute I get there."
His last shot from the rear platform
was:
"Change your name back to 'Pete,' son,
when you get west of Chicago. 'Taint
anything fancy, but it's a crackin' good
business name fur a hustlerl"
Percival saw them to the train.
in' up in Central Park some night and
took off right to the calaboose. I Just got
to get out again where you can feel the
wind blow and see a hundred miles and
don't have to dodge horseless horse care
every minute. It's a wonder one of 'em
ain't got me in this town. You come on
in the car, and do the style fur the fam
ily. One of them common Pullmans is
good enough fur Marthy and me. And
besides. I got to get Billy Brue back. He's
goln' plumb daft lookln* night and day
fur that man that -got his thirty dollars
and his breastpin, i-e says there'll b«
an ambulance backed up at the spot
where he meets him— makes no difference
if it's right on Fifth avenue. Billy's kind
of near-sighted at that, bo I'm mortal
afraid he'll make a mistake one of these
nights and take some, honest man's
money and trinkets away from him."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Concluded Next Week.
"I'm too restless to stay," dedared Un
cle Peter. "I declare, with spring all
greenln' up this way I'd be found camp-
But his persuasions were unavailing.
"I can't stand It another day," . said
Mrs. Bines, "and those letters keep com
ing in from poor suffering; people that
haven't heard the news."
"It's like starting West again to make
our fortune," said Uncle Peter. « He had
suffered himself to regaain something of
his old cheerfulness of manner. .
"I wish you two would wait until they
can get the car here, and go back with
me," said Perclval. "We can go back in
style even If we didn't save much more
than a getaway stake."
Uncle Peter and Mrs. Bines had now
determined to go, leaving Perclval to fol
low when he had closed his business af
fairs.
The BIneses, with the exception of
Psyche, were at breakfast a week later.
Miss Bines had been missing since the
day that Mr. and Mrs. Cecil G. H. Mau
burn had left for Montana City to put
the Bines home in order.
CHAPTER XXXVIL
folks that's always crackin ' up the
'other side* 'slf there wa'n't any 'this
side* worth speakin* of In company. * This
was no place fur him. Mr. Shepler,
this whole country is God's country. I
don't talk much about them things, but
I believe in God— a man has to if he
lives so much alone in them wild places
as I have — and I believe tnis country is
his favorite. I believe he set it apart fur
great works. The history of ttie United
States bears me out so fur. And I didn't
want any of my etoc : growln' up with
out feelin' that he had the best native
land on earth, and without' bein' ready
to fight fur it at the drop of the hat.
And lest between you and me, I believe
we can raise that kind in the West bet
ter'n you can here in New York. You
got a fine, handsome town here: It's a
corkln' good place to see— and get ' out of
—but it ain't any breedln* place— there
ain't the room to grow. Now we produce
everything in the West, lncludin* , men.
Here you don't do anything but consume,
lncludin' men. If the West stopped pro
ducln' men fur you you'd be as bad off
as if it stopped producin' food. You can't
grow a big man on this Island any more
than you can grow wheat , out there on
Broadway. You're all right. You folks
have your uses. I ain't like one of these
crazy Populists that thinks you're rascals
and all like that: but my point is that
you don't get the fun out of life. You
don't get the big feelln's. Out in the
West they're the flesh and blood and
bone; and you people here, meanin'.no
disrespect— you're the dimples and wrin
kles and— the warts. You spend and gam
ble back and forth with that money we
raise and dig out of the.' ground, and
you think you're gettin' the best end of
It, but you ain't*: I found that out thirty
two years ago this spring. /I had a crazy
fool notion then to go back: there even
when I hadn't cone broke— and I dona
well to ro. And that's why I wanted
that bov back there. And that's why
I'm mighty proud of him, to see he's so
hot to go and take hold, like I knew he
would' be." v
"That's excellent Now, Mr.' Bines," I
like him and I dare say you've done the
best thin* for him, unusual as It was.
But don't grind him. Might It not bo
down once Len says to him. 'Drown now
you damn nigger!' and Jim come up and
went down twice more. Then Len begun
to think Jim was worth a good bit ol
money, and mebbe he'd be almighty wal
loped If the truth come out, so he dives
In after Jim and gets him to shore, and
after while he brought him to. Anyway,
he said Jim had already sure-enough
drowned as fur as there was any fun in
it. W«U, Len Carey is an old man now.
and Jim is an old white-headed nigger
still hangin' around the old place, and
when Len goes back there to visit his
relatives old Nigger Jim hunts him up
with tears In his eyes and thanks Mister
Leonard fur savin' his 'life that time.
Sty. I felt this mornin' like Len Carey
must feel them times when Jim's thank
ih' him."
Shepler laughed.
"You're a rare man. Mr. Bines. I'll hope
to have your cheerful.' easy views of life
if I ever lose my hold here In the Street.
I hope I'll have the old Bines philosophy
and the young Bines spirit. That reminds
me," he continued as Uncle Peter rose to
go, "we've been pretty confidential. Mr.
Bines, and I don't mind telling you I was
a bit afraid of that young mm until yes
terday. Oh| not on the stock proposition.
On another matter. You may have no
ticed that night at the Oldakers'— well,
women," Mr. Bines, are uncertain. I know
something about markets and the ways of
a dollar, but all I know about women is
that they're good to have. You can't
know any more about them, because they
don't know any more, themselves. Just
between us, now, I never felt any too sure
of a certain young woman's state of mind
until copper reached 61 and Union.Cord
age had been blown up from inside."
They parted with warm expressions of
good will, and Uncle Peter, In high spirits
at the success of his machinations, had
himself driven up town. . ,,;
The only point where his plans had failed
was In Mrs. Wybert' s refusal to" consider
Mauburn after the birth of the Cassel
thorpe twins. Yet he felt that matters. In
spite of this happening:, must go as he
wished them to. The Englishman— Uncle
Peter cherished the strong anti-British
sentiment ' peculiar . to ; his - ¦ generation
would surely, never inarry. a girl who. was
all but penniless,' and the consideration
Hs was ushered Into Bhepler's office af
ter a llttlo delay. The two men shook
hands warmly. Undo Peter was grinning
now with rare enjoyment — he who had In
the presence of the family shown naught
but broken age and utter despondency.
"You rough-housed the boy considerable
yesterday." .
"I never believed the fellow would hold
on." eald Shepler. "I'm sure you're right
In a way about the "West. There Isn't an
other man In this section who'd have
plunged as he did. Really, Me Bines, the
Street's never known anything like it.
Hero are those matters."
He handed the old man a dozen or so
certified checks on as many different
banks. Each check had many figures on
it Unde Peter placed them In his old
leather wallet.
"I knew he'd plunge," he said, taking
the chair proffered him, near Shepler's
desk. "I knew he was a natural born
plunger, and I knew that once he gets an
Idea In his head you can't blast It out;
makes no difference what he starts on
he'll play the string out. His pa was Jest
that way. Then, of course, he wasn't
used to money and he was ignorant of
this game, and he didn't realize what he
was doing. He sort of distrusted himself
along toward the last— but I kept him
"Me? 6hucks.no! I'm Jest a poor, bro
ken old man, now. I'm goln' down to th»
square IX I can walk that fur, and set
on a bench In the sun."
Uncle Peter did succeed In walking as
far as Madison Square. He walked, in
deed, with a step of amazing springiness
for a man of his years. But there, instead
of reposing In the sun. he entered a cab
and was driven to the Vandevere build-
Ing, where he sent In his name to Rulon
BheDlar.
Undo Peter next morning was up to a
late breakfast with the stricken family.
Perclval found him a trifle less bitter, but
not less convinced In his despair. The
young man himself had recovered his
eplrits wonderfully. The utter collapse of
the old man, always so reliant before,
had served to fire all hl3- latent energy.
He was now voluble with plans for the
future; not only determined to reassure
Uncle Peter that the family would be
provided for. but not a Uttle anxious to
Justify the old man's earlier praise and
refute his calumnies of the n'.ght before.
"You're right. Uncle Peter. It certainly
wasn't my game. Will you come down
with me?"
5It 2^— EA - PIERREP °NT: That, order for a carload of Spotless Snow Leaf from old Shorter is the
flixii S Kmd °* aclc ta * k * '^ e We can. stand a little more of the same kind of sassing. I have told
t ' 1C cas ' 1Icr t ' iat vou w '" draw thirty a week after this, and I want you to have a nice suit of
clothes made and send the bill to the old man. Get something that won't keep people guess-
J '" R vvllctllcr you follow the horses or do buck and wing dancing for a living. Your taste in
jg&jr^ggtjf clothes seems to be lasting longer than the rest of your college education. You looked like a
limJJ"" ii^jcagi young widow who had raised the second crop of daisies over the deceased when you were
in here last week.
Of course clothes don't make the man- but they make all of him except his hands and face during business
hours, and that's a pretty considerable area of the human animal. A dirty shirt may hide a pure heart, but it seldom
covers a clean skin. If you look as if you slept in your clothes, most people will jump at the conclusion that you
have, and you. will never get to know them well enough to explain that your head is so full of noble thoughts that
you haven't time to bother with the dandruff on your shoulders. And if you wear blue and white striped pants
and a red necktie you will find it difficult to get close enough to a deacon to be invited to say grace at his table,
even if you never play for anything except coffee or beans.
Appearances are deceitful. I know, but so long as they are, there's nothing like having them deceive for us
instead of against us. I've seen a ten-cent shave and a five-cent shine get a thousand-dollar job, and a cigarette
and a pint of champagne knock the bottom out of a million-dollar pork corner. Four or five years ago little Jim
Jackson had the bears in provision pit hibernating and living on their own fat till one morning, the day after he had
run the price' of mess pork up to twenty dollars and nailed it there, some one saw him drinking " a small bottle
just before he. went on 'Change; and told it round among the brokers on the floor. . The bears thought
Jim must have had bad news to be bracing up at that time in the morning, so they perked up and everlastingly
sold the mess pork market down through the bottom of the pit to solid earth. There wasn't even a grease spot left
of that corner when they got through. As it happened, Jim. hadn't had any bad news; he just took the drink
because he felt pretty good and things were coming his way. ' -
ii«h*r. Fr SIitn^M e « r « frOm * Ecl ?" M &<le Merchant to Hla Eon," by George Horace Lorimer, By permission of Small, Maynard & Co.. Pub
iisners, uoaton, Mass. . -..., -,
CLCTHES-This Is -the' Sixth of These Famous "Letters
From a Self-Made-. Merchant to Mis Son."
PASTELS IN PORK.
f> c^j^-_^a^>j| IEN Mrs. John Henry Benedict en-
V^Qt&S&rt" & 1( -' r c>l into what the ministers and di •
I -fwt/V I %<:>rcc l aw >ers agree in calling the holy
ita/i»i//B Ut utlCcrtam £talc °f matrimony she
r.i^w$"wv^§i was ' :1 "- P rc l» are d to deal with the sit
l^-jl&^Mlz^Q uat ' on - She would be gentle, but firm.
' tm fc 7 """ 1 "i"i*-*i A long course of study of the
works of Lillian Bell, the late Mary ,
Jane Xanthippe and other .classic authors had fitted ,
her to deal with the common or garden husband
in a manner that should be an example to all her
suffering sisters. In the first place her husband
should have no secrets from' her; that was the first'
and great commandment. In the second place he should
be duly landed at the family fireside by 6 o'clock every <
evening; a special dispensation for a run around the block '
after dinner might be granted in case of unusual need, but ',
10 o'clock at the outside should see him sitting in the shade \
ol his own vine and hat tree. (
If he desired amusement a simple little game of back- \
gammon with a small lunch of Chocolate and wafers . was ,
recommended by the best authorities as calculated to an- .
swer all requirements. If he yearned for more elaborate
dissipation an occasional icecream jag at a Sunday-school '
sociable or a street car ride into the country on a Sunday '
afternoon might be allowed, but never without his running |
mate to set the pace for him. Her idea of the management
of the exchequer was that John Henry should turn over
his little yellow envelope to her every Saturday night, with
a rebate of $3 75 for carfare and lunch.
For the first month or two after the setting of the hon
eymoon John Henry showed no signs of kicking over the
traces or even pulling on the bit. In fact, he was about the
most docile family animal that could have been found in
any stable. Mrs. J. H. was sure that she had struck pay
dirt on the first try, and she even began to block out an
essay for the next meeting of the Association for the Sup
pression of Husbands showing how she did the trick. But
one sad day her plans were badly mangled; John Henry tele
phoned up that a friend from the West had dropped in on
him and that he would be at the office late talking business.
The friend from the West was a new card to her. and she
faintly suspected a cold deck, especially when hubby trun
dled in about an hour on the wrong side of midnight and
tried to bring the banisters upstairs with him.
After the friend from the West had evaporated John
Henry stayed quietly on the reservation for a few weeks
until the longing came upon him once more for the festive
highball when it is high, and even for a certain festive little
game thafis also likely to be high, and he prepared to sally
forth to meet another friend at the club. This time Mrs.
J. H. put her foot down and J. H. was under it. He
was informed in accents that were calm but painfully firm '
that the modern conception of a happy home required that
the alleged head of the house should be making g!ad the
household with his presence every blessed evening.
Being a man and therefore of a sweet,- reasonable disposi
tion — also realizing that the only way to avoid- being beaten
in an argument with a woman is to keep out of the argu
ment — John Henry surrendered with all on board and swore
that he would never venture outside the house without a
nurse, so help him, Brigham Young.
\ ipagMMgwr F we could only round off the corners
HT/£^j|p§^rj and smooth down the protuberances
fl Ys® if^V?f I ot our fellow-men what a nice, easy
¦ •N^H 3^^* wor ld this would be to live in. So
J?it(ff a^)l\ many of our companions and acquain
&ii&yM^j\i\{ tances are so delightful up to a certain
j P^ 1 -^—^h^-— '. point that we grieve because they lack
I the one thing more that would make
i them entirely satisfactory and congenial. That minister who
, preaches such superb sermons — if he only would come out
1 of his shell when he is in society and show us the human
, side that we know he has. That neighbor who drops in
every day or two — she's a very intelligent and interesting
woman, but if she only wouldn't stay quite so long. That
grocery clerk who persists in whistling **Mr. Dooley" every
time he comes up the walk to take the daily order— why
can't he be a little less boisterous?
Behind all this sort of criticism of those with whom we
have to do more or less constantly there is a fair measure
of justice and often of righteous indignation. But there arc
certain counter considerations. In the first place it is selfish
and risky business to erect one's own tastes and preferences
as the standard to which one would have all his fellow mor
tals in their various spheres of activity attain.
Who are you that you should aspire to be the norm for
your equals, not to say your betters? If you could once
succeed in inducing those about you to cherish exactly the
same feelings and interests which you cultivate, what a
monotonous world you would live in forever afterward. I
can't imagine anything much more trying, not to say nau
seating, than to find duplicates of myself wherever I went.
One such parson as I is amply sufficient for my community.
The charm and the zest of life arise from the fact that no
two persons are cast in the same mold. I know some peo
ple who tire occasionally of their children because they
are so much like themselves, because they see in them the
reappearance of their own weaknesses and foibles. So when
you are prone to lament the defects of others just analyze
sharply your desire to have them different from what they
are and find out if it is not at bottom a selfish yearning.
... Then again we must rememLer that while we might
like a certain individual if he were just a little different in
this particular or that." other people may like him just be
cause of this peculiarity. Not everybody likes to have his
minister come up and slap him on the back and say.
'Hullo, old man." That whistling of your grocer's clerk
that bores you so may be to some otl.or housewives on the
street a pleasant bugle call to the duties of the day. Of
course I am not talking now about radical faults and vices
of character, but about idyiosyncrasies and mannerisms of
a good many people we know.
1 Probably all the while you are wishing that John or
Jane were just a little different John or Jane or somebody
else 11 wishing that you were different, too. The truth is,
you would be a more admirable person. In fact, you would
be almost perfect if you would overcome that little habit
of forgetfulness or cynicism or vanity or if you would take
yourself seriously in hand at some other weak point of your
Meanwhile the simple lesson for this Sunday morning
is this: Let us value our friends and acquaintances for what
they are and not be forever sorrowing over what they are
not.
By the Parson.
FABLES FOR THE
FOOLISH
By Nicholas Nemo.
IF PEOPLE WERE
DIFFERENT
By this time Mrs. J. H. was convinced that she had him
properly roped and branded. With a little care she would
soon have him so* domesticated that he could .tell the differ
ence between a lambrequin and an ordinary tidy, and he
might even become able to detect slight differences in
dress goods. In the course of time he might be real use
ful round the house. Every night she would trip him up
and tie him in a large Morris chair with his feet on a
hassock — whatever that is — and an adult copy of Bryce's
"American Commonwealth" under his nose. For it was in
the plot that a part of each evening should be given up to
mutual improvement. Hubby was inclined to the belief that
ten hours a day in an office with a typewriter at one hand
and a telephone at the other and the head of the firm yelling
at him every fifteen minutes because he couldn't occupy two
positions in «pace at the same time was about all the im
provement that one man was entitled to. but being fairly
wise and likewise passing patient he held his peace in both
hands and said nothing.
As the days passed Mrs. J. H. noticed that John Henry
was not quite so appreciative of new gowns and fancy din
ners and other choice blessings of Providence as he had
been in the first blush of wedded bliss. At times he mani
fested a desire to make suggestions as to the proper way to
broil a steak, and even showed symptoms of an idea about
the correct way to trim a hat or to perform the toilet for a
lettuce salad.
Then she lifted her eyes and cast them carefully around
the neighborhood to see how other women were solving the
puzzle. Much to her surprise she discovered that the pres
ident of the Association for the Suppression of Husbands
allowed her better half to' go to the club whenever the fit
seized him. and if it didn't seize him often enough she was
likely to do something to bring it on. Other women whom
she knew to be possessed of very advanced views on the
care of husbands seemed perfectly content to let the partners
Meanwhile Mrs. J. II. has discovered the happy truth.
which all wise women tumble over in the fullness of time.
that the way to show a husband that there is no place like
home is to let him go round to some of the other places.
— Copyright, 1003. by Albert Britt.
of their joys and sorrows go out ever and anon, if not
oftener. and mingle with their fellow-men without being
chaperoned by an alarm clock or a pedometer.
When she had looked her fill she went home and took
two or three long thinks. Could she have been playing a
lone hand against the universe in her treatment of John
Henry? Just as a flyer she suggested one night that he
seemed to be in need of fresh air. When the aforesaid John
Henry recovered from the shock he gathered in his hat with
the faraway expression of a man who has found a pocket
book on the street and wants to make every one believe that
he dropped it himself and sneaked out into the circumam
bient atmosphere. When 'he came down late to breakfast
the next morning carrying his head as though it contained
something valuable she smiled sweetly and remarked that
it was a very warm morning. A few days later she cheer
fully agreed with him that he was looking run down and
that a fishing trip was what he needed to put him on his
feet again.
In divers and other ways he paid out the line so fast
that he actually began to wonder if he were really
hooked. If he wanted to stay at home of an evening she
was sure to think of a place just around the corner where
there was something on the ice. and he generally went out
to help take it gf[. For six thirsty, headachy months Mr*.
J, H. made the poor man go the rounds so often that he'
hardly knew how his own home looked. Strong drink be- <
came a drug on the market with him and he would bolt at (
the sight of a pile of chips in a lumber-yard. The old days
of backgammon and icecream debauches seemed like a (
dream of vouthful innocence. <
In the Father Hecker case the attack on American Catholics was made by Frenchmen instead of Germans. Father
Hecker was one of the celebrated Bound Brook colonists, who. it will be remembered, included among their members
George William Curtis and Charles Dana. He was a Protestant, but became a Catholic and a priest and founded
the order of Paulists, whose house in this city is connected with old St. Mary's Church on California street. A life
of Father Hecker had been written by one of his brethren and a copy of it fell into the hands of some French clergy
man, who evidently had not a very clear knowledge of the English language, but who- nevertheless undertook to
translate the work into French. The French version was very violently attacked by some French writers for its
unsound theological theories, which they denounced as "Americanisms." Th« matter was called to the attention of
the Pope, who in a letter on the subject condemned the views as set forth in the French book, but intimated that
they were not to be considered in any way Americanisms, since the American Catholics were as sound and orthodox
as their critics. He took occasion to praise America and her institutions at the same time.
Of the assistance which the Pope gave this Government in the adjusting of numerous difficulties in Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines little need be said, since it is too recent to need repetition. It is worthy of remark,
however, that one of the last things he did was to appoint American-born Bishops as the successors to the Spanish
Bishops in the islands, and 'his representative is now busy adjusting the friar and church land difficulty at Manila.
It may also be mentioned in this connection that a special college is to be— and perhaps has been— established at New
Orleans especially tOAtrain American priests for the missions in the new possessions of the United States.
Besides these more important matters Leo XIII has shown on numerous occasions his admiration for America
and Americans. One of his first pontifical acts was to establish through the Propaganda a system for the trial of
cases arising between the clergy and their Bishops. In order that there might be no need to appeal to Rome, an
expensive and slow process, he created, as'has been said, a resident delegate in this country, who resides at Wash
ington, and who is practically in niany respects an American Pope. In school matters, while he has never ceased to
insist on the importance of a Christian education, he has never indorsed, either personally or through his delegate, the
extremists, but has declared that church and state should aid each other in the education of youth, and that a way
can be found to satisfy the demands of both. Mgr. Satolli, for instance, it may be mentioned, visited the schools in
Minnesota which were under the so-called Faribault system — that is to say, which were owned and built by the Catho
lics, but were under the control of the public school authorities, religious instruction being given after school hours.
The papal delegate approved the plan,x and as all his acts were indorsed by the Pope, Leo evidently approved of the
scheme also.
The Catho*lic University at Washington, one of the great institutions of learning in the country, owes much to
his encouragement and approval.
At the World's Fair of 18Q.3 no exhibit attracted more attention than that sent at the special request of this Gov
ernment by the Pope, replete as it was with historical souvenirs of priceless value.
To an American, Dr. Frank G. Dossert, was accorded during the papal jubilee ten years ago the unique honor
of having a mass composed by him sung in St. Peter's on St. Joseph's day before a vast congregation. In the
whole history of the church such an honor had never been accorded any one except Italian composers. It was also
the first recognition of American musical genius in Europe. In congratulating the doctor after the services the Pope
said to him: "My love for America has grown with years. I hope to see Italy equally free and happy. I desire to
emphasize the fact that the church has been and is the patron of art and music and to encourage their srrowth in the
United States." - . JOHN F. CARRERE.
was the first delegate and was evidently directed by the Pope to carry out the same American policy, because he
decided every case brought before him against .Cahensleyism and forced Bishop Wigger of New Jersey and other Ger
man prelates to cease propagating those ideas and to re-establish English-speaking churches, which they had closed
in order to strengthen. neighboring German congregations.
Very few Protestant Americans know anything of this Cahensley movement, and many were the criticismsof the
Pope when he appointed a resident delegate in the United States, yet it is easy to see what an important service to
the social and political interests of the country the Pope performed when he insisted that all foreigners who came here
to live must be loyal, true, patriotic Americans, and must not attempt to introduce European languages and ideas in
the United States.
¦^Bas^acSs^j F the twenty odd Popes who have filled the chair of Peter since .Columbus discovered
>r55jSP^Sy?r?iJ America none have possessed more interest for the American people, irrespective of their relj
' Yb^^ 4^^&\) K' ous views, than Leo XIII. Although he never visited this country, and knew it consequently
"111 s-^^if * : ' on '-' k y w^ at l' e reac * an< * wnat ' 1C h ear^'' although he was an Italian by. birth and a European
/v&^-^^V' L)y C(^ ucat ' on anc * experience, Cardinal Gibbons, a native-born American, could not have better
5^?l§s3p5<sf understood the spirit of the constitution or the temper of the American people than he did. Leo
— **' z^-^-ij not only understood the government and people of this country better than' any European ruler
has ever done, but he so compfetcly absorbed its ideas, its sentiments and its principles that his administration of
his high office, even in dealing with European powers, was along American rather than European lines.
In reviewing his pontificate irom an American standpoint three principal events in his reign at once suggest
themselves as of vital importance to the United States: His refusal to indorse racial distinctions in . the church in
this country; his definition of true and false Americanism in the Father flecker case; and his hearty' co-operation
with the American Government in the reconstruction of the old Spanish colonies on American lines. .
There were many other and almost as important matters for America settled satisfactorily by Leo; as for in
stance his moderation in handling the school question, always a delicate matter; -his establishment, of ¦ a system ..for
the settling of disputes between the priests and Bishops, and his creation of a permanent legation in this country,
which in no way interferes with our policy of recognizing only de facto civil governments.
But the three first points are of particular importance, because if they had not been wisely, decisively and
quickly adjusted the results would not only have been disastrous for the church in this country, but -would have
proven a very serious impediment to the state in its complete assimulation of its foreign population — an -assimilation
so necessary* to its continued progress.
The first of these difficulties arose in this way: One Herr Cahensley, a German living in Ge/many. conceived
the idea, presumably, that that country had a corner on salvation and that the Lord would listen to no prayers said
in the English language if the prayer was by birth or descent not of an English-speaking nation. Accordingly he
sent a petition to the Pope asking him to order all Catholics in this country of European birth or parentage to'attend
only those churches where the sermons and instructions are in the native language of the immigrant, and that, fur
thermore, the children of immigrants should be forced to attend only schools taught in the foreign" tongue of the
parents; and that consequently so far as possible the new comer and his offspring be prevented from becoming Ameri
can in either sentiment, language or ideas. Singularly as it may seem, that foreign 'scheme was indorsed by some of
the foreign clergy in this country, but to their credit be it said by very few. The vast majority of the clergy, both
native and foreign, with Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland at their head, opposed it violently.
The plan of course was absurd on its face. It would have been impracticable, because the jurisdiction of each
Bishop (the Bishops were to be appointed according to Cahensley's idea by nationality and not by geographical lo
cation, and were to have jurisdiction only over those of their own nationality.) would have extended from New York
to San Francisco. There would have been as many dioceses in a given community as there were nationalities. In
New York or Chicago, for instance, there would have been English, Irish, French, German, Italian, etc.. Bishops,
each of whom would have bee'n kept busy rushing from one end of the country to the other hunting up his flock. If
there were a marriage of two, different nationalities it would have required a judgment of Solomon to have decided
the claims of the rival Bishoos to the spiritual control of the children.
The Pope at once considered the Cahensley petition and treated it with less consideration than any petition
had ever received at the hands of the Papacy. He declared that the church knew no races; that it was the duty of
Catholics to be true and loyal citizens of the country where they lived, abiding by its laws, supporting its govern
ment and speaking its tongue. He praised America and its constitution, and intimated very clearly that the foreigner
who came here to live and was not in thought and deed loyal to the republic was not a good Catholic, whatever else he
might be. More than that — he had already indorsed and approved the regulations of the Third Plenary Council of
Baltimore, which directed that everv Catholic should be taught the catechism in English, and that as speedily as pos
sible that lnnguage should be used for sermons and instructions in this country. Tile Pope furthermore appointed a
legate or apostolic delegate to personally represent him in this country. The famous Mgr. Satolli, now a Cardinal,.
LEO XIII AN AMERICAN POPE
THE SUNDAY CALL.
6He prospered amazingly. Answers cam
;o him from furniture dealers on Fourt:
avenue and dairymen > up the State and
fruit' grower's ln v ! Delaware and factory -
workers in Massachusetts and electricians
in New Jersey and coal miners in Penn
sylvania and shopkeepers ¦ and physicians
and plumbers and undertakers In. towns
and 'cities .near and far. Every: morning
Ollmartln; telegraphed to scores of people
—at their expenae~-to sell, and to scores
in ten short minutes. Glla.rtln lest an!
- he had. He found it Impossible to pay for
his advertisements'. Th* telegraph' com
panies refused to accept! any more "col
lect" messages. This deprived Gllmartln
of his Income as a tipster.
Griggs had kept on speculating
-and 'had lost .all his money and
his wife's In a little deal in Iowa Midland.
, In New York City, last year
the surface .and elevated
lines carried about twice as
many passengers as wera
carried by all the steam rail
x 11 -'¦ Ways of United State*
combined. The numWr of passengers In
New York was above 1.200.000,000. of whom
the surface railways' carried about 80 per
cent Last year the people of $Jew York
paid out for' rides upon v the surface and
elevated lines the snug sum of S4S.000.000.
or about 4 one-eiffhth of the cross paasen
ger earnings of all the steam railways la
the c — * —
Purple Is th* predominat
ing color, then whit* and
yellow and blu* and pink di
viding honors. But few red
flowers war* seen. I have
traveled many miles, wher*
every foot of my way was
. one grand profusion of beau
tiful Cowers in many Varie
ties.
Reachlns; th* upp*r limits
•f th* aldan, great, waving
fields of th* purple lupin*
and dainty red columbine
covered acres and acres of
th* high, rolling hills. Among
them wild eelery and wild
parsnip grew many fe*t
high; and other luxuriant
foliage-plants gar* my rux
rdundlngs an almost , tropi
cal appearance. A little far
ther, many little ponds grew
beautiful, yellow lilies, with
their great leaves resting oa
the surface of the water, and
tfie purple Iris bordered th*
shores.
Still higher cam* th* yel
low sun-flowers, whit* and
purple daisies In endless)
fields, and, higher yet, vio
lets, pinks, forget-me-nots,
buttercups and bluebells and
dozens and dozens of dainty,
blossoming plants In many
colors.
r In Arctic Alasia.
To- undertake to glr* peo
ple a correct conception of
Arctlo America, or of any
part of 'It. Is difficult." Al
though they know that th*
country Is much larger than
the United Statas, they, look
upon it as being all alike— a
'country of Ions;, dark win
ters, fields of lo« and snow,
and barren wastes. In truth,
within Arctlo and sub-Aretla
America ther* Is much 41*
verslty of climate, ; writes)
Andrew J. Bton* in Scrl>
ner's. And In this beautiful
summer-land of Alaska ther*
are In midsummer endlass"
fields of beautiful plant life.
Many timas I have left my.
camp at th* foot of th*
mountains, and, passing
through a Uttls meadow,
where a variety of wild
grass** waved their tops
above my ¦ haad, I would
comm*nc* to climb among
th* dense, tangled and al
most tropical Jungle of al
ders, whsr* fr*w several t*-»
rletles of the most beautiful
ferns.
m
At length, falling to get enough clients
In the ticker district itself, Gllmartln was
forced to advertise In an afternoon paper,
six times a week, and in the Sunday edi
tion of one of the leading morning dailies.
The advertisements ran like this:
the Up. But not so Gllmartln, who
retorted, wltheringly.
"Well. I've often heard of folk that
you put Into good things and they
make money and afterward % ihey
coma to you and tell you how darned
smart they were to hit It right. But
they can't work that on me. I've got
witnesses."
"Witnesses?" echoed Smlthcrs,
looking cheap. He renumbered.
"Yes, wit-ness-es." mimicked Gil*
martin, scornfully. "I all but hud to
get on my knees to make you buy It.
And I told you when to sell It, too.
The Information came to me straight
from headquarters and you got the
uae of It. and now the least you can
do Is to give me J2500."
In the end* he accepted $800/ ;
It seemed as though the regenera
tion of Gilmartln had been achieved
when he changed his shabby raiment
fqr expensive clothes. He paid his
tradesmen's bills and moved into let
ter quarters. He spent his money as
though he had made millions. One week
after he had closed out the deal his
friends would have sworn Glimartin had
always been prosperous. He began to
speculate again, in the office of Fret
man's brokers. ,
At the end of the second month he had
lost not only the $1200 ha had deposited
with the firm, but an additional $250 he
had clven his wife and had been obliged
to "borrow" back from her, despite her
assurances thnf he would lose It. This
time the slump was really unexpected by
all, so that the loss of the second fortune
did not reflect on Gllmartln's ability as a
speculator, but on his luck. As a matter
of fact, he had been too careful and had
sinned from" overtlmidity at first, only to
plunge later and lose all.
As the result of much thought about his
losses, Gilmartln became a professional
tipster. To let others speculate for him
seemed the only sure way of winning. Ha
began by advising ten victims— he learned
in time to call them clients— to sell Steel
Rod preferred, each man 100 shares, and
to a second ten he urged the purchase of
the same quantity of the same stock. To
all he advised taking four ' points' profit.
Not all followed hla advice, but the seven
clients who sold It made between them
nearly $3000 over night. His percentage
amounted to $287 60. Six bought, and when
they lost he told them confidentially how
the treachery of a leading member of the
pool had obliged the pool managers to
withdraw their support from the stock
temporarily, whence the decline. They
grumbled, but he assured them that he
himself had lost nearly $1600 of his own.
For some months Gilmartin made- a fair
living, but business became very dull.
People learned to tight shy of his tips.
Had h« been able to make hla customers
alternate their winnings and losses he
might have kept his trade. But. for ex
ample, "Dave" Rosslter, in Stuart &
Sternjs office, stupidly received the wrong
tip elx times in succession. It wasn't Gll
martln's fault, but Rosslter's bad luck.
i
Btrange things happen in Wall Street.
Sometimes tips come true. It so proved
in this case. -Sharpe started the stock up
ward brilliantly — the movement became
historic . in the Street— and Pa. Cent,
soared dizzily and all the newspapers
talked of it and the public went mad over
it and it touched SO and 85 and 88 and
higher, and then , Gilmartin made his
brother-in-law sell out and Smithers and
Freeman. Their profits were: Griggs,
$3000; Smithers, $15,100; Freeman, $2760.
Gilmartin' made them give: htm a good
percentage. He . had no trouble with his
1 rother-ln-law, Gllmartln told him it was
an inviolable Wall Street custom, and so
Griggs paid with an air of much experi
ence in such matters. Freeman was more
or less , grateful. ~ But ' Smithers met Gil
martin and full of his good luck repeated
what he had told a dpzen men within an
hour: /;
"I did a dandy stroke the other day. Pa.
Cent, looked to me like higher prices, and
I bought a wad of it. I've cleaned up a
tidy sum." and be looked proud of his
own penetration. He really had forgotten
that it was Gilmartin who had given him
"I was there when the papers were
ftigned." Gllmartln said, hotly "I was go
ing to leave thn room, but Sam told me I
needn't. I can't tell you what it Is about;
really I can't. But he's simply going to
put the stock above par. Let me know
who is manipulating a stock, and. to h— I
with dividends and earnings. Them's my
sentiments," with a final hammering
nod, as if driving In a profound truth.
"Same here," assented Freeman, cor
dially. He was attacked on his vulnerable
side. • , ¦ ¦
"L"*.iarpe. The old boy sent for me. He
was in mighty good humor, too. Tick'ed
to death. He might well be— he's got 60.
000 shares of Pennsylvania Central. And
there's going to be from 60 to 60 points
prptlt !ri It."
"Huh." sniffed Freeman, skeptically, yet
Impressed by the change in Gilmartin's
attitude from the money-borrowing hu
mility of the previous week to the confi
dent tone of a man with a straight tip*
Sharpe was notoriously kind to his old
friends— rich or poor.
"You're Just the man I was looking for,"
said Gllmartln, who hadn't thought of the
young man at all.
"Are you a deputy sheriff?"
"No." A slight pause, for oratorical ef
fect. "I had a long talk with Sam to
day."
"What Sam?"
Shortly after he left Smithers he but
tonholed another acquaintance, a young
man who thought he knew Wall street,
and therefore had a hobby— manipulation.
No one could induce him to buy stocks by
telling him how well the companies were
doing, how bright the prospects, etc. That
was the bait for "suckers," not for clever
ycung stock operators. But any one, even
a stranger, who said that "they"— the per
ennially mysterious "they," the "big
men." the mighty "manipulators" whose
life was one prolonged conspiracy to pu'.l
the wool over the public's eyes— "they"
were poing to "Jack up" thes« or the
other shares, was welcomed, and his ad
vice acted upon. . i . ;
"You want to keep in touch with me."
said Gilmartin. "I'll tell you what .Sharp?
tells me. But you must keep it quiet,"
with a side wise nod that pledged Smith
ers to honorable secrecy.
Had Gllmartln met Sharpe face to face
he would not have known who was before
him.
In lees than five minutes Smithers was
so wrought up that he bought C00 shares
and promised solemnly not to "take his
profits," J. e., sell out, until Gilmartln
paid the word. Then they had another
drink and another look st the ticker.
••Why, when Sharpe makes up his mlrfd
tu put up a stock, Vs he Intends to do
with Pa. Cent., nothing on earth can stop
him. He told me he would make it croas
par within Eixty days. This Is no hear-
Eay, no tip. It's cold facts. I don't hear
It's .going up; I don't think it's going up;
1 know It's going up. Understand?"
"Yes. Sam Eharpe told"— Gllmartln was
on the point of saying a "friend of mine,"
but caught himself and went on impres
hlvely—"told me yesterday to buy Pa.
Cent., as he had accumulated his full line
ard was ready to whoop it up. And you
know what Sharpe is," he finished.
"Is that so?" nibbled Smithers. .
man's evident prosperity. H<5 felt ind!ff- •
nant at the ability of the o^her to buy
hundreds of shares. But the liquor
soothed him and in a burst of wild re
morse he told Smithers, after an appre
hensive look about him. as if he feared
some one might overhear: "I'll tell you
something on the dead q. t., for your own
benefit."
"Fire away!"
"Pa. Cent, is going 'way up."
"Yes*?" Eald Srnlthers. calmly.
"Yts; it will cross par, sure."
"L'mph!" between munches of a pretzel.
He became a Wall street "has been"
and could be seen daily on New street,
back of the Consolidated Exchange,
where the "put" and "call" brokers con
gregate. The tickers in the nearby sa
loons fed his gambler's appetite. , From
time to time luckier men took him into
the same betickered saloons, where he ate
st the free lunch counters and drank
beer and talked stocks and listened to the
lucky narratives with lips tremulous with
readiness to smile and grimace.
One day. In New street, he overheard a
very well known broker tell another that
Mr. Bharpe was "going to move up Penn
sylvania Central right away." The over
hearing of the conversation was a bit of
rare good luck that raised Gilmartin from
his sodden apathy and made him hasten
to his brother-in-law, who kept a grocery
etore In Brooklyn. He implored Griggs to
go to a broker and buy as much Pennsyl
vania Central as he could— that is. If he
wished to live In luxury tne rest of his
life. Sam Bharpe was going to put it up.
Also, he borrowed $10. ' . .
Griggs was tempted. He debated with
himself many hours, and at length yield
ed with misgivings. He took his savings
and bought 100 shares of Pennsylvania
Central at 64 and began to neglect his
business In order to study the financial
pages of the newspapers. Finally, he had
a telephone put In his little shop, to be
able to talk to his brokers.
QilmarUn, with the $10 he had bor
roved, promptly bought ten shares in a
bucket shop at 63%; the stock promptly
went to 62%; be was promptly "wiped,"
and the stock promptly went back to W&.
On the next dsy a fellow customer of
the Gilmartin of old days Invited him to
have a drink/ Gllmartln resented the
I-ater. it often came to pass that Gil
martin would borrow a few dollars, when
the customers were not trading actively.
The amounts he borrowed diminished by
reason of the increasing frequency of
their refusals. Finally, he was asked to
stay away from the office where once he
had been an honored and pampered cus
tomer.
When he returned to the broker's offlce
—the next day— he began to speculate in
the only way he could— vicariously. Smith,
for instance, who was long of 5jO St.
Paul at 125, took less interest in the deal
than did Gilmartin, who thenceforth as
siduously studjec^ the new slips .and
eought information on St. Paul all over
the street, listening thrillingly to tips and
rumors regarding the stock, suffering
keenly when the price declined, laughing
and chirruping blithely if the quotation.}
moved upward, exactly as though it were
his own stock. Indeed. In sorni* cases his
lnter*st was so poignant and his advice
so frequent— he would speak of our deal—
tr-st the lucky winner gave him a Bma.ll
share of hln spoils, which Gilmartin ac
cepted without hesitation— he was beyond
pride wounding by now— and promptly
used to back some miniature deal of his
own on the Consolidated Exchange, or
even In "Percy's"— a dingy bucket shop,
where they took orders for two shares of
etock on a margin of 1 per cent— that Is.
where a man could bet as little as two
dollars.
At first, after the fatal slump, Gilmar
tin importuned his brokers to let hm
speculate on credit in a small way. They
did. They were kindly enough men and
sincerely wished to help him. But luck
ran against him. With the obstinacy of
unsuperstltious gamblere. he insisted on
fighting fate. He was a bull In a bear
market; and the more he lost the more
he thought the inevitable "rally" in
prices was due. He bought in expectation
of it. and lost again and again until he
owed the brokers a greater sum than he
could possibly pay. and they refused point
blank to give him credit for another cent,
disregarding his \-ehement entreaties to
bu. a last hundred, just one more chance,
the last, because he would be sure to win.
And. of, course, the long expected hap
pened, and the market went up with a
rapidity that made the street blink; and
Gllmartln figured that, had not the brok
ers refused his last order, he would have
made enough to pay off the indebtedness
and have left in addition J2950. for he
would have "pyramided" on the way up.
He showed the brokers his figures accus
ir.gly. and they had some words about it
and he left the office almost tempted to
sue the firm for conspiracy with intent
to defraud.
days before the quotation board, gossiping
with those customers who had survived,
giving and receiving advice. And as time
passed the grip of Wall street on his
soul grew stronger until it strangled all
other aspirations. He could talk, think,
dream of nothing but stocks. He could
not read the newspapers without think
ing how the market would "take" the
news contained therein.
The atmosphere of the street, the odor
of speculation surrounded him on all
eldes, enveloped him like a fog, from
which the things of the outside world
appeared as though seen through a veil.
He lived in the district where men do
not say "Good-morning" on meeting one
another, but "How's the market?" or
when one asks "How do you feel?" re
ceives for an answer. "Bullish," or "Bear
ish," instead of a reply regarding the
state of health.
Of a sudden OUrnjurtla was In the midst
of bU old Ufa. H».uw all that ha had
been, all that he mlffht still b* And h«
was overwhelmed. He longed to rush to
his old associates,- to speak
to them, to ihake hands
with them, to b« the old OU
martin. He was about to
¦tep toward Jenkins, but
s t o p p • d abruptly. His
clothes w»re shabby and he
felt ashamed.
He turned on bis neel with
a sudden Impulse and walked
away from Maiden Une
quickly. All he thought now
¦was that he would not h*ve
them sea him In his plight.
As he walked .a great seme
-of loneliness eame over him.
He - was back In WaU
'street. . ; "
"If I could only buy somo
Cosmopolitan Traction I? he
said. Then .he walked for
lornly northward to the
treat bridge, on his way to
Brooklyn to eat with Qrlzo,
the ruined grocery man.
At first he felt raguely what tt mssmi.
It had grown «w*»™wt with ahswocsv
The clerks were coming out Jameson.
looking crustier than *varx nanny, sosaa
Inches taller, no longer an ofle» boy, bat
spick and span In a blu* serge suit and a
necktie of th* latest style, exhaling h**!ta
and correctness: Williamson, grown very
gray and showing on his face thirty y*ars
of routine; Baldwin, happy as of yvr* at
the ending of the day's work, and smtrrng
at the words of Jeoklns-OUmarttn's sno
cessor, who wore an air of authority, of
the habit of command which he had no*,
known In th* old days. -
He s*w It now very clearly. Every
or.e of his mistakes had been due to In
experience. He had Imagined that be
knew the market But It was only now
that ha really knew it, and . therefore
it was only now that he could reasonably
hope to succeed. Properly applied, this
wi&dow ought to mean much to him.
In t few weeks he was again tpendlng his
After the slump most of the customers
returned to iae"ir legitimate business. Gil
marun, after the first numbing shock,
jjitti to learn of Irish opportunities In the
crug business. But his heart was not
in ni« search. There as we shame of
ecmitsEing defest in Wall street so soon
after leaving Maiden lane: but far stcong
tt than this was the effect oi the poison
of gambling. A few lucky weeks In th*
ctock market would win him back all he
had lost— and more!
From 10 to 3 they stood before the
quotation board and watched «± quick
witted boy chaik the price changes, which
one cr another of the customers read
Blond from the :a;t as it tame from the
ticker. The higher stocks went the more
numerous the customers became. All
were winning, for all were buying stocks
In a bull market. Ufe to all of them was
gull cf joy. The very ticker sounded
mirthful And Gilmartin and the other
customers laughed heartily at the mildest
cf stories without even waiting for the
point of the Joke. They were all neophytes
at tbe great game.
When the slump came all were heavily
committed to the bull side. It was a bad
s'.urap. It was so unexpected— by the
lambs— that all of them said, very grave
ly. It came like a thunder-clap out of a
clear sky. While it lasted it was very
uncomfortable. Those same Joyous, win
ning stock gsrr.b'.trs, with beaming fact f,
of the week before, were fear-clutched,
losing ctock gamblers, with livid faces,
on what they afttrward tailed the day of
the panic It really was only a slump;
rather 6harper than usual. Too many
lambs had been over-speculating. The
« holesaJe dealers in securities— rnd inse
curities—held very littlt of their own
, wares, having sold ; ¦.• m to the Iambs
and wanted them back now— cheaper.
And so the fsst horses some h&d all but
' bought Joined the steam yachu others
almost had chartered. And the demollsher
cf dreams and dwelling was the ticker
that instead of golden jokes was now
clicking financial death.
Their own ruin, told in mournful num
bers by tbe little machine, fascinated
them. To be sure, poor Gilmartin said:
•'I've changed my mind about Newport.
I guess I'll spend the summer on my own
Hotel d* Hoof!" And he sxlnned: but
h* grinned alone. Wilson, the dry goods
man, who laughs so Joyously at every
body's Jokes, was now watching, as if
under a hypnotic spell, the Ups of the
man who sat on the high stool beside the
ticker and called out the prices to the
quotation boy. Brown, the siender, pale
faced rcan was outside in the hall pacing
to and fro.' All was lost, including honor.
Gllmartln came out fxom the office, saw
liroun and said, with eickly bravado:
•'1 held out as long as I could. But
they got my ducats. A sporting life comes
high, I tell you!"
but Brown did not heed him. and GU
rr.arlin puttied the elevator button 1m-
I atitntly ar.d cursed at the delay. He not
only had lost the "paper" profits be had
a* cumulated durin« the bull market, but
fcw bis savins*) of years had crumbled
au-ay beneath the strokes of the ticker
that diiv. * ¦
g him for his recklessness.
toastmastcr. He made a witty speech.
2£er*over, b* se«med sincerely sorry to
bid gooC-fcy to the man whose departure
meant promotion— which was the nicest
compliment cf alL And the other clerks—
eld Williamson, long since ambition proof,
and young Hardy, bitten ceaselessly by
It. ana" middle-aged Jameson, who knew
he could run the business much better
than Gilmartin. and Baldwin, who never
thought of business In or out of the cf
flo*—all told h?T hew good he had been
and how sorry they were he would no
longer be with them, but bow he was go-
Ing to do so much better by himself, and
they hop*d be would not "cut" them
when he cast tbam after he had become a
great m&lonair*. And Ollmartln felt bis
heart grow soft, and feelings not all of
happiness cam* over him.
Gllmartln had been eager to go to Wall
street But this leave-taking made him
sad. The old Gllmartln who had worked
with these men was no more and the new
Gilmartin felt sorry. He told them very
elraply he did not expect ever again to
tpend such pleasant years anywhere as at
the eld office. If he had his life to live
over again he would try really to deserve
all that they had said of him on this
evening. And be was very, very sorry to
leave them- "Very scrry, boys; very sor
ry. Very sorry!" he finished lamely, with
a wistful smile. He shook hands with
each man— a strong grip as though he
were about to go en a Journey from
which he might never return— and in his
heart cf hearts there was s new doubt of
the wisdom of going to Wall street. But
it was too late to draw back.
Everybody In the drug trade seemed to
think that Gilmartin was on the high road
to fortune. Those old business acquaint
ances and former competitors »hom he
happened to meet In the street cars or in
theater lobbies always spoke to him as to
. millionaire-to-be, in what they imagined
v. as correct Well-street Jargon. Their ef
irts made him smile with a sense of su
i. -Monty . at the same time thai their ad
i..j.-4!tion for his cieverr.tss made his soul
i irid joyously. Among his new fr;ends in
\.ali street also he found much to enjoy.
'I n- other customers— some of thtm very
viuLhy men— listened to his vitws re
t«ira.nj4 the market attentively. Th*
i . k^:e themselves treated him as <± "gojd
Ittt.^u. " They cajoled him into trading
. utti— every luO shares he boutfbt or sold
Luefint iii' iti to them— and whence won
iliiy praised his unerring discernment.
When he lost they soothed him by scold-
THE clerk* gave him a farewell din
ner. All were there, even the head
office boy. to whom the $2 subscrip
tion was no light matter. The man
who probably would succeed Gll
znartln as manager, Jenkins, acted as
(Copyright. IMS.)
"Alii right; I'm in,O quoted Ollmartin,
Jovially, and bought lfio shares of Oeifcaa
Gas at tlO jhmt share. Also he telegraph
ed to all his clients to plunge In the stock.
Xt fluctuated b*tw«an 184 and IM for a
fortnight Freeman dally asseverated
that "they" were accumulating th* stack.
But on* fin* day th* directors mat. agreed
that business was bad, and having sold
out most of their own holdings, decided to
reduce the dividend rate from I to I par
•ant Gotham Gas broke seventeen points
"On Information. I got it straight
from a director of the company. Look
here. Gllmartln, I'm pledged to secrecy.
But, for your own benefit, I'll Just tell
you to buy all the Gas you can possibly
carry. Th* deal Is on. I know that cer
tain papers were elgned last night, and
they are almost ready to spring It on th*
public They haven't got all the stock
they want. When they get it. took out
for fireworks."
Gilmartin did not percelv* any resem
blance between Freeman's tips and his
own. He said, hesitatingly, as though
ashamed of bia timidity:
* "The stock seems pretty high at ISO."
"You won't think so when It sells at Z50.
Gllmartln, I don't hear this; I don't think
It; I know ltl"
"What difference does it make what I
think r* sneered Freeman, with proud
humility. "I'm nobody." But ht looked
as If be did not agree with himself".
"What do you know?" pursued Gllmar
tln,' mollifying.
"I know enough to be long on Gotham
Gas. I lust bought 1000 shares at ISO."
He really had bought 100 only.
."What on?"
"What do you think of 'em?" He meant
stocks.
of others to buy the iuqi stocks. And he
claimed his commissions from the win
ners. %
Little by little his savings grew and
with them grew his desire t» speculate oa
his own account
H* met Freeman one day In one of his
dissatisfied moods. Out of politeness he
asked the young oynlo the universal query
cf the Street: .. ..'-t-v^*":, --" ¦''¦ ' ,<".
He had not even his carfare. Then he
remembered that he had not eaten stnc*
breakfast. It did him no good to remem
ber It now. He would have to get his din
ner from Qrlggs in Brooklyn.
"Why." Gllmartln told himself, wtti a
burst of curious self -contempt, "I emnt
even buy a cup of coffee I" .;• 7-
H* raised his head and looked about
him to find bow In significant a r**taarcxt
It was In which ha cottld sot boy wm a
cup »f ©offe*. He had reached sfsjdsm v
lane, As his glance ran up and €awm th«
north sld* of that attest It was uratti
by th* sljn: "> i-
All that Ollrnartln eould hop* to f«t from
him was an occasional Invitation to din
ner. Mrs. Gllmartln, after they wer» dis
possessed for non-payment of rent, left
her husband and went to llv* with a sis
tar tn Newark.
Hli clothes became shabby and hi*
meali lrr egul ar. But afway i la his heart,
as abldlns sji an Inventor* • faith In him
self, there dwelt the hope that some day,
somehow, ha would strike It rich In the
stock market.
One day he borrowed |8 from a man
who had mads five thousand In Cosmopol
itan, Traction.' The stock, th* man said,
had only begun to -go «P. and Qilmartln
believed It and bought fire shares In
"Percy's," his favorite bucket shop. T"h*
stock began to rise slowly, but steadily.
The next afternoon "Percy's** was raided.
Gllmartln Unbared about New street,
talking; with other customers of the raided
bucket shop, discussing whether or not It
was a "put up Job" of old Percy himself,
who. It was known, had been losing
money to the crowd for weeks past. On*
by one the victims went away and a'.
length Gllmartln left the. ticker district.
He walked slowly down Wall stx*« J. then
turned up William street, thinking •* his
.luck. 'I? \;>
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THE TIPSTER
7
vaxwsu* mxr.
WE MAKE MONEY
for our Investors , by the best system
ever devised. Deal with genuine expert*.
Two jnethod»-of operating — one specula-
live, the other Insures absolute safety.
, •> NOW
Is the lime to Invest in a c»rtnln stock
for ten points sure profit. Three- points
margin will carry It. Remember how
correct we have been on other stocks.
Take advantaca of this move..
IOWA MIDLAND.
Big movement coming , In this stock.
It's very .near at hand. Am waiting
dally ' for word. Will get It In time.
Hplendld opportunity to make big money.
It costs only a 2-cent stamp to write to
me.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Private secretary of banker and stock
operator of world- wide reputation has
valuable Information.. I don't wish your
money. Use your own broker. All I !
want Is a share of what you will surely
make If you follow my advice. \
WIl^L ADVANCE $40 PER" SHARE.
A fortune to be made In a railroad
stock. - Deal pending which win advance
same $40 per share, within three months.
Am In position. to ke«o Informed as to
developments and the operations of a
pooj. Parties who will carry for me 100
shares with a New York 8tock Exchange
house will receive the full benefit of In-
formation. Investment safe and sure.
\ Highest ,' references r Si ven. : . • , / , c : . . ¦> •THE SrND VY CALL.Sunday Call Women and Children's SectionInsets cf lace, insets of Mexican wheels
and insets of all kinds. Including little
Insets of hand painted taffeta, and hand
painted linen and lace..- . ¦¦ -,-.
A preponderance of trimmings vt%
small compared to th* rather large de
signs of last year.
How delightful It is to study the New
port gowns this season. Coming a* they
do directly from Paris, straight from
Vienna and by direct delivery ' from ,th*
leading dressmakers and designers of the
whole universe, they display not only the
present and prevailing modes. • but they
forecast those that are to come. Judg-
A wide full bust, profusely trimmed
.with lace or applique, tucking, hem
stitchlng or : other pretty needlework.
Bands of Insertion running across the
front to make the bust seem fuller, deep
er and wider,. In cut
A long shoulder line with the shoulder
seam cut low to give the shoulder slope.
Trimmings that project over the shoul
der such as lace collars, epaulets, silk
trimmings, cords and ends and embroid
ered shoulder caps.
Embroidery here, there and everywhere.
Wheels of silk and wheels of panne vel
vet are equally popular, some of them
overlaid with lace, others put on plain
like great eyes to stare at you naively
from th«. waist; Circles of . black velvet,
each circle buttonhole stitched. around tho
edge, are a~ feature of the French gowns.
These wheels. are. used, in all sorts of
decorative schemes and In all capacities.
They are admirable, whether as insets or
as* simple trimmings, or placed in points
of vantage upon a sown, forming th*
yoke of the waist or hips, or decorating
the. full waist pouch.
Ins from a morning's study of the hand
somest gowns for beach and piazza, on*
cannot help noting certain feature* a* pre
dominating over all the others.
Lace Wheels and Crocheted Sails.
One of. the most popular of trimmings
is the wheel trimming, which is seen upon
all the nice gowns of the season. Wheels
are done by the women of Mexico In
thread and are sent North and sold by
the dozen. They vary In size from a dim©
to a silver dollar and on up. to a few
as large as a butter plate.
embroidery a white cotton thread, rather
coarse and washable.
A etlll prettier shirt waist suit \% made
of blue, and the materials can be lawn,
Th* collar must open In th* back, where
It is fastened with small pearl buttons.
In the front It comes down to a long point
over tb* bust. Upon each shoulder it
terminates In a point, which projects over
the shoulders. All around the edge there
is an embroidered vine. It la thus a
square collar with points coming in the
middle of the front, the middle of the
back and low upon each shoulder.
The decoration of the square collar de
pends upon the taste of the owner.. And
in this respect the French modistes advise
the sort of embroidery which waa once In
vogue for the flannel petticoat of sacred
memory >. ¦ ';>¦:)', i , ( 4
Old-Fashioned Embroidery.; , '
The embroidered flannel - : petticoat ; has -
son* out, but that same style of embroi
dery which '¦¦ mad* ¦". th* ; petticoat £ an " old
fashioned work of art I* nowiplaeod upon
the square linen - collars ; which ¦' are . worn
around . th* • neck ' of th* , boll* \ of : th* sea- '
son. ' Nor Is on* f eatur* ; missing. There
Is the scalloped «dg* with It* embroidery;
there ' are th* " eyelet \ holes; % there is , th*
braided design, and ' there are the count
lees little knots and twirls and tiny leaves
which formed so Important a* part of the'
old fashioned embroidery pattern.'. ¦*•'<¦
The summer bell* must possess . the
eharm of fascination or she cannot hold
her belledom; and tho chief, attribute \%
found In her dress, which must be charm
%zz In every respect,, delightfully chosen,
beaatlf aily . fitted and appropriate at all
The ' most fashionable shoulder Is the
Oibsonlan shoulder;*' which Is ..very wide,
and, '.to ,.- secure ., It, th* I woman who f is
¦lender,' should : lay; plaits | upon >th* J front
of her waist, pointing toward the shoul
der line, and. If she be very. slim. Indeed,
she can lay one plait over the other so
as to make the shoulders still wider, for
1 1 U this broad effect which U so very
beautiful In a woman's drees.
If you . would . sain an Insight to th*
fashions of the summer Just take, a look
at ¦-_ the fashion w plate* . and ,' see ' how ad
mirably . they show" the best features of
summer wear. The distinguishing traits
of the summer gowns are these:
*vj Hip*, that fit snugly, whether -th* ; skirt
¦be plaited: or plain. ¦ ••-'•< ¦'/;--
A skirt that Is very long, sweep lerurth
being preferred. . • " * " * t;
A belt that la very wid* and eut to a
pointed girdle in the front
' A waist that bags over ¦ the . belt, mak
ing a full ; blouse In the '- middle - of the
front, while the sides and back are snug.
time* and in all place*. Without good
dressing she can hardly become a belle,
much less can she hold her belledom for
any length of time.
The summer belle get* her results this
year by the very most trivial methods
and you would be surprised— were you to
make a critical study of her dress— to see
how naturally and how simply she draw*
beauty out of her growns.
It Is the chief aim and ambition of the
summer girl to make the shoulders wide
and sloping and to narrow the size of her
hips. Anything that will do this Is eager
ly sought by her. for this Is the fashion
able figure of summer. \
Hips are fitted, until they cannot be
fitted any more closely, and the waist,
while not squeezed, Is drawn down and
flattened In the front to make it appear
smaller. The shoulder*, on the other
hand, are padded out, if the belle Is not
sufficiently broad, while the Ions slope of
the *houlders 1* encouraged. ; ; ;
The Common Styles).
The waist wa* a whit* ealffsa wttV a
very, deep white taffeta raffle arouad th*
low neck. The sleeve* ww» elbow *1**t**)
of chiffon terminating with 4*e? raffle*
at the elbow, also of chiffon, so thick
that they Inclosed the arms, trntt*.i of
falling free from the arm a* so "«"y of
the new elbow sleeve* are planned to do.
The bright particular feature of this
Sown was Us trimming, which consisted
of panne silk In a shade of turquois* bta*
shading a Terr little on the green. Lear**
of this blue panne war* eat out In little
branches, five leaves upon a branch, with
a delicate stem.
These were appllcraed trpon the whit*
taffeta In' a very neat way. on* almoct
touching the other, en til the whale gown
was trimmed with them. Tht offset **a
something Uks a brocada of . whit*> with
raised blue figures standing oat far upon
it, yet it was prettier than any brocade,
as the leaves were arranged m a sort
of pattern, pointing this war and that
way, go as best to set off the dsllcat*
slender figure of th* wearer.
¦ After all it Is the flgur* that counts.
If a woman Is stylishly built, carries her
self well and dresses In taste she looks
well. If she bo too stout, too dowdy, too
Indolent and too listless to preserve her
figure and hold herself well she can sever
be made to look nice no matter. If all
the modiste* of th* atven centers of th*
world were to work upon her. Women
spend too much tlm* looking up dress
patterns and too little. time studying tho
problem of how to make them up fash
ionably so as to bring out their own best
lines. psSSQwHP "IV
? unique feature, recently Introduced
at Newport, is that of combining lac* and
tassels. A lace flounce which was set
around a low neck was caught 'hero and
there with silk cords, which wero tied
Into. knots and from which hue g tasseled
ends. This mad* a new kind of trimming
and auite a pretty one.
'A. gown that mad* a l^mlttn tmmKna
wa* worn by th* Poeb— •€ Xastber
ough. It* foundation wa* whit* taffeta
with glazed surface. Its ikln m the
very plain skirt that flaXJ* gridsalty to
a sweep length, with hip* that fit a* mar
ly a* possible.
Gowmt&cfi H«w Qowa.
HOP DRESSES FOR THE BELLE OF THE SEASON
THIS is to be a great year for the
belle of the season! In the simplest
I ways she can get the most charm
f Ing results and effects, and the dl
rect result is that the size of her
wardrobe Is doubled, while its beauty Is
increased many fold.
At Saratoga's first garden party there
appeared a tall, pretty girl in a white
organdie, to exquisitely trimmed that it
might have passed for a French creation
made by hands that never grow weary.
Its foundation, which was entirely of or
r&ndie. was trimmed with lace which was
net In around the skirt in a. band twelve
Inches wide. Above this wide band of in
sertion there came an application of Mex
ican wheels, as large as trade dollar?,
and these were buttonholed to the goods
«t Intervals of a few inches. Above the
Mexican wheels there came trianjr'ies of
lace, which were set upon the skirt in
F::ch a way as to outline a hip yoke.
The wclft was similarly treated and a
wlfie white ribbon 6tock. with a ribbon
belt, completed the very pretty picture.
But the particular point of the story is
this: Under thle dress of organdie the
pretty girl wore a plsk muslin corset
cover and und^r the organdie skirt ehe
wore a pink taffeta petticoat, the pink
showing through the organdie In a very
pretty way. One could Imagine that a
bright buttercup yellow would have
looked still prettier and that blue, by
evening light, would have been seraphic.
Of course, the pretty girl had. In her
eutamer truck, half a dozen slips, and, of
course, she wor» them under the same
pbwn. getting always a pretty and a dif
ferent effect.
• The Newport belles have taken to em
broidery with a fervor that speaks omi
nously for their eyesight later on. On
en afternoon you can see them, seated
upon wide verandas or In cory corners
¦under the trees, hard at work embrolder
lr.gr«the fronts of shirt waist gowns. The
favorite color Is white and the favorite
linen, butcher's linen or any other of the
blue cotton wash stuffs. The pattern can
be perfectly plain, a well fitted gored
skirt and a cut on the shirt waist
pattern, with a little pouch over the belt
and with a pouch at the back of the
sleeves.
The very simplest styles, carried ou'. in
shirt waist putts, are as good as the elab
orate ones, for the gown depends more
upon its fit ajid its trimming than its ma
tcrraJ.
But. speaking of the "hop" gowns to be
worn by the belle of the season, rr.any
things are possible for her who is Indus
trious and full of taste. And no young
woman need despair, even though her
supply of gowns be limited to hair a
dozen for the e'ntire summer.
Evening Shirt Waist Suits.
One of the most becoming of hop
dresses is found in the tvenlng shirt
waist suit, which is made with two
waists, one high In the n^ek and the
other low. one very fancy and the other
rather plain. This gives the owner a
chance to make a change and provides
her with two dresses instead of one.
A Bar Harbor dancing g-irl appeared
In one of the loveliest evenin* dree*** of
the season. It* material was a fine white
linen and the skirt was plain, except for
a panel of narrow tucks down each side
of tht front. Then came the embroidery
scheme, which consisted of a little em
broidered vine running down each seam
and a large embroidered pattern upon the
front breadth.
The -waists, for ther* were two of
them, were made of linen and lace put
together in strips, with embroidery run
ning through all. One was cut rouniing
to give tht decollete effect. The other
was high, with a very clever lace stock
finishing the neck.
The belle of the season will want this
year a very wide embroidered collar, one
to be worn with any gown. And. to make
such a collar she will find it necessary
to cut out of brown paper a pattern that
will Just fit her neck and shoulders.
\
Bilk waists that fasten In the back are
prettily trimmed as to the front with silk
frogs that finish with ends and loops and
balls and queerly tied cotton and silk or
naments. These are very decorative and
If carried out In white are extremely dain
ty, giving a finishing touch to the waist.
And what a season It Is to be for the
woman who Is anxious fo transform her
wardrobe from time to tim* tato.some
thing new aAd attractive. And what a
season it Is for the summer! &«"• who
either keeps a maid or Is handy with her
own fingers. • . * «*
She can take her old shirt waists, a lit
tle shrunken, a little the won© for wear
and a great deal the wor** for sun an d
wind, and can cover the Jadod spots with
handsomely designed cord and tassel or
naments that hang as low as the waist
band and which dress up the gown uatU
it looks as though It wer* crisply new.
But for the most part the hanging trim
mings are shpwn.ln the handsome orna
ments that are used In place of buttons,
and you also see them upon the cuffs
and upon the collar,, wher* they «lv« •
finishing touch to the grown. -
When the fall cornea In you wH J** h< »*
corded ornament* used at the front ox
the belt in tie place of the buckle; you
¦ will •©• them flaiihlng the backs of
stocks; you will *e« them placed aloag
the upp*r part of flounce*, and yon wfll
se* them forming panel*, rut trimming*
and trimmings of every description, «**>
ts every possible way.
for they glv* that note of black wMA 1»
¦o much admired by the French. They
are used to outline the yoke or are set
above the skirt flare. V-.v-
Another very noticeable feature of the
mmmer dress and of the sowns that
will be worn next fall is the style of
trimming which for lack of a better de
scription may be called the 1 hanging trim
ming. And of the hanging trimmings It
might almost be said that. there Is no end.
The most conspicuous are the crocheted
drops which hang from frogs, from passe
menteries and from decorative ornament*
of all kinds. Including metallic buttons.
Tor the Handy Woman.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
iV . P"1 1 c^, |_ Next ¦
Of tflC - Pictorial E&ion - SillTldfis^y
Sdtith I Multi-colors 1 ££j| 'XVIII — INSTANTANEOUS . EXPOS
r - URES.
and when the plateholder is adjusted In
the same vertical position the exposure
will produce the picture in correct per
spective. This shows the necessity of us
ing a swing back to avoid this fault
which cannot otherwise be eliminated
with the hand camera that does not have
the swing back.
Don't— Photograph against the sun,
Don't— Pose a group - In the sun. If a
shaded spot is accessible.
Don't— Be in a hurry. Take time.
Don't— Become excited. Keep cooL i- 1
Don't— Draw a slide from the holder er
return one to It unless the holder Is cov
ered by a focusing cloth.
Don't— Stop your lens down toe much
on dark and cloudy days.
¦n Don't— Purchase second-hand cameras
when new ones can be obtained almost as
cheaply.
Don't— Purchase a camera or lens unless
the dealer allows you amplt opportunity
for testing the same.
Don't— Make two exposures ea eae
plate. '¦. -': ¦ -_
Don't— Leave your plate holder er lens
exposed to bright sunlight; it warps the
one and injures tne other; also fogs the
negative.
Don't— Receive Instruction from any on*
who cannot give authentic information.
Don't — Take films or plates on the ocean
or into damp climates unless protected by
tin* boxes, hermetically sealed.
Don't— Be discouraged over failures.
Don't— Believe all you hear about pho
tography, but rely on your own Judgment
and experience. -
Don't— Think that the best results are
only chance.
Don't— Taka a subject unless ths pose
or view is car. fully studied as to the best
effect.
Don't— Forget your red lamp when pecx-
• • • •
DON'TS FOR BEGINNERS.
All these details should be considered and
with care can be made to count In the
finished work.
WHY MY PHOTOGRAPHS ARE BAD
under the same conditions, then another
one of one and one-half seconds.
It would also answer, the same purpose
but be decidedly more economical to use
but one plate for this experiment, draw
ing out the slide covering the negative
plate only a third of the way and giving
this portion an exposure of one-half sec
ond. Then draw the slide out another
third of Its distance and expose one-half
second, thus giving an exposure of one
second to the first portion of the plate
uncovered. Finally remove the slide alto
cether and expose another half second;
you will thus have sectlred an exposure
one and one-half seconds for the 'first
• •••••••••»¦¦•¦¦••¦••« • • • •
third of tht plat*, an exposure of one sec
ond for the stcond third of the plate and
, an exposure of but one-half second for,
tbs third of ths plate. All this, of "course,
must be very carefully dons or your ex
periment will be a failure. . >
You now havs three exposures under
the same conditions. 'Develop them care-'
' fully, 'and should tht negative or that
' portion of it which has been given three
seconds appear as In . the Illustra
tion you > will , draw the conclu
sion that it has v been overexposed.
The various objects in ths ¦ picture '
will be well defined, as are,, ths
trees, ' bridge, ' etc, . in tht accompanying* .,
plate, and quit* sharp , when viewed
• —-¦¦¦ • / - -. <• .
. through a magnifying glass, atthoetfi the
w hole picture will have a dull ' and • hasy
| effect.
Of the two evils, over er undsr ex
posure, the former is to be preferred, -'for:
In that case you can restrain the strength
of the developer and save the rood quail-,
ties of the < negative; but • if ; ? underex
posed, there is . not much; hope for the
picture. 'S^SJl|3iiasP ' : •
I am fully cognisant of ¦ the fact ' that
. there are many formulas both for the in-.
tenslfl cation of ¦ underexposed ; plates ? and -
for * the - reduction of -- those overexposed,
but I claim that it Is far better to learn
, the • correct • exposure < and thus secure '
more uniformly ' satisfactory ; results ; both '¦
in full view upon the center of your cam
. era finder snap the shutter. : Hold the
camera firmly and do not hesitate or de
lay action for even' the hundredth part
of a second. >;;'• '
To obtain the best results in this class
of work, patience and experience are nec
essary.
Should the object taken move faster
than the speed of the camera shutter the
result on the" negative will be as shown
In illustration. The speed of the shutter
must exceed the speed of the subject pho
tographed. ;
Study the best effects,' even In Instanta
neous work; If it appears that the en
gineer of the passing train is about to
blow his whistle or make a signal, wait
as long as you can for the more artistic
picture. If I the subject Is a carriage in
-motion,* choose- the point of view which
presents the most attractive background.
ing your eamtra outfit for photographic
tours.
Don't— Forget to dust class plats* be
fore placing In plats-holder: otherwise
. the negative Is likely to show "dust
spots." . .
Don't— Keep photocrapfefta films «r
plates. In a damp ptsee
Don't— Forget to purchase ; films or
plates of one emulsion 'when possible.
Don't— Breathe when photographing.
If the camera rests against your body, as
you might thus move it out of position.
Don't— Thick you are perfect in your
work even If yon havs made s> number
of successful pictures. There Is always
much to be learned In the art of photog
raphy.
Don't— Promise pictures t© your friends,
unless you intend fulfilling the obliga
tion.
. Don't— Expect your camera to accom
plish more than you know.
It; Is 'caused by /wrong perspective, and
any, lens; will show, It regardless otthe
price— the wide angle lens even more than
others. , Any 'photograph of 'a' high build
ing, when taken from the ground, will
show this defect in the result, no matter
what lens is used, unless the camera- has
a swing back which enables the photogra
pher to adjust the ground glass to a ver
tical position. By examining the lmag*
in this vertical position it will be noticed
that the < image * is correctly ; portrayed.
This is one of the most exasperating
results that can come to the amateur pho
tographer. Often i the' picture Is 'correct
In every other respect; the focus is good,
the > exposure is • right, and the develop
ment is satisfactory.; Why then, after all,
ls'tha picture so disappointing? Why do
the trees.' buildings,' fences and other per
pendicular - objects • lean as if about - to
fall to 'the earth?.. . •' ;
XVII— PICTURES IV WHICH PERPEN
DICULAR : OBJECTS LEAN,. OR
HAVE THE APPEARANCE OF
-¦'* ' TOPPLING OVER.
'.' As a process of education. It. is well to
look upon a picture which has the fault
opposite to the one Just considered. In
the . underexposed . photograph shown In
the illustration you will < observe that
the details are not" sharply; defined as
In the. one printed from the overexposed
plate.- '.¦ i - '- .' :¦ ¦
An undertlmed picture has the appear
ance of . fo*— It has what' Is called a
"measly, look." This effect Is more • diffi
cult to -counteract than that . of overex
posurs; - and even when . every means to
Improve the! picture has been used it Is
nof satisfactory. ." • , :-
The amateur, should strive to learn tht
method I of correct exposure, and practice
It. Haphazard manipulation may succeed
In some .lines of work, but it Is rarely
successful.; in photography.
UNDEREXPOSED . PLATES.
In finish and In ths harmony of light and
shad* in ths negative, i;*\.<v
XIV.
PHOTOGRAPHING AGAINST THE
SON.
beginner frequently makes the
J mistake of photographing against
I the sun— that is placing the lens in
I such a position as to receive, either
M directly or indirectly, the rays of
the sun while exposure Is being made.
This produces a cloudy effect and epolls
the picture, as shown In Illustration.
Protect the lens by having the sun at
the back of the camera, or on one side
of it while photographing, the latter po
sition being preferable. If it is absolute
ly necessary to face the sun. shade the
lens from above by your hand or hat. I
have Been amateurs recklessly disregard
this rule— and in consequence produce
worthless picture*.
RETURNING SLIDE TO HOLDER
EDGEWISE.
When replacing the glide- In the plate
" bolder after exjx>sure Jbas been made, be
. careful to put it in squarely— not first In
serting the edge of the slide. The reason
for this is obvious. The plate-holder is
made with a. Email epring or door, as it
were, which closes quickly, when the
•slide is withdrawn, and fills the space al-
. lowed for It: thus you can readily see
that if you Insert the edge of the slide
first, in returning it to the holder, the
door or Faring is opened and light ad
mitted, thereby fogging or streaking the
plate, as in the illustration.
It would not matter fo much were the
elide not F-juaroly inserted in the holder.
If the camera was completely covered by
the focusing cloth; but in forming a habit
for correct working it is well to practice
the safe and careful way. You will thus
avoid possible error and insure the most
desirable results.
XV.
» OVEREXPOSED PLATES.
The correct time for exposing a negative
plate for both ir.door and outdoor work
has been one of the greatest stumbling
blocks to the amateur. Ecroes of times
have I been asked; "How do you deter
mine the proper time of exposure to mako
a successful picture?" '
A number of booklets have been issued
by makers of cameras and others, setting
forth the exact period required for the
exposure of plates under every imaginable
condition of light and shade, for both
landscapes and interiors; but these pam
phlets frequently prove very confusing.
The best instructor is your own Judg
ment combined with experience.
In my early days with the camera I
frequently experimented In exposing my
plates and- made a multitude of notes on
this Important subject. Now, however,
the correct exposure under the various
conditions of light is an instinctive
knowledge and I time my exposures much
as the expert "off hand shot" with rifle
or pistol fires at the mark without ap
pearing to take aim.
As his grasp of his gun decides the
#«adly aim of the trapper, so to the ex
perienced photographer the period of
time Is net a calculation, but 'an Instan
taneous conclusion acquired by long prac
tice. In my experience one of the surest
guides on this point has been the ground
glass of my camera. Regulate the dia
phragm or stop In your lens and when the
subject to be photographed Is reflected
on the ground glass note carefully the
degree of light and the time of exposure
and make a memorandum of the same for
future reference. Thas you will gradu
ally learn to compare and judge of the
respective times of exposure demanded by
the different degrees of light.
Suppose, for example, you make your
first experiment by placing In the holder
a plate that Is capable of very quick ex
posure. Tour lens Is of moderate speed,
the subject to be photographed Is a land
scape and the day i% clear and sunny.
Focus carefully with a magnifying glass,
place the stop No. 16 in the lens, note the
tight on the ground glass and remember
the degree of intensity. Give the plate
an exposure of one-half second.
Make another exposure of on* seccJnd
Copyright, 1902, by Geo. W. Jacobs &. Co.
THIS Is the third end last of a
•eries of articles by Charles M.
Taylor, the famous artist, trav
eler and lecturer, on the uses and
abases of photography, under the
catchy title, "Why My Photos Ax©
Bad," in which the talented writer,
"in memory of the many trials and
errors in photography," has "launch
ed this little volume on its career,
hoping it may aid the ambitious be
ginner and enable him to avoid tht
most common mistakes incident to
the first stages of photography."
11LE SUNDAY CALL.
Truly instantaneous photography Is one
of the most difficult branches of the art
of picture taking. It requires not only
a quick eye. but good as well as swift
Judgment, keen perception and a thor
ough knowledge of the details of photog
raphy. To these qualities should be add
ed coolness and deliberation enough to
snap the shutter at the proper moment
or rather fractional part of a second in
most cases. You should be neither too
slow nor too fast, or you will lose the
peculiar effect you desire to capture
An enthusiastic amateur attempted to
make an instantaneous photograph of a
locomotive and train of cars, which were
tearing along at the rate of a mile a
minute. He snapped the shutter, as ha
supposed, at the moment the train was
passing, but the plate, when developed,
revealed only a bare track, with no trace
of "the living engine and Its tail."
Do not stand too close to the scene or
object to be photographed. For Instance,
If you wish to make a picture of a train
of cars at full speed, take a position
fully a hundred and fifty feet distant,
and make your .exposure at an- oblique
angle, say forty-live to ninety degrees,
with the moving train coming towards
you. The distance scale of your camera
¦hould be set at 100 feet or the universal
focus. Contemplate the approaching
train, with calmness and when it appears
11
TENDER SENTIMENT IN MARVELOUS^
• If you fail to get this artistic masterpiece with your paper next Sunday, please register a vigorous complaint with your carrier right away. ,BUITD J&lTC ff A^^ttTHE SI ND \X CAM*
' The woman who Is the most popular
plans now and then to return a surprlye
by coming home with theater tickets for
all, or by discovering a quaint restaurant
that simply must be investigated as her
treat, or again she picks up a bit of cloth
at -" a bargain counter and tenders it as
such. These courtesies are not expensive
from a money point of v«ew. and consid
ering that your actual llylns Is not costing
you a sou, it is mighty cheap. One of the
lightest and easiest methods is to Invest
in some early fruit that Is a tempting lux
ury or to remember that flowers are al
ways suitable and pretty to have about.
If you will try this scheme you will find
that you will be repaid tenfold.
- There are a thousand and one ways in
which you can give your hostess to un
derstand that you' are interested in her
home and her family. I know one girl
who arrives Just as her friend was in the
depth of putting up fruit. What do you
think she did? Sit down and watch the
It has always seemed a trifle strange
that visitors expect to go scot free as far
as expenses. are concerned. By some
manner of means It has come to be the
custom that every cent of mlladl's ex
penses shall be defrayed by the hostes3
and very willing and glad is she to bear
them, excepting when you stay for
months at a time, and then It is not only
right, but It may become a positive drain
unless there is a .well- filled purse always
at hand ready to be dipped into.
In every home there are plenty, of odds
and ends that always require* attention.
Wee things, to be sure, but i'f a button Is
off it must b« replaced with another,
and while It takes but a minute a number
of such trifles means much to the busy
housewife, who more likely than not Is
planning what .to do next to please her
friend. "When you have a few spare n-ln
utes take the trouble to Inquire If there la
any mending to be done, and when doing
It make' It appear as tliough It was a gen
uine pleasure by being cheerful and
bright. ,
Shopping excursions are very apt to be
a terriWte bore, especially If you are but
an onlooker, but you know from expe- •
rlence that a gQwnmust be the exact col
or and material or It won't do at all. Get
It out of your "head In a hurry that your
friend fancies what pleases >ou and re
member that she Is purchasing with a
view of decorating herself and be wise
accordingly. Of course, you can say what
you Uke and what you dislike and make
all the suggestions that you deem best,
but It won't take you very long to dis
cover the lay of the land and then use a
bit of diplomacy and keep eloquently
•ilent. *
letters will keep as you are. A little del
icacy in this respect often makes a mark
ed difference In the cordiality of your
hostess, for she appreciates your thought
fulness and values it accordingly.
It is almost pathetic at times to watch
the maneuverlngs of a husband and wife
trying to get a word in edgewise without
a third party listening. Not even In the
seclusion of their own room are they
free and they are denied the privilege of
a little walk because It would never do
to be so rude, and in their own home,
too. Far better, say I, to take to the tall
timber entirely and stay there until your
guest studies the code of common polite
ness.
process from a distance? Not ¦£•. U*
went her sieves as Menu her hat and
coat were oft and she peeled peaches with
a^Jll. making light of the f <"«**reeab is
w£ii until the task was finished to half
the time to the tune of laughter and Jok
ing. That little girl is welcoznA a.^ *»^
time and any hour. By "howinar her will
ingness and eagerness to do all she could
and so make the best of an awkward sit
uation, sh© won the eternal sn*""** °f
the entire family. Instead of beta* a
hopeless hindrance «he proved *•"•«
a genuine help and her ready smile and
sunny presence brighten every boms
that It pleases her to enter, *-•¦-¦..
Of course It is not expected that a guest
shall be burdened with any amount of
labor. As a rule that la precisely ths
reason why people travel about from one
place to another. They want a rest and
a change and It most certainly is not a
rest to pitch In and do more work at a
friend's in a day than you would do to
a week at home. It is not the actual
task but the spirit that prompts the offer
ing that la appreciated.
One of the most unfortunats mistakes
that a guest can make is to |o to ths
theater without a latch key. It isn't
quite as bad if she thinks to ring up at
11 or so and ask that It be put in- the milk
pall or under the door mat. but to wait
until nearly 1 o'clock and then saunter In
perfectly unconcerned is about the limit.
It shows plainly what such a girl can be
thinking of, for selfishness is written in
capital letters all over her.
It is a very simple and a very easy
thing to forget a key. especially if you
are not in the habit of carrying one, but
that any one could so far forget herself
as to deliberately enjoy an after theater
supper when she knows full well that In
all probability some one Is waltln? for her
is beyond all understanding. It doesn't
seem to enter h« head that it is not the
most enjoyable thing In the world to be
robbed of one's sleep or to be waked in
the midst of it either for that matter.
The first cousin of the night hawk is
the fiend w.fco sings and plays the piano
when all swsible people are In the land
of Nod, or rather inwardly swearing and
tearing their hair because thev are not
there. The business man with bis count
less worries needs his rest and it is noth
ing more or less than a beastly shame for
him to be deprived of it nlgbt after night
and in such a heartless way.
Tact will almost carry you around the
globe but it never should be exercised to
such an extent as when you are one of
a small family. The very narrowness of
your confinement calls for every bit of
adroitness and knack that yoa possess.
If, however you are a clever and a long
headed girl you can make yourself so dear
to your visiting list that the entire family.
Including babies and all. will be impa
tiently waiting at the depot to receive you
with open arms.
No matter how good a friend yiu inky fee
there are bound to be annoyances and it
is best to keep them secret. Hie your
self off into the privacy of your boudoir
once in a while on the plea of writing
letters, for certainly you must tell your
folks what a rattling good time you are
having, and select the opportunity to do |
it when the entire family has assembled
for a few minutes. Rest assured If they
want you they will have no hesitancy
about calling, for they: are quite as well
aware of the fact that the majority of
If it chances to be you the memory is
quickened and the hands seem infinitely
more willing.
The careless girl never stops to think.
As a rule she Is having such % joyous
time that her mind is brim full of gayety.
Don't be that girl. If you pick up a
banjo and knock over a basket of pic
tures at one and the same time, think
that your hostess may. come into the room
to have a little chat and that the very
first thing she will do wlllbe to carefully
gather the pictures and right the basket.
Don't wait until ehe is down on her knees
and then contritely say, "I meant to do It
in a minute." Oh. those minutes cause so
much trouble. Now and then take time
by the forelock and surprise yourself and
everybody else by using them at an apro
pos time
This thoughtless girl, for carelessness
and thoughtlessness 'are one and- tho
same thing, never dreams that even in
the best regulated families there are mo
ments when they would like to be alone.
That settled matters. The offenders
were assembled In a body and duly given
warning that all lost articles would
promptly be relegated to a barrel in the
storehouse. For the next few days every
time any one wanted to dress somebody
was delegated to pay their respects head
first to that catch-all, and it was surpris
ing how soon they gathered their wits
about them and made the acquaintance of
the hat boxes, closets and drawers. It
makes a decided difference, you know,
who cares for your belongings.
The careless visitor Is a most awful
nuisance to have about for any length of
time. When ehe comes in her hat drops
in one spot, her coat on the couch and
her gloves and parcels just where they
happen to light first. Kor an hour she
will He and diligently read the latent
magazine, with her belongings scattered
to the four winds, regard.ess of the fact
that there are no other hats lying around
here, there and everywhere, but are put
where they belong.
The best cure for such a girl Is the bar
rel system. I know of one woman who
had four lively girls spending several
weeks at her summer villa and who never
considered her home or her feelings In
the slightest. When the bell rang they
would rush about, make sundry snatches
and literally fall over each other in their
wild haste to escape without being
caught.
At first this animated scramble was
considered in the light of a good Joke,
but when it occurred every day and sev
eral times a day it lost its ginger and was
tpeedlly reduced to the ranks of the com
monplace. Finally the climax was reach
ed when the most correct and dignified
lady in the land was properly scandalized
by sitting down on a corset and having
a slipper that had been lost in the chase
stare her in the face all during her call.
All this in the drawing-room. /
the kitchen queen, and. incidentally, make
matters easier and mure agreeable for the
mistress.
Moral— Be on time to all your meals.
Make it a rule, and never deviate from it
1n the slightest. Because your hostess
carries you it dainty tray and insists that
It is no trouble, don't take her at her
word and Impose on good nature. She
means partly what she says, but trans
lated in a cold-blooded fashion It signifies
it is not half as much trouble to carry
you a tray as it is to keep the kitchen
and breakfast room in disorder half the
morning. For this is exactly wliat a 10
o'clock tray moans. Many a hostess has
moraine after morning prepared a tempt
ing coffee and delivered it In person to
keep on the right Fide of a good maid.
And rpraking of maids reminds me.
Th*>y are human, and when the work has
been delayed, trebled and deranged they
ere apt to rise In their wrath and depart
for other haunts. If a guest will but re
member to present her with a pretty rib
bon, a new belt or any of the thousand
and one frills that women admire she can
pave a shining path to the very heart of
"It does seem to me ehe might have.
chosen any other time of the year but
the very month that I was going to the
country in." grumbles Molly to herself,
"but ebe gave me to understand it would
be for only a few days, bo I reckon I
can put up with it and not be so mean
about It, either." and away she goes dlg
fin* out places that might possibly have
c Epeck of dust stowed away in them and
cleaning house generally, thinking all the
time how ehe has changed. Why, there
i6n't a spark of hospitality left in her
whole body.
Thursday night came and it brought Its
troubles as well. The only available man
In the household wanted to see the prize
Cght and that was all he did want to see.
As a consequence the evening was any
thing but pleasant, but finally the depot
was reached and things assumed a
comewhal brighter aspect.
11:45 came in a very meek fashion and
•11 by Itself. Edifying but true. Through
the fog and the cold the huddling few
learned that their midnight tramp would
be prolonged an hour and a half at least,
end it might be longer. So commenced
the visit! , " ..--,; h
This might well be considered the first
don't- In this day and age there are any
cumber of trains that arrive at a more
convenient hour for our hostess, more
especially If you chance to be a stranger
In the city and helpless as to locations.
The overland trains, and the locals for
that matter, are nearly always late, and
it is anything but pleasant to pace a
bleak platform at midnight.
When the family gather in the break
fast room, one at a time and sleepy-eyed,
they are treated * first to another wait,
and later to fallen muffins, burned steak
and wretched coffee. A day commenced
ty such a fashion is literally wrong-side
vp. The o".d stiaec. "N'ever cross the
bridge until you reach it," is as true as
fate, for when you are looking for trou
ble it will always meet you half way, and
a breakfast gulped down with one eye on
the clock and the ether making wrathful
grimaces at the foot of the table is about
as certain a trouble brewer as one would
want to wagr-r on.
When the postman leaves this little
•urprise party under Molly's door he
manages to throw the entire household
into consternation. If the Queen of Sheba
had announced her intention of Just drop
ping in the air couldn't possibly have
been more bombastic.
.By this time she has broken the news
in pieces, just casually, as it were, to the
family and only on the eve of her depar
ture does 6he come out and give them to
distinctly understand that her pilgrimage
will be one of long duration. Then she
sits dov.n in a satisfied fashion and writes
to her intended prey:
"My Dear Moily: Probably this note
will surprise you not a little, for it is go
ir.g to ask you to meet me at the U:4j
train Thursday night. Am on my way to
Los Angeles and just, couldn't pass so
near without stopping for a nice long
chat. Remember, Thursday night. Am
Just dying to see you again. Yours in
awful haste, JANE."
Of all people, she Cfor men, as a rule,
have something better to occupy their
time) takes the bun for being cuave.
longheaded and cooL She sits down,
makes her plans, sees to it that they will
not fall through and then hies herself to
her dressmaker and orders enough frills
and furbelows for a complete trousseau,
and between yuu and me as silent part
ners she is secretly hoping and praying
that the expenses for the coming six
months will be the last for her to
Certain it is that all have heard of
vhat is commonly called in polite circles
"the professional visitor." but In the
bosjm of one's own family, "the ever
lasting pest."
£ocs. . ,.
There is no class of folks that should
ha\e such a strict code of politeness, a.
ciV.iberately laid plan of thoughtfulnoss
find a lirm determination to be altogether
charming and sweet tempered, even un
der the most trying circumstances, than
this most r'ecious of all friends— the vis
itor.
T has always teen and probably al-
I Trays vd be somewhat of a mystery
to nie Just why visitors imagine
themselves the privileged of the
Y MADGE 1IOORE.
13
ETIQUETTE
OF A
VISITOR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
Haa been success-
jP*jfSr lac actresses, staff-
flfgp f .jg% er» and women of
>'~2i *T* '*"«0 fashion for more
r#t Tf than 25 years.
VC Zm- 1 Wherever applied It
*^2 C / is Instantly absorbed
CC *f throush the pores of
T j the ekirv. and Its
/^ ,C wonderful nutrition
f \ . feeds the wastiae
I >TOi issues.
Ynfc-k \ Removin 5 ftEpk 3
'%n.4flrfU^ ,>A« « by majlc, on«
lSlr?W-^. \ JL application often
"1 O^L JP "howing a remark-
**^|C/i>*5 / l7 able Improvement.
' DR. CHARLES "FLESH FOOD is positively
the only preparation known » «•«»«»' £ ie ™2
that will round out hollows In the «"* a "»
produce flrra. healthy fl«»h on thin cheelw.
anna and bands. '___
FOB DEVEIiOPTSO THE BUST
Or breast* shrunken from nursing it haa th«
highest lndoxs--nient of physician*. Two boxes
are often sufficient to make the bust Hrm,
and other
department stores and druggists.
Regular price S1.00 a box but to all who
take this SPECIAL OFFER and
«nd Si one dollar we will send two (2) boxei.
in plain wrapper.
rD pp —A sample box and our book.
FKDt "ART OF MA3SAGE." fully Il-
lustrated, will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for coat of mailing. Address
Dft. C2JLEXX3 CO., 13 fuk Flua, K*w Twk.THE SUNDAY CALL.
If the curtain could be rung down he,re,
leaving her happy ever after, romance
would fall stale and profitless, but, unfor
tunately, the happiness or misery of life
follows, and the wedding day casts no
prophecies, but smiles through sunshine
or blinks through rainy tears Just as if
human hearts did not ache or break In
their rambling through the wilderness of
matrimony. And when a girl falls In love
all the common sense that has previously
characterised her is negatived, and- there
are precious few who love wisely and well
or love well and wisely.
The nature and disposition of the girl
decides whether the object of her affec
tion be worthy and wisely chosen, and.
la fascinated by the welcome the world
extends to a pretty girl whose parents
have the wealth to invite it to share its
hospitality. She Judges every one from
the standard of her own pure self and life
flows on to the measured harmony of ona
sweet, glad song.
Then comes her formal entrance Into so
ciety, when the romance fairly bubbles
over and she is radiantly happy. A round
of pleasure follows when she is sought by
every one. Her accomplishments,- her
personality, and, above all. her magnet
ism, are her stock in trade, which will
bring her either happiness or misery.
She meets men galore at dances, recep
tions, and everywhere finds herself sur
rounded by a swarm and admiration is
rampant.
Then she falls In love.
f'he seeming paradox needs little illus
tration, as there are few of us who can
not recall the lives of those who having
met sudden misfortune have risen supe
rior to the madness of despair or the tur
bulence of grief-developing qualities,
amazing alike to both friends and mem
bers of their own families, who never
guessed the slumbering possibilities.
The romance of a girl's life is a some
thing that weaves an aureole or traces
the scars of destiny, never to be effaced.
If 6he has been happy the romance nas
been her world; if she has been mlser
eblc. then perhaps It will better enable
her to bear the after scourglngs of fate.
A girl leaves the schoolroom with her
brain filled with the loveliest o! ideals.
Ebe has imbibed a certain flavor of ro
mance that permeates the atmosphere
about her. Her own life has been so pure
and eweet that she knows nothing else.
This is particularly true of girls bred in
convents, who have not the faintest Idea
of anything practical and whom it takes
years of experience to imbue with the
znoet ordinary tenets of worldly wisdom.
A girl reared in a boarding-school, of
course, knows less of life than one who
has always been at home. I do not mean
the fashionable boarding-school, where
young ladies entertain, give muslcales and
teas, inviting their brothers and the other
girls' brothers, but tne old-fashioned,
straight-laced boarding-school, where the
the lemon of a cocktail, imparts its
flavor, and at the same time it Is hard to
tell whether it were better to have loved
and lost than never to have lost at all,
or never to have loved or lost, or lost and
loved, or never to have loved at all; but
any way you put it it's a fool's paradise
while it lasts It Is Just about as exuber
antly happy and Intoxicating a state as
poor humanity will ever burglarize dur
ing its mortal sojourns.
It xnay be regretted later on with the
most poignant regret, but the experience
may be the one necessity rounding the
character, which otherwise would never
have known its power.
It is the griefs and sorrows of life that
meld character into noblest shapes and
possibilities. Happiness makes one leth
argic—numbing the forces of brain and
brawn— but let misfortune come, and the
inertia Is startled into wondrous activity.
IF life were all romance the worlA
would be again deluged and the flood
would be of — happiness.
It is the romance of life that, like
hide rrom the world evidence of her sor
row, and the only refuge of despair— the
pawn shop — seems her only friend.
She takes .her trinkets — old presents.per
haps from loved ones long ago passed—
"shadows under the flowers, under -tha
snow." or treasured souvenirs of girlish
escapades, and, bravely forcing back her
tears, she selects some trifle, the part
ing from which nearly breaks her heart,
and wends her way. Even to enter- tha
place seems desecration and she glances
furtively on either side, fearing to be Been
by some friend of her girlhood. The hu
miliation is bitter enough, but the bitter
disappointment adds to her despair when
¦be sees bow little Intrinsic value her
treasures possess In the cold-blooded eyes
of the dealer.
61ck at heart, she takes th» trifls. thai
'While not advocating mercenary mar
riages, and believing unquestioning!?
marriage without love to te » sacri
lege, at the same time, marriage with
love and nothing else does not present
There is no denying that the care of a
baby la about the hardest kind of work,
and the girl who marries for love and
nothing else, and who finds plenty of th«
nothing else that love falls to compen
sate for:ig apt to feel that the man did
her a positive injury in marrying her.
A back room flat, with a baby and
nursing bottle 'combination, is too much
of a reality to be much of a paradise,
even for fools.
Glf Is should be cautioned from a : ra
tional standpoint and made to understand
what living on love really means. It Is
not even an.appetizer for love itself. !
Matrimony thrive s best on a steady <Jiet
of hard horse sense, and It needs a bank
account:, to give it stability. The girl
who has always been well groomed, even
though * not extravagantly, cannot b»
happy If shabby, and she certainly can
not enjoy anything like life If she must
stay at home all the time and be her own
nursery maid.
A baby is the sweetest thing on earth
to the mother who is the right kind of
woman, but when a girl, young and In
experienced, finds herself tied day and
night to even the sweetest baby that ever
happened, it takes another large and ele
gant slice out of .the matrimonial lunch
basket.
butcher, the baker and candlestick mu
er there can be no comfort In life. A
woman must be fed to bo well; she must
be suitably clothed to be comfortable; sh«
must have some one to bear the house
hold burden when she Is not well, and
there are countless demands for money
that cannot be ignored.
The woman who has been well reared
cannot be happy unless a certain amount
of creature comfort be thrown In to
grease the wheels of Cupid's chariot, and
the humiliation she feels when the cir
cumstances surrounding her life becom*
known is unallayed even by the most co
pious draushts of soothing syrnp.
A sensible woman who loves a maa
may willingly dispense with many lux
uries enjoyed In her own home, but It
Is not of these we speak, but of the neces
sities essential to comfort.
doctor and the coal heaver were the only
masculinities seen from year's end to
Tear's end.
To such a girl the emancipation from
the schoolroom Is the event of her life.
Ebe knows nothing of ,. the world . and
thinks it was made and painted for her
special delectation, and her first experi
ence as a young lady is bewildering. She
I
unfortunately, girls have a knacK of fall-
Ing In love ' exactly when and where
parents oppose with all wonted vigor.
And here It Is where the lack of worldly
wisdom fashions the future irrespective of
parental desires or a foolish girl's day
dreams.
The proportion of unhappy marriages is
unfortunately great, and whether it be
from the choice itself or from the man's
failure Is a difficult question to determine.
A girl judges a man from her heart, not
from her Aead. and when all is told, a
young girl's heart before It has experi
enced the hardening process is of jellied
consistency, although you could not make
ter believe so, and she thinks that she
•\erself is the best Judge of the man whom
•he wishes to marry.
Now, of course, there are many lessons
that she will quickly learn and the honey
moon hardly wanes before she begins a
course that often/makes' her sick at heart.
She marries an' ideal and finds a reality.
The man who called In the evening In
dress suit Is very different from tne man
who 1 sits in his den puffing away at an
old college pipe. A lover in dinner jacket
and a husband *.n smoking outfit : aro
creatures of different mold, and it is this
contact that destroys Idealism and is re
sponsible for many 'inhappy marriages.
The man who deluged his sweetheart
with violets, and lilies .of the valley,
throwing in a few pounds of Stlll-Hlgher's
candy feels that he cannot . afford such
luxuries when confronted . by the bills of
maintenance for two where formerly only
one existed.
Few young men start out In life with
a good big fortune, ind ; those who aro
but moderately circumstanced feel' obliged
to retrench and flowtjrs and candy and
theater parties are tbe-nrst Items stricken
from the lists. ;-. .vlH-'t'- / . :f •
Girl wives resent th's, attributing it to
neglect, when in reality the man is but
affords temporary relief and, stifling- her
sobs, retraces her steps despondent and
miserable.
The picture is not overdrawn, as many
who read know only too well.
This Is reality.
Where there is no money to pay the
continuous complimentary meal tickets.
Girls step in where angels fear to tread,
and angels do not tread the reckless ways
of matrimony". Some men think so at th*
altar, but change their opinions when tn*
alimony clause la inserted.
COLONEL KATEL
trying to make both ends meet.
When a young man starts In to sup
port a wife on an Income formerly spent
on himself alone it makes a srreat dif
ference, but a girl thinks he : should In
dulge her the same after as before mar
riage. She becomes supersensltlve, fetl
lng Injured and neglected, and the first
cloud breaks over the matrimonial hor
izon with rumblings of a storm,
j And the girl who marries for love and
nothing else.
Now girls who have always had every
whim gratified have an Idea J that they
could willingly make: all the *acriflc*:a
possible; for one man. They positively
could riot live without that one man.
Well,' in many instances \ It ' might be a
precious sight more comfortable to live
without him than to live with him. Mak
ing sacrifices for a man's sake as a steady
diet Is not a bit of , a- Joke, nor; is there
an atom of fun in It , Love amid sordid
surroundings has not a grain of romance,
but;it,has a few.- odd /bushels of the
sternest kind of 'reclity. The - girl ac
customed to dainty environments has no
conception* of ; the constant warring of
her nature against circumstances, that
force her to relinquish many little things,
and It la the little things that do the
largest part toward .making ; her dis
satisfied and unhappy. L;
The girl who knows nothing of housei
hold cares thinks - it- would be ; great fun
to do a lot of hustling In the little home
that love and poverty make so beautiful
(In Btory books), but. when It comes to
such duties as daily routine the girl who
has never . done a hand's turn learns *>
mighty unwelcome lesson.
There is nothing on earth oo unsatis
fying as living on love and nothing else,
and the woman who has loved so roman
tically, and j who could not live without
the dear fellow, when confronted by th«
ever oresent labor question is too tire4
even to love and wants" to be let alone
after her day's work is done.
Marrying for love may be sordid, but
marrying without It Is foolhardy, and the
girl who was so perfectly crazy to marry
for love and be her own maid and every
thing else eoon looks upon her romance
as an attack, of mild lunacy and wishes
herself back with her mother."
The 'adorable sweetheart is superseded
by the matter of fact husband, which,
reinforced by her own household worries.
Bends. Cupid flying not only out of tha
window but clear over the back fence.
Even should a girl's parents be wealthy
they are seldom generous enough to fancy
supporting a * son-in-law .who may be a
thorn in the flesh.- and the girl is .left
to struggle, as best she may. while the
only sympathy she receives after her mis
erable mistake is the moth-eaten comfort
that she made her own bed. Of course,
then love flies out of, the window.
To many victims of. such reckless love
marriages i' there comes a day when an
empty larder stares . gauntly and hunger
pinches. ' The girl In her pride strives to
ROMANCE
AND REALITY
14n ERE is a pleasant little "location" gwne.that may serve at t short exercise in geography; the instructive featnrt
Ij of it, however, will not in anyway detract from JU Interest ... .'.....' . , • .
J[ I Any number of boys and girls may take part in it, but they must be divided into two sides. Perhaps the
best way to arrange, it is to select two leaders and let them select the sides. That would prevent confusion".
The sides take seats in two rows facing each other, the leaders 'heading the rows. When everything is ready
the leaders decide by lot which shall begin the game. They also decide what shall be the subject of the game, whether
cities, towns, mountains, lakes or rivers, for thesubject must be something of a geographical nature. _'. • .
Let us suppose that cities is the subject selected; then the leader who is to start the game names a city and be
gins to count ten slowly. The leader on the opposite side must give the location of that city before ten has been counted. If. he fails to' do so, or if he gives the wrong location, he leaves hi*
chair and drops out of the game. ' ** v • " *
If, on the contrary, he gives the right answer before his opponent can finish counting ten, he, in torn, then names a city, and the player sitting opposite to him on the other side baa
to answer while he counts ten.
: , The game goes on in this way until all the players hare dropped out but one ,and that one wini the prize, if a prize has been offered.
The game may be varied and made more interesting by changing the > subject after playing it once. If cities be the first subject, let rivers be the next, and then lakes and mountains,
and these changes will keep the game from becoming monotonous; or if you want greater variety you can have riddles — such as the one printed at the top of the picture below.
Henry Hadeler, 1815 Grove street. Ban Francisco, "Giraffe Hunters"; Gerald Stoodley, Auburn, "Gi
raffe Hum. '; Fred Hopkins, 810 Montcalm street, San Francisco, "Golden Canyon"; Howard Duncan,
2721 Sacramento street, San Francisco, "Adventures In Cuba"; Gladys Ackley, Palo Alto, "A New Fash
ioned Girl"; Helen Kearn. 224 San Jose avenue, San Frandsoo. "Flower Fables"; "Willie McDonald.
142S Ellis street. Ban Francisco, "Hunting In the Great West"; Victoria Ghinn, 2013 Ninth street, West
Berkeley, "Jackanapes"; J. A. Gllllran, 261 Seventh street, Ban Francisco, "Lone Ranch"; Chester Kirk,
Alameda, "Adventures In Cuba"; Helen Roark, West Berkeley. "Queenle's Whim"; Lucy Bonner, 1124
Hyde street, Ban Francisco, "Flower Fables"; Maynard Oakley, 420 Bank street. Ban Francisco, "Gi
raffe Hunters"; Ethel Wolters, €10 Elizabeth street. Ban Frandsoo, "A New Fashioned Girl"; Louise
Rheln. Alameda. "Tom Brown at Oxford"; Kate MacKinnon. 411 Austin street. Ban Francisco, "Children
of the Abb«y"; Georre Swasey, 14S9 Franklin street. Ban Francisco, "The Golden. Canyon"; Irving" Thomas,
Patchen, "Flower Tables"; £X Conley, 811 L> street, Sacramento,-- "Flower : Fables"; Cteorje H««rmance,
424 Clementina street, 8aa Frandsoo, "Adventures In- the Tropics**; M. A. Becker. East Oaklajxd. "Wa
ter Babies 4 *: Lois Abernathle, Buisun, "Children of tha Abbey" j Lola Cecil, Sacramento, "Lone Ranch";
Virginia Jehu, OK Twentieth street, Ban Francisco, "A New Fashioned Girl"; Hattie Btrahle? : - : 1671
artistically as you can make it, nil in the coupon with your solution
««|T OKQ LEGS, CROOKED THIGHS, .
j| LZTTZiB TTT.AT) AJTD NO EYES."*
**="¦* Ah, there is a Jingle that Is a Jingle and a clever little rid
dle at the same time. Hot glibly it slips from the tongue, and how per
fectly simple It sounds 1 In point of fact, the old man is wearing: one of
the objects that make up the answer to the riddle on his clothes as an or
nament. Too wouldn't suspect it of such a funny old man, would you?
Well, you will have to sharpen your wits, that is all; and to enable you
to do so, while at the same t*™« giving you splendid opportunities forfun
inaaing, the Puzzle Editor has printed at the top of this page a "I#oca
tion** game, which is truly fascinating. Don't forget— it is sharp wits
and keen brains that are winning all the prizes of life' nowadays,
whether you are a grown-up or only a child. So be alive.
Perhaps you may not have made the discovery for yourself before
reading this far, but if you will look closely you will find the answer to
«*<« riddle hidden in fr*1f a dozen places in the picture. You know you
must find them all ***^«1 mark each of them in pencil or ink, as well as
solve* the riddle and paint up the whole picture if you want one of
those exceedingly fascinating books enumerated In the list below. So
now go to work if you want to have plenty of fun, frolic and rich re
ward.
Anfl now listen carefully. This is what you must do to win en* of
those JfllTTK FRIZES: After solving the Fairy Riddle printed la big
letters at the top of the picture below, find all the objects the answer
to the riddle represents, outline each in pencil or ink and then color
with paints, inks, water colors or crayons the whole Paint Picture 'as
of the Fairy Biddle, your n»nt and address cad the prixe you fleitf If
yon win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached, t» the ED
XTOB Or THE A2TEMAI* FABLES AND 7UZZLB PAGB, fcmday Gall,
Baa Francisco, CaL
To the FZBST FIFTY who not only Mire the Fairy Kiddle cor
rectly and find all the objects enumerated In the riddle, but whose pic
ture* are the MOST ARTISTICALLY COLORED, one of these Fifty
prises will be awarded. Remember, old and young may compete, but
ALL ANSWERS MUST •RTTA( T F THIS OFFICE BEFORE FRIDAY
NOON. . ; ..;^1 ; ; V',\
THE NAMES 07 THB LUCKY WINNERS WILL SB PUB
LISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO WEEKS FROM TO-PAY,
-August 23. < . ;
FOLLOW THE RULES OR YOU WILL BE DEBABBED.
Those who won prizes In the First Fairy Riddle, published on
July 28, will find their names printed below.
THIS IS -THB LIST OP FRIZES FROM WHICH YOU MAT OHOOSB
IF YOU WIN i "Prlnee«» ef the Moor," by B. Marlttti "The Golde*
I Caaron," by O. A. Hemtyi M AdT«»t«re« 1b the Triples," by Frt»der
tt lelc OtriUeken "The Spy," by J. Fevlmere Cooperi "CKildrem «(
th« Abbey," by ncgUa M»rl» H*«hei "The Giraffe Hmtert," by Cap
twin Bfaym* Rcldi "Water Babies," by Cbsvlea Kiasaleyt "By Sheer
Pluelc," a tale at the AJihantl War. by O. A. Hemtyi "Tom Brcwi at
Oxford," by Thomai n«|kei| "Pelly, a Ifew-Fa«bleaed Maid," by L. T.
Blende i "The Deeralayer," by J. Pemimere Coeperi "JiokMtpei," by
jallaia Horatio Ewlasrt "Hnntla* 1b the Great West," by O. O. Shields)
••The Enrl Queen." by Nataly tob E«ch«tr»ll| "Flower Fabl«»,"
by Louisa May Alootti "Toxa Brorra'a School Days," by Thomaa Haarheai
"A4» catarei la Cuba." by F. U. Uawaldi "Qncenle 1 . Whim," by Rom
H. Careys "The Lone Buok," by Captain Uayse Reldt "The Fathflmd
er," by J. Femlmore Cooper. .
Here Are the Lucky Fifty Prize Winners in the "Little Red Cap" Riddle Published July 26.
Church street, Ban Francisco, "The Earl Queen"; Ann!* Westefeld, 1235 Pacific avenue, Baa Francisco,
"Children of the Abbey"; Ruby Simpson. Gulnda, "The Spy"; Annie Edwards, 1684 Alabama, street. Baa
Francisco, "Tom Brown's School Days"; Miriam -Husted, Berkeley, "Children of the Abbey"; Ethel Sny
der, Wyandotte. "Adventures In Cuba"; Alma Stolzenwald, M6A Folsom street, San Francisco, ••Prin
cess of the Moor"; Cecil Coleman, 624 Post street, San Francisco, "By. Shew Pluck"; Juanlta Under
hlll, San Mateo, "Children of the AUbey"; Florence Fernnol. Oakland,: **Tn»v 8py"; Ella Walters, 934
Minnesota street, San Francisco, ."Queeale's \ Whim?; Will Harry. Reddlaf, "Huntln* In the Great
West"; Antoinette Koesak. Geyservllle, "Children of the Abbey"; Emma Nottelman, Reddinjr, "Tha
Earl Queen"; Edna Andrews, Uvt»" Oak, ."Water Babies;" Violet Jiarch, Stockton. "Queenle's Whim":
R. Wallace, «17 Van Ness avenue, ""Flower Fables"; May Mahle, t88 Hayes street. San Francisco, "The
Pathfinder"; Lydla Love. Berkeley. "Queenle's Whim"; MarsueriU Gibson. ' Frultrale, "Children of
the Abbey**; "Jim Norrls.; San Francisco, "Adventures In Cuba": Harold Sullivan. 612A Powell street. Baa
Francisco,. "Hunting* In. the Great 'West"; Doris Aden, Vallejo, "A'New Fashioned Girl": Elsa Rltxman,
Alameda, "By Sheer Pluck"tF.Gew:feaon,,. Eureka; "The Golden Canyon"; Irene Woods, Oakland.
SOMETHING ABSOLUTELY NEW FOR 50 SPECIAL PRIZES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
15
FAIRY RIDDLES
AND PAINT PICTURES
fCO ** EDiivfi
: . . . . ¦ . . '¦,
AianrLsx rinxi
AMD PUZZLS PAOm.
August 0, 1003.* .
Vims .••.•••••••••••*•***•••••
Street oz 7. O— •*... .&«».<*••••«
City ....*.........
State ...••.. mwt»..».
My solution of this week's
Fairy Riddle Is
If Z Win I Choose for Prise.. .
(B*m tiMt of Prisas.)PRIZE
WINNERS IN
CONTEST OF
JULY 26.
OUR NAME PUZZLES
Each of These Ten \ P^ctu^s fypY&$r\\z the' Narne oP
- a Aiothe^ Goose Character— C^n you Guess
The^n and v/fn a Valuable prize?
> This puzzle contest of the 'FOURTH SERIES will close ona week from to-day, but as a
further reward for cleverness and industry a special prize of 810 and a, second prize of 85 will be awarded
for the highest percentage of correct answers in the whole series of thirteen weeks.
' These are the TWENTY-FIVE NEW FRIZES from which you may select if you solve all the
puzzles correctly: Fishing rod,. knapsack, belt buckle, pocket-knife, boy's nickel chain, wrist purse, fish
ing line, hook and sinkers; bathing' suit .(for. T boys not over 14 years old), . tennis . racquet, catcher's
baseball mitt, ping pong set, baseball, letter seal, postage-stamp album, set silver beauty pins, baseball
mask, naval war game, silver bracelet, gold-filled horseshoe brooch, silver stickpin, silver hatpin,
wooden writing desk, nail-file, hair comb, dolL '. r
Those who won prizes in the Tenth Set— the Names of United States Warships— published la the
Sunday Call of July 28, will find their names in the announcement printed in another column.
FOLLOW. THE RULES OR YOU WILL BE DEBARRED.
Now here are the importan t points for you to remember! The First Forty Boys and Girls wh»
send in correct solutions' to these ten pictures before noon next Friday will win a prize. Dont
forget that point, because it is very important. ALL. ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS OFFICE BY
FRIDAY *N00N. This, gives all those in the country an equal chance to compete. Read everything oa
this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize. .
' ' This is what you must do to win one of those forty prizes: Find the name of a Mother Goose
Character: -represented in each of the ten puzzle pictures and write it out in full in the space oppo
site the proper corresponding number providedfor the purpose in the coupon on this pags as per Its di
rections; fill in your name and address and the prize you desire— if you win— and mail the coupon to
the Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call, San Francisco.*
IN JXTST ONE WEEK MORE, CHILDREN-, THIS PUZZLE CONTEST 07 THB FOURTH EZXIZ3
WILL CLOSE, SO DON'T FORGET THOSE 85 AND S 10 SPECIAL PRIZES.
And now here is a puzzle contest that is simply dandy, i Of course you have all heard the fa
mous old Mother Goose stories— every last one of you boys and girls— and consequently should be able to
solve all of these pictures without even looking twice. Why, Mother Goose stories are the very first you
ever heard in your happy baby days, and what wondrous stories they were— and are, for' the matter •*
that! For who ever gets too old. to be interested'in these exciting tales?
For instance, there is Carrion Crow. You all remember about Carrion Crow, or, if you have
forgotten, all that you have to do is to refer to your fairy, book that you got for a Christmas present—
or was it a birthday P.. Then there ia pretty little Miss Muffet, and Curly Locks, and Mary Quite Con
trary, and— but it will never do to tell you all of them. That would rob you of all the fun, and this
Puzzle Editor doesn't want to do that. . \
Remember, each of the ten pictures in this, the TWELFTH SET in the FOURTH SERIFS of the
Sunday Call's great puzzle contests, represents the name of a Mother Goose Character. Can, you guess
them? Try and see; if you are successful — well, read the list below fcr the rich reward that will come to
you. * '
REMEMBER— You may lend in as many answers in your name as you wish, provided only that
you have a coupon to accompany each answer, and— REMEMBER— there is no age limit and young and
old may compete.
THE NAMES OF TH3 LUCKY WINNERS WILL, BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY Catt,
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, August 23.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
BELOW ia given the list of prise
winners la the pool* cotrtsst
ctJvljSA. T£1m wu the Tenth
Itaii the JTames ef XTrTtWL States
Warthlps faa the Tccrtlx Series «f
Hame Ponies, begun oo. Xay £4. 8m
If yon are an* of the lucky forty
Ittrtft Vams, ggirrrfBts. Tlnr,
unl to game? Kmmrt Hlns
bet'E r 2104 fintfirw street, San Frua
r'ro, tf h nts ¦ raeqrircj 2L*xgti*rit*
Void,. 177 Eighth, street, Oakland,
>*rrnfj yyii^i^fj TTT— TTmiwi g^iyw
beauty pins; Icne Casey, Ccrona,
4foVj TtFmrlm WUkmSOn. 14 Antrim
street, Ecu Trxncisce, f"Tit« racquet;
Alice IL&rber, Oakland, '*•>¦<•» ccmb;
Azmie Kmthly, 1177 Valencia street,
Sen Francisco, naval wax game; Ber
tha Comstock, Alnracda, tilver
bracelet; Hthtl Blchardson, Diamond,
wrist pxxrse; ITelly Peterson, MenJo
Park, trnnis racquet; P. C Pender
gast, Vallejo, horseshoe brooch; Susi«
Hooper, 251 San Carlos arenas, San
Francisco, brooch; Ruth McCarthy,
Oakland, ping pong set; Annie I*.
Xutz, Petaluxna, letter seal; Loris
Walker, East Oakland, naval war
game; A. M. O'Brien, Livermore, hat
pin; Mrs. Bohlen, 2602 Post street,
Ban Franciscq, wrist purse; Kathleen
Keel, 2ienlo Park, tennis racquet;
Frieda Klein, 1507 Jackson street,
San Francisco, wrist parse; Philip
Echayler, 1106 Bash street, San
Francisco, stamp album; Arthur
Comstock, Alameda, bathing suit;
Boy B-utledge, Bedding, silver brace
let; Robert Cochrill, Bloomfield, fish
ing rod; F. Georgeson, Eureka, knap
sack; F. W. Bortels, 126 Golden Gate
avenue, San Francisco, tennis
racquet; Knapp Oston, 4O46 Twenty
fifth street, San Francisco, tennis
racquet; Elmer Moro, 2122 Sutter
street, San Francisco, fishing rod;
W. G. Hcbl&d, Alameda, knife; Tffnl
colm Cropper, 1OO1 Pine street, San
Francisco, naval war game; John
BUey, 80 Valparaiso street, San
Francisco, bathing suit; Eagene
Bonn, 507 Florida street, San Fran
cisco, >*»fMwg suit; £. IL Bohlen,
B602 Post street, San Francisco,
catcher's mitt; A. S. Mason, Edna,
naval war game; J. Kenny, Benida,
fishing rod; Charles Bohling, 1000
Sush street, San Francisco, ping pong
set; Tom Connelly, Berkeley, tennis
racquet; Albert Erickscn, 1927 Union
street, Oakland, fishing rod; Theresa
Schad, 645 Washington street, San
Yrancieco, silver hatpin.
16
Solve the Puzzles,
fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the Names of Mother Goose
Characters represented in this
week's name puzzles:
1 •••••
S .••••>..»»•••• •.• -•'• •••••••* —•
&\ ..* *•• —
5 —» tXJOLMH* • » Hit" »» »»MW '**
T .~...........a... jui •¦. A-««
4
8 ...... ...k.* . ....... .a... •• • • • ....¦...»
0 «..*•••.. •••.•.•.•••
10
'> August,0, 1003.
Name ........••••••«••••••••••
Street or P. O ~
City . ...*:*. ...... .^.. ... .~.
State ..... <l. .roai * • • • •.«.».•»;••«.
If I win I choose for prize
¦ - ¦ »
. t • . . .'. .•»'»*». . . J.I.* *.* t * • ¦ * \ 11TO*t*T
<Bm hUt of Mm)Sunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CALL;THE SUNDAY CALL.THE CALL,WOMAN WHO HAS BEEN PLACED ON TRIAL. IN PARIS FOR COLOS
SAL SWINDLES. A*JD HER SJSTER AND DAUGHTER WHOM THE
MAGISTRATE DISMISSED FROM CUSTODY.'
!-,^**& ACRAMENTO, Ang. 8.— A day
' ft^_ which promised much In con
• nec.tlon with the pursuit *o"
, *^ Frank - Miller and Ray Fahey.
two of the Folsom prison es
*' . . capes, has passed without im
portant developments. City and county
peace officers . who had confidently ex
pected that one or both of the notorious
outlaws would, be captured by nightfall
were forced to admit at midnight that for
the time, at least, they were baffled.
From the time Fahey and Miller escaped
from the railroad yards last night, after
Detective Max P. Fisher had shot five
times at the former, large forces of
armed men have been beating the brush
along the American River, in which the
hunted men undoubtedly sought refuge,
but without result.
The officers believe^ that Fahey and pos
sibly Miller are still In the brush north
of the city, and that they have been so
harried by the posses that they have had
no chance to escape from the brush, but
have been compelled to remain In close
hiding. The locality in which Fahey and
his companion arc supposed to be hiding
embraces a considerable area and is cov
ered by a dense growth of .underbrush
and vines, .which form a network so thick
as to be almost impenetrable.
OPENS FIRE ON OFFICERS.
The .belief that Fahey. at least, is in
this natural - hiding place Is stsengthened
by'the fact that at 4 o'clock this morning
a man about the < height and proportions
of the notorious ' highwayman engaged
Special Officers H. J. Winters and Charles
Williams In a running fight at the tres
tle which forms the approach to the rail
road bridge over the American ' River,
northeast of the city. The combat was
witnessed by" a flagman employed by the
railroad /company from his tower on th»
trestle not 100 yards away.
A man emerged . from the brush and
started in the ; direction of Williams and
Winters. The latter . called ¦ upon ' him to
halt, and thinking possibly the man might
be 'one of the man . hunters. Winters an
nounced who he was. Immediately th«
stranger opened fire with a revolver,
emptying his weapon. Winters and Wil
liams' returned the -flre and the man re
tieated to the brush. The Sheriff's of
fice and police station were notified and a
number of men were, sent out, but no
trace of ¦ the man who commenced the
shooting could be found.
Fox hounds 'were sent Into' the brush
this afternoon, followed by a dozen men.
in the hope of rounding up all the tramps
and hobos who frequent the place. Tha
brush, however, was too thick and the
day too hot to work the dogs successfully,
and at dark. the majority of the men who
had .been acting under Sheriff David
Reese returned, to. the city. Fresh pick
ets were placed on duty so as to surround
the bnish from the American River bridge
to the Sacramento River, to prevent any
body leaving the beleaguered section, and
at daylight another search of the brust
will be made.
LOSE TRAIL OF HOWARD.
Sheriff Reese. and. Constable M. Judge
returned from Tolo County at an early
hour -this morning, having temporarily
abandoned the hunt for Howard in that
county. At one time they were close upon
the fugitive's trail, they claim, but It gave
out, leaving them baffled and confused.
I At 1 , no time . since Saturday last have
,the ' convicts been - in grave " danger. ' Ever
on „ the : alert, r the .fugitives . have avoided
and .misled- their- pursuers," but to-night
the ' hunted men are at a disadvantage.
They are hastening. through a country un- :
known to' them In an endeavor to* find a
route to possible freedom. ' Twenty-four
joir ; forty-eight hours will probably, tell the
measure of . their success ; or '* failure ; In
/Sheriff Bosquit Is confident that . the
posse* will get satisfactory results. It was
reported later that the outlaws ate break
fast at Whittle's ranch, In the same
neighborhood.
, Rumors of. every kind are as prevalent
as T ever.'. It is believed, however, that the
much wanted ; fugitives are In- the hill
'country and ] proceeding leisurely toward
the summit. : : The outlaws take to the
.water frequently that they may not be
followed by. the hounds. Tht fnclals sur
mise that the escapes are going slowly
lnTorder to let. the whole matter become
quW. .None'of the pursued felons are
thought to .know the topography of east
ern El Dorado County, and must follow
the road ,' ridge ' or river. The road , is, of
course, impracticable,' and the river much
easier and better than the" ridge.- If the
hunted men veer to the north they will
get; Into tnV granite country, where the
brush is- only -breast high. Their capture
there would be' an easy matter. The coun
try "^due" east 'of ¦ Dogtowh Is rough and
practically devoid of human . habitation.
; DO IJTOT: KNOW.. COUNTRY.
- JJf"^ LACERVILLE, Aug. S.-The
«T JO five convicts who are supposed
pf to be making toward the sum.
Or mlt of the Sierras- ate two
' JSL'. ' breakfasts this morning. " ac
. , cording to reports which have
reached the Sheriff's office In this city.
Nothing. was said in either report about
the outlaws leaving a $5 gold piece to pay
for their meal, so the monotony is broken.
The first news came by way of Grizzly
Flat and was to the effect that five heav
ily, armed men, .supposedly convicts, vis
ited John Richardson, a sheepherder for
Lewis' Meiss,' and 'demanded breakfast.
They were. supplied with food, and after
eating heartily . started due east up the
hill at. a rapid gait. The Meiss ranch Is In
the ; vicinity: of Capps Crossing, ten miles
southeast of Grizzly Flat. Sheriff Bos
qult's 'men 'oh:'the ground "were^nbtlfled
and took the 'trail o^ the outlaws. The
posse is composed of Gilbert Cook, Robert
Morherter, Frank Dygert, J. A. Spencer
and. C. E. . Ferrell,. who has ; the blood
hounds In charge. ; All of these men are
known to be courageous and - excellent
shots as .well. ' In advance of them are-A.
Cignac.-G. M. Wyatt and T. P. Colbln,
professional trailers.".
' POSSE IN' CLOSE ] PURSUIT/
Fugitive: Felons Ap~
[pear in Vicinity of
Grizzly Flat. ,
LEADER, OF THE ' FELONS : WHO
KILLED MILITIAMEN^ AND' DEP
UTIES WORKING WITH DOGS.
Suspect Blazes Away
When He Is Or
dered to Halt.
• PHXLADELrPHIA. Au£. f — Frrur per
sons are dead, at lean twelve are believed
to.be fatally Injured and fully 150 others
*re hurt, some seriously, as the result of
an accident that occurred to-day at th«
Xtiiladelphla National League baseball
park. jA. board walk, which overhung the
left field bleachers, fell to the 6treet,
carrying 200 spectators. Th« identified
dead are:
EDWAR.D GRAHAM.
ALFRED RODGERS.
.EDWARD WILLIAMSON. aged 60
years.
The following are thought to be fatally
Injured: Thomas Kane, 21 years old,
fractured skull. Internal Injuries: Doug
lass McCauley. fractured skull. Internal
injuries: John Murphy. 8 years, fractured
rkull; Peter Barrett, fractured skull;
Joseph McCaxrigle, 12 years, both ankles
broken; Joseph McConaghy. fractured
Fkull; W- Snyder, *S years old, both legs
broken, cpinal injuries; Joseph Larkin, 10
yars cl<3, internal Injuries; A. R. Robln
i-on, 31 years oM, concussion of the braia;
Ix>w!s ilcGraih. 30 years old. fractured
ckull, arm and leg broken; John Radcliffe,
14 years old. fractured ekull; Nicholas
iloser. El years. Internal Injuries.
Nearly ICO persons received fractures of
the limbs, lacerations of the head, broken
noses or contusions of the head and body,
but their condition is not serious.
CURIOSITY CAUSES DEATHS.
Tvro games were scheduler! between
Boston and Philadelphia and the attrac
tion drew more than 10,000 persons to the
ball park. The accident occurred at 5:40
o'clock, while the Boston team was at
bat in the last half of the fourth inning
cf the second game, and was indirectly
due to a quarrel between two drunken
men In the street. The National League
stands are built of eteel and brick, the
brick wall extending entirely around the
grounds. At the top of the left field seats
and extending from the grand stand to
th«B bleachers there was a walk about
three feet wide which overhung the street.
It was this walk that gave way undtr
the heavy weipht.
Men who were standing on the walk
were attracted by the disturbance in the
etreet. They leaned over the side of the
railing to see what was the trouble and
.drew the attention of the other spectators
fated on the top rows of the bleachers,
jrfen occurred what is ?ecn almost every
day at a ball game — a rush to see what
tne other spectators were looking at. The
bleacher walk became overcrowded and
without a moment's warning 200 feet of it
fell to the sidewalk, thirty feet below,
carrying all who were on it.
PANIC ON THE GROUNDS.
There were probably 3000 persons sitting
on the left-field bleachers and the roar
made by the falling timbers created a
panic. Instantly the spectators arose en
masse and made a rush down the stand
and Into the playing field. Men and boys
diabed over one another In tneir effort
to escape from the grounds. Notwith
standing what had occurred, the ball
' players and others tried to stop the mad
'rush, but they were swept aside In their
unsuccessful efforts and several persons
•were badly hurt In the crush.
Outside the grounds the scene was one
of horror. For an entire block on Fif
teenth street, from Huntlngton street to
Lchigh avenge, men and boys were lying,
¦writhing In agony. Some were buried
under the wreckage, others were lying In
the gutters and dozens were stretched
out in Fifteenth street on the cartracks.
Some were unconscious, others were roll-
Ing over. suffering great pain, and others
attempted to get up and walk, only to
fall again. . v
The 10,000 persons in the grounds left the
place and crowded about the Injured, of
whom there were more than a. hundred.
Indescribable confusion reigned for a time
because of the great crowd.
CARING FOR THE INJURED.
A general ambulance call was sent out.
AJ1 r houses In the vicinity were thrown
open to the victims. One of the largest
car barns in the city Is situated across
the street from the ball park, and one
wrecking car was quickly filled with neip
less men and rushed to St. Joseph's Hos
pital, more than two miles away. Other
victims were placed In wagons of all de-^
scriptlons belonging to the street car
company and taken to hospitals. Nearly
every Injured person taken away .was
covered by blood and the street looked
like a field of carnage. Police ambulances
and patrol -wagons arrived in time to take
The Interrogation of Mjadame Humbert
furnished the chief incident of the day,
but failed to develop any surprises or
bring-out the whereabouts of the mys
terious Crawford brothers, her statement
consisting mainly of vague declarations
of her honesty. As the Judge read ex
tracts from :the dossier, reviewing" her
family antecedents, sho waved , . Malt re
Labori aside, and,' rising with notes In her'
hand, Insisted on directing her own case.'
Judge Bonnet inquired about her eccen
tric father, who v assumed • the title-, of
count. Madame Humbert emphatically up
held the family ' character. When the
Judge stated that Romaine d'Aurignac
had followed; his father's example in as
suming, the. title of "Count . d'Aurignac,"-
Romaine half rose and exclaimed, "it Is
false, it Is false!"
Questioned about various early : inherit
ances which she claimed to have received/
Theresa ' answered -, with apparent frarik-
' WAVES LABORI ASIDE.
Madame Humbert frequently interrupt
ed the reading of the Indictment with
scornful exclamations, which could .be
heard throughout the courtroom. When
asked where she lived she answered "In
prison." ..•"¦.
Madame Humbert had a whispered con
ference with her counsel, Maitre Laborl,
who defended Dreyfus at theRennes court
martial, while the indictment: was being
read. There was a large array of coun
sel, representing the numerous interests
on both sides. The early hours of the
hearing were occupied by the reading of
the Indictment, the. formal pleading and
the selection of the Jury from the regular
panel. >
To the right of the Judges was the pris
oners' dock, .raised four, feot above tho
floor and bringing out the faces of the
prisoners against the dark background.
They were brought in from the prison of
the Cqnciergerie through a subterranean
passage leading to the courtroom. As they
entered every eye' was strained toward
them. Theresa Humbert came first, then
her husband. Frederick, followed by her
brothers, Romalne and Emlle d'Aurignac.
Madame Humbert's face was pale from
her long conflenement. Her whole bear
ing as she coldly surveyed the spectators
Indicated scorn and defiance. She wore a
becoming steel-gray gown and a dainty
round hat bearing a' cut steel ornament
and a cluster of white roses. Frederick
Humbert was the picture of a crushed
and miserable man. He bore a haggard
expression, showing more despair than
defiance. His scanty beard had become
very gray." Emlle d'Aurignac has grown
thin and cadaverous looking, but his
brother Romalne still looks the type of
the sleek promoter.
SCORN AND DEFIANCE.
rich, gay gowns contrasting with .the
gravity of their surroundings. Many of
the. ladies carried dainty luncheon bag.",
evidently expecting to spend the day in
court. $:,*,?;
The courtroom Is comparatively' small,
the walls and ceiling paneled with ma
hogany, giving it a somber hue. The
Judges' bench formed a high semicircle
at the farther end. The Presiding Judge,
Gaston Bonnet, occupied the center of the
semicircle, his associates > being ' Judges
Monler, Planteau, Pignard and Du Dezort.
Bonnet is a man of middle age and
bears an expression of benignity, but has
a reputation of inflexible sternness. . Tho
Judges wore red silk gowns and velvet
caps, which they removed as they as
cended the bench. Within a reserved'ln
closure were the leading members of the
bench and bar, in black silk gowns and
wearing stiff white neckcloths. To the
rear was the small public area, each seat
bearing. the name of Its distinguished oc
cupant. The audience Included diplomats,
academicians and members of the Legion
of Honor. Many ladles were present,, their
Of the thousands who sought admission
only a few hundred of the highly favored
gained an entrance to the court. Coque
lln, the celebrated actor, was among the
throng of artists, actors and authors seek
ing admission, and when he was turned
back he remarked that N the trial would
be "one of the greatest dramas ever en
acted." The scene within. the courtroom
recalled the daya of the Dreyfus and Zola
trials.
The Palais du Justice was early this
morning surrounded by large crowds,
eager to gain admittance, to the court
room. A heavy force of Municipal Guards
preserved order. Many • excursionists
came from distant points, the railroads
treating the trial as they would a nation
al holiday. One of the excursions came
from Melun, which was the constituency
that Frederick Humbert represented "in
the Chamber of Deputies and in which
was located the famous Humbert chateau
with its parks, lakes, yachts and a fleet
of gondolas. . • ¦ • '
GREATEST 6F DRAMAS.
Public curiosity, which has followed tho
fortunes of the family since the days of
its social brilliancy. Is again Intensely
wrought up. the chief interest centering
In "la grande Theresa," who has prom
ised to produce at this trial the mysterlr
ous American millionaires, the brothers
Crawford, on whom she based her story
of an inheritance of 520,000,000, which she
put forward as the security for the loans
Ehe obtained, amounting to about $10,
000,000. 'l.Y''- J* ¦¦'"! ":'v '"¦
having perpetrated what ex-Pre
mier Waldeck-Rousseau described aa "the
greatest swindle of the century." Inves
tigating Magistrate Leydet In May de
cided to commit Theresa Humbert, her
husband. Frederick, and her brothers.
Romalne and Emlle d'Aurignac. for trial
on the charges of forgery, the use of
forged documents and swindling. He dis
missed the cases against Eva Humbert.
Theresa's daughter, and Marie d'Aurig
nac. her sister.
PARIS, Aug. ?.— The notorious Hum
bert family, to-day faced a Judge
and Jury to meet the charge of
MADAME HUMBERT FACES
JUDGE WITH DEFIANCE
of the Perpetrators of the "Greatest Swindle
of the Century" Begins Theatrically.
BLEACHERS
FALL WITH
THE "FANS"
Fatal Accident at
a Baseball
Game.
Four Philadelphians
Killed and Scores
Injured.
Rush to View a Quarrel
on the Street Causes
the Disaster.
> NEW YORK, Aug.' 8. — One of the fea
tures of to-day's stock market r was a
raid on Union Pacific, which fell -nearly
six- points^ subsequently; regaining some
of the loss. In quarters. that* know, best
it was said- that v the raid: was James R.
Keene's compliments ; to* E. H.. Harriman
and the gentlemen- who 'recently.- helped,
put the market into • a -. condition • that
made It . uncomfortable for . Keene's son
in-law. Among the -rumors that went
around was one that . certain < members
of 'a large banking-house were : . hard hit
in the drop. 'A prominent, banker, iden
tified •to -a certain' 'extent with' .Union
Pacific Interests, ;was asked about the
report and the reasons for" the ' sharp
decline in Union Pacific." ¦ He;denied the
report of. difficulties^ .two -junior mem
bers of the big banking-house. - • ¦
• "The" decline." \ he said, "was caused
by heavy selling of an interest that'for
some '• time •. had '• been inimical * to : the
Union Pacific."
¦ Keene was not named, but -it was -at
once understood that he was. the "inter
est", referred to. When the "remark was
reported 1 to brokers on the' street, they"
said that if '. Keene could do what was
done :to Union' Pacific ne.waV not" "dead"'
yet by. a .long, way.
foot culvert, ? and was immediately ; re
paired, -while; the damage to the, .railway
storehouse at'Monitza' was confined to the
watchman's' hut and ; a number -of • tele
graph poles.- " •* ; "
?' The War. Minister^ has ordered, a search-
Ing inquiry i Into the ; conduct .'of the ; com
mandant- at Kllkitch, >" who It i Is alleged
connived at the -escape of •.; the ' band>* of
fifty insurgents ' which recently surround
ed the ! village ,. of > Powstalar; r, near I KI1 T
kitch.
Special Di6patch to The CalL
Sharp Decline in
Union Pacific
Shares.
KEENE'S RAID
CAUSES FALL
IN PRICES
SALONICA, Aug. 8.-Many of the alarm'- 1
ing outrages . which < are - alleged to have
occurred recently, such as, the blowing up
of a bank at Adrianbple and the massacre
at Kllkitch. about twenty-five 'miles north
of Salonica,. turn out ;to have been mere
ly a' part of the Insurgent programme, ¦ th'e
carrying out of .which was .fixed for. Aug
ust 2. V Their '- execution -was •prematurely
announced. 'Similarly* the- dynamite .af
fairs 'at ? Ekisson, * near; Monastir, "arid ?at
Moriitza were of quite minor importance.
Thcbridge at' Ekisson was only an eleven-
Bridge Destroyed at Ekisson Only ait
Eleven-Foot Affair.
OUTRAGES ARE • EXAGGERATED.
PHILLIPOPOLIS, Capital of Roumelia,
Bulgaria, Aug. 8.— A dynamite explosion
occurred to-day which wrecked a number
of buildings in the most thickly populated
section of the: city. The remains of three
persons have been discovered in the ruins.
It is said '^thatHhe explosion was the re
sult of the police surprising a band .of
Macedonian revolutionists, who, in their
confusion, dropped the. bombs. . ;.
Surprised Revolutionists Cause a Dis
astrous Explosion.
ACCIDENTALLY DROP BOMBS.
The diplomats here are uneasy, fearing
that the trouble . may. spread outside the
bounds of Macedonia. So long as the trou
ble is confined to the usual skirmishing
bands and occasional dynamite outrages
It Is not believed that there will .be any
serious cause for alarm. Up to the pres
ent the action of. the embassies has been
confined to advising the Porte to prevent
the Mussulman population engaging . in
fights with the Insurgents.
"Twelve battalions of Redlfs in the san
jak of Serfijo and'the villayet of Monastir
have been calledout.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 8.-The In
surrectionary movement in Macedonia ap
pears to : be widening.. Bands are repo'rt
ed to be active pi the sanjak of Uskub
and the district of Krushevo, where the
government telegraph offices have been
dynamited, while in the district of" Dlbra
four Bulgarian villages have revolted,
provoking a corresponding rising ", In the
neighboring Albanian villages.. According
to the statements of the Porte, however,
the authorities have succeeded in calming
the Albanians and Inducing them* to re
turn to their homes.
Movement May Spread Beyond the
Confines of -Macedonia.
DYNAMITERS ABE BUSY.
Klng Peter of Servla Is a new and un
known factor in the situation. "but, in view
of his age, reputation for prudence and his
friendship for Austria, it is believed un
likely that he will take any step to add to
the existing complications.
VIENNA, Aug. 8.— A dispatch from Sa
lonlca says M. Rostkovskl/ the Russian
Consul at Monastir, has been shot and
killed by a Turk, whom the Consul re
proved for failure to salute him. Details
of the assassination arc lacking.
VIENNA, Aug. 8.— The Government Is
still without definite news . regarding
Macedonia, but the opinion In well in
formed quarters is that grave events' are
liable to develop before the snows come
and drive the insurgents from the'moun
tains. The insurgents appear to be well
armed and able to prosecute a vigorous
campaign until the winter, and to resume
the fighting in the spring. On the other
hand, the Turkish troops have been five
months in the field and are further dis
heartened by riot having received any pay.
They, are reported to be. deserting in in
creasing numbers. It is believed here that
trie position of the Macedonians has been
greatly' strengthened by th« simultaneous
disturbances 1n\Armenia,' and' it is con
sidered that the latter. movement Is more
likely - to : attract 'sympathy from Europe
and lead to a consideration- of- the ': whole
situation In the Turkish empire.- -
6ne of the most prominent figures in
the Balkan situation' is Prince Ferdinand
of Bulgaria, upon 'whose ; attltude at the
present juncture- peace or war Is";be
lieved to largely depend. If he elects to
continue the policy desired by the powers,
the disturbances may' be' confined to a few
skirmishes arid dynamite outrages. and a
Turko-Bulgarlan war., may be averted—
this year at any rate. At the same. time,
it is recognized ¦ that the increasing pres
sure of the revolutionary committees may
force him to take action. 'r'J-:'.
Powers May Take Hand in
Settling the Balkan
Disturbances.
Reproof for Failure
to Salute Angers
Ottoman.
Representative of
the Czar Assas
sinated.
TURK KILLS
CONSUL AT
MONASTIR
CONVICT THERON AND COMPANIONS HEAD FOR THE MOUNTAINS;
SACRAMENTO OFFICERS EXCHANGE SHOTS WITH NIGHT PROWLER
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST S, 1903— FORTY-EIGHT PAGES.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 70.
PRICE FT^E^CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
P\ \A \ ' <fc 4 <P %
" Continued on Page 22, Column 2.
Continued on Page 22, Column 2.
Continued on Pago 22, Co1tut»» <
Continued on Page 22, Column 5.At the hospitals confusion reigned for a
while. There was not room enough nor
many of the injured to the hospitals.
One who stood out prominently for the
valuable assistance he rendered was the
Rev. Father John A. Tracy of St. Louis,
Mo. He was a spectator at the game and
the moment the crash came ho went to
the rescue. He assisted in extricating
many of the injured from under the
wreckage.,. An express 'wagon was stand
ing near by, in which were three trunks.
He mounted the wagon, threw out the
baggage, directed the loading of seven in-*
Jured men into the vehicle and ordered a
prominent politician of the city to mount
the driver's box and drive to the nearest
hospital. The politician obeyed. One of
the injured men died Just after reaching
the hospital.
CONFUSION IN HOSPITALS.
Continued From Page 21, Column 1.
BLEACHERS FALL.
An examination of the stand after the
accident showed many of the wooden sup
ports, which extended three feet beyond
the walk, to be rotten. They were about
two and a half inches thick and about six
inches wide. They broke off flush with
the wall.
were there attendants enough to look
after the patients. They were laid out in
the hallways and on the floors- of the
wards, and in several instances- patients
gave up half their beds to injured men or
boys. "While the hospital attendants and
outsiders, who had come in to help the
hospital staffs, were looking after the in
jured, clergymen were soothing and com
forting the victims. Catholic priests who
were sent for gave absolution to the dy
ing and others that were so badly hurt
that their lives were despaired of.
It Is estimated that fully 100 persons
who were injured went direct to their
homes. .
The man arrested at an early hour
yesterday morning and taken to the City
Prison on suspicion that he was Fred
Howard, one of the escaped convicts from
Folsom penitentiary, was able to satisfy
the police that he was not Howard and
he was released. The police are continu
ing the search for Howard, as they bo
lie ve that he is the man who was seen
In a drug store on the water front. It
is also reported that a man resembling
Howard had been seen in Oakland on
Vriday.
0*-M-M"M-M II I* IIM'M-HM'0
Man. Was Not Howard.
Mme. Humbert persisted throughout
in her vague statements, and the Inter
rogation ended without any definite in
formation being extracted from her.
Part of the time she was attended by a
doctor, who administered restoratives
to her.
#.>I»H»H--X-I-H"l"I"I":"M"l"I-'I"I»H-0
Judge Bonnett asked if any one ever
saw the bonds she claimed to have de
posited within the famous safe, and
Mme. Therese replied: "res; many, per
sons saw and actually counted them. I
tell you the fortune actually exists. I
am an honest woman. I declare it."
Each question put to Madame Humbert
brought forth lengthy declarations of her
honesty. In the courFe of which she as
serted that her family was one of th<j
most upright in France, and that It was
the victim of a far-reaching conspiracy.
Despite the accusations, she insisted her
family never wrongfully took a penny.
Tbe hearing was then adjourned until
the afternoon.
The bravado of Theresa Humbert and
her success in avoiding detailed explana
tions aroused surprise and some admira
tion among the, audience.
At the afternoon session while Judge
Bonnett was critically, reviewing the
story of the Crawford inheritance Mme.
Humbert complained of being suddenly
taken with a violent illness. The Judge,
however, insisted on proceeding with
the case, intimating his belief that her
sickness was feigneti. He then went*
into the details of the alleged Crawford
operations and their fleeting residence at
New York, whereupon Mme. Humbert
revived sufficiently to exclaim, "I will
prove everything. I will show my good
faith, but not to-day. Not while I am
eick."
ness, saying she had received large pres
ents. When the court demanded the ex
act details regarding the presents, she
replied!
'"All will be explained." and ehe warm
ly explained that the details would be
supplied at the opportune time.
Later her calmness in putting off her
disclosures excited outbursts of laughter,
in which judgas and spectators Joined.
Questioned as to the Crawford brothers,
she exclaimed: "I repeat that the Craw
fords exist."
"Then, v.-here are they?" inquired the
judge.
"Their presence will be made known in
due time." she- replied, amid another out
burst of laughter.
Judge Bonnet remarked that she, had
given the same answer before, and now
was the time to produce the Crawfords.
DEFENDS HER FAMILY.
Continued From Page 21, Column 3.
FRESNO. Aug. 8.— A report is in circu
lation here that Convict Joseph Murphy
is in town and the police force of Fres
no is searching the haunts of hobos a.11
over the city. A tramp got on a freight
train cdmlng In from Mendota early this
evening and after paying his fare refused
to" go to the caboose to ridel- Two of the
train hands talked to film and both
thought his actions suspicious. After
reaching Fresno they made separate trips
to police headquarters and each Identified
the picture of Murphy as the man he had
seen on the train.
Man Killed at Davisville.
Mystery Surrounds Identity of the
SEARCHING FOR MURPHY.
Under Sheriff Brown has sent photo
graphs of the dead man to the State pris
ons and to various Sheriffs In an effort to
Identify him. The officers all agree that
lie does not answer the description 0/ any
of the convicts who escaped from Folsom.
The stranger said his name was Kaed-
Ing, but refused to say anything more.
From other sources it was learned that
he Is H. M. Kaedlng, a mining engineer.
He stated that if he should identify the
deceased lie would positively refuse to
make the name public for family reasons.
He Paid that the description published in
The Call this morning furnished the ele\*
on which he was working. In company
with the Coroner he visited the morgue
and made a critical examination of the
dead mari, hut while he was doing so the
reporters were denied admission. When
the stranger was leaving he said he was
not satisfied and would have to make an
other examination by daylight" before he
would say positively whether or not he
identified the man. His impression gained
by the first examination by gas light is
that he is not the man he' expected to
find.
WOODLAND, Aug. S,— The unknown
man killed by Constable Halnllno and
Deputy Sheriff Johnsq^i at Davisvllle Fri
day afternoon was not burled to-day, as
Coroner Kltto received a message from
San Francisco signed "John Wilson," re
questing that the body be held Mr Iden
tification by relatives. A man arrivel on
the evening train and inquired for Coro
ner Kitto. When asked If his name was
Wilson, he replied: "No. the old man
could not come and I am here in hia
stead." /
NO ONE CI*AIMS THE BODY.
MADAME HUMBERT
Sheriff Mansfield Joined Sheriff Reese to
day and will assist in the hunt for Fahey
at this point.
Two men told Reese and Judge that a
man. who said he was one of the escapes,
asked for the shortest way to the Coast
Range mountains without passing through
Woodland. The officers felt positive the
man was Howard from the description
given, and started in the direction the
man had taken. They soon lost all trace
of him and returned to this city.
Continued From Pag-e 21, Column 7.
HOWARD GETS
OUT OF REACH
OF PURSUERS
PL.TMOUTH, Aug. 8.— Sheriff Nor
man and his men are still encamp
ed near Ham Station along the
middle fork- of the Cos'umnes Riv
er. They will move to the northward
shortly in accordance with instructions
sent to the leader of the posse by a
mounted courier from Sheriff Bosquit of
El Dorado County. Sheriff Norman has
been convinced all along that the con
victs are progressing slowly up the river
bed parallel with the ridge road leading
to the summit. He had come to the con
clusion that the outlaw^ advance only one
or two miles daily In order that excite
ment may die out. Ills men are quar
tered In a camp on the ridge road and
guard the covered approaches along the
river day. and -night. Th« other Sheriffs
tried the pursuit plan, but the Amador
peace officer determined to attempt to
ambush the quarry. So he set traps and
planned to have the convicts walk Into
them. Instead of coming to meet Norman
the convicts turned northward toward the
rough country.
Previous to the arrival of Sheriff Bos
quit's messenger, Norman decided to
wait until he was pure the quarry had es
caped and then head the felon3 off aTgalnon
the way to the summit. He has a month's
supplies and provisions with him. how
ever, and will keep in touch with the sit
uation and try to land his game as long
as there appears any chance of success.
He sent for reinforcements last night and
two or three men left Plymouth and
Jackson to-day to assist him.
Dr. Norman, a brother of th© Sheriff,
has become excited over the hunt and
left to-night on horseback to join the
posse. The people at Wiley s Station
thought Thursday night that the guards
on the river had seen the convicts, as
several rifle shots were heard In that di
rection. It was discovered subsequently
that one of the man hunters had taken
a little diversion by shooting at a bear.
The animal was wounded, but escaped.
Now that the outlaws have swerved
from their course Norman will co-operate
with Bosquit and the professional trail
ers. The Amador County Sheriff, how
ever, will not be persuaded from his view
that the outlaws ore trying to get to the
country in the vicinity of West Point,
where one of the hunted felons is thought
to have friends. Little can be done by
any of the pursuers until the convicts are
located. A deluge of false rumors makes
the way dark and progress extremely
slow.
ALL IS READY
FOR CORONATION
Pope Forbids Acclama
tion at Vatican or
Basilica.
ROME, Aug. 8.— By special permission
a representative of the press was allowed
to enter St. Peter's to-night to observe
the preparations for the coronation to
morrow. In the center aisle a wide space
has been fenced off for the passage of
tfle cortege. The chapels have been richly
decorated with red damask fringed with
gold. The Papal throne rises majestic
ally at the farther end of the great build
ing, being a bewildering mixture of gold,
red and silver and appearing altogether
too gorgeous to be sat in. On the right a
space has been reserved for the diplo
matic body, the Knights of Malta, and
special representatives and envoys; on the
left another space has- been reserved for
the Roman aristocracy.
The portico of St. Peter's has been
closed by immense curtains to prevent
any one from looking in as the Pope
passes, which would seem to confirm the
statement that Pope Plus X will not bless
the people from .an outside balcony as
was half expected. ¦.¦¦.,
The new Pope has been upsetting all
customs at the Vatican. 'When courtiers
thought to-day" to give him pleasure by
saying that he would have, a tremendous
reception at St. Peter's on Sunday, the
Pope was much * displeased and absolute
ly forbade anything of the kind, saying
that he would not have it. He called his
major domo, who thereupon issued the
following proclamation, which was dis
tributed as widely as possible:
"It Is the warm desire of his Holiness
to have no acclamation at the Vatican or
Basilica, and that the most devout and
most religious silence be maintained."
Another innovation at the Vatican Is the
Pope's refusal to permit everybody to be
sent away when he appears. A gendarme
had ordered away some masons who were
working about the grounds because the
Pope was about to come forth. The Pope
himself witnessed this action and had the
gendarme severely reprimanded. The
masons were recalled and the Pope spoke*
to each of them, laying his hand on their
he"ads and giving them his blessing, to
their immense delight The Pope also in
sists on continuing his habit of accom
panying all persons whom he has received
to the door, no matter how humble. Every
diplomatic measure has been adopted ' to
have him abandon this custom, but with
out avail. He declares his wish so to do,
and he will. ; V
The outcry regarding the distribution of
the tickets for the coronation ceremonies
has assumed vast proportions. Many dis
tinguished Catholics, especially foreigners
who have arrived \ in Rome for the pur
pose of being present at the ceremonies,
have been unable to obtain tickets, while
speculators are selling them on the
streets. At the French embassy accred
ited to the Vatican great indignation pre
vails, and a communication has been ad
dressed to the press Informing the French
colony that, it will be impossible to pro
vide tickets, as only thirty have been re
ceived at the embassy. The Government
has ordered 1000 troops to occupy the
plaza in front of St. Peter's at 4 O'clock
Sunday morning.
The departure from Rome of Cardinals
langenitux and Lecot without waiting for
the coronation Is much commented upon,
as the French Cardinals had refused un
til the last moment to vote for Sarto.
PITTS X RECEIVES VILLAGERS.
Delegation From His Birthplace Calls
at the Vatican.
ROME, Aug. g.— After receiving several
Cardinals, Pius X to-day admitted to pri
vate audience Signor Andreazza, Mayor
of RIese,. the" Pontiffs birthplace, and
some of the municipal authorities, j The
meeting was full of Interest, as Andreaz
za knew the Pope familiarly, years ago.
The Mayor and his companions are little
better than peasants r and presented a
most^ incongruous group in the gorgeous
setting of the Vatican. They were-bewil
dered : and ; evidently too timid to ask
where they should go. so they stood hud
dled, together/ twirling their hats In their
hands,'Untll the guard -took pity onUhem
OUTLAWS TAKE
TO WATER TO
AVOID HOUNDS
Continued From Page 21, Column 6.
eoesooaooooococoooo
eluding the two posses which are pursu
ing them. Sheriff Bosquit says it Is only
a matter of time "now until the chase is
over.
The town is very quiet now that the
scene of action is drifting away, and a
general feeling of relief is felt.
Convicts Woods, Theron, Eldredf e, Mur
phy and Miller arc believed to compose
the band being fallowed by the officers.
RANCHERS ARE REJOICING.
The women and children of El Dorado
County in the outlying districts are over
joyed that tho colored convict, Seavis, Is
captured. Ever since the break at the
penitentiary the people of , the county
have been in dire dread that the Mack
brute would pay a visit to do murder. He
has been pictured everywhere as a fiend
Incarnate and his showing of the yellow
streak at Auburn was a great surprise.
The stage driver from Placer County
towns arrived in the city to-day with the
report that at every riouse along the
road men, women and children rushed out
to meet him to know if it was really true
that Seavis was once more in the hands
of the law and -safe behind prison bars.
The white outlaws are not feared so much
by reason of the succession of stories of
their courteous behavior at all the- places
where they have called. But Seavis was
declared to be literally hungering to slay.
It was said everywhere that he had want
ed to kill every man whom the escapes
met on the strength of the trite saying
that "Dead men tell no tales."
The capture of the negro marks an
epooh(In the history of th« chase. He
was reported to be In a dozen locations
every day and was "in reality the main
figure In the gang of outlaws In the mind3
of the people In general. Alarm has
given way to interest for tho most part
and the excitement is ebbing.
i The newspapers don't reach the dwell
ings of many of El Dorado County's in
habitants until three or "four days after
they are published. Reports of the cap
ture or killing of convicts #Lre so common
that the ranchers and their families do
not know Just what to believe. All along
the roads, therefore, people are crying
for the papers with the news of tho re
capture of the black desperado.
The greater part of {he people in the In
terior saw the papers to-day and went to
bed to sleep more easily than at any time
since the news of the prison break was
first circulated.
and sent them on the right way.' The
Pope soon put them at ease, saying:
"Come here and sit next to me."
From that moment Pius X spoke in the
Venetian dialect. Ho inquired after va
rious people In th© village, recalling with
evident satisfaction his personal inter
course with them, saying:
"Throughout my career and even now
I remember with joy and emotion my
youthful days among you. which were
also my happiest."
The. Mayor and the villagers tried to ex
press their gratification at the great hon
or accruing to their small village, from
Sarto's election, and also what a great
triumph* it was for him personally. The
Pontiff answered:
"I cannot yet realize it. On coming to
Rome I was so sure of peacefully return
ing to my patriarchate at Venice that I
am entirely unprepared for the position
forced upon me. I am working very hard,
but it will take some time before I shall
feel fit to thoroughly accomplish it."
Cardinal Gibbons has almost entirely re
covered from his indisposition, which he
believes was due to overfatigue oh
Wednesday, when he stood about three
hours in the Vatican In order to present
the American pilgrims to the Pope. To
day the Cardinal went for a drive. Af-
ter the coronation of Plus X to-morrow
he» intends to go for some days", rest to
Castle Gandolfe, on the beautiful lake of
Albano, near Rome, where the American
College has magnificent summer quarters.
The Pope, in order to aid the Catholic
University in Washington, has promised
Rector O'Connell that he will shortly is
sue a bull granting the apostolic benedic
tion to all of th© faithful participating in
the yearly collection which the Arch
bishops and Bishops in the United States
will raise for the university.
"The institution is destined," said the
Pope, "to become~the heart and center
of the clergy and of Catholicism in Amer
ica."
The Rev. J. J. Harty of St. Loul3 will
be consecrated Archbishop of Manila by
Cardinal Satolll on the 15th lnst.
It is persistently stated that Cardinal
Vlncenzo Vannutelll will be appointed
papal secretary of state In succession to
Cardinal Rampolla.
MABRIED AMID. SCENES
OF MOTHER'S CHILDHOOD
Miss Frances Kautz Becomes the
Wife of Captain Alvin Cham
bliss Head.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 8.— Led by her wish
to be married amid the scenes of her
mother's childhood, Miss Frances Kautz,
the prettiest girl In "Western army cir
cles, was married to Captain Alvin Cham
bliss Read. U. S. A., to-day at St. Paul's
Cathedral. The wedding was a military
affair, with all the brilliancy of gold
braid, shining sabers and draped Ameri
can flags.
Miss Kautz is the daughter of the late
General A. V. Kautz. U. S. A., and has an
uncle. Rear Admiral Kautz, and a broth
er, Lieutenant Austin Kautz. in the navy.
The wedding Is the result of a romantic
and Impetuous wooing, which began last
year when Captain Read was stationed at
Fort Whipple, Prescott. Ariz., where Miss
Kautz was the reigning belle.
MIUINCr MAN ATTACKS
FREIGHT SOLICITOR
C. T. Carahan Fires Four Shots at
Hugh Swearinger and Beats
•FT*™ With Revolver.
DENVER, Aug. 8.— C. T. Carahan. a
prominent mining man, fired four shots
at Hugh Swearinger, contracting freight
solicitor of the Burlington road, in the
ticket office of the Burlington this.after
noon and then attacked Swearinger jwith
the revolver. The shots went wild and
Swearinger was not ! badly hurt by the
blows struck before the men were sepa
rated. The ca/ise of the shooting is not
positively known, but the police believe
it to be a case of jealousy.
CHILDREN SAVE MOTHER.
Theirt Screams Frighten Away a
Negro Assailant.
VALPARAISO, Ind.. Aug. 8.— John Wil :
son.* a powerful negro, this afternoon at
tacked Mrs. Hugh A. Bitts, at ber home
four miles in the country. She was In
the > house with her two little children
wh^n the negro appeared at the door
and asked for matches. When he at
tacked her the children screamed and the
negro ran. Over a hundred neighbors
started in pursuit. The negro jumped a
passing freight train and escaped to "War
saw. The telephone had been used 'and
Deputy Sheriff Matthews and William
Wilson; a school teacher, were at the
depot. The negro - drew a knlf « and at
tacked Matthews, but was knocked un
conscious by a stone thrown by Wilson.
He confessed.
To-night the streets of the town have
been filled with angry farmers cf Wash
ington Township, muttering threats of
vengeance, but no attack on the jail 1*
feared."
Turn Toward the Granite Country Before
Place Where He Was Waiting With His Men.
ESCAPED FELONS AVOID TRAP
SET BY SHERIFF OF AMADOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.;
22
ADVEBTISE3IENTS.
IN wiim BREAST
A LUMP IS CANCER
A ;tunp or *ore on tbe lip, face or any-
where six months Is nearly always
cancer. It sever pains until
almost past core.
I WILL GIVE $1,000 j
If I Fail to CURB any CANCER or j
Tumor. NO KNIFE OR PAIN.
Xct a Dollar Seed Be Paid Until Cured.
Tbe nearest painless and infallible I
cure ever discovered. • Best free book on
cancers ever printed sent with tes-
timonials of thousands cured whom you
can see. A small lump in the breast
will poison the glands ln the armpit
where cure is often impossible.
In SO years I have cured more can-
cers than any other doctor living-. Why
experiment with the swindling X-Ray
or home treatment until past cure?
Investigate my absolute guarantee.
120-pape book sent free.
The Dr, Chamley Cancer Cure Co,,
"Strictly Sellable."
Offices: 23-25 Third St., SAN FRANCISCO.
Please send to some one with Cancer
• \ >^Vr^y^'^-".J V. ; -' T tr" ¦$&¦^*i i
Body 80 iRchec lose. 7 inches deep; 1%-lnch
• xles. Ions dlsiar.ee; wheel* 1^-lnch; A-jrrade
rprlnrs, ell tempered; nicely trimmed and fia-
pric . e .. thi . 3 649.50
Allison, Neff & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
San Francisco, CeL
*6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY^
a Q) ::r.]os£X7S7.t8ts:u?ji,s.r.cti4
\ X^ The Larpeit Aoatomicxl Musecm in the \
Q , 1 Jl 1 1 Worid Wukiiesset or any contracted g
1. Wi: SrJ &***** p»»*tl»^ly nr«l r.jrtht okiest W
O <S SI !>pe»a«lteC<wi Lit. 36 yeirs. Q
A fl§K I CR - J O RDAN - n !SEASES CF KEN A
1 f ®S^B Con»u!t»uoo free ind strictly pririte. \
to I iffi£ ti -rr " TIE '" t penonaJljr r.r br letifr. A A
\ S W n H f "°* i ~" °" rt a every cue ssderuken. T
Ct I It "m(;t Bxik. rDlLOMIPDYaf A
" I I BAnaiAGE. MAILED FREE. ( A f
A O H- »a'u»t-le buck lot urn) \
Y Da JUBDA.\dt:o..!(Sl Market Ht-.S. P. V
fttnee rvpe ecotrtucs I S&i t\jw
Witl.4 LIL9 jcaluhu!*! \ 7" JS&M
CCANULKTION. IMrLARHArtCM.CTC^V.JBF
BFISKTtKS OUt L CT IS, CiiHCR MM trt m '_MT
ti* AT CtUCtBTJI OPTICJAW CI «YPA«. T
rtURINE EYE REMEDY CO. CuiCHSb
HOTELS AND APAETMENTS.
the ALCALDE flats
725 O'FarrcII St.
STRICTLY FIRST CLASS.
Th«> most modern apartment-house wtft
of the Rocky Mountains. Handaoraely
lurnished throughout. Houaekeept«s flats
r>t TWO. THREE. FOUR AND FIVE
ROOMS. Fifty-four private baths: elec-
tric elevators; lone distance main lin«
phone in each flat: dumb waiters; electric
lights: laundry and dryer; all sunny rooms
Id a most respectable nelrhborboo* ; only
five Works from all leading: theaters and
center of fcasliiMi district. Call end see for
youirelres. THE ALCALDE, 725 O'Far-
reU et. Phone Private Exchange 700.
22S ELAINE I
APARTMENTS.
532 Turk Street, Near Larkin
THE MOST MODERN ANT>
UP-TO-DATE APARTMENT
BUILDING IN THE cITT.
FURN1SHKD or UNFURNISHED SUITES
FOR HOUSEK.EKPING.
Private exchange phone; porcelain tiath**
hot and cold water tn every rulte; eleva-
tors; Janitor service; exceptionally fine lo-
cation. ¦ •• ¦ ¦
i AUGUSTINE
M5 POST ST.. NEAR LARKIN.
Elegant apartments of i and 4 rooms, com-
jil'tel)' and tl-ennUy furnished for housekecp-
ln«; kitchen compiet* in every detail; high
• iars. strictly modern new buildlnc: an attrac-
tive and economical home in excellent neigh-
borhood: ready for occupancy.
UnifllllllBRHlllllIIfl
¦ MOTEL ¦
CRA YST4DNE
O 68 Geary rt.; phon* Etuh 880. ¦
B ' Elegant eultea and single rooms, with ™
3 bsths. Strictly modern hlcli-class fire- Q
rt proof hot«>L Ontrally located. The Fj
5; finest moderate priced hotel in the city V
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BKMMBW1
The BRADBURY
Under New Management
1«>» CALIFORNIA ST.. COR. POLK,
nieeantly Kurnibhed Rooms and Suites. K.x-
r-*lt»nt Table. Jlome Comforts. Phone Hyde
t7TI.
The OCTAVI1
1«23 OcU\1a et.. brt. Post and Geary.
Elerantly furnieh*il «nd uuiurnish^ 3
and 4 room apartments. (45 up. Fine loca-
Hon and neighborhood.
i San Francisco's Oldest and Host .FcBaMe Department Store.
; Manufacturers of Cutlery and Dealers In Barber Supplies.
; save your money; we help you to do so
! by selling you goods at just V 2 the price
' you pay. elsewhere. This is your savings
! bank. Don't fail to overlook our bar-
! gains.
I These Prices Only for Monday and Tuesday,
i BIRRftlUQ i '
| \ filDDUliO-
• IMPORTED NOVELTY RIBBONS, 5 inches wide, in white, blue,
1 * maize, sage and cardinal; also an exquisite line of E>r«dens
! Reg. price from 50c to 75c yard; our special luc y« a
1 FRFNCH FAILLENTIN5 RIBBON. 6 inches wide, in black, white
! *"" R^P^ Sdf^pSa. 33c y ard
! TAFFETA GLACE RIBBON. 4 inches wide, all silk, in pmk. blue.
I maize, nile. old rose, lilac, red, white and black, adapted for sashes
>¦*_' and bows. -''• -^• ; ¦ Y . -* «« j
I Reg. price 29c; our special •.. 14c yard
I VFII ING
I Just received anew assortment of Veils, all the latest Eastern and
[ Parisian designs, one yard long Special loc
> DRAPE VEILS. CHIFFON, silk mesh, plain, polka dot and^fancy.
> Reg. price 30c and 50c; our special -** c each
I MADE VEILS, in black, brown, blue, white, plain and fancy.
> Reg. price 75c; our special -• 35c
> Illusion or Maline, in pink. blue, gray, maize, red, white or black; best
1 quality." Regular 15c yard ; our special 10c yard
i Ladies' Neckwear
* LADIES' TAB AND OVER COLLARS, embroidered in different
> shades. L
I s Reg. price 15c; our special -...». ...3c
> LADIES' LACE COLLARS, a beautiful assortment of pretty designs.
* Reg. price 15c; our special .5c,
! LADIES' CROATS AND TIES, in all colors.
> Reg. price 25c; our special v» „ lOc
1 All Silk White Stock Collars, also white collars with colored tabs, trim-
med with silk and pearl buttons. »
( Reg. price soc and 75c; our special 25c
1 VI^IT OI IP ROOK' BABY BASKETS.
> V1J1I V^LJIV. DUUIV A chfcee selection of baby baskets.
» HPD'T ln a11 «hapes and sizes, of various
> UCtr 1 • - designs—
> Weddintr Bells-a record book of Unllned or with silk Hningr. SOc to
> th© wedding, elegantly bound ln sami."on"«t'aArti"J2"nn"t*f»""' «-*J-i»
> white silk and handaomely illus- §££• t?oS22Su Basket TruWul' ti-
trated. Every bride should have nno fi at)y Trousseau Basket Trunks $4^.*
! Baby's Book-to keep a record of J TRA y, ELE ?$: ATTENTION!
, Incidents in baby's life, nicely bound A new lln « °* Trunks iust recetred;
I* In ribbon cloth and handsomely 11- & ood looKinr. strong and w«ll made:
lustrated 81.35 fi "j styles. »50 to $10.00
Name the Baby-a book with 1200 ones lf * oxl want them, up to
I names, with the meaning of each. "* JS^u.UU
and other Information 4Oc SUIT CASES.
1 The Care of Children and "What Twenty styles of durable, 'attrac-
• Women Should Know— Two indlBpen. tlve and nicely finished suit cases
I sable books, by Scovil.. 9Se J1.25 to $5 00
BEERS
Guaranteed Pure.
None So Good*
i Sold EVergtcherti '
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific t-'oaat Agents.
/Af\ Patented fi^S
V\ Spheroid /il
J -T Eye Glasses Hm
Y*X wm topfo™ the sight. | 1
I J Prices moderate. v^, I
'V I Ml T L^k- " *\ Tmt ¦ iZlfr ti
EVERY WOMAN
f --^^ is interested and should know ",' m m
,^£§?§j%jj. about the wonderful
4^^»V^\ UAD1ICI WH1RUKG
MARAnitL spray v
«J\ w)^Mar^'Mlw 1 n « we*" Varlaal Syrtzgi.
K&VV§ V. 1 -V5R t r \% Injection amJ Sucttom. i
IIRSKS^cP^W Best-Safest-Most Con.
N&\S!CiO"^»3^ venlent. ItOstntei
UuuaUy.
AtkyoorrfmjrbtfwIL j®^S~SS5E>-'"~^" 1 *
If h<- r.nnot .upply tho X/j^T '^ (O ,
other, but send sump for (lias. \\ # '*i*V/
tntmt hook-scaled. ItgiT*»flin X\ f ''fyf
toladie- M.UIVKI. CO.. °T^Pff^/W
Room 203. Tim— Bdg.. N»w York. *»*<UkJ r .
HngwEAic men
'ftSsr^BSn DR - **ALL"S REINVIGORATOP.
HSSl 151*1 steps all losses and unnatural dia-
a M charges tn 24 hours. Tou feet an
B39 d?J Improvement from the ftrst doa*.
KrTl r Irfi We h* ve *° much confidence la our
It'll} tijij treatment that we offer FTv»
FvTj { |l Hundred reward tor any case w-»
¦JiiMWiri i i il cure. Thla secret remeUy
cures lost power, nljrhtly emtsatona, wasted or-
rans, varlcocele. gleet, strictures, kidneys, fail-
ing memory, drains in th* urtse. gonorrhoea,
disease of .the Dirstate glands and alt ether
terrible eS«cta ot salf-abuiw or excesses, which
lead on to consumption and death. Posttiveiy
cures the worst case* in old or your.gr ot tnas
mortifying condition, quickness of the dis-
charge, and wanting to do, and you can't. Sent
sealed. $2 per bottle, three bottle*. 13. Guar-
anteed to cure any case. >
Call or addn-ss orders HALL'S MEDICAL.
INSTITUTE. 85» Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for «al» at 10T3«i Market St.. 8. F. Send
for tree book. -
CUTLERS
EVEOT BLADE .WARRANTED
SA1IPLB TRUNKS TO ORDER. RF-PAUUNO,
J. MARTT, 22 TURK ST.
Factory 820 Howard st." > J^. "V
A D VEBTISEKENTS.
Extra Dry.
mm
Importations for six months ending June 30,
? """"""""""""""""
Being greatei*, by far, than the importations for
any previous six months.
The Extra Dry of the superb 1898 Vintage now
arriving is conceded to be the choicest
Champagne produced this decade.
DR. PIE2CE'S SEMEDIES.
How long will it take tlie man to fln
the sack if he does not stop the leak?
To attempt to nourish the body when tho
stomach is dis- *— ,
eased is like try- / - \ J •
ing to fill the j^gr^^
sack with the C-^^ol
hole in it. When \UsV\iT
the stomach and ifVv^fej* 1 "^.
other digestive
and nutritive or- /^sSSJBfaj'
gans are dis- / >§|§§§£|P*?\\^"^
eased, there is a )^|BSs|fp|\\\ \^>* \
constant loss o M^^nH^n\vy y? "l
Enough is eatenL^^SS^Mul/ ,V
but the bodyVftU^ F^V
loses flesh,-plain "¦x^na
proof thai the \ /BS
Food eaten is 1 /«»«
largely wasted 1 / jslf
because it is riot n 7 R^|j
digested and as- I ¦ ' fSm
Dr. Pierce's I log
Golden Medical I llUa
Discovery cures I \ fig!
diseases of the LjiL ViFi
stomach and §|il« \ij
other organs of IJIaasL jw
digestion and \Mm 1
nutrition. It ]^Tlt
stops the leaks Jim &B
by which nutri- \\^^_j^fM
tion is lost, and 5J* /agjr
enables the • ~~~. ~"^»^
building up of t the body by the nutri-
tion derived from food. The gain in
weight proves the cure.
"Three years ago I was taken sick with what
the doctor called nervousness and indigestion,"
writes Mrs. Warren E. Parker, of Orange Street,
Nantuclcet. Mass. " He gave me medicine for
the trouble, but I could not eat even a little toast
or oatmeal without suffering severely. Ina few
months 1 began to have distressing painsright
in the pit of my stomach. I called the doctor
again and he said I had catarrh of stomach;
nve me medicine bat it did not do any good.
ost 23 pounds in three months. • I then com-
menced taking Dr. Pierce's medicine* and soon
began to feel better. I have taken six bottles ot
• Golden Medical Discovery." two of ' Favorite
Prescription ' and six vials of Dr. Pierce's Pel-
lets. ¦ I have rained ten pounds. Can eat every-
thing."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES:
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
rmZSK AJTD BAiT MEATS.
fiC RftVAC & m ShlpplnK Butchers, 104
JAj. DUIEJ g tU. Clay. TeL Main 129*.
OI1S.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS.
418 Front st. 8., F. Phone Main 1718.
E.C HUGHES, : 5116^^3^
ADVEBTISEMENTS. • _._ -
THE I ' " V 1
TEEPLE <3 t||kN
H Is comparatively a new make; but it is modern in wl
pj equipment, in high quality of tone and in all the Ir
If essentials that go to make a thoroughly acceptable B
I piano. It stands for the latest and best there is in
I modern piano building.
I We shall be pleased to demonstrate its superior -
I qualities if you will call at our salesrooms.
I Our liberal and easy terms of sale go with the
y Price & Teeple Piano if you Hesire.
k Specialists in Pianos of Quality i
I 931-933 Market Street I
I SAN FRANCISCO. |
I Branch, Corner of 9th and Broadway, Oakland IBAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 8.— The
board of managers of the Southern Cali
fornia' State • Hospital at . Patton was in
session last night investigating the
charges of Insubordination brought by Su
perintendent Campbell : against CV : R.
Whittaker, steward of the hospital. Stew
ard Whittaker was found guilty and dis
charged from his position.
Steward Whittaker Is Dismissed.
ASTORIA, Aug. 8.— To Miss; Frances
Thomas has fallen the honor of reigning
during the ninth annual regajta, which
will be held at this city on August 19, 20
and 21. Miss Thomas scored a decided
victory in the contest, winning by 90,000
votes. She is the niece* of Mrs. W. . O.
Wilkinson and one of the most attractive
young women of the Northwest.
Chosen Queen of the Regatta.
Burglars Are Sentenced.
Two burglars who pleaded guilty in
Judge Cook's court appeared for sentence
yesterday. Joseph William Wagner for
burglary in the first degree was sen
tenced to serve five years in San Quen
tin and Fred Herrmann for burglary in
the second degree was sent to the same
institution for one year. Wagner broke
Into the saloon of Ernest Blohm. 201 Main
street, on the morning of May 15 and
stole several bottles of liquor and boxes
of cigars. A charge of robbery against
him is held in abeyance. Herrmann broke
into the store of M. Marcuse & Co., 125
Sansome street, on May 9 and was dis
covered hiding under a box.
Fell Into a Vat of Hot Water.
Lena Volunga, aged 8 years, residing
with her parents at 12 Union place, was
severely scalded about the arms, chest
and neck yesterday at the canning works
at Seventh and Berry streets. The little
girl, who Is employed at the works, was
leaning over a vat filled with boiling
water. Into which cans of fruit were
about to be placed for preservation, when
she dipped from the stand and fell. She
was sent to the Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Stevens relieved her sufferings
by eoothlng applications, after which sho
w»« iuqi homo. . .
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 8.— Paul Wilkes
Jr. has been arrested on a felony charge
and released on $1000 bail pending his ex
amination. Wilkes is accused by Reese
Llewellyn, president of the Llewellyn
Iron Works, of having utilized the forged
signature of that firm and others in can
vassing for subscriptions to an advertis
ing book Wilkes was about to publish. It
Is alleged that he used these j spurious
contracts as an inducement for others to
subscribe. Wilkes denies that .the con
tracts were shown in any illegal way.
Accused of "Using Forged Signature.
BUTTER CREEK, Aug. 8.— Father "Wil
liam Maloney, a native of Ireland, aged
61 years and for almost a quarter of a
century In charge of the Catholic churches
of Sutler Creek, Amador City, Drytown,
Plymouth and Volcano, died suddenly this
morning of heart failure. Father Maloney
was widely known and respected.
Death of a Popular Clergyman.
Longshoremen Go Out on Strike.
• TACOMA, Aug. 8.— Longshoremen are
on a strike against the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company on the ground that
the company is paying 10 cents per hour
less for overtime and holidays than the
other companies. As a consequence a
crew of only seven men were unloading
the City of Puebla to-day» which ordin
arily requires about fifty men.
NEVADA CITY, Aug. 8.— A forest fire
Is burning furiously in the vicinity of Re
lief Hill, and although hundreds of men
have been battling with the. flames for
the past four days they are not yet under
control. More than 40,000 shakes are
burned, besides five square miles of tim
ber land. It was only after a hard fight
that the men managed to keep the fire
from destroying the flumes *at North
Bloomfleld. The fire still threatens to do
more damage to the small farms and
shake ranches in its path. It is estimated
that enough timber has been destroyed
to keep a large sawmill running at least
two years.
Forest Fire Sweeps Timber Lands.
Kllauea Is the largest active volcano in
the •world. The circumference of its oval
shaped crater is nine miles and its depth
is 1000 feet. It is on the island of Hawaii,
where are also located the volcanoes
Wauna Kea, 13,675 feet, and Mauna Loa,
13,805 feet. Mauna Kea is quiescent, but
Mauna Loa is Intermittently active. Kii
auea is in constant eruption. Through the
Bides of the vast cones the flows of lava
are usually forced, the terminal crater at
the same time emitting clouds of smoke
and streams of lava covering miles in ex
tent. Several eruptions from Kllauea
have found their way to the sea, mater
ially adding to the island's area.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 8.— Engineer War
boy, who was in charge of the engine
that drew the Lowe Bpeclal Into Los An
geles yesterday, received 5450 for the skill
he displayed. When "Warboy took the
train at San Bernardino Lowe, in his anx
iety to complete his wonderfHl Journey,
offered $50 for every minute gained by the
engineer over the schedule. l*~.S'
The run from San Bernardino to Los
Angeles Is sixty miles,, and Warboy cov
ered the distance in sixty-two minutes
nine minutes ahead of the. schedule. A
great part of the run was at the rate of
a mile for every fifty seconds.
Receives §450 for the Fast Bun Made
Between. San Bernardino and .
I Los Angeles.
ENGINEER ON THE LOWE
SPECIAL EABNS BEWABD
HONOLULU, Augr. 8.— The volcano Kll
auea was to-day virtually lifeless for the
first time in many years. Last night
there •was an enormous lava slide from
the rim of. the pit and since then neither
steam not smoke has come up from the
crater. Yesterday several columns were
seen higher than the craters of Mauna
Loa volcano (13,000 feet), but they havo
since disappeared and the entire moun
tain is now the quietest In lta history.
Enormous Slide of Lava
Temporarily Smoth
ers Its Fires.
KILAUEA VOLCANO
CEASES ACTIVITY
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 8.— Robert J. Bur
dette.the humorist, lecturer and preach
er, will be ordained a minister of the Bap
tist church August 13. The announcement
has been made by the Southern Califor
nia conference of the Baptist church.
Burdette is at present what is termed a
licensed preacher, but has never been
regularly -ordained. The step follows his
assumption of the pastorate of the re
cently organized Temple Baptist Church
of this city— The ceremony of ordination
will be an elaborate one and will be at
tended by the prominent Baptist clergy
men of the State.
Noted Lecturer Is to Be Ordained a
Minister of the Baptist
Church.
HCTMORIST BURDETTE . y-c ~\
TO BECOME A CLERGYMAN
DAVIS WILL BRING SUIT
AGAINST MARSHAL TIBBET
Believes That a Recount of the Bal
:;r; lots Will Show That He;
Was Elected.
BAKERSFIELD, Tlug. 8.— Attorney
General AVebb has granted permission to
E. P. Davis to bring suit for the office
of Marshal of Bakersfield. At the elec
tion last. April Davis was defeated by
five votes by the late Marshal, T. J. Pack
ard, and brought suit against the deceased
officer for the office, to which the Trustees
appointed Bert M. Tibbet, the slayer of
Outlaw McKinney. The courts, however,
refused to hear the case on the ground
that they could not acquire jurisdiction
over a deceased person. The suit will
now be brought directly against Tibbet
and the ballots recounted.
Fire Sufferers Prepare to Rebuild.
BIGGS, Aug. 8.— The business men of
Biggs will commence reconstruction work
as soon as the smoldering ruins are clear
ed away. \E. A. Walker, G. K. Smith,' Dr.
Caldwell, H.C. Veatch and L. L. Cook,
the principal land owners of the burned
district, will build modern buildings. J.
D. Brown, principal owner of the Sacra
mento Valley Bank, wires Manager John
M. Brough from San Francisco that he
will be in Biggs Sunday with plans for
a new bank building.
Mistakes Companion for a Deer.
UKIAH, Aug. 8.— While hunting deer
near Potter Valley yesterday John Sut
ter shot and fatally wounded his com
panion. Both men are students of the
Mount Tamalpais Military "Academy and
have been stopping at Yakel's resort f or
the last six weeks. The wounded man is
a native of Japan. His name could not
be made out over the telephone. He is
not expected to live.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 8.-
Just before leaving on her foreign trip
Mrs. Stanford made a final gathering of
nearly all the old family relics and other
valuables and curios and sent them to ihe
university museum. They ere now being
unpacked and arranged. Among the
large number of cases of these articles
there are many which might be the envy
of any museum. A complete set of china
dishes which were a wedding present to
Mrs. Stanford's mother and a very val
uable collection of Sevres from the eight
eenth century are the most beautiful of
the large amount of porcelain ware 'that
has arrived, and sets of, old silverware
and Venetian glass that have been in the
family mansion here for many years are
of especial Interest. There is one room in
the museum in which everything relating
to the Stanford family has been placed,
and a great part of this recent gift is
being put there. Among the new articles
to be exhibited there ia the last thing
made by Mrs. Julia D. Grant, the wife
of General Grant. It Is a little woolen
carpet, which she knit as a present to
Mrs. Stanford, and with it is the last let
ter she wrote. Also four ancient looking
books and several manuscripts containing
sermons and poems by Mrs. Stanford's
great-grandfather, the Rev. James Fenn,
who in his day was one of the greatest
American ministers. Curator Peterson
put in place to-day in this room several
apostolic spoons which were beaten out
of solid silver by monks in a European
monastery during the eighteenth cen
tury. Their handles have been delicately
cast by hand.
To the modern Oriental exhibits Mrs.
Stanford has presented some of the most
beautiful and costly Egyptian and Turk
ish embroideries, which she bought in
Constantinople and Cairo, and to the large
Japanese collection she has added elab
orate embroidery, some rar*e examples of
cloisonne ware and a very expensive Jap
anese kimono, made especially for her.
It Is of delicately tinted blue silk, richly
embroidered with long clinging wistaria
blossoms, and is said to be one of the
handsomest specimens of modern Japan
ese handicraft. Here also were placed
to-day two albums of Japanese views
with exquisite ivory and pearl ornaments
inlaid by hand on the covers, and num
eious other articles.
Besides the relics that have been men
tioned there are many others of various
descriptions in this recent addition, all
of which are being placed in their proper
rooms in the museum. Among the books
received by far the most valuable is a
complete set of nine immense volumes of
the great work entitled "The Antiquities
of Mexico," which was published more
than a quarter of a century ago. It was
compiled by Monsieur Dupalx with great
labor and expense for Lord Kingsborough
and there are very few sets extant. It Is
full of valuable facsimile engravings of
ancient Mexican works of art.
Special Dispatch to Tha CU1. ' -¦•
STOCKTON, Aug. 8.— Joseph Belonl, an
Italian boy, 9 years of age, was drowned
in Mormon Channel last evening under
peculiar circumstances. It appears that a
number of boys went bathing: in the chan
nel at the foot of Main street, near the
new Southern Pacific bridge. Belonl could
not swim, but it Is claimed two young
colored boys named Hart, half-brothers
of Benny Hart, the pugilist, threw him
into the water in order to make him
swim. The boy was drowned in sight of
his companions, and two 0/ the other boys'
reported the fact to* their mother. She
paid little attention to what was told her,
thinking it was only boyish talk. When
her husband returned she mentioned the
fact to him and he questioned the boys,
after which the stepmother of the
drowned boy was notified. It was not,
known to a certainty by the officers' that
the boy was drowned until his body was
found in the channel. this morning.
The police are investigating the case.
The Hart boys were taken to the police
office, but those who claimed to have
seen two colored boys throw the deceased
into the water. could not identify them.
Stockton Officials Investigate
Case and May Make
Arrests.
Many Articles of Especial
Interest Included in the
Collection.
Throw Him Into Mor
mon Channel and He
Goes to Bottom.
Mrs. Stanford Makes
Valuable Gift to Big
University.
FAMILY RELICS
FOR THE MUSEUM
RECKLESS BOYS
DROWN COMRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Captain Hart Is Ordered to San
Francisco for Duty on Trans
port Thomas.
WASHINGTON, Aug. $.— Fourth-class
postmasters appointed:
Washington— Erwin Yake, Slohler, Lin
coln County, vice Emma Ayres. resigned;
C TV. Stewart. Quincy, Douglas County,
vice R. \Y. "Williams, removed.
Army orders— Leave of absence granted
to Captain Earle D. A. Pearce, artillery.
Department cf California, extended one
month; Captain Verling K. Hart, quar
t minister, ordered to San Francisco for
duty en the transport Thomas, relieving
Captain Jesse M. Eakcr.
Navy order— Paymaster M. It. Golds
borough detached from the New York
navy yard to the Independence, at Mare
Island.
Fraternals Will Dance.
£an Francsico Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood will entertain its friends and
ir. embers at a dance to be given next Fri
es 1 ? la Shasta Hall. Native Sons' building.
Th« raxne evening Mission Lodge of the
tame order will give a dance after an en
tr.rtelnxnent in Excelsior Hall In the Mls
r'.zn district.
23
ADVXBTTSE1ESUT3. BBSS
iiittons
"H —^ > ' * -~
j "P
DURING the past week and a half we have
given school buttons to over one-fourth
of the school childrcrN in San Francisco.
They were all pleased with the buttons and #
appreciated our enterprise.
. We want every boy in San Francisco to
get acquainted with our store for we believe he
has some say as to where his clothes are
purchased. This is why we give out the but-
tons. Of course we give the buttons to the
girls too.
We have had a great many calls for pri-
vate school buttons, so desire to state that it
was hardly possible for us to secure the school
name and number of pupils in all the private
schools. Rather than please some and dis-
appoint others we confined the buttons exclu-
sively to the public schools, even omitting the
normal and training schools.
In case we secure the desired information
we hope to issue more buttons for all the pri-
vate schools. Announcement will be made at
the time.
In the meantime we arc ready to supply
all children with buttons, for the Primary,
Grammar, Evening or Public High Schools.
740 Market Street
NEW ADVZHTISEMENTS.
THE POWZS OF STXA1L
llasy 2£ay See, but It Takes Genius
to Bealize.
.When James Watt saw the eteam caus-
ing the kettle lid to Jump up and down he
Bald: "There must be power In that steam
thsct can lift such a *wrei£:ht."
There was.
Millions prior to him had seen the eamej
phenomenon and regarded it as an unex-
plained mystery.
ReOfent research has put lta
finder on the "cause" of dandruff, falling
hair and consequent baldness, and has un-
earthed a tiny cerm which eats the life
from the roots of human hair.
Newbro's Herplclde destroys this grerm
end consequently restores the hair to lta
natural state-
Sold by leading 1 firueBists. Bend 10c In
stamps for sample to The Herplddo Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
|X Constipated
1 844 fgjnjrgfpffijjlll 1 903
Csed tv American Phyncxcn* nearly C9 vemrt.
The effervescent " tried by time " cure for
(Jostiveness. Biliousness, Headache, Sick
Stomach. ; Contain* no irritant* or narcotic*.
Hoc. aed 9 1 . at I) repents or by rotil from
THE TARIJANT CO.. 2 I Jmy Street. Kf* V—k
. J *
Rivals of Schilling's Best,
everyone of 'em, look to price j
for their market; not one of 'em
looks to quality! Allspice, for
instance; there is no difficulty
in getting it fine; they don't
try; it costs too much.
It costs us less to sell; that's
how we afford the quality.
« — ¦** %'y~.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OFTHE-^
Agricultural
INSUBANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN, IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1002. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
"""- CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS. — —
Real . Estate Owned by Company. . $344,505 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 684,715 07
Cash Market' Value of .all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 8S3.1S3 25
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks, and
other marketable securities as
collateral 821,202 48
Cash In Company's Office •.. 13,834 21
Cash In Bnnks 170,732 7U
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14,048 33
; Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 10.177 71
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 208,025 14
Due from other Companies for Re- f t \~ % -
insurance on losses already paid 1,273 46
Commissions on unpaid reinsur-
ance 2.663 39
Total Assets $2,566,266 78
LIABILITIES. ' i
Losses adjusted and unpaid $41,004 79
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 62,951 S2
Losses resisted, including expenses 12,821 32
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks
running pne year or less, $902.-
• 751 00; reinsurance 50 per cent. 451,375 60
GroiHi premiums , on ¦ Fire.. Risks
running more than one year,
$1,551,303 00; reinsurance pro «
rata *... 822,077 81
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due.. 47.185 09
Reinsurance premiums • 10.873 17
Total liabilities -. ..$1.440.1S9~10
INCOME. "~~"
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,221,703 42
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 87.471 82
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks? .Loans,
and from all other sources 04,674 01
Received for Rents 4.592 58
Received from all other sources.. 114,412 73
Total Income ..' ' $1,462.356 56
EXPENDITURES. "^
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $98,934 70, losses of
previous years) $619,257 00
Dividends to Stockholders 50.0CO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage 833.279" 73
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc. 88,027 71
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • • 47,353 30
All other payments and expendl-
' tures ¦ • 119,734 29
Total Expenditures $1,262,652 00
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. $648,243 00
Risks and Premiums. |Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during . the
year' J163.845.700 $1,781,533 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 158,849,100 1.614.S16 00
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 245.085.200 2.454,034 00
A. ¦ H. SAWTKR, Prest.
W. H. STEVENS. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of January. 1903. . •
- ;I* B. COOKE, '"Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN S. SONS. Geni Agents,
: 411 and 413 California St.. 8. F Cal.
CEO. H. MURDOCK & SON, City Agents,
412 ' California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
«T>TTOIJT?C F OR BARBERS. BA-
Ort II J^fljLO kcrs. bootblacks, bath-
T^, **. . houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders. , candy-makers, canners.
dyers, -flour mills, foundries, laundries, papeh-
hangers, printers, painters. eho« factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCSANAU BBOS., .
. Snub . MaauX »cturer», 609 Sacramento St.
STATEMENT
OF THE — - . ¦• -
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
_ — OF THE-
INSUBANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of tl*< State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 010 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash JJTOfijS^CO
ASSETS, r^.'? •
| Real Estate owned by Company... I20O.50O 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. II6.1OOOO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond* owned by Company. 871.OOL 8*
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks." and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 225.000 00
Cash r in Company'* Office r .«;^
Cash In Banks •• 60,963 52
Interest duo and accrued on all ,,___„,
Stocks and Loans 11,873 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages • • 1. «30 02
Premiums in due Course of Col- ,.„„,-,
lection • •• 159.703 51
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 2. .91 06
Rents due and accrued ........... 3« *>
Perpetual premiums uncollected . . oOi W)
Total Assets .$1,65J,3H 71
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1.075 00
Losses in process of Adjustment
or la Suspense *1'5S JR
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 8,780 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $j63 -
C27 81; ¦ reinsurance 60 per cent; 282,063 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $C0l,-
708 95; reinsurance pro rata.... 839,138 61
Amount reclalmable by the in-
sured on perpetual fire insurance „„ „, o _
policies • lid.-i'.- v(
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 77 00
Commissions and Brokerage due __ „„ „
and to become due 27.563 39
Total Liabilities $818.290 87
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire '* ¦
premiums.. ..'...-....V $< 37.155 49
Received for interest on Bonds and ¦
Mortgages • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 5.605 42
Received for Interest and dividends
i on Bonds, Stocks. Loans,. and -
' from all ether sources . . . . : 4(5,739 CS
Received for . Rents ¦ 0.R3-T 33
Received from all other sources.. 125,440 17
Total Income $924.5S0 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses .
(including $ .losses of pre-
vtous years) • • •-•••• $*>1..>S7 33
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage :•••/•' 1«9.B<« 9"
Paid for Salaries Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. C0.864 46
Paid for State. National and Local
t8X?8 .,.••••••••¦••*••••••••••*• *¦' • *£»> M-l
All other payments and expendl-
tures • • • • QJ.I-U -3
Total Expenditures . . JJ717JM0 63
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $307.187 11
Risks and Preailums.JFlrc Risks. Premiums?
• ! — — ~~ ~~ — —"
Net \ amount of | Risks
' JSrV^"!^*! $83,264,005 $1,017,223 22
Net amount of Risks
expired during the 835.274 62
¦'gjggffff £ n2.946.i00 1.257.636 76
CHARLES H. YARN ALL. Vice Prest.
HENRY LYLBURN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th
dfty RICHAR a D y H 19 REILLY.; Notary Public \
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS,
411 and 413 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. -
PAUL M. NIPPERT. City Agent.
g^PATENTSlJ
>23^330 MARKET ST. 3f. < **5^
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OB* THJ3 ¦¦ '
FIBE INSUBANCE (MPANY
OP XETV YORK, IS THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A.
V>. 1902. and for the. year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and Gil of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnlsaed by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAI2
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np
In Cash <400.00Q 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company... f 73,000 0«
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 64,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8S0,BT9 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 5,000 CO
Cash In Company"* Office 3.025 09
Cash In Banks 8S.837 43
Interest due and accrued on. all
""Stocks and Loans B.1S2 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,083 87
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 331,017 78
Rents due .and accrued 400 00
Total Asset. .$1.410.101 60
LIABILITIES. \
Losses adjusted and unpaid......' 124,908 9*)
Losses In process of Adjustment or
•in Suspense 69,102 K»
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 1,200 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,115,-
095 70; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 871,733 73
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$50,705 67: reinsurance pro rata. 80,123 79
Due and to become due for bor-
rowed money 70.000 00
AU other liabilities 49.027 63
Total Liabilities $806,036 79
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $933,897 60
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2,712 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans aad
from all other sources 21.4A4 74
Received for Rents 4.830 43
Total Income $907,908 09
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Firs Losses
(including fSl.ua 10. losses of
previous years) $394,887 B0
Net amount paid fcr Marine Losses
(Including $- , losses of pre-
vious years) .............:. 2.196 31
Dtvldends to Stockholders 12.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 131.740 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 23, 162 74
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 11,161 33
All other payments and expendi-
tures '. 17,320 31
Total Expenditures $617.275 10
Losses Incurred during the year.. $404.710 65
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks '
written during the >
year - $03,323,082 $1,333,755 33
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year • 6O.1S0.922 803.909 23
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. 77,171.500 1.166.701 27
~~~ E. C. JAMESON. Pres.
LYMAN CANDEE. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th
day of January. 1903.
WM. L. LINDSAT. Notary PubUc.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411 and 413 Callforia St., •
' SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
SJlS&^sM MENANDWOME&.
t&Sfi&nxmEi&im UieBlgOfornnnstnral
iS&TtaltotfeyWra dischargoa.iafunimationt.
*?3&y OunatmX' TJ irritations or uloratiani
Kf mat t« tutelar*. "* of mucous membranes.
j m~^l rimnmtt c.ota.t.». Painless, and not aatria*
RSTrHEEMNSCKEMiauCC. s«nt or pot«onon«.
\xgQk C!.1ClMmTl,0.2g3S Sold by DramUU,
l»£ra. C.9. A. 2?3r or «*at in P' aln ' w r*DP«r.
tPcSss^ bT «pr*»», prepaid, for
VHRh!^ tl.OO. or S bottles S3.73.
¦ Circular <«st oa rwtMat. •
/ ADVEaTISESOLNTS. t
TO THE WOMEN OF THE UNITED STATES.
Successful Home Tpeatment.
Dr. Hartman's Cure for Female Diseases— A Generous Offer
to Women. .
Invalid Women Are Applying by Thousands iop Dp. Haptman's
Free Home Treatment by Letter.
Ivy Leaf Club, 1702 Sixth avenue, .<gjy283gggj^2^ >(«i IX^-^j^P'wfi^^^Of^-
"Perunais no experimental medi- /a^^^^^^^^Oj^m^s. KJl IP _.^^*^^iill!!il^
cine. I have used it off and on now ra\/^ -^^~~ "
for three years. At that time I was /Mm^^^^ ~ism liii^u ffT". ¦ ¦¦' ! .¦ """ "Tft
it WCLS 7/fliSfiQQ / T6'l OQTTGtm / nGflT Oft x^lSft! 1 • I'Fwt^v^w J'\ I '¦/$/ \ ¦MWBWK35sao>BPb* 1 *MM*BBorQKaBBn«wraMMBws»«^ /
taking it, and after three months' rjtn^^^^^^^^M-jJ^^ s F)D fin DTMA KJ A
faithful use / was a well woman and L -^i^gj^—^^ jj
able to do the work and undergo the f E p G xjs0N^^^^^^^^ S!:2s^^^S^3X^^^^^^^^yS^^^S^'
strain of younger days." — Elizabeth —
p ¦ : -.- ¦ and symptoms of her derangements. kind. Those wishing to become patients
rerguson. All cases of female diseases, including should address Dr. 8. B. Hartman, Co-
in view of the great multitude of women menstrual Irregularities, displacements, lumbus. Ohio.
suffering from some form of female dis- ulceratlons. Inflammations, discharges. No one knows better than Dr. Hartman
ease and yet unable to find any cure. Dr. Irritation of the ovaries, tumors and how much the women suffer with dls-
Hartman, the renowned gynecologist, has dropsy of the abdomen, should anply at eases peculiar to their sex. No one knows
announced his willingness to direct the once and become registered as regular better than he does how many of them
treatment of as many cases as make ap- patients. All correspondence will be held suffer with such ' diseases. Patiently,
plication to him during the summer strictly confidential. hopefully, wearily, and often silently,
months without charge. As is well known. Dr. Hartman is the tfcey eke out a miserable existence, year
The treatment will be conducted by cor- president of The Hartman Sznltarium. after year.
respondence. The doctor will prescribe an institution which has a department No martyr In poetry or heroine in
all medicines, applications, hygienic and devoted exclusively to. the treatment of romance makes a more touching appeal
dietary regulations necessary to complete female diseases.- He is thus brought to to human sympathy than the woman bur-
a cure. ' The medicines prescribed can be see thousands of such cases every year, dened with the cares of a family trying
obtained at all drug store3. This offer the most of whom return to their homes to carry the extra load of some torment-
will hold good only during the summer to be treated by correspondence. The inp and ever present female disease,
months. Any woman can become a regu- principal remedy he relies upon- in such Dr. Hartman's sympathy for such Is
lar patient by sending a written state- cases Is Peruna. which every woman unbounded, and his willingness to help
ment of her age, condition of life, history should have who has any affection of this them limited only to his power.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Trust the People
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL
Just received three carloads
of chairs ind rockers which we
want to dispose of quick. In
natural wood, Kitchen Chairs
as shown' in picture, suitable
for enamel or painting, V •.
35c Each :
Not more than six sold to
one person.
White maple rocker having
six turned spindles in back,
brace arms, built extra strong,',
upholstered in Verona. This
rocker can be made artistic by
decorating or enameling in any
color. Just like picture,
$1.25
Positively the above Specials
not sold to dealers.
Eastern Outfitting Go.
1320-1328 Stockton St.
We Furnish Houses Complete.
All ' Cars Lead to Our Store.
Country . Orders Solicited.
Saciway's
Pilis
Purely vegetable, mild aad reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. .
,» For the cure of all disorder! of the Stomacn.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, : FemaJe Ir-
regularities.' sick Headache. Biliousness, Con*
Etipatlon. Piles and all , derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 28o a box. At druggists or
kv m».ii. - RinwAT & CO., New York.. 'The 14th of July, the anniversary of the
falling of the Bastile, and the following
week was celebrated with much enthus
iasm. . ,r:r.^;^.I:»". v
Three of the Tuamotu Islands were un
der -water to such an extent that the in
habitants '¦ had to cfimb cocoanut trees
for safety: Houses and stores, copra and
finally the cocoanut trees were destroyed,
while the inhabitants had a close call to
death. It Is thought that most of the
Isiands in the gToup were visited by the
storm.
COO of the inhabitants were drowned and
property to the value of half a million
dollars was destroyed. And now, six
months later, fierce gales from the south
west and 'southeast have again caused
great surging crests to sweep over some
of the islands. So far only four persons
are believed to have perished, buf the
fear is great, that when all the islands
are heard from there may be a distress
ing list of fatalities.
The steamer Excelsior suffered much
damage during the series of gales while
she was on her trip from Tahiti to the
Marquesas group.
Wall otreet has been busy all week with
attempts to explain last week's email Increase
In leans without any consensus of opinion on
the Bubject, so that to-day's more formidable
increase intensified tho obscurity. ¦ It Is likely
that the support to the market which was ac
corded on Thursday involved a loosening of
the rmrsestrlnEs of the banks for the purpose
of checking the demoralization then threaten
ing.. \t is a'so now agreed that much of the
recent heavy liquidation in Wall street haa been
for repayment to bunks ouUlde of Wall street
under the trust companies, whose showing does
not figure fn the bank statement. The result
ls to throw demands for renewals upon the
associated banks. .Loans made at the Stock
Exchange on Friday • carried over until Mon
day, eo that to-day's, demand was not due to
actual further calling of loans, but to appre.
henslon of next week's proceeding. . ,
Chief pressure to-day centered upon tha Pa
cifies. Union Pacific- plunged downward 5%
points to «5*4 : Missouri Pacific's extreme- loss
v/fLs -i 3'-5; -Brooklyn: Transit, and Metropolitan
Street Hallway lost as much; Atchison ' 3% ;
SI. Paul 3*&, and Northwestern preferred 7 to
100. "The" last named 'stock closed 175 bid and'
185 asked, ...Consolidated-' Gas was off 7%,
Great Northern preferred -5 and Delaware and
Hudson - 4. - The .rush to take -quick profits by*
the room traders on the f short side caused
some violent rebounds • from these low figures,
but the market was -.running* off rapidly In -the
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.-The following is
a summary of the week's developments ln
the stock market:
The list of. extreme, breaks in prices
in to-day's stock market conveys tho best
description of the disorderly celling move
ment which followed upon the appear
ance of the bank statement Another in
crease of $3,832,600 in tha loan account of .the
banks,, after a week of such painful liqui
dation aa to verge upon panic at times, upset
the newly found equanimity of tho market
and an avalanche of selling orders came Into
the already wavering market. Prices yielded
with a downward plunge to the lowest prices
generally for tho year. Where there were ex
ception* it seemed due principally to the fact
that traders vrere so busy with the active
stocks as not to have time to (pare for the
exempt stocks.
PAPETTE, Tahiti, July 23.— It would
seem that the ninety Islands known va
riously am the Low Archipelago or Tua
motu group, are destined to be reclaimed
l>y the Pacific Ocean.
Last January they were 6wept by a
flood composed of high waves from the
ocean and the lesser ones from the en
closed lagoons, and in consequence nearly
Selling Movement ' Pol
lows Week's Bank
Statement.
Surging Crests Driven
by Gales Over the
Tuamotus.
Porto Rico is furnishing a market of a
million dollars a month to the producers
and merchants of the United States, and
is supplying nearly a million dotlajs*
worth each month of the tropical products
required by the United States.
FLOODS AGAIN
SWEEP ISLANDS
Things had got to the etago where the rapid
shrinkage of prices had driven out buyers from
the. market, while. the holders of collateral for
loans, seeing the instability of values, were
eager to convert their : security ; into ready
money. The market was unfit to absorb this
selling, which . aggravated the weakness and
reacted again by further shrinkage of collat
eral. These are the conditions of nanic, -and
Itis an axiom of finance that the only .treat
ment for checking a.' panic, is the free exten-'
sion of credits to afford an opportunity for men
to arrange affairs. A sudden ! contraction of
final dealing's again and the closing was very
weak and furiously active.
Prices of stocks have made a headlong
downward plunge this week through the pre
vious low records for the year, thus arousing
renewed fears over the shrinkage of collateral
in loans und prompting its selling out at what
prices It would bring. The resulting demor
alization was arrested somewhat abruptly on
Thursday, by what cause was not very clear.
There was evidence that some of the very
large buying on that day was for account of
large banks and Individual capitalists of large
resources, and whose leadershiu In any move
ment in the Mock market is of great senti
mental Influence.- It was observed also that
there was less pressure of liquidation of the
urgent kind, which Indicated the unloading of
collateral forced by the recall of loans which
borrowers wore unable to respond to. • The
effect of these developments was a swift re
vulsion of sentiment in the market, leading
to a quick assumption that a coalition had
been formed among the great banks and capi
talists to coma to the rescue of the market by
taking freely of offers and by lending of money
and cessation of the . selling out of collateral
which had demoralized the market and de
stroyed Its power of absorption. This was the
first indication ln a long- time of any other
purpose en the part of the dominant financial
powers than to let the liquidation take its
course and the market tako care of itself. Th<>
prolonged absence of Influential buying in the
market has been the cause of great uneasiness
in itself on account of . the ', Inferences drawn
that the great capitalists were themselves
largely concerned in the need for funds owing
to unwieldy commitments in great promotions
This Inference has been varied by assump
tions that hostility between groups of capital
ists has been involved in the fall of prices
and that projects of absorption of the proper
ties attacked lay behind the persistent forcing
down of prices. It was evident that the dis
orderly fall of prices was getting beyond con
trol and threatening widespread disaster and
the recovery brought great relief from a severe
strain. .
STOCK PRICES
AT LOW MARK
Some art critics are willing to overlook
a painting by an old master if the frame
is new.
Young Gonsalves had not been away
from the city a half hour yesterday when
a telegram came to Chief of Police
O'Neill, saying the boy's mother had been
found. It came ln answer to an lnQulry
concerning her. It read:
"Isabelle Gonsalves found; rich; hold
boy. . Money for transportation and ex
penses being telegraphed."
Earlier ln the day Gonsalvcs had ap
peared at the station, and told his story,
petectlves hurried to the railroad yards,
but no trace of the boy could be found.
CHICAGO, Aug. 8.— Somewhere between
Chicago and San Francisco August Gon
salves, a Portuguese boy, is riding on the
bumpers of a freight train, trying to beat
his way to hla home ln California, from
which he was kidnaped by his father ten
years ago. At the Central Pollco station
la money hia mother forwarded for his
transportation. ?
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
stop. ...
Mr. and Mrs. Gould were finally restored
to consciousness . and their condition la
said to be irnprpvlng to-day."
Gould sustained a. fractured shoulder
and many . bruises about the head and
body. Mrs. Gould's nose was broken and
her scalp cut.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8.— Charles A^ Gould,
son of the millionaire car coupling manu
facturer, and his wife have been thrown
from, their automobile • in front of their
country home at Bayside, I* I. Three
doctors were in attendance at 2 o'clock
this morning, but the couple had not re
i gained consciousness, and it is feared they
\vill not recover. ':
They were descending a long hill when
a horse that had apparently escaped
from a near-by pasture, jumped out Into
•the road in front of the car. The big ma
chine hit the horse, killing it instantly,
pitching Gould and his wife headlong to
the road. Gould had shin off the power
when he saw the danger, but the automo
bile was carried half up'an opposite hill
by the momentum before It came to a
Mrs. Gonsalves 1 Message
Pails to Reach
Her Son.
Charles A. Gould and
His Wife. Are Seri
ously Id jured.
HURT IN WRECK
OF AUTOMOBILE
JOYOUS NEWS
PROVES TARDY
credits Involves the certain occurrence pf wide
spread bankruptcy. The condition of the stock
market ' of the early part of the w.eek had
reached almost the opposite pole of the period
of the creat bull market. Then ' there were
imn-tk'Rlly no sellers of stocks at any prices
and the continuance of demand without a bal
ancing supply left no limit to' the possible
rib | in prices without regard to Investment re
tiirns.
By the ¦ middle of this week there seemed
to be a paralysis of the demand for stocks
at any stage of the decline, notwithstanding
the steady advance in the rate of return on
stocks of the highest grade which was brought
about by the. decline. So long as buying was
withheld' and' the attempts to liquidate con*
tlnued there would be no limit to the decline
•without regard to the | intrinsic value of se
curities. Th<t exertion of main strength Is
necessary to check such a course of affairs,
and that seems'to be what was done on Thurs
day.
A considerable short interest assisted the
recovery of- the .market after the declining
tendency was once- overcome and hopes are
entertained that support will be forthcoming
for any new weakness. The question of the
end of the liquidation remains an open one.
The movement of prices has had little to. do
with the - news of. the week.- Tho sustained
level of bank loans In face of the enormous
liquidation already achieved is a matter of
troubled conjecture and attempts to explain
it have ranged over a wide field without reliev
ing the depressing Influence of the fact. The
questipn of whether the long shrinkage in
prices of securities and the resulting contrac
tion of, credits; will, react on the general'busi
ness situation ' has changed Into the question
of how far the reactionary influence will ex
tend. Difficulties in financing new projects
jn the industrial field, . especially, in the Iron
and steel , trade, because of the contraction of
credits' growing out pf the . money and stock
market situation, are admitted.' and there is a
feeling of anxiety/ ove^r the possibility of "a
coming business and industrial reaction. The
critical season for the croos is < also an un-
Bettllns factor, which will not be entirely re
moved until the crops are definitely made
Report?; of railroad earnings are generally fa
vorable aiid railroad of rtciala report : the pros
pects for future traffic as very 'favorable with
the - question of possible car shortage again
looming into prominence.
The violent break in the price 1 of Consoli
dated Gas on the announcement of a new ieshI
of more than $G,QOO.0a<? of stock and the atten
tion given to current rumors of further larce
borrowings by railroad "corporations is an in
dex of the -sensitive condition, or sentiment
over large absorptions of available credits bv
corporation borrowings/ The fact that only two
Stock Exchange failures wera added to the Hat
this week, aa a result of the slump, was ac
cepted as further .'evidence of an "extraordlnarv
strength in the position which met the long d e .
cllne. -4|2J!S&i£3S&!SP4B'M9MM& ¦-. v- - ¦
. Bonds wer».,,weak and unsettled and nartlv
recovered In sympathy with stocks.
Y United States 2s have : declined %, the 3s
registered, and the, old 4a 4 per cent on call
Commissioner Lererle has received .'let
ters objecting to the use of the word
"spit," in the ordinances, and advising
the word "expectorate." When President
Roosevelt was Police Commissioner he
strenuously urged the use of "spit," and
called "expectorate" "a vile word." One
must side with the President in this mat
ter, in a general way, although it might
be permissible to add that etymologically
epeaking "sputum" and "expectoration"
may designate two different excreta. The
Bputum (allied to spatter may be from
the chest or may not be, although this
is not the question in mind when framing
the ordinances. The sanitarium does not
aim at a differentiation. People who "ex
pectorate" will probably "perspire" In
stead of "sweat." That some officials do
iind a distinction where others do not ls
shown by the fact that in an Eastern
city the following notice is displayed in
the street cars: "Passengers must not ex
pectorate nor spit on the floor of this
car." /'Expectorate" is,. morbid alike in
a medical, a phllologic and a social sense,
but no charge can be made by philology
against Vspit." According to the editor
of Literary Notes of the British Medical
Journal t,he only advantage "expectorate"
can claim is that It once Incited a good
pun: "Some one speaking to a lady of a
friend , of whom it might have been said
tlrat ho" had no manners and his customs
were lycastly, gave an example j that he
would not hesitate to expectorate ln her
presence. She at once replied, 'Then he
cannot expect to rate as a'gentlcman.' "—
American Medicine.
"Expectroate" and "Spit."
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 8.— Heavy rains
are reported over Central Kansas . to-day.
At Minneapolis there was a cloudburst
and the Solomon River is rapidly rising.
At Manhattan the Kaw and Blue rivers
are much higher and to-morrow. will be
ten feet above the low water mark. ' It
is expected that the Kansas River will
not rise much higher than it is to-night,
Great damage has already been done,
however. •
Heavy Bains in Kansas.
PITTSBURG, Kans.,' - Augr. 8.— Aboufl
half past 1 o'clock thia morning a tornado
passed .through the thickly* populated
mining district north and east of Pitts
burg, destroying hundreds of houses,
mine tipples" and buildings of every de-
Bcriptlon, leveling to a mass of wreck
age a large portion of every camp be
tween tho Devlin-Miller shaft north of
Frontenao and the- Morgan shaft on tha
State line, and converting into ruin a strip
of thickly populated territory eight" miles
long and a couple of miles wide and leav
ing death and desolation ln its wake. At
least two persons were killed and fully
6ixty injured in the storm and perhaps
many others were injured whose names
have not been procured.
The killed: ;
. MICHAEL. MULLEN, at Nelson.
MRS. ANTONE SARTO, at Camp 17.
The most seriously Injured are: Mrs.
William Holllday, Morgan Camp, ribs
broken, back Injured, will die; William
Short, Morgan Camp, badly injured in
ternally, may die; son of George Weaton,
colored, of Yale, back. broken, may die;
Carl Johnson, colored, of Nelson, arm
broken and 6kull fractured, may die;
John Davidson, west of Camp 17, ribs bro
ken', may die; Italian miner at Devlin-
Miller camp, name unknown, injured in
ternally, will prqbably die.
The storm swept across the country
from the northwest and whirled in a
southeasterly direction, doing great dam
age ln all of the mining camps, which are
thickly clustered- in that section of the
country. The destruction appeared to
commence at* the Devlin-Miller camp,
known as Mlllerton and from there
southeast through camps 17 and 31, Nel
son, Midway, Yale, Cornell, Lttchfleld and
the other camps, nearly totally destroy
ing some of them and doing terrible dam
age to all. The property loss will not be
great, for most of the homes destroyed
were the humble houses occupied by the
miners and in most cases belonged to the
coal companies. t
Camps of Thickly Populated Strip
Eight Miles Long and Two "Miles
Wide Are Leveled to Mass
f-. , of Wreckage.
Storm in Kansas Mining Dis
trict Destroys Much
Property.
Two Are Killed and
at Least Sixty '
Injured.
DESOLATION
MARKS WAKE
OF TORNADO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ATJGUST 9, 1903.
24
Instructions for Framing ;
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,?
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART- SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown, and burnished {gold.
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN fRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
../$%^t WE TREAT AND CURE
fcfeill! K 3^ CATARRH. Nose and Throat Troubles. Nervous Diseases. Kidney
Ek+4T5£*c2h -^Vj and Lt'-'er Diseases. Bladder Troubles Heart Disease. l'l«in of
G^rvT* -fWi Complaints. Chronic Diseases, of Women and Children Rlcket*. Spin.
«4\0l \ S- 1 Troubles - Skln DlaeaseB. Deafness Asthma. 1..- noh.,.1 ami Lur.,-
f3| VJLmJ Troulj l«'. Kheumatlsm. Hay Fever Neuralgia. Hysteri .» Ear Dto-
:t iT •'ases. Goitre or Big Neck. Varicocele Lost Manhood, .we. r Blocxl
\ ¦ XS I>i8ea»es. Private Diseases, Scrofula and all forms of r.arvoua ani
i s> >«^ rffi^ Chronic Dlaeagea <that are curable).
jP^ iV^T OUB MOTTO: A low fee,] ti^1^*^A^w
q.nick cure, mild and painless lr -j^jjJiJ^.N
ConstUtatioa ln per«on or Q*l V^^^j W
\^ i^SJ^. \\ftW b y letter free to all- Call or JNg*
Lr. A. 1. Shorn. ( , wrrtte - Q /\
HOME CURES BY MAIL \Jf
Do not despair because you live at a distance from the city. Pra. /• j^^0%%»
Shores 1 new system of HO11K TREATMENT makes it .-a*y to *et
expert advice and treatment at home Ttoelr new symptom blank ' rMjr JfS&wP'j4~
covers every symptom of disease which enables them U diagnose •!_ P&v/fs''
your case and tell you what your trouble la. whit can be done for 4i*^JTf?it£l's r
you nnd what the cost of a cure will be. WRITE If yo« Sf""^ *C)fV$5Y
call for their new symptom list and take advantage of the rl.EE >^gg23»/^ -
EXAMINATION. Whether you taka treatment or not. tue aa- ----«¦
wSkmen pay when cured
; WP ™ m A T R i E r PS VERY PERS0N SSenU havJ T Indorsed us. NOW. WE
w, hit ALK T0 - WANT TO CURE YOU with the distinct
¦J R « h «I «, Proven_ our skill In curlnjr '^eratandinsr that we wlkj not demand a
CHRONIC diseaaes by publlshlnjr the many S until we cure you. This applies to
voluntary testimonials from home people. £?*j. Manhood. Seminal Weakness. 3per-
givin K names, pictures and addresses. . Varicocele. Diseases of the
• : we Can't. Publish Our Cures In tt Q^ B a^^ l .tK^nuSS'»
Private Diseases. Elood Poisonaud ALL WEAKNESSES of
Because U would betray confidence. "oFFICB HOURS: 9 a. m. to 4:3»p. ra.\
I^tol^ffl^^^-Mx&^jfei'- Kv° e nTn«. 6:30 to 8^Sunday, « a. mjo 13.
Drs. Shores &. Shores, Expert Specialists, 933^KSarkt
-]i-:\ ADVEBTISEiEENTS.
cnnccBnDnnncnnsHEnnflBHQCESBESBRSBHHBHHHHBHHHnns
15 ¦ 1 * ; *« > ¦* " ' ¦ ' - id MB
g There Is but One Perfected Cure for the 1
¦ n
Q Absolutely free from the dangers and 111 effects of hypodermics. A cure that 5
¦ does not require detention from business. It cures in three days to stay 5
H cured, and has- stood the test of nearly 14 years— a cure that is to-day mak. gj
ins men of scores of citizens who were wrecked by whisky. gj
5 DON'T MAKB DANGEROUS EXPERIMENTS WITH ALLEGED ¦
¦ CURES THAT HAVE NEITHER A STANDING, REPUTATION NOR ¦
J3 GENUINE CREDENTIALS.. . g
THE ONE BAFE AND CERTAIN LIQUOR CURE ON EARTH IS AD- B
¦¦•. MINISTERED ONLY BY ITS. DISCOVERER, - Q
a DR. J. J. McKANNA |
B Address all mall: ' B
B Tel. Main 1037. , 4 GEAR y STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. |
C 'Elf-pant accommodations for women patients, with competent attendants. B
0 •' - --¦:"-¦
¦¦¦BHHHnBBHHIEBBBBSBEBSBBaSBBIZaBBESBBBaBQBaaaa
ADVigsTisiaiEins. uuuuinnrr^'
for little money
One of the best, if not THE
best metalbed we ever offered
at the price. We have it in
i tw6 color combinations — drab,
1 \ gold and brass ; also in car-
mine, white, gold and brass.
Price $27.50. Full double size
of course.
John Brenner Company
957 to 977 Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLIMMER ,CLASS f " Hf'* 4af • '--'-^^'^s^^Z—^ w J%k. Drummers' samples— choice qualities
Monday only we win the i A Q " & * ' m /* n rsa^^^^Lj^M in clean condition— a rare chance.
It'coSeVIn «u n co1Crfc U ?ocludln« white, cream. gS!^^'^^ =^^S^SfB^>tr r^C ln ¦¦ , g|— »" . $4.50 Bags!!!!!'.!!!!!!!!!.'*! ~"{s2!7.1 .
pl«k. cardinal. *ai net. seal, polden Ijrown .tan. «*»-^ •7Vtt"4« U^i^^ i^ ¦ : $7.00 Bags S.'t.7r»
rrr.pr". Nscait. i.w !:-. navy >i.-w blue, bluet «A. C >7T SVT 1 n&* > ~^ , Baps ft4.J).%
light bluf. pray and I'.ack. It M.ls regaiari> r&p ? : $12.00 Bags...... ........ .»7 f>(>
for 36 £-r>c yard: the fpf-cial price i_M-u_i_Lix^zrrTT-n - "" ¦
NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS \ r \<*u Dnj n t rnrtailK; ARABIAN CURTAINS-Cablenet
The choicest designs, in colors of cream, II loll ¦ Ulll L 1>UI tUIIIO Handsome Effects.
white and Arabian. --0 Phnlrp«;t Resign* 150 pairs, reg. value $3.50; closing price $2.45 pr.
300 pairs, reg. value $1.25; closing price $. 6 S pr. LllOICCSt UCSIgHS g$ .. , «P « $s 50; « » $3.65"
250 i f I5 °' 2- i 'H « 150 pairs, reg. value $350; closing price $2.20 pr. Ao . DI --, r, nHnl . M n f
300 " u u 2 $175; ti I -98]; 2oo „ „ „ $ „ „ $ „ ARABIAN CURTAINS — French Net.
200 ., .< .. f 200 ' „ tt |j # 35 ' 5o pairs, reg. value $4.00; closing price $2.95 pr.
200 $2.50; 51.65 2OO $5.50; $3-95 • «=; " " " S^o ! " " $3.8s •'
225 « - « Ijoo-liS " Utl " 185 " " " $7,00; " "- $4-65 " 75 " " "-.-, -$6-5o;.. •;.¦:" " $4-45 "
(Better lines worth up to $7. so a pair to bell Better lines worth up to $20 a pair to bell II . Better lines worth up to $20 a pair to be closed
closed nut at proportionate reductions. | 1 closed out at proportionate reductions. || jlout at proportionate reductions. • I
AN EARLY SELLING of NEW FALL SUITS==Amazingly Underpriced
\ PHFM1MFVAI PFTTimAT SALF - Already the keenest Interest ha B been manifested !n our new fall arrivals,
» •,. . !u , ,, J iTin- and wa have received many enthusiastic encomiums on account of the money- ». •
cEJx Th!s weck w " witncsB enthusiastic selling gavlng opportunities we have afforded to our friends. This week there ls an- KCfV
\.Jr-? fn the underskirt cepartment. lor really vrr other chai!ce for you to procure one of the new fall suits at a price far lees X5«fe.
•% V ar « offering some of the most fihenomenal than what you w , u be a; , ked for the Bame gt y!es a month h^nc*. AVe will
J r values that have ever been known in this city. r , ]ace on Ba i o to-morrow morning an advance shipment of new suits which reached tt*«5»
S 'v Every garment was mado expressly for us us la8t week styles are those that will- be much soueht for when tho \-*W
/^jtorw^SBi. from eelerted materials by the best factory in 6eason rea lly opens— then you will be congratulating yourself upon your fore- . JSg£
SfiUZT^^ry the co ' J " tr >'- 0111 U / r t n> V^? *. T W " s'Kht in purchaslnK early. You should come and see these new suits— the styles M^/^
TlT^nior lng styles and finish are of the highest order. „, p i eaEe you t he materials will please you, and most of all. the low prices /Mar//ff\\
1 I "There is no time like the present"— which wiu r,] ease you /mSff/fl
\ hi //'/»/ applies with extra significance to these re- TVIPT'**/' ET A H ¥ Cl TITC • EsffffAl
\ ''fri ' niarkable cfffrinKs l>tlVY rALL OUIlO Wilf/SU]
A MST • {?I.^o KLI |IV '" AI .X^— When Fortember davs come these suits will be selling forCQO Pt(\ . >K*Wii
B!ack rn<:rrpri7:< '' i sateen, made with Of» C jrm and $82.50. At this' special pri oe v.- e offer thrca lots of new<?AOiOU
MJBK^H hemstitched ruffle and stitched Land*, t/l>w fa]J EUlts _ one Bty!(? ls ln the 30-Inch silk-lined jacket effect, in thofe ewell
mJ w;th un--i*-rfJ lUr " e _,___, _^ .-^ two-toned gray and green* Invisible checks, another has the lontr-sklrted blouse IS 7i©$SaV<
%gfe^\ 6><i<> PLI I ICIJA I JS -n-ith EhouWer enpes, and nnothcr the popular 24-inch fancy pleated collarlets Lj Ifr^i
'' B^<i«^. B'.ark mercerized sateen— three fi»| OPI Ja'-kft. Then of the new loim roat effect there are several styles that will L f|H\w>«
A^/MWW style* four-ruffled effect ruffied <D1»^O please, you. These suits are worth $30 and $32.50. To Induce your visit durlnr /" ||»l\>\
iK-wBa^B^ sr.3 stitched bands, ami accordeon pleated ruf- this week they're priccj. ?—{..iO ./»/" '1 m|«, V
Ji§BBBf9&&>^ fle ' S2.00 petticoats TAII ORFH SUITS
JSS&!&B£&&iB2&* Black mercerired sate**, made Ci AZZ * O «J I 1 O / lTf\
A^^^^SfiSS?^^? w " 1:h two a^-o?<ircn pleated ruf- ti^l.TU The't suits were made to sell for f25. They are in very CIO QEJ "/ ' I U^
firs; also with rurn^arid^ velvet bapda. pffertlve Ktyies including silk-line.1 jackets and belted blouses, t!>IO.JO J , i .1 V\
rvSsxH^S+d&Jt&Siv J52.oO Pli 1 1 ICOA I ?> with and without shoulder >-apes; all have the new puff sleeve, and there are SW j 1 \ \S\.
P.!ack mercerized Italian cloth. <J t QIT some with fancy stoics. Skirte are the latest fall cut. There are a large num- Mf J ' , Vi\
*tf,^23a£2-?^^cj mr.de with tucked flounce and CJ1 •£/«.> ber cf colors and mixtures in etamines, cheviots Hn<i those papular . homespun I ! < V^/
ruffle; also with accordeon pleated ruffin and ir.ixtures. These suits are worth $2o; hut we have marked them for this week's *^~V_ffl_jL_->
\J* circular flounce. ¦ • •• ' selling ;... ....913."5 lj
THE GREAT CLEAN-UP. [ introductory Sale-New Fall Dress Goods. I SALE OF OXFORD CHEVIOTS
in C*»fi C a* I »L _i. F>.<1«./ln The Dress Goods styles for the fall season 1903 are now being shown ln great IMnirr Call Ciwioc
A|I=j11K j3llf] LlDCrlV rOUlarQS, profusion in this stor*», an.1 to induce jour coming here this week we will hoM an HCW 1(111 JlMCS.
/>». j j introductory Bale. It's your chance to get acquainted with the new ideas\ The mate- %
Every person who If at ail l»-QQr XftrA rials include every up-to-the-hour fashion that haa emanated from The stylo* maker*, , ima w* 1 °« a Rr 5 ? l lean J = r , xor lf*C Yflrfl
miUar with ,!* value, w,I, rec-^»C lflrfl d h the • Wta^l E win B they will be priced from J1.2S to ?1.76. We t^^i^'.^U M f 1^.il^JSS
orr.'.ie this as an astounding bargain effer. introduce tiiem tor. f 1 a >ara. < latest deglsnSi . : wtth . Btrlped and figured ef-
Thf-se All P::k Eatln Liberty Foulards have Dl o/ ,1 7*t, ft 1*« rt If •*</£& ¦ n* J, Vnrti\iinn fects. This fabric has a fine fleece finish on
been the most popular selling ellks of the DIuCK LlD6IllI6 4t 13; P\fa DlaCK I vllvllall >> the reverse elde. and ls Justly popular for
peason and hav- been eagerly sought nt our „ . . , T . H? H& I If I «.. .. .r « hoUFe drPSSP /' ,d»e«ing fowns, kimonaa or
— -1^ .-—^ • >.rd now th°ere Colored Venet an if mzy Zibeline Melanges :r^::..*.*^.^^!r..^L v^
will be a rush, for we are going to close out • *| Bu
Z?££*^lcZ££\,^l£u^ Twine Etamine ' k Ya- Scotch Mixtures Splendid Sale ofHigh-dass Wash Goods
grounds. Every fiber In these fabrics is 1 ure !!„-...— „ C % .l\ ftr~ V« ,«U \ HUr.\'.~.~ Recul.-ir T.'c and .<1 values oforjr- V01./I
silk. There are only a fsw hundred yards. niflaifla jUllJIlffS , 4W WOVellV £>1DC11I16 the highest class wash goods.OOC I arO
and vou must crme early to shar* in this *reat 6 J MERCERIZED CHAMBIUY, GINGHAM AND
Zmlm -\ n«.rr,»r,,h. tv» r*«i?.r T«w. n-iaiitv Tihii» THE BLACK ZIBELINE is CJ Inches wide, fine all wool material, and It will PONGEE in the most exquisite designs of
offer. Kemembtr the regular .-c QJai'tV «njie fce on(j of mogt 110pular fabrJ<;s of the new sea8on . Btrlpes, checks, plaids and solid colore. There
tne lot lasts lor oni> .jjc jara The Black Venetian is 52 inches wide, all wool and a finely finished fabric. It will be plenty of • warm weather during the
_. _ ; V ¦.:."-,"-'• „ , will be extensively used for tailor-made effects. next two months and wash goods are still sea-
JK^C nnHltiv KlarL' rPJlfl nf SniA Tlie Cclowl Venetians come ln new blue, red, vreens. brown, castor. For tal- ponable. Goods that were eelling -at 75c and
OtJW tjUUIIl* UlUln. HttU UV UUlVy i orcd effects it ls one of the very finest fabrics: 52 inches wide. $1.00 on tale at ...30c
A fine eoft Eilk that i» w»r-£}ff/» V«ml The T^* 1116 Etamin* Is fact black — London dye— a coarse openwork material,
ranted to srive good service — in aOOV* lalU and the very latest etamine effect in the market; 44 inches wide. it I < ,_r, D1««l ri./\.,i«*
very rich lcsir^u!: liark. The Zibc'.ir.e Melange come in medium weights ar.d colorings of golden brown, 44 = lflCH DlttCK WllCVlOl,
n»w blue, new green, red, Oxford; 4tJ inches wide. . '
<P1 Mi ...f'i., D1«/-K T«f7n4« T 11 * Panama Suitings are 60 Inches wide and irfbst popular for faJl wear. It This would be a superb value^Q^ V 9 -A
Cl.UU QUaillV DiaCK laiieia. comes in a wide variety of colorings. All late shades. . at 75c— at the price we offer ittO^ laTU
• • The Fcctch Mixtures ere 41 Inches wide, and will be much ln evidence, among for It is a wondrous bargain. A heavy all
We unequivocally £uarant»errd/-» Yiir/f those who rank as smart dressers; tha colors are numerous. wool material that has been thoroughly
this to be one of tfie best wear-* €/V* 1UIU The Novelty Zibcline is the ewellest of the fall fabrics. It is 44 inches wide. sponged and shrunk, and. is -warranted to b«
ing fllks you can buy. It is 21 Inches wide There are many colors, all having the new dash effect. fast black. Regularly sells for 75c here; the
and has a superior finish. *- J special is only .......48c yard
silkoline comforters | f The Best Waist Offering— $9 50 and S3 00 White Waists for I I household economy" helps.
They would be good value at <£ I ~T = • IIIB DC5>1 ™ fll&l UIIBIIII & *^' 3U flllU * OlUU «U"B IFflli»l& IUI We are heIplnff Baving hoU sewive 8 to
X2 DO— double bed elze, well «?l»lt) For to-morrow s special selling we again present a marvelous m J /? CT economize by giving the greatest values
made and filled with pure white cotton waist offering, and you have not seen tho equal of this during tha JU I 9T\ r"| known in household furnishings. These
that ha« been entiseptically treated: cov- entire season. Waists that are positively worth $2.50 and $3.00 -Hf AlVU items Rive only an Idea of the many bar-
<?red with good quality French Silkoline ln mate of the finest white lawn, beautifully finished with hemstitch- . rain8 t0 be found in this department.
¦p«.o><a.n deiiens They are 6old regularly ln >f and embroidery, lace and drawn work. They are the seasons most effective _ , , _. . . _,.„
for^2 50 The Facial price $1 7Su legUlaTl¥ styles-all on sale to-morrow and your choice of any for $1 G5. Savings In Sheets and PillOV/casCS
"MIX^^^SS^Tq LACE DEPARTMENT OFFERS. fS^^a^SS^S
* 1 ;*^J^-«^h 1 «L Z tt^ 1 ? C tw rieoiv "We've made eome changes in our Lace and Trimmings Department and it now These Sheets and Cases are made of. a
est none>coniD pauerns. i^ey are ciceiy occupies one entire aisle. We want you to visit this department to-morrow, and as an fine quality of the best standard sheeting,
S%VcUWeaucc a d 1y frcm U $1.50 F ?o jlM. « l / a Inducement offer these specials: . ¦ : . . . are well flntehed and all i re^y for use.
TURKISH TOWELS LACES. EMBROIDERY, 26c.
T>« recular 23c and 35c kind.- Or\^> ljrl *' 1J *-" 1800 yards embroidery beading, widths
rkis i offtrir.c cozrvrif-e* a eurplus lot^i/C A .lot of lacea, including Cluny, Point Venlse, Paraguay and Antiques, In white, of 1 to 2ft inchos. worth up to 50c yard",
that tb« buyer for our domestic depart- ec ™ and cream (broken lots), at TUCKINGS.
merit secured. They are full elie— XzLViCt 2.\tC S&C 1200 yards both plain and lace insertion
bleached cr unbleached, heavy grade and "(,. _ Y,. oT .ii 7* on a beautiful sheer grade of white lawn;
very a-bforbent; worth 25c to 85c. J I Wortn Z5e. Worm ate. Worth 50«. I C5c to S5c yd. OnlySOc and 4Scyd.ST. PAUL. Minn.. Aug. 8.— Mrs. Au
pusta Van Cerke of Shewanee, Kans., re- |
5>orted to the depot authorities to-day j
shat sh<» had lost a bustle containing $7300 j
while en route to St. Paul on a Rock ]
Island train. Mrs. Van Ccrke, who isj
well advanced in years, stated that ehe j
!<-ar«»d to leave her money In a bank. !
iind thought that It would be safe If she .
¦tewed It in her bustle. She was going
to Pierce, Minn., to visit her son-in-law, j
When within thirty railes of St. Paul Mrs. !
Van Orko says ehe left her berth to tin- \
:^h dressing. Shortly afterward ehe miss- :
¦ d the valuable piece of personal apparel ,
..nd believes ifiat It fell from the train.
A wearchinjj party has been sent out.
K~"T**aa Woman Sews $73OO in 'Wear
ing 1 Apparel and Leaves It in
Pullman Berth.
BUSTLE C0NT AIMING
SMALL FOBTUUE LOST
All cf these ships are to gather here
at once two days preparatory to sailing
for Oyster Bay, where the entire fleet
¦j> to be reviewed by the President next
.Saturday.
ACmlral Sanda kept his squadron to
gether all the time and in afcout the
Fame order. A quarter of a mile In ad
¦»-ance was one of the torpedo-boat de
stroyers, acting as advance guard. Early
Kriday eight a thick fog rolled la from
the sea and Admiral Sands ordered the
fleet to race at full speed for Winter
Harbor, the easterly entrance of French
r:ans Bay. It was the Intention of Ad
miral Sands to enter Winter Harbor, and
If discovered to run into Bar Harbor,
or possibly keep along the coast and ef
fect an entrance somewhere else, but the
OljTcpia prevented this.
The -wireless message of the Oiympia
Fummoned the Kearsarge and the other
reserve battleships In time to brinj? the
«^neray Into ection when he was still six
miles from his proposed anchorage. In
this search problem the value of the
•wireless telegraph In the navy has been
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the
naval officers. Under ordinary conditions
It would have been several hours before
1he Olyicpla could have communicated
her discovery cf the enemy to any other
Khlps cf the squadron, even though she
rould have made a run for it. which the
rules prohibited. But by aid of wire
less service not only was ehe able to
inform the admiral of the approach of
the enemy, but Admiral Barker's flag
ship, the Kearsarge. transmitted the mes
sage sent by the Oiympia from ship to
Bhlp'elong the whole length of the coast
from Mount Desert Rock to Cape Ann.
fo that -to a short time all of the de
fending sauadron was informed of the
fact that the enemy was In sight and
reinforcements to Admiral Barker were
coming from miles along the coast
FU5JJ OP ATTACK.
Admiral Sands sailed from Bar Har
bor Monday. He ran 300 miles south of
Nova ScoUa. and on Wednesday turned
tack toward the coast. Fcr two days
ihe fleet sailed at half ppeed. so that
It would not reach the coast of Maine
too soon.
Admiral Sands' flagship, the Texas.
made no response with her guns. In
fiead a Trhlte flag \raa run up on tha
"^oxas. Then followed an Interesting ln
•Tchange of signals and the squadron
headed for Bar Harbor.
Tt was about 4:30 o'clock when the
Olyrcpla's wireless message was received
on the Kearsarge. General quarters were
sounded and In a remarkably short time
'he Kearsarge was under way. followed
*.n fern by the Alabama and Illinois. A
-umber of torpedo-bo-at destroyers and
":*rs fe'l in behind the battleships as
•.h*y rushed on to meet the hostile ves
**ls. In an hour the Kearsarge and her
consort! were In sight of the enemy.
As soon as she was In range the Kear
f arge opened fire with her secondary bat
tery. The other two battleships In turn
followed this action-
The conditions at this point, had It not
l><»en for the Olympiads wireless telegraph
rquipa-ent. Indicated that Rear Admiral
Sands might have reached an anchorago
In Winter Harbor.
Meanwhile the latter vessel had found
herself in a predicament. The fog, which
had been of aid to the enemy, proved of
disadvantage to the Oylmpia, for when It
lifted and Admiral Sands' vessels were
seen they were too close to the defending
vessel for her to escape.
i-'nder the rules of the maneuver! she
v.as overpowered by the superior force
And could do nothing but run up the
white flag and consider herself captured
by the hostile squadron.
OLYMPIA STJBJELENDKRS.
In an Irstant the operator in th» wire
less telegraph room was signaling for the
KearEarge to announce the discovery of
the Ceet to Rear Admiral Barker. The
flagship, twenty-five miles away, off
Mount Desert Rock, caught the sound
waves and answered. In a few moments
•vrofd came by the wireless that the Kear
aarge was on her way to aid th© Olym
ria.
Shortly after 4 o'clock the fogbank be
,cin to roil out to sea. and as the atmos
phere cleared even* man and officer of
the battleship searched the constantly en
larging field cf vision with anxiety. Sud
denly there came a cry, repeated Flmulta
neoutfy from various parts of the Olym
pia's superstructure, "There they are,
sir."
UAR HARBOR. Me.. Aug. S.-The naval
search problem, whici began last Wednes
day, when Rear Admiral Barker took up
liie plaa of defending the Maine coast
from a "hostile"' fleet which put to sea
oa Monday under Rear Admiral Sands,
ended early to-day, when the Oiympia,
the flagship of the defending fleet, dis
covered and intercepted the "white squad
roa" of the enemy, headed at full speed
for Winter Harbor. The hostile vessels
were rucnir^ in close order formation,
acd tad not the fog lifted at a favorable
moment it is thought the enemy would
have eluded those on guard. As it turned
cut. before her consorts could reach the
scene in answer to her signals the Oiym
pia had been forced to fly the white flag
and consider herself captured or destroyed
by the commander. The Olympic was the
farthest to the eastward of the defending
squadron and had a position twenty-five
miles outside Bakers Island for the great
er pert of three days. A thick fogbank,
which rolled in from the sea after mid
night, made It Impossible to cover the or
dinary cruising radius of the Oiympia,
and all that the men on Admiral Dewey'a
old flagship could do was to depend on
their ears and wait.
Marcoaigram to Flagship
Kearsarge Brings Fleet
to the Defense.
White Squadron Is In
tercepted by Cruiser
Oiympia.
WIRELESS SIGNAL
DEFEATS ENEMY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9. 1903.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 8.-George A. Patter- | *.
'¦:;. of Detroit, who traveled for Georse j^»
tt\ Lane & Co.. tea importer*, of New JV
V<rk'C'ity. wag found dead in his room ft
at e lhe Southern Hotel about noon to-day.
Mf was BittlnK In a chair, fully dressed, j^
*rrf.ar<-uitly not ha%ing retired last nJght. AT
Ills death is attributed to heart failure. • 'jl'*
Found Dead in a Chair.
25
$ Copyright Books 5Oc g. a. r. Fia gSy Decorations and Another Ssio of Skins
$ Coth bound— tit.es that were published origintlly at $1.50. Postage ioc Pictures OH Sale on Second Floor. flf*^^ •#«..•«• ,*..*•« /^- onl * *
''i extra Read this attractive list: '.- : V.V \-- .- t •*'¦''.-;* W '"•.' - • . tflCG IBVQC OHCS tOT JoC
if " B ££% on North- -Gertrude "a^m**-- ™>mair jgj&k '^^!^^^^i ¦™yyrj""^ > S/o Dealers will tell you that thsre is a scarcity at present in
£ "*L."laSeSfe °° Wen Glri "~ ' ' < GS?h* nd th * Womm "~^ M ' '•'¦l^^ul^-^^ 11 ' V^^v* j^* ~ -^ X > - * ' - < '- ; g 00^ Sheep Skins for pyrography and decorative pur-
* "Patience Spat hawk". -Ger- "StrtKular Life"— E. S. Phelps. "Within the Gates"— Phelps. -- fWsf 4* mS£\AiALS /j&sAli^*- M Jf M ASL^~ nnepe onH \/nil Will finH that th^V srp acHncr full nriroc
1" trude Atherton. "Gentlemen of France"— "The Amateur Cracksman"— gd jffM'Mjff e > §T » "flfrmlf /^Ti 7/ M ff B M&M pUiCb, dllU yUU Will III1U Uldl ill -V UlC dbMllg ILlll PllCLS
J- : Ta°n™S y M^t d ?th"- I Fo^' rrie - "Sra™ of Bienf-Hope. ¦•£&$ the K in S "-craw- / fi^C^J^f^A/ U L^U^S £ i for them everywher- in town; but we have gathered
I •¦^? I n o t.T h °« ht - « « " le 7SSSH- SSS5=Sw3w -wa jammer.—Ham.. -caufornia'S'Dvrgest- / ,„» Z^^=^ together more than 2000 nice large skins, in a fine as-
* ;;°j b ero^ 10M of 7 1 "- -5!J "Bf '"StJ'-jiwi ;St^'lSS« - - - - sasm msmsmm^^^ mmB^^ sortment of colors, including plenty of reds and
J. |^ta^2STcM al * "Ma.'^fMai^ ' *^^^^» BSB5BB^am eriCa'S grandest^tore greens— skins worth yqc each— and' offer them at
i -^So^&^S -SaZofTerorware" Special Sale Goods ordered by mail special sale Monday (and Tuesday also if. ggg*
£ ¦¦^^Tc^^^elllln, \ ' or telephone will not be sent c. o. D. | quantity lasts), each .,.. ******
I Advance s<ytes A GaMoatB of Blue Enameled Ware New Pajamas
* of Ladles' New At a third less than regular— Monday and Tuesday only. . Men's Nightrobes,
I J^ These finest of kitchen utensils were made by the manufacturers who make the famous Agate Nickel Steel Ware. The goods we offer for Sale on UfilliSPVf&SSr* EitS
i V ' Monday and Tuesday are made of sheet steel, coated on the inside with an absolutely pure while porcelain, and on the outside with a bright blue f
I v B?£6§1! enamel. They are perfect goods in the newest shapes, and will make a very handsome and attractive addition 'to any kitchen. The immense lot that we Mcn ' s Fancy Madras and Flannelette
af B 9M.MB W •*«««' offer includes a full assortment of the utensils that come in this ware and ihe prices are fully one-third less than regular. As these sales are usually very Pa jamas-Tnc cevvFausrock, all wirb
V heavy we cannot positively promise delivery under two days. - <W'^ :}" ; fly front jackets, military collars, cut
jr for September TcaPots. Coffee Pots. Upped Sauce Pans. Dish Pans. Rice Boilers. Covered Convex Tea Kettles. Soup Pots. prices ranging ;from 53.50 to $7.50,
$ 1^ 7oc 3P ,^..4«c 7 cc JP ,.u e ..4«c 5 ,= 3 ,,..-» e ..33c lip^i hSSi'stkTi ',,/sir.M. W&&4 *¦'*¦«•»¦*«¦ £0™^^*."*":
X bets; illwtrationi of thc lat«t effect* in early 8oc 3 qt. the . . 59c 8oc z qt. uze . . 59c 6oc 4 qt. size . . 39c Joqt. Ji.ootize . 67c or rou , h . 6 qt. $1.00 size . 67c 5 V- l x - a S »« • 9»c The large 15 qt. 51.40 luc ncw Jj? ftn 4 tf|c Wn
jj autumn drew fabrics, and an article thtt girei 90c 3 qt. size. . 67c 90c 3 qt. size . . 67c 70c 5 qt. s'ze . . 44c 14 qt. $1.20 »ize . 86c zqt. $1.15 size . 98c 8 qt. $i.z$ the . 88c 7 qt. J1.50 s!xe $1.22 uze for . . . .98c * ... ipOmUU TO $t OmUU
g m.ny valuable suggestions to those wishing to and man y ot j ier utensils in t/iis famous enameled ware at equally as low prices. Men's Ni^W Shirts— Made ot good
! i Jtom?'£SL£h!£t onlv This new « nd dafnt y Dnner S«t-The much-in^emand King Charles Six-piece Chamber Set-Rolled edge lasin, Tancy shaped pitcher, peu- muslin ; ™« Ia ] ani , f^ with « hc comf °*-
report en ear.y mwura. a w j a iwi wuy sh ,emi-porce!ain as thin and wh te as china, with a delicate 1^^ ing flowtr decorations in either green or b-own, a very __ * ble a:id g 00 * 1 looking turplxe neck, n-a:
! $ SZ^JSZA^fJrtlZ f-«- ° f — -i 1^' aU Ilr ? C "*£ m PiC£M Jm^^Sj\ S?CCial ValUC ' 8Ct •' ....:.- S2.25 corded tnmmi n£S , onl y 5OC
\X of all thc latest mode, for ladies, misses, girls for X2 P er8on '» 91S.9O; 5° P*"* *" 6 per- —— i¥.MTmr^W^\ \ Wrought Iron Csndle Stick - Dragon shape, comp'e'e with nf% Men's Ribbed Underwear —Warranted !
I* andboj-s. Sons * * * ' ' \ -WmW %MJM I ( ML-" color: d banquet candTe- • • • • «WC two-th.-e id double castle stitch, natural co'orcr
j J- Subscriptions to the magazine are taken at Thin Blown Glass Lemonade. Set — Tankard slwpe pitcher, 6 tumblers, s~3^\CW&£^^agk&fr' ~^#&/t Wrought Iron Jardiniere Stand - With ioy*l blui and ja 0% a v ry pretty shaie of blu:, per garment. 50O
|V the Butttrick Pattern Department, where dc lis engraving, complete s=t with silverine f n e^feVM^fT'J; "TT^t^W^ go d jarJ'nxre, and a handrome s-leaf preserved F alm .^Zm^hO M ' -. .' - . a .„_-•„, ..„-].
I*' patterns cf all the styles illustrated in the De. tray &M.5U )%^^§^}kc-r&WM^m^> -, Black Wrought Iron G«s Readim? Lamp — Complee with stand, Men sVmon SUItS— bU.p.us stoct,
if Leator can be obuned. Carlsbad Chim Cake Set- Large cake p'ate and six p!at«, set of 7 V^^£R^^r%^w*ffi«fe?=V fll ffl hoie - gooseneck, io-!nch white dome shade, and eyecup chimney tou.ht at a Sicritice, a tire Si. S o qua i:v, in
; % Subscription price portpaM, {i.oo a year; pieces, gold edge with jpray cf coor d flower dtcora- fg% i'^im^^^^&^^^^^M^ burner, mantis and a uminum smoke protector, __ a.nwn col.r on,y, a I : izl-3 from 3+'°4O.
* single copiei . . . . f BO Cons . &lmlU V~V for.. &4GmO& P« su t . . . &W.OU
|| Tuxedo Veilings 9c Yard Sale Table Covers
Sg Monday,and Tuesday only your choice of thousands of yards of Tuxedo Veil- ,„ m^^M^^Mi0^^^B^B va """ "— *" -^ **
I* ings that were originally 25c the yard, black Tuxedos with Persian dots, dotted The 95c 5^4 size ......58c The $1.75 7-4 size $1.18
K blue and purple effects, and plain browns, etc., per yard nine cents, * The $1.35 6-4 size .88c The $2.58 8-4 size $1.58
! Waists at Half I Sale New Metsai Printed Velveteens \ Be 'J ea F 9°H S JJ?A 50
| s-^ Some of ihe Dain- 75o and 85c Qualities, Monday and Tuesday 58c Yard CW f O rM e S n
* 1®S0$1 tlest Waists Less than a thousand yards of these very stylish Metal Printed Velveteens to. sell at The Newest Overcoats
§ <hat W tVis P ear U the price> S0 that U is scarcel y to be hoped that you -will find any of them on hand —The well fitting, WJM
Sy a^ er Monday. The lot consists of the newest designs in colorings for Fall — small gracefully hanging
i* Hundreds of beautiful Wash effects and polka dots in grounds of black, navy, brown and green. The printed belted coats, that '^imuSBIm^
S JSC^W^ iy^ici^JdZm^ Patterns are warranted fast; width 22 inches:* regularly 7 5c and 85c a yard; Monday have been designed MMHb^
u J/^<M^r^<ik dow and counter displays, «nd and Tuesday, \vhile quantity lasts, you can secure a Fall costume or waist "I5O^ -for fall and winter E^'rti-illi'! ii ;: MBk,
*¦ # A n\ffl§S* hundrcds of othcrs that arc at > P sr y ard * *^w»" 1903, now ready. | I'l'ji t I; , jf^J
i f ,r\ /lWl»tl * im irC!b . and Un80iIcd » madc New Scotch Mixturei- Extra heavy, all wool,") Satin de Chine- A very pretty line of th'i lofti AlSO the medium Or %M$ M$ jl|jM^^
¦ 1 \ V^ • \ li/H'i''* o{ fi QC w^ ltc J* wns « A few Ox- pretty mixed effects, in blue, brown, gny, weave silk for fhirtwaTsts, all colors for ttrert lon a lOOSe StVleS r^iHl'III^Q^ff^^r
I Ji l-V \X ]?55M WWty/v fords, fancy cheviot* and hcaw green and read ". | and evening wear at . f. i , , A~~\\ W'-^^ ir ffi&Sr
t I J amls V. fcrrinninP Mondav New Zlbillne Mixture»-In inowflakeind checked | ti~& fsPfo *m*. * Black and White Silks- In is d:rT-rent ttyies B£Z m* "gilt and Clark j ¦: l| }Wf
!V V29//I '' "i^r^Y^^^ >' <\ » i • l i_-i • effects, extra hraw and an exceptional value at | ¦ffiB |» Km KJ _ for shntwaists, underskirts and linings, a good y Mm m«Wm nvfnrH a r '1 u Q , 1 1 I i ! ! I'M v
\* iL^^r^W "dduriug week while quantity Halr-Llned Striped Cheviot- An ext.^a quality *b# %J %0 wearing silk at . . [ * ° . £ c Y P' ! tl^
\K ¥Sr. \ 88t8 » marked at juit half or- for wain and chJdren'i dresses, black an'i _. . 23-inch Black Taffeta -Swiss make, an extra ., Vflrd DlaCKS and tanCy M jj | 11 Ui ' '\
J. '• •' iginal prices to close. white and colors . . . ... . . . . . . \ Yard qualitv, a si. k for linings and upderskirts that S mixtures all Of / i' i'l Mi ill
Ik* - „, . __ - ... . ¦ *.* *— 38-Inch Wool Sackings — Snowfiake mixture, | will give a most satisfactory wear, at . . . . J , .*, ., .„ t'/ji '! i' I I -Wl
! j. u.*s wants . . . S3o **. 25 want* . . .$1.13 ,_ tra „•„, ., * * } ' J . . , them with the silk tw ' ' ; i il
*• _ ¦¦¦ - mm mm- * * r ¦ * -I'M, mm CXlll Tt UC *l •••••••••••••J «*¦ 11 f m C*ttl ** 1* • • -» lllvlll If llll 111V **J lilt filili ¦ I ' I > "I
$ 11.50 "Waists . . .75c ja.50 Warns . ..$1.25 The New Corkscrew Silk— For shirtwaist! and 1 . ..•=•. |jjl; ¦ jl; 111! \*\\\
*i jl. 75 Waists . . 880 J4.00 Waists . . $2»OO 46-inch Mixed Suitings— For rtylith Fall gar-"] evening dressej, in r hades of cream, mats, b!u*, Sleeve liningS, fj j|| j ¦ jji i j* U'l
J? J2.00 Waxti . ..$tmOO JS- 00 Waitts . . . $2m60 ments, a ful line of pretty color combinations pink,, red and navy; wi 1 give splendid wear; WOrth $15.00 SD 3 C~ fi'i'il 1 '''-i ¦ 111 I'l
<6.co Waists $3mOO at • BS3 F^ instead of $1.25 wehive marked th;m . . . /f^S <fiT ; 11 \ ' A Y\ th, Sllr ') 'I
tt Pongte and Silk Coats at ont- half off original prices — Yourchokc 52-inch Granite — A very popular dre«« fabric /fiffi^ iTB> Ntw Dress- Silks- Natlc Effects — The lattst £n ISlly marK^D Dy tfie ijj [||;| j jj |' .1 || \UJ
*^ now cf icm; cf thc moa itjlish girments of this character thown this that will wear^-well, complete line of new Fall ¦ jS fff./jg %SLf9 Paris an fad in sHk fabrics; we are showing BjHSr El bl 0 " Store %&$2m5Q ' ¦
K season. • colon at them in large a;sortment at *^ & _ |'||i l< Kt? I*Hi II
:y j 10.7s Coats. .. $5 45 $14-50 Coats. .. $7.25 44-inch Etamine-A pretty evenly woven fabrc Yard 23-inch Black Taffcta- Positively the bert wear- Yard Hl 8^ Gnide 5uit . S l0T . Men ~~ 'i'tlWIji]* V$ <)
i If 512.50 Coats. . . i.6,25 Coats. . .$8.25 in back, cream and all colon, and an eicep- ing black tarT:ta made; cur guuantre woven The new fall and Winter \}^ff. \M\ jjrl; i— »
j JC . .$6*75 J2r. 50 Coats . ..$10*75 tional value at . ..... . .-. . . . . J in every yard; full value at. J patterns in cheviots, tweeds, xli|s£lj^
i *f ? 2 ?~l O C ° at f'»" " *^ * * ' '.".* • Sffm25 CaSSlmCTCS, Worsteds, etC, * -^
:IsSHHHSlP % -^- • Fine Patent Leather Shoes $3.5O HSI^ilS
I* $9.38, $10.12, $12.38, $14.38, $15 Any of the six pretty styles pictured below and a dozen others equally desirable, Boys' suits- Norfolk or doubic-breast=d nck-ccat it y ies 5 ehe™*,
$ ! Toilet Artie es made of t . he best . Patent Colt Sk . in ' Paten t Vici Kid and Patent Calf, the equal in style cassimerei and tweeds b^ new M E«K«.' f rzeafor8to, s^«
I at deeply cut prices and wearin S qualities of the majoiity of the $5.00 shoes offered through- ff n Russian or Sairor*Biouse"suits-of nne .u-w CO i wo^ef sTr^S
5* 2 ;c Amoiin Antiseptic Powder forV. .. . tSn out the country, all sizes and all [widths, here for Mvy> royaJ f ancy , ,j ZCS 2^ t Dio years, at
H • X "' W f 'en .- :-n; v *-". . - •» • ¦ .V.V;^;.^—;.'.^./-; ;.; # ; •;¦,•;. ¦ ¦". x , . / # *^« JQff
t' /5 - +/ • • • f*%Sm$t£l iSIBiw fOlS^H? Vv8SaiP$/ Boyj' Lon« Pants Suits— In all-wool BIus Cheviots, fancv Tweed?,
|j; $l.co size Dr. Charles Flesh Food for 50 C W^} »rW ' , l^W/ and Casimexe^ stoutly ma:e and lined; v,iue, ; for ,ge, ,1
Jk* 25C eizt Pray'* Emery Boards for ....... /5C X^^^^^^. l^^SftS^w^ 30 beautiful pitternf, flcraT, Roman, Persian an 1 Hrrildis —
! ?* 25c Size Pray's Cosmetic Rosaline for . . . . . tSO JJ^ft desrgm, in all imaginable color egeca, per yard 7 SG
** S I OO lize Ncwbro's Herpercide for 7Sn Thl8 « ty l e — Pat * nt Th' 8 «tyle — Patent . This style— All pat- Patent Colt Walk- This style — Also This style— Patent 20 patterns cross itrpcj, oriental stripe*, in beanuful colorings to har-
H ¦ ' . r* m * T- i_tjj / **•• ' */ir Vici. ¦ dull" mat kid colt, the new Geneva ent Kid Oxford ties. ing Oxfords. Blucher Patent Colt, dull kM Calf, dull kid tops. rnonze with any furnthings, per yard . .' BOO
V 2 5 C 612e CaldCT • Tooth Powder for .. ..... /5c top. quarter worked plain to*, dull mat newest shape plain ? 0 S' the^ne^ Har" top. straight fo X in K . X modern^ffin 36-Inch Frmted Burlaps- In stained gtm effectt, ribbon and fleur d,
; *L roc size Calder's Tooth Powder for 3StS eyelets, hand-turned kid tops, hand-turned to*s. hand - turned vard toes and tips, medium toe and tip*. toe. hand - turned . jj, <t es jens, for home decorations, vard ........ . 200
' » * LTNTVJA-- cu- c r jm*» »olea. Louis XV eoles. Louis XV soles. Louis XV welted soles. mill- extension soles, mill- soles. hair Cuban ", . . °. •* p ,, r ,ii rn .._ * «bZ.
; jf 25c cakes Dr. Lambert'* Antiseptic Skin Soap, 3 tor.4OC heels. heels. heela. tary heels. - tary heels. heel. 3 6- inch pUn Bur aps, all co.ors ISO
j| Bedding Economics I 4 Most important safe New Fall Underwear
*>] Here are seme dependable satistaction-giv'.ng seasonable household suppli s that are much' B AMffA M3^BI9ff&43? The i3GSt ttiakCS ifiOHey C3H BUy
und?r prcvaUing picr», and which in? mills cou'd not match to-day it the:? prices because of thr EL* II KJ8 %Jr OOfl^d Our F^ll »tock ha S arrived trom the E-st .nd :rom turopr. and includes such tamou* Srinis as
|5 advance in the cctt of materials a-d labor. '1'^- *^. "r-'r ¦ •:• **^ T Hr'it- Ypsi'inti, Merode, Globe, Springfield and Dorothy, aJso ths Rob Roy tor children only.
; *• Bed Sheets- 8 1x90 inches, doube bed s ! ie, White Blankets— Nice quality, principa!ly Ea«- MondaV 3nd -durinp: Week, While qiiantitV laStS, VOlir MerOde Underwear -' L 3^"' Union Suits— Same material as above,
if undressed bleached muslin, »U this ern wool, 70 inches wide, 4^-lb.' weight, . .,•• . . • __ „ - n , . • ¦ ¦ .. *<*..«-¦ . ,. ii -'^™T; - ' n : . %%> . >.' $2.25
jj we.k.instcadofecceac^onsak.^lte neatly bound, this week', l o ¦ ChOlCC Of 2(X) JlD-WOOl, excellent Quality, W2 ICCt SmyiTO L»J« «^r weight cotton Vests, Pant, and tmm£% Ur.icn Suits-Same 'nJerial ft
1 fJ^W*$^MM MSonSa^slT h ; fir eV A £rn^ Rugs, in 2 5 of the latest Persian and floral effects, ru S s m . * too SZ^^ilSS™*
I Sorter,, Monday and Tu «day S^i^^h^^ . worth at the Mowest estimates $22.50 4>1'7 nn -SS^SS^SSSSSSL
' »: K whttfsheet cottol/beautifi; col- White SprU'-A heavy make, } fZ^ T" Two-third, wool a, above, garment fhZSri ffZ^l?
II orbg., an excellent" value, st50 ££^^^"§1.75 Also your choice of thre e ; carpet sizes of the brilliantly u^ t^^T° n{Jmon M $i^ , ii" Jrlh^ b " w '
I J wwt? BVnk'ets- Afmoct'.u" wool," 7 «8o adored Sp^lds-'Ther^Engii^h M'seiLe,, colored, handsomely patterned Moravian rugs at these children-. y e s» and pants, two-thirds w <«i, J^^Sy"^' "J* " soo
$ '^JXlr*:'?:$2.95 astonishing reductions: WvMM^"M '^IZ^^'fft
y «=.*» m « **>b «,»» $12.00 ox II Yi ft. size...... ..for S8>85 ,;siio> »« >iri 6O0 5» :i "toi»j.in,nch. .aso
I $7.5O HOCkers $4.35 $1 4.009x12 ft. size. :.. ¦,,.,,". :for $9.as s t r.v;^::::fg§ RobRoyun'£™™r
j; A carload of so id comfcrt arm rockers at a little more iH.i.t'iu-rrn^ $16.00 10/^X12 ft. SlZC .... .fOT'$11m&5 Titlhi<S Chi'dren's Rob Roy Cashmere Vests, Pants
J than half their real value will be one of cur great vfe?*** 1 " ; 'i .'*'<< ¦'V^W ' ¦ • • t •"?**',•"* I *"-T * - and B -y»' Drawers, natural and white,
fc 1 special offerings in the Futn'.turc and Carpet Depart- We are making a specialty of our Rllg Depatitnent^ which i$ HOW the Ladies' Dorothy Equest ian Tight3, kn:e or mtium weigh::
£ menu for Monday.and Tuesday. The picture gives t5 largest and best equipped on the Pacific LOast. Watch for Our frequent ankle length, open or dosed, fast black: Sze 18 20 22 14 26 .
* jou an idea ofthe style ofthe.e rockers, which are made pUa»~_ _— X * */>£;„/ 'h»m»4*,e in hitrh W« f ¦,!,,„:„», f,,rniHir* Wool mix- d, each . . . $1.25 Each 500 £>0© 7OO SO©
J^ ofh; g h'.y polished gcldtr. o»k or mih.ganyiinihtdj f^^^^gfl special bargains in high class floor coverings and furniture. AS v ool, each ..... $#.5O S« 2 8 3^ 3 = . 34
»? some are upholstered in velcurs, some have cobbler V*,l S *^^S^**B ¦ _ - m 13 .... — - • >> /ti.L^ ##---*l-— ..»^_ Each SO© SimOO $1m1O $1*25
Jf seats; they are worth $7. 50 of 0JM O/T' ¦ ¦¦ , FOBrl ButtOHS and OttlCr NotJOHS GIOBO UlttlerWear Same, in heavy weight, r.atu at color only:
?• one's monev: our two-da v rrice . %3 B VM%9*J' mxfo^l^is^rll "JntS^-^ l- i u .» c r • ¦ /: o -, , ;in*«t L:dies' fine ca hmere mi<td Vests and Pants, S it 20 aa 14 26
t A Parlor Setftr $27.5O-Ineatml ; t suite of three WP^^^^^ 5 °° .^"f *f f™™ ' T :^ ? 8 . *?••" .^ *? '"^ Jersey V,bbed, vest, leng or shor:^ Each 55o 6O0 65O 70O
£ pieces, finely crotch* and matched mahogany back • ': Wffl on special sa.C Monday and Tuesday, only, card of 2 dozen . .... • 3C pants French yoke bands, non-shnnking, Sz= 28 30 32 34
t ( teal ), and stats uphclrered in good taprstiv; the three ftShFr ' ' '' ' ""*^d Bru.h Binding, all colors, yard /; O Ccats' Darning Cotton, all co'.ors, 3 for . . So colors nitural or cream gament . Each 7 SO 8 C 8;O BUC
\*t piece, (sofa, arm chair* and recep-^Tl— -^ '' E&a«*'i.. v^^ K d Curle», bunch So^So Tomato Cushions, each . . ..... . 80 e "*• "S"* 1 OI> ?* t f . am0U$ >»lanti Underwear, and ive guarantee every pure
I * lien chair) for $27.50 nTfi £ A Stock Foundations, all sizef, each . . .f2^O * ™ 1 L- ' , • , , «'^ Suit of this make at $4.25 each to be absolutely non-shrtnking.
£ You positively cannot duplicate this set any- \MF^^&z\ ' Pearl Headed Sfclc Fins, doaen 7o Safet y F'Hs, 8 .ze, i, a and 3, dozen . . 3o Money refunded if not as represented.
i %' where at less than $ 35 .oo. Other sets at X^tessaGz23&&% ' *™Y Hat P.m. each ... . 80 to 25o Hum P Hook ? and E *"' " rd 2 X<> ' /»-™»«../«^ f Snum-c
Jk* $32.50 to $325.00. B Jy ¦'-'¦ ¦'¦*'¦'^a^v W - Best qua ity Stockinet Dress Shields, pair. . <5o Fancy Silk Elastic Hose Supporters. .'. .25O - - •*» lrf»C?~#C?» ¦ SmMM LltjMUrd
*I Our A:!-brass fctds— Are h:ghly tpokenof by dlscrimi- Wg x|S?5- 200 yards spool Basting Cotton 3 for. . ..5© Hookon Hose Supporters, pair 25O and 5 tJ O Lennox So*p — Monday and Tuesday, 15 6-y tar-old Llaret- -Monday and Tuesday, pal-
jj- rut'ng buyers; prices being th: very lowest quoted in Vf^I - ' l^iHHMHMMBHMMiMMMi^B^HHMHMHMiMMHHi^MB bars ...... ........ SOO ' on 37 O
¦* San Francitco .. . .. $27*50 to $160*00 ' o - fc jp» .. ' ,3^_J_T Sfpolio— Monday and Tuesday 4 cakes 25C Fany's Medicinal Mai t— Mo iday and Tursiay*
A Fine Drtsier $35.00 -Mahogany or birds- Dmsinj Table $13.50- Maple, mahogany or Batty Uafflaffe 1ot8»0^ ' Royal- Salad Dressing-The best for 2 dav?, botte 75O
1 S. eye map!e, finert quali y, bas: 43 inches golden cak; has oval French-beveled m rror; SW.5Q StvIeS. $7.15 USSSffiJU™- . b0t | L *o",." '- » V * * ; * ' l7 ° ° d McBraytr Whiskey- 8 years old for 2
£ wide, drawers fu'l serpentinr front, curvsd prttty curved French fcgs: a good match for 9 ,, , Y . * V*miO , \n^9ffi^r I 7 c - Koyal Baking Powder- is, for 2 days, days, gallon V3.OO
Jk Frmch lrgs, ova:-ihaped French plate beveled- the droer rfetcribed else- Three small lots of baby carriages to be closed out // lb . 4-Oo McMulIen's White Label Stout — Monday and
* edged mlrrcr 24x30 inches, al r-olhhfias where in th!s ad . . . .§13m5O Monday and Tuesday, one style of which' is shown Wt&S&ir 1 Jhr± Je'Io or Junket Desserts— Monday and Tues- Tuesiay. per dozen $1.90
I smooth ... plategl.ss.nd - nn ¦ in iJ ullrat i on . They have virnished r«d bodies, • 1|W|MA o da / on^7 P kgs. . . . . . .. - BOO A. V. H. G.n- Monday and Tursdaybott^
*' o n l v . . Ajdtl/w Fine Bedroom Chain KA C(l U\,h ,¦!,,. ,1 > • j • • . . 1 ¦, III NtliviMwSPSr rJ\j/J Oysters— Cho cc Cove, for 2 days, 1 tins 25O $1,4-2
I uSrJ'Des\'$.5.C0lin'fpi;^^any 't^Ty «e upholstered m good tapenry wnh plush roll &.*«*. *~£ cU? US JS Brown', Celery Phcphate - Fcr 2 day,
fA and oak; one ofthe brs. deigns we have room ch.irs, in maple, golden oak and ' the hood nlCcI y llOcd tO matc^; have patent hub A^ and Carrnel, Monday and Tuesday, p!cg #Oo qu.rt kitbe S5O
J- had on cur floor; wduH makt a very accept- mahogany coJor, also natural _ rubber tired Steel wheels, and patent. foot brake; f^Wf7?W -SU^ Eastern Cheese- Martin's, Monday and Tues- A BC Beer-Mor.diy. ard Tucrdav, pm^
%¦ able birthday pr.sent: a very low price for b rch . . .• $*FmQO tnrv arr th<? repular $Q 7C Whitnev 'dSS* m 9 4V S" V7 Ay •V/ AV d *y* 2 lbs • • • •- • • •• :•'•"•• 35C dozen ¦ $1*4O
* 'dib hand-omeVicce of fur- ?L # - F -,-, . • .T" '™ j -^ "- * }!u^l£'Jl 7 S7mM4^ Best Fancy Japan R ice-Monday and Tuesday, -. American Club Whiskey- Full F roo', M nday
{ niture. ..... . $15.00 Rockers to match $ 5 . 75 . carnages -for the two days only y*"^ 5 lb, g5O and Tuadiv, gallonAugust. September. October and November
are really tha enjoyable months to spend In
the country, and In no place U this more so
than along tha California Northwestern Kali
way,
It is * tl:n« when th» crop* oaa after an
other are ripening:, from the fruits to grapes
and hops. N»tur« is xnaturtnc *»J tha cli
matic conditions are in unison.
During this time the flsh aro more readily
caught and they are plentlft*. Trout in th»
streams and trout and feass in the rivers and
The game has be«n well protected through
out this section and deer are easily found- la
Marln County the open 'season for deer is from
July 15 to September 13; In Sonoma County,
until September 1. and la Mendocina and Lak»
counties until October 1. The dove season U
op*n from July 15 to February 15.
Many catches of flsh are being daily made,
and the hunter wiiti the daer on his ahoulderc
comes In «v<jiTf evening tired and hungry, but
proud.
This whole country is a Mecca, for the sports,
man. If hs"has not selected a location wher*
h» can board during his hunt the. sam« will
be readily found in "Vacation 1903." Issued by
the- California Northwestern Raalway. •
Only 24 per cent of doctors reach sev
enty years, but 43 per cent of clergymen
do six •- ¦ -— - - — — ~
erect, on the southeast corner of Fulton
and Webster streets a five-story malt
house to cost $175,000.
Henry Derham and "William Kaufman
will build adjoining residences on the
north line of Washington street; one of
which will corner on Maple street.
Dr. A. K. Harahall has erected a sub
stantial three-story residence and office
building combined on the north line of
Post street, between Polk and Larkln.
Oscar Heyman is building two fiata on
the south line of California street, 82:6
feet . west from Fourth avenue, to cost
$5000, and a six-room cottage on the west
line of Potrero avenue, between Twenty
second and Twenty-third streets. The last
mentioned has been sold to J. Anderson.
Mr. Heyman reports the following sales:
Lot 28:8x70 on the south line of Heyman
avenue. 75 feet west of Prospect, to Jane Gra
ham, for $650; a six-room cottage on the west
side of Sanchez street, 200 feet south of Thir
tieth, to J. Goldman, for $2750; a six-room
cottage on tha north Una of A street, 57:0
east of Seventh avenue, to cost $39OO» to E.
Serens; a Jot 50x100 on the north side of J.
street, 32:0 west of Forty-sixth avenue, for
$1000, to T. 11. Perkins; a six-room and bath
cottage on the west Una of Sanchez street. 228
feet south of Thirtieth, to Paul Vincent, for
$2750; a four-room and bath cottage on the
west' side of Sanchez street. 240 feet south of
Thirtieth, to 1<\ Doland, for $2250, and a lot
25x80 at 68 Merritt street, with Improvements,
to E. Moore, for 91230.
OFFEREB AT AUCTION.
On Tuesday next Easton, Eldridge & Co.
will hold an auction of realty at 63S Mar
ket street The catalogue for the sale
includes the following mentioned proper
ties: •
Lot, 82x70 feet, and three modem flats, on
the north tide or O'Farrell street. 25 feet east
of Laguna; the lot on the west side of Buchan
an street, 88:0 south of Post, having a frontage
of 2\ feet, by a depth of 87:6, with a two-story
house; to close an estnte, the lot, 25:5l£x9O, on
(he north » line of (.'lay street 100 feet, east of
Central avenut; the lot. .40x37:6. and tbree
houses at 5 and 7 Alice street, oft Folsom; be
tween .Third and Fourth; the lot, 27:6xS5, and
double flat building on the. south side of Clay
street, 110 feet east of Baker; three tots on the
north side of '.Twenty- fourth street. 160 feet
rsirt Of Diamond, each 20:8x114; the lot, 40x80
feet, with Improvements consisting: of three
¦tores and a rooming-house of fifteen rooms
ahove, at S53 to 301 Fifth street: the lot, 25x
120 feet, on the east line of Walter street, 21S
feet north of Fourteenth: the.. lot. 22:11x68:9.
and a two-story ¦ frame building on the south
tilde of Bay street. ' 113 :7 east of Stockton; the
lot. 20x137:0, on the north side of Oak street.
127:6, west of FUlmore; the lot, 25x80 feet, and
four 'four- room flats, on the south line pf
Welsh street, 175 feet west of Fourth, and the
lot,. 00x114 feet, with cottage, on; the northeast
corner of Jersey and Vicksbure 1 streets.
; G. H. .Umbsen & Co. will auction realty
to-morow ' at 20 Montgomery street. - Tbe
VICTIMS OF BYRON" WRECK
COMPROMISE THEIR CLAIMS
Father of Roberta and Louis Mayer
Receives $15,000 From the
•,V Southern Pacific . .
Paul J. T. Mayer, father and guardian
of Louis C. and Roberta Mayer, who were
severely burned in the train wreck near
Byron last December, yesterday compro
mised his $20,000 claim against the South
ern Pacific for $15,000, or $7500 for each of
his children. The compromise was con
firmed in Judge Kerrigan's court, where
a release of all claims was filed.
The mother of the Mayer children was
killed in the wreck, and the children re
ceived burns that will mark them for life
and seriously Impair their ability as
bread-winners. . ;.--";>..
AGED VETERAN OP CIVIL
WAR, SUES FOR DAMAGES
Was Hurt, He Alleges, Through the
Sudden Starting of O'Far
: ;. rell-Street Car.
Alfred K. Goodrich, a cobbler at the
Presidio, who on May 27 last was severely
Injured by a fall from a westbound O'Far
rell-street car, sued the California-street
Cable Railroad Company yesterday for
$5000 damages. He says that his fall was
due to the sudden starting of the car be
fore he was safely on board.
Goodrich is 87 years of age and walks
with the aid of a crutch and a cane. Be
cause of meritorious service rendered dur
ing the Civil War he is allowed to con
duct a small' cobbling shop within the
Presidio. / ...
Suit for Mining" Tools.
In the United 8tatea Circuit Court yes
terday the .General Electric Company* of
V, e Y \°t& flled a- 8ult ¦: a'srainst Willlanr
Mulr of Placer County to recover posses
sion, of tools and machinery of the- Tur
key Hill mine, near Michigan Bluff, Pla
cer County, of the value of 16500. and $1500
damages for unlawful : detention ' of the
same. . , ,.
to the absence of some of tha Commis
sioners. The committee appointed to at
tend to the lowering of the railroad track*
to the official grade, consisting of Sol
Getz, A. C. Camphell. Robert Fitzgerald
and Mr. Bogart, was requested to state
to Mr. Chapman of the United Railroad*
Company that the work on H street front
ing Sol Geta & Sons' block being far ad
vanced, it would be advisable to proceed
with their part of the work at once.
The office of the secretary of the club
having been declared vacant, on motion
Mr. Bogart was elected to fill that posi
tion. , ;-^
On motion of D. A. nfegs a number of
committees were appointed to circulate
petitions soliciting signatures of the prop
erty owners in the Oceanside district for
the purpose of grading and macadamising
streets from H to P streets and Forty
fifth to Forty-ninth avenues.
Sol Get?, C. T. Patriarche and T." Sher
man were appointed a commJtte to wait
upon Chief of Police Wlttman and re
quest him to protect the district from
undesirable characters. The club indorsed
the petition to have Mr. Jackson appoint
ed a special police officer to patrol th*»
Oceanside district. The committee on gas
reported the laying of pipes now in op
eration.
The schoolhouse at Forty-eighth avenue
and I street was crowded with the mem
bers of the Ocean Boulevard Improvement
Club at the regular meeting last Friday
night. By unanimous vote the club will
hereafter be, known as the Oceaoslde Im
provement Club. Several- Important
changes in the la.ws -and constitution of
the club were proposed by the executive
committe and adopted.
Mr. Fitzgerald reported a meeting held
•with the Park Commissioners in regard
to obtaining permission to use the south
drive' of -7the . park for teams
hauling building material for the Ocean
side district. .' Action was postponed o wine
CHANGES ITS NAME.
Edwin S. Tucker of Madison & Burke Is
again amending to business, having recov
ered from injuries received in the North
Shore railroad accident of June, 21. '
J. N. Miller of Bovee, Toy & Co Is
back in the city from his Lake Tahoe trip.
Edward Gilson, formerly in the shipping
business for the past five years with John
Perry Jr.. has accepted the position of
cashier with Sonntag Brothers, In the
Ffcir building, 232 Montgomery street.
Oscar Heyman^ has returned from South
ern California,
George H. Lent of Hooker & Lent has
returned from Lake Tahoe*.
Bovee. Toy & C<v are fairly settled In
their new quarters, 117 Montgomery
street. The offices are very handsomely
fitted, lo ;
Southwest corner of Gough street and Ivy av
enue, 30x75 feet, with two houses and a cot
tage, belonging to the estate of Ellen Gal
lagher; the northwest corner of Sanchez and
Duncan streets. 80x114 feet, at referee sale,
subject to confirmation by the Superior Court:
the property of the estate of A. Maloney. at
42S. 430 and 432 Eddy street, consisting: of a
lot. 20x137:6, with substantial Improvements,
subject to confirmation by the Superior Court;
a holding on the south line of Folsom street,
between Fourth and Fifth streets, in subdivis
ions; tbe lot. 22x82:6, and dwelling, at 68 El
liott park: lot. .25x09:9, with two-story dwell
ing, at 4067 Eighteenth street: the unimproved
lot. 37:6x107:7^. on the northeast corner of
California and Locust streets, by order of the
administrator of the estate of Thomas Le
Count; a lot. 27x100 feet, on the east side of
Gough street. 28 feet south of Green; the lot.
25x120 feet, and three-story building belonging
to the Catherine HtU estate, at »4 Bluxome
street, subject to continuation by the Superior
Court, and five properties of the J.. B. Painter
estate, on the southwest corner of Bryant and
Twenty-fifth streets, on the west line of Ken
tucky street, between Twenty-sixth and Army
streets, lot 34, in block 12. of the Flint Tract
Homestead Association: lots on Farallones and
Cap! tat streets, and lots 360, 367, 363 and 3O>
In Gift Map No. 1.
catalogue mentions the following proper
ties to be sold:
Commissioner North acted upon In
structions received from the Commission
er General of Immigration et Washing
ton. D.' C. 1
United States District Judge de Haven
denied yesterday an application for a writ
of habeas corpus for the release- of S.
Toda from the custody of the officers of
the steamship Coptic. Toda Is a Japanese,
who has Just completed an imprisonment
of thirty days In the County Jail. He
was convicted of having attempted- to
smuggle ashore from the Coptic a quan
tity of silk and articles of Japanese bric
a-brac concealed in the false bottom of
a trunk- On his release from Jail United
States Immigrant Commissioner North
ordered Toda to be deported on the
ground that he was a criminal and had
become a charge upon the State. Toda
claims to be the owner of a store In Los
Angeles.
Stringent Proceeding Against Mer
chant Who Had Violated the
Customs Revenue Laws.
JAPANESE SMUGGLER . .
WILL BE DEPORTED
Mien Injured by Breaking of Beam
File Suits Against Vic
tor Hoffman.
Six of the carpenters injured by the
breaking of a tie beam In a warehouse
in course of construction on. Sansome
etreet. between Greenwich and Vallejo,
last April filed cults for damages against
Victor Hoffman, the builder, yesterday.
They claim the accident was due to the
use of faulty timber. The sums sued for
aggregate $64,700.
Tha plaintiffs, all of whom were badly
hurt, and tbe amounts they sue for are:
F. C. Drost, $15,450; James Donahue, $10,
400; A. A- StUes. $15,450; A. D. McDonald.
$25,000: A- B. Winnie, $10,450, and H. Jay
Hill. $10,450.
Ah Sing Claims It Is Discriminating
and Therefore a Violation
of Treaty.
Ah Sing of 115 Waverly place, who was
arrested a few days ago for violating
ordinance 937, which declares it a frac
ture of the law to expose gambling- de
vices in a room, into which free ingress is
Qot allowed the police, will test the con
stitutionality of the ordinance In the Su
perior Court. Yesterday he filed a suit for
a writ of prohibition preventing Police
Judge Conlan from proceeding with his
trial.
Sing claims the ordinance is unconstltu
tioral, because it discriminates against
the Chinese and is therefore a violation
of the treaty.
The cases of Richard Cornelius, presi
dent of the Street Carmen's Union, and
J. Kean, business agent of the City Front
Federation, charged with - refusing to
move on when requested fojdo so by Po
liceman J. F. Welch on Clay street on
Friday afternoon, were dismissed by Po
lice Judge Conlan yesterday morning.
There were direct contradictions in the
testimony given by Welch and Cornelius.
Welch testified that Cornelius and. Kean
were standing in front of Murray &
Ready's employment office, 634 Clay
street, with three other men and Corne
lius said they were not In frdnt of the
employment office and were not talking
to any men. Kean was ndt called upon
to testify.
The Judge asked Welch how many men
as a rule were in the employment office
at a time and Welch replied, "about 200."
The Judge said that Murray & Ready
should be arrested for violating the cubic
air ordinance. He blamed them for be
ing the means of blocking the sidewalk
with their bulletin boards and said they
were entirely at fault. In dismissing the
cases the Judge said the officer had made
a mistake in arresting the defendants, as
they were not the class of men who stood
In front of an employment office.
Judge Conlan Decides That Police
man Made a Mistake in
Arresting Them.
CASES AGAINST CORNELIUS
ANI> KEAN ARE DISMISSED
WILL TEST THE VALIDITY
OF GAMBLING ORDINANCE
CABPEHTEES SEEK HEA.VY,
DAMAGES FROM BUILDER
'An eleven-story* fireproof building la
projected for the north line of Oeary
street, between Powell and Mason ntrvota,
to co»t,U75.000. ¦•.:.-.-, ,
National "Brewing Company 'will
Two large sales that ; were put through
by A. J. Rich &, Co. ; have Just been re
corded. The properties were the Bullock
& Jones building and lot on the north
west corner of Sutter and Trinity streets,
which was sold for $315,000, and ¦ the San
Francisco News Company building on the
north'line of Geary street, which was, sold
for $205,000.
The following sales have been made by
McAfee Brothers:
Two lots on the east line of. Maple street, S5
feet north of Sacramento street. 61x87:6 feet,
to Alice Beckman; lot on the north side of
Sacramento street, near "Maple. 25x06 feet, for
$2000; bouse and lot on the north line of Han
cock street. 1C0 feet east of Sanchez, 25x114
feet, for $2000; three lots on the west line of
Sixth avenue. 375 feet north of Lake streot
75x1-0, for $3500: house and lot on the east
line of San Bruno road, 200 feet weat of
Twenty-fifth street, 25x100 feet, for Rivera
Bros., for $2850. - ) •
Boardman Bros. & Co. have established
a" country department and intend to ener
getically i develop this , line of ' their ' busi
ness,'both as to suburban properties and
country; lands. They, hayo secured the
services of P. W.H-' Ash "as 'manager of
this * department. Mr. Ash has had 'more
than ten years' experience in the country
real estate business 'and is w«U ac
quainted with | its various branches. Tha
firm are sale . agenta for the Dclvednro
Land Company, Belvedere, Berkeley, 8au.
salito and other bay districts, and gen
eral country and farm lands will receive
attention. „ -\ • -v . ". ,'-.
For Elizabeth Collins, the property on the
south line o* McAllister street. 200 feet west
of. Parker avenue. 25x03:6 feet, and 7-room
cottage, for $2500; for W. A. Starr, lot on the
south line of Vallejo street, 110 feet west of
Devlsadero. lot 30:t!xl87:6 feet, for $3290; for
J. II. Spring, property on the south line or
Brannan street. 55 feet east of Seventh street,
50x75 feet, with old ' Improvements, for, $4500.
LAKGE TRANSACTIONS.
The City Land Company, through the
agency of McAfee Brothers/has sold the
southwest corner of Sacramento and
Laurel streets for $10,000; .through thQ
same agency a lot on the north line of
Broadway, near Buchanan street, 28:9x
137:6 feet, has heen sold for 510,000.
Minor sales have been made by Board
man Bros. .& Co. as follows:
McAfee Brothers have sold twenty lots
at the southwest corner of Frederick and
Wlllard streets for the Chambers estate.
The price, was $25,000. The land face* on
Frederick, 'Willard and Carl streets. The
buyer Intends, to complete the' street work
on all the streets named, and will then
put the property on the market. <
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: ¦¦.
25x120. west lln« Tenth avenue, 275 feet
south' of L street, to Mabel I. McCrackln ; 28x
100, south line H street, 67:6 feet west of For
ty-seventh avenue, to O. A. Singleton, : for
$1000; 26x120. east line of Forty-ninth avenue,
137:6 feet south of J street, to L. M. Blanchard,
for $1200; 25x120. west line Eleventh avenue,
150 feet north of J street, to F. E. Fox; 25x120,
east line Forty-ninth avenue, 137:6 feet : north
of L street, to M. Arnlm, for $1200; 25x100.
south line Clement street, 82:6 -feet west of
Twenty-fourth avenue, to M. Donnelly; 25x120,
east line Ninth avenue,. 225 feet north of N
street, to James Carroll.
SELL TWENTY LOTS.
Boardman Bros. & Co. have sold for
the Cuneo & Costa Company the prop
erty on the south line of Sacramento
street 79:6 feet east of. Powell street to
A. W. Wilson, 68 feet on Sacramento
street, 23:7% feet of which has a depth of
68:9 feet and the remainder a depth of
137:6 feet, Includes three brick residence
buildings and forms a valuable adjunct to
the property formerly purchased by Mr.
Wilson through the same, firm on the east
line of Powell street, opposite the Fair
mont Hotel. The terms of the sale are
private, but it is understood that the price
approximated $20,000.
Speck & Co. report the following recent
sales:
Lot 7.">xlO9:9, on \t<i south line of TValier
street, 25 feet east of Belveder*. for $7500,
from, Mrs. Emily S. Ne^-ell to the Hamilton
Methodist Episcopal congregation: a lot. 25x
80 feet, with a three-story building containing
a store and a lo«lglng-hous», on ths southeast
Kide of Howard street, 200 feet southwest of
Fourth, from W. D. Brovrn and J. J. Sul
livan to Pauline' Frledlander, for $15,600; lot.
25x80 feet, with store and flat, on the ea?t
line of Castro street, 8» feet north of Twenty
fifth, from M. J. and Maggie Kelly to W. J.
Carlin, for $3500; lot, 25x125 feet, on the we* t
line of Fair Oaks street, 235 feet south of
Twenty-fourth, from Mrs. E. M. William* to
Mrs. H. I*. Tlsdale. for $1100.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report the follow
ing recent sales:
L. Metier to W. J. Shotwell. lot of land J20x
450. northeast corner of Twenty-fifth avenue
and D str«et, $5500; Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society to Mary A. Burke-, lot 25x114, south
line of Twentieth street. 155 west of Dolores
street, $1100; J. B. Harries to John Schmidt.'
Improvement*, at No. 130S Broderick street,
east line. 02:6 north of O'Farrell street, and
lot 22:6x92:6, far $2200; Mary P. MacCrelllsh
to J. A. Miller, lot 2!forl70 Irregular, east Old
San Jo».e road, 87:4 south from Twenty-ninth
street, for $1500; Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society' to "William MfcGrbrey, lot 25x114, 'north
line of Twenty-ninth street. 200 west of Noe
atreet, for $500; David A. Baum to M. Slmlnoff,
lot southeast line of Market street. 3U3% feet
northeast of Church street. 30x125:4^, irregu
lar; Charles' Kata to H. II. Christianson, im
provements and lot 35x41 feet, northeast cor
ner of Taylor and Green streets, $5300; Thomas
McMahcn estate to Fannie Bonzey, Improve
ments and* lot 25:0Ux«0 feet, at $1017 Halght
street. 205 feet west of Broderick street, for
$4050; J. C. Xfcooee to George A. Deaenfant, Im
provements and lot, east line of Noe streetfl 230
feet south of Thirteenth street, 25x150. for
$8000; M. Fl*her to Mrs. F. Bauer, improve
ments and lot, 22:0x137:6, north line of Waller
street, 132:6 feet east of Scott street, for
$8000; Mrs. K. Schaefer to B. Williams, lot
and Improvements No. 1B29 Turk street, lot
30x137:6, for $4000; I. W. Coburn to P. J. Land,
Improvements Nos. 167-9-71 Noe street, and lot
25x105, for $10,250; McCullough to M. Lord,
undivided one-half interest in lot 25x100, south
east line Qf City Hall avenue, 150 feet north
east from City Hall square, for $4300: Mrs.
Priest to John and Maria Monti Verdi, im
provements, 13-13 >£ Geneva street, and lot 25x
100, for $24O0.
An examination of th« records show* that
the sales In the 50-vara section alone amounted
to nearly one-half of the totals Tor the entire
city for the month. The lareest sales closed
were those of the old Stock Exchange build
•tngr on Pino street, below Montgomery, for
$300,000 and the San Francisco New B Com
pany building on Geary street, west of Powell,
for $215,000. There are plenty of buyers for
Rood property in the best business portion of
the 50-vara section with very little for sale.
Tha 100-vara section. Mission, Potrero an<l
South San Francisco are nearly uji) to the
hifjh average of recent months, while many
people are predicting that real estate In San
Krar.cisco ha3 reached the limit cf high. price
In nearly every case ¦ it Is discovered that
these prophets are neither buyers nor sellers.
The best . property In San Kranclsco can to
day be sold for a higher price than ever be
fore. This does not mean that prices for the
best business property will not go higher, but
it does mean that buyers to-day will pay an
advance on apparently top prices for the best
business property.
Mrs. E. S. Kearns has sold to a client
of Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. a lot, 3S:6x60
feet, with improvements on the west line
of Stockton street, 39:6 feet south from
Bush street for $33,500.
SOME RECENT DEALS.
San Francisco realty sales in July
amounted to J3.8OO.50O, according to Magee
& Sons' Real Estate Circular. Large
transactions previously consummated but
not recorded until July served to swell
the total. In making an analysis of the
deals of July the Real Estate Circular
says :
Mary F. McGowan, who is being s'ued
for divorce by Phillip Edward McGo\fan,
filed an answer and cross-complaint to his
suit yesterday. She denies that Bho has
ever been cruel to him, as he charges,
and makes counter charges. She says he
drinks to excess, frequently beats and
abuses her, and has on many occasions
told her he wished she would die. Mrs.
McGowan charpes also that her husband
threatened to throw a lamp at her. and
once chased her with a carving knife.
Mary L. Delany is suing Joseph L. De
lany for divorce on the grounds of. intem
perance, neglect»and cruelty, alleging that
because of his excessive use of intoxicants
and by his conduct while under their in
fluence she has been compelled to leave
him. They were married at Oakland, Sep
tember 26, 1S9S. and have two children,
the custody of whom Mrs. Delany asks
for and monthly alimony.
Desertion is the ground on. which Alice
C. Hawkes is suing Charles E. Hawkea
for divorce. , She charges that he left her
in January, 1899, less than three years
after their marriage at Berkeley.
Ferdinand It. Ramon, who In April last
was divorced from Sadie L. Ramon, took
his troubles to court again yesterday In a
petition for a modification of the decree.
He claim* that it Is unsatisfactory, in that
it compels him to call upon his former
spouse when he desires the society of his
child, which was awarded to the custody
of Mrs. Ramon, and thus exposes him to
the pain of bejnr refused even a short
time with the little one. The decree pro
vides that .Ramon shall have the privi
lege of taking his child out twice a, week,
or as often as is reasonable. He has been
in the habit of sending hi3 mother to the
home | of his former wife for the child.
Several times, he says, -Mrs. Ramon has
refused to allow the little one to accom
pany its grandparent, and he says the
last time his mother called Mrs. Ramon
told v her it was useless for her to call,
she could not have the child.
Ramon therefore asks the court to so
modify the decree that Mrs. Ramon shall
be compelled to bring the little one to his
home every Sunday and every Wednesday
of each week.
August Opens Quietly, but
With Good Outlook for
Business.
Says Former Wife Fails to
Comply With Orders
' About Child.
Sales Reach Total That
Approaches Four \
Millions. \\.
Ferdinand Ll Ramon
Asks the Court to
Amend • Decree.
DIVORCE FAILS
T0 END TROUBLE
JULY'S REALTY
RECORD IS GOOD
THE SAIjrFBAI? CISCO 1 CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
26
AD V EKT1SEMENTS.
FALL WOOLENS ARRIVING DAILY.
200 dozen $1.25 and $1.50 Kid Gloves, Paris Point
back, gusseted fingers, all colors. and sizes.
J3 fik ff . CD
<=
BLANKETS AND I BLACK AND S
£ SILK COMFORTERS COLORED SILKS m
CO Our mill has fust sent us some 400 c m \ e agents for "Sterling" CO
, CC pairs fine Bteckets, to be closed out o.,. T „_.„.-- p.... j- c_j,«. _,.,_
' O l t 25 per cent reduction. U ™™' P « u * S^"' w " r -rj
° 50 pairs Infants' Blankets, 52-50 E^nteed. g
0 quality, at. $1.50 20 pieces Black Pekin Stripe, $1.50
i£ 1 25 Single Bed Blankets, $4.50 quali- quality, at 75c yard. ££
jl ty, at - 83.25 g
100 Extra $5.50 quality 8-1.25
1 7^r!".. X^L W ! Wth . $I 6i2?50 ! KIMONA SALE £
3 doren Biautiful Silk, Satin and At $2.25 each, 35 dozen, worth o
crepe Eiderdown Comforters, worth $4.00. Tj
$20 to $35 each, at liberal reduc- At 81.25 each, 50 dozen Long Crepe m
<X, tions. All perfect in every respect Kimonas. <
u. — { rn
— umiTr r»nr\r\o At $1.00 each, 50 dozen Japanese 30
DC WHITE GOODS • Cre F e Kimonas. -C
2 Exclusive importations for Brides- " _
maids. Evening Gown% Dinner — — — « ITI
CO Dresses, Infants' and Ladies' Ward- . .•»».€/>
*— robes. Finest French, English and <0 ° 6ozen Aprons on sale Monday o
Swiss productions. at 25c : worth 35c and 40c each. 30
CD II . . , "^
«x ;H
m m | t • o
COR. GRANT /WL £> ,5UTTEB5tt^'
FETAIL HOUSEHOLD
WHCLESAIE BU ¦ I ¦ m PROVIDERS
Separate Who esale Department Especially Devoted to Hotel, Institution and
Restaurant Supplies.
PARIS LINGERIE A SPECIALTY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY cures many cases which under the
older methods of treatment are incurable. Here is another testi-
monial from a sufferer who had been given up by his doctors :
"My doctors gave me up. They said they could do nothing
for me, as I had consumption. Their treatment did me no good. I
reduced in weight from 137 to 108 pounds. I coughed, ;ny blood
did not circulate, my feet and hands were cold arid I was so weak I
could do nothing.' In this condition I took up the Electro-Chemic
treatment.
"In eight days I have gained eight pounds. My blood is cir-
culating, my cough is better, the chest pains are leaving me, I can
eat well, my food agrees with me and iny strength is rapidly re-
turning." (Signed) ALBERT TALLEY,
765 Mission St., Waldo House.
Note— Mr. Talley was to have stopped at Nd. 482^ Tehama
st., but is now located at 765 Mission st. His home is in Stockton,
CONSULTATION M a % _
and' F^RFTFr
X-RAY EXAMINATION * A ¦ ¦
Specialties— Consumption, Catarrh, Bronchitis, Asthma,' Can-
cers, Tumors, Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Painful and Dis-
charging Ears, Rheumatism, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Piles, Diseases
of#the Stomach, Liver, Kidneys and Bowels, Special Diseases of
Men and Women, All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— We loan to outside patients, free
of charge, a complete Electro-Chemic Apparatus for home treat-
ment. It is best for th^ patient to pay one visit to the Institute for
a personal examination. Write a short description of principal
symptoms when a personal visit is impossible.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 Grant Ave.. Cor. Post St., San Francisco.
Ofllce Hours.' 9 a^.m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to & p. m. dally. Sundays. M a. tn. to 1 p. m.'
Separate Apartments for Lad ies and Gentlemen. -~
ApyKF-TTSTr 1 " 1 t *'- T TTSi.
bers Just received; >;;•' ; '1_' *— n_ wn do It free of
BSiSF-S-B fiPpAT QAI F OF SII KS Sfi"*5iS I
cents. If you want \J1\I M y_*iR ¦ -4 * V-T JL *JIL<1'>'*-' designs and a great U
| £&,£"-• " | 'Colored Taffeta and Louisine. I ""» "' lh "" I g
The sale opens to-morrow (Monday) morning at 8:30 a. m. If you want to get first choice that's the g
time you want to be here. We have given you many silk bargains, but this one out-does them all. 75c and H
85c silks for S7 cents a yard! Just think of it! In Taffeta we will offer the best known makes and a good tj
assortment of 'plain colors with plenty of white and cream; it's a regular 75c value. In Loulaine we mm *T H
will offer, a very superior quality in plain colors, with a comprehensive color assortment. Including £ {* y£-f gi
whjte and cream and changeable effects. This is a regular 83c value. During tha sale there w.n %s m ** J w " K
be but one price on both ".Mllllllllll—^^^^i^^^^^^^H
BLACK DRESS GOODS FOR MAKE THIS YOUR FANCY I READY-TO-WEAR GARMENTS 1
FALL. GOODS STORE. FOR FALL |
Main floor. Send for samples. Second Floor,, Main Floor. H
Black again dominates in the Get into the habit of coming Everything is new now. We ||
list of fabrics for Fall Gowns. As right to us for your fancy goods have had rushed through by ex- g
usual w6 are ready .with a com- and you will save many hours of press from. New York .a line of |g
plete line, introducing all the latest shopping and money, too. The as- sample suits — only one of a kind, 3y
weaves— Rough Bourettes, Zibe- sortment that we carry makes it but a splendid assortment of what k
lines, Tufted Cheviots, Pebble sure that you will find just what is to be the style this fall. You t
Etamincs, Crepe Mistrals and you want at the price you want to will enjoy looking them over and n
Novelty Crepellas, To open the pay. We are ready now with a getting familiar with the new |
season with a rush we are offer- new and complete line of cm- styles, weaves and colors. Prices r
ing the following Specials for this broidery silks, wool yarns, cords in $22.50, $25.00, $27.50, $30.00, $35.00 I
week: fringes, linen squares, cushion tops. and $40.00. \
Black Pebble Cheviot— An extra SPECIALS FOR THE WEEK. ZibeHne Suit $25.00— Worth $30.00; |
quality, every thread wool; Hand-made Battenberg Doylies, \ ,• cf •* J e '" L° n u vv I
width 52 inches; a rough weave circular and square linen cen- «belme m the new Loms XV |
well adapted for outing suits and ters, size 12x12; 60c v/i^ Style; bloi ? se 4 f r on 1 t znd , shoulder 1
separate skirts; a splendid value value for .... 40 C capes; plaited back and tnmmed 1
at 900 Sale price, per £ ? Tambour Center' ' Pieces, circular ™« h f . fan £ "S? I
yard OOC and square; size 18x18; <>£,. in the newest design, a spe- H
Black Mirror ZibeUne— All pure 40c value for v . 2&C cial value at.... $25 00m
wool; width 44 inches; the long Openwork, stamped and unstamp- _ •••!•• — •• ' -j£ Jll Zl f
camel's hair kind that will be so ; d linen tray cloths; /r/l^ Tweed Walking Suits , $23.50— |
stylish this fall;, guaranteed fast value for . Ol/C Worth $27.50; made m.the Jong |
black; a dollar and a half value New Violet "* Cushion Covers, J acket stvIe »" some with shoulder ¦
everywhere. Sale price, nc r stamped and tinted; top and- ca P e 5 s ° me , in ? orat £ u * Sicts > H
per yard 5rOL> back- <oc value for ir colors black and white, gray, B
Black Melton Cloth— All wool and .'..?..... '.'. OOC green, blue and v brown; a spe- jj
an extra heavy weight; no lin- --••-• *****""********* cial value at..., * QOO C/l fi
ing required; designed espe- _ 4 NEW ARRIVALS. $44.dU I
daily for man-tailored suits, Battenberg braids in silk and Cheviot Walking Skirts $3-75— B
capes, etc.; it is the twilled back linen. Worth $5.00. Made ' of good Ij
quality and will not crock; a . Battenberg patterns for collars quality cheviot, in blue and g
regular $1.50 grade. no in new designs with stole ends. g^y. f a ij fl ar( . t tailor-made
Sale price, per yard... "O<7 -.«-,*%,--- a,, „*> --r skirt ' 8P ecial while C? 7"C
Black Silk Gloss Alpaca-The PONGEE SILKS AT they last at VQ.tO
extra heavy iron frame* weave; ¦ rroo THAU) H/ll F ' BARGAINS IN WA16TS.
width 46 inches; a midnight fast * LCOO I Ul\\\ IlrtLr Pongee. Peau de Soie and
black; all pure wool and mo- 1000 yards too many— changeable Taffeta Watsta; broken
hair; also comes tn navy, new hence this opportunity. They assor Wnt of sizes and colors;
blue, garnet, brown and steel are the heavy corded stripe soJd regular f or $ 5 00 <r»o vr
gray; the English make that Pongees that have been so pop- an( j tg^,. nO w %pJ«»tu
sells at 85c a yard. ; jq ular this season Sold all along White n Waists" front made
Sale P rice for 60c a yard, but they go on up of six st rf p& o{ i nscrt ion al-
NOTE-We sponge and shrink salc to-morrow at ternating with tacks; tucked back;
by our new electrical process free 25C cl Ydfrf deep pouch sleeves; sold regu-
of charge all dress goods pur- Main Floor * lar * or $ 2 - 2 5» now C/ 5/)
chased in our store. L.,,,,^^ mmmmm ammm^ tmm^ mmmmmmmmmm^ m j ....;•-.; H>**mJ
0 : - V - Tr5 PI Without exception we carry the largest and t
P l^ P^i^ V * JlW r IS best selected patterns of carpets in the city. Our \
tH I * ntL % immense display of choice selections is a revela-
i > %^J* \\ I If on t0 t^ 10Se see k* n & the l atest * n fl° or cover-
t > " JrW I i n £ s - We carry everything in the Carpet line,
1 \§f 5i r7^^> 1 Mtt «« from Axminsfrers to Ingrains, at prices that are
|;!J| L -)S£ || u § i H 25 per cent lower than elsewhere, as we are the
: : J| .S s ft^^^.\,^\ \ f^5N H only furniture house in the city that own our
( || Vf k" f v \ • * ' - ~i 1 lH building, pay no rent and give you the benefit W
I 1 LARGEST STOCK. LOWEST PRICES. {
I fS§l5p|lp '.^jggjf CASH 0R LITTLE AT A TIME
rX^jTII The J. Noonan;
P^BM Furniture Co.
te^^^^^^^P 1017-1023 Mission St.
At)0Ve Sixth Street Near New PostofflceIt was a grave reflection on the courts of
this country that such a thing could occur
in tht middle of London. Thimble-rigging on
a race course Is a simple crime compared with
the transactions of these people with millions
Instead of peas.
dum mine of Canada. Hooley'a financial
career and the heavy failures were the
sensations of f London a few years back.
.The bankrupt has since been operating
in his wife's name and has been living
in the greatest, luxury. In the course of
the hearing on Thursday of a suit to
recover money paid in connection with
the deals Justice - Darling characterised
the whola transaction by Hooley and "his
colleagues as fraudulent, and declared: -
:hroughout California, for some tlm« show* no
ibatement. since without a single exception
he counties report ttmes as prosperous. Th>
reason given generally is because of fairly
rood crops, good prices and plenty of work at
•air wages.
wheat according to quality and distance from
market. These prices are a material advance
over the prevailing prices for several years.
The fruit crop In the aggregate in California
will be a full average, though falling a little
short perhaps of-the big crop of last year. The
quality is better than an Average and with
very few exceptions the prices realized are
better than the prices of last year.
Prices on . dried fruit have not been fixed,
with tho exception of apricots, which, accord
ing to quality and locality, are bringing from
8 cents to "U cents.
From all parts of the State the grape crop
is reported as being very good. From Fresno,
the great raisin center, our report Is that the
grape crop is better than it haa been for a
number of years. The wine counties send
equally favorable reports, all indicating a big
wine crop and big raisin crop for California,
this present year.
The hop crop is reported as promising a
good yield.
The general prosperity which has prevailed
LONDON. Aug. 8.— Attorney General
Finlay has instructed the Director. o{
Public Prosecutions to' investigate .the
transactions of Promoter E. TV Hooley
In connection with the Sapphire; Corun-
London Promoter's Transactions Are
Called to the Attention of
Public Prosecutor.
HOOL^Y'S OPERATIONS
' WILL BE INVESTIGATED
Inventors! M. P. Schell, model maker. 520
Mission street. Experimental machinery and
novelties of all kinds. Modem shop. •
LONDON, Aug. r.— No. hitch will occur
in tho enactment of the Irish land bill
in consequence of amendments made in
the House of Lords. John Redmond, the
Irish leader, said to-day:
The Lords' amendments ar« of no impor
tance. An agreement has been reached with
the Government by which any amendments to
which objection may be mad» will b* stricken
out when the bill returns to the House of Com.
mons. The Lords' amendments ar« therefore
of no practical consequence. I have not al
tered my position, which is already known,
with respect to the advantages and disadvant
ages of tho bill from the Irish point of view.
John Bedmond Declares the Lords'
Amendments Are of No Prac
tical Consequence.
NO HITCH WILL BOTHEB
THE IRISH LAND BILL
David Keith, the principal owner of the
Silver King mine of Park City, Utah, and
the owner of several other large mining
Interests in the West, is at the Palace.
George Mitchell of Lob Angeles, owner
of the richest copper properties in Alas
ka, accompanied by his chief engineer,
W. S. Gage, and Arthur A. Brownlee, a
mining expert, arrived from the south
yesterday. The* party Is registered at the
Palace.
John H. Mallett of the Sierra Club, ac
companied by his sons, has returned from
a month's outing at Kern Canyon and
Mount Whitney.
John J. Daly, the millionaire mining
man of Salt Lake, arrived in the city yes
terday and Is stopping: at the Palace.
Houghion Murray, a mining man of Cis
co, is at the Palace.
Dr. Joseph Andrews of Santa Barbara
la a guest at the Palace.
J. C. Adama of the Adams Hotel of
Phoenix and wife are registered at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
BERLIN, Aug. 8.— A dispatch from St.
Petersburg to the Cologne Gazette says,
according to Chinese reports, great ex
citement prevails in Thibet on account of
a 6ecret treaty which has been concluded
by Russia with the Dala Lama, The Chin
ese Minister Plenipotentiary in Thibet has
been recalled.
Thibet Dealing With Bussla.
Dr. Douglas A. Hare, dentist has re
moved to 1S02 Market street, corner Van
Ness avenue. •
VALLEJO. Aug. 8.— Medical Inspector
Manly II. Simons, who is In charge of the
naval hospital at Mare Island, has re
ceived notification of his promotion to
the grade of medical director. The medi
cal department at Mare Island Is about
to be placed in charge of a fully equipped
contagious disease hospital, which has
cost about 560,000. The number of pa
tients at the general hospital will average
149 a month, the Asiatic and Philippine
stations contributing most of the inva
lids.
Mare Island to Have New Hospital.
It was reported that on the night of
the celebration two specials on the broad
gauge will leave for this city, one at 10
o'clock and the other at midnitht, and
that a narrow eauge train will I*av« for
Oakland and Alameda at 11 o'clock. Ex
cursionists from San Francisco will have
an opportunity to leave on the 5 o'clock
train on September 8 to accommodate
those who do not care to go by the 9
o'clock special.
Marshal Parlor, it was reported, will
parade in San Jose with Genevieve Parlor
of the Native Daughters and Army and
Navy Parlor will parade in new uniforms,.
The programme as outlined at this time
Is that on the evening of September 8
there will be a concert in St. James
Square and delegations named for the
purpose from the San Jose parlors will
escort the visiting parlors from the trains
to their respective headquarters. A grand
parade on the forenoon of Admission day
will be followed with literary exercises
in St. James Park and an op«n air con
cert and dancing In the various headquar
ters and halls.
At the meeting of the Joint 9th of Sep
tember celebration committee of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West last even
ing. Chairman O. L. Blacknum presiding,
Camp Relnhold Richter, Veterans of the
Spanish-American War, was invited to
participate in the celebration of Admis
sion day in San Jose September 9.
Secretary Boldemann read a communi
cation from the celebration committee of
the San Jose parlors, of which Edward
Haley Is president. James J. Tormey sec
retary and A. Barker treasurer. In this
It was announced that the committee Is
composed of the following named: From
San Jose Parlor— Edward Haley. O. D.
Stem. G. H. Cottle, M. M. Prola and T.
K. Lahan: from Palo Alto Parlor— James
J. Tormey. A. H. Barker, G. P. Hull,
>.'. D. Geach and William Carmichael;
Observatory Parlor— F. Schumacher, F.
Fchemmel, T. D. Carroll. A. Uingford
and Fred Doerr.
The general committee has appointed
the following sub-committees:
Halls, headquarter* and accommodations— J.
J. Tormey. Fred Doerr and G. B. Cottle.
Parade — O. D. Stern. "William Carmichael
and Dr. Frederick Schumacher.
Entertainment — T. B. IJ^^ap, William
Geaeh and Arthur Lanfrford.
Finance — T. E. Carroll, M. M. Prola, and O.
P. Ball.
Decorations^ — SYed Doerr, A. Barker and Ed
ward Haley.
Press — Roy Hl 'Walter. Robert I* Dunlap
and Robert Oonnollj\
Programme Is/ Outlined by
Three Parlors of the
Garden City.
Natives Will Observe
Admission Day in
San Jose.
P. F. Butler, accompanied by his two
daughters, Misses Genevieve and Alice,
will leave on Thursday for Honolulu, Ja
pan and China on an- extended pleasure
trip.
F. A. Greenwood went up to Bohemian
Grove on Monday last and has had a
merry week at the jinks.
The Misses Bender were hostesses at a
large tea on Thursday at their home on
Green street, in honor of Mrs. C. B.
Cooper and Miss Eleanor Davenport, who
is about to visit Honolulu and China. Mr*.
Cooper is the only daughter of Dr. ami
Mrs. McGrew, who recently visited San
Francisco.
Charlie Field has been at his camp
near the Bohemian Club grounds for
some days and has been entertaining a
number of friends.
Dr. Sumner Hardy and Dr. - William
Moore left Wednesday for Moore's ranch,
near Healdsburg.
The William Taylors and Frederick Mc-
Nears are at Tahoe Tavern.
The C. M. Manns are in Switzerland
• •'u • --; •
Miss Ida Callaghan and Miss Florence
Callaghan left for Bartlett Springs Sat
urday. '
Dr. A. J. Hlnlker and Dr. C. H. Knowles
have returned from Tahoe.
The Frank Deerlngs gave a dinner in
honor of General and Mrs. (<). F. Long
August 3 at their home, 2709 Larldn street.
Guests were the Rev. and Mrs. William
Carson Shaw, Miss Florence Hush and
Burbank Bomers.
Maude Payne, the daughter of Mrs. J.
Eugene Freeman, who leaves for Europe
In the fall, makes her debut next year.
• • e
Mrs. Bailey and Florence sBalley leave
for the East next week. They have Just
returned from a visit to William P. Ful
lers at Ban Mateo.
• "••".• •
Mabel Toy and her brother, Harvey
Toy. left for the East Thursday.
The Walter Deanes are still at San Ra
faH.
Miss Llla. Falrchild of Los Angeles Is at
the Hotel Pleasanton for one month.
Miss Croudace will give a tea this after
noon in honor of Miss Bertha Hall of Los
Angelea.
Mrs. Sam Buckbes has engaged a pro
fessional chauffeur for her automobile, as
she likes to spend nearly all of her time
In the machine, and as Mr. Buckbee has
business Interests to consider he cannot
always Join the party.
• '¦'•." • -. ¦ •
Mr. and Mrs. de Young, Miss Helen d«
Young and Charlie de Young are at Del
Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. FTank Powers are spend
ing considerable time this 'summer at
Carmel-by-the-Sea. near Monterey, where
Mr. Powers 1b Interested In the erection
of a new hotel. Miss Wells was recently
their guest for a few days.
Mrs. George Wells and Mies Marie
Wells spent last Sunday at Del Monte.
• e e
Miss Emily Wilson returned to the city
on Monday, after spending a few days at
Del Monte, chaperoned by her aunt, Mrs.
Mountford Wilson.
Mia» Grace I* Lewitt, the daughter of
Dr. and Mrs. "W. B. Lewitt, and Edmund
L. Allison were quietly united In marriage
last night at the home of the bride's par
ents. BOO Van Ness avenue. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. George C. Adams
of the First Congregational Church in the
presence of a large gathering of the
friends and relatives of the happy couple.
Miss Jessie Lewitt, a cousin of the bride,
acted as bridesmaid, and the best man
was Albert Westgate. a close friend of
the groom. Both the young people are
well known in this city and. hav© a' host
of/ friends, who will wish them success.
Alter a short honeymoon. Mr. and Mrs.
Allison will return to this city, where
they will make their future home.
MAKING READY
TO CELEBRATE
BRIDE'S HOME
THE SCENE OF A
QUIET WEDDING
The State 'Board of Trade has received
from Manager Filcher a report concern
ing the crops and Industrial conditions in
California during the month of July.
Some extracts are as follows:
The grain crop, now almost completely har
vested, will aggregate materially less than an
average. Excepting In ' th« irrigated districts
In the San Joaquln Valley, the crop . 1* not
much more than one-half of an average ._ while
In the Sacramento Valley, where a fair yield
was expected earlier In the season, considerable
damage resulted frqm a high north wind,
which whipped out from 15 to 20 per cent of
the unharvestsd wheat. The southern counties
report an exceptionally good grain crop. Letter
than for a number of years, but throughout
the great grain regions of the Sacramento and
Ban Joaquin valleys reports specify from one
half to three-quarters of an average crop.
The hay crop, which wa* harvested In June,
and referred to in our last ¦ report as being
excellent In quality, but rather below tha av
erage in quantity, Is selling at very satisfac
tory prices, tha lowest reported for alfalfa be
ing |7 a ton, while the grain hays range In
price according to locality and quality from
$10 to S15 a ton, the latter price prevailing In
the foothill counties where the crop was very
light. The mountain hay crop, consisting
mostly, of meadow grasses in the higher moun
tain valleys and which was harvested during
the month of July, has turned out well and is
bringing satisfactory; prices. .While, as pre
viously stated, the crop on the. whole is short,
the amount realUed to the growers, by reason
of .better prices, will be greater , than an aver
age.- - -¦ •• -•,¦¦¦¦¦.¦- ¦• ¦ .•
;:The prices of wheat and barley are very sat
isfactory,-the farmers realising from $1 10 to
$1 S3 for barley and from SI 30 to $1 to for
Board of Trade Receives
News From Various
Sections.
REPORTS STATE
PROSPERING
THE SAN FBANC1 SCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
27
- - PBAGEBS ' ¦'. •' " .- '?-Xi_i. PBAGEBS f PKAGEES. j PBAOTTRS
Good Money— Saving Bargains ia Advance Fall Goods.
Fall Line of Shoes. We ogars fewest Fall Styles in
Complete lines of shoes for Fall Give SBLJBt ) — Clothine for BOVS.
and Winter wear are now in stock. G r e en Jk&J^^4&&^&k<&L&L4&/ ce wwvimi 5 iu» «v;o.
They are the best, medium priced TvLiLr Is* 1^ W^^is WlFHWf May In the assortment, of boys' fur-
shoes in ths market,, iraaing f® £:Wi^M Br t« Jt rElb 9for nlshingsand clothing that we are
» . -„ ,,r , - n Stamps WfWP* far *&' £6ffir 2 5c offering wiU be found the most,
J?l.\.,0-\\ omens Patent Leath- with M^ *r-\T^rj&^r f* %T — correct, and up-to-date Ideas.
W I ALWaV^RELIABLE SoS? suits.
"gSr^r^Vici Kid ox. ¦ I MARKET ST^Hl 25c | J^^lX^t% T^
fords; whole foxed, dull kid tops. ., - .- • - - ment is worth double the amount
patent tips, hand-turned soles and I i. Long Pants Suit3 of
full military heels; all sizes and ITaII RafflTaifl Qin*«Vt«1CAe ! » cvv t " a!1 patterns: ages 12 to 19
widths. ran oargain ourpriscs* yea r5; worth $7.00.
Le!u;fr°iuHon drC S^e S in \A/ E W. W^^^^ * °<^™ p^^^SeSSs^S^
cloth ud dull matt tops and hand- V V wlU Wlthout <loubt be the sensation among shoppers of this coats are single or double breasted;
turned soles; sizes 5 to 8. c ' l y- We have never hesitated to give wonderfully good val- extra good quality; aged 12 to 19
$ 1.50— Little Gents' Box Calf ucs « and thc t lines that will be chosen for specials will mean such a >' cars - Thcse suits should sell for
and Vici Kid Shoes; solid through- phenomenally big saving, to you that j-ou will grasp immediately the «O.OO— Long Pants Serge
Bo t v< <Sl Kc S 8 ii t( to l 2^*1.^ ne a d" opportunity to supply your needs. We can offer these great in- Suits; single and double breasted
Youths', sizes 2 x /i to 6 92 ' ducements because we have been fortunate in buying goods most ad- coats; ages 12 to 19 years; all the
fa:6O— Women's Chocolate vantageously. We have had buyers in the East since the first of the newest fall styles; worth $12.00.
Color Vici Kid Oxfords: hand- year, and they have watched the markets very closely to secure dos^out^zlCow Wash* Suit? a^
turned solcj and French heels; all stocks before regular season prices were made on them, thus placing i i lcsc j ow p r j ccs . They arc worth
sizes and widths. us in an enviable position to in turn please our customers. . 75c and $1.00.
Home Furnishings in the I I Magnificent Stock of Ribbons
Choicest Fall Styles. and Fancy Goods.
soiu5?£l£!£w<£ g?£H*t %"l "'""-' ' I 1 ) 11 « misfc of «rtW" •»-• Th!s «q>oHn,ent. h M without «ny doubt, th. best Mleeled .lock oj
£2$£S?K&5S£t2&S5« JESS'S!: tSTX «^ -« «• ** «**• We „ <^«Mi .very doy by hundred, of
lected for to-rnor/ow's business w.ll be no exception to the rule. pleased customers who have made their purchases in this department..
SHEETS. RIBBONS'.
49«?— 54 bv 00. 54c— 63 bv 00. fiOe— 72 by 90. 64c— 81 by 90. 1Ot - a yard— 1500 yards of all Pure Silk Taffeta and Fancy Striped
PILLOWCASES. Ribbons. 3'.i to 5 inches wide, in almosj. any shade; just the thing for the
8 l-3c — 600 Pillow Case* 4s bv 16 * neck and fancy work: will wash well; a 3Qc value.
TOWELS 15c a yard— 2000 yards of the best quality All Silk Ribbon in Dres-
10c each-Large Size Heavy HuckTowel. 20 bv 40- worth $1 50 £' n and taffeta ' 2 \* inc1 ?^ wi ? e; P , rC " y design3 a " d coIorinRS: this "*>"
a dozen '? ' * V'OTin bon , s wovcn> not printed; 35c values.
2r,o «rh itnHf,.., u... nwi.i. jjntf , 1{)c a vard— 1000 vards of Pure Silk Stripe Liberty Taffeta Ribbon,
3 worth w Double-threaded Bath Towels. 26 by j inchcs wid ,. comcs in whit< .. blue; pink and J rcam; makcs a soft , dainty
TABLE LINEN neck and sash ribbon; a regular 40c value.
25c a yard— Heavy. Strong, Serviceable Table Damask. 60 inches <- rt j » , ,, VEILS - . _.._ .. . _ .
wide. '*-"." 15c to 50c a yard — A full assortment of Chiffon. Mesh. Tuxedo
48c — Bleach Damask- regular 65c value • an( * Crepes in plain, dotted and fancy; all the latest and swellest Paris
«0c-Bleach Damask: regular 75c value'. and New York designs and colorings. "V-
00c— Bleach Damask: regular 85c value ** Oc t0 *M«'* 8 each— Drape \ cils of all styles and colors, iji to 2
75c— Bleach Damask: regular $1.00 value. vards lon 8-
«8c— Bleach Damask; regular $1^5 value. CLOVES.
COMFORTERS. 05c a pair— 1000 dozen pairs of Pique. Overseam and Suede Kid
100 dozen Silkoline Covered Comforters, filled with mire white sani Gloves; two clasps, self and embroidery stitching: all the newestshade3;
tary cotton. every pair fitted and jiuaranteedr regular $1.25 values.
S5c— Regular $1.00 value. 91. 5O— Regular $1 85 value ' $1.25 a pair— The "Cupid" Glove: a real French kid; two clasp.
9 1. OO— Regular $1.25 vahie Regular <2 w value Faris Point embroiderv and in all shades; guaranteed and perfect cut
$2.50— Regular $3.00 value. •': '" ' a "d fit J a ™%uter $1.50 value./
Autumn Silks and 1 1 Women's New Suits, I I Showing the Newest
«. 2XX25ffr~, ~ a-sSH* 1 ?? 1 '?^ a FallTrimmings.
ful to securely the newest and most - f^ O^lS^^^ a^^f l L^S^^ that we ar! able to offer for to-morrow
fashionable colorings and weaves. *i?n S Parisian and Eastern de- the result of considerable 8hrC wd and ad-
SILKS. , V SUITS. vantageous buying.
- 85c a yard— P<au de Soie, 20 inches $14.05, $J0.75, 922.50 and $uo.75— TRIMMINGS.
wide. • Pleated coats with yoke effects, Louis XIV styles, S5c to $0.00 a yard— Point Venice All-
85c and 9'»OO a yard — Crepe de Chine, Of all new materials and colors. 25-inch coats, over Laces, 18 inches wide; come in white,
*f-i? c J& $ wide - : i '- : ':'-' S }* n Z\h> '"* blacks and tans. co» 3 ct coat suits, cream, butter and Arabian shades; all the lat-
$1.OO a 3'ard — Peau de Crepe, 24 inches fi lengths and walking and dress suits. Coats cst effects in this line of laces.
W «t'ftA a m- • u -a are all satin lined v «5c to ?3.5O_Ncw effects fc black, white
51 a yard-Minerv-a 20 inches wide. - - - COATS. and colored fiber band Galoons and Edgings,
7oc and IM.OO-Black Silk Moire, still 912.45 — A new coat with pleated 1 to 7Y2 inches wide,
a favorite in silks. \ back* and front* 25 to 27 inches long. Yoke 5c to 25c a vard— Narrow fiber Braid*
4.3c a yard-"Inv,nc,ble" Taffeta This effect. They come in three shades of tan and J^V « to 5 of an inch wide in all the
is so popular for lining that we find it dif- brown and black. and .Danas./g to ¥a 01 an men wme, in ailtne
ficult to keep a complete range of .shades COR-SET COATS newest snaaes. Vy
in stock. It is 19 inches wide. Black' and Of genuine English covert cloih. tailor made. . to f 3 * 00 a yard-Black Point Vcn-
colors. . 18-gore strap scam. Satin lined throughout. 1CC A »- ovcr cc > ncw and beautiful designs.
BLACK DRESS GOODS. 20-inch at 910.75. 25-inch at $l«.5O. ~ - - LACES.
50c— 54-inch Skirting; very heavy and. 27-inch at 917.50. 24-inch at #13.95. « 1 -3c a vard— Torchon and Cluny Edgings
worth double. ;.- DRESS SKHLTS. and Insertions: regular 8 1 -3c and 10c value3.
O8c_5o-inch black Thibet. Worth $1.50 94-O5_Stylish dress skirts of blue and black Be a yard— Point de Paris and Normandy
a y ar "- -. ¦ . V . " s Cheviots. Broadcloths, Alpacas and Serges. Valenciennes Edgings and Insertions, 2 to 3
91.00— 50-inch Etamine. An exceptional Many different styles. Regular $8Ux> garment. inches wide; worth 8 1-3C and 15c a yard.
va i u i e 'o* /: • t, vu r a 11 ?0-»S— Taffeta Silk, Broadcloth. Cheviot and Oc a yard-Black Chantilly Lace Edging
* 1 Vfr~So »nch Zibeline. An excellent Alpaca Skirts; 25 different styles. Prettily trim- and Galoons. 2 to VA inches wide; worth 25c
material. , v mcd. Worth $12.00. ( and 35c regularly. '
August* Specials in Women's Onderwear. ~ Furnishings for Men.
w- /%ff»,. ; n f^i. j.«,^m BB » ,/.„,,• V _ n . Absolutely the newest, wear for men obtainable in the Eastern end
We offer in this department o few lines of advance Fall undtrgar- Iocal markets / The price$ are the lowest> of any store in the dty. The
ments for women. The garments are particularly appropriate for the selection b unusually large.
season and wherever new styles and changes have been made they "will SOX.
be found in this stock. Many fine values are among this list,. 7c a pair— Seamless Sox in tan, black and tan mixed; fast colors;
JJOc— Made of muslin, cut very wide; deep flounce of tucked lawn 5c each. 6 for 25c— Colored-border Handkerchiefs; hemstitched:
trimmed with embroidery. This js an excellent value verv large size; a large assortment to select from; all fast colors.
o C '« it ? a *, ¦ A t • i 7 „ , , , 12^c_Silk Band Bows* Shield Bows and Shield Teck Ties; new-
38e_Extra fine Mercerized Lisle Thread Vests; lace yokes and est styles in neat effects.
shoulder straps, run with silk tape; worth 50c and 65c. ;';, 25c— New Four-in-Hands. Imperials and Tecks.These are our reg-
CORSETS. ular 50c goods.
50c— Made of fine Batiste throughout; 10-inch steel and well boned; , ,, , _.„' GARTERS.
white, pink and blue. *'* c each— Men s Silk Garters; new elastic and well made: regular
91.OO and upwards— We are showing a complete line of the latest -$ C Kl nd - . • , SUSPENDERS,
models on the market. Guarantee to fit any, figure. <J»c— Suspenders with leather and silk ends; all new goods: sold
1 regularly at 50c. . • '
Instructions for Framing
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in three-inch, plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold.
I ADVEETISEMENTS.
I-
BLOOD POISON
Inherited or Contracted,
Primary or Secondary,
Permanently Cured.
There It no human disease, hereditary
or contracted, that requires more heroic
treatment than Speciflo or Contarious poi-
Bon In the blood. Hot Spring Baths, Spe-
cific Remedies, Potash. Mercury and other
Poisonous mixtures may either boll out or
drive In the external symptoms for a time,
but they do not eradicate the merciless,
killings all-consuming taint any more than
the fabled fountain "f Ponce de Leon pro-
duced perpetual youth.
My treatment for Syphilitic Blood Pol-
son contains - no dangerous drugs or In-
jurious medicines. It has been thoroughly
teeted in the most severe cares, and hat)
never failed ts exterminate the germ of
disease *o that a sign never reappears. It
completely reorganise* the blood cor-
puscles, ellrr.lnatea the infectious matter
and forces out every particle of impurity.
The blood, the tissue, the nerve*, the
benes and the whole system are cleansed.
purined and restored to perfect health,
and the patient prepared anew for the du-
ties and pleasures cf life.
I ALSO CURE
to Bt Manhood, ZTerVona Debility,
¦Wasting 1 Drains, Unnatural Weak-
cess, Stricture, Varicocele, Eydrocele,
Contracted Ailments, Gleet, Pile*,
Euptare, Disease* of Kidneya, Blad-
der, etc
-— s^E»w TERMS
A BEASOWABJiE.
/ Vm HO2TEST
/ ' yj«& TUEATMENT.
L^ i^i3 QUICK AND
V£i "T^h #Sf PEEMANEUT
K£4 @Sa $W CUBES.
I i^o Wj M you cannot
lmfa'\ Ly cal1 write for
if quf^tion Hat and
Bara^ r / free book do-
Aj$~ cun'- ng m * spe "
f*^ 7\""**^ f\ Correspondence
I ?/I / . confidential.
I *n /• Consultation
1 * CI ' and advice free.
C.K.Holsman,M.D.
~ 739 Market Street. Top Floor.
Hours— 'J to 8 dally; 9 to 12 Sunday*.
Ai>A2inlAC C sTa "a**". «*»'o*. ««
occanics.s.to.
B. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Aug. 15. 11 a. m.
S. 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Aug. jr.. II a.m
8. 6. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Aug. 27, 2 p. m.
U.JP« r .l[lJiEI!S.C0.,Agtj..FrtttfiJfSE,643EzrUI8
• FnlettBain.t» EtrbtlL.Piu-Ii. 7.ricBk(L
CdKPAGNIE GEKERALE TRAN8ATLANTIQCi
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. t*-»^*
bailing- every Thursday, Ipitead of »«fEf»3?«
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, 3wH»
North Kiver. foot of Morton street. • -
First-class ta Havre, $70 and upward. See-
cnd-clasa to Havre. $i5 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO. Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Frsncisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Aceats.
ADVEBTISEMEirra
is her nature to love
aSlvfMiSi UCvl %A LI JL lii A W \i
.pure. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought o^it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. Thi»
great and
of women through ¦»¦»««
the trying crisis .without suffering. aflF**—^ ff_gma_ B
Send for free book containing: Information §333 BOfffflTB B^TIS sbbtHbT
Of priceless ralce to all expectant mothers. Jw J|r £g &Tmr Bt Km H JS
The Bradfield Roflilatar Co^ Atlaalt. fit. m m B * •»
.a.DVilKTlSEM.J^a'l'S.
Ib.katschinski I
I] Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
f| 10 third Street, san francisco. |
Ik* A.d]o!al&r Call BulKUng-. jh
fc^^^HU 1 ¦" 1 liJoyA. IJ 1 1 U U a
!| OXFORDS SOLD FOR $1.00
WORTH FROM $2.50 TO $4
|j We have started to c\enn house.
II and vou know what that means. :
1 To make a clean sweep of all our
] ehort and broken lines, ehoes first
f& 'class In every way sold gTeatly be-
ll low coet. So«cial sale of Ladies' «
it Oxford Ties for this week. So coin© ||
II early Monday morning and 6ecure ||
H a bargain. Indies' patent leather I
j and vlci kid Oxford Ties, with cJoth K
H or kid tor", military and French a
h • heels coin toes and tips and hand- E
tl turned eoles. SACRIFICED AT E
y '^1 tK> A PAIR, Sold regular from |
1 J2.5y to H.COL Sites: fc
ii AA wide. 4 to ~\i- C wide. 4 to 9. £
K A wide. S4 108. D wide. 6^4 to 9. P
I j B wide, 3 to 8. E wia*. 5 to 8.
I JUST TO CLEAR THEM OUT 1
i PATENT LEATHER SHOES
WITH FREJ4CH HEELS, SI.85
THE MANUFACTURER'S MIS-
TAKE IS YOUR GAIN. We are
juft in receipt cf a big shipment
cf ladies' pa'^nt leather lace shoea,
wxth mat kid tops, c^ln toes and
tips pliable soles and French heels.
The" heels were not made the exact
height we ordered and the majiu- a
lactiirer rnad« us a big allowance U
! to keea them. So here Is your H
1 chance. T.'B HAVE REDUCED H
THEM TO J51.S5 A PAIR, Sizes K
l\i to 7-*; widths A to E. H
MEN'S SHOES ONLY 75c I
f CHEAPER THAN TO HAVE i
I OLD SHOES REPAIRED. Men's §§
f.l congre-ss and lace ehoes. odds and H
|-| tnds bunched tog-ether, wortTI from fj
|l J2.M to $4.00. REDUCED TO 7of H
II A PAIR. Small sizes from 6 te S H
| on A and B widths. I^ar^e sizes H
y from Hi to 11 on D. E and £G |
g widths. H
H M
ii We don't guarantee to ill coun- li
|| try orders on sale shoes. M
BB. KATSCHINSKI |
ij Phikdelphia Shoe Co. j
!| 10 THTUP ST., S&n rraxcisco. 4
_J OCEAJT TBAVEI..
eEteamcrs leave Uaa Kraa-
cic— j *uj follows:
For Ketchlkan. Jnneau.
Ekapway. «tc. Alaskji— 11 «. >
tn., August 4. 8. It. 19, 2*. J
29. Sept. 3. Chance to com- j
; ur.y's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, '
Port TcwnBend. Seattle. Ta- ,
coma. Everett. TlTittconi — 11 •
• a. ir. . Aurust 4. I'. 14. 10, 24. St. Kept. 3. i
Change at Seattle to this company'^ eteamers ,
lor Alaska and G. N\ Ky. ; at Seattle for Ta- j
cotna to N. P. Fy. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry |
Tor Eureka (Huxnbollt Ear) — Poaona, 1:30 i
p. ia., Ausu*t 2, B. 14, 20. 2ti, Sept. I; Coron*.
1:80 p. m.. Aururt S. 11. 17, 23, 29. Sept. 4.
For Lo« Anetle* (via Port Los Ar.ji>» and
Hedondo), $an Dleeo and Eacta lisxbara i
Car.ta. Rosa. Hundays. » a. ra.
Hate of Cailforala. Thur^iayi. » a. m.
For Los .Anseles (via £an Pedro and East :
i Pin P«dro). 8anta Barbara. Santa Crus. Men- I
terey, 6an eirnecn, Cayuccs. P.Tt Harford !
(San l*:ls Otispo), Ventura and lia. cerr.e.
Coo« B«y. 8 a. cl. Aut-utt 5. 13, 21, 23, i
Sept. «.
Raiaeoa. 9 a. tn.. Aurust 1, 9. 17. 23. Sept. 2. !
Per i:r.i»r«ca. Uacdalena Bay. fan Jr.se del :
< afco. Ma£atl8n. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
ulia, Gua}-nms (Mex). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
»nonth.
For further Information obtain folder.
. R-rtt Is reserved to change steamers or tall-
ies dates.
TICKET OFFICES — I New Uontgom-
• O etr«et (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Hr<ja<Jway wharf.
•Freight office. 10 Market «treet-
C D. DCNAKN. General Passenrvf Affect.
10 Market et.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
••Colunib'a" «*11» Aur. 1. IL tU 81. "Oeors*
W. Elder" ealls July 27. Aug. 6. 28. Only
ctearcch!p line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
r«!I line from Portland f all polnu Eaat.
Tbrous-li tickets'to all points, all rail or steam.
»hlp and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
ticket* Include berth asd meal*. 6teajBer sails
foot cf Epeer it tt li lu tn. C F. BOOTH.
Gen. Art. Paw. Dept.. 1 Montromery rt. : a
CLIFFORD. Gea. A*t. Vtt. ! SPU. 3 Moatrom-
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,;
(ORIENTAL ETEAMBHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner F1r«t and
Erannan etreets. at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hioro).
N&eafakl and .Shanghai, and connecting at
Jlongkont: with steamer* for India, etc. Ho
tarco received on beard on day of tailing.
6. a AMERICA MARU
Wedaesdar. Auru«t 26, 1803
H B HONGKONG MARU «callinr at Ma-
nila) Saturday September 18. 1803
e s. kippon maru :;•'•.««-
Thursday. October 15. 1803
0 Via Honolulu. Round-trip ticket* at reduced
rates. For freirht and paesage. apply at Com-
racy 1 * office. 421 Market «treet. earner Flr*t-
W. H. AVERT. Qeneral Acent.
VTnr* laland and Vallejo Steamerf.
Rteamer OEN. FR1EB1E or MONT1CELLO—
»:ii ¦ . m.. t.16 end 8:30 p. ra-. except Bund";.
Kundar 8:« a. in.. 6:80 p. m. Le*w V* 1 , 1^^
7 e. ».: 12:30 coon. 6 p. ra.. ex. Sunday, tun*
day. 7 a, m.. 4:15 p. m. Far*. M cent*- *«•:
. Win IMS. Pl«r 2. MlMioa-tt. Cock. HATCU
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
Great Sacrifice
AUCTION
•OF RARE
PERSIAN
RUGS
WILL BE CONTINTJPD
ALL WEEK
Dally, at 2;3O p. jn.
As ray departure approaches nearer
tha aale ' will be • more animated by
greater sacrifice in rare antiques. All
are cordially invited.
MIHR AIM'SThere are fully 500,000 locomotives In
this country. The Pennsylvania road
builds 100 locomotives a year. There ara
probably 200.000 passenger, baggage, ex
press, parlor, sleepers and mall cars. The
cost of a standard freight car is 5730 with
wooden underwork, and $1000 for steel un
derframe. The standard car is thirty-six
feet long, eight by eight and a half insld*
measure. The capacity is from 60.000 to
100,000 pounds. The life is from ten to
twelve years. The cost of a standard loco
motive is $10,000 to $12,000. weight on
wheels 170,000 pounds, tank capacity 60CO
gallons and coal bin ten to twenty tons*
capacity.— Indianapolis News.
Vast Array of Locomotives.
A most attractive service for men onljr
will be held in th© auditorium of the
Young Men's Christian Association, M*
son and Ellis streets, this afternoon, at 3
o'clock. The address will be given by
Rev. Frank K. Baker, and the blind sln*
lns evangelists will furnish the music.
Service for men only.
FraT ! c d>P Kf%a 1 k n e r VaCleia CU *" P " tW ' *"'
. Epworth Methodist Episcopal — Morning.
"The Value of a Soul and the Obligations of
Redeemed Men and Women to God"; evening.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal —
Morning. "The Glpry of Zion"; evening. r- The
Greatest Issue Before the People." Pastor,
Rev. John Stephens.
Howard-Street Methodist Episcopal — Morn
ing. "Our Duty to the Aged": evening, "A Ship
Without a Pilot.". Pastor. Rev. A. C. Bane.
Grace Methodist Episcopal — Morning. "Is
Happiness a Test of Providence?" evening.
"The Money Trust." Pastor. Rev. F. M. Lar
kln.
First United Presbyterian — Morning. "The
Mighty Men of David"; evening. "Doubt and
Its Rerredy." Pastor. Rev. H. H. Bell.
First Unitarian — Morning. "The Roman Cath
ellc Church." Pastor. Rer. Bradford Leavltt.
Second Unitarian — "The Religion of the
Sea." Pastor. Rev.' Jay William Hudson.
California-Street Methodist Episcopal — Even
ing. "The Real Christ." Pastor. Rev. Clarence
Reed.
Third Congregational— .Morning. "The Philos
ophy of Contentment": evening. "The Church
of the Future— What 'Win Be Its Creed. Work
and Denomination?" Pastor. Rev. "William
Rader. • .
has the custom of asking on this day a
contribution from each church In the dio
cese to the altar fund fee for the erection
of altars in new missions.
Other services will be as follows:
First English Lutheran — Morning-. "The
House on the Hill Entered": evening. "Moses
and the Nebular Hypothesis. 1 ' Pastor. Rev. E.
Nelander. ..:,-.
St. Dominic's Church to
Present Scene of
Splendor.
St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Stelner
streets, will be the scene of unusualllfe
and splendor to-day, the solemn celebra
tion of the feast of its patron commenc
ing at 11 a, m. Being the founder of the
Dominican order, St. Dominic Is always
held In the greatest esteem and filial rev
erence by his white-robed sons, and his
f east is solemnized with all pomp and
ceremonial throughout the world. A sol
emn high mass will be sung at the hour
mentioned, and an appropriate ¦ sermon
will be delivered by the Rev. F. S. Welch.
O. P., on the life and character of the
saint, as well as the needs of the time
which called for the foundation of his
order.
In the evening after a "procession In
honor of the Most Ho'.y Name at .7:30
o'clock a sermon will be given by Rev.
Ambrose Wilson, O. P., followed by the
solemn benediction of the blessed sacra
ment.
The music for both morning and even-
Ing will be In harmony with the dignity
of the occasion. The regular choir, as
sisted by an enlarged chorus, will be un
der the direction of Walter Handel Thor
ley. Mozart's mass In C will be sung in
the morning, and a feature of the musical
service is to be an "Ave Verum," a motet
composed by W. H. Thorley and sung for
the first time In this city.
The sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass
In St. Ignatius Church this morning will
be preached by Rev. Father Sardi. Rev.
Father Calzia will deliver the sermon at
vespers. Rev. Father Mahoney wjll
preach in the evening on the feast of the
assumption.
Special services In honor of the corona
tion of "Pope Pius X will; '.be '.held this
evening In St. Francis Church, commenc
ing at 7:30 o'clock, i.-. The pastor, Rev. T.
Caraher. will preach the sermon, and aft
er benediction with the blessed sacrament
the choir and congregation will sing the
"Te Deum." f
' At 11 o'clock this morning, ; It being the
feast of : the transfiguration; the Bishop
of. California will celebrate ¦ the holy com
munion- and address the Women's Auxin:
ary In St. Luke's Church. 7 The auxiliary
In the three days covering the contest
for the cup the Americans scored only
one point, and that was on a default by
R. F. Doherty, occasioned by his accident.
The cup will be placed in "the custody of
the English Lawn Tennis Association. It
is quite probable an American team will
go to England next year In an effort to
regain It
H. L. Doherty's -marvelous ability to
overcourt undoubtedly won him the match
with Larned, although to the minds of
many an unfortunate decision at a crit
ical stage in the last' set was the cause
of the latter's failure. With the games
four-all in this last set and Larned with- ;
in one 'point of the ninth game, there
came a question on Doherty's second ser
vice. The linesman failed to call, arid
Larned, thinking It a double fault, start
ed to change courts, in the belief that the*
game was his. The referee decided the
point must be played over again. This
took the snap out of Larned at once, and
after that Doherty had little difficulty In
winning. **
The matches were played on adjoining
courts, and the 5000 tennis enthusiasts who
surrounded the lnclosure probably saw
the finest exhibition of tennis in the his
tory of the game. From the start the
excitement was Intense, and after each
match had been squared at the end of
four sets every one was on tiptoe until
II. L. Doherty won a longdence set, his
match and the necessary three points to
obtain possession of the cup. The crowd
still lingered to see the American favor
ite R. D. Wrenn finish his contest with
the elder of the Doherty brothers. At one
time It seemed Wrenn might possibly pull
out a victory, but the elder Doherty
proved too much for him. ;v'-.
Each of the contests to-day went a full
five sets, H. L. Doherty, the British
champion, defeating William P. Larned,
the American champion, 6— 3, 6—8, 6—0,
2— €, 7—5, while his brother disposed of R.
D. Wrenn, former American champion,
S— 4, 3— 6. 6—3, 6—8, 6—4. '•
BOSTON, Aug. 8.— The International ten
nis trophy presented three years ago by
Dwlght F. Davis of this country goes to
England through the united efforts of R.
F. and H. L. Doherty, who clinched their
hold on the trophy by winning both
matches in singles to-day and scoring in
the entire contest four out of the total of
five points.
The list of vice presidents read by Wil
liam Meakin was long enough to pack the
stage, but many were absent. The meet
ing was in the nature of a rebuke to the
:if-pirations of Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz,
who Is ambitious to succeed himself. The
anti-Schmitz wing of the Labor party was
ready to cry out against its former stand
ard bearer. Meakin expressed himself as
opposed to the "Ruef— Parry" ticket. He
r.aid the county committee, which he rep
resented, was the county committee rec
opnized by Judge Murasky and later sug
gested by the Eelection . Commissioners.
"We have placed for your notice and
for your approval next Tuesday," he safl,
"a pet of candidates that represent more
Kmpty chairs mortified the speakers at
llic^ael Casey"5 Union Labor party's
mass met ting in the Alhambra Theater
last night. A brass band and bonfire in
front of the meeting place did not prove
an attraction. The big theater could
have accommodate an audience twice
the size of that which attended.
' Hearing of the efficacy of the Roentgen
rays for the removal of hairs from the
upper lip, a lady in I Hanover, aged 35
years, applied to Dr. Karl Bruno Schur
mayer, a properly qualified ' doctor and
Roentgen ray specialist, for treatment.
He operated twice, but instead of remov
ing the superfluous hairs the operation re
sulted In the skin of the/face becoming
red and the lips swollen. The lady there
upon brought an action against the doc
tor and was awarded $80 damages, against
which he appealed, but the decision has
Just been upheld.
Denunciation of Ruef
and Parry at Alham
bra Meeting.
WILL CELEBRATE
PATRON'S FEAST
Doherty Brothers Win
the International
TENNIS TROPHPY
FOR ENGLAND
TORRID WORDS
FROM THE STUMP
Of course, there are others. He has otheru.
One of them, for instance, is "Doormat" Par
ry. Why, that man. my friends, who is rep
resenting this community in an Important posi
tlcn—I Mush to think eo — came within a vote
of indictment. That man is so corrupt that if
you were to drive a nail in his head it would
com; out a screw. (Applause and laughter.)
Congressman William J. Wynn also ad
dressed the- meeting. 'His speech was
hardly heard by reason of the noise by
the outgoing audience.
These are Ftrone words and I don't uso
-words easily or lightly. I have t>x> high a re
gard for reputation and I have suffered too
much myself to speak disparagingly, and
therefore I want you worklngnien of San Fran
clbco to feel that with all the opportunities of
inquiry I have had, and with all the industry
1 could bring to bear, I have bwn driven to
the conclusion that the great danger to th<»
union, so far as the union labor movement is
concerned, is in the leper touch of Abraham
Ruef.
Abraham Ruef nan drawn around him as hi*
tools one or two good men. poor foolish fel
lows, too weak to assert their manhood: and
another troop of voters whose true place is be
hind the prison bare. And Abraham Ruef and
tnoise who take orders from him, so far as you
are concerned, ere trimming th« palls of their
pirate craft through your splendid enthusiasm
for trades unions.
I have com* to the conclusion that the men
¦who have crept into the labor unions are not
the friends of trades. unions, but a little clique
of demagogues responsive to one man, and that
man. my friend*. Is a representative of. the
moet unscrupulous, wlf -seeking, money-get
ting, hypocritical political boss — I refer, of
course, to Abraham Ruef.
that seventy unions in the city and county
of San Francisco— the most representative
body of labor union men that ever met
in a convention of its character." »
Chairman Meakin read an editorial from
a labor journal, which, he said, voiced
the opinion cf the labor party. He Intro
duced Congressman E. J. Livernash. who
delivered a dissertation on'the distribution
of wealth and the rights of the masses.
He also paid his respects to Abe Ruef
and Fire Commissioner Parry. In part
he spoke as follows:
It is naturally expected that many of
these subjects will pnyoke a general dis
cussion and lead to valuable suggestions!
that will greatly aid the committees that
will be appointed to secure national and
State legisaltion. One of the personal am
bitions of Mr. Richardson, he explained
yesterday, is to secure Indorsement of a
plan for a union meeting of the Trans-
Misslsslppl and the National Irrigation
congresses In St. Louis next year. He
'eald:
It would be productive o f great good to the
entire country if those two bodies would come
together and thoroughly discuss the various
important matters which" are vital to the in
terests of the members of both. It is possible
that some arrangement toward this end may
be accomplished at the coming meeting. We
are very fortunate in having as president of
the Trans-Misslsslppl Congress. John H. Klr
by. who is an Indefatigable worker in the In
terest of commercial advancement, and he has
Justly earned the title of industrial captain of
the South. The congress will remain in ses
sion continuously from August" 18. to the 20th.
Mr. Richardson said that It is estimated
that between 500 and 700 delegates will
attend the congress and among the sub
jects that will be discussed by the more
prominent speakers In the congress will
be the following: <**} '
"The Department of Commerce in Its R#-
Tatlons to the Country; Its Future Work." by
Secretary George B. Cortelyou; "Trade Rela
tions With Canada," by Herbert Strain of
Montana: i"Our Export Trade: the. Field of
the World." by F. B. Thurber of New York,
and "American Scenery and Its Influence on
Travelers." by Paseenger Traffic Manager Mc-
Cormlck of the Southern Pacific: "Commercial
Relations With the Nations of the East," by
Senator MeCumber of North Dakota ; "Ori
ental Trade." by President J. J. Hill of th*
Northern Pacific; "Commercial Importance of
Good Public Roads," by Secretary Richard
son of the National Goo<i Roads' Association;
"Immigration and Its Distribution," by Tom
Richardson; "Benefits of Irrigation." by J.
W. Rlgglns of Waco and F. F. Frankenburg
of Colorado; "The Philippines," by Secretary
Palmer of the National Beet Sugar Associa
tion; "Alaska," by Senator Patterson of Colo
rad6.
SUBJECTS FOB, CONGRESS.
The commercial progress of California deeply
Interests the people of our section of the South,
for the interests of both sections are of a sort,
in common; that is, we have been working
along similar commercial lines. Your prosperi
ty during the last few years has been a repro
duction of oura. We have been developing our
industries, increasing our population, building
sky scrapers and organizing new banks and
trust companies, as hats been done in Califor
nia. In the last four years the banking re
sources of New Orleans have Increased 115 per
cent, which plainly tells what has been accom
plished in the State of Louisiana. The New
Orleans Progressive Union and kindred organ
izations in Louisiana and adjoining States have
been materially responsible for the advance
ment of our commercial Interests, for to the
efforts of these bodies were attributed the suc
cess of getting large commercial organizations
to hold their conventions in New Orleans and
in this way we were enabled to attract the per
sonal attention of visitors to our many Indus
tries and impress upon them the advantages of
investing. The results have been most remark
able. In one of our bodies we have a member
ship of 1600, which Is constantly planning and
working out projects for bringing more people
to the South; and I think that a similar scheme
would prove a great benefit to California and
the neighboring coast States.
INTERESTS IN COMMON.
Tom Richardson of New Orleans, man
ager of the New Orleans Progressive
Union, which ranks among the largest
commercial bodies in the United States,
arrived from Louisiana yesterday, accom
panied by his wife, and Is registered at
the Palace. Mr. Richardson" Is en route
to Seattle as a delegate to th© Trans-
Mississippi Congress, which Is to convene
there on August 18. He Is a member of
the advisory board of the executive com
mittee of the congress and Is going to
Seattle In advance of the meeting to ar
range for the accommodations of the
Louisiana delegation and make prelimin
ary preparations for the proceedings of
the congress. Mr. Kichardson said yes
terday;
Ixmlslana will send a delegation of between
thirty-nve and forty, and I think that it will
be the largest representation that any State
has ever sent to a commercial congress in thla
country. In the (south we are locking forward
to the congress as one of the most interesting
that has been held, and I think there la «oou
reason for regarding It as such.
Many Important subjects are to.be discussed
and they will be handled by some of the ablest
men. The Texas and part of -the Louisiana
delegation will leave Houston by way of the
Southern Paclnc on August 12 and the party is
scheduled to reach Los Angeles on Friday next.
There the delegates will be entertained by the
local Chamber of .Commerce. The etay In Loa
Angeles, however! will be short, for the dele
gations are due In this city on the following
day. It would have been a great pleasure to
our representatives to-have remained In Ban
Francisco for several days, but their time Is
limited. After the congress is adjourned, how
ever, it is the intention of the majority of the
party to. make an extensive trip through Cali
fornia, and they will no doubt spend consider
able time In this city.
Representative Prom Louis
iana Predicts Great
Results.
Trans-Mississippi Con
gress to Be Notable
Gathering. -
MANY DELEGATES
ARE TO ATTEND
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
28
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
APPETITE'S POOR!
A sure sign that the stomach is
out of order, the -"bowels, are con-
stipated and' the liver inactive.
You cannot enjoy your food as
long as this condition prevails,
and unless it. is remedied at once
you're' going to be serious-y ill.
A few doses of Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters will make a' great im-
provement in your condition. It
will make the stomach healthy, re-
store th'e appetite and cure Heart-
burn, Indigestion, Dyspepsia and
Constipation;
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
SPFtiALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Firms of S. F.
mobphine"1ELASTIC
°|i.i, n oriubitiPoii- STOffiCTNG^
V Ottwd.' K0 PAW Abdominal Supporters.
JJ The Willow Bart Co. y '$$«*£ i
1839 Polk 8L, 8. P. JOHN W.HOPEWEU*
mmammm—mmmmmmmmm^ 3-4.
ADVERTISEMENTS. • . • ' •
—^ T*sj|| KC-r^p.. 'jP:'' *%& '•&;' /^> \&. m t^b, .<*. -fig^r^K i^?s%£> '^ *fr~i$ ¦-' *•• &. '*^> *$?%^k*; y'\
i*Lij »w yv — wi^r'yi — Fff3! tflw — IS Th —^S<~Z9~~jSy — \S&^fc?Sf$
Our Carpet Department is an Exhibition
of the New Fall Designs for
all the Mills of America.
Another Carload of Axminstcrs, Savonerries, Wiltons, high grade Velvets,
Body Brussels and Tapestries — another 500 homes to be brightened this week.
$ape$trii Sftru&seU 40c. t/d. %aid
We enjoy the surprise and pleasure our customers evince when
they find, as they do here, desirable pattern and quality at
Such Prices as these, On Your Floor for Forty Cents a Yard.
Body Brussels for ti» | A A Inlaid Linoleum for d» | A A
The way our customers selected | H BO B It stands wear for the pattern 7|^ E O il i
it last week showed they agreed ¦"* * K° es through; stands dampness A *
with us that Body Brussels is the "all around carpet." for oil and cork won't absorb it; will stand inspection
Hall, stair, ANY ROOM. We have borders to match. on its merits. On Your Floor for $i a square ynrd.
Sewed, Linei, Laid on Your floor for a Dollar a yard. ... _ o ...... r» -^
Tanpstrv Brussels fnr f\f\ 9xl2 fcet w ° o1 Smyrna Rugs
IdlJCdUj UlUdd^l^ .Ul S|||/T The latest in true Oriental pat- /^ pa a
141 rooms, 63 orders, some of them the Bl tcrns> These thick, double faced. | / 'j U
entire house was the record on this grade X VT V Smyrnas will give you rug satis- | A. I 7%
last week. 5000 yards added to it this week. Greens, faction. Big enough, too; for -¦-*"•¦ *S
reds, tans, two-tones; Oriental and floral; S. L. L. 90c.
Tapestry Brussels for /: a _ 3x6 feet Smyrna for | ar
_ T « . . , C1 , , , ,. BRH B/' Just th: best all around rug. On- B
Scrol, Oriental, Floral, large and small I Bl Bl * . . ¦¦¦•, ... ., H a / Q /
Z, , ,- . \ ... wlf4J enta designsi reversib e; see them, a9S *~r
figured. Cashmere, red green and blue. V^ *» • •
Every facility for selecting. On Your Floor for '6oc IMaftifin 9(1 ifH Doll /^ iTV paa
I innlAiim Crwh onrf Ail A s\ Ifldllllly, d\3 yU. KUII # H H ET
LinUlolllII, LOI K dliU UN, A £ Y^ Enough of the special 20yd. rolls for f VtF
Bright, new patterns. The best that is %k another week. Measure your rooms & *^©X \J
made in its grade. Laid, for 40c sq. yd. -B-Vr%/ see if 20 yards wont do; a little piece over is very useful
Closing Out' Drapery Goods
30c Burlap, Closing Out at, yard |5q 25c Oriental Denims, a yard, |^q
You drape or cover most anything with it. * Make your own couch covers, portieres,
Figured, flowers and solid colors, in variety— 15 c. and curtains. East Indian, Persian, Turkish.
Dainty Japanese Crape, Pretty flower and gold decorated, as only Japs can do it; a yard, 7 1-2 C.
"The Credit House"
233 235 237 Post Street
ADVEBTISEM2NTB.
~~- —^~ ; — ~~~~
SEsvxf 7VT 1 1 W/ A I Ik hr —
"~"JIliLi TT f\UiVL«L<
On call- at club or cafe^ — or delivered In bottles to the home. These beers
are incomparable in quality and possess a hop and malt flavor that evi-
dences absolute purity and "beer character."
Always t he Same Good Old Blatz
BLATZ. MALT-VIVIIME J» Noa-lDtoxleanl-jJg^nlo Purposes.
BRAUNSCHWEIGER & CO., Inc.
5oi)d 7 Orumm St. Sao Fraoclsca Telephone Main 1646. Wholesale Dealtff*
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
.'*.'* J »-"*_ r;.T -p-^ tjarMM^ V^rVTWVfB ¦^ B^^^_-._ Ha
Mk< .^S.^S^^i W- Dr Lawrence's Wonderful New I
/^v VACUUM DEVELOPER I
l|f @ U'J . AND XSTVICtOBATOB. 1
y£**ZlJy/C*) 1l^ Vtw Ft'ente* Ditphr&gm and iBprareiaenti Eo'o Only Ey Vi. U
Quickly restores Lost Strength. Permanently cures Varlco- ft
cel- - PrematurenesB. Drains. Stricture and Prostatitls. A simpli B
«^T_ a^ hom» treatment. n
J*"*: ' It Btimulalee and energizes the nerve force and induces a ful' ¦
{:• . [ circulation of -blood into rhrunken. debilitated parts thut fl
I j FtrenRth*nlng and developlnr them. H
; , ¦ ; > tall or write for private Illustrated book No 6. showlnir mal« 1
B |j| a FVFtem and exi.lalninB our special treatment. Sent plain sealed. I
\ |i ! I ALL DISEASES OI^ MEN. Contracted Disorders, etc., cured I
- !j !. | - by our epeciaHsts. even when others fall. 1
' P)!l I 2 Consultation free and confidential. Hours. 0 a. m. to 9 p. rr. ¦
•¦ iai'i j ™ fcundaj-w. lu m. m. to 1 i>. m B
difjj 5 no azoarxnr keqxtihed tjhtjx citsed. m
&&£> HEALTH APPLIANCE CO 6 O' Fft " e " St. (Hear Market), |
. ' : .. , ; ,"•>...-..; NEW; ADVERTISEMENTS. ; t
i' '"."'"' "..'.. -. . . -."i'\ • ¦---¦¦-¦--•¦¦ \ ¦ .« -" • i M .m— rmfinMTMiiinwi— i—^
Within the Circle I
I OF YOUR ACQUAINTANCES
I .MANY SHOULD USE [
Newbro's Herpici-de
I WHO ARE THEY? V THE REASON FOR IT. |
! « In dcterminino; just who should use this new scalp The successive stages of hair destruction extend over te
H treatment you are apt to be in error, unless you have a great number of years, and the young man or woman B
j H posted yourself and" know that Prof. Unna of Hamburg, with abundant hair may be harboring one or a dozen H
i a Germany, discovered that dandruff, itching scalp and patches of microbic growth in the scalp and be wholly H
I B baldness arc caused by a germ or parasite which enters ignorant of it Years may elapse after the microbe en- I
§3 the sebaceous glands of the hair follicles, where it sets ters the scalp before true dandruff appears: and. in fact. H
B up an inflammation, causing dry, brittle or lusterless hair, this appearance of dandruff is the first positive evidence h
B accefmpanied by dandruff, itching scalp and finally falling that the work of destruction is well under way. Later H
n hair. Later, the microbe extends its operations deeper the symptoms of hair loss appear in regular order, but W
1 into the hair follicle, where it attacks the hair bulb and more rapidly, and Newbro's Herpicide should be used I
j lastly the papilla, from .which the hair root receives its promptly and until the last indication of microbic B
I nourishment, after which chronic or incurable baldness growth has disappeared. After the dandruff has been B
¦ will likely follow. Therefore, the persons who need the cured and the falling hair stopped. Newbro's Herpicide i
! I new antiseptic scalp germicide are not the hopelessly should be used occasionally to keep the scalp healthy H
Eg bald ones. but. practically, every one else. Read the and free from additiona] microbic contagion, to which B
fl reason for this. _ . --' men, in particular, are liable. . M
B A Well-KnOWn Colorado Teacher Write*.*—- " !***••» t» «aythatl hk4 Newbro's Herplclda for fatting hair, and It It
Eg r\ r» Cll ivnown VsOlOraQO A eacner Writes. — h , d the de5 | r / d eMec t In two weeks. I trurt that It may be ujed by II
H other* similarly affected " (Signed; ANNA E. LITTLE. Oreeley. Colo, i]
B A. California Dpntl«.t Qpnnrtt* "' have been troubled with dandruff and falUn? out of my hair for several year3, and have m
9 1/ w»*«»v» ¦»*« vcuiui, rvtpvi u>. tfie4 every known remedy, but found nothing that would affect a cure until I tried your f
|1 Herpicide. Onebottleof It completely c» red the disease, and I now use It but once a week." (Signed; W. A. SEHOKN, Dentist. Auburn. Calif. B
B Dr. FllllertOn Of IOWA Prescribes It — "' tested Newbro's Herpicide la my own use and It has removed all the |1
B . ,u ru " crwn » w «>wa, rrescnues II. daBdrufl t | e » V |ng the hair soft and smooth, and I am very much pleased with ||
a It. I have already prescribed It In a number of cases and shall continue to do so In the future." D
U ." . ' . • <Slgned) O. J. FULLERTON. M. P.. Waterloo. Iowa, f
II A Delightful Hair Dressing. . . It StopaJtchlng of the 5calp» Almost Instantly. »>N?ii 0
I • jJ •«#«•*»••*•-*• Get a Sample Direct from the Factory. Kjat \gjrUt& U
JL u 1 jp WARNING! < r-j > 8ISr7/-\ 0
SEW- 1 P » 3$ The success of Newbro's Her- > , -.Criia i ?dv*i» H
vHy- : ¦'¦aJr&'S ' plcJde h«» caused the market to > UncJose 10 cents in stamps to pay postage and < />fI3fcHA Ci II
tfi'Ar : iB ¦T&tO; be flooded *»-uh so-called dandruff packing upon a sample of Newbros Herpicide. <; \J'£<3e w\ I * W
'-'•*•¦'!& -V &*) Ee r .m de«ro>ers. Don't expect . -T[^2t1 ' f**r-. f»~ [l
~VO j£i ipTt: s«ti»fmclory results from some- i V,rri» ' rxT^S-V £5** H
!J31» 'ii 5 ®; thiug the druggUt assured you !"«"•= rCjc/V^OTCNMN t B
film W(£$i w«s "iust as food " Conscien. ., , ... ' > i 5fW&^l«M\/ i
tious drutgists never recommend Street and NO. - < »s23!i§^D$\ ' f 51
R %/ *&' »"LJar»i substitutes. Applications of Her- i, "-'.''-'¦' S \7iXMitCi>eS> n
II r^rir*r^M^ B i( i lde i l vrfnclpai barber shops. ( city and State ¦. -3|v5iW^SW\ H
B tVi V* iU\to"wS P'ice St.oo at leading dm? ', J .< OV^Vi f*W Y-*J I*
I S^& - S5?rilSKiK [AddressTheHerpIcldeCo.DctroU.rUcb.j *^^ |
I \ Heaitby H«ir. Destroy the cause— you remove the effect, a* unhealthy mir. IOMAHA. Nebr.. Aug. 8.— The Merrill Com
mission Company, a grain and stock brokerage
firm, suspended to-day. The concern operated
branches in a number of Iowa and Nebraska
towns.
LOICDON'. Aug. 8. — Andrew Carnegie has of
fered the city of Dublin $140,000 toward the
erection of a free public library.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 8.— Judge Sloas of
San Francisco to-day denied a motion
for a new trial in the suit brought by
Sarah J. YordI against her stepdaugh
ters, Flora I., Nellie E. and Alice C.
YordI. The action was commenced to set
aside a deed made by Fred Yordi, de
ceased, to his three daughters. The
ground alleged was undue influence and
that no consideration had been paid for
the deed. The property Involved is the
YordI home place at Cloverdale. Judg
ment was rendered in favor of Mrs. Yordi
Bome time ago and the children sought
to secure a new trial.
Denies Motion for a New Trial.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Aug. S.— Lewis Har
mon, the convicted murderer of Georga
Geyer near Alton; Robert Shifflett, Frank
lin County, charged with horse stealing;
Otis Kellar, another alleged horsethief.
and Lewis Eyeting. alleged forger of
Dayton, escaped from the county jail in
broad daylight to-day by cutting off a bar
In the bathroom. The work is supposed
to have been done with a potato kr.ifa
hied in the shape of a saw.
Ohio Prisoners Escape.
BAN JOSE, Aug. 3.— .Tho Santa Clara Valley
Fish and Gam* Association la to distribute
100,000 trout fry In the streams of this valley
during August. These ara to be furnished by
the State Fish Commission from the hatchery
at Slsson. Of this number 15.000 will b« placed
In the Uvas. Llages and Los Gatos creeks, and
tho balance In the various other streams.
Several prisoners were paroled: S. G.
Neal, serving ten years for burglary; H
E. Duff, serving four years for embez
zlement; J. R. Pico, serving three years
for forgery; J. O. Gillett, serving seven
years for manslaughter; F. M. Chrisman,
serving three and a half years for grand
larceny, and M. Cabral, serving five years
for burglary. The men had but a few
more months to serve.
State from the Jute mill amounted to $57,
488 04, a gain of J12S0 60 over the preceding
year. The net profit during Aguirre's re
gime amounted to $190,723 79.
Warden Aguirr* recommended that a
guard .tower be built near the chicken
ranch, which would protect a large area
now wholly unprotected.
BAN JOSE, Aug. 8.— The annual re
gatta of the' South Bay Yacht Club for
the poerr silver cup will take place to
morrow In : the bay off Alvlso. Eight
yachts have been entered." , ,The course
ia. twenty-five miles. Great interest is
centered in. the race.' .The. cup has been
won twice ; by, the] Cisne; and once by. the
Espy. The cup.must.be won three times
to become the, property of 'the : winners. 1
South' Bay Yaclit Club Regatta.
SAN QUENTIN. Aug. 8.— At a meeting
of the State Board of Prison Directors to
day J. W. J Tompkins ; was formally elect
ed Warden ; of San Quentln. It was
thought that the directors might elect a
Warden for Folsom prison, but there was
no discussion of the matter. .
Warden Aguirre filed his 1 official report
for the year. It showed that the jute L min
had turned out 4,526,700 grain bags up ,to
June 20. 1903, an . increase . of 201,300 . bags
over; the previous i, year.-- The prison of
ficials/: had v sold: 4,162,870; bags, the .sales
netting: $252,211 P9, a. grain of $10,358 44 over
the ; previous year. The; profits to the
J. W. Tompkins Is Formally Elected
Warden of the Penitentiary to
,.; Succeed Aguirre.
PRISON DIBECTORS 1 .
MEET AT SAN QUENTIN
SAN JOSE, Aug. 8.— Miss Belle Joa
chims, a young lady employed at the
Ainsjey . cannery at Campbell, was at
tacked by a tramp this morning while on
her way to work. Frank Kyle has been
arrested for the offense and was positive,
ly identified by Miss Joachims as her as
sailant Ed Trlplett and Joe Pease,
tramps, are being. held as witnesses.
Miss Joachims was riding a bicycle
along the Campbell and Los Oatos road,
and when about two miles west of Los
Gatos a tramp stepped out in front of her
and commanded her to halt. She refused,
whereupon he caught her, dragged her
from the wheel and threw her into a mud
puddle. Two other tramps, who were on
the railroad track 100 yards away, went
to her assistance and her assailant ran
off. Miss Joachims' mouth and neck were
bruised and her clothes torn. She then
rode on into Campbell and reported the
matter to the Sheriff's office. •
Shortly before noon Deputy Sheriffs
Langf ord and Reynolds of Los Gatos ar
rested Kyle, Triplett and Pease, whom
they found together.. Miss Joachims posi
tively Identified Kyle as the man who at
tacked her. She thought the. other two
were the men who went to her assistance.
Kyle denies that he is the man wanted!
Ho says he is a painler afod that he
formerly worked at the Union Iron Works
ip San Francisco. Trlplett and Pease say
Kyle was ,with them, | and will not admit
they were the men. who aided Miss Joa- '
chims. The Sheriff's office believes they
are trying to- shield '. their companion.
Pease and Triplett claim to come from
Redwood City.
Miss Joachims is 21 years of age. Her
father, Edward Joachims, is an orchard
ist,.residing.on Parr avenue. . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Aug. 8.— While their three
children were burning to death in their
homo near Coulee City, Wash., Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Whitehead were hurrying to
the scene as fast aa'they could run. They
arrived to find the house almost burned
to the ground, and were too late to save
their little ones, who were aged 6 years,
3 years and 16 months, respectively. The
agonized husband and wife had seen the
blaze while they were still a considerable
distance from the house, and hurried with
all speed to the burning dwelling.
The fatality occurred about 5 o'clock in
the afternoon. 'Mr. and Mrs. Whitehead
are new settlers six miles from Coulee
City, and had left the children In the
house while they went to dig a well a
half-mile a,way. A small fire was left
burning in the cook stove, and it is be"
lieved the flames were communicated to
the partition near. by. The children were
asleep in their beds and perished as they
lay there.
Two; of ¦ the bodies were burned to a
crisp and the arms and legs of the third
were burned off. The flames could be seen
from Coulee City; but no assistance could
reach the place in time. As the White
heads lost everything a subscription is
being made up to relieve their temporary
necessities. ' The mother is prostrated and
the father is nearly insane over the terri
ble" affair. '.'':.
gpecial Dispatch <o The Call.
Frantic Parents Unable
to Reach Their Lit
. tie Ones.
Drags Her Prom Bicycle
and Throws Her" Into
Mud Puddle.
BABES PERISH
IN BURNING HOME
TRIP ATTACKS
A YOUNG WOMAN
Since millions of the Jewish race in Eu
rope are still the victims at racial and reli
gious hatred and persecution. It is the solemn
duty of the American and English nations to
a«;Vt in ameliorating the condition of the
Jewirh sufferers and to listen to the voice of
God expressed In the words, "Comfort ye,
comfort ye, my people, saith your.God."
Tho people of America and England, who
cherirh Ideas and ideals which are Jewish In
character as well as in origin, owe a special
debt of gratitude to IsraeJ, from whom they
have learned among other things the sublime
principle of "righteousness which exaJteth a
nation."
The charge given to the prophets to comfort
the Jewish fxlles In Babylon has a special
significance In modern tlir.es when applied to
the two great nations of the Anglo-Saxon
race, who. like the prophets of old, stand upon
their spiritual heights and t^ach the lessons
of freedom and justice to the. rest of the
world-
At the Bush-street Synagogue yesterday
morning Rabbi Isidore Myers delivered
his anniversary sermon, having completed
six years of Bervice to the Ohabai Sha
lome congregation. Taking his text from
Isaiah, "Comfort ye my people, saith your
Qod," Rabbi Myers said in part:
KABBI MYZBS DELIVERS
ANITCVEBSABY ADDBESS
Praises English and Americans for
Assisting Jews in Time
of Trouble.
SPOKANE. Wash.. Aug. 8.— A fire raged
in Cour d'Alene, Idaho, to-day, and part
of Spokane's fire department was sent
there by special train. The planing mill
and lumber yards of the Couer d'Alene
Lumber Company were destroyed, entail
ing a loss of $40,009. When the. boiler of
the mill exploded a flying fragment struck
E. Bartlett, cutting off his left leg.
Fire Destroys a Planlng-Mill.
New Home for Santa Ana Masons.
SANTA ANA, Aug. 8.— The cornerstone
of the new Masonic Temple of Santa Ara
was laid this afternoon with Impressive
ceremonies under the auspices of the
Grand Lodue of the Etate of California.
Grand Master Orria S. Hend?rson con
ducted the exercises and Grand Orator
Edward H. Hart delivered the address of
the day. Hundreds of visitors witnessed
the event, which Is regarded as most im
portant in the history of local Masonry.
The temple is to be a three-story brick
affair and will cost about $35,000.
In view of the trouble a few evenings
ago between whites and blacks. It Is fear
i ed a race war is Imminent.
HILLSBORO, Ohio, Aug. 8.— There is
much excitement here because of the at
tempt early this morning of a mob to
secure and hang the negro Maynard Hud
j son, who on Thursday night. It is
charged, attacked Penelope Hindman.
white, aged 12 years. The mob of more
j than 100 men was well organized and the
¦ authorities were powerless. Wesley Limle,
j a policeman, was thrown down the high
j jail eteps and badly bruised, while James
White was covered at the same time with
a dozen guns.
Entrance to the iail was effected, but
the negro could not be found, having been
taken to Chilllcothe for safe keeping
j shortly before by Sheriff Elton. The mob
j disbanded, but is under orders and will
J renew thft search as soon as the negro
is located.
Falls to Find Neg*o Culprit After
Breaking- Into Jail.
OHIO MOB IS FRUSTRATED
Friday at 1:15 o'clock p. m. the special
train bearing Mr. Henry P. Uno, chief
t'liginetr of the Timed State.-* fciieel Cor
poration. tirrivcJ :ii J ..•;:= Auseles. beat
tag the best previous transcontinental run
by teu hours. Tbd '.oiul time consumed
f;on the start iH tbt Ora.nJ Central i$u»
flon, New V'orlt. until his arrival in Los
•Aiifreles was 7« hours 40 minutes, an hour
affla twenty n::::v:t''s io»s than throe days,
and less than the time consumed by lim
ited trains lx-twetn Chicago and the Pa
cific Coast. It is a tifinUicant tact that
Mr. Uiue selected lor his initial route i
'.!,e famous New Vork Centrnl and Hud
son li;vor Kailrcad •Twentieth Century
Limited" between New York and Chi
«-co because it was conclusively fhown
t:.;it the r«-cular time schedule of this
: ¦ jermid'e la^ttst iontr distance train i
Bu rr than equated the best possible scned- '
ule of a sDt'i-ial. and that therefore he !
could make better time for the first thou- j
Kasd miles of his journey and with great- !
• r concert by the use of this regular j
fc&tur«.ci that tamous railroad's equip-!
:jii :.i. Llr. Lowe Itft New York en Au- '
Bust < at ":45 p. m. and arrived at Chi-;
iago txi S:15 a. m. the rnorninjr of the ;
Cih. whe:e a special was in readiness to !
take him to L*>s Angeles on the record !
breaking run. The ••Twentieth Century!
Limited,- is the latest addition to the !
bctvSqp of the New Ycrk Central and con
stitutes the perfection of modern trans
portation ideas and comrorts.
Notwithstanding the treat epeed of the
"Twentieth Century Limited." it is made
up cf r.o less than seven cf the latest
improved drawing-room sleeping cars,
d:ninr. buffet and reservation cars, en*
tailing a Largely increased expenditure for
operation over the average fast train.
The New York Central Railway Company
is the- only road in this country having
h regular schedule faster than the fast
••• ii:ne made by special trains on any;
"» ,
PAN JOSE, Aug. s. — Birtlett pear grower*
:¦: ihii o~ur.ty have begun to pick their crops. j
The State yield 1* not abundant this year, but |
ri.e prices ere pood. There it soraetl-.lnj mcr» ¦
than half a crop in this valley. The peara are j
• • large elze. The apple <rop here will be ua- t
• • r Dm av^rape In quantity. 1
*.
Between New York and Chi
fcago a Speed of Nearly a
Mile aMinute Is Main
tained for One Thou
sand Itfiles.
Sheriff Is Tied Hand and
Foot to Prevent Inter
ference. .
HATTIESBURG. Miss., Aug. 8.—
Amos Jfcnes, a negro, was hanged by a
nvjb hero to-night for having shot and
mortally Wounded Jailer M. M. Sexton.
Jones, ai.'d another negro named McEl
roy. who were prisoners, seized Sexton,
intending to break from the Jail. Me*
Klroy threw Sexton down and two
white youths, also prisoners, held him.
The negroes disarmed Sexton and Jones
shot him, inflicting three wounds that
ar* said to be fatal.
A crowd gathered outside the Jail,
while a deputy and several others en
tered and overpowered the other pris
oners. In the confusion McElroy es
caped from th« jail. The crowd outside
decided to lynch Jones. Prominent
ir.en urged* them to desist, and the
wounded jailer sent word to leave the
man ur.harmed. The moo later seized
Sheriff iiatson tied him. The fire
brigade was requested to turn out and
help disperse the mob, but refused. The
mob then broke into a. window of the
Jail and cut the negro out of his cell
with chisels. He was brought out to
the crowd of about 500 men and boys,
a rope was tied around his neck and he
was dragged through the town to Gor
don Creek bridge, where he was hanged
to a telegraph pole and bullets were
fired into his body. It Is thought he was
dead before he was hanged.
The New York Central's
"20th Century Lim
• ited'Taster Than the
Fastest Specials.
Prisoner Is Hanged by
a Mississippi
FASTEST TRAIN
ON RECORD
SOOTS JAILER
AND IS LYNCHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
29
JOE R0SEN BER^S^_^_j___^ ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. i JOE ROSENBERG'S.
' k ~^^ TO REDUCE" ©UI£ good mornimg.
' XTAl I A7«0O/7 *5 A B9P2 k A O /P/t//A//J ¦¦?¦ • - Brlni alonS this memory Joiicr when
%\tzGj) A m^il»lm \J\»S\SIJ+J A^f\C^ A%r^rZ/rf/V(J • THESE reduced nrircs ri^ht you dr °P In to-morrow. You share
ffWzV SUMMER. OOO D5 AND SURPLUS 8 i« *i.« *=.«/«*: thc bargaIns of fered at twsQUAUTY
tfflML ' *^ZU!*Mu<nr.r*\ »n the face of an advaqcing mar- store, aii these mention arc tor
J/Sg|fi§S. STOCK rlUSr QO. Ket, are not made by US through Monday and perhaps wUIIast an week.
W^K^^^^^^^^^^y^^ any cna ritable motives. It's a cold business proposition.
|llf§te^\ /^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^ Coods tna t should have been sold in June and July, on account of weather conditions are
VmW^SSH^^S^^^^^^^ stlH in 0Ur Stock ' and tnerc is onlv one vva y t0 m »ve them— cut thc price. That is what we
Wf^^P^^^^R^fc^ are dOing * We posltlvely wiM not carf y oods over from 0" e season t0 another.
' \^^m^^^^M¥ !%%- B £^ Hand-Made Shoestri^ CQRSm Sometimes We Lose Money,
W^M^^mm, VWW e ffi Ve^ To "°** ™* Women Stout and A for Certainly at Thel*
¥M %T F->° f --- Ribbon Tap. Cor-'^ \ J^ST COMBIXATIOV
— -7* -*==zm^^Z£^^m>~ with Ki pink lining Veils made of wash bobinet, seal- W*\ Y"*™**™* s^\l™ 0 / °} ed : hlA Sf« e "deep ne flouSS '.fff
~:^=^ r - SSSnTSSiSSSfio^ l0ped and «*«**««* borders; also AtJeffi 1^ t& ' 4h^ he T^l^4^
Pussy's Whiskers- We make them Important if True, and True it Is. ****** *»*;.™ -^ -• 1Oc . Z 1 7&T^ l ?%&% v * 0 ?%&; Truthful Talk
A j!i ee % fM A^Sffii^lSaSS /Mb Amelia Bin 9«™ Collar
,$M& v&* m^e ar o e f S e ,feo X n \\ W JS" wft. and Tie Combined. CORSETS FITTED FREE* ll^TloTl^^^t buy th9m at
K^g^W, and malinei; the "kind that /H 3 < ral suppon nmdo invS I SEPT ' Collar Js made of Im- -,,, E * pert demonstrator In attendance. LADIES' HOSE-Made of sea Island
F&3& will not crush or mus.; in '(>^V^ Sabl^fo? sufferers from jjfcJl Por?ed duckwlth open- F1 « In S "O" 18 °° mal « fl ~ r - toof Rfch^n^rih? f" d
V'- J «¥*& r Pink, blue , croam. cardinal, \Kd)£{\ weak backs and pulmon- J«C?f~) w ork lace beadin?: long ... .. r .. - . !n P ?; ri S H?^, ribbe , d > ve ' v ft flashed;
white and black. Price ~^&A L ary troubles. It throws 0%$h \ tJo with pointed ends.. Re- All Stores Sell Corsets. dV« «t?it nnlli 6 and lavendar - T?,, re "
lv>C j****' rl ' the chest out so as to '™ ducing price now 19c W/t Sail Onlv On/t Kind TMF BFST uute " O?K pnce l-*iC
//ViXli 'J give the lungs more free- vniy una ninu inc. bcqi
Ladies' Combination Pocketbook and MpMw^ dom t0 breathe - Your Honest value, stitched with truthful Vap^t™',^ Gl Remember!
Purse. SiVa a c n e wUh lta on?v l 2 mrd* that's What has made this 1^1^/^ nowi wexte'SlVel? SgJI= GOOD HOSE FROM A GOOD
We wish we were making what we hook and eye. thus reHev- store totallv different from *£&?&? ><» I 'H *m advertised In the la- xT rt Q^_o , .
are losing on thfm. Made of tho bf 3 t ine thc unhealthy pressure on the deli- »'ure luiauy ainereni Trom VA«\fW d >e« journals, they INDIES HOSL— Open work ar.d lace
seal, erain. alliptqr. suede and morocco; ca!e orfun" of the body. It gives the Others. M>^* Xg^have arrived and -'Oect fast black; three-thread heel an>1
some plain, others sterling silver trim- wearer the military erectness of walk. >2 w. a r» nv««tnpkM are now for your in- *° e - M T f J°" a e a B 0 °d Judge you will
med; well sewed, with patent clasp; in For men women and children; all one » in satin * , ,. «P«"on; made of appreciate them at this low price. l«^c
tan brown, pray and black: 51. $1.50. $2 price ...„?.. .81.00 «hl eood k^nd> Tn^de exi I\ str i >ns 411 cloth, circular cut CHILDREN'S HOSE-Made of French
and $2.50 Qualities; stock reducing price. P 6 . **'"" W^JS^. J? 6 ,!??^ heav^ han(J ored; 8tral S h t front steela: thread, light weight, extra long, double
Hoc Reducing Stock and Reducing Prices SU^SerteAfe ggf y^ Vin° i^fii ?he^S SnfJh.^^^u^ure^
At thf^ e C i« ffsA SS co^^i s o^s^pi L S e E O f co c3S sja c^dS3KnfiicS i|^^?^^^iiSfb SRSJ"gl rt Si.ffi 5°|£S»:aS
At the low price we have *± • victoria lawn washable tlght-flttlng 1 6leaa or we, reaucintf stocic ana prices -*• . ¦***%.
"ecfm hSrSB^ift bJ^Sl 2L ? Jifeenfi, u^defsheeV jffif* l5" "°BOMb"mORB ' GOOD " WBBONB °a1 5fr^ •' //I r O aM. Odds and Ends
day right. Made of tine IS® ntak^ h J K Sreen red S yel- low P rices - roade of a11 Bllk taffeta. Always equal to the ggssss^ In LADIES' BELTS
white lawn pique and butch- MS? , p n 7' b ; ue ' black ' &reen> rett ana o y ij. corded edge, alpaca finish; washable: "train: GOTHAM MILI- -Made of neau de f\ >• A
era- linen; trimmed with ACfC ' " 1<l{l)C width No. 12; in pink, blue, cardinal and TARY .SELF-REDUCING / sole and silk taft JbdKlr/U-SL t^
Swiss . embroidery and hand .ZtfsLl^k i j- > n n * white: now 5c HOSE SUPPORTERS- \_J teta: made with IvCl^
embrnidere-i. drawn work and *3j£k& . Ladies DO'Do. U^ Made with a shaped pad so W"ri curved shape aNo yS^i-*^* 3. ><
fagoting insertion: rii made The new back comb The Industrious Woman's Friend. 5 s to fit s^U gly ». o i? r the « a silk tab. 40c and we ym OS®
HHllaie^Er' --^ P BeI
----^rfe fe :^ h aT aS .IIP 'nS S ;^ U cSpS^..- B So^ ! 'ffiffissSaa
W^Ml^^Mksm yoir °A reach.... * Word to Economical Men and e l^, 1 li ti fflUS h £ a ucS2 e ' S c h 9 a hard "^e
pSiSS'^SS^lSKbS ;^ i i^^^^ < ' * ODDsTnD ENDS OP My Not Have a Perfect Form When CFa^lI-Street Entrance.
..!lr.^.?. u .!!!^ reduclne 5tock pr S7rio ' We Are Overstocked m A. nigh^' gowns nETO it Costs as Little as This ? Another Lucky Purchase of Ours,
• .o«.olf wranru vn>f jiwmpii Mi rHB Nlunf. GO\V>i3, made- of ttt ttttt? ttf* tih trip T>*T^a «^^ j »#• / . r» . « •
„ . , In hand-made Battenberff Scarfs or . t riirh>~ striped flannelette, also bustle made of haircloth and nur« sani fl/7C ' a «W»(K Good One, Too.
Good-by runners 54 inches long and 20 inches i&jMfl& Daisy flannel. The ladies' f a U r s J 9%^ ™ Q % C * a £ c \ 0 % a J* c ] x Pparts B « LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS-Direct
JTO OUR LADIES' SHIRT wide, extra heavy butcher linen center; f™'™ a D r^ r1 h t^l t iifj? e , d J " to fit s'nu&ly over the hips and back; fr ° m u Etlfast. neat ar.d narrow hem-
WAISTS. These low prices trimmed with border 6 inches wide of jfO^ Jh™^ $L J?^ rOl^ er^ dressmakers are delighted with them stitch, pure lmen 5c
will make them go: this sea- a "?- ma T d « f J5?". e n nb " I Sii d^i J« n vSiT ' ¦ wB TW ' Se^HInJSolla? Md cuita man taIlora »PPreciat5 them because }t GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS-Made
son's styles, all detachable ln "r oil designs. Full «/|j |'» deep rolling collar and cuffs, helpg tnem to glve a - pe rfect fltt i nff of pure Belfast linen, half and a 1 inch
v collars and bishop sleeves; *"«<» 'or W.50; stock reducing price - 'f a^° in trtdth and tnith 1 dress - Very light in weight and price hem. Price i Oc
} made of Imported madras, ln "~"'" 8I ' 75 sViSrslffilJToifed fr^nibein^handlld- SOc LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS-Made
ftriped and dotted effects: O'Farrell-Street Entrance. BrSS mSS K to >S of BOOd En e» sh law ". "«at and narrow
J £ e 5°S;d W S bin ia2S : S? e it Ia< Ja,/ Sl^^^^^^lJS Discouraged Purse Receives Com- SKfflKS?^S52gSiiaS
V^ Jl Wand J2.00; stock reducing. AND WE AR | ff oVERSTOCKED IN 51 °° QUaUty marked d0Wn tO ' 75c ' ' //ere. • .-oc apiece
prlce 4OC them, and their low prices win make $2.98 Instead of $5.00 IN OUR 8HEL J J E^ OOD ? depart- Why Not Have a Tape Measure
Some More Good Ladies' . ' 'poTn't* DB PARIS GABOON. 3^ LADIES' ¦ PETTICOAT. ' " SHE^L HAIRPINS,* " straight and Jou«tTi e ncheJ"5
Waists at a Very LOW Price, inches wide; rose patterns, in Arabian Made of all-silk fancy striped ' mo- crinkley kind; highly polished; smooth yard.' Here is one that i\ double folded
•kt a t tVL\ waVir fjJ,Arf * v i Ti, color; now. yard........ .......15c re en. trimmed with a 12-Inch graduated and round teeth; the kind that will not 60 •inches \ Ions the 'kind that will no-
Made of fast black imported English ¦ B , ACK LACE5. PA inches Pleated flounce, and. finished with silk pull the hair: now 12 for J)c crack Now inini??-
sateen; new full sleeves with wide _,f d^ c !h Vhe real eulDure pattiraB* ¦ Pleating; made of black background SIDE COMBS and POMPADOUR C lc apiece
cufts; trimmed in front with straight wide, in the real guipure patterns t h fancy colored satin stripes; PYench PUFFS-Made of fine Italian shell; ,. , P ,„ /
in n Ladv Than a Wraooer £& We flnrt we have too many yards of Is the name of the best _-o»^ /><!..«. *' - cj j a £
to a Laay man a wrapper. a lace beading on hand; reducing ntting and wearing glove Snma GnnH Off*»m'n« Fmn* n.,m *3ig?h> Conservative Statement of
And here Is some at a very price to reduce stock; 12 yards to a^^^^ that is made. Made of OOmQ UOOO UfTeringS from Uur . Facts Will Best Doxcrih/t
low price. The good kind; ttKSi piece for IOc ®7^1» picked French lambskin. Own Machines KTO racxs nill aesx UOSCNOe
made °f*J iea » v ? r ' colored per- jffJgK EMBROIDERIES-% pri«« now; made - -f^ pique stitching, patent 2 LADIES' CHEMISB m *A* «l Our Advertising Methods.
cale, with stripes and dots. , tif^T on eood cambric button-hole edite clasps: in English reds,. VR „#.««£ « i u i ' ma | 3e /21i -^ __ , . .
round yoke effect; ruffle and ' «»S Spenworic p £' 1. 2. 3 ?and t ? lnch« browns, tans, also black and white.' ¥? French sha^eround^n^ M $1-75 Instead of $2.50.
gCoF^lg^ 1 ? iS i||>, ••BEXuTiFiKRSproo-ma-ny-rtn^ « W {M f^lJg ThIweS « ffi^ft^W 1
ar^ W O8C 8 £Sw prices mean quick selling and and INSERTIONS, made on cambric gg&ti Sh & flouncl of ?mbfol S1.75
tnj; a «' I/ O *t* that's what we're doing here; made of and nainsook in the newest Swiss, Irish •" Jery also cluster of tu/k, .. . . .
Ladies Vests. E !lk M cbl 5 on & Fren n ch , q V alIt i y: H? m ' f o ol i5 taS^wMta** 1 PaUerns> rom X and banfl : ¦»& A5d2?lrtSe.!f...ao3 ere s for Lad '°*' Underwear of tho
£& High neck and long SrowTnat^n^^^ 2Oc LADIES' CHEMISE OR SLIP GOWN. Very Good Kind. •
y&> %1irs S w,s S m rfb e bed O . f P eyf7ct S° IFS "° W 5^ 'SwS. 11 . 1 ?. fl Not a garment at a fancy price. Re-
ALA/ finish; fast colors/ in pink. OlarreHMreetbntrance. 65c kind now 3Oc broidery, elbow sleeves, trimmed with d H c i n J? ¥ H^. ce ?-l. < 2.Zg I H5v 0 »tock.
'¦ /iS&ftll blue, white and black. If TkUU *k* IVnu *ha M nna »-?«,»«« 75c kind now 45c embroidery; price Sl.OO , t^ i- n i ?§ ? de of , soft J fln "
'<ffl$I any one has them as good *" / * '* the " a y tflO Money-Saving . __^ . * v " ished English thread: low neck and no
v\£H as" th^e they will cost Store Sells Hairpins. _. ¦ «l e l v lf; h o?^ ® ,i w y S? 8 effect * W a
¦ffU'-'V mnrp rfpriin-inir nrirf>«i in g ""° ««"« iiuiifwi*. ¦ IT" M V /\/vB M HiB^ir B v^/\ and Richelieu ribbed. Now ir>e
14 =-='ff^ Sffi^ JOE ROSENBERG THEPRICECtJTTER .&SsSH2r^SS
More Face Improvers at LOW Prices g^kfalP hairpins; finely finished . QIC M^Uf Ct^nf II n-F^^II C^nnf neck ami a?m holes^triirVmed wfhhVnd
ALL-SILK TUXEDQ-Splder web in W^60^ the kind that will not " 816 MarKCt btrCCt II 0 rarrell MfCeC. • crocheted face witn silk^ibbon- in pink
dotted and plain; ask to see them; you «**^ scratch or pull the hair MATT r>Pm?T?<! cr»T TPTTT7n blue and white. Instead of ll'.ZJ stock
will be pleased at the low price 25c Cabinet 2c MAIL, UKDkKS SOLllllfeD. reducing price 7............. 75c
Instructions for Framing
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT:
Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped gilt or three-inch Flem-
ish brown and burnished gold.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Summer Bowel Troubles
yjt^q^gj^j^^ Not for me ! I'm safe from all of them
and happy. The heat of summer causes
|^r^ or S an ' c matter ever>-\vhere to decay. All
J^ dead vegetable or animal matter rots if
Jsw&r^j^^s not kept on ice. All undigested
E^i!^^) 1^ fiilll food in the human body will fer-
I^JJS) ment a hundred times as quickly in
& 7 summer as in winter. Consequence
1 — stomach, liver, bowels poisoned,
thrown out of order — sour stomach,
X&sj&S&zfYl W gases, colic, diarrhoea, dysentery,
«|||||^^ IJ | cholera, appendicitis, and in some
¥|||y* /^ ' regions yellow fever and the plague.
\ Little children suffer terribly every-
" JwT' .^^\ ' w^ere. .What does good sense tell
Jwr^ \ y° u to ou can '^ keep the hu-
jtSgrni^J Vs^ man body on ice, and the drinking
of ice-cold drinks does more harm
4*0^sM^lJ* an 5 00(^ because it stops digestion and chills the
l§Bxjswtiljr internal organs. The proper thing is to keep all
impure and unnecessary matter out of the body
l§§r every day, not give it a chance to sour and decay
jp in the stomach and bowels, and poison the blood
' _¦* and the whole body. In this way you will, stop all
hot, feverish conditions, and keep your insides cool and healthy. To
do it, use a medicine that is not offensive to the taste and not harsh and
violent in its action. There is only one safe system-cleaner to take in the .
summer time, because it wili not cause diarrhoea or griping, and that W
/5^i_ /%4»»: Be "* { or tho Bowels. AU drugglat», ioc, 15c, 50c. Never sold In tralk.
g<a Ul "f%Ta PaD> The genuine tablet stamped CCC. Guaranteed to cure or your mo>ey
_^^Lzy£r* back « Sample and booklet free. Address ¦ ¦¦<
¦^^aaBOBaSBS^^ SterliBe Remedy Co.,Cbiwa£o or NiwYst*. Ml
LEADCCq CIFI.VESS COLLEGE Or THE
it Pott «.. San Francisco. C*I.
EiUWWMt V> y«irt Open entire year.
V'"r;:e for i^ustrated catalogue (free).
* POLYTECHNIC
f\ Business College end
2a _ School of Enrlneer-
iP' i :1 -^>TWOk »" :r •*¦'• Oakland. Cal.
Tjjti'ii i iMkoLEGfl t I>argest end best
~^^1X,' ¦ "k22Is^ ©Quipped echool of
- "^rT bus'.nesa ehcrthar.d
G-^ U ££ en< * en^iceerinK west
¦l%*CC P " > 8 ' »>>/^>»-> % c * Cl.:cs#o. Perfect
K-rT^f^Vi^vi^'iJ'SWt climate, expenses low.
rv^*tfy' r i>*** *** Write for free 100-
psee catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(TOR VOLAG LADIES).
Ccnfers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Sen-.inary course accredited to the uolver«l-
Um and leading Eastern colleges; rar« eppor-
turiUes offerti ln kiue!c, art and elocution.
Thirty-eighth year. Fall terra open* Augun
:i'. l£«iJ. Write fcr cauicgue to MRS. C. T.
?.:i!.LS. Tres.. Mills College P. P.. CaL
HOITT'S SCHOOL
F^'P BuTS. Mer.Jo Park. California. -Prepare*
for *uy university cr for business. Send for
Illustrated catalogue. IRA O. HOITT. Ph. D,
rrlscipal. Fall tfrrn cper.« August 11.
THE LYCEUM
Ab accredited preparatory echoed for th« tinl-
vereitv. law and medical colleger, is well
knowa for lie careful and thorough work. Com*
tr.d ba with us; we prepare you well; refer-
. r.c»>f Prefidect Jordan or any Stanford pro-
testor. Pfcelan building.
L. H. GRAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
UXSS HARKEB AHU HISS HUGHES'
SCHOOL FOS GIULS
AT PALO ALTO. CALIFORNIA Fcnaerly the
THOBXTB.2T SCHOOL.
I'rrpare* for the Unlverelties and Colleges
XVeEt.ind Esrt. University l«^rtures open to
rtudrr.ts. Femefter begins August 23.
BELMONT SCHOOL. I
FOR BOYS. BELMONT. CAL. '
Open for new pupils August 10; for fonner '
twptta August 12. Catalogue and book cf view* '
ci; fcif' 'cation.
W. T. UEID. A. M fHar\-ard). Head Blaster.
HM/VlLIrN SCHOOL
AKO VA.1T ITEES EEKCIKAEY,
3M3 Jackson bu. £. F. Boarding and dav
*choc! for girls. Accredited by the leading
rclleges end universities. Special attention
»nven« -¦• tr.ueic. Reopens August 10 l&oa.
gARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
THE JEN NE MORROW LONG COL-
LECE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
Fti^e ar.d platform positions guaranteed- !
Isnguap»^; dip!oniB6. Catalogue. 2102 Sutter i
tt. Phone West 11C3. Rcoppns September 2.
SACRED HEART EVENING C0M-
* • MERCIAL SCHOOL,
' A CEIIt IEABT CCILEGE. Eddy and Urkia BU
CLLESZS CPIN KCKDAT. ALGCST 3, 1903.
' tt 7:15 p.m.
' SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
SAX MATEO.
Accredited to Stanford, reopen* August 26 In
new tulldirgs on Mcnte Diablo ave. Modern
lijiprovtrrj^nrt:. For further information or cir-
<-!i:* Ld^r-fcs (MISS) I. L. TEBBETTS.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IRVI.NGTOX. CAT*
A liigh-grade Military Echool for * limited
rutdbcr of bo>« cf good character. Next tena
I f-e'r.it Auguyi 12. !
WILLIAM WALKER ANDEREOX. Principal. 1
Miss West's School for Girls,
201* VAN NESS AVEKUE,
Oprtss Aucutrt 19. Hwne and day school. Ac- I
n<r<llt<"l t>>- leadimr <o!!eg«>». For cataicgua ad- ,
< :r^ MARY B. WEST. Principal. ¦' j
Hitchcock Military Academy, !
SAN EAFAEL, CAL.
Sens rate building fcr little boya. XffiM tena J
r:l! begin en August 17. J
St. Mary's College, \
OAKLAND. CAL i
t-"tud:t« will be resumed MON'UAT. Aurust 3,
' " i: '- UI'.O. ZEXON'IAN. Prcildent.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY, j
PERALTA PARK. BERKELET.
*> *rding and day ccfaooi for bcj-» under 15 yeara j
Jf age. Studies commence MOKDAY, Augurt 3, j
I *ti 6cud lor prcepecttu to Bro. Gcnebran. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I AW P°^ s
iy ., East and Back,
• • . = . '
SSOIlSe AUg * 18 ' I9 ' ' U '
or Address 623 Market
(^^S^S C A. RUTHERFORD,
» — ' v^ > ¦'.'¦' DIsi. Y as gr Agent.The writing experts, who thrive by ready wit and convenient analyses in our courts, have
now discovered that penmanship reveals to their searching brains mental, moral and physical charac
teristics of "the penman. The strangest part of the revelation is that these experts ; are posing as 'un
conscious humorists. v :¦ . JIJjjj
Twice within a very short. time San Francisco has seen rewarded a policeman who risked his
own life that he might save those of others. These acts of. bravery and their subsequent acknowl
edgment passed almost without notice, and it is well-to think that this heroic officer, doing his
duty as it calls him, is not an exception in the Police Department, but only one who accepted an op
portunity as hundreds of his fellows would have done. ',/-¦
,,__.,. . . . _ _8_™
erty and the rights of man, and leave his religious views and practices to a higher judgment whose
A QUITE interesting historical discussion has arisen concerning the religious views and prac
, / Y tices of the patriot Thomas Paine. In his own day he was stigmatized as an infidel, and that
/ \ tradition has become so firmly established that his works are not in common circulation, and
¦*¦ Vif found in a library their presence is apt to be the subject of excuses. Paine's father was
a Quaker; his mother was an independent Methodist. The original Quakers held theological views
that conform closely to what is now known as the modern Unitarian view, which was held also
by Jefferson. J
Paine's "Age of Reason" confirms the fact that his opinions were formed on those of his
father, though there is some evidence that wkile in independent business in England, as a master
stay-maker, he had some associations with his mother's people,. the Methodists. Even ; this would
" hardly relieve him of the charge of infidelity, since the Methodists of . that day were held to be
heterodox to the verge, of infidelity by the Calvinistic sentiment of the orthodox world.
It is certain that after his return to this country from France his associations were with the
Quakers. But this did. not relieve him of the charge of infidelity, since the Quakers had been perse
cuted for that offense. He was made to feel his, outlawryby the theological sentiment of the time.
Being over in New Jersey on business he was identified and refused the right to buy passage on a
public coach and had to make the journey back to North River on foot. In his last 'days he lived
with a Quaker family, who supplied evidence of the falsity of the death-bed ; scene which mistaken
piety invented, and he was buried in the Quaker at New Rochelle, which could not have
been had he not been fellowshipped by those people. ¦•::¦,
It would-be well to recognize the surpassing service of Paine to the cause f American lib-
* THOMAS TP .A-IlsTE'S
Such is the destructiveness of the solu
tion that within a few hours after It ig
applied the withering process begins, and
microscopic tests prove that the liquid
penetrates the growth below the water,
killing the roots, as already stated. Por
tions of the dead growth which have been
pulled from the bottom of the St. Johns,
where tho treatment has been applied,
show that the effect of the chemical Is to
rot the fiber and disintegrate It to such
an extent that if no longer offers resist
ance to navigation. The solution kills the
seed as well as the plant, and efforts are
made to cover as much space during the
seeding season as possible. The work has
been done under the direction of the
United States engineers.
however, seems to have solved the prob
lem of how to destroy the hyacinth, and
it is believed that if sufficient equipment
is provided eventually all of tho Southern
water courses may be cleared of the pest
permanently. A chemical has been com
pounded which has such an effect upon
the plant that If it comes in contact with
the stem or blossom these portions soon
wither; but the solution is so powerful
that It works its way down the stem,
killing the root as well. Some of the in
gredients of the chemical are known only
to the inventor, but a large quantity of
acid Is used in its preparatton.
The process of manufacture is very sim
ple, the "laboratory" being placed upon
a barge provided with two tanks, each of
wh:;h has a capacity of 5000 gallons.
Connected with the tanks Is a boiler in
which the ingredients are mixed at a high
temperature produced by steam heat. The
barge is of such light draught that it can
be towed by the spraying boat if desired,
but the latter Is provided with three res
ervoirs each holding S500 gallons, which
are filled by pumping from the barge.
Pipes lead from, the reservoirs to a steam
pump which supplies the spraying appar
atus. This consists of three booms. One
extends directly in front of the vessel,
being supported by a block and tackle at
tached to the bow deck. XKe others pro
ject from the sides of the vesseL The
sprayers consist of hollow tubes which
are perforated at intervals of about a
foot and the holes fitted with miniature
nozzles. The liquid Is forced Into the
sprayers through lines of hose which are
connected to the sprayers by couplings in
the usual manner. The arrangement of
the sprayers is such that the chemical
can be distributed over a space ninety
feet in width when the boat Is moving.
The boat containing the spraying appar
atus is of the type of craft used on
Southern rivers, drawing but four or five
feet of water. She Is provided with very
powerful engines in proportion te her
size in order to drive her through the
masses of hyacinths, and is so modeled
as to offer as little resistance to the ob
struction as possible. Her reservoirs
carry a sufficient supply of chemical to
cover about 100,000 square yards, and on a
portion of the stream where the growth
Is not too rank the 6teamer will treat this
area of surface in a day. In places where
the side sprayers cannot be utilized on
account of trees or other obstruction, the
chemical is applied to the plants by means
of ordinary hose operated by members of
the crew.
During the last year experiments have
been tried under the supervision of the
Government with the Idea of ridding the
Southern waterways of the hyacinth. As
is well known the variety known as the
water hyacinth spreads bo rapidly and
has such a rank growth In Florida and
Louisiana that it has seriousl" Inter
fered with navigation and In some cases
has completely blocked streams which
had hitherto been available 'or the use
of light-draught steamers.
The hyacinth has been • especially
troublesome on the SL Johns River.
Florida, where various schemes have been
tried to destroy it. One of the plans was
to equip a steamboat with a propeller
provided with blades having very sharp
edgres. with the view of cutting away the
prowth below the surface. It was be
lieved that this treatment would cause
the plants to die. but the benefit was
only temporary. While lanes of open
water were made by the action of the
rapidly moving propeller, they were soon
fllltd with the hyacinth and this scheme
was abandoned. At some of the smaller
wharves on the St. Johns River the
srowth has been so thick that It has
been necessary to go out in boats and
cut away with sickle and knife a large
area In order to allow a vessel to moor
at the dock, while some of the smaller
wharves have been Abandoned, as the
plant stows so thickly about them that
a boat driven by quit© powerful engines
Is In danger of becoming blocked. In tb«
midst of a bed, unable to extricate Itself.
, The method which Is now being- tried.
Sftne of these vessels are of
very lar^e dimensions, having a carrying
capacity ranging between 4000 and 500J
tons, and equal in size to many "tramp"
•hips of the small class which are en
paged in the trans-Atlantic trade. To
\ring these chips to the seaboard and
rhrough the Canadian canal sj-stem has
required some interesting engineering
feats— in fact, some ships are of such
length that it has been found necessary
to cut them into two pieces to allow them
to pass through the locks of some of the
s-mail canals.
The American Shipbuilding Company at
its Cleveland yard has recently completed
several vessels intended for the American
soacoast trade. As it was impossible to
teach tide water except by way of the
Wetland canal and the St. Lawrence sys
tem they were planned with the view of
bring divided as stated. One of these
»-hips. the Minnetonka, now in this port
with her sister ship the Minnewaska, re
cently made the voyage from Cleveland to
the head of the St. Lawrence system.
Hrre she was placed in a drydock and
divided Just forward of her engine-room.
The openings wer<» filled with a bulwark
composed of a framework of timber sup
porting heavy planks, the spaces between
the edses of the plank being made water
lipht by calking. The two sections were
thon taken through the canals without
difficulty, the rear_ portion being moved
by its own engine and guided by the tug
boat, the forward section, of course, be
ing towed. In this manner the steamship
was taken to Levis. Quebec, where the
sections were placed in the drydock of
Davie & *>n and Joined together.
In constructing the Minnetonka the hull
plates as well as ribs were planned so
that the division could be made with com
paratively little expense, and but a few
days were required to Join the parts of
the \'essel. Owing to the method of con
struction the reunited hull is as stiff as if
it had never been cut in two. The accom
panying photographs show the after sec
tion of the vessel passing through the
canals and the whole vessel after the two
parts were Joined together In the Levis
dock.
THE construction of steamships
ar.d barges In yards on the
Great Lakes, as is well known,
has included a fleet built for the
ocean -as well as lake service.
As July draws to a close the general
activity of the publishing firms decreases.
Only a few occasional novels are passing
through the presses.
It may. however, be interesting: to learn,
on the authority of one of the leading
London booksellers, that the best selling
work of fiction at the present moment is
George Lorimer's "Letters from a Self
made Merchant to His Son."
There is not a little wonder expressed
in many quarters at the high price of £1000
($5000) which has been paid by the Burns
Monument and Cottages Trustees for the
copy in Jhe best state known of the Kll
marnock Burns. The Lamb copy, which
was sold in 1837 for £572 (CS60). was hith
erto the highest price.
This copy; bought from G. S. Veltch of
Paisley, has the label on the back and la
in every way faultless. Mr. Veitch pur
chased it for £ip ($50). It appears a copy
could be had in the early fifties for on**
shilling. That was the price paid by
James Stillle for one purchased at a sale
at Lelth. William Pickering paid £5 (%Z\}
for a copy. One was catalogued in 1S70
for eighteen guineas ($34 50).
A romance of Alexandria in its early
days will be published in the autumn by
Fisher Unwin. The title Is "Tychiade3, a
Tale of the Ptolemies." The book pro
fesses to be a volume out of the famous
Alexandrian Library, preserved through
the vicissitudes of time down to the pres
ent day. The hero is a young Asiatic
Greek, who makes a journey to IIellopoli3
in the hope of solving the riddle of exis
tence, carrying with him a chest contain
ing manuscripts. On setting foot in Alex
andria he provokes excitement in the
breasts of many citizens, for It is believed
he is in possession of priceless manu
scripts of Ari3totle. Attempts are made
to waylay him. He, reaches Heliopolls in
circumstances very' different from those
which he had dreamed. Interwoven with
the story is a mass of historical Informa
tion.
m)HN COLEMAN has written a
biography of Charles Reade, whom
he knew Intimately. For that rea
son it will have a personal touch
and many reminiscences of the
qjr novelist. His books still sell well,
but of the man himself the younger gen
eration has perhaps little knowledge.
Mr. Coleman's book, which Messrs. Tre
hane are to oublish, will be illustrated.
Publishers are very chary of making
any official announcements as to their
forthcoming lists of autumn publishing,
but the following notes will be found
interesting:
William Le Queux has a story on hand
for early publication, entitled "The
Twickencote Treasure." Messrs. Newnes
are to publish it within a month's time.
Mr. Murray has^a number of interest
ing books forthcoming. The "Personal
Reminiscences of the Duke of Welling
ton," by Francis, first Earl of Ellesmere.
edited by his daughter, tho Countess of
Stafford, include unpublished memoranda.
Mr. Murray has also in hand "Leaves
from the Diary of a Soldier and Sports
man," during a varied course of service,
from 18G5 to 18S5. This i3 by Lieutenant
General Sir Montagu Gerard.
Messrs. Longman have in hand an inter
esting book by Julian S. Corbett, entitled
"England in the Mediterranean," which
several papers have already speculated
on. It is definitely settled that this book
will see the light during the autumn pub
lishing. The same firm will also publish
this autumn "The Valet's Tragedy, and
Other Studies in Secret History," by An
drew Lang, and "A Queen of Tears — Caro
line Matilda," by W. H. "Wllkins, In which
the short life of the younger sister of
George III will be examined.
SHOWING HOW THE LARGEST OF LAKE BUILT STEAMSHIPS ARE
TAKEN TO TIDE WATER IN SECTIONS AND A FOOT CYCLE DE
SIGNED. BY A GERMAN INVENTOR.
WELL KNOWN NOVELIST. THE SUBJECT OF A NEW BIOGRAPHY
CONTAINING MANY REMINISCENCES OF A WRITER WHOSE
BOOKS ARE STILL WIDELY READ IN THIS COUNTRY.
CERTAIN walking delegates or other agents of labor unions in New York have, been con
victed of. betraying the trust of the unions and of obtaining and converting to their own
use large sums of money obtained from business men nominally for the purpose of pre
venting or settling strikes. The^evjdence given in court has been somewhat sensational,
and naturally has been the subject of a/gqQd deal of District Attorney Jerome, as his
contribution to the subject, has said that the' practices v of the convicted labor men are not dissimilar
to those of the average politician, or the average business man ; and has thereby not only given occa
sion for more talk, but has infused the controversy with a good deal of heat.
In the course of his statement the District Attorney said : "Everybody who has studied public
life has been appalled at its corruption.. There.is a general belief that every State Legislature and
the national Legislature are given to 'grafting. 5 ! It*is felt that 1 they are actuated by other than pure
motives. Why should public life be so debauched? ,1 have come to the conclusion that it is only a
reflection of private life. There is 'grafting' everywhere.. I know a man who said he would furnish all
the lubricating oil used on the railroad systems of the country, and warrant that it 1 should be up to
the standard, and pay a lump sum of $50,000 for ; the contract, charging only 75 per cent of what the
roads now pay. This so'rt of tiling runs through everything, high and low." v
Within certain limits Mr. Jerome's statement must be accepted as true. The walking delegates
who extracted/or perhaps extorted, large sums of money from business men under threat of calling
out their employes were engaged in a practice not dissimilar to that of ( the high Postoffice officials of
whose offenses we have been hearing so much of late; and the postal officials can doubtless defend
their conduct by citing a host of not dissimilar practices among business men. Still when all that
has been conceded there will remain ample ground for disputing the assertion that "grafting prevails
everywhere."
Byron has told 'us that doctors and lawyers see only the worst side of life; . and Jerome, as
District Attorney of New York, has seen a 'particularly bad side of it. The grafter bears about the
same relation to politics and to business that a parasite bears to the animal it preys upon. A vig
orous life like that of the United States doubtless sustains many grafters, but they are not numerous
enough, nor capacious enough, to seriously-hurt any important part of the social organism. In labor
unions, in politics and in business the grafter is an exception to tlie rule of American life. Should it
ever become otherwise, this country will become as one of the republics of South America.
THE PRACTICE OF GRAFTING.
AN interesting sign of the times is the attack on Booker. Washington in a negro meeting in
Boston. He was present to advise the members of his race on the lines of his well-known
philosophy of their needs. He has been heretofore ¦ antagonized by negro lawyers and
preachers, who assail his ideas of industrial development, and who assume that their race
has already, as a body, taken all the steps intermediate between the lowest barbarism and the high
est civilization. -
This assumption is at variance with the facts, and is intended to cut the ground from under
Washington's plans. He appreciates fully the backward state of the negro, intellectually, morally and
industrially. He is much wiser in dealing with the negro than our Government has been in dealing
with the Indian. The Government and certain religious bodies have assumed that it is only neces
sary to teach Indians - algebra and catechism, and presto! they step from blankets into breeches,
and are civilized, when in truth their condition is \vorse than before. .'¦
The regeneration and progress, of a race begins with industrial capacity to supply its wants
on a constantly increasing scale. 1 As Washington says, the negro must be taught to earn and save
until he can afford a better shelter than a house of one room. With more rooms come more wants,
taxing his skill to earn what will supply them. As his wants multiply he is advancing in civilization,
ind has a motive for increasing his skill and earning capacity, and the thrift which economizes
what he earns. *
It may seem strange to say that energetic and evey violent opposition by negroes to Wash
ington's ideas is a hopeful sign, but it is. ' The hardest, task among men is to get 'them to think.
They would better begin thinking wrong than not think at all. It is better that the negroes should
divide into parties upon the issues presented by Washington, for a solution will come sooner by
division than by a unity which would permit Booker Washington to do all the thinking for the race,
while the rest blindly and submissively followed his lead. Already negroes are in hot discussion over
the Boston outbreak. Those who justify it have to do some thinking for reasons to sustain their posi
tion, and those who deprecate it also have to think. As Booker Washington is right by all the
known standards, all thinking adds to his followers. It must be a very- besotted . negro who would
not rather have a house of many rooms than of one. It must be a very low negro who would not
rather have comfortable clothes, good food, regular meals, a home of his own and feel the pride of
a parent in the better prospects of his children, than be a vagabond..^
If the ideas o.f Washington are rejected by his race, and it prove unsusceptible of receiving
what they offer, then its fate is sealed. It has no. higher destiny before it than some form of servitude.
As far as its future in this country is concerned in such case, it must be deported or exterminated.
This may seem harsh, but it is said in the belief that the race is rightly judged by Booker Wash
ington to be capable of something better. Its most virulent enemy, Senator Tillman, admits this;
by insisting that the negro shall not have any education, industrial or scholastic. If he be incapable
of receiving, assimilating or benefiting by either, there is no need to deny him that which he cannot
use. So Tillman admits the possibilities in Washington's methods.
The Boston negroes and all others who oppose Washington will perhaps observe that they are
on Tillman's side, and that eruptive person will have occasion, later on, to boast that liis followers
are among the most backward and reactionary of the negroes. We incline to the opinion that Wash
ington and his negroes will finally overcome Tillman and his niggers.
ISTEGHE^O ATTACK O2& 'VT'ASHIlSrQTOlSr.
THE SAN EJAMCISCO CALL.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .... j. •;. ... ,. ¦¦>•¦. ... .; Address Commmiications to.W.'S. LEAKE, Hanager
SUNDAY... ....:..>.........>.......;.:...... .......................... .......... .....*AUGU~ST o, 1003
Publication Office <t^^^^^> 4 Third and Market Streets, S. P.
JOHN COLEMAN'S LIFE OF
CHARLES READE
WILL SOON APPEAR
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9;, 1903.
INLAND SHIPBUILDERS
DELIVER OCEAN
LINERS IN SECTIONS
30
The English postofflce gives twenty per
cent better speed In delivering parcel*
than the private- carriers, and at a cost
of , eiz . cents for., one pound, eight . cents
for two pound* and twenty-four cents for
eleven pounds.
Special Information supplied dally, to
business nouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali-
fornia, street. • Telephone Main 1042. •
" Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound. In artistic flre-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends, 715 Market at., above Call bide. •
Look out for 81 Fourth (front of barber,
grocer); best eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 50c. •
% ' AD^XBTISEHEl^S.
/\ ROmAINCE OF THE OLD U/EST Q
THE . ' • - 1
LIOINS ¦oF^j
5/ HARRY LEON WILSON $
AUTHOR OF "THE SPENDERS" S
THE BROOKLYN S T. LOUIS REPUBLIC: g
, DAILY EAGLE: "The reader who begins "The Lions of §
" 'The Lions of the Lord' Is an lm- the Lord " wiu <* rtalnI y finish it. There's g
mensely impressive story. Without af- a tragedy at the elose. the Inexorable
fectation. without strain, without carl- tragedy of Joel Rae's life, but there's £
cature. It affords a picture of the flight aIso one ot the prettiest of love-story g
into the wilderness, and of the mpn wh« •_, .. » •.. O
converted that flight into a pSposIfS haPPy 'V^f * T * Tt' a *
and ultimately triumphant coTueS bcx ptay. Tobb. Locblwrar In • «y to g
.hich has not hitherto beea^uS £T£ *" |
THE BOSTON bTy constructed, and there Is real rital- §
, - TRANSCRIPT: " y ta peopIe -' §
"Heretofore no novel has dealt so vl- PHILA. PU BLIC LEDGER: g
tally with the history, the scenes and "Certainly much has been written re- S
the characters ofMormonism. and no gardlng the Mormons, but no writer S
predecessor has so clearly struck tho has before turned out a book which so g
keynote of ita comedy as well as Its cleverly combines historical record with g
fearsome tragedy. Joel R ae . th< ; hero> weU . wrltte n fiction." . &
is one that may not soon be forgotten." Postpaid. $1 60. g
LOTHROF* PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON gTUXPAM. Mexico. Aug. 8.-The Colima
volcano remains In a violent state of
activity. The eruption yesterday was of
! a maximum force hitherto not reached.
f Great clouds of ' smoke poured from , the
t crater, but no ashes fell. No . casualties
'• are report ed.-
Violent Activity of Colima.
Beunion of the Seventh.
SAN TMEGO,' Aug. '. 8.— The reunion of
the Seventh Regiment Veterans' Associa
tion was the principal event at Camp Last
to^ay. The society includes all who
were members of • the regiment when It
wasatNthe Presidio In' $an Francisco
awaiting! the order to go to the Philip
pines, ¦', which', never ."'came.'"
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio. Aug. 8.-John W
Bookwalter of this city Is a candidate
for United States Senator, to succeed Sen
ator Hanna. This announcement was
made to-day by Harvey Gerber chair
man of the "Big Five" organizing com
mittee. - „'¦
After Senator Hanna's Seat.
PHOENIX. Arte., Aug. 8.-a! vote was
taken yesterday on a local option meas
ure, embracing the greater part of thi«i
county, outside of Phoenix, Temne and
Mesa City, the three incorporated towns
There were twenty precincts, and returns
are in from all but one. It is believed
the measure has the necessary two-thirds
vote, but it is so close it will require re
turns from the other precinct to deter
mine It. The same measure was voted
on two years ago and carried, but tha
courts decided the election, null.
Vote Upon Local Option.
FLAGSTAFF. Aria., Aug. 8.— On July 27,
Charles McLain and H. H. McGonlgle of
Flagstaff, in the employ of the Canyon
Electric Power Company, left Cameron's
Camp, at Indian Gardens, in the Grand
Canyon, with the intention of crossing
the Colorado River to their camp on the
north side. This was the last seen of
them. Falling to return ' to the Indian
Gardens at the time agreed upon, it was
thought something had happened, and on
Wednesday, the 29th, N. J. Cameron^and
K D. Boucher started to search for them.
A trail was found on the- river's edge
where the men had launched their boat.
The search was kept up, however, in the
hope that the men had made a landing
farther down the river, and dynamite was
exploded frequently tn the hope of at
tracting their attention If they were still
alive.
On Monday of this week, Julius Aubl
neau and George McGonlgle of Flagstaff,
& brother of one : of the missing men,
reached the canyon with & boat and on
Wednesday the searching party crossed
the river, hoping that the men had
reached the north side. No sign was
found to show they had made a landing,
and all hoDe was abandoned. All the
searching parties returned here last
night . V
Fail to Return to Their
Camp in the Grand
Canyon.
FLAGSTAFF MEN
ARE GIVEN UP
A number of the selected victims met
yesterday afternoon and discussed the
matter. One janitor who has been em
ployed In the hall for many years an
nounced that he had signed the subscript
tion list under duress, but he would-be
hanged before he would turn over t"> 50 tr»
help any politician. •
It is reported that George Herders, one
bf Michael Casey's satellites, has been
among the janitors and has secured sub
scriptions amounting to $2 50 from many
of them. The janitors fear to refuse Har
ders. because they believe that Commis
sioner Michael Casey will take their Jobs
away, f
The Janitors employed at the City Hall
have raised a howl against certain poli
ticians In the municipal building who are
trying to compel them to subscribe money
to aid Michael Casey's county commit
tee. Numerous complaints have been
made by the men who wield brooms and
dust pans, and it is likely that an inves
tigation will be held.
ASSESSING JANITORS.
Casey's Lieutenant Attempts to Col
lect From Municipal Employes.
of the steamer North Pacific, which went
on the rocks In a fog off Marrowstose
Point July 19. and was a total loss. Cap
tain Ous Soderman, master of the vessel,
is found guilty of handling tha steamer
in an unseamanJike manner, and his li
cense as master Is suspended for a period
of nine months.
SEATTLE, Aug. 8.— The board of In
quiry, composed of B. B. Whitney, United
States Inspector of Hulls, and Robert A.
Turner, United States Inspector of Ma
rine Boilers, to-day rendered its decision
in the investigation concerning the loss
Ship's Captain looses License.
Southern Tennis Champions.
. LOS ANGELES, Aug. 8. — The nine
teenth annual -tournament of the
Southern California Tennis Association
closed to-day. * The finals in mixed
doubles, men's doubles and consolation
singles were played off. J, Daily of San
Francisco and A. Bell played an exhi
bition game. Results; Mixed doubles —
A. C. Way and May Sutton beat A. Bell
and Miss Dobbins, 6-4, 6-1. Men's
doubles — Way, and BeU beat Overton
and Cravens, 6-2, 6-1, 4-6, 6-3. Conso^
lation singles — Bundy beat Gorham,
6-4. 6-2, 4-6, 7-5.
Walter Egan Is Western Champion.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Aug. 8. — Walter
Egan of Exmoor defeated the 1902 golf
champion, H. Chandler Egan, in the
Western championship, which ended to
day, but it took 37 holes of golf to do
it, and even then it wais by the»narrow
est margin of 1 up. The medal scores
for the 37 holes were: H. Chandler
Egan, 162; Walter Egan, 161.
Summons for a Duchess.
LONDON, Aujt. S.— A summons has b«en
l5sued against the Duchess of Marlbor
"'.i*rh for speeding an automobile.
WAT.T«A 'WATJ.A. Aug. 8.— Becausa he
refused to step fighting with another con
vict when ordered Edward Bloon was
Ehot below the eplna by Guard James
I^orle. The Incident occurred last even
ing, but was suppressed by "Warden Dry
den until to-day. A mutinous ppirit has
been abroad among the convicts ever
plr.ee they got wind of the Folsorn, CaL,
;ail delivery, and to-day's shooting was
largely disciplinary. Bloon Is not serl
• "js!}- hurt.
With fighting, insubordination and at
tempted breaks tilings are lively at "Wash
ington's State penitentiary. A negTO a
f" day* ago chewed another convict's
far off. Trouble Is frequent and even
the mest cruel punishments seem to have
rio effecL
EpcciJj Dispatch fc» TS» Call
i It Is said of an Atchison man that he
reads a novel through every day of his
life. One of these days he will have to
have a guardian. You can soak a brain
Just so far with that sort of stuff before
it win burst.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. S.— Advices
from. Baku, South Russia, show that 43,
000 men were Involved In the strike which
commenced there on July 15 for an eight
hour day and an increase In wages. For
a week" the strikers were masters of the
situation in both the town and the naph
tha fields. Only 600 troops were avail
ableu For ten days Baku was without
tralcs and for several nights the town
was vritbout lights, while no newspapers
appeared.
There are how 6000 troops In Baku and
the police are making wholesale arrests
among the ctrikers. The companies are
ready to grant the demands of the men.
but the latter refuse to work until ma
terial guarantees are forthcoming.
STRIKERS RULE
RUSSIAN TOWN
CONVICTS SHOW
UNRULY TEMPER
The Democrats of the Forty-second Dis
trict held a social and concert last even-
Ing at Saratoga Hall. Sol Magner pre
sided and was assisted by Secretary E. P.
Ferguson. During the evening a speech
was made by J. J. Kennedy. There was
an attractive musal programme and re
freshments were passed around the hall
The Independent Republican Club of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District held a
meeting at Twin Peaks Hall last evening
The meeting was called to order by J. M
Newbert, president of the club, and H. P-
Coles presided. Colonel T. V. Eddy, D. B.
Bowley and others made speeches of in
terest on campaign matters.
The Independent Republican Clui> of the
Forty-first District held a meeting last
night at Steimke Hall which was largely
attended. Addresses were made by Shel
don G. Kellogg, Charles A. Murdock
Colonel J. a Currier. J. \V. Collins, Henry
C. Dibble and others and there was much
enthusiasm. Everybody expressed con
fidence that the ticket which has been
put up in combination with prominent
members of the Horace Davis Club will
carry the district Mr. Murdock and
Colonel Currier are also on the- United
Republican League ticket, but they said
in their speeches that they would support
the whole ticket of the Independent Re
publican Club.
CLUBS ABE ACTIVE.
Your co-operation in these matters will be
appreciated by this department. Tours re
spectfully. THOMAS J. WALSH.
Registrar of Voters.
Registrar "Walsh yesterday sent the fol
lowing communication to Chief; of Police
M'ittman regarding the observance of the
election laws:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 7. 1903.
George W. Wittman Esq.. Chief of Police —
Dear Sir: From experience gained during the
last two primary elections, it has been plain
that In some cases police officers have been
unaware of th« fact that the general election
laws, with all penalties for infraction, are in
full force and effect at all primary elections
in this city. I therefore desire to have you
call the attention of the men detailed for duty
on next Tuesday. August 11. to the necessity
of a strict observance of the law, to the end
that each and every citizen desiring to par
ticipate tn the primary election will be af
forded an opportunity to freely express his
choice and be protected from any interfer
ence, especially within th« 100-foot line.
This last named provision of the election law
has probably been violated more than any
other, and Its strict observance will conduce
to an orderly election.
Tuesday. August 1L the day of the pri
mary election, will* be a holiday in San
Francisco. Yesterday Mayor Schmitz
issued this proclamation:
To the Electors of the City and County of
San Francisco: Your attention is respectfully
directed to Ordinance No. 324. declaring day*
upon which primary elections are held within
the city and county of San Francisco holidays
within said city and county.
S&Jd ordinance was passed by the Board of
Supervisors of this city and county and ap
proved Jury 1&, 1001, pursuant to the pro
visions of an act of the Legislature of the
State of California, appreved March 23, 1001,
entitled, "An act authorizing Boards of Suprrl
vigors or other governing bodies of munici
palities to declare holidays."
E» K. SCHMITZ. Mayor.
PB0CLAIMS A HOLIDAY.
We appeal to all fair-minded Republicans to
votr the ticket presented by th« United Repub
lican league- clubs in their respective Assem
bly districts, and once and for all destroy In
tli* Republican party Kelly. Kellytsm and all
that they stand for.
UNITED REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
A. P. WILLIAMS, President.
J. STEPPACHER, Secretary.
The United Republican League stands for
everything which Martin Kelly is not anJ for
nothing which Martin Kelly Is, and Its dele
gates are pledged against him and his kttid of
politics and are otherwise absolutely free, un
tramtneled and unpledged. They are not com
mitted or pledged to any candidate for any of
fice whatever, nor to any man or set of men.
The object of the United Republican League
is to unify on a solid and decent basis. every
element fcf the Republican party in the inter
eft of a sound, honest and businesslike admin
istration of our governmental affairs.
This i» the same Martin Kelly whose par
ticipation heretofore In Hepuullcan politics has
drawn from the party many an apology and
brought ur>on n. many a defeat; the Mnrtin
Kelly whose name is a synonym of corruption
and of everything that is vile In politics, and
whoee elimination and suppression from all
pretension to leadership is one r>t the objects
for which the United Kepubi'.can I>agua was
organised. If his name appeared on all the
circulars there would be no need thus to call
attention to the matter, but in several of the
districts h» has in an endeavor to blind the
voter to its true- source and origin pot upon
his ticket the names of a few reputable m*n,
Kenerally without their consent, in the hope of
deceiving the people.
Who Kelly Is and what he represents need
not be further stated.
WARNING TO REPUBUCANS— The noto
rious Martin Kelley Is mailing broadcast a
circular beginning with the words. 'The Unit
ed Republican League la a conspiracy." and
remaining a tissue of absolute- lies.
The United Republican League has is
sued a warning as follows to the Re
publican voters of San Francisco- ',
United Republican League
Gives Plain Warning
to Voters.
According to Law Next
Tuesday Will Be a
Holiday.
PREPARATIONS
FOR ELECTION
THE SAF FEANCISCO CALL, SI3K DAY, AUGUST 9. 1903.
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DlcilllOflClS
Misrepresented
Beware of any one offering for »ale
stones and representing them V to be
equally as good as Sapph Diamonds, or
trying: to Impress you with the idea#hat
they are my agents. I have but one
agency established on. the Pacific Coast,
124 Kearny street, where this gem is dem-
onstrated, side by side with genuine dia-
monds. No electric lights used in dem-
onstrating this wonder of all Inventions.
They possess a phenomenal hardness and
are cut same as the genuine, producing
the same prismatic fire characteristic of
the : real product. Cleaned same as the
real. Guaf anteed for twenty-five years. '
Genuine diamonds at London prices. Cat-
alogues. •." * v
J. C. DAVIDSON
"World's Greatest Diamond Imitator. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
$3,200 CASH GIVENAWAY
To Test Advertising Value of the Various San
Francisco Papers.
=CUT this niiT -
To-inorrow moraine we commence our second newspaper advertising
test, and we will give away tha sum of threa thousand two hundred dol-
lars for this purpose, as against two thousand four hundred dollars which
we appropriated last year.
In publishing this proposition we have a two-fold purpose. The first to
Bee which caper Is entitled to the larcest share of our advertising" and
second, to crowd a heavy business Into an otherwise dull month.
Pcmraer-Eilers Music Co.'s methods oermlt of no midsivnmer dullness
Each succeeding montti so far has shown a marked Increase in sales over
each preceding month. August is considered the dullest month In the piano
business. Piano buying, always readily postponed. Is easily overlooked and
put off until later in the year.
Aujrust with us must be the banner month. Before next "Wednfisday
eight we propose to sell 133 strictly new. standard, fully -warranted pianos
and we propose to pay you handsomely to do business with us now.
We have set aside $2200 in cash for this purpose.
W> publish here a coupon. Cut this out and bring It with you. After
you have selected your piano our cashier will give you the .money for it !
enough to pay fcr one-tenth the amount of any piano you select out of our
regular stock.
If you live out of town send the coupon In by registered mall, and ask
for prices and catalogues. If received before Saturday night It will be ac-
cepted and applied on any piano you may decide to purchase.
Cut this out. 8 9,03. CalL 53200
POMMER.EILERS MUSIC CO. (Inc.)
ADVERTISING TEST COUPON
This Coupon will be accepted toy Pommer-Eilers Music Co. at
our Saa Francisco retail aale«room« If presented before 10 o'clock
Saturday erealagr, Auarust 15th, 1903. and is good for a ea«h pay-
meat e^u&l to cne-testa of the purchase price of any piano in our
stock.
Note:
W« agree to accept this coupon exactly the same as cash on
a p.ano or organ, and monthly or weekly payments for the balance
rnay b« arranged to suit the convenience of any reasonable buyer.
Delivery or instrument will be made immediately, or at any time
in the future. ,
PLEASE BEAR IN MIND THE CUT PRICES
Remember this is a straightforward proposition, made for the purpose -
of making August the biggest month in point of sales; also to enable us to
ascertain which is the most widely read paper.
The low special prices that have proven such a revelation to California
piano buyers, prices that are practically what dealers or agents pay whole-
sale for their pianos, will prevail during this sale.
THE FINEST PIANOS INCLUDED
Th^, fc^ cm . 0St u an 1 J ver , } t' £ cst of Am erican pianos, such as the now fa-
mous Kimball. the old reliable Decker, the beautiful and exclusive Hazel-
ton, the Crown Orchestral, and 22 other various makes, are included in this
Bale.
Every piano is marked in plain figures; no more is asked, no less ac-
cepted. A child is able to buy of us as advantageously as can the shrewd-
est shopper.
LOOK AT THESE PRICES:
Here are a few of the prices: Pianos for which vou are expected to pay
from SZS to $275 elsewhere can be secured now at Pommer-Eilers* for $213
and S22S. These instruments are first class pianos, fully warranted in every
respect. Payments of $8 a month buys them.
Instruments that are usually sold for $230 and $273 are retailed now by
us for $1%8. and some plainer, yet very desirable styles, go now for $148 and
$357. Others as low as $123. Payments of $6 a month buys them.
Beautiful hand-carved exquisitely cased Orchestral Grand upright pianos
that cannot be bought elsewhere for less than $000 and $650, the most costly
und most valuable pianos made in America, finer than which no dealer
ran supply them, are now $2S6 and $41S. Payments of $12 a -month buys '
them.
Organs range in price from $43 to $115. according to works style and
design. Payments of $3 a month for the most expensive styles and $4 a
month for the cheaper styles buys them.
THE COUPON PAYS ONE-TENTH
Remrmb^r that the above coupon pays 10 per cent or one-tenth of the
total amount of any instrument you select, and the remainder may be
paid in cash or In monthly payments, as above described.
Do rot fail to look at the line of pianos that are now offered on pay-
ments of $1.50 a week. '
Why rent a piano? Make small weekly paynlents and own a fine new,
warranted piano.
Remember, too. that you arc dealing with a thoroughly established, .
financially responsible concern. We have now three thousand satisfied cus-
tomers who have bought pianos of us during the past fifteen months. We
guaranty absolute satisfaction in every, instance, or no sale.
COME EARLY— STORE TO BE OPEN EVENINGS
These coupons air good for next week only. Come early to-morrow
morning If you can and secure the choicest of the 135 pianos included In'
• his fair.
Call in the evening if you cannot come in the daytime Store Is to be
k*'pt- open evrrv evening until 10 o'clock during this advertising test.
Remember the number, C3 Market street.
POMMER-KIkERS MUSIC CO., California's busiest and best store. Op-"
p.c'to Lotta's Fountain. HS9I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/
ANNOUNCES THE ARRIVAL OF
FALL STYLES
IN RELIABLY MADE,
FINELY TAILORED
WALKING M» DRESS SUITS
COMPRISING ALL THE
FASHIONABLE MATERIALS "
AND NEW MANNISH FABRICS.
ORIGINAL DESIGNS
IN NOVEL, 3
UP-TO-DATE EFFECTS.
+-* ,,^^ . . .
/ Cor.PostsKearny Sts.
wwJW _V' \ ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
fMBwk A iiib \1 on our goods. Every article f/^f lllMJkMll:
?f a Bed, Spring and Mattress /f%^^^^^^^
i a An excellent enameled bed. Good spring and top mat- 0/? "7 tZ \m l^ffi"^* IsM
J^ a You may need extra bedroom furniture for friends comins: to the encamp- • ||s| ililjf-
\ ment. This is your opportunity — do not fail to take advantage of it. /Jiff " r " iiiffi'
Golden Oak or Birdseye Maple. Has SftSl <k £Mfia la kS HI War- Hi «^HIj T' 1C embodiment of comfort. Oak or
bevel French plate mirror, with ¦PSfojQvpUfla.lBiL v§*3& wlg<4 JR rlffi^ mahogany finish. Reversible velour
swan's neck support. Gracefully T^yfeggf WiUriWHito K#*^ **»** cushions. Back adjustable to four
curved legs. An exceptionally artistic • w^ positions. Price QC ye
piece highly polished. $J^Q TAPESTRY CARPETS-? ea "tiful new patterns, a qual- 0O>/ °
••"¦ j ty . t^ at w jjj g j ve a b so ] u t e r q ¦
; in , ¦ ' satisfaction. Per yard */*' 4 o
TAPESTRY CARPET-Copies of Body Brussels designs; fe^HSf
•'JKSHiS - a lar Se range of patterns to c r^ Pmiffl
choose from, many of them exclusive. Price per yard. . OJC 1 II g • _•
I^^^^^^^^^H BODY BRUSSELS-- Desi s ns ° f unusual beaut y- No car- | j?
f^ ifflftiiil fll wonderful weave to wear. P-rice per yard 4>l«V/f /;2 | it a
l! BH II AX^ INSTERCARPET "'fange^Srn"nyoHhlt
1W iH exclusive, fine deep pile, exquisite coloring, soft and tfM 3c.
|| i |S delightful to the tread. Sewed,' laid and lined, per yard *pi»OD
In JMMO£>Ji LINOLEUM-- Made of best linseec ? oil and pulverized cork- A T^sEzEfyl
lav gj M—^ la Nothing goes further toward brightening a room than a Rood rug. We JT jLJT^ V^
K&— H Jg have them in an endless variety, with prices within the reach of every | |
Bi- — QMYRWA-RIlft^—Reversible, fringed both ends. QC/»^'-
Tabourette *>MYKNA KUli^ 95c
Well made. Either oak or mahogany SMYRNA " RUOS-^^te, fringed both ends. JJ gg Selected Oak./ri^dly made. Braced
finish; has beaded top; shaped legs; 30x60 each h»*.v^ back; cane seat Prctti i y carved.
' :* id . n !. b ™" d : . 'MM ¦ ¦ 65c SMYRNA RUQS~££ ar ?achT E . !° $14.75 ™f .""!^ p . r i M :r. h -.v.v.v:. 95c
CORDES FURNITURE CO.
245=259 GEARY ST., i On the Square
j Autumn Styles
O . T^ 4 k t -4
; Eany Arrivals
• New Tailor-Made Suits $6.50 to 845.00
• New Silk Coats $6.00 to $30.00
•., New Cloth and Velvet Coats for Children, from 4 to
§ 14 years . .$3.50 to $15.00 each
8 Ladies' and Misses' Tailor-Made Cloth Skirts
8 ..: $1.50 to $20.00 each
8 ' -, ¦ — > : — , '
| 1 Great Special Suit Sale
• . ¦ • , •¦
• 50 Stylish- Suits, odd sizes, assorted colors, worth
• from $12.00 to $18.00; ( sale price $6.50
1 5^5^^^
8 H42-H46 MARKET STREET.
<999999eeo9eooe**ooo<»eod«ee3e99oeoooeooeeoooLIEUTENANT GENERAL NELSON A. MILES, WHO RELINQUISHED
YESTERDAY THE COMMAND OF THE ARMY, RETIRING AFTER
CONTINUOUS SERVICE SINCE BEGINNING OF THE CIVIL WAR.
Camp Stone Ready /or Soldier Boys.
SANTA CRUZ. Av«r. S.— The tents at
Camp Stone are in portion and ready for
Trapper's Oil cures r^eomatlstn and neumlgtsv
Crui-ff :sit. 50c Cask K !<-. lard * Co.. 406 Clay. *
VALLEJO. Aug. y.— The report that the
Pacific squadron would return to San
F"ran«~isco about the middle of this month
is erroneous, orders having been received
Jure to ship all stores for the Concord,
Bpnningtcn. Marfctehead and New York
to the Puget Sorj^d navy yard for deliv
ery to thf> vessels ivhcn they touch there
en the 13th inst. V:
Pacific Sq'iadron "Will Not Return.
(T -r»- pASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— At 13
\\ y\ /o'clock to-day Lieutenant Gen
\f\V *ral Young issued an order In
» V accordance* with the order of
the President assuming com
mand of the United States army: Pre
vfously General Young had taken the
oath of office in the^Var Department. At
10:30 o'clock under an order issued by
Adjutant General Corbln the officers of
the army in Washington, including also
those at Fort Meyer, Va., assembled at
the army headquarters and paid their
respects to the lieutenant general. Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles. General Miles ar
rived in an undress 1 coat with no emblems
showing his rank, but with the coat of
arms on his shoulders,- such as is now
prescribed to be worn' by all officers.
General Young appeared with* the three
stars- of the rank of lieutenant general,
although he did not actually become lieu
tenant general until noon. " The officers
were presented to General Miles by Gen
eral Corbln and also were presented to
General Young.
General Miles will leave to-morrow
morning for San Francisco to attend the
annual encampment of the Grand Army
of the Republic. The clerks In the of
fice of General Miles presented him with
a handsome silver loving cup and a large
vase of. flowers.
General Miles, accompanied by his .mll-
Get the genuine Bank Stock paper. Mysell-
RoIUds, 22 Clay, sell tons. Phone Main 5051. •
¦¦¦ m:rz; ¦-'."-". v • ¦¦.-. .; ;
James Fraser. .cook on the British shlp.Ach
nasle, lying at . Martinez, fell overboard yes
terday and was ; drowned. A boat was. lowered
and} for several hours Captain -Longmulr and
his men searched for the body, but failed to
find it. Frasor was a native of Scotland, 25
years of «jre. . • , ,-'< ' ".
Cook Drowned at Martinez.
Miss Luclle. ¦. the milliner, now In New
York en route home from Paris, has as
sociated herself with .the? Vogue Cloak
and Fur Company, 217 Grant avenue, and
will hereafter have charge of their milli
nery department. She is expected home
shortly. ' .-. ¦¦ BEoS ' *
Miss Lucile Engaged.
SAN JOSE KEPUBLICANS
PREPARE FOR CAMPAIGN
Prominent : Citizens of Garden City
Join Kecently Organized Union
League Club. •.
..SAN JOSE, Aug. 8.— The' Union League
Republican Club, which was recently or
ganized with a ' hope of harmonizing the
Republican factions of this . city, la mak
ing rapid headway. Under the direction
of President H. J. Edwards, a vigorous
campaign for members is . being carried
on. At a meeting held last night twenty
nine ! new names were - added to ¦¦ the roll,
making a total membership* of -150. 'The
most, prominent citizens of the city have
joined the ' club. Besides burying the
hatchets that have been flourished in the
Republican camp, the league will work
for a better and stancher Republican
party in the county and the upbuilding of
the city.' ' Secretary, V Michel tree of Palo
Alto has been instructed to; issue 3000
circulars setting forth the purposes of .the
league and soliciting memberships.' Presi
dent Edwards and a committee are ¦ to
name the fifteen trustees at the next
meeting of the club.
* Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & B|uth. Bekin's, XI Moatgomery sU»
Despite his 64 years of age and his long
term of service, General Miles is still a
man of much vigor, as was lately demon
strated by his making a horseback jour
ney of ninety miles In eight hours.
He commanded the army during the war
with Spain in 1898 and had personal charge
of the expedition for the capture of Porto
Rico, which was quickly effected with
little or no loss. ,
In 1869 he was transferred to the Fifth
Infantry, and. December 15, 1SS0, made
brigadier-general. April 5, 1S90, he became
major-general, and October 5, 1865, he suc
ceeded to the command of the army. He
was made lieutenant-general June 6, 1900.
General Miles conducted several very
successful campaigns against hostile In
dians In the West, notably against the
Apaches under Geromlno and Natchez,
whom he finally compelled to surrender in
1SS6. He commanded the United States
troops in service in Chicago during the
great railway strike of 1894, and did much
to restore order on that occasion. •
He represented the United States army
at* the seat of Turco-Greclan war of 1S97
and also at Queen Victoria's Diamond
Jubilee In June of the same year.
He was mustered out of the volunteer
service September 1, 1S66. and entered the
regular army, where he rose by regular
grades to the very top.
General Miles bore a gallant part in all
of the heavy battles in which the Army
of the Potomac was engaged, except one.
and was twice severely wounded. Before
he was quite 25 years of age he was com
manding one of Grant's army corps.
In 1S66 he was made colonel of the
Fortieth Infantry. March 2. lao/. he was
brevetted brigadier-general of the United
States army -for. gallant and meritorious
service at the batt^ of Chancellorsvllle.
Va., in 1863. and major-general for same
service at Spottsylvania Courthouse. Va..
in . 1864, receiving . a medal of honor for
gallantry In connection- with the first
brevet.
General Nelson Appleton Miles was
born at Westminster, Mass., August 8.
1839, and began the forty-two years of
service, which closed by his retirement
yesterday as captain In the Twe«ty-sec
ond Regiment. Massachusetts Volun
teers. September* 9, 1S61. May 31. 1862, he
was made lieutenant-colonel of the
Sixty-first New York Volunteers, and In
September 30 following colonel of that
regiment.
May 12. 1861, h© was made brigadier
general for distinguished services during
the battles of the Old Wilderness and
Spottsylvanla Courthouse. On August 25,
1864. he was brevetted major-general of
volunteers for highly meritorious and dis
tinguished conduct throughout that
memorable campaign, and , particularly
for gallantry and valuable service at the
battle of Reams Station. Va. October 21.
1865, he was commissioned as major-gen
eral of volunteers. r '.'
BBILLIANT WAB RECORD.
At a given signal the model was dis
patched on its voyage. A better launch
ing could not have been desired. The
Smithsonian scientists believed that the
highest hopes .were about to be realized,
but after the first few seconds of flight
the wings were deflected and the flying
machine went downward until Its course
was ended on the mud bottom of the Po
tomac. She was traveling at a velocity
of about forty miles an l^our. When the
machine was raised from the water a
workman attempted to cover it with a
cloth, but for a long time was unable to
do so. Its mechanism and dimensions .were
plainly seen. It was equipped with four
wings, two on each side, about four by six
feet, made of the finest oil silk, and held
upon delicate . wooden rods. The wings
were shaped like a tent." /The body con
sisted of an Intricate arrangement of
fine steel rods with cylinders, motor and
boilers carefully balanced. Between the*
two sets of wings were situated the pro
pellers, two In number, equipped with two
blades. The steering gear was situated
at the rear and was constructed from ma
terial like the" wings. The motor is sup
posed to generate something In excess of
two horsepower.
Several photographs were secured of the
machine In flight. The wind against which
It flew was blowing about four miles an
hour. After the experiment ; Asistant
Manley refused to make any statement
for publication.
WLN'DEWATER, Va., Aug. 8.— A partly
successful experiment with th© ¦fifteen
foot'Langley airship was made to-day
from the houseboat in the Potomac River
off this point. The aero-drume, started
well In a straight line south with a veloc
ity of 700 feet per second and flew for a
distance variously estimated at from four
to 600 yards. Some deflections in the wind
soon after the launching caused It to take
a downward course, which. It followed
rapidly and was impelled into the water
under the full power, of her engine. There
was sufficient steam generated for a rapid
flight of a half or three-quarters of a mile.
Under the full pressure of this force the
machine struck the water and a moment
later had • disappeared from view. The
machine was recovered. It was consid
erably damaged.
The machine was removed to the house
boat, where extensive repairs will have to
be made before another test can be pulled
off. i V, : . r : i . ¦
Itary secretary, left the "War Department
a few minutes before 12 o'clock.
About th« time that General Miles "was
leaving the department Lieutenant Gen
eral Young,- accompanied by his aids,
came across from the War College office
and went Immediately to pay his respects
to Secretary Root. General Young to-day
was the recipient of a. large basket of
flowers sent by Mrs. Roosevelt.
Ends Its Flight on Mud
Bottom of the -^
Potomac. M
Wedding of Princess Alice.
BERLIN. Aug. 8.— According to the
Frankfort Generalanzeiger, the wedding
of Prince- Ajigus of Greece to- Princess
Alice of Battenburg will take place at
Darmstadt. October 17. The- rumor that
the wedding will be the occasion for. a
great gathering of crowned heads Is de
nied. ¦ ¦
LANGLEY AIRSHIP
DIVES INTO RIVER
the Second and Sixth regiments, which
will arrive here to-morrow. The camp
faces the beach. The Sixth Regiment
will be located nearer the river than the
Second, which will be in Dolphin Park.
Each company will have its own range
and cook. The space between the regt*
ments will be used for drilling.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY; AUGUST 9. 1903.
Relinquishes Gommand of the -Military Forces of the
United States to Yoiing and Will Leave Washington To-
Day for San Francisco to Attend G. A. R. Encampment
GENERAL MILES RETIRES
FROM ACTIVE ARMY LIFE
32
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NEW !
This week we will display our first
Importation of NEW SILKS for Fall, 1903,
and call particular attention to the following
special numhsrs,
20-inch COLORED PEAD DE FOIE, in a
full assortment of colors, Including- White
and Cream; T\v\n& 8Rn vr!
20-inch BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, all pure
silk and a veru heayu lustrous aualitD.
Price 75c yd.
21-inch COLORED SILK POPLINS (French
manufacture), in a complete assortment of
the latest shades, including Cream and
wm ' Price $1.00 yd.
100 pieces 19-inch COLORED TAFFETA
SILK, a veru heavu lustrous aualitu, one that
will give. good' wear, in complete assortment of
all the newest shades. Price 75c vd
We will also continue this week our
SPECIAL SALE OF LADIES' FINE MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR, consisting of gowns, chemises, -
skirts, corset-covers and drawers, handsomelu
trimmed. with lace and emhroideru» at EX-
CEEDINGLY LOW PRICES,
111, 113, 115, 117i 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. - •_ _ ' ' _^_
LAST WEEK OF
KAUFMANN'S CLEAN-UP
OF ODD SIZES
Still deeper cuts go into effect to-morrow morning. Time is get-
ting short. August 15 is only 6 days away. and we have yet several lines
to close out. It is square against our policy to begin a season burdened
\yith broken lines and odds and ends. Customers want to select from
lines that have every size and width. We don't want to use that familiar
talk, "We haven't your size in that." 1 We are in the odds and ends busi-
ness now, but we won't be after next Saturday vnight. come to-
morrow; your size and style won't Avait for you.
Ladies' Shoes 4§^!&~~^£m^^
Ladles' Colored Satin Slippers anrt Ox- ' m" 1 —
fords; narrow widths; broken lines only.
This Is the Slipper . illustrated above. ThHHron'e CHaac
The Clean-up price will be per O^r 0111101611 S OHOCS
pair Z£,tJ\* . ,
t ji . t.' < ¦»* c. ¦*» C Children's Button or "Lace Shoes, In vlci
1 .1 B "tton or Lace Shoes; French or kid, with patent leather, tips, or soft
leather heels; in black or tan; in small box calf; both" have extended soles and
sizes and narrow widths only; Kflr; pprlngr heels; sizes 5 to 8;. all widths.
Clean-up price per pair uvw This shoe is Illustrated above. QCtf>
Ladies' Oxfords, in vlci kid. with patent riie Clean-up price per, pair.... .OUW
S. er iV 5 "/ elth 5 r e .^ nded *f»« r Ji Rht Infants-Shoes, in tan and black: small
soles; all sizes and widths; <t| £\~ 8lze8 only; regular prices. 76c to «e=~
«ean-up price per pair.... €JHm\3tf -~$i.25; Clean-up price, per pair..^-OC
Ladles' three-strap slippers in vlci. or pat- Children's Shoes, made by Laird. Schober
ent kid with steel beads; also colonials in & Co.; sizes 2>4 to 6, with spring: heels;
all patent leather or gun metal; all sizes. sizes 5 to £, narrow widths only; regu-
Regular price $3.50 per pair, <PQ IBS lar prices, $1.00 to $2.50 per PZ.flr'
Clear.-up price V^tlO pair; Clean-up price cJUC
Ladles' Button and Lace Shoes, with heavy Children's Tan Shoes, in .button or lace;
or light soles; patent leather tips; every v } th extended soles and spring heels: all
pair Kuaranteed; all sizes and widths; spe 8 and widths; a good romping shoe;
Clean-up price per pair (() IE i 1 ?* 8 ..? to 8 i f *•<* a pair; sizes 8 to 11.
.... tj>^#lfj flJCua D»lr.
..................... . Little Gents' and Boys' Lace Shoes, in black
Ladles' Oxfords, in patent leather, vlci or tan: will stand strenuous wear; sizes
kid, box calf, tan or - enamel leather, 0 to 13, $1.1O a pair; sizes 13H to 2,
with - extended ¦ or hand-turned soles; fl.UO a pair; sizes 2%, to 5^5, fl.4O a
or French heels; all sizes; regu- pair. - • ' •; ' .
lar price. J3.50 per pair; CO d^ 8 and Youths* Oxfords," in fine vld kid,
Clean-up price ............. <J»A«v"tf . with extended soles; a neat dress shoe;
Ladles' Lace Shoes and Oxfords: made by 8lz e 8 » *<> 13; CTean-up price ffl QC
Laird. Schober & : Co; hand-sewed or per pair -.<P ¦•*»(*,
turned soles; military or French heel*: Boys'- Tan Lace Shoes; made for the boy
a good assortment; regular, prices, • $5.00 who Is hard on his shoes; sizes 13^4 to
and $0.50 per pair; CTean-upCO 85 ~' * t-3 ? a patr: slzes 2 H'to SVa. fl.GO
AH of our $5.00, $6.00 and $7.00 Men's High Grade Oxfords, In patent leather, enamel.
vicikld or velour calf; odd Sizes; Clean-up, price per pair i <CO WRT
Men's Shoes and* Oxfords, in patent leather, tan Russia,- box calf or enamel - r 4UO ' CttS.
all this season's best $3.50 goods; Clean-up. price,; per palr.v. .....;. tJ>^J.»v»O
Men's Oxfords and Shoes, in box calf or tan Russia, in , Goodyear Welt • 4£ O I CC
'Soles; very swell lasts; all sizes; Clean-up price per pair ....... - .^ tj>-<5»l«>
Men's Shoes, in lace ¦ g + ff \ \£v*\ A Men's' Tennis Shoes,
C o°nTyr S r : e K u°lir f| 1^1^ * fHIHflC . •» -hit. . or ,ray
prices, $3.50 to $7.00; WAT P o M M i nKr ,^ - - i\Tk canvas; both high
must - be closed out ; . : ¦ wT.: O3Z H AkACT ST.O.r , \m* and low; ' rubber
Clean-up . price " per -T^ 1 ¦¦ • '^mi'm ' soles: Clean-up price.
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
The Coat of Arms
in the days of chivalry represented the
qualities characteristic of the houso to
which it belonged. Tha trademark of
GEORGK MAYERLE represents the
HIGHEST OPTICAL SKiLL.
Chief Justice
And Ei-Governor Lord ef Ortgta
says: I have been using your glasses for
several years with great benefit to myself.
J take pleasure in bearing testimony to
their worth. My wife is equally well
pleased with her glasses. Tours truly.
"WILLIAM P. LORD.
ADMIRAL GEORGE DEWEY:
"I am still using with much satisfaction
- the glasses you sent me at Manila; also
the new ones suit my eyes perfectly."
GERM A E7E WATiK. 60a. £7 Mill. 82s.
A harmless, effectlvo rem-
edy, makes weak ey^s
"forg rUseaspd eyes well.
X<35$vSw THK GENUINE REARS
&{<£-'^>* THK TRADEMARK— AN
¦ EYE IN A CROWN— AND
THE SIGNATURE OF
GEORGE MAYERLE,
German Expert . Optician. Charter Member
American Association of Opticians.
1071 KAaXET ,T.. 8A> FRAUCISCO.
Opp. Callaghan Bid?.. Near 7th st.
Phone South 672.
." * Mail Orders Filled.
Skull Fractured by a Fall.
B. P. Kennedy of 121 Filbert street
was found lying unconscious on the side-
walk at Second and Howard streets at 5
o'cloclr yesterday morning. The pollca
sent iilm to tha Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Weyer found a fracture of tho
skull. After lying in tho hospital for sev-
eral hours he recovered sufficiently, to say
that he had been drinking and must hav«
fallen on the sidewalk. His injuries may
cause death.
APVZBTISiaiEins.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
We Offer Our Estlxo Extra Fine Col- '
lection of
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS I
!¦ At 25 Per Cent
' [ Discount from regnlar retail prices. , !
We are sole agent* for \
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S ;
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS:
Chas. M. Plum & Co. j
I ;; Cor. 9th and Market Sts. :;
|§ff| AUVEBTISEMEITTS. v
I y^^ T ft mmmMMtGCtSfES^w v r Fr^m i5^LrwJ!«
|/ Rashes, Heat, Perspiration, Lameness, and Soreness |
letics, no other application so soothing, cooling, and refresh- |
ing as a bath with CUTICURA SOAP followed by I
gentle anointings with CUTICURA, the great skin cure* i
No amount of persuasion can induce those who have once used these great skin pur!- 1
; fiers and bcautificrs to use any others for preserving, purifying, and beautifying* the skin, 1
ij scalp, hair, and hands. CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate emollient properties derived 1
E from CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleansing ingredients, and the i '
p most refreshing of flower odours. No other medicated soap is to be compared with it for 1
\\ preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign »
II or domestic ioilet soap, however expensive, zs to be compared with it for all the purposes
If of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE,
)\ the BEST skin and complexion soap, and the BEST toilet and baby soap in the world*
3 COMPLETE EXTERNAL AND INTERNAL TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR,
H Ccr.iist:=e of CUTICURA SOAP, to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and soften the thickened cuticle; CUTICURA OINT-
H MENT, to instantly allay itchia*, Inflammation, and irritation, Rad aoothe and heal; and CUTICURA RESOLVENT, to cool
E A&d cleanse the blood. A Sinele Set ia often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring, itchise, burning, and scaly skin,
H scalp, and blood humours, with loss of hair, when all else fails. Sold throughout the world. British Depot : P. NEWBERY
I) & SON S, 37-aS, Charterhouse Sq, London, E. C. POTTER DRUG AND CHEM.CORP., Sc'.c Props., Boston, Mass., U. 3. A.
ft Copy r! ghl applied for. ,
V } ___r_ ¦ iiiumim -J
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
* r W> \y F THE WAIST EVENT *
l!^^^ 500 ladies': j
I l$ %0i I Shirt Waists, i
r t$S&^$ h^*£/ AT LESS TH * N THE C0ST 0F MANU " *
W //S//S?*^t^r4^^> These waists, come from the fore-
£ \\ \\ most New York manufacturer — all
€ *]JEjj&£i£ he h . ad '» comprising an assortment *
< Ow^'^Hw^wirtV of th^ s season's goods; in every de- *
"$& ' 'l^^fi^MA tail strictl 7 first-class. The designs S
{. f ;*^t'""'..-}l'-' HK, 1 are effective, the workmanship and 5
t til '|,* " \\ t PJ,/ fit are the best that can be obtained; $
IP ' A, ii 2 f\rf worth nearly double the price we
/ ' il^i /h \ ave mar^ ed them. ?
r^i r^%kM/M%%^ LOT 1— 100 LADIES' WHITE 9
fcii^- LOT T^$-&P&1m silk MULL WAISTS; tucked to *
fi^r I!rWEE?v> form yoke effect; hemstitched col- »
r Tj y'H&Sr \ ar an(^ CU^ S J strictly tailor-made; g
I *<&,, 4^WFR -i Eizcs 32 to 44 (see illustra- fl"^ nft _
'^//s, MmZE^r) tion); regular -price *7' UU I
i -*?Wfi/'M0*Z^ 93.5O— SALE PRICE... L *
* w/Mrm • :^m\\ L0T >- 200 ladies' silk mull *
*W/[¥ imiVr&JiHl WAISTS; elaborately tucked and *
f\ : 'i'lff A « \ I '' '¦"^'¦H: trimmed with fine Valenciennes 5
k'itt Jtn • Wi ' ace an( * insertion; colors pink, ?
* ' jr HfA ° ft blue, white, lavender and black; ft
* *>fi A^A . ¦ //' sizes 32 to 40 (see illustra- t« Aft *
8 V'\ V3k ! ' <t // / tion); regular price J?4.OO «/.««
8 'Iia yJ\^^ H/lAk ~~ SALE PRICE *
' T °/^^ LOT 3 - 100 LADI£ S' WA'ISTS, of I
* feffisS'^ftt^ ¦'¦> f//f " ' finest quality Japanese silk pongee; %
* effectively tucked and tailor f
* irf ** Gfr^.^T btitched; ornamented with fancy 3>
f >4 -^•/'l.vvV metal buttons (see illustration);
8 //^ii^'r'W\A sizes 34 to 42; regular Zm CA *
1 Pli^ifl price ?°* 00 -¦ sale • ¦
[I I iSKV LOT 4—100 LADIES' HAND- !
I m-V-Jom I w\\" EMBROIDERED WHITE 5
ijntfW' !* «\\ BUTCHER LINEN WAISTS; va- 5
V\ '~%\'\*S? Jf\ \\\' rious designs; hemstitched center f
u\ -k ; '^"Xfr 1 ait an<^ cuffs; sizes 32 to 44; ,
m\\P\$lr*V -li' -( see illustration); regular C r CA *
'K3^ / / Price 91O.no — SALE viytW *
' JTlOl^ki^ I PRICE tJ . '*
h 918-922 Market Street j I
|u ___________ Send for free Hlu«tr*tea Catalogue.ELOQUENT WORDS FOR SURVIVORS;
TRIBUTES OF LOVE FOR HEROIC DEAD
Koenigstein's Red Salve; cures 'all' skin
complaints 'with ' marvelous rapidity. • •• ,
The West of Castro Street Improvement
Club held; itsj semi-annual smoker last
night at Twenty-fourth and Douglass
streets. , All the members of the club and
many: invited ' guests were present, ". and
the evening was pleasantly /spent. -' - \
Improvement -Club Gives;, *i Smoker.
The subject of Dr. Alex J. Mclvor-Tyn
dall's popular . psychological lecture at
Steinway Hall this evening. will be "The
Power of ¦ Persuasion: Personal * Influ
ence." The lecture will deal with the
subtle power of magnetism and the vari
ous phases of - it. ¦ Dr. Mclvor-Ty ndall is
without doubt ; the best known exponent
of these subtle forces of the mind, and
his views and theories of how to cultivate
the success-compelling - influence | of per
sonal " > persuasion— magnetism— will un
doubtedly attract a large number of hear
ers. ; Some experiments in the marvels of
the mind will. follow; the lecture.
Tyndall Will Lecture.
Herbert Rogers, to whom the London
and J5an Francisco Bank, Limited, . as
signed three promissory notes for J500<)
each made , by. the Royal Packing and
Drying Company within the last two
years, yesterday filed a suit against the
stockholders of the company for $9615, the
amount he alleges the company still owes
on the notes. He also asks for 6 per cent
Interest on that amount. The defendant
stockholders in the action are F. Bepler,
H. B. Chase, G. -de La tour, G. PoUchon,
F. d'Agostlne. )H. B. de Marvllle, ¦ -. C.
Roemer, Paul Serre and R. de Boysson.
Alleges That the Royal Packing and
Drying Company Owes Him
$9615, With Interest.
ASSIGNEE BRINGS SUIT
ON PROMISSORY NOTES
The committee circulating the petition
Iti headed by H. Soejima and K. Kukawai
of the New World and Kikou Kiyose of
the Japanese American. They claim that
they have positive evidence against the
accused merchant, that he has been bring
ing women into the country for immoral
purposes for some time past and that the
business which he conducts on Post street
Is merely a cloak to hide his nefarious
practices.
More than 100 of the most prominent
Japanese residents of this city signed a
memorial yesterday expressing gratitude
to Immigration Commissioner North for
the stand he has taken in regard to Yaso
hel Yokota, the Japanese merchant who
is being held pending an Investigation
charging him with bringing Japanese
women to this country for Immoral pur
poses.
Claim . to \ Have' Direct Evidence
Against Fellow- Countryman Ac
cused of Bartering Women.
JAPANESE CITIZENS
-.-: V ? ; WILL SUPPORT NORTH
HENRY SCHWARTZ IS
INJURED BY A FALL
well-Kno-wTi Horseman Meets With
a Mishap While Alighting
From a Car.
Henry Schwartz, the well-known horse
man, while alighting from a car at Mar
ket and Kearny streets last evening
clipped, and in falling his head struck the
curbing of the stone safety station with
sufficient force to 6tun him. Several per
sons who had seen him fall rushed to
Schwartz's assistance, and on picking him
up it was found that he was bleeding
Irom a deep gash In the forehead.
Schwartz was taken to a near-by
drug store, where an examination of his
injuries revealed the fact that a email
artery had been severed. Later he was
removed to a private hospital, had his In
juries dressed and then went to his home.
duced by the lingering of tobacco odors In the
curtains. - -
WHEN WILLS CLASH.
Did "Wace" know of separation soon
to be when he wrote:
• • • There will come moments when wills
clash and desires do not chime; these must be
racmonth of sober thought and compromise,
when one or the, other sacrifices self on the
altar of their nascent friendship. Upon this
ability to compromise defends their married
happiness. • • • • If they be Incapable of ris
ing to compromise, sacrifice and unselfishness,
reason will dictate separation. In such case,
when they will have become rational once more,
they will reason the lmr>oes!blllty of a con
tinued relation and Rive it up.
Jack London is 27 years old. At 18
years of aee he had been a newsboy,
longshoreman, bay sailor, seal fisher, and
then turned to sociology and economics.
He became a trams to know the under
side of life. Then he read and studied,
went to the Oak.and Hlch School, took
a* freshman course at the University of
California, but gave up his studies and
went to the Klondike. There he gath
ered much of the material that started
him on the* road to literary success. In
January, 1S99. "The Man On the Trail"
appeared, followed by "The White Si
lence," and rapidly came others— tales of
the Arctic Circle. "The Son of the Wolf"
and the "God of His Fathers," "Daugh
ter of the North" and "The Children of
the Frost"— all gave testimony to the bud
bed genius. These and others were in
corporated into a volume, "An Odyssey
of the North." They made a name for
the young, erratic genius who had only
a few years before been arrested on Oak
land's streets for public speaking as a
socialistic devotee.
STATEMENTS REFUSED.
He wrote the "Cruise of the Dazzler,"
a children's tale, and then, with Miss
Strunsky, put forth "The Kempton-Wace
Letters."
A recent trip to London and long search
and study in the slums gave him mate
rial for a book, "Children of the Abyss,"
now in press. '
Prolific with pen, London was shy of
words to-night >,when asked about tho
parting of, himself and his wife. All he
said was:
At present there is nothing to be said on
either side. It Is patent to every one that my
wife and I are not living together, but as to
the cause of the separation 1 have nothing to
say. At this time I -cannot nay whether di
vorce proceedings will be Instituted. In fact I
have nothing at all to say In regard to the
matter. My wife and I have separated and we
have agreed. to say nothing. about It for the
time being. - ¦' .>-•' -i'?: ;V -'"•:.-
•Mrs. London is the daughter of Mrs.
Melissa Maddern, and a sister to Miss
Florence Maddern, Miss Minnie Maddern,
Henry T. Maddern and Robert T. Mad
dern. The brothers are plumbers on Jef
ferson street, near Fourteenth. At the
Maddern residence this evening the fam
ily declined to make any statement about
the London s' separation.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the Golden Gate -Park band this
afternoon: v~.' '
r Part ¦ J — "Star-Spangled Banner"; march,
"Majestic" - (Panella); overture, . "Orpheus'-'
(Offenbach); waltz, "Roees of- the South'*
(Strauss); .solo '.for-* trombone, ''The Palms,**
performed by -Trtuls Klotz; grand selection
from "Aida" (Verdi). Part 2 — Overture, "Zam
pa" (Herold); <a) Morceau characteristic,
"Panamerica" (Vlctoi*- Herbert), (b) Oriental
serenade. "The Star Dreamer," % by request
(Theo. Bendix) ; comic opera selection. "King
Dodo" (Luders); fantasia, "Dream Pictures"
(Lumbye)'; selection from "Pagllacci" (Leon
covallo);-'.'America." ;•
Dame Nature's Wooing.
Th* true lover of nature is always ready to
hie Mmsclf to the fields and woods. Her fact
Is always t'le&f-ir.g but he likes to visit her at
different times cf the year and view her In her
varying moods — In the early months, when
with new blood coursing through her veins ehe
brines a growing life to plant and shrub, to
th»> grain in the field, the fruit* of the orchard
and the tree» of the forest — as well as in the
winter months when, resting from her labors,
rk*. calmly allows the storm* to whirl around
her. But it is the latter months — August,
September. October and November^ — when In
the fullness of her pr.jductlons and the mellow
klndnc-ss of her face she appeals to her true
lover.
With the ripening fruits— the prune, the
olive, the apple, the pear, the graj». In all
their various colors, the waving fit Ids of corn,
the (soothing hop. she fills his lap with her
happinf-FS. The winds are huxhed and the gen
tle breezes einr a lullaby. She Invites all to |
taste of uhat ehe hue so bountifully spread be- j
fore them, to wanatr over the hills, to fleh In
the ehady pools, to bring down the deer In his
: i ,c and etrencth, and to boat and bathe In
th«> living etreams.
Vi'J.at nature eo kindly offer* at this eeason
the California Northwestern n&ilway supple
ments by giving you the opportunity to take
Q.4 vantage of eame, for nowhere on this coast
I* nature eo bountiful, the climate eo delightful,
the bills and valleys so picturesque, the
ttrfasne. lakes and riven eo nurc<#xous and so
well stocked with fish, the deer eo plentiful
and ; all t*> cacily reached as along that road.
Tse'suzsicer ejwdals continue In «f!ecC
AKLAND, Aug. 8.— "Jack" Lon
! S ¦ don, newsboy. tramp, sailor,
roustabout, boy socialist and au
thor, writer of the anonymously
published "Kempton-Wace Letters" and
heralded genius, has found marriage . a
failure. Love and literature don't min
gle—at least, not in the brilliant young
Californian's life. He and his wife of
barely three years have separated.
Agreed are they that love is not for them
together, the talented creator of "The
Call of the Wild" and the mother of his
two children have cried "quits." He has
gained the freedom his soul has craved
and both are content.
She was Miss Elizabeth Maddern, mem
ber of a family of blood kin to Minnie
Maddern Fiske, the gifted actress. The
Madderns' home tor years has been at
1667 Broadway. They met because Miss
Maddern was in the literary circle. She
knew books and was by bent and calling
thrown much among those who read and
talk and write. Miss Maddern was a
teacher,^had pupils whom she assisted in
Btudles— was in school and college life,
and met London when his stories of the
Arctic regions gained him vogue in lit
erary life.
They were married and two children,
Joan and Bess, who have gone with their
mother, were born.
Of late there had been whisperings of
domestic infelicities in the family— of dif
ferences which brought discord. Friends
of Mrs. London said her successful au
thor-husband had grown beyond her at
mosphere and was chafing under the yoke
of matrimony. However that may be,
they have parted and they have agreed
that for the present at least there ehall
be no explanations for the public.
WETTINGS PROPHETIC.
Mrs. London has retired into quiet re
treat at Berkeley. "Jack" has taken bach
elor quarters at. 1216 Telegraph avenue,
there to work out books and plans for
more stories that are shortly to be given
to the world.
More than mere coincidence attaches to
the story of 'The Kempton-Wace Let
ters," that only sixty days or so ago were
issued from London's publishers. They
tell of love, and current talk has It that
they disclose the Inmost thoughts of the
author on that subject of subjects. In
deed, only to the favored few was it
known for a long time that London's
brain had evolved the volume that has at
tracted no little comment. Collaborating
was Anna Strunsky in this book of mes
sages^the thoughts of Herbert Wace
(London) and Dane Kempton— the story
of a man who had made of love a "cold,
analytical text." So In the title page Is
inscribed:
And of naught else than Love would we dis
course. — Dante.
With more than prophetical pen does
"Wace" write of the lovers after mar
riage:
Our lovers discover each other to be mere
man and woman, after all. That ethereal sub
stance which the man took for the body of
the loved one becomes flesh and blood, prone
to the common weaknesses and ills of flesh and
blood. He. on the other hand, betrays ¦ little
petulancles of deposition, little faults and pre
dispositions of which she never dreamed in the
prenuptlal days, and which she now finds emi
nently distasteful. But > at first these ¦ things
are not openly unpleasant. There are no
scenes. On« or the other gives In on the in
nai.t, without B*lf-betrayal. and one or . the
other retires to have a secret cry or ' to rumi
nate about it over a cigar— the first faint hints.
I may slyly sBggest.: of the return of rationali
ty. They are .beginning to think.
Ah. these are little things, you nay. Pre
cisely; wherefore I lay emphasis on. them. • The
sum of the Innumerable little things, becomes
a mighty thing to test the human soul. More
over, many a. home has * been broken because
of disagreement as to the uses and abuses of
couch cushions, and more than one divorce in-
, PHILADELPHIA, Aug., 8.— The textile
strike, which was Inaugurated here six months
ago, was practically declared ' off when 20 000
of the 60.000 striken decided to return to work
on Monday.
PROMINENT TOUNG CAL.IFORNIAN AUTHOR WHO HAS SEPARATED
FROM HIS WIFE AND WHOSE LATEST WORK GIVES INKLING
THAT INCOMPATIBILITY AND QUARRELS ARE THE CAUSE.
The great gathering of the G. ' A.- R. which
is scheduled "for. this month Is more replete
with sentiment ! than , any ; similar reunion ¦ of
recent years. Patriotism, loyalty. . gratitude
and respect combine to Illuminate the pathway
of the Illustrious defenders of our country and
our flag, whose ranks are year by. year becom
ing thinner and' less ; numerous, but whose up
lifted arms and voices are ever •¦ raised for tho
honor and glory of ¦ the Union which their
valor has preserved for all posterity. ¦ -
Some • thirty-eight years have now rolled by
since the last of , their ; opponents laid : down
their arms In sorrow, In anger and In hatred,
before the triumphant standards of the. Union
generals. Time and 'the. manly; efforts -of the
victors, the intervention of a war against our
nation's foe.. have assuaged -these feelings, • and
to-day those who wore the blue and those who
were garbed - In gray ' are - a reunited brother
hood. Jointly' true to American principles and
jointly loyal. to the nation's. flag. . ¦ ¦-. ".'• .
: Our whole people, therefore., await with
friendly Impatience . and devotion ; the . coming
of these grizzled '. heroes. . and . San Francisco
with open hands prepares for them a warm and
loving welcome, a welcome, which, .for our elder
citizens, is a'recalllng of;events important.-tra
gic terrible." and for our. younger - people an
inspiration • to duty and patriotism. ¦•
-To this State and to- this city much of . ma
terial advantage 'will accrue rrom the visit of
these soldierly thousands. • .They represent"' the
best judgment '. and - Intelligence - of ¦ vast com
munities and their . reports of our golden • land,
of its resources,? its sunshine.. fruit and flowers
will prove of lasting and enduring benefit. Ex
perience has shown that^ assemblages of this
character here • have always Induced westward
Immigration. -and- many of our visitors. .their
families- and. their . friends, are likely, to .be
come a permanent and most desirable factor of
our population. ''¦¦ ' • •¦'•:.* ' ' -
"The experience which has 7 come to these visi
tors In war -and In peace, through the rolling
years, has given them a standing and. a posi
tion in the • social ; and financial llvea . of their
respective communities,.' which;- lend -weight -to
their observation ¦ and to their judgment, and
tfc* influence of their opinion la undoubtedly
. ; Fjancisco during < the .week .be
ginning August. 17. Preparations for
the entertainment of i the veterans
and their companions are ! well • ad
vanced. Views touching , the sig
nificance of the patriotic event are ex
pressed by George C. Pardee. Governor of
California; Eugene E.Schmitz.- Mayor of
San Francisco; Major General "William. R.
Shafter, commander of the Grand Army
of the Republic, Department of Califor
nia, and Adjutant General George -Stone,
chairman of the general committee . of
management. • ¦
THE GOVERNOR'S GREETING.
Tho scntlmeht3 of welcome are thus ex
pressed by 'Governor Pardee:
Once again the State of California and • the
city of S,an Francisco - have the pleasure and
the honor to hospitably' welcome the veterans
of. the Civil War. . Our pleasure Is great when
we open wide our arms and give ¦ them --the
kiss of welcome. And we feel ¦ honored that
the men "who" survived* the shock .of battle.'
that laid low so many of our friends and their
comrades, have again .chosen .California - and
San Francisco for their gathering place. But,
with our- smiles of welcome, with .the pleas-'
ure and the honor-that they have - conferred
upon us. there is mingled a sorrow.' and with
our smiles there springs • tears to our eyes as
we look upon the fast thinning ranks of those
who. bravely fought for us In "61 and ,'65. , The
gray hairs, the stooped shoulders, the halting
steps, the' thinned ranks, all tell us that those
whom the nation has -always - loved' tb honor
will not. In obedience to the - inexorable law
of nature, long 'be .with us. And. when .they, ;
like their comrades who have, gone before,
sleep the eternal sleep that knows no waking,
when, on every Memorial day.- our nation
pauses from Us usual vocations .: to bestrew
with flowers the narrow cells In which they
wait the reveille of . the resurrection morn,
their deeds then will still be recounted and
rehearsed In song and poetry and oratory, and
the hearts of their weeping countrymen will
swell with . pride and gratitude for what they
did when, but for them, our nation . would
have split In twain. • ¦
¦¦ But let' us . not,. -In - anticipation of- a sad
future, forget the pleasures of. a happy pres
ent. Let us rather rejoice that time has dealt
as gently as it has with those of them who
still are with us. ¦ Let us deck 'with; flowers
and blossoms and our country's glorious colors
the living heroes who are with us still. Let
us cheer them as -they march our streets, and
show them that our gratitude has not departed
from us nor our ardor cooled from the heat
and ¦ fervor I that filled all our : breasts when
Sumter fell ' and all our eyes , were : turned
toward r Appomattox. ¦ -•¦... , . .-• . ,
In common with all patriotic Americans, I
would that I could call these gray-haired
heroes ' "comrades." That • pleasure and honor
being • denied me. I hail them as "friends."
and welcome them to California, in. the name
of all our people, as "benefactors'* . and
"saviors of our common country."
THE MAYOR'S > SUGGESTIONS.
Eugene E. Schmltz, Mayor of San Fran
cisco, offers. these suggestions:
THE Thirty-seventh . National En
campment of '.the Grand Army, of
the Republic \ will be held In . San
San Francisco has planned a reception to the
veterans , worthy of their visitors. Its plans
have been ' heralded • all over the East. - No
event that has taken place in San Francisco
has had so much publicity throughout the
country as has the approaching encampment.
No ' event since 18S6 has ' been looked forward
to by the Grand Army of the Republic with
so much pleasurable anticipation.
,. The - committee has worked faithfully for
months to carry' out the r.lans outlined to
make' this 1 the- most brilliant encampment in
the -annals of the Grand Army of -the Repub
lic; The veterans residing In California have
given of their time.. means and. best energy to
enhance the success of the encampment; the
people . of . the : interior ' are : ready to receive
the .visitors .with -the most hearty- greeting and
pay 'them every possible attention.
: '. San Francisco will ~ certainly on this occa
sion make every effort to sustain' the fair, fame
of.. California • and . San . Francisco for ¦ hospital
ity, -.which ' has . become world-famous. San
Francisco will --' surely - not - lag ¦ In patriotism
on this r occasion.* nor ;wlll' Its people -be ¦ less
generous In showing aooreclatlan of th* honor
Major General •William R. Shafter. U. S.
A., retired. .who served with. distinguished
gallantry in. the Civil. War. subsequently
gained. renown for enterprise and success
In several campaigns against hostile In
dians, and ; who added luster to the
achievements of the. American army by
his masterly, management of the Santiago
campaign ' of the Spanish-American war,
is now commander of the Grand Army of
the Republic Department of California
and Nevada. Concerning the national en
campment he has this to say: •- ,
Only a few. days hence and San Francisco
will. have within Its gates, as honored guests,
the. Grand Army of the Republic. It is an
honor that we may Justly feel proud of to have
the veterans, the savers and preservers of -the
Union, choose for their national reunion, twice
in .the past seventeen years, the city which
lies .farthest from the center of population;
that these old and brave warriors should de
sire to return to the very end of the continent
because of the cordial reception tendered and
the hospitality lavished upon them seventeen
years ago. They have evldentty not forgotten
California's generous hospitality, typical of
the true Western host. While these vetsrans
come • to . us of their own choice they nave
been Invited to visit us and share with us.
with their wives, their children, and their
friends, for a time at least, the delightful cli
mate of California. We sent a delegation to
the last National Encampment, clothed with
authority from the people by the Governor of
California, the. Mayor of San Francisco and of
all the large communities of the State, asking
the veterans to come to us, promising them a
more cordial welcome. ¦¦ more generous hospi
tality, than any other city In the land from
the Atlantic to the Pacific/ They accepted our
Invitation, • turned their backs upon all com
petitors ' and chose San Francisco, thousands
of miles from their homes, .In preference.
While it Is true that those of them who were
our guests seventeen years ago did not need
urging to come again, they should be accorded
as cordial a reception upon their second visit
when' they return to us with locks whitened
and made venerable with years. They have
sung the praises of California abroad In the
land, during all these years and chanted the
gospel of its hospitality among their comrades
at every .encampment. The host of others,
those -who come among us for the first time,
lured by the tales of our generosity, by the
promises made through our delegation,- they
shall not, > must ¦ not, be disappointed. Those
brave hearts must be accorded a welcome by
the- whole people of California befitting the
occasion. - The men who nearly, forty years ago
answered the nation's call to arms, who for the
time forsook. hearth and home, family and all
else and rallied around their country's flag to
save • and . preserve this glorious Union, will
come among - us as our guests. They have
journeyed thousands of miles across the con
tinent- to again be -united within our gates.
They will parade our streets, bearing- aloft
their tattered emblems of the loftiest freedom
known/to the nations of the earth, their path
lighted by a halo of glory, unequaled In his
tory. ¦ - * ¦ ¦• '...---¦
GENERAX SHAFTER SPEAKS.
The people of San Francisco owe It to them
selves, as well I as to the men of the great
war,- to extend the open handed hospitality for
which we -are famous, even beyond the meas
ures . of previous . occasions of this character,
and to support and assist the earnest and
hard ..working local committees in charge,
financially 'as well as morally.
greater and more consequential than that of
any like aggregation of Americana who might
make a. -similar trip. to our coa*t. ,-•'.-
Incidentally, having accumulated more or less
of. this world's ¦ goods and having that knowl
edge • of the world which I has shown to them
that it is as. blessed to give as . to receive, our
merchants, our- business men our artisans and
wage earners generally will feel the benefit of
their liberal. and sensible expenditure.
. And . their presence' here, the entertainments
and fetes" organized In their behalf will bring
vast multitudes to our city from surrounding
dtles, for. pleasure and for participation. ".All
these will tarry here for tha benefit of our
trade and the enjoyment of our people.
The holding i of this Grand Encampment of
the 'Grand Army' of the Republic, even from
the most material standpoint, means much to
San Francisco. I ' have no doubt that sev
eral million dollars will be left here as one of
the results of their, visit.
From, this viewpoint the coming encampment
Is likely to be remembered as one of the most
fruitful promotion enterprises of the times. It
will prove.- also, a valuable object-lesson to the
rising generation In our midst. To children of
a few years of age seventeen years asro, now
grown to men and women, the sight and society
of the survivors of the gigantic national strug
gle which took place before they were born,
should have the effect of Increasing their lore
of country and -flag, and make of them better
citizens, and it wilt be a great opportunity for
the children of to-day, for It Is Improbable that
The occasion will also produce a fresh crop
of tourist visitors, who everywhere will add to
the story of our advantages and prosperity — a
prosperity based upon a development hardly be
gun in comparison with our resources and pos
sibil'ties. -
It Is pleasant to know that the second visit
Is the direct result of the pleasure and Interest
derived from the first by the thousands of com
rades and friends who came hither In 19S6. Our
people then arose to the occasion, and the good
time which marked that notable I national en
campment was the camp-Ore > talk of every
Grand Army post in the country for years aft
erward. More should be the direct consequence
of the. present one. The old veterans. who have
been here before will bring" the children, who
have in the meantime grown up, -and anew
generation will carry back stories of the soil,
climate, productions, commerce and the hospi
tality of our favored section, which will spread
over the face of the territory from Maine to
Florida and from Minnesota to the Gulf.'
Since the Grand Army visited us before many
great things have happened — so many that It
puzzles one to recall them from personal mem
ory, but, in the present connection easily tha
first thought that occurs -la the sad one> tha:
nearly all of the grand old commanders in th»
War of the Rebellion on the Union side who
were here, and with us drank from tha same
loving cup. seventeen years ago. have been re
lieved from earthly command and duty with
the colors and comrades here, and await the re
assembling of the corps In the Great Beyond.
When the old soldiers were here In lSS8.the
assassination. of Cbmrade Garfleld was still a
fresh and bitter memory. Fresher.' and - still
more bitter- to-day, is the recollection that the
brave, good and noble comrade. William M«-
KInley, who led the American people through
the war with Spain and out of ' the bondage of
provincialism Into the glory of their present
natural and International position, only a little
while ago died by the hand of a murderer.
It should be a matter for self-gratuUtion
and pride among California™* that San Fran
cisco twice 3 has been chosen as the meeting
place for national encampments. When It is
remembered that fully three-fourths of :the
membership of the Grand Army, on an average,
reside 2500 miles away from the Golden Gate,
It is. I am sure, a deserved compliment to our
city and Its people that the members of the or
ganization should face the discomforts and ex
pense of a transcontinental Journey in order to
be our ruesta.
The circumstances and conditions attending
the Thirty-seventh National Encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic In San Francisco
ought to form Interesting: matter for reflection
for all of the people of California. Most of
our grown-up people still remember the first
national Grand Army gathering: at the GoMea
Gate, seventeen . years ago. That was not a
long time ago in the experience of the elders,
yet it has marked radical differences in the po
litical and economic evolution of the country
which have not failed to set their Impress upon
every part of it, and particularly upon our own
section. Of one change, both local and general
In character, no thinking man can • be uncon
scious, and that Is the new Impetus given to
the sentiment of patriotism and veneration of
our flag and pride In the strength and power
of the republic which, in the intervening years,
has arisen from the condition of a political
community, In a measure Isolated from other
great nations, who were Indifferent to our am
bitions and progress, to that of a flrst-clasa
world-power, whose wishes and Interests must
be counted with and wbpse friendship must be
zealously cultivated by every civilized govern
ment of the world.
George Stone, adjutant general of Cali
fornia and a comrade of George H> Thom
as ; Post. G. 'A. R.." San Francisco, -when
elected to the position of chairman of the,
general committee of management was
asked to perform the most important
duty devolving upon any individual in
connection with encampment prepara
tions. He was assigned to the arduous
task on account of his well-known energy
and executive capacity. Many things have
happened since the organization of tha
executive committee and the sub-commit
tees to test the power of his endurance
and the limit of human patience. From
the outset he has worked manfully and
cheerfully to accomplish success for the
encampment enterprise. He speaks in this
mariher of the great reunion:
A WORKER'S WORDS.
bestowed upon city and State by this visit of
the veterans. There can be no doubt that our
people will open their hands and hearts, sus
tain the work of .the committee and give the
veterans and their families such a rousing: wel
come that It shall linger la the- memory of
these" brave and noble defenders of the na
tion's honor for all time, for this will be the
last National Encampment of the Grand Army
of the Republic by the Golden Gate.
VETERANS OF .THE CIVIL "WAR, "WHO ARE WELL KNOWN TO THE PEOPLE OF THIS CITY AND "WHO OC
CUPY- POSITIONS OF ; PROMINENCE ON VARIOUS COMMITTEES "WHICH ARE STRIVING TO MAKE UN
PRECEDENTED SUCCESS OF COMING' ENCAMPMENT.
The body of. an aged man with a bullet
wound between the eyebrows was found
in Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park, yester
day morning by Frank "Woods of .1011 Cal
ifornia street and .Wakefleld Baker of 2701
Pacific avenue. The young men were row
ing on tho lake and" when near the rus
bridgo they saw a dark mass in the bot
tom that looked like a human body. They
notified Richard Cleary, a park employe,
who recovered the corpse and -took it
ashore. The bullet had split on. entering
the forehead, and two small pieces of lead
were taken out. of the' wound when tho
body was examined at the Morgue.
The corpse is that of a German or Scan
dinavian between 60 and ,70 years of age.
It is five feet eight inches tall, of heavy
build, light "hair and full whiskers of a
reddish gray color. The complexion is
fair, with gray-eyes and broad nose. The
clothing is black striped coat, pants and
vest, brogan shoes and gray woolen un
derwear. A black derby hat that fits the
head of the dead man was found floating
in the lake last .Thursday.
Stow Lake Gives Up the Body of a
Suicide as Yet Uniden
tified.
AGED MAN. FOUND WITH
BULLET IN HIS BRAIN
A etation was issued In conformity with
the prayer cf the complainant, and the
matter will be heard early this week.
The complaint recites that all the prop
erty mentioned is inadequate and insuffi
cient KCUlttj for the payment of the In
debtedness and that it Is not worth more
than $35u,000.
Then follows in the complaint a recital
of transfers of property made to the bank
by Epplnger & Co. as follows: On De
cember 21. 1831, 16C4 shares of the capital
etock of the Pacific Coast "Warehouse
Company; on Auirust 20, 1S31, 73 chares of
the capital stock of the Oakdale Land
end Improvement Company, and 100
shares of capital stock of the Bank of
Oakdale; between March SO. 1901. and Sep
tember 30. 1902, 12,500 shares of the capital
ftock of the Reed Crude Oil Company.
It is averred that all these transfers were
caCe as security for the indebtedness to
th* b8nk.
It Is further alleged that a reconvey
ance of certain lands in Fresno County
was made at the request of the complain
er.t.
LARGE INDEBTEDNESS.
The total indebtedness is stated to be
$""7,164 4S. with interest on $328,250 at 7 per
cent per annum, compounded monthly
Irorn May 31, 1903. until paid, and on
5.*3C5 S3 at 6 per cent per annum from De
cember 1. 1902, and on $10,500 at 7 per cent
per annum from June 1, 1903, and on $12,
47» 31 at 7 7>er cent per annum from June
10, 1903 until paid.
It is further alleged that on Decem
ber 31. 1 S .SS, the Eppingers and Ettllnger
deeded certain property In Colusa county
to the bank and that on the came day
they deeded to Eugene Meyer certain land
In DIxon, Solano County, and aJso land in
Tu'.are county. Also that on August 12,
ibSS, they conveyed to Eugene Meyer cer
tain lands in Fresno County and on June
S8, 1SS2, to the eaxne person lands in
Kolano and Tulare counties. It Is alleged
further that on May 2, 1822, Wolf Cerkel
and Fiora Cerkel. his wife, conveyed to
diaries Altschul certain land in Suisun
Township; also that on May 11, 1S96,
<'harles Altschul purchased at the request
< f Epplnger & Co. at a mortgage fore
closure sale, certain lands in Fresno
County; that in all the transactions men
tioned Meyer & Altschul were the agents
and trufteee fcr the complainant and that
the said transfers and conveyances were
made for the use and benefit of the com
plainant and as security for the payment
cf the Indebtedness of Eppinger & Co. to
the bank. It is averred that neither Alt
schul nor Meyer has any right, title or
lr.tcrest in the property.
PROPERTY TRANSFERS.
Arotter chapter In the history of the
Epplnfer failure was added yesterday by
the filing of a complaint In the United
States Circuit Court by the London. Par-
Is and American Bank. Limited, vs. Ja
cob and Herman Eppinger. Bernard Ett
ilEger, Charles Alischul. Eugene Meyer
and Henry Wafisworth as trustee of Ep
plnger & Co., bankrupts. The complaint
esks that the bask be permitted to fore
close Cpon certain real estate in Solano.
Fresno end Tulare counties alleged to
have been given to it as security for the
payment of a balance of $357,164 48 due on
moneys advanced by the bank to Epplng
cr & Co. The appointment of a receiver
Is also asked for to handle tho real estate,
which consists for the most part of fann
ing lands, orchards and vineyards.
The complaint alleges that on July 14.
1500, Epplnger & Co. executed a promis-r
eory note In favor of the bank for J30.CKX),
cf which a balance of $25,000 remains due
end unpaid, and that on December 4,
1900, three promissory notes, each for
$190,000, were executed between the same
parties. It is alleged further that on
Slay .SI. 1SC1. Epplnger & Co. drew a draft
en themselves for $3000. on which a bal
ance cf $3250 remains due and unpaid; a
balance of £>?5 35 on a note dated July 8.
1302; a balance of J2S00 on a note dated
July 21, 1902; a balance of $1400 on a note
dated July 26, 1902; a balance of $5o0 on
a note dated July 2S. 1902; a balance of
5300 on a note dated August 1. 1SC2; a bal
ance of $200 on a note dated August 5.
1902, and a draft on themselves for $10,500.
It is alleged also that on June 10, 1903,
Epplnger & Co. had overdrawn their ac
count by J21.O5 2S. of which a balance of
312A7 r j 11 remains unpaid.
At the hour mentioned above people
standing on New Montgomery street
around the entrance of the Palace Hotel
were suddenly startled by the sound of
crashing glass, and a second later they
saw various articles of furniture flying
out of a window of a room in the Grand,
which proved to be that occupied by Mrs.
Dahl. Chairs, mattresses, bedclothes,
wearing apparel, toilet articles and even
jewelry followed each other in rapid suc
cession from the open window, much to
the amazement .of a large crowd in the
street- below, and finally the form of a
woman , appeared at the window. She
stood there but a moment, as if scanning
the result of her and then pulled
the sash down and disappeared. ,
Meanwhile some one had notified the
clerk of the Grand of the affair, and a
porter had hurried up to Mrs. Dahl's
room, to which, however, he was denied
an entrance. The porter then entered an
adjoining room, and by climbing out of a
window was . able to reach Mrs. Dahl's
apartment and promptly gained an
entrance. The woman was found quietly
standing In the middle of her room, and
with smiling face she remarked as the
porter entered that she "had been clean
ing up."
Mrs. Dahl for a time appeared to be
perfectly rational, but later, when taken
to the new City Hall, sho became bois
terous and had to be locked in a cell,
where she will remain until to-morrow
under" observation. She is about 35 years
of age and a woman of attractive ap
pearance.
Mrs. Annie' Dahl, wife of Charles Dahl,
a foreman of the United Railroads, whose
home is at 43S Madrid street, created con
siderable excitement at the Grand Hotel
last evening shortly before 7 o'clock.
Three days ago the woman registered at
the hotel and was assigned to a room on
the second floor, overlooking Stevenson
street. Later a trunk, a sewing machine
and several other articles belonging to
her'>were received at the hotel and moved
to her room, where she remained quietly
until last evening.
Mrs. Dahl, While Temporarily
Insane, Creates Scene
at the Grand.
Plaintiff Holds Real Property
Worth $300,000 as
Security.
Institutes Proceedings
to Foreclose on
Farming" Land.
Hurls Furniture Prom a
Window and Is Taken
Into Custody.
CREDITOR BANK
SUES EPPINGERS
HOTEL LODGER
ON A RAMPAGE
Continued on Page 38, Column 4.
,.*j it it -r~*.; i
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9; 1903.
"Jack" London and His Better Half Agree to Sepa
rate and She Retains Possession of Children.
AUTHOR AND HIS WIFE
GO IN DIFFERENT WAYS
California's Governor, San- Francisco's Mayor, General Shatter and Others
Extend an Earnest Welcome to Veterans and Visitors.
£$P&c!4.POUGHKEEPSIB. N. Y., Aug. 8.—
The special match race for a purs© of
$250*0 between Major Delmar and The
Abbott at the Hudson River Driving
Park- to-day resulted in a decisive vic
tory for Major Delmar. After "Major
Delmar had won the tlrst Treat by about
four lengths in 2:12ft The Aboott was
drawn. Major Delmar went a mile
against the track record of 2:06%. held
by Cresceus, hut the. best he could do
was a mile w'ith a running mate in
2:07.
Major Delmar Wins Special Match
for $2500.
THE ABBOTT DEFEATED.
BUFFALO. N. Y., Aug. S.-The grand
circuit meet closed here to-day. Sum
mary: •
216 trot, purse *10OO— Caspian : won two
straight heat-!. . Time, 2:14 2:13?;. Miss
Fearing, Fred MeClurg. Nicollett, Dick M,
Crowshadt and MeAndrew also started.
2 16 class, racing, purse *12<XV- Little Kfjuaw
won the second and fourth heats In 2:0.*;,
2'09'i Terrance Queen won the first heat in
2:08 i };! Charley Hoyt Von the third heat In
2:09. Captain Sphynx also started.
2 23 trot purse $1000— Monroe won two
straight heats in 2:10. 2:15. Yankee Boy.
Crown Princess and Bermuda Maid also start
210 pace, purse $1000— Ebony King won two
straight heats in 2:13|4. 2:12. Joe SIbley Don
Cozlns, John W. Fatterson and Margaret W
also started.
Little Squaw Wins Pacing Event in
Good Time.
BUFFALO MEET CLOSES.
SIXTH RACE— Selling; one rnile: /
Betting. Horse. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 2— Rostand. 103 (Fuller) 1114
16 to C — Gold Bell, 08 (Reed) » 4 2 V>
15 to 1— Cottage Maid. 100 (Hicks) « 2 3 2
Time. 1 :42 4-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. C. Fellows Jr.'s b. c. by Russell-
Qalena, II. Florham Queen 01, Passbook 84,
Star and Garter 87, Locket 06. St. Sever 103,
Lowly 84, also ran.
Time. 1:10 3-5. Start fair.- Won easily.
Winner, P. Lorillard's b. . f . by Ingoldsby-
The Governess. Sweet Tone 101. I.nwrut 04,
Ascetic 102. Sir Walt 100. Silver MeAde. lot.
War Times 10!>. Redman 90, L«dy Ananias ' — ,
alco ran.
.FIFTH RACE— Selling; two-year-olds; five
and a half furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Lady Rohesia. 104 (O'Nell) 3 112
11 to 5— Sailor Knot. 107 (Hicks).. D 2 2 4
10 to 1 — Excentral 84 (Wedderstdf 7 3 3 fl
FOURTH RACE— Travers stake; three-year
olds; one and an eighth miles:
Betting. Horse.. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Ada Nay, J06 (O'Neill).. 1112
15 to 1— Reliable. 126 (Burns).... 3 2 2 2
8 to 6 — GImcrack, HI (GannGn). 4 3 3 h
Time, 1:67. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. J. B. Haggin's ch. f. by Maxlo-Narada.
Whorler 12!). The Picket 120. Slave 111. Hurtt
bourne. 126. also ran.
THIRD RACE — Saratoga Special; two-y>»ar
olds; flve and a half furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockejr St. «i Fin.
15 to 1— Aristocracy. 122 (O'Neill). 3 112
H to J>— Broomstick. 122 (CWorn).. 4 S 2h
3 to 1— Stalwart, 122 (Bums).... 1 2 32
Time, 1:11 4-5. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner, J. K. - Madden' s ch. c. by. Mirthful-
Fatty. Delhi 122. Boxwood 122. Raglan llf»,
Ormonde's Right 122. James V 122, Tippecanoe
122. Gallant 122. Ix>ng Shot 122. Crown Prince
122. Magistrate 122, Inflexible 122, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Handicap steeplechase;
full course: ¦""¦'' '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Kin.
2 to 5— Tankard. 140 (G. GrfCn)... 1110
3 to 1— Woolgatherer, 142 (Grah'm) 2 2 2
8 to 1— Daryl. 135 (Pembleton) 8.- • •
Time.. 5:21 2-5. fc'tart good. Won eased up.
Winner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'a br. g. by King
Mldas-Espergne. 'Refused to Jump.
Time. 1 :2fi 2-5. Start Door. Won easily.
Winner. K. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Hernienoe-
Katy of the West. Unmasked US, also ran.
Rlgodon 112. fell at start.
As - explained heretofore the Saratoga
and the Travers, of which much was
expected, were not true-run races and
credit for victory belongs rather to the
jockey than to the winning horses.
It was reported that Pittsburg Phil won
$40,000 on Aristocracy, the winner of the
Saratoga stake. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Handicap; all ages,* reven
furlongs:- . •
Betting. , Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. U FJn. !
1« to 5— Hermls, 120 (Ricei 1 1 1 12
2 to 1-^-MaJor Dalngerffeld, 124 """*
(Odfcm* ......... .V... a... 2 2 25 :
20 to 1— Stamping Ground, 108
(Cochrane) ; ... 4 3 8S
SARATOGA, Aug. 8.— The general opin
ion of the ablest trainers at the v track
to-day at the conclusion of the racing
was that the steeplechase was the only
true run race. All of the others, say
these experts, were won by horses able
by superior early speed to get "in the
"path" which for two days has played
bo important a part in the' results. This
was notably the case in the Saratoga
special, the Travers stake and the fifth
race, the winners of all three of these
races having j been ridden by O'Neill,
whose excellent handling of the mounts
intrusted to his care has earned the
warmest commendation from men whose
opinions count for much.
In each instance O'Neill raced for the
"path," which extended about two and
a half feet from the inside rail, and while
Aristocracy. Ada Nay and The I^ady Ro
hesia. In their respective races, were gal
loping freely and to the full extent of
their stride* their opponents were com
pelled to stay in the heavy going which
prevailed all over the track except for
the narrow space mentioned. That ther>
should exist such/ a thing as a "path"
in the month of August on a New York
racecourse Is at once a wonder and a
source of dissatisfaction to trainers. Thia
Ktat(« of affairs cannot now be
helped and the only hope for really good
sport is that the elements will combine
to~rcmove all ill elfe#<s>.
Two prominent racing men -engaged ir
an argument as to the respective merits
of The Lady Rohesia and Sailor Knot
and an offer of J3000 was made to match
Sailor Knot and The Lady Rohosia. not
withstanding the fact that th© latter had
won, the argument of the admirer of
Sailor Knot being that he- had no chance
because he was forced to run in the
heavy going, while The Lady Kohesia
was on tne "nath."
Rostand's easy victory In the last rae»
was due to the same cnu*p. It Is the
state v of the track also which prevents
the stewards taking any action against
W. C. Daly on account of th£ defeat of
Himself yesterday.
Hettnis has returned to form. He wnn
tho. first 'race .by twelve lengths- eased
almost to a walkV
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling :
Betting. Hor?e. Weight... Tockey. St_ »i Fin.
lo to 1 — Ada N. 10.'. (Hlggins) 11 >• 1 "
¦ it to 1— Orleans. 103 (Sheehan). . . : « 1 i 3
g to I— Hobart. 100 <D. Austin)... 10 " 3h
Time 1:20%. Start gco«1. Won handily. Win
ner Gould & Fredrrickson's b. m. by Herald-
Santa Rosa. Miss West. 101. Auleg 107. Custus
100 MolUe T 103. Alflo W. Captain Gaston 111.
Lynch 98. Impetuous 80. Northern Spy 101.
also ran.
SIXTH RACE — One and three-slxt««enth
miles: selling: ., _.
Betting. How. Weight. .Tork»y. St. * 4 Fin.
3 to 1 — Ptrateer; 95 <Hlgfcln;«»: I 2 In
2 to 1— I>ight Opera. 102 (Austin).. 3 r, 2 [ 3
9 to 2 — W B. Gates, 105 (Sheehan) 2 1 3 3
Time, 2:O4^4. Start Rood. Won driving. Win
ner V. 7. Dearman's br. c. by lVat» ot Pen
zance-Make Haste. Joele F 1C7. The Messen
ger 105, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap: • I. ™ ;- '
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
Even— Orris, W (HlgElns)... 1 2 1 «i
6 to 1— I-asso. S* (Howell) 2 t 2 2
5 to 1— Orpheum. 00 « BrideweUt ... . 3 3 »2
Time 1:49^. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Ohios b. rn. by W«dsworth-Clean,
Heels. Lindenella 103, South Breezo 1»6. also
ran. - .
FOURTH* RACE— Ozark 8el!lng stakes; six
furloniers: •
Bmln*. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Ft. « 4 Fin.
* to 5— Mafalda. 103 »Sh*>*han). . . . « 8 1 H
6 to 1— Mag Nolin, 102 (Watson).. 2 12 1
3 ti» I— Mildred U, IW (A. Booker).. 7 .% 3 n
Time. *:l»i.i- Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, T. P. Hayes" b. f. by Russell-Soprano.
Wieath of Ivy »«, Busrler S«, Check Morgan
94, Don Alvaro 07, Wenrlck 5>2, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
puree: ¦ • • '* ' .
Betthtsr. Horse,' Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
1 < to 1— Noweta.' 88 <U>we). 5 1 t !i
7 to 2— Hindi. 87 (Bridewell). ..... « 2 2 '4
ft to R— M. VolmOr. 100 (Higgln*). 2 4 .1 2
Time, 1:47Vi. Start goo«t. Won easily. >\ In
nrr, W. W. Fa*c*tfs b. f. by Hermenee-Net-
Uo Barry. Una Price 101. Incidental N>r».
Weird 104, Baronet 103, Approved 104. also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs-;
selling: *¦
Betting. Horse. -Wefght. "Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
« to 1— Tori Klley. lit) (Sheehan).. i! 1 1 4
7 to 3— Dr. Oarttdge.:lQ5 <F. Smith) 14 2ii
9 to 2— II. Hooligan. 102 (Hlgglns) 4 3 3 S
Time, l:10U. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. H. Hlckey & Co.'s ch. c. by St. Pan
cras-TolanUe W. Quaker Girl 106, Perla 101.
TiomaJne fl5. Burrows 102, SArtor Resartus
1G<>. I.ila Noel 100, also ran.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
13 to 1— Miss Gulda. HHi tSheehan) 1 1 In '
5 to 2— Reduc-er. 104 (Higglns) 9 10 2 %
10 to 1-rOrte More. 100 (A. Booker) 2 2 3 n
Time, 1:16%. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, TV. Cole 4: Co.'s ch. m. by Guido-Rubtes.
Algaretta 103, Pay the Fiddler 104. Charles C
107, Tlckful 107. Zlrl 105, Fugurtha 07, Mike
Strauss 107, Stepaway 103, Orion 109. also ran.
ST. LOUIS,, Aug. 8.— A clever ride by
Jockey Sheehan landed Mafalda winner
of the Ozark selling stakes at Delmar
Park ,thi3 afternoon. Mafalda, coupled
with Bugler, was an 8 to 5 favorite. Shee
han" trailed l with her until the Stretch
turn was reached, when he set her down
and she ran pver her field, winning at the
end by half a length in a mild drive from
Mag Nolin. Summary: ¦»
(Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bad Track Conditions Mar
the Stake Features at
Saratoga.
Trails to the Stretch and
in a Mild -Drive 'Outfoots
Mag Nolin. ,
His Old-Time Turn
of Speed.
Thomas' Horse Shows
Jockey Sheehan Puts
, Up Clever. Ride on .
the Filly.
MIGHTY HERMIS
IN FORM AGAIN
MAFALDA WINS
OZARK STAKES
SPORTS OF THE TRACK THE PRIZERING AND THE DIAMOND
Will Do No More Work
Which Is Likely to In
jure His Hands.
Some apprehension was fflt in the train,
ing camp over the condition of Mike Hal
lahan. Manager Delaney'p able lieutenant.
In his celebrated disappearing- act at the
dinlnr table this morning Mikft was able
io use but one plat»» of mi'"-!, six eggs,
four soft and two hard boilou. on* Span
ish omelette, a small portion of beefsteak,
n ttark of hot rakes and four cups of cof
f*>«. With the assistance of Joe Kennedy,
Mik* kta? been busily engaged developing
the gelatine muscles of the ptoinach. and
may have brought about his
' loss of appetite, as his temperature was
normal. Medical attention it is not
thought will be necessary.
F. E. MUL.HOL.LAND.
•Pipe hi? nobs": "Why. dat big stiff
ought to be lined up drinkln' steam in-
Fiead of rlayin' *!at game"; "Well, if dat
wouldn't rasp yer noives," etr. Joe eeems
T>»>n5iEtent though, and hi? companions are
riiFconsolate.
Seven weeks of country Hfe has worked
wonders with Joe Kennedy, one of the
champion's tparring partners and a shifty
fallow with the gloves. Joe scorns base
ball now and th* rougher pports. H* is
rapidly forging ahead into the front rank
of th? croquet experts here, and has given
«n order for a complete golf outfit. If
"'<le iranjj" down at Alec Greggains" coulo.
observe him nofr a phonographic cylinder
would be apt to emit such expressions as
HARBIN SPRINGS. Aug. 8.— Bob Fltr
slmxnons packed up his belongings after
tb« lunch hour on Friday and with Mrs.
Fiusimxnons left for Callstoga In a pri
vate conveyance soon after the arrival of
tbe stage. Their supposed sudden de
parture set the gossips of Mlddletown all
agog.
Quite a number from town attended the
benefit performance here the night before,
p.nd putting two and two together figured
that Jim Jeffries had buffeted Fitzslm
raons about too much In their bout and
that a rupture in the training camp had
occurred. Their Tears, however, were
prounflles?. There ha* been no friction.
Hob started for San Francisco a day
ahead of hl» scheduled time because there
was nothing further for him to do, and
his pretty wife had tired of country life.
Jeff and Bob were to have put on the
ploves for the last ttae on Saturday, but
Manager Delaney -is perfectly satisfied
¦with the champion's condition and wishes
him to indulge in as MtUe exercise as
possible where there is a chance of his
li&afis being Injured.
Almost all Jeff did on Friday was to
walk down the canyon with Billy Lyons.
Fhootln* at email game with a 22-callber
iifle. but Saturday he will take the usual
Fymriaslum work. The big fellow's fast
Kiid clever work last night at the enter
tainment elicited frequent bursts of ap
proval, and if he is as good next Friday
night a winner will be declared before
right rounds. Not only Is bft speedy, but
strong as an ox along with it. Both Jack
Jeffries and Joe Kennedy Fay that last
Fumraer when Jeff was training here to
meet Fltzsimmons he was cumbersome
nnd clow, and that either one of them
. ould not only hit him at wilt but best
him in the clinches when strength was
required. This time Jeff can pick either
of them up and move him about as he
trould a tenpln. He has each looking like
th* original tattooed man with punches
m the termination of a bout. Crafty and
< unning as is Bob Fitzslmmons, h*» was
only a boy In the hands of Jeff. He was
alwayp ehown consideration on account of
his lack of condition.
Champion Is Speedy and
Is Also Unusually
Strong*.
JEFF'S CONDITION
SUITS DELANEY
LEE RECEIVES
POOR SUPPORT
Angela Are Presented
With Evefy Tally -
Save One.
Cripples-Assault Gray's Offer
ings at First, but Cease
Quickly.
STANDING OF THB CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet VT. L. Pet.
Lo« Aageles.72 42 .632 Portland ....« M .454
Ban Fran.... 68 12 .687 Seattle $0 61 .460
6acram«nto .69 07 .600 Oakland 50 <5 .400
The Angels won th'elr game yesterday
at Recreation Park about as easily as ball
games are generally to be had. It was
through no brilliant efforts on their part
that tho tiao of. battle turned from the
Cripples' camp, but rather tho many and
costly mistakes the tailenders were wont
to commit whenever an Angel rested on
the bags. Score, 5 to 3.
Lee was in pood form and should have
won. He would easily have made an even
break with Dolly Gray had his backers
treated him with any degree of respect or
consideration. He was not hit to any ex
tent, the Angels only Becuringr five scat
tered safeties throughout the nine innings
of action.
The Cripples opened the game by slap
vfing Gray"fi offerings to all the four cor
ners of the lot. They were delighted to
face the big southpaw, and showed their
appreciation by slamming that ball as it
has not bieen hit during the opening in
ning In many weeks.
O'Hara. tho first man up, received a
pass. He was clow in his movements, and
was forced at second by Francks. The
latter, when he reached the bag. did not
wait long, for Murdock'a hit cent him
around to third. A few moments later
Schwartz's timely. one chased him home.
Then Moose 6axter was right there with
a double and Murdock registered. It
might have been a dozen, only Kruger
was unfortunate enough to hit a liner into
"Wheeler's mitts and a double play stoppW
any more action on the part of the Crip
ples. • ' v '
It was a long wait for the Angels, but
they finally tied up the result in the fifth.
Ross hit And stole and arrived at the pan
when Francks allowed Toman's grounder
to go through him. Spies out. placed
Toman over the last jump and the score
was tied. -
The Angels landed one more in the next
inning on a hit and a ba»e on balls. In
the eighth they simply broke up all the
fun by sending two more of their num
ber home on a hit and an error or so
that the Crlpplrs were pood enough lo
mak". Two lucky hits and an out in the
ninth let the Cripples g?t another run,
though It did them but little good. The
score:
Oailand— T^os AngeJeF—
AB. R. II. P.A 1 ABC R. II. P.A.
J>'U&ra,cf 2 0 0 0 0 Hoy. cf. .1 1 0 0 0
Fr'nrks.s 4 10 2 4|Whelr,2b 4 0 0 4 0
Murdk.rf 4 2 2 0 0 frnlth. 8b 4 0 0-2" 8
Schrtz,:;b 4 0 2 1 l! Dillon. 1b 4 1 2 12 O
n»xter,2b ¦* 0 2 O :*•' Cravth.rf 3 0 O -O <•
Kruger.lf 4 0 17 » Roes, If. 4 1 2 O 9
Gorton, c 2 O 1 O 0, Spies, c. 8 1 1 5 3
Mesly.Ib 3 O 0 12 0 Spies, c. 3 0 1 6 3
Lee., p... 2 O 0 1 4, Gray, p. 3 0 0 0 2
Lohmn, c20011 — —
1 ToUle.30 5 B 27 14
Totals. 31 3 8 27 13'
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
... ft 0 O 0 2 1 020—5
Los Angeles
.00001 1 1 2 0— 6
.20000000 1—3
.30010110 2—8
SUMMARY.
Base hit*
Oakland . .
Base I.lts
Stolen base* — O'Hara. Gray. Ross. Errors —
Franrk?. Wheeler. Schwartt, Fples. Two-base
hits— Baxter, milon. Spies. Sacrlnce hits—
Wheeler. Toman. Cravath. Spies. First ba«e
on error* — Oakland 2. Los Angeles 2. First
ba*e on called ballp — Off I^ee, 5; off Gray, S.
Left on bases — Oakland 4, Los Angeles t.
Struck out— By Lee. J; by Gray. 3. Double
plays — Wheeler, unassisted; Splea to Toman;
Toman to Dillon (2). Time of game — One hour
and fifty minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
HERE AN EASY MARK.
Seattle Lands On Him for a Total of
Eighteen Hits.
SEATTLE. Wash., Aug. 8. — Seattle pounded
Ilerr all over the lot to-day, making IS hltn
for & total of 21 bases. Both teams played
well in the field. Kelly was put out of the
game at the end of the first Inning for abus
ing the umpire. Score:
. R. II. E.
Seattle 1 3 0 1 3 1 0 6 x— 15 18 4
San Franc!6co..O 0 2 0 10 0 1 0 — 4 6 3
Batteries — Drohan and Wilson; Ilerr. Kelly
and Jacobs.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 8.— Loose playing at
critical points and hard hitting , by Portland
lost Sacramento the game to-day. Both Shields
and Baker pitched fast ball, with honors in
Shields* favor. Score: ¦ w'
R. H. E.
Portland Ii 0 0 0 2 0 2 0 x— 7 11 .1
Sacramento 0O001 1 00 0 — 285
Batteries — Shields and VigneaUx; Baker, and
Graham. Umpire— Levy
TACOMA TEAM SHUT OUT.
Only Four of Its Members Reach
First Base During- the Orame. ?:r s -•
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet. i W.L. Pet.
7x>s Angelea.62 33 .«M fian Fran 51 W) .COS
Butte «1 38 .tiio| Taooraa ....42 5T .423
Kpokane .Vi 41 .5-sT; Helena 85 60 .308
Beattir 03 45 .041 ! Salt Lake. ..12 23 .313
BUTTE. Mont.. Aug. 8. — WlggV > pitching
won to-day'i game for Salt Lake. Taylor's
great running; catch of a foul on the left field
bleacher fence was the feature. -Score: .
R. H. E.
Butte- 0 0100200 1— 4 8 4
Salt I>ake .30322210 0—13 19 3
Batteries — Wl^gs, Anderson and Sh*a;
Thomas. Bandelln. Swindells and Henry. Um
pire — Huston. *
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 8.— The Hlldebrand
brothers did phenomenal work to-day and the
Tacoma talent drew but one lone scratch hit.
Only four cf them reached first base during
the same, and but one ot the four reached
second. Tbe fielding of both teams was fast
and included three brllllaift double plays, in
one of which the locals cut oft Hall at the
plate. Score :
R. II. E.
Los Angeles ...100000010—2 H 1
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0 P' 4
Batteries— A. Hlldebrand and II. Hlldebrand;
Blewett and Byers. Umpire — Carruthera ". .
SPOKANE. Wash.. Aug. 8.— Th« Spdkane-
San Francisco gam* *ai a tie from the fourth
to the eleventh Inning. Then the San Francisco*
rallied and tent in four runs. Marshall's
fielding was a brilliant feature. Score:
R. H. E.
Spokane ...0 400000000 2—6 «J 5
San Fran. ..0 0310000004—8 14 2
Batteries — Carney and Hanson; H to vail, Lett
man and Zearfoss.
Sale of the Lind Horses.
CHICAGO, Aug. 8.— All of the horses in
the stables of C. Lind & Co. were sold at
auction In the Harlem paddock to-day
and brought good prices. Following is the
complete list: Orfeo, $3050, Ed Corrigan;
Mureaea, $2000. M. D. Miller; Max Bendlx,
$800, B. Schrelber; OrBlus, $1230. E. Mc-
Connell; Emathlon,- $625, J. Morehouse;
Hard Knot. $375, L. Ezell, and Pupil. $300,
P. Phillips. Orslna was sold at private
sale to P. Dunne for th« reported price
of $3000.
Major Taylor in England.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— Major Taylor
made his first appearance In England
to-day at the bicycle meet at Canning*
ton. He beat Jenkins of Cardiff, the pro
fessional champion of England, and
Plard of Paris In a mile match race,
winning all three beats.
MOTORISTS ENJOY
MONTEREY ROADS
VETERAN HOUNDS
ON THE FIELD
Coursing Stars of Other
Days Meet Again in
Competition.
Members of the Auto
mobile Club Ready
for Racing.
Royal Plush, a Famous Per
former, Runs in Dash
ing Style.
Anticipate Exciting Sport
on the Track During
the Meet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE. Aug.. 8.— The automo
bllists spent the day in making short
runs about the Del* Monte grounds and
neighborhood. Many of them took par
ties out to view the polo match in tha
morning and the races in the afternoon.
Others looked over their machines and
put them in order. j
Some more motorists have arrived. It
C. Lennie. with G. A. Boyer. Lew An
drews and Bert Saunders. reached Del
Monte at 9:30 this morning, having
started from Oakland at 9:30 on Friday
night. They traveled with the aid of a
searchlight, which was* 1 found exceed
ingly useful. Among the arrivals to
day were J. Menasco of Watsonvtlla. T.
Wilder of Santa Cruz. W. H. and Mrs.
Kellogg and G. H. Cunningham. J. Cun
ningham of Le Grande. Merced County,
ran to Santa Cruz, and is expected to
come on to Del Monte. Several auto
mobiles shipped by freight from San
Francisco arrived here to-day. Among
these is George Whlttell's 40-horse
power Mors. stripped for racing. II. P.
Jerome and J. F. Carlston of Merced
are here.
Some of the automobillsts took a turn
or two round the racetrack in th<»!r
machines to-day and several will do M
to-morrow. The executive committee
having the races in charge is busy ar
ranging the details and receiving entries
for the various events. The members
of the committee are: E. Courtney
Ford, chairman; Charles C. Moore, By
ron Jackson. E. P. Brinegar. C A. Haw
kins. Dr. D. A. Stapler. A. M. Hunt «ml
A. B. Brooke-Ridley.
The judges are J. D. Sp'.eckels. U. P.
Schwerln and Samuel G. Buckbee: time
keepers. L. P. Lowe. TV. E. Knowles,
George E. Middleton. E. P. Brinegar. C
A. Hawkins and F. A. Jacobs; starter.
Charles C. Moore: track steward. P..
W. Davis; clerks of the course. Ell la
Parrlsn. R. C. Lennle and Nat T. Mes
ser Jr.
To-morrow the automobillsts will
make a trip over the famous Beventeen
mlle drive.
Strathconna Wins.
TORONTO. Aug. 8.— The Strathconna to
day won by, a quarter of a minute th*
first of a scries of races for the Can
ada's cup.
Twelve veterans of the coursing field
met yesterday in a special stake at Ingle
slde - Coursing Park. Royal Flush, the
hero of many big stakes, was as frisky as
a sapling-
He beat Magnet by a score of 26 points
to 1 in a trial lasting one minut* and
twenty-three seconds. Young America
a!so came out In fine style, beating Motto.
The stake is thought to be between these
two, with Hadiwist as a possible con
tender.
For the open stake the experts figure
Palo Alto, Homer Boy. Golden Rule and
Special as being the hounds which will be
in the thick of the running this afternoon.
The hares yesterday we're a strong lot.
the trials all being good ones. Little
Mercy* beat Haddington after two min
utes' runnings Krishna and White Mys
tery rah two minutes and forty seconds,
while Frisky Barbara, and Piker ran two
minutes and two seconds. The majority
of th^ trials lasted more than one minute.
A heavy fog rolled in from the ocean
late in the afternoon, obscuring many of
the trials. The results in detail with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official score*
follow:
Veteran stake — TVarburtori beat Miss Grizzle.
7-5; Jennie Wilson b*at Martha Washington.
9-3; Royal Flush beat Magn<^ 23-1; Youn«
America b*at Motto. 7-3; Hadlwlat beat Ke
dora. 11-1; Babe Murphy beat Statesman. »-«.
Open stake— Prairie Maid beat Pacing Billy.
6-4; Prompto beat Go On. 11-8; Bright Fortune
beat Yukon. S-6; Medley beat Snapper Garri
son. 5-0; Uttte M*rcy beat Haddington. 11-8;
White Buck beat Thetln. 7-5: fpeeial beat Sq
fala. 7-0: King's Prido beat I.ady Anselmo.
-U-6: Gold*ri Rule beat Lord UofT. 7-1; Miss
Wilson beat Remijso Anlmo, 15-8; Jack Short
b*at Seba 6-5; Una beat Bocco Girl. * 5-O;
Krishna beat White Mystery. 17-8: Little Lucy
beat Star Sylvanun. 6-3; Idaho Boy beat Gold
Lily. J>-2; Yellow Tall beat Master Rocket. 3-'J;
Reta S beat Mose. 8-1: Young Fearless beat
General Dewpt 5-1; Homer Boy beat Flora
Belle. 6-1; Lily Wright beat Bonnie Hu&hie.
8-6: Palo Alto.b-at R»n«>Ka<l<? Apach*. 6-.T;
Preclt* Maid b»at Golden LJnfcs. 6-3; Kettle
tnan beat Virginia. Boy. 7-4: May Hempstead
beat Flora Bird. 6-0: Royal Friend beat Clobe
fell. 8-3; V.'edgewood beat I«arty Menlo. .VU;
Harlean Gladys beat Beluga. V-6; Thelma beat
Tom Hurlick .1-2; Mary Ann beat LJ»I«
Plunger. 8-6; Otto beat Fair Play, 3-2; To
ronto beat Whit« Hat. 5-3; Master Clalr beat
Africander. 16-10: Mollte Me beat Yankee Boy;
«-6: Terab beat Doreon, 4-0: Klenzi beat Fern
brook. !»-7: Artlculat* beat 1 Black Rex. 7-5;
Green Girl a bye Evil fiy» withdrawn: Frisky
Barbara beat Piker; Rock and Rye beat Whl»
ky Hill 6-2; Golden Garter beat Tobacco Bob.
ft-7; Oulda beat Siren. S-6; Cascade beat May
Connelly. 7-4: Firm # Fellow beat Miss Brum
mel 8-4: Sllevenaman beat Flower of Gold.
5-.1;' Aggie W heat Meddleaorhe. 5-O; Ruby
Sankey beat Idle Fellow. S-O; May Flush beat
Red Briok, R-0; CrefWick beat Ben Porter. 10-5;
Mellenry beat Eastlake, 13-7;, Manru beat
Gramcroy. !»-.1.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUJSTDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
NEW YORK, Aug. 8.— E. R. Thomas,
the young millionaire turfman of this
city,. who began the formation of his rac
ing stable. by purchasing Hermls for.$60,
000, has formed a partnership with Alex
andler Shields, > to dispatches
from Saratoga. Shields has been identi
fied with the turf many years. He, is the
owner of Advance Guard. Sixteen horses
will make up the new stable and they will
be trained by Shields. ¦••*',_'
Shields and Thomas Partners.
An interesting cricket match was played
yesterday afternoon on the recreation
field In Golden Gate Park between elevens
composed of the Marin County and the
Pacific cricket clubs. The'' Marin County
eleven won by a score of 100, while the
Pacifies scored 78. Johnson of the Pacifies
bowled out two men at the commence
ment of the game. He was later relieved
by Williamson and Bennion. The players
and runs follow:
Marin County. Runs. Pacifies. Run.«.
/.Myers 9 E. T. Langdale.... 17
C. P,. Cowles » Dr. Taylor..... ... l
Adamson 0 C. C. Williamson.. T
Churchill 0 H. N. Storra 1
Wardlaw 24 C. D. Johnson ...... 12
Mason 3 J. J.Theobald 2
Comyn 0IH. O. Watson...... 0
Bull 18 F. Bennion........ .;>»o
Bishop ..' OH. D. Rowley 11
Krsklne ............ 7 H. C. Caddy ... 1C
Walsh ./..•? 2 I > —
—I Total 78
Total ....100 1
MARIN CRICKETERS WIN
IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
LJght work waa all that James J. Cor
bett performed yesterday at his training
quarters at Croll's Gardens, Alameda. In
the morning the ex-champion mixed with
the small punching bag for five, rapid
rounds, during which he moved around
the flying sphere like a dancing dervish.
Jim was here and there almost as
fast as a moving picture, and never ap
peared to tire from the lively pace he set.
He perspired easily and announced that
he did not believe he could possibly feel
In better health.
After leaving the light punching bag
Oorbett tackled th« heavy swinging bag,
filled with wheat, ahd wrestled with it for
three fierce rounds. Then he " skipped
around his gymnasium in a shadow box
ing stunt, knocking out imaginary cham
pions with every wallop. that cleaved the
atmosphere. In the afternoon the big
pugilist lounged about In the open air and
took matters easy. He weighed 186
pounds, the bulk he expects to carry with
him Into the ring when he clashes with
James J. Jeffries.
Corbett and Tommy Ryan, who is one
of the ex-champion's advisers at his
camp, have not yet put on the gloves in a
promised bout. Ryan does not feel equal
to the occasion. Just to try himself yes
terday he donned the mitts with Sam
Berger for three rounds.; The kingpin
middle-weight enjoyed his go with Cor
bett's sparring partner, and also surprised
those who had never seeri. him .perform.
To-morrow Corbett : will go on -the road
in the morning. He does not Intend do
any work in the afternoon.
Announces He Feels He Could Not
Improve on His Present Condition.
CORBETT DOES LIGHT WORK.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: " .',
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
6 to 5 — T. Kentucklan 115 (Woods) 1 1 1 n
8 to 1— Bard Burns. 98 (Adklns). 3 6 2 3
8 to 6 — Bardolph. 100 (S Bonner) 4 2 3 1 ¦
Time. 1:14 4-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. Durnell & Herz's ch. h. by Pirate of
P*nzanc<>-LI«l<» Montros*. Eva's Darling 100.
Bay Wonder 93. Lovable OT. Beautiful and
Best 99. also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlong*; handicap:''
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
3 to 1 — A. D. Gibson, lot (Wilson) 12 1a
5 to 1— Skillful. 104 (Otis) « 3 2 1
6 to 1— The Giver. 105 (Btrketiruth) 5 7 3 1
Time. l:ll 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
"Winner. W. W. Darden & Co.'b ch. g by
Favor-Kate Pellet^er. Delagoa 08 St. Minor
104 Peter Paul R7. Hargin 105, | Talpa 102,
Bralare 10ft. St. Tammany 95, also ran.
Tim«». 1 :41 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J." B. Repess' b. c. by King Eric-
Tea's Over. Modes 99. Aladdin 114, John
Bright 109. Ontonagon 09. Gregor K 108. alto
ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; Chifcago stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jooker. St. «i Fin.
'^3 to 6— Dick Welles. 118 (KMght) I 1 1 I
*6 to 1 — Toah. 113 (Woods), ii 6 2 2 1
10 to 1— Bragg. 117 ( WonderJy).. . It fi 3 2
SECOND ItACE— Four and a half furlongs;
purse:
Batting. Hnn«e. "Weight. .l<vlcej\ St. *; Fin.
fl to 1— Clifton Korgc. 110 (Wondly> 0 2 13
1 to 1 — Fred I/eppert. IIS <Domnk) 13 2 2
3 to 1— Don Domo. 115 <F*rrell).. 4 S ,U
Time. :&."» 2-5. Start grood. AVon eaxllr.
¦Winner. It, S. Sire's ch. c. by Handsome-IUIsee.
Blumenthal U8. King Ellsworth 106. Toltec
I0*J. Red Bird HX) Touchstone 112, Sunny
brook 10O. Klelnwood 10.'«. also ran.
FIR8T:RAeE— Six furlong*; selling:'
Batting:. Horw. Weight. Jockey. Pt. 44 Fin.
2 to 1 — Floral Wreath. 00 <\Vllsn)13 ft 1 h
15 to 1 — Dutfh Carter, 95 < Phi) if) B •" 2 1
4 to 1 — Christine A. f>3 (Knapp)., 2-6 3 rt
Tim*., 1:15 3-5. Rtart' fair. Won driving.
Winner. AV. R. Baker & tJo.'s br. f by Fal-
MttO'Laurel Wreath. Hickory Corners 83 AU
bemarle 93. Dr Guernsey 100. Balm of Gllead
105, Marco 95, Safeguard 100. Miss Manners
£«. Handler Croes 107. Ans*lo 101. Fullback
9«. Worthlngton 100, also ran.
Dick Welles, which holds the world's
record of 1:11 4-6 for six furlongs, made
at Washington Park, and which has lost
only one race this season, annexed the
Chicago stakes^ winning as lie pleased
from Toah, with"- Bragg third. Respess'
colt broke flying, and before he reached
the quarter-pole he was four lengths in
front and everything behind him 'was
dizzy. Dick^ .-Welles --was as good as
even monpy when betting was to be had,
but at post time he was 3 to; 6. The
sixth and seventh racc» were declared
off. Summary:
CHICAGO, Aug. 8.— Every sign of
betting, o^e of the chief attractions of a
racetrack, was entirely absent at the
Harlem course to-day. Although the
expected raid on the betting ring did
not ocQur, there were said to be more
than 200 deputies- inside the inclosure.
and the management of the track took
no chances. Early comers saw scores of
workmen cleaning out the betting ring,
for the mandate had gone forth from
John Condon, owner of the place, that
no betting would be allowed oh account
of the threatened raid by Harlem vil
lage authorities. One of the biggest
crowds that ever passed the gates At
Harlem was there with loads of .money,
but none would.be accepted.
The odds that would have been laid
had the betting been open were given
out to the newspapers and telegraph
companies to accommodate those who
were able to bet downtown. Some
wager* on the "pike" order were made
between one or two horsemen or guests,
but betting publicly was not allowed. •.
Special Dispatch to The-Call,
Dick Welles Wins Ohicago
• Stakes From Start
to Finish.
Threatened Raid Causes
a Suspension^ of
Betting.
HARLEM HORSES
RUN UNBACKED
Winners at The Meadows.
SEATTLE, Aug. 8.— Following Is a sum
mhry of to-day's racing at The Meadows:
2:20 trot, best three in five — Won by Sweet
Marie, Brlney K. second. Redskin third. Best
time. 2:15. . ' '¦«.
Six furlongs — El Plloto won, Phyx second,
Nona B third. Time, 1:141^. j*>
. Five furlongs — George Barry won. Resigned
second. Metlakatla third. Time, 1 U>2. .
Mile and fifty yards — Milwaukee won, Mo
rengo second, Axminster third. Time, l:45Vi.
Five furlongs — Ulctma won, MacFlecnoe
second, Nanon third. Time,. 1:01%,
¦One mile, handicap — Fossil won, Solon sec
ond. Blissful third. Time, l:41tf.
Surrey Is Defeated.
LONDON. Aug. 8.— The Philadelphlans
defeated Surrey by lid runs at cricket to
day. . >\ v_
Dogs are being regularly slaughtered
now for. human consumption by butchers
In Munich.
34
SX/VTE7VIEINT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIB3
OF THB i
IMFJrert
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decsm-
b«r. A D. 1902. and\ for the year ending on
that, day. aa made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner ef the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of tha
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnish,
ed by th* Commissioner:
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up in Cash $300.000 00
ASSETS. — — — -
Real Estate owned by Company. . $208,700 On
Loans on Bonds and Mart jasrps. . . 387.922 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds "owned by Company.. 864,030 00
Amount of Loans secured by pleds*
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. 137.00ft 00
Cash In Company's Office 4 oy «
Cash In Banks 86. § aw 61
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans Mfl 73
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
•and _ Mortgages T.42S »
Premiums In due Course ot Col-
lection 1S.KX* f*
Bills receivable. not matured!
taken for Firs and Marine
Risks 219 10
Rents due and accrued 4*4 47
Deposit with Philadelphia Fir*
Underwriters' Association 100 ©•>
Perpetual deposits in course of
collec "« a 8.832 ?->
Total Assets .$1.748.093 61
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10.174 71
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 17.463 01
Losses resisted. Including expenses 9 222 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $309,*
703 43; reinsurance SO per cent. 134.831 23
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year
$330,167 C8; reinsurance pro
rata 181.873 11
Amount reclatmable by the In-
sured on perpetual lire Insurance
policies ....„ 896.S33C0
Due and accrued for salaries,
rents, etc 8.430 43
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 17 727 14
All other liabilities ia!l33 87
Total Liabilities $1,273 001 42
INCOMB. ~ ~
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $352.163 68
Received for ' Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages *.. 21,340 13
Received for Interest and divi-
dends en Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 40.638 Si
Received for Rents 9 397 73
Received from all other sources. . 77.692 33
Total Income $701.437 23
EXPENDITURES. ===
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(lncludlns $31,080 08. losses of
previous years) $23). OSS 4t»
Dividends to Stockholders 30.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerago • 120,961 CO
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 29.B2S 13
Paid for StaM. National and Lo-
cal taxes -• ••• 14,938 &J
All other payments and expendi-
tures M.363 34
Total Expenditures $493,019 93 4
Fire.
Losses incurred during the yesr $233.388 88
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
, ear ? $43,398,060 $303,628 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 40.143.350 443.103 IT
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 69.579.940 639.869 13
ROBT. B. BEATH. President.
DENNIS J. SWEENT. Secretary.
* Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of March. 1903.
MART L. CAMPBELL. Notary PubUa.
gutteTTfrank,
General Agcnta»
303 CALIFORNIA STREET^
- SAN FRANCISCO, CAJ- _
' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CHRONIC SORES
j ., Signs of Polluted Blood.
There is nothing so repulsive looking and disgusting as an old sore.
You worry over it till the brain grows weary and work with it until the
patience is exhausted, and the very sight of the old festering, sickly looking
place "makes you irritable, despondent and desperate.
A chronic sore is the very best evidence that you r blood is inr'an unhealthy
and impoverished condition, that your constitution is breaking down under
the effects of some serious disorder. The taking of strong medicines, like
mercury or potash, will sometimes so pollute and vitiate the blood and im-
pair the general system that the merest scratch or. bruise results in obstinate
non-healing sores of the most offensive character.
Often an inherited taint breaks out in frightful eating sores upon the limbs
or face in old age or middle life. Whenever a sore refuses to heal the blood
is. always at fault, and, while antiseptic washes, salves, soaps and powders
can do much to keep. down the inflammation and cleanse the sore, it will
never heal permanently till the blood itself has been purified and the deadly
germs and poisons destroyed, and with S. S. S. this can be accomplished— the
i-±- >>*¦**% polluted blood is purified and invigorated, and when
|^*^ fC*^ fg^ rich.purebloodiaagaincirculatingfreely throughout
AJi^V A^^V'\s^Vthe body the flesh around the old sore begins to take
KJM Km)) K»jyJ on a natural color, the discharge of matter ceases r
v^*"^ — and the place heals over. ? '
! S. S. S. is.bbth a blood purifier and tonic that puts your blood in order
and at the same time tones up the system and builds up the general health. ,
If you have a chronic sore write us. No charge'for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. <
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
— -OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY. ON THB 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1902, and for the
year ending on that day as made to the In-
surance Commissioner ot tbe State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
v; CAPITAL. r];
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up __„„.. „
In cash $230.000 00
Real Estate owned by Company.. M»S3* <•*
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 145,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 386.517 3S
Cash In Company's Office ,S«* 2l
Cash In Banks - 2OT.B52 8*
Interest 'due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.883 03
Due from other Companies, Agentt.
e i c 524.641 06
TouV Asset. .<1.770.108 59
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid......
Losses In process of Adjustment 1 .„.,__ —
or in Suspense } $-43,778 73
Losses resisted. Including expenses J
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. »....: -
reinsurance 50 per cent •!. 0,322 B0
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks, $...; „-„.-.
reinsurance 100 per cent 200.348 23
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $..•: reinsurance 50'
Liability under'other departments. 814.610 02
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 282 60
All other liabilities 3.«* 77
Total Liabilities J 1 !;^ 0 } 8 T9
INCOME. ~
tttt cash actually received for Fire '.
premiums •••••• $427.783 41
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 586,528 10
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages •••••••¦ 8,830 00
Rocelved for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources 28,028 34
Received for Rents 13.612 33
Received from all other sources. 407.058 68
Total Income .I1.3SO.691 13
EXPENDITURES. ™~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(lncludlnr $ losses of pr«-
Tious years) $281,812 91
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ losses of pre-
vious years) 249.187 29
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ' 395,618 47
Paid for 8alaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.,
losses of other branches 161.397 81
paid for State. National and Local
taxes 2.900 75
All other payments and expen-
ditures ••• -.- 47,807 06
Total Expenditures $1.138.983 ll>
Risks and Premiums. 1 Fire Risks. Premiums. I
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $222,226,300 $420,007 10
Net amount of Risks
expired during the fiKlTSJ
year 223.918.893 427.783 41
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002.. 88.256.B0o ,170.322 50
; ~~~ Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year • • • • • • • $18»,102.2U $2,507,666 17
Net amount ot Risks
expired during the
year ............. 38.404.424 886,628 16
Net amount In force
December 81. 1902. . 10,4C3.3o7 125.643 2a
PAUL SZELINSKT. Prsst- "
MARC. MAUEL. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thla
30th day of April, 1903. . V ¦¦ ¦- '
JAMES H. tOUNAN.
. U. S. Consul General.
gutteITfrank.
. General Agents,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Mr w
li VTho are "weak." h
Ii Who havo gonorrhoea. H
ij Who have tlood poison. R
I ] Who have any of the diseases I
J common to y
MEN
By My Own Original |
Methods. I
DR. O. C. JOSLEN, j
Tbe Leading Epecl&lUt. 1
A thorough understanding as to the C
nature of an ailment Is the flirt, ft,- gj
eenti&J In lu successful treatment. Be- H
cause thli first essential has been lack- H
lag those functional derangements b
commonly known as "weakness" have MB
never been permanently overcome by H
the method* commonly emp'.cyed M
among physicians. "Weakness" is not Q
e. nervous disorder demanding a tonic m
system of treatment, but is merely a ij
symptom of chronic Inflammation or C
congestion In the prostate eland. This I
condition exists as a result of early E
dlesipatlon or some improperly treated p
contracted disorder, and requires care- If
fully directed local measures only. ||
Under my treatment all parts of the H
orpanlc rystem are Quickly restored to p
a normal state, which results In full C
and complete return of strength and I
vigor. |f
' Z cur* gonorrhoea permanently n
a from 3 to 10 days. H
Pay When Cured. |
i Consultation,' advice and Interesting I
ptrnplilet. "Live All Tour Lite a Man.' 7 I
all free, either at office or by mail. I
Home treatment Is always certain and I
satisfactory. r<
DR. O.C. JOSLEN, I
Market and Kearny Sts. 0
Private Entrance 702 Market St 1SUNDAY, 'AUGUST 9.
Sun rises ...0:19 p. m.
Sun gets ..7:11 j>. m .
Moon rises ...............;.. 7:39 p. m.
D Tlnrei Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W H W L W ' jH W •
9 5:55 0Ll| 1:04 4.9 6:05 2.0 ..... .....
H W L W H W "¦¦¦*• I, W
10 0:10 5.0 6:25 0.4 1:30 5.0 6:45 2.3
11 0:51 4.7 7:00 0.7 '1:65 6.0 7:29 2.1
12 1:35 4.5 7:35 ¦ 1.1 2:22 '5.0 8:19 l.»
13 2:22 4.3 8:14 1.6 2:54 6.1 9:07 ,1.6
14 I 3:20] 4.1 8:57 .1.91 3:30 5.2 10:10 1.3
15 | 4:35 3.9 8:47 2.8 4:15 6.3 U: 18 1.0
Lumber! for. South Africa.
. The barkentine Kohala was cleared yesterday
for - Cape Town via' ChemaJnua with (S9.9G0 ft
lumber.', valued : at $300* ;*
The-.French bark ' Francois -was' cleared-yes
terday for • Ipswich, England, - with 62,366. cOs
barley, valued at $02,825, and 13,603 otls wheat,
valued at $17,660. -The vessel also carried'21,
000 ft of lumber, as dunnage, valued at $318.
• Grain for Great Britain.
NOTE — In the above exposition ef the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tho
day. except .when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights , given are In
addition to 'the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the heights, and, then the number
given Is subtracted from , the : depth given by
the charts. The "plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low, waters. .
United State* Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur , at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places. -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Anenst 9.
°- Kosa san Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
Kamona.... Sain pedr© & Way. 9 am Pier 19
«" Inl « r , Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
LmaUlla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
AnsruM 1O.
Nevadan... . jjonlulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 16
£ ent . raI !i"'" Grays Harbor ....| 4 pm Pier 10
v;JV^f,\; Polnt Arena 4 p m Pter 2
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier - 2
_,. , ' Angnit 11. .
Phoenix Mendocino Cy dirct 1 pm Pier 13
Arctic lqj Angeles Ports.) 1 pm Pier 10
Corona. Humboldt |l:3UpPier 9
Columbia... Aslorla & p O rtlana|ll am Pier 2i
Ausrnst lii.
Eureka Humboldt 9 amIPIer 13
S.Monica... Lo S Angeles Ports. 12 m[Pier 2
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Kival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 3
J. Dollar.... Seattle &. Tacoma. 10 am Pier '1
Auffust lit.
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Pler 10
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. » am Pier W
Coos Bay. . . Newport & Way. . 0 pmlPler 19
Olympic... Whatcom & Falrhn 5 pmfPler 2
August 14.
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor .... 1 pmPIer,..
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Anuuxt 15.
Cblco Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 2 pm Pier la
San Jose... N Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Maripoea... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Alameda. . . Honolulu ' 11 am Pier 7
Ht Paul.... Nome & St Michaelj ;.
Aagntt 1O.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland]ll am Pier 24
AURUHt 17. I I
Bonlta San Pedro & "Way. 9 amIPIer 19
August 18. I
Alliance..... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm [Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 amiPier 'i
Coptic China &. Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Nebraskan.. Honlulu & Kahului 8 pm Pier 16
Angnat 19.
City Puebla Puget bound Ports. 1 11 am Pier ¦ 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
/ August 20.
Pomona/.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. r For. Sails.
Farallon Skayway & Way Ports Aug. 11
Humbodlt Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 12
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 14
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 15
Cottage City. . Bkagway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
Oregon. ...... Nome .'. . . Aug. 16
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 10
DIrigo Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports Aug. jjl
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 23
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock . and Exchange Board yester
day: ,..¦;¦.
Morning Session.
100 Mexican ...... 1 25 BOO Silver Hill.. .. 70
500 Potosl 19 300 Challenge 45
100 Belcher 41 200 New York 18
400 Exchequer 02 .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. SATURDAY, Aug. 8—12 m.
Bid. Ask. BId.Ask.
Alpha ....... 06 08 Julia , 02 04
Alta '. 05 07 Justice 13 15
Andes 19 20 Kontuck 03 04
Belcher 42 43 Mexican 1 25 1 35
Host & Belch. 2 05 2 10]Occidental ... 36 3S
Bullion 04 Ofl.Ophlr, 175 180
Caledonia ....1 25 1 30, Overman .... 24 V5
Challenge .... 44 45 Potosl m «0
Chollar 20 21'Savage jo 20
Confidence ...1 20 1 25 i Scorpion 04 05
Con Cal & Ca.1 60 1 55 Seg Belcher.. 12 14
Imperial 04 . 05| Sierra Nev... 59 60
iXew York.... ' 18 19 Silver Hill.... 79 80
Cra^-n Point.. 19: 201 St Louis 19 -hj
Eureka Con.. — 45 Syndicate .... 015
Exchequer ... 02 0."| Union, Con... 89 00
Gould & Cur. 42 43, Utah 83 84
Hale & Norc. 54 57 Yellow Jacket 69 70
Lady Wash.. — OS 1
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales In tho Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha Con. 07 800 Overman .. 25
200 Andes ..... 19 300 Potosl 19
400 C C tfVa. .1 60 200 Sierra Nev. 69
200 C C & Va..l 52% '200 Union Con. 86
300 Con N York 17 200 Union Con. 87
200 Crwn Point. 21 200 Union Con. 88
700 Mexican ...1 25_200 Union Con. 89
TONOPAH STOCK EXCHANGE^.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday: *
Mornlne Session.
8000 Esperanxa . 05 200 Rescue 18
100 Mont Ton..l 05 150 Ton Belmt.l 90
000 Mont Ton.. 1 07^4 60 Ton Belmt.2 00
600 Mont Ton..l 12^ 1000 Ton & Cal. 37 —
600, Mont Ton.. 1 15 600 Ton N Star 62
600 N Y Ton... 08 1400 Ton N Star 65
. TONOPAH MINES.,
BI^Ask. Bid.ABk.
Colehan M Co 18 — Ton & Cal .. 87 38
Esperanza ... 04 05 Ton Fraction. — 75
Eula Con .... 25 — Ton & Gt W. — 08
Gipsy Queen . 27 — Ton of Nev.. 6 60 7 75
MacNamara . 18 25 Ton N Star.. 61 63
Mont Ton ..1 05 1 0% Ton Midway.. 42 60
NY Ton OS — Ton & Salt L.. 41 40
Paymaster ... ¦ 14 20 Ton. Union.... 40 —
Rescue M Co. 10 13 United Ton.. 15 .—
Ton Belmont.l 90 — Utopia M Co. — 68
UNITED RAILROADS OF. SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Aug. ; 8.— United Railroads of
Ban Francisco, bond transaction: 6000 at
$75 BO. . ¦ • ' ¦ ' '
Mining Stocks.
CMnese Bureau Delays Liner.
Ta» eteamthJj) FJberia. xrlth pai«*engers,
fr*>ist.t and Vr.'.ted States mall fcr Honolulu
ana the Orient delayed nearly half an
hour yesterday fcy the officials of the Chines*
bur*-au. The cabin fiMsrrijrers" gangway tsi
hauled away prcir.ptly at 1 o'clock, but it
wag nearly I :"0 o'clock before the bureau had
finished it« business with th* departing- Chi
nese. The B'.beria carried about 0000 tons of
carco Rnd ras?enc*rs as follows:
For Honolulu— Mifs M. C. A!ex»mder. F. M.
Brocks, XV. 11. Brr«J!r.E. V. M. Bechtel I>r.
I>. W. Co'ilir.s. Mr?. J. C. Cawidy ar.d five
'•hllflren, Mit. C. B. Cocper. MIfs A. Orozier,
Sire. E. P. Cur.ha. Mrs. M. J. Cairo!:. J K
Cok». E. U. Col'.'.r.s, Mlim E. Cartwrlpht, Mr*.
W. I* Faze*. Miss B. Korrwt. W*. Frick M.
C. Greer-brrr, H. 1L Garstln, llrs. EL H.
Oarttin and i>on, Mrs. M. C. Gre^nbenr, A.
Haneber*. Mrs. A. Jlanebere. Rev. W. X.
HendTson, Mri. W. A. Henderson and child.
Mrw. T. A. Kelley, <7. W. Kirkaldv. Lieutenant
Co:r.?nar.der A. P. N'ibJack. Ming J. A, Moore,
.T. VI'. Ma^on. Mr?. F. G. Pre»'<oti It P.
Rithet. B. I*. Bmlth. VT. "W. Thayer, Mrs.
"n-.ayer. F. W. Thurston. Gus Teubnrr Mi?«
M. A. Thon. Mrs. J. T. Wayron and" child
Sirs. D. L. VThite. Dr. VT. J. Waller. XV. H
Ttrdl*- * *
Yoko'hanm — Visa A. TT. Booth, Rev. G. 11.
BTirt'ck. Dr. W. H, Eucber. H. C. Bowie Jr..
I»fiE? Alice Carter. B. H. Curtis. Lieutenant
C. VT. J>j-»on. J. I>I. Enochs, W. 8. Flynt,
Mrs. L. Joncourt, J. H. Jewett. Mrs. J. H.
Semttt. IV>v. C. TV'. Kennedy. Ml«» II. T.
lypifhton. S. JCakamura, Miss F*. Oyama, Mrs.
I> M. Somers, Commander K. E. Sawyer.
Mi«« it. Soi>er. I. Wetter.
Kobe — Miss M. E. Brown. P. Ti. Barto. Mr*.
F. E Barto, Rev. C. M. Warren, Rev. E. F
Hall.
Nagasaki— Miss L. MacCulsky and Miss M.
Ctmve. O'-
Shanghai — MJsa E. S. Boehne. TT. K. Br!<*e
and valet. Mlrs H. O. Brice. Mlrs M. , K.
P.rlc* and maid. Dr. M. H. Bvnon, Miss M.
K. Carroll. Rev. A. B. Dodfl. Miss E. Llnd
):olm. Mies Jessie MacFarlan, Mrs. L. Merrill,
Miss SI. D. Morton. Rev. R, A. Parker, Mrs.
It A. Parker and children,* Mrs. G. Stacton,
Ml!>s M. E. Shockley.
Hongkong^ — Tir. Eleanor Chesnut, Miss A. H.
Carter Mrs. V. Corye-11, Miss E^ C Day, Mrs.
J S. Day, 111:? M. L. Donoghue. Miss C. E.
I>opp Mrs. E. n. Davenport. Miss E. Daven
port I>. E Fee, A. R. Glalsyer, W. Grayson.
Mrs' R A. Griffin, MUss M. OoodfeHow. Miss
\V ' Hawlev, Misa M. Hawley, Mrs. M. P.
Hale J w. Hocy. Mrs. J. W. Hoey. Mrs. M.
Kempstesd G. S. Holmes. J. I. Huston. D.
Jacobs Mn. E. H. James and child. J. G.
Kenned v, F. Ti. Loren. Mrs. J. P. Martin,
M J Mj-rrs Miss M. R. Perkins. L. B. Roth.
Mrs. ' D. RadclllT. L. F. Weaver, Mrs. I* F.
VWaver. C. M. Sparrow.
Tn Jo'ln 'at Honolulu— n. W. Blandlng. L.
P. Ktctland. P. D. MlddlekaufT Mrs. P D.
Mi<5(!!e>sufr Mise M Middlekauff. Robert MI4
rflekauff. n.' C. O*tby. B. A. Pierce. W- «•
Kcrmick, Mrs. TTHSIam Renw4ck. W. O. W Ing.
Time Ball.
Branch Hr.drogr*pnlo Office, -U.S. N., iler-
and Honolulu; Paclflo Mall Steamship Co.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander. Victoria and Port
Townsend; PaclSo Coast Steamship Co.
Stror Grace Dollar. Oleen, Portland; E T
Krus©.
Ft bark Francois. Arnautiron. Ipswltch;
Balfour, Guthrl« & Co.
Bktn Kohala, Dedrlck, Cape Town, rla Che
rr.air.u-"; Pcpe & Talbot.
SAILED.
Saturday. August 8.
Etmr Chas Nelson, Anderson. Grays Harbor.
Etmr City of Para, Zeeder. Panama and way
port*.
6tmr laqua. Bonlfleld, Eureka.
Stmr Siberia, Smith, Hongkosg and Toko
haroa, via Honolulu.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Badger. .
Stmr Brooklyn. Hlgglns. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Argo. Dunham, Eel River. . "
Stmr Coronado. Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr PrentUs. Ahlstrom, San Pedro.
Etmr Marshfleld. Dettmers, Hardy Creek. '
Etmr Grace Dollar, Olsen, Portland.
Brls Lurllne, Forest. Grays Harbor.
Sehr Melancthon, Stark, Coos Bay.
Schr Glen.- Jonason, Iversens Landing.
Schr Volant, Skipper. Grays Harbor. .
8POKEN.
July 8, lat 50 N, Ion 119 W, Br snip Donna
Francisco, from Portland, for Falmouth.
July 2S, 3-mast*d Br ship from Newcastle,
NSW. for Eaa Francisco. Probably th« Br
ship Ellevebatrn.
Aug «. lat 36 40 N, Ion 125 32 W, schr
Heler.e. hence Aug 5, for Port Hadlock.
Aug 1. lat 36 10 N, Ion 135 36 W. echr Tran
sit, from San Pedro, for Grays Harbor.
July 20, lat 26 N. Ion 25 W. Fr bark Jean,
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
July 25, lat 32 N. Ion 1« W. Ger ehlp Her
zoyin Sophie Charlotte, from Hamburg, for
Honolulu. " * V:' '
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 8. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind &W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. \
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Redon
<3o. from Eureka.
Sailed Aug 7 — Schr Sophie Chrlstenson, for
Grays Harbor; schr Irene, for San Diego; stmr
Coqulll** Klver, for San Francisco.
SKATTLE — Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Aug 4; stmr Edith, hence Aug 4;
stmr Centennial, hence Aug fi.
Sailed Aug 8— Stmr St Paul, for San Fran
cisco; ptmr Bertha, for Valdez; stmr Dolphin,
for Ekagway.
FAIKHAVEN— Sailed Aug 8— Schr Fred J
Wood, for San Pedro.
EVERETT- Sailed Aug 8 — Ship A J Fuller,
for Nome.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr At^
rella. for RwJondo.
KORT BRAGG— Arrl\-ed Aug 8— Stmr Noyo,.
hence Aug 7. _
OLYMPI A— Sailed Aug 8— Schr SalemT for
San Pedro.
BOWKNS LANDING — Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr
Gualala, hence Aug 7.
Salied Aur 8 — Stmr Scotia, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Arctic,
hence Auk 6; stmr South Bay, hence Aug 6.
Sailed Aug 8 — Stmr Corona, for Ban Fran
cisco. • .vi : "^
ALDION — Sailed Aug 8 — Stmr Greenwood,
for Kan Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Aug 8— Ital
ehlp Ninfa, for Portland; Br etmr Elm Branch,
for Putet Sound.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 8— ChSl
bark Ema Lutsa, from Olympla; schr Baln
bridge. from Port Blakeley.
Passed out Aug 8 — Stmr Argyll; ship A J
Fullw, for Nome.
WESTPORT — Sailed Aug 8 — Stmr Westport,
for Fan Pedro.
MENDOCINO — Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr Ruth,
hence Aug 0. ,
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 8— Bktn Irm
gard, hence July 25.
HILO — Arrived Aug 6 — Schr James Rolph.
from Grays Harbor.
MANILA — Arrived Aug 6 — Bark Adolph Ob
rig, from New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT SAID— Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Achilles,
from Vancouver and Tacoma. via Hlogo,-
Hongkong. Manila, etc, for Liverpool.
FREMANTLE — Arrived Aug 8 — Br ship Pen
theeilea. from Tacoma.
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived Aujr 7— Dan itmr
Stanley Dollar, from Portland.
TAHITI— Sailed July 4— Dan bark Martha,
for United Kingdom, via Marquesas.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Aug 8— Stmr
City of Peking, hence July 15. .
OIBRALTAK— Parsed Aug 8 — Br stmr St
Flllans, from New Ytrk. for Manila.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aug 8— Stmr Columbia,
for Nc-w Yorf, via Moville.
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 8— etmr Vaderland,
for N>w York.
NEW YORK — Arrived Aug 8— Stmr Cedrlo.
from Llverr»ool and Queenstown.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr Fried
rich der Groese. from New York, for Cher
bourg and Bremen, and proceeded.
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 8— Stmr La Savole, for
New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Aug 8 — Stmr Celtic,
for New York.
HAMBURG— ArrK-ed Aug 8 — Stmr Bulgaria,
from New York.
Sailed Aug 6 — Stmr Abydos, for San Fran
cIbco.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Aug 8— Stmr Blucher,
for New York; etmr St Paul, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Balled Aug 8 — Stmr Campa
nia, for New York, via Queenstown. . • •
BREMEN — Sailed Aug 8 — Stmr Koenlgen
Lul«e. for New York, via Cherbourg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug S— Stmr St
Paul for New York, via Cherbourg.
BOULOGNE-SUR-MER— Arrived Auf 8—
Stmr Rotterdam, from New York, for Rotter
dam, and proceeded.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr Urn
bria. from New York, for Liverpool, and pro-
Ce ROTTERD AM— Arrived Aug 8 — Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York; via Boulogne.
Sailed Aug 8 — Etmr Noordam, for New York,
via Boulooie.
LONDON— Balled Aug 8— Stmr Mlnnetonka,
for New York.
EWpping Intelligence.
rV'EI
Saturday. "AtsgB«t 8.
Ftmr Columbia. Doran. 63 boun from Port
land, via Astoria 43 hours.
Ftmr Prenties, Afclstrom, 88 bour» from
rrescent City; bound lor Eaa Pedro; put In to
lar.d passeng*™.
Etmr South Coast, Olscn. 10 noun from Cas
par.
Stmr Montara, Hellly. SI boors from BeattI*.
Ktmr ilaiipona. Itennle. 12 days 15 hours ~6
mlnutM from Tahiti. _.r
fitmr jm-a.1. McClements, €5 hours from wll
lapa Harbor.
Stmr Olia, Dwltt. 15 hour* from Albion.
Ktmr Brooklyn, Hlgglns. 43 bour» from R«
dondo.
Ktmr Alcatra*. Carlson, 12 hour* from Point
'* t-'tnir Sequoia. Wiskel. 43 hours from Ban
X"V-<Jro. ***
Htmr Olympic, Hansen, Tl hours from Fair
b&ven.
Bark Homeward Bound, Thompson, 172 days
from Antwerp.
Brig W G Irwin. Garthley, • day* from
Itooh* Harbor.
Schr John P Miller, Hansen, C% flays from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED. r\ t
Saturday. August 8.
KUnr Curacao, Paulsen. Guaymaa; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Ktmr ttamona, Eagles, San Pedro; Pacific
•frmst Steamship Co.
Stmr City of Para, Ze*<5er. Panama and way
ports; Paciflc Mr. 11 Steamship Co.
Suar Elberta, Smith, llcr.tfco.--S. Tokoham*
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. I Due.
G. Dollar.... San Pedro Aug. 9
Mlneola Tacoma Aug. 9
Del Norte Cre«cent City Aug. 9
Newburg Grays Harbor ........ Aug. 9
Wyedeld Nanalnio Aug. 0
Corona , .. Humboldt Aug. U
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Aug. 10
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Aug. 10
Centralia San Pedro Aug. 10
Nebraskan Honolulu & Kahulul... Aug. 10
Plate ot Cal.. Ban Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 10
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports... .[Aug. in
Eureka Humboldt lAug. 10
Cfarlna Coos Bay Uug. 11
Alatr.eda Honolulu I Aug. 11
S. Mtnlca Grays Harbor Aug. 12
Argo Ee i R i V er Ports... Aug. 12
Pomona.. Humboldt Aug. 12
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Aug. la
City Panama. jf ew York via Panama. Aug. 11!
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Aug. 13
Santa Kosa... San Diego &. Way Ports Aug. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland &. Astoria Aug. 13
Atholl China & Japan Aug. 13
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 14
San Pedro... Grays Harbor Aug. 14
Ramona San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 14
Claverln* China & Japan Aug. 15
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Porte Aug. 15
North Fork... Humboldt Aug. 16
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 17
Amer. Maru. China & Japan Aug. IS
Silesia Seattle. Aug. 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria... Aug. 18
Umatilla .J Puget^cund Ports Au*. 20
Acapulco \ Xe W fl^rk via Panama Aug. 20
•Former Boer Leader Dies.
MUNICH, Aug. 8.— Colonel Schlelat. who |
was commandant in tho Boer army dur
ing tho Transvaal war, died in a hospital
at Reichenheld to-day. . Ills health was
shattered by the privations of war.
movements of Steamers.
The time ball on ths Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. c. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at S p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. 6. N.. In Charge.
chants* Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Au
gust 8. 1003.
Among tho many great horses developed
on this farm Palo Alto was ono of tho
most famous. During his lifetime he
trotted to the world's record of 2:13% and
held tho world's record for a high wheeled
sulky of 2:08?i. After his death Sunol,
one of tho Stanford horses, lowered this
to 2:08V4- The skeletons of Electioneer,
Palo Alto and Occident are to be seen in
the Stanford University museum. There
is also in the museum a hlgn-wheeled
sulky which was never used for any other
horse but Occident, who usually was
driven by Governor Stanford himself. In
this sulky Occident made a mile in 2:18%.
This horse later trotted in 2:16% and bo
came tho champion trotting gelding in the
world. Another very interesting relic In
tho museum, which now contains prac
tically all there is left of tho farm. Is the
sulky weighing forty-threo pounds. In
which Bell Bird made the world's yearling
record of 2:26 1 ,i, Arion tho world's two
year-old record of 2:10*4, Palo Alto tho
world's stallion record of 2:08%, and Sunol
tho world's record of 2:08%. Some of tho
other great horses that wero reared hero
were Elaine, St. Julian, Fred Crocker,
Kentucky, St. Bel, Raris, Electricity, Nor
laine and Norval.
The authorities of the university have
not yet decided to what use they will put
the largo grounds and numerous buildings
of the great breeding and racing estab
lishment that now no longer exists.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Auff. 8.—
The famous Palo Alto stock farm, which
was founded thirty years ago by Senator
Stanford, was practically - closed to-day.
The positions of tho superintendent and
his assistants have lapsed and no more
breeding or other work will take place
upon tho farm from now on. Ther© aro
still 160 horses which havo to be kept
until next fall and a few men will be re
tained to care for them until that time.
Superintendent Covey haa not as yet de
cided on his plans for the future. .
Senator Stanford founded and kept up
this great institution for many years at
great expense and the marvelous success
which ho gained in breeding blooded stock
ia a matter of history. Ho built magnifi
cent barns, stables, paddocks and raco
tracks covering many acres, and had hun
dreds of horses, all the time. There wero
two farms, one on the border between
San Mateo and Santa Clara counties for
trotters, and another near Mayfleld which
was a running farm. The world-wido
fame of these farms grew from year to
year up to tho time of his death in 1893.
Since then Mrs. Stanford has kept up tho
trotting farm, which was tho main one,
on a somewhat smaller scale in memory
of him. Large numbers of fine horses
have been bred and trained, but no racing
has been engaged in. For some time past,
howevor, it has seemed advisable to close
the farm, and to this end the superin
tendent has been shipping large consign
ments of horses to the East at regular
intervals, where they, havo brought very
high prices. , "J-'i'i
' As long as men are Interested in horses
and harness racing the feats accomplished
at the Palo Alto farm and tho marvelous
speed developed by the horses raised there
will always bo remembered. It was there
that Electioneer was bred, undoubtedly
one of the greatest horses that ever lived,
and a granite monument now.. stands
above his grave. He was the greatest
producer of extreme speed the world has
ever seen, more than 1100 horses in tho
2:30 fist having sprung from him. His
sons and daughters held the "world's rec
ords for yearlings, two, three, four and
five-year-olds, and for mares and stal
lions.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Last of the Horses Raised
There Will Be Sold
in the Pall.
Ir.to a eea which to shore folk would
have seemed wildly angry Williams was
lowered by his 6h!pmates. His task was
to dive beneath the surface and secure
f_ ehackle to the lower outside edge of
the rudder. This done, he made fast
Etout wire ropes to 4 the shackle; these
ropes were spliced to the tackle above,
and the Homeward Bound's rudder •was
once more in commission.
To do all this Williams had to dive
Fome twenty times. The water was ter
ribly cold and his Fpells were necessarily
brief, but ho stayed with the. 'work until
the submarine part of * it was completed,
which was in about two hours. When
!:sulod on deck he was thoroughly played
out. but after a few hours' rept he had
r.lrcost forgotten the ordeal through which
hp had gone.
So well did the Jury rudder work that
<!*cptaJn Thompson yesterday refused the
services of a tug and reached Quarantine
urder sail.
Th* Homeward Bound called' at Easter
Island. Mate Williams went ashore and
'"overnor Cooper visited th© chip, taking
with him a liberal eupply of fruits and
firsh meat. Easter Island Is about 2300
miles west of Chile ar.d Is tho easternmost
ir;h'ab!ted Polynesian island. It'is famous
for its ancient gigantic statues. The
Homeward Bound was 172 days coming
from Antwerp and brought a general car
po. Fhe was» formerly the German ship
Otto Gildemeister, which arrived here two
yrars ago under a jury rig and after one
Of the longest passages on record.
The work of rigging tho Jury rudder
was simple enough as far as the spar ana
the tackle were concerned, but making
fast the tackle to the rudder at a point
several feet under water was a different
proposition, and Involved skill, nerve and
*r.durance In proportions seldom combined
in one man. In Mate Williams of the
Homeward Bound, howevar, was found
the material for the hazardous task. It
v. as a feat which if it could be produced
on the public stage would make Blondin's
tightrope look like a broad^esplanade and
the walking of it simple as the falling off.
Folsom street, and adds a new
chapter to the long ptory of the resource
fulness of the Yankee skipper and tho
pluck of tho American sallorman. In a
terrific sale off Cape Horn the Homeward
Bound's rudder stock was carried away,
and for some hours the bis bark floun
dered helplessly in the sea, the toy of
the wind, which in fierce blasts stripped
the helpless vessel of many sails. When
the- schooner Otella Pedcrson had her rud
der disabled In the China Sea. some
months ago captain and crew abandoned
her in spite of the fact that the vessel
was lumber-laden and not very far from
port. Captain Thompson and tho men
that manned the Homeward Bound were
made of sterner stuff, however, and as a
rpsult their floating home is safe in the
harbor.
The Homeward Bound's rudder stcok
carried away May 31 In latitude 57 12
south, longitude 77 west, off Cape Horn,
where the waves never rest and where
the water is icy cold. As soon, as the fury
<-f the g-ale moderated Captain Thompson
started to repair the damage/ and within
half a day the Homeward Bound,
equipped with as fine & jury rudder as
steered a ship, was on her way to
&in Francisco.
A stout spar was lashed In place across
the poop and projecting- a number of feet
on either side. The tackle for operating
the rudder was passed through blocks at
tho extremetics of this spar and around
th© drum in the wheelhouse, and when
completed one man was able to steer the
thip with the regular wheel.
THE voyage of tho American bark
Homeward Bound from Antwerp
to this port ended yesterday, when
the vessel dropped anchor off
Famous Breeding Es
tablishment Goes Out
of Existence.
Mate of American Bark Homeward Bound Performs* Heroic Sub
marine Teat While Off Cape Horn and the Vessel, Disabled
in a Storm, Is Able to Complete Her Voyage From Antwerp
PALO ALTO STOCK
FARM IS CLOSED
DIVES UNDER ICY WATERS
TO ADJUST JURY RUDDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
BIO SAILING VESSEL WHICH ARRIVED IN PORT YESTERDAY UN
DER A JURY RUDDER. THE FIXING OF WHICH OFF CAPE HORN
"WAS A MOST DARING PIECE OF WORK. ' (
35
I ¦•.•'¦.'_¦¦ - . ¦ ' • •!
\ Ij -J»ij^tiB8HB^BKaft^gg/i Tr N"o man should b» weak: no man should suffer the I033 of that vita! ele- ,
I n SeLSlX^jm^aSH/aSSSSfrF^f ment which renders life worth living. No man should allov.- himself to be-
k % MJrWcNW nHm^KS9»«[ come less a man than nature intended him: no man should suffer from tho '
1 Ttftjffiy, :" slns ot hls youth j when there is here at hand a certain cure for his weak- <
! J Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart brain and i
J UK*J23KBiik UililMtfSaMSjoSf • nerve, from which men suffer, are due to an early loss of nature's reserve i
fKxEBrmfcK. | gft'3f power through mistakes of youth. You need not suffer for this. You can <
) j BHSPPSmks " e restored. The- very element which you have lost you can get back, and
* ' iffiiilSisrttS^ vlPraHSUw you raay be as na PP v a3 any man that ' lves - *•
I JaMMBwEBBk. Iv Electric Belt, with Special Electric Suspensory (free), will restore '
) ffiEKSHCMaSA TO^^E*.^^J ' your power. It will check all unnatural drains and give back the old vigor <
I imSSfflS^^L-^V »^K^^M1 JIr - Geo - Haffer of 120 Valparaiso street. San Francisco, Cal.. Fays: <
I V*nB*&ifv3m!i3£+\\ \ "After suffering from Lumbapo and Sciatica for six months and tryini; all |
' VV|B|(fi>lWtT^li^S» wsBiK^in forms of treatment I used your Belt as a last resort, and am happy to say 1
J B5™ra^^*^^^^^^^M that * cot rcl^ ef after two weeks' application. I take pleasure in reconi- t
I V$»&i&zV&vm&&flBfflSSEBB&i This drain upon your powers causes Kidney Trouble, Rheumatism and \
I BjHSHr^T«PaiWlHR ThWbIKI Stomach Ailments: you know it's a loss of vital power and affects every '
\ ' mJBHMftT^nP^BfSj^TO^Bf organ of the body. Most of the ailments from which men surfer can be <
\ have cured thousands of men who have sauandered the savinsrs of 4
\ Sr^^'S-^ !r^^«K^^^^ l H M y Belt la easy to use; put It on when you po to bed: you feel the glow- 1
\ f§*-«^j&ls£X''/$Sil w^ W^«5 Jns neat from it (no stlns or burn, as in old style belts), and you feel the 4
\ f^^^^^^&^^^li.'Jl'^^ JIr - Chas - D'Ccw of 2029 "F" street. naker-fl»U, Cal., writes: "Tour Belt has
' /^fe'rfi^ /pW^P^>^S3£^9 cured m« of a severely aggravated case of lumbago, and wonderfully improved my ,
| /»IS?^^fflF^S^WmK^ra^^ An old man oi 70 says he feels " Btror -K ar ' d youns a3 ho d;J at z: >. That shows <
• j£w^M $5pP<SS«fi&*^'^^ II cur< * 8 Rheumatism. Sciatic Pains. Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. It banishes rain <
I Mffsr^StaM MJMmMlW&tfigffft Mr. It. L. Hobbs of Santa, Ida., says: "Sixty days' use of your Belt has mid* {
1 8tilSffiSSi'i?W^JE8SBKwB^i1w^BEa^a. a new m&n °f m *. an<^ I take pleasure In recommer.dlns: your treatment." |
: H«aBpPwBl?i nBssSSBLRvRltag.wl. What alls you? Write and tell me, and no matter whert you ar». I think I ran 4
' gjBHw^Z?Tilw&S^B^gyvy^? ym, give you tho address of some one in your town that I have cured. I've cured thou- J
>. HBBSBW»ye^ra^M|K8^^^;jr^' Vlk eands, and every man of them ia a walking advertisement for my B?lt. *
} Wj». Every man who ever yard It recommends it. because it !» honest. It does ?r?at ¦<
I BmBR^A -^ffyMBtCrafiranjjip^gL 'SraPL work, and thosa whom I have cured are the more crat«ful because the euro cost sr> 1
> 8^mP^7'''i\v8nirTBfrB^8 iffifflPfrfr yffisS^ E\-ery man who uses my Belt gets the advice and the coun.«?l of a physician (
I r^TJ^T/'a Tft?cSlftinlffl^PffiSt?jfla V™*!^*™ free. I five you all that any medical man can give you, and a lot that he can't.
1 Ti&ti&lr9 kwl^^^MK^»Tf^?<i^SkV^^a Try my Belt. Write me to-day for my beautifully illustrated bock with cuts -
fffiBtT«Wf n^IlissfBffiByf ffalifrtVafltti i1>Bl showing how my Belt is applied, and lots of good reruilnj: for men who want to b»
' jW^sBJrm-^SBPMPB^jWVfflHPWMlSy' "The Noblest Work of God." A MAN. Inclose this ad and I will send this bock •
! r^pHH^^^^ Dr. M. C. McLaughlir./^J™^" j
I THE RELICS OF flN OLD VETERAN |
I The Flag, Musket and Saber, I
I OLD Al\iVl Y CrjEST f
1 By GEO. E. SENSENEY. . 8
y* ¦¦'¦¦¦» ' ' O
ft II ¦ O
I "THE OLD ARMY CHEST." |
I This Beautiful Picture,'Tender .-Sentiment Jn Marvelous Tones, will be issued %
I ',>- Free with the G. A. R. -Edition of , %
I Tt)e Sunday Call, flugust 16^, 1905. %
% -— ¦ ¦»¦ .'."... ' .... o
§ All Newsdealers Sell The Sunday Call!
Cp -' ' ¦¦,.." ¦.-.'¦¦-" - " ¦ * ¦ <2*
I -And it would be welLto place your order early, as the supply is limited. m
I THEY ARE FRAMIIMG THE GALL ART SUPPLEMENTS I 1
8;l ¦: n-":- •: The Following Art Dealers Are Mate a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: > m |
« flAPRAMENTO- Hevener, Mler & ton Racket Store, 711 East Main street; SAN DIEGO— "W. P. Fuller & Co.. a ¦ fe
8 o« ink t «treet^C N > l5avls, book Gage's -art store. D09 East Main street; F streets ,-Q
| Sfi^ fe?KStS& , 111 Street " * FRESNO-Sroni* & Dick. g
g :.;PCTALUMA-H. : a Gutermute. J. • .£: 13 Tele- _.REDDING-W. H ; Bergh. - "Bergh g
g M. Wyckoff. , ; . i . graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Twelfth Furniture i Company" ; T. J. Houston. £.
Q SAN ¦ JOSE— George Denne, M. Len- , Jtreet. Houston Furniture Company. V
S ten & Son. * . " ' . ALAMEDA— C. P. Magapios, 1333. REDWOOD CITT— W.L. Kline. £
« STOCKTON— Morris Sros.' Book- Park street. , . SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cook» y
S Bto^e. 20 North Eldorado street: Stock- CHICO— Fetters & WUllazns. " Bros.. F. R. Hew. Q«ors« Hoban. <The Independent .Rifles had a private
picnic in , San Rafael Park last Sunday,
which was a decided success, only mem
bers, their ,'wlves and . families being pres
ent. The fun- was fast and furious. There
was bowling for ladles ; for fine,' expensive
prizes,' the lady making the highest score
to have "first choice " or pick of all " the
prizes, the next second ; choice and bo on
until all the prizes were disposed of. The
bowling ; was free and \ for ladies only.
Then'came games and races for children,
and ' then the races for members of the
company. .-. Dancing was in progress : all
afternoon by those whose tastes led thenj
to- participate; in that particular amuse
ment." : The affair was voted a perfect suc
cess. . . ' , . . , ' . . ' ¦ : , ¦-. '- : .
The members of the Austrian military
band tendered a serenade to Ewlng Bow
ers, a member of the band, on Monday
night in Fruitvale. It was a genuine sur
prise and caught .Mr. Bowers in his fa
tigue uniform. The band was prepared
for Just such an emergency, and had the
caterer, with all the good things to eat
and drink,, with them. Playing, singing
and speeches were Indulged in until the
last train for the city. C. Foster as toast
master excelled himself. A. Timmins. C.
Dittmar and | H. .Dibben made the crack
speeches of the evening. The occasion
was the moving of Mr. Bowers from San
Francisco into his new house In Fruit
vale.
CLUB PABTIES.
AT SEIGLER HOT SPRINGS: From Ean
Francisco— H. G. Muller. Mrs. Comeford, F. F.
Moulton, J. F. PJumel, G. P. Shannon, J. B.
Hayden. George J. White and wife, H. Hol
rr«ji and wife. D. C. Dinan and wife, M.
Behaa and wife, C. H. Cretan. J. J. Mack
and wife, J. B. Hawks, J. Loughlln, J.
Schwartz, IL Schwartz, Miss M. Wallace,
Hiss J. Wallace, L. Sisenvine, Charles J.
Cain, J. J. White. Mrs. C. M. Haley, Miss
L. Scott. M;es J. Fitzgerald. E. J. Barton
and wife, L. V. Thompson, R. W. Llewelyn,
David Crowley and wife, Joseph Stevens and
wife, :.:.fc.- J. Crowley, Miss J. Gleason, 11.
Uunnaean and wife. Dr. L. Scott, Frank
Davis, Mies Healey, Miss F. Theicen, Fred
Jones, MiFg Ada Davis, Miss A. Sheridan,
Fred Jewell, L. Carraine, Mrs. A. O'Neil, Miss
L. O'Neil, Frank Dennis. Charles Lane. Wil
liam Fir.clcan, R. A. Wolf, O. Bozio, H. P.
Borio. 2d Brfey. P. CoFta. J. Rocca, Mrs. P.
F. Nolan, Miss K. Nolan, W. M. Barness.
P. Pelt"rs, Jo*? Lowenstein and wife. Joseph
King, W. W. Scully. Captaia W. H. Barr.
William G. Barr. J. W. Cameron, Miss M.
Cameron, Miss P. Bateau, M. C. Mahoney.
Fred Eckers, Cai)t£.ln John C. Davis, Jor*t>h
Larkln, H. L. Moore, J. J. White. Frcm Oak
iand—Miss Carrie F. Schall. Miss Glenore Har
ris. S. J. Pringle. Miss Pringle, Harry Bolee,
Judge nJ. G. (julnn. W. H. Ua.vis, 3. E. Mc-
Eiroy. John Marca\ - ich and wife Morris Lane,
Miss C. Coughlin. J. W. Matthews, Wil
liam Matthews, E. Dowdle, Frar.k
Brown. Mies G. Harris, O. Peterson
end wife, Mrs. H. Matthews, C. M.
Emieh. From Aiameda— F. J. Croll. George
Keebeck. F. A. Eustace. From San Jose — Miss
liruug-fcton. Mrs. Broughton, Mrs. L. Lawrence.
rtom .Niii<i — Miss K. Beuschel.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — O. C. Coiner and wife. From Sac
ramento — Fred Cox and daughter. From
\\ eaverville, Cal. — Charles E. Gilzean, wife
afnd sons. From Klaxnath Falls — W. O.
fcmlth. L. Alva Lewis. From Eugene. Or. —
C. S. Frank, Perry Frank. From Pokegama.
Or. — Al Llndley, M. R. Potter. From Lake
view, Or. — C. C Stanley. From Sonoma. — O.
F. Griffin.
AT HOTEL MCOTTRIO: From San Fran
cisco—Miss Minnie Seavey, B. O Wilson, W.
H. Burt, B. W. Burt. C. A. K. Hedberg. Miss
Veva Van Dj-ck, John Butler. Mrs. T. Boch.
S. M. Gricgs, John II. Webster. Oliver A. Mc-
Cobb. Mrs. R. P. Web*Ur. R. P. Webster,
Clayton Ristenpart. Day Baxter, George F.
Klink. B. H. Klir.k. H. German, O. M.
FrarJUln, C. A. Ewett and wife. Mrs. H. Si
mon, MIfs Jopejjhtne Simon. Mrs. M. E.
Brown. Miss Lillian Welnfacder, Mies Cora
Simon. Mrs. G. Bindwald. Mrs. J. T. Lan« and
eon, Mrs. L. M. Roche, James Mahoney, J. L.
Khaffner. Hon. J. F. Gailagher. Franklin
Dun and wife, W. La Berge. Mr. and Mrs.
W. B. BlrdsaSl, O. A. Craemer, H. B. Freder
lck«. J. P. Wright, Miss Ida Leary. J. 6. Fox.
Malcolm A. Fraeer, W. M. Rellly. From San
Jose — Mrs. S. B. FQUires, Miss Mmnle Squires.
R. J. Squires. From Hollister — Mrs. Hattla
McCobb. Miss Alma. Drtnkwater McCobb.
From Redwood City — Miss Fannie J. Crowe.
Miss Linda Mullen. From Santa Rosa — C. A.
l-ape. From Saa Mateo — M. M. Roedal. From
Alameda — A. T. Fj>enc«. From Guerneville —
R. N. Tunstall. William Cole. From Petaluma
— Mica AC a M. Stone. From Sebastcpol — Miss
Frances Cain. From Camp Meeker^ — Charles
L. Darling;. Henry W. Darling. From Port
land, Or. — Miss Edythe Wadklns. From Dun
cans Mills — James Caligmri.
AT BEP.GESHEIM— Miss Edna M. Davla,
Fan Francisco; Mrs. T. J. Davis. San Fran
clsoo; William La&ge Jr.. Ean Francisco; Mrs.
William Lanre Jr., 6aa Francisco; Miss Eva
6s:lth Ban Francisco; Mies Davis Berkeley;
Miss Winter Philadelphia; W. KabI, Oakland;
Mrs. 8. A. Gleason. Ean Francisco; Miss G«ri
<>viFv» Gleascn San Francisco; P. Ca^ovla,
¦Oakland; Mrs. P. Casovla. Oakland; Mrs. J.
O. Pump 6aa Francises; Mrs. J. C. Owens,
E. .Anderson, L. Street, B. Btewart. A. Green
way. Can Francisco.
AT BLUB LAKES: From Ban Francisco—
C P. Han-ey. Charles Harvey. Emile Hai>
persberser, David Kerr Mr. and Mrs. Jam. s
M. Cumir.isp, Mrs M. B. Cummin*;. Miss Jean
Cummlng Mies Virginia Kerr Cumminjr, Miss
Mamie Sullivan, Mies Jose S. Larklna. Miss
Edith gherry Miss Ethel Sherry. L. W. Snow,
XT. J. Kearney. G. L. H'.nskatnp and wife. A.
J. Weldoa. Mrm. Charlotte Robinson. Walter
II Robtnson. E. B. Iiobinson. Arthur Larsen,
M>Ttle Larsen. I. Goodman. Louis Metzger.
I>r J V Leonard. Julius Sonnenbers, Mrs. J.
Marriott. Misa A. Marriott. Albert Waltersteln.
Adam Miller and wtfe. B. J. Petrie and wife.
Bam Koloman Frank Smith. William M. Peck.
Mm Captain B. Janssen. T. Hock, W. M. Ran
dall' M E Baker, H. H. Elliott. J. F. Shultz.
J Ra>-mond. T. J. Weldon and wife. Mi»?
Mary *G Weldon, G. Rosenberg. P. Harney,
Orrin McMurray and wife. M. A. Lars«n. L.
P Larsen P. 3. Larsen. G*orge Dawson. C.
j' Emith 'F. C. Lewltt, Willliam C. Bnead.
Fresno— Mrs W W. Burdick. Dorothy liur
riick Oakland—^George J. White. Charles
Iletoke. Alameda— L. L. Bchuler.
AT HOTEL CAPITOLA: Frora San Fran
iIbco—M. Stein and wife, J. W. Elstern and
wife Miss Alice Sommera. Mrs. Carrie Burns.
Mr Eeldon. J. B. liernhclm. E. C. Power, \V.
I* " Bradford Theodore J. Uoche, Paul \V.
kiiattuck. Mr. and Mrs. S. U Plant.
b F Richardson. Mra. C. E. Yeater and
two children. Mra. M. Clark. Mies Kadah
Bocth. M. Adeltdorler. Mrs. V. Verdeil.
Or B. K. Aldcn, I>r. Cere. W. H. Cray, T.
Urown and wife. C. A. Bennett. A. Gradin, S.
j'eresoa. J. J. Hendrick and wife, II. Dabel*
Uein and wife. H. H. Lynch, wife and non,
M'ss Etta Seaton, Miss Mattie Simonds. Mr.
• nd Mrs. T. F. McAvoy, Mix Minnie McAvoy.
Mie* Snirley. Miss Murray, E. Sullivan, Gus
Jacobs, Carl Biese, A. Shir** and wife, Tlllle
rtoltz. Charles L. Taylor, F. Smith. Frederick
It Starr C. J. Stephens, F. Mettmann. From
Oakland— Mre. N. I. Bon, Miss Helen Bon;
tiUs« Claire Bon, Mre. M. E. Chauche, Frank
Holler E. D. Batei and wife, Mrs. Charles T.
IVelch. L. P. Selby, D. H. Hand. Marjorle Ber
?ovlch. Elizabeth Wundaeb. J. H. Petherlck
Ir. and wife, Mies Bessie Morrison, Miss Ma
el Morrison, S. gchaman. W. Hanson. From
tierkeley — Mrs. Sloan, Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Me
fcvey. Mies Mamie McAvoy. From Ban Jose^ —
Addle B. Conroy. Ada B. Kelly. Mrs. W. F.
Hunt, P. Burrcll, Mis* Thompson, Mr. and
Mre. Barker, A. S. Brotherhood, W. Johnson,
i: F. Anderson, Thomas Kea, W. E. Kins,
trtto Zle«rler. C. AV\ Quitlr. William Klehard
•on. W. O. Mayer. Andrea Malrooz Jr.. Lotta
lirags Marcle Burchard. L. E. Appleton, wife
ind child, * H Payne. Mr. and Mrs. Will
Mathews, E. Ilihn, Forrest L. Bruch, J.
(V. DiMtnor*. Mrs. C. W. Cohb. Mies Jan«t
2obb, Mrs. D. E. Charman, Hazel C. Hlgby.
from Santa. Cru»— Mrs. M. E. Putnam, Mrs.
tieorge Heart. Mra. Gilbert. Mrs. Osboro, F.
k Peterson, Mrs. Fred O. Hlhn, Rich Thomp
ion. From Alameda- — William Zingg. From
Ftockton — Jane* A. Barr, Mrs. John Milco,
Ulllle Mllco. Frcm ' Bacramento — Mrs. E. F.
frazer. Mrs. 3. W. Wilson and two children,
jlftCye Frarer. MIm Mary Ru«sell, Mlu Jane
Relth, Mies May E. Carroll. From Fresno —
«rs. H. V. Ueedy, Miss Jennie Dore. From
ttfi*» Ell* .Wood Mcjduxry. From Chicago—
Mrs. ; Harry S. • Mlllzner has returned
Miss 'MoIUe Davis has returned from the
Bon Air and Is now spending some time
at Niles.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McGivern are spend
ing a few days at Hotel Del Monte.
Alan*N. Maginis.who has been spending
the summer months in Mill Valley,' will
return to ' San Francisco -f>n Monday.
• • •
Mr, and Mrs.. Thomas V. Q'Brlen ar
rived at Santa , Barbara last Saturday
from Catalina Island. They will return
to San Francisco about the middle of
August.
Miss Ethel Nourse of STS Carl street re
turned yesterday from Minnesota, where
ehe has been spending ; the last two
months. .
Mrs. Llllie Magnin announce the con
firmation of her son Edgar at the Geary
street Temple, Saturday morning. August
8, at 10 o'clock. Reception Sunday, August
9, from 2 to 5 olclock, at 636 Grove street.
Mrs. Basch and Misses Frances and
Rose Basch of Oakland hava moved to
609 Eighteenth street. . • •
Dr. and Mrs. L. A. Teague have taken
apartments at . the Berkshire for the
autumn. t
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. William Plagemann an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Edythe to Douglas C. Howard.
Mrs. Pink Shaen has left for a month's
trip to Los Angeles and Catalina.
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel O'Toole of Oak
land, who have been jn Mexico for the
last six months, have returned home.
Dr. Davie, a dentist of Fiji, returns to
his island home by the Ventura after a
trip to the East. While in California he
was the guest of Mrs. Dr. McLennan at
her home, "The Laurels.".
Mrs. Dr. McLennan of Tonga, with her
daughter, Miss McLennan, and Miss
Relchelmann, are rusticating at their
country home, "The Laurels."
• • •
Dr. and- Mrs. Victor Orella, accompanied
by Miss Alice Deming, have left for the
Orella rancho, at Orellas, Santa Barbara
County.
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Lievy and family
have moved from 1626 Buchanan street'to
1471 O'Farrell street.
• • • •
Mrs. J. H. Mallett and daughter have
returned home from Giant Forest, where
they have been sojourning for the past
few weeks. .
through Sonoma, | Mendodno, Lake and
Napa counties and after a week's. stay
here her husband will join her In a tour
of Catallna Island and Southern Califor
nia. At Los Angeles they will be the
guests of Dr. and .Mrs. P. Steinhart.
An elegant luncheon was given last
Thursday by Mrs. John D. Gall at her
home, 1424 Laguna street, to Mrs. Charles
Gall of Stockton. The tables were hand
somely decorated. . There .were fifteen
guests and all thoroughly enjoyed them
selves,, the hostess being- a charming en
tertainer. . ;>t ''.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given to Mrs. W. M. Adams by her friends
Monday evening, August 3, at her resi
dence, 115& Bernard street. The evening
was spent in singing, dancing and various
games, i Refreshments were served at 11
o'clock. Those present were Mrs. W. F.
Chick, Miss . Etta Chick, Miss Nellio
Chick, Miss Juanita Adams, Miss Edna
Adams, Misa Josephine Adams, Miss May
Adams. Miss Ruby Adams, Mrs. "W. M.
Adams, Fred Meyer, Otto Cash, Lou
Boehme, Charles Smeltz, Silvio Ros3i,
Pierce Robertson, Manuel Chevers, Erwin
Schwab, Manuel Bolveres, F. Dllllon, John
Adams and Clifford Adams.
I^vy, Arthur Levy, Miss Elsie Cohn, M.
Cohn, Mis3 Tillie Cohn, S. Cohn, Mr. and
Mrs. Griesman, Misses Flora and Ida
Griesman, Mr. and Mrs. Lewin, H. Lewin,
Herman Bauer, Arthur Bauer, Jacob
Bauer, Mr. and Mrs. Harris, Max Men
delsohn, Mrs. A. Mendelson, Mrs. Dobrln,
Miss Rhoda Ferner, Mr. Cash, Miss
Pauline Levy, Arthur Levy, Maurice
Levy, Leon Levy and Mrs. Meyer.
and Mra. Julius Levy, Miss . Rose
• ."••,-¦ •
home and will be pleased to receive her
friends at Hotel Dartmouth, S63 Post
street.
Miss Marlon L». Bear has returned from
liOs Gatos and .removed from 1232 Post
street to 1423 Octavia street.
Miss Rosa Goodman tma been visiting
friends at Palo Alto.
A farewell supper was tendered to Miss
Gussle Meyer last Tuesday evening by
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Levy at their resi
dence, 214 Seventh . street. Tke rooms
were beautifully decorated with . ferns,
flowers, etc., and presented a very pictur
esque appearance. Many toasts. | were fa
vored to the young lady, who will soon
depart upon the sea of matrimony, leav
ing for Portland to meet her future hus
band, S. Dobrln of Olympia,,Wash. The
following guests were present: Mrs. E.
Fliesher, Miss Celia Fllesher, M. Dobrin,
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Bacon were the
guests of honor at a dinner and a very
enjoyable surprise party given last
Thursday by Mr. Bacon's sister, Mme. L..
A. Sorbler, at her residence on Van Ness
avenue. The occasion being the nineteenth
anniversary of their marriage they were
the recipients of many beautiful" gifts.
Among those present were Mr. and Mrs.
Louis Glass, Miss Glass, Mr. and Mrs.
Theodore Halsey, Mr. and Mrs. G. E.
Bacon, Miss Arcelia Perkins, Scott Hem
ricks, Miss Ramona Henricks, Mr. and
Mrs. H. A. Ramft, Mme. L. A. Sorbier,
Misa Marie Sorbier "and Miss Cecile Sor
bler.
An enjoyable surprise party was given
Mrs. William Samuel at 1521 O'Farrell
street on Friday afternoon, July ' 24, by
her many friends. Those present were
Mrs. B. Levy, Mrs. K. Max. Mrs. A.
Rush, Mrs. H. Loverich, Mrs. M. Lafea,
Mrs. D. Emmick. Mrs. M, E. Harris, Mrs.
B. Ross, Mrs. H. Cohn, Mrs. C. Cohn,
Mrs. L. Houseman, Mrs. William Spier,
Mrs. 8. Kafka, Mrs. B. Joseph, Mrs. M.
Cohen, Mrs. A. Kronberg, Mrs. W, Wolff
and. Mrs. E. Evans.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
Miss Ruby Shalef at her home, 1037 How
ard street, Sunday evening last. The early
part of the evening was spent in games,
singing and dancing, and at. 12 o'clock the
guests repaired to the dining room, where
a sumptuous; repast was >ln waiting.
Games and. .dancins were kept. up. until
an early hour in the morning. 'Among
those present were Miss Taylor, Miss An
nie Farbsteln, Misses Esther Altman,
Mary Koenlgsberg, Sarah Koenigsberg,
Esther Buzzlnl, Margaret McShea, Olga
Regli, Jennie Raabe, Fannie Goldstein,
Mary Schneider, Florence Harris, Annie
Cuffield, Sadie Meyers', Fern. Williamson,
Mrs. Beck, Fannie Shalef and Ruby Sha
lef; Hans Wollesen, Manuel Harris, Harry
Harris, Harry Bishop, Jack Greenspan,
Herman Koenlgsberg, Yetta Sllverberg,
Willie Weinstock, Joe Levin, Ben Cau
fleld. Jack Franklin, George Franklin,
Billy Shalef. Mr. and Mrs. Steinberg, Mr.
and Mrs. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Barbsy,
Mr. and Mrs. Shalef and Charles Bahr.
HOME PABTIES.
Mrs. E. J. .Bogel was the hostess at a
luncheon given at her home in Mill "Val
ley last week to several of her friends.
The tables were spread under the tree3
and were artistically decorated with ferns
and flowers. Among those present were:
Mrs. C. Schmidt, Mrs. Macdonald, Mrs.
J. Gosliner, Mrs. H. F. Maass, Mrs. "W.
Harms, Mrs. E. Hoge, Mrs. H. Schlesscl
mann, Mrs. F. W. Volkmann, Mrs. ,<F.
Hennlngs, Mrs. L. Hoeckle, Mrs. A. Maas,
Mra. A. Cornahreus, Mrs. M. Gomperts.
Mrs. J. Thierbach, Mrs. J. Sichlau, Mrs.
K. Zlnnen. Mrs. E. Brunner, Mrs. C.
Stubenrauch, Ella Schmidt, Editha Bogel.
Gertrude Schmidt, Otto and Adolph
Schmidt. ¦•¦'¦'¦¦
AT BYRON SPRINGS: From Ban Fran
cisco — May Doherty. Annie Doherty; Peter
Crichton. H. McMahan. James A. Kclon C
L. Hall. G. M^tcalf. A. Metcalf. Preston ilor
ria, J. De3barta, L Levy. Alexander McKay,
Hr.-'K. S. Stern, Fred B. Smith. J. F. HInkin,
J. H. Green. J. S. Smith. John D. O'Brien
James Williamson. Mrs. J. Rickard John R
Kayers Edward Clark. Mrs. Alice Kavanaugh'
Mrs. Naughton, George W. Reed. Mr. and Mrs
W. J. Gorham. Colonel P. W. West. USA.;
Mrs. John Sloan. J R. Segan. James' Boyer'
Mr. and Mrs. J. I. Bell, John F. Kennedy.
Miss N. Kennedy. IT. P. Cheesebrough and
wife. Mrs. I. Le\-y. Mra. C..A. Walton Mrs.
W. A. Rogers. Robert Douglas Fry Jr. Mrs
C. L. Shainwald. Mr. and Mrs W. T Gar
rctt. E. S. Pick. J. F. Hink. Charles L. Shain
wald. F. II. Hardie, Ogden Rafferty Miss E
Patterson. William A. Mackey. Mr and Mra
W. F. Kane, Mrs. M. J. . GUnalgh. C. M.
Bchoonmaker. L. M. Juhl, James Cosgrove
Mrs. Coi-grove. D. McDonald. J. F Monroe'
Mrs. W. S. Scbere, Mra. E. W. McKinstry
Mrs. C. H. Hodges. Rabbi M. D. Levy Mrs'
Fred Cook. Mrs. P. F. Nolan. Miss Kittle Nol
Ian. Leo F. Nolan, Mrs. I. Levy, Miss Flor
ence Levy. Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Horton Mr
and Mrs. Thomas Kirkpatrlck. A. G. Smith
J. I. Bill. Father H. Lagan, Father P. Scanl
Ian. Guttav Katkon, Charlea Rhelnhardt Mrs
R. Grunfeed. Louis Bearwald Ben Levy Mr'
and Mra. P. A. McDonald. Miss M. McDonald
Jacob Hauck. Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Meyer James
Williamson. Daniel Casey, Mr. and Mrs Paul
Stelndorff. H. H. Welsh. J. H. Klngman." From
Oakland— Mrs. O. H. Hans, Mrs. L. Samuels
H! G. Torrence. C. A. Buckel, Sarah I. Sherry'
From Sulsun — Charlea Becker, William Becker'
From Wheatland — Mrs. E. M. Breuse Mra M*
W. Baxter. Krom Fresno— G. W. Taft, 'Mr
and Mra. H. Gilbert. H. W. Gilbert. H.; J.'
Longow. From Honolulu — J. Dater/ T. k!
James II. P. Roth. F. M. Brooks. From Mer
ced—G. B. Nordjrew. From Hanford — O. F
Pierce. From Colfax — James ' "Werry From
Carters— James K. Glbbs. From ValleJo-rH
M. FwiEcr, From Martinez— Mrs.. £wvta»
AT HOBERG'S RESORT: From San Fran
cisco — Mlas L. Renouf. F. Lleboldt. C Traul-
Bon, Miss Emily Engdall. Mlas Cecile Engdall
Mr. and Mra. Bartfeldt, John Barjrfeldt Ru
dolph Boryfeldt. Mr. and Mm. C. Weller." Mia-
Anna Weller, Claus Tledamann and wire J
D. Feldtrmann, Misa M. Sullivan, MIbs May
Mathews, Mr. and Mrs. C. Anderson, G. Miller
H. Etolzenwaldt, I. Schwartz, J. B. Hanks'
Mies L. Gleason. Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Barton
and baby, Mrs. Crowley, Mr. and Mrs. Mack,
MIm Healy. Mlas Wallace, Mr. and Mrs. Holl
rran, M. Schwartz, O. Bozio A. P. Bozio G
Pouchan. D. O'Neill Misa O'Neill. A. F. Ber
nard. Mrs. Bernard, L. Carraine. Mra. Carraine
Peter Wendelen and wife. Captain John Thode
C. Kortjohn. C. Pieperling and wife, Mtes
Ollle Williams, Harry Emery, Miss Mildred
Clegg, Miss S. Wolfskin, Mrs. W. Brayden
MIes Edith Brayden, Mrs. J. H. WolfBkill, C
R. Jewell. From Oakland— Mrs. H. Turn
Suden, G. E. Gates. Ida Noack. Misa Anna
Kraft. B. MeGInnls. Misa Harris, C. Helmke.
Cl. White. From Alameda — L. I*. Schuler.
From Han Anselmo — W. Wessel and wife, j.
Hammond. From Sulsun — W. Sweeney. From
Vacaville— Mrs. B. W. Parker, Boyd
Parker Jr.
AT VTLLA FONTENAY: From San Fran
cisco — A. H. Muller, H. Nitau, Mrs. H. Nitau,
A. G. Rlelly, Mrs. A. G. Rielly, F. H. gteln,
Mrs. F. H. Stein, Th. Thorsch. Mrs. Th.
Thorsch, Dr. Aug. Logan, Miss Lily A. Fiala,
Miss Adele H. Schlingheyde, Miss Helbmg,
Mrs. B. H. Levy, Miss Harriet L. Levy. Mau
rice Frank. Mrs. Maurice Frank, Miss Rena
Raymond Frank. From Kan Mateo— John II
Kimball, Mrs. John H. Kimball, Mrs. I. Rob-
Ir.son, Miss Alice Iiobinson, Miss Ruth Robin
eon. From .Salt Lake City — Governor II M.
Wells. Mrs. IL M. Wells, Franz Jungk. Mrs.
Arthur Bird. From Santa Cruz — Mrs. L. B.
McCorrcick, F. W. Billing. J. O. Home, Mrs.
J. O. Home. Milton Besse, Mies Bianca. Mc-
Cormick* From PIttsburg, Pa. — Mrs. E. A.
Vickerman, Miss Vickerman. From San Jose
J. R. Ooughlan. From Santa Fe, N. M.
I. A. Staab. C. A. Lindeman. The guests of
the villa were entertained in a most novel
manner on Tuesday last, having participated
In a "bohnen fest" (bean feast), which took
place In a redwood grove about one-fourth of
a. mil* from the villa, popularly known as
Franks Retreat, where they were served din
ner, the principal feature of which was'strlng
beans. The party eating, the most beans was
to be crowned "bean king." and the honor was
conferred upon Governor Wells of Utah, who
was crowned and toasted by Miss Harriet
Levy as follows:
Here's a toast, let all drink deep
To the alpenkoenig In his retreat.
And a tear for th« other kings and queens,'
Who think they know it all, when they don't
know beane.
It rarely is a touching sight
To see a noble appetite.
And minstrels long the praise will sine
Of Governor Wells, the bohnenking;
But now, good friends, you all will rt»e
While we beatow tfce second prize
On the real winner of the feat.
Who cooked the bean
By my faith Is a queen.
So a krauz to koenlgln Haesters.
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — William Sutherland, Mrs. Herbert and
family, John Hayden, John Xovitzky, Jatnes
Hayden. Louis Ives. J. Bonnemazou, Henry
*oTg and wife. Miss Rose Lyons. Miss K.
Lyons. E, Luby, William Fey. Joe Wilson, C.
H. Ciegan, C. J. Dougherty and wife, Mrs. T.
F. Judge, T. F. Kennedy, F. Castelburg, H.
Overmahle, J. D. Foley, ProftEsor W. J. A.
Ducommon. Dr. James Headrich. J. B. Bilafer,
Mrs. P. AJtube. Mrs. Altube. From Oakland —
A. Vilunga, U. McFadden. J. E. McKlroy, S
C. McElruy, Miss G. Harris, W. H. Davis,
Martin Katich. M. Carash, M. McGulnn J A
Stroud. From Bakersfield— Mrs. R. A. Ed
monds. Lotus Kratzrneo. From Sacramento-
Mrs. M. J. Burke, R. H. Singleton. From Mare
Island — F. Karipu. From Palo Alto — Mrs.
Ijarkin. Master Joe Larkin. From San Jose —
Charles Troust. From Nevada — J. J. Altube.
From Larkspur — Gus Fuzzl, Jerry Adams.
From New Vork— G. Cuttin. G. J. Shannon.
From VacavlUe— Miss McMurtry. From Stock
ton — H. A. McPherson, Alva Learned. From
Walnut Grove— J. D. Ritchie. From Napa—
Messrs. Smith and Meyers. From Los Angeles
— J. W. Hinton. From Angela Camp — H. F.
Porch.
J. N. Armsbj-. From Salinas— J. A. Bacher.
from banta Clara — Lee Morrison. From Cu
pert;no — M. G. Baer, William D. Loughead.
From Giiroy— Mrs. G. A. Wentz, Dr. C. R.
« caver and wife. From Santa Cruz — Mrs
Jensen and son, Mrs. G. A. Plalsted
Nol^on Mosher. From Ben Lomond— J G.
Triplett. Miss M. E. Lowry. From Merced —
Robin Rucker. From Maxwell— A. F. Sutton,
Pearl Sutton. From Seattle — F. C. Conahan.
From Maine — W. H. C. Lincoln. From Ben
LomonJ — Mies Edna L. Cohn. Cecil Z. Shirek.
From Ekyland— Miss Mary Morrison, Miss Em
ily Morrison, Miss Kate Morrison. From Sa
vantJi, Ohio— Miss Virginia Pyal. From Sky
land—George F. Culbert. From Minneapolis-
Mrs. McDonald Maclean. From Cupertino — D.
t . Bubb. From Sioux Falls — George M. Higby.
From Madera — Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Mace, Dr
W. W. Stocker. From San Francieco — Mr and
Mrs. Thomas E. Flynn. Mr. and Mre. E. A.
KeiL From San Jose— Karl Stull. Sara Hoes
man, Mrs. J. L. Stull. Robert Stull.
AT SUMMER RESORTS
AT AETNA, aPRINQS— From San Francis
co: It. Maertlns. Andrew J. Clunle, Marcus
Lawrence. E. M. Grimes and wife. From
St. Jjelena— W. A. Macklnder, E. Galewsky,
G^wcaji XJ, f BMm. £• jC p^>^iipffyn^^ L j^ J^°rTlnyi^»_
AT LAUREL DELL— Ethel Sherry. E. Sher
ry, S. Larkins. M. Sullivan, W. H. Cooper,
A E. Kretschener, Idalene O'Malley, Lottie
O'Malley, Mr. and Mrs. J, O'Malley, Edwin
O'Malley, Harry Howard, Mr. Ingerham, M.
C. Hamer, E. E. Renshaw, L. Connell, J. J.
Crowley, Myrtle .Daitt. , Dr. Eaton. C. M.
Alexander, George Roff, Louise Ron*, W. E.
Hommer. Charles Lachman, W. L. Hyman;
M. Ij. Samter, P. Myers, A. H. Smith, L.
Baruth, E. Baruth. W. S. O'Brien, J. Connell,-
James Cunningham, Mrs. C. Robinson, . E B.
Robinson, W, H. Robinson, Miss Pi-ingle, 8.
J. Prlnple. Mrs. S. B. Valentine,* Mr§. W. H.
Miller, Valentine Miller, Mrs.. R. Hennessy,
Percy R. Hennessy, Miss Mae Stout, Miss
Nellie Wheeler. W. Larken, Sol Sellgsohn,
Monroe D Green. John H. Powers. A. P. Sey
mour. Q. L. Carbone, F. M. Weger L. J>.
Halman, Mrs. Annie Halman. J. H. Voor-
Banger. R. C. Hosmer, Mrs. Annie Hosmer,
Mrs. Nellie Edwards. Mn. J. N. Rice, Mise
Anna O'Dea,. Mn. Carlos ' Contrado, L». L.
Gale, Ed Whltson, Will Ly tton. James < Fer
guson, Thomaa Wiseman, Miss. Maggie Curry,
Miss Alice Corley, MIb« Josle Smith. - Edna
Oreenberg. Carl Dunderberg-. Edw. ,Hamrrver
• teln - . . . v '
AT PASO ROBLEB HOT SPRINGS— From
Pan Francisco— H. H. Bardin, J. D. Morton,
H. H. P. Havet, F. Go«tz. Harry J. McEnroe,
wife and daughter; Fred W. Pitts, D. A. Men
denhall and wife. Miss Ella Johnson, Miss
Berryl Taylor, A. H. Frank, Leo Pocklvltz,
N. Mortenson and son, H. L. Paddock, J. F.
Kugent, J. F. Cleary and Theodore Hardee.
From San Jose— I. B. McMahill, C. W. Cobb;
Jacob Schlenker. From Loe Angeles — Mies C.
Benson T. D. Connelly, G. W. Sessions. Mrs.
H. Hitchkiss. From Hanford — F. Bader.
From Elmhurst — Mrs. M. Woodward. From
Berkeley — J. L. Barker, R. W. Tully and wife,
W. C. Gates. From San Luis Obispo — E.' "W.
Clark, E. S. Hoyt, Benjamin Brooks, Charles
RIckette, W. R. Spence, M. Lewln, L. ¦ M.
FitzhURh. D. W. McCurry. From Oakland —
Mrs. Ynuz Gallndo and nurse. Miss Gallndo.
From New York — Mrs. A. Mitchell. From
Omaha — T. J. Hysham. i From Tombstone,
Ariz.— W. H. Neel.
AT PARAISO SPRINGS — From San Fran
cisco: R. Rosenbaum and wife, Henry Block,
Edwin Cooper. Mrs. L. Cooper, Miss Tessa
Gorman, Mrs. A. Mahoney, Miss Lillian Park
er, Jackson Browne, Mrs. R. S. Browne, J. P.
Moran, H. S. Gable, G. P. Connell, D. Crooks,
W. G. Hummel and wife, J. T. Murphy, Miss
Sadie Mayer, Miss F. It. Wickersham, Mise J.
Farney, Miss A. Farney, J. J. Mahoney, Mrs.
F. J. Hoffman, Mrs. McGrath, R. R» Ritchy,
C. A. Gulnn, Eugene Kohlberg, A. Garrlgo,
Charles Mayer and wife. Miss Hilda Mayer.
T. T. Phillips. Louis Souo and wife, George
Koerner, E. F. Baruth, Mra. E. F. Baruth.
From Oakland — Mrs. E.- W. French and wife,
Mrs.- It. Schwartz, Mm. J. Steen, Mrs. Cooper
and Bon. Miss Alice Traek, A. Alexander and
wife. From San Jose — P. Estrade, Robert
Lawny, Delia Macabee, G. B. Mason, M. E.
Minaham, I. N. Chappman. From Watson
viile J. Cronk, Frederlcka Erikson, Mrs.
Luella Hudson, Robert Hudson. From Monte
rey — f. it. McQulgg, H. J. Sdhauppel, Mrs. F.
Gunzendorfer. ¦ . From Salinas — George R.
Feeny, 8. Hauscr, J. F. Froly, J, Berthelson,
H. Nelson. From Eugene, Or.— O. P. Waddle.
AT GILROT HOT SPRINGS— From San
Francisco: George Slebe and wife, A. F.
Medlne and wife, F. Becker, J. Brooks," Jack
Flangan, Henry Baack, R. H. Bacon, Mrs.
Minnie Hansen, George N. Bauer, Thomaa
Gerrity, Joe Paten, Mrs. M. Thomas Jr., Johrt
Nunes Bello. F. S. Sunta, M. G. Mottoe, J. B.
Fulton C. M. Allen and wife, M. E. Wagner
and wife, H. S. Llndsy, C. K.' Pernlam, M. E.
Wleland, Mrs. R. A. Wilson and child, Mrs.
H K. Irwin. L. E. Crandall, Mis» Kate
Thompson, H. N. Kllday, J. E. Harley, A. F.
Potter. From Altruria — J. D. Cardwell and
wife. From WatsonvlUe — Soren Johngon, Mlai
Minnie Jessen, Misa Jessie Anderson. From
Gllroy — Henry Mayock and wife. Miss Maria
Clark, C E Thomas and wife, MIbs Phoebe
Thomas, James E. Kannely, L. W. Kilpatrick
F. E. Kilpatrick. Hans Jorgensen. Conrad
Jessen, Mrs. M. P. Fitzgerald, Arthur Fitzger
ald, Miss Phlleta Fitzgerald, Dan Regan, Miss
Ella Reffan, II. P. Laws, Joseph Relf, Misa
Marguerite Fitzgerald. From Menlo Park— P.
J. Maloney.. .
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS: From San
Francisco — A. D. Grlmwood, C. B. Hobson and
wife, William Bercovich, D. C. Dlnan and
wife, I. Schwartz, Mrs. M. Schwartz, L. R.
Thompson, I. v Mack and wife. A. E. Pryor,
F. B. Lloyd, *Ir. and Mrs. D. O. Becker. Miss
Becker, M. E. O'Connor, A, Oolen. J. Oleuon,
H. Larson, H. J. Harris, J. Abrahams. E.
Simons, George T. Shaw, R. A. Dunann, E.
W. Ilauf e, Annie Jourdaine. sj Bessie Joyel,
Agues Joyel, Pauline Stanton^Xllllan Fried
man. T. F. Dunn, Mrs. G. F. Mannel, Mrs. F.
R. Mannel. F. Lippman. Mrs. C. E. Wiegand,
Miss C. Wlegand. Mrs. O. W. Nordwell, A. J.
Uolan. Mrs. Anna Cox. Mr. and Mr». T. W.
Johnstone, Mrs. C. Robinson, E. B. Robinson,
W. II. Robinson, Ethel Sherry, Edith Sherry,
Mary Sullivan, Josephine Larkins, A. Lang,
C. Dudley Dean and wife, Mrs. J. N. Rice, L.
L. Gale, Charles Towe and wife. J. Tuchten,
J E Degun, O'Malley Sisters Company. A.
Glover and wife. C. A. Glover. H. L. Foy, T.
Urou-n, J. Robinson. Mlas K. Parker, Miss
Margaret Parker. Miss . Ward. L. C. Swain
and wife. Miss J. Crowley, J. A. Stevens and
wife. Marshall Bird. From Oakland— Mr. and
Mre. B. Hayden, William Lang ' and : wife,
George J. White and wife, C. J. Helmke. D.
L Dun&van, Miss Edna Smith. Miss M.' Ken
nedy, J. B. Tallman, Mrs. J. B. Tallraan. W.
E. Dargie Jr., F. T. v Elsey. From Alameda —
Mr and Mrs E. A. Bunker, 'L. L. Schuler,
Henry Ward, Miss Mabel Ward. From Berke
ley — Mrs. R. Smilie and daughter, R. H.
Smille, MIes M. A. McGee. Catherine McGee.
From Rio Vista— L. P. Larson, Mrs. L. P.
Larson, A. M. Larson, Myrtle M. Larson.
From Napa— Dr. and Mrs. Porter, Miss E.
Porter, Robert Lamden and wife.
AT HOTEL VENDOMB. SAN JOSE: From
San Francisco— Mrs. Florence H. Moore, \v.
A. Titcourt. J. W. Chandler. George W. Boch
man and wife, T. C. Shaw, Mrs. J. Watson,
James H. Jones. C. H. Stegman, Mr. and Mrs.
It. A. Tuttle. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Monhetmer.
Herman Schussler, H. W. Goodall and wife
and maid, Charles Welnshank. Mr. and Mrs.
S. L. Goldstein, William Fries, Frank H.
Fries, Curtis Hlllyer. Miss Hillyer. Mrs. James
Otis, Mr. and Mrs. John F. Merrill. Richard
Altschul. Henry Levy, A. Aaronson, Mrs. C.
K Luff. Mrs. M. C. Wickersham. P. L. King,
W. M. Gardiner. Ed Haven. M. F. Dillon and
wife, E. S. Fltzhugh, B. S. Gallaudt, Mre. W.
S Graham, Miss Fussell, C. F. Runyon, P.
L'rmy, Allen G. Freeman, S. E. Epler. Wil
liam H. Stanton. J. Houseman, J. S. Lawson,
Dr. John Wagner, Miss Ethel Wagner, Sam
Blbo Sidney Weinshank. H. R, Newbauer,
Dela" W. Smyth. E. W. Newhall, Mr. and Mrs.
J W. Elstun. H. R. Steam. Dr. and Mrs. C.
G - . Strong. Archbishop P. J. Rlordan, Rev. P.
J. Cummins, F. G. Baker, Charles C. Pennell,
Mrs. B Straus, Miss E. Straus. W. J. Scott,
Charles E. Windrow and wife, Mrs. F. G. Rich
ards De Lancy Lewis. Mr. and Mrs. Richard
W. Costello, Mrs. P. K. Gordon, Mr. and Mrs.
F. B. Sadler, A. Greene, George Van Bergin,
Mrs. J. H. Hough, J. W. Jackson, Mrs. Ed
Weinlander. Miss Welnlander, C. A. Cory. John
J. Howard. From Fresnd — H. W. Smith and
wife W. Parker Lyon and wife. S. N. Griffith
and wife, Lloyd Griffith, Miss Hazel Griffith.
Frcm Oakland— Mrs. M. A. Tregore, Miss L.
Tregore. Mrs. H. K. Zalner. Fred Kahn, M. L.
Hadley. Mies Charlotte Elsey, P. R. Billingill
and family. Mrs. S. B. Coghill. Mrs. J. A.
Stanley, Miss B. Brown, Mrs. M. . Stewart,: Mr.
and Mrs. J. E. Curry. From Chicago, 111.— F.
Crar.o and son. W. J. Feron. Mr. and Mrs.
Hatley, Miss Hatley, W. A. Greeson, Edward
Withy From Los Angeles— Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas W. Phillips, W. C. Petchner. Mrs. E.
Wade. R. H. Raphael. Charles L. Batchcller,
Fred W. Boynton. Miss J. W. Duncan, Misa
A. K. Parsons. Miss E. H. Parsons, H. P.
Flint. Frcm Colusa — Hon. J. W. Goad, MIbs
Hattle Bell Goad. Miss Ella G. Richards.
rrora jonannesourK. DouuiAuit« — t-'- •^zri"
From San Leandro — P. Godchaux. From Tas
sajara Hot Springs— Mr. and Mrs. William
Jeffrey. \ From Tracy— H. M. Peck. From
Fruitvale— Major C. C. Clay and wife, Mrs.
Henry Wetberbee. From Jackson — Anton
Rickert. From Larkspur— Mr. and Mrs. Es
calle. From Tucson, Ariz.— Mrs. E. G. Cipo.
From Ineomar— Mrs. A. Virgo. From Han
ford—S. C. Walton. From LJvermore — D Mc-
Donald. From Madera— F. H. Floto. From
Etawanda— Mrs. William Gropp. From
Bloomneld— Mrs. H. M. Hall. From Shang
hai—J. H. McLachlan. x
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. I. Blmon of 1324 Hayes
street announce the engagement of their
daughter, Miss El?le Juliette, to David
Goodfriend of Nome, Alaska. : Miss Sl-
• • •
The engagement" Is announced of .Miss
Cella Oppenhelm and Edward Gensler.
They will receive their friends Sunday.
August 16, from 2 to 5 p. m., at 771 Eddy
fetreet. . _ . ,
ENGAGED.
Immediately following the Prouty-Kel
ler wedding another very happy wedding
party filled the church, when the Rev.
Ernst Bradley united in marriage George
P. Wetmore and Jtebecca E. Mathews.
After the ceremony tho bridal party went
to the home of the bride, 2146 Golden Gate
avenue, where a fine wedding supper was
provided and a most happy time indulged
In by all.
Arthur' G. Prouty. a popular salesman
of the wholesale Jewelry firm of Hall &
Sons, was united in marriage to Miss
Amy O. Keller of 806 Eddy street, San
Francisco, in - St. Stephen's Church on
Wednesday evening last at 8 o'clock. Tho
Rev. Ernst Bradley officiated and Ger
ard Barton played a wedding march. A
well filled church showed the popularity
of the bride and groom.
The marriage of Sybil Forsythe Bag
nail to Dr. Albert James Rice will take
place the 20th of this month at 707 Mason
street, the home of her mother, Mrs.
Thomas Albert Bagnall. " •
Julius Denecke and Miss Therese Cor
reia were married at St. Mary's Cathedral
on July 21 by Rev. Father Hanrilgan.
Miss Fannie Montrose, sister of beauti
ful Helene Montrose at Fischer's Theater
and of Ollie Morosco, the well known the
atrical manager, was married to Jethro
Warner, the tenor of the Castle Square
Opera Company, in Cleveland, Ohio, on
July 23. The couple have gone to London
to spend their honeymoon.
Miss. Irene B. Ward and Charles M.
Dufflcy will be united in marriage on
Tuesday, August 25, at St. Dominic's
Church. Miss Mildred Ward, sister of the
bride, will be maid of honor and Rafael
Dufflcy, a brother of the groom, will be
best man. The Misses Alica and Eliza
beth Dufflcy are to act as maids of honor,
and the ushers will be George B. Keane
and H. F. Anderson. After the wedding
the bride and groom will sair for Japan.
¦•BE-SO*
Charles Bightner and Miss D. Segall
were united in marriage at the Star of
the Sea Church last Tuesday morning.
Rev. Father Thomas P. Heverin, assist
ant rector of the church, performed the
ceremony. . , _ \:~-'£-iiUr.
WEDDINGS.
the gayeties of winter. Del Mon
te has a large' representation of local soci
ety and as soon '. as the games are over
those there will return to the city.
' The resorts are graudally/ losing their
animated appearance. The crowds that
have filled these places of rest are dwin
dling and before another month the resorts
will be practically deserted!
-^HE summer season Is rapidly
f~~^P i . drawing to a close and society
1 1 I people are returning from their
VV^ \^f country homes and the springs
refreshed and ready to undergo
mon will be pleased to see her friends
Sunday, - August 9, from 2 to 6 'o'clock,
prior to her departure for Nome.
SOCIETY EVENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO .- CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
PERSONALS. >
V Mrs..'lx»ul3 M,.' Getz of ' 1419 ;, "Webster
stre&t has returned' after an extended trip
36
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
! DETERMINATION S
I Will Achieve Much. ©
> You Can Become 2
! «' • ¦- ¦¦• ¦ ¦ *®
I My preparations will beautify all #
) —some just a little bit, most a great Q
> deal - • 5
[ MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S •
! LOLA IViONTEZ I
I CREME I
> Is so perfect • that hundreds to S
, whom I may refer you; will gladly Z.
' sing its praises. It is harmless. It ©
» Is effective. It will develop a thin O
» race, arm or neck— feeds the ex- A
> nausted tissues— creates a healthy a
I complexion. All druggists. 75c pot gs
( lasts three months. A. sample pot 2
» will be sent free with valuable ad- •
. vice for the return of this ad. with ® '
[ 10 cents.. ¦ . Q :
Treatment at parlors if desired. O
I I employ no traveling agents. 9
: Mrs. NETTIE HARRISON, I
: . Dermatologist '.¦' ¦'¦ ©
| - 140 GEARY STREET, g
\ San Francisco,. Cal: S
, , "> ; . ' NEWMAN & LEVINSO1T. •
Kearny and Sutter Sts. ? | i !.i:my •
Contifluation of the Bfldefmnslin Sale
Last week's great-success induces us to continue this sale for another week — All the original
values may still be had— we counted on a big business and prepared accordingly. We are ready
for another demonstration. Never were new, desirable undergarments offered at anywhere near
such prices as these:
NIGHT GOWNS '' -:- v DRAWERS CORSET COVERS
Muslin Gowns, with tucked and . Muslin Drawers, ruffle trimmed with Cambric Corset Covers, trimmed
hemstitched yokes....... 45c tucks - 25c with 4 rows of lace Insertion 4oc
: Cambric Gowns, trimmed with dus- Cambric Drawers, ruffle trimmed Nainsook Corset Covers, low neck,
ter tucks and ruffle ..... -..55c wlthjucks and hemstitching 45c prc ttily trimmed with lace-..- 65c
Cambric Gowns, V neck, trimmed JiS* Nainsook Corset Covers, exquisitely
with tucks and embroidery .......... 85c j" h v *^ ta " "V, U S m7 «S trimilied wIth laCC and embroid^
, Others at 11.00, |1.35, $1.50 to |3.S5 beading ,..^ M ....-...~ 75c
Long Cloth Gowns, yoke trimmed ri . I ;.. Icnc ,
with cluster tucks, hemstitching and CHEMlSfcb SKIRTS
lace insertion.... $1.00 Muslin and Cambric Chemises, plain Ca ra bri c Skirts lawn ruffle trimmed
¦ Fin. Nainsook Gown,. pr e «llv trim- «"' h ««'» »« b=n>'tich! nt s 90c
c"mbrdd«v hCm5titCheCl tUCk5 -toffi? Sfflt'^din"™ nil 'riS O»Wf Skirt,, tar. ruffle trimmed
emDroiaery $1.50 fcon * * g5c wl th torchon lace 51.0O
Others at $1.65, $1.95, $2.25 to $5.50 QthinW$!M7$lU^fS^tofA\p0 Others at $1.50, $2.00, $2.50 to $6.50
An Exceptional Silk Sale ffiKtt)
• 85c, $1.00 and $1.25; Fancy Silks.at 65c a Yard
To-morrow we start the selling of several hundred yards of Rich, High Grade, Fancy Silks at
Greatly Reduced Prices —The lot includes Taffetas, Louisines, Peau de Cygnes and Satin Armures
in the most popular effects of the season — The patterns are beautiful, among them all the latest
checks, plaids, brocades and;two. toned effects— Silks that never sell for less than 85c, £?Cf\
$1.00 .andjgi.25 per yard — all reduced for to-morrow's sale to.......... UJw
Sales of Floss Pillows Shell Combs and Pins
[Second Floor Kearny Street] [First Floor Sntter Street]
Another large shipment just. arrived of those We show an exceedingly large assortment of
excellent quality Floss Pillows, which we place Combs and Hair, Pins, in shell and amber, for
on sale Monday at the following, extraordinarily ladies' hair ornamentation — • that look like real
low prices : - shell — finely finished and strong — Just read how
Pillows, size 18 x 18, weight 13 oz 25c modestly they are priced :
Pillows, size 20x20, weight 17 oz..* -^ 30c Barette Combs...... .... ........ 30c, 35c and 40c each
Pillows, size 22 x 22, weight 22 oz 40c Sjd c fe t 30,. and 35,.
Pillows, size 24 x 24, weight 28 oz..... 45c wimw ........ -. -t
Pillows,size 26x26, weight 34 oz... 55c Back Combs - - 30c, 40c and 60c each
Pillows, size 28 x 28, weight 40 oz 60c Hair Pins, large loop- 25c, 30c and 35c each
*-s t s~* « • w* *r~X 1 I Second Floor \
, Sheep Skins at 35c Each fe^f>?
The best skins for burnt work you ever saw for 35c — which means that they are/me quality,
full size, good, clear skins, in such desirable colors as light, medium and dark Brown, light and dark
Green, Red, Tan, Terra Gotta, and Gray — We secured a large lot of them and place the
entire purchase on sale to-morrow — The special priced uring this sale is, per skin
Beautiful Handmade Collars Reduced ©25 1 ®
Finest of imported ready-to-wear COLLARS and REVERES for dress and coat trimming
marked at prices which guarantee rapid selling — some are beautifully spangled, some braided, others
exquisitely appliqued in black, steel and velvet— over 50 different shapes in latest designs to choose
from — -all at greatly reduced' prices:
Collars- Formerly $3.50, reduced to $1.50 Collars Formerly lio.co reduced to ........~ $6.25
Collars Formerly $3.75, reduced to $2.00 Collars Formerly $12.50 reduced. to $7.50
Collars Formerly 54.50, reduced to......; $325 Collars Formerly $14-5° reduced to $8.50
Collars Formerly $6.25, reduced to ....• .$4.25 Collars Formerly $15.00 reduced to 59X0
Fine Values in Arabian Lace Curtains
• ' '. [Second Floor Sutter Street]
Doing double the business in Lace Curtains we did last year — stock twice as large, variety
bigger and better — because of the great quantities of Curtains we are constantly offering, we are
in position to advertise many extraordinary values — These for to-morrow:
Arabian Curtains with plain centers Arabian Curtains, with cable net Arabian Cable Net Curtains,' with
and corded borders, all new designs; centers, pretty scroll borders, full size; elaborately corded single and double
worth J3.C0 pair, at - $2.50 worth $3.75 pair, at. $3.00 borders; worth $4.25 pair, at $3.75
Arabian Curtains, novelty patterns, Arabian Curtains, fine cable net, Arabian Curtains, for parlor use, ex-
with plain centers; worth regularly In a choice variety of exclusive de- quisite designs in novelty effects; worth
; $3. 50 pair, at - $2.75 signs; worth *4-oo pair, at $3.50 $5.00 pair, at $4.25
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any address
AEVEBTTSEMENTS. -^
I Dry Goods -^Iliift^ Company. I
1 Table Linen at Importation Cost |
I SEMI-ANNUAL SALE g
s Of Warehouse Samples, Table Cloths and |
§ From John S. Brown & Sons, Belfast ; Richardson Sons & * «
§ Owden, Belfast ; Erskine & Beveridge, Dunfermline ; p
g Shields & Co., Perth. * |
I Sample French Hemmed Damask Cloths §
I Sample Hemstitched Table Cloths |
o ¦ * Q
CHOPT I PNfiTHm S
§ MiUKi LniXVJinzj g
O Glass Linens, Table Linens and Crashes &
I MARKED WAY DOWN p
a • s
S Orders from Hotels and Restaurants receive Special Attention, g
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
o ( csrj &cd StocHos Streets. Union Square. ' ;^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
* a71 &EAXy-&TSf 1
BBSBHBBHHBB8S9I
g WRINKLES Hli : fti
~ and all facial » «c^?yOB|
g£ r-emoved by the • g*£aBHHia
g RETSLOFF M S I^^S
?J No knife. No pain. |£ r&WZSmZ
2 Witch Haael and Astrln- faj 'vV^B
*¦ rent The peer o( all m
B .5wa fooS. »2.. Dr. E. H. RETSLOFF. g
B "504 CUy St.. near Fillmrre. id
nKBBBgHaBaagEaaaBaaESQ
{ Extra Special Sale
\ Japanese Store, 336 Kearny St
Visitors, Don't rail to See
QUONG WING TAI & CO.,
32O KEARNY ST.
Largest Stock of Chinese and Japanese
Goods in thu City.
C1\Vri A I B«u»tiftT. Silk Bud- |T J- —
| SPECIAL s^Sqj^ft 15cap
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial- blemishes are removed by
DR and MRS. A. W. - TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building;. 11T0 Market street, eor. Taylor, rooms
23-29. with the electric needle without pain or
«cax; serma&enc7 euaranteeJ; hours 1 to 4 P-ta.Donald Y. Campbell of San Mateo yes
terday began a suit for an injunction re
straining the Bowie Estate Company and
the El Cerito Land Company from shut
ting off his'water supply pending the set
tlement of an old account. He claims
that he haa been always ready and willing
to pay the account, but has been unable
to do so because of doubt as to the per
son or persons to whom the money is due.
Campbell Wants Injunction.
About 1000 skilled glass cutters In twen
ty, towns in Bohemia have struck. Work
is done by the piece at prices which give
the average wage 45 cents a day. The
skill of these famous Bohemian glass cut
ters depends upon the fact that they are
trained to it from the age *of six years.
Much of the work is done in homes with
foot power ' lathes" and one-third of i the
artisans are women.
Mrs. Fannie Thoroughman, 307 Leaven
worth street, secured a warrant from Po
lice Judge Cabanlss yesterday for the ar
rest of Theodore Lowe on a charge of ob
taining money by false pretenses. She al
leged that on July 15 she. paid Lowe $200
for the publication known as The Raven,
on the representation that' It was In a
paying condition, had no debts and that
the net profits for the month of June
was $212 40, but she found that the re
ceipts were not- enough to • pay for the
printing. Lowe was arrested and released
on $250 cash ball.
Lady Wanted to Own a Paper.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Mari
pesa arrived yesterday from [ Tahiti. She en-,
countered head winds almost throughout th«
passage. Bhe brings word item , the South
Seas that the pearl islands adjacent to Tahiti
have again been visited by heavy storms, not
to violent as the. recent visitation which
wrought- such fearful havoc, but sufficiently
severe to interfere .with .the. pearl Industry.
Tahiti itself Is free from these ' storms. ¦ The
Mariposa brought the largest cargo she has
ever carried from* Papeete. It Included 50,000
cocoanuts and 18.940 sacks of copra. Miss A.
Pomare. of Tahiti's ancient royal family, .was
a passenger on the Mariposa. The other pas
sengers were: '
Mrs. D. Atwater, V. t Martin. Mrs. V. Mar
tin Mrs. J. Nichols, Mrs. E. T. Morris. Mas
ter B. Morris. V. Marsot, F. Joly. Mrs. F.
Joly. -W. Enman. J. A. Clemm, A. Gourgon,
H. Kambke, A. Cangue, L. Dallest. -
Mariposa Arrives From Tahiti.
The tax bills are now being made out
In Tax Collector. Smith's office, prepara
tory to collecting the taxes next October.
On Thursday 4721 bills were made out, be
ing an average of 167 for. each, man en
gaged on the work. On Tuesday 5993 bills
were figured, an average of 199. The office
is at a disadvantage, owing to the fact
that the Board of Equalization is likely
to raise the assessment of San Francisco.
On that account the valutlon Is left off
the bills until the action of the board is
known.
Figuring Tax Bills.
Wong Ping, the hotel reporter of the Chi
nese Dally News of this city, assisted an Ori
ental friend yesterday to carry his baggage
on board the liner. Siberia. "Wong bowed his
friend arood-by and would have come ashore,
but a Chinese Bureau official spotted, him and
ordered him to remain on board. Ping is a
native son, but he had to send for his lawyer
and a score of Chinese friends before he was
allowed to land, and even then was takon to
the detention shed ¦ and held until he proved
beyond a doubt his right to be in free Amer
ica. While the bureau officials were holding
Ping on the Siberia the Chineso in the deten
tion-shed were taking notes of an evidently
extremely interesting message being delivered
to them by a strong-lunged Chinese from the
top of a lumber pile about a block from the
Mall dock. The customs officials , have no
longer anything to do with the enforcement of
the exclusion act and the Chinese seem to have
found quite a difference. Communication be
tween the detained and local residents has al
ways be-an prevented as far as possible. Under
tho old order there were always enough cus
toms officers In the vicinity of Hotel Mon
golia to make communication difficult. For
the last few days, however, the man on the
lumber pile has been making the most of the
open window, and whatever his loud oration
meant It was of enough 'Interest to those in
the detention shed for them to make careful
and apparently voluminous notes.
Closed Door and Open Window.
The number of schools Is 82, the number
of days the schools kept open, 193; aver
age daily attendance, 3(5,065; number of
teachers, 1073.
The Board of Education filed its annual
report yesterday with the Board of Super
visors. The receipts of the fiscal year 1902
1903 are shown to be as follows:
From State taxes. $700,053 60; from city
taxes. $402,832 S8; from rents (Lincoln school
lots), $48,000; from other rents, $0962 40; from
sale of old material, S5&5 35; from surplus,
1WXM001. $33,270 01; from surplus, 1901-1002,
$105 181 60: warrants for consulting architects
not paid, $1568 07; total, $1,302,353 91; ex
penditures, $1,382,956 M; surplus, $9307 33.
Average Daily Attendance of Pupils
During Fiscal Year 1902-03
Was 36,965.
BOA BD OP EDUCATION
FILES ANNUAL BEP0B-T
The Board of Education " received a
communication yesterday from the Board
of Public "Works statin? that the contract
for the heating and ventilating plant In
the Noe Valley School had been awarded
to R. Dalzell & Co., the lowest bidder,
for $5779. This Is the first Intimation the
School Board has received regarding the
cost of the plant. The neglect of the
Board of Works has caused the School
Board to withhold approval of the con
tract, as was published in The Call re
cently.
President Woodward of the School
Board Is much Incensed at the fact that
no estimate of cost for the plant had
been heretofore submitted . to that body,
as provided by law. The board . is not
satisfied with the explanation and has
already notified the contractor that he
will not be allowed to enter the Noe
Valley School building to install the plant.
In explanation of its failure to submit
an estimate of cost to the School Board
the Board of Public Works states in its
letter that there were so many different
plans of heating that it . was . Impossible
to make estimates of cost, as it was nbt
known which would be accepted. The
letter further states that, though the
award has been made, no formal contract
for the performance of the work will be
entered into until the School Board ap
proves the award.
Board of Works Explains Neglect
Begarding .Heating Plant in
Noe Valley School.
EXCUSES FAILURE TO
FI_E COST ESTIMATE
|No. Issued.! Receipts.
Street space permits... 1,046 140.745 00
Sidewalk permits 302 6,520 00
Sub-sidewalk permits . . 58 3,000 00
Kettle permits 66 1,110 00
Special deposits . . 60 00
Removing debris from
streets . . 3 25
House building fund... 2,077 17.7&3 00
House moving fund 71 3,555 00
Teerins up street fund. 1,755 55.029 02
Advertising charges ... . . ~ 1,068 00
Miscellaneous ... 300 50
Totals 6.235 $129,864 67
The Increase of receipts for permits over
those for 1901-1902 was $43,657 15. The num
ber of contracts entered into was 71. Work
has been completed on 42 contracts and is
in progress on 29. The board held 112
meetings during the year and passed 1045
resolutions.
The sum of $46,313 15 was expended for
building the flre engine house on Bush
Btreet, near Taylor, and $14,993 37 for the
completion of the police station at Fourth
and Clara streets. The following table
shows the number of premits issued and
the receipts for the same:
The Board of Public Works yesterday
complete'd the annual report of the oper
ations of its various departments for the
fiscal year 1902-1903. and will submit the
document to the Mayor to-day.
The report contains an itemized state
ment of all moneys received and expended
by the Department of Public Works, to
gether with a general resume of all work
performed by and under the direction of
the board. The Bum of $364,080 was appro
priated for general maintenance and the
total expenditures for this purpose were
$363,948 88, leaving a surplus of $131 12 in
the fund. The sum of $55,985 30 was ex
pended for cleaning and repairing sew
ers; $52,753 for repairing basalt and cobble
streets; $18,242 22 for repairing bitumen
streets; $1704 63 for repairing Market
streets: $7394 76 for repairing streets on
water front; $8276 93 for repairing county
roads; $186,493 12 for cleaning and sprink
ling streets, and $4497 66 for cleaning
Chinatown.
Mrs. Kate Wilson, great Pocahontas, Sacra
mento: Mrs. Minnie Betts, great Wenonah,
San Francisco; Mrs. Annie M. Bliss, great
Mlnnehaha, San Francisco; Mrs. Mina Rew,
great prophetess, Alameda; Mrs. E. J. Bra
zlle, great keeper of records. Sacramento; Miss
K. A. Keane, great keeper of wampum,
Stockton; Mrs. Ida Hudson, first great scout,
Alameda; C. R. Campbell, second great scout.
Fort Bragg; Mrs. Hattle Beach, great guard
of the tepee, San Francisco: Mrs. Louise Todd,
great guard of the forest, Oak Park..
In the entertainment the tribes will be
assisted by committees from Wenonah
and Tehama councils of the Degree of
Pocahontas.
During the same week the Great Coun
cil of the' Degree of Pocahontas, which
is the ladies' branch of the order, will
open Its great sun session in the capital
city. The reports of that branch of the
order will show a gain of twelve new
councils and a very creditable gain In
membership— nearly 1000.
Following are the names of the great
chiefs of the degree of Pocahontas:
J. R. Tyrrell, great sachem. Grass Valley;
Jacob Samuel, great senior sagamore, San
Francisco; C. S. Davis, great junior sagamore.
Angels Camp; James Boyes. great prophet.
Ban Francisco; P. L. Bliss, great chief of rec
ords, San Francisco; William J. Smith, great
keeper of .wampum, San Francisco; Jo«lah
Sims, great representative, Nevada City; Wil
liam J. Smith, great representative, San Fran
cisco; James Boyes. great representative, San
Francisco; Emllio Lastreto. great representa
tive, San Francisco: J. Harry Hutaff, great
representative, San Francisco; E. P u Mclntire,
great sannap, San Francisco; L. H. Enemark,
great mlshlnewa, San Francisco; James F.
Whlpple, great guard of wigwam, San Fran
cisco; S. L. Richards,' great guard of forest.
Grass Valley; Edward Conolley. great trustee,
San Francisco; John H. Rlppe, great trustee,
San Francisco; Charles Fowler, great trustee,
San Francisco.
The headquarters of the Red Men will
be at the State House Hotel. Committees
from Cosumnes, Red Jacket, Red Cloud
and Metamora tribes of Sacramento and
Winnebago tribe of Oak Park have ar
ranged for the entertainment of visitors.
The following is the programme:
Monday evening, August 10 — Open-air con
cert In plaza.
Tuesday evening 1 , August 11 — Reception at
Crocker Art Gallery.
. Wednesday evening, August 12 — Open-air
adoption in amplified form at Sutters Fort by
the team of Consumnes Tribe of Sacramento.
A reneral cood time is assured, with corn
and venison cooked and served in good old
Indian style upon the spot where General Sut
ter met and traded with the aborigines before
the birth of the State of California.
Thursday evening, August 13 — Free vaude
ville show and open-air ball at Oak Park.
Friday evening, August 14 — Excursion on
Sacramento River, after which good-by till
1004.
Jacob Samuels, at present great senior
sagamore, will be advanced to great
sachem, and C. S. Davis of Angels Camp
will become great senior sagamore. There
Is to be a contest for the position of great
Junior sagamore, which Is the starting
position for the highest station in this
reservation. Upon retirement from the
great sachemship J. R. Tyrrell will be
come great prophet. The following named
are the great chiefs of the order:
While the council fires are burning there
will be a number of amendments to the
laws. These are to b'etter the manage
ment of the affairs of the order, and the
great sachem's report will contain a num
ber of recommendations which he thinks
will, if adopted, greatly improve the or
der.
The Great Council of the Improved Or.
der of Red Men of the reservation of Cali
fornia will hold Its next sun council, the
thirty-eighth, In the hunting grounds of
Sacramento, commencing next Tuesday at
10 o'clock. The council flre will be kindled
in the long house, which is the Indian
designation of the State Capitol building.
There will be about 250 delegates present,
representing eighty-six out of the eighty
eight tribes of the reservation.
The Great Council will be opened by
Great Sachem J. R. Tyrrell of Grass Val
ley, who will call for the report of the
committee on credentials. This will show
the largest number of representatives that
has ever gathered around a council flre
in the history of the order in this reser
vation. The reports that are to be pre
sented will show an increase of eleven
tribes during the great sun that is set
ting, and an increase of nearly 3000 mem
bers during that period— almost double
the gain made during the great sun term
by any preceding great sachem. This is
a net increase.
Will Meet in Sacramento *as
Will Also the Degree
of Pocahontas. "
Receipts for. Permits of. All
Kinds Show Enormous
Increase.
Great Sun Council of Red
Men of Improved
Order,
Board of Public Works
Completes Annual
Report.
GIVES FIGURES
ON YEAR'S WORK
INDIAN BRAVES
TO MAKE LAWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
37
T||CpAM MINERAL
lUOUAIi SPRINGS
located tine milee northeast of Red Bluff on j
the line of the Southern Pacific Railroad. j
The undersigned begs to inform the public |
that It has succeeded to the ownership and •
management of these famous springs, and It
Is their puipote to conduct them in a manner j
that will Insure such care and comfort to its •
patron* as will be thoroughly satisfactory. Par-
ticulsr attention will be given to the cuisine
and dining-room service. Furthermore, it Is
the Intention ol the new owners to extensively
Improve and beautify the property — which,
added to the marvelous curative properties Qf
the various springs In cases of Oout, Rheuma-
tism Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. tMabetes.
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urinary trou-
bles Skin Diseases. Dyspepsia, Cystttls and
Blood Diseases of every description will place
the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" In the front rank
of the famoue mineral springs of the world.
Cases of RHEUMATISM. GdUT AND ALL.
BIX5OD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
V.VDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED V.'ITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the fcouthem Paciflc Company's system of rail-
ways and Its connections • throughout the
United State*.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experienced physician resides at the springs.
£tago transfer service between Red Bluff and '¦
Tuxcan Springs. !
For r»tes cf fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southern Facing Railroad Agent.
f. HOTEL CAPIT0UW
Tha Seaside Besort of Central I
California, M
Only three and a half hoars from I
Ban Francisco. Bound trip, rate, m
94-50. II
Boating- on River, Fishing*, Surf I
Bathing", Naphtha Launches, Or- H
chestra. Band Concerts. Bowling'. H
Board Walks. Special Amuse- t
ments for Children. _
I August and September Ideal
Months.
Salmon Fishing 1 now at its
height. Electric Railway to Santa
Cruz, four miles.
More Information and descriptive book
by calling on Peck's Bureau. 11 Mont-
i gomery st., San Francisco, or by ad- ¦
dressing Hotel Capltola. Capltola. Cal. Jj
Santa Catalina Island
3*4 Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1803.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING. BATH-
ING. FISHING. GOLF. ETC.
The Famous Ganras City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment, In Sntdy
Grove.
HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open. -
Reservations Made. Address
SANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY 8T.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MOlfTEEET COUHTX, CAIi.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, II Montgomery street.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Our patrons of last season say: "Ta-
boe Tavern is the equal of any summer
resort hotel in the world,"
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit ua
and prove statement (or yourselves. Rates
from $3.50 per day upward. ! For particulars
or reservation of rooma address Tahoe Tavern,
Tahoe City. CaL
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
STILL HAS THE CBOWD.
BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR SERVICE.
During the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert. Band In full uniform will be
at the springs. '
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Prop.
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from UklaJi, Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only place
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations; table first-
flats. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
warri: sulphub sfsxkqs— Most
accessible springs to Ban Francisco. Round
trip $1 no stage fare. Only 2% hours' ride;
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and plunge'
culpfcur baths; wonderful cures of rheumatism,
neuralgia, eczema, kldoey. liver and stomach
diseases Beautiful grounds and lake for boat-
ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowling
alley croquet ground*. Rates, $10 a week and
up Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo, Cal.
Y . PESCADEBO.
Swanton House, under new . management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebble
beach fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phone.
Rates'. $8 and $10 per week. W. L. STEVENS,
Proprietor. • ¦'''¦[ '-'
TBEEMAN K0TE&, ~
Auburn. Placer Co.. Cal. Most popular sum-.
mex and winter resort In tha foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electric lights.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN A WALSH. Proprietors.
BERGESHEIM — In the Santa Cruz red-
woods: $7 and $8 weekly. For circulars writ*
Mrs E. Wllken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa' Cru».
Bright Outlook for Prune Growers.
BAN JOSE, Aug. 8.— At the meeting: of
the San Jose Grange to-day, F. W. Cran-
dall, a prominent fruit grower, who has
Just returned from a trip to Europe, re-
ported there was a big shortage in the
prune crop of the Old World. He said
the Santa Clara prune growers should be
able to maiket their crop this year on a
3% cents basis. He advised them to stand
together, and they would get this price.
We wish we were still of the age when
we were not expected to do anything but
grow and say "Please" and "Thank you."
•3 : i — —a;
Instructions for Framing
"THE OLD ARMY CHEST,"
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ABT SUPPLEMENT: '¦
Frame in three-inch plain-
scooped grilt or three-inch. Flem-
ish brown and burnished' gold. •
! SCHUMACHER & GO. <>-•) |
I Jewelers j
| 8 New Montgomery St. Also Entrance from Palace Hotel Corridor J
j Precious ana Semi-Precious Stones, j
> Watches, Gold Jewelry. , j
?CALIFORNIA |
SOUVENIRS. i
> Uold quartz Jewelry— Specymens of All Kinds. S
! Watches and Jewelry Repaired at' Reasonable t
! ;; Prices. |
DoveShooting
' Is Good Now :
! •• —AT *
Paso Robles j
; Hot Springs
For Particulars Write
J W. A. JUNKER.
( ' Lessee and Manager,
, Paso Robles, CaL
Or Call On !
' ¦ THOMAS COOK A SON.
< > €25 Market Street.
1 1 San Francisco.
! Infonr. atlon Bureau. Southern Pacific,
€13 Market Street.
>< t«ttTr».»«....>>.>»..» r
NAPA INapa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal.
FOR HEALTH AN'D PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Ecxla Spring. Situated 1000 fe«t above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold eodm
fcaths Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains daily 7:30 a. tn. and 4 p. ra. Add.
DOLLMAXX & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
have a good time-
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
lett Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
2 Sutter St., S. F., for full informa-
« jion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only rolf links la California with full
> !.-..« course equipped with perennial turf
creeas. Tfcla course Is provided exclusively tor
\ix fruests cf the hotel.
POLO, ALTOMOBILINQ,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates. $3 60 per day and up.
Special rates by the month oa application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. M*r.
IXGrST AND SEPTEMBER SHOULD BE SPE5T AT
JETNA SPRINGS,
Here everythlnr ccinbines to make an Ideal
pleasure place. Mountain air and health-
Kivl^g waters. Splendid table service and
homelike rooms. Fishing, ewlmmlngt bowling,
driving. Buy tickets to Aetna Springs and re-
turn S" round trio from San Francisco.
__TZ7A SFXLX— OS COMPAITi
?etna Sprinps, Sapa Co., Cal.
NKW _N2~X.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
EAJC JOEE. CAL.
SU'IMMING.
BOWLING.
AUTOMOBILES.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
- Wonderful curative properties for all dlsor-
* «iers of the etorcach. Also a poeltlre cure lor
liver and klfiney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage- $10 to f 14 per week. Beet irout flrtlng
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket. 8. P. of-
fice $8. For particulars call at Peck's Bureau.
11 * Montgomery et.. cr address JOSHUA
BPIEH6, Prop.; mall via MldAletowa.
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLT 18 HOURS FROM EAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLT ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLT ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. S. —ANN, 613
MARKET ST.. EAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL WILLITS.
Flrrt season. New bulldlnr: up to date
eoulpnient; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
fumi£h«d; larsre dining-room; rooms en suite
vlth private bathe; hot and cold water; elec-
tric :ight»; first -class plumbing and perfect
tewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
eround with all their pleasures; center of tha
Aetr hunting and fishing of Mendoclno County.
»2 to S3 60 p*r day: $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manager, wil-
llte. Mendoctno County. Cal.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Vatural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters.
iwi— tnlr.g t>ond. games, livery: $9 to $14 per
week. Booklet* at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st..
i cr H. II. McGOWAN. Selgler. Lake Co.. CaL
OWN A HOME MEEKER
Free frc— fcg and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating, bath-
Ing, tenting ground: sawmill, depot, store. P.
O. Esusallto ferry- M. C. MEEKER. Camp
Meeker. Sonorna Counry.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. EISKITOU CO., CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and ttealth resort on
the coast. Send for booklet.
•. EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs.
1C hours' rail to Boca; stage for springs con-
rui-cts <J r. m. train from city; round trip. In-
cluding fctage. $14 y. good for season. Kates,
HO per week.
BONNIE INOOK .
Alt 4000 ft.; half ml. Ft a. ; cottages, tents,
boaUng. bowling, elect. Ilghta. H. V. WIARD,
Towle. Placer County. CaL
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM SXIi J£ SE -
i'.i 'irothcrary, electricity. X-ray, massage, etc.
Modern. Ideally located. Bend for literature
HPPD f»*Dt r IK'N — >d cotu^es; 8 rol. from
ULLK I AhR inn Lake Taboe; open June
1; elev. 6507 ft.; mineral epgs. Traveler, 630
y*t et.; booklet. J. B. Scott, Deer Park. CaL
FAfil F FS Vlcii ih - Tourists, camp-
LAULC 21ADLLJ er j. hunters. Write to H.
*- t^&rta tor rates f or arjr kind of turnout.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
» ;; fc*^<Pt___r^ I
| AU'TU/VIIN,; . 19O3 I
i - PRICES BELOW COMPETITION |
§ iooo NEVV FALL TAILOR SUITS, newest shading of Fancy W
|3 Tweeds, Cassimeres, Cheviots, Venetians, the long coat effect, at the S
g moderate prices of S
g $13.50, $15.00, $1T.5O and $20.00 8
R ' 500 NOVELTY TAILOR DRESSES— Elegant and exclusive de- §
§ signs; style and tailoring beyond criticism — - : --; y\ ''.'% j :'\ g
W $25.00, $30.00, $35.00 and $45.00 |
I NEW STYLE SILK COATS §
8 Extra quality PEAU DE SOIE; good quality satin lining; artistic Q
S styles; some exclusive — w
J $15.00, $18.50, $20.00, $22.50 and $25.00 |
I Children's and Misses' Coats and Capes |
R The very newest autumn styles in extensive variety — Cloth, Silk and «
S Velvet $3.5O to 92O.OO «
I * FUR JACKETS I
8 Guaranteed Quality, Near Seal, plain and trimmed, at Lowest Market 5§
g Prices. g
I NEW SILK AND CLOTH SKIRTS |
§In Great Variety. £»
A 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET |
__~rs_ME_~:s. .
g Week Commencing THIS AFTER- %
• NOON, AngjnsH •
1 Vivacious |
: JtoudeviHc! |
j EiFIE FAY, I
• "Th« Craziest Soubratte on the Arasrl- J
9 can Stage." 9
I^1ewbI™sT^I
5 Th« Chesterfield of Minstrelsy. ?
g Sidney Wilmer & Company, g
9 Preatntlnr Their Comedietta, "X Thief A
© of tha Night." q
| MRiWYNN&wiNSLOW :
0 Th» Renowned High Soprano. q
| Dooley and Tenbrooke, S
2 Singing and Talking Comedian*. ®
g Roberts, Hayes and Roberts, |
9 In Their Elde-Spllttlng Sketch. "Th« a
£ Infant." if
S GEORCElSisflNr^ 5
O Comedy Wtr» Walker.' O
8 Hacarfs Dogs and Monkeys S
J The Uproariously Funny Animal Act. J*
g The Talk of the City— The * J
: KAUFMANN TROUPE, J
S World'* Greatest Bicyclists.
A Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; g±
2 Children, any part except reserved, 10c; .
• a few Front Orchestra Rowa Reserved. •
Q 50c; front rows of Balcony, reserved, #
• 23c ©
I I VU LI HOUSE.
To-night and all next week, Saturday Matinee,
Positively the last week of the Special
Engagement of
In the Great Soprano Part of Lady Constance la
The
Highwayman!
The final opportunity of hearing one of the
Greatest Operatic Treats of the Season.
SPECIAL CAST THROUGHOUT.
EDWIN STEVENS as FOXY QUILLEB
ARTHUR CUJTMINGHAM. EDWARD
"WEBB. AXXIE MYERS. FERRIS HART-
MAN. BERTHA DAVIS. AIMEE LEICESTER
and all the Big Tlvoli Company, with Its
Superb Orchestra under PAUL STE1NDORFF.
WATCH FOR THE NEXT GREAT EVENT.
ANNA LICHTER
THE FORTUNE TELLER
POPULAR PPJCES— 25c, 50c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
QP 3 BkE B V a F% A I THEATRE:
ENTRAL^b:
Market st.. near Eighth Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY. 7APAH !
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF _.UIYA*I1 •
MONDAY NIGHT— FOR ONE WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Great London and New York Success.
"Alan's Enemy"
A Thrilling Scenic Sensation!
Vivid Portrayal of the Evils of Drink!
CAST EMBRACES HERSCHEL MAYALL.
EUGENIE THAIS LAWTON AND
THE AUGMENTED CENTRAL COMPAJJf.
DDITEC Evenings 10c to 5Oc
ifilbCO Matineea 10c, 15c. SSc
GRAND ARMY WEEK.
August 17, the Famous Civil War Play,
••CUMBERLAND '61"
SYMPHONY CONCERTS.
FRITZ SCHEEL, El___
Auspices S. F. Symphony Society.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
ORCHESTRA OF 70 MUSICIANS.
Concerts at 3:15 p. rn. FRIDAY. August 14.
THURSDAY. August 27. and every THURS-
DAY following up to and Including October 8.
SALE OF SEASON TICKETS BEGINS ON
MONDAY. AUG. 10. AT SHERMAN
& CLAY'S MUSIC STORE.
Price of Seats — Season, Orchestra, $1.23;
Dress Circle, first four rows, $1.23; last four
rows, $1: Family Circle. 75c; 25c off each sea-
son ticket to m«mbers of the S. F. SYM-
PHONY SOCIETY. Applications for m ember-
chip should be made to the Manager. Room 91*
Crocker Bldg.. before 5 p. m. August 8.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
I- EVERYMAN 1
i J i
DAVVSON PIONEER BAY EXCURSION
On steamer SUNOL. SUNDAY. AUGUST 0.
for Martinez, visiting Vallejo. Mara Island
Nevy Yard. Union Iron Works. Will stop at
Martinez one hour for dinner. Round trip 50c
Leaves Washlngton-st. wharf. Pier 3. 10 a. m.
1 aiawy sec the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
flfi/1 room. the EMPIRE
CIUU PARLOR, the
r , PALM ROOM, the
lirfl HO LOUIS XV PAR-
U _ 1 DIES' WRITING ,
Hotels RQOM. A
WEEEHALl/
16 Pages. $1 pep Year
AMUSEMENTS.
-TIM HIMDI A SAN FRANCISCO'S
If ULUS¥1£SI A LEADING, THEA'tOE
TO-NIGHT
AND FOR ANOTHER WEEK.
LAST 1 LAST D LAST
SMILES. U LAUGHS. || ROARS.
FUN FOR ALL ALL. FOR FUN.
Thousands Flock to See the Unique Humorist
Comedian,
_>w -«-^ a "Vindicates the
¦~7* r m 1 J A American Sense of
i_ZiHA I Humor?"- Exam-
KEN DA L L
• Vf.MMMt * n t * ie Three-Act
Commencing MONDAY, AUGUST 17.
SEAT SAIiE NEXT THURSDAY.
HENRY MARGARET
MILLER and ANGLIN
First Play — Bernard Shaw's
"The Devil's Disciple"
No Orders for Seats -Will 'Be Considered In
Advance of the Opening of the Regular Sale.
ALCAZAR tlfr
Gen. aigr.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF '
MR. WHITTLESEY In the Splendid Comedy,
THE BUTTERFLIES
Evb.,25c to 75c; Mat. Thurs. and Sat., 15c to 50c
TO-MORROW — FAREWELL WEEK.
WHITE WHITTLESEY
' In a Superb Presentation of
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
MON . AUG. 17— Belasco & Mayer's
Great Special Production of
THE DAIRY FARM.
As It Will Tour the Pacific Coast.
AM~B~-mt"JT8.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE, Judge. J. F. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Aug. 9, 1903
J8 Puppy Stakes jjij
hll Champion Hounds nil
...TOTAL PRIZE MONEY...
$1000— $1000
. SPECIAL TRAIN SERVICE.
Leave Third and Townsend streets at 1:15
a. m. and 1 . p. m. : Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets five minutes later; returning Imme-
diately after last course. San Mateo Electric
Cars direct to the Park Entrance every four
minutes during the day.
irAblFORNT/T
U' TO-NIGHT— Ai; This Week. I_A
Most powerful organization B \
of Its Kind In America. m
-r NeiH-Morosco Co., — .
,IO PresentlnB the Comedy Ro- .(0
JjO a royal family a>O
a e Bargain Matinee Thursday, n e
.LD . 23c and 50c. . JLD
Next Sunday — To Greet tha
. ' Nation's Heroes
M"| shenandoah! B"*
II II Greatest of all War Dratras. tL,
II.HE.-ATRU
GRAND &„&
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Beginning: To-Night
RAYMOND & CAVERLY,
AND OUR - |~" ™~"~* ~™1 The Rogero
SUPERB X _T Brothers' Last
EASTERN I IVJ New York Sea-
COMPANY IN* _ll son's Success.
[fARVARD
The Most Gorgeous and Beautiful Spectacular
Production Ever Witnessed In San Francisco.
PRICES— 2*c. 50c. 75c ;
S£3^_i__?
LAST TWO TIMES TO-DAY OF
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE."
To-Morrow Night, a Really Great Event, Mag-
nificent Double BUI,
"QUO VASS ISS" (QUOVADIS)and
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS."
Staged With Perfect Detail.
Our "All Star!' Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
_. BARNEY BERNARD,
winfield blake. %
Harry hermsen.
maude amber,
*..".-' ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
Reserved Scats — Nights, 25c, 50c and 75c;
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c;
Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c. .
i *
High-Class Specialties Erery Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
CAMPBELL" BROTHERS; LOA DURBYELLE-
LESTER AND CURTIN: HATHAWAY AND
WALTON: LITTLE BLOSSOM: HANK
WHITCOMB AND NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES. •
BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
Inspect ."CABARET DE LA MORT."
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
See the "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
——^-ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c
_ *' ' bTj^»'* r ''*' j^J&t'^-'**' * ¦#¦* "~S>~ Gr - ' 1 /^^^j-Sh-f T^Tk^— * —~ •'tf—^?T_^?* r \ — ~~ ' J '"*Waidnor Defeats Snow.
MINNEAPOLIS, Aug. 8. — Harry L.
Waldnor of Chicago Is tennis champion
of the West. In his match to-day with
A. C. Enow of Chicago Waldnor won
three straight Bets •with comparative
case. 6-2, 6-4, 6-3. G. K. Belden and
Harry I. Belden won the Northwestern
championship of doubles by defeating
A. C Snow of Chicago and R. G. Hunt
of California, 4-6, 7-5. 6-3, 2-6, 6-4.
Crack Shots- to Meet in Competition.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Aug. 8.— All ar
rangements are completed for the tri
department carbine and pistol competi
tion in the shoot commencing August 10
and lasting until August 18. The compet
itors consist of two officers and thirteen
enlisted men from each regiment In the
departments of Columbia, California and
Colorado, aggregating in all twenty-five
officers and 120 men-
Cargo by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer City of Para sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo,
valued at $102.2tJ9 and distributed as follows:
For Mexico, $801; Central America. $32,335;
Colombia, $6200; New York, $60,604; Hamburg.
Germany, $2230. The following were the prin
cipal exports:
To Mexico— 3390 lbs tallow. 320 bdJ« shooks,
12 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1 reel steel
cable, 10 pkgs potatoes. 10 pkgs fresh fruit, 2
coils rope, 2 bales duck, 4 pkgs paper. 8cs
paste, '2 anchors.
To Central America — 2400 bbls flour, 8109
gals 22 cs wine. 400 lbs malt, 2222 lbs bread,
38 pkgs fresh fruit, 38 pkgs onions, 330 pkgs
potatoes, 35 cs canned goods, 46 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 2518 lbs spices, 54 cs S5 gain
whisky. 3S pkgs bottled beer, 91,450 lba rice, 497
lbs ham and bacon, 20 pkgs paste, 600 lbs lard,'
20 bales hay, 17C5 lbs oats, 15 pkgs liquors,
4228 lbs tallow, 1470 lbs resin, 4 colls rope,
2042 lbs parafflne, 10 kegs nails' 5 pkgs ma
chinery, 2 cs electrical supplies, 45 flasks quick
silver, 4 bales leather, 20 bdls 'paper, 72 pkgs
paints and oils, 7U0O lbs cement, 43 pkgs tank
material, 3277 lbs eoda, 20 bdls iron, 57 sheets
steel. 40 cs coal oil, 14 pkgs dry goods, 41 pkgs
cocoanut oil, 2 bbls palm oil.
To Colombia — 800 bbla flour, 6260 gals wine,
1 os dry goods, 4 pkgs hand trucks. -
To New York — 55.629 gals wine, 3801 pigs
lead 1C65 cs canned fruit, 121,124 lbs wool, 15,
]ko lbs dry hides, 7 bbls shells, 66 bales junk,
23 cases typewriters.
To Hamburg. Germany— 27,500 lbs dried apri.
cots. 1 cs canned fruit. '
Defeats George C. Patterson Handily
' in the All-Important Final
Game on Park Green.
The bowling contest between members
of the San Francisco Scottish Bowling
Club yesterday afternoon resulted in vic
tory for Y. C. Lawson. In the tourna
ment final he defeated George C. I Patter
son by a score of 21 to 8. At the com
mencement of the game Patterson was in
fine form, but he gradually lost his skill,
and before the close of the contest he was
badly demoralized- For winning Mr.
Laweon will receive a handsome silver
medal offered by the club. The tourna
ment started last April, when there were
sixty-four entries.
Among the games played yesterday
Joseph Gray and M. L. Crowe defeated
Thomas Lattlmer and Alec Hay by a
score of 21 to 20. James Gray and E. C.
Medau defeated Y. C. Lawson and
Thomas McNaught by a score of 21 to 19.
In singles, John McLaren won from A. A.
McVicar, 21-17. The grounds in Golden
Gate Park were crowded with interested
spectators yesterday afternoon during the
progress of the game. - ,
The quarterly meeting of the San Fran
cisco Scottish Bowling Club will be held
at Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin street, -on
Tuesday evening.
Sues Soda Water Company.
OAKLAND Aug. 8.— P. M. Lefever to
day instituted suit against the Oakland
Pioneer Soda Water Company for 51000,
alleged to be due for rent from June, 1902,
to March, 1903. Lefever has been assigned
the claims by Hugh 8. . and Dennis S.
Dimond. , \ , '.
Temperance Speaker Dies.
EXCELSIOR SPRINGS, Ma, Aug. 8. —
Charles C. Beveridge of Fremont, Neb,,
died in this city to-day of acute rheu
matism. He has been a temperance
speaker of national reputation and has
campaigned the entire country. He
was also one of the most expert target
marksmen In the country.
Powell Defeats Freeman.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 8.-R. B. Powell
of Victoria won the tennis championship
of British Columbia this afternoon, de
feating Howard m Freeman, champion of
Southern California.
Former Governor Sued for Divorce.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Aug. 8.— Suit for di
vorce ham been filed in the District Court
at Prescott by Mrs. N. O. Murphy against
N. O. Murphy, former Governor of Ari
zona. The petition asks for a certain
sum for maintenance. Governor .Murphy
is »t present in New York.
SEATTLE. Wash., Aug. 8. — Maupin was In
rare form and allowed but one hit, that a
two-bagger by Carter in the ninth in
ning. Until the ninth but two men reached
first for Helena and they got passes. An er
ror by Zeigler in the eighth with two men out
filled the bases and Freeman won the game by
making bis third safe hit, scoring two men.
Score:
R. H. e.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 x— 2 9 l
Helena 000 0 0 0000 — 0 1 2
Batteries— Maupin and Prlrigle; Carter and
Carrlsch. Umpire — Coigan.
Steamer Centennial Buns Ashore.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Aug. 8.—
The steamer Centennial, operating on the
route between Puget Sound and Nome,
is reported ashore at Bush Point. Her
position Is not dangerous and but little
difficulty la anticipated In floating the big
ceeseL
RICHMOND. Va.. Aug. 8.— Postmaster En
nis at Reams Station to-day shot and killed a
negro who was trying to rob tha office.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
' - Saturday, August 0.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow, southern coast.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH--Passed in Aug 8— Schr. C 8
Holmes, from San Pedro, for- Port Blakeiey;
*chr Polaris, hence July 17, for Port Gamble;
bark Coryphene, hence July, 10; f or. Anacortes ;
*chr Expansion, from Saa Pedro. • for. Port
Townsend.
PORT ¦ LUDLOW— Sailed Aug 8— Bktn Jane
L Stanford, for 8ydney. • . -. . .. ,
ABERDEEN— Sailed Aug »— Stmr G C Lin
dauer, for San Francisco; schrs. Henry Wilaon,.
Jennie Stella and W F Jewett, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Aug 8— Br bark
Islamount. from ¦ Tacoma, for Callao; schr
Blakeiey; from Port Blakeiey, for Mollendo.
Passed out Aug 8 — Schr Balenv. from Olym
pta, for San Pedro. . . •
Arrived Aug 8— Bktn Jane: 1/ Stanford, from
Port Ludlow. for Kvdnav.
DENVER, Aug. 8.— On© furnace at th«
Globe Smelter, which has been closet)
since July 4 In consequence of a strike
of the union smelter men. was started to»
day with non-union men and tho man*
agement announced that other furnaces
will b© started from day to day until ths
entire plant Is in operation.
Globe Smelter Furnace Starts.
BERKELEY, Aug. 8.— The residents of
Peralta Park, the beautiful suburb north
of Berkeley, do not take kindly to tho
Idea of having the prpposed park that Is
to be built south of the Twelfth street
dam in Oakland named "Peralta Park."
Henry TV. Taylor, a resident of th© Berke
ley Peralta Park, nays that he does not
think it fair to name' a dumping ground
on the Oakland marsh the suburb.
Berkeley Claims ttfe Name.
' M. W. Solomon - (owner) with W. Rogers and
H. • W." Cranton -. (contractors),' architect • J. - W.
Forayth— Excavation, masonry, carpenter work,
glazing. ; plastering, electric work for a 3-story
frame building (fiats) on lot on NW line of
Howard street. 225 SW of Eighth, SW 25 by
NW. 00; . $7035. ' ¦• . iviffl3r<®*3»|
- Same owner with' Charles U. Brectin (con
tractor), architect same — Plumbing and tin
ning for same on game; $SGS.
.¦ Same owner with M: • Cohn - (contractor), ar
chitect ¦' same — Painting for • same on eame;
$450. y--: ¦ ¦ . '{¦ ¦-;'• ¦ ; :*~ : - •; - •¦•• -
Peter and Carollee Klein to Stephen Kand.
to correct 14S0 D. 69, same, quitclaim deed; $5.
J. J. Kauer to same, lot on 8 line of Union
street, 100:6 W of Kearny, W 20 by S 57:6,
quitclaim deed: $5.
J. Cuneo Company to William and Marga
retha Koenig, lot on E line of Stockton street,
107:6 a of Sacramento, S 30 fey p 60; $10.
C. H. Herrington or Charles H. Herrington
to Mary or Maria Suter. undivided fourth of
lot on W line of Powell street, 30 N of Pacific.
N 22 by W 45:10; $10.
Margaret Christie to Ida F. and Alice M.
Christie, lot on W lino of Iowa street. 50 S of
Colusa, S 75 by W 100; also lot on NE corner
of Carolina and Colusa streets, N 50 by E 100;
Ida F. Christie to Alice M. Chriatle, same; $1.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to J. B.
ft' Connor, lot on E line of Second avenue, 75 S
f A street, 8 25 by E 120; $10.
Francis M. oft Frank M. Leahy to William
D. Leahy, lot on S line of A street, 67:6 I W of
Twentieth avenue, W 75 by S 100; also lot on
E line of Laguna street, 100 N of Union, E
64:0. 8 1:7, E 45:7, N 30:1; E 27, N 17*6, W
137:0, S D5; $10.
William and Mary Donald to William and
Margaretha J. Koenig. lot on NW corner of
Hugo street and Sixth avenue, N 25 by W 05;
$10.
William II. Gendar, Gustave O. and Sophia
Hink to same, 'lot on W line of Sixth avenue,
25 N of Hugo street, N 25 by W 05; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Lizzie M. Blanch
ard lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue.
212:6 S of J street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Bernard Bogner to Solomon Getz, lot on E
line of Forty-seventh avenue, 200 S of J street,
S 50 by E 120; $10.
Hugo Reichenbach ¦ to Lincoln Investment
outside land block 1252, bounded by V and W
streets and Sixteenth and Seventeenth avenues;
$eooo.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to George
Ryan, lot on E line of Condon street. 124 S of
Preclta avenue, -S 25 by E 70. lot 18; also lot
on NW corner of Condon street and Peralta
avenue. N 25 by W 70, lots 10 to 12: alto lot on
E line of Condon street,' 49 N of Peralta ave
nue N 25 by E 70, lots 22 to 24. George Ryan's
subdivision of Preclta Valley lots 234 to 236;
$10. '
Oeoigfi and Kate Ryan to Carl L. and Lena
Menslng. lot on; E line of Condon street. 124 S
of Preclta avenue, S 25 by E 70, lot IS, same;
«m , -
"Builders' Contracts.
City and County of San Francisco to Lulu
Schwartz, lot on W line of Treat avenue, 178
N of Twenty-fourth street, N 26 by W 100;
Stephen and Sophie Band to G. B. Finocchlo,
lot on S line of Union street, 100:6 W of
Kearny, W 20, by S 67:6; $10.
City Land Company to Charles S. Klttrcdge,
lot on &E corner of Sacramento and Laurel
Btreets, H 132:7^, E 137:6, N |32:7'i. W BO,
S 82:714, W 27:tt; N 82:7i£, W 60: $10.
Ira J. and Louise Harmon to Felix -Mar
cuse, lot on N line of Sacramento street, 110:8
W of Cherry, w 27 by N 127 :8H: $10.
J. "W. and Ellen McCarthy to Mary G.
Grady, lots 6 and 6, block 22, Excelsior Home
stead: $10.
Wllliam'A. and Thomas Magee Jr. (as trus
tees, etc., of Frederick B. and Walter Mage*)
to E. D. Swift, undivided five-sixths of lot 4,
block A, lots 1 to 6, 17 and 18, blofk P. lots
12 and 10, block E, lots 3, 4 and 25. block G.
lot 2, block F, French & Oilman Tract; $10.
Mary G. Grady to Jane K. Allen, lot on NW
line of. Lisbon street, 275 NE of Italy. NE 23
by NW 100, lot 6. block. 22, same; $10.
William and Jennie Wolf to James F. and
Mary E. Mulligan, lot on SW corner of Web
ster and Wildey streets, S 27:6 by W 81:3; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to John
Spruance, lot on N line of Jackson street, 75
W of Stelner. W 40 by N 127:8U: $ •
Ha me to Dixwell Hewitt, lot on SB corner
of Broadway and Scoti street, E 43:0 by S
87:6; $ .
C. H. or Charles II. Hernngton to Mary or
Maria Suter. undivided one-fourth of lot en "vV
line of Baldeman street, 100 N of Ellis, N 25
by MV 00: $10.
V Julius It. and Lulu Barghauser to Doris Hol
ler, lot on N line of Washington street, 220 W
of Scott, W 27:6 by N 127:8ii; $5.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
COLOGNE, Aug. 8.— Iving Peter r>f Ser
via Is being openly terrorized by his
entourage, according to the Belgrade ad
vice* of the Cologne Gazette. Moet of the
present court officials who actually par
ticipated in or were privy to the murder
of King Alexander and Queen Draga ap
pear to have etrongly objected to the ap
pointment of Colonel Leschjanin, the
Servla attache at Constantinople, to the
post of court marshal. The official ga
zette yesterday contained the appoint
ment, but shortly after its publication all
copies of the gazette were called In by
the police. L/eschjanin is a brother-in
law of the Minister of Finance, who was
court marshal under the late Kin? Alex
ander.
Appointment of Colonel Leschjanin
to the Post of Marshal
Is Recalled.
KING PETER OF SERVIA
IN FEAR OF HIS COURT
OAKLAND, Aug. «.— The final account
ing of the estate of tha lat© ElLsha B»
Wright was filed to-day by his widow.
The property, la valued at $41,123 07. A3
Mrs. TVright is the only heir, she asks
that th» property be distributed to her.
Two nephews, to whom Wright be-»
queathed {500 each, have not as yet been
located.
Would Close Estate.
The eteamer Siberia sailed yesterday for
Hongkong via Honolulu end Yokohama with an
assorted merchandise cargo, valued at $184,300,
exclusive of treasure, Hnd distributed as fol
lows: For Honolulu. fl!>58; Japan, $53,251;
China. $122,060; Ma"hlla. $4258: East Indies.
J10O4; Korea, $854: Vladivostok, $14; Alexan
dria. Egypt, $08. The leading exports were as
follows:
To Honolulu— 10,000 lbs sugar, 4,ca canned
good?, 2 cs oandy. 10 pkgs provisions, 6 pkgs
hardware, 12 C3 syrup. 1 phg. shoes, 15 pkgs
plows.
To Japan — 3523 bbls flour, 2000 ctls wheat, 15
pkgs groceries and provisions, «535 lbs cheese,
:us:i. lbs butter, 5000 lbs sugar. 3 cs dried
fruit 770 lbs ham and bacon, 5275 lbs dried
fl*h. 1 I pkgB fresh fruit. li>26 gals wine. (560
Bals 3 cs whisky, 13 cs liquors. 226.000 lbs eoda
ash, 40 bdlj ehooks. 20 cs paper. 150 bxs soap,
145 pkgs machinery, 65 bxs nails, 114 pkgs bi
cycles and sundries, 328 pkgs leather, ft cs rub
ber shoes. C50 eks tan bark, 2242 lbs crude rub
ber, 70 pkgs paints, 4 pkgs drugs.
TovChina — 20,25*) bbln flour, 852 gals wine.
MK> casks beer. 100 cs whisky, 33 cs canned *al
mon, 420 lbs codfish. 6786 lbs cheese, B397 Jbs
ham. and bacon. 640 pkgs fresh fruit.-- 2270 lbs
coffee. 1420 lbs 0 cs bread, 007 cs canned goods,
147 pkgs groceries and provisions, 11,330 lbs
shrimps, S140 lbs dried fruit, 875 lbs raisinr.,
2730 lbs hops, 1314 lbs chocolate, 65 bxs paste,
1855 lbs butter, !J5 cs meals, 7202 lbs beans. COO
lbs 1 cs peas. 100 cs olive oil, 15 pkgs drugs, 5
en shoos, 3 flasks quicksilver. 250 bales domes
tics, 223 pkgs dry goods. 155 pkgs machinery.
24.750 lbs crude opium, 259 boxes soap, 150 cs
cigarettes.
To Manila— 15 pkgs machinery, 3 cs dry
goods, 9 pkgs Iron pipe. S cs paints, 2 pkgs
tools.
To East Indies — 2476 lbs hops, 400 gals wine.
77 cs canned goods. 1 pkar drugs, 50 kegs beef,
100 cs canned salmon, 7 pkgs machinery.
To Korea — 7 cs belting and 4 pkgs hardware.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Danish Consul at San Francisco
notified the hospital to-day that he would
no longer be responsible for her expenses
there, and among those who have been
keeping track of the affair, there is con
siderable speculation as to what will be
come of the unfortunate woman. Jor
genson. with whom she fled, is still in
jail, but hopes that he will gain his lib
erty in time to come to her relief.
OAKLAND. Aug. 8.— Johanna Moeller.
the companion of the fugitive bank clerk
from Denmark. . will shortly be turned
adrift with her recently born child. She
19k at present at the East Bay Sanitarium.
WELL SHORTLY BE TURNED
ADRIFT WITH HER CHILD
The Fr«»nrh ship Leon Bur«au, 1681 tons, is
chartered for lumber and merchandise from
this port to Melbourne or Adelaide at £1650.
The French bark L'Hermlte has been re
chartered for wheat and barley to Antwerp
direct at 15* 3d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— Rivalry between
the Stockton and Oakland Elk baseball
teams has resulted in some unusually in
teresting contests of the national sport,
and to-morrow the Elks are going to
meet again, when the Stockton men will
endeavor to. reduce the lead obtained in
the score by the home team.
While the contests have been "clone the
home team has won every game so far.
The players in to-morrow's game are as
follows: I
>. Stockton— Harrison, p.; Butts, c: Huskins,
IB.; Baker. 2b.; Dunlap. 3b.; Landle. s. s.;
Melone, If.; Moore, cf. ; Musto, rf.
Oakland^-McKee. p.: Hammond, c; Pariser,
lb.; Brltton. 2b.; "Ward. 3b.: Dean, s. s.;
Piatt. If.; Cone. cf. : Lynch> rf.
Teams of Rival Lodges From Stock
ton and Oakland to Meet •
To-Morrow.
ELKS ON DIAMOND
AT FREEMAN'S PARK
Couches, , bed cofas, cane, aid wood seat
chairs. 11. Schellhaas, 11th St., Oakland. •
The message referred to is probably a
fake. The only chip listed as the Santa
Maria Is an Italian ship, which has never
been in Pacific waters. The latitude and
longitude mentioned are in midocean in
the Pacific, about 900 miles north of what
is known as Clarks Island.
<¦**<- midowan. May *J0. l»03 — Ship Fanta Maria
sprung a leak yesterday forenoon; worked
pumps but no avail. Crew of 11 and 7 pas
fenecrt are about to leave in boats, as ship
will surely Fink in less than an hour. Jean
Batista, captain.
Several times bottles containing mes-
Eeges have been picked up on the beach,
but all have proved to have been thrown
overboard by jokers. The writing does
not chow any trace of nervousness as
would be the case were the ship sinking.
Longitude 17»3 W. latitude 35 N
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 8.— A bottle was
picked up ou Capitola beach last night
which contained the following message
written in pencil en a page torn from a
memorandum book:
Bottle Containing: Message Is Picked
Up on the Beach at
Capitola.
JOKERS WRITE FAKE
STORY OF SHIPWRECK
Mrs. Irwin told the Judge she had
only struck him in retaliation for th«
names he called her. and tha Judge be
lieved her and dismissed the case.
Preston ran away with and married
the sixteen-year-old daughter of Mrs.
Charles Irwin about a year ago, and ha
has not stood very high In the* good
graces of the family since.
The battery case came up In the Po
lice Court to-day, when he stated that
he had come home one night and found
the mother and two of the daughters
scolding his wife and he took her part.
His Interference set the boiling pot t<>
overflowing, and in tho mlx-up that fol
lowed he came out second best.
OAKLAND. Aug. 8. — Lee Preston, a
conductor in the employ of the Oakland
Transit Consolidated, is not yet too old
to be thrashed by a woman. He sot
gay with his mother-in-law and applied
some disrespectful terms to her when
she "lit Into him" and gave him a
"drewlnr down" that took him back to
his childhood days. Then he was tm
gallant enough to go out and have her
arrested for battery.
HAS MOTHER-IN-LAW
ABRESTED FOR BATTEBY
To the Citizens of San Francisco and Vicinity
— The Legislature of California officially In
vited the Grand Army of the Republic to hold
its Thirty-seventh National Encampment in this
city., The Mayor and Supervisors added their
invitation on behalf of San Francisco. The
commercial organizations of the city joined in
promoting the selection of San Francisco as the
meeting place. All elements of society within
our State were eager to secure the encampment
for our Pacific Count : metropolis. Now It is
found that the liberality which formerly marked
the actions of our merchant princes and others,
when conventions of fraternal and religious or
ganizations were in question, has not been man
ifested In this Instance. Is this right? <
Does not every patriotic and material consid
eration demand that this gathering of the old
Union »oldiers of the. war for. the preservation
of the Union shall be distinguished by a wel
come, the cost of .which ought to . be a minor
consideration? V . . ""
Tho executive committee In charge of the en
tertainment of the Grand Army comrades and
other thousands who will visit the city 'within
a few days is short of money. The committee
is confident that it is only necessary to call th«
attention of our generous people to this condi
tion In order to tecure the required funda to
carry out the programme of entertainment.
Never again will that grand patriotic*- organi
zation assemble . In our, midst. The coming
meeting will" be the last occasion whereby our
citizens will be able to show, special honor to
the fast disappearing defenders of our country.
General George* Stone, chairman' of the
committee of management, yesterday is
sued the following address:
The following additional contributions
to the encampment fund were received
at executive committee headquarters yes
terday:
Amount heretofore reported, J20.G33 25; Mrs.
F. L. Turpln $50: New California Jockey Club,
$100; Builders' Exchange, $50; Gladding-, Mc-
Bean & Co., second contribution, $25; Crown
Distilleries Company, $100; Spring Valley
AVater "Works, $100; American National Bank,
$100; Yokohama Specie Bank, $25; Clayburgh
& Golcher, $20; The Richelieu, $25; Butchers'
Board of Trade, $100; Goldberg, Bowen & Co.,
$50; Murphy, Grant & Co., $100; W. W.
Montague & Co., $50; Mack & Co., $25; Thomas
Magee & Sons, $25; Michalltschke Bros., $25;
H. H. Taylor, $25; George W. McNear $50;
Nevada National Bank, $100; Neville & Co.,
$25; Newman & Levlson, $25; Neustaiter Bros.,
$25; Norton Tanning Company, • $25; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, $100; Pacific Hard
ware and Steel Company, $50; Donohoe. Kelly
& Co., $50; total, $22,083 25.
ADDRESS TQ CITIZENS.
Several conferences were held by the
Grand Army executive committee yes
terday. Late- last evening tho contractors
began th^ work of dismantling the sus
pended platform over Market street. The
double arch proposition proposed in the
amended contract was accepted yester
day. It is understood that work will be
pressed with great vigor in order that the
illumination may take place at the ap
pointed time.
THE FUND GROWS.
By V,'. C. Keogrh, assistant secretary.
All of said work to be done under the
direction and to tl*e satisfaction of this board
and in strict accordance with the modified
plan submitted to and approved by this board
en this day. .
BOA«D OF PUBLIC WORKS.
The following permit was Issued yester
day by the Board of Public "Works, in ac
cordance with the modified plans for the
two arches proposed to be erected at
Third and Market streets for the G. A. It.
Department:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aur. f. 1903.
Permission Ig hereby granted- the Joshua
Hendy Machine Works to place four piers to
contain two arches, earh of paid piers to be
10 feet by 16 feet at frieze line and each of
pall arches to be seventy-five feet high over
all. Paid piers and arches to be erected on
both 8iden of the roadway of Market street,
at the intersection of said Market street with
Kearny, Geary and Third streets, and said
piers are not to project over the hide walk
space at their base for a distance of more
than eight (8) feet.
Thfl Connecticut delegation, 140 strong,
including ex-Oovernor M. G. Bulkley,
commander of. the department, and his
staff, left New Haven yesterday on a spe
cial train bound for San Francisco. >
General It. H. Warfield. who was recent
ly appointed as marshal of the big mili
tary and civic parade of the Grand Army
Encampment, on Tuesday. August 18, has
been constrained, on account of sickness,
to relinquish command.
The executive committee yesterday b©
lected Colonel Jesse B. Fuller to marshal
the procession.
A dispatch from Topeka, Kan., an
nounces that the Santa Fe special train
bearing General Thomas J. Stewart, com
mander-iri-chief of the G. A.R.; Mrs. An
na Hall, national president of the Ladles
of the G. A. R., and Mrs. h. J. Taylor,
president of the Woman's Relief Corps,
will leave Chicago at 11 a. m. to-day, over
the Santa Fe for San Francisco. Stops
will be made at La' Junta, Albuquerque
and Los Angeles. The train will arrive
here August 15.. ,
J. L. Blair, Sacramento agent of the
Santa Fe, will leave San Francisco this
evening in order to meet the commander
in-chief at the Grand Canyon of the Colo
rado.
Chairman Stone Issues an Address to
Citizens of San Francisco.
PERMIT TO BUILD ARCH.
many of them will ever ataln witness a na
tional parade of the Grand Army of tho Re
public.
Continued From Page 33, Column 7.
SCAN JOSE, Aus. 8. — The residence of F. W.
Potter, at the corner of Thirteenth and Charles
streets, near\ this city, was destroyed by
fire shortly after midnight. Tha loss on the
house is f3000 and on furniture and personal
property $18(*>. A fine collection of books was
destroyed. The origin of the fire Is a mystery.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 8— The $3 rate on
flour and $4 rate on wheat flurtns September
from the Pacific Coast to the Orient has stimu
lated trade to such an #xtent that the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company has been
compelled to put on another steamer on the
route in onier to handle the freight offered.
BERLIN. Aug. 8.— Emperor ¦William wtjl
land at Swinemunde from his Norwegian cruise
on August 11 and hasten to Berlin on a special
train to preside at a crown council at which
he will hear the personal reports of the Min
isters on the damages by the floods In Sileaia,
and the plans for. the relief of the sufferers.
"WILMINGTON. Del., Aug. 8.— The receiver
for the Bay State Gas Company of Delaware
has posted notices announcing the public sale
of the property of the company on August 20.
DUVALLS BLUFF. Ark., Ang. 8.— Th« Bank
of Duvalls Bluff has been placed In the hands
of a receiver. It is alleged that $10,000 or
more of the bank's funds Is missing. It Is
believed depositors will be paid In full. —
MARSHALLTOWN. la.. Aug. 8.— The Mil
waukee and St. Paul fast passenger train No.
1 collided with a light engine near C&pron
to-day. Both engines were wrecked and the
engineer of the passenger train slightly hurt.
SAN JOSE. Auk- 8. — The residence of F. W.
pioneer cattle raider and capltaHlst. who died
August 3. left an estate valued at $123,000.
The estate consists of 6«31 acres In Hall's Val
ley, including the Smith Creek Hotel, which
produces an annual Income of $7500.
SANTA ANA, Aug. 8. — The bean crop In the
Santa Ana Valley this year will a record
breaker. Five thousand acres were planted and
a harvest of 75.C00 sacks is expected. Three
fourths of these -are Umas and the remainder
black-eyes.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Professor Bernard Moses, who waa for twa
years a member of the Philippine Commission.
Is expected to arrive In Berkeley in a few
days from Europe. He will return* chars* et
the university's history department.
BERKELEY. Aur. 8- — J- Edwin Roadhousa
of tho agricultural department of th» univer
sity has Just returned t» Berkeley. Ha has
been working on Irrigation problem* la th»
•outhern part of the Stat» during tn» wmmi:
months.
Professor H«nry Senger returned from Ma
European trip to-day. .
A large number of university student* have
returned to Berkeley to take examinations to
remove deficiencies incurred durlnK last term.
The new rule requiring that a fee of »5 b« paid
for examination taken goes into effect tnla
fall
Chicago 2 0 2
St. Louis , * 11 2
Batteries— Altrock, Owens and Slattery;
Powell and Kahee. •
CLEVELAND, Aug. 8.— In the eleventh in
ning 1 Buelow of the Detroit club threw an old
black ball Into play. As soon as the Cleveland
Players detected It they made a protest, but in
vain. Thereupon Lajoie threw the ball over
the grand stand and Umpire Connelly awarded
the game to Detroit, 9 to 0. Attendance (5263.
SCOre ,' ,. B*" 1?' E i
Cleveland •» 11 •*
Detroit 6 9 2
Batteries — Donahu* and Betnls; Kissinger
and McGuire.
Boston '1
Philadelphia « • "
Batteries— Dineen and Criger; Henley an.l
Weaver.
CHICAGO, Aug. 8. — EL Louis won to-day's
cam* by superior all around playing. Attend
ance 11.000. Score:
New York. J. J 2
Washington - '
Batteries— Griffith and Beville; Patten,
Tiwnsend and Kittredce.
BOSTON. Aug. 8.— Henley was easy Cor
Boston to-day and after the second ih i!t
waa never In doubt. Dineen was it.
Attendance 14.600. Score:
Chicago t 17 2
Pittsbur* - 10
Batteries— Weuner and KWng; Leever and
Smith. Umpire — Moran.
PHILADELPHIA, Aup. 8.— Boston defeated
Philadelphia in a twelve-inning- contest to-day.
The second same was called In the fourth inn
lnc because of the collapse of the wall support
ing the left field bleachers. Attendance,
10.000. Score; r n £
Philadelphia * *? H
Boston s "
Batteries — Sparks. Krazer and Roth; Willis
and Moran. Umpire — Johnston.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW TORK, Aug. 8.— Manager Griffith
aeaJn pitched his team to victory to-dfly. fti
only one Innlnif. the seventh. eouM the visitors
make more than one hit. Attendance, 402X
ycor * : U. II. E.
Second same — R- H- E ;
St. Louis \ <J ••
Cincinnati u 17 °
IJatterie?— O'Neill, Taylor and J. O'Neill;
Harper and TeiU. Umpire — O'Day.
CHICAGO. Aug. 8. — The Champion* won
a close but uninteresting game. Ptttsburg s
first run was earned on a hit, a sacrifice and a
long single. Attendance, 10,000. Score:
R. H. K.
Flret same— £. H. E.
St. Louts 5 < O
Cincinnati J 9 °
Batteries — Dunleavy and Ryan; Poole and
I'eltz. Umpire— O" Day.
First tame- K. H. E.
New York i.'. « 10 1
Brooklyn 1 8 4
Batteries — McOinnlty and Warner; Schmidt,
and Hitter". Umpire — Hurst.
Second game — R- H. E.
New York * 8 *
Brooklyn 3 « *
Batteri«6— MeGlnnity and Warner; Schmidt,
Jones and Jacklltsch. Umpire — Hurst.
ST. LOl'IS. Aug. 8. — Cincinnati and St. Louis
broke even in their double-header. In the first
the Cardinals, by superior all-around work,
won. Dunleavy pitched a masterly game. In
the second the Clnclnnatians pounded O'Neill
for seventeen hits, driving him from the box.
Taylor, a • youngster who succeeded him, did
better. Attendance, 6900. Scores:
Schmidt Is Put Out of Contest After
Heated Argument With
Umpire.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW TOKK. Aug. 8. — New Tork and Brook
lyn played a double-header to-day before an
enormcxs crowd, and the home team won both
contests. McGinnttjr wit In splendid form and
pitched both cames. Schmidt was put out of
the second game after an argument with Um
pire Hurst. Attendance, 31,647. Scores: ,
McQINNTTY AGAIN WINS
TWO GAMES IN ONE DAY
UNIVERS1TYEVENTS
v GRAND ARMY.
This was the second operation of the
kind that Mr. English has undergone,
which makes the result more uncertain.
The operation was conducted by Dr. D. D.
Crowley, Dr. Frank L. Adama and Dr.
Edward J. Rice, and proved to be a most
difficult one. At the first operation the
appendix had not been secured and It
was decided to-day that it would not be
wise to tax the patient's strength too
much, and the appendix was not searched
for too closely. A very large abcees was
found, and when this had been removed
it was decided to allow the patient to
recover without further use of the knife.
The condition of Mr. English to-night
was said to-be much better than was ex
pected, though exceedingly grave. His
temperature was very little above normal,
and his pulse, though high, was strong:
Dr, Crowley said that he considered the
patient's condition very good, but that it
would be two or three days before any
thing definite could be said as to recov
ery.
• **¦!-! •¦H-i-H-I-I-H-H-H-K-M-I^ ©
William D. English, vice president and
general manager of the Contra Costa
Water company, underwent a second
operation for appendicitis this morning,
and while he has rallied from the immedi
ate results of the operation, there Is still
serious doubts whether he will be able to
stand the shock and strain.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call. j
1118 Broadway, Aug. 8.
Mooney was seen to-day, but refused
to make any statement. He has been
asked by the director of the bureau of
ethnology to prepare an official state
ment, which is now being done, and
Mooney paid that he was prepared to
make affidavit to everything his
utterance would contain.
White's version of the dragging of the
head of the cow from the shoulders, the
cow's head . taking the place of
the buffalo head of bygone days,
was that the Indian started * on a
run around the camp, hotly pur
sued by Seger, who could not catch
the fed man, and when he did get near
to him could not tell who It was. because
the fleeing fanaXic was eo bedecked with
feethcrs as to be unrecognisable. He fur
ther declared that the sticks were torn
cut of the shoulders and that the sticks,
lariat and pieces of flesh were bought by
Mooney and Dorsey.
The substance of White's allegation is
that upoh the payment of $15, one Indian
was persuaded to run around the camp,
dragging behind him a cow's head at the
end of a lariat which was attached to two
sticks driven through the flesh of hiB
rhoulder, and that one other Indian
worked a rope through the flesh of his
breast and attempted to have himself sus
pended by the rope, according to the an
cient custom, but that the flesh tore away
un&f.r the strain.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. X.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 8.— The charges
in detail preferred against George A. Dor
*ey of the Field Columbian Museum of
Chicago, and James Moocey of the Bu
reau of Ethnology, are that they paid at
leapt one Indian, probably two Indians.
t«J undergo the back and breast tortures.
The charge Is made with great detail by
B. E. White, who bases his assertion upon
the statement of Superintendent Seger,
«ho has charge of one of the Cheyenne
Indian schools.
Special Dispatch to The Call
It is believed 'that the principal terms
which ' the executive • committee desire
embodied in the ordinance will be con
ceded by the Southern Pacific. Manager
Julius Krutschnitt was Informed to-day
by Major C. L. Tilden, chairman 6f the
committee of fifty, that the change in the
committee's plan of proceeding in the ne
gotiations would make the conference
set for next Monday unnecessary. It Is
expected that the next conference of the
commltteemen and the Southern Pacific
people will be held in Alameda, and the
City Trustees will Join with the commit
tee In the meeting.
Have the City Attorney frame an ordinance
embracing the provisiona demanded of the
Southern Pacific by the executive committee.
These are for twenty-five year franchises; pay
ment to the city monthly of ?500; a 2*4-cent
fare within the city limits; maintenance of
the local train service up to the present stand
ard; together wl|h other stipulations of lesser
importance as a«reed upon. Thla ordinance
is then to be Introduced at the regular session
of the City Trustees on the night of the 17th
inst. and a copy of the same forwarded to
the Southern Pacific management. The of
ficials of the company can then arrange a
conference with the committee of fifty or the
executive committee of that body or with the
City Trustees, as it sees fit. After the or
dinance i is introduced it may be amended in
any way that both sides agree on and It Is
thought it will be ready for passage by the
City Trustees on September 7.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 8.— As a result of con
ferences with the City Trustees, the exec
utive committee of- the citizens' advisory
committee of fifty, chosen by the muni
cipal governing 1 body, has, upon the sug
gestion of President J. F. Forderer of the
City Trustees, decided to take a new
course In its negotiations with the South
ern Pacific management relative to the
local franchises in order to arrive at def
inite results sooner.
It was first proposed that the executive
committee meet with the railroad officials,
report back to the general committee of
fifty the result of its conferences and
continue along this line until negotiations
were concluded and action taken on the
applications for the franchises by the City
Trustees. Now it is planned to have the
executive committee submit a plan of
procedure to the committee of fifty Mon
day night, and if it is approved, to go
ahead in the following manner:
YOSEMITE VALLEY. Aug. 8.— Tx> the
Yosemite Valley in automobiles will
be possible in the near future. Tired
horses and dusty roads are to give place
to gasoline motors and well tiled roads.
D. T. Ray of San Francisco arrived here
to-day in the interests of the Yosemite
Stage and Turnpike Company and of the
Southern Pacific Company to report upon
the feasibility of the change contemplat
ed by the two companies. He has ex
amined the grades between here and Ray
mond and says that the sixty-nve-mile
ride can be made with more comfort as
well as quicker in an automobile than in
en© of the old time stages. The ride will
also be made with a greater degree of
safety, for the cars will be equipped with
powerful brakes and there will be no
horses to become frightened at objects
along the. route.
Ray proposes to use twelve-passenger
cars equipped with powerful gasoline en
gines and states that not more than ten
gallons of gasoline will be used in mak
ing the trip from Raymond to the Yo
eemlte. This will mean a big saving in
money to the stage company, which now
uses thirty-two horses for each stage over
the same length of travel and at an ex
pense of fl for each horse.
Between forty and fifty nickel and sil
ver watches were taken from the Jewelry
store-of A. A. Handle in the postofQce
block some time last night. The bur
glar grained an entrance to the building
by bnrinsr a number of holes in the rear
door. This enabled him to insert his
hand and turn the key that locked the
door. Besides tha large number of
watches the burglar got away with a
case of spectacles and lenses worth J1S4.
An investigation of the premises this
morning showed that an attempt had
been made to open the large safe of
Cheney & Berry In the same office. The
combination lock had been tampered with,
but the efforts to open the safe- were un
availing. Handle is now congratulating
himself that he lost none of the valuable
watches belonging to his patrons. These
were locked in a safe that was not touch
ed. The watches that were taken were
all of ordinary grade and many of them
did not have any works. . .
Marshal Kerns is now trying to locate
the stolen goods in the pawn shops of
San Francisco or Oakland.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2118 Center Street. Auc 8.
On the park courts several exciting
double matches were played. Charles
Teller and B. McFarland beat J. B.
Adams and C. S. Myrick, 7-5. 6-2. Teller
and McFarland beat C. S. Skaggs and
Melville Long, 6-4, 5-7, 6-2. Charles Foley
and George Janes beat George Baker and
J. M. Baker, 7-5.
The class singles tournament ¦ com
menced last Sunday on the public courts
will be run off as, far as possible to-<Jay.
The feature will be the final of the first
class at 2 p. m. The contestants will be
Charles Dunlap and George Baker. • "
Harold Gabriel beat Bradley Wallace, 0-2.
Ji-7. 6-1 J Harry McAfee beat Glenn Corwill.
:!-6, 2-«. 0-4. 0-4, 7-5; Robert Drolla beat Sid
ney Smith. 6-.1, 6-2, 0-4; Norman Hodgkinson
beat Kay Cornell, 6-2, 0-1, 6-3, 5-7; A. Little
beat Gu? Usser, 0-1, 0-1, 3-0; Gabriel beat
Little, 6-3. C-4, 7-5; L. C. Bozarth beat G. W.
Murphy, 6-3. <3-4; W, S. Averell beat B. J.
Wood, 0-4, 5-7, 0-2; Harry Butler beat Her
bert Long-, fl-O. tf-4, 4-0; Homer Parker and
KVank Stringham beat Henry Rolfe and Sidney
Salisbury, 7-5. 7-0; B. Wallace and Horate
Mann beat Averell and Wood. 6-4; Gus Liseer
beat McAfee, 8-6. 7-5, 6-0; Stringham and
Salisbury beat Parker and Henry Mills, 0-4,
0-3; Itolfe beat Parker, 6-0, 4-2; Sherwood,
Adams and G. D. Russell beat Charles Kuehn
and Dr. Hill, 0-4. 7-5, 3-6. 7-5; Long and Dr.
McCliesney beat Mills and Butler, 7-5; W. S."
Murphv beat G. R. Murphy, 6-4; Wallace and
Salisbury tied Parker and Mann, 6-4, 3-6. x
The following matches were played
In singles Ray Cornell and Normkn
Hodgkinson played an interesting match.
The crack professional proved too strong
for his amateur opponent,, who finally
won a set after losing three. Cornell
could make but little headway against
the swift strokes of Hodgkinson.
Dr. McChesney maintained his winning
streak and beat Harry Butler two sets.
Butler, who Is a Canadian player, joined
the club recently. He has a good style
and his strokes are clean, ire will sure
ly be heard from.. . .
; The matches contained much more class
i # than usual, and the majority of' them
'were close and exciting.
! The best match was that between Sher
i wood Adams and G. D. Russell, ; the cx
j champion of Michigan, and Dr. H. P.
: Hill and Charles Kuehn. Russell showed
a lack of practice, but his side won three
out of the four sets played.
Homer Parker and Frank Strmgham
took two close sets from Sidney Salisbury
and Henry Rolfe. The losers played a
spectacular driving game, but String
ham's sure < chop strokes proved effec
tive against* his hard hitting opponents.
Stringham and Salisbury joined • forces
and beat Parker and Henry Mills two
sets.
The wind and fog: did not deter the ten
nis players yesterday afternoon, when the
largest crowd in many weeks was pres
ent on the club and public courts. So
numerous were the players at the Cali
fornia Club courts that in most cases it
became necessary for them to double up
in order that all might be accommodated.
Lawrence avers In his petition that h«
is illegally held and makes the plea that
Gertrude Stephens testified at his prelim
inary hearing that "she loaned the money
upon future events, to-wit: marriage at
seme future, undetermined date, and the
Investment of the money In. business at
some future time."
Miss Stephens says Lawrence inveigled
her into loaning him money under the
impression that she was getting a. hus
band. She Bays she let him have the
money to Invest and that he promised
to marry her. As he neither made tha
Investment nor wedded her she had him
arrested for obtaining money under false
pretenses.
Attorney A. F. St. Bure 1 applied to Su
perior Judge Ellsworth to-day for a writ
of habeas corpus for the release of
Charles Lawrence, now confined In the
Broadway Jail in- San Francisco on a
charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses preferred by Miss Gertrude Steph
ens. Lawrence will be brought to A^j
meda County, where his petition will b«
heard.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. Aug. 8.
Detailed Charges Are Filed
Against Scientists Who
Bribed Them.
Manager of the Contra Costa
Water Company in Seri-'
ous Condition.
New Line to Be Equipped
to Facilitate Travel
Into Valley.
Quotes Miss Stephens' Own
Testimony as Grounds
for Discharge.
Alameda Citizens' Committee
Favors Introduction
of Ordinance.
Large Attendance at Califor
nia Club and Park '
Courts.
Valuable Property Is Taken
From the Store of
A. A. Handle.
Berkeley Jewelry Store
Entered and Time-'
pieces Removed.
Franchise Negotiations
to Be Conducted on
New Lines.
Indians Perform Sun
Dance for Fifteen
Dollars.
Second Operation Per
formed to Sever
i Appendix. .
Disagreeable Weather
Does Not Deter Throng
of Enthusiasts.
Machines Will Take the
Place of Old Stage -
Coaches.
Obtains Habeas Corpus
Writ in Alameda
County.
SELF-TORTURE
FOR SMALL PAY
BURGLAR STEALS
MANY WATCHES
ENGLISH AGAIN
UNDER A KNIFE
AUTOMOBILES
FOR YOSEMITE
LAWRENCE ASKS
FOR HIS LIBERTY
PLAYING TENNIS
IN WIND AND FOG
CHANGE PLAN
OF PROCEDURE
THE SA3ST FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
" '¦ &SBON. * Aug." 8.— The • 'American squadron
nailed 1 to-day for Vlllefranche. s ¦ Southern
France. ;• - •¦ •.-•." -. ,- v ¦ .
OAKLAND, Aug. 8.— The following mar-,
rlage licenses were Issued to-day: Albert
M. Poulsen. 25,' and Eleanor H. Brandt, 21,
both of Oakland ; Edwin A. Rowland, 24,
and: May Martin, - 22, both of .'.Oakland;:
Henry W. ; Shartzer,. 32, and Mildred C.
Allen, 30, both'of. Sacramento; Karl Fahle/
28, and- Anna Muller, lSVboth of Berkeley;
George S.-Pyle, 36, Oakland," and Annie E.
Duff, 27, Berkeley. ' • \ " '
Marriage Licenses.
BOWLING TOURNAMENT
IS WON BY Y. C. LAWSON
Stcrnberg- Remains at Oyster Bay.
OYSTER BAY. N. Y., Aug. 8.—Embas
eador von Sternberg Is still the guest of
the President at Sagamore Hill. He In
tended to leave on the afternoon train
to-day and authorized the announcement
that he would do 00, but at the Instance
of the President he decided to remain
untU Monday. It is expected that Gen
eral Oliver, the new Assistant Secretary
of War, will visit the President next week
to discuss departmental work and pend
ing Questions with him.
38
THE CIVIL WAD IN
PICTORIAL MNORAMA
IN all the gamut of human emotions there is nothing that stirs the
inmost soul of man like the clash of war. Civilization may cul-
tivate lamblike virtues, but it does not eradicate the instinct for the
heroic and the ferocious. In music it is the crashing martial strain that
makes the stronEestiappeal to the greatest number. In mythology the
greatest warriors are given most reverence. In history the battle cry
ever sounds the loudest. mos;t sensuous note; while in art i^ is the wild
scenes of blood and carnaKe--of daredevil attack and desperate defense—
in the awful shock of contending forces that rouses all the passions to
fever heat. And thus it is that around the spirit that will do and die for
a principle the tendcresfc sentiments ever cling. And thus it is, top,
that the coming Encampment- of the Grand Army of the Republic in
our city. stands as the symbol of all America's present grandeur.
To those whose names make up it3 roll of honor that stupendous
struggle must ever be a vivid reality, but to those of the younger gen-
eration the hope and despair of that fierce conflict must be s«en through
the eyes of the artist and the painter. And it is a remarkable fact that
some of the best battle scenes ever painted are those depicting our great
Civil War from beginning to end.
It is this fact that has enabled The Sunday Call in its* special
G. A. R. Edition next Sunday to present its readers with the best pic-
torial panorama of fiercest battles of the war that can be offered by a
modern newspaper. Beginning with General Grant's victory at Fort
Donelson, these pictures carry you through the entire war to its spec-
tacular close with the surrender of General Lee at Appomattox, which
scene alone, replete as it is with historical characters, is one of the most
n6table pictures ever reproduced on a modern color press. There is
"The Battle of Shiloh." "Chattanooga," "The Siege of Vicksburg."
"Sherman's March to the Sea." "The Battle of Gettysburg," "Grant's Ca-
reer From West Point to Appomattox," etc.
And in the line of fiction the greatest popularity has ever been given
to tales of love and war. Just think what themes the Civil War had to
offer 1 And what sentiment, too! There is "Forty Years After" in the
next Sunday Call, for instance. It is a story of the wavering tide of
battle at Vicksburg. with a thrillingly "pathetic denouement in this citv.
Then there 13 "A Girl of the South," "Fate's Pence." "A War Vision"
and "Trying Him Out." which latter will bring back the most stirring
memories to any one who knows anything about war.
And in a different way. how many know anything about the
speeches that created that awful slaughter. There are two .pages of fervid
eloquence that will, simply amaze you , who read them now, so many
years after. " £8*9
And even more strangely appealing are the two pages of anecdotes
from the hospital, the bivouac and the battlefield told by women, who
consecrated their lives to nursing. It is war— actual war — from the
point of view of over fifty of these ministering angels.
And last but not least, there is that magnificent Supplement — tender
sentiment crystallized into color — "The Old Army Chest." wherein a
hardy warrior of the rebellion is showing his treasures to his beautiful
.fair-haired daughter. Just register a deep- voiced complaint with vour
carrier if you do not get this picture with your G. A. R. Edition of the
next Sunday Call. .,..,.... . .Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisiiis,Honey.
An Improvement -in the export demand
higher Liverpool markets and a continued small
movement were bullish Influences which caused
a strong opening in wheat. There was & good
demand from commission houses and local
traders at the start,, principally for the Sep.
tember delivery,, and that month opened U@£a
higher at .79%®79%c. Some , scattered liqui
dation during the first few minutes caused ¦ a
slightly easier feeling when September sold off
to 79Uc, but when the selling had ceased the
market quickly regained all the loss and prices
continued to advance as the session nrns-rauad.
CHICAGO, Aug. 8.— A bullish sentiment per
vaded the grain pits to-day and on a good de
mand wheat ruled strong, the September deliv
ery closing with a gain of %c. September corn
Wfcs Up %e, oats were %©Kc higher and pro
visions from 6©10c higher. - \ , -. ,
Chicago Grain Market.
Wheat — ¦_>.-! Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 22 65 21 90"
Closlng 22 65 2180
Flour —
Opening r. .". 30 60 29 55
Closing 30 20 29 35
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec
Opening 6 4% 6 4ft N 6 4T4
Closing 6 4% 6 4H 6 4t£
PARIS. '*
Foreign Futures.
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 8.
Flour, qr sks... 22,193] Wool, bales .... 251
Wheat, ctls 1O.S73 Feed, sks gj
Barley, ctls .... 14,820 Pelts. No 570
Oats, ctls .. 1.170 Hides, No 131
Corn, ctls 940| Leather, rolls .. 2S5
Beans, sks 434, Wine, gals 29,0oo
Potatoes, sks . . 4,200 Sutrara. ctls .... 1 00O
Hay. tons .*....-. 4fK> Tallow, ctls ... 5
Onions, sks .... .-- 00O Lime, bbls 91
Bran, sks ...... 713 Paper, rms .... 561
Middlings, sks.. 45 Powder, cars .. 2
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 13,282" Feed, sks ..;.. 600
Oats, ctls 2. 10O Shorts, sks .... 1,500
Bran, sks .. -3,250 Groats, sks .... 23
Middlings, sks.. 667-
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls 2,000lFeed, sks 445,
Bran, sks ...... 1,819 [ '
Receipts of Produce.
Mining Stocks on Page TLirty-Five.
CORN— Previous prices rule, with continued
meager stocks." The Chicago letter of , Bolton.
De Ruyter A . Co/ said : '.'Market ' rteady and
firm. •¦*; Th« reeeiota continue very moderate and
¦ M ¦¦¦-"•¦-.¦ - . ¦ •
"¦ .!''.• f t '¦¦:¦- :¦'¦¦•'¦¦ ";>¦ '.-,:":' ".':'•¦¦
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. A High. Lo W . close
December ...$106%W$l, 06% ,$1 00^4 S ] L 06&
OATS — There' is no j change in the situation
The demand is " merely # fair and . prices are
steady. :.. : - ¦" -'¦•*¦ ¦¦ ¦ ' : '-- : "--••'••¦ . • ...¦'¦.-
White. $1 20@l 30; Black, $1 13H®1 27U;
Red, : $1 12%@1 17 M far common and $1 2u&
130 for choice: Gray, nominal.. :. - r.-,'^
FUTURES.
Feed. $1 .OBtfrOnS; new Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 12%01 17%; Chevalier. $1 20@l 40 for
fair to choice. .',-,..¦
Open. High. • Low. cios»
December .;.$l,43tf $1 48V4 $1 48 $1 48W
BARLEY— Receipts, were heavy yesterday
and the week closed dull and easy, with but
few cash transactions, though futures were
higher. : • . . ,
CASH BARLEY.
California Club, $1 43®1 50; California
Whit* Australian. $1 50@l 62*4; Northern"
Club, $1 45: Northern Blue Stem, $1 65- Ore
gon Valley. $1 52%. ' ure
"FUTURES. . .
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
In * this market the cash grain was easy
and buyers were reported holding eff and re
fusing to pay the high asking quotations
The opinion Is growing that the cash market
will soon weaken, in view of the fact that
California Is the highest market in the world
owing to local conditions, which cannot con
tinue forever, and that as soon as th*' scarcity
Is relieved - the tendency ¦ will naturally be
toward a readjustment to universal conditions'
Futures showed some advance.
¦S.:: ¦'•¦•: ; .. CABH WHEAT.
Chicago was higher, with a tame and un
interesting market. Southwest acceptances
were light. The Chicago letter of Bolton De
Ruyter A Co. said: "Market was about Bteady
Saturday Is usually a dull day in the cash
line and while prices were higher in Minne
apolis they, were about unchanged In the South
western markets. Liverpool showg fair
strength. Primary receipts are again less than
half of last year's movement and country buy
ers and the farmers' offerings are disappoint
ing. This is. we v thlnk. the strons? feature of
the situation. Government report will keep
the -market waiting. It Is expected that th©
condition will be lower. We are inclined to
think .there is good strong buyinsr of wheat
in this market by well-informed people, those
In closest touch with th^ cash situation We
still feel It wise to advise purchases of wheat
on the soft spots." •
WHEAT— Liverpool futures wero higher and
Paris futures weaker.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The Siberia too* -' out a treasure list of
$77,239. conststing of $34,463 In Mexican dol
lars. $M0 in gold coin, $536 In goid dust and
$41. «00 in silver bullion, all for Honfrkon*
Silver Is a fraction higher. Exchange rates
remain unchanred.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. 14 84
Sterling Exchange, sight _ \ S () u
Sterling Exchange, cables __ 4 kti;
New York Exchange, sight 7U
New York Exchange, telegraphic — jo
Silver, per ounce — ! 5-
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — t^
Exchange and Bullion.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet and prices, in the absence of important
demand, are more or less nominal. Common
are quoted at 4@5!Ac; prime, 59i06c: choice
0%<fl«%c; fancy, 6#@7kc. U '
PRUNES — Are a trifle firmer on the larger
sizes, and in fair demand, though the ranee of
prices remains unchanged at from 3@5c.
APRICOTS— Still show a fair movement, and
while business la reported well within the
quoted range, the general tone is firm. Choice
are quoted at 8@8%c; fancy, 10©12c.
PEACHES — Are quiet. Choice, 7@7Uc;
fancy. fi@10V4c. - , * a '
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8.— FLOUR— Receipt*.
J4.914 barrels; exports, 8877 barrels. Dull, but
prices were firmly held. Winter patents, $3 00
<34 30; winter straights, $3 35<&i 65; Minne
sota patents, $4 60@4 75; winter extras, $2 «0
©3 90; Minnesota low grades, $2 70(g3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 29.200. gpot firm. No
2 red, 84%c elevator and S4t4e f. o. b. afloat-
No. I Northern Duluth. OOtjc f. o. b. afloat-
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 91T4c f. o. b. afloat There
was a firm tone to the early wheat market and
continued advances were made, based on better
Liverpool Cables, prospects for a bullish visible
report on Monday and poor crop reports. The
close was firm at 'io net advance. May closed
at 82%c, September at 85«4c and December
at B6c.
HOPS— Firm. Paclflc Coast 1902 crop 16©
22c; 1901, ll@15c; olds, 6@7Hc. ¦
HIDES— Steady. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds
18c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 10c.
WOOL— Quiet. Domestic fleece, 28Q32c
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 13-16c
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 11-l«o; molasses eucar'
'2. 15-lOc. Refined Is firm. No. 6, 4.60c; No 1
4.55*; No. R, 4.50c; No. 9, 4.45c; No. 10, 4 40c-
No. 11, 4.35c; No. 12, 4.30c; No. 13, 4.25c-' No'
14, 4.20c; confectioners' A, 4.85c; mould a',
6.20c; cut loaf, 5.C0e; crushed, 5.B0c; powdered
6.10c: granulated, 5c: cubes. 5.25c '
COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice
5>,4c. Mild quiet; Cordova. 7@llc. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed strong net 20 to
30 points higher. Sales, 41,750 bags, including •
September. 3.75®3.90c: December. 4.8004 40c-
March, 4.50c; May. 4.C5(&4.00c: July, 4.80®5c. '
New York Grain and Produce.
PEARS — Bartletts, 00c@$l for wrapped; large
open boxes, $101 23 ftt.No. 1 and 23@50c for
No. 2: to cannere, $15@33 per ton; Dearborn
Seedlings. 40#5Oc for larte open boxes.
FIGS — Jlifr 1 25 per box.
PLUMS — 50@75c per crate and 40@50c per
box; large open boxes,* 60@75c; to canners, $20
©25 t>er ton. ¦ .
NECTARINES — Nominal.
APRICOTS — 40StB0c f6r umall boxes and 60©
75c for large: in bulk, $15@25 per ton.
• PEACHES — 23@50c for small boxes and 35@
65c for large: baskets from the river, . 20^40c.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 73c@$l 23 for small
crates and $1 50^2 forjarge crates from Win
ters and the river: Nutmeg Melons, 40®50c per
box or crate: Watermelons,*. $,"5<?20 per hundred.
, GRAPES — Fontainbleau. 50®65c per box or
crate;- Seedless, 75c®$l 15 per box ;or crate;
other varieties. 60<g90c per box operate.
CITRU8 FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 5O®
2 60 per box: Seedlings, fUJl 25; VaUncIas,.
fl 60(13; St. Michaels, $2@3: Mediterranean
Sweets, SI 2501 60; Lemons, 60c@$2 50; Grape
Fruit. $1@1 25; Mexican Limes, WSH 50; Ba
nanas, $1 60©2 50 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and 75c@$l 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 60fi;2 50 per dosen. '
Trading Fruits was active, as retailers
were purchasing freely for the Sunday trade,
and there was a steady Inquiry for good soun-1
stock for shipment north on the Sound ("teamer.
Supplies, however, were too large to permit of
any great advance in prices. Choice Plums,
Peaches and Apricots' and good Apples and
Pears in wrappers were vranted for shipping
and some exceptionally fine '.ots commanoed a
small premium over the quoted rates. Sup
plies of common stock continued Abundant and
sold at the old established prices The river
boats arrived late with heavy cargoes of Bart
lett Pears, chiefly contract Stock consigned to
canners. No. 1 Bartlett Pears continued scarce
and a few lots In bulk sold nt an advance over
the maximum quotation. The canners were
taking more interest in choice Egrg and Green
Gage Plum6, and several 6ules were reported
at advanced prlcef. Apricots in bulk continued
dull, as the canners were Indifferent buyers and
the public demand was limited. Receipts of
Figs were ve!ry llfeht. less than 20 small boxes
being received. Fresh supplies of Nutmeg
Melons and Cantaloupes arrived lute, but car
ried over stock was abundant and moved freely
at previous prices. The fresh arrivals InciudPd
much preen stock, which moved slowly and
there was a considerable quantity unsold at the
close. There was a steady inquiry for Water
melons, ¦ but -supplies were too heavy for the
market andvprlcea were unchanged. One firm
had nine cars standing on the track. The
usual quantity of Strawberries and Blackber
ries came In and choice lots met with quick
sale at good figures. Huckleberries arrived
freely from Point Arena and Sonoma and
prices were lower.
The market lor Citrus and Tropical Fruits
was devoid of especial feature and all quota
tions stood unchanged.
STlt AW BERRIES — Longworths. nominal:
other varieties. f3@5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $4@7 per chest. >,
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50<a4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@8c per lb. v
. APPLES — 60c@$l per box for choice and fan
cy and 23<S>50c for common. Crabapples, 23@40o
for small boxes and 40®60e for large.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, Aug. S.— Exports of specie
from this port this week have been $IQS,35O
silver and ?2100 gold. Imports of specf« this
week at New York were $23,380 gold and $20 -
074 ellver. Imports of dry goods and merchan
dise at New York for the past week were
valued at $10,007,130.
Exports and Imports.
were 30,495 shares, valued at $15,117. th* lead-
Ing sales being as follows: Central Point Con
solidated. 1300 shares; Home. 2122: Junction,
2500; lion. 2000; Occidental. 2400; Reed Crude.
2000; Independence. 12.575; Sovereign. 1900;
Aztec and Chicago Crude. 600 each; Four.
900.
A local trad* paper reports a recent sal* of
Bank of California "Rights" to th* new stock
at $150. which Is equivalent to purchasing ta«
present stock with all "right*" at $325. It
was also reported that $465 was bid for the
new stock, or a premium of $165 per share.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
Valley paid a dividend of 10 cents per sbar*
yesterday. This Is the second dividend since
the mine was reopened and makes the fortieth
In all. .
The Potosl Mining Company has levied aa as
sessment of 10 cents per share.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of
75 cents per share August 12.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
* . | '
\ SATURDAY. Aug. 8—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
<s qr reg....l0O%110ViUs q c (nefw)134%l35it«
(s qr reg....l09%110%V33 qr coup.. — 107%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala AW 5s. — — OTto ..,..- 122*4
Bay CPC 6s. — 103% Do 5s ..*. — 114
PCOftE5i- — Do con 6s. — 103
Cal G & E k Oceanic SCSs — 8.1
m and ct 5s — ICO Om C R 6s. — 12H
Cal-st C 5s. — — Pac G Imp 4s 95 10O
C C Wat 5s. 102 — P E Ry 5s.. 106 10*
Ed L A F 6s. — — P 4 C B «>, — 103 -
F Cl R 69. .116% — P & O R 6s. — —
Deary-st R 5s 40 60 Powell-st 6s.ll6% —
H CAS 5%s.lO2% — 8 E Q&R 8s. — 103%
H C & 8 5s. 95 — SP & SJV5s.ll9% —
Hon R T «s. — 108 8 R of C 6a. 110}, 112 Vi
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. 112% — <1900) 107% — '
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
. Do gtd 5s.lO6 — (19©5)Sr A.103% — •
LAP lem 6s.l03%104% (1905)Sr B. — 105U
Mkt-st C 6S.122 — (1906) 107 103
Do lem 5s. 117% — (1912) 117^4 —
N R of C 6s. 106% — SPC leg 69.1204 —
NRC(ofC) 5s. — 1 120%! Do stmpd.107% —
N P C RR 5s — ' lOOViS P B R 6». — ' 140
N C Ry 5s. — lit"-, S V Wat f.s.107 —
N C P 5s... — 1CO% Do 4s 2dm. — —
N S R 6e — 101 Do 4s Sdm. 99?410O
O G L H fts.110 — FtRTT'G&E 6s. 87% 102 U
O W C g 6s. — 100 U G & E 5S.105 107 ; ¦
WATEH STOCKS.
Contra Costa M 60 ' 1 Port Costa.. 84 68 V.
Maria Co ... 60% — ISpring Val.. 83 -^5
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— 6 Sao E G*R. S3 — j
Eqult Gas... Jk% 5 S F G & E. 65% 66?V
Mutual B L. — 13 B F Gas 8 3 1 ,
Pac G Imp.. — 63% Stkn G & E. 5 — .
Pac L Co... Ki% 66% U O ft E....3*',i —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
8 F O & E. 63 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — Lon P & A. 183 —
Anglo-Cal ..93%— Merch Trust. 200 250
Bank of Cal.522 — Merch Ex . . — — "
C S D & T. .142%160 S F Natlonl. — — ?
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & I* . — ZZI& Sav & L 89. 92% _
Hum SAL.-* — See Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. 95 — Union T Co.2150 —
8 F Sav U..600 730 •
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — [Presidio .... 83 45 * ;
Geary — 60 J
POWDER.
Giant 69 70 /Vlgorit 5 !SS
: A.V SUOAR.
Hana P Co.. — 15c Kiiauea S C. — W,
Hawaiian C. 44 49% Makawell C. 20 25 v *
Honokaa S C* — 13 Onomea 8 C. 23 —a
Hutch SPC I2»i — Faauhaa 8 C 14 — £,.
- MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl42?4145 Oceanic 8 Co 7 7ft
Cal Fruit As — 90% Pac A F A. 2?i — >.
Cal Win* As 97 97% Pac C Borxiea — ,•
Morning Session.
Board —
6 Alaska Packers' Assn 145 OO
J5.C0O Contra Costa Water 102 JW
40 Cal Wine Assn 97 «<»
$2. COO Sprins Valley (2d mtge) 99 23
500 Hana Plantation Co IS
California Stock and Oil Exchange
~~~~ BI(Jf Asked*
Caribou Oil Co *» »¦
Four Oil «* 70 '¦'
Hanford Oil 127 0O 140 (V)f
Home Oil 2 80 2 Ml
Imperial Oil 19 OOi
Independence Oil 18 U*
Junction Oil 2O 23^
Kern Oil 5 23 .....
Lion Oil 04 05?
Monte Crlsto Oil 83 *0;
Monarch 3* M
Oil City Petroleum 29 SO
Peerless Oil 14 CO I
Reed Crude OH 40 41,
San Joaquin Oil 5 73 ...'..'
Sterling Oil 3 00 3 10,
Thirty-tare* Oil 8 W ;
Twenty-eight Oil 3 25 ? 25 *
Union OH LSfiJ
United Petroleum US CO ?
West Shore Oil 3 05 3 30 s
Miscellaneous — 'J
Abby Land & Impt JL 2 " >
Alameda Sugar 2» <*>
American Biscuit 95 00 100 0O-
American District Tel jL
Bay Counties Power T
Cal Central Gas & Elec j
Cal Cotton Mills S3 OO .....'*
Cal Jockey Club 103 00^
Cal Shipping Co 25 6f> ttHNffl
Cal Title Ins & Trust 150 00 1*0 00*
Central Bank of Oakland Cl CO
Chutes Company 850
City & County Bank
Cypress Lawn Impt Co. . 6 23 « 50 ,
. Eastern Dynamite ¦
Ewa Sugar Plantation ......
Gas Consumers" Assn !J M
Honolulu Sugar 19 30 r
London & S F Bank (Ltd). ....- ,
Mercantile Trust ;
Northern Cal Power 9 7o
Nevada National Bank j
North Shore Railroad 7 00.-
Orpheum Company ............ 15 W>"
Paclflc States Tel & Tel 122 30 .
Paraffine Paint C3 00 SStZH*^*
Postal Device A Impt S*S««««'«KJ
San Francisco Drydock 47 00
fcausallto Land A Ferry.. 16 00
Sperry Flour Company :>
Standard Electric .'.. 18 0»>-
Truokee Electric 13 23 16 00,
Union Sugar 22 W»
United Gas * Electric 34 50 1
Western Fish Co •••••'i
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
lOtfo Lion « :
23 Monarch ¦>.... 5."i
300 Central Pt Con x«
300 Home (cash) 2 8V.
150 Hana Plantation Co 13
EGGS — Ranch, 27%@2Se for large white se
lected and 25027c for good to choice; store. 18
©24c; Eastern, lS@21c per dozen. .. -
Butter. Tt-ith one or two exceptions is quot
ed »tee«Jfer by th» trade, and thougK24c con
tinues the ruling quotation 2T* is b^ng real
ised without difficulty. Stocks are unevenly
distributed, some houses having light supplies
and others being overstocked.
Cheese continues plentiful asd <Jull.
There is no change In Eggs,' the markft bo-
Ing steady, with *ut'nVlcnt stock to meet the
demand.
Receipts were 23,700 lbs , Butter, £CI cas»3
Eggs and 57,500 lbs Cheese. /
BUTTER— Creamery. 2-H&25o; dairy. 22%«|>
23c; store Butter. 17fi2ric; Eastern, 22@22»ic.
CHEESE— New. 12@12%c; Young America.
13%@14>4e; Eastern, 16%@16c; Western, 14®
15c per lb.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
COFFEE — C. E. Blckford'n circular says:
"Market has been extremely quiet and at pres
ent writing continues dull and heavy, dealers
being little disposed to buy in excess of tem
porary requirements. Stocks in importers'
hands are large, but an arrivals for the season
are practically over, will decrease rapidly from
now on. 8trlctly superior grades of washed
Coffees are exhausted, fair to prime are still
In good supply, but not more. The assortment
is overloaded with ash-damaged and nonde
scripts, mainly Guatemala?. Large quantities
of mild Coffees are now coming forward to
New York from Venezuela and United States
of Colombia, and heavy receipt* from those
quarters are expected for come months to
come. Quotations In New York fcr these have
declined quite sharply of late and has direct
bearing upon the product of Central America.
The position of Brazilians has weakened a
trifle during the past month, both as to spot
Coffee and futures, and is generally regarded
as not promising any improvement under ex
isting- conditions and crop prospects as now es
timated. At the close to-day, however, futures
improved 5 to 15 points under heavy specula
tive buying of the distant positions. Spot Cof
fee unchanged. Receipts at the ports of Brazil
so far are slightly In excess of last year's. To
day's first hand stock consists of 10, SM bass
Costa Rica. 2584 Nicaragua. 29 Honduras. 15 -
620 Salvador. GO, 008 Guatemala. 2C02 Mexican
and 6889 various, in all 68.716 bags."
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 6®
6%c per lb; Whitf Lead. e@6%e. according to
quantity. • •
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 100-1 b bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.75c;
Powdered. 6.60? ; Candy Granulated, 5.«'i0c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.50c: Fruit Granulated. 5.50c; Beet Oranulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners' A.
6.50c; Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C. 3c: Golden
C, 4.90c; "D," 4.80c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 20c mere; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
lee* than 75 barrels «r its. en.ijvalet t.
COAL OIL — Water Whit* Coal Oil in bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20%e; Ex'-a Star. 2i%c; Elaine. 2«%c;
Eocene 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 17c; In cases, 23%c; Benzine, la bulk,
13c ; In cases. 10 %c; 8U-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 21c; In cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — 73c per gallon in cases and
67e In drums and Iron barrels.
BAGS— Grain Bags are held higher, with a
rale of 10.000 St 5%c. Grain Bags. 5-gMj^:
San Quentin. 5.55c: Wool Bags. 32«?35c: F1eec»
TwJn*. 7Vji98c; Cotton Fmlt Bags. 6!jc, 6*jC
and 7 l ic fcr the three irrades.
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Stanford, $7; Rcslyn,
$7; Coos Bay. $5 60; Greta. $7; Wallsend,
$7 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland, $13
In bulk and $14 25 in pack*; Welsh An
thracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel.
$<? 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13 per ton in bulk
and $13 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases. 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10®l 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 05c;
China Nut. 57%<ge2e per gallon: pure Neats
foot In barrels. 75c; cases SOc; Sperm, pure,
70c;* Whale Oil. natural white. 50»55c per gal
lon: Fish Oil, in barrels. 45c; cases, 50c; Co
coanut Oil In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian. '
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ftocks— Sales. Hii?h. Low. Close.
Atchison 2S.000 57 54»i 54T 8
Atchison pfd 1,600 W-% *5» t
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1.700 78»i 77S 77*j
Balto & O pfd 300 *S« t «** K5«-
Canadian Pacific .. 12,300 120 118 ll^Vi
Central cf N J 1 55
Ches & Ohio 2,3rtO 2fl 28 2R
Chicago * Alton.. S'xt 2O<4 15 19?,
Chi &. Alton pfd.. 100 61'i «1? B 61
Chicago & G W... S00 ll»» lHi 1*
Chi & G W B pM 27
Chicago & N V.'... l,.W> 156% 1844 1W
CM Term & Tran. 200 8 «'i ««i
CM T & T pfd 600 J«'i 17 17»;
C C C ft Pt Louis. COO 6S« a 67 '.g 67
Colo Southern .... .'100 ll>i 11 ll^i
Colo So 1st pfd... 200 4*% HVt 44
Colo So 2d pfd.... %oo IS 17>i 17H
Del & Hudson SKW 150 151^, 151
Del Lack «- West 230
Denver A; R G 100 21»i 21% 20
Denver & R G pfd. 7<«i 75 73H 72
Krie l«,SO0 24% 21 2.5
Krie in rfd 2,700 04', 63 &
Erie 2d pfd *<*) 45' 2 45 44»i
Great Northern pfd. l"0 X65 165 160
Hocking Valley .. 200 67 66»i 65*i
Hocking Valley pfd 81
Illinois Central ... POO 12«>4 127»4 127
Iowa Central l«O 16 14 15
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 S2 32 r.2
Kansas City So 19
Kansas City So pfd 300 35 34 35
I^ouis & Natsh ... 3,5<>0 101 90<£ WU
Manhattan L ..... 700 l.W'i 129 12SSJ
Metropolitan St Ry. 8.200 112& 1O8V4 108>i
Minn & St Louis 60
Missouri Pacific ,. 23.800 SWA 8«Vi »7*4
Mo Kan Sz Texas.. W>0 17 16 16
Mo K & T pfd 200 37 36 35
N R R of Mex pfd. 400 35*4 3* 3**A
N Y Central 4.400 118»i H7 117
Norfolk & West... 1,200 CO Is 59 «i f>\i
Nor & West pfd h5
Ontario & Western. 1.000 . 2054 lf?i 19Ts
Pennsylvania 2H.400 121 119»* 11»%
Pitts C C & S L 58
Reading 12.300 45% 45',* 4fl
Reading m pfd... Wi bO 80 79%
Reading 2<1 pfd *>5
Rock Island Co ... 9,100 20^ ju% 20%
Fock Island Co pfd 600 68'^ E7«4 67 >4
Bt Louis & S F 50
ft I, & S F 24 pfd. 100 45 45 4:1
St Louis S W <••• J'-
St L S W pfd 600 25% *2a 24%
Bt Paul 27,800 13«9i 153% 1W%
St Paul pfd 168
Southern Pacific .. 11.900 40% 39J4 Wi,
Soathcrn Railway.. 0,200 1» l<?i ll?i
-t^uthern Ry rfd... 300 81% MU* 79%
Tr-xas & Pacific .. l.WJO 22 21% 21 >4
Tol St L & West . 15&
U^^flY Pfd :34;566' 70" gjj |j4
Wabash pfd ...... 1.400 31 Vi 29% 2»%
Wheel & Lake Erie -•• •••• 13%
Wisconsin Central.. 400 16 15", 15^
Wlscon Cent ptd... . 3l>0 30^ 36% 36%
Kxprees Companies —
Adams „••*' _i
American 50 176 1.6 176
United States 200 95 05 00
Wtlls-Fargo J95
Miscellaneous — „_„, „_.,
Amalgam Copper . 9.SO0 29 37% St%
Am Car & Foundry 1.5HO 30% 30 . 30
AmC&Fdypfd.. 000 81 «i 81 »4 81%
Am Linseed Oil 83%
Am Linseed Oil prd r. 29%
Am Locomotive ... 600 17 15% 15%
Am Locomotive pfd 300 82 81%. ,80
Am Smelt & Rig.. 200 41% 40% 40%
Am Km & Rfg pfd. 300 87% 87 80%
Am Sugar Refining 4,900 112 110% 110%
Anacon Mining Co. 600 67% 67 07
Brook Rap Transit 10,300 42 37% 38%
Colo Fuel & Iron 40
Col & Hock Coal.. , 200 11% 11 10%
Consolidated Gas .. 100 172 166 1C7
General Electric .. 400 152 150 150
IntematI Paper 10%
Int Paper pfd 63»4
Internatl Pump 34%'
Int Pump pfd 74
National Biscuit . 500 35%. 35%- 84%
National Lead ... 200 13% 13% 13%
North American .. 1.500 71% 70% 73
Pacific Mail 2.100 18% 18 18%
People's Gas ...... 2,200 91% 90 02%
Pressed Steel Car. . 200 38 37% 37%
Presd Steel Car pfd ..... 78%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 21 21 20%
Republio Steel .... 500 10% 10% 10%
Republic Steel pfd 300 61% 60 60%
Rubber Goods 600 13% 13 12%
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 65 65 64
Tenn Coal & Iron ,. 2,100 35% 83%* 33%
U 8 Leather 500 7% 7 7
V 8 Leather pfd.. 1,000 77% 76 75%
U S Rubber 100 9 C 8%
U 8 Rubber pfd... 100 84 34 ' 33 «£
IT S Steel 29,200 21% 20% 2Ot
TJ 8 Steel pfd 6.000 6» 68 «8
Western Union ... 300 fc2 81 % Sl%
Total sales 466.084 share*.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 ref 2s reg... 106% L & Nash unl 4s 98%
U S ref 2s coup. .1(XJ% Mexican Cen 4s... 71
U 8 ref 3s reg.... 106% Mex Cen 1st Inc. . 17U
U S 3s coup 106% Minn & 8 Louis 4s 97%
U 8 new 4s reg... 134% Mo, Kan & Tex 4s 08
U S new 4s coup.l34% l M, Kan &. Tex 2ds 76
I EASTERN MARKETS.
Trading in Poultry was light, but as re
ceipts were likewise prices were maintained.
(Jood larxc young stock continued to com
mand full price*, but old Hens and small
Broilers were rather plow. The market, how
ever, was well cleaned up at the close. A car
of AVestern Poultry is scheduled for to-mor
row's market. Hare. Rabbits and Doves were
steady, the receipts being Just about sufficient
to satisfy the demand. .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. $1 25#l 50; Goslings. $1 2501 50;
Ducks, $3{|4 per dozen for old and $3 50*&4 50
for young; Hens, $405; young Roosters, $~6$3;
old Roosters, $4 5l>®5: Fryers. $4!»4 60; Broil
er*, $3 50(34 for large and $2 604|.3 for small:
Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old and $1 50*51 75
for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 2M1 75 per dozen; Hare,
$1 r>0; Wild Dores. $1 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Bank Clearings.
Local Back Clearings daring the week Just
ended showed a gain of $6,632,703 over the cor
responding week of 1902. being $29,230,78i
egalnrt $22,538,079 last year.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The repcrt of G. N. Salisbury. Section Direc
tor, U. 8. Weather Bureau, for the Washing
ton Crop Bulletin, week ended August 4, is as
: ollows :
The week was unusually cool throughout, for
the time of year, and was without rain, except
light showers on the 30th and 31st in the cen
tral and northeast counties.
There was not the ucual amount of sunshine
lor cummer weather, and, therefore, lt was not
a very Javcrable week for making hay. That
?mployiuent is now, for the most part, fin
ished. A -air average crop, and In tome lo
calities, a heavy crop, ha^ been secured, in
cood condition, in the section of the State w«=t
<f the Cascades. In the eastern section the
1 rop of timothy has been rather licht. The
»eccnd cutting of alfalfa i!> now in the stack,
cad is considered a eood yield.
The weather has been very favorable for har
\ eating- and threehlng winter wheat. Reports
us to the yield are very conflicting. Eome say
I he yield is more than was expected ; others
Ipes. Much depends on the locality, and how '
the land vu prepared, but there can be no j
<ioubt that the yield Is much below the average. ,
except In the beit j>ert£ of Walla Walla and
Spokane ceur.ties. The quality Is {rood, with a
Sirm, plump berry, although the straw Is un
usually short. The weather lias been Just right
for the flUIng of fprtag wheat, which Is now \
approaching maturity. The crop in most dis
tricts will be light, but the quality good. There
is a pood deal of wild oats and -weeds in it.
In Lincoln County harvest is la progress. The
> iHd will not be up to expectations there. In
Spokene County the fall wheat harvest Is about
<<\er. Cora, melons and cucumbers have done
v.r'i in that county. Potatoes. In general over
th«- State, ere a fine crcp this year. Pastures
are beginning to show the effect of dry weather.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
From th(» Crop Bulletin, T'nited States De
1 artment of Agriculture. Wzfhlngton, D. C.,
v,-«k ended July 27:
The apple outlook Is somewhat more rrorn
!*ing- in the middle Atlantic States, upper Ohio
Vailr-y and Illinois, and continues favorable in
Michigan. Iowa and Southern Kansas. In
New England end N«w Tork the prospect is
for lees than en average yield. In Missouri
ppples have mJTered considerably from wind
*n4 hailstorms.
New England— Arr'e* uneven, probably be
low average; berries fairly plentiful.
New York — Grapes Bood: apples lljrht to
good; generally !»ss than fair.
Pennsylvania — Apples and berries fairly
plentiful; other fruits variable.
Maryland end Delaware — Tomatoes not fruit
snjr heavily. Apples promising.
Virginia— Apples doing very well.
North Carolina — Grapes ripening and prom
i*» rood yield.
Florida — Citrus fruits made good progress.
Alabama — Grspes yielding well; melons ln
•cricr. ,
Arkar:«as — Apple* ehort; quality inferior; no
reaches: fair crop melons. /
Kentucky — Apples generally sound and fair
ly plentiful.
MiMouri — Considerable damage to apples by
io«~al Trtnd end hailstorms.
Illinois — Apples mere promising.
Indiana — Apple crop light.
West Virginia — Apples about an average crop
in panhandle fection.
Ohio — Grapes good; apples somewhat more
promising.
Michigan— Peach** ripening nicely; apples
¦ ¦•ontinue promising:.
Wisconsin— Apple crop light; raspberries,
blackberries and cranberries. wh«>re not In
jured by frost, jrocd.
Iowa — Afp!e crop doing well.
Nebraska— Lsie apples fair;' early apples
1'OCT.
Kansas — Apples r<~arce north, fair central,
pood south.
Oklahoma Territory— Fruit giving fair yields.
Maho — High winds damaged some fruit
trees
Colorado— Shipments of tree fruits Increas
ing.
Ctah— Early fruit ripening.
Nevada— Berries end eariy apples ripe.
Weather Report.
fl£9th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Aug. S— 5 p. m.
__ ts 2 2 O •» »a
i if i\ «~ n I
STATIONS. 5 *§ «g |S |~ £
? I I : I I
• ? ? • • •
Baker .'.29.90 88 .',2 N CVar 00
careon ..* 2».84 92 52 W near .dO
Eureka SO. 00 M r.O NW cloudy m
Kreeno 23.70 108 08 NW Clear 00
KlagFtaff 2&.71 82 T.2 SW It.Cldr .00
''Independence .29.78 8S CH 8 I't.Cldy 00
Lo« Anpeles ..^3.86 82 «» SW Pt.Cldy .00
Mt. Tamalpals.29.83 83 77 W citar .00
Xorth Head SO
Phoenix 29.68 102 74 8 I't.Cldy .00
Portland 80.02 hi 58 NW clear .00
Pq^atell© 29.82 JtO 50 SW Clear .00
Point Reyes ..29.85 r>8 4fi NW Fcggy .00
Red Bluff 29^0 108 «C FE Clear .00
Hoseburg 29.94 00 BO N clear -.00
Harramento ..29.7« 08 T4 S Clear .00
Salt Lake ...23.82 70 €0 NW Clear .CO
San Francisco.29.90 €0 4« W I't.Cldy .00
6. L. Obitpo...2».00 78 48 S Clear .00
8an Diego 29. S3 74 «4 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.12 78 62 NW Clear - .00
Spokane 23.94 90 64 NW Clear .00
Tatoosh SO. IS 5« 52 SW Cloudy .(X)
Walla Walla. .30.04 »4 C4 SW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.84 94 52 NW Clear .00
Yuma 30.10 102 78 W Clear .00
'WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather continues unusually warm in
the Interior and cool • and foggy along the
coast of California. Throughout the great
valleys afternoon temperatures range from 98
and 108 degrees. Along the coast temperatures
range from 52 to 74 degrees.
San Francisco is probably the coolest city
In the United States, with a current tem
perature cf 12 degrees. At Mount Tamalpais
the temperature was 66 degrees ct the same
hour.
Thunder-storms prevail in Northern Arizona
and Southern Utah, with high southerly winds
?n the latter section.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 9:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, not quite
so warm In the Interior; light northerly winds,
changing to southerly Inland; brisk westerly
winds on the coart. with fog.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday, with
fog along the coaet and probably showers In
the mountains: light southwest winds.
Nevada — Fair Etnday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
with fog In the morning and at night; brisk
Hfc'eet wind. ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
j| r or the twwsty-feur hoars ending 5 p. m.,
* WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister — Apricots all dried; peach drying
commenced.
Palermo — Bartlett rears about harvested;
quality good: large crop.
Colusa — All crops in g^ood condition.
banta Maria — Calm day, foggy morning*,
excellent for beans, corn and pugar beets.
Hanford— Fine weather for fruit drying;
•wheat first-cIaFs.
Cloverdale — Early Crawford peaches ripen
ins fast.
Napa — All fruit benefited by the warm
.weather.
Stockton — Exceedingly hot and dry winds all
day,
Santa Romi — Crop conditions favorable.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, leas 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8#0c; Cows and Heifers,
7©Sc: thin Cows. 4©5e per lb.
CALVES — 4®5%e per lb 'gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%©3%s per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Sprins. $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, «Hc;
under 140 lbs, 5%{|tSc; Sows, 20 per eent oft:
Boars, 60 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6©7c for Steers and 5$6c per lb for
Cow«.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small. S»#9%e per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. S@»c; Ewes, 8©8%e ptr
P °LAMB— Spring, 9%610%e per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8Vi©»^4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The week closed on a quiet and unchanged
market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
The required reserve was Increased $603,700
through the augmented deposits; adding this
sum to the loss of cash makes a decrease of
$2,473,000 In surplus reserve to $21,587,075.
Calculated upon the basis of deposit* less
those of $37,249,900 of public funds, the sur
plus reserve is $30,910,800.
NEW TORK, Aug. 8.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans $012,697,100,
increase $3,832,«IO; deposits $912,976,500. in
crease *2,414.S00; circulation $4:{.91«,900. in
crease $54,300; legal tenders $77,S13.30O. de
crease $2,972,000: specie $171,841,900. Increase
$1,103,000; reserves $249,655,200, decrease $1,
8(50,300; reserve required $228.O6S,i23, Increase
$003,700; surplus $21.5S7,075, decrease $2,473,
000; ex-United States deposits $30,910,800 de
crease $2,460,625.
The Financier says: The striking feature
of the statement of the associated banks last
¦seek was the increas« of $3,382,600 In loans.
This was entirely contrary to expectations, a
decrease being confidently looked for, as In
deed, it has been for the last three weeks*.
es the result of liquidation In the stock market
and the consequent cancellation of bank loans.
It appears probable, however, that the reason
which was assigned in the bank statement
analysis of the previous week for the failure
of the loan Item to reflect t!ie stock liquida
tion was correct and that the otherwise un
accounted for changes in this ltfttn were due
to j-eloaning of money released by the. can
cellation of collateral loans and also that loan
ing by th» banks at call h»* larrely Increased
because of the absentation by the trust com
panies from such loans In consequence of the.
prevailing low rates for money, these com
panies being Indisposed to disturb their de
fOEitB with banks, upon which depcFits they
probably realize a better average return, in
th* form of interest, than could be obtained
were they to loon their bank deposit? on the
market. The net cash reserve was decrease-i
fl.S39.300. The deposits were increased $2 -
414.000.
Associated Banks' Statement.
120th meridian time, San Frandsoo, Aug
ust 8:
" ' « S a » iT~<
STATIONS. |l|I g| T P\l
e c 2 =¦ '• I '.
** ? S3- ¦ * "
. BE*. .
Clov«rdal» .... 99 49 .... Clear
Colusa 101 64 .... Clear
Eureka 56 50 .... Cloudy NW 6
Fresno 108 60 .... Clear NW 8
Hanford 107 56 Clear
Holllster 84 48 .... Clear
Independence ..98 70 .... Pt.Cldy S Lt
King City fc8 48 .... Clear N Lt
Livermore 101 f>5 . . . . " Clear
Los Angeles... 82 GO .... Pt.Cldy SW 8
Nupa 84 r»0 Clear S
Newman 101 C4 .... Clear
ralermo IOC T>C .... Clear N
I'orterville 104 O0 .... Clear NW ..
Red Bluff 108 7i> .... Clear SE Lt
Riverside 1)3 61 .... Clear
-Sacramento ... 1'S 6* .... Clear S 8
Ban Diego 74 M .... Clear W 8
Kan Francisco. 60 4<» .... Clear W
San Jose 9rt 62 Clear
S. L. Obispo... 7S 4S Clear S Lt
Santa Maria... 7* 55 .... Clear N Lt
Panta Rosa M 47 .... Clear ..... .. j
Ptockton 05 61 .... Clear :
Willows 102 65 Clear NE ..
ONIONS— 75085c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $101 CO per
tack; cratt-s from Alameda, $1 25® 1 75: from
Berkeley, $1 26; Green Peas, 2'.if?3'ic per
lb; String Beans, 2@ttc per lb; Wax. 2f4c;
Lima Beans. 3Vjfe4c per lb; Tomatoes, 4u><jt>Ue
for large boxes from the rtver: Summer
Squash, 20@3Ac per box. Cabbage. 75e?j$l per
cU; Carrots, 75e«$l p*r tack: Cucumbers, 2r>^t
40c fcr box; Garlic, 2Q3c per lb: Gr» — Pep
pers, 2j@."55o per box or sack fcr Chile and
:t5f?M><- for Bell; Oreen Okra, 05«r7r>c per box;
Egg Plant, 6O'J60c>Der box.
POTATOES— New White. $1@1 50 per ctl
In sacks and $1 4O@l 75 in boxes, r.ith some
fancy higher: Early Rose, 75c<g$l; Garnet
Chiles. $1®1 16; Sweet Potatoes fror- the river,
2&2Vic per lb.
Supples of all kinds of vegetables were
ample and prices showed but slight variation.
Receipts of Tomatoes from the river were
plentiful, but as some of the boats arrived late
there was a scarcity of fresh aiook in the
early morning and a few lots of choice sold
above the quotations. Choice Green Corn was
In good demand, but poor stock, which was
plentiful, dragged at the inside quotations.
Cucumbers. Summer Squash, Egg Plant and
Oreen Peppers continued weak, with supplies
far in excess of the demand. String and Lima
Br-ans and Green Okra were in fair request
at hteady price?. ¦
Potatoes arrived freely and ruled firm at
the previously quoted rates, the demand for
shipping and local use being steady. Re
ceipts of Onions were more liberal than on
the preceding day, but supplies were none
too heavy and prices were maintained. Small
consignments of Sweets were received from
the river and met with prompt sale.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
Steady. Good to prime steers, $5@5 40; poor to
medium, $3 65©4 80; Btockers and feeders, $2 50
©4 25; cows. $1 60©4 50: heifers, $2@4 76;
canners. $1 50<g2 70; bulls, $2@4 20; calves,
(2 60@7; Texas fed steers, $3 25@>4 50; Western
steers. $3 25@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 10.000: Monday,
30,000; left over. 1000. Market closed strong,
15c higher. Mixed and butchers, $5 40®5 80:
good to choice, $5 35<g5 66: rough heavy. $5@
5 40; light, $5 35^5 85; bulk of sales, $5 20fl
5 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 40®3 80:
fair ,tf choice mixed. $2 50G?3 25: Western
cheep. $2 7503 80: nntlve lambs, $3 26@6;
Western lambs, 14 50©% 65.
/ ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Aug. 8.— CATTLE— IUcelpte,
100. Steady.
HOGS— Receipts, 2000. Mostly 10c higher.
Medium and heavy, $5 lfVj?5 35.
SHISEP— Receipts, none.
New York Dry Goods.
NEW TORK, Aug. 8. —The week in dry goods
ends with Jobbers Bangulne of the future, hav
ing experienced a very satisfactory week. In
certain quarters the belief in higher prices for
Fcnoris is growing, owing to the fitrengthenlng
of conditions caused by the curtailment of pro
duction at the mills. Business at first hands
continues restricted.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOtilg. Auk. S.— WOOL— Easy. Cloth
in*. W;iS21%c; lljrht fine. 1«<S1Sc; heavy nno,
ll@15c; tub washed, 20#29%c.
"New. York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 8— Trade In metals was
i/Mull ard entirely without feature. Tin held
'llrrn at $20 15ig2» M> for spot.
'"opper ruled dull, with lak« qnnted at SUS®
13 12'£: electrolytic, ?)3. ami casting at $12 75. '
I#ad was stee/ly on afalr demand at $4 2ft.
Ppeltrr was quiet and unchanged at $."• 7r««t
5 87%.
Iron rfmatned qulft and nominally, un
changed.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
N'ETV YORK, Aug. 8. — The cotton tnark't
opened steady, with prirfs l^f< points lower,
and closed easy, with the late months display- '
ing a declining tendency.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 5>. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 76^ 78c; Bluestem, 79-gglc; Valley, 7y@
SOe.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 8.— WHEAT— Steady. Blu«
stem, 82c; Club, 78c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 8.— Clearing*, $51>J5,Ofi.-.;
balance.?. $115,995.
TACOMA. Aug. 8.— Clearings, $204,631;
balances. $37,228.
PORTLAND. Aug. 8.— Clearing*, $t83,623;
balances, $67,750.
SPOKANE. Aug. 8.-^-Clearing», $328 298"
balances, $60,718.
** ' ¦ ' X
Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was eteady and firm. Creamery, 14®
18%c; dairy, 13@17c. Eggs, firm at mark,
cases included. 12®14i4c. Cheese, steady, 10%
@ll%c.
Another slight decline in wet salted Hides is
roted. Otherwise Hides show little change.
Dealers continue to quote lower prices for Tal
low. There is nothing new In Hops or Wool,
the former being steady, with 1902 and 1903
bringing the same prices, and the latter clean-
Ing up readily at firm quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10i4c; medium.-iOVic; light. 8@8Uc: Cow
Hides, 8@>*V4C for heavy and SQS%c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c;Salt
ed Calf. 10c; dry Hides, 16%c; dry Kip. 13c:dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25830c each;
short wool, 4o£50c each; medium, 70® 90c; lone
wool, $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium. $2 for
small and 50c for Colts: 'Horse Hides, dry.
(1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l@l 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32%c: dry salted Mexican, 26c: dry
Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras. 73c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4S4c per lb;
No. 2. 4'(f4'ic: grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 99
12c; Foothill, 10@12c; Middle County. ll®13c.
Quotations for spring clip are- as follows: Hum
bold t and Mendocino, 18@C0c; Nevada. 13-8 15c;
Valley Oregon, fine. 18g>19c; do, medium, 17®
18c: do, coarse, 16&17C per lb.
HOPS— 15@17%C to growers and 17%®20c
from dealers- to brewers.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,700 11,200
Wheat, bushels 102,800 ti5,800
Corn, bushels 1+3,300 100,600
Oats, bushels 307.300 149,700
Rye. bushels 7,400 1,100
Barley, bushels 19.000 . 6,400
Beans ara showing more fluctuation again.
Pinks are strong and higher, being wanted
for Texas. Large White are quoted lower
and small White rather higher.
BEANS— Bayos, $3©3 25; Pea. $3 25; But
ters, $3 26; small White, $2 65©:! 10; large
White, $2 66@2 00; Pink, $2 85@3 10; R«d,
$2 00@3; Lima, $3 2G@3 50; Red Kidneys, nom
inal; Biackeye, $2 05<g2 &0 per ctl; Horse
Beans. ?1 2G«j I 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax, $1 70©l 80; Canary.
Cig5',ic for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape,
1%«2%c; Timothy, 6£6%c;, Hemp, 3K©3%c
per lb; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $2CKtf
23 ler ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $2®2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet and steady: winter patents, (3 75@3 90;
straights. $3 50S3 70; spring patents. $4(g>4 40;
straights, $.1 00@3 »O; bakers', $2 6O&3 30: No.
2 spring wheat. 81@82c:,No. 3, 77Q81c; No. 2
red, 78%©79%c; No. 2 corn, 52c: No. 2 yellow,
63c; No. 2 oats, 35@37%c; No. 3 white, 34%@
34%c; No. 2 rye, 62c; fair to choice malting
barley, 54@55c; No. 1 flawieed, 94c; No. 1
Northwestern. 98c; prime timothy seed, $3 40;
mess pork per bbl. $13 20013 25; lard, per 100
lbs. $7 85@7 87%: short ribs sides (loose). $7 60
Svl 80; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $7 30®
7 62%; short clear sides (boxed). $8 12%@8 25;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 29.
This market was quiet and unchanged. Chi
cago was dull and outside speculators contin
ued to sell. The Chicago letter of Bolton. De
Ruyter & Co. said: "Market unchanged.
There is no increase in activity. There is
some apprehension on the part of outside pack
er* who have lard and ribs sold for September
delivery, because it is difficult to get storage
room and insurance. We see nothing to change
tendency of prices. It is a dragging market."
CURED MEATS— ±5acon, 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15 %c for extra light. 17 %c for sugar-cured and
18 %c for extra surar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%c; California Hams. 15%c:
Mess Beef, $11 50012 per bbl: extra Mess, $123
12 60; Family, $13 60; prime Mess Pork. $19:
extra clear, $25; Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12 %c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per It> for
compound and lOijJlO^ie for pure; half barrels,
pure, 10%®10%c; 10-lb tins, 10%@lle; 5-lb
tins, ll%c; 3-lb tins. HVic / ' "
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, »H<?; thre«
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; twe tierces.
9Uc; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
There were liberal arrivals of Feedstuffs
from the north, as will b« seen elsewhere,
but prices showed no change. Hay continued
easy, with large offerings.
liHAN — (24 5O@25 50 per ton. T
MIDDLINGS— 127®30 r>er ton.
SHORTS— *24@2S per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23024 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26^26 50;
jobbing. $27®27 50; Cocoanut Cake, none here;
Corn Meal, $33 50^34 50; Cracked Corn, J34@
35; Mixed Feed, $23® 24; Horse Beans, $30 per
ton.
HAT— Wheat, $11@13 50; Wheat and Oat,
flu@12: Oat, S'J@12 50; Barley. ?9@11; Clover,
*.s 50@ll; Stock, JfSQ'J; Alfalfa. $S 6O&10 50
r*r ton.
STRAW— 60@60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Local bank clearings gain $6,600,000 over last year, ¦/
Shipment of $77,239 in treasure to Hongkong.
Xezv York stocks still fozcer, with a poor bank statement.
Silver a fraction higher. Exchange as before.
Local securiius dull, vriih few fluctuations.
Cash Wheat reported easier, with buyers now holding off.
Barley easy and dull under large receipts.
Xo further cliange in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Liberal arrivals of Feedstuff s from the north.
Hay easy, with plenty on the market.
Bcaiis in improving demand, with more variation.
Butter sontezvluzt steadier. Cheese dull and plentiful.
Eggs in moderate supply and steady. ;"
Provisions siill dull, here and at Chicago.
Hides a fraction off and Tallow lower.
WjooI firm and cleaning up well. Hops steady.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
Grain Bags firmly Jield at an advance.
Buyers end sellers of Dried Fruit apart. _W
More sales of new crop of Almonds.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Poultry and Game cleaned up well.
Fresh Fruit in good demand, with liberal supplies.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, |3 50 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour. S7;
Cora Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4 25@4 CO; Buckwheat
Flour, f4 60@4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75 i Fa
rina, (4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, (3 75; Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7QS 60: In sacks, • |6 60@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7: Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S4 50@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, (3 00@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 9004 40 for Bakers'.
Flour and MiUstuffs.
Bar silver, steady, 25 7-16d per ounce. Money
2Q2% per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 2% per cent and
£vr three months' bills 2% per cent.
H f °J2 *' «*... 109% N T Cen gen 8% . 05
U S old 4s. coup.109% N J Cen ten 5s.. 126%
U S {is reg 101% Northern Pa 4s.. 99%
U S 6s coup ....ioi« Northern Pao 3s.. 70%
Atchlson gen 4s... 98% N & West con 4s.07«4
hl «» adjust 4s 88 Reading Gen 4s.. 94%
ft ,1 f 9£}? i'y 101^ 8 L & I M con5s.H0%
B & Ohio cony 48.100% S L S'westrn lsts 02%
Can South 2ds ..106 3 X. S'we«trn 2ds 68%
9-1 Ct , °f°rF la 5s. 102% S An & A Pass 4s 70
™ °1 *&}**¦ lno <* Southern Pa 4s... 64%
Sjf",* ?, hio 2# S - 1O2 H Southern Ry 5s ..111%
h '& Alton 8%s. 71U Texas & Pa lsts..U4
« A 8 P gen4s.lO8% Tol. 8 L & W 4s 70%
o \ r W^ c £ a 7s - • - 129 Un 'on Pacific 4s. . 99V4
.V ? I* f^e *s.. 99% Union Pa conv 4s 91%
rf*.?' * SL « el *4s 95 'Wabash lsts 114%
Chicago Ter 4s .. 71% Wabash 2d 103%
Colo & So 4s. 8« Wabash I>eb B .. 53
i?SI 1.* R . ° 4 " 98 We »t Shore 4s.... 107
Erie prior lien 4s 96 W A L Erie 4*.. 87
t? w I s ."" 81 w 's Contral 4s .. 88
u^L $% C Ut *-l<*U C6n Tob 54
sSSt rI?iL e J 4^ 8 - 1 2* Colorado Fuel .... 7$y t
P^n«lu* n 1 74%) Manhattan ......100
Pennsylvania »5 |pteel 79
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con io LUtle Chief ...... 06
jj{4«« 17 Ontario 6 60
Brunswick "Con ' ! ! 04 Phoenix 7.7.' '.!!.'! '. l 08
Cornstock Tunnel . 06 Potosl 20
Sj» C*'* Va 140Savage 20
t orn .. s , Ilv * r l 00 Sierra Nev 65
i ron . fe .» v^r l 65 Small Hopes 20
, Leadville Con 02 Standard 2 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— i Adventure 6%
Ca» Joans 3%®5AUouez 4%
Time loans 4^8 Amalgamated .... ST^
Bonds—' Daly West ....... 38
Atchlson 4s 97 Bingham 21»4
Mex Cen 4s 70 Calumet A Heda 420 '
Railroads — (Centennial 14
Atchiaon 65 Copper Range 40%
Atchison pfd .... 85S' Dominion Coal ... 81 ,
Boston & Albany. 245 Franklin 8'i
N Y, N H & H...195 Isle Royale 6U
Fitchburg pfd ...133 Mohawk 34
Union Pacific 37^4 Old Dominion .... 11
Mex Central 13% Osceola 60
Miscellaneous — IParrot 17%
American Sugar .110% Quincy 90
Amer Sugrar pfd.. 117 I Santa Fe Copper. 1
Amer Tel & Tel.. 129% Tamarack SO
Dom Iron & Steel 8 Trimountain 8>S
General Electric .100 Trinity 4T1
Mass Electric ... 20% United States ....117'
Mass Elec pfd ..'. 80 Utah .., '&1U
United Fruit 95 Victoria 2%
U S Steel 20% Wlnona 6%
U S Steel pfd .... S« Wolverine 63
Mining—
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.. 91 1-16 New Vork Cen.. 1^3
Con for account.91 3-16 Norfolk & West.. 62
Anaconda 3% Norfolk A W pfd. S8
Atchlson 68% Ontario & West .. 21%
Atchison pfd 89% Pennsylvania .... t"29i
Bait & Ohio 81% Rand Mines ys!
Canadian Pacific. 123% Reading 24*5
flies & Ohio 30-^Reading 1st pfd .. 41
Chicago Gt West. 16>-4 1 Reading 2d rfd.. 34
Chi, Mil & S Paul.141 (Southern Railway 1»%
De Beers 10% Bouthern Ry pfd. . 84%
Den & Rio Grande 21% Southern Pacific . 41 U
J) & R Grande pfd 77 Union Pacific 71%
Krie 25% Union Pacific pfd 88
Krie 1st pfd 66% U S Steel ....22
Eric 2d pfd 48 17 S Steel pfd 71
Illinois Central ..133 Wabash 20
Louisville & Nash.104% Wabash pfd 32%
Mo, Kan & Tex... 17% ' 2
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
During the latter part of the session there was
considerable buying on prospects of a bullish
Government crop report Monday and on the
strength of the outside markets, and with light
offerings September advanced to 80%c, but
eased off. later, closing at £0%c, a gain of %c
for the day.
Trading in corn was rather quiet, and the
market ruled steady throughout th€ day, local
bulls and some of the larger commission houses
being good buyers of the May dejlvery, and the
selling was moBtly by longs. After selling be
tween 62 %c and 52 He. September closed %c
hUrher at 52%c.
Oats ruled fairly strong, with moderate ad
vances in all months. The close was firm, with
September. ] /»©tfe higher at 34%@34%c.
Provisions experienced better support than
for some time past and a firm tone prevailed.
Small receipts of hogs and better prices at the
yards were early bull factors, and with the fair
demand from brokers, prices were well main
tained. September pork closed 5c higher, Sep
tember lard was up 10c and ribs were 5c
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
"Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— f
Sept. (old) SO 80% , 79%\. 80%
Sept. (new) 70% 80^ 79% 80%
Dec. (new) 80% 81 80# 809,
May 82% 83 S2% 82%
September*' B2U 52% 52> / i 62Vi
December 52 ji , 52% 52^5 52%
May.., 52% -52% 52?g 52%
Oats No. 2—
September 34V; 34?, 34«4 34%
December 35% 35% 33>4 35%
May ,... 37% 37% 37% 37%
Mess Pork,? per bbl —
September .....13 35 13 40 13 30 13 32%
Lard per 100 lbs —
September T 95 8 05 7 95 8 02%
October.. 7 72% 7 75 7 72% 7 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
September ..... 7 87% 7 02% 7 87% 7 02%
October 7 75 7 77% 7.75 7 75
demand only narrow. Weather west is cool,
and warm wet weather is needed. The Gov
ernment report is in doubt, but it can hardly
show a very high condition and may be quite
bullish. With the present crop outlook, even
though th« price is high, we don't see how
auy decline is likely to take place."
California large Yellow, SI 57>S®1 62%;
small round do, «1 70<31 75; White, $1 03@l 60;
Egyptian, $1 43@1 50 for White and $1 40®
1 45 for Brown. ¦'¦-¦¦'
RYE— $1 17*401 25 per ell.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25®2 50 per cU.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 6#C8c for Royals
and 9@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
6%@6^c; Peaches. 4% ©7c for fair to good
stock; Pears, nominal at 7c. . -** • ¦
OLD FRUIT — Evaporated Apples. 4O5^e;
sun-dried. 3®4c: Peaches. 4©5*^c: Pears, A@
4%cfor quarters and 606V4c for halves; Nec
tarines, 4@5c for white: Plums. 4556c for pitted
and lglKc lor unpitted; Figs. 3%~04o for black
and 4&5c f* white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%®2%c for the four
sizes, with i&@lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, fiO-lb boxes. BVie per
lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 6c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 50: 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxei. $2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 £0; ti-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes. $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons. 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS — "Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12%013c:
No. 2, 10H©ll%c; No. 1 hardshell, ll%@12c;
r»o. 2, io#io«4c; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils, 10%c for I X L, 1014c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%o for Languedoc; Peanuts, 0S7c
for Eastern; Pecans, 11013c; Cocoanu:*, $4 SO
©3.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12%@13%c far white
and lie for amber: new water white extracted,
6%@6c; light amber extracted, 6®3%c; dark.
4%@4%c
BEESWAX— 27829c per lb.
the State this year is said to be about 275 or
300 cars. ' *
Business has been very dull of late, and buy
ers do not seem inclined to speculate. Many >
of the regular traders are Interested in Wall !
street stocks, and the course of that market
for some time past 'has deterred them from
operating very - heavily here. Yesterday . was
no exception - to the prevailing rule, business
being light, with no fluctuations worthy of
note,-'- |
Sales on the California Exchange last week)
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
39
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
. ¦« The market for new crop FruiU Is quiet, as
buyers' and growers are apart In their views.
Honey shows some changes. . ,
:""- The Contra -Costa > Almond Growers' Asso
ciation has sold. its output for this year, about
363,000 lbs,'. at prices reported to be somewhat
under those realized for the Davlsvllle ; Al
monds. Holders of Almonds are offering, new
e-nnria at the Quotations below. ' The out -out of
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
It has been decided by the London
School Board to appoint six oculists, at a
total cost of $4353, for one year to ex-
amine the eyes of the scholars.
AUCTION SALES
3^6 jfea Jfe&
1000 HEAD of HORSES and MARXS, from
yearlings up to 8-year-olds, weighing from 900
to 1400 lbs., for sale In carload lots. If not sold
before Aug. 27 they will be sold at public auc-
tion In San Francisco. It will Justify Intending
purchasers to look this stock over before, pur-
chasing elsewhere, aa there are horse* la this
lot suitable for all purposes, all of solid color.
heavy boned and blocky and of good disposition.
This stock Is within pne hour's ride from Saa
Francisco and can be seen at any time. Tor
further particulars apply to Madigan, O'Neill
& Co.. 12243rore st.
8. WATKTNS. AncUoaew.
$a> fe Jfe>
Auction sale TUESDAY. Anx. 11. 11 a. m..
at 1140 Folsom. of wagons, surreys, camping
outfits, rubber tires and carts, and also 40
sets of single and double harness and 23 bead
of all purposed horses.
AEVESTISEMEMTS.
B Prior to goiag East to j3
|| float a Tonopah Mining li
h Proposition, I offer Califor- \
II nians a chance to become Ei
H identified with me on own- ||
! er's basis. The property is I
|j good and the price is reason- g
|J able. Call or write for in- ||
fj J. .S.C. THOMPSON, j
jj 822 Hayward Bldg. I
B Telephone Main 5803. \\THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
40
REAL ESTATE— CITT— FOK' 9AX^'
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.;~" ~" H
218-220 MONTGOMERY . ST.
$40,000— Turk st, near Leavenworth ¦ st. : 60x
¦ 137:6; grand site for the erection of
apartment-house, etc. ¦ " "•
444,000 — Jones at., near Golden: Gate ave. ; 55
ft. front; frame Improvements; Income
$160 per month; mortgage of $30,000 can
remain; this property la one block from
Market st. each way and is a great ,
bargain.
$5,000— Leavenworth ' st., near Vallejo et. ; 60
ft. front; flne site for marine view resi-
dence. ¦
$8,250 — Grove' st.. near Flllmore st; two-story
. residence, 10 rooms and bath; now rent-
Ing for $50 per month; In first-class
condition. ¦
$5,250— Moss et, near Folsom; 2 flats. 5-6
rooms; rent $40; Iot 24x80 ft.; good In-
vestment.
$4.B0O— Silver St.. near Third. St.; 2 flats, 5-o
rooms; modern plumbing; $1500 has Just
been spent in renovating;. rents $40.
$8,250— Ellis st, near Laguna; two-story bay-
window residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 25x120 ft. to rear street. . •
$2,600— Union st., near Hyde, st: 2-story
building, containing store and flat; rents
$25 per month. •.: .
$16,500-^(.'allfornia St., near Laguna; flne resl-
. dence of !» rooms and bath; large lot,
.•(4:4 4x132 feet: house will readily rent
for $100 per month. •
$18,000 — Franklin st. near Pacific ave.; three
elegant marine view flats of 8 room*
and bath each; total rents $162 60; lot
27:6x92:1014 feet.
$30,000— Market-st. corner, 3 frontages; grand
site for apartment-house or- flats; lot
131x100 and 163 feet; only a, few blocks
from the City Hall.
$11,000 — Clay st., near Buchanan; beautiful 12-
roomed residence: all modern improve-
ments; lot 25x100 ft.: a bargain.
$27,600 — Polk st., near Bush: 3-story and base-
ment brick building: rents $114 60; renU
• can be raised; lot 30 ft front.
$60,000— Turk st.. inside of Hyde; 100 ft. front-
age; 11,250 square feet; grand lot to
Improve.
$50,000 — Turk st., near Jones; present r«nt
$120: lot 60x87:6 ft.; should have new
building.
$28,000— Large Tenth-st. corner, close to Mar-
ket; lot 75x110 ft.; rents $167; will pay
6 per cent net.
$.15,000— Modern 2rstory and basement house,
north side Jackson st. ; marine view;
hardwood floors, natural wood finish, five
bedrooms, electric lighting; lot 30x.
127: 8 Vi feet.
$1,000— Ninth ave., near California at; flne
building lot, 25x120 feet.
$300 each— Fine buildlne lots. Army St..
near Castro, 25x115 feet each.
$16,500 — NW. cor. Clay and Spruce sts.; grand
. marine view residence, colonial style,
large square hall, living-room, reception-
room, dining-room, kitchen, servants'
room; all rooms finished in hard wood;
6 bedrooms on second floor; large room
In attic: basement contains laundry,
storeroom, wlneroom. furnace, etc.; lot
37:6x100 feet; permit to Inspect pro-
curable at offlce.
$22,500 — Corner of Seventh and Natoma sts.;
frame improvements, renting for $'Jt5
per month. '
Lake st.— Various lots from Thirteenth to
Twenty-third aves. at very low figures.
Full information at offlce.
$1,750 each— Broderlck st, near Post.; flne
- building lots, 26x125 ft. each; ready to
build on; only 3 lots left.
$8,100— Sutter st.. near Devisadero: substan-
tial residence; stable; large Iot; 59:3V4X
114 ft.;orwni sell 34:3x114 ft. for$C500.
$16,000— Bush st. Inside of Hyde; a large, sub-
stantial residence of 15 rooms and bath;
now renting for $05 monthly; lot 27:6x
137:0 ft.; mortgage of $8500 at 6 per
cent can remain; property must be sold
within UO days.
$20,000 — Broadway, near Gough st.; handsome
residence, 6 bedrooms, bath; beautiful
marine view; house In perfect order; lot
32:txl37:e ft.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents, ?
218-220 Montgomery st.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st, opp. Kearny.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$140.000— Half block from Market and Mason
sts.; modern 6-story brick and iron
building: store. 100 rooms and baths:
rent $800; leased with cash security;
lot 35x130.
CHOICE CORNER.
$100,000— Vicinity Kearny and Bush ets.; busi-
ness property; corner. 57:6x77:6; rents
$515 month; old improvements; last
strictly downtown retail piece for sale.
GUARANTEED INVESTMENT.
$70,000 — New building; one tenant; lot 35x
137 :ti ft; 10 years' cash secured lease;
positively pays 7*/j per cent net.
SUTTER ST.
$75,000 — 68:9x137:6; opposite Hotel Pleas-
anton; magnificent site for hotel, apart-
ment house or offlce building; Sutter-
et^ property close by has recently sold
at $1300 per front foot; make offer.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER^
$53,000 — Very best corner; 87:6 frontage; flne
building; stores and lodging-house; al-
ways rented.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000 — Annual rents $5172; beautiful, modern
building; lot 87x85; pays over 10 per
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,000 — 137:0x137:6; substantial improve-
ments; Insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at 6',r per cent can remain; pays
8 per cent net.
$18,500 — Vicinity Haight and Scott sts.; 6S:0x
137:6; fine Improvements; rents $140
per month.
GOLDEN GATE PARK FLATS.
$18,000 — Lot 50x137:0; flne substantial flats;
facing Golden Gate Park; rents $180;
can be Increased.
HAYES ST.. NEAR OCTAVIA.
$16,000— Stores and flats: rents $115; lot 27:Cx
120 ft.: 2 frontages.
$7,000 — Three good fiats In Mission; rent $65
month.
$6,500— Three flne flats; vicinity ISth and
Castro sts.; rents $5S month; Iotr25xl25.
$5,250 — Fifth and Clementina sts.; fine front
and rear improvements; leased 2 years
at $C0O a year.
$5,000 — Four good flats in Mission; always
rented at $48 month.
$2,G50 — New cottage In Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1,000 — Lot 110x111; corner cottage; 3 rooms;
in Mission.
SPECK & CO..
, 667 MARKET ST.
LYON & HOAG,
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
in all sections of the city.
BIG INTEREST.
$26,000 — A good buy on Golden Gate ave. ; 2
: * ;. ." blocks from Market st.; lot 50xC7; good
¦ * ~V 'improvements. --' . ¦ . •
CORNfcK NEAR THE WATER FRONT.
$18,000 — Drumm st. corner; 2-story building,
containing stores and flats; rent $51.
NINTH ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
$9,000 — Corner Ninth and Tehama sts.; 25x80;
fine business corner.
$15,500— Rents $142 50; 3 brand, new flats on
Sacramento st.. east of Devlsadcro; con-
tain 7, 8 and S rooms: uiudern and
splendidly finished; large lot.^
$6,700 — Business property on Devisadero st.
near Sutter; lot 25xS7:6, with improve-
ments: srood location. • 2768
$12,500^ — Big iot on Geary st., east of Leaven-
worth; contains over 5100 square feet;
substantial improvements on part of lot;
rents $170; could be Increased materially
if balance of land was Improved.
$30,000 — Rent $207 50; can be raised materially;
. McAllister st. not far from Van Ness
ave.; splendid Improvements; great big
lot. more than 60x130.
$1,350— Webster st., neor Union; lot 25x100; a
modern bay-wiriHow house of C rooms
/ 4 : and bath; also basement, containing
Iaundrr.
$12,000 — Rent $11S; 2 three-story buildings on
Vallejo st; good flats; all rented; lot
49x137:6.
$5,C50 — California et., near Baker; a 2-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x
127:0.
$8,500— Grove St.; lot 26x120, to rear street:
¦ improvements, 2 flats; also 2-story resi-
dence; rent $63.
$9,000 — Third St.; 3-story building containing
store and lodging-house above; in good
condition; rent $50; .could be increased.
$6,150— Leavenworth st. residence; contains 7
rooms, bath, stationary waahtubs, etc.;
• best marine view In the city; lot 27:6x
110. .
$4,500 — Fine new two-story house: 7 rooms and
bath, newly built, on Castro i>t., near
24th; good location; good bouse.
LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.'
LOT 50x125 FOR $100.
CHARMING Mill Valley is growing very fast;
new - housea are springing up on all sides,
land values are increasing rapidly;. Lyon &
Jloag have placed a new tract on. the market,
right at the station, .and are. selling lots at
from $8 to $12 per front foot on terms of 10
per. cent cash/balance $10 monthly; over 80
lots have been sold recently; streets are grad-
ed, water mains laid, electric lights, etc. ;
i grand old trees; don't delay, but get In on the
ground floor. Branch offlce, Mill Valley, open
Sunday. . Send for booklet. LTON & IIOAG
116 Montgomery st. • - . ',
OUR success in disposing of so "many homes Is
due to the fact. that we are buying the lots'
at the closest possible figures ; /we figure a
reasonable profit > on the ; lota and build the
• house at cost; no one else In the city will do
as .well for you. ;-. We should like to .show
you several houses we arenow building, : and
will build . for you according r to ? your own
taste; give us a chance to figure with you ;
we ¦ can certainly save you _ money. WE1SS-
BEIN BROS. & CO., 610 .Sacramento st.,
near Montgomery.' • ».- . --¦ -;.
FOR sale-^ A" new cottage of 6 rooms and bath*
¦ hlRh v basement: furnished for housekeeping;
all modern improvements. For information
apply al 312 Jersey st.,* near 24th.-
REAL ESTATE — CITY— -FOR * A .^ B .-.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 219 Montgomery st.
Real Estate. Opp. Mills Building.
FLATS.
$2,800— Rent $30; 2 flats; 4 rooms, bath each;
lot 27:6x137:6;. Greenwich, near Lar-
kin; a bargain: lot on grade; street
work done; marine view.
$3,600— Rents $38; 2 flats, on 21st St.; 5 rooms,
bath each; In Al condition; large base-
ment; brick foundation; street bitumin-
ized; cheap.
$4,100— Hents "J4« per month: 4 -flats; 3-3-4-4
rooms, bath: lot 25x80; Langton st..
near Howard. . t
$5,000— Rents $540 per year; 2 excellent flats;
5-5 rooms, bath; lot 25x114; 22d, near
Valencia.
$5,500— -$2600 cash, balance at 6 per cent: 2
beautiful new fiats; 6 rooms, bath; rent
$550 per year; First ave., near Clement.
$9,600— Rents $1*50 per year; 2 elegant new
flats; S-9 rooms, bath, ' basement; key
lot; every room light and sunny; ma-
rine view; lot 25x137:6; Walnut St.,
near Clay.
$9,600 — Webster St.. near Haight: 3 modern
flats. . t>-7-7 rooms, bath; rents $900 per
year.
$9,600 — 3 new flats; 6 rooms, bath each; lot
25x100; Flllmore st. ; cars pass the prop-
erty. JfSsC? i
$10,500— Rents $1080 per year; Gough St., cor-
. ner; 30x75; 3 tenements; choice loca-
tion.
$16,600 — Fell st.. near Central ave.; 3 ele-
gant flats: 7-7-8 rooms, bath; rents
$1660 per year; Iot 25xlot :6.
RESIDENCES.
$7,260— Buchanan St., near Jackson; cottage
7 rooms, bath, basement; choice loca-
tion; marine view; cheap.
$3,800— $1000 cash, balance at ti per cent: new
2-story residence; 7 rooms, bath, base-
ment; 3d ave., near Lake.
$5,600 — Howard St.. near 24th; beautiful resi-
dence; 7 rooms, bath; lot 35x115; a bar-
gain.
$9,250— Elegant corner residence; 11 rooms,
bath, finished basement; Pacific Heights,
ewell location; grand vlaw; cheap at
$12,000.
INVESTMENTS.
$18,000 — Rents $1920 per year; a flne paying
business corner on Paxe st., near the
Park; stores and flats: $9000 mortgage
can remain at 6 per cent; will pay 13
per cent net on balance of purchase
price.
$12,500— Worth $50,000; Turk st., close to Mar-
ket; lot 25x137:6: new 3-story building:
finished basement; 38 rooms; a genuine
snap.
$11.5C0— Mission street business lot. 60x122:6:
Mission St., near 21st; all traded for
building; a genuine snap: adjoining lot
vacant; same size sold for $15,000. ,
$45,000 — Turk street Investment: south side of
Turk at.; 137 :tf West of Jones; 45x
137:6.
$67.000 — Water front Investment: 70 feet on
East st.. by 137:6 through to Drumm
St.. facinc water front and adjoining
Santa Fe depot; spur track on this
property; a bargain.
DOWN-TOWN INVESTMENT.
$110,000 — Mason street corner; partly Improved;
137:6x137:6: can be Improved to pay 10
per cent net; positively must be sold.
Investments, residences and lots In all parts
of the city; easy terms; call for lists.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery St.
Opposite Mills Building. ¦¦¦
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
643 MARKET ST.
$30,000— Modern building. 1 year old. con-
taining store, lodging house, etc. ;
rents $3000; lot 60-foot front on Fol-
som St., near 4th, to rear street.
$11500— Beautiful home, 12 rooms, bath, base-
-/.--. ment. billiard room, reception hall,
etc.: large garden, beautiful flowers,
plants and palms; large lot .'{8:0x137:6;
north side of Pine st.. near Laguna;
property cost over $20,000: owner I
forced to sell on account of heavy In- ,
cumbrances; a heavy mortgage can re- \
main.
$11,000— Three elegant new modern flats, well
built; handsomely finished; Iot 25x100;
rents $1170; Page St., near Golden Gate
Park.
$10,000— Corner on Bryant st., near 6th; 3-
story and basement building, contain-
ing 8 rooms: rents low for $1272; lot
30:6x75. #
$10,000— Elegant downtown residence. 10
rooms and bath, tn the best of condi-
tion; Clay st., near Jones; lot 27x114.
$9,250— Store and 3 flats on Bryant st cor-
ner, near 6th: rents $1044; lot 30x180.
$8,500— Make offer; store and 2 flats; mod-
ern; well built; brick foundation; rents
$936; on Bryant St., near 6th; lot
25x80.
$6,710 — t residences, 9-0-6-6 rooms, baths,
high basements, etc.. on Chestnut St.,
near Stockton; lot 40x122:6 to rear St.;
rented very low for $696.
$5,700 — 16th St., near Howard: 2 cottages,
rents $360; this Is business property
and the lot, 28x110. is alone worth the
asking price.
$4,000— 3 flats. 4-5-5 rooms, baths: In good
condition; rents $420. could be easily
increased: on John st., near Powell and
Jackson sts.
$4,000 — Northeast corner facing Golden Gate
Park, east of Stanyan st: lot 50x106:3;
the biggest bargain in this beautiful
district.
13,100—2 good flats. 4 and S rooms, bath:
24th st, near Sanchez; rents $300; lot
25x114. .
. $3,000— Rents $396; 5 new flats in the very
best of condition; near Montgomery
and Vallejo: always rented; an excep-
*.--¦ tlona] barrain.
' $2 500 — 3-Htory residence, nearly new; would
make flne flats; on Richland, ave.. near
Mission St.: lot 26:8x100.
$2,300 — 2-story residence, 0 rooms; Chestnut
st., nenr Mason.
$1,000 — 2 houses, near Mason and Lombard
sts. : ' always rented : pays $300 per
annum.
$550 — A snap for builders; Roanoke st..
near electric cars; level and ready for <
building; 50x113. •-
CM. WOOSTER CO.
McAFEEBROT io8 Montgomery street.
MARKET ST.
63 feet on Market St.. with 2 frontages; old
buildings; rent $152; a fine prospective Invest-
ment.
CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR LAGUNA.
Lot 27:6x137:6: residence of 7 bedrooms, par-
lor, reception and dining rooms; all large; a
very attractive home; price $12,000.
FINE NEW FLATS.
Near the park; 4 and 5 rooms; sunny; rent
$38; price $4500.
FINE INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
Corner lot on Larkin st. : new. modern build-
Ing: leased for 5 years at $5yO monthly; tenant ,
pays all repairs, water, gas, etc. ; price $62,500.
FOR FLATS.
Lots on McAllister St., near Scott; 27:Cx
137:6; only $3250.
SUTRO HEIGHTS.
Beautifully situated, overlooking Golden Gate
Park and -the ocean: car line passes: water and
gas in street: lots from $350 to $550; they are
very cheap.
LARKIN-ST. CORNER
• Fine building corner. 35 feet frontage: sure
to Increase In value: rents now for $122 month-
ly; a flne Investment: price $20,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT. !
Fine comer; size 55x80; rent $126 per month; I
price. $20,000.
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION. ' ". -'•';
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6;
price $2750.
GUERRERO STREET.
Near Sixteenth: 1 rooms and bath; In splen-
did condition; extra large lot, 30x140 feet with
L; owner anxious to sell; only $5000. .
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Fine lot. 32:6 feet in front. 45 feet In back;
street bituminized;- only $2250.
Send for list of cheap lots in all parts of the
City. McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2. Seventh Floor. Mills Building
$37,500 — Choice corner on Battery et. ; 71x137:6-
old Improvements: near water front
$32.500^ — Drumm St.. near Clay; lot 32:7x75;
substantial brick Improvements; first-
class tenant.
$22,500— Broderlck st.. near Union; three bulld-
\ Ings, two flat* each: each flat detached
on lot 34:6 front; well rented; new and
up to date.
$16,000 — Presidio Heights: choice corner -on
Clay st; lot 30x100; 2-Story residence
finished attic and basement. H rooms'
2 baths, furnace, laundry, etc.
$15.000— North side of Clay st., near Maple-
lot o0xl20; modern colonial residence'
finished basement. 9 rooms and furnace'
815,000— Octavia st.. . near Geary; 27:6x110- al
/ story building of 14 rooms.
$6.000— Willard st.. College Heights; modern
residence of i rooms, bath, etc • lot 37 i'
•fiont; etable. carriage-house, chicken
yard; a very desirable home.
College Heights. Parnassus. ave. and Willard
st.— Beautiful residence lots; also *» new
residences. . , " cw
Ross Valley Park. San Anselmo— Beautiful
lots. $310 up: also 2 brand new cottacM.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.. cott *«e«-
Mills Building.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market Bt..'.
$3000—2 flats. 0 rooms, basement: rear house
4 rooms: basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil
bert sts. -
$S5OO— Good Income property: nice locality-
3 -bay-window flats: basement; sun all day :
pays over 11 per cent. "
. Nice level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
aves.; easy Installment or cash; south of Dark-
marine view. *^ '
$200— Choice level lots, ready to build on*
Excelsior Homestead; Mission; Installment. '
A BARGAIN— $4250; corner lot, 2-story house*
t lot 25x114; 184 Clipper st. See Jwner on
prcmlres.
REAL . , ESTATE—CITY— FOB SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., " ¦ !
638 MARKET ST. (
AUCTION.
• • . ; . auction. 4
TUESDAY .....: .^? T . I . ON /. . .August 11. 1903
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
At 12 o'clock noon.
FIFTH ' ST. INVESTMENT.
Northeast line. No. 353 to 361 Fifth St., bet.
Folsom and': Harrison stB., through to Hulbert
place; 3 stores and rooming house of 15 rooms
above on Kth st. and 2-story building of 12
rooms on Hulbert place; rents $125 a month;
this property must be sold owing to a large
mortgage; lot 40x80 feet.
BUCHANAN-ST. RESIDENCE.
West line. No. 1625 Buchanan st., 00 ft. soutn
of Post Bt. ; handsome 2-story bay-window
house, i rooms and bath; also large basement.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. •
South line. Nos. 3023-3025 Clay st.. 110 ft.
east of Baker St.; 2 modern up-to-date flats, 5
and 6 rooms and bath; rent $660 a year; mort-
gage $2100 can remain.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
¦• -¦] FORCED SALE.
North line of 24th st., 160 ft. east of Dia-
mond; 3 line lots, level and ready for building: ,
street bituminized; ears pass the door; lots 26 :8 '
xll4 feet each '
. ' SOUTH ' OF MARKET FLATS.
South line of Welch st.. Nos. 141. 141A. 143, ,
143A, 175 feet west of Fourth St.; 4 flats. In
fine condition, containing 4 rooms each; rent
for $36 a month: lot 25x80 feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT. ,
North lino of Clay st., 100 ft. east of Central '
ave.; flne lot for residence or flats; sold subject
to probate court; lot 25:5^x70 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. .
North side, Nos. 1388-1300-1392 O'Farrell st., '
25 ft east of Laguna St.; 3 elegant modern
flats. 8-8-0 rooms and bath; rents $135 a month;
lot 32x70 ft.; mortgage of $S0OO can remain. '
OAK-ST. LOT.
North line- of Oak st.. 127:6 feet west of
Ftllmore; lot 25x137:6 feet; splendid building \
lot; cars pass the door and street work done;
lot 25x137:6 feet.
NORTH END INVESTMENT. 1
South side of Bay st.. 113 feet east of Stock-
ton: frame building; renting for $29 a month;
lot 22:11x68:9 feet. ' *
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
East line. Nos. 5 and 7. Alice St., off Folsom,
between 3d and. 4th; 3 houses; rent $49 u J
month; lot 40x57:6 fe«t.
MISSION WARM BELT.
East line of Walter St.. 218 feet north of
14th St.; choice building lot in the heart of
Mission ¦ warm belt: 25x126 feet.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
Northeast corner of Jersey and Vicksburs
sts.; substantial cottage of 7 rooms *»nd bath;
also fine stable In rear; lot 50x114 feet. j
For further particulars apply at cur office,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
• . 638 MARKET ST.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
Established 1875.
TO PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS.
We have selected the following list of prop- j
ertles with much care and take pleasure In
stating that each Individual piece In its par-
ticular class will bear Inspection: ]
$100.000— Choicest corner on I>arkin «t.; 137:6
ft. frontage; stores and lodging-house;
this is a safe Investment.
$C6,50O — (ith-st. business corner: most desir-
able corner on tith st.; 35-foot frontage;
present rents $3O0O per annum.
$50,000— Business corner in the choicest block
of l"olk St.; extremely large lot of 100.x
100 ft.: Polk st. Is the Kearny st. sf •
the Western Addition; by improving
this property same could be made to
piy handsomely.
$45,000— Turk St., close to Market: 46x137:6
feet; mortgage of $30,000 can remain;
this aronerty will be worth double In- j
side of five years.
$20,000 — Hyde at., near Geary: handsome lot,
40-foot frontage; improvements consist
of ¦.' handsome houses; rent for $1200 a
year; Hyde-st. property needs no recom-
mendation. . j
$25,000— Haijrht-st. flats; 2 minutes' walk
from Market St.; large lot through to
rear street: total rents $1986 per an-
num; fiats almost ne,w.
$22,500— Bush St.. near Market; lot 30x115 ft.; $
improvements consist of an elegant j
house of J.3 rooms and bath, renting
for $960 per annum.
$20,000 — Hyde 6t., near Ellis; 3 handsome
flats, only 3 years old; rentB $117 SO
per month; could be greatly Increased. .
$17,500— McAlllster-st. business property, close
to" Market st. ; large lot, 35-foot
frontage; excellent 3-story frame build-
ing, containing 2 stores and 2 flats above
of 8 rooms and bath each; present rents
$141(5 per annum; could be Increased j
30 per cent.
$17,000— Sacrifice: Jcnes St., near O'Farrell:
Improvements consist of frame build-
ing paying a very fair rate of Inter-
est at present; large lot, 25-foot front-
age: property In this vicinity sells for
$1000 a front foot.
$16,500 — 3d-st. business corner: 40-foot fror.t-
a?e; l improvements consist of 2- stores
and 2 flats above.
$16,000— Valencta-st. business property; ex-
tremely largo lot, 60- foot frontage; im-
provements 3 stores, all rented; Va-
lencia st. Is virtually a continuation of
Market st.
$5,750— Pine st.. near Pierce: eleEant resi-
dence. 8 rooms and bath; lot 35x137:6
feet; this is an excellent opportunity
to secure a bargain.
$5,000 — Lyon st.; best portion of the West-
ern Addition; 2 elegant flats of 5 rooms
and bath each; rents $45 per month.
$3,500— L'lst St., near Folsom: Improvements
• consist of 2 fine flats of 5 rooms and
bath each; patent closets: also frame
house in rear; street bituminized; brick
foundation.
For further particulars apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C38 Market st.
F. B. SURRHYNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
13S Montgomery st.
$9760 — Jones St.: 2-story bay-window house,
10 rooms and bath; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms;
total rental $70 per month; could be in-
creased to $85; lot nearly 50 ft. front; this is
a bargain.
$5500 — Pine Et., near Gough; lot 25x120; old
house.
$4500— Vallejo st., near Hyde: 2-story house, 8
rooms and bath: lot 25x112:6. f.
$14.50<^— Broderick St., Pacific Heights: 3 mod-
ern flats, 7 rooms and bath each; total rental
$120- sunny, key Iot.
$5900— Fell St., near Octavia: cottage of 5
rooms and stable; lot 27:0xi2O to rear street.
$8500 — Bargain; Haight St.: 3 flats, 5, 5 and G
rooms and bath each; -rents $»5; lot 23x120
to rear street.
$6750— Near Haight and Scott; 2 flats, 5 and 6 •
rooms; rents $52 50. . ]
$7000— Laguna Bt... Pacific Heights; 2 flats. 6
and 7 rooms and bath; rents $55; lot 25x100.
$415o — Laguna-Ft. corner: 2 flats, 4 rooms
each: rf-nts $.10; bargain. |
$10,000 — Pine St., near Laguna; 3 • flats. 6
rooms and bath each; rented low at $75 per
month: lot 25x137:6. <
$0500 — Webster St., near Ellis; 2 nice flats, 5
rooms and bath each; rents $52 50.
$5850 — Guerrero St., near 19th: handsomo cot-
tage, ti rooms and bath; lot 25x90; easy <
terms. *"
$12.000 — Beautifully situated residence near the
Park: IS rooms. 2 baths; Iot 37:6x114.
$6500 — Near the. Park; modern; 8 V rooms and
bath. . ,
$5500 — Near Haight and Pierce; 6. rooms and '
bath: new.
$8750 — Presidio Heights, close to Clay st. :
sunny; 10 rooms and bath; lot 35x100.
$12.500— Noe St.. near Market; 6 flne flats. 5
rooms and bath each; total rental $114;
large lot. ,
$5000— Snotwell st.. near 24th; double, house, fl '
rooms and bath each, and stable; lot 32:6x
115 to an alley.
$3900 — Near Valencia and 20th: 2 flats, 6 and
4 rooms; rents ?37 per month. '
Get one of my catalogues Riving partlcu- «
lars of property for sale In all parts of the
city.
MADISON A BURKE
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
.".0 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
$16,000 — Broadway house with beautiful ma-
rine view; a 14-room corner house; must
sell. , ; y ¦;.--.
Fillmore st.. of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore; the
largest and finest corner on the maHcet
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st. 50-vara lot. corner of Lyon; an ele-
gant sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood in city; only $30,000.
$8,000 — To close an estate; Dolores st., near
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents . $60: large
lot: must sell Immediately; call for par-
ticulars. • V f
$6, COO— Folsom at., near First; 25x76; this
location Is advancing rapidly.
$9,000 — Hayes-st. Investment, near Buchanan;
2 buildings: rents $68 60 per month; 27:6
xl20 to rear street. : <
$4,200— Steiner st., near O'Farrell; 25x100:9.
$2,500— Lots on Larkin, near Broadway; $100
per. foot. ...
Choice residence lots on Sutter. . Post - and
Steiner Bts. in sizes to suit.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker st.. In sizes to suit.
Prlcns , from $2000 upward.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery st.: opp. Lick House. .
ONLY one modern 6-rccm and bath cottage
left; 625 Alvarado st.,Wear Douglass; go out
and seb It to-day; key !at grocery, corner 23d
and Douglass, then <come to our offlce and
buy it on your own terms: we will also build .
• on unimproved lots according to plan and on
term* name, as rent. . ¦ ; :
. JACOB HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter street. • '
TWO flats. .: 1417 ¦¦ and 1419 Pacific st. ; price •
$3500: $.">00 down, t balance ' $30 per month. '
CONTINENTAL '- BUILDING AND LOAN
ASSOCIATION. 301 California st,, San Fran-
cisco. CaL ¦ (
REAL EbTATE— CITY—FOR BALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST STREET.
$22.800— Elegant modern residence on a north-
east corner on Broadway; unsurpassed
marine view. *
$5,250 — Pine, near Scott; residence of 8 rooms,
bath and basement; very sunny.
$2,500 — Filbert 6t, near Buchanan, one block
from Unlon-et. cars; lot 27:6x120; cot-
tage of 6 rooms.
$25.000— Rente $1800; Devlsadero-st. business
property; ettra large frontage of 60 feet;
new 3-story building, Etore and flats; a
eplendid site.
$40,000 — Rents $2;f5; Powell-st. corner: store
and house above of 2S rooms and 6 mod-
ern fiats.
$47,000 — Polk-st. business Investment; stores
and flats above; lot 80x80.
$8,800— Eddy-st. corner; lot 28x100; 2 stores
and 2 flats. 'V-V
$9,000— Rents $S0 per month; Union et., near
Octavia: store and flat above and rear
dwelling.
$6,500 — Pine-st. corner; Iot : 25x80; old fram»
improvements of no value; splendid site
for ne'w building.
$18,000 — Rents $124 50; Post St., near Laguna;
lot 62:6x125 to rear street; 3 dwellings.
$7,500— Grove st.. northwest corner; lot 31:6x
60; 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath
each.
$13,000— Rents J137 50 per month; Carl Bt.
near Golden Gate Park; new building of
6 fiat*.
$4,100— Price reduced from $4500; McAllister
st., near First ave; new building of 2
fiats; rents $30.
$9,000— Rents $73 per month: a positive bar-
gain; Lyon et., near McAllister; lot 25x
106:; new building of 3 eeparate flats.
$20,000— Bush St.. near Powell; lot 30x112:5.
splendid site for small hotel.
$7,600 — Rents $64; Broadway, near Stockton;
lot 32x65; 2 stores and flat above.
$21,000— Price reduced from $25,000; Taylor st..
corner, near Geary; excellent building
location.
$6,500— Pine st., near Kearny; 2-story brick
building.
$14,600— Montgomery ave.. near Washington
St.; 2-story brick building; store, base-
ment and 5 rooms above.
$13,500 — Elegant downtown residence on Leav-
enworth «t.. commanding an unsurpassed
marine view, which cannot be obstruct-
ed; first floor contains double parlors,
dining-room, pantry and kitchen; second
floor, 4 bedrooms, bathroom, large clos-
ets., etc.; basement contains laundry,
servant's room, wine cellar, etc. ; house
is very attractive; sun in all rooms.
$18,500 — Thlrd-et. business corner, on prominent
thoroughfare; a new building, suitable
for manufacturing or apartments, would
yield a handsome income; outside of fire
limits; present buildings, store, etc.,
pay $9G0 per annum; Third st. is much
In demand: $2750 per front foot was paid
last week for an inside property on this
street within a few minutes' walk of
this corner.
$3,500— South-of-Market investment; lot with
double frontage; 2 flats on each street;
rents $42 per month and can be In-
creased; near Third st. and railroad de-
pot; always rented.
$3,750— Building lot, close to Market st., suit-
able for a builder for flats or residence;
double frontage, 48x90; bituminized
street; cement sidewalk; Fifteenth and
Castro ets.
$500 CASH for a $5000 residence In the warm
belt of the Mission; balance payable in
easy monthly Installments; residence re-
cently built; all modern Improvements.
BALDWIN & HOWELL^
___________^ 25 Post st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE SITES....
IN LOTS TO SUIT PURCHASERS
• On reasonable prices and terms
Fronting Vallejo. Green, Broderlck and Baker
Ets. Street work done, property ready for the
builder
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
CHEAPEST AND CHOICEST HOME BUILD-
ING LOTS
on official grades in Sunset District
fronting 17th, 18th, 10th. 20th and 21st aves.
between H and I streets
....in blocks fronting Golden Gate Park....
Electric Cars pass these properties
Sold on your own terms and monthly install-
merits
See these Building Sites and judge for your-
self
... BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st ...
Branch Offlce, corner H st. and Seventh ave.
.... open every day. Including Sundays ....
THE CENTER OF THE WORLD. .
"Where fs the center of the world?"
This is the question Jupiter was asked aa
he sat in his golden hall. Of course the mighty
ruler of the earth and Bky was too wise to be
puzzled by so simple a question, but he was
too busy to answer It at once. So he said:
"Come again In one year from to-day and I
will show you the very place."
Then Jupiter took two swift eagles which
could fly faster than the storm wind and
trained them till the speed of the one was the
same as that of the other.
- At the end of the year he said to his ser-
vants :
"Take this eagle to the eastern rim of the
earth, where the sun rises out of the sea, and
carry his fellow to the far west, where the
ocean Is lost in darkness and nothing lies be-
yond. Then when I give you the sign loosen
both at the same moment."
The servants did as they were bidden and
carried the eagles to the outermost edges of the
world.
Then Jupiter clapped his hands. The light-
ning flashed, the thunder rolled and the two
birds were set free.
One oJlthem flew straight back toward the
West arjfl the other flew straight back toward
the East; and no arrow ever sped faster from
the bow than did these two birds from the
hands of those who bad held them.
On and on they went like shooting stars,
rushing to meet each other, and Jupiter and
al! his mighty company sat amid the clouds
and watched their tlicht.
Nearer and nearer they came, but they
swerved not to the right nor to the left.
Nearer and nearer, and then with a crash
like the meeting of two ships at sea the eagles
came together in mid air and fell dead to the
ground.
"Who asked where is the center of the
world?"- Bald Jupiter. "The spot where the
eagles lie, that is the center of the world."
They had fallen upon the slope of a beautiful
hill, which Is now called
PARNASSUS HEIGHT8.
"If that is the center of the world," said
young Apollo, "then I will make my home
there, and I will build a house ia that place
so that my light may be seen In all lands."
Visitors to Parnassus Heights are
Invited to inspect the home of Apollo,
corner of H street and Seventh ave-
nue, which Baldwin & Howell have
desecrated by converting it into a real
estate offlce.
Also see
BALDWIN & HOWELU
25 Post street.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery St.
MARKET-ST. INVESTMENT.
$83,000 — Lot 25x160 to Stevenson St.; well in;
can get 50 feet If desired.
HAS GREAT FUTURE.
Cheapest Buy on Third St.
5135 000 — Corner, few feet from Mission St.;
over 3000 6quare feet and 185 feet
frontage.
VAN NESS\AVE. CORNER.
Rent $480 a month; large lot; only partly im-
proved.
GOOD BUSINESS CORNER.
$20,000— Rent $174 a month; Golden Gate
ave.; not far from Van Ness; 2 stores
and four flats; all rented; low rents.
GROCERY CORNER.
$13 r 500 Store and 2 flats; AVestern Addition;
pays over 7 per cent net; very low
rents.
GOOD INCOME & FINE FUTURE VALUE.
$4,300 — Rents $32; Tehama st., near Fourth;
backs up to 50-foot lot on Howard.
$13,600— Rent $77 60; Fillmore st., near Cali-
fornia; new building, store and flat.
$16,000— Sutter st.; 4 elegant flats; near Web-
ster; large lot, 50x137:6; present rent
$95; can be raised tn $125; offer want-
ed; must be sold,; a bargain.
PAYS 11 PER CENT INTEREST.
«30 000 — Downtown property; pays 11 per cent
net; by paying $18,0lK) cash; new build-
ing on Post 8t. ; 5 minutes' walk from
Kearny. '
SNAP— SPLENDID BUY. ,
eg 000 — Key lot to Thlrd-st. front I and ad-
joining $125,000; short lot corner:
chance to double your money; pays
good Interest; close to Mission.
I BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery st. .
*1 400— $400 CASH, balance easy terms; new 4(
r. and b, cottage north of Market st.,'-
near Seventeenth. •
$2 100— $300 cash, balance easy; 2-story, 5-
room and bath; on car line; new and
modern.
$2 750—4300 cash: elegant new 5 r. and b. cot.
tage with basement; marine view; Hill
! street. . . •
$5,500 — Two new modern flats: Sacramento st.
and First ave.; rent $45; splendid Invest-
ment.
$35, OHO— Income property on Geary St., east of
Van Ness ave. ; 10 per cent. ¦ <- .• ¦
$3 i g00 — Elegant new 7-room house on Third
ave.. near Sacramento 6t.; easy terms.
• WELLS & SAUNDERS, 630 Market. st.
1XSO0 — SUNNY house, 6 rooms and bath, san-
, ltary . plumbing; lot 25x70. 136 Lower Ter-
race, near Seventeenth and Ashbury sts. " .
FOR sale— House S rms.; high basement; sunny
side 19th. bet. Valencia & Mission; no-reas.
i offer refused. Stephens & Co., Union-uq. Mkt.
REAL ESTATE— CITT — FOR iAtB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Real Estate Agents,
20 Montgomery st.
$70,000— Fine Inside Investment corner, not far
from Union Square; four-story building
and basement in stores and lodging-
house; three frontages; rents low at
$310 per month. (*£»*&!
$43,000— Fine Investment, close In town; double
frontage; substantial four-story and
basement building of 66 rooms and bath;
occupied as a lodging-house: motlern
plumbing; leased for 6 years at $300 per
month; tenant pays the water; in first-
class condition; pays 7 per cent net.
$40,000— Business property on Sixth St.. In
stores and flats; rents $2652 per annum;
over 75 feet frontage.
$20,000 — Fine Investment: store property; close
to Montgomery and California sts. ; rents
$140 per month.
$18,000— Fine business property, near Third
and Folsom sts.; substantial Improve-
ments in store and flats: rentk $118 50
per month; steadily rented; sood Im-
proving location.
$16,500^ — Fine corner Investment near Haight
st.: five flats of 6-5-4 rooms and bath
each; renting for $112 50; lot 37:6x87:0.
516,000 — Eddy et, through to rear street, and
close to Van Ness ave.; three-story resi-
dence of 12 rooms and bath; can readily
be converted Into flats If desired; 6unny
side of the street.
$15,500 — Fine corner on Howard st.; substantial
improvements In store and flats; rents
$103 per month; lot 35x132:6.
$15,000 — Fine corner, near Market st. : Improve-
ments nearly new, in store, flat and cot-
tage; rents $117 per month; large lot.
$12,500— Fine business property on Hayes St.,
running through to rear street; Improve-
ments consist of store and upper flat and
two flats on rear street; rents low for
$S2 CO per month.
$12,500 — Fine flats on sunny side of the street
In the Western Addition; three flats,
containing 7-6-6 rooms and bath each;
renting for $105 per month; lot 27:6x
137:6.
$10.500— Fine Western Addition residence of
17 rooms and two baths; renting for
$85 per month; large lot. 36:0x137:6.
$9,000 — Three nice flats, near Haight st., con-
taining 7-6-6 rooms and bath: renting
low for $77 50 per month; lot 35x100.
$5,650 — 210-21 Fourteenth St., near Howard:
four flats of 4 rooms each; rents $41
per month; SlxSO.
$7,500— Nice corner residence In the Western
Addition, containing S rooms and bath;
run all day; lot 26x100.
$5,200 — Corner near Fifth and Harrison sts.:
well improved; rents for $37 60 per
month.
$4.600 — Cottage on Folsom 6t., containing 5
rooms and bath; sun all the day.
$4,500 — Neat cottage, not far from Golden
Gate Park, containing 6 rooms and
bath; 27:0x110.
$3,500 — Rents $3S per month; four flats, south
of Market st.. of 4 rooms each, near
Third and Brannan.
$2,500 — House and lot. near Fifth and Har-
rison sts.
$200 per front foot; Vallejo st. ; choice marine
view lots. Any size; only a few left.
A rare opportunity.
$1SO per front foot; Jackson st, north line,
• near Baker; elegant residence lots; size
to suit.
Fcr full iiartlculars of the above and for
The Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city. In-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
- - 20 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of residence, inx-estment and unimproved prop-
erties will be held at our salesroom, Monday.
August 10. 1903. at 12 o'clock noon.
ELLEN GALLAGHER ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
405 Gouch and 317 Ivy ave.. SW. cor.; Im-
provements consist of two houses of 7 and 10
rooms and bath each, cottage of 4 rooms.
Steadily rented for $900 per annum. Subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court; lot 30x75.
A. MALONEY ESTATE.
4TS-30-32 Eddy st.. north line, near Leaven-
worth; modern building, consisting of 3 flats
of 5-6-7 rooms and bath each, and also two
rear flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each. In per-
fect order and steadily rented for $2310 per
annum; lot 26x137:6. Subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court
FOLSOM ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Folsom St.. south line, bet Fourth and Fifth.
A larte choice holding will be offered In sub-
divisions. Lots level and ready for building;
street work all done and accepted by the city.
A splendid opportunity for investors.
WESTERN ADDITION DWELLING.
58 Elliott Park, off Steiner St.. bet. O'Far-
rell and Geary; a good, substantial dwelling
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 22x70.
MISSION DWELLING.
4037 18th St., near Castro: two-story dwelling
containing 8 rooms and bath: lot 25x99:8.
THOMAS R. LECOUNT ESTATE.
ADMINISTRATOR SALE.
California and Locust sts., NE. cor.; un-
improved lot 37:6x107:7%. Subject to con-
firmation by the Superior Court.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Gough Bt.. east line. bet. Vallejo and Green;
unimproved lot, 27x100.
CATHERINE HILL ESTATE.
34 Bluxome St., north line, near Fourth; a
substantial three-story building, consisting of
etore, 5 rooms and two flats of 5-7 rooms
each: rents $636 per «.nnum; lot 25x120. Sub-
ject to confirmation t v t.::» Superior Court.
J. B. PAINiSR tSTATE.
The five following parct's v :.l be offered:
No. 1.
SW. cor. Bryant and 25th sta.; UDimproved
lots. 25x100 each.
No. 2.
Kentucky st., west line, bet. 26th and Army;
unimproved lot. 50x200. to Tennessee st.
No. 3.
Lot 34. In block 12, of Flint Tract Homestead
Association.
No. 4.
SW. cor. Farallones and Capital sts.; un-
improved lots. 25x105.
No. 5.
Lots 366-7-8-9. Gift Map No. L
For catalogue and further particulars apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
BOVEE. TOY A CO.,
117 Montgomery St.. Opp. Occidental Hotel.
$12.500 — Sacramento St., cloee to Polk; two ele-
gant flats, containing 8 and 9 rooms
and bath; rents $S5 per month; lot 27:6
xl37:6 feet. <
$7,000 — Sacramento ft., near Fillmore: choice
pair of flats, containing 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; all rooms nicely tinted;
rents $55 per month-' lot 25xl2S feet.
$22,000— Rents $147 50 per month; Hayes Val-
ley business property; store and s|x
fiats, all In splendid condition; lot 25x
120 feet ; two frontages.
$12.500 — Broadway residence, containing 14
rooms and bath in splendid condition
throughout: lot 43x120 feet; cheapest
piece of property- offered in this vicinity.
$4.250— Rents $40 per month: close to Market
and Franklin ets. ; two flne flats and
rear cottage; never vacant; in the best
condition: lot 25x09 feet.
: $5,500 — Ashbury Heights, two flats; Just com-
pleted: rents $45 per month; everything'
strictly up to date; lot 25x100 feet.
$13,500 — Post St.. near Franklin: north side: 2
modern flats, lower of 7 and upper of 12
rooms and bath; rents $100 per month;
lot over '!0 feet frontage.
$16.000 — Rents $137*0 per month; corner: close
to Sixth and Harrison sts.; lot 56x100
feet; improvements consist of store, flats
and cottages; must be sold at once; of-
fer wanted.
$40,000 — Water lot; Beale st.. close to Mission;
eiz» 45:10x137:6 feet.
$5.000 — Elegant location for stores and flats;
SW. corner Haight and Belvedere sts. ;
size 25x100 feet.
$7,000 — Clay St.. north side, close to Presidio
Reservation : modern residence of 8
rooms and bath; lot 29x127:8% feet,
$2.300 — Church st., near Twenty- fourth: cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 26x75 feet.
$2,450— $300 down, balance same as rent; 2
modern cottages of 5 rooms and bath
each; Diamond st.. near Twenty-fourth;
half block from Twenty-fourth-st. cars
and one block from Castro-st. cars.
$7,750 — Washington Bt.. near Flllmore; north
side; modern residence of 0 rooms and
and bath; rent $C0 per month.
$1,500 — Cottage of 4 rooms on Eldridge St.,
close to Eighth and Bryant.
$8,200— Fulton st.. close to Park Panhandle;
choice- pair of flats of 7 rooms and bath
each; rents $G5 per month; lot 25x137:6
feet.
Further particulars of BOVEE. TOY & CO.,
117 Montgomery et. ¦
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers, ¦•/
114 Montgomery Bt.
Flats for Sale.
$4,000 — Two fine flats on Vallejo St., near Lar-
kln: rents $36 per month: always rented.
$10,500 — P»"t Investment In Western Addition; :
t-eautiful and well built new flats; near
Golden Gate Park: 1 block from Haight-
st. cars; rent $102 50.
$3,600— Two pretty flats in «he Mission warm
belt; rent $34.
$5,000 — A bargain on Pacific St.; near Hyde;
two flats of 5 and 6 rooms 'and bath;
rent $41 60: can be Increased.
$7,250— Rents $750 a year; substantial, well
built flats on Grove St.. near Baker.
Building* Lots.
$6,500 — The best and cheapest lots In the Park
district: north side of Page, near Cole
St.: 60x137 :«.
$1,100 — A bargain In a cheap ' bulldln? lot.'
27:6x110. on Filbert st., near Kearny
opposite Park. ¦ . . :
$1,700 — Large well situated lot on Ashbury
Heights, 30x85.
$2,100— Waller s t, near Cole; level and ready
' for building; 25x100. *
$4,000— Cheapest lot on Flllmore st., near
Hayes: 25x100. ¦ .
$9,000 — Fine corner opposite new Postofflce;
lot adjoining sold for $18.000.
2 NEW flats of 5 and 9 rooms; Beaver st., bet.
Noe and Castro; 1 block from Market and
- Sixteenth «U.; bargain. Owner. -
SAJT FRAXCXSCO CALL-
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco
CalL censer Market and Third streets; open
cct!! 12 o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery ¦treet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS Me A Hitter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m-.V
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
ectll 0 p. to.
106 Elevesth street; open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 P- ra.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
22(0 Flllmore gtreet: cpen until B p. m.
REAL^ESJ J » : TJC--CJITV— ¦ FOjgLJt5£5l
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANT.
M3 CALIFORNIA ST.
LARGE rULTON-ST. LOT. '
$33.000 — Fulton et.. near Oouch: 95:S>x2O6:3.
with L 27:Cxt»:9 on Grove St.; this property
i* adapted lor a manufacturer site or would
bring larxe returns if either an apartment
houfce cr flats were erected; within four blocks
uf the City Hail. *
• GRAND SUTTER-ST. LOT.
$30 000 — S5xl2O: Sutter, near Larkln. run-
ring through to Fern avenue; In the best retail
business locality of tbe Western Addition:
$100.0UO apartment house In course of con-
struction adjoining.
MISSION, NEAR SIXTEENTH.
$22 500—75 ft. iot; four 10-roonx houses: with
alight outlay will pay 1 per cent per month. ,
OTAERELL-ST. NEW FLATS.
$17.000 — OTarreU. near Laguna; 3 flats of
9-9-10 rooms; rentlnic tor $135.
BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS.
$12,500—3 new flats of 6-6-7 rooms on Bu-
chanan st., near Fulton: renting for $105 per
tnosth.
MECVA-ST. FLATS.
$5500—25x75; Minna, near 6th ; 3 flats of 6-
«-7 rooms: mortgage of $2000 In Hlbernla Bank
can remain,
HARRISON-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$16 500 — 66x100 ft.; cor. Oak Grove ave. and
Herrison St.. bet. Fifth and Elxth; stores, flats
and cottages; renting for $1650 per year; this
1* one of the most rapidly Improving localities
In the city; must be sold at once on account
cf the departure of the owner.
VALENCIA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$$7«;0_Valenc!a St.. nr. 25th; 32:8x117:6 to
r»-ar street; 2 stores and 2 flats renting fcr
$77 CO per month.
W*ASHINGTON-ST. HOME.
$6000 — 25x137:6; Washington ft., near Hyde;
dwelling of 7 rooms and bath.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$5750 34:1x103: west line Devisadero St..
near Green; beautiful marine view and In a
rapid!)- growing locality.
CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME.
$5500 — 25xi»0:2; California et.. nr. Baker; sub-
ftartially constructed house of 8 rooms and
bath; mortgage of S2T.00 can remain.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4. vim — Laguna, rr. Union; 2 modern bay-wln-
<ow flats; rents $34.
OCTAVIA-ST. COTTAGE.
$2500 — 31x72; Octavia st.. near Lnlon; well
built cottage of 6 rooms; renting for $16.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
:»5 Montgomery et., Opp. Mills Bldg.
LLEGANT NEW WVXTS
$C 600— Rents $792: first -class tenants; new and
up to date; electricity, gas. 3 mantels
each flat; reception halls, paneled din-
ing-room; every conceivable Improve-
ment; f.O ft. frontage; new mortgage
} ;.:•<.*.< ; Park Panhandle district.
SNAPS IN WESTERN ADDITION.
Choicest cf Locations — Swell Surroundings.
All Large Frontages.
$14,000— Rents $1C2O; 42:3x137:6 ft., north
e!de of Pine ft.; 2 residences. 12 rooms
acd bath each; electric lights, wood
mantels, heaters, high basement, etc.
$5,400—40 ft. frontage on Fulton St., close in;
2 residences, b rooms and bath; rents
$$.500 — 33 ft. frontage. Webster St.; 2 very
attractive flats. 5 and 6 rooms.
$5,750 — 31 ft. frontage Buchanan st.; 3 very
well built Cats, 5, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath.
$10,000—30x100: north side Golden Gate ave.; 2
handsome attractive residences. 6 rooms
and bath and servant's room each.
$10,500— •.'7:6x100, north side Sutter t>t_: 3
modern flats. 7. S, 8 rotms and bath.
$7,750 — 27:6xl37:ti rt.. Green et. : marine
-# view; 3 modern fiats; wood mantels-;
brick foundation etc.; rented low. $S16.
$3,500— Key lot to Haight et. ; every room In
building flooded with sunshine; 2 flats,
6 rooms and bath each; nothing finer.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER LOT.
$3,300 for 30 ft. inside lots; $45C0 for -30 ft.
cor.; north side Bt. : near Gough and
Union ets.; choice location.
i
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St.. Opp Mills Bldg.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery st.
$27.500 — Pine et., north side, between Mascn
and Taylor; lot 55x155; rents $13S; grand
location for apartment house; note cize
of lot, 85*^ square feet.
$20,000 — Choice business comer on Hyde et,
137:6x78; present rents $13D; could be
largely increased by improving portion
of lot.
$2.250 — Houte cf 7 rooms and bath on Tildec
«st. : Iot 2^x90 to rear street; a snap.
$10,000— Rents $80 per month; 3-story build-
Ing on Folsom St., near 6th; 2 stores
and lodging-house; Iot 30x80; a bargain.
$24.000 — Post ft., near Hyde; 50 feet frontage;
rents (123b
$60,000 — Corner on 6th Et. ; 75x125; rents $360
per month.
$16,500 — Corner en Third st.: 40x75; old im-
provements; rents nominal.
$20,000 — Corner on Larkln et. ; 35x70; rents
$125.
$5,000- -Residence cf & rooms and bath on
17th St.. near Howard: 30x125.
$16,000 — Elegant residence of 11 rooms, etc.,
on north side of Clay st., near Broder-
lck; lot 50x127:8; particulars and photo-
graphs at office.
$13.000 — Kents ?1260 per annum; new flats on
Buchanan et.
$14.000 — Rents $1470 -per annum; new flats;
near the "perk.
$1S,500 — Rents $1SCO per annum: S swell new
flats of 7 rooms and bath, on Clayton
et.. near the park: lot 83x100.
$11.000 — Business property on First St., close
to Howard; rent $(i3; lot 23:6x137:6.
BAKERS BEACH LOTS. f
GRAND MARINE VIEW.
$700 to JS50 — Block bounded by Lake, West
Clay sts.. 25th and 20th aves.; see
these lots to-day: note the sheltered lo-
cation, magnificent view and remarka-
bly low prices at which these splendid
home cites are being offered
O. D. BALDWIN & EON,
\ 22 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$C0 to $250 — Near ocean and part:— $5 monthly,
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave and K «t
OPEN SUNDAYS. '
SELLING FAST — SEE THEM TO-DAY.
$500 to $1000^ — New lots In Sunset District.
Graded end sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Sunset br&ach offlce on Oth ave., near H st.
$160 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mlssion-et. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$1000 to $3500—4, 5 and 6 room modern cot-
tage*. Sunset. Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Easy terms!
BOL GETZ & EON. owners and dealers
Room M, Chronicle building.
RARE Bargain! Must Be Sold Quick!
$3750 only: 2-story residence, 0 rooms, bath,
elevator and stable. Church st., near 22d*
varra belt.
COL GETZ * SON, Real Estate Dealers.
Room 64, Chronicle Bldg.
Tin TAYLOR et.— 3 Cats; lot S0xlS7:6,
924 Guerrero — 8 rooms; lot 22x117 :<J to rear
street
Pine, near Taylor— 3 new flats, 7 rooms aad
bath each.
Thirtieth st. — New cottage, 0 rooms and
bath: lot 36x125.
2700 Whitney, nr. 30th— New cottage, 6
rooms and bath. ' i
$S500— 3 Cats, 5 and 6 rooms; lot 25x100.
•KJOO Clayton st. — Lot 60x130.
700 Clayton st. — Lot 25x130.
$5000— SB. cor. 4th and C sts.. San Rafael;
4-ttory bulldlnr: lot 40x80; will exchange.
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall square.
FOR sale — Aa a whole or la subdivisions; 50-
vara lot; south line Union Et.. 137:6 feet east
nt Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce ets.: lot 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
221 Sansome et.
FOR IMMEDIATE BALE. '
Fine marine view property; lot 25x137:6;
roM house. 8 rooms, bath, laundry and large
Wfln- base.; near beet tchools. 2G10 Webtter. '<
RESiL ESTATE CITT— FOR SAX.E.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post street.
$127,'5OO— Market St., north side: grand slta
to tasrove; 50 feet front.
$50.000 — Corner east of Powell st; new Im-
provements: rents $350. •
$27,500— Large lot. 60x120. vicinity of Van
Ness ave. and Sutter st. ; grand loca-
tion for an apartment house.
$26,000 — Polk st, close> to a prominent
transfer point: store and flats; new
buildings; rents $175. '
$21 000— Business corner, tnsida Flllmore st. ,
handsome improvements, stores ana
flats; rent* $167 50.
$20.000— Corner on Battery st. near water-
$20.000— Business corner, close to Polk and
California sts. :- 3-story building: £
stores and 2 flats; 35 feet frontage;
good income. • „
$20,000— Fine Pacific ave. flats: rents $1»»>:
extra large lot and elegant new
building.
$18,000— Sacramento, near Polk; 65x118,
rents $120. .
$16.500 — Three new corner flats: rents
$130- near California and Steiner.
$15,000— Three new handsome flats; McAllis-
ter, near Steiner; rents $127 5O._
$15.0C0— Ellis st., northeast corner; S»:6x
IT *fl_
$12.50O— Rents $1CO; 4 houses: lot 50x100;
close to Market and Valencia sts.
$12.000— East of 3d st, : 44x137:6. doubl*
frontage: suitable for factory or
warehouse: Improvements rent ror
$96 per month: this is a bargain.
$12.000^ — Choice Turk st. store corner; 3».tsx
87:6 and house of 17 rooms.
$10,750— Three flne flats. Washington it., in-
side of Hyde: each 8 rooms and bath;
large key lot; 23 feet front: rents $9.V
$10.500— Two elegant flats, Geary st. near
• Gough: rent* $75.
$10,250— Rents $30; adjacent to P° w «" •"«
Bush sts.; 3 handsome bay-window
$10.000— 6th St.. near Folsom; 2 stores and
$9.75oi a Fin" I l"a ? ti 5 o ( n; 1*4 blocks north of
Market st: rents S^3. _?•»«.
$7,500— Devisader*. near California st. . lot
27:6x100; 2 flne flats; rents $63.
$7.200— Rents $65: Harrison st. near 4th.
$6,000—50 lots, whole block, south of Go -
den Gats Park: would sell In subdi-
visions at a good profit.
$6,000—4 flne flats on Pierc« «t, near
Green; rents $36.
$8,000 — Cheap, on account of owners de-
parture; 9-room residence on Scott
st: lot 27x100.
$5,000— San Jcme ave.. near 24th; * nats.
$5.000^p t ine $4 st.. near Devisadero; 2 flats;
7 years old; 26x137:6.
$4 750—2 nice bay-window flats on —a.
near Ca«tro: rents $40. v,,,—^,.
$3.730-Ellis st.. north side, near Flllmore.
25x112*6
$3 55<C-New' residence of 9 rooms and bath
Liberty st.. Mission warm belt;
grand view and close to cars.
$3,000— New cottage, Webster, near tnion.
$2.000— Perry st.. near 3d; cottage and lot.
$1,800^15* on Polk st.. near Union; 27:6
feet front; ready to build on.
$1BCO— SW. cor. 21st and Noe sts.: level ;
wltabl* for 3 flats; grand city view;
$500^50x120. on 2Sth~ave.. 100 feet north
*^^f p t Loboa ave. : sure speculation.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post street.
'^i^Wir ? T RC5T ™:
WHAT IS TITLE INSURANCE? It i» th»
appi"atlon of the principle of »n»™ca to all
risks connected with the purchase of '"!<>""*
and the loaning of money on mortgage se-
CU WHAT IS THE EFFECT? The effect Is to
protect the Innocent purchaser cr ™£***f*'
against all undiscovered Hens. Judgments,
mortgages claims of tiMe. suits and losses to
the Stent for which the California Tile In-
surance and Trust Company policy Is given.
THE ADOPTION OF TITLE INSURANCE
of late years by all banks, trust companies,
corporations and the general public, demon-
strates that the system of these companies is
an established and complete success.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a ccc-.plete lo-
cality plant cr copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for injuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates:
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
WILLIAM ALVORD, " .
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
ROBERT BRUCE bf &
HENRY L. DAVIS. nt
P N LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-California Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olncy & Olney. Atfys and Counselors.
CHARLES p PAGE. cCutchen &
A T. SPOTTS.
. Mer. CaL Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 630 California st.
__ — - znzz
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots::!
Unobstructed View cf Ocean. Your Choice
$100 to $210. Splendid Bargains. $5 monthly.
19TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS!!!
See Them at Once. Graded. Level to Build on.
High Ground. . Magnificent View.
Perfect Bargains. On Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!!
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Nothing to Equal Them In Quality or Price.
One Block from Mission-st. cars. Perfectly
level.
Corner Lot3 for Business. Opposite New School.
$150 UP; $o MONTH. PERFECT BARGAINS.
$300 to $1200.
Choices of Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$S00 to ?5O0O. New Cottages and Houses in
Sunset. Richmond and ExceUion Homestead.
All My On Property. Suld on Easy Terms.
$500 — LEVEL lot en Sanchez st. : 1Sx273 ft.
$1250 — Cottage, 5 rooms, bath, hard finished.
$1SSO— Foreclosure sale: new cottage. 4 rooms,
must be sold; ea3y terms; *- blocks 2JMh
and Mission; genuine bargain: open Sun-
a>S ' MISSION REALTY CO. NO 2.
Twenty-ninth St.. corner Mission.
$2300 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath.
Lot 23x114: 27th st. Uovely home).
Bet. Dolores and Church.
$1400 — Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25xS0.
Folsom St.. ahove> Preelta ave.
J. F. PLUM BE.
1402 Valencia st.
BUY A HOME: STOP PAYING RENT.
Look at those five cottages on Precita ar« .
west of York St.; take Folsom-st. car: K
30x150; prices small: terms easy: open from
6 to 7:30 p. m.: Sunday. 3 to 5 p m.. or
address owner. WILLIAM MANN. 40 New
Montgomery st.
$1000—2 new flats. 29th and .Mission sts.:
will rent for ?4O per month. ,
$1500—2 new flats on Army st.. near Mis-
sion. Your friends will loan the balance ror
D. COFFIN & CO.. 33'13 Mission st.
FOR SALE— Neat cottage: tnM-tn >™? r °^-
ments: terms same as rent. Apply SE. cor-
ner Alabama and Montcalm sts.
$62G— LOT 25x114; snap: easy terms; no lnter-
* el^no fos~warm belt SOT> Liberty. nr.Church.
•r"tvp* » .rnrv residence t> rooms and bath.
F 38ll 22d st^n^egtro: best part of Miss on.
SAM MATEO^ JEA^ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOMES t MATEQ pARj .
SAN MATEO.
»..,,Hf,ti hnne lots, averaging about I acre
« a ?h^n sin Mateo Park, the finest suburban
«»!/«?• wosmT""" San Francisco; this
Z~~£Z thl famous Clark Tract, held for over
S?T.,.£ hv the same owners, recently subdl-
tiJrt £t« cottage, bungalow and villa homo
£? w£h "ide ir.d winding avenues; bor-
5 A Z 'h thousands of costly shade tre«
d a^. n £nrisinK the most desirable of all the
a , I ? d .v C ,° t?/™* fltes in beautiful San Mateo.
eligible home •«« l ioa now „„„!„ every
Suburban electn for San M ateo.
n^ n vini £t? will be -old on terms of on-
?m^ rash balance in one and two years,
third ca *°' and full particulars
F ,° r t" or add "«» BALDWIN & HOWELL.
i PP \ y £ta\e Agents. 25 Post st.. S. F.. or
f£ KSK* GIU'MMON. .San Mateo.
San Mateo office open Sundays.
SAN MATEO. BURLINGAME.
n.«t suburban homes near San Francisco:
tlrrZ" electric railroad now running: lots
"VrliTdcnces for sale. We can-sell good lota
2o d iow as *"i> « ach - W * wlU * KU< } l 2 " h0W
fh^-vfeilM have some acreage land near
them, v-e » ' per acre.
by as low as Jiw »« McAFEE BROTHERS.
1M xmnttfonvry st. San Francisco. Resident
1 iliZl " S T^i GOODHUE. Western Union Tel-
eVra"h 'building, *an Mateo.
poivt nicH.MQXP real estate.
$5 MONTHLY. voiyT RICHMOND LOTS.
The Best Are In the Santa Fe Tract.
$5 MONTHLY.
Streets graded. Sidewalks laid.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery it.
WATEIt front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bid;.THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
41
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
460-462 8th St.. Oakland, Cal.
$14.000— Magnificent winter residence; 11 rooms
. and bath; beautiful grounds* away from
fog and winds; a country residence in
city; stable; cement walks; excellent
train service. .
$16,000— Superb Lakeside mansion: magnificent
grounds on shores of Lako Merrltt; sta-
ble; boathouser five minute-' walk to
banking center. -
$7,600— Elegant residence in Lakeside district:
10 rooms; furnace; modern appoint-
ments; close in; worth $10,000; reduced
for Quick sale.
, SPECIAL.
$250 down, balance as rent; fine new house,
0 rooms and bath; Colonial style; every
convenience; corner lot; established
neighborhood; Clinton station; $3750.
_____
$3,650— Elegant home of 10 rooms and bath:
corner lot; actually cost $e000; Clinton
station; reduced for quick sale. •, ;
$2,500 — Fine 12-story house; 0 rooms and
bath; rents $25 per month; near 24th and
Grove; snap.
$2,400 — Nice cottage,' 6 rooms and bath; high
. basement, 4 rooms; lawn and driveway;
lot 35.X100; not far from City Hall; easy
terms.
$2,200 — Modern cottage; 6 rooms and bath;
driveway, lawn and barn; street work
and sidewalks; 37th and Telegraph ave. ¦
BARGAIN.
$2,000 — Nice cottage of 7 rooms and bath: lot
33x115; Adeline station; north of 8th st.
?l.S50 — Nice bay-window cottage: 5 rooms and
bath; In fine order; near Broadway and
Oak st. stations.
$1,450— Neat cottage; 4 rooms and bath: mod-
ern-plumbing; near locals and park.
$1,250 each — Easy terms; two neat 4-rooro cot-
tages; windmill and tank; near Santa
Fe line.
Bargains In lots In every section of city.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 8th st. .
Oakland.
close in— Installment lots.
$25 cash— $10 per month.
- -j 125.
« 125.
¦
1 -Q 30 30
t* ' TWENTY-FIRST STREET. [
Streets sewered, macadamized and side-
walked: near new car line and Adeline sta-
tion; no such opportunity ever offered on prop-
erty as close in. .
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-4U2, Eighth St.,
¦ . '• " Oakland.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1<-D2 Broadway. Oakland.
$20 per month on the property and only 6 per
cent Interest buys .a new, modern home of t
8 rooms, porcelain bath and sink, laundry.
. sanitary plumbing, gas and electric light- i
ing; sunny side of the street, fronting |
electric car line and within walking dU-
tance cf local trains to San Francisco;
Choice residence location: street work all
done: stone walk all laid: open lawn In
front; or will rent for $30 per month;
small first payment required If sold; In-
vestigate at once: an exceptional chance,
to get a home on payments like rent,'
$300f> — Forced sale under mortgage: positively
must be sold at once: 10 rooms; lot S6x
115; sunny frontage: close to schools,
churches and local train; Poplar et. ; cen-
tral: very desirable neighborhood; cost
present owner over $4100.
Have you /»een my new bungalow? Something
new and pretty; Just completed and never j
yet occupied; nothing like it In Oakland;
lot 40 ft. front: 4 ft. above the street
grade; all etreet work complete; choice
i neighborhood; pretty new, modern homes
all around; 6 rooms complete In every de.
' tall, including tinting, electric lighting,
porcelain bath and sink, sanitary plumb-
ing; open lawn, stcne walks, and In fact
everything right up to date; right near
Telegraph ave., in the very best part, and
not far out; terms of payment can be ar-
ranged; if you are looking for a unique,
cozy, cotvfortable home, ' examine this be-
fore you buy. Send for new printed 8-page
catalogue.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. Ean Fran-
cisco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAM) HOUSES TO LET.
$30 — NEW 8 rooms, near trains: send for print-
ed catalogue of houses both for sale and*
rent. GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TO RENT — Rooms and private board. 602
Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAXDFliRMTURBlFOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaa*. 11th st. cor. store.Oaklnd
Mill Valley Advertisemepts.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATB.
$3000—5 ROOMS and bath; furnished; lot 60*
130; near depot; will trade for San Fran-
cisco property. ,
$2500 — i rooms, bath; lot 215x175; sunny; fine
view.
$4500 — B rooms, bath; plastered: furnished: 57x
130; sunny; fine view; 7 minutes to depot.
$4000 — 10 -rms.,' bath; corner; 82x120; marine
view; 2 minutes to depot: rent for $35 mo.
$4000 — Business property; 50x150; Throckraor-
ton ave.; monthly rentals $42 50.
$3750—8 rms.. bath; 60x130; furnished; small
cottage |n rear, 3 rms.; 2 rain, to depot.
$3500— Cottage. 5 rms.. bath upstairs; 4 rms..
bath downstairs; very sunny and fine
view; 5 minutes to depot; on hill.
$3500— Cottage. 8 rms.. bath; 60x130: sunny.
$3000 — 5 rms.. bath; 2 outside summer rooms:
bearing fruit trees and choice garden; cor-
ner; 30x130; for rental at $30 per month.
$2500—6 rms., bath; 140x258: 15 min. to depot.
$2000 — 2 fine corners: each 100x100.
$1200 — 3 rms.; 50x130; bearing fruit trees; gar-
den; sunny.
$1200 — 50x140; 1 block to business center.
$1200-r-2 acres In town limit.
$000—3 acres near Cascade; view of valley
and Tamalpals.
Other properties improved and unimproved.
S. N. ROBERTS. Real Estate & Insurance.
"¦'¦- Mill Valley. Cal.
TERMS 10 PER CENT CASH.
BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
Fine large lots right at the station on graded
streets; beautiful trees, charming views; no
hills to climb; prices very low; only $S to
$12 a front foot; will double In value; don't
fall to see them; over 80 lots sold recently:
money advanced for building purposes: 6-nd
for illustrated booklet:- agent on the ground
Sundays. LYON •& HOAQ. 116 Montgomery.
STORAGES AND WAREHOUSES.
A-VEMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. : furniture.
- household goods stored moved.' shipped. 729-
731 Howard at., near Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
HOUSEHOLD goods and bric-a-brac packed for
storage or shipment. Call or address 370 Fell.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gato ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West -Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. par.y. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phono Jackson -SI.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
RESORTS. ._
CAMPEHS — Furnished tents "complete"; eie-
gant private grounds. ¦ Inquire Millwood sta-
, tlon . or l-asUand- P.-: O.;. Wheeler . ataxttn.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALLEN & ELLIS' EPECI ALS.
$750— Lot 40x180; within one block of Berke-
ley Station.
$1000— Lot 42x130; la choice location: eaat of
Telegraph.
$1550 — 3 rooms; modern; nearly new; 8 blocks
from cars.
$2000 — »-room cottage; nearly new- In nice
condition: close-in.
$2750 — tt rooms; new; double floors; cedar
finish; sightly and attractive; near in.
$2400—3 rooms; dandy little cottage; choice
location; east of Telegraph.
13250 — 10 rooms; two flats; 5 rooms each; one
leased to good tenant; nice condition;
large lot; near Telegraph and Dwight.
$2800 — 8 rooms; In good condition: large lot;
finished street; east of Shattuck, near
I>wi_:ht.
$3750^ — S rooms; modern; cedar finish; nearly
new; fine location; near university.
$45W) — 8 rooms; every convenience; perfect
condition; elegant location; close In on
couth.
$4750 — 10 rooms; nearly new; modern; close la.
$5000 — 16 rooms; well built; In fine condition;
convenient to U. C-j leased for $600 year.
$6760 — 11 rooms; handsome modem home; new;
choice location; large lot. »
W« have houses for rent la all port* of town.
2129 Center st.. Berkeley.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE- COMPANY,
2149 CENTER STREET, BER.I.ET-~Y.
$2500 — If you want a nice home In Berkeley,
here is your chance; 6-room, cottage, with
modern bath and toilet; fine brick well;
windmill, the tankhouse Inclosed; fruit
tree*, berry bushes; large lot, 80x130;
1H blocks from electric road; will con-
nect direct with ferry to Ban Francisco
for one fare: high school within 3 blocks:
everything In flrst-class order; terms can
be had; don't let this cha-ice pass you by.
We have new houses from $1530 up; sold on
easy terms.
We have a large list of new house* for rent
Is good localities.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
: 2149 CENTER STREET. BERKELEY, CA1_
L. J. ANDERSON. City Agent. 409 Mont-
gomery Et.. S. F.
I —^— -—-——-———— ——————^ ___——— __—_————_
! AN opportunity seldom met with — I have a
new two-story 7-room house. 4 bedrooms.
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas,
electric lights, etc. on aa improved street.
i only two blocks from the station, which I
will sell to a reliable party oa the follow-
ing terms: $100 cash and the balance In
monthly Installments; whole price $3500.
I $4500 — Fine tw o-story house. 60x135; will ex-
change for desirable residence In San
Francisco.
$2iOO — Good six-room bouse on sucny side of
street; large lot; a bargain.
i $l650~-B-r©oii i house near Dwight way station.
$7000— Will be completed In one week; elegant
house of 8 rooms; everything modern; fur-
nace; double floors, etc.; fine corner lot;
a gentleman's home.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Corner Ehattuck ave. and Center st.
$2000— HOUEE of 6 rooms; lot 45x100; etreet
work complete; house nearly new; cost
$2500; will take lot in part payment.
$2000—6 room* and bath; lot 60x120; street
work done; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$400— Lets half block from Grove-st. car line.
$3500— 7-room house: barn; large lot; on street
car line; exceptional easy terms to re-
sponsible party.
$1650 — 6-room house, near College ave. ; lot 40x
120.
Acreage property adjoining university grounds
froar. $400 to ?7f>Q per acre; fine view of
San Francisco Bay.
CHENEY ft: BERRY,
P. O. Block Berkeley.
$000 — FINE lot. 50x130. on Shattuck ave.,
i near Berryman Station.
jfOO — Splendid U.t, 50x270. on Spruce st.
$1250— A big snap; lot 60x135. on Arch et,
near Vine.
J12O0 — Fine lots In the Daley's Scenic Park;
Etreet work done.
J"7'0 — 2 nobby new houses, on Walnut St.; 7
rooms each.
! $4000 — New home of 7 rooms, on Scenic ave.,
; near Cedar rt.
I $4WX> — Another one, eairie size, on Vine st.
j $4TO0 — Up-to-date new home, on Walnut St.,
near Virginia.
j $5250 — See this pretty place en Walnut st.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
(Successors to May & Mortimer),
i Temporary Office near First National Bank.
LAWTON & ALBEE.
Special Bargains In Berkeley Homes.
6 rooms; new. cozy home; S2300.
6 rooms; new; tlr.ted walls; south front;
¦ $3250. «
6 rooms: new; polished floors: modern: $4000.
8 rooms; modern; new; North Berkeley;
\ $4750.
9 rooms; elegant new home; everything com-
plete; fln<» corner; lawn In; you should see
; this; $6000.
WE ALSO HAVE HOUSES IN DIFFER-
ENT PARTS OF TOWN FOR FROM $1500
UPWARD. CHOICE LOTS. $250 UPWARD.
¦ LAWTON * ALBEE. 2139 Center St.. Berkeley.
! A SNAP — t-room house; high basement; gas
and bath: small bam; beautiful lot. drive-
way, etc. ; street work complete.
¦ Fine ar.d dandy 6-room cottage; blrdseye
; maple finish; cheap.
8-room house; sear station; $100 cash and
i $20 a month. |
i New S-room house; corner lot; 3 sets folding
! doors; must be sold this week.
• 4 and 5 room cottages; $1200 and up; easy
1 terms.
• MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
j $350 — CORNER lot near Adeline station.
y.'AiO — Inside lot near Adeline station.
j $1500— Lot -0x135; fine view; street work done.
200 foot frontage: street work done; near Santa
Fe new station; only $12 50 per front foot; '
will sell for $20 per foot before summer J
Is over.
$8000 will buy one of the finest Income prop- j
ertles In town; rented for $75 per month; >
this is worth investigating. j
S S. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate. Insurance. Notary Public,
2171 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
$7250 — BUSINESS block at Berkeley station, i
2 etores. 2 flats, email cottage, stable;
"¦ lot 50x134- good investment.
I $4000— One-half acre; 8-room house, stable
and chicken houses; $1500 cash, balance
flat loan; 8 per cent Interest.
$5000— 13-room house; one block from univer-
sity grounds; nice location.
j-jslO — 18-room house; near university: a snap; '
building alone cost $5000; lot 50x138.
$1000 — »-rocm cottage and stable; lot 50x125;
$200 ceth, balance $12 per month.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
• 2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
$4000 — 1607 PRINCE St.. near Santa Fe B, R.;
large 6-room house: high basement; sta-
ble: cow barn; 7 bouses for chickens; lot
lCGxl-5; street work compute; call and
inspect. * -_-. .,.'
W. C. MORAN 4 CO..
2131 ghattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FINE. new. handsome cottages; up to date; al!
conveniences; close to cars; large lots; $1550
to $10C0; only $200 cash, balance $16 CO per
month.
W. C MOHAN, Lorin station, or
C. C. KMSLIE. ABhby, station.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
new 2-rtory 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas.
electric lights, etc.; on an Improved street;
onlf 2 blocks from the station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance In menth-
ly Installments; whole price $3500. j,
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Eetate,
Cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center, Berkeley.
STOP PAYING RENT. ¦;vr ;
8— .all and large home, la all parts of town
for 6mall cash payments and easy Install-
ments.
H. D. IRWIN.
" Lorin Station, Berkeley.
FOUR blocks of ground In Berkeley. Cal. for
$20,000; this Is the amount of indebtedness
on the property; a good investment and In a
section of growing values. Inquire of W.
N. RUSSELL. 301 California st,. Ban Fran-
cisco. Cal. ¦
$5500—8 ROOMS and bath; fine location; one
block to university buildings and car line;
street work all done.
i LITTLB * W00I-3EY.
2110 Ehattuck ave.. Berkeley.
11 ACRES. Joining university; whole or dlvls-
lon. DR. MOUSER, owner. 707 Bush St..
Eaa Francisco. . . -
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRPITVALEI • REAL ESTATE. '
H. BARI-MEYER,
1206 Fruitvale Ave., Fruitvale, Cal.
$650— Cottage of 4 rooms; corner lot, 60x100;
chicken- house, good well and tramp; 2
blocks from car line; close to schools and
church; terms $50 cash, balance $7 20 per
month. . -
$075— Cottage of 3 rooms, hard finish; lot CO
xlOO- 2-story barn and chicken-house ; good
well and pump; fruit trees; near school
and car line; a good buy.
$850— Cottage of 2 rooms; lot 100x150, all
fenced; chicken-house, etc.; 2 blocks from
car line. - '
$1300 — Coxy cottage of 3 rooms, hard finished
hall, closets, etc.; one. room finished In
basement; entire house completely fur-
nished; lot 75x108; 2-story barn, chlcken-
- house; good well, also city water; all for
(1300; a bargain. ¦ .
$1600 — Bay-window cottage of 7 rooms , and
bath; high basement; lot 37:6x100; two
blocks from Fruitvale station.
$1SOO— $100 cash, balance $20 40 per month;
bay-window cottage of 8 rooms and bath. -
sliding door, mantel; all latest Improve-
ments; corner lot;- 3 blocks from local
train.
$2300— An ideal house of 6 rooms and bath, all
tinted and nicely frescoed, porcelain bath-
tub, mantel, eliding doors; gas and up-to-
date fixtures; high basement; fine garden
and fruit trees in bearing; two block,
from Fruitvale station; .fine location;:
terms $500 cash, balance to suit pur- ¦
chaser. ]
$4000— Reduced from $5000; beautiful home on
Fruitvale ave, consisting of 8 rooms and
bath, conservatory, gas, etc.; all modern
Improvements; 2-story barn; excellent well '
of soft water: large tank and windmill;
corner lot, 80x203; variety of fruit and
6hade trees; this elegant home must be
sold and must be seen to be appreciated.
For particulars apply to.
H. BARKMEYER,
1206 Fruitvale Ave.. Fruitvale, Cal.
Telephone Brook 638.
CHARLES F. LEE,
1222 Fruitvale ave., near Station.
$260'" — 1 acre land. rich, sandy loam; nice 4-
room ¦.ottage; close to cars; on main avenue
to Miils College; a beautiful home; easy terms
if wanted. ,
AND DON'T FORGET
THE "ROSA LEE" TRACT.
Large lots, $75; only $5 down; beautiful
view; grand soil; school, church, postofflce,
cars close by; no fogs or cold winds here;
I flneat climate around the bay; lots $75; only
j $5 down, balance your terms.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
O_T3?ICE, 1118 BBOAOWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
f "
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,'
1172 Broadway, cor. Fourteenth st.
CHOICE REAL ESTATH.
CHOICE REAL ESTATE.
SNAP*. BARGAINS.
SNAPS. BARGAINS.
$1500— Splendid lot. close to town, 50x100; be- ,
tween two car lines; In splendid neigh-
borhood; cheap.
$2400 — For one of the finest lots In the Lake-
Side dlbtrlct, Oakland's ewellest residence
. section;. 40x100; nothing like It for the
I price.
$2700 — One of the coziest little 5-room cottagPs
in the city; In desirable and growing
locality; clpse to cars; Is modern In every
I respect; easy terms.
$-7250 — Can be had on easy terms; new and
modern C-room house; large reception hall;
In very desirable locality;, close to line
- of new Santa. Fe ferry system.
$4250 — A snap. ¦ Original cost of house con-
siderably more than this; fine 0-room cot-
tage In splendid neighborhood; one block
from cars and school; exceptionally well
built.
$5000 — Ven' desirable home of 8 rooms; In
best of condition: within 5 minutes' walk
of 14th and Broadway; has large tank,
and windmill on premises.
$6500 — A swell home In the swellest part of
town; contains 0 fine large sunny rooms;
modern and up-to-date; the cheapest buy
in town.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES
i BEAUTIFUL HOMES
IN EAST OAKLAND. ,
IN EAST OAKLAND.
Situated on the block bounded by 4th and '
5th aves. and East 12th and East 14tH sts.
They are the pretflest and best constructed
homes to be had for the money. Prices range
from $4250 to $5230. Houses contain 7 and 8
rooms each. Come In and see us about them.
We want to show them to you.
Man on the ground dally.
— — ~~ ;
1:30 to 5 p. m.
1:30 to 5 p. m.
Sundays by Appointment.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
. Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th _t. f
Oakland.
_____
FRANK P. LEE.
Oil BROADWAY.
$3250 — Now, up-to-dat* 1 colonial, large veranda.
7 rooms, bath and laundry, toilet on each
floor. 2 mantels, natural wood finish, din-
ing-room and den high paneled In curly
redwood; gas and electricity, fuel gas
connection; nice lot, on sunny side, near
TMrty-flfth and West; convenient to EanU
Fe depot; easy terms.
IICOO — Close to new Market-st. car line: cot-
age 5 rooms, almost new; sunny side; lot
50x125; street, cement walks and sewer
complete; snap.
$2500— Near Clinton station; modern house of
7 rooms; best construction; east front; 30-
foot lot.
$1000— Cheapest lot In Oakland for flats con-
: ' liiderlng location; north side 22d st., be-
tween Telegraph and Grove; 25x120. •
$2CKX) — Co_y new 4-room cottage; everything
the best; beautiful yard, flowers, shrubs
etc.; right In town; rare chance.
$1500— Beautiful lot. 3Sxl30; sunny side of 18th
street, near Linden.
$0250 — Northwest corner 11th and Webster* 50
feet; growing business property.
FRANK P. LEE.
911 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$4,250— Reduced from $6000; owner compelled
to leave Oakland on account of a busi-
ness change and prefers to make sacrifice
and a quick eale; house of 8 rooms al-
most new; the latest style of archi-
tecture; finished In first-class, workman-
like manner: built 'for a home and has
every possible advantage; lot SOxllti, with
driveway, trees, palms, shrubbery and
a small summer-house; neighborhood is
first-class and . near the business center*
$_0O cash, balance mortgage. *
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE K. AUSTIN,
• 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$5,000— Would cost to duplicate, $6500; new,
colonial house In East Oakland; high and
sightly, with a fine marine view; finished
in curly redwood;: dining-room 23 ft.
long, with bookcases and china closets
built therein: nickel and open plumbing:
lot 50x145 (note size); 13 homes surround-
• Ing It within a block, ranging in price
from $7000 to $15,000; terms only $500
cash, balahce monthly. . j
J. S, MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS— ~
$3,000 only for a fine 7-room house; large lot;
all street work done; easy terms.
$1,100 only for a 6-room cottage In healthiest
location of East Oakland;, easy terms;
must be sold this week.
- ' P. C. LASSEN & CO.,'
466 10th st., . Oakland.'
HOUSE 6 rooms, etc.; modern: 857 37th st..
; near Syndicate bank and - station ; a private
loan at your own terms of payment. Address
BuilCer. 031 60th St., ; Oakland, . CaL
. MEDICAL.
VALPEAU'S femala pills; best reiralatlns; pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $. 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and I
Broadway. Oakland.
A — Mrs.. Dr. Sweet take* ladles before and dur-
ing conflrement; infanta adopted; $13; |3
rooms & board; 25 years' experience. _s3 7th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femali
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post St.. near Jones.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult thU specialist on fenutla
compialnts; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult eases trta:-
ed; advice free. OfCce. 1018 Market st,
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10CSH Market St.. opp. 8t_u
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, femala comp. ;23 yr*,experlence.
DR. and MRS. DAV1E3 and HINDOO HERUs"
original method of treatment. 1126 Market at.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2305 Folaom St.. cor.
2t.th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 319 Powell St.. oppostt*
Unlcn square- all diseases cured by herbs.
MlSCKl.LA.MiIUL * KOIl SALU.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1.7 Fremont st.
A -^3: 5O ' 0CO flre brtcJc - 2d-hand, per M $20
200, OCO red brick. 2d-hand. per M $1
!•> h. p. donkey hoist with boiler $230
15 h. p. cargo hoist $20O
»f >>• P- battery of 4 boilers $11)00
oJv _" p - return tubular boiler $J<*>
„?"•"• return tubular boiler $175
o£ \L - p " "ationary boiler and engine. . .».-J5
;._• n. p. portable boiler and engine.... $_OO
nn X: P- " eine safety tube boiler $200
_° n. P. locomotive flre box boiler. ...$_CO
« n. p. gasoline engine (new) $175
* n. P- gaaolino engine (new) $U~»
10 h. p. gasoline marine engine $3<hj
Large fireproof saf a $5O
Prospector's 5-stamp mill 25O
Dodge rock crusher (new) $110
S2 tanks, different sizes, from $10 up.
Big lot of laundry machinery
P0 h. p. locomotive flre box boiler $330
v,e buy and sell second-hand machinery.
A list furnished of all the dealers oa th«
coast free of charge.
See me last before buying or selling
A few bundles of good pipe to sell
H. 3. WHITE MACHINERY CO.. 130-133
Beale st.
H. 8. WHITE MACHINERY Cal 130-133
BEALE ST.
Rents all kinds of machinery.
Buys all kinds of machinery.
Loans money on all kinds machinery.
Stores all kind3 machinery.
Repairs -all kinds of machinery.
If It's machinery, sea WHITEL Appraises all
kinds of machinery.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches an4
jewelry from us Is that you need only pay a
email weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call aa 1
examine our goods, even If you don't care t j
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUIt ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; goes, ortr oil
Iron, tin cr chingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
WILL contract 2500 barrels per month for one
year. 14 Vi gravity oil at 25o f. o. b. Bakers-
field. C. E. PRICE, 605 Grant Building,' Lcs
Ance'es. . ¦
AA — ENGINE; horizontal slide valve. 16x3t*.
aa good aa new; made by Union Iron
Works; well built. P. O. box 20S6. S. F.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to nocn.
A— $rj 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pcp-
ular Price Hatter*. 330 Kearny St., near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bctlers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
Al FRESH family cow just from the country.
Inquire SAM AFTEP.GUT. Mission road. nr.
Seven-Mile House and county line.
TRY our ir.en's shoes at $1 pair; foot-form
shoes at $2 50; we pay express charges. 11
Third st.. Examiner bid. : catalogue sent free.
SECOND mach'y, boilers, engines, pumps,
wood and Iron working machinery, bought.
sold and rented. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
GAS engine for sale at a bargain: 8 HP.;
flrst-claaa one. Apply VON SERKEY. 813
Clay et., Oakland.
CUTTING table In good condition for sala
reasonable. Call Monday. 330 Cilia st.
FOR sale — A ticket to Denver; $20; good to
October 10. Box 4664, Call office.
LAW books, new, $2000 worth, at a great saerl-
flce. OEO. W. CALDERWOOD. Oakland. Cal.
SLOT machine; Dewey; fine condition; $50.
1508 Seventh st, Oakland. _
FINE Cocker purs; 4 black males, 1 brown
male: cheap. 79 City Hall ave.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st,
MOVING picture film and song slides. 103
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECSt
Jk CO. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE' engines, automobiles and launches.
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont -t.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
cakes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montry-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLA.N'EOUS WANTS.
CARPENTERING and painting for scholar-
ship; day. evening; work day, evening.
- B. L. 431 Lombard st.
TTLTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S31.
MO.NEV TO LOA.V.
AAA — H__t_VlVN ilUitPHX.
e01-eu_-eo_- __ea-aln«r bulldla*.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property la trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided *a-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. % Strictly confidential.
Wh:n You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY tespectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, a:
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry - Store. <m
Market St.. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned o salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-housea. without
> security: easy pay-cents: largest business la
- 48 principal cities. Tolraan. S33 Parrott bltlg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano uio removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up: (.ulcX.
<ju!et, confidential. 26 Montgoaa.ry st.. r. 7.
MTTNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. T08 Market; phone Main SIS.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their not*.
The TOXTSLEY CO 143 PheUn bldg.
•MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamend*. pearls and precious stanea bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on ea,e?»
$1000: any security. 802 Montgomery, room 18.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; tio — jmora.;
V. TEEMAIN, room 81. « Eddy at., floor •_.
att. loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per eeat
mo. C F. Collateral Loan Bank. 323 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual SaT.Bk.bla.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndor-er. MORBF.tU BOO ~-r<mtTW bid.
MO.M-Y WAXTED.
WANTED — To borrow $1000 to increase busi-
ness; will pay 7 per cent Interest; good se-
curity. Address B.. 701 San Jose ave.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNES3 and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
trent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
SPECIAL XOTICES. ,
¦;¦¦ — •¦* <"
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal ' Pins
are best: safe, reliable: take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies."'
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WATER wells bored through any formation
with tn« C. & C. Company's patented power
drill. Call or address 0 Ed3y St.. room 30.
For Additional Classified Advertiaa-
; xnenta See Page Forty-Two.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
XTNIVERSITT, HEIGHTS-
BERKELEY,
FOR SALE
By CHENEY & BERRY, Y
i : 'i_V«. 2148 Center etreet.
Or W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
21S4 Shattuck avenue.
UNIVERSITY HEIGHTS.
Adjoining the University of California.
—FINE VIEW—
Large lots from 100 to 400 feet frontage,
From ?400 up.
First 10 lots at present prices. Buy before th«
raise, y
B. L. FTTZG— RALB- & CO.
207 Montgomery Street. 6. F.
$2700— FOR Sale— New house of 6 rooms;
choice lot; $400 cash, bdlance $35 per month.
J. H. YOUNQ. builder,
» 1243 Part St., Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. ¦
FRUITYALE A DYERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL' ESTATE.
_-—————-_
J. V. MATTESON.
Fruitvale ave, nr. E. 14th st.. Fruitvaje, Cal.
Phone Brook 296.
IF YOU ARE TIRED OF BEING COOPED
UP IN A FLAT IN SAN FRANCISCO IF
YOUR PHYSICIAN SAYS YOU MUST GET
OUT OF THE FOGS AND WfNDS. DO NOT
FAIL TO INVESTIGATE THE MERITS OF
FRUITVALE. WE ARE ONLY B0 MINUTES'
RIDE FROM SAN FRANCISCO. HAVE
EVERY ADVANTAGE OF THE CITY. AND
OUR CLIMATE IS THE BEST OF ALL BAY
TOWNS. I HAVE RECENTLY HAD CALLS
FROM MANY EASTERN PEOPLE WHO
HAVE TRAVERSED THE ENTIRE COAST.
AND THEY ALL CONCEDE THAT FRUIT-
VALE IS THE IDEAL HOME-PLACE OF
THE- WEST.
________
$1000 — S-room cottage; 6 lots; well of fine '
water; privilege to use 4 additional lots
free; suitable for chicken and pigeon
raising; $250 cash, balance $9 per month.
$1000— 3-roo— . cottage; large lot: nice residence
location; barn, pigeon fly, etc; easy terms
if desired.
$1350— new 4-room cottage, located close to
local train; modern conveniences through-
out; easy payments: a good buy.
$1475 — 4-room cottage, close to local train and
school: large lot; high basement, city
- water, chicken yards, etc ¦-
$1500 — 4-room cottage: lot 38x140; two blocks
from station; $300 each, balance $14 40
per month.
$1600^ — i-room cottage, cloee to station; one
block from school and electric cars; mac-
adamized street, city water, high base-
ment, chicken yards, barn, «-tc. ; $500
- down, balance $13 20 per month; fur-
niture, chickens, rabbits, etc., for small
amount additional.
; $2000 — New 4-room cottage; lot 75x183; well of
water, bain, 2 rooms In basement, berries,
vegetables, fruit; easy terms to reliable
party.
$2100 — C-room house; large lot; centrally lo-
. rated; nenr school; up-to-date In all re-
spects; terms to suit buyer.
$2400— ri-room 2-story house; lot 50x170; fine
bar*;, chicken yards; superb location; near
school and electric cars. ;
$2S<X>— 7-room 2-story house: large lot, near
station and school; just completed; gas,
electricity, porcelain - bath, two patent
toilets, marble washstand. stationary tubs,
hot and ccld water, elegant pantry, tiled
sink, grills, paneled beam ceilings,, beau-
tiful tinting, shades, etc.; a palace; terms.
MANY OTHERS.
J. ' V. MATTESON, Fruitvale ave., near Ea»t
Fourteenth St., Fruitvale, Cal.
BRETTEVILLE & PRATT. Real Estate.
Corner Fruitvale ave. and Washington st.
$625 — A bargain; fine lot, 50x265; close to sta?-
tion and car line.
$1350— Modern cottage, 4 rooms and bath; close
to school and car line; J200 down, balance
to suit purchaser.
$1575 — Modern house, 4 -rooms, bath and gas:
close to station and car line; easy terms
If desired.
i -
> $1600^ — New 4-room cottage; bath and barn; lot
50x170; easy terms if desired.
$1900 — New 4-room house; bath and bam: fruit
trees and berries; fine well and city wa-
ter; close to car line and school; lot 75
xl83.
1 $2600 — A beautiful home; 1 acre of good soil;
fruit trees and flowers; cottage, 5 rooms
and bath: city water and good well:
chicken and pigeon houses; close In;
terms, part cash, balance to suit pur-
! • chaser.
$5200^ — An ideal home; beautiful modern house
of S rooms; porcelain bath; flowers In
abundance; 1 acre in bearing fruit trees;
j . decorated garden: chicken and pigeon ;
i house; 5000-gallon tank and tankhouse;
stable, etc.: 2 1-3 acres in all: this is a
bargain: $3000 cash, balance "V4 per cent
bank loan.
BRETTEVILLE & PRATT, Real Estate,
Fruitvale ave. and Washington et.
FARMS! FARMS! FARMS!
STOCK RANCHES! STOCK RANCHES!
60,000 acres; Northern California; fenced; well
watered; fine timber and winter range.
19,600 acres; fenced; buildings, windmills,
tanks and tank houses; price $250,000.
8120 -acres; 200 choice; price $45,000.
4S0 acres; Improved: near Red Bluff; buildings;
, tome bottom (see photos); $4800; terms.
t 76 acres. 6 miles east of Redding; 40 bottom;
oak timber; county road; price $1000.
10-acre tracts; tame district; $15O.
4 0- acre tracts; same district; $400.
; 240 acres; heavy oak timber and -water; $1250.
! 90 acres; with water ditch; $400.
; 20 acres; with water ditch; 8250.
! C40 acres; oaks and water; $2600.
The above lands are In the gold district and
will pay to work a dredger (good soil).
320 acres; Santa Cruz County; an old farm
taken on mortgage; easy terms; only $1250
I 320 acres; near Portervllle; Improved ;. $2100.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO..
Fruitva'le.
Phone Ash 587. Alameda County. Cal.
_______________ ¦ « i
IT. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$1500— Good 4-room cottage; hall, bath, sewer-
age and good plumbing, etc; lot 60x122:0,
with lS-foot alley In rear; near station;
equity Bold; flat loan can remain.
$1050 — Business corner on East Fourteenth St.,
with 2-room cottage; lot 53:6x119; a bar-
gain. , .
$1650 — Beautiful modern cottage of 4 rooms;
Just finished; bath, hall, high basement,
bay-window; cement sidewalks and walks;
lot 34x102; convenient to local trains and
street cars; easy terms.
$1700— Nice 4-room cottage: colonial style;
modern conveniences; lot COxlOO; chicken
houses; 3 blocks from local station.
$107tP-Flne S-room cottage; hall, bath, base-
ment, etc.: close to East Oakland Sta-
tion. This Is a snap.
$2450— New modern 6-room cottage; bath, etc.;
lot 60x180; half block from Fruitvale ave.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.".
$760— CHICKEN ranch. 450 chickens, horse
and buggy: also spring wagon, Incubator,
brooders, tools of all descriptions: fine
new furniture for C rooms; good 5-room
cottage ; 3* acres of land: 'plenty of fruit;
cottage and land for rent at $12 per month.
$1000 — Cottage, 8 rooms; lot 50x200; close to
train.
$4750 — A good Investment; 8 flats in good
location; will rent for $72 per month;
close to train and cars; don't fall to see
thl_. . -
$1100^ — Neat 4-room cottage, with bath, fruit
and flowers; an Ideal home; one block
from car line.
$950— 4-room housa In Fruitvale; large lot;
close to train and cars.
¦ Apply to ALAMBDA LAND CO.,-
1151 23d Ave.. Eaat Oakland.
IXCAL ESTATE Country — For Sal*.
FOR 6ALE-4S00; i_ acres cf well Improved
land la Ban Jcaquia County; 9 acre* bottonx
land.
For sale— $600; 10 acres of fine young vine-
yard, planted last spring; Sacramento County;
cioae to school
For sal* — $400; 10 acres of fine table and
wine grape land; Eacra-iecto County; near
pchool.
Kcr rent— V4 cf the crop; fan_l__: lands la
Faorfcraecto County; €40 acres up.
For rent— $400; for tins cf years, dairy
ranch of 140 acres; well Improved; San Joaquia
County; half bottom land
For sale — Cheap dairy ranch near creamery;
120 acres; 60 acres bottom land. __
Ca'.l on QUIGGLE 723 Market et.. WHIT-
AKER & RAY CO..
Houre 9 to 10 a. m.. 12 to 1. and 4 to 6 p. m.,
Or address box 15. Gait. CaX
FRUIT cad poultry larm: 4» acres; Sonoma
County: 40 miles from San Francisco; 3
mlJes irom Peialuma, .
2(KK) lull bearing fruit trees: this year's
crop; cherries. 20.500 lbs: Crawford peaches.
30O0 Ibe; Bartlett pears. 6000 H*: plums,
CiOO lbs; apples, 4000 boxes; 3 acres aspar-
afrus.
1200 hens, 7 pens fancy fowls, horses. Jer-
sey oows and heifers, iarpe bam. fruit
liouFfs. chicken houses, brooders, Incubators.
»asons. harness, faming and orchard out-
fit complete and modern; dwelling house or
11 roonjs, shade groves, lawns and garden;
ah«r:da:<r water.
This year> net income $1000.
Ari'!y to L. E. THOMPSON, owner. 453
. Parrott bl3g.. Ean Francisca, or Petaluma,
Cal.
FOR POULTRT RANCHES.
FOR APPLE ORCHARD.
Fter berry. b»an f.irar beet farm come to
Pajaro Valley. CaL
No winds cr frosts. No lrrlgaticn needed.
Send for catalogue.
R.. P. QUINN. Real Estate. f>"m 25 Chronicle
buildliiK. or Watsonvllle. Cal.
$1000— NAPA RANCH at a BARGAIN: 13
a*r« close to the town; part s«t out in
fruit; balance In chicken and farming
jiurposes: por>d house; barn, outbuildings,
u-indtni!!: eWfthi&C needed; ranch cheap.
VrEWEN BBOfly. 118 Montgomery gt.
F^R eale 20 acre*. 3 miles from town and I
r«ilrocd «fatior: 12 acres bearing vineyard. I
B acres bench-grafted res'.Ftant vine*: house. ,
h.trn ar.d nell; inecme last year $1400; a ;
pood crop; I horce and ail tools go; price ;
S^D" Box 111. Scbattopcl. Cal.
j.ir,,ono oo !
On» of the loveliest homes in California |
<Snnorea Co.): SO acres; all In choice fruit;
bu!i<l:ng* coet $T(Vm
MOSSMAN. £50 Market st.
A HOME— $2 r<?r acre cash. 60 cents per acre i
per ror,r.th buys 2(>-acre homes in Buena i
list- Colony at total coet of $20 per acre, i
P. H. JORDAN &:' CO.. 116 Montgomery st. i
ALFALFA lands, etock ranches, orchards.
vtneyardE; Inspected bargain*; monthly cata-
logue tent Jree. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «45
Market st. ___^ '
s? ft. 000 — to ACRE? gord healthy vineyard near i
Liverrr.rr*-. SILAS C. WRIGHT. Llvermore. I
WANTED to rer.t a place for raising chickens
and vegetsties. Bex 43SS. Call cifice.
CLASSIFIED a3\erusr:r.enu and eubecrtcuons
r*c«"iv<?d at <"al! brar.rh offlre. 2200 Fill— ore.
-<i: *1. ESTATES TO EXCHANGE-
ALFALFA our fpeclalty; best alfalfa land at
$2'> p*r acre; ditch snd artesian water. P. H. !
JORDAN CO.. 11C Montgomery ft.
RKAL estate to exchange; free printed list.
Pacific Coast Ex. Bureau. 850 Muket st.
PHYSIC1AIVS AAD SIRGEO>9.
DR. C. C. O' DONNE-LI— - Office and residence.
: ::-. Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
:,:.'¦•;¦ •¦>¦:-. and rectal diseases a specialty.
PH. BALL. 1073i_ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treats a!! eiseases of the human body; for
pa*t four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 067 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
VH. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tai. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use cf herb* ar.d teas. 727 Washington St.
WONG WOO. ;he famous herb doctor — All dls-
ftfw cu^ed by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AHMKDA REAL ESTATE.
TWO Ni:U" RAILROAD STSTEMS APPLT-
i.NO FOR CONNECTIONS IN ALAMEDA.
EVERYTHING BOOMING NOW.
NOW IS THE TIME TO PURCHASE PROP- !
tKTV THAT WILL ENHANCE 25 PER
CENT IN VALUE BEFORE THE
NEW YEAR.
_
ALAMEDA IS THE PRETTIEST RESI-
DENCE CITY ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
BUT WHILE YOU HAVE THE OPPORTU-
NITY.
WRITE US CONCERNING TOUR WANTS.
IF YOU WANT TO FELL LIST TOUR
PROPERTY WITH US.
THE LARGEST AND BEST EQUIPPED
AGENCY IN THE CITY.
SPACE PROHIBITS ENUMERATING. BUT
BELOW WILL BE FOUND A LIST OF
SOME GENUINE BARGAINS.
READ VERY CAREFULLT.
HIM OUT 5-rocm cottage: can sell this on
tai-y terms.
¦ - - — Modern cottage of 5 rooms; porcelain
bath; a 6na_i.
$20t«i — This Is a well-appointed house of 7
room*; porcelain bath; right between the
lailr'iaus tind 6<-iiocls; near station; lot
4<jxlZ><>; putt ne*- this and you will know
that it is the t«?f-t buy you ever eaw.
I37S0 — Beautiful ottage of 8 rooms; on Santa \
CJara awe; just the home for you.
$-Vam— Beautiful home; almost new; &-room
house: everything ui> to date: sunny;
good view; can be Itought for $500 down.
ba.Iu.v- on e_ey monthly payments.
{¦_."'•— Swell modern cottage of 6 rooms; nice i
lot; swrll location; on Mozart st. •
jr,(d» — An artistic, cczy heme; built for the
owner; contains 6 rocnr^; sun all day;
near Chestnut-rt. Station; is cheap for
the money; nearly new.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park St..
I Alameda.
PIJOPOSED NEW MODERN ELECTRIC STS-
TEM FOR ALAMEDA.
PURCHASE A HOME. GREAT BARGAIN.
WE CONTROL THE GREATEST BARGAINS
EVER OFFERED.
A SAVING OF 20 PER CENT GUARANTEED.
HOMES AT ALL PRICES. LOTS SACRI-
FICED.
rCOPERTT ON THE INCREASE. NEW '
FERRY .SYSTEM.
$1700— Nice 5-rocra cottage; lot 35x100.
$1650— Fine cottage, 6 rooms and bath; large
$2250 — Ideal cwxSern home; corner lot; a snap.
1
f2C00— Beautiful lot, 5CxlM>; cottage, 5 rooms
and bath.
$2WG — Foreclose; modern home; 7 rooms and
bath; larse lot.
S ¦..-¦••' — Very desirable 7-rocm house and bath;
$4250— fi-rocm house, built 1 year; Grand st.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES. WITH CHOICE LOTS,
IN IDKAL LOCATIONS. FROM f«0O UP.
HOMES BUILT, RENTED AND EX-
CHANGED. NO BETTER STREETS, NO
FiNEK CLIMATE. KO CITT IN THE
WORLD WITH A POPULATION OF" 20.000
THAT OFFERS THE ADVANTAGES THAT
ALAMEDA DOES.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
1S00 Park St., Alameda.
Telephone Grand 14C1.
' DELANOY & RANDLETT.
Have You Seen Our New Bungalow?
Beit iething Unique Rnd Elegant. Nothing
Like It on Thi* Side of the Bay.
Only a few lots left In our bay side tract,
on which we win build you any style of a
houee you may detlre; ea*y terms.
$000 — Fine 10-room modern bouse; north side
of Central avenue, near Willow; lot &0x
_"'7; houee could not be built for the price
asked for the entire property.
DELANOT & RANDLETT.
123ti Park rt.., Alaraed^.
$1COO — 5-room cottage, bath. gas. 8 blocks
from etation; rents ror $15; lot S3 1-8x100.
$3500 — New modern 7-room bouse; lot 89x140;
terms to suit. .
$3750— Elegant S-rocra cottage; oak floors; two
<= porcelain baths, two toilets; lot 76x110;
«.» t $6500.
V7. R :. CONGER * CO..
X601 Park •_. Ala-ied-.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATH.
A. S. BNYDER, . i
Real Eetata Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
List your houses for sals here.
$2000Aa. beautiful new cottage on 26th ave.:
close to 2 car lines; In fine location and
splendid neighborhood; can be had on i
easy terms. . 8S-29
$2000— A good cottage, 5 rooms and bath, on
-. 5th st.,' near Linden; convenient to trains
and factory district. . .
$2100—86x100; 6 rooms and bath: fruit trees;
car line soon to pass property; will rent
now for $17 50; better investigate this
Shafter-ave. cottage. 63-38
$2250— Best offering In East Oakland; a good
2-story 7-room house with bath, with lot
40x150; on Ninth ave., near East 18th st.
and East 16th st. car line. 07-34
$2300 — A good cottage' on Genoa st., near
, 58th ;. convenient to new ferry line; also
to local train at Adeline station at 60th
St.; gas and electric fixtures; lot 40x125.
70-29
$2500 — A large lot, 75x133, on Magnolia, ' near
32d st., with an old house of 7 rooms;
will trade for San Joaquin County prop-
erty; here is a chance for a speculator. ¦
13-11
$2500— Buy this lot. 50x120. on Elm st., with a
• good high basement cottage, 5 rooms and
bath, and then build another cottage
alongside and rent one and live In the
other; good Investment. 47-34
$2500 — A tiptop place on Echo ave., with fruit
and flowers: fine view and good climate;
a 2-story house. 7 rooms and bath und a
nice big lot, 40x153. C3-18
$250O-*J8th-ft. home; new story and half
house. 5 rooms and bath: lot 41x145:
street work done and very convenient new
ferry car line. ¦ GO-13
See all city papers for different lists.
Place your property for sals here— buyers
numerous.
A. J. BNTDER,
467 Ninth St.,
Oakland. Cal.
TAYLOR BROS, ft CO^
Real Estate Agents.
Flre Insurance and Financial Agents.
Telephone Cedar 351. 1230 Broadway. Oakland.
INVESTMENT— INCOME PROPERTY.
WHY HOLD YOUR MON'EY AT 3U PER
CENT WITH THK SAVINGS BANK WHEN
YOU CAN INVEST IT SO A3 TO PAY OVER
10 PER CENT PER ANNUM NET AND ON
PBOPERTIES ADVANCING IN VALUE?
LOOK CAREFULLY AT THE FOLLOWING
AJs'D
CALL ON US.
$4.000— Flats on West St.; income over $500
per annum.
$4,000-»-Grove st. property; income $480 per
annum.
$5,250— Flats: Alice st.; Income $C0O per an-
num.
$3,500— Flats; 12th st.; income $600 per an-
num.
$C,750 — Flats; Telegraph ave.; Income $670 per
annum.
$S,500 — Flats; Grove St.; Income $1250 per an-
num.
$10,000— Flats with vacant frontage. 100x100
feet. The present buildings can bo im-
proved at $1000 expense so as to bring
$1800 per annum.
$7500 — Business property, between Washington
and Broadway: ©resent Income $720 per
annum. Cheap at $10,000. . .
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
1236 Broadway, Oakland.
' ' ' *
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT.
10C0 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
SPECIALS. SPECIALS. SPECIALS.
fl350 — Artistic bungalow cottage: 3 large rooms,
bath, etc., with 1 room for 2 extra rooms;'
1 high basement; commanding fine view;
nearly new; terms If desired.
013.V
$2000— Cottage, m story; artistic and well
constructed: 5 rooms, bath, etc.; every
moiern idea for comfort: sunny: easy
walk to broad gauge local; Al location
and surroundings; terms if desired.
$2750— House, 7 rooms, bath; thoroughly mod-
i em; nearly new; fine location and sur-
roundings; on car line; near Clinton sta-
tion; this price remarkably low; for quick
sale. ¦
"in the Mosfwood Tract" — Homes ranging
from JV750 to $4000: small payment, balance
same ns rent; open for inspection Sunday af-
ternoon.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
100x105; Twenty-fourth St.: $1600.
107x170; Broadway; ?2000.
33:4x100; 27thi near Tel. ave.; $1000.
100x133; near Santa Fe depot; $400.
0607
45x113; Grove St.: $675.
— — S F — —
40x120; Latham Terrace; $375.
L. t.
We have a very large list of properties.
Will build to suit your ideas, on easy terms
any location.
Call and see plans and prices.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT,
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$8000 — A FIRST-CLASS lodging or apartment
hotel. 60 rooms; fine corner; central; doing a
paying business from $300 to $600 net per
month: any. parties meaning business we
will show the property; if not aa represented
pay any expenses incurred; must be sold on
account of ill health of owner.
THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, - Oakland.
i ¦ . _ ; '
¦ ' .
$4.100 — MODERN flats, 0 and 6 rooms, central
to Broadway; rents J47 50 month; lately
built and all modern.
THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, , Oakland.
$1500— COZY 4-room cottage; bath, and lot
sunny side of street; easy terms; in walking
distance to Fourteenth and Broadway.
: ' THE ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
" TWO SPECIAL BARGAINS.
A beautiful home in Fruitvale, commanding
one of the beat views In Alameda County. An
abundance of fruit trees, modern house, con-
taining 0 rooms, bath and 2 reception -halls.
New barn; windmill and tank of 5000 gallons
capacity. To make a quick sale this prop-
erty is now onTered for $4000.00.
Administrator's sale. 160 acres of the best
¦ grain land In San Joaquin Valley. Good res-
idence barn, windmill and tank. Worth
twice the asking price of $3500.00. .
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY,
Oakland Office — No. 1016 Broadway.
Ban Francisco Office— Room 32 2d floor,
Mills Building, S. F.
JEt-SIE JONES TRACT. ~~~
Lots $50 each, $S cash, $5 monthly. It Is
seldom you find such property for the money;
100x100 for $200; our new tract Jessie Jones,
and It's a beauty. Come and see it.
$75. $5 cash, $5 monthly; as level as a pancake;
and the good Is there. Size 25x100, or any other
size you may wish for up to 26 acres. Jessie
Jones tract, fronting on High st. boulevard, 00
feet wide, adjoining East Oakland; soil the
best; view Is grand; no fogs nor raw winds;
near car and school: a dellghftul hom« cite.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. opp.
Broadway station. Oakland. Carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, owner. * •--.--. .
A PLEASANT ' modern home of 9 rooms and
bath; choice neighborhood: handy to cars arra
local trains; nice elevated grounds; -a bar-
gain; Oder wanted. OWNER, 1227 Adeline
street, Oakland. •
BAROAIN^Neariy new, modern cottage, 6
rooms; high basement; brick foundation; por-
celain bath; -sanitary plumbing; lot 33:4x
150: -fine .garden: fruit trees, in bearing;
Kighth-ave. can pass door: $2100; : easy
terms - 1723 Eleventh ave.. East Oakland. :THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
42
\VANTEI>-.FE-tA_-8.
A COOK and housework girl; 3 in family. Peta-
luma, $30. fare paid, and see party here: a
cook for hospital, $25 and found; a chamber-
maid for hotel In city. $30 and'room. no
board; an assistant nurse, San Rafael, $20; a
second girl, 2 in family, Sauealito, $25; a
waitress for a commercial hotel in country,
$25. ¦ MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st, near
PoweU.
A GERMAN or Swiss woman as working
housekeeper for 2 gentlemen In city, $30.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell.
A FRENCH nursery governess for city place,
best of wages; also a German nursery gov-
erness for city best of .wages: a maid and
seamstress. $30; a nurse for baby, $20. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
A— TWO waitresses for same hotel in Arizona,
* $25, fare paid and eee party in town. MIS3
?PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st, near Powell.
AN Irish Catholic nurse for 2 children. $35,
must have references; a cook. 3 In family,
530; a second girl for small family In city,
$25; a cook for. small boarding-house, $35 >a
nurse for 1 Infant, $20. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St.. near Powell. ;
WANTED— Cook, email. hotel, country, $40; 4
cooks, $35-?30: housework. 2 family, $30; 4
second girls, $35-$30; parlormaid. San Jose.
$30; chambermaid and waiting, country ho-
tels, $20-$25; waitress, Monterey. ¦ $25; 4
nursegirls, $15-$20-$25; colored cook for -stu-
dents, $30, no washing; second girl, Oak-
land, $25; 2 waitresses, mining camp, $25;
. man. and wife, vineyard, $50; French curse,
$25, and a large number, of bouseglrls In
both city and country at the best of wsges.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
HAIRDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
- guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary r. 13: maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn' all branches halrdreislng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket st, cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK) GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING:
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY: "APPLY AT ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
_ 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
- st. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE- OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'fl
FACTORIES. 82H FREMONT ST, AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bry-nt and Tenth.
— — — . * I
WANTED — Experienced- saleslady for notion
; department; experienced ealeslady for fancy
I goods department; ¦ references required.
BCHOENHOLZ BROS. _ CO.. 110-112 Sixth.
WANTED — A competent saleslady; one who
understands mat boards and binding- papen
preferred. SANBORN, VAIL _ CO.. 741
Market st
COMPETENT nursery maid; neat and willing;
some second work. Call 1441 Eaet Sixteenth
St., near Frultvale ave., Frultvale; carfare
. allowed.
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen dresses
and coats; rood pay; steady positron. 656
Mission St., 3d floor.
WANTED — Girl to assist In housework and
mind baby; German preferred. Call between
9 a. m. and 1 p. m., 367S 17th st
WANTED — A nurse to take full charge of a
2-yiar-old boy. Call Monday afternoon at
018 Leavenworth st
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
' to travel. Apply Girls Directory, Central
ave. and Waller st.
$5 PER 100 addressing envelopes; send dime
| for instructions; steady work. C. E. MILLER
_ CO., Ely bldg., Chicago^
WANTED — First-class cook: young woman
with references; wacea *30. Call Monday.
16&0 Folsom st, corner Thirteenth.
WANTED — Apprentices, to learn halrdresslng
and manicuring; paid while learning. Apply
tat HALE BROS.' '"
MIDDLE-AGED woman assist in housework;
small family. 530 Golden Gate ave.. 10 to
12 m. '
DRIVING gloce makers and banders and sllk-
ers; steady. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Sec-
ond st,
GIP.L for housework and plain cooking in fam-
ily of 4 adults; wages $15 to $20. Apply 1837
Webster st.
WANTED — Younsr Klrl for Alameda to assist
with light houeework; 2 In family. Apply
1S02 Turk st. :
WANTED — A bright, tactful woman of attract-
ive personality for Important commercial po-
sition. Box 4668, Call office^
A BRItiHT. tactful woman residing in Oakland
or Alameda for remunerative position. Box
40GO. Call office. '
GIRL to do Hpht housework; good wages; easy
place. 662 Ninth ave., near C Bt, Richmond
district.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay; steady position. 656 Mission st. 3d floor.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; $7 per week. 1071 Market et.
EXPERIENCED girls for candy store. Call
485 Valencia st.
WANTED — Experienced lace saleswoman. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
tVANTED — Hairdresser and manicure. Apply
at HALE BROS.' . •
A WOMAN experienced In teaching to change
occupation. Box 4687. Call office.
COMPETENT second girl; Scandinavian or
German. 1034 Mission st
COMPETENT cook for institution. 2344 Sut-
ter st.
GIRL, for general housework; plain cook; $20
to $25. 1612 Twelfth st.. Oakland.
GIRL for light up6tairs work. Apply 502 Ful-
ton st.
JAPANESE girl for housework and care of ln-
' fant. 4217 Webster st.
REFINED young woman for companion and
secretary; ojie fond of children; plain sewer;
musical; sleep at home; salary $40 month;
Bive phone. . Box 4000. *•)
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON". 477
ard 478. Parrott building. '. ,
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
t«rra» easy. 81t» O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Neu.
GIRL wanted for sreneral housework. • 1907
Lyon St.; good wages.
WANTED— Women to work In cannery. Apply
Webster st, near McAllister.
AN active clrl to' attend candy store. 1152
.Valencia st. - " ; " )
PICK HOPS — Reduced rate tickets now on sale;
parties leave dally, beginning August 10; crop
heavy; picking easy. Call or write E. CLEM-
ENS HORST CO., 122 Battery St., a F.
WANTED— Bodice and sleeve hand; none but
experienced need apply. Dressmaking de-
partment. White House. •-¦•-.
NEAT young girl for. general housework and
. cooking; good wages. Apply 2116 Califor-
nia
GIRL for general houeework; wages $25. J.
STANCE, 933 York st ¦ '
YOUNG German clrl for housework and plain
cooking. 2153 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
YOUNG e-lrl assist with housework and chll-
dren. 1020 Bryant, over store. . .'
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for $5: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
. Eve. School only. 143 Stockton at. rm. 13.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
¦ to travel; Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. , *V<"
WANTED— Lady as business agent; stout pre-
- f erred; good salary. Box 4640. Call.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
, 5^4 Kearny Bt. room. 17. top flcor.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- - subscriptions - has been established at 1096
:. Valencia st."' \ -- .- . :
WASTED— MALE.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, -26 Montgomery, r 12.
Elevator boy. $15;. night waiter. $40; porter
. $25: office open' Sunday, . 0 to lla. m.
,WANTED-^-Educated young man or woman to
learn our business and 'take responsible and
permanent position as soon as qualified* city
references required. STODDARD LEC-
TURES. 210 Examiner building. : '
WANTED— Experience- ' calendar salesmen'
a commission ; swellest > line ; calendars and
¦; novelties; plenty good territory; don't write
-? without-; experience: ¦¦references. ! Spotswood
Specialty-Co., Harrodsburg.Ky.
HELP "WANTED—MALE— Con.
Fireman, city planing mill. $S 25 day.
Boy for nursery, extra good Job. fare $1.
$20 and found.
Butcher, Merced County, $35 and found.
BEST WAGES AT . MURRAY _ READY.
BEST PLACES AT 634-636 Clay st
' THEY WANT YOU— NORTH.
- 96 laborers to lay track and ballast work.
JOT 50 month; railroad company's own work.
north, .
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st,
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st
Phone Mala 1181. cor. Leidesdorff. st
WE SHIP TO THE FOLLOWING PLACES:
To Willits, Uklah route, free fare; to Ari-
zona, stone cutters, free fare; to Oregon,
coal miners, free fare; to Caspar, big tun-
nel, free fare; to big tunnel, near city, free
fare; to Butte Co.. Chlco. boss here to-raor-
row (Monday), half fare; come see him.
Astoria. Or., close to Portland.
Very cheap fare. Fee $1.
Company work. No strike. No discount
25 laborers. $51 50 found.
25 rockmen, $59 found. _
Big crowd going to Astoria. Ax» yon.
Watch our ads in to-morrow (_Conday's>
papef The Job you want will be there. Call
and see us and get a free list of Jobs. Come
and r«ad our bulletin boards.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
620 Sacramento *t. Phona Mala 1191.
•WANTED First-class furniture man who un-
derstands polishing; also one thoroughly fa-
miliar with setting up stoves andworkabout
furniture. Apply JACKSON FURNITURE
CO.. 623 Twelfth st. Oakland.
TRAVELING salesmen to sell all classea retail
trade; business fully established: high priced
men investigate. Box 17. Detroit Mich.
WANTED — Good all-round man la second-
hand furniture store as salesman and gen-
eral hand; no others need apply. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
INSURANCE and other agents or business
man with capital and ability read my ad-
vertisement under business chances for a
State agent. JOHN J. DESMOND.
WANTED — At once. experienced traveling
salesman for Calif.: only high-grade men
need apply; bond required. Address draw-
er S.. Chicago. .
WANTED everywhere— Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc; no can-
vassing, good pay. Sun Advertising Bureau.
Chicago.
WANTED — In a wholesale dry goods hons-. a
strong young man to run electrio elevator;
one .with experience preferred : give refer-
ences. Address box 4686. Call office.
WWTED— Young man as entry clerk: must
be well recommended. Address EAKLY
HOURS. P. O. box 2099. San Francisco.
WANTED — Errand boys between 12 and 11
years old. Call between 9 and 10 a. m. Mon-
day. 43-53 Ellla st. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A MAN experienced In packing and shipping
goods. Apply the Whitaker Ray Co., 723
Market -t.
' DETECTIVES — Every locality, good salary;
experience unnecessary. International De-
tectlve Agency. Milwaukee. Wls.
MEN wanted everywhere \by advertisers) ttf dis-
tribute circulars, samples, tack sign*, etc;
good pay. Add. National Adv. Co.. Chicago.
WANTED— An office boy living with parents:
must know Spanish. Apply 419 California
¦t.. room 21. .
A. CHANCE for a Christian man to •tart with
the real estate business la the country. Bjx
4604. Call office. a
WANTED — A good salesman, one who under-
stands pictures preferred. SANBORN, VAIL
& CO.. 741 Market st.
WANTED — A scood. strong boy. $1 a day. Mu-
tual Label and Litho Co.. Second and Bryant.
WANTED— A good oysterrr.an. 212 O'Far-
rell st.
SHAPERMAN and stickerman wanted. Apply
210-212 Fremont st.
WANTED — An experienced bushelmaa. Apply
114A Ellla st.
BI'SHELMAN and presser. California Cloth-
lng Renovatory. 2S7 aFarreU et
WANTED — Office boy; wholesale house, Ap.-
ply Monday, 8 a./m.. 800 Fourth st.
BOY 17 or 18 years of age to work la factory;
good position to right party. 520 Market.
WANTED — At once. 2 errand boys, at JOE
ROSENBERG'S. 11 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Male cook; boarding-house. 1534
Kentucky st. .
BOY about 16. packing department: $•* BO start.
Apply PAUL RIEGER. 161 Flrat St.. S. F.
BEER tapper wanted at 10S3 Market street.
COPYING rf»rk wanted. Address hex 807, Call
office, Oakland. j
WANTED — An elevator boy. 29 Stockton
street.
WANTED — Two successful solicitor*, where
possibilities are great to earn from $200 to
$400 per month: past representative* of build-
ing and loan and life insurance companies
preferred; on favorable evidence of ability
and reliability moderate advances will be
made for expenses. Apply to T. W. GRIF-
FIN, between 2 and 4 p. m.. dally except
Sunday, room », 9 Powell st.
WANTED — Solicitors, men or women employed
preferred, write Investment contracts for us:
we pay liberal commission and furnish best
contract on the market: we are about to es-
tablish a new series here and want your
help. Write International Credit Company.
Txust bldg.. Lea Angeles. CaL
GOVERNMENT Civil Service examinations will
soon be held In every State: full Information
and sample questions free on request. Co-
lumbian Corres. College. Washington. D. C.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14, giving various po-
sitions, salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
College. Oakland. Cal.
TP.T our men's shoes, union made, at 91 p&.r;
foot- form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Errand boy In tailor store. 24
Phelan bide:.. 80« Market st. v
STRONG boy. about 15 years. HERMANN
SAFE FACTORY. 417 Sacramento st. =
BARBERS — For sale, neat shop; near City
.Hall; rent $12 50; price $75. a Box 4096. Call.
A GOOD underpresser on vests; a steady po-
sition to an experienced person; also a young
man to learn underpresslnz. Apply 3. N.
WOOD CO.. 27 Geary st.
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. -.'. WOOD Jk
CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED— Experienced drapery salesman.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. ra. at HA _tl
BRO3.' . m
PICK HOPS — Reduced rate ticketa now on sale:
parties leave daily, beginning August 10: crop
heavy, picking easy. Call or write E. CI_M-
ENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery st. 3. F.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or ortaoped:.
•hoes. $3 60; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
st.. Examiner building. 8 doors from __ xWeu
COATMAKER for country. REI33 BROS. &
CO.. 2- Sutfr at
ASSISTANT bookkeeper for wholesale house;
references required. Bex 43S6. Call.
WANTED— A man to work in fruit store. 1313
Stockton st.
THREE laborers, pick and sho-e4; 14th_av«.
and N st.. sooth; take Kentncky-st. car*.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
' good character; must speak, read and wrl*.*
—_gllsh* marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In ail parts of the world, on land ia our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations ia t-«
United States. Apply at recruitinjs effloe, 4O
Ellis st San Francisco, Cal.; 2224 N. Mala
¦t. Los Angeles, Cal.. and 401 K st. Sacra,
mento, Cal. ' .
WANTED — Laborers ; and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
-__ runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larg*
"rooms; 25c per night; $1 50 to S3 per week.
WANTED — First-class body makers on car-
riage work. Parrott Carriage Mfg. Co., Ixm
Angeles. Cal. : >
YOUNG man in tinshop learn trade; age IS
years. 533 Mission st. _
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition, la 3. ?.
B-rber School. 741A Howard »t ¦
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
50<J MEN to buy new and ?d-hand army ihoea. .
SOo up; soling cheap. 623 Howard >t. nr. Sth.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Po»t.O.A.R-
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 70O rooms. 35c night; reading room.;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 663 Mission at. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c 563 Mission st. bet. Ut and 24 sta.
. BUgTJnSSS CHANCES~-Contlnne-.;
FOR RENT — Rooming-house, partly furnished.
$40; cheap - rooming-house. .20 rooms/ $20;
new ¦ rooming-house. Just completed, $100;
fully 'furnished roadhouse. $40.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale— Comer grocery and' bar,' running 9
years,- with Improvements; a store and 2-
¦tory bouse, 6 rooms and bath; lot 2.5x100;
NW. cor. 21st and Douglass; sickness cause.
WANTED — Good corner saloon," downtown;
$1000 to $3000; no agents; must stand ibvestl-
gatlon. Address box 4692, Call office.'
HOME laundry, mining town, Shasta Co.. with
lot house; chickens; $350: might take part-
ner. HKNRY MARION, Winthrop. Cal.
$500 WANTED— Best Investment In State; will
_ stand the best investigation; Immediate. Box
4095. Call of flea. '- .
TOR sale — Good-paying laundry route. In-
qulre W. AIKEN. 3372 Mission st
RENT $1S; space to let for cigar stand. In-
quire 416 Dupont st .
$750— PARTNER wanted; old established whole-
sale fruit and produce business: business re-
quires more help; good chance. Box 4991, Call.
$375 BUYS paying corner saloon; good stock;
swell fixtures; safe, cash register; low rent;
make offer to-day; departure. 204 Fourth et
TAILORS — For sale, old established buahellng
ehop. Apply 1505 Market, off Van Ness.
RESTAURANT; rushing business; seating 62;
snap; no Sunday work; departure. 666
Fourth st. '
SAVINGS bank depositors— A gilt-edge S per
cent security In email lots. Address by mall,
HENRY BROCK. 731 Baker st j
$275 BUYS paying cigar store to-day; ,<(ew
stock; bargain; register; rent $15. 219 Third.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for sale In country
town. Address Box SOS, Call office, Oakland.
OUTSIDE route No, 4 this paper for sale.
* Inquire hardware store, 19th and Folsom sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisemerfts and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOK SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
S8 rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6500
67 rms.; apartments; Western Add; rent 260
Money loaned at 1 per cent. v
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
$450— HOUSE 12 furn. rooms, piano, sewing
machine inc.: rent $S5. 1533 Buchanan et
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT — 0 years' lease; 27' rooms; 6 pri-
vate baths; every room has telephone, wash-
stand, medicine chest with mirror; steam
heating throughout; all modern improve-
ments; opposite Olymplo Club. Apply 338
Post st.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
flcor, without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply B. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. ; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. S55-357 Tehama st : tel. South 40. :
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero at. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard;South 216
ADVANCK Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Eutter et:
tel. Main 394. GEO WAI.TQM & CO.. Preps.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 OoliVri Cat* nve.: telPnhon* East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
aliments of the feet cured; corns, bunions. eto.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, 916 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
¦ I
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made: !
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooron 9-10: tel. B5S0.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE for the rent — $12 CO per month. B
r. _ b. ; on Nevada ave.
$20 per month. 6 r. & b... 1243 Sancher st
$20 per month, 5 r. _ b., on 26th st. with
. a small payment down. Your friends. ¦ •
D. COFFIN _ CO.. 8303 Mission st
COTTAGE. 0 rooms and bath; rent $11; no chil-
dren. 186 Nevada ave., cor. Cortland ave.
COTTAGE. 3 large rooms and garden. 1011
Caroline st, bet. 24th and 25th.
BPmiTDALISM.
RETURNED. i
Mrs. J. J. Whitney, trance clairvoytnt
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk
st, room 2, first floor (Hotel Reglna). i,
MRS. WINCHESTER trance medium. 1600
Clay st., circles Sunday, 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m.
MRS. ELIZABETH HOLMES. 517 McAllister;
readings dally: circles Tues., Friday. 8 p. m.
ETHEL. CRINDL.E. materializing- seance. Sun-
day eve.; 50c. 1115 Post J>t, 8 o'clock sharp.
JOHN* SLATER'S test seance to-night at 8:15
sharp. Lower hall, 117 Larkin street.
MME. SWANSON, spiritual medium and caxd
reader. 17 Fourth st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1032 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HEUESMAN, circle Friday evening,
25c: sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
CL.AI R VO YAyTS. ¦
CASHMIRE,
THE "WIZARD OF THE" ORIENT.
Trance Clairvoyant Can Be Consulted on all
Affairs of Life."
Without Asking a Question Khe Will, tell You
What
YOU WANT TO KNOW— ADVICE THAT
WILL IX) YOU GOOD.
BUSINESS, LOVE. MARRIAGE.
Your past, present life and your entire future
and everything can be told by CASHMIRE. the
world eminent clairvoyant and spirit medium,
who Is the master of occult science and
psychic force. As a seeress and interpreter of
things hidden, MADAM CASHMIRE has no
equal; advice on busineai, speculation, all love
and domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels,
reunites the separated, tells whom you will
marry, how to win the man or woman" you
love, liow to overcome all enemies, gives full
secret how to control or influence any one you
love or meet: no charge unless you find her
superior to all others. •
She teaches clairvoyance and develops weak
mediums in from one to six months, bo you
can tell everything, including names.
If you are interested in bettering your condi-
tion in life, call at oncf. Don't delay. -
1007% Market St.. bet. 6th" and 7th.
A — CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE 52.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered ! Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; 1 promise
1 to tell you -whether husband, .wife or sweet-
heart is true or '-false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes 6peedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a m. to
8 p.m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 320 O'Farrell St., 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and . business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next E*i_mlner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives, an
accurate Oescriptlon of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not' satisfied In life,' or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel.' Black 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
! st. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10. a.
m. to 6 p.m.;' readings by mat! an satisfac-
tory as In person;. 3 questions answered, SI;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't rend currency. Stnd postofflce,
. Wfclls-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — MME.* PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future ;'
ladies, SOe; gents. $1; ,by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 BO. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A.' H. KVonenberg,. palmist,- clairvoyant,
card reader, will give & good reading. 10c, for
. a short time only; when others fail- try me to
convince yourself. 4(52 Franklin, near Grove.
XZREE — Your fortune, told; , nothing but the
truth; send 3 2-cent stamps and birth date.
- DR. BEST. 065. Chicago. ., - .
A — Mme.. Ravenna reads life,, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st. near Maritet.
MME. MARSEAU, clairvoyant and card . read-
er; love, business, marriage,*: 25cv 645 Minna.'
M. BELLE RUSSELL,: palmist, 55 Third st;
ladles, 50c; gents, $l; : hrs<- 10-9 (ex. Sunday).
MEETIKGS—SryPAY—Cw-ttn -* J»
MRS. WERMOUTH and Dr. Cowan's spiritual
meeting; S e. m. Odd Fellows bldg.. cor.
Seventh and Market sts. : ___
MRS. STODDARD'S seances. 10c; tests that
all can recognize; Son.. Tues.; sits. 278 Oth..
EARLE'S seance to-night 1082 Ellis St.. 250.
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night;
also evgs.. 10c; Monday. deveE clr. 148 6th.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SSSMcAillster-Mrs C. J.
Meyer; sit daily; test circle every night; 10c
KATIE HEUSSiiANN. 009 Market. Colanth
H»H. to-night; spiritual messages; free.
; JOHN SLATER'S kst eeanee to-night at 8:15
sharp. Lower hall. 117 Larkln st
W G KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c; sittings, 10 to 12 and .1 to 5.
COMING— PROF. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous psychic. ¦- * "• •
' ——»'»'— —^"^^^^
MEETING KOTICES.
GREAT Scotch gathering— Clan Fra- -fe
ht! p'.cnlo at Schuetzen Park AD- fJwSJ
MISSION' DAY, Sept. 9. This will _Zjar(X
be the outdoor event of the season;
new. novel and amusing events, in- __^Jj
eluding football and walking • 2l
matches, etc. ; dancing all day in the largest
pavilion on the Pacific Coast Tickets, in-
cluding R. R. fare. 60c: children. 25c.
WILLIAM CORMACK. Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
UNITED STATES Veteran Navy, Phelps
Squadron No 12, meets MONDAY EVEN-
INGS at 8 o'clock on board U. S. S.
Marian. Folsom No. 2; ellglbles Invited to
attend. .
A WEEK'S news for S.centa— The Weekly Call,
¦? 16 rages, in wrapper, for mailing, SI per year.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS — "Kings of the Queensberry Realm"
is a teller; gives an account of every heavy-
weight championship contest held in America
under the Queensberry rules, and a sketch
of every contestant who has taken part
therein; a comparison of old methods of box-
ins and training with those in vogue to-day;
also complete ring records of heavyweights;
elegantly illustrated. Write at once for ter-
ritory and terms to agents, RAND, Me-
NALLY & CO.. Chicago. 111.
WANTED — Man of ability, energy and push as
general agent for this company writing in-
vestment contracts; will establish office and
pay liberal salary and also commission to
good man. Write, giving references, expe-
rience. International Credit Co.. Trust bldg.,
Los Angeles, Cal.
BEGIN business fpr yourself; stop working for
other.?. We start you In profitable mall or-
der business at your home. Pleasant work;
immense profits; unlimited possibilities. Full
Information for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver. Colo.
"HOW to earn 5100 In thirty minutes"; no
canvassing; no celling; send name and ad-
dress to secretary, room 202, Spreckels An-
nex, San Francisco.
WANTED — 2 or S house to. house canvassers;
pood Dosltlon for first-class men. Apply at
1114 Waehintrton et., Oakland, bet 8 and 12
a. m. a room 3.
AGENTS make $20 to $75 weekly celling
Allen's Fountain Brush and Bath Outfit
Write Allen Mfg. Co.. Toledo, Ohio.
G. A. R. decorations ; headquarters for decora-
tors' and agents' materials; largest stock in
city. cr,S Mission st
AGENTS — A new money-maker. F. PERSON,
477 and 478 Parrott bldg.
AJAETMEKTS TOUT.
•'EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hoteJ. located on the north side of
Pine et-, between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
euperb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
&:0 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 2-room apartment consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay- window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas ranee, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this priCA.also includes Janitor ser-
vice night and dlr and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-day.
BKAUTII>TJL Haddon Hall. 981 Eddy st. bet
Franklin and Gough; a few high-grade fur-
nished and unfurnished apartments now to
be had; 4 rooms and bath; kitchens unusual-
ly large nnd have gas ranges; telephone in
each apartment; ga» and electric light; steam
and gas heat; watchman on duty all night;
elevator service day and night; ref. required.
__>__.TX-_2TF HOUSES.
THE VON NYDACIC, 873 Post— Unfurnished
apartments of 4 rooms and bat'i each, in-
cluding free Janitor and elevator service;
"hot and cold water throughout; rteam heat;
ocean water for baths; electricity; a poof
. garden and house system of phenes; sunny
and modern. For terms' apply on premises
or to SPECK & CO.. 607 Market st
THE MANHEIM, e82 Sutter st, bet Mason
and Taylor, odp. Golden Gate Hall — New
house, newly furnished, opened July 20, 1903;
electric lighting; private phone; open plumb-
ing; sunny rooms; direct car to ferry. Cliff
House and park.
ASTROLOGY.
Astrology taught, horoscopes cast Prof. Ray-
mond, bookstore,649 Ellis. By mall if desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE FREE— ALL LEGAL MATTERS. \
DIVORCE AND PROBATE CASES.
No pay in advance — No charge without
Success ; estates, attachments, damages.
R. C. ADAMS.
Rocm S16, third floor, Exa>niner building.
BOBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid"
rrn. 611; all cases, damages, estate*, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.) coneultatl^u
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evea_ogg by appointment Tel. R«d 3601.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost in merltorl-
cus caees, divorces, probate and all other law
caies: no fees In advance; open every even-
tag. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulcic.<jul-t;
. no charge without success: established IS yrs.
C. W. HOWE. 1122 i^arket et., opp. Hale's.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg-., 927 Mar-
ket et; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN _ AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg.. 503 California st.: tel. Main 727.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
TOUNO talking parrots, $5 each ;Germaj\ ilngim
canaries, $2; we will try to please rou;every-
thlng in our line at right prices. 1546 Market
> BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $1256; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; eEt_b. many years, and known as a
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C>. Kearny et.
A— $325: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Post st; rent $30; average daily receipts,
$1S; a bargain. R. G.^VILKE, 2UH Kearny.
ARE you trying to sell your business? Well.
See H. W. WILFORD.
Business Agent.
3 Taylor st.. corner Golden Gate ave.
I RESTAURANT— $000. RESTAURANT.
One of the best paying places in city; re-
ceipts average $40 cash daily; don't delay;
the best bargain ever offered.* WILFORD,
.1 Taylor st.
$500 CAPITA— with energry and references will
secure you California State agency for . a
long eetablifheti, prosperous, popular ona Hol-
lar a year New York Registry and Insur-
ance Co.; only one first-class State agent
¦wanted with business experience who can
manage canvassers and sub-agents; can make
S1500 to SMOUU year; profits self-duplicating
arid Increasing yearly. Apply to Eastern
agent, JOHN J. DESMOND, hours 1 to 3,
room fiOTi. California Hotel. S. F.
$20 EARNS $1000 '
IN ONE MONTH
This represents average profits for past 7
months; no oil wells, gold mines, stocks;
straightforward, honorable business proposi-
tion; coming from established corporation
with $100,000 capital: National Bank refer-
«>neeK. Write for particulars. STAR A CRES-
CEN'T CO.. --0-228 La Salle st.. Chicago.
WANTEDr-By a firm manufacturing: linen
goeds and carrying stock in New York, a
commission agent residing Jn San Francisco
who would sell th* Pacific Coast and east to
Denver: must have, knowledge of linens and
. have good references; person having already
a white goods account preferred. Apply, giv-
ing particulars, box 4603, Call office.
HAVE a good wholesale business; need more
capital; splendid chance; business well es-
tablished; would like to correepond with
principal with means who will take an ac-
tive part to extend same; best of credentials
given and required. Box 4670. Call.
A RESTAURANT — One-half interest for sale
at a great (sacrifice; owner must leave city
on account of sickness ; his Interest must be
sold this week. Call or address EDWARD
R. EL1ASSEN. Atty.-at-Law, Mutual Sav-
ings Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
REWARD $100 or more for permanent desir-
able position; reliable bookkeeper; good pen-
man; references; bonds; communications con-
fidential. 67 Dehon et.
' TOR sale — At Yountvllle, Cal., a 9-room road- ;
house and bar, ¦ furnished, piano • included;
owner wishes to go East. Address MRS. J.
E. COSTELLO, Yountville, Napa Co., v Cal.
FIRST-CLASS bowling alleys in lively bay
town for rent Address box 4638, Call. •
CHCBCH SERVICES.
' "' J 'i At Trinity. The Market
A Street Methodist Church.
*J w corner Sixteenth (Caetro-st
M Vfr. car line). John A, B. Wll-
*~&Ti*3?&*\. « cin - Pastor— 11 »~ m - * er '
jffkm rr^T't^ ninn; " ie McKinley Orplian-
3!'r_?*l_2iCB age choir sings; 7:45 p. m..
SHl#;S*_S'is the celebrated Philadelphia:
n UTWTHUfVft nri fc<i n _ lingers. Mr. and. Mrs.
Baker, •one serv'ce and eermon.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church corner Hayes and Buchanan -ts. —
Rev John Stephens, the pastor, wilt preach
at 11 a. m. on "The Glory of Zion." and In
the evening on "The Greatest Issue Before
the People." Reception of members at the
morning rervice. tjunday-sihool at 1^-SO
p m.. C. B. Perkins, superintendent: EP-
n-orth Leaeti* at 6:45 p. m.. Dr. Robert O.
Moody, presiderit _____
CENTRAL Church (Methodist Episcopal),
Mission rt.. between Sixth and Seventh-
Pastors. Arthur H. Brigrrs and Herbert F.
Briers; 9:30 a. m.. Sabbath-school. Rolla ,
V Watt, superintendent; 11 a. ro.. morning
Mrviee, special music; anthem. "From
Egypt's Bondage Come" (Page), choir: con-
tralto solo, "O Rest Thee In the Lord
• Mendelssohn). Mis* Loga Tooley. Sermon
l.y Rev. Clarence Heed, pastor of California-
street Church, subject. "The Christian's In-
heritance"; «:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian
Kndeavor: 7:30 r>. m.. concert. Prcgramme^ —
March. "Processional" (Tracy), orchestra;
tenor solo, "The Sinrfng in God's Acres
(Brackett), Horace Har.na; overture, "Th«
Amazon" (Keisler). orchestra: violin solo,
•¦The Prize Song," from "Die Melsterslnger
< Warner), Charles E. Robson; recessional.
"March" (Gounod), orchestra; 8 p. m., ser-
mon by Herbert F. BriEES. The seats are
free. The people are welcome. On Tues-
day, August 11. Dr. Adrian Hofmeyer will
rive fcls great lecture. "Cecil Rhodes, the
E— jpire Builder." in Central Church. There
¦will be no charte for admission.
HAMILTON Methodist Episcopal Church. Wal-
ler and Belvedere sts.. Rev. Charles Osborn
Oxnam. .pastor — Special dedicatory service
at 10:30 a. m.. eermon by the Right Rev.
John A. Hamilton, resident Bishop of Cali-
fornia; 2:30 p. nv, sen-ice in charge of Ep-
•n-orth League Alliance, Charles H. J. Tru-
man presiding; sermon by Dr. E. R. Dille:
8 p. ro.. tervice with address by Bishop
Hamilton, eerraon by Dr. W. W. Case;
special music. Cordial invitation.
CALIFORNIA Street Methodist Church, cor-
ner California and Broderick Et*. — Rev.
Arthur i H Briggs, D.D., will preach at 11
s. m. subject. "Essential Christianity."
The subject of Rev. Clarence Iteed at 7:45
p. ra. will be "The Real Christ." J. H.
Hallowell. organist and chorister; 6unday-
f=chool. »:45 a. m. ; Epworth Lea«-ue, 6:45
p. m. Strangers are especially Ir.vited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
.Jackson and Fillmore street*— Rev. John
Hemphlll, D. D.. rastor. Morning eervice at
31 o'clock: sermon topic. "The Evolution of
the Idea of God's House." Evening service
at 7.: 45 o'clock; eermon topic. "A Beautiful
Ideej of Life." The pastor will preach -at
both Ben-ices. Sabbath echool at 9:30 a. ra.
Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:30 p. a.
Prayer meeting. Wednesday evening at 8
o'clock. All are ccrdi—tly Invited.
6T. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cal-
ifornia and Octavla sts.- Rev. George G.
Eldredge. pastor. Morning service at II
o'clock. Evening »»ervlce at 7:45 o'clock,
fiunflay-fchool at 9:45 a. m. Christian En-
deavor Society, vacation. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock.
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st.. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. pastor — Services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. The pastor will preach at both j
services. Sabbath-school. 12:30 p. m.; Chris-
tian Endeavor. «:15 p. m. Midweek service,
Wednesday ct 8 p. ra.. preacher. Rev. W. K.
Guthrie. All are cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN' Church OTirst). E.W. cor. Geary
and Franklin street* — Rev. Bradford Leav-
itt minister; Rev. Bradfcrd Leavitt and
« "har'-ps A. Murdock, eupts. of Sunday school.
The Sunday school is at 10 o'clock. The
morning sez-vice is at 11 o'clock. Junior
church at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt
will preach: subject, "The Roman Catholic
Church." MufIc by quartet, uader direction I
of H. Bretherick. organist. All are cordially
invited. There is no evening eervice.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth asd Capp streets — The Rev. Jay Wll- \
!iam" Hudson, minister; residence, 500 Capp i
street The Sunday school is at 9:45 o'clock.
W. C. Maxwell superintendent. The morning
fprvice is at 11 o'clock. Mr. Hudson will i
preach; subject. "The Religion of the Sea." |
Music by chair and orchestra, including
.Tables Clement, violinist, and Professor Wil-
liam Wertsch, cellist. All eeats free; no
evening eeniee.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St..
near Webster. Rev. I. C. Meserve, D.D.,
paetoi" — Services at 11 and 7:45. In the
morning the pastor will preach on the theme.
"Here We All Are." Mr. and Mrs. Baker.
the blind go«pel singers, will be present and
ring. In the evening the pastor will deliver
the first In a series of popular sermons in
illustration of the Flirt Psalm, his topic
being. "The Happy Man." ;
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet and 1
Mason sts. — R.ev. Georg-e C. Adams. D.D..
sartor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
Rev. H. C. Mlnton. D.D.. of Trenton, N. J..
will preach morning and evenins. All are
ccrdiaJly invited.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. — Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett D.D.. rector. Serv-
ices, holy communion. 7:30 _. m.; Sunday
school. &:30 a. m. ; morning- prayer and lit-
ar.y. 11 o'clock: evening prayer, 4 o'clock; i
Rev. Clefton .Macon will preach at both '
• sen-ices; all are welcome.
A GREAT ur.lon maes meeting for men only
vill be held thin afternoon at 3 o'clock in
the auditorium of the Young Men's Christian
Association. Mason and Ellis street. Rev.
~F~. K. Baker will speaJi on "A Toung Man's
Plan cf I-.lfe." and the blind singers irlll sing
several selection:;: all seate in the hall will
be free and all men are invited.
FIRFT Church of Christ. Scientist Central
block. 223 Futter Ft., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science eervice at 11 a. m.:
subject of leBson-eermon, "Soul." Euuday
*M-hoo! for children at the cams hour;
¦Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock:
Tree reading room. 206 Kearny »t, rooms
509-510; all are welcome.
REV. WILLIAM RADER will preach at
l*rth t#rvices in the Third Congregational
Church. 15th st. near Mission. At 11 a. m.
"Learning to Live the Life of Contentment.' 1
At 7:45 p. m.. "The Church of the Future" —
rhall —• have one church and what -hall
be lta name?
THE Theosophical Society— Col. ,H. R. Olcott
president-founder; headquarters. Odd Fel-
lows' building; public lecture, 8 p. m.. by
Malcolm M. Morrison; subject "Man's Place
in the Universe." Lotw* Group at 11 a. m.
Study class. Thursday, 2:30 p. m.
THE Theoeophleal Society. Golden Gate Lodge
— Free public lecture every Sunday. 8 p. m..
Flood building. SOO Market et., subject to-
night. "Our Faculties; Their Possibilities
RRd Limitation*," by Mra. Alice M. Best.
HERMETIC Brotherhood— 509 Van Ness; open
mr-etin«r Thursday e\f.. 8 o'clock; lecture on
"Th- Birth of the Atom," by W. C. Bailey,
X. P. — T.- H. P.
/ SCXDAV LECTURES.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian CaBtle,
5>C9 Market st. Subject. "How to Li\-e," fol-
lowed by views of the world's great cathe-
drals; free tickets will be distributed for X-
Ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday even-
ing; remember the question box; music. *
DR. W. R. PRICE, of International fame as
orator, author, tscicntist and philosopher, lec-
tures under the ausrplcos of the Psychic Re-
search Society this evening- at 8:15 o'clock.
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building; sub-
ject. "Suggestive Theraputics." with psychic
demonstrations; admission. 10c.
J. J. MORSE. England's leading Spiritualist
lecturer, now on world tour, lectures to-night
at 8 o'clock in Welcome Hall. Odd Fellows'
huiMing; first of 5 nights only; subject. "The
Higher Aspect of Bpiritualtem"; admission
25c; full course. $1; solos. Florence Morse. '
PR. ALEXANDER J. McIVOR TTNDALL
drtlveri! popular psychological lecture to-
nlpht. Rtelnway Hall. 223 KutteV st. Sub-
ject. "Influence — Personal Magnetism." Tel-
epathy and thought-transferrence demon-
strations follow.
O. N. ORLOW, Ph. D. D., wlri~deilver a ieZ
ture In Golden Gate Hall (upstairs), €29 But-
ter et. this evening at S o'clock sharp; sub-
ject, "Marriage, and. Reincarnation"; piano
and vocal solo*: admission free. v
gWAMI TRIGCNATITA will deliver his sec-
ond lecture on "What Is Christ" to-night at
8 o' clock at 40 Steiner et; admission 25c;
Wdanta Society.
"LAWS of Vibration." by Thaddeus S. Fritz
of Forward Movement II a. m.. Occidental
Hall. Supreme Court bldg., Larkin and Mc-
Allister.
"NOV."' lecture. Henry. Harrison Brown,
• "Alms." Odd Fellows" bldg., 8 p.m.; music.
DR. PAYNE'S hypnotic entertainment. Golden
Gate Hall. «25 Suttrr st; 10c and 25c.
MEETIJ.5S SLVDAY.
A— TESTS: front hall. 909 Market; Miss Flor-
ence Morse of London.- Eng.. now touring the
world, inspirational lecturer and clain-oyant
•n-Jll Fpeak under auspices of Bible SrJrituai
church 11 a. m.. series 2. and 7:30. Mr. WJ1-
< eon. Mrs. Tobias. J..N. Young; 10c.
UnS. ELIZABETH DEURESS of the Los An-
geles School of Metaphysics will lecture this
evening in Golden Gate Hail at 8 sharp; sub-
ject. "WiiatIsX4fe?^__^djm"f_^onfree^ :
EPIRIT messages and tests: Covenant Hall,
CXSd Fellows* bldg.. 7th & Market. 8 o'clock;
mediums. Mrs." Lichtlg and Mrs. Holmes.
MME YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
aitfct,' 10c. 6UJ McAllister; come, skeptic*.
¦^5V^.? VOTA^ s^"'^?j^' r ..
MME. -WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents, 50c. 951 Mission st, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
. 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
COMING— PROF; FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
,mous psychlo. . . . • ,'
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26& Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c, gents SOo.
MRS. SHAFKR, clairvoyant . car, reader: sit-
tings dally. 44SK, Jessie st. bet. Oth and 6th.
¦ ¦ '' _ DENTISTS. ' . -_"'_'¦"
DR. LUDLUM HILL™1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
I — No charge for 'extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
GOLD filling, $1; silver, 50c; crowns, $2. Elite
Dental • Inst. . 838 Market; open evenings.
PARIS 'Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; flllings,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c, silver S5c. crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 969 Mission «t, cor. 6th.
UYEIKG AND CLEANING.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
| lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works, 3915 Sacramento; phone
lor wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
I : jtiPUCATIONAli.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting.
Opera and, Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest
. easiest, roost ! readable. . Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Poit, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, - touch . typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the U.ding business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course In all depart-
ments- handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
II IN MAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; est 20 years; 1412 Polk st., bet
Pine and California; adult class, now open;
children's class will open Sat. aft, Aug. 15.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln et.
"A thorough school" : positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
. to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.. mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,8.F.;fllls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
HEALD'S School of Mines _ Electrlclty.24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
R. H. WEBSTER, ex-Supt Schools, Business
College; reduced rates, r. 73, Chronicle, 4-5
' p. m.
A free scholarship, under private teacher for
pupil of talent; piano or comp. Box 4684,CalI.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipsio Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 348 Golden Gate.
AT Kingsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
. and burnt; work. 1184 Haight st, near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine St.. ..Night class
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint -
, Ing from Nature. CURRIER, 872 Sutter it
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Ml»slon.nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College. 1425 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpe.. $8 mo.
FLATS TO LET.
BRYANT. 321 — Corner; several flats. 4 and 5
rooms an,d bath; $6, $8. $12. Apply flat C,
on premises. CONTINENTAL BUILDING
AND LOAN ASSOCIATION. 301 California
et., 1 San Francisco, Cal.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free: -take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
et, on -the square.
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement;
half block from Market et.. within 13 min-
utes' rtde of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. 8943 Seventeenth at
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth sts.: new, sunny
v flat on corner, 1050 Noe gt; modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro-et. cars; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT modern fiat, 10 rooms, 2 baths: 841
Hyde st.. near Sutter. McAFEE BROTH-
ERS, IPS Montgomery St.
NEW modern middle and upper flats of 6 and
7 rooms; Just. completed; Pacific ave., near
Larkin st. Itrqulre 1455 Stockton st
LARGEST list of new flats and houses. Call
for printed list. LYON & HOAG, 116 Mont-
gomery st. .¦
NINETEENTH. 3970, near Noe — New flat 5
rooms; Just completed; latest improvements;
reasonable.
SACnAMENTO, 2850-2360— Swell, sunny X-
room flats; Just completed; seen to be appre-
ciated. * -
A BUNNY middle flat '6 rooms and bath. 1940
Page st.. between Stanyan and Shrader.
BAKER, 743-745-747 — Lower, middle, upper
fiats; p-6-7 r6oms; new, modern, eunny.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms and yard. 132
Rose ave., bet Gough and Octavia. nr. Mkt
EDDY, 1909, near Devlsadero— Fine, sunny,
modern flat: 7 rooms.
ELEGANT flat; 6 rooms, bath. 630 Golden
Gate ave., near Van Ness; modern; cheap.
FOURTEENTH. 136. near Howard— Upper rear
4 large rooms, bath; $18.
LIBERTY. 221~near Dolores-^-FIat of 5 rooms,
bath, cas; cheap rent. •"
NEW upper, 9 extra large r. & b., cor. Ful-
ton & Scott; fine view; sep. entrance; sunny.
NEW upper corner flat, 7 rooms and bath.
308 Church eh, one block from Market.
NICE 7-room flat: new; tinted; sunny, reason-
able. 447 Broderlck st. bet. Hayes and Fell.
NOE, 151 — Sunny corner flat; 3 bay-windows;
6-r2om« and bath: north of Market.
NORFOLK, E5'4, off FoJsom — Flat of 5 rooms;
rent $11. ,
PAGE. 1743, near Golden Gate Park— 3 new
flats; Just completed; 0 rooms and bath each.
POLK, 2500, cor Filbert— Lovely sunny corner
flat, 7 rooms; marine view; rent $35.
SACRAMENTO] 136b — Bay-window flat of 3
rooms; se.parate entrance; rent $12 50.
SUNNY upper flat, 5 rooms and bath; modern
improvements; rent reasonable. 20C Waller.
TO iet— Flat of four rooms; 1897/O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
TWO new flats of 6 and 3 rooms; sunny and
. modern. 474 "Waller Bt. ¦ ¦
VAN NESS and Union — 7 and 8 rooms; sunny,
modern and up to date; marine view.
4 NICE rooms, bath, toilet, yard, cellar, gas;
adults. 1017 Geary st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore «_.
\FLATS TO LET— UNFURNISHED.
SMALL, refined family can get a sunny fur-
nished flat in a most desirable locality rent
free for owner's board. Box 4997. Call.
FURNISHED Bunny flat. Call 1301 Leaven-
worth St., cor. Clay; references. , :¦:¦>
LARKIN, £27- — * - rooms and . bath ; gas range;
- $30. "¦ ¦- •¦- ¦¦-¦¦. ¦ -¦-¦ : ¦¦ ¦¦ -'¦ ¦ ¦ .
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
A NEWLY furnished flat of 5 rooms and
bath at a sacrifice; owner going: east: rent
$25. _¦ Call at 006 Oak st. 11 to 12 a. m. or
7:30 to 0- p.. m. : no dealers. ' ¦
SUNNY flat, . 7 rms. ; good i>lace- to rent rms.;
must be . sold: : bargain. 512% Leavenworth.
8-ROOM flat, furnished; must be sold at once.
Apply at -114 A Ellla st. ¦ :¦
, V . FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Between t Van * Ness,; Sacramento.
Powell and Market' on crosstown car pre-
• f erred, ' by gentleman and wife,' '¦ unfurnished
¦ "flat. 5 -rooms rand bath. In .small house; no
children, no , dog; best city ref-irences; own-
' era and asents answer, stating rent.' S, . T.
- E.. box 4600. Call office. . .' .
¦,.: KUKNITURE ; FOH SALE.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale very cheap;
flat to let: gas,' bath; and phone.- PATTER-
¦-•-' SON.-! 11\ City Hall square. • .-^ :.
FURNITURE! WANTED. V
A- "WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.'
: buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.'
HELP WAWTED— MALB— Cob. . . _
*;__'.,¦", OPEN TO-DAY
SUNDAY
MURRAY _ READY.
634-636 Clay et Phone Mala 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block long: 14 clerks employed
By our own printing plant we publish a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions. Get one.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know No Distinction Between Man ana
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We ship you . Free to one.
Free to-day. Free to all.
Ogden, Utah, All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiiaa Islands.
Santa Susana. Oregon.
San Fernando. Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America,
Arizona. Willits, Ukiah,
And All Points North. East, South,
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machina
men, corner and bench hands, muckers, chuck
" tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
track men, cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc,
$5. $4. $3 50, $3,r$2 50, $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. . Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY _ READY.
634 and 636 Clay st
MECHANICAL HELP~
68 blacksmiths. $3.
0 helpers. $2; 12 bench hands, $3 60.
6 carpenters. $3 to $4.'
Carriage makers. $4.
12 cooDers. lie barrel.
8 brick molders. $3 50: iron worker, country.
155 other mechanics, $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
155 Coal Miners.' Oregon. Free Fare
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Free Fare— 65 Men— Willits— Ukiah— To-day.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-639 CUy st
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS.
12 boys for a box factory: fare $5: $32 80 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BIG SHASTA LUMBER
LUMBER TRUST. SHASTA. TRUST.
15 laborers, general work, you'll suit, $72 60.
2 screw setters. $105.
2 off bearers. $S2 60.
10 cross-cutters for woods work, $60 and fd.
25 laborers to pile lumber, $82 50.
SPECIAL FARE. $5; STEADY. Good Jobs.
MURRAY - READY. 634-636 Clay st
$5,000,000 BANKING SYNDICATE.
25 men among fruits, etc.. fare $1, $26 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
$1 TO BUTTE— $1. ; . CHICO.
26 teamsters, laborers and axmen, $75.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st
WHERE ARE THEY?
86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FARE— FREE. .
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to $70
and found.
186 experienced mill and yard . men. $40 to
$150 and found.
3S3 woodsmen. $40 to $150 aad found.
Stickennen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers, trackmen. ' Line pullers.
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. . Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. . Gang edgermen.
Saw filers.
Pond men. band sawyers,- carriage doggers,
sorters, graders and peelers, chain tenders,
shingle packers, also Jointers, chute build-
ers, $40. $50 $60, $70. $80. $00, $100 to $150
month and found. )
SS6 wopdehoppers, tiemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. ' 634-630 Clay st
* NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks, FREE FARE.
155 Austrians. FREE FARE.
Board, yourselves; managers at our office:
see them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
" GOLD— SILVER. *
COPPER— COAL.
SPECIAL.
. 10 machine miners, large gold mining com-
pany. $90. »
. 186 miners, single and double hand: machina
men. muckers, tlmbermen. furnace men. etc.,
$86. $85 and $75 and found.
3S6 laborers, no experience required. $60, $73.
Fares from $1 50 to $5; many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
* 186 drillers, hammersmen. laborers, $30. $73
and $60.
For Jitables — 12 men. $60 to $75.
For farms — 125 men. $30. $35. $40 and found.
For orchards — 250 men.' $25. $30 and found.
For dairies — 65 men. $30, $35. $40 and found.
For chores — 39 men and boys. $30. $25. $20.
$15 and found.
For hay. harvest — 63 men. $1 CO. $2. $2 50
day and found.
36 fruit pickers. $26 and found.
LOOK!
36 teamsters., city $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
655 laborers, country. $2. $2 60 a day.
Coachmen gardeners private choremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
IS men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc.. $40, $50. $60. $70. $80
and found.
MURKAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC.
37 cooks, all over California. $90. $80. $73,
j $60. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels.
mines.! sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, paloon*. harvest outfits, etc; crisp
maker. $10; porter, city store. $4OJ second
cook. mine. $40; also waiter. $30; steward,
S50 and found.
¦ 18 waiters. $35. $40. $30 and found. I
30 pot and dish washers. $35. $30. $20 and fd.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers, $30 to $13 and found.
6 butchers $40. $50, $60. $30 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $18 week up.
6 bakers' helpers. $55. $40. $30 and found.
12 boys, learn trades.
We publish a free bulletin of labor dally,
containing 10.000 positions; get one.
MURRAY & READY.
634_e36 Clay st_
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
6 carpenters, 50c fare, all round men. steady
Job $90.
a carpenters, ranch, SOo fare, $3 day found.
•Carpenter as leader; also carpenter, same
place boss here. $4 and $3 day. 50c fare.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay st
GENERAL MANAGER
At our office to-day from Big Lumber Trust
TUOLUMNE COUNTY. FARE PAID.
25 laborers for mills, woods, etc., $60. $13
off for board, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
OREGON— FARE PAID TO-DAY.
25 woods and sawmill men.
SANTA BARBARA.
25 Italians, free fare.
LOOK! $1— THAT'S ALL.
684 men for extra and section work of S. P.
own work.
FREE FARE.
Sh!p on all trains. Better go. had you not?
MURRAY - READY. 634-636 Clay at.
" SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT '
MAIL, PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
Baker, city institution. $40 and found}
2 laborers to run car. mine. $1 40 day found
4 men about threshing outfit, fare $1-50, $40
and found.
Bedmaker, porter, bellboy, city hotel, $20 and
found up.
SPECIAL.
Also yard man. same plac* $25 and found*
2 carriage setters, boss here, $2 75 day and
board.
Blacksmith. Alturas. fare paid, $3 60 day
3 furnace men for mine. $3 fare, $73.
Assayer, old mine, boss here, BIG SALARY
Buttermaker, .also milker, north. $40 and 130'
and found.
Man run boring machine or crosscut saw-
yer, $2. - i
2 waiters, same hotel, fare $2, $30 found
Man and wife, ranch, boss here. $40 found
SPECIALLY GOOD.
10 teamsters. 10c fare, $40 and found.
2 hog butchers, $2 to $2 60 day.
Man and wife, both waiters, country S55 M
Wood turner, city mill, $3 to $3 50* das-
Cook, also dishwasher. Nevada. SSO found
Sheepherder. $30; milker. Slsklyou County
$35 and found, fare paid. . *'
15 fruit pickers. $30 and found.
Cook, boarding-house, mine town boss h#r»
$75 and found. " cr *'
3 car men for mine, extra good Job, $60. '
LOOK.
15 laborers about warehouse, fare $1 $3 da.v
Sandstone quarryman, boss here. S3 day un'
Blacksmith helper, agricultural works «•> a
- day. .
Cut-off sawyer, also wood turner, city mill
$2 25 a day up. ** **""•
2 boys, city, good Jobs, $5 and $6 week
Electrician, large scold mine. $00
Choreman. milk 2 cows, fare $1 50 $30 found
3 laborers for mine company, fare S2 6O %xk
and found. " ¦
Private family man. fare $1 20 $25 found
¦ FRESNO CO.— FARE PAID
.2 doggers. S. L. Co., boss here. $2 60 day.
2 off -bearers. S. L. Co.. boss here $2 25 dav
2 hook tenders, S L.C., boss here 1-25 day!
Shingle rawyer.N.L. Co., boss here. $3 day
2 shingle packers. N. L. Co.. boss here 7c M
2 hay balers, fare $1, 20c to 25c ton. *
• LOOK AGAIN.
. 2 brick burners, boss here, f 45 and found
3 brick wheelers, boss here. $35 and found.
2 brick setters,. boss here. $40 and found. *
Janitor for insurance office, city $33
Clerk; country merchandise store '
Clerk, night work, hotel, country. $30 found.
S"?^"- carp * nter « 50 ° fare - Pl-ln work.
$3 BO day.
Laundry man, fare paid, north, call to-day.THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
43
j HOUSES TO LIST.
A— PRINTED list cf houses to let: send for
\ citcular. G.H.UMBSEN A: CO.. 14 Montgomery
BEAUTIFUL 7-rocm residence. Sacramento st..
opjKjslte Lafayette square. Apply BOARD-
MAN BROS. & CO., 138 Montgomery *t.
A 9-ROOM house; finished basement; gardeto.
7S1 Cole st.
FINE house. Nineteenth St.. bet. Mission and
Valencia; grown family preferred.
UEKORE moving ret our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 25 Post ft.
BOPSRJI W'AXTKI).
WANTED-rWell furnished house. Western Ad-
dition, by family of three; responsible peo-
ple; no children ; willing to pay first-class
rent. Address R. D. S.. box 43. San Rafael.
" LOST A.VO 1'OUXD.
LOST — On Brannan. Second. Market or San-
some sts.. small cult case, containlns book
and papers. Return to room 78. Appraiser's
building. Sansome and Washington sts., Mon-
day; suitable reward.
LOST — Thursday evening, ritual Woman's Re-
lief O&rps, from- Pioneer Hall. Mission to
Twenty-third st. Return 3243 Twenty-third
ct. ; reward.
LOSt — Saturday. Aug. 8. small flat purse or
wallet, containing money. Finder rewarded
by returning to S59 Brannan st.. upstairs.
LOST — Gold bracelet, valued aa keepsake; re-
ward., 14U3 Golden Gate ave.
LOST — Black bitch, white undi»r breast, scar
on left leg. 3C8 Harriet tit.; reward.
IT will pay to "•Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. TH) Sutter St.. needs olii
roid and silver to make new u-atch cases.
MINGS AXI> 51IM.VG.
TONOPAH.
Tonopah mining claims, close In. Joining the
j town; best location; between claims on which
I development work is being done; the best prop-
erty that can be bought in the district at the
price. See owner here. 10 to 12 a. m.
PAUL P. AUSTIN.
Manager Country Department,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
CO Montgomery Ft., San Francisco.
A VALUABLE PROPERTY.
Investisate at once; it will pay you; "Vi-
foot led«e; a«i;:y value $4 13 to $83 10: de-
velopment nnw b«"lng rapidly pushed forward.
WYANDOTTK MINING AND MILLING
CO., 17 Chronicle bldg.; hours. 10 to 3 and
7 to 8.
TO FORM A COMPANY.
Call and s«-* the greatest dredger on earth;
! also control immense placer mine.
j E- V. GRANT. 4.O Parrott bldg.
LADY unable to handle high-grade mining
claims in '"allfornia wishes to sell or trade.
Box £0»1. fall office. Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ASSORTMENT of come upright bargains.
3 Chickering *150. $1S5, J235
1 Klmball. walnut upright, celluloid keys. $68
2 Emerson $185, $215
2 gtelnway $1&5. $J15
4 Heine $235 to $395
12 fquares $15 to $170
10 organs $10 to $75
Rents $2 up, allowed on purchase; install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $90 up; new
pianos from $117 ud. HKINE PIANO CO..
2.'!5-237 Geary et.; phone Main 5744.
$63— LEFT on sale; Fllsher upright piano. 237
Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party,
tiC; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vcse. Sterling, Jacobsen. Schwecb-
tcn, fcherwocd. Wener. Marshall &. Wendell,
Uatnes, Everett, Knabe and others; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20
O'Farrtil. No branches in San Francisco.
1 1'NTIL Aug. 17 we will Fell all pianos at spe-
cially low prices, then our regular low prices
will r»? resumed; take advantage of the*«
low Fiimmpr prices. THE ZENO MAUVA1S
MUSIC CO.. 7«3 Market st.
BAND instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gas Maiwaid. Agt. Pac. Coast, 278 O'Farrell;
skillful reralrii.g; 2d-hand instruments sold.
l^AUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
¦ perfect order: sacrifice. Keege's.285 O'Farrell.
Unrede^nrvl storaRp pianos and furniture dirt
ch^ap. Whltehead'p Storage, 1«36 Market.
A TiEW piano for sale cheap. Apply 661
Geary Et.
, Family sailing for Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Eteinway upright piano. 516 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and save SO per
cent. HORXUNO. 216 McAllister at.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.; largest
and cl<2»?t t lano bouse.
BEST' renting j lano In city for *3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 6C0 Hayes st.
BARGAIN; good upright; must be sold at
once. SCHMlTZ'fe CO.. 16 McAllister st.
ECHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. J27 Markrt *t.— .
Office to let; rent $15; light. h-;at. Janitor anJ
¦ telephone. ASHTO.V & OAHPl.N'ER.
TO rent--Magnlflr«»nt location for dentist's of-
fice. The Antlers, 415 Turk »t.
712 SANSOME st., near Jackson— Handsome
large itore; rent $28.
PERSONALS.
A GRAPHOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friends a present. Talking
machines and records or all makes ex-
changed. We are manufacturing headquar-
ters and cur guarantee means something,
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. 125 Oearjr
St.. S. F.. and 468 Thirteenth at.. Oakland^
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
-Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,,
smallpox plttlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved wlthcut cuttlng.maasage.electrlclty or
tnedlclse; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS, 371 Geary.
CENTRAL AMERICA— Manufacturer or mer-
chants who desire representation or intro-
duction of goods and who want to contribute
to expenses, may correspond with reliable
ftrty under "Central America" P. O. box
2C13. San Francisco.
ESTABLISHED 1SC6. KUESTER. the "Hair
Doctor." 1152 Franklin St.. Oakland— "All
defects," Including mange (irregular shaped !
epots); people Inoculated by afflicted animal ¦
touching garments; information for stamp; !
treat yourself.
WANTED— 777 ladles with, scalp diseases; loss
cf hair and premature grayness prevented.
(Can treat by mail. Blank for stamp.) Con-
»u! tat Ion free. 8:30 to 0; Sundays, 10 to 12.
Prof. "GEO. A. CARLOW, Specialist, room
218. 997 Market st." ___^__
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth ;stops falling ;cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp ;at druggists*, hairdressers' ;ae-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,3S5Geary.
ANNIE HORI, a lady riving- treatment to
ladles for rheumatism, baa her office at the
Golden Gate House, 620 Kearny St., room 10;
ehe speaks three languagea, German. Bo-
hemian and English.
RAG carpets wore to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In bank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st. Oakland.
NOT how cheap but how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard th« sewing-machine of to-day. J.
XV. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine,- cocaine -habit." Call or
v address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Butter ct.; fee moderate.
ALL wishing desirable acquaintances or In-
formation, ad. Mrs. Ford, Cal. Correspond-
ence Bureau. S3 City Hall ave.; details. 10c.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. - Howard
at., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than cost, uncalled for sulU, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Lon Jon
Tailor. 721 Market at.
ELEGANT euits on easy installments; 60 cents
nnd up per week. LEON LEMO3. 112T Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
THE highest price paid for ladies' or gents'
cast-off clothing ar.d all article! of value at
WEINBERG'S. 114A Ellis «ty '
CONTINUOUS health, strength and beauty for
20c. Address Health Co., Memphis, Tenn.
EUITS to order on Installments, $1 per week.
• Neuhaus & Co., merch.tallorB.727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles per. removed
by electric needle. Miss Dudley. 1702 Market.
ALL style? hair-dressing. 25e; hair goods; manl-
curlng 25c. O. LEDEREH. 123 Stockton St.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll'OMarket
MASQUERADE cortumes, play books, *>!*s,
; country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Al.FREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
¦~y hair to Its natural color; $1 . at all druggists.'
Superfluous hair & moles removed with elec-
. .trie n-e<H». Mr«..A Miss Katon. 1119 Sutter.'
s -yAL>iisT:»v. v
I4ME. DEV AS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist. Office, 20 Llebes bldg., 139 Post st; $1
.. palm reading a specialty; open Tuesday eve.
I PAIXTIXG. ETO.
.-ROOMS papered, 53 50 up; tinting, painting,
j Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel t Main 413
' ' PROPERTY WASTED. 1,
\ WANTED — Residence with marine view; cheap
for cash; from $12,000 to $15,000; owners.
Box 40S0. Call office. . *¦-
nooMS for housekeepix^q/
'HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly-, fur*
j ulehed. 1530 Polk st.
J FOURTH, 225 — A nice large housekeeping
room; also single. . -
GOLDEN GATE ave.. N47— Very desirable front
tulte; . private family; opposite Jefferson
Square.
j HOWARD, 1003—2 sunny front connecting
i completely furnished housekpg rooms; others.
HOWARD, 1811—2 light sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; gas; water; clean; $13.
i LAr.KIN, 41S — Housekeeping rooms to let;
large yard." ' • ~.\ - .
LEAVE.NWORTH. 512i/.— Large sunny room.
Inc. gas; $12. Also. 3 sunny rooms, $20. .
MINNA, 573, near 7th — Sunny yard and kitch-
en, back parlor, complete for housekeeping.
I MISSION. 2901A, cor. 23th,— 3 front rooms,
; furnished lor housekeeping; also front room
j for gentleman.
I O'FARRELL. 151C — Very nicely furnished sun-
( ny front housekeeping rooms; parlor floor.
I STOCKTON. 1CC6— Model house,' newly fur-
J nivhed; front housekeeping rooms; phone.
TEHAilA. 47S. hear Flxth— 3 sunny rooms for
housekeeping: ' no children; $12.
VALENCIA. 209— Two sunny housekeeping
j rooms; gas range, running water, bath, phone.
| WEBSTER, 4,'tO— 2 or 3 large sunny connect-
I .ing partly furnished basement ruoms; corner
I flat; yard. i
! " OR 3 sunr.y rooms for light housekeeping.
1 Apply 2024 Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
BOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Imfnrn.
A— . •
CRAND ARMT OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT AUGUST. 1903.
The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions of the Grand Army of the Republic
< has arranged
With . the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY.
1104 Market st., cor. Turk and Market,
Rooms 3 and 4, Phone Jessie 4471,
To act with the Committee in locating
visitors to the Encampment, in private ;
residences, boarding and rooming houses.
Householders desiring to accommodate visit-
ors are requested to notify without delay the
City Room Renting Agency of such accom-
modations as they have to oiler. None but
thoroughly respectable houses will be listed,
and the same will be subject to Inspection by
i a representative of the Agency, and In all
cases must be approved by the G. A. R.
Committee of Management before visitors
will \>f assigned thereto.
A — THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWN TOWN; 150 ROOMS; 36 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IX EVERY ROOM-
SUITS WITH BATH. SI SO TO $2 SO PER
DA Yi_ SINGLE ROOMS. 75c TO $1;'HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTl/ 1041.
AA — City Room Renting Agency, „
1104 Market St., cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Pbone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE-
"We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board,
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels. '
A ASHWORTII
820 MASON ST., bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
ROOMS SINGLE AND EN SUITE....
..PRIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL..
SUN IN ROOM^ ALL DAY
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits can secure
a large, sunny and comfortably furnished
room, with private family, one block from
cahle and electric car lines and" 5 minutes"
walk from park entrance; references. Box
4953. Call.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Slxtli — Rooms
26c to $1 per alght. $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms;, open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1, $1 60 night;
II 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk St.— Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
? LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath: running water; references. 889 Post st.
BARTLETT. 218. cor. 23d— Sunny furn. rooms;
gas, bath, laundry.runnlng water;warm belt.
BURNETT, 1426 Market— (old No. 13S4)— Ftir-
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
FAIR OAKS, 210— Single apd double furnished
rooms, $5 and $3.
FELL, 003— To let. furnished front bay-wln-
dow room; references. '
FIFTH. S3 — Sunny bay-window rooms; also
single rooms; $1 50, $2 SO to $4 per week.
FIFTEENTH. 1678. near Mission — Furnished
rooms to let from $1 a week up; eunny all
the day. ¦ ¦
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 600
] to $1 50 night; 12 to $6 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE.
66 Geary st.: phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
, furnished suites, with baths £,nd singles.
JESSIE, 359 — Nicely furnished front room, for
2 gents; $10; references.
KEARNY. 420— Six beautiful rooms to let.
MINNA. 545 — Large sunny front room; 1 or 1
gentlemen, or light housekeeping.
MISSION, 1514, nr. Eleventh — Sunny single
front room; $1 23 week; private house.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week, moi
i PINE, 2S30, cor. Baker — 2 furnished rooms;
not for housekeeping.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellls-rlncandescent lights,
readlrg-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 SO; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TAYLOR, 615B^ — Front parlor, piano; reas.;
large room, running water, bath, gas, $12.
TEH A MA, 817 — Suite of rooms; nice for 2 gea-
tlemen; rent- reasonable.
TURK, 810— Nicely furnished rooms; suites or
single. .
TURK, 1218 — Nice sunny front room; second
floor. '
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market
—400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1
night: $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electrio
lights: reading-room; free bus- and baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 619— Renovated; handsome
sunny furnished suites Trent rms.; mod, con*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.; near Market—
Most convenient arid respectable; 700 rooms;
86c to $1 CO night; 12 to $S week; elevator;
elec lights; readlng-toom; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at' 1096
Valencia Et.
n^OM^AjyDJPOARD. _.
AMOT, THE 001 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first- class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opo. Grace Church
with annex, S07 California st. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
OCTAVIA C06 — Rooms $5 up; breakfast and
dinner, $2 SO a week. .
ROOMS AND HOARD 'WANTED.
BOARD and room wanted by gentleman, in
Western Addition; In private family, where
there are no children or other ' boarders
Box 4061. Call. *'
A HOME for 2 gentlemen and 2 little elrls
Box 4994. Call office. • . * '
BY mechanic, good breakfast, with vegetables
as well as other meals. Box 4995. Call. '
V UCOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED housekeeping rooms. Address by
mall, with particulars. A. J. G.. 128 Chu'rch.
m^DE^NpypTiCBsr" ~
A DIVIDEND of 25 cents per share of the
California Schuetzen Park and Building As-
sociation has been declared, payable on or
after August 20. 1903 at the office of the
treasurer of the association, Louis Reubold
312 Bush at. P. JACOBY, President
O. fBREMER. Secretary. .
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend " No. 60, of fifty cents
(60c) per share on the Issued capital stock of
-v the company has been declared, payable at
..office of the company, .rooms 202, 204 and 200
Hayward building. San Francisco, August 10* -
1903. , • Transfer books close . August 3 1903'
at noon. C. C. QUINN, Secretary. . '.
¦ . - ¦ ¦
STOCKS AND BONDS FOR SALE.
$1200 A YEAR income J Insured If 'you buy S
shares in our 6000-acre rubber plantation In
Mexico; small monthly payments; finest lo-
cation; best transportation facilities; cultiva-
tion of rubber exclusively; no hazardous 8 ide
lines. Apply to-day for prospectus to- the
Conservative Rubber Production Co.. 320 Par-
rott building. San Francisco, Cal. \
ayPTTBRlWG ASP STAMMBtilNQ. ~
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. V
aRE^T^AlROA7NT1iN^TYPE^^TER¥-^We
sell better machines for less money than tny
house in the" city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 CaJlfornla;telephone Main 266.
A FEW good typewriters at *30 each; get par-
ticulars, . L. A M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. ;
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Sansome. ,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT for bids for steam-heating
and distributing apparatus for the University
of California— Notice to contractors, builders
and material men — Notice Is hereby given
by the Regents of the University of California
to all concerned that sealed proposals or bids
are solicited on three water-tube boiler's,
each to contain one-half the heating surface i
required to furnish steam for one engine, as
outlined below; one vertical or horizontal
' cross-compound. - non-condensing engine, to
be arranged for direct connection to one 200
K. W. alternator, the necessary feed pumps,
feed water heaters, steam\ separators, traps
! and fuel oil burning apparatus complete, ln-
" eluding all' necessary piping, valves and
fittings within the building, and all neces-
68.ry ¦ piping between tanks, etc.. the plant !
I to be furnished and installed complete at
I Berkeley upon foundations furnished by the
university. Also steam piping; for dlstribu-
, tlon of steam for heating purposes to the'
various buildings. Said sealed bids or pro- \
posals will be received at room 16, South I
Hall, at the University grounds, Berkeley,
on or before 3 o'clock p. m. ot the 17th
day of August, 1003. And notice is hereby
further given that dans and specifications
' for said construction have been made and
adopted and are placed In the engineering
. offices, room 7, 331 Pine etn»et, San Fran-
cisco, where the same may be ceen and ex- i
amined during each day from 9 o'clock a. m. ]
until 4 o'clock p. m. from thli date until
the 15th day of August. 1903. No bids or
' proposals -will be considered unless the same
are accompanied bv a certified check or a
bond of said proposer equal to ten (10) per
cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties,
conditioned- that If said bid or proposal shall
b» accepted the party proposing will duly
enter into a proper contract with the said
. Regents to fatthtuliy perform the duty and
obligations in accordance with said proposal
and plans And rpectficatlons. which shall be
and are hereby required to be a part Of such
contract. The right, to reject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice is given
pursuant to an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to create
and organize the University of California,'
approved March 25, 1868, and an act,
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 2S, 1872, relating to thi construction
of bulldngs," approved March 8, 1897. By i
order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. W. A.
McKOWEN Secretary of the Board of
; Regents of the University of California.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted— Notice Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors of the Veterans" ,
Homo of California at room 13. 320 8ansom*
st.,- San Ftanciseo. Cal.. up to 3:30 p. m.
on MONDAT. August 10, 1903. for furnishing
uniform coata. panta and blouses for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (R. R. ,t*.
, tlon. Yountville). for six months, ending De-
cember 81, 1903, Preference will be given to
foods manufactured In this State, price,
fitness and quality being equal, under the
' provisions of sec. 8247 of the Political Cod*.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
' certified check upon tone well-known and r«-
tponclble banking house for at least 10 par
cent ot the amount of his bid, payable, to
C. Mason Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter into a good and valid
contract upon notice of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
to- reject any or all bids- and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Address John F. Sheehan. secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Horn* of
- California, room 13. 320 Sansome at. Saa
Francisco, Cal. By order of the Board of
Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Sec.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE of Dissolution of Copartnership — The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of Golden Gate Dredging and Reclama-
tion Company, doing business in the city
orrl ccucty.of Kan Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, is this day diitoived by mutual con*
eent, MARSHALL C. HARRIS having pur-
chased the entire Interest of. WILLIS O.
WHITTER in the concern.
Dated WILLIS G. WHITTER.
Jury 17. 1903. MARSHALL C. HARRIS.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Frederick**. Lingg, S3, city, and Ella Rlght-
mlre. 33. city.
Orval Anderson, 23. 629 Howard street, and
Annie Watson. 23, Albuquerque, N. Mex.
James A. Kinkead. 32. Schenectady, N.' T..
and M. Beatrice Reynold*, 28, city. /
Giovanni Marengo, 27. Ocean View, and An-
gela Cuneo, 19, Ocean View.
John A. Varnl, 36, Pinole, and Btella Tra-
verso, 22. city.
Isaac A. Fowler, 27, 2646 Howard street,
and Cora A. Miller. 24. 2C4rt Howard street.
Adolf Nielsen. 24. 304 Thirteenth street and
Lulu Zaltar. S4, 304 Thirteenth street.
Edward Weber, 57. 77U Market street, and
Katie Conn, 54, 86 Oak street.
Edward McKeever. 22, 61 Zoe street, and
Mary Rooella.lg. 423 Sutter street.
Pietro Fanbriiil. 24, 618 Front street, and
Natalina Puccl. 29. 1333 Duimnt street.
Felix P. Bonnet. 22. San Mateo. and Jo-
sephine T. Klcou, 22, San Mateo.
' BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ALLEN— In this city, to the wife of A. Allen,
a eon.
CRONIN— In this city, July 19, 1908, to the
wife of C. Cronln. a daughter. .
DEMPSEY— In this Cltr. August 4. 1003, to
the wife of M. J. Demp6ey, a son.
KELLY— In this city. August 5, 1903, to the
wife of P. J. Kelly, a eon.
MADDEN— In this city. July 28, 1000, to the
wife of James 6. Madden, a son.
MOFFITT— In this city, July 31, 1903, to the
wife of Edward R. Mofntt, a son.
PINKHAM— In this city. July 24. 1003. to the
' wife of Harry Pinkham, a daughter.
STREHL— In thla city. August 1. 1903, to the
wife of J. H. Strehl, a daughter.
VOLPIN— In this city, August 7. 1903, to the
wife of Abe Volpln of Yuma, Ariz., a son.
MABBIED.
BAKER— BUCHS— In this city, August 6
1903, by the Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of
the First Christian Church, Joseph Lorn
Baker of Ean Francisco and Maggie i Bucha
of New London, Mo.
DORMAN— CAMIN— In this city, August 8.
1903, by the Rev. Dr, John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church
Andrew H. -Dor-man of Los Angeles and An-
nie M. Camln of Merced.
DRIESCHMAN— KIRCHMAN— In this city
August C, 1903, by the Rev. William Rader
William Franklin Drleschman .and Frieda
Marie Klrchman, both of Ban Francisco.
EDWARDS— STONE — In San Jose, August 6
1008. by the Rev. Dr. Merldlth. George h!
Edwards aad Laura F. Stone, both , of San
;j Francisco. --^_.
HOLLE— BARNER— In this, city, August 5
1903, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Joseph
Holle and Johanna H^ M. Barner.
HOLLEY— BLACK— In this city, July 30. 1903
by the Rev. William Rader, Harmon T.
Holley of Livermore, Cal., and Kate O.
Black of San Francisco.
KRAMER— ijAUER— In Oakland, August 5.
1903, at Zlon's German Lutheran ' Church
' by the Rev. J. H. Thelss, Ralph Kramer and
Flora -Bauer.
LEWIS— ROBERTSON— In this eity; August
0. 1&03. by the Rev. William Rader. Warren
Payne Lewis and Ethel Margaret Robert*
. eon,- both : of San Francisco. . s .
MOHR— REIER— In Oakland, August B, 1903.
at the residence of the bride's parents, by
the Rev. J. H. Thetss, Henry Mohr and Lena
Reier. ¦
RENFREE—TECKELL— In this city. August
i 4, 1903, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
' pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
' Alfred C. Renf ree of May field - and May
Teckell of Nevada City. .
ROCHE— MOSHER— In thla city, ' August 4,
1603, by the Rev. William Rader. WlUiam
Charle$ Roche and Alice Mosher, both of
San Franclflco. . ...'¦, - ¦ ,
SCULL— GIBBS— In this city, August 5, 1903.
by the Rev. John Stephens. Charles H. Scull
and Maud E. ' Glbbs, both of San Francisco.
SEYMOUR— SEYMOUR— In this city, August
1, 1003, by the. Rev. Dr. John A. B. . Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
Samuel Seymour and Ida M. Seymour, both
of San Francleco. . .
TURNER— WOOLF— In Alameda. August 6.
.1008; by the,Rev.J.H.. Thelss, William Turl
. ner and Laura .Woolf. .
WALKER— PHILLIPS^In' this city, August
- 3, 1003.. by the Rev. William Rader, John
•Walker and- Minnie;, Phillips, both -of San
[,' Francisco. : • - . .. ¦¦¦ ¦• .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave wiul are due to nrri ve at
(iAN PliANCISCO.
<Maln Line, Foot of Market Street I .
»4Ti — FkOM Acor»T 1. ma. — a kbits'
7.00a Bcntcia, duUun. Elmlra and tfaera-
mentu 7.25p
7.00a VacaTtlle. Winter*. Ruraiey.... 7.2S*
7.30a ilartlnez. Saa Ramon. " Vallejo.
Napa. Callatoga. Santa Uosa B 25e
7.33a Nile*. Llvcrmore, Lathrop. Stock-
ton 7.25P
¦ 8.00a Davis. Woodland. KniKhtaL^iiiiuitr. ¦••¦¦'
MarTSTIlle. Oro»fll«4. (connects
at MarysTllle tor Gfcidlcy, msg*
aad Cairo) . 7.S*r
8 00 a Atlantic Expresa— OijUen ana Eatt. , 1 0-2S*
800 a Fort Costa. Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron, Tracy. Stockton. Smrnrnento.
Los Banoa. Mentteta, llaaCord,
Vtanltn. rortervfile .1 , "«4.25r
8.00a Port Costa. Martfne*. Tracy. Lath-
rop. Slodesto. .Merited. Fresno, .
Ooa&cn .lun«k>n, Uaaford, Vi-
salla, BakerlReld 8.25*
B.30a Ebait* fii press— Darts. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows.
tKrnto. Ifed Blnff, Portland 7.55r
8 30a Ktles, Sam .tone. Livermore. Sto<t
to3.Ionr.Sacr»mento,P)acerTUle,
Maryarille. Cbtco. Ked llsuff 4.25*
8. 30a Oaltilale. Cblnene. Jamestown. So-
norn. Tnolmnnc and Angels 4.2Sr
9.00a Martinet and Way Stations. BSar
10.00a Vallejo 12.25*
410.00a £1 paio Passenger. Eastbound.—
Port Costa, Marline*. Bywra,
Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton, .
Merced. Unymond. Fresno, Han-
ford. Visalia, Bakeraneld. Loa
Angeles ami El Paso. (West-
bound srrlTes -rl* Coast Line)... «1.jpP
1900a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Den»eT. Omaha. ChtcagOi B.25*
12.00* Hay ward. Xt!es and Way Station*. 3-25f
1 1 .OOP Sacramesto River Steamers. til .00?
3401* Bentela. Winters. PacrmnentO;
Woodland. Williams. ColiwOVli-
lows. Knlfrhta Landing. Marys-
vine, Oroville aad way stations.. 10.55a
3.30? nayward.NnesandWav Stations.. 7 55?
4 COr Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo, Kapa.
Caltttos*. SauU Rosa ... 3Z3*.
4-COp Marttitez,TrceT.Lnthro|>.SCocktott. 10. 25*.
4.00r Nile*. Ltvermore. Stockton. I.uJI.. 4.25r
4.30r HaTwartf. XI>«. Irvlngton. San ? 18.55*.
Joae. Livermore f 111.55*
BCOf The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
UitXerkrieM. Los Angeles; ron-
necta at Sna;u» fur Santa Bar-
bara. 8.53a
6-C0> Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, L«* ¦
Banot , 12.2Sr
?6 30p Hayward. Klles and San Jose 7.25*
6-OOp Hayward, NHea ami San Jose 1025a
6-OOr Oriental Mall— Oitdeo. Denver.
._..,. Omaha. St. Loo!*. Chicago and
Kant. (Carries Pullman t'v P»»- .
tensers only oat f>f 8*o Frsn-
clsco. TourUt rar and coach
pas«engers take 7.80 p. x. train .
to Kino, continuing thence la
tlielr cars t> p. «. train eastward.. 4-257
Westbound. Sunset Limited.—
'}'¦''- *¦¦-, *¦«»"¦ Kew York. Ch!c»zo, Stw
Orleans, El Pitao. Los AoKeles.
Fretno. Bcreoda. Raymond ( from
Tosemlte), >artniez. Arrives.. 8 25*
7.00> Ean Tabto, Port Costa, Uartlaes
and Way Stations. ' 1? 25*.
t700> Vallejo- 765f
7-COp Port Costa, Benlcla. Sulsun. Davla,
(Sacramento. Truckee. Eeno.' -* ~ '
Stop* at all stations east of
Sacramento 7.53a
8 C5r Orefon * California Eipress— Sac-
ramento, MarrsTllie, Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8 55*
J&.IOp Hay wurd, Nltes and Saa Jose (Sun-
day only) 111.55 a
11.25r Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Raymond (to To-
semlte). Fresno. Hanford, VI- .
. sails, BakersflPld 12.281
COAST LINE Harrow Mauve).
> - ¦ (Foot of M:irlcet Street.)
J7-45a Santa Craz Excursion (Sunday
only) 1810»
8.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boalaer Creek, Santa
Cro* and Way Stations :... '• 25*
tZ.IBP Newark, Centervllle. San Jose.
New Almaden.Los Gatos. Feltoff,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crnj srul
Principal Way Stations ..., v .... 10-Ss*
4.1 if Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos sa<i
way itatlons (on Saturday and
Sunday runs throngh to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Feltoa to
aDd from Boulder Cr«ek t8.S8|
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * KANCISCO, l-'oui or Market 8l (Sllp*>
— n-li ».0O 11:00 a jt. 1.00 300 6.15 rjt.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tS:U> tf:fj
t9:05 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2 CO 400 P.M.
COAST LINE <BroaJTaa«e).
tf* (Third and Townnend SUegts.)
6-10A San Jose and Way SUUoii 7.30r
+7 00a San Jose and Wsy station*.. ... ... 6-30f>
/800a New Almaden (Tues.. Krld.) y4.10F
17.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur
slon (Sunday only)..., tS.30*
•¦00a Cosst Line Limited— Stop»only8an
Jose.GUroy.Holllster.Palaro.Cas-
trovliie. Salinas. San Ardo.Paso
Eobles. Santa Margarita. San Lais
Oblspo. (principal stations thence)
6antaBarbara.S*OKasandLosAn-
Beles. Connection at Castrovlllu
to and from Monterey and Pacific
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
from Capltola and Santa Craz.... 10-457
8 COa g«n Jote. Tres Flnoo, Caplcoia,
8snuCruz.Pactac(}roTe,9a)lnaa,
Ean Lnla Oblspo and Prlactpal
Intermediate Station* 4.10T
Westbound El Paso Passenger.—
From Chicago. El Paso. Los An-
._ '_ Keles. Santa Barbara. Arrives.. 1.30i»
IO-SSa San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11.00a Cemetery Fassensrer— South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05»
1140a San Joae, Los Gatoa and Way Sta-
,„ tlons 5.3SP
•1-50* Ean Jose snd Way Stations ... ".... x 7 CO
2.00P Pan Jose and War Stations 19.40a
Z.Sur Cemetery Passentrer — Sontn Ssn
Francisco. San Bruno 4.35 »
T 13-OOr Del Monte Express— Santa -Clara,
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacinc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gao?e Points) (12-159
••40P Bnrl!nfwme. San Mateo, Redwood.
MenloPftrk. Palo Alto May field.
Monntxln View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara, San Jose, Gllroy (connec-
tion for Holllster, Tres Pinos),
Pajaro (connection for Watson-
vllle, Capitola and Santa Cru»>,
Pacific Grove and way stations.
Connects at CastrovUI* for Sa-
.__ Unas 18-454
WW San Jose and Way Stations 8384
to-COP San Jose, (via Sans* Clara) Los
'.'-.:' Gatos. Wright aad Principal Way
Stations O.COa
fo-JOr San JoseandPrlnclpalWayStations t8-00A
TS16P San Mateo, Beresford.Belraont.8aa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
„__ Part. Palo Alto t6-48&
B.aur San Jose and Way Stations 6 33a
: 7 COr Snoaet limited. Eaatbonnd.— Saa '
Lnis Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Loa
Angeles, Demlntr. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
_ '' „ arrives vU9«nJosqnln Valley)... w>8.29«
t.COP Palo Alto andWaySUMons........ 10.16a
»11.3CFMillbrae,Palo Alto and Way Sta-
tfons t9-4Sr
«11 JOr Ulllbrae, Saa Jose and Way Sta-
Hobs *9.48t
v ,* f « Morning. p for Afternoon.
y Saturday and Sonday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
d Connects at Uosaen Jc wlta trains for Haste*
Vlsalfa. At Fresno, for VisalU via Saanr.
• via Coast Line. / Tuesday an* Friday.
•» Arrive via Nlles. n Dally except Saturday.
«e Via San Joaquin Valley.
TEtopi Santa Clara south bound onty. Conneota
wept Sunday, for all points Narrow Gangs.
WOnly trains stopplnit at Valencia St. soataboun*
are 6:10 *.*„ it.OO a.m- 3:30 T.x. and «:30 yjs.
H TO SAN RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK rx\fs\-(Hollday« exc«ptedV-|:43.
t*7:45. 8:43. 9:43. 11 a.) m.. 12:20. 1:43. 3:13.
4-15 # «;15. 6:45. 0. 11:43 p. m.
7:45 a. ». train week days does not nm to
M srVDAtS AND LEOA1. HOLIUAYS— 7.
t8 1™ tUO. 11. U1.30 a. m.. ?12:30 fl:3U.
i:35! «3:k 3, 6. 7:30. 9. 11:43 p. TO.
0?aln» raarked (•) run to San Quentin. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:13 p. m. Satur.
days. Cm Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train run*
tO F^foM*SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week .fays— 5:23. t«:25, 7:40. 8:13. t»:33.
nloi a. Sf lSSi 2:J». »:43. 4:30. 3:30, 8:43.
10^NDAYS-6:15, 7:33, t8:10. »:40, n0:».
tll:45 a? m.. 12:50, 2:30. 13:25. 4:40. J3.&0,
6:55. 7:35, 10:20 p. m. .
Trains marked «) start from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN KKAN-
CISCO Week days — 3:45. 6:40, 7:43. S:25,
9:45. lT:l<I *. ».. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. T:(».
10^N P DA r YS— 6:35. 7:55. Iff. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
105. 2:40, 3:45. 4:55. 6:06, 7:10, X0:4» p. m.
TMROUGH TRAINS.
7AS a. ro.. week day*— Cazadero and way
5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays exeepted)—
Torr-ales and way itaUona.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. • '
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 3 a. at.. Caza-
dero and way •rations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.» Point
Reyes and way station. 1 ".
TICKET OFFICE— «28 Market st.
FERRT— Foot of Market at. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave - fit Smztote fcrrr Arriv*
Saa Fran. Nat at asrtot 3t Sag Pratt.
Week 'Sun-. »m <^*- iw-i-
Dav^. days iK|>£sV d^r» Day*.
&><43a »:OUa I^^^^^Q 1«:OOn 571*57
1:43? 9:OOa tSfiS«@W 13:5Op3:3Op
ft:15r 10:00a faSSgiogy 3:3Op S-.iOr
tl:3O A \§S^^ 4:35?
l»3O* *•*.**
.1 2>35rf ¦• -¦ UiOmr — _»
¦atarJays saly. uav« Tkvtra T 9t3Or,arrtT«U. 11>»O» ¦
TICtsr I 626 Masxkt St.. (North Shore JUilroadj
077IOB ) aad Savsauto Fuuiy, Foot amartat St.
DBCSSSAKERS A: SEASISTIIKSSES. j
McLX)WELt;n?.ESSMAKINO I
AND M1LLINEKY SCHOOL. \
Leading SrEiem ef Dresscuttluir.
Thorough ! •.•.:-•.::••:¦> Ctwirse in Millinery.
}¦«>.« '.ti.ins FuAisiied. .Diplomas Given.
Skirt Grafting A SitMilaltj-.
Any Pattern Cut to Measure.
K>r.» Market 5u. Above Sixth.
McDOWlCLL. Dressmaking axd Millinery School
— Any Dattern cut to measure. iOlli Market.
ACCORDION, mr.buryt & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button &¦ buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
OEOUG^^bKT~42TVosTTt?rteiTBi:sh 135—
.iapanese-Chin^Sr ofilce; fur-
nlFbes best help; contracts for farm hejp. etc
A— OUPHEUil Employment Otflc*— Japanese-
Cuinese help. 42« PowelL T'l- Main 5752.
A— GHANU Japanese-Chinese En?. Orflce. 41*
Stockton: tei. Grant 1C8; crpgr*. reliable help.
CHIN'ESE Employment Office— IJ^st help at
Leoa Seung's. 411U O'Farrcll: tfi- H.ist <-0-
K ELI ABLE Japanese-Ch'.n^se Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help 315 Stocktuc: ul»«.
CHINESE and Japanese hrlp: cstab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1E37. RKAIM.ET A CO.. 640 Clay.
KMPLOVMEXT W AN Tlul> FEMALE.
AS erperlenoed r.arse wishes engagements,
aurgical or confinements; careful, prudent,
economical: reierence: reasonab.e. AlUb.
MERRITT, 127 Seventh si.
I-OSITION by elderly woman; understands
rooking, waah'.ns and care of children; Js
neat, reMabl* houst-keeptr; *-ag^s U_ — >«
Natoaia st. ¦ ¦-¦
ijUESSMAKOt fill cut, St. remodel ladies*
aad children's clothes at private residences;
II 25; U till 5. 150 Xut et.
WAVTED 13y colcrrd -Roman, work of any
k;r.d by the <iaj ; first-clasj. launUriss; refer-
encea. t>12 Fourth St.. room 9.
¦SDDU&taYOKD German -woman -wishes to do
cooklnr and ass^t with housework; City or
coustrV; waxes *-J- Bo* 40S1. Call.
GERMAN* woman wasts work by the day.
washing, ironing aad housecleaning. MRS.
W*.. 774 Harrison st. *'¦
COMPETENT Eirl wishes any kind of work;
city or country; wages mofleratt. Wox 4CS5,
QaJI oTZctt.
FIP.ST-CLAES French cook with best refer-
ences desires situation in private family; city
or country. C. U. box 4CS3. Call office.
HOTEL, housekeeper. lady cf experience and
ability desires position in first-class hotel ;
as rnanacing housekeeper: first-class refer- j
ence*. Box 4CS1. Call office. -
GOOD dressmaker wishes engagements. $1 60
per day. Box 4t*SS. Call office.
A SECOND gu!. young, strong, especially neat
looking, wanu.a r'.ace; haa KOodHty ref-
erenc^. Call at MISS VLCMCETT"to. 425
Putter ft. Phone Main Z-i,2.
AN experienced colored nurse would like posi-
tion as nurse for Infant or grown children;
no card?. Hex j'»*>3. Call. w
A BRANCH ctflce for Call advertisements
subscriptions has been established at *036
Valencia at.
WANT ads end subscription* taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. Ci3 McAllister Et.
LJU'LOi WE.NT WASTED JlALIS.
MAN with many years' experience In chaige of.
power and lighting plants will take a similar
poehlon; is a graduate mechanical engineer,
with ample proof or skill, ability and cnarac-
t*r ti> tatUfy the raoft exacting. Address
t'Mel Electrician and Eugin«?er. box hOl, Call
ofttre, Oakland.
BOOKKEEPER and accountant wishes one or
mire sets of books to ke^j>; afternoon or
evening; competent to etralohtf-n out any class
of account*; city reference; terms reasonable.
li'X 4t£6. Call efnee.
KXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires rerminrat
pftuatton: rajiid and accurate worker; good
references. Including present employers"; not
efrald of wcrk. Address box M>*. Call office,
Oakland.
BRIGHT, energetic, strictly first-class young
rr.tn dceirc* to represent reliable firm as col-
lector or solicitor; speaks English and
fc-wediEh. Addresa box fcua. Call. Oakland.
CAREFUL driver, pinsle man. total abstainer,
wants situation, care private stable, hotel or
Institution; please ptate wages. Advertiser,
130* J; ¦ > -.!- ¦¦ Ft.. Oakland.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a tituatJon In grocery store and barroom;
tlrft-cla*s refp. -VV. Bobling. 417 Kearny »u
Y(>I_"I>>"<i man, $:oo<3 litMt* «n<l address, wunta
pitiiaticn ft any kind; stranger; good refcr-
«-nce». H^x 4W«. Call.
MAN and wife desire any kind of work about!
the house by the day or month, iiox 3J01,
Call office.
HOUSE painter. Eastern man. wants work;
»m8ll job* and contracts taken. Address
PaJnt*r. 1121 Webster st.. city.
rOCSQ rnan wants position as bookkeeper;
pood re*erenc«; cood exjterience. Box 48C7, '
('ail office.
COACHMAN — German, capable, experienced
»nd sober, wishes position; city or country.
Bex 4671. Call.
GARDENER — Oerman. eor>d. reliable; handy
with tools; city cr country. Box 4672, Call.
V\ ANTED — Eituatloa by American as watch-
ruin or to drive team. Box 4CS9. Call ofQce.
I WANT any kind of work, by the day or
month. 13ox 4O2, CaiL
GOOD cook for hotel, or will do aecend work.
4i« Sixth st.. room :X.
I WANT a place as nurse; Christian Science.
Box 3301. Call.
YOUNG bartenfier wiEhes pcsitloa, German.
Box 4665. Call.
CAPABLE man wants employment; educated,
reliable: references; wages secondary. Box
4»J63. Call.
CARPENTCR, good, enl millwright wants to
go to mine. Box 4%"2, CalK
A RESPONSIBLE position wanted by a man
<31) of genteel appearance, sober habits and
reliability, whose wide experience among in-
fiuestial men of a?airs berc and in England
tully equip* him for good service. Box
4aS9. Call offlc*.
STENOGRAPHER— Position wanted by a
young Dsas (30) as private secretary or con-
fidential clerk; reliable, temperate and ex-
l*rienced; New York references. Box 438tf,
Call office.
1-oslTION cf trust ar.d responsibility by
joung man of years of practical business ex-
i < r-.f :.','¦. f-eccxnn'.endaiions and bends. Box
¦,'>:¦:; Qa.fl office.
YOUNG man willing to -work; experienced In
saddlery, hardware and harness poods; would
Ilk* to have a position. Box 49i)2, Call.
STEWARD — Poeltlon wanted bjr a good all-
ro&nd n-*.ri In hotel or club; tha best of
Eastern and California references. Addreaa
H. BEMIS. S215 Leguna st.
EXPERIENCED man wants position to drive
wagon; bakery wagon preferred; C years ia
latt place. Addregg M. F., C39 McA 11 liter.
YOUNG x&an with excellent references and ex-
perience wanta position as clerk in hotel or
rooming-house. Bex 4MS, Call.
CLERICAL situation desired by young man
with experience In office of wholesale grocery
house. Addrets Box 42S5. Call.
JAPANESE strong man wants a position to
do cooking and general housework; $7 week.
AKI. 1217 Jones «t.. city.
JAPANESE man and wife would like Eitua-
tlero to do general housework. M. FRANK,
1309 Flllmore st.
CHINESE, excellent, flrrt-class cook, wishes
position, $Cj per month; meat and pastry
f-ook. hotel, boarding-house or private family.
$40 per month; give pood references; satis-
faction. «22 Sacramento St.; C. \V. F.
CLASSIFIED advenun-mrnti- »t;a aubscrlptlona
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmoi-o.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•nbscripUons has been established at 10M
Valencia et.
f:>a.>cial.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond lfrues Guaranteed, underwritten and
•old; clock accented for services. t->i.d for
Pacific btates Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 32U Post.
HORSES AJiD \VAGO.\S.
FOR ealt — Bay mare « years old; broke to
harness and saddle; stylish, round and gen-
Ue. GEO. WALCOM. 402 Sutter Et.
PEDDLING rle, $50; ccal wag-on, 150: laundry
" wagon. $50; wagon. f25; horse. $15. 79
City Hail ave.
TEAM roan mares, city broken, welsh 2750;
one doctors* horse; 2 business horses. Santa
Clara Stable. 1C4 Golden Gate ave. . ¦
OK account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies ar.d harness muzt be sold at
racrlSct. Ccraer 15th and Valencia ats.
RARE cl.anc-e — 4 good horses for aale cheap.
ZTt Sixth fct. .
CNE fine bugxy. fruit wason, cart. 2d-has4;
new laundry wagon, cheap. S2S Harrison at*
Al EXPRESS wacon. Hsht ''ampins wajron
and rorart f.r «ai« chop, mj Mission st.-
HOt.SKb TO LET — t'Hi.MSUEU.i .
A WELL furnished house, piano, 10 rooms;
very eunny: fine location; 1375 ilasonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. M Montg. et.
DIED.
' Adams, Catherine E. ¦ Kelly.- Patrick -
¦ Brown, Margaret ' Kemp, Nellie A.
Curry, Ellen Kurplnsky, Hazel
Curtln. Mamie McCorkell. John J.
Eccles, Robert Matson, Isaac
Gerdes. Lena A. « Meehan. Martlne
Goodman. Louisa J. Middlemas, George
Green. George R. Morrison. Samuel L.
Hammond. John Nicholls. Francis C.
. Haakell. Willis G. . R<?gan. Annie L.
' Herbert. William Sampson, Gertrude -
. Heuasler. Roslna Sheehan. Frank
Jones. Harry J. , Umhalt. Julius .
Kelleher, John
ADAMS-^in I Oakland, August 8. 1 1903. at 2152
Chestnut street, Catherine E., beloved wife
of G. W. Adams, and mother of Mrs. A. A.
Cook of Tacoroa, J. H. Stewart of Eureka.
S. H. Stewart of Oakland and G. C. Stewart,
a native of Maine, aged 74 years..
E7"FrIend,s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the Fourth
Congregational Church, .corner Thirty-sixth
and Grove streets, Oakland. *
BROWN— In East Oakland, August 7, 1903,
'Margaret Brown, beloved mother of J. F.,
C. N. and Ella Brown and Mrs. M. La
Point, all of Biggs, Butte County. Cal.. a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 83 years 10
months and 20 days.
CURRY— In this city, August 8, 1903. -Ellen,
wife of the late Patrick Curry. *nd mother of
Kate, Luke and Margaret Curry and v Mrs.
John J. Mahoney, a native of Ireland, >aged
- S5 'years. ' • J '¦
IC7"Nottce of funeral hereafter. Please
omit flowers.
CURTIN— In. this city. August 8. 1903, Mamie
Curtln, dearly beloved wife of James Cur-
tin, beloved mother of Thomas Curtln, be-
loved daughter of Mrs. E. J. Uniack and
the late George Uniack, and sister of Harry
AloysIuB Uniack and Mrs. Lee Jackson, a
native of Chicago, aged 26 years 3 months
• and 2 days. (Seattle and Chicago papers
please copy.) I i
ICFrienrfs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy ,
street, between Taylor and Jones, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a, solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:oO
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ECCLES— In this city, August 7. 1903,- Robert,
beloved husband of Anne Eccles, and father
of Dennis, Christopher and Joseph P. Eccles.
aged 77 years and 16 days. (Dublin and
Western Australia papers please copy.)
(CT Interment private from 10 Bartlett
street to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock.
GERDES— In this city, August 8, 1903. Lena
A., dearly beloved wife *et William R.
• Gerdes, mother of Sarah Maude Gerdes.
daughter of the late Antonio and Rosa Ca-
vagnaro, and sister of Albena A., Clara,
Katie and Albert Cavagnaro and the lat«
Nina Cavagnaro and Mrs. A. McLaughlln. a
native of Ban Francisco, aged 19 years 8
months and 10 days. •
CTFriends and I acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 130 Landers street, off Sixteenth, be->
tween Dolores and Church. Interment New
Italian Cemetery.
GOODMAN— In this city."' August 7. 1903.
Louisa. J.. widow of the late James H. Good-
man. a native of St. Louis. Mo.
(ETFuneral private at Napa. Omit flow-
ers.
GREEN— In this city, August 8. 1903, George
R., dearly beloved son of John and Rose
Green, brother of Mervin D. and the late
Herald and Lloyd Green, nephew of Mrs. S.
Mesetb, and- grandson of Mrs. J. 8. Mc-
Curdy, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 14 days. (Virginia papers please
copy.) ¦ X
HAMMOND— In this city, August 8, 1903,-John
Hammond, a native of Yaquima Bay, Or.,
aged 38 years 2 months and 14 day*. A
member of Marine Cooks' and Stewards' As-
sociation of the Pacific.
CT'Remalns at the parlors of the United j
Undertakers, 566 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
HASKELL— In this city, August 8. 1903, -Wil-
lis G.. beloved husband of Elizabeth F.
Haskell, father of Edward G., Willie J. and
George W. Haskcll, son of Susan and the
. late Gilbert Haskell. and brother of Mrs. J.
W. Davis and Mrs. James M. Brown, a na-
tive of Liberty, Me., aged 45 years 2 months
and 15 days. .*.,..,.«
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 223 Second avenue. Richmond. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ¦
HERBERT— In thla city. August 8. 1903. Wil-
liam, beloved son of Patrick and the late
Bridget Herbert, and loving brother of Pat-
rick. Michael, Bridget and Catherine Her-
bert. & native of Ballyhaunls, County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
,O"Remalns at the parlcrs of MeAvpy &
Co., 1239 Market etreet. between Eighth and
Ninth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
HEUSSLER— In this city. August 7.. 1903,
Roslna Hsnssler,- beloved mother, of Albert
and Uosa-~-H«ussIer. and grandm6ther -of
Lillian. Clara and Annie: Heussler. a native
of Basle. Switzerland, aged 88 years 6
months an* -7 days.
IT7"FrIenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral wrvlces
August 9. 1903. at 2 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 125 Shotwell street, near Sixteenth.
Interment Laurel HIII Cemetery.
JONES — In this city, August 7. 1903. Harry
J., beloved eon of the • late John H. and
Mary Jones, and brother of " Mrs. Llllle
Wood. Mrs. Kate White, Mrs. Alice Jen-
nings. of San Mateo, Mrs. Bessie O'Neill and
Howard Jones, a native of San Francisco;
aged 30 years 2 months and 6 days. z : |
(CTFriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 144 Day street, thence to St. Paul's
Church for services at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. -A requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
Monday, August 10. at 9 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Church. Friends are Invited.
KELLEHER— In this city, August 7, 1003,
John Kelleher, beloved husband of the late
Eliza Kelleher, and beloved father of Mrs.
James L- Smith. Edward • Kelleher and of
the late Mary E. Crosby and the late John
Kelleher Jr.. a native of County Limerick,
Ireland, aged 7C years. (Los Angeles papers
please copy.) ,
CTTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence, 1410 Kearny Btreet. thence to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, August 7. 1903. Patrick
Kelly, beloved father of Mary, Llllle. John
and William Kelly, Mrs. M. O'Rourke and
Mrs. P. Muldowney. a native of County* Kil-
kenny, aged 63 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1502 Kentucky street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church for services at 9:30 o'clock-
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEMr— In this city, ¦ August 7. ' 1903. Nellie
A., beloved wife of Henry Kemp, beloved
daughter of John and Sabtna Campbell, and
Bister of Mrs. J. Devlin, Mrs. D. McLaugh-
lln, Mrs. J. C. Tpmalty and Thomas and
John Campbell, a native of Boston. Mass..
aged 34 years 5 months and 28 days. :
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence, 1279 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KURPINSKY— In thl»-«ity. August 8, 1903.
Hazel Antonett, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles P. and Mary E. Kurplnsky, and lov-
ing sister of Frank Robert, Anita Beatrice
and the late Mary E: and Charles J. Kur-
ptnsky a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 11 months and 6 days -
tcr Funeral to-day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock from the residence of the parents.
3059 Twenty-flfth street. Interment private,
5 Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCORKELL-^-In this city, August 6, 1903.
suddenly, John J. McCorkell. beloved son of
Mrs. Margaret Madden and the late James
McCorkell, and brother of George McCorkell
and James and Cella Madden, a . native of
: County Donegal,' Ireland, aged 30 years ', 6
'' months anA, 6 days.
cyFrlencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, George McCorkell, 221 Dia-
mond street, near Nineteenth, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, where
servioes will be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
MATSON — In Chicago. 111., August 6. 1903.
Isaac Matson, beloved father of Mrs. C.
Ecclea and Miss Ellse Matson.
MEEHAN— In this city. August 8, 1903, Mar-
tine beloved husband of Hanora Meehan,
and' loving father of Sister Mary Ignatius
of the Sisters of Mercy, J. J. Meehan of
Sacramento, M. J., T. F. and Josephine Mee.
han and Mrs.' John O'Connor, a native of
Rathdowney, Queens County. Ireland, aged
I <J8 years 11 months- and. 2 days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
r NEAREST THE CITY 1
| OFFICE! 916 MARKET _ST. J
HENRY J. CALL AGHER CO
- (Successors' to ' Flannagan &. Gallagher.)
- DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS..
. 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. ; •
¦ Telephone South 80. t
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
——Funeral " Directors ' and Embaltners— '• — ~~.
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 866 MISSION. Tel.' South 167. • -
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth st.
Flneat Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J.\ Monahah, President
MONAHAN & CO.,
' 'One.)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st Telephone Mission 3L
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 410 Stelner street, thence to Sacred
'Heart* Church, where a retjutemhlgTr mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MIDDLEMAS— In AlamedaV August 7. 1003.
George, beloved husband of Susie HV Mlddl«-
mas, and father of Stuart. George E. and
Harold Middlemas. a native of Nova Scotia,
aged 70 years.
icy-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday. August ». at 1:30 o'cloek. at his
late residence, 2112 Santa Clara avenue, Ala-
meda. Interment private.
MORRISON— In this eity, August C. 1&03.
Samuel L. Morrison, beloved ton of the htt«
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph H. Morrison, ami
brother of Mrs. J. J. Byron. Mrs. C Bauer.
Mrs. J. Johnscn, Joseph R. Morrison and th«
late Mrs. Fannie Borrowman, a native of
Ban Francisco.
tCTFrienris and acquaintances are respect-
full/ invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister, Mrs. J. J. Byron, 1033 Noe street.
near Twenty-fourth. Interment Cypreaa
Lawn Cemetery. *
NICHOLLS— In this city. August 7. 1903.
Francis" Chamberlln. beloved husband of
Rosanna E. Nfcholls, and father of Rose-
Amy, Caroline Charlotte. Annie. Ethel May
and Stanley Nicholls. a native of London.
England, aged 45 years and 20 days. A
member of Court Eclipse. No. 14. F. of A. .
C*Frler,ds and acquaintances are respect- ¦
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-d.iy (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at hU late
residence. 820 Chestnnt street, between Tay-
lor and Jones. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
THE officers and members of Court Eclipse
No. 14. Foresters of America, are requested
•to attend the funeral of our late brother, F.
C. Nicholls, from the residence, 820 Chest-
nut street, to-day. (Sunday), at 2 o'clock.
> J. R. DAVIS. C. R.
Attest: T.. B. GOODWIN. Fin. Sec.
REGAN— In this city. August 8. 1003, Annie
Louise Regan, dearly beloved wife of Jere-
miah Regan, and beloved mother of Charles
and Timothy Regan, Mrs. Edward Manseau,
Mrs. Charles Molloy and Mrs. George Da-
veggio, a natlva of New Brunswick, aged 62
years !) months and 23 days.
SAMPSON— In this city. August 6. 1903. Ger-
trude K., beloved daughter of William It.
and the late Minnie A. Sampson. a\ native
of Springfield, 111., aged 17 years 5 months
and 29 days. ., •
-CyFrlenas are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the family residence. 224 Brod-
eflek street. Interment private.
SHEEHAN— In thw City and County Hospital.
August 8, 1903, Frank Sheeban, a native of
Colomdo. aged ID 'years.
UMHALT— In this city, August 6. 1903. at his
residence, 2-SYj Francisco street. Julius, be-
loved husband of Geslne Umhaft. father of
Julius, Albert and Alma Umhalt. son of
Anna and the late Julius Umhalt, and
brother of Mrs. Anna, Huntemann and
Charles and Andrew Qualllns. a native of
Memphis, Tenn., aged 41 years 5 months and
13 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
Mrs. P. Fortrlede and family desire to
thank their friends and acquaintances for
the kindness and sympathy extended them
. in their late bereavement.
British Guiana Is the most cosmopolitan,
of the British colonies, the population
consisting of an admixture of Dutch,
French, British and American colonists,
East Indian coolies and the aborigines of
the country. :
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited...
To CHICAGO
[jllllljJI JUJ For Those Who
Seek the Best.
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Mhrrket-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Local OVrl'd
Dally Dally Daily Daily
Lv. fean Fran 7:30a 9:30a 4:00p 8:00p
Ar. itockton. 10:40a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced l:05p 1 :55 p 1:2.$ a,
"Fresno 2:40p 3:2Op 3:15»
. " Hanford 4:53 p 4:07 p 7:W>a
"Visalla 4:55 p 4:48 p.. 8:0Oa,
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15 p 6:00 p 7:35a
•" Kansas City 2:35a 7:00a
"Chicago 2:13 p ,8:47p
a for morning: p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:KV a. m. dairy.
9:30 a. m Monday and Thursday Is th«
CALIFORNIA LIMITED, carrying
Palace Sleeping: Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers,
field for accommodation of local first-class pas.
sengers. No second-clasa tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
.0:30 a. m. Daily, Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San - Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at- 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:23 p. m. daily.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices^ — 641 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN II. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAXLWAT COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, root of Market St.
SAW PEANCISCO TO SAH EArAEIi.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:00, O:0O, ll:0O a. m.:
12:33, 2:30, 3:40, 6:10, 3:50, 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW EAFAE1 TO SAW TSAHCZSCO.
"WEEK DATS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:30. 9:20.
11:15 a, m.; 12:50, »2:00, 3:40. 5:00, 6:20,
6:25 r>. m.
Saturdays — Extra trio at 1:43 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:B0. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43,
3:40, 4:00, 5:00.45:20 6:l6. 6:25 p. m.
'Except Saturdays.
Leave J In Effect I Arrive-
SanFranclBco.f May 8. 1903. |3an Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Wetk
Days.) days. | tlon. f days. [ Days.
7:30a ' 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30a Ignacio. 19:20 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p y «:2O p 7:23 p
7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:4s a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a . Norato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p iiuTrtn Petaluma.' U:2Op 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and | 7:23 p 7:25 p
6:10 p ¦'. Santa Rosa.
7:30a 7:&a 10:20 a 10:20 &
8:00a 8:«7\ . Fulton. 7:23p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:23 p
Windsor.
7:30a 7:30a Heaidsburg. 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton. aft Aawsr«
2:30 p| 2:30 p Geyaerville. 7:23 p 7:25 p
I Cloverdale.
7:30 a[ 7:30 al Hopland. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p|2;30p| and Uklah. ( 7:25 p| 7:23 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| WHIIts. { 7:25 p{ 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. (10:20 a(10:20 a
2:30p|2:30p| Guerne-rllle. ''("^Spl 6:20 p
8:00 al S:0Oa| Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8*40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 pf Qlen Ellen. | 6:00 p[ «:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 a| ! ~ |l5:2O a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p[ Sehastopol. ( 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at ' Fulton for Altruria and. Mark
West Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Spring*: *t Clover-
dale for the Qcysers, Eooneville and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land • Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs.
Sods Bay. Lake port and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Slu« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's'
Riverside, Llerly'8. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin
Heights. HuUville, Git's Hot Sprin«, Half-
way House. Comptche, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins Mendoctno City, Fort Braggr. Westport.
Usal; at Wllllts f or . Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo. - Layton vllje, Cura-
rnlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen a. Dyer,
Gartervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ...
¦¦ On - Sundiy — P.ound-trlp tickets to all points
beyond fc'an Rafael at half-rates, ..-.. -. -
Ticket office, 660 \ Market street. Chronicle
building. >
H, C. WHITING. . R. X. RYAN.
Gea. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.THE SAIT FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
44
HALE'S. | f :,v HALE'S. | ' HALE'S. ; \ ; RALE'S. _ _ - J V -T^^ :?^ J^ >^"/ . J J T _ _ _ - - - 1 :_ _ _ V ?!^ E>3 '^ - - x :— L HALE?S - ; : ._._.'" r .
¦F #^^^Another Page of Towering Values^RHl
lKfiu'3' s * s t^ ie mont^* These are the days. Here are the offers. ¦ » "
PjSSS S^^a Hale's plan big things in August. There are many folks who don't know what h\g things we can do. Those who do we want to have think still more of us. &^ ylr^^^^^^^
PyHLlip JE&f+JBk&T $ Deen 2 7 years since we planted those little acorns down in San Jose. The tree crew and grew. Branch after branch came out and took on sturdiness and strength and independence. Now we cover the entire <J^_^J^y^w3
u^F3j«? y8?!«jKSy State with an annual business of up into the millions. The roots tap the very sources of the world's supply. v
Look at New Lace Curtains r^SflSnTl To=morrow's Corset Prices
l2SVw* And at the Prices We Put on Them «££ 2r%JSrv«3S fa £i >.&£. Si.oo ones win be 73c •¦ $2.75 ones win be $ 2 . 25 1KBBB
•rSl_W / 6O First time for the new styles usual attention. -Partly. be- [§&M $1.50 ones will be $I.OO *! J Odd lot P. D.'s at 98c *
.-Sr!^S-4i&'5 W « "^-er had such a variety before so early. Then on top of that to ask ca " s « s l^^^ ma ' h °" " $2.OO ones will be $1.50 and J. B.'s at 59c " :>>
MPW'^nc; iTJcT thcm than WC nCCd t0 ~ thrcc times as good an as you might p ™*"* . " - ¦ . • The 73c ones are straight fronts and new French models; even a few Persian
f?ftf»V j?ft^» N x tls HaJe ' s way— making the drapery section grow. To make new friends an( j par tly because it's August, and girdles among them. Not one color, either, but pink, blue, drab, as well as black and ll^iiai >*^
9I®l«v5_?5_c®^ ,.r a a ? d . b j? ld °}} ones closer - , t . . _ . 4 „ . we are growing. white. The other lots show equally good choosing. *E2a$P&4l£
IJthrJ^h^x/JnY e don l believe there is a person we can t more than please, no matter what her taste or her D ... r . , r ... . f^»^-J*»«
ft*&Wl[jm& purse miffht be. So every one will be interested in this exhibit and sale. filloxv Lascs. They are our good corsets — such as we have been selling up to last night at the v^^JvmSk^
W$mm G5^^^^°^ h^^^^r n oZ S&l te^Uf^^Um^Jt^ former prices just quoted. They were splendid values at those prices. %^^^J
mM)m szr'cnr^Zt^ or «^« S^&lS^^&^r"*- ° thers Jen thread muslin, with But we can't make a corset success with too many irons in the fire, so we are ?JM&m
V(M\5%vIlJ with medium width borders; splendid curtains 83.00 Curtains-Almost 300 pairs in this lot; two-inch hem. Do you know the eoinjr to take these Out • ™ *^li3LAH3
ir&AY/Wt/L at low Price. 60 pairs. ¦ wru or white in Madras or Scotch weaves; material by the yard costs more b""'fe w WKC mes.e om. B^_7^S
ffiw ¦ ¦^ss i ssi^ w -is_;&saEtta =S,?iSf3!s ?li "^"- : -¦-¦- la : Th ese corsets 73c. ."iss f5?«^s-"ffiK w^rss^issa mg<M
EMESM . l ] i 1 "?"™'- ", „ , „ „ 8s'iU»°A?ablra SirtaKlk.ttrn., plain cen- , Bed ShcdS. W.H $1.00. New Frtnch model with me ',t!if t , h ,?fcb™,- S bil?i 5^" *"> ""* "* b '" 3
ffiSW»iaF tern*. 3> s yard, long and W. M. 55. 60 Inches corded border idea; others woven with heavy ment). The muslin IS a soft fin- Al P " r~ 11 • tr i- u . onVhTte Krounds^ "ton .flSshed Fwith aateeiTVib E$Wnl§<*
WUKSr wide. Widths suitable for sinple windows. cable thread In the square mesh, plain cen- ishedone bleached It's a better r, Also Persian Girdles in English sateen. on white grounds, top finished with sateen rib- C^nn^aS
Hrf/riS French windows and even bay windows. ters, for $4.00 pair. ni«!i; n an H SS than vnn n««1 BIack ' (lrab - blue - P ink and wh »t e colors. S" "< CORSETS-Were J" 75 straight fronts 7pfty!&a&2
WJW The C0Urt :n thc ccnter of lhe storc has becn dra I )cd with somc of thc new curtains. In m , us » n a » d °O f " r s? th ri Also straieh fronts bias cut full eored hip medium o?lo T n| SS&rind £&*& SgSi &tjSSM
iSS&W thc drapery store will be extra draperymen to wait on the extra folks who will want to buy. ! > Set at 50c Of course there , A ' so "JJ. 1K V r ' ° n f' hosr O rt« corset broch l' wl ? ich ? orae9 ln dark grounds ?^%^5
lalTrt ¦ -^re 50c sheets, but not this quality. Jon B or mcaium iengtns, witn nose supporter an( j and jplnk polka dots; finished with /^SoSiMtf-sl
QJjQf TH f ¥T J "k'^IT'^ff /"* 1 fl Then, too, there arc no seams attachment; blue, drab and white. satin ribbon. «^PSu$^_9
Wiuffflr 1 i^ i^ 1 1 tf^ /¦ /3k #*~kTL T £2k d tf* \^/ /I— 1 1 WL/"V I I down the center of these. J. B. COKSETS. 5J)c— Worth 51.50. Finely made of French sateen, well boned, but in small s!zes i_^i_!5«2W
Bk "flsfc J. 1 ft t* 1^ J 1 I ft. I V7 1 W *__7 _^S YV l_3 1 I ±TJ\Z> I I ir^i^'c c^n ffnn j ciip P fc only— is, id and 20. . sBfcXtaaiijiwi
Rt jpf ""• — — ~^ • — — *• ?? T T -»^ A «. iiaic s sell gOOO sneeis. P. D. CORSETS. OS t— Were $3.00. Of the best quality of Italian cloth boned throughout with whale- €i«U iVrtsLim
if ft V "-^Sv n~ , wrn ( .... Feather PilloZVS bone; very suitablo for slight figures, If you Ilk© a long corset. But wo are sorry to say they lJyM»'j«n_t
MwJwjSjJw Also 91 garments and Si.fSO union suits. feathers, full size (21x27 f~ • tf f*\J2£ * _m _! 7 *u* _»_ i5?_?i_!li'n
7*?fH^\ T Those are half a dozen landmarks we have picked out with which to call your attention to inches). Covered with heavy tick- I I JirT_^f*1H O* OT VV ¦ T\ IlllPr Eu& fiiftzi
|g/JfiSsf all our new underwear. " inj?. It's the lowest price we ever *»^-' B-' W 1 C* _ V/il 1 V/l Jl JL Jl «L V/l T ? 4 C4L !L/ &-# W* JL A_7
R^yH^ft ' The warmer srarments are all here now — and crood. No better underwear in the country than offered such pillows for. •.¦» fi^^T/JuS
K/rErPMh th^ HaIe storc sells- Ve have a " undenvear expert who visits the mills, sees just what they are • 63c for 4-it> one, same grade feath- Is one of the "growing" features this week. Dollar wrappers will be 65c, $1.25 ones wCyWrtfutf
Ir)-HR3& <ioins— takes samples away with him and compares them with what he cot from other mills. No ji^'for ii so ouaHtv duck feather ncr nnH an pvrpntinnai Hrp^sv nn P k <St "n 1 JBrBKHV/l'
|WWm guesswork, no j marling, no happen-so; he gets the best. And then gets them cheaper than most pniows. iSa^nchei 3-rb height 9: > C> a " d a " exCe P tlOnal dreSS y One 1S * l 'Z 0 ' ,„,,', • tmS\?^
|5J£g*fcJE£; buyers do. He has six stores' to supply. prepared by the best sanitary They are such unusual^values as to make you think more of Hale s than you ever ,3tf^77t^H
l^^^ > U stra:l!^!S ea G w^^ m n pS a^b^ck^w.th hi g h ™™ to5 SSiT.hJjS ve^t" d taSh*eA». lon g 7 ffp for white If We Cai1 Satisf y >" 0U We kll0W We>11 g r0W " S ° We 3rC VCr >* Particular what WC
Si'^S ffi&!!^£F u vJ£ ki $& to rffi't_S Ik 5Sf §1 net 1 ™^ B hon. of fuii y^ u crocheted ones, 3-ply y ar n, sell on an occasion like this— that it shall be so good you'll be sure to come back. WMmM
mrM^ ll0 ° rer Famer " t - ltrgth> ri * ht t0 the HaIe 8landard ' , Th°]r y niSS!Se - a '"s5 > inc O hes deSi^ S * These wrappers are just like they are home-made. Just as good cloth in them
O&MTlM x- v 7H* Qa , rme " ts ; Women's 50c Garments, Children's D5c for larEe 7 prcad of tl ; e pame and j ust as much of it; as carefully cut and put together and with even more style M&ahs£i
wXSn%Htn , and wool mixed, rests with hlrh r.ecks, with silk "hell ttltchlns at the n«k PantrMkle len«h prade, Marseilles pattern (S2xs9 ,, ui" j A. ir MSuni5^lcVll
rSSiiSffi* M n down e thrfroar'"hich ls wm wli i"^ d a^ih^ir* sateen b^a sizes 2 to iS yelr».' »"•). than you would have it you made them yourself. . ?£'£) /S3_J_H§»|8
e^ Wnpan^ ™™"<* C ™*™K™te"iV?* g *™> rr/nch 50c Garments, Women's Hale's is the place to buy spreads; x:c r f|npc ArpPiifflpff THmmpH PfniinrpH
l^iiSBrfft/a Fln ® E«>P ttajl colton . fl *ecft lined, high n*cks ions 6-store buying does away with mid- UOL. V^llCS r\IC rvuilltu, 1 1 lllllllCU ailU 1 lUUllWCU. ¦ *^aaTfr^a>A3
S1.50 Union Suits, Women's Z&°lL'\%V£-Ji™ l iiJa l l™tet™?u^ dlemen's profits. They are in percale, with fitted vest lining, bishop sleeves, on which is a pretty cuff.
FJTc^*5^^gvV Fine Jersey ribbed, merino, low n»cks. no sleeves, an- buttons. The pants to match are ankle length, with «at- r'nuifnff^i'e Skirt IS Wide and flounced, yoke IS square, edged With ruffle, trimmed With braid. PmkS, cPSaHlMill
Y^Jnnl&uSrjtS kle lenpth. Around the neck and arms are silk wool cen finished band. . '-' Ultl/ UrtLl J. blues and reds • J*^r"«B|*Zi' ?ll
Mmm '™^- «*»¦- in ~- — «_______ Or_n J^ L in_ ! a ro e q ual,ty. 60c. 85cS z r e d C ?a M.aS KIMONa' WK^PPERS AT f>oc-Are WBAPPERS AT 81.5O-Ar e or dark percale* W^^
KK^WTJKLH _*-<y f e T^ i TW T ¥^^ • - •< lines on one <=lde nlain' cloth nntho 'With yoke, backs and fronts, large bell sleeves; with fitted vest lining:, bishop sleeves, wide frfWSaif?t*rt
figMwnlEfc I 1 Ml I R M /^ IX. i^k'Vi; 7 Url r%Kr\#^rv other- cottoiris n'uro whit? and Vooi around the yoke ln front and on the sleeves are skirt, with flounce, turndown collar, square JfSw5tjf_TU
BelW^W % J IB I S flC r\fc_W^ 1^1 if Iff I IB^ orrictThPiVo worth Jl"1 bands of nlain material. Deslpns are pink. yoke, back and front set oft with braid: caps KTll^jWfa
|§»aFJ^/ *&• AiiV^ 1 TT I\I K7RyV/llO H.20 comforters for double hrri^ blue and black on white, grounds. It's a dressy from the shoulder, yoke, belt and back straps fi—lvK/lui
KHuEnlvfl ' ' * ' lilIei1 wlth white cotxan figured and comfortable house wrapper. are of polka dot material to match. AWw_V_fll
foCjEnF*- iVv, And we can sell them all at 25c. Though they are worth 4^0 to T^c. n . n on ° si<le . pi^in on the other — "__~T"""~"~"""""~^~~~~~~~^~" — triGra
Il/*pi5"5V\»\i "T" 1 1-1 1 • 1 r- -i— . * <70x78). ¦well sltched. They be- V ' ? ¦ "* _ • JJ~Mu.TnL_iiM
gWys^V* Twelve patterns, amounting to a little over 15,000 yards, in the San Francisco store Jong with the. ji. 50 ones. I I Ii I WPPk" ' SSoTSIS
IfjffiraS^ alone. That many more yards were distributed to the other Hale stores. n%r7d m on rt b r oth hides', fight "and IL-jCI^WaS * liau TT tVS\ . fi^^^fflS
BA*?^*^ Here are Ronian stripes.'* inches wide, beautifully colored, regular 45c quality, to go at 25c. dark colors, tuft or stitched, filled .. i§r*5i)^lira
IjlTjfe't^-y And 5-inch Roman strices worth 65c to K o at 25c. ith nhltc cotton. 2000 vards of the present popular styles offered at half-price — not one or two kinds e/j&CSLwJ^fiii
BS£Xjm697x And 6-inch Roman stripes, value 75c. marked 25c. . - Turhteh Tn>-Kr>le t „' . . j • n -j.i , s • 1 T* *'.• fPfrK^^i I V_*O
»OTr¥>Bgg And 6-inch Moire, centers with handsome oDenwork patterns, centers colored, borders white; 45c Ul klSIl 1 OdClS. but all SOrtS, and 111 all Widths lip to 6 indies, lhe 5C qualities are 3C IOC Ones are W^?!ln[fi|?l9
Hn*4j[2§33 r °Three e st\*e9^f pompadour warp print?. 4U and S inches, 43c and 60c goods at 2Gc. '"** measure 21x44 inf ° Ileavy qua?- 5C I2^C Ones are 7^2 C — 2OC Ones are IOC 3OC Ones are I2C. W^wS^OtBa
I liUnr*SiSV& Tw 'o styles self-colored dotted ribbon worth 39c. They will be 25c. *t>' and double size. Th^r ,» th* nmuAtxt vafn*e Half's hive had ' ' i^SPniJ^ltJ
WWJiSwJ White and black plaid corded effect. 4^ inchf-F, 50c ribbon at 25c. Ihcy are the proudest values Hale s ha\e naa. _
'TMS§/SifH^^ But lhese 01 " 1^ plaids ar e best of all— 7 inches wid<\ worth 73c. and they go in with all the Here they are. Just In Time. August is the time we do such things — to show that wc can do it, and at this time of the year, JK5ij§T»l#fJra
\Pfii$P^l?"£ - Sk "° wonder Hale's ribbon Stores gTOW SO fast. Women S Kid GIOVCS, ;j t . yard, worth »"»e— Knplish cotton^ 'Torchons, 7&c. worth lOc and 12!k- Black sills Chan- l^^^ffr^lR^
liljfc This Sale of Dress <s *"&*£,;$&«. S^£r£^sHH §BS$i
WmM,^ U1V V^ 1 *-^» W-^O -^iVlB IL-^ One Of the good things Our New Normandy Valenciennes. 2 to 3 inches; Insertion washable styles, up to 2% inches. • l®SWfiwffiB
$mm Brings you the present styles less than they usually sell for. And there is not a skirt York office plucked for us. How 1O JP 5c '.nd 2Oc-B,acic siiu Chan- unLZZT.nT^T^Z'
giJM^ that isn't right up to the mark in every way. Even the , anxious we ve been to announce it. gJg^W in n ch«. to a 0 s n weifas tiS and whife" m a score of beautiful patterns, norai idea^. i <m$S$ffilM
|w/^i>T^ _ f^f. g^. We knew how anxioUS WOmen silk chantUly, Z to 4% Inches. to 6 inche3 wide. &i2&Miv7ttrii
W*£*mi& JpS.UU vJllCS ' would be In o-pf a mlr It's such an unusual lace sale that every woman who hears of it will likely want to attend. fllallflwiflB
W^M Ha ve full 5-yard sweep, as well as a deep, graduated flounce, and trimmed with They're with two feS SPaCC a " d SalCSpe ° ple haVC '"" N ° ° nC ShaU °° ° nC shaI1 be dl3 ' f^ffi
WmS three bands of taffeta silk running around top of the flounce. Ends are trimmed ito&nZ'mriltto™* £l£*Zg'~ _-_ . "Ul F^ % * W jOT
RfilfEl^ with silk-covered buttons ; lining is mercerized. browns and whites. It looks 'like a < Kl1\7'1ttO' lS^ P^ W/ 9 9f*P^^ I I f\€\€\ C itt/// MiVflJl
™jp»^ S?«.75 SKIRT — Made of all wool cheviot, {jraduatedflour.ee. with full five-yard sweep. Top of $ r - 00 slove. . I n fact we could get LJUj IA1^ I 1 W TT i-^lW-^O VJ.V-JV-J^1_3 '0/1 &mkSil
wE»i4>V^ Houncc trimmed with Peau de Soie silk, band formed in scallops, the ends of which are trimmed $ I -°°f° r »t if wc were not so intent Vx\ 111 W*m»P{
&J^^J^j^3 -.vith fancy filk covered buttons. Black only. Also catalogue number and Rood. Price !?«.7."i. "Pon making a spread this month. * S r% Alirflicf €k^ Hal^'c; •^[/'yi^iraitfl
K^j^i^V^K $7.95 CIRCULAR SKIRT— Made of all wool cheviot, trimmed with stitched straps and cord- It's a bargain without a draw- "* /\Lt^l4J5L Ol llCtlC O fiT //// I
fifm ?i n o^ th eSiTrs'6™ n sKife^t e Tet;i: s~i&sl^ss^ht-itid, back - ' Is a p art °. f this "v*™*'**--** h ° w , !t ' s ™ kin s- us g^ v ' of women |||f
ftn2F\ v^ of same matcml - eacl1 fold P ! P ed witn bIack satin - w »de velveteen binding. Black and blue u are beginning to see Hale s in a new light through it. , . jSMI ////ra'yfftf
SffiSBLTO^ Etamines. all silk lined, from »ic to gao. ' " aI^ s Qo-Carts See clearer than ever the logic of Hale's market advantages. That with our lt,i/WjM
r5^«^^^C W TV* r*4- I /- ' I 4- _ *« I^m^r rm 1 _«w -O dlftei ! ent A six. store buying we can set the pace. That we don't wait to buy second handed ; that vMIlM&tM
W^M^W Wllal IS IL 111 JCWCiryr T . Even . th0Se ones show Jt we % grtastylc first and get it on its right price basis. W§lr&&®i
mm® Sash Pin with Tassels 25 C-A clever Art Nouveau design. Oxidized or silveT gray Others _M^n O « eS Tl* ° Ct ° ber^ St f ad ° f , " . KM
\mt&B0& in floral designs. These dangling tassels are one of thc latest ideas Sometimes " the v are expensive ones have, Zibelines are "it," but not the rough, hairy ones. The loose hair this season is sheared i^^ffiS^I
HH&E&pKa on chains (=;oc). v . J even to the Spring gears nutless dose- They just peep through far enough to light up the surface. ils^flTlBSy??'
B_B£aJB£feB Large Pearl Waist Pin Sets arc out to-morrow at 50c. Speak quick— seems like every one axles rnhhpr M nc ™A ?!,_ »- Here's one, of them m fine hair line stripes marked $1.00 a yard. They will make a strik- lffiWffl€3Jil
jffSjggpKf has been waiting for them. axies, ruDDer caps, and they re j ng str eet costume. Or these in plain colors are artistic enough for the parlor. JHSrStaSfiBl
SffiragSSS • And Bug Pin Brooches 25c— Just like those last we had. They went in a day In colors J llst as big as any, though the price Fancy Bourettes are good. Here are 2 styles in which bourette ; figures are thro\nx up on a &iffMiS%^i
fySrV^ra with pearl setting. J is ever so mnrh \rn.lW T1^«V- zibeline ground, making a very stylish fabric. $1.35 a yard. it^Mi&m
E3$J5[lKreM Secret Locket with chain, 50c— Chain gold-plated. Links swedged. f . , smaller, liiey re And a Canvas- Suiting is another new weave. 50 inches wide, $1 00 a yard. BfiMBmuljUM
PjJfirWlffiLf^* Lorgnette Watch Chains 50c— Gold-plated, too. Links swedged. ot reed > an d reclining. Checked Novelties at $1.75 a yard are among the new things for you to see this week. BS^mJjbTIb
TO/lfn\IfiM3§L Men's Watch Fob with chain, in gun metaj, is another of the new things, but 50c J8.50 GO-CARTS are in reed, reclining, 48. inches .wide. ./ - m
flwHafMrail* Adjustable Bracelet in silver or gold platerff 50c. V 1^^ 1111^' 0 ?^"? 0111116111 : ' Venetians and Broadcloths are in as great favor as ever for tailored gowns or walking cos- m|i5MWM^
iT?Of?_i^5 Coxn holdc " whh lon e chain - « un metaI finish - with turquoise setting, 3S c. . * ' asot 'SWuffR}?^ £?£%?«&& ' tumes. 'They're, here in full.line of ncv, colors, 50 inches wide 5
1^lrTvS^& Corinthian Gold-plated Stick Pins, with settings, 10c. eSmeVed^n RreeS nSlne8S ' T T ** StC&m Spongcd Chcviot at 75C is a rare value. 52 inches wide. All popular colors a s well
¦J^^njgflES my r^l i ~jT~*V ¥ $ * Wf^^ECLlVnNG 1 CARTS can "be "made as black. ¦
iNiew.rlanneis at nale s |fi2^^\??s?i5a New Dinnerwure
CT__L_^TI_^ —And more new ones coming every day. We've hurried some of them up in order to have J1 sid°es C ar^fw a ii e t cra 5 eful . w f \* h I ollln 5 - - - iE^r^raf^wlM
B_y_O!ltfe_i? se^aVsome ol^hefe mw Jhin^s" early ° h ° ice * We bdieve any one would if the y on « cot a upho^tery as wen a 3 ' ?he ruffled S "ace In open stock patterns. High . grade Semi-Porcelain, in new: fancy /^MWmfMm
W$Mar$fi& g imPSC * SOmC ° % " C Do C 7ou know they have taken the Piques and Oxfords and out a nap on ' ' ' shapes, scalloped edges. Decorated with a neat green border, decoration J^^BSmw^i
M@ynH»luragL . . them this fall? Won't they make pretty waists? 1 Jiese Notions at 5c with a double gilt edge. 'We make up 100 piece dinner sets Tor $15.^0.
_wl/^v\Wny^L , Hale 's "c first to show them. Will you see them this week? A foot off Ccla £ s Dar nin& Cotton-Black, tan, j?,. r ,., cr u -fnr to npr«;nn<; Cntt-we sets • CO'Dieces enough fnr fi nor " ifo©_3sr^^l^^©_[ls
1 aJvbSV\ll>l)?I^^lk y ° summer's stuff. 12i^c,and ir>c a yard. . , Ela brown, red: 3 spools Be. lillOUgn IOr.- 12 .persons. sets, 5U-pictci>, enougn ior O per- jwtlM&fca'is^lm^ffl
iS__flfflwnW^«_a Tennis Flannels ln pink, tan. blue and stripes; heavy fleeced- 8 l-3c 10c and l°iic Perforated Stock Collars,. 5c— All sizes 6 dinner plates ...... ........Otic Vegetable dish, 7 inches. ..2.1c - Jkl&YffiJEiit*d!feiii$ UJ<fl\l
BnljnlttE 1C_'A%V\J_L . German Eiderdowns. 15c and 25c. . . . ' '^ c - . Best Cotton. 12 spools 5c. " 6 pie plates ..7<)c Platter. 10 inches t .
BS^m ast...,,, .- ;;;-¦;: ligrglp^ ::i!i|i;;g||| : j ; ;|g ! iS§§lI _^^^M1
I mjVJynflEnil^^ McCall'S riagaZine Hei*e ' -Needle Books, oc-In^hich are pins, W^ ' ' "' DIMTraB at' 9c. •••'-• ' - _**&^ M jf^TMThe Ladies' Army and Navy, like most other Encllsh women's clubs, differ
from the American women's clUb In that it doesn't attempt to educate anybody.
The English club women take it for granted that they can get education else
where, so intellectual improvement in the wav of lectures and literary meetings
aro tabooed. The club's foundation is the need for resting places other than
hotels by women whose homes are more or less Inaccessible, and who by Joln
. ing together can -buy solid comfort at a reasonable rate. Most of the women
who belong to th3 ladies' "Rag" are able to pay for the best hotel accommoda
tion in London, but they like to save money just the same. This moat fashion
able and comfortable of clubs costs them $25 a year dues, room3 from S3 cents
up to $1 S3 a night; breakfast, 25 cents; luncheon, 50 cents: dinners. 75 cents— •
which is about half the rate of the average first-class hotel in London.
The Ladies* Army and Navy Club grew out of one clever woman's head.
chestra in attendance. But the club teas, receptions and annual dinners so char
acteristic of the average "social" club in England aren't In favor at the ladles'
edition of the "Rag" at all. Mrs. Dundas and Its other adherents believe in
individual rather than co-operative club entertaining and are determined to de
vote their efforts as an executive staff to making the club members comfort
able. The members are at liberty to seek their social life where they will.
Kfzm ONDON, Aug. 8.— There was never anything in the line of women's
I clubs, either in America or England, like "The Ladies' Army and Navy
I Club," which has suddenly become "the" thing in London. Although
J ¦ .._ r^ ll was Dorn only a year ago, it now has 3500 members, and is going to
have 4000 before this year is out. It has just taken over a big and
famous old hotel in the very heart of the fashionable shopping district,
and is estimating its annual income at $45,000. from annual dues alone. $20,000
from rents of its bedrooms and $10,000 from profits on its food and wines— with a
surplus over all running expenses of $17,500 h vear.
The irreverent call this surprising new institution "the "Amazons and Mer
maids," only near relations of men who hold, or have held, commissions in the
army or navy being admitted to membership. Other folk.' yet more Irreverent,
style the new concern "The Ladles' Rag," for the reason that the historic
"Army" and Navy Clu"b," from which the ladies have borrowed their name, has
been known by trie nickname of "The Rag" for time out of mind.
The building into which this biggest and richest of women's clubs has just
moved occupies a whole block in Burlington Gardens, just off Piccadilly.' It was
once the Bristol Hotel, the historic hostelry many times sheltering the late King
of Italy and other royal guests.
Is the Biggest and Richest Organization of Its Kind in the World, With
Cards and Billiards Among the Best Patronized of
Its Many Feminine Attractions.
LADIES' ARMY AND NAVY CLUB OF LONDON, ONLY A YEAR
OLD, BUT HAS MEMBERSHIP OF NEARLY FOUR THOUSAND
BELGRADE. Servla, .. Aug. 8.— King
Peter Is playing Haroun Al Raschid. go
ing around his capital early in the morn
ing or late at night incognito.
He. buys his own vegetables occasionally
in market at 6 o'clock in the "morning.
The other day he had a lively controversy
with an aged peasant woman about the
price until : she silenced him by' saying
fhat. the cause of high , prices , was the
heavy taxes > paid - to keep up the King
and, the. Government. -J
Peasant Woman Silences King.
as the author of "The Visits of Eliza
beth"— expects to visit America soon and
will be entertained both in Newport and
Bar Harbor. M,rs. Glyn Is a pretty young
woman whose husband has a valuable
estate called Sheering Hall in Essex. The
portrait of Elizabeth in "The Visits" is
that of Mrs. Glyn's great friend. Lady
Angela Forbest, sister of the Duchess of
Sutherland and Lady Warwick.
Miss Agnes Andrews of Seymour, In
diana, arrived In London last week and
sailed for America August 3. Miss "An
drews has traveled for a year alone on
the Continent, showing what an Inde
pendent American - cirl can do in" that
line. She has spent. most- of -the. time in
Germany, Switzerland and. France..
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF
WORLDS LARGEST WOM
AN'S CLUB AND ITS HOME.
PARIS, Aug. 8.— A new typesetting ma
chine for composing by telegraph Is being
exhibited in Paris in the offices of the
Temps. It consists in reality of four
separate' machines. The first resembles
an ordinary typewriter, by means of
which the characters are Inscribed on a
band of paper by a peculiar system of
perforations. This can be telegraphed
anywhere and distributed in thousands of
copies without .necessitating any tran
scription. The band of paper, when it ar
rives In a printing office, is simply passed
through the apparatus number four and
the composition is done.
Type Set by Telegraph.
A staff of sixty servants is already hired and the club also supports a little
army of clerks, typists, hairdressers and manicure girls. The dining-room, said
to be the finest clubroom in London, will seat 200 at a pinch and 180 is the usual
numbev served. Members have a cozy retreat, too, where they can buy as
little iU a single ham sandwich if they want It or a modest bowl of soup, with
out the necessity of everybody's knowing about this little economy. In the big.
dining-rooms everything is table d'hote. >
The Ladies' Army and Navy Club is one of two women's organizations in.
London which boasts a billiard-room, and . there's to be a big billiard match be
fore long when- the only "lady billiard marker" in London will preside. The
click of the ivory can be heard in that billiard-room pretty steadily from 10 in
the morning .¦ till 11 at, night, . and It Is an interesting and rather significant fact
that the billiard-room Is open even on Sundays after" 3 In the afternoon. And
don't suppose that- these up-to-date 'women play billiards without stakes.
Likewise • the cardroom is a lively ; and sometimes a costly place-^Sunday or
any other, day. Theoretically, at least, • you ; may not. play whist; for more than
25 cents a point, or bridge for, more than 2 cents a point.or piquet for 1 cent a
point, or bezique for 4 cents a hundred— but that doesn't mean that devotees of
bridge, for Instance, do. not exchange a good bit. of money back and forth in the
course of a long hard afternoon 'and evening, broken only by an hour for dinner,,
and fifteen minutes for a cigarette thereafter. There is a smoking-room, of course,
but you . can , smoke , also in . the! bllllard-room 'and in , t he lounging room. 'Another,
rule is that: no member may' run' up an ¦account. She has to pay on -the spot
for everything -«he- gets. ... - >,
There is a special room for bridge and superb apartments in the way of pub
lic and private drawing-rooms," lounging rooms and conservatories. Some of the
members take rooms for .the year round: There are fifty-four bedrooms and the
bath arrangements are . luxuriously modern . and complete. Private 'entertaining
Is done *at '; the "club 'by members on an elaborate , scale .with ( the V resident i or-
The present secretary, Mrs. G. A. Dundas. whose army connections are of long
and honored standing, saw the fallacy of social clubs and clubs run with no
particular idea of business behind them. So she became a promoter in a fashion
that would have done credit to Pierpont Morgan. Perhaps the fact that her
offices in the Walsingham House were under the same roof as those of the
redoubtable Ernest Terah Hooley gave point to her pen. although her scheme
proved as sound as most of the celebrated Hooley schemes proved shady. She
started the club on very Mttle capital,' but when its success was so great that it
became evident it must move out of its first home in Dover street before It was
a year old. sh< put forth a scheme for the Issue of 12.500 6 per cent shares of $5
each, in order to get the Bristol Hotel on a lease of fifty-three years. Most
of the stock was taken by the members, and according to the semi-annual issued
last week, that stock was an "uncommonly- good investment. One result of the
as well as social, success of the club is that its secretary has been
considering the plan of. going over to America to start a similar institution In
New York.
¦•». The Ladies" Army' and Navy Club claims other reasons for being the biggest
woman's club in the world than the mere size cf its membership list. AH sorts
of Important people belong to it. Her Serene Highnes3 Princess Edward of
Saxe-Welmar, for whose sake her "late husband gave up a throne and con
tracted a morganatic alliance. Is president. Her Serene Highness took with her
to the club recently the King's sister. .Princess Christian, who Is keenly inter
ested in everything military ' and naval. Lady Jane Taylor, sister of the Mar
quis of' Tweeddale and the Dowager Duchess of" Wellington, was one of /Mrs.
' Dundas' chief backers, and is so keen on the idea that she , wants to go over
and help If a similar Institution is started In America. Another distinguished
; member is the Viscountess Wolseley. wife of the former commander-ln-chlef of
the, army. ' Othep» . are Mrs. Dick Cunyngham, lady-tn-waiting to the Princess
Christian, and Lady Napier of Magdala. widow of the distinguished fleld mar
shal.
•?;*./ to Paris. Mrs. Chatfield-Tay
lor is now the puest of the Frank
Maekeyg, and is making a tre
mendous hit in London. She is said to
have received more flattering attentions
in English court circles during this and
her previous visits to London than any
other young American woman. Mrs.
Mackey grave a large dinner party for
Mrs. Chatfield-Taylor. and an evening re
ception the day following, at which the
most fashionable people in London were
present. Mrs. Chatfield-Taylor is univer
sally referred to as "pretty Mrs. Taylor."
and her cirllsh style of dress is univer
sally admired. Ehe will accompany Mr.
and Mrs. Mackey to their country place
at Leamington- Among other Americans
¦who have entertained Mrs. Chatficld-Tay
lor are Embassador and Mrs. Choate.
and Mrs. Potter Palmer, who is stopping
at the Carlton Hotei. Mrs. Chatfleld-
Taylor's talent for cotillon leading, a
talent widely recognized in New York.
Washington and Chicago, will be in eri
dence in London ehortly. when Mrs.
Mackey gives a cotillon in Mrs. Chatfield-
Taylor's honor.
C. W. Kohlsaat, representative of the
St. Louis Exposition for Norway. Sweden
end Denmark," has. been in London for
lone days, en route to the countries for
which he is specially deputed. Mr. Kohl
saat leaves to-day for Sweden to transact
the major part of his exposition work.
He will go to the other countries later in
the summer, returning to America in the
autumn.
English newspapers have made a
Ktrarige error lately by heralding Mrs.
Laurence Drummond as "one of the great
American Hostesses in London." The fact
is Mrs. Drumraond is English of the Eng
lish. She was a Miss Katherine Mary
Antrobus. daughter of one of the bankers
Antrobus associated with Coutts. The
mistake arose out of Mrs. Drummond's
long residence In America and Canada,
when Captain Drummond was on Lord
Minjo's staff. Mrs. Drummond's promi
nence at the f moment is caused by the
activity of the Ladies' Empire Club, which
ehe founded and of which she Is secre
tary. Mrs. Drummond was thought by
many to have been the handsomest
woman at the Delhi Durbar.
Mrs. Clayton Glyn— Elinor Glyn, famous
LONDON. Aug. k.— Mrs. Hobart Chat
field Chatficld-Taylor of Chicago
Is in London after a visit
Mrs. Chatfield-Taylor Is
Making Social Hit
in London.
GOSSIP OF
AMERICANS
IN EUROPE
Pages 45 to 48
' ¦ * ¦ tFk * 'llQJMSljlfl ABOLj ' " - J .',»¦-->• - ¦ ¦ < " • • : • ' •
Pages 45 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY} ATUGUST 9, 1903:WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
"The Prince of Pil*en" will be here next
month. » , •
Virginia Harned Is to come here tn
November. , # .
\t the close of her engagement here
Miss Anglin will depart directly for Lon
don. « • .
' Henry Millar has secured the rights to
the greatest French success In years.
"Business in Business."^
General Lew Wallace, the author of
•¦Ben Hur." is to visit this city during
the G. A. R- encampment.
Grace George Is to present "Pretty
Peggy" at Wyndham's Theater. London,
beginning April 11. Miss George Is the
youngest woman ever put forward In a
stellar capacity In England. *
• • •
Wilton Lackaye will open In "The Pit"
in Philadelphia. Instead of in Chicago, a*
was originally Intended. The Initial per
formance of the play Is scheduled f»r the
second Monday In November.
• * • *
Rose Coghlan has been engaged by
Charles Frohman to play an Important
role in his production of Stephen Phil
lips* "Ulysses," which will be presented at
the Garden Theater, New York, some Um«
In September.
Heard Along the Rialto
"The 'cane' business?" I queried.
"Like this," and Kolb got up, picked
a hook-headed cane from a corner, passed
it over to Mr. Dill and said: "Show her,
Max."
The chort man took the -cane and Kolb
said to him: "Aw, you, I'm going." turn-
Ing away. Then Dill hooked the tall man
by the arm as he was walking off and
said: "Walt a moment," etc. Twice they
did this, then Kolb angrily snatched the
cane from Dill and brought it within a
breathless ace of Dill's skull.
I gasped, as Kolb Bald: "That's the
'cane business.' but It cost up too much
In llnfment. Of course, Mr. Dill wore a
block under his wig when I hit him,
but—"
"Oh. it's all in the game." the comedian
replied, with a certain pride. "Of course,
Max collapsed afterward, but he was on
the boards again In a week or two on
crutches."
"One could make a Rood story of the
dangers of the stage," I suggested.
"Come to me when you want to write
it." Dill said cheerfully. "I've had my
wrist broken four times, sprained my
anklo? — all sorts of things." •
"It's better since we dropped the 'cane'
business— that's too dangerous," Kolb
contributed. .
"But how—?"
"How long have you been together?" I
asked.
"Four years," Kolb replied.
"And I've been getting the worst of It
nM the time,"- Dill laughed.
"Don't you sometimes get hurt?" I
asked.
Kolb replied: "Not at all— barring
small things like getting a leg broken.
Mr. Dill fell at the end of 'Twlrly-Whlr
ly's* first act, for instance, and he went
on again in the third act and did his
etunt sitting on a fence at the back."
"Five feet and five and a half inches."
the short man answered, "and here 13
where I lose." his head sagging on his
shoulders and his legs bowed a la Grop
pengeiser. "And I suppose it keeps me
stout playing fat parts." he chuckled
sweetly.
"He's picked up awful since we came
here!" Mr. Kolb affectionately concluded.
"After that we must go," I said, and
asked, as the two rose- to say good-by,
"how tall are you, actually?"
"Six feet and a half." Kolb replied,
"but I lose doing this"— sinking his head in
his shoulders. Then raising the aforesaid
shoulders, he said, "but I gain doing
this." wonderfully seeming to gain ai
least a foot. ,
"And you are, Mr. Dill?"
"Oh, the manager says, 'I want some
thing here and here,' and Mr. Dill - and
Mr. Bernard and I get together and sug
gest things. The best suggestion is
chosen, perhaps a r&ce course scene, and
then we work it up. I say, 'I'll say this,"
and Bernard comes back at me with
something. That's all."
"And what next after this?"
"Well." and Kolb put his hand on Dill's
shoulders. "Mr. Dill and I have been
thinking for the last six months of Lon
don, of arranging a high-class specialty
and doing It gratis, perhaps, at tho Hip
podrome, to break In. We think very
favorably of the plan. Then If. Weber &
Fields follow us there they'll be Imitating
us!" and thl3 Naooleon of comedy
laughed his most at the Machiavellian
scheme.
"Quite much," Kolb said. "This last
show, for example, was a twenty-five
minutc affair at Weber and Fields. . We
spin it out to three acts."
"How do you make It?"
Fischer's has come in."
"You make up a lot of your own stuff,
of course?"
"But you prefer this kind of work?"
"Oh, yes,*' Kolb answered, and Dill
looked cheerful -agreement. "There Is
something to keep you interested all the
time. When you've done your turn In
vaudeville, you're through, in a strange
town, with only your hotel to go to and
nothing to do. : Here you can have a
home " and he looked around happily
upon the cozy room.
"Mrs. Kolb has been , very busy here,"
I ventured, also looking about me.
"I put that up," Kolb said, naively
vain, as my eyes wandered to the brown
fish net that drapes the whole room. . "I
climbed hundreds of steps in Dago town
to get that. Forty-five yards of It there
are ... .And I made this." "This"
was the most crnftsmanlike frame of a
little Chinese sketch. Then he showed me
a vase, that he had covered with cigar
bands, from which the usual portraits
had been removed and those of the
Fischer burlesquers Ingeniously substi
tuted. Then a tautly-bullt shelf. for bric
a-brac the. comedian showed me. and
various other carpentering exploits of his
leisure moments. Mrs. Kolb's predilec
tion is for the thing Japanese. Dainty
bits of Satsuma, cloisonne, embroidery,
mosales, brasses, Ivories, are strewn pro
fusely about the little room, that. Indeed,
is what Mr. Kolb calls it— "a home."
"There is a particular pleasure in being
at Fischer's, too," the comedian resumed,
"apart from all this. There Is such har
mony among the cast. Every one tries to
help the other fellow along. When we
have a good turn Barney Bernard throws
everything our way. When the laugh
goes his way we, try to get him another.
Now in 'Twirly Whirly* we were Just
'feeders' for him, but we didn't throw
down our topis Just for that, and he never
says we're getting all the fat. Perhaps
you don'f know just how wonderful that
13. But that's .where the big success of
at the price. But they have to have us,
and I don't see any, Dutch teams wand/r
ing round loose. Art, oh, art! I figure out
art In theatricals by tne salary at the
end of It."
"I know which kind of art takes best
sometimes," he pursued, with a triumph
ant grin. "They were doing 'Faust' at
the "Hopkins Theater in St. Louis, and
they hired us to do specialties between
acts "
"Oh!" I said
"That's what the legitimates said," Mr.
Kolb laughed. "But talk about a hit!
The people crammed the place to seo Kolb
and Dill, and the legitimates stood be
hind the curtains jeering at the 'variety
rot.' We cot $75 a week between us
then."
-"Yours was not quite the ordinary Ger
man turn?" I said.
"No." Kolb replied. "No sauerkraut,
sausages, or 'my vlfe.' It was quite dif
ferent, in fact. -'When we went on the
Keith circuit they asked us what sort of
setting we wanted— a garden set or a
bare stage. 'Not for me,' I said. 'We
want the palace arch.' " '
"'The palace arch?' •". I Interrupted.
"Oh, the ewell set," Kolb explained.
"They use it about twice a year at tho
Orpheum— when Camille d'ArvIllo sings,
for example— gilt chairs, fur rugs, the
'medallion' (carpet), easels and potted
palms. It looks like St. Peter's. ".. .
We went on in automobile coats, evening
drees, and, of course, when,. we got to
the rough stuff we made twice tue effect
we should havo done; In bum clothes.
Wo got a laugh before we opened our
face. v. . We followed Delia Fox on
the bill that time. < Her voice was just a3
bad as mine is now. They asked us whom,
we wanted to follow, and there was noth
ing deader than Delia then— she had to
give the ushers $3 a night "extra to ap
plaud," /i;Vt>"
"Oh, I broke his nose JubI once for fun,"
Dill testified, looking Kolb-ward with an
adoring air.
"I'm beginning to understand the dif
ficulties of getting understudies for Dutch
parts." I confessed.
"'Taint easy." Mr. Kolb- confirmed;
"The schools are turning out matinee
Idols every day, but not .Dutch teams.
The legitimates say we ought to be on a
laundry wagon, and that any fool can do
wcoden shoe stuff, and the managers kick
"But the block generally got the best of
it." the victim laughed, as if it were
quite the best of all possib,lte jokes.
"The pad has Its dangers, too," Kolb
went on, dropping back Into his chair. "I
remember kicking Mr. Dill once— where
was. it? No matter. But my foot slid
over the pad and got him. under the chin.
He managed to take the bow with me,
but dropped like a shot when we got off
the stage. I get hysterical— sort of—
when anything like that happens, and he
looked so funny that when I found he
was not so badly hurt, I went to laugh-
Ing and couldn't stop. That cured him,
for he laid after me with a policeman's
property club, .chased me out of the
theater and round the park Just as I was.
And I went, too!"
"I was mad," Dill said comfortably.
"And you enjoy that sort of thing?— the
kicking and so on?" I queried.
"We enjoy the salary," Kolb answered,
"and we're here to make money for the
management. The gallery likes nothing
better than to have me kick Mr. Dill in
that rubber pad, or this " and he dealt
out a resounding slap on Dill's jaw.
"You didn't get next to that?" he
laughed. "No more do most folks. But
Mr. Dill really geta that on the hand he
puts up to ward It off."
"And where do you come in on this?" I
question Mr. Dill.
Kolb and Dill, Who Frankly Admit That the Feature of Their Work They Most Enjoy Is the Weekly Salary.
Dill smiled lazily, took the unlighted
cigar out of his mouth and gently pro
tested: "A little bit!"
"But I Fhall never forget Max's first
appearance." his pp.rtner grinned. "It
wss the funniest I ever saw. He had
ripped a white ve*t, up the back to fit
hfs extension at the front, dyed his nose
with the red of an artificial flower, and
wore a chin piece made out of the tall of
a KdulrrcL**
"But he borrowed the money, and put
on 'Fiddle Dee Dee' at Buffalo. Every
manager we spoke to about us going in
with Howard advised against it. They
t-ald we were throwing up a good vaude
ville encasement"— Mr. Kolb likes it
"vawdevlllc"— "for a big gamble. But
we crammed that Buffalo house for twen
ty-two weeks with one show, and then
toured Stair & Havlln's theaters under
Mike Shea's management, packing the
houses all along the line. Weber & Fields
wore pretty mad— why not! They were
petting only $100 a week for the whole
outfit. They got very much wise after
that. What do you think Fischer pays for
th*> lim*s alone?"
I confessed my Ignorance of the mar
ket aricf* of burlesque.
"Two hundred dollars a week." the
comedian informed me. "But Fischer
Kaw the show East and was bound to
have it h*Te"£t any price. And I tell you
the Miceess cf Fischer's is the ta!k of
New York now among the managers—
that we're able to keen on a fhow for
four, five, eight weeks to packed houses
in a town of only 350.000 people."
"Who of the original company besides
yourselves are here, Mr. Kolb?" I asked.
"Miss Amber. Hope and Emerson, Miss
Vldot and Barney Bernard." he supplied.
"Blake and Hermsen Joined us here."
"Have you seen your rivals down at the
Grand Opera-house?" I a*ked.
Mr. Kolb looked paternally over at Dili,
Dill looked trustfully up at Kolb, then
they both emlled and the tall man Bald:
"We saw the end of their first show. Mr.
Dill here helped Caverly with his first
Dutch make-up. He put his pillows on
for him— that was before we used the
rubber pad. . . . You used to sweat
a little bit under those feather?," to Dill.
said Mr. Dill
"Miss Vidot is at the photographer's.
• thought she would be at home by now."
Misg Vidot's husband explained, dropping
into a. cozy chair that had evidently held
him before. Mr. Dill's also looked as if
it were made for him. and I must con
fest- to having found all the comforts of
«n interview among Mrs. Kolb's cushions.
And then the comedians began to talk
of the Weber & Fields shows in which
they have made their local fame.
"We were together in vaudeville, you
know, before we broke into burlesque."
Kolb began— he always begins. Dill add
ir.g a droll word now and then at Kolb's
prompting. "We got into the Weber &
Fields stunt this way: A few years ago
they bent cut six or seven of their shows
on the road and made a dead failure of
them. Bi:t Joe Howard saw them and
thought he could make 'em go." So he
went to Weber & Fields and asked what
they'd let him have the burlesaues and
whole productions for. They had failed,
and they thought Howard would, and
they asked him only $100 a week for cos
tumes and everything, but made him put
up 11000 guarantee— thought they'd have
him back on their hands in a couple' of
weeks. Howard didn't have a cent "
Kolb one might know on the rtrcct if,
by chance, some one. said "Fischer's."
Dill, never. The hupe-girtheJ, square
bearded Dutchman who nightly delights
you is hardly more unlike Mr. Max M.
Dili than I am. It is not to say that
Mr. Dill is thin— not by 136 pounds, nor
his blue ryes privately less confiding:; but
he Is quite differently plump, otherwise
trustful, than Kolb's vernal evening
"pardnrr." There is not a hair, except
as to brows, on his face, nor a line. With
his wig and beard the burlesquer takes
¦off fully twenty years. Not more than
twenty-five at most would one give him.
end at a glance would label him a uni
versity student who was ambling most
peacefully onward to his degree. He has
eyes of a child-like blue, clear as a
baby's just awakened from his morning's
sleep, and cheeks rosy— fine as an Oregon
apple. His mouth has the droll cut of a
young moon, his nose tips waggishly
aloft, and Mr. Dill has still plenty of
light-brown hair to part In the middle.
Most, perhaps, in his roundness, rosiness.
freshness, the comedian reminds of a
t:rown-up Cupid.
As I have said before, you might pos
sibly know Mr. Kolb if you met him on
the street. His "stoop" is his own, as
well as that cf the "long of it" in the
Dutch team, as he says. Then Mr. Kolb's
massive shoulders and inches— 72 : i — rather
"give him away." His big. shrewd,
humorous nose is unmistakable, too— but
Mr. Kolb is waiting.
His charming little suite at the Prince
ton, that he and Mrs. Kolb — Charlotte
Vidot— have adorned with all the com
forts of a home, quite explained why Mr.
Kolb found the Fischer stage, the cafe,
the dressing-room, all unsuited to the
purposes of interview. Five minutes' on
the cars took us there, during which the
•tig' man told me of the summer. cold he
is righting, of how he has lost only four
/lays • in his two years at Fischer's, and
of the difficulty of getting understudies
in his line of work.
"Where have I seen that face before?"
I thought, as. at length, a tall, stooped,
"husky"' fig-ure. topped by a head that
looked vaguely like some one's one knew,
tame toward me.
"This Is Mr. Kolb." Said Mr. Fried
lander, then turning to the round-faced,
frtth-looking- youth behind him added,
"and Mr. Dill."
kept me in distinctly cheerful
mood while I waited for the release of
"Ko'b and Dill" from rehearsal. At last
1 had persuaded our home Dutch team
to "explanation" thrmselves for my sole
pleasure. Like a potentate of the old
world I had "commanded" a performance
fr»r 3 o'clock last Tuesday at the theater.
The ever-courteous Mr. Friedlander had
arranged It and the unconscious Miss
Emerson furnished a delightful "curtain
raiser."
GERTIE EMERSON, gmjrly ab
porhinp a sandwich while sbe
tripped an impromptu pas seul
round the Fischer cafe— like a
fairy in a gray tailor gown—
"The symphony was preceded by tbe
'Spring' overture of Carl Goldmark. who
is a master of orchestral coloring. Here
it was made evident at once that the
claims of Philadelphia critics that their
city now has one of the best three or four
orchestras in America are well founded.
Mr. Scheel has been so fortunate as to
be able to pay for first-class players,
among whom are some importations from
abroad and some Philadelphians who
were clad to return to their own city as
soon as employment in a first-class band
was assured them. The result is an or
chestra good in all Its departments. Its
playing was a delightful surprise, and so
was the conducting of Mr. Scheel. who
is Indeed, worthy successor of his former
associate, the great Hans von Bulow He
makes his men follow his minutest wishes,
he ohrases with the keenest intelligence,
he overlooks nonsignificant details, and
he knows how to rise to a climax. He Ms.
in a word, a conductor with 1 -
Philadelphia must be congratulated on
having such a conductor at the head of
such an orchestra."
I "Mr. Scheel fc< obviously a master of his
craft— a disciplinarian who obtains re
sults. He presents his demands plainly,
unmistakably, and receives a prompt and
ungrudged response. His men seem to
yield a willing obedience. Positively up
lifting was the elastic nerve with wheih
Goldmark's 'Spring' overture was played
last Wednesday, and the greater part of
Brahms' first symphony was like it."
Mr. Fink of the Evening Post said:
And now here is what some of the New
York people had to say of the Philadel
phia orchestra and Mr. Scheel last season:
H. E. Krehbiel of the New York Trib
une thus expresses himself:
"Philadelphia is not likely to lose any
of its self-respect If it should chance to
learn that it is exceptionally favored in
the possession of such an organization as
that which proved its quality before a
New York audience last Wednesday, and
that the proper appreciation and adequate
support cf Its concerts would go far
toward justifying a large claim to musical
culture on the part of its citizens.
"There is no reason why Philadelphia
should not maintain such concerts. It
has a large population, great wealth and
much culture.
tra. On Tuesday the rehear
sals will begin, and until Friday, life
for the local orchestra will be one long,
grand rehearsal. I saw Herr Scheel on
the evening of his arrival, tired from his
six days' travel, but still the fiery en
thusiast that left here four yeara ago for
his Philadelphia triumphs.
Scheel will have almost seventy men
under his baton, those principally * no
were heard under Mascagnl, He brings
with him music galcre. of the newest
schools, and of the old. Here are some oi
the things that are among those to be
heard during the ten concerts that will
form the series. Tschaikowsky will be
newly represented by his Symphony No.
3 and the Suite, op. 43. No. 1 that will
be given at the concert of Friday after
noon next: the tone poem. "The Lake of
Swans." The favorite "Pathetlque sym
phony will most probably also be given.
Quite new also is the tone poem Le
gende.- by Sibelius, a young Flnlander.
who ha* the curious distinction of being
supported by the Finnish Government as
the national musician—a musical laure-
Then Grieg has some new symphonic
dances; there is a symphony by Gem
stein. "Miriam"; a d' Albert overture
"Aus der Improvisator"; a "Lustsplel
overture by Rezincek; the Vorsplel from
the second act of Max Schilling's "Ing
welde": two Konigskinder. by Fritz \ oil
bach; the "King Lear" overture by Ber
lioz; a ballet suite by Glazounow: 'Liebes
fruhllng" overt-are by the new Schumann.
Georg. Then the Handel Grosso Concerto
may be given for the first time here and
a large list of other fine numbers.
Brahms is twice on the list of sym
phonies, Beethoven, of course, and alt of
the older favorites.- From these the con
ductor will surely be able to make some
excellent programmes, distinguished alike
for novelty and beauty. The first prom
ises admirably. Here it 13:
Overture, "In Spring," Goldmark; Sym
phony No. 2, C maj.. Schumann; Suite,
op. 43. No. 1. Tschaikowsky (first time);
overture, "Tannhauser," Wagner (by re
quest).
Mr. Shatter Howard, business manager
for the society, desires me to announce
that the membership fee has been reduced
from $6 a year to $3. and that applica
tions for membership may be mad© to
him at room 91, Crocker building. An
encouraging Interest in the concerts has
already been displayed and a large mem
bership is almost an assured thing.
Tickets for the concerts will be on sale
to-morrow morning at Sherman & Clay's
music store, and the concert of this week
begins at 3:15 sharp on Friday afternoon
next at the Grand Opera-house.
¦~* N Friday afternoon next will
£T be given the first concert of
H H the 1903-1904 season by Herr
& B Fritz Scheel and the San
Francisco Symphony Orches-
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, AUGUST 0> 1903.
46In view of the fact that the supreme
chief ranger will visit this city between
October 18 and 24, the San Francisco
board of deputies has made arrangements
to' secure four hundred strangers' and
have them initiated in a class while the
head of the order Is here. At a meeting
of the deputies last week arrangements
were made to carry into effect the pur
pose of the board.
Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger Stewart
recently visited Court Sutter at Sacra
mento. There was a--good attendance
and among those present were a number
of- the members of the Companion Court
of Woodland. Subsequently he .accom-
In response to an invitation from High
Chief Ranger Cooper to Supreme Chief
Ranger Dr. Oronhyatekha to attend the
High Court session to be held in Stockton
In October, the supreme officer has re
plied that it will give him great pleas
ure to attend the session and he ex
presses the Irope that the Foresters of
S.an Francisco and vicinity will on the
occasion of his visit present him a class
of several hundred candidates for initia
tion.
. .. - » ¦ r
night of his visit seventeen applications
on the secretary's desk. The court has
promised fifty more before October. :
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF
SAN FRANCISCO FRATER
NAL ORGANIZATIONS.
Arrangements for the picnic on Septem
ber 9 under the auspices of Court Yerba
Buena [ are progressing very favorably.
The~ sub-committees r have arranged a
number : of games • and races. Including
High Chief Ranger Cooper has offered
the following prizes to the courts that
shall for the class initiation on October
19 secure and have initiated the largest
number of candidates: The one standing
highest, $50; the, next, $30, and the next,'
$20.
During, the past . week the high chief
ranger, in company of Deputy Supreme
Chief Ranger Stewart and General Dep
uty Comeron, visited the court at Palo
Alto,' where the members had a celebra
tion In commemoration of the ninth an
niversary of the Institution. of the court.
The officers named also visited Mayfield
and Mountain View. .
panied the high chief ranger on his visit
to Court Oakland. High Marshal Mur
phy and General Deputy Cameron were
also present. There were a number of ad
dresses under good of the order that
were intended to keep alive the spirit that
Is noticeable '^In that court. The indica
tions are that Oakland will soon have an
energetic Companion Court. During the
last week the supreme deputy visited all
the courts that met here and talked up
the big class initiation.
On the evening of the last Thursday In
July Court Mission No. 13C9 had an "at
home" in its assembl>* hall in Mission
Opera Hall. .There was a good attendance
of members and invited guests, who were
entertained with good music under the di
rection of General Deputy O. K. Brown,
the several numbers being greatly appre
ciated. During the evening there; were
served light refreshments and a dainty
collation. This court, which holds its
meetings on the second and fourth Thurs
days'of the month, has after business en
tertaining lectures by. the court physician,
progressive whist and other events to
make the meeting place an Interesting
one to visit. ,
A. W. Stremmel. past commander; C.
E. Montgomery, commander; G. C. Free
man, record keepen Luther Elklns,
finance keeper: George Seegar, chaplain;
W." E. Martin, sergeant: William Pirrie.
master at arms; B. : F. Lewis, first, and
S. Sllberberg, second master of the
guards; Charles Taylor, sentinel; J. C.
Goisinger, picket.
After the installation there was a pro
gramme of entertainment, when the fol
lowing numbers were contributed: Vocal
selections, E. G. Hermance; song and
dance, Frances and Dougherty;
vocal selections. Miss Corbeley; recita
tions, J. G. Hermance and Miss Par
rott; ballfcds, Andrew Roberts. Dur
ing the social session Sir Knight O. C.
Pratt, on behalf of the tent, presented A.
W. Stremmel, the retiring commander, a
past commander's jewel.
At, a review of the San Francisco Tent
July 24 J. M. Mattox of St. Louis, who is
visiting this city, was present and ad
dressed the sir knights. In the course of
his remarks he stated that. he had seen
the degree conferred by more than 700
teams and that in no tent had : t «jver
been conferred with such perfection as in
Golden West Tent No. 58 of this city.
"The members of that team." said he,
"are so perfect that they can travel in
any part of the United States and teach
the teams of any of the tents they may
visit. San Francisco Tent No. 18 ought to
have its team the equal of that of Golden
West."
There is a team on the other side of the
bay that, having heard of this, proposes
to get up a team and challenge Golden
West's -team.
A nrtwtet't of the order will soon be In
stitute <1 In the town of San I<eandro.
After th^' recent installation of the offi
cers of San Francisco Tent tfir Knight
George V. LeroJ, on behalf of the tent,
nraaanted Junior Past Commander *?ri>'ir-
Knights of the Maccabees
DURING the third review of Gold
en West Tent of the Knights of
the Maccabees in July the follow
ing named were Installed as officers for
the current term:
Knights and Ladies.
THE following named have been
Installed as the officers of Pacific
Lodge, Knights and Ladles of
Honor, for the current term by Grand
Trustee J. J. Downey, assisted by Mrs.
D. J. Kaplan, Grand Protector L. G.
Wolfe, Emma Qultzow. S. D. P.; Ellen
Fitzgerald and Grand Secretary H. -W.
Quitzow:
C. J. Falkensteln, past protector; Ella
M. Pool, protector: Jennie Dlnklage, vice
protector; A. Aikin, recording and finan
cial' secretary; J. ,C. Peters, treasurer;
Mrs. S. E. Alklns, chaplain: Frances
ClodI, guide; Mrs. S. G. Falkenstein,
guardian: Lizzie E. Kennison, sentinel.
After the ceremoriy, performed In a very
creditable manner, the meeting was ad
dressed by Grand . Protector Wolfe and
other, grand officers, also by members of
the lodge. All expressed satisfaction with
the very favorable condition of .the order
as shown by the statements of those who
spoke, and it was stated that there Is a
great future, for this order In the juris
diction of California and of Pacific Lodge
in particular. After the good of the or
der there was a fine collation and more
talks of a general, character.
Golden Rule Lodge had the following
installed as ¦ its officers for the . current
term by. Deputy Grand Protector Z.. T.
Whitten.l assisted by a ;> number of the
grand officers:
Marlon G. Perry, P. P.: Mrs. P. Dunz
weller, P. : Mrs. , A. W. Mershon. V. P. ;
Dr. F. Kemp Van Ee, F. and R. S.; J.
Dunzweiler; T.; Mrs. M. Haynes. T.; Mrs.
A. A. Morton, G; Mrs. A. J. r Budd, Gd.
The installation was followed by a num-
novelties along that line, and suitable
prizes will be given to the winners. Court
Southern Heights at its meeting August
4 appointed a committee to assist in mak
ing the picnic a success.
Court Yerba Buena will give an enter
tainment and dance in Laurel Hall, Shiels
building, August 12, when the feature of
the evening will be a musical farce en
titled "Rubber: or, the Dutchman's Di
lemma," the characters being assumed by
members of the court and the companion
court, under the direction of Dr. H. M.
Beck as stage manager.
« — . —
Independent Foresters.
HIGH CHIEF RANGER O. S.
COOPER during the latter part
of July visited Stockton, where
he placed an organizer in charge of the
work In that city some time ago. He
found gatisfactory results in the increase
in the membership of Court Yosemlte,
with the prospects of the addition of fifty
new members in that subordinate before
the session of the High Court In that
city October 20. He also visited Court
Oakland and found that in that very
energetic subordinate there were on the
The officers of Forget-Me-Not Lodge. D.
of H., were installed in the latter part of
July In the lodgeroom. which was most
tastefully decorated for the occasion.
There were present almost the entire
membership, as well as members from
other lodges of the order. The lodge was
opened with a pretty drill by the officers,
which was originated and taught by Dr.
Blanche I* Sanborn. past chief of honor.
The installation ceremony was conducted
by Miss Lucy McNear as grand chief of
honor, assisted by Mrs. Wilkins, Mrs.
Bane. Mrs. Van Coort and Mrs. Linda G.
Molloy, the latter acting as grand usher.
The new officers are: Mrs. Manning,
chief of honor; Miss Martha lister, past
chief of honor: Miss Brotherton, lady of
honor; Miss Peck, chief of ceremonies;
Miss Mabel Le.ster. usher: Miss Ferlen,
inside watch; Miss Rothganger. receiver;
E. Lee, financier; Mrs. Hawley. recorder;
M. Shalon, outer watch, and F. Roth
ganger, A. to C. of H.
After the ceremony Past District Dep
uty Hawley on behalf of the lodge, pre
sented to Past Chief of Honor Dr.
Blanche L»*. Sanborn a valuable jewel In
appreciation of her services while filling
the chair of chief, during which time
she initiated sixty-nine candidates, being
more than double the initiations by any
other chief of the lodge. The recipient
responded in well chosen words, after
which flowers, donated by Past Grand
Master Workman E. Danforth. were*pre
sented to Miss Martha Lester, Mrs. Nan
ning and Miss McNear. After the pre
sentations and congratulatory speeches
there was a musical and literary pro
gramme and dancing.
District Deputy Grand Chief of Honor
Lucy McNear, assisted by Ella Van
Court. Sadie Spencer, Anna Lee, Linda
G. Malloy and Alice Hawley, acting as
grand officers, installed the following
named as the officers for Carnation Lodge
of the Degree of Honor for the current
six months: : ,.;VJ;
Miss Gertrude Glosser. past chief of
honor: Mrs. Nellie McColl, chief of honor;
Mrs. Margaret Mead, lady of honor; Miss
Mae Core, chief of ceremonies: Miss
Olive Pearl Miller, recorder; Mrs. Hen
rietta Lee. financier; Dr. Mary F. Kava
nagh. receiver: Miss Kathrine Wilson,
usher: Miss Addie Reid, inner watch, and
Dr. C. T. Hansen. outer watch.
The ceremony of installation and the
drill by the officers were very favorably
commented upon by the many persons
present, it being a public installation.
After the ceremony Mrs. Dora Wilkins.
P. C. of H., presented, on behalf of the
lodge, to Gertrude Glosser. the outgoing
chief, a past officer's emblem, after which
Miss Rose Convee. M. Van Hoovenberg.
Sam Booth and Linda G. Molloy enter
tained with vocal and Instrumental music
and recitations. Then followed dancing
until a late hour.
Miss Olive Pearl Miller, recorder of
Carnation Lodge of the Degree of Honor,
v/ho was recently elected for the third
consecutive term, has been a member of
the Degree of Honor for a number of
years and affiliated with Carnation Lodge
at its Institution en transfer from Prog
ress Lodge. The young lady Is an ardent
worker and is frequently called upon .to
recite at fraternal entertainments, as she
has a fine voice and recites with much
dramatic effect. She is also a member
of other societies.
as to the new rates that were adopted at
the recent session of the Supreme Lodge,
and in addition to this the entire working
force of the grand recorder's office is en
gaged in sending to the individual mem
bers of the order a circular by the grand
master and a copy of the official organ,
which documents are a further explana
tion of the new system that the Grand
Ledge of this State will act upon next
month.
The last of the installations of this or
der in this city was that of the officers of
Bay City Lodge, whose names have al
ready been published. There was a very
large attendance and all of the grand of
ficers were present. The music incidental
to the ceremony was by Mrs. J. J. Dow
ney, who during the installation season
this term was pianist at nearly every
lodge. The addresses of the grand of
ficers were, on this occasion, of more than
usual interest, particularly those -of the
grand protector, L. G. Wolfe, and Grand
Secretary Qultzow. All spoke in most
cheering terms* of the condition of the or
ganization generally and of the prospects
for the California jurisdiction during the
current Knights' and Ladies' year. It
was announced that there will be a large
class initiation. Thanks were extended
to Z. T. Whitten. and the other grand of
ficers for the manner in which they had
conducted the Installation ceremonies and
then bouquets were presented to Mrs.
Downey and others In appreciation *of
Bfrvices rendered the lodge and the or
der. A luncheon was then served and a
social hour followed.
- Under good of the order the audience
was addressed in German and in English
by" grand officers and others, including a
number of visitors. All expressed satis
faction with the progress and prosperity
of Martha Lodge and wished that all the
lodges in the jurisdiction might follow the
pace set by the German lodge of San
Francisco. After the speechmaking was
at an end the hospitality of the sitting
lodge was made manifest.
ber of addresses of an Instructive nature,
after which all partook of an excellent
luncheon.
The next installation was that of the
officers of Martha, the German and most
active of the local lodges. The installing
officer was A. Gompertz, acting as grand
protector, assisted by Marie Hahn as
grand guide and all of the grand officers,
except the grand protector, who was un
avoidably absent. The work was very
creditable and was favorably commented
upon at the close. The new officers of
this lodge are: *
Mrs. M. Gompertz. P. P.; L. Conn, P.;
J. Muller, V. P.; Antoinette Graff, »S.;
Charles Lackerman, F. S.; H. Friedland
er, T.; M. Kohler. C; Miss J. Hahn. G.:
M. Moldenhauer, Gd.; B. Humlner. Sen
tinel.
Jubilee Lodge had a bonbon party and
entertainment August 4. The following
was the, programme: Piano solo, Jeanette
Howell; recitation. Mrs. H. W. Ostoff;
sketch. Lizzie Stanton and BJanche Bon
ner: Jokes of ' the day. H. w. Osthoff;
"Just a few words." J. T. Gibson. The
affair was under the direction of Mrs.
J. T. Gibson, Mrs. Nordman and Messrs.
Jacob?, Gibson and Mrs. Dobbins. . After
the programme there was the distribution
uf bonbons, followed by dancinf.
?
The Rebekahs.
TEMPLAR REBEKAK LODGE
had ' a private "at home" after
lodge business on the first Sat
urday in August in celebration of the
twenty-ninth anniversary of the institu
tion of the lodge. There were a number
of members of the order as special guests
and these, tojtether with the members,
were entertained with a good programme
of music and literary numbers. This
lodge has arranged for an open meeting
on the nieht of August 13.
The first of a series of entertainments
that are to be given under the supervi
sion of the recently Installed noble grand
of Amity Lodge. Ada Z. Stltes, was given
in Eureka Hall of the Odd Fellows' build-
Ing August 8 under the name of a "pro
verb party." There was a good attend
ance and the affair was a very enjoyable
itt'rs Antoinette Shaw. P. N. G.. who
recently returned from an extended visit
East, has been appointed drill mistress
of Amity Rebekah Lodge.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will have A
night in Boston" in Prospect Hall of the
Odd Fellows* buildtn* August 10, when
there w!!l be a short Bostonese pro
gramme, a supper of baked beans, brown
bread and coffee, after which there will
be dancing, such as is prevalent in the
Hub.
San Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps,
having accepted the invitation to attend
the grand encampment at Paso Robles in
October the people In that locality may
expect a rare treat In the line of fancy
drills. The members of the corps, after
having rested for some time, had a prac
tice drill last week and all fell into line
like soldiers. Prior to the departure for
Paso Robles the corps trill have an exhi
bition drill and ball in this city.
X X TESTERN ADDITION CAMP
%/%/ ot 'the Woodmen of the World
V V had an "at home" In Its forest
in Pioneer building on the last Friday
in July, and it was attended by more
people than could crowd into the place.
There was a pleasing programme of en
tertainment that was supplemented by
a candle contest- that is, suessinar how
long It would take for a candle to burn
down to a certain point— and by an ex
hibition drill by the team of Golden Gate
Circle, W. O. W., under the captaincy
of Allie Perrln. The numbers that were
offered for the members of the camp and
the invited guests were:
Piano solo. Miss Tanlng: vocal solo,
Phil Lindenbaum: fancy dancing, Miss
Kerrlson; vocal selections, Sadie Davis;
piano selection.-?. Miss Lichenstein; bone
solo. M. Irvine': recitation. Miss Agnes
B. King: recitation. Floy Carr; special
ties, Ben Bert and M. Franklin.
In the candle • contest Sadie Davis of
Golden Gate Circle carried away the first
prize and May Nolan the second. The
first came within three minutes of the
time and the second within four hours.
The drill was a marvel of perfection and
was loudly applauded. The affair was
directed by Neighbors Shaw, Marsh and
Carroll. >.<
Redwood Circle No. 72 has left its head
quarters in the Pythian Castle and will
hereafter meet in Eagles' Hall on Tues
day nights. The removal to new head
quarters was celebrated August 4 by a
house warming, at which there were
present more than 300 people, who all
admired the commodious quarters into
which the circle has moved. There was
a programme of entertainment under the
direction of the committee of arrange
ments composed of the officers, with
Guardian Neishbor Theresa C. Ambrose
as chairman and mistress of ceremonies.
The several numbers were: Piano recital.
Gertie Cowles; recitation. Miss Perry:
song and dance. Miss Long; vocal selec
tions, M. Frank. Mabel McNally. Cecil
Cowles and M. Franklin, and song and
c?ance. M. Montague. The programme was
followed by dancing until midnight.
Haven Circle on August 4 had fts offi
cers Installed for the current term by
Past Guardian Neighbor Mrs. Hester Bell
Oliver In its hall in the Pioneer build
ing. The officers for the current term
are: Mrs. J. W. Mitchell, guardian neigh
bor (third term>: Mrs. F. Nicholson, past
guardian neighbor: Lizzie Merrill, ad
viser: Dorothy Thornhill. clerk; Mrs. Roh
ler. banker: Lizzie Tobin. magician; May
McKuen. outside sentinel: Norah Cutting,
inside sentinel: Mrs. McRose. J. W,
Mitchell. Mrs. Walling, managers. After
the ceremonies there was a social hour
and the serving of refreshments. This
circle is making good progress and add
ing to its membership at a rate that will
soon place It In the front rank.
The local camps of the Woodmen of
the World have accepted the Invitation
of the Grand Army parade committee to
participate in the parade of the Grand
Army on Auggst 18. Each camp will make
a special display and every drill and de
gree team In uniform will b« In line.
Golden Gate Carrip at Its last held meet-
Ing made arrangements to "trot out" U»
monster ax on that occasion.
Woodcraft.
Upon the call of State Commanders. W.
Hall there will be a convention In Pioneer
Hall In this city, August 19. of all the rec
ord keepers of this jurisdiction. In the
evening there will be a ball In the Golden
Gate avenue Armory, when the Ladies of
the Maccabees will be In attendance and
will assist at a reception to be tendered
the record keepers.
Th«rc has been unusual activity recent
ly in San Francisco Hive of the Ladies of
the Maccabees and the meetings are al
ways well attended. The drill team of
this hive, under command of Captain
Kate Hare, will make Its first public ap
pearance on the occasion of a ball to b«
given In Golden Gate avenue Armory on
the evening of August 19. The drill by
this corps cf twenty ladies is sali to b<s
Vie best that has ever been seen in a fra
ternal society.
The ladles' night given by San Francis
co Tent on the last Friday in July was a
delightful function. The hall in the Pio
neer building in which It was held was
crowded with an audience in which the
ladies predominated, and these were en
tertained with a programme made up of
the following numbers:
Instrumental selections, the Emll Hei
don Mandolin* and Zither Club; vocal
duet, Ida J. Leroi and Kate Hare: piano
recital. J. H. Halloway; recitation.
"Baby" Mack; bandolin solo. F.'Kenlve;
recitation. E. MacParrott; soprano solo.
Miss E. Shade. Sir Knight George V.
Lerol was the master of ceremonies and
a most acceptable one he proved to be.
After the programme a collation was
served and then there was dancing until
midnight.
son a beautiful diamond badge of th«
rank of past commander in recognition of
his services as presiding: officer durinst the
previous term. Th© uniform rank of the
tent had a day and night at the Chufs
July 29, and on the following night the
tent had an open meeting for its friends
in Pioneer Hall.
EXPLANATIONS «re in order in
th* Ancient Order of United
Workmen. The grand master.
pran/1 recorder, deputy irrsnd master,
grand organizer, regular and special dep
uties and the deputies of the several
lodges are explaining to the tnemberB in
«i» lodges with a view to educating; them
The Workmen.
stalled the following named as the officers
of Gfnevjeve Parlor:
Mrs. Emma Matheson, president; Lottie
Bomilla. Hannah Twohig and Mary Miley.
vice presidents; Nora Regan, financial
secretary; B. Pcguillan. recording secre
tary; Ullie Borle. treasurer: M. Giblin.
marshal; Annie i'layhough and L. Turner,
sentinels; M. Flaherty. Mamie fallen and'
M. Miley. trustees: May Richards, organ
ist; Emma Nonnemann. past president.
After the installation th? retiring presi
dent was. by the parlor, presented a sun
burst pin with a diamond center, and
emblematic pins of the order were pre
sented to Mrs. Troy and to Annie Avers.
Then followed the presentation of a large
basket of delicate flowers to the new
president. Mrs. Matheson. The presenta
tions were followed by addresses and the
serving of refreshments. There were
many visitors.
The following have been installed as the
officers of Sans Souci Parlor for the cur
rent term. Miss Nellie Mulcay. D. D. G.
P., bring the installing office::
Edna Levy, past president* Leah Wil
liams, president; Jessie Hurter. Grace
Magner and Lucetta Perry, vice presi
dents; Minnie F. Dobbin, recording secre
tary; Sarah Whitman, financial secretary;
Dora Blum, treasurer; Tessie Richardson,
marshal: Annie Walter, insid;. and Marie
Uassoni, outside sentinel; Fanny Daniels.
.Mary Mooney and Theresa Magner, trus
fes: Dr. J. Quigley, physician.
Mrs. Edna Levy, on retiring from ihe
chair of president, was presented by the
parlor with a cutglass decanter and tray
and a number of her personal friends pre
sented her with a cutglass punch bow!. A
large basket of flowers was given to the
newly installed president and a bunch of
carnations was presented to the district
deputy. This parlor is making arrange
ments for a banquet to be given to Dora
Bloom and Mary Mooney, who were the
parlor's representatives at the Grand Par
lor in Red Bluff.
Placer Parlor No. 13S of Lincoln re
ceived the first prize for the best disp'ay
in the Fourth of July parade In that
place. The float was emblematic of the
order. California was represented by
Miss Carrie Parlin. Minerva by Miss Ma
bel Fuller and Columbia by Miss Jessie
Dillian. Each was appropriately cos
tumed and they were surrounded by trie
following- maids of honor: Mrs. Ella
Winchester. Mrc. Clara Latorde, Mrs.
Marie Fuller, Miss Kate Jenkins, Mrs.
Mary Mulligan and Miss Josie Findley.
The float was handsome and a credit to
the ladies who supervised its arrange
ment. This parlor has had installed the
following officers for the current term:
Amy Brown, past president; Beitha
Landis, president; Carrie Parlin. Eliza
beth Fleming and Jessie Di'lian. vice
presidents: Mabel Adams, recording, and
Ixjis Gladding, financial secretary; Adclla
Brown, treasurer: Etta Leavell, marshal;
Marie Fuller and Clara I^abc.rde, senti
nels; Frances Landis. Mary Finney and
Mary Missn«-r, trustees; Emma Jansen,
crganist.
The following is a list of the official
visits by Grand President Stella Finktl
d»-y during August:
August 3. Minerva Parlor. San Fran
cisco: 4th, Martinez: Cth. Colfax: 7th.
Loyalton; Mh, Sierravllle; 11th, Sierra
City; ll'th. Downieville; 13th. Nevada
City; 14th. Grass Valley; 15th. French
Corral: 16th, Lincoln; IMh. Red Bluff;
2<>th. tVeavervflle; *:d. Shasta; 2Cth. Saw
yers Ear; 27th. Ktna Mills; 2Sth, Fort
Jones, and 31st, Anderson.
The first official vi.<it paid by Grand
President Stella FinkHdey during her
term was that to Minors Parlor No. 2 ot
this city, one of th»- most loyal and truly
fraternal ot the local parlors. A visit to
this? parlor is a pleasure to one ¦with a
fraternal spirit. f<ir there self i« sunk, and
all that the Minerva girl? work for is the
common good, the upbuilding and not the
tearing down of the order. The visitor
was received with a cordial, whole-souled
welcome, that was dignified and which
<-ieated a pleasant impression on the
many non-members of the parlor who
wished, to s«-e the grand officer. The hall
was filk-d with a dellctoui perfume from
thousands of blouosu. The work of the
ordej was conducted in a manner that
tailed forth commendation, and the busi
ness methods and the demeanor of the
members also came in for praise. Those
who had never before visited the parlor
were informed that the Minerva girls had
not "put on" for the occasion, but that
the same characteristics may be noticed
at alt meetings. After the business of the
evening was over the grand president
made a pleasant address, after which
Miss Minnie A. Wall, the president, on be
half of the parlor presented her a beauti
ful vase as a souvenir of her visit to a
per lor that wishes her success during her
tr-rm. Then Past Grand President Mrs.
Mary E. Tillmsn was called to the altar,
when the president presented her a hano
scme emblematic pin in grateful apprecln-"
(ton of her as a true Native Daughter and
of her difinterested services for the par
lor and order. Then followed addresses
»>y Junior Past Grand President Keith
and Grand Secretary Frakcs. After the
meeting icecream and cakes were served.
On the e\-ening of August 3 the new
officers of Keith Parlor, whose names
h*ve already been published In this de
partment, were Installed by District Dep
uty Grand President Miss G. Carroll, as
t-Ifted by Miss M. H. O'Brien of Pinole
Parlor acting as grand marshal. The cere
mony wa* conduoted with an unusual
amount of impressiveness, and after the
work there was the presentation of a
handsome pin to Edith Hrown. the retir
ing president, and flowers to the deputy.
Then there was a recitation. "The Chariot
Ride" from "Ben Hur." by Miss Tanner,
enf vocal selections by Miss Langton,
rIro a few words of congratulation by
Junior Pact Grand President Eliza D.
Krtth and Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frake*, after which there was an ad
journment to allow the membership to
visit Minerva Parlor, where Grand Presi
dent Finkeldey was visiting.
?
/^ I "V" I *\ HK fR " ani1 l^ ara!=o1 party by
(j Minerva Parlor. Native Daugh
11 ters of the Golden West, in aid
I] of its fund for the sick mem-
hfrs of the parlor, given in the
latter part' of July in I'nion
Square Hall, was well attended, showing
that when there is a rail to assist in a
deserving cause the friends ot Minerva
Parlor never fall to respond. There was
a programme of twelre dances with 1hre»
extras. The affair pram under the direc
tion of the following n;imed:
Committee of arranecments- Agnes F.
Tierney, Minnie A. Wall. Mrs. Pender
gast. Mr5. L. Wall. Miss Dempsey, Mrs.
Granville, Lena M. Wilson. Margaret
Wynne. Nellie Wynne. Mr?. Gorman.
Elinor Anderson; floor managrcr. Minnie
A. Wall; assistant floor mana^r, Lena
Wilson; reception committee — Mrs. Ser
acmo. Miss Miller. Ada Dillon. Emma
Schalich. Emllie Fcherrer, Mrs. L. G.
Shade. Addie Silva, Mrs. Vorratii. Annie
Quinn. . '
Mrs. Agnos Troy. D. D. G. P., has in-
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUSDAY, AUGUST 9, 1903.
47fact that she looks younger this year
than ever. She wears white shirt waist
suits during the day, of course. (Nearly
everybody does at Del Monte.) Her even
ing gowns are light and vastly becoming.
Her white lace confections are particu-
Miss Russell, whose engagement to
Clement Tobin has Just been announced,
is at Del Monte with her mother and
stepfather, the De ¦ Sablas. Her^fiance,
who is also at the hotel. Is very devoted
to her. Miss Russclf/is a tall blonde with
a Gibsonesque figure and considerable
beauty. Sho will, bet decidedly- beautiful
In her bridal robes of white.
¦ ¦..• • > ¦ • /¦•
Tom McGrew, a brother of Mrs. Cooper,
has gone to. Paris. While passing through
this city he was entertained extensively
and made a short stay at :Del, Monte,
where he was seen with Mr. Greenwood
and Mr. Earle. Mr. McGrew has resigned
his position with the bank of Bishop &
Co., '-¦• Honolulu, and will remain abroad
three years. , *
• • •
Mrs. Burton Harrison gave a Spanish
dinner at Monterey, last Thursday even-
ing. ¦ Fourteen guests were .: hospitably
entertained and returned later in their
various traps and brakes, comprising a
delightful coaching party by the light of '
' Mr. and Mrs. Burton ; Harrison ¦. Jr. (nee.
Crocker) are at Del • Monte. A few days
ago Mrs. Harrison gave a picnic for a
dozen friends. , The merry party drove to
a secluded, spot, supplied- with an elabo
rate luncheon, and two butlers to serve .
the viands. • '
One voice missed at the jinks last night
was that of Billy Hopkins, who has al
ways helped out the performance with
his-, glorious voice and jovial manner.
This year he enjoyed the affair as a spec
tator—a pleasure which his good nature
has""well earned. ' .
• * - •
. F. Saunders Foster, Charles Wiggins,
Charles Bingley Clark and J. E. Rodgers,
all of St. Louis, have just returned from
Mexico, where they own one of the rich
est mlnea^ the Carro Verde, of which Ed
ward H. Hoag has just been appointed
general manager and superintendent. Mr.
Hoag is a graduate of Berkeley, '97.
Mrs. Robert W. Campbell and Miss Ger
trude Campbell gave a luncheon Thurs
day at the Grill in honor of Miss Bessie
Taylor and Hermann Meyer, whose wed
ding will take place September 2. The
bride's home. 1911 Pine street, will be the
scene of the nuptials.
• • •
Miss Ella Bender and others have teen
guests of Charlie Field at his camp n«ar
The Boardmanj are at Lake Tahos.
Well-Known Society Girl, Who Is a Pianiste of Note and a Daring Horsewoman and a Social Favorite, Who Is Going East
Young Templeton Crocker is the most
reckless chauffeur who has ' thus far
escaped with his life. He flies about Del
Walter Martin gave an elaborate din
ner on Wednesday evening in the break
fast room at Hotel Del Morite. Covers
were laid for thirty guests and the table
was lavishly decorated with cut flowers.
Among those present were: Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, the Frank Carolans, the Rudolph
Sprefkels, Miss Virginia Jollfre. the Billy
Irwins. the J. A. Folgers, Mrs. Towne
and Mrs. Worden, James Phelan. Mrs,
Morgan, Miss Morgan and Miss Therese
Morgan, the Burton Harrison Jrs.
• ¦¦ ¦.'* '* .*
the sailors' charity concert last winter
having won much admiration from her
appreciative listeners.
Miss Cella Tobln, wtio is * the only
daughter at present under the maternal
roof at California and Taylor streets. Is
one of the most accomplished young
women In society. She is an excellent
whip and rides as well as her brothers
play polo. Miss Tobin Is also a good
planiste, her beautiful Interpretations at
Mrs. Frank Carolan Is nothing If not
individual, and wears exquisite gowns
with a style quite distinctive. She is per
haps a little like Mrs. Patrick Campbell
In her slender figure, the simple lines of
her gowns and her black hair, parted in
the middle and waved back over the ears.
This style of low halrdresslng, which i£
again regaining popularity, was Intro
duced in the West .last winter by Mrs.
William K. Vanderbilt Jr. White lace
gowns are chosen by Mrs. Carolan for
evening wear, and she possesses many ex.
quislte .creations In all varieties of rare
lace. Mrs. Carolan has the good taste to
wear very few jewels and these simple
but expensive gowns— usually a single
string of pearls about her throat.
A score of millionaires might ' get lost
in the city of New York, but they certain
ly moke a brilliant showing at Del Monte.
It seems almost a pity that they are so
far removed from the madding crowd,
many of whom would stand on tiptoe by
the hour to get a good look at these peo
ple, and to realize that multi-millionaires
actually eat and live like others— or as
they, themselves, would like to do.
Among the people of fortune at Del
Monte are the Francis CarQlans, the
William Irwins. James Phelan, Mrs. Elea
nor Martin, the M. H. de Youngs. Mrs. J.
Parker Whitney, the Misses Cudahy of
Chicago, the William Burton Harrisons,
the J. A. Folgers. Miss Dolbeer, J. H.
Dwight, vice president of the State Sav
ings Bank. Chicago: Charles W. Clark,
son of the copper king; J. H. Hately of
Chicago, the E. S. Rothschilds, the C. E.
Wordens, the Louis Schwabachers and W.
Haas.
The frailties of a few members of the
club were brought out in ludicrous and
side-splitting portrayal. Mr.' Wilson bore
the thrusts with much good humor, for
his thrilling adventures in the Yosemlte
during the recent visit of President Roose
velt were parodied with great cleverness.
Mr. Jorgenson, the artist, was no mean
second In bearing the witticisms from
Mr. Garnet's facile pen. This interesting
scene discovers characters representing
Mr. Wilson and Mr. Jorgenson putting
up triumphant arches of welcome for the
President. Mr. Aitkln also is not spared
and the startling poses In imitation of
his most famous statues were excruciat
ingly funny.
Hotaling. who also distinguished him
self.
With the closing tableau, which was the
sacrifice to the god of the sun— the "piece
de resistance" of the evening, the audi
ence and performers adjourned to another
part of the grove and had an extensive
and soul-warming banquet. When this
was finished all were in a fit humor to
appreciate the witticisms and travesties
of Porter Garnet's low Jinks which fol
lowed. He, \Jke Mr. Aitkln, has devoted
himself assiduously to the success of
these jinks.
Mrs. Clinton Worden lives in white,
which may have something to do with the
Mrs. Walter Martin's horsemanship is
her chief accomplishment. Only a few
days ago she managed four horses with
skillful hands, driving a party of friends
at Del Monte. She was hatless and her
face became ever rosier than usual m the
cold wind.
Miss Josephine Loughborough will leave
In early autumn for New York City,
where she will visit her sister, Mrs. Allen
Wallace. Since her return, from Napa
County early In the season Miss Lough
borough has been spending a quiet sum
mer in town, and therefore will be in a
position to appreciate the delights of
Gotham. Mrs. Wallace will entertain ex
tensivefy for her sister during her visit.
The earthquake last Sunday evening
caused more prayers to be said by people
in ultra-fashionable society than had been
heard— at least after dinner— for many a
day. To pray, and pray fast, seemed to
be the first thing people thought of when
the walls began to tremble and the second
shock continued longer than usual. One
worthy woman of years now at Del Monte
not only prayed herself, but Instructed
her maid to take up her rosary and do
likewise.
• • •
Monte in a large, high-speed machine with
the confidence of a fatalist. He takes his
friends to and from the races. He re
cently came very near having an acci
dent like the Fairs and his anxious friends
insist that, having so much to live for,
he should be more careful with his auto-
Jack Wilson took tip his abode at the
grove a' week in advance of the jinks
and rehearsed busily, as he took a prin
cipal part la the high jinks with Dick
In the principal role, which he played
last night. Mr. Aitkln was as little ham
pered by habiliments as a year ago, when
he created the artistic sensation of the
jinks as the Indian runner, who made a
wild zigzag run down the wooded hill to
the front of nhe stage with the limelight
playing upon his bronzed figure.
Mr. AJtkin, who was stage manager,
went up on Tuesday, taking elaborate
scenery and costumes specially designed
by himself. Every detail had been given
scrupulous attention. A new feature of
this year's production was the back
ground of a large panoramic drop cur
tain, representing an Aztec settlement.
On previous occasions arising hill cov
ered with trees served as a background.
The brunt of the hard work of prepara
tion fell upon the shoulders of Robert
Aitken, the sculptor, who had given his
entire time and energy for several weeks
past to make the production an artistic
success.
The midsummer jinks given last even
ing by the talented members of the Bo
hemian Club at their camp In Bohemian
Grove surpassed In artistic merit any
production given for many a season. The
scenic effects were on a larger scale than
usual and the cast of characters was
specially large, nearly 100 performers ap
pearing upon the stage at once.
The subject was the story of Monte
zuma, the Aztec chief of olden times,
whose picturesque life exploits and down
fall and subsequent sacrifice to the god
of the sun were vividly and ably depicted
through the lyrics of Robertson, the sire
of the Jinks, and the unusually character
istic melodies of Dr. H. J. Stewart.
Mrs. Carolan wore a handsome white
coat over a gown of lavender and white,
with hat of the same color scheme.
Frank Carolan's drag was the smartest
turnout seen at - the tournaments last
ueck and carried many a merry party of
friends to and from the tracks, with four
horses in front and a bugler behind. Mr.
<'arolan ts a good driver and always takes
the reins himself. The Carolans had in
their party for the races Frank Grace
and hie bride, formerly Thcodosa Cook
Martin, and her fIst. Miss Martin, and
two or three gentlerm u. Mrs. Grace wore
« piquant suit of white alpaca, with col
lar and trimmings of stitched blue silk;
also a flat white hat.
The automobile races begin Monday at
Del' Monte, after a hill-climbing contest
in the morning.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin attended the races
in a charming costume of pure white.
The loose Jacket and skirt of cloth were
trimmed with wide insertions of white
linen lace. She also wore a stylish black
i urban and veil and carried a long coat of
black lace and silk. White Is decidedly
Incoming to Mrs. Martin and she wears It
at home a great deal.
severe.
There is an added zest to a game with
one's own friends in the field and society
was all attention during the entire three
days of polo. Tom l>riscoll. who is one of
the most reckless of riders, managed to
Keep In the lead most of the time and won
admiration enough to spoil any ten men
who were less busy making history. He
brought three ponies Twth him from L"os
Angeles and the ladies raved madly over
a decidedly picturesque gray pony who
Old fancy steps, but did not know polo,
r.nd consequently, did not take himself
a bit seriously at any time.
Frank Carolan was a general favorite
both in polo games and the races, which
f*ll upon alternate days during the tour
nament. The gods have supplied Mr.
rarolan liberally with health and good
looks. Moreover, he does everything well.
He is a little heavy for riding, but sits
lightly on his horse and" usually wins
the cup he goes after. His appointments
in' the gentlemen's race on Wednesday
were the subject of much comment. Mr.
i.'arolan's riding clothes were pale blue
and white satin of the richest quality.
THE heroes of the hour are un
questionably the polo players
in the tournament at Del
Monte. Football favorites
pale before them and the In
terest of society is centered
1n what they do and say.
For a week past the famous polo play
ers of exclusive society have been eating
auspiciously at a long table across the
Del Monte dining-room, with many an
aristocratic n«»ck craned "many times r.nd
oft" In their direction.
After luncheon society proceeded to the
polo field dizzily arrayed— and prersed
tlose along the fence to view the further
happen ings and hope for the best.
The field was in good condition anJ the
two sides were beautifully matched. The
men played as though trophies were not
to be thought of. They played with a
recklessness unknov.ii <?ven in football.
They rode seemingly unmanageable
ponies with daring grace, and when the
playing was bunched swung their mallets
sbout each other's heads as though they
were " Christian scientists and believed
there was no sensation in matter.
When J. CL Colbv's horse fell with him
in the thick of the contest he was up
again and riding after .the ball In hot
haste before any of the terrified onlookers
had time to faint. The players had little
to say of their bruises, but some were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 9; 1903.
SOCIETY
48