SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1903.
VOLUME XCV— >-O. 31.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Known Dekd 530
Identified Dead .• 93
TVTiccino* P^?
Injured \ 250
. Grand Total ; 1105
SIX HUNDRED PERISH IN A FLAME-SWEPT THEATER;
MASSES OF DEAD CHOKE THE EXITS AND FILL AISLES
Two unknown women; met
death by jumping from the rear
fire escape while their garments
'were aflame.
Louise Buchray.
Marie Walsh, aged 15.
Mrs. Thomas D. Maloney, wife
of a plumber."
Miss Spencer.
Ethel Jones, daughter of S. P.
Jones; attended -the theater with
brothers and sisters, two of whom
were missing and three account
ed for. It j was reported at
Vaughan's seed store, whVrey'ttie
body , of Miss Jones was. taken,
that the mother, an invalid,
dropped dead when she -received
Mrs. A. Sumin.
Miss Edith Norton of Onton
agon, Mich. . '-
Mrs.Harabaugh. ; '
C. W.'Forbush and family.....
Anna Sterling.
Three men employed; oh the
flies- on the stage; names un
known.
Florline, a -German aerial per
former; taken to hospital; died in
ambulance.
Ethel 'Blackman, 13 years old,
daughter of Harry E. Blackman,
freight department of Marshall
Field & Co., living at Glen-
Mrs. Cavanaugh of Indiana
avenue.
Unknown boy, 8 years old.
Continued on Page 5, Column 4.
Continued on Paje 5, Column f. .
Continued on Page 7, Columns 2 and 3.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— The fire
in the Iroquois Theater broke out
during the second act of the play
"Mr.' Bluebeard," which was the
first dramatic; production present
ed in the theater since it's erection.
The ', company, which was very
large, escaped to the street in
safety", nearly all of the players,'
however, 1 being compelled to flee
into the snowy streets with no
clothing but their stage costumes.
A few members of the company
sustained minor injuries, but none
was seriously hurt.
. Accounts of the - origin of the
fire are conflicting, and none. ce'rf;
tain, but the. best theory given is
that an electric wire Jon the lower,
part of. a piece of drop s scenery
suddenly^ broke and was grounded."
The fire spread rapidly toward the
front of the stage, causing the
members of the chorus; who were
then engaged in the performance,
to flee to the wings with screams
of terror. The fire in itself up to
this time was not serious, and pos
sibly could have been checked had
hot the asbestos curtain failed to
work.
CURTAIN FAILS TO LOWER
As Goon as the fire was discov
ered Eddie, Foy, the chief come
dian of the company, shouted to
lower the curtain, and this was.
immediately done. It descended
about . half waV and then stuck.
The fire thus was given practically
a>* flue through < which a strong
dra ft was setti ngy aided by the
doors, ' which had been thrown
- As soon as the flames first ap
peared beyond the curtain a man
in the rear of the hall shouted
"Fire! fire!" and the entire audi
ence arose as one person and made
for the doors. •
It is, believed* that the explosion
open in the front of the theater.
With a roar and a bound the
flames shot through the opening
over the heads of the people on the
f*st floor and, reaching clear up
to those in the first balcony,
caught them and burned them to
death where they sat.
, Immediately following this rush'
of flames there came an explosion
which lifted the entire roof of the
theater from its walls, shattering
the great skylight into fragments.
Bodies of Victims Locked in Death's Embrace Are Piled
From Floor to Top at Main Entrance.
SCENE AT THE IROQUOIS THEATER CATASTROPHE IN CHICAGO AT THE TIME OF THE GAS TANK8' EX
PLOSION. DRAWN FROM A TELEGRAPHIC DESCRIPTION. AND OF FAMOUS FIRE MARSHAL WHO
DIRECTED THE HEROIC EFFORTS OF THE FIRE FIGHTERS AND RESCUE FORCES.
Miss Ross, daughter of 'Dr.
Ross.
Florence Axnam, Rosemond
Schmidt, Elvira Olson, Helen
McCaughan, ; Helen Howard.
Lily Powers,' Riah A. Maker, a
dub of high school girls who
were in the balcony.
Mrs. F. A. Morrill. {; .
Irene Lang, aged 11, sister of
Hortense. Their mother escaped.
E. A. Wilson.
Anne Fitzgibbon.
Mrs. W. T. Marsh.
Miss Hattie Stratton, Alpena.
Louise Bushnell.
Mrs. A. Lake, 35 years old;
identified at morgue.
Miss A. Donaldson, 18; identi
fied at morgue by telegram found
in her purse.
Mrs. Patrick P. O'Donnell.
of President O'Donnell of
the O'Donnell Brewing Com
pany, -^v W.
R. H. Coults,
Miss Howard.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.—Fol
lowing is a. partial list of the dead.
Where no other address is given
the residence is Chicago: .
Hortense Lang, aged 16.
Partial Roster of
the Identified
Victims.
LONG LISTS
OF THE DEAD
AND MISSING
TIIEATER BECOMES MORGUE.
*rhc classic outlines of the theater, the beautiful plush
hangings, the arched windows with their stained glass, the state-
More than one thousand persons in the orchestra seats,
with easy access to the doors, gradually made their way to
safety, but most of them threw aside wraps, pocketbooks, hats
and everything that seemed to impede them in the rush for life
and the open air.
But in the balcony and gallery the destruction wrought
frightful work. The flame and smoke, gathering on these up
per floors, caught the victims before they realized the full extent
of their danger. •
It seemed incredible that the little tongue of fire could lap
the walls so quickly and reach out after them like a stroke of
lightning. Then, when the full meaning of the disaster came
to the helpless ones, they fought and battled with one another
for safety — battled like stampeded animals, with the smoke curl
ing about them. Everything was plunged into absolute dark
ness, not even a friendly lantern showing them the wav' out
of this house of death. .
FIERCE BATTLE FOB LIFE .
Foy. chief comedian of the company, stood out from the
panic-stricken group on the stage to assure the audience that there
was no danger. Even as he spoke the great asbestos curtain was
let down, but it caught on one side and failed to work. " >¦
In another instant smoke burst from the top arch of the stage
and from under the bottom of the curtain. Before- the audience
realized the danger the whole roof of the auditorium was ablaze.
Two gas tanks exploded in the flies on the sides of the theater and
black, choking fumes beat down in a cloud of death from everv
wall.
This was not all. Fear, uncontrollable and terrible, reigned.
Men and women fought like wild beasts, filled only with a desire
for self -protection. Little babies slipped from their mothers' arms,
and in an instant their lives were crushed out by the crowd. Girls
threw themselves from the balconies and lay crushed and dying
till suffocation ended their miseries.
GAS TANKS EXPLODE.
From pit to dome the house was packed. Mothers and
their little ones had laughed themselves hoarse at the antics of
"Eddie"' Foy, a comedian. It was in the middle of the play
and the chorus, smiling and frolicsome, had just concluded the
singing of the "Moonlight Song."
"There is the moon now," cried a little chap in the front
row as a curl of smoke and a tiny tongue of flame shot out from
the wings to the right of the stage. Children clapped their
hands in glee. Mothers laughed and the whole audience was
in fine humor.
But the tongue of flame reached out and caught a bit of in
flammable scenery which hung over the center of the stage. In
stantly there was a larger ribbon of flame and in a moment
everything back of the footlights was a broad wave of fire, which
lighted the halt-illuminated house with weird effects.
TINY TONGUE OF FLAME.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30. — Chicago is stunned to-night by the
worst theater catastrophe in the history of the country. More
than six hundred men/ women and children, according to the
official report of the police, met death by fire, smc*;e and panic
during the matinee performance of "Mr. Bluebeard" at the
beautiful new Iroquois Theater. Most of the dead arc women
and children. Scores were incinerated, while hundreds were,
suffocated by smoke and gas and crushed to death by one an
other while struggling to escape. Still other hundreds are
"lyifi'g" "to-mglit Between life and death, wiih limbs broken and
burned, at their homes and in hospitals. Every undertaking es
tablishment in the city is filled with bodies, many of which
probably never will be identified.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Harvest of Death Is Com
: plete 10 Minutes After
Cry of "Fire!"
Hideous Catastrophe Over
whelms a Chicago Mat
inee Audience.
\ -
TZS THEATSB3.
? ' , < ; •
Alcazar— "Bluo Jeans.". ¦¦' ::. -'i
California— "Are Ton a Mason 7 n
'Central— "The Dairy ram."
Fischer's — "I. O. V."
Grand — "The Minister's Son."
Orpheum — "Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli ¦ Opera-Sous o — "Xxioa."
Columbia — "The Girl With the
Green Eyes."
THE "WEATHER. -
1 ' *
Forecast mado at Sa^ rraa
cisco for thirty hoars endlnjf
iridslirht. Eccenibcr 31:
San rrancisco cad vicinity-
Cloudy, unsettled weather
Thursday; probably raia; brisk
to hifrh southerly winds.
A. Ct. JKtcAEIE,
District rorecaeter.
The San Francisco CallSAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1903.
VOLUME XCV— >-O. 31.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Known Dekd 530
Identified Dead .• 93
TVTiccino* P^?
Injured \ 250
. Grand Total ; 1105
SIX HUNDRED PERISH IN A FLAME-SWEPT THEATER;
MASSES OF DEAD CHOKE THE EXITS AND FILL AISLES
Two unknown women; met
death by jumping from the rear
fire escape while their garments
'were aflame.
Louise Buchray.
Marie Walsh, aged 15.
Mrs. Thomas D. Maloney, wife
of a plumber."
Miss Spencer.
Ethel Jones, daughter of S. P.
Jones; attended -the theater with
brothers and sisters, two of whom
were missing and three account
ed for. It j was reported at
Vaughan's seed store, whVrey'ttie
body , of Miss Jones was. taken,
that the mother, an invalid,
dropped dead when she -received
Mrs. A. Sumin.
Miss Edith Norton of Onton
agon, Mich. . '-
Mrs.Harabaugh. ; '
C. W.'Forbush and family.....
Anna Sterling.
Three men employed; oh the
flies- on the stage; names un
known.
Florline, a -German aerial per
former; taken to hospital; died in
ambulance.
Ethel 'Blackman, 13 years old,
daughter of Harry E. Blackman,
freight department of Marshall
Field & Co., living at Glen-
Mrs. Cavanaugh of Indiana
avenue.
Unknown boy, 8 years old.
Continued on Page 5, Column 4.
Continued on Paje 5, Column f. .
Continued on Page 7, Columns 2 and 3.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— The fire
in the Iroquois Theater broke out
during the second act of the play
"Mr.' Bluebeard," which was the
first dramatic; production present
ed in the theater since it's erection.
The ', company, which was very
large, escaped to the street in
safety", nearly all of the players,'
however, 1 being compelled to flee
into the snowy streets with no
clothing but their stage costumes.
A few members of the company
sustained minor injuries, but none
was seriously hurt.
. Accounts of the - origin of the
fire are conflicting, and none. ce'rf;
tain, but the. best theory given is
that an electric wire Jon the lower,
part of. a piece of drop s scenery
suddenly^ broke and was grounded."
The fire spread rapidly toward the
front of the stage, causing the
members of the chorus; who were
then engaged in the performance,
to flee to the wings with screams
of terror. The fire in itself up to
this time was not serious, and pos
sibly could have been checked had
hot the asbestos curtain failed to
work.
CURTAIN FAILS TO LOWER
As Goon as the fire was discov
ered Eddie, Foy, the chief come
dian of the company, shouted to
lower the curtain, and this was.
immediately done. It descended
about . half waV and then stuck.
The fire thus was given practically
a>* flue through < which a strong
dra ft was setti ngy aided by the
doors, ' which had been thrown
- As soon as the flames first ap
peared beyond the curtain a man
in the rear of the hall shouted
"Fire! fire!" and the entire audi
ence arose as one person and made
for the doors. •
It is, believed* that the explosion
open in the front of the theater.
With a roar and a bound the
flames shot through the opening
over the heads of the people on the
f*st floor and, reaching clear up
to those in the first balcony,
caught them and burned them to
death where they sat.
, Immediately following this rush'
of flames there came an explosion
which lifted the entire roof of the
theater from its walls, shattering
the great skylight into fragments.
Bodies of Victims Locked in Death's Embrace Are Piled
From Floor to Top at Main Entrance.
SCENE AT THE IROQUOIS THEATER CATASTROPHE IN CHICAGO AT THE TIME OF THE GAS TANK8' EX
PLOSION. DRAWN FROM A TELEGRAPHIC DESCRIPTION. AND OF FAMOUS FIRE MARSHAL WHO
DIRECTED THE HEROIC EFFORTS OF THE FIRE FIGHTERS AND RESCUE FORCES.
Miss Ross, daughter of 'Dr.
Ross.
Florence Axnam, Rosemond
Schmidt, Elvira Olson, Helen
McCaughan, ; Helen Howard.
Lily Powers,' Riah A. Maker, a
dub of high school girls who
were in the balcony.
Mrs. F. A. Morrill. {; .
Irene Lang, aged 11, sister of
Hortense. Their mother escaped.
E. A. Wilson.
Anne Fitzgibbon.
Mrs. W. T. Marsh.
Miss Hattie Stratton, Alpena.
Louise Bushnell.
Mrs. A. Lake, 35 years old;
identified at morgue.
Miss A. Donaldson, 18; identi
fied at morgue by telegram found
in her purse.
Mrs. Patrick P. O'Donnell.
of President O'Donnell of
the O'Donnell Brewing Com
pany, -^v W.
R. H. Coults,
Miss Howard.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.—Fol
lowing is a. partial list of the dead.
Where no other address is given
the residence is Chicago: .
Hortense Lang, aged 16.
Partial Roster of
the Identified
Victims.
LONG LISTS
OF THE DEAD
AND MISSING
TIIEATER BECOMES MORGUE.
*rhc classic outlines of the theater, the beautiful plush
hangings, the arched windows with their stained glass, the state-
More than one thousand persons in the orchestra seats,
with easy access to the doors, gradually made their way to
safety, but most of them threw aside wraps, pocketbooks, hats
and everything that seemed to impede them in the rush for life
and the open air.
But in the balcony and gallery the destruction wrought
frightful work. The flame and smoke, gathering on these up
per floors, caught the victims before they realized the full extent
of their danger. •
It seemed incredible that the little tongue of fire could lap
the walls so quickly and reach out after them like a stroke of
lightning. Then, when the full meaning of the disaster came
to the helpless ones, they fought and battled with one another
for safety — battled like stampeded animals, with the smoke curl
ing about them. Everything was plunged into absolute dark
ness, not even a friendly lantern showing them the wav' out
of this house of death. .
FIERCE BATTLE FOB LIFE .
Foy. chief comedian of the company, stood out from the
panic-stricken group on the stage to assure the audience that there
was no danger. Even as he spoke the great asbestos curtain was
let down, but it caught on one side and failed to work. " >¦
In another instant smoke burst from the top arch of the stage
and from under the bottom of the curtain. Before- the audience
realized the danger the whole roof of the auditorium was ablaze.
Two gas tanks exploded in the flies on the sides of the theater and
black, choking fumes beat down in a cloud of death from everv
wall.
This was not all. Fear, uncontrollable and terrible, reigned.
Men and women fought like wild beasts, filled only with a desire
for self -protection. Little babies slipped from their mothers' arms,
and in an instant their lives were crushed out by the crowd. Girls
threw themselves from the balconies and lay crushed and dying
till suffocation ended their miseries.
GAS TANKS EXPLODE.
From pit to dome the house was packed. Mothers and
their little ones had laughed themselves hoarse at the antics of
"Eddie"' Foy, a comedian. It was in the middle of the play
and the chorus, smiling and frolicsome, had just concluded the
singing of the "Moonlight Song."
"There is the moon now," cried a little chap in the front
row as a curl of smoke and a tiny tongue of flame shot out from
the wings to the right of the stage. Children clapped their
hands in glee. Mothers laughed and the whole audience was
in fine humor.
But the tongue of flame reached out and caught a bit of in
flammable scenery which hung over the center of the stage. In
stantly there was a larger ribbon of flame and in a moment
everything back of the footlights was a broad wave of fire, which
lighted the halt-illuminated house with weird effects.
TINY TONGUE OF FLAME.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30. — Chicago is stunned to-night by the
worst theater catastrophe in the history of the country. More
than six hundred men/ women and children, according to the
official report of the police, met death by fire, smc*;e and panic
during the matinee performance of "Mr. Bluebeard" at the
beautiful new Iroquois Theater. Most of the dead arc women
and children. Scores were incinerated, while hundreds were,
suffocated by smoke and gas and crushed to death by one an
other while struggling to escape. Still other hundreds are
"lyifi'g" "to-mglit Between life and death, wiih limbs broken and
burned, at their homes and in hospitals. Every undertaking es
tablishment in the city is filled with bodies, many of which
probably never will be identified.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Harvest of Death Is Com
: plete 10 Minutes After
Cry of "Fire!"
Hideous Catastrophe Over
whelms a Chicago Mat
inee Audience.
\ -
TZS THEATSB3.
? ' , < ; •
Alcazar— "Bluo Jeans.". ¦¦' ::. -'i
California— "Are Ton a Mason 7 n
'Central— "The Dairy ram."
Fischer's — "I. O. V."
Grand — "The Minister's Son."
Orpheum — "Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli ¦ Opera-Sous o — "Xxioa."
Columbia — "The Girl With the
Green Eyes."
THE "WEATHER. -
1 ' *
Forecast mado at Sa^ rraa
cisco for thirty hoars endlnjf
iridslirht. Eccenibcr 31:
San rrancisco cad vicinity-
Cloudy, unsettled weather
Thursday; probably raia; brisk
to hifrh southerly winds.
A. Ct. JKtcAEIE,
District rorecaeter.
The San Francisco CallPRETORIA. Dec. 30. — After three
days' debate in the Legislative Council
a motion in favor of the introduction
of Asiatic labor in South Africa was
carried by a vote of 22 to A,
CooUes for South Africa.
Massachusetts Man Gets a Plum.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— *The
Postmaster .General has appointed
Edward F. Kimball of Massachusetts
superintendent of the 'money order
system of * the Postoffice Department.
Kimball has been in charge of • , this
branch of the service, since the ; re
moval of " J. T." Metcalfe during the'
postofflce investigation.:- 7
BERLIN, Dec. 30. — Cold weather
has suddenly set in over Germany,
partially stopping riv"er" and canal
navigation. Emperor William, the
Empress and their children skated to
day on the artificial lake in the grounds
of the new palace. .
Emperor William Goes Skating.
Trouble Over Love Affair.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Dec. 20. — Misi
Julia Ricks, who some -time sinc<
created a sensaibm in . New York bj
demanding a large sum of money fron
Mrs. May Harrington Stallo, the for
mer wife of Dan R. Hanna, was to^daj
adjudged insane and committed- to th«
State, Asylum for the Insane. Miss
Ricks is 22, years of age and . excep
tionally, handsome. Disappointment ir
a love affair is said to have causec
her mental derangement.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Orchestra
seats, previously selling at $2, will be
reduced next Monday to $1 50 by the
management of the Manhattan The
ater. The cut has caused much ex
citement among Broadway theatrical
managers, who have clung for several
years to the higher price for choice
seats.
Cut Prices of Theater. Seats.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Radium is re
ported to have removed a cancer which
had spread over the, entire rfeht cheek
of William Hoffman, 62 years old, of
Newark, N. J. When he came here
for treatment several specialists ex
pressed the belief that the growth could
be removed only by cutting away near
ly all the flesh on one side of his head.
Hoffman's nephew, a physician, pro
cured a tube containing a tiny portion
of radium and experimented by placing
it in the patient's mouth. 1 He reports
that Hoffman complained qtj burning
sensation in the cheek, which became
unendurable after about forty minutes.
The swelling began to . go down ¦ im
mediately and the growth' begun to dis
appear after the treatment had been
continued a few days. - A stronger tube,
was. procured from Paris and at' the
end of six weeks the cancer Is said to
have entirely disappeared, leaving the
cheek in its normal state,.
Xew Substance.
New York Specialist Reports Quick
Results From the Use of the-
RADIUM CURES CANCER
OX PATIENT'S CHEEK
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itching:, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour drupglat will refund money If Paio
Ointment falls to cure you In 6 to 14 days. 50.2*
WOODLAND, Dec. 30.— Two saloons
and a store were robbed in Davisville
last nigrht. In each instance entrance
was effected by prying open the doors.
The burglars secured -about' $175,
mostly cash. Frank Lamphere, the
night operator at the station, narrow
ly escaped being shot by the burglars.
While on his way home he noticed a
light in Cloutman's saloon and en
tered to Investigate. He surprised the
burglars at work and one of them
fired at him with a revolver. Both
cracksmen then fled through the rear
door and escaoed. ~ ; ,
.Burglars Are Busy in Davisville.
We are selling agents for fountain
pens that will fit your hand. Cost from
$1.00 to $5.00 each. Good for New
Year's. Sanborn, Vail & Co. >¦•• ;-"
VAU.FJO. Dec. an.— Albert C'.ark. c)i.1rjr«>d
with violating th<> Ftat<> law prohibiting por
iMi'ae. ptam-f of i^ker, was foutvl ffullty to
nay. H<? will anpr-ai th» csfp to the Hui><»rlor
Court.
Vote to Erect a Public Bath House.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 30.— At a
meeting of. the citizens of Ocean Park
last night it was unanimously voted
to erect a $160,000 "public bath
house; to be the finest of its kind on
the soutnern coast.- The amount is
to be raised by popular subscription,
and it is reported that more than
$100,000 has already been pledged.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— Mrs. Allen of the
American-African Gospel Mission sailed
for New York to-day from Liverpool on
the White Star line steamer Celtic after
four years' work among the Nana
kroos, in Liberia. Just prior to sailing
from Liberia she witnessed severe tri
bal fighting between the allied inhabi
tants of the coast towns and the bush
men. 'Mrs. Allen's mission-house was
the center o* the first conflict and the
Nanakroos' Queen sought refuge there.
Mrs. Allen refused to leave, although
advised to do so by the Liberfan troops
sent from Monrovia to support the
coast towns.
During, the fighting Mrs. Allen was
not molested, but she witnerced re
markable scenes of barbarism. There
was not actual cannibalism, but the
bodies of the slain bushmen were chop
ped up into small pieces and the ears,
heads, arms and legs were cut off and
distributed among the various towns as
trophies of victory, -ti'**? \
The bushmen ultimately were worst
ed and returned to the interior.
| Moreover they Indicate that^the Rus
i sian Government is fully alive to the
reports of possible trouble at Kishenev
on January 7. In view of that fact it
Is assumed that the Russian authorities
vrill take, if indeed they have* not al
ready taken, to prevent a recur
rence of "the massacres.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 30.— It is
officially announced In view of the re
uorts abroad of the renewed attacks
on the Jews that Kishenev was never
quieter than at the present time.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Simon
Wolfe of this city. who. has been active
in his. endeavors to. induce the United
States Government to make represen
tations to Russia looking to the pro
tection of the Jews of Kishenev, had an
interview .with President Roosevelt to
d?y. At its conclusion Wolfe taid that
at the request of the President him
self he could not discuss the interview
for publication.
-It is known,* however, that Wolfe was
informed that prior to his presentation
of the matter to the State Department
the President had directed the United
States Consuls in Russia to Inform this
Government if there was any likelihood
of a repetition of the Kishenev massa-.
ere of last spring. The replies to that
inquiry thus far received have been
reassuring.
Gqspel Mission Worker Tells
of Her Experiences Among
the Nanakroos iii Liberia
Russian Government Gives Of
ficial Denial of Reports in
the Sensational Newspapers
ALL IS QUIET
IN KISHENEV
AFRICA IS SEEN
AT ITS WORST
¦Lant K. Salsbury gave' damaging
evidence against Nichols. He swore
that Nichols told him that. Garman
would testify for the defense. Thomas
F. McCarrey, now in Florida; Nichols
and McKnight' were in the secret, he
said," but his other attorneys, Judge
Morse, Judge Grove and John McDon
ald, were not.
Salsbury swore that he told Mc-
Knight that Garman's statement made
in the East was not so,' and that it
was; McKnight who suggested that
William Leonard be hired to give
Garman the bribe money. Salsbury
testified that he learned from Mc-
Knight one morning in court that the
money had been passed, the amount
being $1250, $1000 for Garman and
$250 for Cameron, one of the promot
ers of the water deal, and also a wit
ness.
\ GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 30.—
J. B. Pantling, proprietor of the Mor
ton House, to-day gave damaging tes
timony against William F. McKnight
and ex-State Senator George E. Nich
ols when their examination in the Po
lice Court on the charge of suborna
tion of perjury was resumed. Mant
ling testified that during the bribery
?rial of Lant K. Salsbury, former City
Attorney, he gave to McKnight the
key to a private parlor in the Morton
House. The prosecution is endeavor
ing to show that an attempt was made
in this parlor to bribe Garman, the
State's strongest witness.
When Pantling took the stand to
day he said: '
"There are changes I desire to make
in the testimony that I have already
given. I said something on the stand
for which I am sorry. I said that I
did not give McKnight a room. I de
sire , to change It. I did give him a
room. This is a very humiliating po
sition for me..
"McKnight did not ask me to tes
tify in his favor. I did it only through
friendship for 'Billy.' "
Mortimer Rathbone, manager of
the Morton House, changed his testi
mony also.
LOS ANGELES,, Dec. 30. — Attorneys
D. W. Choisser of Harrisburg and F.
M. Parish of Carmi, 111., cousins of Jo
seph and Louis Choisser of Equality,
111., \vhb were slain by detective^ in this
city ten days ago, have arrived to as
sist in the work of prosecuting the case
against the officers. Al! three of the of
ficers are under suspension pending
their hearing to-morrow before the Po
lice Board. ]
A telegram has been received here
from the local lodge of the Masonic or
der in Eldorado, 111., stating that Jo
seph Choisser was a member of that
lodge and .calling upon the order in Los
Angeles to investigate his death. The
Eastern relatives of the Choissers deny
that either of the dead men were guilty
of any cpfrne, and assert there was
neither warrant nor'indictment against
them.' .... .
The District . Attorney issued war
rants to-day against the officers who
were concerned in the killing and
they were arrested, and released on
bonds. The warrants were issued at
the request of the officers, who say
they court . the closest investigation
into the case. ¦ . . ¦ - '
Grand Rapids Scandal Grows
JS T oxious With Stories of In
terference With Witnesses
Irivcstigatioh to Be Made Into
Shooting of the Choissers
by Los Angeies Detectives
BRIBERY ADDED
TO THE CRIME
POLICE KILLING
TO BE PROBED
"I wish the American pec-ple to know
that their many expressions of sym
. pathy for my country In the present
crisis have been promptly communi
cated to Tokio, and I can sive the
strongest assurances that the Japanese
Government and people profoundly ap
preciate this renewed evidence of
friendship of the people. In a time like
this it would be inexpedient to discuss
negotiations of such world-wide impor
tance as are now progressing at Tokio.
"You ask me if 1 think war is •in
evitable. I can only say that Japan is
&waitin£ the arrival of the Russian
reply to her last note. Japan will wait
ss long as circumstances seem to ju*s
tify. but no longer. We have been
prompt in all our preparations, our
< ounter-preparations, and, in fact, all
the steps of our negotiations with Rus
sia. In our last note we have stated
the ' minimum proposition which we
can submit to Russia. That country
has the deciding vote whether there is
to be war or peace In the Far East.
We have done all that we could.''
Takahira expressed the hope that
war may yet be averted, but he re
gards th.e outlook as gloomy.
It can be further -stated that, Japan,
¦while not placing * time limit on Rus
sia's reply, urged In her last note that
the St. Petersburg Government send «'i
definite answer j;t the earliest possible
moment. An indefinite answer will be
regarded as wholly unsatisfactory.
WASHINGTON. D<;c. 20.— In an in
terview v.-ith a representative of the
pres-s Japanese Minister Takahina said
to-night:
Japanese Minister Says the Answer
Will Mean Peace or Wau*.
DEPENDS ON RUSSIA'S REPLY.
CAUSES STIIt- AT. PRESIDIO.
OF -INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Arthur G. Fisk Is Granted Ills Com
mission as Postmaster of San
Francisco.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. 30. —
Postmasters commissioned: Califor-^
nia — Crescent City, William F. Wolf;
San Francisco. Arthur G. Fisk.
Fourth class postmasters appoint
ed: California — Lemon Grove, San
Diego County, John C. Braidon, vice
Curtis E. Metcalf. resigned; Poway,
San Diego County, C. C. Watson,
vice Annie E. Smith, resigned. /
Army orders: Captain John S. Kulp,
assistant surgeon, from Fort Mc-
Dowell, California, to Philadelphia,
as examiner of recurits.
- • ¦ •. • ¦ ¦ _ ¦ •
Splendid Donation to Santa Fe.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30. — Secre
tary Hitchcock, with the consent of
the President, to-day agreed to do
nate to Santa Fe. N. M., the aban
doned Fort MarcV military reserva
tion, a tract of 17% acres. The tract
lies in the heart of Santa Fe. and is
said to be worth 1100.000. It will be
used as sites for a new high school
and also a graded school. ..::,;.
Tir»<5TOV Dec 30 — Tho will of that lata
Pe?5?B?Bri»rh!S; of B^ton. who UjtttSgw ¦
toward founding a hospital to bear hl« name
U sustained by a decision handed down h>
Justice Colt in the. United States Conrt to
day The heirs-in-law contested the bequest.
Post " Is Excited Over Report That
Troops Will Go to Panama.
When the rumor reeched the Ptesidio
yesterday that practically all the troops
now stationed on the coast we're to be
ordered to Panama there was naturally
great surprise manifested on all sides.
No direct orders had been received from
Washington, but still, owing to the sit
uafion of affairs, all were anticipating
a call. The wives of the different of
ficers in command were thrown into a
great state of excitement. They did not
object to Manila, but they had visions
of yellow fever and all kinds of ills that
are supposed to spring from Panama
climate.
Telephones were kept busy by anx
ious ones asking friends of the press
and officers at headquarters in the Phe
lan building if the rumors were true,
but no satisfaction could be gleaned,
as the direct and positive orders from
Uncle Sam's headquarters had not been
officially announced.
The Tenth Infantry, which is in can
tonment, is practically ready to start
for the scene of action at almost a mo
ment's notice. Colonel C. H. Noble, the
commanding officer, stated that no or
ders had reached him for a change of
base. He added, however: "My regi
ment is practically camping here, and
we are ready for any emergency. We
could leave this post at very short no
tice. If we should be ordered to Pan
ama we could proceed as soon as the
regiment could be equipped to go into
that tropical climate. In forty-eight
hours after the order reaches us we
could be teady to depart."
FLEET OF FIGHTING SHIPS
THAT DEPARTED YESTER
DAY FOR PANAMA. •
Foes of United -States in Panama Canal Com
pany Ignominiously Routed.
resentative from the meeting cause!
further disorder. M. Thlebaud pro
tested in his behalf. The president ex
plained - that Colombia claimed .her
shares in the company, but he said
the Question of their ownership was
r.ow doubtful, so the matter had been
referred to the courts.
Ships Hurrying to Colon.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Dec. 30.— The
cruiser Topeka and the torpedo-boats
Truxtun and Stewart arrived here, to
day from Key West. The vessels are
now coaling and will proceed as soon
as possible to Colon.
ARMING ISTHMIAN' INDIANS.
Panama Republic Makes Allies of
Tribos on the Frontier.
•PANAMA, Dec. 30. — Among those
who have been elected to the consti
tutional convention are Dr. Amador,
Pablo Arosemona, Don J3 Obaldl,
Belissario Porsas and Luis S. Eroux.
News of importance has been re
ceived from the isthmus of Darien.
The Indians there are all in favor of
the republic and have sent .spies
through the coast and into the inte
rior. The Government of Panama has
furn'shed the Indians with guns and
ammunition, thus making them-very
coikented. . . ...
Japan Recognizes Panama.
WASHIXGTOX, Dec. 30. — The Jap
anese Minister called upon Acting
Secretary of State Loomis to-day and
notified him that Japan had recog
nised the republic of Panama. Senor
Cairo, the Costa Rican Minister, also
called uDon Loomis and informed
him that his Government yeaterday
formally recognized the republic of
Panama.
PARIS. Dec. 30.— Owing to the recent
events at Panama the annucl meeting
of the Panama company, which began
this aftt.rr.oon, developed unusual in
terest and excitement. Prior to the
opening efforts were made to secure
enough votes to overrule the existing
management of the company, which is
favorable to the sale of the company's
property to the United States. The
meeting: took place in the Hall of Agri
culture, which was crowded with offi
cials, stockholders and prominent
financiers. At the opening of the meet
ing the management submitted a re
port of the recent events on the isth
mus and the course token Dy the com
pany. The report set forth that the
republic of Panama to-day exercised
sovereignty over tht- isthmus, displac
ing Colombia's former sovereignty;
that the United States, Franc?. Russia*
Great Britain, * Germany and other
countries had recognized Panama's
supremacy and added:
"In view of the accepted fact and in
face of superior force we can only
maintain and continue the existing en
gagements with the United States."
The report of the president disclosed
Colombia's recent vain efforts to induce
the company to continue dealing with
the old Government of the isthmus.
During Secretary Lampre's reading of
the report the disaffected ekment
hooted and cat-called, causing much
disorder. The speech of M. Groton, a
representative of the old company, also
was hooted.
Finally two resolutions were adopted,
the first approving the accqunta and
the report of the management and the
=econd re-elect'ng: the ole officers. The
vote on the first resolution was 9233 in
favor of it to 119 against it, showing
the insignificance of the opposition to
the United States.
The exclusion of the Colombian rep-
The United States gunboat Benning
ton. Captain K. Niles in command,
sailed yesterday £br Panama with the
torpedo-boat destroyers Preble and
Paul Jones. Although ready for sea
early in the morning, it -was after noon
before the Bennington, "signaled the de
stroyers to hoist anchors.
The Preble' and Paul Jones* arrived
off Folsom street from Vallejo shortly
after 10 o'clock. ; The officers com
manding the. long, black-hulled thirty-,
kfiotters boarded the Bennington ana
received their: final Instructions from
the commander of the little fleet. -The
Bennington's paymaster was ashore
settling up with tHe tradesfolk for the
stores' of beef and other perishables
purchased, at the last moment. By
the time he returned officers and men
had finished their midday: meal and
when", the steam launch' reached the
gunboat it was hoisted oh. board and
the separation of ship from shor$ v/as
complete. There was an interval of
frantic wig- wagging, ¦¦ a. string, of sig
nals broke out from the Bennington'e'
foreyard, steam winches got into^ ac
tion and three anchors were slowly
pulled from their mud beds until they
dangled clear of the water. Another
The first stop will be made at San
Diego, where the destroyers will re
plenish their coal bunkers. When pos
sible the coaling will be done from the
Bennington, but this will not be at
tempted until after the fleet leaves
Acapulco.
The officers of the Bennington are:
Captain K.' . Niles, ' Lieutenant Com
mander W. M.i Buchanan; Lieutenants
W. C Herbert-a.nd G. R. Slocum. En
signs T. C. Wade and N. K. Perry,
Midshipmen L. Sahm and H. Lacy.
Surgeon J. G. Field. Paymaster C.
Morris Jr.' and Pay Clerk H. Metius.
:." The. Preble is commanded by Lieu
tenant T. C. Fenton, who has with him
Midshipmen M. K. Metcalfe and W.
Brown. Lieutenant G. C. Davison is
in command of the Paul Jones, with
Midshipmen W. T. Conn and S. M.
Robinson.
flutter of bunting and the vessels be->
gan to move and tTie i long voyage to
the isthmus had commenced/ '¦-• '<£.'
The Benningtoh led the way through
t,he Golden Gate, followed by the Paul
Jones. . The Preble brought up .the
rqar. | They were saluted by everything
In the bay that had a flag or a whistle
and responses to these good-by cour
t£sles"kept several men busy on each
vessel.- • ; "
Gunboat Benrrington and Destroyers Preble
and "Paul- Jones Start for Panama. .
.?''.'¦•' ' \ -'.<i.v.vi ,'P ¦ f-..V ¦—",':
The Secretary of Was has been in
structed to detail an officer & the
corps of engineers, U. S. A., for as
signment to duty as assistant to the
inspector of the Twelfth Lighthouse
District, whose headquarters is at San
Francisco, with directions to take sta
tion at Honolulu with Instructions to
take care o? the construction and re
pair of lighthouses and lighthouse
buildings. The Territorial 0 Gov«rnment
was without funds to continue the
lighthouse service of the islands after
January 1, 1904. and the interests of
commerce and navigation required that
the Federal Government should provide
for their maintenance from and after
that date.
The President by executive order of
December 24 also directed that the De
partment of Commerce and Labor take
charge of the lighthouse and buoyage
witWin the limits of the naval reserva
tion at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
An officer of the United States navy
'will be detailed as assistant to the in
spector of the Ttffclfth Lighthouse.Dis
trict, to reside at Honolulu and act
under the orders of the inspector of the
Twelfth District.
As a modus' vivendi the Secretary of
Commerce .and Labor ..authorized the
Governor to maintain the Hawaiian
lighthouse service at the expens* of the
Federal' Government, -remising to re
imburse him immediately therefor
through the Lighthouse Board.
The present Hawaiian lighthouse
keepers are all taken over into the
United States Lighthouse Service.
which will pay theiB for their services
from and after January 1.
The Lighthouse Board will, at Its ses
sion of January 4, 1904, by formal ac
tion, make the Territory of Hawaii a
part of the Twelfth Lighthouse Dis
trict.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— By procla
mation dated Decembc- 2S, 1003. Presi
dent Roosevelt directedjthat all public
property of the former Government of
Hawaii-ceded heretofore to- the United
States and consisting of lighthouses
and public lands" used in connection
therewith'.. light vessels, lighthouse ten
ders, beacons, buoys, sea rmrks and
their appendages nnd supplies and ma
terials of all kinds provided therefor, be
taken for the use of the United States
and that the Department of Commerce
and Labor, ,'hrough the Lighthouse
Board, be charged witl. all administra
tive duties relating to the Hawaiian
lighthouse establishment.
Secretary Cortelyou at once cabled
the President s proclamation to the
QoYeroor, of Hawaii and informed him
that the Federal Government would as
sume charge of the Hawaiian light
house establishment on January 1, 1904.
With her were half a dozen sheep.
"When strong enough to talk the girl
said she had come across the tunnel
and entered, seeking shelter. She found
the sheoji there, and by keeping close
to thesn managed to maintain sufficient
warmth to keep her alive.
rience fn a heavy snowstorm 'oh th6
desert in Iron County, near the Nevada
line. Miss Maude Doughty, whoge home
i.- raid to be in Shasta County. Califor
nia, was the neroine of the adventure.
Miss Doughty and her aunt" accom
panied a party of prospectors who
started out two weeks ago from Cedar
City. Four days after leaving Cedar
City the party pitched camp a few
miles from the Blowout mine. That
night the park horses strayed from
oamp and were missing in the morning.
Miss Doughty volunteered to go in
search of' the animals, and did so. The
pirJ had traveled a few miles when a
lipht snow began to fall. 9he at first
raid no attention to it and continued
her search. The sky darkened and the 1
snowfall became heavier. She turned
to retrace her steps and walked in what
she supposed was the direction of the
camp. Hour after hour she walked, un
til finally ..she became convinced that
'she was going in the wrong way. She
trif^d another direction, Xlght came
and ihe could s^o nothing. Miss
Doughty's friends became alarmed at
her prolonged absence. By nightfall
the storm had greatly increased in vio
lence. A high wind drove the snow in
Minding, driving gysts. and they did
not dare venture to leave camp. The
st«rm continued all next day, but the
following day it partly cleared and the
search for the missing girl was begun.
Xo trace of her was found "until the
evening of the third day after her dis
appearance. As the searchers, now con
vlncefi that Miss Doughty had perished
in the storm, was passing an aban
doned tunnel in the side of a hill a noise
attracted their attention. The investi
gation they made revealed the missing
girl lying in the rear of the tunnel, con
scious but almost dead from exposure
and want of food.
' SALT LAIvfe. Dec. 30— News has jfts*
re o'hed hereof a tvonian's jntfful expe-
Special Dispatch to The Call.;
Secretary of Commerce and
Labor Notifies Honolulu of
the Change as Ordered
JIAS SHELTER WITH SHEJP
"When Rescued the jilaideh Is
in a Cave, Weak From Hun^
* *•
i^er and Barely . Conscious
IN EFFECT OX JANUARY 1
Young Girl in Utah Has a
Terrible; Experience on the
Desert Daring: Heavy Storm
President Declares* ""Jurisdic
tion Over All the Hawaiian
Lighthouses and Public Land
THREE DAYS
LOST IN SNOW
MORE DUTIES
FOR CORTELYOU
LITTLE SQUADRON OF FIGHTING SHIPS
SAILS OUT THROUGH THE GOLDEN GATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. .'DECEMBER 31, 1903.
2
Owing to the* enormous .
demand for the tape meas-
ure, offered as a premium
to Want Advertisers in
last Sunday's Call, another
• supply was ordered and
the offer" will be renewed
next Sunday in order to
give every Want iAdver-
tiser the opportunity , to
secure one: of these handy
articles. :
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
Have you ever tried Scott's
Emulsion tor a thin, weak
child, one backward in growth
and slow in development?
Those who have know the
pleasure or seeing their
delicate child gitow strong*
and become well-developed
under the gentle but effective
influence of Scott's Emulsion.
For the weak growth of the
bones, Scott's Emulsion sup-
plies those powerful tonic's,' 1
the hypophosphites. For the
• lack of proper healthy flesh
Scott's Emulsion provides the
nourishing cod liver oil in an
easily digested and palatable
form. Any child that needs
more and better nourishment
— effective nourishment— will
get it in Scott's Emulsion.
There is no other remedy or
food that combines so much
that is necessary in maintain-
ing good health and right
growth in children.
¦Well scad yon a Estnple free upon igqnett.
6CCTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl Street, NY.
AjvEBTisiaaaJTS. :
I OFFICE I
FURNISHINGS.
Attention Is Invited to Our Extensive Line of
Standard Desks
In Mahogany, Weathered Oak, Fumed Oak, Golden Oak.
Tables, Chairs, BooKcascs
Handsomely Finished. Massive and Durable.
Largest Selection on This Coast of
Oriental and Domestic Rugs
In all sizes.
Exclusive Agents for GREENWICH (English) and
RIXDORFER (German) INLAID LINOLEUMS.
W. & J. SLOANE Su CO. M
Garpets-Furniture-Draperies
114 to 122 POST STREET.MINOT. N. D. ( Dec. '30.— W^ C. Put
nam, cashier of, the bank at Lansford,
committed suicide to-day by shooting.
The affairs, of the bank are said to be
in good condition.
Banker Commits Suicide.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Dec. 30.—
The Chilean Government has received
offers from the, Japanese Government
for the ourchase of. two Chilean war
shins, the- battle-ship Captain Prat;
.6000 -tons, and the cruiser Chacabuco,
4500 tons.
Bidding f or Chilean Warships.
YOKOHAMA, Dec. 30.— At an ex
traorUinary meeting of the Privy Coun
cil to-day the fact was developed that
no time limit had been set for Russia's
reply to the last official note from the
Japanese Government.. Strong opposi
tion is now publicly manifested toward
the Cabinet, owing to the dilatory tac
tics it is pursuing.
The latest Government ordinance an
nounced invests the commander of For
mosa with full authority to 'act, in case
war Is declared.
Japanese Populace Accuses Ministry
of Dilatory Tactics/
CABINET AGAIN' ATTACKED.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— The Japan
ese Minister called at the State De
partment to-day and reported that the
situation in the Far East was one that
gave great concern and that Japan was
making great preparations for the
worst. It Is hoped, however, that Rus
sia-will reconsider her first answer to
Japan's request.
At the Russian embassy and at the
Japa'nese legation the press 13 informed
that the situation In the Far East has
entered, upon a critical stage. Both
the Russian Embassador, Count Cas
sini, and Kogoro Takahira, the Japan
ese Minister, express ihe hope that war
Is not yet inevitable;*' Count Casslni
goes further and is of the opinion that
the situation may yet;be saved without
recourse to arms, but, the Embassador
has no official advices on which to base
this belief a«d it is only his personal
view. Takahira takes a more pessi
mistic view of the case.
Russia and Japan are receiving num
erous letters from ; Americans offering
their services in the event of war. The
Russian Embassador and the Japanese
Minister are declining all offers of as
sistance. At the Japanese legation the
Toldo Is Getting Ready for War.
Jnpanese Minister at Washington Says
PREPARING FOR THE WORST.
The Foreign Office continues to as
sure inaulrerg that the German Gov
ernment does not believe war will is
sue from the Japanese-Russian contro
versy. The Japanese legation believes
and hopes Russia will grant Japan's
requests. Count von Osten-Sacken, the
Russian Embassador, has been accept
ing invitations in unusual numbers, ap
pearing at breakfasts, receptions, din
ners and balls, serene and confident,
The Japanese legation says it has not
received any intelligence from Tokio
confirming the statement that Japan's
patience is exhausted.
The Foreign Office says the German
representatives at Tokio have not been
informed in the sense which the Lokal
Anzeiger Bays they have, and further
that the Russian Government has not
received an ultimatum, for that would
be in effect the meaning of such a dec
laration.
as "Unbearable."
BERLIN, Dec.,30.— The Lokal Anzei
ger, without reserve, says:
"The Japanese Government has in
formed the representatives of the pow
ers at Tokio that the situation at this
moment is unbearable and that Japan
must strike if Russia does not accept
the propositions Japan has submitted,
as Japan cannc-t longer wait for a final
decision." '
Japan Regards the Present Situation
WEARY OF 'RUSSIA'S DELAY.
"PeaeO To-Day; WAr To-Morrow,"
Says the Official Novoe Vremya.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 30,-^he for
eign dispatches received here yesterday
afternoon are reflected to-day In more
pessimistic editorials. The Novoe
Vremya begins Us leader with:
"There is no war to-day; to-morrow
there may be war."
The paper rather fatalistically directs
attention to the fact that wars marked
the opening of the seventeenth, eight
eenth and nineteenth centuries. The
Novoe Vremya, nevertheless, still pos
sesses faith in a peaceful settlement,
saying:
"We believe Japan will not place Rus
sia in a position where to yield would
appear to ba a renunciation. of the de
fense of her vital interests in the Far.
East. Russia does not desire war, but
nobody In Russia will permit the Jap
anese or other friends to execute a dip
lomatic dance upon Russia's peaceful
disposition. .In firm consciousness of
her power, Russia will await events."
RUSSIAN PRESS PESSIMISTIC.
PARIS, Dec. 30.— The Chinese Gov
ernment has promised United States
Minister Conger to soon forward the
Chinese copy of the commercial treaty
to Washington for the exchange of rat
ifications. It is necessary first to obtain
the Emperor's seal. When the treaty
shall have been ratified the opening of
Moukden and Antung to the commerce
of the world can be pressed.
It Is learned In diplomatic circles that
the Japanese Government has informed
the foreign diplomats that the situation
with respect to Russia is desperate, but
not • hopeless. It is believed this infor
mation was communicated to the
French Government for presentation at
St. Petersburg.
While still not believing that war be
tween Russia and Japan will occur, ttfe
optimistic tone In offlclaK and diplo
matic circles here was somewhat modi
fied to-day by advices from Tokio and
St. Petersburg. Japan, it appears. Is
hastening preparations for the purpose,
it is suggested, of influencing Russia's
action upon the Japanese note. Russia,
on the other hand, has no intention to
hurry. Her reply Is not expected to be
made before January 10. Russia's pur
pose seems to be to put the onus of de
claring war upon Japan, if such be the
result of the negotiations.
Ignores Japanese Demand for Prompt
Reply to Final Note.
RUSSIA Wllili XOT HURRY.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Dec. 30. — Bur
glars dynamited the safe of O. Cohen,
jeweler and pawnbroker, last night and
secured $8000 in cash, diamonds,
watches and other property.
Burglars Make Big Hani.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 28. — Northern
Pacific Express No. 4, east bound, Seat
tle to St. Paul, in charge of Conduc
tor J. R. Smith and Engineer G. S.
Wilson, struck a broken rail near
Tusca Siding, 135 miles west of Mte
soula. at 5 o'clock this morning. Seven
cars were derailed, including two Pull
mans. The passengers were badly
shaken up, but none were seriously
hurt.
Passenger Train Derailed.
PARIS, Dec. 30. — The police struck
a decisive blow at the bakers* strike
to-day by arresting four of the chief
officials of the bakers' organization on
the charge of being responsible for
the pillage of bake-shops on the out
skirts of the city. The bakers subse
quently held a meeting, decided to
postpone the strike until January 15,
and protest against the arrests. The
allied trades have also resolved to
postpone the strike.
Paris Strikers Are Arrested.
LONDON. Dec. 30.— Japan this even-
Ing completed the purchase of the Ar
gentine warships Moreno and Rivada
via, building at Genoa, Italy, for which
Russia was also negotiating.
News has been received here confirm
ing previous reports that Japan Is
mobilizing troops, probably with the
object of occupying Korea. The con
firmation has reached the German Gov
ernment officially, and it is interpreted
here, as in Paris, to mean not that Ja
pan intends to send an, ultimatum to
Russia, but that Japan may occupy
Korea without Russia considering it a
casus belli. The .situation is regarded
here to-night as developing rapidly, yet
not necessarily toward war.
In response to an inquiry as to
whether it was true, as asserted by the
Lokal Anzeiger of Berlin, that Japan
had notified the powers that the Russo-
Japanese situation was desperate and
that an immediate reply would be re
quired from Russia, failing which'Ja
pan would strike, the following state
ment was made by the Japanese lega
tion to-night:
"Japan hars confided to the powers
confidentially the circumstances under
which the negotiations have been car
ried on hitherto, justifying her action,
but not at all in the sense that your
Moreno nnd Rlvadavia.
Acquires the Argentine Warships
JAPAN *OUTBIDS RUSSIA.
always taking it as nri impossibility
that the situation in the Far East is
even grave. Others of the diplomatic
corps seem to be without news and
express general ideas, the easy and
safe one being that "hostilities are
quite unlikely." and that each side is
testing its adversary to the breaking
point. Everywhere there is anxiety for
authoritative news that shall bring the
period of suspense to an end.
The mobilization of the Japanese
navy is at least partially attributed,
according to a Vladivostok dispatch to
the Colc-gne Gazette, to open acts of
hostility oa the part of the Koreans
toward Japanese, probably necessitat
ing active measures of defense of Jap
anese interests in Southern Korea.
The Cologne Gazette considers that
this dispatch is an admission that Ja
pan has a good claim to defend her
interests in Southern Korea by force
of arms arid -controverts the rumors to
the effect that Russia would regard the
landing of a considerable Japanese
force in Southern Korea as a casus
belli. The paper concludes:
"The attitude of Russia on this ques
tion may therefore be regarded as a
further concession on her part."
had not been crowned with success.
But the Japanese Minister laid much
stress on the dispatch from Paris § an
nouncing that the French Government
did not believe that war between Rus
sia ar.d Japan would break out, and
said:
"The French Government must be
in a better position than that of any
other power to know the nature of the
Russian reply. If they are honest in
saying they do not believe there was
danger of war they must have been
pretty certain ' Russia will agree at
least to the spirit of Japan's proposals.
Up to now we have had no indication
of this, and unless Russia does agree
there seems no way of averting war.
I onlj- trust that M. Delcasse will be
successful."
Minister Hayashi definitely stated
that the Russian evacuaiion of Man
churia was not one °of the Japanese
cardinal demands.
FRANCE TO REMAIN NEUTRAL.
Baron Hayashi has declared that.
in the event of war, he had the best
authority for saying that France would
not join forces with Russia, even
should China co-operate with Japan,
and that the Triple Alliance would
preserve strict neutrality. For the
former statement Baron Hayashi's au
thority is not known, and his belief in
France's neutrality in case of .China
Joining in the conflict creates some
doubt and astonishment, In diplomatic
circles here there Is no indication when
the Russian reply may be expected.
At the Foreign Office and at the Jap
anese. American and other legations,
the Novoe .Vremya's editorial of to
day is regarded as warlike, but the
suggestin was made at one embassy
that the remarks might really be in
tended fo- home consumption, in order
to make a compromise more palatable
to the Kussian war party.
MERIDIAN. Miss.. Dec. 30. — No
trace has been found of Miss Ethel
Rovelle, the missing heiress, who dis
appeared 'from Meridjan a week ago
to-day. Her relatives both here and
in Birmingham still fear that she has
been kidnaped and being^held for ran
som. It has been learned that Miss
Rovelle has been shadowed by un
known persons ever since it became
known that she had become an heiress.
This strengthens the belief of the fam
ily here that she has been kidnaped.
Miss Rovelle recently came into the
fortune of Mis3 Minerva Binford of
Denver, Colo.
Nothing Is I/earned of the YVhcre
nbouts of Miss Ethel Rovelle of
Meridian. Miss.
BELIEVE HEIRESS IS
HELD FOR RANSOM
Jlinistcr A. G. Blair 3Iay Resign.
ST. JOHN. N. B., Dec. 30. — It is
announced that A. G. Blair, former
Minister of Railways and Canals in
Sir Wilfrid Laurier's Cabinet, wilj
resign his seat in Parliament because
of a disagreement with the Premier
over the Grand Trunk Pacific Rail
way bill. Blair, it is said, has been
designated to inspect the railway sys
tems of the United States, with the
view to * laying the information be
fore a national railroad commission
to" be appointed ty the Cabinet
FIRST JAPANESE LINER TO TAKE OUT INSURANCE AGAINST .
CAPTURE. AND SCENES IN THE KOREAN CAPITAL. WHICH
• JAPANESE TROOPS ARE SOO.V TO OCCUPY. • . '
r. ._.' ..^. ... \ ' I ' ¦ I i
Baron Haya&hi, the Japanese Minis
trr, when questioned regarding the
hopeful attitude, said he was aware
the French Foreign Minister was mak
ing strenuous efforts for peace. So far
a? Baron Hayashi knew to-night these
HOPE CENTERS IV FRANCE.
LONDON, Dec. CO.— Lord Lansdowne's
diplomatic reception to-day centered
on .the Far Eastern crisis. The Rus
sian Embassador, Count Benckendorff.
was unable to give the reception any
information. regarding the tenor of the
Russian reply to Japan, as he had re
ceived no advices on the subject from
St. Petersburg. The Foreign Secretary
adopted a slightly more hopeful torre
to- the other Embassadors than has
pre\-ai!ed at the Foreign Office for the
last few days. This is chiefly due to
th" persistent belief of the French yor
rirn. Minister. M. Ex?lca5=se. that he
will be able to prevail upon Russia to
make such compromises as will avert
war.
EmbasFador Choate, after a confer
ence with Lord Lansdowne, expressed
his continued conviction that a solu
tion would be found, and said the in
dications were not warlike. This belief
was not shared in by some of Lord
Lansdowne's other callers, notably the
German Embapsador.
Hope of Peace Rests
in the Efforts of
France.
Last evening at a. meeting of a num
ber of intelligent representative Rus'
sians of the kind that can be taken as
echoing popular sentiment, the spirit
shown coincided with impressions
gathered here in governmental " cir
cles, which is that there is rapidly
growing impatience and ever increasing
conviction of necessity for Russia to
assert herself, the tone of opinion be
ing summed un"*-as follows:
"Russia musj be the dominating pow
er Jn the Far,.East. She long ago be
came tired of of inferior
Eastern powers contesting for the same
position, and is convinced that it is
high time that Russia should strike
with mailed fist and show once for all
that she will not be trifled with, and
the pretension of Japan that the yellow
races are to rule the Far East is one
which Russians canno. admit.!'
Apropos of this a Vladivostok tele
gram to the Novoe Vremya says. that
much attention has been drawn there
to the avowed intentions of the Japan
ese to place themselves in front as a
power of the Far East with the theory
of "Asia for Asians" and to conclude
an alliance for that purpose with the
Asiatic powers.
RUSSIANS ARE ASSERTIVE.
"The late peaceful news is destroyed
by to-day's Tokio news. Japan is tak
ing extreme measures. Russia does not
seek war, but not one Russian would
for "one . moment desire that Russia,
with her peaceful intentions, should bi
made to- dance 'to the piping of Japan
and. her friends. With full knowledge
of her. strength, t Russla/. Is: awaiting
events."" jj ','
The official Novy Krai says:
"A Mongolian war cloud darkens the
horizen. Chinese news shows that the
yellow peril is being strengthened by
Europe at the expense of Russia."
The Dirschewya Viedomosti begins
an editorial with the strong declaration
that it would be folly for Russia, after
expending such stupendous sums on
railroads, to be asked by a small power
like Japan to get out, and proceeds to
say: V-/- ' -
"No man of intelligence in Russia
would !!ke to see his country at war.
But the present crisis is one of such
supreme importance to Russia that any
giving way on part of this • country
would be unworthy of the nation's
aims and traditions."
Japanese will effect a landing in Korea.
Well, what of it, and what after?" This
Indicates that Russia proposes no pre
cipitate action, shc-uld Japan try to
force the situation. The Novoe Vremya,
upon the latest news, takes up the key
note universally heard thus:
"We Russians have employed every
means ar.d have been making all the
concessions possible in order to avoid
the deplorable contingency of this
scourge to the Decple.
IjATE OUTLOOK GLOOMY.
Member or Body Charges That Asso
ciate Has Accepted Fees for
Contracts.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 30.— Before
the Grand Jury at Kansas City, Kan?.,
to-day, George McL. Miller, a member
of the Board of Education, told the
jury, it is said, that an agent of a Chi
cago book firm told him that one of
the other members of the board had
agreed to secure a contract to supply
books to the public schools in consider
ation of $700. .,. ,. ';¦
The schoolbook agent then arranged
a meeting with the member of the
board, when a verbal agreement was
made and witnessed by two other per
sons. Miller also told the Jury, it i?
said, that a contractor last year hacx
stated to him that a member of the
Board of Education had demanded $100
to get the signatures of the board for
paving in front of a fchool building.
KANSAS CITY SCHOOL
BOARD UNDER FIRD
PAPEETE. .Tahiti, Dec. 18. — A
representative of large interests in
Australia and New Zealand is here
and is understood to be planning the
erection of a desiccated cocoanut
plant. He may also separate the fiber
of the cocoanut husk. These enter
prises are likely to stimulate the
planters to new activity. There is
a rumor that New Zealand and Aus
tralia may bid against San Francisco
for cocoanuts in the future.
The Societe Commerciale de
rOceanie has been bidding for copra
lately in order, to load a bark for a
European market. About 1300 tons
will thus be diverted from San Fran
cisco. The above named company as
serts that the prices at the latter place
are not sufficiently high to warrant
shipments.
Australia and Europe Said to» Be
Trying to Corner Crop of
BIDDING FOR COCOAXUTS
AGAINST CALIFORNIA
a SEATTLE, Dec. 30. — Five hundred
youngf Japanese in Seattle are ready to
fight for their country in the event of
war with Russia. This number have
sent their residence address to fhe Im
perial Govarnment. A Japanese mer
chant' in Seattle i3 authority for the
statement that this means more than
appears on the surface. He says that
the men are instructed to secretly or
ganize and prepare to so to the Ori
qnt when a transport under guard of
two warships will come here to re
ceive them. He further says that se
cret papers have been received from
Japan asking that all merchants and
subjects of the Imperial. Government
contribute a tenth part of their Ir.
come as a war fund.
The work has been going on secret
ly and seems to have developed to
such an extent that a good sized army
is expected to be organized from the
Pacific Coast States alone. By some
it is estimated that fully 3000 able
bodied men are ready to proceed to
Japan from Washington. Oregon, Cal
•ifornia and British Columbia. This
secret enrollment is said to be undfer
.way in all the larger cities of the
coast. '4
Saburo Hisamidzu, Japanese Con
sul here, denies that there is any or
der or secret arrangement from his
Government and knows nothing re
garding the talk of Japanese trans
ports and warships coming to Seat
tle. He says that the list now being
sent- to Japan- are the lists of able
bodied fighting men that are forward
ed to the Imperial Government every
year.
Little Rrown Men on Pacific Coast
. Propose to Return to Orient.
JAPANESE READY TO FIGHT.
¦ :
Special Cablesram to The Call and Xew York Herald. CjpyrlKht, 1903, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
announcement is, authorized that far
.days Takahira's malls contained many
letters from Americana wishing to en
list in the Japanese a ( pmy or navy. The
Minister is sending a personal note to
each writer, .expressing: the profound
appreciation ' of the Japanese people
for this' evidence of sympathy on the
part of the Americans, tut say'qg that,
even if assistance were needed, the laws
of Japan preclude . the emplovment of
any foreign troops. Furthermore,
Japan's ¦ array; and • navy are adequate
to meet the emergency. JTakaliira has
advised h^s Government by cable of
these offers of assistance and the
Japanese .embassies and legations
throughout Europe also will be made
aware of this demonstration of Ameri
can sympathy. .
Count Cassini, in declining the offers
which his Government also is receiv
ing, is expressing his appreciation of
the soirit" which prompts "_ He is
likewise advising St. Pe:ersbun* of the
fact, that the Russian Government may
know of the sympathy felt for Russia
in the present crisi3. '"¦ • ' '
.ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 30.— Any
optimism as to a peaceful outlook was
rudely shaken by Tokio dispatches to
day. The sentiment prevailing is that
the chance of avoiding war has been
reduced to a minimum. A high mili
tary authority, accepting war. as a fore
gone conclusion, said:
"I presume when the time comes the
Hope -of Peace Is Dissipated by
News of Tokio's Mobilization
RUSSIA, UNYIELDING AND CONFIDENT,
WILL FORCE JAPAN TO BEGIN THE WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1903.
3
Pyrography outfits and things to
burn in wood and leather. Art material
.department. Sanborn, Vail . & Co. •
SB. PIZBCE'S B.EMEDEES.
Whca a wotaan gives up it {s because
the has gone to the utmost limit of
strength and endurance. It is a marvel
how women will stagger oa under Itoe
daily household burdens when the whole
body is racked with pain.
For the nervous, run-down condition
which so many women experience, ts «.
result of overstrain in household cares,
there is no medicine can equal Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It
etren flhens the weak ctomach by cur-
ing diseases of the organs of digestion
and cutxition. It purifies the bloo?l of
poisons wiich cause rheumatism aad
other piisf-J diseases. It nourishes the
serves, and builds up the body with
eouad, healthy flesh.
There is no alcohol in • Golden Med-
ical Discovery " 2nd it is entirely free
from opium, cocaine and all other nar-
cotics.
Accept no substitute for the * Discov-
ery." There is nothing " just as good"
for weakness, nervousness and debility.
"I wart the wlioir worM to know what Dr.
Pierce'* medicine* have done for me." mite*
Mrs. He'ea Harda-rove. of Bacgs, Knox Co., O. r
'I had nuny of the ills of woman s life. My
lung* *£d throct troubled ate besides, ct-i I had
rheumatism. About a ye&r aco I had to give
tip work I was «o bad. I had hetrd «o much
¦.Sout vour medicine I thought I wocld try it.
I took Jour bottle* of yocr ' Golden Medical Di»-
covcrr" tad 'Pellets,' and by the ti:ae I had taken
half of the ffrs* bcttie I bepan to gain, and kept
ob getxivx T>mrr. And bow I have no more of
tr.y old ailments and am entirely cured of theu-
cLtrrn, X fed like a new woman."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Seqd
21 one -cent ctamps for the book in
paper covers, or .>r ctamps for cloth
binding. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
falo. N.Y.
People and grocers are equal-
ly interested in Schilling's Best
tea bt't'.Ttc powitr tpicM
4jcZea tt vorir. g extracts soda
'apart from the goodness of
them.
Money back dealing. !>>!
, ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
GOVERNOR OF OEEGON
1 •• 1 ¦ 1 ft a ft n n 1 1* 1 n
jflssssBBsfiflECsss^ssi^BfilsKSfSft^s^^ ' '"^^^Ttfejeaffi^ffirtffi^
~ . CAPITOL .BUILDING. SALEM. OREGON.
| \ A Letter From the Governor of Oregon.
Pertina is known from the Atlantic to admirer of Peruna. He keeps it con-
the Pacific. Letters of congratulation tinually in the houso. In a recent letter
and commendation testifying to the mer- to Dr - Hartman he says:
Its of Peruna as a catarrh remedy are w^??* ° T \ Or «\S° n -
mm SKSSrS !• w^-^^^M
dreds of such letters 'daily, aii classes Dear Sirs — / hava had occasion io
the* forest 6 1etterS> fr ° m the higheSt tO use your Peruna medicine in my family
.The outdoor laborer, the indoor arti- for colds, and it proved to 6fl an OX-
san. the clerk, the editor, the statesman, cellent remedy. I have not had occa-
the preacher — all agree that Peruna is • a -a x other atlmanis
the catarrh remedy of the age. The stage sl0nt0 uso /r Tor OWer ailments.
and rostrum, recognizing catarrh as Tours very truly,' W. B. Lord.
their greatest enemy, are especially en- It will be noticed that the Governor
thusiastic in their praise and testimony, says* he has not had occasion to uso Pe-
Any man who wishes perfect health runa for other ailments. The reason f.w
must be entirely free from catarrh. Ca- ££<£ %2£g%%^£^^
; tarrh is well nigh universal; almost om- co lds. he protects his family against
! nipresent. Peruna is the only absolute other ailments. This is exactly what
1 safeguard known. A cold is the begin- every other family in the United Statea
ning of catarrh. To prevent colds, to should do.* Keep Peruna in the house.
cure colds is to rheit catarrh" out of it* v * e u for co "Shs. colds, la grippe and
cure cows, is to cneat catarrh out or its othpr climatlc affections of winter, and
victims. Peruna not only cures catarrh. there wiI , be no other ailments in the
but prevents it. Every household should house. Such families should provide
be supplied with this great remedy for themselves with a copy of Dr. Hartman's
coughs, colds and so forth. free book, entitled "Winter Catarrh."
The Governor of Oregon is an ardent Address Dr. Hartman. Columbus, Ohio.
.Ask Your Druggist tor a Free Peruna Almanac for 1904.
ADVESTISEXENTS.
* 1 . . — . — —
ooo©oooeoo©oo©«ooooo©oo«ooeeco«oo©oeoooeaoooo
I MEN, COME TO ME!|
S . >^ If you don't feel right I 9
2 *m^—^t. f* \ can cure you with iny Elec- a
5£ /L^-nS >*» \ trie E«lt. If you «re weak. I X
2 'i sr^t*k ' *^»- \ can m aJt e y° u strong;. If you 2
• » SlMmoL \ are * ul1 of rheumatic pains. j»
® LKvw*^V \ \ * can knock them out. I can >w
© «*lJ/3W -^f li \ pour oil into your Joint* and 9
A \rSyjj \\ \ limber them up. 1 have ©
Z W\\ ,y I » \ often «ald that pain and elec- 9
Jf fl \ ' J^ ' ' 'I •'¦"'¦ I V trldty can't live In the tama *%
O juffe£§ V. < —^>* —»y^^— >l \ \ house, and I prove It every if
• " \mSPjf^_ V \yj Mr - Ct0 M - Curtis. Livingston. J
4) VBrmHr^^' m -*^7~ - 1 ¦"* ~r Cal.. wrlt»i: I gufferei with 9
fg£jjgF , , t - " v »*v •'J^ chronic lame b*ck for y»ars. I am %
Q^JHflT g X V» ' ¦ "^^^^ pleated to «ay that afxer threa a
Kaffir I V JK *~'Zl~ mmm ~*^fjl4nf43 months' us? of your Celt I «m Z
KJSj V >> v '/ eompJet'Jy cured and as well ai I "T
O far Vv. * j£B r -?£i5¥ I* w wer« not for the sr«1- *
• ffa i% ill .1 @%&^-We*¥ ndlce due to the *rsat num- Q
ffl » m^\^7f^Vy^' L^^M^SSSr aot *• aM * *» candle o
Y 3 J^^B^gt^t^L **• tontine*! that would come *>
5 1 t° »•• T ** Tree Bait"- X
• -»£&•. Bcheme, which are not free at «»
O JSHfB^ ' v>^>fc>icH'ljKMUlwUJ»»y.^^ ftll. naT* male every one **
O /BHsWeV 3M/;i»yjaHW MPHBHBHl »*«yttc«l. but X knoir that I O
S y&Ss&m -^V 'W'j VNMKSflUllWftirwnW har» a g-ood thtac. ana III 4
Y XJ&-T- l wMgBBSff hammer away until you Q
Z » know rt. " O
a One thing every man ought to know is this: Tour body is a machine. Q
a It is run by the uteam in your blood and nerves. When you begin to a
2 break down In any way you are out of Steam. That's just what 1 want q
2 to grive you ba*lc. q
5? Mr. John O'Brien. 1453 Fifth «t.. Oakland. Cal.. writei: T nnSaxti Intensely from
™ very severe lumbaro. Plasters and medicine aSordtd no relief. After using your 7
• Belt for nine day* my pains were gone and I hxve been free from suffering ever since.
® X hare a cur* la every town. Tell me \riero you Ure aad 111 fflva yon j
9 the name of a man I've enred. ~
9 Tell me your Trouble and Til t*l you honestly whether I can cure JT
• you or not. If I can't cure you, I don't want your money. I have been ~?
• in this business twenty-two years, and am the biggest man In it to-day •
O by long odds, and I am growing- yet. because I give every man all ho ©
O pays for. O
• . ' Now wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance, while you sleep O
© every night and feel Its glowln&r warmth pouring into you. and feel your- 0
a self taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to clog your o
0 intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely. Try me. 0
M Mr. James Cuyler. Reno. Nev., write* : I haT« used yoar Ele«trtc Belt and can 0 ¦
• - truthfully eay that It has cured me of what ¦wan supposed to b» a hopeless casa of g\
„ lame back. 'l am now In perfect health and the credit is due to your treatment. if
« If you wlir come and see me I'll explain to you. If you can't call, if
5 let me send my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring to strength 5
2 and courage. Free if you send this ad. * "
• dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, *&%£*£&£**'•¦
• Office Hours — 8"a,'m- to • p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. O
3e90w00000000.«99e0w 009 00© 9090000900 00 00 00000 OPocketbooks, wrist bags, letter and
c*rd cases, bill books, cigar cases and
manicure sets. Fine things for New
Year's. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
KNOXVILLE. Tenn.. Dec. 30. — Den-"
nis Leahy, for several years a player
of the Virginia Baseball League, was
shot and killed here to-day by Frank
Rasran, The latter was arrested.
Baseball Player Is] Rilled.
Two stables were burned last night
In the neighborhood of Brannan and
Ninth streets. The first fire occurred
in the stable of the firm of Patrick
McFadden at 36 Potrero avenue. A
horse was burned to death. Almost
simultaneously with the alarm calling:
the department to the first fire a sec
ond alarm was rung in from the same
box for a fire at 953' Brannan street.
A stable belonging to the River Ex
press Company was damaged to ths
extent of $300.
Two Fires at Same Time.
"I'll never allow another theater to
be built with a stick of wood In it," he
declared, reading bulletins which were
handed him. "The Iroquois was built
along the very latest lines and wa3 pro
vided with twenty-seven double exits,
but wood was used and stairways wen'
employed. A fireproof building will not
be erected as long as wood Is used. In
a theater there are so many articles of
inflammable material that when a blaze
once gets headway it spreads in the
raost alarming manner."
PITTS BURG. Dec. 30.— Benjamin H.
Marshall, the architect who designed
the Iroquois Theater, left for his home
to-night, taking advantage of the first
opportunity to view the scene of the
horror. Marshall was overwhelmed by
the news of the disaster.
ARCHITECT VOWS HE
WILL BUILD NO MORE
WOODEN THEATERS
CHICAGO, Dec. 31.— Will J. Davis and
Harry- J. Powers, proprietors of the
Iroquois Theater, made the following
statement at 1:20 o'clock this (Thurs
day) morning:
"So far as we have been able to as
certain the cause or causes of the most
unfortunate accident of the fire in the
Iroquois, it appears that one of ths
scenic . draperies was noticed to have
ignited from some cause. It was de
tected before it had reached an appre
ciable flame, and the city fireman who
is detailed* and constantly on duty
when the theater la opened noticed it
simultaneously with the electrician.
The fireman, who was only a few feet
away. Immediately pulled a tube of
"Kllf yre,!; of which I there were many
hung about . the stage, and , threw ' the
contents upon the blaze, which would
have been more than enough if the
.'Kilfyre) had been effective, and would
have; extinguished the flame at once,
but. for sdme cause it had no effect..;
"The fireman and electrician then or
dered down . the "asbestos curtain, and
the flreinan threw 'the- contents of an-
OBSTINATE ASBESTOS
CURTAIN THE' CAUSE,
S SAY PROPRIETORS
CORONER BELIEVES
RESULTS OF DISASTER
WERE UNAVOIDABLE
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— Coroner Treager
made as complete an inspection of the
theater as possible. He said:
"If the . asbestos curtain had been
working I believe the fire might have
been prevented from spreading into the
audience chamber. An Iron railing
which separated each row of seats from
the adjoining tier prevented, I think,
many from reaching places of safety.
This circumstance, combined with the
steep incline, made it difficult for so
large an audience to escape without
great ' delay. This is a modern fire
proof theater, furnished with all the
appliances and equipment that are sup
posed to prevent just such a catas
trophe as now has occurred. The plush
on the seats of ; the first balcony was
charred, but still visible.
' "This does not look to me as though
everybody would have got out of the
theater alive when you Uake into ac
; count the speed with which the flames
had spread. My Inspection showed
that the seats on the, main floor were
burned but little. The balconies had
evidently shielded to a large extent the
seats in the parquet. The path of the
flames was evident. The stage and
ceiling of the theater were blistered
and blackened* .There was practically
no damage to furniture on the first
floor. The ' booth boxes on the sec
ond tier were' destroyed by fire, while
gled and charred humanity. We car
ried out bo many Injured and dead that
at last they grew so numerous.that we
were unable to keep counj of them.
Such a dreadful sight I trust I will
never be called upon to witness again.
Crazed men- fought to get within the
corridors, thinking to find their loved
ones among the piles of corpses that
filled every available foot, of space.
Strong men with tear-blinded eyes
stood on the sidewalk anad called loud
ly the -names of their loved ones, as
though there were a chance of the dead
hearing. We had all we could do to
lessen their grief, but such scenes can
never be forgotten in a lifetime."
those oh the first floor were burned
only in spots, evidently by burning
fragments from above."
W. A. Merriman. Western manager
of the George H. .Fuller Company,
the concera .which erected the Iro
quois Theater, when seen . to-night
made the following statement con
cerning the construction of the build-
Ing: .
"The building was built. with 'safety
as the rnnln consideration. All build
ing ordinances were adhered to in
every detail, and. more than that,
there were 'additional safeguards
thrown about until I do not hesitate
to state that there was no theater
building in the country which was
freer from danger. The j exits were
numerous and all the work which
our company performed was abso
lutely fireproof. After making a
very, careful examination of the build
ing since the fire I find the structure
as erected still stands intact."
equipment of the theater. It started,
they claim, from the bursting of a
calcium light apparatus. Thi concus
sion was so great that it blew out the
skylight over the stage and auditorium.
This statement of the theater man
agement is contradicted by many per
sons who were in the theater and who
declared that when the explosion oc
curred they saw flames in a narrow
streak crossing the wall near the upper
part of the drop curtain.
W. A. C. Sellers, the house fireman,
who was severely burned in trying to
lower the asbestos curtain, describes
the scene upon the stage and the cause
as follows:
"I was standing in the wings when
I heard the explosion and there Im
mediately went forward a cry of 'Fire!'
from the stage and all parts of the
theater. Looking up, I saw that the
curtain was ablaze, so I rang for the
fire curtain. We got it half way<4lown,
when the wind, rushing in from the
broken skylights, bellied it out so that
it caught and we could not budge it.
'With the stage hands I climbed to
where it was suspended and together
we tried to push it. down. Our efforts
were futile, and seeing that no human
power could move that fire curtain, and
that the stage was a mass of flames.
I turned my attention toward warning
the actors and trying to save those who
were in trouble.
"The women were frantic and the
men not much better. I stocd at "the
stairway leading to the dressing-rooms
where the chorus people were located
and kept some from going up to get
their street clothes. As the others came
down I forced them to leave the build
ins. I do not kntrw how they ever got
out all those girls and men who came
crowding down the stairs, for the stage
entrance was blocked by a mass of
flames."
IIISHOP FALLOWS A HERO.
Among the hundreds of persons who
rushed to the rescue when the call of
fire was heard on the streets was Bish
op Fallows, who happened to.be near
the theater. Without fear or hesita
tion he made his way through the dark
ness, which was intensified by the vol
ume of smoke that filled the audito
rium, to the top gallery and assisted in
carrying out the victims.
"God forbid that I ever again shall
It was the presence of the children,
hundreds of whom were In the audi
ence, and the efforts of their frantic
mothers, impelled by their flrst thought
to seek the safety of their young, that
caused much of the pandemonium.
Alexander H. Revell.'who had. sent his
little daughter, Margaret, with a little
friend. In charge of a maid, to see the
performance, five minutes, after the
fire started heard of it in his store, and
hastily calling a carriage drove madly
to the burning building. By the great
est good fortune one of the flrst persons
he encountered was the hysterical
maid, who Informed him that the two
children had been saved without injury.
Revell then hastened into the theater
and participated in the rescue.
"As I worked in the upper balconies,"
said he, "the sight of those poor, women
and their little children with clenched
fists raised as though trying to beat
their Way to safety and stricken down
in the very act is too horrible to at
tempt to describe. But I thought of
how my own little ones had been saved
and I forgot my horror and did all I
could to save those who were not so
fortunate. I assisted the police and
firemen in carrying down^more than
twenty bodies." *-', ;T*.-~
Sheriff Barrett and a score of depu
ties from his office assisted in carrying
out the injured and in keeping order
among the mob' of frantic relatives
who thronged the streets in front of the
burning building, " vainly .seeking ." in
formation that no one, could give them.
"I have never before witnessed such
a scene in all my life," said Sheriff Bar
rett. "On all sides were heaps of man-
MAID SATES CHILDREN.
see such a heartrending sight," said
the Bi3hop to-night. "I have been in
wars and on the bloody field of battle,
but in all my experience I have never
seen anything half so gruesome as the
sight that met my eyes when, with the
aid of a tiny lantern, I was finally able
to DPRetrate the inky darkness of that
balcony. There was a pile of bleeding
bodies ten feet high, with blackened
faces and remnants of charred cloth
ing clinging to them. Borne were alive
and moaning in their agony. Others —
and, oh! by far the greater number
were dead. I assisted in carrylng.many
of the injured down and ministered to
them the best I could."
other tube of Kilfyre upon the blaze,
but with no better result. The commo
tion thus caused excited the alarm of
the audience, who Immediately started
for the exits, of which there are twen
ty-five of unusual width, all opening
out' and ready to the hand of any one
reaching them. The draught thus
caused, It Is believed, had before the
curtain could be entirely lowered, pro
duced a bellying of the asbestos cur
tain, causing a pressure on the guides
against the solid brick wall, thus stop
ping its descent. Every effort was
made by those 0.1 the stage to pull It
down,- but the draught was so great it
seemed that the pressure against the
wall and the friction caused thereby
was so strong that it could not be over
come. The andience became panic
stricken in their efforts to reach the
exits and tripped and fell over each
other, blocking the way.
"The audience was promptly ad
monished and importuned by persons
on the stage and in the auditorium to
be calm and avoid any rush; that the
exits and facilities for emptying the
theater were ample to enable them all
to get out without confusion.
"No 'expense or precaution was
omitted to make the theater as fire
proof as it could be made, there be
ing nothing combustible -in the struc
ture except the trimmings and fur
nishings of the stage and auditorium.
In the building of the theater we sac
rificed more space to aisles and ex
its than any other theater in Amer
ica."
IROQUOIS THEATER. MEMBERS
OP CAST. AND SCENE JUST
PRECEDING FIRE.
While the police and firemen were
carrying out the d^ad and injured. Will
J. Davis, one of the proprietors of the
theater, was indefatigable in his ef
forts to alleviate suffering and to as
sist in caring for the dead. He said:
"There was no need, as far as 1
know, of a single life being lost. There
were more than forty exits to the the
ater. The building is fireproof, and Jf
somebody had not screamed 'Fire!' I
think that all. es far as those killed In
the panic are concerned, could have
reached the. street in safety: and of
those who were suffocated by the gas.
nearly all would have been taken out
by the time the explosion occurred, if
order had been preserved In making
th*ir exits.
"As far as we have learned, every
body on the first floor except three es
caped, although some sustained bruises
and other minor Injuries. The great
Iocs of life was In the first and second
balconies. These combined will seat
'about 900 persons. The sale of seats
had been good, but not up to the ca
pacity, and as far as I can estimate
the. balconies held between 750 and 80D
persons. The top balcony, where the
cheapest seats were located, was the
most crowded and it was there the
crowd found most difficulty in Strug-
E'lrc toward the exits." S^SS
CONFLICTING ACCOUNTS.
It was declared to-night by the man-
Rgement of the theater that the fire
was not caused by the grounding of an
electric wire or by any defect In the
MANAGER DAVIS' STORY.
dressing rooms and *.vcre almost
overcome by smoke when they
down to the stage and to the
doors. The simple fact that the
curtain did not descend entirely
was what saved the lives of the
company, although it caused such
a horrible catastrophe in the front
of the house.
"After the curtain had refused
to descend there came the explo
sion of the gas tanks. With the
curtain down, all the fire and gas
would have been confined be
tween the rear wall of the theater
and the .fireproof curtain in front.
Under these circumstances it
would not have been possible for
a single member of the company
to escape alive unless he or she
had been standing immediately in
front of the door leading: into the
alley. As it was the draught carried
all the gas and fire out beneath
the curtain and the company was
saved, although their salvation
meant the deaths of so manv poor
the rear of the house. I never be
lieved it possible for fire to spread
SO quickly.
"When it started I went to thfe
footlights, and, to prevent alarm
ing the audience, said that there
was a slight blaze, and that it
would be better for all to leave
quietly. Then I stepped back and
called for the asbestos curtain to
be lowered. This curtain, when
• about half-way down, refused to
go farther and thus an additional
draught was created. This swept
the liames into the auditorium
- and I knew that the theater was
doomed.
AUKS WOMEN TO ESCAPE.
"I hurried back to the stage and
aided in getting the women mem
bers of the company into the al
lcv. Some of them were in the
In describing the commence
ment of the fire. Foy attributed
the catastrophe to the failure of
the fireproof curtain to work
properly. Because of this, he said,
the flames readily obtained access
to the main part of the theater
and the draught, carrying with it
gas as well as fire, swept up to
th<t two balconies, where the loss
of life i was greatest.
"The fire began in the middle of
the second act," said Foy. "An
electric wire broke, was grounded
and from this the flames were
started in the rear of the stage.
The stage is unusually wide and
there was so great a draught that
the flames spread rapidly. They
soon attacked all the scenerv in
House in his stage costume ,and
with his face covered with grease
paint, in order to obtain surgical
attention for some burns.
FOY DESCRIBES HORROR.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30. — The
members of the "Mr. Bluebeard"
theatrical company, being on the
first floor of the Iroquois Theater,
had little difficulty in reaching the
street, although their situation
was for a moment highly critical
because of the speed with which
the flames swept through the
mas? of scenery in the flics and on
the stage. 0
Eddie Foy. principal comedian
in the play, was one of the last to
escape, getting out through a rear
door after assisting the women
members of the company to safe
tv. He went 4nto the Sherman
Whiifi G of Fate That Dooms Audience
Saves the Lives of Those
on the Stage. > i
Survivors and Rescuers Describe the
Catastrophe and Scenes in
House of Death.
IMPRISONED HUNDREDS STRUGGLE WITH MANIACAL FURY TO REACH EXITS
Crowds Rush to Fire Escapes, Only
to Find That Ladders Have
Not Been Placed.
Foremost Are Hurled to Their Death
by the Frantic Struggles
of Those Behind. "
CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— The Iro
quois Theater had been con
structed but a short time and its
equipment was not all yet in
place. This included, unfortun
ately, a fire escape in the rear of
the building.* The small iron bal
conies to which the iron ladder
was to be attached were up, but
the ladder had not yet been con-
When the panic was at its
height a great number of women
ran for the fire escapes, only to
find, as they emerged from the
doorway- upon the little iron plat
form, that they were thirty or for
ty feet from the ground, a fire be
hind and no method of escape in
front. Those who reached the
platform first endeavored to hold
theifc footing and to keep back the
crowd that pressed upon them
from the rear. *,* y^j
• /The effort was useless .and in a
few moments the iron ledges
weje jammed with crowds of wo
men who screamed, fought and
tore at each other like maniacs.
This lasted but a brie^. interval
and the rush" from the'jrvierior of
the -building became so violent
that -many of them W^JSS crowded
oft and fell to the granite pave
ment below. Others leaped from
the platform, fracturing legs and
arnjs, and two were picked up
at this point with fractured skulls,
having been killed instantly.
George H. Elliott, secretary of
the Ogden Gas Company, was in
a building directly across the al
ley from the theater, and, noticing
smoke, went down to ascertain its
qause. When he reached the
street the women were already
dropping into ttfe alley, and Elli
ott imrrtediately rushed for a lad
der in the effort to save as many
as possible. No ladder was avail
able, .and the only manner of as
sistance they were able to devise
was to hurriedly lash some planks
together and throw them across
to the women on the
platforms, with instructions to
place the end firmly on the iron
work. Before this could be done
a fearful loss of time ensued, wo
men were being hurled every in
stant into the alley, and by the
time the bridge was constructed
few persons remained to take ad
vantage of it. However, about
two dozen, it is believed by Mr.
Elliott, made their way across
this narrow causeway.
MUSICIAN OF THIS
CITY EMPLOYED AT
THE BURNED THEATER
SEATTLE. Dec. 30.— Carlos E. Arri
ola, formerly of San Francisco, was
flute player in the orchestra of the new
Iroquois Theater, which was burned in
Chicago to-day. Arriola's parents, one
or two brothers and a sister live in San
Francisco at. the present time. All th*
Arriolas are musical. One of his broth*
ers was cornet soloist at the exposition
held in Portland two or three years ago.
His friends here fear that he may b»
among the dead.
Se.veral years ago Arriola came here
from San Francisco and joined Wag
ner's First Regiment band as flrst flute.
He held that position until about a
year ago, when he and his wife went to
Continued on Pasc 5.
STRIKING LIVERYMEN
CALL A TRUCE AND
WILL NOT INTERFERE
CHICAGO, Dec. 30. — Immediately
after the news of the Iroquois The
ater disaster reached the headquarters
of the striking liverymen, Albert
Toungr, general organizer for the In
ternational Teamsters' Association,
called an executive session of the
strike leaders.
It was decided that, in view of th^
fearful loss of life at the fire, that all
other considerations than thosa of
humanity must be swept aside and
immediate action taken to permit
burial of the dead without hindrance
of any character.
THE - SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, .THURSDAY.'- -DKCKMB&R v 31, . 1003.
4Incomplete Roster of Victims^ of the Catastrophe Car
ries the Names of 'Hundreds.
Continued From Paje 1, Column 7.
Wave of Fire
Kills Many in
Their Chairs
Continued From Page 1, Colunin.\,4.
Continued on Page 7, Column 2.
Ray Greenwald.
George Sexton, Beloit, Wis.
Walter Thatcher.
Mrs. A. Alexander.
M. B. Rhimes.
William C. Bentall.
Hannah Welfeld.
Miss Laura BoIIe.
Josephine Philat.
Theodore Robert, Woodford, 111.
Mrs. Edna Wllcox.
Bessie Zimmerman.
Jessie Linemeyer, Evanston. III.
. Adele Regenburg. .
. Arthur Carille, . member of "The Bil
lionaire" company, Illinois Theater.-
William- Ahern. -
Helen Dewey, 18 years old.
Ida Cunningham. *
Mrs. S. Stockard, address unknown.
Barlow Clayton, 12 years old.
Bicker Glenn. 14 years of age.
I Dora Mitchell.
¦ Mrs. Anna Dixon.
Leah Dlxon.
Edna Dixon.
Efla Dubois. .
C. G. Mucker..
Mabel Mucker.
Zella Mucker.
Claire Mucker.
Russell Mucker.
Carlton Mucker.
M/R. McKay. ¦
Joseph Beznek and wifeV
Archie and Robert Hippach, boys.
Helen, Marian and Catherine Long,
children, of Geneva, III.
Mrs. F. H. Stafford.
Emma Carban.
Lewis Brewer.;
' Mrs. Hilda Holmes.
Mrs. Susan Turney.
Mrs. Barton and daughter.
Lillie Gass.
been one of box party.
D. Russ, address 'unknown.
•j Mrs." Frank Berg, son and daughters
Olga and Rosalind; were in balcony.
Mrs. : Joljn Guthardt and daughter
Eliza; .were in balcony.
- Mrs. Kavanaugh, supposed .to be
among unidentified dead at the Morgue.
Mrs.-R. Reis and. two children.
Mrs. Rose Bloom.""
Hazel Brown.
Mrs. Bailey.
Mrs. McKenna and son.
" Belle Prinney.
Florence Hutchins, Waukegon, 111.
Mary and Barbara Gartz, children of
A. F. Gartz, treasurer of the Crane
Elevator Company.
Colored nurse of Gartz children.
Miss Jennie French, Kirkvllle, Mo.
Miss Do-lly Reid.
Miss Reid.
Miss Mary Forbes. Mrs. Hull's maid.
Mrs. McGill and daughter Jane.
Mrs. Steinninger.
Mrs. Emily Fox, mother of Hoyt
Fox, and her son and daughter, all
lived at Winnetka, 111.
.Lucille Meade. Berwyn.
Miss Foulke, Berwyn.
Edward and Louise pee, children 1 .
Joseph E. Cullison.
John Holland, Des Moines.
Miss Nina Hansen.
• Mrs. Mary Tarlet and two daugh
ters.
Mrs. David Kennedy, Freeport. 111.
H. Ludwig, wife^and two daughters of
Norwood Park.
Mrs. E. Jones.
Elva Fowler.
Mrs. Duva!.
Mrs. A. Roaken of Zanesville, Ohio,
and two daughters. .
Miss Bessie" Chapman, aged 19 years.
Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Miss Nina Chapman of Cedar Rapids,
Iowa, sister of above.
Miss Anna McChristie.
Mrs. Charles Hickman.
Mrs. Agnes Newman and son.
Mrs. - William Bartlett, son and
daughter, j j
Elsie Meyer. West Grossdale, 111.
Mrs. Pearl Wunderlich. •
Mrs. Rainier, Burlington, Iowa.
Mrs. Edward Frazier. /
Mrs. Koll.
Mrs. Folly and five children.
May Marx.
Nellie Hart.
Maude Smith, Desplainea, 111.
Marcus Smith.
Willie and Frank Gam, children.
Mrs. ElIaHust.
Flora Gark.
Lena Hoffheintz.
Mrs. Francis Kircher.
Miss Electa Sylvester.
Clara Willis.
Mrs. Willis Wagner.
Harriet Wolf, daughter of L. Wolf,
the millionaire.
Margaret Devine.
Ruth Beyersoth, Evanston, 111.
John Miller, address unknown.--
Julia Brewster.
Contfnucd on Pa£C 7, Column 4.
"It was almost incredible the speed
with which the flames ran through the
scenery, and, although I was but a
eecond after Miss FJmore in jumping
over the railing of our box in front of
the stase it was a mass of flames. As I
rtartrc! up the aiF.le a man rushed into
me and knocked me down. I was eo
terror-stricken that I grew weak and
«nk into one of the orchestra chairs,
«rd after that I hardly remember any
thing. In some way I reached the en-
''Th"n there came a great roar and
a great draft of air a.nd the flames
phot out over the parquet of the thea
ter until it fpmpd to me as though It
must reach the very front walls of the
building. There were but few men in
the audience. !,ut I saw several of them
pulling and pushing women and chil
dren aside as they fought like maniacs
to reach the exits. I saw a number of
little children trampled under feet and
none of them arose again. In the bal
cony the scene was lieyond my power
to describe. There was a hijr, black
crush of human bodies, each one seem
ingly fighting everybody else. The bal
cbny Wft» fo steep that many fell be
fore they had left the first four rows
<-f seats. The exits to the fire escapes
were choked, and those in the rear
rushed with all the strength they pos
s'?s^d upon those who were nearer the
doorp.
MEN FIGHT AS DEMONS.
"I could .^e th<» little plris and boys
In the orchestra chairs pointing up
ward to the slowly moving lines Of
f.am^s. One cf the stape hands, wear
ing overalls, nppeared before the foot
lights and r-Quested the audience to
keep their seats, as there was no dan
ger. • Eodi<* Foy then hurried to the
front of the ptace and commanded the
people to remain calm, saying that if
they would keep their seats the danger
would be averted. The curtain, how
ever, still burned, pieces of the smol
dering clotli falling into the orchestra
pit. An effort was made by the stage
hands Ur arrange the curtain so that
the blazinp fragments would not drop
into the rit.
"I looked over the faces of the audi
ence and remarked ho-.v many children
v.ere present. I could see Aeir faces
filled with interest and thei*- eyes wide
open as they watched the burning cur
tain. Just then the people in the bal
cony rose to their feet and crowded
forward to get a better view of the
fire. Eddie Foy rushed to the center of
the stage and waved his arms in a ges
ture, meaning for the people to be seat
ed. At that instant a woman in the
rear cf the place screamed 'Fire!' and
the entire audience of women and chil
dren rose to their feet, filling with un
controllable terror. In another instant
there was a confused roar made by a
thousand people as they rushed from
the Impending danger. On the stage
the chorus girls, who had aroused my
admiration by their exhibition of pres
ence of mind, turned to flee, but many
• •f thpm were overcome before they
could take a step. Several of them fell
to the floor and I saw the men in the
cast and the stape hands carry them
off the stage. Miss Elsie E'more was
the first to leave our box. The uphol-
Fterinsr «-n the railinpf vas then on fire
and wo were compelled to brush frag
ments of the burning curtain from our
clothing in order to prevent them
catching fire.
THE PANIC INEVITABLE.
Waiters and cooks from Thompson's
restaurant, which adjoins the theater
on the east, rescued fifteen people by
raising a ladder from the roof of a
shed to a •window in the rear of the
building, around which window a mass
of screaming women and children were
congregated. C. Little, the head cook,
mounted to the tor> of the ladder and
to!d them to jump into his arms. Fif
teen women and children did this and
were passed dawn to the other men on
The ladder below them. One woman
attempted to jump into his arms be
fore he was ready to take hold of her
and she fell to the alley, fracturing her
pkuli. dying instantly.
One of the marvelous escapes that
was made by the members of a thea
ter party Is given by Miss Charlotte
Plamadon of Chicago. The party was
made u;> of a number of society people
— Miss ;Elsie Elmore of Astoria, Or.;
Miss Mary Peters of Columbus, Ohio,
and Miss Josephine Eddy of Evanston,
111. Mis? Plamadon was the first of
her party to notice the fire, which
crawled alnnc the top of the drop cur
tain. She railed the attention of an
other member of her party to the blaze
and they all watched it. Miss Plama
don said:
CHICAGO. Dec. 30.— Bishop Muldoon,
with a prayer on his lips, his coat nff.
worked among tho injured ksd dying
inside the theater. He was passing
the theater when the panic started and
rushed In to lend a helping hand. He
climbed into the fftillery and there di
rected the work of rescue. Firemen
and policemen rushed upon him to get
him out, but he remained sroong the
suffering while the smoke and flames
came closer to him. At the top of his
voice he begged the people to put their
trust in God and to calm themselves.
His overcoat, coat and hat v.cre held
by a friend in front of me theater.
The Fight of the Bifhop gave courage
to many of the Roman Catholics who
vrre injured and they received sacra
ments from him on the scene. Sheriff
Barrett, who saw Bishop Muldoon tak
ing his coat off and going into the
theater to help in the rescue work, fol
lowed in his steps. Firemen and police,
after the first rush was over, tried to»
pet the prelate to leave, t>ut he would
not. When danger threatened all from
.the north vail, which might drop at
any moment, the police. Sheriff Bar
rett and the firemen by force led him
nut.
WAITEBS SAVE FIFTEEN.
Sr«*"ial Dispatch to The Call.
Risks His Life to
Assist Fire's
Victims.
Bishop Adminis
ters Sacrament
to Dying.
EXPLOSION OF GAS TANKS SENDS SEA OF FIRE THROUGH DOOMED PLAYHOUSE
Relatives of Vic
tims Battle With
the Police.
Strive to Gain En
trance to the
Theater.
CHICAGO. Dec. 30.— Rarely in the
history of Chicago has its peqple been
so stirred as by the calamity of to-day.
Next to the Chicago fire, it is the
greatest castrophe that has ever oc
curred here, and the speed with which
it came and went seemed for a brief
period to appall the business section of
the city. The news spread with great
rapidity and in a short time hundreds
of men, women and children were rush
ing toward the theater.
The building in which the calamity
occurred stands midway between State
and Dearborn streets, on the north side
of Randolph street. Although every
available policeman within call of the
department was Immediately hurried
to the spot and men placed in lines
from the ends of the block, allowing
nobody to enter Randolph street from
either Dearborn or State, it was found
for a time almost impossible to hold
back the frenzied crowd that pressed
forward, many of them having friends
or relatives in the theater and being
anxious to learn something of them-
POLICE WIN PKAISE.
The conduct of the police was beyond
all praise. The officers held their
ground firmly and gently pushed back
all who sought to gain an entrance to
the theater, although in some instances
frantic men, anxious to look for their
loved ones, actually beat the officers
with their fists in their rage a* being
prevented.
In spite of the efforts of the police,
however, a large number of persona
succeeded in breaking through the
lines and entering the theater, and, in
many cases, did heroic work In rescu
ing the injured and carrying out the
dead. Among these was Alderman W.
H. Thompson, who, unaided, carried to
the street the bodies of eight women.
The first newspaper men upon the
ground also carried out many of the
dead and injured.
The building was so full of smoke
when the firemen first arrived that the
full extent of the catastrophe was not
immediately grasped, until a fireman
and a newspaper man crawled up the
stairway leading to the balcony, hold-
Ing handkerchiefs over their mouths t>>
avoid suffocation. As they reached the
door the fireman, whose vision waa bet
ter trained in such emergencies, seized
his companion by the arm, exclaiming:
Continued on Pace 0, Column 2.
.Pretty papeteries in beautiful. boxes — •
envelopes and paper tied with silk rib
bons. ..Good for New Year's. Sanborn.
Vail& Co. • — ¦ • •-
ever\' conceivable attitude, half
naked, the look on the faces re
vealing some portion of the
agony which must have preceded
their deaths. There weie scores
and scores of persons whose en-,
tire faces had been trampled com
pletely off by the heels of those
who rushed over them, and in
one aisle the body of a nian was
found with not a vestige of cloth
ing, flesh or bone remaining
above his waistline. The entire
upper portion of his body had
been cut into mince meat and
carried away by the feet of those
who trampled on him. A seafclf
was made carefully with a hope
of finding his head/ but at. a late
hour to-night it had not been dis
covered andair that will tell his
friends who he -was is. the coloc
and appearance of the clothing
on the lower limbs, and this is in
such a" condition as to. be hardly
recognizable.
In the aisles nearest to the
doors the scenes, were harrowing
in the extreme. Bodies lay in
In the first and second balconies
bodies were piled up in the aisles
three and four deep, where one
had fallen and others tripped over
the prostrate forms. All had died
where they lay, evidently suffo
cated by gas. Others were bent
over the backs of seats, where they
had been thrown by the rush for
the door, and killed with hardly
a chance to rise from their seats'.
••One man was found with his
back bent nearly double, bis spinal
column 'having been fractured as
•he. was thrown backward. A
woman was found cut nearly in
half by the back of the seat,, she
having been forced over, it face
down.
As the police removed layer
after layer of dead in those door
ways the sight became too much
even for police and firemen, hard
ened as they; are to such sights,
to endure. The bodies were in
such an inextricable mass and so
tightly were they jammed be
tween the sides of the door and
the walls that it was impossible
to lift them one by one and carry
them out. The only possible
thins: to do was to seize a limb or
some other portion of the body
and pull by main strength.
Men worked at the task with
tears running down their cheeks;
and the sobs of the rescuers could
be heard even in the hall below
where this awful scene was being
enacted. A number of the men
were compelled to abandon their
tasks and* give it over to others
whose nerves had not as yet been
shaken by the awful experience.
' As one by one the bodies were
dragged out of the water-soaked,
blackened mass of corpses the
spectacle became more and more
heartrending.
There were women whose cloth
ing was torn completely from their j
bodies above the waist, whose
bosoms had been trampled into a
pulp and whose faces were marred
beyond all hope of identification.
BODIES PILED IN AISLES
clothing of others J whom; they
had endeavored to pull down and
trample under foot as they fought
for their own lives. ¦,
SCENE ' SICKENS /RESCUERS
TWO HEROIC RESCUERS AND
THE LOCATION OF THE
DOOMED THEATER.
ter of the doorway reached to with
in two feet of the top of the pas
sageway. -All of the corpses at
this point were those of women
and children. The fight for. life
which must have taken place at
these two points is something
that it is simply beyond human
power to describe. Only a faint
idea of its horror could be de
rived from the aspect of the
bodies as they lay.
Women on top of these masses
of dead had been overtaken by
death as they were crawling on
their hands and knees over the
bodies of those who had died be
fore. Others lay with arms
stretched out in the direction
toward which lay life and safety,
holding in their hands fragments
of garments not their own. They
were evidently torn from the
W. J. Davis, manager of the
theater, said after the catastrophe
that if the audience had remained
seated and had not been ex
cited by the cry of "fire!" not a
single life would have been lost.
This, however, is contradicted by
the Statements of the firemen, who
found numbers of persons sitting
in their seats, their faces directed
toward the stage, as if the per
formance were still going on. It
is the opinion of the firemen that
these persons had been suffocated
at once by the flow of gas which
came from behind the asbestos
curtain.
As near as can be estimated
at the present time about thirteen
hundred persons were in the the
ater. Three hundred of these
were on the first floor, the remain
der being in the balconies and in
the hallways back of them. The
theater was modeled after the
Opera Comique in Paris and
from the rear of each balcony
there were three doors leading out
to passageways toward the front
of the theater. Two of these
doorways were at the end of the
balcony and one in the center.
The audience, in its rush for the
outer air, seems to have chosen,
for the greater part, to ike to the
left entrance and to attempt to
make its way down the eastern
stairway leading into th» lobby
of the theater. Except for those
burned or suffocated by gas it
was in these two doorways on the
first and second balconies that the
greatest loss of life occurred.
DEAD MASSED IN DOORWAY
When the firemen entered the
building the dead were found
stretched in a pile reaching from
the head of the stairway at least
eight feet from the door back to
a point about five feet in the rear
of the door.
This mass of bodies in the cen-
was caused by the flames coming
into contact with, the gas reser
voirs of the theater, causing them
to burst.
DIE IN THEIR CHAIRS
the -tidings of her daughter's
death.
"Mrs. King, wife . of John C.
King, attorn ey. - •
Lillian Philippson; 6 years old;
identification uncertain. '
Boy, 17 years old, lived at La
fayette, Ind.
William Rattley; died in hos- ;
pital.
William M. Reed,, lawyer.
Waukegan, 111.'
Roy Fox;- body; at morgue.
Mrs. L; H. Butler; at morgue!
S. W^ardman; at morgue. •
Edmund W. Morton, agent
Wagner Electric Company, St;
Louis.,
— -'. Newby.
• J. A. Kockems. •
'Mrs.. Stern..:
Donaldson, address unknown.
V HeV.* .George' Howard 'Dudley, • pastor
or All j Saints Cbjjrch. f
- Miss J. H. Dodd of Delaware, Ohio,
visiting friends at Wheaton, 111. %
Miss V. Delee, daughter of. the late
lieutenant of police. ; '•-
W. W. Hooper, Kenosha, Wie.
Five children of H. S. Van Inger of
Kenosha.' Father became separated
from. them and is among the injured.
Mrs. John Minewigging, wife «r Ald
erman. • • ' *
Mildred Merriam, 3 years old; rescued
by father, but died on reaching the
streef. ' ,
Bernice Bailey, at Morgue.
Mrs. A. M.. Mandel, identified by ring.
C. A. Winslow, commercial traveler,
of Three Rivers, Minn. '¦¦•
Donald Wells, name on handkerchief.
Burr Scott.
Fornetta Peterson.
Harvey Kieley, Laclede avenue, St.
Louis.
Thomas Coutell.
Emperly Hall.
Thomas J. Flanagan, 6292 College
avenue, Indianapolis.
Mrs. M. A. Henry.
Rose K. Rogers, identified by card in
purse.
H. P. Moore. -: r ;
C. L. r Cooper.
May Curran.
"Martin," a boy of 15 years.
H. W. Williams.
B. Regenberg. ..
Ella Linden.
¦ 1 i cn 111 n tx f a. uoy,
Walter B. Eisler, identified by watch.
Muir, first- name not learned;
member Traveling Passenger Agents'
Association; carried check No. 12,231.
Mrs. Emma Brinckley, identified by
her father at the Morgue.
Mrs. C. E. Erickson and son and
daughter, Aurora, 111.; were in balcony.
John Fltzgibbon.
¦ William Gunsaulus, nephew of Dr.
W. W. Gunsaulua.
Edna May Swift, daughter of L. A.
Swift. .
. Mrs. Arthur Bergh and son.
Mrs. M. Stark, Des Moines, Iowa.
Mrs. O. J. TuthlH, Des Moines.
Mrs. M. Fredericks.
Emma Olson, accompanying above.
Mrs. Charles Page.
. Mrs: Spechte. \ .
- Mrs. t Mary Ray. ,
. Lena and Anna Moak, Watertown,
Wis.
Irma Werkoff.
Edna-M. Farney.
W. T. Boyce, wife and daughter.
A. F. Gartz. -
G. : W. Breckner, - supposed to have
Following is a -list of the missing.
Where no address is given the'resi
dence is Chicago: « '
P'rank Dooley, son of Magistrate
Dooley.
Joseph Kingsley and his mother. ".;'**i
Mrs. Lulu Greenwald and son.
Henry Boehl. ,
! Richard and, Allen Hoist.
j Harold 7 Martin, Pullman, 111. , . ;
John Holland.'. .. .
I Lulu S^habbard.^ * •
W.N. -Sprang. 1 *' . • '» '
; Charles H. Koll.
'Mrs. Dawson, address unknown.
< William Butl/ *
I Robert Martin, young son of Princi
pal Martin of Pullman School.
I John Van Ingen, Kenosha, "Wis.
I Walter Bessinger, died at. hospital.
I Margaret Buerman, died at hospital.
; Mrs. Leo Wolff, Hammond,- Ind.,
died at hospital.
. . Alice. Kausman, died at hospital.
Helen HowarcJ, died at hospital.
; Helen Cooper, died at hospital.
¦ B. E. Gould, died at hospital.
Walter B. Zeisler, son of Dr. Zeisler
of the University of Chicago, .who is
now in Europe.
[Mortimer Eldbridge.
Helen Beyersloth, Evanston, 111.
Rev. Henry L. Richardson. x . ;
Louis Kisner and wife, said to have
belonged to "Mr. Bluebeard" com
pany.
. Lester Doty, son of L. B. Doty of Il
linois Steel Company.
Mrs. A. N. Mendel, wife of retired
banker.
Walter D. Austrian, aged 14, son of
Joseph D. Austrian, president of the
Lake Michigan Transportation Com-;
•pany. / _ - ..•-'-- -
Fred Sawyer.
. ¦ J; Graham (identified by under
clothing). •
William McGary (body at morgue).
Leander Deffendorf,. Lincoln 111.
Died nt hospital.
Paul Windes, body at morgue.
Mrs. Morton Fox, Winnetka, 111.,
body at morgue.
Annie Moak, body at morgue.
Walter P. Packer, body at morgue.
•Tames McClelland.
Pauline Geary, body at morgue.
Unidentified man, with', watch en
graved *'E. D. M.," body at morgue.
. Sidney Fox, body at morgue.
Mrs. C. D. Bartlett, Bartlett, 111.,
body at morgue.
Mrs. John Adeneck, Bartlett, 111., sis
ter of above; body at Morgue.
Gertrude Falkenstein, Bartlett, 111.,
niece of Mrs. Bartlett; body at Morgue.
Mrs. W. T. Boise, body at Morgue.
' Mrs. William' 1 Dawson, Barrington,
III. ; body at Morgue.'
William 'Buertel, body at Morgue.
Mary T. Gartz, body at Morgue.
Louise Buschwah, died at hospital.
Leigh Holland, body at Morgue.
Warner S. Edill, Kankakee, 111.
Herman' Eisenstadt.
Unidentified girl, at Morgue, wore
medal inscribed "Georgia."
Carrie Sayor, body at Morgue.
Harry Hudson, member of' '"the Bil
lionaire" company; body at Morgue.
B. E. Gould, Elgin, 111., clerk of Cir
cuit Court of, Kane County; died at
hospital. His wife was injured.
Mrs. W. A. Spring, body at Morgue;
identified. by. letter from husband.
Fred W. Leatin, body at Morgue.
Beane Boise, body at morgue.
- Mrs. J. H. Stringier, Lowell, Ind.,
body at morgue.
• C. M. Bickford, body at_ morgue.
Unidentified woman, wearing ring
marked "E. K., October 20, 1874,"
body at i morgue.
C. R. Barheim, body at morgue.
Esther Barker, body at morgue. ¦
Edward L. Van Ingen, Kenosha,
Wist
.Elizabeth Hart and Mattie Martin,
Evanston, 111., reported dead by Evan
ston police, but whereabouts of bodies
not given.
LIST OF THE MISSING.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 31, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
9 Thursday, 31 December, 1DC3. ° \
\
Birdseye
maple dresser
~ Something about birds-
eye maple that commends
its use in a woman's private
apartments. A refined rich-
ness to the wood which is
ever pleasing. The dresser
shown here is in birdseye
maple and is a splendid ex-
ample of high-grade cabinet
work. Price $40.00.
Among the vast assort-
ment of carpet patterns we
are showing you will
find many exclusive designs
which are no£ shown else-
where in San Francisco.
Xew Wiltons in beautiful
Persian, moire and two-tone
effects have just arrived and
are now ready for your in-
261 to 281 Geary Street
At Union SquareLate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
" Wednesday, December 30. ' I
Scbr Orient, Sanders, 12 days from Colum
' tu River.
NAPA, Dec. 30. — Robert Preston, aited 10
years, Is BUflerinK from a bullet wound in tne
foot caused by tbe accidental discharge of his
rifle. Th« bullet passed through bis foot, In
flicting a serious wound.
¦ ? » fv;>. ':.--.
California calendars and diaries. Good
for New Year's. Sanboro, Vail & Co. *
CAMFORXIAXS IN NEW .YORK
NEW YORK, Dec. 30. — The follow
ing Californians are here: From S«n
Francisco — D. St. Stevenson, at . tlfie
Park Avenue; G. W. Gdtes, at the Con^
tinental. From Santa Monica — E. I
Kewkirk/at the Holland. ' J
Enthusiastic love of sport brought
Edward Barnes and U. C. Stanton, teel
phone linemen, into Judge Mogan's.
court yesterday. They wanted to see
the Corbett and Hanlon go, but in
spite of the chilly weather were unable
to cough up the toll. Early Tuesday
they got .into the Mechanics' Pavilion
with a day's rations under the pretext
of* a little wire pulling and twisting.-
They climbed way up among the raft
ers and roosted, like little birdies. But
Just before' the- rights the cautious Mor
ris Levy r spotted;, the i nestlings; -and
called them down literally and flgura
¦ * % ' ';*¦•" .
OAKLAND. Dec. 30. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were Issued by
•the^County Clerk to-day: Harold
W. Coffers, 23, and Fanny D. Greene,
;19, both of Oakland; John O. F.
'smith, over 21. San Jose, and Grace
I A. Marsden. over 18. Alameda; Per
.ees H. Bromwell. over 21, Oakfand,
and Mary I. Kindlen. Alameda? Max
Winter, over 21. and Emma Egger,
over IS, both of Oakland;- Bernard
L. Hallmever, over 21, and MIckoela
Hallmeyer, over 21. both of San
Francisco; Carl Hager, over 21,
and Margaret Paeery, over 18, v both
of Oakland; George F. Madison,
over 21, Stockton, and Lillian A.
Frey, over 18. Oakland; Bert H.
Jones, 24. and Henrietta Ghristian
j son, 20, both of Oakland.. . .>>..*"
Marriage Licenses.
Solomon Kempe appeared yesterday
on a perjury charge before Judge Fritz.
Kempe went to Alaska during the
Klondike rush on money furnished him
by ten or twelve people in this city.
They clajm, that Kempe found gold in
various claims and located them in his
own name. The prosecution wishes to
evoke the law of equal dividends be
tween finder and a staker. The case is
pending in the civil court, and as but
tress defense Kempe has been haled
ipto the Police courts. Judge Fritz has
set the case over until January 6, hop
ing that some settlement between the
Interested parties may be made.
Watch and Clothing Stolen.
S. M. Morris, who resides at 138
Powell street, reported to the poIicO
station last night that his' room -had
been entered during the day and his
gold watch and articles cf wearing ttp
parel to the value of $100 stolen;
There is no clew to the thi»r.
A good many spirit manifestations
come after a visit to the bar.
But intense suffering from his ail
ments forced Pujol to lay off so fre
quently'that he lost heart. Pujol was
38 years old. . " ' ' . .' :
Desperate from long suffering, his ill
health bearing so strongly upon him
that he feared he could not care for
his family, Jerome Pujol, a conductor
on the North Berkeley branch of the
Oakland Transit Company, ended his
life this morning at the family resi
dence, 4152 Telegraph avenue. Pujol
took a fatal dose of morphine.
After takins the poison Pujol told
his wife what he had done. Dr. Mous
er was called, but he could not save
the despondent patient. Coroner Mehr
mann |ook charge of the body. .
Pujol, with his wife and daughter, 14
years old, came to Oakland three yeara
ago from Knights Landing. He was
employed for a while, at the Southern
Pacific Company's freight warehouses.
But a serious stomach trouble, requir
ing an operation, compelled him' to seek
lighter employment, after he had pass*
ed out of the surgeon's hands, and he
went to work for. the street railroad
company. . . y:'. ¦:¦ .• • -. . ". .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 30.
_ REDDING. Dee. 30.— Harvey Leigh
ton, who lives three miles west of Red
ding, believes he located a lot of buried I
treasure in this city and that it was [
dug up bv other persons after he had I
found it. He now unsuccessfully seeks j
their arrest. Recently several men 1
came here from Willits. Mendocino
County, to dig for between $70,000 and
$100,000 located by a divining rod on the
premises of a local stable, but they
failed to find the treasure. Since then
i many people. with. magic wands of dif
ferent varieties have used the rods
about the stable grounds. Leighton
claimed yesterday that he had located
; the buried wealth about twelve feet |
from where the men from Willits had i
sunk a shaft in search of it. Before dis- I
closing his secret he got the promise of \
the stablemen that he would be allowed
to dig for the wealth and would receive
half of whatever was dug out.
Leighton went out home las\ evening,
and when he returned to Redding this
morning to dig up the coin he found a
hole six feet deep at the spot he
located. The stablemen acknowledge
digging the hole, but say. they found
nothing. Leighton believes they got
something, as he considers hla atick In
fallible.
Resident of Shasta County Believes
That He Located {lie Wealth
and That Others Got It.
VAIN SEARCH FOR BURIED
.TREASURE CAUSES TROUBLE
Dewitt Clary, an attorney of Stock
ton, registered at the Lick yesterday.
Fred W. Kiesel. a merchant of
Sacramento, is a guest at the Palace.
- W. "V^vter. a banker of Medford,
and wife, arrived at the Palace yes
terday.
Dr. George M. Bradford, surgeon
of the steamship Ma riposa, is regis
tered at the Occidental.
j. Barnett, a member of the bank-
Ing firm of Mc£ornick & Co. of Salt
Lake, is registered at the Palace.
.George E. Catts, Mayor of Stock
ton, is at the Lick.
.; I. N. Peyton, a lumberman of Spo
kane, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. W. S. Taylor of Liver
more are at the Palace.
Rev. Caleb Benham of Napa is
staying at the Occidental.
W. C. Whiucmore of Washington,
.D.C is at the Occidental.
Fred Cox. a banker of Sacramento,
and daughter, are at the Grand.
George W. Griffith, a mining man
of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Emile iJevy, head of a pearl fishery
firm of Tahiti, is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL.
Warrant Out for Scully's Arrest.
Chris Schmid. one of the proprietors
pf the Hotel Netherland. 18 Turk
street," secured a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest of J. T. Scully on a charge of for
gery- Scully is -accused of having
passed a forged check, purporting to
be signed by the Great Western Im
provement Company, on the proprie
tors of the hotel.
Marquis of Sligo Dies.
DUBLIN, Dec. 30. — The_ Marquis of
Sligo died to-day at Westport House.
Westport, County Mayo. He was born
in 1824.
PAIN DRIVES
MAN TO DEATH
Carnegie Company Cuts Wages
YOUXG.STOWN. Ohio, Dec. 30. —
The wages of the 1788 employes at
the Ohio plant of the Carnegie Steel
Company will be reduced 13 to 26
per cent on January 1, the heaviest
cut falling: on th<» torrnaire men.
CHICAGO. Dec. 30. — The Station
ary Engineers' Cnion has presented a
demand for an increase of wages to
the managers of 125 of the big office
buildings. They are receiving 28 cents
an hour and demand 37»4. The men
threaten to strike. A demand for a
; Fimilar increase is to be made on the
hotel proprietors.
Knginwrs Want 3ion* Wajres.
Charles Neuman appeared in Judge
Conlun's court yesterday wrapped in a
quilt with both eyes blacked and limp
ing heavily. He was arrested on the
charge of battery. He is the man who
assaulted the Kingdom of I3rea . Brit
ain, Ireland and Wales by taking a
smash at his Majesty, King Edward,
through the medium of his local consul.
Forthwith he went' out and triec*. to
beat up a fellow boarding-house keeper
who offers shelter to &allormen. Tues
day night Neuman went on the war
path again and invade V the peaceable
resort of "Billy" Murray on whom he
had paid an unclublike visit. "Bill"
was waiting his arrival with a bung
starter. After the whole thing was
over the peaceful Bill htd Neuman ar
rested for battery.
Judge Conlan called the case and the
defendant stepped on the' stand. The
Judge asked him "What is your case?"
He answered, "I have rib case, I am the
defendant." The Judge was nonplused
for a moment and then awarded his de
cision. "You are discharged," he said,
"you have had trouble enough," and
Neuman left for the hospital for re
pairs. ,<
| Mrs. Ellen Escalle. wife of Jean Es
calle. died Tuesday at her home in
Escalle. near San Rafael. Mrs. Es
calle had lived for years at the place
which bore the name of her husband.
Escalle keeps a resort and winery on
the county road between Sausalito and
San Rafael. The dead woman was 63
years of age and a native of Chappa
more. County Limerick, Ireland. The
funeral will be held from the de
ceased's late residence. The funeral
patty will proceed to St. Raphael's
Church in San Rafael, where a sol
emn requiem high mass will" be cele
brated for the repose of her soul, com
mencing at 11 o'clock. The remains
will be interred at Mount Olivet Cem
etery.
Mrs. Ellen Escalle Dead.
Attorney Archibald. Campbell has
turned his shield. Nearly all of his
legal career has been spent on the de
fense. Now he is trying to secure the
conviction of Peter John for the al
leged embezzlement of $100 from Cin
tore Tesocala, who conducts ; .he restau
rant at 325 Post street. Tesocala wished
to give a Christmas remembrance to
his mother and framed it in the shape
of a draft for $100. He intrusted the
money to Peter John and the latter
took ltVto the bank and got the neces
sary paper of credit. .Tesocala says
that thereafter Peter John misused the
money. The case was hardly heard
yesterday before Judge Fritz because
the prosecution needed the banker to
testify to certain facts regarding the
transaction. It will come up on Sat
urday. All the parties concerned are
Greeks, except the attorney. ;. r i- •¦
Boone de Witt, a well-known young
man of this city, met with a shocking
death on Tuesday at Floriston, Cal.
He was attending to his duties in the
Floriston Pulp and Paper Company
when, by the explosion of a faulty
steam pipe, he was fatally scalded.
He "survived for twenty-four hours
after the accident took place.
The deceased was highly esteemed
by all who knew him, and his untime
ly death is deplored by a very large
circle of friends and acquaintances.
The remains were brought home to
the residence of the parents of the
deceased, 1523 Point Lobos avenue,
where the funeral services will be
A father, mother, two brothers and
four sisters survive.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Dec. 30.
Captain Newton H. Chlttenden, the
explorer and lecturer, has proved the
theory that he has held for some time
that this neighborhood was formerly
the home c-f giants by finding the bones
of one of the species. Captain Chitten
den refuses to reveal the burial ground
of this prehistoric man. but admits't^hat
it is somewhere In one of the old Indian
mounds of West Berkeley.
The bones found by Captain Chitten
den make almost a-complete skeleton,
the missine parts being a number of
the vertebrae. The thigh bones are
large and, measured by present day
standards, indicate that the owner of
them must have been a man at least
eight feet high. Half the skull Is gone,
but the half that remains shows that
the head must have contained about
twice as many brains as that of the
modern man. This skull is like one
found several years ago in West Berke
ley when excavations were being made
for the foundation of a building.
"I have no doubt," said Captain Chit
tenden, "that ages ago giants roamed
around this country. This man was
no monstrosity, such as we occasion
ally have nowadays, but a perfectly
formed "man and possessed of greatin
tellectual powers. I intend to continue
my investigations in the hope of find
ing more cf the bones of our ancestors."
Captain Chittenden will present the
skeleton to the Berkeley High School.
- ¦ -: 7-* ,
PROMINENT, YOUNG MAX
MEETS SUDDEN DEATH
Captain Xewlo^ H. Chitten
den Makes Discovery of Skel
eton of a Prehistoric Man
The trouble between Fagan and Carl
son began a week ago. when Fagan de
cided to discharge Carlson, who is a
union man, and do his own work. There
is a rule of the electricians' union that
prevents an employer from working
himself or joining the union, and so
Fagan in order to work himself had to
discharge his union man.
Since his discharge Carlson has been
following Fagan from house to house
and attempting to persuade contractors
not to give him work. He also made
threats against Fagan in the presence
of his friends, saying he would kill Fa
gan and then swallow a dose of poison,
which he exhibited.
This morning Carlson accosted Fagan
in his office and demanded that he say
nothing more "against the Swedes."
Then he pulled a pistol and pointed it
at Fagan's head, threatening at the
same time to shoot. Phelps. who was a
spectator of this sensational episode,
bravely jumped in between the inen
just as Carlson was about to fire. He
seemed to have some influence over the
man and finally persuaded him to go.
After getting him out on the street
Phelps turned him over to an officer.
"Carlson has no grievan.ee against
me," said Fagan afterward. "I owe him
nothing and he demanded nothing. All
he asked me to do was to quit talking
about the Swedes. It was pure cussed
ness on his part. He thought I could
not get along without him, and when
he saw I did he tried to even up mat
ters by attempting my life. Anyway,
the pistol looked as big as a cannon,
and I thought my time had come,"
To the arresting officer Carlson ad
mitted dogging Fagan's footsteps and
attempting to shoot him, but said It
was only done to frighten him. Carl
son is a Swede and has only been in
America two years.
BERKELEY, Dec. 30.— That he is not
now lying a corpse at the Morgue is a
source of considerable satisfaction to
F. D. Fagan, an employing electrician,
with an office at 2139 Center Street. And
it is not altogether the fault of John
Carlson^ his former employe, that Fa
gan is not a subject for a Coroner's
inquest, because he fully intended to
kill him with a big six-shooter he
shoved into his face this morning. All
that saved Fagan was the adroit inter
ference and pacifying wqrds of Ralph
Phelps. an electrical engineer, who
jumped between the men at the critical
moment. Carlson is now a prisoner at
the County Jail, charged with assault
with intent to commit murder. His bail
is fixed at $2500 cash.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. CO.-M. H.
Flint, who has been selected as post
rriaster of I»a Angeles to succeeJ
Lewis Groff, whose term expires next
month, is not a San Francisco postof
fice official, as is announced In a Wash
ington dispatch, but is v.ell known
throughout Southern California as a
Republican politician. For many year9
Flint has been in the postal service,
first as a carrier, then as superintend
ent of carriers, next as a postoffice in
spector and lastly as superintendent of
the allowance and inspection bureau of
the Postofflce Department for the dis
trict embracing Idaho. Washington.
Oregon, California, Nevada and Ari
zona. He is a brother of Frank P.
Flint, until a year ago United States
District Attorney, and now. the. legal
representative in Los Angeles of the
Southern Pacific Railroad.
The ne^- postmaster took an active
interest in Congressman McLachlan's
candidacy, and It was largely through
his efforts that Los Angeles County |
was made a separate Congressional dis
trjet. when an effort was made to tack
on Ventura and other counties to this
district. Flint has spent many years
in the postofflce service and is equipped
for the duties of postmaster. In the
selection of a successor to Postmaster
Groff Senator Bard, who secured
Groff' s appointment four years, ago,
did not take a hand, but left it to Con-:
gresman McLachlan. .There » was no
opposition to the appointment:. in fact r
there was no other applicant, .it" hav- "
ing been a foregone, conclusion, who was .
to succeed Groff.
Flint will surrender an office which
pays him. $2500 and traveling expenses
for one which pays $4000, and with the
enormous increase in business here
will pay $5000 a year before his term of
office expires.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— M. it
Flint, assistant superintendent of the
postal division at San Francisco, it is
understood, has been selected for post
master of Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Calt-
FINDS GIANT'S
BONES IN MOUND
AVcll-Known Politician of the
Southland Is Selected . for
Postmaster of Los Angeles
NAPA, Dec. 30. — Eliza Coleman
Taylor, widow of James Taylor, died
at the home of her daughter in
Coombsville last night after an ijlness
of several months. Mrs. Taylor was 83
years old. Her grandfather, George
Bryan, went to Kentucky with Daniel
Boone and established Bryans Station.
Mrs. Taylor was related by marriage
to Henry Clay and knew both Lincoln
and Douglas intimately. The funeral
will take place Thursday morning
from the home of her daughter. The
body will be shipped to Springfield,
111., for interment. .-
VICTIM OF ASSAUI|T OF WOULD
BE MURDERER, ? AND YOUNG
MAN THAT SAv|:D HI§ LIFE.
FLINT SECURES
COVETED PLACE
DEATH SUMMONS
THE WIDOW OF
JAMES TAYLOR
Miss Miller offered a defense. She
said she was engaged as a housekeeper
for a landlady, on O'Farrell street. Per
sonally she looked like a half-breed
Chinese, but in replies to the ques
tions of Judge Fritz she said she was
born in Ireland. Bailiff Conlan was
called as an expert. He. has probed the
heart of--Chlnatown until it bled In
great big blotches. After he had eyed
the woman he concluded ' she was a
Caucasian. . !
/The complaint missed the statutory
provisions in vagrancy cases by. one
day and Judge Fritz was compelled to
dismiss her.
Effie Miller was an interesting char
acter in Judge Fritz's court yesterday.
She was found by Policeman George
Douglass inhabiting a room at 1025%
Dupont street. Effie wore a kimona
and slippers made of straw. The place,
which has a historic past, is now ten
anted exclusively by Chinese. Miss
Miller was handsomely gowned in black
silk when she appeared in court and a
picture hat crowned her head. She told
Judge Fritz that her purpose in visits
ing the house was to secure the medi
cal attendance of a Chinese doctor. The
policeman thought her intentions were
otherwise. .*'-. ~' : -.
Mrs. Hot kin's Second Trial.
Word was received from Wilming
ton, Del., yesterday that Attorney Gen
eral Ward had received a letter from
District Attorney Byington asking him
to have the Delaware witnesses in the
case of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, accused
of the murder of Mrs. Elizabeth Dun
ning of Dover, Del., by sending her
poisoned candy through the malls,
ready for the second trial on Feb
ruary 15.
James A. Many, a packer, recently
in the employ of Nathan, Dohrman &
Co., fell dead yesterday afternoon
while walking along Minna street, be
tween Fourth and Fifth. About ten
days ago his head was injured by an
accidental fall and his injuries were
treated at the Central Emergency-
Hospital. Since that time he had been
subject to dizzy spells. He was 53
years old and resided at 837A Mission
street.
Falls Dead In the Street.
"At the special meeting of Cloak Mak
ers' Union No. 8, I. L. G. W.«U., the '
following resolution was adopted:
* "Resolved, ; That i we, Cloak Makers'
Union No." 8 of the I. L. G." W. U., pledge
ourselves to remain loyal to our organi
zation and remain locked out,' as *" we
are at present, until such time as the
'bosses may see, fit to allow us to resume
j our occupation without* suffering the
humiliation of being compelled to work
I with* undesirable characters, who are
j neither residents of this city nor citi
zens of this country, but are men who
go' wherever wage-workers are on
'strike for better conditions and try to
j literally; assist unscrupulous employers
; to '! starve those - who are 4 on strike or
-'may be locked.outinto subjection." " "
Sa^sfc ¦ ' ¦ :-¦>¦ : ¦ .'¦ ¦ •• ¦;••: '¦'¦¦
The present officers of the State Fed
eration are: President, John Davidson
of Vallejo; vice president, Harry- Knox
of San Francisco; second vice presi
dent, H. Warnecke of San Francisco;
third vice president, Z. W. Craig of San
Pedro; fourth vice president, J. Con
nolly ; of San Diego; fifth vice president.
Thornas Lonergan of San Frapclsco; j
secretary-treasurer, George K. Smith of;
Oakland; organizer. F. C. Wheeler of,
Los Angeles. I
At the Fresno convention the San 1
Francisco Labor Council will be repre
sented by two delegates, Geof R.e B.
Benham, the president of the council,
and A. C. Rose.
, NEW OFFICERS INSTALLED.
With the close of the present week
the. majority of the labor unions in San
FranclBCO will have elected and in
stalled their officers for the ensuing
siX'months' term. In addition to thos?
already announced the following are
added to the list:
•Electrical Workers' Union Xo. 151: Presi
dent. F. P. Noonan: vice rrssldent. M. L..
•West: recording; secretary'. J. P. Connehan:
financial secretary, J. C. Kelly: treamirer. J.
I Rice: foreman. C. C. Holm€S; Inspector*.
C W. Peck and W. Thomas; trustee, David
Keefe; executive board— G. Cooney, E. Spronge
and G. Taft; business agent. J. S. McDonald.
Cooks' Helpers' Union No. 110: President.
J C Diamond: vice president. Kred Wheeler;
financial secretary and treasurer, Henry Hu
ber: recording secretary, Charles E. Murray;
Inside sentinel. Joe Lux; conductor. George
Kelly: business agent. Fred Spencer; execu
tive board— J. Boardman, Thomas Bancroft,
,-A. Daly. Gfiorge Kelly, Harry Ls«h and
Charles E. Murray: delegates to Labor Coun
cil—George EnoB, Harry Lash. Charles E.
Murray and Fred Spencer; trustees— Al Blake
ly, J. Boardman and Frank Glace; delegates
to the local Joint executive board — A. Daly,
J. C. Diamond and Joe Harris.
Stablemen's Union No. 8760— President, T.
F Finn; vice president. E. Maza; recording
secretary T J. White; financial secretary,
John Kililan'; business agent. C. A. Reynold*;
scrgeant-at-arms, J. P. Swanson: marshal,
John Hunter; executive board — William Ben
' nett John Bohan. P. Boruttan. P. ' Callahan,
I M J. Donlan." John Hunter and J.. P; Swan
¦ son- delegates to Labor Council — William Ben
netc Charles Dean, Thomas F. Finn. E.
Maza, C T - Monroe and T. J. White.
Journeymen Barbers' Union No. US — Presi
dent P. C! Hamann; vice president. W. P.
Hutson; corresponding and financial secre
tary J R Blelly; recording secretary, S. Wal
lace 1 treaturer C. Koch; guide. L. Regan;
guardian, Charles Bennett; trustees— \V. P.
Hutson N Stein and E. Wallace: delegates
to Labor Council— George Barnaby. George
Barnett Charles Bennett. George Borges. P.
C Hamann. George Hlrschniger. C. Koch,
and C. Rletzke; financial committee— W. B.
Currier. I. Widasky and C. Woodward; busi
ness agent. A. Gorfinkel. .
' Oakland Typegraphlcal union — President,
Christopher Powning; vice president. Charles
Nesblt:- secretary, C.E. Backess; treasurer,
M M. Mclnnls; sergeant-at-arms. John Dono
van. Executive committee— O. W. - Williams,
Charles Nesblt, A. G. Guth. C. E. Backess, P.
J. • Ryan, Edward Klinthworth, Eugene Baker
and Richard Pulls. Delegates '¦ to the Allied
Printing Trades Council (three to be elected)— ~
Charles R. Mulgrew. Charles Burnham, H. A.
Kletzker and Charles Williams. Delegates to
Labor Council — P. B. Preble and W. H. Irv
ing; auditors — J. W. Ross, C. D. Rogers and
Henrv Feldmann: "
. Milk Wagon Drivers' Union — President, A.
J. Kunze; vice president, William Warner: sec
retary. E. A. Hentzell; treasurer, W. P. Loze;
trustees — W. Brantner of Berkeley, J. Cum
mtngs and H. Hentzell of Oakland.
Cooks' and Walters' Union — President,
Frank Overton: first vice president. Martin
Gregovlch; »?econd vice Dresident, Paul Rock
man; secretary and business aeent, Ed War
nock;, treasurer, John Grelich: inspector, Ben
Bales; inside guard, Georse Bosuck: Janitor,
Sam Tanovlch;- .executive board, A. F. Medo
and . George - Waller: trustees^ — John Cllmovlch,
George Ui.suck and J, Paccassl; delegates to
Labor Council— A. F. Medo. M. L. Oberlles,
Ed Wernock and M. Marcovlch.
Butchers' Union— President, H. Behrman:
vice president. M. Bcanlan; secretary- treas
urer, G. Schelthe; business agent and corre
sponding secretary. T. McGovern; guard,
'•Pop" Vincent; sergeant at arms. George Fett;
guide, J. Thacker: trusteea — C. Vosel, J. R»
Richardson and W. Blethen; delegates to the
Packing Trades y- Council — T. McGovtrn. C.
Schelthe and J. Richardson; delegates to Fed
erated - Trades Council — H. Behrman, T. Mc
?Govern and C. Schelthe.
Labor leaders all over the State are
taking great interest in the meeting of
the State Federation convention, which
will meet in Fresno next Mon
day. Mayor E. E. Schmitz will
be one of the prominent dele
gates from . this city. He goes
as a delegate representing the Musi
clans' Union. Delegates from sixty San
Francisco unions will answer rollcall
on this occasion. There is likely to be
a political complexion placed on the
body by the friends of Mayor Schmitz,
who are anxious to have him recog
nized as a possible candidate for Gov
ernor of California.
CONVENTION AT FRESNO-
There is a grievance existing be
tween the and their em
ployers, which will be ventilated at
the next meeting of the Stablemen's
Union. The Livery and Carriage Own
ers' Association has taken the lni'tia
; tive in bringing about certain rules
! which the Hackmen's Union does not
quite take to- .
One of these rules which conflicts
with the union agreement is that one
man should remain from T to 8 o'clock
to help, the night watch unhitch
teams which come in during/ that
time. The association also insists that
I the help should aid in the loadin'gof
manure wagons and the unloading' of
grain. .These are the main. points in
dispute, as pointed out by the asso
ciation. There is no question as to
wages. ' ! . _ ._ " .
It is hinted that unless the, stable
men conform to these conditions there
will be a general lockout of all union
men in the near future. One more
condition is asked for by the associa
tion and this is that it be permitted
to employ such men as it sees fit, with
the privilege of such men joining the
union if so inclined. This last clause
is' vigorously objected to by the union
stablemen. . . .
men's Union and the Longshoremen's
Union, which has been in progress for
several months, has been taken up by ;
the Alamcda County Building Trades
Council, and that body has taken ac
• tion to compel the six men employed by
the Pugret Sound Lumber Company,
¦who are members of the Longshore
men's Union but are doing" tallymen's
work, to Join the Tallymen's Union,
and to this end the Puget Sound Lum
ber Company has been declared "un
fair" by the Building Trades Council
in the following notice sent to all con
tractors in this county:
TVat Sir: ©wins to the failure of the Tuget
Sound Lumbor Company to comply with th«>
remand of th« Bu'.ldlnp Trades Council to em
ploy none but union tallyman, you are notified
thai, beginning on the first day of January.
. 1904 no lumber from the Pugot Bound Lum
»wr 'Company's yards will be handled by any
member of any union connected with the
Buildtrnc Trades Council, nor will any mem
ber cf & union work on any bulldinc in the
construction of which any lumber from the
aforementioned firm la used.
On!y such lumber bills a? have been con
tracted for prior to the date of this notice will
be exempt under thia notice.
You are therefore requested to send a state
ment of any such contracts which are now In
between youirelf and the paid Puget
Sound Lumber Company to the undersigned.
PARTICULARS DEMANDED.
£uch Ftatement or list of contract?, -vhieh
muet be «ent in r.o later than December 31.
19'J3. mu.^t fpeclfy each job on which the
lumber ie to be used, and will be the only
evidonce which can be considered by the Build
in* Trades Council that any contract will be
exempt under this rule.
Truytinp you will appreciate the urgency of
en immediate reply I rtmain yours truly,
P. H. PIIATT.
Secretary B. T. C.. of Alameda County.
By this action the Building Trades
Council will tie up the use < lumber
from the Puget Sound yards until the
rr.cn who are now doing the tallymen's
work there become members of the
Tallymen's Union. The council does
not cla'm that these men are not union j
men. but that they are not members of
the Tallymen's Union. J. B. Bowen, the
V>usine5s agent of the Building Trades
Council, said to-night>
'•The Council does not want the Puget
Sound Lumber Company to discharge
i hope tallymen, but simply to require
them to join the Tallymen's Union.
This the company has refused to do, so
the council has sent out nonces to the
contractors stating that it will not
sanction the use of lumber from the
Pug-el Sound Company's yards until all
the tallymen employed there are mem
bers of the Tallymen's Union."
If it comes to a fight the council is
prepared to carry it to a finish. George A
XV. Fisher. lh& manager of the Puget
t^'-und Lumber Company, made the fol
llowlrur statement: . -¦•-..:. ¦
I IGN'OItAXCK OF DEFENSE.
; I "So far as I know, all the men em
r/oyed at our yard are union men, al
tbiough they are members of an inter-:
Oittional organization, and are not affili-]
P^ted crltta the Alameda County Bu'Vling
Tirades Council. I understand that
there has been a dispute between these
•two unions, but I thought it had been
/'settled some time ago. I htve not been
/ notified that the Building Trades Coun
f cil had declared the Pugret Sound Lum- !
ber Company unfair, and the first that \
I knew of the affair was when I saw a
circular, which had been sent to a con
tractor, notifying him that after the
first of January union men would not
be allowed to handle our lumber. I
think there has been a blunder some- !
xvhere and I believe the matter will be'
amicably arranged, as every man in our
employ is a union man, and there is' no
occasion for the action taken by the
E\jildins Trades Council. Of course I
can make no definite statement until I
have seen the representatives of the
council."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Dec. SO.
The fight between the local Tally-
Frank Stevens, a young man, who
says he came 'from Nevada two days
ago, walked into the fur store of Pa-"
panek & Furey. 207 Post street, yes
terday afternoon, and, lifting a fur
boa, valued at $12. placed it under
his coat and walked out. H. A. Pa
panek followed him to Union Square
avenue, where Stevens showed fight.
Papanek grabbed hold \of him and
held him till Sergeant Williams and
P.ollceman J.'/ B. O'Connor appeared.
Stevens was taken to the City Prison,
where a charge of petty larceny waa
booked against him. He was under
the influence of liquor.
Steals a Fur Boo.
.Manager. Fisher Says His Com
pany Understands Men Are
Members of National Body
Mayor Schmitz to Attend as
Delegate to State Federa
tion Gathering Next Monday
PLACEUVILLE. Dec. 30.-To-day
was a red-letter day In the industrial
history of El Dorado County. A large
force of men was put to work this
morning grading for {he Diamond and
Caldor narrow gauge railroad. The new
road is being built by the California
Sash and Door Company and will run
from Diamond station, on the Southern
Pacific road two miles southwrst of
this city, thirty-three and a half miles
to Calder, where the company's mills
are located in the southeastern side of
the county in one of the greatest belts
of sugar pine timber on the continent.
The road will also open for development
a rich mining counfry.
To-night the American River Electric
Company turned on the current for the
first time, having Just completed wir
ing this city for a splendid electric Tight
and power system. Since June last
seven and one-half miles of flume and
ditch have been constructed and an im
'mense concrete power-house has
been built at the mouth of Rock Creek,
eix miles northeast of this city. Elec
trical machinery has been Installed that
will generate 9000 horsepower. The
plant consists of two 1500 K. W. West
inghouse generators, and a third is
soon to be installed. The company has
87% miles of pole line extending through
the mother lode counties of El Dorado.
Amador and Calaveras, thence to
Stockton and to Folsom, Sacramento
County. Power will be turned on the
entire system about January 5, 1004.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lighting System Is Installed
at Placerville and Current Is
Turned On for the First Time
1 j V
CONVENTION IN FRESNO
TECHNICAL P0LNT3 BISE
EL DORADO ENJOYS A B003I
Lane stood up in the face of this
proof and cheerfully denied that he
was the originator of this darkened rec
ord. He was held for. sentence and to
day will probably get one year in the
Lane is the meanest thief
in The world. He was before Judge
Mogan yesterday, on the .charge of
robbing two? little boys of 50 cents.
Their names-,, are Frank Sylves
ter and Frank Tattaro, both under 12
years of age, merchants in a small way.
They peddle gum. Lane speciously en
ticed the two boys to give him 50 cents
under the pretense of buying gum. 'Aft
er he had received the money he sprint
ed down Kearny street as far as Mer
chant, where he was promptly grabbed
by Deputy Coroner Frank Murphy.
In the Police Court Lane denied
everything. Judge Mogan has a good
memory. There was found, on Lane's
person a pocket bulging out with "yen
shee." The Judge asked him if he had
ever been arrested before, and the de
fendant said he had not. . Sergeant
Bainbridge was on hand and promptly
denied the allegation of a previous in
nocent life. He brought pictures and
testimony regarding Lane that left no
doubt in the mind of the court that
the netty thief had before offended.
According 1 to the police records, Lane
served time in Preston for burglary
when he was only 16 years old, and
soon after his discharge from the re
form school he was sent to Folsom peni
tentiary oh the conviction of robbery.
The body marks and other data fur
nished bv the . Bertilllon system cor r
responded exactly* with the personality
of -Lane. There was a heart with an
arrow tattooed on the left arm and a
star on the right hand. He had grown
half an Inch since his last Incarcera
tion. In addition there were two pho
tographs of him, establishing his crim
inal career.
tively. They descended into the arms
of a policeman. When the blrdie3
chirped their tale of woe. Judge Mogan
permitted them to flutter. "It was a
good fight." said the Judge, "and I
can't blame any one for having wanted
to see it." /
Livery and.; Carriage Owners'
Association Tails to Agree
.With Ideas of Stablemen
Alamcda Building Trades Coun
cil Demands That Tally
men Join Northern Union
Diamond and Calder Narrow-
Gauge Railroad Company
Breaks Ground for New Line
WILL BOYCOTT
SOUND LUMBER
GRADING WORK
NOW UNDER WAY
WORLD'S MEANEST THIEF
FOUND GUILTY BY MOGAN
Robber of Gum-Selling Youngsters Is Found Guilty ot
-Minor Offense and Turns Out a Bad Criminal — Charles
Neuman of Previous Reputation. Appears Before Conlan
THRUSTS REVOLVER INTO
FORMER EMPLOYER'S FACE
John Carlson Harbors Grudge Against F. D. Fagan, Employing
Electrician Who Had Discharged Him, and Is Prevented
From Committing Murder by R. Phelps, Who Interferes
LOCKOUT MAY
BE THE RESULT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1903.
6
Owing to the enormous
demand for the tape meas-
urer offered as a premium
to AVant Advertisers an'
lasti Sunday's Call, another
supply was ordered and
the offer will be renewed
next Sunday in order to
give every Want Adver-
tiser the opportunity to
secure one of these handy
articles.LOS ANGELES, Dec. 30.— The at
tempt to prove that a pooling agree
ment exists between the Southern Pa
cific and the Santa Fe in routing citrus
fruit shipments * East . from Southern
California has been transferred from
the court of United States Commission
er Cates, where the matter has been
in hearing for the past two days, to
the national capital. Counss! for ' the
Department of Justice in the issue and
representatives of the Santa Fe's law
department left for "Washington this
evening. On January 5 the two initial
lines Involved will, take additional tes
timony in Chicago and later the at
tendant issue to determine whether the
$1 25 postage stamp rate is reasonable
will be tried before the Interstate Com
merce Commission.
Interstate Commerce Commission to
. Hear Charges Made Against Two
Railroad Companies.
POOLING AGREEMENT CASE
GOES TO NATIONAL CAPITAL
' CORONA," Dec. 30.— Andrew Petersen,
an alfalfa rancher, who lived on Mag
nolia avenue, six miles from Ccrona, is
thought to have ' been murdered last
night, by, horsethieves, who then placed
his body in a barn, which they set on
fire in the hope of concealing their
crime. ,The fire was noticed by neigh
bors at 9:30 p. m., but they were unable
to .extinguish it. Petersen's charred
remains were found In the ruin.s about
midnight and it was then discovered
that his driving horse and buggy were
stolen. The body was Identified by
the filling in the teeth. The officers
are now searching, for the stolen horse
and buggy.' Petersen "was unmarried,
a native of .Denmark and 31". years of
age. He was a member of Circle Lodge,
I. O. O. F., Starlight Kebeifah Lodge
and the Fraternal Aid Association of
this city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Charred Remains of Victim
Are Found in -the Ruins'
After Blaze Is Extinguished
MUBDEREKS MAKE ESCAPE
Horse Thieves Kill Rancher,
Place His Body in a Barn
and Then Apply the Torch
START A FIRE
TO HIDE CRIME
PTBACTSE. VSC. Y.. Dec. .TO.— Former Con
r'--r«n'::n .temes R'lden is critical!}- ill at his
hom*» in thla city.
BALTIMORE. Md.. Dec. 30. — Car
dinal Gibbons, commenting to-day in
an interview on the recent letter of
Poj.e Plus X to Cardinal Kespighi, ex
pressing a desire for a reformation in
church music, in which he criticized
i ertain music as an abuse of religion,
expressed himself as follows:
"His Holiness has referred to the
extreme abuse through Italy and
France. In some of the churches of
thoso countries there is little Fugges
tion of reverence and the ceremonies
are given an operatic effect. It Is this
departure from the old customs that
his Holiness deplores and not neces
sarily tho use of modern music.
"In this country there has been lit
tle abuse and we do not expect the
Pope's letter to effect a change in the
church music of America,"
DISLIKES OPE1LA AIHS
IX CHURCH MUS'C
Cardinal Gibbons Explains Pope's Re
erni Expression Concerning I)e
parture From Old Custom*.
Our frame department is showing a
r.pw lino of framesf in gilt, oak and art
noovuo finishes. Good for New Y«ar"s.
Sar.born. Vail & Co. •
CHICAGO. Dec. SO.— The Iroqunis
w.s opened November 23, 1SG3. by Klaw
& Erlar.ger's company presenting the
spectacular extravaganza, "Mr. Blue
beard."
It was regarded as cne of the most
beautiful theaters in the country. In
fact, good critics claimed there was but
< ne house superior to it in matter of
beauty and comfort. The foyer was
large, enough of itself to inclose the
Bijou Theater. The seating capacity
was about 1950. and the theater itself
was a model. Every seat in the house
v.-as a pood one. There were no pillars
to obstruct the view and there were
no boxes that jut and shut off seats
in the circle on the side. The Iroquois
was bread, not long. There was never
a pense of aloofness, fon one felt near
the stage even if in the last row of the
balcony.
The seating: arrangement was admir
able, as the aisles were not narrow and
the space between the rows was ample.
Red and green were the prevailing col
ors; in the foyer Pompeiian red made
the scone bri'liant, and the red of the
auditorium was* grateful. Cream relief
made the jrlaro impossible and the ceil
lr.gr was artistic. The white panels on
the walls were beautifully dcrae. The
cost of the theater was $550,500.
• The proprietors were Messrs. F. J.
Davis and H. J. Powers of this city,
Klaw & Erlanger of New Tork and
Nixon & Zinirermann of Philadelphia.
Many Hundreds Have
Perished ¦ by- Flames
in the Past.
At a fire which occurred in the Rich
mond (Va.) Theater during the third
or fourth decade of the last century
some 160 people of that city and the
vicinity perished. .
Two thousand people perished at the
burning of the Jesuit church, Santiago,
Chile, December 8, 1863.
In a fire which broke out on Decem
ber 5, 1S76, during a presentation of
"The Two Orphans" at the Brooklyn
Theater, 293 lives were lost, many by
being trampled* to death. T
On December 8, 1881, one of the. most
disastrous conflagrations as to the loss
of life that ever occurred broke out in
the Ring Theater, Vienna, and 1000
p'eople lost their lives.'
A fire in the Opera Comique, Paris,
May 26, 1887, destroyed from 250 to 400
lives.
At the Charity Bazaar, Paris, May 5.
1897, more than 150 persons perished by
being trampled down and burned to
death, most of whom were titled ladies.
On March 17, 1899, the Windsor Hotel
in New York City was destroyed by fire
.and 45 persons perished.
BISHOP RISKS HIS LIFE
Continued From I*n«e 5, Column 1.
Ranked as One of the
Finest Playhouses
in America.
LIFE LOSS
BY FIRES
IS GREAT
One large truck ordinarily used for
conveying freight to depots was so
heavily loaded with dead in front of
the theater that the two large horses
attached to it were unable to start and
the police were compelled to assist by
tugging at the wheels.
When the need for trucks to remove
the dead was more pressing, a huge
electric delivery wagon, owned by
Montgomery, "Ward & Co., was hailed
by the police. The automobile headed
for the scene, but at State street en
countered so great a press of people
The merchants in the vicinity of the
theater arose to the emergency in
splendid fashion. Marshall Field &
Co., Mar.del Bros.. Schlesinger &
Mayer: Carson. Pirie, Scott & Co. and
other large dry-goods stores sent wag
onload after wagonload of blankets,
rolls of linen and packages of cotton
to be used in binding up wounds of the
injured and to cover the dead.
The drugstores gave of their stock
to anybody that asked for it in the
name of persons hurt in the fire.
Doctors and trained nurses were on
the ground by scores within a half hour
after the calamity was known, and
every injured person who was car
ried from the building received prompt
medical aid. A number of doctors
waited at the entrance to the theater
with stethoscopes in hand and as soon
as a body which looked as though it
might possess life was carried out it
was at once examined. If dead, it was
placed on the pile lying on the side
walk. The living were at once placed
in ambulances and whirled away to
hospitals or to the offices of physicians
in the immediate neighborhood.
FREIGHT TRUCKS IN USE.
It was found necessary in order to
convey the bodies rapidly to the
Morgue and to the various undertak
ing establishments to press .trucks into
service, and in these, upon costly
blankets supplied by the dry-goods
stores in the vicinity and covered by
th° sfme material, the dead -were
hauled away practically like so much
cord wood.
GIVE WITH FREE HAND.
So rapidly were the bodies brought
down that in an hour there were twa
streams of men in and out of the'door —
the one carrying bodies, the other com
posed of mt?a returning to get more.
The bedies were carried into the
Thompson restaurant, which adjoins
the theater on the east, where all the
available space was given by the pro
prietor. The dead and injured were
placed on chairs, tables and counters,
one woman even being placed, for lack
of a better spot, on top of a cigar case.
Because of the tremendous throng
which surrounded the block in .which
the theater building stood it was not
possible for the police to carry the dead
and injured any distance, and they
were? compelled to await for ambu
lances at the theater. Although \\\
the patrol wagons and every ambulance
owned by the city was pressed into ser
vice, they were utterly inadequate to
carry awav the dead, and in a short
time there was a line of corpses fifty
feet long, piled two and three high, on
the sidewalk in front of the theater.
LONG ROWS OF BODIES.
The two men tried vainly to get
through th<? door, which was jammed
with dead women, piled higher than
the h<?ads of either man.
All the lights in the theater were ex
tinguished and the only illumination
rame through the cloud of smoke that
hung between the interior of the thea
ter and the street.
The two men immediately hurried to
a floor below and informed Chief Mush
am of the fire department that bodies
were pJled high in the balcony and
prompt assistance must be rendered if
any e* them were to be saved. The
chief called upon all of his men in the
vicinity to abandon work on the fire
and come at once to the rescue.
The building: was so dark and the
smoke so thick that it was found Im
possible to accomplish anything until
lights had been procured. Word was
at once sent to the Orr & Lockett
Hardware Company, two doors east of
the theater, and that firm quickly
placed its entire stock of lanterns at
the service of the department. More
than 200 lights were carried into the*
building and the work of rescue com
menced. -
"Good God, man, don't walk on their
faces!"
DEAD TILED UPON DEAD.
IROQUOIS
THEATER
A MODEL
The policemen in charge of the line
of waiting persons, which extended
west in Madison street for. several
blocks, tried to explain the situation,
but the excited fathers and husbands
MANY BESIEGE MORGUE.
All night long stricken relatives and
friends of missing persons besieged the
,morgues where the dead had been car
ried awaiting identification. Hundreds
of men and women waited in long Iine3
for hours to finally demand admit
tance. For every person who was al
lowed to enter the death r.ooms a score
were ordered away.
After waiting for several hours in
front of Jordan & Co.'s undertaking
establishment in Madison street, the
crowd of mourners, consisting of
more than 1000 persons, became im
patient and it took the united efforts
of twenty policemen who were guard
ing the place to quiet the dissatisfac
tion. The aisles between the piles of
dead were already filled with persons
and it was impossible for those out
side to enter until those already in
side left to make room.
RELATIVES ARE FRANTIC.
"I had twelve children in two boxes
in there, and they are missing. .Are
they in there?
"My God, this is what kills a rran,"
said Davis, as he turned away, and the
next instant would have fallen to the
floor. He was assisted to a carriage
and driven home. Later it was ascer
tained that Sanborn's son, Harold. 19
years old, had taken the entire party
in safety from the theater.
"Will J. Davis, one of the proprietors
of the Iroquois, collapsed to-night un
der the worry and distress occasioned
by the catastrophe. After the fire he
and Powers made their headquarters
in the women's dressing rooms, where
they were besieged by people who
were frantically seeking information
of their relatives. The climax came
with Davis when • ho was approached
by George C. Sanborn, a prominent
busines man, who said:
DAVIS BREAKS DOWN.
Frederick W. Job, secretary of the
Chicago Employes' Association, tele
phoned to D. Moon, a livery stable pro
prietor at 2021 Wabash avenue, ask
ing that carriages be sent for the relief
of the sufferers. Moon replied he would
give his carriages for the work. He
later told Job that he notified the union
headquarters, where the drivers now on
strike are congregated, that he had. do
nated the carriages and asked if they
would drive to the Iroquois Theater to
help remove the wounded. Moon re
plied to Job that they flatly refused to
do so. <* ,
Two of the downtown theaters closed
their doors to patrons as a result of the
fire. These were the Illinois and Pow
ers Theaters, which were owned by the
proprietors of the Iroquois. All other
theaters remained opened as usual and
there was no perceptible falling off in
the attendance.
The body of a dark haired girl, about
12 years of age. was found impaled on
the iron railing ,of the first balcony,
she evidently having been thrown over
from the second balcony above.
\Vith all of its clothing torn from it
but a pair of baby shoes, the body of
a child about a year old was found
tn a far corner of the second balcony.
It had evidently been knocked from
its mother's arms and was trampled
beyond recognition.
While scores of men were busy in
carrj-lng out the dead and Injured,
others, fortunately few in number,
searched the aisles and seats for valu
ables. Two women were found who
had provided themselves with baskets
and were filling them with ths prop
erty of the dead. They were placed
under arrest, and the theater ushers
a,nd stage hands given the work of col
lecting the valuables on the floor of
the theater. During the evening the
police arrested over a dozen men ac
cifted of being thieves and pickpockets.
STRIKERS ARE STUBBORN.
About a score of people in the second
balcony were saved by firemen, who
took them through the roof and car
ried them down ladders in the rear of
the building. 1
Two bodies tightly locked in each
other's arms, young women apparently
about 25 years of age, were found in
one end of the orchestra pit. They must
have fallen there from the balcony
above.
THIEVES SAID BUILDING.
that it could not get through. The
chauffeur clanged his gong repeatedly,
but the crowd refused to part, and the
automobile was finally turned away.
Continued From Page 5, Column 7.
H BODIES TRAMPLED UNDER FOOT IN HORRIBLE CRUSH
IE BBUTILATED BEYOND HOPE OF CERTAIN IDFNTIFIGATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, AECEMRER 31, 1903.
CODEX. Utah. Dec. 30.— W. S. Hussey. who
haslbeen claim. agent of the- Union Pacific- at
Denver ? for several year*, .will »ever M* con
nection with the. company on January 15 next
to assume charge of ¦ the . claim department of
thf Sun Prrt'o, Lo* Anycles and Salt Lake
Railway, with ¦ headquarters In Loa Anseles.
Accidentally Blows Up His Home.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 30.— A. Brandt
wrecked his home Tuesday night by
attempting to dry. a , can of blasting
powder. He set the can on the stove
to dry while he partook of his break
fast. A little later, there was an Ex
plosion and- the" kitchen caught- fire.
The fire was extinguished without dif
ficulty, but the end of the' building was
blown out by the force of the explo
sion. - . ¦'.*'-'
Dozens ot others, swept, carried, dragged or thrown out to
the stairways and even beyond them down into the landings, never
saw the daylight that streamed through the big front door in
sight of the throngs outside with fire wagons and smoking
horses, but died in great masses seven and eight feet high, with
their faces in the last agonies, all turned toward the doors they
could not reach.
From the windows at the north and west ends of the building
they streamed, blinded by smoke and crazed beyond any possibil
ity of helping themselves further or of taking advantage of the
aid extended to them from the upper floors of the buildings fac
ing the theater.
Judders, planks, ropes, poles, everything that could possibly,
serve to assist these creatures in their battle for life Was rigged
and turned .into bridges, but very few got across alive.
DEAD LIE EIGHT DEEP.
1'y pillars, became a morgue five minutes after the first little
ribbon of flame made its way along the stage.
The women and girls in the gallery never had a chance for
life. They met death still seated in their theater chairs, their
• hands burned into one commingled cinder with the sides of
the seats they had grasped when the panic came. Others who
had managed by the strength of terror to get. into the aisles
found the end in the mingled mass of smoke and fire and the
tearing of limbs there and in the open space back of the seats.
HUES. DF DEATH IS COMPLETE
Continued From Page 1, Columns 1 nnd 2.
Mr. and Mrs. C W. Quilty. left for
San Francisco as soon as informed of
their daughter's marriage. It is said
the young couple have been forgiven
and that Mrs. and Mrs. Portal will
make their home in this city.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 30. — A surprise to
Sun Jose society comes in the an
nouncement of the marriage on Tues
day of Miss Gertrude Quilty, a popular
young belle, to Clem Portal in San
Francisco. Neither friends nor rela
tives of the couple were taken into the'
secret and the first information of the
wedding was received by the bride's
parents in a telephone message asking
their blessing. f-V..* .
The bride is the daughter of C.'W.
Quilty, a well-known capitalist of this
city. She is a general favorite In tie
younger social set and has often en
tertained at the elegant home of her
parents on South Third street. ~ Portal
is the son of the late J. B. J. Portal
and has been • managing the. Portal
ranch near Cuperttrjo. He has many
friends in this city. '
Miss Gertrude Quilty Quietly Weds
Son of the Late J. B. J. Portal in
San Francisco Last Tuesday.
SAX JOSE SOCIETY BELLE \}^ :
SURPRISES HER FRIENDS
Never was there a busier night in
Chicago than this one. All night long
hundreds of people were going be
tween the police station and the hos
pitals and the Morgue, first- to one,
then to the other, then back again,
seeking news" of missing friends, and
relatives and trying to identify the
dead. At the Central Police station,
within one and a half squares of the
theater, a dozen policemen were kept
busy all night taking names and de
scriptions of missing people.
In the squad room of the station the
lists of injured received from hospitals
and from police stations were read to
the crowd. The throngs were silent
while the names, were read except for
an occasional outbreak of sobbing as
some one recognized in the description
a relative or friend. The hospitals
were besieged i by . callers and • eager'
questioners over, the telephone. In spite
of all this the work of identification
went on but slowly, and at 2 o'clock
this morning apparently only one
fifth of the bodies lying in the rooms
of downtown undertakers had been
recognized by their friends.
and mothers who were anxious about
relatives and friends refused to be
pacified.
At Rolston's morgue, 22 Adams street,
where nearly 200 bodies lay awaiting
identification, the scenes were equally
as dramatic. There, were thousands of
people -in the crowd in front of the
place, and it was with, the greatest dif
ficulty that the police, were able to con
trol the situation, so anxious were the
grief-stricken people to gain admit
tance <to ascertain if their loved ones
had fallen victims to the awful disas
ter. A dozen other places in the city
where dead had been carried witnessed
the same scenes.
IDENTIFYING THE DEAD.
Steamer Amur Arrives at Victoria.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dec. 30. — The
steamer Amur, which grounded on
Harbor Reef, off Port Simpson, on De
cember 15 when bound down from
Skagway, arrived in port to-day and
went to Esquimalt to go on the ways.
She is not much damaged.
trance where men were kicking in the
doors and shattering the glass panels
in their attempts- to afford a larger
space for the exit of the people. Many
fell as they reached the doors, where
a few steps more would have carried
them to fresh air and safety. As I look
at it now I must have been walking on
prostrate bodies as I struggled through
the opening. All of our party escaped
in about the same manner as I did, but
all of them suffered so terribly in the
matter of clothing that the first thing
they did was to rush to the stores to
buy wraps to cover them."
TROY, N. Y..'De*c. 30.— Moses T.
Clough, the nesto'r 'of : the Rensselaer
County barand the. last survivor of the
class of 1834.' of ¦ Dartmouth College;
William Shaw, head of the law- firm- of
Shaw, Bailey & Murphy, and Benjamin
,W. •Kinnejv manager for the Fuller-'
Warren Company of Boston, Mass., lost
their lives in a; fire which partially de
stroyed ; the Troy Club to r day. Al
though the doomed men were seen at
the windows nothing could .be "done to
save them, 7 so- dense was:the smoke' and
so rapid the progress'of the flames. . :
Edward Carpentier of New York was
taken, from" an upper window* by the
firemen and removed to a hospital,
where he is recovering from the effects
of smoke inhaled. He was in tpwn pre
paring for his marriage with a young
society woman of this city.' His escape
from death was regarded as one of the
remarkable features of the fire. "All the
persons killed were occupying rooms
on the upper floor of the club building,
which is four stories in height, and it
was the part the flames attacked first.
The victims had retired about 10
o'clock and were sleeping soundly when
the alarm was given. by the employes.
An effort was made. at once to-reach
the sleeping apartments, but the pro
gress of th,e fire had been so rapid that
the help at? hand could not make their
way to the top floor.
The fire is thought to have been
caused by a lighted cigarette - being
thrown among some combustible mate
rial. The clubhouse was built ten or
twelve years ago at a cost of $500,000.
The loss by fire will reach $55,000. r
Mr. Clough was 89 years of age and
Mr. Shaw was. nearly 70. Both resided
at the club, at which Kinney and Car
pentier were guests.
The police report that while the fire
was at its worst a man was discovered
trying to set fire to the building at the
corner of Broadway and Fifth avenue,
occupied as a news stand. The man es
caped. It is not believed, however, that
the clubhouse fire was of incendiary
origin.
3[oses T. Clbiigh,' One of the
Victims,. Was sLonc Suivvivor
, of Dartmouth Class of 1 834
firemen; are powerless
Fire Destroys Fine Structure
in Tro c v, X. IV, arid Three
Persons Perish in the Flames
NOTED MEN DIE
IN CLUB ROOMS
SANTA ROm. Dec. 30k. — Justice A.
J. Atchinson uhis afterrwon imposed
a sentence of ninety days' imprison
ment on Simort Semple, charged with
disturbing the peace. Atchinson en
tered several residences in this city
Tuesday night and frightened tha
women folks.
Peace Disturber Is Sent to Jail.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 30.— Charfcs
Stern, a prominent^ winemaker, was
killed and five passengers were badly
injured in a collision at noon «to-day.
The injured: Joseph Steiai of 1034
Macy street, seriously, may die; Mrs.
E. O'Brien, 943 Macy street, face cut
and head injured; H. G. Mfller, An
derson and' Macy streets, painfully
bruised; Mrs. .Marker, cut and bruised
on face and body; Miss Bsarr. bruised
and cut on upper part of "body.
The accident occurred at the end of
the Macy Street bridge, whe re a Pacific
electric car was struck by ensnne No. 1 .
of the Salt Lake Railway Company.
The engine was going north pulling a
long train of flatcars loaded with stone.
The point where the collision occurred
is one of the most dangerous crossings
in the city. The flagman, ran out to
give the danger signal, but the car
crew failed to see him in time or lost •
control of the brakes for a moment,
and the train, whiih was running slow
ly, struck the car. The motorman and
conductor of the car saw that a smash
up was inevitable and jtanr>ed, saving
themselves. Stern, was mside the car
and could not escr<a>e. Jin;. O'Brien and
Stein were hurled from their seats on i
the dummy.
Charles Stern was the» owner of the
Stern winery. He was about 63 years of
age and leaves three grown sons.
Charles Stern, who was killed, was
one' of the best known wine men In
the United Stages and -one of the pio
neer wine and brandy makers of Los
Angeles. He was president of the I
Sterns Winery aid Brandy Company.
Limited, and bepLdes the winery at
Macy street and, Mission road main
tained offices an<i warehouses at New
York and Chicaijo, with a wholesale
house on South Spring street in this
city. In recent years Stem had made
his home in XMv York, passing his
winters here. ' He was &2 years of .
age and leaves«a wife, two son3 and a
daughter. '.-f';^;: • „'•
Motornian and Conductor Save
Themselves by Jnmpinjr Just
Before the Collision Occurs
THE BRAKES FAIL TO WORK
Prominent Wiuemaker of Los
Angeles Is Killed and Five
Other Passengers Arc Injured
ENGINE STRIKES
A TROLLEY CAR
Kushins: Work on Xew Electric Line.
VALLEJO, Dec. 20.— Work on the
route of the Vallejo, Benicia and Xapa
Valley Electric Railroad is progressing
favorably. Thirty teams and sixty men
are at work and the ¦ graders have
reached Sonoma street. The grading
from Vallejo to Xapa will be completed
by April 1. and the rails soon will be
ready for shipment from San Francisco.
7
2CEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
r/.LI,irCG EAXB STOPPED.
Ballacss Cured by Destrcyiai? the Para-
sitic Germ That Causes It.
BaldBMM follows falling hair, falling
hs-r follows dandruff, and dandruff is
the result of a germ digging its way into
the scalp to the root of the hair where it
ssps the vitality of the hair. To destroy
that germ is to prevent as well as cure
dandruff, falling hr.ir, and. lastly, bald-
ness. There is only one preparation
known to do that, Newbro's Herpieide,
an entirely new. scientific discovery.
Wherever it has been tried it has proven
wonderfully successful. It can't be
otherwise, because it utterly destroys
the dandruff germ. "You destroy the
cause, you remove the effect." Sold by
•leading drupgists. Send 10c in stamp's
for sairiiWe vi The Herplcide Co., Detroit
Mich.
f. ¦ ,
Guaranteed Pure,
I None So Good*
Sold EXtcrgtofitTSi. '
BILSSKT MKRVAKTOB CO.. I
P£c:3e Ccast Acrnts. J
'iwLmi ¦¦— ri — nrTr^_jT
v* RFFF
Rich!/ nurtured, *¦* »- *- •
| solely for b^ef extract, and 2.000 :
M "head" per day required to fill the
Jf little v.-hite jars found in the hands
/f? cf Ccod Cooks throughout
\^^^^ the world. That is ths
I Lisbig Company's
I Extract of Beef |
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
C'BLISEUB OF MhWiit}
V - ' " n jasxrr ¦*: ***- £: " 7 -- BLMht A
j, "^^ 7h« Larjec? An*tomil«l M^^ijji in the \
- i _fl_»i •'¦ '•' : I'tuutxt or *i,y rn&nictcd A
i 4JK? h C!L «*GROAN-G'SEASES OF MEN 7>
L'^Tt^^a Coninltstim frrr fnd «'r:'tly private. \
(} * lj,jj[ll Tr«tr»c«t \<ri\cri.' y rr by Irt't. A Q
y W, y CT U /»•«•«€ iwr is crery c«se un. J«t»ke». V
'i '¦ ¦ I \\h l v.'!>i?'<.rBii.tf<i«i'nyifit
• • f ,| - fltnnucR. MAttEO runt, (at
'J /> ••«. •_•;,> book for Turi ; \
r DU. JO no AX &.VO.. I35I Mr.rlcetSt..S. F. V
§flr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
CJilO ElEARM'MT. E*3btttitrC
in 1S54 fi.rUi* tnatnifi't «>f I'rivntr
Iiihi-uv*.*. |>«,i Mhih.'xkj. Oehliityor
•liseaji* «*nrif!jr<m l«xlr:w«l initMl an'i
sfcin ();*<-«m*. Tli* hoetnrrtir*>« w».*n
rororuarsHirrii. Culloi write.
***¦• *• r. UlftBOX, **u 1'raccisco, CjJ.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I ALL I wKll 1 CIV • iVvOUll*3 i\
I GOODS AS . * 1
I ;, . : Mail Orders Promptly Attended To. Perfest Fit Baarantesd.
g Remit Money by P. 0. or Express Mon3y Order. Send Heiib! ani Cbss! Maasurament.BY the Christmas courtesy of the Manitoba Free
Press of Winnipeg^ The Call has received a hand
somely mounted tail of a Mani;rba gopher, accom
panied by a pamphlet explaining the. mystic merits of the
gift as a bringer of good luck to whomsoever wears it; ,
The mystery had' its origin in the depths of the untu
tored minds of the "Wandering Crees," a tribe that once
roamed over the vast -plains of the Canadian Northwest.
According to ;thc legends of that people, a generation of
prairie dogs, once upon a time,, fell into evil courses, and
the Great Spirit, by way of' punishment,., changed the.
guilty ones into gophers and doomed them and their de
scendants, forever after to act ; as sentinels and guards. for
the villages of the good 'prairie-dogs.
; By reason of that decree the' gopher stands watch to
this day and gives to all under his charge ¦ fair warning
j of any approaching; danger. .The guardianship 'of =thel
, gopher, it is said.' becomes- more potent after his death
TALE OF A GOPHER TAIL.
Natives of Lake Chad.
A French army officer who • recently
made an exploration of the Lake Chad
region in Central Africa has sent to his
Government curious reports of the isl
and dwellers in the lake, who ; were
amazed when the first steamboat ever
seen there puffed its noisy way among
them. Lake Chad is roughly triangular
in shape, and about 100 miles on each
of its sides, says the Chicago Chronicle.
At no point is it more than about thirty
feet deep, and it is a perfect maze of
.islands. The islands are long and nar
row, and all He ' in a north-northwest
and south-southeast direction. This
uniformity is attributed by Colonel
Destenave in part to the current from
the Shari River and in part to the pre
vailing winds. Many of the islands are
fairly; well wooded, and no difficulty
was experienced . In supplying the
steamer* with fuel. Among the trees is
MMHHfiR9ra§BBIHiBttB§£gBHBEHHK
Very little. public interest appears to have been ex
cited in the vigorous and persistent prosecution of the
men accused of the dynamite outrages which have
made railroad traffic in Montana a hazard with death.
Yet no other cause is more de§crving of an expres
sion of intense public feeling. If the accused are inno
cent they should be released. If*' they '/are guilty their
punishment as motiveless and malignant enemies >of
society should be quick and- terrible. ,
MacVEAGH AT THE HAGUE.
SOME time ago the New York Sun published a |
dispatch from Washington to the effect that the de
parture of Wayne MacVeagh from the Hague, where
he had gone to act as counsel for Venezuela before the
arbitration tribunal, was' caused by dissatisfaction with
his conduct of the case, and that had he not returned
he would have been recalled. "The report went on to
say that among other offenses MacVeagh had vwritten
a. letter to the executive council of the tribunal saying
in effect that if the arbitrators_,wcre lawyers instead of
diplomatists they would know; their business better. It
was added that the remark was regarded as insulting by
the tribunal.
'Shortly afterward the Sun corrected the original re
port, saying it had been misled into doing an injustice
to one whom it described as '"a gentleman and juriscon
sult of high character -and distinguished reputation, not
the least of \vhosc many services to the country has been
his recent professional performance at the Hague."
Mr. '¦ MacVeagh has not been fully satisfied with what
he himself; calls the "full and honorable retraction given
by the Sun," and asserts that retraction "follows false
hoods but lamely and never quite catches up with them,
for. they, are fleet of foot and wonderfully elusive." For
the sake of further refutation, therefore, he has pub
lished the complete text of- his argument before the
High Court' of Arbitration as a convincing! proof that he
did not exceed his rights as counsel and was not in any
way insulting to the tribunal. ; • *
;' The argument is so able and lucid' that it forms a
notably valuable, contribution to the literature of interna
-tional law. and if its publication be due solely to a de
sire to refute the original erroneous report, : then the
error after all has been of some good service. As The Call
was, among- the papers that copied -the article , in the
. Sun,, pleasure^is taken in directing, attention to the re
futation 'and, the retraction.! -*-
Coal Out of Peat.
A firm in Kent, England, has devised
an electrical process for converting or
dinary peat Into firm, smokeless steam
coal at a moderate cost. The peat is
cut and excavated by machinery, load
ed into dumping cars, which convey it
to the plant, where it is packed into
rotary Jron cylinders. The cylinders
being rotated at high velocity, the cen
trifugal pressure, aided by an interior I
beating device, expels nearly all of the'
80 per cent of water in the material.
Electrodes connected with a dynamo
are then inserted in the cylinders in
such a manner that the mass of dried
peat completes the electrodes. The. re
sistance offered by the peat, like the
filament of an incandescent lamp, gen
erates heat which carbonizes the ma
terial, producing a mass of disinte
grated black globules. From the cylin
ders the carbonized material passes to
machines which knead it into a puttjf
llke mass, which is then pressed into
briquettes or left to dry and harden in
masses, which broken Into lumps,
screened, and graded like ordinary
coal. '
Colonel Evans, high in the councils of the United
States secret service, lost twelve hundred dollars at
roulette a few days ago at El Paso and now he has been
suspended by the department in which he was so dis
tinguished an officer. The colonel has at least'the satis
faction of knowing that while it is his business to locate
.bad .money, his friends are able to recognize good coin
when they see it. V ;-.;- •
Anszvers to Queries.
GLADIOLUS — Amateur, City. The
blooming bulb known as gladiolus 13
easy of cultivation. The bulbs should
be planted in light, rich and mellow
soil, to a depth of six Inches when the
ground has become warm. The best ef
fects are produced in groups or
masses.
REVENUE — D. R.. Stockton. Cal.
The United States Internal revenue in
1902 on spirits amounted to $121,138.
012 and on fermented liquors $71,988.
902, an aggregate of $203,126,915. The
preceding year the aggregate from
these two sources of revenue waa
$191,727,888.
SPANISH NAMES — T. A. P., San
Marcos, Cal. Many of the Californian
names are preceded by "San", and
"Santa," which Is the masculine and
the feminine for saint, or sainted. An
dreas is Andrew; Antonio, Antone or
Anthony; Bernardino, Bernard; Be
nito, Benedictine friar or nun; Cle
mente, Clement; Diego. James; Fran
cisco, Francis; Felipe, Philip; Gre
gorio, Gregory: Joaquin. Joachim: Ja
einto. Hyacinth: Jose, Joseph; Juan.
John; Luis Obispo,' Louis the Bishop:
Lucas, Luke; Luis Rey, Louis the
King; Leandro. Leander: Mateo, "Ma
thew; : Marcos. Mark: Pasqual. Pas
qual; Pedro. Peter: Pablo, Pau!; Ra
fael. Raphael: Ana, Anna; Barbara,
Barbara; Catalina, Catherine: Cruz.
Cross; Clara. Clara: Fe. Belief; Inez.
Agnes; Maria. Mary: Paula. Pauline^
Rosa. Rose; Rita, w^rd used by shep
herds In speaking of one of their flock;
Hueneme, .house by the sea.
MISTLETOE— H. J. P.. City. Th*
mistletoe is a native of Britain and the
greater part of Europe, forming a b^h
about four feet long and growing on
many kinds of trees, particularly on
the apple and others botanically allied
to it, as the pear, service and haw
thorn, also on sycamores, limes, pop
lars, locust trees and firs, but vv.-y
rarely on oaks — contrary to the general
j belief. This order of plant is exogen
ous and contains more than 400 known
species, mostly tropical and parasite-*.
The mistletoe was intimately connect?*!
with many superstition? of the ancien»
Germans and British Druids. Amon?
the Celts the mistletoe which grew on
the oak was in peculiar esteem iov
magical and medicinal virtues. • It'wai
at one time In high repute as a remedy
for epilepsy and convulsions. The ber
ries are a favorite food for thrushes
and It was for a long time suppose!
that the plant was propagated by
seeds deposited from the birds, but the
propagation Is really by the wiping off
of the seeds from the bird's beai*.
which it rubs against the teark.
Townsend's California glace fruits an''
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic flre^
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bl<$. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men b» do
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230]_CaU
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
In a certain big downtown wholesale
house it has been a holiday custom to
allow the office employes to buy a fat
turkey at the firm's expense. On the
staff was a broth of a Mission boy, say
sixteen years old and up-to-date. A
few days before Christmas the youth
received word that on and after Janu
ary 1, 1904, his services would no longer
be required. Yesterday the bill for
master office boy's turkey reached the
house. It was $5 SO.
Here is the dialogue that followed:
'"Say, Tommy, don't you think that's
pretty stiff for turkey?" inquired the
cashier.
"Naw, I don't," replied Tommy. "I
had to go all over town to find one that
Avas big enough. You see. I'll ba out of
a job soon and I thought I'd better take
the best of it while it lasted. If youse
hadn't told me I was going to be
fired," continued the youthful philoso
pher, "youse might have got off cheap
er. But I couldn't afford to pass up
this last chance."
Tommy sauntered off whistling and
the cashier caught his breath.
The Secret Out.
Satisfied that, his children would be
. convinced that Santa Claus was a real
and not a mythical character, a well
known insurance agent dressed in the
garb that children usually associate
with their ideas of Kris Kringle and
walked into the nursery 'at his home
Christmas eve. He flattered himself
that his make-up was perfect and that
his little ones would receive him with
the spirit that for months past, in an
ticipation of a joyous Christmas day.
he had been endeavoring to instill into
their minds.
And the children were convinced, all
but one, the youngest, a sturdy little
boy of eight. When the others, at sight
of the long, white beard, the wig of
white hair and red fur-trimmed coat,
shook with fear and expectancy and
tremblingly held out their, little hands
for the presents that Santa Claus in a
gruff voice announced he had for them,
this little chap rose up' and bravely
marched toward his disguised father.
"I want to whisper, Santy," he said
in a voice in which there was not a
sign of fear.
Santa Claus lowered his bushy head
and felt two soft little arms go around
his neck. A sweet little' face was
pressed against his hairy one and from
the lips of the ydungster came these
words:
••I won't tell on you, papa, but I
peeked in mamma's room when you
was dressin'."
Hardly Fair.
In this enlfghtened age of interna
tional amity it seems strange to read
what the World's Work has to S3jr
about Colombian army methods. "It
it a common thins f f >r a Colombian boy
of 12 or 14 to be thrashed to death with
cowhide whips for 'deserticg' from the
army— that is to say. running back
home after he had been forcibly en
listed," says that magazine. "It is
generally common for a mere child to
be nuns up by Ihe thumbs until he
dies, because ho will not— or cannot —
say where his father is hidden. Women
have been crucified because they have
refused to betray their husbands, and
others have been treated infinitely
worse."
DST2S this not seem to be like the re
port spread among negroes by the peo
ple of the South during the Civil War
that Yankees had hoofs and horns like
the devil?
Budding Genius.
This Is Pleasing.
The San Francisco Call devotes a
page of its Monday's edition to writing
up the resources of the Interior of the
State. Yesterday it published articles
from the pens of C. M. Wooster, and
NT. P. Chipman. president of the. Cali
fornia State Board of Trade. Both
are interesting and will undoubtedly
direct attention to California's almost
unlimited resources. The Call is on
the proper course. All of the great
journals of the State should devote a
little more of their space to building
up the interior, and they will not be
neglectful of their own interests In
doing so, for as the interior progresses
so will their own homes advance and
increase in material wealth.— Madera
Tribune. .
IT is announced that St. Petersburg is angry at Ameri-,
can and English sympathy for Japan. This may be a
very serious matter for St. Petersburg, as it is always
serious to get angry, but the United States and Great
Britain will not immediately apologize. or withdraw their
sympathy.
There is something greatly attractive in the aspect
and attitude of Japan. Since her emergence ftoni
national seclusion she has joined Western progress, art
and science to the Oriental character and has shown
what can be done by all Eastern Asia, if the autonomy
and independence of China and Korea be respected.
Looked at philosophically, Japan is the natural leader of
the Mongol races. If they were all in her condition of
advancement and had her parliamentary institutions
and popular participation in government, the advantage
to the whole -world would be inestimable. She has
taught the West that 5 , progress, liberal political institu
tions, and the extension of art and, science are the sure
cure for the yellow peril, about "which Europe has been
often alarmed.
There is something glorious in the intelligence and
firmness and high statesmanship she has shown in all
this negotiation with Russia, and there is something
morally" prreat in her uniform good faith, honor and mod
eration. She does not hesitate to risk war with a nation
that has four times her population and resources, but
with none of her sense of right and justice. She is en
titled to and will have the sympathy of the world if she
take up arms for the just cause she represents. It may
not be that the Government of the United States can
assist her as a government, but the people of the United
States will not hesitate to give her all the aid in their
power. Our principles forbid entangling alliances, offen
sive and defensive, being made by our Government. But
our people are in sentimental alliance and have the spirit'
of assistance with all nations that show the fine spirit of
Japan and for such a cause.
What a contrast between her and her enemy! Russia
pillaging, persecuting and slaughtering Jews, from re
ligious intolerance; forbidding those who expatriate
themselves to visit their birthplaces even under the
passport of other countries, of which they have become
nationals; by decree closing her zone of inflnence. ac
quired by craft in China,. to Jews and forbidding to them
there the exercise' and benefit of their, commercial en
terprise, and in all "ways pursuing a narrow, selfish and
uncivilized policy; while Japan opens all her territory
to the free and safe intercourse of all nations; estab
lishes her own steamship lines; gives equal protection to
all religions; educates all of her people and participates
in promoting the progress of art and science.
If the intelligence of the civilized world have to
choose between Japan and Russia, without exception
Japan will be fellowshiped and supported. If war
come and brute force override Japanl, then indeed will
the light of Asia have gone out, and the knout and the Cos
sack will extend over' the East the policy that lashes
students for aspiring to freedom and murders people on j
saints' days as a religious pastime.
ST. PETERSBURG ANGRY.
Tubes in the Body.
BT W. R. C. LATSON. M. D.
(Editor Health Culture Magazine, New York.)
Copyright. 190CL by Joseph B. Bowie*.
Among,, the mpst remarkable and
beautiful structures of the body are the
blood tubes — the system of '"piping" by
means of -which the blood Is conveyed
from the heart to the tissues, through
the tissues themselves and then back to
; the heart. Of the heart itself, that won
derful double pump, to' the action of
which the flow of the blood is mainly
due, and of the blood, the center and
intermediary of all life processes, we
have written in previous articles.
The tubes conveying the blood from
the heart are called 'arteries. And the
structure, of these tubes is- peculiarly
adapted to the work they have to do.
In discussing the heart's action it was
stated that the heart contracted about
seventy times each minute. At each of
these contractions it throws into the
arteries which go to the tissues about
160 cubic centimeters, or neardly six
ounces of blood. Xow if the artery
were a hard, unyielding tube, like a
lead gas pipe or a clay water main, it
would require great force to keep the
blood moving, through the three or four
feet of tubing, which lie between the
heart and the more distant tissues. But
the artery is far from being rigid. Its
walls are very strong and very elastic,
much more so than ordinary rubber
tubing. So when the quick contraction
of the left ventricle throws a tumbler
ful of blood into- the arteries they ex
pand to take it in, and then by their
own elasticity they contract again.
The blood once in the artery cannot
get back into the heart because of the
closing of the aortic valve, which
guards the opening of the large artery
leading from the heart to the tissues.
So as the artery contracts again to Its
natural caliber the blood thrown into
it from the heart is passed on In a kind
of wave. This elastic expansion and re
coil of the arteries is a most powerful
assistance to the heart in propelling
the blood through the body. And it is
in this alternate enlargement and con
traction of all the arteries, once for
each closing up of the heart, that j
causes what is called the pulse. The
pulee may be felt at the wrist, the
temple, in the groin, under the arm or !
at any other point where an artery I
passes sufficiently near the surface to !
' be felt by the finger. j
In the disease known as old age
(eapillary-arterio fibrosis) there is a
chance in the nature of the material
composing the walls of the arteries and
capillaries, which causes thent to lose
their power of elestic response to the
heart impulse. This condition is event
ually fatal in every case, thus showing
the importance of the arterial expan
sion and recoil.
Xot only, however, must the artery
be elastic; it must be strong — strong
enough to withstand a pressure which
at one point is equal to a column of
mercury eight inches high. And the
structure of the artery is such as to
insure the highest possible degree of
those two qualities, strength and elas
ticity. The arterial walls arc- com
posed of several coats or layers. In
side these is a thin layer of epithelial
cells (called here endotheliai). These
are of Irregular shape, and are joined
together at the edges by a kind of
cement. Outside of this lies the prin
cipal coat of the artery itself, com
posed of several layers, the most im
portant of which is made up of tiny
muscle cells, which pass round Ihe cali
ber of the artery and impart to it that
combination of elasticity and strength
which is so important to its functions.
Each of these tiny snakeliks muscle
cells is a minute muscle. 7n some of
the arteries these muscles have a spe
cial set of nerves, which regulate the
caliber of the blood tube, causing it at
one time to contract, causing pallor and
coldness of that part of the body, and
under other circumstances to expand,
thus containing more blood and result
ing in added heat to tne part, with
flushing.
From the 'heart the blood passes into
one large artery called the aorta. The
aorta gives off a number of smaller
branches, and these give off still small
er branches, which again subdivide,
and so on, until the smallest arteries,
called arteriols, are reached.
The blood stream returns from the
tissues to the heart through blood tubes
which differ widely from the arteries
Justo described. The arterial blood flow
ins from the heart is under strong
pressure, and is Bent forth in powerful
and rapid jets. To withstand this pres
sure the arteries must be strong : and
elastic. But the; blopd going back to
the heart is under but little pressure,
and the flow is steady. Therefore the
blood tubes leading to the heart (the
veins) need not be, and are not, as
strong nor as elastic as the arteries.
Like the artery, the vein is a tube con
sisting of a number of layers, which,
however, we may roughly divide into
inner and outer, the inner composed of
endothellal . and the outer of muscle
cells. The walls of the veins are much
thinner than those of the arteries, and
there is no pulsation or throbbing in
the venous flow.
For Married Folk.
HI CJAAJU-ICS FRKDIUC GOSS. DO.
Uoiihor of "The Redemption cf David Cor
sjn," etc.)
Copyright. :!*«. by Joseph B. Bowie*.
I have performed hundreds of mar
riage ceremonies, but have only asked
one bride to promise obedience to her
husband. 1 did this because she in
sisted upon it and I have never asked
h<*r whether she was glad. Probably
not one American woman in 10,000
has any intention of obeying her hus
band in the •sense contemplated in
the marriage service, and so what is
the use of asking her to promise what
she does not mean to perform? It al
ways seems to me like sham.
The real problem of matrimony is
not obediem e. but deference. There
Is a certain subordination, submission,
recognition of superiority in both
friendship and marriage that is of the
utmost import&iiee.
The case stands this way:
Kither the man and woman have
equally strong wills and good Judg
ment <wh£^h is a very gTeat improb
ability) or the man has the highest
endowment in these qualities; or, per
chance, the woman.
Now. the most important question
for every young couple is the early
discovery of this superiority and its
constant recognition. The little
home kingdom needs to be ruled
by the noblest mind. The do
mestic .«tate thrives best under
an aristocratic • fann of govern
ment. But here's th*» "rub." In the
vaet majority of cases it is. the one
who has the least sense who has the
most tgoti.tm. and the married life
becomes one long struggle on the part
of the weaker member of the firm to
assert his or her personality. Our
••personality:- How we dread to have
it swallowed up or even subordinated.
And it would be a terrible thing to re
ally lose it in another; to have one's
will and judgment so completely ab
sorbed in that of a husband or wife
as rea!ly to become a nobody:
Thi« tragedy often happens in the
married life. You have seen women
who wore nothing in th*- world but
little o, hoes of some big, blustering,
domineering man. You have seen
eix-foot men nho wore wagged like
a tail by liaie. aggressive, capable and
determined women. It is always a
pitiful and gem-rally a contemptible
sight. Losing- one's individuality in
thlc way is like being sucked down
into quicksand. It would hnve been
ignoble in Solomon's weakest wife to
have thus surrendered h<»r personality
evrn to the wisest <if men.
And it is the instinctive fear of this
ignoble surrender that often lies at the
bottom .-f lifelong matrimonial unhap
piness. A man or a woman makes the
slow, painful discovery of his or her
inferiority and it is humiliating beyond
¦words. It is something to be covered
up; to be denied; to be resented. In
the* blind struggle against the inevit
able f< If -assertion is the last resort.
"U'hat this inferior mind lacks in great
ness it must make up for by obstinacy
and aggressiveness. Day after day and
year after year it struggles for su
premacy by this fatal method, ajways
developing its egotism at the expense
of its judgment: always sacrificing its
best interests to avert Its threatened
loss of individuality.
This is a very subtle but very com
mon and very terrible evil in married
life. Few people have the meta
physical acumen io understand their
own motives or the operation of their
minds. It is a blind, instinctive and
desperate struggle for existence— the
existence of the personality! The fear
of being mentally absorbed is like the
fear of being bodily devoured. And
there is a genuine basis for the appre
hension, for it is a characteristic of
ell superior minds, or most of them,
to swallow up inferior ones. Power de
acends into tyranny as rivers descend
into the sea. There is a deep and ter
rible joy in dominating minds that are
beneath us. It is this delight that turns
men into brutes and women into vipers.
But if it is a real danger (and a dan
ecr to be avoided) that the very per
sonality of the weaker partner in the
greatest business, combination of all
time shon!d bo swallc-wed up and ex
tinguished, it is a still greater one that
St rhould become a self-assertive and
pavagc egotist. And the simple truth
of the matter is that home after home
has been wrecked because some vain
and stupid man or woman was not will
ing to acknowledge the superiority of
a nobler mind. Ftop for a moment and
think of the homes you have seen ship
wrecked on this rock. Stop and lnquJre
whether it may not be the peril of your
own.
But why should it be no terrible to
acknowledge that your husband is no
bler and larger than yourself? Be
thankful if it is so. Try to climb up
on his broad shoulders and see the
•woild through his eyes. What an op
portunity, to be in such close contact
with an intelligence nnd a character
so much greater than your own! If
you are modest and simple and true
to yourself, he will not crush you; he
will elevate you. He will not bully you;
he will enlighten you. Bend your proud
little neck to the yoke of his judgment.
Be less assertive and agg-essive. Sit
at his feet and learn. If it become
necessary— obey. Sometimes his mind
thas so much wider sweep than yours
that it will be far better for you' to be
like a child than a wife.
Axd there are women whe-se Judg- ;
» 1
t»ne which is lighter even than cork,
and the natives sometimes use it for
canoes and also as a float in crossing the
lanes of water which separate the isl
ands,. Usually the canoes used by the
natives are made of reeds, but not in
frequently a native transfers his family
and flocks from one island to another
by simply swimming across. The cat
tle become accustomed to this mode of
changing pasturage. Colonel Deste
nave estimates that the number of in
habited islands is about eighty, sup
porting a population of about 50.000
people. There are some 70.000 or 80.000
head of cattle on the islands, as well as
a number of horses.
A torpedo-boat ran amuck in the East River a few
days ago, and after inflicting material damage upon it
self and upon an unoffending ferry-boat was sent to
drydock for repairs. It is- all well enough for us to
clothe our fighting sailor men with the attribute of
being rough and ready, but it *might also be well to
consider that a little less roughness will be warrant of
more readiness when we need the boats for something
else than show.
THE Colusa Sun, which is easily the leading Demo
cratic paper of the State, says: "There is some
talk of the Democrats making the confirmation of
the Panama canal treaty an issue of the next campaign.
If they want a winnmg issue we would advise against it.','
The>Sun then proceeds to denounce the treaty and the
transaction'as so dishonest that "if it were relegated to
private transactions it would land . the perpetrator in
prison."
Then why not make an issue of it and prove to the
people that it is a transaction of such criminal character?
Surely the Sun is mistaken as to the nature of the mat
ter, or has no confidence at all in the honesty and honor
of the people, or in the capacity of the Democratic
party to make such an issue plain to the understanding.
But, is it such a transaction? Panama has repeatedly
been independent and has been subjugated by force by
New Granada and Colombia. The great Bolivar wanted
the canal. JHe wanted his own people to build it. He
prayed for peace among those whom he had freed from
Spain, in order that their armies might be set to digging
the waterway. But they would not be peaceable. They
would not rise to the height of his patriotic aspirations,
and he. died broken-hearted and left civil confusion, dis
honor and dishonesty among those whom he had hoped
to establish in civil stability and commercial progress.
The people of Panama appreciated his policy and pur
pose, and though often whipped have never lost the de
sire to regain their independence that they might pro
ject the greaf ideas of the Liberator. But they were held
down and prevented, though they have always repre
sented the policy of Bolivar and the best Central Ameri
can type. The Bogota government has insisted . upon
dictating isthmian policy. It has blocked every feasible
proposition for a canal, constructed either by private
American enterprise or by this nation.
At last, under circumstances of supreme provocation,
and after frank warning of their purpose, the isthmians
have again declared their independence, and again
Bogota has asserted sovereignty and ownership of. the
isthmus, with the power to continually block the canal.
The United States has only taken advantage of a situ
ation that was created at Bogota and not at Washington.
It has joined the other nations in recognition of the in
dependence of a sovereignty that wants the canal, and
has the power to grant all concessions, privileges, and
powers required for its construction. If there be in
the history of the transaction a taint of dishonesty, it is
upon Bogota and not upon Washington.
It is not becoming in an American to denounce his
own government as so dishonest in international mat
ters that it violates-either .the. law or the ethics govern
ing the conduct of individuals. The whole case was
stated by Lewis Cass, when Secretary of State under
Buchanan. As the Sun is Democratic, we ask it to con
sider this statement of Cass: "The progress of events
has rendered the interoceanic routes across the narrow
portion of Central America vastly important to the com
mercial world, and especially to the United States,
whose possessions extend along the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts, and demand the speediest and easiest, modes of
communication. While the rights of sovereignty of the
states occupying, this region should be always respected,
we shall expect that their rights be exercised in a spirit
befitting the occasion and the wants and circumstances
that have arisen. Sovereignty has its duties as welLas
its rights, and none of these local governments, even if
administered with more regard to the. just demands of
other nations than they have been, would be permitted
in a spirit of Eastern isolation close the gates of in
tercourse on the great highways of the world, and justify
the act by the pretension that these avenues of trade and
travelbelong to them and that they choose to shut them,
or/ what is almost equivalent, to incumber them with such
unjust relations as would prevent their general use."
Now will the. Sun or any other Democratic paper pre
tend that Cass and Buchanan would have done differently
from Roosevelt, and Hay? When Cass said that isth
mian sovereignty would "not be permitted" to do just
what Colombia did, will some one tell us how she would
not be permitted? Such permission could be forbidden
only by the use" of force, and in the situation created at
Bogota the only way to make 'good the policy of Cass
would have been direct and immediate war upon Colom
bia, without waiting for Panama to assert her former in
dependence -as a sovereign nation. We can reach no
other conclusion if the declaration of Cass, approved by
Buchanan, were a sincere statement of national policy
and not mere vaporing.
The Sun should remember that the Democratic party
indorsed the Ostend manifesto, and according to the
doctrine of that official declaration, applied to the
isthmian situation, what would that party have done
under the circumstances of the refusal of Bogota to
ratify the treaty and permit the canal? There is no
room for do.ubt thaj a Democratic President would have
considered himself fortunate to be able to stop short of
the theory of that manifesto, under which he would have
seized and annexed the isthmus. * We ask calm consider
ation of this great issue, every step in which taken by
President Roosevelt has been in conformity, to interna
tional right and law and honor.
A Message to Yohanna.
Policeman Flrnn thought that he
must have been a-dreaming. Over there
in the shadow of the gathering dusk
he spied the angular figure of a man
climbing, monkey-like, up a telegraph
pole. A coil of wire wa3 dangling from
the arm of the climber. Before Police
man Flynn could interfere the shadowy
figure on the pole had tossed one end of
his wire over a strand of electric light
wire and descended with the two loose
ends of the waving string of copper in
his mouth.
"Hel-lo, Yohanna." came in a shrill
voice from across the street. The blue
coat peered around the pole, and there
he saw the lanky figure of the man
standing with one end of the wire to
his ear and the other clenched in a flst
which he held to his mouth, trumpet
like.
"Hel-lo, Yohanna; I want vit you to
do some talking?. Hel-lo, vere is it dat
you is now — oh vy not you do some
speakings vit me — vit Fritz, your man?
Hel-lo, dere, Los Angeles — der dogs
bidt dose telephone voomens, dey give
me not mine vife down in Los Angeles
to hear some."
Policeman FIvnn thought that he had
better Interfere at this juncture, and he
gathered the lanky German into the
hurry-up barouche. The Commissioners
sent (he poor fellow up to Napa, where
he is still trying to telephone to Yo
hanna. Yohanna's death had unhinged
the mind of the German, but maybe
the messages which he tried daily to
send to her reached their far-off des
tination.
POLICY AND HONESTY.
than it was during his life/ but the whole potency is
vested in the tail. Hence the, good luck of him who
wears it. ¦'&;".
If there be any truth in this tale of the "Wandering
Crees," there should also be good luck to whomsoever
gives a luck bringing gopher tail -to a far off stranger,
and as a consequence there should be an abundance
awaiting the genial editor of the Manitoba Free Press,
who, it appears, has distributed 833 gopher' tails this
Christmas. Such being the case, it is not worth while to
wish him any more luck than is coming to him, but it is
nothing more than right for The Call to say he can never
get more than he deserves. •£.
ments exceed their husband's in, the
same way. It Is harder«for a man to
admit it. of course. But wh*y should
a man prefer smashing his home to
yielding to the swift, clear intuitions
of a wife whom God has enriched with
that noblest of jjll human endowments
— insight? 1: in toueh, no doubt, to
acknowledge that this little fair haired
woman whpm you made such boasts
of cherishing and protecting and de
fending should reveal a capacity that
throws all your moderate talents Into
the shade. But how great a blessing
her gifts might be to you. Be humble
in their presence. Give them your rev
erence. Do- not be a sneak and a pup
py. Do not dangle after her like some
august divinity. But thank heaven that
you have those clear eyes to see
through, and if you havl» been wreck
ing your business prospects and mis
managing your family affairs sit quiet
ly at the feet of this little clear eyed
woman and learn the deeper truths
which she sees by some divination that
you know not of.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; "DECEMBER 31. 1903.
THE SAN FRAJCISGQ CALL 1
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ..... . . .;. . ;Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
rublication O~lce. • Third nnd Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY ;......... ••••••• • • • -DECEMBER 31, 1903
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8SECURES HIS LIBERTY OX
WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS
A beautiful framed picture makes a
good Now Year's present. The only large
assortment of good things Is at Sanborn
& Vall's. -,,-.:••-,
The pupil3 of Miss Bradley's kinder
garten held their annual Christmas
exercises last Saturday afternoon at
528 Eddy street. A large crowd was
in attendance. The programme con
sisted of musical and literary exercises
by the little ones.
Hold Christmas Exercises.
As the first. Friday of the month,
the usual free day at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art, falls on. New
Year's day of the coming year, the in
stitute will not be open to the public,
the free day being postponed to the
second Friday, January 8.
Art Institute Closed To-Morrow.
MARYSVILLE, Dec. 30.— The second
section of the northbound Oregon
express ' met with an accident
in the railroad yards in this
city at an early hour this
morning, the smoker and day coach
leaving the rails at a switch just north
of thS depot. The smoker was turned
over on its side and the passengers piled
up In the aisle. Both cars were badly
damaged and the*smoker wrecked.
The smoker was Hlled with passen
gers, all of whom were more or less
shaken up, bruised and^cut', by glass
and splinters. J"he injured were re
moved to the* depot waiting-room,
where Dr. Powell of this city attended
them. The injured requiring nis as
sistance were L.. Hencratt of Cotton
wood, cheek and hands cut; J. L. Stars
lin, Bonanza, Oregon, face and .wo
fingers badly cut; O. E. Naugh, Chlco,
back sprained and leg bruised, cut on
hands and face; Martin Zambalich,
newsboy, cut by broken glass. The de
railment was caused by a point of the
switch rail being bent. The. train had
gone in on a side track to pick up a car
containing the Foxy- Grandpa company
and was returning to the main line.
Several of the cars had passed over the
switch when the smoker left the rail
and pulled the day ca> otf. Tho train
was running very slowly and the cars
went quite a distance before tipping
over. The wrecking train arrived here
about 6 o'clock and at noon the track
was cleared. The tiain left on its
northern journey about six houi*s late.
Second Section of the North
Bound Oregon Express Is De
railed at Marysville Depot
TWO COACHES
LEAVE TRACK
Anna Belle Whitford, queen of fair
ies; serious.
Warren S. Morgan; burned while
I rescuing his three-vear-old son.
I Miss Marcella Morgan, Detroit: se
verely burned: may die.
M. A. Merriam of the George A. Ful
ler Company; injured while saving his
daughter Mildred.
Verdie Clark; unconscious. -
Mrs. Henry Miller, Ontonagf.n, Mich.
H. H. Chester, wife and two children;
severely burned about head and body;
taken to hotel.
Earl Hennessey; severel'y burned;
taken to hotel.
' • Pridemore. severely burned;
taken to Sherman House.
. Chapman; severely burred about
arms and legs; taken to Sherman
House.
M. S. Schalk; will die.
William Patten; will die.
Mrs. C. Kimball; will die.
Susan Beahl. aged 16; Will die.
Jessie Phelfn; will die.
Margaret Buherman; will die.
Richard Emelang, stage hand; will
die.
Mrs. Francis Lehrman; will die.
Mrs. M. Lehman; serlou3.
Miss Carrie Anderson; serious.
Miss Mabel McMillan; ratal.
Fred, Crawford and William Patter
son, young sons of C. Patterson of. the
Pullman Palace Car Company; all seri
ously injured.
Adelia Baker; serious.
. Pomeroy; serious.
Eddie Foy, comedian; slight.
Nellie Stranger.
Miss Lena Mueller.
Helen Mueller.
Mrs. William Mueller.
Cora Fancher.
B. P. Stephenson, Madison, Wla.
James Schneider.
Adolph Weber.
Alma Leinschukt.
Miss C. H. Pier, serious.
Miss Livingston.
W. w. Reinhart.
Miss Muyre, serious.
S. A. Muyre and wife.
Ralph Cooper.
L. M. Mellen. Elgin, 111.
Miss Nellie Wills.
Mrs. Gallup.
C. T. Robert^
Mrs. Josephine Spencer, serious; at
hospital.
Mary Muegher, at hospital.
Emrich Hewlns", Petersburg, Ind., at
hospital.
Lillie Ackerman,,at hospital.
A. C. Johns, usher, will die.
Miss Estelle Muir, at hospital.
Louis Dee. will die; found" late at
night after being reported missing.
Ralph Kemoare.
LIST OF THE INJURED.
Following is a partial list of the in
jured. When no other address is given
the residence is Chicago:
Winifred Litsay. aged 17, burned on
face and arms; taken home.
Anna Tubbs, niece of F. H. Tubbs.
district superintendent of the Western
Union, burned on face and hands.
Emma Tubbs, "mother of Anna, se
rious; taken to hospital.
Elizabeth Trowbridge, seriously
burned.
Emma Kingsley. serious; taken home.
Mrs. C. Kranz/ Racine, Wis., at hos
pital; will die.
Mrs. HHen Pilash.
Mrs. Bessie CHnger, seriously burned.
Mrs. A. Bressen, unconscious when
rescued.
Felix and Jessie Guerriaasa. children,
will survive. !..'•'-
Orville Radtk. serious.
Herman Deil, hands bunved off; se
rious.
Mrs. Wiswall, may die.
William McLaughlin, serious.
Mrs. Malian: serious; taken to hos
pital.
Mrs. Bradwell.
R. A. Evans, member of "Bluebeard"
company, playing ro!e of Mustapha
Gallagher; taken out unconscious.
Dorothy Marlowe, pony oallet; severe
burns.
Thomas Welners and two members
of family.
Mary Donahue, wife of a police ser
geant.
Mrs. Andrew Early, wife of Assist
ant Superintendent of the Pinkerton
Detective Agency.
Miss Amy Owens.
L. E. R«id.
J. Everett.
Mrs. George Everett.
Miss Stewart.
William Swick.
Mrs. James Henning.
Mrs. D. Seely. taken to hospital.
Mrs. J. J. Johnson, taken to hospital.
Mrs. John Hohnes. taken to hospital.
Daisy Garland, taken to hospital.
John Kermin. talten to hospital.
Affy Trevelier, at hospital.
D. A. Stratton. Alpena. Mich.
W. C. S. Ellers.
Edna Torney, aged 22.
Mr?. Thomas A. Cantwell, mother of
Attorney Robert Cantwell.
Mrs. A. E. Hull and three children.
TSva Hier.
Mrs. Joseph Strong, mother and
niec
DeWitt Murphy.
Harry Reilly.
Mrs. F. S. Butler and son.
Ben Moore and family of five.
Agnes Chapin, teacher of French.
Tyner Essig.
Mrs. T. C. Peterson, Fargo, N. D.
IHGOMP LETE ROSTER OF IT1S
Continued From Page. 5, Column 6.
D. E. Hooper of Monterey secured a
narrar.t from Police Judpe Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of "John Doe," a
waiter in a Clay-street restaurint, on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Hooper went into the restaurant on
Tuesday afternoon for a meal and
gave the waiter who served him a
pawn ticket for a suit case and the
money to reieem it. besides SO cents
for his trouble. He waited long for
the waiter to return, but waited in
vain. He complained to the pro
prietor, who told him the waiter had
be«»n paid hi* wag-ps on Monday and
vould probably not come back.
Victim of Misplaced Conftdd
The body of Georgre Ridel, who was
drowned on December 14, was washed
ashore yesterday on Alcatraz Island
and is now at the Morgue. Ridel was
engaged in loading lumber on the
bark Angus the day he was drowned.
He fell overboard. He resided at 468
Xoe street.
Body Washed Ashore.
i h;s eveniag the streets will hum
with the crowd? of mfrrymskprs watch
ing tho departure of i?03. When return
:'r.K l.'irn^ how pjfa*ant a jras heater
frrm S. F. trap and Electric Co., 415
Post «t.. will c»*. •
Peter H. Wheelan. 207 Larkln street: B.
Lowenstein. 1240 OTarrell; N. H. HIckman,
Crocker building; J. S. Severance, Mills build
ing: W. J. Wiley. Hotel Granada: John Devery.
Bush and Baker; C. W. Coburn, 1436 Post;
Charles Sutro. 221 Montcomery; J. H. Schutte,
316 Post: Henry Hllp, 304 Spruce; H. B. Madi
son. 36 Steuart; C. J. RUley. 723 Chestnut; P.
Bisrpins. 2603 Twenty-third: J. C Lemmer 127
Fillrr.ore; C. \V. Sutro. 21S Montgomery: Ira
B. Dalziel. C05 Golden Gate avenue; R. C. de
Boom, tOOO Scott; Max U Rosenfeld Olympic
Club; R. C. Mattegon, 2501 Larkln; John Mnr
rtaejr. Palace Hotel; W. J. Newman 123
Kearny; F. J. O'Dwyer, 3027 Sixteenth: YV.
J«arkin«. fZA Howard; H. C. Law 1525 Vallejo-
John MrKeon. 4225 Nineteenth; O. C. Galla
gher. «1S Broderick; G. Trittenbach. 1312 Ful
lon; Marshall Hale. 087 Market; J. H. Mundy,
123 CaMfcrria: Richard Finkintr. 116 Turk.
A new Grand Jury, to serve for the
next six months, will be chosen to
day by Judge Murasky. The follow
ing thirty citizens have been ordered
to appear in his court at 2 o'clock
and from among them nineteen will
be selected as jurors:
Him — Will Select Nineteen.
Judge Murasky Orders Thirty Prom
inent Citizens to Appear Before
NAMES OF PROSPECTIVE
GRAND JURORS ARE DRAWN
A quiet wedding, that might easily be
construed as an elopement, occurred in
the parlors of the California Hotel last
evening. The contra g parties were
Miss Ivy M. Perkins, daughter of the
late and well remembered A. f. Per
kinp. ar.d Joseph D. Cerkel, a promi
nent young grain merchant of Suisun.
The wedding was the culmination of a
courtship beginning in Suisun, where,
for a number of months, the young
lady had been en&ageu In teaching
school. It was in the latter town that
Cerkel first met Miss Perkins and an
acquaintance rapidly developed into a
iove affair between the young couple.
Recently Cerkel became aware of the
fact that his attentions to the pretty
rchoolmarm were not particularly
pleasing to the relatives of the young
lady, but apparently the news did not
discourage him in his wooing. * When
the school vacation began and the fair
object of his attentions prepared to re
turn to this city to spend the holidays
with her widowed mother and sister at
their home, 1825 Eddy street, he exact
ed a promise of marriage from Miss
Perkins, whether or not parental con
sent was obtained.
Yesterday Cerkel came to this city
and caJled upon Miss Perkins to fulfill
her pledge, and true to her word she
entered into his suggested plans for an
immediate ceremony. Horatio Muzzy, a
friend of Cerkel. and Miss Lillian Her
sog, a cousin of the prospective groom,
were taken into the confidence of the
young couple and with the assistance
of Muzzy arrangements were hastily
rr.ade for the Avedding at the California
Hotel, and Judge J. C. B. Hebbard was
engaged to officiate, a #sity hi= Honor
gracefully performed at the appointed
hour last evening in the presence of
Muzzy and Miss Herzog, who acted as
best man and bridesmaid respectively.
The wedding over the bridal party
adjourned to the sr.pper-room and
£fier a repast bride and groom went to
a n»ighbori:ig telephone through which
they conc«yed to Mrs. Corker* relatives
the news o? tbeir marriage and then
Foupht the seclupiDn of their apart
ments in the hotel to await the mor
row and the hopflO-for blessing from
Mrs. Perkins and. her daughter. To
dsy Mr. and Mrs. Cerk^l will^Jepart for
the south on their wedding tour.
H«i>ty Marriage Is a Sequel
to Youiig Bride's Experience
as a Country Schoolteacher
PAKKXTS NONE THE WISER
The figures were very pretty and ef
fective, the dancers going through their
paces with contagious merriment. But
will some one solve the riddle of why
some people take their pleasure so sol
emnly? There were some who sat along
the wall who looked as though they
were attending a "wake" — but, happily.
MAVY PRETTY FIGURES.
All hail the debutante! In dainty
grown and budding beauty she tripped
into the ballroom at the Palace Hotel
last night to dance her first "big" cotil
lon. And she danced it with the effer
vescence that makes youth a joy. Her
cheeks glowed, her eyes sparkled arid
her laughter made merry music "twixt
the dances. Ah, but the music was
fine! No Teuton masters for the
debutante, but the gay, patriotic "Yan
kee Doodle" and his compatriot airs.
Those are the airs that engulf ennui —
and ennui is not to the debutante's lik
ing. While the ball was not essentially
a debutante function, the dainty buds
were there en masse. So, too, were the
belles of seasons now agone. Likewise
were the matrons there at the genial
bidding of the hostess, Mrs. Monroe
Salisbury. Her absence, by the way,
from the function for which she stands
sponsor was universally regretted, and
while her illness prevented her attend
ance and her cordiality was sadly
missed the details of the affair did not
suffer. Ab has been usual at recent
functions, the decorations were confined
to the little forest of firs at the end of
the hall, behind which the makers of
the music sat.
Ing gown of red chiffon.
MJss Bernle Drown wore black, 'in.
which she is very attractive. A touch
of turquoise blue gave an "air" to her
toilette.
Miss Newell Drown was gowned in
yellow point d'esprit, touched up with
black velvet. " ."','¦
¦ Mrs. Frank Sullivan wore a regal
glitter gown, black with silver span
gles and a ropef of diamonds.
Miss ! Alys Sullivan, a debutante, was
gowned in white point d'esprit and on
her hair she wore a chaplet of tiny
roses.
Miss Cheeseborough, also a bud, wore
a quaintly pretty gown of figured chif
fon. ' .
Miss Melita Pease, another of the sea
son's favorites, was gowned in white
chiffon, with a beautiful Irish point
bertha.
Miss Margaret Wilson looked very
smart In white, with a garland of yel
low roses trailing from her left shoul
der.
Miss Charlotte Ellinwood wore a
pretty Dink chiffon frock, x
Miss Murison was a dainty maid in
a pink diaphanous gown.
M16S Hyde-Smith wore one of the
smartest frocks on the floor, a* blue
point d'esprit with winged sleeves flow-
Ing from the shoulders. It was stun
ningly effective.
Refreshments were served in the ves
tibule, where the punch bowl held high
carnival.
Supper was served In the Maple room,
where the tables bore the roseate glow
of red shades. And a right merry party
clinked glasses beneath the ruby light.
there weren't many.
The cotillion was led by Miss Chris
tine Pomeroy, the dainty bud, who was
beautifully gowned in a filmy. affair of
white point d'esprit. With perfect
sangfroid, she fulfilled her difficult po
sition, in which she was cleverly as
sisted by Douglass Waterman, Whar
ton Thurston, Robert Eyre and Sidney
Salisbury.
In Mrs. Salisbury's absence, the fol
lowing ladies assisted in receiving:
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Carter Pit
kin Pomeroy, Mrs. Russell J. Wilson,
Mrs. Gordon Blanding, Mrs. Hyde-
Smith and Mrs. Henry Glass.
The gowns were especially smart.
Among those observed were:
Mrs. Henry Glass, a beautiful gown
of white silk, with Irish point.
Mrs. Hyde-Smith, a robe ofd'Alen
con lace and white chiffon. The gown
was given distinction by a chou of lav
ender, blue and pink velvet at the
left of the corsage.
Mrs. Alexander, blue silk with blue
chiffon. With it she wore a wreath of
violets, which gave it a Parisian air.
Mrs. Carter Pltkin Pomeroy, black
Brussels net, elaborately trimmed with
black d'Alencon lace.
Mrs. Jack Spreckels, black Jetted
gown, that was one of the prettiest
worn.
JIORE BEAUTIFUL. GOWNS.
Miss Lucie King, blue chiffon with
chiffon flounces.
Miss King, white chiffon, with a red
rose in her hair.
Miss Helen de Young was distinctly
one of the belles of the ball in a flam-
Miss Ivy Perkins Fulfills a
Pledjro and Is Quietly "Wedded
to J. 1). Cerkel of Suisun
Mrs. Salisbury Unable to Attend the Function Through Illness,
Causing Universal Regret, but Dance the Most Successful of
the Season and a Prognostication of Festivities to 1 Cpme
HEBBARD TIES
NUPTIAL KNOT
CHARMING DEBUTANTES
DANCE AT FIRST COTILLON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL!, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1903.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.. Dec. 30. —
The Highland Hotel, one of the finest
winter resorts in New Mexico, has
been destroyed by fire.
Winter Itesort Destroyed.
Argument on an application for a
writ of habeas corpus for the release
from custody of J. M. Evans, saloon
keeper, 119 Eddy street, was heard
before Judge Cook yesterday and the
writ was granted and the prisoner or
dered discharged. Attorney W. H.
Cook, who represented Evans, argued
that no crime had been committed by
Evans, as in the section of the statute
under which the charge was made no
penalty was attached.
Evans was arrested on a warrant
sworn to by Mrs. Lavinia Raemsch,
charging him with the felony of sell
ing incumbered personal property. It
was alleged that Evans sold to Mrs.
Raemsch the furniture and other per
sonal effects in a lodging-house at 131
Tayldr street while there was a mort
gage on the property. The .case was
heard before Police Judge Fritz, who.
held Evans to answer before the Su
perior Court. Then followed the ap
plication for the writ of habeas cor
pus.
J. M. Evans, Saloon-Kecper, Relieved
by Judge Cook of Charge of Sell
ing Incumbered Property.
9
ADVEETISEMENTS.
YOU OUGHT TO MAKE
UP YOUR MIND
Right away to try the "artistic laundry
work done at the United States Laundry.
We know that you will be glad that we
gave you the tip, as our work is always
so eminently satisfactory to every one
who brings a trial bundle here that they
arc our patrons always. Let the death
of the old year be the death knell of
saw-edge collars and badly laundered
linon.
N*6 saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 II A K SET STEEET.
Near Powell.
Phcne South 430.
*HNFANT5 1^
Fresh milk is good; fresh milk
and Mellin's Food is better.
Try it with your baby.
Whether you nurse your baby or use Mel-
lia's Food you will find our book, "The
Care and Feeding of Infants," very useful.
Simply write for u. It will be sent free.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
f^Holiday Gifts (ft.
1 EYE GLASSES V\
g OPERA GLASSES "Ml-
KODAKS M
And Other Urcfo! Articles.
43arke.t:Sx
PfllsrP DON'T FAIL TO
I aitlVv . , ee the beautiful
7*i COURT Loiinging
/I llfl Mi room.- th« EMPIRE
QUU PARLOR, ,the
' r J PALM ROOM, the
I If/111 (I LOUIS XV PAR.
11 1 1 dies: writing
I Hotels *q° m - I
je^^^ba MEHAWDWOMEH.
KjgSi&'VfrB.E.tF^&si Cio Big O for nnnatarai
j£*&yin 1 to 5 "Sir»/ta diichargei.lnflanimatioQi.
fi&mg Gursatred « irritations or ulceraiionl
K**! nai to ftr»otor». of mucous niembran*g.
TrmutM c»»u«ir». p»io>3i. and net aitria-
K»»Tii£EUHSCHEMICilGO. geat or poi*onoui.
Iflrtgk CIHCIHKITI.C.R^I Sold by Dracsriita,
VMM,- c.6.1. j&gUr or «ent in pUIn ¦wr»pp«T.
JiSBSjte^. >^rw by »xprc«». prepaid, for
h CircuU , iCCt 0B muertl
V ADVEETISEMENTS. . 5 1 '
SHAVE WZTH SAFETY
Use the Star Safety Razor, and you
avoid all . liability: of cutting your-
fielf and at the same time effect a
clean and pleasant shave. I'm sell-
ing them at cut prices, c | PZf\
Regular $2.00 values . €I>I««JVf
Other styles of Razors, flrte steel
and fully guaranteed, from. .^1.00 up
POCKET KNIVES, from. . 25o up
SCISSOBS, of good make, from
- . . . .25c up
Two bars -Williams'- Shaving Soap
....:..» — i5c
Orders by mall promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
# ; -•If.irF. Av. titts.> ' ¦
THE STATIONER
I0C8 MARKET ST.. Above Powell.
. SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ S3L AEBI 1KB fj Cared to STAY CURED. Caob
H O fi O Sfl ft """"I- H««Hh r~lored. As-
ntJl Ifl n ""P *Hni s ht, do « aj thln,r. r.
¦ " ¦ " ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ viTwbcn. No farther cr*4 oi
"•t iei »**: Bo<>k eO^FREE. Ninety wr^. »ll»h««l
A2IUSE2IENT3.
MATIIISZS
TO-MORROW. NEW YEARS I'AT AND
SATURDAY.
LAST THUEK NIGHTS OF
W. B. PATTON
Ar.d H:» Exc*!!*nt Ccmra.-.y In tfc; 13?a.j::f'-l
THE MINISTER'S SON
Beslnnirg Next Sunday Matin*^,
JOE KELLY. ',TtU I'ire rream-r." in
XHR HE AD VA/AITERS
1 PDIf r ? kvkninh?: no. he. r.rv. T5o
rnlt-J MATINKES 15c. 23c. * SWf
CRAIVD OPERA HOUSE -SPECIAL
THURSDAY EVENING. Jannarv T. 1001. at
8:13. anJ MONDAY AFTERNOON.
January 11. at 2:15.
Positively Farewell Tour.
M.M5. "CD A n IN IT
ADELLNA JET -C±u JL. JL JL
(THE BARCNES5 CEDEKSTUOM.)
Direction ROBEHT CRAtJ. Incorporated.
Manajfmem tSAUCVi R. MAYER.
SIUNOR ROMITALDO SAPIO. Conductor.
J2. J2 50. t": J4. $5 and W
Sale of s*at« will tejjin at thp bo» otfic? of
• the theater MOMUY MORNING. January ».
oi;t OF town mail ORDERS, icon- j
j pante-l by money or-lcr and ad'lr'Sised to H. H.
CAMPBELL. Treasurer Orar.d Opera -hou»i».
will b* f.l^d in tJte criier of th»ir rec>|n» and
srnts n??icn=-'i as near the desired locaUon as
possible.
STEINWAT PIANO U5-ED.
A T £~\ A. f~7 A TTi Ec^reo & Ma yet,
ALCAZAR sssax
General Manager.
i TO-NIGMT— MATS. SAT- AND SIX.
NEW YEARS MAT. TO-MORROW.
IRI I IF 7 i Escrrraro
U JLi <J JL-. ! ons at
I ¥7 A l^HC^ '' EIXTHrsiACa *
tf JJ/tlI^ I SIERRTttllSaT.
GREAT CAST— WONDERKUL REALISM.
Evenings. C5c to ~Z>c; Matin-es, 15c to 3Cc.
NEXT MONDAY- First Tine in Stock.
The Romantic Drama of a Century A50 by
Frances Hod^aon Burnett.
A LADY OF QUALITY
Julia Arthur's Oreatett 3ucc««j.
Market *t.. Near Ei6^th. Phone Scuth 523.
TO-NIGHT— NEW YEARS WEEK.
jhu. To- morrow, Saf. an^l Sun.
Magnificent Production of the Greatest cf All
Rural Iiramas.
THE DAIRY FARM.
Overflowing With Genuine American Wit and
Hum or.
. Spfcisl Ei);a<emer.t of
TONY WEST. THKOUOHE ROOK. SAR.VH
WARD. HELEN HARTLEY.
Who Have Appeared in the Famous Play Over
DDimC ' Evenine». . ." tOc to 3Os
TnlVCj Matinees 10c. 13c. 23c
'•' - "'-' " January 4— MOXTE CRISTO.
'""' lr ' nr in •Ortiai* »¦'
The «easen"3 greetings we extend
To 0'ir many friends *o true;.
Just make rour haopin»ss complet*
C - . By seeing —
The excruci»tin*ly funny musical comedy
'. ..'rtlll deUghtins thousand*.
Evenings ". 75c. We. 23c
Matln«-ea Saturday ar>d fundav T.ftc. 25j
Special Matinsc New Year's.
NEXT — OfJJL 2TEW SHOW,
BEAUTY SHOP"
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mails!
en Application.
FBSSH AZR> SALT MEATS.
IIC RflVCC * TO ShippfuK Butcher*. lfv»
JAj. DUlfcj U tV. Clay. Tel, Main 1234.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & CLLI3.
•US Front »t.. S. F. Phone Main 171».
PBUTTXSTO.
L C. HUGHES. 8U sZSZTE a. ,.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
¦ - H
10 Cents a Copy— $1.00 a Year— At Any Price the Best [l
FOR good short stories, fearless 1
.. articles on national questions, 1
I novels by noted writers, and 1
I beautiful pictures, McCLURE'S is I
j the best or all magazines — and j
I the cheapest. I
I The JANUARY McCLURE'S has A
I Ida M. Tarbell's Great Story of "Can the SOUTH solve the .-•'' The I'
I ROCKEFELLER NEGRO PROBLEM?" .. |
i which " is one of the most startling revela- A most important discus- o^ \ a " d P eccrn " [
13 . ** . JT* bcr numbers of !
|| tions that has come to the American people sion of this great question, o 1903— the first two '
g for a long while." by Carl Schurs of Volume 22 — win [
I "RED SAUNDER5." His three who> for over iov^ '¦££ be . scnt fr ; c with a iub ' j
1 strange pets and the fresh bulldog. The fun- years.hasstudicd o^J-P-^^ gi^g
I niest story Henry Wallace Phillips m aU lts 9 dollar to s.s. Mcci^e Co.. I+4
I has written. Pictures by A. B. Frost. I P hases - ..-'" East 25th Street, New York, N. v. I
7 Charming Short Stories -Cover by /*-
I Jessie Willcox Smith— 4 Great Articles. /Address. g
\ m I1LMJ1II1I M _ HM _ MB _—^, M —•----J—™*,-^^!^^
AMUSEMENTS. .
MATINEE TO-DAT (THfRSDATV Dec. 31.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c. Chil-
dren, any part except Reserved. 10c|
SECOND and LAST WEEK o; the
GREAT ORPHEUM
ROAD SHOW
CHANGE OF PROGRAMME
And Augmented by
Victor— MOORE and LI HLEMELD— Emma
In an Amusing and Original Creation.
SPECIAL MATINEE NEW TEAR'S.
HT THE LAUGHING HIT.
M ARE Just the \
I y YOU 1\anz ' a
0 A New Year's s| j
n MASON? Ev <- i\
ra Special Matinee To-Morrow. y |
|M Sunday— HAPPY HOOLIGAN.
THIS WEEK AND NEXT TVEEK!
MATINEE TO-MORROW
AnJ Saturday.
Charles Frohman PrPf-nts Clyde Fitch's Best
THE GIRL WITH
THE GREEN EYES.
Next Week— Last times of this brilliant com-
edy of wit and sentiment.
NOTICE— Seats win be on sale NEXT
MONDAY for the production of Ibs-tTs
•GHOSTS." to be seen on SUNDAY NIGHT.
January 10. 1
January 11— MRS. LAXGTRT. |
. , ; I
__— . ' '
B I Y*W/L.I HOUSE.
MIRTH AND MELODY!
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle.
IXIONj
Or "THE WEEEIiJTAN."
A Mythological ' Musical Extravaganza in
Thren Acts.
Sea Both well Browne's Beautiful Ballets.
SntTlal Matinee New Tear'».
UStTAL POPULAR P.RICICS— 25<\ 6Oc and 75c j
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Scats $1 00
Higrh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening- in the Thoroughly '
Heated Theater.
TO-NIGHT— I
GALA AMAT6UR PERFORMANCE
Conclude With
NEW LIVING PJCTURES
Presents from the Christmas Tree for All ChH-
• dren This and To-morrow Afternocjis.
ADMISSION 10c j CHILDREN 5c
When Phoning Ai«k for "Th* Chutes."
Racing f^^^^'fiacintr!
E VERT, 1VEEK DAT. RAIN* OP. SH1XE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUR
INGLBSIDE TRACK
Commencing MOXDAT. December 14.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. sharp.
Reached by ctreetcar from any part of tUe city.
Train leaves Third and Tcwnsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track immediately
after the last race. No »mokin(r ia last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies aad Utelr
escorts.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM3. President. .
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
%A NEWf
fWA V%
fl TO BUY I
ij/FIAJ^oJl
< | Investigate carefully ]| I
our new rent contract fl ¦
plan. (It binds us, but \
does not bind you), j
i| We allow for payments I
¦ ; as low as $6.oo per I
month, and there is ab- j
solutely nothing in the |
i contract that an honest I
man can "object to. I
Every stipulation is; I
clear, means just what J
"'; it says, and is easily I
understood. Any piano I
in our store, from our I
$150 leader up to
our $2000 Stein way
Grands, can be pur-
chased on this rent
contract plan. We have
absolutely one price
and one system of do- j
I ing business, thus in- J
suring safety to all j
purchasers. I
Sherman, Clay
& CO , jjj
X SutterandKearnySts.S.F. mlINGLESIDE RACETRACK, Wednesday, Dec. 30.— Weather cloudy. Track fatt.
S57O. FIRST ItACE— Futurity «ou«e; tellirg: a» ,age«; ,»a!ue to flrgt. >32k J ¦ ¦: J;
Index I Horsa.and OwtierTT 7wt|StT Wj""- »4. %, Stf. Ftfl. i Jockey.' I Op. Cl.
C324 Troy. « ( V. Gllbn-* . . ..103 « .;.* :i"n 3n 2^1 '«• 'iHUdet>r»n<J |* 5 6
P5&S Oro Viva, 3 (Ward & Kin*).. 103 8 ... % n 4 1^1 14 2 SHi^r^a ....I 2 l»-B ,
"- 1 "* Yellowstone. 4 <\V. V. Bn«». 112 7 ... IOn'8 1 4, \» * J^IHoar .:.... 1© »«
5504 Hilary, a (Piedmont Stable) 108 J ... 1 $ ¦ 1 h- 2 1^4 % J. JJartln..* 7 12
T.475 Floriana Belle, g (R. 'Milter). SS • ...' 5 li 6 1%6 Mi £ V» Kmuz ..... J2 30
.15*7 Star.darfl. 2 tU. Z. d» Arman) H3 II ... U«!9h IH lU t>o»e ..... 3 .1
B5ia Fifst Chip. 3(O. A. Crandall) 108 3 ".». 12 1 11 A * » lft? % Donovan ..8 8
j 5548 Mary Dunn. 2 <Ben<ier & Co.) 8S| 8 ... « Vi 7 ti « 1 . 8 1»£!R. CoUman .60 1CIO
MS0 Toltec. 2 (University Stable) 93;13 ... 2 \' t 2 2 ft 2 0 2 IVander&out 40 6l>
BS.W B. Ilosewater. 3 tNicholls). . 10511O ...13 ¦ XR 112 10 2 |BeU .......J ft **
B402 No Friend. 3 (H. Stovef) 10.'. | 9 .,. ft 2 » 2 10 n ft 12 Connell ,.'.| 20 1C»
5504 Honeysuckles (Frisco Stable) 1O5U3 ... 8 it t2 6 12 d 12 X}»|W. Dufaa. . 12 »?»
54S0 laie Hawaiian. 2 (rigoro Sta 88) 4 . . . 4» 5 1 13 U lW.t>alj-..[ » }i
TUne— :24%. -:40?i. l:ll 14. At post 3 minuter OfT mt 2:06. Troy. »>lace. 2; show. \.
Viva, plac», lj show. 1-2. Tfel!owstcn« show 2. Wlonef, ch. «f. fcy Sh«ntioi»-Lu»v» IV.
Trained fcy V. Gilbert. Scratched— Miss Vera. Start pood, c Won. Cleverly. • S«eoad And
J ..third driving. Oro Viva was . badly . bumped hy JToy belaw »he pa<Jd»ck. Yslltmstoee
closed well. Hilary grabbed at a bone aiut crawled into Ills kennel. Standard weak
_^l>'_handjcd._ Fifst Chip away poorly; »-lJi Jo «ooi. ' _ __ •_ _ _•_ ¦ 1 _ _ u ;
557 f. SECOND RACE— EIk furlong;; purae; «wo-year»old»; value to flint. >325.
> " d6X '¦'..•' HorB> and Qwner - l wt st - '«« ' H-,' ?t» ' str - I ' Jockey." ]"op?'"Cl«
0305 Rockaway (Burns & Watrhse) US J ... "2 A 2 1 1 b 1 >; '|Burn» ..... ?-2« 3-»
5535 Otto Stifel (B. Scfcrrfber).... 115 4 ... 1111 23 2 2^ Bo!«n<J .... « »«
<r,tH») /udgt (Ml J. Daly> ..118 3 ... 3 h "3 ty S S »2 fJ. PaJy .. '* 11-2
AA47. Anlrad (Mrs. 3. ,Coffej» ....103 S ... 4 =»« 4 1^5 2 4 ns illlMefcrand '•» 10i»
.C5.55 Lonl Wadaworth Ill T ... 8 % 5 4 4 »V> •'« |Bell 15 15
fiS-'B yolanus «Jennlng« & Co.>... 108 0 ... « 2*W n rt 4 «4 |.f. Martin.. 9 \0
¦ .... Creole JlnjMR. A, SmlthK... I08| » ... Th Tn Si 78 |Umn .... 4» 50
; 54flg Vhoa pill IM. O. Eppinger>. !CS| 8 ... 8 » SB It?. Ke»y.,. ._!* 30
Time— :24!;. r :*Si;. 1:»4. ,«.t post 2 minut««. Off at ?:5S. Hockaway. tJace. 1-1: show.
J-10. Stifel. p!ac» 5-2; show. 4-5. Ju<Tk*\ thow. 2-5. Wtnfier, ch. c. *y «\!tam»s«
Recreation. Trained by. C. T. Patterson. Start good. Won hand ridden. Second and
third drivinjf hard. Ilocfcaway hard ridden from the B«art and lucky to win. He rai»
like no Hindoo. Judge ran cut in the etretcn. i.ord Wadswort!i «vitfooted, SoUnus
' ¦_ fan do better. - . ,
W»72. THlUD TtACt>-Futt:rity ccurae; sejUng; all ages;_valMe t'o flmt. *325.
Indei ' Horse andOynerl' ' : |W7~3t. »^. '»4. r "%."at'r'. Fitn. j JocktyV . [ " ©r>! "~c£
B521 Jennie Hughes, if Hugl»es)."llOS 1 ...Jn .IV » 2 " 1 H IHUdebra'nd I 1O* 10
<3524) Mountebank, a. <Keatlng)...;llil ft ... 4 2 4 \ 4 Vi'i ns J Martin..! C-3 B-2
4907 iPlanct. 2 (Parker A C«.»....| 03 7 ... '3 % 2 n 5 u 3 tis Oonnell ... « V-. « "
C44S |V«!ma Clark, 5 4McAlester>..|10S ?. ... Tn 6 l»i« 2 4 h. Burns ?-2 fi
f.548 i.ureue. < <\V. L. I'rltchartl) . . iai « ... » 2 1 2V 2 t »i 0 »i Lar?*n .... 1.1 20
S<9» Atwood, 2 il!eialngray» , 06 » ... 8 «i 5 2^5 -?4 fi3 J. Jones... 5-2 H-S
5548 PiffefTescencf. 2 <CofT»y> S3 4 ... 6 % JS 7 4 # 4 W. DaJy .. H» 15
.... Kcne. -t <Lamasncy Bro*.}.. 1C<1 12 ... 12 12 1<» '.j * 2 Watson ... C» ' iii»
.... Tom KIngsley m. (Wiater». . . : 10S 10 ... 10 G 10 5 9 n »l*iC Kelts' .. JO Tt(»
C512 CapUtate. u (P. HHdreth). ... 1«S !• ... ft 2 9 2 11 1 10 ?« iBel! 1* £0
....Homily. 3 (C. T. Hensha'.l).. 1CS S ... !)D K n -Ji 14H l'i'J. Da!y ... 5O 100
CiStf Atta G. a-iMra. Hertaell)... ¦ 100|ll .. . 11 2 H 1 12 _ 12 \it. Smtth.. 30 ICQ
Time— :24V->. :4»}i, l:\iy,'. At post 1 minvtt*. Off at 2:S9. Hughes', plate, 3; show. 2-2.
>Zount*bank. place. 1; shew t-2. flaqet, show C-S. Winner, ch. tn by ftadne-Au
r*lia II. Trained ftr William Murry. Start good. W»p first #1« driving hard. Win
. ncr well rldtfcn. Matxntet>«nV waa t>other*<t some th* last part, which did not Improve
W chances: Planet *"«« v.*i! {>i«yed. Velma Clark, late In aetting a front seat. I.vj
_xene^uUwhi!e galloping. Atwood lao a fair racs.
¦i^r.lt FOITRTH RACE— Mile artd »0 yards; setllngr 3-yea»-olfls and op; value to first, S325.
Index'l Horse and Owner. " |ir«|St." >4. %. ¦'*',. Str. Fin. I ' Jockey. |" C». cT
S50? Arthur Ray. 4 (J. Clayton).. 105 6 IhTi S! i fl-il n |Ha»c% ....', 14 . 12
H549 Expedient. ' C (t». E Smith}... 104 8 8 8 "8- <1 2 i% «rtt ........ • 15
MM Dotterel. 3 (F. J O'Rourfce).. »0 2 J !i 6 ?i 6 % ii %i » 1% Kun* ...*., 1O -20
5536 I.upar. <5 tW. McLemore). .. . 99| 7 9 i»4« * Vi * J%-» * Varsen ....' &-5 «-»
r.504 El Fonse. 5 (C. P. Fink) toil I ? 'i 2 !j 1 « " »' • "i J. Mtitla. . . • 10
<.'.5S«);El Orlente. 5 (W. J. SptersJ. 107 8 ?S 5 1 3 n 7 2 R2 Burns ..... 11-9 T-S
MM [Cougar, a (Boots & Co.).... 1071 4 21 lh 23 6&?1%C. K«lly ..j * 3
5536 IStep Around. 3 (Devin & Co>. 00| » 1 % 3 Vj 7 1 9 9 |Hilo>brand I t>* 0
Time — :24Vi. :4!Mi. l:15^j. 1:42%; 1;46*4. At post. 4 minute*. Off at 3:25. Ray, place.
5; show. 8-5. Expedient, place, 6; show, 3. Dotterel, show. 3. Winner, b. h. by No
mad- Vloletta. Trained by P. S. Rickman. Scratched — Tonopah, Pat Morrlssey. Lapldus.
Caronal. Diderot. Start* fair. Woy first three, driving. Arthur Ray received a strong
ride. Expedient would have won. in. another stride or two. Lunar looked ft false fa
vorite. Her previous race did not warrant such a short price. El Orients oft badly.
Cougar quit. Step Arouad cut off.
5574. FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; all ages; value to first, $425.
Index! ~ Horse 'and Owner. |Wt|St. V* . (%. %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op." Cl.
5537 San Nicolas. 4 (Burns & W.) 117| 2 1 h 2 1^1n 1 a 4 1 1>4 Bell 2 2
5405 Iridius. 3 (\V. B. Jennings). 117 o 2 \ 1 h 2 2 2 % 2 ns J. Martin.. 2 5-2
5537 D Hayman, 3 (McLemore). 105 IB 54»;45 3n Lowe fi 6
(5537) Kenllworth. 5 (H. Stover).. 125 4 4 \(, 3 »4 3 2&3 1 4« Burns 8-5. 9-5
47C7 |J. H. Bennett, 3 (Romigh).. 1C0 5 3 % 4 2',S5 5 5 ILarsen 1 50 20o
Time — :24. . :48H. l'lStf. 1:20. At post 1 minute. .Off at 3:52. Nicolas, place. 7-10; show,
1-4. Iridius.* place, 7-10: show. out. Hayman show. 2-5. Winner, blk. h. by Reggie-
Vlrglnla Dare. Trained by C. T. Patterson. Start good. Wen cleverly. - Second, third
and fourth driving hard. San Nicolas was a genuine coffee cooler to-day. With a
stronger fide Dolly Hayman would have been second. Kenil worth stood on his perch
! and looked ' wise, like the smart bird he is. Bennett did well.
,"r»7.""». SIXTH RACI2 — One mile; selling; two- year- old3; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWt[St. U- %• ""i. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op.' Cl. .
.1511 |Red Cross Nurse (Brown)... 95 1 12 11 11 11 In IHildebrand | 4 2
5502 I Avenger (J. F. SchorrV .... 10« 2 2 h 4 4 2 1 21 2 10 Burns 4 5
(547«5)!Ebony aiamilton Stable) 103 5 4 3 2h 32 3 4 S3 J, Martin.. 4-5 3-2
55.19 Cheney (U '/-.. de Arman) \<X 4 5 2 5 1 5 3 4 V % 4 8 Bell 15 25
55<J2 Instructor (Boots & Co.) 106 3 3 1 3 \i, 4 % S 5 5 5 C. Kelly ..5 9
5507 Thank Haven (R. H. Clark). .| Ml B C 6 «- C B Kunz 10 la
Time :25,- :49H. 1:15. I:4l1i. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:15. Nur*e, place. 3-5; show. -
out Avenger pla'ce 7-5; show, 1-2. Ebony, show. 1-4. Winner, ch. f. by Prince
Rudolph-Accident. Trained by Harry Glover. Scratched— Celebrant. Start bad. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner off Hying. Avenger kept Nurse busy at
the close. Ebony no, chance with start. Instructor apparently no account.
Ex-Justice Ralph Harrison was for
mally appointed Commissioner to suc
ceed the late John Haynes by the Su
preme Court Justices yesterday. Tha
new appointee will begin work to
morrow.
Is Appointed Commissioner.
James E. Dougherty v.as booked at
the City Prison yesterday by Detec
tives Regan and O'Connell and Police
man La Grange on a charge of bur
glary. He is accused of s/eallng
clothes and lead, pipe from rooms in
the Brunswick House, on Sixth street.
He was caught leaving the place with,
a bundle containing stolen articles.
The bundle was held as evidence
against him.
Accused of Burglary.
TJKIAH, Dec. SO. — The six-year-old
daughter of J. E. Wilcox was burned
to death Tuesday morning at'Muir's
rjill, near Willits. The child was play-
Qg around the stove and her clothes
caught ftre. The little girls screams
were heard by her mother, who tried
to tear the burning garments from
the child. The girl was so badly
frightened that she broke away from
her mother and ran from the house.
The mother, who was badly burned,
was overcome by shock, and the little
one was caught by some neighbors
and the flames extinguished. The
girl was so badly burned that she died
shortly after a doctor arrived. This
is the second child that has been
burned to death in Wllllts during the
last few months. th& accidents beins
almost identical.
Fettle Girl's Clothes Take Fire While
She Is Playing Around Stove ia
Her Parent's Home.
C«wstTQCton Want to He AUowod to
Build Fooudxtloa for Mare Isl»od
Drydock tntle* Mater.
VAX.I»EJO. Itec. 30.— inforriation ha*
been received at Mare Island that th«
Atlantic, Pacific and Culf Company,
which has tfc*> contract for bijildlnj; a
dr>-docli at the navy yard. 5Iare Isl
and, has ro»de a request to the Navy
Department that It be permitted to
modify it* contract so as to build th?
foundation for the dock unJer wat«r
instead of constructing a cofferdam
«nd doln* the work dry. Several -fbf
ferdams have fceen constructed an>t
raising «re»f Iojs to^th*
company, and th« plea is ms«* *hat 't
Wili be almost imooasKi.'r to build r
«ajisfactory cofferdam; ' A dryCock wag
fc»ilt ia Japan ic the ray yropoaei 1 and
is eaid to be satttfac'.ory. Pear -kd-
Tniraf Endicott ( h^s not yet decided
what ac^on he will .aka on the com
pany's reojiest.
';-¦.¦¦'."¦ » ? ¦
SIX-YILMt-OLD CHILD
IS BURNED TO DEATH
ASKS TO BE I'i'Jfl^ilTTED
XO MODKTt THE COXTRACT
BurMnsame Country Club in it3 beau
tiful ; eWing of «Teen will be U mass of
light and color to-night and will re
sound with 'music *nd gayety. Th«
Year's eve »»11, <he most notabla
social «ffair ot %he Burlingarne seaacm.
will attract many society people from
tnls city andl San Mateo.
The t e«tivi<ie» to-night will Tfcarfc th«
opening ot thfe« days of high-class
sport* of the field. The initial faffle of
the midwinter polo tournament will *•
played to-mofrotr at 3 o'clock on Fran
cla J. CaroUh'» Cros»w»ys Farm fltlj
for valuable cups presented" fty the Bur
lingaane CTub.
On Saturday ft lar»e field of hor««
m*n »3 esweted to turn out for th«
m«et of th« gao ifateo County ITuat
t>raghourd» ere »howin« «xcej
ter.t scott this i«i»on.
; On Sunday the coftcludin* «aine ot
; the polo tourcament will be played ca
I the club fl*M
Artistic Clubhouse Will Be the
Scene of the Most Xotab?»
Social Kvent «f tht Se»soa
NEW YEAR'S EVE GAYET1
Interesting Series of Matches
Will Be Played on the Bur
ling-ame Country Cub Field
POLOISTS PLAN
HOLIDAY GAMES
. I»J NAPA, ' Dec. - 30. — Alfred ¦ Christensen. cap
tain : of -. the . »chooner G. W. Me Hf ar, " ¦ was
drowned L tn ' t*>e ' N»Da River, above '¦ the draw
bridgp.-: Mi»s A.- Fischer of San Francisco, has
offered a reward for. the recovery of the body.
« Mrs. William P. Buckingham will
give two readings before the Papyrus
Club; at • Elks' } Hall this Afternoon at \
3 o'clock. All the members of the or- 1
ganization are requested to be present.
Will Give Two Readings.
Mabel Tyler sued Edwin Gates yes
terday fcr $10,000 damages for al-
Jeg-ed' betrayal und<?r promise of mar.
rlngc. She &a:s she became the vic
tim of his v/ile? and oft-repeated
promises last November.
Makes Charge Against Gates.
; Tlie Board of Bank Commissioners
} issued a license yesterday for. the es-
J tablishment of the Contra Costa
i County Bank at Black Diamond. The
new institution, which is, capitalized
1 at J 50,000, will open its doors for
I business Januaiy 2. D. A. Bender has
j been elected president of the bank,
I M. Cody vice president, and G.Va
[ dero secretary and cashier.
ls«ues Ucense for Xcw Bank.
Says McRae Evades Judglnent.
P. B. Nagle Jr., assignee of a*judg
ment for $158 obtained by /Richard
It iordan. against Donald "McRae, t£e
furniture ;man,. brought^ .^an "action
against Me Rae^ yesterday to have the"
Donald- McRae;.' Furniture .Company
placed jmttie" hands of * a" receiver. -He
claims Jthat McRae, to avoid, paymen t
of 'th"e ; judgment, • transferred "all ¦ of
his assets to the , company,' arid i. ;' ; ac-.
cu?es hirri of attempting Ub defraud
his creditor. •
The Azaleas Club of this city will
hold a grand masquerade ball at
Foresters' Hall. 1322 Howard street,
to-night. There will be an amateur
cakewalk. The floor will be in charge
of Harry Benson, assisted by J.
Miley, T. Kennedy, R. Morrelli, P.
Muldoon and R. Duffy.
Will Give Masquerade.
Henry Herman, an employe of the
Central Mill Company at 24 Tenth
street, was instantly killed in the mill
yesterday by a. flying stick of wood
that- fractured his skull. He was-en
gaged at about 8 o'clock yesterday
morning in sawing strips with
the machine rip-saw and a stick of
Wood an Inch thick and a ; foot long
broke off and .buried Itself for- about
ah", inch 'in* his forehead.
'¦: : Herman was unmarried, a native of
Germany and 31 years old. ,
Killed in a. Sawmill.
Louis Borner was thrown from an
express wagon at the crossing of
Eighteenth and Tennessee streets yes
terday afternoon. The wagon was
struck by an electric car which was
coming down the incline. Border's
injuries, which were slight, were
dressed at.the Potrero Hospital by Dr.
Painter, after which he was sent to
his home at 913 Treat avenue.
Thrown From a Wagon.
A jury in Justice of the Peace Van
Xosirnnd's court gave judgment yes
terday in favor of Justices' Clerk
George McComb, who was jointly
sued with former Justices' Clerk Ed
Williams by A. Foster to recover $146
on a promissory note executed by
Williams and indorsed by McComb.
His defense was ¦ that the original
note, indorsed by some one else, had
not been destroyed. The note was in
troduced fts an exhibit in the . case*
Default judgment was given against
Williams for $146 principal and $31
interest... -' i • -v'
on Promissory X'otc.
The annual entertainment of the
Third Congregational Sunday School
was held last night at Sunnyside Hall
before a large audience.' A pleasing
programme was rendered by the chil
dren of the school. Two short
sketches entitled "Country Cousins'*
and "The Bull," were exceptionally
good.' v Among those who took part in
the entertainment were Elizabeth
Morlan, Ida Thompson and Ros3 Bur
nett.
1 _|wy «¦<—'¦» i ~mtf»jEuis% _~^*^ r "^^J^itjPTOiiS3j | g* ; y
Children ns Entertainers.
Mission Camp, Woodmen of the
World, tendered a reception last night
to Head Consul F. A. Falkenburg in
the Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building., There were between 500 and
600 ladies and geiftlemen to welcome
the visitor, jvho was escorted into the
hall by the uniformed team of the
camp. He was received with loud ap
plause. After an address: of welcome
by Past' Consul Commander P. P. Me-
Elroy, the. guest of the evehlng.'made
response and . then followed , the pre
sentation of fifty applications, ad
dresses by M. Tilden and David Oliver, 1
editor of t the Pacific Woodman ; the
presentation of a parade sword to
Captain ' Steuart of the team, a pro
gramme of music and dancing. .
Keceive the Head , Consul.
Consolidation Announced.
A circular has been issued from
the local office of the Rock - Island
road formally announcing the con
solidation of the local passenger and
freight department of that company
with those of the, 'Frisco line, to take
effect on January 1. Harry Xeed
ham,' Pacific ' Coast agent of 'the
'Frisco line, who. it was expected,
would enter the employ of /the
Rock Island Company after the ab
sorption of the other office, has re
signed his position and will go to
Lios Anseles. where he is to engage in
private business.
' — « ? « — ' . r'f
The Young Men's Christian Associa
tion night school for men and working
boys will commence its winter term
next Tuesday evening, January 5. The
opening address will be gi\ren by Rab
bi Voorsanger of Temple Emanu-El
in the association auditorium at 8
o'clock. The admission will be free
to all young men who 'may desire to
hear Dr. Voorsanger's practical ad
dress. His subject will be "A Young
Man's Opportunity."
Rabbi Voorsanger to Speak.
PROBABLE . VMITHEItS.
• First race — Emily Oliver, Nullah,
Maraschino.
* Second race — Dick Turpin, Military
Man, Dr. Bowcll. • . . :
Third race — Aunt Polly, Matt Hojran,
Iionls Warner.
Fourth race—Jockey Club, Colonel An
derson, Lacy Crawford.
Fifth' race— Burnie Buaton, Arabo.
Olennevis.
, Sixth race — Jane Holly, Caronal,
Heather Honey. ¦..•*'»
Edwin Hayden sued the United
Railroads yesterday for 55115 dam
ages for injuries received by a fall
from a car on East street last Oc
tober.! He says the accident was
caused by the sudden starting of ' a
car he was ,; about' to board. Ida
Steckman wants S3600 damages from
A. Iiepsold & Co. of the California
Market for hurts received by ¦ her a
few .weeks ago.it 'She says a, door to
a sidewalk elevator, controlled by -the
defendants fell and struck her right
leg, bruising and mangling it.
Dnmase Suits Filed.
The men have been working in the
zoo at the Chutes and for some time
bad blood has been_ existing- between
them regarding the*- duties they had
to perlorm. Gillin was the night
watchman and Moody fed the animals
in the daytime. Last night they met
as the show was closing and angry
words were followed by a scuffle, in
which Gillin was cut. He will prob
ably recover. -
John j Gilhn, an employe at the
Chutes, jwas slabbed in the neck last
night by Jim Moody, a fellow employe,
and now lies at the French Hospital in
a precarious condition. After the stab
bing Gillin was taken to the hospital
and Moody took to the woods in
Golden Gate Park.
John GHHn Is Slabbed* in the X'cck
by Jim Moody, a Fellow "5
AXIMAL KEEPERS FIGHT
IX ZOO AT THE CHUTES
The decision was brought about bv
mandatory proceedings taken by
George McCord against the Secretary
of State. McCord sued for a writ of
mandate compelling Curry to issue to
the M<_Cord Oil and Development
Company a certiQcate cf incorpora
tion. Curry had refused the certifi
cate on the ground that the articles of
incorporation had been certified to
before Notary Public Charles Edel
man, who, ho claimed, was not a no
tary at the time of the certification.
He ba.<=ed Ms refusal on the ground
that Edelman had only been appoint
ed to fill the uncxpired term and
signed the document after the four
years' term of his predecessor had ex
pired.-
In a decision rendered by Judge
Bloas yesterday in the case of George
n. McCord against Charles F. Curry,
Secretary of State, the court holds
th-jit the appointment of a notary pub
lic entitles him to the office for four
years. He holds that there are "no
unexpired terms" of notaries, and
that therefore a man appointed a
notary shall serve for four years from
the dr.to of his appointment,, and not
the length of time remaining under
the commission of his predecessor.
Judj-e SIoss Dot-ides That the Com
mission of Predecessor Has Xo
Bearing <>» Xcw Appointment.
NOTARIKS ARE APPOINTED
FOIL TERM OI 1 FOUR YEARS
Artemisia Wilkins, wife of J. M.
Wilkins of the Cliff House, filed a pe
tition in insolvency yesterday in the
United States District Court. Her lia
bilities are $39,129, secured by two
notes payable to John Sroufe. She has
for assets stock in the James M. Wil-.
kins Company of the market value of
$760. Her husband filed a petition
last Monday, alleging; an indebtedness,
of $38,770 to John Sroufe on two
promissory notes.
Mrs. AVilklns Fails.
HOT BPR1XGS. Ark.. Dec. 30.— It is
reported that the promoters of the
Hot Springrs Jockey Club have decided
to abandon plans for a midwinter race
meeting and instead offer inducements
for a_meeting to begin February 27
to last twenty days*.
Hot Springs liares Postponed.
NEW OHLILWS HACK RESULTS.
NEW OKL.KANS, Dec. — Cresoent City
results:
First rac*. one mile. s«llinc— Jake Weber
v.-nn. J.->ha Coulter f^cend, Ithian third. Time,
1 :."<> ::-.Y
J->cond race, one nnd a quarter miles, seli
in?—Boaster vran.- Malay pecend, Mary Moore
tlltrd. Timp, 2:0s ."!-5.
Third race, five furlongs, handicap — Agnes
Brvnnan won, Allista second, Komombo third.
Time. 1:01.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards —
f"8i>t3in Gp.ines won, L*e Kin? second. Bard
«f Avon third. Time. 1:46 1-5,
Kifili rac<-. six furlong* — Big Ben won,
Psrif-ienpe second. Invincible third Time
1:13 rs-5. "
Sixth rarf, one mile pnd seventy yards
Khaki won, Henry of Franstamar second Om
More third. Time. 1 :4fi.
Collector of. Customs Stratton was
advised yesterday by Assistant Secre
tary of the Treasury R. B. Armstrong
that products of Cuba, previously im
ported, for which no permit to deliver
has been issued, are subject to the
provisions of the Cuban reciprocity
treaty if entered or withdrawn after
midnight of December 26, 1903. The
treaty went into effect by the act of
December 17, 1903, and provides for a
reduction of 20 per cent from the reg
ular tariff, rates on all products of the
republic of Cuba. The reduction ap
plies alike to those goods now in bond
ed warehouse and those not entered
for consumption until after the 27th
Inst. -">•¦ •::•¦¦¦:
Cuban Reciprocity in Force.
Children- Entertained.
The Christmas entertainment of the
Franklin-street Presbyterian Sunday
school was held in Lodge Hall last
night. The room was crowded with
the children of the school and their
friends. The programme was a novel
one, including the parts. "A Christma3
Crusade," "The Fairies' Quest for
Santa," "The Witches* Brew" and
"Winding the Arctic Pole." The tots
who assisted in the rendition of the
programme played their parts well
and were rewarded by vociferous and
well-merited ' applarse.
Sixth race — One mile and 50 yards; ,f or all
aura; 'selling:. ¦ ¦
5550 Jane Holly (Yeager) ......108
6527 Heather Honey (Leach & Co.) U«
5512 *Carc:naI (Chappelle) 1<W
5527 *Gorgal«>tte (Fitzgerald) f>5
5W!) G. W. '.Irahcrn (Kentucky Stable) 10.1
5562 Virginia Boy (Winter & Co.). ........ 00
•Apprentice allowance.
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles; 3
year-olds and upward; selling-. ¦ ¦¦
'5551 'Jockey Club (Fisher) 102
5515 •Prestolus (Devin & Co.) 91
Mattle Clark (Daytcn & Co.) ««
5.V59 Diamante (Spiers) 1C7
6531 »Laoy Crawford (Sehrelber) »1
F5«S *Ro3ari<» (Chappelle)..'. 102
5473 McGrathiana Prince (Oxnflrd)... 1(«
t:olonel Andeisan (Fitzgerald) ,107
6051 StUicho (Jennlnrs) 102
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs; for all
apes; purse. ,
R5.H0 Egyptian Princess (O'Rourke). 10>
.1502 Glennevis (Durker) 11
54(!0 Arabo (Jennings) 11
5. r >02 N^rvator f Boots &. Hollenbeck) 112
Bunnle Bunton. (Newman) lit
5571 Rockaway (Burns & Waterhouse) S)S
O'Hagen (Doss) Ill
5120 GUssando (Komlgh) HI
0524 'Florlnel II (Hoag) 1C5
Negotiate for International Meet.
NEW HA VEX. Conn.. Dec. SO.—Xe
potiations will probably be resumed
this winter between Yale nnd Harvard
and the English universities, Cam
bridge and Oxford, looking to a dual
International track athletic meting
in England next summer. Yale, it is
understood, stands ready to enter
such a meet as last year and js only
waiting for the Harvard team to join
the movement. Las»t spring Harvard
declined to go to England after Yale
had made arrangements for the meet.
BERKELEY. Dec. 30. — The seco--i
eleven of the football squad of UL*
I'niverrity of California left this
morning for Fresno, where they will
play the Se*.na team, charnpiT*ris of
the Valley Football League. /2" he team
will. have two days In which to prac
tice and become accustomed to the
change df climate before the game.
The eleven Fill line up against the
Selma men in the following order:
Kittrelle. captain and left half; Ris
ley, right half; Boynton. ."ullback;
Geary, quarter; Henry, left t.-J; Bush,
left tackle; Gray, left guard; Taylor,
renter; Heed, right guard; Henry
Howard, right tackle; Coogan, right
end.
I'ootball litres of the University of
California Will Meet Champions
of Valley League.
beooxd i:li:vf:.v goks
to play kel3ia team
Ilnl:oay ftnkf, fifty-Fix .cirfrit»-t* Doris vs.'
«"orn'^u<--: Olob"fel, vs. Fatr ¦" lJt»«; Ru"*t
ApfMi vs. Kaplc: MikI#> IJ«il» ns^-U":' TIup8»e:
I'.pp** Hill vs. Iianalcai»r*T; Anchor v*.VHad
<-.:r.^i<in: klcHeory r?. <m«ffa, Tnel?»]a'. : ; vs.;.
A;t1" f?lossom; Concord Tt**^* vf. S*f. I>oii*s
Day; liuiTy On vs=. Flora Timirtc; Orslna' Vs.
K'-anic Rsy.'njr Glanr^r v*. Ur.>e «|. - <»<»!<!;
Flaurt vs \3laM «.f «h^ Glen- Don Veritss n,
J>ord <;off. PikT vs. A'.x)fliend TJeJle; Htilsrn
v«. Kiobe; Sir Pa^ha ». Jeck Short; Ph««J<iw
v«. «'larice: Torah vf. Ad^anc« «Jaa:«I;
Mountain Tdct vs. Agitator. Maple
f-'tuff vm. Haby Aurora: Progresno vs.
Kniin lipy; Pepper Jack vs. foncol'd Roy;
'"'uftf-r \s. U\y Wrish;: L'.'.ac vs. Colored
.*'-dy; Blark Boy vs. Harlean Gladys; Meiltn
wood vs. Comstock; iirilliancy vs. Free From
rian.
Inaugural «harr.i>:cn t-Ako. fourteen <*.trle* —
Haphczard vs. John Hccnan: iieai Article v.«.
Hoses! • ? ohn; Uambit ve. Northern KxprcF*;
Kull Moon •¦"£. iieVefi IWtor «f. Aijvandan;
fair Traiee v »iot:nt Ko*»>; Mi AinigO Vy.
\ikmp. • ••
Open rliLke, forJ.v-»fr!'.t («tn"f— Vaada} va,
«¦<-•!•*¦; Fcnii vs. *inl<J c.haln; HaddTfiglon \g.
}i<-<\ flock: If is 1 Botti v* Roman AliitetP: Jon-
Hill vs. CrawiorJ Btllf; Mali ol the tllea V«.
Tojcas •Ili 1 . K.nin TJrj »*. Texas lloo Hoci^ ?fa
Lion *¦. I.aush!r.»! VV«J»rj Kiiyemao <•». \<t
\Hticf- ijiiaifl; I'ffi^' lavk ** Advertiser; l&tBm
riftla \f. <;i<il>effi!; #;|v<»r 4n«iud irrxtX't'lrw-
Fides; Gihnorc <J;rI *«. f«ir tJltxii''Jin*l<? H?i1s
\^. l\'*Agcwoo6 ; Pepper tUJJ %e. iJt-aew; Ilicii
iird Anton u Roekt* .Vrm; »"jij*m>ja; -vs. Tree
From Flaw: .-.rit»r.>f tw. l>pfa t 5 ; H«Tft»de;
Arachc VS. Trt>'«-* I?o» : Ruby Saafcfy Vf. Snap-
I«-r t^titoua; fta<-ins Aut<i '.s. ' i'.iiy. -WrlcJit ;
Xinlx- vs. Som:n-onfui>: I.tttlo f : i#te'r"vs. Moon
tain P<.^t; llr.nrr M;ifk Vs. L»bpr»tor. .
Judge P. J. Reilly Will be in the
saddle and James F. Grafe rvi«l h.tii
*dle c the "slips" as usua!. Th« draw
last nighl resulted as follows;
Ugion Coursing Park will reopen
to-morrow under new management
with a special fifty-six dog holiday
stake. This will be run in its entire
ly to-morrow. The park will remain
closed on Saturday. ' On Sunday a
champion event an'i a forty-eight dog
open siake will make up the card.
The 118 greyhounds entered will run
for a total o? $l£&0.
Eddie Hanlon «ame out of hi» des
perate ring: en*rogem»nt with Touns
Corbett in much better physical condi
tion than was expected. He was not so
badiy marked as on the occasion, of hi*
previous fight with Corbett or his .fight
with Tanker.
While much depreesed in spirits over
ttte otitcome of the fight. Haft Ton eai4
he felt no ill effects from the punish
ment he received. After living care-
Cully tor weeks tie made a t>a4 mistake
in the dinner he disposed of After
weighing in the nlirht of the Cain. He
had A beefsteak. which, # from hl» de
scription. *•« a mlnlatur* roast of
beef. With this he had two cups s of
beef tea. two cups of tea, two glaaset
of water and sortie sliced tomatoes.
In his nervous condition thi* extraor
dinary- mixture did not digest properly
and he wes Uncomfortable And not at
his best all night. Hanloii knows now.
when it U too fate, that what he need
ed wa& something light.
At that the dinner did not cost him
the light, an hfe only cbance to win whs
to land one of his wild sayings,* which
was Impossible owing to Corbett's clev
erness. This,*, with Corbett's hitting
power and rina generalship, readily e«»
plains his vlate tiS the world'* premier
Xeather*wetght.
Hanlon Improved but little in box-
Ins ability clnce M« Ia«t fteht. He
seetned to think sheer strength and
hitting power were all he ceede<3. He
acquired none of the fine roir»t* in
ring vqrk and was all at- *ea when
he t\*a» robbed of his. ¦trength.
The possibility oX a meeting be
tween Corbett .and o Britt Is being
warmly discussed °by their, adherents.
It seefns on!>* vne ponnd In weight
seyArate tUem. Cejbeit t»
i\^«igh. J29 »o«nijs at i a'clock, the
same- figure tt» >n»de for ltantoft.
Brltl inti$na«e» .he wfU «u»lc« 129
pounfls at & o'clock.
• "It is a t^hysicaj i'mpossibilitj* to*
me to make 12> noumis," said Britt
yesterday. "I kuolv ltow desitablo
this match is from the point of vietr
of both the boxers and the club man
agers. I am willing to sit down with
Corbett and discuss this matter dis
passionately. I see no reason why
we should not reach an amicable un
derstanding. He must have weighed
fully 132 pounds at the ringside Tues
day night. As the most I want to
welsh is 133 pounds. I see no great
obstacle to our meeting. Corbett has
certainly outgrown the featherweight
class.
1 "The San Francisco public always
likes to see a home boxer pitted
against an Eastern man. The field
is limited now. and this seems the
most attractive fight on the cards."
Hanlon has no definite plans for
the future* His friends see now that
he was illy advised to take on Cor
bett when there weCS easier men in
the field than the champion.
Corbett will remain on the coast
for some time.
Judjre P. J. Reilly AVill Be in
the Saddle. While James F.
Grace Will Act as Slipper
Only n Difference of One Pound
Apparently Keeps the Two
Clever Fcatlier-Wcightfr Apart
Fourth race, five furlonjf!, purse — Cruzados,
107 <J. Becker*. S to I, won: Golden Rule. 112
(Redfern) a to 5, second; Ocean Dream. 1(U
(P. Phillips), 5 to 2. third. Time. 1:01. Head
water and Bragg also ran.
Fifth race, five and a holf furlongs, celling —
Madame Klfeliop. HW (J. Lewis*. 7 to 2. won;
Huapala. VI iT. Walsh). .*> to 1. second; Wager.
110 <F!otch«?r>. 6 to 2. third. Time. 1.:1O. Mi
racle II, Wlnlfreda. William Parrish, Colonel
Bcjrey and Lculse Mining also ran.
Sixth race, fix ftirlongs. stlling— St. Christo
ph«r. IC3 (J. JJooker), !> to X; won; Sallie Good
win. 115 (McCleest. 2 to 1, second; Frank
I'e^rce. 115 <T. O'Brien). JO to 1. third. Time.
1 :!«. I'anf jo. .1. J. Corbett, Sharpless and
Jack Richelieu Jr. a!fo ran.
Third race, one mile. f°\ Ur.R— Chub, 10S (W.
Knapp). L' to 1, won; Fortunatus, 9(i (Walsh).
« f. ."., second; Dr. Shorb. 101 (J. Lewis). 4 to
I. third. Time, ] -A'',. Moor and Maud M also
ran.
First race, six furlonss. selling— Pilou 110
(Phillii r), 2 1 - to 1. won: J. V. Orby, 105 (L..
Spencer), 6 to 5 pecend; Flcrlsta, 100 <J. Book
fr) 20 to 1. third. Time, -:17. Legal Maxim,
Tio'leta, Lady Rice, L<un!^ and Roltai're fin
ished as named.
Second race. F!au?on course, purse — Labor,
109 (Knapp). " to 5. won; MacAna. 109 iBrnt
tcn). :t to 1 second; Kgg Xog. 110 (H. L.
RuFtell). 7 to 1. third. Time. 1 :12'£. Pldato.
Mainspring. Fi serlien*. Seaforth, Olivilo and
Hcnduran also mn.
SUMMARY.
The fourth race brought out a field
of five starters, CJolden Rale \va?a top
heavy favorite at 7 to 10, Ocean Dream
T to 5 and Cruzados 10 to 1. The latter
was backed by his owner, E. J. Bald
win. He caught the flying Golden Rule
at the sixteentn pole and won by a
length. Ocean Dream was third.
JMadame Bishop won the fifth race
handily 'from Huapala, Vv*ger third.
Wager was played down from 4 to 2^
to 1.
Sir Christopher got up in time to win
the test event by a head from Sallie
Goodwin. Frank Pearce was third.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 30.— Ideal rac
ing weather, good fields and close firi
irhes combined to make the sport at
Ascot Tark to-day of the' best 3ort. Fa
vorites failed to reward the judgment
of the form players, and the books quit
winner on the day. The btg£e*t upset
was in the fourth face, whfeji was Won
by E. J. Baldwin's Cruzados. It was
this horse's fifst start herp, aad the
books laid 10 to. 1 against him. Ke was
fanned by those *ha h.ave watched
! him work out and was played.
Golden Rule opcijed at 3 to 5, but re
ceded to t t<3 !0, at which price a con*
jffdtrabl*? .sum of money, was wagered.
' Pilot, at;.2',4'tr* 2.' took the first race,
a six'-furlong selling, affair, from J. V.
¦Kifby.in-.easr' fashion. Florista setting
the .show, "The others' were beaten off.
.The. second- number brought out a
field of 'nine.; .\vith:I^abor.° ruling .favor*
ito: . MacAna-was well.'playcd from 2^ to
1' down-to, 8 -to. 5.: Labor .^took the lead
when iKhapp. called on him and Von
easily? -Mac Ana\ was second and Egg-
Nog- third.- Coburn was carded to rid»
Labor. bui:-was : takcg off at the last
nUnute arid Knani substituted.
:- Knaj»p .landed; his " second dinner of
the ;daj- on Chub; iii. the thirtl, trailing
hjis fieid.-ait r thej\.\vay into the ,"attatch
and <*? awing atray In the last sixteenth.
Foriuriatus.-witti'^;. Walsh \iP, icvas
played as^if it: we're all over, bus i-cuW
do no better than secojid. ,Dr. Shorb
was third. Moor also had a large fol
lowing. .
< , ,
Co burn Is Carded to liidc
Labor, but Is Taken Off
and Knapp Is Substituted
Special Dit-patoh to The Call.
IJRITT MAY 3IEET VICTOR
.Two trains will leave the depot at
Third and Townsend streets to-mor
row for Ingleside, the first at 1 and
the next at 1:15 p. m.
"Plunger" Joe Yeager purchased
the contract held by Vic Gilbert on
Jockey Hildebrand yesterday for
$5000. The contract has still one year
and a half to run.
Harry Robinson disposed of his sta
ble of five horses yesterday to D. F.
Blakeman of Little - Sioux, Iowa, for
$5000. The string consists of Pierce
J. Optimo, Chorus Boy, Ecome and
Mr. Phinzy.
Hildebrand carried off the saddle
honors, piloting three winners.
At a meeting of the stewards of the
California Jockey Club held last even
ing the stable of P. Donaleche, owner
of Money Muss, was suspended until
May 1 next. The offense consisted in
starting Money Mun3 in race No. 5512
in the form book on December 24,
knowingly unfit. The race in question
¦was won by Sad Sam. The latter
sprinter is owned by Harry Green of
; Spokane. The suspension now In
force against that turf .man is not lift
ed pending a further investigation of
the' race.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First— Three-quarters of a mile; 4-year-olds
and up; celling: •
r>."ir2 Skip Me (Maaison & Co.).. 107
r»51» BrUsac (Marklein). 107.
TtSiU Rosebud (Parker) 107
5510 'Nullah (McKenzie) .102
4 •¦*'.» Maraschino (Humphrey).. .....114
B3BS Key Hooker (Smith) ;.107.
5548 Idogo (Raf our) 107
5512 The Stewardess (Winter & Co.)..... .107
f.549 Illllouon (Randall)... .....:.. .....107
' 5546 Emily Qllver (Clark) 107
53C0 Maresa (Dolan). .107
1 Second race — Six and a half furlongs; 2-year
old«; purse: ¦ ¦ • - . '
Will Military Mar (Ferguson) ............. .112
5547 Play Ball (Daly) 107
5561 Mendon (Dayton & Co.).. 114
r>5:{9 Young: Pepper (O* Rourke) ............. 1 04
5511 Dick Turpln (Regan) .....".;. ...114
i 5527 Celebrant (Jennings & Co.) ......102
i 555» Klelnwood (Moshler & Co.). ...;..: ..1C2
! B5S5 Dr. Rowell (Blasing-ame). .......... .112
Third race — Three-quarters of a mile; S-'year
olils anil up; selling ;: - , v. ¦.
5548 Aunt Tolly (Graffort & Co.). ........ ,no
R51J •I.o-J 'Clicvcden (McDowell).... .... ...1C2
BRTiS Gnddcan of NlKht (Parks) ....... .110
Nil* Matt Ho^an (Miigrano & Co.).'.. ....110
. . r >:i72 Velma Clark .(MeAlester).: ........; .110
B5«5» 'Algaretta ( Murry> ....-.., 102
C.*.24 *nust!c Olrl (Fitzgerald). ....... ..W.KI7
"rijao Chorus Boy («laV»-man). .".:...;..*.. 1". 107
I 5515 *Lcuis> AVagncr (McAl!leter). f -...".T.V.10b
Twenty-five books cut in yesterday.
Prank Lanterman was among the new
comers. x '
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Still another long shot bobbed to the
surface in the mile and seventy-yard
event. Willie Haack had the leg up
on Arthur Rav, against which 15 to 1
was laid, and after meeting with -only
moderate racing luck got home first on
the outsider, a neck before Expedient,
also auoted at 15. Twenty to one was
laid about Dotterel, which finished
third. ¦ Lunar, backed from 9 to 5 to 6
to 5, ran fourth, the plunge on her
hardly being justified on the mare's
preceding race.
Red Cross Nurse was plugged to win
the final mile number and a Tagged
start contributed to her success. Hilde
brand got away sailing on the filly and
after making all the pace she lasted
long enough to dispose of Avenger by
a neck. The odds against Ebony went
from 4 to 5 to 3 to 2. The start ruined
whatever chance he may have pos
sessed.
To Kockaway belonged the honor ot
being the only favorite to reach, the
ffoal first. The gfcorl-priced ones
mourned were Oro Viva. Mountebank.
Lunar, Jvenilworth and Ebony. The at
tendance was gco«J and the betting
spirited.
Hildebrand set the ball In motion by
placing Troy over the line winner of
the first race at odds or fi to 1. He coT-
Tared Ora Viva, the favorite, near the
paddock, and in a driving finish re
ceived the vertlict !»y a neck. Yeljoiv
«tone. at odds of !S to 1, raft third. Hil
ary looked a possible winner turning
inio th& stretch, but royld not stand
the dip. Oro Viva was bumped by the
winner, but Careen wade no complaint
to the judges.
After suffering two crushing defeats,
Rocfcaway, the Burns & Waterhouse
colt, gathered in a purse. He did not
do it impressively, though, and Tviil
have to show a whole It vC Improve
ment o before being classed as & top
notcher.
The son of Altamox was installed a
pronounced choice agnin and it took
hard urjjiHg on the part of Tommyi
Burns to get him tcrthe front, and then
he only downed Otto Stifel half a
length. Judge ran third.
Hildebrand was to the front again in
the Futurity course sprint following
astride the 15 to 1 chance Jennie
Hughes. The mare was overlooked by
the general public and, receiving ex
cellent treatment at Hildebrand's
hands, finished first, half a length be
fore Mountebank, the favorite. Planet,
the two-year-old, was well backed and
ran a good third. Atwood, another
two-year-old which was accorded con
siderable suppert, got away none too
well and was not prominent.
Arthur ray is first.
San Nicolas, the black four-year-old
from the Burns & Waterhouse stable,
picked ub 117 pounds in the six and a
half furlong handicap at Ingleslde yes
terday and showed a clean pair of heels
to a small but select company. Kenil
worth, delegated to carry 12S pounds
and with Tommy Burns up, opened fa
vorite, but the smart ones' did not fig
ure that the bird's claws were sharp
enough to scratch out, and played their
coin all around him. The stable fancied
the chances of San Nicolas, and he re
mained "a consistent second choice
throughout the b'ettiflg. it is barely
possible that Iridius was as well
supported; at half a point higher. Bell
piloted San Kicolas. and after lndul*.
ins Jrtdius with the lead for about
three-eighths of a mile assumed the
/rant position, winning under three
quarter speed. Iridius lasted. Just long
enough to take the place /rom DoliJ-
Hayman. The favorite did pot appear
at his l>est, finishing fourth.
O.VLV OXK FAVORITE WIXS.
A TWO DAYS' MEETING
JUDGES CHANGE JOCKEYS
Son of Emperor of Norfolk
Beats -Oolden Rule 'a Length
in Feature Event at Aseot
Strong 1 Entry Made in Stakes
Which Marks the Reopening:
of Union Coursing: Park
Is Xot as Badly Injured in His
fight With Corbet* as He
Seemed to -Be Tuesday Sight
FLEET HOUNDS
IN COMPETITION
CRDZADOS WINS
RACE IN SOUTH
HANLON SHOWS
BUT FEW MARKS
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE RING AND THE FIELD
THE SAN. .FRANCISCO CALU, . THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31,. - 1903.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Black Horse From the Burns and Waterhouse Stable Captures the
Handicap in Fast . Time-— Kenilworth Is Favorite and Fails to
Show— -Rockaway at Short Odds the Only Successful Choice
SAN NICOLAS DOWNS IRIDIUS
WITHOUT APPARENT EFFORT
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M/^i Men
T^If Cured
i /V /• ilX Ic EVE. XTEEN
/ WSJL_-rw \ \ v vears of un-
* p>{ fft] \ 1 qualified success as
DR. O. C. JOSLEN. jus-
The Leading Specialist. -tines every claim
I 1 make. I promise
f my patients a ccm-
.plcte cure In every instance, and In cases
wh»re I cannot safely make this promise I
positively refuse to treat. You tak* no
chances at all.
lly fees aro fair; my cures ar*
permanent, and yon caa pay wbea.
satisfied that yon are well.
I cur? Spermatorrhoea. ••Weakness." Va-
rlcocele. Hydrocele. Contracted Disorders.
Stricture. Specific Blood Poison, Piles and
all Reilex Ailments.
. Write for my pamphlet. "Live All Tour
Teats a Man." Mailed free. Consultation
frt* at office or by mai!.
DR. O. cTjOSLEN,
! ' Cor. Market anl Xcarny Strec^i.
I'rlvate Kntrance. 7CJ Market St.
Tet«pnone John 371.
=IN. S. H/\IND=
Secreury tn-1 offl- Isrert Hinihijjj- »
Mai hsndlcapper for __„„_ , .•- " /
t h - -Metropolitan BOOMS 1. 3 and 3t
••! C mer»tat* >? *Turf A»- 1 1 3 STOCK ION $Tm
kociatlona of Nnw > ;
York. £»a rnaciss*, C«L
Terms tdurlnx California season ool/x Z2
per Cay or 510 per *ee*.Civil Service Inanimation
EThe United States Civil Service Com
...ission announces that an examina
tion will be held January 19 and 20
or the position of hydrographic aid.
Geological Survey, to fill vacancies at
$1000 and $1200 per annum; age limit.
« years or over. Apply to the United
tes Civil Service Commission,
ashington, D. C, or to the secretary
f the Consolidated IJoard of Civil
Service Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
San Francisco,, for application form
1312. which should be properly exe
uted -nnd filed with the commission
t W.. fcingtori. The medical ccrtifi
ate will be required and those who
are not physically sound and able" to
» perform field duty under trying condi
£o*u will not be admitted to the ex
amination.
Only a fool tells how he made his
money after he 'has it. — Chats with a
Multimillionaire. ' ;V.;^
Triplicate mirrors, standing mirror«
,nd toilet sets. Beautiful and inexpen*
rive New Year's presents. Sanboni v*u
C Co.
The Philological Association of the
Pacific Coast comoleted its fifth an
nual meeting, yesterday morning * at
the Mark Hopkins Art Institute. The
association has been in session for the
last four days, and yesterday morn
ing, having completed its labors, it
adjourned on a motion of, the presi
dent until next year. '
Association Adjourns.
The findings of the court in the case
of Mary Flood against Carmen Dun
phy, widow of the late William Dun
phy;, James C. and Jennie Dunphy,
his children, arid Viola Piercy, his
grandchild, were signed yesterday by
Judge* Tro^t, as was also a decree
declaring the defendants and the
plaintiff in the suit to be. each of
them, the owner of a one-fifth inter
est in the income derived from Dun
phy's estate. In other words, the will
of Dunphy. was sustained. The suit
was a friendly one, having been
brought by Mary Flood, who is also
a child of Dunphy. to secure a legal
interpretation of the will. The deci
sion in the suit was rendered some
months ago. ,
Builders* Contracts.
W. J. McCarthy (owner) with William E
Byron (contractor/, architect ¦ — All worK
except plumbing painting, tin work and lead
ers for alterations and additions to maWs a
three-etory frame building on E line of Bt.
Marys street. 4» N of Pine. N 24 by «°: *16«0.
Esther II. Wilson towner) with Bush & Malr
lett Company (contractors), architects Cun
ningham &- Pome<v-Tlle work for * I«J"[-«W
frame building and basement on SW corner of
Pacific avenue and Broderick street, W 75 by
b -Sam« owner with J. D. Mefnhardt (contract
or) architects tame — Painting, varnishing,
tinting, llncrusia waltcn wainscoting for same
on same; $2300.
Adam Schaefcr (owner) with^Ludwlg^B. O.
Koenlg (contractor), architect \\ imam Koenlg
—All work for a a-story frame building on lot
on SE corner of Parnai-sus avenue and Lotta
street, S CO by E 81; $4370. ¦
Isaac Llebes (owner) with A. Jackson (con
tractor), architect M. J. Lyon— Bridging,
bracing, framlnc for -bay-window, flooring,
sheathing. ! window frames, door frame*,
sashes, plate glass, all other glass except sky
light glass, inside finishes.' mantels, all small
fixtures, etc.. hardware, for . a 9-story and
baiement fireproof buildlnK on lot on SE cor
ner of Turk and Jones streets. E 57:6 by *B
82:6; $25,630. .
¦Same r.wne' with Joshua Handy Machine
"Works (contractors), architect same — Electrto
light wtrinir. bell wiring.- etc.. for same on
same; $3050.
Same owner with Itoebllnsr Construction
Company (contractors), architect 'same—Fire -
proofing, etc., for same en same; $18,000.
Same owner with . Mansrrum &. Otter ¦ (con
tractors),, architect same — Furnace, etc.- for
heating apparatus for same on same; '$2299.
Same owner with William Cronan (con
tractor), architect same — Galvanized Iron
work, metal work, skylights, etc.. for same
on same; $4225.
~.Sama owner with Larken & Flaherty (con
tractors), •-. architect same — Gravel and aa
phaltum composition ' roof for same on same;
$270. •.:." -¦¦..•.¦-¦¦-¦•.¦. ' ; . • :'
Same owner with Duffy .Bros, (contractors),
architect same — Plumbing, sewering, gasflttins,
etc.; for came on - same; . $11,250.
Gulllett's New Tear's extra mince plea, ice
cream and cake. 005 Larkin «t.; tel.'East 108. *
The department of the High School
Association voted unanimously yester
day morning in favor of a reduction of
the units required by the universities.
Fifteen units are required, but in the
opinion of the committee thirteen would
be more reasonable. The report was
made by Dr. A. W. Scott of the Ala
meda High School, who stated that the
high standard required by the
university for entrance does not allow
the students sufficient time for voca
tional work. Another point raised was
that a great many of the students who
wish to enter the university are girls,
and in order to attain the required
standard they overdo themselves at a
period when their health should be
most carefully protected.
Professor Clark . of Lowell High
School, who spoke on "Units of High
School Work," held the same general
ideas. He said that since 1899 the Uni
versity of California has defined its en
trance subjects as units, the unit be
ing five recitations a week for a year.
This, he held, is very injurious to the
bjgh school, as he considers the univer
sity should be content with specifying
the material in its entrance subjects
and the high school free to determine
the work. The present system, he said,
leads the high schools to place work
before scholars when they are unfitted
for it. •
Some interesting facts and figures
were brought out by Joseph O'Connor,
principal of the Mission High School; in
his address on "High School Teachers'
Salaries." He compared the' salarjesof
the teacher with those paid the me
chanic and showed by figures that the
man who earns his bread by, the sweat
'of his brow is better paid than the pro-
Educators Say Too Much Is Required
of Students.
FAVOR LOWER STAXDARD.
One of the differences between our
high society and a barrel of cider is
that it is hard to keep the cider from
working. — Recollections of a Newport
Monkey.
The deceaEed was a native of Eng
land, Z"t years old and unmarried. He
was a member of the society of Sons
*f St. Georce.
"Jreaks Part of a Gas Fixture and Is
Suffocated in Ills
Sleep.
Charles Bloxham, a ship carpenter,
nployed at the Union Iron Works,
vas a victim of s:as suffocation some
time during last Tuesday night in his
oom at 1259 Mission street. His
.ead body was found' on the floor yes
terday morning near a small gas
jtove that he had been using for
heating purposes. The gas had been
turned off at the stove, but the key
of the cas fixture, from which a
rubber tubing conveyed gas to the
stove, was open, and the tube near
j.he junction was broken. It is sup
'., iosed that Bloxham, after having
losed the key at th«» stove, stumbled
njrainst the tubinff and broke it,
thus unwittingly allowing the illumi
tant to escape. .,_ - .„„_
\
Slsns Findings in Dnnphy Case.
ACCIDENTAL STUMBLE EXDS
CHARLES BLOXHAM'S LIFE
Following the example of the San
ta Fe and other big roads, the South
ern Pacific Company has fitted up a
car with all the^ modern-¦improve
ments used in the handling and oper
ating of i rolling stock and will soon
send it out on the divisions' for the
purpose of giving instruction to its
employes in the newest methods of
railroading.
The car 4 is, to be in charge of "Wil
liam Xicholls, a train dispatcher in
Los Anjreles, tind will have several
instructors abo'ard. It is the plan of
the company to have the car travel
over the entire Pacific system, stop
ping at terminal points, where men
can be instructed in such work" as is
deemed necessary to make them more
proficient.
Southern Pacific; Company to Im
prove the Eflleieney of Its Oper-
.';! ating .Department.
IXSTKUCTIOX CAll TO BE
RUN OVEIt THE SYSTEM
The California Schoolmasters' Club
held a banquet in the California Hotel
last evening. More than 140 covers
were laid. SDeeches were delivered
by Toastmaster C. L. McLane of
Fresno; Secretary Frank Morton, Pro
fessor O. P. Jenkins of Stanford,
James Foshay, Superintendent of Los
Angeles schools, and Professor S. H.
Clark of the University of Chicago.
The members sang college songs and
told interesting stories.
Schoolmasters Banquet.
The secretary was authorized to ad
vertise for proposals for the grading
of a portion of the Pesthouse site and
the construction^of a. road leading
thereto.
Permirsion was granted to T. G.
Crothers and Sol Getz to grade H street
to official lines from Forty-fifth avenue
to Forty-eighth avenue, the city to be
relieved from bearing its portion of the
expense.
iThe board declared the bituminizing
of Clement street from First avenue to
Sixth avenue and -the construction of
artificial stone sidewalks thereon to be
expedient, and so recommended to the
Supervisor?. Some of, the property
owners have protested against the im
provement, which includes the narrow
ing the sidewalk by four feet. The
intermediate crossings of the street will
be improved even if the protests are
sustained, as the' crossings cannot be
protested under the law.
ROAD TO PESTHOUSE.
to-day.
Officer Beach was directed to see that
the proprietor of the Hotel Pantheon
discontinue the operation of a boiler
in the building. This boiler is deemed
unsafe. . • • .
Action on the apportioning of bene
fits and damages resulting from the
grades changed and established on Polk
and Chestnut streets was continued to
January 20. 1904. • ,
Final action on. the matter of the
proposed sewer in Ashbury street, be
tween Eighteenth and Clarendon, was
continued to January 13,-1904. The rep
resentatives of the Sutro estate opposed
the doing of the work.
The City Street Improvement Com
pany was awarded the contract for
furnishing 100,000 basalt blocks to the
city.
Jortall's successor will be Louis B.
Mayer, -• at present employed on an
evening paper. Mayer Schmitz had de
creed that Jortall shall be displaced by
the votes of Commissioner Schmitz and
the new Commissioner to be appointed
to succeed Marsden Manson, who re
tiros January 8, 1904.
The resignation of John McLoughlln
as foreman of street sweeping ana
sprinkling was accepted, to take effect
. The representatives of the Spring
Valley Water Company held a confer
ence yesterday with the Board of Pub
lic Works and Supervisor Brandenstein
regarding the proposed grant by the
corporation to the city of a right of
way for the extension of Nineteenth,
avenue from Ocean rcrad to the Tro
tc'adero Gulch.
The company had prepared the nec
essary deeds for the conveyance of the
land, but the board took- exception to
certain conditions imposed in the grant.
One of these Is that the city shall be
allowed the use of the surface of the
street only, whereas the board wanted
it conveyed . for all street purposes, in
cluding the building of a sewer therein.
The board ordered the deed amended
to give the city all rights to the street
without any limitations w'hatever. At
torney. Kellogg stated that the matter
would have to be submitted to the di
rectors of the company, and the board
decided that if the amendments were
adopted by the company it would rec- \
ommend that the deed be accepted by
the city.
Nicholas Jortall, secretary of the
board, presented his resignation, which
he desired to take effect at once. • The
board, however, requested Jortall to
continue in his position until January J
8, 1904, to which he agreed. Jortall,
who has .proven a capable official dur
ing his year of Incumbency, resigns to
go into business.
JORTALL'S SUCCESSOR. I
Those present were: James Heatley.
B. F. Goodwin, C. N. McLean, H. C.
Robinson, C. S. Tallmadge Jr., Charles
Flammer, Daniel Volkmann, P. W.
Gallagher, P. F. McDermott, M. War
ren, C. A. Cahill. Charles R. Beckley,
George Slusher, D. W. Smythe, Otis
Patterson, Charles Fricke. J. H. Tem
ple. W. J. Pfeiffer, Benj. Weed, G. M.
Agnew, G. II. Elliot, J. H. Glenn. Wil
liam Noble, F. J. McGougan, W. H.
Davidson, W. B. Bundschu, William
Volkmann, R. Schilling, C. H. Moore,
George W. Lane, C. N. McLouth, M.
P. Gleeson, George A. Gray, H. D. Lan
sing, W. B. Hunt, J. Buckley, C. P.
Low, H. H. Woodruff, E. R. Berg, A.
Schilling. George F. Volkmann, J. W.
Orr, H. H. Case, W. P. Gerlach, K. M.
Ham, A. A. Mitchell, Thomas J. Dun
can, H. C. Gregg, Ralph W. McCor
mick, John S. Blanton, F. E. McCleary,
Harry Malone, G. A. Pursell, W. O.
Stanley, Thomas R. Carlyle, J. A.
Cooke, C. Schilling, S. M. Barlow, Oliver
C. Thornton, Alton R. Vaughn, M. D.
Walters, Charles A. Chrisman, W. R.
Cregar, F. E. Harrison, L. P. Jones,
J. H. Bresee, W. E. Clark, W. A. Wil
son, George W. Robinson, E. E. Shep
herd, E. J.'Nixson, T. J. Vanderslice,
Fred J. Gripp, H. E. Worthington, T.
W. Stephens, Jamea J. Lent, Christian
Taaffe, V. L. Mitchell, T. B. Gibson.
Those who responded to toasts were:
W. O. Stanley, F. E. HarrisonT J. H.
Bresee, James Heatley. C. S. Tall
madge Jr., J. Buckley, H. H. Woodruff
and A. Schilling.
MEX WHO WERE PRESENT.
The traveling men who were ban
queted last night had come from many
parts of the country. Eighteen States
and Territories were represented. The
occasion was a house warm ing in honor
of the first Christmas of the firm in
the new quarters. The management
pays the fare to and from the various
men's homes. During the last two days
they have been entertained by the firm,
taken to the Cliff House, theater and
other points of interest in and about
San Francisco. Yesterday they were
taken up Mount Tamalpais.
It is an unusual thins to find a firm
that treats its employes with as much
consideration as does Schilling's. The
members of the, firm prepared for each
and every man who came. to the ban
quet a little verse written especially for
him. This was placed with the menu
opposite, his seat at the table. The
night was passed merrily in speech
making and feasting. Between the
speeches a stringed orchestra, hidden
in the profusion of trees, played pretty
selections. The whole affair bore the
evidence of careful planning and artis-.
tic execution.
FROM DIFFERENT STATES.
Amid a mass of Christmas trees,
ferns and flowers, resembling a small
portion of Golden Gate Park, the trav
eling men of the firm of Schilling & Co.
were banqueted last night in the firm'3
new building at the corner of Folsom
and Second streets.
The large delivery room of the house
was transformed by the magic hands
and artistic eyes of Charlotte F. Wil
liams and Carl Schilling into a spring
time scen^. On entering what is gener
ally the shipping room one could not
tell whether he had got into a conserv
atory of greens or a small part of a
beautiful park, decorated with prettily
colored lights. •i*'.-
In the center of the large court ivas
a circular table, seating seventy-nine
guests. In the space surrounded by
the table was a fountain springing out
of amass of greens, the spraying wa
ter being lit up with pretty red lights.
Above the table, stretching from the
center of the ceiling in great droops
toward the table were long strings of
greens, interwoven with myriads of. in
candescent lights. Surrounding the
table and forming the background were
500 Christmas trees, deftly arranged so
that they had the natural forest ap
pearance. Hundreds of red balloons,
bearing the mark "S. B.,7 floated ar
tistically among the greens. Large
numbers of hanging baskets of greens
and ferns hanging from the ceiling
completed the decorations. The court
was a perfect garden spot and reflect
"ed great credit upon its designers,
Charlotte F. Williams and Carl Schill
ing. ..
State Mineralogist Aubury e a y s that
;he Epace in the mining building will
not be sufficient to represent the min
\g industry of California adequately
a competition with other States. Kan
sas and Missouri, for ir.stanct, which
have but three minerals »to show, as
against fifty-one mineral substances in
California, will occupy as gre<u, or pos
sibly greater, space than will Califor
nia at the exposition.
In the meantime the space that was
ailotted to California in tho education
building has practically all been al
lotted to the public and other schools
in the State. There is, therefore, a
chance, as Stanford has not agreed to
exhibit and the University of Califor
nia has waited until the spaci has been
distributed, that the educational sys
tem of California, as illustrated by ex
hibits at St. Louis, will be devoid of
any representative showing cl either
">i its great universities.
L'XIVCUSITV SPACE.
Trebles are accumulating for the
Calif ri\xa. Commislsoners to fct. Louis.
Th- a difficulties, grow largely < ut of the
lesfre of certain counties to occupy
nrcrer space in the agriculture building
ai St. Louis. The room that the Com
missioners secured could be filled sev
eral tim^s if the representations of th<?
¦ unties concerning their nesds are to
he accepted. On the other hand the
Commissioners s»ay that some of the
counties are mistaken in the space they
-equire and that it is largely a matter
of installation. More can be put in a
certain space than is supposed by those
who have not had experience In installs
ing products for display at expositions.
Some time ago Commissioners Filcher
and Wiggins and Secretary Willis be
took themselves to Catallna Island and
there talked over In seclusion the mat
ter of space and the distribution of it
among the counties that will exhibit.
At last accounts there wer« thirty of
these cou»itifs. but it is rumored that
at least two in the San Joaquin Valley
that proposed to exhibit jointly have
concluded to Take part only In the gen
f-ral State display of California pro
ducts and cot show as individual
counties.
COUNTIES SEX1> DELEGATES.
Inuring the two days jurt passed a
Ftrong delegation, representative of the
¦en counties belonging to the Sacra
ipnto County Valley Development As
nciation has been in the city confer
ing with Commissioner Filcher. No
allotment of ypace has been made yet.
It was impossible to reach a final de
termination when* the two Commission
er* met at Catalina Island. The con-
Oitldna since have not been entirely
favorable. Meanwhile the representa
tives '>f the counties north o? Tthachapi
and Commissioner Filcher have been
in continual correspondence or confer
ence.
The ouestion as to whether the Uni
versity of California will have thy space
at St. Louis desired by President Whee
ler and the faculty is still problemat
ical. Months ago the university was
invited to se!>vt space in a section set
apart especially for universities, this
invitation coming directly from St.
Louis, but no move was mad-» to take
adya ntegr of the offer. Then the uni
versity* vvns urged by the St. Louis
Commissioners to exhibit, but no action
was taken. It was only recently that
the university applied to the author
ities at St. Iv:uis to be given a lar^e
.'•;>ac; for exhibition purposes. The
answer has been returned ¦ from St.
Louis that such space can bt given
only in case some earlier applicant for
room relinquishes . .what has been
awarded, the rcliniuishmer't to be
made by the opening of the new year.
Firm Entertains Its Drum
mers, Who -Come From Eight
een States and Territories
The .- Bituminizing of Clement
Street Is ' Recommended to
the Supervisors as, Necessary
Whether University of Califor
nia Will Have an Allotment
]s Question Not Yet Decided
J0BTAIL RESIGNS PLACE
Miss Mae O'Donnell of the Fremont
Primary School brought forth an ag
gregation of "Emmy Lous" and stal
wart lads with sweet voices, and they
thrilled the teachers with a concord bf
sweet sound. If these children ap
peared at any theater in thjs city and
sung as they did yesterday they would
score a decided hit. They rendered four
songs, but Auber's "Morning" ' and
Foster's "Old Black Joe" were the best.
The audience sat back in breathless
silence as the children's voices filled
the theater with the plaintive melody
of the Southland and tears came to
many eyes. The singing of this youth
ful choral did much to prove the effi
ciency of the local school department.
Professor S. H. Clark of the Universi
ty of Chicago received a generous
greeting when introduced by the presi
dent. His address was on "Interpreta
tive Reading" and it surpassed his ef
forts of the previous day.
The speaker appealed to his' auditors
to not allow themselves to be carried
away by the desire to gain riches, but
to pause and appreciate the beauties of
poetry and enrich their minds with
good literature. He ! illustrated his
meaning by allusion to the line "ane
never lifted up a stone," used by
Browning in one of his poems. Profes
sor Clark said he never appreciated
the meaning of the line until he had
discovered it in William "Wordsworth's
beautiful pastoral poem "Michael." He
grew eloquent in his narration of the
story in the poem and moved his lis
teners by the fervor and brilliance of
his remarks. Professor Clark's lecture
was illustrated with stanzas from the
poets, -which he recited with great ex
pression. When he concluded his mas
terly address the teachers applauded
him heartily.
An adjournment was taken until this
afternoon.-
PUPILS SIXG SWEETLY.
Wo have learned that It If not the knowl
edge alone, nor. the training passed through to
obtain It, which makes the true teacher; but,
as in all other departments of life, it is largely
personality — a very important factor in the
formation of the character of those who imi
tate. Many children come to us from homes
where the finer graces and qualities of life
are unknown, and the teacher Is tii^ first per
son with whom they come In. contact who
evinces refinement. Many children run wild
liecause mothers are too busily engaged with
the dressmaker or in attending the club, while
the father must sp«-nd his waking hours In
gaining food and clothing for his family. The
consequence is that the boy hae little or no
restraint In the home, and the school Is the
first place where he finds his purposes crossed.
He la comparatively unchecked, and orders
hip life as he pleases. The teacher takes the
toy. with all these tendencies, and sees at
once that he- must correct the wrong and
Instil the richt.
"School Discipline" was the subject
of the address of James A. Foshay,
City Superintendent of L.os Angeles
Schools, to the teachers. H» pointed out
the best means of maintaining discip
line in the schoolroom. In part he said:
' DISCIPLINE IX SCHOOLS.
Tou can readily eee from this how very im
portant Is the introduction of new teachers
Into cur department, for it Is with the Intro
duction only that the school directors take a
real part. After a teacher has passed through
the eutstitute class and has served her period
of probation as a probationary: teacher she
can only be elected < permanently, into the de
partment upon the recommendation of the
principal under whom ehe has taught and of
the Superintendent of Public Schools. You
can see from this that the responsibility .does
not rost entirely upon that much-abused class,
the school director, but upon those who should
have an intimate knowledge of the teachers'
ability. It has been the custom to lay all
faults, real or imaginary, existing among our
teachers, upon the school. directors; their backs
are broad; criticism of their a<?ts is a neces
eary accompaniment to their position; they
are used to it, although It is not always as
pleasant as could be desired, but as a matter
of fact the real responsibility for the final
placing of teachers in this department rests
not upon them, but upon the principals and
upon the Superintendent:
And when we have our annuity fixed upon
a firm basis, when our teachers after an active,
conscientious life spent in the schoolroom, can
feel that their remaining years are not un
provldsd for, when the $2 mt-nthly Increase
to their salaries is devoted to the annuity
fund, which I proposed some months ago and
which I have since advocated *and shall con
tinue to advocate until, I trust, the desired
result is Attained — when this comes to nass,
then, imlped. will our department ana our
teachers be as near perfection as possible.
applicants from all parts of the State who are
only too anxious to come under Its benign
provisions. Why. do you know that this ten
ure of office law is more binding- than the
marriage ceremony? Ycu may secu»e a divorce
from your husband or from your wife on ac
count of. Ineompatabtllty of temper, but noth
ing short of death Is a sure rele.a«? from the
tie that binds a teacher to the San Franclsc?
School Department. Some of the preceding
boards of education actually thought it pos
sible to dismiss a teacher after preferring
charges and trying her. The present beard in
the last year has paid SX7.0OQ rectifying errors
of this kind made by former boards. One at
torney in this city makes a ppeclalty of such
£**Mk and I understand he will take the casa
>•( • teacher dismissed for any cause, and,
• ikv nme uhjslcfans. guarantee "no cure, no
V?r" In fact, thins* have come to such a
pa^fc noTV that should a teacher be dismissed
Jrr>rn the rlepartment she would not look upon
It a.» a dismissal, but rather as an Indefinite
leavt- of alwence upon half pay — the attorney
recelvi-.g the other half.
SCHOOL DIRECTORS BLAMED.
Whtreas, The County Board of Education
is a body created by the constitution of the
State, giving a certain and specific power to
which other pov/ers and duties have been
added by the Legislature; and whereas, these
powers and. duties need to be more clearly
understood, defined and established, and to
this end discussion and harmony of action are
essential; therefore
Resolved, That the chairman of this de
partment of the State Teachers 1 Association be
authorized and directed to appoint an execu
tive comrnitte« of not less than seven mem
bers with power to act in preparing a plan
for the orcranization and co-operation of the
members of the county boards throughout the
State, to the end that conflicts of power may
be avoided, confusion reduced to order, the
constitution b? followed in spirit as well as
in letter and a high grade of local super
vision be attained.
Resolved, That, this plan so propessd be
¦ submitted to the county boards for ratification
not later than Juiy 1. 1904.
Resolyed, . That the ..executive; committee
electj of, the association be requested . to. give
thiE department place on the programme of
the next annual association meeting.
Resolved, That the thanks of this depart
ment are due and are hereby tendered to the
retiring president. O. W., Erlewine, for . cre
ating this department .and. establishing the
precedent of Its' recognition.. as a potent tactor
in school administration. ...
Th« resolutions were so amended as to. make
P. M. FUher chairman of the executive com
mittee.
fessional man. He suggested that theL
teachers form an, organization on th«
line of trades unions for the purpose of
raising their salaries and mutually pro
tecting their interests.
That, the Idegartment of music has :
accomplished splendid results was dem
onstrated at the concert held in Stein
way Hall yesterday morning, under the
direction of Miss Estelle Carpenter.
The following programme was ren
dered: . ¦
Quartet of strings, Alex Stewart director:
sorgp, second and third grades. Golden Gate
Primary' School. San Francisco, Miss Marie
Kaplan teacher: class In sight singing, sixth
rrade. Spring Valley' Grammar . School, San
Francisco, Mies Julia C. Coffey teacher; violin
solo (selected). Master Raymond Durney, "Ear
Training," . Mips Cora Jenkins, Oakland; chil
dren's son~s, written and arranged by local
composers and sung by Miss Carpenter, (a)
"Lullaby" (Savannah). <b) "Rose Sons:" (Sa
vannah), (c) "Rockaby Boat" (Stovall): "Some
Alms Fundamental in Public School Music."
C, C. Van Llew, president Chico State Normal
School: class lessons and gongs bx children of
Alameda schools under the direction of Miss
Ida M. Fisher, supervisor of music, Alameda;
children's songs, sung by Mrs. Arthur Flck
enschen, • San' Francisco; "What I Saw, and
Heard in the' Vocal Studios of Paris," Mrs.
Marriner-Campbell, San Francisco; chorus,
fourth and fifth grades,. Garfleld Primary
School, M'.ss Annie M. Forrester teacher: dis
cussion, "Do the Schools Make Music Read
ers?" "How Can We Make the Grade Teach
ers "Most Enthusiastic?" by. supervisors ot
music. Miss Emily Dodge. Stockton; MUs Llda
Lennon, Chlco; Mrs. L. V. Sweesey, Berkeley;
F. F. Jeffers, Palo Alto: Milton -Lawrence, \
San Jose.» . _
Rooms 4 and 5 of the Mission High
School, where the Industrial Arts de
partment held its sessions, were s,plen
didiy decorated, under the auspices of |
the California Club, f<jr the purpose of j
suggestion and demonstration as mod- I
els of schoolroom art. Officers for the
ensuing year were chosen as follows:
*Chairman, A. B. Clark; secretary,
Charles H. Thorpe: directors— Miss j
Ball, E. E. Goodall, F. H. Meyer, Miss
Whittaker. Mrs. J. W. Orr of the Cali
fornia Club addressed the "gathering
from a club wojnan's standpoint. She j
said that while as a rule Boards of Ed
ucation would do nothing to improve
the appearance of schoolrooms they
-would willingly accept anything pre
sented to them. • Other addresses were
made by Mrs. A. G. White, C. P. Niel- j
son, Miss Emelia Kalisher, F. H. |
Meyer and Miss Katherine Ball. j
At the session of the County Boards i
ot Education the following resolution, I
introduced by Mr, Kepple of Los An- |
geles, was unanimously adopted: i
Perhaps the most important as weil a* the
most difficult duty cf a Board of Education
Is the selection of proper and efficient teach
ers. You may have elaborate courses of study
pr-pa vd by learned college professors or by
practical educators, you may have expensive
building*, fitted with modern improvements
and equipments, but unless you have good,
faithful end conscientious teachers you will
not i>« able to make a success of your educa
' tional work.
While this is important in all portions of
California, it is not so much so in districts
outsdc of San Francisco, where the mistakes
of appointment can be rectified at the opening
of the next school year by the failure to re
flect the teacher who has proved unsatis
factory, but In San Francisco it is of especial
importance, fcr here we have the life tenure'
'provision, which gives a teacher once elected
in the department a position for life. It \i a
good thing in this way: Teacher* should bf.
tree from the whims, caprices and personal
attacks of bc'ioo! directors. It has, however,
I understand, been somewhat criticized by
eome inurior teachers, who seem ' to think
that the result is not always as satisfactory
ss it should be. but I note that when we have
our annual examinations for teachers' posi
tions in this department we have numerous
Thoma5 P. Woodward's viftwa on the
law of tenu*' <•» applied to teachers
and his efforts to secure an Increased
annuity fund interested thv teachers
and they applauded many points in his
address. In part he spoke rs follows:
BOARD HAS ITS TROUBLES..
If you teach th^ee at all teach the local
cufctom of to-day, or, better still, leave the one
bey of your fchuo! who may in after life need
to "know these special things to learn them in
actual rrsctic* rather than give them to the
forty-nir.e who will never have use for them.
The" o'd idea of formal culture giving a dis
cipline which may be transferred to any occu
pation of later life does not accord with modern
thoupht and experience. Mental discipline may
be given by exorcise ur>on useful, up-to-date
thincr. We are ftill teaching English as
though It were an Inflected language. We are
posting the brains of children with subtle
distinctions fcund enly in the Latin grammar.
One-third the time now spent on grammar is
sufficient to teach all the thought relations
eyyntial to the use and appreciation of good
Knpllfh. Leave the subtleties of Latin to th«
Latin teachers. Leave the erammar of eld
English to the college professor.
In the primary grades we have cut out a big
curve in the teaching of reading and now go
direct to the thought expressed by the words,
but we are forcing upon children literature be
yond their appreciation.' Many emotions must
Walt upon physical development. The love of
a youth for a maiden awakened too early be
comes sickly sentimentality. Rvangeiine and
Enoch Arden are no poems for children. Rob
inson Crusoe. Arabian Nights, even HUckle
beiry Finn, at a certain period In the life of
a boy are far better. The literature of exalted
emotion should not be put before -the minds
of children. More of nature, more of manual
training more of modern life, more of work
adapted to the child's environment might re
place the things that should be eliminated from
th*> vresent course of study.
In other lines of business there Is constant
striving for better plant, better equipment.
New »nd more expensive machinery Is con
tirually replacing the older and cheaper. Type
for the <Vi;!y new«i»r*T Is no longer set by
hard, but by the ingenious Mergcnthaler. The
el»ctrir train Is fast supplanting the steam
car. \Y> r.eed more property constructed and
well furnifhed fcIjocI buildings, mor; beautiful
end attractive school rooms, more ample and
improved «rhool ground*, more attention to
rhysical education. These Increased school
facilities will cost money, but '- the business
world the most expensive equipment is usually
found to be the cheapest. It turns out the best
article; in the largest quantities.
WILIj ASK FOR MOKE MONEY.
I am pernuad'd that it !s my official duty to
ask the Stat" Lrrifdature at Its next session
to increase the State school tax rate from
$7 to $10 and to raise the minimum in the
counties from $S to *S per census child, and I
shall count uivni all friends of uubllc educa
tion, nil interested in the Industrial growth
of cur Stat<\ to Rive their earnest support to
advancement of these measures. The appeal
to local pride, to the tchool district alone, will
not answer, nor can the needed Increase, of
revenue b» left wholly to the counties. The
call for more, money must be made upon the
three hai^ily blended sources of our school
revenue!*— the Stst*. the' county and the dis
trict. Those who would leave cut the State
overlook the fact that public education in the
Etate'ti business and that a State tax Is the
most tqultable. for it affects all portions
alike. I would suggest that In seeking this
change In the minimum of State and county
levy it *lso be enacted that not Gnly all
of the State fund as now, but at least "5 per
cent of fie oratiiy fund annually, b* devoted
to the payment of teachers' nalarie*. and that
the law be risM and exacting that school
bulldlr.g* an<5 «>tner equipment be supplied by
the local dlftnr:.
Shivering with cold and wrapped up
in furs and winter Jackets thj teachers
of San Francisco and members of the
California Teachers' Association sat
through the third day's session of the
annual institute in the Alhambra Thea
ter yesterday afternoon. The commit
tee of arrangements had forgotten to
have steam turned on and iho big play
house was cuite cold. Despite the dis
comfort the pedagogues enjoyed the
excellent programme. The singing by
the children from the grammar schools
has been, as it always will be, a feat
ure of the sessions. Splendid addresses
were delivered by Thomas P. Wood
ward, president of the San Francisco
Board of Education, and James A.
Foshay, city superintendent of Los
Angeles schools. As on the previous
day the lecture by Professor S. H.
Clark of the University of Chicago
proved very interesting.
The session opened with ringing by
the pupils of the eighth grades of the
Hamilton Grammar School, under the
direction of Miss Ida R. Strauss. The
boys and girls showed good training,
singing In perfect harmony. They ren
dered "Flow Gently, Swe?t Afton,"
'"My Love Is Like the Red, Red Rose"
and Metcalfs beautiful "Absent." The
assemblage was appreciative and ap
plauded the efforts of the pupils. The
demand was so great that ths young
sters rendered "Absent" a second time.
. FAVORS HIGHER SALARIES.
At the conclusion of the singing
President JSrlewine introduced Thomas
J. Kirk, State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, who .delivered an ad
dress on "The Output." Tha speaker
struck a responsive chord in the hearts
of his auditors when he said that
"teachers are the most poorly paid of
all public servants. Policeman and let
ter-carriers are better paid and have
permanency of employment." In part
he said:
Thr aim of the modern business world is to
produce the vcrv best goods at the least ex
pense or cutlay. To this end the manufacturer
is trying to secure better raw material, better
machtiK-rv and more skillful workmen. The
school rriuM take it? j>lace amonc. business
enterprises. It employs more capital and more
labor i nan any other vnc industry in the whole
country; vet it? methods are in many respects
antiquated, it? equipment is comparatively
l*>or and its workmen are often unskilled. We
cannot Improve the raw material; that we must
take as it comeg to hand. Just as furnished us
by nature. We must, therefore. Improve our
equipment and train our workmen.
Traveling cast through Nevada and Utah,
we find 'he railroad Is everywhere cutting out
rurvts and reduCthS Kradei*. The roatibed of
the seventies will not do for th« Overland Lim
ited and the increasing traffic of to-day. In
education we are still traveling alone trails
made by the pioneers. The conrs? of etudy
is still encumbered with much that is useless.
We are *till teaching the spelling of apteryx.
caoutchouc and syzygy. We forset that the
child needs to learn only the words he will
probably have to use. Spelling i« not a pre
requisite to readinp. We may read many
tverds that we cannot ipelL I recognize the
Governor wfct never 1 meet him. but I coulJ
not draw his picture. I recognize in reading
many wordy which I could not picture with
my "r<n. Oar arkkmetic» 'are filled with
j.rcbloms whUti may have appealed to our fore
lathers, but which have no place in modern
!»u:~in<-ss life. Cut out the curves of hcunds
chasing hare? "of stock exchanges, average of
vaymfnts, true discount, frustums of cones,
etc. ' Reduce the grade of plastering, papering
and carpeting.
TEACH CUSTOMS OF THE DAY.
SEVEXTY-XINE AT FEAST
TBOUBLES ACCUMULATING
. .f . . . ..-...--¦
.Wprks. Board Excepts to Con
ditions of Spring galley for
Nineteenth. Avenue. Opening
Schillings Turn Shipping Court
Into Place of Vernal Beauty
in Honor of Traveling Men
Thomas J. Kirk, Superintendent of Public Instruction, > Believes
That Minds of Children Are Filled With Things That
Are of Very Little Value to Them in Battle "¦¦' of Life
Commissioners Are Confronted
With Demands for More Room
Than There Is for Applicants
BANQUET 'MIDST
MASS OF GREEN
ORDERS CHANGE
IN THE DEED
SPACE PROBLEM
IS UPPERMOST
ADVOCATES TEACHING PUPILS
SUBJECTS THAT ARE USEFUL
11
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1903.
A tjpw song. "Sadie Hade." by D.^lans
fleld. »-m be played at Golden Gate Park
by the band New Year's day. • £?/'"
Owing to the enorriious
demand for the tape meas-
ure, offered as a premium
to , Want Advertisers in
last Sunday's Call, another
supply ,Was ordered . . and >
the offer will be renewed
next Sunday .in order to^
give every Want. Adver-
tiser the opportunity to,*
secure one of these handy
articles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by these
Uttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress brra. Dyspepsia,
fcidigeslion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Doziness, Nausen, Dtott;!-
a~;s, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tcngry.
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Boweb. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Doso.
I Small Price-
TCUTtERY
EVERKELADDflRRANIH)
OCEAN TBAVEL.
yrtr'^'v Pfpamers l^ave San Fraa-
/£\S^ = - 3: Q4\ circo ai follows:
ArcL Vd\ For Ketrhikan,
/Qv / "^»^Sft VA J:irr»:iu. Haine*. Ska^uay.
I I vKt3S3k I J etc -- Alaska. — 11 a. ra.. Jan
1 V \w(&/ ./ 2. Chang'i to company's
VjJv Vi /SI etrnmers at Seattle.
\<?>~—^My For Victoria, Vancouver.
port Tcv.nsend. Seattle. Ta-
ccma. Everett. Whatcom — II
' a m.. .Tan. 2. Chanp* at S?attl«> to this com-
i rany's steamers for Alaska en.1 G. N. Ky. ; at
i Seattle cr Tacoma to X. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Hallvay.
For Eureka iHumboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1 : >0
p. m.. Dec. 30, Jan. 3; Corona, 1:30 p. »n..
Jan. '1. .
For I-C3 Ar,&efe3 (via Pert Los Ange.es ani
i Re<inn<U>>, San. Liieso sti'i Sar.ta Barbara— bat.-
| ta K«»a. Suniays. 0 a. m.
; Stat.* of California. Thursdays, ft a. m.
; For Los An«rcles 'via San Pedro and East
j Sa? Pedro. Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
' terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford *San
Luis Qbtspo), Ventura and Huenerr.e.
JCcos Ray, » a. ni.. Jan. 1. j
Bonita. !> a. m.. Pec. :'.l. Jan. R.
For Knsenada. llairilalena. Cay. i'an Jos<" d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Snma Ro-
salia, Guaymas (MeX.), 10 a. m., 7th of each,
month.
For further information cbtain folder.
Kight is referred to <:hanre steamers or satl-
! Ing dates.
TICKET OrPXCES — 4 New MontRom-
| ery street < Palace Hotel*. 10 Market street ana
Broadway w harvest.
Frelsrht office. 10 Market !»tre»-t.
C. D. DUNAXN. Oenernl Passenger AKsnt.
la Market street. Pan Francisco.
"Columbia" »aUa Jan. 8. is. 2S. Feb. 7,
17, 27 anJ ilarrh ». "George W. El-
der" sails Jan. li. ML 'Si, Feb. 2. 12. 22 an1
March 4. Only steamship lino to PORTLAND.
OK., and short rail lire from Portland to all
t joints East. Through ticket* to all points, all
rail or ste.iir.srh):> ami rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer sn!!a foot of Srear St.. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. On. Ast. Pass. Dept.. 1
MontsoTnery st. ; •'. CLIFFORD. Gen. ARt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st:
AMSEICAN X.XXTC:.
Plymouth — Cherboarjr — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:^0 a. m.
St Louis Jan., l»j St. Paul Jan. 23
New York Jan. 16.Philadelrh!a ...Jan. 30
SPECIAL NOTICE.
After January 1. 1904. American Line nteam- '
era from New York fcr Southampton will call
at Plymouth and Cherbourg to land malla and
passengers fcr Ticntlon and Paris,
i ATLANTIC TEASSPOBT LISTS.
Hew Tork — London Direct.
Mesaba.. .Jan. 9. » amiMIn'flca.Jar.. 2.1 9 am
M'n'tnlnee.Jan. 1B.9 amIMin'polis.Jan. 30. 3 pm
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
SOMIKIC2J Z.I2TE.
Portland — Liverpool— Short sea passage.
Dominion Jan. ":5;I>ominion Feb. 27
Canada Feb. 6,'Canada Mar. 12
E2D STAB X.IN2.
New York — Antwerp — Pari«.
: Zeel'd.Jan ». 1O:3O am'Zeel'd.Jan.2^. 10:30 am
| Krnl'd.Jan.ir.. 10:30 »m iFinl'd. Jan. :«>. 10:oO am
V7H11E STAS I.I1TE.
New York — Qucenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Ma jostle. Jan. 6. 10 am'Cedric Jan. 27. noon
Celtic Jan. 13. - pm! Majestic. Feb. 2. 10 am
Teutonic.Jan. 20. 10 anrOceanic. .Feb. 10. 1 pm
Boston — Queensto-wn — Iiiveroool.
Cymric Jan. XX Feb. IS, Mar. 17
Cretic Feb. 4. Mar. S. Mar. 31
BOSTOIT MEDITEESA^EAN SSEVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa. t
ROMANIC Jan. ltj. Feb. U7. Apl ?>
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC fnew) Feb. 13, Mar. £U
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Asrent Pacific Coast.
21 Post Bt., San Francisco.
I&^At&ERS. MARSEILLES. GEKQA^k I
EjgfKAPtES » ALEXANDRIA. £GYI>T.B(j
ROMANIC Jan. 16, Feb. 27.. Apl. 9
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2rt
(S<>nd . for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest in Medi-
terranean service.
First class, $t'5 upward.
Boston to Liverpool <>„«*««
CYMRIC Jan. 21. Feb. IS. Mar. 17
CRETIC Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
First class, $€3 upward. For plans, etc.,
address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-S1- State 8t..
Boston, or C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post »t.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkonp. calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
; s>ak.i and Shanghai, and connecting at Hons-
\ kong with steamers for India, etc- No cargo
received <".r» board on day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU (calling at Manila)
Wednewiay, December 30, 1003
S. S. AMERICA MAR17 -.
:....... Monday, January 23, 1304
5. S. HOXOKCNO MARU
Wednesday. February 17. 1904
Via Hcnolul'i. ! Rourd-trtp tickets at reduced
rates. • For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AAAanf^C 6T f A "*"""• mho*, am
oeeanics.s.co. s»ksb
6. S. SIKRRA. fcr Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Dec. 31. 8 p. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 9. 1004,
11 a. m.
S -S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Jan. 9, 1904.
if. jmSflli BM1.M., fgtL.TktitSTCa.143 brttfa
M^tltSa.123 EartttSURvlt. I.fadOe !L
- COMPAGNIB GE9E2AL5 TSAHSATLiCTIQtTS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
even.' Thursday instead of i«SJJ*Qf$
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. »*¦«•
North River, feet of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. -GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. V. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agerfts, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fran-'lsco.
Tickets sold bf all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or M.ONTICELLO —
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and S:."5O p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday, fl:45 a. ni.. S:UO p. m. Leave Vallejo.
i 7 a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. ni.. 4:15 p. m. -Fare, 5O cent*. Tel.
i Main 1503. P'.er 2. Mijsicn-st., dock, HATVU
BROS.
[ PUCE YOUR OBBEiis EARLY
|T" E 20th CENTURY!
1 COOK BOOK [
Another shipment will
arrive about January 21,
¦ 1904.
In order to satisfy the
; demand for this premium
we hare ordered another
carload of these books,
and all persons sending to -
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday
1 Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
. rate of 50c.
Out-of-jown subscribers should remit
20c additional io prepay iraisporttiiooBRITISH SHIP EURASIA. WHICH LEFT HERE DECEMBER 13 FOR QUEENSTOWN AXD WAS SIGHTED THE
OTHER DAY BY THE LINER MARIPOSA WITH SEVERAL SPARS GONE AND SHOWING OTHER EVI
DENCES OF BATTLE WITH ANGRY ELEMENTS. \
A. Speering, a fisherman, living at
2009 Dupont street, reported to the
police yesterday that his crab boat
had been stolen from Union-street
wharf on Tuesday and he had been
unable to find any trace of it. He
valued it at $75.
Loses His Crab Boat.
Francis Hanique filed a suit for sal
vage yesterday in the United States
District Court against the gasoline
launch Famiglia Unita. She alleged
that- on December 22 of this year she
saw the launch afloat and abandoned
about 100 feet from shore and waded
in at the risk of her life until she
caught hold of the end of a line and
beached the launch, the value of which
she alleges is $1500.
AVoman AVants Salvage.
While the case agreed upon by the
Board of State .Harbor Commissioners
and the" wholesale produce dealers of
this city to test the extent of the juris
diction of the Commissioners under the
Woodward law has been set by Judge
Sloss for January -8, counsel do not
think that the proceedings before Judge
Sloss will be final. The attorneys for
the Board of Harbor Commissioners
say that the Commissioners are deter
mined to have the law judicially de
fined, so that there may be no question
remaining relative to tWfe position of
the board. The question of the consti
tutionality of the law may be raised
by the interested parties in case the
decision" is^ against the produce men in
the case before Judge Sloss.
This case principally involves the
right of the Commissioners to with
draw permits that were granted upon
certain conditions, which the Commis
sioners say were violated by those
whose' permits have been taken away.
The issue of constitutionality, if it Is
to be raised, cannot well come up in
the case now before the court.
Prior to the setting of the date for
the case before Judge Sloss counsel for
the Harbor Commissioners moved for
dissolutions' of the temporary injunc- I
tlons that were granted in a number j
of cases. It is the intention of the j
Harbor Commissioners to press for dis
solution if counsel for the wholesale
produce men is not ready to go on in |
the case now considered acceptable as
a test of some phases of the law. The
reason for this is that the Commis
sioners wish to find out where they
stand legally and as soon as possible.
Mr. Reinstein says that his clients are
also anxious to have the matter de
cided.
Harbqj* Board Will Urge Dis
solution of Temporary In
junction if Dealers Seek Delay
DATE FOR PERMIT CASE
Constitutionality of Woodward
Law Will Be Determined in
Proceedings to Be Instituted
PROPOSE TEST
OF VALIDITY
TO SAIL.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
s. ;-Tlme and Height of High and Low Waters
f at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent. • . . •,;
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later; than at Fort Paint; the height
of tide. is. the eame at both places.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 31. "
Sun rises 1 :7 *25
Sun eets ............;.. . ..:.5 : 00
Moon ; sets ....;.. .....4:20 p. m.
C ITImel ITImel ITlme| , ITimel
» Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
g |L W| |H W| .,, [L , W| '|H ) W|
30 1:23 2.5 .7:46 5.7 2:47 0.0 9:65 4^2
31 2:18 »2.7 8:30 • 6.9 3:32 0.5 10:46 4.5
1 3:08 2.7 9:1a 6.1 4:17 1.0 11:21 4.6
2 3:57 2.6 10:00 6.3 5:00 —1.2 ..;.......'
- H,W| < - L AV H W L \V|
-3 0:10i 4.S 4:47 ,2.7 10:481 6.1! 5:471— 1.2
4 ,0:55^4.0:6:37 .2.7(11 :38|£fl.o( 6:31 —1.1
; B.| 1:3S|'.5.H 6:30| 2.7112:321' 5.8[ 7:17|— O.7
NOTE~In ; tha" above exposition of the tides
the early mornlnc tides ara; given in the left
Sun, Moon and Tide.
. Steamer. From. I Due.
l.Krlanaw. Tacoma I Dec. 31
Arctic. Humhoidt .....' [Dec. 31
Spokane Humboldt uec. .ii
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 31
Point Arena. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. 31
O.-W. Elder.. Portland &. Astoria. ... Dec 31
! Peru New York via Panama. Dec. ::i
Chico Coquille River |Dec. 31
> Mackinaw... Tacorna. |Dec. 31
Chehalls Grays Harbor |Dec. 31
Phoenix Mendocino iD'ec. 31
San Pedro... San Pedro [Jan. 1
Coronado.... San Pedro ., Jan. 2
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Portsjjan. 1
Olympic San Pedro. ....'. |Jan. I
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports .... Jan. 2
Eureka...... Humboldt Jan. 2
Iaqua Oral's Harbor Jan. 2
R. Dollar.... San Pedro : . Jan. 2
Del Norte Crescent City [Jan. 3
Coptic China & Japan [Jan. 3
Centralia. . . . Grays Harbor |Jan. 4
Pomona Humboldt I Jan. 3
Rival Willapa -Harbor Man. :j
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor 'Jan. 4
S.Monica San Pedro jjan. 4
State of Cal. San Diego & Way Pts. | Jan. 4
S.Barbara... Pa« Pedro |Jan. 4
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 5
Alamt-da Honolulu Jan. 5
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Jan. ft
Areata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jjan. 6
San Juan.... .\V\v York via Panama. j.l an. 1
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... I Jan. 7
North Fork.. Humboldt I Jan. T|
Serbia Seattle (Jan. 10
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma |Jan. 10
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
December 30, 1003. i
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon tp-day —
i. e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. ni. Graenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
3iovements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, sls
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
*lgn precedes the height, and then the number,
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Arrived Dec 30 — Schr Ruby, hence Dec 20."
ABERDEEN— Salhd Dec 30— Stmr Centra
lla, for- San Pedro; etmr Newburg, for Re
dondo: schr Marion, for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr West
port, hence Dec 29.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Dec 30— Schr
John A Campbell, hence Dec 1(5, for Port
Gamble; schr Expansion, from San Pedro, for
Tacoma.
Sailed Dec 30— Br bark Iverna. for Callao.
REDONDO— Sailed Dec 30— Bktn Newsboy,
for Tacoma.
Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Melville Dollar, hence
D«c 2S. '
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 30— U S stmr Ken
tucky U S atmr Oregon. U. S stmr Wiscon
sin U S rtmr Now Orleans. U S stmr
Raleigh, 1; H stmr Cincinnati and US stmr
Albany, all for Manila, via Guam.
Arrived Dec A\v— Schr Alice Cooke, . hence
Dec 5: shin Marlon Chilcott, hence Dec 11,
stmr Conemaugh, from Seattle.
Sailed Dec 30— Stmr AlairTeda, for San Fran
cisco.
. KAHULUI— Arrived Dec 30 — Stmr Nevadan
from Honolulu.
. EASTERN PORTS.
JsEW TORK— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Segu
rancar for Colon. '
n-m HI^ ADEI i I>HIA - ArTlved Dec 20-ShIp
Tillie iS Starbuck. from Honolulu. . .
. FOREIGN PORTS
IQUIQUE— Arrived Dec 27— Br. ship Eva
Montgomery, from Vancouver
TAHITI— Arrived Nov 27— Dan bark Ter
cera. from Marquesas Islands
Sailed Nov 22— Fr bark Sully, for Val
paraiso. Nov 20 — Ft war stmr Protet. for
Valparaiso. Nov 23— Stmr Excelsior, for Syd
ney: Fr bktn Fanny, for Sydney
HULL— Arrived Doc 20— Ger ship Sylphide,
hence Aug 4. " :
MAZATLAN — Arrived Dec 20 — Schr Vega
hence Dec 12. '
¦¦ VICTORIA— Arrived Dec 30— Br stmr Amur,
from Alaska.
i HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 30-Stmr Gaelic,
from San Francisco, via Honolulu land Toko
hama. ¦ ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Dec 30— Stmr Rotter
dam, for Rotterdam: .stmr Cedric -for Liver
pool.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Ama
teldyk," from New York.
Arrived Dec 30— Stmr San Gabriel, from
TTmpqua: schr Azalea, from Redondo- schr
Esther Buhne, from San Pedro i
Sailed Dec 30— Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Francis H Leggett, for Port
land, Or. "
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Queen,
hence Dec 27.
Sailed Dec 30— Stmr Umatllla. for San
Francisco.
BANDON. Or— Arrived Dec 30— Schr On
ward, herce Dec 2L
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec SO— Schr Forester,
from ReUondo: schr. Alvena, from San Pedro.
PORT HARFX5RD — Arrived Dec 30 noon
Stmr W II KruB«>r, hence Dec 29
Sailed Dec .JO, fi p m— St'mr Santa Barbara,
for San Francisco.
PORT , LUDLOW— Arrived Dec 30— Schr
John A Campbell, hence Dpc 16.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Dec 30— Stmr
San Pedro, for San Francisco.
¦ FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 30— Stmr South
Coart. for San Francisco.
' TJMPQUA— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr San Ga
briel, for San Periro.
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 30— Stmr Spokane, for
San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 30, lo p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC POP.TS.
Nov 28, lat 55 S, Ion 81 W. Fr bark Em.
pereur Menellk, hence Oct 2. for Queenstown*
Nov 2S, lat 55 S, Ion 79 W, Fr bark Noemi,
from Shields, for San Francisco..
Dec 12, lat 2 N, Ion 27 W. Fr bark As
nleres, from Cardiff, for Honolulu.
Per stmr MarlDosa, from Tahiti Dec 30 —
Dec 28, lat 30 35 N, Ion 120 57 W. Br ship
Eurasia, heace Dec 13. for Queenstown, with
no main yard or main topsail yard. No an
swer received to our signals, f
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
Rtmr Xavarro. Weber. Westport.
.Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Grays Harbor.
- btmr CoQuCle River, Sanford. Crescent City.
¦ IJ S stmr Bennlneton. Thomas. Panama.
U S torpedo boat Paul Jones, Davidson. Pa
nama.
U S torpedo boat Preble, Davidson, Panama,
Jap etmr Nippon Maru, Greene. Honolulu,
Yokohama, Manila and Hongkong.
Br shlo Simla, Steele, Port Townsend. '
Kchr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
FROM SEATTLE.
The Overdue List.
Th« rate of reinsurance on the overdue Paris
Eteamer. For.; Sails.
Cottage City. Skagway A Way Ports. Jan. 1
Excelsior. ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Jan. 2
Farallon Skagway A Way. Ports. Jan. 3
Dolphin...... Ekagway& Way Ports. Jan. 9
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 10
The nchooner PeatI arrived yesterday 13
days from Sand Point with 35,000 codfish. On
November. 17, during a northeast gale, John
Filkman, a oeaman, was washed overboard
and drowned.
« T
Ijoses Man Overboard.
Henri Delagnes, keeper of a sailor
boarding-house, was arrested yester
day by the United States Marshal on
a complaint charging him with hav
ing held the kit of FVtedrich William
son, a sailor, for an alleged debt. De
langes was released on hia own recog
nizance, he having agreed to surrender
the kit.
Seaman's Kit Held.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Cu
racao arrived yesterday from fiuayraat . She
brought about thirty passengers and nearly
900 ton* of cargo'. Her freight, as usual, in
cluded a large shipment of live turtles. She
also brought treasure valued at about $100,
000.
Curacno Conies From Mexico.
Sailors Demand Salvage.
United States District Judge de
Haven : yesterday took under advise
ment the suit of H. H. Rees and fifty
other members of the crew of the
United States steamer Justin to re
cover $50,000 salvage for saving: 300
tons of silver bullion and other valu
ables from the United States steamer
Tosemite at Guam during a fierce ty
phoon. The Yosemlte was lost No
vember 14, 1900.
T*e Pacific Mail Company's steamships City
of Panama snd Aztec sailed yesterday for
Panama by way of the coffee ports, where
large Ehiomf-nts of the product are awaiting
vessel* to carry them to market. The Siberia
was moved yesterday to the berth vacated by
the City of Panama, and the Peru, due to-day,
will have to anchor In th» stream until the
accumulation of freight has been cleared- in
part from the dock.
City of Panama and Aztec Sail.
. Captain Sanders of the British ship Sir
Robert F«m!s. which arrived Tuesday night
from Cardiff, reports having passed a huge,
barnacled log In latitude 27 25 north, longi
tude 127' 18 west, and on December 16 in lati
tude 30 fiS north, longitude 127 34 west, he
righted a similar menace to navigation. The
voyage of the Sir Robert' Fernle was etromy.
Captain Sanders declaring that he never before
encountered »o many and such terifflc north
west gales.
Dangers to Shipping.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 31.
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way .. 9 am Pier 11
Sierra Sydney & Way .. 8 pm|Pier 7
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmiPier 2i>
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm|Pler 16
January. 1. I I
North Fork. Humboldt 1 B pm|Pler 20
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 12 m'Plcr S
January 2.1 I
Coronado.. Grays Harbor J 4 pmiPier 10
Samoa..... Los. Angeles Ports. 10 ami Pier 2
Lakme..... I^os Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
SanPedro.. Humboldt. 12 m Pier 2
Spokane Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Pt Arena.. Pt. Arena *: Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Acapulco. . . N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Chico Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 2
I Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier t
I Arctic Humboldt 0 am|Pi--.r 2
¦ Aicata Coos B-Pt. Orford.|10 am|Pler 13
Empire Coo* Bay - direct. ..|12 ml Pier IS
January 3.
1 O W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2-t
Centralta..; Angeles Porta. 4 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
. ¦--". January 4.
S Monica.. Grays Harbor ..:. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Humbouit t» am(Pi»r l.t
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 amIPler 11
S Barbara. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pmiPier L'
January 5. I - '^'^o
Pomona.... Humboldt 11:30 p Pier. 9
Rival .... Willapa Harbor... | 4 pm Pier 2
January 6. | <
MariDOsa. .. Tahiti dtrect. 11 am Pier . 7
Umatllla... Puget jk.und Ports. 11 am Pier 'J
January 7.
Siberia..... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao.:.. Mexican Pcrts...:. 10 amjPter 11
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 ami Pier 2
January 8. I
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
January. 9. I I
Peru....... N. Y.. via Panama, 1 12 mlPier 40,
Alameda...) Honolulu ..( 2 pm|Pier 7
Wednesday, December 30.
Stmr Aberdeen, Daniels, 76 hours from Port
land. • ..-...-- .
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 45 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Pcmo. Winkel, 14 hours from Mendo
cino, via Point Arena 10 hour*.
Ptmr Gualala, Hansen, 12 hours from Ben
dent Landing.
Stmr Fulton, L*e, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Prentlss, AhUtrom, 29 hours from
Trinidad.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. ' • <
Stmr Mariooea, Rennie, 12 days 14'i hours
from Tahiti.
Stmr North Fork, Neleon, 20 hours from
Eureka. .-
Stmr Curacao. Paulaen, 11 days from Guay
mss, etc.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 6S hours from Coos !
Bay. ¦ .
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 73 hours from
Gray* Harbor; bound : south; put In to land
passenger*. j .
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, 0 days from Port
land, ¦ via Coo« Bay 3 days, via Eureka 24
hours. - .
Stmr Empire, Maegwnn, 60 hours from Coos
Bay. ~
Br ship Drumburton, Thomas, 69 days from.
Manila. - ,
Schr Ida A, Campbell. 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Advent, Olsen. 7 days from Coos 1 Bay.
Schr Pearl, Soderholm, 16 days from Sand
Point.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. December; 30.'
Stmr City , of Panama, > Porter, Panama and
Champerico; Pacific Mall Steamship Co. . •
Jap • stmr Nippon Mam. Qreene, : Honolulu.
Yokohama,- Manila and Hongkong; W H
Avery. agent. ,
.- SAILED.: . - .- :
Wodneeday, December • 30.
' Stmr Aztec, Robinson, San Jose de Guate
mala. • •¦ • . - ¦ • v --¦ • ¦'•¦
Stmr City of Panama, Porter, Panama and
way ports. - , " ' • % .
Stmr Acme. Lundtjulst, Eureka.'
• Pttnr- Elizabeth. Jensen, Coqullle River."
Stmr Pomona, = Swanaon.' Eureka. '
• Ptmr, Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. : ¦¦
Stmr Brunswick, EUefsen, Fort Brags; '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Lieutenant Duke will be sworn in
as captain by Chief Wittman on Sat
urday and will rr^eantime be assigned
to take charge of the Central district.
Captain Dunleavy was 'to have sent in
his resignation yesterday, to take ef
fect on April 1, but failed to do so.
The matter will be taken up at the
meeting of the Pension Board on Mon
day. George Kelly, the photographer
of the department, will retire to-day
and George H. Blum, who joined the
force about a year ago, will fill the va
cancy. Blum was formerly a pho
tographer. .
Changes in Police Department.
passengers, the Oceanic Steamship Company's
lin*r Sierra' will sail at 8 o'clock this evening
for Honolulu and the Antiiwdcs. Dr. F. W.
Goding, United States Consul at Newcastle,
New South Wales, will be a passenger. B. N.
Ltaughlln, agent for the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company at Monterey, goes as far as
Honolulu on the liner. Mies E. Lewthwalte,
a well-known East Oakland young lady, will
be a passenger to Honolulu, from where she
goes to Maul to take charge of a school. A
number of aromincnt colonials will be unions
the passengers.
With a larg; <arjro aa>\ full complement of
* Sierra SaiLs To-XiRht.
• Th» steamer City of Panama smiled yesterday
for Panama with an assorted cargo en route
to New York valued at £40.424. and including
the following: 41.820 gals wine. 2880 lbs rice,
19.r,10 lbs dry hide*-. 40ft,220 lbs pig lead. 18,423
lbn lead dross, 75 flasks quicksilver, fi cs dry
good?. 20rt sks grape root and 00 .bales Junk.
The steamer also carried 250 cs canned sal
mon, valued at J800. for Barbadoes Island.- ISO
rp Fame, valued at $000, for Port of Spain,
inland of Trinidad, and 21,000 lbs dried prunes,
valued at $5."0, for Rotterdam; Holland.
Cxports via the Isthmus.
A. Le Mayerer de Merprus, who says he is
the Bon of a rich Belgian artist, deserted yes
terday from the British «hip Ben Deanr, laid
up at BausaMto. Merzmis Jumped overboard
with a clothes bac rilled with corks tied around
his waist. He was picked up off Sausalito
by Frank Cavalo, a fisherman, who landed the
deserter at Meipgs wharf. Merprus sayo h» is
21 years old. His father, h» says, raid 3.'(>
francs to th» owners of the Ben Dearg to
teach Merprus Junior the science of naviga
tion Instead of teaching him, he declares,
the people on board made him work, abused
him fhamefully, fed him insufficiently and
k»rt him to all intents and purposes a pris
oner.
SaiLs lo Freedom on Clothes Bag.
The Japanese liner Nippon Maru, Captain
William Woodus Greene, tailed yesterday for
the Orient, deeply laden with freight and car
rying more then a hundred passengers. Of her
Eixty-eeven cabin passengers forty-seven, most
ly Government employe*, were booked for Ma
nila, often the Nippon calls after leaving
>Tagafci)ki. She carried forty Chinese, of whom
three wfre remanded and three deported. Her
j.assengeni included the following named:
For Yokohama— T. Aoki. Mrs. T. Aoki, S.
Hlraoka. M. Jto, A. F. Reid, T. Tanaka.
Nagasaki— E. A. Merritt, L. W. Merritt,
Mr*. U. W. Merritt.
Manila— Miss M. Ardery. William Auerbach,
J. W. Baumgardrier. Mrs. J. XV. naumgardner,
IL A. IJIalr. H. Borgstadt, H. W. Brown. J.
«;. Brown. Mr?. J. CJ. Brown, Peyton Carter,
cj. P. Cowan. C B. Crabtroe. A. C Derkum,
Mrs. A. C. Derkum. C. Ii. Dfcklnjion, Mrs. C.
K. Pickinaon and Infant, John Geraghty, V.
I}. Gibson. H. G. Herold. Dr. Max Herzog, W.
Lamont. L. D. Lockwood. J. A. McGuffin. H.
¦J? MllliF. Theodore Muller, F. S. Nicholn, J.
H. 1'eat. E. H. Rabun. S. W. Record. S. A.
Hoberts, L. A. Salinger. I3rr. M. L.. Sawyer,
Mrs. J. B. Shellenberger. Mrs. G. W. Simmie.
W. A. Smith. A. Steinrauf. Byron Stevens)
1Z. R. Tarwater. V. M. Thompson. G. Wagen
lander Jr.. C. A. Webster. L.. P. Willis.
Hongkong — W. L.. Farnham. Miss J. IlarriR,
F. n. e" Jacob. Mrs. H. L. Keith, Miss F.
Meyers. Mrs. .1. B. Pascoe and Infant, Mrs.
M; M. Rudd. W. B. White, Mrs. W. B. White.
To Join at Honolulu— M. A. Hauachlld, Elxto
Lopez.
Nippon Maru Sails.
Kncounters Many Gales.
The British ship Drumburton, cj days irora
Manila, In ballast, arrived yesterday after a
i cry *;ormy ravage. There were two deaths
iuiing the voyage. Mrs. Ellen Dorr of Day
ton. Ohio, who with her daughter Elizabeth
and s.^n Albert left Manila on the big foui
rr.ester. died No\ ember 'Z and was buried at
«ea. She was €2 years cf age and a native of
thin. Roberto Martinez, a seaman, native cf
Valparaiso and 20 years c!d. died November
7 from injuries received three days before
through an explosion of coal tar in the fore
peak. The Drumburtcn battl'd for fifty days
¦ ith northeasterly cales. and November 8. In
latitude 20 north, longitude 124 east, encoun
t»r<sd a tj-tihcon which lasted three days and
Merchandise for the Orient.
The JaDanose eteamer Nippon Maru sailed
yesterday for Hongkong via Honolulu, Yoko
hama and Manila with a general merchandise
cargo valued at $225,118. exclusive of treasure,
and distributed as follows: For Japan, $h(»,5".">;
Philippine. Islands, 973.405; China, $«S8,«10;
Ea«t Indies, $1505; Korea. $425; Vladivostok.
$ti48. The leading exports were us follows:
To Japan — 500 bbls flour, 25S gals wine, 915
lbs 1 cs dried fruit, 530 lbs raisins, 404 lbs
nuts, :J49O lbs 3 cs mlllstuffs. 433S lbs 2 ct
cheese, 4KS2 11)3 ham and bacon, 130 cs canned
goods, 407 lbs bread, 202 gals 9 cs whisky,
t)N cs table preparations, 07G lbs butter, 7 pkgs
sroceries and provisions. 240 lba cod&sh. 120
libls beef. U pkga potatoes, 0 pkgs fresh fruits.
5295 lbs dried fish, 241 rolls 3 cs leather, 9
bales hes*-, 24 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 50
flasks quicksilver. 29" bxs soap, 47,019 lbs
sheet leail, 3o,0:!r< lbs asphaltum. 800 bales cot
ton, 98 cs paints, 23 cs drugs, 7 cs arms and
ammunition, 18 cs boots and shoes. 4 pkga
agricultural implements. 59 pkgs machinery, 6
pkgs electrical supplies. .
To Philippine Islands — 6482 cs canned goods.
30 cs honey. 8S80 lbs bread, 14,400 lbs 5 pkga
millstuffs, 5 cs syrup. 100O lbs raisins, 10,025
lbs coffee, .5CKt lbs candy. 21 cs .table prepara
tion?, 10C0 bales hay. 517 ctls oats, 2550 crts
potatoes. .100 crts onions. 1611 lbs ham, 40 c»
; salmon, 250 lbs codfish, 252 gals wine. If) cs
Apices. C25 cs 150 gals whisky, 2680 gals 1 cs
liquors. 50 pkgs fresh fruit!". 14 cs ¦ extracts.
3T&4 lbs smoked meat. 6 :>kgs provisions, 600
pkgs beer. 17 pkgs electrical supplies. 13 pkga
agricultural implements, 1773 pkprs army fur
niture. 30 pkgs arYns and ammunition, 14 pkgs
pipe. 220 kegs white lead. 125 cs paints, 90 cs
3 bbls oils. 2 cs hats, 21 bales hose, 4 cs dry
j goods, 60 pkgs machinery. 12 cs boots and
shoes, 3 bdls oars, 45 pkgs drugs.
To China — 9SOO bbls flour, 3227 lbs ginseng.
8100 lbs pearl barley. 2140 lbs dried fish, .1
pk^R provisions. 094 lbs raisin*, 5150 lbs. dried
fruit, S49 lbs cheese, 317 cs canned goods, 035
lbs meals. 190 pkgs beer. 152 cs whisky, 2915
lbs beans 1900 lbs codfl«h. 98 pkgs fresh fruits,
207 lbs ham and bacon, ] 10 es table prepara
tions. 7 cs syrup, 102 c» soap, 2 cs boots and
shoes. 10O Ib5 starch.
To East Indies — IP." cs salmon, 201 cs canned
goods. 20 cs mlllptuffs, 484 cals.wlne.
To Korna — 330 lbs meals. 6 cs canned goods,
571 lbs bread, 3 pkgs groceries and provisions,
1 cs drugs.
Ta Vladivostok— 13,750 lbs dried fruit.
The barkentine S. X. Castle returns to Hono
lulu with general cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Delayed for several hours beyond her
schedule by head winds, the Oceanic
Steamship Company's liner Mariposa
arrived early yesterday morning from
Tahiti. Her cargo included 79,410 cocoa
nuts, 4146 sacks of copra and other
tropical products. She brought seven
teen passengers.
Captain Rennie spoke the British ship
Eurasia December 28 in latitude S0.35
north, longitude 126.57 west. The wind
jammer had lost her main yard and
main topsail yard, and evidently had
been pretty roughly handled since De
cember 13, when she left this port for
Queenstown. • So serious was the ap
parent plight of the Britisher that Cap
tain Rennie changed his course and by
signals asked Captain Hughes of the
Eurasia if the liner could be of service
to the sailing ship. No notice, however,
was taken of the Mariposa's signals.
The offer of assistance was not even
acknowledged. This kind of discourtesy
is not common on the ocean highway,
and if Captain Hughes is not suffering
from tingling ears the comment on hia
conduct made yesterday at the Mer
chants' Exchange failed of its fabled
effect. As far as Captain Rennie could
judge the Eurasia is heading for Hono
lulu for repairs.
The Mariposa's passengers included
the following named: Mrs. M. Monler,
F. J. Pucher. H. J. Heiner. G. R. Rich
mond, F. Levy. L. L.e Gouellec, T. Love
land, Mrs. M. T. Chaffey, G. Chaffey
and T. E. Bunkley,' wife and two chil
dren.
was advanced yesterday to 70 per eejit. The
W. J. Pirrie was marked up to 15 per cent
and the Ixx-h Bredan to 70 per cent. . . •
Offers to Pay H«£h Rent.
An rrfort was madf at yesterday"* meeting
of ih«- S*at<> Board of Harbor Commissioners to
oust Foster & Orear. who for twenty years
lave enjoyed the exclusive new* stand rights
la the Ferry depot. For the time /"ing the
effort tailed, but by the attempt the State win
csfn rir her returns from the privilege in ques
r on r esident Spear Introduced a resolution
the privilege from Fo«er & Orear.
xvho have been paying a rental of $43© a month,
to John D. nooney. the president s hrother-in-
„ ¦ ;,-ho agreed to pay $000 a month. Thirty
,;avi- notice of the intended change was to be
riven "o the pment tenants. Ex-Judge \an
Fieet who wa« present in the interest of Foe
te- &' Orear. said that inasmuch as his clients
had t>»en tenants of the State for twenty years
nr.i had always cheerfully and promptly paid
vbitfv^r rental th^ Com miss toners ask^d, coin
rr.on courtesy »ntiUed them to be Riven an op
portunity so refuse the proposed raiee. On be
half cf Foster & Orear he then introduced an
offer whereby they agreed to pay J11S0 a month
lor a continuance of their present privileges.
"The offer is ridiculous, move the adoption
of the resolution, " «ald President Spear. After
a consultation, however, the Commissioners or
dered the matter laid over until the next meet-
Ooveracr Tard'e and Mayor Schmitr filed
their approvaJ of the Jetting of the seawall
r-ontract to Gray Bros, and that matter was
finally disposed "of. Secretary James M. Fey
notified the board that after January's obliga
tions had been paid the Fan Francisco Harbor
Improvement Fund would «how a surplus In
the State Treasury of. fSl.CSS 37- He sug
gested that this money could be. used to liqui
date a'.l debts outstanding to the end of July
and the State save some $1494 in discounts by
the transaction. M. K. Arnerlck was reap
jiointed Wharfinger and Donald de V. Greham
«ap appointed Wharfinger to succeed A. J.
Ha'.flng.
Household utensils, such as dishes,
serve a strange purpose in the home
of Edward niley. if the allegations con
tained in his complaint for divorce are
to be believed. He says Sara Rilcy, to
whom he *"as married several years
a;o , has a habit of throwing them at
his head that at times renders his life
miserable. lie says she occasionally
varies the programme by throwing a
lamp or a clock at him. Once, he says
she stabbed him with a pair of scissors.
Dr. W. B. Estes. who was married to
Myrtle Estes in 1901, wants a divorce
because he is not allowed his liberty.
He alleges that on two occasions his
wife locked him in his room, and once
while they were living at the Winches
ter Hotel she had him removed by force
from his apartments and taken to a
private sanitarium. He says she also
interferes with his patients.
Suits for divorce were filed by Mar
garet I. McNamara against Nicholas J.
McNamara for cruelty. Orelio Capurro
against Louisa T. Capurro for infidel
ity and Julia Love against George Love
for desertion.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted by Judge Graham to W. B.
Griffith from Grace D. X- Griffith for
desertion and Clara M. Dugan from
Edward F. Dugan for cruelty. Dugan
threatened to cut out his wife's heart.
and abused her roundly when she
asked him for money to purchase food
for their children. Judge Kerrigan
granted Jennie Lloyd an interlocutoVy
decree of divorce from Hubert Lloyd
for desertion.
Dr. W. B. Estes Asks for
Lc*ral Separation on Ground
That His Spouse Is Cruel
FILES SUIT FOR DIVORCE
Edward Itilcy Says His Wife
Uses Them as Weapons and
Throws Them at Ills . Head
UTENSILS SERVE
A NEW PURPOSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY. DECEMBER 31, 1D03.
Oceanic Steamship Company s Liner Manposa Arrives From Tahiti.
Captain Rennie Offers Assistance to' British Ship Eurasia
But Receives Silent Snub for His Good Intentions
BRINGS CARGO OF TROPICAL
PRODUCTS FROM SOUTH SEAS
12
CALIFORNIA *
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
¦! LEAVES DAtLY
\ at J):.'1O a. m., throuarn in ;j fiayg.
; v?lth diner and all trapping*;.
i Other Santa Fe Trains:
in-mMJI'l for Stockton. Fresno, Bakerafleld.
S-OOp'mJ Merced - Hanford and Vlsalta.
4jOO p. m. for Stockton.
I 8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and |
j Chicago.
> TICKET OFFICE— €41 Market St., and
Ferry Depot. S. F. Alio 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 Sonta First
St., San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCUl) ANu HUKTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN PSANCISCO TO SAXT BATAZL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00 11:00 a. m.; 12:S5,
3:30. 5:10. 6:."?0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30. 5:00 0:20 11:30 p. m.
SAN KAFAEL TO SAST PEANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS — «:05. 7:35 7:50 9:20. 11:13
a. m. : 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. r»:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and C:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. 9:40 11:15 a. m.; 1:40 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlre
SanFrancl3co.| Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
"Week J Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Wtek
Day*. I daya. | tlon. | days. I Day a.
7:30a 8:00a ~~ 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p . 6:05 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:00. p 7 :35 p
7:30a! 9:10at 8:40a
8:00 a N'orato., 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 0:30 a Petalurda ( R:«5p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and ~fZ5 p
5:00 pj Santa Rosa.
7:30 al I 10:40 a 10:20 a
|8:00al Fulton. 7:33 p «:2u p
3:30 p| 3:30p|-
| "Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 al Healdaburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30al 8:00a Hopland. 110:40 a|10:20*
3:30 p| 3:30 p and Uklah { 7:35 p| 6:20 p
~7:30a| 8:00 aj Wlillts. | 7:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:0O al "" 110:40 a{10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a I S :00 a I Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40~a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. |6:05p| 8:20 p
"7:30 a] 8:00 a | |To:4O a|loT2O a*
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect -at .Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs ; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake.
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside Llerly'sl
Buckneirs. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche." Camp
Stevens. Hopkins Mendocino City Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal: at Wlllits for Fort Brags
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. I.ayton-
ville Cu'mmlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
cen'e. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. ChronlcU
building.
H C. WHITING R. X. IIYAX
Gen. Manager. . G«a. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
' Leave Tia Snaiito Ittrj Arrlre *
SaaFrandico r»ttfl*rktl& SanFrandsca
Week San- BB "" San- I Week
JDays^ days jSjSSSpSSW day* Days.
•HlJi "h.ooa l«:O5ri0740l
•l:46r 9:OOa JBSSkSB l:35r 3:SOp
8:15p1O:OOa »:»0p 3:5Or
11:OOa 'illJSSy 4:5Op t:»O»
tmattX salt ttip kt * iiyem ni XtQrw tfc^
nCKT 1 626 Market ST^(Norlh Shore Railroad)
OfftCB I aad Sausaixto Fsxkv. Foot Market St.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
'
Pears'
People have no idea how
crude and cruel soap can be.
It takes off dirt. So far,
so good; but what else does
it do.
It cuts the skin and frets
the under-skin; makes red-
ness and roughness and
leads to worse. Not soap,
but the alkali in it.
Pears' Soap has no free, al-
kali in it. It neither reddens
nor roughens the skin. It re-
sponds lo water instantly; wash-.
es and rinses off in a twinkling; is
as gentle as strong; and the
after-effect is every way good.
over i»= years,
aamismiwin rmtMnfJmftXnt
s 9MJ£&W««E&9r}J:!P
»AN FUANC1SCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market. Street )
LBats — Kkov Dimtaia J9. 1303. — A«»rri
7.00a V«c*TiIIe. Wluteri. Rumiey 7-55P
7.00a Benlcl*. Sulsan. Elmira »ad 8«cr»-
mmtu 7-25P
7.30a Vsllejo, K»[>a. Callttoea. Santa
ltoaa. Martinez. Sim R»mon 825?
740a Kllea. Llvermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7.25?
800* 8bait* Kxpr-M— (Via Darta).
William! (for Dartlett Springs),
Willow*. tFruto, Keti Dlul.
Portland, T aroma. Seattle 7-55?
i 3 00» Dav!i.U'o«>r»3rt. KnUIU* f.iirt'.aj,
Marrirltle. Orotllle 7.55»
8. 30*. Port Costa, Marttnex. Anr'oo j.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Lo* llano*. M e o <1 o t a.
Armona. H.af-.r.l. Yiialla.
PorterTllle . 4.2S»
830* Port Coata. Martlaei. Tracy. Lath-
rt»p. Modrtto, Jlerced, Fretao.
(ios&«n Junction. II aa ford.
VUalla, Bakersfleld «.55»
8-30* Nile*. San .low. Llvermore. Si.x-i-
ton.(tMtltan). lone. Sacraminto.
' . Placerrine. Marysvllle. Cbteo.
lied Blnff *Z5r
1 8-30* Oakdale. Cbineie. Jamestown. So-
nora. Taolumne and Angplt 42SP
9 00a Atlantic Exprest— OftdenaadEau. 11.25a
9.30a Richmond, Martinet and Way
Stations 8 oSr
10 00a The Orerland Llmltea — cgden,
Denrer. Omaha, Chicago 8z5f
1000* Vallejo« 12.25*
10.00* Lo « Anreles Passenfrrr — Port
Coita. Martinez. nyr.>n. Tracy,
La:hr->(>. Stockton. Merced.
HayiuonJ. Fres:io, Gaahen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore. VUalla,
BakfMlleld. Lo« Anstele* 7.2Si*
12 C0« Hayward. Nl>»an-1 Way Station*. 3 2*?
t'-OO? Sacr*mento Ittrer S teamen Ml -00*»
i.iOr Denlela. fflnwri. Sacramento.
WooHUnd. Knlifht* LanJlnfr.
MaryaTli:e, OruTllle and way
¦ cartons 10-55*. .
J.JOf Hayward. Ntlet and Way auttons.. 7 ojp
3 ZQr i"ort Co»ta, Martinrz. Bjron.
Tr*cy, Lathrop. Mode* to,
Merced, Fresno and Way Su-
' tlons beyond Port ».'o*ta 1225*
330f Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lo.II... 1025*
4. 00p Marttnez.San lUmon. Vallcjo.Kapa,
Callatoga. Sintm Kusa. 9 25*
4 OOp Nllea. Tracr. Stockton. LoJI 4.25"
430r Haywar-I. Nile*, lrrlnston. Saa \ '85 j*
Joie. Ltrermore I ti 1.55a
6.00p Th« Owl Limited— Newm*n. Loa
iianos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare.
HakertOeld. Loi Angeles.
Golden State LtratleU Sleeper.
Oakland to Loa Angele*. for Chi-
cago, Tla C. R. I. * P — 8.53a
5. 00p PurlCo»ta. Tracy. Stock:. >a 1225p
t5 iOr Hayward. Stlea and San Jose 7 23*
6.C0p Hayward. Kllet and San Jo*e 9 aa*.
6.00r Eastern Expre»»— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Lou!*. CHlcago >»:rt
Kait. Tort Costa, ilenicla. 8ul-
iub, Elmira. l»av!a. Sarraineato,
Uoctlln. Auburn. Col fax,
Trnckcr. Boo. Reno. Wads^
w.irtn. Wlnni"in:ii'ra 61%r
•.OOt Vallejo, dally, except Sunday t 7«s»
703r Vallejo, Sunday only » ' 3ar
7 00p hi<*bmond. ban Pablo. Port Cost*.
MarUava **<J rfmj Ktatlona 1125a
I 06p Oregon A California V.xprr n — Sao-
ramento, Mary*Tlile, I>M!n?.
Portlfir.fi. Puset Sound nnd E««t. 853 ».
8.10' Ilayward. Nile* and 9aa Jotc (bun-
dayonly) 11.55*
COAST LINE «>arr»w ba.je;.
(Foot of >larket Street.)
8.15a Newark, CenterTlile. San Joae.
Felton. Bouiaer Creek, 8aau
Crnt and Way Stations S-55*
t2-15r Newark. Centervllle. San Joaa,
Mew Almaden. Loa 6ato«.Fe:ton.
Boulder C'r»ek, Santa Cras and
Principal Way Station* tiO-SSA,
4-1 5> Kewark. San Jose, LoiOatoa and* r8.B5 4
wayitatlon* *»:1O55*
09 30f Hnnter* Train. Saturday only, Saa
Jo«e and Way Stations. Retnrn-
lng from Log Gatoa Sunday only. t7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN l-'KANClblJO, >out of Market St. (31|9<>
— tSsM t:OU 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 515 r *
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — -fttitw 13: %
ti.OJ 10:00 a.m. 1200 2.00 4.00 r.u.
COAST LI N E (Broa* (»•(•).
OT" (Third and Townsend Streeti.)
6 10* Saa Joae and Way Stations 9.Z0r
7-00 a 8an Jose aad Way Station* 5-38r
8-00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. on!y), 4.18*
8 00* The Coaster — Stops only Saa Jove.
Ullroy I'oanectlon for Hoi Ha-
ter). Pajaro. Caatrorllle (con-
nection, to and from Monterey
and FaclQc Grore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Roblea, Santa Mar-
garita, Saa Lnli Oblapo. principal
stations thence Sarf (connection
for Lompoc). principal atatloaa
thence Santa Barbara. San Baeaa-
Teatura, Saairua. Los Aaselea... 1Q~t2f
8. CO a Saa Jose, Tres Plnoa, Capttola,
UantaCrnz.PaelficGrore.Saltsaa,
Saa Lull Obtipo and Principal
Way Station* 4.1 0*
1030a San Jo«e and Way Station* 1.2Qr
1140* Santa Clara, Saa Joie, Loa Ga:o*
and Way SUtion* 7.30f
1^0r San Jose and Way Stations 8-35*.
400r Del Monte Kxprett— Santa Clara,
Saa Jose, Del Monte. Moaterey.
Pacific GroTe (connects at Bants
Clara for Saatm Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gaof e Potats)
at Gilroy for HoIKster. Trea
Plao*. at Castrofiiie for Satlaa*. 12-15'
. S30t Tre* Pino* Wif Passea^er 10-45a
4 30r Han Joae and Way Station* r8 00*
tSOOr San Joie, (Tin Santa Clara) Loa
Gatos. aad Principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Sunday) tS-OOA
55 IOr EaBjoieandPrlnclpalWayS.tattoDa {9.40a
S.tCr SanMt Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Joie. G llroy.Sailaa*. Paio Kob!rs.
Saa Lata Oblspo, Saat* Barbara,
l.o« Angele*. Demlntr. El Paso.
Xew Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crnz
¦ ad at Castrovilln for Paelflc
GroTe and Way Stations 7 13*.
tf Air EaaMateo,Bereaford,Belmoni.3aa
Carlo*. Iledwood, Fair Oafca,
MaaloFark. Palo Alto t*48j
8?0r Saa Joae and Way Stations 6.53*
8-OOf Palo Alto and Way Station* 10.15* /'
ll.iQp south San FrftnelM:o,Mnibrae. Bcr-
Hnsame. San Mateo, Belmont.
Saa Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9-45?
a11.30r Mayfleld. Moantala View. Snnny-
. Tale. Lawreace, Santa Clara and
8an Jose ....:. t9-45»
A for Morn la*. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday exeepted. i Suatiay on:y.
a Saturday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Snnday. '.
Ea>'Only trains stoppmir at Valencia St. aoqthbonni
irr6:10*.M.,7:CO*.M., 11::»a.ii.. 3:J0r.M., *>: lOr.i*. .%»
1:00 rji.
¦^ TOSAN RAFAEL*
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
___ rla Saas*lito Perry.
Suburban Se!vlce. Standard Gauge Electric--
8: F 5 ROM :2 MfLL m ' VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5: 45. 6:3.1. T:32. 8:55. »:M.
11 Mo^Tm 12:35. 2:0O. a:15. 4:03. 5.03. «:US;
t:(». •**;*•*&&& Drains. :
8"00 a m dall> — Caradero and way stations.
5:15 pi rn'. -week -days tSaturdays exceptedj—
Tomales and way atatlons.
. S:li P. na. Saturday a— Cazadero and way «ta-
Sundays onl7— 10 a. m.. Point Heyes and
-way stations.
TICKET OFFTCB— K8 Market Bt. *
FERRT- rnlcn Depot, foot of Market at^ ,/*
THE WEEKLY CAlJ;
; $1 per Year. /
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
ilfTyMissouri River and Chicago. gi*^ S^sisS§r% v
II IS Southern Pacific, Union Paciflo and Chicago f North-Wasttrn Rys. If
B 1 Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment MM
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; /&£*
Tgg «L- For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information _&& Sf
lpV^Q^ apply lo a?er.ts Southern Pacific Co., or to jff\^B9
R - R - RITCHIE. Gsnenl Agent. J*fJ$r
CHICAGO S NORTH-WESTERN RY.Chicago was rather higher, but without
feature. This market continued dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. llVJe per lb for
heavy, 12c for Usht medium. 14c for light.
14*4c for extra light. :iSc for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured
H«ms. 14c: California Hams, 13*J<Sl.-.Uc: Mess
Besf. $11 50 per bbl: extra Mess. $12«J12 50;
Family, $13: prime Mess Pork. $17: extra clear,
$24: Mess. $10: Dry Salted Pork.' 12c; Pig Pork.
$2<<: Plirs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked Beer. 15e p»»r lb
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7>ie - psr lb for
compound and 0<* for mir»:- half-barrels, pure.
OVie: 10-lb tins. 0|ic; 5-lb tins. 0T4c; 3-Ib tins
10c. • : ¦¦ ' - - '
COTTOLENE— One h«lf barrel. S^c: three
half barrels, S£e; ore tierce. &%c; two tierces.
8*4c; five tierces. 8?ie.per In.
Hides, Talloiy, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about : % .h9\c ¦ under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, i)c: medium. 80: light,' 7*5c; Cow Hides
7>ic for heavy and TKc for light: Stajrs. 5e:
Salted Klp.-'Pc:' Salted Veal.lOc; Salted Calf,
10*4c; dry Hides, 15©16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf.
ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25© 30c each: *hort
.Wool,; 40000c ; each;; medium, 70®fl0c: lonr
Wool. $1«1 50: • Horse Hides, salt. *2 75 for
large and tZftZ 50 for medium. SI 25fii 75 for
small and 60c for Colts; Horse Hide*, dry'
$1.73 for large and $1 50 for medium. Slgl 25
for small and 60c for ColU. Ruck Skin* — Dry
Mexican, 31c: r dry 'sa!t*d Mexican, 25c: dry
•Central American. 31 e. /Goat Rktns — Prime An",
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 20c. •- • , . - • ¦ --.
TALLOW — No.l rendered. 44e per lb: No.
2, 4c:. sT*ase.- 2*»*f3c. - ¦
WOOI^— Fall c!lp — San Joaquln LambV. 93
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the .sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Andes 24 40O Ophir 2 75
1<K> Belcher . 25 6CO Overman 24
1200 Chollar 24| 412) Savage 50
100 Con C * Val 25, 3C0 Sierra Ner .. «t»
300 Con N Tf 11 1 200 Union Con .. «2
2<)O Gould * Cur. 43j 100 Utah ¦ It
10<) Mexican 1 4.V 100 Yellow. Jacket 24
4tH) Mexican 1 40 1 V
¦ Afternoon Session.
10O Belcher 2»i MX> Occidental ... Bl
40o Bullion ©» 100 Ophir 2 7ft
:u*\ Challenge Con 21 Inoo Potosl 22
30<> Chollar it* 200 Savage 5<»
500 Con C A Va.1-25; K.m Savan 4J>
2O0O Con Imperial. C4 SOO Sierra N«T .. M
300 Crown Point. 1»| 300 Union Con .. «O
600 Gould & Cur. 33 j 200 Union Con .. 5»
200 Julia OS'
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 25j 200 Ophir 2 78
300 Belcher 27 1 20O Opblr 2 87«*
40O Caledonia ... 82 4OO Ophir ...2 M
60O Challenge Con 24- 300 Overman Tt
30O Challenge Con 27; 400 Overman .... 24
l.'iOO Chollar 25 120O Ovarman .... 25
SCO Con C * Va.l 30; 500 Potosl 23
40O Con C & V.I 27 VJ 300 Savage M>
500 Con N T .... 11 SOO Sierra X«v .. «2
"OO Con NY 12 SOO Sierra N«» .. «."!
500 Crown Point. 1» SOO Union Con .. 64
COO Gould & Cur. .43 40O irnlon Con .. «">
200 Hale & Sore. 51 500 Utah 1|
s^o Julia OS 40O Yellow Jacket 29
600 Mexican ... 1 42*4
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 23' 200 Mexican ...1 32*4
4C0 Belcher 27| 200 Ophir. Z 19
/ 200 Caledonia ... "1 600 Overman .... 24
SCO Challenge Con 211 500 Savage 5A
2<tf> Cbollar 24] 300 Savage - 4S
"00 Con C & V.I 27'nl 300 Scorpion ftS
3»)« Con C * Va.l 20 50O Seg Belcher.. TO
200 Crown Point. 19! 5£!I Sierra. Nev ;. 3«
300 Gould * Cur. 3«; 1(« 1'nion Con . . <R
300 Hale * Norc. R5 : 40O Union Con '. . «t
200 Justice 11 20O> ITnion Con .''. 6O
r,00 Mexican 140 200 Utah 12
300 Mexican 1 35* ., f^i\
TONOPAH MINING EXCHkANGE.
Followlns; were the sate* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Mont Ton.. I 12'i| 700 Ton Midway.. 4f
5<>O Ton Midway.. 44] 2<X> Wild Gooae...2 "M
Afternoon Session.
100 Mont Ton.l 12'4! 200 Ton Midway.. iM "
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 30—4 p. m.
Bld.Atk. Bid. Ask.
Alpha W ».5f Justice It 12
•*! Kt|K«ntuck ' 02 <W
Andes 21 321 Keytsi Oraes. — 1 75
Belcher 2H 27| I.ady Wash.. — 92
B*st & Belch.2 03 2 IStMexlcan . 1 35 1 4r>
I'.ulllon 09 10; Occidental «... 51 S4
Caledonia ... »" 89- Ophir 2 70 2 75
Challenge Con 20 22 Overman ..... » 2*
• '-hollar Tt 24;Potosl 21 Tl
I Confidence ... 7O 80; Savage 4S 5«
Con C tc Va.t'2»» 1 ;'.*»¦ Scorpion Ot .Its
Con imperial. 0.1 04 Sea- Belcher. . to f»
I Con N'Y 10 12 Sierra Nev .. 2M R!»
! Crown Point. IS 10, Silver Hill .. IM «tt
Eureka Con... — Sft.K I-ou!i .... 12 1«
'Exchequer... 17 18 Svndlcat* ... (H PH
! Gould * Cur. 37 "» Union Con .. *O «l
Hale Ml Norc. M ¦ 53 Utah It 11
Julia 04 <W Yellow Jacket 22 24
¦ TONOPAH MINES.
! Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
• Esperanxa ... — 01 Ton Belmont.. 60 Tl
Gipsy Queen.. — SOjTon A C*J... — 23
Gold Anchor. 12 — Ton of Nev ..8 00 —
MacNamara. 09 14'Ton.N SUr.. 34 X\
Mont Ton...l 12 H 1 1 Si Ton MMway..' « 5A
Pavmaster ... «7 lATort A S Lakt — «C
Ray & OBrien tm » United Ton... — 12
'Rescue ...... 00 07.
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel* 58,400 76.2CO
Wheat, bushels 100.700 32.400
Corn, bushels 220.000 7S.000
Oats bushels 2f>l,000 149.500
Rye. bushels.. 19,300 3.5(10
Barley, bushel*... 174,700 . .12.300
O* the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery. 16fcr23i,4e; dairy.
14fc21c. Eggs, steady, 2D@2Sc. Cheese, steady,
lOfllOVic. "
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat—. ¦ March. May.
Opening ....'.; «4*i 0 4 >i
Closins: 64% 6 31,
PARIS.'
" Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 21 SO 21 1»O
Closing, 21 65 .21 20
Flour-t-
Opening ' 2fi .V> . 2S 40
Closing 28 SO' 28.45
Eastern Livestock Market;-^
CHICAGO. / '. .'/
CHICAGO. Dec. :;0— CATTLE— Receipts,
50,000; steady; good to prime steers/ $4 60S
¦ ¦ -'
Provisions.
Cash quotations were, as follows: Flour.
Ftronger; No. 2 spring wheat. 81 ®S2c; No. .1,
7OQ7Kc- No. 2 red. K3iJtSt;c; No. 2 corn. 42 We;
No 2 yellow, 4-tc: No. 2 oats. 3«»,iGi-':n*4c; No.
:i white. :55V4<fir.7^c: No. 2 rye, 51«5l<ic: Bpod
feeding barley ;:4{i:{7c: fair to choice mnltintr,
4.'5@o.'5c; No. i flaxseed. 01*ic: No. 1 North
wMtern $1 01 !i: prime timothy seed. $2 90;
mess pork, per barrel. $12 50312 02',4: lard,
per 100 pounds. ?R 67 1 ,-i©<5 72Vi: short ribs sides
• locse). $0 25f|<> f>0: short clear sides (boxed),
SO 37)69(1 50; Tt-hfsky, basis of high wines,
$1 27;*clover, contract grade, $11 25. -
The annual meeting of the Alaska Packers'
Association ha* b*«n called for January !'•'-
The annual meeting of the shareholder* of
the M:1I Valley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic
Railway will be held January 21.
The First National Bank of Palo Alto will
open for business January 2. A number of
safe deposit boxes have been installed.
The annual meetlnr of the shareholders of
the Central Trust Company will be held Janu
ary 19.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Dee. 30—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Rid. Ask. 1 . " Eld. Ask.
4s qr coup. .110 — 4s qr cp newl33>;i34*i
4s qr reg ..109*,U0*i!3* qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W.Sa. — — ,O T Co es.'.HS'/i —
Bay CPC 5«.10l 102H Do 6s 108«4 —
Cal C G 5s. — 100 ' Do con 6s. — 103
Cal C & E fc Oceanic 8 5a. — 75
m t ct 6s. — 1G«U Om Cable 6s.l2O —
Cal-Et 5s .. — — Pac G Im 4s. f>5 100
C C Wat 5s. — ICO P E Ry 5s. 107 107 U
Ed L & PGs.120 — P & C II Cn. — —
F Jk C H 6a. — 117 *P * O R Cs.ll7T412rt
Ofary-st 5s.. 45*4 W Powell-»t fin.lMVi —
H Ci-9 5Vis.lO4 — SE G&R 5s. 9« 102*4
HCtS 5s. 08<41C0 SF & SJV3*.llH«ill7li
Hon R T e».1O4 10(1 ¦ H R of C er.l\2V, —
L A Elec fts.104 10514 SP of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.lll 113 (1800) ....1074.108
LA L Co C«. — — (1010) ...MCSVi —
Do gtd fis. — — 8 P of C 6s
DO Ktd 5s. — 1C4«-J -<100a>Sr A. 103 101
UP lem 6S.100 102 Monr.iSr B. — jn4»4
Mkt-st C fa.llS*; — <1M>6) 104<4105
Do I cm 53.1 1.". — I 11012) IU\ —
NRR of CG.O0«5f l 107 : VSPe 1 c«r 5s.114 117>4
Do 5s — — i Do stmpd.,107 107*i
NP C R 5s. — 108 ;s P B R 6s. — 132'i
NCR 6s.. — 112 S V W 6s.. IM —
N C P C 5s. — 1C1 Do 4.« 2dm. OOU —
N S R R 5s. — 101 Do 4s 3<lm. 97*4 08%
O G L H 5s.lO7?i — iStkn G&E Cs — lOrt
O'W gtd 5s. — ICO ill G «¦ E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Conta — 41 (Port Co*ta.. — ¦ —
Marln Co .. fiO 70 IS V \V Co. 3S*i 3S";
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— 4 S F O A E. d< C4Ti
Mutual E L. 8*4 »'.i S F Gas'L. :{<; ::%
Pac O Im.. — — Stkn G A- E. 5 —
Put: L Co... 54% — U G & E.. — 39
Sac E G4R; — — . >
TRTTSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G * E. »4 — . I
INSURANCE. .
Flrem'» Fnd325 350 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.120 130 L P A- A .. — 170
An«lo-Cal ..85 91 Mer Trust ..210 SteV,
Bank of Cal. — 460 Mereh Ex . . — —
Cal Saf* Dp. — 150 9 F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — '
. SAVINGS BANKS'.
Ger S & L.2235 — Say* L S»o. — IC5
Hum S * L. — — Ke» Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav.ioo HO Union T Co. — ¦•.— , : •;
S F Sav U.60O —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..100 2(>5 ¦ I Presidio .... 38 41 '
Geary — ' 80 I
POWDER.
Giant 62 «5 I Vlgorlt ..... — i%
Articles— Open. High. I/Ow. Close.
Dec h ?new)°/. 2 .7 HI 81% SI 81 «
Mav «*VS 84% 83% M'4
July ....... o ..-. T8H 7!>, n% 78%
De«mbH°'.f.T.. 41 14 «H IJ^S'SS
May * 5 4l^ 1 **¦* * n '*
July ...... v ... ¦«»% **'M **Vt <»S
December '.T 35*4 30 34?; 3«
Mav 376; 38*4 37% 3SV»
July '... 34 V, 351, 34* . 35
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 12M, 12 45 12 12% 12 4.',
May 12 45 12 82*i 12 45 12 82*4
l^ird. 1XT 100 lbs—
January « «> « "•» « «50 « T5
May 0 S2*4 « 95 0 SO 6 W2Vi
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January « ::0 fi .15 0 30 6 35
May fi .%.-. 0 «5 (1 T.5 0 C5
"Although shipments of Hay have been un
usually light during the past week, yet they
are heavy enough to supply all -present de
mands. The total for the week ending to-day
amounts to but 1050 tcn«. In comparison with
2250 tons for the preceding week. , Prices are
tinner, although no increase over the list given
last week can be. noted, > nor Is . one expected
until after January l. ; Business, as a rule,
lmproveB after the holidays are over, and now
that the ' Government order for Hay will be
placed here prices should have a strong up
ward tendency. A comparison of the bids sub
mitted here with those of the northern dealers
shows that we are from $4 to $7 per ton -lower
than they are. The bids of the San Francisco
dealers on No. 1 wheat Hay ranged from $17 to
?2l per ton, while those of the northern people
ranged from $21 on Puget Sound Hay to $28
en beet Washington timothy. The prices sub
mitted by the northern people confirm our be
lief that they have none too much Hay on hand
and that they will probably cail upon us again
for Hay, ns they did last season. Taking the
situation In Its entirety, we can see no reason
why Hay sljould net advance to what may be
considered eJitreme figures. ?
"Rain Is needpil In nearly all the Hay sec
tions at present and growers are beginning to
wonder If. we are to have a dry year. Grain
Is In a healthy condition, however, and It is
hoped that the needed showers will 'come soon
"Wheat Hay constitutes the bulk of the presl
ent arrivals, with tamo oat Hay and alfalfa
still in light demand."
Note — The bids for the Government order
mentioned in the above circular, represent
double compressed bales, which adds $3 per ton
to the regular price. . -
BRAN— »lJ»e:20 per ton. • V ,
MIDDLINGS— f£0 50028 50 per ton
SHORTS— $lfi®20 per ton r •
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $23©24 per
ton; Oil Cake • Meal at the mill I2702S 80
jobbing.' $28<fr30; CocoanutCake. $21@22: Corn
Meal.- $28 500120 50; Cracked Corn. $20®30-
Mlxtd Feed. $22©23; Horse Beans. $30® 10 per
ton. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - ; - ¦ ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦ -¦-....
HAY— Wheat. $13'sn4m : -Wheat and Oat
$13015 60; Oat. $12@14 50; Wild Oat, $11@13-
Barley. 10@13; Stock nominal— none here; Al
falfa. $10(512 per ton. . -
STRAW— 40065c per bal«.
. Beans and Seeds.
".These markets continue .apathetic and un-'
changed. There are no new features to report.
*BEANS— Bayos, $2 30fl2 40; Pea '$3- But
ters. $3 23; small White. $2 85^3; large While.
$2 40<J2 CO:. Plnlt. $2 60®2 80: Red. $3 50:
Lima $3<?3 10: -Red. Kidneys. $4<@4 10: Black
eye. $2§2 15 per et I:- Horse Beans, $1 50j?2.
. SEEDS — Brown Mustard.- *3: -Yellow Mus
tard.- $2H5©2 80;- Flax. $18091 ftO: . Canary,
6g5V4c for Eastern: Alfalfa, ll#14c; Rape,
Dealers are talking of a contemplated ad
vance In Hran immediately after the turn of
the year, as the market Is lightly stocked and
very strong. . Middlings continue firm.
Hay rules firm from causes already' men
tioned. Dry weather Is still a pronounced fac
tor, though a Rocd rain rhlgl.t weaken the situ
ation. The circular of Somers & Co. says: ¦
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7©0c for Royals and 99
lie for Moorparfts: Evaporated Apples, 4'S5Ue*
sun-dried. 3*i<ff4c; Peaches. 4Vj©«*4c; Pears,
BipiOc; Nfftarlnes. 4$SHc: Figs, white. 4#4*ie
ln-boxes; b!ack.-4Vic: Plums, pitted, 6®0c per
pound. -. ¦ .. ¦
PRUNES— 1008 crop. 2V4®2?ic for the four
sizes. 1 >
RAISINS— F. o. b. DrlceF. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — r.oo*e Muscatel, 2-crown,
6*4e per lb: 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown. tJ>$e- Seed-
Iras . Musratels. 4*ic: do. floated, 4*4c; un
bleachrd*Sultanas. 4*4c: Thompson's Seedless,
5*Jc. London Layers — 2-crown.. $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 .".5: 4-crown clusters. S2: 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose 2
crown. 5c per lb: do 3-crown. 0%c; Valencia
Ctired. 4*4<;; Pacific, do. 3»;e: Oriental do,
2$ie. Seeded RalsJns— Ifi-ox packages, fancy
8c per lb: choice. 7"6e: 12-ox packner-s. fancy!'
6<Kc; choice, C«4c; In bulk, farcy. 7% c- choice
7%c. ¦ ¦ ' - ¦ ¦
NUTS— Walnuts. No. I softshell. 13U©14e-
No. 2, ll»,i«B12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13®13>4c:
No. 2. lipil'ic; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10'Sc-for I X L. 10*;c for N» Plus Ultra and
K'Jie for I^nRuedce: Peanut*. C<fi!7e for Eastern;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50® 3; Chest
nuts. SiplOc ner lb. , >
HONEY— Ccmb. lOQllJie for white and nV.'H
BV-e for amber: wsti»r white extracted. r>#
O'tc: light amber extracted. 4 *4S4%c; dark,
3V.«4e.
BEESWAX-27©21)e per lb. - ';
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
The Banks of California.
Henry D. Walker, financial writer on the
ComnK rcial Nevs, has compiiM a tabular
•tatement of the condition of the savings,
commercial, private and national backs cf
OaUfcrr.la. as reported to the U^r.k Commls-
Fionen September 1 190-1. It li a complete
directory of all banks existing m the State
on that date and show* even-thing financial
pertain in* to am h liank. As such a directory
it 1* ef groat value to peisans interested In
or doinr business with bank*, especially hs
Mr. Walte cas arranged the various btr.k*
jn aU)*>abetical order and in cla.«— s so thai
each can b» located at a elancf it repre.
•enm a K'»pd .'.. : . 1 o f hard, careful work and
it U a credit H. ita compiler.
11 'cat her Report.
(1SGQ, Verfdian-Vaciflc Time.)
¦ SAN Flt.ANCLSO. Dec. S»-5 p. m. '
The folloAinjr 1 re the *»asoral «-.
<!,t,. as comn-reu * •„„ th^^'he^V S, e
£$£ZjS2i££** rBlafa " la th < '"< *»-
r Last Tili • ...
Station.- 2* l,.; O r». BeSU t£? orx
Eureka 0.00 17 -s r,." 0^
lied Bluff 0.00 hm T?. 1'
*acramentr> n.«m 44-, -I,.;!
Han Francisco «i.n.» ,;',r. <m
FlfJW O.« K > OS J ?•"»
Indejicrdcnce o.«iO 0 42, Y,'Z\
Ban Luif ob!*?o o.oo o'.*c 5 ro
l.«s Anselr* o.<M» "tt.4.1 . 4'$
Pan Dicfj 0.00 0.40 t»!o9
THE COAST HECORDi. 7
Baker 30.28 32 !2 SE\ Clou<Vy"~00
Careen .30.18 40 lb .<•; Ooudy «<u
• 'resefnt T*.M 4< n* NE Cloudy- "10
Kurcka 2».!»S 5S 3S S Cloudy "«>
>'aral)on ..'«J.<)6 M 52 F Cloudy <K>
rnuno :;f>. CK «O SS. K Cloudy *u6
. Kiasstaff 30.2*1 4<l 4 K Clear •"<>•
I'oint Reyee... 30.02 M 52 S Cloudy 00
Prcatfllo 30.30 :« 2 W Clear !»)0
Jr.dependence.. 30.14 5fl T.l S,E Ctoudv ' (*\
Lot^ Anse.les . .30.06 78 48 W Clear *00
Mt.Tamalpals 30.00 W, 46 PW Foggy *-io
Phoenix 3O.()« 70 3H NW Clear "o«»
* Vcrtland 30.0rt 40 VH NW Cloudy m>
Red UIuJT mt.ilN 60 ; :5«J »» Pl.Cldy *Oit
Ko&r-bura; 20.9S 3R ."2 NE Cloudy 'oO
- Aucj-artM-jto- ..30.10 4S :>4 FE • »?loudy '(K)
ot^ttlt Lake ....30. .tl 34 Jfi NW Clev *0i,
">. Franc1i»fo...30.10 5f. 48 SW <:ioudy 'm
Fan L. ObSspo.30.I6 70 31 NW Pt.Cldy 'oO
P»n Diego 30.(2 72 48 NW Clear "oO
Seattle :«».<iO 42 34 SE Cloudy .'oo
fpekane M.20 2S 24 XR Cloudy .00
Maiia TValla-.nrt.so rM Vi NE Cloudy .00
\\ ,rn«Mr.iicr* .::0.T<5 4«J 12 K «"iouriy .i«i
Tiuzm. S0.04 74 40 N Clesr .00
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 GO®
4 85 usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50® 4 «0;
Oregon and Washington, $3 !iO«4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 no©4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Com Meal. $3 25: extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50;* Hominy. $4<f84 25; Iiuckwhrat
Flour $4 5064 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $1 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oat*, bbls $7 250S KO; in eacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Mining Stocks.
CHICAGO. Dec. 30.— An easier feeling was
manifested in the wheat pit at the start, owing
to easier cables, large receipts and a general
disposition on the part of local traders to take
profits. Considerable wheat came out the flrst
hour and the maiket became quite weak. May
declining to S3%c after opcnlnK %<HV t c lower
at 84@S4Hc. On rumors that the leading long
was buying freely many of the early eellera
turned buyers, and there were additional pur
chases to even up over the holidays. Sensa
tional war rumors were circulated and prices
advanced rapidly. May sold up to 84%c. A
reaction occurred during the last half hour,
but the close was firm, with May at 84*4c
War news furnished the lever for bulls in
the corn pit to boost prices a little higher. The
feature In trading was the selling of about a
quarter of .-. million buFhels of May by* a
prominent provision houne. Closing prices were
strong. May opened unchanged to %c higher,
closing lie higher at 45>ic.
Onts were easy. May closed a shade lower
at XS'ic.
Larse shipments of lard and meat, together
with the war rumors, were the Incentives that
caused n rood demand for provisions. There
was an unusually good demand for May v pork,
nnd that product led the list In the advance.
The close was strong with May pork showing
a train of 30@37Vic; lard and ribs were each
UP ]2";C.
The leading futures ranired a* follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
The- Columbus Savlr.ss and I-oan Society
has declared a .semi-annual dividend at the
rate of 3 1 ,; per cent per annum on all deposits,
payabi? January 2.
The City and County Rank has declared a
8»ml-annual dividend at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum on all savings deposits, payable
January 2.
Th« Imnerial Oil Company has declar-d a
monthly dividend of 20 cents per share,
amounting to $20,000. payable January (J.
The Thirty-three Oil Company has declared
a monthly dividend of 10 cents per share,
amounting to $10,€00. payable January tt.
The Horn Sliver Mlnlns Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 5 centa per share,
pavablc December^3l.
The regular ammal meeting of the stock
holders of the Spring Valley Water Company
has been called for January 13.
The Contra Costa County Bank will open
for business at Blark Diamond, in Contra
Costa County, on January 2. The' authorized
capital is $50,000. or which $25,000 has be»n
paid tip. D. A. Bender M president, M. Cody
vice president and O. Todaro secretary and
cashier.' •
There was nothlne new worthy of note en
the stock exchanges, trading being light.
The Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society has
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
3*4 per cent oer annum on all deposits, pay
able January 2.
Cranberries are no. longer worth quoting
being about cleaned up.
Well-colored Navel Oranges continued to
meet with a steady demp.nd and dealers re
ported that such stock was steadily cleaning
up. The steamer Sierra, which sails to-day,
will take out about 1000 boxes for Honolulu
which were purchased In this market. The
same steamer will take several thousand boxes
for the Antipodes, purchased in the growing
sections. Fancy Lemons were firmer under
light supplies and some well-known brands of
extra fancy commanded a small premium over
the quoted rates. Common stock was still
plentiful and continued dull. The other Citrus
fruits were without quotable change and more
or leas weak.- Stocks of Apples were very
heavy and the mnrket was exceedingly dull.
Eometblng unusual for this rime of the year,
when retailers ought to be stocking up for the
ex^ra requirements . on New Year's. Quinces
were offering freely, but were practically un
salable, while Ptars and Persimmons met with
a very light demand.
APPLES— Fancy Splt*enber*rs, $1 75®2 per
box; ether varieties, $1 25® L 50 for fancy. 75<»
MOc for choice and 25950c for common; Christ
mas Apples. $1 G0®2. '
PEARS- -Winter Nellls from cold storage,
$1 *iOC/2 per box. :
QUINCES — 25e40e per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75c@$l per box. "
. CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2©2 50
per box for fancy. $1'23iS1 75 for choice and
75cff$l 25 for standards; Seedlings. 7,V@*1;
Tangerines. $1@1 25 for half boxes and 7.Vg$l
for quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins. $1®1 50
for half boxes; Lemons, $1<£?2 50 per box; Grape
Fruit, $162: Mexican Limes. $4$M 50: Ha
narnB, t\ft'£ per bunch for Hawaiian and V2tf>
2 50 for Central American; Pineapples, $2fi3
per drzen.
STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 30^ j
Flour, qr sks .. lfl.WT| Wool, bales ... M
Wheat ctU 5.2i0i Screenings, sks. 200
Parley' ctlfl ••• 21.OJ0 Hroomcorn bis. 7»
Corn ctl» 975, Wine jrals 3U.C0O
Beans, sks ..... 50; Pelts. No. 4.111
Potatoes sks .. 2.4. r >0| Hides. No. 51S
Onions sks ... .".5.", Quicksilver, flks l.(!35
Bran, sks 2.515 Sugar, ctls 500
Middlings, sks.. SOffHrandy. gala .. 9.9.V)
Hay • tons 2fOJ Leather, rolls.. 17
Hops bates ... 1C4 Tallow, ctls ... 17
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks... 135! Onions, sks ... 3C5
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
Evaporated Apple* is quiet. Common, 4@5c;
prime. 5*j5 l 4c: choice, S*3$'6*£c; extra choice,
0M,(S7c.
PRUNES— Firm nt 3%6«i>4c.
A PRICOTS— Steady. Choice. 9'.;®f>>4c; ex
tra choice. 9*i®10',ic; fancy, IKgldc.
PEACHES— Steady. Choice. 7',« ( 9"%c; extra
choice, 7»i<S8V;c; fancy, DKQlOHc,
DRIED FRUITS
NEW TORK, Dec. 30— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.000 barrels: exports, ti!»00 barrels; market
quiet, but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 56,500 bushels; m- Vet
Irregular. No. 'J red. 90c elevator and . '-jc
f. o. h., afloat; N'o. 1 Northern Duluth, Ui>">ic
f. o. b., afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, nom
inal, f. o. b., afloat. Options had a steady
opening, but soon declined under heavy North
western receipts, easy cables and room sell-
Ing-. The close was >;c higher on May and
July, v.hlle December closed %c lower. May
cloeed 87 s s c; July closed 83%c; December
clceed Die.
PRTUOLKI'M — Steady.
MOLASSES— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 7«ic:
mild, firm; Cordova. R'-iiSil.'Jc. Futures closed
steady, 30 to 15 points lower. Sales, 122.OIX)
bags. Including: December. C.75c; January,
«.70<S6.80c; February. C.8C©O.ItOc: March. 7.00®
7.15c; May. 7.30G7-50c; July. 7.55G7.70C i Sep
tember. 7.7ri®7.!»Oc; November, 7.S5^7.U5c.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal. Fair reflnlns. 3c:
centrifugal, IMi test, 3*jc; molasses sugar,
2%c; refined nuiet.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER-i-Creamery, 25@26c for extras and
2i^J4c for seconds; dairy. 17^23c- store But
ter, nominal; cold storage. 21®22c per lb for
ordinary and 23ff24c for extras.
CHEESE— 12312>4c for the general market.
18c for select mild new and lO^llc for lower
gradt-s; Young Americas, 13014c; Eastern 15V.
@ieV4c: Western. 14fffl5c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 34ig:.t6c for choice and 30®
33c for small and mixed colors; store. 27*j{j>
30o: cold storage, 25@27c; Eastern, 25fl27'»,c
for cold storage. .
Eggs are weakening, as receipts for the past
two days have run over 700 casts per day,
which- Is more than the market can absorb at
the present prices. Ranch are asain shaded
and cold storag-. both domestic and Eastern,
are lower. Stocks of fresh are likely to in
crease from now on unless the weather should
be cold, and buyers, knowing this, are allow
ing the market to continue its slow decline.
Dealers complain of slack demand.
Receipts were 25,400 lbs Butter, 734 cases
Ekks and 500O lbs Cheese.
Quotations for fine creamery Butter are
maintained, but dairy goods are lower and
there is more range in cold storage stock.
Supplies continue ample for all needs and the
market is still quiet.
Cheese is stationary, with heavy stocks and
a light demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I Open. High. Low. Close.
May *l 04Vi $1 C4>£ $1 O4?4 $1 O4V4
2 p. m. Session.
No sales.
1 OATS — There is nothing new to report, th«
I market being steady and unchanged, with am
i pie offerings.
White. $1 22V6*?1 25 for California and
*1 27*4«T1 35 for Northern: Black. $1 45@1 05:
Red $1 20®l 82% for feed and $1 25©1 35 for
seed: Gray, fl 32*f.
• CORN — Quotations remain as before, with a
quiet market.
u Western «acked. $1 25©1 27*i for Yellow.
i $1 22* > &4rl 25 for White and $1 22*4 for Mixed;
1 California large Yellow. $1 32*i: small round
do *1 10«l 50: White. $1 35 per ctl.
RYE— $1 23ffl 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—*! 75®2 per ctl.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m,
FUTURES.
WHEAT — Argentine cable* reported that
damage by the recent frost is becoming oppar
! ent and that crop estimates are being reduced.
Otherwise there is nothing new from abroad.
Chicago declined from 84^c to 83%c and
¦ recovered to 84%c. At the opening batter
receipts and dull cables encouraged the bear ,
sentiment and the market weakened, but light
offerings an-1 the report that war between
Russia and Japan was inevitable caused a re
: action. A very small export demand was re
1 ported by New York.
In this market futures were lower, but the
cash grain was steady and unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37W£l 40: California
White Australian $1 50@l 52»i; Northern Clut^
$1 40@l 4l>/ 4 ; Northern Bluestem, $1 50©
I 1 51 Oregon Valley, fl 40.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ?1 30 $1 'MM, $1 35^/ $1.35*4
December .. 1 3S»4 1 3SV4 1 3S% 1 38%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $133% $135U $134% $1.34%
BARLEY — Receipts continue large, as the
Ifialn 13 .fcoing-. -railed- In for delivery on De
cember contracts. Futures are again lower.-
Quotations for cash grain - are unsettled and
largely nominal, as local dealers do not seem
able to locate the market. Some ask $1 15,
others sell at $1 07^. The quotations below
nre about as near the market as can be given.
There Is not .much spot business anyhow.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed »l O'liftl 13!?;: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17<4*ftl 20; Chevalier, $1 2O4J1 45 for fair
to choice.
ll'hcat and Other Grains..
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— There was a pro
nounced Vspositlon to take profits in to-day"s
sto-'k market, as was rather clearly fore
shadowrd by the action of the late market o.
t yesterday, but there was not lacking a fos
i tering i-arc of the market which held.it in
I ch»ck on th» declines and nursed the recov
j eries. The opinion was thereby caused that
j while ;hc large interests behind the market
were disinclined to continue the advance in the
face of a stiff call money market they were by
; no means willing to relinquish the advanta
[ peous position **cured for lne year-end situa
tion. If it is true, as generally supposed, that
tho great banking groups, with th»lr allied and
complex interests in the great trust companies,
the Insurance companies and in other financial
Institutions, have given a friendly countenance
¦ to the advance In prices to correct the dls
] cre;'anrle? from lrst year's showing In balance
j sheets, investments held, etc.. It would not
I agree witK those purposes to have the advances
I yielded on the very eve of the new year. The
! pinch In the money market was effective In
dislodging some speculative holdings In to
day's market, but the watchful guardianship
j was evidenced by the way in which Influential
I stocks were bid ud to hold prices. The Pa
! ciflcs and the United States steel stocks were
criHFpicuous examples. Some of the less promi
nent stocks which have enjoyed violent ad
...!•.. i s in me last few days were forced back <
with violence tn t^e day's realizing. The
closing was dull and heavy.
Bonds were active and easy. Total sales,
$2,140,000.
United States bends were weak.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST."
Sales. Hish. Low. Close.
Atchison 1H.15O taia* C8U CSS
Atchison pfd 1.30O JWL. B3 82%
Baltimore & Ohio. 7.500 SOVi 7V% 79"*,
Baltimore & O pfd. 100 !K) u<t 80
Canadian Pacific 700 ll»»i 118 T a 11SH
Central of N J l«l
Ches & Ohio 2.5C0 T!4' 4 Xi% 33 T4
Chicago *; Alton .. JMH» tti\ 34 34UJ
Chicago & A pfd 1.700 75 7:{5» 74»i
I Chicago & G W .. 3,12<> Hi'i l.'.U 15%
Chi * G W B pfd 200 2S 27 T, 2*Vi
! chicaBo *• N W .. 400 l«» 16x% l«l>
I t"hlcago T A- T 2"0 a » 8» 4
Chlcaro T &. T pfd 30 19 l*ii^ ih^,
C C «" & St Louis 7»
Colo Southern 2,3l><» lS^g 154 13Vi
Colo So 1st pfd... 1OO Mi t .Vl^ 53
Colo So 2d pfd 100 23 'i 23 «4 23*4
Deleaware it Hud. 2.S5O lfiS l<j<l IC."*'*
Del, Lack & West 100 2«7 2C7 2«7^
Denver Sc Rio G 21
Denver & Rio G pfd 4<X) 70 70 70
Erie 10.7. r ,0 29»i 231J 2»U 1
Erie 1st pfd 1.125 CSa« «8% U8U
Erie 2d i>fd J«)O 61 % 50»i M%
Great Northern pfd 185
Hocking Valley 73%
Hocking Val pfd ' t&i-,
Illinois Central .... 3.000 131'* 131 131
Iowa Central 20J&
Iowa Central pfd :iH
Kansas City So ]»
Kitns City So pfd.. *M> 35 34 35
I>cuipvill» & Nash. 5.80O 1101^ l«1i; HW'4
Manhattan L 4,200 144' t I43H 143Vi
Mctroptjlltan St Ry 3,100 125 123% 12J> 4
Mlnneap & St L.. 100 04 U4 l«i^
Mlcsouri Pacific ... 43,500 J«5»; H7>\ 05%
Mo. Kans & T .. flOO 1st, 17V 17%
Mo. K & T pfd.. 700 10 Hi 3934 40
National of Mx pfd 36%
N Y Central 3,000 121 Vi VMhi 120i j
Norfolk & Western 1,600 5SU 57T, 57»«
Norfolk fc W pfd 85'
Nor Securities ¦ Xl%
Ontario & Western 4.200 23«* 2*4 'J2\t
Pennsylvania 42.9OO 120 I18S H»
Pittsourg.CC St StL «3
Reading 10,<k>0 u;** 45% 45%
Reading 1st pfd .. 150 77Vj 77'£ 77 ! ,-j j
Reading I'd pfd »W) |
Rock Island Co 14.00D 25 2-1% 23',i
Rock Island Co pfd WW C2 61 'i HUi
Pt L & S K 1st pfd en'
St L & S F 2d pfd l.WtO 42 \ 41 'i 42
St Louis S W .... 200 14 13V, 13
St Louis B W pfd 200 34 34 ff 33% I
St. Paul 2S,»0<> 147% 14t!'i 14<1W
Kt Paul pfd 100 177 177 17«
Southern Paclnc .. 66.100 50»» *U% 41>3;
Bouthern Railway .. 2,5l»0 21 >i 2014 20^
Southern Ry pfd .. 1,000 7S>'4 7h* 4 7K»i
Texas 6z Pacific .. 1,800 26% 2SU 2B
ToI.fitL &. Wen 400 VSft] LT.i^ 28tt
T. St L & West prd l,7O(» 40 ' ' HH% 38^1
Union Pacjne &50 M 7» : ; # K0».
I'nlon Pacific pfd. 200 HS'i K8«i SS -
Wabasli 300 20'i 2(»'4 2<)
Wabash pfd 3.200 38 14 37 'i 37 1-
Wheel & Lake Erie ' 17
Wisconsin Central. . »Xx» 17 16*4 l' !T i«
Wls Cent pfd COO SS'i 3S SS'i
Express Companies —
Adams 221
Amerkan 7C0 2<xi 200 l!«l
United States 110
Weils-FarRO 210
MiBcellaneous —
Amal Coppi-r 4C,SiO"» 61"i fiO'-j 50*; I
Amer Car ft F 1.4U0 20% V*\ 20'i
Amer C.-.r & K pfd. 100 O'J at vs% i
Amer L Oil <>i,
Amer L Oil pfd... UK* »«4 29U £« '"
Aff.er Ixx-o l,10i> IS^i 1K1.4 1S»'»
Amer Loco p,'d «M) 77^ 7«'-j 70',,
Amer S *• Ref 2Oi» W>% fXl'i 50>4
Amer S & R<?f pfd. 20f» JK)S4 iH)-;(, 00 '
Amcr Susar Ref.. U.0GO 127TW 12U-% 127Vi
• Anaconda Mln Co.. 1,000 SOVi 7SH 't~K
Hrcoklyn It Trans. 48,200 63« 51*; 52%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 5t!0 3\% 2!»tj, 2H*;
Col & Hock Coal... 500 1i% 14>i J4%
Cors Gas 2,000 104 1»3 lOTU
Gen Electric 1,400 177 174 '17515
Inter Paper rioifc
Inter Paper pfd.... 04
Inter Pump 200 art 29
Inter Pump pfd 200 72 7O'» 72
Nat Biscuit : .wi
Nat Lead 200 l.'.Vi liK 15'
North Amer 2.200 " R3 84 S4%
Pacific Mall 800 27'4 2<!U • 20
People's Gas ..'.... 1,700 ttit ft«i(, UH u i
Pressed 8 Car 5CO 31 »i :{ns: 31'
Pressed S Car pfd. 300 70 70 figit
Pullman Pal, Car. . 217V4
Repub'lc Steel 1.3C0 7 '4 7H 71?
Republic Eteel pfd. I. WOO 42"* 41% 4\ia
Rubber Goods jr'
Rubber Goods pfd. 400 77 75 7fi
Tern Coal & Iron.. 6,700 30 3S V RHV,
IT K Leather...... WW 7% 7»i 7*1
IT S Leather pfd... «K> 77 7« 7«i?
U S Rubber 200 12 ' 12 11»;
IT 8 rtubber pfd... loo 41 41 401;
IT S Steel 64.100 12% 11« 1214
IT S Steel pfd 94,000 M»i 56% 57 tJ
Western Union .... GOO S6»4 86^4 S6V4
Shares sold 671,300
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK. Dec. SO. — Bond transactions of
United Railroads of Ban Francisco: 10,000 at
$75 S7*i.
Nezc York Stock Market.
The Nippon Mani took out for Hongkong a
treasure list of $7700. consisting of *5(i9 in
Mexican dollars and $1930 in gold coin.
Sterling Exchange was slightly lower. Otn
erwlse there, was no change. •
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $•* 81 V4
Sterling Exchange, sight ./ . . — * UjJv?
Sterling Exchange, ¦ cables i — /?
New York Exchange, sight — 0! >
New York Pixchange, telegraphic. — 10
silver, per ounce • • — '^j*
Mexican Dollars, nominal — ** '.
Exchange and Bullion.
local markets:
- WASHINGTON. . .•
TACOMA. Dec. 30.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem, 70c; club. T4c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Def. '30.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 72c: -blue stem. 77c; valley, :78c. • •
Northern Wheat Market.
"The speculative situation is certainly
bnphter. and a vrry fair rise has he«-n e»
tablisried but the short lnt»-r<^t considerably
diminished, so that while th* i.utlook is prom
ising bujers will soon l^gln to Squire fresh
Ftimulus in the form of new favorable devel
opments. Stocks are now f.ncentrated in
strong hands and evidently held for higher
¦figures, ftandard railroad shares being a pur
chase on all recewslons of Importance. Rumors
of war l^tween Russia and Japan attract at
tention, bet the effect upon this merket ha«
hitherto r«»en slight. Neither • f these powers
Is likely :o borrow here, for the reason that
they can do better In Europe. The probabili
ties of ir outbreak are yet t™ uncertain to
cause seri-ms ut «.-.<•¦. r.. «« : still the contingency
•hould not be overlooked."
¦*Th«- money market is no longer a subject
of rfr.xifty. and the much feared stringency
did not ai'jiear during tlie crop moving reason.
Like r^arly all for*-s«-en disturbances it was
'avarte-j by anticipation. Funds are now re
lurnins morr- :n«!y from the interior: so that,
bnrrinc any flurry incidental to -dividend and
utbfi •:«burwnifnt* January 1. hank averages
ought U rise for ihe next two or thre«- months.
<Ji>ld tmpqrli have also been on a fairly lib
eral * ,iie. and international trade conditions
Irdlcat'- that this movement has not ended,
aUthcurh easier inon'y rates here would «juick
ly ajtop the influx. Our bunk loans continue si
• hiK-'i tigure. this being one of the i*ast *at
iffa^t' -y features of the situation. Hanker*.
however, sbow no uneasiness over the loan
-n, being amply protected by Rood col
la'<rs- . ; No doubt the loan aroount is cor^id
#rab)> e*pan'led by pyndicaie borrowings, sev
eral of the stronger of these organizations
i ¦ b*-en continued beyond their original
time .'or tba purpose of liquidating at more
ftn.i.hie oj>p<>rlunttie*. Weak syndicates.
fco»»-. ¦ i, have hern effectually cloned cut. and
there i* co doubt that borrowings of this
chars trr have bo<-n very laryely diminished
• nd '.hat the monej' market situation is much
•tronter than for t>ne or two years past: the
mnliscttoa of loan* Ix-lne chiefly in the for
rlsn ao.-ount and therefore not appearing in
'he lank r.tatrment. Secretary Shas> lndis
to in* stnm.ll' ofterines tinder circular of Sep
teir.b'r 23. is practical demonstration that
there js now no anxiety rone'rnint; the money
piark't in rith<r official or banking circles.
IRON AND FTEEL CONDITIONS.
"One of t!?«? most satisfactory features of
the »wk is the more settled conditions in the
Iron and steel trade. Since the decision of
the tillet pool to maintain prices a distinctly
better tcne has developed, and now that the
I/ro?;iect of a further reduction is removed
ordirs which have been held bark are likely to
be gradually forthcoming. The full 1>enefit
of thin act. will prnbably not aw>rar until the
MW year has fairiy startM. Should n-.pney
n.arkM conditiona favor and lab.«r troubltfe be
•tvoided. we may »t a partial revival of the
tma trade; nol on the feverish scale of 1902-C3.
*iut upon a more nagcnable and btable basis
of rroflt. There Is plenty if work in the Iron
trade to I** done at a price; though such a
rush r> r . orders without rejrard to cost as was
»xj>erieTved last year will not be seen again
for mar:y a day. Many of cur recent difficul
ties cun be traced to the steel boom, a re
turn of which mould not be prosperity but ca
lamity in the end. There le enough business
In sight to keep the mills employed*^" pres
ent prices for months to come.
THE SPECULATIVE SITUATION
"The old year closes in. better and sounder
condition than it opened, rallies being upon a
mut h more stable basis than a year ago;
»nl!*» the enormous Io»se« durinc the y»>ar.
unfortunate a* thry have been to many, have
bad the \>-ry <!>-s'.raMe effect of stepping reck
lr*s j.roniidlons and speculation. Propositions
that would have- been eagerly taken up in
bank park»rs twelve months ago could not to
<iay secure even h respectful hearing, and
theie is little prospect, if any; of a lenewa!
cf the daring operations which culminated in
the rich man's panic of 11MV5. We are now un
<!¦ rE'iing: the process of recovery ;rom a sharp
«Msck of Fyndicetitis. one of the modern msi
adies. Improvement is not likely to continue
without interruption: but drastic remedies
have been applied, and as the patlvu's con
stitutional \ir«>r hits not been impaired the re
turn to normal health ought nut to be far
tdlf-tant.
The New York circular of Henry Clews re
flect* the peneml Wall street view of money
mvA trade as follows:
THE FINANCIAL OUTLOOK.
Money and Merchandise Markets
Nozu Considered on a Stable
Basis.
EASTERN MARKETS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECA8T.
The injure „ has fallen, rapidly over the
northwestern portion of the country. There has
heen a rauid extension of the cloud area from
Point Conception northward. There are indi
cations that a large disturbance is coming
rapidly (mm the ocean.
tcutheart storm signals are displayed from
San rranrtsro northward.
No rain hat fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
There has been but little change in tem
perature rxcept where fog ha» cWlled the air.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hour*, en-iine midnight December 31 :
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday, probably rain; fresh south
» ¦•¦: winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday, with
conditions becoming more favorable for rain;
liKht easterly wind*, chcnfring to southerly.
Nevada — Cloudy, warmer Thursday; possibly
light snow.
San Francl«oo and vicinity — Cloudy unset
tled weather Thursday; probably rain; brisk to
high southerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
The Poultry market was in good shape and
all descriptions cleaned- up well, with the ex
ception of .. Turkeys, which were inclined to
drag. The fourth cai» of Western for the week
was -marketed .and consisted -chiefly of Hens
nnd Roonters, ; which cleaned up readily at
$ti 50 per dozen. Western Fryers and Broilers
Fold at "the same prices, as quoted below for
Callfornlari> Large domestic* atoek sold rather
slowly, owing to the competition of Western,
but. as receipts « ere light prices were well
maintained. There' was not much doing In
dressed Turkeys and the top quotation was ob
tained only for fancy stock. Second quality, of
ferings were dull, owing to the competition
of Western chilled stock from cold storage,
which was offering freely at 20c per pound.
Receipts of Californlan were about 225 cases.
Live Turkeys were dull at unchanged rates.
Game arrived freely. and several kinds were
quoted lower. The low prices seemed to stimu
late the demapd and the market was well
cleaned up at the close.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 17@22c per lm;
live Turkeys. lC«?18c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$2(g2 25; Goslings. *2ff2 25; Ducks. $5 60@0
per dozen for old and $8@7 for young; Hen«,
J.» C0@« fcr large and $4 60©5 for small;
young; Roosters. $5©0{ old Roosters -$5@5 50:
fryers. J4 50©5; Broilers Jt«t) Jii for large
and $3 60@4 for small; Pigeons. $1©1 25 per
dozen for old and $2ff2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks $:1^3 50 per dozen;
Canvajback. $."]#4; Sprig, '|2®2 60; Teal. $1 50;
Widgeon, $1§1 50; small Ducks. $l@l 25; Gray
Geese, $.t; White Geese, 75c<g$l; Brant. $1 for
ftnall and fl 60 for 'large; Honkers, $4#5 for
large and $3 for small: English Snipe. $3;
common Snipe, $1 75; Wild Doves, $1 25: Rab
bits, $1 75 for Cottontails and $1 25 for Brush;
Hare, *1@1 25.
Poultry and Game.
v SEATTLE. Dec. 30— Clearings, $839,181;
balances. $11)4,717.
TACOMA, Dec. 30.— Clearings, $308. 431,
balances. $V.\037. 2 _„..,„
PORTLAND. Dec. 30.— Clearings, $4i2,l»«;
balances, *47,71S. ..„„„.
SPOKANE Dec. 80.— Clearings, $3 1 0.23b;
balances. $C*J,208. . - .
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Dec. .30. — Wool, nominal:
tin ilium grades, combing and clothing. 17®21c;
llKht fine. 16®17Hc; heavy fine, 12@l4!ic; tub
washed. 20@;Uc.
St. Louis WooiMhrket.
Nau-York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— The cotton market
closed 3."{ to 4!* points lower: -
SUGAR.
Hans. P Co. — 75c Kllauea. 8 C. — —
Hawaiian C 44*« 4S Makawetl C. 23'-i —
Honokaa. S C 12** 13 Onomea 8 C. — 31
: Hutch S P C 8 »U Paauhau 3 C 14 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaaka PA.— 141 I Oceanic S C— 5^
Cil F C A. K'.s »3 Pac Aux FA 5 8%
Cal Wlna A. »1>» ; 92 JPac C Borx.167 —
Morning Sassloa.
Board —
0 Alaska Packers' Aasn 139 79
30 Makawelt » ao
$1,000 Nor Ry Co of Cal 6 per cent. .114 6O
15 Pacific Coast Borax 187 00
$10.0*:u Paclnc Electric Ry 6 per cent. 107 25
6 8 F Gas & Electric Co fr* tC'a
$5,000 3 P C 1st c 0 per ct i»trapd).107 00 '
$1,000 S V tt per cent bonds 106 00
Street —
$1,000 Pacific Elec Ry 5 par ct. caab.107 25
$3.0<K> a V e per cent bonds 106 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$3,000 Hawaiian C & 3 Co 5 per cent. 99 00
12 Pacific Coaat Borax 187 00
15 S F Gas A Electric Co tit 62^
Street —
$12,000 S F * S J V bonds 117 Ort .
16 Spring Valley Water Co 38 75
$30,000 S V tt par cent bonds 104 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock- Bid. Aiked.
Alma 1 4O
Apallo « ....
Associated Trust Certificate*. '18 10
Altec 8»
California Standard l f >
Caribou 1 53V» 1W
Central Point Con •••«
Chicago Cruda 17 ....
Claremcnt 4S •...
Esperanza X SH «...
Four 87 7O
Fulton 4 00
Giant ••••
Hanford 145 W>
Home 1 15 M7S
Imperial •••¦
Independence '-'¦
Junction 17
Kern * 5O 475
Kern River 12 OO ....
Lion °2
Monarch (of Arizona) 40
Monte Cristo 63 •«
Occidental of "W Va M
Oil City Petroleum 24
Peerless 13 75
Plttsburg ••••
Reed Crude (new) 4 60 ....
S F & McKittrlck ....
San Joaqaln O & D ••••
Senator •; ;•••.
Sovereign *• ; s
Sterling 2 *0 2 75
Superior OB _ 0.
Thirty-three 7 .V)
Toltec 19 2"
Twenty-eight * W
West Shore 3 CO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 50
Alameda Sugar ••••
American Btscuit 75 00 ....
American District Tel ••••
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
i California Cotton Mills S9 OO 95 00
California Jockey Club ....
California Shipping Company .... ....
Cat Title Ins & Trust , ••••
Central Bank of Oakland ....
Chutes Company ••••
Cypres» Lawn Imp Co 8 80 ..^.
Fischer's Theater 2 75
Gas Consumers' Assn ....
Honolulu Sugar ••••
Northern California Power. . 8 «0 ....
North Shore Railroad ....
1 Orpheum Company 1* CO ....
'Pacific States Tel A Tel.. -.-.. ....
I Parafnne Paint S3 <"> ....
' San Francisco Dry Dock ....
I Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 55 ....
Sausallto Land ft Ferry ....
I Sperry flonr Company
.Standard Electric
I Tesla Coal Company 25 00 3»» CO
: Truckee Electric ....
j 1'nion Sugar ••••
I United Gas & Electric • ••••
SALTS.
Morning Session.
Board —
ICO Horn* Oil 1 2rt
23S Assctd Oil Co Stock. Trust Cert.. - 17
500 Aasctd Oil Co Stock Trust Cert.. 1«
100 Petroleum Center OH 07
20O Petroleum Center. Oil "*»
iflO 2-5 Reed Crude OH 4 60
600 Monarch Oil 4»
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦•'--¦
10O Chicago Crude Oil 17
500 Home Oil 1 17V&
1 BAGS— Grain Bags, OiffS'ic:* San Quantln.
6.55c; Wool Bags. S2&35c; Fleece Twine, 7HO
COAL-^- Wellington. ' 18 - par ton; N«w Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $0 60; Bryant. *e 60: Bea
ver Hill, .$5 50; Standard. $7; Koslyn. »7;
Coos Bay, $5 60; Greta. $7; Wallwnd. $7: RJen
mend. $T 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
114 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14: Welsh Anthracite Krk. $13; Welsh Lamp.
$11 60; CanneJ. $8 60 per ton: Coka. $11 60©
13 wr ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Kocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 p*r a)00 lba and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
Harrison's circular says:' "Since the sailing
of the steamship Ventura. December 10, there
have been ths following arrivals of coal from
Australia. vIje. : Ladas. 2200 tons; Kensington.
271'7 tonsi Thistle. 3&40 tons; Zinlta. 84» tons:
total. 5>4ia ton*. There are- seventeen vessels
Under engagement to carry coal from the colo
nies on the way and to lead, with a carrying
capacity of about 4H.00O tons; of. these there
are nine cargoes already afloat and a portipn
of these 'to load' will not leave for several
months yet. The quantity of Australian coal
now h«re is very light, the major portion of
same being Richmond coal.* which Is being re
served for domestic uses only. Th# deliveries
of colonial coals at this port for the present
year will be over 50.000 tons In excess of 1902:
this has been brought about by the remission
of the duty on same of 67 cents per ton; as
the duty will probably b* renewed In 1904 the
outlook for an Increased importation Is dis
couraging and another serious drawback to an
'Increased Importation the coming year will be
a local demand in Australia for carriers to
move the large quantity of wheat just coming
In. If th» colonial colliery proprietors solicit
a portion of the coal trade here they will be
forced to reduce their f. o. b. price at New
castle about one shilling per ton. ¦ This will
be a necessity to men the competition that
will exist between the -British Columbia and
Australian coals In 1004."
. OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add fie. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43e for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' A A. $1 Wai 12: Lucol. 41c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 60@70c per gallon ;
Coroanut Oil. In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
OH, SOc: natural winter Sperm OH. 75e: extra
bleached winter Whale OH. 63c: natural Whale
Oil. «0c: extr8 winter strained Lard Oil. S5c:
No. 1 Lard Oil 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c:
No. 1 Neatafoot Oil, 65c: light Herring Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc: boiled
Fish Oil 40c; raw Fish Oil, 38c; boiled Paint
Oil. 3.V; raw Paint Oil. S3<\
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c: Pearl Oil in cases. 21 He; Astral.
21Uc; Star. 21Vic; Extra Star. 2.1' 3 c: Elaine.
27%c: Eocene. 2Mic; dedorized Stove Gasoline.
In bulk. 17c: In cases, 23>,c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: in cases, 19Vic: 80-desr?e Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c; In rases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and I'on barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6^9
7c Der lb: 'White I.ead. 6Vi®7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, pr lb. in 100-lb bass:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.tJAc:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granu
lated ItCO-lb bags only). 5.20r: Confectioners'
A 5.40e: Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.00c:
Golden C 4.80o; "P." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more: boxes, 5Oc more: fO-lh
bags 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels 5.W)c: boxes. 6.15c; H. A E. Crystal
Pomlnos. S.40c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
Trading light on the local exchanges.
Ji'hcat and Barley fntutxs lower, and cash Barley unsettled.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Some talk of an advance in Bran shortly.
Hay z'rry iirvi. zvith general complaints of dry zieather.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous prices.
'Bzgs continue to decline. Butter and Cheese weak.
Provisions higher at Chicago and dull here.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables about as before quoted.
Turkeys plentiful and dull. Other Poultry cleaning up well.
Game in liberal receipt and hnver.
Cranberries about cleaned out of the market.
Oranges in good demand. Apples plentiful and dull.
'Shipment of S7709 in specie to Hongkong.
Sihrr unchanged. Slight decline in Sterling Exchange.
Well street stocks easy. Another bad break in Cotton.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO6 J^ouis & N unl 4s.l00%
Do coup IOC'S . Manhattan c g 4s.l(>2
Do 3s reg 105}; Mexican Cent -4s. 71
Do coup 10«»<i Do 1st ino 15
Do new 4s re K .].ri Minn & St L 4s. 07
Do coup 133'iiMo K. & T 4s ... 87
Do old 4s reg.l07Hi Do 2ds 78Va
• Do coup 108>*JN R K of M c 4s. 74*i
Do 5s reg 101 VN Y Cent g 3Hs. 80^
Do coup 101» 4 jN J Cent g 5s. .130%
Atchison gen in. 0»ii,' Northern Pac 4s. .103
Do adjt 4s S8 Do 3s " (>1 »
Atlantic C L 4s. 93 x or & w con 4s. »«»i
Balto Jt O 4S...100T& o S L 4s * P«r. 8lTti
Do 3»is W> p enn conv 3*4».. 95*i
Cent of Ga 58...1U4 Reading Gen 4*. 97 1 '*
Do 1st inc CS 'st L & I M c 5s.lUH
Ches & O 4>i«...102>i l St LiSF tg it. M'k
Chi & Alton 3V»s. 7<)H!st L S W lsts... 92 T 4
C B & Q new 4s.. 91*4 Seaboard A L 4s. 70*£
C M & S P g 4S.11OM, Southern Pac 4s.. SSH
Chi & N W c 7B.131H southern Ry B«."ill4%
CRI*PIlR4s CR*h Tex & Pac lsts.ll. r >«,;
Do col Cs 75'i Tol St L & W 4s. 70%
C C C & S L g 4s ttOVj Union Pac 4* ion
Chi Term 4? 70>i Do conv 4s ... !>n%
Con Tobacco 4s.. CO** V S Steel 2d 5*.. 70vi
Colo & So 4s .. SO Wabash lsts 114"4
Denver & R G 4*.100 Do Deb B <U»A
Brie prior lien 4s. 98 I Wheel & L E 4r. K«H
Brif> Oen 4« S:i-"i YVis Cent 4s m»i
Ft XV & D C lsts. 102*;! Colo F ft I c 5«. «9
Hocking Val 4^s.1C0hI
. * NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 06
Alice 13 Ontario « 00
Breece 10 Ophir . .-. 2 <J0
Brunswick Con .. <*4 l'hoenix 14
Comstock Tuncel. 06 1^ Potosl 20
Con Cal & Va 1 2O ; Savage 4S
Horn Silver 1 10 Sierra Nevada ... 55
Iron Silver 1 .10 Small Hopes 2i»
Lead vIIIp Con (2 .Standard 1 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — \\>!<tingh Com.'.... 85
Call loans 3U04 | Mining-
Time loans ..3>&fetii£j Adventure 2'4
Bonds — A! Ion. 7. 4H
Atchison 4s 9SVi Amalgamated ... 50*i
Mpx Cent 4s GSVj Daly West S3
Railroads — Bingham 1'2.\
i Atchison CST; Calumet & H«cla.41(»
Do prefd 83 'Centennial 1"
! Bopton & Albany. 244 V4 1 Copper Range ... -4(!*i
Boston & Molne.lOii I Dominion Coal .. 72
Boston L NO Franklin S»s
N V N H & H.. 10.M4 IrIp Koyale «%
Fitohburg pfd ..l.JG Mohawk .17>i
Ijnion Pacific 8<H4 osa Dominion ... inv,
Mexican Central.. O?; Osceola 59'4
MlscPlIaneous — Parrot 21
1 Anier Sugar 12714 Quincy UO
Do preM 12.11-i Santa Fe Copper. 1 V4
Amcr Tel 4- T.-liS*^ Tamarsck »S
Domln I * S,.. »>i Trinity a
<?en E!<>ctilo 174 Tnlted States ... lS<-i
Maps Electric .. 19 Utah 38%
Do prrM 75^ Tnlted States ... IS'j
T'nitfd Fruit lno'i Wlnona 7»/ 4
U S Sioel 12\ Wolverine C8
Do pr«-f<l r>7!i
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols money. SS 11-IClX Y Central ...124>4
Do account B8>iJN0T & West ... «'0Vi
Auaconda 4 j Do prefd 00
Atchison 71'JiOntario & West.. 2:i%
Do prefd «."?>£ jppnnsylvanla U1 T 4
Balto & Ohio ... SU^IRand Mines U%
Canadian Paciflc.12'5 RpadinR '21
Chrs & Ohio ... 35*4 Do 1«t prrfd... 41
ChicaRo G W ... K>'4| Do 2d prefd ... HI
Chi M & St P.. 1 51 V Sou them Ry 21*;
DeBeery . 20V v ! Do prefd 82'4
I>n\fr & R G... 22>4;Southern Pacl8c. . 51T-i
Do prefd 72'di t'nion Pacific ... 83Mi
Erie SOiii Do nrefd 91^
Do l«t prefd... 70»',JU S Steel 12^
Do 2d pref J .12% i Do prefj Bffl
Illinois Central ..inn ; Wabash 21
Louis A Nash . . 1 1 3 H ' Do prefd 39 •
Mo K,-«n & Tex.. 1S'4 V
Bar Silver— Firm. 2."> 15-16d per ounce.
Money— 3 X^NU per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 3H per «nt and for three monttis*
bills :{*s'g3 7-10 per cent. .
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
The following quotation* are tor good. «o<«d
Livestock, delivered In San Frandaco, 1«m OW
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8S»e; Cow» and Helfert.
7©Se: thin Cowa. 433c i>«r lb.
CALVES— 4<8i\ ! iC per lb (grow * r « t * ht >; a< , f ,
SHEEP— Wethers. 3«i^4c: Ewe». 3U«3Hc
per lb (grots weight).
I.AMBS— 4H«»c per lb. .,.«„.
HOGS— Live Ilog», 140 to 180 lbs. B>»c: over
18O lbs. ric: »oft Hoei. 4>3®4*»c? »ow». 20 P«r
cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stagu, 40
p«r cent off from aboy* quotations. .
Wholesale rate* from slaughterers to dealcH
•re as follows:
BEEF — «>iB7iic tor Steert and G&Cc P«r Ib
for Cows.
VEAL- I-Arge. SgOc; small. 0310c p*r Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7H«3^c; Kwm. TO3c
per Ib. •
LAMB— OVi®10c p*r Ib. •
PORK— Drewed Hoci. 7©8Hc per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Fine lots of Burbank Potatoes from Salinas
and Oregon continued to move freely ' nd
prices wera * well sustained. . Tha steamer dua
from Oregon to-day will bring about 5500 bags,
but as ' tha cargo brought by the last steamer
is pretty well cleaned out of flrst hands, it Is
not expected that prices will be any lower. Re
ceipts of River Burbank* . were moderate, and the
best «tock moved off well at steady rates. Poor
stock continued dull and supplies were still
Hccumulating. A carload of choice Sweets
came in and was firmly held at an advance,
but -sold slowly, owing to the abundance of
carried over stock, which was offering at easy
rat«s. Onions were firm at the recently ad
vanced quotations. The receipts included a
carload of choice Oregon stock.
Los Angeles vegetables arrived fre«ly and
cholc* lots . of Peas and Summer Squash
brought higher prices. Quotations for Strlog
and Wax Ufa ns had a wide range, as- the of
ferings included much poor stock carried over
from the preceding day. ' Supplies of Tomatoes
were excessive and consisted , largely of old
stock, which was -hard to dispose of " even at
the minimum quotation. Fresh arrivals of
Green Peppers sold fairly at firmer prices, but
poor and old stock, which was still plentiful.
continued to drag- at unsteady rates. - »
POTATOES— Burbanka from ; the river. 60®
SOc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25© t 4O.per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, H5cftl 10 per ctl: River
Reds. 50@ti0c per ctl; Garnet Chile*. $191 10
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 5»>®1 75 per 1 ctl. '
ONIONS— $1®1 30 per ctl.
VEGETABLE— Green Peas, 6©-7c per lb;
String Beans, 6@10c per lb; Wax. 8®10c; To
matoes from Loa-Anseles, 40675c per. crate;
hummer Squash from Los Angeles, $1©>1 25 per
box; Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots SOc per
sack: Hothouse Cucumbers $1 60^2 per dosen:
J.arllc. C@7c. per lb; Egg Plant. 8@10o per
Jb: Dried Peppers r>@Sc per lb for Stockton
«nd Il@i2iic for southern; Dried Okra. 12? a c
Per lb; Green Peppers, :ig«c per lb: Mush
roomR.2iHr.-J0c per lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard
fc-quasn. $10(6,12 per ton for round lots and
Hfflc per lb for lacked i
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
l%fi2e:T!inothy. e©6He; Hemp, 3*i9S*ie per
lb: Millet. 3©3>-j,c; Broom Corn Seed. $203*23
per ton. ' ¦ '
DRIE'D PEAS— Green. $1 80® 2 per ctl. .
lie: MlddlD County. 11312c; Korth*rn Frea.
ll«12c: Northern Defective, 10511c: Htimboldt
and Mendoclno. 12914c;. Nevada. Kt^lto: Ore
gon fine. 18®lUc: Oregon medium. 17c par lb.
HOPE— 2OC24c per lb for California.
Iron closed at 48s 9d In Glasgow and at 42s
9d in MMdlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No.-l foundry. northern. $ir/(ilti; No.
2 foundry northern, $14@15; No. 1 foundry
southern and " No. 1 foundry southern, soft,
$13 50® 14.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— London reported a
big- advance In tin. with spot £1 Is «id higher
at £131 17s "(1. and futures £1 higher, at
£132 7s ed. Locally tin was strong, closing
at $2S 00Q28 SO.
Copper was unchanged at £56 17s €d for
epot and £50 10a -for futures In London. •¦ Lo
cally copper was unchanged, with lake at
$12 37\it?12 62*4; electrolytic, $12 25©12 60;
casting. $12 12*4®12 37*i. . -
Lead advanced Is 3d In London to £11 5s,
but remained quiet and unchanged here, with
spot p.t $4 3714. ...
Spelter — Firm. $5 locally., while in London
it advanced Us »M to £21 10s..
New York Metal Market.
5 73; poor to medium. $3 50@4 75: stockers and
feeders. $1 75®4: cows. $1 60tS4 10: heifers, $2
04 65: eanners. $1 5O@2 40; bulls, fl 7504 25:
calvea. $2 60©« 75.
HOGS — Receipt* • to-day. 40,000; to-morrow.
20.000: steady to 5c higher: mixed and butch
ers', |4 70(54 80: good to choice heavy, $4 70@
4 S(»; rough heavy. $4 G0®4 70; light, $4 33®
4 00: bulk of sales. ?4 60(34 75. >
. SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000; sheep and lambs
steady: good to choice wethers, $3 75^4 50;
fair to choice mixed, $3@3 75: Western sheep,
*.'! 25'«4 30] native lambs, $4 25110 10; Western
lambs. (4 00$ 6 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1903.-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
P* fe* £*
On MONDAY JanuaVy 4 at 11 o'clock, at
615 and 617 ELLIS ST.. between Hyde and
Larkln. By order of the Hon. E. E. Schmltz.
Mayor. w« will sell a lot of condemned Fire
Department Horse*. We will also sell a tot
Of well broken horses and mares, suitable for
all purposes, consigned to us by L. C Reese
of Mtrced. ¦ .-
B. TVATK1N3 & CO.. Auction— rt.
"Quickest — Tha Highest Amount,"
Is what It means when you Use your business
with me. as I bave advertising space by the
month which costs you nothing UNLESS I
MAKE A SALE, and if by auction you pay
we a per ctnt and I defray all other ex-
panses. Coma and talk It over.
- Anderson, the Auctioneer,
ROOM 26. PHELAX BUILDING.
Tel. Main 1852. Correspondence Solicited.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, .THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31, '1903.
14
HELP WANTED — MALE — Continue*.
•. A— MURRAY A READY. C54-638 Clay st! "
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
" 1802 We Gave ioty.1 We'll Give
£ 45.000 Men Work. €0,000 Men Work.
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
I German or Scandinavian cook, wife, $5o.
. . Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
t0 — DON'T FORGET- $3. -- "*¦ :
; I Arizona. To-day, Prescott.
1 Steady Job for two years: big wages.
I ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood; tools found,
NEW R. R. WORK.
1 133 Italians or Portuguese. $60.
k 155 Greeks or Spaniard*. $00.
155 Austrians cr Mexicans. $eo.
Sexton, young or middle-aged man, $25 found
'• 5 cooks. $.!O. $40. $.-.O, $iut and found.
' T MURRAY & READY. &U-e3t> Clay st.
' GOOD JOBS.
12 two or four horse teamsters, $67 30 an*
$75 per month; good joba.
German brewer for State of Nevada.
i 4 rigging pullers, * to and found.
3 bell boys. $25. $2«. $15 and found.
Neat young man, ten'i bar, help dsllver
drinks. $35 found, near city.
r MURRAY ft READY. &U-6S6 Clay n.
LOOK!
t 4 carpenters, factory. $3 25 day.
BAKER. HOTEL. S.V. and found.
Boy for coal yard, city; floor man. city «tabl»
R hostlers, city and country Jobs. $33 to
$60 and found.
Gardener, Jobbing work, cicy, $1 25 day W.
, Buggy washer, city Job. $75.
look:
' Baker, city school and Institution. $40 fd.
2 harness cleaners. $:>r> and $TA) and found.
IN MF.NDOCINO COUNTY.
f IS German or Scandinavian woodchorpers.
No. 1 bi* Job. $1 to $1 r.0 ord.
MURRAY & READY. 6:84-636 Clay St.
• CREAM separator and engineer man, $.13;
farmer and wife. $50 and house rent; young
Janitor for Institution. $2(> and found: colored
elevator. $20; kitchen man. $.TO; cook ani
wife. SCO; cook and wife, country. $105, see
boss" here; restaurant second cook, $80, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., (523 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — First-class carpet and wall paper
salesman for Interior department rtore, sal-
ary, $5*0 and percentage on rales; also a flrst-
class clothing and furnishing goods sales-
Iran, $7.1 and percentage. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., U2S Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st. ; phone Bush 403.
Epcol tender, logging woods, $55 a month
and board.
5 coal miners. $1 a ton.
FREE FARE.
Young roan for coal yard, one acquainted
with city. $1 DO day.
A — WANTED. 1C0 teams with harness; four
months* work. For particulars apply to C
R. HANSEN & CO. 42D Bush st.
WANTED — Young man 16 to IS years old to
learn the drue business: must come excel-
lently recommended: wages $7 per week. An-
swer, bcx 2757. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14,
fifth floor, 305 Lark'.n st.. for frea lnronna-
ticn as to positions, salaries, agtt limit*, etc;
day or evenings.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes. half-
soled when you can get It done fcr 25o, \3*>C
and 60c while you wait at 5C't Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.
HONEST, energetic man. collecting and gen-
eral outside dutle?; salary $50 month; $20'>
cash deposit required. IS. Montgomery, r. S.
OFFICE boy wanted; insurance business: good
position for right kind of a boy; seventh
floor Mutual Savings Bank building.
REPRESENTATIVE wanted In each county of
California: new propesitton. Address People's
Co-operative Co.. 4J7 Parrott bldg.. S. F.
A MAN of indomitable Energy and push, a good
talker, tager to make money. F. PERSON.
¦ 477 and 478 Parrott building^
TAILORS — Bushelman wanted. Apply ready
for work. S. N. WOOD & CO.
DISHWASHER in small restaurant; ?r> per
week: half day Sunday. 25R5 Market st.
STRONG and willing boy who haw worked at
carpenter work. Page st., near Shrader.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sate-. 438 Eighth
street.
INTELLIGENT man. not under SO years old,
familiar with general merchandise: not
afraid of hard work: state age, references
and salary. Box 2713, Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union mad?, at $1 an<i
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 f>»: w» pay
express or 'nail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
WANTED — Boy over 1C years to run elevator.
Apply Janitor Glendore, Pine St., between
Polk and Van Ness ave.
LOCKSMITH or visa hand to work on glov»
dies. WM. N. GUTZMAX. 1706 Dwlght
way. Berkeley.
PALMER HENDRIKSON, formerly of Seattle!
is earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
ing tnother, or ccme home.
MUSICIAN^ to Join military band. 328 Bush.
St.. third floor, room 4.
AT ence, two high-grade canvassers for raagft-
zlne work. 59 Columbian bldg.; city.
WANTED — For U. S. Marina Corps, abl*.
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In a'l parts of the world, on land In our
Inland possessions and at naval stations ta
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellin st.. San Francisco. Cal.. ajvt
401 K St.. Sacramento. CaL
WANTED — Men and women to learn tha
barber tniAe: wages paid while leaAlng.
Call or address Western College of Barbera.
fi47 Commercial St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— An all around bookbinder; on* wh»
can do forwarding and finishing on full
hounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL A CO.. 741
Market st.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to kaow
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to tha Denver Honaa.
217 Third St.; 230 rooms; 23c to 30o per night.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS? 40.E11IS *t. : 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
perrons for whom I have secured pensions.
MEN to lean barber trade. San Fr&nclsco
Barber College. 741A Howard at.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe: al«f> green
hands for whaling. HERMAN'S. 23 East it.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bul'ls, room 40. PSalta
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have s> large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 33c night; road In g rooms;
free 'bun and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH of flee of The Call for tha reception!
of advertisements and subscriptions has bana
opened at 100S Market sC. o«xj»lt« Fltt&.
* Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. B63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25a '
to BOc. test Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2rt sts.
HORSES A.VO WAGONS.
FOR SAL15 — Handsome trap, cheap. Address
box 3759. Call office.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light campins; wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. SC2 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey.harness, work, driving hcrses. 15th- Valencia.
' nOl'SES TO LET. ~
A— PRINTED hst of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES acd flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take 'advantage of
this department; It w'll save you time an1 %
trouble. Corues Furniture Co., 2 13-235) Geary
St., en the stluare
LARKIN. 908. near Geary— 7 rooms, bath, !
laundry. 4 front rooms; rent enly $32 50.
UMBSEN &. CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
lolet. BALDWIN & IIOWELL. 23 Post st.
*¦ "' .
LOST^.ND FOVXD.
ALLIGATOR skin pocket-book containing t '
Pestefflce notes and papers: payment stopped:
no use only to owner: liberal reward: no
questions asked. Return to 1928 .Mason St.
HAND satchel: Market-st. car 1120; Wednesday
morning. Return to GEORGE CAMERON,
327 Market st.. and receive reward.
LOST — Case containing diamond ring and stud.
between -Hayes and Devisadero. Scott and_^
Fulton. 12C6 Fulton st. : $2O reward. =S
LOST — Gentlf-ifsan's solitaire diamond ring.
. heavy embossed gold setting: reward. Mrs.
M. R.. room 11 Hotel Stewart. 431 Elllj st.
LOST— Gold pencil holder with name on; lib-
eral reward. 418 Clay st.
L^7gT— A watch fob on . beach near C1UT
•louse. Return 33 Second st.; reward.
A LITTLE WANT ADVERTISEMENT PLACED IN THESE
I EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
GOOD barber seeks pteady position. Barber.
11B4 Page at., phone Page 117ri.
A MIDDLE-AGED married man desires a po-
sition with son™ retponssb?* firm; will accept
any situation, city or country. Address boj
2702. Call office. 7
V> YOUNG man who has IS months' experience
>X desires ncnitlcn In barber shoo to finish ap-
i< preni!ce.:hip. Address C. T. WELLS, 720 Cal-
ifornia *t. -:"-••**:- .
POSITION wanted — A reliable married man:
understands car» of horses, carriage* and
harness and can milk; wife good ccok and
laundress ; references. S. P.. 77 Ninth »t.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by a respectable mail
1 willing to work fcr small wages for a few
? months. Bcx 3CS2, Call office.
? A WELL-EDUCATED strong Swiss, age 2S.
? attending night school, wants work of any
> kind; references. Address box 2707. Call.
S Al PAINTER, paperhanger and tinter wishes
2 work by the day; very reasonable. Address
? box 2716. Call.
>? CARPENTER wants -work; will do any kind
2 of carpenter work: references. Carpenter,
1C08 Hyde st.
WANTED— Side line for State of California by
experienced salesman. Box 2712, Call.
CHOREMAN wants place; city or country. Box
2714. Cail office. - ;
>$ JAPANESE boy wishes a situation as sehool-
'* boy In Kmall family in San Rafael or Berke-
,> 1-y. K. NAKA. 121 Haizht st. •
'f A NICE Japanese boy wishes situation as
\ schoolboy. Address P. S.. 315H Stockton st.
'? A JAI'AN'ESK wants position as schoolboy. H.
'? NIKKl. 4C5 Post St.
EXCHANGE.
FIRST-CLAS3S Saa Jose and Santa Clara Coun-
ty property In exchange for good rooming-
house or livery stable. Address B., Cail of-
fice. San Jcse, Cal.
{ FACIAX, UASSAOB.
? A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
? anteed. new method: 60c. M. LUTOX. mani-
curing par'ors. 704 Larkin st. : phone Polk 17.
FINANCIAL.
HALFMOON Bay — A new company now organ-
izing owns 'nearly completed well enly- 400
feet from the Independent gusher; officered
by men of highest reputation; small amount
of stock is offered at organization price.
DEBENTURE SURETY CO..Rlalto bdg..S.F.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
flea ted. XV. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanclal Agent. rt22 Emma Spreckela bldg.
FLAT9 T,O LET.
y ____
t A — HOUSE3 and flats to let: an Immense list:
service ..jsolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
si., on tbe square.
ALi, of the most desirable flats and houses ara
> listed tn our renting department; let us siva
I you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
MASON, 1132— Modern, sunny flat. 7 rooms,
bath; vacant by January 1. €87 Pine st.
UNION. 1065. near Leavenworth — Sunny upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath; marine view; $30.
FLATS TO LET — FL'U.MSHED.
| A — $25: furnished flat. 5 rooms and bath. COCC
> Shotwell «t., near Twentieth.
* — — .
> FUHMTLHK FOR SALE.
> FURNITURE for sale; flat of 5 rooms an£
| bath: cheap. lMtfA Vnllejo st., lower flat.
J NEW oak bedroom set; also household goods,
> Inc. beddlnsr. kitchen ware. 1312^4 Mission.
I M'RMTIIHE WASTED.
} A — Highest price paid for fur.,carpets,etc. Mrs
J T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co., 812 Lerkin!
I HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
> BURP, auctioneer. lSlSMkt.; tel. Howard 2756.
; A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44R2,
, buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets. |
I HELP \\ ANTED— FEMALE^
! COOK, no washing, Alameda, $30; cook. $3T>r
cock, San Mateo, $30; cook, delicatessen, $."0;
' restaurant cook, $40: parlormaid, $30; 4 sec-
ond girls. $25, $30: 2 second girls, Oakland.
$30; lady's maid. $25; housework, 2 In fam-
\ ily. country, $40; housework, Menlo Park,
$.T0, fnre here; 2 nursegirls, $20, $25; 4
! waitres-ses. family hotelp. $23: chambermaid
and waiting. $20. $22 50; laundress. $25;
American housekeeper for family. $40; 54
general housework girls, $20, $25. $30; wait-
ress. 6 hours. $3 DO a week. Call to-day. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng,
: manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to Fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school hi
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— 'Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: botb seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions an trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 14.1 Stockton st., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room P4; positions secured
at highest r.-ages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS' & CO.'S
FACTORIES, 32*£ FREMONT ST. AND 187a
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A GIRL for housework and help with children;
no wafhinsr; carfare paid; $25. Call to-day
between 10 a. m. and 3 p. m. Apply 23-'«
Third ave., Richmond district: Sutter-st. ca».
GOOD German or Swedish cook, light house-
work, .-mail family, $;S0: Japanese assistant;
car fare. Apply Thursday morning, bet. 1C
and 12. 2214 Van Ness ave.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady In cloak and
•»uit department; good salary. Address J.
K. & Co.. box C761. Call.
WANTED — For wholesale establishment,
bright, accurate young lady, quick at figures;
state reference and salary. Box 2758, Call.
A NEAT slrl to do general housework. 335
Rartlett St.
WOMAN to run dining-room. Institution. Cal.
Emp Agency. 59 Third st.
INDUSTRIOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co.:
genteel work; good >omp<>nsatlon. Suite 19,
Columbian building., 916 Market st.
WANTED — In San Rafael, strong. Intelligent
girl, about 2S years, general housework;
wages $.10 month. Address, with references,
H. B.. 800 Fourth St.. San Rafael. Cal.
WANTED — Stenographer and typewriter; mod-
erate salary to cemmence v.-lth; steady posi-
tion: give reference, experience and wages
expected. Address box 275C. Call office.
• WANTED — Flrst-class salesladies on cloaks
and suits: city references. BARON'S. 762
Market at.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mias
' M. G. Barrett, Instructor, 302 Montgomery.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman, general house-
work; references. 0fi2 Clayton.\ cor. Halght.
GIRL for general housework: $15 a month. 120
Eleventh St., tcp floor. left.
SWEDISH girl wanted for general housework.
1720 Le Roy ave., Berkeley. Calif.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tha recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscristlcas baa
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
• HELP WANTED — MALE.
A^FA^^IC^EMii^^r^^
to 520 — Sacramento st. — 52i> •
Phone Main 11111. Cor. Letdesdorff st.
COAL MINERS— OREGON — NEW MEXICO.
CHICO. BUT7E CO.— HALF FARE— $25.
2 and 4 horse teamsters, $2 25 and $2 50 day.
5 laborers, cheap fare, $2 25 day.
Man and wife, country grocery, man tend
grocery, wife cook, 2 or 3 people, south, -see
boss here to-day. $t0 and found: man and
wife, orchard and ranch, on shares, boss
here; n:arrled laborer, brickyard.
A YOUNG man to attend to horses and make
. himself useful around a private stable: $40.
board and room: references required.- MISd
PLUXKETT. 125 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
.NIGHT clerk. $25; free fare.
a"_ : ¦ .: ~L L
Men to learn the barber trade in two mentha
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
' Information mailed free. MOLER System
College, 635 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair. feot-form-sho«s at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, J.1 50; best shoes on earth.' 11
Third St., Exami bldg., 5 doors from Market.
" BHKHBHbHHHSI^^9I
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
s A. CAMERON & CO., Phone 1050.
, 3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses,, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
> 125 rooms; first-class downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
i line commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent only $125; good leaser fine
• location; some apartments always full; clears
5 *200.
¦' 110 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
' apartment house; one of the swellest In city:
' clearing $500 to $000 per month; splendid
opportunity.
7-room new modern flat: **50 cash, bal-
I ance on Installments: income $45; price $550.
220 rooms; Brand new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
i clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden op-
-, I portunlty.
16 rooms; Van Ness; cak and mahogany
furniture; a 'bargain If taken at once.
1 88 rooms: bonton location: elegant build-
ing; luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: oak fur.,'- Brus. carpets;
clears ?50; $300 cash. bal. oa installments;
price $S00.
5!) rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up-to-date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
SO rooms; rent $05: fine location: all on two
floors; 2 years' Itase; clears $100. all full;
$2000.
f.O rooms; Bush; rent only $1C2; good fur.,
carpets; clearing over $200 per month; only
I 14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a enej>.
15 rooms: Van Ness; rent $S.": >".ak, ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200;
almost new.
S6 rconiu: cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak fur., Brus. carpets; clears over $250 p/;r
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent; owner
sick In bed.
7 rooms; rent $3S; modern house; Dew fur-
niture; clears $oO; enly $400 cash, balance
time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 per month; price
$1000.
19 rooms; cor.: rent $35; oak fur.: good
carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, balance
on time.
22 rooms; rent $75; never changed hands;
all men; steady roomers the year around:
clears $S" per month; first-da's business
district; price $1800.
0 rooms: rent $45; oak fur.: moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; eee this.
18 rooms; fine sunny corner; rent only $S0;
well furnished; all outside rooms; fine yard;
clears $100. A
68 rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout; close In; first-class
boarding-house; clearing $250 per month.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 708.
1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Reliable Dealing. Easy Terms. Clear Titles.
Former Patrons My Best References.
21 rooms; near Mwrket st $ 750
100 rooms; grand sunny corner 70t>0
40 rooms; Van Noss ave. ; worth $3000.. 1800
i* rooms; cheerful and homelike i"i
IS roonu*; b unfurnished; rent $15 500
.*>•¦> room.?; transient: lease t 1MH)
20 rooms; lease; electric lights »>50
R roorr.b; Post St.; rent ?.'J2; only 2;>f>
14 rooms: Taylor st.; speculation 7.10
7-rocm Hat: newly furnished.: 350
A— JOSEPH BKIRM.
Room 72. St. Ann's building, 6 Eddy st.
24 rooms; rent Si",; location O. K $1KCO
rift rooms; Van Ness: boarding; cor.'; snap. I.'JOO
11 rooms: fur * carp I mo old: cost $1000. 700
AND NOW THINK OF. THESE:
30 ROOMS: SI'NNY CORNER; RENT $3
ROOM; OXLT 1500
30 ROOMS': FIT. & CARPETS NEW C
MONTHS AGO; RENT $100 21C0
FOR BARGAINS CALL ON
SKIRM. Room 72. St. Ann's building.
A ROOMING-HOUSE snap: IS rooms tn a fine
location; just furnished new; If you take it
quick it can be had at a very low price; don't
overlook (his offer: there's nothing In town to
beat it. Apply H. S. RANSON, 2C1 Geary st.
FOR PALE— A BOARniNG-HOUS?E: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY; LEASK:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2850,
CALL OFFICE.
A— $.'.000: PRIVATE boarding-house, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and flrst-class patron-
age. See R. G. WILKE. 2C*£ Kearny st.
ROOMING house; 14 rooms and bath: carpets
new; furniture in good condition; rent $63
month; central location; a bargain If sold at
once. 5CS Post et.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been or>en«;d at ](*>8 Market St., opposite
Firth. Open until 11 n. m.
SPIRITUALISM* ~~~
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavia: phonn Scott 887.
MME. YOUNG'S watch meet, to-night from 9
to 12; Prophecies for the Nation for 1904 read
. at 11 o'clock. 010 McAllister St.: 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S New Year seance to-night, 9
o'clock; frlenOc only; $1. 1084 Bush st.
A MATERIALIZING eeence Thursday, 8 p. m.,
M> cents. 328 Ellis Ft.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; sennces Punday and Thursday.
clairvoyants.
a^pauiTdestine^ " ~ "" "
Tbs First Registered Trsnc* Clairvoyant and
Palrolpt Ever In Kan Francisco.
Read Carefully. An Honest Proposition.
No Cbarg* No Chart*
Unlrrs you olvpin «h» Information for which
you eonmilt me.
] 6n hereby solemnly agree and cuarantft* to
mnu« no ch«rg» If 1 full »o tell your name, oc-
cupation and what yon called, for: I promts* to
tell you if husband, wife or sweetheart Is true
or false: t»ll who «n<l *li»n you will marry; In
fact. I will t"ll every hope, fear or ambition
better than yon can tell yo»r«elf: 1 reunite tn«
separated, restore lost affections, cause »p«edy
and happy marriage, give you crno<l luck, re-
store lest, energy; 10 a. m. to S p. m. : Sun. 2-8.
32G O'Farrell St.; low fee this week — $1. $1. $1.
MME. Id. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently locavd at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
prest-nt harpenlnrs and portrays even's to
occur In th-e future: If you are. In trouble, dis-
contented or not eatisfled with life, or have
domestic, love- or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life: 2.1c up; eatisfactlon guaran-
teed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 45CU. •
STARTLING disclosures made: come at once
to RovlLg Bill's Gypsy Camp
And consult Prof. Sarrtou and Gypsy Madge.
2 expert nalmi»ts< a«d life readers — 2.
True and reliable advice on all business af-
fairs, love, troubles and speculations; they
have no equal; satisfaction guaranteed.
Hours. 9 h. m. until 10 at night.
25c Hand Reading*, $25c: worth $1.
ROVING BILL. 2UC O'Farrell st.
A - LIVORNO. '
The World-Renowned Palmist
And Crystal Gazer.
84 Kearny et., over Hammersmith * Fi*ld'«;
»e*». portrait oJ Mme. Ltvorno and origin*.!
testimonials from distinguished people at en-
. trance; .5 questions by mall, $1. Send month
and year of blrtb.
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 6 p. ri.; readings by mall as eatls(ao<
tory as In person; :i qu»«t'ons answered, fl;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; dont send currency; (tend postofflca,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fall try me:
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. g. ave.
MME. VE1NA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: just returned from long ab-
sence. 406 Geary *t.. near Ma«on. room 1.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
namn; L. 50c, Q. SI. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 8 4th st.. near Market.
MISS WARD, removed to 917 Market, rs. 11-12
gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 9 p.m!
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader re-
moved trom 132 6th to 2314 Cth : la. 25c, g. 50c
OL'OEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26<4 Koarr.y, room 20: ladies, 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. BHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; stt-
tlngs dally. 448% Jessie «t.. bet. 5th and 6th:
. crass atrgroKB.
WHO DOES IT?- HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you -suffer?
CARPET^ pja ATIXG ¦AXD i CI.EAMXG.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. V. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building;. Phone Main r>237.
Y/IJEN you become tiU^usted with your work
send for SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating: mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
- rlson Et.: Al cleaning: ile; tel. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutterst.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works;prlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. : tel.Misslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
3-Tt Goldrn Gnte ave. ;. telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mr.de;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 0586.
DE.NTISTS.
DR7~GR~USSr~ftb^5-V'ca!high^
I and McAllister fts., uses the Bas'or.l Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented tor grlnd-
¦ ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration eaU at r-tflce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144.T Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
waiibntcd 20 yrs.; crown, $.'{ 50: filling*. 60c;
plates. *3: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building, San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crown* 92 up:fllllnga 25c.
GOLD flilingR. 76c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday Dr.O.B. Hewitt. 20t Slitter.
UKKSSMAlYHItS AMI SKASISTKESSES
ACCORDION, Bunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking * Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. /
ANOTHER Enlargement— -California Business
College moves the first of the year to 1U
. new home. 901-02. r « Golden Gate ave., occu-
. pylr.g 13,000 square feet, the entire top floor
of the new Pioneer Automobile bldg., oppo- j
Me beautiful Jefferson square; every modern
idea for health,, comfort and progress of our '
•tudtnu; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies larger space than any j
other two business colleges on the coast;
write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue. , giving full information about our
25 it-r cent removal discount. Address 300
Larkln st. : ¦ ¦ . ' '
ALWAYS the best — We ¦ are enlarging our
quarters' 50 per cent; ether schoolc are mov-
ing farther out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation Is central, amonc the. business houses,
giving advantages lnsecurlng positions, al*o
convenient car service; experienced business
1 men as teachers: actual business bookkeep-
ing; Qrexg shorthand (used In half the
schools In America); typewriter at home
free. SAN KRANCIECO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 123C Market st.
AYREE, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
- ket -st.:- established IS years; life scholar-
ship, $50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions se-
cured: the- college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture' Jan. 1. Catalogue
free. .
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST, S.
v F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
. languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost Institution of the kind In, the entire
¦ Weet: 12 ¦ teachers: send for catalogue. Na-
tive Sons', bldg.. 414 Mason at. 'J.-V' :
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough - school".; positions' secured for
graduates; modern methods; > Individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum." an accredited preparatory schocl
tor the university, lay and medical colleges;
'.^ref.,' President Jordan or any Stanford .profes-
' scr : day and evening sessions. Phelan ' bldg.
FRENCH lady wishes pupils for French, Ger-
man, piano;- would give lessons for room or
-board. -Box <275f). Call. -¦¦
(SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION.. :...:. Day and !
PARTINGTON'S. 421 Pln« st. .. .Night class. "
THE^CAMj
•
JOHN P. SPSECgEI.3. Proprietor.
ULm Ccnaiijucamiis 13 IOEe'kcSADGJt! Kasagsr
W. J. MARTIN Business llanaeer.
XELEFliONfc.
Afk for THE CALU The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market «n«S Third. S. F.
. Kditorial Rooms 217 to 'S-t- Stevennoa st.
Delivered by Carriers. 'JO Ct». P"" \v>ek. 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 6 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postau* <Ca«h With
Order): .„ ..
DAILY CALL Qnds6. Sun2T-V 1 yrar..?8.00
DAILY CALL Unclud. S-jnday). 6 not.. 4.00
J3A1LY CALL — By Single Month 7.V
F1MMV CALU 1 Year 2.50
VEESLT CALU 1 Year I- 0 "'
*-OR*-Tr~v f Daily... $S. SO Per Year Extra
PO^^Gf" < Fun-iayV. 4.15 Per Year Extra
PCS. AGE. ] Wefk]y .. x.oo Per Year Extra
ALL PCSTMAPTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cajzple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
ilstl mjbfcrtbers !n ordering chanrw *rt.j£l
«ress chould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt a&4 correct compliance with their r»-
ssen.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1 IIS Brcafiwsy Telephone Main 1083
KERKELEYOiTICB:
ti'S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CliANE 1*06 G Street. N. W.
NEW YCI'.K NTYTS STANDS: ,
¦n-nldcrf - Astoria Hctei: A. Urerjtano, SI
TT.Jon Fquare; M-Jrray Hill Hotel: Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel and Iloffrran House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
:^errran Hcuse; P. O. News Co.: GreM
Northern Ho:el: Tretnont liouse; Audltortuia
Hctel; Pr.lmer Hcuse.
CHICAGO RFPRESENTATIVE :
C GISDRG1S KROOVE^S. ..Marquett* BalHf
'Lcng Distance TeUphone. "Central 261».">
NTTW YORK REPREFENTATIVE:
FTEPREN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulldlnf
NEW TOP.K CORKESPOXDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BTFTNESS CFFICK of the Francisco
OH. '•orrer Market cad Third streets; open
•irtll 12 o'clock every n'.trht In ihe year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
tr; Mcrtsom*ry ttroet, comer Clay; cpea on-
tfl »!:?(• p. m.
S0<i Hayei" Ftreet; ci>en cnt'l 9 p. m.
«3» McAilieter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
• I.'. I.arkin street: cpf-i until »:30 p. m.
1941 %nttUm Etreet; cj.'en until 10 p. m.
C2«l Market street, comer Sixteenth: ©pea
until 9 p. m.
206 Eleventh street; cpen i:r/_!l 9 p. m.
"Hgc Valccr'.a Ftreet: cpen urt'.l 9 p.' m.
Ncrtfcenst rorcer Church Duncan streets:
«r«n until 9 n. m.
Northwest comer cT Twenty - *ecoc4 aad
Kentucky streets: cpen until O p. ta.
y;.y> ¦p-ii| tT , r^ o rrrr. until '» r». m.
VKRUA Huer.a I>id»:e No. 15. I.
XliillT (Thur.<.:a.v» at 7 -W-S^S^
o'clock. *•'?..
FRANK KRII.L. N. G.
CHAS. A. \%LSE\VKLL._I{ec._S^c.
"IT'LL be a gran' r.ichf— Twenty.- v C7
eecor.j annual ho^tnanay fu|iw»r^\ QiU
*nd ball given by the Pan Fran-
4-Ueo Souliish Ti.It'.ie Club, Native
bow* Hall. 414 Mafon St.. THfKeOAY
EVEXIXG. December :il. V.mZ. Festivities
begin at *¦:"<) p. m.. march to oupper at 11
j». m. Tlckela SI r.o each, for tale at door on
n.ght of th<- afiair.
GEORGE IV. MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. I'ATERSON. Recorder.
•ANNVAL MEETING— Notice is hereby given
tltat Ibe flit-^nih annual m*%ting «f the stock-
htti&err -if the ?an Frarci?oo and Oaklani
Uutual I^ian A?5«x-iat<on will b° hold at the
utflce of th»- ccr:>oration. r.1** Montgomery st.,
;-an Fr^nct«».o. on \V*-«Jnesday. January 0,
I'.x.i. p\ :{::{'> p. tn.. fur the pun>of<- of elect-
ing j lire*, tuts f< r the «>n?niing year, presenta-
tion of the Rnecntll arnual report and the
tranpactiun of hu( h oth»-r bastacM that may
.tjn-if l>oiore the meeting. Books are now oj^n
Jnr the pubFoription to l<»*»0 shares of stock
«if the- Kixt<-<-nth series. By order of the Hoard
of Directors. .
A. SHARUORO. Secretary.
THE Calncmia Debris <;cmmifsion having re-
t-eivfd applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from Clarence Uradshaw, John llaronl
and Edward Santlrto. in Elephant Placer
Min*. near Volcano. Amador County, Cal..
drair;lr.R Into Suiter Creek, which reaches
Pan Joacjuin Klver; from \\'., F. W. and
Geo. Weytnan. in Comri Hill Gravel Mine,
mar <i:an!te Hill. El Dorado CoatttT. Cal..
rirair.ins Into Bull Ravine, v.-hich drains into
Wt-bbr Creek, thence into American River,
from E. A. V.'iltsee and J. E. DoolittK in
»rnch Hill Miri?, near Lapranpe. Stanislaus
County. Cal.. draintnc into Snake Kavine,
which* drains into Tuolumne River, and from
E A Wi!twv> and J. E. Doollttle. in Pat-
riok«viile Uinins district, draining into Pat-
ricks Hatin. near Lagrange. Stanislaus Coun-
ty. Cal.. srivpp notice that meetlnK will be
.held at room 1»C, Hood buildine. b'an Fran-
rl«co. Cal.. Jan. 11. lftf>4. at l::io p. m.
ANNirAL Mettlng — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hi>rin« Valley Water
• "ompany will be htld at the ofSce of th»
company. No. 12t> Sior-liton Ft., r.t 12 o'clock
nooa. oa WEDNESDAY, she Vtth day of
January, 1S*M. for the election of directors
to »;erve. for the er.sulne ' year, and for th*
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
I'EUIAU W. AME.«. Peoretarj-.
Pan Francisco. California. D^cmbir .10.
llKiJ.
THE ar.nuaLmeeting of tKe stockhollem ot
tbe NevaO* National Back of Saa Fran-
clfco. Cal.7 will be bcld at Its banking-
house. 301 .Montgomery street.- San Fran-
cisco. Cal., on Tuesday. January 12. 1904,
ct 3:15 p. m.. fcr tbe election of directors
to eerve Curing the ensuing ye*r, and for
the tracraction of euch other business as
n-.«y cctne before the ni-etlng.
GEORGE GRAIJT. Sec.
Fan PYanrlscn. Dec. 12. ISM.
AGENTS WAJSTCP.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
•s worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
AGENTS c*n make $7 per <iay up In spare
time; more by steady ¦rorlc REDD1N, 72«
Ftarr King building. : - '
ATTt»3.XEVS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Fu'.te S22. Emma S^reckels building.
Divorce* quietly and 1«-Ra'.!y obtained for
• tcht causes; dansages secured for Injuries to
t^reon or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for dpbts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceeding*: w«!ls probated; estates sealed;
collections made in al! rarts of the U. S. —
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a *ma1l fee.
6»e me and save irioney: no pay 1n advance.*
G. W. HOW12. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
f>tabl!sh»>d 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2 .1. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
J322 Market rt.. Ixtween Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed
R. W. KING. A?'.orney-3t-Law, Exam, bldg.,
«i!h flotr. entrance room Oil; established J.'»
years; al! rasc«; Ron-ral court and office
practice; n<» fef Jn advance or for consulta-
tion; *venlny« by zpirainlnirn!. Tel. Ited 3001.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost-In meritori-
ous cases, divorces. 'probate and all other law
cas.es: no fef>» in advance: open every even-
lug. J. M. THURSTOX. bVJ Market tt.. r. JL
ADVICE FHEE.
Columbian Law an<i Collection Agency.
P.oom 85. 9J« llari-.it st.: tfl. John C226.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings- tenants
ejected. $.'>. 9i»> Market. r.C2;ph»ne lilack 051.
DIVORCE— Costs. 512; quick, quiet; advice
free; ojx n evening?. 1C7 Market ft., r. 301.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; aH
lsw business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
L. P. CLAR4C. H27 Market St.; consultation
free: n'. f"»T. In advance: open evening*.
DIROS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING cariariej., laJkir.g parroU; all
kinds of sons and fancy b'.rir; goldflsh. needi,
• ¦ages. ef. <Jive us a trial; we will p!cas«
vou. i.*4'i Mark'-t st.
I»:SI\ESS CHAXCES.
CALL and cee UM list of lodging houses from
C> to 200 rooms; cheap rents; lintels, road-
linuses, ts Icons, restaurants, Brocerle*. llverjr
t:ab!ec boi.pht and Fold and exchanged;
money leaded on chattels; millinery etore to
«xchar.ge. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
1"m;NO. act !«¦*¦. sober man wishes to Invest
«br,ul $.""0<) in seme Faying business; Is fa-
miliar f.lth tt*e wholesale Hqu&r and wlno
buKinesf. Address K. METER. 1700 K Et..
h-acragiento, Oal.
AN oicl-establlshed wholesale fruit produce
«.-<irmr.!?vion business for sale cheap; owner
¦jrjflbf* to retire on account of old age reason ;
for sfiUr.z. Cox 3C79. Cs!! of0ce. j
EDITCATIOXAI.— - Continued.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school cf
darning; established 20 years. 1-112 Polk st..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day eVKS.. Teutonia Hall, Howard st., nr.
tith. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. m<>ch.; sur-
vey, assay, cyanlds; day, ev. ; est. 1564. Van
der Naillen School, ll.'t Fulton, nr. City Hali.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMT.. I'eralta Park.
Berkeley, bearding school for boys under 15.
BRO. GENEBERN. Director.
HEAI,D'S SchDol of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
*t., S. F. ; a cractlcal school of e-nglneerlng,
complete e<julcment. Special catalogue free.
BANJO. mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught; orchestra practice free to pupils. J.
HOWARD MANSFIELD 4G2 Geary st.
PIANO lessons. 2.'.c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
PRIV.iTE lessons: penmanship and English;
day or night. 530 Golden Gate ave-
ARITHMETIC. bookkeeping.grammar. writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st.- tel. Bush 1.15
.Inpanese-Chineee employment office; fur-
nishea best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPIIEITSI Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese lielp. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 413
Stockton: tel. Grant Itis; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Or-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Loon Seung's. 411V4 O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese h?lp; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1»97. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
EMPLO YMEXT WASTED-^FEJI ALE.
A COMPETENT Scandinavian girl wishes,
housework and cooking; wages $30. Box
2754. Call.
FIRST-CLASS German second girl, fine sewer
and waltrtsa. wishes situation In small
American, family: $30. Add. box 2762. Call.
COMPETENT elderly woman wishes situation
to do cennral housework; wages no obect.
Call 930 Howard st.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker Just from the
East would like work by/ the day. Address
IS Verona place, city.
A GIRL wishes situation to care for children
or assist with housework. 412^-i Ash ave.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a situation
-in city to do light housework and plain
cooking for a * mall family; wages $20; no
washing. ¦ 545 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED trained nurse, desires posi-
tion taking care of Invalid or sick person;
best ofj-eferences given. Address 511 L?av-
enworth st.
WANTED — By experienced nurse, take full
charge of baby from birth, wait on Invalid,
help with light housework. Call at 757
Harrison st.
A GERMAN gtri wishes situation as upstairs
girl. Apply at S3 East Pilrk st.. Bernal
Heights.- .
NEAT colored girl from New York as wait-
ress, chambermaid cr cook: car fare. 1006
Clay st.
REFINED lady would like position as house-
keeper. Box 2703. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subfcrlptlon* received at
Call, Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church »t».
WANT »d!«"and Fub^crtptlons taken for Tb»
Cnllat Ffttnn'x Baxftar. , <R3 McAllister »t-
EMPLOVME\T AVAjVTEp— -MA LE.
POSITION, wanted — A reliable married man:
understands cere of . horses, carriages and
harness , and can milk: wife, good cook and
. laundress; references. S. D., 77 Ninth st.
GENTS' furnishing, goods salesman; 3 years'
expsjrlence; desires - a position v.-lth retail
house: .beat of '- references;, also bond ' It re-
quired. Box 276u, Call. . .
YOUNG man wants , position as choreman on
¦ ranch or private family; sober, reliable. Box
276.">; Call. " , •:..
CirpREMAN or.useful man, private family,
* VSound -.' hotel or building; references. Box
I : 2704. Call office. ¦
• BO Ys aged IS wishes position to 1-arn plumbing
¦j.^ trade or, running an elevator. Box 2771,' Call.
BUSINESS CHAXCES — Continue*.
H. G. WILKE, Real Kstate and Business
Agent 4<stabllohed 14 >ears), 2G^4 Kearny
Ft., U and 10. •
' A— Jl«M>: COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market et.: daily
receipts about $C5; business clearing $3»K)
l>er mdnth: trial elven; .? erlendld r.ffor; in-
vestlsmte at once. See K. O. WILKE, 2«',j
Koarny et. '
A — $.".->00; HOTEL, and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point liichmoritl; rent $100; rooms always |
occupied by employes of railroad and t?tar.d-
nrd Oil Company; board bill guaranteed by
comiwny; owner never clears less than 53<W
I>er month. Call K. G. WIUKE. 2CJi Kearny
»tre*-t.
i A— *1SO<>: HALF Interest In ono of the tx-st
corner Faloons on water tront; lease; dls-
agreement of partners cause cf sale; will
?»ll whele lor $J400. Cail R. G. WILKE,
> «'«', Kfdrny st.
A— $1250: CORNER saloon on Fourth i»t., close
to S. P. 'rtlKlit Bheda: 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a ircod partnjc business. S<«
It. G. WILKK. StP.i Kearny Et. *
A— $MK); DAIRY produca and delicatessen
store; rent ?22; businofs ctearp above *1W
per month; living roomf; value in Bight.
. «'all It. G. WILKE. 2C>i Kearny »t J
A— $1^00; COFFEK saloon and bakery: close to
Phelen building; u. Knoil paying business.
| hut mu.«t U» sacrificed on account of owner
b?inn sick" in hospital. Particulars, R. G.
WILKK. IT.i, Kearny st.
A WHOLESALE and retail butcher business
in Monterey County, with U acres of land,
dwelling house, slaughter house, shop fix-
tures, boiler, tank, etc.; 8 horses, wagons
«r.d a well established trade; this is a nrst-
<lass huF)n(-Fs pro]x>slf!on. All particulars,
K. O. Wll.KK. !-'ii' t Kearny Et.
A— $:!.")df>; COKNKR falcon; about 1 block south
of Chronicle bids.; established years an. I h
tirst-class paying place; fullest investigation
s-olicited. this Is ;. very rare chance. Call '
T'.. G. WILKE. y;?a Kearny st.
A — $^IXhi; GKXE1IAL merchandise store abou'
•'0 n*iles Inini this city: a well-established
and nrst-class j.aying business; yearly sale*
fcb^ut $15.<Ri(): all cash trade: a very rare
rbance. Particulars, R. G. WILKK, 'M* 2
Kearny »t.
A— S2.MI0; DEUCATESSEN store with lunch-
# room; rent ?20; a gocl paying- business;
Ian?*- rtock; owner clears at least above ex-
penses $123 per month; sickness only cause of
sale. R. G. WILKE, gCjj Kearny gt.
6TRAN'JERS. ATTENTION! ~
Are rou lookicg for a safe and profitable bus-
iness opening In San Francisco? If i«o, we can
offer you any number requiring; an investment
If. m JI0O to $00,000; every business oppoi-
tunl:y that passes through our office must
ttand tbe closest investigation, and we can
r!ac« you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or. In fact, any business you may prefer;
Uodly roll and investigate.
i CERMANIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels bulldlnc
A— 6 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-aulck" ewlndle. turf speculation or (jam-
blir.K scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
fer.OOO last year on $100,000 capital; stock
increased 1 20. OCX) to enlarge the plant; call
cr write for particulars.
fiERMA.VIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION.
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or 4o
ycu deeire additional capital? If so. we caa
iu..iuh you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to IUO.OuO; we
ha .•« e large nuirber of desirable applicants
en our bocks seeking jjocd business openings.
CERMAXIA INVESTMENT CO..
Eult 321. Emma Spreckels building.
FOR sal*? — Beautiful and picturesque health
and summer resort. 2 hours' ride trom S.
F.. 'JO minutes" ride from depot; has 20
acres lard, set with all kinds fruits, flow-
ers; beautiful troves; H2-room hctel, with
cottage of 4 rooms, all furnished: necessary
- outbuildings, dance pa.-ilion. bar, bath-
houses, lake for rowing; raises citn veg-
etables, poultry and hay; 2 horses,
bus. Jersey cow and calf, chickens, bar fix-
tures, billicrd table, new upright piano;' 3
years' lease at J."»<>0 per year, can pet lon?er;
fine mineral springs: will cure many dis-
eases; money in everything on place; round
trip Sundays $1 SO from S. F. : death cause
of sale; price »225<>. CAMERON. 3 Eddy Et.
FOR sale — Best. little restaurant !n city; r?nt
$45; central; receipts $;!.%' to 540 day; must
leave town; price CAMERON. .? Eddy.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $J0 to $70 ton; trade
fr r'm'g house or business. Cameron.:! Eddy.
$700 — FIRST-CLAPS paying restaurant: good
location: receipts $ri.">. f> Mason st., room 2.
$Ci<i0 — MILK depot, delicatessen, bakery; large
stock; good location; good trade. 8 Mascn st.
HOME bakery, bouk store, candy; four living
roans, furnished; Invoice to-day. K Mason.
$C50 — GOOD pr.yir.g cigar store; good stock;
cheap rent. S Mason st.
A GOOD an'l reliable man with $5000 to $10.-
<*)t> can buy an interest In a cattle business
P. C. LASSEN &«CO.. 4»>J Tenth Et., Oak-
land. Cal.
ALL kinds of business bought, sold or ex-
changed by P. C. LASSEN & CO., 4C6 Tenth
e;., Oakland.
HAVH you anything to sell or money to Invest?
Write us for particulars; agents everywhere.
Altadena Investment Syndicate, 70S Market
*t., fc'an I-rancisco, Cal.
A— WORKINGMAN'B boerdlng-house; good lo-
ratloo: low rent: steady boarders: no agents.
Hos uun. Call office.
FOR sale — Good ealoon; cause, sickness: doing
«roo3 business; cheap rent. 1. POKET Sa-
linas. Cal.
FOR sale— Ler?e«t journal of its class In West;
paying higb rate of Interest on Investment.
Adlress box 271 S. Call office.
$l.Vl — FURNISHED hotel near city: must sell
__TO-d_ay. MARIN CO.. 2T» Kearny st.
FOR salf- — Oyster and chop house- average
.^«alc» $35 per day. Uox 3297, Call.
FOR sale — Second-hand furniture store; good
location; going East. 7ti Ninth St.
BARBERS — Two-chair ehoji for sale; cheat)
l 3 s Poik «t.
WAN-JED — Partner with $000 to establish new
business; machinist preferred; Lx ."COT, Call
W Ho^otc a n n o^~ u " ;re7ta " g " ir buslnesT
WANTED — Partner in mountain hermitage for
study and development. HALL. C Brady st.
PARTNER delicacy and restaurant- complete-
woman preferred. INGRAM. 7.%9 Market st.'
LODGIXG-HOUSBS FOtt SALE.
1803. __ _" T55T
[MARION GRIFFIN]
[SENDSJ
[HOLIDAY GREETINGS]
TO THE
.[.tCOO People who called in 1903]
fat his up-to-date offices]
?££ Examlncr Bldg.— 40tt Examiner Bldg.
[Phone lilack 2CO7. Money to loan.l
_, w [11 ROOMS.]
Big bargain; $150; new I year; full of roomers-
I-ositively must be sold for cash- $150.
" f*4 ROOMS.]
Dividends of J500 monthly to you If you can
run a tig transient house right; price $4500;
costs nothing to Investigate.
FIRST-CLASS family hotel^all modern conve-
niences; cu'.slne and service epecial features;
10-ytar lease; ocesn water on each floor.
-™i [« ROOMS.]
NEW and modern building; splendid furnish-
ings; C-ytar lease; clenrs $450 month.
_.„- 121 ROOMS.]
HIGH-TONED transient corner house: 3 blocks
of Market: clears $150 to $200 month.
~~r,x [34 ROOMS.]
CORNER house; north of Market; reduced to
4-22..0: terms cne-hal£ down and Installments,
or will exchange for Ema.'lcr house or real
estate.
[23 ROOMS.] * »'V
COP.NEIt: 3 blocks cf Market; $1550; rent $75:
a good honest lcdglng-houne.
l% ROOMS.)
NEW and modern; extra fine furnishings; hot
water In every room; very swell; $1500 to
$2<.'00 In cash necessary; leas"; clears $170
M0 ROOMS.]
NEW house; new furnishings; rent $100- se-
vere sickness reduced the price to $3000.
V£t ROOMS.]
Near New TvoH; rent $100; clears $125 month:
$1700; cen ral: easy terms.
[37 ROOMS.)
FURNISHED gorgeously in velvet and birds-
eye mapie; n;w; 5-year lease; big profit
152 ROOMS.]
GRASP It; ront $225; guaranteed to be clearing
S'.'.'O month above all expenses; respectable-
5-year lease; fine corner house. <
12S ROOMS.]
GP.HAT bargain: must sell; rent $50; full of
people; quiet house; $1250,.
[32 ROOMS.]
CORNER apart ment-houfie In spacious grounds-
ren^ $125; clears $200: well furnished '
(50 ROOMS.]
SWELL apartments; 4-year leas*; up to date*
new house; paying Mg dividends $4000.
[20 ROOMS.)
IN (ln« ground*; large, Euntlt mansion; mag-
nificently fumljhed; now clearing $150; death
cause cf eale; boarding-house.
[S3 ROOMS.]
HOTEL with bar: doing rushine business; oak
and cherry furniture; worth $10,000: will sell
for SU500; dissolution of partnership.
[11 ROOMS.)
TICK-UP; a holiday gift for some deserving-
lady: price $550 cash: a respectabla house,
clearing $3S mrnthly.
CIS ROOMS.] i3R5B
TRANSIENT house, near Market; irood condi-
tion; easy terms; makes much money.
A
To Want Advertisers
IN THE NEXT SUNDAY
EDITION OF THE CALL
A NEAT LITTLE
I CELLULOID TAPE MEASURE
Owing to the enormous demand for the tape measure offered !
as a premium to Want Advertisers in last SUNDAY'S CALL, an- '
other supply was ordered and the offer will be renewed next Sun- •
day in order to give every Want Advertiser the opportunity to j
secure one of these handy. articles. ;
For a thoroughly practical, useful article which will be J
taken right into the home and will be absolutely sure to be ; J
appreciated and frequently used, we highly recommend this \
tape measure. Small and compact, light and strong, con- *
_ laining a five-foot tape which is controlled by a spring, it J
will make a very useful article for, general use. " \
Offered Free as a Premium to Sminday j
Ca3I Want ' Advertisers only, 'and' can Si
..be obtained In no other way : : : : :. :; i
¦
l | Z''
Ilring your little Want Ad. to THE CALL BUSINESS
OFFICE, Third and Market Streets; 1008 Market Street, j
city, or to THE CALL BRANCH at 1118 Broadway, Oakland,. ;
and get one of these usefiri premiums absolutely free.
•¦ . <
This Offer Opens Ttarsday Morning UJ
amid Ciioses Saturday Night at ¦ j
3 1 O'Clock Sharp. ]
— : ¦ 1
In Thess Columns You Can Sell Your Wares and Gain Your WantsTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 31, 1903.
15
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
TWO BRAND NEW COTTAGES.
Five rooms and bath each.
In the test part of the Mission. ¦
Half a block from the cars.
Can be bought
On easy monthly payments. — ' —
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely withinMO.
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., offlce and yard. .
CHEAP lot on 8th ave., 3 blocks from Park;
muet be sold; make offer; no agents. Call
2119 Point Lobos ave.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS, N or S eide of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
CHIMNEY tops set up, roofs repaired- by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. S.16 Howard st.
POINT RICHMOND KEAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. .'328 Bush St., room
4, third floor.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
71S ACPES near Mayfleld, 11 miles from San
Jose: 100 acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard: all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses. stabUs, barns, etc.; fenced In 5 fields;
cost $100,000; price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st.. San Francisco.
$35CO- : -12 ACRES full bearing orchard. 6-room
house, fruit dryer, barn, 6 chicken houses, 2
brooder houses, incubator house with 2 large
incubators; 3 miles from town. GEORGE. C.
YOUNG. Petaluma.
ALFALFA lands, stock . ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free; C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
-Market st. -
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO property worth about ?S0O0
wanted in exchange for Oakland property
worth $4(X>0; will pay about $4000 cash. P.
<*. LASSEN & CO.. 4G6 Tenth St., Oakland,
Cal.
WE have for sale and exchange some of the
best fruit, stock and grain ranches in Cali-
fornia. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 406 Tenth St.,
Oakland, Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
124,000^ — GOOD Investment; - clubhouse of 1C
room6; 4 flats; all ne.w*and now rented
for $180 per month; within 3 blocks of
U. C. grounds and commanding fine ma-
rine view.
$18,000— Fine business block; 4 stores on first
floor; It} large rooms on second floor;
paying 7 per cent on the price asked.
$10,000 — 800 feet on railroad and 500 feet on
water front; fine factory site.
$200 — Lots fine location; $l'j per month.
$0.-50 — House, 8 r. & b. : south frontage; street
work done; beautiful yard; 2 blocks of
station.
$0,000— 3"!i acres; on Claremont ave.; will se 1 .;
as a whols or in subdivisions.
$2,000 — 5 r. & b. ; street work done. •
$600 — Lots; street work done; 3 blocks of
Dwijrht way.
$200— Good lot; 40x130; on easy terms.
CHENEY & BERRY, P. O. block.
Berkeley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$175 CASH, $!? monthly; % acre, more or less,
with a rurtic cottage of 3 rooms; chicken-
house, shed, etc.; nice .assortment of full-
bearing fruit trees; fine living spring; city
water In house; 6-foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; fine soil: no fogs nor raw* winds;
nicely sheltered; Just the spot for chlcken-
raialnK: price $975 in all; 2~ blocks from elec-
tric car line; 9 minutes' walk to local train.
5. F. ; near 2 fine s-hoolhouiws and 2 churches;
adjoining T.-\st Oakland. Call or send for
clr'riilnr. 4S0 Seventh «t.. opposite Broadway
station. Oakland: carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
BARGAINS In Piedmont residence lots. Includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery; will
build to suit. Box P54. Call offire Oakland.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
ONLY two left of those fine, new. modern flats
on the north side of Twenty-fifth et., close to
Grove; 5 rooms, bath, laundry, separate
yards., etc.; the best and most convenient
flats in Oakland for the money; will rent for
$22 50 per month for the upper and S20 for
the lower; only one 'each left. Apply to
JAMES S. NAISMITH, 534 Thirteenth St., or
any real estate agent.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth Bt. : sunny
Bultea snd single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
GOOD space for tailor shop or offices at 1233
Broadway; also. basement. •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. II. Schellhaas. 11th Rt.,cor.atore.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping, 2 beds,
$15; 3 rooms. $13 50; 2, $12. ¦ •
FOURTH, 225 — Nice . furnished housekeeping
rooms. . . . .
GEARY. 1C02 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GEARY, 408 — Three nicely furnished sunny
rooms; references.
JESEIE, ?.?£ — Very sunny bedroom, furnished,
neat and cler.n; $7 month or $1 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine at.,
near llydo — Sunny :t-room furnished suites;
*$eam heat: electric lighted; free baths;
rstes £'H> up.
MODEL House, 120C Stockton— Newly furnished
rooms, $o-$12;'gas, bath, phone.
NINTH, 113—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; water and .bath; reasonable.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
. front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. Hi — Large front room, light
housekeeping; gas stove.
WILLIAM, 124, bet. Jones and Taylor— Two
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiUmora.
A BRANCH 'office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at lOtXi
Valencia st.
APAK.TMSNT HOUSES.
""^"^^^olcTCLArR^APART WENTs' "~~*
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view.* LYON &. HOAG, 11C Montgomery.
THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts. — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
TO lease — Beautiful apartment house; Just
completed: 80 rooms, baths, etc.; grand loca-
tion; costly finish; fine business proposition:
rent very low. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEB
& CO., ,218-220 Montgomery 6t.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell St.. above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-roora apartments; private baths,
' steam heat. elec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st. — Modej*n 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open ;• references. "
AUGUSTINE, »45 Post— 3 and 4 rooms; fur-
nlshed new and «n to date.
HADDON HALL, *
. 051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom fits.— New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 00 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house- in
this vicinity; first-class crill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth Bt. — Room*
25c to $1 p«r night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
llcht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 830 Sutter— Just opened ;• hand-
eomely fur.; cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rir.s. ; tourists; excl. location.
ASHWORTH. 320 Mason et.. bet. .Geary , and
Post — Suite and single rooms . with or with-
out private bath; sun in rooms all day.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
, Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50. night;
$1 60 to $10 week; bouse opes all night. . ;
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
A FINE lot ot second-hand uprights from $50
up. Includrng such makes as Chlckering. Voe*.
Krce^er. Ouriaz. Klrkham, Pease. Uardman,
Mcrthall & Wendell. Baus and others. BENJ.
CUIITAZ & SON. 16 O'Fairell St. No
branches !n Sun Francisco.
PIANOS rented $2 up; installments, $4 up;
lawn wholrsale and retail piano house of
the Wf-t; write or call for our extensive bar-
pain list. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary.
$0.1 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly '
new. HORXUKG BROg.. 216 McAllister st.
ALMOST new •irr!t?ht; cheap; cash or Install-
ment. BCIIMITZ & CO,. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-peJal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post Bt.
A FISCHER upright rMnno for sale; good as
now; Six.-.. 2.17 Geary st.
6UPKRIOB violin*, zithers, old end new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plsce.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
STOKE ar.il 2 rooms; Larkin Ft., near Geary;
vacant on Janunry 15; rents $30. UMBSEN
& CO. or POEHLMAN, 304 Montgomery Ft.
NICE fine office to !<>t; also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California St.. room 21.
PERSONALS.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladies steadily employed can have j
Barrn'B cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made
cults to order; on weekly or monthly pay-
ments plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON. 762
Market tt.
n^nz. ¦
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp; at druggists', hairdressers; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating "machine fur rheumatism; genuine
tubs hot and cold water: trained nurses as
attendant*. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 400 Geary.
A— COME and let our doctors give you free
*>xan-.ination and advice: you pay for the
medlc're cnly ar.d at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission St.. cor. 11th.
LADIES of leisure anJ those who have their
living to make, let me trach you "fortune
filing"; strictly confidential anl terms trerjr
reasonable. Box 42. l(n:S M.trkft ft.
NOT liow cheap but how eoot is the motto of
t!ie manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1C21 Market st.
A NEW idea in Jewelry and Central American
curios, Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only Ftore In the city that carries
th's. FROWISS A: SON. 1239 Polk. nr. Sutter
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
ccrner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
INFLAMMATORY rh< .<m.iUsm and rout cured
within three days; r. irantefd. Call or ad-
<5r«'*8 ll'.is Folsom st., San Francisco; tel.
Fo-Jscm 'JV9.
RAG carpets wove to ord<:r and for sale; aUo
chcnilte-wove ruts. *=ilk portieres; doaler in
cari^et twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rat? 5. Gf-o. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
DKl'XKEXKEJS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk et. ; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days cr no charges;
guaranteed. Acn-.e Liquor Cure C-.. 997 Mar-
ket Bt.. room 21C; phene South 751.
AT Ie?s than ocst. uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and troupers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. T21 Market Ft.
ELEGANT fjlts on ea*y Installments; 50 cents
ar.d up p«T week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket tt., between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tu'sday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard St., nr.
9s h; Prof. Foster; society, dancing taught.
RHEUMATISM— Mrs. Ellir; wonderful relief at
f.rst rubbing. Box 271i, Call office.
MABSKUKE wishes engagements with ladies
cnly. Fhone Capp €23S.
i Ecn Marche Par.ts Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & J6. 40 Ellis. Tel Drumm **.
MASQUERADE costume)", play books, wigs;
ccuntry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. "33 Mkt.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week,
Neubaus & Co.. merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Burh and Dupont.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color: Jl; at all druggists'.
A HHANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and f ubscrlptions has been
cpencd at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PALMIfsTIVY.
MME. DEVAP. scientific palmii-t and astrolo-
gltrt; palm rfadir.gs $1; 3 c/jestlons by ex-
press, (1; open Tuesday ere. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEEROAARD'S class In palmistry be-
gins Dee. 1, 8 p. m. 242 Post St.; terms $10.
H. JKROKE FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylcr st.. near Geary. Phene Black 561.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND N OT1 CE— C ALI FORX I A SAFE
DEPOSIT AXD TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sin.. For the
Fix months c-.dinc December 31. 1003. divl-
dendt have been declared on deposits In the
¦ tarings Ocr.T.rtn.ent of this con.pany, as fol-
lows: On deposits at the rate ot
3 C-10 per c?tit per annum, and on ordinary
de^jffits at the rate of 3 per cent p*r an-
um. Jree of ta:us, and payable on and after
Saturday, Janunry 2, 19O4. Dlvl<!pcd» un-
celled for are &dded to tho piinclpal after
Jar.uary 1. jyO4. J. DALZELL BROWN.
liana cer.
QFF1CE cf the Hibernia BaAingS ar.d Loan
Bocietjr, corner Market, Mc« llst'-r ana Jcr.-s
rts. — Son Francisco. Dfcember ->. IMS. — At
a rrtruiar nuetinK of the board of <lirectors
of thl.» M-.clrty, h<!d thin clay, a dlvfdend hau
berii d«-c!Ert<i ;it she rate of three and one-
fourth t'-''. t i rwr c?nt i>er annum on all ile-
posits for the s!x months online D:-c«-mber
Si. ]»>¦¦..".. frw* from all taxes and payable ou
and arter January 2. l'JU.
UODERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank,
222 Mnn'EOTnery st.. Mills building — For the
half yrar ending December .'U. 190:1. dividends
upon all dei>OFlts at the rate of three and
one-qusrtrr <3Vi) per cent per annum, free
of taxes, wili be payable on and after Janu-
_FREDJ t .V._RAY. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ins Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 7CS Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half-year endlns aist of December,
JW1, a dividend has been declared at the
ra:e per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
raj, .tal stock and participating certificates,
tf-.e cf taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2. 1001. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, iiancyer. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — SAN FRANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION. 532 California et.. corner
Webb. For the half year ending with the 31st
cf December l'.«::j, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of three and
f.nc-iia!r (3»4) ;jcr cent on term deposits
and t):re« C-> ptr cent on ordinary deposits,
iree of t8Xci>. payable on and after Saturday,
Jar.uary 2. 1904. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St.. corner Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending Decem-
btr 31, 190:;. at the rate cf three and one-
quarter (3'i) per cent per annum on all de-
posits. fre<? of taxes, and payable on and af-
ter January 2. 1904. \
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Pavings and
Lou Society. 520 California St.— For the half
j.*ar ending with December 31. 19OJ. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-quarter «3U) per cent per annum on
all deposits. lrt>e of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday. January 2, l»04.
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
£ar. Franclsc^ No. 710 Market street— For
the half-year ending December 31. 1U03, a
dividend haa, been declared at the rate of
three and twenty one-hundredths C5.2O) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes
payable on and after SATURDAY, January
a. 1C04. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
A DIVIDEND la liquidation of S per cent on
ail deposits has been declared by the Call-
fcrnla Savings and Loan Society, payable
on ar.d after Saturday. Jan. 2. 1904. at the
office of the society. Mills building second
floor, room 2S. San Francisco. Cal. C11AS.
P. FARQUHARSON. Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK— For the half year
ending December 31. 1903. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per annum on deposits,
payable ca or after Saturday, January 2.
1904. LEOy EOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
THE*Hnmboldt Pavings aad Loan Society. 18
Geary at., has declared a dividend of.SK
per cent Der annum on deposits, free of
taxes, for the term »n<!lng December 81. 1005.
•payable oa and after . Jasu«ry 2. 1904. ,
" W. E. PALMJCR. Ca*J»Ur. j
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfarn.
AT the Pieroont, 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
rms. ; ele\-ator; hot & cold water; transient.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
J nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA/ 2304, bet. Webster and Fill-
¦• more— Good room; grate; bath adjoining; ?8.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— ZSlegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DOLORES, 204Vi — TWb front rooms, furnished
or unfurnished..
EvU CARP. 533 Post— Beautifully furnished
apartments; private baths; strictly first class.
EIGHTH. 10^— Furnished large sunny bay-
window front room.
ELLIS." 323 (Soverelgn)^Newly furnished sun-
ny suites; also single; all modern conven-
iences; first-class; homelike; central; ref3.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms OOo
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
HERMANN, CS — Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for gentlemen; quiet home; central. '
HOTEL ST. PAUL, 4C3 Ellis— A well appolnt-
I ed, thoroughly modern rooming-house; electric
elevator, baths, steam heaters, hot and cold
water in every room.
LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
LARKIN, 8191-4 — Large sunny front room, gas
snd bath; reasonable. • ....
MONTGOMERY. 131— Two nicely furnished,
large, sunny suites, same floor; rent J 15 per
> month. / '; i . , • >. ¦
O'FARRELL, 739 — Large, handsome, sunny
furnished roam; private; gas; bath; phone;
references.
POLK, -823 — Best furnished rooms in the city
I for the money; single "or en suite; everything
.*, new -and. plenty of sunshine;- terms very rea-
sonable; only ten' minutes' walk .to Powell
and Market sts, .
POWELL. 317— Sunny front suite. for doctor or
dentist; also other furnished rooms.
ROYAL House, 126 'Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35o to $1 50; week. $2
to 58: month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SEVENTH. 145 — Room suitable for two; gas;
reasonable.
SUTTER, 230— The Crane— Elegantly furnished
rooms; downtown; suite or single; $10 up.
SUTTER, C22 — Large sunny front room; hot
and cold water; private bath.
THE FREMONT, IS64 MARKET ST.— Strictly
first-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt, H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
TURK, 120 — Furnished sunny front room suit-
able for a gentleman ; $0 month; no sign.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room;. free bus; baggage,
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and Flngle rooms: all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to C'l CO night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERT1 SEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. "
ItOO.MS AMI HOARD.
A^ " H^T^L^BALTIMORE*! ¦— ~~-
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERG, PROPRIETORS.
A HOTEL HATTON
SE. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
This new and rustic const/ucted hotel Is elt-
uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout with all
the very latest conveniences. Is now open fcr
occupancy; reservations can now be made on
premises daily.
A THE DRESDEN — .
SELCCT FAMILY BOARDING-HOUSE. 1442
FULTON, 13ET. DRODEP.ICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. 1246 — Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave., has changed hands; hereafter conducted
Bret-class family hotel; table board specialty.
NEWPORT, ~l6Ts Pine, near Taylor— Large sun-
-ny room; also single room; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
THE NIRA, tilj Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; alto single; excellent table.
O'FARRELL. 30S — Furnished rooms; home
cooking; German family; $6 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia Bt. .
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — Beard and room in. private family
for 2 high pchocl boys; state particulars.
Address oostoftice box 33 B. Martinez, Cal.
WOMAN wishes good home with room and
boanl to assist Irt little housework. 1722
Market st.. bet. 12 «nd •" p. m. -f
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL— OfflcT«id~reTldencT
1021 Vt Market st., bet. Cth and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor fits.
BLOOD, ekln and rectal diseases a specialty
_ PH. BALL. 107::% Market .st.
REMOVED— TjU. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all difeases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cnled at r,67 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TOX(J*O CHY, successor to Dr. L4 Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases cf human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st. '
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— AlFdls^
e3tes cured by Chinese herbs. 74fl-t> Clay st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
GIVE her "A White" for New Years and Is he
will sew right all the year, i Havj you Been
our latest White Sewing Machine? Auto-
> matic lift, chaintititch. lockstitch tnd hem-
stitch combination; we rent or cell on easy
payments; we want sewing manhlne men;
come and. have a talk with us;.phdne Black
HOC, 300 Post st.; 1S41 Flllmore *t. and 70S
Valencia st., S. F., or phone Brush 551, 470
Thirteenth St., Oakland. WHITE SEWING
MACHINE COMPANY. ...
SEWING machines — Second hand, ?3, $5. $8;
slightly used, $10. $15, $20; rents at cut rates.
New Home Sewlng'Machlnc Co., 1051 Market.
• . SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE . following children have been admitted to
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: Charles E. Fritz, 10 years: Axlnia
¦ Krueger. 7 years, orphans; Michael Negy. 2
years; Bertha E. Johonason, 11 years: Agnes
j M. Johonaaon. 3 years: Dora ' Herti. 8 years:
Gertrude Hertz, 7 years ; Gustave Kuehne, 8
months, half orphans. -
Ladles! ¦ Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
¦are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
• In letter by return mcil. - Ask your druggist.
Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. . Pa.
T J?£ A J^^J^ D WAREH °USES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, chipped.' 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
.flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN We-t Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.: tel. Howard 041. F. fc W. Zehfuas.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany.- 2320 FUlmore st. : phone Jackson' 281.
BEICINS Van and Storago Co.. 11. Montgomery
. St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cu* rates.
'STUTTERING AND STAMftlBniyGl
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every, case; individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
TYPEWUITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
' Smith 'Premier. $25 ;¦ other typewriter! at
higher and lower prices; -rentals $2 50. Tb«
Typewriter Exchange. 538 California st. .
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.--.' ¦ . :, : , . ¦ -., ¦ "'„..'. :
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
-Webster Tyoewritar Insdao. Co.. &oa Mo.rkat.-i
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:. . .. k • • .
Henry IV. Monnastes, 54, Portland. Or., and
Fannie A. AVf ber, 34, Portland. Or.
Francis Zakrzewski, 34. 1118 Vallejo street,
and Wiktorja Plzulska, 21, Frultvale.
Arthur D. Prentice, 34, 134 McAllister street,
and Florence R. Long, 30, New York City..
Louis Laeombe. 28, 317 Third street, and
Adele Rouqule, 24, 815 Jackson street.
¦ Frans L. Bostram, 23. 836 Mission street,
and Elvina E. Mattson, 26, 856 Mission street.
Elmer Fulton. 43. 1335 Webster street, and
Lizzie Russell. 40, 1315A Ellis street.
Patrick Magee, 25, 1357 Stevenson street, and
Annie Gordon. 23, 20 Hancock street.
Calvin P. Hensley, 21, 2028 Bush street, and
Minerva F- Sehafer, 21. 2045 Pine street.
Sidney B. Hal lock, 21. 1007 Lombard street,
and Irene F. Beesley, 21, 639 O'Farrell atreet-
Harry E. . - Norton, *" 3C, Los Angeles, and
Ellen Mulllns.- 29,- 2S6 Clementina str?et.»
Ole Andersen, 33. 9 Laskle street, and Sophie
Lawson, 39, 9 Laekle street. •
Sidney. L. Rayner. 21. 24S Sherman street,
and Theresa Cadloni. 20, 50 Montarft. street.
.John O'Brien.- 21, 100 Fifth street, and Katie-
McHenry, 21, San Luis Obispo. "'
Jorgen C. Bors. 42, Annette, Kern County,
and Hettie Rector. 31, La Panza.
John F. Leidecker. £5 Brosnan avenue, and
Walborg A. Redin,:ll% Folsom avenue.
Julius M. Vu ier, 21, 1715 O'Farrell street,
and Dora M. P >rg. 18. 1*17 O'Farrell street.
Edward Huienins.-Sl, Lodl, and Ada L. Cor-
bln, 20, Lodl.
John G. Dempsey. 21.|12tl Clay street, and
Clara Brown.. 18, 1231 Lombard street.
Ralph L. Kaiser, 23, Lcs Angeles, and Cella
I. Friedman. 20, city. '
Joseph D. Cerkle, 30. 1306 Buchanan street,
and Ivy M. Perkins, 22. 1825 Eddy street.
George S. Buckley, 25. 1281 Broadway, and
Clara A. Campbell. 25, 1220 Valencia street.
Arthur C. Frankle, 26. 215 Fourth avenue,
and Rose Frankenberff, 24, 215 Fourth avenue.
Silvio Comlsto, 42. Ferndale. and Jennie
Comlsto, 37, Ferndale. . •
BIBTHS—MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death' notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of. the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
, sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
McGETTIGAN— In this city, December 29.
1903, to tho wife of Ed T. McGettlgan, a
son. ....
PLUME— In this city. December 29. 1903. to
the wife of E. J. Plume, a daughter.
MARRIED.
GUTTMAN— BECKER— In this city, December
27,' 1903. by the Rev. M. . S, Levy, -Abraham
Guttmian and Ray Becker, both of San'Fran-
. clsco.
HERZOG — JOSEPH— In this city, December 6,
l!)03, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sydney K.
Herzog of San Rafael and Gertrude H. Jo-
seph of San Francisco.
KLINE— BRAUN— In this city, December 27,
1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Ignatz Kline
and Louisa Braun, both of San Francisco.
LESSER— SENA— In this city, December 20,
1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Louis Leaser
and Jennie Sena, both of San Francisco.
MONT— GOLD— In this city. November 29,
1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Morris A.
Mont and Celia Gold, both of San Fran-
cisco.
NORTH— HEISCHMAN— In this city, Decem-
ber 29, 1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sam-
uel North and Henrietta Heischman, both of
San Francisco.
ROSEN— COHEN— In this city, November 26,
lf»C3, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sam Rosen
and Pauline Cohenft both of/ San Francisco.
SICHEL— SEAMAN— In thi« city. December
27. 1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, David
SIchel of San Francisco and Ray Seaman of
New York City.
SPRINGER— MICHAELS— In this city. No-
vember 2(5, 1903, by the Rev. M. S. Levy,
Elias Springer and Sadie Michaels, both of,
San Francisco.
TOCK— BRANDT— At Fish Rock." Mendocino
County, Dtcember 27, 1903. by the Rev.
Duncan Muuro, Peter Henry Tock and Annie
Brandt.
DIED.
Amos, Maria Kenny, William
Baccus, John B. McCormick, Allen
Bagley, Hubert F. Meyer, Elsla
BarelllfS. Pierre Miller, Cordelia
Barrasch, Herman MofTatt; Walter D.
Burke. Mnry E.. Moore. Alfred S.
Cat-rick. Catherine Mosher, Abraham
Clark. Ellen Muidowney, Mary <
Cronln, Michael .T. Nelson. Mrs. Temps
De Witt, Boone W. Oltmann. Hortense
Dreyer. . Mary Petclen. Mary
Escalle. Mrs. Ellen Pujol, Jerome
Ewlng, Isabella Riedel, George
B'ttlkinburjr. Nelrou Robinson. Eliza
Fowler, Nellie B. Salles, Pierre
Galloway, Hanora Schohay, Caroline
Gleeson, Ella M. Spooncer, Albert H.
Halloran, John Trant, Joseph M.
Herring, Ethel M. , Zinka, Anna >'•":
.Isaacs, Beller _^ ¦'
AMOS— In San Jose, December 20, 1903, Maria
Amos, mother of Mrs. A. R. Den Ike -and
Fannie T. Amci.
BACCUS— In this city, December 30. 1903,
John Bernard, beloved husband of the late
Adelaide Baccus, and father of Mrs. C. M.
Peek of Grass. Valley, '-Cat., -Mm. J. E. Gil-
bert of Chicago. Mrs. Ella Schwartlng. John
and George Baccus and William G.. Charles
S. snd H. D. Rogers, a native of New Or-
leans, La., aged t"l years and 3 days.
• tc^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral jervlcs
to-morrow (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1445 Hyde street, between Wash-
ington and Jackson. Interment private.
BAGLEY— In this city. December 2S, 1903.
Hubert F. Bajrley, beloved son of Mrs. M. F.
Bagley, J and brother of Grace and Emmett
Baeley. A member of Pan Francisco Drug
Clerks' Association.
fC?"Interred In Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BARRASCH— In this city, December 30. lfltt';.
• Herman, .dearly beloved husband of Mmifle
Barrasch, and father of Mrs. Maria John-
son, a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
(Tacoma papers please copy.)
BAREILLES— In this city, December 20, 1903,
Pierre Barellle?, beloved husband of Cath-
erine • BarelUe*. father of Jacques, Jean,
Leonie and Julie Barellley, • brother of Jac-
¦ quts Barelllej", brother-in-law of John Bayle
and Marie Uarelllen, uncle of Mrs. C. Ar-
tigucs, Mrs. L. l^aeaze. Miss' Catherine
Bayle- a.nd- Noel ie. Marie. Anna, Pierre and
Veronique Bareilles, and cousin of Mr. John
,• Laooste, a native of France, aged 4*5 years
. . anri .0 months. . ..
(CfFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully-Invited to attend the funeral servlets
• Friday, January 1, 1D04. at 1 o'clock, at his
-late residence. Sixty-fifth avenue and Stock-
yard. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
Jand. ,;;..'• - .. -
BURKE— In this city. December 29. 1903,
Mary E.. beloved wife of Wllltem Burke,
' daujfhter of the I late Michael and Bridget
' Haley, and sister of Mrs. K. Maynard and
Mrs. It. Linhart, a native of Manchester^
New Hampshire.
CARRICK— In. tbia city. December 29, 1903,
Catherine, , relict of Thomas F. Carrlck.
dearly beloved mother of William E. and
. iNellle Ahern, sister of Mrs. John Anderson,
. and grandmother of. Willie and Kittle Ahern,
a native of County Cork. Ireland. •
1 • tCFriends- and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 1, 190-1, at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 300" Seventh avenue, corner of
Clement street,, thence to Star of the Sea
Church for services at 10:15 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLARK — In this city, December 28, 1903,
Ellen, wife of -the. late Andrew Clark, and
sister of the late Mary Murray of Oakland,
a native of. County Cavan, Ireland, aged 70
yean?.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2S35 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn re-
' quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
, repose of her - soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . ¦'
CRONIN— In this cltv, December 29, 1903,
Michael J., beloved husband of Annie Cro-
nln, son of Roae and the late Cornelius Cro-
nln; and brother of John C, Cornelius, Rose,
William J. and Nellie Cronln, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 34 years 8 months and
- 14 days. -
ETThe funeral will take place w to-day
. {Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for sen-ices. Interment pri-
vate. '
DE WITT— In FlSrlston, Nevada County, Ca!.,
Boone W., son of Christopher and Mallnda-
A. de Witt, and brother of Clarence, Charles,
Vernle, Zena and Glenna de Witt and Mrs.
Dr. Wllcox. a native of California, a«ed 31
years 8 months and 28 days. . .,
¦ ty Notice of : funeral hereafter. .
DREYER— In this city. December 30. 1903.
. Wary, beloved • wife < of . George Dreyer, and
•sister of Peter. Michael and Sarah Gralney,
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years 9
months and 15 days. - -
ESCALLE— In Escalte, near Larkspur, Decem-
ber 20, 1903, Mrs. Ellen Escalle, beloved wlf«
. of Jean ' Eacalle, ¦" a native of Chappamore,
County Limerick, Ireland, ; aged 63 years and
4 days. ' I UjB!LI'liJt!DMitftita|<jJMUBI
¦'.". tETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
F.-'j. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.'
MONAHAN; (THARA-& CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 MUBlon st.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
LOST AMI KOrND-—Contlniie_.
j2Ts^^l<^T*waV<-l: lost Dec. 24. 1903. either at
Jerry bullJlng or on Castro-Ft. car No. 115,
¦ lady's fur oa;<^ return to 205 Drumm £t_
X^OST 2 Mack suk^ 1 red cow. Please inform
JOE KKXNXk Hli-mlle House. San Bruno
rocJ.
LOST— ftr.a': sum of pol<1. Return to I City
K?ll T'.aT and receive reward. '
IT *'.:! pKT to ••Remember" that the California
Wa»«-h Oil** «'o.. 220 Putter St.. needs old
COM s-id silvf-r lo m«ke tk-\t watch car-es.
MEDICAL..
JJ^pTTtfiT^WY^TH.'Tprcirilist for all female
cornp!?!nts; 1n«anl relief guaranteed- M
j-eaif*' €-xrx*-ri<?nce; removed to S-tt Post M^
ilRfv OR. KOIIL. reliable specialist for all fe-
maio troubles and IrrejpUarttlea: ir.star.t rc-
;i-r -cuarant«K!. lfW.i Market st.. opp. r.m.
VALFEAU'S :"cmale pills; best regulating pills
sole".; price $2 M) by express. Tasteur's
EtTlnge and tablets; rrico $5. By express
- ay on receipt of price. OBGOOD BROTII-
rZ&a. wholesile drufc-giEte. Seventh and
P roadway. Oakland.
TJI; Ci. \V. OIXINNELL— All who are s!rk or
in trouble consult tills fi»eci3llst on female
complaints: podtirety corrected; the unfoitu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases trent'-d;
advloe free. Office. 1018 Market Et.
CATASRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
r>oslii\el>- cured; new method: 1 week's ireat-
inor.t free. Dr. Ccttingham. 204 Sutter eu
¦Pr*. Goodwin, 7S3 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
io obstetric*, female complaints; Ir.st. relief;
St-atment $10; hours. 10 to .'.; 25 years' rxper.
lif:s. n. ALLEN". HIS Market— ReliaMe ladies'
Kt-eoiaMst; a private home before an^l during
rir.fi r.ement ; t>osl medical care; low fee*.
'T>R. ROt^EN resides iKO Folsom St., corner
26th: ladies, relief or no fee; $1A
1)U. and MRS DAVIKS and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatmect; 1120 Market st.
DK. NG TOY KKE. 3li» Powell ft.. Opposite
L7n»r»n Square; all aif^aff cured liy bette.
MUGEIX-UnSOCl — FOII SALES.
BorLKUS. engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
T»0?H & WOLPMAN. Ia5-lfl7 Fremont st.
TI-Y APBEST* >S rocf imlnt and be convinced
*th«t It :* the only jialnt that will stop all
If-aks in any roof. eith«-r mi-tal or shingle; it
1:- a!s-o the lest preservative riaint for all new
metal and *hingl* moff. and mak<r« the ronf
last over twice as loax than jiainted with
ar.y other joints: it has no equal. Office. 411*
CsJlfornia ml., rcvoin 21: telephone James 571<i.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte; in rolls eary to lay;
nee<!« no painting or costing; good over eld
Iron, tin or ehlngles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. JlZ Market tt.
ID-HAND machinery, toiler*, engines, pumps,
pulleys, ehaftlr.g. etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: eee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
¦JL— Fine cults, $7 50; drees pants, $2 50. OrJti-
C»l Mietit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearay sU
cear Bueb; cpen to ft p. rr.., Sunday to nooa.
..A— Buys, "jells or rents gear machinery, ea-
r ¦¦¦ >¦ boiU-rs, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHJTELAW. £53-253 gpear Bt.
TOR SALE— J'-'OO; C years estab. hair business;
living rooms; stort> good for any business;
rent f3'» month: fine location. 1523 Market.
LATEST improved drcp head Domestic ; «.ak
wo-jdwnrk; all attachments; almost new;
•wry ch'-ap. IMS FY.lk st.
•TTTE^RIT-EIiS. slightly used, t-old at cost;
n< w Underwood visible typewriter catelcg
••¦nt fre*. U. E. Revalk * Co.. San Francisco.
our nun'i ehoes at $1 and $1 53 pair;
Inot-Iorm shoes at ?2 50; we pay express
Lliaite*. 11 3d si.. Exam. t!J.; catalog free.
ALT-UK A TION tale— Best $2 50 hate. $1 50.
i'cp-jlar Pr:7<» Hatter, S30 Kearny st.. near
Ire; cren to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
£ itiUCa eon tor sale. Ar>p!y at 14W Tenth
*.e. and L St. South.
JivILINCI ark for flshins and hunting. XZS
liush st.. tliird floor, room 4.
"VIOLIN — Old; flr.e tone; cheap. Bex 4546. Call
;£fice.
fit kl£ pool fecond-hand .Tr.»oli3e. engine*. 1 to
:- H. P.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
VI? .ZZ M'-ai iutojr»obile; f.rst -class running or-
-¦ier. XV. "*". BiO :-3 --¦ »*¦-. 6»b fnncitco.
CLOT machines chesp: Chicagoets. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALLPI. \<tt Market.
DF£K6 ar.d tafes; see the complete line at 1M6
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE: CO.. .SC7 Battery St.
NKVV and pecond-hand machinery or all kinds.
KROOH MNFTJ. CO.. 519 Market Et.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sail*, rental;
bargain* Bullard & Ereck. 131 Post «t.
JCILU5 of pipe and fitHiigs: ail sizts. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 103 Vallejo st.
FAFEf-.Vew and second -hAtui. E. B. BECK
& CO.. is Market «t.
A'l bargains; -amp stools ar.3 chair*; hammocks,
Taetai beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotten712 Mission.
¦£Clscn phonographs, records, •Fuj-plles, nsoving
picture machines. Sims. Haclgaiupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, autoiriobilea end launches;
a.'I mlzem. J. K. 1X)AK. 4ti Fremont st.
fASK. for prices on tseccnij-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
JIHSCELLAXEOLS WAXTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
lUfe Market Ft_ ; phone Je^-ie 3741. or postal.
I PAT highest prices for ail kinds of cast-off
clothing; FonU postal. MORRIS, P70 Folsom.
TILTC N" wants pood second -hand clothing ar.d
theaTical cqikjs. ITA ttth n.; tel Jessie 2SSL
MOXEV TO LOAM.
AXX^nERMAST "aitJRPH V.
COl-ttfi-COS Examiner buiWlns.
Quick settlements; no UiEapjp- inimesX.
*5ave expenses by dealirg directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, 'uzsignir.cHts of rents, property in trust,
*tc-. ; l^gnclt^e. life estates ud undivided in-
terest in jjreperty purchased.
Courteous treatment. Stxir-t?y ccaidontlai.
When Ycu Need Uwuey
See HERMAN 1IV11PIIY.
ANY a'n-c-jr.i -if money yuitklj"!
"On jour su:-? Uure end piano without removal,
or «jnr oth»r sood security; lah-eet rafjs;
•tnctly oonfiier.tial; no cumn.itsi<,:i; private
' p-arty. Ituorn CS, Uonchoe baiUiog, 1170
Market ft. ¦
SfONKY loar.»d to salaried pecp>. tetDil mer-
chants. teamtt<±rs. board ing -h uses, without
«»ecv.r:t>; ta.sy payzaeBCSt Ulget business ia
40 principal cities. Ttlmea, ZZJ Parrott bliig.
HJ'iHLY rcticctable private p'.ace to cbtaia
: •' -. ; advance* on diamond's, ;cwelry, at 2
l>"r oer.t tattxect. Baldwin JewelTT Ftore.
MG SUrket; t«M. llaln 1G44. Brat-ch, 19 TiJird.
eTRICTl.f~fONrK-)ENTTAL LOANS ca fur-
nitur*. piancs. or lo salaried people on their
•nc'.e; iiuyfi ireatmoat ruaranteel ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. IU. Phelan bid.. U-l. Main 7&4.
A — 1 P*r cert en furnitur* or piano; no remov-
al, no ccmroi^-Eion. no pub:irlty; $25 up; quick
pr.vat*. confldentiai. 2U Uontgcrsery, rm. 7~.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFKICT:. 1Q3 Grant ave
LOANS FROM $1 TO IIO.CjO.
MONEY to loan en lew-interest; i-o'.d, silver,
dlamorda, pearls and precious Eto-.es bouclu
at W. J. Hilt .HAL'S. 10 Sixth tt.
NEW eajy method— To wage-^arr.erg on tinin- !
fiorsea notes; absolute pr.vacy. Fidelity Lean !
rooms 4S-tO. Chronicle tMg.
TO __t«rSe4 people without re-curlty: on furr.i-
ture; In'orsc-J notm And ether security S. F
Discount Ase.-.cy. 1&3 Pfceim building."
AT lowest rtlrs DO furniture end piar.o*- strict
privacy: no <-omrr.!fsion:lnrtallments accepted.
EONULLI. :;01 Kdd>, Con£ervalor>\bu!:i!ir.g!
OPEN Credit Aw'n. loar.s on salaries cor.nden-
ti-illy; new. simple plan. Roots 50. S13 Market.
ALL loans en diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
-J t l°L.- S - f ' C cI - at *'-'d Loan Ber.k. IZS Kearay.
Z% ON furniture L piano*; $15 up; no removal" i
no torn. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st!
1 PEJi cent on furniture or piano. IOCS Uu-
tual {-avir.gt! Bank bids.. 70S Market Et.
ETA.H Lean Co. of Wyoming lc.cn>-- money to
eaJarlej employes R. 311. Mutua! Sav. Bk. bid.
CASH loaned ralariel people en notes without
lrdort-er. MORKLL. 00? Examiner hulMlng.
ML'glCAX IJfSTKCMEXTS.
XVK rent the beet piano In the city lor ?3 per
mocth ; we ttllow elx months' rental ana
cartage <$20) off purchase v>ric*. thua clvlne
you a tix months* trial of the Itwtrutnent for
nothing; our terms and prices cacnot be
\ *CL»!ed In £an»Franclsco.
I ECOTT-CITRTAZ Pf *NO CO.. 5f/>-ft4 Hayes «t
Wn ha*V a few real bargains :e.rt from our
Great holiday sale. New and u-s<;d pianos at
««**din*Tlj- lew prices. . liehr Brothers and
EaamelEtcr are our lenders. Easy payments
REAL ESTATE .TRANSACTIONS. *
Mary E. Doughty to Charles E. Doughty, lot
on E line of Scott street. lO2:8'. l N of Sacra-
mento, N 25 by E 1U>:»5. quitclaim deed: $3-
J. J. Darrell and Edwin f. Salomon to Henry
Menges, lot on S line of Oak street. 101:5 E of
Central av;nue, E 25 by S 110; $10.
Charles'and Jessie Patton to John B. Wranj-
ham ar.d Horace C. Donnels. lot on NE corner
of Asnbury and llaight streets, N 25 by E 1UO;
*10.
Rosa Adelsdorfer to Angelina Plnella (wtfs
of Frank), lot en W line of Mason 3treet. 21 :S
S Of Chestnut. S 4S by W fS:S; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Henrietta
B. West, lot on E line of Taylor street. 114:7
N of Sutter, N 22:11 by E S7:6. quitclaim
deed; % .
Henrietta B. West (Prugh) and W. S. West
to Georgo M. Westcott. same; $1.
Robert, Charles. George W.. John M. and
William EL Taylor. Elizabeth Greaves. Ra-
chael Nobberly ami Ellen Taylor to Charles
Schofleld, lot on N line of Washington street.
195 E cf Drumm. 12 20 by N fcO; also lot on W
line of Clara avenue. .M0 N of Eighteenth
street. N 50 by W 1M; also lot on NE line ot
Tenth street. 225 SE of Howard. SE 5o by NB
100: also lot en W line of Gould street. ICO N
of Salinas avenue. N 50 by W 10O. lota 5 and
6. block 5, Garden Tract Homestead; also lot
on W line of Go"ld street. 150 N of Salinas
avenue. N 23 by l« ICO. lot 7. block .1, same;
also lot on W Ur of Gould street. 175 N of
Salinas avenue, J 75 by W 10O. lots «. 9 an<l
10, block 3, same; also lot on E line of Starr
street. 173 N of Salinas avenue. N 50 by B
10O. lots 40 and 41. block 3. same: also lots 3
to 6, block 11C University Mound Survey: also
lot on S line of Sutter street. 25 W of Dupont.
W 33 by S 70; also lot on W line of Main
street. 229:2 M of Howard. N 45:10 by W 137 :«
and party wall Interest and all property of
first parties and property outside of count v; $j.
Jane Owen, Abraham Ashworth. Richard
Schofleld and Edmund and Robert Mills to>
Robert M. Schofleld. same: $5.
Robert II. and Charles Sohofleld to Miranda
E. Mills, lot en S tin" of Sutter street. 25 W of
Dupont. W 33 by S 75; $10.
H. A. Powell to same, undivided fifth of
same; $5.
George A. Fischer to Charles Frtermuth. lot
on E line of Jones street. 30 N of Valparaiso.
N 30 by E e0; »1».
Frank H. and Mary A. Burke to Josephine-
Cockrill. lot on N line of Jackson street, 1ia>
W of Hyde, W 27:6 by N 137:0; $10.
Josephine Cockrill to Frank H. Burke, lot
on N line of California street, 105 E of Larkin.
E 30 by N 137 :B; $10.
Jacob E., Mcses E. and Aaron E. Gr-^smiin
to John T. Harm-s, lot on S line of O'Farr-U
street, 175 W of Hyde. W 25 by S i::7:«5; $10.
Ellen Mahony tj Reuben C. Haas, -lot on SE
line of Stevenson street, 275 SW of Firth. SW .
22 :« by SE 75; $10.
. Estate of Lawrence Felvey (by Catherine
Felvey. administratrix) to same, same; $ls.0t*O.
William J. Gunn to Edwin Bonne!!, lot on E
line of Twelfth avenue. 23O N of Clement
street, N 50 by E 12t>; quitclaim deed; $1.
Estrella C Lies to same, lot on E line of
Twelfth avenue. 300 S of California street, E
120, S 30:3H. N 23:4: quitclaim deed: $10.
Edwin and Mary A. Uonnell to Patrick F.
Reilly, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue, 225 N
of Clement street, N 75 by E 120; $10.
'Ralph and Florence Thorbus to George A.
Turner, lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue.
137:0 S of J street. S 75 by W 120; $10.
Bernbard and i:< ae Getz to Sarah E. Coiner,
lot on E line of Forty-fHth avenue, 250 N of
O street. N 50 by E 120; $10.
James Rice tu Adeline R. Mursell and Julia
R. Fredericks (formerly Murgell), undivided
one-half of let on SW line of Franci3 street.
350 NW of Mission, NW 25 by SW 150. Acad-
emy Tract; $10.
David C. Burke to Kate Burke (wife), lot on
SE line of Chenery street, 153 SW of Miguel,
SW 25 by SE 100. lot 7, Henarie's subdivision
of block 9. Fairmount; gift.
Conrad Deichmuller to Jennie V. Delchmul-
ler, lot on W corner of Otsego and Onondaga
streets. NW 237 by SW 80. lot 10. block -*J,
West End Map 1: $10.
Nancy Rogers < Thompson) or Ros« a»4 AJtx-
ander H. Rogers to Conrad and Jennie v»,
Deichmuller, same; $10.
Patrick Dockrey or Docker? to Edward W.
Dockery and Mary E. Jose. lot on NE line of
Sixteenth avenue, 275 NW of R street. NW
25 by NE 10O. lot 37, block 302. Haley, and
lot 36, block Son, O' X. and H. Tract ; gift.
Carvll W. Marlatt or Marlott and Dome E.
Marlott to Margaret A. Harris, lot 4, block 2.
subdivision 1. Castro-street Addition: $10.
Leopold and Sarah Welnsteln to William SI.
Carlyon. lot on SE line of Felton street. 2S
SW of Holyoke, SW 105 by SR 1<X>. lots 2 to 5,
block 35, Railroad-avenue Homestead; $10.
S. Ducas Company to William Danz, lot on
NE line of Fourteenth avenue. 250 NW of L
street, NW 50 by NE 100. lot 13. block 2R7,
South San Francisco Homestead and Rallroid _
Association; *1O.'
McCarthy Company to Henry Gibbons Jr..
lot 48. block 2S, Lakevlew; $10.
Horace C and Edith K. Davis tr> W ill. am
H. Armstrong lot on W line of Gough street.
82:6 S of Vallejo. S 27:6 by W 110: *1<>.
City and County of San Francisco to Fran.c
J Stanton lot on N line of O'FP-Tell street.
137 :« E of' Buchanan. E 30 by N *n;7:rt; $
ilagadalena Meyer to Eleanor F. Hofmann. M
lotien S line of Pine street. 62:6 E of Web-
ster E 25 by S 10O: $1CCO.
Lewis M. and Catherine S. Cutting to Jen-
nie P Jackson, lot on S line of Bush street.
127:4 E of Flllmore. E .".1 by S 13.:«; $1
Jennie P. Jackson to Louis B. and Albine
Perramont. same: $10.
William and Christine Ehrenrfort to \\il-
liam Glendemann. lot on W "«• °' F 1 " 11 ™®
street. «52:6 N of Grove. N 25 b" V. II . :?.; $10
Nannie CatchinRs to Frances M. Griffith, lot
on S line of Clay street. 93:9 W of Steiner.
W -25 by S 102:4^i; $H>.
Emllle A Haver to Loula Samuels, lot on
W line of Pierce street. 112.6 N ot Halght.
U 25 by W 87:«: $10. ,
Morris Marcus to Jean D. Marcus, lot en
NW corner of Frederick and Clayton streets.
N 32 by AY f>6:l<Hi-. gift.
Sylvia James (McGlew) to James II. Oar-
rett. undivided 2-9 of lot on SE line of Fol-
som street. 152:9 NE of Twelfth. NB 20 by
James II " and Ellen Garrett to Helen O.
McGlew udivided 4-9 of same: gift.
J B. McGlew to same, all of same: girt.
James L. Gallagher to Frances F. Oa.-
lagher lot on E line of Howard street. 3oO 3
of Fourteenth. S3 SO by E 125: girt. •_•
Morris and Emma Slminoff to Bessie- Roche
lot on W line of Walter street, lto N of
Fourteenth. N W by V.' 89; $10.
George C Kemp to FTanU 11. ami Agm"*
M O'Donnell. lot on E line of« Ccllingwo^l
street. 149 S of Eighteenth. S 24:tf by h. 123:
E Durbrow to Frank E. and Fannie C.
Whl'te. lot on .NB corner of Twenty-flirt ana
Dousla.-s streets. N £$ by E U0, sj 5-... W
Frank E. and Fannie C White to James F.
and Halda M. RJUy. saai*?: $10.
Guatave Umbsen to Jacob Weissbetn lot on
E line of Douglass street. 00 S of Twenty-
fourth. S 24 by E 100: $10.
Florence Clunie twife at Thomas J.> t»
Thomas J. Clunie. Mt on SW corn-r of . .ali-
fornia and Montgomery streets. \\ !_(>. 8 «Ht
E Ci> N « E CO N 59: «!¦"<> lot en NW corner
of Sixth avenue an.l C street W 210 by N
223; also lot on SK corner of Lcayen worth
•street and Golden Gate avenue. E sj.K by S
137-6- also lot on NV. ccrner of Lyon anr* ,
Fell streets. N *<:0 by W 31:3. and property
° U Joseph°G n . OtUv F., Raymond I L. and Eliza-
beth D Levensaler to Antonio Messina, lot on
S line of B*r street. 4t$ W of Midway. W 23
by jo S se?h :9 i'llJer to Lucy Pilger. lot ™ S lin.
of Ellis street, 110 E of Jones. E 27:9 by 3
13 ] :< J. and Julia Rauer to Thomas F Bell. Tot.
on S line of Bush street. 107 :tt W of Leaven-
W °Thoin« F° SuTMuriS &% and Rob.na M.
Vellguth (Bell) (wife of Clarence \ ellguth) to
Theresa M. Brooks and McEwen Bros, (a cor-
Doratit'n), same: $10.
Caroline Schmitz to John P. Schmitz. lot on
N lire of 50-vara lot &S1. distant 71 :« E of
Mason, street. E 22. S 89, SW 27 : 1 M. X 101:9;
Si Tally Smith to Catherine Smith (wife). I«t
on SW line of Morris avenue. 75 SE ot Bryant
street. SE 20 by SW 75: gift.
Same to same lot on E line of Bright street.
375 N of Garfleld. N 25 by E 10O, lot 20, block
57, City Land Association; rift.
Ellen Moor* to Mrs. Henry Bruhna, lot on
E line of Kansas street, 175 S of Yolo, 8 23 by
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Nellie M.
Morgan (wife of J. N.). lot on N line of B
street. 55 W of First avenue. W 25 by N 100;
William O and Walter G. .Peterson to Henry
O Howell. lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 250
Sof H street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Dominick F. Roberts to Margaret E. F. Rob-
erts lot on SW corner of Forty-eighth avenue
and' Ti street. S 151:11. W 4O. N 150. E 51;
also lot on W line of Forty-eighth avenue.
151:11 S of R street. S 15S:10. NW 161:7. a
30:2; also lot on SW corner of Forty-eight*
avenue and R street. S 151:11. W 40. N 15*
E 51; also lot on W line of Forty-seventh ave-
nue, 100 S of R street. S 10O by W 240; also
Jot on W line of Dolores. 1C0 N of Twenty-
third. N 6O by W 117:6; glft.-
J. W. Wright Investment Company
to M. Debordre. lot on E line of Twenty-ninth
avenue, 12© N of S street. N 25 by E 120: $10.
M. A. Meier to C. August Welho. lot on SE
line of F street. 48:8 SW of Fourteenth avenue.
SE 73:2. SE 138:5. SW W)c9, NW 230:2%. SE
28:7, block 2*2, South San Franctseo Home-
stead and Railroad Association: grant.
S Ducas Company to George Ryan. lot on
XV line of Condon street. 99 N of Peralta. N
45 by W 70, lot 8, map 2. subdivisions of Pre-
cita Valley 234 to 238: $10.
Mary and Harry Bosh to Thomas N. and
Mary J. Pnidden. lot on SE line of Vienna
¦treet, 125 NE of Persia, NE 25 by SE 1U0,
block 64, Excelsior Homestead: $10. •
Bridget Prunty to Catherine Cote (wife of
James), lots 47 and 2, block 371, CNell & Ha- «
ley Tract; gift.
Ella and George D. Mayle to Jesse D. Han-
nah, lot on SW line of West avenue.' 123 SE
of Patton street. NW 60, SW 106:4. SE along
lot 43 to lot 5, NE t" beginning, lots 4 and 6,
( block 2,' Holly Fork; $10.
December 31. at 10 o'clock, from her lat«
residence In Escalle, thence to St. Raphael's
Church. San^ Rafael, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
¦ repose of her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. '
Interment Mount Olivet »Jemetery.
EWING— In this city. December " 30. 1908.
Isabella, beloved wife of Luther L. Ewing. ,
'and mother of Mrs. Charles R. Peters, Abbie
A. Ewlng and the late Iva LUMe Wlnterberg,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 09 years 2
months and 0 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
January 2, 1904, at 11 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 1611 Turk street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery,- by carriage.
FALKINBURG— In this city. December 20.
1903, Nelson H. Falklnbur*. brother of the
late Charles Falklnburg, and brother-in-law
• of E. H. and John H. Wade and the late
Jane Badger, a native of Elizabeth, N. J.,
aged 75 years and 10 days.
FOWLER— In this city. December 30, 1903.
Nellie B.. beloved wife of William H. Fow-
ler, and daughter of Bridget and the late
Daniel Donovan, a native of San Francisco.
ICT'Tbe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1418 Stockton street, thence to St.
Francis Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery- A "requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at St. Francis Church on Saturday, January
2, 1304. commencing at 9 o'clock. Friends
are Invited to attend.
GALLOWAY— In Fniltvale, Decembsr 20. 100«.
Hanora M.. dearly beloved wife ot Arthur
Galloway, beloved si«ter of Thomas. Nellie
and Jamea Walsh, and niece of Mrs. J.
Roache of San Francisco and Mrs. C. B.
Bre<n of Watsonville, a native of Beale.
County Kerry, Ireland, aged' 30 years 11
months and fi days.
{C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Bray avenue. Fniltvale. -Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car from
¦ ferry at 12 o'clock.
GLEESON— In this city. December 28, 1003.
' at the residence of her sister. Mrs. F. Berry
MeCleery. Ella Margarine, dearly beloved
daughter ot William H. and the late Cath-
¦ erine M. -Gleeson. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years 6 months and 17 day*.
tyFuneral and interment took place
Wednesday, December 30, 1903.
HALLORAN— In- the City and County Hospi-
tal. December 29. 1903, John Halloran, a
native of Ireland, aged 53 years.
HERRING— In this city, December 29. 1903,
Ethel May Herring, Qearly beloved daughter
of William and Maud Herring, and grand-
daughter of Bertha and the late Emll Reuh-
leln, a native of San Franclsto, aged 1 year
- 2 months and - 12 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2825 Twenty-fourth street,
between Bryant avenue and York street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ISAACS — In thl3 city. Beller Isaacs, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month and
6 days.
KENNY— In this city. December 29, 1903.
William, dearly beloved son of John M. and
Mary Kenny, and brother of John P., Philip
T. and Abbie R. Kenny, a native of San
Francisco,- aged 3 years and 3 days.
ICThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his parents'
residence. 13S8 San Bruno avenue. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In this city, December 29. 1903.
Allen McCormick, a native of Prince Ed-
ward Island, aged 77 years.
* IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-
day, at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Monahan, O'Hara & Co.. 2329 and 2341 Mis-
sion • street, near Nineteenth. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city, December 30. 1903.
Elsla. beloved daughter of Joseph and Leo-
polding Meyer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years and 7 days.
MILLER— In this city. December 29. 1903,
Cordelia, relict of the late Eli Miller, a na-
tive of Maryland. .
MOFFATT— In this city, December 30. 1900,
at 521 Ivy avenue. Walter . Dewey, beloved
son of Elizabeth and the late Hugh MofTatt.
. and brother of Bert, Edwin, Raymond,
Sadie, Irene and Genevleve Moffatt. a na-
tive of Alair.eda, aged 5 years 4 months and
23 days.
MOORE — On the overland train, December 29,
1903. Alfred Shaw Moore, husband of Eliza-
beth Moore, and father of Pierre Moore, a
native of New York, aged 54 years.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, December 31. 1903. at 11:30
o'clock, at the residence of his brother,
George A. Moore, 2404 Broadway.
MOSIIER— In this city, December 29. 1903.
- Abraham Mosher. beloved uncle of Charles
and Elizabeth Rochette and Mrs. L. Porter,
' a native of New York, aged 55 years 9
months and 2C days.
CyRemalns at the funeral parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave-
t nue.
MULDOWXEY- In this city. December 29.
i:to:s. Mary, beloved wife of Thomas Mui-
downey. mother of William J*. and Robert
E. Muidowney. daughter of Mrs. Johanna
and the late James Daley, and sister Of
Jnnus T. and the late William L. Daley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years 8
months and 8 days.
(£7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Bonl-
' face's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at V o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city. December 29. 1903.
Mrs. TemDe Montague Nelson. beloved
mother of Mrs. C. 11. Brown of Honolulu, a
native of Mlchlsan. axed 50 years.
(CRemains at the parlors of the H?nry
- J. Gallagher Undertaking Company. 20 Fifth
street.
OLTMANN— In this city. December 30. 1903.
Horte-nse Louise Oltmann, beloved wife of
- John E. Oltmann, and mother of Louis
Forget and Edwin H. Oltmann. a native of
France, «ged CS years 1 month and 22 days.
PETELEN— In this city. December 29. 11*0.1.
Mary, beloved wife of Walter Petelen. and
daughter-in-law of George and Nettle Pete-
Ian, a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 45
yeary 10 months and 15 days.
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mitslon
street, thence to toe Oreek-Russlan Church.
Powell street, near Filbert, for services at
10:.10 o'clock. Interment Cyprefs Lawn
Cemetery.
PUJOL— In Oakland. December 30, 1903,
.Tercme. beloved husband of Fannie Pujol,
and father of Ida Violet Pujol, a native of
Missouri, aged 38 years 2 months and S
days.
RIEDEL— In this city. December 14, 1903.
••"George, ¦ dearly- beloved son of Conrad and
Annie Rledel. and brother of Annie. Wil-
liam and Herman Rledel, a native of
Nevada, aged 24 years.
ROBINSON— In- Berkeley. December 29, inm.
at the residence of her son. 2310 Blake
street. Eliza. Robinson, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged 76 years and 6 months.
SALLES— In ' this city. December 29, 1903,
Pierre Salles. beloved son of Bertrand Salles.
brother of Bertrand Jr. and Joseph Salles,
nrphew of Mr. and Mrs.- P. Latapte. Edward
Rondel and Edward Jorgensen, and cousin
of Pierre, Victorine, George; Mabel and Ber-
trand Latariie, a native of San Francisco,
aged 17 years 5 months and l.day.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
December 31. 190.V at 8:45 o'clock, from his
late residence. 1712 Seventeenth avenue.
South San Francisco, thence to the French
Church, where a requiem high mass will he
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHOHAY — In this ' city, December 30. 1903,
Caroline, beloved wife of Albert Schohay.
mother of Albert J.- Schohay. daughter of
the late John and Margaret Miller, and sis-
ter of Mrs. Helena Payne and Mrs. Mary
<. Lamor of 'Philadelphia. Pa., and the late
Mrs. Margaret Grochoz of Baden. Germany,
a native of Philadelphia, aged 53 years 4
monihn v anil 2© days.
E"3»"THe funeral will take place Friday,
January 1, 19C4, at 1. o'clock.' from her late
residence, 30« Hayes stre*t. , Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SPOONCER— In this city. December 2D. 1903.
Albert H., beloved husband cf Mollie SpSon-
cer. drvoted son of Thomas and Emma
Spooncer, and brother of Mrs. E. Campbell.
Mrs. B. McLaughlln and W. T.. L. E. and
Fred Spooncer. a native of Ypsllantl. Mich.,
aged 31 years 1 month and 25 days. A mem-
ber of Valley Lodge No. SO, A. O. U. W.
(Portland. Or., paoers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 3 o'clock, at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
. street, between Seventh- and Eighth, under
the ausnices of Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O.
U. \V. Interment at Portland. Or.
TRANT — In this city." December 29, 1903, Jo-
seph M. Trant, a nativ* ot Ireland, aged 50
years. A. member of the P. C. W. Associa-
tion. .
IDPFrientls and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at' 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors or
Porter & White. ' 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, via. electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. .
ZINKA— In this city, December 29. 1903.
*¦¦ Anna, beloved wife of Charles Zlnka. a na-
: tive of Blntren-on-Rhine, Germany, aged 70
years.
E~7Frlends and aequaintaeees are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. December 31, 1903. at 10 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
near . Twenty-flr»t7 * Interment I. O. O. F.
i Cemetery. Kindly omit flewtrs.
*
COLUMNS ¦• WILL ¦ BRING MH I TOLD RETURNS. TRY ITAttachments Are Released.
The numerous attachments levied
on Sproats' Market by Its creditors
were released yesterday by order of
the plaintiffs', attorneys, and the
premises and: stock < were turned over
to \ a representative of the Board *of
Trade, who '. will ¦ wind up the affairs
of ."the defunct concern. * *
Biff, Cloak. House Closed ;for Two Days
ri Much interest-will, be; taken by the
ladies of this city at Baron's^ first great
sale.v $25,000 ;of the finest gar
ments , will be sold at" less = than - half
price; The store will be closed* Friday
and , Saturday '.• to ¦- prepare for . the:; many
bargains. ;' Sale * will *¦ commence" Monday ,
morningr- at.: 10 o'clock'." sharp. Baron's
Cloak and"Suit;House.;762 Market st. • i
Committee of Supervisors 3Ieets.
The committee composed of Sup
ervisors Brandenstein, chairman:
Braunhart. Connor, Eggers and Box
ton, to nominate the standing commit
tees of the new Board of- Supervisors,
met last night at the City Hall Noth
ing much was done, the committee
adjourning until next Monday, when
it will make its selections.;. It is said
that there will be a number of changes
In the various committees.
Commissioners Win Suit.
A decision was rendered . in favor of
the • Civil , Service Commissioners yes
terday by Judge Murasky. in the suit
brought by . G. P,. 'Mo'uille.; He sued
for an injunction restraining the
board from interfering -with the drivf
ers of police patrols and • from calling
an examination of applicants for the
position of driver. '.
For a Cold - on the Lungs. , and . to prevent
Pneumonia, take Piso's Cure. Druggists. 23c*
Small Printers Meet.
The small printers met last nisht at
73 Fourth street and appointed a
committee ; to fix a schedule for job
printing in this city. John A. Nace
was elected chairman and H. A.' Odell
secretary- They meet again' Wednes
day night.
Some very swell weddln* Invitation* com*
from Knowlea. 24 Second street. Main 60S.. • .
Special— Black Drop Veils, 50c. for SSc.
Special- — Tennis Flan. Skirts, 50c, for 35c.
Special — Flan. Waists. $1.50 & 52, for 95c.
Special — Mercerized Skirts. 75c, for 48c.
Special— Eiderdown Sacques, one-half oft.
For Thursday, only. Greenberg &
Greenberg, Grant ave., cor. Geary st. •
Greenbcrg & Grecnbcrg
Trachoma is Granulated Eyelids. Mu
rir.e Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eye troubles. mak«»s wea'x eyes strong.
Druggists and opticians. : • ,
More than one-third of the inhabit
ants of St. Louis are of German blood.
At a card party given' yesterday
afternoon at her residence in Berkeley
the engagement of Miss Marjorle Er
wln, eldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
James W. Erwin; to Lieutenant James
Gibson Taylor of the Thirteenth In
fantry, stationed at Alcatraz, was an
nounced. Those participating in the
pleasant function were young lady
friends of Miss Erwin'. from San.Fran
cisco; Oakland and' Berkelev, among
them Miss %Maude Myers, Miss May
Myers, Miss" Alma Mitchell, Miss Alice
Downing, Miss Edna Shatter ' Orr, Miss
Florence Thrall, Miss Edna Wilde, Miss
Lucille! Webster/ Miss Kate Jackson,
Miss Mabel Reed, Miss Linda Kemp,"
Miss- Elizabeth Thompson/Miss Elsie
Ames, Miss . Effle Wade', Miss ' Helen
Robinson, Miss Rhoda Howell.
The tea which Miss Charlotte Ellin
wood had arranged for New Year's day
has been, indefinitely postponed on ac
count of '.Mrsi Elllnwood's illness.
• • *
The? engagement is announced of
Miss A. Adeline Smith, daughter of
Mrs. J. A." Smith- to John A. Percy,
formerly of the law firm of Pierson | &
Mitchell. The , bride-to-be is a stun
ning girl of the California type and. is
possessed of a fine personality.
The groom is well known in legal and
social circles. > ,
The wedding will occur early in the
spring.
The social science department of the
California Club appeared yesterday in
the role of hostesses 'to the inmates of
the County Hospital. There were no
elaborate decorations, nor swagger
gowns, nor ethereal music, but the re
ception was distinctly in keeping with
the spirit of the hour. And the music
given in the wards by the choir boys
of the Good Samaritan Mission was of
the kind that lifts up hearts— and there
are hearts a-plenty that need it in the
city's home for Jts friendless sick.
Good things dear to the inner self
were distributed by the good ladles and
a -fine programme was rendered in the
chapel for the convalescents.
The production of ' "My Colorado
Belle" at Mrs. de Young's to-night by
a east of society folk will be quitejthe
biggest event on the cards. It'is dis
tinctly a young people's affair.
(?) . *> • ,
Th<i Entre Nous will hold a leap year
assembly and germa© at the Palace
Hotel on Friday evening.
2ornia will be held at 2 p. m. January
] o 1904. in Golden Gate Hall.
A vrrit of attachment in the sum of
J6S6 60 was served yesterday on John
Crowley. a saloon-keeper at IT. Ma
son street, at the instance of L.
Nathan, for goods furnished and de
livered.
Saloon-Kcoper Attached.
.BERKELEY, Dec. 30. — The Rev.
Francis E. Clark, president and foun
der of the Christian Endeavor move-
Hnent, !who is on his way to New Zea
land, will cvlsit Berkeley to-morrow
morning and speak In Ihe Greek
Theater at the university. He wOll be
welcomed by •a body of Christian En
deavorers upon his arrival at Berkeley
station at 10: * 5 • o'clock and. escorted
to *he theater. He will speak in the
theater at 12 o'clock.
" To Welcome Dr. Clark.
Are not to.be compared to our new pat
ent back, flat-opening blank books, which
cost no more than the old style and are
infinitely better. We are Agents for
Berkshire typewriter papers and ribbons.
Rogral pencils, and headquarters for all
office supplies. Let us fit you up for the
New Year. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket st. •
The Old Humpbacks
ETVith i*= air of r«?st and restful air and
*ui*ln* and Bcrrtoa un?un*»ssed. famous Ho
t»l El Paso 6" Iicbles is the place r« x>end
New Year's Curative mud or water Daths
from th*- celebrated Hot Springs quiet the
•nerve* «nd relieve ache*: driving in beautiful
hill* about. br*»athine tnnic mountain air. in
¦warmest sunehin*. makes onf ~h i to live.
Houn«! trip holiday ticket only S. 20 from San
Francisco. For reservations apx^y ¦¦•- V\ A.
Junker, manager. Paso nobles Hot Pprings.Cai."
New-Year Dinner.
Aside from the local interest attach,
ing to the show, it compared favorably
in general artlstjc quality with any
professional minstrel organization that
has appeared in . San Francisco this
season.
' .The olio, consisted .of a whirlwind
dance by Ruth Wilson and Irma Roper,
a musical act by Regal and Driscoll, a
sketch by the Brittains, colored enter
tainers, and songs by Harold Forman,
the choir boy. Casassa's orchestra
furnished the overture and accompani
ments. •
In mercaRtllt circle* it It con«ider#a
bad form to miss th« "<3rnmther«'
show," as the annual minstrel enter
tainment given by Golden Gate Coun
cil No. SO, United Conunferrfal Travel
ers* Association, Is popularly Alluded to.
So it was not surprising to find the A1
hambra Theater flll«d to its capacity
last evening by business tnen and thci*
women folk; nor was it cause for as
tonishment that the performance was
unanimously pronounced a "corker.*"
for most of the "gags'* rattled off by
the end men dealt with persons a.nd
things familiar to the audience,
William H. Brown— he is better
known as "Billy/ although the come
dians FespectfulJy addressed him as
"Mistah Brown "—sat in the center o£
th£ first part semicircle and acted as
receiver general for badinage from the
eight burnt-cork artists— Billy Brack
ett, Billy Hobson, Sam Hall, Dave Fin-,
ney, Billy Hynes, Jack Einstein, Elton
Lambert and Tom Holden. Mr. Hob
son told of an imaginary train ride to
heaven, during which he mej many
well-known drummers and recognized
them by their ruling penchants, and his
fusillade of 3 "shots" kept the assem
blage in a roar. Mr. Brackett told some
adventures in which his friend McCarty
was the leading- figure. Mr. Lambert
got a laugh on the house by glancing
up at the gallery and saying, "Why, if
there ain't my old friend. Judge Mo
gan," and then yelling "Rubber!." when
the audience twisted its head around
to follow his gaze. Mr. Lambert re
peated the chorus of his song, "Many
Rags," so ; many times that when he
was finally permitted to desist his
breath was spent and perspiration was
washing the blackness from his coun
tenance.'- Sam Hall's "Rain Song" won
a double, encore.
• Billy Hynes, whose final appearance
as a public entertainer it was, sang his
famous laughing song thrice over after
he had already contributed three vocal
numbers to the programme. Mr. Eln
stein sang i "Dat's de Way to Spell
Chicken," and a large basket of se
lected vegetables was one of the trib
utes handed to him over the footlights.
There were sentimental songs, of
course, and all of them were well sung.
W. H. , Brown and Carl L. Koening
sang bass solos, tenor solos were given
by Harry B. Smith and Fred Everett,
F. J. Glanninl and F. B. Wade contrib
uted barytone solos, and the Columbia
Quartet— J. H. Davies, James E. Dono
hue. J..E. Scanlon and Robert E.
Davies-^-sang a couple of popular num
bers. : - •
Mrs J. Malcolm Henry, Mrs. A. H. Voorhien,
Mrs. Selden 8. Wright. Mrs. D. D. .Colton,
Mrs. Frank Grace. Mrs. H. E. Huntlnirton, Mrs.
E Burke Holladay. Mrs. William J. Dingee,
Mrs. Hubert Howe Bancroft. Mrs. Henry
Wetherbee of Oakland. Mrs. Scott, Mrs. Oliver
Orrlck. Mrs. John 1*. Howard. Mrs. Smith.
Mrs. J. Howard Smith. Mrs. Edson Adams of
Oakland, Mrs. Ann, Miss Florlnne Brown and
Miss Geraldine Scupham of Oakland, Mrs.
Philip Van Arsdale, Mrs. Irving Moulton, Mrs.
T. T Dargie, Mrs. J. It. Scupham, Mrs. John
M. Merrill. Mrs. U H. Bryan. Mrs. Wellington
M. Burnett. Mrs. Henry C. Farnham; Mrs. Sid
ney M. Van Wyck • Jr.. Mrs. Gregory, Mrs.
Frank Powers, Mrs. Spencer. Mrs. Henry Payot.
Mrs. Gaston M. Ashe, Mrs , Thomas Porter
Bishop, Baroness Von Horst, Miss - Katherine
Mrs. Frederick Stolp. Mrs. E. J. Cot
ton and Mrs. J. Loran Pease of Oak
land were am'onz the richly dressed
women at the luncheon.
The list of invited guests includes:
Music, charming women and a de- j
Iightful Ttienu— all these and more verc j
pleasing factors In the very successful j
luncheon given at the University C!«b I
"o-flay by Mrs. John Charles Adams j
of Oakland. It was complimentary to |
M:"f J Malcolm Henry of Washing
ton, D. J., who is spending the -winter
with relatives in this city.
Considerable <>riginality wa§ display
ed in Lhe deco-atlons, which carried
out the idea o* a circus as far as pos
sible Red and white streamers were
festooned from the jenter of the cell
ing in tentlike lashior and in the mural
decoration grotesque masks and gaudy
t'.n horns played their part. \n the
center of each table toy drums r rough
riders, ballet dancers arii wild animalr
were grouped and were Jatev' carried
away \j> the guests as souvenirs of the
occasion.
A vaudeville programme between
courses prevented anj* tendency toward
ennui and orchestral music gave a
pleasing support to the constant mur
mur of feminine voices. Miss Jean Lo
gan, society's favorite dancer, appeared'
in two graceful delsarte dances, 'in one
of which she wore a Greek costume
and in the other a Japanese kimona.
The musical end of the programme was
supplied by a quartet of male voices
in a number of popular selections.
Just before the ladies left the. tables
confetti was passed around by Mrs.
Adams' beautiful little daughter, Vere
de Vere Adams, and showered upon the
guest of honor with, good wishes for
the Xew Year.
Mrs. Henry is a large woman of the
very pronounced blonde, type, just the
opposite of her hostess, who is petite
and dark. Mrs. Henry wore a hand
some : white lace gown with a large
toque of white tulle.
Mrs. Adams • resembles Mrs. Pat
Campbell somewhat and the resem
blance is increased by the long cling
ing gowns she affects, and which are
always designed by herself. Her dress
yesterday was of some soft, blue, filmy
stuff, ornamented with pearl embroid
ered butterflies, and a wreath of flow
era was twisted through her dark hair.
Miss Lulu Bothin, one of the season's
debutantes, was an attractive figure
at the luncheon in a dainty white chif
fon gown and hat and her hair a la
Peggy O'Neill. Miss Katherine Dillon
wore a becoming and exquisite white
lace gown. Mrs. Clarence Mann wore
over her reception gown a long coat
that was the envy of everybody.
It was of heavy green— a real
grass green— silk and the deep collars
were appllqued with Persian embroid
ery. A beautiful long green plume al
most covered her flat modish hat- An
other striking feature of Mrs. Mann's
costume was the large hoop rings she
wore, a' style now becoming very pop
ular in Paris.
Mrs. William Sesnon was also a guest
a-nd charmingly gowned,: her famous
collar and belt of cameos attracting
much attention.
ADAMS' IrUh lioss Cough »al«aa fcels*
from th« first do»e. cure* in • day. 23c. *fc. "
Delimit a Big and Brilliant
Assemblage of Business Men
and Families at the Alhambra
DRUMMERS GIVE
MINSTREL SHOW
THT3 REV. FRANCIS E. CLARK.
D. D.. FOUNDER OF CHRIS
TIAN ENDEAVOR SOCIETY.
• • . • -
The regular monthly ' meeting of the
Association of Pioneer Women of Cali-
To-morrow evening, the officers at
Mare Island are preparing to celebrate
the passing of the old;, year,, in fitting
fashion. A ; fancy dress ball ;. is ; to be'
given, to which many from this side r are
invited.
• v. • •
The winter picnic of Mrs. Bowie-Die
trick's planning was voted a tremend
ous success on Tuesday night. The
house became a woodland glen for the
hour, December became May, and. the
fun that reigned was that of May time.
Games. hardly, commensurate with dig
nity, but highly productive of fun, were
played, the "festive board" Was done
away with and with it the dignities of
evening j dress. The men . forsook their
"spikes" and the maids their frumperies
for the joyous freedom of picnic attire,
which greatly facilitated their squat
ting in a picnic fashion upon the erst
while grassy glade.
More of these functions would' soon
render stupidity in society a thing to
be shunned.
Mrs. E. A. Trefethen entertained a
number of friends "at luncheon to-day,
at which the pleasant announcement
was made of the engagement of her
daughter, Miss Donna Felter, to Lieu
tenant Harry Todd Powell, U. S. R. C. S.
, Mrs. George Boardman gave a tea
yesterday in honor of the much-feted
bride-to-be. Miss Bernie Drown. Was
ever fiancee feted by friends as Miss
Drown has been? And that in spite of
the unfortunate mishap to her mother,
which necessarily forestalled many
functions. The rooms were made beau
tiful by the prodigal use of pink roses
and feathery' greens. Miss Drown, after
the manner of the season, wore white.
Mrs. Boardman, the hostess,, appeared
in a stunning gown of black velvet.
About COO guests called, sipped tea and
exchanged greetings for the coming
year. The following iadies assisted in
receiving: Mrs. Chauncey Boardman
and Mrs. Danforth Boardman, daugh
ters-in-law of the hostess; Mrs. J. W.
Carey, Mrs. Alex. D. Keyes, Mrs. Guy
Edie, Mrs. ' McKeever, Mrs. Harry
Poett, Miss Emily Carolan, Miss Stella
Kane, Miss Stella Salisbury, Miss Cad
wallader, Missy Blanding, Miss Ellin
wood, Miss* Sallie Maynard. Miss Ethel
Tpmpkins, Miss Newell Drown and
Miss Ethel CoQper.
Mrs, Chasies K. Hartley was hostess
yesterday at one of the most elaborate
luncheons glren this season. R«d Eoses
and riots of red' carnations bloomed be
neath ihe red glow of shaded lights,
producing an effect altogether coseate.
The guest of the hour was Miss Flor
ence Gibbons, a debutante, dainty as
a bud should be. and in her grown of
white chiffon made a Q charming picture.
Fifty guests accepted Mrs. Hartley's
hospitality.
* 0 *
TJie ma!ds and matrons of the smart
set had a busy day of it yesterday.'
What with teas and luncheons, great
and small, there was merrymaking—
and right Jolls' merrymaking— in the
air. Mrs. John Merrill gave a luncheon
to the fair fiancee, Miss Caroline Ayers.
The affair, being wholly informal, pre
sented a charming afternoon's enter
tainment. The following guests were
entertained: Miss Caroline Ayers, Miss
May Ayers. Miss Laura Bates, Miss
Helen Dickens, Miss Ella Morgan. Miss
Ed,na Dickens, Miss Gertrude
Miss Agnes Buchanan and Miss Alice
SchussJer.
Oilier-., Miss r.ttrlcH Ocrfirr.re. i'iss .Mice rju!
llvae. >!jes Kielkh. Willlar. Sfrs. Run.
j<'n,- Miss Mnrie \V»-lli, ?'lss luanlta
"VVelis. Miss Edith Simpsc:i, Miss
rie l«ull. Mis» KHthlee:< Hull. M»s. »'ercy Kes
nler. Sir*. Koi<ert Cunningham, Mies Van WycV,
Mrs. Henry li. Dutton, >«rs. Tj.ul B«ncroft,
M If • I^ilu rkithin. Hiss Kmlly Ptcr.e, Mrs.
Dlckcnsion, Xfr». .Tosep'i Masttti, Mr-. Cock,
UnsSc+m-V. Youn»r. Vrs. H.rnek, Mrs. Wil
liam Willin, Mrs. Uilllan Rrown IJvctt* ani
Mr« KrttleTjck Mcli» of O«klanrt. Mrs. Krancl*
IJ. Mu5s»r. Vis. Trar.cis If. l)u:t woody. Miss
Jean How"«rd. MM* Durham, Mrs. J. I^orai
reas», Vrp. £.' J., Cotton, T-'rs. >:. r2. Cotton.
Mr». Oorion M. Stolp, Mrs. ."ame» I'iercc.
Mrs. !r\ln M. Aytcs. Mr«. l-'ranklin I'oore, Jlre.
Oeoive A. \Veb*»er. Miss Marea Stone, >lls«
Kuth And.rson. Miss Helen Pr.rtrlJr.\ Miss Kr
wina Smith. Miss l^nura Vai? Wyclr. Mit.i I^ucy
llancroft. il>«s »t»nrb.Dra. Miss Shirley «Jook
man H:\yes, MJss M:»ri*tta }I.tven«, Mils »os
»fhin«> I'ierc". M»s. Udgar Painter iirs Wat
ron. .Vrs. Ste-.htft-on, Mlis '.VSiitney, Miss Hl»
] ten. Mr*. Walter H.nry. Mra. KeiloK.;. Miss
Eva I 'ow rt!. MIsj Ii]aT.chfi J'ovpll, Mrs.
'.V.lIUm High. Miss >UcMll!an, Miss
Mau. Mrs. C. If. Nlann. Mrs. .'.Vllllam
Sepnon. Mr-, r.ick. Miss Ilawl.y. Mr» I
tfaykell. Mrs. Mitchell, Mr*. WUM.'m Kirk!
Mr* 'Jpw S. Meredith, Mrs. Dunrt. Mrs.
Birrsten. Mr.. Ifood, Mr». Woods. Jin,, j. il
, Mattel. Kn. 7«mr s Miller Merrill. Mn Wil
[liam Asbburner| Mrs. Zoc Oreen R»k-!lffe. Mrs
\alentine. Mr*. Ma*n»ll. Mrs. Mtanley n »5e
vptf?.!r?. Thomas Morffew. Miss Kohl*. Hen
ry. .Ji.«s \er». d-j v» re Adams and others.
MaSL JOHN' CHAHL.ES ADAMS,
who iTA'/u a unique: tea to
M.VN.y FRIENDS VCSTERDAV.
Dr. Clark will be at the Greek Amphi
theater, Berkeley, at noon to-day, and
at 4 o'clock this afternoon will attend
an informal conference at the Young
Men's Christian Association, this city.
He will depart on the Sierra at 8 o'clock
to-night. t ; ' C
A rousing reception was accorded the
Rev. Francis E. Clark, D. D., founder
of the Christian Endeavor Society, by
members of the organization who gath
ered last night at the First Congrega
tional Church, Post and Mason streets.
Dr. Clark arrived from the East at
noon jesteriiay * in ro "te to distant
lands, wheie the Christian Endeavor
movement has taken a powerful hold.
Dr. Clark in speaking before the as
semblage saicl Jn pait:, '•
The long journey f a/»i taking Is i*. 'esponse
• o inklJatlon> to be present a # t the con%entl ¦>.;•
In 'Australia In A.'rica an 1 'In London. Eng
land. 1 shall visit Africa and Italy. France.
Sweden *nd Switzerland, and all centers »here
the movement has growr. to *reat proportions.
T.ondon «here I liope to be in May to at
tend the British National Christian Endeavor
• tonventlon. is »iow th>- chief -enter of the
Undcavoi r.iOA»ment cf the «vorl.i. Olcag*
a-.rd i'hilailclphl* it one tire 'alth each
t'.he.'.for ascendency, each with 500 »<ietlc&,
bu« !x>n'!on possesses «.j-day more than "(•'.
In connection with this great «nd ' ver grow
ing movement 1 trust that ' may »e a *'ving
link between *his grand land and the f.atlons
which I shall ' lsit. ; ,.
Sow. the watchwords I »I»9 you «j-nlKht
• re: "OrK«nize,'.' "Vitalize" and "Evangel-
Izo." Arc they n< ? three good vords with
¦>.hlch ?• begin the Ne« YearT They *re
words in which are found new :ort» and nev.
euer*-y. ,
RewemU'. there -nut* be >csnething t jr «U
to tJo — »ome task for *vory one oT the nocl'ty
io accomplish. U> must *et at ihe ranV anl
file.
Vou *no» the movement thaf 1» going on
here *n<3 all over tlie country. St Is .^rowlnr.
It Is responding to the organization.
I am fclaiJ th«t California has no noM* a
place tn Christian Kndeavor work. Hut or
ganic*. Vitalize as well, for that inspires life,
I>ut8 I'igor Into the organization. Then evan
gelize. You should have a Christian Endeavor
day each year. , when we should face our friends
with tl>« ttreat question — decUlon. ¦
I bellev« thai California will make #uch an
advanne during the coming year that you will
receive the flag with added stars which t waits
you In Boston.
A7tboiis*t P.hodee Mareh is mentioned
is the ierminus of the line, the com
laA:- ;-ats entered into a traffic alliance
tv'ih the 53oT;thorn Pacific Company
<wherebT St vill have the use erf four
rrri.Vs of Uje Carson and Colorado Com
pany's tracks to S^-daville. where the
terminal oftW-s of the new line will be
ostrblished. At the latter p1ac« the
ores :rom th*. tni.ies of Tonopah w«l
\sn trans«.crTed Jrorr the narrow gauKe
cars ¦-.'i those pi She Soatrtorn Pacific
Tor shipment to r J&M L.r.ke. %vhere they
arc to be handle 1 b*r She smelter com
panies.
It is expected tha. tiic ores from the
newly discovered mining disir'ct known
as the Gold Fields vr0 t»e hauled to
Tonopah and from there shippea over
the new road to the main lif.e of :he
Southern Pacific.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific Company and Alonzo
Tripp, general superintendent of the
proposed new narrow gauge road be
tween Tonopah and Rhodes Marsh,
tvere in conference for some time yes
terday, and later the information was
{riven out that plans for building the
sixty miles. of road had taken definite
shape and that construction work
would bepin in a few days. At yester
day's meeting the Southern Pacific
Company agreed to »urnish the neces
sary steel rails, which will be delivered
at Sodaviile by the company next week.
Representatives of several constr Jcticm
lirms have already looked o.er ! the
ground and will bid upon :he grading
work «n ."anuary il- General Super
intendene Tripp atlso placed a contract
with ;:a.n«non& f.-. Co. during the day
-or fifteen combination gondola cars
an»» by telegraph ordered the immedi
ate shipment from the East of two
."or:y-'on Italdwin locomotives on
trjaici he has had an option for sev
*t»1 months. In discussing the new
roa<* Tripp said at the Palace Hctei
*".'hc financiering of the new road
feafc been «?ffected by the backers in
JPL*iiaxit!ph.ia. a fact which wan cor.
ucjed'to me by telegraph this morn
'jftc, and I at once set about getting
trwiters in shape for the inauguration
jf «-be work. We expect to have the
tirat train optratir.g between Ilhoies
and Tonoj>ah by June 1, and th*
HX»S;tractors will have to Rive a JSO.OOt
•'x>w<3 to complete their work by that
• ifcie. The Southern Pacific officials
¦live offered the Tonopah company
cv»ry possible aid In hurrying the
¦>: Jiru)T<>tioit of the road and wo arc
no? ftfcurinc on any further diiT.cul-
s eg."
The long expected row over the es
tate of the late millionaire politician,
Thomas J. Clunie, ' has materialized.
Yesterday in the Probate Court Mrs.
Florence Clunie, widow 'of the deceased
Congressman; created a sensation by
opposing the petition for partial dis
tribution of the estate by Andrew J.
Clunie, her brother-in-law, and by an
nouncing that she intended to ignore
her husband's will and claim half of
the estate under the law governing
community property. If she carries out
her Intentions and succeeds in show
ing that the estate of Clunie wag ac
quired after her marriage to him she
will receive $500,000, instead of the real
ty valued at about $200,000 bequeathed
to her in the will.
At the hearing of Clunie's petition
yesterday it was shown that the estate,
which was appraised at 11,017.000, was
In excellent condition. With the excep
tion of debts amounting: to $5000, not
yet due, all debts have been paid and
a comfortable surplus is in the hands
of the executors of Clunie's will. The
estate is in distributive shape, accord
ing to the executors, and they have
certified that they are willing to turn
over to the heirs of the Congressman
such portions of the estate as were de
vised to them. If this were done An
drew J. Clunie would receive the ware
house property in Sacramento, "Jack"
•Jlaring-Clunie, the adopted son of the
deceased, or the executors of the wi!l.
as his trustee?, would receive the Clunie
building at the corner of California ;*nd
Montgomery streets, nnd the wJdow
would;' receive the realty i> Sacramento
anjlitiilS city* devised 'u> her. The ex
ecutors of the will as trustees to: the
•jhildr^n ot Andrew CJunie would also
receive certain pieces n? realty left
them by their uncl*.
E. A. Britlgford, B. G; "White and An
drew J. Clunie are the executors of the
wiU. They are alsr. trustees !or "Jack"
Olaring-OIunie and th<» nieces an<i
nephews of the decedent. They hope
t.« convince the court that the widow,
in the »ivent Jhat she elects to make
Her claim for half -n th.* estate. Is not
entitled to more thf*n the shary Revise'!
her h: t!ie will. They say that the
Clunie i* not community jrop
?Tty; that it was acauir^d by Jhe poli
tician prior io Jiis marriage.- They so
testified yesterday.
Mrs. Clunie. aiso Jioiies to show th»t
she is entitled to-more of th* estate
than the will gives *.er because of the
existence of a large amount of per
sonal property discovered by the *>xecu
<ors and, as she claims, not reported In
the Inventory.
The petition will be given a further
hearing next Tuesday.
"With the object of protecting citizens
from acts of hoodlums on Market street
and adjoining streets to-night and to
morrow morning. Chief "Wlttman yes
terday issued the following Instructions
to company commanders:
With the expiration of the year 1903 and
the advent of 10OI it la expected that a vast
number of our Rood citizens wtll continue
the practice which of late years has becom« t
a custom of promenading Kearny. Market j
and the Intersecting streets on New Year't.
' eve, seeing the old year out and the new
year in. It has been our experience in the j
past that rowdies take advantage of this oc
casion to insult ladles ana annoy the prom
enaders with acts of hoodluralsm. I wish th»
strongest measures taken to see that thla doe«
not occur this year.
The following extra details are hereby or
dered, and i wish you to give strict orders
to the officers so detailed to be prompt and
active In seeins to it that the people are pro
tected tn their desire to enjoy the evenins
peacefully. Detail two officers from Company
B to each blool: on the north side of Market
street, from Kearny to Taylor streets, and
three officers to each block on the south sido
of Market street, from Third to Sixth streets.
Sergeant Christiansen and five patrolmen from
Company /. are *o be felievvd «iy Sergeant
Shaw -ind flvi patrolmen, to b« detailed at
Powell «n^ ilarktl street*. Sergeant Brophr
and five patrolmen from Company K. to be re
llaved *>y Sergeant CibmpoHl and 1 nvt patrol
men, to *>• detailed at Grant avenUo nnti Mar
ket street. Sergeant M. Anderson and flvt;
patrolmen, to be »«lievert by Sergoant O'Du:.- .
and flv« patrolmen, at Stockton »nd Marin t
•treet*. Sergeant Blank an>S five* patrolm.n
/rcm Company D. to. b# Fellevert oy Corporal '
Bhanahan ml flv» patrolmen, tj» b» detailed
»t Kearny and Market streets.
Captain Sptllafte trill take chars ¦
«nd su|M>rv-I»ion of *11 d*t*ll3 rm ifarkc ; »tr«-- '.
and L>ieutcn«nt .Burnett if all d*ta.Il> tiortN
of Market. Tfc» l«ti«r will deploy nv-A frofc
the Details at. Kcatny mnd if.tr »*t alontf th •
tine of KearnT- *tre«t «s f«r *s may ts» med
•d. and f«om thof« detailed *t Grant «iiknuc
and M«rket «lor« Crant 4,v«nue *• far j?
may > « (!h-.<m.iti. *.! of th»* .!••.' »1!* to be irt
effcoX at tf. r.i. *nd continue until 1:30 a*, m..
vh«n the offlcerc so 4ctaiieA will j» to 4£»<&
regular t.»Hi».
Do not allow trowSM to ffat)ler »t «n; r^- 1
ticular r»tnt, fcut %»*p th« pee»l» nsovinf.
<?omplaJn<3 have t*en Tna«e of p»°P' 8 b'hn?
rtrucl* hj liough* of tr»» in th« h in'..' -o'i
TcwAle: Instruct of*c»r» to taU» til «:ci
matrri«l *» »y fTom »ny nn* csiryiisB the urn*
«in the »«r«>et. Comx?l«Ints hav« »:«i *••?? |
made of yturt men carrying pota o» patr.t
*wlth whfch to daub ttle f »¦-«¦» of i*.?trr*-i;_ :
IXav* tht« «topp«il and take the material *-¦ i
from thew. Arre#t all i*r»n» who do r.c|
t«ha«e tbetnstlvea wheft varn*4 to *.•¦> eo.
II»v» the offlctrs on fluty during tlie u>»
' r trift 31«t request all f)«r*ona with s- trjr •• »
decoration* is front cf their »remis«« t« ;'e
tnove the same r«fo*» nU|%tf*)!. *• by :» j
mean» m-e will Temcrre some of i%+ tmicvni
tlon of th« boodlum.
Captain Mooney will ord«r ta» ratml »«sojC
from tn« O'KarMll-street sfatloa to tezmt n%
the Central station *t <• p. m. «nd rtmaln < >
duty tb«re till 2 a. m^.
Conference Between General
3Ianager Kruttschnitt and
Alonzo Tripp Hastens Work
All Persons to Be Arrested
Who Refuse to Behave Them
selves After Being Warned
Claims That the Wealth of
Her Late Husband Was Ac
quired After Their Marriage
TO KUX TRAINS IN JUNE
OPPOSES
MAKES SPECIAL DETAILS
DISTRIBUTION
Bails and Cars Are Ordered
and Bids for Construction
Will Be Awarded Next Week
Chief "Wittman Gives Orders
for Protection of Promena<l
ers on Advent of New Year
Widow of Late Congressman
Announces Her Intention to
Fight for a Larger Share
TONOPAH ROAD
NOW ASSURED
CONTEST OVER
CLUNIE ESTATE
WILL SUPPRESS
HOODLUM ACTS
GUESTS OF MRS. ADAMS
ENJOY UNIQUE LUNCHEON
Event Is Characterized by Original Decorations on the Style
of a Circus, an Interesting Vaudeville Programme, With
Special Orchestra Music, and Some . Delsarte Dancing
WELCOME THE ORGANIZER
OF BIG RELIGIOUS BODY
Hundreds Gather at First Congregational Church to Receive
Rev. Francis E. Clark, Founder of the Christian Endeavor
Society, Who Stops Here on Way. to Lands Across the Sea
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 31 y 1903.
16
Owing to the enormous
demand for the tape meas-
ure, offered as a premium
to Want "Advertisers in
last Sunday's Call, another
supply was ordered arid
the offer, will bo renewed
next Sunday in order X to
give every .Want, Adver-
tiser the opportunity to
secure one of these handy
articles;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| B. KATSCHINSKI
jj Philadelphia Shoe Co.
0 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
\ Adjolninr Call Btiildi&ff.
IFIT FOR A QUEEN
1 1 One trial with our Shoes will
il make you our customer forever.
[I They fit with a queenly grace and
t| are made to wear. This week we
1 1 offer a s;>ecial Shoe that for style.
{ I comfort and appearance cannot be
{I duplicated. ¦
j Ladies' Very Best Vicl Kid Lac«
II 6hoes. straight foxed with natty
il up-to-date plain coin toes, hand-
I turned soles and high Cuban heels.
LI OKX PSICE OXTZ.T, J?.J.(M>. Sizes
ri 2% to S; widths AA to K. The
il same style sold elsewhere for
]l $3.50 and $4.00.
I WS WXX.Z. BS OPEN TO-
I VZGST. KEW YEAE'S EVE. W-
I j IXXt 10 P. M.
'* SPECIAL VOTZCZ.
l\ On and ufter tills date this
I 1 store will ajrain close at 6 p. a,
< I ob week days and 10 p. m. on Sat-
i| nrday sijrbts.
IB. KATSCHINSKI
j Philadelphia Shoe Co*
(I XO THZXD ST., San Trancisco.
ADVEILTIflEMEirra.
CM |w Mm Wm BH • m9 Ik ' ¦! MB
39 Stockton Street
V8LE7SOSZ*- StAiar 0339.
HAPPYNEW YEAR!
W« jTomis* t» &» a« W«ll hr Jo« tht
ne*t <tvelv« Rionttis •* we did rinrins the
past iweb*. We wilt «tIM ccatlnu* •»
*.!«« joy the b«*t 'n tne croce// Sln^.
Price* biwcu. too.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square ... 40c
«*r^sh and Jeass "cu. Ree.43*.
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per dozen., . 40c
; Tho -jcs* th".e is. ifiw -»5C'
KONA COFFEE, %$$$£*&!». per Ib 20c
i coflee with body and flavor. Refc. 25c.
NAVEL ORANGES, per dozen . .30c
Choice — Just choice. It(»K. 35c.
French Sardines in OH. g£^££ig£
The Monk brand. Never find any fault •
with this brand. Reg. 23c and 15c.
MANZANILLO OLIVES, per quart 2Qc
Choice green olives. Reg. 23c.
CALIFORNIA FRENCH PEAS, per can... 15c
Code, Portwood. Petit Pois. Res. 20c.
FRENCH MIXED CANDIES, per Ib.... 35c
¦¦ The samo the candy stores charge you
50c for. i -.;• ..¦;,:
Liquor and Wine Specials.
E. C. Berry Bourbon i&^J 1 **- per bof 75c
Fine Old RYO weatier m»iiieia». per git S3
Reg. $1 and $t
MUSCATEL AND ANGELICA, per bol.. 23c
Fine wlnea for the ladles. Re*. 3.V.
LONOON DOCK PORTs J$, 4 } par bof
' DIAMOND SHERRY.. < wV. J 75e
CLARET, per gal 40c
Re*. COc. Thi» will be forad to be a
highly satisfactory native wine.
H CLUETT PEABODY & CO. wA
U CLUETT AND ARROW COLLARS Hi
ft- *• *i iTr ¦-¦ * "^^ -* I— J8_ 'jM-^ i-J^^^fl
¦ . . . • .«.-.-¦-¦ ¦ .¦ •• ¦ *
[ Always. Remeraber the Fnn /Ifrae m
\ Cores aCdd inOne Day, Cnj> in 2 Days