BALFOUR MINISTRY BROUGHT TO VERGE OF FINAL COLLAPSE
BY DEVONSHIRE'S RESIGNATION AND WEAKNESS OF APPOINTEES
7 ONDON, Oct. $.—The new Cabinet is composed as follows: Mr. Brodrick, formerly Secretary of War, succeeds Lord George
"i * Hamilton as Secretary for India; Attsten Chamberlain, formerly Postmaster General, succeeds Mr. Ritchie as Chancellor of
the Exchequer; Alfred Lyttelton, Recorder of Oxford, succeeds Joseph Cltamberlain as Secretary Jor the Colonies; H. O.
Arnold Forster, Secretary to the Admiralty, succeeds Mr. Brodrick as Secretary of War; Gralxam Murray, Lord Advocate of Scot
land, succeeds Lord Balfour of Burleigh as Secretary for Scotland; Lord Stanley, Financial Secretary of the War Department, suc
ceeds Austen' Chamberlain as Postmaster General.
Continued on page 2 t column 4,
Continued on gage 2, column 3.
-"'Continued on page 2, column 5.
"Again, do ¦ you not feel some special
regret at having at' this particular junc
ture to sever your connection with a Un
ionist administration? Doubtless there is
no imaginable occasion j oh ' which- you
could have left without Inflicting on ' It ' a
serious loss. At the moment; of Its most
buoyant prosperity. your absence, from its
councils would have been sensibly felt, but
you have, in fact, left it when in the opin
ion ; "of .our opponents its ;f ortunes ' are at
the I lowest and ' its : perplexities 1 at the
DESERTS DURING A ¦ CRISIS.
"But, after all, what and where Is this
discrepancy which has forced you in so
unexpected a fashion to reverse a consid
ered policy? I do not believe that It ex
ists, and if any other man than yourself
had expressed such inquisitorial subtlety
in detecting imaginary heresies I should
have surmised that he was more anxious
to pick a quarrel. than particular as to
the sufficiency of its occasion.
"To you, fortunately, no such suspicion
can attach. Yet am I unreasonable In
thinking that your 'resignation gives me
some just occasion of complaint, and per
haps some special occasion of regret to
yourself? Am I, for example, not right in
complaining of your procedure in refer
ence to my Sheffield speech? You _fear
that it will aggravate the party division.
If there is anything certain It is that the
declaration of policy then made produced,
and is destined to produce, greater har
mony in the party than has prevailed
since the fiscal question first 'came to the
front six months ago. Had you resigned
on the 15th or had you not resigned at all
this healing effect would have suffered no
interruption. To resign now and to resign
on the speech is td take the. course most
calculated to make harder the hard task
of the peacemaker.
ent discrepancy the written rather than
the spoken words as expressing -the true
meaning of the author; or, if this is ask
ing too much, at least to make an In
quiry before arriving at a final hostile
conclusion. . .
Retirement of the Conservative Leader
Proves a Crushing Blow.
greatest. Maybe, however, you are spared
this aggravation of the inevitable pain of
separation by holding, as I hold, that our
opponents are in this mistaken. I firmly
believe they are. I see no difficulty in
carrying out the policy which for a fort
night you were wlllirfg to- accept by the
aid of an administration which in a fort
night you helped to construct.
"On this point I feel no disquiet. I can
not pretend to view with light equanimity
the loss of a colleague whose services to
the Unionist party no change and chance
of political fortune can tempt any Union
ist to forget. Yours sincerely,
"A .J. BALFOUR."
DEVONSHIRE'S LETTER.
The Duke of Devonshire's, letter to Bal
four, to which the foregoing was the
response, was communiucated to the press
to-night. It Is as follows:
"My Dear Balfour: I have, since we
last met, felt Increasing- doubt whether I
had been .well advised in consenting to
separate myself from those of our col
leagues whose resignations were tendered
and accepted last month, but until some
new developments should have taken
place I have not thought it necessary to
trouble you with these doubts. The
speech, however, which you delivered last
night made it necessary for me to defi
nitely decide whether I am so near an
agreement with yourself, on the question
of fiscal policy as to make it possible for
me, with . satisfaction to myself or ad
vantage to the community, to remain a
member of your Government
"I must, especially as the representative
of the Government In one of the houses
of Parliament, in forming this decision,
have regard not Only to the different
statements of policy contained In your
speech, but also to Its general tone and
tendency. As to the fqrmer. It was pos
sible to arrive at a clear, understanding
without discussion, but as to the latter
CHAMBERLAIN'S SUCCESSOR AS SECRETARY OF STATE FOR THE
COLONIES, OTHER MEMBERS OF RECONSTRUCTED BRITISH CAB
INET AND OFFICIAL WHO HAS RESIGNED.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 5.— Charles Bock
rath and his wife were arrested to-day on
charges of battery preferred by Philip
Douglas. The arrest disclosed the iden
tity of the parties to a sensational horse
whipping scene on a public street late
Saturday night. The cries of a young
man were heard by the neighborhood and
were mingled with the swish of a horse
whip, but when the curious bestirred
themselves they discovered that the par
ties had driven away and their identity
was not learned.
Douglas had been paying attention to
Miss Eva Harmon, the pretty young step
daughter of Bockrath. Her mother and
Bockrath objected to these attentions and
resolved to put a stop to them.
When found, Douglas was engaged in
conversation with Miss Harmon near the
telephone office, where she is employed.
Alighting from their carriage, Mr. and
Mrs. Bockrath accosted the young couple.
Bockrath seized Douglas' wrists while
Mrs. Bockrath rained terrific blows upon
his face and head with tho butt end of a
horsewhip. When the angry woman felt
that she had punished the young man
sufficiently she gave her daughter a rath
er severe taste of the whip.
Douglas broke and ran, but he had not
gone far when two unknown men as
saulted him with such violence that his
face is a mass of bruises where it does
not show the cuts of the whip.
Eockrath admits the participation of
his wife and himself in the horsewhip
ping episode, saying the measure was
resorted to because Douglas would not
keep his promise to cease his attentions
to Miss Harmon.
van. Scarcely had the call been sent in
when Elliott became violent. The officers
and attendants after a brief but strenu
ous struggle overpowered him. Officer
Ciscle made a cursory examination of his
pockets, but found only a pair of shears
and a large penknife. The man became
quiet, but refused to leave the White
House until he was forced to go. The of
ficers conveyed him to the police van,
which by that time was waiting at the
gate of the White House grounds.
The struggle in the van occurred almost
immediately after Elliott had been placed
in the vehicle. He drew his revolver from
a pocket which seemed to be an enlarged
watch fob. As that Is a most unusual
place in which to carry a pistol, Officer
Ciscle in his hurried search had over
looked the weapon. The pistol was an or
dinary bulldog: five-shorter of a cheap
pattern
SENT TO AN ASYLUM.
At the Emergency Hospital, where his
wounds were dressed, Elliott said he was
sl Swede and that his home was in Min
neapolis. At the St. James Hotel It was
said that Elliott arrived there last
Wednesday evening. He registered as
"P. O. Ell, New York." He had no bag
gage and paid for his room In advance.
He conducted himself about the hotel in a
quiet, gentlemanly manner, and nobody
with whom he came Into contact Imag
ined that he was insane.
Late this afternoon the police surgeong
after a careful examination of Elliott
certified that he was insane. An order
was issued immediately for his removal
to the St.. Elizabeth's Hospital for the
Insane.
Among Elliott's possessions were nu
merous clippings from newspapers
throughout the country, describing an'd
relating incidents In the life of President
Roosevelt, and cards of the Minneapolis
Patent Company of 2S Central avenue,
Minneapolis. In one pocket were manu
scripts written by him in the Swedish
language, with his pictures in different
poses at the head of each. These con
tained lectures on political and religious
subjects.
On one of them was an address to the
American people, written in a rambling
and Incoherent fashion. It was laudatory
of President Roosevelt. The address
spoke of the growing slavery to arid
shameful acts in "grafting" and robbing
by the millionaires and capitalists on
every side. and said that "before it is too
late the President wants to save the
neck of the millionaires in their exist
ence, and their sons and daughters from
the bloody hand of rebellion." Finally
he wants to "crush the trusts in their
childhood." Reference of a pleasant
character is also made to former Presi
dent McKinley.
In his talk at the police station Elliott
ECHO OF KENTUCKY'S
FAMOUS FAMILY FEUD
William McCoy Mortally Wounds a
Eon-in-Law of the
Hatfields.
NOLAN. W. Va.. Oct. 5.— William Mc-
Coy, a young member of the McCoy fam
ily, to-day shot and mortally wounded
•Everett Thompson, a son-in-law of the
Hatfields. The tragedy Is the outgrowth
of the feud which has existed for twenty
MURDER OF MISSIONARY
BY BOXERS IS REPORTED
Ne-sra Is Received in Ohio That Rev.
C. C. Kennedy Has Been.
Killed in China.
DELAWARE, Ohio, Oct. 5.-News was
received to-day at Athley that Rev. C. C.
Kennedy, who went from that place as a
missionary to China several months ago
bad been killed by. Boxers, *
"But till 1 o'clock, this afternoon, I had;
I confess, counted you not as aa- op
ponent, but -as a" colleague— a colleague
in spirit as In. name. To such a' one it
would have seemed natural,^ so I should
have thought, to take In cases of appar-
WOKDS CONVEY A REBUKE.
DUKE BREAKS A PROMISE.
"Do you remember the circumstances?
It was on September 16 that you in
formed me of your resolve to remain In
the Government. This decision was pre
ceded by much confidential correspond
ence, and much intimate conversation.
There was no phase of policy which I was
not prepared to discuss and which, in
fact, 1 did not discuss with perfect frank
ness. Men and measures alike. were sur
veyed from every point of view, bearing
on the present course and future fortunes
of the party.
"The decision arrived at after these
preliminaries I had a right to consider
final, and final I certainly considered it.
Accordingly I consulted you, as far ' as
the circumstances of the time and place
permitted, as to the best methods of fill
ing the vacancies in the Government, of
which you are the most distinguished
member. You were good enough to ex
press some weighty judgments ' on the
delicate matters submitted to you. You
initiated proposals of your own, which I
gladly accepted.
"Our last communication on these sub
jects was in the letter I dictated during
my journey to Sheffield on Thursday
afternoon. Less than forty-eight hours
thereafter 'I received, in Edinburgh,
telegrams which first announced your in
tention to resign and your desire to see
the process of resignation consummated
without delay and without discussion.
STRANGE CHANGE OF FRONT.
"The principal occasion for this sin
gular transformation was, you tell me,
my Sheffield speech. This is strange, in
deed. In intention, at least, there was
no doctrine contained in that speech
which was not contained in my note on
insular free trade and in my published let
ter to Mr. Chamberlain. The first of these
documents you had in your possession
before the generality of the Cabinet. The
second you saw the manuscript of beforo
It appeared in the newspapers. With
both, therefore, you were intimately ac
quainted during the whole fortnight in
which you lent your countenance to the
Government after the recent resignations.
"I must suppose, therefore, , that it is
some discrepancy between the written
and spoken words which now drives you
to forsake the administration. Such.un
intentional discrepancies without doubt
are very hard to avoid. No one, certainly
not I, can always be sure of finding on
the spur of the moment, before an eager
audience of 5000 people, the precise phrase
which shall dexterously express the exact
opinion of the speaker on difficult and
abstract subjects, to foil his opponents,
who would wrest ' It either to the right
hand or to the left hand.
"My Dear Duke: I received, this after
noon, two telegrams forwarded in quick
succession by my private secretary in
London— the first from you, asking how
soon your resignation might be an
nounced, and tho second giving a full
summary of the reasons which moved
you to resign. I am not sure which of
these unexpected communications I sur
prised me most. On the whole, perhaps
it was the second. The llrst, however,
was sufficiently strange. ¦
office of Lord President " of the
Council, and the King has accepted his
resignation. The Duke of Devonshire
wrote to Premier Balfour, giving his
reasons for his resignation, which he at
tributed, among other things, to the Pre
mier's speech at Sheffield and his pamph
let on insular free trade. The Duke of
Devonshire's letter was not made public
until to-night, af t« r the following.vltriojlc
acknowledgement of - Its receipt-*- liy ' Bal
four was made public:
•cr ONDON, Oct. 5. — The Duke of
B Devonshire, who was leader of
M the Conservative party in the
" House of Lords, has resigned the
Premier Sends Bit=
ter Letter to
Duke.
Reconstructed Cab=
inet Lacking in
Strength.
„ ONDON, Oct. 5.— The three weeks'
If Cabinet crisis has ended In a
B manner more remarkable and
n <f dramatic than that of its incep-
tion. Balfour's new Ministry af
fords a measure of the enormous difficulty
he has had to contend with In the task
of reconstruction, and its composition
seems to Indicate that the Premier, him
self can have little belief in its durability.
The most sanguine supporters of the
Government to-night express the smallest
hopes of such an administration living
many months, and the prevalent Idea id
that there will be a general election be
fore Parliament reassembles.
The withdrawal of the Duke of Devon
shire is a heavy blow. Had he remained
the Government might have survived an
other Parliamentary session by avoiding
legislation dealing with the fiscal prob
lem, but with him goes the support of the
strong party of Liberal Unionists In the
country. Balfour's extraordinary letter
reproaching the Duke of Devonshire with
breach of faith is the theme of universal
surprise and comment. Though it is gen
erally admitted that it Is difficult to un
derstand why the Duke did not resign
when Ritchie and the others seceded, it
Is recalled that he publicly announced
long ago that he considered it his duty to
hold office as long as possible in the In
terest of free trade, and the curiously
plaintive and bitter tone of Balfour's re
ply is regarded as altogether unjustified
by the circumstances.
LANSDOWNE GAINS POWER.
One consequence of the Duke of Devon
shire's retirement is extremely unfortun
ate for the Government. It will bring the
leadership of the House of Lords to the
unpopular Lord Lansdowne.
No successor has *yet been appointed to
the Duke of Devonshire, and several
minor Government offices still remain
vacant.
Of the few appointments announced to
night the most surprising is that of Hon.
Alfred Lyttelton as Secretary for the Col
onies.. Lyttelton is a man of acknowl
edged ability and a good speaker, but he
has had no ministerial experience what
ever. He Is better known to the colonies
as a cricketer than as a politician. He
and his seven brothers were famous
cricketers at Eton, while Alfred and his
brother Edward displayed even greater
prowess at football, racquets, etc. Al
fred Lyttelton was always an enthusias
tic cricketer and has taken several teams
on colonial tours. He was for ftftoen
yeara the champion tennia player and has
won international football honors. '
Alfred - Lyttelton Is related to Balfouf
by marriage. He has been twice mar
ried. His first wife was a daughter of:
Sir Charles Tennant and his second Is' a
daughter of Archibald Balfour. He la a
cousin of Herbert Gladstone, and his
brother. Sir Neville Lyttelton, is com
mander of the forces in South Africa.
Lyttelton presided over the commission
sent to South Africa to deal with tne
Boer claims, and he also took, a promi
nent part In the Reid Newfoundland ar
bitration.
OTHER APPOINTMENTS WEAK
Although his appointment Is likely to
be keenly criticized, the new Colonial
Secretary Is almost sure of a hearty re
ception In the Ministerial ranks. He 13
credited with being In full sympathy with
Chamberlain's colonial policy and Lord
Mllner's South African ideas, and he is
personally popular.
Austen Chamberlaln'3 appointment to
the Chancellorship of the Exchequer has
been fully discounted.
Brodrtck's transfer to the India office
will probably evoke the fiercest storm and
much resentment in India, where the
feeling will be that he has been sent to
the India office because he was a failure
In the war office. H
Arnold Forster has always been a stu
dent ol the question of defenses and a
strong critic of war office methods. If
allowed a free hand he should Introduce
drastic reforms.
In Austen Chamberlain's case doubts
To this there la added the following
note, written the next day by Nade's
daughter:
"Dear Father: Mamma Is no longer
able to finish her letter. Yesterday she
was sound and to-day she lies
on her bed, wounded and dangerously
Eick, hardly drawing her breath.
"This morning the massacres were re
newed and our house was attacked,
plundered and destroyed. Mamma re
ceived fatal Injuries and no/ie of us
escaped Injuries. We are in a terrible
condition. Have mercy on us and save
us. Take us out from this hell, where
our lives are dally threatened. Your
loving daughter,
"HANNAH L. NADE."
*'It Is with the blood of my heart that
I write this letter and God knows what
will be the end of us."
FAILS TO FINISH LETTER.
"The richer Jews are leaving town as
quickly as they can, while the poorer
Jews have no means to escape from the
dreadful calamity that awaits them.
Even this raominz a. Jew was found
slaughtered.
"Mr. Glattman's daughter, who was
married three weeks ago, tried to escape
•with her husband to a neighboring vil
lage, but on the way they were caught
by a mob and the husband was killed,
while the young bride was compelled to
look at the terrible scene.
"Bessie's store was plundered and de
stroyed a\d she remained without a gar
ment to cover her body and without a
roof for shelter. She now lives In a
barn and the same fate was shared by
all other Jews living near the railroad
depot.
"But on Monday, at noon, mobs of la
borers at the railroad depot marched into
the city and began a general massacre
and pillage, killing, wounding and plun
dering- every Jew they met.
DESPOILED OF THEIR ALL
The following letter has been received
by B. Nade of 117 Essex street, from his
•wife. Jivinjr at Gomel. Russia:
"GOitCL. Sept. 20. 1303.— My Dear Hus
band: This time It Is my s-id lot to
transmit to you evil tidings, and unless
the Almighty will take pity on us we
are doomed to be exterminated.
"Last week I wrote you* that a riot
had taken i>lac« in our town, which had.
fortunately, resulted without mnch harm
to us, but I was a little prrmature in an
ticipating results. The riot. Legan on
Friday. On Saturday and Sunday mat
ters were not of a grave character and
we hoped that everything wiwM be re
stored on the morrow.
MOES SPAKE NO JEWS.
Special Dispatch to The Ca'.l.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Concerning the
reported massacre of Jews , in Mohilev,
Podolia, Secretary Arnold Kohn of the
central re-lief committee for Jews, has
received by cable the following dispatch:
"Here all is peaceful, but It is rumored
that there is trouble at the Mohiicv Gov
ernment."
The last words Indicate that the city
f=o caliod is the capital of its district.
Mohiicv, the capital town, is in North
west Russia, while the other Mohilev is
¦ A mefs-age from Vienna of the same
d;i:e states that the rumors of fighting
i:i Mohilev in Northwest Russia, were
correct. There was a bloody street fight
b'twein Jews and peasants, resulting in
the killing of 300 of the former. The peas
ants lost 100. but are rei>orted as "every
where in overpowering force." The police
are powerless, the message savs.
Instantly, the man having been recog 7
sized* a hurry, call was sent for a police
Chief Usher Stone and Officer Parker
were Btandlng just within the vestibule
at the time. Stone told the man that he
could not see the President just at that
moment, as he was engaged, but that he
might possibly arrange to- see him after a
while. - SCSI
At 10 o'clock* this morning he appeared
at the executive offices. Entering the
vestibule, he inquired for President Roose
velt. One of the doorkeepers asked him
why he wanted to. see the President.
"Oh, just for fun," he responded. "The
President sent for me, and I just want to
see him."
Elliott was told to return next month.
He smiled and walked away, not offering
the slightest objection to the rebuff which
he had received. His appearance attract
ed very little attention, and he gave no in
dication at that time of Insanity.
All of the officers, both at the White
House and at the executive offices, how
ever, were warned again to be on the
lookout for the man and not to take any
chances with him. Shortly before 12
o'clock Elliott walked up to the main
door of the White House, stepped inside
and inquired of Officer Ciscle if he might
see the President.
Without slackening his walk, the Presi
dent removed his hat and held out his
hand, saying: "I am glad to meet you,"
and passed on.
ASKS FOB THE PRESIDENT.
"Roosevelt, shake hands with Elliott."
Elliott went to the church early and
during the first part of the services oc
cupied a seat in the gallery overlooking
the pew in which the President sat. He
left the church at the beginning of the
communion cervices and leaned against
the fence of the house Just across from
the church. "When the President emerged
from the church he walked suddenly up
to the President and put out his hand,
eaying:
Several days ago Secretary Loeb re
ceived a letter, postmarked Washington
and written on letter paper of the St.
James Hotel of this city. The letter in
closed a photograph of Elliott and an in
coherent request for an interview with
President Roosevelt. The letter was
signed "Peter Ell," the statement being
made immediately under the signature
that the writer was registered at the hotel
as Peter Elliott. It was evident to Secre
tary Loeb that his correspondent was in
sane and he Issued directions at once that
the officers on duty, both at the White
House and at the executive offices, should
be on their guard against him. The
photograph was turned over to the secret
service officers.
Nothing was seen of the man until yes
terday, when the President attended
morning services at Grace Reformed
Church.
Elliott was overpowered by the officers
on duty at the White House entrance and
carried to a police van which had been
summoned. He was placed In the van in
the custody of two officers. Seeming to
realize then for the first time that he
was under arrest, Elliott began a furious
struggle with his captors. He drew a
revolver and attempted to shoot Officer
James Ciscle. The officer grabbed his
hand and wrenched the weapon from his
grasp. Elliott's struggles were so fierce,
however, that the two officers, in the
cramped quarters of the van, were un
able to overcome him.
Officer Ciscle then drew his revolver
and fired two shots to attract .attention.
Chief Usher Thomas Stone and Officer
Parker of the .White House force, who
had assisted in carrying Elliott to the
van, rushed back to the vehicle and as
sisted in overpowering him.
In the struggle within the police van
Elliott had broken a glass panel with his
head, severely cutting his head and face.
Officer Ciscle sustained a serious cut on
his right arm, two inches .of flesh being
cut out of the fleshy part of it. He
suffered considerably from loss of blood,
but his wound is not serious. The van
was hurried to the Emergency Hospital,
where the injuries of both Ciscle and
Elliott were dressed.
GIVES WASHING OF VISIT.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.-Peter Elliott,
a maniac hailing from Minneapolis, made
a desperate effort to enter the apartments
of President Roosevelt !n the White
House to-day. He was disarmed only
after a terrific struggle, in which he at
tempted to use a revolver which he car
ried in a secret pocket of his clothing.
To-night the man occupies a cell In an in
sane asylum, having been promptly ad
judged a maniac and incarcerated.
Stricken Populace Sends Out
a Pitiful Appeal for
Succor.
Interesting Light Shed on
a Sensational Incident
on a Street.
Culprit Prove3 to Be a De
mented Socialist From
Minneapolis.
Rioters Murder and
Plunder in Rus
sian City.
Arrests for Battery
Reveal Perils of 1
Courtship. N
Tries to Use Revolver
When Overpowered
by Guards.
Report of Mohilev
Massacre Is Con
firmed.
Sacramento Youth
Incurs a Moth^
er's Ira
Maniac Attempts
to Reach tlie
President.
HUNDREDS
OF HEBREWS
ARE SLAIN
ARMED MAN
BATTLES IN
WHITE HOUSE
RASH LOVER
HOWLS UNDER
A HORSEWHIP
SAN IRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 19)3.
VOLU3l!E~~Sei : V^2sb. 128.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallNot only in the actual playing of golf,
but in the etiquette of the game, the'
American players, or some of them,
might, well learn something from the vis
iting Englishmen. An observer of all
the games, and a participant in the prac
tice rounds, states that there was a
marked difference between the Americans
and the Englishmen in their bearing
toward the caddies. The Americans
especially the college boys, were impa
tient if the caddie did not at once find
the ball after the drive. The English
men did not hurry or worry at all. They
alniost invariably said "Thank you"when
the caddie did a service for -which he
was being paid. They consulted 1 with the
caddie and usually accepted his Judgment
as of value/even lMt was sometimes in
error. And they did not run. One of the
caddies ; was - sent up the hill ; at Myopia
to Indicate the . direction 1 of the hole. . He
started to run up the, hill with his heavy
bag of clubs, Bfter a sharp command from
one of tie. college .boys.
"Don't^'run, ;, my.' lad," called' out the
Englishman for whom he was doing the
service, "we've got all the time that there
is."— Boston Transcript.
Etiquette on the Links.
The most ancient specimen of wood
carving known to exist, a statuette— it is
of sycamore— is In the museum of Glzeh,
at Cairo. It dates from B. C. 3900, su is
very nearly 6000 years old, and still the
wood Is as sound and good as if of re
cent date. It was found' at Sakkarao,
and Is supposed to represent one of the
overseers of the workmen engaged In
building the pyramids which abound In
the Immediate neighborhood and which
compartively recent dlscoveres have
proved to be the oldest of all the pyra
mids of Egypt. The statuette Is known
as the "Skeikd-el-Beled," or "Sheikh of
the Village," a name given to it by the
Arabs who found it, because its features
represented very closely those of the man
who was their own sheikh. In this spec
imen is seen a wonderful Instance of how
human nature, through the roll of thou
sands of years, keeps on repeating itself.
The statuette is distinctly a portrait,
showing a well-fed, closely-shaven man
of 50 or thereabout, altogether nude save
for a cloth bound by *- a leather girdle
about his loins and reaching down to his
knees. He stands erect and In the right
hand grasps a staff, but the latter Is not
generally considered to be a part of 'the
original. The exact height of the statu
ette is 3 feet Shi inches. A careful cast In
plaster of parls of this wonderful; old
carving was made, early in 1894 and may
now be seen in one of the Egyptian gal
leries of the British Museum.— Scientific
American."
Is in the Museum of Gizeh at Cairo.
Said to Date From B. C.
3000.
MOST ANCIENT SPECIMEN
OF WOOD-CARVING KNOWN
"It was unnecessary, in my opinion, for
the purpose of the statement to which I
had assented to assert that the contro
versy of 1846, which you described as tha
great lawsuit -between "tariff and • free
trade, is of no Interest whatever to us
except, from an historical point of view.
Nor. can I think that it was necessary to
assert that you desire to reverse or alter
fundamentally the . fiscal tradition that
has prevailed during the last two genera
tions.. I had hoped to find in your speech
a different statement of adherence to the
principle - of free trade- as the ordinary
basis of , our. fiscal and commercial system
and an equally definite repudiation of the
principle of protection in the interest 1 of
our national industries. But In their ab
sence ¦„ I ¦ cannot help thinking that such
declarations as those which I have quoted
cannot fail to have the effect of mate
rially encouraging the advocates of direct
protection in the controversy which 'shall
be raised , th roughout the country ' and dis
couraging, those who, like me, and,-- 1
hoped , i yourself, believe that , our \ present
system of free imports, and especially of
"I was prepared by our discussions for
your statement that you desired to ob
tain the sanction of the constituencies
for a reversal of the doctrine that taxa
tion should never be imposed except for
purposes of revenue, and this la no doubt
the principal and most definite^ statement
In your speech. But you may remember
that I told you that I thought It would
be very difficult to make thi3 statement
the foundation of a great announcement
of policy, inasmuch as I was not aware
of! any law or constitutional principle in
which this doctrine was embodied. I ad
mit that you have been understood as
making this declaration the basis of a
great political announcement, but in my
opinion that announcement has been ex
tended very far beyond the necessities of
the case.
STILL A FREE TRADER.
no Judgment could be formed until a dec
laration had been actually made." '
Continued from page 1, column 6.
The street railway companies of the
United States, . 937 . in number, make re
turns bhowing an Investment of $2,
308,000,000.
In an advertisement by a railway com
pany of some uncalled for goods the letter
"1" had dropped from the word "lawful"
and it read: "People to whom these pack
ages are directed are requested to come
forward and pay the awful charges on
the same."— Chicago Inter Ocean.
Not an Error Perhaps.
NEW REFORM PROGRAMME.
Foreign Consuls May Act as Council
of Administration.
PARIS, Oct. 5.— It is the expectation in
official quarters hero that the Russian-
Hungarian note to Turkey will soon have
practical results in the creation of the
foreign Consuls In Macedonia and other
disturbed districts as a council of admin
istration to carry out the reformatory
plans of the powers.
The Foreign Office is gratified at the
presentation of the Russo-Hungarian
note, as it fully takes into consideration
the wishes of France and Great Britain.
Therefore the note may be said to be
expressive of the desires not only of
Russia and Austria, but of air the Eu
ropean powers. The organization of a
council of the foreign Consuls Is already
under consideration.
The Turkish Embassador here pub
lished a note received from the Porte
declaring that Bulgaria has falsely rep
resented to the powers the situation in
Macedonia, and that the reports of vil
lages destroyed and of massacres are
untrue.
A Democratic Darkey.
A vear or two before his death Alex
ander Stephens, Vice President of the
former Southern Confederacy, told the fol
lowing to the writer with considerable
glee:
"I had to visit a certain Georgia town,
and before eoing there a friend men
tioned to me that there was an old negro
In the place who had never voted any
thing, but the Democratic ticket since the
right of suffrage was conferred on him.
He made his living carrying trunks to
and from the station. I obtained a de
scription of him and determined to throw
the usual fee to him. A Democratic ne
gro was a rarity down in Georgia then.
A dozen or more rushed up to me, but I
asked for the Democratic darkey. He
came forward smiling. After my arrival
at the hotel I asked if it was true that
he was a Democrat. He t,ald It was. I
then asked him if he knew the differ
ence between the Democratic and Repub
lican parties.
" 'Not came as you does, Bah, but ter
my mln' dar sho'ly am a dlfunce 'twix*
'em.' Being pressed further for Reasons,
he went on: 'Well, you see, sah, I makes
my Hvin* totin' tr. s, an* I ain' been
at de bizness long 'fo' I skivered dat
Democrats in dis neck er de woods, at
leas', was de only people what had trunks
fer me to tote. De 'Publicans mor'ly had
nan' satchels which dey toted deyse'f,
an' I come to de 'elusion monst'us quick
dat my intrusts was wld de Democrats.' "
Mr. Stephens thought the statement so
ludicrously logical from 'a business stand
point, and It was such a. lively hit at the
"carpet-baggers" of the Reconstruction
era in the South, that instead of 23 cents
he handed the. darkey a two-dollar bill.—
New York Commercial.
No Passes on That Line.
Peter Dressier, an old Pennsylvania
politician and long the Coroner of Alle
gheny County, had, among other traits,
a peculiar fondness for- free railroad
passes and never let an opportunity of se
curing one go by^ On one occasion he
was hearing evidence in a rather cele
brated case when a neatly dressed, gen
tlemanly appearing young man was called
to the witness chair. Looking him over
carefully the Coroner asked: "What's
your name?" "George*. Blank." "What's
your occupation?" "Secretary of the Y.
M. C. A." Turning to his clerk, the Coro
ner inquired: "John, have we got any
passes over that line?" — New York Sun. .
Nineteen men In this year's class at
Yale and fully as many at Harvard and
Columbia earned all their expenses.
Elliott was very reticent as to his for
mer history, and would not answer any
questions about himself. He is said to
have been a resident of this city more
than four years. He had no relatives in
this country so far as can be learned.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 5, — Peter Olsen
Elliott, also known as Peter Olsen, who
was taken into custody at the White
House to-day, is a -well-known South
Minneapolis character. Two weeks ago
he told his friends he was "going to
Washington to occupy the White House."
They thought he was Joking. He dis
appeared and nothing was heard of him
till to-day, when it was made known that
he had attempted to see the President. .
Elliott is of Danish birth and speaks
the Swedish language. His name was
formerly Olsen, which he changed about
a year ago, for personal reasons. He is
a strong Socialist, un anarchistic talker
and frequented the street corners in his
part of town. He Is a machinist.
SOCIALIST AND ANARCHIST.
Elliott Prominent on Street Corners
of South Minneapolis.
The Conservative organs admit that
there was nothing In the Duke's conduct
to JuBtify such ah outburst, and they ex
press regret that the Premier should
have been hastily betrayed Into a de
parture from his customary urbanity. The
Liberal papers believe that after the reve
lations of Balfour's conduct toward
Ritchie and Lord George Hamilton re
garding the concealment *of ghamberlaJh's
resignation, there is still hidden much of
the history of the Duke of Devonshire's
action, and they, point out that, having
sacrificed Chamberlain with the special
object of securing the Duke, the Premier
now finds himself deserted.
The Conservative Standard voices the
party regret that within six months a
great party and a strong Government
have gone to pieces, leaving only chaos,
and it expresses surprise that Balfour
hag the Idea of facing Parliament with
his Cabinet so grievously weakened.
Only one opinion is expressed in the edi
torials this morning on Balfour's letter,
namely, that it is a manifestation of his
dismay and disappointment at the loss of
his most important colleague and his
Bense of the damaging effect that the
Duke of Devonshire's withdrawal will
have on his administration.
PRESS FORESEES A CRASH.
In view of the general belief, however,
that the present combination constitutes
merely a stop-gap Ministry, there prob
ably will be less inclination to seriously
criticize the appointments.
are expressed as to the appropriateness
of sending him to such an important of
fice, although his ability is not called into
Question. '¦•>''_•¦{•;
declared he went to the White House
because the President asked him to come
and see him.
Continued from page 1, column 3.
Continued from, page 1, column 7.
With regard to the standard of weight
for growing children, that usually given
by authorities in the matter is that at 5
years of age a child should weigh about
as many pounds a3 it is inches high. As
a rule this will not be" much over or under
forty pounds. Children who come of larg»
families should weigh something more
than that. The rate of Increase should be
about two pounds for every inch of
growth, with a tendency for the weight to
exceed thl9 standard proportionately
rather than to fall below It. When a child
is rather heavier in proportion to its
height than this standard it is a sign of
good health. If the child is growing rap
idly, it should not be allowed to fall much
below it without being made to rest more
than has been the custom before. A defi
ciency of weight in proportion to height is
always an unfavorable sign. Any Inter
ruption in the progress of increase of
weight, especially during the continuance
of growth, must be a danger signal that
should not be neglected by those Interest
ed In the patient— Baltimore Herald.
The "Weight of the Children.
It 13 well understood, however, that the
King may go outside the regular service,
as he did in sending Sir Francis Bertie,
then Assistant Secretary of Foreign Af
fairs, as Embassador to Rome, an ap
pointment that annoyed several Ministers.
LONDON*, Oct. 5.— "While the Govern
ment is endeavoring: to maintain its res
olution not to consider the question of a
successor to Sir Michael Herbert at the
Washington embassy at present, there !a
reason to believe that much wire
pulling: is going- on. and that several
women prominent on both sides of tha
Atlantic are becomins interested- It is
known that after the death of Lord
Pauncefote the appointment of Sir
Michael Herbert was opposed by several
well-known New York persons, and a
prominent English woman, who was sup
posed to have the ear of the King, was
enlisted on their side, and that it waa
with great difficulty that the King's con
sent was obtained to Sir Michael's ap
pointment.
The. British Minister at The Hague is
reported to be the King's choice for tha
post of Embassador to Washington. Tha
King alone will make the selection, and
It is unlikely that the Premier or th«
Foreign Office will be requested to name
the Embassador.
The likeliest selection from the service
Is said to be Sir Arthur Nicholson, Brit
ish Minister to Morocco, who Is regard
ed as being In line for an embassy.
Either of these appointments would
please the service generally.
MANIAC BATTLES IH WHITE HOUSE
John J. Barrett represented the Chinese
Consul General in the matter and pro
duced a horde of witnesses- that swore
that the policeman first insulted Colonel
Tom and then felled him to the sidewalk
with a blow in the face. The witnesses
swore to the same story without varia
tion. They are Yee Shim, 737 Commercial
street; Chin Su Doon, Horn Yo Toy, Mok
Pung, Foong Sun, Owyang King of the
Chinese Consulate, Dong Gong and others
who professed to have been eyewitnesses
of the affair. Their testimony was to the
effect that on the day preceding the sui
cide of Colonel Tom they had been in at
tendance at a meeting and banquet of the
Chinese Merchants' Club, and at its con
clusion they escorted the Colonel to the
Consulate. \Vhen about ten yardB from
the door the Colonel bade them good-by.
with gas at the Chinese Consulate
on September 14, are to be believed, a se
rious reflection lies against the character
of Policeman John Kreamer. .
IF THE Chinese merchants and others
who testified yesterday at the in
* quest upon the body of Colonel Tom
. " Kim Yung, who suffocated himself
HEWCABINE7LACKING IN STRENGTH
Coroner Leland, in view of the serious
aspect of the testimony against the
patrolman, continued the inquest until
Friday, at 10 a. m., In order to enable
Officer Kreamer to produce his -witnesses.
The question was asked of several of
the witnesses whether it was the custom
in China for innocent men accused of
crime to commit suicide. They replied
that It. is the custom when a man of
noble character is falsely accused, where
it is difficult for him to obtain Justice or
a vindication, to commit suicide to prove
his innocence.
He was met by Policeman Kreamer in
full uniform, who took hold of him rudely
and made an Improper remark in pigeon
English. The Colonel shook off the po
liceman's grasp with an angry gesture,
whereupon Kreamer struck him a severe
blow in the face, knocking: him orone on
the sidewalk. Then Kreamer, placing two
fingers in his own mouth, whistled for
another policeman, who was near by.
The Chinese witnesses nearest the scene
called upon Colonel Tom to get away
from the officer and escape into the Con
sulate and he struggled desperately to do
so, but could not break away from his
captors.'
Take Hand in Selection.
of Great Britain's
Embassador.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE CHINESE COLONY WHO TESTIFIED
AT THE TOM KIM YUNG INQUEST TO THE EFFECT THAT PO
LICEMAN KREAMER WAS AT FAULT.
WOMEN PULLING
POLITICAL WIRES
food imports, is on the whole most ad
vantageous to the country, although we
do not contend that the principle on
which It rests has any such sanctity as
to forbid any departure from it for suffi
cient reasons.
WOULD AVOID CONTROVERSY.
"I have only ventured to make these
criticisms as an Illustration of different
points of view and I am very far from
wishing to enter Into any personal con
troversy with you.
"You have in your second speech said
that this subject could no longer be left
an open question among the members of
the Government, and I think I have said
enough to prove that no such agreement
on the general question exists as to make
it possible for me to be a satisfactory
exponent of your views or those of the
Government in the debates which must
inevitably take place in the next session
of Parliament
"I cannot adequately express the deep
regret which I feel in separating myself
from a Government with which I believe
myself to be In sympathy on all other
matters of public policy, or the anxiety
with which I anticipate the wide division
which I fear must result from the unex
pected scope and strength of your declar
ations of yesterday, in tho ranks of the
Unionist party; but, holding the opinions
which I have endeavored to express, no
other course is open to me but to ask
you to place my resignation in the hands
of his Majesty.
"I am yours sincerely, DEVONSHIRE."
SESOS' BITTER LETTER TO DUKE
"In Japan's viewpoint the commercial
point of the whole situation Is Korea.
Russia knows that we will fight to the
death rather than let any foreign power
occupy Korea. Russia's timber conces
sions there and the other recent initiative
she has exhibited in Korea render the
present negotiations extremely difficult,
but the horizon shows no cloud so dark
aa to threaten war. Great Britain, as our
ally, Is naturally cognizant of the trend
of our present negotiations, all of which
look toward peace. We have no reason
to believe that Russia's activity in se
curing dockyards for her Far Eastern
fleet is actuated by an Intention to pre
pare for hostilities any more than our.
own necessary provisions for the best
equipment for the convenience of our
army and navy." -^
© •i"i"i-i"i"i-:"i"i"i-i"i"i--i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i-i"i-o
The Japanese embassy in London has
given out the following statement of the
prevailing conditions:
"We are forced to believe that it is
physically Impossible for Russia to fulfill
her promise to evacuate Manchuria by
October 8, but we do not anticipate a
crisis on that account. It would be a
case of making the lesser include the
greater were we to break the negotiations
now In progress at Tokio because of Rus
sia's failure to keep her promise on the
exact date. So far as known here no
naval or military preparations have been
undertaken by Japan to meet any expect
ed emergency. We have hopes that a final
settlement may be reached between Rus
sia and ourselves that will settle once for
all our outstanding disputes.
WOULD FIGHT FOB KOREA.
No treaty however, has yet been signed
and it is unlikely that the negotiations
will be concluded by October 8, the date
on which Russia was to evacuate Man
churia. Russia's failure to evacuate
Manchuria on that day. however, will not
precipitate a diplomatic crisis, as Japan,
rather than break off the negotiations
covering broadly all the Issues between
herself and Russia, is willing to strain a
point regarding Manchuria in the hope of
arriving at a satisfactory settlement. In
all of this the British Government ac
quiesces.
Such features of Immediate danger as
the Far Eastern situation at present ap
pear to be confined solely to the popular
agitation in Japan against Russia after
October 8. This, however, Is being taken
into consideration by the Japanese Gov
ernment, whose diplomats have warned
Russia that while the Japanese Govern
ment will not allow its hand to be forced
to the extent of entering into hostilities
over the Manchurian evacuation question,
it cannot Indefinitely prolong the present
negotiations at Tokio in face of the ex
pected popular clamor..
JAPAN YIELDS A POINT.
LONDON, Oct. 5.— No apprehension ex
ists in the minds of British Government
officials or the diplomatists in London
that the Far Eastern situation will bring
forth any immediate aerious develop
ments. This feeling of temporary secur
ity on the eve of the day that Russia
should, but admittedly will not, evacuate
Manchuria, Is due to assurances on the
part of Japan that so long as the negoti
ations now^proceeding between herself
and Russia "present a reasonable prospect
that a settlement will be reached Japan
will take no action hostile to Russia in
the matter of Manchuria. It is learned
further, that tnese negotiations, looking
to a final settlement of the Russo-Japan
ese sphere of influence In the Far East
and especially dealing with the situation
in Korea, are progressing satisfactorily
at Toklo.
PARIS, Oct. 5.— The Russian Govern
ment has made It known that Japanese
mobilization of troops for transportation
to Korea does not, up to to-day, consti
tute an unfriendly act against Russia.
At tha same time the Russian Govern
ment is being kept fully advised as to the
extent and nature ot Japan's military and
naval mobilization. It appears from these
official sources that Japan *hus far has
embarked three divisions of troops' and
the Japanese fleet is now between Chem
ulpo and Fusan. The ships continue un
der steam, but nothing is known beyond
this concerning their purposes. ,, '•; i
It is paid that the Catholic Archbishop
of Phllippopolis has sent the Pope a long
account of the situation in the vilayet of
Adrlanople and has begged his Holiness
to intercede to prevent the continuance
of the massacres and atrocities. The
refugees at the Rila monastery are now
said to total 5000. . rV
The frontier authorities on the Phlllp
popolis frontier announce that the
Turkish forces have retired from their
pests, to a distance of several kilometers
Inward. This step is regarded as a ruse
to allow the crossing of the bands, in
order to throw the responsibility for
subsequent occurrences in Macedonia
upon Bulgaria.
Between the election and the war prepa
rations, the Ministry is confronted by an
awkward constitutional predicament. The
time of a large p.ortion of the reserves
called to the colors should expire three
days before the election, but the consti
tution provides that all temporary ser
vice men should be released five days
before the election. It appears that the
Government must either discharge the
men and leave the country exposed to the
danger of a sudden Turkish invasion, or
risk a state trial and a conviction, which
would mean long terms of imprisonment.
Such a contingency cannot be lightly re
garded In a country -where party strife
Is so bitter as in Bulgaria. Apparently
the Government's only salvation lies In a
political victory, after which the Sobranje
could set aside any convictions.
According to a dispatch from the Rlla
monastery, a large party of fugitives
from Razlog and Godlevo, while crossing
the frontier on Sunday morning, was con
tinuously fired upon by" the post at
Aiguedik. The Turks followed the fugi
tives into Bulgarian territory and killed
two of them.
An Identical copy of the Austro-Russian
note to Turkey has been presented to
Premier Petroff and the Austrian and
Russian representatives received instruc
tions at the same time to make serious
representations to the Bulgarian Govern
ment to the effect that the powers ex
pect Bulgaria to take such action as will
prove that she is making- a loyal en
deavor to assist the work of pacification.
Falling this Bulgaria was warned that
she will be exposed to the most cruel dis
aster. This letter cf warning Is "held to
mean a Turkish invasion of Bulgaria and
a repetition of the Macedonia atrocities
in Bulgaria itself. The foregoing, com
bined with the continued reports of small
frontier conflicts, haa renewed the war
rumors and induced the feeling that the
situation is precarious.
Dr. Tartajcheff, the president of the
Macedonian committee, says he does not
regard the new note more seriously than
the former or.es. He declares that any
By8texn of European control is useless,
unless it has the power to enforce the re
forms, entirely independent of the Porte.
SOFIA, Oct. 5. — The Austro-Russian
note to the - Porte, published yesterday,
has been received somewhat skeptically
in official circles here, and, among the
Macedonian organizations, with utter
disbelief that any good can come from it.
One point on which all parties
are agreed is that action la the
only satisfactory pledge of reform
that the Ottoman Government can
give. The Bulgarian Government Is
anxious to see> the promised details of
the new measures, but it is argued that
if they are too stringent Turkey may pre
fer war to accepting them, while If they
are not stringent enough they certainly
will be useless. \
Three Divisions of Troops Have Al
ready Embarked Witli Korea
as Their intimate Scene
, .. . of Action.
Sultan's Soldiers Pursue Fugitives
Across the Border and Slay
on Bulgarian
Destination of the Mikado's
Fleet Is Still in
Insurgents Expect Turkey to
Ignore the Latest
Warning.
Russia Watching Mili
tary and Naval Mo
bilization.
Russia and Austria Fail
to. Pacify Mace
donians.
Chinese Witnesses Swear That Their Countryman Was Not
Molesting Any One and Was Assaulted by Officer Kreamer
After .Having Been Wantonly and Grossly Insulted
DISTURBED
BY JAPAN'S
MOVEMENTS
JOINT NOTE
NOT TAKEN
SERIOUSLY
TOM KIM YUNG'S DEATH
CHARGED TO POLICEMAN
THE SA3SI FB AKCISOO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1903.
2
To Cure a Cold ;i in One Day
Take- Laxaf'v? Bromo Quinine Tablets, -AH
flruKKUtu • ii\-~.* the money If it fails to cure.'
E. '.'W, v C i *ow'a. denature la on each box. 25c.*
adv5:bt;.tse:m:ests.
f0&^W*BlYTlM
Positively cured by these
Uttlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress Croni Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Ilczrty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Moutli, Coated Tongue
Paul In t! iC Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHi. Small Dose.
f -T" 1 " _*" " "'3
[ Famous the World
Ovcr—Full^Matured,
j +?ctd Everywhere. l
HILntZKT MERCANTILE CO.. K
1 , Pacific Coast Agents. f
" -&
Feel Your Pulse
I: it brats fast, then slow — skips
brats, your heart .is wenk and should
be treated at once. Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure is tlie best nnd safest remedy.
Guidon ciu- rint '-e. Sped icr Lcnii on ih»- heart.
IB. MTU** KKmCAL Co.. EtUhari. led.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fraa-
cl«M> as follow* :
For Kt-tchikan. Wranpcl.
Jur.e&u, Haines, Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
3. 8. 13. 18. 23. £S. Now 2.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Towntend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m. Oct. 3, S. !
33, 18, ¦ 2."{, 58, Nov. 2 Change at Seattle to J
this company" o steamers for Alaska and G. N. |
P.y.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at '
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka <Humbcl(!t Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. ill., Oct. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25, 31. Nov. 6; Corona,
l:3v)'n. m.. Oct. 4. 10. 16. 22, £H, Nov. 3.
For hto* Ar.reles (via Port Loe AnKeles and I
JUdoudo). Ban flejro and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. P a. m.
Ftste cf California, Thursdays. 8 a. m.
For Los Arxcles (via San Pedro and Ea?i j
Pan Pedro), Eanta Barbara, Sar.ta Crui, Mon-
t<r<>y, San SImeor.. Cayuc<<K. Port Harford iSaa
Lule Ot.Upo). Ventura and Huencme.
Coos Uty. a a. in.. Oct. R. lfi. 2-t. Ncv. 1.
Bor.Ua. 9 a. m.. Oct. 4. 12. 20. 2*<. Nov. 3.
For Kr.Fenada, Magtialena Bay. San Joee de! i
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par, Santa Ro-
palia. Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7lh or each
month.
For further lnforr^atlon obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sall-
"TICXET OFFICES — 4 New Montgora-
«>ry ttreet (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street anj
Headway -wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C V. Dl'NANN. General rassenper ARcnt. |
10 Market street, San Francisco.
AMERICAN LI2?E.
NETT YOUK-SiilTHAMl-iOX— LONDON.
Phils.. .Oct. 14. 10 amJN. York.Oct 28,10 am
Et. Louis. O^t 21. in am'rhila Nov 4 30 am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT I.IZ7X:.
New York — Iicncon Direct.
lit, a amilJineap'M.Oct. 24, S am
Mn^fka.Oct. 17.1 :30rm ! Minh # ha. Oct. 31.1:."0pm
Only Fir<?t-c).iF.« Pcssfnr-rj Carried.
DO2HXTIO1T XillfS.
Boston — Qaeensto-vra — Liverpool.
Mayflower Oct. S jNm- England. . .Oct £9
Oo!umbuE(new).Oct. 15; Mayflower Nov. S ',
• Vmmonwoalth.Oet. 22iColuml>u» Nov. VI
Montreal — Liverpcol — S^iort sea passage
Dominlr.n Oct. 10 Canada Oct. 31
SouthwiLrk Oct. 17 ; Pouthwark Nov 7
Boston Igsditerranean .w«i
AZOnF.S-GIKUALTAR-X.U'LKS-GKNOA.
Vancouver Sat. Oct 11 Nov 21
Cambronan .' '.Sat. Oct. 31
BED STAS Z.INS.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
r inland.. Oct. in. 10 arn'Kroon'M.Oct. 24,10am
Vad'land.Oct. 17.10 amiZenlsnd. Oct 31,10 am
WKITE STAB LUTE.
New York — Queenstown — Llveroool.
Sailing Wfdn'Wiays and Fridays.
Cedric Oct. 9. 7 am:(>lt!c..Oct. 10, 1:30pm
Armenian. Oct. l".10amOccanic. . .Oct. 21. <\ am
MaJertio.Oct. 14. noon'Cyir.ric.Oct. 23. 7 am 1
C. D. TATLOR. Passencor Aftent Pacific Coa?t. j
21 Post Bt., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sppt. 30. Oct. 10 20 30
Nov. 0. 19. 29. "Georce W. Elder" sails 'Oct'
r., 15. 25. Nov. 4, J4, 24. Only steanuhip line
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, nil rail or steamship and rail at
L/OWEST RATES. Steamer tickets Include
Ix-rth end meals. Steamer Fails foot of Spear
ft. at 11 a. m. S. F. UOOTH. G»n. Art. Pass
I>ept-. 1 Montgomery St.; C CLIFFORD, Gen.
Apt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery et.
TOYO'.klSEN KAISHA..-
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Eteajorrs. will leave wharf, corner Ftrrt and
P-rannan street*, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting- at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
*-arpo receired on board on day of sailing.
6. 6. NIPPON MARU
Thursday, October 15. 1903
8. E. AMnniCA MAHU
Tuesday. November 10. 1903
{=. S. HONGKONG MAHU j
Thursday, Df^cember 3, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
ratre. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
6 s VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land an4 Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 8, 2 p. m.
p P. ALAMEI'A, for Honolulu, Oct. 17. 11 «. m
p.S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 26, II a. m.
ii.SfFECm.Si ESCS.C9.. ljX ridtiCUb.MS EarWS
COKPAGNIE GEHEBALE TEAKEATLANTIQUE.
I31UECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Jtj^m^
.•-ailing every Thursday !r.siea<J of f&kK&k
f aturday, at 10 a. tr... from Pier 42, *5miaE?
North lilver. foot of Morton «t.
First-claj-s to Havre. 170 and upward. 6©c-
cnd-clase to Ha\-re. ?45 nnd upward. GEN-
FRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 22 Broadway (Hudson Bulldlnr).
Nrw York. J. F. FIGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Cosst
Acents. 5 Montpomery avenue. San Francisco.
T^ketn foM bv all Ttailr^wii Tl"k«»t Agents.
Kare Islaafl and Vallejo Eteamer a.
eteamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
fl-45 * in., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Funday, 0:45 *. in.. S:30 p. m. Leav^ Vallejo.
7 a m 12:^0 noon, 0 p. tn., ex. Sunday. Sun.
dar 7 a m 4:15 p. m. Fare. DO cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. iiisalcn-et. dock. HATCH
liROS. i
SSMSSwYw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'Ijjjjl^jpgp^ Ijjj For Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
AV'egetablePrcparalionforAs- "M ; v;- a
similatingtheFoodandBeguIa- m ... g
ling the Stomachs andBowels of M .beSTS tllB 0 4
gBSS^^BSBSS^^^ ?jl q. . / Of JftJ
Promotes Digeslion.Chcerful- m $ d ILv
ness and Rest.Con tains neilher m n f jfL J? m h
Opium,Morphine nor^lincral. ifg vll g |\ *\ \J
i>t)l rtAltLUilti ji *\\ \\ \ Jt
IteipccfCld-nrSAI-SUZlPtTClTER i| ll/l*^
J^rnplaa Set/" v djia .¦ ff M
RoAelUSJit- | m 4*P^ m. I ft
SmxS*** % Jt » ¦• ¦ 111
flEtiU*. J I (\ lA* '"
flEganu / i M T 9 || c0
AperfeclRemedyforConstipa- a* I m wV *" w w
"Ron, Sour Stomach.Diarrhoea f ; I \bf M -^
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- '!$\ \ gf  illffisf
j\css and Loss of Sleep, g \/» |" |J | UVul
Tac Simile Signature of S
G&tffzoc&K I ihifflf YP9TQ
new vork. 1 1 I II Illy luwlO
THC CCHT«U« eOKMNY. NtW MM CrTV.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I RESTOEE STRENGTH.
Thousands of men are mere pygmies of what
nature Intended them — backward, over-«ensi-
/r£5&*\ tlve. fearing to venture delicate' easily dls-
W&ftW f T\. couras?ed. ghnrt of breath, weak-nervfcl. Uck-
wujjp £J ' naf ln K'lt. the '"sand" which In the possession
W&. 3 ot vigorous health. They need Electricity,
j^lV > which Is animal vitality. It is the foundation
J * - vV ot a11 rIgor - II l3 * h « fuel *o * he «*lne which
\\ja runs the human machine. Electricity, as I
5^ Ff^C 8 CPly It, 13 «¦ source of new life to all parts of
Dr. McLaughlln's Electric Belt
fcjSSBM>MiB8iA MBmBT^ Ilestores the snap, the vim and vigor of
T^WmSraMMHV- \l youth. Any man tvho wears It can he a g'ar.t
N OtlffllScai'iMK'iSy *\ ln mental & r»a physical envelopment. Me .
a^IK //8wl»&5w$X§*/^" i\ are you wealc . h * ve > ou pntns In tha bacK.
S ,*J >* varicocele weak 8tom.*ch. constipation, lum-
i J/^\f<^Sf^&iM£I^^^JuyC^ ta S°. rheumatism, enlarge*! prostate Kland or
any of tha results of enrly dissipation or over-
jTSO!^ SyPSSP*^ /£%CZ*J^~ work? My metho.l of applying Electricity
, i- I P-*~t5flBr / •wfci wtalU you deep at night will cure you. It
I fh- / /i\TY$ ' > Jy* \ C113 the noves with tha flre of life.
<YHl/*CC&N?W^ vC^x read tkis evidence i
/ ArXsArYJI lCVVv^ \Sw Th * nervoui weakness I complained of the
> J J S.> W X last Bix or 8even months has entirely gone.
/v fLSt/I i/fl\\^W»* V Your B«lt cured me In two months. Th* D«lt
KVVVJ. fer * I iriW \. ' Ml- alao done wonders for my son. who had a
\\VJuSX I /I I \ bad case- of rheumatism. Since my cur« I have
\i \j ' I \ praised your Belt to many doctors •¦ well as
vy/V*. v others, an.l will continue to do so.
" Yours sincerely,
H. W. TOUNO, Port Harford. CM.
I had been suffering for over ten years from nervous exhaustion and sreat weakness
of vital force, and had tried all kinds of medlclres and many doctors without relief when
I commenced 'the use of your Belt, but sixty days after doing so 1 was completely cured
OWEN ORR. Garvanza. Cal.
For twenty years I have studied Electricity as applied to the upbuilding of strength
and my method of treatment, now tried and succntful, la th* result of my study and ex-
perience.
. '. Electricity Is life to the weak parts and to the nerves of the body. They cannot Hv«
without it. Get back tha power and make yourself a man among men.
WRITE TO-DAY FOR MY FREE tLLUST RATED BOOK AND FULL INFORMATION.
Dr. McLaughlin's book is published for free distribution to those Interested In the
development of vigorous health in men and women. It Is profusely Illustrated and describes
my method of treatment and appliances. Sent sealed free on request. Send for It to-day
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, •KJKK.SSE?-
Office Hours-^-8 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. ,*^r»PASO ROBLES' COMMITTEE
MEN AND THE CAMP OF
THE CANTONS.
Rule degree by Oriental Encampment at the
Opera-house at 8 p. m.
Thursday — Grand street parade at 11:30 a.
m.; barbecue for 6000 people 1 p. m.. Grand
Lodge degree I. O. O. F. Hall 2 p. m.. ladles 1
fancy drill by San Francisco Rebekah Drill
Corps and band concert at drill ground at 3
p. m., Rebekah assembly session at 1. O. O. F.
Hall at 4 p. m.; prand reception and banquet
to State officers of Rebekah assembly at 9 p. m.
Friday— Competitive prize drill by visiting
cantons at drill ground at 1 p. m.; military
drees parade and distribution of prizes, deco
ration of chivalry, fancy drill by Rebekah
r>rill Corps, and grand ball at Alliance Hall
in the evening.
Saturday — Dress parade In forenoon and ex
cursions to Lake Tsabel In the afternoon.
San Diego Is on hand with a strong del
egation working for next year's session
of the Grand Encampment. The delegates
have established headquarters and are
keeping open house. Badges are being
numerously worn bearing the Inscription
"San Diego, 1904."
Vallejo and San Jose are also known
to be out for the prize, and a contest may
develop.
niCHMOND. Va., Oct. 5.— General Bradley
T. Johnson died to-day at Rock Castle,
Goochland . County, - the residence of his eon.
He was a native of Maryland and at the out
break of the civil war cast his fortunes : with
the Confederacy. He rose to his high rank In
the Confederate . army by I reason of gallantry
and was prominent in Richmond and State
politics . for some time after ' the war.
MANILA, Oct., 5.— Trade statistics show
that the exports from the Philippine Isl
ands have increased fully 20 per cent
during the past year, the total amount
ing in value to $33,696,587. The imports de
creased slightly during the same period.
Philippine Trade Steadily Increases.
The adherents of William S. Devery
held a convention to-night and formally
nominated him for Mayor. •
At the convention "of the Independent
Populist party, held to-night William S.
Devery was nominated for Mayor.
Fornes broke silence to-day by issuing
a statement that he,, like Grout, had con
sulted with the Mayor relative to his ac
ceptance of a Democratic nomination to
which he says, the Mayor appeared to per
ceive no objection. Fornes also said that
he would not retire from either ticket,
although he- would take no legal action
to compel his retention on that of the
fusionists.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The only decisive
movement to-day In the political cam
paign was taken by the convention of the
Greater New York Democracy, led by
John C. Sheehan, which to-night unani
mously adopted resolutions denouncing
the course of the Citizens 1 Union and Re
publican conventions, declaring that the
organization now stood on a purely party
basis and pledging its support to the
Democratic ticket headed by McClellan,
Grout and Fornea.
The Citizens' Union adjourned until to
morrow without coming to any decision
regarding the fusion candidates for
Comptroller and Aldermanic President.
It Is now ," definitely settled that, what
ever action the fuslonists may take,
Grout and Fornes will remain on the
Tammany ticket. Grout resolutely re
fuses to be ousted from the fusion ticket,
and declares his determination to defend
his position in the courts. In response to
a statement issued by " Mayor " Low this
morning declaring that he had no recol
lection of a second conversation with Mr.
Grout, the latter replied caustically to the
effect that the Mayor's failure to remem
ber could not be considered a direct de-
Greater New Yprk De
mocracy to Stand
by the Ticket.
GIVES SUPPORT
TO M'CLELLAN
BALTIMORE Md., Oct. 5.— The conference
between the officials and employes of th» Bal
timore and Ohio Road ended to-day In an ami
cable settlement.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Oct. 5.— Former Post
master General Blssell Is said to be dying.
Dr. Sherman, who has been attending
Blssell, said after an all night vigil at
the bedside of his patient:
Mr. BisseU Is In a very -critical condition.
He may live through the day. but I cannot un
dertake to eay whether he will live any longer.
His condition Is desperate.
Dr. Roswell Park, Dr. John Parmenter
and Dr. Charles Carey were called Into
consultation by Dr. Sherman to-night.
All agreed that the case was hopeless.
Physician Attending Former Post
master General Holds Out Small
Hope of His Recovery.
BISSEIX'S CONDITION
SAID TO BE CBITICAL
A reign of tenor exists everywhere at
Ciudad Bolivar, and consequently trade
Is paralyzed.
President Castro's representative at
Ciudad Bolivar was reported as saying:
"Germany and the other foreign pow
ers obliged the Venezuelan Government to
pay millions. Now it is Venezuela who
forces the Germans and other foreigners
to reimburse her."
PORT OF SPAIN, Island of Trinidad,
Oct. 5.— Emissaries of President Castro of
Venezuela have arrived at Ciudad Boli
var, Venezuela, with orders to collect
forcibly not only the taxes, but custom
house duties already paid by Importers
from May, 1902, to August 1, 1903, the
period during which the revolution
ists occupied that city as Government de
facto. The amount demanded is about
$1,000,000.
The foreigners, especially the firms of
Blohm & Co.. German; Palazzl & Co.,
French; Boccardo & Co., Italian, and Dal
ton & Co., American, have refused to
pay, claiming the duties had been already
legally paid.
Menaces and vexatious tactics are em
ployed against the foreigners. Heir
Sprlck, a German, refused to pay back
duties, and a cargo of rum belonging to
him, which was being landed from a
steamer, was seized by the Government
and sold at public auction for almost
nothing. The German merchants in this
manner lost 525,000. Venezuelan mer
chants who refuse to pay, having no pro
tection, are Imprisoned.
Try to Collect Forcibly
Taxes and Duties
Already Paid.
CRSTRO'S AGENTS
VEX FOREIGNERS
Tuesday — Grand Encampment convenes at
Opera-house at 10 a. m., subordinate mem
bers convene at I. O. O. F. Hall, dress parade
at 5:3ij d. m.. promenade concert In park at
7 p. m. Reception at Assembly Hall.
Wednesday — Grand Encampment session 10
a. m.. band concert by Second Patriarch Mili
tant band 2 p. m., promenade concert at Alli
ance Hall 8 p. m., conferring patriarchal de
gree by Golden Gate Encampment and Golden
exhibition drills during the week, me
following programme has been outlined
for the four days' business sessions:
Hotel Ei Paso de Robles is the head
tjuarters for the delegates and ladies, and
the Patriarchs Militant are camping in
the city park. General H. O. Brower has
with him upon his staff Lieutenant
Colonel J. W. Harris, chief of staff; Ma
jor George S. ¦ Naisrnlth, assistant adju
tant general; Major C. E. Benedict, as
eistant quartermaster general; Major F.
L. Turpin, assistant commissary general;
Major John Thompson, assistant chief of
equipment; Major A. D. McClellan, as
elstant sjrg-eon general; Major George T.
Bhaw, assistant judge advocate general;
Colonel L. L. Alexander, brigadier chap
lain; Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Martin,
aid-de-camp. and Captain Williams, ban
nerette. The military quarters have been
named Camp Brower, and the tents are
located in the city park among spreading
oaks. The cantons represented are Santa
Rosa No. 23, San Diego No. 22, Vallejo No.
16. RIdgely No. 15, Orion No. 12, Oakland
"No. 11. San Jose No. 9, San Francisco No.
,5, Eureka No. 35, Xapa No. 34, Santa Cruz
No. 33, WatsonviUe No. 32, Bakersfield
No. 21, Fresno No. 30, Ventura No. 29 and
Riverside No. 35. Todd's Second Patriarch
Militant band is camped with the cantons.
To-night a grand reception and military
ball was given at Alliance Hall. The San
Francisco Rebekah Drill Corps has ar
rived and established headquarters at
Blackburn Hall. The corps Is commanded
by. Captain Mattie Thomas. It will give
Among the well-known members of the
order who arrived are Past Grand Patri
arch A. P. Lord of Nevada City, Past
Grand Patriarch Guamow, just returned
from attending the Sovereign Grand
Lfidge at Baltimore, and General H. O.
Erower of San Francisco, commander of
the cantons.
pendent Order of Odd Fellows of
California, that convenes here to-morrow.
The ppeclal from San Francisco brought
about 500. and to-night there are fully 1000
members, delegates, cantons and Rebe
kahs quartered about the city.
Epecial DUpatch to The Call.
PASO ROBLES, Oct. 5.— Each train
to-day brought its contingent to
this city for the session of the
Grand Encampment of the Inde-
Lions, Monkeys and Parrots Give
Many Proofs of the
Tendency.
Professor Cesare Lombroso, the Italian
scientist skilled In detecting traces of ab
normality, explains In the North Ameri
can Review the Imperfections of the left
handed.
People who are' more agile with the
left than with the right hand are most
numerous among "women, children, sav
ages and criminals." The percentages Is
about 4 per cent among men (operatives
and soldiers), 5 to S per cent among wo
men and about the same among lunatics.
But among criminals Professor Marro
found 13 per cent of the men and 22 per
cent of the women left-handed. Swindlers
offered a greater percentage— no less than
33— and murderers and ravishers only
from 9 to 10 per cent.
Professor Lombroso also discusses the
far more complex subject of "left-sided
ness." Certain people are more sensitive
upon the left side than upon the right.
This condition has no connection with
left-handedness, and Is highest In lunatics
—44 per cent. V
Parrots are left-handed and so are lions.
Rollet found in twenty- seven monkeys
the left shoulder heavier than the right
Women, children and primitive races
make gestures and simple movements
from right to left. This is why women
button their garments In a different direc
tion from men, and why early languages,
like the Arabic, are written from right to
left. Very old chronometers were wound
from right to left, not from left to right,
as at present.
However, Professor Lombroso hedges
by saying: "One- can without difficulty
find among good 1 * men real left-hancled
ness, as among the great evil-doers there
are some who have not that characteris
tic. I do not dream at all of saying that
all left-handed people are wicked, but
what left-handedness, united to -many
other traits, may contribute to form one
of the worst characters among the human
species."— Baltimore Herald.
There are occasional signs of anxiety
for fear that John D. Rockefeller will get
all the money there is, says Harper's
Weekly. Mr. Rockefeller has not lately
seen fit to publish his estimate of the
value of his posessions, but sanguine
guessers rate him nowadays as pretty
nearly a billionaire, and the most conser
vative computers believe he has more
than half a billion. It would be impos
sible to say what is the total wealth of
the United States, but the assessed valua
tion of the several States for 1902 amount
ed to about thirty-five billions. Even if
Mr.' Rockefeller has a whole billion, there
is something left for the rest of us. But
his fortune, they tell us, is probably in
creasing by as much as fifty millions a
year, and is not unlikely to double within
ten years. Already his financial power is
enormous, so that he could influence stock
values very materially if he chose, and,
at times, make or unmake ordinary mil
lionaires by mere whispers at the tele
phone.
. Malevolence Is not attributed to him,
nor is he felt to be a mischief maker, but
the feeling is that his business abilities
are so surpassing and his business Judg
ment so unapproachably sound that he
can't help seeing and Improving chances
to make millions more. To. discuss him Is
as little' of an impertinence as to discuss
the comet. He is a force. 64 years old,
moving through the earth's atmosphere,
and believed to be rapidly increasing in
weight and velocity. Persons who fear
they are in his orbit and may be pinched
may -find some relief, in considering that
even though :his. fortune increases very
rapidly 'its growth may long be fed by the
increase of wealth in the. country.
Some Fear That in Time He Will
Have All the Money There Is
>'';¦: :'/rin the World.
THE CONSTANT INCREASE OF
ROCKEFELLER'S WEALTH
MAASLIAS, Holland, Oct. 5. — The French
lugger President Carnot has been wrecked off
the Hook of Holland. Thirteen persons were
drowned.
ANIMALS AND BIRDS
SHOW LEFT-HANDEDNESS
MADISONVILLE, Tenn.. Oct. 6.— "Hick"
Hose, who recently made his escape from Jail
here, to-day shot and killed Thomas Morton,
a well-to-do citizen, and perhaps fatally
wounded T. O. Dugan. The two men were
members of a posse that had surrounded Rose
twelve miles from Madisonvllle. A Sheriff's
posse Is now in pursuit of Rose.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Oct. 5.— Simon
Yandes, a wealthy philanthropist, died to-day.
Last week Councilmen Mathews. Hub
bard and Murray voted to allow the bill,
notwithstanding it three times exceeded
the limit. City Attorney Brown had given
it as his opinion that as It was an emer
gency It was legal.
Mayor Worswick, however, to-day re
fused to sanction it. He claimed that
Byron could not be a contractor, as it was
an illegal contract. He said Byron was
entitled to $31 50 for material furnished
and superintending the work, and the em
ployes who worked on the chimneys were
each entitled to their pay, but that the
bills must be separate.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 5.— The City Council re
ceived a rude awakening this afternoon
when Mayor Worswick vetoed a bill for
$347 allowed D. J. Byron last week and
quoted charter provisions. ..*•/,
Councilman Hubbard, after the recent
earthquake, gave Byron the Job of repair-
Ing the chimneys on the City Hall, which
were badly cracked. This work amounted
to $3*7. It is provided by the charter, that
all work In excess of $100 must be let by
bids.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At least two California companies
are numbered among those ' which
will develop the Alaskan fields. Chancel
lor & Canfleld of Los Angeles own a large
tract. They have one rig in operation
and will soon ship north two more. The
Union Oil Company of California has lo
cated a large area near Martin River and
will ship north two standard rigs for its
exploitation.
The largest tract under one control com
prises 70,000 acres and Is owned by an
England company composed of English
and Canadian operators. They are In
stalling four well-boring plants. T. S.
Lippy is president of the Alaska Steam,
Coal and Petroleum Company, which has
20,000 acres. Its first well Is 2000 feet deep,
penetrating three oil strata. With an
other rig it is intended to sink 3000 feet.
Among other heavy operators are the
Alaska Oil Syndicate, owning 30,000 acres;
the Cudihee Company, Kayaka Oil Com
pany and Spokane Syndicate.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 5.— Little oppor
tunity exists for new companies or indi
viduals to secure oil lands in the fields of
Southern Alaska, according to news
brought by the steamship Bertha from
Kayaka, Twenty large concerns, most of
them Incorporated companies, have ob
tained control of nearly all the land em
braced In what is known to be the oil
bearing area.
The oil fields He chiefly about Kayaka
and surrounding Controller Bay. They
vary in width from seven miles at Yaka
taga to twenty-five miles at Copper River.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAYOR STARTLES
THE COUNCILMEN
Tyner had been connected with the
postal service In many Important capaci
ties for many years. He was Postmaster
General from July 12, 1S76, to March 12,
1877, and subsequently held the offices of
First Assistant Postmaster General and
Assistant Attorney General, from which
office he was dismissed by Postmaster
General Payne last spring, following Mrs.
Tyner's abstraction of papers from the
safe. Tyner is nearly 80 years old and is
in grave physical condition from paraly
sis. Barret is a nephew of Tyner and
was appointed from North Carolina. He
was Assistant Attorney General until De
cember 31, 1900, when he resigned to take
up his law practice.
Metcalf has been in the postal service
since February, 1SS2, and was superin
tendent of the money order system from
September, 18S7, until his recent summary
dismissal. He was appointed from Iowa,
The gathering of evidence in Barret's
case proved more difficult than In any
other postal case. This is attributed by
the postoffice authorities to Barret's legal
knowledge, his familiarity with depart
mental matters and more especially to
the plea of administrative discretion
which he set up in defense of his acts.
Attention was called to-day by the au
thorities to an opinion which Barret ren
dered as acting Assistant Attorney Gen
eral regarding the use of the mails in so
called bond Investment schemes. In that
decision. Barret said that while certain
of the plans of the operation then before
him were In some instances against the
postal laws, he was thoroughly convinced
that the base underlying the bond invest
ment proposition was sound, and suggested
the elimination of several features of the
schemes in order to remove objections.
This decision was Issued In circular form
on December 5, 1900, and at the close of
that month Barret entered upon his pri
vate practice, in which he is alleged to
have represented bond investment compa
nies. ¦'¦¦' '<¦¦
TYNER IS SERIOUSLY ILL.
secured in the investigation had now been
placed before the Grand Jury and passed
on and approximately thirty different per
sons indicted as the result of the probing
that has been in progress since last
spring. He said It had not been deter
mined whether there were any adminis
trative reforms needing legislation by
Congress, but that many reforms had
been made from time to time as the in
vestigation progressed.
BIG COMPANIES
GUARD THE OIL
The charge against. Hallenbeck and the
Metcalfs is that of conspiracy to defraud
the United States. The company of which
Hallenbeck Is at the head had a contract
with the United States to furnish the
postal service with its money order
blanks. The new charge against Machen
Is that of accepting a bribe in connection
with the delivery of badges worn by
rural free delivery carriers, which were
made by Charles J. Heller of Philadel
phia. There are two new indictments
against Beavers, one of them charging
him with accepting $25 each on a number
of books sold to the Government by Scott
Towers and others, alleging misconduct
In the purchase of stamp canceling ma
chines from W. D. Doremus. Towers is
also indicted in connection with Beavers
on the charge of agreeing to pay Beavers
$25 on each machine. Doremus is indicted
for defrauding the Government in the sale
of his canceling machines.
PLEASED WITH JURY'S WORK
Postmaster General Payne expressed
great satisfaction to-day at the conclusion
of the postofflce Investigation, culminat
ing In to-day's Indictments. He said that
he expected to have the report of Brls
tow in his hands within ten days, and
that Jt would undoubtedly soon.be given
to the President. The report will consist
of about 350 typewritten pages of approxi
mately 300 words each. The next steps
now, he said, were the trial of August
W. Machen, former head of the free de
livery system, which Is to be in this city;
the trial of Daniel Miller, formerly law
clerk In the Postofflce Department,- and
of Attorney Johns, who was indicted with
Miller, that trial taking place in Cincin
nati. The case of George A. C. Chris
tiancy, who was acting as Assistant At
torney General of the Postofflce Depart
ment during Tyner's prolonged absence. 1
and who was given an indefinite leavfe of
absence as a result of permitting Mrs.
Tyner: to remove papers from the safe in
his office, will be disposed "of soon. His
resignation has been In the hands of the
Postmaster General for months, but ac
tion on it was deferred until the conclu
sion of the Investigation. Payne will call
upon Assistant Attorney General Roberts
for a report and it will be decided then
whether Christlancy's resignation will be
accepted. •
Payne said to-day that all the evidence
The principal charge against Tyner and
Barret is misconduct In office, in ob
structing and preventing the due and or
derly administration of the law. It is
stated that there were no less than eighty
of the so-called bond investment com
panies to which the opinion of the depart
ment was sent, together with the circular
Intimating that Barret's services as at
torney could be secured.
CHARGE AGAINST MACHEN.
It is charged that Barret had entered Into
an agreement with J. H. Nelson of the Bal
timore bar for a partnership In law, the ob
ject being to share in the profits which might
arise from representing bond investment com
panies before the Postofflce Department; that
In pursuance of a conspiracy with Tyner. Bar
ret investigated the schemes of the concerns
and wrote and signed the report; that this
report declared the business in Its existing
form to be illegal and not entitled to the use
of the mails, but that Its base was sound
and that it could be made over so as to be
lesal.
It is chaired that this opinion was sent
to every known company, with a circular let
ter to each stating that the business of that
company was Illegal; that at about the same
time, December, 1900, Barret sent to each
company an announcement that he had re
signed his. position and entered into a partner
ship for the practice of law at Baltimore and
Washington. The purpose of the conspiracy
is alleged to be the sending of business to
Barret's firm, and the opinion gave no in
structions as to the proper way of making
over the contracts, but showed that Barret
knew how it was to bo done. In pursuance
of this conspiracy it is alleged that Tyner and
Barret refused to consider or approve new
contracts submitted prior to, the time Barret
retired, except for the one or two concerns
that had already retained his services.
The indictments cite special cases in which
Barret, while Ptlll in office, sought or received
fees, or in which, after Barret retired, Tyner
referred clients to ¦ him and approved new
contracts at his suggestion without even read
ing them over.
ILLEGAL USE OF THE MAILS.
Concerning the indictments against Ty
ner and Barret a statement was made
by the Postofflce Department, which is
in part as follows:
Three Indictments charge Tyner and Bar
ret with conspiracy and two additional In
dictments charge Barret with agreeing, while
Btill In office, to receive fees for services ren
dered or to be rendered in cases pending be
fore him aa officer. All the Indictments are
founded upon the treatment by Tyner and
Barret of the business of the so-called bond in
vestment companies.
It was the duty of Tyner and Barret to In
vestigate the methods of concerns charged
with Improper use of the malls and in case of
guilt to report to the Postmaster General. In
this connection they investigated the busi
ness of the bor.d investment companies and
learned that they wire all carrying on a busi
ness that involved fraud or lottery, or both;
but instead of recommending to the Postmas
ter General the issue of an order that would
prevent the delivery of mall or the payment
of money orders to these concerns they con
nplred to tive, them unobstructed use of the
malls in order that Barret might profit
thereby.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— Fifteen new in
dictments were brought into the Supreme
Court for the District of Columbia to
day as the final result of the investigation
in the Postofflce Department. Several of
these findings were against persons who
have already "been Indicted. The Indict
ments involve James N. Tyner, the late
Assistant Attorney General for the Post
office Department, and his assistant, Har
rison J. Barret; James T. Metcalf, super
intendent of the money order system, of
the Postoflice Department; Normal Met
calf, son of James T. Metcalf; Harry C.
Hallenbeck,' president and general man
ager of the Wynkoop, ¦ Hallenbeck &
Crawford Company of New York, the firm
which for several years supplied the de
partment with its money order blanks,
and William D. Doremus, who is con
nected with the house which has been
supplying the stamp canceling machines.
There were additional indictments against
August Machen, former superintendent of
free delivery; George Beavers, formerly
chief of the salary and allowance de
partment; W. Scott Towers, who was in
charge of a eub-statlon of the Washing
ton postofflce, and State Senator George
A. Green of New York. In some cases
there were several indictments against
one person.
Their Treatment of So-Called Bond
Investment Cases Is the Basis
of True Bills Returned
Against Them.
Tyner and Barret Are Con
fronted With Charges
of Conspiracy.
Investigation in Post
office Department
Is Closed.
JURY FILES
FIFTEEN NEW
INDICTMENTS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ -OCTOBER 6, 1903.
One Thousand Prominent Delegates Have Already Arrived From
AH Sections of the State and the Pretty City in San Luis Obispo
County Gives Enthusiastic Greeting to the Host of Visitors
ODD FELLOWS THRONG PASO ROBLES
AND FESTIVITY STARTS ENCAMPMENT
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AND— OTHERS.
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devoto their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplyiDg the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in accordance with physicians' prescriptions and
scientific formula. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and remedial appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine article bearing the full
name of the Company — California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package.
They know that in case3 of colds and headaches attended by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habit3, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant, prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to sell it because it gives universal satisfaction.
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
sometimes have the name — u Syrup of Figs" — or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company— California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate a3 to enter his
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and, deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price^ of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co. — printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class ot
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
Has been success.
/£?-&-3i£L^ rul!> ' U£ed by leSMl *
J**li^ %££?^ lr -K actresses. «]ek-
f&S^ ¦ rn an^ women of
?fgy? —a fJifi fa? h!cn for raor*
YjXZ*** than 25 years.
TtZ& r Wherever applied
zS "TTf '* '• Instantly ab-
Z5 '~J eorbed through th*
w *T pores of the skin.
jT [ and Jt» wonderful
\ cotrltlcn feed* th»
*f wasting tissues.
/ \£> BEMOVIKQ
'-'xi r /3U^ » V As If by magic, on*
*»1^TT> R-n aPP Uc * tloa often
I LJ/'S.^/I'y * showing a remark-
* ~*L* J t?3riJ a fc! # Improvement
DP. CHARLES FLESH FOOD is positively
the of.!y preparation known to medical sclent*
that wt'l round out bellows In the neck and
SSuw flS . heattBT ae«h on thin ch,eJu.
•™£o» DEV^I-OPIWO THF BUST
Or brearts «fcrunken from nursing It haa th,
i^rf-eTt indorsement of physician.. Two boxes
»„ "ften eufflclcnt to make tf* tmt finn,
U ?OLD BT"raB U KMPORrcM AND OTHER
nmKTMEST STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
P^',, snee S10O a box. but to all who
,«£f%v«ma£ of this SPECIAL OFFER and
£no 5. on* A°n« w « wSU • end tWO f2> bo ""-
J- r> err; —a ranpit box and our book.
h Ktb "ART OF MASSAGE." fully lllus.
trat'd. will be tent fr*« to an7 l»dr sendlcr
JO cents to pay for cost of malllnr. Address
Ph. CBAELES CO, 1» f ark Plaw. Sew T« rt ¦
Common trade is dog eat
dog; Schilling's Best make it
easy and smooth and comfort-
able, at your grocer's.
'"The Arab Scout," by Schreyer, Free Art Supplement Next Sunday
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Running nimrn
Earsand hi KM
Catarrh UUI1LU
•: . . ;¦;.¦¦.-.:-¦
ALICE WTtfiON. 220 Second *?«..
San Francisco.
Mrs. Wilson says: "My little daughter Al!c«
suffered from catarrh, and her ears discharged
a foal smelling matter. She was rapidly grow-
ing deaf. Her ears were very painful and sh«
was afraid of doctors. I took her to the Elec-
tro-Chemlc Institute, IIS Grant ave.. and I am
happy to say that the Electro-Ch^mtc treat-
ment has cured Alice perfectly, and there was
not a moment's r>aln durlns the two months"
treatment that was required. She hears per-
fectly now, the ears do not run any more, her
catarrh U cured, and the expense of the treat-
ment has been very little."
CONSULTATION f- f*fc IT" §T"
and fi-wi-r
X-RAY EXAMINATION B ¦»¦-¦-
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Rheu-
matism. Paralysis, zreuxalffla. Tiles. Dis-
eases of the Stomach, Liver. Kidneys and
Bowels, Special Diseases of Men and
Women. All Chronic Diseases.
ELECTRO'CHEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 OBAHT AVE, Cor. 7ost St..
SAW PBANCISCO.
Office Hours — 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. dally: Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
Separate aDartments for ladies and gentlemen.In South Brazil 30 per cent of the people
are' Germans. "
PARIS, Oct. 5.^-Count del Poggio. who
formerly was an attache of the Italian
embassy in Washington, has committed
suicide "by drowning in the Seine. "
Count del Poggio Kills Himself.
NEGAUNEE, Mich., Oct. 6.—Concern
ing the havOc 'wrought by "the 'tornado
which struck Ewen Saturday afternoon
the most that can be learned Is that three
persons were killed and more than a
score Injured, while at least, half the
town la In ruins.
LA. CROSSE, Wis., Oct. 5.— Saturday's
storm, ; which passed ..through Independ
ence, WIs., did property damage amount
ing to $125,000/ killed two persons and In
jured eight.' The dead: Joseph Sennick
and John Kuphck.
; CHATFIELD, Minn, Oct. 5.— Latest re
turns from Saturday's storm indicate
that the damage was greater than was
first reported. : A report from the little
village of Washington says that place
was destroyed. ; : In the township of Sum
ner several buildings and the old Sumner
church were demolished. In El Mlra
Township the storm did much damage,
besides Injuring- several persons. -
Damage Wrought Is Par
Heavier Than First
Reported.
STORM REDUCES
TOWNS TO RUINS
has emerged from them In fair shape. It has
had some pretty hard experiences in years
past, as some of. the older citizens will re
member but when she has stood about as
much as she has thought wise, she has quietly
ris<m in her strength and elected a set ot men
who would take charge of her affairs and man
age them In a business way. bring order out
of chaos and place us on a level of advance
ment where we could again assume the con
trol of affairs as business men should control
their affairs.
We have now come to the point wher« we
have, as was stated, voted to spend a great
deal of money. "We have not felt the conn
dance In the parties that have had control of
our affairs In the last few years that would
warrant leaving in their hands the manage
ment nd expenditure of this large amount of
money. Our affairs have not been conducted
by business men in a business way and we ail
know it. (Applause.) And the time Is now
ripe when we should elect some one in whom
we can have confidence, who from training
and from experience and natural adaptability
is fitted to take charge of the direction of
the expenditure of this large amount of
To surround himself with men who will
properly expend that money, and, as it has
H .. H "I"H"M"M"H' I 1 1-I-I I 'M"H"K-*O
HENRY J. CROCKER, REPUBLJCAN NOMINEE FOR MAYOR OF SAN
FRANCISCO, ADDRESSING AN ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE THAT
CROWDED UNION SQUARE HALL LAST NIGHT.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 5.— The First, Fifth • and
Twenty-fourth companies of United States
Field Artillery passed through San Joae thia
morning en I route to the -Presidio at San Fran
cisco.- .For the past two weeks the soldiers
have been engaged In target practice at Sar-
K«-nts - Station. The companies will ¦ reach tha
Tresidlo* to-morrow evening.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Although the
promised revelations regarding the Inner
workings of the United States Shipbuild
ing Company were not made to-day, be
cause of the adjournment of the proceed
ings before a United States special exam
iner, there was made public a savage at
tack on Charles M. Schwab and his asso
ciates in the shipyard trust. It came in
the form of an answer to two actions re
cently brought against the United States
Shipbuilding Company and former : Sena
tor James Smith Jr., receiver, in a Federal
• court here, supplementing similar pro
ceedings which . have bqpn brought In
Maine and California.
Exceedingly harsh charges are made by
the receiver, through his counsel, against
Schwab, D. : Leroy Dresser, former presi
dent of the Trust Company of the Repub
lic, and Lewis . Nixon, ¦¦ John S. . Hyde, B.
W. Hyde, Irving -M. Scott, Charles ' J.
Canda, Horace W. Gause, "John W. Young
and other. owners, of shipyard plants in a
half-dozen States from the" Atlantic to
the Pacific, who are -charged under oath
with fraudulent practices, in the '¦ forma
tion of .the United : States Shipbuilding
concern.
The charges against Schwab allege that
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; In conclusion he said: "We mourn. with
you for the loss of your gracious Queen,
alike the type of gentlest womanhood and
the most illustrious sovereign in history."
Senator Hoar responded for . "Old
Mother England." He referred feelingly
to the death of Sir Michael Herbert and
continued: "We hope you will feel at
home while you are here. ." When you gt>
back to old mother England . tell her
her boys are contented and happy and
growing. Give * her our ; best love. Tell
her we think of her with nothing but
friendliness and eood yri^'l^^^MSSBBBk
BOSTON,, Oct. 6.— A hundred and sixty
members of the Honorable Artillery Com
pany of. London were banqueted to-night
by the Ancient and Honorable Artillery
Company of Boston at Symphony Hall.
Senator Hoar in -a Toast Feelingly
Kef era to the Death of Sir
Michael Herbert.
HONORABLE ARTILLERY
COMPANY IS BANQUETED
Shipyard Trust Receiver
Files Answers to
Two Suits.
ACCUSES SCHWAB
OF CONSPIRACY
The Republican party has been the 'party of
principle, has been tho party that produces
prowth. The Democratic party is the party
that always has said, "They don't do It right."
You give them a chance and then you get cold
feet and come back to the Republican .party
and for principle. For two years' time you
have tried your Schmitz, your Casey and other
freaks. (Laughter.) You have come back
realizing the fact that the government of a
great municipality under the charter must be
managed 33 a great and broad business, a bu?l
nets that must be handled with strong men at
the head, wilh able assistants back of that
strong man. The Republican party has given
We are here realizing 1 the fact
that there nre ?l*,00O,O00 to be
spent in somethingr other than oaln
rlcH, in MomethinGT other than bnild
lug op political parties. (Applause.)
We want newer*, we want streetx
nnd we wnni what we nre paylns
onr money for. (Applanne.) The
luHt few yearn ha* tthown tin the
rink of experiment*. Yon can try
experiments on Home tliinyr«. but
you miiNt not try experiments with
isl.s,o«io,<»00. (Applnuae.)
It is a very significant fact that when my
name was ca.lled in the back of the hall a mo
ment aco the music commenced to play "Mr.
Dooiey." That means that we Irish are going
to win tho fight. (Laughter.) But the situa
tion is not one to be picked up in a Joking
manner. The fact that merchants, bankers,
business men, wholesale men, retail men, men
from every part of the city at a municipal elec
tion thirty days Jn advance have shown an in
terest in bis city to come here and attend a
meeting that is simply a club meeting, shows
wa are not here to pass Jokes.
Frank H. Powers was called to the plat
form and was loudly cheered. Mr. Powers
delivered a forcible speech and entertain
ed his auditors with many stories aprrpos
of the subjects he discussed. In part, he
spoke as follows:
Frank H. Powers Points Out Key
note of Campaign.
mh,:lions involved.
KAHN OPENS MEETING.
Prophesies Fight Will Terminate in
Victory for Crocker.
The meeting was opened by Congress
man Julius Kahn. He was given some
hearty cheers when he stepped forward
to address the big assemblage and when
quiet was restored he epoke as follows:
Ladies and Gentlemen : I see that tha good
I*ople of San Francisco have lost none of
th»ir enthusiasm. I don't know how to suf
ficiently thank them en behalf of Mr. Crocker
for their kind outpouring to-night, and this
fiiyt beginning in this campaign shows that we
•w-ill carry en a political fight that will termi
nate In absolute victor}"- (Applause.) The
city of £an Francisco has entered upon a mag
nificent era. The people of this city within a
week have voted to materially improve our
beautiful city. (Applause).
It has been my good fortune to visit many
rarts of this globe, but I am free to say that
never In my Ufa have I vicited any place that
has appealed to me as has this glorious city.
And when San Francisco fhall have seen the
improvements for which you have voted she
will lr.fieed become the most magnificent city
upon the face of God's green footstool.
The people of thia elty are inter
ested in leelng thoae improvement*
Properly exrented. They want the
money which the people have voted
tor public improvement* pnt into
Cnbllc improvement*. They wunt to
bow that the varion* eommia*lonft
that will have thene money* to ex
pend vrill expend them honently for
public improvement*. (Applauve.)
The candidate that will appear before you a
little later this evening. Mr. Henry J. Crocker,
is a. representative man in every sense of the 1
¦word. (Applause).
During this campaign we will have many
meetings. His entire career will be presented
to you. He lias **>own his splendid public
Fpirtt In taaur efforts for the good people of
this State and of this city. I don't propose at
this time to dwell uixm them at length because
there is to be a great ratification meeting of
the Republican party on Saturday evening
next at the Alhambra Theater, and there you
will be told ail about Mr. Crocker and his fel
low candidate* on the Republican ticket.
But thU tneetlnr to-night is called by the
business men of San Francisco, and by that.
as I have been given to understand, is not
meant alone the men in the wholesale part of
th« city, but the men In tha retail part of this
city, who have interests afst&ke Just as other
men ' In Fan Francisco.
They are taking an interest in this fight
and they are going to fleet Mr. Crocker on
JCorember 3. < Applause.) It is simply my
j l-.-isurt- this evening to call this meeting to
order. Tbe purpose of the meeting is to or
ganize the Henry J. Crocker Club, and I am
ready to receive nominations for chairman.
Julian Sonntag arose and said he had
the honor and pleasure to name Charles
Laumeister. Before the . nominations
could close. C. B. Rode was recognized by
the temporary chairman. He said he did
not believe in haste. He said he knew
Charles Laumeister for many years and
was his friend, but he thought there were
other candidates. He therefore nominated
Honorable Julius Kahn. Mr. Kahn smil
ingly declined the honor and Mr. Lau
meister was elected. The chairman was
escorted to the platform by Messrs.
Sonntajr and Rode. Mr. Laumeister was
Kiven a hearty reception. He called for
nominations for secretary and C. B. Per
kins nominated Robert S. Aitken. There
•was no Deposition and Mr. Aitken was
elected. Bdgar Peixotto nominated Mar
shall Hale and Llppman Sachs as first
and second vice presidents of the club
and they were elected.
The following telegram received from
Governor Pardee was read by th© secre
tary and loudly cheered:
SACItAMEXTO. Cal.. Oct. 8, 1903.
Hon. Julius Kkhn: Public business prevents
tne from attending this evening. I see no rea
son why every citizen Ehould not rally to sup
port the ticket headed by Hrnry J. Crocker.
Its success will insure Ban Francisco's wel
fare. It ought to be elected.
GEORGE C. PARDEE.
TEULS INSIDE TACTS.
A. Van der Naillen Becites Episodes
ot Schmitz Maladministration.
A. Van der Naillen was introduced to
tbe big assemblage and was accorded a
hearty welcome. He created much mer
riment by narrating his experience as a
number of tbe Board of. Public "Works.
His statements were sensational and
created a furor among bis auditors, He
spoke as follows:
1 certainly consider this quite an honor to
be called upon Cret to address an assemblage
like this when there ' are bo many eminent
rj>eakpr« here and I am so entirely inexperi
enced In making a political speech. I want,
however, to lend my aid in trying t« bBow to
the business people hrre the absolute necessity
of electing a man like . Henry J. Crocker for
our next Mayor. (Applause.) No doubt many
of you know that 1 was a public official in this
city tor a chert time, (Laughter.) It was
Julian Sonntag was the next speaker in
troduced by. Chairman Laumeister. Mr.
Sonntag at the outset of his address said
he had known Mr. Crocker for many
years and was qualified to speak about
him as a man. In part he said:
" "All that you have got to do is to follow
the progress of Henry J. Crocker from the
time he became a voter In this city and county;
My last -word to yon Is, vote. We
bad 12,000 votes at the primary
election. We are Koln« to win, bat
we have cot to fitch t. Let that he
impressed upon all your minds, »ren
tlemen. that heaven help San Fran
cisco, if our -next Mayor shonld be
Enjjene E. "Ilnef." (Langhter and
grrat applanse.)
X told him I did not -want to fro
out now aa I 'was on the track
where brick* and supplies were go
ln;r to. I aaid Rive me thirty days
now and I think I can brinic these
rascals to time. And it was only
sbown here a short time A*ro that
•¦ach nan tbe case. What did the
Mayor and Mr. Casey clof They
hnnsr their heads, and I pitied them
and walked out of the room, What
would Henry J. Crocker have done
or Raid hod I said that to him? It
is a b ii sin ess man that we want.
CApplaase.) We want more busi
ness men In this City Hall.
Shortly after tbat I took a trip through the
north at my own expense. I was surprised
how far behind the times we are In our busi
ness affair?. But that is a thing of the past
We know it is a difficult matter to bring the
business men to a political meeting, and this
Is a erf at one, and it shows in -this matter
this is only the beginning; but I, want to say
this:
There was a howl. (A voice: "Who made
the howl — Casey?") (Laughter.) But tho
system was inaugurated there, and while we
Ehould have had at least four or five bids from
business people they were complaining that all
this patronage was going into one channel. I
assure you, gentlemen, I had an up and down
fight all the time I was there. It was because
my constituents were business people. I went
to the present Mayor and complained .to him
and he said: "You are doing well, Van; keep
it of>. Go to it. Tou are one of the few
Commissioners who is a credit to my adminis
tration." (Laughter).
Then a few davs before the reappolntment or
the new Commissioners the present Mayor said
that he was going to reappoint me and news
paper men came down to my office and con
gratulated me. A few hours before a gentle
man lold me that I was on the toboggan.
(Laughter.) I went to the Mayor and I Bpoke
to him and asked him if It was so. "Well,
Van. -I don't know, but I will gee you later,"
he answered. (Laughter.) I demanded an ex
planation and asked him if be did not say that
I was doing right. "Didn't I bring up a box
of bills and show you that the city was being
charged exorbitant prices?" 1 I showed him
that the city was being charged twice as much
for putting on a leg of a wheelbarrow as was
needed to buy a new barrow. He called up th»
Honorable Michael Casey. (Laughter.) Ha
said: "Now, Mr. Casey, what is it you have
against Van? I think he is doing all right."
"Well, It don't make any difference." said
Casey. (The speaker imitated Casey's man
ner of speaking end his auditors laughed hear
tily.) He says: "I don't loike ther mon;
whin I don't lolke ther mon I don't want him
around." (Laughter.) I eald: "Ib that all?"
"No, sir," he says; "I told yer whin yer foist
came in here the newspapers were hostile to
us. One of the first things ye did was to call
the newspapers into your office and ask what
they wanted."
I did. 1 called the- newspaper men, as I
thought it was customary to let them know
what was going on In public affairs. I asked
them .what they wanted to know and they
told me the public had a right to know what
was gclng on in a .nubile way and it was my
fluty to tell them in order that the public
might learn what was going on. I said to the
members of the press, "Gentlemen, you shall
know," and they did. And anything that was
going on In the public meetings I gave to
them. And that is what Mr. Casey objected to.
1 then requested of the Mayor, in the pres
ence of Mr. Casey, that I be allowed to write
out my resignation, and that it take effect
thirty days later — on the 8th day of February.
PITIES THE IO.YOB.
CORNER ON PATRONAGE.
It Is due a crrrnt deal to the lack
of business methods that makes it
farce of the Hoard of Public Works
to-day. I could tell you many in
stances and different things that
have oecurred there. Some of them
would make yon laugh and some of
them would make you sick. (Ai»«
plause.)
I first found that the business man was
greatly abused. Under the charter you can
purchase, anything bo long as it is below the
amount of $500 without any bid*. It made
no difference whether the city wanted to buy
a bale of hay. a pair of rubber boot* or a keg
of nai!s, it seemed to go to one party. When I
saw that this patronage was unfairly distrib
uted 1 undertook to remedy the evil In order
to save the city from paying exorbitant prices.
One of Che grreatent plank* I be
lieve ihv-t the Republican party has
lnnerteJ ft it* platform in that to
purify i'je Hoard of Public Works.
< Applaune.) It la the most important
commlMHion of all the coiiimiKwioiiN
in Sun Francisco. Upon that com
iuiv<ioii certainly a ffrent deal de
pends for the nnccess of our good
nnd better San Francisco. (Ap
plaune.)
I only wish you all could havo had the ex
perience that I have had while I was there.
It was 8.i unsolicited honor. It was a great
surprise to me. The duties I knew would be
new, but I went in there as a Republican with
a firm determination to do that which was
right and to protect the many taxpayers. I
knew that In protecting their interests I would
be protecting my own.
short, but I assure you it was hot whils I was
in there. (Laughter).
The charges against the other promoters
are, in brief, that they knowingly ac
cepted \ $41,000,000 in bonds and stock for
properties and plants not worth $10,000,000,
and that- the same was effected through
false statements concerning the proper
ties and their respective values. '
he sold to the ship-building company, the
Bethlehem Steel Company,, taking in pay
ment JIO.OOO.OOO in bonds, $10,000,000 of pre
ferred stock and $10,000,000 of the common
stock of tho defendant ship-building com
pany, "well knowing that in truth said
property, that of ' the Bethlehem Steel
Company, was not worth, at most," $10,
000,000." v ;-".Kv::-;.
W. J, Dutton, a well known business
man of this city, was introduced, and
when the applause had ceased he spoke,
in part, as follows:
I am not a professional lawyer accustomed
to speaking and cannot interettt you as has
my predecessor. I have not had the experi
ence in tne party ranks and cannot interest
you, but, as a uuslneos man, who has grown
up In San Francisco, who feels an interest in
the advancement cf her affairs, I feel that it
Is a duty to each of us to bear a hand In im
proving the conditions of this city, in placing
its management in such hands as will control
the expenditure of our money In a way that
we will get the full benefit of it.
In times past San - Francisco has had its ex
perience with all kinds of government and
H^-H-H"M-H-H- tl-H-H-I-I-H-H-K
DUTY OF CITIZENS.
When you jcrct through with thin
$18,000,000 yon will want water and
thnt will cost you $35,000,000. Yon
want newer*, mid if i Schmlti 1m
elected and Michael Ca*ey in dupli
cated three tiniest on the Board of
Public Works, you will not have a
newer that will stand' the teat.-'
This is • not a talk to 'run down * Mayor
Bchmltz. He Is a lovely man. A good man.
He la a neighbor of mine and is a very good
musician. .His fault is . trying to be a good
politician. We don't want a good politician.
We want a good Mayor. We want some real
business enthusiasm in this campaign. Not
the enthusiasm that hollers on the corner and
paints red signs on other people's fences
(laughter), but the enthusiasm tbat comes to
the lunch table and talks over what is best
for the community we have here.
This campaign is going to recolvo itself into
a fiKht for Schmitz and the strongest candi
date on the other side. South of .Market
street to-day is behind Schmitz almost to a
finish ; but Joe Tobin only got 11,000 votes.
Franklin K. Lane is going to get more than
11, C 0. Schmitz is not going to get as many
as he got before, but it lies with you busi
ness men to say whether the Republican party
is KOing to stay true to itself and get behind
Henry J. Crocker, (Applause.)
The last week t>f the campaign they will
go down the etreet and say that Franklin K.
Lane has the whole south of Market street
behind him. Are you going to be stampeded?
(Cries of "No, No.") Show them that the
Republican party to a man is behind a busi
ness man on some of these commissions. Are
you going to tight for some of the principles
you fought for In the Presidential campaign
and which one year from now we have to get
behind and elect Theodore Roosevelt? ¦ You
want to get away from your "isms." Get
down to earth. Get behind a business man;
don't gret behind Ttuef'» man; don't get behind
McNab's man; get behind a man who knows
himself — Henry J. Crocker. (Great applause.)
WATER WORKS NEXT.
you 'a man at the head of your ticket who ha*
been At the head of other -affairs and handled
them properly.
The Democratic party has nominated a
mighty good lawyer and a mighty sight better
politician. The Union Labor party haa .given
you a very able front of Abraham Jluef.
(Laughter.) Which of these three men are you
groing: to say should handle those eighteen mil
lion dollars? Any one of you might build a
house. You would sit down a long time In
advance with the best architect and you would
talk him down until you knew he would not
make any money on you and then you would
spend $200,000. Now you are spending eight
een million dollars.
lie In ii proprrenaivc and a firnt
ciaMfl basineaft man and thoroughly
honest. We voted In favor of the
817.O00.00O bondn. Whnt we -want
in to have that money nurd for the
city and county of San Franclxco.
And ii it li Henry J. Crocker at the
liead of the municipality every insm
In the hroriuK of my voice known
that he will do everything ' in hit
power 1o nee thnt every dollar vrill
he expended for the municipality.
(Applause.)
all you have pot to do Is to travel through the
interior of this State of California to see the
work he has done and the progress he has
made in many of the hamlets of the State of
California. You will remember the indorse
ment the citizens of Cloverdale gave him
f-ome days ago. You only need travel through
Tuolumne County to see what he has accom
plished. He has built railroads, established
hamlets where it was one vast forest four or
five years aro.
All they had to do was to call upon Henry
J. Crocker and he was always ready. He was
never found wantine. In the Forty-first Dis
trict In this city he has erected one of the
most beautiful homes in our city.
Henry J. Crocker did not speak at great
length, but what he did say was to the
point. Before going to Union Square Hall,
he addressed a large meeting of his fel
low citizens at Richmond Hall in the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District. His brief
address at each meeting produced a very
favorable impression.
the cause of progressive and hon
ost municipal government. Seven hundred
or more citizens crowded into the hall, and
hundreds finding: the crush so great that
they could not get in went away with a
determination to go early next Saturday
evening to Alhambra Theater on the occa
sion of the big Republican ratification
meeting. The enthusiasm of the audience
last nlg-ht was boundless. Tbe reception
accorded to Mr. Crocker attained the
spirit and force of a great popular ova
tion. The audience was representative in
character, embracing many active retail
merchants as well as prominent men of
the large commercial concerns. Every ref
erence to the urgent necessity of a practi
cal and economical business administra
tion of the affairs of San Francisco
evoked instant applause. Candidates Lane
and Schmitz were not reviled, but the in
experience of one and the incompetency
of the other were briefly dwelt upon.
The demonstration in support of the Re
publican ticket was significant in several
respects. Xo invitation to attend the
Meeting was given, other than that con
tained in the public announcement. The
attendance was unexpectedly large. Party
loaders fancied that not more than three
<>r four hundred citizens would rally, as
the campaign was hardly under way.
"When it was s=een that a thousand repre
sentative citizens had assembled and that
the enthusiasm of the audience in support
of Sir Crocker was unbounded, the spec
tators readily perceived that the current
of public approval was favorable to the
Republican nominees.
THE buslnes* men's meeting at
Union Square Hall last night
that was called to organize the
Henry J. Crocker Central Club
was a great demonstration in
A. Van der Naillen
Tells Some
Secrets.
Business Men Lis
ten to Able
Speeches.
REPUBLICAN
CANDIDATE
IS CHEERED
HENTY J. CROCKER OPENS THE CAMPAIGN
MERCHANTS
SHOW GREAT
ENTHUSIASA1
Standard Bearer Is
Given a Great
Ovation.
Schmitz and Casey
Criticized by the
Speakers.
I put myself forward aa th» typ« of man that
San Francisco and the press unanimously hav«
for the last two or three years prior to tn»
bond election called for. I don't arrogate to
myself the position that I stand as the man
particularly but the type of man San Fran
cisco has been calling for — a man above party
linee a man above any desire to benefit him
self 'by the office he takes. I believe I can
nafelv administer the office and should I b«
elected there will be no cause ot regret from
voting citiz<*is of San Francisco. (Great ap
plause and cheers.)
Edgar D. Peixotto followed and dis
cussed the need and necessity of an ac
tive campaign. He aroused a great deal
of enthusiasm by his speech. He appealed
to every good citizen to get behind the
ticket and brinsr about Its election.
The meeting then concluded with cheer*
for the Republican standard-bearer.
BEPT7BLICAM" RATIFICATION.
Campaign Committee Organizes for
Vigorous and Methodical "Work.
The committee of five appointed to con
duct tha campaign for tha Republican
candidates met at 18 Geanr street yester
day afternoon. The* following named.
who constitute the committee, were pres
ent: W. J. Dutton, J. S. Partridge, Dan
iel A. Ryan, B. D. Peixotto and Arthur
Q. Flsk. By Invitation, tha following
members of the organization committee of
the United Republican League attended:
Hon. A. P. Williams, Dr. W. F. McXutt,
John C. Lynch, Henry Ach and David
Rich. The campaign committee organized
by the election of W. J. Duttoa chair
man. J. S. Partridge vice chairman. A.
G. Fisk secretary and treasurer, and J.
Steppacher assistant secretary- J. S»
Partridge and E. D. Peixotto were ap
pointed as a committee on meetings and
speakers.
It was decided to invite all the candi
dates on the Republican ticket to meet
with the committee to-morrow evening.
The campaign is to be opened with a
ratification meeting at Alhambra Theater
next Saturday night. The meeting will
be addressed by several of the candidates
and other well known speakers. The rati
fication will be followed by a serie3 of
metlngs In each Assembly district. Tha
city Is to be thoroughly organized, and
the earnest support of all Republicans
solicited.
RICHMOND BEPTJBLICANS.
A great Republican demonstration took
place last evening at Richmond Hail, cor
ner of Fourth avenue and Clement street.
The occasion was the first open meeting
of the Crocker- Vance Club of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District. The attendance
of voters was large and the ehUitJsJasm
great. The address of Henry J. Crocker,
candidate for Mayor, was the event of tho
evening. In the Thirty-ninth District and
throughout that region of the city north
of Golden Gate Park he is more than a
party nominee. He is the candidate of
the people for Mayor of San Francisco.
as he is in sympathy with the spirit of
progress and development which animates
the residents of that beautiful section of
the metropolis.
In his speech last night Mr. . Crocker
traced the development of San Francisco
from Powell street west to the ocean.
His remarks convinced the people that ha
knew what kind of an administration* o?
public affairs was now required in view
of the decision of the voters in favor of
expending eighteen million dollars in pub
lic Improvement.
William E. Lutz. candidate for Public
Administrator, also addressed the audi
ence.
Richmond Hall was crowded to the
doors by the enthusiastic supporters of
the Republican ticket. To-morrow even-
Ing Mr. Crocker will speak at Eintracht
Hall on Folsom street.
non-Partisans Meet.
The non-partisan bunch, headed by
Alexander Truman and T. V. Eddy, last
night went through the motions of in
dorsing candidates. The place o? meet-
Ins was Pioneer Hall and the- hour of dis
tress 9 o'clock. The candidates indorsed
were Ed M. Sweeney and George H.
Cabaniss for Police Judjces: Coroner, Dr.
Dillon; Sheriff, Peter J. Curtis: Treasurer,
John E. McDousald; Recorder, E. God
chaux; District Attorney, I* F. Byinston;
Public Administrator, Charles Alpcrs: Su
pervisors, Horace "Wilson, Val Schmidt,
Francis L. Cook, Charles Boxton, E. n.
Alseltlnger. John Connor, James P.
Booth. A. A. d'Ancona, Robert J. Lough
ery, John Lynch. George B. McClellan,
Fred A. Glazer, Fred Meyer, A. Comta
Jr.. George Dletterle. Oscar Hock, Samuel
Braunhart and Ed Rock.
Thirty-First District.
The Henry J. Crocker Club of the
Thirty-first Assembly District will {rive
a reception to the Republican nomine*
for Mayor at the headquarters of tha
club, Elntracht Hall. Twelfth street, be
tween Howard and Folsom, Wednesday
evening, October 7. The motto of the
club Is "Ecual Right* to All."
Mayor Schmitz to Speak.
Mayor Eugene E. Schmltz will address
the voters of the Twenty-eighth Assem
bly District to-night In Lange'9 Hall, 213
Third street. A special musical 'pro
gramme will be rendered.
When I cama In this eve *i* from the out
lying district, which is prouu 3 be called the
boundary of San Francisco, I could see that
the desire of these people was that the money
they have voted for shall be honestly spent.
I don't mean to nay tbat I can di
rect that work any better than any
one elir, hot I inrely wmit to be
elected Mayor of San Francisco, and
if I nm 1 can nay here that If It
come* within my province to nay
how this money nhall be Mpent, the
worklngmen. of San Francisco * Inn 1 1
receive every dollar they are en
titled to. lint I shall take an ranch
pain* to tiee that the taxpayer* and
the people who have voted this
enormonn niiiu for the improvement
of greater San FrancUco shall re
ceive every particle of result front
thnt labor.
I do not come before my friends to say that
I am unwilling to undertake these great propo
sitions. I have learned in the last twenty-five
years of my business career to have confidence
in myself. (Lonst applause.) -
I don't put myself aa Henry J. Crocker, but
HOUESTY IS DESIBED.
Henry J. Crocker entered the hall while
Mr. Dutton was speaking and almost
every person present arose and cheered
him. Mr. Crocker was escorted to the
platform and took a seat and waited until
Mr. Dutton had concluded. When Intro
duced to the big gathering Mr. Crocker
was cheered again and again. He spoke
In part aa follows:
Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen and
my friends: This Is a little bit embarrassing
for a new candidate, but new candidates gen
erally make - new records. I have just come
from the outlying Th'.rty^niath District, and
I left" there with the tame music in my ears
that I encounter In this hall. I have not
heard what has been said by the various
speakers, but I don't think I will make any
repetitions, because I have very little to say.
I am your candidate for Mayor of San Fran
cisco and I Intend to win out. (Applause.)
We will take all tbe figures of the past and
wa will make a new record in this campaign,
because we have a rood legitimate right to
do so.
The Republican party that has tendered m«
tha honor of thia nomination Is the party of
the people. Th* Republican party Is the party
of Theodore Roosevelt. (Applause.) And
Theodore Roosevelt has laid down to all of
us rules which we can easily " follow. Mr.
Roosevelt believes he is, and I believe him
to be, and every one knows htm to be the
candidate of tho whole people, without any
party lines, without any favoritism, without
any degree of favoritism of his party. He
has taken every line. He has taken the la
boring man. the Democrat, the Republican, the
non-partisan and every citizen of this United
States and given them a standard that we
all ' can easily follow.
It is very true that I have been one of the
workers in the ranks in the upbuilding of
San Francisco and looking' for her great fu
ture, and at this time I have the honor to
be before you as a candidate for Mayor, which
is the ercatest honor the citizens of San
Francisco can extend. I pledge myself that
I will, if elected, be the Mayor of the people
of San Francisco. (Applause.)
Republican Candidate for Mayor Is
Enthusiastically Received.
CHEEKS x OR CROCKER.
been stated here this evening, to see that w«»
get one dollar results for every dollar ex
pended, we think we have found that man
In Henry J. Crocker. (Applause.) I have
known him for twenty-one years, arid I have
a right to vote for him, and I hope that many
of you will feel equally proud to put your
votes Into the box in his favor and see that
he Is elected on the 3d of November. (Ap
plause.)
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1903
4
POIJLTICAX CARDS.
For
Mayor
HENRY J. CROCKER
RepublicanOn Saturday last, October 3, the Exam
iner published an editorial entitled "The
Need for Honest Government." Some of
the extracts of this editorial are as fol
io w=:
JLANE IS PRAISED.
That the voters may judge for them
selves as to the inconsistency of the Ex
aminer and its chameleon-like change.
The Call publish* s to-day a few extracts
from the Examiner, leaving the. task to
the public to render its decision as to the
sincerity and trustworthiness of the Ex
aminer's advocacy of Lane on the one
side and its attacks on Republican candi
dates on the other.
A campaign of abuse of certain Repub
lican nominees has been started by the
Examiner, and day after day its pages
have been filled with fierce denunciation
of candidates on the Republican ticket.
That the Examiner will continue its cam
paign of abuse is a foregone conclusion.
It will be interesting for the voters of
San Francisco to compare the utterances
of the Examiner made one year ago and
those made at this time.
Then Gavin McNab was denounced as
the avowed enemy of labor, and his se
lection of Lane for Governor was pre
dicted as a disaster to the Democratic
party.
Then the Examiner used all means to
secure members of the labor unions to
vote against Lane, the nominee of Gavin
McNab, the enemy of the workingmen.
To-day the Examiner is supporting
Lane and beseeching the Union Labor
party to unite with the Democracy and
elect him Mayor of this ctty.
CAMPAIGN OF ABUSE.
L.ane was mentioned one year ago
as the probable nominee of the Demo
cratic party for election as Governor of
California, the Examiner bitterly attack
ed Lane and those who were associated
with him in his campaign.
Then Lane and Gavin McNab were de
nounced with fierce Invective. To-day
Lane is hailed as the Moses who will lead
the Democratic party to the promised
land of victory.
- t X the space of one year the Exam
! ir.er has acted the role attributed to
i the chameleon— it has changed its
1 color.
I When the name of Franklin K.
Sensation Caused by Violent
Death of Soulsbyville
Miner.
Fierce Invective Fol
lowed by .;
Praise.
Tuolumne Officers Ar
rest Woman on Charge
of Murder.
Chameleon Like, It
Changes Its
Colors.
ACCUSE WIFE
OF SHOOTING
HER HUSBAND
Candidate Is De
nounced as Ene
my. of Unions.
Workingmen Now
Urged" to Vote
for Him.
SUPPORT OF THE EXAMINER FOR FRANKLIN K. LANE
IS CONTRASTED WITH BITTER ATTACK OF LAST YEAR
NEW YORK, Oct. 5. — The annual con
ference of United States local appraisers
began here to-day, representatives being
present from eighteen ports, including
Honolulu, represented for the first time.
The special object of the contest is to ob
tain uniformity in classification. Among:
those present -were John T. Dare, San
Francisco; O. Summers. Portland: Ed
ward H. Stackable, Honolulu; J. A.
Plum, Port Townsend, and J. F. Lord,
Seattle.
Conference of Appraisers.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Among the ar
rivals at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel to
night are Thomas H. Williams and Mrs.
Williams. They will remain here about
three weeks. M. H. de Young, ex-Mayor
Phelan, Frank Newlands, Attorney J. C.
Campbell, Rolla V. Watt and Allan Pol
lak also registered. -
Mr. Campbell, who Is the legal repre
sentative of the Carnegie steel Interests
in San Francisco, is here on a business
trip. He Is actly;© In Knight Templar
circles, being a past grand commander of
Golden Gate Commandery. In speaking
of the conclave to be held In San Fran
cisco next September Mr. Campbell said
there would be a very large attendance.
Already applications for accommodations
for 20,000 persons have been received.
Mr. de Young expects to remain here
about six weeks.
Fire Commissioner Rolla V. Watt Is
Among Those Registered at
the Waldorf-Astoria.
PROMINENT CAXIFORNIANS
ARE VISITING NEW YORK
Yet the Examiner is now championing
the cause of Lane and asking the labor
union men to vote' for him. The public
can judge for itself the inconsistency of
the Examiner's policy at this time as
compared to Its policy of last year re
garding its support of Lane.
In _the recent Democratic convention
that nominated Lane for Mayor of San
Francisco, it was known that McNab con
trolled the majority of the delegates. The
Examiner is perfectly aware of this fact
and that Lane was and is his candidate
for office.
On this page The Call reproduces an
editorial that appeared In the Examiner
on "Wednesday, September 3, 1902. The
Examiner then stated that it would not
support Franklin K. Lane, as he was the
personal candidate of Gavin McNab,
whom it designated as the avowed enemy
of labor. \
TUBNS A SOMERSAULT.
Thereupon the Examiner said:' "These
dispatches have been shown to many del
egates, so they might be Informed of the
campaign of fraud being carried on
by Gavin McNab to secure the nomina
tion of hJs candidate."
"That's their game, lies, lies, lies. They
are making a campaign based on lies. If
McNab told the truth he couldn't elect a
yellow dog. Their position, strength and
assumptions are false."
On page 2 of the Examiner of the same
date a story. was published that at Lane's
headquarters at Sacramento statements
had been given out that men were in that
city from San Francisco representing the
Retail. Clerks' Union and the Machinists'
Union. Telegrams from the president and
business agent of these unions were se
cured, denying that any representatives
were in Sacramento and stating that any
one posing as such was an Impostor.
The display of type was headed "Gom
pers refutes bold canard put In circula
tion by McNab." McNab is quoted as de
nying that he ever received such a tele
gram from Gompers or heard of such a
document.
Ex-Governor Budd was interviewed and
Is quoted as saying of the Incident:
On September 3. 1902, the Examiner dis
played in bold type on Its front page an
article stating that McNab was trying to
secure the nomination of Lane by a deli
berate fraud. It asserted that JIcNab had
displayed a telegram purporting to be
from Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Labor, in which
Gompers indorsed the candidacy of Lane
for Governor of California.
"W. D. English— I do not see how the
friends of Lane expect him to win if he
receives the nomination, with a large ma
jority of organized labor against him and
other powerful elements of his party in
opposition to his candidacy."
The Examiner now desires the members
of the Union Labor party to support
Franklin K. Lane for election as Mayor
of San Francisco. Gavin McNab has
been the means of Lane securing the
nomination on the Democratic ticket.
Contrast the present attitude of the Ex
aminer to its utterances one year ago.
CAMPAIGN OP FRAUD.
McNab played an important part in the
Democratic primaries and in the munici
pal convention of the party. The Exam
iner editorially urges the Union Labor
party to affiliate with the Democracy, yet
one year ago this is what the Examiner
published with reference to Lane's candi
dacy for Governor:
"W. D. English and John Daggett are
of the belief that if Lane be nominated
It will mean disaster to the party.
"John Daggett— The candidacy of Lane
would be suicidal to the hopes of the
Democracy in this campaign.
In urging the election of Franklin K.
Lane as Mayor of San Francisco the Ex
aminer knows full well that Gavin McNab
is his trusted adviser.
The following day the Examiner pub
lished an editorial entitled "Where Union
Is Strength It Is Folly to Divide." The
members of the Union Labor party were
urged to affiliate with the Democracy,
whose standard-bearer waa to be Frank
lin K. Lane. The worklngmen were urged
to associate politically with the party to
be led by Lane, whom the Examiner had
denounced a year ago as being a "trusted
lieutenant of Gavin McNab, the avowed
enemy of labor."
This is what the Examiner said In its
editorial of September 24 last:
"We regret especially that the Demo
cratic Convention should have taken the
position that it cannot Join hands with
the Union Labor party. The interests of
the Democratic party and of the labor
men are the same. Opposition to privi
lege, regard for the interests of the com
mon people, are common to both. Both
place the interests of the great public
above the interests of aggregated wealth.
"There should be the same union be
tween the Democratic party and the
workingmen as there Is between the Re
publican party and the trusts.
"For this reason the Democratic party
and the Union Labor party should logic
ally be behind the same ticket. They are
both looking to the same objects in State,
national and city governments."
NOMINATION IS DISASTER.
* . .3.
Franklin K. Lane for Mayocof San Fran
cisco on the Democratic ticket.
During the afternoon a delightful pro
gramme was rendered. Miss Alexander
gave some of her inimitable darkv dialect
stories. The vocal renditions were greatly
appreciated by the delegates, and thus
ended the first day of the convention— a
day of peace, pleasure and mutual bene!U.
To-morrow the delegates will meet at
Century Hall for further deliberations
and to elect officers. It Is generally con
ceeded that the southern Dart of the State
will obtain the high offices. At the con
clusion of the routine work a presentation
will take place, when the retiring presi
dent will be tendered a flag of the lost
cause wrought in flowers.
At the meeting it was decided that Mrs.
Selden S. "Wright and Mrs. Voorhles
should attend the national convention to
be held in November at Charleston. S. C.
to which the ladles will bear every port
able evidence of California's allurements,
that the Daughters may be induced to
come to California for their national con
vention In 1903.
On Wednesday morning at o'clock
a private car, chartered by ' the Albert
Sidney Johnston Chapter, will be placed
at the disposahof delegates and Daugh
ters for an Inspection tour of the city.
On Wednesday evening, at the residence
of Mrs. R. E. Queen, 2212 Sacramento
street, the Jefferson Davis Chapter, Mrs.
Van Wyck president, will hold a reception
for the Confederate veterans and Con
federate Daughters. On Thursday after
noon at the home of Mrs. XV. A. Clark
and Mrs. William O. Minor, 2317 Dwight
way, Berkeley, a reception will be ten
dered the retirinc and incoming officers 1 ,
delegates and members of chapters.
These functions will terminate the official
affairs of the third convention of Daugh
ters of the Confederacy.
An interesting fact was developed In
regard to the table at which the delib
erations took pface. The gavel rapped
upon the very table upon which President
Madison signed the treaty of Ghent in
1S14. This interesting: relic has been an
heirloom in Mrs. Voorhles' family slnro
that eventful dar.
The Daughters of the Confederacy met
yesterday for their annual convention
at the home of Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voor
hies, on California street. The State or
ganization, composed of seven chapters,
was called to order by Mrs. Selden S.
Wright, the popular State president, who.
in a felicitous speech, welcomed the dele
gates to this, their third convention. In
a manner that would reflect credit upon
any legislative body the women set busily
about reading and listening to reports,
principal among which was that of Mrs.
Voorhles, president of the Albert Sidney
Johnston Chapter. This embodied a
resume of the good work done during the
year— notably the relief and comfort be
stowed upon the veterans of the war—
they who wore the gray. And that there
are many who stand in need of succor
¦in the evening of their Hve3 was evident.
One had lost his home— his a.'l— by fire.
Others were ill and friendless. These had
been relieved by the Daughters by the
very best means at hand, but the report
showed the manifest necessity of a per
manent system of relief— hospital beds,
the availability of a home, etc.. such as
is enjoyed by veterans of the Xorth. and
for this purpose the charity ban of the
23d is to be given at the Palice. The
report further stated that a compilation
of historical data of the war was one of
the duties of the coming year, when
every Confederate Daughter was to pre
sent in manuscript form such events as
she personally encountered. As the door
yards of many of these women became
battlefields these reminiscences will be of
vital Interest to us of to-dav.
Gavel Drops on Board on
Which Ghent Treaty
Was Signed.
Daughters of Confeder
acy Meet in Annual
Session.
GATHER AROUND
HISTORIC TABLE
CASEVILLE. -Mich., ~ Oct. 5.— George
Hoerther, a Russian, took his wife and four
children rowing on the Fid peon River last
evening. While passim? under a small foot
bridge one of the children stood up In the
boat, and losing: his balance, capsized It.
Three - of i the . children were drowned. Tho
father la a maniac as a result of the tragedy.
Will Be Made a National Strike.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Announcement was
made to-night that the strike being waged
against the new Iron League and the
employers . In the iron trade In certain
sections of the country will be mad* a
national strike.
CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— A crisis in the rela
tions of the Chicago City Railway and its
union employes, which may result in a
strike, was reached to-day when General
Manager, McCulloch refused the demands
of a delegation of employes headed by
President Mahon of the international or
ganization. The men demanded an in
crease in pay for men in the electric
train department, a reduction in hours
for the barn and repair men and the em
ployment of only union men. The street
car company is a member of the Chicago
Employers' Association and is therefore
pledged to the "open shop" principle. -¦'
May Tie Up Chicago Railways.
DENVON, W. Va., Oct. 5.— Jacob Law
son and Andrew Farrel, both highly re
spected men of this community, who have
been enemies for months, met this after
noon on the street here. After passing a
few words each drew a revolver and
opened fire at the ; same instant. Each
man , fired three shots and Lawson fell
dead, a bullet having pentrated his heart.
Farrel also was shot and died In a half
hour.
Each one of the duelists has several
sons, and the end of the feud is not yet.
TWO FOES OPEN FIBE
AT THE SAME INSTANT
One Falls With Bullet in Heart and
the Other Lives Only a
CLEVELAND, OctT~5.— John D. Rocke
feller, in talking with Rev. Dr. Eaton,
pastor of tho Euclid Avenue Baptist
Church, gave personal testimony as to
the value of religion to him and expressed
a desire to go on the lecture platform.
"You know," he said "I was born In
Richford, N. Y. There was no religion In
Rlchford. When I was 8 years old I
moved to a town made up largely of God
fearing people. That was a revelation to
me. I shudder to think what I should
have been If I had remained in Rlchford
all my life.
"There are so many men who hunt a
little, fish a little, drink whisky a lltte and
only attain a little success in life and
all for the lack of a little religion. The
personal comfort that religion has been
to me Is such that I feel I would like
to go on the lecture platform and tell the
people about It." ."'.; *r' ? "c
Special Dispatch to The Call,
NEW YORK. Oct. 5.— Samuel Parks,
walking delegate of the Housesmlths' and
Brldgemen's Union, returned to-day from
the convention of the Ironworkers at
Kansas City, and announced that he was
for peace with the employers under an ar
bitration agreement, and that he had had
enough of fighting- and waa ready to re
tire as a leader in favor of a younger and
more vigorous man. He declared also that
It was not true that he Intended to call
a strike on the East River bridge.
Members of the Employers' Association,
organized to promote peace agreements
with the unions, said they would not
recognize- Parks or the Housesmlths'
Union, that all the trades unions were in
favor of the arbitration plan and work
would now be generally resumed.
He Has Had Enough of
Fighting and Is Ready
\ < to Retire.
Rockefeller Wants to
Lecture Upon Its
Blessings.
Treasury Officials Ex
clude a Consignment
From Germany.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— More foreign
wines have been excluded from the
United States on account of adulterations.
This time the Rhine wines have come un
der the ban of the Bureau of Chemistry
of the Agricultural Department upon cer
tification from the Secretary of Agricul
ture that the samples examined showed
the use of salicylic acid as a preserva
tive. The Secretary of the Treasury to
day directed the exclusion of a consign
ment of Rhine wine that had been shipped
from Mainz, Germany, to an importer in
Philadelphia. The exclusion of the wines
was on the ground that they were adul
terated so as to be injurious to health and
also on the ground that the sale of wines
in which salicylic acid is used is forbid
den in Germany.
1 The department also excluded to-day a
consignment of olive oil shipped from
Florence, Italy, jj to Baltimore, on the
ground that it was adulterated with other
vegetable oils and was falsely labeled as
"Pure Olive Oil." Another consignment
of olive oil shipped from Maine to Balti
more was also excluded on the ground
that It waa fasely labeled, the analysis
showing that It contained cottonseed oil
and peanut oil. These exclusions of wine
and olive oil, the officials say, cannot fail
to be of immense advantage to Califor
nia's productions.
Servians New Cabinet Is Welcomed.
BELGRADE, Oct 5.— The Servian press
generally welcomes the newr Cabinet, es
pecially the new Premier, General Grulcs,
and the hope la generally expressed that
Servla is entering on a new era which
will enable the country to* make a vigor
ous advance. King Peter will open the
Skupshtina on October 7. ':'.....
In England one person In every 233 ia
Insane. ,-r -
DRAWS COMFORT
FROM RELIGION
"Far from getting for any one of his
proteges a certificate of good character,
McNab was denounced as a foe of union
ism and as a political trickster, while
Lane was handled as a candidate for
whom the Union Labor party has no sym
pathv and no use.
"As for 'Lane himself, he worked late
and early to persuade impatient labor
leaders to believe him not allied with Mc-
Nab. In this line of toil he accomplished
nothing, for of course the labor leaders
are familiar with the situation and are
very well aware that he is McNab's fa
vorite candidate and that he has f<* a
long time been one of McNab's most
trusted lieutenants."
On September 23 last the Examiner pub
lished the new* of the nomination of
"As it happened the attendance at the
meeting was larger .than the- schemers
expected and the sentiment was so in
tensely condemnatory of McNab and so
plainly unfriendly to Lane and everybody
else who' trains with McNab end does
politics with him that the resolution was
not offered.
"Knowing full well that a lot of earnest
Democrats from the interior would insist
at Sacramento on asking from aspirants
for nomination some tangible evidence of
present good standing^ among the trades
unionists of San Francisco, the McNab-
Lane people plotted to bring about a
meeting of such Union Labor party dele
gates as they fancied they could control
and during the meeting to quietly slip
a resolution through— one urging the
Democratic State Convention to nominate
"Lane for Governor.
On September 1 of last year the Ex
aminer again denounced McNab as the
enemy of labor and declared Franklin
K. Lane to be allied with McNab and
that he was one of his trusted lieutenants.
Tlfe publication, under the caption of
"No McNab Man Will Suit Labor," was
as follows:
WILL NOT SUIT LABOR.
if the Democratic convention turns the
Democratic party over to McNab, who
has alienated all but 1461 of the voters,
who dictates Democratic nominations and
then works for Republicans, who elects
Republican officials to harass working
men with injunctions and who thinks It
witty to sav of the members of the labor
unions, "Thank God, we have got rid of
the riff-raff of the Democratic party,' the
Examiner will not support him, nor his
nominees."
ACID IS FOUND
IN THE WINES
"The citizens of San Francisco may
feel themselves fortunate that they ! are
able to claim the services of a. man of
Mr. Lane's experience and character for
the office of Mayor. He is peculiarly
fitted for this position by disposition,
study and training. Mr. Lane has always
shown an interest in the problems of
municipal government. He took an active
part in the movements that resulted in
the construction and adoption of the San
Francisco charter: and his work for the
last five years has been almost exclusive
ly concerned in the problems and necessi
ties of San Francisco's government. For
f*our or five years it has been his chief
duty to Interpret the provisions of the
charter in the light of the needs of gov
ernment that have arisen. • • •
"The citizens are fortunate to have the
opportunity to call for the services of a
man who has made a special study of the
duties of the position of Mayor of San
Francisco, and we have no doubt that
they will elect Mr. Lane. They would
show a surprising blindness to their own
interests if they turned aside from the op
portunity to get a man of such excep
tional Qualifications for the place."
On Tuesday, September 2, 1902, the Ex-
"At the head of the Democratic ticket
is Mr. Franklin K. Lane. The nomina
tion has come to him without seeking.
The candidate has been sought, the nom
ination thrust upon him. It has been no
secret that he would have preferred to
remain in his present office, and has taken
fche nomination for Mayor as a measure
of loyalty to his party and duty to the
city.
"Mr. Lane therefore comes before the
people with a different claim on their
attention than a man who is seeking the
office through ambition or self-interest.
• • •
NOW SUPPORTS LANE.
undefended city. Privileges for corpora
tions, patronage and plunder for the poli
ticians—this is the programme that has
been discussed with the frankness of
pirates considering the capture of a treas
ure ship. I
"On the other slderare ranged men who
have been tried and found faithful, stand
ing for the defense of the interests of
their fellow citizens. The choice now
rests with the voters. • • •
"The restoration of harmony in the
Democratic party has removed one of the
danger's to the government of San Fran
cisco. It has placed before the people a
strong ticket supported by a united party.
PARKS DECLARES
HE IS FOR PEACE
"If the Democratic convention is truly
representative of the Democratic party
the Examiner will support its nominees
with vigor, strength and fearlessness; but
"It will fight the men and the political
candidates who are lined up with Gavin
McNab.
"Gavin McNab is the enemy of the
plain people and the foe of the trades
union movement and the men he puts
forward and who permit themselves to
be put forward by him, this paper, ac
cordingly, cannot and will not support,
no matter under what party name they
are proposed.
FOE OF THE UNIONS.
"He is hated and despised by union
labor, because he Is the survivor and sole
legatee of the Phelan-McNab machine.
He is despised by the Democrats of San
Francisco because, though given some
power to defeat Buckley and protesting
that his sole purpose In politics was
purity and reform, he has driven every
one from the party councils except his
own small clique.
Herewith are published a few extracts
from this editorial, ¦wherein the Examiner
gave its views of Franklin K. Lane and
the man who was his sponsor for his
election as Governor:
"The men responsible for the misuse of
authority in San Francisco were James
D. Phelan and Gavin McNab. They
turned the police force over to the Em
ployers' Association and, through their
lieutenants, ordered the police not to ar
rest union men, but to club their heads
oft whenever they were found- The pos
session of a union card was a sure pass
port to a cot In the receiving hospital.
"But should he control the convention,
we ask what good will it do him? The
answer Is 'none whatever,' unless he has
been bribed by the Republican porty to
assist in the ruin of Democracy. Unless
he is the Benedict Arnold of the Demo
cratic party, his control of this conven
tion will be as valueless to him as a title
to the mountains in the moon. -No Demo
cratic ticket nominated by Gavin McNab
can hope to be elected in California.
"To ' run on the McNab ticket means
absolute defeat. .
IS McNAB'S LIEUTENANT.
amlner published a glaring editorial en
titled "The Unions Will Have Nono I of
McNab." "Plain statements of the Ex
aminer's political position and the con
ditions that confront the Democratic
State convention." ',
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1903.
PHOTOGRAPHIC REPRODUCTION OF EDITORIAL. IN THE EXAMINER IN WHICH IT IS DECLARED THAT
THE CANDIDACY OF FRANKLIN K. LANE FOR THE GOVERNORSHIP OF CALIFORNIA IS INIMICAL TO
LABOR AND WILL NOT BE SUPPORTED BY THAT NEWSPAPER.
The Hebrew millionaires in America
number 115.
The team became frightened and frac
tious and ran away. At a turn in the
road the occupants of the vehicle were
hurled violently to the ground. They
both were picked up unconscious. Mrs.
Ri;;-h is nearly seventy years old and
t!u-re is little hope of her recovery.
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. 5.-1^. C. Chandler
and his aunt. Mrs. E. Rush, both of this
city, were injured in a runaway accident
this afternoon, Mr. Chandler seriously
and Mrs. Rush probably fatally hurt.
The couple were driving along thecounty
road near Ross Station.
Sirs. Rush of San Rafael and L. C.
Chandler Sustain Dangerous
Injuries.
"WOMAN AND NEPHEW
HTXET IN A RUNAWAY
SONORA. Oct. 4.— Hugh E. Jones, a
miner residing near Soulsbyville, in this
county, was found dead on his back porch
yesterday afternoon. Neighbors heard a
eunsttot and went to the Jones house to
Inquire the cause. They found him with
a gunshot wound In his left side, above
the heart.
Mrs. Jones In a few moments came on
the scene from within the house and was
apparently very much surprised. She sug
ptsted that her husband must have com
mitted suicide. He had apparently been
fitting on the box trying on a pair of now
eV.ocs. as he had one shoe oTi when
found. In his right hand he held his pipe,
• which he had been smoking.
Mrs. Jor.es was arrested on a charge of
murder and is now in the County Jail in
this place.
Jones was a member of the Ancient Or
. d^r cf United Workmen in Park City.
1'tah. where he formerly resided, the pol
icy of S2XK) being in favor of his wife.
They had no children. He was about 45
years of age.
Mrs. Jones claims that she knows noth
ing of the shotir.g, as at the time she
heard the shot she was In the house
chancing her clothing. She had a bottle
.of whjsky in her room, but apparently was
not under the influence of liquor at the
time of the shooting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Neighbors Find the Man Lifeless
From a Gunshot Wound and
Have Doubts That He Com
mitted Suicide.
"San Francisco faces a political emer
gency. The coming election will decide
whether graft or good government is to
rule. It will decide whether the machin
ery of the city is to be run for the benefit
of the corporations or the people.
"On the one side are ranged the cor
rupting and the corruptible elements of
the city, allied for purposes of private
profit. These elements are confident of
victory. They have parceled out in ad
vance the portions of San Francisco that
they will divide among their forces like
the leaders of buccaneers approaching an
5
- \ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Some Special
ICeller values
for the early part of this week. The quality is not alone at-
tractive, the Keller prices are easy and the service you get is
prompt and courteous. Come in to-day and see some of the
good things we have for men's wear.
Fall Underwear
in heavy weight, all wool, natural color; shirts self-faced, fash-
ion seams; drawers have double crotch. Keller's TfEZr*
price, per garment :; /vu
New Neckwear.
New colorings and new patterns for ¦ fall wear. In English
squares, the very latest, with beautiful new medium and dark
shades. Extra wide ends and full/ length. Keller's Cflrv
price OUO
rine Hosiery
in large and elegant assortment, fancy hose, black OtZp
grounds and small figures and dots; splendid values at
102S-1030 Market Street. . . /
San Francisco.
1157-1159 Washington Str*«C !i • *
Oakland* *-*—^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£an Francisco. Tuesday, 6 October, 1903.
A substantial pak chair finished golden color. Made
with strong cane seat and braced firmly. A better look-
ing chair as well as a better made one than is usually
offered at two dollars.
On every floor and in every line new things have
crowded in until almost every inch of floor space is
exhausted. An attempt to tell you here about the many
new ideas would be useless— you must come and see
them. Welcome, you know, always — just to look.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)'
957 to 977 Market Street. San FranciscoThe Scandinavian Lutheran Ladles' Aid
Society will hold its annual bazaar and
entertainment on Wednesday, Thursday
and Friday evenings of this week at 1663
Howard street.
Will Hold Annual Bazaar.
The announcement is made that when the Federal
Grand Jury adjourns this week at the national capital
the investigation of postal scandals may be consid
ered ended. What a welcome relief this will be to
the unknown and consequently not dishonest postal
officials who have dodged into dark corners to avoid
the light of inquiry and exposure.
BOSTON. Oct. 5.— Ten men of the crew
of the Norwegian steamer Arendal, res
cued from their disabled vessel on Sep
tember 26, were brought in to-day by the
Leyland line steamer Bostonlan. The
Arendal was bound from Newport News
for Pernambuco with coal, and became
dismasted and lost all her boats when the
Bostonian fell in with her. As there was
no hope of saving the vessel she was set
on fire when the crew left.
Besetted Sailors Beach Boston.
Stanford No. 76, the elite- parlor of the
Native Sons of the Golden West, has ar
ranged for a theater party at Fischer's
on the night of October 30. . On the night
of Monday, November 23, the parlor will
have a ladies' night, when a very inter
esting programme 'will be presented for
the entertainment of the guests. This
will be for the benefit of the members
and their friends..
Stanford's Programme.
The arbitration tribunal which has assembled to
determine the equities in the Venezuelan row has
decided that all the claims must fle presented in En
glish. If experience be any guide the claims may be
presented in _ every modern language of the world
and then their satisfaction by Venezuela will be a
matter of the gravest uncertainty.
SALT LAKE, Oct. 5.— The feature of
to-day's session of the forty-seventh
semi-annual conference of the Mormon
church, which is being held in the Taber
nacle, was the stirring exhortation of
Apostle John W. Taylor, In which he de
nounced Christian science, hypnotism,
evolution, spiritualism and other isms* as
the work of the devil, and urged Mor
mons to shun the teachers of those doc
trines.
Denounces Christian Science.
SEVEN TEARS.— A. S., City. It is a
presumption of lawyers that if a husband
has been absent seven consecutive years
from his home, and that th« wife has not
heard from him directly or indirectly, al
though she has made every inquiry to
locate him, that he is "legally" dead and
that she is at liberty to marrr again
without securing a divorcf-, but sometimes
the "legally dead" turns up unexpectedly
and there is an awkward situation. 1c
is safer to obtain a divorce, in the State
of California on the ground of desertion.
The same applies to a husband whoso
wife has disappeared for seven years.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger yesterday exonerated from
blame Second Assistant Engineer H. R.
Beckett for a firo that occurred on August
23 on the steamer "WLittier. The faulty
construction of the oil feeding apparatus
was the cause of the fire. Mr. Beckett,
instead of deserting the steamer, stuck
to his post and extinguished the fire, thus
Favlng the vessel from destruction. Five
thousand barrels of petroleum were on
board. ' .
Brave Engineer Exonerated.
The trial of ex-Lieutenant Governor James H. Till
man for the murder of Gonzales has progressed far
enough to win unique fame among the court cases of
the Southern States. The jury has been secured and
much valuable evidence has been submitted both by
the prosecution and the defense, yet there has not
been even a whisper or a suggestion of an outrage or
another murder in connection with the affair. The
fire of the South is dying.
A MASSACHUSETTS QUESTION.
SCIENCE has done much to instruct people in
the necessities of and to point out the
things we eat that do not enter into the
nourishment of the body, but are taken to satisfy
the palate only. These surplus articles that are not
food are, as a rule, the most expensive part of the
diet, and they do not aid digestion nor assimilation,
but clog and hinder both. Americans are the greatest
caters in the world, and also the greatest wasters.
It is estimated that our population of 80,000,000
everj' day wastes enough to feed an equal number and
keep them in prime condition for all the duties of
life. It is an unpleasant reflection that any among
us should lack food, where it is so abundant and needs
only a proper distribution to fill every mouth that
craves it. The waste we make, if put where needed,
would fatten every rib on every man, woman and
child that is now in need of daily bread.
A gentleman in the Argentines is reported to
have been experimenting with his diet, with aston
ishing results. He was formerly an officer in the
navy, but does not say whether his attention was
drawn to dietetic reform by eating hard tack and
canned soup. He announces the discovery that he
can live well on five cents a day, eating only oranges
and bread. This diet amply sustains his strength and
he finds no impairment of any of his physical or
mer.tal .force resulting from its use.
His experiment proves that the cost of the neces
saries of life has increased in the last fifty years.
When Horace Greeley edited the Tribune and made
it one of the greatest newspapers ever published, he
ceaselessly taught the ways of economy in diet. Solon
Robinson was his agricultural writer, and the files
of the paper during the fifties will "disclose many of
Solon's sage observations on, domestic economy in
diet. He wrote and published in pamphlet form:
"One dime a day; how 'twas earned: how 'twas spent,
and how five mouths it fed." As we remem
ber it. he proved that at the then current market
prices in New York City ten cents sufficiently dieted
five in a family. That was two cents apiece, and beat
the Argentine gentleman by three cents a day per
head. Respecting an exclusive diet of oranges and
bread we are inclined to think that the ex-naval
officer is a case of individual physiology, and that
such a diet would not prove universally suitable.
Then the amount and kind of food necessary to sus
tain life at working pitch is affected by conditions of
climate and occupation. The Chinese laborers are
perhaps the best example of a people who can live
and toil unceasingly on the same diet from the
equator to the polar circles. With their rice, varied
but little by occasional fish, flesh or fowl, they resist
all weather and work well under a vertical sun in the
tropics, or at Nome or Dawson City.
Such experiences as that of the Argentinian, while
not to be accepted as of universal application, are use
ful in calling attention to the needless expenditure
rrade by nearly all our people upon- a diet that is not
necessary to satisfy or to strengthen them.
MASSACHUSETTS is discussing with great
ardor whether or no the Democrats of the
State should declare to the country that they
believe Richard Olney ought to be the next Presi
dent of the United States. Persons unfamiliar with
New England will probably find it difficult to under
stand whjfc there should be any great stress placed
upon such an issue, for in any other State a similar
one would be looked upon merely as a controversy
over the political prospects of a favorite son and no
I one outside of the partisans engaged in the thick
l'of the strife . would care very much about it. In
Any organited y»cht club of a foreign eoun
try, incorporated, patented or licensed by ths
legislature, admlr&llty or other executive de
partment. ha.vlr.ff for lta annual regatta an
ocean water course on the **a or an arm of
the sea (or one which combines both), prac
ticable for vessels of 30O tona. shall always
be entitled, through one or more of Its mem
ber* to the light of Balling a match for this
cup with a yacht cr other vessel propelled by
salts only and constructed In the country to
which the challenging club belongs, asralnst any
one yacht or vessel as aforesaid constructed In
the country of the club holdlne the cup.
THE AMERICA CUP— F., City. Tna
conditions under which the America Cup
Is held are:
' WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day: At the St. James, P. R. Madley of
San Francisco; at the National,'; W. C.
Colson and wife of Fresno: at the New
Willard, H. G. Stevenson, Mr. and Mrs.
F. S. Moody. William Kohl and wife.
Miss M. E. Kohl, George E. Moore and
wife of San "Francisco, and Arthur Glea
son of Pasadena,
Californians in Washington.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 5.— Counsel for
the shareowners of the Consolidated Lake
Superior Company will appear in court in
New York to-morrow and ask that an in
junction be granted restraining Speyer &
Co., the bankers, from offering for sale
the'securities pledged with them to Insure
the payment of the $5,050,000 loan made to
the Consolidated Company. If the Injunc
tion is granted shareowners will have
more time In which to perfect their reor
ganization plans.
Seek to Prevent Sale of Securities
Pledged by the Consolidated
Lake Superior Company.
STOCKHOLDERS WELL ASK
FOR RESTRAINING ORDER
BOLT FACTORIES-J. B. t Seattle.
"Wash. This department does not adver
tise any kind of business. If you desire
the address of a bolt factory send a self
addressed and stamped envelope; an an
swer will be sent by mail. Correspondents
desiring the business address of any one
or firm should inclose stamped and ¦elf
addressed envelope for reply.
DEWEY BOULEVARD— H., City. Th»
reason given for the closing of the Dewey
boulevard by the Sutro estate is that tho
city authorities failed to keep their agree
ment to maintain the boulevard in condi
tion in accordance with the stipulation*
of the late Adolph Sutro.
From Los Angeles— O. Homer at the
Broadway Central; I. Neides at the Her
ald Square.
From Oakland — J. F. Collom at the
Grand Union and A. Mcgahan at the
Astor.
From San Francisco— W. J. Rogers at
the St. George; A. Saxe, Miss H. Saxe
and Dr. E. H. Smith and .wife at the
Jefferson; F. E. Ware at the Grand; M.
L. Williams at the St. Denis; AV. H.
Young at the Gilsey and C. P. Colladay at
the Criterion.
From San Diego— I. J. Gill at the Hol
land.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5. — The following
Callfornians are in New York:
Californians in New York.
ST. ANTHONY— A Subscriber, Berke
ley, Cal. The population of the St. An
thony district, Fremont County, Idaho,
Is about 860. This includes the population
of the town of St. Anthony, which ia
about 400. The chief resource of that
district 13 mining.
THE SULTANA— Subscriber, Oakland. *
Cal. The steamer Sultana, with 2106 per
sons on board, mostly Union prisoners re
turning home from Southern prisons, ex
ploded on the Mississippi River April 23.
1S65. The number of lives lost was 1320.
SPOKANE, Wa«h., Oct. 5.— The striking
linemen of the Pacific States Telephone
Company in this city refused to return to
work this morning, in spite of advices
from San Francisco that the strike had
been settled. The men have received no
assurance that the settlement takes care
of the telephone girls, who are also on
strike. Unless the girls are included the
linemen will not work here.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 5.— The officials
of the Pacific States Telephone Company
to-day received instructions from San
Francisco to re-employ all striking line
men who apply for work, except those
who may have been Instrumental in dam
aging the company's property or business.
Twenty-four men applied for work to-day
and It is thought probable that all of
them will be put to work within a few
days. About fifty men went out when the
strike was declared, but many of them
have left the city.
Spokane Strikers Will Not Beturn
Unless Telephone Operators Are
Also Employed.
LINEMEN ABE LOYAL
TO THE "HELLO" GIBLS
THE COST OF LIVING.
TULA METAL— Subscriber, City. Tula
metal is a peculiar alloy of silver, with
small proportions of copper and lead,
manufactured at the imperial metal
work3 at Tula, Russia, and used for*mak
lng the famous Russian snuff boxes.
INDIAN LANDS— A. W., Port Costa.
Cal. No time has yet been fixed for the
opening of the Indian lands in Utah. You
may possibly obtain the desired informa
tion by communicating with the General
Land Office, Washington, D. C.
WHEAT— Subscriber. Santa Rosa. Cal.
For Information about the particular
kind of wheat alluded to in letter of in
quiry, address a communication to the
experimental station. University of Cali
fornia, Berkeley, Cal.
The irresistible deire of a militiaman to carry into
uniform the familiarises of every-day life and to hail
his colonel as "old hoss" may be entirely consistent
with good fighting qualities when their presence is
needed. In the fine and minute points of discipline
the militia can never be brought to the precision. of
regulars. The regular does not constantly oscillate
between civil and military experience. Once enlisted
his civil experience is confined to getting drunk on
pay day. Otherwise he is constantly absorbing from
his officers and drillmaster the rigid discipline neces
sary to the professional soldier.
With the militiaman it is different. The pomp and
circumstance of military life are exceptional and his
civil life the rule. He cannot be expected to carry
over into his civil life his military discipline, to walk
as part of a formation and hold his chin at the mar
tial elevation. On the other hand his civil freedom
is inevitably carried into his occasional military ex
perience. Yet he makes a good soldier. In our
civil war the million volunteers had learned some
thing of formation and the manual of arms in the
militia, and wHt'n the hard work came they put their
heroic shoulders to it and never winced. The Na
tional Guard of California need not be ashamed of
the record of the First Regiment in our Spanish war,
nor of the patriotic patience of the Eighth, which
took arms and with other of our militia bodies stood
at attention waiting to be called into actual war.
The inspector need hot be criticized for wanting a
little more starch in our militia manners, but no one
must conclude from his strictures that our National
I Guard is lacking in the stout-hearted American ma
terial upon which the country relies for defense in
time of trial.
INSPECTOR KOSTER has gone through the
National Guard of California and doesn't like it.
The men wobble while standing: at "attention,"
are, deficient in the manners and morals of guard
duty and axe suspected of chewing gum and other un
martial practices. We have no doubt that, from the
strict and martinet standpoint, our citizen soldiers
v«re not up to the mark. A man whose walk and con
versation are civil for most of the time cannot be ex
pected to drop the free and easy even on dress
parade.. But they may all have in them the stuff out
of which American soldiers are made for all that.
SAVINGS BANK— P. K.. Ventura. Cal.
If you desire to deposit money in one of
the San Francisco savings banks address
a communication to the cashier of the
bank, who will give information as to th«
method of procedure.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
AKRON, O.. Oct. 5.— A color rush at
Buchtel College to-day resulted In the
faculty suspending every man In college
except three, and they remain because
they did not reach the college until after
the rush was over. Friday night the up
per classmen initiated the freshmen, put
ting them through a severe course, and
when the latter appeared at the chapel
this morning wearing their colors. Presi
dent Church made a speech prohibiting a
color rush. He stated that the freshmen
had been initiated in a more severe man
ner than any class ever were in the in
stitution, and he upheld them in wear
ing their colors. 'As soon as chapel was
over the upper classmen went after the
freshmen and tore their colors off, and
bloody noses and torn clothes were in
evidence. The faculty then suspended
both classes.
Students Are Boughly Handled and
Faculty Suspends the Members
of Warring Classes.
OOLOB BUSH AT BUCHTEL
COLLEGE CAUSES TBOUBLE
COPYRIGHT— Subscriber, City. To
copyright a drama send a copy of the
title page and 50 cents to the Librarian
of Congress, with a request for ccpy
right. at the same time giving full name
and address.
A. II. Kohn, son of one of New York's
wealthy business men. and wife arrived
yesterday from the East and registered
at the Palace..
George F. Moore, a lumber man of Seat
tle, arrived yesterday from Eureka, where
he has been inspecting some timber lands.
He is at the Palace.
A party of wealthy excursionists from
Halifax. N. B., composed of H. C. Mc-
Leod, Charles Archibald. G. S. Campbell
and T. Walter Allison, arrived from Vic-^
toria yesterday and registered at the Pal
ace. They are making a tour of the
United States and Canada.
Joseph S. McCoy and W. P. Armstrong,
attaches of the War Department, accom
panied by Joseph McCoy Jr.. arrived at
the Palace yesterday from Washington.
They are here as custodians of certain
Government documents, which are to be
used in the prosecution of Gustave Malin
quist, charged with attempting to secure
a pension fraudulently.
Luther Burbank of Santa Rosa, known
as the wizard of horticulture,' is spending
a few days in the city and is at the
Grand. : " ;-;;.: fASi'-^i \ '.!-'¦ ¦¦ .'._
Commander RIchardspn Clover of the
navy and family are down from their
country home In Napa and are residing at
the Palace.
W E. Gerber, a merchant of Sacra
mento and a State Fish Commissioner, is
at the Palace. EejK
Rev. L. H. WingfleldDigby of England
is at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. A. B. Cutter of Albuquer
que are at the California.
John T. Arundel. a mining man of Lon
don, is a guest at the Occidental.
John Finnell, the well-known wealthy
rancher of Tehama. is at the Palace.
"W H. Nichols and Dwight Holllster.
merchants of Courtland. are at the Grand*
PERSONAL MENTION.
NOTE— L., City. The life of a promis
sory note is not affected because the
maker is out of the State. In California
the life of a note is two years if made
out of the State and four years If made in
the State.
The French racing world, it is said, suspects that
our trainers drug horses upon occasions. What a
flood of light has been shed upon the French intelli
gence! We don't suspect that race horses are drug
ged, jockeys and officials are bribed and the public
bunkoed. We have passed beyond the stage of sus
picion to the open field of knowledge.
COIN QUESTIONS— Half a dozen cor
respondents. This department will an
swer questions relative to the value of
American coins if the correspondents w}U
inclose a self-addressed and stamped en
velope.
POPULATION— N. N.. City. The popu
lation of San Francisco in 1S00, according
to the United States census, was 298.997-
In 1900 it was 342.7S2. At this time It is
estimated that the population is 370,000.
DIVORCE— W., City. There is nothing
in the law of California that permits an
individual to be married in the State
within twenty-four hours after dlvorca
has been granted such individual.
THE CALL— H. T.. San Jose. Cal. Tho
Call was first Issued December 1. 1&>5. By
an association of five printers— P. B. Fos
ter. Lew Zublin. J. J. Ayers, Charles i.
Jobson and W. L. Carpenter.
PORTLAND, Oct. 5.— The heads of all
colleges in Oregon have taken action to
check the excessive devotion of students
to football. December 1 has been adopted
unanimously as' the close of the season
and it was decided to organize a senior
and a junior league of all the colleges and
secondary educational institutions, with
the object of preventing games with out
side clubs, which are considered as in
jurious to the students.
A committee has been appointed to in
vestigate all cases of professionalism and
with power to reinstate members as ama
teurs for the purpose of the proposed
leagues. Some of the students from in
terior towns have infringed the rules of
amateurism by competing for money
prizes at Fourth of July meets and in
other unimportant events. An effort -was
made to discourage games on Thanksgiv
ing day, but no motion on the subject was
carried. Other subjects discussed were
the relationship of athletics to study and
their control by the faculty. No action
was taken on these matters, but the sense
of the conference of teachers was that
absolute control of athletics should rest
as a final resort in the faculty.
Excessive Devotion to the Sport Op
posed by the Professors in
Oregon.
COLLEGE MEN MUST
LIMIT FOOTBALL WORK
SONNAMBULA-A. C. D.. City. Tho
opera written by Bellini Is "La. Sonnam
bula " not "Somnambula." The word is
Italian and means the Bleep walker or
somnambulist.
Many accidents happen through the carelessness
or negligence of street railway employes. The cars
frequently start while a passenger is getting on
or off. Children, in playing upon the streets, are
run down by the cars. Vehicles are collided with and
their occupants thrown out. In all these injuries,
when inflicted upon any railroad operated by private
parties, the courts are open to the injured for redress,
and if he establishes the negligence of the railroad
company's emploves juries are very quick to award
" .... . "¦¦-:;
ample damages. If these injuries happen on the rail
road operated by the city, the injured party would
be demurred out of court and his wTongs go unre
dressed. It therefore would behoove people to ride
on the cars of the United Railroads which parallel the
Geary- street road rather than on the Geary-street
road if it is operated by the city.
It is true the charter may be changed, but we can
only act under the law that is in existence, and this
law exempts the city from liability for any such
injuries. t
T»HI£ charter provides (section 5, article I) that
I there shall be no recourse against the city and
county for damage to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of accident on any street.
If the city constructs and operates the Geary-street
road it will be no more free from accidents than are
other street railroads. In fact, if its supervision over
the street railway is as lax as is generally the super
vision of political officials over their subordinates,
there will be more accidents, more injuries inflicted
by the negligence and carelessness of the employes
of this railroad than of other railroads. The city,
however, by reason of the charter, is exempt from
liability for such injuries. The result will be that the
people injured on the Geary-street road will be un
able to recover damages for injuries suffered thereby,
however serious and permanent may be these in-
A POINTER FOR VOTERS.
HYDE PARK-S. D. S.. City. The area
of Hyde Park. London, is 472 acres. \V Ith
the addition of the Kensington Garden*
it is 593 acres.
NIAGARA BRIDGE-J. G. M.. City.
The length of the span of the Niagara
suspension bridge from tower to tower is
2220 feet.
CAPTAIN BARR-A. S.. City. Captain
Barr. the America Cup defending captain,
was born In Gourock, Scotland.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TUESDAY..... •: OCTOBER 6. 1903
J0HH D. SPRECKELS, Proprietors
Address A I Communications to JOHN McSAUGHT. Man*$tr.
~teijephon£
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ycu With the Department You Wish.
PCBL1CATIOX OFFICE. . .31 orket and Third,, 8. K.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to .21 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month- Single Copies 5 Cents.
Turns by Mall. Includln* Postage iCash With Ordert:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one rear * S '\A
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months -»^ o °
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *°
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 2^»JJ
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 -°°
r Daily... »8.SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE { Funday- 4.1 5 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l-OO Per Year Extra
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Mor.tpomery. comer cf Clay, open
cr.tll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes. op»n until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin. open until
t:SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1OSW Va
lencia, cpen until 8 o'clock. J06 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church en* Duncan streets, open
vntll 0 o'clock. ICW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
cr*n until 9 fi'clcck. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 o'clock.
-
SAN JOSE. Oct. 5.— The State Grange
will open its annual session In Odd Fel
lows* Hall to-morrow forenoon. Many
delegates are expected and the sessions
will be the most Interesting ever held in
California. Charles W. Emerv, master of
the State Grange, arrived this morning
from Oakland. J. H. Hyden, master of
the Sacramento Grange, and W. V. Grif
fith of Geyserville, a member of the ex
ecutive committee, are, also in the city
and more of the State officers arrived
this evening. The programme of the ses
sions will be as follows:
Tuesday forenoon, preliminary business;
afternoon, reports of masters and officers;
evening, 8 o'clock, reception at the Uni
tarian Church, where the following pro
gramme will be rendered: Music. D'Ab
laing'a Orchestra; opening remarks. E. A.
Hayes; address of welcome. Judge Hy
land; response, C. W. Emery, master of
State Grange; vocal solo. Mrs. McFar
lane; address, H. C. Raap, overseer State
Grange; recitation, Mrs. Freeman; ad
dress, J. C. Cornell, lecturer State
Grange; vocal solo. Miss Katherine Hus
ted. Reception memorial exercises, to
which the public is invited.
Wednesday— Business session in the
forenoon; woman's work session in the
afternoon; 8 o'clock in the evening exer
cises, to which the public is invited.
Thursday — Business sessions both fore
noon and afternoon: in the evening the
conferring of the fifth and sixth degrees,
to be followed by a Pomona feast in Turn
Verin Hall.
Friday— The election and installation of
officers and general business.
Street railways are proper objects for
the investment of surplus capital, and
many of our citizens hold the bonds of
this road, by means of winch they draw
dividends and thereby add to their small
revenues. The laboring man, the me
chanic, the man of small means, the man
who paves and wishes to advance him
self in this world's prosperity, by the pur
chase of a few bonds has his Income in
creased. If he is taxed in order that the
city may become the purchaser, he has to
put his money into the road whethpr or
no, but it would puzzle even a Philadel
phia lawyer to find out when he is going
to receive a corresponding benefit. The
city has no. surplus fund by means of
which it could become the owner, and the
only way it can get the money Is by
means of a compulsory loan, or in other
words a direct tax.
'Whenever there is a sufficient surplus
in the treasury to warrant the city in be
coming an Investor in private enterprises,
it will then be time to consider what will
be most profitable, and at the same time
be that which will benefit every citizen,
to whom the money properly belongs.
There is another view to be taken of
the matter. It would be an unjust dis
crimination. If the charter of the Geary
street road is renewed until the charter
of the United Railroads expires, and then,
if it should be deemed wise and safe, let
the city assume the ownership and con
trol of the entire system, there would be
at least a semblance of consistency and
fairness in the proposition. But until
then ordinary justice would suggest that
the Geary street road be placed on the
same plane with all others and that no
unwise or unjust experiments be made at
this time.
The colored vote of this city is suffi
ciently large to have an influence In the
result of election. Let him put on his
thinking cap for a moment and ask him
self this question: "Wherein am I to be
benefited by passing the control of thi3
road to the citv. and what Injustice to
the rights of others may I not assist in
doing if I should vote in the affirmative?"
The right minaed thinking man will vote
"No." Go to the polls on Thursday. Oc
tober 8 and put your cross opposite the
word "No."-The Pacific Coast Appeal.
On Thursday, October 8, the voters of
this city will be called upon to . s&y
whether they will be taxed to obtain what
private enterprise has already secured
them, or whether they will be content
to enjoy the privileges they now have
without the additional luxury of being
taxed for it. v The acquisition of the road
by the city will not inure to the advan
tages of any other than the few politi
cians who are figuring for political power
and personal aggrandizement. One thing
is certain, and that is that under no con
sideration or in any manner will the col
ored contingent be benefited by the own
ership of the Geary street railroad. On
the contrary they will find it to their ben
efit to vote "No" to the proposition sub
mitted to them.
REDDING. Oct. 5.-Every reservoir
around V.-eaverville. Trinity <-ou"ty._ haa
been drained, every dwelling in the , to«n
of Little Mountain has been ransacked
telephone messages have been sent to all
possible places, riders have gone i
more remote camos of the county ami
search parties are beating up the canyons
over the mountains in the viclnitv of
Weaverville. yet absolutely no trace can
be found of Harry Paulsen. manager or
the Union Hotel and acknowledged he
most popular young man in « eav "
who disappeared a week a «<> to " n '-, n ' 9
Paulsen was in eood spirits and »«»
about to retire for the night when last
seen. He seemed to drop from the «ai«
of tho earth. All Trinity and part of
Shasta County Is worked up over tne
mysterious case. Paulsen's accounts .are
absolutely correct. No known motive
exists for suicide. There is a semblance,
but just a semblance of a suspicion of
foul play.
THE city campaign is just warming up and will
scon be in the lurid stage. It is a triangular
fight. At two of the corners stand Mayor
Schmitz and Mr. Lane, respectively. Their places
on the diamond may be known without putting an ear
to the ground. They are identified by vociferation.
Each of those gentlemen has circumnavigated him
self and each submits a chart for public approval.
Mr. Lane has notified the public of his entire satis
faction with himself. He has looked himself over
and fearlessly declares that he is satisfied with him
self. He finds no flaw anywhere, and sees no reason
why his office-holding career shall not be indefi
nitely extended, inasmuch as he is convinced that he
is unique, the only article of the kind now in stock,
and that h*e is a public necessity. If the people will
only agree with him, accept him as a phenomenon
and as one of the necessaries of life, he will confer
upon them the favor of continuing in office.
Mayor Schmitz is not backward on his corner.
He has announced his approval of hinfself and all of
his works. He has gone somewhat further than Mr.
Lane, on a line that Lane has perhaps reserved for
future exploitation. The Mayor has approved of his
own oratory and tells his constituents that he is en
tranced by the echo of his- own eloquence. He has
uttered the opinion that his oratorical efforts in rep
resenting the city before the facejof distinguished vis
itors have been fine, and have received the approval
of all hearers, including himself. He insists, in fact,
that he, and not Mr. Lane, is "It" when it comes to
the parts of speech.
While these two gentlemen are telling all they
know about themselves, and each is tugging away
at the boot straps of his own good opinion of him
self in the effort to lift himself into office, Mr.
Crocker is silent on his corner and does not venture
to ratify himself at all. He has lived his life here,
and his daily walk has been among the people of
San Francisco. Some approve of him and some do
not, as is the fashion with men. He may have quali
ties in their line as remarkable as those that the
other candidates have discovered in themselves. If
so, it is enough for the people to discover them in
his acts and not in his words. He is a business man,
and such are men of deeds and not of words.
So, while the Labor party and Democratic corners
of the triangle resemble the stocks of gay flowers
for sale on the Chronicle corner, and Mayor Schmitz
and Mr. Lane are throwing orchids at themselves,
the Republican corner is not in bloom with that class
of flowers.
But for all that Mr. Crocker is not left without
witnesses, though he does not testify in his own be
half. From all over the State rises testimony to his
useful service in behalf of the rural industries and
J production of California. A few years ago the vin
; tage of this State languished. The vineyards were
without profit and their owners without credit. Vines
were being uprooted and grape-growers were in the
agony of sacrifice of their costly plantations to change
their industry in the desperate hope of saving their
lands from the prevalent mortgage that rested upon
the vines of hill and valley throughout the State.
To revive that industry, make it "profitable, save
the homes of the growers and save to the State mil
lions of investment, was a task as great and in some
respects more difficult than the righteous government
of San Francisco. To that task Mr. Crocker set him
self with energy and intelligence. Almost before thl?
State knew what had happened the change came, the" 3 ;
transformation was effected. The vineyard industry
was regenerated, and profit and contentment took the
place of loss and disappointment. This was done by
Mr. Crocker's skill in business organization. The
trouble was not lack of fruitfulness in the vineyards,
of skill and industry in the planters, but it was in the
lack of proper commercial organization of the in
dustry. The grape-growers had been in the grasp
of a monopoly that controlled commerce in the vin
tage. He carried commercial principles, and a just
share of the profits, back to every vine that purpled in
the sunshine of California, and when it was done
he did not mount an eminence and cry out to all
passers: "Come, all ye gallant gentlemen, and take a
look at me! I did it," but he was content to have
done something, to have acted well in an emergency,
and left approval and praise to others, if they were
minded to approve and praise.
Now these planters, from far apart sections of the
State, noting his nomination for Mayor of this city,
unable to vote for him, yet unwilling to be silent,
are formally expressing their unforgotten obligation
to him, and from every vineyard in California rises
a note of approval of Henry J. Crocker. What the
planters say he did for their industry was a material
benefit. It was not thrilling audiences with oratory,
nor was it seeking the emoluments of office and
posing in the public eye as an object of interest.
But it was a real service, that turned loss into profit,
lifted mortgages, paid debts, built better homes, sent
sons and daughters to school, effaced the hard lines
of life and made a brighter light in many a window.
It also had its favorable reaction upon many lines of
business in this city. It put cash in place of credit
at myriad country stores, and cash in place of credit
into the dealings of the country merchant with the
city jobber. Yet Mr. Crocker did not brag about it,
and if it cause bouquets to be thrown to his corner
they are cast voluntarily by others, by men of all
parties, and are not thrown by himself to himself.
We by no means minimize the merits of Mayor
Schmitz and Mr. Lane. If we wanted to, they
would not permit it. Their trombones are in
too good order for that. No one can get
even a small word in edgewise in regard to
them, for they monopolize all the- language of
eulogy in describing themselves. There is not a
single adjective, verb or adverb employed in laudation
left idle. They are working the ascriptive part of
the language into that tired feeling upon themselves,
their qualities, their merits and their virtues. But
above all this auction at which they bid upon them
selves at their own estimate of their value comes the
clear, far note from hill and valley, raised by volun
teers, that Henry J. Crocker did something of im
portance to his fellow citizens and the State and
didn't brag about it.
GEARY-STREET
PROJECT MEANS
A DIRECT TAX
STATE GRANGE
WILL CONVENE
IN SAN JOSE
TRINITY HILLS
ARE SEARCHED
FOR PAULSEN
New England it is different. TJie issue there runs
beyond Mr. Olney and Democracy and takes in the
big question of the availability of New England men
as candidates for ijhe Presidency.
The issue arises in this way: Aniong the domi
nant set of politicians in the New England States
there has grown up a belief- since Blaine's time that
as those States are sure for the Republican candi
date, no matter who he may be, it would be poor
politics for the Republicans to nominate a New Eng
lander. They argue that the same set of facts make
it equally inexpedient for Democrats to nominate a
New Englander. Hence they say to present the name
of Olney as the choice of Massachusetts' Democ
racy would be self-stultification, since it would de
prive the delegates from that State of a chance to
make advantageous trades with candidates from other
States. Under such circumstances it will be seen the
Olney question becomes a New England question/ or
rather a question between the practical politicians
and the theorists of New England. To nominate
Olney as the candidate of the State for the Presi
dency would be to put Massachusetts in the field of
President-makers, and, according to the politicians,
that honor belongs exclusively to doubtful States like
Ohio, Illinois and New York.
The Olney men assert with vehemence that the
nation is really yearning for a return of their fa
vorite to politics. Henry Nelson Loomis says: "I
have crossed the continent twice within the last two
months, and I say what I know to be the truth when
I state that Mr. Olney is the ideal candidate in the
thought of the men of the West, and of the North
west, and of the Pacific Coast, who prefer a man of
character at the head of the republic to a boy of noise
and confusion* Day by day the issue is settling
down in the minds of the people, here and every
where, between character and furious exaltation; be
tween a real and understanding love for the demo
cratic institutions of the republic on the one side,
and, on the other, the shouts of a multitude led by
a man who has no regard for constitutional principles
or for individual liberty if the rights of man inter
fere with his impulse to establish an arbitrary pa
ternalism."
That is a brave statement bravely made, but a man
who has been across the continent and has found
along the route a boom for Olney is evidently a man
who is liable to see visions in the night.: No slight
est sign of a boom for Olney has been seen or heard
of outside of New England. In the South and in the
West his name is never mentioned, and even in New
York and Pennsylvania it is seldom noted by the
Democratic press. The issue is, in short, a strictly
New England question; and even there the interest
in it is doubtless mainly of an academic nature.
CANDIDATES AND TACTICS
THE SAN PEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1903.
An Alameda man has been arraigned on a charge
of insanity because he labors under the hallucination
that he is rich. And there is absolutely nothing in
his case to indicate that he possesses ' a single share
of oil stock.
MANILA; Oct. 5.— The Legislative Coun
cil of the Moro Provinces has passed an
anti-slavery law which prohibits slave
hunting in all the territory under its Jur
isdiction. . It also provides , for the con
fiscation of all vessels engaged in the
trade.
Pass an Anti-Slavery Law.
6
NEW ADVEBTISEMEUT3.
HEBPICIDE NOT A FAKE.
Unsolicited Testimonials Tell of Ita
Superiority.
Alf. R. Kelley. residing at 2195 Deviaa-
dero St., San Francisco. Cal., writes the
following:
"When I first purchased Herplcide, I
thought, like the majority of hair prep-
arations, it would prove a fake. I am
happy to state that, on the contrary, it ia
all and even more than you claim for it
Quite a number of barbers throughout the
section in which I travel have called at-
tention to the new hair sprouting out on
my scalp and Inquired of me what 1 have
been using- I tell them 'Herpiclde'; also
give them your name and address." Sol. I
by leading druggists. Send 10c In itamiu
for sample to The Herplcide Co.. Detroit
. Special" Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call-
iornla street. Telethon* Main 1042, «
Townaend'B California glace fruits and
candies. 60c a pound. In artistic fire-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. above Call bldg. •At a meeting of the Election Commis
sioners yesterday contracts for the print
ing of the sample and official ballots for
the coming municipal election were
awarded to the Commercial Publishing
Company. The certificates of nominations
made by the three parties were received
and filed. The official canvass of the
bond election held on September 29 is un
der way and will be finished to-morrow.
The official returns will be given out on
Monday next.
Election Commissioners Meet.
Wadham was appointed guardian of
young McGowan In 1901. In April of this
year Theodore D. Honig, better known
as "Peach"' Honig, the horseman, applied
to the Superior Court for a revocation
of the letters of guardianship, and for
his appointment In the place of Wadham.
He was Riven a hearing and his applica
tion was denied, the court holding that
he did not consider the racetrack a proper
place to raise a youth. Since the hearing
young McGowan has not been seen by
any one interested in his welfare and it
ls feared that he has been taken from the
State and placed on an Eastern stock
farm. His relatives are anxious to locate
him, and are not a bit backward in hint
ing that he has been kidnaped.
The relatives of John Lee McGowan,
aged 13, a ward of E. L. "Wadham, secre
tary of the San Francisco Society for the
Protection of Children, are very much
worried over the question of his present
whereabouts. They claim that he has
been taken out of this State by persons
who desire to make a Jockey out of him
and have asked the Superior Court for a
citation directing Wadham to appear and
tell what he knows of the youngster or
his present residence.
Relatives of John Lee McGowan Ask
Court to Locate Wayward
Boy.
FEAB THAT YOUTH HAS
BEEN TAKEN FROM STATE
ing induced several persona, among them
the missing witnesses, to make false af
fidavits for entry of Government timber
lands, and for having conspired thereby
to defraud the Government.
The Question of who will te the next
Mayor ls receiving considerable attention
from all classes at present. The gas range
question can be settled by a visit to the
S. F. Gas & Electric Co. •
Whisky ls responsible for the condition
of mind that impelled Joseph Grace, a
marine fireman, to kill himself yesterday
afternoon. He had been on a spree for
three weeks and had threatened to com
mit suicide. He went Into M. Gavin's
saloon, 172 Minna street, at 1:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and bade Mr. Gavin
good-by. Then he walked to the sidewalk
and swallowed the contents of a vial of
carbolic acid. He died In a few minutes.
Jo&eph Grace Kills Himself.
Chief Deputy Fish Commissioner Vogel
sang announces that Clarence Angel of
Santa Cruz was found guilty of violating
the Quail law by Justice of the Peace
Kenworthy of Willits, Mendocino" County,
last Saturday and was fined $25. Judge
Cabanlss fined A. Paladlni $20 yesterday
for having undersized striped bass in his
possession. Deputy John Davis seized a
valuable salmon net which he found set
In Fisherman's Slough.
Fish Commission Is Active.
Brakeman Todd in Trouble.
Charles ioaa, a brakeman employed by
.he North Shore Railroad Company, was
:urned over to the United States Marshal
resterday by Robart R. Munro, Postoffice
nspector in charge, on a complaint ac
lusing Todd of being unlawfully in pos
'ffffion of the lock of a mail bag.
E. Clemens Horst, a grain broker who
is suing the Howard Company and Bal
four, Guthrie & Co. to recover the value
of grain he alleges the defendants ab
stracted from sacks of barley placed by
him in their charge, commenced another
action yesterday against the corporations.
Thii time he soea to recover the money
he paid the defendants for weighing
SS.126 sacks of barley. He claims that the
defendants gave him false weights.
Horst Files Another Action.
Words of censure burst sternly from the
lips of United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday when First Assistant
United States District Attorney Banning
asked for a postponement of the trial of
I the case of the United States againxt
i Jrmes M. Engle and others for conspiracy
and subornation of perjury. The judicial
censure was directed against the office
of the United States District Attorney,
because several very important witnesses
for the Government had not been served
with process compelling their attendance.
Mr. Banning said afterward that the
court's censure was unjust and uncalled
for, because the District Attorney's of
fice had filed the summons with the
United States Marshal on September 7.
and the District Attorney's office should
not have been held responsible for the
failure of the Marshal's deputy to find
the witnesses. Since the beginning of
the prosecution, he said, the missing wit
nesses, all of whom were employes of the
defendant at Loyalton, Sierra County, had
gone to other parts of the State and could
not be found.
On behalf of the United States Mar
shal's office, it was said that the office
force ia too small to do the work re
quired of it, Deputy De Lancie being con
fined to his home by sickness and the of
fice being in the throes I of the Chinese
substitution scandal at the time the pre
cipe was issued.
The defendants, James M. Engle, Wil
liam S. Lewis, Richard H. Lewis and Ar
thur M. Keddle, are wealthy and respect
ed citizens of Sierra County. In conjunc
tion with Captain J. H. Roberts, a well
known steamboat man, they erected a
large sawmill at Loyalton and built the
Boca and Loyalton Railroad to connect
their mill with the heart of the big pine
timber. Captain Robert* advanced them
$40,000 for the purpose of buying timber
lands to supply the mill with work, and
in consequence of the establishment of
this new industry the population of Loy
alton leaped from 50 souls to 2000 within
a few years.
Denson & Schlesinger, who appeared for
the defendants, strenuously objected .to
any postponement of the trial, Mr. Schles
inger calling the attention of the court
to' the fact that the case had been hang-
Ing fire for more than a year. Judge
de Haven remarked that up to the pres
>crit day the defendants had not seemed
very anxious for a speedy trial, where
upon Mr. Schleslnger retorted that he had
waited for three months for a decision on
a demurrer.
The court fixed November 6, peremptor
ily, for the trial. .
The defendants were Indicted for hav-
Herbert Root was granted a divorce
from Georgia Root by Judge Sloss yester
day on the ground of cruelty. She re
fused to cook hia meals for him. "even
if he starved to death." She also insisted
that he should keep her whole family and
when he refused, told him that she did
not care for him and never did and never
would have married him but that she was
Influenced by her friends. They were
married in June, 1S96.
Divorces were also granted to Mabel
Gardanowsky from Albert E. Gardanow
sky for cruelty, Joseph G. Kirchener
from Fannie M. Kirchener for desertion,
John J. Hunter from Annie J. Hunter for
desertion, and Julia M. Dobnon from John
N. Dobson for intemperance.
Judge Troutt refused to grant Libbie
Dexter a divorce from Charles Dexter,
the well known gambler. With the de
cision was filed a stipulation showing that
the Dexters have settled their difficulties
out of court. The one child o? the couple
is to remain in the custody of Mrs. Dex
ter, according to the stipulation and the
father is given permission to see the little
one as often as he pleases.
Buits for divorce for desertion were filed
by Charlotte B. McKenna against Perry
J. McKenna, Virginia B. Cuaby against
William A. Cusby. and W. B. Estes
against Myrtle Estes. j
BOOT LEAVES WOMAN WHO
WOULD NOT COOK FOB HIM
Is Given Decree of Divorce by Judge
Sloss on the Ground of
Cruelty.
Censure for Failing to
Subpena Witnesses
in Time.
JUDGE REBUKES
FEDERAL OFFICE
The different meetings will take place
as follows: Tuesday afternodn at 2
o'clock, Tuesday evening at 7:30, Wednes
day morning at 9:30. Wednesday after
noon at 2, Wednesday evening at 7:30,
Thursday morning at 9:30, Thursday aft
ernoon at 2 and Thursday evening at 7:20.
A Bpecial feature of the session will be
the devotional services, which will be
given by the Rev. Thomas P. Boyd of
Woodland.
The first meeting will be held Tuesday
afternoon and the association will be
called to order at 2 o'clock, after which
will be the opening exercises, which will
be conducted by the Rev. Thomas F.
Boyd. Following the opening exercises
will be the moderator's address, the an
nual 6ermon, a short talk on "State of
Religion in England" and the report of
the enrollment and entertainment com
mittees.
The San Francisco Baptist Association,
formerly the Central Baptist Association
of California, will hold its twenty-third
annual session in the First Baptist
Church of San Francisco on Tuesday,
and Thursday of this week.
The session will be presided over by the
Rev. J. George Gibson, who will be as
sisted by the Rev. J. M. Helseley, F. M.
Reed and C. L. Lombard.
Week.
Twenty-Third Annual Session to Be
Held in City This
BAPTIST ASSOCIATION
WILL HOLD MEETINGS
TLNAHCES OF CITY
The board adopted a resolution showing
the financial condition of tho city. The
value of property owned by the city is
stated to be $23,106,000; cash in hand, of
City Treasurer. C.0^^32 43; net funded
debt. S52?l a. The figures in the state
ment were published in detail in Sunday's
Call.
.The petition of the Merchants' Associa
tion for permission to construct a safety
station at the intersection of Market.
Powell and Eddy streets was referred to
the Street Committee.
The petition of the Southern Heights
Improvement Club for the establishment
Df a fire company at the corner of Twen
tieth and Connecticut streets was referred
to the Finance Committee.
The petition of Philip Hinkl© that an
ordinance be passed making it the duty
of the Board of Public Works to see that
the law repulating the operation and con
struction of sidewalk elevators was re
ferred to tilB Street Committee. Hinkle
avers that the Board of Works and the
Police Department desire to shift the re
sponsibility for carrying out the law.
The petition of the American Bankers*
Association for the lighting of the City
Hall dome on the evenings of its conven
| tion to be held on October 20 to £5 was
» referred to the Lifiht Committee.
The report of Stationery Clerk Finn
shows that during September $476 54 was
expend-d for stationery; $263 53 for print- \
iiigr: $:f"4 25 for books, and $117 for stamps;
total, fiCBl 2-
An ordinance was passed to print ac
ceptlng Uora the S. Ducas Company cer
tain land required for the opening of
Ryan avenue, from Precita avenue to
.* Peralta avenue.
*}ttmday. October M. at 3 p. m. was fixed
as th< time for hearing the appeal of G.
D. Clark tr<,"..* the assessment made by
the Board of Works for constructing a
si'wor in Richland avenue.
The name of Sullivan street was ordered
changed tn Parnassus avenue.
" TO CLEANSE CHINATOWN.
A resolution authorizing an expenditure j
of $3000 out of the urgent necessity fund
to be expended vm<Jejj r the direction of the ;
special of the board, with the ¦
advice of the Board of Health, to con- j
tir.ue the sanitary procedures now In pro- j
j?ref=s in Chinatown, was referred to the
joint Committee on Judiciary and Health. !
The cltrk was directed to collect the :
sum of $2 50 for each petition for the is- !
suance of a corrected city deed to defray
advertising expenses.
Supervisor Braunhart reported that I
blasting operations were being carried on !
* at I'r.ion and Green streets, on Telegraph |
Hill, in defiance of promises made by :
firms not to do so.
The City Engineer and Assessor were
directed to arrange a uniform system of i
numbers for blocks comprising the eo- j
called "cemeteries" block and the prop
erty situate north of Lake street and west i
of First avenue.
f* The roadway of Division Btreet. from '
Seventeenth to Eighteenth street, was
conditionally accepted.
The San Francisco Construction Com
pany was granted an extension of ninety
days to complete the paving of H street,
from Firt t to Seventh avenue, the con- {
tractor having been unable to procure the i
necessary blocks.
Permits were granted for October to
• the San Francisco Athletic Club for a j
professional boxing contest and to the j
Lincoln. Bay City. Hayes Valley and San
Francisco clubs for amateur contests.
The petition of the Laborers' Protective
Union that the pay of laborers in the
city's employ be raised from $2 50 to $3
per day was referred to the Finance Com
. nsittee.
lpyuancp cf bonds for a new City and County
H"jp:ta!, for a sewer system.' for schools, sites
and playgrounds, for the n-pair and improve
ment of accepted ctre*t.s, for a new Cour.ty
Jail and additions to the Hall of Justice, for
a public library and reaxiins roomy, tor pnrks
for children'* playgrounds, for th« extension
of Golden CJat<? Park to the Presidio, for »
park on Telrcravh Hill and for a park in tfce
Miwlotu in accordance with the plans ar.a
••ftiirates of the City Engineer. fiW throuKn
the Board of Public Works July 24. 19"3. and
it it Imperative that steps Iw taken at once
to carry out tha esprpsaed will (1 f t he people
by providing for the sale of said bonds.
The Hoard of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution requesting the City
Attorney to advise the Board of Super
rfaton what action and procedure is nec
tssary on Its part to bring the question
of the validity of the bond issue before
the Supreme Court of the State of Califor
nia at the earliest possible date. The
preamble of the resolution says:
The electors of the city and county of Kan
Francisco, at th# election hold on September
;S<. l!KiS. rxjiressed themselves In favor of the
The first step In a determined effort
to take the management of tha public
pound cut of the hands of Harry Irwln,
the eppolntee of Mayor Schmitz, was
taken yesterday at a meeting of the Su
pervisors' Finance Committee.
Two propositions were considered by
the committee, either of which will de
prive Irwin of his Job. The first is to
turn the pound over to the police de
partment, the second to place Its man
agement In the hands of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, or
the Pacific Humane Society.
Chairman Brandensten expressed him
self in favor of the police department
managing the public pound. Chief of
Police Wittman stated that ho had con
sulted with the Police Commissioners,
who said they were willing to take the
responsibility.
"It would be necessary to appropriate
sufficient money to maintain the pound,"
said Wittman. ""I could delegate a ser
geant to supervise the work, and I think
the pound could be handled in satisfac
tory manner. All fees, of course, would
be turned over to the city.
"1 am of the opinion that the police
should operate the pound, even if. it
would cost the city some money. The
fees could be materially Increased by col
lecting them on dogs that are kept housed
up by owners to escape the payment of
license."
Representatives of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and
the Pacific Human* Society offered to
run the pound If the city would appro
priate 5500 per month for the purpose, and
agreed to turn all foes collected back to
the city and to keep it free from criti
cism.
Poundkeeper Irwin asked that the mat
ter go over for one week, as he desired
to present evidence to show that he had
turned more money into the city treas
ury than his predecessors. To a ques
tion of Brandensten Irwin replied that
he had been appointed poundkeeper by
Mayoft Schmitz.
"How do you explain that the pound
cost the city $3000 in addition to $5000 ap
propriated originally under your manage
ment?" aBked Brandensten. "These gen
tlemen offer to do the work free of cost
to the city, and if we can save $3000 we
propose to sacrifice you."
"You will not sacrifice me," replied
Irwln, "for I am able to take care of
myself. I would like to have a week to
present my side of the case," said Irwin.
Further consideration was then post
poned for one week.
May Put It in Hands of Police
or of Some Humane
Society.
City's Financial Statement
£how » Very Small Net
Fanded Debt.
Supervisors Ask Advice
as to Best Way to
Bring Action.
Finance Committee of
Supervisors Plan
ning Change.
WILL TEST BOND
ISSUE'S VALIDITY
POUHDKEEPER
TO LOSE PLACE
THE SAjSI FB AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
......RADIANT "VAUDEVILLE......
Clayton White and Marie Stuart
Company; Fantzer Trio; . Arthur
Cunningham; Golden Gate Quar-
tette and Fanny Winfred; Mylea
McCarthy, Assisted by Aida Wool-
cott; the Great Alexius; Carlton
and Terre; Paulo and Dika and
new Motion Pictures.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; BSx Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c
IfAJjlFORNljV
If I TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS f»&
I WEEK. Jl \
The Win. H. West Big Minstrel Jubilee
kv fx Funny Comedians.
fl I § Star Vocalists,
rjlf Clever Specialists.
. Powerful Male Chorus.
And the treat feature — the burlesque
Olio finale —
THE WIZARD OF BOZ.
Dally street parade at noon. '•'¦
T;| ' Sunday— Ed Oarvle as Itssu.
IJMR. JOLLY OF JOLIET. ff~ I
HLATJSUl
BELASCO ft MAYER, Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Success of
L..R. STOCKWELL.
First Time at Popular Prices In Du Souchefs
Greatest Comedy,
"My Friend From India."
All the Central Favorites In the Cast.
DDirCC Evenings.......... ..10c to BOo
I nlvEj Matinees 10c. 15c, 28c
Week of October 12— "THE MIDNIGHT
BELL." .
Last Symphony Concert
FRITZ SCHEEL, Conductor.
S.F, Symphony Orchestra
70 MUSICIANS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TUESDAY. Oct. 6th, 3:15 p. m.
; PROGRAMME..
/Beethoven's "Ltonora" overture No. 3.
Schubert's 10th Symphony, C Major.
H. J. Stewart's suite from ' "Montesuma."
F. Lisst's "Rhapsody Hongrolse." ' No. 2.
Seats on sale at Sherman ft Clay's. Prices,
60c, |1,';H 25, $1 50.
AMUSEMENTS.
I I VVU HOUSE.
(NOTE — Performances Begin at 8 Sharp, Sat-
urJay Matinee at 2 Sharp.)
TO-aiGHT
Thursday A Sunday Nights. Saturday Matinee,
Verdi's Masmiflcent Production,
"OTELLO."
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday Nights,
Puccini's Ever Popular Opera.
"LA BOHEME."
ALWAYS THE SAME PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
"WELL, WELL, WELL!"
W« Have Hit It Again.
Our New Musical Comedy a Really Tremendous
_ Success. i ' ,<rJ
"T r-iiB R/\ r* ADt- RS?"
Will Be Town Talk Quickly.
CAST
CHORUS, NEVER
MUSIC. EQUALED
SCENERY, HERE.
COSTUMES.
-: :' ( ' :- H : Our "All. Star" Cast, Including:
KOL.B and DILL,
BAKNEY RF.n^.\IvD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HEBMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
IT n Ar? Jt Tfe Belaaco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR *"y8s.
General Manager.
FAREWELL WEEK OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Dramatic Triumph.
ZAZA
Evg.. 25c ta 75c; Mats. Thurs. ft Bat.. 15c to 60c.
"ZAZA" AT BOTH MATINEES.
NEXT MONDAY— OPENING OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
With AOELE BLOCK and JAMES DURKIN.
First time Here of Plntro's Comedy Drama,
LADY BOUNTIFUL
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
SEATVSALE
COTTLOW
THE OREAT PIANISTE.
SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO/8.
TO-MORROW (WEDNESDAY), AT 9 A. M.
Wher* complete programmes may b« obtained.
Concerts at Lyric Hall Tuesday and Thursday
Nights. October 13-15. Saturday Matloc* 17th.
Oakland, Friday. 16th.
AMUSEMENTS. rfyS-l
GRANDS^
MATINEES THUR8DAY, SATURDAY SUN-
DAY. " '
The Dramatic fensat'on of the City.
-LA&T FIVE NIGHTS—
JAME^NEILL
Elaborate Production of the Most Successful
Dramatic Version of Ouid&'s Celebrated Novel
UNDER TWO FLAGS
With EDYTHS CHAPMAN u 0I6ABSTTS.
PRIPPC EVENINGS.....;. 15c. 23c. ,50c 75c
rillULO MATINEES :..,......-... 16c 25c 6O0
Children Under 5 Years Not Admitted During
Mr. Nelll's Engagement.
Eesinning Next flnndiy .' Xttinta. Oetobsr lltlC
BOTH WELL BROWNK JU VI NILE COMPANY of
150 ia Burlesijus Eztraraganu Cleopatra.
UULUfSriKaM t£Am.5a iheatke
ECLIPSES ALL FORMER PRODUCTIONS.
Tblrd Visit — Three Times Greater Than Ever.
Every Night, Including Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
John C. Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley present
THE WOHLD'S MUSICAL HIT,
FLORODORA
GREAT BEAUTY SEXTET—
' CHORUS OF SEVENTY.
Number One New York Company
1 .
FISCHER AND WACKEB,
LABKINS AND PATTERSO29
AND A GB^AT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOOH
AND EVEKING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
AMJLTEtTB WIGHT THTTRSDAT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
When Pheninc Ask for "Th* Chutes."
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prlca Lists Hailed
on Application.
rBSaX AJT3> SAI.T MEATS.
IK RAYFC £ PR Shipping Butchers. 10ft
JAj. DUICJ g CU. Clay. TtL Mate I2»i.
OTTiS.
LUBRICATTNO OILS: LEONARD A ELLX3.
413 Front st. & F. Pbon* Mala 1719.
raUBXLHGk
L C HUGBES, m a m.
yj&BP&kM MENANDWOMEH.
UsaBicfiforiUtastarsl
i^aTi, 1 1. 1 dart/Cl di«ch»rge»,lnl3*rum»tlon«,
Mgggjf Oi«rm«i«4 Wl lrriutiont or aleerstlons
I4»I wimulmn.™ of maeoai ni«mbr*ae>.
B^ H Trrtnnim CtmtM%Um. Fatnlcil, »nd not utrla-
BfTSlTXEEYIUjCHEMituCa. f*nt or poi-ononi.
W«V C!!tt!HMT1.0.gOT ft»M by Dras^rlstJ,
C.8.1. 3jfl or tent In pl»!n wr»pp«r.
t!.00. or 3 bottles li.74.
-« m circol»^«eat oa reqawt.
The We^lj CaD.
$1 per Year*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No soap in all the
world is so cheap.
No soap in all the
world is so good — none
so lasting.
So.d a 1 .! over the world*
Paiace don-tpailto
see the beautiful
~-4 COURT Lounging
3HQ room, the EMPIRE
i*aiw PARLOR, ths
Cr + PALM ROOM, the
iinHlfl LOUIS XV PAR.
v*i uuu LQK and the LA _
H/%+rtl^ DIES ' WRITING
Hotels room.
g, , rw,, ,i l . l ,ir Wl ,,r, ¦ ¦>, ,¦,„¦„„ .,- BARGAINS ADDED TO BARGAINS THIS WEEK - ¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
PATTOSIEN'S
SECOND WEEK OF THE ,
/^^P^|CPS^ This Fine Morris Chair c< UCH overwhelming success of the great This "Wf^ ~"~-=^I3l
<VV'«C JHR left Hizhlv finished Quartered oak- l% sale was not even thought of ! Hundreds and hun- *>i,» a - K 3»
\\ FVi^^W%t x « #% heavf Tees iust as shown in ¦ dreds of buyers visited the great store last week and Chaif M
UifW S as shown in bought extensively of the Bargains In Good Furniture, De _ f _ . , tr!| _ |g* jZgJ
m ,1L JT \ , piClure ' Carpets and Draperies. Pn^ and con- %T
ul^'^^r^sA Massive Clau/ FPPt Prices lowest and quality best have done It. structionis ; SfS!®»T M
\ ' vaT 1|& J|& \ ITia3 » 5lvc ' vriaw I c-t/L n a i mos t entirely new exposition of fine goods this perfect. i I I a
Vc4A^»\ fi&Ps^ <^r^» Every detail of construction week. Don't wait until the wiser ones have gotten u/cATucoRrt I f
ivi^lP li of the highest grade. ahead of you. OAK or (I
W$ J%^%^^^^^^^^^^ MORRIS CHAIRS'OAK°F?NjSH; jl
J^-3LJm SffllP and FINE UPHOLSTERED GOODS "*£? fer^JI
C^ra^ — — »_^ vua JL L Uti! rUbI IIere ls your opportunity to make a Morris Chair selec- ¦*^*-J» If
V£t3 - v M* ll^rfgR3i*$t"»— y5rS\ SSSgiSi I 1 f5?Pjd t ' on * rom nearly fifty patterns — prices are fixed lower .. ' " H
ilfSi v *i" \ \ V \ M T^^^n^^^ r,Jv K^terGfcE t?3§$s than ever thls week to l n3UI "e l"J"ce sale*. J B=n=— — — W
||r vA * i ilCjjW^'' ™ ¦ j) Jig 3*0 Mm Cushions Have Our Guaranteed Construction. - ~ < — *^^^9^jaf
Hi\\|V r ff I B ;^^f*Cg^-Eft^l Morris Ilocker— A rich golden Solid Panel Side— In fine / Jj*$&
Bi\ \*J8$ " "BJl to L ' — BWBWKfr ~~^5£_ ¦¦«a^ < e ~3Mffli ! '!!l oak, front posts corrucated. A quarter-sawed oak. Massive carv- .'r"**-"-^ s Jffifrdk
W^^^^WST^T^^^0^§k $20 .^. ::::::::: 616.50 ! I ! K8 :.. w^. $ao v;;.$22.00 . >r^l^^_^1
3-2C2«V*{^BpK$k 1^! XwM' 1 '! Misulon nmiKa llocker. Patent Adjustment to ralss \\\ l/TB rrres; >^? S
fe3) f^\ 8*rKsW*'&rtWFlini£5«^9^5#> " S?»" .^Onli ' \ wlth Pretty carving, bowed slat or lower back while seated: ma- I f* —^T*
CTlfS^ J J TSSBH/f *fS^^^HK \ BldeB- Worth * 17 - 50 - Ql^t Q^ hogany. golden oak or weathered : x^^^^l 4 H X /£>r\fo
Mi^^^^^^3fe5^w/ Wi tV Griffln heads on arms: heavy claw Weathered "dale or sroldsn i"**r "*/"1" n /yv3
/f^^^^l PNPP^Iliilliatiir !t! t .-.. w ! n . h .' 2O v.v: S15.T5 r.l t < ;,'.^.."".'? h :..'. 0 : 00 S5.90 3^^* W?
/jf^if. Wl^isiwSrwL BARGAINS IIM PARLOR GOODS. 2^ "
• Ija / r-.' .^^fg';'-". ~-^S PT^VVV TnrklKh Clinlr— Befit spring's, Davenport — With wardrobe 1 \;,B
Nv^^ / / fCy\y-^^ "^^ l^\\^C\ covered Jn rich imported crimson box In seat: 2-ton» <JJ^.BE AA 1 \ n m
L l! teiHJ.&'Wru llvomia <2Pik4 OO Z™*™ T «'our cover.. <J>T"*J»V/v/ I \» • B
r^licflirtric 't Ir Shell-Shaped Corner Chair Overstuffed Reception I VJ^ I
V/UoillUflo K i'lif —With covering In CQO Chair — Handsomely upholstered I I
WgJ !«,'/ preen silk damask.. *JJ**iUU Jn silk dama«k C| C Cvtfi 1 "^
Of VOUr own <zt*\e>r Xd9>M<\ Parlor Rocker— Mahogany or OlOtOU j m^ «f i e r» II r
juui uwii seiec /ft \ \ Oak finish frame. C?(* BZfk U IT'l 7 *> ' 5 .
iou~ad LT ffltXj vpl"== would you r:r m S85.00 :^.::::::::::: $58,00 <-*• v s h h er L
iuurj> ana reversi- U l/^ $15.00 or more Reception chair — in Ma- nnisn. • \
Die. -*j*|^-— o leo«rVi/.t.« hoerany finish frame. bIIW Upe»try Gold Corner Chair— painty V, '
j elsewhere. cushion seat ......... $ 4#00 r*t ti j£**w $13.00
GREAT BEDROOM VALUES NEW FALL CARPETS
RFriPrtflM QIIITQ rillPPAIVIIPD CDFPIAI C Over 400 rolls of the new goods that came too late for last
DLLIKUUiVl OUllO. bnlrrUiMtK OrllblALo. week's sale arrived Saturday. They will be _ shown this week. The
$30 Three-Piece White Maple Suit — g\ftM f% ft $20 chiffonier, without mirror, in good golden fZIIQ KO prices we have made are Great Money-Saving Prices. You will see
Neatly decorated, heavily paneled, \ J £L fill ««* finish, with hat box «pmt*»tFvr if you make comparisons.
dresser glass beveled edge, 20x24 W7lUU evele $ d 1 \te. On &er t !a k F^iS $10.50 NEW ARTISTIC DESIGNS.
$45 Three-Piece Golden Oak Suit- AfJ« ftp ISO mahogany chiffonier, beautifully de.l^d.CfiO.OO NEW COMBINATION OF COLORS.
Highly finished; swell front dresser: \ S£L / H and carved quv»uu
French plate oval mirror, 24x30 .' OO*flZO $35 quarter . Bawed oak . 8erpcntln , front de- R Q 7 OO quoted, sewed, laid and lined.
-.„-,.. ,, , „ . Birn. prettily shaped mirror <J>-^ * •XJKJ Wilton Velvet*— Saronnerle Aimln- Tapeitrr Bmmiels-
$80 Birdseye Maple Suit — Two pieces: head Of bed Poelttvely the greatest sters — Floral and Orlen- New fall patterns and
beautifully carved and finished in bead- Ap-y rft METAL BEDS"AnniVCrSarV PrlCCS. SST .STcaS^L, Si &«?"% Vr^^ S^5^SS^S«5;
ed trimming; swell front dresser, with \h I .MM ¦»-¦«*- ¦**-¦**» hiiiiiivi^i j 1 • v pi^iTig. win co«t $1.25 at installment jri acz *«"»y ** H a qc r
French nlatp tr1a<;q <?Rvn VUllUU All Bra««— D«I«rn after a Buff and Gold— With a downtown QECs* « tores O>»' < Tt> for it tJOV,
rrencn piate glass, 25X34 most prized pat- COO K/\ tint of green. and brass tJOC Bljrelow Lowell
$125 Quartered Oak Suit— Serpen- Art"* r» ft tern. worth «110. «I>O^i«OV worth $70 $46.00 Body Bmimeli. — Fas- nijcelorr and Low.
Jiflf frnnt r«Lr m ;m4,« TrfA S V Q 7 hfl Green Bron.e— With *J>TW«W Brunei.— Designs and clnatlne de«i»n*. and ell Aimln.ler. — Th«
tine iront dresser, 52 incnes Wide, Shaped J^JJ f . ZJ II brass trimming. shapely and White Enamel and brass colors will give you an many of them in all eol- pick of the nicest fall pat-
rrench plate glass, 3IX.38 in. Our price.... " rw ¦ ¦ ** w strong, a |30 £OI f\fi trimming, good CIA SA easy choice in a carpet o r s. Installment com- terns made. Any other
value tp^lwVFU value for $15... *t>l\J»*J\J that other stores 'Tftr* blDe I" 1 ** ls CI APZ. house charges Ct £5«S
$35 Oak Suit— Three pieces, nicely fin- Aft a 7r White Enamel - Nice Bram Twin Bed-A m«. get 90c for t UV, ji.eo O1»-*U »2.oo. «9' 100
ished and carved, strongly built, shapely \/Ji. I !1 ! cro " work - brass S2.50 nlflc ? nt b !fjf 125 897.00 Axmln«ter»-In quality and pat- Injrralna-A strongly woven car-
pattern 6 J H ' WsVVll I U knobs tp^.CFV/ regular price.. ..«U ** * • VfVf tenj they are rtch , n^ e(J combine pet in new, pretty designs that sells at
l houses sret $1.50 per yard CI QA Installment houses for 70c 45C
MISSION FURNITURE LACE CURTAIN SPECIALS | S»|ig £ t - M Aniis-^^L7;
THE GENUINE— Made by us in our own fac- . We've another lace curtain treat for you this week— of Fa n Carpet have becn wor k cd ro ll s Finest Japanese Matting—
tory. Built after original patterns to last for ages; a little out of the ordinary. A large shipment of from remnants into large room our own importation. Many of
not made like the cheap Eastern stuff that is sold 25 Arabian Lace Curtains, exact duplicates of those rugs. All sizes, quality, colors them are superior to any 25c or
per cent higher than ours. , French curtains which the world of art raves an . d Patterns at one-half usual 30c matting Last week's sale
Buffet— Large upper drawer Library Table— After old- J price 1/ was amazingly great. See t£Z*\
and lower shelf fl» 1 A Qf- est Mission pat- CQO HO Over. *£y them IOC
3 feet wide.... ©l'+.^O tern, 36x25 in... O^vf.UU _ /JQ l " em ' VV
||§gfg^ At $10,001^^ 7 ri^^A r s ,^ h - n|TTACIC\T TA "& t0
¦ At$Mi-tKf^-^sraf^ ta --' rAliUMcn til. tt
Hnnclne China Set— Round Center Table— IL (PT A A -ARABIANS — Striking effects for par- -..rw.-.MiT^.w » ». t»%. «> «<"»<"» «^m t ~L**ri-^~~+-
30 : ln ! h . :. $11.50 At W.00 lor and library. Others ask $7 -SO. SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETSDrunken Cowboys Commit Murder.
Bain Prevents Championship Game.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 6.— The opening game
In this city between the Plttsburg and
Boston baseball teams for the world's
championship series was postponed to
day on account of rain and wet grounds.
If the weather permits the first game will
be played to-morrow.
. Max Sauls was arrested on the com
plaint of Annie Rugsiff yesterday after
noon and charged at the Central police
station with grand larceny and vagrancy.
Officers Pearl and Murphy made the ar
rest. The prisoner and the complaining
witness had been living together for the
past two years, and after a quarrel Sauls
Is alleged to have stolen jewelry valued at
about $1000 from her and disposed of it.
The story is one of low life. The woman
claims . to have supported the man who
Is now under arrest, and tiring of him at
tempted to escape from him. He insisted
that she'contlnue in a life of shame and
demanded that she go to Reno, Nev., last
nlght.\ When she refused Sauls took a
purse "containing four rings, earrings, a.
pin and a watch. Later the woman met
him on the street and called upon the po
licemen to arrest him. -
Sauls and his accuser have been In thi3
city for, two weeks. The latter. came from
Los Angeles, whence she fled to escape
Sauls. ¦
Max Sauls Said to Have Taken Prop
erty Worth $1000 From
Annie Bugaff.
ACCUSED OF STEALING
A WOMAN'S JEWELRY
STOCKTON. Oct. 5.— A discovery was
made by the police this morning that an
attempt had been made some time Sun
day night to burn the Nonpareil restaur
ant on East Main street. The restaurant
is situated in a big business block, and
had the blaze got a start the property loss
would have been great. The fire was set
in two places, over the kitchen range and
in one of the private boxes. Through
lack of draught the fire burned Itself out
without any damage.
Attempt to Burn a Restaurant.
Nationals 8 9 4
Americans 4 14 0
Batteries— Wicker and Kilns; Altrock and
Sullivan.
Nationals Are Unable to Solve the
Mystery of Altrock's Left
handed Curves.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 5.— Score br Innings:
Nat ioraJs 01000000 0— 1* 8* 2
Americans 0 3 0 110 1 Oz — 6 12 1
Batteries — DuggUby and Roth; Plank and
Powers.
CHICAGO. Oct. 6. — Th« American League
team won their second frame of the series to
day, a ten-lnnlng contest, br pounding Wicker
lor fourteen hits and playing a perfect game In
the field. Tbe Nationals were unable to do
much with Altrock's left-handed curves with
men on bases. Score:
R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE TEAM
WINS GAME AT CHICAGO
NELIGH. Neb., Oct. 5.— The 5-year-old
son of Frederick Wagoner is dead as the
result of an attempt made by twa or his
playmates to make him eat sand. They
dislocated his neck and a quantity of
sand was found in the boy's stomach. Th e
offenders are known and will be arrested
as soon as th« Coroner's Jury makes Its
report.
Boys Kill a Playmate.
STOCKTON, Oct. 5.— Thomas Garden
hire, convicted of wronging Estelle
Dewey, was sentenced this morning by
Judge Sutter to thirty-five years in Fol
som Prison. Under promise of marriage
Gardenhlre, who already had a wife, in
duced the girl, who Is but 12 years of age,
to leave her home in the southwestern
part of this county. He also made her
wear long dresses and spectacles to make
her look older. The Jury was only four
minutes in finding a verdict.
Pays Heavily for His Crime.
Investigation developed the fact that the
Foresters had held a meeting and dance
in their lodge rooms Saturday night and
that Olivera had attended the celebration.
Directly above the spot where the man
was found several hours after the close
of the dance, is a balcony which connects
with the lodee rooms. It is presumed
that Olivera, fell from this balcony
and that the accident was not per
ceived by any of the persons in
side. The rail of the balcony was broken
and bears evidence of having sustained
heavy outward pressure, several of the
supports being parted from their fasten
ings.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 6.— The police au
thorities are Investigating the death of
Louis Olivera, who was found dying in
a courtyard in the rear of a building on
North Main street, In which the lodge
rooms of Court Columbus, Foresters of
America, are located. Olivera's head was
terribly crushed and he never regained
consciousness, expiring five minutes after
being taken to the receiving hospital. He
was a bartender by trade and of good rep
utation.
Man Is Thought to Have Toppled
• From Balcony During an
Entertainment.
LODGE MEMBER FOUND
DYING IN. A COURTYARD
VALLEJO, Oct. ,5.— The petition of
George A. Lamont, as an interested tax
payer, to the Supervisors to have declared
forfeited the electric railroad franchise
granted to J. W. and H. F. Hartzell came
up for hearing before the board to-day
and was denied. Attorney Lamont ap
peared for himself and the Vallejo, Benl
cia and Napa Valley Railroad Company,
assigns of the Hartzells, was represented
by President Cross, Manager J. W. Hart
zell and Attorney L. G. Harrier.
The matter was argued at length and
,then the board, being satisfied of the good
faith of the company, denied the appli
cation of the petitioner. The company
asked the board for an extension of one
year's time on * the building of the road
between Vallejo and Benicia and the ex
tension was granted.
Board at Vallejo Denies an Applica
tion to Have a Franchise
v Forfeited.
RAILROAD COMPANY WINS
BEFORE THE SUPERVISORS
The function was arranged and carried
out" by Mrs. Eva Scheeline, • worthy ma
tron; George W. Geauque, worthy patron;
A. P. Helse, chairman; George Healing,
treasurer; Mrs. L". L-. Neubarth, secre
tary ; Mrs. Charlotte E. Marals, worthy
past matron; Mrs. Bertha Mackrett, Mrs.
Laura Lowrle, Mrs. Ellen Relmer, Mrs.
Emma Healing, Mrs. Annie Dallamore,
Miss Anna Cattermole, Miss Vera Mayers
and Miss Josephine Walworth. —
The ball was under the floor director
ship of John J. Neubarth, assisted by
Mrs. Annie Sorenson, Mrs. Annie Maass,
Mrs. Lonnetto Dietz, Miss Carrie Mayers,
Miss Fannie Cooper, J. B. Roberts, J. A.
Sorenson, Dr. C. H. Walworth and Robert
Pattman.
The several numbers and the scenes
were acceptably presented and favorably
received.
There was a largo attendance in Golden
Gate Hall last night to enjoy the enter
tainment and ball given by San, Francisco
Chapter of the Eastern Star. The pro
gramme Included selections by an orches
tra, an address of welcome. by George W.
Geauque, patron of the chapter; tenor solo,
Frederick Purdy; recitation, Miss Mar
shall; vocal solo, Miss Bertha Rlese;
songs and sayings, Billy Hynes; barytone
solo, Robert Dunphy; address, Mrs. Eva
Scheellne, matron of the chapter, and
scenes from "The Lady of Lyons," In
which the following named took part:
Captain Richard' Keene, Mrs. Captain
Richard Keene, Mrs. Eva Scheeline,
George W. Geauque, Mrs. Charlotte E.
Marais, Otto H. Fisher, Charles L. P.
Marals, , Master Philip Keene and Henry
W. Maass.
Programme of Music, Song, Recita
tion and Play Is Followed
by a Ball.
SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER
EASTERN STAR ENTERTAINS
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 5.— The million
dollar back tax suit of the State and
county against the Southern Pacific
Company has been compromised, and
orders were entered today dismissing the
case. By the terms of the compromise
the Southern Pacific Company is to con
tinue to pay the State a franchise tax of
$5000 a year, and will pay State and coun
ty taxes In Jefferson County on a valua
tion of $275,000.
Railroad Compromises Tax Case.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 5.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Moor's Flat. Neva
da County (re-established), John B. Car
ter Postmaster.
Postmaster commissioned: California-
Robert G. Aiken, Mount Hamilton.
Navy orders: Lieutenant Commander
D. T. Griffin is discharged from the
Naval HosDital at Mare Island and goes
home to await orders. Ensign C. E.
Landram iroes to the Wyoming.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
TJnearth Skeleton of Murdered Man.
GLASGOW, Mont.. Oct. 5.— The cloth-
Ing on a skeleton found in the brush
along a little-trodden bank of the Milk
River to-day unearthed a murder four
years old. John Foster, a halfbreed. dis
appeared in 1539 after a quarrel with In
dians encamped here. The skull found to
day has a bullet hole between the eyes.
Foster's rifle, with his namo scratched
on the butt, was found near by. No clew
to the murderer Is advanced.
DENVER. Oct. 5.— Denver's new play
house, the Orpheum, built and managed
by the Orpheum Circuit Company, had an
auspicious opening to-night. The audito
rium is the largest in the city, having 2000
seats, and it was packed to the doors with
a fashionable audience. Governor James
H. Peabody and his staff occupied boxes.
M. Meyerfleld Jr. of San Francisco, presi
dent of the Orpheum Circuit Company,
and Martin Beck of Chicago, the general
manager, were present. F. B. Henderson
is the resident manager.
Denver's New Playhouse Is Opened
By the v Chicago Inter Ocean.
First Race — Alma Dufour, My
Gem, Cyprienne.
Second Race — Alfred C, Bard of
Avon, Dutch Carter.
Third Race — Lady Jocelyn, Stuyve,
McGee.
Fourth Race — Golden Rule, Dela
goa, Burnie Bunton.
Fifth Race — Lord Melbourne, Lady
Matchless, Lampoon.
Sixth Race — Go Between, Arnold
K, Dungannon.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Third race, one mile — Stuyve 104. C. B.
Campbell 09, Beaugard fl5. Lady Jocelyn 0",
McGe« 105, Mary Lavanna 02. By Ways 02.
Sidney C. Lovo 100.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Delagoa 112.
Redan 112, Brief 105, Golden Rule 105, Burnle
Bunton 105, Bardolph 103. Stemwinder 103.
Henry McDaniel 103. Cardwellton 103. Begone
100. Peter J 100, Ncrvator 100, Hattle Walker
07, Big Ben 07. Bensonhurst 97.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Examiner 112, Lady Matchless 100, Lord
Melbourne 105, Cursus 105. Prodigal Son 104,
Sprlngstead 100. Mr. Dingle 100, Lampoon 100.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Lady Ana
nias 111, Arnold K 102. Foresight 101, Go Be
tween 09. Miss Mollle 96, Dungannon 06. Es
tablish 95, Dorlce 94, Tribune U4, Brookwood
Bella 94, Myron Dale 92.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— Entries:
First race, five furloncs — Wistaria 112,
Cyprienne 112, Alma Dufour 112, My Gem 112,
St. Mcrrylegs 112; Mary Hill 112, Edna Shan
non 112, Mary Dunn 103. Vallarambla 103,
La Chaperone 103. Fly Lady 103.
Second race, mile and seventy yards, cell
ing — Fleuron l/l. Barrack 110. Alfred C 10S,
Bluemlnt 107, Nellie Bawn 107. Do Madge
107, Dutch Carter 102, Frank M 102, Bard
of Avon 102.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 O STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 5.— President
Roosevelt, without any intention of
taking one side or the other, to-day dealt
a blow to the Addicks faction In Dela
ware by appointing John D. -Nlelds of
Wilmington United States District Attor
ney, to succeed William Michael Byrne.
Nields was the choice of Senator Ball,
while Senator Alice, known as an Ad
dicks Senator, had recommended another
man. Both Senators conferred with ftie
Presl3ent last week over the appointment,
and failed to agree. The President told
them at the time that If they could not
come together he would take th© matter
into his own hands and make his own ap
pointment. This he did to-day.
In the White House announcement, It
is said, that as the two Senators had dis
agreed on the matter, the President had
examined the indorsements of all the
candidates recommended, taking into first
consideration the opinions of the judiciary
and bar. He found that both Federal and
State Judges and members of the Dela
ware bar were overwhelmingly In favor of
Nlelds. It is known that Judge George
Gray, chairman of the Coal Strike Com
mission, was strongly In favor of Nields.
but there is no reason to believe that this
had much weight with the President in
making his selection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, Oct. 5.— The recent order
from the United States Land Office at
Washington withdrawing from settlement
or appropriation 806,400 acres of timber
land in Humboldt, Trinity, Tehama and
Shasta counties has fallen with crushing
effect on the local land office here, and
on hundreds of citizens who have filed on
the lands withdrawn but have not yet
proved up on their claims. About all that
will remain for the local land officers to
do now^_since this large tract of timber
Is to go" into the Klamath River forest
reserve will be to pick up the fag ends
of the business, hear the contests that
are pending and attend to the littl^ drib
ble of business that may come.
At one stroke the Eureka office will
shrink from one of the best paying of
fices In the country to one the fees from
which will hardly pay running expenses."
The Register and Receiver will suffer
greatly by this withdrawal of about all
the available timber in the county. Their
salaries are in great measure dependent
on the amount of business done in the
year and the revenue turned over to the
Government.
Most- of the land that has been with
drawn by tills order would soon have
been proved up on at the local land of
fice at Eureka. About 400 claimants have
proved up on IGO-acre claims In this tract.
The Commissioner, however, has not
passed on them and they are being held
up pending Investigation by special
agents.
At the local land office it is learned that
the telegram withdrawing the land de
scribed from "settlement or any appro
priation" may and quite likely will pre
vent those who have timber land applica
tions on which proof has not been made
from making proof or getting the land,
as it has been held that applications un
der the timber and stone act are not
based upon bona fide settlement and are
not such claims upon the land applied for
as would effect a segregation thereof.
This being the case, it is a question if
every timber claim advertised for proof
in all the land withdrawn by this tele
gram is not lost to the applicant.
It is also learned that there Is In the
neighborhood of 100,000 acres of lieu scrip
In the Eureka office which the owners
have applied to place on the vacant lands
In the withdrawn district. As the local
office does not pass on the scrip locations
It Is not known whether they will be al
lowed to stand or not As regards the
timber land claimants, it is believed they
will not be allowed to prove up and will
lose their publication fees, locator's fees
and all expenses they have incurred. The
land office here will ask by wire for defi
nite Instructions from the Oeneral Land
Office In regard to allowing proofs to be
made on claims already advertised, and
they must be governed by these instruc
tions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sting.
Fourth Race — Yellow Tail, Rose
Court, Stand Pat.
Fifth Race— Hugh^McGowan, In
golthrift, Lampadrome.
Sixth Race— Lasso, Morris Volmer,
Revenge Dare.
By the New York Telegraph.
First Race — Belle Simpson, Wine
and Song, Nilgar. .
Second Race — Bugle Horn, Kiowa
Chief, Launay.
Third Race — Silver Fizz, Reducer,
ST. LOUTS* SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, selling,
two-year-olds — Ingolthrlft 105, Cap and Gown
105, Overhand 105, Mendon 105. W. P. Palmer
100. Our Llllie 105. Orient J0O, Falkland 107,
Lampadrome 10S, Hugh McGowan 100.
Sixth race, mile and 6eventy yards, three
year-olds and upward — Star Gazer 107, Brood
ier 104, One More 91». Revenge Dare 107, Lasso
!>». Ladas 107, Loone 107, Professor Neville
10», Our Lady 104, Morris Volmer 102.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 5. — Entries:
First race, mile and seventy yards, selling,
three-year-olds and upward — The Four Hun
dred 104, Wine and Song 104, Burgoyne 104.
Pilaster $K>. Mae Miller 104, Alalle 104, Harry
K 104, Belle Simpson 104, Margie S 104, The
Advocate U3, Nilgar 104.
Second race, *lx and a half furlongs, two
year-old maidens and geldings, purse — Bill
Nye 10ft. Ad Smith 108, Ponchartraln 108, Har
bor 108. Merrle George 108, Lnunay 108. Tur
rando 10S, Buglehorn 108, Caybon 105, Capitol
105, Bob Curt 105, Benton 105, Ario 108, Klowa
Chief 105, Judge Denton 108.
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling,
three-year-olds and upward — Charles D 104,
King's Court 104, Chandoo 107, Sting 99,
Eliza Cook 104. Whltmore 104, Socapa 104.
Reducer 104, Silver Fizz 104, Tenny Belle 107.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap, three
year-olds and upward — Stand Pat 97, Lady
Burlington M). Golden Easter 80. Brulare 10S,
Elastic 112. Rose Court 80, Mlmo 85, Two
Lick «.M3, Croix d'Or 10S, Yellowtail 112.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
The Eureka Land Office
Loses the Bulk of
Its Business.
President Appoints Him
District Attorney
of Delaware.
LUMBERTON, N. M.. Oct. 5.— Albert
P. F. Coape has shot and killed hl3 wife.
hl3 s sister-in-law. Miss Hernandez, and
himself. Mrs. Coape and Miss Hernandez
were shot with a revolver. Coape ended
his own life with a shotgun. Coape was
an Englishman, about 15 years of age,
and up to a short time ago was known
as Sir Albert P. F. Coape. having dropped
tho title recently. He has been In the
salcon business here for twenty years. Ha
received regularly a large remittance
from relatives In England.
No cause can be assigned for the crime
except temporary Insanity. The womai^
whom Coape killed, it Is said, was his
fourth or fifth wife.
Ends His Own Idfe With
a Shotgun.
Shoots Them With a Revolver and
IHSANE MAN KIIXS WIFE
AND HIS SISTEB-IN-LAW
This prisoner protested vigorously
against his arrest, but Hazen paid no
heed and took the prisoner to the Federal
building and turned him, over to the post
office inspectors, by whom he was after
ward taken to the City prison.
McDoonell is 59 years old. He was ar
rested s^n April 24, 1901, by United States
Secret Service Agents Hazen and Moffltt
for counterfeiting.
He and two others rented a basement on
Bush street and - for two months they
experimented with steel dies and silver,
one of the gang being an engraver. All
the while they were under surveillance of
the Government detectives. A drop
weight of 190 pounds was used In the
basement to try the dies and they were
cracked three times by the weight.
A female relative of McDonnell, who
occupied the upper portion of the house,
became suspicious and ordered the gang
out of the house. They shipped the ap
paratus to San Diego by steamer and set
it up In the rear of a shooting gallery in
that town. McDonnell then approached
William A. Pinkerton, the private de
tective, and requested him to sound Hazen
as to what reward Hazen would give him
for informing on his pals. After the ar
rest of the gang McDonnell's companions
testified against him. Judgo de Haven
charged the Jury that no crime had been
committed as the dies had not been cut
sufficiently deep to make a counterfeit
coin that would deceive a person of ordi
nary intelligence. The jury, after six
hours' deliberation, returned a verdict of
"not guilty."
On searching McDonnell's trunks last
night Agent Hazen found letters from all
parts of the country from parents and
other relatives of soldiers in the Philip
pines stating that they each had for
warded to him $1 for a photo of their be
loved one. In return McDonnell sent
them a group picture of a transport
leaving the dock with a crowd of soldiers
on deck. For this offense he Is charged
with having used the mails to defraud.
gang yesterday at the corner of
Kearny and Sutter streets. McDonnell Is
wanted by the Postofflce authorities for
using the United States mails with In
tent to defraud the gullible. When Mc-
Donnell saw Hazen he attempted to break
away through the crowd', but tho agile
detective had him by the collar in a
twinkling.
SECRET SERVICE AGENT
GEORGE V.\ HAZEN captured
the notorious George Taylor Mc-
Donnell of the Bidwell forgers'
Notorious George McDonnel
of the Bidwell Gang
Under Arrest.
First BAce— Prince Ching, Sentinel,
Caxton. *
Second Kace — MnTiiHan, Alfflnn
zor, Oortnagallon.
Third Bee©— Green Crostf Blytlie
ness, Gay Lothario.
Fourth. TLa.ce — Hippocrates, Gren
ade, Beldame.
Fifth Bace— Conundrum, Bocky,
dncinnatufl.
Sixth Kace — Caughnawaga, Sur
mise, Alabarch.
M0EB.IS PABK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
Third race. Eclipse course, maiden two
year-olds— Patagonlan 112, Mohican 112.
BlvenSale 112. Fort Plain 112, Gay Lothario
112, Orthodox 112. Bartender 112, Greencrej>t
103. Ballet 109, Blytheness 109, Ascetic 112,
Donnelly 112.
Fourth race, Rancho del Pa»o stake.
Eclipse course — Beldame 119, Memories 117,
Wotan 109, Rlverdale 100, Grenade 106. Tel
low Hammer 100. Crown Prince 109, Adrtutha.
107 Hippocrates 100. Mlneola 103. (Grenade
and Hammer. Page entry; Hippocrates and
Mlneola. Whitney entry.)
Fifth race. Withers mile, eelllng — Blue Vic
tor 101. Clnclnnatus 102. Rocky 104. Our Nug
get 105. Conundrum 110.
Eiauh race, one and a quarter miles over
the h:il. handicap— Caughnawaga 123. Wyeth
514. Alabarch 102. Surmise 100. Lord Badge
\m. Brigand 05. <Wyeth and Alabarch. Drake
entry.)
NEW YORK. Oct 5.— Entries:
First race, six and a half furlongs of With
er* mile, maidens — Royal Pirate 110. The Cap
tain 110. Phaon 110. Peeper 107. Fleetful 107.
Queen Elizabeth 107, Dr. Blfsell 107. Effle
fcherrard 107. Prince Chlng 107. Heir Appar
ent 1C7 Caxton 107, Medal 107. Sentinel 107,
Love Note 107. Squid 107, Captain R 112,
Prince of Pleasure 110.
Second race, about three mllee. Autumn
Mcadowbrook. Hunters' steeplechase course —
ilar.llian 1C3. Almanzor 157, Somerset 152.
Sir Ellerslie 162. Red Hawk 15L Cheval flOr
150, Champion 148, Gortnasalleti 145, Morrell
ton Chief 145.
2I0HBIS PAEK ENTBIZS.
P1XTH RACE — Handicap. on.e and three
flxf-enth milen on Withers course:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Tribes Hill. 02 (H.Calahn) 2 7 13
8 to 1— Lcrd Badge. f>5 (J. Jonec) 3 1 2 nk
16 to r — ftoln Momntt, 102 (Ganon) 13 3 2
Time. 2:0" 1-5. Start rood. Won handily.
Triimtr. F Midgely'e b. c. by CTlfford-Garoga.
Riv^r Pirate 109. Wyeth Hi. Colons&y 88,
Faulccnbrldge 105. alpo ran.
FIFTH RACE — The Westehe*ter handicap,
ell a;rey, six and a half furlongs en Withers
tr.Jle:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. 84 Fin.
2 to 1 — C4ifta!lar.. 105 (P-iim*) . . . 3 2 1 h
Hi to 5— Lux Oafcta. 112 «Odom).. 6 4 2 »i
J» to 2 — Lady fncas. 99 (Redfern) 1 1 3 i-i
Time. 1 :lt» 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner F. R- H!tchcock'» c. s. by Bathamp
tor-Castalia. Adios 5>0, Ada Nay 110. Wealth
lTd Illyrla 9S, Tour.B Henry 130, also ran.
FOI*nTH RACE — Withers mile:
Bettlr.c. H->rse. Weight. Jockey. Pt. «i Fin.
1 to 3— Runnells. 1(« (O'Neill)... 3 2 1 \
6 to 1— Oarsn-.an. re (J. Jones).. 2 127
25 to 1— Sweet Alice. 02 (O'Brien). 5 4 3 4
Time. 1 :3t» 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. J. A. Drake's b. c. by Charajie-Zin
para II. Himself 105. Payne S»2, also ran.
THIHD RACK — For m=:den fillies, two
year-olds, five ar.d a half furloncs on Kcllpse
oourw:
Betting. Hon*. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
? to 1— Euphrata. I"* (Gray) 4 4 lh
f. to 2 — Tepee. 3"» (I3urn») 13 2 4
3«» to 1 — M1—TTC Link. 10S» (Cochrnm 2 3 h
Time. ISOt 3-5. ftart good. Won driving.
Winner. J. Sanforfl's b. f. by Gcnsalvo-Bally
rr>e. Gay I-izzette 100. Monochonl 103. Algon
quin ICS. Colleen Br.wa HO. Purple Iris 100,
Fine Art Ktt. Game5tre?s 1W, Marmee 109,
SUncoor !(fl. Effervescence 100, Esher Leaf
1U!» .al!»o ran.
?. to 2— Hiack Fox, 110 (Burnt).. 2 12 5
2.-, to I— CtaqnevmUt. 110 <Hlck»). 4 4 t %
Tlmp. 1:12 2-3. Start bad. Won driving.
VCixntr, V. K. SmatlKTs* b. m. by St. Georxe
Vantacp. Saddueee 111. Lamoor 9S. Eloim U5,
Pile 102. bIfo ran.
SECOSCD TiAClZ — S^lllnp. for thre«-year-olfis
and uimsrit, s-!x furlongs on Withers mile:
B«"«in«i. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •"»» Fin.
nven — Ji-»ne LinU^y. 10r. (Fullr) 1 2 1 nk
MORRIS PARK. Oct 5.-Few Jockeys
have this year received a warmer ovation
than that tendered Fuller upon his. return
to the stewards' stand after having won
the second race on Irene Lindsey. That
mare, carrying large sums of money, was
caught In the barrier, threw Fuller and
ran away for half a mile, taking two
fenct-s on her wild journey. She was
caught hurriedly and brought back to the
actual start and went on in pursuit of
Black Fox. When these two began to
come down the Incline the crowd shouted,
"Irtne Lindsey wins!" The news seemed
too bochI to be true, for many had given
up their money as lost.
Fuikr never rode a better race. Hardly
movirp on the mar*, he gradually closed
on Black Fox, arid when Burns began
to ri<*.o the black colt tho race was over.
Irene Lindscy's margin was narrow, but
sufficient. Summary:
KIHPT RAfi: — The Autumn hurdle hand:
<*Rp. two miles:
F.e'tins. Hone. Weight. Jockey. Et. »i Fin.
4 to J— Cherawlnd. 1<U (Ray) 4 5 12
«<> to \— Glb!<n L'ght, 135 (Cor.elly) R 10 2 1
T to 2— Kr.ripht. 143 fDonnugh).. 1 1 3h
Time. ;i:41 S-3. fair. Won easily.
TVir.ri'-r. L. V. Bell'* b. g. by Charaxuff-
Hflmnind. Candling J'-'H. Amur 14S. DrauRhts
mr.li I4O. nxtravacanra UQs, Santos Dumont
ISO, Cr.vptr>«rram 130, li*»au Gallant KiO, Gould
14S al5o ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FEDERAL ORDER
CUTS THE FEES
At the Sausalito poolrooms yesterday
all tickets on The Fiddler, aggregating
more than $13,000, were paid without pro
test.
The Jockey Club officials were able to
obtain from the Prince his oral descrip
tion of the horse, which corresponded ex
actly with The Fiddler's marks. The in
vestigation is v still poing on, the Jockey
Club stewards having wired for informa
tion to various parts of the country.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.-After the fifth
race at Morris Park to-duy hundreds of
curious horsemen Inspected in the pad
dock the horse that on Saturday under
the name of The Fiddler won for his
backers so much money 4 from the Western
bookmakers that some of the layers at
Chicago declined to pay off the bets until
the officials at >rorris Park had made an
investigation and confirmed the identity
of the horse. An Investigation has been
in progress s!ncc rumors began to circu
late that there was something wrong with
the race. The point at issue was whether
the horse that won Saturday was the
same animal which raced under the name
of The Fiddler at St. Louis and San
Francisco. All horsemen now in this vi
cinity who had seen The Fiddler run In
California were requested by the stewards
to examine hin- Among these were G.
B. Morris, Matthew W. Storn, long con
nected with California tracks and former
ly trainer for Frederick Gebhard; R. A.
Smith, trainer of Articulate, and others.
All these men said that to the best of
their knowledge It was \the same horse.
Morris stated that in California the horse
was light In flesh, but allowing for Im
provement due to good care there was no
doubt in his mind that The Fiddler of
Morris Park was The Fiddler of Califor
nia. Oddly enough, Prince Poniatowskl.
who should of all others be able to Iden
tify The Fiddler, was within an hour's
journey of Morris Park, but was unable
to reach it because he was booked to sail
for Europe to-day. Poniatowskl at one
time owned The Fiddler.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
POLITICAL PLUM
GOES TO NIELDS
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 5.-J. Weller Reed,
formerly cashier of the Loa Angeles
branch of the California Fruit Canners'
Association, has been arrested here on
the charge of embezzlement. He lodged
a coniDlaint with the police against a
woman whom he charged with robbing
him of $2000. The police arrested him on
descriptions from Los Angeles, where he
is wanted- for embezzling $5000 from his
employers. He was placed under arrest
and confessed, saying he would return
to Los Angeles without a requisition.
Reed has be«n stopping at a hotel here
under the alias of "Johnson."
Reed carried the stolen money in two
rolls and in different pockets and the
woman or women who robbed him took
only one roll. Reed is 46 years old- The
association will recover $2067 found on
Reed when he was arrested.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 5.-J. Weller Reed,
the absconder arrested in St. Louis, had
been for fourteen years cashier of the
Los Angeles branch of the California
Fruit Canners' Association, having been
connected with the association long be
fore the amalgamation of interests. He
enjoyed the confidence of the entire busi
ness community and was so Implicitly
trusted by his emp;oyers that when the
manager went out of town for any length
of time he left signed blank checks with
Reed for the latter to fill out hi paying
bills. On September 26 Reed filled out
checks to the amount of $4330, cashed
them and disappeared. ' He left a wife
and seven children in almost destitute
circumstances. The cause of Reed's
downfall has been a mystery to his
friends and family. There were persist
ent rumors that a young Spanish girl
was at the bottom of the trouble and
bad accompanied Reed, but she was found
Tiere a few days ago. The Canners' As
sociation offered a reward o£ 5300 for
Reed's capture and this will "go to the
St. Louis officers. Requisition papers
will be made out and a detective sent
to bring Reed back to Los Angeles*
© -h-^^h-h-h-i-i-i-;-:-!":":":-!--:";-!- o
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
G to 1 — Olympian, 110 (K. Reed) 5 11^
15 to 1— Sir Hugh. 102 (Adklns).... 1 4 2 V,
18 to 5 — Early, 110 (Wonderly) 6 2 3 1
Time, 1:19 3-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. F. Schorr's ch. c. by Domino-Belle
of Maywood. Wltful 107, The Don 110, Ocean
Dream 107, Mary Lavana 102, Jackful 102,
alHo ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles,
selling: ,
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Alrllght. 95 (H. Phillips) 4 1 1 >£
7 to 2— Carat. 102 (L. Wilson) 3 2 2 C
5 to 1— Little Elkln. 101 (Pollak) 6 5 3 5
Timo, 2:01 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, S. S. Brown's br. f. by Lamplighter-
Sunbeam. Dodle S 00. Miss Liza 102, Bard
Burns 105, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs, Flyaway
handicap: *
Betting. Hor?e. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1 — Golden Rule, 1C0 (Adklns) 1114
8 to 1 — St.Tammany.98 (Davleson) 7 8 2 3
10 to 1— Judge Himes.112 (Phillips) 9 10 3 nk
Time, 1:18 1-5. Start good. Woo easily. Win
ner, C. E. Durnell's ch. g. by Golden Garter-
Lucille Murphy. Henry McDaniel 101, Redan
103, Schwalbe 105, Gypzene 00, Jack Ratlin
113. Ahola 97, Alfredo 05, Scropio 110, also
ran.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles,
handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Fairbury, OS (H. Phillips) 4 111
3 to 2— Luralighter, 100 (Hill).... 12 2 2^
30 to 1— Potheen. 100 (L. Wilson)... 0 5 3 %
Time, 1 :54 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. M. Smith's ch. c. by Abana-Mok
ka-Hi. Bondage OS. Louisville 02, Postmaster
Wright 90, Fading Light 01, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs, purse:
Batting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Allista. 104 (H. Phillips).. 1 1 1 %
1 to 3 — Dick Bernard. 107 (Wilson) 3 2 2 9
150 to 1— Arnold K. 103 (Rltter)... 5 3 3h
Time, 1:04 1-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Manning's ch. i. by Lamplighter-Ma
mie Fonso. Auditor 117, Palm Reader 107,
Ralph Young 103. Robert J. Kleburg 103, also
ran.
CHICAGO, Oct. 5. — Golden Rule,
"Boots" -Durnell's sprinter, closing at 10
to 1, captured the Flyaway handicap,
value 22800 to the winner and the feature
of Worth's opening day. In a gallop from
St. - Tammany. Golden Rule, off well in
motion, at once raced into the lead, and,
opening up a gap* In the first hundred
yards, retained his advantage to the end.
Allista, closing at 7 to 1, captured the
second race from the 1 to 3 favorite, Dick
Bernard. Oft well in motion, Allista at
once scudded to the front and had four
length' advanutage before the half-mile
post was reached. She kept right on about
her business in the run home, going
straight and true and winning with plenty
to spare.
The weather was clear; the track
heavy. Summary:
FIRST RACE— One mile, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to 5— Dr. Stephens, 110 (Irvln) 1 2 1 nk
3 to 4— Tam O'Khanter, 95 (Reed) 2 12 7
4 to 1— Thane, 102 (L. Wilson)... 3 4 3 1%
Time, 1 :47 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. E. Waters' br. h. by Octopus-Ig
noramus. Albert F. Dewey 107, Aggie Lewis
64, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
He was subsequently captured In
Mexico and extradited. He freely ad
mitted that he had stolen the money, but
refused to tell where he had buried it.
Beeler left for San Antonio to-day. The
two detectives were at his side. They are
not limited as to the tlme^pf their ser
vice in this particular cas^ They will
shadow the former convict for years if
necessary to discover where the stolen
money is hidden in order that the Judg
ment now pending against Beeler may be
executed. Under these circumstances
Beeler may not be able to obtain the rest
and enjoyment that he anticipated before
his release from prison.
Beeler was met at the prison door to
day by two of the most expert detectives
In the employ of the express company.
They are detailed to watcn every move
ment of th« former convict and follow
him until they discover where more than
$50,000 of the stolen money Is hidden.
Only $200 was recovered from Beeler. al
though he was captured a few days after
he had committed the robbery. He Is not
known to have had any accomplices.
Wells, Fargo & Co. obtained Judg
ment aeainst him for $50,000. This Judg
ment Is still In effect and it is the pur
pose of the two detectives to enforce its
collection. They are at least determined
that Beeler shall not get hold of his Ill
gotten gains.
Beeler was driving an express wagon
for Wells. Fargo & Co. In San An
tonio when the theft was committed. One
evening In December, nearly four years
ago, Beeler started on his wagon for the
Southern Pacific depot with a safe con
taining $53,200 In money, which was to be
shipped to Houston. The money was in
bank notes and gold and Beeler never
reached the railroad depot.
"When I cet my freedom I am going
to take a good long rest," is «.ne remark
which Beeler made to a visitor a few days
ago.
AUSTIN, Texas. Oct. 5.- Charles Beeler.
who robbed Wells, Fargo & Co. of
£3,200 a little less than four years ago,
was released from the State penitentiary
to-day. He was sentenced to five years'
imprisonment, but he was a model prison
er and got the benefit of the reduction of
time allowed for good behavior.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!t.
SIXTH RACES — Six and a half furlongs; sell
ing:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— King Rose, 102 (Louden) . . 4 6 1 %
5 to 2— D. Sommers, 10G (Shehan) 5 2 2H
10 to 1— Aules. 1C6 (Blrkenruth). . . 2 3 3 5
Time, Il22%. Start good. Won easily.
Wlnr.er. Hickey Bros.' b. c by King Erlc-
Princeas Rose. Reneaw 104. Tom Crabb 104,
Oloneti 100. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and an elchth miles;
Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weisrht, Jockey. * St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Deerhunter. 90 (Calvlt)... 1 2 1 h
Even— Kunja. 10O 'Austin) 6 1 2 1*4
4 to 1 — Goo Goo, 91 (Hennessey).. 4 3 3 nk
Time, 1:57. StRrt good. Won driving. Win.
ner, F. J. Charles' ch. c. by Deerslp.yor-Georgie
M. Hecira IH) Baronet 101, W. B. Gates 105.
Eliza Dillon 94. BIrdwood 99, Whltmore 99,
also ran.
FOUIITH RACE— Six furlonffs; W. J. Lemp
Brewing Company's handicap:
Bcttintr. Horse Weisrht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
14 to 5— Old Stone, 111 (Heidel)... 2 2 10
2 to 1— Maj. Pelham, 115 (Kncht) 3 4 2 n
20 to 1— Don O'High. OS (Wallace) 5 6 3 1
Time, l:13Vi. Start eood. Won easily.
Winner. M. P. Mattlngly's b. c. by Caxton-
White Wlnss. Walnut Hill 102, Imboden 108,
Radium WJ, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. 9i Fin.
5 to 2 — Dolly Gray. U5 (Austin)... 6 2 1 h
6 to 1— Capt. Gaston, IOC (Blrkth) 7 3 2 10
10 to 1— Silver Plush, 09 (Upton).. 3 C 3 nk
Time, 1 :22. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, T. P. Hayes' b. f. by St. George-Pal
rr.etto. Maverick 95, Pyrrho 104, Gdlden Easter
0l», Graden 107. Georsie Lewis 100. Red Ola St5.
Crossmolina 104. Caelana 103, also ran.
Time, 1 :C9. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. A. Uoodin & Co.'s b. c. by Gallantry-
Santa Rosa. ilaghoni 114. Harry Grilflth 11J).
Rejoice 114. Stub 114, Harold Parker 122,
Honda 114, Goudy 114, Araxes 114, a!so ran.
SECOND RACK — Five and a half furlongs;
selling:
netting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to '1 — Sceptre. 110 (Sheehan) 2 115
5 to 1— Lady Chariot, 1<K) (Hensy) f> 3 2 3
11 to 5— My Surprise, 1C1> (Jones). 11 6 3 1
Time. 1:03. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner, K. S. Williams' !>r. f. by Monarch-Prin
cess Yama. Woctsy AVlnlerd 107, Lutola 104,
Goldepot 100. Besele B 107, Ann Dear t»5,
Lor.lana 104, Edna Daniels 1O0, Alice Morgan
05, Alatinee Girl 1C2. also ran.
FIRST RACE— Five furlones; seUine:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
4 to 1— Phlllida. 1(U (Sheehan).. 4 4 1 n
4 to 1 — Amberita. 102 < Austin). . 5 2 2 5
20 to 1 — Thk. Heaven. 107 (Kaynor)lO 8 3 2
While the fields in each event were
large, class was *loclAngr. Fine weather
and a fast track brought out a good
crowd for a Monday. Summary:
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 6.—Old Stone, second
choice in the betting, easily captured the |
Lemp Brewing Company's handicap at the
Fair Grounds to-day. Heidel kept Ola
Stone in a good position until the stretch
was reached, where he set his mount
down and the colt ran away from the/
others, winning pulled up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Crowd Gives Fuller an Ova
tion When He Returns
to Weigh In.
Goes to Police Station to
Lodge a Complaint and
Is Reccgnizsd.
If He Attempts to Unearth
rBuiiad Coin Officsrs
Will SeiZ3 It.
Declare That ihe Animal Is
The Fiedler, That Raced
in California.
Largo Fields and Absence of
Class a Feature of
Dick Bernard, at 1 to 3,
Loses to Allista on Worth's
Opening Day.
Durnell's Sprinter Gal
lops Home^in the
• Flyaway.
Los Angeles Fugitive Is
Taken Into Custody
at St. Louis.
First in Lemp Brewing
Company Handicap
at St. Louis.
Irene Lin d Bey's Victory
at Morris Park
Is Popular.
Detectives Are Detailed
to Trail Discharged
Convict.
Turf Followers Inspect
Equine That Jolted
the Bookies.
HANDICAP TAKEN
BY GOLDEN RULE
WINS THE RACE
AFTER RUNAWAY
ABSCONDER REED
IS NOW IN JAIL
SSI THE HORSE
IS NOT A RINGER
OLD STONE WINS
RACE HARD HELD
HOPE TO FIND
STOLEN MONEY
AGENT HAZEN
TAKES FORGER
INTO CUSTODY
THE SA:N FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER fi. 1903.
NOTORIOUS FORGER ARREST
ED YESTERDAY BY SECRET
SERVICE AGENT HAZEN.
SACRAMENTO, Oct 5.-Governor Par
dee to-day appointed O. C. Pratt, a notary
public for San Francisco, vice self, term
expired.
"""Notary Pratt Beappointed.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. 5.— A heavy south
¦wind prevailed over the greater portion
of the northwest to-day. At the mouth
of the Columbia River a sixty-mile gale
blew for several hours, and storm signals
were displayed at all ports along the
coast.
Sixty-Mile Gale Off Astoria.
According to English law a child under
7 years of age Is incapable of committing
a crime. If over 7 and under 14 it is left
to the jury to say whether he had guilty
knowledge of doing wrong." Persons ovtr
14 are, of course, held fully responsible.
In WOO the first German-American cable
between Emden and New York, via tho
A7ores, a distance of 4813 miles, was laid,
The construction of a second trans-Atlan-
tic cable between the same points ha3
been begun, and it will it is expected be
ready for service before the expiration of
the next year. . , ,
"Great singers wear bouton
nieres," says a stage manager. "I once
offered a white rose to Jean de Reszke.
He turned down my offer. 'Why,', he said,
'I wouldn't wear that rose for 130. It
might make me hoarse, and I'm going to
sing to-night.' Then he explained that all
singers 'know that the inhalation of the
perfume of flowers has a bad effect on
the vocal chords. All flowers of percep
tlble odor are shunned on this account by
professional singers. The violet Is espt
dally avoided, for its effect is the worst
of aJL" - «•
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 5.— Mrs. Jacob
Lang, the wife of a well known citizen
of this place, met death last night by
taking a large dose of carbolic add, the
bottle containing which being mistaken
for a medicine bottle. It was at first bud
posed the Dolson* had been taken wlfh
suicidal intent, but investigation showed
that It was merely the result of a mis
take.
Woman Ends Life Accidentally.
GRASS VALLET, Oct. 6.— Frank Ca
ruar.a, a pioneer of this city, lost his life
to-day by a fall from high steps. Caruana
¦went to sleep on the rear steps of a sa
loon. He lost his balance and plunged
headlong down the steps to the gTound, a
distance cf ten feet, breaking his neck.
Falls Down Steps to Death.
MISSOULA, Mont., Oct. 6.— At Trout
Creek, Mont., Saloonkeeper Ragsdale and
his bartender, name unknown, were mur
dered last night by cowboys, whom Rags
dale had ordered out of his place. . The
crowd returned and, shooting into the
saloon, killed the saloonkeeper and bar
tender. Sheriff Thompson . of Missoula
County has gone to Trout Creek with a
posse.
8
\ - ADVERTISEMENTS.
ML m»,J» .cttbck: x>axn king/
Those who have ever felt its keen, cutting pains, or witnessed the intense
suffering of others, know that Rheumatism is torture, and that it is right-
ly called "The King of Pain."
* Alldonotsufferalike. Some are suddenly seized with the most excrucia-
ting pains, and it seems every muscle and joint in the'body was being torn
asunder. Others feel only occasional slight pains for weeks or months, when
a sudden change in the weather or exposure to damp, chilly winds or- night
air brings on a fierce attack, lasting for days perhaps, and leaving the pa-
tient with a weakened constitution or crippled and deformed for all time.
An acid, polluted condition of the|blood is the cause of every form and
variety of Rheumatism, Muscular, Articular, Acute, Chronic, Inflammatory
and Sciatic, and the blood must be purged and purified before there is an
end to your aches and pains. External applications, the use of Hniments and
plasters, do much toward temporary relief, but such treatment does not reach
the real cause or cleanse the diseased blood ; but S. S. S., the greatest of all
blood purifiers and topics, does cure Rheumatism by antidoting and neutraliz-
ing the poisonous acids and building up the weak and sluggish blood. It is
S^mm^ safe and reliable in all forms of Rheumatism. It makes
f^J lO^ the ol( * acid tlood rich .* an^ the pain-tortured mus-
V^^ V^^ cles and joints are relieved, the shattered nerves are
K^l K—)) made strong, and the ectiresystem is invigorated and
rr^ to . ned U P by the use of this great vegetable remedy. I
If you have Rheumatism, write us, and our physicians will furnish with-
out charge any information desired, and we will mail free our book on
Rheumatism. x THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. GA.The Call's Cook Book prem
ium offer will close on October
30, 1903, ancFall readers of this
paper -who desire a copy of this
household treasure should not
fail to place their order im
mediately.
This splendid premium will
be offered to Call subscribers at
the exceptionally low -rate of
fifty : cents t per. copy. Out of
town orders twenty cents ad
ditional to cover prepayment of
transportation- charges.-
COOK BOOK OFFER TO
CLOSE OCTOBER 30.
'¦¦ RT. LOUIS, Ma, Oct. 5.— Commissioner
General Zegllo, who represents the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition In Italy, cabled Presi
dent Francis to-day as follows: "Italy - vrill
erect splendid pavilion." This is the first In
formation as to what action Italy would take
in regard to the display of its exhibit, .^"i
John Johnson was arrested last night
on a charge of grand larceny. He is ac
cused of having stolen a watch and chain
and $2 50 in cash from a sailor named Tom
Fallon while the last named was asleep
In '. a Kearny-street saloon early Monday
morning.
Johnson Accused of Theft.
The new water mains, for which the
city recently voted 5150,000, are being laid
and Inspector Clark crawled with Harry
Baker, a workman, into a section of the
pipe 300 feet in length. Baker went first
and when he called to Clark to hurry
on, the workmen on the outside under
stood it as an order to pour through one
of the small opening the hot tar with
which the inside is to be coated.
The tar burned Baker badly,' but he was
able to keep on and emerge from the far
ther end. Clark was overcome by • the
fumes of the seething tar, and after long
delay consequent upon securing his body
with ropes, he was dragged through the
great length of pipe unconscious. He will
recover from the effects of his exciting
experience.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 5.— City Inspector
James Clark, overcome by the fumes of
hot tar and unconscious, was dragged
through 300 feet of twenty-four-inch water
pipe this afternoon by means of a rope In
the hands of a number of sturdy work
men. It was thought at first that life
was extinct, but by hard work on the part
of physicians at the Receiving Hospital
Clark was restored to consciousness.
Sacramento Inspector
Has Narrow Escape
From Death.
LIFE IN PERIL
IN WATER PIPE
TRENTON. N. J., Oct. 5.— Edward J.
f-'mitli, charged with a shortage of $300,000 as
an employe of tho Merchants'. Bank of Newark,
failed to appear in the United States District
Court to-day to plead. > H« has been missing
since Saturday.
: James Carr, • a . la borer, = residing ; at 214
First street, met with a painful accident
yesterday. : His right leg was broken
whiles he ,was removing some old rails
from the track which is being construct
ed* on .Third -streets Carr' was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital*
Laborer's Leg 1 Is Broken. -<
The Toyo Klsen Kalsha's Nippon Maru,
Captain Dent, arrived late last night from
the Orient and Honolulu. She brings
thirty-two cabin passengers and sixty-five
steerage passengers. The Maru was
twenty-eight days coming from Hong
kong, seventeen days from Yokohama and
sis days from Honolulu.
The Nippon Mara Arrives.
A I m.-RN, Oct. 5.— John Burphce, an
rged miner, was found in a prospect hole
in th« Opblr mining district to-day. Bur-
P /T n ad h ° rn rt °PP ln S with the family
? J~'t Cra »ner for some time past and
had been missed by them since Monday
a work ago. H e came here from El I>o^
rado County --: -•
Miner Dies in Prospect Hole.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 5.-Mrs. Sophie
Drayeur was to-day held to answer upon
a charge of murdering- her aged husband,
August Drayeur, the Healdsburg wine
maker. It is alleged that during a quar
rel, while both wore Intoxicated, she
struck him with a piece of stovewood, in
flicting injuries from which he died.
"Woman Is Held for Murder.
T. J. Rodgera, residing at 166D Mission
street, was badly injured yesterday by a
two-horse team colliding with a car upon
which he was riding on Seventh street.
Rodgers was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where he was found by
Dr.- Harvey to be suffering from several
contused and abralsed wounds on the
body and limbs.
Injured on Street Car.
FAN DIEGO, Oct. 5.— Paul J. Lohman, a
middle-aged rancher, whose home is in. Otay,
attempted suicide on tha Plaza here this even
ing ty taking . strychnine. He was - recently
before the Superior Court on a. charge of In
titnity. Laic to-night 'it is said there la. little
hose for his recovery,
MAEILLON. O., Oct. 5.— Albert M. Wetter,
proprietor of the Maasilon Sand and Stone
Company. presWent . of the Massilon ; Steel
Ctmpany and a director of the State Bank of
this city,- committed suicide In his office at
the bank to-day by shooting.' Intimate friends
know no cause for the act.
FORT SMITH, Ark- Oct. 5. — Charles Tol
eon. the actor, who was shot at Van Buren
yesterday, died to-day. Dr. Parchman. who
shot Tolson " declines to make any statement,
and his daughter, about whom, it is alleged,
the shooting occurred, in kept closely guarded.
IIEMPSTEAD. L.' I-. Oct. 5. — James L.
Kennaciion, a well-known New York club man
and society leader, died to-day of meningitis.
Until a year or bo ago Kennochan was consid
ered the leading eentleman Jockey In this
country.
Amos Wagner, a private" in the Ninety
second Company, United States Artil
lery,- stationed at the Presidio, Is lying at
the -post hospital | suffering from stabs
which he says were Inflicted last Sunday
night. Wagner was walking near nhe
National Cemetery with a young woman
when, he says;- : a civilian accosted him,
and pulling out a knife thrust It Into hl3
body without explanation. According to
Wagner the man at the same time tried
to persuade the woman to leave tho sol
dier. ., ... - :.-¦¦ :-- ¦:'¦"'.] ';¦ ' '• .'• .. • ;
Civilian Stabs Soldier.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
OAKLAND, Oct. 5.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued by the County
Clerk to-day: Joseph M. Sanders, over 21
years old, and Nellie Mulholland, over 18,
both of Oakland; Charles G. Armstrong,
21, and Pearl E. Churchman, 20, both of
San Francisco; William G. Richison, over
21, and Charlotte B. Fitzgerald, over 18,
both of Oakland; Bernard Sherwood, 57,
and Mary Ward, 45, both of Oakland;
John Bridge, over 2L Fruitvale, and Edith
E. Hurley, over 18, Alameda; Charles
Rondeau, 48, and Mattie L. Rother, 37,
both of San Jose: Paul A. Thereux, 39,
and Grace E. Morris, 26, both of San
Francisco; James Francis Loughery, over
21, and Elizabeth McCloy, over 18,. both of
Oakland; Alfred V. Soures, 27, and Emilie
Esevedo, 17, both of Oakland; Joseph E,
Jones, 27, and Lillian M. Donohue, 20, both
of San Francisco; : Douglas Erskine, 34,
and Gwenllyan M. Jehu, 28, both. of Ala
meda; William F. Newell, over 21, and
Margery Craig, over IS, 1 both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
NEW HAVEN'. Conn., Oct. 5.— All of the
towns of Connecticut,' with the exception
of six— Xcw Haven, Hartford, Bridgeport,
An?onia. Derby and Naugatuck— held
elections to-day for the choice «f town of
ficers. Last year 123 of the towns in the
State were in the Republican column and
thirty-nine were Democratic. The total
number of Republican towns th!s year Is
124, wJ:h thirty-six Democratic.
Elections in Connecticut.
William Herbold, a sea cook, filed a
libel In the United States District Court
yesterday against the Union Fish Com
pany to recover $SC3 balance of wages al
leged to be due and damages for being
maroned on Pirates Cove. Popoff Island,
on April 18 of" this year.
Marooned Sea Cook.
The Civil Service Commissioners held a
meeting last night and regarding the ex
amination held September 5, 1903. issued
the* following list of 'eligibles for the posi
tion of truckmen in. the Fire Department:
Frederick J. Bowlen, 98' per cent; Robert E.
Dugan. 97.6 per cent; George F. Ewlng. 1)7 per
cent- James R. Murphy, »6.5 per cent; John
F Buker 06 per cent; Daniel J. Collins. 93
per cent- 'Dennis O'Connell, 95 per cent: John
Kelly 04.2 per cent; John J. May. James H.
Collins. Thomas A. Campbell, Charles E.
Dougherty, W per cent; George Stolzewald, l>3
per cent: Frederick P. Franch! Adolph Stef
fena. 92.5 per cent; Chris S. Maher. 92.2 per
cent; Michael J. Haperty, 92 per cent; Louis
F, Balletto, 01.5 per cent; Martin Judge, 91
per cent; John F. Smith. 90.8 per cent; George
A Henninjr. 80.3 per cent; James O'Neill, 89.3
per cent; Francis Wells, 87.8 per cent, and
Charles A. Powers. 83.6 per cent.
Names Tire Department Eligibles.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 5. — The six
round light between Jack Monroe of
Butte and Jack McCormick of Philadel
phia, scheduled for the Washington
Sporting Club to-night, did not come oft
because McCormick refused to fight,
owing to the light attendance of specta
tors.
McCcrmick Refuses to Fight.
SAN" DIEGO, Oct. 5.— At the meeting
of the City Board of Education this even
ing it was decided to immediately com
mence mandamus proceedings against
County Superintendent Baldwin to com
pel him to draw warrants for the salaries
of the teachers of the Hisrh School. He
holds that since the special tax of SO cents
was It-vied for the San Dieg-o school dis
trict it cannot be used for the San Diego
High School, particularly since an elec
tion has been held and a special high
school district has been formed. Unless
some way paxi be found to reach that spe
cial fund the High School will go ex
ceedingly short on funds this year.
High School Xceds Money.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— Labor differences
are responsible for the closing down In
definitely to-day of the Morse iron Works
and Drydock Company in Brooklyn, one
of the largest concerns of its kind on the
Atlantic coast. It is not known how long
it will be before the trouble can be ad
justed and work In the yard resumed.
President Morse attributes the blame to
the walking delegates.
Great Iron Works Is Closed.
Leslie disappeared In the later '70's and
left a sum of .money in bank. In 1SSS
James Stanley, then Public Administra
tor, had the courts declare Leslie legally
dead, as he had not been heard from in
more than seven years, and secured let
ters of administration on the estate. The
matter has been in the courts In one form
or another ever since.
This morning Attorney Myron Wolf,
representing the State, asked that the
money, now amounting to $2215, escheat to
the public treasury. Attorneys Snook and
Church, representing former Public Ad
ministrator Hawes, want to hold tho
money until the heirs can be found." while
Attorneys Hugo K." Asher and O. O. Wise
of San Francisco produced D. P. and
Leslie Creswell of San Francisco as the
nephews and heirfl of the deceased.
The Creswells remembered their uncle
In Ireland before he came to this coun
try, but had never seen him since. One
day twenty-two years ago he called at
the house of P. D. Creswell, who was
then living on Harrison street, San Fran
cisco, but he was not admitted, as thero
was 'an interesting family event taking
place, within, and the birthday of the
baby girl born at the time fixes the date
of "that visit. The uncle left," ,' with the
message that he had called and was going
to Arizona. He has not been heard from
since. . The case was continued till next
Monday for further proof to be produced.
Heirs have Just appeared to claim an
estate left by William Leslie, who disap
peared more than a quarter of a century
ago. The estate has been in the courts
for eighteen years, and this morning a
three-cornered fight developed over the
linal distribution of the estate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 5.
The Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of
the First Congregational Church, made
an elaborate argument on behalf of the
protestants at the last meeting of the
Council, stating that he had seen women
coming intoxicated from the place. It
was these many protests and -evidence
given -showing that the place was not
conducted as it should be that Influenced
the Council in Its action. The Council
had originally proposed to renew the
license, conditionally upon Kucka re
moving all partitions, side entrance
rooms and the like. But on top of the
protests made last Thursday night came
a petition to-night, signed by 1500 people,
praying that the license application be
denied.
This action of the Council was the re
sult of numerous complaints that the
Cafe Bohemia was frequented by women,
boys and girls.
Business men on Twelfth street- In the
vicinity of Washington and Broadway,
together with the Y. M. C. A., the First
Methodist Church and the First Congre
gational Church, entered protests against
the manner in which the place was con
ducted.
The City Council to-night denied a re
newal of liquor license to C. H. Kucks,
Jr., proprietor of the Cafe Bohemia at
4C8 Twelfth street. The vote was unani
mous of those of the Council present.
Councilmen Howard and Fitzgerald were
absent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Oct. 5.
OAKLAND, Oct. 5.— The funeral of the
late Mr3. Margaretha Brelling, a well
known pioneer woman of this city, was
held from the late residence of the de
ceased. 1473 Eighth street. The services
were conducted by the Rev. Adolph
Jatho. The pallbearers were John
Martens, Theodore Gler, James Clark, ,E.
P. Taylor, John Mueller and Theodore
Westphal. The interment was In Moun
tain View Cemetery.
Funeral of Pioneer Woman.
VIENNA, Oct. 5— It Is understood that
the Austro-Russian note to the Porte on
the subject of the application of the
Macedonia reforms implies an increase of
consular representation In Macedonia to
insure their execution. The Porte already
has renHed to the effect that Turkey is
ready to execute the reforms, but that il
is Impossible while Bulgaria Is secretly
supporting the insurrection and mobiliz
ing and preparing for.. war. The Porte
says that Bulgaria roust prevent the
bands crossing the frontier and cease
her military preparations, and, further,
that the powers should insist upon Bul
¦grarla'e duty to her suzerain.
Cannot Institute Reforms While Bul
garia Aids Insurgents.
POBTE REPLIES TO NOTE.
Heirs Appear to Claim
Property Left by
W. Leslie.
Notorious Cafe Bohemia
Must Close Its
Doors.
WOODLAXD, Oct. 5.— N. A. Hawkins
has applied to the Supervisors and City
Trustees for a franchise to construct and
operate an electric railroad from Wood
land east to Elkhom, northeast to
Knight's Landing:, west to Rumsey and
Winters and north to Dunnigan. The ap
plication promises immediate preliminary
surveys and the construction of a line to
Elkhom and another to Madison as soon
as practicable, and construction of the
other lines in due time.
Yolo May Have New Railway.
FIGHT ON OVER
AN OLD ESTATE
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5.— Marie Adair,
¦well known as an actress and formerly
the wife of Charles Loftus, died here at
6 o'clock this evening of heart disease In
a theater lodging-house on Fifth street.
Mifs Adair, under the name of Mrs.
Smith, came here last week from San
Francisco to play the part of Cornelia
Carlyle In "East Lynne" at the Grand
Opera-house. On Sunday she began her
engagement, playing in the matinee per
formance, but was too ill to appear Sun
day evening. A sister of the dead actregs
is now playing in one of the San Fran
cisco theaters.
Heart Disease Causes Passing of
Theatrical Woman Who Was
Well Known.
ACTRESS MARIE ADAIR
DIES I2T LOS A2TGELES
SAN JOSE. Oct. 5.— The First Street
Electric Railway, through George Tour
ny of San Francisco, to-day petitioned the
Board of Supervisors for a franchise for
an electric railway from this city to
Campbell. The road will be about six
miles in length. It will start from the
terminus of the Willows branch of the
First street road, at the corner of Lin
coln and Minnesota avenues, and then In
a direct line to Campbell. The Super
visors passed a resolution of intention
and authorized an advertisement for bids
for the franchise to be opened on No
vember 9.
Electric Railway to Campbell. l
The, association membership Is, not to
be in any way restricted. Any woman in
Oakland can join. There will be no dues,
the duties of the club not calling for any
outlay of capital, but merely the super
vision of work mapped out. The city is
to bear all expense for the intended Im
provements.
The Town and Gown Society of Berke
ley has agreed to co-operate in the work
of planting trees along Telegraph avenue.
Mayor Olney was very much pleased at
CITY TO BEAR EXPENSE.
this work, so that he might Invite them
to be present at the formation of the as
sociation.
On Thursday afternoon, October 15, at
3:30 o'clock, the women will again assem
ble to perfect the organization, elect offi
cers and (select a suitable name for the
association. The Ebell Society has offered
the use of It3 assembly room to the ladles
In event that they are unable to secure a
room in the -high school building.
* Those present at the meeting were: Mrs.
S. C. Borland, Mrs. George W. Bunrtell,
Mrs v Robert Watt. Mrs. W. S. Palmer,
Mrs. Kate Bulkley. Mrs. E. M. Hall, Mrs.
Samuel Hubbard, Mrs. John M. Cushing,
Mrs. James Moffitt,' Miss Mabel T. Gray,
Mrs. A. A. Denison, Mrs. Edson Adams,
Mrs. F. C. Turner, Mrs. E. A. Kluegel,
Mrs. C. H. Redington, Mrs. John P. Irish.
Mrs. A. M. Rosborough, Miss Mary W.
Tyrrell, Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard and
Mrs. John L. Howard.
the interest that the women took in this
new movement. He said: "The thing
was discussed very favorably and I think
It is going to be a go. We want to beau
tify our city In every way possible and
these women can do much toward getting
the work done. We want to plant trees
along Telegraph avenue clear into Berke
ley and have already received the offer
of assistance' from the Town and Gown
Society of Berkeley. The membership is
to be open to all,' and I am sure the asso
ciation will- be a success."
SAN MATEO. Oct. 5.— The City Trus
tees by a unanimous vote to-night post
poned action on the sale of fire hydrants j
until the next regular meeting two weeks
ht-nce. This is apparently a victory for \
the forces advocating a bond Iseuo to i
purchase the water works, who favored '
postponement. Trustee Powers, who !
moved this course, says he desires a full j
board present when final action is taken, !
and as Trustee Brown has thirty days' j
leave of absence Powers says this will not
be over for another month yet. Mean
while advocates of the bond issue are !
active.
Action on Hydrant Sale Postponed.
The -wedding of Miss Jessie S,. Easton
and Lorin E. Hunt, the well known var
sity football player. Is announced.
An interesting wedding occurred on
Sunday night at the Church of the Sacred
Heart, when Miss Florence Pacheco and
James A. Laydon plighted their troth in
the presence of a large assemblage of
friends. The bride, the daughter of Mrs.
Julia C. Pacheco, Is a descendant of the
famous Pacheco family and Inherits the
traditional beauty of ita women. Tne
groom, the son of Darby Laydon, the
contractor, is an exceedingly popular fel
low and is associated with his father in
his varied enterprises.
The bride, in her robe of chiffon, en
wrapt in a cloud of tulle, made a radiant
picture as she bore on hor arm a tangled
mass of lilies of the valley. Miss Mary
Laydon, who attended the bride, was
prettily attired in white chiffon over
pink. The bride's mother, who gave her
daughter into the keeping of the groom,
wore a beautiful gown of black brussels
net over black silk.
After the ceremony a reception and
supper were given at the home of the
bride's mother, 109 Webster street. Tne
young people will make their home in this
city.
• • *
Mrs. G. E. Mayhew, regent of Sequoia
Chapter, Daughters of the American Rev
olution, will not be able to receive the
members of that organization on October
19 on account of the illness of her son,
Henry C. Mayhew.
• . • •
Some of the West Point class of 1903,
who have been here for the last fort
night awaiting transportation to trie
Philippines, gave a very pleasant little
dance at the Cumberland last Wednesday
evening. Much hospitality has been shown
them during their short stay in San Fran
cisco, and they adopted this pleasant way
of repaying It and saying good-by.
Mrs. Henry Eickhoff, Mrs. Gregory and
Mrs. Taylor assisted the youhg officers
in receiving their guest3, among whom
were Colonel* and Mrs. Booth, Captain
and Mrs. Overton. Mrs. Thomas P. Wood
ward, Miss Kent, Miss M!ner, Miss Wcod
•ward, Miss Ferguson, Miss Adah Howell,
Miss Selfridge, Miss Marriner. Miss Ren
nle Miss Spalding, Lieutenants Andrews,
Jackson. Guthrie, Ellis. Lear. Wheeler,
Cooper, Brechemln and the following
graduates of the class of 1903: Lieuten
ants C. B. Moore. L. G- Brown, O. C.
Aleshire C. Telford, M. B. Garter,
Charles F. Smith. S. M. Parker. B. E.
Grey C. B. Hodges, G. R, Guild. Emil
p Laurson, F. H. Farnum, Walter V.
Gallagher of Angel Island. F. Williams
and R. C. Moore.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin has written to ad
vise the patrons of the charity ball to be
given by the Daughters of the Confeder
acy at the Palace that she will return In
time to assist at that function.
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury entertained about
thirty girls at a tea in the palm garden
of the Palace yesterday, with Miss Bcrnie
Drown the guest of honor. The girls made
a ravishing picture in their dainty gowns,
flanked by tropical growths of feathery
green. And a right good time they had
of it, too, these merry maidens.
MARRIED IN THE
CHURCH OF THE
SACRED HEART
3;<3s are now called for, the understand
ing being that Los Angeles parties are
wil'jr.p to finance the bonds if they get
the greater part of the work proposed.
Fcrr.t? Councilmen express disapproval of
this plan, as it would appear to restrict
proposals on the work to the ore con
tractor, but others point out that all con
tractors can have the same chance and
if only one b!d is presented it must come
within the limitations of the City En
pinoer's estimates. It is important that
the bonds be di?iK>sed ot and the work be
gotten under way. and they favor the
plan" as the best possible and most ex
pedient solution of^ the problem. The
Council will consider the necessary ordi
nances in this regard at the next regular
meeting.
SAN* DTEGO. Oct. 5.— All specifications
for proposed improvement work under the
l>ond issue have been completed by City
Engineer D. Hemecourt and filed with the
city C.crk. Th«y represent a vast amount
of field and office work, the specifications
taking up about ISO pages of typewritten
copy, besides many yards of blue-print
map?.
SA2ST DIEGO IS READY
' FOR IMPROVEIkrENT WORK
Bids Are Called For and Los Angeles
Contractors "Want the
Job.
PROMINENT WOMEN OF OAKLAND WHO TOOK PART IN THE PRE.
LIMINARY, WORK OF ORGANIZING A WOMEN'S FEDERATION
WITH THE OBJECT OF IMPROVING THE CITY.
MADERA. Oct. 5.— There was a touch
of tobasco in the suit of Roberts vs. the
Fresno Democrat here to-day, the only
bit of excitement in the eleven days of
the trial. The flurry was caused by a
tilt between Mark R. Plaisted. general
manager of the Democrat, and Attorney
Ostrander of the plaintiff's counsel.
Plaisted declared from the stand that
Ostrander's question implied that he was
a liar and a wild scene ensued. A few
minutes later a second clash occurred in
which challenges to fight passed between
the belligerents.
Tilt Between Two of the Prominent
Persons in the Case Causes
Excitement.
WILD 5CEJTE OCCTJBS
AT THE MADERA TRIAL
COUNCIL DENIES
NICKS LICENSE
OAKLAND, Oct. 5.— A large num
ber of women t> representative of
the most prominent clubs in this
city, met with Mayor Olney In
his office at the City Hall this
afternoon for the purpose of discussing
the advisability of forming a women's
association to assist in the beautifying
of Oakland.
The Mayor had Issued Invitations to a
large number of the city's most promi
nent women and all were present, with
th© exception of two. who were out of
town.
The Mayor's object is to have the
assistance of the women of Oakland, as
an organized body, to aid in the move
ment of civic betterment. The club will
be expected to aid in the planting of trees
along the streets, securing and Improv
ing of parks and boulevards, the cleans
ing of the public thoroughfares, and the
general embellishment of the city.
ASSOCIATION FAVORED.
Mrs. S. C. Borland presided over the
meeting and Mrs. E. A. Kluegel acted as
secretary. The greater part of the meet
ing was devoted to the discussion of the
nature of the club, whether It would be
best to form a league of the women's
clubs of Oakland or organize a separate
and distinct association. -
The ladies discussed the matter *«ry
freely, all seeming heartily !n accord witfi
the aims of the Mayor and anxious to un
dertake the work intended for them.
It was after a short discussion agreed
that art association for civic Improvement
should be formed independently of any
women's clubs in the city, yet composed
largely of members of the , various
women's clubs and other prominent
women.
The Mayor invited each woman present
to send him a list of her women friends
whom she thought would be interested in
Yesterday was the date when the time
5n which the blackmailers pave the rail
road for the payment of 513 /»» expired.
News of the outrage was received in
Helena by the railroad detectives shortly
nfter midnight and at 12:S0 a special
pulled out for the scene. Chief of De
tecilves McFetridee was in charge of the
party* which was composed of several
detectlvea and Sheriffs. In addition tho
t-ix bloodhounds that have been at the
Helena station for several days were
taken.
BUTTE, Mor.t.. Oct. 6.— A Helena spe
cial to the Miner says the Northern Pa
cific Buffered again last nipht from the
work of the dynamiters. At 30:30 p. m..
when an extra westbound freight was
three miles west of Birdseve, a station
<*ight miles west of Helena, the explosion
occurred. As a result of it a portion of
the tracks was blown out, the pilot of the
engine was blown off and so was the
headlight.
Fortunately the engineer wbe able to
Stop the train quickly and thus prevented
ite being rtltclied. No one was hurt, but
the roadbed was torn up badly and freight
Jrains were tied up until repairs could be
IM(5p.
Explosion on the Track Blows Off
Pilot and Headlight of a
Freight, bttt No One Is
Injured!
Engineer Stops Train and
Prevents Ditching
Near Helena.
After Granthan's fall from the wagon
the horses continued their dangerous race
along Park street. At the corner of that
thoroughfare and San Antonio avenue the
animals collided with a buggy in which
were Mrs. Waldron and" her little ones.
The lighter vehicle was upset and the
occupants knocked into the gutter. The
younger child, Maria, was dazed and it
in feared hurt internally. Rowland Mc-
Donald # another child, who was standing
close to the Waldron buggy when the
.runaway team approached, was dragged
to safety by his grandmother, who ob
served b,ls danger. Both the Granthan
wagon and the Waldron vehicle were
stopped at the corner of Oak street and
San Antonio avenue.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 5.— Four persons
hurled violently into the street, one prob
ably fatally injured, and two vehicles
wrecked, was the result of a. double team,
runaway on Park street this afternoon.
Walter Granthtfh, a driver for the Log
Cabin bakery of Oakland, is the one ser
iously hurt. The others, who escaped
with minor bruises, are Mrs. Jerome
"Waldron of 1519 Encinal avenue and her
children, Maria, aged 2, and Bessie, aged
11 years.
Granthan wa8 coming into the city from
Oakland by way of the Park street
bridge. After he had crossed the draw
span his horses took fright and plunged
wildly along: Park street with Granthan
tugging at the reins. The wheels of the
wagon- struck a car track rail, causing
the vehicle to swing about, throwing the
driver to the macadam. Grar.than was
picked up In a semi conscious condition
and. conveyed to the Hospital
in Oakland. There it was found that his
spine was badly injured below the shoul
der line and the lower portion of his body
paralyzed. His recovery is deemed doubt
ful.
We must be connected with the outside
¦world and we must be in touch with the do
ings of other great countries, for we are a
great country. We are the oldest country and
we have the largest population of any coun
try. We have more than 400,000.000 people,
and with civilization and education we should
be the greatest power of the world.
At the conclusion of his speech Mr.
Iieong was greeted with congratulations
and compliments for the progress he has
made and the bravery he has shown in
connection with his work.
Following Leong's speech was a short
address by President David Starr Jordan,
in which he expressed his sympathy . for
the unfortunate conditions that prevail
in China and his encouragement for the
man who has risked hla life and is doing
so much good for his country.
Mr. Symmes, president of the Mer
chants' Association, also delivered a short
address,' In which he compared our condi
tion with that of China, the decay of
many public improvements furnishing the
theme. .
Following Is the menu of last evening's
banquet, all of the food for which, was
imported from China:
FRUITS.
Green. Preserves. GlaM.
Birds' Nest Foup. Sharks' Fins. Snow
Fungus with Noodles.
Toung Mushrooms with Uarnboo.
Duck Broth with Xuts.
Fried Chickens and Walnuts.
S«iuab3 with Mushrooms.
LI Hung Chang Chow Tuk.
Fried Rice Birds. Gok Sin Mle. Chinese Soaj>.
Roast Ducks.
WINE.
Poto "Wine. Chen Muey. Klce Wla«.
CAKES.
Four kinds Tea Cakea.
THE GBEATEST POWER.
It Is tho nlm of our association to brins the
Chinese subjects to a colnt wherp they can
realize the necessity of reforming the present
Btyle of government. There was never a
country reformed without a great loss of blood,
and though we may be accused of belnc over
arfldous to cause bloodshed It U only our own
blood that w,o stand ready to see shed. We
have shed blood and. gentlemen, we are^fady
to shed more to the last dror>. but we must
have a change, and It must talc* ptaca soon.
You may say. gentlemen, that the world U
civilized. It Is not civilized. China is not
civilized, and until It la the world Is unciv
ilized. YV*l:at we want this evening is your
sympathy and your appreciation of the critical
condition that my poor country is now in. The
United States is one of the greatest powers of
the world and it is a new country. All things
must have a beginning. Georjy Washington
was the beginning of this country. He was
your first President, and who knows but that
some one of these young countrymen of mln*
you see hera this evening, who are . now being
educated at your finest university, the Uni
versity of California — who knows but one of
them may In the near future be the beginning
of his country? A new China? We need edu
cation, we need railroads, we need telegraph
systems, telephone systems and newspapers.
All these are necessary to a great country,
and we must have them.
ASSOCIATION'S AIMS.
China is composed of two classes of people:
the class that is hearted by the Empress
Dowager and is trying to ke«p the country In
the stato cf uncivilizatiori and barbarism that
It is In to-day and the r.laJS that Is and has
been busily at work for the last four years
Btrlvtnjr to ralsa China to a footlne with other
great nations.
Leong Kai Cheu, who does not speak
the English language, addressed the as
sembly and his remarks, which were as
follows were interpreted by his secre
tary, Pow Chee.
The Chinese Empire Reform Associa
tion was organized four years ago, but
the six persons who were instrumental in
the starting of the association were Im
mediately arrested and put to death with
out trial by tne order of the Empress
Dowager of China. Leong Kai Cheu. who
is still a man In the early thirties, imme
diately took ud the work where It was
left off by his unfortunate predecessors,
and though a large reward wa3 immedi
ately onered by the Empress for him,
either dead or alive, he continued the
work, and at the present time the society
boasts of 4.000.CGO members.
The dinner was served at the restau
rant of Chan Mun Shanjj, 710 Jackson
street. Many Chinese merchants
were present. Mr. Leong Kai Cheu
has for the last four years made
a tour of the leading countries
of ;the world • In behalf of the asso
ciation he represents, which is organized
for the purpose of reforming China and
putting her on a footing with other coun
tries.
A large banquet vras given last evening
by the members of the Chinese Empire
Reform Association to their grand vice
president, Leong Kai Cheu. The banquet
was attended by several of San Fran
cisco's most prominent men. Among
those present were Professor David Starr
Jordan, Mr. Symms, Professor Haskell of
the University of California and Mr. Hart
North, chief of the Immigration Bureau.
This all happened about 10 o'clock at
nigrht, while the family including the
housekeeper, Mrs. Christina Madsen, were
in bed. The housekeeper had previously
hoard some one moving about in the base
ment. The house was soon filled ' with
smoke and Thompson ran down to see
what was the trouble. The basement was
ablaze then and Thompson thought his
house was doomed, but he used a hose
with so much effect that the flames were
soon put out.
Krie Thompson, a ship carpenter resid
ing at 1213 Haskell street, believes that
his formfr wife, Mrs. Christina Thomp-
Fon, tried to burn himself and two child
ren out of house and home Saturday
night and to-day he applied to Justice
of the Peace Edgar for a warrant for her
arrest on a charge of arson. Justice Ed
gar advised him to apply to the District
Attorney for a warrant and he did so,
but as he had no direct evidence con
necting his former wife with the crime
the application was denied.
The Incendiary made a determined ef
fort to burn the roof from over the heads
of what remains of the Thompson family.
Four firts were started in the basement.
One was a blazing pan of shavings buried
In the coal bin, another wa3 a burning
pile of kindling wood, another was a bot
tle full of blazing oil and still another
was a hemp curtain being slowly eaten
by flre.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center st., Oct. 4.
Threats Against North
ern Pacific Are Car
ried Out.
One of the Victims of the
Accident May Die of
Wounds.
Awakes to Find Basement
Blazing in Four
Places.
Association Fraise3 Good
Work of Patriotic Coun
tryman.
Hurls Driver to Street
and Hurts Women
and Children.
Eric Thompson Wants
Warrant for Wo
man's Arrest.
Chinese Reformer .Says
New Government Is
Necessity.
DYNAMITERS
MAKE WRECK
ON RAILROAD
BLAMES FORMER
WIFE FOR FIRE
BANQUET GIVEN
TO LEONG CHEU
RUNAWAY TEAM
INJURES FOUR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1903.
Prominent Members of Clubs Devoted to the Gentler Sex Gather
by Invitation of Mayor Olney at His Office and Discuss Project
for Adding to the General Attractiveness of the Municipality
WOMEN TO FORM AN ASSOCIATION
TO PROMOTE BEAUTY OF OAKLAND
9
ADVEaTISEaTENT3.
HOSTETTEjfc 8
M CELEBRATED UJ
fek STOMACH g
If you are troubled with Con-
stipation, Biliousness, Sick Head-
ache, Kidney Ailments, Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia or Malaria, you
need the Bitters at once. It will
cure you and restore you to per-
fect health.
A fair trial will convince you.
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES. •
Why wear a bulky plate when you can hav»
bridgework for the cost of material? Natural
looking and serviceable appliances mad* with
22 karat gold by an expert and fully guaran-
teed. Artistic gold crowns and fillings. Teeth
extracted free, graduates only. Teeth cleaneU
free, painltss methods. Kree clinic.
Week days. 0 to l>; Sundays. 0 to 1.
POST-GRADUATE DISTAL COLLSQB
San rranciseo — 3 Taylcr Street.
Oakland — 873 Washington Street.
San Jose— 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Don't Scold.-
Irritability is a nervous affection.
Strengthen the nerves with Dr.'Mjlc**
Nervine. Sleep \ better, cat betfer.
work better, feel better, and be Ixtter
- Sold <>n puara lev. U<x..k on nrrvt -* f"r Pj-tB."
Da. Miuts Mruir.w_Co.. KlUhat*. Iwd,STRANDED BARK GIFFORD
THAT LLOYD'S AGENTS ARE
ENDEAVORING TO SAVE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Heights of - High « and • Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to - Sao
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian; or at 8
p. in. Greenwich time.
;'J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge. ,
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal.,
October 6, 1003.
Time Ball.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, .from New- York via
Plymouth for Bremen, and proceeded. Sailed
; — Stmr Grosser Kerfurst. from Bremen for
New York. ' ,
« GIBRALTAR— Sailed Oct B — Stmr Prlnzesa
: Irene, from Genoa and Naples for New York.
¦ Arrived — Stmr Lahn, from New. York' via St.
: Michael for Naples and Genoa, and proceeded.
MOVILLE— Arrived Oct 5 — Stmr Astoria,
' from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded.
j ANTWERP— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Kroon
1 land, from' New -York.
i GLASGOW— Arrived Oct . 5 — Stmr Hungar
: Ian, from Montreal.
; . GLASGOW — Arrived Oct ¦ 6— »Stmr Astoria,
from New York vlaMoville.
: I LONDON— Arrived Oct 5 — Stmr Minneapolis,
from New York. . - . *
; HAMBURG— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Pretoria,
' for New York via Boulogne and Plymouth. ¦
: : NEW YORK — Arrived Oct 5 — Stmr Finland,
; from ¦ Antwerp. - , - :'s '. .:
I t QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Cam
¦ panla, from' Liverpool . for New York.
. PLYMOUTH— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Pretoria,
' from ' Hamburg and Boulogne for New York.
: ' NEW. , YORK— Arrived ' Oct 5— Stmr . Oscar
1 III, from ' Copenhagen, Chrlstlania and Chris
¦ tlansand. -
from' Tacoma for Liverpool.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Oct 2— Ger stmr Ram
ses,' for San FrancUco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 6— Br stmr Deu
calion, from Hongkong.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
Samuel Holmes, Frank Williams and Jo
seph Thompson were held to answer be
fore the Superior. Court by. Police Judge
Fritz yesterday on a charge of robbery.
They forcibly, snatched a satchel from
Miss Emily Flguera at Post and Leaven
worth streets on the night of September
29. Holmes was also held on a charge, of
grand ; larceny for stealing two gold
watches, a diamond ring and a gold ring
from Mrs. Florence Mitchell, 441 Geary
6treet, on June 14.
Held on Robbery Charge.
Felice Ghio Dies Suddenly.
Felice Ghio,. a tailor doing business at
912 Pacific street, expired suddenly yes
terday morning in Levy's jewelry store,
208 Montgomery avenue. Ghio was a na
tive of Italy, 82 years of age.
M. P. Grace Arrives From Alaska.
The American ship M. P. Grace arrived from
Alaska yesterday with 40.000 can** and 2700
barrels ot salmon, consigned to the Northern
Alaska Salmon Company.
Harbor Commissioners Meet To-Day
The Harbor CommfRFioners will hold their
regular weekly meeting to-day instead* of
Wednesday.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Charters.
The British chip Euraria, which arrived from
Antwerp on SunCay. was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Euror>e at 20s.
The bark Olympic returns to Honolulu with
general cargo.
Shipment of Wheat.
The British fhlp Queen Victoria was cleared
ye? terJay for Queenstown for orders with CS -
UiO ctls wheat, vclued at JSl.OOrt. and 19.000 ft
ljmber as dunnage, valued at $2S3.
? , — —
Exports for the North.
The steamer City of Puebla vailed on Satur
day for Victoria with an asserted merchan
dise eci-KO cor.plgnrd to various British Colum
liian ports valued at $24,701 and lncla<Jln2 th»
following: 13CS pkgs fresh fruit, 77 rkgs fresh
vegetal/les, 11.823 lbs dried fruit, 825 lbs ra!
eins. J1O4 Jh* ceffee, S56 lbs " cs cheese. 2200
lbs JiieaJs, 133 pkgs paste. 14 pVgs groceries and
provisions. :«7 »a!s wine, 810 gals vinegar.
207 cs canned goods. 25,910 lbs malt, 3000 lbs
chocolate. £2* lbs ham and bacon, 4S0 lbs sugar.
15 cs llcucrs. 10 tks nuts, S cs honey. C36 lbv
beans, 12 bbls baking powder, 43 iks onions,
3104 lbs leaf tobacco, y pkgs and — bottles
drugs, 1 rkg machinery. 137 pkgs pipe and flt
tlnes. 10.012 lbs asphalt. 70 cs arms and ammu
cltion, 19 pkgs paints and oils, 28 bales broom*
corn, 14 cs nails, 1 cs hats, 1 cs leather, S
pkgs dry CoodB. 24 pes Iron.
In addition to the foregoing the eteamer car
tied 21.E75 lbs Cried prunes, valued at f 1112, en
A fire broke out on the roof of the
Pioneer Hotel, 247 Stuart street, yesterday
afternoon at about 2 o'clock. The alarm
quickly brought the fire department to
the place, and tho flames were soon ex
tinguished. Charles G. Ahlgren, proprie
tor of the hotel, attributes the firo to
some jioarks from a chimney of one of
the neighboring dwellings, as there wos
no fire in the stoves of his hotel nor had
there been for at least an hour before the
outbreak. The damage was confined prin
cipally to the roof, and will amount to
$200. . ¦ !; -y^:V-j:i
Fire at Pioneer Hotel.
Captain Charles Roscoe Howland, aid
to General MacArthur, and Captain Stew
art, Fifteenth Infantry, are busily en
gaged In a search for a suitable target
range. They expect to discover a good 200
and 300 yard range within a few miles of
the Presidio, but a spot some distance
from the bay cities will probably be se
lected for the soldiers to shoot at the
longer distances.
Are Hunting for Target Range.
The submarine torpedo-boct Grampus went
out to sea yp«teraa.y and was accompanied
by the tur Fortune. The run was made to
ascertain how the Grampus would act in
rough water. The Pike remained tied up at
Black Point end will have her outing to-.day.
To-morrow It If the programme to da some
torpedo firing outride the heads.
Torpedo Boats Begin Trials.
The rate on the Gilford. _now stranded on
the beach, has dropped frcm S3 to K0 per
rent. The Corella, whirh Is now out 12S days
frcm Port Nttal to Valoaraiso. is rated at
f.O i>er cent. The Ftearr.er Finsbury. thirteen
day* out from Ko!»» to Yokohama. If listed
«t «* XHT cent. T>ie Loch Lonr. fiom New
<"aJ«>Gonia to Cl»'<Je. out 103 day*. Is <juote'1 at
f.O per cent. The C3tKarina still remains et
CO per cent and the Natur.a at 10 rcr cent.
Reinsurance List.
The Police Commissioners met as a pen
sion board yesterday afternoon and the
secretary was Instructed to ascertain
what employment. If any, the pensioners
were engaged In, with a view to deciding
whether any of them were fit to be re
called for regular duty. The applications
of Peter Rlchter and James F. Sheehan to
be placed on the pension list through dis
ability were deferred. They were In
structed to go before Drs. Tyrrell and
Hayes to be examined. Rlchter lost the
sight of an eye while marking at the
police targets and Sheehan was thrown
from his horse, causing cerebral conges
tion.
Police Pension Board Meets.
On the way down the Rnsecmns vpniie the
rteamer Homer on September 23 In Unlmak
Pass, bound eouth.
The elfieTrhe*! 5t«>amer Sa<3!e !s srheduled
to sail from St. Michael for San Francisco
about October "5.
The steamer Discovery will leave Nome on
October 15 fcr Port Towssend.
Captain EUls of the Barbara Hcmster left
Nome cm September 15 for a short whaling
end**.
The steamship Rosecrans. tinder command
of Cartiln Johnson, arrived £rom Nome and
6t. Michael yesterday. The vessel brings the
report that, both lighthouses Sn Uniir.ak Pass
¦re now In flrst-class order and are ehow
lng wiitte Hcnts. She alro reports that Cap
tain Green, formerly commander of the whal
ing vessel Barbara Hernster, hag rone as mate
on the cutter Ccrw'n.
News From the North.
TO ARRIVE.
Stearr.fr. From. j Due.
S. Portlai.d... Portland' & Astoria jOct. C
Nlr-pcn Maru. China & Japan (Oct. 0
M. Dollar San l'e L 1r-< ,Oct. U
G. 1-indaucr.. <Jrays Hailior iOct. 0
J. Dollar ; tealtic <fc Tacoma [Oct. «
Phoenix ; Mendccino Oct. 7
Chchallj Grays Harbor Oct. 7
Tellus i Oyster Harbor Oct. 7
J'dith Seattle |Oct. 7
Alliance ! Portland & Way l'ts. . ..|Oct. 7
San Jose Xew York via Panama.. ( Oct. 7
Columbia Portland & Astoria .Oct. 7
C'tr.tralij. Kan Pedro !Oct. 7
Arcata CofB Hay & Pt. Orford..|Oct. 7
Del .None Crescent City (Oct. 8 <
hanta Ucsa...| Pan Dk-go & Way Pts..;Oct. 8
Point Arena.. I Mendoclao & Pt. Arena.iOct. 8
Corona Humboidt jOct. «
Ariznnan Jf. Y. via Pt. Los Ang.JOct. a
Queen Pujret Sound Ports |Oct. 1*
Uonira j Newport & Way Ports. JOct. it
North Fork — ; Humboidt iOct. t»
Eureka ...j Humboidt IOct. 0
F. H. LeprHt.! Humboidt IOct. 10
S. Barbara... I Seattle & Olympia IOct. 10
Pomona ; Humboidt Oct 11
Argo ; Eel River Ports Oct. 11
Ftat«> of Cal.. J San Diego & Way Pts.. Oct. VI
G. W. i;Mer..i Portland & Astoria IOct. l:i
Coos Bay ] San Pedro & Way Pts..iOct. 13
Aiam^da Honolulu |Oct. 1.1
Silwria China A- Japan iOct. 13
City Pufbla.. Pupot Sound Ports |Oct. 14
Barracouta... New Ycrk via Panama. Oct. 15
Uarda Seatt'c IOct. 15
Kalnier I Seattle & Whatcom |Oct. 15
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
October O. I , I
Eureka Humboidt 0 am Pier 13
O«-I«l»«»r 7.
Czarina Coos Bay direct 5 pmJPIer 8
Arctic Humboidt 10 amIPIer 10
Iaqua Humboidt 9 am Pier * 2
Centralla. .. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pomona Humboidt l:30pPler 9
Doric China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 19
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmjpier 2
October K I
Phoenix Mendocino City.... 1 pm|Pier 1.3
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pmlPler 10
State of Cal Pan Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 19
Coos Bay..., San Pedro & Way. 9 amtPier U»
Ventura ' Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Oelol>er U. ;
Newburg... Grays Harbor iPler —
G. LIndauer Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.OrfordllO am Pier 13
October 1(». I 1
Corona...*.. Humboidt |l:30pPler 9
Redondo.... Lcs Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
S. 3arbara. Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia.. A«tnrla & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Para. . N. Y. via Panama. 12 i m Pier 40
October 11.
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 8
October 12.
Bonita I Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 19
N. Fork Humboidt 6 pm Pier 2
October 13.
Queen Pu?et Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
October 14.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
October IB.
N. Mn.ru China & Japan... 1 pm Pier 40
Califomlan. New York ;.. 3 pm Pier 23
G, W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 0
Bertha Valdex & Way Ports. Oct. 7
City Seattle... Skag-way & Way Ports Oct. S
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 9
Oregon Nome Oct. 10
Humboidt Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 11
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 13
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Cottage City. . Pkagway & Way Ports Oct. 14
Santa Ana.... Coolcs Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 10
Nome City Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Oct. 22
Movements of Steamers.
route to Montreal, and 140 tierces salmon, val
ued at ?2(jC0, for St. Paul, Minn.
Per Ftmr Rosecrans, from St. Michael Oct
4_Paff ed on Sept 24, 250 miles north of
Unirrak Pass, schr Vega, , from Nome for
Whatcom; Sept 25, 8 pm, in' Unlmak Pass,
stmr Homer, bound south, t
Per Kr bark Marsruerlte Mirabaud — Aug 1,
lat 50 S, Ion 82 W. Fr ship Leon Blum, from
Swansea for San Francisco: .Auk 30, off Cape
Hern, saw a ship with all sail blown away.
Per stmr Soji Mateo— Oct 3, 15 miles west
of Cape Arago, schr Lizzie Prien, hence Sept
14 for Coqullle River.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOAVNSEND — Arrived Oct 6 — Ship
Occidental, from Dutch Harbor. ..
HADLOCK — Arrived Oct 3 — Ship A. J. Ful
ler, from Nome.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, for San Francisco. Oct 0 — Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Francisco. ¦ i
POUT HARFORD — Sailed Oct 5 — Stmr Bo- !
nita. for San Pedro. I
POINT LOBOS — Passed Oct 5. 10 a m —
£tmr Olympic, from Falrhaven for San Pedro.
• ST. MICHAEL — To sail about Oct 23 — Stmr
Sadie, for Saa Francisco. .
NOME — To sail Oct 15 — Stmr Discovery, for
Port Townsend. Sailed Sept 15 — Schr Bar
bara Hernater, for whallnK cruise. .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 4— Stmr Che
halls, for San Francisco..
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Sept 29 — Schr E.
K. Wood, for San Pedro. -. . . * -
SEATILE— Arrived Oct 4^ — Schr Alice, from
Bristol Bay. • . • ; -
BANDON — Arrived Oct "6— Schr . Mayflower,
hence Sept 21. ' ' • • ' :
SANTA BARBARA — Sailed Oct 5— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San Diego.
REDONDO — Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr. Noyo, from
Port Lo3 Angeles. ¦ .
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Oct 5— Stmr
Noyo, for San Francisco. . •. vi
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Alliance,
from Portland for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS."
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct 4 — Bktn Echo,
from Newcastle, Aus. Sailed — Bktn S. G. Wil
der, for San Francisco. ' • ¦ . •
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct 5 — Stmr Siberia,
from Hongkong for San Francisco. ,"-'-. -.
% . EASTERN PORTS.
CAPE HENRY— Passed .In Oct 2— Bhlp Wil
liam F. Babcock, from New York, for Balti
more and San Francisco.- •- '
HONOLULU-*-Sailed -Oct 6 — Stmr <-. Siberia,
for San Francisco. Arrived — Stmr China, hence
Sept 29. - ;¦;-,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Both lighthouses ' in Unlmak Pass are in
working order.. -• * \
TELEGRAPHIC.
Point Lobos,- 10 p.- m.—^Weather, clear; wind
NW, vejocity 12 miles per hour.
FOREIGN . PORTS. . • .
HAMBURG— In port . Sept 20— Fr bark Tur
got,' for San 'Diego'.'
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 2— Br etmr Em
press of Japan, -for- Vancouver.- —
N ANAIMO — Arrived ¦ Oct • 5— Nor . stmr Tl
tania, from San' Diego.
AUCKLAND — Arrived Oct '4 — Stmr • Sonoma,
hence Sept. 17. ¦ ¦ ¦> . . . ¦ . -
HAIPHONG— Arrived Oct . 4— Bktn Willie
R. Hume,' from 'Astoria.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 1— Stmr San Jose,
for San •Francisco... .'. ¦ '- -
. SUEZ — Arrived ' Oct 6 — Br, itmr ,' Keemun,
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 5.
Stmr Pomona, Swan*en, 18 % hours from
Eureka.
Stinr Celia, Nordberff, 7>/4 hours from
PiKeon Point.
Ptmr Alcazar, Wlnkel, IS hours from Green
wood.
t-UrtT State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
frrm Pan DIfso.
Stmr Snn Mateo, Ross, 101 hours from Ta
ccma. ,
Stmr Despatch, Levlnson, . 48 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 2S hours from Eel
River. ¦ *
Stmr Newhurg, Anfindsen, SO hours from
Grays Harbor.
Bhlp M. P. Grace, Jobson, 25 days from
Hrlstol Bay.
Fr bark Canrobert, Bidon, 74 days from
Newcastle. Australia.
Fr bark Ivlaruuerlte Mlrabaud, Beauregard,
150 days from Swansea.
Schr Oiga. Waldwlcke, 9 days from Co
lumbia Elver.
Schr Mary C, Beck, 10 hours from Bodega.
' CLEARED.
Monday, October 8.
Br ship Queen Victoria, Uaker, Queenstown.
Br ship Glenlui, Scott, London. ¦
SAILED.
Monday, October 5.
Stmr G. W. Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, Blhlers Point.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Celia, Norberg:, .
lir ehlri Cloch, Mowatt. Melbourne.
Schr James Itolph, Olsen, .
SPOKEN.
feast Purvey charts, except wh»n a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, end then the number
given is subtracted from th» depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Shipping Intelligence.
The Supreme Court declared yesterday
that it had no jurisdiction in the case of
Walter N. Dimmick. who is attempting to
secure prison credits to shorten his term
at San Quentin. The prisoner alleges that
he is entitled to whatever credits are al
lowable under the laws of the. State, al
though he is serving a sentence Imposed
by a Judge of the Circuit Court. Dlm
mlck's attorney will carry the case to the
Unittd States Supreme Court on a writ of
error.
Two petitions for writs of mandate were
filed in the. Supreme Court yesterday re
questing that Auditor Baehr be forbid
den to continue making calculations for
the collection of taxes on the assessment
of the State Board of Equalization. It is
desired that he make two separate cal
culations, one for the city and county,
based on the assessment approved by the
Board of Supervisors, and the other for
the State, based on the assessment of the
Board of Equalization. B. P. Oliver and
D L. Buckley are the petitioners. An
alternative writ has been granted and the
hearing will take place next -Friday morn
ing at the Supreme Court.
Supreme Court Decides That It Has
No Jurisdiction in the
Dimmick Case.
MAY NOT GET BENEFIT
FROM PRISON CBEDITS
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the turly morning tides Bre given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tho order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column rives the last tides of the
day. except when ther? are but thre^ tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are In
a:loition to the soundings of the United States
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hith ar.tl low wnter» occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 6.
Sun rises 0:00
Sun sets 6:4G
Moon rises (full) 6:00 p. m.
C jTlmel Time |Tlme| jTlmel
£ 1 Ft. Ft. I -I Ft. I 1 Ft.
? |L Wj H W |L. V\'| |H WJ
C, I 4:4S| i.3jll:15 6.", 5:201 O.Sill:56| tTo
T 5:22' l.«IU:43 IMi 5:571 0.51 |
H Wl !L Wl !H TV! L, W
S 0:431 4-fl] 5:53| l.!» 12:10 5.4 C:35 0.2
9 | 1:3*1 4.S 1 fi:.17l 3.2112:801 f>.4 7:22 O.t
10 I 2:27! 4.G! 7:201 2.6| 1:301 5.31 8:15| 0.1
11 8:27 4.. r .| s:12l 2.81 2:171 .V2i ft:14| O.2
12 4:301 4.5! 9:171 3.1| 3:28| 5.1110:161 0.3
£^-r^ HE chances for the Coating of the
jl bark Gifford. stranded near Mus
jj eel Rock, grow brighter daily.
**¦ Yesterday Captain Woodside had
. " a big jrang of men at work and
the cargo of coal was being rapidly
thrown overboard on the shore side. An
additional crew of twenty men was pent
out late in the afternoon, and to-day,
when the second donkey engine is put to
vork on the after hatch, it will not take
long to jettison onough of the cargo to
cause the vessel to float.
Three treat mushroom anchors have
been placed cut in the open sea by the
tug Relief, and thc-Fe are attached to the j
Gifford by heavy iron cables, which pre- |
vent her from moving further shorev.-ard. ,
Captain Mctcalfe is very sanguine of >
success in the undertaking, and if the;
present fine weather continues he fee!s j
pure that success will reward his under- i
taking.- The sea, which had been swash- j
Ing over the bark's decks, has now i
calmed down, eo that only the Fpray of !
en occasional breaker flashes over. At •
present there is about e'.ght feet of water j
in her hold, but her pumps are fully ade- I
quate to reduce this the moment she com- j
mences to raise.
Crowds of people have been on the beach
¦watching the work on the vessel and |
speculating ns to the outcome of the
wreckers' attempts at saving the ship.
With twenty-four hours more of fine j
weather and a comparatively smooth f=ea j
the Gifford will in all probability be lifted j
from her rocky nest, and under the tow
Of the two powerful tugs, the Relief ami i
Alert, that are standing by, will be hauled {
into the open sea and brought in through j
the Golden Gate.
Walter C. Peacock vs. the United States
of America. District of Hawaii— Judgment
affirmed, with costs.
California Reduction Company vs. Sani
tary Reduction Works of San Francisco—
Judement affirmed.
H. Hackfleld & Co., Limited, vs. the
United States of America— This is an ap
peal from a judgment imposing a fine of
$100 upon the master of the steamship
Korea for allowing two Japanese immi
grants to escape from the vessel at Hono
lulu . on November 13, 1902— Judgment
affirmed.
Issaquah Coal Company vs. U. S. Fi
delity and Guaranty Company, District of
Washington— Judgment affirmed.
The court adjourned until to-day at
10:30 a. m. . ," ,.
In the appeals of Percy P. Moore, aa ad
ministrator of the estate of Frances J.
P. Moore, deceased, vs. the Bank of Brit
ish Columbia and Walter Young, and of
the Bank of British Columbia vs. Percy
P. Moore and others, the Court of Ap
peals affirmed the judgment of the United
States Circuit Court in one particular and
modified it very substantially in another.
The original action was brought to re
cover 5000-% shares of the capital stock of
the Sanger Lumber Company, which It
was alleged Mrs. Frances Moore had
given to the bank in trust for a certain
purpose with permission to reissue the
stock. The stock was reissued in the
name of Walter Young and when Mrs.
Moore or her representative demanded the
stock the bank exacted J98.750. which in
cluded assessments and interest. The Cir
cuit Court rendered judgment to the ef
fect that upon payment to the bank of
JS8.G00 the bank should deliver the stock
to Mrs. Moore. Both parties to the con
troversy were dissatislied with the judg
ment and appealed. Tho United States
Circuit Court of Appeals decided yester
day that the bank should surrender the
stock to Mrs. Moore's estate without the
payment of money "or any other thing";
that the bank itself had failed to pay the
i assessments on the stock: that it had
j failed to notify Mrs. Moore of the assess
ments, and that the stock had been given
to it by Mrs. Moore as a cestui qui trust.
; The following cases were also decided:
I United States of America vs. Montana
Lumber and Manufacturing Company, the
i Northern Pacific Railway Company et al.;
action to recover " $15,000 for lumber cut
! on Government land in Montana. The
j lower court decided in favor of the Mon
tana company. It was decided to submit
several questions of law • to the United
States Supreme Court, for the reason that
' several other very important cases of a
j similar character were pending before the
JrCourt of Appeals.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Hawley opened
the session of the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals yesterday and handed
down decisions in six cases.
Moore Estate Defeats
Bank of British Co
lumbia.
APPEAL COURT
OPENS SESSION
Mr. Preston, assayer for the State Min
ing Bureau, told the history of the gray
ish substance and its iridescent adorn
ments. The gray bulk was volcanic tufa.
It waa discovered In the tastnessea of the
dreary Funeral Mountains, that loom
above Death Valley, In Inyo County. The
sample forwarded to the Mining Bureau
was small. The deposit from which it
waa taken waa in ledges of large size,
deep and wide. The opals that were vis
ible to the naked eye were brought out
more distinctly with the aid of a micro
scope. There could be no question con
cerning their Identity.
Probably there arc as many opals In
the middle of the ledge as on the out-
Bide. Very likely throughout the great
ledge of volcanic tufa there may be spe
cimens much larger and valuable com
mercially. The interesting point from
the scientific attitude is that this geologi
cal formation carries such gems.
A few opals have been dscovered In
San Bernardino County and In Shasta
County. The output of Mexico Is com
mercially valuable. The specimens from
the Funeral Mountains, now under exam
ination at the State Mining Bureau, were
picked up by C. E. Showalter at Rialto,
Cal, Mr. Showalter writes that the ledge
from which they were taken Is near th«i
ninety-seventh line post marking the
boundary between California and Nevada.
The ledge Js of white rock and very
Thls news may set prospectors living
In Inyo County to making some search
for opals of larger size. The region in
which they are reported is so dismal and
uncomfortable that no man voluntarily
goes there unless there is some buslnc-ss
Inducement or necessity to prompt him.
An opal Is silica, like quartz, but In a
different condition, having a lower spe
cific gravity and hardness, and being
without crystalline structure. The tufa
in which the Funeral Mountain opals have
been found is calcareous rock, rough and
cellular. From Us gray surface peer out
changeable reflections of green, blue, yel
low and red. such as may possibly indi
cate the presence of what is technically
known to lapidaries as the "noble opal.
At the State Mining Bureau there was
received yesterday a mass of grayish
Igneous matter, hard as a flint, on the
face of which, emitting the unmistakable
light that Indicates the presence of gems,
are at least half a score of opals. They
are small, but »!gnincant. The hope wa3
thereby raised that an opal industry may
be created In California.
Discovery Is Made That May
Lead to Exten3ive Ex
ploration.
Gray Wastes of Funeral
Mountains Yield Up
Gaudy Gems.
TUFA CONTAINS
GLEAMING OPALS
CHANCES FOR FLOATING STRANDED
BARK RAPIDLY GROWING BRIGHTER
Big Crew of Men Working Night and Day Jettisoning Cargo of
Coal From the Gifford, and if Weather Continues Favorable
She May Be Once More in Deep Water by End of the. Week
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1903.
10
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMFAITSr.
Tlburoa Ferry, Toot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAH BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— V:aO. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :5O and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:QO, 6:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. ra.
SAN RAPAEI. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:06. 7:35. 7:50. 0:20, 11:13
a. m.i 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:C3 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Lesve I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclsco.f Sept. 27. 1903. | San FrancUco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- 1 Sun- | Week
Dayg. I days. | tlon. ( days. I Days.
~7-30a S-OOb 9:10 al 8:40 a
9:30 a Iffnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:C0p ":^5 p
Tw a 9:10 ai 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 9:30 a Petaluma C:05p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:4Oa 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
~ Windsor,
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:o5 p 6:.0p
Cloverdale.
7::*Oa| 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 ailO:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
THJOal 8:00 a| Wllllta. |7:35pj6j20p
7 :30 at 8:00 al jltTtio a'10:20 a
•6:Z0 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
*7:3Oa| 8:00 al Sonoma. I 0:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7-30 a| S:COa| 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p( S»ba»topol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Surlngs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
scVville for Skages Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Scda Bay. Lake-
iHjrt and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
SDrtnKS. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprinsrs. Upper Lake.Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Rlvvrside, Lierly'..
Hucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mer.docino City. Fort Brags.
NVestport. Usal: at Wtlliw for Fort Brags.
Westuort. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle eummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harrl*. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
an b 1 aturday 'to Monday round-trip tickets at
"oo"sunda"- Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofnee. 650 Market mreet. Chronicle
building. mri-vr
H. C. WHITING. R- X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas». Agt.
SAV RAFAEL
aSS^wEnl SAf ' Quentin,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
rF^ via Sausalito I " erry
DAYS — (Holidays excepted>— 6:45.
t .^4 E 5 E 8:45 »:43. 11 jfW-««t 5 ' 3:15 "
l-'-f, -T-5O 5 6 7:30. ». 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Quentin.
Thiwe rnarl'ed (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturd^s' On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
"fROM^An'kAFAEI. TO SAN FRANC13CO
wllk dais--5T25, J6:25. 7:40. 8:15. t9:35.
niH n^Tsilo: 2:20. J3:45. 4:30. 5:30. 6:43.
1O irNDAYS- 6:15 7:35. JS:10. 0:10. J10:53.
tll:45 12:5 °. 2:i0 - * 3:23 ' 4:i0 ' J5:3O>
6 : Trains °ma?kcd from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY JO SAN FRAN-
prerrv- Week days — 5:45, 6:40. 7:45. 8.-3,
0?«?Jl*0^Tmf y i2:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7:05.
10 S 4 l?VDA^S— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:03.
l4»-«3* 4:55. 6:03. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
l.UO. -.w. THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days — Cazadero and way
"^"liTi). m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m- Saturdays — Cazadero and way
* Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. ra., Casa.
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market st.
FERRY — Foot of Market st.
S 8ALIF0RNIA g
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
n Leaves Mondays and Thursdays. H
<S at 0:30 a. m., through In 8 days* ||
fi with diner and all trappings. H
Other Santa Fe Trains :
V™ ?" ™" I f°r Stockton, Fresno, Bakertfleld,
8 : 00 p." m! f Merced « Haaiord tad Viaalia.
4.00 p. m. tor Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
. Chicago.
Ticket Offic*: 641 Market St., and Tarry
Depot. S. r. Also 1U2 Broadway, Oak-
' land, Cal.
; fCoal Reduction!
*, 2000 Pounds §
1 v Put in Your Bin |
i AMERICAN GANNEL $101
- . Sold by All »«llablej DaalT». J
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THK
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
' itrcnsth to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
SOUTHERN^ PACIFIC
(Mmln Line, foot of Marlcet Stfeo* )
7.00* Benlela. 8ul«an. Elmlr* and Smcr^
7X0* V°»YWe/winters.'Bum»ejr:*.-..-. /-2S»
Napa. CHlstoKS. Santa Ro«t...... 6^5»
740a Ullet. LlTermore. Lathrop. StoeX-
ton .......••....•..•••.•••••• /••**
¦ 00a D»Tli,Woodl»o<l. Knlghu Landing;
• uu jl»W»Tllle. OroTUJe. (connect*
alMarriTlUe for Grtdley. Blgx*
8 COa AUanUc J Exprei^-biae"n indEaiil 1O2S*
¦SI Port Co.ta. Marttne*. Aatloca. By-
"•""^ ron.Tracy.8tockton.8acraxnento,
Lo« Banoa. Mendota. Uaaford.
TUalla. Porterrtllo ..~j- *JSr
gJSOJL Port Coita, Jtartlnei. Tracy. Lata-
1 rop. Mode.to. Merced, Fresno.
G»»Hen JancUon, Hanford, Vt
¦alia. Bakersfleld B.2W
¦JHa Sbaau Kipr*M— T>nl% wiiliami
l>80A (for Bartlett Sprtwt). Willow*.
tFrnto. Ked Blufl. Portland...... 7.»5»
1.30* VOea, Ban Jote. LlTermore. Stock*
¦•*"* f '{J J c I J', olie>8 » eri i m ento.Pl.'«cerTUl«.
HarysTllle. Chlco. Bed Blnff..... 4.Z3V
830* Oakdale. Chlne»e. Jamestown. Bo-
aora. Tuolumne and AnjeU 4-Z5F
S.OOa MartlnexaadWaySutloni -.. •||»
184>0a Vallejo- liXW
10/>0a El Paso Pawen«er. Eastbound.—
1B * U Port Costa. Martlaex, Byroa.
Truer, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced. K»Tmond. Fresno. Han-
icnS. Vlsalla. Bakersneld. Lo«
Angeles and El Pmo. (»«#?
bound arrtTe»*l» Coaat Line)... «1J8»
10 .0OA
1200m Hayward. Sl!es and Way Station.. J-25F
11^K)p Bacramento Ulrer Steamers tll.00*
3J0r Benld*. Winter*. Bacramento.
-Woodland. Williams, Colasa.WO-
Jows. KnlBhta Landing. >fary»-
Ttlle. OroTllle and way station*., iw 09*
5-30r Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 75a>
4JMJr Martinex.San Ramon. ValleJo.J.apa,
CalUtog*. SaiiU Rosa Alt*
4-COr MarttaexTTracy.Lathrop.Stoclcton. 1025a
40Cf Hlles. LlTennore. Stockton. Lodl . *|5f
4JC ' »3K^3^s^£: \ n f i.li:
EJMp Tte Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
Bakersfleld. Loa Angeles........ 8-58A
fJBOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton, Lot
Banos 'i'ii r
1B30F Hayward. Nlles and San Jos* 7.25a
S.OOr Hayward. Nllea and San Jose. 1Q-2S*
tJtQr Oriental Mall— Onden. Denver.
Omatsa. St. Loola. ChlcaKO and
East. Purt Costa. Benlela. Sat*
sun. Elmlra, Darls, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Anburo. Colfas.
Trnckee. Boca. »•»•. Wad»-
wortn, Wlngemseet, Dattl*
Mountain. Elko 4-2S»
».. Eeno. Truckee. Sacramento. DaTla.
Buisnn. Benlela. Port Costa 7-6SA
S.OOr Yallelo. dally, except Ssnday.... » 7.55^
7.0Cr Vallejo, bunday only »
7X0f 6 an Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes _.
and Way Stations. ll-Zi*.
8C5r Oregon * California Express— Bae-
raniento. Marysvllle. Reddlnj,
Portland. Paget Soard and East. . 8-53A
i.10» Hay ward. Nlles and San Jose (Sttn-
dayonly) »• •"••**
11.2Sp Port Co-ta. Tracy. Latnrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Rajmond <to To-
•emlte). Fresno, lUnford. VI- ,____
salla. Bakemtleld 1223>
" COAST LINE <3«rr«»w ««»?•;•
w (Foot of .Market StTcct.)
745a Sanu Cruz Excursion (Sunday
omy) •• ;— • ••»•*»
B.15* Hewarlc Centerrllle. 8sn Jose,
Felton. Bouloer Creek. Santa
Crux and Way Stations B.Z3*
t2.16* Newark. CenterTllle. San Josa.
New Almaden.Los Gatos.Felton,
Boulder Cruek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10-5a*
4.1o> Newark. San Jose. Los Gatoa and
way station* (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Croz). Connects at Felton to
and from BonlderCrwfk Tb.dB*
""OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN VliAb CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip*)
— 17:13 »:U) 11:00 a.m. 100 300 515 P.M.
From OAKLAND. I'oot of Broadway — -t«:0O S3:0>
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 T.X.
' COAST LINE <UreaJ Oauice).
tjr <t hlrd »na lu»anad Street*.)
~ t.10* San Jose and War Stations •30'
U CO* San Jose and W«y SUtlons 5 33?
7 15* Monterey and Santa Cnu Exrar-
slon (Sunday only)........... ... 830*
S.OOa New Almaden (Tue»., Frld.. only), 4-1 Of
410a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Sao
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
llster). Pajaro. CastroTllle. Sa-
l!nas. San .\rrto. Paso Roblea.
SanU Margarita. San Lnls Oblspo.
Guadalupc. Surf (connection for -'
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Saugus
and Los Angeles. Connection it
CastroTtlle to and from Monterey
I andPacincGroye 18.48*
t.CO* 8an Jose. Tres Plnos. Capttola,
BantaCruz.PaciaeOroTe.Sallnaa,
Ban Lnls Obtspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-IOf
ft33O* Ean Jose and Way Stations 1.20r
11430* Cemetery Passenger— Soutll Saa
Francisco. San Bruno 1.05?
1130* Santa Clara, han Jose. Loa Qatoa
and Way Stations 7.33?
miJSOr Ean Josa and Way Stations ... .... x7C0»
2.00r San Jose and Way Stations 13.40a
2.30p Cemetery Passeneer — South S»n
Franel-co. San Bruno 4-357
t3.CC? Del Monte Rxpreit*— Santa Clara,
San Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa '
Clara for SanU Crux. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) 112-15*
S-ZCr Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Kurllntr:ime.San Mateo.Iiedwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. 8an Jose, <Gllroy. Hollia-
ter, Tres Plnos). Pajaro. Wat-oa-
•rtlle. Capl tola. Saata Crux, Cm-
troTllle, Sallnaa 1O 55*
4-30r San Jose and Way Sutlons 8.33*
bCOr San Jose. (tIa Santa Clara) Loa
Oatoa, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sunday) 9.00*
iBZQr SanJoseandPrlnctpalWaTSUttons 18.00*
tfc.16* San M«teo,Beresford.nelinoni.San
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 19.45*
fJOr San J ose and W ay Stations 6.33*
XOr Snnset Limited. Eastfoound.— Saa
Luis Obtspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Anseles. Deratnfr. EJ Pa»o.' New
Orleans. New Tori. (Westbound
arrives r\» S»n JosqutaValley)... «r8.25 A
|,«f Palo Alto and Way Station- 10-15*
lixrjr South San Francisco. MUlbrae,
* Barlinitame, Saa Mateo, Bel-
mont, San Carlos. Reawood, MM .
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo VtVtt
AHo. Majneld. Mountain View. *»•*»»
Sunnyvaie. Lawrence. Sanu
Clara and San Jose J
A for Mornlna;. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Sunday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday extcpted. a Saturday only.
< V ta Coast Line. <r Via San Joaquln Valley.
• Reno trata eastbonnd discontinued.
Br*Only trains stopplSK at Valencia ot. sontbbouD4
ajrek:10A.M-t7:0U*.u..U:na*.M..2:ajj>.M.and«;30^.*
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Wa SasiaLiu fsrry Arrtve
Saa Fran. H* si Harxw ». San Fran.
Week Sun- — gggL Sun- VVecsT
t>»^ <^y /^wisSk - d< ry_ Day*.
w:45a »:«Oa frgSGSljXZX if.OUs 5TT3I
l:43r 9:OOa V^^^^^ 13:6Of 3:3i»r
5slftrlO:OOA 3:3Op 3:50»
11; 3o* X^>5w^ 4:35 >
2:35r 8:OO»
latarsay* saty. urn Tattra T 9tSOr,*niy%ti. iliattr
TICUI I (KM M AruurT St.. (North Sfiore RaUrasxt)
OrilCB » and SADS4UTO Fcaav Foot MarssK St.
1 WEEKLY CALL §1 PEB YEAB,
RAILWAY TBA.VEL. .
I Go East With Us
I and Save iuoney a
1 comfortably holding two people, in a tourist sleeping car for only *b. . rnnvonieTice. W
I The difference might as well remain in your pocket, for you "^^W";^£?S?ffiS 1
1 The bed linen and blankets in the tourist car are just as good, the J***™^?^™ 1 ?%£&
I if not more so, and if you go our way you have the added convenience of being in the care oi a special
I tourist conductor, who does so much to make the trip interesting and entertainmg.
1 We take you through Salt Lake City, Colorado bydaylight, and Denw , and one party each™* Is so
§ planned so that you can stop for a few hours in Salt Lake City and Denver so as to see the «#*a. g
I Cut out the coupon below and send it to Mr. Sanborn. He will teU you «B^about |
1 ducted tourist parties, send you a descriptive folder, and answer carefully any question about going east
|j that you may ask. a
I ' !____. ICOUPON. rr CUTTH.SOUT,
I Pfflffiwiil W. D. SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route, f
1 lilllMl-iDDl 631 Market Streat.SAN FRANCISCO. |
I iWN^mm Please send me complete Information about your personally H
I i^liUiyi^S conducted tourist car parties to eastern cities. W
|| " mmm "~ ¦" I want to go to.. n
II The greatest Exposition that the world has ever • II
| seen, will be held at St Louis in 1904. Name 77- ~ ~~ I
ra g40 Address .w^^^n^jl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WELL-BRED MAIM
Never allows his linen to be worn either
soiled, or shabby, and consequently . he
takes it to a laundry where the flnlsh
keeps it from soiling quickly, and where
there are no shabby edges or torn button
holes to annoy him. Satisfaction is al-
ways given to the man who brlng3 his
shirts, collars or cuffs to , the
States ; Laundry in color, finish arid con-
dition.' Our work is first-class— our prices
low.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MABKET STBJBST,'
Near Powell." 1 '.X'-'VMeat Market.
"When the case of C. T. Hubbard. tele
graph operator at Selma, charged with
assault to murder, was called In Police
Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday the-
Judge, after reading a letter he had re
ceived from Dr. William W. Kergan of
Oakland, dismissed It. About a month
ago Hubbard fired a shot at a man who
had struck him on the mouth, and tha
bullet hit Mrs. Kergan. who was standing
at Grant avenue and Market street wait
ing for a car to take her to the ferry.
Dr. Kergan In his letter said that ho
had "Carefully investigated Hubbard's
story and his past history and had com©
to the conclusion that Hubbard was tell
ing the truth. Mrs. Kergan had suf.
flcdently recovered to be told the story of
the shooting, and she had absolutely re
fused to have anything to do with the
case and had requested her husband not
to interfere in the matter.
Wife of Dr. "W. W. Xergan Is Con
vinced That He Accidentally
Shoz Her.
REFUSES TO PBOSECUTE
CASE AGAINST HUBBABD
Nezv York Stock Market.
*CEW YORK. Oct. 5.— To-day's *tock mar
l.<t dropped into a professional rut and there
was a rhrinkace In the dealings to about the
daily average. The price movements were
very distinctly s'.JCKish and phowed little in
clination to set far away from last week's
closing. The bullish professionals who hal
tormed a hope that the cjn»:<Je-ab!e streryfth
shown last week would 6erve to reassure buy
ers and brir« Lhem Into the market were de
fidediy disappointed. Notwithstanding the Jact
that it :» usual for considerable orders to
nr<*L:mulate In brokers' offices ever Sunday
thert wore fewer orders eitlur to !my or to
Mil in this mornlnc'* market than for many
• weeks i<att. When the failure or buying was
I»rc«lved the traders eold the murWct. with
the result of slowly esxgtng prices through
the early part of the day. There was Uirough
uut urfcpr.t liquidation euch as kept speculators
tervoua. But the recovery from last Mon
day's lew level. Which has run from 3 to. 5
[TtrlBIl /or many of the most prominent Bt-xk».
jseenitrd to measure the recuperativ.; j>ower of
the market lor the present. Th* news of
to-day wa s rather favorable than otherwise,
but there was very little of It bearing on
security values. To-morrow Is the day strt
for action on Uih dividend on United States
rliee! common. Offers were made jn the curb
Liarket tu-dav of the prospective dividend at
a fraction of 1 per cent. Jiei>orts from Lon
don that b»-veral million iK>unds sterling were
afloat lor that center from India and Africa
ww' a reassuring factor on the local money
market, a* it promises means to supply Amer
ican demand u;>on London tor gold should the
exigencies ..¦:..•: .j it. Call money was firm.
The time money market Is largely nominal,
ih* demand beln^ l&niruld and tenders still in
fflsposed to lire*-* lunds upon borrowers at
current rates. 3ume rumors continue to cir
culate on large loans yet to mature whose
liquidation may nec^bsltate reneweu Belling in
the stock market. But there wan not eien of
this to-d&y. Wall street continues to puzzle
; itself over the i-r.ormou« loans disclosed by
' the national banks in the statement of con
dition to the Comi-troUer on Septemt>er 9 last.
The year's expansion In loans of tr.ore than
S200.00<\000, with a falling off In deposits for
the same period of ever $40,000,000. is the
ground for :-• :..u uneasiness over the gentral
fcituatlon. This condition seems to point to
a conclusion that tn rplte of the enormous
liquidation there is etlll much borrowed money
tied up. In the case of stocks which have
been Hired from sacrifice by response to calls
for margin the enormous decline in price of
eecuritler mutt, of course, have involved the
placing of very large additional funds. Stocks
thus held through a long decline arc a threat
hanging over the market on any considerable
The Potato market was overstocked and easy
except for fancy Salinas Burbanks. The dally
receipts of river Burbanks are too heavy for
the market to absorb, aa there Is no outside
demand and stocks are steadily accumulating.
Four cars of Sweet Potatoes were received
from Merced and there was a sharp drop in
prices. Fancy Onions were fairly steady at
the quotations, but there were large quanti
ties of poor etock offering, which could not be
sold at any price.
Freeh arrivals of Tomatoes were rather light
as the trains from across the. bay were de
layed, but the market was well supplied with
carried-over stock, which arrived late on Sat
urday. The demand was fair and the quo
tations were unchanged, but the top price was
obtained only for some special brands. 40c
being about the top for the general run of
supplies. Swnraer Squash and Cucumbers were
plentiful and prices were shaded. »The other
vegetables were in ample eupply and prices
were unchanged.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river 50
<g80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25SI 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. «0@S)Oc per ctl; River
Reds 80000c per ctl; 8w«et Potatoes, $1 35@
1 40 per ctl.
ONIONS — . r >0(fiti5c per cti. •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Oct. Deo.
Opening 6 2% 6 3%
Closing 6 2!s 6 4
PARIS. %
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 40 20 J«5 /
Closing 2125 2120
OpVn°ln r g~....- 3° 10 2S 40
Closing 30 15 2S 50
| EASTERN MARKETS.
Beans continue weak, with heavy arrivals
and a poor demand, with a further decline
In several descriptions.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 C0®2 75; Pea, $3 25;
Butters, nominal: small White $3 10^3 35;
large White. $2 50(&2 75; Pink,' $2 50@2 75;
Red, $2 0O@3; Lima $3 35@.1 60; Red Kidneys
$4 50; Blackeye. $2 50@2 75 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 40@l 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,
6@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l$»@2%c: Timothy. C@rt%c; Hemp, 3Vi@3%c
per lb: Millet, 3(?3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20®
23 oer ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $1 80@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The boy who was taken from a Los An-
Rples train on Saturday afternoon In a
drunken condition by Sergeant Gorman
and locked up In the City Prison till he
was sober turn3 out to bo a romancer.
He had boarded the train at Los Anjreles
on Friday night and two men had In
duced him to consume considerable liquor.
As he claimed to have had $200 In his
pocket when he left Ltfs Angeles, the
conductor of the train notified the police
to look out for htm on his arrival.
The boy said at first that his name was
Louia Goldstein, that he was 15 years of
age and was on his way to Kansas City
to see his sister. Since then he has been
put through the sweating process, and he
acknowledged that his true name was
Russell Webb and that he was 17 years of
age. Captain Martin wired to Los An
geles about him and received a reply from
Chief Elton that the boy was wanted
there for the larceny of $200 and to hold
him till an officer arrived to tak© him
back. He had $36 in his pockets when
searched at the City Prison, and he had
no idea what had become of the balance
of the $200.
His Name Is Russell "Webb and He Is
Wanted in Los Angeles for
Larceny.
DRUNKEN BOY PROVES
TO BE A BOMANCER
Hops continue firm. An Interesting state
ment of the situation appears in the first col
umn. .
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9%c; medium. 8%c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and he for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 8%c; Salted Veal, 9%c;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides, 15@15%c; dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 2oQ
30c each; short wool, 40<g50c each: medium, 70
@90c; long wool. $1@1 60 each: Horse Hides;
salt, $2 75 for large and $2'»'2 50 for medium.
$1 25@1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Hors«
Hides, dry. $1 75 for larte and $1 50 for me
dium, $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Sklns-^Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted
Mexican, 20c; dry Central American, 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth 50c; medium, 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%#4%c per lb;
No. 2, .4©4%c: Krease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs', 9@
12c; Foothill. 10«jl2c; Middle County, ll©13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18@20c; Nevada. 13
&'15c- Valley Oregon, fine. 185rl!>c; do, medium,
17C18C: do. coarse, 16(317c per lb.
• HOPS — 22Jfj'26c per lb for California and 20
®25e for Oregon. _L_L
Hides, Tallow, Wool, and Hops.
Chicago was dull and not materially changed.
In this market the higher descriptions of
Bacon were higher, while pure Lard was
marked down. Business was reported fair.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
15%c for extra light. lS%c for sugar-cured and
19c for extra sucar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%(jjl5?ic; California Hams. 15
©15 Uc; Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12®12 50; Family. $13@13 60; prime Mess
Pork. $19; extra clear, $25; Mesn. $20; Dry
Salted Pork, 12 %c; Pig Pork, $28; Pigs' Feet,
$5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tiorces quoted at 7^4 c p«r lb for
compound and 0%c for pure; half bar
rels*, pure, 10"/4c: 10-lb tins, lie; 5-lb tins,
ll%c; 3-lb tins, ll',4c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 6%c; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce, U%c; two tierces,
9iic; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24®25 per
ton: Oilcake- Meal at the mill, $26@26 60; Job
bing, $27@27 60; Cocoanut Cake, 521&22-
Corn Meal, $32 50(333; Cracked Corn, f.Y.ia
33 50; Mixed Feed, $22 50@23 50; Horse Beans,
$li8(g30 per ten.
HAY— Wheat. ?12» 50@15 60, with sales of
extra choice at $16; Wheat and Oat, S12@15-
Oat, 812&14; Wild Oat, $lligl2; Barley, MOM
12 50; Stock, $10012; Alfalfa, $10 60®12 per
ton.
STRAW — 40@COc per bale.
SHORTS— $21 50@22 50 per ton.
Hay rule3 firm at the advance reported at
the close of the week, but receipts were large
again yesterday. Feedstuffs continue firm, but
Unchanged,
iSKAi\— $21 50fff22 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 56<g28 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 60®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50@i 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90<ff i 20 per bbl
for family and $3 0004 40 for Bakers'
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs- Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do, $4;' Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4'34 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50© 4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oat3. bbls. $7 2508 CO; in sacks. $0 75@8 10-
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady. No 3 spring wheat. 77%f*
78 ',^c; No. 2 red. 76 < J4ig77'^c; No. 2 corn, 44%
<S44%c; No. 2 yellow. 4»>Vi<f?4(S«/4c; So. 2 oats.
35%e; No. 3 white. 3SG3734C; No. 2 rye, 53c;
good feeding barley. 4<v344e; fair to choice
malting. 4<iS5Kc; No. I flax seed, 95c; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 01; prime timothy seed. $2 75;
mess pork, per barrel, $11 S7%011 50; lard,
per 100 pounds, ?7 45®7 50; short ribs sides
(loose). $9^9 25; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$»} 70fi°6 75; Rhort clear sides (boxed). $8 75®
9; whisky, basis of high, wines, $1 23; clover,
contract grade, $10 75^ _^
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 20,000 28,700
Wheat bushels 61,200 241,5(K)
Corn bushels .<WO.:tOO 785.600
Oats' bushels 21M5.9OO 137,300
Rye "bushels 6.700 700
Barley, bushels 154,000 6.700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak. Creameries. 15%@20c. Dai
ries 14@10c. Cheese, firm. ll%c. Eggs, easy,
18S'l9c.
Foreign Futures.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
Dec., new 77 77^ 7(5^ 76%
M » v •••• 78 78« 77V4 77%
Corn No. 2—
October 44% 44%" 44 44
December 44% 44% 44 41%
May 44 44U 43% 44%
Oats No. 2—
October 35% 35% .*!5Vi 35%
December 35% 35% S5U .1,">i»i
May .'!G>., 30% a6Vi 36%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October II 25 11 37% 11 12% 11 37%
January 12 52% 12 55 12 45 12 45
May 12 47% 12 CO 12 47% 12 52%
Lard per 100 pounds —
October 7 CO 7 62% 7 42% 7 42%
December « f*5 •» S7% 6 S2% 6 S2%
January 6 85 6 JMt 6 S5 6 85.
Short Ribs, per 1C0 pounds —
October f> 50 It B0 9 25 9 25
January 0 tiO 0 CO (5 55 6 57%
Weather Report.
< 32oth Meridian— Faciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 5—5 p.' m.
COAST RECORD.
I Ja ?| ~S ?? I
STATION. J t= |§ I" £
I c c • s
• a a '. • '.
Xlakrr .... 20.70- S6 42 F Rain .22
• ¦¦¦¦-n S».S'»*70 tS Vi" Clear .00
KaraSlon .V>.<?« «0 7.6 JffW Clear .00
Fnoo 2«.S>6 *0 AH NW Clear .<X»
T ~!M--s=t8ff 23. KS d4 2S F\V Clear .00
Independence .2^.M 76 52 SE Oar .(*?
!.os Arxele* .23.fc.fj f.(, .v; w Clear .00
";. Tan-.alpaisO'-t.W «6 50 NW Clear ,00
I*b9etcx 29.76 M 54 W Clear .00
rocateUo jw. *g r-o 46 s Pt cidy .((«
Portland 2S.02 e.2 5* fW Cloudy .22
• Point Tir-yes. .r.n.m cm m nt; Clear .00
. i >'l Fluff 29. 5*5 70 <X> PR Pt Cldy .00
T.tveburg 2f«.92 <:2 T-2 H\V Rain .32
t-arrarnento ..29. PS £2 .*•» S (Hear .00
Salt Lske ...29.M .'.« r>2 ?E Cloudy .10
San Frarrisco.SO.OH GS, .V> w Oar .00
B 1. Ob tpc. .29.!>S 7S 54 W Clear .(O
Fan Di#-Fo ...29.S4 74 Mi W Clear .<"}
Seaul* 29. KS S<} KO SE Cloudy .3*
SR<>kane 23.44 r»2 38 S cloudy .20
Walla Walla. 29. SO 64 4S F Cloudy .28
¦VVir.nfrr.ur'a .23.SS 00 4S PW Pt Cldy .00
Yuma :».7G 90 W S}YV Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENEIRAL
FORECAST.
«. The ftrrm off the Washir.gtcn coast this
• morning has moved rapidly inland and now
overlies Briiish Columbia. Kain hap fallen
over Wobtagtaa, Oregon. Idaho. Northern Ne
vada.. Northern Utah and Western Montana.
Fair weathr r prevails over California, Southern
Nevada and Arizona.
The pressure has failen rapidly over Wash
ington. Oregon and Idaho. In Northern ¦Wash
ington the fall nuiJl half an inch in the
j>ast twenty-four hours.
The temperature ha* rif=en over the eastern
portions of Washington and Oregon and re
mained nearly stationary in other districts.
Reports are rniEEing along the coast north
at Cap* Mendocino.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 6:
Northern California — Fair Tuesday, except
cloudy In extreme north portion; probably with
ligtit showers : fresb southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Tuesday cloudy, with phowern In
north portion; fair in eouth portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
• fresh southwest wind.
G. H. WTLL8ON.
Local Forecaster. Temporarily in Charge.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Oct. S— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Is qr coup... — — 4s qr e (new) — —
4s qr reg ... — — 3s qr coup .. — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s — — Do 5s — 112»i
Bay CPC 5s. 103% — Do con Ss.103 —
Cal C G 5s. 103% — O W C g 5s. — —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. 75 —
m & ct 5.i. — 102' Om C R «?. — 122%
Cal-st Tig ... — — Pac G Im 4s. — —
C C Wat Ss. — 102 P E Ry 53.-109^110%
K L & P «5s.l25 130 P ft C H 6s. - —
F * C H 6s. — — PAOR6P. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 40 90 Powel-jt fs. — 115
H CAS 5%sl01 — S E O&R 5s. — 1M
H C *- S f.s. PS% — SF A SJV.Is. — 120%
Hon R T Ss.lOSValOS S R of C 6s.ll2% —
L A El»c 5s. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. — 111 (1WX0 ....107% -i-
L A L Co 63 — — (1910) ....1CS% —
Do gtd P». — — S P of C 6a
Do gtd 5s. 1O2 — <lfK"..1)S:r A.101%10f{
LAP lem F>s. Oft — (Wf\-i)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-st C 6S.118 — <HWW> ..:.104% —
Do lem 5s. — 117 ! M!>12> — —
NRR of C fslO7Vi — SPC 1 ce 6s. — 11!)
NRC-<rf C 5s — US I Do stmpd.JOS 100
N P C R 6s. — 100 ;S P B R 6s. — 135
N C R 5s... — 113 S V Wat 6s.lO5%l(Wi-i
N C* P C 5s.lOO 101 Do 4s 2dm. — 100 t t
N S R 6s... 100 — Do 4s .Tdm. 99^4 —
O G MI 6*. — — iStkn G&E 6s 9S —
O T Co 6s.'. — 121 U G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 61 S'p V W W. 83% «""»i
Marin Co ... 61 — Sp V W Co. — 42
Port Costa. . . — —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. »% 4%!Sac E G & R. — —
Kquit Gas .. 4', 5% S F G & E.. 67 67%
Mutual E L. 12% 13 18 F Gas 3 —
Pac G Imp.. 52% 53%! Stock G & E 5 —
Pac Lighting 55% — JUG&E....— —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E.. C6% — /
insurance:
Firem's Fnd.325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 127 |L P & A — 1«7%
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust... — 25(>
Bank of Cal. 474 — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.. — — Sav & L Soc. 95 111
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk..40O 5Oi>
Mutual Sav. — .Union TCo.. — —
S F Sav U..S0O 700 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..107%205 [Presidio .... — 41
Geary — -*¦ I
POWDER.
Giant 65 67 /Vigorit — B
SUGAR. A
Hana P Co.. 20c 30c Kilauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian* C. 4.5% 47 Makawell C. 21 22
Honokaa S C lH 13% Onomea S C. 31% 82U
Hutch SPC 11% 12V4 Paauhau S C IS 16%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 155 lf>«%| Oceanic S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As. 94% 97 Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wine As. — 07% I Pac C Borax.167 —
Mornlns Session.
Street —
10 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 46 00
$2000 S V 6s 105 75
Afternoon Session.
Board — »
50 Honokaa Co 1* 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 12 00
40 Makawell 2100
20 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
60 Paauhau S P Co IB 00
5 Pacific Coast Borax 167 00
C5 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 0O
6 Spring Valley Water Works ... 83 5O
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 107 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 25 1 75
Apollo 3l>
Associated Trust Cert 2t> 22
Aztec 80 ....
California Standard 11 12
Caribou 1 00 1 10
Central Point Con C5 ....
Chicago Crude 20
Claremont • 24 40
Esperanza 1 25 1 30
Four 6S 70
Fulton 500 ....
Giant 20
Hanford 143 00
Home 1 20 1 22%
Imperial IS 00
Independence 17 18.
Junction 2O>
Kern ~. 4 75 . 6 25
Kern River 11 0«» 15 00
Lion «i 01
Monarch of Arizona 50 ....
•Monte Cristo ..; <.... 75
Occidental of W Va ' IS ly
Oil City Petroleum 2S 30
Peerless 13 00 14 00
Plttsburg 25
ReeU Crude : 38 41
S F &. McKHtrick 2 73
San Joaquln O & D S50 ....
Senator CS ....
Sovereign 38 4\
Sterling ' 2 73
Superior 0U 07
Thirty-Three , N . 8 00
Toltec I 21
Twenty-Eight 4 <>0 4 40
West Shore 29O 3 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp 1 CO 1 73 •
Alameda Sugar 23 0i>
American Biscuit, S3 00 95 00
American District Te! ; ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....•
Cal Cotton Mtlls 88 00 03 00
Cal Jockey Club ."... 105 00
Cal Shlpplne Co 25 DO
Cal Title Ins and Trust .... 1.10 00 # 14000
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00 .
Chutes Company : S 25 9 50
Cypresu Lawn Imp Co B 25 , ....
Fischer's Theater 2 75 ' ....
Gas Consumers' Assn 225O
Honolulu Sugar 15 00 ' 1H (n>
Northern Cal Power 8 00 » Co
CHICAGO. Oct. .">. — There was only a mod
erate amount of trading and the undertone was
of a decidedly weak nature. The news in tren
eral was extremely bearish, foreign markets,
being lower on laiger world's shipments than
had been expected and on th4 flood of Rus
sian and Danubian wheat which is being
thrown upon the European markets. These, in
fluences, along with the increased receipts in
the Northwest, caused weakness in this market
at the ptart. December opening Hi&%c to %?/>
S.C lower at 76% 1 877c The break at St. Louis
was another factor in discouraging holders, and
more particularly in discouraging any active
support of thei market. There was heavy sell
ing during the openinsr hour by St. Louis
houtes and prices gradually declined. Decem
ber selling off to 76%c before the. noon hour.
A somewhat better tone developed on a partial
recovery at St. Louis, but the liberal Increase
in the visible supply, amounting to 2,460,000
bushels, with renewed weakness in .the South
west, caused a decline and December closed
%<5!sc lower at 76%c.
Corn was weak nt the opening on favorable
weather, lower cables and the decline in
wheat. December closed %c lower at 44%c.
Oats were weak in sympathy with wheat and
corn. December closed with a loss of a ehade
at 3.1 %c.
Provisions were rjuiet and prices showed lit
tle change throughout the session. January
pork and ribs closed unchanged and January
lard was 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Business on the local exchanges continued
very quiet and the only fluctuation worthy of
note was an advance in Gas and Electric to
$67 in the afternoon.
Ex-dividend yesterday: The Chutes Company,
regular monthly, 5c per share, amounting try
$3000; Pacific Lighting Company, regular
monthly. ?,5c per share, amounting to $14,000;
Onomea Sugar Company, regular monthly, 40c
per share, amounting to $2O,C0O.
Kern Canyon Oil Company, Kern River field,
has levied assessment No. 7 of 2%c per share
on the capital stock of the company, to become
delinquent October 14.
Formosa Oil and Development Company has
levied an assessment of 2 c*nts per share on
the capital stock to become delinquent No
vember 14.
North Shore Railroad 9 00 ....
Orpheum Company 15 25 ....
Pacific States Tel & Tel 113 00
Paraf fine Paint 33 0O ....
San Francisco Drydock 47 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction "Works 2 73
SausalUo Land and Ferry.. 18ft) '
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric IS 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 00
Truckee Electric 15 00
Union Susax 22 50 ....
United Gas and Electric 34 6O ....
SALES.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
700 Monte Cristo OU T5
Street—
500 Home Oil 125
300 Monte Cristo OU 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
40O Four CXI 69
100O Independence Oil IT
100 Home Oil. 3 30 120
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on ihe San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
POO Andes 23 10O Mexican 115
BOO Chollar 27 600 Potosl 2!>
400 Con Cal & Va.l 45 1w Sierra Nevaiu. '"I
10O Crown Point... 21 200 Utah 13
BOO Kentuck 0.1100 Yellow Jacket. 49
Afternoon Session.
200 Gould & Cur.. 25,100 Overman 23
f.OO Justice OS 2' 'O Sierra Nevada, fcl
F00 IC-ni uck fie ROO Silver Hill fi«
COO Keyes Graesslr 7*100 Ltah 23
COO Mexican 1 15!
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Paciflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
3ftf> Alpha Con.. 07 SCO Potosl 28
MO Andes 2:5 500 Potosl 30
2C0 Caledonia . .1 05 1100 Savage .... 3D
400 thai Con... £? COO Sierra Ne*. «2
100 C C & Va..l 42% ::oo Sierra Nev. 61
12CO Crown Point 21 i 2(X) Sierra Nev. «W>
300 Exchequer . 14 J10O Silver Hill. . KO
2<*> Gould & Cur 2." 500 Union Con.. 72
300 Gould & Cur 24 "0O Utah Zl
2uO Hale & Ncrc 83 200 Yellow Jack *»
100 Mexican ...1 12%
Afternoon Session.
ICO Andes '£i 100 Occidental . 23
.100 Caledonia .. 9S 20O Ophir 1 6O
600 Chollar *5" 300 Potosl 29
20O C C & Va..l 42% 2^n Savage 20
30O Gould & Cur 25 20O Sierra N<»v. «1
liXK) Julia 07 H"> Silver Hill.. 59
" 20O Mexican ...1 13 10ft Sliver Hill.. 69
10O Occidental . 2* 200 Union Con.. Ti
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Th" following were the irnitm on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mlnins Exchange yes
terday:
Morning S>Mion.
ir>00 Esperanza ... UH 10O Ton & Cal... 23
400.0 Esperanza ... 02 2tK) Ton N Star... 37
100 Giray Queen.. 25 100 Ton N Star... 3rt
400 MacNamara . 1» 100 Ton N Star... S3
1OO Montana Ton. 9^f lfiSO Ton N Star... 31
100 New York Ton 0a[_«0<> Ton N Star... 21
1000 Rescue ler
Afternoon Session.
10O0 Esperanza ... 03 500 Pine Grore... 7«
100 Montana Ton. J»» 100 Pine Grove... 17
100 Montana Ton. f>.V 400 Rescue 1O
100 New York Tn 01 ICO Ton & Cal.... 20
100 Pine Grove... 70 1200 Ton N Star... »."«
100 Pine Grove... 71i 10O Ton N Star... 36
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Oct. 5— « p. m.
KM A?k.' BId.Asv.
Alpha 0« nr7|Justie# 07 f»
Aita 04 (Ml Kentuck .... 02 03
Andes 22 2^Keyes Graess. 79 —
Belcher 24 2tf Lady Wash . . 03 04
Best & Belch. 1 40 1 5." Mexican 1 10 1 IS
Bullion ft* 10 Occidental ..27 2S
Caledonia ... 97 1 CO Ophlr 1 60 1 K>
Challenge Con 3t SHjOverman .... 22 Tt
Chollar 27 2S l Potosl 28 29
Confidence ... 75 SOi Savage 28 30
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 4.V Scorpion .... 02 0.1
Con Imperial. 03 04 Seg Beicher. . 0« 07
Con N Y 1« 18|Plerra Nev... «O 62
Crown" Point. 21 22 Silver Hill ..BO «H>
Eureka Con.. 40 50 St Louis .... 11 —
Exchequer .. 14 16 Syndicate ... (H W
Gould & Cur. 24 2*>U:nlon Con ..70 Ti
Hale & Nt. m KJiUtah 21 23
Julia 00 07 Yellow Jack.. 47 5U
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
rolehan — 19 ! Pine Grove .. 75 —
E^peranza ... 02 03;Rescue 08 1©
Gold Mount.. — Otf'Belmont 1 0O 1 3.1
Hannapah ... — 15,Ton & Cal... 15 2.-?
Lucky Tom .. — .... — «0
MacNamara . 15 17 Nevada Ton.. — 7 00
Mizpah *> 35 North Star ..35 38
Montana .... Of. W61 Midway . . ... 40 43
New York .. — i>4| United Ton.. 1© tm
Paymaster .. — HI
STOCK MARKET.
shortage r>f the totsj continental crop as com
j.^red with iatt rear is lnS.t'fKf cnt. The lo
cal market was f.nri; a small trade was made
between dealer* cf choice 190C Pacific? et 25~.
A limited lusinfss was transacted with brew
ers." .
. Latest rr.all rer>ort* from New York ray of
the Hop situation:
"Telegraphic advices r*-e:ve4 from the coast
reported active markets in Oregon and Califor
nia, dealers being free buyers and they paid full
prices. Within the r*Ft few days a_bout 30<i0
b&lea of Oregrrc* heve b*ea fold at 2>c for me
dium up to 2J>c tor choice grades. The market
for* choice Sor.orr.as wjf firm at. 2.*>S2r>%c. end
•ales thus far of the 1903 crop are placed at
ebout 7000 to POOQ tales, and the sales or 19<"C
Sucr&mentcs to cate are estimated at about
6000 bales. A sal* was reixirted made r>n**!at
urtfay of about loOO bales other grades CaJlfor
clas at. 24c. Letf-st estimates of the coast crop
hax'e been modified somewhat. California, being
placed at 47.000 baJeg, Ore-ron at 80.000 bales
and -Wa«hinrtcn at 85.000 b£l»s. or a total or
162.000 baies. ersinst recent estimates of 16.V*">0
to 170.000 bales. The market for State hops
continued firm. There was a fair inquiry tot
choice rrades at S0531e. and it wa* stated that
there were indication* that the princiral Ea
rlisb buyer had begun to show interest in the
market, a r*r>ort beir.B current that he pur
chased one lot at the clofe of last week at 31c.
Growers in many inf-tane** were holding- for
hifrher price* end this had a tendency to check
business. English cable advWs reported firm
markets for common and choice grades, and
there vai a disposition shown to reduce esti
mate* of the yield cf the English crop, several
'cables b*in« received rl^cing the crop at 400.000
cut. Belgium, it was reported, has l&rterly
t*M?n a fair buyer In the Dnjrlish markets of the
low m&e. molfl-^.amaccd 1903 Er.plish hops.
Latest advices received from Germany report
the ir.arket hoiflire ftesdy at the r»cent rear
.rion in Trices. The Nureraburff Hcpfen Zt\
•unc, Jusr at hand by mail, estimates that the
The Situation in Hops.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lO7 L & N unit 4s.. 9SH
Do coup 107 Manhat con g 4s. 9U%
Do 3s resr 108 Mexican Cen 4s.. 70
Do coup 1<>S% Do 1st inc 14
Do new ir reg.135 Minn & St L 4s.. 9t!%
I*> couy 133 M K & T 4s 07%
Do old 4s wg.lll Do 2ds 77^i
Do coup Ill N H R Mex c 4s. 75
Do is res 102% N Y On -n 3%s. 90%
Do coup. 102% JN J Cen pen .'g.128',4
Atcnlflon gen 4s.. 9SViJNorthern Pac 4s.luO%
Do adjust 4s . . M0 Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C I. 4s. 00 Norf & W con 4s. 04%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 09% Or S H 4s & part. 88%
Do 3%s 93 Per.n conv 3%s.. «5Vi
Central of C-5 5s 105 Reading gen 4s.. »5%
Do let inc OS st L&I M con 5s.lO!>%
Ches & Ohio 4%8.101% St L & S F f«? 4s. 81
Chi & Alton 3',is. 73 St L S W lsts... 94%
C B & Q new 4s. 91% Seaboard A L 4s. 70
C M&StP etn te.104% Southern Pnc 4s. 80%
C * N W cen 7s.l31»i Southern Ry 5s.. 112%
C R 1 & P 4s... 70% Texas & Pac lsts.114%
Do co: 6« 74% Tol St L & W 4s. «jK%
crc&stL cen 4s. 96% Union Pacific 4s. 100
rhl Term 4s 73% Do conv 4s.... 93%
Con Tobacco 4e.. !»:{% U S Steel ?d 5s.. 71%'
Col & South 4s.. 83% Wabash lsts 113*;.
Denver & it G 4s. o»% Do deb ii 54
Erie prior lien 4s. tt»»U W & L Erie 4s.. 84
Do ren 4» 83 WIscon Cen 4s... 89U
Ft W & D C lsts.103 C F & I conv 5s. 70
Hot king Val 4%s.lO4%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — IWestinghse com.. 72 .
Call loans 3 @4 Mining-
Time loans 6%©6 Adventure 3%
Bonds — Allouez 4( 4
Atchison 4s"..... 97% Amalgamated ... 41
Railroads— Daly West 39
Atchizon fi3>i Bingham 21%
Do r>fd 88 Calumet & Hecla.430
Boston & Albany. 246 Centennial 16%
Boston & Maine. 166 Copper Range... 49
Boston Elerated.. 136% Dominion CoaJ... 70>i
NY N H A H..194 Ftanklin 7
Fltchburg ofd ..135 Isle Royale 6%
Union Pacific ... 70% Mohawk 39%
Mexican Cen .... 10% Old Dominion .. 6%
Miscellaneous— Osceola ... ..... 51
American Sugar. .Ill Vai Parrot 17%
Do pfd 117 Qulncy 85
Amer Tel it Tel. 127% Tamarack ... S3
Dora I & Pteel... 10% Trinity ... 5%
General Electric. 146 United States ... 17%
Masir Electric ... 20 Utah ... 24%
Do pfd 77% Victoria 3
United Fruit ... 95 WInona 7
U S Steel 17% Wolverine 63 .
Do pfd 63%i
Total sales 3SS.TO0
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— United Railroads of
Pan Francisco bend transactions: 15,000 at
77 Vi. •
Sales. Hish. Low. Close.
Atchison 33,200 tt4 63 63%
Atchison pfd 600 88<,i f*5% 8P%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 16,100 75% 73'4 74%
Baltimore & O pfd.. 300 S7 86*4 86
Canadian Pacific... »OO 120% 120 % 120%
Central of N J 150
Chesapeake &. Ohio. 1,100 30»i 29% 29%
Chicago & Alton ... 700 22% 21% 21%
Chicago & A pfd .. 200 Cl% 61% 61H
Chicago & G W .. 800 15% 15 15%
Chi & G W B rM 27%
Chicago & N W .. 400 157% 157% lf>rt%
<"*hicag;o T & Trans 100 10 10 fi%
Chica T & T pfd 17%
C C C & St Louis «»%
Colo Southern 2**) 12% 12% 12'*
Colo So 1st nfd .. 200 60% 60% 49%
Colo So 2d pfd 100 20% 2"% 20%
Delaware & Hudson fiOO 155 1 * 154 153
Delaware. LAW 233
Denver & R G 1W 20% 20% 20
Penver & R G pfd. 40O 71 70 70
Erie 4S.5OO 2«% 27 27Vi
Eri<? 1st pfd 2.200 €6% 65% 65%
Erie 2d pfd 1.100 4S.% 47% 47%
Great Northern pfd 160
Hocking Valley • 68%
Hocking Valley pfd. 200 79 79 78
Illinois Central 60O 130% 129% 129%
Iowa Central 100 19 19 18%
Iowa Central pfd « 35
Kansas City So 20
Kansas City So pfd. 100 35*,, 35 T^ 35Vi
Louisville & Nash... 3,700 9S% 97% 97%
Manhattan L lfX> 131% 180% 130%
Metropolitan Pt Ry. 3,900 107% 105 105
Minneapolis & St L 46
Missouri Pacific ... 10.700 SS'« f>$% SS%
Missouri. K & T... 100 17% 17% 17%
Mo. K & T pfd .. 7OO 36% .°>5' a 35%
Nationl of Mex pfd. 2<V> 37 37 36%
N Y Central • 700 117 llfii; 116%
Norfolk & Western. 2,000 68 57% 68
Norfolk & W pfd 89
Ontario 4- Western. 90O 21 V» 20% 20%
Pennsylvania 41,500 119 117% 11R%
PittEburir.CCA St L 60%
Reading 21.7<V> 4Si; 47 47»4
Reading 1st pfd 6<X» 75% 75% 75%
Keadirig 2d pfd 61
Rock Island Co 6.20O 2.">% 24% 24%
Rock Island Co pfd. .MX) 63% 6S% ."m*
St Louis & S Fran P3
Pt L & S F 1st pfd 60
St L *¦ S F 2d pfd 46
ft Louis S W l3Ri
Pt Louis S W pfd.. ..... " 31
Ct Paul 2S.200 1S7% 136 136
Pt Paul pfd 170
Southern Pacific .. 9,000 42% 4l»i 41%
fnuthem Railway .. 3,«(X> 19% 18% 18%
Southern Ry pfd... .100 77^ 70% 76
Texas: & Pacific .... 4<>0 23% 23% 23%
Tol. St L & W.... too 17% 17% 17
Tol. Ft L & W pfd 24t,
I'nicn Pacific 25.600 71 % 70 704
Union Pacific pfd ... £41,
Wabash 1.70O 191^ isu 13^
Webash pM 3.000 31% 301^ 30%
Wheel & Lake Erie. 100 14% 14% 15
Wisconsin Central . If") 1«% 1<i% IC%
WIsOntpfd 100 36% r,6% SCVj
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American J75
l'r.;ted States 1OO
Wells-Kargo 50O 200% 200 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 20.600 47% 40% 407^
Am far A F 1.20ft 2t>% 25% 2.">%
Am Car & F nfd 75%
Am Lir.seed Oil 7U
Am Linseed Oil pfd 2S
Am Locomotive 200 15% 15% 15%
Am Locomotive pfd l.Wrt RO% so sou.
Arr. S & Refng 1.000 42% 42^ 42*
Am B & Uofng 11M 3fV) K8 87 . 87
Am fiusar Refng.. l.KC.) 111% 110% H»U
Ann. Mining Co 200 71 71 70%
J'.klyn Rapid Tran. S.300 34% 33^4 3't><,
Colo Fuel & Iron 40
Col & Hock Coal 12
Consolidated Gas 171
General Electric .. 200 149% 147% 147
Inter Paper 11
Inter Paper pfd .. 300 03 <il% 01%
Inttr l*ump 33%
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Riscult 3C%
National Lead 7OO 14 1.1% 13%
North American .. HX> 73 73 7.1
Pacific Mail 500 10% 1» 10%
People's Cias W» !l2 ! i 91 Vi 91%
Pressed S Car 300 34% :« 34
Preyed S Car pfd. 100 77 77 77
Pullman Pal Car 210
Republic Steel 600 f»% ft% 9>i
Republic PteW pfd. »O0 K{ m »4 «1 %
Rubber Goods 400 15 14% 15
P.ubber Goods pfd - fi7%
Tern Coal & Iron. 700 34 32% 32%
IT S Leather 3,0fK) '% ~v t 7^
U S Leather pfd... 5,000 77% 7G% 7<i'<.
I.' S Rubber 10
I' S Rubber Dfd 37
I- S Steel .11. COO IS l'J% 17%
V S Steel pfd 29.2O0 04% Ci^ kj%
West*™ Union 400 S2 $1 % gl %
NEW YORK STOCK LIST,
advance in prices. There was some slight
recovery at different times, but the demand
was nothing more than short covering and the
closing was heavy and nearly stagnant.
Most of the ti*culative bonds were weak,
but some of the higher grade issues were
bought In rrfbdetate amounts. Total sales,
par value. $2,223,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. -
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 82%
Sterling Exchange, Right — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 ai'j
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ]o
Sliver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 47 4a'
Exchange and Bullion.
Flour, qr sks... 26.387 Wool, bales C27
Wheat, ctls 7.810 Broomcorn. bdls 140
Barley, ctls 34.033 Screenings, sks. 2O>
Beans, sks 7.420 Tallow, ctls 331
Corn, ctls 2,0<X> Pelts. No S1O
Rye. ctls 525 Hides. No 405
Potatoes, sks... l.SfiO Raisins, bxs.... 6.600
Onions, sks 1. U0 Quicksilver, (Iks. 1.0JW
Bran, sks 2.300 Leather, rolls... 04
Feed, sks 22 Wine, gals 73.000
Middlings, sks.. 245!Brandy. gals... 1.500
Hay. tons l,lf>r Sugar, ctls 2.5OO
Hops, bales 4911
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks... 220/
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 8.434|Flaxseed, sks... 1.140
Wheat, ctls S40|
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 5.
Receipts of Produce.
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 09V
OATS — There were large receipts from the
lower coast yesterday. The market was easy
and quiet, but no lower.
White. $1 2CKtfl 32%; Black. $1 40@l 60;
Red. $1 20<gl 25 for feed and ?1 2501 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 22M,(fTl 27% per ctl.
CORN— Some 20<"t0 ctls came in from the
Weft. The market continues quiet and un
changed.
Western, racked. $1 42% for Yellow. $1 42%
for White and $1 40 for mixed; California
large Yellow. $1 4501 50; small round do.
$1 70S1 75; White. $1 50 per ctl.
RYE — $1 25©1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25<g2 .10 per ctl.
FUTURES. 0
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 10 $1 10 ' $1 COU $1 001,
Feed. ?1 CS^-gi 1U4 : Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 17%@1 22%; Chevalier. $1 20@l 50 for
fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY
Open. High. Low. Cloee.
December ..?1 37"»i $1 37U ?1 H7li Ji 37* H
BARLEY — The market runs along about the
Fame, day after dny, and if it eases off a
fraction or so to-day It generally recovers to
morrow, nnd for a long time has not got very
far away from the present quotations. It
was fractionally lower yesterday, with heavy
receipts from the lower coast. Futures were
also lower.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 3S $1 3S% $1 37% $1 :<-3^
May 1 38 1 88 1-3$ 1 3S
2 p. m. Session.
California Club. $1 42%gl 45; California
White Australian. $1 52Va®l 55; Northern
Club. $1 42%if?l 45; Northern Blue Stem,
$1 62%©1 55; Oregon Valley, $1 45 per ctl.
CASH WHEAT,
WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris futures were
both lower. The world's shipments for the
week were a« follows, in quarters: Russian,
628,000; Danubian. 118.000; Argentine, 2000;
Indian. 80,000. Broomhall ! cabled that the
Liverpool market was depressed by large Rus
sian offerings.
The American visible supply Increased 2.
250.000 bushels. Chicago was quiet and %c
lower. The export demand was Insignificant.
There was a better cash demand in the North
west.
In this market futures were lower, but the
cash grain wa« unchanged. The feature of
the market was the clearing of a cargo for
Europe. It is the first full cargo to be clear
ed for Europe this crop year, and shows the
HfeleEsness of the export movement from this
port this year. Of course it is understood
that along In the closing weeks of the last
crop year the Wheat was not here to export.
Wheat and Other Grains.
f fc New York arivtcrs report a very gc-od de
j rnand for Raisins at the opening prices, though
! the brokers there have unsettled the market
by cutting commissions and giving buyers re
bates. Fruits are in demand and firm every
•' where, with Prunes still the leading descrip-
I tion.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 7f 0%c for Royals
' and 9@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
i 6(S6e; sunilried, 3Vi©4c; Peaches. 5V»@7c;
Pears. tJ@Uc; Nectarines, 4&5%c; Figs, white.
4%@4%C in boxes; Plums, pitted, CtiSc per lb.
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2"-i'33V»c for the four
sizes.
I RAISINS— Following are opening prices free
on board to common shipping points: Imperial
clustrrs. $3 per 2'J-lb box: Dehesa clusters,
i $2 50: fancy clusters, $2; 3-crown London Lay
i ers. $1 55; 2-crown London Layers, $1 45; 4
j crown standard loose Muscatels, »i%@7c per
I lb; 3-crown standard loose Muscatels. 6Vi@
j 6%c; 2-crown standard Muscatals, 6@6V 4 c;
¦ Seedless Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Muscatels,
i floated, 5V4c; Seedless standard Sultanas. 5c;
: Thompson Seedless standard, Cc. The follow
' Ing quotations on seeded are for a limited
I quantity only: Fancy, 16 ounces per lb, 7%c;
' fancy, 12 ounces per package, 6%c; choice, 16
ounces per lb, 7%c; choice, 12 ounces per pack
age, 6Vic; fancy, bulk, per lb, IVjS; choice,
bulk, per lb. 7^4c. ¦
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%c; No.
2, 10>4c; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds, lie for Nonparlels. li»%c for I X L.
10%c for Ne Plus Ultras and S%c for Langue
i doc; Peanuts. t"S»7c for Eastern; Pecans, lljj
; 13c- Cocoanuts, v$4 60®5.
HONEY — Comb, new. 12«4@13%c for white
and 9211c for amber; new water whtte ex
tracted 5%®6%c; light amber extracted, 6c;
dark, 3%(6H<;C.
BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
any advance in prices. Muscat in large boxes
were in rather light receipt and cleaned up
better than the other varieties, which were
abundant. Receipts of Wine Grapes were
heavy over Sunday, and prices of the black
varieties declined sharply under a slack de
mand. There were over ten cars on the track
unsold at the end of th« day. Fanoy Apples
continued to move freely, and fine Pears, too,
were In good request* at steady rates. Some
fancy Peaches from the mountain districts
were offering at We per box, but the general
run of offerings sold within the. quoted range.
Figs in ordinary packages were plentiful and
sold at previous prices, while choice stock in
large boxes from Oroville met with quick sale
at $1 per box. The other fruits showed but
slljrht variation. .
Receipts of Strawberries and Raspberries
were ample and Included much poor and soft
stock, which went to canners and peddlers at
the minimum quotations. Cranberries moved
Klowly and Cape Cod were quoted lower. Some
extra large boxes of Oregon stock were re
ceived and were offering at $4 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIKS«-$4S(i per chest for Long
worths and $1 50rg"4 for the ljtf-ge varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $3 fiO©5 per chest.
HUCKLEl'JERKItS— CUSc per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $8 50@3 per
bbl; Coos Bay, $2 50Q3 per box.
APPLES — !?1&1 25 per box for fancy, 60^
S5c for eooU to choice and 25<gi40c lor com
mon.
PKARS— Bartletts, Jl@l 50; winter va-i*
ties. 50@75c per bcx for common and $1®1 25
for Winter Nellis.
QUINCKS— ::5(i'o0c per box.
FIGS— Black, 50f75(i for double layers, 2o@
05c for drawers arjl for large t*>xe9
from the river; White. 3.-iig50c per box.
PRUNES — 5CVg75c per box or crate.
PEACHES — Freestones. 35^.V»c tor small
boxes and 4<>:gr>0c for open boxes; Clingstones,
75c for large open boxes.
POMEGRANATES— 604j»76c for small box'?*
and $1 ."(^2 for large.
GRAPES— Seedles3, fl per box; Isabella, 40
(SWic per crate; CornUhon, SOigt'iOc per crate;
other varieties. 30<??4<'c for small boxes: 40^
65c for crates and 5i>gSric for large open boxes;
Wine Grapes. $lS<?j2.'l per ton for Zinfandel,
?16iff20 for Mission and $15 for White.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, $1 25^2 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons, 40@7rio pfr box. with some
fancy up to $1: Watermelons, li^SOc each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Or&nges. $2 50<g3 for fan
cy Valencia*. *2'52 50 for choice and $181 W
for >tandaid; £?2dllngs, $1®1 25; Lemons. $1&
3 per bcx; Grape Fruit, $2^2 50; Mexican
Limes $4 50<35; Bananas. $1 25®2 per bunch;
1'lneapples, t^i&a p-.r d^zen^
The fruit market was liberally supplied and
rather dull, with nearly all descriptions sell-
Ing at previous prices. Grapes ruled weak for
both wine and table varieties, the demand be
ing light, fresh receipts heavy and the carry
over from Saturday large. There was some
little Inquiry for choice crate Foods for ahip
mtnt to Portland, but not enough to permit
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
quiet for spot, with futures easier. Common,
4©5c: prime, 6K®5&<£ choice, 6$?6%e, and
fancy, 6*i^7 1 af.
PRUNES attract a fair jobbing demand and
rule steady at from 3%©7c for all grades.
APRICOTS are firm. Choice are quoted at
9\i®f>Y>c; extra choice, 9*i@10%c; fancy. 10@
12 He.
PEACHES show no important feature, be
ing quiet at "ii@7«4c for choice.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Oct. 5. — FLOUR— Receipts, 34,
4?9; sales, 12,000 bushels; shade lower. Min
nesota patents, $3 40®3 50; bakers, $3 85@
3 P5.
WHEAT— Receipts, 237,100 bushels; exports,
75,222 bushels. Spot weak. No. 2 red. 83Vic
elevator (expert) and S2Uc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 8S^c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. 90%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
gave way sharply this morning under liquida
tion Induced by weakness abroad, heavy Rus
sian shipments, predictions for a large visible
supply increase and weakness at St. Louis.
Bear pressure continued all day and the mar
ket closed weak at lc net decline. May.
82 S-ldSiSSKc. closed S2V4c; December, 83 1-lC
@S3 S-lCc. closed S3 Uc ,
HO1-S — Steady. Pacific 1903 crop, medium to
choice, 2Stf3. - fo; 1902 crop, common to choice,
21f26M.R; old, 10<gl3c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFKB — Spot Rio firm. No. 7 invoice,
B%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7®llc. Coffee fu
tures closed barely steady. 2O to 25 points
lower. Total sales were 27,750 bags, including:
October, 4.60c; November, 4.60c; December,
4.SO@4.P0c; January, 4.85@4.95c; March, 6.10@
5.15c; May. 6.2005.30c; July. 5.35@5.45c,
SUGAR— Raw quiet. Centrifugal, 96 t?st,
3Tic. Molasses sugar, 3%c. Refined quiet.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TACOMA. Oct. 5.— WHEAT — Unchanged.
Blueetem, 78c; Club, 77c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 5.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 73c; Bluestem, 7"c; Valley, 76@77c.
WASHINGTON.
Northern, Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. Oct. 6.— Clearings, $813,323; bal
ances. $197,541.
TACOMA, Oct. 6. — Clearings, $394,528; bal
ances, $53,227.
PORTLAND. Oct. 5. — Clearings, $911,852;
balances, $09,193.
SPOKANE, Oct. 5.— Clearings, $527,184; bal
ances, $45,028.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The cotton market
cloeed* easy at practically the lowest point of
the day. or at a net loss of 21@28 points.
New- York Cohon Market.
New York Stocks a point or so lozver again.
Local Stocks and Bonds neglected.
No material change in Exchange or Silver.
Wheat and Barley futures somewhat lozver.
..Oats and Corn coming in freely from different sources.
Hoy firm at last week's advance, and Feedstuff s also strong.
. Beans weak and quiet, with liberal arrivals.
Butter in good supply and freely offered.
Market still overburdened with cheap Cheese.
Fresh domestic Eggs still higher under decreased receipts.
Good demand for Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Ijjrd lower and fine Bacon higher.
Hops very firm, with a diminished output.
¦No diangc in Cattle, Sheep or Hogs.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still in large supply.
" Three cars of Western Poultry on the market.
Fresh Fruit in liberal supply and dull.
Consols, money. 88 11-16 N Y Central 121
Do acct 88 13-ltt Nor &. West 69%
Anaconda S% Do prefd 00%
Atchlson 65% Ontario & West.. 21%
Do prefd 01 Pennsylvania .... 61 V t
Balto & Ohio ... 70% Rand Mines 8%
Canadian Pacific. .123% Reading 24%
Ches & Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd ... 89
Chicago G W 1CU Do 2d pfd 32
Chi Mil & St P..141% Southern Ry 19%
DeBeers 19\i; Do prefd 79%
Denver & R O. . 21% Southern Pacific 43\i
Do prefd 72 i Union Pacific ... 72%
Erie 28%! l>o pr«fd 88
Do 1st pfd C8ViiU S Steel 18V4
Do 2d pfd 60 ! Do prefd 66%
Illinois Central ..134% Wabash 19%
Louis & Nash ...101 I Do prefd 82Vi
Mo Kan & T 18V*I
Bar silver, dull. 27 7-16d per ounce. Money.
2@2% per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills Is 3% per cent, and
for three months' bills 3% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Adams Con 14 Little Chief 00
Alice 20 Ontario ¦* B0
Breece 10 Ophlr 1 50
l>runaw1ck Con., ot) Phoenix 07
Comstock Tun . . 06% Potosl 25
Con Cal & Va...l 30 Savage 23
Horn Silver ....1 00 Sierra Nevada.. .1 65
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con .. 02 Standard 1 75
NEW YORK MININO STOCKS.
St. Louis Wool Market.
BT. LOUIS. Oct. 6.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades combing, lSSlOc; heavy, 14%c;
tub washed, 20@30c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5.— The visible surly or
grain Satuprday, October 3. as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows:
Wheat — 10,480,000 bushels; Increase, $2,243,
000 bushels.
Corn — 0,000.000 bushels: Increase. 64.000
bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
COAL OIL— Water "White Coal Oil In bnlk.
14%c; Pearl Oil in cases. 21c; Astral. 21c;
Star, 21c: Extra Star, 25c; Elaine, 27c; Eocene,
24c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 17c;
in cases. 23>4c; Benzine, In bulk. 13c; In cases.
10%c; S6-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; In
cases, 27 He
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
74c in drums and Iron barrel*.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6*4©
7c per lb: White Lead. tf%@7c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The .Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.S5c;
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. B.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.60c: Fruit Granulated, 0.60c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.45c: Confectioners' A,
5.60c; Magnolia A, 6.20c; Extra C, 5.10c; Gold
en C. 5c: "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; bcxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
B.lOc; boxes, 6.35c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
BAGS — Grain Bags. JKffBHc; San Qnentin,
8.55c; Wool Bags. 32635c; Fleece Twine. 7%
68c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6%c. fl%c and 7Vi"!
for the three grades; Brown Jute. CUgT^c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $6 SO; Bryant $8 CO; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lamp. $1150; Cancel, $S60 per ton;
Coke. $11 5o<@13 per ton in balk and $13 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $3 45 per
2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
OIL — Linsftd, 43c for boiled and 1 7c for raw
in barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c; fiakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 95c:
China Nut. 65@70c per gallon; pure Neatafoot.
In barrels, 75c; cases, 60c; Sperm, pure, 73c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 60© 55c per gallon;
Fish Oil. In barrels, 45c; cases, 50c; Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels, &Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Aus
tralian.
General Merchandise.
$17; No. 2 foundry, Northern, No. 1 foundry,
Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft,
at $ltt.
The situation in Cheese remains precisely as
before. Eggs are a point higher again, with
a marked falling off in the receipts of choice
ranch. The advance in fresh good* enables
holders of cold storage stock to obtain higher
prices for these goods.
Tho situation in Butter Is unsatisfactory to
the houses which are well supplied with Cali
fornia creamery. The Eastern markets are.
declining and a3 stocks of Eastern here are,
large and continually being added to by daily
arrivals and the retailers are running on the
Eastern to the neglect of the California goods,
the latter are becoming demoralized. Large
handlers see no other way to work off their
stocks than to offer their holdings down to
tho Eastern basis, and cards are accordingly
being sent out making cuts of from lc to 2o
from the quotations ruling at the close of last
week. The Elgin quotations came through lo
lower again yesterday.
Receipts were 62,b00 lbs Butter, 270 cases
Eggs and H200 lbs Cheese.
P.UTTER— Creamery, 27© 20c for extras and
26c for seconds; dairy, 21«J24c; store Butter,
17^<gi9c; cold storage, 24@U5c; Eastern, T2&
CilKEisE — 13c for special mild new, 12@12%c
for the general run and lliyil}4c for lower
grades. Young Amertcji, 13&14c; Eastern, 15©
ltio; Western. 14(tjir>c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 30<&'4Uc for large white se
lected and oo(§38c for fair to choice; store,
25Q27V4c; cold storage, 25<i/25c; Eastern, 21®
27 VjC l^er dozen. t
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2;
Duck*. $5®6 per dozen for old and $G@6 50 for
young; Hens, $5@6 for large and $4 50@5 50
for small: young- Roosters, $4 50<85 50: old
Roosters, $4 5<X35; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $3
@3 75 for large and $2 50^3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25@1 60 per dozen for old and $1 0OQ2 far
Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 75 per dozen for Cotton
tall, $125 for brush; Hare, $1®1 25 per
dozen; Wild Doves, $1 25 per dozen; English
Enlpe. per dozen. *
THE gAN FBAK CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1903.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 27,
000, including &000 Texans. Western, steady;
good to prime steers, $5 25@0; poor to medium,
t3 50^4 80; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 15;
cows $1 40@4 25; heifers, $2<g>4 75; canners,
$1 4O@2 50; bulls, $2(@'4 50; calves. $3 5O8>7 40;
Texas fed steers, J2 75@3 75; .Western steers,
$3 Si 4 60.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 22,000; to-morrow,
20 000. Slow, steady. Mixed and butchers,
$5 r,5!ff<l 45; good to choice heavy, $5 (iTtiQii 15;
rough heavy, $5 25<fl5 CO; light, $5 S0@li 50;
bulk of Bales. *5 C0@0.
SHEEP — Receipts, 40,000. Sheep, steady to
lower; lambs, steady to lower. Good to choice
wethers, $3 3004 25; fair to choice mixed, $2 25
03 25; Western sheep, $2 25@4; native lambs,
S3 50415 70" Western lambs. 54 40@5 50.
* ST. JOSEPH. ,....
ST JOSEPH. Oct. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4.300.' Steady. Natives. $3 7o©5 40;. cows and
heifers, $1 &0@4 90; atockers and feeders, $2 75
at 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 1100. Steady to 5c higher.
Light. $6<gO 10; medium and heavy, $5 45@« 05.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2500. Steady to 10c
higher. Wyoming lambs, $5; Idaho wethers,
J3 75; Utah ewes, $3 25.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Tin was higher both
In New York and In London. Spot advanced
£1 5s to £120 10s in the latter market, while
futures were £1 6s Cd higher at £117. The
local market was firmer at $26 50@27, with
seventy-five tons of October eold at between
$26 50^26 62 V4.
Copper declined 2s Cd to £54 17s Cd for spot
in London, but futures there were unchanged
at £55 2s »>d, and the local market also con
tinued at the recent level. Lake and electro
lytic are quoted at $13@13 25 and casting at
$13.
Lead advanced Is 3d to £11 Is 3d In Lon
don, but remained unchanged, at New York at
$4 50. '
Spelter was unchanged at New York at $6,
but declined 2s 6d to £20 12s Od in London.
Iron closed at 50s Id In Glasgow and at
43* 10>4d In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was
quiet. No. 1 foundry, Northern, Is quoted at
1 40 per ctl. ' '
ONJONS —. r >0<fI65c per ctl. •
VEGETABLES—Green Peas, 2@3c ¦ per lb:
String Ueans, 2*12 V&c per lb; "Wax, L'ft2Hc;
Lima Beam. 2@3c per lb: Tomatoes. 2r>'S50e
per box- Summer Squash, 35@40c per box; Cab.
base, liOc l>< r ctl; Carrots, "inc pt-r »ack: cu-
cumbers 35®40c per box; Pickle Cucumbers,
3©:tVsc for No. 1 and WZ'Ac per lb for others;
Garlic, 2@:ic per lb: Green Peppers, 30@40c per
box.for Chile and 40®50c for Bell: Green Okra,
35@&0o per box; EgS Plant. 30050c per boxJ
Marrowfat Squash. $10@12 per ton.
—
PotlltrV and Game
j. uuui _> u«i* «_ru//jc.
¦¦ _j ¦« ¦< ,
Three cars of Western Poultry, including
one that came in on Saturday, were on sale
and met with a fair demand. The demand for
local stock was light, but as . receipts were
likewise, prices were unchanged. Receipts of
Game were liberal, and consisted chiefly of
Hare, which were quoted lower. Rabbits and
Doves were in small supply and steady at
previous prices.
POULTRY—Young Turkeys, 20@22c per lb;
All Drices remain as before, with a feature
)ess market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF—0@7c for Steers and 5Sti%c per lb
for Cows. '
VEAL —Larze, 6%©Sc: .small, etrlOc pet
pound.
MUTTON —Wethers, 7%®Sc; Ewes, 7@7V>«
per pound. '
LAMB— 9@10c per pound.
PORK—Dressed Hogs. S^fftHie per pound.
i LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for gcod. sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE —Steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7fc8«f thin Cows, 4ig5c per pound,
CALVES —t®5V4c per pound Urut-s weight),
SHEEP —Wethers. 3^4?3%c; Ewes, 3®3>£c
per pound (gross weight). - m \
LAMBS —$2 75@3 per head.
HOGS —Live Hosts, 100 to 250 lbs. 5 Tic; under
150 lbs, 6 1,<(@S%c: Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars,
CO per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent oft from
above quotations. N
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
£* AUCTION. £*
CLOSING OUT SALES.
R. H. NASON" of Dixon. Solano County, con-
signs 25 head draft stock, 4 to 7 years old.
weighing 1 from 1400 to 1S0O pounds: 4 driv-
ing horses. 2 having records of 2:17 and
2:17% respectively.
ALTA STABLES. San narael. R. 7. Koch
owner, consigns 15 head of driving bones.
one rockaway, two surreys, one runabout,
two top buggies, eight sets single harness.
three sets surrey harness, seven seta doubl*
harness, ladies' and gents' saddles; also
robes, blankets, etc.
All to be Sold Without Reserve at
1732 MARKET ST.. SAN FRAN CISCO.
MONDAY Evening. October 12. l»O3.
At 7:45 O'clock by Electric Light. ¦
The attention of Draymen and Liverymen is
called to this sale.
All the above horses are gentle, broken aad
ready to be put to work. ' Will be at yard Oc-
tober 10. FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Live Stock Auctioneers.
yti\i ./T"fY /f.t$
By order of Sirs. A. Larsen I will hII at
auction, TUESDAY. Oct. 8. 11 a. m., at 1110
Folsom St.. 1 span of large gray horses. 1 fast
pacer. 1 handsome brown mare, and also a
choice lot of horses, wagons, surreys, buggies
and carts and SO sets of harness.
AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY. October
7 at 11 a. m. By order of W. A. Comstock.
i'will sell 35 head of good, young horses. JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer./ ¦ -"-¦¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 0. 1903.
12
HELP "WANTED FEMALE. |
WANTED — A large number of cooks, second '
girls, nurses, parlor maid, laundress and j
Kirls for all kinds of housework, ln both city
and country, at the best of wages, in both
German and American families. Apply to-
day, J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Matron for a boys' school. Call
to-day, J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A HOUSE girl. 4 in family. $40; house girl.
$35; woman to wash dishes, sleep home, $22;
waitress, small American family, $30; 2 girls,
hotel, $20 each; waitress, $25c fare, here; 10
cooks, $30 and $35; nurse, $25; man and
wife, $00. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED women to sew on buttons by
hand. Lev! Strauss & Co.'s Shirt Factory,
36V4 Fremont St.; see MR. HINDSHAW.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at S10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdressing
trade; manicuring, massage, etc., 1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1 {
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st,, r. 13.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES 32 '/_ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — A refined young lady as companion
to lady; must be _-ood p«nman and under-
stand music, also assist in light housework;
reference required. 41S Montgomery st.
YOUNG lady to assist in bookkeeping; one
with knowledge of stenography preferred.
Address box 4030. Call office.
T3IRL tt) assist In light housework; German
preferred. Apply 3401D Nlnteenth St.; call
between 12 ar.d 2 o'clock.
EXPERIENCED hand at dressmaking, one j
who understands first-class work; also lm- \
prover; an apprentice paid. 411 Mason st. !
GIRLS wanted — Box department Mutual Label I
and Lltbo Co., Second and Bryant sts.;
Bryant-et. entrance.
WANTED— Girls to label mush packages at
Capitol Mills, 111 Sacramento s,t. Apply to
day.
GIRL for cooking and housework; 3 adults.
747 Shrader st.
GIRL for light housework ln flat; small fam-
ily. Call 1530 Fulton st.
WANTED — First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands and errand girl. J. BAER, 1200 Geary.
WANTED- Pants finisher; best union work.
CO Tthama.
GOOD hards on vests; also apprentice with
experience. C41 1 /. Stevenson st., S. F.
GIRL for general - housework; small family.
Flat 1204 Ellis St.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands on Jackets.
* Eastern Outfitting Co., 1320-8, Stockton st.
WANTED — A shirt polisher. The French
Laundry Co., &J72 Mission et.
GIRL to assist in housework; 2 adults and I
child ln family. 1750 Ellis st. *»'
A GIRL to assist ln small family; 3 adults.
2.'!0() Leavenworth St., corner Lombard.
A GIRL for second work; German or Scandina-
vian preferred. 2(323 California st.
LUNCH waitress wanted. 515 Valencia st.
YOUNO girl to assist with housework. 510
Hayes e(.
2 FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. 1103 Mar-
kot st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress; $9 a week. People's
Restaurant, lEil Clay st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
ar.d a convincing .talker. F. PERSON, 477
_?£_ ¦*"__?___ bulIJln B.
FINISHER on pants; steady work. 36 Geary
St.. room 33.
NEAT, reliable young girl for branch bakery;
wages $15. 530 Castro st. ' ¦¦}- ,^~.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chut<s *> p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED — First-class demonstrator; must be
of good appearance: one who understands
hair goods preferred; state age, experience
and salary expected. Apply box 1CS7, Call.
WANTED — Good pants finishers; good wages.
Apply at once. S. N.v WOOD & CO.. 27
Geary st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady work and I
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific sts.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once. /AMES * HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento et. - /
TRUSTWORTHY woman to manage a busl-
ne«5..out of the city. Box 1GS3. Call office.
WAIST, skirt and sleeve hands; also Improvers.
__MULRONEY, 110 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on men's custom coats;
steady work^ high wages. 533 Natoma st.
WANTED — Girl do cocking and general house-
work; refs. Apply mornings. 1700 Baker st.
2 LADIES of good address* to repres-jnt a high-
grade matazine. 59 Columbian bidsr.," city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furwtshed. Miss
M. G. tiarrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
1IELP WANTED — MALECS
GARDENER and wife. $60 and found- plain
varnieher. $2 25 a day; flour miller. $(»0; '3
boilermakers. $3 t!5 day; stableman, private i
stable. $30 and found; stableman, livery sta-
ble. $30 and found; 2 farmers and wives.
$50 and $55 and found; farmers. $1 23 day
and $30 to $:$5 month and board; sheep- '
herder. $30 and found: boys to learn trades:
. woodchoppers, $1 75. $2 and $2 75 cord; man
to maks lagging and mine timbers; 5 wood-
, choppers. $1 cord, fare advanced; office boy;
brick burner $3' day; laborers, quarry men
and others, j. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
FOUR boarding-house cooks, $40. $50 and $G0
and found; hotel second cook. ?50 and found;
bedmaker; waiter country hotel. $30 and
found, and others." J. F. CROSETT & CO..
G2S Sacramento st.
AT C. FREY & CO.'S, 631 Commercial st.
El Dorado Co., Butte Co., Reno. Nev. We
ship free fare on all jobs.
Walter, city hotel. $50 and, found.
Boilermaker helpers, free fare.
Laborers, city. . $2 day. ¦-
Call early, boys. We have hundreds of new
Jobs for old and ' young. No " strikes. No
fakes. We guarantee all Jobs. C. FREY
& CO. Phone Main 1575.
LOST A~D FOUND. $
LOST— Sunday evening, gold brooch (cr oss>
set with topaz going from St. Stephen s
church Fulton " St.. to Flllmore to Golden
Gate ave.. to Scott to Eddy. Return to ISt \
Stevenson st.; reward. .
LOST— Carved leather purse on Post st.. be-
tween Mason and Jones, containing gold ana
change; reward. t£Jl Post St.
LOST— On Hayes or Octavla St.. baby's pic-
tures. Return 8.t3 Octavia St.: reward.
LOST— A gold necklace with gold cress at-
tached. 13(5 Rousseau gt. ; reward. _
LOST— Purse with money and .1 ring-. Re-
turn to 317 Third st.. Oakland: reward.
LOST— White bull terrier dog; red spot over
right eye. Return Baldwin Annex.
LO?T— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. A. E. DOTON. No. 71-<X*>.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A white setter pup: black left ear. Re-
turn to 14-6 Mission st. : reward.
IT will pay to "Renember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch caaea.
LOFTS TO LET^ K; j f.'zZ^L
WEl^LIcrHTED loft. 30x60: rent $30: sulta-
ble for manufacturing bus. 2140-2 Folsom st.
MILLINEIIY. '. _____
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported and
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post »t.
MEDICAL. _
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT THYSIC1AN.
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 332L
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confl-
dentlal. Fees within the reach of all.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills. n
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur' •
syringe and tablets; price $2 «'>:). By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
MRS DR WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints: instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S20 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
raale troubles and irregularities; Instant r8-
lief guaranteed. 1QOS>4 Marxet St.. cpp. 5th.
DR. G. W. OTJONNELL — All who ars sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on ferr»a:«
complaints: positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult c&J-es treat-
ed: advice free. Office. 1013 Maiket st.
Drs.'Gocdwm. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment >10; hours. to 5; 23 yr>- exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and durin_
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2005 Folsom at., corner
2Cth; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS.DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 112C Market »t.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; a n diseases cured by herbe.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; ln rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin cr shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 _arket st.
FOR sale— Collection postage stampa. envel-
opes, cards and wrappers; some rare ones:
bargain; no dealers: call Sundays after 2
p. — ». ; week days after 0 p. in. 11 Rlncon J
ave.. off Second st.
2D-HD. machinery, bollen 1. engines. pu~ ip«.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, told.
rented and exchanged; «ee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale cheap. $25. first-class ticket to Co-
lumbus Ohio; suitable for medium b'.onclr
lady; final limit Oct. 15. 1003. Addre/-/
Blondin. 80O K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
BEAUTIFUL upright piano; being obliged to
move to Seattle. I must sell my fin* upr*-ht •
piano at a sacrifice. MRS. HOFFMAN. 002
Ea*t Seventeenth street. Oakland.
45 GENTLE dairy cows; fresh springers: must
ga in 3 days or owner takes possession again;
cheap for cash. Mission road, near Flve-
Mlle House. ______
A— Fine suits, 17 50; drew pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2iS Kearny at..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to nocn.
A — 93 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near
Pine; open till 0 p. m. Sunday to nocn.
A^-BUYS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR SALE — L. C. Smith hammerless ejector
shotgun: almost new; $S5; original cost $105.
1834 Devisadero st.
VERY cheap — A scholarship in a ftrst-class San
Francisco business college. P. O. box 14.
Berkeley^
3. 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; second-hand:
all sizes, new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 123
Market st.
! TRY our men's shoes at $1 and SI 30 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MNFG CO.. 510 Market st. 1
LOFT of homer pigeons for sale cheap. 117
Oak st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 103-107 Fremont st. _^
J FIRST-CLASS pump, windmill, tank and
tower; cheap. 2900 Howard st.. near 28th.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterna. sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard — Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EXT-
GENE RILEY & SON3. 109 Vallejo »t_
MOVING picture film and song slides. 103
Mcntgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B..BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St.
All bargalns;camp stools and chalr»; hammock*,
metal beds.mattresse9.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phoncgraphv, record*, supplies, xnovi-gj
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi, 933 MUt.
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t,
ASK for prices on secf»nd-hana typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Montg'.y.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
ltt pag»s. In wrapper, for mailing. SI year.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXtX
CALIFORNIA HOUSEWRECKING CO.
Pays higher prices for .buildings and takei*.
less time to wreck and remove. Office. NW.
ccr. Mission and Tenth; phone Mint 3011.
"WANTED — Live beam or buffalo; state age
and sex. Address ill!?. Mission st.
BOOKS and libraries bought. 11. C. HOLJIEH.
1149 Market st. : phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wa.it* good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 J»th St.; tel. Jessie 2S31.
A BIO. price paid for sealskins; eend postal.
-» Stockton ft.: rhone Bush 4.*4. ~
; . MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY
, 601-602-603 Examiner bull_n«.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property ln trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests ln property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES en furniture and piano* without
removal; to salaried people on their nots
without security or knowledge of employer:
lowest rates: best term*; quickest service and
absolute privacy; special rate* to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 6S-C9 Donohoe bid.. 1I7O Market st.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2(1 or 3d mortgages. SAN
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE in
probate, send full particulars or property; no
answer otherwise. Box 24U.S. Call office.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store " S4<$
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses without
. security: easy payments; lane est business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
THE Open Credit Assn. makes advances to
responsible salaried people, confidentially;
new and simple plan; easy Installments.
Room SO. Academy of Sciences. 819 Market.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant ave.
LOANS FROM <1 TO $10.000
8. F. DISCOUNT AG_NCT— Loans to salaried
people on their nota._|
THE TOUSLET CO .143 Phelan bids. <
MONET to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 Ststh st.
ON furniture, piano; no remoraL E. W LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. ,708 Market.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED— FEMALE^
j NURSERY governess deslrps position; one or
', two children: hotel preferred; city refer-
ences. Box 1071. Call. ,
! AN experienced working housekeeper with girl
« years; good cook and baker; $20. 100j Mls-
1 eion st. _¦ .
! INTELLIGENT young lady would like position
as collector; can give cood references. Box
4:iS!t. Call. . •
! RESPECTABLE woman; Is good cook; will do
washing; go short ways in country in private
American family: Eife ref. 79t Folgom gt.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washins or
houpecleanlng. Call 157 .Tehnma st.
1 WANTED — Work by the day; any kind; good
1 cook. Address 10CG Pacific st.
' AN experienced saleslady wishes position. Box
1C.6JS, Call office.
i FINNISH plrl nnr arrival, wishes place do
I general hous-'ework. lOO'/j Germanla ave.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like houseksep-
er's position or cooking* no objection to
country. Add. 132 Rose ave., near Haight fit.
' COMPETENT stenographer; any line; operates
Remington, Yost. Smith; wishes permanent
position; will substitute; salary. $55 per
month. Address box 4015. Call office.
COMPETENT we man wants silk underwear or
: flannels to wash at In me. 750A Howard fet.
! WANT ads and EUb.«cription» taken for The
full at Katnn's Tarnnr. H33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
I RELIABLE honest man, thoroughly compe-
tent wishes position around gentleman's
pluce; care of garden, horses, cows, etc. Box
j 1669, Call office.
I YOUNG man wishes a position ln city; not
afraid of any kind of work. Address WM.
J. GOEBEL. 1711 Market st^
A MAN about place, gardening, attend to
horses, handy with tools; no cows; good ref-
j erences. Box ltfJG. Cal!.__
I COACHMAN or gardener (experienced) wishes
situation; best of reference. Box 4O'>", Call.
1 TAILOR wants position as tailor In this city..
F. M.. box 1M7, Call offlce^ *r
1 SOBER reliable youns man wants responsi-
ble position: Al references. Box 4TO0. Call.
WANTED — Situation as barkeeper or helper in
! I saloon; best of references; little experience.
04:; Broadway. •
; MAN n'oout place, parrlenins;; haniy with
tools; r.o cows; private" family. Eox 40G2,
Call offlce^^ .
YOUNG man well educated and reliable, v/ith
1 j business rxpirk-nce and knowledge of book-
\ keeping, wants position; references from last
' place. B.ix 4.TJ0, Call.^
' WANTED by an American. S3 years of age,
i who has had 13 years of business experience.
. j position; would prefer outside work as sales-'
• 1 man. solicitor or collector. Box 1213. Call.
' MAN nnd wife want situations; man can speak
German. Spanish and English; can do any
j kind of work; wife speaks Italian and Span-
! lsh. Box 4.TJ2. Call.
; SITUATION wanted as mechanical engineer or
i construction cr designing engineer for general
1 ¦ mill work by technical iiraduate; best of ref.
' ! erences. Box 4017. Call.
• ' BY tool and die maker and also do general
i llKht machine bench ar.d repair work; fully
equipped with tools. Ingenuity and 12 years'
1 experience. Box 4023. Call.
• 1 BY a youns man as carpenter's helper; can
do most any kind of carpentering. Address
[ ' box 1218. Call office^^ .
• '• SITUATION wanted ns night watchman; best
• i city reference given. Box 1G02, Call office.
; ! JAPANESE married coup'.o would like sltua-
' I tions; man cood housework or cunt^ner and
• ' wife good cook. Address J. HaMAHOTO,
1 I 533 Sixteenth gt.. Oakland.
; ' AN honest Japanese wants a situation a*
' : schoolboy in small family. Address TOY
• I NAKA. 807 Poll: s^
' ' JAPANESE: Rood elevator boy. who has had
' j many years' experience, wants position. F.
• G., 512 Turk st.
: ! JAPANESE man and wife wnnt situations as
'I cook and houseworker: best reicrence?. T.
: I N1INOMI. 18 St. Mary St.. city^
A GOOD Japanese boy wants position of
I ! schoolboy. GEORGE FU.TITA. 132!) Pine St.
• I " FINANCIAL.
I , — _-.— -.-._-.__._.,¦-,-_ _-,,-
1 4 PER CENT TO C PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
I Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stock3.
Selected fpr conservative Investors.
• Write for information to
' HEAZELTON * CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers,
Hayward building.
'• San Francisco, Cal.
1 A CHANCE to invest $1000 to J10.000 and
double your money in less than one year;
; negotiation direct: Investigate. Address U7S
I Twenty-first ?>¦• Oakland.
; fla!-s~to~l_t.
• .
A HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantn.ee of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-2SU Geary
tjL, en the square.
) ~_I__
I FOR RENT — In the Mission warm belt, niee-
ly furniRhed flat, piano and telephone. 29G5
Howard st.. 7 rooms nnd bath. ASHTON &
S GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
: TWO beautiful sunny flats. 0 and 7 rooms,
'< larRe cellar and porch: .lust newly renovated.
; 1(510 Dush st., nr. Van Ness ave. ; rent $-'52 50.
" FLAT, of 0 rooms ar.d bath. HO Leavenworth
. street. '
I MODERN sunny flat. 6 rooms. 10 Waller St.,
facins Duboca Park; rent reasonable.
NEW sunny 5-room flats reduced to $22 00.
£iV51 Brodtriek et. : kc-y next door.
1 POLK, 2. r .2G — New flat; 4 rooms and bath;
r sunny; latent Improvements; $20. \
POST. 1339 — Modern new fiat. 8 rooms and
J. bath: sun In every room.
e SCOTT. 1328. bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Elegant
• sunny new flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent $35.
" BUNNY flat. 510 Jones, st 7 cozy rooms; sult-
' able for physician or family.
• A WEEK'S news for 5 cente — The Weekly Call.
If. pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1. per year
_ V FCBIVITOnE WANTED.
- A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission. Dhone Red 44C2.
1 buys, rents, repairs, packs rurniture, carpets.
. Cal. Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
¦ nlture. Hats, etc. 1105 Mission: tel. Mint 2481.
S HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
«URD. auctioneer, ISIS Mktytel.Howard 2750.
__JBELP WANTED- -M. A LE— Con .
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
o0 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON. GOLCONDA AN'D RENO.
S. P. R.R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
190 laborers. $2 a day.
We Ship Dally on All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
OREGON — FARE ADVANCED.
S coal miners, 6- foot vein. $1 a ton.
BUTTE COUNTY. DIAMOND MATCH CO.
FEE $1. CHICO. SHIP TO-DAY.
Half fare. $2 80. FEE $1.
25 teamsters $75 a month
2O drillers. $2 5O a day.
100 laborers. I trackmen, woodchoppera and
right of way men, $2 25 a day.
OREGON. FREE FARE.
75 Greek and Italian laborers. $2 to $3 a day.
HUMBOLDT CO.
2S laborers. $2 to $3 a day; fare advanced
and half fare $2 50.
Ranch choreman, $25 a month.
Man on bean ranch, $30 and board.
2 ranch hands. Eastern men preferred, $1 a
day, bed and board.
Tamale maker, $12 a week.
Boy of about 18 to work around grocery and
bar. $20 and board.
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 89 Third st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/sT.T. .Emp. Agents
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers, Valmy, Nevada $2
ICO laborers. Reno. Nevada $2
100 laborers, Fenelon. Nevada $ 2
100 laborers. Beowawe. Nevada $-
Board $4 50 week.
Absolutely free fare Office fee $1
FOR MARIN COUNTY. CAL.
Muckers, laborers. tunnelmen...$2 25, $2 50
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.. CHICO. CAL.
Rockmen. laborers $2 25. $2 50
Rate fare ?2 SO Ship to-night
Broiler, country hotel. $30: second cook, ho-
tel, north. $50; 4 waiters, country hotels. $30.
$35; German second cook, country hotel. $13;
2 waiters, country restaurants. $35 r dish-
washers. potTvashers. kitchen hands, bell, ele-
vator bovs. others, city and country. $15. $i0.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. .. Employment Agency,
429 Bush st -•. 642 Clay st.
THE Master Barbers' Association will meet j
on particular business to-night at 8:30 ,
o'clock at 102 O'Farrell st. H. BERNARD.
President.
A BOY 14 to 16 years eld by a wholesale
house. Box 4CK5S. Call otdce^ •
BARBER shop with lease for sale, cheap; eld
establishment. 229 Hayes st^
ERRAND boy wanted. PAUSON & CO.. 200
Kearney st.
FIRST-CLASS pants maker. 1103 Market st.
BOY make himself useful, wholesale house;
chance advancement. Graf Bros.. 569 Market.
DAY cashier wanted. Apply 29 Stockton
street.
ERRAND boys wanted. MARKS BROS.. 1220
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors. A. KAHN. 142
Geary st. ' •
BARBER shop for eale; 2-chalr ; ihort hour*.
Call at P. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
2522 SHATTUCK ave., Berkeley: barber shop
for sale; bargain; 4 chairs; lease: rent $15.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes h_f-
eoled when you can get It done for 23c, 50o
and 60c while you wait at 663 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third et.?
BARBERS — One of the nicest and best-pay-
ing 3-chair shops north of Market: low rent.
Apply 430 Turk et.. between 12 and 1 p. m.
DRUMMER for merchant tailor; good com-
mlssion. 40 Ellis at. room 49.
BOY about 15 years of age for men's furnish-
ing store. 424 Kearny st.
~LABORERS; pick and shovel. Fourteenth
ave. and N st. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
FIRST-CLASS saloon porter; wages $12 per
we»k. 152 East st. ; call early.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; transient. 222
East st.
! TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 00 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shots, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam. bids-. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — For U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character: must speak, read and writs
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war in all parts of the world, on land In our
island possessions, and at naval stations In
- the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K St., Eacramer.to, Cal.
WANTED — Foreman, sinel«i man. to taka
charge of a gentleman's country place with-
in 50 miles of San Francisco; must be -Ca-
pable of handling men and accounts and to
supervise dairy, chicken raising and all other
departments; state age. wages expected and
references. Address Foreman, 421 Market
St., San Francisco.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eaper to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 4SS Parrott building.
LARGEST commissions ever offered to good \
portrait solicitors, male or female. Apply SCV
Howard st.
FOR SALE — First-class union barber shop;
location San Pnblo ave.. Oakland. Address
box 831. Call office. Okaland.
MAN wente-i to sell rufii •(! curtains ln San
Francisco. JOHN M. HASSALL. 7S Bedford
st.. Boston. Mass.
JAPANESE man and wife to run shooting gal-
lery. Inquire 318 Grant ave. )
NURSERYMAN and florist wanted. Call 500
Halght »t.
SALESMAN, traveling or local: staple article
as side line for drug and k!ndre<< trades; full
control of territory; pocket sample case.
BAYER. C6 Beekroan st.. New York.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House- proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired ;, special offer this month; catal igue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
I . '
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
! ply room 14. 26 Montgomery at.. San Fraa-
i Cisco Construction Company.
. BARBERS — Good shop in San Jose; receipts.
! $4D per week: rent $15: a bargain. DECK-
; ELM AN BROS.. 108 Ellis st.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outsUto
I work. THORNE _ CO.. 312 Bosh »t.
j McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
1 new and s.cond-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
MAN to do janitor work for tuition ln S. F.
Barber School. 741A Hcwnrd st.
SAILOIra and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Au-tralla. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4* Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 7C0 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's Fhoes. sllfrhtly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., t»t. i s t and 2d sts.
HORSES AN'D AVAGOXS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big storel
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses. 327
Sixth st. -*:-<;
A RARE pony for sale. 847 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. %ur-
rsy.harness.wcrk.dnvlng hcrses. 15th- Valencia,
_.__ .*]
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
. jrocart f or s_i e cheap. C'.C Mission st.
HOUSE 9 TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense lUt:
service absolutely free: taka advantage o;
this department: It will «ave you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 243-23) Geary
, it., on the square.
VAN NESS ave.. 2104, near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house; 10 rooms; rent $70.
' BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let.* BALDWIN A KOWKLL. 25 Pest St.
HOUSES TO LET— FUnxiSHED.
[ FOR RENT — A well and completely furnished
house of nine rooms; choice section Western
' Addition; hlgheat references given and re-
1 quired. Address Owner, box 1C95. Call.
' OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
, and 2 baths: large garden: grand view.
; HOUSES FURNISHED — FOK SALE.
' PARTIES leaving town would like to sell fur-
nished house; very reasonable. S82 H Fol-
iw m st
HELP WANTED — MALE — Cow.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 584S.
Leading Employment aiiti Labor Agents.
1002 WE GAVE ~ 1003 WE'LL GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
5697 men wanted TO-DAY for
ARIZONA. OREGON
I NEVADA WILLITS, UKIAH
And all points north, east, south on Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free pass. .
ON BVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS. DRILLERS
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES. TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
Miners all over State. $»O and $S2 50.
Drillers all over State, $82 50 and $75.
3ii5 laborers and muckers everywhere, SCO,
$75 and $S2 50.
Timbermen, carmen, furnacemen. $GQ to $90.
STABLES, FARMS, ORCHARDS, DAT" 1
23G farm and orchard hanus, $30, $33, $40 fa.
56 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30 to
$50 fd.
20 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, etc., $30
to $40 fd.
10 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $30 to $60
and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS WOODS.
IN 4 STATES.
033 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
lite mill and yard men. $50 to $150.
3C5 WOODCHOPPERS.
2S7 TIEMAKER9.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc., from $.".0, $60, $70, $S0, $00. $1CO.
$125 to $150 a month.
MURRAY & HEADY. 631-636 Clay St.
" —BOARD YOURSELVES—
— ?2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK—
155 Greeks or Portuguese; new work,
155 Italians or Slavonians; new work.
155 Au.trlans or Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians; nev/ work.
MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay St.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country, $23 to $40 fd.
10 elevator and ball boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
Waiter, fare paid, extra job, $2 day and fd.
'Vaiter and dishwasher, sawmill, fare paid,
$25 and found.
Short order cook, Eureka, fare paid. $40 fd.
Waiter, cafe, $1 fare, $35 and found.
Pantry boy $20 and found; bedmaker, city
Job.
P.UTCHERS^
Pork packer and sausage-maker, south, $16
week.
Shop butcher, south, $16 week.
14 butchers, different jobs. $10 to $00 found.
! Butcher, ranch, ea?y Job. $30 and found.
j 2 bakers, city and country, $40 and $50 fd.
Cook and waiter, Nevada, ?H0 and $30 fd.
Clerk, hat department, country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C36 Clay St.
v CARPENTERS. ETC.
12 carpenters, houi-e work, 8 hours, 6 montnr
job, fare 75c, $3 50 day.
12 carpenters, fare 50c, $30.
3 carpenters, factory, 15c fare, $3 day.
YOUNG MEN.
6 young men 18 years, help carpenter*, $10
to $15 week.
MACHINIST, LATHE HAND. $3 DAY.
Grader, sugar pine lumber. $90.
Head Dolbeer logger. $00.
2 young men. learn leather tanning, $9 week.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city, $3 a day.
3 painters, stripe, letter, $2 CO to $3 a day.
2 coopers, factory, 20c fare, $3 25 a day.
Cut-off sawyer: 12 boys to learn trades, city.
86 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers all over California, $50,
$60 §70 $*'<>. ?00 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
630 labcrers and teamsters, city and country;
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavat-
ing, building, etc.; many ln San Francisco;
Iot3 to board home, $2, $2 25, $2 50, $2 76 a
day; 00 carmen and furnace men, $07 and
S75.
C5C3 positions not advertised.
COME— SEE.
BEST PLACE? AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BIGGEST WAGES AT C34-ffl6 Clay st.
! WAGES $75. -— WAGES.,
WATSEE I $S2 50. AVAGES.
33 two-hcrre, four-horse teamsters. $10.
2!> labcrers end muckers. $75.
20 drillers # and headermen, $82 50.
Manager here; 'cost you $1 fee; $1 fee.
THATS ALL. ¦
DIAMOND MATCH TRUST.
CHICO— BUTTE. CHICO— BUTTE.
MURRAY & READY, C34-K36 Clay St.
$~2~5() TO EUREKA $2 50 j
EUREKA $2 50 / EUREKA j
»T> laborers, you'll suit. ?C0 to $75.
Board, etc., $15 mo. BIG Lumber Company.
CROWDS GOING. ARK *OU?
MURRAY & READY. C34-630 Clay st.
TO~A~BIG. GOOD MINE.
16 laborers, no experience wanted, $fi0. $75.
MURRAY & READY, Uit-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS BY
PHONE, TFTiRGRAPH AND, SPECIAL
LETTER DELIVERY.
\ ARIZONA.
1 903 MILES PRFSCOTT, MIDDLETOWN,
I ARIZONA TO-DAY $1 50 FEE
i 0 Flack coopers. S)c; o cabinet-makers.
I 1CS Woodsmen. FRESNO COUNTY.
BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO.
16 laborers: FREE FARE; $.".5 to $.80 found.
2 shft phrnlers, fnre *1 ;''.,'. •?«> and found.
Young German, set up pins. $30 and found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
PS men or boys; fare $1 : fee $1; $30 found.
MARYSVILLE. CHICO. PLACERVILLE.
1SU carpenters' helper?, laborers, teamsters,
(irlllers and ether help, you go, $S2 50, $75,
?G7 CO.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY. \
26 laborers to pile lumber. $60.
WILLITS — UKIAH.
164 teamsters, labcrers, etc.. free fare,
$07 50.
RESERVOIR WORK.
no teamsters and laborers, fare $1 20, $00,
$R7 50
COAL' MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
C5 coal miners. OreRnn. Hi to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
f.3 tur.nelmen. $S2 TO. . '
2 laborer?, handle wood, free fare, $2 day.
12 han.ly men, ranch, fare $1 25, $30 found.
Man, break, care colts, fare $1. $25 found.
MARRIED.
Man, wife, no other woman there, 5 cows
and chores: wife, cock, 0 men; 10c fare; bo&a
here: $55 and fcund.
12 young men. city mills and factories. $1 50.
Vest, shirt, coat makers. ."» men, north.
VERY MURRAY & READY,
IMPORTANT. i;;t-ti.'}t; Clay st.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton St.— Man and
wife on n ranch, woman to act as house-
keeper, ccok for B men, make butter, etc..
$.V): vegetable gardener. S30; milker and
make butter, private place, country, $35; j
bricklayers, near city. |
WANTED — A thbrouch business man to take j
eharfie of e department store a short dls- j
tnnce from the city; must understand dry
goods businpf»s; if requirements are satisfied, I
a rood position can be obtained. Address [
with references, statinp age, and married or
MnEle. box 4CS8, Call office. _j
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at SI and
51 r>0 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 BO; we pay
express or mail chr^s. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
FIRST-CLASS tailors: none but experienced I
workmen need apply: steady position. ROOS I
BROS., Kearr.y at Post.
BOOTBLACK wanted v.-ho is capable of at-
tending to cisar stand, also laundry office;
one with his own stand preferred. 1405 Polk.
EXPERIENCED man for window cleaning and
K general store work; reference required; wages
$15 week; stjeady job. Box 10t : S>, Call office.
EXPERIENCED gardener; must be steady
man; country; references; $60 month. Box
4<ns, Cn'.l office. •-,¦-..•',-;.¦
EXPERIENCED man for delicatessen counter
I wanted. Apply Superintendent's Office, The
I Emporium.
WANTED — A boy about 16 years old. S. N.
WOOD & CO., 740 Market st. . :,:...
YOUNG man. ase about 18 years, to assist
packer. ROCS BROS., Kearny at Post.
THREE 'errand boys. ROOS BROS., Kearny
at Pfgt.
BARBER shop: 2 chairs; clear and tobacco
ftock; cheap. Inquire P. STOLTZ, 723 Market.
BOY take charge store and run errands. RAM-
SEY C: SON. 104 Sutter Et.
F7RST CLASS oyster ccck. Call at 310 Mont-
gomery st., bet. 7 and S p. m.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling. 827 Sutter
st., ner.r Leavenworth.
BOY," 14 or 13; strong and willing; store work;
wholesale candy factory. 538 Washington st.
ERRAND bey wanted at 113 Davis st. FREY-
GANG-LEARY Co.
WANTED — A shirt polisher, marker and dis-
tributor. 3372 Mission st.
AVANTED — A first-class bartender with good
references and student. 10 Post st.
WANTED — A young man to work in the
kitchen. 18 Eddy st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; other bus-
iness; a bargain. Box 4604, Call office.
WANTED — Coatmaker; steady work; for the
city. . Detmer Woolen Co.
WANTED— Steady boy to work ln fish market.
Apply 863 Valencia at.
DISHWASHER in small restaurant; $G a
week: half day Sunday. . 25S5 Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted ln barber shop; wages
paid. '. 1543 Devisadero Bt.
WAITER for night watch; union restaurant.
517 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man in gents' furnishing store, with
• ' a knowledge of hats. 1 Box 4067, Call office.
ERRAND boy well recommended. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia St..
SAIf FHAXCISCO CALL. CLAIRVOYANTS. '_ •
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco MX Regular $3 Readings Thl, Week For
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open ?* pimrpVsnn PAUL DESTISE
ur.tll 12 o'clock every cjeht in the year. FirVt^eSred Tr&nc? Clairvoyant and
l.'iMvrn nm-irn^c v>7 Mnntmmerv street. *De rirsi rtesleiercu irance uainujnui »u>*
x BRANCH OFFICLS— B-i Montgomery Bireei. palmist ever in San Francisco.
C °.^ r « Clay: CDen . UnlU 9:3 m,V"o „ ™ I do hereby solemny agree and guarantee 1
liuO Hayes street; open until 9:oO p. m. .» -,7v. rn A.rr« if I fall to tell vou vour '-
G» McAllister .treet; cpen until »:» p. m. Vnd Vhl't 'you^cjl^ $2% ,
J 15 ,^ 1 "? ""T* t: , OPen ..? ?n £" £• 1 promise to tell you whether husband, wife I
«•" " l8 »_° n «V**V ot * n Unt JLteen_^"ot)en or sweetheart U true or false; I tell you
:_C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth, open and __ hen y<m wm marr -.. ln fact# : j
CE ,V,. t-,°' m *w . .,_»,, q _ m will tell you every hope, fear or ambition j
E^\ er ' th etreet ;°P en "*?].? g-J*-- better than you can tell yourself; I improve ;
K96 Va'eart* street; open unU 8 p. m character eo that you will reach the
Northeast corner Church and Duncan Btreeti. nIgncn pt >_eible development in mental vigor. 1
cp»n until 9 o. m. „ ___,_,• ,„.._ _. nd health, happiness and capacity to earn
North«eet corner cf Twenty-secona «nu wealth- eo you will live happy an! contented .
Kentucky streets: open until 9 p. m. tb t of your ,, fe Hours 10 a. m. to 8
_CK. nilmrie ptreft: open until 9 p. nv p. m . ; Sundays, 2 to 8. 32(J O'Farr.'ll st.. 320.
MEKTING ¦ NOTICE— MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
__— — , ¦¦ ¦¦- Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. O ntntly located at 17 Third st., next Examln-r
vi'l meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEX-VY blcg. : she reads your life correctly, gives an
ING October « at 7 -30 o'clock. Stated /V\ accurate description of the past, reveals the
meetinc and B. A. 'degree. By order preeent happiness and portrays events to
Zt the H P occur ln the future; If you are ln trouble, dl»-
FRAN'KLIN II. DAY. Secretary. contented or not satisfied ln life, cr have do-
— '. • tnestic, love or business troubles, consult this
GOLDKN Cate Lodce No. 30. F. and A. _ great medium and you will be told how to
M — Piatfd meeting THIS (TUESDAY) > 1L^ overcome them; valuable advice ln all afla'.r*
EVFNING ut 7:30 o'clock. J^P\. of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
EDWIN L. MEYER. J^-cretary. ' * lcg» by mall. Tel. Black 4509.
ORIENTAL Lodg" No. 144. F. and A. ft IEMAR. the Egyptian Bjpsy, clairvoyant and
M —Stated m-eting THIS <TUES- *YJT rairaist. permanently located at 1104 Market
DAT) EVENING at 8 o'clock. /V \ 6 _., oor Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
A. . VJ . HUHHARD, Secretary. n) . t0 5 p. ~. : readings by'-mail as tatlsfac-
- — — - :."¦",-.", ~ tory as ln person; 3 questions ansv.ered, $1;
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. l.»*. ...•£«{£_£*, f_H ufe. $5: fend lock of hair, date and year ;
1 O. O. F.— Initiation WE1JNKS- _____^|R3]^ of birth: don't ssnd currency. Send pi'-<to:fiee,
KAY EVENING, October .. \ i>- -^<*;,?~;? We!l«-FarEo mon-y order or registered letter. |
Itor, cordiail>Mnvl^d v HCEBNEB> 5_TURN_D. j
ANDREW J. CX.EARY. H. -S- K. KELLER, j
— , — _r; World's most famous aura seeress and clair-
IVANHOE Locte No. 5. K. of P., will JVfe^, voyant: readings daily; 3 questions by mail, ,
confer tfce Knlsht rank tlong form) TJ5_f>{J fl; 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 0 p. m. ; Sun- j
WEDNESDAY. October 7. l'J03. at /»»£> days 10 to 12; now locatcdjU 122S Market st.
lIe -_e_iJe™"^lATiod^o?- X-MME. clairvoyant and j
SLf'v incited' FRED WIOKERT. C. C. card r-ader. born with a double veil and sec- I
ft^VORCBOSS K ofR and S. ™d slffhf. tells the past, present and future;
O. NOKCRl*^. iv. or ».. a"" o ladle*. 50c: gents, $1 : by cards, palmistry
THE California Debris Commission, having anu clairvoyant slttins; $1 50. 120 Turk st. j
ESS^ftTS^^^iSiSfffi MRS. A. H. Kronen** Palmist .clairvoyant.
iS?"G*orsetown. El Iiorado County, Cal.. card reader, wll give a good reading 10c. for
?-sJninir irto Utter Cr^ek. which reaches a short time only; when others fall try me to
y^dle Fork of America^. Kiver, and from J. convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
j:*Ho«Tmar..i # and T. M. «X"' e "^ H? u W rJ. ! '*™ MISS ZEMDAR, youns gifted clair. ar.d palm.:
lioueh & Co. s mme near Forest Kill r.acer second sisrht: a wonderful prophetess;
ggfwtSS ««&"•_«& V«k™ aS O.tou Fr___t.nr.O.Q.»r: |
can I'jvf-r. gives Dottoc that meeting will be MISS WARD ereat card reader; ladies 25c; .
fcrld at room :<6. Flood building. San Fran- others fai!;'call on this celebrated medium; 1
cis^o. Cal.. Oct. 19. I»(i3. f-t 1 :30 p. ;n f=atis!act!on rr r.o pay. 413 Ma^on St.: no sign, j
BTCCKHOLI'ERS' MEETING— Notice Is here- a— Mme. Ravenna reads llf<\ business advice; ! ,
by riven that the annual meeting of the names pivrn; 25c up. r> 4th St.. near Market. I
stockholders of The Pank cr California will j _. -¦ — —
be held at the banking- rouse in this city on MME. WALTERS, great card rea<1er;ladlf s 2Sc.
TUESDAY October 13. 1W)3. at 11 o'clock 1 gents SOc. 951 Mission St.. nr. Oth; open Sun. |
a. m. By \ MRS.' BROWN/ c_irroy_»t* cart^ reader; ladiea |
__^_IlLS' ¦ irei.t. r. _ readings daily. 132 Sixth Et. j
AGENTS WANTED. MME. MARSEATJ. clairvoyant, card reader; ;
— ¦ ¦ " ' ladif? 25c genta BOc; hours 1-9. r>45 Minna, j
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is ; 1
a Uecided improvement on building and loan OLDEST lady palm'.st and card reader ln city. ;
is worth having. Great Western Improve- _.(;i;, Kearny, room 20; ladles '-3c; gents ?>0c.
ia«it Co., l'armtt bidit. MRS " O ARDNER7~cia'l"rv'o^rnt7~c^rd reader.
AGENTS wanted to sell shares for a new pat- C.'*5n Minna st.. bet. 7th and Sth. ;
Jegnc^lVgH^. & SSSrS: I M^^FER. .^voyant. card^de. «,
v -.r ATTO_an-Y8-AT>-AW. cnxnOPODISTS."
*Z%g£ff$SSgg8£i E k ARS - duniIpW nn%W^ j
NO PAY I'NLESS SUCCESSFUL. ailments of the feet cured; corns.bunions.etc. [
G. W.HOWE. i ¦ = ;
Attorney and Counselor at Law. • COTTAGES TO LET.
Open Evenings 7 to fl. Phone Jessie 4711. — — — ~— — !
Orftces on First Floor— Rooms 1. 2. 3. 4 and 5. FURNISHED cottaee. 114 Hawthorne. «ir. Fol- I
1122 Market St.. llctween Mason and Taylor. cosi, bet. 2d and 3d: 5 rooms, bath; g.tO.
Almost Ojiposite "Hale's" Dry Goods Store. ¦" - »
." ADVICE FREE | _!__5i____!
to'^10™'; ht\ed G .n^ C badi;n:! _LeCTRO:deNtTl"cLINIC 8ro"_arkrt s'C.
«r.t* ejected speedily and reasonably; collec- cor. Fourth, room 7. flood buildlns; extrac- '
tions attended to; attachments; corporations tion f dor.e oalnlewly; teeth without plates ,
organized; civil and criminal practice. our specialty; gold crowns. $3 SO up; plat»s
— — — $-1 00 up, extraction free; ofllce hours. 9 !
RORT. W. KING, ntty-at-law. Examiner bid., a m to 8 p m.; Sundays, 9 to 2. ;
room Ell: all ca*es. damages, estates, wills. . ¦ '-- — — — — -
attachmtr-ts eoUectlooa, etc.; consultation DR. GR'JSS, 0O4-5-O CallaRhan bldg.. Market |
free; no advance charges; call or write; nnd McAllister Bt_; uses ths Basford Obtun- |
«-venir.»rs b"y appointment. Tel. Red 3C01. der, the only device ever invented for grind- j
— — ¦ ; • lr.g. Urilllng and excavating teeth absolutely s
AD^ ICE free — I will advance cost in meritcr!- without p.iin. For demonstration and proof •
ous cctew, divorce?, j.robate and all other law < call °t office
ca^¦es; no fees in advance: open every even- I __! . — ' — ¦ I
ing. J. M. THUP.STON. S10 Market Et., r. 3L J DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh I
; — _ ( __ . _»_ , _ — T~: — ~7 — ~^\~. — —No charge for extracting when plates are 1
h S CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg 027 Mar- _ a< _ ol( j b pl ate, made over like new; teeth
ket ft.; consultation free; no fees ln advance. I from > S per tet; extracting. 50c: caa glvea. |
AITKEN & AITKEN attorneys, rs. 303-10-U. ' A NEV/ p . a> _ The Whalebone-cannot break; j
Clur.ie bldg.. 5U.{ California ft.; tel. Mam ,2.. j *,J__^£j»> J-rs : crov.n. $8 60: flllings. 50c:
_DVZCB free; no charge unless successful- all | pi&'ea. f3: full Bet;all work palnlees and war-
law bUFiness. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market, j ranttd. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
DIVORCE— Cofte. ?12; quick, quief open even- i PARIS Dental Parlors. 2o3 Kearny. ccr.Bush— |
ing?. 027 Market Ft., room 3<n. i Set te<!th SI f.O up: crowns $2 up; fl'.lir.ga 25c. 1
nlI1 ni\rVTn*iii>T GOLD flllines. 73c; silver. C.'.c; crowns. ?2; no !
BIILUI.>US 1O LET. pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.n.Hewi»t.2'U Sutter. i
E^a I re S__?^S_^o?Sg SS? ! DHES'MAKKHlTSSlicAMSTHlBS^-i 1
S*-u!? un_lr ASHTON_ G_bS_«*^_! I M_X>W_LL S !*£&**& and Milling : School \
Montromery rt. i —Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market. ,
¦ — = — ~ ' ACCORDION rur.bur«t Jt knife plaltinK. St:^w-
m SIN ESS CIIAXCES. art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
S W^t_S_leS^_S^^;?S_?ln ' PV^>« ** l \ Cl^™^ !
BRANCH bakery; bipgfst snap ever offered; | EDUCATIONAL. / I
rt-c«ipt!< $10 daily; Ix^.ks will prove tills; rent 1 ™^^^ ,~^-^^~J^~~~. j
$14; three living r..oms; price $200. Please j THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian ¦
call and examine our large list of branch Ass-otiaticn conducts a night school for men, i
»>akeriet= and candy {-tores. Western Realty | un'engineering school, an evening law school, j
' t -*°-. 1^7'. Market St.. room 1. j a WO rking boys' night school and e. day busi- j
!U«^S5 F f°VaTT"n^e I e t nt 1 h nVOlCe - Ca " Z^^T&^^^AtiZ :
yjSSi Market gU-near.Thlrteenth. A g M c . A . building. Mason ar.d Ellis sts.
PARTY with $100 can make fortune; full In- j hkaLD'S i;UF1NE c S COLLEGE 24 Po«t S '
v_tl 6 atlon. P.ox 1C70. Call office. _J j H^E^dtl!t g ,^?^ [ouch typing: |
WANTED~P«rtner with capital for ladies' re- j languages telegraphy. Ensllsh brar.cnes;
tall cloak and *ult house; More rented ln i day and nisnt sessions; illus. catalogue tree, j
first-class location: good cteince for right \ AYRE.S the leading buMr.e*s college. 723 Mar- i
man. Box l«:70. Call. I fat Et. ; si^-cial summer course in all depart- ¦
T»»v-T^r(v vtr>*. ]^,.M n - 7Z tji * '¦ mer.ts; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
BAKEBI — tire location in Rio Vista: good 1 _ h ,,, i- fl . j_ v an ,i e v?nlne Ke«sions
taker will do well. Address DAN Me- j ship. 5^0. da) and ewnmg sessions. j
G.1AVGH. Rio Vista, Cal. j CALIFORNIA Business CollcBe. Larkin st.
"^L A^ RA^,i f a r t ar accountof £ :
f-lcknt-frs. at <-M Third st. structlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
A c?£r TAURAXT iOr ** W - VJi FIm "v J - THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school ,
- *- <Ji^^- for the university, law and medl.al colleges; ;
" ~ ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro- j
SALOON for sale ch*ap. Box 1C»4. Call. festor: day, evening tx-sslons. Phelan bl<lg. j
WANTED— Dr-UFKist w-th ?1000 cash; good op- ! HINMAN'S Academy: -a thoro-ich school of j
iiortunltv Ucx ie><S Call office danc.injr; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.. 1
iK,riur,it>. i>cx jt^y, can ofnee. betwcA Pine ar.d California: both adult and ;
FOR sale — Restaurant: any reasonable offer ' ch'.IdrSfa classes ore now open for thescason. j
accepted: established 15 years. 1750U Mlsrlon. | A _ KAN F R A NcTicO Buslne* College. 1230 '
LOUGI\G-IiOL'!»ES FOR SALE. j flay, _ -evening : >— «lont : write j f or%a Ulogne.*" J
100 ROOMS; house for mm; rent $140- $4000 V I° LJ - N * an<1 vlola Instruction, includlns en- I
M rooms; eouth of Market; rent $100 "00<> tremble; bezlnners received: best method;
24 room*; corner; part cash; bal. easy 850 terms moderate. Studio :>0." Larkin, room i;l. I
21 r^Ts'-'wat^ 'lo^r^tul lea^" _3 i HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post i
1^0 rooms' t£ri le^e-^^w rent r'^\ **- S - F; a r ractlcaI ho^ ot engineering:
3 5? r^ e ; ap^meXwe S ternidl.-:reni j complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
Money loaned at 1 per cent. ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur- j
Hotel*, roadhousey. fiats, 5 to 100 rooms. vey_ assay, cyanide: day, eve.; egt. 1SC4. Van i
EITEL _ CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. dc^Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. 'City Hall. I
PETFRSEN REALTY CO., 1035 Market st. DANCING Tuerday. Thurrday. Saturday and
$_00 — Modern 27-room house; tstoady and Sunday evenlr.es at Teutonia Hall. Howard
transient: carpet* and furniture first class; «., near Ninth; manaKement Prof. Foster.
tarcaln for a few days ¦
f2.'i(Xi — 3tt-rpom corner house- 2 Cots- well FIRST-CLASS piano instruction; monthly re-
eo.uipi.ed; fne location- snap; acct departure cltals. harmony and musical history free;
— — — ¦ JL. '. term* moderate. 14 McAllister St., room 57.
J1.V> — n R<~>OMS; Fourth st near R R • rent ' ' ' '
f.'W. MOSSMAN. Examiner bid?., room 411. 5f AJfIS^ S^^_iS5!_^KTSJ? t *ifi_5* del ?^
_! ¦ of Lan<ua»>es,.{20Post;estab d 1S71: ablest pro's.
FOR pale at a bargain; 8-room boarding- house- "
¦ II full; price $350. lail McAllister st ' KE - NT Law School, dcy and night: 12th year;
" _ 1 '¦ * a thorough law course. 654 Parrott building.
FOR sale — ?ll«0: good transient huuse- 13 • "
rooms; rent $>•.'». 7 Grant ave " ouse> xo GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
»-*—-—-—^^—^-—»——~— !——,______-_-________, avt.: fuil business course; day and evening.
CAUPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAM.XG. SCHOOL Of ILLUSTRATION Day and
~~-^~~^~ — ~~~~ PARTINGTON'S. 42t Pine Kt... Night class.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold is now unlver '
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carDets nn ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
floor, without removal or injury- prices mod- etc.: day or eve.: $¦"> mo. 1024 Mlrsion.nr.Cth.
erate. Arply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR -¦ ¦ -
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237. BMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
WHEN you becom- disgusted with your work GEORGE AOKI, 421 Pest st. ; tel. Bush 135 —
? end for SPAl.'LDING'S Pioneer Caxpet-beat- Japcnese-Chincse employment office; fur-
lng Works. .'I55-.'>57 Teharra «st. ; tel. South. 40. nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
EMITH'S Carpet Cleaning Co.: Al work guar- IF you want Japanese help, advertlfe In The
anteed. 3c. 1S43 15th »t.; phone Capp 1351. New World. Japanese dally paper. 353 Geary.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. IS09 Hir- A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanpse-
liccn Et.; Al cleaning, 3c; tel. Mission 225. Chinese heln. 4?0 Powell. Tel. Main 0752.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office". 415
proprietor. :gO Guerrero st.; tel. Mission 43! j Stockton: tel. Grant IBS; expert, reliable help.
TRY JIOPKE BROS, j excellent carpet-lwating- CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at ,
mattresses raa'le over.1432 Howard ;South 216. Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 42B.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter~5t7; RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
tel. Main .J04. GKO. WAI.COM & CO.. Props. flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
reasonable. LOT. Harrison Et.; ttl.Mlssion 2C3. Tel. Main 11(37. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay. |
"-^Coide* Gare ri a°ve.?t?i:p^ne t!n E^i^ : '- EMFLOV.Mli.XT WAXTCP— FE31ALE.
rni 1 rrwinvn™™ ™ DRESSMAKER and ladies' suitraaker; artistic,
COLL_CTIO.\ OFFICES. reliable; expert c-jtter and fitter; only flr.t-
r,.,-. . " 7~~2T^r~r~*~l ' "*" ' — ' — class wcrk dor.e: will eew ln families day or
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; week. MI&5 BARSS. 1024 Mission st.
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION ¦
CO.. 41 S Montgomery, rooms S-10: teJ. 5.TO0 POSITION as working housekeeper, city or
r™*— "¦^•~""~r— — —^— country; American lady; is competent to take
SPIRITUALISM "" • fuI1 chaf Ke- Address for two days box 1CJ7,
___' * Call office.
P1 l^m n^ r^/;i?^v I .n Ote<1 P* 5 " 011 ' 6 tor slate-. POSITION as housekeeper for man with chil-
»»«n? and clairvoyance; stamp for circular. dren by widow with experience. Call or ad-
1112 Lddy sty nr. Octavla: phone Scott 8S7 dress MRS. FOREMAN. 840 Webster st.,
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night. Oakland ' * - • ¦¦
30c. C19 McAllister; all private readings daily. YOUNG girl wishes position for general housa
«C0 Central ave.. near Webster. Alameda. work ar.% cooking; wages $25. Apply 242A
Attend MRS. HARLAND-S test circles evngs • , y' nth 8t -
to-night 10c; psychic readings daily. 148 Cth. WANTED— By a respectable elderly woman a
»7r7o — n™ wm — I T. 7TZ poeitlan as plain cook; Is a first-class laun-
MRS. HOLMES, trance medium. 517 McAU dress; 'small family of adults. 206 Lily ave.
luter St.; readings daily; circle to-night. ¦
* , _, — rrr AN experienced girl wishes position to care for
_I»WARD EARLE. 1C52 Ellis, readings dally, children; country preferred. Address 448
V 130 to 4; •eance* Sunday and Thursday. Sixth St.: car far*.
Do you like to go a-yachtins on our pleasant, spacious bay?
•Twill cost you all your leisure time and there's always lots to pay.
To get the leisure that you need and to earn the coin withal
There Is nothing else so helpful as a Want Ad in The Call. _
Through it you'll get a splendid place, with pood hours and wages too,
Ar.d 'tis thus you will have time to join a jolly yachting crew.AKlUViSU.
Monday, October S.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru. Bent. 28 days from
Hongkong, 17 days from Yokohama and C
days from Honolulu.
SAILED.*
Monday, October 3. •
Stmr Gualala. Johnson, - — . :
- DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA — Arrived Oct Z> — Stmr Leelanaw.
-from Nome; Br ehio SUeve IJawn. hence Sept
12. Sailed Oct S-^Schr Annie Larsen, for San
Pedro. ' ' ' ¦
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMSHIPS. -
NANTUCKET LIGHTSHIP, Oot 5.— Stmr
Anchoria. from Glasgow and Moville for New
York, oft here at 2:20 p m. Deutschland.
from Hamburg, Southampton and Cherbourg
for New York, in communication at 7 :30 p in.
\_ ' ' ¦ ? ¦ ;
• • There are \ter> 1 blacks in • Natal to one
white. ,
Late Shipping Intelligence.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 6.— This was a
day of sacrifice by train wrecks here. In
three separate accidents on the Southern
Pacific lines five men were killed out
right, four fatally injured and more than
twenty painfully hurt. The dead:
MARTIN SAYRES, laborer, aged 65,
San Francisco: skull and body crushed.
JAMES McCONNELL, laborer, 45, Los
Angeles; head crushed.
UNIDENTIFIED WORKMAN, 60, Los
Angeles; nearly every bone broken.
HENRY VOGT, 20, legs and arms
cut off.
CHARLES JOHNSON, laborer; crushed
under locomotive.
The fatally injured are: George Evans,
laborer, 29, Leadville, Colo., Internal
organs ruptured; Jose Vasques, 21, fore
head crushed in; Oscar Lucas, 30, San
Franciaco, buggy painter. Internally in
jured, was stealing a ride; C. T. Travel
llan, Cleveland, Tenn., Internally hurt.
On the Chatsworth cut-oft a work
train crashed into two cars loaded with
steel rails standing on the main line and
there three were killed. In the canyon
above Saugus on the valley division an
oil train left the track and Vogt was
killed and Lucas fatally Injured. The
track was torn up and trains were delayed
many hours. At Port Los Angeles a
switch engine ran upon C. Johnson. All
the accidents occurred within three hours.
The Chatsworth cut-off horror was most
peculiar. A hundred workmen were hud
dled on top of a pile of heavy tools aboard
a flat car, which was at the head of a
long construction train. The train flew
at giddy speed upon the loaded steel cars
and the men made frantic signals to the
engineer to stop, but failed to catch his
eye. The poor creatures rushed up and
down, warning and screaming, and finally
stampeded madly to the end of the- car to
get as far as possible .from the point of
collision.
The sudden crash shot them off their
feet as from a catapult. Some went high
in the air and one man flew fully eighty
feet. Upon them came the load of heavy
tools and construction material, crowbars,
picks, shovels, spikes, ties and angle bars,
which fell like hail upon the unfortunates.
Some of the victims were actually gouged
in mid-air by the flying missiles, while
others were battered to death on the
ground.
Though the men and debris were scat
tered over an acre, by strange coinci
dence all the deaths occurred in one lit
tle heao of scraps about four feet high.
It was as if the wreck killed, buried and
erected a monument to its victims at one
fell stroke.
At the bottom of this mound lay Mar-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
tin Sayres, the pioneer railroad builder of
them, all, who had worked as a camp
boss throughout the whole* West for
thirty years.
All the dead were brought here and
twenty Injured are in the Sisters' Hos
pital. Engineer Milton Nicholson and
Conductor L. Burns were in charge of the
train and the survivors are unanimous In
placfng the blame for the disaster c*i
Nicholson. The officials refuse to make a
statement.
Major Ducat openly complimented Col
onel Thomas F. O'Neil and the officers of
the regiment upon the discipline of the
command and its general knowledge of
camp and field dutfl Major Ducat's re
port was made direct to the Secretary of
War.
Colonel "Wilhelm's report was also com
plimentary to the regiment. In the courso
of his report he says:
The g^iard duty waa well performed, except.
In a few Instances by the recrulta. • • •
The- discipline of the re*lnv — .t was good; the
men were Very respectful ai... well behaved, as
well as neat in their appearance, both in and
out of camp, an evidence of material not found
In every regiment.
The colonel and many of the officers and
men of the regiment have had valuable experi
ence In the Government military »ervic« dar
ing the recent war with Bpain. •••>»!•
rank and rile no better men can be found to
make up the enlisted strength of a regiment
than those of the First Infantry- As a rule
they are quiet, respectful, obedient and with
out complaint; they surely had sozn« cause for
the latter during the trying inspection, lasting
from S o'clock in the morning until 12 o'clock
noon, on the open field in the oppressive heat
of the 27th day of June last at the camp la
Santa Rosa.
General Bisbee, U. S. A. (retired), was
present at the Inspection by Colonel Wll
helm and. the guardsmen say, was loud
in bis praises of the regiment's discipline
and knowledge.
Tha report of Colonel Koster. Division
Jnspector X. O. C. criticizing what, ho
terms lack of discipline and want of
knowledge of duty on the part of tha
National Guardsmen, has aroused the Irs
of the officers and members of the First
Infantry Regiment.
Th«y oar that a few weeks after tha
Inspection by Colonel Koster, at which
he formed his opinion, the regiment was
thoroughly inspected by Colonel Thomas
"Wllhelm. U. S. A., detailed by the War
Department to Inspect the guard of the
State, and by Major A. C. Ducat, Seventh
Infantry, IT. S. A., specially detailed for
inspection duty by General Arthur Mac-
Arthur. U. S. A., pursuant to orders .from
the Secretary of War; and these officers,
it Is said, reported most favorably upon
the discipline, instruction and knowledge
of both officers and men of the Guard.
Frightful Collision Hurls- a
Hundred Men From
a Flat Car.
They Point to Report of
United States Inspectors
as Vindication.
Laborers Killed in a
¦Series of Railroad
Colonel Koster's Report
Arouses Officers
and Men.
THREE WRECKS
END FIVE LIVES
FIRST INFANTRY
RESENTS CENSURE
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. MONDAY. OCTOBER 5.
City and County of San Francisco to Pauline
Schoenberg, lot on N line of Pacific avenue,
72-0 W of Octavla street, E C5 by N 137:6; — .
. Same to Mary A. Atterldge, lot on N line of
Fell 6treet, 187:6 E of Buchanan, E 27:6 by N
Same to Charles Schlnner, lot on E line of
Webster street, 112:6 N of Pine, N 25 by E
1.00 *3* ~» - ¦ -
Same to Watson & "Watson (a corporation),
lot on 3 lino of Clay street, 137:6 "W of La
guna. W 00 by S 127:8^; .
Same to Oscar H. Ferguson, lot on N line of
Lombard street. 137:6 W of Laguna. W 65 by
N 120; . ¦
• John Ewlng.to Daniel P. Ewing. lot on N
line of Turk street. 159:9 E of Webster, E 23:9
by N 120; also lot on N line of McAllister
street,- 230 E of Laguna, E BO by N 137:6; $io.
City and County of San Francisco to George
W. O'Donnell, lot .on N line of Turk street,
154:5 W of Buchanan. W. 25:11 by N 120; — --
Same to Annie M. Donovan, lot on N line of
Post street. 62:6 E of Scott, E 25 by N 87:6j
Same to Wallace Bradford. • lot on S •. line of
"Washington street. 278:"Va W of Cherry, W
9***i. S to lands described In 551 D. 63: E to
Albert L. and Violet A. Krelss to Minnie L.
Abbott (wife of A. M.). lot on NE line of East
Eighteenth street. 83 NW of Sixth avenue, NW
34 by NE 100. Oakland; $10.
Mary L. Corblt to George T. Loher, lot on N
line of Eighteenth street, 205 W of West, W
45 by N 100, block S. Barnes Tract, Oakland;
$10. -,
B. C. Hawes (administrator estate of Rich
ard Kingshott) to Mark S. Hughes, all Interest
In lot on S line of Third street. 81:3 E of Myr
tle. 8 94 by E 31:3. block 440. Oakland; $1000.
Realty Syndicate to Oakland and East Side
Railroad Company, re-record 9C6 D. 391, por
tion of lots 2 to 4 of H. C. Dohr's Homestead,
beginning at NE corner of lot 3, thence along
W line of Adeline street to point 23:6 E from
and at right angles with located line of Oak
land and East Side Railroad, SW on curved
line to Intersection with W line of said lot 33:5
S from said located line of Railroad,- thence
W across lot 2 to Intersection with E line of
San Pablo avepue, thence N 80.94. E parallel
with an 46:0 distant from eald located line,
etc.. to Intersection with E line of lot 4 and
continuing across lot 3 on curved line to Inter
section with N line of lot 3. E to beginning,
Emeryville, Oakland Township: $12,000.
Edmund and D. L. Jacobs (wife) to James
H. Jacobson. lot on NE corner of Delaware and
Fourth streets, N 100 by E 100. being frac
tional lots 17 and 18, block C7. Berkeley Loan
and Town Improvement Association, Berkeley;
$10.
Oakland Paving Company (a corporation) to
Lelitia Leonard (single), let on N line of Carl
ton street. 175 E of Fulton. N 135, E 84.86, S
135, W 73.80. portion of plat GO. Kellersber
tier's map of Rancho V. & D. Peralta, lierke
ley; $10.
C. D. and Mary A. Bates. F. W. and Carrie
G. Bllger to F. M. Williams, lot on NE corner
of Buena Vista avenue and Stanford street. E
100 by N 147:G, block 12. plan of subdivisions
of blocks 1 to 3 and 12 to 14. lands adjacent
to Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
Heron-Holccmb ¦ Company (a corporation) to
Peter and Helen Rogalskl. lot 28, block T. Al
pine Tract, Oakland, deed and agreement; $10
Allan J. Yerrick (formerly Walter J. Gould)
(single) to Mary Yerrlek (wife of Clark), lot
on N . line of Seventeenth street. 610 E of
Grove. N 10 by E 40, portion of lot 11, map
location Seventeenth etreet between Grove and
San Pablo road. Oakland; gift.
I Samuel B. McKee (single) to James 8. Nal
smlth. lot on N line of Laurel or Twenty-flfth
street. 150 W of Grove. W 50 by N 100. lot 21.
block M. map of W. F. Kelsey's Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Frances • H. Williams (widow), William A.
¦Williams, Ernest Williams, Lizzie Williams
(single) and Grace Maxwell (Williams) to Her
bert B. Henderson, lot beginning at Intersection
of a line parallel with and 100 SW of SW line
of East Tenth street and line parallel with
and 150 SE of SE line of Sixth avenue, 8W IH)
by NW 60. block 10. Clinton, Eaet Oakland; $3.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Ab
ble S. Lewis (widow), lot In cemetery, Oakland
Township; $60.
John A. and Clara E. Jones to Margaret E.
Wyman. lots 2 and 4, block 14, map of Land
regan Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Same to same. 1G2.81 acres, lots 2 and 5, and
SW quarter of NE quarter and NW quarter of
SE quarter of section 85, Township 1 8., R. 3
W.. Brooklyn Township; $10. .
Michael Heinlmann to Anna M. Helnlmann,
lot on N line of Huff avenue or Twenty-seventh
street. 125 E of Knox avenue, being at corner
of land of R. Leiske — 2S5:5, thence E. 125. S to
Huff avenue, thence along N line of Huff ave
nue to beginning, lots 4 to 7. 10 and 11, block
•» Knox Tract, Brooklyn Township; gift.
'Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and Loan Aa
poclation to Richard J. and Mary Magee. lot
22. block B, map Frultvale Station Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
. Capital Building and Loan Association (cor
poration) to F. O. Braue. lot on W line of
Caroline street. 115:3 S of San Antonio, for
merly Kings avenue, 8 40 by W 100, being N
40 of lot 144, Enclnal Park Tract,. Alameda;
$10. f^, ' ¦ . . r -:.:¦/} I..'. , : :
CM. Lambert to Jessie, L. Lambert, lot on
S line of Thirty-eighth street, 750 W of Tele
graph avenue, W 66:9, 8 44:10%. E 63:1%. N
144:y»i. lot 20, Perrln Tract, portion of plat
11. Kellers berger'B map of Rancho V. & D.
Peralta. Oakland; gift.
. Catherine and Patrick Feeny or. Feeney to
Thomas F. Feeney, lot on NW corner of
Twenty-fourth and Chestnut streets, N 100 by
W 25, block 041, map Northern Addition. Oak
land: $400.
Albert Wllford (owner) with H. T. Hind
(contractor), architect . All work for a
three-story frame - building 1 on E line of
Seventh avenue, ¦ 1S5 N of Fulton street, N
20 by E 120; $7100.
Henry E. Larson (owner) with F. C. Jones
(contractor), architects Copeland & Pelrce —
All work for a l^j-Btory frame building on
S line of Orsenwich street, 100 W of Stclner,
W 25 by S 137:6; $2200.
Fred G. Glanders (owner) with J. Frank
Ball (contractor), architect • AH work
for a one-story and basement frame building
on SE corner of Third avenue and Clement
street, 32:0 by 100; $2400.
¦ Mrs. I-ewl« Gerstle (owner) with O. E.
Brady & Son (contractors), architects Henry
H. Meyers and Clarence R. Ward — Brick,
concrete. Iron, stone and steel work and ex
cavation for a two-story basement and attic
frame bulVilnir on NE corner of Pacific ave
nue and Flllmore street, W 207, N 127:8Vi. W
Bl:2Vi, S 127:8H. E 51:2U. Western Addition
block :US: $8405.
Same owner with C. Chlsholm & Son (con
tractors), architects eame — Carpenter work,
doors, glass, hardware, lathing, mantels^ tin
ning, galvanized Iron and windows, etc., for
same on eame: $20,140.
Ed Wolf (owner) with F. A. Keen (con
tractor), architect Phllipua Schwerdt — All
work except cement, plumbing, . painting, elec
tric work, gas fixtures, tiling, mantels, Bhades
being- partly work to be completed on two
three-story and two two-story-sframe buildings
on S line of Pine street, 178:0 W of Franklin,
W 55 by 8 120; $14,600.
G. L. Page (owner) with Cameron & Disston
(contractors), architects Martens & Coffey —
All work except plumbing, shades, mantels
and gran fixtures for converting a two-story
and basement frame buildine Into flats on S
line of Laurel avenue, 1C5 E of Franklin, E
27:6 by S 120; $2740.
Affce K. Bentz (owner) with Felix Mar
cuBe (contractor), architect . All work
for a two-storv frame building (flats) on W
line of Fifteenth street, 100 S of Clement, B
25 by W 105; $3750.
California Baking Ccmpany (owner) with
William Ernst (contractor), architects H.
Gellfuss & Son — Excavatnlsr, concrete work,
oil tank, pumps, heater piping for partly two
and one story brick and frame building on
SW corner of Eddy and FlUmore streets, W
137 :tt by 8 110: $1025.
Alameda County.
Builders' Contracts.
Johanna Fenneseey to Edward Fennessey,
lot on W line of Florida street. 192:3% S of
Twenty-flfth, S 27:Stt by \V 1C0; gift.
Estate of Daniel McMillan (by Robert and
Rosctta- McMillan, executors) to Mary J. Mc-
Millan, undivided one-quarter of the follow
ing: Lot on W line of Valencia street, 200 3
of Hermann, S 50 by W 105; also lot on 8
line of Twenty-fifth street, 160 W of Noe, W
80 by S 114; also lot on N line of Page etreet,
81:3 W of Clayton. W 25 by N 100; $6450.
Joseph and Ysabelle Michel to James Pa
plna. lot on N line of Pine street. 77:6 W of
Stockton. W 40 by N 50:6; $10. *»
Same to same, lot on N line of Pine street,
117:0 W of Stockton, W 1-8 by N 50:8, quit
claim deed; $10.
Emily M. Lynde to Lollta B. Day, lot on E
line of Larttln street, 81:6 S of Sacramento, S
34 by E 176; $10.
Estate of James Hindman by
H. F. Hobson, trustee, to Aaron Herlnghl, un
divided one-half of lot on-NW corner of Eigh
teenth avenue and California street, W 29 by
N 120; $90. ¦
Alphonzo and Emma Harrington to Elizabeth
¦M. Baldwin, lot on W lino of Tenth avenue,
125 S of H street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
Orvllle D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Lilian
O'Hara- and Grace G. Ltvermore, lot on 8 line
of K street. 120 E of Forty-eighth avenue, E
37:6 by S 100: $10.
Estate of Anna R. Schendel (by Ada Schen
del, executrix) to ' George E. and Bernlce J.
Smith, lot commencing 240:8 W of Shotwell
and 70 N of Montezuroa streets, W 25:4, N
110, NE 27:2%, S 117, lots 24 and 26, gift map
3; $2000.
The 8. Ducas Company (corporation) to
Charles Hempler, lot on W line of Kosclusko
ftreet, 300 S of Crescent avenue, S 75. by W
70 lots 240, 242 and 244, Holllday map A; $10.
William P. Redington to John H. Grady, lot
on 8W corner of Holyoke and Mansell streets,
W 217, B 26, E 79:2. SE 101:1, N 151:11, lot
1. block IS, Paul Tract: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Frans
O. and. Ida C. Malmqulst, lot on SW corner of
Sixteenth and Castro streets, S 30 by W 100,
block 14. Flint Tract; $ .
point at right angle from beginning, N to be
ginning; .
Same to Louis Metrger, lot on 8 corner of
Folsom and Dore street, SE 95 by SW 65; .
-Johanna Fennesaey to Edward Fennessey,
lot on SB line of Minna street. SO SW of La
fayette, SW 25:6. SB 76, NB 23:10.. NW 75;
also lot on X line of Sycamore (Willow) street,
2S0 W of Mission. W 25 by N 100; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Warren
Bartlett. lot on N line of Twenty-flrst street.
134:10% -E- of Treat avenue. E 23:1% by N
100: •.
Susan and William M. Burness to Ludolph
H. and Ida C. Knlef, lot on N line of Twenty
second street, 62:6 E of Treat avenue, E CO by
N 65; $10.
Georgena F. Ranken to Augustus J. Ranken,
lot on NW corner of Fourteenth I and Waller
streets, N 8S by W 88, quitclaim deed; $1.
Santa Clara College to same, same; $10.
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6. 1903.
13
loaned to raisried employe*. G. W.
W* MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronlcls bldg.
3^ ON fondtttc & plsnoji; $15 up; no removal;
* V. TREMAIN. room SI. « Eddy M .. Coor 4.
• AM- loan* en <5ir.mon<3» and Jewelry 2 r<T c#nt
rr.b. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, r.^s Kearny.
fc'TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
Falariwi employes. R.311, Mutual Pav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORKELL. CC9 Examiner bldg.
MisirAL i>"stiii:me.\ts.
- AliFTwTTliK^K BABGAHJST
Bbennaa & HyJe upright $117
. FUiber <5
•• Eil:grr ;C-{
2 Kteinways $1C3 300
• 2 Ct!ick*-niigs 85 15»
2 Hein'-F 237 S,S5
Rents. ¥2 up, ; ; ; ,y on rurchaee; install-
ment*. ?1 up.
• HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.. larg-
est exclusive piano houre of the West.
AN unrlK-t piano shipped by high class East-
: • era mar."fa«:iurers w:il be fold at actual cost
to 5S»Ve return of freight. £37 Geary st.
BTETNWAT urrijrht, left by private party,
. tlt-5; a great bargain. 2T>~ Geary et.
Tiili« A r> 1^ OUR BIGGEST. EXPENSE!
• We pay no rent, a* we own the building.
• The cr.Iy reason we advertise is to let you
know we lent the best piano in the city for $5
rconih. Now we can soil you one Just th"
• tame. Our exponsrs ere so very much less
tl!«n roller firms, why r.ot investigate our prices
and Domwtl notes? Invert 5c carfare and navs
' 'from $75 to fiSO on a p'.ano. SCOTT-CUnTAZ
PIANO CO.. rif-Q-re-fd Hayes et.
YOU do not take any chances when buying
from us. Our methods are well known to be
op»n ar.d above board, "nig bargains, not
Mjr ads." is our rule. AH poods guaranteed
£« repreeented or no eale. Call and see large
artiortment cf new and used instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 7C3
• Market rt.
A STECK & GABI.ER upright, nearly r.ew.
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
chance: cash or payments; elegant high
. prade upright. 16 McAllister Ft.
A FEW good upriplit bargains from $50 up. in-
cluding Fuch makes as Chlckering. Mason &
Hamlin. Vose, Sterling. Curtaz, Kirkir.an.
Ks.!nes. Wesc-r. Pease and others. RENJ.
' * CURTAZ & SOX, 16 OTarreU st. No
.. branches in San Francisco.
¦ — 1 '
THE grefetett opportunity ever offered in San
Francisco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our retrieval we will facriflce any ln-
• etrument for cash cr installments. Call or
write for prices and terms at or.ee. KOHLER
& CHASE. Established 1S50. 30 O'FarrelL
EAND instrument*: F. Beoeon, Paris, maker;
Gu« Maiwald. Apt. Pac. Coast. 278 OTarrell;
rkillful rej.alrlne; 2<l-hand instruments sold.
Unredeemed storage pl&aos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1C36 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedai Steinway upright piano;
• perfect order: sacrifice. KeeSe*F,2S5 O'Farrell.
EOHMCR P.yron Maury pianos. Cedllan p'.ano
player. BTRON mauzt. 30S-312 Post st.
• •EUrERIOH violins, sithers. old and new. H. :
MI'LLER. maker. rcra!rer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STOItES TO LET.
ETOUE with large basement; below Keaxny
rt. ; rent $.10. Apply "36 Ctey Ft . mom 1.
PEIISOXALS^
. A— FACIAL ELEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks.
emai!;x)x'pittlr.gs and scan scientifically re- I
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
. medicines; «>ecial demcr,strat.lons this week. 1
Call or write I'll L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
•THE Star Hair nemedy rr-ctores gray hair, im-
m ' proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
%' And itching BcaJp; r.o stain or stickiness; j
cleanses ecalp: «.t drugrgists'. hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no «¦ institute. 6tar P.eTnedy Co.,1333 Polk.
»• PATRIOTS desiring President Roosevelt's Cali-
fornia Fpeectes can have tame MSt to their j
address by remitting 12 cents. T. THOMP- j
SON, 211 Grant eve., Ean Francisco. Cal.
— , — - — -^-~— — — t
BRAUN — Professor Martin, graduate masseur i
cf the Irr.p*nal University Hospital. Vienna.
Office 224 Starr King fcldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 21^
JCOT hew ch^ap but bow good Is the motto of
the rr.a.r.uf%cturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the eewing-mach!n» of to-fiay. J.
W. HVANS. agent. 1C21 Market st.
PHTEICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures x>*t-
rnar.er.tly morphine cocoaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
. -^ — — *—— — .
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co., j
1839 Polk St.; consultation free; call cr write.
REMOVAL — ER. W. C. STRATTON has re- !
rnove-d his office frcm 2255 Mission st. to j
roocis 573 and 574, Parrott bldg. (Draporiura).
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday ar.d
Sunday evenir.es at Teutonia Hall. Howard
rt.. near Ntath; management Prof. Foster.
AT lfES thin cost, uncalled for raits, overcoats j
¦nd trousers et CHARLES LTONS', London |
Taller. 721 Marktt et. i
ELEGANT r-lta on easy installments; 60 c«nu 1
and up D«r week. LEON LEMOP. 1127 '
Market rt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cure 1
the liquor habit ia 2 days or r.o charges. \
Acme UcDBT Cure Co.. 097 Market, r. 202. ]
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical anJ masquer- ;
ade costumes rented. 2C O'Farrell st.
K ECITS to crier on lr.stalln-.er.ts. $1 per week. !
tL Nf uhaus & Co.. merdi.tailcrs,727-729 Market. ;
*¦ BCPEHFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
tric t.eedle. Dr. & Mrs.Traverse.1170 Market.
THE be*t rlace to buy good umbrellas or
_ have th?m covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
XLL ttylet ha'.rdresslng 25c: hair goods; mani-
curing, 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE Rdt $7 00: dress pants *2 50.
Misf.t Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, i/.ay books, wigs,
" country or<5«-rs. GOLDSTEIN* & CO.. 733 Mkt.
•ALFP.EDUMS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
• Eur'Tfi'Jou* ha'.r and troles removed with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & Misr Eaton, 1119 Sutter.
CHEAPEST end t-est In America — Tt>«- Weekly
Call. 10 p»Ee». tent to any address In the
T"rrtT*"<1 c *7*#*s f^T i-in" year fir $1.
PALMISTRY.
UME. DEVAS — Scientific ps!n-.ist and autroio-
g\r\. Pa!m readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
-" 1 to 5. and Tuesday evenings. 133 Post Ft.
JH. JEROME FOSELLI. sclent'.nc palmist. 515
Taylor Ft . near Gtary. Phone Black 561.
" PAPEniIA\GI\G. PAIXTI.VG. ETC.
IIOO VS papered. $3 60 tip; tinting, painting.
Karttnmw Paint Co.. "519 3d rt. :tel.Ma!r. 4!H.
PHYSICIANS AXD MBGEO\!s.
. DR. C. C. O'DONNEL1< — Of floe and residence.
1CC1H Market tt.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention ioid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, fkln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market Bt.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats ell diseases cf the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary Et., near Leavenworth.
. DR. TONO PO CUT, eucceseor to Dr. Li Po
JT la!, herb doctor; cures all tfiseanes of human !
by uee of herbs and tea*. ?V7 Washlnrton »t-
• V."Or-G WOO. the famous herb drtctor^ — All dls-
¦eases cured by Chinef herbs. 74C-S Clay st.
PIAXOS AXD ORGANS.
• __„___ «
I'AKT of our li»t of bargains la becond-haxtii
1 :• ». not fcr SeKtcxnber, JV/03:
Original
Price. Now.
1 FTEINWAT & SONS—
Rcfcewood care, large eite, t 1-3
octaves, beautiful tone, in excel-
lent condition $725 $373
I A. B. CHASE—
Mahccar.y case. largest size, full
«>.:.«¦-•»¦• music rack, three pedals.
. very iutc-st rtyle, cannot be told
irtra a :.•¦¦¦¦ p'.ano 650 400
1 BTEINWAV & SONS—
Waiout ca«e, email size, 7 1-3
cciaii:. nearly new. • beautiful
tone, in fine condition 623 473
1 4-TEINV.AT & KONS —
iltLhotany cai.e. larg« sire, latest
f.ii%. 7 1-S octaves, c&ncut be told
from new 750 623
JAB. CHASE GRAND—
Mthcgany caise, in perfect condi-
tion, only used three month* S00 t73
1 . ETEINWAY & SONS BAIif
GRAND—
Ebon:z*-<J case, in ose a very
. *bort time and equal to new S50 730
Alao a large number of equare planoa
ranging «n jirice from $23 to $250. and chapel
trd parlor organ* from $20 to $150.
Complete lift furnished cr. application at
cur etore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
<"VtrT>r Kearny and Sutter gts.
XYJPE\% lUTEItS A\D StPPLIES.
GREAT 13ARGAIN!TTN'TYPEVViRITERSl- W«
tell better machines for less rr.on-y than any
house in the city; rentals *3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 533 California; telephar.e Main 2C«.
, A FEW good typewriters at $30 ea^h; get par-
ticuUrs. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
ecmery ct.
I TD-HAJo-D typewriters rold. rented, repaired.
• Webster Typewriter Inr.pec. Co.. 5M Market.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
:6 pares, la wrapper, fcr maillnc, {1 per year.
i HEAL ESTATE — CITY — -FOR SALE, j
1 $17.'.0— UNION-ST. lot«, on sunny e\fo, with '
ptand marine view; easy payment?; ready 1
for building; cars pas*: street sewered, etc.; j
1 cheapen lots in Western Addition.
W. J. GUNK,
T>3i> California st.
ONE l«ft— Or.ly $1H2:; a bargain: choice build-
ins lot: in that very desirable location, west
side Sixth ave., north of I^ake St.; 25x120;
pradrd and all ftreet work done; gas. water
and electricity on ftrcet; a few steps from j
electric cars; ca.«h or «-a5>- payments; policy .
of title InFursnce covers the lot. lfsued by
Cal. Title Insurance and Trust Co. ¦>'"¦- 1
5S0" California St. '
; — — 1
SEEK a home in the suburb of Frisco
And your et mines with sense will be spent;
i Your wlf* and her children will ble*s you
And rejoice in a home free from rent.
i ?50 will purchase a lot for a home
With title all perfect and true.
! In <=ight of orcan with steamer and ship, '
Sailing over its water eo blue.
These 'ots must b? fo\A at a sacrifice.
' THIPTLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
¦ BAKGAIX Two handsome new residences cf
0 rooms nnd bsth: sunny, modern end up tr>
date in every particular; Ncs. 900 and 90S
Clayton rt.. near Golden Gate Park: price I
J5Ki-» and $M0O. Apply R. D. CRANSTON ;
& EONS. 114 Montgomery el 1
1 $230 DOWN and ?25 per month: new cottage, j
5 r. & *>•: lot 30x150. Cottage, 4 r. & b. for I
! 52100; 2T:h st. ; sunny cottage. 5 .r. * b. ; 2Sth; 1
¦ HSOO— It w !' 1 p«y you to look at these snajjs. i
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission St. |
! $11,500; RENT $1200 per year; not yet com- j
Dieted but rented; 3 marine-view flats; north
tide Union St., *ast of Webster; every room
Is nni will be tunny; every possible latest
improvement. Apply on premises after 2 p. m.
1 11OVSK, 7 large sunny room* and finished base-
ment: everything up to date; tinted and deco-
rated; terras to suit. See owner, 1320 Castro
Ft., near Twenty-fourth.
' NHAT cottage with modern Improvements;
terms snme as paying rent. Apply owner.
Lumber yard. S. E. corner Alabama and
Montcalm sts.
! $2100 — o-TlOOM house with stable of 4 stalls
nnd large hay loft; part cash if necessary;
Mission. Box 1C7S. Call office^
i $11,000 — FOR sale, SE. cor. O'Farrell and Hol-
lis. p.ixOrt, with improvements. Inquire 1511
OFftrrell «t.
j BT'ILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at C per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
I A BARGAIN: lot 25x100: Mission St., near
29-.h. App'.y Owner, CS4 A*h ave.
RKAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
J2750 — 120 ACKES; COO range; sell or lease,
$275; orchard and vineyard best in State;
can visit cHy and return same day; 3H miles
to town; old age reason for selling. J. W.
£., box 40CO. Call office.
! 2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park, Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good house;
chicken-houses, water: reasonable; chickens,
duck». R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
I ALALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyard?; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 649
Market st.
LUMBER land — 0C0 acres redwood timber land
with new sawmill in Sonoma County will be
sold at a bargain. Box 40*58. Call.
SH-ACRE improved poultry ranch for sale at
bargain. Mrs. Molatt. Cotatl, SonomaCo., Cal.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON & KENDRICICPetaluma.
1 A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call,
5C page?, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
POIVT niCHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
WATER front Iot3 and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
!
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUSX WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit treea; near
train and schools; only J2s~.iv i o t 75x125.
Nice £>-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 141C 1500 Park st. Alameda.
ALAMEDA FCRMSHED HOUSES.
I _
j FOR rent — Nicely furnished house in Alameda;
reasonable to responsible party; owner leav-
lng for the East. Address box C 632. Call.
i BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
1 — — —^— —^_ _ -^-^^____^__^_
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
! CHESTY & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
$7500 — COO feet on Clarcmont are.; will sell
' this as a whole or in lots of 100 feet frontage.
$CI0 — Bonta ave.; hillside lot. 80x175; xaa-
i rice view; fnap.
Factory site on water front and railroad;
i West Berkeley: $10 per front foot.
$33oQ — C-room house, new; near ear line;
J etreet work done; easy terms. |
1« lots near Grove et. ; $400 to $500; lnstall-
! xnents.
CCO feet en water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for Eale; Just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
J. J. MASON.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
Choice Property a Specialty.
EE cor. Efcattuck ave. and Center st.
- Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A NICE home; here's one you ought to buy if
you are looking for a cheap and good one and
plenty of ground; only a cozy cottage of 2
rooms; good well of water; fine chicken run;
a grand fruit orchard: improvements thrown
in; the jpot is an ideal one; away from
winds and fog. adjoining East Oakland; y
large lots fenced; 130x220; here'* a bargain;
price all told, $1100; $350 cash, $10 monthly;
line school: easy walk to cars, 100 feet from
a 75-foot wide avenue. Ca'.l or send for cir-
cular, 4M Seventh Ft., opp. Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
OAKLAND FCHXITL'RE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.,cor.store.Oaklnd.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 6S, of fifty
cents (50c) per ehare en the issued capital
ttock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, .rooms 202-
204-20»( Hayward building, San Francisco, on
October 10. liW.3. Transfer books dose Octo-
ber 3. UX>3. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
OFFICE nf Eierra. Hallway Company of Cali-
fornia, No. 229 Crocker bldg., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. Oct. 1. 1903 — Coupon No. 13. due
Oct. 12, 11)03, from first mortgage 6 per cent
bondc, cf the Sierra Railway Company of
California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
§of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco, Cal., on and
after that date.
P. P. FRKFHMAN. Treasurer.
SPECIALISTS. ,. ~
CATAnRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles'. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps fcr particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return msil. Ask your druggist.
s Chicheyter Chemical Co.. Phlladglphla. Pa.
SEWING MACHINES :^_"_ _»PPPLIKS
NEW HOMti eewmg macnii«, this week only,
$10, $15, $20; slightly used; needles 20c dox. '
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SHm'S TO LIST*
PATTERN ehop to rent, with power; cheap.
Von Serkey Gas Engine Co., 219 Main st.
STOIiAGE A\D WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household gods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7J1 Howard at., near Third; phone Orant ltil.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLJN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12ti.
GOLDEN Wetst Storage; advances made; 840
Mlsslcn st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Etorape and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2H20 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et.: teL Ualn 1810. EhlDDlne at cut rates. r
1 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
, nished sunny suite, with separate sunny
1 kitchen; gas range; all complete for house-
ke<?rine: $15 up. v
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern, 4-5
room apartments: fur. or. unfur. for hskpg.
BUCHANAN, C05 — Largo alcove room and
kitchen for housekeeping.
ELEVENTH. 230— Two sunny housekeeping
j rooms, with gas; quiet house; no children.
j ELLIS. CS. r >, cor. LarkJn — Front bay-window
i - alcove; mantel and kitchen; gas stove.
I FIFTH. 11O— Second flat; nicely furnished bay-
j window rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable.
1
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 1404— Large rooms for
housekeeping; rrasonable.
j HnUUKItT (The) — Su-nny apartments for
j houK«keeplriK; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
, r.ishtd. 1630 Polk at.
f KICAHNY. 104^ — Sunny front suite, $11. unfur.
nis-hed; no children.
OAK, 117 — Nicely furnished suites; gas range,
hot bath, laundry; $2 25 a week up; adults.
SEVENTH. 191— Housekeeping rooms; nice
bay-window rooms.
STOCKTON. I2C8. Model House — Front rooms,
I new furnished. $5; phone, gaa, bath, sunny.
i TEIIAMA. 43— Two sungy housekeeping rooms.
I THE Gillespie, 119 Ninth st.— Nicely furnished
1 rooms, tl 60 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
J CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
! received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st.
APARTMENTS FOR. HOUSEICEEPIXG.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pine st.,
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a euperb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
• the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the convenience* of hotel life; prices very
reasonable. ¦
IIOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and IJnfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market «t. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c, $1. $1 Ii0 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURN ETtT lilFo Market (old No. 1364)-.Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite. Blngle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1011 — Vtry large sunny room; also
email room; running vater, bath, phone; pri-
vate home.
CALIFORNIA, 2304 — Nicely furnished room;
bath; convenient to cars; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE, 1010 — Swell furnished parlor suite
with piano; lower floor; one single room; rent
reasonable. ¦» S
FOURTEENTH. 132A— A nice furnished room
with bath and phone for gentlemen; . rent
reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms BOo
to $1 CO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
MCALLISTER, 110^— Nicely furnished rooms.
MISSION, 1514, near 11th — Large, sunny front
room, large closet; smaller one, $1 CO week.
NEWLY furnished sunny front bay-window
room and bath in private family, ?S; north of
Market et. ; references. Box 060, Call office.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to f I 50; week, |2
to (8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 1105 — Furnished bay-window room;
closet; runn'g water;grate;$14;llght housekpg.
THE FALMOUTH. 1049A Market rt. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
TWELFTH, 22 — A Sunny front room furnished;
eultable for one or two gentlemen.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
(1 75 to $U w»ek; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10U6
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
ELEGANT large sunny alcove room; also an-
other; gas. bath, running water; first-class
board: private family; no children; phona.
1224 Golden Gate ave.
STEVENSON Mansion, 607 California st.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; tingle rooms; choice locality; ref.
GOOD home for old lady or gent; terms, $20
to $25 per month. 55 Harriet Rt.
ROOMS AND BOARD WAXTED. .
BOARD and rooms in private family by lady
and gentleman: where there are no other
guests preferred. Box 1679, Call office.
ROOM with board In private family by elderly
man; state price; quiet Box 40G5, Call office.
BOARD and lodging, private family: terms rea-
sonable. Address I. C. Rels, Netherland Hotel.
STITTERIXG * y P STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cur«
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
MARRIAGE ILICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
Loren E. Hunt, 33, city, and Jessie S, Eas-
ton. in), city. ..
Heinrlch Homberger. 29, 1421 Van Ness
avenue, and Elizabeth C. O. Tautpars, 29, 1520
California street.
Pylvain Jalbert, 44, 1220 Powell street, and
Jeanne E. Lauga, 3S. 251 8 Howard street.
Saviro Castellan. 22. 1811*4 Mason street,
and Angelina Calonlco, 21, 11 Union place.
Despard D. Baker, 2fl. San Joee, and Ger-
trude E. Aldrich, 22, 205 Eleventh street.
Michael J. Costello, 25, 410 Natoma street,
and l>ella K. Farrell. 20, 417 Grove street.
Samuel ' >.- Livingston, 27, Sacramento, and
Nellie Murphy, 24, Sacramento.
Ccaser Zurinl, 38, olC Faciflc street, and
Mary Madonna, 25, 614 Broadway.
James J. Flshburn. 45, Fruitvale, and Jen-
nie R. 'McClellan, 44, city.
Andrew D. Halkett, 27, 1633 WebBter street,
and Maggie C. Morton, 19, 1103 Page street. .
A. William Grant, 26, f.27 Halght street,
and Minnie J. Beeby, 25. 337 Grove street.
John Norrlga, 30, 17 Mces street, and | Kate
M. Cooper. 24, 3943 Seventeenth street.!
Carston C. Schroeder, 34, 100 Freelon street,
and Kathrlna A. Heins, 24, 709H Hampshire.
George K. Cole-man, 21, Eureka, and Rosetta
A. Zane, IS. Eureka.
Giacoma Fragulia, 34, city, and Assunta <le
Roeliery, 29, city.
Robert O. Fenton, 23, 1273 Mission street,
and Cerea Reed, 15, 1273 Mission street.
Henry R. Overndlek, 34, city, and Kate M.
von Bargan, 20, city.
Jein Lun Lane. 27, Santa Barbara, and
Chew Kum Lon. 1*. «20 Sacramento etreet.
BIRTHS— MARRI AGES— DE ATHii.
Birth, marriage and death notices eent b>
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
boIn.
BARRETT— In this city, October 4, 1003, to
the wife of E. T. Barrett, a daughter.
BLAKE— In this city. September 30, 1903, to
tha wife of Sumner Iverson Blake, a daugh-
ter.
BIGGART— In Alameda, October 3, 1903, to
the wife of John Blggart, a son.
FAWCETT— In thU city. October 5, 1003, to
the wife of Samuel Fawcett, a daughter.
HAVERTY— In this city. September 7. 1903.
to the wife of J. J. Ilaverty. a daughter.
MANNIE — In this city, September 20, 1903,
to the wife of C. O. Mannie, a son.
MEEK— In this city, October 4, 1003, to thb
- wife of Thomas H. Meek, a son.
SULLIVAN— In Oakland, October 1, 1003. to
the wife of Daniel P. Sullivan, a son.
"married^
JAMIESON— COUCHMAN— In this city. Oc-
tober 4, 1903, by Frank S. Ford, -pastor of
the, First Christian Church, Thomas Qeorge
Jaraieson of San Francisco and Katherine
Couchman of Sunnyvale.
MOORE — BROOKS — In this city, October 4
1903, by Frank 8. Ford, pastor of the First
Christian Church, William S. Moore and
Ella R. Brook*, both of San Francisco.
PETERSEN— MILLER— In this city, October
3, 1003. by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Christian
Petersen and Mary Miller.
~ ~~ DIED. • „ T
Bridge, Herbert Klrsch. Elizabeth
Brown, Clara Lacoste, Vincent
Callan, Nellie V. Lievre, Adele.
•Cousins, Abble J. McCarthy. Jeremiah ; ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of the CONDITION AND AFFAIRS of the
NATIONAL FIRE SPRINGFIELD
INSURANCE COMPANY rinn A am MipiKTC
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF * IRE Alii/ iflAlllnC
Connecticut, on tha 31st day of December.
A. r>. 1902. and for the year ending on that INSURANCE COMPANY
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner i«wu»i*nuu UUMrAJll
of the State of California, pursuant to th« pro- -. r spruvcPIELD IV thp B-n-rm rra
visions of section. 610 and 611 of th. Political O MJsach^tur o?'th^ Sllt^ay" T^eS
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the b*r. A. D. 1902. and for the year ending oa
Commirsloner: that d *T. •• made to th« Insurance Commls-
CAPITAL. ,sloner of the Stats of California, pursuant t»
, « T. ,. ">• Provisions of Sections tlOmU eilof ta«
Amount of Capital Stock, paid op Political Code, condensed as per blank (iu?
in Cash $1,000.000 00 nUhed by th. Commissioner. «»*a«rar-
= CAPITA!*
ASSETS. --,-„--- Anumat of Capital Stock, paid up
Real Estate owned by Company. ..$ 873.680 «9 in Cash I200O0M 00
Loan, on Bonds and Mortgages... 580,465 00 ' WW * W ' ,
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ASSETS.
and bonds owned by Company.. 4.7TT.SM 00 Real Estat. owned by Company..! 22T.B0O 0*»
Cash in Company's Office 913 40 Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 033.630 00
Cash in Banks 430.719 4» c *«h Market Valu. of all Stock*
S£i2nf«- due Oun* of Coilec- *£*£»$ IS^^^SST^ *
tlon W*. 213 04 pledg. of Bonds. Stocks and
! other marketable sccuritiea mm
Total Assets $8,206,393 71 collateral ••••"• 21.87S ©•
— cash In Company's Offlee 4 171 oi
ft.tjtfTTTra Cash In Banks 116,844 03
LIABILITIES. Interest due and accrued on mil
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 71,283 33 Stocks and Loans 80.T31 «7
Losses In process of Adjustment or Interest due and accrued on
in Suspense 278.CT1 M Bond, and Monies. .. . 13.543 «1
Losses^Tisted. including expense, 23.896 43 Premium. In du. co^™. of Col-
Gross premiums on Plro Risks run- Rents due and accrued.... I! II I II '. an M
ring ono year or less. $2,800.- .
670 87; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1,400.833 43 Total Assets $3,134,591 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- . ..-
nlng more than one year. $3,134,- LIABILITIES.
158 64; reinsurance pro rata. ... 1.723.200 18 Losses adjnst«d and unpaid 43,163 31
Reserve for contingencies SO. 000 00 Losses In process of Adjustment
All other liabilities 107,634 93 . OP ta Suspense...... 908,813 SI
All otner »»»'"»" Losses resisted, including exprases 34.703 33
—"——"--— Gross premiums on Flw Risks
Total Liabilities 13.654,600 9? runnln* on. year or less. $3,183.-
-^= 663 40; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 1.082,831 TO
INCOME. Gross premiums, on Fir. Risks
Net cash actually received for Fir. V\/ . running more than on. year. $2.-
inbx wso »v lu *'" . , _. „ j. 074.832 63; reinsurance pro rat*. 1 133_«2l us
premiums $i,276,263 04 ComialM , ona and Brokerage, da. W
Received for Interest on Bonds and b«»ra. due 128.971 7S
Mortgages .....••• 86,138 37 ________
Received for Interest and dividends ToUl Liabilities $2,643,321 84
en Bonds. Stocks. Loans and *^w ¦¦
from all other sources 169,222 72 INCOME.
Received for Rents 18,121 63 Net cash actually received for
Received for croflt on sale or ma- n rin !»*«>»«"»»• •¦"• •• $2.»10.S*IO CS
Purity of ledger assets W.W 43 lUc^^mu™-. oa Bond.
.' ;:¦' ;rt : T" _,.„._ _ Received for Interest and dividend.
Total Income $4,549,053 23 on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
— = from all other courcea 158.338 SO
EXPENDITURES. Received for Rents «.t«7 37
$ T> 3 a (j6 d .7« r 93?7o 9 -^ 9 :' Tot.. Incon- ;«,,_,«. «.
previous years) $2.1 4.1. 647 00 EXPENDITURER
Dividends to Stockholders... 120.000 00 amonnt paM for -^ j^
Paid or allowed for Commission cr (including $386,271 83. losses ct
Brokerage 797,247 68 previous years) $1,703,110 71
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 247.008 21 Paid or allowed for Commission
Pa C ld a foTst.te. National and Local %?SSS£'i^^«& ™' U1 "
taxes lSJ.Bzn «J charges for ofneers. clerks, etc. 133,89173
All other payments and expendl- p a id fcr State. National and Local
tures 844.24119 taxM 108.7M 17
_________ All other payments and expendl-
Total Expenditure .$3.789.971 06 ture » i. ...... -73.181 18
~.< . _, = rota! Expenditures $2:991^37 19
# Fire. -;•-.- — -
Losse. incurred during the year.. $2.154.309 83 „ „
RISKS and Premiums. Fire Risks. PremlW Rlgka and p,.^^,, rtr . Rlsk3 . p-^ST
N wrl^n^iurin/'the N.t amount of Risk.
yYar . . ......?. - - • - $570,422,357 $3,863,471 86 written durin* »*•__-,„„_,,. , ._ „. M
Net amount of Rl«ks . T*" $344.12«,88« $4,147.1*8 83
exnlred during the Net amount of Risks |
%l?*.. '.... . 4S6.S5S.6S3 4,573.957 23 «P««<» «urln, th. |
Net amount In force «? WnVWTr,;;;; 833 - 814 - 76O l 8 « T27 ' 234 4 »
Decembers, 1002.. 604.626,834 5,034,8-7 51 >&ggg J fflg 373. 738.W 4.260,218 03
JAMES NICHOLS. President. — a w r>A\trw t>-^ — '
B. R. BTILLMAN. Secretary. &. jj mXckAT. *£.
Eubrcribed and sworn to before ma. this Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
12th day of. January. 1903. day of January. 1»OX PERCT 8. QATE3.
FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public * ___ Notary Publla.
SAN FRANCISCOTCITY) AGENCY, SAN FRANCISCO (CITY) AGENCY,
209 Sansome St. LOUIS L. JANES COMPANY, AGENTS,
AHPEL & BRUCKHAN, Agents. Hayward Building.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
306-31O - - -. - - - HAYWARD BUILDING.
GEO. D. DORNIN, GEO. W. DORNIN,
• .„.;;;,.-. Manaorer. Assistant Mana^W.
Foppiano, Pletro Peakes, Watson Dyer
Ghlo, Felice • Rooney, Ermltwie ¦ .
Hastings,. Frederic Silva, Frank
Heaney, Thomas F. Staud, Florence M.
Hughes. Thomas ' Ward, Christopher .
Kelly. Margaret T. Waugh. Herbert H.
BRIDGE— In Fruitvale, October 3, 1903. Her-
bert, belove.d brother of Thomas and Hannah
Bridge and Mrs. Jane Edwards, a native of
England, aged 50 years 1 month and 20
daya. >:
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 *' clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bessie J. Wood & Co.." 112S
Twenty-third avenue. East Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
October D, 1903, Clara Brown, a native of
California, aged 28 years.
CALLAN— In this city. October 4, 1903, Nel-
lie V., beloved daughter of Thomas J. and
May V. Callan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 10 months and 6 days.
ETThe funeral wHl take place to-day
(TueEda.y), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 860 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth. Interment
private in Holy Cross Cemetery. ' \
COUSINS— In Alameda. October 4, 1003,' Ab-
ble J. Cousins, beloved wife of Captain N.
E. Cousins, • loving mother of Alice Judklns
and sister of A. D. Carvlll, Mrs. G«orge II.
Pippy of SaJi Francisco and Mrs. J. ¦ M.
Steadman of Portland, , Me., a native of
Maine.
ICTFriencs are respectfully Invited to at-
tend funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10:30 o'clock, at her late residence,
corner Clinton and Lafayette streets, near
Chestnut-street station, narrow-gaugo rail-
road, Alameda. Please omit flowers. Inter-
ment private.
I FOPPIANO— In ' this city, October 4, 1903,
: Pietro Foppiano, dearly beloved husband of
the late Rosa Foppiano, beloved father of
Nicola Fopdano and Mrs. Leveronl. grand-
father of Edward, Peter. Frank and Mario
Leveroni and RoBa Foppiano. and father-in-
law of Frank Leveronl and Emelia Foppiano,
a native of Cicagna. Italy, aged 72 years 4
months. and 10 days.
ICTFrlendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 421 Green street, between Dupont and
Kearny. N. B. — At 9 o'clock the same day
there will be celebrated at Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church a requiem high mass
for the repose of his soul. Iwterment Italian
Cemetery.
GHIO— In this city, October 6, 1903, Felice
Ghio, a native of Italy, aged 82 years.
HUGHES— In this city, October 0. 1903,
Thomas Hughes, a native of Wisconsin,
aged 40 years. . .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from the Chapel of tha Pas-
sion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repeso of his soul, commencing at
7 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of Mc-
Avoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
" Cemetery by 11 o'clock train from Third and
Townaend streets.
HASTINGS — In this city, October -6, 1903,
Frederic Hastings, beloved husband of May
A Hastings, and father of Irene G. Hast-
ings, a native of Oswego, N. Y., aged 42
years 4 months and 28 days. (New York
¦ papers please copy.)
¦ (ETFuneral will be held to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock. Odd Fellows'
Hall, under the auspices of Apollo Lodge,
I. O. O. F. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
HEANEY — In this city. October 6, 1003,
Thomas F. Heaney, a native of New York,
aged CO years.
KIRSCH— In this city, October 3. 1903, Eliza-
beth Klrsch, beloved mother of Rudolph E.
Klrsch, a native of Germany, aged 66 years.
A member of Sherwood Circle fJo. 129, Com-
panions of the Fore«t.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mls T
slon street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KELLY — In Oakland, October B, 1903, Mar-
garet T-, beloved wife of John B. Kelly, and
daughter of the late Maurice and - Margaret
White, a native of Philadelphia, aged 43
years 2 months and 17 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1S03 Grove street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a requiem
high maes will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Bt. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
LIEVRi: — In this city. October 4, 1003, Adele,
beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Xavler
Llevre, and elster of Louisa. Constant and
the late Maria Lievre, a native of Detroit,
Mich., aged 29 years 9 months and 21 day*.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of J. S. Godeau, 306 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to the French Church,
where mass will be said, commencing at
0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LACOSTE— In this city, October 4. 1908, Vin-
cent, dearly beloved husband of Marie La-
coste, and loving father of Jean M. Pier*,
Jean B., Rosie, Emilie and Adeline Lacoste,
a native of France, aged 58 years.
CyFTiends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to French Church of
Notre Dame des Victolres. where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. October 3. 1903,
Jeremiah McCarthy, beloved husband of the
late Ellen McCarthy, and father of P. F..
J. J. and J. W. McCarthy, Mrs. John Con-
way and Mrs. D. G. Klngsley, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 73 years 3
months and 9 days.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lale
residence, 129 Welsh street, thence to St.
Rose's Church. Brannan street, -between
Fourth and Fifth, where a solemn requiem
high mass will bo celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
PEAKES — In thU city. October 4, 1903, Wat-
pon Dyer, beloved son of James B. and Olive
S. Peakes, a native of Maine, aged 35 years
3 months and 20 days.
(O^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
from hln late residence, 412 McAllister
street, to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, fcy carriage.
ROONEY— In this city. October 4," 1903, Er-
minnle, beloved daughter of Peter M. and
Caroline Rooney, and sister of Adalaide and
Alice M. Rooney, born in Spreckelsvllle,
Maul, T. H., aged 20 years and 25 days. '
SILVA— In this city, October 2. 1903, Frank
Sllva, etepfather of Mrs. W. Woodley and
Walter Silva, a native of Portugal, aged 75
years.
(rTFilends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission Etreet.
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at W o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's "Cemetery, Oakland.
STAUD— In this city, October 3, 1903, Flor-
ence M. Staud, dearly beloved and only
daughter of Nicholas J. and Nellie Staud,
stater of Hurry Staud, and granddaughter of
the late Thomas and Mary Quinn, a native
of San Francisco, aged 14 years 11 months
and 21 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1238 Church etreet,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-flfth,
thence to St. James Church, corner Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
high maEB will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WAUGH— In this city, October 3, 1903, Her-
bert il.. beloved husband of Annie Waugh,
* and father of Louise Waugh, a native of
Brooklyn, N. Y-, aged 44 years. A member
Of Court Precita No. 3308, Independent Order
of Foresters, and S. F. D. C, Local 472.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 25)4 . Chattanooga street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Thirtieth
street and San Jose avenue, at 1:30 o'clock.
WARD — In this city, October 4, 1903, Christo-
pher, beloved husband of Delia Ward, and
father cf Joseph B. Ward, a native of Ire-
land.
ETInterment private. ¦ ¦
F. J. Monahan, President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.)
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-23*1 Mission st. Telephone Mission 3 1.It was alleged that Nerio's property
was an obstruction on Hooper street and
that he had defied the orders of the Board
of Public Works that he remove his build
ings.
When Policeman Beach and the laborers
with him proceeded to tear down the
building owned by Nerio a squabble
arose. Nerio is alleged to have threatened
A SQUAD of employes of the Board
of Public Works, under the com
mand of Policeman J. N.
Beach, proceeded yesterday morn-
Ing to demolish' the saloon and
residence of Valentine Nerio, Sixth and
Hooper streets, in accordance with In
structions of Michael Casey, president of
the Works Board.
Children like Plso's Cure, j It la pleasant to
take and cure* their coughs. At druggists, 25c. •
Talks on Nature Sculptors
Charles Keeler delivered an able lecture
last night before the California Associa
tion of Sciences. He chose for his subject
"Some Nature Sculptors and Their
Work." He proved himself thoroughly
conversant with the theme, and a large
»udlence listened with rapt attention to
fcls discourse.
All skin complaints quickly succumb to
tte use of Koenigsteln's Red Salve. •
Fred H. Hastings, who for many years
held a prominent position in the freight
auditing department of the Southern Pa
cific Company in this city, died after a
short illness at his home, 230 Scott street,
last evening. Mr. Hastings was also a
prominent member of the National Union,
having been president of California Coun
cil, secretary of the San Francisco Cab
inet and for two years a member of the
Senate, the highest legislative body of
the order. He was exceedingly popular
in the order and one of the most earnest
workers for it. He was also a member
of the Odd Fellows and of the San Fran-
Cisco Society of New Yorkers. He leaves
a wife and a daushter.
Death of F. H. Hastings.
; The orchestral music by the Association
Orchestra, under the direction of. C. E.
Robson, added greatly to the evening's
enjoyment. •
Others who took part were: S. Toucns,
Miss E. C. Rogers, Howard Hogan, James
Lewis, S. Wall, R. N. Hamlin and H. J.
McCoy.
Mr. Breed, a Vermont squire, E. C.
Davis; Harry Breed, A. B., his son, Wil
liam Melander; Tom Burnham, J. Frauen
knecht; Flora Strong, Mr. Breed's niece,
G. R. Brockman; Mrs. Breed, A. C*
Deckelman.
The principal feature of the entertain
ment .was the farce entitled "Chums,"
which was cast as follows: ¦'^•"V
The fall opening of the Young Men's
Christian Association educational depart
ment took place last night In the auditor
ium of the Building. A large crowd was
in attendance. The programme was
varied and interesting, and was capitally
carried out from beginning to end.
Young; Men's Christian Association
Educational Department Enter
tains Many Friends.
Entire Market Street System Is Tied
Up by Accident at Power
House.
Residents of the city who are in the
habit of patronizing the cable lines of the
United Railroads in their dally travels
were forced to a full appreciation of the
convenience j of that system . yesterday
afternoon.
Shortly before 6 o'clock. Just at one of
the busiest times of the day, the cars
stoppe'd moving. It was soon learned
that a shaft, used to hold in place the
pulleys through which the cablfe is con
ducted in and out of the power-house at
Valencia and Market streets, had broken
and that traffic would be discontinued for
many hours.
Late last evening It was announced by
the railroad officials that the cars would
be running again this morning. .
It pays you to let us do your printing-, and
you don't have to worry. Mysell-RolUns, 22
Clay, do nrst-claai work. Phcne Main 6051. •
Half the novels printed in France are
exported. " ' . . .
The final trial of the night was between
the plasterers and the bricklayers and
proved a most stubborn match. From
the sound of Referee Sullivan's pistol the
bricklayers bent to their work with a vim
and before their opponents could get to
gether grained a cleat on them. For more
than fourteen minutes the indicator was
at a standstill, when suddenly the plas
terers, with mighty effort, backed up and
pulled their opponents over the line
Time. 14:20. &
In the other contests the carpenters de
feated the carmen in twenty seconds the
teamsters outpulled the bridge workers In
forty-five seconds and the longshore lum
bermen, after a stubborn trial that lasted
rnore than two and a half minutes
dragged the team of laborers over the
line. The electrical engineers defaulted to
the cement workers. Ackerson. the an
chor man of the electrical engineers be
cause of a strain and on the advice of
his physician, withdrew and the team felt
that it was handicapped without him.
The tournament will continue until Sat
urday evening.
The first nijrht of the second week of
the tug-of-war tournament in aid of the
fund for the Church of the Holy Re
deemer brought a large crowd to Central
Park last nlzht.
The contests were, as a rule, short
though two of the events had the spec
tators at a fever heat. It took the team
of plumbers nearly fifteen minutes to
pull the horseshocrs over the dead line
During that time the farriers held a firm
grip on the hawser and refused to budge
from their position until a mighty tug
from their heavier opponents forced them
to defeat.
SPIRITED STRIFE IN
TUG OF WAR CONTESTS
Plasterers Defeat Bricklayers After a
Trial That Last* Nearly
Fifteen Minutes.
Fischer's.
"The^ Paraders" broke the record for
successes at Fischer's Theater last night.
The little playhouse has never been more
crowded, and never has one of its audi
ences been more liberal with its applause.
After the first act a couple of wagon
loads of floral pieces and bouquets went
over the footlights, and the stage had the
appearance of a conservatory. Then every
one made a speech, including Charles
Jones, the stage director, and Raymond
W. Peck and Robert Hood, the authors
of book and music, respectively.
The songs are all new and the tunes to
most of them will soon be whistled on the
street. "My Alameda Rose," sung by
Miss Amber, scored the biggest hit of
them all last night. The audience seemed
¦to want to keep the throat-weary young
lady singing until daylight, but the cur
tain finally put a stop to it.
The musical comedy Is an agreeable
change from the burlesque, which has
had so long a run at Fischer's. The new
style of entertainment furnishes opportu
nities for all the stars to cast forth as
much radiance as before, and there are
just as many humorous sayings and com
ical absurdities as ever.
The scene is laid at Coronado Beach
and the characters are summer girls and
sailors from the California training ship
Mohican.
The- chorus has made a great stride for
ward from a vocal standpoint. Its mem
bers execute a difficult drill very cleverly.
Bernard played the part of a bad man
from Texas, and was never funnier. Kolb
and Dill worked together. They held to
their linguistic gymnastics and horseplay,
but " did plenty of laughter-provoking
stunts besides. Winifred Blake and
Maude Amber never appeared to better
advantage. The latter, incidentally, had
some exceptionally stunning: gowns. Ger
tie Emerson and Flossie Hope had some
new and bewildering dances. Harry
Hermsen and Eleanor Jenkins sang hu
morous songs, which were greatly appre
ciated. .
The costumes are rich and appropriate.
The stage settings, particularly that rer>I
resenting the deck of the man-of-war,
are unusually fine. The music Is all ex
cellent and the singers do it justice.
Chutes.
Fischer and "Wacker, the comic Tyro
lean duetists, and Larkins and Patterson,
the clever colored couple, are the head
liners at the Chutes this week, and they
pleased large audiences afternoon and
evening yesterday. Louie Dacre, the "fun
ny lady," sang new parodies and made
fun of herself In a way that brought
down the house, the Grierson sisters
changed their songs and dances and Ex
cella, the pretty contortionist, continued
to tie herself in knots. May Lamson, the
popular contralto, in illustrated songs
and the animatoscope with new and amusl
ing moving pictures completed the pro
gramme. The amateurs will appear on
Thursday night.
Columbia.
The audience at the Columbia last night
did not commence to enthuse over the
production of "Florodora" until the double
sextet began the familiar strains of "Tell
Me, Pretty Maiden," and the singers
earned three encores for a clever rendition
of the ditty, which does not seem to have
lost any -of its power to please by fre
quent repetition. The ladies aro decidedly
handsome and possessed of graceful car
riage, and with their six beaux as an off
set made a pleasing: picture.
Isadore Rush as Lady Holyrood Is eas
ily the star of the piece and possesses a
style that is not only dainty, but chic as
well. Her singing of "Tact" was one of
the best things on the programme, and
her dancing accompaniment was prettily
done. Miss Rush has a smile that puts
one in good humor in spite of oneself.
Joseph Phillips as Frank Abercoed dis
plays a fine voice In the song "Under the
Shade of the Palms" and plays what
there is of the part with intelligence. R.
E Graham is unctuously amusing as Cy
rus W. Gilfaln, and Is at all times con
scientious and painstaking. His little ex
hibition of yodellng at the conclusion of
the "Florodora" sextet recalled the days
some two decades ago when Graham used
to shine In that particular line. Philip
Ryley Is all that could be desired as An
thony Tweedlepunch, and his exhibition
of phrenology in the first act and of a
drunken man In the second created no end
of merriment. Donald Brine did not have
much to do as Captain Arthur Donegal,
but his singing of "I Want to Be a Mil
itary Man," aided as it was with a large
and efficient chorus, was no small feature
of the evening's entertainment. In fact,
the chorus work throughout was eminent
ly satisfactory. The girls, and there are
many of them, are pTetty in the main,
and Greta Rlsley makes a stunning ap
pearance upon her entrance in the 1 second
act. For one who is not too exacting
"Florodora" is something to be enjoyed,
with its pretty stage pictures and its
handsomely gowned women.
The Central Theater seems to have
capped the climax of its successes with the
L. R. Stockwell series of comedies. "My
Friend From India," Du Souchefs great
est of laugh-provokers, was the new bill
last night, and the packed house laughed
and applauded and gave enthusiastic evi
dence of its delight in curtain calls for
the star and his clever fellow players.
There is not a dull moment In "My Friend
From India," and the sallies of humor
and flashes of wit are enough to banish
the most serious case of the blues. The
performance is a genuine treat, a banquet
of health-aiding amusement, and Stock
well la the bright particular luminary
that radiates fun as the sun does heat
and light. In the role of A. Keene Shaver,
Stockwell Is a circus and several side
shows rolled into one. The part of the
Central.
Testimonial to Erwin
The California Camera Club has ar
ranged for this evening an elaborate en
tertainment at the Alhambra Theater as
a testimonial of its high esteem of its
president, James W. Erwin, who has
served the organization in that capacity
for nearly five years. The programme,
which promises td be exceptionally in
teresting, will Include vocal and instru
mental music, moving pictures and stere
opticon views, the latter to be accompa
nied by a descriptive lecture by Presi
dent Erwin. As a lecturer Mr. Erwln
has frequently appeared before local au
dience, which have gTeatly appreciated
his descriptive work.
"Wants the Care of His Children.
. Paul Sauer, father of Clemens and Ger
trude Sauer. wants to be appointed their
guardian. In a petition for the appoint
ment filed by him yesterday ho says tha:
their mother, Clara Schuler, is unfit to
have their care and custody.
OPENS FALL TERM WITH
INTERESTING PROGRAMME
When Casey was asked why Nerio's sa
loon had been ordered demolished and the
obstructing platform of the Union Lum
ber Company had been untouched he said-
I gave orders for all these obstruc
tions to be removed, and the men started
in with Nerio's ealoon. • The platform of
the lumber company will be pulled down
later on. It does not matter if the Super
visors did not pass any resolution regard
ing these obstructions on Hooper street
or if no special complaint was made. For
that matter, I can make a complaint."
Casey was asked if there was any truth
In a statement that the Union Lumber
Company desired to get Nerio's saloon
out of the way and then ask the Super
visors to declare Hooper street closed to
traffic, so that the company could use
the entire street for its business.
"That is the first I have heard of It,"
replied Casey. "We propose to remove all
obstructions on streets in that vicinity as
there is a lot of. traffic there. The board
has acted, in a perfectly legal manner in
this matter, and Nerio was given every
chance to state his case before the board
and remove his building."
CASEY MAKES STATEMENT.
The records of the Board of Supervisors
show that no one has ever filed a com
plaint concerning any obstructions on
Hooper Btreet. When the officials of the
Board of Public Works were confronted
with this fact they replied that the board
had a perfect right to declare Nerio's
building an obstruction and to remove it
from the street.
It was admitted by Michael Casey of
the Works Board that the lumber com
pany had refused to remove the platform,
claiming that Nerio's saloon was also an
obstruction, and - that until Nerio com
plied with the law the lumber company
would not act.
the Board of Public Works was disclosed
yesterday by an investigation of the evic
tion proceedings. It was claimed by the
secretary of the Works Board that Nerio
had been served with notice to vacate
pursuant to a resolution passed by the Su
pervisors, which body acted on a petition
by Magee & Son.
Documents were displayed by the of
ficials of the Board of Public Works
showing that Nerio, together with the
Union Lumber Company, had been served
with notices to vacate and remove ob
structions on Hooper street. The lumber
company had a large unloading platform
in the rear of Nerio's saloon, and the
platform is built over the street.
BROKEN SHAFT STOPS
CABLE CAB TRAFFIC
the life of the policeman, and his wife
and one of her sons are accused- of ob
structing the squad and disturbing the
peace.
The affair was •witnessed by a large
crowd of men employed In the. lumber
yards in the vicinity of the saloon and
excitement ran high for a time. Nerio
was arrested on a charge of threats
against life and his wife and John La
gomarsino, his stepson, were arrested
for disturbing the peace. The arrested
persons were taken to the City Pris-r.,
the woman being accompanied by one of
her young children. Mrs. Nerio and her
son, Lagomarslno, were released on $10
bail each, while Nerio was detained in the
prison awaiting bondsmen.
TBOUBLE OF LONG STANDING
The trouble between Nerio and the city
authorities is of long standing. Mrs.
Nerio's- first husband built the property
in dispute some 30 years ago, long
before Hooper street was dedicated to
public use.
The building was owned by the present
wife of Nerio when he was married and
for 22 years --ie couple have run a saloon
in the place. Attempts. to oust them have
repeatedly failed. Six years ago Nerio
was twice arrested for obstmictins: the
streets, but he was acquitted in the Police
Court. - '
Some of the streets In the vicinity of
Nerio's saloon are similarly obstructed.
Many of the lumber companies in that
district have been in the habit of piling
lumber on the streets and some of them
have erected stables sheds and unloading
platforms on the public highways.
Magee & Son, the real estate dealers,
filed a petition with the Board of .Super
visors in February, L02, and in April, 1903.
complaining of a saloon obstructing' the
corner of Sixth and Irwin streets, which
is a block away from Hooper street. ,'
J. end A. Frlppo, who kept . the saloon
In Question, removed their building, but
Nerio claimed that he was legally entitled
to remain In his premises at Sixth and
Hooper streets, having lived there a long
time before Hooper street was dedicated.
Nerio secured an attorney to appear be
fore the Board of Public Works, and the
matter dragged along for many months.
Finally Michael Casey, president of the"
Board of Public Works, ordered that Ne
rio's building be removed, and It was this
order that led to the trouble of yesterday
morning.
LUMBER COMPANY OFFENDS,
A peculiar 'manner of doing business by
MR. AND MRS. VALENTINE NERIO, HOOPER STREET SQUATTERS,
WHO WERE ARRESTED FOR RESISTING A POLICEMAN DETAILED
TO REMOVE THEIR HOUSE FROM THE THOROUGHFARE.
There was consternation for a moment
and then all present, including Howell,
burst into hearty laughter. Cabaniss
was full of apologies to the Commissioner,
assuring him that he was unaware of the
fact that the cigar was loaded, and Fritz
had to get out of the difficulty as grace
fully as he could. He said, however, that
it would be a long time before he kept
a loaded cigar in his desk again.
Howell laughingly said. "Well, I will
try it, anyway." He lighted it and as
Fritz returned from the telephone and
approached Howell. who had the cigar in
his mouth, there was a loud report and
the cigar ppread out like a duster and
then unrolled like a bunch of currency.
Police Commissioner Howell was the
accidental victim of a practical joke yes
terday afternoon, but he took it good
naturedly, although his dignity was for
the moment somewhat ruffled. He was
handed a loaded cigar, and when it ex
ploded his face was a study.
The Commissioner called upon Police
Judge Fritz in his chambers after court
had adjourned. Judge Cabaniss happened
to be there and two of Judge Frltz"s
friends. One of the Judge's friends had
given him a loaded cigar some time be
fore, and while the Judge was called to
the telephone for a minute the friend took
the cigar out of a drawer in the Judge'*
desk and handed it to Judge Cabaniss.
At that moment Commissioner Howell
entered the chambers, and Judge Caban
iss, not knowing the nature of the cigar,
handed it to Howell with the remark.
"This Is one of Fritz's cigars, and I can't
vouch for it."
Explodes in Police Commissioner
Howell's Mouth and Unrolls Like
a Bunch of Currency.
JTTDG3 FEITZ'S CIGAB.
PROVES A NOISY ONE
Two letters addressed to his wife were
found on a table near the body. One
makes reference to the fact that his rent
was up yesterday and he had packed her
belongings In a trunk. The letter con
cludes with. "God bless and protect you
Is the wish of your loving and heart
broken hupband, Tom." The other letter
relates the story of her departure from
the house and his subsequent search of
Oakland to locate her. He mentions his
penniless condition and states that he
eto!e some money to take him across the
bay In search of his wife. Reference is
made to several telephone calls which he
failed to receive and believed were from
his wife. The letter breathes love and af
fection aiSl indicates that brooding over
the disappearance of his wife was pri
marily responsible for the rash deed.
Deceased was 42 years of age and a na
tive of Washington. D. C. The present
whereabouts of Mrs. Fisher is not
known, but it is presumed that fhe is lo
cated in some interior town. The dead
xnan was a member of Morse Lodge No.
257, I. O. O. F.. of this city.
The discovery of the tragedy was made
by M. Anders, a roomer In the house, who
found the deceased lying on the foor, fully
dressed. A tumbler on the washstand
that had contained carbolic acid bore
Elleut testimony to the cause of death.
The Coroner's office was notified and the
body removed to the Morgue.
Fisher, accompanied by his wife, arrived
in this city from Fruitvale four months
ago and took up his residence at TOS^
L&rkln street. He secured employment
with" the New York Life Insurance Com
pany in the capacity of a solicitor. Two
weeks ago. according to the landlady, he
and his wife quarreled and the disagree
ment culminated in the woman leaving
her husband. Since that time Fisher had
been very despondent and last evening
went to a saloon at b Mason street, where
he attempted to crate a bottle containing
carbolic acid, but was prevented by the
alertness of M. C. King, the bartender.
He no doubt went from the saloon to his
rooms and there accomplished his self
destruction without the fear of molesta
tion.
Heartbroken over the fact that his wife
had left hlra. distracted by his subsequent
Inability to ascertain her whereabouts
and despondent by reason of his pennl
lees condition, Thomas W. Fisher, an In
surance solicitor, ended his life shortly
after 7 o'clock last evening In his rooms
&t TCSVs Larkin street by swallowing a
quantity of carbolic acid. A pack of play-
Ing cards scattered on a table seemed to
Indicate that he spent his last moments
on earth playing a game of solitaire to
decide his fate.
Agostinl, star of the first "Boheme"
given here, still shines undlmmed. He
seems to be slnginz even better than
usual, and was last night treated to a
stormy welcome to that effect. He is
by much the best Rudolfo of my acquaint
ance, voiced tenderly and without a trace
of a bleat, splendidly equal too to the
vocal climaxes; and with a manly and
poetic appreciation of the character.
Agostlni does nothing better than this, if
anything so well.
The Mlmi was new. The little Duchess
ina de Spada made her debut in the role,
and sang and smiled har way into the
heart of an audience already very favor
ably inclined to the little lady. There is
more coquetry^ and less poetry in her con
ception than in Montanari's, whose little
Parisian grisette is her best work. And.
too, measured against Agostini's smooth,
virile voice, De Spada's hardly balanced
in the climaxes. But, well used as this
soprano's voice always is. It Is rounding
out, and will soon be equal to the vocal
exactions of the role. She : sang very
charmingly, very tastefully, however, and
gave a thoroughly pleasing performance.
Miss de Spada Is happy in looking the
part very prettily.
Of the immortal quartet Zanini was tne
Marcel, and a very good one. One has
noted before the salutary effect of this
role on the barytone, and Zanini shows
himself very sensible of it. He Is vocally
adequate and a good fourth In the fun
going. Zani Is the Schaunard. the musi
cian, and, like a good many other musi
cians with the tail of his eye glued to
the beat. Take it off, Mr. Zani, and your
Schaunard, with his round rumble and a
bass, is quite happy. Dado's "Farewell
Song to the Coat" was one of the gems
of the evening., and his Colline altogether
handsome. The dancing scene shows
Mr. Dado tripping a heavier fantastic toe
than last year.
' Miss Tromben's Musette was another
novelty of the cast, the dainty morsel of
a soprano a very pretty picture, and a
chic and piquant Aiusette so far as the
acting goes. Her voice was, however, not
heavy enough to balance those of the
other singers. Cortesi was doubly useful
as Benoit and Alcindoro.
As before said the chorus was very
good, but the orchestra needed the soft
pedal badly in places, the first act par
ticularly. Its last act was, however,
carefully and f.nely shaded and the work
throughout spirited. To-night "Otello"
goes with Gregoretti as Iago.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Those curious to hear the first bad per
formance of " j-ia Boheme" at the Tivoll
would better stay away this week. Since
the opera's putting on two seasons ago
at the little opera shop I have been wait
ing for it, but it hasn't arrived yet. From
Agostinl to the humorous lass who does
the Sis Hopkins of the crowd in front of
the Cafe Momus, every member of the
cast simply basks in the opera. They
would rather sing it than eat, and it
Bounds that way. Nor wonderful Is this.
"La Boheme," with Its human, pitiful.
Joyful little crowd of folk one has rubbed
elbows with, offers a chance to get down
from the stilts of the older opera. Its
people come in out of the rain, and other
wise act like humans. The chorus escapes
the deadly semicircle, the principals the
three gestures of conventional opera. It
is only to be natural and the opera goes,
and they do know how at the Tlvoli.
Every time one sees the opera they
have added or changed some effective
bit of detail In the "business," even down
to the chorus, that the management sen
sibly leaves here to Its own devices. Not
in the Grau. edition of the opera was
there the fun, color, point that the Tiv
oli gets into the Cafe Momus scene, for
example— though the young woman who
wandered In last night from 1903 in a
shirt waist might be expurgated. But the
scene was full of life and color, as was,
and always Is, the Tivoli "La Boheme."
Neither must Its difficulty be underrated.
The quick dramatic movement of the
piece doubles its vocal difficulties, and
the handling of a moving chorus like that
of the aforesaid scene Is a herculean task.
But the chorus sang, and loved, and
Jested in excellent time last night to Mr.
SteindornTs beat, and -added much also
to the picture with its quaint costumes.
Hoffman put all the blame upon his wife
for their quarrels, saying that now his
fortune had gone glimmering his wife
wanted to get rid of him. He promised
the Judge that he would not have any
thing further to do with her. and on that
understanding the Judge continued the
case till Saturday to see if he kept his
promise.
Buddhlstlcal barber gives him plenty of
opportunity for those farcical side plays
that never fall to set the house in a roar,
while the lines themselves are the essence
of humorous absurdity. Stockwell as "the
light of Asia," robed In an omelette-col
ored bed spread. Is the most laugh-com
pelling spectacle imaginable. Herschel
Mayall, with his usual ability, portrays
the leading juvenile role of the son in an
ocean of trouble, who seeks to escape the
wrath of his sire by working off the bar
ber as his "friend from India." Henry
Shumer proves himself as good a heavy
comedian as he can be a heavy villain,
and Is enjoyable as the western pork
packer determined to get his daughters
into the New York smart set. Eugenie
Thais Lawton was a delightful Marion
Hayste, and Genevieve Kane and Myrtle
Vane were good as the candidates for
Vanity Fair. Marie Howe has a comical
maiden aunt part, and Georgle Wood
thorpe makes the most of her chances aa
a German, servant girl. Ernest Howell
and Edwin T. Emery serve up minor
parts acceptably, and the whole cast
works in a praiseworthy manner. "My
Friend From India" Is one of the very
best comedies- of Its kind, and It 13 a win
ner this week at the Central.
Th© preliminary examination of Charles
Hoffman, a confectioner, living at SS Her
mann street, on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon, before Police Judge
Fritz yesterday brought out the fact that
he is another victim of the matrimonial
bureau marriages. He was accused of
throwing a champagne bottle at his wife
on the night of September 29.
Mrs. Hoffman, who is a professional
nurse, testified that she had told her hus
band that morning that either he or she
would have to leave the house. When she
got home at night from attending a sick
woman her husband held the bottle over
her head and threatened to knock out
her brains. As she was running to the
door he threw the bottle at her, but It
etruck the wall.
On cross-examination Mrs. Hoffman ad
mitted that she was conducting a matri
monial bureau in Germany twelve years
ago, when Hoffman applied to her for a
wife. She told him the supply of pretty
maidens was exhausted, but that she her
self was ready and willing to become his
bride. They were married and came to
this country, and had been separated
three times, owing, she alleged, to his
cruel treatment. Last Christmas day he
had cut her with a knife, and she showed
the scar on her forehead. She admitted
that he had a small fortune when they
were married, but she added that she also
had a small fortune.
Earnings per year, $200,000; operating ex
penses for same car service as at present,
$122,000; maintenance, deterioration, etc.,
$30,000; profit 54S.OO0.
Philip B. Anspacher let off a number of
Jokes as frisky as a bundle of flre crack
ers on July 4. He said he was on a car
and fell into a lady's lap. The lady asked
him whether he was a "Highlander or a
Laplander." He rejoined that he thought
he was "a laplander." He then recounted
how a 2olt of a car caused him to swal
low a nickel which he had in his mouth
at the moment the conductor asked for
his fare. When taken to the doctor, the
skillful practitioner made him "cough up
five dollars." He continued by picturing
an ideal road which would be constructed
should the city control the railroad. He
also considered that such control would
be the means of purifying politics.
James H. Barry spoke In favor of the
city owning the road, and was followed
by Frank Sullivan, who was of the same
opinion.
While speaking In glowing terms of cit
ies of Europe owning their street cars, a
voice from the back of the theater called
out, "Yes, they own them, and they don't
give you cushions, either."
After Sullivan's speech, which was
noted for its witticism, there was a rush
for the doors, and the combined pleading
of Secretary Troy and Chairman Clinton
for the audience to remain to hear Grun
sky's letter had no effect on those who
were leaving the theater. They went, and
left a handful to hear the contents* of the
epistle. Grunsky placed his opinion as
follows: • ¦ N
ANSPACHEB'S JOKES.
Sweigert began his address on the ad
visability of the city acquiring the
Geary-street road by announcing that
"his voice was in a sling." He got it un
tangled, however, which gave him the op
portunity to say that "Mr. Cornelius had
telegraphed his good wishes to the Car
men's Union and Mr. Platt had also re
ceived a telegram containing good wishes
from his associates." Sweigert then an
nounced to his hearers that they were
going to turn the cars on the Geary-street
road over to the Landmarks League
branch at Carvllle. He characterized the
Geary-street line as a chartered member
of the "associated villainies."
William Goldkuhl. vice president of the
Carmen's Union, spoke in favor of munici
pal ownership of the road and he had no
doubt that such a course would be
benefit to the city. He appealed to the
common sense of the people and asked
whether capitalists would desire to re
main in possession of the road unless it
was a paying concern. By the city hav
ing control of the road the pay of the
men on the cars would be increased, he
said, and their hours would be less than
they were now.
G. B. Benham, president of the Labor
Council, read a lengthy speech. Speaking
of municipal ownership he said that
through the establishment and extension
of publicly owned utilities "the buying
of Supervisors will pass away." "Honor,"
he said, "will be where knavery has
been." Benham said further that capi
tal removed from activity in these semi
public utilities seeks new enterprises
apart from the monopolization of streets
and in order to gain new enterprises for
itself, enters Into new fields and also de
velops new industries capable of employ
ing the people and bringing remuneration
for the Investment.
Troy apologized for the absence of
Gutte, and introduced Dr. C. A. Clinton,
who had conssnted to preside.
The doctor was in the midst of remarks
which plainly showed that his inclina
tion was toward the city owning and
conducting the Geary-street Railroad,
when the band of eight pieces was heard
outside, but approaching nearer and near
er and at last it entered the theater
ahead of about eighty carmen from the
Carmen's Union, led by William Gold
kuhl, vice president of the union.
Dr. Clinton, resuming his address, de
nounced corporations as being arrogant,
evilly so, and giving poor service. By
owning public utilities he said there would
be no strikes of employes, for, he said,
under municipal ownership such a condi
tion could not exist, for the men would
be well paid and their hours would meet
with their approbation. The doctor felt
that these corporations were monstrous
evils. He spoke of public servants being
willing tools of corporations, forgetful
of honor and of manhood. They were
Judases who betrayed their city and
branded their souls. He considered such
men should be "snowed" under when
again seeking office. He asked what
remedy there was for "the deplorable
state of affairs in our city?" "The solu
tion is to be found," he said "In public
ownership."
Dr. Clinton's address was received with
meager applause from the small audience.
The chairman then introduced Charles
Sweigert.
SWEIGERT UNTANGLES VOICE
CLINTON THE
R«d flashes and huge bonfires, whose
sparks floated on the gentle autumn night
air -without the Alhambra Theater, to
gether with the efforts of a band of eight
pieces, failed to attract the people of San
Francisco to a mass meeting which had
been announced to be held last night for
the purpose of giving support, coun
tenance and an Impetus to the adopting
of the Geary-street Railroad bonds.
There was woeful disappointment all
around, for I. Gutte, the announced chair
man, became Indisposed and sent a letter
with his regrets, but expressing sympa
thy with the object of the gathering.
C. E. Grunsky. the City Engineer, who
had been invited to attend, came to the
theater at 8:05. The house was almost
empty and Grunsky after looking around
left a note for the chairman with his Idea
of probable profits and expenses should
the city take over the road, and he then
took a hasty departure from the building.
And still the band played at the steps
of the almost vacant playhouse, and Sec
retary Troy, anxious and energetic, has
tened to the small crowd of little boys
who guarded the red flre to ascertain
whether it was necessary to replenish the
conspicuous blaze.
Instead of 8 o'clock, it was threa=quar
ters of an hour later before there was
anything like an assemblage of even small
size to address.
Marries Conductor of Matri
monial Bureau and Now
Repents.
Probably Played a Game of
Solitaire to Decide
His Fate.
Citizens Speak in Favor of
Public Ownership of
the Line.
"Florodora" Comes Back to
Columbia With All Its
Fascination.
Members of Cast Revel
in Music of the
Geary Street Railroad
Bonds Meeting Poor
ly Attended.
Despondency Causes T.
W. Fisher to Com
mit Suicide.
Unhappy Ending of Con
fectioner's Wedded
Life.
SWALLOWS ACID
TO END HIS LIFE
FORTUNE FLIES,
SO DOES LOVE
RED FIRE FAILS
TO DRAW CROWD
"LA BOHEME"
AT THE TIVOLI
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 6. 1903.
V. Nerio and His Wife Battle With Police
man and Works Board Squad Sent
to Demolish Saloon on Public Highway
STREET SQUATTERS SHOW
DETERMINED RESISTANCE
14
| : > ADVERTISEMENTS.
*ft
PABST invented
and uses to-aav an
unique^ system for
conveying beer dv
rect from vat to
bottle without ex-
posing it to atmos-
pheric impurities.
Beer
is always pure —
not a speck of dust a
or dirt can reach the *
Leer, and even the
Patst Brewery*
itself is as clean and
spotless as your own
kitchen. For a
healtlirul and de-
licious tatleteer
Pat st Blue RitLon
has no peer. \
PERFECT
TJsod by people of refinement
•for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY *
eg. &<%**>.£&.&
EVERY WOMAN
.—^^ is interested and should know
>g*|!j*^g^^ about the wonderful
MADUCI WHIRLING
A^4v\\a niMniCL spray
AW) V.r? Wk I be new Variaal Sjriaje.
r'v,VS . \YfK '' V i'I Injection ukJ Suctton.
*W«S^ > K 8>** '? J Best— ?atest— Most Con.
'^^Cs.'Cs^^W wnksfc It Cleanse*
X^gg^S>s^ Iaiunur.
Ask yoer in itkt far tt. \.. iKjL «..,' ' !f^^~^**
If he ctnnot supply th« N/y^T *' f '%/- <S .
MARVEL, accept no '^ Tj* '-k— **"*£_
! other, but send stamp fee fttua- Xjv f W / &±S
tnt-.l hock — !! ;nlrd. IteiresfUU \\ * r/ /M
particulars and "iirction* invaluabla **V' #,-_ fS
Hoom 203. Times Bdg., New Tork.
I '
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great Q
Museum of anatomy;
A g) 1S51 XA2IZ7 S7. tit ftMRb, S.MX A
\ X?£ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
A illjJv, ii _ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
' ?£:siSl d-se^e politicly c«r*.d rvy th» olue*t *
Q IgMl Specialist on the Co lit. Esc 36 yean. Q)
A tt§g£f A OS. JC3DAN-D1SEASES OF MEN A
\ P?*i^9 Consultation frse and s:r;-tl7 prlratr. \ 1
A I I$V *M Treatment personally or by letter. A n U
\ S if xi K Pom:itt Cltr * m "erycuo undertaken. \ •
nvi! 110 Write for Book. PajLOSOFIlY «f A
Y ' if I] 1 * BAnnUGE, MAILED FREE. (AY
\ Jl valuable book (or men) \
Y DU. JOBDAN A CO.. ltd Market St.. & F. V
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
A. VIGNIER CO., San Francisco.
EVER^BLADLMRRANTH)
Headache Cured-
and prevented by Dr. Miles' Anti-
Pain Pills, unequaled for. neuralgia.
toothache, backache, etc. No opiates.
N-m laxative. Never .sold In bulk. N-mi for
Irvn hook on ihe rur« of headacb*. 2."> »!¦>»<•* "A
23cenis Sold and cuaranteon t>» nil dm.zi.'iski. ™
l»n Mimes Medic.m. Co. ElUlnrt. ImJ.
Cl.-f patents; J!j
SUMMER AND WINTER RESORTS.
MINERAL SPRINGS
OPEN THE YEAH ROUND.
Located nine miles northeast of lle.1 ITluff ca
the line of the Southern Pacific Kaliway.
Cases of RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND ALti
BLOOD DISEASES WILL. EE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY W1L.1.
BE CURED WITHIN' A SPECIKIUIi TIME
OR ALL. EXPK.VSES. INCLUDLNO RAIL-
WAY FARE. WILL CE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the Southern Pacific Co.'s system of railways
and connections throushout the United States.
For rates of fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad agent.
For Kuarante* or reference to cures effected,
address Medical Department, Tuscan Mineral
Springs Corp., Tuscan. CaL
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAR ROUND. Natural hot
¦ulphur springs, temperature 115 degrees. No
staging. Fare $1 10. Sure care for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver troubles Tub
and hot plunse bath3. The laric-st mlnerali
water swimmlns tank In the Sta-.e. Comp2*
tent lady and fentlemen masseurs; •wlmmins '.
teacher. Saeclal rates fmm now on. Peck* it
1 11 Montgomery st. THEODOR RICHAKD3. '
I Arua Callente, Sonoma Count?.